A- 	not, without
Aa	automobile association.
Aa	alcoholics anonymous.
Aa	anti-aircraft.
Aardvark	Mammal with a tubular snout and a long tongue, feeding on termites.
Ab- 	off, away, from
Abacus	frame with wires along which beads are slid for calculating.
Abacus	archit. Flat slab on top of a capital.
Abaft	In the stern half of a ship.
Abaft	Nearer the stern than.
Abandon	give up.
Abandon	forsake, desert.
Abandon	Yield to a passion, another's control, etc.
Abandon	Freedom from inhibitions.
Abandoned	deserted, forsaken.
Abandoned	unrestrained, profligate.
Abase	Humiliate, degrade.
Abashed	Embarrassed, disconcerted.
Abate	make or become less strong etc.; diminish.
Abattoir	Slaughterhouse.
Abbacy	office or jurisdiction of an abbot or abbess.
Abbé	abbot or priest.
Abbess	Head of a community of nuns.
Abbey	building
Abbey	occupied by a community of monks or nuns.
Abbey	the community itself.
Abbey	building that was once an abbey.
Abbot	Head of a community of monks.
Abbreviate	shorten, esp. Represent
Abbreviate	By a part of it.
Abc	the alphabet.
Abc	rudiments of a subject.
Abc	alphabetical guide.
Abdicate	Give up or renounce
Abdicate	renounce
Abdomen	the belly, including the stomach, bowels, etc.
Abdomen	the hinder part of an insect etc.
Abduct	Carry off or kidnap illegally.
Abduct	Abductor
Abeam	At right angles to a ship's or an aircraft's length.
Aberdeen angus	Animal of a scottish breed of hornless black cattle.
Aberdonian	Of aberdeen.
Aberdonian	Native or citizen of aberdeen.
Aberrant	Deviating from what is normal or accepted.
Aberration	aberrant behaviour; moral or mental lapse.
Aberration	biol. Deviation from a normal type.
Aberration	distortion of an image because of a defect in a lens or mirror.
Aberration	astron. Apparent displacement of a celestial body.
Abet	encourage or assist
Abeyance	temporary disuse.
Abhor	detest; regard with disgust. [latin: related to *horror
Abhorrence	Disgust; detestation.
Abhorrent	disgusting or hateful.
Abide	Tolerate, endure
Abide	a act in accordance with
Abide	keep
Abide	remain, continue.
Abiding	Enduring, permanent.
Ability	Capacity or power.
Ability	cleverness, talent.
-ability	forming nouns of quality from, or corresponding to, adjectives in -able.
Ab initio	From the beginning.
Abject	Miserable, wretched; degraded; despicable.
Abjure	renounce on oath
Ablative	Case
Ablative	of nouns and pronouns indicating an agent, instrument, or location.
Ablative	Of or in the ablative.
Ablaze	on fire.
Ablaze	glittering, glowing.
Ablaze	greatly excited.
Able	having the capacity or power
Able	talented, clever.
-able	forming adjectives meaning:
-able	that may or must be
-able	that can be made the subject of
-able	relevant to or in accordance with
Able-bodied	Fit, healthy.
Able-bodied seaman	Ordinary trained seaman.
Ablution	(usu. In
Ablution	ceremonial washing of the hands, sacred vessels, etc.
Ablution	ordinary bodily washing.
Ablution	place for this.
-ably	forming adverbs corresponding to adjectives in -able.
Abm	Anti-ballistic missile.
Abnegate	give up or renounce
Abnegation	Denial; renunciation of a doctrine.
Abnormal	Deviating from the norm; exceptional.
Abnormal	. Abnormally
Abo	austral.
Abo	usu. Offens.
Abo	aboriginal.
Abo	Aboriginal.
Aboard	On or into
Abode1	Dwelling-place.
Abolish	Put an end to (esp.
Abolish	custom or institution).
Abolition	Abolishing or being abolished.
Abominable	detestable, loathsome.
Abominable	Very unpleasant
Abominable snowman	Supposed manlike or bearlike himalayan animal; yeti.
Abominate	detest, loathe.
Aboriginal	indigenous, inhabiting a land from the earliest times, esp. Before the arrival of colonists.
Aboriginal	of australian aborigines.
Aboriginal	aboriginal inhabitant.
Aboriginal	aboriginal inhabitant of australia.
Aborigine	(usu. In
Aborigine	aboriginal inhabitant.
Aborigine	aboriginal inhabitant of australia.
Abort	miscarry.
Abort	a effect abortion of
Abort	effect abortion in
Abort	end or cause
Abort	To end before completion.
Abortion	natural or
Abortion	Induced expulsion of a foetus from the womb before it is able to survive independently.
Abortion	stunted or deformed creature or thing.
Abortion	failed project or action.
Aboriginal	indigenous, inhabiting a land from the earliest times, esp. Before the arrival of colonists.
Aboriginal	of australian aborigines.
Aboriginal	aboriginal inhabitant.
Aboriginal	aboriginal inhabitant of australia.
Aborigine	(usu. In
Aborigine	aboriginal inhabitant.
Aborigine	aboriginal inhabitant of australia.
Abort	miscarry.
Abort	a effect abortion of
Abort	effect abortion in
Abort	end or cause
Abort	To end before completion.
Abortion	natural or
Abortion	Induced expulsion of a foetus from the womb before it is able to survive independently.
Abortion	stunted or deformed creature or thing.
Abortion	failed project or action.
Abortive	Fruitless, unsuccessful.
Abound	be plentiful.
Abound	be rich; teem.
About	a on the subject of
About	relating to
About	in relation to
About	at a time near to
About	a in, round
About	all round from a centre
About	at points in
About	carried with
About	occupied with
About	a approximately
About	In an understatement
About	nearby
About	in every direction
About	on the move; in action
About	in rotation or succession
About	Have as its essential nature
About	. Be about to be on the point of
About-turn	turn made so as to face the opposite direction.
About-turn	change of opinion or policy etc.
About-turn	mil. Command to make an about-turn.
Above	over; on the top of; higher than; over the surface of
Above	more than
Above	higher in rank, importance, etc., than.
Above	a too great or good for
Above	beyond the reach of
Above	at or to a higher point; overhead
Above	earlier on a page or in a book
Above	Preceding
Above	preceding text
Above-board	Without concealment; open or openly.
Abracadabra	Supposedly magic word used in conjuring.
Abracadabra	Spell or charm.
Abrade	scrape or wear away
Abrade	By rubbing.
Abrasion	scraping or wearing away
Abrasion	resulting damaged area.
Abrasive	a tending to rub or graze.
Abrasive	capable of polishing by rubbing or grinding.
Abrasive	harsh or hurtful in manner.
Abrasive	Abrasive substance.
Abreast	side by side and facing the same way.
Abreast	up to date.
Abridge	shorten
Abroad	in or to a foreign country or countries.
Abroad	widely
Abroad	in circulation
Abrogate	repeal, abolish
Abrupt	sudden, hasty
Abrupt	Curt.
Abrupt	steep, precipitous.
Abrupt	Abruptness
Abscess	swelling containing pus.
Abseil	Descend by using a doubled rope coiled round the body and fixed at a higher point.
Abseil	Descent made by abseiling.
Absence	being away.
Absence	time of this.
Absence	lack of.
Absent	not present.
Absent	not existing; lacking.
Absent	inattentive.
Absent	refl. Go, or stay, away.
Absent	(in sense
Absentee	Person not present.
Absenteeism	Absenting oneself from work or school etc., esp. Frequently or illicitly.
Absentee landlord	One who lets a property while living elsewhere.
Absent-minded	Forgetful or inattentive.
Absent-minded	Absent-mindedness
Absinth	wormwood.
Absinth	aniseed-flavoured liqueur based on this.
Absolute	complete, utter
Absolute	unconditional
Absolute	despotic
Absolute	not relative or comparative
Absolute	syntactically independent of the rest of the sentence, as in dinner being over, we left the table.
Absolute	without an expressed noun or object
Absolute	Final.
Absolute	Philos.
Absolute	that which can exist independently of anything else.
Absolutely	completely, utterly.
Absolutely	in an absolute sense
Absolutely	quite so; yes.
Absolute majority	Majority over all rivals combined.
Absolute pitch	Ability to recognize or sound any given note.
Absolute temperature	One measured from absolute zero.
Absolute zero	Theoretical lowest possible temperature calculated as –273.15° c (or
Absolute zero	° k).
Absolution	Formal forgiveness of sins.
Absolutism	Principle or practice of absolute government.
Absolve	set or pronounce free from blame or obligation etc.
Absorb	incorporate as part of itself or oneself.
Absorb	take in, suck up
Absorb	reduce the effect or intensity of; deal easily with
Absorb	consume
Absorb	(often as absorbing
Absorb	) Engross the attention of.
Absorbent	Tending to absorb.
Absorbent	Absorbent substance or organ.
Absorption	absorbing or being absorbed.
Absorption	mental engrossment.
Abstain	refrain from indulging
Abstain	decline to vote.
Abstemious	Moderate or ascetic, esp. In eating and drinking.
Abstention	Abstaining, esp. From voting.
Abstinence	Abstaining, esp. From food or alcohol.
Abstract	a of or existing in thought or theory rather than matter or practice; not concrete.
Abstract	(of a word, esp.
Abstract	noun) denoting a quality, condition, etc., not a concrete object.
Abstract	achieving its effect by form and colour rather than by realism.
Abstract	extract, remove.
Abstract	summarize.
Abstract	summary.
Abstract	abstract work of art.
Abstract	abstraction or abstract term.
Abstracted	Inattentive, distracted.
Abstraction	abstracting or taking away.
Abstraction	abstract or visionary idea.
Abstraction	abstract qualities
Abstraction	absent-mindedness.
Abstruse	Hard to understand, profound.
Absurd	Wildly illogical or inappropriate; ridiculous.
Absurd	. Absurdly
Abta	Association of british travel agents.
Abundance	plenty; more than enough; a lot.
Abundance	wealth.
Abundance	plenty; more than enough; a lot.
Abundance	wealth.
Abundant	plentiful.
Abundant	rich
Abuse	use improperly, misuse.
Abuse	insult verbally.
Abuse	maltreat.
Abuse	misuse.
Abuse	insulting language.
Abuse	unjust or corrupt practice.
Abuse	maltreatment
Abusive	Insulting, offensive.
Abut	border on.
Abut	touch or lean upon
Abutment	Lateral supporting structure of a bridge, arch, etc.
Abuzz	In a state of excitement or activity.
Abysmal	Extremely bad
Abysmal	profound, utter
Abyss	deep chasm.
Abyss	immeasurable depth
Ac	alternating current.
Ac	aircraftman.
Ac	Actinium.
A/c	Account.
-ac	forming adjectives often
-ac	used as nouns
Acacia	Tree with yellow or white flowers, esp. One yielding gum arabic.
Academia	The academic world; scholastic life.
Academic	scholarly, of learning.
Academic	of no practical relevance; theoretical.
Academic	Teacher or scholar in a university etc.
Academician	Member of an academy.
Academy	place of specialized training
Academy	society or institution of distinguished scholars, artists, scientists, etc.
Academy	scot. Secondary school.
Acanthus	herbaceous plant with spiny leaves.
Acanthus	archit. Representation of its leaf.
A cappella	unaccompanied.
Acas	Advisory, conciliation, and arbitration service.
Accede	take office, esp. As monarch.
Accede	assent or agree.
Accelerate	move or cause to move or happen more quickly.
Accelerator	device for increasing speed, esp. The pedal controlling the speed of a vehicle's engine.
Accelerator	physics apparatus for imparting high speeds to charged particles.
Accent	particular
Accent	mode of pronunciation.
Accent	distinctive feature or emphasis
Accent	prominence given to a syllable by stress or pitch.
Accent	mark on a letter or word to indicate pitch, stress, or vowel quality.
Accent	emphasize
Accent	write or print accents on
Accent	accentuate.
Accentuate	emphasize, make prominent.
Accept	Willingly receive
Accept	Answer affirmatively
Accept	regard favourably; treat as welcome
Accept	believe, receive
Accept	As adequate or valid.
Accept	take as suitable
Accept	undertake
Acceptable	worth accepting, welcome.
Acceptable	tolerable.
Acceptable	Acceptably
Acceptance	willingness to accept.
Acceptance	affirmative answer to an invitation etc.
Acceptance	approval, belief
Access	way of approach or entry
Access	a right or opportunity to reach or use or visit; admittance
Access	accessibility.
Access	outburst
Access	computing gain access to
Access	accession.
Accessible	reachable or obtainable; readily available.
Accessible	easy to understand.
Accession	taking office, esp. As monarch.
Accession	thing added.
Accession	Record the addition of
Accession	to a library etc.
Accessory	additional or extra thing.
Accessory	(usu. In
Accessory	) Small attachment, fitting, or subsidiary item of dress
Accessory	person who abets or is privy to an
Accessory	act.
Access road	Road giving access only to the properties along it.
Access time	Computing time taken to retrieve data from storage.
Accident	unfortunate esp. Harmful event, caused unintentionally.
Accident	event that is unexpected or without apparent cause.
Accidental	Happening by chance or accident.
Accidental	Sign indicating a note's momentary departure from the key signature.
Accident-prone	Clumsy.
Acclaim	welcome or applaud enthusiastically.
Acclaim	hail as
Acclaim	Applause, welcome, public praise.
Acclamation	loud and eager assent.
Acclamation	(usu. In
Acclamation	) Shouting in a person's honour.
Acclimatize	adapt to a new climate or conditions.
Accolade	praise given.
Accolade	touch made with a sword at the conferring of a knighthood.
Accommodate	provide lodging or room for
Accommodate	adapt, harmonize, reconcile
Accommodate	a do favour to, oblige
Accommodate	supply
Accommodate	with.
Accommodating	Obliging, compliant.
Accommodation	lodgings.
Accommodation	adjustment, adaptation.
Accommodation	convenient arrangement; settlement, compromise.
Accommodation address	Postal address used by a person unable or unwilling to give a permanent address.
Accompaniment	instrumental or orchestral support for a solo instrument, voice, or group.
Accompaniment	accompanying thing.
Accompaniment	(in sense
Accompany	go with; escort.
Accompany	be done or found with; supplement.
Accompany	Partner with accompaniment.
Accomplice	Partner in a crime etc.
Accomplish	Succeed in doing; achieve, complete.
Accomplished	Clever, skilled.
Accomplishment	completion
Accomplishment	acquired, esp. Social, skill.
Accomplishment	thing achieved.
Accord	be consistent or in harmony.
Accord	grant
Accord	; give
Accord	agreement, consent.
Accord	art etc. Harmony.
According	a as stated by
According	in proportion to
According	in a manner or to a degree that varies as
Accordingly	as circumstances suggest or require
Accordingly	consequently
Accordion	Musical reed instrument with concertina-like bellows, keys, and buttons.
Accost	approach and address
Accost	, esp. Boldly.
Accost	solicit.
Accession	taking office, esp. As monarch.
Accession	thing added.
Accession	Record the addition of
Accession	to a library etc.
Accessory	additional or extra thing.
Accessory	(usu. In
Accessory	) Small attachment, fitting, or subsidiary item of dress
Accessory	person who abets or is privy to an
Accessory	act.
Access road	Road giving access only to the properties along it.
Access time	Computing time taken to retrieve data from storage.
Accident	unfortunate esp. Harmful event, caused unintentionally.
Accident	event that is unexpected or without apparent cause.
Accidental	Happening by chance or accident.
Accidental	Sign indicating a note's momentary departure from the key signature.
Accident-prone	Clumsy.
Acclaim	welcome or applaud enthusiastically.
Acclaim	hail as
Acclaim	Applause, welcome, public praise.
Acclamation	loud and eager assent.
Acclamation	(usu. In
Acclamation	) Shouting in a person's honour.
Acclimatize	adapt to a new climate or conditions.
Accolade	praise given.
Accolade	touch made with a sword at the conferring of a knighthood.
Accommodate	provide lodging or room for
Accommodate	adapt, harmonize, reconcile
Accommodate	a do favour to, oblige
Accommodate	supply
Accommodate	with.
Accommodating	Obliging, compliant.
Accommodation	lodgings.
Accommodation	adjustment, adaptation.
Accommodation	convenient arrangement; settlement, compromise.
Accommodation address	Postal address used by a person unable or unwilling to give a permanent address.
Accompaniment	instrumental or orchestral support for a solo instrument, voice, or group.
Accompaniment	accompanying thing.
Accompaniment	(in sense
Accompany	go with; escort.
Accompany	be done or found with; supplement.
Accompany	Partner with accompaniment.
Accomplice	Partner in a crime etc.
Accomplish	Succeed in doing; achieve, complete.
Accomplished	Clever, skilled.
Accomplishment	completion
Accomplishment	acquired, esp. Social, skill.
Accomplishment	thing achieved.
Accord	be consistent or in harmony.
Accord	grant
Accord	; give
Accord	agreement, consent.
Accord	art etc. Harmony.
According	a as stated by
According	in proportion to
According	in a manner or to a degree that varies as
Accordingly	as circumstances suggest or require
Accordingly	consequently
Accordion	Musical reed instrument with concertina-like bellows, keys, and buttons.
Accost	approach and address
Accost	, esp. Boldly.
Accost	solicit.
Account	narration, description
Account	arrangement at a bank etc. For depositing and withdrawing money, credit, etc.
Account	record or statement of financial transactions with the balance
Account	Consider as
Accountable	responsible; required to account for one's conduct.
Accountable	explicable, understandable.
Accountant	Professional keeper or verifier of accounts.
Accountant	Accounting
Accouterments	pl.
Accouterments	equipment, trappings.
Accouterments	soldier's equipment excluding weapons and clothes.
Accoutrements	pl.
Accoutrements	equipment, trappings.
Accoutrements	soldier's equipment excluding weapons and clothes.
Accredit	attribute
Accredit	To
Accredit	credit
Accredit	with
Accredit	send
Accredit	With credentials.
Accredit	gain influence for or make credible
Accredited	officially recognized.
Accredited	generally accepted.
Accretion	growth or increase by accumulation, addition, or organic enlargement.
Accretion	the resulting whole.
Accretion	a matter so added.
Accretion	adhesion of this to the core matter.
Accrue	come as a natural increase or advantage, esp. Financial.
Accumulate	acquire an increasing number or quantity of; amass, collect.
Accumulate	grow numerous; increase.
Accumulation	accumulating or being accumulated.
Accumulation	accumulated mass.
Accumulation	growth of capital by continued interest.
Accumulator	rechargeable electric cell.
Accumulator	bet placed on a sequence of events, with the winnings and stake from each placed on the next.
Accuracy	Exactness or careful precision.
Accurate	Careful, precise; conforming exactly with the truth or a standard.
Accursed	under a curse.
Accursed	Detestable, annoying.
Accusation	Accusing or being accused.
Accusative	Case expressing the object of an action.
Accusative	Of or in this case.
Accusatory	Of or implying accusation.
Accuse	charge with a fault or crime; blame.
Accustom	make used to
Accustomed	used to a thing.
Accustomed	customary, usual.
Ace	playing-card etc. With a single spot and generally signifying ‘one’.
Ace	a person who excels in some activity.
Ace	pilot who has shot down many enemy aircraft.
Ace	unreturnable stroke (esp.
Ace	service).
Ace	excellent.
Acellular	Having no cells; not consisting of cells.
Aceous	forming adjectives in the sense ‘of the nature of’, esp. In the natural sciences
Acerbic	Harsh and sharp, esp. In speech or manner.
Acetaldehyde	Colourless volatile liquid aldehyde.
Acetate	salt or ester of acetic acid, esp. The cellulose ester.
Acetate	fabric made from this.
Acetic	Of or like vinegar.
Acetic acid	Clear liquid acid giving vinegar its characteristic taste.
Acetone	Colourless volatile liquid that dissolves organic compounds, esp. Paints, varnishes, etc.
Acetylene	Hydrocarbon gas burning with a bright flame, used esp. In welding.
Ache	continuous dull pain.
Ache	mental distress.
Ache	suffer from or be the source of an ache.
Achieve	reach or attain, esp. By effort
Achieve	accomplish
Achievement	something achieved.
Achievement	act of achieving.
Achilles heel	Person's weak or vulnerable point.
Achilles tendon	Tendon connecting the heel with the calf muscles.
Achromatic	Optics
Achromatic	transmitting light without separation into constituent colours
Achromatic	without colour.
Achy	full of or suffering from aches.
Acid	a any of a class of substances that liberate hydrogen ions in water, are usu. Sour and corrosive, turn litmus red, and have a ph of less than
Acid	any compound or atom donating protons.
Acid	any sour substance.
Acid	the drug lsd.
Acid	sour.
Acid	biting, sharp
Acid	chem. Having the essential properties of an acid.
Acid	Acidify
Acid	. Acidity
Acid	Acidly
Acid house	type of synthesized music with a simple repetitive beat, often associated with hallucinogenic drugs.
Acid rain	Acid, esp. From industrial waste gases, falling with rain.
Acid test	Severe or conclusive test.
Acidulous	Somewhat acid.
Ack-ack	Anti-aircraft.
Ack-ack	Anti-aircraft gun etc.
Acknowledge	recognize; accept the truth of
Acknowledge	confirm the receipt of
Acknowledge	a show that one has noticed
Acknowledge	express appreciation of
Acknowledge	recognize the validity of, own
Acknowledgement	act of acknowledging.
Acknowledgement	a thing given or done in gratitude.
Acknowledgement	letter confirming receipt of something.
Acknowledgement	(usu. In
Acknowledgement	) Author's statement of gratitude, prefacing a book.
Acme	Highest point
Acne	Skin condition with red pimples.
Acolyte	person assisting a priest.
Acolyte	assistant; beginner.
Aconite	any of various poisonous plants, esp. Monkshood.
Aconite	drug from these.
Acorn	Fruit of the oak, with a smooth nut in a cuplike base.
Acoustic	of sound or the sense of hearing.
Acoustic	Without electrical amplification
Acoustics	properties or qualities
Acoustics	In transmitting sound.
Acoustics	Science of sound.
Acquaint	make aware of or familiar with
Acquaintance	being acquainted.
Acquaintance	person one knows slightly.
Acquiesce	agree, esp. By default.
Acquiesce	accept
Acquiesce	Acquiescent
Acquire	gain for oneself; come into possession of.
Acquired taste	liking developed by experience.
Acquired taste	object of this.
Acquirement	Thing acquired, esp.
Acquirement	mental attainment.
Acquisition	thing acquired, esp. When useful.
Acquisition	acquiring or being acquired.
Acquisitive	Keen to acquire things.
Acquit	declare not guilty.
Acquit	refl.
Acquit	behave or perform in a specified way
Acquit	discharge
Acre	Measure of land,
Acre	,840 sq. Yds.,
Acre	.405 ha.
Acreage	number of acres; extent of land.
Acrid	bitterly pungent.
Acrimonious	Bitter in manner or temper.
Acrobat	Entertainer performing gymnastic feats.
Acrobat	Acrobatically
Acrobatics	acrobatic feats.
Acrobatics	Art of performing these.
Acronym	Word formed from the initial letters of other words
Acropolis	Citadel of an ancient greek city.
Across	to or on the other side of
Across	from one side to another side of
Across	at or forming an angle with
Across	to or on the other side
Across	from one side to another
Acrostic	Poem etc. In which certain letters
Acrostic	form a word or words.
Acrylic	Of synthetic material made from acrylic acid.
Acrylic	Acrylic fibre or fabric.
Acrylic acid	pungent liquid organic acid.
Act	something done; a deed.
Act	process of doing
Act	item of entertainment.
Act	pretence
Act	main division of a play etc.
Act	a decree of a legislative body.
Act	document attesting a legal transaction.
Act	behave
Act	perform an action or function; take action
Act	have an effect
Act	a perform a part in a play, film, etc.
Act	pretend.
Act	a play the part of
Act	perform
Act	portray
Act	by actions.
Act	Misbehave; give trouble
Act	. Get one's act together
Act	become properly organized; prepare. Put on an act
Act	Make a pretence.
Acting	Art or occupation of an actor.
Acting	Serving temporarily or as a substitute
Actinism	Property of short-wave radiation that produces chemical changes, as in photography.
Actinium	Chem. Radioactive metallic element found in pitchblende.
Action	process of doing or acting
Action	forcefulness or energy.
Action	exertion of energy or influence
Action	deed, act
Action	a series of events in a story, play, etc. B
Action	exciting activity
Action	battle, fighting
Action	a mechanism of an instrument.
Action	style of movement of an animal or human.
Action	lawsuit.
Actionable	Giving cause for legal action.
Action-packed	Full of action or excitement.
Action point	Proposal for action.
Action replay	Playback of part of a television broadcast, esp.
Action replay	sporting event, often in slow motion.
Action stations	pl. Positions taken up by troops etc. Ready for battle.
Activate	make active.
Activate	chem. Cause reaction in.
Activate	make radioactive.
Active	marked by action; energetic; diligent
Active	working, operative
Active	not merely passive or inert; positive
Active	radioactive.
Active	Designating the form of a verb whose subject performs the action
Active	Active form or voice of a verb.
Active service	Military service in wartime.
Activism	Policy of vigorous action, esp. For a political cause.
Activity	being active; busy or energetic action.
Activity	(often in
Activity	) Occupation or pursuit
Actor	Person who acts in a play, film, etc.
Actress	Female actor.
Actual	(usu.
Actual	existing in fact; real.
Actual	current.
Actuality	reality.
Actuality	(in
Actuality	) Existing conditions.
Actually	as a fact, really
Actually	strange as it may seem
Actuary	statistician, esp. One calculating insurance risks and premiums.
Actuate	cause
Actuate	To move or function.
Actuate	cause
Actuate	to act.
Acuity	Sharpness, acuteness.
Acumen	Keen insight or discernment.
Acupuncture	Medical treatment using needles in parts of the body.
Acute	serious, severe
Acute	Keen, penetrating.
Acute	shrewd.
Acute	coming quickly to a crisis.
Acute	less than
Acute	0°.
Acute	high, shrill.
Acute accent	Diacritical mark
Acute accent	placed over certain letters in french etc., esp. To show pronunciation.
-acy	forming nouns of state or quality
-acy	, or an instance of it
Ad	Of the christian era.
Ad	Advertisement.
Ad- 	implying motion or direction to, reduction or change into, addition, adherence, increase, or intensification.
Adage	Traditional maxim, proverb.
Adagio	In slow time.
Adagio	such a movement or passage.
Adam	The first man.
Adamant	Stubbornly resolute; unyielding.
Adam's apple	Projection of cartilage at the front of the neck.
Adapt	fit, adjust
Adapt	make suitable for a purpose.
Adapt	modify (esp.
Adapt	text for broadcasting etc.).
Adapt	adjust to new conditions.
Adapt	Adaptation
Adaptor	device for making equipment compatible.
Adaptor	device for connecting several electrical plugs to one socket.
Add	join
Add	as an increase or supplement.
Add	put together
Add	to find their total.
Add	say further.
Add	find the total of.
Add	amount to.
Add	Make sense.
Addendum	thing to be added.
Addendum	material added at the end of a book.
Adder	Small venomous snake, esp. The common viper.
Addict	person addicted, esp. To a drug.
Addict	Devotee
Addicted	dependent on a drug etc. As a habit.
Addicted	devoted to an interest.
Addictive	Causing addiction.
Addition	adding.
Addition	person or thing added.
Additional	Added, extra, supplementary.
Additive	Substance added to improve another, esp. To colour, flavour, or preserve food.
Addle	muddle, confuse.
Addle	(usu. As addled
Addle	become rotten.
Address	a place where a person lives or an organization is situated.
Address	particulars of this, esp. For postal purposes.
Address	computing location of an item of stored information.
Address	discourse to an audience.
Address	write postal directions on
Address	direct
Address	speak or write to, esp. Formally.
Address	direct one's attention to.
Address	golf take aim at
Address	speak or write to.
Address	attend to.
Addressee	Person to whom a letter etc. Is addressed.
Adduce	cite as an instance or as proof or evidence.
Adenoids	pl. Area of enlarged lymphatic tissue between the nose and the throat, often hindering breathing in the young.
Adept	skilful.
Adept	Adept person.
Adequate	Sufficient, satisfactory.
Adequate	Adequately
À deux	For or between two.
Adhere	stick fast to a substance etc.
Adhere	behave according to
Adhere	give allegiance.
Adherent	Supporter.
Adherent	Sticking, adhering.
Adhesion	adhering.
Adhesion	unnatural union of body tissues due to inflammation.
Adhesive	Sticky, causing adhesion.
Adhesive	Adhesive substance.
Ad hoc	For one particular occasion or use.
Adieu	Goodbye.
Ad infinitum	Without limit; for ever.
Adipose	Of fat; fatty
Adjacent	lying near; adjoining.
Adjective	Word used to describe or modify a noun or pronoun.
Adjoin	Be next to and joined with.
Adjourn	put off, postpone; break off
Adjourn	Temporarily.
Adjourn	break and disperse or
Adjourn	transfer to another place
Adjudge	pronounce judgement on
Adjudge	pronounce or award judicially.
Adjudicate	act as judge in a competition, court, etc.
Adjudicate	adjudge.
Adjudicate	Adjudicative
Adjudicate	Adjudicator
Adjunct	subordinate or incidental thing.
Adjunct	Word or phrase used to explain or amplify the predicate, subject, etc.
Adjure	Beg or command.
Adjust	order or position; regulate; arrange.
Adjust	become or make suited; adapt.
Adjust	harmonize
Adjust	assess
Adjust	Adjustment
Adjutant	a army officer assisting a superior in administrative duties.
Adjutant	assistant.
Adjutant	giant indian stork.
Ad lib	improvise.
Ad lib	Improvised.
Ad lib	As one pleases, to any desired extent.
Admin	Administration.
Administer	manage
Administer	a deliver or dispense, esp. Formally
Administer	direct the taking of
Administrate	administer
Administrate	; act as an administrator.
Administration	administering, esp. Public affairs.
Administration	government in power.
Administrative	Of the management of affairs.
Administrator	Manager of a business, public affairs, or a person's estate.
Admirable	Deserving admiration; excellent.
Admiral	a commander-in-chief of a navy.
Admiral	high-ranking naval officer, commander.
Admiral	any of various butterflies.
Admiralty	hist. Committee superintending the royal navy.
Admiration	respect; warm approval or pleasure.
Admiration	object of this.
Admire	regard with approval, respect, or satisfaction.
Admire	express admiration of.
Admire	Admiring
Admire	Admirlingly
Admissible	Worth accepting or considering.
Admissible	law allowable as evidence.
Admission	acknowledgement
Admission	a process or right of entering.
Admission	charge for this
Admit	acknowledge; recognize as true.
Admit	confess to
Admit	allow
Admit	entrance, access, etc.
Admit	take
Admit	into hospital.
Admit	accommodate.
Admit	allow as possible.
Admittance	Admitting or being admitted, usu. To a place.
Admittedly	As must be admitted.
Admixture	thing added, esp.
Admixture	minor ingredient.
Admixture	adding of this.
Admonish	reprove.
Admonish	urge, advise.
Admonish	warn.
Admonish	Admonition
Admonish	Admonitory
Ad nauseam	Excessively; disgustingly.
Ado	Fuss, busy activity; trouble.
Adobe	sun-dried brick.
Adobe	clay for making these.
Adolescent	Between childhood and adulthood.
Adolescent	Adolescent person.
Adonis	Handsome young man.
Adopt	legally take
Adopt	into a relationship, esp. Another's child as one's own.
Adopt	choose
Adopt	take over
Adopt	choose as a candidate for office.
Adopt	accept responsibility for the maintenance of
Adopt	accept or approve
Adoptive	Because of adoption
Adorable	deserving adoration.
Adorable	Delightful, charming.
Adore	love intensely.
Adore	worship as divine.
Adore	Like very much.
Adore	Adorer
Adorn	Add beauty to; decorate.
Adrenal	at or near the kidneys.
Adrenal	of the adrenal glands.
Adrenal	either of two ductless glands above the kidneys, secreting adrenalin.
Adrenalin	stimulative hormone secreted by the adrenal glands.
Adrenalin	this extracted or synthesized for medicinal use.
Adrift	adj.
Adrift	drifting.
Adrift	powerless; aimless.
Adrift	unfastened.
Adrift	out of order, wrong
Adroit	Dexterous, skilful.
Adsorb	hold
Adsorb	To its surface, forming a thin film.
Adsorb	Adsorption
Adulation	Obsequious flattery.
Adult	mature, grown-up.
Adult	Of or for adults
Adult	Adult person.
Adulterate	debase
Adulterate	by adding other substances.
Adulterate	Adulteration
Adulterer	person who commits adultery.
Adultery	Voluntary sexual intercourse between a married person and a person other than his or her spouse.
Adumbrate	indicate faintly or in outline.
Adumbrate	foreshadow.
Adumbrate	overshadow.
Advance	move or put forward; progress.
Advance	pay or lend
Advance	beforehand.
Advance	promote
Advance	present
Advance	(as advanced
Advance	well ahead.
Advance	socially progressive.
Advance	going forward; progress.
Advance	prepayment; loan.
Advance	(in
Advance	) Amorous approaches.
Advance	rise in price.
Advance	Done or supplied beforehand
Advanced level	High level of gce examination.
Advancement	Promotion of a person, cause, or plan.
Advantage	beneficial feature.
Advantage	benefit, profit.
Advantage	superiority.
Advantage	the next point after deuce.
Advantage	benefit, favour.
Advantage	make good use of.
Advantage	exploit, esp. Unfairly.
Advantage	euphem. Seduce.
Advent	season before christmas.
Advent	coming of christ.
Advent	important arrival.
Adventist	Member of a christian sect believing in the imminent second coming of christ.
Adventitious	accidental, casual.
Adventitious	added from outside.
Adventitious	biol. Formed accidentally or under unusual conditions.
Adventure	unusual and exciting experience.
Adventure	enterprise
Adventure	dare, venture; engage in adventure.
Adventure playground	Playground with climbing-frames, building blocks, etc.
Adventurer	person who seeks adventure, esp. For personal gain or enjoyment.
Adventurer	financial speculator.
Adventurous	Venturesome, enterprising.
Adverb	Word indicating manner, degree, circumstance, etc., used to modify an adjective, verb, or other adverb
Adversary	enemy, opponent.
Adverse	Unfavourable; harmful.
Adversity	Misfortune, distress.
Advert	Advertisement.
Advertise	promote
Advertise	publicly to increase sales.
Advertise	make generally known.
Advertise	seek by a notice in a newspaper etc. To buy, employ, sell, etc.
Advertisement	public announcement, esp. Of goods etc. For sale or wanted, vacancies, etc.
Advertisement	advertising.
Advice	recommendation on how to act.
Advice	information given; news.
Advice	formal notice of a transaction.
Advisable	To be recommended, expedient.
Advise	Give advice to.
Advise	recommend
Advise	inform.
Advisedly	After due consideration; deliberately.
Adviser	person who advises, esp. Officially.
Advisory	Giving advice
Advocaat	Liqueur of eggs, sugar, and brandy.
Advocacy	Support or argument for a cause, policy, etc.
Advocate	person who supports or speaks in favour.
Advocate	person who pleads for another, esp. In a lawcourt.
Advocate	recommend by argument.
Adz	tool like an axe, with an arched blade at right angles to the handle.
Adze	tool like an axe, with an arched blade at right angles to the handle.
Aegis	Protection; support.
Aeolian harp	Stringed instrument or toy sounding when the wind passes through it.
Aeon	long or indefinite period.
Aeon	an age.
Aerate	charge
Aerate	with carbon dioxide.
Aerate	expose to air.
Aerial	Device for transmitting or receiving radio waves.
Aerial	by or from the air; involving aircraft
Aerial	existing in the air.
Aerial	of or like air.
Aero-	Form air; aircraft.
Aerobatics	spectacular flying of aircraft, esp. To entertain.
Aerobatics	Performance of these.
Aerobics	pl. Vigorous exercises designed to increase oxygen intake.
Aerodrome	Small airport or airfield.
Aerodynamics	pl.
Aerodynamics	Dynamics of solid bodies moving through air.
Aerofoil	Structure with curved surfaces (e.g.
Aerofoil	wing, fin, or tailplane) designed to give lift in flight.
Aeronautics	pl.
Aeronautics	Science or practice of motion in the air.
Aeronautics	Aeronautical
Aeroplane	Powered heavier-than-air flying vehicle with fixed wings.
Aerosol	pressurized container releasing a substance as a fine spray.
Aerosol	system of minute particles suspended in gas
Aerospace	earth's atmosphere and outer space.
Aerospace	aviation in this.
Aesthete	Person who has or professes a special appreciation of beauty.
Aesthete	Person who has or professes a special appreciation of beauty.
Aesthetic	of or sensitive to beauty.
Aesthetic	artistic, tasteful.
Aesthetic	(in
Aesthetic	) Philosophy of beauty, esp. In art.
Aesthetic	Aestheticism
Aetiology	study of causation or of the causes of disease.
Af	Audio frequency.
Afar	At or to a distance.
Affable	friendly.
Affable	courteous.
Affable	Affably
Affair	matter, concern, or thing to be attended to
Affair	a celebrated or notorious happening. B
Affair	Thing or event
Affair	(in
Affair	) Public or private business.
Affect	a produce an effect on.
Affect	Attack.
Affect	move emotionally.
Affect	pretend
Affect	pose as or use for effect
Affect	Affectingly
Affectation	artificial manner.
Affectation	studied display.
Affectation	pretence.
Affected	pretended, artificial.
Affected	full of affectation.
Affection	goodwill, fond feeling.
Affection	disease; diseased condition.
Affectionate	Loving, fond.
Affidavit	Written statement confirmed by oath.
Affiliate	attach, adopt, or connect as a member or branch.
Affiliate	Affiliated person etc.
Affiliation	Affiliating or being affiliated.
Affiliation order	Legal order against the supposed father of an illegitimate child for support.
Affinity	liking or attraction; feeling of kinship.
Affinity	relationship, esp. By marriage.
Affinity	similarity of structure or character suggesting a relationship.
Affinity	chem. The tendency of certain substances to combine with others.
Affirm	assert, state as a fact.
Affirm	law make a solemn declaration in place of an oath.
Affirmative	Affirming; expressing approval.
Affirmative	Affirmative statement or word etc.
Affix	attach, fasten.
Affix	add in writing.
Affix	addition.
Afflict	Distress physically or mentally.
Affliction	distress, suffering.
Affliction	cause of this.
Affluent	Wealthy, rich.
Afford	a have enough money, time, etc., for; be able to spare.
Afford	be in a position
Afford	provide
Afforest	convert into forest.
Afforest	plant with trees.
Affray	Breach of the peace by fighting or rioting in public.
Affront	Open insult.
Affront	Insult openly; offend, embarrass.
Afghan	a native or national of afghanistan.
Afghan	person of afghan descent.
Afghan	official language of afghanistan.
Afghan	Of afghanistan.
Afghan hound	Tall hunting dog with long silky hair.
Aficionado	devotee of a sport or pastime.
Afield	To or at a distance
Aflame	adj.
Aflame	in flames.
Aflame	very excited.
Afloat	adj.
Afloat	floating.
Afloat	at sea.
Afloat	out of debt or difficulty.
Afloat	current.
Afoot	adj. In operation; progressing.
Afore	before; previously; in front
Afore-	Form before, previously
Afore	before; previously; in front
Afore-	Form before, previously
Aforethought	Premeditated
Afraid	Alarmed, frightened.
Afraid	Politely regret
Afresh	Anew; with a fresh beginning.
African	native
African	of africa.
African	person of african descent.
African	Of africa.
African elephant	The elephant of africa, larger than that of india.
African violet	House-plant with velvety leaves and blue, purple, or pink flowers.
Afrikaans	Language derived from dutch, used in s. Africa.
Afrikaner	Afrikaans-speaking white person in s. Africa, esp. Of dutch descent.
Afro	tightly-curled and bushy.
Afro	afro hairstyle.
Afro-	Form african.
Afro-american	Of american blacks or their culture.
Afro-american	American black.
Afro-caribbean	Caribbean person of african descent.
Afro-caribbean	Of afro-caribbeans.
Aft	aeron. At or towards the stern or tail.
After	following in time; later than
After	in view of, in spite of
After	behind
After	in pursuit or quest of
After	about, concerning
After	in allusion to
After	in imitation of
After	next in importance to
After	Later than
After	later
After	behind
After	later, following
After	Nearer the stern
Afterbirth	Placenta etc. Discharged from the womb after childbirth.
After-care	Attention after leaving hospital etc.
After-effect	Delayed effect following an accident, trauma, etc.
Afterglow	Glow remaining after its source has disappeared.
Afterlife	Life after death.
Aftermath	consequences, esp. Unpleasant
Aftermath	new grass growing after mowing.
Afternoon	Time from noon or lunch-time to evening.
Afterpains	pl. Pains caused by contraction of the womb after childbirth.
Aftershave	Lotion used after shaving.
Aftertaste	Taste after eating or drinking.
Afterthought	Thing thought of or added later.
Afterward	later, subsequently.
Afterwards	later, subsequently.
Ag	Silver.
Again	another time; once more.
Again	as previously
Again	in addition
Again	further, besides
Again	on the other hand
Against	in opposition to
Against	into collision or in contact with
Against	to the disadvantage of
Against	in contrast to
Against	in anticipation of
Against	as a compensating factor to
Against	in return for
Agape	Gaping, open-mouthed.
Agaric	Fungus with a cap and stalk, e.g. The common mushroom.
Agate	Hard usu. Streaked chalcedony.
Agate	Hard usu. Streaked chalcedony.
Agave	Plant with rosettes of narrow spiny leaves and flowers on tall stem.
Age	length of time that a person or thing has existed.
Age	(often in
Age	long time
Age	distinct historical period
Age	old age.
Age	show or cause to show signs of advancing age.
Age	grow old.
Age	mature.
Age	8, formerly
Age	1).
-age	forming nouns denoting:
-age	action
-age	condition
-age	aggregate or number
-age	cost
-age	result
-age	place or abode
Aged	Of the age of (aged
Aged	old.
Ageism	Prejudice or discrimination on grounds of age.
Ageless	never growing or appearing old.
Ageless	eternal.
Agelong	Existing for a very long time.
Agency	business or premises of an agent.
Agency	action; intervention
Agenda	list of items to be considered at a meeting.
Agenda	things to be done.
Agent	a person who acts for another in business etc.
Agent	spy.
Agent	person or thing that exerts power or produces an effect.
Agent provocateur	person used to tempt suspected offenders to self-incriminating action.
Age of consent	Age at which consent to sexual intercourse is valid in law.
Age-old	Very long-standing.
Agglomerate	collect into a mass.
Agglomerate	Mass, esp. Of fused volcanic fragments.
Agglomerate	Collected into a mass.
Agglutinate	stick as with glue.
Agglutinate	Agglutinative
Aggrandize	increase the power, rank or wealth of.
Aggrandize	make seem greater.
Aggravate	make worse or more serious.
Aggravate	annoy.
Aggregate	sum total, amount assembled.
Aggregate	crushed stone etc. Used in making concrete.
Aggregate	rock formed of a mass of different particles or minerals.
Aggregate	Combined, collective, total.
Aggregate	collect, combine into one mass.
Aggregate	Amount to.
Aggregate	unite.
Aggregate	Aggregative
Aggression	unprovoked attacking or attack.
Aggression	hostile or destructive behaviour.
Aggressive	given to aggression; hostile.
Aggressive	forceful, self-assertive.
Aggressor	Person or party that attacks without provocation.
Aggrieved	Having a grievance.
Aggro	aggressive hostility.
Aggro	trouble, difficulty.
Aghast	Filled with dismay or consternation.
Agile	Quick-moving, nimble, active.
Agitate	disturb or excite
Agitate	campaign, esp. Politically
Agitate	shake briskly.
Agitate	Agitator
Aglow	Glowing.
Agm	Annual general meeting.
Agnail	Piece of torn skin at the root of a fingernail; resulting soreness.
Agnostic	Person who believes that the existence of god is not provable.
Agnostic	Of agnosticism.
Ago	earlier, in the past.
Agog	Eager, expectant.
Agonize	undergo
Agonize	anguish; suffer or cause to suffer agony.
Agonize	(as agonized
Agonize	) Expressing agony
Agony	extreme mental or physical suffering.
Agony	severe struggle.
Agony aunt	Person (esp.
Agony aunt	woman) who answers letters in an agony column.
Agony column	column in a magazine etc. Offering personal advice to correspondents.
Agoraphobia	Abnormal fear of open spaces or public places.
Agrarian	of the land or its cultivation.
Agrarian	of landed property.
Agrarian	Advocate of the redistribution of land.
Agree	hold the same opinion
Agree	consent
Agree	a become or be in harmony.
Agree	suit
Agree	Have the same number, gender, case, or person as.
Agree	reach agreement about
Agree	decide mutually on
Agreeable	pleasing, pleasant.
Agreeable	willing to agree.
Agreement	act or state of agreeing.
Agreement	arrangement or contract.
Agriculture	Cultivation of the soil and rearing of animals.
Agriculture	Agriculturalist
Agrimony	perennial plant with small yellow flowers.
Agronomy	Science of soil management and crop production.
Aground	On or on to the bottom of shallow water
Ague	hist. Malarial fever.
Ague	shivering fit.
Ah	In the year of the hegira (ad
Ah	22); of the muslim era.
Ah	Expressing surprise, pleasure, realization, etc.
Aha	Expressing surprise, triumph, mockery, etc.
Ahead	further forward in space or time.
Ahead	in the lead
Ahem	Used to attract attention, gain time, etc.
Ahoy	Call used in hailing.
Ai	artificial insemination.
Ai	artificial intelligence.
Aid	Artificial insemination by donor.
Aid	help.
Aid	person or thing that helps.
Aid	help.
Aid	promote
Aid	in support of.
Aid	For the purpose of
Aide	aide-de-camp.
Aide	esp. Us assistant.
Aide-de-camp	officer assisting a senior officer.
Aids	acquired immune deficiency syndrome, an often fatal viral syndrome marked by severe loss of resistance to infection.
Ail	(only in
Ail	rd person
Ail	Or indefinite constructions) trouble or afflict
Ail	be ill.
Aileron	Hinged flap on an aeroplane wing.
Ailing	ill.
Ailing	in poor condition.
Ailment	Minor illness or disorder.
Aim	intend or try; attempt
Aim	direct or point
Aim	take aim.
Aim	purpose or object.
Aim	the directing of a weapon etc. At an object.
Aimless	Without aim or purpose.
Ain't	am, is, or are not.
Ain't	have or has not.
Aimless	Without aim or purpose.
Ain't	am, is, or are not.
Ain't	have or has not.
Air	mixture mainly of oxygen and nitrogen surrounding the earth.
Air	earth's atmosphere; open space in it; this as a place for flying aircraft.
Air	a distinctive impression or manner
Air	(esp. In
Air	) Pretentiousness
Air	tune.
Air	light wind.
Air	expose
Air	To fresh air or warmth to remove damp.
Air	express and discuss publicly
Air	Prevalent.
Air	Uncertain. On
Air	the air being
Air	broadcast.
Airbase	Base for military aircraft.
Air-bed	Inflatable mattress.
Airborne	transported by air.
Airborne	in the air after taking off.
Air-brick	Perforated brick used for ventilation.
Airbus	Propr. Short-haul passenger aircraft.
Air chief marshal	Raf officer of high rank, above air marshal.
Air commodore	Raf officer next above group captain.
Air-conditioning	system for regulating the humidity, ventilation, and temperature in a building.
Air-conditioning	apparatus for this.
Aircraft	machine capable of flight, esp. An aeroplane or helicopter.
Aircraft-carrier	Warship carrying and used as a base for aircraft.
Aircraftman	Lowest rank in the raf.
Aircraftwoman	Lowest rank in the wraf.
Aircrew	Crew of an aircraft.
Air-cushion	inflatable cushion.
Air-cushion	layer of air supporting a hovercraft etc.
Airedale	Large terrier of a rough-coated breed.
Airer	Stand for airing or drying clothes etc.
Airfield	Area with runway
Airfield	for aircraft.
Air force	Branch of the armed forces fighting in the air.
Airgun	Gun using compressed air to fire pellets.
Airhead	stupid or foolish person.
Air hostess	Stewardess in a passenger aircraft.
Airless	Stuffy; still, calm.
Air letter	Sheet of light paper forming a letter for sending by airmail.
Airlift	Emergency transport of supplies etc. By air.
Airlift	Transport thus.
Airline	Public air transport system or company.
Airliner	Large passenger aircraft.
Airlock	stoppage of the flow by an air bubble in a pump or pipe.
Airlock	compartment permitting movement between areas at different pressures.
Airmail	system of transporting mail by air.
Airmail	mail carried by air.
Airman	Pilot or member of an aircraft crew, esp. In an air force.
Air marshal	Raf officer of high rank, above air vice-marshal.
Airplane	Us
Air pocket	Apparent vacuum causing an aircraft to drop suddenly.
Airport	Airfield with facilities for passengers and goods.
Air raid	Attack by aircraft on ground targets.
Air rifle	Rifle using compressed air to fire pellets.
Airs and graces	pl. Affected manner.
Airscrew	Aircraft propeller.
Airship	Power-driven aircraft lighter than air.
Airsick	Nauseous from air travel.
Airspace	Air above a country and subject to its jurisdiction.
Air speed	Aircraft's speed relative to the air.
Airstrip	Strip of ground for the take-off and landing of aircraft.
Air terminal	Building with transport to and from an airport.
Airtight	Impermeable to air.
Air traffic controller	Official who controls air traffic by radio.
Air vice-marshal	Raf officer of high rank, just below air marshal.
Airwaves	Radio waves used in broadcasting.
Airway	Recognized route of aircraft.
Airwoman	Woman pilot or member of an aircraft crew, esp. In an air force.
Airworthy	fit to fly.
Airy	well-ventilated, breezy.
Airy	flippant, superficial.
Airy	light as air.
Airy	ethereal.
Airy-fairy	Unrealistic, impractical.
Aisle	the part of a church on either side of the nave, divided from it by pillars.
Aisle	passage between rows of pews, seats, etc.
Aitch	The letter h.
Aitchbone	rump bone of an animal.
Aitchbone	cut of beef over this.
Ajar	adj.
Ajar	slightly open.
Akela	Adult leader of cub scouts.
Akimbo	with hands on the hips and elbows turned outwards.
Akin	related by blood.
Akin	similar.
Al	Aluminium.
-al	forming adjectives meaning ‘relating to, of the kind of’
-al	forming nouns, esp. Of verbal action
À la	In the manner of
Alabaster	Translucent usu. White form of gypsum, used for carving etc.
Alabaster	of alabaster.
Alabaster	white or smooth.
À la carte	With individually priced dishes.
Alacrity	Briskness; cheerful readiness.
À la mode	In fashion; fashionable.
Alarm	warning of danger etc.
Alarm	a warning sound or device.
Alarm	apprehension
Alarm	frighten or disturb.
Alarm	warn.
Alarm	Alarmingly
Alarm clock	Clock that rings at a set time.
Alarmist	Person stirring up alarm.
Alas	Expressing grief, pity, or concern.
Alb	Long white vestment worn by christian priests.
Albatross	a long-winged, stout-bodied bird related to the petrel.
Albatross	encumbrance.
Albatross	golf score of three strokes under par at any hole.
Albeit	Literary though.
Albino	person or animal lacking pigment in the skin and hair
Albino	, and the eyes
Albino	plant lacking normal colouring.
Album	book for photographs, stamps, etc.
Album	a long-playing gramophone record.
Album	set of these.
Albumen	egg-white.
Albumen	substance found between the skin and germ of many seeds, usu. The edible part.
Albumin	Water-soluble protein found in egg-white, milk, blood, etc.
Alchemy	Medieval chemistry, esp. Seeking to turn base metals into gold.
Alcohol	colourless volatile inflammable liquid, esp. As the intoxicant in wine, beer, spirits, etc., and as a solvent, fuel, etc.
Alcohol	liquor containing this.
Alcohol	chem. Any of many organic compounds containing one or more hydroxyl groups attached to carbon atoms.
Alcoholic	Of, like, containing, or caused by alcohol.
Alcoholic	Person suffering from alcoholism.
Alcoholism	Condition resulting from addiction to alcohol.
Alcove	Recess, esp. In the wall of a room.
Aldehyde	Chem. Any of a class of compounds formed by the oxidation of alcohols.
Aldehyde	Chem. Any of a class of compounds formed by the oxidation of alcohols.
Al dente	Cooked so as to be still firm when bitten.
Alder	Tree related to the birch.
Alderman	Esp. Hist. Co-opted member of an english county or borough council, next in dignity to the mayor.
Ale	Beer.
Aleatory	Depending on chance.
Alehouse	Hist. Tavern.
Alembic	hist. Apparatus formerly used in distilling.
Alembic	means of refining or extracting.
Alert	watchful, vigilant.
Alert	nimble, attentive.
Alert	warning call or alarm.
Alert	state or period of special vigilance.
Alert	warn.
Alexander technique	Technique for controlling posture as an aid to well-being.
Alexandrine	having six iambic feet.
Alexandrine	Alexandrine line.
Alfalfa	Clover-like plant used for fodder.
Alfresco	In the open air.
Alga	(usu. In
Alga	) Non-flowering stemless water-plant, esp. Seaweed and plankton.
Algebra	Branch of mathematics that uses letters etc. To represent numbers and quantities.
Algol	High-level computer programming language.
Algorithm	Process or set of rules used for calculation etc., esp. With a computer.
Alias	Also named or known as.
Alias	Assumed name.
Alibi	claim or proof that one was elsewhere when a crime etc. Was committed.
Alibi	informal excuse.
Alien	unfamiliar; unacceptable or repugnant.
Alien	foreign.
Alien	of beings from other worlds.
Alien	foreign-born resident who is not naturalized.
Alien	being from another world.
Alienable	Law able to be transferred to new ownership.
Alienate	estrange, make hostile.
Alienate	transfer ownership of.
Alight1	on fire.
Alight1	lit up; excited.
Alight2	descend from a vehicle.
Alight2	come to earth, settle.
Align	put or bring into line.
Align	ally
Align	With
Alike	(usu.
Alike	) Similar, like.
Alike	In a similar way.
Alimentary	Of or providing food or nourishment.
Alimentary canal	Passage along which food passes during digestion.
Alimony	Money payable to a spouse or former spouse after separation or divorce.
Aliphatic	Chem. Of organic compounds in which carbon atoms form open chains, not aromatic rings.
Aliquot	contained by the whole an integral number of times (4 is an aliquot part of
Aliquot	aliquot part.
Aliquot	any known fraction of a whole; sample.
Alive	(usu.
Alive	living.
Alive	lively, active.
Alive	aware of; alert.
Alive	swarming or teeming with.
Alkali	a any of a class of substances that liberate hydroxide ions in water, usu. Form caustic or corrosive solutions, turn litmus blue, and have a ph of more than
Alkali	, e.g. Caustic soda.
Alkaloid	Nitrogenous organic compound of plant origin, e.g. Morphine, quinine.
Alkane	Chem. Saturated aliphatic hydrocarbon having the general formula cnh2n+2, including methane and ethane.
Alkene	Chem. Unsaturated aliphatic hydrocarbon containing a double bond and having the general formula cnh2n, including ethylene.
Alkyne	Chem. Unsaturated aliphatic hydrocarbon containing a triple bond and having the general formula cnh2n-2, including acetylene.
All	whole amount, quantity, or extent of
All	any whatever
All	greatest possible
All	all concerned; everything
All	a the whole of
All	every one of
All	As much as
All	In a state of
All	one's whole strength or resources
All	each
All	a entirely, quite
All	as an intensifier
All	Very
All	To that, or the utmost, extent
All	Strongly in favour of. All found with board and lodging provided free. All in
All	Exhausted. All in all everything considered. All manner of every kind of. All of a sudden suddenly. All one
All	a matter of indifference. All out using all one's strength
All	: all-out effort). All over
All	completely finished.
All	in or on all parts of
All	Typically
All	effusively attentive to
All	. All right
All	satisfactory; safe and sound; in good condition.
All	satisfactorily
All	a expressing consent.
All	as an intensifier
All	. All round
All	in all respects.
All	for each person. All the same nevertheless. All there
All	Mentally alert or normal. All the time throughout
All	. All together all at once; all in one place or in a group
All	. All up with hopeless for
All	. At all (with neg. Or
All	) In any way; to any extent
All	. In all in total; altogether.
Allah	The muslim and arab name of god.
Allay	diminish
Allay	alleviate
All-clear	Signal that danger etc. Is over.
All comers	pl. Anyone who applies, takes up a challenge, etc.
Allegation	assertion, esp. Unproved.
Allegation	alleging.
Allege	declare, esp. Without proof.
Allege	advance as an argument or excuse.
Allegedly	As is alleged.
Allegiance	loyalty
Allegiance	the duty of a subject.
Allegory	story whose moral is represented symbolically.
Allegory	Allegorize
Allegretto	In a fairly brisk tempo.
Allegretto	such a passage or movement.
Allegro	In a brisk tempo.
Allegro	such a passage or movement.
Alleluia	God be praised.
Alleluia	Song or shout of praise to god.
Allen key	Propr. Spanner designed to turn an allen screw.
Allen screw	Propr. Screw with a hexagonal socket in the head.
Allergic	a having an allergy to. B
Allergic	Having a strong dislike for.
Allergic	caused by an allergy.
Allergy	adverse reaction to certain substances, esp. Particular foods, pollen, fur, or dust.
Allergy	Antipathy.
Alleviate	make
Alleviate	Less severe.
Alley	narrow street or passageway.
Alley	enclosure for skittles, bowling, etc.
Alley	walk or lane in a park etc.
Alliance	union or agreement to cooperate, esp. Of states by treaty or families by marriage.
Alliance	political coalition party.
Alliance	relationship; friendship.
Allied	associated in an alliance.
Allied	connected or related.
Alligator	Large reptile of the crocodile family with a head broader and shorter than a crocodile's.
All-in	Inclusive of all.
All-in wrestling	Wrestling with few or no restrictions.
Alliteration	Repetition of the same letter or sound at the beginning of adjacent or closely connected words
Alliteration	. Alliterative
Allocate	assign or devote to
Allot	apportion or distribute to
Allot	, esp. As a share or task
Allotment	small piece of land rented by a local authority for cultivation.
Allotment	share.
Allotment	allotting.
Allotropy	Existence of two or more different physical forms of a chemical element.
Allow	Permit.
Allow	assign a limited amount etc.
Allow	provide or set aside for a purpose; add or deduct in consideration
Allowance	amount or sum allowed, esp. Regularly for a stated purpose.
Allowance	amount allowed in reckoning.
Allowance	deduction or discount.
Allowance	consider
Allowance	make excuses for
Alloy	mixture of two or more metals.
Alloy	inferior metal mixed esp. With gold or silver.
Alloy	mix
Alloy	debase by admixture.
Alloy	moderate
All-purpose	Having many uses.
All-right	Acceptable
All-round	versatile.
All-rounder	Versatile person.
All saints' day	nov., christian festival in honour of saints.
All souls' day	nov., roman catholic festival with prayers for the souls of the dead.
Allspice	aromatic spice obtained from the berry of the pimento plant.
Allspice	the berry.
All-time	Unsurpassed.
Allude	refer to, esp. Indirectly or briefly.
Allure	attract, charm, or entice.
Allure	Attractiveness, personal charm, fascination.
Allusion	passing or indirect reference.
Alluvial	Of alluvium.
Alluvial	Alluvium, esp. Containing a precious metal.
Alleluia	God be praised.
Alleluia	Song or shout of praise to god.
Allen key	Propr. Spanner designed to turn an allen screw.
Allen screw	Propr. Screw with a hexagonal socket in the head.
Allergic	a having an allergy to. B
Allergic	Having a strong dislike for.
Allergic	caused by an allergy.
Allergy	adverse reaction to certain substances, esp. Particular foods, pollen, fur, or dust.
Allergy	Antipathy.
Alleviate	make
Alleviate	Less severe.
Alley	narrow street or passageway.
Alley	enclosure for skittles, bowling, etc.
Alley	walk or lane in a park etc.
Alliance	union or agreement to cooperate, esp. Of states by treaty or families by marriage.
Alliance	political coalition party.
Alliance	relationship; friendship.
Allied	associated in an alliance.
Allied	connected or related.
Alligator	Large reptile of the crocodile family with a head broader and shorter than a crocodile's.
All-in	Inclusive of all.
All-in wrestling	Wrestling with few or no restrictions.
Alliteration	Repetition of the same letter or sound at the beginning of adjacent or closely connected words
Alliteration	. Alliterative
Allocate	assign or devote to
Allot	apportion or distribute to
Allot	, esp. As a share or task
Allotment	small piece of land rented by a local authority for cultivation.
Allotment	share.
Allotment	allotting.
Allotropy	Existence of two or more different physical forms of a chemical element.
Allow	Permit.
Allow	assign a limited amount etc.
Allow	provide or set aside for a purpose; add or deduct in consideration
Allowance	amount or sum allowed, esp. Regularly for a stated purpose.
Allowance	amount allowed in reckoning.
Allowance	deduction or discount.
Allowance	consider
Allowance	make excuses for
Alloy	mixture of two or more metals.
Alloy	inferior metal mixed esp. With gold or silver.
Alloy	mix
Alloy	debase by admixture.
Alloy	moderate
All-purpose	Having many uses.
All-right	Acceptable
All-round	versatile.
All-rounder	Versatile person.
All saints' day	nov., christian festival in honour of saints.
All souls' day	nov., roman catholic festival with prayers for the souls of the dead.
Allspice	aromatic spice obtained from the berry of the pimento plant.
Allspice	the berry.
All-time	Unsurpassed.
Allude	refer to, esp. Indirectly or briefly.
Allure	attract, charm, or entice.
Allure	Attractiveness, personal charm, fascination.
Allusion	passing or indirect reference.
Alluvial	Of alluvium.
Alluvial	Alluvium, esp. Containing a precious metal.
Alluvial	Of alluvium.
Alluvial	Alluvium, esp. Containing a precious metal.
Alluvium	deposit of usu. Fine fertile soil left behind by a flood, esp. In a river valley.
Ally	state, person, etc., formally cooperating or united with another, esp.
Ally	in war.
Ally	Also
Ally	combine in alliance.
Alma mater	One's university, school, or college.
Almanac	calendar, usu. With astronomical data.
Almighty	having complete power.
Almighty	god.
Almighty	very great
Almond	nutlike kernel of a fruit allied to the peach and plum.
Almond	tree bearing this.
Almoner	Social worker attached to a hospital.
Almost	All but; very nearly.
Alms	pl. Hist. Donation of money or food to the poor.
Almshouse	Hist. Charitable institution for the poor.
Aloe	plant of the lily family with toothed fleshy leaves.
Aloe	(in
Aloe	strong laxative from aloe juice.
Aloft	high up, overhead.
Aloft	upwards.
Alone	without the presence or help of others.
Alone	lonely
Alone	Only, exclusively.
Along	Beside or through
Along	the length of.
Along	onward, into a more advanced state
Along	with oneself or others
Along	beside or through part or the whole length of a thing.
Alongside	At or to the side.
Alongside	Close to the side of.
Aloof	Distant, unsympathetic.
Aloof	Away, apart
Aloud	Audibly.
Alp	a high mountain.
Alp	high range of mountains in switzerland and adjoining countries.
Alp	pasture land on a swiss mountainside.
Alpaca	shaggy s. American mammal related to the llama.
Alpaca	its wool; fabric made from this.
Alpha	first letter of the greek alphabet
Alpha	first-class mark for a piece of work etc.
Alphabet	set of letters used in writing a language.
Alphabet	symbols or signs for these.
Alphanumeric	Containing both letters and numbers.
Alpha particle	Helium nucleus emitted by a radioactive substance.
Alpine	Of mountainous regions or
Alpine	the alps.
Alpine	plant growing in mountainous regions.
Already	before the time in question
Already	as early or as soon as this
Alright	= all right
Alsatian	Large dog of a breed of wolfhound
Also	In addition, besides.
Also-ran	loser in a race.
Also-ran	undistinguished person.
Altar	table or flat block for sacrifice or offering to a deity.
Altar	communion table.
Altarpiece	Painting etc. Above or behind an altar.
Alter	Make or become different; change.
Altercate	dispute, wrangle.
Alter ego	one's hidden or second self.
Alter ego	intimate friend.
Alter ego	one's hidden or second self.
Alter ego	intimate friend.
Alternate	occur or cause to occur by turns.
Alternate	go repeatedly from one to another
Alternate	(with noun in
Alternate	) Every other
Alternate	alternating
Alternate	Alternation
Alternate angles	pl. Two angles formed alternately on two sides of a line.
Alternating current	Electric current reversing its direction at regular intervals.
Alternative	available as another choice
Alternative	unconventional
Alternative	any of two or more possibilities.
Alternative	choice
Alternator	Dynamo that generates an alternating current.
Altimeter	Instrument indicating altitude reached.
Altitude	Height, esp. Of an object above sea level or above the horizon.
Alto	a highest adult male singing-voice, above tenor.
Alto	singer with this voice.
Alto	instrument pitched second- or third-highest in its family.
Altogether	totally, completely.
Altogether	on the whole.
Altogether	in total.
Altogether	Naked.
Altruism	Unselfishness as a principle of action.
Altruism	Altruistic
Alum	Double sulphate of aluminium and potassium.
Alumina	Aluminium oxide occurring naturally as corundum and emery.
Aluminium	silvery light and malleable metallic element resistant to tarnishing by air.
Aluminize	coat with aluminium.
Aluminum	silvery light and malleable metallic element resistant to tarnishing by air.
Alumnus	(pl. Alumni; fem. Alumna,
Alumnus	Alumnae) former pupil or student.
Always	at all times; on all occasions.
Always	whatever the circumstances.
Always	repeatedly, often.
Alyssum	Plant with small usu. Yellow or white flowers.
Alzheimer's disease	Brain disorder causing senility.
Am	Amplitude modulation.
Am	Americium.
Am	st person sing. Present of *be.
A.m.	Before noon.
Amalgam	mixture or blend.
Amalgam	alloy of mercury and another metal, used esp. In dentistry.
Amalgamate	mix, unite.
Amalgamate	alloy with mercury.
Amanuensis	literary assistant, esp. Writing from dictation.
Amaranth	plant with small green, red, or purple tinted flowers.
Amaranth	imaginary unfading flower.
Amaranth	purple colour.
Amaryllis	Bulbous plant with lily-like flowers.
Amass	Heap together; accumulate.
Amateur	Person who engages in a pursuit as a pastime rather than a profession, or performs with limited skill.
Amateur	Amateurism
Amatory	Of sexual love.
Amatory	Of sexual love.
Amaze	surprise greatly, fill with wonder.
Amaze	Amazing
Amazon	female warrior of a mythical race in the black sea area.
Amazon	large, strong, or athletic woman.
Ambassador	diplomat sent to live abroad to represent his or her country's interests.
Ambassador	promoter
Amber	a yellow translucent fossilized resin used in jewellery.
Amber	colour of this.
Amber	yellow traffic-light meaning caution.
Amber	Of or like amber.
Ambergris	Waxlike secretion of the sperm whale, found floating in tropical seas and used in perfumes.
Ambidextrous	Able to use either hand equally well.
Ambience	Surroundings or atmosphere.
Ambient	Surrounding.
Ambiguous	having an obscure or double meaning.
Ambiguous	difficult to classify.
Ambit	Scope, extent, or bounds.
Ambition	determination to succeed.
Ambition	object of this.
Ambitious	full of ambition or high aims.
Ambitious	Strongly determined.
Ambivalence	Coexistence of opposing feelings.
Amble	move at an easy pace.
Amble	Such a pace.
Ambrosia	the food of the gods.
Ambrosia	sublimely delicious food etc.
Ambulance	vehicle equipped for conveying patients to hospital.
Ambulance	mobile hospital serving an army.
Ambulatory	of or for walking.
Ambulatory	movable.
Ambulatory	arcade or cloister.
Ambush	surprise attack by persons hiding.
Ambush	hiding-place for this.
Ambush	Attack from an ambush; waylay.
Ameliorate	make or become better.
Ameliorate	Ameliorative
Amen	So be it.
Amenable	responsive, docile.
Amenable	answerable to law etc.
Amend	make minor alterations in to improve.
Amend	correct an error in
Amendment	Minor alteration or addition in a document, resolution, etc.
Amenity	pleasant or useful feature or facility.
Amenity	pleasantness
American	Of america, esp. The united states.
American	native, citizen, or inhabitant of america, esp. The us.
American	english as used in the us.
American dream	Ideal of democracy and prosperity.
American football	Football evolved from rugby.
Americanism	Word etc. Of us origin or usage.
Americium	Artificial radioactive metallic element.
Amethyst	Semiprecious stone of a violet or purple variety of quartz.
Amharic	Official and commercial language of ethiopia.
Amharic	Of this language.
Amiable	friendly and pleasant, likeable.
Amiable	friendly and pleasant, likeable.
Amicable	Friendly.
Amid	In the middle of, among.
Amidships	In or into the middle of a ship.
Amine	Compound formed from ammonia by replacement of one or more hydrogen atoms by an organic radical or radicals.
Amino acid	Biochem. Any of a group of nitrogenous organic acids occurring naturally in plant and animal tissues and forming the basic constituents of proteins.
Amiss	Wrong, out of order.
Amiss	Wrong
Amiss	, inappropriately
Amity	Friendship.
Ammeter	Instrument for measuring electric current in amperes.
Ammo	ammunition.
Ammonia	pungent strongly alkaline gas.
Ammonia	solution of ammonia in water.
Ammonite	Coil-shaped fossil shell.
Ammunition	supply of bullets, shells, grenades, etc.
Ammunition	information usable in an argument.
Amnesia	Loss of memory.
Amnesty	general pardon, esp. For political offences.
Amnesty	grant an amnesty to.
Amniocentesis	sampling of amniotic fluid to detect foetal abnormality.
Amnion	innermost membrane enclosing an embryo.
Amoeba	microscopic aquatic amorphous one-celled organism.
Among	surrounded by, with
Among	included in
Among	in the category of
Among	a between; shared by
Among	from the joint resources of
Among	with one another
Amoral	beyond morality.
Amoral	without moral principles.
Amorous	Of, showing, or feeling sexual love.
Amorphous	of no definite shape.
Amorphous	vague.
Amorphous	mineral.
Amorphous	chem. Non-crystalline.
Amortize	gradually extinguish
Amortize	by regular instalments.
Amount	Quantity, esp.
Amount	total in number, size, value, extent, etc.
Amount	be equivalent to in number, significance, etc.
Amour	love affair.
Amour propre	Self-respect.
Amp1	Ampere.
Amp2	Amplifier.
Ampelopsis	climbing plant related to the vine.
Amperage	Strength of an electric current in amperes.
Ampere	Si base unit of electric current.
Ampersand	The sign ‘&’
Amphetamine	Synthetic drug used esp. As a stimulant.
Amphibian	Of a class of vertebrates
Amphibian	with an aquatic larval stage followed by a terrestrial adult stage.
Amphibian	vertebrate of this class.
Amphibian	vehicle able to operate both on land and in water.
Amphibious	living or operating on land and in water.
Amphibious	involving military forces landed from the sea.
Amphitheatre	Esp. Circular unroofed building with tiers of seats surrounding a central space.
Amphitheatre	Esp. Circular unroofed building with tiers of seats surrounding a central space.
Amphora	narrow-necked greek or roman vessel with two handles.
Ample	a plentiful, abundant, extensive.
Ample	euphem. Large, stout.
Ample	more than enough.
Amplifier	Electronic device for increasing the strength of electrical signals, esp. For conversion into sound.
Amplify	increase the strength of
Amplify	add detail to, expand
Amplitude	maximum departure from average of an oscillation, alternating current, etc.
Amplitude	spaciousness; abundance.
Amplitude modulation	Modulation of a wave by variation of its amplitude.
Ampoule	Small sealed capsule holding a solution for injection.
Ampulla	roman globular flask with two handles.
Ampulla	ecclesiastical vessel.
Amputate	cut off surgically
Amputate	Amputee
Amulet	Charm worn against evil.
Amuse	cause to laugh or smile.
Amuse	interest or occupy.
Amusement	thing that amuses.
Amusement	being amused.
Amusement	mechanical device (e.g.
Amusement	roundabout) for entertainment at a fairground etc.
Amusement arcade	Indoor area with slot-machines.
-an	forming adjectives and nouns, esp. From names of places, systems, classes, etc.
Anabaptist	Member of a religious group believing in baptism only of adults.
Anabolic steroid	Synthetic steroid hormone used to increase muscle size.
Anabolism	Synthesis of complex molecules in living organisms from simpler ones together with the storage of energy.
Anachronism	a attribution of a custom, event, etc., to the wrong period.
Anachronism	thing thus attributed.
Anachronism	out-of-date person or thing.
Anaconda	Large non-poisonous snake killing its prey by constriction.
Anaemia	deficiency of red blood cells or their haemoglobin, causing pallor and weariness.
Anaemic	of or suffering from anaemia.
Anaemic	pale, listless.
Anaesthesia	absence of sensation, esp. Artificially induced before surgery.
Anaesthetic	Substance producing anaesthesia.
Anaesthetic	Producing anaesthesia.
Anaesthetist	specialist in the administration of anaesthetics.
Anaesthetize	administer an anaesthetic to.
Anagram	Word or phrase formed by transposing the letters of another.
Anal	Of the anus.
Analgesia	Absence or relief of pain.
Analgesic	Relieving pain.
Analgesic	Analgesic drug.
Analog	analogous thing.
Analog	Using physical variables, e.g. Voltage, to represent numbers
Analogize	use, or represent or explain by, analogy.
Analogous	partially similar or parallel.
Analogue	analogous thing.
Analogue	Using physical variables, e.g. Voltage, to represent numbers
Analogy	correspondence; partial similarity.
Analogy	arguing or reasoning from parallel cases.
Analogy	correspondence; partial similarity.
Analogy	arguing or reasoning from parallel cases.
Analyse	examine in detail; ascertain the constituents of
Analyse	psychoanalyse.
Analysis	a detailed examination of elements or structure.
Analysis	statement of the result of this.
Analysis	chem. Determination of the constituent parts of a mixture or compound.
Analysis	psychoanalysis.
Analyst	person skilled in
Analyst	analysis.
Analyst	psychoanalyst.
Analytical	of or using analysis.
Analyze	examine in detail; ascertain the constituents of
Analyze	psychoanalyse.
Anapaest	Metrical foot consisting of two short syllables followed by one long syllable
Anarchism	Political theory that all government and laws should be abolished.
Anarchist	Advocate of anarchism.
Anarchy	Disorder, esp. Political.
Anathema	detested thing
Anathema	ecclesiastical curse.
Anathematize	curse.
Anatomy	science of animal or plant structure.
Anatomy	such a structure.
Anatomy	analysis.
Anatomy	Anatomist
Anc	African national congress.
-ance	forming nouns expressing:
-ance	quality or state or an instance of one
-ance	action
Ancestor	person, animal, or plant from which another has descended or evolved.
Ancestor	prototype or forerunner.
Ancestral	Belonging to or inherited from one's ancestors.
Ancestry	family descent, lineage.
Ancestry	ancestors collectively.
Anchor	heavy metal weight used to moor a ship or a balloon.
Anchor	stabilizing thing.
Anchor	secure with an anchor.
Anchor	fix firmly.
Anchor	cast anchor.
Anchor	be moored by an anchor.
Anchorage	place for anchoring.
Anchorage	anchoring or lying at anchor.
Anchorite	Hermit; religious recluse.
Anchorman	Coordinator, esp. As compère in a broadcast.
Anchovy	small strong-flavoured fish of the herring family.
Ancien régime	political and social system of pre-revolutionary (before
Ancien régime	787) france.
Ancien régime	any superseded regime.
Ancient	of long ago, esp. Before the fall of the roman empire in the west.
Ancient	having lived or existed long.
Ancillary	providing essential support.
Ancillary	subordinate, subservient.
Ancillary	ancillary worker.
Ancillary	auxiliary or accessory.
-ancy	forming nouns denoting a quality
-ancy	or state
And	a connecting words, clauses, or sentences, to be taken jointly
And	implying progression
And	implying causation
And	implying great duration
And	implying a great number
And	implying addition
And	implying variety
And	To
And	in relation to
Andante	In a moderately slow tempo.
Andante	Such a passage or movement.
Andiron	Metal stand
Andiron	for supporting logs in a fireplace.
Andiron	Metal stand
Andiron	for supporting logs in a fireplace.
Androgynous	hermaphrodite.
Androgynous	bot. With stamens and pistils in the same flower.
Android	Robot with a human appearance.
Anecdote	Short, esp. True, account or story.
Anemia	deficiency of red blood cells or their haemoglobin, causing pallor and weariness.
Anemic	of or suffering from anemia.
Anemic	pale, listless.
Anemometer	Instrument for measuring wind force.
Anemone	Plant of the buttercup family, with vividly-coloured flowers.
Aneroid	measuring air-pressure by its action on the lid of a box containing a vacuum.
Aneroid	Aneroid barometer.
Anesthesia	absence of sensation, esp. Artificially induced before surgery.
Anesthetic	—n. Substance producing anesthesia.
Anesthetic	producing anesthesia
Aneurysm	excessive localized enlargement of an artery.
Anew	again.
Anew	in a different way.
Angel	a attendant or messenger of god.
Angel	representation of this in human form with wings.
Angel	virtuous or obliging person.
Angel	financial backer of a play etc.
Angel cake	Light sponge cake.
Angel-fish	Fish with winglike fins.
Angelic	Of or like an angel.
Angelica	Aromatic plant or its candied stalks.
Angelus	roman catholic prayers commemorating the incarnation, said at morning, noon, and sunset.
Angelus	bell announcing this.
Anger	Extreme or passionate displeasure.
Anger	Make angry.
Angina	chest pain brought on by exertion, caused by an inadequate blood supply to the heart.
Angiosperm	Plant producing flowers and reproducing by seeds enclosed within a carpel, including herbaceous plants, grasses, and most trees.
Angle	(usu. In
Angle	) Member of a
Angle	German tribe that settled in e. Britain in the
Angle	th c.
Angle1	space between two meeting lines or surfaces, esp. As measured in degrees.
Angle1	corner.
Angle1	point of view.
Angle1	move or place obliquely.
Angle1	present
Angle1	in a biased way.
Angle2	fish with hook and line.
Angle2	seek an objective indirectly
Anglican	Of the church of england.
Anglican	Member of the anglican church.
Anglicism	Peculiarly english word or custom.
Anglicize	make english in character etc.
Anglo-	Form
Anglo-	english.
Anglo-	of english origin.
Anglo-	english or british and.
Anglo-catholic	Of a high church anglican wing emphasizing its catholic tradition.
Anglo-catholic	Member of this group.
Anglo-french	English
Anglo-french	and french.
Anglo-french	French language as developed in england after the norman conquest.
Anglo-indian	of england and india.
Anglo-indian	of british descent but indian residence.
Anglo-indian	Anglo-indian person.
Anglo-norman	English and norman.
Anglo-norman	Norman dialect used in england after the norman conquest.
Anglophile	Person who greatly admires england or the english.
Anglo-saxon	of the english saxons before the norman conquest.
Anglo-saxon	of english descent.
Anglo-saxon	anglo-saxon person.
Anglo-saxon	old english.
Anglo-saxon	Plain
Anglo-saxon	english.
Angora	fabric or wool from the hair of the angora goat or rabbit.
Angora	long-haired variety of cat, goat, or rabbit.
Angostura	Aromatic bitter bark used as a flavouring.
Angry	feeling, showing, or suggesting anger
Angry	Inflamed, painful.
Angst	Anxiety, neurotic fear; guilt, remorse.
Angstrom	Unit of length equal to
Angstrom	0-10 metre.
Anguish	severe mental suffering.
Anguish	pain, agony.
Angular	having sharp corners or
Angular	features.
Angular	forming an angle.
Angular	measured by angle
Anhydrous	Chem. Without water, esp. Water of crystallization.
Aniline	Colourless oily liquid used in making dyes, drugs, and plastics.
Animadvert	literary criticize, censure.
Animal	living organism, esp. Other than man, which feeds and usu. Has sense-organs and a nervous system and can move quickly.
Animal	brutish person.
Animal	of or like an animal.
Animal	bestial; carnal.
Animalism	nature and activity of animals.
Animalism	belief that humans are mere animals.
Animality	the animal world.
Animality	animal behaviour.
Animalize	make
Animalize	bestial, sensualize.
Animate	having life.
Animate	lively.
Animate	enliven.
Animate	give life to.
Animated	lively, vigorous.
Animated	having life.
Animated	Using animation.
Animation	vivacity, ardour.
Animation	being alive.
Animation	technique of producing a moving picture from a sequence of drawings or puppet poses etc.
Animism	Belief that inanimate and natural phenomena have souls.
Animism	Animistic
Animosity	spirit or feeling of hostility.
Animus	Animosity, ill feeling.
Anion	Negatively charged ion.
Anise	Plant with aromatic seeds.
Aniseed	Seed of the anise, used for flavouring.
Ankle	joint connecting the foot with the leg.
Ankle	this part of the leg.
Anklet	Ornament or fetter worn round the ankle.
Ankylosis	Stiffening of a joint by fusion of the bones.
Annals	narrative of events year by year.
Annals	historical records.
Annatto	orange-red dye from the pulp of a tropical fruit, used for colouring foods.
Anneal	Heat
Anneal	and cool slowly, esp. To toughen it.
Annelid	Segmented worm, e.g. The earthworm.
Annex	add as a subordinate part.
Annex	incorporate
Annex	into one's own.
Annex	add as a condition or consequence.
Annex	Take without right.
Annexe	separate or added building.
Annexe	addition to a document.
Annihilate	completely destroy or defeat.
Anniversary	date of an event in a previous year.
Anniversary	celebration of this.
Anno domini	Years after christ's birth.
Annotate	add explanatory notes to.
Announce	make publicly known.
Announce	make known the arrival or imminence of
Announce	be a sign of.
Announcer	Person who announces, esp. In broadcasting.
Annoy	anger or distress slightly
Annoy	molest, harass.
Annual	reckoned by the year.
Annual	occurring yearly.
Annual	living or lasting
Annual	a year.
Annual	book etc. Published yearly.
Annual	plant that lives only a year.
Annualized	Calculated on an annual basis, as a projection from figures obtained for a shorter period.
Annuity	yearly grant or allowance.
Annuity	investment yielding a fixed annual sum.
Annul	declare invalid.
Annul	cancel, abolish.
Annular	Ring-shaped.
Annular eclipse	Solar eclipse in which a ring of light remains visible.
Annulate	Marked with or formed of rings.
Annunciation	announcement, esp.
Annunciation	that made by the angel gabriel to mary.
Annunciation	festival of this.
Anode	Positive electrode in an electrolytic cell etc.
Anodize	coat
Anodize	with a protective layer by electrolysis.
Anodyne	pain-relieving.
Anodyne	mentally soothing.
Anodyne	Anodyne drug etc.
Anoint	apply oil or ointment to, esp. Ritually.
Anoint	smear.
Anomalous	Irregular, deviant, abnormal.
Anomaly	anomalous thing; irregularity.
Anon	soon, shortly.
Anon.	Anonymous.
Anonymous	of unknown name or authorship.
Anonymous	without character; featureless.
Anorak	Waterproof usu. Hooded jacket.
Anorexia	Lack of appetite, esp.
Anorexia	an obsessive desire to lose weight by refusing to eat.
Another	an additional; one more
Another	person like
Another	a different
Another	some other
Another	Additional, other, or different person or thing.
Answer	something said or done in reaction to a question, statement, or circumstance.
Answer	solution to a problem.
Answer	make an answer or response
Answer	suit
Answer	be responsible
Answer	correspond, esp. To a description.
Answerable	responsible
Answerable	that can be answered.
Answering machine	Tape recorder which answers telephone calls and takes messages.
Ant	Small usu. Wingless insect living in complex social colonies and proverbial for industry.
-ant	forming adjectives denoting attribution of an action
-ant	or state
-ant	forming agent nouns
Antacid	Preventing or correcting acidity.
Antacid	Antacid agent.
Antagonism	Active hostility.
Antagonist	Opponent or adversary.
Antagonize	make hostile; provoke.
Antarctic	Of the south polar regions.
Antarctic	This region.
Antarctic circle	Parallel of latitude
Antarctic circle	2´ s., forming an imaginary line round the antarctic region.
Ante	stake put up by a player in poker etc. Before receiving cards.
Ante	amount payable in advance.
Ante	put up as an ante.
Ante	us a bet, stake.
Ante	pay.
Ante- 	before, preceding.
Anteater	Any of various mammals feeding on ants and termites.
Antecedent	preceding thing or circumstance.
Antecedent	Word or phrase etc. To which another word (esp.
Antecedent	relative pronoun) refers.
Antecedent	(in
Antecedent	) Person's past history or ancestors.
Antecedent	Previous.
Antechamber	Ante-room.
Antedate	precede in time.
Antedate	assign an earlier than actual date to.
Antediluvian	of the time before the flood.
Antediluvian	Very old or out of date.
Antelope	swift-moving deerlike ruminant, e.g. The gazelle and gnu.
Antenatal	before birth.
Antenatal	of pregnancy.
Antenna	each of a pair of feelers on the heads of insects, crustaceans, etc.
Antepenultimate	Last but two.
Ante-post	done at odds determined at the time of betting, in advance of the event concerned.
Anterior	nearer the front.
Anterior	prior.
Ante-room	Small room leading to a main one.
Anthem	elaborate choral composition usu. Based on a passage of scripture.
Anthem	solemn hymn of praise etc., esp.
Anther	Part of a stamen containing pollen.
Anthill	Moundlike nest built by ants or termites.
Anthology	collection of poems, essays, stories, etc.
Anthracite	Hard type of coal burning with little flame and smoke.
Anthrax	Disease of sheep and cattle transmissible to humans.
Anthropocentric	Regarding mankind as the centre of existence.
Anthropoid	Human in form.
Anthropoid	Anthropoid ape.
Anthropology	The study of mankind, esp. Its societies and customs.
Anthropology	Anthropologist
Anthropomorphism	Attribution of human characteristics to a god, animal, or thing.
Anthropomorphous	Human in form.
Anti	Opposed to.
Anti	person opposed to a policy etc.
Anti- 	opposed to
Anti- 	preventing
Anti- 	opposite of
Anti- 	unconventional
Anti-abortion	Opposing abortion.
Anti-aircraft	used to attack enemy aircraft.
Antibiotic	Substance
Antibiotic	that can inhibit or destroy susceptible micro-organisms.
Antibiotic	Functioning as an antibiotic.
Antibody	a blood protein produced in response to and then counteracting antigens.
Antic	(usu. In
Antic	) Foolish behaviour or action.
Antichrist	Enemy of christ.
Anticipate	deal with or use before the proper time.
Anticipate	expect, foresee
Anticipate	forestall
Anticipate	look forward to.
Anticipate	Anticipatory
Anticlerical	Opposed to clerical influence, esp. In politics.
Anticlimax	Disappointingly trivial conclusion to something significant.
Anticlockwise	Moving in a curve opposite in direction to the hands of a clock.
Anticyclone	System of winds rotating outwards from an area of high pressure, producing fine weather.
Antidepressant	Drug etc. That alleviates depression.
Antidepressant	Alleviating depression.
Antidote	medicine etc. Used to counteract poison.
Antidote	anything counteracting something unpleasant.
Antifreeze	Substance added to water to lower its freezing point, esp. In a vehicle's radiator.
Antigen	Foreign substance
Antigen	which causes the body to produce antibodies.
Anti-hero	central character in a story, lacking conventional heroic qualities.
Antihistamine	Drug that counteracts the effects of histamine, used esp. In treating allergies.
Antiknock	Substance added to motor fuel to prevent premature combustion.
Anti-lock	set up so as to prevent locking and skidding when applied suddenly.
Antilogarithm	Number to which a logarithm belongs.
Antimacassar	Detachable protective cloth for the back of a chair etc.
Antimatter	Matter composed solely of antiparticles.
Antimony	Brittle silvery metallic element used esp. In alloys.
Antinomian	Believing that christians need not obey the moral law.
Antinomian	hist. Person believing this.
Antinomy	contradiction between two reasonable beliefs or conclusions.
Antinovel	Novel avoiding the conventions of the form.
Anti-nuclear	Opposed to the development of nuclear weapons or power.
Antiparticle	Elementary particle with the same mass but opposite charge etc. To another particle.
Antipathy	strong aversion or dislike.
Antiperspirant	Substance preventing or reducing perspiration.
Antiphon	hymn sung alternately by two groups.
Antiphon	versicle or phrase from this.
Antipodes	pl. Places diametrically opposite to one another on the earth, esp.
Antipodes	australasia in relation to europe.
Antipope	Pope set up in opposition to one chosen by canon law.
Antipyretic	Preventing or reducing fever.
Antipyretic	Antipyretic drug.
Antiquarian	Of or dealing in antiques or rare books.
Antiquarian	Antiquary.
Antiquary	student or collector of antiques etc.
Antiquated	Old-fashioned.
Antique	Old object, esp.
Antique	piece of furniture, of high value.
Antique	of or from an early date.
Antique	old-fashioned.
Antiquity	ancient times, esp. Before the middle ages.
Antiquity	great age.
Antiquity	(usu. In
Antiquity	) Relics from ancient times.
Antirrhinum	Plant with two-lipped flowers, esp. The snapdragon.
Anti-semite	Person who is prejudiced against jews.
Anti-semite	Anti-semitism
Antiseptic	counteracting sepsis, esp. By destroying germs.
Antiseptic	sterile, uncontaminated.
Antiseptic	lacking character.
Antiseptic	Antiseptic agent.
Antiserum	Serum with a high antibody content.
Antisocial	opposed or harmful to society.
Antisocial	not sociable.
Antistatic	Counteracting the effects of static electricity.
Anti-tank	Used against tanks.
Antitetanus	Effective against tetanus.
Antithesis	direct opposite.
Antithesis	contrast.
Antithesis	rhetorical use of strongly contrasted words.
Antitoxin	Antibody counteracting a toxin.
Antitrades	pl. Winds blowing in the opposite direction to
Antitrades	trade winds.
Antiviral	Effective against viruses.
Antler	Branched horn of a stag or other deer.
Antonym	Word opposite in meaning to another.
Antrum	natural cavity in the body, esp. In a bone.
Anus	excretory opening at the end of the alimentary canal.
Anvil	Iron block on which metals are worked.
Anxiety	being anxious.
Anxiety	worry or concern.
Anxiety	eagerness, troubled desire.
Anxious	mentally troubled.
Anxious	causing or marked by anxiety
Anxious	eager, uneasily wanting
Any	a one, no matter which, of several
Any	some, no matter how much or many or of what sort
Any	a minimal amount of
Any	whichever is chosen
Any	an appreciable or significant
Any	any one
Any	any number or amount
Any	(usu. With neg. Or
Any	) At all
Anybody	any person.
Anybody	person of importance
Anyhow	anyway.
Anyhow	in a disorderly manner or state
Anyone	Anybody.
Anything	Any thing; thing of any sort.
Anyway	in any way or manner.
Anyway	at any rate.
Anyway	to resume
Anywhere	In or to any place.
Anywhere	Any place
Aob	Any other business.
Aorta	main artery, giving rise to the arterial network carrying oxygenated blood to the body from the heart.
Apace	Literary swiftly.
Apache	Member of a
Apache	American indian tribe.
Apart	separately, not together
Apart	into pieces
Apart	to or on one side.
Apart	to or at a distance.
Apart	excepting, not considering.
Apart	in addition to
Apartheid	racial segregation or discrimination.
Apartment	(in
Apartment	) Suite of rooms.
Apartment	single room.
Apartment	us flat.
Apathy	Lack of interest; indifference.
Ape	tailless monkey-like primate, e.g. The gorilla, chimpanzee, orang-utan, or gibbon.
Ape	imitator.
Ape	imitate, mimic.
Apeman	Extinct primate held to be the forerunner of present-day man.
Aperient	Laxative.
Aperient	Laxative medicine.
Aperitif	Alcoholic drink taken before a meal.
Aperture	Opening or gap, esp.
Aperture	variable opening in a camera for admitting light.
Apex	(often
Apex	) System of reduced fares for scheduled flights.
Apex	highest point.
Apex	tip or pointed end.
Aphasia	Loss of verbal understanding or expression, owing to brain damage.
Aphelion	point in a celestial body's orbit where it is furthest from the sun.
Aphid	Small insect infesting and damaging plants, e.g. The greenfly.
Antitrades	pl. Winds blowing in the opposite direction to
Antitrades	trade winds.
Antiviral	Effective against viruses.
Antler	Branched horn of a stag or other deer.
Antonym	Word opposite in meaning to another.
Antrum	natural cavity in the body, esp. In a bone.
Anus	excretory opening at the end of the alimentary canal.
Anvil	Iron block on which metals are worked.
Anxiety	being anxious.
Anxiety	worry or concern.
Anxiety	eagerness, troubled desire.
Anxious	mentally troubled.
Anxious	causing or marked by anxiety
Anxious	eager, uneasily wanting
Any	a one, no matter which, of several
Any	some, no matter how much or many or of what sort
Any	a minimal amount of
Any	whichever is chosen
Any	an appreciable or significant
Any	any one
Any	any number or amount
Any	(usu. With neg. Or
Any	) At all
Anybody	any person.
Anybody	person of importance
Anyhow	anyway.
Anyhow	in a disorderly manner or state
Anyone	Anybody.
Anything	Any thing; thing of any sort.
Anyway	in any way or manner.
Anyway	at any rate.
Anyway	to resume
Anywhere	In or to any place.
Anywhere	Any place
Aob	Any other business.
Aorta	main artery, giving rise to the arterial network carrying oxygenated blood to the body from the heart.
Apace	Literary swiftly.
Apache	Member of a
Apache	American indian tribe.
Apart	separately, not together
Apart	into pieces
Apart	to or on one side.
Apart	to or at a distance.
Apart	excepting, not considering.
Apart	in addition to
Apartheid	racial segregation or discrimination.
Apartment	(in
Apartment	) Suite of rooms.
Apartment	single room.
Apartment	us flat.
Apathy	Lack of interest; indifference.
Ape	tailless monkey-like primate, e.g. The gorilla, chimpanzee, orang-utan, or gibbon.
Ape	imitator.
Ape	imitate, mimic.
Apeman	Extinct primate held to be the forerunner of present-day man.
Aperient	Laxative.
Aperient	Laxative medicine.
Aperitif	Alcoholic drink taken before a meal.
Aperture	Opening or gap, esp.
Aperture	variable opening in a camera for admitting light.
Apex	(often
Apex	) System of reduced fares for scheduled flights.
Apex	highest point.
Apex	tip or pointed end.
Aphasia	Loss of verbal understanding or expression, owing to brain damage.
Aphelion	point in a celestial body's orbit where it is furthest from the sun.
Aphid	Small insect infesting and damaging plants, e.g. The greenfly.
Aphis	aphid.
Aphorism	Short pithy maxim.
Aphorism	Short pithy maxim.
Aphrodisiac	Arousing sexual desire.
Aphrodisiac	Aphrodisiac substance.
Apiary	place where bees are kept.
Apical	Of, at, or forming an apex.
Apiculture	Bee-keeping.
Apiece	For each one; severally
Apish	of or like an ape.
Apish	foolishly imitating.
Aplomb	Skilful self-assurance.
Apocalypse	violent or destructive event.
Apocalypse	revelation, the last book of the new testament.
Apocalypse	revelation, esp. About the end of the world.
Apocrypha	books included in the septuagint and vulgate versions of the old testament but not in the hebrew bible.
Apocrypha	writings etc. Not considered genuine.
Apocryphal	Of doubtful authenticity.
Apogee	highest point; climax.
Apogee	point in a celestial body's orbit where it is furthest from the earth.
Apolitical	Not interested in or concerned with politics.
Apologetic	showing or expressing regret.
Apologetic	of apologetics.
Apologetic	(usu. In
Apologetic	) Reasoned defence, esp. Of christianity.
Apologia	Formal defence of opinions or conduct.
Apologist	Person who defends something by argument.
Apologize	make an apology, express regret.
Apology	statement of regret for an offence or failure.
Apology	explanation or defence.
Apology	poor specimen of.
Apoplectic	of or causing apoplexy.
Apoplectic	Enraged.
Apoplexy	Sudden paralysis caused by blockage or rupture of a brain artery; stroke.
Apostasy	renunciation of a belief or faith, abandoning of principles, etc.
Apostate	Person who renounces a former belief etc.
A posteriori	proceeding from effects to causes; inductive.
A posteriori	Inductively.
Apostle	any of the twelve men sent out by christ to preach the gospel.
Apostle	leader, esp. Of a new movement.
Apostolate	position or authority of an apostle.
Apostolate	leadership in reform.
Apostolic	of the apostles or their teaching.
Apostolic	of the pope.
Apostolic succession	Supposed uninterrupted transmission of spiritual authority from the apostles through popes and bishops.
Apostrophe	punctuation mark
Apostrophe	indicating: a omission of letters or numbers
Apostrophe	possessive case
Apostrophe	exclamatory passage addressed to
Apostrophe	person or thing.
Apostrophe	(in sense
Apothecaries' measure	units formerly used in pharmacy.
Apothecary	dispensing chemist.
Apotheosis	elevation to divine status, deification.
Apotheosis	glorification of a thing; sublime example
Appal	greatly dismay or horrify.
Appal	(as appalling
Appal	Very bad, shocking.
Apparatus	equipment for a particular function, esp. Scientific or technical.
Apparatus	political or other complex organization.
Apparel	Formal clothing, dress.
Apparent	readily visible; obvious.
Apparent	seeming.
Apparent	readily visible; obvious.
Apparent	seeming.
Apparition	Remarkable or unexpected thing that appears; ghost or phantom.
Appeal	request earnestly or formally; plead.
Appeal	attract, be of interest.
Appeal	resort to for support.
Appeal	law a
Appeal	apply
Appeal	for reconsideration of a legal decision.
Appeal	refer
Appeal	to a higher court.
Appeal	cricket call on the umpire to declare whether a batsman is out.
Appeal	act of appealing.
Appeal	request for public support, esp. Financial.
Appeal	law referral of a case to a higher court.
Appeal	attractiveness.
Appear	become or be visible.
Appear	seem
Appear	present oneself publicly or formally.
Appear	be published.
Appearance	act of appearing.
Appearance	outward form as perceived
Appearance	semblance.
Appease	make calm or quiet, esp. Conciliate
Appease	by making concessions.
Appease	satisfy
Appellant	Person who appeals to a higher court.
Appellate	concerned with appeals.
Appellation	Formal name or title; nomenclature.
Appellative	naming.
Appellative	designating a class, common.
Append	attach, affix, add, esp. To a written document.
Appendage	Thing attached; addition.
Appendectomy	surgical removal of the appendix.
Appendicitis	Inflammation of the appendix.
Appendix	tissue forming a tube-shaped sac attached to the large intestine.
Appendix	addition to a book etc.
Appertain	relate, belong, or be appropriate.
Appetite	natural craving, esp. For food or sexual activity.
Appetite	inclination or desire.
Appetizer	small amount, esp. Of food or drink, to stimulate the appetite.
Appetizing	stimulating the appetite, esp. For food; tasty.
Applaud	express strong approval, esp. By clapping.
Applaud	commend, approve
Applause	approval shown by clapping the hands.
Applause	warm approval.
Apple	roundish firm fruit with crisp flesh.
Apple	tree bearing this.
Apple-pie bed	Bed made
Apple-pie bed	with sheets folded so as to prevent a person lying flat.
Apple-pie order	Extreme neatness.
Appliance	Device etc. For a specific task.
Applicable	that may be applied; relevant; appropriate.
Applicant	Person who applies for something, esp.
Applicant	job.
Application	formal request.
Application	act of applying.
Application	substance applied.
Application	a relevance.
Application	use
Application	diligence.
Applicator	Device for applying ointment etc.
Applied	Practical, not merely theoretical
Appliqué	Cutting out of fabric patterns and attaching them to another fabric.
Appliqué	decorate with appliqué.
Apply	Formally request.
Apply	be relevant.
Apply	a make use of; employ
Apply	operate
Apply	put or spread on.
Apply	refl.
Apply	devote oneself.
Apply	Formally request.
Apply	be relevant.
Apply	a make use of; employ
Apply	operate
Apply	put or spread on.
Apply	refl.
Apply	devote oneself.
Appoint	assign a job or office to.
Appoint	fix
Appoint	(as appointed
Appoint	) Equipped, furnished
Appointment	appointing or being appointed.
Appointment	arrangement for meeting or consultation.
Appointment	a post or office open to applicants.
Appointment	person appointed.
Appointment	(usu. In
Appointment	) Furniture, fittings; equipment.
Apportion	share out; assign as a share.
Apposite	apt, appropriate; well expressed.
Apposition	Juxtaposition, esp.
Apposition	Of elements sharing a syntactic function
Appraisal	Appraising or being appraised.
Appraise	estimate the value or quality of.
Appraise	set a price on
Appreciable	Significant, considerable.
Appreciate	a esteem highly; value.
Appreciate	be grateful for.
Appreciate	understand, recognize
Appreciate	rise or raise in value.
Appreciate	Appreciatory
Appreciation	favourable or grateful recognition.
Appreciation	sensitive estimation or judgement.
Appreciation	rise in value.
Apprehend	seize, arrest.
Apprehend	understand, perceive.
Apprehension	uneasiness, dread.
Apprehension	understanding.
Apprehension	arrest, capture.
Apprehensive	Uneasily fearful.
Apprentice	person learning a trade by working in it for an agreed period at low wages.
Apprentice	novice.
Apprentice	engage as an apprentice
Apprise	formal inform.
Approach	come near or nearer
Approach	in space or time.
Approach	tentatively propose to.
Approach	be similar or approximate to (approaching
Approach	million).
Approach	set about
Approach	act or means of approaching.
Approach	approximation.
Approach	technique
Approach	golf stroke from the fairway to the green.
Approach	aeron. Part of a flight before landing.
Approachable	friendly, easy to talk to.
Approachable	able to be approached.
Approbation	Approval, consent.
Appropriate	Suitable, proper.
Appropriate	take, esp. Without authority.
Appropriate	devote
Appropriate	To special purposes.
Appropriate	Appropriation
Approval	approving.
Approval	consent; favourable opinion.
Approve	confirm; sanction.
Approve	regard with favour.
Approx.	Approximate
Approximate	Fairly correct, near to the actual
Approximate	bring or come near
Approximate	Approximation
Appurtenance	(usu. In
Appurtenance	) Belonging; accessory.
Apr	Annual or annualized percentage rate
Apr.	April.
Après-ski	Social activities following a day's skiing.
Après-ski	Suitable for these.
Apricot	a small juicy soft orange-yellow peachlike fruit.
Apricot	tree bearing it.
Apricot	its colour.
Apricot	Orange-yellow.
Apricot	a small juicy soft orange-yellow peachlike fruit.
Apricot	tree bearing it.
Apricot	its colour.
Apricot	Orange-yellow.
April	Fourth month of the year.
April fool	Person successfully tricked on
April fool	april.
A priori	from causes to effects; deductive.
A priori	Logically independent of experience; not derived from experience.
A priori	assumed without investigation
A priori	deductively.
A priori	as far as one knows.
Apron	garment for covering and protecting the front of the clothes.
Apron	theatr. Part of a stage in front of the curtain.
Apron	area on an airfield for manoeuvring or loading.
Apropos	appropriate.
Apropos	in respect of.
Apropos	appropriately.
Apropos	Incidentally.
Apse	Large arched or domed recess, esp. At the end of a church.
Apsis	either of two points on the orbit of a planet etc. Nearest to or furthest from the body round which it moves.
Apt	appropriate, suitable.
Apt	tending
Apt	clever; quick to learn.
Aptitude	natural talent.
Aptitude	ability or fitness, esp. Specified.
Aqua	The colour aquamarine.
Aqua fortis	Nitric acid.
Aqualung	Portable breathing-apparatus for divers.
Aquamarine	bluish-green beryl.
Aquamarine	its colour.
Aquamarine	Bluish-green.
Aquaplane	Board for riding on water, pulled by a speedboat.
Aquaplane	ride on this.
Aquaplane	glide uncontrollably on a wet surface.
Aqua regia	Highly corrosive mixture of acids, attacking many substances unaffected by other reagents.
Aquarelle	Painting in thin usu. Transparent water-colours.
Aquarium	tank of water for keeping and showing fish etc.
Aquarius	constellation and eleventh sign of the zodiac
Aquarius	person born when the sun is in this sign.
Aquatic	growing or living in water.
Aquatic	played in or on water.
Aquatic	aquatic plant or animal.
Aquatic	(in
Aquatic	) Aquatic sports.
Aquatint	Etched print resembling a water-colour.
Aqua vitae	Strong alcoholic spirit, esp. Brandy.
Aqueduct	Water channel, esp.
Aqueduct	bridge on columns across a valley.
Aqueous	Of or like water.
Aqueous humour	Clear fluid in the eye between the lens and the cornea.
Aquilegia	columbine.
Aquiline	of or like an eagle.
Aquiline	curved.
Ar	Argon.
-ar	forming adjectives
Arab	member of a semitic people originating in saudi arabia and neighbouring countries, now widespread throughout the middle east.
Arab	horse of a breed orig. Native to arabia.
Arab	Of arabia or the arabs
Arabesque	ballet posture with one leg extended horizontally backwards and arms outstretched.
Arabesque	design of intertwined leaves, scrolls, etc.
Arabesque	Florid piece.
Arabian	Of or relating to arabia
Arabian	Native of arabia.
Arabian	Of or relating to arabia
Arabian	Native of arabia.
Arabic	Semitic language of the arabs.
Arabic	Of the arabs
Arabic numeral	Any of the numerals
Arable	suitable for crop production.
Arachnid	Arthropod of a class comprising spiders, scorpions, etc.
Araldite	Propr. Epoxy resin for mending china etc.
Aramaic	Branch of the semitic family of languages, esp. The language of syria used as a lingua franca in the near east from the sixth century bc.
Aramaic	Of or in aramaic.
Arbiter	arbitrator in a dispute.
Arbiter	person influential in a specific field
Arbitrary	random.
Arbitrary	capricious; despotic.
Arbitrate	decide by arbitration.
Arbitration	Settlement of a dispute by an impartial third party.
Arbitrator	Person appointed to arbitrate.
Arbor1	Axle or spindle.
Arbor	shady garden alcove enclosed by trees etc.
Arboreal	Of or living in trees.
Arborescent	Treelike in growth or form.
Arboretum	place cultivating and displaying rare trees.
Arboriculture	Cultivation of trees and shrubs.
Arbor vitae	Any of various evergreen conifers.
Arbour	shady garden alcove enclosed by trees etc.
Arbutus	Tree or shrub with clusters of flowers and strawberry-like berries.
Arc	part of the circumference of a circle or other curve.
Arc	electr. Luminous discharge between two electrodes.
Arc	form an arc; move in a curve.
Arcade	covered walk, esp. Lined with shops.
Arcade	series of arches supporting or set along a wall.
Arcadian	Idealized country dweller.
Arcadian	Poetically rural.
Arcane	Mysterious, secret.
Arch1	curved structure as an opening, as a support for a bridge, floor, etc., or as an ornament.
Arch1	any arch-shaped curve.
Arch1	provide with or form into an arch.
Arch1	span like an arch.
Arch1	form an arch.
Arch2	Self-consciously or affectedly playful.
Arch-	Form
Arch-	chief, superior
Arch-	pre-eminent, esp. Unfavourably
Archaean	Of the earliest geological era.
Archaean	This time.
Archaeology	study of ancient cultures, esp. By the excavation and analysis of physical remains.
Archaeology	Archaeologist
Archaeopteryx	Fossil bird with teeth, feathers, and a reptilian tail.
Archaic	a antiquated.
Archaic	No longer in ordinary use.
Archaic	of an early period of culture.
Archaic	ally
Archaism	use of the
Archaism	esp. In language or art.
Archaism	word or expression.
Archangel	Angel of the highest rank.
Archbishop	Chief bishop of a province.
Archbishopric	Office or diocese of an archbishop.
Archdeacon	Church dignitary next below a bishop.
Archdiocese	Diocese of an archbishop.
Arabian	Of or relating to arabia
Arabian	Native of arabia.
Arabic	Semitic language of the arabs.
Arabic	Of the arabs
Arabic numeral	Any of the numerals
Arable	suitable for crop production.
Arachnid	Arthropod of a class comprising spiders, scorpions, etc.
Araldite	Propr. Epoxy resin for mending china etc.
Aramaic	Branch of the semitic family of languages, esp. The language of syria used as a lingua franca in the near east from the sixth century bc.
Aramaic	Of or in aramaic.
Arbiter	arbitrator in a dispute.
Arbiter	person influential in a specific field
Arbitrary	random.
Arbitrary	capricious; despotic.
Arbitrate	decide by arbitration.
Arbitration	Settlement of a dispute by an impartial third party.
Arbitrator	Person appointed to arbitrate.
Arbor1	Axle or spindle.
Arbor	shady garden alcove enclosed by trees etc.
Arboreal	Of or living in trees.
Arborescent	Treelike in growth or form.
Arboretum	place cultivating and displaying rare trees.
Arboriculture	Cultivation of trees and shrubs.
Arbor vitae	Any of various evergreen conifers.
Arbour	shady garden alcove enclosed by trees etc.
Arbutus	Tree or shrub with clusters of flowers and strawberry-like berries.
Arc	part of the circumference of a circle or other curve.
Arc	electr. Luminous discharge between two electrodes.
Arc	form an arc; move in a curve.
Arcade	covered walk, esp. Lined with shops.
Arcade	series of arches supporting or set along a wall.
Arcadian	Idealized country dweller.
Arcadian	Poetically rural.
Arcane	Mysterious, secret.
Arch1	curved structure as an opening, as a support for a bridge, floor, etc., or as an ornament.
Arch1	any arch-shaped curve.
Arch1	provide with or form into an arch.
Arch1	span like an arch.
Arch1	form an arch.
Arch2	Self-consciously or affectedly playful.
Arch-	Form
Arch-	chief, superior
Arch-	pre-eminent, esp. Unfavourably
Archaean	Of the earliest geological era.
Archaean	This time.
Archaeology	study of ancient cultures, esp. By the excavation and analysis of physical remains.
Archaeology	Archaeologist
Archaeopteryx	Fossil bird with teeth, feathers, and a reptilian tail.
Archaic	a antiquated.
Archaic	No longer in ordinary use.
Archaic	of an early period of culture.
Archaic	ally
Archaism	use of the
Archaism	esp. In language or art.
Archaism	word or expression.
Archangel	Angel of the highest rank.
Archbishop	Chief bishop of a province.
Archbishopric	Office or diocese of an archbishop.
Archdeacon	Church dignitary next below a bishop.
Archdiocese	Diocese of an archbishop.
Archdiocese	Diocese of an archbishop.
Archduke	Hist. Chief duke
Archean	Of the earliest geological era.
Archean	This time.
Arch-enemy	chief enemy.
Arch-enemy	the devil.
Archeology	study of ancient cultures, esp. By the excavation and analysis of physical remains.
Archeology	Archeologist
Archer	person who shoots with a bow and arrows.
Archer	zodiacal sign or constellation sagittarius.
Archery	Shooting with a bow and arrows, esp. As a sport.
Archetype	original model; prototype.
Archetype	typical specimen.
Archidiaconal	Of an archdeacon.
Archiepiscopal	Of an archbishop.
Archimandrite	superior of a large monastery in the orthodox church.
Archimandrite	honorary title of a monastic priest.
Archipelago	group of islands.
Archipelago	sea with many islands.
Architect	designer of buildings etc., supervising their construction.
Architect	person who brings about a specified thing
Architectonic	of architecture.
Architectonic	of the systematization of knowledge.
Architecture	design and construction of buildings.
Architecture	style of a building.
Architecture	buildings etc. Collectively.
Architrave	main beam resting across the tops of columns.
Architrave	moulded frame around a doorway or window.
Archive	(usu. In
Archive	collection of documents or records.
Archive	store for these.
Archive	place or store in an archive.
Archive	computing transfer
Archive	to a less frequently used file.
Archivist	Keeper of archives.
Archway	Arched entrance or passage.
Arc lamp	light using an electric arc.
Arctic	of the north polar regions.
Arctic	Very cold.
Arctic	Arctic regions.
Arctic circle	Parallel of latitude
Arctic circle	3´ n, forming an imaginary line round the arctic region.
Arc welding	Use of an electric arc to melt metals to be welded.
Ardent	eager, fervent, passionate.
Ardent	burning.
Ardor	zeal, enthusiasm, passion.
Ardour	zeal, enthusiasm, passion.
Arduous	Hard to accomplish; laborious, strenuous.
Are1	nd sing. Present &
Are1	Present of *be.
Are2	Metric unit of measure,
Are2	00 square metres.
Area	extent or measure of a surface
Area	region
Area	space for a specific purpose
Area	scope or range.
Area	space in front of the basement of a building.
Arena	central part of an amphitheatre etc.
Arena	scene of conflict; sphere of action.
Aren't	are not.
Aren't	(in
Aren't	) Am not
Areola	circular pigmented area, esp. Around a nipple.
Arête	Sharp mountain ridge.
Argent	Heraldry silver; silvery-white.
Argon	Inert gaseous element.
Argosy	poet. Large merchant ship.
Argot	Jargon of a group or class.
Argue	Exchange views forcefully or contentiously.
Argue	maintain by reasoning; indicate.
Argue	(foll.
Argue	Exchange views forcefully or contentiously.
Argue	maintain by reasoning; indicate.
Argue	reason.
Argue	treat
Argue	by reasoning.
Argue	persuade.
Argue	Dispute a choice already made.
Argue	Arguably
Argument	exchange of views; dispute.
Argument	reason given; reasoning process.
Argument	summary of a book etc.
Argumentation	Methodical reasoning; arguing.
Argumentative	Given to arguing.
Argus	Watchful guardian.
Argy-bargy	joc. Dispute, wrangle.
Aria	Long accompanied solo song in an opera etc.
Arid	dry, parched.
Arid	uninteresting.
Aries	constellation and first sign of the zodiac
Aries	person born when the sun is in this sign.
Aright	Rightly.
Arise	(-sing; past arose;
Arise	Arisen)
Arise	originate.
Arise	result.
Arise	come to one's notice; emerge.
Arise	rise, esp. From the dead or from kneeling.
Aristocracy	ruling class or élite; nobility.
Aristocracy	a government by an élite.
Aristocracy	state so governed.
Aristocracy	best representatives.
Aristocrat	Member of the aristocracy.
Aristocratic	of or like the aristocracy.
Aristocratic	a distinguished.
Aristocratic	grand, stylish.
Aristotelian	Disciple or student of aristotle.
Aristotelian	Of aristotle or his ideas.
Arithmetic	science of numbers.
Arithmetic	use of numbers; computation.
Arithmetic	of arithmetic.
Arithmetic progression	Sequence of numbers with constant intervals (e.g.
Arithmetic progression	, etc.).
Ark	Ship in which noah escaped the flood with his family and animals.
Ark of the covenant	Chest or cupboard containing the tables of jewish law.
Arm1	upper limb of the human body from shoulder to hand.
Arm1	forelimb or tentacle of an animal.
Arm1	a sleeve of a garment.
Arm1	arm support of a chair etc.
Arm1	thing branching from a main stem
Arm1	control, means of reaching
Arm2	(usu. In
Arm2	) Weapon.
Arm2	(in
Arm2	) Military profession.
Arm2	branch of the military
Arm2	(in
Arm2	) Heraldic devices
Arm2	supply, or equip oneself, with weapons etc., esp. In preparation for war.
Arm2	make
Arm2	Ready.
Arm2	actively resisting, highly indignant.
Armada	Fleet of warships, esp.
Armada	that sent by spain against england in
Armada	588.
Armadillo	s. American mammal with a plated body and large claws.
Armageddon	Huge battle or struggle, esp. Marking the end of the world.
Armament	(often in
Armament	) Military equipment.
Armament	equipping for war.
Armament	force equipped.
Armature	rotating coil or coils of a dynamo or electric motor.
Armature	iron bar placed across the poles of a horseshoe magnet to preserve its power.
Armature	metal framework on which a sculpture is moulded.
Armband	Band worn around the upper arm to hold up a shirtsleeve, or as identification, or to aid swimming.
Armchair	chair with arm supports.
Armchair	Theoretical rather than active
Armhole	Each of two holes for arms in a garment.
Armhole	Each of two holes for arms in a garment.
Armistice	Truce, esp. Permanent.
Armistice day	Anniversary of the armistice of
Armistice day	1 nov.
Armistice day	918.
Armlet	Ornamental band worn round the arm.
Armor	protective usu. Metal covering formerly worn in fighting.
Armor	protective metal covering for an armed vehicle, ship, etc.
Armor	armed vehicles collectively.
Armor	protective covering or shell of an animal or plant.
Armor	heraldic devices.
Armor	(usu. Asarmoured
Armor	) Provide with protective covering, and often guns
Armorial	Of heraldry or coats of arms.
Armour	protective usu. Metal covering formerly worn in fighting.
Armour	protective metal covering for an armed vehicle, ship, etc.
Armour	armed vehicles collectively.
Armour	protective covering or shell of an animal or plant.
Armour	heraldic devices.
Armour	(usu. As armoured
Armour	) Provide with protective covering, and often guns
Armourer	maker of arms or armour.
Armourer	official in charge of arms.
Armoury	arsenal.
Armpit	Hollow under the arm at the shoulder.
Arms race	Competitive accumulation of weapons by nations.
Arm-wrestling	Trial of strength in which each party tries to force the other's arm down.
Army	organized armed land force.
Army	the military profession.
Army	very large number
Army	organized civilian body
Arnica	plant of the daisy family with yellow flowers.
Arnica	medicine prepared from this.
Aroma	esp. Pleasing smell, often of food.
Aroma	subtle pervasive quality.
Aromatherapy	Use of plant extracts and oils in massage.
Aromatic	fragrant, spicy.
Aromatic	chem. Of organic compounds having an unsaturated ring, esp. Containing a benzene ring.
Aromatic	Aromatic substance.
Around	on every side; all round; round about.
Around	in existence; available.
Around	near at hand.
Around	here and there
Around	on or along the circuit of.
Around	on every side of.
Around	here and there in or near
Around	a round
Around	at a time near to
Around	Be widely experienced.
Arouse	induce
Arouse	awake from sleep.
Arouse	stir into activity.
Arouse	stimulate sexually.
Arpeggio	Notes of a chord played in succession.
Arrack	alcoholic spirit, esp. Made from coco sap or rice.
Arraign	indict, accuse.
Arraign	find fault with; call into question
Arrange	put into order; classify.
Arrange	plan or provide for; take measures
Arrange	agree
Arrange	Adapt
Arrange	for a particular manner of performance.
Arrangement	arranging or being arranged.
Arrangement	manner of this.
Arrangement	something arranged.
Arrangement	(in
Arrangement	) Plans, measures
Arrangement	Composition adapted for performance in a particular way.
Arrant	Literary downright, utter
Arras	Hist. Rich tapestry or wall-hanging.
Array	imposing or well-ordered series or display.
Array	ordered arrangement, esp. Of troops
Array	deck, adorn.
Array	set in order; marshal
Array	imposing or well-ordered series or display.
Array	ordered arrangement, esp. Of troops
Array	deck, adorn.
Array	set in order; marshal
Arrears	pl. Amount
Arrears	Still outstanding or uncompleted.
Arrest	lawfully seize
Arrest	stop or check the progress of.
Arrest	attract
Arrest	arresting or being arrested.
Arrest	stoppage
Arrester	Device for slowing an aircraft after landing.
Arrière-pensée	secret motive.
Arrière-pensée	mental reservation.
Arris	Archit. Sharp edge at the junction of two surfaces.
Arrival	arriving; appearance on the scene.
Arrival	person or thing that has arrived.
Arrive	reach a destination.
Arrive	reach
Arrive	Become successful.
Arrive	be born.
Arrive	come.
Arriviste	Ambitious or ruthless person.
Arrogant	Aggressively assertive or presumptuous.
Arrogant	Arrogantly
Arrogate	claim
Arrogate	Without right.
Arrogate	attribute unjustly
Arrow	pointed slender missile shot from a bow.
Arrow	representation of this, esp. Indicating direction.
Arrowhead	pointed tip of an arrow.
Arrowhead	water-plant with arrow-shaped leaves.
Arrowroot	nutritious starch.
Arrowroot	plant yielding this.
Arse	buttocks.
Arsehole	anus.
Arsehole	offens. Contemptible person.
Arsenal	store, esp. Of weapons.
Arsenal	place for the storage and manufacture of weapons and ammunition.
Arsenic	non-scientific name for arsenic trioxide, a highly poisonous white powder used in weed-killers etc.
Arsenic	chem. Brittle semi-metallic element.
Arsenic	Of or containing arsenic.
Arson	Crime of deliberately setting fire to property.
Art	a human creative skill or its application.
Art	work showing this.
Art	a (in
Art	; prec. By the) branches of creative activity concerned with the production of imaginative designs, sounds, or ideas, e.g. Painting, music, writing.
Art	any one of these.
Art	creative activity resulting in visual representation
Art	human skill as opposed to nature
Art	a skill, knack.
Art	cunning; trick, stratagem.
Art	(in
Art	; usu. Prec. By the) supposedly creative subjects
Art	as opposed to scientific, technical, or vocational subjects.
Art deco	Decorative art style of
Art deco	910–30, with geometric motifs and strong colours.
Artefact	man-made object, esp.
Artefact	tool or vessel as an archaeological item.
Arterial	of or like an artery.
Arterial	main, important.
Arteriosclerosis	Loss of elasticity and thickening of artery walls, esp. In old age.
Artery	any of the blood-vessels carrying blood from the heart.
Artery	main road or railway line.
Artesian well	Well in which water rises to the surface by natural pressure through a vertically drilled hole.
Artful	Crafty, deceitful.
Arthritis	Inflammation of a joint or joints.
Arthropod	Invertebrate with a segmented body and jointed limbs, e.g. An insect, spider, or crustacean.
Arthropod	Invertebrate with a segmented body and jointed limbs, e.g. An insect, spider, or crustacean.
Artichoke	plant allied to the thistle.
Artichoke	its partly edible flower-head
Article	item or thing.
Article	non-fictional journalistic essay.
Article	clause or item in an agreement or contract.
Article	definite or indefinite article.
Article	employ under contract as a trainee.
Articled clerk	Trainee solicitor.
Articular	Of a joint or joints.
Articulate	fluent and clear in speech.
Articulate	having clearly distinguishable parts.
Articulate	having joints.
Articulate	a pronounce distinctly.
Articulate	speak or express clearly.
Articulate	connect by joints.
Articulate	mark with apparent joints.
Articulate	form a joint.
Articulated lorry	One with sections connected by a flexible joint.
Articulation	a speaking or being spoken.
Articulation	articulate utterance; speech.
Articulation	a act or mode of jointing.
Articulation	joint.
Artifice	trick or clever device.
Artifice	cunning.
Artifice	skill, ingenuity.
Artificer	craftsman.
Artificer	skilled military mechanic.
Artificial	not natural
Artificial	imitating nature
Artificial	affected, insincere.
Artificial	Artificially
Artificial insemination	Non-sexual injection of semen into the uterus.
Artificial intelligence	Use of computers for tasks normally regarded as needing human intelligence.
Artificial respiration	Manual or mechanical stimulation of breathing.
Artillery	heavy guns used in land warfare.
Artillery	branch of the army using these.
Artisan	Skilled manual worker or craftsman.
Artist	practitioner of any of the arts, esp. Painting.
Artist	artiste.
Artist	person using skill or taste.
Artiste	Professional performer, esp.
Artiste	singer or dancer.
Artistic	having natural skill in art.
Artistic	skilfully or tastefully done.
Artistic	of art or artists.
Artless	guileless, ingenuous.
Artless	natural.
Artless	clumsy.
Art nouveau	Art style of the late
Art nouveau	9th century, with flowing lines.
Artwork	illustrative material in printed matter.
Artwork	works of art collectively
Arty	Pretentiously or affectedly artistic.
Arum	Plant with arrow-shaped leaves.
-ary	forming adjectives
Aryan	speaker of any of the languages of the indo-european family.
Aryan	improperly
Aryan	non-jewish caucasian.
Aryan	Of aryans.
As	Arsenic.
As1	(adv. As antecedent in main sentence;
As1	In relative clause expressed or implied) to the extent to which … is or does etc. (am as tall as he; am as tall as he is;
As1	Am as tall as him; as recently as last week).
As1	expressing result or purpose
As1	although
As1	a in the manner in which
As1	in the capacity or form of
As1	while
As1	since, seeing that
As1	for instance
As1	. —rel.
As2	roman copper coin.
Asafetida	resinous pungent plant gum used in cooking and formerly in medicine.
Asafoetida	resinous pungent plant gum used in cooking and formerly in medicine.
A.s.a.p.	As soon as possible.
Asbestos	fibrous silicate mineral.
Asbestos	this as a heat-resistant or insulating material.
Ascend	move or slope upwards, rise.
Ascend	climb; go up.
Ascendancy	dominant power or control.
Ascendant	rising.
Ascendant	astron. Rising towards the zenith.
Ascendant	astrol. Just above the eastern horizon.
Ascendant	predominant.
Ascendant	Astrol. Ascendant point of the sun's apparent path.
Ascension	ascent.
Ascension	ascent of christ into heaven.
Ascent	ascending, rising, or progressing.
Ascent	upward slope or path etc.
Ascertain	Find out for certain.
Ascetic	Severely abstinent; self-denying.
Ascetic	Ascetic, esp. Religious, person.
Ascii	Computing american standard code for information interchange.
Ascorbic acid	Vitamin c, which prevents scurvy.
Ascribe	attribute
Ascribe	regard as belonging.
Asepsis	absence of sepsis or harmful micro-organisms.
Asepsis	method of achieving asepsis in surgery.
Asexual	without sex, sexual organs, or sexuality.
Asexual	not involving the fusion of gametes.
Ash1	(often in
Ash1	) Powdery residue left after burning.
Ash1	Human remains after cremation.
Ash1	cricket trophy competed for by australia and england.
Ash2	tree with silver-grey bark.
Ash2	its hard, pale wood.
Ashamed	(usu.
Ashamed	embarrassed by shame
Ashamed	Hesitant, reluctant out of shame
Ashcan	Us dustbin.
Ashcan	Us dustbin.
Ashen	Like ashes, esp. Grey or pale.
Ashkenazi	east european jew.
Ashlar	large square-cut stone used in building; masonry made of these.
Ashlar	thin slabs of masonry used for facing walls.
Ashore	Towards or on the shore or land.
Ashram	Place of religious retreat for hindus.
Ashtray	Small receptacle for cigarette ash, stubs, etc.
Ashy	covered with ashes.
Asian	native of asia.
Asian	person of asian descent.
Asian	Of asia.
Asiatic	Offens. Asian.
Asiatic	Asian.
Aside	To or on one side; away, apart.
Aside	Words spoken aside, esp. Confidentially to the audience by an actor.
Asinine	Like an ass, esp. Stupid or stubborn.
Ask	call for an answer to or about
Ask	seek to obtain from someone
Ask	) Invite
Ask	seek to obtain, meet, or be directed to
Ask	person). Ask for it
Ask	invite trouble.
Askance	Sideways or squinting.
Askew	Awry, crookedly.
Askew	Oblique; awry.
Aslant	Obliquely or at a slant.
Aslant	Obliquely across.
Asleep	a in or into a state of sleep.
Asleep	inactive, inattentive.
Asleep	Numb.
Asleep	euphem. Dead.
Asp	Small venomous snake of north africa or southern europe.
Asparagus	plant of the lily family.
Asparagus	edible shoots of this.
Aspect	viewpoint, feature, etc. To be considered
Aspect	appearance or look
Aspect	side of a building or location facing a particular direction
Aspen	Poplar with very tremulous leaves.
Asperity	sharpness of temper or tone.
Asperity	roughness; rough excrescence.
Asphalt	dark bituminous pitch.
Asphalt	mixture of this with sand, gravel, etc., for surfacing roads etc.
Asphalt	Surface with asphalt.
Asphodel	plant of the lily family.
Asphodel	poet. Immortal flower growing in elysium.
Asphyxia	Lack of oxygen in the blood, causing unconsciousness or death; suffocation.
Asphyxiate	suffocate.
Aspic	Savoury jelly used esp. To contain game, eggs, etc.
Aspidistra	House-plant with broad tapering leaves.
Aspirant	Aspiring.
Aspirant	Person who aspires.
Aspirate	Pronounced with an exhalation of breath; blended with the sound of h.
Aspirate	Sound of h; consonant pronounced in this way.
Aspirate	pronounce with breath or with initial h.
Aspirate	draw
Aspirate	by suction from a cavity etc.
Aspiration	ambition or desire.
Aspiration	drawing breath or phonet. Aspirating.
Aspirator	Apparatus for aspirating fluid.
Aspire	Have ambition or a strong desire.
Aspirin	white powder, acetylsalicylic acid, used to reduce pain and fever.
Aspirin	tablet of this.
Ass1	a four-legged long-eared mammal related to the horse.
Ass1	donkey.
Ass1	stupid person.
Ass	buttocks.
Assail	attack physically or verbally.
Assail	tackle
Assail	resolutely.
Assassin	Killer, esp. Of a political or religious leader.
Assassinate	kill for political or religious motives.
Assault	violent physical or verbal attack.
Assault	law threat or display of violence against a person.
Assault	Make an assault on.
Assay	Testing of a metal or ore to determine its ingredients and quality.
Assay	Make an assay of
Assegai	light iron-tipped s. African spear.
Assemblage	assembling.
Assemblage	assembled group.
Assemble	gather together; collect.
Assemble	esp. Mech. Fit together
Assembler	person who assembles a machine etc.
Assembler	computing a program for converting instructions written in low-level symbolic code into machine code.
Assembler	the low-level symbolic code itself.
Assembly	assembling.
Assembly	assembled group, esp. As a deliberative body.
Assembly	assembling of components.
Assembly line	Machinery arranged so that a product can be progressively assembled.
Assent	express agreement.
Assent	consent.
Assent	Consent or approval, esp. Official.
Assert	declare, state clearly.
Assert	refl. Insist on one's rights.
Assert	enforce a claim to
Assertion	Declaration, forthright statement.
Assertive	Tending to assert oneself; forthright, positive.
Assertive	Assertiveness
Assess	estimate the size or quality of.
Assess	estimate the value of
Assess	For taxation.
Assessor	person who assesses
Assessor	legal adviser on technical questions.
Asset	useful or valuable person or thing.
Asset	(usu. In
Asset	) Property and possessions, esp. That can be set against debts etc.
Asset-stripping	The taking over of a company and selling off of its assets to make a profit.
Asseverate	declare solemnly.
Asshole	anus.
Asshole	offens. Contemptible person.
Assiduous	persevering, hard-working.
Assiduous	attending closely.
Assiduous	Assiduously
Assign	a allot as a share or responsibility.
Assign	appoint to a position, task, etc.
Assign	fix
Assign	ascribe to
Assign	(assigned the manuscript to
Assign	832).
Assign	law transfer formally
Assign	to
Assign	Assignee.
Assign	Assignor
Assign	Law.
Assignation	appointment to meet, esp. By lovers in secret.
Assignation	assigning or being assigned.
Assignee	Law person to whom a right or property is assigned.
Assignment	task or mission.
Assignment	assigning or being assigned.
Assignment	legal transfer.
Assimilate	absorb or be absorbed, either physically or mentally.
Assimilate	make like; cause to resemble.
Assimilate	Assimilation
Assimilate	Assimilative
Assimilate	Assimilator
Assist	help.
Assistant	(often
Assistant	) Person who helps, esp. As a subordinate.
Assizes	pl. Hist. Court periodically administering the civil and criminal law.
Assoc.	Association.
Associate	connect mentally
Associate	join or combine, esp. For a common purpose.
Associate	refl. Declare oneself or be in agreement.
Associate	meet frequently or deal.
Associate	partner, colleague.
Associate	friend, companion.
Associate	subordinate member of a society etc.
Associate	joined or allied.
Associate	of lower status
Association	group organized for a joint purpose; society.
Association	associating or being associated.
Association	companionship.
Association	mental connection of ideas.
Association football	Football played with a round ball which may not be handled except by the goalkeepers.
Assonance	Partial resemblance of sound between two syllables e.g. Sonnet, porridge, and killed, cold, culled.
Assort	classify or arrange in sorts.
Assort	suit or harmonize with.
Assorted	of various sorts, mixed.
Assorted	classified.
Assorted	matched
Assortment	Diverse group or mixture.
Assuage	calm or soothe.
Assuage	appease
Assume	take to be true.
Assume	simulate
Assume	undertake
Assume	take or put on
Assuming	Arrogant, presumptuous.
Assumption	assuming.
Assumption	thing assumed.
Assumption	reception of the virgin mary bodily into heaven.
Assurance	emphatic declaration; guarantee.
Assurance	insurance, esp. Life insurance.
Assurance	certainty.
Assurance	self-confidence; assertiveness.
Assure	a convince.
Assure	tell
Assure	confidently
Assure	ensure; guarantee
Assure	insure (esp.
Assure	life).
Assure	(as assured
Assure	guaranteed.
Assure	self-confident.
Assuredly	Certainly.
Ast	Atlantic standard time.
Astatine	Radioactive element, the heaviest of the halogens.
Aster	Plant with bright daisy-like flowers.
Asterisk	Symbol
Asterisk	used to mark words or to indicate omission etc.
Asterisk	Mark with an asterisk.
Astern	in or to the rear of a ship or aircraft.
Astern	backwards.
Asteroid	any of the minor planets orbiting the sun, mainly between the orbits of mars and jupiter.
Asteroid	starfish.
Asthma	Respiratory condition marked by wheezing.
Asthmatic	Of or suffering from asthma.
Asthmatic	Asthmatic person.
Astigmatism	Eye or lens defect resulting in distorted images.
Astir	in motion.
Astir	out of bed.
Astonish	Surprise greatly, amaze.
Astound	Astonish greatly.
Astraddle	Astride.
Astrakhan	dark curly fleece of young astrakhan lambs.
Astrakhan	cloth imitating this.
Astral	Of the stars; starry.
Astray	adj. Out of the right way, erring.
Astride	with a leg on each side.
Astride	with legs apart.
Astride	Astride of; extending across.
Astringent	checking bleeding by contracting body tissues.
Astringent	severe, austere.
Astringent	Astringent substance.
Astrolabe	Instrument formerly used to measure the altitude of stars etc.
Astrology	Study of supposed planetary influence on human affairs.
Astrology	Astrological
Astrology	Astrologist
Astronaut	Crew member of a spacecraft.
Astronaut	Crew member of a spacecraft.
Astronautics	pl.
Astronautics	Science of space travel.
Astronomical	of astronomy.
Astronomical	vast, gigantic.
Astronomy	The scientific study of celestial bodies.
Astrophysics	pl.
Astrophysics	The study of the physics and chemistry of celestial bodies.
Astrophysics	Astrophysicist
Astute	Shrewd.
Astute	Astuteness
Asunder	Literary apart.
Asylum	sanctuary; protection, esp. For fugitives from the law
Asylum	hist. Institution for the mentally ill or destitute.
Asymmetry	Lack of symmetry.
Asymmetry	Asymmetrical
At	Astatine.
At	expressing position
At	expressing a point in time
At	expressing a point in a scale
At	expressing engagement in an activity etc.
At	expressing a value or rate
At	a with or with reference to
At	by means of
At	expressing motion or aim towards
At	moreover
At	then
At	. At times see *time.
Atavism	reappearance of a remote ancestral characteristic, throwback.
Atavism	reversion to an earlier type.
Ataxia	Med. Imperfect control of bodily movements.
-ate1	forming nouns denoting status, function, or office
-ate2	forming adjectives with the sense ‘having, full of’
Atelier	Workshop or artist's studio.
Atheism	Belief that there is no god.
Atheism	Atheistic
Atherosclerosis	Degeneration of the arteries caused by a build-up of fatty deposits.
Athirst	Poet.
Athirst	eager.
Athirst	thirsty.
Athlete	Person who engages in athletics, exercise, etc.
Athlete's foot	Fungal foot condition.
Athletic	of athletes or athletics.
Athletic	physically strong or agile.
Athletic	Athleticism
Athletics	pl.
Athletics	Physical exercises, esp. Track and field events.
At-home	Social reception in a person's home.
-ation	forming nouns denoting an action or an instance of it
-ation	forming nouns denoting a result or product of action
Atlantic	Of or adjoining the ocean between europe and africa to the east and america to the west.
Atlas	Book of maps or charts.
Atmosphere	a gases enveloping the earth, any other planet, etc.
Atmosphere	air in a room etc., esp. If fetid.
Atmosphere	pervading tone or mood of a place, situation, or work of art.
Atmosphere	unit of pressure equal to mean atmospheric pressure at sea level,
Atmosphere	01,325 pascals.
Atmospherics	electrical atmospheric disturbance, esp. Caused by lightning.
Atmospherics	interference with telecommunications caused by this.
Atoll	Ring-shaped coral reef enclosing a lagoon.
Atom	a smallest particle of a chemical element that can take part in a chemical reaction.
Atom	this as a source of nuclear energy.
Atom	minute portion or thing
Atom	a smallest particle of a chemical element that can take part in a chemical reaction.
Atom	this as a source of nuclear energy.
Atom	minute portion or thing
Atom bomb	Bomb in which energy is released by nuclear fission.
Atomic	of or using atomic energy or atomic bombs.
Atomic	of atoms.
Atomic energy	Nuclear energy.
Atomic mass	Mass of an atom measured in atomic mass units.
Atomic mass unit	Unit of mass used to express atomic and molecular weights, equal to one-twelfth of the mass of an atom of carbon-12.
Atomic number	Number of protons in the nucleus of an atom.
Atomic theory	Theory that all matter consists of atoms.
Atomize	reduce to atoms or fine particles.
Atonal	Not written in any key or mode.
Atone	make amends
Atonement	atoning.
Atonement	expiation by christ of mankind's sins.
Atrium	a central court of an ancient roman house.
Atrium	central court rising through several storeys.
Atrium	each of the two upper cavities of the heart.
Atrocious	very bad or unpleasant
Atrocious	wicked
Atrocity	wicked or cruel act.
Atrocity	extreme wickedness.
Atrophy	Wasting away, esp. Through disuse; emaciation.
Atrophy	suffer atrophy or cause atrophy in.
Atropine	Poisonous alkaloid in deadly nightshade.
Attach	fasten, affix, join.
Attach	be very fond of.
Attach	attribute or be attributable; assign
Attach	accompany; form part of
Attach	refl.
Attach	take part in; join
Attach	seize by legal authority.
Attaché	Specialist member of an ambassador's staff.
Attaché case	Small rectangular document case.
Attachment	thing attached, esp. For a purpose.
Attachment	affection, devotion.
Attachment	attaching or being attached.
Attachment	legal seizure.
Attachment	temporary position in an organization.
Attack	try to hurt or defeat using force.
Attack	criticize adversely.
Attack	act harmfully upon
Attack	vigorously apply oneself to.
Attack	sport try to gain ground or score
Attack	act of attacking.
Attack	offensive operation.
Attack	sudden onset of an illness.
Attain	reach, gain, accomplish
Attain	arrive at by effort or development.
Attainment	(often in
Attainment	) Accomplishment or achievement.
Attainment	attaining.
Attar	Perfume made from rose-petals.
Attempt	Try to do or achieve
Attempt	try to conquer
Attempt	Attempting; endeavour
Attend	a be present
Attend	go regularly to
Attend	escort.
Attend	turn or apply one's mind.
Attend	deal with
Attendance	attending or being present.
Attendance	number present
Attendant	Person escorting or providing a service
Attendant	accompanying
Attendant	waiting
Attendee	Person who attends
Attendee	Person who attends
Attention	act or faculty of applying one's mind; notice
Attention	consideration, care.
Attention	(in
Attention	courtesies.
Attention	sexual advances.
Attention	erect esp. Military attitude of readiness.
Attentive	concentrating; paying attention.
Attentive	assiduously polite.
Attentive	Attentiveness
Attenuate	make thin.
Attenuate	reduce in force, value, etc.
Attest	certify the validity of.
Attest	bear witness to.
Attic	Of ancient athens or attica, or the form of greek used there.
Attic	Greek as used by the ancient athenians.
Attic	Space or room at the top of a house, usu. Under the roof.
Attitude	opinion or way of thinking; behaviour reflecting this
Attitude	bodily posture; pose.
Attitude	position of an aircraft etc. Relative to given points.
Attitudinize	adopt
Attitudinize	attitudes; pose.
Attorney	lawyer etc. Appointed to act for another in business or legal matters.
Attorney	us qualified lawyer.
Attorney-general	chief legal officer in some countries.
Attract	Draw to itself or oneself.
Attract	arouse interest or admiration in.
Attraction	a attracting or being attracted.
Attraction	attractive quality
Attraction	person or thing that attracts.
Attraction	physics tendency of bodies to attract each other.
Attractive	attracting
Attractive	aesthetically pleasing; good-looking.
Attribute	regard as belonging to, written or said by, etc.
Attribute	ascribe to
Attribute	esp. Characteristic quality ascribed to a person or thing.
Attribute	object symbolizing or appropriate to a person, office, or status.
Attribute	Attribution
Attributive	preceding the word described, as old in the old dog.
Attrition	gradual wearing down
Attrition	abrasion, friction.
Attune	adjust to a situation etc.
Attune	Tune.
Atypical	Not typical.
Au	Gold.
Aubergine	Plant with white or purple egg-shaped fruit used as a vegetable; eggplant.
Aubrietia	dwarf perennial rock-plant with purple or pink flowers.
Auburn	Reddish-brown
Auction	Sale in which articles are sold to the highest bidder.
Auction	Sell by auction.
Auction bridge	Game in which players bid for the right to name trumps.
Auctioneer	Person who conducts auctions, esp. For a living.
Audacious	daring, bold.
Audacious	impudent.
Audible	Able to be heard.
Audible	Audibly
Audience	a assembled listeners or spectators, esp. At a play, concert, etc.
Audience	people addressed by a film, book, etc.
Audience	formal interview with a superior.
Audio	(usu.
Audio	) Sound or its reproduction.
Audio-	Form hearing or sound.
Audio frequency	Frequency able to be perceived by the human ear.
Audiotape	a magnetic tape for recording sound.
Audiotape	a length of this.
Audiotape	a sound recording on tape.
Audiotape	a magnetic tape for recording sound.
Audiotape	a length of this.
Audiotape	a sound recording on tape.
Audio typist	Person who types from a tape-recording.
Audiovisual	Using both sight and sound.
Audit	Official scrutiny of accounts.
Audit	conduct an audit of.
Audition	Test of a performer's suitability or ability.
Audition	Assess or be assessed at an audition.
Auditor	Person who audits accounts.
Auditorium	part of a theatre etc. For the audience.
Auditory	Of hearing.
Au fait	conversant
Aug.	August.
Augean	Filthy.
Auger	Tool with a screw point for boring in wood.
Aught	anything.
Augment	Make or become greater; increase.
Augmentative	Augmenting.
Au gratin	Cooked with a crust of breadcrumbs or melted cheese.
Augur	Portend, serve as an omen
Augur	Hist. Roman religious official interpreting natural phenomena in order to pronounce on proposed actions.
Augury	omen.
Augury	interpretation of omens.
August	Eighth month of the year.
August	Venerable, imposing.
Augustan	of the reign of augustus, esp. As a flourishing literary period.
Augustan	refined and classical in style.
Auk	Black and white sea bird with short wings, e.g. The guillemot, puffin, etc.
Auld lang syne	Times long past.
Aunt	sister of one's father or mother.
Aunt	uncle's wife.
Aunt	parent's female friend.
Aunt sally	game in which sticks or balls are thrown at a wooden dummy.
Aunt sally	target of general abuse.
Au pair	Young foreigner, esp.
Au pair	woman, helping with housework etc. In exchange for board and lodging.
Aura	distinctive atmosphere.
Aura	subtle emanation.
Aural	Of the ear or hearing.
Aureate	Literary
Aureate	golden.
Aureate	resplendent.
Aureole	halo or circle of light, esp. In a religious painting.
Aureole	corona round the sun or moon.
Au revoir	Goodbye
Auricle	each atrium of the heart.
Auricle	external ear of animals.
Auricula	primula with ear-shaped leaves.
Auriferous	Yielding gold.
Aurochs	extinct wild ox.
Aurora	luminous phenomenon, usu. Of streamers of light in the night sky above the northern
Aurora	or southern
Aurora	magnetic pole.
Auscultation	Listening, esp. To sounds from the heart, lungs, etc., for purposes of diagnosis.
Auspice	(in
Auspice	) Patronage
Auspice	omen, premonition.
Auspicious	Promising well; favourable.
Aussie	australian.
Aussie	australia.
Aussie	Australian.
Austere	severely simple.
Austere	morally strict.
Austere	stern, grim.
Austerity	being austere; hardship.
Austral	southern.
Austral	of australia or australasia.
Austral	southern.
Austral	of australia or australasia.
Australasian	Of australasia, including australia and the islands of the sw pacific.
Australian	native or national of australia.
Australian	person of australian descent.
Australian	Of australia.
Autarchy	Absolute rule; despotism.
Autarky	Self-sufficiency, esp. Economic.
Authentic	of undisputed origin; genuine.
Authentic	reliable, trustworthy.
Authentic	Authenticity
Authenticate	establish as true, genuine, or valid.
Author	writer, esp. Of books.
Author	originator of an idea, event, etc.
Authoritarian	Favouring or enforcing strict obedience to authority.
Authoritarian	Authoritarian person.
Authoritative	reliable, esp. Having authority.
Authoritative	official.
Authority	a power or right to enforce obedience.
Authority	Delegated power.
Authority	(esp. In
Authority	) Body having authority.
Authority	influence based on recognized knowledge or expertise.
Authority	expert.
Authorize	officially approve, sanction.
Authorize	Give authority to
Authorized version	English translation of the bible made in
Authorized version	611.
Authorship	origin of a book etc.
Authorship	profession of an author.
Autism	Condition characterized by self-absorption and social withdrawal.
Auto	Car.
Auto-	Form
Auto-	self.
Auto-	one's own.
Auto-	of or by oneself or itself.
Autobahn	german, austrian, or swiss motorway.
Autobiography	written account of one's own life.
Autobiography	this as a literary genre.
Autobiography	Autobiographical
Autoclave	Sterilizer using high-pressure steam.
Autocracy	rule by an autocrat.
Autocracy	dictatorship.
Autocrat	absolute ruler.
Autocrat	dictatorial person.
Autocrat	Autocratically
Autocross	Motor racing across country or on unmade roads.
Autocue	Propr. Screen etc. From which a speaker reads a television script.
Auto-da-fé	hist. Ceremonial judgement of heretics by the spanish inquisition.
Auto-da-fé	public burning of heretics.
Autograph	Signature, esp. That of a celebrity.
Autograph	Sign or write on in one's own hand.
Autoimmune	caused by antibodies produced against substances naturally present in the body.
Automat	slot-machine.
Automat	cafeteria dispensing food and drink from slot-machines.
Automate	convert to or operate by automation.
Automatic	working by itself, without direct human intervention.
Automatic	a done spontaneously
Automatic	following inevitably
Automatic	able to be loaded and fired continuously.
Automatic	using gears that change automatically.
Automatic	automatic machine, firearm, or tool.
Automatic	vehicle with automatic transmission.
Automatic pilot	Device for keeping an aircraft or ship on a set course.
Automation	use of automatic equipment in place of manual labour.
Automation	production of goods etc. By this.
Automatism	involuntary action.
Automatism	unthinking routine.
Automaton	machine controlled automatically; robot.
Automaton	person acting like a robot.
Automobile	Us motor car.
Automotive	Of motor vehicles.
Automotive	Of motor vehicles.
Autonomous	having self-government.
Autonomous	acting or free to act independently.
Autonomy	self-government.
Autonomy	personal freedom.
Autopsy	post-mortem.
Autoroute	French motorway.
Autostrada	italian motorway.
Auto-suggestion	Hypnotic or subconscious suggestion made to oneself.
Autumn	(often
Autumn	) Season between summer and winter.
Autumn	time of incipient decline.
Autumn equinox	equinox about
Autumn equinox	2 sept.
Auxiliary	subsidiary, additional.
Auxiliary	giving help.
Auxiliary	auxiliary person or thing.
Auxiliary	(in
Auxiliary	) Foreign or allied troops in the service of a nation at war.
Auxiliary	verb used to form tenses or moods of other verbs
Auxin	Plant hormone that regulates growth.
Av	Authorized version.
Avail	help; be of use.
Avail	refl.
Avail	make use of, profit by.
Avail	Use, profit
Available	at one's disposal, obtainable.
Available	free, not committed.
Available	able to be contacted.
Avalanche	rapidly sliding mass of snow and ice on a mountain.
Avalanche	sudden abundance
Avant-garde	Pioneers or
Avant-garde	innovators.
Avant-garde	New; pioneering.
Avarice	Extreme greed for wealth.
Avatar	descent of a deity etc. To earth in bodily form.
Ave	prayer to the virgin mary (luke
Ave	:28).
Ave.	Avenue.
Avenge	inflict retribution on behalf of.
Avenge	take vengeance for
Avenue	a broad esp. Tree-lined road or street.
Avenue	tree-lined path etc.
Avenue	approach
Aver	formal assert, affirm.
Average	usual amount, extent, or rate.
Average	amount obtained by adding two or more numbers and dividing by how many there are.
Average	Ratio obtained by subtracting the inital from the final value of each element of the ratio (average of
Average	0 miles per hour).
Average	law damage to or loss of a ship or cargo.
Average	a usual, ordinary.
Average	mediocre.
Average	constituting an average (the average age is
Average	amount on average to.
Average	do on average.
Average	estimate the average of.
Averse	opposed, disinclined.
Aversion	dislike or unwillingness.
Aversion	object of this.
Avert	turn away
Avert	prevent or ward off
Avesta	sacred writings of zoroastrianism
Aviary	large cage or building for keeping birds.
Aviation	Science or practice of flying aircraft.
Aviator	Person who flies aircraft.
Avid	Eager, greedy.
Avid	Avidly
Avionics	pl.
Avionics	Electronics as applied to aviation.
Avocado	dark green edible pear-shaped fruit with yellowish-green creamy flesh.
Avocado	tree bearing it.
Avocet	Long-legged wading bird with an upward-curved bill.
Avocet	Long-legged wading bird with an upward-curved bill.
Avoid	keep away or refrain from.
Avoid	escape; evade.
Avoid	law quash, annul.
Avoid	Avoidance
Avoirdupois	system of weights based on a pound of
Avoirdupois	6 ounces or
Avoirdupois	,000 grains.
Avow	Formal declare, confess.
Avow	Avowedly
Avuncular	Like or of an uncle, esp. In manner.
Await	wait for.
Await	be in store for.
Awake	(-king; past awoke;
Awake	Awoken)
Awake	cease to sleep or arouse from sleep.
Awake	become or make alert, aware, or active.
Awake	not asleep.
Awake	alert, aware.
Award	Give or order to be given as a payment or prize.
Award	thing or amount awarded.
Award	judicial decision.
Aware	conscious; having knowledge.
Aware	well-informed.
Awash	level with the surface of, and just covered by, water.
Awash	overflowing, abounding.
Away	to or at a distance from the place, person, or thing in question (go, give, look, away;
Away	miles away).
Away	into non-existence
Away	constantly, persistently
Away	without delay
Away	Sport not played on one's own ground
Away	Sport away match or win.
Awe	Reverential fear or wonder.
Awe	inspire with awe.
Aweigh	clear of the bottom.
Awe-inspiring	Awesome; magnificent.
Awesome	Inspiring awe; dreaded.
Awful	Very bad or unpleasant
Awful	As an intensifier
Awful	poet. Inspiring awe.
Awfully	badly; unpleasantly
Awfully	Very
Awhile	For a short time.
Awkward	difficult to use or deal with.
Awkward	clumsy, ungainly.
Awkward	a embarrassed.
Awkward	embarrassing.
Awl	Small tool for piercing holes, esp. In leather.
Awn	Bristly head of a sheath of barley and other grasses.
Awning	Sheet of canvas etc. Stretched on a frame as a shelter against the sun or rain.
Awoken	Of *awake.
Awol	Absent without leave.
Awry	crookedly, askew.
Awry	amiss, wrong.
Awry	Crooked; unsound.
Ax	chopping-tool with a handle and heavy blade.
Ax	dismissal
Ax	; abandonment of a project etc.
Ax	cut
Ax	drastically; abandon
Axe	chopping-tool with a handle and heavy blade.
Axe	dismissal
Axe	; abandonment of a project etc.
Axe	cut
Axe	drastically; abandon
Axial	Of, forming, or placed round an axis.
Axil	Upper angle between a leaf and stem.
Axiom	established or accepted principle.
Axiom	self-evident truth.
Axis	a imaginary line about which a body rotates.
Axis	line which divides a regular figure symmetrically.
Axis	fixed reference line for the measurement of coordinates etc.
Axis	alliance of germany, italy, and later japan, in the war of
Axis	939–45.
Axis	a imaginary line about which a body rotates.
Axis	line which divides a regular figure symmetrically.
Axis	fixed reference line for the measurement of coordinates etc.
Axis	alliance of germany, italy, and later japan, in the war of
Axis	939–45.
Axle	Spindle on which a wheel is fixed or turns.
Axolotl	Newtlike salamander, which in natural conditions retains its larval form of life.
Ayatollah	Shiite religious leader in iran.
Aye	or dial. Yes.
Aye	Affirmative answer or vote.
Azalea	kind of rhododendron.
Azimuth	Angular distance from a north or south point of the horizon to the intersection with the horizon of a vertical circle passing through a given celestial body.
Azt	Drug intended for use against the aids virus.
Aztec	member of the native mexican people overthrown by the spanish in
Aztec	519.
Aztec	language of this people.
Aztec	Of the aztecs or their language.
Azure	deep sky-blue colour.
Azure	poet. Clear sky.
Azure	Deep sky-blue.
B1	second letter of the alphabet.
B1	Seventh note of the diatonic scale of c major.
B1	second hypothetical person or example.
B1	second highest category
B1	algebra second known quantity.
B2	Boron.
B3	Black
B.	born.
B.	cricket a bowled by.
B.	bye.
Ba	bachelor of arts.
Ba	british airways.
Ba	Barium.
Baa	bleat.
Baa	Sheep's cry.
Babble	a talk, chatter, or say incoherently or excessively.
Babble	Murmur.
Babble	repeat or divulge foolishly.
Babble	babbling.
Babble	murmur of voices, water, etc.
Babe	literary baby.
Babe	innocent or helpless person.
Babe	young woman.
Babel	confused noise, esp. Of voices.
Babel	scene of confusion.
Baboon	Large long-nosed african and arabian monkey.
Baby	very young child.
Baby	childish person.
Baby	youngest member of a family etc.
Baby	(often
Baby	very young animal.
Baby	small specimen.
Baby	sweetheart.
Baby	one's special concern etc.
Baby	treat like a baby; pamper.
Baby	Babyish
Baby boom	Temporary increase in the birthrate.
Baby buggy	Propr.
Baby buggy	kind of child's pushchair.
Baby carriage	Us pram.
Baby grand	Small grand piano.
Babygro	propr. Stretchy all-in-one baby suit.
Babysit	(-tt-; past and
Babysit	-sat) look after a child while its parents are out.
Baccalaureate	Final secondary school examination in france and many international schools.
Baccarat	Gambling card-game.
Bacchanal	drunken revelry or reveller.
Bacchanal	priest or follower of bacchus.
Bacchanal	of or like bacchus.
Bacchanal	drunkenly riotous.
Bacchanalia	roman festival of bacchus.
Bacchanalia	drunken revelry.
Bacchant	priest or follower of bacchus.
Bacchant	drunken reveller.
Bacchant	of or like bacchus or his rites.
Bacchant	drunkenly riotous, roistering.
Baccy	Tobacco.
Bachelor	unmarried man.
Bachelor	person with a university first degree.
Bachelor girl	Independent young single woman.
Bacillus	rod-shaped bacterium, esp. One causing disease.
Back	a rear surface of the human body from shoulder to hip.
Back	upper surface of an animal's body.
Back	spine
Back	keel of a ship.
Back	backlike surface
Back	reverse or more distant part
Back	defensive player in football etc.
Back	to the rear
Back	in or into a previous state, place, or time
Back	at a distance
Back	in return
Back	in check
Back	a give moral or financial support to.
Back	bet on
Back	move backwards.
Back	a put or serve as a back, background, or support to. B
Back	Accompany.
Back	lie at the back of
Back	move anticlockwise.
Back	situated to the rear; remote, subsidiary
Back	past; not current
Back	reversed
Back	draw back, retreat.
Back	= back down. Back on to have its back adjoining
Back	. Back out
Back	withdraw from a commitment. Back-pedal reverse one's action or opinion. Back to back with backs adjacent and facing each other
Back	. Back up
Back	give
Back	support to.
Back	computing make a backup of
Back	. Get
Back	a person's back up annoy a person. Get off a person's back stop troubling a person. Turn one's back on abandon; ignore.
Back	(in sense
Back	). Backless
Backache	Ache in the back.
Back-bencher	Mp not holding a senior office.
Backbiting	Malicious talk.
Back-boiler	Boiler behind a domestic fire.
Backbone	spine.
Backbone	chief support.
Backbone	firmness of character.
Back-breaking	extremely hard.
Backchat	Verbal insolence.
Backcloth	painted cloth at the back of a stage.
Backcloth	background to a scene or situation.
Backcomb	Comb
Backcomb	towards the scalp to give it fullness.
Backdate	make retrospectively valid.
Backdate	put an earlier date to than the actual one.
Back door	Secret or ingenious means.
Backfire	ignite or explode too early in the cylinder or exhaust.
Backfire	Rebound adversely on its originator.
Back-formation	formation of a word from its seeming derivative
Back-formation	word so formed.
Backgammon	Board-game with pieces moved according to throws of the dice.
Background	part of a scene or picture furthest from the observer.
Background	(often
Background	) Inconspicuous position
Background	person's education, social circumstances, etc.
Background	explanatory or contributory information or events.
Backhand	made with the hand across one's body.
Backhand	Such a stroke.
Backhanded	made with the back of the hand.
Backhanded	indirect; ambiguous
Backhander	a backhand stroke.
Backhander	backhanded blow.
Backhander	bribe.
Backing	a support, esp. Financial or moral.
Backing	material used for a thing's back or support.
Backing	musical accompaniment, esp. To a pop singer.
Backing track	Recorded musical accompaniment.
Backlash	violent, usu. Hostile, reaction.
Backlash	sudden recoil in a mechanism.
Backlist	Publisher's list of books still in print.
Backlog	Arrears of work.
Back number	out-of-date issue of a periodical.
Back number	out-of-date person or thing.
Backpack	Rucksack.
Backpack	Travel or hike with this.
Back passage	Rectum.
Backrest	Support for the back.
Back room	(often, with hyphen,
Back room	) Place where secret work is done.
Back seat	Less prominent or important position.
Back-seat driver	Person eager to advise without taking responsibility.
Backside	Buttocks.
Back	using words spelt backwards
Backslide	(-ding; past -slid;
Backslide	-slid or -slidden) return to bad habits etc.
Backspace	move a typewriter carriage etc. Back one or more spaces.
Backspin	Backward spin making a ball bounce erratically.
Backstage	Behind the scenes.
Backstairs	pl. Rear or side stairs of a building.
Backstairs	underhand; secret.
Backstitch	Sewing with each stitch starting behind the end of the previous one.
Back-stop	cricket etc.
Back-stop	position directly behind the wicket-keeper.
Back-stop	fielder in this position.
Back-stop	last resort.
Backstreet	Side-street, alley.
Backstreet	Illicit; illegal
Backstroke	Swimming stroke done on the back.
Back-to-back	with a party wall at the rear.
Back to front	with back and front reversed.
Back to front	in disorder.
Back-to-nature	Seeking a simpler way of life.
Backtrack	retrace one's steps.
Backtrack	reverse one's policy or opinion.
Backup	(often
Backup	support; reserve
Backup	computing a making of spare copies of data for safety.
Backup	copy so made.
Backward	towards the rear or starting-point
Backward	reversed
Backward	slow to develop or progress.
Backward	hesitant, shy.
Backwards	away from one's front
Backwards	a with the back foremost
Backwards	in reverse of the usual way
Backwards	a into a worse state.
Backwards	into the past.
Backwards	back towards the starting-point
Backwards	Make every effort, esp. To be fair or helpful.
Backwash	receding waves made by a ship etc.
Backwash	repercussions.
Backwater	peaceful, secluded, or dull place.
Backwater	stagnant water fed from a stream.
Backwoods	remote uncleared forest land.
Backwoods	remote region.
Backyard	Yard behind a house etc.
Bacon	Cured meat from the back or sides of a pig.
Bacteriology	The study of bacteria.
Bacterium	unicellular micro-organism lacking an organized nucleus, esp. Of a kind causing disease.
Bad	inadequate, defective
Bad	unpleasant
Bad	harmful
Bad	decayed.
Bad	Ill, injured
Bad	Regretful, guilty
Bad	serious, severe
Bad	a morally unacceptable
Bad	naughty.
Bad	not valid
Bad	esp. Us
Bad	excellent.
Bad	Ill fortune; ruin.
Bad	Badly.
Bad	Fairly good. Too bad
Bad	Regrettable.
Bad blood	Ill feeling.
Bad breath	Unpleasant-smelling breath.
Bad debt	Debt that is not recoverable.
Baddy	Villain in a story, film, etc.
Bad faith	Intent to deceive.
Badge	small flat emblem worn to signify office, membership, etc., or as decoration.
Badge	thing that reveals a condition or quality.
Badger	Nocturnal burrowing mammal with a black and white striped head.
Badger	Pester, harass.
Badinage	Playful ridicule.
Bad lot	Person of bad character.
Badly	in a bad manner.
Badly	Very much
Badly	severely
Badminton	Game with rackets and a shuttlecock.
Bad-mouth	Esp. Us
Bad-mouth	abuse verbally, put down.
Bad news	Unpleasant or troublesome person or thing.
Bad-tempered	Irritable.
Baffle	perplex.
Baffle	frustrate, hinder.
Baffle	Device that checks flow esp. Of fluid or sound waves.
Bafta	British association of film and television arts.
Bag	soft open-topped receptacle.
Bag	a piece of luggage.
Bag	woman's handbag.
Bag	(in
Bag	; usu. Foll. By of)
Bag	Large amount
Bag	derog. Woman.
Bag	animal's sac.
Bag	amount of game shot by one person.
Bag	(usu. In
Bag	) Baggy skin under the eyes.
Bag	particular interest
Bag	secure
Bag	Claim as being the first
Bag	put in a bag.
Bag	hang loosely; bulge.
Bag	Achieved, secured.
Bagatelle	game in which small balls are struck into holes on a board.
Bagatelle	mere trifle.
Bagatelle	short piece of esp. Piano music.
Bagel	Ring-shaped bread roll.
Baggage	luggage.
Baggage	portable army equipment.
Baggage	joc. Or derog. Girl or woman.
Baggage	mental encumbrances.
Baggy	hanging loosely.
Baggy	Bagginess
Bagpipe	(usu. In
Bagpipe	) Musical instrument consisting of a windbag connected to reeded pipes.
Baguette	Long thin french loaf.
Bah	Expressing contempt or disbelief.
Baha'i	member of a monotheistic religion emphasizing religious unity and world peace.
Bail1	money etc. Pledged against the temporary release of an untried prisoner.
Bail1	person
Bail1	giving this.
Bail1	release or secure the release of
Bail1	on payment of bail.
Bail1	release from a difficulty; rescue.
Bail2	cricket either of two crosspieces bridging the stumps.
Bail2	bar holding the paper against a typewriter platen.
Bail2	bar separating horses in an open stable.
Bail3	scoop water out of
Bail3	scoop
Bail3	Out.
Bail2	cricket either of two crosspieces bridging the stumps.
Bail2	bar holding the paper against a typewriter platen.
Bail2	bar separating horses in an open stable.
Bail3	scoop water out of
Bail3	scoop
Bail3	Out.
Bailey	outer wall of a castle.
Bailey	court enclosed by it.
Bailey bridge	Prefabricated military bridge for rapid assembly.
Bailiff	sheriff's officer who executes writs and carries out distraints.
Bailiff	landlord's agent or steward.
Bailiwick	law district of a bailiff.
Bailiwick	joc. Person's particular interest.
Bain-marie	pan of hot water holding a pan containing sauce etc. For slow heating.
Bairn	Scot. &
Bairn	engl. Child.
Bait	food used to entice prey.
Bait	allurement.
Bait	harass, torment, or annoy
Bait	put bait on
Baize	Usu. Green woollen felted material, used for coverings.
Bake	cook or become cooked by dry heat, esp. In an oven.
Bake	Be very hot.
Bake	harden by heat.
Baked beans	pl. Baked haricot beans, usu. Tinned in tomato sauce.
Bakelite	Propr. Plastic made from formaldehyde and phenol, used formerly for buttons, plates, etc.
Baker	Person who bakes and sells bread, cakes, etc., esp. For a living.
Baker day	Day set aside for in-service training of teachers.
Baker's dozen	Thirteen.
Bakery	place where bread and cakes are made or sold.
Bakewell tart	Open pastry case lined with jam and filled with almond paste.
Baking-powder	Mixture of sodium bicarbonate, cream of tartar, etc., as a raising agent.
Baking-soda	Sodium bicarbonate.
Baklava	Rich sweetmeat of flaky pastry, honey, and nuts.
Baksheesh	Gratuity, tip.
Balaclava	usu. Woollen covering for the whole head and neck, except for the face.
Balalaika	Guitar-like stringed instrument with a triangular body.
Balance	a even distribution of weight or amount.
Balance	stability of body or mind.
Balance	apparatus for weighing, esp. One with a central pivot, beam, and two scales.
Balance	a counteracting weight or force.
Balance	regulating device in a clock etc.
Balance	decisive weight or amount
Balance	a agreement or difference between credits and debits in an account.
Balance	amount still owing or outstanding
Balance	amount left over.
Balance	a art harmony and proportion. B
Balance	Relative volume of sources of sound.
Balance	zodiacal sign or constellation libra.
Balance	bring into, keep, or be in equilibrium
Balance	offset or compare
Balance	with another
Balance	counteract, equal, or neutralize the weight or importance of.
Balance	(usu. As balanced
Balance	) Make well-proportioned and harmonious
Balance	a compare and esp
Balance of payments	Difference in value between payments into and out of a country.
Balance of power	situation of roughly equal power among the chief states of the world.
Balance of power	power held by a small group when larger groups are of equal strength.
Balance of trade	Difference in value between imports and exports.
Balance sheet	Statement giving the balance of an account.
Balcony	usu. Balustraded platform on the outside of a building with access from an upper floor.
Balcony	upper tier of seats in a theatre etc.
Bald	lacking some or all hair on the scalp.
Bald	lacking the usual hair, feathers, leaves, etc.
Bald	With a worn surface
Bald	plain, direct
Bald	(in senses
Bald	–3). Baldly
Bald	(in sense
Bald	). Baldness
Balderdash	Nonsense.
Bale1	Tightly bound bundle of merchandise or hay.
Bale1	make up into bales.
Bale1	make an emergency parachute descent.
Bale1	var. Of *bail1
Baleen	Whalebone.
Baleful	menacing in look, manner, etc.
Baleful	malignant, destructive.
Balkan	of the region of se europe bounded by the adriatic, aegean, and black sea.
Balkan	of its peoples or countries.
Ball1	sphere, esp. For use in a game.
Ball1	a ball-shaped object; material in the shape of a ball
Ball1	rounded part of the body
Ball1	cannon-ball.
Ball1	single delivery or pass of a ball in cricket, baseball, football, etc.
Ball1	(in
Ball1	a testicles.
Ball1	(usu. As
Ball1	) Nonsense.
Ball1	courage, ‘guts’.
Ball1	Form into a ball.
Ball1	bungle; make a mess of. On the ball
Ball1	Alert.
Ball2	formal social gathering for dancing.
Ball2	enjoyable time
Ballad	poem or song narrating a popular story.
Ballad	slow sentimental song.
Balladry	Ballad poetry.
Ball-and-socket joint	Joint in which a rounded end lies in a concave socket.
Ballast	heavy material stabilizing a ship, the car of a balloon, etc.
Ballast	stone etc. As the bed of a railway track or road.
Ballast	mixture of
Ballast	and fine aggregate for making concrete.
Ballast	Provide with ballast.
Ball-bearing	bearing in which the two halves are separated by a ring of small balls.
Ball-bearing	one of these balls.
Ballboy	boy or girl who retrieves balls.
Ballcock	Floating ball on a hinged arm controlling the water level in a cistern.
Ballerina	Female ballet-dancer.
Ballet	dramatic or representational style of dancing to music.
Ballet	particular piece or performance of ballet.
Ballet-dancer	Dancer of ballet.
Ball game	a game played with a ball.
Ball game	us baseball game.
Ball game	esp. Us
Ball game	Affair; matter
Ballista	catapult for hurling large stones etc.
Ballistic	Of projectiles.
Ballistic missile	Missile that is powered and guided but falls by gravity.
Ballistics	pl.
Ballistics	Science of projectiles and firearms.
Balloon	small inflatable rubber toy or decoration.
Balloon	large usu. Round inflatable flying bag, often carrying a basket for passengers.
Balloon	Balloon shape enclosing dialogue etc. In a comic strip or cartoon.
Balloon	swell out like a balloon.
Balloon	travel by balloon.
Ballot	occasion or system of voting, in writing and usu. Secret.
Ballot	total of such votes.
Ballot	paper etc. Used in voting.
Ballot	a hold a ballot; give a vote.
Ballot	draw lots for precedence etc.
Ballot	take a ballot of
Ballot-box	Sealed box for completed ballot-papers.
Ballpark	baseball ground.
Ballpark	Sphere of activity, etc.
Ballpark	Approximate.
Ballpark	Approximately correct.
Ball-point	pen with a tiny ball as its writing point.
Ballroom	Large room for dancing.
Ballroom dancing	Formal social dancing.
Balls-up	bungle, mess.
Bally	mild form of bloody (see *bloody
Ballyhoo	loud noise or fuss.
Ballyhoo	noisy publicity.
Balm	aromatic ointment.
Balm	fragrant oil or resin exuded from certain trees and plants.
Balm	thing that heals or soothes.
Balm	aromatic herb.
Balmy	mild and fragrant; soothing.
Balmy	Balminess
Balsa	tough lightweight wood used for making models etc.
Balsa	tropical american tree yielding it.
Balsam	resin exuded from various trees and shrubs.
Balsam	ointment, esp. Containing oil or turpentine.
Balsam	tree or shrub yielding balsam.
Balsam	any of several flowering plants.
Baluster	Short post or pillar supporting a rail.
Balustrade	Railing supported by balusters, esp. On a balcony.
Bamboo	tropical giant woody grass.
Bamboo	its stem, used for canes, furniture, etc.
Bamboo shoot	Young shoot of bamboo, eaten as a vegetable.
Bamboozle	Cheat; mystify.
Ban	forbid, prohibit, esp. Formally.
Ban	Formal prohibition
Banal	Trite, commonplace.
Banal	. Banally
Banana	long curved soft fruit with a yellow skin.
Banana	treelike plant bearing it.
Banana	go mad.
Banana republic	Derog. Small state, esp. In central america, dependent on foreign capital.
Band	flat, thin strip or loop of paper, metal, cloth, etc., put round something esp. To hold or decorate it.
Band	a strip of material on a garment.
Band	stripe.
Band	group of esp. Non-classical musicians.
Band	organized group of criminals etc.
Band	range of frequencies, wavelengths, or values.
Band	belt connecting wheels or pulleys.
Band	unite.
Band	put a band on.
Band	mark with stripes.
Bandage	Strip of material used to bind a wound etc.
Bandage	bind with a bandage.
Bandanna	Large patterned handkerchief or neckerchief.
B. & b.	Bed and breakfast.
Bandbox	Hatbox.
Bandeau	narrow headband.
Banderole	long narrow flag with a cleft end.
Banderole	ribbon-like inscribed scroll.
Bandicoot	catlike australian marsupial.
Bandicoot	destructive rat in india.
Bandit	Robber or outlaw, esp. One attacking travellers etc.
Bandmaster	Conductor of a band.
Bandog	Fighting-dog bred for its strength and ferocity.
Bandolier	shoulder belt with loops or pockets for cartridges.
Band-saw	Mechanical saw with a blade formed by an endless toothed band.
Bandsman	Player in a band.
Bandstand	Outdoor platform for musicians.
Bandwidth	Range of frequencies within a given band.
Bandy1	curved so as to be wide apart at the knees.
Bandy1	having bandy legs.
Bandy2	a pass
Bandy2	To and fro.
Bandy2	discuss disparagingly
Bandy2	exchange
Bane	cause of ruin or trouble.
Bane	poet. Ruin.
Bane	(except in
Bane	) Poison
Bang	loud short sound.
Bang	sharp blow.
Bang	act of sexual intercourse.
Bang	us fringe cut straight across the forehead.
Bang	strike or shut noisily
Bang	make a bang.
Bang	have sexual intercourse
Bang	with a bang.
Bang	Exactly
Bang	Exactly right. Go bang
Bang	shut noisily.
Bang	explode.
Bang	Be suddenly lost
Banger	sausage.
Banger	noisy old car.
Banger	firework designed to go bang.
Bangle	Rigid bracelet or anklet.
Banish	condemn to exile.
Banish	dismiss
Banister	(usu. In
Banister	) Uprights and handrail beside a staircase.
Banjo	guitar-like stringed instrument with a circular body.
Bank1	sloping ground beside a river.
Bank1	raised area, esp. In the sea; slope.
Bank1	mass of cloud, fog, snow, etc.
Bank1	heap or rise into banks.
Bank1	pack
Bank1	tightly for slow burning.
Bank1	Round a curve with one side higher than the other.
Bank1	cause to do this.
Bank2	establishment for depositing, withdrawing, and borrowing money.
Bank2	kitty in some gambling games.
Bank2	storage place
Bank2	deposit
Bank2	In a bank.
Bank2	keep money
Bank2	Rely on
Banknote	Piece of paper money.
Bankrupt	legally declared insolvent.
Bankrupt	exhausted or drained
Bankrupt	Insolvent person, esp. One whose assets are used to repay creditors.
Bankrupt	Make bankrupt.
Banksia	Australian evergreen flowering shrub.
Banner	large sign bearing a slogan or design, esp. In a demonstration or procession; flag.
Banner	slogan, esp. Political.
Banner headline	Large, esp. Front-page, newspaper headline.
Bannock	Scot. &
Bannock	engl. Round flat loaf, usu. Unleavened.
Banns	pl. Notice announcing an intended marriage, read out in a parish church.
Banquet	Sumptuous, esp. Formal, feast or dinner.
Banquet	attend, or entertain with, a banquet; feast.
Banquette	Upholstered bench, esp. In a restaurant or bar.
Banshee	Ir.
Banshee	scot. Wailing female spirit warning of death in a house.
Bantam	a kind of small domestic fowl.
Bantam	small but aggressive person.
Bantamweight	weight in certain sports between flyweight and featherweight, in amateur boxing
Bantamweight	1–4 kg.
Bantamweight	sportsman of this weight.
Banter	Good-humoured teasing.
Banter	tease.
Banter	exchange banter.
Bantu	often offens. Member of a large group of central and southern african blacks.
Bantu	group of languages spoken by them.
Bantu	Of these peoples or languages.
Bantustan	S.afr. Often offens.
Banyan	indian fig tree with self-rooting branches.
Baobab	African tree with a massive trunk and large pulpy fruit.
Bap	Soft flattish bread roll.
Baptism	Symbolic admission to the christian church, with water and usu. Name-giving.
Baptism of fire	initiation into battle.
Baptism of fire	painful initiation into an activity.
Baptist	person who baptizes, esp. John the baptist.
Baptist	christian advocating baptism by total immersion.
Baptistery	a part of a church used for baptism.
Baptistery	hist. Separate building used for baptism.
Baptistery	receptacle used for immersion.
Baptize	administer baptism to.
Baptize	give a name or nickname to.
Bar1	long piece of rigid material, esp. Used to confine or obstruct.
Bar1	a something of similar form
Bar1	band of colour or light.
Bar1	heating element of an electric fire.
Bar1	metal strip below the clasp of a medal, awarded as an extra distinction.
Bar1	heraldry narrow horizontal stripe across a shield.
Bar1	a counter for serving alcohol etc. On.
Bar1	room or building containing it.
Bar1	small shop or stall serving refreshments
Bar1	counter for a special service
Bar1	a barrier.
Bar1	restriction
Bar1	prisoner's enclosure in a lawcourt.
Bar1	any of the sections into which a piece of music is divided by vertical lines.
Bar1	law a barristers collectively.
Bar1	profession of barrister.
Bar1	a fasten with a bar or bars.
Bar1	shut or keep in or out.
Bar1	obstruct, prevent.
Bar1	prohibit, exclude.
Bar1	mark with stripes.
Bar1	Except.
Bar2	Esp. Meteorol. Unit of pressure,
Bar2	05 newtons per square metre, approx. One atmosphere.
Barathea	Fine wool cloth.
Barb	secondary backward-facing projection from an arrow, fish-hook, etc.
Barb	hurtful remark.
Barb	fleshy filament at the mouth of some fish.
Barb	fit with a barb.
Barb	(as barbed
Barb	Deliberately hurtful.
Barbarian	uncultured or brutish person.
Barbarian	member of a primitive tribe etc.
Barbarian	rough and uncultured.
Barbarian	uncivilized.
Barbaric	uncultured; brutal, cruel.
Barbaric	primitive.
Barbarism	barbaric state or act.
Barbarism	non-standard word or expression.
Barbarity	savage cruelty.
Barbarity	brutal act.
Barbecue	a meal cooked over charcoal etc. Out of doors.
Barbecue	party for this.
Barbecue	grill etc. Used for this.
Barbecue	cook on a barbecue.
Barbed wire	Wire with interwoven sharp spikes, used in fences and barriers.
Barbel	freshwater fish with barbs.
Barbell	Iron bar with removable weights at each end, used for weightlifting.
Barber	Person who cuts men's hair etc. By profession.
Barberry	shrub with yellow flowers and red berries.
Barberry	its berry.
Barber-shop	Close harmony singing for four male voices.
Barber's pole	Pole with spiral red and white stripes as a barber's sign.
Barbican	Outer defence, esp.
Barbican	double tower above a gate or drawbridge.
Barbie	Austral.
Barbie	barbecue.
Bar billiards	pl. Form of billiards with holes in the table.
Barbiturate	Soporific or sedative drug from barbituric acid.
Barbituric acid	Organic acid from which barbiturates are derived.
Barbour	Propr. Type of green waxed jacket.
Barcarole	gondoliers' song.
Barcarole	music imitating this.
Bar code	Machine-readable striped code on packaging etc.
Bard	poet. Poet.
Bard	a hist. Celtic minstrel.
Bard	prizewinner at an eisteddfod.
Bare	unclothed or uncovered.
Bare	leafless; unfurnished; empty.
Bare	plain, unadorned
Bare	Scanty, just sufficient
Bare	uncover, reveal
Bareback	Without a saddle.
Barefaced	Shameless, impudent.
Barefoot	wearing nothing on the feet.
Bareheaded	Wearing nothing on the head.
Barely	scarcely
Barely	scantily
Bargain	a agreement on the terms of a sale etc.
Bargain	this from the buyer's viewpoint
Bargain	cheap thing.
Bargain	discuss the terms of a sale etc.
Bargain	On) be prepared for; expect. Bargain on rely on. Into the bargain moreover.
Barge	long flat-bottomed cargo boat on a canal or river.
Barge	long ornamental pleasure boat.
Barge	a intrude rudely or awkwardly
Barge	collide with
Barge	move clumsily about.
Bargeboard	Board fixed to the gable-end of a roof to hide the ends of the roof timbers.
Bargee	Person sailing a barge.
Baritone	a second-lowest adult male singing voice.
Baritone	singer with this voice.
Baritone	instrument pitched second-lowest in its family.
Barium	White soft metallic element.
Barium meal	Mixture swallowed to reveal the abdomen in x-rays.
Bark1	sharp explosive cry of a dog, fox, etc.
Bark1	sound like this.
Bark1	Give a bark.
Bark1	speak or utter sharply or brusquely.
Bark1	Cough harshly.
Bark2	Tough outer skin of tree-trunks, branches, etc.
Bark2	graze
Bark2	strip bark from.
Barker	Tout at an auction, sideshow, etc.
Barley	cereal used as food and in spirits.
Barley	its grain.
Barley sugar	Sweet made from sugar, usu. In twisted sticks.
Barley water	Drink made from a boiled barley mixture.
Barm	Froth on fermenting malt liquor.
Barmaid	Woman serving in a pub etc.
Barman	Man serving in a pub etc.
Bar mitzvah	religious initiation ceremony of a jewish boy at
Bar mitzvah	boy undergoing this.
Barmy	crazy, stupid.
Barn	Large farm building for storing grain etc.
Barnacle	marine crustacean clinging to rocks, ships' bottoms, etc.
Barnacle	tenacious attendant or follower.
Barnacle goose	Arctic goose.
Barn dance	informal gathering for country dancing.
Barn dance	a kind of country dance.
Barney	Noisy quarrel.
Barn-owl	kind of owl frequenting barns.
Barnstorm	Tour rural areas as an actor or political campaigner.
Barnyard	Area around a barn.
Barograph	Barometer equipped to record its readings.
Barometer	instrument measuring atmospheric pressure, used in meteorology.
Barometer	anything which reflects change.
Baron	member of the lowest order of the british or foreign nobility.
Baron	powerful businessman, entrepreneur, etc.
Baron	hist. Person holding lands from the sovereign.
Baroness	woman holding the rank of baron.
Baroness	baron's wife or widow.
Baronet	Member of the lowest hereditary titled british order.
Baron of beef	Double sirloin.
Barony	domain or rank of a baron.
Baroque	highly ornate and extravagant in style, esp. Of european art etc. Of the
Baroque	7th and
Baroque	8th c.
Baroque	of this period.
Baroque	Baroque style or art.
Bar person	Barmaid or barman.
Barque	sailing-ship with the rear mast fore-and-aft rigged and other masts square-rigged.
Barque	poet. Boat.
Barrack1	(usu. In
Barrack1	, often treated as sing.)
Barrack1	housing for soldiers.
Barrack1	large bleak building.
Barrack1	Lodge
Barrack1	In barracks.
Barrack2	shout or jeer at
Barrack2	cheer for, encourage
Barracouta	long slender fish of southern oceans.
Barracuda	large tropical marine fish.
Barrage	concentrated artillery bombardment.
Barrage	rapid succession of questions or criticisms.
Barrage	artificial barrier in a river etc.
Barrage balloon	Large anchored balloon used as a defence against low-flying aircraft.
Barratry	Fraud or gross negligence by a ship's master or crew.
Barre	Horizontal bar at waist level, used in dance exercises.
Barré	Method of playing a chord on the guitar etc. With a finger laid across the strings at a particular fret.
Barrel	cylindrical usu. Convex container.
Barrel	its contents.
Barrel	measure of capacity (30 to
Barrel	0 gallons).
Barrel	cylindrical tube forming part of an object, e.g.
Barrel	gun or a pen.
Barrel-organ	Mechanical musical instrument with a rotating pin-studded cylinder.
Barren	a unable to bear young.
Barren	Unproductive.
Barren	unprofitable, dull.
Barricade	Barrier, esp. Improvised.
Barricade	block or defend with this.
Barrier	fence etc. That bars advance or access.
Barrier	obstacle
Barrier cream	Protective skin cream.
Barrier reef	Coral reef separated from the shore by a channel.
Barring	Except, not including.
Barrister	Advocate entitled to practise in the higher courts.
Barrow1	two-wheeled handcart.
Barrow2	Ancient grave-mound.
Bartender	Person serving in a pub etc.
Barter	trade in goods without using money.
Barter	exchange
Barter	Trade by bartering.
Baryon	Heavy elementary particle (i.e.
Baryon	nucleon or a hyperon).
Baryta	Barium oxide or hydroxide.
Barytes	Mineral form of barium sulphate.
Basal	Of, at, or forming a base.
Basalt	dark volcanic rock.
Base1	a part supporting from beneath or serving as a foundation.
Base1	notional support or foundation
Base1	principle or starting-point.
Base1	esp. Mil. Headquarters.
Base1	main or important ingredient.
Base1	number in terms of which other numbers or logarithms are expressed.
Base1	substance capable of combining with an acid to form a salt.
Base1	baseball etc. Each of the four stations on a pitch.
Base1	found or establish
Base1	station
Base2	cowardly, despicable.
Base2	menial.
Base2	alloyed
Base2	low in value.
Baseball	game played esp. In the us with a circuit of four bases which batsmen must complete.
Baseball	ball used in this.
Baseless	Unfounded, groundless.
Baseline	line used as a base or starting-point.
Baseline	line marking each end of a tennis-court.
Basement	Floor of a building below ground level.
Base rate	Interest rate set by the bank of england, used as the basis for other banks' rates.
Bases	Of *base1, *basis.
Bash	a strike bluntly or heavily.
Bash	Attack violently.
Bash	Damage or break by striking forcibly.
Bash	collide with.
Bash	heavy blow.
Bash	attempt.
Bashful	Shy, diffident.
Basic	Computer programming language using familiar english words.
Basic	serving as a base; fundamental.
Basic	a simplest or lowest in level
Basic	vulgar
Basic	(usu. In
Basic	) Fundamental facts or principles.
Basic slag	Fertilizer containing phosphates formed as a by-product in steel manufacture.
Basil	Aromatic herb used as flavouring.
Basilica	ancient roman hall with an apse and colonnades, used as a lawcourt etc.
Basilica	similar building as a christian church.
Basilisk	mythical reptile with lethal breath and glance.
Basilisk	small american crested lizard.
Basin	round open vessel for holding liquids or preparing food in.
Basin	hollow depression.
Basin	sheltered mooring area.
Basin	round valley.
Basin	area drained by a river.
Basis	foundation or support.
Basis	main principle or ingredient
Basis	starting-point for a discussion etc.
Bask	relax in warmth and light.
Bask	revel in
Basket	container made of interwoven cane, reed, wire, etc.
Basket	amount held by this.
Basket	the goal in basketball, or a goal scored.
Basket	econ. Group or range
Basketball	game in which goals are scored by putting the ball through high nets.
Basketball	ball used in this.
Basketry	art of weaving cane etc.
Basketry	work so produced.
Basket weave	Weave like wickerwork.
Basking shark	Large shark which lies near the surface of the sea.
Basque	member of a people of the western pyrenees.
Basque	their language.
Basque	Of the basques or their language.
Bas-relief	Sculpture or carving with figures projecting slightly from the background.
Bass1	a lowest adult male singing voice.
Bass1	singer with this voice.
Bass1	instrument pitched lowest in its family.
Bass1	Bass guitar or double-bass.
Bass1	low-frequency output of a radio, record-player, etc.
Bass1	lowest in musical pitch.
Bass1	deep-sounding.
Bass1	(in sense
Bass2	common perch.
Bass2	other spiny-finned fish of the perch family.
Bass clef	Clef placing f below middle c on the second highest line of the staff.
Basset	sturdy hunting-dog with a long body and short legs.
Bass guitar	Electric guitar tuned as a double-bass.
Bassinet	Child's wicker cradle, usu. Hooded.
Basso	singer with a bass voice.
Bassoon	Bass instrument of the oboe family.
Bast	Fibre from the inner bark of a tree
Bastardize	corrupt, debase.
Bastardize	declare
Bastardize	illegitimate.
Baste1	moisten
Baste1	with fat etc. During cooking.
Baste1	beat, thrash.
Baste2	sew with large loose stitches, tack.
Bastinado	Beating with a stick on the soles of the feet.
Bastinado	punish in this way.
Bastion	projecting part of a fortification.
Bastion	thing regarded as protecting
Bat1	implement with a handle, used for hitting balls in games.
Bat1	turn with this.
Bat1	batsman.
Bat1	hit with or as with a bat.
Bat1	take a turn at batting.
Bat2	Mouselike nocturnal flying mammal.
Bat3	Show no reaction or emotion.
Batch	group of things or persons considered or dealt with together; instalment.
Batch	loaves produced at one baking.
Batch	computing group of records processed as one unit.
Batch	Arrange or deal with in batches.
Bath	container for sitting in and washing the body.
Bath	its contents.
Bath	act of washing in it
Bath	(usu. In
Bath	) Public building with baths or a swimming-pool.
Bath	a vessel containing liquid for immersing something, e.g.
Bath	film for developing.
Bath	its contents.
Bath	wash (esp.
Bath	baby) in a bath.
Bath	take a bath.
Bath bun	Round spiced bun with currants, often iced.
Bath chair	Wheelchair for invalids.
Bath cube	Cube of soluble substance for scenting or softening bath-water.
Bathe	immerse oneself in water, esp. To swim or wash oneself.
Bathe	immerse in, wash, or treat with liquid.
Bathe	Envelop.
Bathe	Swim.
Bathhouse	Public building with baths.
Bathing-costume	garment worn for swimming.
Bathos	Lapse in mood from the sublime to the absurd or trivial; anticlimax.
Bathos	Bathotic
Bathrobe	Esp. Us dressing-gown, esp. Of towelling.
Bathroom	room with a bath, wash-basin, etc.
Bathroom	us room with a lavatory.
Bath salts	pl. Soluble powder or crystals for scenting or softening bath-water.
Bathyscaphe	Manned vessel for deep-sea diving.
Bathysphere	Vessel for deep-sea observation.
Batik	method of dyeing textiles by applying wax to parts to be left uncoloured.
Batik	cloth so treated.
Batiste	Fine linen or cotton cloth.
Batman	Army officer's servant.
Baton	thin stick for conducting an orchestra etc.
Baton	short stick passed on in a relay race.
Baton	stick carried by a drum major.
Baton	staff of office.
Baton round	Rubber or plastic bullet.
Batrachian	Amphibian that discards its gills and tail, esp.
Batrachian	frog or toad.
Batrachian	Of batrachians.
Bats	crazy.
Batsman	Person who bats, esp. In cricket.
Battalion	army unit usu. Of
Battalion	00–1000 men.
Battalion	large group with a common aim.
Batten1	a long flat strip of squared timber.
Batten1	horizontal strip of wood to which laths, tiles, etc., are fastened.
Batten1	strip for securing tarpaulin over a ship's hatchway.
Batten1	Strengthen or
Batten1	fasten with battens.
Batten2	thrive at the expense of
Battenberg	Oblong sponge cake, usu. Of two colours and covered with marzipan.
Batter1	a strike hard and repeatedly.
Batter1	Pound insistently
Batter1	a subject to long-term violence
Batter1	criticize severely.
Batter2	Mixture of flour, egg, and milk or water, used for pancakes etc.
Battered	Coated in batter and deep-fried.
Battering-ram	Hist. Beam used in breaching fortifications.
Battery	usu. Portable container of an electrically charged cell or cells as a source of current.
Battery	(often
Battery	) Series of cages for the intensive breeding and rearing of poultry or cattle.
Battery	set of similar units of equipment; series, sequence.
Battery	emplacement for heavy guns.
Battery	law unlawful physical violence against a person.
Battle	prolonged fight between armed forces.
Battle	difficult struggle; contest
Battle	engage in battle; fight.
Battleaxe	large axe used in ancient warfare.
Battleaxe	Formidable older woman.
Battlebus	Bus used by a politician during an election campaign as a mobile centre of operations.
Battle-cruiser	Hist. Warship of higher speed and lighter armour than a battleship.
Battle-cry	Cry or slogan used in a battle or contest.
Battledore	Hist.
Battledore	game played with a shuttlecock and rackets.
Battledore	racket used in this.
Battledress	Everyday uniform of a soldier.
Battlefield	scene of a battle.
Battlement	(usu. In
Battlement	) Recessed parapet along the top of a wall, as part of a fortification.
Battle royal	battle of many combatants; free fight.
Battle royal	heated argument.
Battleship	Heavily armoured warship.
Batty	crazy.
Batwing	shaped like a bat's wing.
Bauble	Showy worthless trinket or toy.
Baulk	jib, hesitate.
Baulk	a thwart, hinder.
Baulk	disappoint.
Baulk	miss, let slip
Baulk	hindrance; stumbling-block.
Baulk	roughly-squared timber beam.
Bauxite	Claylike mineral, the chief source of aluminium.
Bawdy	humorously indecent.
Bawdy	Such talk or writing.
Bawdy-house	Brothel.
Bawl	speak or shout noisily.
Bawl	weep loudly.
Bawl	Reprimand angrily.
Bay1	Broad curving inlet of the sea.
Bay2	laurel with deep green leaves.
Bay2	(in
Bay2	) Bay wreath, for a victor or poet.
Bay3	recess; alcove in a wall.
Bay3	compartment
Bay3	area specially allocated
Bay4	dark reddish-brown.
Bay4	Bay horse.
Bay5	Bark or howl loudly and plaintively.
Bay5	Sound of this, esp. Of hounds in close pursuit.
Bayberry	fragrant
Bayberry	American tree.
Bay-leaf	Leaf of the bay-tree, used for flavouring.
Bayonet	stabbing blade attachable to the muzzle of a rifle.
Bayonet	electrical fitting pushed into a socket and twisted.
Bayonet	stab with bayonet.
Bay rum	Perfume distilled orig. From bayberry leaves in rum.
Bay window	Window projecting outwards from a wall.
Bazaar	oriental market.
Bazaar	fund-raising sale of goods, esp. For charity.
Bazooka	Anti-tank rocket-launcher.
Bb	Double-black
Bbc	British broadcasting corporation.
Bc	British columbia.
Bc	Before christ.
Bcg	Bacillus calmette-guérin, an anti-tuberculosis vaccine.
Bd	Bachelor of divinity.
Bdellium	tree yielding resin.
Bdellium	this used in perfumes.
Be	Beryllium.
Be	(sing. Present am; are; is; past was; were; pres. Part. Being;
Be	Been)
Be	exist, live
Be	a occur; take place
Bevel	slope from the horizontal or vertical in carpentry etc.; sloping surface or edge.
Bevel	tool for marking angles.
Bevel	reduce
Bevel	to a sloping edge.
Bevel	slope at an angle.
Bevel gear	Gear working another at an angle to it.
Beverage	Formal drink.
Bevy	company
Bewail	Lament; wail over.
Beware	be cautious
Bewilder	Perplex, confuse.
Bewilder	Bewilderment
Bewitch	enchant.
Bewitch	cast a spell on.
Beyond	at or to the further side of.
Beyond	outside the scope or understanding of
Beyond	more than.
Beyond	at or to the further side.
Beyond	further on.
Beyond	the unknown after death.
Bezel	sloped edge of a chisel.
Bezel	oblique faces of a cut gem.
Bezel	groove holding a watch-glass or gem.
Bezique	Card-game for two.
B.f.	Bloody fool.
B.f.	brought forward.
Bhang	Indian hemp used as a narcotic.
B.h.p.	Brake horsepower.
Bi	Bismuth.
Bi-	Form forming nouns, adjectives, and verbs, meaning:
Bi-	division into two
Bi-	a occurring twice in every one or once in every two
Bi-	lasting for two
Bi-	chem. Substance having a double proportion of what is indicated by the simple word
Bi-	bot.
Bi-	zool. Having divided parts which are themselves similarly divided
Biannual	Occurring etc. Twice a year.
Bias	predisposition or prejudice.
Bias	statistics distortion of a statistical result due to a neglected factor.
Bias	edge cut obliquely across the weave of a fabric.
Bias	sport a irregular shape given to a bowl.
Bias	oblique course this causes it to run.
Bias	(esp. As biased
Bias	) Influence
Bias	; prejudice.
Bias	give a bias to.
Bias binding	Strip of fabric cut obliquely and used to bind edges.
Biathlon	Athletic contest in skiing and shooting or cycling and running.
Bib	piece of cloth etc. Fastened round a child's neck while eating.
Bib	top front part of an apron, dungarees, etc.
Bib-cock	Tap with a bent nozzle.
Bible	christian scriptures of old and new testaments.
Bible	copy of these.
Bible	Authoritative book.
Bible-bashing	aggressive fundamentalist preaching.
Bibliography	list of books on a specific subject, by a particular author, etc.; book containing this.
Bibliography	the study of books, their authorship, editions, etc.
Bibliography	Bibliographical
Bibliophile	Lover or collector of books.
Bibulous	Tending to drink alcohol.
Bicameral	having two chambers.
Bicarbonate	any acid salt of carbonic acid.
Bicarbonate	sodium bicarbonate used as an antacid or in baking-powder.
Bicentenary	two-hundredth anniversary.
Bicentenary	celebration of this.
Biceps	muscle with two heads or attachments, esp. That bending the elbow.
Bicker	Argue pettily.
Bicuspid	Having two cusps.
Bicuspid	The premolar tooth in humans.
Bicycle	Pedal-driven two-wheeled vehicle.
Bicycle	ride a bicycle.
Bid	(-dd-; past bid,
Bid	bade;
Bid	Bid,
Bid	bidden)
Bid	(past and
Bid	Bid) a
Bid	make an offer
Bid	offer a service for a stated price.
Bid	literary command; invite
Bid	literary utter
Bid	to
Bid	(past and
Bid	Bid) cards state before play how many tricks one intends to make.
Bid	act of bidding.
Bid	amount bid.
Bid	Attempt; effort
Biddable	Obedient.
Bidding	command, request, or invitation.
Bidding	bids at an auction or in a card-game.
Biddy	woman
Bidet	Low basin for sitting on to wash the genital area.
Biennial	Lasting, or recurring every, two years.
Biennial	Plant that grows from seed one year and flowers and dies the following.
Bier	Movable frame on which a coffin or corpse rests.
Biff	Sharp blow.
Biff	Strike
Bifid	Divided by a deep cleft into two parts.
Bifocal	Having two focuses, esp. Of a lens with a part for distant and a part for near vision.
Bifocal	(in
Bifocal	) Bifocal spectacles.
Bifurcate	fork.
Bifurcate	Forked; branched.
Big	a of considerable size, amount, intensity, etc.
Big	of a large or the largest size
Big	important
Big	adult, elder
Big	boastful
Big	often iron. Generous
Big	ambitious
Big	advanced in pregnancy
Big	Impressively or grandly
Big	With great enthusiasm, display, etc.
Bigamy	crime of marrying while still married to another person.
Bigamy	Bigamous
Big apple	new york city.
Big bang theory	Theory that the universe began with the explosion of dense matter.
Big brother	Supposedly benevolent watchful dictator.
Big end	end of the connecting-rod, encircling the crankpin.
Big-head	Conceited person.
Big-hearted	Generous.
Bight	bay, inlet, etc.
Bight	loop of rope.
Big money	Large amounts of money.
Bigot	Obstinate believer who is intolerant of others.
Bigot	Bigotry
Big stick	Display of force.
Big time	success, esp. In show business.
Big top	Main tent in a circus.
Big wheel	Ferris wheel.
Bigwig	Important person.
Bijou	jewel; trinket.
Bijou	small and elegant.
Bike	Bicycle or motor cycle.
Bike	ride a bike.
Bikini	two-piece swimsuit for women.
Bilateral	of, on, or with two sides.
Bilateral	affecting or between two parties, countries, etc.
Bilberry	hardy
Bilberry	European shrub of heaths and mountains.
Bilberry	its small dark-blue edible berry.
Bile	bitter digestive fluid secreted by the liver.
Bile	bad temper; peevish anger.
Bilge	a the almost flat part of a ship's bottom.
Bilge	filthy water that collects there.
Bilge	nonsense.
Bilharzia	Chronic tropical disease caused by a parasitic flatworm.
Biliary	Of the bile.
Bilingual	able to speak two languages.
Bilingual	spoken or written in two languages.
Bilingual	Bilingual person.
Bilious	affected by a disorder of the bile.
Bilious	bad-tempered.
Bilk	cheat.
Bilk	elude.
Bilk	avoid paying
Bill1	statement of charges for goods or services.
Bill1	draft of a proposed law.
Bill1	poster, placard.
Bill1	programme of entertainment.
Bill1	us banknote.
Bill1	send a statement of charges to.
Bill1	put in the programme; announce.
Bill1	advertise as.
Bill2	bird's beak.
Bill2	narrow promontory.
Bill2	Stroke bills.
Bill3	hist. Weapon with a hooked blade.
Billabong	backwater of a river.
Billboard	Large outdoor advertising hoarding.
Billet1	a place where troops etc. Are lodged.
Billet1	order to provide this.
Billet1	Job.
Billet1	quarter
Billet2	thick piece of firewood.
Billet2	small metal bar.
Billet-doux	often joc. Love-letter.
Billhook	Pruning tool with a hooked blade.
Billiards	game played on a table, with three balls struck with cues.
Billiards	(in
Billiards	) Used in billiards
Billion	(pl. Same or (in sense
Billion	) -s)
Billion	a thousand million
Billion	a million million
Billion	(in
Billion	very large number
Billionaire	Person who has over a billion pounds, dollars, etc.
Bill of exchange	Written order to pay a sum of money on a given date to the drawer or to a named payee.
Bill of fare	Menu.
Bill of lading	Detailed list of a ship's cargo.
Billow	wave.
Billow	any large mass.
Billow	Rise, fill, or surge in billows.
Billposter	person who pastes up advertisements on hoardings.
Billy1	austral. Tin or enamel outdoor cooking-pot.
Billy2	male goat.
Bimbo	usu. Derog. Attractive but unintelligent young woman.
Bimetallic	Using or made of two metals.
Bin	Large receptacle for rubbish or storage.
Binary	of two parts, dual.
Binary	of the binary system.
Binary	something having two parts.
Binary	binary number.
Binary star	System of two stars orbiting each other.
Binary system	System using the digits
Binary system	and
Binary system	to code information, esp. In computing.
Binaural	of or used with both ears.
Binaural	recorded using two microphones and usu. Transmitted separately to the two ears.
Bind	(past and
Bind	Bound)
Bind	tie or fasten tightly.
Bind	restrain forcibly.
Bind	cohere.
Bind	compel; impose a duty on.
Bind	a edge with braid etc.
Bind	fasten
Bind	in a cover.
Bind	constipate.
Bind	ratify
Bind	bandage.
Bind	Nuisance; restriction.
Binder	cover for loose papers etc.
Binder	substance that binds things together.
Binder	hist. Reaping-machine that binds grain into sheaves.
Binder	bookbinder.
Bindery	bookbinder's workshop.
Binding	Thing that binds, esp. The covers, glue, etc., of a book.
Binding	Obligatory.
Bindweed	convolvulus.
Bindweed	honeysuckle or other climber.
Bine	twisting stem of a climbing plant, esp. The hop.
Bine	flexible shoot.
Bin end	One of the last bottles from a bin of wine, usu. Sold at a reduced price.
Binge	Bout of excessive eating, drinking, etc.; spree.
Binge	indulge in a binge.
Bingo	Gambling game in which each player has a card with numbers to be marked off as they are called.
Bin-liner	Bag for lining a rubbish bin.
Binman	Dustman.
Binnacle	Case for a ship's compass.
Binocular	For both eyes.
Binoculars	pl. Instrument with a lens for each eye, for viewing distant objects.
Binomial	Algebraic expression of the sum or the difference of two terms.
Binomial	Of two terms.
Binomial theorem	Formula for finding any power of a binomial.
Bint	, usu. Offens. Girl or woman.
Bio-	Form
Bio-	life
Bio-	biological; of living things.
Biochemistry	The study of the chemistry of living organisms.
Biochemistry	Biochemist
Biodegradable	Capable of being decomposed by bacteria or other living organisms.
Bioengineering	the application of engineering techniques to biological processes.
Bioengineering	the use of artificial tissues, organs, etc. To replace parts of the body, e.g. Artificial limbs, pacemakers, etc.
Biogenesis	hypothesis that a living organism arises only from a similar living organism.
Biogenesis	synthesis of substances by living organisms.
Biography	account of a person's life, written usu. By another.
Biography	these as a literary genre.
Biography	Biographical
Biological	Of biology or living organisms.
Biological clock	Innate mechanism controlling an organism's rhythmic physiological activities.
Biological warfare	Use of toxins or micro-organisms against an enemy.
Biology	The study of living organisms.
Bionic	Having electronically operated body parts or the resulting superhuman powers.
Bionics	pl.
Bionics	The study of mechanical systems that function like living organisms.
Biophysics	pl.
Biophysics	Science of the application of the laws of physics to biological phenomena.
Biophysics	Biophysicist
Biopsy	examination of severed tissue for diagnosis.
Biorhythm	Any recurring biological cycle thought to affect one's physical or mental state.
Biosphere	Regions of the earth's crust and atmosphere occupied by living things.
Biosynthesis	Production of organic molecules by living organisms.
Biotechnology	Branch of technology exploiting biological processes, esp. Using micro-organisms, in industry, medicine, etc.
Biotin	Vitamin of the b complex, found in egg-yolk, liver, and yeast.
Bipartisan	Of or involving two parties.
Bipartite	of two parts.
Bipartite	shared by or involving two parties.
Biped	Two-footed animal.
Biped	Two-footed.
Biplane	Aeroplane with two sets of wings, one above the other.
Bipolar	Having two poles or extremities.
Birch	tree with pale hard wood and thin peeling bark, bearing catkins.
Birch	bundle of birch twigs used for flogging.
Birch	Beat with a birch.
Bird	two-legged feathered winged vertebrate, egg-laying and usu. Able to fly.
Bird	young woman.
Bird	person.
Bird	prison; prison sentence.
Bird	Trivial, uninteresting. Get the bird
Bird	be rejected, esp. By an audience.
Bird-bath	Basin with water for birds to bathe in.
Birdbrain	Stupid or flighty person.
Birdcage	Cage for birds.
Birdie	Little bird.
Birdie	golf hole played in one under par.
Birdlime	Sticky substance spread to trap birds.
Bird-nesting	Hunting for birds' eggs.
Bird of paradise	Bird, the male of which has brilliant plumage.
Bird of passage	migrant.
Bird of passage	habitual traveller.
Bird of prey	Bird which hunts animals for food.
Birdseed	Blend of seeds for caged birds.
Bird's-eye view	Detached view from above.
Birdsong	Musical cry of birds.
Bird table	Platform on which food for birds is placed.
Bird-watcher	Person who observes wild birds as a hobby.
Biretta	Square usu. Black cap worn by roman catholic priests.
Biro	propr.
Biro	kind of ball-point pen.
Birth	emergence of a baby or young from its mother's body.
Birth	beginning
Birth	a ancestry
Birth	high or noble birth; inherited position.
Birth	produce
Birth	be the cause of.
Birth certificate	Official document detailing a person's birth.
Birth control	Contraception.
Birthday	day on which one was born.
Birthday	anniversary of this.
Birthing pool	Large bath for giving birth in.
Birthmark	Unusual coloured mark on one's body at or from birth.
Birthplace	Place where one was born.
Birth rate	Number of live births per thousand of population per year.
Birthright	Inherited, esp. Property, rights.
Birthstone	Gem popularly associated with the month of one's birth.
Biscuit	flat thin unleavened cake, usu. Crisp and sweet.
Biscuit	fired unglazed pottery.
Biscuit	light brown colour.
Bisect	Divide into two
Bisect	parts.
Bisect	Bisector
Bisexual	feeling or involving sexual attraction to people of both sexes.
Bisexual	hermaphrodite.
Bisexual	Bisexual person.
Bishop	senior clergyman in charge of a diocese.
Bishop	mitre-shaped chess piece.
Bishopric	Office or diocese of a bishop.
Bismuth	reddish-white metallic element used in alloys etc.
Bismuth	compound of it used medicinally.
Bison	wild hump-backed ox of europe or
Bison	America.
Bisque1	Rich soup, esp. Of lobster.
Bisque2	Advantage of one free point or stroke in certain games.
Bister	brownish pigment from wood soot.
Bistre	brownish pigment from wood soot.
Bistro	small informal restaurant.
Bit1	small piece or quantity.
Bit1	fair amount
Bit1	often
Bit1	Short or small time, distance, or amount
Bit1	Make a useful contribution.
Bit3	metal mouthpiece of a bridle.
Bit3	tool or piece for boring or drilling.
Bit3	cutting or gripping part of a plane, pincers, etc.
Bit4	Computing unit of information expressed as a choice between two possibilities.
Bitch	female dog or other canine animal.
Bitch	offens. Spiteful woman.
Bitch	unpleasant or difficult thing.
Bitch	speak scathingly or spitefully.
Bitch	complain.
Bitchy	spiteful.
Bitchy	Bitchiness
Bite	(-ting; past bit;
Bite	Bitten)
Bite	cut or puncture with the teeth.
Bite	Detach thus.
Bite	Sting.
Bite	Grip, penetrate.
Bite	accept bait or an inducement.
Bite	be harsh in effect, esp. Intentionally.
Bite	a swindle.
Bite	Be infected by
Bite	Worry, perturb.
Bite	cause smarting pain
Bite	0 be sharp or effective
Bite	snap at.
Bite	act of biting.
Bite	wound etc. Made by biting.
Bite	a mouthful of food.
Bite	snack.
Bite	taking of bait by a fish.
Bite	pungency
Bite	incisiveness, sharpness.
Bite	position of the teeth when the jaws are closed.
Bite	die. Bite a person's head off
Bite	Respond angrily. Bite one's lip repress emotion etc.
Bit on the side	sexual relationship involving infidelity.
Bit part	Minor role.
Bitter	having a sharp pungent taste; not sweet.
Bitter	causing, showing, or feeling mental pain or resentment
Bitter	a harsh; virulent
Bitter	piercingly cold.
Bitter	beer flavoured with hops and tasting slightly bitter.
Bitter	(in
Bitter	) Liquor flavoured esp. With wormwood, used in cocktails.
Bitter	Bitterness
Bittern	Wading bird of the heron family.
Bitter-sweet	Sweet with a bitter aftertaste.
Bitter-sweet	such sweetness.
Bitty	made up of bits; scrappy.
Bitumen	Tarlike mixture of hydrocarbons derived from petroleum.
Bituminous	Of or like bitumen.
Bituminous coal	Coal burning with a smoky flame.
Bivalve	Aquatic mollusc with a hinged double shell, e.g. The oyster and mussel.
Bivalve	With such a shell.
Bivouac	Temporary open encampment without tents.
Bivouac	make, or camp in, a bivouac.
Biz	Business.
Bizarre	Strange; eccentric; grotesque.
Bk	Berkelium.
Bl	British library.
Blab	talk foolishly or indiscreetly.
Blab	reveal
Blab	; confess.
Blabber	person who blabs.
Blabber	talk foolishly or inconsequentially.
Black	reflecting no light, colourless from lack of light
Black	; completely dark.
Black	of the human group with dark-coloured skin, esp. African.
Black	Heavily overcast.
Black	angry; gloomy
Black	implying disgrace etc.
Black	wicked, sinister, deadly.
Black	portending trouble
Black	comic but sinister
Black	without milk.
Black	boycotted, esp. By a trade union, in a strike etc.
Black	black colour or pigment.
Black	black clothes or material
Black	black piece, ball, etc.
Black	player of this.
Black	credit side of an account
Black	reflecting no light, colourless from lack of light
Black	; completely dark.
Black	of the human group with dark-coloured skin, esp. African.
Black	Heavily overcast.
Black	angry; gloomy
Black	implying disgrace etc.
Black	wicked, sinister, deadly.
Black	portending trouble
Black	comic but sinister
Black	without milk.
Black	boycotted, esp. By a trade union, in a strike etc.
Black	black colour or pigment.
Black	black clothes or material
Black	black piece, ball, etc.
Black	player of this.
Black	credit side of an account
Black	member of a dark-skinned race, esp. An african.
Black	make black
Black	declare
Black	‘black’.
Black	effect a blackout on.
Black	undergo a blackout.
Black and blue	Bruised.
Black and white	Writing or printing
Black and white	Monochrome.
Black and white	consisting of extremes only, oversimplified.
Blackball	Reject
Blackball	in a ballot.
Black beetle	The common cockroach.
Black belt	highest grade of proficiency in judo, karate, etc.
Black belt	holder of this grade, entitled to wear a black belt.
Blackberry	black fleshy edible fruit of the bramble.
Blackbird	Common thrush of which the male is black with an orange beak.
Blackboard	Board with a smooth dark surface for writing on with chalk.
Black box	Flight-recorder.
Blackcap	Small warbler, the male of which has a black-topped head.
Black country	industrial area of the midlands.
Blackcurrant	cultivated flowering shrub.
Blackcurrant	its small dark edible berry.
Black death	4th-c. Plague in europe.
Black economy	Unofficial and untaxed trade.
Blacken	make or become black or dark.
Blacken	defame, slander.
Black eye	Bruised skin around the eye.
Black flag	Flag of piracy.
Blackfly	dark coloured thrips or aphid.
Blackfly	these collectively.
Black forest gateau	Chocolate sponge with cherries and whipped cream.
Black friar	Dominican friar.
Blackguard	Villain, scoundrel.
Blackhead	Black-topped pimple on the skin.
Black hole	Region of space from which matter and radiation cannot escape.
Black ice	Thin hard transparent ice on a road etc.
Blacking	Black polish, esp. For shoes.
Blacklead	Graphite.
Blackleg	Derog. Person refusing to join a strike etc.
Blackleg	act as a blackleg.
Blacklist	List of people in disfavour etc.
Blacklist	Put on a blacklist.
Black magic	Magic supposed to invoke evil spirits.
Blackmail	a extortion of payment in return for silence.
Blackmail	payment so extorted.
Blackmail	use of threats or moral pressure.
Blackmail	extort money etc. From by blackmail.
Blackmail	threaten, coerce.
Black maria	police van.
Black mark	Mark of discredit.
Black market	Illicit trade in rationed, prohibited, or scarce commodities.
Black mass	Travesty of the mass, in worship of satan.
Blackout	temporary loss of consciousness or memory.
Blackout	loss of electric power, radio reception, etc.
Blackout	compulsory darkness as a precaution against air raids.
Blackout	temporary suppression of news.
Blackout	sudden darkening of a theatre stage.
Black pepper	Pepper made by grinding the whole dried pepper berry including the outer husk.
Black power	Movement for black rights and political power.
Black pudding	Sausage of pork, dried pig's blood, suet, etc.
Black rod	Principal usher of the house of lords etc.
Black sheep	Member of a family, group, etc. Regarded as a disgrace or failure.
Blackshirt	Hist.member of a fascist organization.
Blacksmith	Smith who works in iron.
Black spot	place of danger or trouble.
Black spot	plant disease producing black spots.
Black tea	Tea that is fully fermented before drying.
Blackthorn	Thorny shrub bearing white blossom and sloes.
Black tie	black bow-tie worn with a dinner jacket.
Black tie	Man's formal evening dress.
Black velvet	Mixture of stout and champagne.
Black watch	royal highland regiment.
Black widow	Venomous spider of which the female devours the male.
Bladder	a sac in some animals, esp. That holding urine.
Bladder	this adapted for various uses.
Bladder	inflated blister in seaweed etc.
Bladderwrack	Brown seaweed with air bladders.
Blade	cutting part of a knife etc.
Blade	flattened part of an oar, propeller, etc.
Blade	a flat narrow leaf of grass etc.
Blade	broad thin part of a leaf.
Blade	flat bone, e.g. In the shoulder.
Blame	assign fault or responsibility to.
Blame	fix responsibility for
Blame	On
Blame	responsibility for an error etc.
Blame	blaming or attributing of responsibility
Blame	Blameless
Blame	Blameworthy
Blanch	make or become white or pale.
Blanch	a peel
Blanch	By scalding.
Blanch	immerse
Blanch	Briefly in boiling water.
Blanch	whiten
Blanch	by depriving it of light.
Blancmange	Sweet opaque jelly of flavoured cornflour and milk.
Bland	a mild, not irritating.
Bland	tasteless; insipid.
Bland	gentle in manner; suave.
Bland	Blandness
Blandish	Flatter; coax.
Blandish	(usu. In
Blank	not written or printed on.
Blank	with spaces left for a signature or details.
Blank	a empty
Blank	unrelieved
Blank	a without interest, result, or expression
Blank	having
Blank	no knowledge etc.
Blank	complete
Blank	a unfilled space, esp. In a document.
Blank	document having blank spaces.
Blank	cartridge containing gunpowder but no bullet.
Blank	dash written instead of a word or letter.
Blank	screen, obscure.
Blank	Blankness
Blank cheque	cheque left for the payee to fill in.
Blank cheque	Unlimited freedom of action.
Blanket	large esp. Woollen sheet used as a bed-covering etc.
Blanket	thick covering mass or layer.
Blanket	Covering everything; inclusive.
Blanket	cover.
Blanket	stifle, suppress.
Blanket bath	Body wash given to a bedridden patient.
Blanket stitch	Stitch used to finish the edges of a blanket etc.
Blank verse	Unrhymed verse, esp. Iambic pentameters.
Blare	sound or utter loudly.
Blare	make the sound of a trumpet.
Blare	Blaring sound.
Blarney	Cajoling talk; flattery.
Blarney	flatter, cajole.
Blasé	Bored or indifferent through over-familiarity.
Blaspheme	use religious names irreverently; treat a religious or sacred subject irreverently.
Blaspheme	talk irreverently about; use blasphemy against.
Blasphemy	irreverent talk or treatment of a religious or sacred thing.
Blasphemy	instance of this.
Blast	strong gust of air.
Blast	a explosion.
Blast	destructive wave of air from this.
Blast	loud note from a wind instrument, car horn, etc.
Blast	Severe reprimand.
Blast	blow up with explosives.
Blast	wither, blight
Blast	make a loud noise.
Blast	Expressing annoyance.
Blast	At maximum volume, speed, etc. Blast off take off from a launching site.
Blasted	Damned; annoying.
Blasted	Damned; extremely.
Blast-furnace	Smelting furnace into which hot air is driven.
Blast-off	Launching of a rocket etc.
Blatant	flagrant, unashamed.
Blatant	loudly obtrusive.
Blather	Foolish talk.
Blather	Talk foolishly.
Blaze1	bright flame or fire.
Blaze1	violent outburst
Blaze1	brilliant display
Blaze1	burn or shine brightly or fiercely.
Blaze1	be consumed with anger, excitement, etc.
Blaze1	shoot continuously.
Blaze1	work vigorously.
Blaze2	white mark on an animal's face.
Blaze2	mark cut on a tree, esp. To show a route.
Blaze2	mark
Blaze2	with blazes.
Blazer	Jacket without matching trousers, esp. Lightweight and often part of a uniform.
Blazon	proclaim
Blazon	heraldry describe or paint
Blazon	Heraldry shield or coat of arms.
Blazon	Blazonry
Bleach	Whiten in sunlight or by a chemical process.
Bleach	Bleaching substance or process.
Bleak	exposed, windswept.
Bleak	dreary, grim.
Bleary	dim; blurred.
Bleary	indistinct.
Bleary-eyed	Having dim sight.
Bleat	make a wavering cry.
Bleat	speak or say plaintively.
Bleat	Bleating cry.
Bleed	(past and
Bleed	Bled)
Bleed	emit blood.
Bleed	draw blood from surgically.
Bleed	Extort money from.
Bleed	suffer wounds or violent death.
Bleed	a emit sap.
Bleed	come out in water.
Bleed	empty
Bleed	of excess air or fluid.
Bleed	Act of bleeding.
Bleeder	unpleasant or contemptible person.
Bleeding	expressing annoyance or antipathy.
Bleep	Intermittent high-pitched electronic sound.
Bleep	make a bleep.
Bleep	summon with a bleeper.
Bleeper	Small electronic device bleeping to contact the carrier.
Blemish	Flaw, defect, or stain.
Blemish	Spoil, mark, or stain.
Blench	Flinch, quail.
Blend	mix together as required.
Blend	become one.
Blend	mingle; mix thoroughly.
Blend	merge imperceptibly; harmonize.
Blend	Mixture.
Blender	Machine for liquidizing, chopping, or puréeing food.
Blenny	small spiny-finned scaleless marine fish.
Bless	(past and
Bless	Blessed, poet. Blest)
Bless	ask god to look favourably on, esp. By making the sign of the cross over.
Bless	consecrate
Bless	glorify
Bless	attribute one's good luck to
Bless	; thank.
Bless	make happy or successful
Blessed	holy.
Blessed	euphem. Cursed
Blessed	rc ch. Beatified.
Blessing	invocation of
Blessing	favour.
Blessing	grace said at a meal.
Blessing	benefit.
Blight	plant disease caused by insects etc.
Blight	such an insect etc.
Blight	harmful or destructive force.
Blight	ugly urban area.
Blight	affect with blight.
Blight	harm, destroy.
Blight	spoil.
Blighter	Contemptible or annoying person.
Blighty	Mil.
Blighty	england; home.
Blimey	expression of surprise, contempt, etc.
Blimp	blimp) reactionary person.
Blimp	small non-rigid airship.
Blimp	soundproof cover for a cine-camera.
Blind	lacking the power of sight.
Blind	a without adequate foresight, discernment, or information
Blind	unwilling or unable to appreciate a factor etc.
Blind	not governed by purpose or reason
Blind	reckless
Blind	a concealed
Blind	closed at one end.
Blind	using instruments only.
Blind	cookery
Blind	Baked without a filling.
Blind	deprive of sight.
Blind	rob of judgement; deceive; overawe.
Blind	go recklessly.
Blind	screen for a window; awning.
Blind	thing used to hide the truth.
Blind	obstruction to sight or light.
Blind	Blindly.
Blind	Blindness
Blind alley	alley closed at one end.
Blind alley	futile course.
Blind date	Date between two people who have not previously met.
Blind drunk	Extremely drunk.
Blindfold	Cover the eyes of
Blindfold	with a tied cloth etc.
Blindfold	Cloth etc. So used.
Blindfold	with eyes covered.
Blindfold	without due care.
Blind man's buff	Game in which a blindfold player tries to catch others.
Blind spot	point on the retina insensitive to light.
Blind spot	area where vision or understanding is lacking.
Blink	shut and open the eyes quickly.
Blink	prevent
Blink	by blinking.
Blink	shine unsteadily, flicker.
Blink	act of blinking.
Blink	momentary gleam or glimpse.
Blink	look at while blinking.
Blink	ignore, shirk. On the blink
Blink	not working properly; out of order.
Blinker	(usu. In
Blinker	) Each of two screens on a bridle preventing lateral vision.
Blinker	device that blinks.
Blinker	obscure with blinkers.
Blinker	(as blinkered
Blinker	) Having narrow and prejudiced views.
Blinking	expressing annoyance etc.
Blip	minor deviation or error.
Blip	quick popping sound.
Blip	small image on a radar screen.
Blip	make a blip.
Bliss	perfect joy.
Bliss	being in heaven.
Bliss	Blissfully
Blister	small bubble on the skin filled with watery fluid and caused by heat or friction.
Blister	similar swelling on plastic, wood, etc.
Blister	come up in blisters.
Blister	raise a blister on.
Blister	attack sharply.
Blithe	cheerful, happy.
Blithe	careless, casual.
Blithering	Hopeless; contemptible
Blitt.	Bachelor of letters.
Blitz	a intensive or sudden
Blitz	attack.
Blitz	intensive period of work etc.
Blitz	german air raids on london in
Blitz	940.
Blitz	Inflict a blitz on.
Blitzkrieg	Intense military campaign intended to bring about a swift victory.
Blizzard	Severe snowstorm.
Bloat	inflate, swell.
Bloat	(as bloated
Bloat	) Inflated with pride, wealth, or food.
Bloat	cure
Bloat	by salting and smoking lightly.
Bloater	Bloated herring.
Blob	Small drop or spot.
Bloc	Group of governments etc. Sharing a common purpose.
Block	solid piece of hard material, esp. Stone or wood.
Block	this as a base for chopping etc., as a stand, or for mounting a horse from.
Block	a large building, esp. When subdivided.
Block	group of buildings between streets.
Block	obstruction.
Block	two or more pulleys mounted in a case.
Block	piece of wood or metal engraved for printing.
Block	head.
Block	(often
Block	) Number of things as a unit, e.g. Shares, theatre seats
Block	sheets of paper glued along one edge.
Block	obstruct.
Block	impede.
Block	restrict the use of.
Block	cricket stop
Block	with a bat defensively.
Block	sketch roughly; plan.
Block	confine. Block out
Block	shut out
Block	sketch roughly; plan. Block up confine; enclose.
Blockade	Surrounding or blocking of a place by an enemy to prevent entry and exit.
Blockade	subject to a blockade.
Blockage	Obstruction.
Block and tackle	System of pulleys and ropes, esp. For lifting.
Blockbuster	thing of great power, esp.
Blockbuster	very successful film, book, etc.
Blockbuster	highly destructive bomb.
Block capitals	pl.
Block capitals	letters printed without serifs, or written with each letter separate and in capitals.
Blockhead	Stupid person.
Blockhouse	reinforced concrete shelter.
Blockhouse	hist. Small fort of timber.
Block vote	Vote proportional in power to the number of people a delegate represents.
Bloke	man, fellow.
Blond	light-coloured, fair.
Blond	Blond person.
Blood	usu. Red fluid circulating in the arteries and veins of animals.
Blood	bloodshed, esp. Killing.
Blood	passion, temperament.
Blood	race, descent, parentage
Blood	relationship; relations
Blood	dandy.
Blood	give
Blood	a first taste of blood.
Blood	initiate
Blood bank	Store of blood for transfusion.
Blood bath	Massacre.
Blood count	Number of corpuscles in a specific amount of blood.
Blood-curdling	Horrifying.
Blood donor	Person giving blood for transfusion.
Blood group	Any of the types of human blood.
Blood-heat	Normal human temperature, about
Blood-heat	7 °c or
Blood-heat	8.4 °f.
Bloodhound	Large keen-scented dog used in tracking.
Bloodless	without blood or bloodshed.
Bloodless	unemotional.
Bloodless	pale.
Bloodless	feeble.
Blood-letting	Surgical removal of blood.
Blood-money	money paid as compensation for a death.
Blood-money	money paid to a killer.
Blood orange	Red-fleshed orange.
Blood-poisoning	Diseased condition caused by micro-organisms in the blood.
Blood pressure	Pressure of the blood in the arteries etc., measured for diagnosis.
Blood relation	relative by birth.
Bloodshed	Killing.
Bloodshot	inflamed.
Blood sport	Sport involving the killing or wounding of animals.
Bloodstain	Stain caused by blood.
Bloodstream	Blood in circulation.
Bloodsucker	leech.
Bloodsucker	extortioner.
Blood sugar	Amount of glucose in the blood.
Blood test	Examination of blood, esp. For diagnosis.
Bloodthirsty	eager for bloodshed.
Blood-vessel	Vein, artery, or capillary carrying blood.
Bloody	of, like, running with, or smeared with blood.
Bloody	a involving bloodshed.
Bloody	bloodthirsty, cruel.
Bloody	expressing annoyance or antipathy, or as an intensifier
Bloody	red.
Bloody	as an intensifier
Bloody	stain with blood.
Bloody mary	Mixture of vodka and tomato juice.
Bloody-minded	Deliberately uncooperative.
Bloom	a flower, esp. Cultivated.
Bloom	state of flowering
Bloom	one's prime
Bloom	a healthy glow of the complexion.
Bloom	fine powder on fresh fruit and leaves.
Bloom	bear flowers; be in flower.
Bloom	be in one's prime; flourish.
Bloomer1	blunder.
Bloomer1	plant that blooms in a specified way.
Bloomer2	Long loaf with diagonal marks.
Bloomers	women's long loose knickers.
Bloomers	hist. Women's loose knee-length trousers.
Blooming	flourishing; healthy.
Blooming	an intensifier
Blooming	an intensifier
Blossom	flower or mass of flowers, esp. Of a fruit-tree.
Blossom	promising stage
Blossom	open into flower.
Blossom	mature, thrive.
Blot	spot or stain of ink etc.
Blot	disgraceful act or quality.
Blot	blemish.
Blot	make a blot on, stain.
Blot	dry with blotting-paper.
Blot	obliterate.
Blot	obscure
Blotch	discoloured or inflamed patch on the skin.
Blotch	irregular patch of colour.
Blotch	Cover with blotches.
Blotter	Pad of blotting-paper.
Blotting-paper	Absorbent paper for drying wet ink.
Blotto	very drunk.
Blouse	woman's garment like a shirt.
Blouse	upper part of a military uniform.
Blouse	make
Blouse	Full like a blouse.
Blouson	Short blouse-shaped jacket.
Blow1	(past blew;
Blow1	Blown)
Blow1	direct a current of air
Blow1	esp. From the mouth.
Blow1	drive or be driven by blowing
Blow1	move rapidly.
Blow1	expel by breathing
Blow1	sound or be sounded by blowing.
Blow1	Curse, confound
Blow1	clear
Blow1	by blowing.
Blow1	puff, pant.
Blow1	depart suddenly
Blow1	0 shatter etc. By an explosion.
Blow1	1 make or shape
Blow1	by blowing.
Blow1	2 a melt from overloading
Blow1	break or burst suddenly.
Blow1	eject air and water.
Blow1	4 break into with explosives.
Blow1	a squander
Blow1	bungle
Blow1	reveal
Blow1	act of blowing.
Blow1	a gust of wind or air.
Blow1	exposure to fresh air.
Blow1	Be unwilling to. Blow a gasket
Blow1	lose one's temper. Blow hot and cold
Blow1	Vacillate. Blow in
Blow1	break inwards by an explosion.
Blow1	Arrive unexpectedly. Blow a person's mind
Blow1	cause to have hallucinations etc.; astound. Blow off
Blow1	escape or allow
Blow1	To escape forcibly.
Blow1	break wind noisily. Blow out
Blow1	extinguish by blowing.
Blow1	send outwards by an explosion. Blow over
Blow1	Fade away. Blow one's top
Blow1	Explode in rage. Blow up
Blow1	explode.
Blow1	Rebuke strongly.
Blow1	inflate
Blow1	enlarge
Blow1	exaggerate.
Blow1	Arise, happen.
Blow1	Lose one's temper.
Blow2	hard stroke with a hand or weapon.
Blow2	sudden shock or misfortune.
Blow-by-blow	Detailed.
Blow-dry	Arrange
Blow-dry	while drying it.
Blow-dry	Act of doing this.
Blower	device for blowing.
Blower	Telephone.
Blowfly	Bluebottle.
Blow-hole	nostril of a whale.
Blow-hole	hole
Blow-hole	for breathing or fishing through.
Blow-hole	vent for air, smoke, etc.
Blow-job	instance of fellatio or cunnilingus.
Blowlamp	Device with a very hot flame for burning off paint, plumbing, etc.
Blown	Of *blow1.
Blow-out	burst tyre.
Blow-out	melted fuse.
Blow-out	huge meal.
Blowpipe	tube for blowing air through, esp. To intensify a flame or to blow glass.
Blowpipe	tube for propelling poisoned darts etc. By blowing.
Blowtorch	Us
Blow-up	Enlargement
Blow-up	explosion.
Blowy	windy.
Blowzy	-looking; red-faced.
Blowzy	slovenly.
Blub	sob.
Blubber	Whale fat.
Blubber	sob loudly.
Blubber	sob out
Blubber	Swollen, thick.
Bludgeon	Heavy club.
Bludgeon	beat with this.
Bludgeon	coerce.
Blue	having the colour of a clear sky.
Blue	sad, depressed.
Blue	pornographic
Blue	politically conservative.
Blue	blue colour or pigment.
Blue	blue clothes or material
Blue	person who represents a university in a sport, esp. Oxford or cambridge.
Blue	conservative party supporter.
Blue	make blue.
Blue	squander.
Blue baby	Baby with a blue complexion due to a congenital heart defect.
Bluebell	Woodland plant with bell-shaped blue flowers.
Blueberry	small blue-black edible fruit of various plants.
Blue blood	Noble birth.
Blue book	Report issued by parliament or the privy council.
Bluebottle	Large buzzing fly; blowfly.
Blue cheese	Cheese with veins of blue mould.
Blue-collar	manual; industrial.
Blue-eyed boy	Favourite.
Blue funk	Terror or panic.
Bluegrass	kind of instrumental country-and-western music.
Blue-pencil	Censor or cut
Blue peter	Blue flag with a white square flown by a ship about to leave port.
Blueprint	photographic print of plans in white on a blue background.
Blueprint	detailed plan.
Blue rinse	Bluish dye for grey hair.
Blues	bout of depression.
Blues	Melancholic music of black american origin, usu. In a twelve-bar sequence.
Blues	Piece of such music
Bluestocking	Usu. Derog. Intellectual or literary woman.
Blue tit	Common tit with a blue crest.
Blue whale	Rorqual, the largest known living mammal.
Bluff1	Pretend strength, confidence, etc.
Bluff1	Act of bluffing.
Bluff2	blunt, frank, hearty.
Bluff2	vertical or steep and broad in front.
Bluff2	Steep cliff or headland.
Bluish	Fairly blue.
Blunder	Serious or foolish mistake.
Blunder	make a blunder.
Blunder	move clumsily; stumble.
Blunderbuss	Hist. Short large-bored gun.
Blunt	not sharp or pointed.
Blunt	direct, outspoken.
Blunt	Make blunt or less sharp.
Blunt	(in sense
Blunt	). Bluntness
Blur	make or become unclear or less distinct; smear.
Blur	Blurred object, sound, memory, etc.
Blurb	Promotional description, esp. Of a book.
Blurt	utter abruptly, thoughtlessly, or tactlessly.
Blush	a become pink in the face from embarrassment or shame.
Blush	redden thus.
Blush	feel embarrassed or ashamed.
Blush	redden.
Blush	act of blushing.
Blush	pink tinge.
Blusher	Rouge.
Bluster	behave pompously or boisterously.
Bluster	Blow fiercely.
Bluster	Bombastic talk; empty threats.
Bm	british museum.
Bm	bachelor of medicine.
Bma	British medical association.
B.mus.	Bachelor of music.
Bmx	organized bicycle-racing on a dirt-track.
Bmx	bicycle used for this.
Bo	Body odour.
Boa	large snake which kills by crushing and suffocating.
Boa	long stole of feathers or fur.
Boa constrictor	Species of boa.
Boar	male wild pig.
Boar	uncastrated male pig.
Board	a flat thin piece of sawn timber, usu. Long and narrow.
Board	material resembling this, of compressed fibres.
Board	thin slab of wood etc.
Board	thick stiff card used in bookbinding.
Board	provision of regular meals, usu. With accommodation, for payment.
Board	directors of a company; official administrative body.
Board	(in
Board	) Stage of a theatre.
Board	side of a ship.
Board	go on board
Board	receive, or provide with, meals and usu. Lodging.
Board	cover with boards; seal or close.
Boarder	person who boards, esp. At a boarding-school.
Boarder	person who boards a ship, esp. An enemy.
Board-game	Game played on a board.
Boarding-house	Unlicensed establishment providing board and lodging, esp. To holiday-makers.
Boarding-school	School in which pupils live in term-time.
Boardroom	Room in which a board of directors etc. Meets regularly.
Boast	declare one's virtues, wealth, etc. With excessive pride.
Boast	own or have with pride
Boast	act of boasting.
Boast	thing one is proud of.
Boastful	Given to boasting.
Boat	small vessel propelled on water by an engine, oars, or sails.
Boat	any ship.
Boat	long low jug for sauce etc.
Boat	Go in a boat, esp. For pleasure.
Boater	Flat-topped straw hat with a brim.
Boat-hook	Long hooked pole for moving boats.
Boat-house	Waterside shed for housing boats.
Boating	Rowing or sailing as recreation.
Boatman	Person who hires out boats or provides transport by boat.
Boat people	pl. Refugees travelling by sea.
Boatswain	ship's officer in charge of equipment and crew.
Boat-train	Train scheduled to meet or go on a boat.
Bob1	move quickly up and down.
Bob1	bounce or emerge buoyantly or suddenly.
Bob1	cut
Bob1	in a bob.
Bob1	curtsy.
Bob1	jerking or bouncing movement, esp. Upward.
Bob1	hairstyle with the hair hanging evenly above the shoulders.
Bob1	weight on a pendulum etc.
Bob1	horse's docked tail.
Bob1	curtsy.
Bob2	hist.
Bob2	shilling (now =
Bob2	pence).
Bob3	expression of completion or success.
Bobbin	Spool or reel for thread etc.
Bobble	Small woolly ball on a hat etc.
Bobby	Police officer.
Bob-sled	Us
Bob-sleigh	Mechanically-steered and -braked racing sledge.
Bob-sleigh	Race in a bob-sleigh.
Bobtail	docked tail.
Bobtail	horse or dog with this.
Boche	derog. German, esp.
Boche	soldier.
Bod	Person.
Bode	be a sign of, portend.
Bodega	Cellar or shop selling wine.
Bodice	part of a woman's dress above the waist.
Bodice	woman's vest-like undergarment.
Bodily	Of the body.
Bodily	as a whole body
Bodily	in the flesh, in person.
Bodkin	Blunt thick needle for drawing tape etc. Through a hem.
Body	whole physical structure, including the bones, flesh, and organs, of a person or an animal, whether dead or alive.
Body	main or central part; bulk or majority
Body	a group regarded as a unit.
Body	collection
Body	quantity
Body	piece of matter
Body	Person.
Body	full or substantial quality of flavour, tone, etc.
Body-blow	Severe setback.
Body-building	Exercises to enlarge and strengthen the muscles.
Bodyguard	Person or group escorting and protecting another.
Body language	Communication through gestures and poses.
Body odour	Smell of the human body, esp. When unpleasant.
Body politic	Nation or state as a corporate body.
Body shop	Workshop where bodywork is repaired.
Body stocking	Woman's undergarment covering the torso.
Bodysuit	Close-fitting all-in-one garment for women, worn esp. For sport.
Bodywork	Outer shell of a vehicle.
Boer	South african of dutch descent.
Boer	Of the boers.
Boffin	Research scientist.
Bog	a wet spongy ground.
Bog	stretch of this.
Bog	lavatory.
Bog	impede
Bogey1	golf
Bogey1	score of one stroke more than par at any hole.
Bogey1	par.
Bogey2	evil or mischievous spirit; devil.
Bogey2	awkward thing.
Bogey2	piece of dried nasal mucus.
Bogeyman	frightening person etc.
Boggle	Be startled or baffled
Bogie	Wheeled undercarriage below a locomotive etc.
Bogus	Sham, spurious.
Bohemian	native of bohemia, a czech.
Bohemian	socially unconventional person, esp. An artist or writer.
Bohemian	of bohemia or its people.
Bohemian	socially unconventional.
Boil1	start to bubble up and turn into vapour on reaching a certain temperature.
Boil1	contain boiling liquid
Boil1	a bring to boiling point.
Boil1	cook in boiling liquid.
Boil1	subject to boiling water, e.g. To clean.
Boil1	a move or seethe like boiling water.
Boil1	be very angry.
Boil1	Act or process of boiling; boiling-point
Boil1	reduce in volume by boiling.
Boil1	reduce to essentials.
Boil1	amount to. Boil over
Boil1	spill over in boiling.
Boil1	lose one's temper.
Boil2	Inflamed pus-filled swelling under the skin.
Boiler	apparatus for heating a hot-water supply.
Boiler	tank for heating water or turning it to steam.
Boiler	tub for boiling laundry etc.
Boiler	fowl etc. For boiling.
Boiler-room	Room with a boiler and other heating equipment, esp. In a basement.
Boiler suit	Protective outer garment of trousers and jacket in one.
Boiling	Very hot.
Boiling point	temperature at which a liquid begins to boil.
Boiling point	great excitement.
Boisterous	noisily exuberant, rough.
Boisterous	Stormy.
Bold	confidently assertive; adventurous, brave.
Bold	impudent.
Bold	vivid
Bold	Boldness
Bole	Trunk of a tree.
Bolero	spanish dance, or the music for it, in triple time.
Bolero	woman's short open jacket.
Boll	Round seed-vessel of cotton, flax, etc.
Bollard	short post in the road, esp. On a traffic island.
Bollard	short post on a quay or ship for securing a rope.
Bollocking	severe reprimand.
Bollocks	(usu. As
Bollocks	) Nonsense.
Bollocks	testicles.
Boloney	nonsense.
Bolshevik	hist. Member of the radical faction of the russian social democratic party becoming the communist party in
Bolshevik	918.
Bolshevik	russian communist.
Bolshevik	any revolutionary socialist.
Bolshevik	of the bolsheviks.
Bolshevik	communist.
Bolshevik	Bolshevist
Bolshie	uncooperative; bad-tempered.
Bolshie	left-wing.
Bolshie	bolshevik.
Bolster	Long cylindrical pillow.
Bolster	encourage, support, prop up.
Bolt1	sliding bar and socket used to fasten a door etc.
Bolt1	large metal pin with a thread, usu. Used with a nut, to hold things together.
Bolt1	discharge of lightning.
Bolt1	act of bolting.
Bolt1	fasten with a bolt.
Bolt1	keep
Bolt1	In or out by bolting a door.
Bolt1	fasten together with bolts.
Bolt1	a dash off suddenly.
Bolt1	suddenly gallop out of control.
Bolt1	gulp down
Bolt1	unchewed.
Bolt1	run to seed.
Bolt1	rigidly, stiffly.
Bolt2	sift
Bolt-hole	Means of escape.
Bomb	container filled with explosive, incendiary material, etc., designed to explode and cause damage.
Bomb	the atomic or hydrogen bomb.
Bomb	large sum of money
Bomb	attack with bombs; drop bombs on.
Bomb	Go very quickly.
Bomb	very successfully.
Bomb	very fast.
Bombard	attack with heavy guns or bombs etc.
Bombard	question or abuse persistently.
Bombard	physics direct a stream of high-speed particles at.
Bombardier	non-commissioned officer in the artillery.
Bombardier	us crew member in an aircraft who aims and releases bombs.
Bombast	Pompous language; hyperbole.
Bombay duck	Dried fish as a relish, esp. With curry.
Bombazine	Twilled worsted dress-material.
Bomber	aircraft equipped to drop bombs.
Bomber	person using bombs, esp. Illegally.
Bomber jacket	Jacket gathered at the waist and cuffs.
Bombshell	overwhelming surprise or disappointment.
Bombshell	artillery bomb.
Bombshell	very attractive woman.
Bomb-site	Area where bombs have caused destruction.
Bona fide	Genuine; sincere.
Bona fide	Genuinely; sincerely.
Bonanza	source of wealth or prosperity.
Bonanza	large output
Bon-bon	Sweet.
Bond	thing or force that unites or (usu. In
Bond	) Restrains.
Bond	binding agreement.
Bond	commerce certificate issued by a government or a company promising to repay borrowed money at a fixed rate of interest.
Bond	adhesiveness.
Bond	law deed binding a person to make payment to another.
Bond	chem. Linkage between atoms in a molecule.
Bond	hold or tie together.
Bond	connect or reinforce with a bond.
Bond	place
Bond	in bond.
Bondage	slavery.
Bondage	subjection to constraint etc.
Bondage	sexual practices involving constraint.
Bonded	stored in or for storing in bond
Bonded	secured by bonds.
Bond paper	High-quality writing-paper.
Bondsman	Serf, slave.
Bone	any piece of hard tissue making up the skeleton in vertebrates.
Bone	(in
Bone	skeleton, esp. As remains.
Bone	body.
Bone	material of bones or similar material, e.g. Ivory.
Bone	thing made of bone.
Bone	(in
Bone	) Essentials
Bone	strip of stiffening in a corset etc.
Bone	remove the bones from.
Bone	stiffen with bone etc.
Bone	Study intensively. Have a bone to pick
Bone	have cause for dispute
Bone	. Make no bones about
Bone	be frank about.
Bone	not hesitate or scruple.
Bone china	Fine china made of clay mixed with bone ash.
Bone-dry	Completely dry.
Bone-idle	Utterly idle.
Bone-meal	Crushed bones, esp. As a fertilizer.
Bone of contention	Source of dispute.
Boneshaker	Decrepit or uncomfortable old vehicle.
Bonfire	Large open-air fire, esp. For burning rubbish.
Bongo	either of a pair of small drums usu. Held between the knees and played with the fingers.
Bonhomie	Good-natured friendliness.
Bonk	bang, bump.
Bonk	have sexual intercourse
Bonk	Instance of bonking
Bonkers	crazy.
Bon mot	witty saying.
Bonnet	a hat tied under the chin, worn esp. By babies.
Bonnet	scotsman's floppy beret.
Bonnet	hinged cover over a vehicle's engine.
Bonny	esp. Scot. &
Bonny	engl.
Bonny	a physically attractive.
Bonny	healthy-looking.
Bonny	good, pleasant.
Bonsai	dwarfed tree or shrub.
Bonsai	art of growing these.
Bonus	Extra benefit or payment.
Bon vivant	person fond of good food and drink.
Bon voyage	Expression of good wishes to a departing traveller.
Bony	thin with prominent bones.
Bony	having many bones.
Bony	of or like bone.
Boo	expression of disapproval etc.
Boo	sound intended to surprise.
Boo	Utterance of boo, esp. To a performer etc.
Boo	utter boos.
Boo	jeer at by booing.
Boob1	silly mistake.
Boob1	foolish person.
Boob1	Make a silly mistake.
Boob2	woman's breast.
Booby	stupid or childish person.
Booby prize	Prize given for coming last.
Booby trap	practical joke in the form of a trap.
Booby trap	disguised explosive device triggered by the unknowing victim.
Boodle	money, esp. Gained or used dishonestly.
Boogie	dance to pop music.
Boogie-woogie	Style of playing blues or jazz on the piano.
Book	a written or printed work with pages bound along one side.
Book	work intended for publication.
Book	bound blank sheets for notes, records, etc.
Book	bound set of tickets, stamps, matches, etc.
Book	(in
Book	) Set of records or accounts.
Book	main division of a large literary work.
Book	telephone directory.
Book	Magazine.
Book	libretto, script, etc.
Book	record of bets.
Book	Reserve
Book	In advance.
Book	engage
Book	a take the personal details of
Book	enter in a book or list.
Book	buy tickets in advance.
Book	with all places reserved. Bring to book call to account. Go by the book proceed by the rules. In a person's good
Book	books in
Book	favour with a person.
Bookbinder	Person who binds books for a living.
Bookcase	Cabinet of shelves for books.
Book club	Society in which selected books are available cheaply.
Book-end	Prop used to keep books upright.
Booking	Reservation or engagement.
Booking-hall	ticket office at a railway station etc.
Bookish	studious; fond of reading.
Bookish	having knowledge mainly from books.
Bookkeeper	Person who keeps accounts, esp. For a living.
Booklet	Small book usu. With a paper cover.
Bookmaker	Professional taker of bets.
Bookmark	Thing used to mark a reader's place.
Book-plate	Decorative personalized label stuck in a book.
Bookseller	Dealer in books.
Bookshop	Shop selling books.
Bookstall	Stand selling books, newspapers, etc.
Book token	Voucher exchangeable for books.
Bookworm	Devoted reader.
Bookworm	larva feeding on the paper and glue in books.
Boolean	Denoting a system of algebraic notation to represent logical propositions.
Boolean logic	Use of ‘and’, ‘or’, and ‘not’ in retrieving information from a database.
Boom1	Deep resonant sound.
Boom1	Make or speak with a boom.
Boom2	Period of economic prosperity or activity.
Boom2	Be suddenly prosperous.
Boom3	pivoted spar to which a sail is attached.
Boom3	long pole carrying a microphone, camera, etc.
Boom3	barrier across a harbour etc.
Boomerang	flat v-shaped hardwood missile used esp. By australian aboriginals, able to return to its thrower.
Boomerang	plan that recoils on its originator.
Boomerang	Backfire.
Boon1	Advantage; blessing.
Boon2	Intimate, favourite
Boor	Ill-mannered person.
Boost	promote or encourage.
Boost	increase, assist.
Boost	push from below.
Boost	Act or result of boosting.
Booster	device for increasing power or voltage.
Booster	auxiliary engine or rocket for initial speed.
Booster	dose, injection, etc. Renewing the effect of an earlier one.
Boot1	outer foot-covering reaching above the ankle.
Boot1	luggage compartment of a car.
Boot1	firm kick.
Boot1	dismissal
Boot1	kick.
Boot1	eject forcefully.
Boot1	make
Boot1	ready.
Boot1	kick brutally.
Boot1	harm a person.
Bootblack	Us person who polishes boots and shoes.
Bootee	Baby's soft shoe.
Booth	small temporary structure used esp. As a market stall.
Booth	enclosure for telephoning, voting, etc.
Booth	cubicle in a restaurant etc.
Bootleg	smuggled, illicit.
Bootleg	illicitly make or deal in
Bootlicker	Toady.
Boots	Hotel servant who cleans shoes etc.
Bootstrap	Loop used to pull a boot on.
Booty	loot, spoil.
Booty	Prize or gain.
Booze	Alcoholic drink.
Booze	drink alcohol, esp. To excess.
Boozer	habitual drinker.
Boozer	public house.
Booze-up	drinking bout.
Bop1	a spell of dancing, esp. To pop music.
Bop1	social occasion for this.
Bop1	dance, esp. To pop music.
Bop2	hit or punch, esp. Lightly.
Bop2	Esp. Light blow or hit.
Boracic	Of borax.
Borage	Plant with leaves used as flavouring.
Borax	Salt used in making glass and china, and as an antiseptic.
Bordeaux	wine
Bordeaux	from the bordeaux district in sw france.
Border	edge or boundary, or the part near it.
Border	a line or region separating two countries.
Border	boundary between scotland and england
Border	, or
Border	Ireland and the irish republic.
Border	esp. Ornamental strip round an edge.
Border	long narrow flower-bed
Border	be a border to.
Border	provide with a border.
Border	a adjoin; come close to being.
Border	resemble.
Border collie	Sheepdog of the north country.
Borderer	Person living near a border.
Borderland	district near a border.
Borderland	condition between two extremes.
Borderland	area for debate.
Borderline	line dividing two conditions.
Borderline	line marking a boundary.
Borderline	on the borderline.
Borderline	barely acceptable.
Border terrier	Small rough-haired terrier.
Bore1	make
Bore1	, esp. With a revolving tool.
Bore1	make a hole in, hollow out.
Bore1	hollow of a firearm barrel or of a cylinder in an internal-combustion engine.
Bore1	diameter of this.
Bore1	deep hole made esp. To find water.
Bore2	Tiresome or dull person or thing.
Bore2	weary by tedious talk or dullness.
Bore2	Boring
Bore3	High tidal wave in an estuary.
Boredom	State of being bored.
Boric acid	Acid derived from borax, used as an antiseptic.
Born	existing as a result of birth.
Born	a of natural ability or quality
Born	Destined
Born	(in
Born	) Of a certain status by birth
Born-again	Converted
Borne	Of *bear1.
Borne	(in
Borne	) Carried by
Boron	Non-metallic usu. Crystalline element.
Borough	a town represented in the house of commons.
Borough	town or district granted the status of a borough.
Borough	hist. Town with a municipal corporation conferred by a royal charter.
Borrow	a acquire temporarily, promising or intending to return.
Borrow	obtain money thus.
Borrow	use
Borrow	; plagiarize.
Borstal	Hist. Residential institution for youth custody.
Bortsch	Russian soup of beetroot, cabbage, etc.
Borzoi	Large silky-coated dog.
Bosh	nonsense.
Bosom	a person's
Bosom	breast. B
Bosom	Each of a woman's breasts.
Bosom	enclosure formed by the breast and arms.
Bosom	emotional centre
Bosom friend	Intimate friend.
Boss1	Employer, manager, or supervisor.
Boss1	give orders to; order about.
Boss2	round knob, stud, etc., esp. On the centre of a shield.
Boss2	archit. Ornamental carving etc. At the junction of the ribs in a vault.
Bossa nova	dance like the samba.
Bossa nova	music for this.
Boss-eyed	cross-eyed; blind in one eye.
Boss-eyed	crooked.
Bossy	Domineering.
Bosun	var. Of *boatswain.
Botany	The study of plants.
Botany	Botanical
Botany	Botanist
Botch	bungle; do badly.
Botch	patch clumsily.
Botch	Bungled or spoilt work.
Both	The two, not only one
Both	With equal truth in two cases
Bother	trouble; worry, disturb.
Bother	Take the time or trouble
Bother	a person or thing that bothers.
Bother	minor nuisance.
Bother	trouble, worry.
Bother	Expressing irritation.
Bothersome	Causing bother.
Bottle	container, esp. Glass or plastic, for storing liquid.
Bottle	amount filling it.
Bottle	baby's feeding-bottle.
Bottle	metal cylinder for liquefied gas.
Bottle	courage.
Bottle	put into, or preserve in, bottles or jars.
Bottle	conceal or restrain (esp.
Bottle	feeling).
Bottle	drink heavily.
Bottle bank	Place for depositing bottles for recycling.
Bottle-feed	Feed
Bottle-feed	from a bottle as opposed to the breast.
Bottle green	(as
Bottle green	Often hyphenated) dark green.
Bottleneck	narrow congested area, esp. On a road.
Bottleneck	impeding thing.
Bottlenose dolphin	Dolphin with a bottle-shaped snout.
Bottle party	Party to which guests bring bottles of drink.
Bottom	a lowest point or part.
Bottom	base.
Bottom	underneath part.
Bottom	furthest or inmost part.
Bottom	buttocks.
Bottom	seat of a chair etc.
Bottom	a less honourable end of a table, class, etc.
Bottom	person occupying this
Bottom	ground below water.
Bottom	basis or origin.
Bottom	essential character.
Bottom	Lowest, last.
Bottom	put a bottom to
Bottom	find the extent of.
Bottom	touch the bottom or lowest point
Bottom drawer	Linen etc. Stored by a woman for marriage.
Bottomless	without a bottom.
Bottomless	inexhaustible.
Bottom line	Underlying truth; ultimate, esp. Financial, criterion.
Botulism	Poisoning caused by a bacillus in badly preserved food.
Bouclé	looped or curled yarn
Bouclé	fabric made of this.
Boudoir	Woman's private room.
Bouffant	Puffed out.
Bougainvillaea	Tropical plant with large coloured bracts.
Bough	Main branch of a tree.
Bouillon	Clear broth.
Boulder	Large smooth rock.
Boule	french form of bowls played on rough ground.
Boulevard	broad tree-lined avenue.
Boulevard	esp. Us broad main road.
Bounce	rebound.
Bounce	be returned by a bank when there are no funds to meet it.
Bounce	Jump, move, or rush boisterously.
Bounce	a rebound.
Bounce	power of rebounding.
Bounce	swagger, self-confidence.
Bounce	liveliness.
Bouncer	doorman ejecting troublemakers from a dancehall, club, etc.
Bouncing	big and healthy.
Bound1	spring, leap.
Bound1	Bounce.
Bound1	springy leap.
Bound1	bounce.
Bound2	(usu. In
Bound2	limitation; restriction.
Bound2	border, boundary.
Bound2	limit.
Bound2	be the boundary of.
Bound3	starting or having started
Bound3	(in
Bound3	) In a specified direction
Boundary	line marking the limits of an area etc.
Boundary	cricket hit crossing the limits of the field, scoring
Boundary	runs.
Bounden duty	Formal solemn responsibility.
Bounder	Cad.
Boundless	Unlimited.
Bounteous	Poet.
Bountiful	generous.
Bountiful	ample.
Bounty	generosity.
Bounty	reward, esp. From the state.
Bounty	gift.
Bouquet	bunch of flowers, esp. Professionally arranged.
Bouquet	scent of wine etc.
Bouquet	compliment.
Bouquet garni	bunch or bag of herbs for seasoning.
Bourbon	Us whisky from maize and rye.
Bourgeoisie	capitalist class.
Bourgeoisie	middle class.
Bourn	Small stream.
Bourse	paris stock exchange.
Bourse	money-market.
Bout	a spell
Bout	attack
Bout	wrestling- or boxing-match.
Boutique	Small shop selling esp. Fashionable clothes.
Bouzouki	greek form of mandolin.
Bovine	of cattle.
Bovine	stupid, dull.
Bow1	a slip-knot with a double loop.
Bow1	ribbon etc. So tied.
Bow1	curved piece of wood etc. With a string stretched across its ends, for shooting arrows.
Bow1	rod with horsehair stretched along its length, for playing the violin etc.
Bow1	shallow curve or bend; thing of this form.
Bow1	Use a bow on
Bow2	incline the head or body, esp. In greeting or acknowledgement.
Bow2	submit
Bow2	cause
Bow2	To incline.
Bow2	Act of bowing.
Bow2	bend or kneel esp. In submission or reverence.
Bow2	make stoop; crush
Bow2	. Bow out
Bow2	exit
Bow2	withdraw; retire. Take a bow acknowledge applause.
Bow3	(often in
Bow3	) Front end of a boat.
Bow3	rower nearest this.
Bowdlerize	expurgate
Bowel	(often in
Bowel	(in
Bowel	) Innermost parts.
Bower	arbour; summer-house.
Bower	poet. Inner room.
Bowerbird	Australasian bird, the male of which constructs elaborate runs.
Bowie	a kind of long hunting-knife.
Bowl1	a usu. Round deep basin for food or liquid.
Bowl1	contents of a bowl.
Bowl1	hollow part of a tobacco-pipe, spoon, etc.
Bowl2	hard heavy ball, made with a bias to run in a curve.
Bowl2	(in
Bowl2	; usu. Treated as sing.) Game played with these on grass.
Bowl2	spell or turn of bowling in cricket.
Bowl2	a roll
Bowl2	play bowls.
Bowl2	Cricket etc.
Bowl2	deliver
Bowl2	dismiss
Bowl2	by knocking down the wicket with a ball.
Bowl2	go along rapidly.
Bowl2	knock down.
Bowl2	Impress greatly, overwhelm.
Bow-legs	pl. Bandy legs.
Bowler1	cricket etc. Player who bowls.
Bowler1	bowls-player.
Bowler2	man's hard round felt hat.
Bowline	rope from a ship's bow keeping the sail taut against the wind.
Bowline	knot forming a non-slipping loop at the end of a rope.
Bowling	The game of skittles, tenpin bowling, or bowls.
Bowling-alley	long enclosure for skittles or tenpin bowling.
Bowling-alley	building with these.
Bowling-green	Lawn for playing bowls.
Bowman	Archer.
Bowsprit	Spar running forward from a ship's bow.
Bowstring	String of an archer's bow.
Bow-tie	Necktie in the form of a bow.
Bow-window	Curved bay window.
Bow-wow	Imitation of a dog's bark.
Bow-wow	Dog.
Box1	container, usu. Flat-sided and firm.
Box1	amount contained in a box.
Box1	compartment, e.g. In a theatre or lawcourt.
Box1	receptacle or kiosk for a special purpose (often in
Box1	: money box; telephone box).
Box1	facility at a newspaper office for receiving replies to an advertisement.
Box1	Television.
Box1	enclosed area or space.
Box1	area of print enclosed by a border.
Box1	light shield for the genitals in cricket etc.
Box1	football
Box1	Penalty area.
Box1	put in or provide with a box.
Box1	confine.
Box2	a take part in boxing.
Box2	fight
Box2	at boxing.
Box2	slap (esp.
Box2	person's ears).
Box2	Hard slap, esp. On the ears.
Box3	small evergreen tree with dark green leaves.
Box3	its fine hard wood.
Box and cox	Two people sharing accommodation etc. In shifts.
Box camera	Simple box-shaped camera.
Boxer	person who boxes, esp. As a sport.
Boxer	medium-size short-haired dog with a puglike face.
Boxer shorts	pl. Men's loose underpants like shorts.
Box girder	Hollow girder square in cross-section.
Boxing	Fighting with the fists, esp. As a sport.
Boxing day	First weekday after christmas.
Boxing glove	Each of a pair of heavily padded gloves worn in boxing.
Box junction	Road area marked with a yellow grid, which a vehicle should enter only if its exit is clear.
Box number	Number for replies to a private advertisement in a newspaper.
Box office	Ticket-office at a theatre etc.
Box pleat	Arrangement of parallel pleats folding in alternate directions.
Boxroom	Small room for storing boxes, cases, etc.
Box spring	Each of a set of vertical springs in a frame, e.g. In a mattress.
Boxy	cramped.
Boy	male child, son.
Boy	young man.
Boy	male servant etc.
Boy	Expressing pleasure, surprise, etc.
Boy	Boyish
Boycott	refuse to have social or commercial relations with
Boycott	refuse to handle
Boycott	Such a refusal.
Boyfriend	Person's regular male companion or lover.
Boyo	welsh
Boyo	boy, mate.
Bp	boiling-point.
Bp	blood pressure.
Bp	before the present
Bp	british petroleum.
Bp	british pharmacopoeia.
Bq	Becquerel.
Br	British rail.
Br	Bromine.
Bra	Undergarment worn by women to support the breasts.
Brace	device that clamps or fastens tightly.
Brace	timber etc. Strengthening a framework.
Brace	(in
Brace	) Straps supporting trousers from the shoulders.
Brace	wire device for straightening the teeth.
Brace	pair
Brace	rope for trimming a sail.
Brace	connecting mark { or } in printing.
Brace	make steady by supporting.
Brace	fasten tightly to make firm.
Brace	(esp. As bracing
Brace	) Invigorate, refresh.
Brace	Prepare for a difficulty, shock, etc.
Brace and bit	Revolving tool for boring, with a d-shaped central handle.
Bracelet	ornamental band or chain worn on the wrist or arm.
Bracelet	handcuff.
Brachiosaurus	plant-eating dinosaur with forelegs longer than its hind legs.
Bracken	large
Bracken	fern.
Bracken	mass of these.
Bracket	support projecting from a vertical surface.
Bracket	shelf fixed to a wall with this.
Bracket	each of a pair of marks
Brackish	Slightly salty.
Bract	Leaf-like and often brightly coloured part of a plant, growing before the flower.
Brad	Thin flat nail with a head on only one side.
Bradawl	Small pointed tool for boring holes by hand.
Brae	Scot. Hillside.
Brag	talk boastfully.
Brag	card-game like poker.
Brag	boastful statement or talk.
Braggart	Boastful person.
Braggart	Boastful.
Brahma	hindu creator.
Brahma	supreme divine hindu reality.
Brahman	member of the highest or priestly hindu caste.
Brahman	Brahmanism
Braid	woven band as edging or trimming.
Braid	us plait of hair.
Braid	us plait.
Braid	trim with braid.
Braille	System of writing and printing for the blind, with patterns of raised dots.
Braille	print or transcribe in braille.
Brain	organ of soft nervous tissue in the skull of vertebrates, the centre of sensation and of intellectual and nervous activity.
Brain	Intelligent person.
Brain	(often in
Brain	) Intelligence.
Brain	(usu. In
Brain	; prec. By the)
Brain	Cleverest person in a group; mastermind.
Brain	electronic device functioning like a brain.
Brain	dash out the brains of.
Brain	Strike hard on the head.
Brain	Obsessively in one's thoughts.
Brainchild	Person's clever idea or invention.
Brain death	Irreversible brain damage causing the end of independent respiration, regarded as indicative of death.
Brain drain	Loss of skilled personnel by emigration.
Brainless	Foolish.
Brainpower	Mental ability or intelligence.
Brainstorm	sudden mental disturbance.
Brainstorm	Mental lapse.
Brainstorm	us brainwave.
Brainstorm	pooling of spontaneous ideas about a problem etc.
Brainstorm	(in sense
Brains trust	Group of experts answering questions, usu. Publicly and impromptu.
Brainwash	Implant ideas or esp. Ideology into
Brainwash	by repetition etc.
Brainwave	(usu. In
Brainwave	) Electrical impulse in the brain.
Brainwave	Sudden bright idea.
Brainy	intellectually clever.
Braise	stew slowly with a little liquid in a closed container.
Brake1	(often in
Brake1	) Device for stopping or slowing a wheel, vehicle, etc.
Brake1	thing that impedes.
Brake1	apply a brake.
Brake1	slow or stop with a brake.
Brake2	Large estate car.
Brake3	toothed instrument for crushing flax and hemp.
Brake3	heavy harrow.
Brake3	crush
Brake4	Thicket or clump of brushwood.
Brake drum	Cylinder attached to a wheel, on which the brake shoes press to brake.
Brake horsepower	Power of an engine measured by the force needed to brake it.
Brake lining	Strip of fabric increasing the friction of a brake shoe.
Brake shoe	Long curved block which presses on a brake drum to brake.
Bramble	Wild thorny shrub, esp. The blackberry.
Brambling	The speckled finch.
Bran	Grain husks separated from flour.
Branch	limb of a tree or bough.
Branch	lateral extension or subdivision, esp. Of a river, road, or railway.
Branch	subdivision of a family, knowledge, etc.
Branch	local office etc. Of a large business.
Branch	diverge.
Branch	divide into branches.
Brand	a particular make of goods.
Brand	identifying trade mark, label, etc.
Brand	characteristic kind
Brand	identifying mark burned esp. On livestock.
Brand	iron used for this.
Brand	piece of burning or charred wood.
Brand	stigma; mark of disgrace.
Brand	poet. Torch.
Brand	mark with a hot iron.
Brand	stigmatize
Brand	impress unforgettably.
Brand	assign a trademark etc. To.
Brandish	Wave or flourish as a threat or display.
Brand-new	Completely new.
Brandy	strong alcoholic spirit distilled from wine or fermented fruit juice.
Brandy butter	Mixture of brandy, butter, and sugar.
Brandy-snap	Crisp rolled gingerbread wafer usu. Filled with cream.
Bran-tub	Lucky dip with prizes hidden in bran.
Brash	Vulgarly self-assertive; impudent.
Brash	Brashness
Brass	yellow alloy of copper and zinc.
Brass	brass objects collectively.
Brass	brass wind instruments.
Brass	money.
Brass	brass memorial tablet.
Brass	Effrontery.
Brass	Made of brass.
Brass	fed up.
Brass band	Band of brass instruments.
Brasserie	Restaurant, orig. One serving beer with food.
Brassica	Plant of the cabbage family.
Brass monkey	used in various phrases to indicate extreme cold.
Brass-rubbing	practice of taking impressions by rubbing heelball etc. Over paper laid on engraved brasses.
Brass-rubbing	impression obtained by this.
Brass tacks	essential details.
Brassy	of or like brass.
Brassy	impudent.
Brassy	vulgarly showy.
Brassy	loud and blaring.
Brat	Usu. Derog. Child, esp. An ill-behaved one.
Bravado	Show of boldness.
Brave	able or ready to face and endure danger, disgrace, or pain.
Brave	formal splendid, spectacular.
Brave	American indian warrior.
Brave	face bravely or defiantly.
Brave	Braveness
Brave	Bravery
Bravo	Expressing approval.
Bravo	cry of ‘bravo’.
Bravura	brilliance of execution.
Bravura	(often
Bravura	) Passage of
Bravura	music requiring brilliant technique.
Brawl	Noisy quarrel or fight.
Brawl	engage in a brawl.
Brawl	run noisily.
Brawn	muscular strength.
Brawn	muscle; lean flesh.
Brawn	jellied meat made from a pig's head.
Bray	cry of a donkey.
Bray	harsh sound like this.
Bray	make a bray.
Bray	utter harshly.
Braze	solder with an alloy of brass and zinc.
Brazen	shameless; insolent.
Brazen	of or like brass.
Brazen	harsh in sound.
Brazen	face or undergo defiantly
Brazier1	Metal pan or stand holding burning coals etc.
Brazier2	Worker in brass.
Brazil	tall s. American tree.
Brazil	its large three-sided nut.
Breach	breaking or non-observation of a law, contract, etc.
Breach	breaking of relations; quarrel.
Breach	opening, gap.
Breach	break through; make a gap in.
Breach	break
Breach of promise	Breaking of a promise, esp. To marry.
Breach of the peace	Crime of causing a public disturbance.
Bread	baked dough of flour and water, usu. Leavened with yeast.
Bread	necessary food.
Bread	money.
Bread	Coat with breadcrumbs for cooking.
Bread and butter	One's livelihood.
Bread and butter	done or produced to earn a basic living.
Breadboard	board for cutting bread on.
Breadboard	board for making an experimental model of an electric circuit.
Breadcrumb	Small fragment of bread, esp. (in
Breadcrumb	) For use in cooking.
Breadfruit	fruit which resembles new bread when roasted.
Breadfruit	tropical evergreen tree bearing it.
Breadline	Subsistence level
Bread sauce	White sauce thickened with breadcrumbs.
Breadth	distance or measurement from side to side of a thing.
Breadth	freedom from prejudice or intolerance.
Breadwinner	Person who works to support a family.
Break	(past broke;
Break	Broken)
Break	a separate into pieces under a blow or strain; shatter.
Break	make or become inoperative.
Break	break a bone in or dislocate
Break	a interrupt
Break	have an interval
Break	fail to keep
Break	a make or become subdued or weak;
Break	yield; destroy.
Break	weaken the effect of
Break	= break in
Break	surpass
Break	end a friendship with
Break	a be no longer subject to
Break	free
Break	from a habit
Break	reveal or be revealed
Break	change suddenly.
Break	curl over and foam.
Break	dawn.
Break	move apart.
Break	begin violently.
Break	0 electr. Disconnect
Break	1 a
Break	change with emotion.
Break	change at puberty.
Break	2 a
Break	divide
Break	change
Break	For coins.
Break	3 ruin financially (see also *broke
Break	4 penetrate (e.g.
Break	safe) by force.
Break	5 decipher
Break	6 make
Break	By force.
Break	7 burst forth
Break	8 a
Break	disperse in confusion.
Break	rupture
Break	9 a (usu. Foll.
Breakable	Easily broken.
Breakable	(esp. In
Breakable	) Breakable thing.
Breakage	a broken thing.
Breakage	damage caused by breaking.
Breakage	act or instance of breaking.
Breakaway	(often
Breakaway	) Breaking away; secession
Break-dancing	Acrobatic style of street-dancing.
Breakdown	a mechanical failure.
Breakdown	loss of
Breakdown	health.
Breakdown	collapse
Breakdown	analysis
Breaker	heavy breaking wave.
Breaker	person or thing that breaks something, esp. Disused machinery.
Breakfast	First meal of the day.
Breakfast	Have breakfast.
Break-in	Illegal forced entry, esp. With criminal intent.
Breaking and entering	the illegal entering of a building with intent to commit a felony.
Breaking-point	Point of greatest strain.
Breakneck	dangerously fast.
Break-out	Forcible escape.
Breakthrough	major advance or discovery.
Breakthrough	act of breaking through an obstacle etc.
Breakup	disintegration or collapse.
Breakup	dispersal.
Breakwater	Barrier breaking the force of waves.
Bream	yellowish arch-backed freshwater fish.
Bream	similar marine fish.
Breast	a either of two milk-secreting organs on a woman's chest.
Breast	corresponding part of a man's body.
Breast	a chest.
Breast	corresponding part of an animal.
Breast	part of a garment that covers the breast.
Breast	breast as a source of nourishment or emotion.
Breast	contend with.
Breast	reach the top of
Breastbone	Thin flat vertical bone in the chest between the ribs.
Breast-feed	Feed
Breast-feed	from the breast.
Breastplate	Armour covering the breast.
Breast-stroke	Swimming stroke made by extending both arms forward and sweeping them back.
Breastwork	Low temporary defence or parapet.
Breath	a air drawn into or expelled from the lungs.
Breath	one respiration of air.
Breath	breath as perceived by the senses.
Breath	a slight movement of air.
Breath	whiff
Breath	whisper, murmur
Breath	cease breathing momentarily in surprise etc.
Breath	rest to restore normal breathing. Hold one's breath cease breathing temporarily. Out of breath gasping for air, esp. After exercise. Take one's breath away surprise, delight, etc. Under one's breath in a whisper.
Breathalyser	propr. Instrument for measuring alcohol levels in the breath exhaled into it.
Breathe	draw air into and expel it from the lungs.
Breathe	be or seem alive.
Breathe	a utter or sound
Breathe	express
Breathe	pause.
Breathe	send out or take in
Breathe	with the breath
Breathe	Be exposed to the air.
Breather	Brief pause for rest.
Breather	brief period in the fresh air.
Breathing-space	Time to recover; pause.
Breathless	panting, out of breath.
Breathless	holding the breath.
Breathless	still, windless.
Breathtaking	Astounding; awe-inspiring.
Breath test	Test with a breathalyser.
Breech	Back part of a rifle or gun barrel.
Breech birth	delivery of a baby with the buttocks or feet foremost.
Breeches	pl. Short trousers, esp. Fastened below the knee.
Breeches buoy	Lifebuoy with canvas breeches for the user's legs.
Breed	(past and
Breed	Bred)
Breed	produce young.
Breed	propagate; raise
Breed	yield; result in.
Breed	arise; spread.
Breed	bring up; train.
Breed	create
Breed	by nuclear reaction.
Breed	stock of similar animals or plants within a species, usu. Developed by deliberate selection.
Breed	race; lineage.
Breed	sort, kind.
Breeder reactor	Nuclear reactor creating surplus fissile material.
Breeding	raising of offspring; propagation.
Breeding	social behaviour; ancestry.
Breeze1	gentle wind.
Breeze1	Quarrel.
Breeze1	esp. Us
Breeze1	Easy task.
Breeze1	Saunter casually.
Breeze2	Small cinders.
Breeze-block	Lightweight building block, esp. Of breeze mixed with sand and cement.
Breezy	slightly windy.
Breezy	Cheerful, light-hearted, casual.
Bren	lightweight quick-firing machine-gun.
Brent	small migratory goose.
Breton	native of brittany.
Breton	celtic language of brittany.
Breton	Of brittany, its people, or language.
Breve	Note twice the length of a semibreve.
Breve	mark
Breve	indicating a short or unstressed vowel.
Breviary	book containing the roman catholic daily office.
Brevity	economy of expression; conciseness.
Brevity	shortness
Brew	a make
Brew	By infusion, boiling, and fermentation.
Brew	make
Brew	By infusion.
Brew	undergo these processes.
Brew	gather force; threaten
Brew	concoct
Brew	liquid or amount brewed; concoction.
Brew	process of brewing.
Brewery	factory for brewing beer etc.
Brew-up	Instance of making tea.
Bribe	Persuade to act improperly in one's favour by a gift of money etc.
Bribe	Money or services offered in bribing.
Bric-à-brac	cheap ornaments, trinkets, etc.
Brick	a small usu. Rectangular block of fired or sun-dried clay used in building.
Brick	material of this.
Brick	child's toy block.
Brick	brick-shaped thing.
Brick	generous or loyal person.
Brick	close or block with brickwork.
Brick	built of brick
Brick	dull red.
Brickbat	piece of brick, esp. As a missile.
Brickbat	insult.
Brickie	bricklayer.
Bricklayer	Person who builds with bricks, esp. For a living.
Brickwork	Building or work in brick.
Brickyard	Place where bricks are made.
Bridal	Of a bride or wedding.
Bride	Woman on her wedding day and during the period just before and after it.
Bridegroom	Man on his wedding day and during the period just before and after it.
Bridesmaid	Girl or unmarried woman attending a bride at her wedding.
Bridge1	a structure providing a way across a river, road, railway, etc.
Bridge1	thing joining or connecting.
Bridge1	operational superstructure on a ship.
Bridge1	upper bony part of the nose.
Bridge1	piece of wood on a violin etc. Over which the strings are stretched.
Bridge1	be or make a bridge over.
Bridge1	reduce
Bridge2	Card-game derived from whist.
Bridgehead	Fortified position held on the enemy's side of a river etc.
Bridge roll	Small soft bread roll.
Bridgework	Dentistry dental structure covering a gap, joined to the teeth on either side.
Bridging loan	Loan to cover the interval between buying a house etc. And selling another.
Bridle	headgear for controlling a horse, including reins and bit.
Bridle	restraining thing.
Bridle	put a bridle on.
Bridle	curb, restrain.
Bridle	express anger, offence, etc., esp. By throwing up the head and drawing in the chin.
Bridle-path	rough path for riders or walkers.
Brie	kind of soft cheese.
Brief	of short duration.
Brief	concise; abrupt, brusque.
Brief	scanty
Brief	(in
Brief	) Short pants.
Brief	a summary of a case drawn up for counsel.
Brief	piece of work for a barrister.
Brief	instructions for a task.
Brief	papal letter on discipline.
Brief	instruct
Brief	by brief.
Brief	inform or instruct in advance.
Brief	Briefness
Briefcase	Flat document case.
Brier1	wild rose or other prickly bush.
Brier2	white heath of s. Europe.
Brier2	tobacco pipe made from its root.
Brig.	Brigadier.
Brig1	Two-masted square-rigged ship.
Brig2	Scot. &
Brig2	engl. Bridge.
Brigade	military unit, usu. Three battalions, as part of a division.
Brigade	group organized for a special purpose.
Brigadier	officer commanding a brigade.
Brigadier	staff officer of similar standing.
Brigand	Member of a robber band; bandit.
Brigantine	Two-masted ship with a square-rigged foremast and a fore-and-aft rigged mainmast.
Bright	emitting or reflecting much light; shining.
Bright	intense, vivid.
Bright	clever.
Bright	cheerful.
Bright	Esp. Poet. Brightly.
Bright	Brightness
Brighten	Make or become brighter.
Bright's disease	Kidney disease.
Brill1	european flat-fish.
Brilliant	very bright; sparkling.
Brilliant	outstandingly talented.
Brilliant	showy.
Brilliant	Excellent.
Brilliant	Diamond of the finest cut with many facets.
Brilliant	Brilliantly
Brilliantine	Dressing for making the hair glossy.
Brim	edge or lip of a vessel.
Brim	projecting edge of a hat.
Brim	fill or be full to the brim.
Brim-full	filled to the brim.
Brimstone	sulphur.
Brindled	brown or tawny with streaks of another colour.
Brine	water saturated or strongly impregnated with salt.
Brine	sea water.
Bring	(past and
Bring	Brought)
Bring	come carrying; lead, accompany; convey.
Bring	cause or result in
Bring	be sold for; produce as income.
Bring	a prefer
Bring	initiate
Bring	cause to become or to reach a state
Bring	adduce
Bring	cause to fall.
Bring	lower
Bring	. Bring forth
Bring	give birth to.
Bring	cause. Bring forward
Bring	move to an earlier time.
Bring	transfer from the previous page or account.
Bring	draw attention to. Bring home to cause to realize fully. Bring the house down receive rapturous applause. Bring in
Bring	introduce.
Bring	yield as income or profit. Bring off achieve successfully. Bring on cause to happen, appear, or make progress. Bring out
Bring	emphasize; make evident.
Bring	publish. Bring over convert to one's own side. Bring round
Bring	restore to consciousness.
Bring	persuade. Bring through aid
Bring	through adversity, esp. Illness. Bring to restore to consciousness
Bring	. Bring up
Bring	rear
Bring	vomit.
Bring	call attention to.
Bring	Stop suddenly.
Bring-and-buy sale	Charity sale at which people bring items for sale and buy those brought by others.
Brink	extreme edge of land before a precipice, river, etc.
Brink	furthest point before danger, discovery, etc.
Brinkmanship	Pursuit
Brinkmanship	of danger etc. To the brink of catastrophe.
Briny	of brine or the sea; salty.
Briny	the sea.
Briquette	Block of compressed coal-dust as fuel.
Brisk	quick, lively, keen
Brisk	enlivening
Brisk	make or grow brisk.
Brisk	Briskness
Brisket	Animal's breast, esp. As a joint of meat.
Brisling	Small herring or sprat.
Bristle	Short stiff hair, esp. One on an animal's back, used in brushes.
Bristle	stand upright.
Bristle	make
Bristle	do this.
Bristle	show irritation.
Bristle	be covered or abundant
Brit	British person.
Britannia	Personification of britain, esp. As a helmeted woman with shield and trident.
Britannia metal	Silvery alloy of tin, antimony, and copper.
Britannic	of britain.
Briticism	Idiom used only in britain.
British	Of great britain, the british commonwealth, or their people.
British	(prec. By the; treated as
British	) The british people.
British english	English as used in great britain.
British thermal unit	Amount of heat needed to raise
British thermal unit	lb of water through one degree fahrenheit, equivalent to
British thermal unit	.055 x
British thermal unit	03 joules.
Briton	inhabitant of s. Britain before the roman conquest.
Briton	native or inhabitant of great britain.
Brittle	Hard and fragile; apt to break.
Broach	raise for discussion.
Broach	pierce
Broach	to draw liquor.
Broach	open and start using.
Broach	bit for boring.
Broach	roasting-spit.
Broad	large in extent from one side to the other; wide.
Broad	in breadth
Broad	extensive
Broad	full and clear
Broad	explicit
Broad	general
Broad	tolerant, liberal
Broad	markedly regional
Broad	broad part
Broad	woman.
Broad	large areas of water in e. Anglia, formed where rivers widen.
Broad	Broadness
Broad bean	bean with large edible flat seeds.
Broad bean	one such seed.
Broadcast	(past and
Broadcast	Broadcast)
Broadcast	transmit by radio or television.
Broadcast	take part in such a transmission.
Broadcast	scatter
Broadcast	disseminate
Broadcast	widely.
Broadcast	Radio or television programme or transmission.
Broadcast	Broadcasting
Broadcloth	Fine cloth of wool, cotton, or silk.
Broaden	Make or become broader.
Broad gauge	Railway track with a wider than standard gauge.
Broad-leaved	deciduous and hard-timbered.
Broadloom	woven in broad widths.
Broad-minded	Tolerant, liberal.
Broadsheet	large-sized newspaper.
Broadsheet	large sheet of paper printed on one side only.
Broadside	vigorous verbal attack.
Broadside	simultaneous firing of all guns from one side of a ship.
Broadside	side of a ship above the water between the bow and quarter.
Broadsword	Broad-bladed sword, for cutting rather than thrusting.
Brocade	Rich fabric woven with a raised pattern.
Brocade	weave in this way.
Broccoli	Brassica with greenish flower-heads.
Brochure	Pamphlet or booklet, esp. With descriptive information.
Broderie anglaise	Open embroidery on white linen etc.
Brogue1	strong outdoor shoe with ornamental perforations.
Brogue1	rough shoe of untanned leather.
Brogue2	Marked accent, esp. Irish.
Broil	Esp. Us
Broil	grill
Broil	make or become very hot, esp. From the sun.
Broiler	Young chicken for broiling or roasting.
Broken	Of *break.
Broken	having been broken.
Broken	reduced to despair; beaten.
Broken	badly spoken, esp. By a foreigner.
Broken	interrupted
Broken-down	worn out by age, use, etc.
Broken-down	not functioning.
Broken-hearted	Overwhelmed with grief.
Broken home	Family disrupted by divorce or separation.
Broker	agent; middleman.
Broker	member of the stock exchange dealing in stocks and shares.
Broker	official appointed to sell or appraise distrained goods.
Brokerage	Broker's fee or commission.
Brolly	Umbrella.
Bromide	any binary compound of bromine.
Bromide	trite remark.
Bromide	reproduction or proof on paper coated with silver bromide emulsion.
Bromine	Poisonous liquid element with a choking smell.
Bronchial	Of the bronchi
Bronchial	or of the smaller tubes into which they divide.
Bronchitis	Inflammation of the mucous membrane in the bronchial tubes.
Bronchus	either of the two main divisions of the windpipe.
Bronco	wild or half-tamed horse of the western us.
Brontosaurus	large plant-eating dinosaur with a long whiplike tail.
Bronze	alloy of copper and tin.
Bronze	its brownish colour.
Bronze	thing of bronze, esp.
Bronze	sculpture.
Bronze	Made of or coloured like bronze.
Bronze	make or become brown; tan.
Bronze age	Archaeol. Period when weapons and tools were usu. Made of bronze.
Bronze medal	Medal, usu. Awarded as third prize.
Brooch	Ornamental hinged pin.
Brood	young of esp.
Brood	bird born or hatched at one time.
Brood	Children in a family.
Brood	worry or ponder
Brood	sit on eggs to hatch them.
Broody	wanting to brood.
Broody	sullenly thoughtful.
Broody	wanting pregnancy.
Brook1	Small stream.
Brook2	Literary tolerate, allow.
Broom	long-handled brush for sweeping.
Broom	shrub with bright yellow flowers.
Broomstick	Handle of a broom.
Bros.	Brothers
Broth	Thin soup of meat or fish stock.
Brothel	Premises for prostitution.
Brother	man or boy in relation to his siblings.
Brother	close male friend or associate.
Brother	a member of a male religious order, esp.
Brother	monk.
Brother	fellow christian etc.
Brother	fellow human being.
Brotherhood	relationship between brothers.
Brotherhood	association of people with a common interest.
Brotherhood	community of feeling between human beings.
Brother-in-law	one's wife's or husband's brother.
Brother-in-law	one's sister's or sister-in-law's husband.
Brouhaha	Commotion; sensation.
Brow	forehead.
Brow	eyebrow.
Brow	summit of a hill etc.
Brow	edge of a cliff etc.
Browbeat	(past -beat;
Browbeat	-beaten) intimidate, bully.
Brown	having the colour of dark wood or rich soil.
Brown	dark-skinned or suntanned.
Brown	made from wholemeal or wheatmeal flour.
Brown	brown colour or pigment.
Brown	brown clothes or material.
Brown	Make or become brown.
Brown	Fed up, disheartened.
Brown bear	Large
Brown bear	American brown bear.
Brownie	junior guide.
Brownie	small square of chocolate cake with nuts.
Brownie	benevolent elf.
Brownie point	Notional mark awarded for good conduct etc.
Browning	Additive to colour gravy.
Brown owl	any of various owls, esp. The tawny owl.
Brown owl	adult leader of brownie guides.
Brown rice	Unpolished rice.
Brown sugar	Unrefined or partially refined sugar.
Browse	read desultorily or look over goods for sale.
Browse	feed on leaves, twigs, etc.
Browse	twigs, shoots, etc. As fodder.
Browse	act of browsing.
Brucellosis	Bacterial disease, esp. Of cattle.
Bruise	discolouration of the skin caused esp. By a blow.
Bruise	similar damage on a fruit etc.
Bruise	a inflict a bruise on.
Bruise	hurt mentally.
Bruise	be susceptible to bruising.
Bruiser	large tough-looking person.
Bruiser	professional boxer.
Bruit	spread
Brunch	Combined breakfast and lunch.
Brunette	Woman with dark brown hair.
Brunt	Chief impact of an attack, task, etc.
Brush	implement with bristles, hair, wire, etc. Set into a block, for cleaning, painting, arranging the hair, etc.
Brush	act of brushing.
Brush	short esp. Unpleasant encounter.
Brush	fox's bushy tail.
Brush	piece of carbon or metal as an electrical contact esp. With a moving part.
Brush	sweep, scrub, treat, or tidy with a brush.
Brush	remove or apply with a brush.
Brush	graze in passing.
Brush	clean up or smarten.
Brush	revise
Brush-off	Abrupt dismissal.
Brush-up	Act of brushing up.
Brushwood	undergrowth, thicket.
Brushwood	cut or broken twigs etc.
Brushwork	use of the brush in painting.
Brushwork	painter's style in this.
Brusque	Abrupt or offhand.
Brusque	Brusqueness
Brussels sprout	brassica with small cabbage-like buds on a stem.
Brussels sprout	such a bud.
Brutal	savagely cruel.
Brutal	harsh, merciless.
Brutal	. Brutally
Brutalize	make brutal.
Brutalize	treat brutally.
Brute	a brutal or violent person. B
Brute	Unpleasant person or difficult thing.
Brute	animal.
Brute	unthinking
Brute	cruel; stupid; sensual.
Brute	Brutishly
Brute	Brutishness
Bryony	climbing plant with red berries.
Bs	bachelor of surgery.
Bs	british standard
B.sc.	Bachelor of science.
Bse	Bovine spongiform encephalopathy, a usu. Fatal cattle disease.
Bsi	British standards institution.
Bst	british summer time.
Bst	bovine somatotrophin, a growth hormone added to cattle-feed to boost milk production.
Bt	British telecom.
Bt.	Baronet.
B.th.u.	British thermal unit
Bubble	a thin sphere of liquid enclosing air etc.
Bubble	air-filled cavity in a liquid or solidified liquid.
Bubble	transparent domed canopy.
Bubble	visionary or unrealistic project.
Bubble	rise in or send up bubbles.
Bubble	make the sound of boiling.
Bubble and squeak	Cooked cabbage etc. Fried with cooked potatoes.
Bubble bath	Foaming preparation for adding to bath water.
Bubble car	Small domed car.
Bubble gum	Chewing-gum that can be blown into bubbles.
Bubbly	having or like bubbles.
Bubbly	exuberant.
Bubbly	Champagne.
Bubo	inflamed swelling in the armpit or groin.
Bubonic plague	Contagious disease with buboes.
Buccaneer	pirate.
Buccaneer	unscrupulous adventurer.
Buck1	male deer, hare, rabbit, etc.
Buck1	dandy.
Buck1	male.
Buck1	jump upwards with its back arched.
Buck1	throw
Buck1	in this way.
Buck1	cheer up.
Buck1	hurry up; make an effort.
Buck2	dollar.
Buck3	article placed before the next dealer.
Buck3	Shift responsibility
Bucket	a round open container with a handle, for carrying or drawing water etc.
Bucket	amount contained in this.
Bucket	(in
Bucket	Large quantities, esp. Of rain or tears.
Bucket	scoop in a water wheel, dredger, etc.
Bucket	pour heavily.
Bucket	move or drive fast or bumpily.
Bucket seat	Seat with a rounded back for one person, esp. In a car.
Bucket-shop	unregistered broking agency.
Bucket-shop	Travel agency specializing in cheap air tickets.
Buckle	Clasp with a hinged pin for securing a belt, strap, etc.
Buckle	Fasten with a buckle.
Buckle	crumple under pressure.
Buckler	Hist. Small round shield.
Buckram	linen etc. Stiffened with paste etc.
Buck's fizz	Cocktail of champagne and orange juice.
Buckshee	free of charge.
Buckshot	lead shot.
Buckskin	leather from a buck's skin.
Buckskin	thick smooth cotton or woollen cloth.
Buckthorn	Thorny shrub with berries formerly used as a purgative.
Buck-tooth	Upper projecting tooth.
Buckwheat	Seed of a plant related to rhubarb, used to make flour, or as an alternative to rice.
Bucolic	Of shepherds; rustic, pastoral.
Bucolic	(usu. In
Bucolic	) Pastoral poem or poetry.
Bud	a knoblike shoot from which a stem, leaf, or flower develops.
Bud	flower or leaf not fully open.
Bud	asexual outgrowth from an organism separating to form a new individual.
Bud	form buds.
Bud	begin to grow or develop
Bud	graft a bud of
Bud	on to another.
Buddha	title of the indian philosopher gautama
Buddha	and his successors.
Buddha	sculpture etc. Of buddha.
Buddhism	Asian religion or philosophy founded by gautama buddha.
Buddleia	Shrub with fragrant flowers attractive to butterflies.
Buddy	esp. Us
Buddy	Friend or mate.
Budge	move slightly.
Budge	change an opinion.
Budgerigar	Small parrot, often kept as a cage-bird.
Budget	amount of money needed or available.
Budget	government's annual estimate or plan of revenue and expenditure.
Budget	similar estimate by a company etc.
Budget	Inexpensive.
Budget	allow or arrange for in a budget.
Buff	Of a yellowish beige colour
Buff	this colour.
Buff	(in
Buff	Enthusiast
Buff	velvety dull-yellow ox-leather.
Buff	polish
Buff	make
Buff	velvety.
Buff	Naked.
Buffalo	wild ox of africa or asia.
Buffalo	American bison.
Buffer1	thing that deadens impact, esp.
Buffer1	device on a train or at the end of a track.
Buffer1	substance that maintains the constant acidity of a solution.
Buffer1	computing temporary memory area or queue for data.
Buffer2	silly or incompetent old man.
Buffer state	Small state between two larger ones, regarded as reducing friction.
Buffet1	room or counter where refreshments are sold.
Buffet1	self-service meal of several dishes set out at once.
Buffet1	also sideboard or recessed cupboard.
Buffet2	strike repeatedly.
Buffet2	contend with
Buffet2	blow, esp. Of the hand.
Buffet2	shock.
Buffet car	Railway coach serving refreshments.
Buffoon	Clownish or stupid person.
Bug	a any of various insects with mouthparts modified for piercing and sucking.
Bug	esp. Us small insect.
Bug	virus; infection.
Bug	concealed microphone.
Bug	error in a computer program or system etc.
Bug	obsession, enthusiasm, etc.
Bug	conceal a microphone in.
Bug	annoy.
Bugbear	cause of annoyance.
Bugbear	object of baseless fear.
Bugger	(except in sense
Bugger	And
Bugger	a unpleasant or awkward person or thing.
Bugger	person of a specified kind
Bugger	person who commits buggery.
Bugger	as an exclamation of annoyance
Bugger	a ruin; spoil.
Bugger	exhaust.
Bugger	commit buggery with.
Bugger	Expressing annoyance.
Buggery	anal intercourse.
Buggy	small, sturdy, esp. Open, motor vehicle.
Buggy	lightweight push-chair.
Buggy	light, horse-drawn vehicle for one or two people.
Bugle	Brass military instrument like a small trumpet.
Bugle	sound a bugle.
Bugle	sound
Bugle	On a bugle.
Bugloss	Plant with bright blue tubular flowers, related to borage.
Build	(past and
Build	Built)
Build	construct or cause to be constructed.
Build	establish or develop
Build	base
Build	(as built
Build	) Of specified build
Build	physical proportions
Build	style of construction; make.
Build	increase in size or strength.
Build	praise; boost.
Build	gradually become established.
Builder	Person who builds, esp.
Builder	building contractor.
Building	permanent fixed structure e.g.
Building	house, factory, or stable.
Building	constructing of these.
Building society	Public finance company paying interest to investors and lending capital for mortgages etc.
Build-up	favourable advance publicity.
Build-up	gradual approach to a climax.
Build-up	accumulation or increase.
Built-in	Integral.
Built-up	densely developed.
Built-up	increased in height etc. By addition.
Built-up	made of prefabricated parts.
Bulb	a globular base of the stem of some plants, sending roots downwards and leaves upwards.
Bulb	plant grown from this, e.g.
Bulb	daffodil.
Bulb	object or part shaped like a bulb.
Bulbous	Bulb-shaped; fat or bulging.
Bulge	irregular swelling.
Bulge	Temporary increase
Bulge	swell outwards.
Bulimia	disorder in which overeating alternates with self-induced vomiting, fasting, etc.
Bulk	a size; magnitude
Bulk	large mass, body, etc.
Bulk	large quantity.
Bulk	(treated as
Bulk	usu. Prec. By the) greater part or number
Bulk	roughage.
Bulk	seem
Bulk	make
Bulk	Thicker etc.
Bulk buying	Buying in quantity at a discount.
Bulkhead	Upright partition in a ship, aircraft, etc.
Bulky	awkwardly large.
Bull1	a uncastrated male bovine animal.
Bull1	male of the whale, elephant, etc.
Bull1	zodiacal sign or constellation taurus.
Bull1	bull's-eye of a target.
Bull1	person who buys shares hoping to sell them at a profit.
Bull2	Papal edict.
Bull3	a nonsense.
Bull3	unnecessary routine tasks.
Bull3	absurdly illogical statement.
Bulldog	short-haired heavy-jowled sturdy dog.
Bulldog	tenacious and courageous person.
Bulldog clip	Strong sprung clip for papers.
Bulldoze	clear with a bulldozer.
Bulldoze	intimidate.
Bulldoze	make
Bulldoze	forcibly.
Bulldozer	Powerful tractor with a broad vertical blade at the front for clearing ground.
Bullet	Small pointed missile fired from a rifle, revolver, etc.
Bulletin	short official news report.
Bulletin	society's regular list of information etc.
Bulletproof	Designed to protect from bullets.
Bullfight	Public baiting, and usu. Killing, of bulls.
Bullfight	Bullfighting
Bullfinch	Pink and black finch.
Bullfrog	Large
Bullfrog	American frog with a booming croak.
Bull-headed	Obstinate, blundering.
Bullion	Gold or silver in bulk before coining, or valued by weight.
Bullock	Castrated male of domestic cattle.
Bullring	Arena for bullfights.
Bull's-eye	centre of a target.
Bull's-eye	hard minty sweet.
Bull's-eye	hemispherical ship's window.
Bull's-eye	small circular window.
Bull's-eye	a hemispherical lens.
Bull's-eye	lantern with this.
Bull's-eye	boss of glass in a blown glass sheet.
Bullshit	(often as
Bullshit	) Nonsense; pretended knowledge.
Bullshit	talk nonsense or as if one has specialist knowledge
Bull-terrier	Cross between a bulldog and a terrier.
Bully1	person coercing others by fear.
Bully1	persecute or oppress by force or threats.
Bully1	often iron. Expressing approval
Bully2	start of play in hockey in which two opponents strike each other's sticks three times and then go for the ball.
Bully2	start play in this way.
Bully3	corned beef.
Bulrush	a kind of tall rush.
Bulrush	bibl. Papyrus.
Bulwark	defensive wall, esp. Of earth.
Bulwark	protecting person or thing.
Bulwark	(usu. In
Bulwark	) Ship's side above deck.
Bum1	buttocks.
Bum-bag	small pouch worn on a belt round the waist or hips.
Bumble	speak in a rambling way.
Bumble	(often as bumbling
Bumble	) Be inept; blunder.
Bumble-bee	Large bee with a loud hum.
Bumf	Usu. Derog. Papers, documents.
Bump	dull-sounding blow or collision.
Bump	swelling or dent so caused.
Bump	uneven patch on a road etc.
Bump	prominence on the skull thought to indicate a mental faculty.
Bump	a hit or come against with a bump.
Bump	collide.
Bump	hurt or damage by striking
Bump	move along with jolts.
Bump	With a bump; suddenly; violently.
Bump	Meet by chance. Bump off
Bump	murder. Bump up
Bump	Increase
Bumper	horizontal bar at the front or back of a motor vehicle, reducing damage in a collision.
Bumper	(usu.
Bumper	) Unusually large or fine example
Bumper	cricket ball rising high after pitching.
Bumper	brim-full glass.
Bumpkin	Rustic or socially inept person.
Bumptious	Offensively self-assertive or conceited.
Bun	small sweet bread roll or cake, often with dried fruit.
Bun	hair coiled and pinned to the head.
Bunch	things gathered together.
Bunch	collection; lot
Bunch	Group; gang.
Bunch	make into a bunch; gather into close folds.
Bunch	form into a group or crowd.
Bundle	things tied or fastened together.
Bundle	set of nerve fibres etc.
Bundle	large amount of money.
Bundle	tie or make into a bundle.
Bundle	throw or move carelessly.
Bundle	Send away hurriedly.
Bundle	admire; like.
Bun fight	tea party.
Bung	Stopper, esp. For a cask.
Bung	stop with a bung.
Bung	throw.
Bungalow	One-storeyed house.
Bungee	elasticated cord or rope used for securing baggage or in bungee jumping.
Bungee jumping	Sport of jumping from a height while secured by a bungee from the ankles or a harness.
Bungle	mismanage or fail at
Bungle	work badly or clumsily.
Bungle	Bungled attempt or work.
Bunion	Swelling on the foot, esp. On the big toe.
Bunk1	Shelflike bed against a wall, esp. In a ship.
Bunk2	play truant
Bunk2	leave or abscond hurriedly.
Bunk3	nonsense, humbug.
Bunk-bed	Each of two or more tiered beds forming a unit.
Bunker	container for fuel.
Bunker	reinforced underground shelter.
Bunker	sandy hollow in a golf-course.
Bunkum	Nonsense, humbug.
Bunny	child's name for a rabbit.
Bunny	club hostess, waitress, etc., wearing rabbit ears and tail.
Bunsen burner	Small adjustable gas burner used in a laboratory.
Bunting1	Small bird related to the finches.
Bunting2	flags and other decorations.
Bunting2	loosely-woven fabric for these.
Bunting2	flags and other decorations.
Bunting2	loosely-woven fabric for these.
Buoy	anchored float as a navigation mark etc.
Buoy	lifebuoy.
Buoy	a keep afloat.
Buoy	encourage, uplift.
Buoy	mark with a buoy.
Buoyant	able or apt to keep afloat.
Buoyant	resilient; exuberant.
Bupa	British united provident association, a private health insurance organization.
Bur	a prickly clinging seed-case or flower-head.
Bur	any plant having these.
Bur	clinging person.
Bur	var. Of *burr
Burble	talk ramblingly.
Burble	make a bubbling sound.
Burbot	eel-like freshwater fish.
Burden	load, esp.
Burden	heavy one.
Burden	oppressive duty, expense, emotion, etc.
Burden	bearing of loads
Burden	a refrain of a song.
Burden	chief theme of a speech, book, etc.
Burden	Load with a burden; oppress.
Burden of proof	Obligation to prove one's case.
Burdock	Plant with prickly flowers and docklike leaves.
Bureau	a desk with drawers and usu. An angled hinged top.
Bureau	us chest of drawers.
Bureau	a office or department for specific business.
Bureau	government department.
Bureaucracy	a government by central administration.
Bureaucracy	state etc. So governed.
Bureaucracy	government officials, esp. Regarded as oppressive and inflexible.
Bureaucracy	conduct typical of these.
Bureaucrat	official in a bureaucracy.
Bureaucrat	inflexible administrator.
Bureaucrat	Bureaucratically
Buret	graduated glass tube with an end-tap for measuring liquid in chemical analysis.
Burette	graduated glass tube with an end-tap for measuring liquid in chemical analysis.
Burgeon	Literary grow rapidly; flourish.
Burger	Hamburger.
Burgher	Citizen of a continental town.
Burglar	Person who commits burglary.
Burglary	illegal entry with intent to commit theft, do bodily harm, or do damage.
Burglary	instance of this.
Burgle	commit burglary
Burgomaster	Mayor of a dutch or flemish town.
Burgundy	a red or white wine from burgundy in e. France.
Burgundy	hist. Similar wine from elsewhere.
Burgundy	dark red colour of this.
Burial	a burying of a corpse.
Burial	funeral.
Burial	archaeol. Grave or its remains.
Burin	tool for engraving copper or wood.
Burin	archaeol. Chisel-pointed flint tool.
Burlesque	a comic imitation, parody.
Burlesque	this as a genre.
Burlesque	us variety show, esp. With striptease.
Burlesque	Of or using burlesque.
Burlesque	parody.
Burly	large and sturdy.
Burn1	(past and
Burn1	Burnt or burned)
Burn1	be consumed or destroyed by fire.
Burn1	blaze or glow with fire.
Burn1	be injured or damaged by fire, heat, radiation, acid, etc.
Burn1	use or be used as fuel etc.
Burn1	char in cooking.
Burn1	produce
Burn1	By fire or heat.
Burn1	a heat
Burn1	harden
Burn1	by fire.
Burn1	colour, tan, or parch with heat or light.
Burn1	put to death by fire.
Burn1	0 cauterize, brand.
Burn1	1 make, be, or feel hot, esp. Painfully.
Burn1	feel great emotion or passion
Burn1	drive fast.
Burn1	Mark or injury caused by burning.
Burn2	Scot. Brook.
Burner	Part of a gas cooker, lamp, etc. That emits the flame.
Burning	ardent, intense.
Burning	hotly discussed, vital, urgent.
Burning-glass	Lens for concentrating the sun's rays to produce a flame.
Burnish	Polish by rubbing.
Burnous	Arab or moorish hooded cloak.
Burn-out	Exhaustion.
Burnt ochre	pigment darkened by burning.
Burnt offering	Offering burnt on an altar as a sacrifice.
Burp	belch.
Burp	make
Burp	belch.
Burp	Belch.
Burr	a whirring sound.
Burr	rough sounding of the letter r.
Burr	a rough edge on metal or paper.
Burr	surgeon's or dentist's small drill.
Burr	var. Of *bur
Burr	Make a burr.
Burrow	Hole or tunnel dug by a rabbit etc. As a dwelling or shelter.
Burrow	make a burrow.
Burrow	make
Burrow	by digging.
Burrow	investigate, search.
Bursar	treasurer, esp. Of a college.
Bursar	holder of a bursary.
Bursary	grant, esp.
Bursary	scholarship.
Burst	(past and
Burst	Burst)
Burst	break violently apart; open forcibly from within.
Burst	make one's way suddenly or by force.
Burst	break away from or through
Burst	be full to overflowing.
Burst	appear or come suddenly
Burst	suddenly begin to shed
Burst	or utter.
Burst	seem about to burst from effort, excitement, etc.
Burst	act of bursting.
Burst	sudden issue or outbreak
Burst	sudden effort, spurt.
Burst	suddenly begin
Burst	exclaim.
Burton	be lost, destroyed, or killed.
Bury	place
Bury	in the earth, a tomb, or the sea.
Bury	lose by death
Bury	a put or hide under ground.
Bury	cover up; conceal.
Bury	consign to obscurity; forget.
Bury	involve deeply
Bus	large esp. Public passenger vehicle, usu. Travelling a fixed route.
Bus	Car, aeroplane, etc.
Bus	go by bus.
Bus	us transport by bus, esp. To aid racial integration.
Busby	tall fur hat worn by hussars etc.
Bush1	shrub or clump of shrubs.
Bush1	thing like a bush, esp.
Bush1	clump of hair.
Bush1	uncultivated area; woodland or forest.
Bush2	metal lining for a hole enclosing a revolving shaft etc.
Bush2	sleeve giving electrical insulation.
Bush2	Fit with a bush.
Bush-baby	small african lemur.
Bushed	Tired out.
Bushel	Measure of capacity for corn, fruit, etc. (8 gallons or
Bushel	6.4 litres).
Bushfire	Forest or scrub fire often spreading widely.
Bushman	traveller or dweller in the australian bush.
Bushman	member or language of a s.african aboriginal people.
Bush telegraph	Rapid spreading of information, rumour, etc.
Bushy	growing thickly like a bush.
Bushy	having many bushes.
Business	one's regular occupation or profession.
Business	one's own concern.
Business	task or duty.
Business	serious work or activity.
Business	matter or affair.
Business	thing
Business	needing attention or discussion.
Business	buying and selling; trade.
Business	commercial firm.
Businesslike	Efficient, systematic.
Businessman	man or woman engaged in trade or commerce.
Business park	Area designed for commerce and light industry.
Business person	Businessman or businesswoman.
Busk	Perform esp. Music in the street etc. For tips.
Bus lane	Part of a road mainly for use by buses.
Busman	Bus driver.
Busman's holiday	Holiday spent in an activity similar to one's regular work.
Bus shelter	Shelter beside a bus-stop.
Bus station	Centre where buses depart and arrive.
Bus-stop	regular stopping-place of a bus.
Bus-stop	sign marking this.
Bust1	human chest, esp. Of a woman; bosom.
Bust1	sculpture of a person's head, shoulders, and chest.
Bust2	(past and
Bust2	Busted or bust)
Bust2	break, burst.
Bust2	a raid, search.
Bust2	arrest.
Bust2	broken, burst.
Bust2	bankrupt.
Bust2	collapse.
Bust2	separate.
Bustard	Large land bird that can run very fast.
Buster	Esp. Us
Buster	mate; fellow.
Bustier	Strapless close-fitting bodice.
Bustle1	move busily and energetically.
Bustle1	(as bustling
Bustle1	) Active, lively.
Bustle1	Excited or energetic activity.
Bustle2	Hist. Padding worn under a skirt to puff it out behind.
Bust-up	quarrel.
Bust-up	collapse.
Busy	occupied or engaged in work etc.
Busy	full of activity; fussy
Busy	esp. Us
Busy	engaged.
Busy	Keep busy; occupy.
Busybody	meddlesome person.
Busy lizzie	Plant with abundant esp. Red, pink, or white flowers.
But	a nevertheless, however
But	on the other hand; on the contrary
But	except, otherwise than
But	without the result that
But	Except; apart from; other than
But	only; no more than; only just
But	in emphatic repetition; definitely
But	. —rel.
But	Who not; that not
But	Objection
Butane	Gaseous alkane hydrocarbon, used in liquefied form as fuel.
Butch	masculine; tough-looking.
Butcher	a person who deals in meat.
Butcher	slaughterer.
Butcher	brutal murderer.
Butcher	slaughter or cut up
Butcher	for food.
Butcher	kill wantonly or cruelly.
Butcher	Ruin through incompetence.
Butchery	needless or cruel slaughter
Butchery	butcher's trade.
Butler	Principal manservant of a household.
Butt1	push or strike with the head or horns.
Butt1	meet edge to edge.
Butt1	push with the head.
Butt1	join of two edges.
Butt2	object of ridicule etc.
Butt2	a mound behind a target.
Butt2	) Shooting-range.
Butt3	thicker end, esp. Of a tool or weapon.
Butt3	stub of a cigarette etc.
Butt3	esp. Us
Butt3	buttocks.
Butt4	Cask.
Butter	solidified churned cream, used as a spread and in cooking.
Butter	substance of similar texture
Butter	Spread, cook, or serve with butter.
Butter	Flatter.
Butter-bean	flat, dried, white lima bean.
Butter-bean	yellow-podded bean.
Butter-cream	Mixture of butter, icing sugar, etc., as a filling etc. For a cake.
Buttercup	Wild plant with yellow cup-shaped flowers.
Butterfat	Essential fats of pure butter.
Butter-fingers	Person prone to drop things.
Butterfly	insect with four usu. Brightly coloured wings.
Butterfly	(in
Butterfly	Nervous sensation in the stomach.
Butterfly nut	kind of wing-nut.
Butterfly stroke	Stroke in swimming, with arms raised and lifted forwards together.
Buttermilk	Liquid left after churning butter.
Butter muslin	Thin loosely-woven cloth, orig. For wrapping butter.
Butterscotch	Brittle toffee made from butter, brown sugar, etc.
Buttery1	food store, esp. In a college; snack-bar etc.
Buttery2	Like or containing butter.
Buttock	each of the two fleshy protuberances at the rear of the human trunk.
Buttock	corresponding part of an animal.
Button	small disc etc. Sewn to a garment as a fastener or worn as an ornament.
Button	small round knob etc. Pressed to operate electronic equipment.
Button	= button up
Button	fasten with buttons.
Button	Complete satisfactorily.
Button	Be silent.
Buttonhole	slit in cloth for a button.
Buttonhole	flower etc. Worn in a lapel buttonhole.
Buttonhole	Accost and detain
Button mushroom	Young unopened mushroom.
Buttress	projecting support built against a wall.
Buttress	source of help etc.
Buttress	support with a buttress.
Buttress	support by argument etc.
Butty	engl. Sandwich.
Butyl	The univalent alkyl radical c4h9.
Buxom	plump and rosy; busty.
Buy	(buys, buying; past and
Buy	Bought)
Buy	a obtain for money etc.
Buy	serve to obtain
Buy	a procure by bribery etc.
Buy	bribe.
Buy	get by sacrifice etc.
Buy	believe in, accept.
Buy	be a buyer for a store etc.
Buy	Purchase.
Buy	buy as much as possible of.
Buy	absorb
Buy	By purchase.
Buyer	person employed to purchase stock for a large store etc.
Buyer	purchaser, customer.
Buyer's market	trading conditions favourable to buyers.
Buyout	Purchase of a controlling share in a company etc.
Buzz	hum of a bee etc.
Buzz	sound of a buzzer.
Buzz	a low murmur as of conversation.
Buzz	stir; hurried activity
Buzz	telephone call.
Buzz	thrill.
Buzz	hum.
Buzz	a summon with a buzzer. B
Buzz	telephone.
Buzz	move busily.
Buzz	appear busy or full of excitement.
Buzz	go or hurry away.
Buzzard	Large bird of the hawk family.
Buzzer	Electrical buzzing device as a signal.
Buzz-word	Fashionable technical or specialist word; catchword.
By	near, beside
By	through the agency or means of
By	not later than
By	a past, beyond
By	through; via
By	during
By	to the extent of
By	according to; using as a standard or unit
By	with the succession of
By	concerning; in respect of
By	0 used in mild oaths
By	1 expressing dimensions of an area etc.
By	2 avoiding, ignoring
By	3 inclining to
By	near
By	aside; in reserve
By	past
By	a unaided.
By	unprompted.
By	alone.
By- 	subordinate, incidental
Bye1	cricket run scored from a ball that passes the batsman without being hit.
Bye1	status of an unpaired competitor in a sport, who proceeds to the next round by default.
By-election	Election to fill a vacancy arising between general elections.
Byelorussian	Native or language of byelorussia in eastern europe.
Byelorussian	Of byelorussia, its people, or language.
Bygone	Past, antiquated.
Bygone	forgive and forget past quarrels.
By-law	Regulation made by a local authority or corporation.
Byline	line naming the writer of a newspaper article etc.
Byline	secondary line of work.
Byline	goal-line or touch-line.
Bypass	main road passing round a town or its centre.
Bypass	a secondary channel or pipe etc. Used in emergencies.
Bypass	alternative passage for the circulation of blood through the heart.
Bypass	Avoid, go round
Byplay	Secondary action, esp. In a play.
By-product	incidental product made in the manufacture of something else.
By-product	secondary result.
Byre	Cowshed.
Byroad	Minor road.
Byroad	Minor road.
Byssinosis	Lung disease caused by textile fibre dust.
Bystander	Person present but not taking part; onlooker.
Byte	Computing group of eight binary digits, often representing one character.
Byway	byroad or secluded path.
Byway	minor activity.
Byword	person or thing as a notable example
Byword	familiar saying.
Byzantine	of byzantium or the e. Roman empire.
Byzantine	of its highly decorated style of architecture.
Byzantine	Complex, inflexible, or underhand.
Byzantine	Citizen of byzantium or the e. Roman empire.
Byzantine	Byzantinist
C1	third letter of the alphabet.
C1	First note of the diatonic scale of c major.
C1	third hypothetical person or example.
C1	third highest category etc.
C1	algebra
C1	third known quantity.
C1	copyright.
C2	Carbon.
C3	celsius, centigrade.
C3	coulomb
C3	, capacitance.
C.	century.
C.	cent
C.	Circa.
Ca	Calcium.
Ca.	Circa.
Caa	Civil aviation authority.
Cab	taxi.
Cab	driver's compartment in a lorry, train, or crane etc.
Cabal	secret intrigue.
Cabal	political clique.
Cabaret	Entertainment in a nightclub or restaurant.
Cabbage	vegetable with a round head and green or purple leaves.
Cabbage white	Butterfly whose caterpillars feed on cabbage leaves.
Cabby	Taxi-driver.
Caber	Trimmed tree-trunk tossed as a sport in the scottish highlands.
Cabin	small shelter or house, esp. Of wood.
Cabin	room or compartment in an aircraft or ship for passengers or crew.
Cabin	driver's cab.
Cabin-boy	Boy steward on a ship.
Cabin cruiser	Large motor boat with accommodation.
Cabinet	a cupboard or case for storing or displaying things.
Cabinet	casing of a radio, television, etc.
Cabinet	committee of senior ministers in a government.
Cabinet-maker	Skilled joiner.
Cable	encased group of insulated wires for transmitting electricity etc.
Cable	thick rope of wire or hemp.
Cable	cablegram.
Cable	knitting stitch resembling twisted rope.
Cable	transmit
Cable	or inform
Cable	by cablegram.
Cable-car	Small cabin suspended on a looped cable, for carrying passengers up and down a mountain etc.
Cablegram	Telegraph message sent by undersea cable.
Cable television	Television transmission by cable to subscribers.
Cabman	Driver of a cab.
Caboodle	the whole lot.
Caboose	kitchen on a ship's deck.
Caboose	us guard's van on a train etc.
Cabriole	kind of esp.
Cabriole	8th-c. Curved table or chair leg.
Cabriolet	car with a folding top.
Cabriolet	light two-wheeled one-horse carriage with a hood.
Cacao	seed from which cocoa and chocolate are made.
Cacao	tree bearing these.
Cache	hiding-place for treasure, stores, guns, etc.
Cache	things so hidden.
Cache	put in a cache.
Cachet	prestige.
Cachet	distinguishing mark or seal.
Cachet	flat capsule of medicine.
Cachou	Lozenge to sweeten the breath.
Cack-handed	clumsy.
Cack-handed	left-handed.
Cackle	clucking of a hen etc.
Cackle	raucous laugh.
Cackle	noisy chatter.
Cackle	emit a cackle.
Cackle	chatter noisily.
Cacophony	harsh discordant sound.
Cactus	plant with a thick fleshy stem and usu. Spines but no leaves.
Cad	Computer aided design.
Cad	Man who behaves dishonourably.
Cadaver	Esp. Med. Corpse.
Cadaverous	Corpselike; very pale and thin.
Caddie	person who carries a golfer's clubs during play.
Caddie	act as a caddie.
Caddis-fly	Small nocturnal insect living near water.
Caddis-worm	larva of the caddis-fly.
Caddy1	small container for tea.
Cadence	rhythm; the measure or beat of a sound or movement.
Cadence	fall in pitch of the voice.
Cadence	tonal inflection.
Cadence	close of a musical phrase.
Cadenza	Virtuoso passage for a soloist.
Cadet	Young trainee for the armed services or police force.
Cadge	Get or seek by begging.
Cadi	judge in a muslim country.
Cadmium	Soft bluish-white metallic element.
Cadre	basic unit, esp. Of servicemen.
Cadre	group of esp. Communist activists.
Caecum	blind-ended pouch at the junction of the small and large intestines.
Caerphilly	kind of mild white cheese.
Caesar	title of roman emperors.
Caesar	autocrat.
Caesura	pause in a line of verse.
Café	Small coffee-house or restaurant.
Cafeteria	Self-service restaurant.
Caffeine	Alkaloid stimulant in tea-leaves and coffee beans.
Caftan	long tunic worn by men in the near east.
Caftan	long loose dress or shirt.
Cage	structure of bars or wires, esp. For confining animals or birds.
Cage	similar open framework, esp.
Cage	lift in mine etc.
Cage	place or keep in a cage.
Cagey	Cautious and non-committal.
Cagey	Caginess
Cagoule	Thin hooded windproof jacket.
Cahoots	pl.
Cahoots	in collusion.
Cain	= raise the roof.
Cairn	mound of stones as a monument or landmark.
Cairn	small shaggy short-legged terrier.
Cairngorm	Semiprecious form of quartz.
Caisson	Watertight chamber for underwater construction work.
Cajole	persuade by flattery, deceit, etc.
Cake	mixture of flour, butter, eggs, sugar, etc., baked in the oven and often iced and decorated.
Cake	other food in a flat round shape
Cake	flattish compact mass
Cake	form into a compact mass.
Cake	cover
Cake	Enjoy both of two mutually exclusive alternatives.
Cake	piece of cake
Cake	Something easily achieved. Sell
Cake	like hot cakes
Cake	Be sold
Cake	quickly; be popular.
Cakewalk	obsolete american black dance.
Cakewalk	Easy task.
Cakewalk	fairground entertainment consisting of a promenade moved by machinery.
Cal	Large calorie
Cal	Small calorie
Calabash	gourd-bearing tree of tropical america.
Calabash	such a gourd, esp. As a vessel for water, etc.
Calabrese	Variety of broccoli.
Calamine	Powdered form of zinc carbonate and ferric oxide used as a skin lotion.
Calamity	disaster, great misfortune.
Calcareous	Of or containing calcium carbonate.
Calceolaria	Plant with slipper-shaped flowers.
Calces	Of *calx.
Calciferol	Vitamin
Calciferol	promoting calcium deposition in the bones.
Calciferous	Yielding calcium salts, esp. Calcium carbonate.
Calcify	harden by the depositing of calcium salts.
Calcify	convert or be converted to calcium carbonate.
Calcine	decompose or be decomposed by strong heat.
Calcite	Natural crystalline calcium carbonate.
Calcium	Soft grey metallic element occurring in limestone, marble, chalk, etc.
Calcium carbide	Greyish solid used in the production of acetylene.
Calcium carbonate	White insoluble solid occurring as chalk, marble, etc.
Calcium hydroxide	White crystalline powder used in the manufacture of mortar.
Calcium oxide	White crystalline solid from which many calcium compounds are manufactured.
Calculate	ascertain or forecast esp. By mathematics or reckoning.
Calculate	plan deliberately.
Calculate	rely on; reckon on.
Calculated	done deliberately or with foreknowledge.
Calculated	Designed or suitable; intended.
Calculating	Scheming, mercenary.
Calculation	Act, process, or result of calculating.
Calculator	Device (esp.
Calculator	small electronic one) for making mathematical calculations.
Calculus	particular method of mathematical calculation or reasoning.
Calculus	stone or mineral mass in the body.
Calendar	system fixing the year's beginning, length, and subdivision.
Calendar	chart etc. Showing such subdivisions.
Calendar	timetable of dates, events, etc.
Calendar	Enter in a calendar; register
Calendar year	Period from
Calendar year	jan. To
Calendar year	1 dec. Inclusive.
Calender	Machine in which cloth, paper, etc. Is rolled to glaze or smooth it.
Calender	Press in a calender.
Calends	pl.
Calends	first of the month in the ancient roman calendar.
Calendula	Plant with large yellow or orange flowers, esp. The marigold.
Calf1	young cow or bull.
Calf1	young of other animals, e.g. The elephant, deer, and whale.
Calf1	calfskin.
Calf2	fleshy hind part of the human leg below the knee.
Calf-love	Romantic adolescent love.
Calfskin	Calf-leather.
Caliber	a internal diameter of a gun or tube.
Caliber	diameter of a bullet or shell.
Caliber	strength or quality of character; ability, importance.
Calibrate	mark
Calibrate	with a scale of readings.
Calibrate	correlate the readings of
Calibrate	with a standard.
Calibrate	determine the calibre of
Calibre	a internal diameter of a gun or tube.
Calibre	diameter of a bullet or shell.
Calibre	strength or quality of character; ability, importance.
Calices	Of *calix.
Calico	cotton cloth, esp. Plain white or unbleached.
Calico	us printed cotton fabric.
Calico	of calico.
Calico	us multicoloured.
Californium	Artificial radioactive metallic element.
Caliph	Esp. Hist. Chief muslim civil and religious ruler.
Call	cry, shout; speak loudly.
Call	Emit its characteristic sound.
Call	communicate with by telephone or radio.
Call	summon.
Call	pay a brief visit.
Call	order to take place
Call	name; describe as.
Call	regard as
Call	rouse from sleep.
Call	demand.
Call	appeal to
Call	1 name
Call	in bidding at cards.
Call	2 guess the outcome of tossing a coin etc.
Call	shout, cry.
Call	a characteristic cry of a bird etc.
Call	instrument for imitating it.
Call	brief visit.
Call	a act of telephoning.
Call	telephone conversation.
Call	a invitation, summons.
Call	vocation.
Call	need, occasion
Call	demand
Call	signal on a bugle etc.
Call	option of buying stock at a fixed price at a given date.
Call	0 cards a player's right or turn to make a bid.
Call	bid made.
Call	withdraw from circulation.
Call	seek the advice or services of. Call off
Call	cancel
Call	order
Call	to desist. Call out
Call	summon to action.
Call	order
Call	to strike. Call the shots
Call	Be in control; take the initiative. Call up
Call	telephone.
Call	recall.
Call	summon to military service. On call ready or available if required.
Call-box	Telephone box.
Caller	Person who calls, esp. One who pays a visit or makes a telephone call.
Call-girl	Prostitute accepting appointments by telephone.
Calligraphy	handwriting, esp. When fine.
Calligraphy	art of this.
Calligraphy	Calligraphic
Calligraphy	Calligraphist
Calling	profession or occupation.
Calling	vocation.
Calliper	(in
Calliper	) Compasses for measuring diameters.
Calliper	metal splint to support the leg.
Callisthenics	pl.
Callisthenics	exercises for fitness and grace.
Callosity	area of hard thick skin.
Callous	unfeeling, insensitive.
Callous	hardened.
Callous	Callousness
Callow	Inexperienced, immature.
Call-up	Summons to do military service.
Callus	area of hard thick skin or tissue.
Callus	hard tissue formed round bone ends after a fracture.
Calm	tranquil, quiet, windless.
Calm	serene; not agitated.
Calm	Calm condition or period.
Calm	make or become calm.
Calm	Calmness
Calomel	Compound of mercury used as a cathartic.
Calor gas	Propr. Liquefied butane gas stored under pressure in containers for domestic use.
Caloric	Of heat or calories.
Calorie	unit of quantity of heat, the amount needed to raise the temperature of one gram
Calorie	or one kilogram
Calorie	of water by
Calorie	°c.
Calibre	a internal diameter of a gun or tube.
Calibre	diameter of a bullet or shell.
Calibre	strength or quality of character; ability, importance.
Calices	Of *calix.
Calico	cotton cloth, esp. Plain white or unbleached.
Calico	us printed cotton fabric.
Calico	of calico.
Calico	us multicoloured.
Californium	Artificial radioactive metallic element.
Caliph	Esp. Hist. Chief muslim civil and religious ruler.
Call	cry, shout; speak loudly.
Call	Emit its characteristic sound.
Call	communicate with by telephone or radio.
Call	summon.
Call	pay a brief visit.
Call	order to take place
Call	name; describe as.
Call	regard as
Call	rouse from sleep.
Call	demand.
Call	appeal to
Call	1 name
Call	in bidding at cards.
Call	2 guess the outcome of tossing a coin etc.
Call	shout, cry.
Call	a characteristic cry of a bird etc.
Call	instrument for imitating it.
Call	brief visit.
Call	a act of telephoning.
Call	telephone conversation.
Call	a invitation, summons.
Call	vocation.
Call	need, occasion
Call	demand
Call	signal on a bugle etc.
Call	option of buying stock at a fixed price at a given date.
Call	0 cards a player's right or turn to make a bid.
Call	bid made.
Call	withdraw from circulation.
Call	seek the advice or services of. Call off
Call	cancel
Call	order
Call	to desist. Call out
Call	summon to action.
Call	order
Call	to strike. Call the shots
Call	Be in control; take the initiative. Call up
Call	telephone.
Call	recall.
Call	summon to military service. On call ready or available if required.
Call-box	Telephone box.
Caller	Person who calls, esp. One who pays a visit or makes a telephone call.
Call-girl	Prostitute accepting appointments by telephone.
Calligraphy	handwriting, esp. When fine.
Calligraphy	art of this.
Calligraphy	Calligraphic
Calligraphy	Calligraphist
Calling	profession or occupation.
Calling	vocation.
Calliper	(in
Calliper	) Compasses for measuring diameters.
Calliper	metal splint to support the leg.
Callisthenics	pl.
Callisthenics	exercises for fitness and grace.
Callosity	area of hard thick skin.
Callous	unfeeling, insensitive.
Callous	hardened.
Callous	Callousness
Callow	Inexperienced, immature.
Call-up	Summons to do military service.
Callus	area of hard thick skin or tissue.
Callus	hard tissue formed round bone ends after a fracture.
Calm	tranquil, quiet, windless.
Calm	serene; not agitated.
Calm	Calm condition or period.
Calm	make or become calm.
Calm	Calmness
Calomel	Compound of mercury used as a cathartic.
Calor gas	Propr. Liquefied butane gas stored under pressure in containers for domestic use.
Caloric	Of heat or calories.
Calorie	unit of quantity of heat, the amount needed to raise the temperature of one gram
Calorie	or one kilogram
Calorie	of water by
Calorie	°c.
Calorific	Producing heat.
Calorimeter	Instrument for measuring quantity of heat.
Calumniate	slander.
Calumny	slander; malicious representation.
Calvados	Apple brandy.
Calve	give birth to a calf.
Calves	Of *calf1, *calf2.
Calvinism	Theology of calvin or his followers, stressing predestination and divine grace.
Calvinism	Calvinistic
Calx	powdery substance formed when an ore or mineral has been heated.
Calypso	w. Indian song with improvised usu. Topical words and a syncopated rhythm.
Calyx	sepals forming the protective case of a flower in bud.
Calyx	cuplike cavity or structure.
Cam	Projection on a wheel etc., shaped to convert circular into reciprocal or variable motion.
Camaraderie	Friendly comradeship.
Camber	Convex surface of a road, deck, etc.
Camber	Build with a camber.
Cambrian	welsh.
Cambrian	geol. Of the first period in the palaeozoic era.
Cambrian	This period.
Cambric	Fine linen or cotton fabric.
Cambridge blue	(as
Cambridge blue	Often hyphenated) pale blue.
Camcorder	Combined video camera and sound recorder.
Camel	long-legged ruminant with one hump
Camel	or two humps
Camel	fawn colour.
Camel-hair	Fine soft hair used in artists' brushes or for fabric.
Camellia	Evergreen shrub with shiny leaves and showy flowers.
Camembert	kind of soft creamy pungent cheese.
Cameo	small piece of hard stone carved in relief with a background of a different colour.
Cameo	a short descriptive literary sketch or acted scene.
Cameo	small character part in a play or film, usu. Brief and played by a distinguished actor.
Camera	apparatus for taking photographs or moving film.
Camera	equipment for converting images into electrical signals.
Cameraman	Person who operates a camera professionally, esp. In film-making or television.
Camiknickers	pl. Women's knickers and vest combined.
Camisole	Women's lightweight vest.
Camomile	aromatic plant with daisy-like flowers used esp. To make tea.
Camouflage	a disguising of soldiers, tanks, etc. So that they blend into the background.
Camouflage	such a disguise.
Camouflage	the natural blending colouring of an animal.
Camouflage	misleading or evasive behaviour etc.
Camouflage	hide by camouflage.
Camp1	place where troops are lodged or trained.
Camp1	temporary accommodation of huts, tents, etc., for detainees, holiday-makers, etc.
Camp1	ancient fortified site.
Camp1	party supporters etc. Regarded collectively.
Camp1	Set up or spend time in a camp.
Camp2	affected, effeminate, theatrically exaggerated.
Camp2	homosexual.
Camp2	Camp manner or style.
Camp2	Behave or do in a camp way.
Campaign	organized course of action, esp. To gain publicity.
Campaign	military operations towards a particular objective.
Campaign	Take part in a campaign.
Campanile	Bell-tower
Campanile	, esp. In italy.
Campanology	the study of bells.
Campanology	bell-ringing.
Campanula	Plant with bell-shaped usu. Blue, purple, or white flowers.
Camp-bed	Portable folding bed.
Camper	person who camps.
Camper	large motor vehicle with beds etc.
Camp-follower	civilian worker in a military camp.
Camp-follower	disciple or adherent.
Camphor	Pungent white crystalline substance used in making celluloid, medicine, and mothballs.
Camphorate	impregnate or treat with camphor.
Campion	Wild plant with usu. Pink or white notched flowers.
Campsite	Place for camping.
Campus	grounds of a university or college.
Campus	esp. Us a university.
Camra	Campaign for real ale.
Camshaft	Shaft with one or more cams.
Can1	aux.
Can1	a be able to; know how to.
Can1	be potentially capable of
Can1	be permitted to.
Can2	metal vessel for liquid.
Can2	sealed tin container for the preservation of food or drink.
Can2	(in
Can2	headphones.
Can2	a prison.
Can2	us lavatory.
Can2	put or preserve in a can.
Can2	Completed, ready.
Canada goose	Wild
Canada goose	American goose with a brownish-grey body and white neck and breast.
Canaille	Rabble; populace.
Canal	artificial inland waterway.
Canal	tubular duct in a plant or animal.
Canalize	provide with or convert into a canal or canals.
Canalize	channel.
Canapé	Small piece of bread or pastry with a savoury topping.
Canard	Unfounded rumour or story.
Canary	small songbird with yellow feathers.
Canasta	Card-game using two packs and resembling rummy.
Cancan	Lively stage-dance with high kicking.
Cancel	revoke or discontinue
Cancel	delete
Cancel	mark
Cancel	To invalidate it.
Cancel	annul; make void.
Cancel	neutralize or counterbalance.
Cancel	math. Strike out
Cancel	on each side of an equation etc.
Cancer	a malignant tumour of body cells.
Cancer	disease caused by this.
Cancer	evil influence or corruption.
Cancer	a constellation and fourth sign of the zodiac
Cancer	person born when the sun is in this sign.
Cancer	Cancroid
Candela	Si unit of luminous intensity.
Candelabrum	large branched candlestick or lamp-holder.
Candid	frank; open.
Candid	taken informally, usu. Without subject's knowledge.
Candid	Candidness
Candida	Fungus causing thrush.
Candidate	person nominated for or seeking office, an award, etc.
Candidate	person or thing likely to gain some distinction or position.
Candidate	person entered for an examination.
Candidate	Candidature
Candle	Cylinder or block of wax or tallow with a central wick which gives light when burning.
Candlelight	Light from candles.
Candlemas	Feast of the purification of the virgin mary
Candlepower	Unit of luminous intensity.
Candlestick	Holder for one or more candles.
Candlewick	thick soft cotton yarn.
Candlewick	tufted material from this.
Candor	frankness; openness.
Candour	frankness; openness.
C. & w.	Country-and-western
Candy	sugar crystallized by repeated boiling and slow evaporation.
Candy	us sweets; a sweet.
Candy	(usu. As candied
Candy	) Preserve
Candy	In candy.
Candyfloss	Fluffy mass of spun sugar round a stick.
Candystripe	Alternate stripes of white and a colour.
Candytuft	Plant with white, pink, or purple flowers in tufts.
Cane	a hollow jointed stem of giant reeds or grasses.
Cane	solid stem of slender palms.
Cane	cane used for wickerwork etc.
Cane	cane used as a walking-stick, plant support, for punishment, etc.
Cane	beat with a cane.
Cane	weave cane into
Cane sugar	Sugar from sugar-cane.
Canine	Of a dog or dogs.
Canine	dog.
Canine	pointed tooth between incisors and premolars.
Canister	small container for tea etc.
Canister	cylinder of shot, tear-gas, etc., exploding on impact.
Canker	destructive disease of trees and plants.
Canker	ulcerous ear disease of animals.
Canker	corrupting influence.
Canker	infect with canker.
Canker	corrupt.
Canker	(as cankered
Canker	) Soured, malignant.
Canna	Tropical plant with bright flowers and ornamental leaves.
Cannabis	hemp plant.
Cannabis	parts of it used as a narcotic.
Canned	pre-recorded
Canned	sold in a can
Canned	drunk.
Cannelloni	pl. Tubes of pasta stuffed with a savoury mixture.
Cannery	canning-factory.
Cannibal	Person or animal that eats its own species.
Cannibal	Cannibalistic
Cannibalize	use
Cannibalize	As a source of spare parts.
Cannon	hist.
Cannon	large heavy esp. Mounted gun.
Cannon	billiards hitting of two balls successively by the player's ball.
Cannon	collide.
Cannonade	Period of continuous heavy gunfire.
Cannonade	bombard with a cannonade.
Cannon-ball	Hist. Large ball fired by a cannon.
Cannon-fodder	Soldiers regarded as expendable.
Cannot	aux. Can not.
Canny	shrewd, worldly-wise; thrifty.
Canny	scot. &
Canny	engl. Pleasant, agreeable.
Canny	Canniness
Canoe	Small narrow boat with pointed ends, usu. Paddled.
Canoe	travel in a canoe.
Canon	a general law, rule, principle, or criterion.
Canon	church decree or law.
Canon	member of a cathedral chapter.
Canon	body of
Canon	writings accepted as genuine.
Canon	the part of the roman catholic mass containing the words of consecration.
Canon	Piece with different parts taking up the same theme successively.
Canonical	a according to canon law.
Canonical	included in the canon of scripture.
Canonical	authoritative, accepted.
Canonical	of a cathedral chapter or a member of it.
Canonical	(in
Canonical	) Canonical dress of clergy.
Canonist	Expert in canon law.
Canonize	a declare officially to be a saint, usu. With a ceremony.
Canonize	regard as a saint.
Canonize	admit to the canon of scripture.
Canonize	sanction by church authority.
Canon law	Ecclesiastical law.
Canoodle	Kiss and cuddle.
Canopy	a covering suspended over a throne, bed, etc.
Canopy	sky.
Canopy	overhanging shelter.
Canopy	archit. Rooflike projection over a niche etc.
Canopy	expanding part of a parachute.
Canopy	supply or be a canopy to.
Canst	nd person sing. Of *can1.
Cant1	insincere pious or moral talk.
Cant1	language peculiar to a class, profession, etc.; jargon.
Cant1	Use cant.
Cant2	slanting surface, bevel.
Cant2	oblique push or jerk.
Cant2	tilted position.
Cant2	Push or pitch out of level; tilt.
Can't	Can not.
Cantab	Of cambridge university.
Cantabile	In smooth flowing style.
Cantabile	Cantabile passage or movement.
Cantabrigian	Of cambridge or its university.
Cantabrigian	Person from cambridge or its university.
Cantaloup	small round ribbed melon.
Cantankerous	Bad-tempered, quarrelsome.
Cantankerous	Cantankerousness
Cantata	Composition with vocal solos and usu. Choral and orchestral accompaniment.
Canteen	a restaurant for employees in an office, factory, etc.
Canteen	shop for provisions in a barracks or camp.
Canteen	case of cutlery.
Canteen	soldier's or camper's water-flask.
Canter	Horse's pace between a trot and a gallop.
Canter	Go or make go at a canter.
Canticle	Song or chant with a biblical text.
Cantilever	bracket or beam etc. Projecting from a wall to support a balcony etc.
Cantilever	beam or girder fixed at one end only.
Cantilever bridge	Bridge made of cantilevers projecting from piers and connected by girders.
Canto	division of a long poem.
Canton	Subdivision of a country, esp. Of switzerland.
Canton	Put
Canton	into quarters.
Cantonment	lodging assigned to troops.
Cantonment	hist. Permanent military station in india.
Cantor	church choir leader.
Cantor	precentor in a synagogue.
Canvas	strong
Canvas	cloth used for sails and tents etc. And for oil-painting.
Canvas	a painting on canvas, esp. In oils.
Canvas	cover with canvas.
Canvas	in tents.
Canvas	with sails spread.
Canvass	solicit votes, esp. From a constituency electorate.
Canvass	a ascertain the opinions of.
Canvass	seek custom from.
Canvass	propose
Canvass	Canvassing, esp. Of electors.
Canyon	deep gorge.
Cap	Common agricultural policy
Cap	Common agricultural policy
Cap	a soft brimless hat, usu. With a peak.
Cap	head-covering worn in a particular profession.
Cap	cap as a sign of membership of a sports team.
Cap	mortarboard.
Cap	a cover like a cap
Cap	top for a bottle, jar, pen, camera lens, etc.
Cap	dental crown.
Cap	a put a cap on.
Cap	cover the top or end of.
Cap	set a limit to
Cap	award a sports cap to.
Cap	form the top of.
Cap	surpass, excel.
Capability	ability, power.
Capability	undeveloped or unused faculty.
Capable	competent, able, gifted.
Capable	a having the ability, fitness, etc. For.
Capable	admitting of
Capacious	Roomy.
Capacitance	ability to store electric charge.
Capacitance	ratio of change in the electric charge in a system to the corresponding change in its potential.
Capacitor	Device able to store electric charge.
Capacity	a power to contain, receive, experience, or produce
Capacity	maximum amount that can be contained or produced etc.
Capacity	Fully occupying the available space etc.
Capacity	mental power.
Capacity	position or function.
Capacity	legal competence.
Cape1	sleeveless cloak.
Cape1	this worn over or as part of a longer cloak or coat.
Cape2	headland, promontory.
Cape2	the cape of good hope.
Caper1	Jump or run playfully.
Caper1	playful leap.
Caper1	a prank. B
Caper1	illicit activity.
Caper2	bramble-like shrub.
Caper2	(in
Caper2	) Its pickled buds used esp. In a sauce.
Capercaillie	large european grouse.
Capillarity	The rise or depression of a liquid in a narrow tube.
Capillary	of or like a hair, esp.
Capillary	of very small diameter.
Capillary	of the branching blood-vessels connecting arteries and veins.
Capillary	capillary tube.
Capillary	capillary blood vessel.
Capital	chief town or city of a country or region.
Capital	a money etc. With which a company starts in business.
Capital	accumulated wealth.
Capital	capitalists collectively.
Capital	capital letter.
Capital	head of a column or pillar.
Capital	a principal, most important. B
Capital	Excellent.
Capital	a involving punishment by death.
Capital	Vitally harmful, fatal.
Capital	large in size, used to begin sentences and names etc.
Capital gain	Profit from the sale of investments or property.
Capital goods	pl. Machinery, plant, etc.
Capitalism	Economic and political system dependent on private capital and profit-making.
Capitalist	person investing or possessing capital.
Capitalist	advocate of capitalism.
Capitalist	Of or favouring capitalism.
Capitalize	use to one's advantage.
Capitalize	convert into or provide with capital.
Capitalize	a write
Capitalize	as a capital.
Capitalize	begin
Capitalize	with a capital letter.
Capital levy	Tax on wealth or property.
Capital sum	Lump sum, esp. Payable to an insured person.
Capital transfer tax	Hist. Tax levied on the transfer of capital by gift or bequest etc.
Capital transfer tax	Hist. Tax levied on the transfer of capital by gift or bequest etc.
Capitation	Tax or fee paid per person.
Capitular	Of a cathedral chapter.
Capitulate	surrender.
Capo	device fitted across the strings of a guitar etc. To raise their pitch equally.
Capon	Castrated cock fattened for eating.
Cappuccino	frothy milky coffee.
Caprice	a whim.
Caprice	tendency to this.
Caprice	lively or fanciful work of art, music, etc.
Capricious	Subject to whims; unpredictable.
Capricious	Capriciousness
Capricorn	constellation and tenth sign of the zodiac
Capricorn	person born when the sun is in this sign.
Capriole	Leap, caper, esp. Of a trained horse.
Capriole	perform this.
Capsicum	plant with edible fruits, esp. Any of several varieties of pepper.
Capsicum	red, green, or yellow fruit of these.
Capsize	Be overturned; overturn.
Capstan	thick revolving cylinder for winding a cable etc.
Capstan	revolving spindle carrying the spool on a tape recorder.
Capstan lathe	Lathe with a revolving tool-holder.
Capsule	small edible soluble case enclosing medicine.
Capsule	detachable compartment of a spacecraft or nose of a rocket.
Capsule	enclosing membrane in the body.
Capsule	dry fruit that releases its seeds when ripe.
Capsule	Concise; condensed.
Capsulize	put
Capsulize	In compact form.
Capt.	Captain.
Captain	a chief, leader.
Captain	leader of a team.
Captain	a commander of a ship.
Captain	pilot of a civil aircraft.
Captain	army officer next above lieutenant.
Captain	Be captain of; lead.
Caption	wording appended to an illustration, cartoon, etc.
Caption	wording on a cinema or television screen.
Caption	heading of a chapter, article, etc.
Caption	Provide with a caption.
Captious	Fault-finding.
Captivate	fascinate; charm.
Captive	Confined or imprisoned person or animal.
Captive	taken prisoner; restrained.
Captive	unable to escape
Captor	Person who captures.
Capture	a take prisoner; seize.
Capture	obtain by force or trickery.
Capture	portray; record on film etc.
Capture	absorb
Capture	record
Capture	for use in a computer.
Capture	act of capturing.
Capture	thing or person captured.
Capuchin	franciscan friar.
Capuchin	a monkey with cowl-like head hair.
Capuchin	pigeon with a cowl-like head and neck.
Capybara	Large semi-aquatic s. American rodent.
Car	motor vehicle for a driver and small number of passengers.
Car	(in
Car	) Road vehicle or railway carriage esp. Of a specified kind
Car	us any railway carriage or van.
Car	passenger compartment of a lift, balloon, etc.
Carafe	Glass container for water or wine.
Caramel	a burnt sugar or syrup as a flavouring or colouring.
Caramel	a kind of soft toffee.
Caramel	light-brown colour.
Carapace	Upper shell of a tortoise or crustacean.
Carat	unit of weight for precious stones
Carat	measure of purity of gold (pure gold =
Carat	4 carats).
Caravan	vehicle equipped for living in and usu. Towed by a car.
Caravan	people travelling together, esp. Across a desert.
Caravan	travel or live in a caravan.
Caravanserai	Eastern inn with a central court.
Caravel	hist. Small light fast ship.
Caraway	Plant with tiny white flowers.
Caraway seed	Fruit of the caraway as flavouring and a source of oil.
Carb	Carburettor.
Carbide	binary compound of carbon.
Carbine	Short rifle orig. For cavalry use.
Carbohydrate	Energy-producing organic compound of carbon, hydrogen, and oxygen
Carbolic	phenol.
Carbolic soap	Soap containing carbolic.
Car bomb	Terrorist bomb placed in or under a parked car.
Carbon	non-metallic element occurring naturally as diamond, graphite, and charcoal, and in all organic compounds.
Carbon	rod of carbon in an arc lamp.
Carbon-14	Radioisotope of mass
Carbon-14	4, used in carbon dating.
Carbon-12	Stable isotope of carbon, used as a standard.
Carbonaceous	consisting of or containing carbon.
Carbonaceous	of or like coal or charcoal.
Carbonate	Chem. Salt of carbonic acid.
Carbonate	fill with carbon dioxide.
Carbon copy	copy made with carbon paper.
Carbon copy	exact copy.
Carbon dating	Determination of the age of an organic object from the ratio of isotopes, which changes as carbon-14 decays.
Carbon dioxide	Gas occurring naturally in the atmosphere and formed by respiration.
Carbon fibre	Thin strong crystalline filament of carbon used as a strengthening material.
Carbonic	Containing carbon.
Carbonic acid	Weak acid formed from carbon dioxide in water.
Carboniferous	producing coal.
Carboniferous	of the fifth period in the palaeozoic era, with extensive formation of coal.
Carboniferous	this period.
Carbonize	convert into carbon.
Carbonize	reduce to charcoal or coke.
Carbonize	coat with carbon.
Carbon monoxide	Toxic gas formed by the incomplete burning of carbon.
Carbon paper	Thin carbon-coated paper used for making copies.
Carbon tetrachloride	Colourless liquid used as a solvent.
Car-boot sale	Sale of goods from
Car-boot sale	the boots of cars.
Carborundum	Compound of carbon and silicon used esp. As an abrasive.
Carboy	Large globular glass bottle usu. In a frame.
Carbuncle	severe skin abscess.
Carbuncle	bright-red gem.
Carburettor	apparatus in an internal-combustion engine for mixing petrol and air to make an explosive mixture.
Carcass	dead body of an animal, esp. As meat.
Carcass	bones of a cooked bird.
Carcass	Human body; corpse.
Carcass	framework.
Carcass	worthless remains.
Carcinogen	Substance producing cancer.
Carcinoma	cancerous tumour.
Card1	thick stiff paper or thin pasteboard.
Card1	a piece of this for writing or printing on, esp. To send greetings, to identify a person, or to record information.
Card1	small rectangular piece of plastic used for identity etc.
Card1	) Card-playing.
Card1	(in
Card1	Tax and national insurance documents etc., held by an employer.
Card1	programme of events at a race-meeting etc.
Card2	Wire brush etc. For raising a nap on cloth etc.
Card2	Brush or comb with a card.
Cardamom	Seeds of an aromatic se asian plant used as a spice.
Cardboard	Pasteboard or stiff paper, esp. For making boxes.
Cardboard city	Area where homeless people make shelters from cardboard boxes etc.
Card-carrying	Registered as a member
Card-game	Game using playing-cards.
Cardiac	Of the heart.
Cardigan	Knitted jacket.
Cardinal	chief, fundamental.
Cardinal	deep scarlet.
Cardinal	leading roman catholic dignitary, one of the college electing the pope.
Cardinal	small scarlet american songbird.
Cardinal number	Number denoting quantity (1,
Cardinal number	, etc.), as opposed to an ordinal number.
Cardinal points	pl. Four main points of the compass
Cardinal virtues	pl. Justice, prudence, temperance, and fortitude.
Card index	Index with a card for each entry.
Cardiogram	Record of heart movements.
Cardiograph	Instrument recording heart movements.
Cardiograph	Cardiography
Cardiology	Branch of medicine concerned with the heart.
Cardiovascular	Of the heart and blood-vessels.
Cardoon	Thistle-like plant with leaves used as a vegetable.
Cardphone	Public telephone operated by a machine-readable card instead of money.
Card-sharp	swindler at card-games.
Card-table	table for card-playing.
Care	worry, anxiety.
Care	cause of this.
Care	serious attention; caution.
Care	a protection, looking after, charge.
Care	thing to be done or seen to.
Care	feel concern or interest.
Care	like, be fond of
Care	Wish or be willing
Care	be careful.
Care	Not fail or neglect. Take care of
Care	look after.
Care	deal with, dispose of.
Careen	turn
Careen	on one side for repair etc.
Careen	tilt, lean over.
Careen	swerve about.
Career	one's professional etc. Progress through life.
Career	profession or occupation, esp. As offering advancement.
Career	pursuing or wishing to pursue a career
Career	working permanently in a specified profession
Career	swift course
Career	move or swerve about wildly.
Career	go swiftly.
Careerist	Person predominantly concerned with personal advancement.
Carefree	Light-hearted; joyous.
Careful	painstaking, thorough.
Careful	cautious.
Careful	taking care; not neglecting
Careful	Carefulness
Careless	lacking care or attention.
Careless	unthinking, insensitive.
Careless	light-hearted.
Careless	not concerned about.
Careless	Carelessness
Carer	Person who cares for a sick or elderly person, esp.
Carer	relative at home.
Caress	Touch or stroke gently or lovingly.
Caress	Loving or gentle touch.
Caret	Mark
Caret	indicating a proposed insertion in printing or writing.
Caretaker	person employed to look after a house, building, etc.
Caretaker	Exercising temporary authority
Careworn	Showing the effects of prolonged worry.
Cargo	goods carried on a ship or aircraft.
Carib	aboriginal inhabitant of the southern w. Indies or adjacent coasts.
Carib	their language.
Carib	Of the caribs.
Caribbean	Of the caribs or the w. Indies generally.
Caribou	American reindeer.
Caricature	grotesque usu. Comically exaggerated representation esp. Of a person.
Caricature	ridiculously poor imitation or version.
Caricature	make or give a caricature of.
Caries	decay of a tooth or bone.
Carillon	set of bells sounded either from a keyboard or mechanically.
Carillon	tune played on bells.
Caring	kind, humane.
Caring	Concerned with looking after people
Carioca	brazilian dance like the samba.
Carioca	music for this.
Carmelite	friar of the order of our lady of carmel.
Carmelite	nun of a similar order.
Carmelite	Of the carmelites.
Carminative	Relieving flatulence.
Carminative	Carminative drug.
Carmine	Of vivid crimson colour.
Carmine	this colour.
Carmine	carmine pigment made from cochineal.
Carnage	Great slaughter, esp. In battle.
Carnal	of the body or flesh; worldly.
Carnal	sensual, sexual.
Carnation	clove-scented pink.
Carnation	rosy-pink colour.
Carnation	Rosy-pink.
Carnet	Permit to drive across a frontier, use a camp-site, etc.
Carnival	a annual festivities including a parade through the streets in fancy dress.
Carnival	festival preceding lent.
Carnival	merrymaking.
Carnival	us funfair or circus.
Carnivore	Carnivorous animal or plant, esp.
Carnivore	mammal of the order including cats, dogs, and bears.
Carnivorous	feeding on flesh.
Carob	Seed pod of a mediterranean tree used as a chocolate substitute.
Carol	Joyous song, esp.
Carol	christmas hymn.
Carol	sing carols.
Carol	sing joyfully.
Carolingian	Of the frankish dynasty founded by charlemagne.
Carolingian	Member of this dynasty.
Carotene	Orange-coloured pigment found in carrots, tomatoes, etc., acting as a source of vitamin a.
Carotid	Each of the two main arteries carrying blood to the head and neck.
Carotid	Of these arteries.
Carouse	have a lively drinking-party.
Carouse	Such a party.
Carouse	Carouser
Carousel	us merry-go-round.
Carousel	rotating luggage delivery system at an airport etc.
Carp1	freshwater fish often bred for food.
Carp2	Find fault; complain pettily.
Carp2	Find fault; complain pettily.
Carpal	Of the bones in the wrist.
Carpal	Wrist-bone.
Car park	Area for parking cars.
Carpel	Female reproductive organ of a flower.
Carpenter	Person skilled in woodwork.
Carpenter	make or construct in wood.
Carpenter	construct; fit together.
Carpet	a thick fabric for covering floor or stairs.
Carpet	piece of this.
Carpet	thing resembling this etc.
Carpet	cover with or as with carpet.
Carpet	Reprimand.
Carpet	being reprimanded.
Carpet	under consideration. Sweep under the carpet conceal
Carpet-bag	Travelling-bag, orig. Made of carpet-like material.
Carpet-bagger	esp. Us political candidate etc. Without local connections.
Carpet-bagger	unscrupulous opportunist.
Carpeting	material for carpets.
Carpeting	carpets collectively.
Carpet slipper	Soft slipper.
Carpet-sweeper	Household implement for sweeping carpets.
Car phone	Radio-telephone for use in a car etc.
Carport	Roofed open-sided shelter for a car.
Carpus	small bones forming the wrist in humans and similar parts in other mammals.
Carrageen	edible red seaweed.
Carrel	Small cubicle for a reader in a library.
Carriage	railway passenger vehicle.
Carriage	wheeled horse-drawn passenger vehicle.
Carriage	a conveying of goods.
Carriage	cost of this.
Carriage	carrying part of a machine (e.g.
Carriage	typewriter).
Carriage	gun-carriage.
Carriage	bearing, deportment.
Carriage clock	Portable clock with a handle.
Carriageway	The part of a road intended for vehicles.
Carrier	person or thing that carries.
Carrier	transport or freight company.
Carrier	framework on a bicycle for luggage or a passenger.
Carrier	person or animal that may transmit disease etc. Without suffering from it.
Carrier bag	Plastic or paper bag with handles.
Carrier pigeon	Pigeon trained to carry messages.
Carrier wave	High-frequency electromagnetic wave modulated in amplitude or frequency to convey a signal.
Carrion	dead putrefying flesh.
Carrion	something vile or filthy.
Carrion crow	Crow feeding on carrion.
Carrot	a plant with a tapering orange-coloured root.
Carrot	this as a vegetable.
Carrot	incentive.
Carry	support or hold up, esp. While moving.
Carry	convey with one or have on one's person.
Carry	conduct or transmit
Carry	take
Carry	To a specified point; continue; prolong
Carry	involve, imply (carries
Carry	% interest).
Carry	math. Transfer
Carry	to a column of higher value.
Carry	hold in a specified way
Carry	Publish.
Carry	broadcast.
Carry	keep a regular stock of.
Carry	0 a
Carry	be audible at a distance.
Carry	Travel or propel to a specified distance.
Carry	1 a win victory or acceptance for
Carry	win acceptance from
Carry	win, capture
Carry	2 a endure the weight of; support.
Carry	be the driving force in
Carry	3 be pregnant with.
Carry	act of carrying.
Carry	golf distance a ball travels before reaching the ground.
Carry	remove.
Carry	inspire.
Carry	deprive of self-control
Carry	. Carry the can
Carry	Bear the responsibility or blame. Carry the day be victorious or successful. Carry forward transfer to a new page or account. Carry it off do well under difficulties. Carry off
Carry	take away, esp. By force.
Carry	win
Carry	(esp.
Carry-out	Esp. Scot.
Carsick	Nauseous from car travel.
Cart	open usu. Horse-drawn vehicle for carrying loads.
Cart	light vehicle for pulling by hand.
Cart	convey in a cart.
Cart	carry or convey with effort.
Carte blanche	Full discretionary power.
Cartel	Union of suppliers etc. To control prices.
Cartesian	Of descartes or his philosophy.
Cartesian	Follower of descartes.
Cartesian coordinates	pl. System for locating a point by reference to its distance from axes intersecting at right angles.
Cart-horse	Thickset horse.
Carthusian	Monk of a contemplative order founded by st bruno.
Carthusian	Of this order.
Cartilage	Firm flexible connective tissue, mainly replaced by bone in adulthood.
Cartography	Map-drawing.
Cartography	Cartographic
Carton	Light esp. Cardboard box or container.
Cartoon	humorous, esp. Topical, drawing in a newspaper etc.
Cartoon	sequence of drawings telling a story.
Cartoon	animated sequence of these on film.
Cartoon	full-size preliminary design for a tapestry etc.
Cartouche	scroll-like ornamentation.
Cartouche	oval ring enclosing the name and title of a pharaoh.
Cartridge	case containing an explosive charge or bullet for firearms or blasting.
Cartridge	sealed container of film etc.
Cartridge	component carrying the stylus on a record-player.
Cartridge	ink-container for insertion in a pen.
Cartridge-belt	Belt with pockets or loops for cartridges.
Cartridge paper	Thick paper for drawing etc.
Cartwheel	wheel of a cart.
Cartwheel	circular sideways handspring with arms and legs extended.
Cart-wright	Maker of carts.
Carve	produce or shape by cutting.
Carve	a cut patterns etc. In.
Carve	form a pattern etc. From
Carve	Cut
Carve	Into slices.
Carve	take from a larger whole.
Carve	establish
Carve	Purposefully. Carve up
Carve	subdivide.
Carve	drive aggressively into the path of
Carvel-built	made with planks flush, not overlapping.
Carver	person who carves.
Carver	carving knife.
Carver	chair with arms, for a person carving.
Carvery	buffet or restaurant with joints displayed for carving.
Carve-up	sharing-out, esp. Of spoils.
Carving	Carved object, esp. As a work of art.
Carving knife	Knife for carving meat.
Casanova	Notorious womanizer.
Cascade	small waterfall, esp. One of series.
Cascade	thing falling or arranged like a cascade.
Cascade	fall in or like a cascade.
Cascara	Bark of a californian buckthorn, used as a laxative.
Case1	instance of something occurring.
Case1	hypothetical or actual situation.
Case1	a person's illness, circumstances, etc., as regarded by a doctor, social worker, etc.
Case1	such a person.
Case1	matter under esp. Police investigation.
Case1	suit at law.
Case1	a sum of the arguments on one side, esp. In a lawsuit.
Case1	set of arguments
Case1	valid set of arguments
Case1	relation of a word to other words in a sentence.
Case1	form of a noun, adjective, or pronoun expressing this.
Case1	Comical person.
Case1	in the event that; if.
Case1	lest; in provision against a possibility
Case1	. In case of in the event of. Is
Case1	the case is
Case1	so.
Case2	container or enclosing covering.
Case2	this with its contents.
Case2	protective outer covering.
Case2	item of luggage, esp.
Case2	suitcase.
Case2	enclose in a case.
Case2	surround.
Case2	reconnoitre
Case2	Before burgling it.
Case-harden	harden the surface of
Case-harden	make callous.
Case history	Record of a person's life or medical history for use in professional treatment.
Casein	The main protein in milk and cheese.
Case-law	Law as established by the outcome of former cases.
Casemate	embrasured room in a fortress wall.
Casemate	armoured enclosure for guns on a warship.
Casement	Window or part of a window hinged to open like a door.
Casework	Social work concerned with studying a person's family and background.
Cash	money in coins or notes.
Cash	full payment at the time of purchase.
Cash	Wealth.
Cash	Give or obtain cash for
Cash	obtain cash for.
Cash	profit
Cash	; take advantage
Cash	. Cash up count and check the day's takings.
Cash and carry	system
Cash and carry	of cash payment for goods taken away by the purchaser.
Cash and carry	store where this operates.
Cash-book	Book for recording receipts and cash payments.
Cashcard	Plastic card for withdrawing money from a cash dispenser.
Cash crop	Crop produced for sale.
Cash desk	Counter etc. Where payment is made in a shop.
Cash dispenser	Automatic machine for the withdrawal of cash, esp. With a cashcard.
Cashew	evergreen tree bearing kidney-shaped nuts.
Cashew	this edible nut.
Cash flow	Movement of money into and out of a business.
Cashier1	Person dealing with cash transactions in a shop, bank, etc.
Cashier2	Dismiss from service, esp. With disgrace.
Cashmere	fine soft wool, esp. That of a kashmir goat.
Cashmere	material made from this.
Cash on delivery	Payment for goods when they are delivered.
Cash register	Till recording sales, totalling receipts, etc.
Casing	Protective or enclosing cover or material.
Casino	public room or building for gambling.
Cask	barrel, esp. For alcohol.
Cask	its contents.
Casket	small often ornamental box for jewels etc.
Casket	us coffin.
Cassata	Ice-cream containing fruit and nuts.
Cassava	plant with starchy roots.
Cassava	starch or flour from these, used e.g. In tapioca.
Casserole	covered dish for cooking food in the oven.
Casserole	food cooked in this.
Casserole	cook in a casserole.
Cassette	Sealed case containing magnetic tape, film etc., ready for insertion in a tape recorder, camera, etc.
Cassia	tree from the leaves of which senna is extracted.
Cassia	cinnamon-like bark of this used as a spice.
Cassis	Blackcurrant flavouring for drinks etc.
Cassock	Long usu. Black or red clerical garment.
Cassoulet	Ragout of meat and beans.
Cassowary	large flightless australasian bird.
Cast	(past and
Cast	Cast)
Cast	throw, esp. Deliberately or forcefully.
Cast	a direct or cause
Cast	To fall.
Cast	express
Cast	throw out
Cast	Into the water.
Cast	let down
Cast	a throw off, get rid of.
Cast	shed or lose
Cast	register
Cast	a shape
Cast	In a mould.
Cast	make thus.
Cast	assign
Cast	to a role.
Cast	allocate roles in
Cast	arrange
Cast	In a specified form.
Cast	0 reckon, add up
Cast	1 calculate
Cast	throwing of a missile, dice, line, net, etc.
Cast	a object made in a mould.
Cast	moulded mass of solidified material, esp. Plaster for a broken limb.
Cast	actors in a play etc.
Cast	form, type, or quality.
Cast	tinge or shade of colour.
Cast	slight squint.
Cast	worm-cast.
Cast	abandon.
Cast	finish a piece of knitting.
Cast	set a ship free from a quay etc. Cast on make the first row of a piece of knitting. Cast up
Cast	deposit on the shore.
Cast	add up
Castanet	(usu. In
Castanet	) Each of a pair of hand-held pieces of wood etc., clicked together as an accompaniment, esp. By spanish dancers.
Castaway	Shipwrecked person.
Castaway	Shipwrecked.
Caste	any of the hindu hereditary classes whose members have no social contact with other classes.
Caste	exclusive social class or system of classes.
Casteism	Caste system.
Castellated	having battlements.
Castellated	castle-like.
Castigate	rebuke or punish severely.
Castigate	Castigator
Casting	Cast, esp. Of molten metal.
Casting vote	Deciding vote when the votes on two sides are equal.
Cast iron	Hard alloy of iron, carbon, and silicon cast in a mould.
Cast-iron	of cast iron.
Cast-iron	very strong; rigid; unchallengeable.
Castle	large fortified building with towers and battlements.
Castle	chess
Castle	chess move a rook next to the king and the king to the other side of the rook.
Cast-off	Abandoned, discarded.
Cast-off	Cast-off thing, esp.
Cast-off	garment.
Castor	small swivelled wheel on the leg or underside of a piece of furniture.
Castor	small perforated container for sprinkling sugar, flour, etc.
Castor oil	Oil from the seeds of a tropical plant, used as a purgative and lubricant.
Castor sugar	Finely granulated white sugar.
Castrate	remove the testicles of; geld.
Castrate	deprive of vigour.
Castrato	hist. Castrated male soprano or alto singer.
Casual	accidental; chance.
Casual	not regular or permanent
Casual	a unconcerned.
Casual	careless; unthinking.
Casual	informal.
Casual	casual worker.
Casual	(usu. In
Casual	) Casual clothes or shoes.
Casual	Casualness
Casualty	person killed or injured in a war or accident.
Casualty	thing lost or destroyed.
Casualty	accident, mishap.
Casualty department	Part of a hospital where casualties are dealt with.
Casuist	person who uses clever but false reasoning in matters of conscience etc.
Casuist	sophist, quibbler.
Casuist	Casuistry
Cat	small soft-furred four-legged domesticated animal.
Cat	wild animal of the same family, e.g. Lion, tiger.
Cat	Malicious or spiteful woman.
Cat	Excellent person or thing. Let the cat out of the bag reveal a secret. Like a cat on hot bricks very agitated. Put
Cat	the cat among the pigeons cause trouble. Rain cats and dogs rain hard.
Cata- 	down.
Cata- 	wrongly.
Catabolism	Breakdown of complex molecules in living organisms to release energy; destructive metabolism.
Catachresis	incorrect use of words.
Cataclysm	a violent upheaval or disaster.
Cataclysm	great change.
Cataclysm	great flood.
Catacomb	(often in
Catacomb	) Underground cemetery, esp. Roman.
Catafalque	Decorated bier, used esp. In state funerals or for lying in state.
Catalan	Native or language of catalonia in spain.
Catalan	Of catalonia.
Catalepsy	Trance or seizure with unconsciousness and rigidity of the body.
Catalog	complete alphabetical or otherwise ordered list of items, often with a description of each.
Catalog	extensive list
Catalog	make a catalog of.
Catalog	enter in a catalog.
Catalogue	complete alphabetical or otherwise ordered list of items, often with a description of each.
Catalogue	extensive list
Catalogue	make a catalogue of.
Catalogue	enter in a catalogue.
Catalpa	Tree with long pods and showy flowers.
Catalyse	produce
Catalyse	by catalysis.
Catalysis	acceleration of a chemical reaction by a catalyst.
Catalyst	substance that does not itself change, but speeds up a chemical reaction.
Catalyst	person or thing that precipitates change.
Catalytic	Of or involving catalysis.
Catalytic converter	Device incorporated in a vehicle's exhaust system, with a catalyst for converting pollutant gases into harmless products.
Catalyze	produce
Catalyze	by catalysis.
Catamaran	boat with parallel twin hulls.
Catamaran	raft of yoked logs or boats.
Catamite	Passive partner (esp.
Catamite	boy) in homosexual practices.
Cat-and-dog	Quarrelsome.
Catapult	forked stick etc. With elastic for shooting stones.
Catapult	mil hist. Machine for hurling large stones etc.
Catapult	device for launching a glider etc.
Catapult	a hurl from or launch with a catapult.
Catapult	fling forcibly.
Catapult	leap or be hurled forcibly.
Cataract	a large waterfall.
Cataract	downpour; rush of water.
Cataract	eye condition in which the lens becomes progressively opaque.
Catarrh	inflammation of the mucous membrane of the nose, air-passages, etc.
Catarrh	mucus caused by this.
Catastrophe	great and usu. Sudden disaster.
Catastrophe	denouement of a drama.
Catastrophe	Catastrophically
Catatonia	schizophrenia with intervals of catalepsy and sometimes violence.
Catatonia	catalepsy.
Cat burglar	Burglar who enters by climbing to an upper storey.
Catcall	Shrill whistle of disapproval.
Catcall	Make a catcall.
Catch	(past and
Catch	Caught)
Catch	capture in a trap, one's hands, etc.
Catch	detect or surprise (esp.
Catch	guilty person).
Catch	a intercept and hold
Catch	in the hands etc.
Catch	cricket dismiss
Catch	by catching the ball before it reaches the ground.
Catch	a contract
Catch	from an infected person.
Catch	acquire
Catch	From another.
Catch	a reach in time and board
Catch	be in time to see etc.
Catch	apprehend with the senses or mind (esp.
Catch	thing occurring quickly or briefly).
Catch	Reproduce faithfully.
Catch	become fixed, entangled, or checked.
Catch	hit, deal a blow to
Catch	draw the attention of; captivate
Catch	0 begin to burn.
Catch	1 reach or overtake
Catch	try to grasp.
Catch	a act of catching.
Catch	cricket etc. Chance or act of catching the ball.
Catch	a amount of a thing caught, esp. Of fish.
Catch	thing or person caught or worth catching, esp. In marriage.
Catch	a question, trick, etc., intended to deceive, incriminate, etc.
Catch	unexpected or hidden difficulty or disadvantage.
Catch	device for fastening a door or window etc.
Catch	Round, esp. With words arranged to produce a humorous effect.
Catch	be punished. Catch on
Catch	become popular.
Catch	understand what is meant. Catch out
Catch	detect in a mistake etc.
Catch	take unawares.
Catch	= sense
Catch	b of
Catch	Catch up
Catch	reach a person etc. Ahead
Catch	make up arrears.
Catch	pick up hurriedly.
Catch	a involve; entangle
Catch	fasten up
Catch-all	(often
Catch-all	) Thing designed to be all-inclusive.
Catch-as-catch-can	Wrestling with few holds barred.
Catching	Infectious.
Catchline	Short line of type, esp. At the head of copy or as a running headline.
Catchment	Collection of rainfall.
Catchment area	area served by a school, hospital, etc.
Catchment area	area from which rainfall flows into a river etc.
Catchpenny	Intended merely to sell quickly; superficially attractive.
Catch-phrase	Phrase in frequent use.
Catch-22	(often
Catch-22	Unresolvable situation containing conflicting or mutually dependent conditions.
Catchweight	Unrestricted as regards weight.
Catchweight	Unrestricted weight category in sports.
Catchword	phrase, word, or slogan in frequent current use.
Catchword	word so placed as to draw attention.
Catchy	easy to remember, attractive.
Catechism	a principles of a religion in the form of questions and answers.
Catechism	book containing this.
Catechism	series of questions.
Catechist	Religious teacher, esp. One using a catechism.
Catechize	instruct by using a catechism.
Catechumen	Christian convert under instruction before baptism.
Categorical	Unconditional, absolute; explicit.
Categorize	place in a category.
Category	class or division
Cater	supply food.
Cater	provide what is needed or desired
Cater	pander to
Caterer	Professional supplier of food for social events.
Caterpillar	larva of a butterfly or moth.
Caterpillar	propr. Steel band passing round the wheels of a tractor etc. For travel on rough ground.
Caterpillar	vehicle with these.
Caterwaul	Make the shrill howl of a cat.
Caterwaul	This noise.
Catfish	freshwater fish with whisker-like barbels round the mouth.
Cat flap	small swinging flap in an outer door, for a cat to pass in and out.
Catgut	Material used for the strings of musical instruments and surgical sutures, made of intestines of the sheep, horse, etc.
Catharsis	emotional release in drama or art.
Catharsis	psychol. Freeing and elimination of repressed emotion.
Catharsis	emptying of the bowels.
Cathartic	effecting catharsis.
Cathartic	laxative.
Cathartic	Laxative.
Cathedral	Principal church of a diocese.
Catherine wheel	Flat coiled firework spinning when lit.
Catheter	Tube inserted into a body cavity for introducing or removing fluid.
Cathode	Electr.
Cathode	negative electrode in an electrolytic cell.
Cathode	positive terminal of a battery etc.
Cathode ray	Beam of electrons from the cathode of a vacuum tube.
Cathode-ray tube	Vacuum tube in which cathode rays produce a luminous image on a fluorescent screen.
Catholic	all-embracing; of wide sympathies or interests.
Catholic	of interest or use to all; universal.
Catholic	a roman catholic.
Catholic	including all christians, or all of the western church.
Catholic	roman catholic.
Catholic	Catholicity
Cation	Positively charged ion.
Catkin	Small spike of usu. Hanging flowers on a willow, hazel, etc.
Catlick	Perfunctory wash.
Catmint	Pungent plant attractive to cats.
Catnap	Short sleep.
Catnap	have a catnap.
Cat-o'-nine-tails	Hist. Whip with nine knotted lashes.
Cat's cradle	Child's game of forming patterns from a loop of string.
Cat's-eye	Propr. Reflector stud set into a road.
Cat's-eye	Precious stone.
Cat's-paw	person used as a tool by another.
Cat's-paw	slight breeze.
Catsuit	Close-fitting garment with trouser legs, covering the whole body.
Cattery	place where cats are boarded or bred.
Cattle	pl. Large ruminant animals with horns and cloven hoofs, esp. Bred for milk or meat.
Cattle-grid	Grid over a ditch, allowing people and vehicles but not livestock to pass over.
Catty	spiteful.
Catty	Cattiness
Catwalk	Narrow footway or platform.
Caucasian	of the white or light-skinned race.
Caucasian	of the caucasus.
Caucasian	Caucasian person.
Caucasoid	Of caucasians.
Caucus	us meeting of party members, esp. In the senate etc., to decide policy.
Caucus	often derog.
Caucus	meeting of a group within a larger organization or party.
Caucus	such a group.
Caudal	of or like a tail.
Caudal	of the posterior part of the body.
Caudate	Tailed.
Caul	membrane enclosing a foetus.
Caul	part of this occasionally found on a child's head at birth.
Cauldron	large deep vessel used for boiling.
Cauliflower	Cabbage with a large white flower-head.
Cauliflower ear	Ear thickened by repeated blows.
Caulk	stop up
Caulk	make (esp.
Caulk	boat) watertight.
Causal	of or forming a cause.
Causal	relating to cause and effect.
Causality	relation of cause and effect.
Causality	principle that everything has a cause.
Causation	act of causing.
Causative	Acting as or expressing a cause.
Cause	a thing that produces an effect.
Cause	person or thing that occasions or produces something.
Cause	reason or motive.
Cause	adequate reason
Cause	principle, belief, or purpose.
Cause	a matter to be settled at law.
Cause	case offered at law
Cause	be the cause of, produce, make happen.
Cause célèbre	lawsuit that attracts much interest.
Causerie	informal article or talk.
Causeway	raised road across low ground or water.
Causeway	raised path by a road.
Caustic	corrosive; burning.
Caustic	sarcastic, biting.
Caustic	Caustic substance.
Caustic	Causticity
Caustic soda	Sodium hydroxide.
Cauterize	burn
Cauterize	, esp. To stop bleeding.
Caution	attention to safety; prudence, carefulness.
Caution	a law warning, esp.
Caution	formal one.
Caution	warning and reprimand.
Caution	Amusing or surprising person or thing.
Caution	warn or admonish.
Caution	issue a caution to.
Cautionary	Giving or serving as a warning.
Cautious	Having or showing caution.
Cautious	Cautiousness
Cavalcade	Procession or assembly of riders, vehicles, etc.
Cavalier	hist.
Cavalier	supporter of charles i in the civil war.
Cavalier	courtly gentleman.
Cavalier	horseman.
Cavalier	Offhand, supercilious, curt.
Cavalry	(usu. Treated as
Cavalry	) Soldiers on horseback or in armoured vehicles.
Cave	Large hollow in the side of a cliff, hill, etc., or underground.
Cave	explore caves.
Cave	subside or collapse.
Cave	yield, give up.
Caveat	warning, proviso.
Caveat	law process in court to suspend proceedings.
Caveat emptor	Principle that the buyer alone is responsible if dissatisfied.
Caveman	prehistoric person living in caves.
Caveman	crude person.
Cavern	Cave, esp.
Cavern	large or dark one.
Caviar	pickled roe of sturgeon or other large fish.
Caviare	pickled roe of sturgeon or other large fish.
Cavil	make petty objections; carp.
Cavil	Petty objection.
Cavity	hollow within a solid body.
Cavity	decayed part of a tooth.
Cavity wall	Double wall with a space between.
Cavort	Caper excitedly.
Cavy	small s. American rodent, esp. The guinea pig.
Caw	Harsh cry of a rook, crow, etc.
Caw	Utter this cry.
Cayenne	powdered red pepper.
Cayman	s. American alligator-like reptile.
Cb	citizens' band.
Cb	companion of the order of the bath.
Cbe	Commander of the order of the british empire.
Cbi	Confederation of british industry.
Cc	cubic centimetre
Cc	copy or copies
Cd	compact disc.
Cd	civil defence.
Cd	corps diplomatique.
Cd	Cadmium.
Cd	Candela.
Cd-rom	Compact disc read-only memory
Cdt	Craft, design, and technology.
Cd-video	system of simultaneously reproducing high-quality sound and video pictures from a compact disc.
Cd-video	such a compact disc.
Ce	Cerium.
Cease-fire	period of truce.
Cease-fire	order to stop firing.
Ceaseless	Without end.
Cecum	blind-ended pouch at the junction of the small and large intestines.
Cedar	spreading evergreen conifer.
Cedar	its hard fragrant wood.
Cede	formal give up one's rights to or possession of.
Cedilla	mark written under c, esp. In french, to show it is sibilant
Cedilla	similar mark under s in turkish etc.
Ceefax	Propr. Teletext service provided by the bbc.
Ceilidh	Informal gathering for music, dancing, etc.
Ceiling	upper interior surface of a room or other compartment.
Ceiling	upper limit.
Ceiling	maximum altitude a given aircraft can reach.
Celandine	Yellow-flowered plant.
Celebrant	Person who performs a rite, esp. The priest at the eucharist.
Celebrate	mark with or engage in festivities.
Celebrate	perform
Celebrate	praise publicly.
Celebrate	Celebrator
Celebrate	Celebratory
Celebrity	well-known person.
Celebrity	fame.
Celeriac	Variety of celery.
Celerity	or literary swiftness.
Celery	Plant with crisp long whitish leaf-stalks used as a vegetable.
Celesta	Small keyboard instrument with steel plates struck to give a bell-like sound.
Celestial	of the sky or heavenly bodies.
Celestial	heavenly; divinely good; sublime.
Celestial equator	The great circle of the sky in the plane perpendicular to the earth's axis.
Celestial sphere	Imaginary sphere, of any radius, of which the observer is the centre and in which celestial bodies are represented as lying.
Celibate	unmarried or committed to sexual abstention, esp. For religious reasons.
Celibate	having no sexual relations.
Celibate	Celibate person.
Cell	small room, esp. In a prison or monastery.
Cell	small compartment, e.g. In a honeycomb.
Cell	small, active, esp. Subversive, political group.
Cell	a smallest structural and functional unit of living matter, consisting of cytoplasm and a nucleus enclosed in a membrane.
Cell	enclosed cavity in an organism etc.
Cell	vessel containing electrodes for current-generation or electrolysis.
Cellar	storage room below ground level in a house.
Cellar	stock of wine in a cellar.
Cellar	Store in a cellar.
Cello	bass instrument of the violin family, held between the legs of the seated player.
Cellophane	Propr. Thin transparent viscose wrapping material.
Cellphone	Small portable radio-telephone.
Cellular	Consisting of cells, of open texture; porous.
Cellular radio	System of mobile radio-telephone transmission with an area divided into ‘cells’, each served by a small transmitter.
Cellulite	Lumpy fat, esp. On the hips and thighs of women.
Celluloid	plastic made from camphor and cellulose nitrate.
Celluloid	cinema film.
Cellulose	carbohydrate forming plant-cell walls, used in textile fibres.
Cellulose	paint or lacquer consisting of esp. Cellulose acetate or nitrate in solution.
Celsius	Of a scale of temperature on which water freezes at
Celsius	° and boils at
Celsius	00°.
Celt	member of an ethnic group, including the inhabitants of ireland, wales, scotland, cornwall, and brittany.
Celtic	Of the celts.
Celtic	Group of celtic languages, including gaelic and irish, welsh, cornish, and breton.
Cement	powdery substance of calcined lime and clay, mixed with water to form mortar or used in concrete.
Cement	similar substance.
Cement	uniting factor or principle.
Cement	substance used in filling teeth, doing hip replacements, etc.
Cement	a unite with or as with cement.
Cement	establish or strengthen
Cement	apply cement to.
Cement	line or cover with cement.
Cemetery	burial ground, esp. One not in a churchyard.
Cenobite	member of a monastica community.
Cenotaph	Tomblike monument to a person whose body is elsewhere.
Cenozoic	Of the most recent geological era, marked by the evolution and development of mammals etc.
Cenozoic	This era.
Censer	Vessel for burning incense.
Censor	Official authorized to suppress or expurgate books, films, news, etc., on grounds of obscenity, threat to security, etc.
Censor	act as a censor of.
Censor	make deletions or changes in.
Censor	Censorship
Censorious	Severely critical.
Censure	criticize harshly; reprove.
Censure	Hostile criticism; disapproval.
Census	official count of population etc.
Cent	a one-hundredth of a dollar or other decimal currency unit.
Cent	coin of this value.
Cent	Very small amount.
Centaur	Creature in greek mythology with the upper half of a man and the lower half of a horse.
Centenarian	Person a hundred or more years old.
Centenarian	hundred or more years old.
Centenary	hundredth anniversary.
Centenary	celebration of this.
Centenary	of a centenary.
Centenary	occurring every hundred years.
Centennial	lasting for a hundred years.
Centennial	occurring every hundred years.
Centennial	Us
Center	middle point.
Center	pivot or axis of rotation.
Center	a place or buildings forming a central point or a main area for an activity
Center	equipment for a number of connected functions
Center	point of concentration or dispersion; nucleus, source.
Center	political party or group holding moderate opinions.
Center	filling in chocolate etc.
Center	sport a middle player in a line in some field games.
Center	kick or hit from the side to the centre of a pitch.
Center	Of or at the centre.
Center	have as its main centre.
Center	place in the centre.
Center	Concentrate.
Centerboard	board lowered through a boat's keel to prevent leeway.
Centerfold	centre spread of a magazine etc., esp. With nude photographs.
Centesimal	Reckoning or reckoned by hundredths.
Centi-	Form
Centi-	one-hundredth.
Centi-	hundred.
Centigrade	having a scale of a hundred degrees.
Centigram	metric unit of mass, equal to
Centiliter	.01 litre.
Centilitre	.01 litre.
Centime	one-hundredth of a franc.
Centime	coin of this value.
Centimeter	.01 metre.
Centimetre	.01 metre.
Centipede	Arthropod with a segmented wormlike body and many legs.
Central	of, at, or forming the centre.
Central	from the centre.
Central	chief, essential, most important.
Central	Centrally
Central bank	National bank issuing currency etc.
Central heating	Method of heating a building by pipes, radiators, etc., fed from a central source.
Centralism	System that centralizes
Centralize	concentrate
Centralize	at a single centre.
Centralize	subject
Centralize	to this system.
Central nervous system	Brain and spinal cord.
Central processor	principal operating part of a computer.
Centre	middle point.
Centre	pivot or axis of rotation.
Centre	a place or buildings forming a central point or a main area for an activity
Centre	equipment for a number of connected functions
Centre	point of concentration or dispersion; nucleus, source.
Centre	political party or group holding moderate opinions.
Centre	filling in chocolate etc.
Centre	sport a middle player in a line in some field games.
Centre	kick or hit from the side to the centre of a pitch.
Centre	Of or at the centre.
Centre	have as its main centre.
Centre	place in the centre.
Centre	Concentrate.
Centre back	Sport middle player or position in a half-back line.
Centreboard	board lowered through a boat's keel to prevent leeway.
Centrefold	centre spread of a magazine etc., esp. With nude photographs.
Centre forward	Sport middle player or position in a forward line.
Centre of gravity	point at which the weight of a body may be considered to act.
Centre-piece	ornament for the middle of a table.
Centre-piece	principal item.
Centre spread	Two facing middle pages of a newspaper etc.
Centric	at or near the centre.
Centric	from a centre.
Centric	Centrically
Centrifugal	Moving or tending to move from a centre.
Centrifugal force	Apparent force that acts outwards on a body moving about a centre.
Centrifuge	Rapidly rotating machine designed to separate liquids from solids etc.
Centripetal	Moving or tending to move towards a centre.
Centripetal force	Force acting on a body causing it to move towards a centre.
Centrist	Polit. Often derog. Person holding moderate views.
Centurion	Commander of a century in the ancient roman army.
Century	00 years.
Century	any century reckoned from the birth of christ (twentieth century =
Century	901–2000; fifth century bc =
Century	00–401 bc).
Century	score etc. Of
Century	00 esp. By one batsman in cricket.
Century	company in the ancient roman army, orig. Of
Century	00 men.
Cephalic	Of or in the head.
Cephalopod	Mollusc with a distinct tentacled head, e.g. The octopus.
Ceramic	made of
Ceramic	Baked clay.
Ceramic	of ceramics.
Ceramic	Ceramic article or product.
Ceramics	ceramic products collectively.
Ceramics	Art of making ceramic articles.
Cereal	a grain used for food.
Cereal	wheat, maize, rye, etc. Producing this.
Cereal	breakfast food made from a cereal.
Cereal	Of edible grain.
Cerebellum	part of the brain at the back of the skull.
Cerebral	of the brain.
Cerebral	intellectual; unemotional.
Cerebral palsy	Paralysis resulting from brain damage before or at birth, involving spasm of the muscles and involuntary movements.
Cerebration	Working of the brain.
Cerebrospinal	Of the brain and spine.
Cerebrum	principal part of the brain in vertebrates, at the front of the skull.
Ceremonial	Of or with ceremony; formal.
Ceremonial	System of rites or ceremonies.
Ceremonious	Fond of or characterized by ceremony; formal.
Ceremony	formal procedure, esp. At a public event or anniversary.
Ceremony	formalities, esp. Ritualistic.
Ceremony	excessively polite behaviour.
Cerise	Light clear red.
Cerium	Silvery metallic element of the lanthanide series.
Cern	European organization for nuclear research.
Cert	a certainty.
Cert.	certificate.
Cert.	certified.
Cern	European organization for nuclear research.
Cert	a certainty.
Cert.	certificate.
Cert.	certified.
Certain	a confident, convinced.
Certain	indisputable
Certain	Sure; destined
Certain	unerring, reliable.
Certain	that need not be specified or may not be known to the reader or hearer
Certain	some but not much
Certain	(as
Certain	) Some but not all
Certainly	undoubtedly.
Certainly	yes; by all means.
Certainty	a undoubted fact.
Certainty	indubitable prospect.
Certainty	absolute conviction.
Certainty	reliable thing or person.
Cert. Ed.	Certificate in education.
Certifiable	able or needing to be certified.
Certifiable	Insane.
Certificate	Formal document attesting a fact, esp. Birth, marriage, or death, a medical condition, or a qualification.
Certificate	(esp. As certificated
Certificate	) Provide with, license, or attest by a certificate.
Certificate of secondary education	Hist. Secondary-school leaving examination in england, wales, and northern ireland.
Certified cheque	Cheque guaranteed by a bank.
Certify	attest; attest to, esp. Formally.
Certify	declare by certificate.
Certify	officially declare insane.
Certitude	Feeling of certainty.
Cerulean	Literary deep sky-blue.
Cervical	Of the neck or the cervix
Cervical screening	Mass routine examination for cervical cancer.
Cervical smear	Specimen from the neck of the womb for examination.
Cervix	necklike structure, esp. The neck of the womb.
Cervix	the neck.
Cesarean	effected by caesarean section.
Cesarean	Caesarean section.
Cesium	soft silver-white element.
Cessation	Ceasing or pause.
Cession	ceding.
Cession	territory etc. Ceded.
Cesspit	covered pit for the temporary storage of liquid waste or sewage.
Cetacean	Marine mammal, e.g. The whale.
Cetacean	Of cetaceans.
Cetane	Liquid hydrocarbon used in standardizing ratings of diesel fuel.
Cf	Californium.
Cf.	Compare.
Cfc	Chlorofluorocarbon, a usu. Gaseous compound of carbon, hydrogen, chlorine, and fluorine, used in refrigerants, aerosol propellants, etc., and thought to harm the ozone layer.
Cfe	College of further education.
Cg	Centigram
Ch	Companion of honour.
Chablis	very dry white wine from chablis in e. France.
Cha-cha	latin-american dance.
Cha-cha	music for this.
Chaconne	musical variations over a ground bass.
Chaconne	dance performed to this.
Chafe	make or become sore or damaged by rubbing.
Chafe	make or become annoyed; fret.
Chafe	rub
Chafe	Sore caused by rubbing.
Chaff	separated husks of corn etc.
Chaff	chopped hay or straw.
Chaff	light-hearted teasing.
Chaff	worthless things.
Chaff	Tease, banter.
Chaffinch	common european finch.
Chafing-dish	Vessel in which food is cooked or kept warm at table.
Chagrin	Acute annoyance or disappointment.
Chagrin	Affect with chagrin.
Chain	a connected flexible series of esp. Metal links.
Chain	thing resembling this.
Chain	(in
Chain	) Fetters; restraining force.
Chain	sequence, series, or set.
Chain	group of associated hotels, shops, etc.
Chain	badge of office in the form of a chain worn round the neck.
Chain	unit of length
Chain	secure or confine with a chain.
Chain-gang	Hist. Team of convicts chained together to work out of doors.
Chain-mail	Armour made of interlaced rings.
Chain reaction	chemical or nuclear reaction forming products which initiate further reactions.
Chain reaction	series of events, each caused by the previous one.
Chain-saw	Motor-driven saw with teeth on an endless chain.
Chain-smoke	Smoke continually, esp. By lighting the next cigarette etc. From the previous one.
Chain store	One of a series of similar shops owned by one firm.
Chair	seat for one person usu. With a back.
Chair	professorship.
Chair	a chairperson.
Chair	seat or office of a chairperson.
Chair	us
Chair	preside over
Chair	carry
Chair	aloft in triumph.
Chair-lift	Series of chairs on a looped cable, for carrying passengers up and down a mountain etc.
Chairman	person chosen to preside over a meeting.
Chairman	permanent president of a committee, board of directors, etc.
Chairperson	Chairman or chairwoman.
Chaise	Esp. Hist. Horse-drawn usu. Open carriage for one or two persons.
Chaise longue	sofa with only one arm rest.
Chalcedony	type of quartz with many varieties, e.g. Onyx.
Chalet	swiss mountain hut or cottage with overhanging eaves.
Chalet	house in a similar style.
Chalet	small cabin in a holiday camp etc.
Chalice	goblet.
Chalice	eucharistic cup.
Chalk	white soft limestone.
Chalk	a similar substance, sometimes coloured, for writing or drawing.
Chalk	piece of this.
Chalk	rub, mark, draw, or write with chalk.
Chalk	a write or record with chalk.
Chalk	register or gain
Chalk	. Chalkiness
Challenge	summons to take part in a contest etc. Or to prove or justify something.
Challenge	demanding or difficult task.
Challenge	objection made to a jury member.
Challenge	call to respond.
Challenge	issue a challenge to.
Challenge	dispute, deny.
Challenge	(as challenging
Challenge	) Stimulatingly difficult.
Challenge	object to
Chalybeate	Impregnated with iron salts.
Chamber	a hall used by a legislative or judicial body.
Chamber	body that meets in it, esp. Any of the houses of a parliament.
Chamber	(in
Chamber	rooms used by a barrister or barristers, esp. In inns of court.
Chamber	judge's room for hearing cases not needing to be taken in court.
Chamber	room, esp.
Chamber	bedroom.
Chamber	Of or for a small group of instruments.
Chamber	cavity or compartment in the body, machinery, etc.
Chamberlain	officer managing a royal or noble household.
Chamberlain	treasurer of a corporation etc.
Chambermaid	Woman who cleans hotel bedrooms.
Chamber of commerce	Association to promote local commercial interests.
Chamber-pot	Receptacle for urine etc., used in the bedroom.
Chameleon	small lizard able to change colour for camouflage.
Chameleon	variable or inconstant person.
Chamfer	Bevel symmetrically
Chamfer	Bevelled surface at an edge or corner.
Chamois	agile european and asian mountain antelope.
Chamois	a soft leather from sheep, goats, deer, etc.
Chamois	piece of this.
Champ1	Munch or chew noisily.
Champ1	Chewing noise.
Champ2	champion.
Champagne	a white sparkling wine from champagne.
Champagne	similar wine from elsewhere.
Champagne	pale cream colour.
Champers	champagne.
Champion	(often
Champion	) Person or thing that has defeated or surpassed all rivals.
Champion	person who fights or argues for a cause or another person.
Champion	Support the cause of, defend.
Champion	Splendid.
Champion	Splendidly.
Championship	(often in
Championship	) Contest to decide the champion in a sport etc.
Championship	position of champion.
Chance	possibility.
Chance	(often in
Chance	) Probability.
Chance	unplanned occurrence.
Chance	opportunity.
Chance	fortune; luck.
Chance	course of events regarded as a power; fate.
Chance	Fortuitous, accidental.
Chance	Risk.
Chance	happen
Chancel	Part of a church near the altar.
Chancellery	chancellor's department, staff, or residence.
Chancellery	us office attached to an embassy or consulate.
Chancellor	state or legal official.
Chancellor	head of government in some european countries.
Chancellor	non-resident honorary head of a university.
Chancellor of the exchequer	Uk finance minister.
Chancery	lord chancellor's division of the high court of justice.
Chancery	records office.
Chancery	chancellery.
Chancy	uncertain; risky.
Chandelier	Ornamental branched hanging support for lighting.
Chandler	Dealer in candles, oil, soap, paint, etc.
Change	a making or becoming different.
Change	alteration or modification.
Change	a money exchanged for money in larger units or a different currency.
Change	money returned as the balance of that given in payment.
Change	new experience; variety
Change	substitution of one thing for another
Change	Menopause.
Change	(usu. In
Change	) One of the different orders in which bells can be rung.
Change	undergo, show, or subject to change; make or become different.
Change	a take or use another instead of; go from one to another
Change	give up or get rid of in exchange
Change	give or get money in exchange for.
Change	put fresh clothes or coverings on.
Change	give and receive, exchange.
Change	change trains etc.
Change	arrive at a fresh phase.
Change	pass to a different owner.
Change	substitute one hand for the other. Change one's mind adopt a different opinion or plan. Change over change from one system or situation to another.
Changeable	inconstant.
Changeable	that can change or be changed.
Changeling	Child believed to be substituted for another.
Change of clothes	Second outfit in reserve.
Change of heart	Conversion to a different view.
Change-over	Change from one system to another.
Channel	a piece of water wider than a strait, joining esp. Two seas.
Channel	the english channel.
Channel	medium of communication; agency.
Channel	band of frequencies used in radio and television transmission, esp. By a particular station.
Channel	course in which anything moves.
Channel	a hollow bed of water.
Channel	navigable part of a waterway.
Channel	passage for liquid.
Channel	lengthwise strip on recording tape etc.
Channel	guide, direct.
Channel	form channel
Channel	in.
Chant	spoken singsong phrase.
Chant	a simple tune used for singing unmetrical words, e.g. Psalms.
Chant	song, esp. Monotonous or repetitive.
Chant	talk or repeat monotonously.
Chant	sing or intone
Chanter	Melody-pipe of bagpipes.
Chanticleer	Name given to a domestic cock in stories.
Chantry	endowment for the singing of masses.
Chantry	priests, chapel, etc., so endowed.
Chaos	utter confusion.
Chaos	formless matter supposed to have existed before the creation of the universe.
Chaos	Chaotically
Chap1	Man, boy, fellow.
Chap2	develop cracks or soreness.
Chap2	Cause to chap.
Chap2	(usu. In
Chap2	) Crack in the skin etc.
Chaparral	Us dense tangled brushwood.
Chapatti	is or chupatties) flat thin cake of unleavened bread.
Chapel	a place for private christian worship in a cathedral or large church, with its own altar.
Chapel	this attached to a private house etc.
Chapel	a place of worship for nonconformists.
Chapel	chapel service.
Chapel	members or branch of a printers' trade union at a place of work.
Chaperon	Person, esp. An older woman, ensuring propriety by accompanying a young unmarried woman on social occasions.
Chaperon	Act as chaperon to.
Chaplain	Member of the clergy attached to a private chapel, institution, ship, regiment, etc.
Chaplet	garland or circlet for the head.
Chaplet	short string of beads; rosary.
Chapman	Hist. Pedlar.
Chapter	main division of a book.
Chapter	period of time
Chapter	a canons of a cathedral or members of a religious community.
Chapter	meeting of these.
Chapter and verse	Exact reference or details.
Chapter of accidents	Series of misfortunes.
Char1	make or become black by burning; scorch.
Char1	burn to charcoal.
Char2	work as a charwoman.
Char3	tea.
Char4	a kind of small trout.
Charabanc	Hist. Early form of motor coach.
Character	collective qualities or characteristics that distinguish a person or thing.
Character	a moral strength.
Character	reputation, esp. Good reputation.
Character	a person in a novel, play, etc.
Character	part played by an actor; role.
Character	Person, esp. An eccentric one.
Character	printed or written letter, symbol, etc.
Character	written description of a person's qualities.
Character	characteristic
Characteristic	Typical, distinctive.
Characteristic	Characteristic feature or quality.
Characterize	a describe the character of.
Characterize	describe as.
Characterize	be characteristic of.
Characterize	impart character to.
Charade	(usu. In
Charade	, treated as sing.) Game of guessing a word from acted clues.
Charade	absurd pretence.
Charcoal	a form of carbon consisting of black residue from partially burnt wood etc.
Charcoal	piece of this for drawing.
Charcoal	a drawing in charcoal.
Charcoal	dark grey.
Charge	a ask
Charge	as a price.
Charge	ask
Charge	for an amount as a price.
Charge	debit the cost of to
Charge	debit
Charge	accuse
Charge	make an accusation that.
Charge	Instruct or urge.
Charge	entrust with.
Charge	make a rushing attack
Charge	a give an electric charge to.
Charge	store energy in
Charge	load or fill
Charge	To the full or proper extent.
Charge	(usu. As charged
Charge	saturated with.
Charge	pervaded
Charge	a price asked for services or goods.
Charge	financial liability or commitment.
Charge	accusation.
Charge	a task, duty, commission.
Charge	care, custody.
Charge	person or thing entrusted.
Charge	a impetuous rush or attack, esp. In battle.
Charge	signal for this.
Charge	appropriate amount of material to be put into a receptacle, mechanism, etc. At one time, esp. Of explosive for a gun.
Charge	a property of matter causing electrical phenomena.
Charge	quantity of this carried by the body.
Charge	energy stored chemically for conversion into electricity.
Charge	exhortation; directions, orders.
Charge	heraldic device or bearing.
Charge-capping	Imposition of an upper limit on the community charge leviable by a local authority.
Chargé d'affaires	ambassador's deputy.
Chargé d'affaires	envoy to a minor country.
Charger	cavalry horse.
Charger	apparatus for charging a battery.
Chariot	Hist. Two-wheeled vehicle drawn by horses, used in ancient warfare and racing.
Charioteer	Chariot-driver.
Charisma	power to inspire or attract others; exceptional charm.
Charisma	divinely conferred power or talent.
Charitable	generous in giving to those in need.
Charitable	of or relating to a charity or charities.
Charitable	generous in judging others.
Charity	giving voluntarily to those in need.
Charity	organization set up to help those in need or for the common good.
Charity	a kindness, benevolence.
Charity	tolerance in judging others.
Charity	love of fellow men.
Charlatan	Person falsely claiming knowledge or skill.
Charleston	lively dance of the
Charleston	920s with side-kicks from the knee.
Charlotte	Pudding of stewed fruit covered with bread etc.
Charm	power or quality of delighting, arousing admiration, or influencing; fascination, attractiveness.
Charm	trinket on a bracelet etc.
Charm	object, act, or word
Charm	supposedly having magic power.
Charm	delight, captivate.
Charm	influence or protect as if by magic
Charm	obtain or gain by charm
Charming	Delightful.
Charnel-house	Repository of corpses or bones.
Chart	geographical map or plan, esp. For navigation.
Chart	sheet of information in the form of a table, graph, or diagram.
Chart	(usu. In
Chart	Listing of the currently best-selling pop records.
Chart	Make a chart of, map.
Charter	a document granting rights, issued esp. By a sovereign or legislature.
Charter	written constitution or description of an organization's functions etc.
Charter	contract to hire an aircraft, ship, etc., for a special purpose.
Charter	grant a charter to.
Charter	hire
Chartered	Qualified member of a professional body that has a royal charter.
Charter flight	Flight by chartered aircraft.
Chartism	Hist. Uk parliamentary reform movement of
Chartism	837–48.
Chartreuse	Pale green or yellow brandy-based liqueur.
Charwoman	Woman employed as a cleaner in a house.
Chary	cautious, wary.
Chary	sparing; ungenerous.
Chase1	run after; pursue.
Chase1	Force to run away or flee.
Chase1	hurry in pursuit of.
Chase1	Act or move about hurriedly.
Chase1	Pursue
Chase1	try to attain.
Chase1	court persistently.
Chase1	pursuit.
Chase1	unenclosed hunting-land.
Chase1	hunting, esp. As a sport.
Chase2	emboss or engrave
Chaser	horse for steeplechasing.
Chaser	Drink taken after another of a different kind.
Chasm	deep cleft or opening in the earth, rock, etc.
Chasm	wide difference of feeling, interests, etc.
Chassis	base-frame of a motor vehicle, carriage, etc.
Chassis	frame to carry radio etc. Components.
Chaste	abstaining from extramarital, or from all, sexual intercourse.
Chaste	pure, virtuous.
Chaste	simple, unadorned.
Chaste	Chasteness
Chasten	Subdue, restrain.
Chasten	discipline, punish.
Chastise	rebuke severely.
Chastise	punish, esp. By beating.
Chastity	Being chaste.
Chasuble	Loose sleeveless usu. Ornate outer vestment worn by a celebrant at mass or the eucharist.
Chat	talk in a light familiar way.
Chat	pleasant informal talk.
Chat	any of various songbirds.
Chat	Chat to, esp. Flirtatiously or with an ulterior motive.
Château	large french country house or castle.
Chatelaine	mistress of a large house.
Chatelaine	hist. Set of short chains attached to a woman's belt, for carrying keys etc.
Chatline	Telephone service which sets up a conference call among youngsters.
Chat show	Television or radio broadcast in which celebrities are interviewed informally.
Chattel	(usu. In
Chattel	) Movable possession.
Chatter	talk quickly, incessantly, trivially, or indiscreetly.
Chatter	Emit short quick sounds.
Chatter	click repeatedly together.
Chatter	Chattering talk or sounds.
Chatterbox	Talkative person.
Chatty	fond of chatting.
Chatty	resembling chat.
Chatty	Chattiness
Chauffeur	person employed to drive a car.
Chauffeur	Drive
Chauffeur	as a chauffeur.
Chauvinism	exaggerated or aggressive patriotism.
Chauvinism	excessive or prejudiced support or loyalty for one's cause or group.
Chauvinist	person exhibiting chauvinism.
Chauvinist	man who shows prejudice against women.
Chauvinist	Chauvinistically
Cheap	low in price; worth more than its cost.
Cheap	charging low prices; offering good value.
Cheap	of poor quality; inferior.
Cheap	costing little effort and hence of little worth.
Cheap	Cheaply.
Cheap	Cheapness
Cheapen	Make or become cheap; depreciate, degrade.
Cheapjack	Seller of inferior goods at low prices.
Cheapjack	Inferior, shoddy.
Cheapskate	Esp. Us
Cheapskate	Stingy person.
Cheat	deceive or trick.
Cheat	deprive of.
Cheat	gain an unfair advantage by deception or breaking rules.
Cheat	person who cheats.
Cheat	trick, deception.
Cheat	Be sexually unfaithful to.
Check	a examine the accuracy or quality of.
Check	make sure, verify.
Check	a stop or slow the motion of; curb. B
Check	Rebuke.
Check	chess directly threaten
Check	us agree on comparison.
Check	us mark with a tick etc.
Check	us deposit
Check	means or act of testing or ensuring accuracy, quality, etc.
Check	a stopping or slowing of motion.
Check	rebuff or rebuke.
Check	person or thing that restrains.
Check	a pattern of small squares.
Check	fabric so patterned.
Check	So patterned.
Check	(also as
Check	) Chess exposure of a king to direct attack.
Check	us restaurant bill.
Check	us
Check	esp. Us token of identification for left luggage etc.
Check	us cards counter used in games.
Check	temporary loss of the scent in hunting.
Check	arrive or register at a hotel, airport, etc.
Check	record the arrival of. Check into register one's arrival at
Check	. Check off mark on a list etc. As having been examined. Check on examine, verify, keep watch on. Check out
Check	leave a hotel etc. With due formalities.
Check	esp. Us investigate. Check up make sure, verify. Check up on = check on.
Checked	Having a check pattern.
Checker1	Person etc. That examines, esp. In a factory etc.
Checker2	var. Of *chequer.
Checker2	us a (in
Checker2	, usu. Treated as sing.) Draughts.
Checker2	piece used in this game.
Check-in	Act or place of checking in.
Checkmate	(also as
Checkmate	) Chess check from which a king cannot escape.
Checkmate	chess put into checkmate.
Checkmate	frustrate.
Checkout	act of checking out.
Checkout	pay-desk in a supermarket etc.
Checkpoint	Place, esp.
Checkpoint	barrier or entrance, where documents, vehicles, etc., are inspected.
Check-up	Thorough
Check-up	examination.
Cheddar	kind of firm smooth cheese.
Cheek	a side of the face below the eye.
Cheek	side-wall of the mouth.
Cheek	a impertinence; cool confidence.
Cheek	impertinent speech.
Cheek	buttock.
Cheek	Be impertinent to.
Cheek-bone	Bone below the eye.
Cheeky	impertinent.
Cheeky	Cheekiness
Cheep	Weak shrill cry of a young bird.
Cheep	Make such a cry.
Cheer	shout of encouragement or applause.
Cheer	mood, disposition
Cheer	(in
Cheer	; as
Cheer	expressing good wishes on parting or before drinking.
Cheer	expressing gratitude.
Cheer	a applaud with shouts.
Cheer	urge with shouts.
Cheer	shout for joy.
Cheer	gladden; comfort.
Cheerful	in good spirits, noticeably happy.
Cheerful	bright, pleasant.
Cheerful	Cheerfulness
Cheerio	Expressing good wishes on parting.
Cheer-leader	Person who leads cheers of applause etc.
Cheerless	Gloomy, dreary.
Cheery	cheerful.
Cheery	Cheeriness
Cheese	a food made from curds of milk.
Cheese	cake of this with rind.
Cheese	conserve with the consistency of soft cheese.
Cheeseburger	Hamburger with cheese in or on it.
Cheesecake	tart filled with sweetened curds etc.
Cheesecake	portrayal of women in a sexually stimulating manner.
Cheesecloth	Thin loosely-woven cloth.
Cheesed	bored, fed up.
Cheese-paring	Stingy.
Cheese plant	Climbing plant with holes in its leaves.
Cheetah	Swift-running spotted leopard-like feline.
Chef	cook, esp. The chief cook in a restaurant.
Chelsea bun	Currant bun in the form of a flat spiral.
Chelsea pensioner	Inmate of the chelsea royal hospital for old or disabled soldiers.
Chemical	Of, made by, or employing chemistry or chemicals.
Chemical	Substance obtained or used in chemistry.
Chemical engineering	Creation and operation of industrial chemical plants.
Chemical warfare	Warfare using poison gas and other chemicals.
Chemise	Hist. Woman's loose-fitting undergarment or dress.
Chemist	dealer in medicinal drugs etc.
Chemist	expert in chemistry.
Chemistry	branch of science dealing with the elements and the compounds they form and the reactions they undergo.
Chemistry	chemical composition and properties of a substance.
Chemistry	Sexual attraction.
Chemotherapy	Treatment of disease, esp. Cancer, by chemical substances.
Chenille	tufty velvety cord or yarn.
Chenille	fabric of this.
Cheque	written order to a bank to pay the stated sum from the drawer's account.
Cheque	printed form on which this is written.
Cheque-book	Book of forms for writing cheques.
Cheque card	Card issued by a bank to guarantee the honouring of cheques up to a stated amount.
Cheque card	Card issued by a bank to guarantee the honouring of cheques up to a stated amount.
Chequer	(often in
Chequer	) Pattern of squares often alternately coloured.
Chequer	var. Of *checker2
Chequer	mark with chequers.
Chequer	variegate; break the uniformity of.
Chequer	(as chequered
Chequer	) With varied fortunes
Cherish	protect or tend lovingly.
Cherish	hold dear, cling to
Cheroot	Cigar with both ends open.
Cherry	a small soft round stone-fruit.
Cherry	tree bearing this or grown for its ornamental flowers.
Cherry	its wood.
Cherry	light red colour.
Cherry	Of light red colour.
Cherub	angelic being of the second order of the celestial hierarchy.
Cherub	a representation of a winged child or its head.
Cherub	beautiful or innocent child.
Chervil	Herb used for flavouring.
Cheshire	kind of firm crumbly cheese.
Chess	Game for two with
Chess	6 men each, played on a chessboard.
Chessboard	Chequered board of
Chessboard	4 squares on which chess and draughts are played.
Chessman	Any of the
Chessman	2 pieces and pawns with which chess is played.
Chest	large strong box.
Chest	a part of the body enclosed by the ribs.
Chest	front surface of the body from the neck to the bottom of the ribs.
Chest	small cabinet for medicines etc.
Chest	Disclose a secret etc. To relieve one's anxiety about it.
Chesterfield	Sofa with arms and back of the same height and curved outwards at the top.
Chestnut	a glossy hard brown edible nut.
Chestnut	tree bearing it.
Chestnut	wood of any chestnut.
Chestnut	horse of a reddish-brown colour.
Chestnut	Stale joke etc.
Chestnut	reddish-brown.
Chestnut	Reddish-brown.
Chest of drawers	Piece of furniture consisting of a set of drawers in a frame.
Chesty	Inclined to or symptomatic of chest disease.
Chesty	Chestiness
Cheval-glass	Tall mirror swung on an upright frame.
Chevalier	Member of certain orders of knighthood, or of the french legion of honour etc.
Chevron	V-shaped line or stripe.
Chew	Work
Chew	Between the teeth.
Chew	act of chewing.
Chew	chewy sweet.
Chew	work continuously between the teeth.
Chew	think about. Chew over
Chew	discuss, talk over.
Chew	think about.
Chewing-gum	Flavoured gum for chewing.
Chewy	needing much chewing.
Chewy	suitable for chewing.
Chez	At the home of.
Chi	Twenty-second letter of the greek alphabet
Chianti	red wine from the chianti area in italy.
Chiaroscuro	treatment of light and shade in drawing and painting.
Chiaroscuro	use of contrast in literature etc.
Chic	stylish, elegant.
Chic	Stylishness, elegance.
Chicane	artificial barrier or obstacle on a motor racecourse.
Chicane	chicanery.
Chicane	use chicanery.
Chicane	Cheat
Chicanery	clever but misleading talk.
Chicanery	trickery, deception.
Chick	young bird.
Chick	young woman.
Chicken	a domestic fowl.
Chicken	its flesh as food.
Chicken	young bird of a domestic fowl.
Chicken	youthful person
Chicken	Cowardly.
Chicken	Withdraw through cowardice.
Chicken-feed	food for poultry.
Chicken-feed	Trivial amount, esp. Of money.
Chickenpox	Infectious disease, esp. Of children, with a rash of small blisters.
Chicken-wire	Light wire netting with a hexagonal mesh.
Chick-pea	Yellow pea-like seed used as a vegetable.
Chickweed	Small weed with tiny white flowers.
Chicle	Milky juice of a tropical tree, used in chewing-gum.
Chicory	plant with leaves used in salads.
Chicory	its root, roasted and ground and used with or instead of coffee.
Chicory	esp. Us
Chide	(past chided or chid;
Chide	Chided or chidden)
Chide	scold, rebuke.
Chief	a leader or ruler.
Chief	head of a tribe, clan, etc.
Chief	head of a department; highest official.
Chief	first in position, importance, influence, etc.
Chief	prominent, leading.
Chief constable	Head of the police force of a county etc.
Chiefly	Above all; mainly but not exclusively.
Chief of staff	Senior staff officer of a service or command.
Chieftain	Leader of a tribe, clan, etc.
Chiffchaff	Small european warbler.
Chiffon	Light diaphanous fabric of silk, nylon, etc.
Chignon	Coil of hair at the back of a woman's head.
Chihuahua	Dog of a very small smooth-haired breed.
Chilblain	Painful itching swelling on a hand, foot, etc., caused by exposure to cold.
Child	a young human being below the age of puberty.
Child	unborn or newborn human being.
Child	one's son or daughter.
Child	descendant, follower, or product of.
Child	childish person.
Child abuse	Maltreatment of a child, esp. By physical violence or sexual molestation.
Child benefit	Regular payment by the state to the parents of a child up to a certain age.
Childbirth	Giving birth to a child.
Child care	The care of children, esp. By a local authority.
Childhood	State or period of being a child.
Childish	of, like, or proper to a child.
Childish	immature, silly.
Childish	Childishness
Childlike	Having the good qualities of a child, such as innocence, frankness, etc.
Child-minder	Person looking after children for payment.
Child's play	Easy task.
Chill	a unpleasant cold sensation; lowered body temperature.
Chill	feverish cold.
Chill	unpleasant coldness
Chill	depressing influence.
Chill	coldness of manner.
Chill	make or become cold.
Chill	depress; horrify.
Chill	preserve
Chill	by cooling.
Chill	Literary chilly.
Chilli	hot-tasting dried red capsicum pod.
Chilli con carne	Dish of chilli-flavoured mince and beans.
Chilly	somewhat cold.
Chilly	sensitive to the cold.
Chilly	unfriendly; unemotional.
Chiltern hundreds	pl. Crown manor, whose administration is a nominal office for which an mp applies as a way of resigning from the house of commons.
Chime	set of attuned bells.
Chime	sounds made by this.
Chime	ring.
Chime	show
Chime	by chiming.
Chime	be in
Agreement.  chime in	interject a remark.
Agreement.  chime in	join in harmoniously.
Agreement.  chime in	agree with.
Chimera	monster with a lion's head, goat's body, and serpent's tail.
Chimera	bogey.
Chimera	wild or fantastic conception.
Chimney	channel conducting smoke etc. Up and away from a fire, engine, etc.
Chimney	part of this above a roof.
Chimney	glass tube protecting the flame of a lamp.
Chimney	narrow vertical crack in a rock-face.
Chimney-breast	Projecting wall surrounding a chimney.
Chimney-pot	Earthenware or metal pipe at the top of a chimney.
Chimney-stack	Number of chimneys grouped in one structure.
Chimney-sweep	Person who removes soot from inside chimneys.
Chimpanzee	Small african manlike ape.
Chin	Front of the lower jaw.
Chin	Remain cheerful. Take on the chin suffer a severe blow from; endure courageously.
China	fine white or translucent ceramic ware, porcelain, etc.
China	things made of this.
China	Made of china.
China clay	Kaolin.
Chinaman	or derog.
Chinaman	Native of china.
Chinaman	cricket ball bowled by a left-handed bowler that spins from off to leg.
Chinchilla	a small s. American rodent.
Chinchilla	its soft grey fur.
Chinchilla	breed of cat or rabbit.
Chine	a backbone.
Chine	joint of meat containing all or part of this.
Chine	ridge.
Chine	cut
Chine	through the backbone.
Chinese	Of china.
Chinese	chinese language.
Chinese	a native or national of china.
Chinese	person of chinese descent.
Chinese lantern	collapsible paper lantern.
Chinese lantern	plant with an orange-red papery calyx.
Chinese leaf	Lettuce-like cabbage.
Chink	offens.
Chink	chinese.
Chink1	Narrow opening; slit.
Chink2	make a sound like glasses or coins striking together.
Chink2	This sound.
Chinless	Weak or feeble in character.
Chinless wonder	Ineffectual esp. Upper-class person.
Chinoiserie	imitation of chinese motifs in painting and in decorating furniture.
Chinoiserie	object
Chinoiserie	in this style.
Chintz	Printed multicoloured usu. Glazed cotton fabric.
Chintzy	like chintz.
Chintzy	gaudy, cheap.
Chintzy	characteristic of décor associated with chintz soft furnishings.
Chin-wag	Talk or chat.
Chin-wag	chat.
Chip	small piece removed by chopping etc.
Chip	place or mark where a piece has been broken off.
Chip	a strip of potato, usu. Deep-fried.
Chip	us potato crisp.
Chip	counter used in some games to represent money.
Chip	cut or break
Chip	from a hard material.
Chip	cut pieces off
Chip	to alter its shape etc.
Chip	be apt to break at the edge.
Chip	(usu. As chipped
Chip	) Make
Chip	into chips.
Chip	interrupt.
Chip	contribute
Chip	chip off the old block child resembling its parent, esp. In character.
Chip	chip on one's shoulder
Chip	Inclination to feel resentful or aggrieved. When the chips are down
Chip	When it comes to the point.
Chipboard	Board made from compressed wood chips.
Chipmunk	Striped
Chipmunk	American ground squirrel.
Chipolata	Small thin sausage.
Chippendale	of an elegantly ornate
Chippendale	8th-c. Style.
Chiro-	Form hand.
Chiromancy	Palmistry.
Chiropody	Treatment of the feet and their ailments.
Chiropractic	Treatment of disease by manipulation of esp. The spinal column.
Chirp	Utter a short sharp note.
Chirp	speak or utter merrily.
Chirp	Chirping sound.
Chirpy	cheerful, lively.
Chirpy	Chirpiness
Chirrup	chirp, esp. Repeatedly.
Chirrup	Chirruping sound.
Chisel	Hand tool with a squared bevelled blade for shaping wood, stone, or metal.
Chisel	cut or shape with a chisel.
Chisel	(as chiselled
Chisel	clear-cut, fine.
Chisel	cheat.
Chit1	derog. Or joc. Young small woman (esp.
Chit1	chit of a girl).
Chit1	young child.
Chit2	note of requisition, of a sum owed, etc.
Chit2	note or memorandum.
Chit-chat	Light conversation; gossip.
Chivalrous	gallant, honourable.
Chivalrous	of or showing chivalry.
Chivalry	medieval knightly system with its religious, moral, and social code.
Chivalry	honour, courtesy, and readiness to help the weak.
Chive	Small plant with long onion-flavoured leaves.
Chivvy	urge persistently, nag.
Chloral	colourless liquid aldehyde used in making ddt.
Chloral	pharm. Crystalline solid made from this and used as a sedative.
Chloride	compound of chlorine and another element or group.
Chloride	bleaching agent containing this.
Chlorinate	impregnate or treat with chlorine.
Chlorine	Poisonous gaseous element used for purifying water etc.
Chloroform	Colourless volatile liquid formerly used as a general anaesthetic.
Chloroform	Render unconscious with this.
Chlorophyll	Green pigment found in most plants.
Choc	Chocolate.
Choc-ice	Bar of ice-cream covered with chocolate.
Chock	Block or wedge to check the motion of a wheel etc.
Chock	Make fast with chocks.
Chock-a-block	crammed together or full.
Chock-full	crammed full.
Chocolate	a food preparation in the form of a paste or solid block made from ground cacao seeds and usu. Sweetened.
Chocolate	sweet made of or coated with this.
Chocolate	drink containing this.
Chocolate	deep brown.
Chocolate	made from chocolate.
Chocolate	deep brown.
Choice	a act of choosing.
Choice	thing or person chosen.
Choice	range from which to choose.
Choice	power or opportunity to choose.
Choice	Of superior quality.
Choir	regular group of singers, esp. In a church.
Choir	part of a cathedral or large church between the altar and nave.
Choirboy	boy singer in a church choir.
Choke	stop the breathing of
Choke	, esp. By constricting the windpipe or
Choke	By being unbreathable.
Choke	suffer a stoppage of breath.
Choke	make or become speechless from emotion.
Choke	retard the growth of or kill
Choke	by depriving of light etc.
Choke	suppress
Choke	with difficulty.
Choke	block or clog
Choke	(as choked
Choke	Disgusted, disappointed.
Choke	valve in a carburettor controlling the intake of air.
Choke	device for smoothing the variations of an alternating current.
Choker	Close-fitting necklace.
Cholecalciferol	vitamin
Cholecalciferol	produced by the action of sunlight on a steroid in the skin.
Choler	hist. One of the four humours, bile.
Choler	poet. Or
Choler	anger, irascibility.
Cholera	Infectious often fatal bacterial disease of the small intestine.
Choleric	Irascible, angry.
Cholesterol	Sterol found in most body tissues, including the blood where high concentrations promote arteriosclerosis.
Choose	(-sing; past chose;
Choose	Chosen)
Choose	select out of a greater number.
Choose	take or select one or another.
Choose	Decide, be determined.
Choose	select as
Choosy	Fastidious.
Chop1	Cut or fell by the blow of an axe etc.
Chop1	cut into small pieces.
Chop1	strike (esp.
Chop1	ball) with a short heavy edgewise blow.
Chop1	cutting blow.
Chop1	thick slice of meat
Chop1	usu. Including a rib.
Chop1	short chopping stroke in cricket etc.
Chop1	killing or being killed.
Chop2	(usu. In
Chop2	) Jaw.
Chopper	a short axe with a large blade.
Chopper	butcher's cleaver.
Chopper	Helicopter.
Chopper	Type of bicycle or motor cycle with high handlebars.
Choppy	Fairly rough.
Choppy	Choppiness
Chopstick	Each of a pair of sticks held in one hand as eating utensils by the chinese, japanese, etc.
Chopsuey	chinese-style dish of meat fried with vegetables and rice.
Choral	Of, for, or sung by a choir or chorus.
Chorale	simple stately hymn tune; harmonized form of this.
Chorale	esp. Us choir.
Chord1	Group of notes sounded together.
Chord2	straight line joining the ends of an arc or curve.
Chord2	poet. String of a harp etc.
Chordate	Animal having a cartilaginous skeletal rod at some stage of its development.
Chordate	Of chordates.
Chore	Tedious or routine task, esp. Domestic.
Choreograph	Compose choreography for
Choreography	Design or arrangement of a ballet etc.
Chorister	Member of a choir, esp.
Chorister	choirboy.
Chortle	Gleeful chuckle.
Chortle	utter or express with a chortle.
Chorus	group of singers; choir.
Chorus	music composed for a choir.
Chorus	refrain or main part of a song.
Chorus	simultaneous utterance.
Chorus	group of singers and dancers performing together.
Chorus	gk antiq.
Chorus	group of performers who comment on the action in a greek play.
Chorus	utterance made by it.
Chorus	character speaking the prologue in a play.
Chorus	speak or utter simultaneously.
Chosen	Of *choose.
Chough	Bird with glossy blue-black plumage and red legs.
Choux pastry	Very light pastry enriched with eggs.
Chow	food.
Chow	dog of a chinese breed with long woolly hair.
Chow mein	Chinese-style dish of fried noodles with shredded meat or shrimps etc. And vegetables.
Christ	title, also now treated as a name, given to jesus.
Christ	messiah as prophesied in the old testament.
Christ	expressing surprise, anger, etc.
Christen	baptize as a sign of admission to the christian church.
Christen	give a name to.
Christen	Use for the first time.
Christendom	Christians worldwide.
Christian	of christ's teaching.
Christian	believing in or following the religion of christ.
Christian	showing the associated qualities.
Christian	Kind.
Christian	Adherent of christianity.
Christian era	Era reckoned from christ's birth.
Christianity	christian religion.
Christianity	being a christian; christian quality or character.
Christian name	Forename, esp. As given at baptism.
Christian science	Christian sect believing in the power of healing by prayer alone.
Christmas	annual festival of christ's birth, celebrated on
Christmas	5 dec.
Christmas	period around this.
Christmas-box	Present or gratuity given at christmas.
Christmas eve	4 dec.
Christmas pudding	Rich boiled pudding of flour, suet, dried fruit, etc.
Christmas rose	White-flowered winter-blooming hellebore.
Christmas tree	Evergreen tree or imitation of this set up and decorated at christmas.
Chromatic	of colour; in colours.
Chromatic	of or having notes not belonging to a particular diatonic scale.
Chromatic	ascending or descending by semitones.
Chromatin	Chromosome material in a cell nucleus which stains with basic dyes.
Chromatography	Separation of the components of a mixture by slow passage through or over material which adsorbs them differently.
Chrome	chromium, esp. As plating.
Chrome	yellow pigment got from a certain compound of chromium.
Chromite	Mineral of chromium and iron oxides.
Chromium	Metallic element used as a shiny decorative or protective coating.
Chromium plate	Protective coating of chromium.
Chromosome	Threadlike structure, usu. Found in the cell nucleus of animals and plants, carrying genes.
Chronic	long-lasting.
Chronic	having a chronic complaint.
Chronic	Very bad; intense, severe.
Chronic	Habitual, inveterate
Chronicle	Register of events in order of occurrence.
Chronicle	record
Chronicle	thus.
Chronological	according to order of occurrence.
Chronological	of chronology.
Chronology	science of determining dates.
Chronology	a arrangement of events etc. In order of occurrence.
Chronology	table or document displaying this.
Chronometer	Time-measuring instrument, esp. One used in navigation.
Chrysalis	pupa of a butterfly or moth.
Chrysalis	case enclosing it.
Chrysanthemum	Garden plant of the daisy family blooming in autumn.
Chrysoberyl	Yellowish-green gem.
Chrysolite	Precious variety of olivine.
Chrysoprase	Apple-green variety of chalcedony.
Chub	thick-bodied river fish.
Chubb	propr. Lock with a device for fixing the bolt immovably should someone try to pick it.
Chubby	plump and rounded.
Chuck1	Fling or throw carelessly or casually.
Chuck1	Give up; reject.
Chuck1	touch playfully, esp. Under the chin.
Chuck1	playful touch under the chin.
Chuck1	toss.
Chuck1	dismissal; rejection. Chuck out
Chuck1	expel
Chuck1	from a gathering etc.
Chuck1	get rid of, discard.
Chuck2	cut of beef from neck to ribs.
Chuck2	device for holding a workpiece or bit.
Chuck2	Fix to a chuck.
Chuckle	laugh quietly or inwardly.
Chuckle	Quiet or suppressed laugh.
Chuff	Work with a regular sharp puffing sound.
Chuffed	delighted.
Chug	emit a regular muffled explosive sound, as of an engine running slowly.
Chug	move with this sound.
Chug	Chugging sound.
Chukka boot	Ankle-high leather boot.
Chukker	period of play in polo.
Chum	Close friend.
Chum	. Chummily
Chum	Chumminess
Chump	Foolish person.
Chump	thick end of a loin of lamb or mutton
Chump	short thick block of wood.
Chump	crazy.
Chunk	thick piece cut or broken off.
Chunk	substantial amount.
Chunky	consisting of or resembling chunks; thick, substantial.
Chunky	small and sturdy.
Chunter	Mutter, grumble.
Church	building for public christian worship.
Church	public worship
Church	a body of all christians.
Church	clergy or clerical profession.
Church	organized christian society
Churchgoer	Person attending church regularly.
Churchman	Member of the clergy or of a church.
Church of england	English protestant church.
Churchwarden	Either of two elected lay representatives of an anglican parish.
Churchyard	Enclosed ground around a church used for burials.
Churl	ill-bred person.
Churl	peasant.
Churlish	Surly; mean.
Churlish	Churlishness
Churn	large milk-can.
Churn	butter-making machine.
Churn	agitate
Churn	in a churn.
Churn	produce
Churn	in a churn.
Churn	upset, agitate.
Chute1	Sloping channel or slide for sending things to a lower level.
Chute2	Parachute.
Chutney	pungent condiment of fruits, vinegar, spices, etc.
Chutzpah	shameless audacity.
Chyle	Milky fluid of food materials formed in the intestine after digestion.
Chyme	Acid pulp formed from partly-digested food.
Cia	central intelligence agency.
Ciao	goodbye.
Ciao	hello.
Cicada	Large transparent-winged insect making a rhythmic chirping sound.
Cicatrice	Scar left by a wound.
Cicely	flowering plant related to parsley and chervil.
Cicerone	person who guides sightseers.
Cid	Criminal investigation department.
-cide	person or substance that kills
-cide	killing of
-cide	person or substance that kills
-cide	killing of
Cider	Drink of fermented apple juice.
Cigar	Tight roll of tobacco-leaves for smoking.
Cigarette	Finely-cut tobacco rolled in paper for smoking.
Cilium	minute hairlike structure on the surface of many animal cells.
Cilium	eyelash.
Cilium	Ciliate
Cinch	sure thing; certainty.
Cinch	easy task.
Cinchona	a s. American evergreen tree or shrub.
Cinchona	its bark, containing quinine.
Cinchona	drug from this.
Cincture	Literary girdle, belt, or border.
Cinder	residue of coal or wood etc. After burning.
Cinder	(in
Cinder	) Ashes.
Cinderella	Person or thing of unrecognized or disregarded merit or beauty.
Cine-	Form cinematographic
Cinema	theatre where films are shown.
Cinema	a films collectively.
Cinema	art or industry of producing films.
Cinematography	Art of making films.
Cinematography	Cinematographic
Cineraria	Composite plant with bright flowers and ash-coloured down on its leaves.
Cinnabar	bright red mercuric sulphide.
Cinnabar	vermilion.
Cinnabar	moth with reddish-marked wings.
Cinnamon	aromatic spice from the bark of a se asian tree.
Cinnamon	this tree.
Cinnamon	yellowish-brown.
Cinque	The five on dice.
Cinquefoil	plant with compound leaves of five leaflets.
Cinquefoil	archit. Five-cusped ornament in a circle or arch.
Cinque ports	pl. Group of
Cinque ports	ports in se england with ancient privileges.
Cipher	a secret or disguised writing.
Cipher	thing so written.
Cipher	key to it.
Cipher	arithmetical symbol
Cipher	used to occupy a vacant place in decimal etc. Numeration.
Cipher	person or thing of no importance.
Cipher	Write in cipher.
Circa	about.
Circadian	Physiol. Occurring about once per day.
Circle	round plane figure whose circumference is everywhere equidistant from its centre.
Circle	circular or roundish enclosure or structure.
Circle	curved upper tier of seats in a theatre etc.
Circle	circular route.
Circle	persons grouped round a centre of interest.
Circle	set or restricted group
Circle	move in a circle.
Circle	a revolve round.
Circle	form a circle round.
Circlet	small circle.
Circlet	circular band, esp. As an ornament.
Circuit	line or course enclosing an area; the distance round.
Circuit	a path of an electric current.
Circuit	apparatus through which a current passes.
Circuit	a judge's itinerary through a district to hold courts.
Circuit	such a district.
Circuit	lawyers following a circuit.
Circuit	chain of theatres, cinemas, etc. Under a single management.
Circuit	motor-racing track.
Circuit	itinerary or specific sphere of operation
Circuit	sequence of sporting events or athletic exercises.
Circuit-breaker	Automatic device for interrupting an electric circuit.
Circuitous	indirect.
Circuitous	going a long way round.
Circuitry	system of electric circuits.
Circuitry	equipment forming this.
Circular	a having the form of a circle.
Circular	moving
Circular	in a circle, finishing at the starting-point
Circular	using the point it is trying to prove as evidence for its conclusion, hence invalid.
Circularize	distribute circulars to.
Circular saw	Power saw with a rapidly rotating toothed disc.
Circulate	be in circulation; spread.
Circulate	a put into circulation.
Circulate	send circulars to.
Circulate	move about among guests etc.
Circulation	movement to and fro, or from and back to a starting-point, esp. That of the blood from and to the heart.
Circulation	a transmission or distribution.
Circulation	number of copies sold.
Circulatory	Of circulation, esp. Of the blood.
Circum-	Form round, about.
Circumcise	cut off the foreskin or clitoris of.
Circumference	enclosing boundary, esp. Of a circle.
Circumference	distance round.
Circumflex	mark
Circumflex	placed over a vowel to show contraction, length, etc.
Circumlocution	a roundabout expression.
Circumlocution	evasive talk.
Circumlocution	verbosity.
Circumnavigate	sail round
Circumscribe	Enclose or outline.
Circumscribe	lay down the limits of; confine, restrict.
Circumscribe	geom. Draw
Circumscribe	round another, touching it at points but not cutting it.
Circumspect	Cautious; taking everything into account.
Circumspect	Circumspectly
Circumstance	fact, occurrence, or condition, esp. (in
Circumstance	) Connected with or influencing an event;
Circumstance	luck
Circumstance	(in
Circumstance	) One's financial or material condition.
Circumstance	ceremony, fuss.
Circumstantial	giving full details
Circumstantial	Indicating a conclusion by inference from known facts hard to explain otherwise.
Circumvent	evade, find a way round.
Circumvent	baffle, outwit.
Circus	travelling show of performing acrobats, clowns, animals, etc.
Circus	scene of lively action.
Circus	group of people in a common activity, esp. Sport.
Circus	open space in a town, where several streets converge.
Circus	rom. Antiq. Arena for sports and games.
Cirrhosis	Chronic liver disease, as a result of alcoholism etc.
Cirrus	white wispy cloud at high altitude.
Cirrus	tendril or appendage of a plant or animal.
Cisalpine	On the south side of the alps.
Cistercian	Monk or nun of the order founded as a stricter branch of the benedictines.
Cistercian	Of the cistercians.
Cistern	tank for storing water.
Cistern	underground reservoir.
Cistus	Shrub with large white or red flowers.
Citadel	Fortress, usu. On high ground, protecting or dominating a city.
Citation	citing; passage cited.
Citation	mil. Mention in dispatches.
Citation	description of the reasons for an award.
Cite	mention as an example etc.
Cite	quote
Cite	In support.
Cite	mil. Mention in dispatches.
Cite	summon to appear in court.
Citizen	member of a state, either native or naturalized.
Citizen	inhabitant of a city.
Citizen	us civilian.
Citizen	Citizenship
Citizen's band	System of local intercommunication by individuals on special radio frequencies.
Citrate	salt of citric acid.
Citric	Derived from citrus fruit.
Citric acid	Sharp-tasting acid in citrus fruits.
Citron	tree with large lemon-like fruits.
Citron	this fruit.
Citronella	a fragrant oil.
Citronella	grass from s. Asia yielding it.
Citrus	tree of a group including the lemon, orange, and grapefruit.
Citrus	fruit of such a tree.
City	large town, strictly one created by charter and containing a cathedral.
City	a part of london governed by the lord mayor and corporation.
City	business part of this.
City	commercial circles.
City-state	Esp. Hist. City that with its surrounding territory forms an independent state.
Civet	catlike animal of central africa.
Civet	strong musky perfume obtained from it.
Civic	of a city.
Civic	of citizens or citizenship.
Civic centre	area where municipal offices etc. Are situated.
Civic centre	the offices themselves.
Civics	pl.
Civics	The study of the rights and duties of citizenship.
Civil	of or belonging to citizens.
Civil	of ordinary citizens; non-military.
Civil	polite, obliging, not rude.
Civil	law concerning private rights and not criminal offences.
Civil	Fixed by custom or law, not natural or astronomical.
Civil defence	Organizing of civilians for protection during wartime attacks.
Civil disobedience	Refusal to comply with certain laws as a peaceful protest.
Civil engineer	One who designs or maintains roads, bridges, dams, etc.
Civilian	Person not in the armed services or police force.
Civilian	Of or for civilians.
Civility	politeness.
Civility	act of politeness.
Civilization	advanced stage or system of social development.
Civilization	peoples of the world that are regarded as having this.
Civilization	a people or nation
Civilization	regarded as an element of social evolution
Civilize	bring out of a barbarous or primitive stage of society.
Civilize	enlighten; refine and educate.
Civil liberty	(often in
Civil liberty	) Freedom of action subject to the law.
Civil list	Annual allowance voted by parliament for the royal family's household expenses.
Civil marriage	One solemnized without religious ceremony.
Civil rights	pl. Rights of citizens to freedom and equality.
Civil servant	Member of the civil service.
Civil service	Branches of state administration, excluding military and judicial branches and elected politicians.
Civil war	War between citizens of the same country.
Civvies	civilian clothes.
Civvy street	civilian life.
Cl	Chlorine.
Cl	Centilitre
Clack	make a sharp sound as of boards struck together.
Clack	chatter.
Clack	Clacking noise or talk.
Clad	clothed.
Clad	provided with cladding.
Cladding	Covering or coating on a structure or material etc.
Cladistics	pl.
Cladistics	Biol. Method of classifying animals and plants on the basis of shared characteristics.
Claim	state, declare, assert.
Claim	demand as one's due or property.
Claim	represent oneself as having or achieving
Claim	Profess.
Claim	have as an achievement or consequence
Claim	deserve
Claim	demand or request for a thing considered one's due
Claim	right or title to a thing.
Claim	assertion.
Claim	thing claimed.
Claimant	Person making a claim, esp. In a lawsuit, or claiming state benefit.
Clairvoyance	Supposed faculty of perceiving the future or things beyond normal sensory perception.
Clam	Edible bivalve mollusc.
Clam	Refuse to talk.
Clamber	Climb laboriously using hands and feet.
Clamber	Difficult climb.
Clammy	unpleasantly damp and sticky.
Clammy	Clamminess
Clamor	loud or vehement shouting or noise.
Clamor	protest, demand.
Clamor	make a clamour.
Clamor	utter with a clamour.
Clamour	loud or vehement shouting or noise.
Clamour	protest, demand.
Clamour	make a clamour.
Clamour	utter with a clamour.
Clamp1	device, esp.
Clamp1	brace or band of iron etc., for strengthening or holding things together.
Clamp1	device for immobilizing an illegally parked vehicle.
Clamp1	strengthen or fasten with a clamp; fix firmly.
Clamp1	immobilize
Clamp1	with a clamp.
Clamp1	become stricter
Clamp1	; suppress.
Clamp2	Potatoes etc. Stored under straw or earth.
Clamp-down	Sudden policy of suppression.
Clan	group of people with a common ancestor, esp. In the scottish highlands.
Clan	large family as a social group.
Clan	group with a strong common interest.
Clandestine	Surreptitious, secret.
Clang	Loud resonant metallic sound.
Clang	make a clang.
Clanger	mistake, blunder.
Clangor	prolonged clanging.
Clangour	prolonged clanging.
Clank	Sound as of metal on metal.
Clank	make a clank.
Clannish	Often derog.
Clannish	associating closely with each other; inward-looking.
Clansman	member or fellow-member of a clan.
Clap1	a strike the palms of one's hands together, esp. Repeatedly as applause.
Clap1	strike
Clap1	together in this way.
Clap1	applaud thus.
Clap1	put or place quickly or with determination
Clap1	give a friendly slap
Clap1	act of clapping, esp. As applause.
Clap1	explosive sound, esp. Of thunder.
Clap1	slap, pat.
Clap1	See.
Clap2	venereal disease, esp. Gonorrhoea.
Clapped out	worn out; exhausted.
Clapper	Tongue or striker of a bell.
Clapper	very fast or hard.
Clapperboard	Device in film-making of hinged boards struck together to synchronize the starting of picture and sound machinery.
Claptrap	Insincere or pretentious talk, nonsense.
Claque	Group of people hired to applaud.
Claret	red wine, esp. From bordeaux.
Claret	purplish-red.
Clarify	make or become clearer.
Clarify	a free
Clarify	From impurities.
Clarify	make transparent.
Clarinet	Woodwind instrument with a single reed.
Clarion	clear rousing sound.
Clarion	hist. Shrill war-trumpet.
Clarity	Clearness.
Clash	a loud jarring sound as of metal objects struck together.
Clash	collision.
Clash	a conflict.
Clash	discord of colours etc.
Clash	make a clashing sound.
Clash	collide; coincide awkwardly.
Clash	a come into conflict or be at variance.
Clash	be discordant.
Clasp	device with interlocking parts for fastening.
Clasp	a embrace.
Clasp	grasp, handshake.
Clasp	bar on a medal-ribbon.
Clasp	fasten with or as with a clasp.
Clasp	a grasp, hold closely.
Clasp	embrace.
Clasp-knife	Folding knife, usu. With a catch to hold the blade open.
Class	any set of persons or things grouped together, or graded or differentiated from others esp. By quality
Class	division or order of society
Class	Distinction, high quality.
Class	a group of students taught together.
Class	occasion when they meet.
Class	their course of instruction.
Class	division of candidates by merit in an examination.
Class	biol. Next grouping of organisms below a division or phylum.
Class	Assign to a class or category.
Class-conscious	Aware of social divisions or one's place in them.
Classic	first-class; of lasting value and importance.
Classic	very typical
Classic	a of ancient greek and latin literature, art, etc.
Classic	simple, harmonious.
Classic	famous because long-established.
Classic	classic writer, artist, work, or example.
Classic	(in
Classic	) Ancient greek and latin.
Classical	a of ancient greek or roman literature or art.
Classical	having the form used by ancient standard authors.
Classical	serious or conventional, or of the period from c.1750–1800.
Classical	restrained in style.
Classical	Classically
Classicism	following of a classic style.
Classicism	classical scholarship.
Classicism	ancient greek or latin idiom.
Classify	a arrange in classes or categories.
Classify	assign to a class or category.
Classify	designate as officially secret or not for general disclosure.
Classify	Classification
Classify	Classificatory
Classmate	Person in the same class at school.
Classroom	Room where a class of students is taught.
Classy	Superior, stylish.
Classy	Classiness
Clatter	Sound as of hard objects struck together.
Clatter	make a clatter.
Clause	Part of a sentence, including a subject and predicate.
Clause	single statement in a treaty, law, contract, etc.
Clause	Clause in the local government bill
Clause	banning local authorities from promoting homosexuality.
Claustrophobia	Abnormal fear of confined places.
Clavichord	Small keyboard instrument with a very soft tone.
Clavicle	Collar-bone.
Claw	a pointed nail on an animal's foot.
Claw	foot armed with claws.
Claw	pincers of a shellfish.
Claw	device for grappling, holding, etc.
Claw	Scratch, maul, or pull with claws or fingernails.
Claw back	Regain laboriously or gradually.
Claw-hammer	Hammer with one side of the head forked for extracting nails.
Claw-hammer	Hammer with one side of the head forked for extracting nails.
Clay	stiff sticky earth, used for making bricks, pottery, etc.
Clay	poet. Substance of the human body.
Claymore	Hist. Scottish two-edged broadsword.
Clay pigeon	Breakable disc thrown up from a trap as a target for shooting.
Clean	free from dirt or impurities, unsoiled.
Clean	clear; unused; pristine
Clean	not obscene or indecent.
Clean	attentive to personal hygiene and cleanliness.
Clean	complete, clear-cut.
Clean	showing no record of crime, disease, etc.
Clean	fair
Clean	streamlined; well-formed.
Clean	adroit, skilful.
Clean	producing relatively little fallout.
Clean	completely, outright, simply.
Clean	in a clean manner.
Clean	Make or become clean.
Clean	Act or process of cleaning.
Clean	clean thoroughly.
Clean	empty or deprive
Clean	. Clean up
Clean	a clear away
Clean	Put
Clean	tidy.
Clean	make
Clean	clean.
Clean	restore order or morality to.
Clean	acquire as or make a profit. Come clean
Clean	Confess fully. Make a clean breast of see *breast.
Clean bill of health	Declaration that there is no disease or defect.
Clean-cut	sharply outlined or defined.
Clean-cut	clean and tidy.
Cleaner	person employed to clean rooms etc.
Cleaner	establishment for cleaning clothes etc.
Cleaner	device or substance for cleaning.
Cleaner	defraud or rob a person.
Cleaner	criticize severely.
Cleanly1	In a clean way.
Cleanly2	habitually clean; with clean habits.
Cleanse	make clean or pure.
Clean-shaven	Without beard or moustache.
Clean sheet	freedom from commitments or imputations; removal of these from one's record.
Clean-up	Act of cleaning up.
Clear	free from dirt or contamination.
Clear	Not dull.
Clear	transparent.
Clear	a easily perceived; distinct; evident
Clear	easily understood.
Clear	discerning readily and accurately
Clear	confident, convinced.
Clear	free from guilt.
Clear	Unobstructed.
Clear	a net, without deduction.
Clear	complete
Clear	free, unhampered; unencumbered.
Clear	clearly.
Clear	completely
Clear	apart, out of contact
Clear	make or become clear.
Clear	make or become free from obstruction etc.
Clear	show
Clear	to be innocent.
Clear	approve
Clear	For a special duty, access, etc.
Clear	pass over or by, safely or without touching.
Clear	make
Clear	as a net gain or to balance expenses.
Clear	pass
Clear	through a clearing-house.
Clear	pass through
Clear	disappear
Clear	remove
Clear	disappear. Clear the decks prepare for action. Clear off
Clear	Go away. Clear out
Clear	empty, tidy by emptying.
Clear	remove.
Clear	Go away. Clear up
Clear	tidy up.
Clear	solve.
Clear	become fine.
Clear	disappear
Clear	. Clear a thing with get approval or authorization for it from
Clear	. In the clear free from suspicion or difficulty.
Clear	Clearness
Clearance	removal of obstructions etc.
Clearance	space allowed for the passing of two objects or parts in machinery etc.
Clearance	special authorization.
Clearance	a clearing by customs.
Clearance	certificate showing this.
Clearance	clearing of cheques.
Clearance	clearing out.
Clear-cut	Sharply defined.
Clear-headed	Thinking clearly, sensible.
Clearing	Open area in a forest.
Clearing bank	Bank which is a member of a clearing-house.
Clearing-house	bankers' establishment where cheques and bills are exchanged, only the balances being paid in cash.
Clearing-house	agency for collecting and distributing information etc.
Clear-out	Tidying by emptying and sorting.
Clear-sighted	Seeing, thinking, or understanding clearly.
Clear-up	tidying up.
Clear-up	(usu.
Clear-up	) Solving of crimes
Clearway	Main road
Clearway	on which vehicles may not normally stop.
Cleat	piece of metal, wood, etc., bolted on for fastening ropes to, or to strengthen woodwork etc.
Cleat	projecting piece on a spar, gangway, etc. To prevent slipping.
Cleavage	hollow between a woman's breasts.
Cleavage	division, splitting.
Cleavage	line along which rocks, crystals, etc. Split.
Cleave1	(-ving; past clove or cleft or cleaved;
Cleave1	Cloven or cleft or cleaved) literary
Cleave1	chop or break apart; split, esp. Along the grain or line of cleavage.
Cleave1	make one's way through
Cleave2	literary stick fast; adhere.
Cleaver	Butcher's heavy chopping tool.
Clef	Symbol indicating the pitch of notes on a staff.
Cleft1	Split, partly divided.
Cleft2	Split, fissure.
Cleft palate	Congenital split in the roof of the mouth.
Clematis	Climbing plant with white, pink, or purple flowers.
Clement	mild.
Clement	merciful.
Clementine	Small tangerine-like citrus fruit.
Clench	close
Clench	Tightly.
Clench	grasp firmly.
Clench	Clenching action; clenched state.
Clerestory	upper row of windows in a cathedral or large church, above the level of the aisle roofs.
Clergy	(usu. Treated as
Clergy	) Those ordained for religious duties.
Clergyman	Member of the clergy.
Cleric	Member of the clergy.
Clerical	of clergy or clergymen.
Clerical	of or done by clerks.
Clerical collar	Stiff upright white collar fastening at the back.
Clerihew	Short comic biographical verse in two rhyming couplets.
Clerk	person employed to keep records, accounts, etc.
Clerk	secretary or agent of a local council, court, etc.
Clerk	lay officer of a church.
Clerk	Work as clerk.
Clever	skilful, talented; quick to understand and learn.
Clever	adroit, dexterous.
Clever	ingenious.
Clever	Cleverness
Cliché	hackneyed phrase or opinion.
Cliché	metal casting of a stereotype or electrotype.
Click	Slight sharp sound.
Click	make a click.
Click	become clear or understood.
Click	be popular.
Click	strike up a rapport.
Client	person using the services of a lawyer, architect, or other professional person.
Client	customer.
Clientele	clients collectively.
Clientele	customers.
Cliff	Steep rock-face, esp. On a coast.
Cliff-hanger	Story etc. With a strong element of suspense.
Climacteric	Period of life when fertility and sexual activity are in decline.
Climate	prevailing weather conditions of an area.
Climate	region with particular weather conditions.
Climate	prevailing trend of opinion or feeling.
Climate	Climatically
Climax	event or point of greatest intensity or interest; culmination.
Climax	orgasm.
Climax	Reach or bring to a climax.
Climb	ascend, mount, go or come up.
Climb	grow up a wall etc. By clinging or twining.
Climb	progress, esp. In social rank.
Climb	ascent by climbing.
Climb	hill etc. Climbed or to be climbed.
Climb	descend, esp. Using hands.
Climb	withdraw from a stance taken up in an argument etc.
Climb-down	Withdrawal from a stance taken up.
Climbing-frame	Structure of joined bars etc. For children to climb on.
Clime	Literary
Clime	region.
Clime	climate.
Clinch	confirm or settle
Clinch	Conclusively.
Clinch	Become too closely engaged.
Clinch	secure
Clinch	by driving the point sideways when through.
Clinch	a clinching action.
Clinch	clinched state.
Clinch	Embrace.
Clincher	Point or remark that settles an argument etc.
Cling	(past and
Cling	Clung)
Cling	adhere.
Cling	be unwilling to give up; be emotionally dependent on
Cling	maintain grasp; keep hold; resist separation.
Cling film	Thin transparent plastic covering for food.
Clinic	private or specialized hospital.
Clinic	place or occasion for giving medical treatment or specialist advice.
Clinic	gathering at a hospital bedside for medical teaching.
Clinical	of or for the treatment of patients.
Clinical	dispassionate, coolly detached.
Clinical	Bare, functional.
Clinical death	Death judged by professional observation of a person's condition.
Clink1	Sharp ringing sound.
Clink1	make a clink.
Clink2	prison.
Clinker	mass of slag or lava.
Clinker	stony residue from burnt coal.
Clinker-built	having external planks overlapping downwards and secured with clinched nails.
Clip1	device for holding things together or for attaching something.
Clip1	piece of jewellery fastened by a clip.
Clip1	set of attached cartridges for a firearm.
Clip1	fix with a clip.
Clip2	cut
Clip2	Short with shears or scissors.
Clip2	trim or remove the hair or wool of.
Clip2	Hit smartly.
Clip2	a omit
Clip2	From a word.
Clip2	omit letters or syllables of
Clip2	punch a hole in
Clip2	to show it has been used.
Clip2	cut from a newspaper etc.
Clip2	swindle, rob.
Clip2	act of clipping.
Clip2	Smart blow.
Clip2	sequence from a motion picture.
Clip2	yield of wool etc.
Clip2	Speed, esp. Rapid.
Clipboard	Small board with a spring clip for holding papers etc.
Clip-joint	club etc. Charging exorbitant prices.
Clip-on	Attached by a clip.
Clipper	(usu. In
Clipper	) Instrument for clipping hair etc.
Clipper	hist. Fast sailing-ship.
Clipping	Piece clipped, esp. From a newspaper.
Clique	Small exclusive group of people.
Clique	. Cliquish
Clitoris	Small erectile part of the female genitals at the upper end of the vulva.
Cllr.	Councillor.
Cloak	outdoor usu. Long and sleeveless over-garment.
Cloak	covering
Cloak	cover with a cloak.
Cloak	conceal, disguise.
Cloak-and-dagger	Involving intrigue and espionage.
Cloakroom	room where outdoor clothes or luggage may be left.
Cloakroom	euphem. Lavatory.
Clobber1	hit; beat up.
Clobber1	defeat.
Clobber1	criticize severely.
Clobber2	clothing, belongings.
Cloche	small translucent cover for protecting outdoor plants.
Cloche	woman's close-fitting bell-shaped hat.
Clock1	instrument for measuring and showing time.
Clock1	a measuring device resembling this. B
Clock1	Speedometer, taximeter, or stopwatch.
Clock1	person's face.
Clock1	seed-head of the dandelion.
Clock1	attain or register
Clock1	time
Clock1	with a stopwatch.
Clock1	hit.
Clock1	Night.
Clock2	Ornamental pattern on the side of a stocking or sock near the ankle.
Clockwise	In a curve corresponding in direction to that of the hands of a clock.
Clockwork	mechanism like that of a clock, with a spring and gears.
Clockwork	Driven by clockwork.
Clod	Lump of earth, clay, etc.
Cloddish	Loutish, foolish, clumsy.
Clodhopper	(usu. In
Clodhopper	Large heavy shoe.
Clog	Shoe with a thick wooden sole.
Clog	obstruct or become obstructed; choke.
Clog	impede.
Cloister	covered walk round a quadrangle, esp. In a college or ecclesiastical building.
Cloister	monastic life or seclusion.
Cloister	Seclude.
Cloister	Cloistral
Clone	a group of organisms produced asexually from one stock or ancestor.
Clone	one such organism.
Clone	Person or thing regarded as identical to another.
Clone	propagate as a clone.
Clonk	Abrupt heavy sound of impact.
Clonk	make this sound.
Clonk	Hit.
Close1	situated at a short distance or interval.
Close1	a having a strong or immediate relation or connection
Close1	in intimate friendship or association.
Close1	corresponding almost exactly
Close1	in or almost in contact
Close1	dense, compact, with no or only slight intervals.
Close1	In which competitors are almost equal.
Close1	leaving no gaps or weaknesses, rigorous
Close1	concentrated, searching.
Close1	Stuffy, humid.
Close1	closed, shut.
Close1	0 limited to certain persons etc.
Close1	1 hidden, secret; secretive.
Close1	2 niggardly.
Close1	At only a short distance or interval.
Close1	street closed at one end.
Close1	precinct of a cathedral.
Close1	Closeness
Close2	a shut.
Close2	block up.
Close2	bring or come to an end.
Close2	end the day's business.
Close2	bring or come closer or into contact.
Close2	make
Close2	Continuous.
Close2	Conclusion, end.
Close2	enclose.
Close2	come nearer.
Close2	get successively shorter. Close up
Close2	move closer.
Close2	shut.
Close2	block up.
Close2	grow smaller.
Closed book	Subject one does not understand.
Closed-circuit	transmitted by wires to a restricted set of receivers.
Closed shop	Business etc. Where employees must belong to a specified trade union.
Close harmony	Harmony in which the notes of a chord are close together.
Close-knit	Tightly interlocked; closely united in friendship.
Close season	Season when the killing of game etc. Is illegal.
Close shave	Narrow escape.
Closet	small room.
Closet	cupboard.
Closet	Secret
Closet	shut away, esp. In private conference or study.
Close-up	Photograph etc. Taken at close range.
Closure	closing.
Closure	closed state.
Closure	procedure for ending a debate and taking a vote.
Clot	thick mass of coagulated liquid etc., esp. Of blood.
Clot	Foolish person.
Clot	form into clots.
Cloth	woven or felted material.
Cloth	piece of this, esp. For a particular purpose; tablecloth, dishcloth, etc.
Cloth	fabric for clothes.
Cloth	a status, esp. Of the clergy, as shown by clothes.
Cloth	the clergy.
Clothe	(-thing; past and
Clothe	Clothed or formal clad)
Clothe	put clothes on; provide with clothes.
Clothe	cover as with clothes.
Clothes	garments worn to cover the body and limbs.
Clothes	bedclothes.
Clothes-horse	Frame for airing washed clothes.
Clothes-line	Rope etc. On which clothes are hung to dry.
Clothes-peg	Clip etc. For securing clothes to a clothes-line.
Clothier	Seller of men's clothes.
Clothing	Clothes collectively.
Clotted cream	Thick cream obtained by slow scalding.
Cloud	visible mass of condensed watery vapour floating high above the ground.
Cloud	mass of smoke or dust.
Cloud	mass of insects etc. Moving together.
Cloud	state of gloom, trouble, or suspicion.
Cloud	cover or darken with clouds or gloom or trouble.
Cloud	become overcast or gloomy.
Cloud	make unclear.
Cloud	Extremely happy. Under a cloud out of favour, under suspicion. With one's head in the clouds day-dreaming.
Cloudburst	Sudden violent rainstorm.
Cloud chamber	Device containing vapour for tracking the paths of charged particles, x-rays, and gamma rays.
Cloud-cuckoo-land	Fanciful or ideal place.
Cloudy	covered with clouds, overcast.
Cloudy	not transparent; unclear.
Cloudy	Cloudiness
Clout	heavy blow.
Clout	Influence, power of effective action.
Clout	dial. Piece of cloth or clothing.
Clout	Hit hard.
Clove1	Dried bud of a tropical plant used as a spice.
Clove2	Small segment of a compound bulb, esp. Of garlic.
Clove hitch	Knot by which a rope is secured to a spar etc.
Cloven	Split, partly divided.
Cloven hoof	divided hoof, esp. Of oxen, sheep, or goats, or of the devil.
Clover	Trefoil fodder plant.
Clown	comic entertainer, esp. In a circus.
Clown	foolish or playful person.
Clown	behave like a clown.
Cloy	Satiate or sicken with sweetness, richness, etc.
Club	heavy stick with a thick end, esp. As a weapon.
Club	stick with a head used in golf.
Club	association of persons meeting periodically for a shared activity.
Club	organization or premises offering members social amenities, meals, temporary residence, etc.
Club	a playing-card of the suit denoted by a black trefoil.
Club	) This suit.
Club	commercial organization offering subscribers special deals
Club	beat with or as with a club.
Club	combine, esp. To raise a sum of money for a purpose.
Clubbable	Sociable; fit for club membership.
Club class	Class of fare on an aircraft etc. Designed for business travellers.
Club-foot	Congenitally deformed foot.
Club-foot	Congenitally deformed foot.
Clubhouse	Premises of a
Clubhouse	club.
Clubland	Area where there are many nightclubs.
Club-root	Disease of cabbages etc. With swelling at the base of the stem.
Club sandwich	Sandwich with two layers of filling between three slices of toast or bread.
Cluck	Guttural cry like that of a hen.
Cluck	Emit cluck
Clue	fact or idea that serves as a guide, or suggests a line of inquiry, in a problem or investigation.
Clue	piece of evidence etc. In the detection of a crime.
Clue	verbal formula as a hint to what is to be inserted in a crossword.
Clue	provide a clue to.
Clue	inform. Not have a clue
Clue	Be ignorant or incompetent.
Clueless	Ignorant, stupid.
Clump	cluster or mass, esp. Of trees.
Clump	a form a clump.
Clump	heap or plant together.
Clump	walk with a heavy tread.
Clumsy	awkward in movement or shape; ungainly.
Clumsy	difficult to handle or use.
Clumsy	tactless.
Clumsy	Clumsiness
Clunk	Dull sound as of thick pieces of metal meeting.
Clunk	Make such a sound.
Cluster	Close group or bunch of similar people or things growing or occurring together.
Cluster	bring into, come into, or be in cluster
Cluster	gather.
Clutch1	seize eagerly; grasp tightly.
Clutch1	try desperately to seize.
Clutch1	tight grasp.
Clutch1	(in
Clutch1	) Grasping hands; cruel or relentless grasp or control.
Clutch1	device for connecting and disconnecting the engine and the transmission.
Clutch1	pedal operating this.
Clutch2	set of eggs for hatching.
Clutch2	brood of chickens.
Clutch bag	Slim flat handbag without handles.
Clutter	crowded and untidy collection of things.
Clutter	untidy state.
Clutter	crowd untidily, fill with clutter.
Cm	Curium.
Cm	Centimetre
Cmg	Companion
Cmg	of st michael and st george.
Cnd	Campaign for nuclear disarmament.
Co	Commanding officer.
Co	Cobalt.
Co.	company.
Co.	county.
Co- 	added to:
Co- 	nouns, with the sense ‘joint, mutual, common’
Co- 	adjectives and adverbs, with the sense ‘jointly, mutually’
Co- 	verbs, with the sense ‘together with another or others’
C/o	Care of.
Coach	single-decker bus, usu. Comfortably equipped for long journeys.
Coach	railway carriage.
Coach	closed horse-drawn carriage.
Coach	a instructor or trainer in a sport.
Coach	private tutor.
Coach	Train or teach as a coach.
Coachload	Group of tourists etc. Taken by coach.
Coachman	Driver of a horse-drawn carriage.
Coachwork	Bodywork of a road or rail vehicle.
Coagulate	change from a fluid to a semisolid.
Coagulate	clot, curdle.
Coagulate	Coagulation
Coal	hard black rock, mainly carbonized plant matter, found underground and used as a fuel.
Coal	piece of this, esp. One that is burning.
Coalesce	come together and form a whole.
Coalesce	Coalescent
Coalface	Exposed working surface of coal in a mine.
Coalfield	Extensive area yielding coal.
Coal gas	Mixed gases formerly extracted from coal and used for lighting and heating.
Coalition	temporary alliance, esp. Of political parties.
Coalition	fusion into one whole.
Coalman	Man who carries or delivers coal.
Coalman	Man who carries or delivers coal.
Coalmine	Mine in which coal is dug.
Coal-scuttle	Container for coal for a domestic fire.
Coal tar	Thick black oily liquid distilled from coal and used as a source of benzene.
Coal-tit	Small greyish bird with a black head.
Coaming	Raised border round a ship's hatches etc. To keep out water.
Coarse	rough or loose in texture; made of large particles.
Coarse	lacking refinement; crude, obscene.
Coarse	ness
Coarse fish	Freshwater fish other than salmon and trout.
Coarsen	Make or become
Coast	Border of land near the sea; seashore.
Coast	ride or move, usu. Downhill, without the use of power.
Coast	make progress without much effort.
Coast	sail along the coast.
Coaster	ship that travels along the coast.
Coaster	small tray or mat for a bottle or glass.
Coastguard	member of a group of people employed to keep watch on coasts to save life, prevent smuggling, etc.
Coastguard	such a group.
Coastline	Line of the seashore, esp. With regard to its shape.
Coat	outer garment with sleeves, usu. Extending below the hips; overcoat or jacket.
Coat	animal's fur or hair.
Coat	covering of paint etc. Laid on a surface at one time.
Coat	cover with a coat or layer.
Coat	Form a covering to.
Coating	layer of paint etc.
Coating	material for coats.
Coat of arms	Heraldic bearings or shield of a person, family, or corporation.
Coat of mail	Jacket covered with mail.
Coat-tail	Each of the flaps formed by the back of a tailcoat.
Coax	persuade gradually or by flattery.
Coax	obtain
Coax	thus.
Coax	manipulate
Coax	carefully or slowly.
Coaxial	having a common axis.
Coaxial	electr.
Coaxial	transmitting by means of two concentric conductors separated by an insulator.
Cob	roundish lump.
Cob	domed loaf.
Cob	large hazelnut.
Cob	sturdy riding-horse with short legs.
Cob	male swan.
Cobalt	silvery-white metallic element.
Cobalt	a pigment made from this.
Cobalt	its deep-blue colour.
Cobber	Austral.
Cobber	Companion, friend.
Cobble1	small rounded stone used for paving.
Cobble1	pave with cobbles.
Cobble2	mend or patch up
Cobble2	join or assemble roughly.
Cobbler	person who mends shoes professionally.
Cobbler	stewed fruit topped with scones.
Cobbler	(in
Cobbler	nonsense.
Cobol	Computer language for use in commerce.
Cobra	Venomous hooded snake of africa and asia.
Cobweb	fine network spun by a spider from liquid it secretes.
Cobweb	thread of this.
Coca	s. American shrub.
Coca	its dried leaves, chewed as a stimulant.
Cocaine	Drug from coca, used as a local anaesthetic and as a stimulant.
Coccyx	small triangular bone at the base of the spinal column.
Cochineal	scarlet dye used esp. For colouring food.
Cochineal	insects whose dried bodies yield this.
Cock1	male bird, esp. Of the domestic fowl.
Cock1	friend; fellow.
Cock1	penis.
Cock1	nonsense.
Cock1	a firing lever in a gun, raised to be released by the trigger.
Cock1	cocked position of this.
Cock1	tap or valve controlling flow.
Cock1	raise or make upright or erect.
Cock1	turn or move
Cock1	attentively or knowingly.
Cock2	Conical heap of hay or straw.
Cockade	Rosette etc. Worn in the hat as a badge.
Cock-a-doodle-doo	Cock's crow.
Cock-a-hoop	Exultant.
Cock-a-leekie	Scottish soup of boiling fowl and leeks.
Cock-and-bull story	Absurd or incredible account.
Cockatoo	Crested parrot.
Cockchafer	Large pale-brown beetle.
Cock crow	Dawn.
Cocker	small spaniel with a silky coat.
Cockerel	Young cock.
Cock-eyed	crooked, askew.
Cock-eyed	absurd, not practical.
Cock-fight	Fight between cocks as sport.
Cockle	a edible bivalve shellfish.
Cockle	its shell.
Cockle	small shallow boat.
Cockle	pucker or wrinkle in paper, glass, etc.
Cockney	native of london, esp. Of the east end.
Cockney	dialect or accent used there.
Cockney	Of cockneys or their dialect.
Cockpit	a compartment for the pilot
Cockpit	of an aircraft or spacecraft.
Cockpit	driver's seat in a racing car.
Cockpit	space for the helmsman in some yachts.
Cockpit	arena of war or other conflict.
Cockpit	place for cock-fights.
Cockroach	Flat dark-brown beetle-like insect infesting kitchens, bathrooms, etc.
Cockscomb	Crest of a cock.
Cocksure	Arrogantly confident.
Cocktail	drink made of various spirits, fruit juices, etc.
Cocktail	appetizer containing shellfish or fruit.
Cocktail	any hybrid mixture.
Cocktail dress	Short evening dress worn at a drinks party.
Cocktail stick	Small pointed stick for serving an olive, cherry, etc.
Cock-up	muddle or mistake.
Cocky	Conceited, arrogant.
Cocky	Cockiness
Coco	coconut palm.
Cocoa	powder made from crushed cacao seeds, often with other ingredients.
Cocoa	drink made from this.
Cocoa bean	Cacao seed.
Cocoa butter	Fatty substance obtained from the cocoa bean.
Coconut	Large brown seed of the coco, with a hard shell and edible white lining enclosing milky juice.
Coconut matting	Matting made of fibre from coconut husks.
Coconut shy	Fairground sideshow where balls are thrown to dislodge coconuts.
Cocoon	silky case spun by insect larvae for protection as pupae.
Cocoon	protective covering.
Cocoon	Wrap or coat in a cocoon.
Cocotte	Small fireproof dish for cooking and serving an individual portion.
Cod	Cash
Cod	on delivery.
Cod1	large sea fish.
Cod2	parody.
Cod2	hoax.
Cod2	perform a hoax.
Cod2	parody.
Cod3	nonsense.
Coda	Final additional passage of a piece or movement.
Coda	concluding section of a ballet.
Coddle	treat as an invalid; protect attentively; pamper.
Coddle	cook
Coddle	in water below boiling point.
Code	system of words, letters, symbols, etc., used to represent others for secrecy or brevity.
Code	system of prearranged signals used to ensure secrecy in transmitting messages.
Code	computing piece of program text.
Code	systematic set of laws etc.
Code	prevailing standard of moral behaviour.
Code	put into code.
Codeine	Alkaloid derived from morphine, used to relieve pain.
Codependency	Addiction to a supportive role in a relationship.
Codex	ancient manuscript text in book form.
Codex	collection of descriptions of drugs etc.
Codger	Person, esp.
Codger	strange one.
Codicil	Addition to a will.
Codify	arrange
Codify	Systematically into a code.
Codify	Codifier
Codling1	a kind of cooking apple.
Codling1	moth whose larva feeds on apples.
Codling2	Small codfish.
Cod-liver oil	Oil from cod livers, rich in vitamins d and a.
Codpiece	Hist. Bag or flap at the front of a man's breeches.
Codswallop	nonsense.
Coed	school for both sexes.
Coed	esp. Us female pupil of a coed school.
Coed	Coeducational.
Coeducation	Education of pupils of both sexes together.
Coefficient	math. Quantity placed before and multiplying an algebraic expression.
Coefficient	physics multiplier or factor by which a property is measured
Coelacanth	Large sea fish formerly thought to be extinct.
Coelenterate	Marine animal with a simple tube-shaped or cup-shaped body, e.g. Jellyfish, corals, and sea anemones.
Coeliac disease	Disease of the small intestine, brought on by contact with dietary gluten.
Coenobite	member of a monastic community.
Coequal	or literary equal.
Coerce	persuade or restrain by force.
Coerce	Coercion
Coerce	Coercive
Coexist	exist together.
Coexist	exist in mutual tolerance of each other's ideologies etc.
Coexist	Coexistent
Coextensive	Extending over the same space or time.
C. Of e.	Church of england.
Coffee	a drink made from roasted and ground beanlike seeds of a tropical shrub.
Coffee	cup of this.
Coffee	a the shrub.
Coffee	its seeds.
Coffee	pale brown.
Coffee bar	Bar or café serving coffee and light refreshments from a counter.
Coffee-mill	Small machine for grinding roasted coffee beans.
Coffee morning	Morning gathering, esp. For charity, at which coffee is served.
Coffee shop	Small informal restaurant, esp. In a hotel or department store.
Coffee-table	Small low table.
Coffee-table book	Large lavishly illustrated book.
Coffer	large strong box for valuables.
Coffer	(in
Coffer	) Treasury, funds.
Coffer	sunken panel in a ceiling etc.
Coffer-dam	Watertight enclosure pumped dry to permit work below the waterline, e.g. Building bridges etc. Or repairing a ship.
Coffin	Box in which a corpse is buried or cremated.
Cog	each of a series of projections on the edge of a wheel or bar transferring motion by engaging with another series.
Cog	unimportant member of an organization etc.
Cogent	Convincing, compelling.
Cogent	Cogently
Cogitate	ponder, meditate.
Cogitate	Cogitative
Cognac	High-quality brandy, properly that distilled in cognac in w. France.
Cognate	related to or descended from a common ancestor.
Cognate	having the same linguistic family or derivation.
Cognate	relative.
Cognate	cognate word.
Cognate object	Object related in origin and sense to its verb
Cognition	knowing, perceiving, or conceiving as an act or faculty distinct from emotion and volition.
Cognition	result of this.
Cognition	Cognitive
Cognizance	Formal
Cognizance	knowledge or awareness; perception.
Cognizance	sphere of observation or concern.
Cognizance	heraldry distinctive device or mark.
Cognizant	formal having knowledge or being aware of.
Cognomen	nickname.
Cognomen	ancient roman's third or fourth name designating a branch of a family, as in marcus tullius cicero, or as an epithet, as in p. Cornelius scipio africanus.
Cognoscente	connoisseur.
Cog-wheel	Wheel with cogs.
Cohabit	live together as husband and wife.
Cohabit	Cohabitee
Cohere	stick together, remain united.
Cohere	Be logical or consistent.
Coherent	intelligible and articulate.
Coherent	Consistent; easily followed.
Coherent	cohering.
Coherent	physics
Coherent	having a constant phase relationship.
Coherent	Coherently
Cohesion	a sticking together.
Cohesion	tendency to cohere.
Cohesion	chem. Force with which molecules cohere.
Cohort	ancient roman military unit, one-tenth of a legion.
Cohort	band of warriors.
Cohort	a persons banded together.
Cohort	group of persons with a common statistical characteristic.
Coif	Hist. Close-fitting cap.
Coiff	(usu. As coiffed
Coiff	) Dress or arrange
Coiffeur	hairdresser.
Coiffure	Hairstyle.
Coil	arrange or be arranged in spirals or concentric rings.
Coil	move sinuously.
Coil	coiled arrangement.
Coil	coiled length of rope etc.
Coil	single turn of something coiled.
Coil	flexible loop as a contraceptive device in the womb.
Coil	coiled wire for the passage of an electric current and acting as an inductor.
Coin	stamped disc of metal as official money.
Coin	Metal money.
Coin	make
Coin	by stamping.
Coin	make
Coin	into coins.
Coin	invent (esp.
Coin	new word or phrase).
Coinage	coining.
Coinage	a coins.
Coinage	system of coins in use.
Coinage	invention, esp. Of a word.
Coin-box	telephone operated by inserting coins.
Coin-box	receptacle for these.
Coincide	occur at the same time.
Coincide	occupy the same portion of space.
Coincide	agree or be identical.
Coincidence	coinciding.
Coincidence	remarkable concurrence of events etc. Apparently by chance.
Coincidental	In the nature of or resulting from a coincidence.
Coir	Coconut fibre used for ropes, matting, etc.
Coitus	Sexual intercourse.
Coitus interruptus	Sexual intercourse with withdrawal of the penis before ejaculation.
Coke1	Solid substance left after gases have been extracted from coal.
Coke1	convert
Coke1	into coke.
Coke2	cocaine.
Col.	Colonel.
Col	Depression in a chain of mountains.
Col.	Column.
Cola	w. African tree bearing seeds containing caffeine.
Cola	carbonated drink usu. Flavoured with these.
Colander	Perforated vessel used to strain off liquid in cookery.
Cold	of or at a low temperature.
Cold	not heated; cooled after heat.
Cold	feeling cold.
Cold	lacking ardour, friendliness, or affection.
Cold	a depressing, uninteresting.
Cold	suggestive of cold.
Cold	a dead. B
Cold	Unconscious.
Cold	grown faint.
Cold	far from finding what is sought.
Cold	a prevalence of low temperature.
Cold	cold weather or environment.
Cold	infection of the nose or throat with sneezing, catarrh, etc.
Cold	Unrehearsed.
Cold	Coldness
Cold-blooded	having a body temperature varying with that of the environment.
Cold-blooded	callous; deliberately cruel.
Cold-blooded	Cold-bloodedness
Cold call	Marketing call on a person who has previously not shown interest in the product.
Cold call	Visit or telephone
Cold call	in this way.
Cold chisel	Chisel for cutting metal, stone, or brick.
Cold comfort	Poor consolation.
Cold cream	Ointment for cleansing and softening the skin.
Cold feet	Loss of nerve.
Cold frame	Unheated glass-topped frame for growing small plants.
Cold fusion	Nuclear fusion at room temperature, esp. As a possible energy source.
Cold-hearted	Lacking sympathy or kindness.
Cold-hearted	Cold-heartedness
Cold shoulder	intentional unfriendliness.
Cold shoulder	be deliberately unfriendly towards.
Cold sore	Inflammation and blisters in and around the mouth, caused by a virus infection.
Cold storage	storage in a refrigerator.
Cold storage	temporary putting aside
Cold storage	, postponement.
Cold sweat	Sweating induced by fear or illness.
Cold table	Selection of dishes of cold food.
Cold turkey	abrupt withdrawal from addictive drugs.
Cold war	Hostility between nations without actual fighting.
Cole	(usu. In
Cole	) Cabbage.
Coleopteron	Insect with front wings serving as sheaths, e.g. The beetle and weevil.
Coleslaw	Dressed salad of sliced raw cabbage etc.
Coleus	Plant with variegated leaves.
Coley	any of several fish used as food, e.g. The rock-salmon.
Colic	Severe spasmodic abdominal pain.
Colitis	Inflammation of the lining of the colon.
Collaborate	work together.
Collaborate	cooperate with an enemy.
Collaborate	Collaborative
Collaborate	Collaborator
Collage	Form or work of art in which various materials are fixed to a backing.
Collagen	Protein found in animal connective tissue, yielding gelatin on boiling.
Collapse	falling down or in of a structure; folding up; giving way.
Collapse	sudden failure of a plan etc.
Collapse	physical or mental breakdown; exhaustion.
Collapse	undergo collapse.
Collapse	Lie or sit down and relax, esp. After prolonged effort.
Collapse	fold up.
Collar	neckband, upright or turned over.
Collar	band of leather etc. Round an animal's neck.
Collar	band or ring or pipe in machinery.
Collar	piece of meat rolled up and tied.
Collar	capture, seize.
Collar	Accost.
Collar	appropriate.
Collar-bone	Bone joining the breastbone and shoulder-blade.
Collate	assemble and arrange systematically.
Collate	compare
Collateral	security pledged as a guarantee for the repayment of a loan.
Collateral	person having the same ancestor as another but by a different line.
Collateral	descended from the same ancestor but by a different line.
Collateral	side by side; parallel.
Collateral	a additional but subordinate.
Collateral	contributory.
Collateral	connected but aside from the main subject, course, etc.
Collation	collating.
Collation	thing collated.
Collation	light meal.
Colleague	Fellow worker, esp. In a profession or business.
Collect1	bring or come together; assemble, accumulate.
Collect1	systematically seek and acquire, esp. As a hobby.
Collect1	obtain
Collect1	From a number of people.
Collect1	call for; fetch.
Collect1	a refl. Regain control of oneself.
Collect1	concentrate
Collect1	(as collected
Collect1	) Not perturbed or distracted.
Collect1	Us
Collect1	To be paid for by the receiver.
Collect2	Short prayer of the anglican or roman catholic church.
Collectable	Worth collecting.
Collectable	Item sought by collectors.
Collection	collecting or being collected.
Collection	things collected, esp. Systematically.
Collection	money collected, esp. At a meeting or church service.
Collective	Of, by, or relating to a group or society as a whole; joint; shared.
Collective	cooperative enterprise; its members.
Collective bargaining	Negotiation of wages etc. By an organized body of employees.
Collective farm	Jointly-operated esp. State-owned amalgamation of several smallholdings.
Collective noun	Singular noun denoting a collection or number of individuals
Collective ownership	Ownership of land etc., by all for the benefit of all.
Collectivism	Theory and practice of collective ownership of land and the means of production.
Collectivize	organize on the basis of collective ownership.
Collector	person who collects things of interest.
Collector	person who collects money etc. Due.
Collector's item	thing of interest to collectors.
Colleen	Ir. Girl.
College	establishment for further, higher, or professional education.
College	college premises
College	students and teachers in a college.
College	school.
College	organized body of persons with shared functions and privileges.
Collegiate	of, or constituted as, a college; corporate.
Collegiate	consisting of different colleges.
Collegiate church	Church endowed for a chapter of canons but without a bishop's see.
Collide	come into collision or conflict.
Collie	Sheepdog of an orig. Scottish breed.
Collier	coalminer.
Collier	a coal ship.
Collier	member of its crew.
Colliery	coalmine and its buildings.
Collision	violent impact of a moving body with another or with a fixed object.
Collision	clashing of interests etc.
Collocate	juxtapose
Collocate	With another.
Colloid	substance consisting of ultramicroscopic particles.
Colloid	mixture of such particles dispersed in another substance.
Colloquial	Of ordinary or familiar conversation, informal.
Colloquialism	colloquial word or phrase.
Colloquialism	use of these.
Colloquium	academic conference or seminar.
Colloquy	literary conversation, talk.
Collude	conspire together.
Collude	Collusive
Collywobbles	rumbling or pain in the stomach.
Collywobbles	apprehensive feeling.
Cologne	Eau-de-cologne or similar toilet water.
Colon1	Punctuation mark
Colon1	, used esp. To mark illustration or antithesis.
Colon2	Lower and greater part of the large intestine.
Colonel	Army officer in command of a regiment, ranking next below brigadier.
Colonial	of a colony or colonies.
Colonial	of colonialism.
Colonial	Inhabitant of a colony.
Colonialism	policy of acquiring or maintaining colonies.
Colonialism	derog. Exploitation of colonies.
Colonist	Settler in or inhabitant of a colony.
Colonize	establish a colony in.
Colonize	join a colony.
Colonnade	Row of columns, esp. Supporting an entablature or roof.
Colony	a settlement or settlers in a new country, fully or partly subject to the mother country.
Colony	their territory.
Colony	a people of one nationality, occupation, etc., esp. Forming a community in a city.
Colony	separate or segregated group
Colony	group of animals, plants, etc., living close together.
Colophon	publisher's imprint, esp. On the title-page.
Colophon	tailpiece in a manuscript or book, giving the writer's or printer's name, date, etc.
Color	sensation produced on the eye by rays of light when resolved as by a prism into different wavelengths.
Color	one, or any mixture, of the constituents into which light can be separated as in a spectrum or rainbow, sometimes including
Color	black and white.
Color	colouring substance, esp. Paint.
Color	use of all colours in photography etc.
Color	a pigmentation of the skin, esp. When dark.
Color	this as ground for discrimination.
Color	ruddiness of complexion.
Color	(in
Color	) Appearance or aspect
Color	(in
Color	coloured ribbon or uniform etc. Worn to signify membership of a school, club, team, etc.
Color	flag of a regiment or ship.
Color	quality, mood, or variety in music, literature, etc.
Color	0 show of reason; pretext
Color	apply colour to, esp. By painting, dyeing, etc.
Color	influence.
Color	misrepresent, exaggerate.
Color	take on colour; blush.
Colorado beetle	Yellow and black beetle, with larva destructive to the potato plant.
Coloration	appearance as regards colour.
Coloration	act or mode of colouring.
Coloratura	elaborate ornamentation of a vocal melody.
Coloratura	soprano skilled in this.
Colored	having colour.
Colored	often offens.
Colored	wholly or partly of non-white descent.
Colored	s.afr. Of mixed descent.
Colored	often offens.
Colored	coloured person.
Colored	having colour.
Colored	often offens.
Colored	wholly or partly of non-white descent.
Colored	s.afr. Of mixed descent.
Colored	often offens.
Colored	coloured person.
Colored	s.afr. Person of mixed descent.
Colored	(in
Colored	) Coloured clothing etc. For washing.
Colorful	full of colour; bright.
Colorful	full of interest; vivid.
Coloring	appearance as regards colour, esp. Facial complexion.
Coloring	use or application of colour.
Coloring	substance giving colour.
Colorless	without colour.
Colorless	lacking character or interest.
Colossal	huge.
Colossal	Splendid.
Colossus	statue much bigger than life size.
Colossus	gigantic or remarkable person etc.
Colossus	imperial power personified.
Colostomy	operation on the colon to make an opening in the abdominal wall to provide an artificial anus.
Colour	sensation produced on the eye by rays of light when resolved as by a prism into different wavelengths.
Colour	one, or any mixture, of the constituents into which light can be separated as in a spectrum or rainbow, sometimes including
Colour	black and white.
Colour	colouring substance, esp. Paint.
Colour	use of all colours in photography etc.
Colour	a pigmentation of the skin, esp. When dark.
Colour	this as ground for discrimination.
Colour	ruddiness of complexion.
Colour	(in
Colour	) Appearance or aspect
Colour	(in
Colour	coloured ribbon or uniform etc. Worn to signify membership of a school, club, team, etc.
Colour	flag of a regiment or ship.
Colour	quality, mood, or variety in music, literature, etc.
Colour	0 show of reason; pretext
Colour	apply colour to, esp. By painting, dyeing, etc.
Colour	influence.
Colour	misrepresent, exaggerate.
Colour	take on colour; blush.
Colour bar	Racial discrimination against non-white people.
Colour-blind	Unable to distinguish certain colours.
Colour code	Use of colours as a means of identification.
Colour code	identify by means of a colour code.
Coloured	having colour.
Coloured	often offens.
Coloured	wholly or partly of non-white descent.
Coloured	s.afr. Of mixed descent.
Coloured	often offens.
Coloured	coloured person.
Coloured	s.afr. Person of mixed descent.
Coloured	(in
Coloured	) Coloured clothing etc. For washing.
Colourful	full of colour; bright.
Colourful	full of interest; vivid.
Colouring	appearance as regards colour, esp. Facial complexion.
Colouring	use or application of colour.
Colouring	substance giving colour.
Colourless	without colour.
Colourless	lacking character or interest.
Colour scheme	Arrangement of colours, esp. In interior design.
Colour-sergeant	Senior sergeant of an infantry company.
Colour supplement	Magazine with colour printing, as a supplement to a newspaper.
Colposcopy	Examination of the vagina and neck of the womb.
Colt	young male horse.
Colt	sport inexperienced player.
Colter	vertical blade in front of a ploughshare.
Coltsfoot	wild plant with large leaves and yellow flowers.
Columbine	Garden plant with purple-blue flowers like a cluster of doves.
Column	pillar, usu. Of circular section and with a base and capital.
Column	column-shaped object.
Column	vertical cylindrical mass of liquid or vapour.
Column	vertical division of a printed page.
Column	part of a newspaper etc. Regularly devoted to a particular subject.
Columnist	Journalist contributing regularly to a newspaper etc.
Com- 	with, together, jointly, altogether.
Coma	prolonged deep unconsciousness.
Comatose	in a coma.
Comatose	drowsy, sleepy.
Comb	a toothed strip of rigid material for tidying the hair.
Comb	similar curved decorative strip worn in the hair.
Comb	thing like a comb, esp.
Comb	device for tidying and straightening wool etc.
Comb	red fleshy crest of a fowl, esp.
Comb	cock.
Comb	honeycomb.
Comb	draw a comb through
Comb	dress
Comb	With a
Comb	Search
Comb	thoroughly.
Comb	arrange
Comb	loosely by combing.
Comb	remove with a
Comb	search out and get rid of.
Combat	Fight, struggle, contest.
Combat	engage in combat
Combat	oppose; strive against.
Combatant	Person engaged in fighting.
Combatant	fighting.
Combatant	for fighting.
Combative	Pugnacious.
Combination	combining or being combined.
Combination	combined set of things or people.
Combination	sequence of numbers or letters used to open a combination lock.
Combination	motor cycle with a side-car attached.
Combination	(in
Combination	) Single undergarment for the body and legs.
Combination lock	Lock that can be opened only by a specific sequence of movements.
Combine	join together; unite for a common purpose.
Combine	possess
Combine	together.
Combine	form or cause to form a chemical compound.
Combine	harvest with a combine harvester.
Combine	combination of esp. Commercial interests.
Combine	machine that reaps and threshes in one operation.
Combings	pl. Hairs combed off.
Combining form	Linguistic element used in combination with another to form a word
Combo	small jazz or dance band.
Combustible	Capable of or used for burning.
Combustible	Combustible substance.
Combustion	burning.
Combustion	development of light and heat from the chemical combination of a substance with oxygen.
Come	(-ming; past came;
Come	Come)
Come	move, be brought towards, or reach a place.
Come	reach a specified situation or result
Come	reach or extend to a specified point.
Come	traverse or accomplish
Come	occur, happen;
Come	arrive in due course
Come	take or occupy a specified position in space or time
Come	become perceptible or known
Come	be available
Come	become
Come	a be descended from.
Come	be the result of
Come	Play the part of; behave like
Come	have an orgasm.
Come	When a specified time is reached
Come	4 (as
Come	) Expressing mild protest or encouragement
Come	semen ejaculated.
Come	meet or find by chance.
Come	Be effective or understood; give a specified impression. Come again
Come	make a further effort.
Comeback	return to a previous
Comeback	state.
Comeback	retaliation or retort.
Comecon	Economic association of socialist countries in e. Europe.
Comedian	humorous entertainer.
Comedian	comedy actor.
Comedian	buffoon.
Comedienne	Female comedian.
Comedown	loss of status.
Comedown	disappointment.
Comedy	a play, film, etc., of amusing character, usu. With a happy ending.
Comedy	such works as a dramatic genre.
Comedy	humour; amusing aspects.
Comedy of manners	Satirical play portraying the social behaviour of the upper classes.
Come-hither	Flirtatious, inviting.
Comely	literary handsome, good-looking.
Come-on	enticement.
Comer	Person who comes as an applicant etc.
Comestibles	pl. Formal or joc. Food.
Comet	Hazy object moving in a path about the sun, usu. With a nucleus of ice surrounded by gas and with a tail pointing away from the sun.
Comeuppance	Deserved punishment.
Comfit	sweet consisting of a nut etc. In sugar.
Comfort	a state of physical well-being.
Comfort	(usu. In
Comfort	) Things that make life easy or pleasant.
Comfort	relief of suffering or grief, consolation.
Comfort	person or thing giving consolation.
Comfort	Soothe in grief; console.
Comfortable	giving ease.
Comfortable	free from discomfort; at ease.
Comfortable	having an easy conscience.
Comfortable	a having an adequate standard of living; free from financial worry.
Comfortable	sufficient
Comfortable	a with a wide margin
Comfortable	appreciable
Comforter	person who comforts.
Comforter	baby's dummy.
Comforter	woollen scarf.
Comfortless	dreary, cheerless.
Comfortless	without comfort.
Comfort station	Us euphem. Public lavatory.
Comfrey	tall bell-flowered plant growing in damp, shady places.
Comfy	Comfortable.
Comic	of or like comedy.
Comic	funny.
Comic	comedian.
Comic	periodical in the form of comic strips.
Comic	Comically
Comic strip	Sequence of drawings telling a story.
Coming	approaching, next
Coming	of potential importance
Coming	Arrival.
Comity	formal
Comity	courtesy, friendship.
Comity	a association of nations etc.
Comity	mutual recognition by nations of the laws and customs of others.
Comma	Punctuation mark
Comma	indicating a pause or break between parts of a sentence etc.
Command	give a formal order or instruction to.
Command	Have authority or control over.
Command	have at one's disposal or within reach
Command	deserve and get
Command	dominate
Command	from a superior height; look down over.
Command	order, instruction.
Command	mastery, control, possession.
Command	exercise or tenure of authority, esp. Naval or military.
Command	a body of troops etc.
Command	district under a commander.
Commandant	Commanding officer, esp. Of a military academy.
Commandeer	seize
Commandeer	for military use.
Commandeer	take arbitrary possession of.
Commander	person who commands, esp.
Commander	naval officer next below captain.
Commander	member of a higher class in some orders of knighthood.
Commander-in-chief	supreme commander, esp. Of a nation's forces.
Commanding	exalted, impressive.
Commanding	giving a wide view.
Commanding	Substantial
Commandment	Divine command.
Command module	Control compartment in a spacecraft.
Commando	unit of shock troops.
Commando	member of this.
Command paper	Paper laid before parliament by royal command.
Command performance	Theatrical or film performance given at royal request.
Commemorate	preserve in memory by a celebration or ceremony.
Commemorate	be a memorial of.
Commemorate	Commemorative
Commence	formal begin.
Commencement	Formal beginning.
Commend	praise.
Commend	entrust, commit.
Commend	recommend.
Commendable	Praiseworthy.
Commensurable	measurable by the same standard.
Commensurable	proportionate to.
Commensurable	math.
Commensurable	in a ratio equal to the ratio of integers.
Commensurate	coextensive.
Commensurate	proportionate.
Comment	brief critical or explanatory remark or note; opinion.
Comment	commenting; criticism
Comment	make
Comment	remarks.
Comment	I decline to answer your question.
Commentary	descriptive spoken esp. Broadcast account of an event or performance as it happens.
Commentary	set of explanatory notes on a text etc.
Commentate	act as a commentator.
Commentator	person who provides a commentary.
Commentator	person who comments on current events.
Commerce	Financial transactions, esp. Buying and selling; trading.
Commercial	of or engaged in commerce.
Commercial	having financial profit as its primary aim.
Commercial	for industrial use.
Commercial	Television or radio advertisement.
Commercial broadcasting	Broadcasting financed by advertising.
Commercialism	commercial practices.
Commercialism	emphasis on financial profit.
Commercialize	exploit or spoil for profit.
Commercialize	make commercial.
Commercial traveller	Firm's representative visiting shops etc. To get orders.
Commie	derog. Communist.
Commination	Literary threatening of divine vengeance.
Commingle	literary mingle together.
Comminute	reduce to small fragments.
Comminute	divide
Comminute	into small portions.
Comminuted fracture	Fracture producing multiple bone splinters.
Commiserate	express or feel sympathy.
Commissar	Hist.
Commissar	official of the soviet communist party responsible for political education and organization.
Commissar	head of a government department in the ussr.
Commissariat	esp. Mil.
Commissariat	department for the supply of food etc.
Commissariat	food supplied.
Commissariat	hist. Government department of the ussr.
Commissary	deputy, delegate.
Commissary	us mil. Store for supplies of food etc.
Commission	a authority to perform a task etc.
Commission	person
Commission	entrusted with such authority.
Commission	task etc. Given to such person
Commission	order for something to be produced specially.
Commission	a warrant conferring the rank of officer in the armed forces.
Commission	rank so conferred.
Commission	pay or percentage paid to an agent.
Commission	act of committing
Commission	empower by commission.
Commission-agent	Bookmaker.
Commissionaire	Uniformed door-attendant.
Commissioner	person appointed by a commission to perform a specific task, e.g. The head of the london police etc.
Commissioner	member of a government commission.
Commissioner	representative of government in a district, department, etc.
Commissioner for oaths	Solicitor authorized to administer an oath in an affidavit etc.
Commit	do or make
Commit	entrust or consign for safe keeping or treatment.
Commit	send
Commit	to prison.
Commit	pledge or bind
Commit	to a certain course or policy.
Commit	(as committed
Commit	a dedicated.
Commit	obliged.
Commitment	engagement or obligation.
Commitment	committing or being committed.
Commitment	dedication; committing oneself.
Committal	Act of committing, esp. To prison.
Committee	body of persons appointed for a special function by
Committee	a larger body.
Committee	house of commons sitting as a committee.
Committee stage	Third of five stages of a bill's progress through parliament.
Commode	chamber-pot in a chair with a cover.
Commode	chest of drawers.
Commodious	Roomy.
Commodity	article of trade, esp.
Commodity	raw material or product as opposed to a service.
Commodore	naval officer above captain and below rear-admiral.
Commodore	commander of a squadron or other division of a fleet.
Commodore	president of a yacht-club.
Common	a occurring often.
Common	ordinary; without special rank or position.
Common	a shared by, coming from, more than one
Common	belonging to the whole community; public.
Common	derog. Low-class; vulgar; inferior.
Common	of the most familiar type
Common	math. Belonging to two or more quantities
Common	referring to individuals of either sex.
Common	piece of open public land.
Common	in joint use; shared.
Common	of joint interest. In common with in the same way as.
Commonality	sharing of an attribute.
Commonality	common occurrence.
Commonalty	the common people.
Commonalty	the general body
Commoner	one of the common people
Commoner	university student without a scholarship.
Common ground	Point or argument accepted by both sides in a dispute.
Common law	Unwritten law based on custom and precedent.
Common-law husband	partner recognized by common law without formal marriage.
Commonly	Usually, frequently; ordinarily.
Common market	European community.
Common noun	Name denoting a class of objects or a concept, not a particular individual.
Common or garden	Ordinary.
Common noun	Name denoting a class of objects or a concept, not a particular individual.
Common or garden	Ordinary.
Commonplace	Lacking originality; trite; ordinary.
Commonplace	event, topic, etc. That is ordinary or usual.
Commonplace	trite remark.
Common-room	Room for the social use of students or teachers at a college etc.
Commons	the common people.
Common sense	Sound practical sense.
Commonsensical	Having or marked by common sense.
Common time	Four crotchets in a bar.
Commonwealth	independent state or community, esp.
Commonwealth	democratic republic.
Commonwealth	a association of the uk with states that were previously part of the british empire.
Commonwealth	republican government of britain
Commonwealth	649–60.
Commonwealth	federation of states.
Commotion	Confused and noisy disturbance, uproar.
Communal	shared between members of a group or community; for common use.
Communal	Between esp. Ethnic or religious communities.
Commune1	group of people sharing accommodation, goods, etc.
Commune1	small district of local government in france etc.
Commune2	speak intimately.
Commune2	feel in close touch
Communicable	able to be passed on.
Communicant	person who receives holy communion.
Communicant	person who imparts information.
Communicate	impart, transmit
Communicate	succeed in conveying information.
Communicate	relate socially; have dealings.
Communicate	be connected
Communicate	Communicatory
Communication	a communicating or being communicated.
Communication	information etc. Communicated.
Communication	letter, message, etc.
Communication	connection or means of access.
Communication	social dealings.
Communication	(in
Communication	) Science and practice of transmitting information.
Communication cord	Cord or chain pulled to stop a train in an emergency.
Communication(s) satellite	Artificial satellite used to relay telephone circuits or broadcast programmes.
Communicative	Ready to talk and impart information.
Communion	sharing, esp. Of thoughts etc.; fellowship.
Communion	participation; sharing in common
Communion	eucharist.
Communion	body or group within the christian faith
Communiqué	Official communication, esp.
Communiqué	news report.
Communism	a social system in which most property is publicly owned and each person works for the common benefit.
Communism	political theory advocating this.
Communism	the form of socialist society established in cuba, china, etc., and previously, the ussr.
Communist	person advocating communism.
Communist	supporter of communism or member of a communist party.
Communist	of or relating to communism.
Communist	of communists or a communist party.
Communist party	Political party advocating communism or communism.
Community	body of people living in one place, district, or country.
Community	body of people having religion, ethnic origin, profession, etc., in common.
Community	fellowship
Community	commune.
Community	joint ownership or liability.
Community centre	Place providing social facilities for a neighbourhood.
Community charge	Tax levied locally on every adult.
Community charge	Tax levied locally on every adult.
Community home	Centre housing young offenders and other juveniles.
Community service	Unpaid work in the community, esp. By an offender.
Community singing	Singing by a large group, esp. Of old popular songs or hymns.
Community spirit	Feeling of belonging to a community, expressed in mutual support etc.
Commute	travel some distance to and from work.
Commute	change
Commute	to one less severe.
Commute	change
Commute	for another.
Commute	exchange.
Commute	Commutation
Commuter	Person who commutes to and from work.
Compact1	closely or neatly packed together.
Compact1	small and economically designed.
Compact1	concise.
Compact1	small but well-proportioned.
Compact1	Make compact.
Compact1	small flat case for face-powder.
Compact1	Compactness
Compact2	Agreement, contract.
Compact disc	Disc on which information or sound is recorded digitally and reproduced by reflection of laser light.
Companion	a person who accompanies or associates with another.
Companion	partner, sharer.
Companion	person employed to live with and assist another.
Companion	handbook or reference book.
Companion	thing that matches another.
Companion	member of some orders of knighthood.
Companionable	Sociable, friendly.
Companionship	Friendship; being together.
Companion-way	Staircase from a ship's deck to the saloon or cabins.
Company	a number of people assembled.
Company	guest
Company	person's associate
Company	a commercial business.
Company	partners in this.
Company	actors etc. Working together.
Company	subdivision of an infantry battalion.
Company	body of people combined for a common purpose
Company	being with another or others.
Comparable	able or fit to be compared.
Comparable	Comparably
Comparative	perceptible or estimated by comparison; relative
Comparative	of or involving comparison
Comparative	expressing a higher degree of a quality
Comparative	Comparative expression or word.
Compare	express similarities in; liken.
Compare	estimate the similarity of.
Compare	bear comparison.
Compare	Form comparative and superlative degrees of
Compare	Literary comparison
Comparison	comparing.
Comparison	illustration or example of similarity.
Comparison	capacity for being likened
Comparison	Positive, comparative, and superlative forms of adjectives and adverbs.
Comparison	totally different in quality.
Comparison	greatly superior; excellent.
Compartment	space within a larger space, separated by partitions.
Compartment	watertight division of a ship.
Compartment	area of activity etc. Kept apart from others in a person's mind.
Compartmental	Of or divided into compartments or categories.
Compartmentalize	divide into compartments or categories.
Compass	instrument showing the direction of magnetic north and bearings from it.
Compass	(usu. In
Compass	) Instrument for taking measurements and describing circles, with two arms connected at one end by a hinge.
Compass	circumference or boundary.
Compass	area, extent; scope; range.
Compassion	Pity inclining one to help or be merciful.
Compassionate	Showing compassion, sympathetic.
Compassionate leave	Leave granted on grounds of bereavement etc.
Compatible	a able to coexist; well-suited.
Compatible	consistent.
Compatible	Able to be used in combination.
Compatriot	Fellow-countryman.
Compel	force, constrain.
Compel	arouse irresistibly
Compel	(as compelling
Compel	) Rousing strong interest, conviction, or admiration.
Compendious	Comprehensive but brief.
Compendium	concise summary or abridgement.
Compendium	collection of table-games etc.
Compensate	recompense
Compensate	recompense
Compensate	make amends.
Compensate	counterbalance.
Compensate	offset disability or frustration by development in another direction.
Compensation	compensating or being compensated.
Compensation	money etc. Given as recompense.
Compère	Person who introduces a variety show etc.
Compère	act as compère
Compete	take part in a contest etc.
Compete	strive.
Competence	ability; being competent.
Competence	income large enough to live on.
Competence	legal capacity.
Competent	adequately qualified or capable.
Competent	effective.
Competition	competing.
Competition	event in which people compete.
Competition	the other people or trade competing; opposition.
Competitive	of or involving competition.
Competitive	Comparing favourably with those of rivals.
Competitive	having a strong urge to win.
Competitor	Person who competes; rival, esp. In business.
Compile	a collect and arrange
Compile	into a list, book, etc.
Compile	produce
Compile	Thus.
Compile	computing translate
Compile	into machine code.
Compiler	person who compiles.
Compiler	computing program for translating a programming language into machine code.
Complacent	Smugly self-satisfied or contented.
Complacent	Complacency
Complacent	Complacently
Complain	express dissatisfaction.
Complain	a say that one is suffering from
Complain	state a grievance concerning.
Complain	creak under strain.
Complainant	Plaintiff in certain lawsuits.
Complaint	complaining.
Complaint	grievance, cause of dissatisfaction.
Complaint	ailment.
Complaint	formal accusation.
Complaisant	Formal
Complaisant	deferential.
Complaisant	willing to please; acquiescent.
Complement	thing that completes; counterpart.
Complement	full number needed.
Complement	word
Complement	added to a verb to complete the predicate of a sentence.
Complement	amount by which an angle is less than
Complement	0°.
Complement	complete.
Complement	form a complement to.
Complementary	completing; forming a complement.
Complementary	complementing each other.
Complementary medicine	Alternative medicine.
Complete	having all its parts; entire.
Complete	finished.
Complete	total, in every way.
Complete	finish.
Complete	make complete.
Complete	fill in
Complete	conclude the sale or purchase of property.
Complete	Completeness
Complete	Completion
Complex	building, series of rooms, etc., made up of related parts
Complex	psychol. Group of usu. Repressed feelings or thoughts which cause abnormal behaviour or mental states.
Complex	preoccupation; feeling of inadequacy.
Complex	complicated.
Complex	consisting of related parts; composite.
Complexion	natural colour, texture, and appearance of the skin, esp. Of the face.
Complexion	aspect, character
Compliance	obedience to a request, command, etc.
Compliance	capacity to yield.
Compliant	Obedient; yielding.
Complicate	make difficult or complex.
Complicate	(as complicated
Complicate	) Complex; intricate.
Complication	a involved or confused condition or state.
Complication	complicating circumstance; difficulty.
Complication	(often in
Complication	) Disease or condition aggravating or arising out of a previous one.
Complicity	Partnership in wrongdoing.
Compliment	a polite expression of praise.
Compliment	act implying praise.
Compliment	(in
Compliment	formal greetings accompanying a present etc.
Compliment	praise.
Compliment	congratulate; praise.
Complimentary	expressing a compliment.
Complimentary	given free of charge.
Compline	last of the canonical hours of prayer.
Compline	service during this.
Comply	act in accordance
Component	Part of a larger whole.
Component	Being part of a larger whole.
Comport	refl. Literary conduct oneself; behave.
Compose	create in music or writing.
Compose	constitute; make up.
Compose	arrange artistically, neatly, or for a specified purpose.
Compose	Calm; settle.
Compose	(as composed
Compose	) Calm, self-possessed.
Compose	printing a set up
Compose	arrange
Compose	In type.
Composer	Person who composes
Composite	made up of parts.
Composite	of mixed ionic and corinthian style.
Composite	having a head of many flowers forming one bloom.
Composite	Composite thing or plant.
Composition	a act or method of putting together; composing.
Composition	thing composed, esp. Music.
Composition	constitution of a substance.
Composition	school essay.
Composition	arrangement of the parts of a picture etc.
Composition	compound artificial substance.
Compositor	Person who sets up type for printing.
Compos mentis	Sane.
Compost	mixture of decayed organic matter.
Compost	loam soil with fertilizer for growing plants.
Compost	treat with compost.
Compost	make into compost.
Composure	Tranquil manner.
Compote	Fruit preserved or cooked in syrup.
Compound1	mixture of two or more things.
Compound1	word made up of two or more existing words.
Compound1	substance formed from two or more elements chemically united in fixed proportions.
Compound1	made up of two or more ingredients or parts.
Compound1	combined; collective.
Compound1	mix or combine
Compound1	increase or complicate
Compound1	make up
Compound1	settle
Compound1	by mutual agreement.
Compound1	law condone or conceal
Compound1	for personal gain.
Compound1	law come to terms with a person.
Compound2	enclosure or fenced-in space.
Compound2	enclosure, esp. In india, china, etc., in which a factory or house stands.
Compound fracture	Fracture complicated by a wound.
Compound interest	Interest payable on capital and its accumulated interest.
Comprehend	grasp mentally; understand.
Comprehend	include.
Comprehensible	That can be understood.
Comprehension	a understanding.
Comprehension	text set as a test of understanding.
Comprehension	inclusion.
Comprehensive	including all or nearly all, inclusive.
Comprehensive	providing protection against most risks.
Comprehensive	secondary school for children of all abilities.
Comprehensive	Comprehensiveness
Compress	squeeze together.
Compress	bring into a smaller space or shorter time.
Compress	Pad of lint etc. Pressed on to part of the body to relieve inflammation, stop bleeding, etc.
Compression	compressing.
Compression	reduction in volume of the fuel mixture in an internal-combustion engine before ignition.
Compressor	Machine for compressing air or other gases.
Comprise	include.
Comprise	consist of.
Comprise	make up, compose.
Compromise	settlement of a dispute by mutual concession.
Compromise	intermediate state between conflicting opinions, actions, etc.
Compromise	a settle a dispute by mutual concession.
Compromise	modify one's opinions, demands, etc.
Compromise	bring into disrepute or danger by indiscretion.
Comptroller	Controller
Compulsion	compelling or being compelled; obligation.
Compulsion	irresistible urge.
Compulsive	compelling.
Compulsive	resulting or acting
Compulsive	from compulsion
Compulsive	irresistible
Compulsory	required by law or a rule.
Compulsory	essential.
Compulsory purchase	Enforced sale of land or property to a local authority etc.
Compunction	pricking of conscience.
Compunction	slight regret; scruple.
Compute	reckon or calculate.
Compute	use a computer.
Computer	Electronic device for storing and processing data, making calculations, or controlling machinery.
Computerize	equip with a computer.
Computerize	store, perform, or produce by computer.
Computer-literate	Able to use computers.
Computer science	The study of the principles and use of computers.
Computer virus	Self-replicating code maliciously introduced into a computer program and intended to corrupt the system or destroy data.
Comrade	associate or companion in some activity.
Comrade	fellow socialist or communist.
Comrade	Comradeship
Con1	Confidence trick.
Con1	swindle; deceive.
Con2	(usu. In
Con2	) Reason against.
Con2	Against
Con3	convict.
Con4	direct the steering of
Concatenation	Series of linked things or events.
Concave	Curved like the interior of a circle or sphere.
Conceal	keep secret.
Conceal	hide.
Concede	admit to be true.
Concede	admit defeat in.
Concede	grant
Conceit	personal vanity; pride.
Conceit	literary a far-fetched comparison.
Conceit	fanciful notion.
Conceited	Vain.
Conceivable	Capable of being grasped or imagined.
Conceive	become pregnant
Conceive	imagine, think.
Conceive	formulate
Concentrate	focus one's attention or thought.
Concentrate	bring together to one point.
Concentrate	increase the strength of
Concentrate	By removing water etc.
Concentrate	(as concentrated
Concentrate	) Intense, strong.
Concentrate	Concentrated substance.
Concentration	concentrating or being concentrated.
Concentration	mental attention.
Concentration	something concentrated.
Concentration	weight of a substance in a given amount of material.
Concentration camp	Camp where political prisoners etc. Are detained.
Concentric	Having a common centre.
Concept	General notion; abstract idea.
Conception	conceiving or being conceived.
Conception	idea, plan.
Conception	understanding
Conceptual	Of mental conceptions or concepts.
Conceptualize	form a concept or idea of.
Concern	a be relevant or important to.
Concern	relate to; be about.
Concern	interest or involve oneself.
Concern	worry, affect.
Concern	anxiety, worry.
Concern	a matter of interest or importance to one.
Concern	interest, connection
Concern	business, firm.
Concern	Complicated thing, contrivance.
Concerned	involved, interested.
Concerned	troubled, anxious.
Concerned	Concernedness
Concerning	About, regarding.
Concert	musical performance of usu. Several separate compositions.
Concert	agreement.
Concert	combination of voices or sounds.
Concerted	jointly arranged or planned.
Concerted	Arranged in parts for voices or instruments.
Concertina	Musical instrument like an accordion but smaller.
Concertina	compress or collapse in folds like those of a concertina.
Concerto	composition for solo instrument
Concerto	and orchestra.
Concert pitch	Pitch internationally agreed whereby the a above middle c =
Concert pitch	40 hz.
Concession	a conceding.
Concession	thing conceded.
Concession	reduction in price for a certain category of persons.
Concession	a right to use land etc.
Concession	right to sell goods in a particular territory.
Concessive	introducing a phrase or clause which contrasts with the main clause
Conch	thick heavy spiral shell of various marine gastropod molluscs.
Conch	any such gastropod.
Conchology	The study of shells.
Concierge	door-keeper or porter of a block of flats etc.
Conciliate	make calm and amenable; pacify; gain the goodwill of.
Conciliate	reconcile.
Conciliate	Conciliator
Conciliate	Conciliatory
Concise	Brief but comprehensive in expression.
Concise	Conciseness
Concise	Concision
Conclave	private meeting.
Conclave	rc ch.
Conclave	assembly of cardinals for the election of a pope.
Conclave	meeting-place for this.
Conclude	bring or come to an end.
Conclude	infer.
Conclude	settle
Conclusion	ending, end.
Conclusion	judgement reached by reasoning.
Conclusion	summing-up.
Conclusion	settling
Conclusion	logic proposition reached from given premisses.
Conclusive	Decisive, convincing.
Concoct	make by mixing ingredients.
Concoct	invent
Concomitant	accompanying; occurring together.
Concomitant	Accompanying thing.
Concord	Agreement, harmony.
Concordance	agreement.
Concordance	alphabetical index of words used in a book or by an author.
Concordat	Agreement, esp. Between the church and a state.
Concourse	crowd, gathering.
Concourse	large open area in a railway station etc.
Concrete	a existing in a material form; real.
Concrete	specific, definite
Concrete	denoting a material object as opposed to a quality, state, etc.
Concrete	(often
Concrete	) Mixture of gravel, sand, cement, and water, used for building.
Concrete	cover with or embed in concrete.
Concretion	hard solid mass.
Concretion	forming of this by coalescence.
Concubine	literary or joc. Mistress.
Concubine	secondary wife.
Concupiscence	Formal lust.
Concur	have the same opinion.
Concur	coincide.
Concurrent	existing or in operation at the same time or together.
Concurrent	meeting at or tending towards one point.
Concurrent	agreeing, harmonious.
Concurrent	Concurrently
Concuss	Subject to concussion.
Concussion	temporary unconsciousness or incapacity due to a blow to the head, a fall, etc.
Concussion	violent shaking.
Condemn	express utter disapproval of.
Condemn	a find guilty; convict.
Condemn	sentence to
Condemn	pronounce
Condemn	Unfit for use.
Condemn	doom or assign
Condemn	Condemnatory
Condensation	condensing or being condensed.
Condensation	condensed liquid
Condensation	abridgement.
Condense	make denser or more concentrated.
Condense	express in fewer words.
Condense	reduce or be reduced from a gas or vapour to a liquid.
Condensed milk	Milk thickened by evaporation and sweetened.
Condenser	apparatus or vessel for condensing vapour.
Condenser	electr.
Condenser	lens or system of lenses for concentrating light.
Condescend	be gracious enough
Condescend	esp. While showing one's sense of dignity or superiority
Condescend	pretend to be on equal terms with
Condescend	(as condescending
Condescend	) Patronizing.
Condescend	Condescension
Condign	Severe and well-deserved.
Condiment	Seasoning or relish for food.
Condition	stipulation; thing upon the fulfilment of which something else depends.
Condition	a state of being or fitness of a person or thing.
Condition	ailment, abnormality
Condition	(in
Condition	) Circumstances, esp. Those affecting the functioning or existence of something
Condition	a bring into a good or desired state.
Condition	make fit
Condition	teach or accustom.
Condition	a impose conditions on.
Condition	be essential to.
Conditional	dependent; not absolute; containing a condition.
Conditional	Expressing a condition.
Conditioned reflex	Reflex response to a non-natural stimulus, established by training.
Conditioner	Agent that conditions, esp. The hair.
Condole	express sympathy with
Condole	over a loss etc.
Condolence	(often in
Condolence	) Expression of sympathy.
Condom	Contraceptive sheath worn by men.
Condominium	joint rule or sovereignty.
Condominium	us building containing individually owned flats.
Condone	forgive or overlook
Condor	Large s. American vulture.
Conduce	contribute to
Conducive	contributing or helping
Conduct	behaviour.
Conduct	activity or manner of directing or managing
Conduct	lead or guide.
Conduct	direct or manage
Conduct	Be the conductor of
Conduct	transmit
Conduct	By conduction.
Conduct	refl. Behave.
Conductance	Power of a specified material to conduct electricity.
Conduction	Transmission of heat, electricity, etc. Through a substance.
Conductive	Transmitting
Conductor	person who directs an orchestra etc.
Conductor	person who collects fares in a bus etc.
Conductor	thing that conducts heat or electricity.
Conduit	channel or pipe conveying liquids.
Conduit	tube or trough protecting insulated electric wires.
Cone	solid figure with a circular
Cone	plane base, tapering to a point.
Cone	thing of similar shape.
Cone	dry fruit of a conifer.
Cone	ice-cream cornet.
Confab	= confabulation
Confabulate	converse, chat.
Confection	Dish or delicacy made with sweet ingredients.
Confectioner	Maker or retailer of confectionery.
Confectionery	Confections, esp. Sweets.
Confederacy	league or alliance, esp. Of confederate states.
Confederate	Esp. Polit. Allied.
Confederate	ally, esp.
Confederate	accomplice.
Confederate	supporter of the confederate states.
Confederate	bring or come into alliance.
Confederate states	pl. States which seceded from the us in
Confederate states	860–1.
Confederation	union or alliance, esp. Of states.
Confederation	confederating or being confederated.
Confer	grant or bestow.
Confer	converse, consult.
Conference	consultation.
Conference	meeting for discussion.
Conferment	Conferring of a degree, honour, etc.
Confess	Acknowledge or admit
Confess	admit to.
Confess	admit reluctantly.
Confess	Declare
Confess	to a priest.
Confess	hear the confession of.
Confessedly	By one's own or general admission.
Confession	a act of confessing.
Confession	thing confessed.
Confession	declaration of one's beliefs or principles.
Confessional	Enclosed stall in a church in which the priest hears confessions.
Confessional	Of confession.
Confessor	Priest who hears confessions and gives spiritual counsel.
Confetti	Small bits of coloured paper thrown by wedding guests at the bride and groom.
Confidant	person trusted with knowledge of one's private affairs.
Confide	talk confidentially to.
Confide	tell
Confide	In confidence.
Confide	entrust
Confide	To.
Confidence	firm trust.
Confidence	a feeling of reliance or certainty.
Confidence	sense of self-reliance; boldness.
Confidence	something told as a secret.
Confidence trick	Swindle in which the victim is persuaded to trust the swindler.
Confident	Feeling or showing confidence; bold.
Confidential	spoken or written in confidence.
Confidential	entrusted with secrets
Confidential	confiding.
Confidential	Confidentially
Configuration	arrangement in a particular form.
Configuration	form or figure resulting from this.
Configuration	computing hardware and its arrangement of connections etc.
Confine	keep or restrict
Confine	imprison.
Confine	(usu. In
Confine	) Limit, boundary.
Confinement	confining or being confined.
Confinement	time of childbirth.
Confirm	provide support for the truth or correctness of.
Confirm	encourage
Confirm	in
Confirm	establish more firmly
Confirm	make formally valid.
Confirm	administer the religious rite of confirmation to.
Confirmation	confirming or being confirmed.
Confirmation	rite confirming a baptized person as a member of the christian church.
Confirmed	Firmly settled in some habit or condition
Confiscate	take or seize by authority.
Conflagration	Great and destructive fire.
Conflate	blend or fuse together
Conflict	a state of opposition.
Conflict	fight, struggle.
Conflict	clashing of opposed interests etc.
Conflict	Clash; be incompatible.
Confluence	place where two rivers meet.
Confluence	a coming together.
Confluence	crowd of people.
Confluent	Flowing together, uniting.
Confluent	Stream joining another.
Conform	comply with rules or general custom.
Conform	comply with; be in accordance with.
Conform	be or make suitable.
Conformable	similar.
Conformable	consistent.
Conformable	adaptable.
Conformation	Way a thing is formed; shape.
Conformist	Person who conforms to an established practice.
Conformist	Conforming, conventional.
Conformity	accordance with established practice.
Conformity	agreement, suitability.
Confound	perplex, baffle.
Confound	confuse
Confound	defeat, overthrow.
Confound	Expressing annoyance
Confounded	Damned.
Confront	a face in hostility or defiance.
Confront	face up to and deal with.
Confront	Present itself to.
Confront	bring
Confront	face to face with
Confront	meet or stand facing.
Confront	Confrontational
Confucian	Of confucius or his philosophy.
Confuse	perplex, bewilder.
Confuse	mix up in the mind; mistake
Confuse	make indistinct
Confuse	(often as confused
Confuse	) Throw into disorder.
Confuse	Confusing
Confusion	Confusing or being confused.
Confute	prove
Confute	to be in error.
Conga	latin-american dance, with a line of dancers one behind the other.
Conga	tall narrow drum beaten with the hands.
Conga	perform the conga.
Congeal	make or become semi-solid by cooling.
Congeal	Coagulate.
Congenial	pleasant because like-minded.
Congenial	suited or agreeable.
Congenial	Congenially
Congenital	existing from birth.
Congenital	as such from birth
Conger	large marine eel.
Congeries	disorderly collection; mass, heap.
Congest	(esp. As congested
Congest	) Affect with congestion.
Congestion	Abnormal accumulation or obstruction, esp. Of traffic etc. Or of blood or mucus in part of the body.
Conglomerate	Gathered into a rounded mass.
Conglomerate	heterogeneous mass.
Conglomerate	group or corporation of merged firms.
Conglomerate	collect into a coherent mass.
Congratulate	express pleasure at the happiness, good fortune, or excellence of
Congratulate	refl. Think oneself fortunate or clever.
Congratulation	congratulating.
Congratulation	(usu. In
Congratulation	) Expression of this.
Congregate	collect or gather into a crowd.
Congregation	gathering of people, esp. For religious worship.
Congregation	body of persons regularly attending a particular church etc.
Congregational	of a congregation.
Congregational	of or adhering to congregationalism.
Congregationalism	System whereby individual churches are largely self-governing.
Congress	formal meeting of delegates for discussion.
Congress	national legislative body, esp. Of the us.
Congressman	member of the us congress.
Congruent	suitable, agreeing.
Congruent	geom.
Congruent	coinciding exactly when superimposed.
Congruent	Congruency
Congruous	Suitable, agreeing; fitting.
Conic	Of a cone.
Conical	Cone-shaped.
Conifer	Tree usu. Bearing cones.
Conjectural	Based on conjecture.
Conjecture	formation of an opinion on incomplete information; guessing.
Conjecture	guess.
Conjecture	guess.
Conjoin	Formal join, combine.
Conjoint	Formal associated, conjoined.
Conjugal	Of marriage or the relationship of husband and wife.
Conjugate	List the different forms of
Conjugate	a unite.
Conjugate	become fused.
Conjugate	joined together, paired.
Conjugate	fused.
Conjugation	System of verbal inflection.
Conjunct	Joined together; combined; associated.
Conjunction	joining; connection.
Conjunction	Word used to connect clauses or sentences or words in the same clause
Conjunction	combination
Conjunction	apparent proximity to each other of two bodies in the solar system.
Conjunctiva	mucous membrane covering the front of the eye and the lining inside the eyelids.
Conjunctive	serving to join.
Conjunctive	Of the nature of a conjunction.
Conjunctivitis	Inflammation of the conjunctiva.
Conjure	perform tricks which are seemingly magical, esp. By movements of the hands.
Conjure	summon
Conjure	to appear.
Conjure	formal appeal solemnly to.
Conjure	produce as if by magic.
Conjure	evoke.
Conjuror	performer of conjuring tricks.
Conk1	Break down.
Conk1	become exhausted and give up; fall asleep; faint; die.
Conk2	nose or head.
Conk2	punch on the nose or head.
Conk2	Hit on the nose or head.
Conker	fruit of the horse chestnut.
Conker	(in
Conker	) Children's game played with conkers on strings.
Con man	Confidence trickster.
Conn	direct the steering of
Connect	join
Connect	be joined or joinable.
Connect	associate mentally or practically.
Connect	Be timed to arrive with another, so passengers can transfer.
Connect	put into communication by telephone.
Connect	associate with others in relationships etc.
Connect	be meaningful or relevant.
Connect	Hit or strike effectively.
Connecting-rod	Rod between the piston and crankpin etc. In an internal combustion engine.
Connection	connecting or being connected.
Connection	point at which two things are connected.
Connection	link, esp. By telephone.
Connection	connecting train etc.
Connection	(often in
Connection	) Relative or associate, esp. One with influence.
Connection	relation of ideas.
Connective	Connecting, esp. Of body tissue connecting, separating, etc., organs etc.
Connector	Thing that connects.
Conning tower	superstructure of a submarine containing the periscope.
Conning tower	armoured wheel-house of a warship.
Connive	disregard or tacitly consent to
Connive	conspire.
Connoisseur	expert judge in matters of taste.
Connote	Imply in addition to the literal or primary meaning.
Connote	mean, signify.
Connote	Connotative
Connubial	Of marriage or the relationship of husband and wife.
Conquer	a overcome and control militarily.
Conquer	be victorious.
Conquer	overcome by effort.
Conquest	conquering or being conquered.
Conquest	a conquered territory.
Conquest	something won.
Conquest	person whose affection has been won.
Consanguineous	Descended from the same ancestor; akin.
Conscience	Moral sense of right and wrong, esp. As affecting behaviour.
Conscience	By any reasonable standard. On one's conscience causing one feelings of guilt. Prisoner of conscience person imprisoned by the state for his or her political or religious views.
Conscience money	Sum paid to relieve one's conscience, esp. Regarding a payment previously evaded.
Conscience-stricken	made uneasy by a bad conscience.
Conscientious	Diligent and scrupulous.
Conscientious	Conscientiousness
Conscientious objector	Person who for reasons of conscience objects to military service etc.
Conscious	awake and aware of one's surroundings and identity.
Conscious	aware, knowing.
Conscious	Realized or recognized by the doer; intentional.
Conscious	(in
Conscious	) Aware of; concerned with
Conscious	the conscious mind.
Conscious	Consciousness
Conscript	Summon for compulsory state
Conscript	service.
Conscript	Conscripted person.
Consecrate	make or declare sacred; dedicate formally to religious or divine purpose.
Consecrate	devote to
Consecutive	a following continuously.
Consecutive	in an unbroken or logical order.
Consecutive	Expressing a consequence.
Consensus	(often foll. By of; often
Consensus	) General agreement or opinion.
Consent	express willingness, give permission, agree.
Consent	Voluntary agreement, permission.
Consequence	result or effect of what has gone before.
Consequence	importance.
Consequent	following as a result or consequence.
Consequent	logically consistent.
Consequential	consequent; resulting indirectly.
Consequential	important.
Consequently	As a result; therefore.
Conservancy	body controlling a port, river, etc., or preserving the environment.
Conservancy	official environmental conservation.
Conservation	Preservation, esp. Of the natural environment.
Conservationist	Supporter of environmental conservation.
Conservation of energy	Principle that the total quantity of energy in any system that is not subject to external action remains constant.
Conservative	a averse to rapid change.
Conservative	Moderate, avoiding extremes.
Conservative	Purposely low.
Conservative	of conservatives or the conservative party.
Conservative	tending to conserve.
Conservative	conservative person.
Conservative	supporter or member of the conservative party.
Conservative party	Political party promoting free enterprise and private ownership.
Conservatoire	school of music or other arts.
Conservatory	greenhouse for tender plants, esp. Attached to a house.
Conservatory	esp. Us
Conserve	keep from harm or damage, esp. For later use.
Conserve	Fresh fruit jam.
Consider	contemplate mentally, esp. In order to reach a conclusion.
Consider	examine the merits of.
Consider	look attentively at.
Consider	take into account; show consideration or regard for.
Consider	have the opinion.
Consider	regard as.
Consider	(as considered
Consider	) Formed after careful thought
Considerable	much; a lot of
Considerable	notable, important.
Considerate	Thoughtful towards others; careful not to cause hurt or inconvenience.
Consideration	careful thought.
Consideration	thoughtfulness for others; being considerate.
Consideration	fact or thing taken into account.
Consideration	compensation; payment or reward.
Considering	In view of; taking into consideration.
Considering	Taking everything into account
Consign	hand over; deliver.
Consign	assign; commit.
Consign	transmit or send
Consign	Consignor
Consignment	consigning or being consigned.
Consignment	goods consigned.
Consist	be composed; have as ingredients.
Consist	have its essential features as specified.
Consistency	degree of density, firmness, or viscosity, esp. Of thick liquids.
Consistency	being consistent.
Consistent	compatible or in harmony.
Consistent	constant to the same principles.
Consistory	rc ch. Council of cardinals
Consolation	consoling or being consoled.
Consolation	consoling thing or person.
Consolation prize	Prize given to a competitor who just fails to win a main prize.
Console1	comfort, esp. In grief or disappointment.
Console2	panel for switches, controls, etc.
Console2	cabinet for a television etc.
Console2	cabinet with the keyboards and stops of an organ.
Console2	bracket supporting a shelf etc.
Consolidate	make or become strong or secure.
Consolidate	combine
Consolidate	Into one whole.
Consolidate	Consolidator
Consommé	Clear soup from meat stock.
Consonance	Agreement, harmony.
Consonant	speech sound in which the breath is at least partly obstructed, and which forms a syllable by combining with a vowel.
Consonant	letter
Consonant	representing this.
Consonant	consistent; in agreement or harmony.
Consort1	Wife or husband, esp. Of royalty.
Consort1	keep company.
Consort1	harmonize.
Consort2	Small group of players, singers, or instruments.
Consortium	association, esp. Of several business companies.
Conspicuous	clearly visible; attracting notice.
Conspicuous	noteworthy.
Conspiracy	secret plan to commit a crime; plot.
Conspiracy	conspiring.
Conspiracy of silence	Agreement to say nothing.
Conspirator	Person who takes part in a conspiracy.
Conspire	combine secretly for an unlawful or harmful act.
Conspire	seem to be working together.
Constable	police officer of the lowest rank.
Constable	governor of a royal castle.
Constabulary	police force.
Constancy	Being unchanging and dependable; faithfulness.
Constant	continuous
Constant	occurring frequently
Constant	unchanging, faithful, dependable.
Constant	anything that does not vary.
Constant	math.
Constant	physics quantity or number that remains the same.
Constellation	group of fixed stars.
Constellation	group of associated persons etc.
Consternation	Anxiety, dismay.
Constipate	(esp. As constipated
Constipate	) Affect with constipation.
Constipation	Difficulty in emptying the bowels.
Constituency	body of voters who elect a representative.
Constituency	area so represented.
Constituent	composing or helping to make a whole.
Constituent	able to make or change a constitution
Constituent	electing.
Constituent	member of a constituency.
Constituent	component part.
Constitute	be the components or essence of; compose.
Constitute	a amount to
Constitute	formally establish
Constitute	give legal or constitutional form to.
Constitution	act or method of constituting; composition.
Constitution	body of fundamental principles by which a state or other body is governed.
Constitution	person's inherent state of health, strength, etc.
Constitutional	of or in line with the constitution.
Constitutional	inherent
Constitutional	Walk taken regularly as healthy exercise.
Constitutional	Constitutionally
Constitutive	able to form or appoint.
Constitutive	component.
Constitutive	essential.
Constrain	compel.
Constrain	a confine forcibly; imprison.
Constrain	restrict severely.
Constrain	(as constrained
Constrain	) Forced, embarrassed.
Constraint	constraining or being constrained.
Constraint	restriction.
Constraint	self-control.
Constrict	Make narrow or tight; compress.
Constrict	Constrictive
Constrictor	snake that kills by compressing.
Constrictor	muscle that contracts an organ or part of the body.
Construct	make by fitting parts together; build, form.
Construct	geom. Delineate
Construct	Thing constructed, esp. By the mind.
Construction	constructing or being constructed.
Construction	thing constructed.
Construction	interpretation or explanation.
Construction	syntactical arrangement of words.
Constructive	a tending to form a basis for ideas.
Constructive	helpful, positive.
Constructive	derived by inference.
Construe	interpret.
Construe	combine
Construe	grammatically.
Construe	analyse the syntax of
Construe	translate literally.
Consubstantial	Theol. Of one substance.
Consubstantiation	Theol. Presence of christ's body and blood together with the bread and wine in the eucharist.
Consul	official appointed by a state to protect its citizens and interests in a foreign city.
Consul	hist. Either of two chief magistrates in ancient rome.
Consul	Consulship
Consulate	official building of a consul.
Consulate	position of consul.
Consult	seek information or advice from.
Consult	refer to a person for advice etc.
Consult	take into account
Consultancy	practice or position of a consultant.
Consultant	person providing professional advice etc.
Consultant	senior medical specialist in a hospital.
Consultation	meeting arranged to consult.
Consultation	act or process of consulting.
Consume	eat or drink.
Consume	destroy.
Consume	preoccupy, possess
Consume	use up.
Consumer	person who consumes, esp. One who uses a product.
Consumer	purchaser of goods or services.
Consumer durable	Durable household product (e.g.
Consumer durable	radio or washing-machine).
Consumer goods	pl. Goods for consumers, not for producing other goods.
Consumerism	protection of consumers' interests.
Consumerism	Continual increase in the consumption of goods.
Consummate	complete; make perfect.
Consummate	complete
Consummate	by sexual intercourse.
Consummate	Complete, perfect; fully skilled.
Consumption	consuming or being consumed.
Consumption	amount consumed.
Consumption	use by a particular group
Consumption	tuberculosis of the lungs.
Consumption	purchase and use of goods etc.
Consumptive	Suffering or tending to suffer from consumption.
Consumptive	Consumptive person.
Cont.	contents.
Cont.	continued.
Contact	state or condition of touching, meeting, or communicating.
Contact	person who is or may be communicated with for information, assistance, etc.
Contact	connection for the passage of an electric current.
Contact	person likely to carry a contagious disease through being near an infected person.
Contact	get in touch with
Contact	begin correspondence or personal dealings with.
Contact lens	Small lens placed directly on the eyeball to correct vision.
Contagion	a spreading of disease by bodily contact.
Contagion	contagious disease.
Contagion	moral corruption.
Contagious	likely to transmit a disease by contact.
Contagious	transmitted in this way.
Contagious	Likely to spread
Contain	hold or be capable of holding within itself; include, comprise.
Contain	be equal to
Contain	prevent from moving or extending.
Contain	control or restrain
Contain	be divisible by
Contain	without a remainder.
Container	box, jar, etc., for holding things.
Container	large metal box for transporting goods.
Containerize	pack in or transport by container.
Containment	Action or policy of preventing the expansion of a hostile country or influence.
Contaminate	pollute, esp. With radioactivity.
Contaminate	infect.
Contaminate	Contamination
Contaminate	Contaminator
Contemplate	survey visually or mentally.
Contemplate	regard
Contemplate	as possible.
Contemplate	intend
Contemplate	meditate.
Contemplative	Of or given to
Contemplative	contemplation; thoughtful.
Contemplative	Person devoted to religious contemplation.
Contemporaneous	existing or occurring at the same time.
Contemporary	living or occurring at the same time.
Contemporary	of approximately the same age.
Contemporary	modern in style or design.
Contemporary	contemporary person or thing.
Contempt	feeling that a person or thing deserves scorn or extreme reproach.
Contempt	condition of being held in contempt.
Contempt	disobedience to or disrespect for a court of law.
Contemptible	Deserving contempt.
Contemptuous	feeling or showing contempt.
Contend	fight, argue.
Contend	compete.
Contend	assert, maintain.
Content1	satisfied; adequately happy.
Content1	Willing.
Content1	Make content; satisfy.
Content1	Contented state; satisfaction.
Content2	(usu. In
Content2	) What is contained, esp. In a vessel, book, or house.
Content2	amount
Content2	contained
Content2	substance
Content2	As distinct from form.
Content2	capacity or volume.
Contented	Showing or feeling content; happy, satisfied.
Contented	Contentedness
Contention	dispute or argument; rivalry.
Contention	point contended for in an argument.
Contentious	quarrelsome.
Contentious	likely to cause an argument.
Contentment	Satisfied state; tranquil happiness.
Contest	contending; strife.
Contest	a competition.
Contest	dispute
Contest	contend or compete for; compete in
Contestant	Person taking part in a contest.
Context	parts that surround a word or passage and clarify its meaning.
Context	relevant circumstances.
Context	Contextualize
Contiguous	touching; in contact.
Continent1	any of the main continuous expanses of land (europe, asia, africa,
Continent1	And s. America, australia, antarctica).
Continent1	mainland of europe as distinct from the british isles.
Continent2	able to control one's bowels and bladder.
Continent2	exercising self-restraint, esp. Sexually.
Continental	of or characteristic of a continent.
Continental	of or characteristic of mainland europe.
Continental breakfast	Light breakfast of coffee, rolls, etc.
Continental quilt	Duvet.
Continental shelf	Area of shallow seabed bordering a continent.
Contingency	event that may or may not occur.
Contingency	something dependent on another uncertain event.
Contingent	conditional, dependent
Contingent	a that may or may not occur.
Contingent	fortuitous.
Contingent	body
Contingent	Forming part of a larger group.
Contingent	group of people sharing an interest, origin, etc.
Continual	Constantly or frequently recurring; always happening.
Continuance	continuing in existence or operation.
Continuance	duration.
Continuation	continuing or being continued.
Continuation	part that continues something else.
Continue	maintain, not stop
Continue	Resume or prolong
Continue	be a sequel to.
Continue	remain, stay
Continuity	state of being continuous.
Continuity	a logical sequence.
Continuity	detailed scenario of a film or broadcast.
Continuity	linking of broadcast items.
Continuo	Accompaniment providing a bass line, played usu. On a keyboard instrument.
Continuous	Uninterrupted, connected throughout in space or time.
Continuous assessment	Evaluation of a pupil's progress throughout a course of study.
Continuum	thing having a continuous structure.
Contort	Twist or force out of its normal shape.
Contortionist	Entertainer who adopts contorted postures.
Contour	outline.
Contour	line on a map joining points of equal altitude.
Contour	Mark with contour lines.
Contra	member of a counter-revolutionary force in nicaragua.
Contra-	Form against, opposite.
Contraband	smuggled goods.
Contraband	smuggling; illegal trade.
Contraband	Forbidden to be imported or exported.
Contraception	Prevention of pregnancy; use of contraceptives.
Contraceptive	Preventing pregnancy.
Contraceptive	Contraceptive device or drug.
Contract	written or spoken agreement, esp. One enforceable by law.
Contract	document recording this.
Contract	make or become smaller.
Contract	make a contract.
Contract	arrange
Contract	to be done by contract.
Contract	become affected by
Contract	enter into
Contract	incur
Contract	draw together
Contract	, or be drawn together.
Contractable	that can be contracted.
Contract bridge	Bridge in which only tricks bid and won count towards the game.
Contractible	That can be shrunk or drawn together.
Contractile	Capable of or producing contraction.
Contraction	contracting or being contracted.
Contraction	med. Shortening of the uterine muscles during childbirth.
Contraction	shrinking, diminution.
Contraction	shortened form of a word or words
Contractor	Person who makes a contract, esp. To conduct building operations.
Contractual	Of or in the nature of a contract.
Contradict	deny
Contradict	deny a statement made by
Contradict	be in opposition to or in conflict with.
Contradict	Contradictory
Contradistinction	Distinction made by contrasting.
Contraflow	Transfer of traffic from its usual half of the road to the other half by borrowing one or more of the other half's lanes.
Contralto	lowest female singing-voice.
Contralto	singer with this voice.
Contraption	Machine or device, esp.
Contraption	strange or cumbersome one.
Contrapuntal	Of or in counterpoint.
Contrariwise	on the other hand.
Contrariwise	in the opposite way.
Contrariwise	perversely.
Contrary	opposed in nature or tendency.
Contrary	perverse, self-willed.
Contrary	unfavourable, impeding.
Contrary	opposite in position or direction.
Contrary	the opposite.
Contrary	in opposition or contrast
Contrast	a juxtaposition or comparison showing differences.
Contrast	difference so revealed.
Contrast	thing or person having different qualities.
Contrast	degree of difference between the tones in a television picture or photograph.
Contrast	set together so as to reveal a contrast.
Contrast	have or show a contrast.
Contravene	infringe
Contravene	conflict with.
Contretemps	unfortunate occurrence.
Contretemps	unexpected mishap.
Contribute	give
Contribute	Towards a common purpose.
Contribute	help to bring about a result etc.
Contribute	Supply
Contribute	For publication with others.
Contribution	act of contributing.
Contribution	thing contributed.
Contributory	that contributes.
Contributory	using contributions.
Contrite	Penitent, feeling great guilt.
Contrite	Contrition
Contrivance	something contrived, esp.
Contrivance	plan or mechanical device.
Contrivance	act of contriving.
Contrive	devise; plan or make resourcefully or with skill.
Contrive	Manage.
Contrived	Artificial, forced.
Control	power of directing.
Control	power of restraining, esp. Self-restraint.
Control	means of restraint.
Control	(usu. In
Control	) Means of regulating.
Control	(usu. In
Control	) Switches and other devices by which a machine is controlled.
Control	place where something is controlled or verified.
Control	standard of comparison for checking the results of an experiment.
Control	have control of, regulate.
Control	hold in check.
Control	check, verify.
Controller	person or thing that controls.
Controller	person in charge of expenditure.
Control tower	Tall building at an airport etc. From which air traffic is controlled.
Controversial	Causing or subject to controversy.
Controversy	prolonged argument or dispute.
Controvert	Dispute, deny.
Contumacious	Stubbornly or wilfully disobedient.
Contumely	insolent language or treatment.
Contumely	disgrace.
Contuse	bruise.
Conundrum	riddle, esp. One with a pun in its answer.
Conundrum	hard question.
Conurbation	Extended urban area, esp. Consisting of several towns and merging suburbs.
Convalesce	recover health after illness.
Convalescent	Recovering from an illness.
Convalescent	Convalescent person.
Convection	Heat transfer by upward movement of a heated and less dense medium.
Convector	Heating appliance that circulates warm air by convection.
Convene	summon or arrange
Convene	assemble.
Convener	person who convenes a meeting.
Convener	senior trade union official at a workplace.
Convenience	state of being convenient; suitability.
Convenience	useful thing.
Convenience	advantage.
Convenience	lavatory, esp.
Convenience	public one.
Convenience food	Food requiring little preparation.
Convenient	a serving one's comfort or interests.
Convenient	suitable.
Convenient	free of trouble or difficulty.
Convenient	available or occurring at a suitable time or place.
Convenient	well situated
Convent	religious community, esp. Of nuns, under vows.
Convent	premises occupied by this.
Conventicle	Esp. Hist. Secret or unlawful religious meeting, esp. Of dissenters.
Convention	a general agreement on social behaviour etc. By implicit majority consent.
Convention	a custom or customary practice.
Convention	conference of people with a common interest.
Convention	a formal agreement, esp. Between states.
Conventional	depending on or according with convention.
Conventional	bound by social conventions.
Conventional	usual; of agreed significance.
Conventional	not spontaneous or sincere or original.
Conventional	Non-nuclear.
Conventional	Conventionality
Conventional	. Conventionally
Converge	come together or towards the same point.
Converge	approach from different directions.
Converge	Convergent
Conversant	well acquainted with.
Conversation	informal spoken communication.
Conversation	instance of this.
Conversational	of or in conversation.
Conversational	colloquial.
Conversationalist	Person good at or fond of conversation.
Converse1	talk.
Converse2	Opposite, contrary, reversed.
Converse2	Something, esp.
Converse2	statement or proposition, that is opposite or reversed.
Conversion	converting or being converted.
Conversion	converted building or part of this.
Convert	change in form or function.
Convert	cause
Convert	to change belief etc.
Convert	change
Convert	Into others of a different kind.
Convert	make structural alterations in
Convert	for a new purpose.
Convert	Rugby score extra points from
Convert	by a successful kick at the goal.
Convert	person converted to a different belief etc.
Convertible	Able to be converted.
Convertible	Car with a folding or detachable roof.
Convex	Curved like the exterior of a circle or sphere.
Convey	transport or carry
Convey	communicate
Convey	transfer the title to
Convey	transmit
Conveyance	conveying or being conveyed.
Conveyance	means of transport; vehicle.
Conveyance	law a transfer of property.
Conveyance	document effecting this.
Conveyance	(in sense
Conveyance	). Conveyancing
Conveyance	(in sense
Conveyor	person or thing that conveys.
Conveyor belt	Endless moving belt for conveying articles, esp. In a factory.
Convict	prove to be guilty
Convict	declare guilty by a legal process.
Convict	Chiefly hist. Person serving a prison sentence.
Conviction	convicting or being convicted.
Conviction	a being convinced.
Conviction	firm belief.
Convince	firmly persuade.
Convince	Convincing
Convince	Convincingly
Convivial	Fond of good company; sociable and lively.
Convocation	convoking or being convoked.
Convocation	large formal gathering.
Convoke	formal call together; summon to assemble.
Convoluted	coiled, twisted.
Convoluted	complex.
Convolution	coiling.
Convolution	coil or twist.
Convolution	complexity.
Convolution	sinuous fold in the surface of the brain.
Convolvulus	twining plant, esp. Bindweed.
Convoy	Group of ships, vehicles, etc., travelling together or under escort.
Convoy	Escort, esp. With armed force.
Convulse	affect with convulsions.
Convulse	cause to laugh uncontrollably.
Convulse	Convulsively
Convulsion	(usu. In
Convulsion	) Violent irregular motion of the limbs or body caused by involuntary contraction of muscles.
Convulsion	violent disturbance.
Convulsion	(in
Convulsion	) Uncontrollable laughter.
Cony	rabbit fur.
Coo	Soft murmuring sound as of a dove.
Coo	emit a coo.
Coo	talk or say in a soft or amorous voice.
Coo	expressing surprise or disbelief.
Cooee	Call used to attract attention.
Cook	prepare
Cook	by heating it.
Cook	undergo cooking.
Cook	Falsify
Cook	Be happening or about to happen.
Cook	Person who cooks, esp. Professionally or in a specified way
Cook	Concoct
Cookbook	Us cookery book.
Cook-chill	Sold in pre-cooked and refrigerated form.
Cooker	appliance or vessel for cooking food.
Cooker	fruit
Cooker	suitable for cooking.
Cookery	Art or practice of cooking.
Cookery book	Book containing recipes.
Cookie	sweet biscuit.
Cookie	Person
Cool	of or at a fairly low temperature, fairly cold.
Cool	suggesting or achieving coolness.
Cool	calm, unexcited.
Cool	lacking enthusiasm.
Cool	unfriendly
Cool	calmly audacious.
Cool	At least
Cool	esp. Us marvellous.
Cool	coolness.
Cool	cool air or place.
Cool	calmness, composure.
Cool	make or become cool.
Cool	relax, calm down.
Cool	Coolness
Coolant	Cooling agent, esp. Fluid.
Cool-bag	insulated container for keeping food cool.
Cooler	vessel in which a thing is cooled.
Cooler	us refrigerator.
Cooler	prison cell.
Coolie	Unskilled native labourer in eastern countries.
Cooling-off period	Interval to allow for a change of mind.
Cooling tower	Tall structure for cooling hot water before reuse, esp. In industry.
Coomb	valley on the side of a hill.
Coomb	short valley running up from the coast.
Coon	us racoon.
Coon	offens. Black.
Coop	Cage for keeping poultry.
Coop	confine
Co-op	Cooperative society or shop.
Cooper	Maker or repairer of casks, barrels, etc.
Cooperate	work or act together.
Cooperate	be helpful and do as one is asked.
Cooperative	willing to cooperate.
Cooperative	of or characterized by cooperation.
Cooperative	owned and run jointly by its members, with profits shared.
Cooperative	Cooperative farm, society, or business.
Co-opt	Appoint to membership of a body by invitation of the existing members.
Co-opt	Co-optive
Coordinate	cause
Coordinate	To function together efficiently.
Coordinate	work or act together effectively.
Coordinate	Equal in rank or importance.
Coordinate	math. Each of a system of values used to fix the position of a point, line, or plane.
Coordinate	(in
Coordinate	) Matching items of clothing.
Coordinate	Coordinator
Coot	black aquatic bird with a white horny plate on its forehead.
Coot	Stupid person.
Cop	police officer.
Cop	capture or arrest
Cop	catch or arrest
Cop	receive, suffer.
Cop	take, seize.
Cop	withdraw; give up.
Cop	go back on a promise. Not much cop of little value or use.
Copal	Resin of a tropical tree, used for varnish.
Copartner	Partner or associate.
Cope1	deal effectively or contend; manage.
Cope2	Priest's long cloaklike vestment.
Cope2	cover with a cope or coping.
Copeck	russian coin worth one-hundredth of a rouble.
Copernican system	Theory that the planets
Copernican system	move round the sun.
Copier	Machine that copies
Copilot	Second pilot in an aircraft.
Coping	Top
Coping	course of masonry in a wall.
Coping saw	D-shaped saw for cutting curves in wood.
Coping-stone	Stone used in coping.
Copious	abundant.
Copious	producing much.
Cop-out	Cowardly evasion.
Copper1	malleable red-brown metallic element.
Copper1	bronze coin.
Copper1	large metal vessel for boiling esp. Laundry.
Copper1	Made of or coloured like copper.
Copper1	Cover with copper.
Copper2	police officer.
Copper beech	Variety of beech with copper-coloured leaves.
Copper-bottomed	having a bottom sheathed with copper.
Copper-bottomed	genuine or reliable.
Copperhead	Venomous
Copperhead	American or australian snake.
Copperplate	a polished copper plate for engraving or etching.
Copperplate	print made from this.
Copperplate	ornate style of handwriting.
Coppice	Area of undergrowth and small trees.
Copra	Dried coconut-kernels.
Copt	native egyptian in the hellenistic and roman periods.
Copt	native christian of the independent egyptian church.
Coptic	Language of the copts.
Coptic	Of the copts.
Copula	connecting word, esp. Part of the verb be connecting subject and predicate.
Copulate	have sexual intercourse.
Copy	thing made to imitate another.
Copy	single specimen of a publication or issue.
Copy	material to be printed, esp. Regarded as good etc. Reading matter
Copy	make a copy of.
Copy	imitate, do the same as.
Copybook	book containing models of handwriting for learners to imitate.
Copybook	tritely conventional.
Copybook	exemplary.
Copycat	Person who copies another, esp. Slavishly.
Copyist	Person who makes
Copyist	copies.
Copyright	Exclusive legal right to print, publish, perform, film, or record material.
Copyright	Protected by copyright.
Copyright	Secure copyright for
Copy-typist	Typist who types from documents rather than dictation.
Copywriter	Person who writes or prepares advertising copy for publication.
Coq au vin	Casserole of chicken pieces in wine.
Coquette	Woman who flirts.
Coquette	. Coquettish
Cor	expressing surprise etc.
Coracle	Small boat of wickerwork covered with watertight material.
Coral	Hard red, pink, or white calcareous substance secreted by marine polyps for support and habitation.
Coral	red or pink, like coral.
Coral	made of coral.
Coral island	island
Coral island	formed by the growth of coral.
Coralline	Seaweed with a hard jointed stem.
Coralline	Of or like coral.
Cor anglais	alto woodwind instrument of the oboe family.
Corbel	Projection of stone, timber, etc., jutting out from a wall to support a weight.
Cord	a flexible material like thick string, made from twisted strands.
Cord	piece of this.
Cord	similar structure in the body.
Cord	a ribbed fabric, esp. Corduroy.
Cord	) Corduroy trousers.
Cord	electric flex.
Cord	fasten or bind with cord.
Cord	(as corded
Cord	ribbed.
Cordial	heartfelt.
Cordial	friendly.
Cordial	Fruit-flavoured drink.
Cordial	Cordially
Cordite	Smokeless explosive.
Cordless	usable without a power cable because working from an internal source of energy or battery.
Cordon	line or circle of police, soldiers, guards, etc., esp. Preventing access.
Cordon	ornamental cord or braid.
Cordon	fruit-tree trained to grow as a single stem.
Cordon	enclose or separate with a cordon of police etc.
Cordon sanitaire	guarded line between infected and uninfected districts.
Cordon sanitaire	measure designed to prevent the spread of undesirable influences.
Corduroy	thick cotton fabric with velvety ribs.
Corduroy	(in
Corduroy	) Corduroy trousers.
Core	horny central part of certain fruits, containing the seeds.
Core	central or most important part of anything (also
Core	: core curriculum).
Core	inner central region of the earth.
Core	part of a nuclear reactor containing fissile material.
Core	hist. Structural unit in a computer, storing one bit of data
Core	inner strand of an electric cable.
Core	piece of soft iron forming the centre of an electromagnet or induction coil.
Core	remove the core from.
Co-respondent	Person cited in a divorce case as having committed adultery with the respondent.
Corgi	dog of a short-legged breed with a foxlike head.
Coriander	aromatic plant.
Coriander	its seeds used for flavouring.
Corinthian	of ancient corinth in southern greece.
Corinthian	archit. Of the order characterized by ornate decoration and acanthus leaves.
Cork	buoyant light-brown bark of a s. European oak.
Cork	bottle-stopper of cork etc.
Cork	float of cork.
Cork	Made of cork.
Cork	stop or confine.
Cork	restrain
Corkage	Charge made by a restaurant etc. For serving a customer's own wine etc.
Corked	stopped with a cork.
Corked	spoilt by a decayed cork.
Corker	excellent person or thing.
Corkscrew	spiral device for extracting corks from bottles.
Corkscrew	(often
Corkscrew	) Thing with a spiral shape.
Corkscrew	Move spirally; twist.
Corm	Underground swollen stem base of some plants.
Cormorant	Diving sea bird with black plumage.
Corn1	a cereal before or after harvesting, esp. The chief crop of a region.
Corn1	grain or seed of a cereal plant.
Corn1	Something corny or trite.
Corn2	Small tender area of horny skin, esp. On the toe.
Corn-cob	Cylindrical centre of a maize ear on which the grains grow.
Corncrake	Rail inhabiting grassland and nesting on the ground.
Corn dolly	Figure of plaited straw.
Cornea	Transparent circular part of the front of the eyeball.
Corned	preserved in salt or brine.
Cornelian	dull red variety of chalcedony.
Corner	place where converging sides or edges meet.
Corner	projecting angle, esp. Where two streets meet.
Corner	internal space or recess formed by the meeting of two sides, esp. Of a room.
Corner	difficult position, esp. One with no escape.
Corner	secluded place.
Corner	region or quarter, esp.
Corner	remote one.
Corner	action or result of buying or controlling the whole stock of a commodity.
Corner	boxing
Corner	wrestling corner of the ring where a contestant rests between rounds.
Corner	football
Corner	hockey free kick or hit from the corner of a pitch.
Corner	force into a difficult or inescapable position.
Corner	establish a corner in
Corner	go round a corner.
Cornerstone	a stone in the projecting angle of a wall.
Cornerstone	foundation-stone.
Cornerstone	indispensable part or basis.
Cornet	brass instrument resembling a trumpet but shorter and wider.
Cornet	conical wafer for holding ice-cream.
Cornflake	(in
Cornflake	) Breakfast cereal of toasted maize flakes.
Cornflake	flake of this cereal.
Cornflour	Fine-ground flour, esp. Of maize or rice.
Cornflower	Plant with deep-blue flowers originally growing among corn.
Cornice	Ornamental moulding, esp. Round a room just below the ceiling or as the topmost part of an entablature.
Cornish	Of cornwall.
Cornish	Celtic language of cornwall.
Cornish pasty	Pastry envelope containing meat and vegetables.
Corn on the cob	Maize cooked and eaten from the corn-cob.
Cornucopia	horn overflowing with flowers, fruit, and corn, as a symbol of plenty.
Cornucopia	abundant supply.
Corny	banal.
Corny	feebly humorous.
Corny	sentimental.
Corny	Corniness
Corolla	Whorl of petals forming the inner envelope of a flower.
Corollary	proposition that follows from one already proved.
Corollary	natural consequence.
Corona	a halo round the sun or moon.
Corona	gaseous envelope of the sun, seen as an area of light around the moon during a total solar eclipse.
Corona	anat. Crownlike structure.
Corona	crownlike outgrowth from the inner side of a corolla.
Corona	glow around an electric conductor.
Coronary	Anat. Resembling or encircling like a crown.
Coronary artery	Artery supplying blood to the heart.
Coronary thrombosis	Blockage caused by a blood clot in a coronary artery.
Coronation	Ceremony of crowning a sovereign or consort.
Coroner	Official holding inquests on deaths thought to be violent or accidental.
Coronet	small crown.
Coronet	circlet of precious materials, esp. As a headdress.
Corpora	Of *corpus.
Corporal1	Non-commissioned army or air-force officer ranking next below sergeant.
Corporal2	Of the human body.
Corporal punishment	Physical punishment.
Corporate	forming a corporation.
Corporate	of, belonging to, or united in a group.
Corporation	group of people authorized to act as an individual, esp. In business.
Corporation	municipal authorities of a borough, town, or city.
Corporation	joc. Large stomach.
Corporative	of a corporation.
Corporative	governed by or organized in corporations.
Corporeal	Bodily, physical, material.
Corporeal	Corporeally
Corps	a body of troops with special duties
Corps	main subdivision of an army in the field.
Corps	body of people engaged in a special activity
Corps de ballet	Group of ensemble dancers in a ballet.
Corpse	Dead body.
Corpulent	Physically bulky, fat.
Corpus	body or collection of writings, texts, etc.
Corpuscle	Minute body or cell in an organism, esp. (in
Corpuscle	) The red or white cells in the blood of vertebrates.
Corral	us pen for cattle, horses, etc.
Corral	enclosure for capturing wild animals.
Corral	put or keep in a corral.
Correct	true, accurate.
Correct	proper, in accordance with taste or a standard.
Correct	set right; amend.
Correct	mark errors in.
Correct	substitute a right thing for
Correct	a admonish
Correct	punish
Correct	counteract
Correct	adjust
Correct	Correctness
Correct	Corrector
Correction	correcting or being corrected.
Correction	thing substituted for what is wrong.
Correction	punishment.
Correctitude	Consciously correct behaviour.
Corrective	Serving to correct or counteract something harmful.
Corrective	Corrective measure or thing.
Correlate	have or bring into a mutual relation or dependence.
Correlate	Each of two related or complementary things.
Correlative	having a mutual relation.
Correlative	corresponding to each other and used together
Correlative	Correlative word or thing.
Correspond	be similar or equivalent.
Correspond	be in agreement, not contradict.
Correspond	exchange letters.
Correspondence	agreement or similarity.
Correspondence	a exchange of letters.
Correspondence	letters.
Correspondence course	Course of study conducted by post.
Correspondent	person who writes letters.
Correspondent	person employed to write or report for a newspaper or for broadcasting etc.
Corridor	passage giving access into rooms.
Corridor	passage in a train giving access into compartments.
Corridor	strip of territory of one state passing through that of another.
Corridor	route which an aircraft must follow, esp. Over a foreign country.
Corridors of power	pl. Places where covert influence is said to be exerted in government.
Corrigendum	error to be corrected.
Corrigible	able to be corrected.
Corrigible	submissive.
Corroborate	confirm or give support to
Corroborate	Corroborative
Corroborate	Corroborator
Corrode	a wear away, esp. By chemical action.
Corrode	decay.
Corrode	destroy gradually.
Corrosion	corroding or being corroded.
Corrosion	corroded area.
Corrugate	(esp. As corrugated
Corrugate	) Form into alternate ridges and grooves, esp. To strengthen
Corrupt	dishonest, esp. Using bribery.
Corrupt	immoral; wicked.
Corrupt	Made unreliable by errors or alterations.
Corrupt	Make or become corrupt.
Corrupt	Corruptibility
Corrupt	Corruption
Corrupt	Corruptive
Corrupt	Corruptly
Corrupt	Corruptness
Corsage	Small bouquet worn by women.
Corsair	pirate ship.
Corsair	pirate.
Corselette	Combined corset and bra.
Corset	Closely-fitting undergarment worn to shape the body or to support it after injury.
Cortège	Procession, esp. For a funeral.
Cortex	outer part of an organ, esp. Of the brain or kidneys.
Cortisone	Hormone used esp. In treating inflammation and allergy.
Corundum	Extremely hard crystallized alumina, used esp. As an abrasive.
Coruscate	sparkle.
Corvette	small naval escort-vessel.
Corvette	hist. Warship with one tier of guns.
Corymb	Flat-topped cluster of flowers with the outer flower-stalks proportionally longer.
Cos1	Lettuce with crisp narrow leaves.
Cos2	Cosine.
Cos3	Because.
Cosec	Cosecant.
Cosecant	Math. Ratio of the hypotenuse
Cosecant	to the side opposite an acute angle.
Cosh1	Heavy blunt weapon.
Cosh1	Hit with a cosh.
Cosh2	Hyperbolic cosine.
Co-signatory	person or state signing a treaty etc. Jointly with others.
Cosine	Ratio of the side adjacent to an acute angle
Cosine	to the hypotenuse.
Cosmetic	beautifying, enhancing.
Cosmetic	superficially improving or beneficial.
Cosmetic	imitating, restoring, or enhancing normal appearance.
Cosmetic	Cosmetic preparation, esp. For the face.
Cosmic	of the cosmos or its scale; universal
Cosmic	of or for space travel.
Cosmic rays	pl. High-energy radiations from space etc.
Cosmogony	origin of the universe.
Cosmogony	theory about this.
Cosmology	Science or theory of the universe.
Cosmology	Cosmologist
Cosmonaut	Soviet astronaut.
Cosmopolitan	of, from, or knowing many parts of the world.
Cosmopolitan	free from national limitations or prejudices.
Cosmopolitan	Cosmopolitan person.
Cosmos	The universe as a well-ordered whole.
Cossack	Member of a people of southern russia.
Cosset	pamper.
Cost	(past and
Cost	Cost)
Cost	be obtainable for
Cost	; have as a price.
Cost	involve as a loss or sacrifice
Cost	(past and
Cost	Costed) fix or estimate the cost of.
Cost	what a thing costs; price.
Cost	loss or sacrifice.
Cost	(in
Cost	) Legal expenses.
Costal	Of the ribs.
Cost-effective	Effective in relation to its cost.
Costermonger	Person who sells produce from a barrow.
Costing	Estimation of cost
Costive	Constipated.
Costly	costing much; expensive.
Cost of living	Level of prices esp. Of basic necessities.
Cost price	Price paid for a thing by one who later sells it.
Costume	style of dress, esp. Of a particular place or time.
Costume	set of clothes.
Costume	clothing for a particular activity
Costume	actor's clothes for a part.
Costume	provide with a costume.
Costume jewellery	Artificial jewellery.
Costumier	Person who makes or deals in costumes.
Cosy	comfortable and warm; snug.
Cosy	cover to keep a teapot etc. Hot.
Cosy	Cosiness
Cot1	small bed with high sides for a baby.
Cot1	small light bed.
Cot2	small shelter; cote.
Cot2	poet. Cottage.
Cot3	Cotangent.
Cotangent	Ratio of the side adjacent to an acute angle
Cotangent	to the opposite side.
Cot-death	Unexplained death of a sleeping baby.
Cote	Shelter for animals or birds.
Coterie	Exclusive group of people sharing interests.
Cotoneaster	Shrub bearing usu. Bright red berries.
Cottage	Small simple house, esp. In the country.
Cottage cheese	Soft white lumpy cheese made from skimmed milk curds.
Cottage industry	Business activity carried on at home.
Cottage pie	Dish of minced meat topped with mashed potato.
Cottager	Person who lives in a cottage.
Cotter	bolt or wedge for securing parts of machinery etc.
Cotter	split pin that can be opened after passing through a hole.
Cotton	soft white fibrous substance covering the seeds of certain plants.
Cotton	such a plant.
Cotton	thread or cloth from this.
Cotton	Begin to understand.
Cotton wool	Fluffy wadding of a kind orig. Made from raw cotton.
Cotyledon	Embryonic leaf in seed-bearing plants.
Couch1	upholstered piece of furniture for several people; sofa.
Couch1	long padded seat with a headrest at one end.
Couch1	express in
Couch1	lie, esp. In its lair.
Couch2	a grass with long creeping roots.
Couchette	railway carriage with seats convertible into sleeping-berths.
Couchette	berth in this.
Couch potato	person who likes lazing at home.
Cougar	Us puma.
Cough	expel air etc. From the lungs with a sudden sharp sound.
Cough	Make a similar sound.
Cough	confess.
Cough	act of coughing.
Cough	condition of respiratory organs causing coughing.
Cough	eject with coughs.
Cough	bring out or give
Cough	reluctantly.
Cough mixture	Liquid medicine to relieve a cough.
Couldn't	Could not.
Coulomb	Si unit of electric charge.
Coulter	vertical blade in front of a ploughshare.
Council	a advisory, deliberative, or administrative body.
Council	meeting of such a body.
Council	a local administrative body of a parish, district, town, etc.
Council	Provided by a local council
Councillor	Member of a
Councillor	council.
Council tax	Proposed new local tax based on the value of a property and the number of people living in it, to replace the community charge.
Counsel	advice, esp. Formally given.
Counsel	consultation for advice.
Counsel	legal adviser, esp.
Counsel	barrister; body of these.
Counsel	advise
Counsel	give esp. Professional advice to
Counsel	on personal problems.
Counsel	recommend
Counsel	consult.
Counsellor	adviser.
Counsellor	person giving professional guidance on personal problems.
Counsellor	us barrister.
Counsel of perfection	Ideal but impracticable advice.
Counselor	adviser.
Counselor	person giving professional guidance on personal problems.
Counselor	us barrister.
Count1	determine the total number of, esp. By assigning successive numbers.
Count1	repeat numbers in ascending order.
Count1	include or be included in one's reckoning or plan.
Count1	consider or regard to be
Count1	have value; matter
Count1	a counting or being counted.
Count1	total of reckoning.
Count1	law each charge in an indictment.
Count1	count while taking from a stock.
Count1	complete a count of ten seconds over
Count1	Exclude, disregard.
Count1	polit. Procure the adjournment of
Count1	when fewer than
Count1	0 members are present. Count up find the sum of. Keep count take note of how many there have been etc. Lose count forget the number etc. Counted. Out for the count
Count1	defeated.
Count1	unconscious; asleep.
Count2	Foreign noble corresponding to an earl.
Countable	that can be counted.
Countable	that can form a plural or be used with the indefinite article.
Countdown	act of counting backwards to zero, esp. At the launching of a rocket etc.
Countdown	period immediately before an event.
Countenance	the face or facial expression.
Countenance	composure.
Countenance	moral support.
Countenance	support, approve.
Composure.	moral support.
Composure.	support, approve.
Counter1	long flat-topped fitment in a shop etc., across which business is conducted.
Counter1	a small disc for playing or scoring in board-games etc.
Counter1	token representing a coin.
Counter1	apparatus for counting.
Counter2	a oppose, contradict.
Counter2	meet by countermove.
Counter2	boxing give a return blow while parrying.
Counter2	In the opposite direction or manner.
Counter2	Opposite.
Counter2	Parry; countermove.
Counter-	Form denoting:
Counter-	retaliation, opposition, or rivalry
Counter-	opposite direction
Counter-	correspondence
Counteract	Hinder or neutralize by contrary action.
Counteract	Counteractive
Counter-attack	Attack in reply to a preceding attack.
Counter-attack	Attack in reply.
Counterbalance	Weight or influence balancing another.
Counterbalance	act as a counterbalance to.
Counter-clockwise	Us
Counter-espionage	Action taken against enemy spying.
Counterfeit	Made in imitation; not genuine; forged.
Counterfeit	forgery or imitation.
Counterfeit	Imitate fraudulently; forge.
Counterfoil	Part of a cheque, receipt, etc., retained by the payer as a record.
Countermand	revoke
Countermand	recall by a contrary order.
Countermand	Order revoking a previous one.
Countermeasure	Action taken to counteract a danger, threat, etc.
Countermove	Move or action in opposition to another.
Counterpane	Bedspread.
Counterpart	person or thing like another or forming the complement or equivalent to another.
Counterpart	duplicate.
Counterpoint	a art or practice of combining melodies according to fixed rules.
Counterpoint	melody combined with another.
Counterpoint	contrasting argument, plot, literary theme, etc.
Counterpoise	counterbalance.
Counterpoise	state of equilibrium.
Counterpoise	counterbalance.
Counter-productive	Having the opposite of the desired effect.
Counter-revolution	Revolution opposing a former one or reversing its results.
Countersign	Add a signature to
Countersign	password spoken to a person on guard.
Countersign	mark used for identification etc.
Countersink	(past and
Countersink	-sunk)
Countersink	shape
Countersink	so that a screw or bolt can be inserted flush with the surface.
Countersink	sink
Countersink	In such a hole.
Counter-tenor	male alto singing-voice.
Counter-tenor	singer with this voice.
Countervail	Literary
Countervail	counterbalance.
Countervail	oppose, usu. Successfully.
Counterweight	Counterbalancing weight.
Countess	wife or widow of a count or earl.
Countess	woman holding the rank of count or earl.
Countless	Too many to be counted.
Countrified	Rustic in manner or appearance.
Country	territory of a nation; state.
Country	(often
Country	) Rural districts as opposed to towns or the capital.
Country	land of a person's birth or citizenship.
Country	region with regard to its aspect, associations, etc.
Country	national population, esp. As voters.
Country-and-western	Type of folk music originated by whites in the southern us.
Country club	Sporting and social club in a rural setting.
Country dance	Traditional dance, esp. English, usu. With couples facing each other in lines.
Countryman	person living in a rural area.
Countryman	person of one's own country.
Countryside	Rural areas.
Country-wide	Extending throughout a nation.
County	territorial division in some countries, forming the chief unit of local administration.
County	us political and administrative division of a state.
County	Of or like the gentry.
County council	Elected governing body of an administrative county.
County court	Judicial court for civil cases.
County town	Administrative capital of a county.
Coup	successful stroke or move.
Coup de grâce	Finishing stroke.
Coup d'état	violent or illegal seizure of power.
Coupe	car with a hard roof, two doors, and usu.
Coupe	sloping rear.
Coupé	car with a hard roof, two doors, and usu.
Coupé	sloping rear.
Couple	a two
Couple	about two
Couple	a two people who are married to, or in a sexual relationship with, each other.
Couple	pair of partners in a dance etc.
Couple	link together.
Couple	associate in thought or speech.
Couple	copulate.
Couplet	Two successive lines of verse, usu. Rhyming and of the same length.
Coupling	link connecting railway carriages etc.
Coupling	device for connecting parts of machinery.
Coupon	form etc. As an application for a purchase etc.
Coupon	entry form for a football pool or other competition.
Coupon	discount voucher given with a purchase.
Courage	Ability to disregard fear; bravery.
Courageous	Brave.
Courgette	Small vegetable marrow.
Courier	person employed to guide and assist tourists.
Courier	special messenger.
Course	onward movement or progression.
Course	direction taken
Course	stretch of land or water for races; golf-course.
Course	series of lessons etc. In a particular subject.
Course	each successive part of a meal.
Course	sequence of medical treatment etc.
Course	line of conduct.
Course	continuous horizontal layer of masonry, brick, etc.
Course	channel in which water flows.
Course	run, esp. Fast.
Course	Use hounds to hunt
Courser	Poet. Swift horse.
Court	a judicial body hearing legal cases.
Court	quadrangular area for games
Court	a yard surrounded by houses with entry from the street.
Court	a the residence, retinue, and courtiers of a sovereign.
Court	sovereign and councillors, constituting the ruling power.
Court	assembly held by a sovereign; state reception.
Court	attention paid to a person whose favour etc. Is sought
Court	a try to win affection or favour of.
Court	pay amorous attention to.
Court	seek to win
Court	invite
Court	by one's actions.
Court	without reaching trial.
Court	not worthy of consideration.
Court-card	Playing-card that is a king, queen, or jack.
Courteous	Polite, considerate.
Courteous	Courteousness
Courtesan	Prostitute, esp. One with wealthy or upper-class clients.
Courtesy	courteous behaviour or act.
Courtesy light	Light in a car switched on by opening a door.
Court-house	building in which a judicial court is held.
Court-house	us building containing the administrative offices of a county.
Courtier	Person who attends a sovereign's court.
Courtly	dignified, refined.
Court martial	judicial court trying members of the armed services.
Court martial	try by this.
Court order	Direction issued by a court or judge.
Courtroom	Room in which a court of law meets.
Courtship	courting, wooing.
Courtship	courting behaviour of animals, birds, etc.
Court shoe	Woman's light, usu. High-heeled, shoe with a low-cut upper.
Courtyard	Area enclosed by walls or buildings.
Couscous	African dish of crushed wheat or
Couscous	flour steamed over broth, often with meat or fruit added.
Cousin	child of one's uncle or aunt.
Cousin	person of a kindred race or nation.
Couture	Design and manufacture of fashionable clothes.
Couturier	Fashion designer.
Cove1	small bay or creek.
Cove1	sheltered recess.
Cove1	moulding, esp. At the junction of a wall and a ceiling.
Cove1	provide
Cove1	With a cove.
Cove1	slope
Cove1	inwards.
Cove2	fellow, chap.
Coven	Assembly of witches.
Covenant	agreement; contract.
Covenant	law sealed contract, esp.
Covenant	deed of covenant.
Covenant	bibl. Agreement between god and the israelites.
Covenant	Agree, esp. By legal covenant.
Cover	protect or conceal with a cloth, lid, etc.
Cover	a extend over; occupy the whole surface of.
Cover	strew thickly or thoroughly.
Cover	lie over.
Cover	a protect; clothe.
Cover	(as covered
Cover	) Wearing a hat; having a roof.
Cover	include; comprise; deal with.
Cover	travel
Cover	describe as a reporter.
Cover	be enough to defray
Cover	a refl. Take measures to protect oneself.
Cover	stand in for.
Cover	a aim a gun etc. At.
Cover	Command
Cover	protect
Cover	By being able to return fire.
Cover	0 a esp. Cricket stand behind
Cover	to stop any missed balls.
Cover	mark
Cover	Copulate with.
Cover	thing that covers, esp.: a lid.
Cover	book's binding.
Cover	either board of this.
Cover	envelope or wrapping
Cover	shelter.
Cover	a pretence; screen.
Cover	pretended identity.
Cover	mil. Supporting force protecting an advance party from attack.
Cover	a funds, esp. Obtainable from insurance to meet a liability or secure against loss.
Cover	insurance protection
Cover	person acting as a substitute.
Cover	place-setting at table.
Cover	cricket
Coverage	area or amount covered.
Coverage	amount of publicity received by an event etc.
Coverall	Esp. Us
Coverall	thing that covers entirely.
Coverall	(usu. In
Coverall	) Full-length protective garment.
Cover charge	Service charge per head in a restaurant, nightclub, etc.
Cover girl	Female model appearing on magazine covers etc.
Covering letter	explanatory letter sent with an enclosure.
Coverlet	Bedspread.
Cover note	Temporary certificate of insurance.
Cover-point	Cricket
Cover-point	fielding position covering point.
Cover-point	fielder at this position.
Cover story	News story in a magazine that is advertised etc. On the front cover.
Covert	Secret or disguised
Covert	shelter, esp.
Covert	thicket hiding game.
Covert	feather covering the base of a bird's flight-feather.
Cover-up	Concealment of facts.
Covet	desire greatly (esp.
Covet	thing belonging to another person).
Covetous	coveting; grasping.
Covey	brood of partridges.
Covey	small group of people.
Cow1	fully grown female of any esp. Domestic bovine animal, used as a source of milk and beef.
Cow1	female of other large animals, esp. The elephant, whale, and seal.
Cow1	derog.
Cow1	woman.
Cow2	Intimidate or dispirit.
Coward	Person who is easily frightened.
Cowardice	Lack of bravery.
Cowardly	of or like a coward; lacking courage.
Cowardly	done against one who cannot retaliate.
Cowbell	Bell worn round a cow's neck.
Cowboy	person who tends cattle, esp. In the western us.
Cowboy	Unscrupulous or incompetent person in business.
Cower	Crouch or shrink back in fear or distress.
Cowherd	Person who tends cattle.
Cowhide	cow's hide.
Cowhide	leather or whip made from this.
Cowl	monk's cloak.
Cowl	hood-shaped covering of a chimney or ventilating shaft.
Cow-lick	Projecting lock of hair.
Cowling	Removable cover of a vehicle or aircraft engine.
Co-worker	Person who works with another.
Cow-parsley	Hedgerow plant with lacelike umbels of flowers.
Cow-pat	Flat round piece of cow-dung.
Cowpox	Disease of cows, whose virus was formerly used in smallpox vaccination.
Cowrie	tropical mollusc with a bright shell.
Cowrie	its shell as money in parts of africa and s. Asia.
Co-write	Write with another person.
Cowslip	Primula with small yellow flowers.
Cox	Coxswain, esp. Of a racing-boat.
Cox	Act as cox
Coxcomb	Ostentatiously conceited man.
Coxswain	person who steers, esp.
Coxswain	rowing-boat.
Coxswain	senior petty officer in a small ship.
Coxswain	Act as coxswain
Coy	affectedly shy.
Coy	irritatingly reticent.
Coy	Coyness
Coyote	American wolflike wild dog.
Coypu	aquatic beaver-like rodent native to s. America.
Cozen	Literary
Cozen	cheat, defraud.
Cozen	beguile.
Cozen	act deceitfully.
Cozy	comfortable and warm; snug.
Cozy	cover to keep a teapot etc. Hot.
Cozy	Cosiness
C.p.	Candlepower.
Cpl.	Corporal.
Cps	computing characters per second.
Cps	sci. Cycles per second.
Cpu	Computing central processing unit.
Cr	Chromium.
Crab1	a ten-footed crustacean, with the first pair of legs as pincers.
Crab1	crab as food.
Crab1	sign or constellation cancer.
Crab1	(often in
Crab1	) Parasitic louse transmitted sexually to esp. Pubic hair.
Crab1	machine for hoisting heavy weights.
Crab2	small sour apple.
Crab2	tree
Crab2	bearing this.
Crab2	sour person.
Crab3	criticize; grumble.
Crab3	spoil.
Crabbed	ill-formed; illegible.
Crabby	irritable, morose.
Crabby	Crabbiness
Crabwise	adj. Sideways or backwards.
Crack	a sharp explosive noise.
Crack	sudden harshness or change in vocal pitch.
Crack	sharp blow.
Crack	a narrow opening; break or split.
Crack	chink.
Crack	Joke or malicious remark.
Crack	Attempt.
Crack	crystalline form of cocaine broken into small pieces.
Crack	break without separating the parts.
Crack	make or cause to make a sharp explosive sound.
Crack	break with a sharp sound.
Crack	give way or cause to give way
Crack	change pitch sharply; break.
Crack	Find the solution to.
Crack	tell
Crack	Hit sharply.
Crack	(as cracked
Crack	) Crazy.
Crack	0 break
Crack	into
Crack	pieces.
Crack	Excellent; first-rate
Crack	Take severe measures against. Crack of dawn daybreak. Crack up
Crack	collapse under strain.
Crack	praise. Get cracking
Crack	Begin promptly and vigorously.
Crack-brained	Crazy.
Crack-down	Severe measures
Cracker	paper cylinder pulled apart, esp. At christmas, with a sharp noise and releasing a hat, joke, etc.
Cracker	loud firework.
Cracker	(usu. In
Cracker	) Instrument for cracking.
Cracker	thin dry savoury biscuit.
Cracker	attractive or admirable person.
Cracker	us biscuit.
Crackers	crazy.
Cracking	excellent.
Cracking	Fast and exciting.
Cracking	Outstandingly.
Crackle	make repeated slight cracking sound
Crackle	Such a sound.
Crackling	Crisp skin of roast pork.
Cracknel	Light crisp biscuit.
Crackpot	Eccentric person.
Crackpot	Mad, unworkable.
Crack-up	Mental breakdown.
-cracy	Form denoting a particular form of government etc.
Cradle	a baby's bed or cot, esp. On rockers.
Cradle	place in which something begins, esp. Civilization
Cradle	supporting framework or structure.
Cradle	contain or shelter as in a cradle.
Cradle	place in a cradle.
Cradle-snatcher	admirer or lover of a much younger person.
Cradle-song	Lullaby.
Craft	special skill or technique.
Craft	occupation needing this.
Craft	a boat or vessel.
Craft	aircraft or spacecraft.
Craft	cunning or deceit.
Craft	Make in a skilful way.
Craftsman	skilled worker.
Craftsman	person who practises a craft.
Crafty	cunning, artful, wily.
Crafty	Craftiness
Crag	Steep or rugged rock.
Craggy	Rugged; rough-textured.
Crake	Bird of the rail family, esp. The corncrake.
Cram	a fill to bursting; stuff.
Cram	Force
Cram	in or into.
Cram	prepare intensively for an examination.
Cram	feed to excess.
Crammer	Person or institution that crams pupils for examinations.
Cramp	painful involuntary muscular contraction.
Cramp	metal bar with bent ends for holding masonry etc. Together.
Cramp	affect with cramp.
Cramp	confine narrowly.
Cramp	restrict.
Cramp	fasten with a cramp.
Cramped	too small.
Cramped	small and with the letters close together.
Crampon	(usu. In
Crampon	) Spiked iron plate fixed to a boot for climbing on ice.
Crampoon	(usu. In
Crampoon	) Spiked iron plate fixed to a boot for climbing on ice.
Cranberry	shrub with small red acid berries.
Cranberry	this berry used in cookery.
Crane	machine with a long projecting arm for moving heavy objects.
Crane	tall wading bird with long legs, neck, and bill.
Crane	Stretch out
Crane	in order to see something.
Crane-fly	Two-winged long-legged fly: also called *daddy-long-legs.
Cranesbill	Wild geranium.
Cranium	skull.
Cranium	part of the skeleton enclosing the brain.
Cranium	Craniology
Crank	part of an axle or shaft bent at right angles for converting reciprocal into circular motion or vice versa.
Crank	eccentric person.
Crank	Cause to move by means of a crank.
Crankcase	Case enclosing a crankshaft.
Crankpin	Pin by which a connecting-rod is attached to a crank.
Crankshaft	Shaft driven by a crank.
Cranky	Eccentric.
Cranky	working badly; shaky.
Cranky	esp. Us crotchety.
Cranky	Crankiness
Cranny	chink, crevice.
Crap	(often as
Crap	) Nonsense, rubbish.
Crap	faeces.
Crap	defecate.
Crape	Crêpe, usu. Of black silk, formerly used for mourning.
Craps	pl. Us
Craps	gambling dice game.
Crapulent	Suffering the effects of drunkenness.
Crapulent	Crapulous
Crash1	make a loud smashing noise.
Crash1	throw, drive, move, or fall with a loud smash.
Crash1	collide or fall, or cause
Crash1	To collide or fall, violently; overturn at high speed.
Crash1	collapse financially.
Crash1	Gatecrash.
Crash1	computing
Crash1	fail suddenly.
Crash1	Pass
Crash1	sleep, esp. On a floor etc.
Crash1	loud and sudden smashing noise.
Crash1	violent collision or fall, esp. Of a vehicle.
Crash1	ruin, esp. Financial.
Crash1	computing sudden failure of a machine or system.
Crash1	Done rapidly or urgently
Crash1	With a crash
Crash2	plain fabric of linen, cotton, etc.
Crash barrier	Barrier at the side or centre of a road etc.
Crash-dive	dive hastily in an emergency.
Crash-dive	dive and crash.
Crash-dive	cause to crash-dive.
Crash-dive	Such a dive.
Crash-helmet	Helmet worn esp. By motor cyclists.
Crashing	Overwhelming
Crash-land	Land or cause
Crash-land	To land hurriedly with a crash.
Crass	Gross; grossly stupid.
Crass	Crassness
-crat	Form member or supporter of a type of government etc.
Crate	slatted wooden case etc. For conveying esp. Fragile goods.
Crate	old aircraft or other vehicle.
Crate	pack in a crate.
Crater	mouth of a volcano.
Crater	bowl-shaped cavity, esp. That made by a shell or bomb.
Crater	hollow on the surface of a planet or moon, caused by impact.
Crater	Form a crater in.
-cratic	Form
-cratic	denoting a type of government etc.
-cratic	Form forming adverbs.
Cravat	Man's scarf worn inside an open-necked shirt.
Crave	long or beg for.
Craven	Cowardly, abject.
Craving	Strong desire or longing.
Craw	Crop of a bird or insect.
Crawfish	large marine spiny lobster.
Crawl	move slowly, esp. On hands and knees or with the body close to the ground etc.
Crawl	walk or move slowly.
Crawl	Behave obsequiously.
Crawl	be or appear to be covered or filled with crawling or moving things or people.
Crawl	creep.
Crawl	crawling.
Crawl	slow rate of movement.
Crawl	high-speed overarm swimming stroke.
Crayfish	small lobster-like freshwater crustacean.
Crayfish	crawfish.
Crayon	Stick or pencil of coloured chalk, wax, etc.
Crayon	Draw with crayons.
Craze	(usu. As crazed
Craze	) Make insane
Craze	produce fine surface cracks on
Craze	; develop such cracks.
Craze	usu. Temporary enthusiasm
Craze	object of this.
Crazy	Insane or mad; foolish.
Crazy	Extremely enthusiastic.
Crazy	Made up of irregular pieces.
Crazy	Craziness
Creak	Harsh scraping or squeaking sound.
Creak	make a creak.
Creak	a move stiffly or with a creaking noise.
Creak	be poorly constructed
Creaky	liable to creak.
Creaky	a stiff or frail.
Creaky	decrepit, outmoded.
Cream	fatty part of milk.
Cream	its yellowish-white colour.
Cream	creamlike cosmetic etc.
Cream	food or drink like or containing cream.
Cream	best part of something.
Cream	take cream from
Cream	make creamy.
Cream	treat
Cream	With cosmetic cream.
Cream	form a cream or scum.
Cream	Pale yellowish white.
Cream cheese	Soft rich cheese made from cream and unskimmed milk.
Creamer	cream-substitute for adding to coffee.
Creamer	jug for cream.
Creamery	factory producing butter and cheese.
Creamery	dairy.
Cream of tartar	Purified tartar, used in medicine, baking powder, etc.
Cream soda	Carbonated vanilla-flavoured soft drink.
Cream tea	Afternoon tea with scones, jam, and cream.
Creamy	like cream.
Creamy	rich in cream.
Creamy	Creaminess
Crease	line caused by folding or crushing.
Crease	cricket line marking the position of a bowler or batsman.
Crease	make creases in.
Crease	develop creases.
Crease	make or become incapable through laughter.
Create	bring into existence; cause.
Create	originate
Create	invest with rank
Create	make a fuss.
Creation	creating or being created.
Creation	god's creating of the universe.
Creation	all created things, the universe.
Creation	product of the imagination, art, fashion, etc.
Creative	inventive, imaginative.
Creative	able to create.
Creative	Creativeness
Creative	Creativity
Creator	person who creates.
Creator	god.
Creature	any living being, esp. An animal.
Creature	person of a specified kind
Creature	subservient person.
Creature comforts	pl. Good food, warmth, etc.
Crèche	Day nursery.
Credence	Belief.
Credential	(usu. In
Credential	certificates, references, etc., attesting to a person's education, character, etc.
Credential	letter
Credential	of introduction.
Credibility	being credible.
Credibility	reputation, status.
Credibility gap	Apparent difference between what is said and what is true.
Credible	Believable or worthy of belief.
Credit	source of honour, pride, etc.
Credit	acknowledgement of merit.
Credit	good reputation.
Credit	belief or trust.
Credit	a person's financial standing, esp. As regards money in the bank etc.
Credit	power to obtain goods etc. Before payment.
Credit	(usu. In
Credit	) Acknowledgement of a contributor's services to a film etc.
Credit	grade above pass in an examination.
Credit	reputation for solvency and honesty in business.
Credit	a entry in an account of a sum paid into it.
Credit	sum entered.
Credit	side of an account recording such entries.
Credit	0 educational course counting towards a degree.
Credit	believe
Credit	enter on the credit side of an account.
Creditable	Bringing credit or honour.
Credit card	Plastic card from a bank etc. Authorizing the purchase of goods on credit.
Credit note	Note with a specific monetary value given by a shop etc. For goods returned.
Creditor	Person to whom a debt is owing.
Credit rating	Estimate of a person's suitability for commercial credit.
Creditworthy	Considered suitable to receive commercial credit.
Credo	creed.
Credulous	Too ready to believe; gullible.
Credulous	Credulously
Creed	set of principles or beliefs.
Creed	system of religious belief.
Creed	formal summary of christian doctrine.
Creek	a inlet on a sea-coast.
Creek	short arm of a river.
Creek	esp. Us, austral.,
Creek	nz tributary of a river; stream.
Creek	in difficulties.
Creek	crazy.
Creel	Fisherman's large wicker basket.
Creep	(past and
Creep	Crept)
Creep	move with the body prone and close to the ground.
Creep	move stealthily or timidly.
Creep	advance very gradually
Creep	Act obsequiously in the hope of advancement.
Creep	grow along the ground or up a wall etc.
Creep	(as creeping
Creep	) Developing slowly and steadily.
Creep	shiver or shudder from fear, horror, etc.
Creep	act or spell of creeping.
Creep	(in
Creep	; prec. By the)
Creep	Feeling of revulsion or fear.
Creep	unpleasant person.
Creep	Gradual change of shape under stress.
Creeper	climbing or creeping plant.
Creeper	bird that climbs, esp. The treecreeper.
Creeper	soft-soled shoe.
Creepy	Feeling or causing horror or fear.
Creepy	Creepiness
Creepy-crawly	Small crawling insect etc.
Cremate	burn
Cremate	To ashes.
Crematorium	place where corpses are cremated.
Crème	liqueur
Crème brûlée	Baked cream or custard pudding coated with caramel.
Crème caramel	Custard coated with caramel.
Crème de cassis	Blackcurrant liqueur.
Crème de la crème	Best part; élite.
Crème de menthe	Peppermint liqueur.
Crenelate	provide
Crenelate	With battlements.
Crenellate	provide
Crenellate	With battlements.
Creole	a descendant of european settlers in the w. Indies or central or s. America.
Creole	white descendant of french settlers in the southern us.
Creole	person of mixed european and black descent.
Creole	language formed from a european language and another
Creole	language.
Creole	of creoles.
Creole	of creole origin etc.
Creosote	dark-brown oil distilled from coal tar, used as a wood-preservative.
Creosote	oily fluid distilled from wood tar, used as an antiseptic.
Creosote	treat with creosote.
Crêpe	fine gauzy wrinkled fabric.
Crêpe	thin pancake with a savoury or sweet filling.
Crêpe	hard-wearing wrinkled sheet rubber used for the soles of shoes etc.
Crêpe	Crêpy
Crêpe de chine	Fine silk crêpe.
Crêpe paper	Thin crinkled paper.
Crêpe suzette	Small dessert pancake flamed in alcohol.
Crepuscular	a of twilight.
Crepuscular	dim.
Crepuscular	zool. Appearing or active in twilight.
Cres.	Crescent.
Crescendo	Gradual increase in loudness.
Crescendo	progress towards a climax.
Crescendo	Increasing in loudness.
Crescent	curved sickle shape as of the waxing or waning moon.
Crescent	thing of this shape, esp.
Crescent	street forming an arc.
Crescent	Crescent-shaped.
Cress	Any of various plants with pungent edible leaves.
Crest	a comb or tuft etc. On a bird's or animal's head.
Crest	plume etc. On a helmet etc.
Crest	top of a mountain, wave, roof, etc.
Crest	heraldry a device above a coat of arms.
Crest	such a device on writing-paper etc.
Crest	reach the crest of.
Crest	provide with a crest or serve as a crest to.
Crest	form a crest.
Crestfallen	Dejected, dispirited.
Cretaceous	of or like chalk.
Cretaceous	geol. Of the last period of the mesozoic era, with deposits of chalk.
Cretaceous	geol. This era or system.
Cretin	deformed and mentally retarded person, esp. As the result of thyroid deficiency.
Cretin	Stupid person.
Cretin	Cretinous
Cretonne	(often
Cretonne	) Heavy cotton upholstery fabric, usu. With a floral pattern.
Crevasse	Deep open crack, esp. In a glacier.
Crevice	Narrow opening or fissure, esp. In rock etc.
Crew1	(often treated as
Crew1	a people manning a ship, aircraft, train, etc.
Crew1	these as distinct from the captain or officers.
Crew1	people working together; team.
Crew1	Gang.
Crew1	supply or act as a crew or crew member for.
Crew1	act as a crew.
Crew cut	Close-cropped hairstyle.
Crewel	Thin worsted yarn for tapestry and embroidery.
Crewel-work	Design in crewel.
Crew neck	Round close-fitting neckline.
Crib	a baby's small bed or cot.
Crib	model of the nativity with a manger.
Crib	rack for animal fodder.
Crib	translation of a text used by students.
Crib	plagiarized work etc.
Crib	cribbage.
Crib	set of cards given to the dealer at cribbage.
Crib	Copy unfairly.
Crib	confine in a small space.
Crib	Pilfer.
Cribbage	Card-game for up to four players.
Crick	Sudden painful stiffness, esp. In the neck.
Crick	Cause this in.
Cricket1	Team game played on a grass pitch, with bowling at a wicket defended by a batting player of the other team.
Cricket1	Unfair behaviour.
Cricket2	Grasshopper-like chirping insect.
Cri de cœur	passionate appeal, protest, etc.
Crier	person who cries.
Crier	official making public announcements in a lawcourt or street.
Crikey	expression of astonishment.
Crime	a offence punishable by law.
Crime	illegal acts
Crime	evil act
Crime	Shameful act.
Criminal	Person guilty of a crime.
Criminal	of, involving, or concerning crime.
Criminal	guilty of crime.
Criminal	law of or concerning criminal offences
Criminal	Scandalous, deplorable.
Criminal	Criminally
Criminology	The study of crime.
Crimp	press into small folds; corrugate.
Crimp	make waves in
Crimp	Crimped thing or form.
Crimplene	Propr. Synthetic crease-resistant fabric.
Crimson	Of a rich deep red.
Crimson	This colour.
Cringe	shrink in fear; cower.
Cringe	behave obsequiously.
Crinkle	Wrinkle or crease.
Crinkle	form crinkles
Crinkle-cut	with wavy edges.
Crinoline	hist. Stiffened or hooped petticoat.
Crinoline	stiff fabric of horsehair etc. Used for linings, hats, etc.
Cripple	Permanently lame person.
Cripple	make a cripple of; lame.
Cripple	disable, weaken, or damage seriously
Crisis	time of danger or great difficulty.
Crisis	decisive moment; turning-point.
Crisp	hard but brittle.
Crisp	bracing.
Crisp	lively, brisk and decisive.
Crisp	Neat, clear-cut.
Crisp	stiff and crackling.
Crisp	closely curling.
Crisp	potato sliced thinly, fried, and sold in packets.
Crisp	Make or become crisp.
Crisp	Crispness
Crispbread	thin crisp biscuit of crushed rye etc.
Crispbread	these collectively
Crispy	crisp.
Criss-cross	Pattern of crossing lines.
Criss-cross	Crossing; in cross lines.
Criss-cross	Crosswise; at cross purposes.
Criss-cross	a intersect repeatedly.
Criss-cross	move crosswise.
Criss-cross	mark or make with a criss-cross pattern.
Criterion	principle or standard of judgement.
Critic	person who criticizes.
Critic	person who reviews literary, artistic, etc. Works.
Critical	a fault-finding, censorious.
Critical	expressing or involving criticism.
Critical	skilful at or engaged in criticism.
Critical	providing textual criticism
Critical	a of or at a crisis; dangerous, risky
Critical	decisive, crucial
Critical	a math.
Critical	physics marking a transition from one state etc. To another
Critical	maintaining a self-sustaining chain reaction.
Critical	Criticalness
Critical path	Sequence of stages determining the minimum time needed for an operation.
Criticism	a fault-finding; censure.
Criticism	critical remark etc.
Criticism	a work of a critic.
Criticism	analytical article, essay, etc.
Criticize	find fault with; censure.
Criticize	discuss critically.
Critique	Critical analysis.
Croak	Deep hoarse sound, esp. Of a frog.
Croak	utter or speak with a croak.
Croak	die.
Croaky	croaking; hoarse.
Croaky	Croakiness
Croat	a native of croatia in se europe.
Croat	person of croatian descent.
Croat	slavonic dialect of the croats.
Croat	Of the croats or their dialect.
Crochet	Needlework in which yarn is hooked to make a lacy patterned fabric.
Crochet	Make using crochet.
Crock1	Old or worn-out person or vehicle.
Crock2	earthenware pot or jar.
Crock2	broken piece of this.
Crockery	Earthenware or china dishes, plates, etc.
Crocodile	a large tropical amphibious reptile with thick scaly skin, a long tail, and long jaws.
Crocodile	(often
Crocodile	) Its skin.
Crocodile	Line of schoolchildren etc. Walking in pairs.
Crocodile tears	pl. Insincere grief.
Crocus	small plant with white, yellow, or purple flowers, growing from a corm.
Croesus	Person of great wealth.
Croft	enclosed piece of
Croft	land.
Croft	small rented farm in scotland or
Croft	England.
Croft	Farm a croft; live as a crofter.
Crofter	Person who farms a croft.
Crohn's disease	Chronic inflammatory disease of the alimentary tract.
Croissant	Crescent-shaped breakfast roll.
Cromlech	dolmen.
Cromlech	prehistoric stone circle.
Crone	Withered old woman.
Crony	friend, companion.
Crook	hooked staff of a shepherd or bishop.
Crook	a bend, curve, or hook.
Crook	hooked or curved thing.
Crook	Rogue; swindler; criminal.
Crook	Bend, curve.
Crooked	not straight or level; bent.
Crooked	Not straightforward; dishonest, criminal.
Crooked	Crookedness
Croon	Sing, hum, or say in a low sentimental voice.
Croon	Such singing etc.
Crop	a produce of cultivated plants, esp. Cereals.
Crop	season's yield.
Crop	group, yield, etc., of one time or place
Crop	handle of a whip.
Crop	a very short haircut.
Crop	cropping of hair.
Crop	pouch in a bird's gullet where food is prepared for digestion.
Crop	a cut off.
Crop	bite off.
Crop	cut
Crop	Short.
Crop	sow or plant
Crop	with a crop.
Crop	bear a crop.
Crop circle	Circle of crops that has been inexplicably flattened.
Crop-eared	With the ears
Crop-eared	or hair cut short.
Cropper	Crop-producing plant of a specified quality.
Cropper	fall heavily; fail badly.
Croquet	lawn game in which wooden balls are driven through hoops with mallets.
Croquet	act of croqueting a ball.
Croquet	drive away
Croquet	by placing and then striking one's own against it.
Croquette	Ball of breaded and fried mashed potato etc.
Crosier	bishop's ceremonial hooked staff.
Cross	upright post with a transverse bar, as used in antiquity for crucifixion.
Cross	cross on which christ was crucified.
Cross	representation of this as an emblem of christianity.
Cross	staff surmounted by a cross, carried in a religious procession.
Cross	thing or mark like a cross, esp. Two short intersecting lines
Cross	cross-shaped military etc. Decoration.
Cross	a hybrid.
Cross	crossing of breeds etc.
Cross	mixture of two things.
Cross	crosswise movement, pass in football, etc.
Cross	trial or affliction.
Cross	go across.
Cross	intersect;
Cross	be across
Cross	a draw line
Cross	across.
Cross	mark
Cross	with two parallel lines to indicate that it cannot be cashed.
Cross	cancel etc. By drawing lines across.
Cross	Make the sign of the cross on or over.
Cross	a pass in opposite or different directions.
Cross	Be sent at the same time.
Cross	be connected to an unwanted conversation.
Cross	a cause to interbreed.
Cross	cross-fertilize
Cross	oppose or thwart
Cross	peevish, angry.
Cross	(usu.
Cross	) Transverse; reaching from side to side.
Cross	(usu.
Cross	) Intersecting.
Cross	(usu.
Cross	) Contrary, opposed, reciprocal.
Cross	put one finger across another to ward off bad luck.
Cross	trust in good luck. Cross one's heart make a solemn pledge, esp. By crossing one's front. Cross one's mind occur to one, esp. Transiently. Cross swords
Cross	argue or dispute. Cross wires
Cross	become wrongly connected by telephone.
Cross	have a misunderstanding. On the cross diagonally.
Cross	Crossness
Crossbar	Horizontal bar, esp. That on a man's bicycle.
Cross-bench	Seat in the house of lords for non-party members.
Crossbill	Finch with a bill with crossed mandibles for opening pine cones.
Crossbow	Bow fixed on a wooden stock, with a groove for an arrow.
Crossbreed	hybrid breed of animals or plants.
Crossbreed	individual hybrid.
Crossbreed	Produce by crossing.
Cross-check	Check by alternative method
Cross-check	Such a check.
Cross-country	across open country.
Cross-country	not keeping to main roads.
Cross-country	cross-country race.
Cross-cut	Cut across the main grain.
Cross-cut	Diagonal cut, path, etc.
Cross-cut saw	Saw for cross-cutting.
Cross-dressing	Practice of dressing in the clothes of the opposite sex.
Crosse	Lacrosse stick.
Cross-examine	Question
Cross-eyed	Having one or both eyes turned inwards.
Cross-fertilize	fertilize
Cross-fertilize	from one of a different species.
Cross-fertilize	interchange ideas etc.
Crossfire	firing in two crossing directions simultaneously.
Crossfire	a attack or criticism from all sides.
Crossfire	combative exchange of views etc.
Cross-grain	Grain in timber, running across the regular grain.
Cross-grained	having a cross-grain.
Cross-grained	perverse, intractable.
Cross-hatch	Shade with crossing parallel lines.
Crossing	place where things
Crossing	cross.
Crossing	place for crossing a street etc.
Crossing	journey across water.
Cross-legged	with legs folded one across the other.
Crossover	point or place of crossing.
Crossover	process of crossing over, esp. From one style or genre to another.
Crossover	That crosses over, esp. From one style or genre to another.
Crosspatch	Bad-tempered person.
Crosspiece	Transverse beam etc.
Cross-ply	having fabric layers with crosswise cords.
Cross-refer	refer from one part of a book etc. To another.
Cross-reference	Reference from one part of a book etc. To another.
Cross-reference	Provide with cross-references.
Crossroad	(usu. In
Crossroad	) Intersection of two or more roads.
Cross-section	a a cutting across a solid.
Cross-section	plane surface so produced.
Cross-section	drawing etc. Of this.
Cross-section	representative sample.
Cross-stitch	Cross-shaped stitch.
Crosstalk	unwanted signals between communication channels.
Crosstalk	witty repartee.
Crosswind	Wind blowing across one's path etc.
Crosswise	in the form of a cross; intersecting.
Crosswise	diagonal or diagonally.
Crossword	printed grid of squares and blanks for vertical and horizontal words to be filled in from clues.
Crotch	Fork, esp. Between legs
Crotchet	Note equal to a quarter of a semibreve and usu. One beat.
Crotchety	Peevish, irritable.
Crouch	Lower the body with limbs close to the chest; be in this position.
Crouch	Crouching; crouching position.
Croup1	Childhood inflammation of the larynx etc., with a hard cough.
Croup2	Rump, esp. Of a horse.
Croupier	Person running a gaming-table, raking in and paying out money etc.
Croûton	Small cube of fried or toasted bread served with soup etc.
Crow1	large black bird with a powerful black beak.
Crow1	similar bird, e.g. The raven, rook, and jackdaw.
Crow2	utter a loud cry.
Crow2	utter happy cries.
Crow2	gloat; show glee.
Crow2	Cry of a cock or baby.
Crowbar	Iron bar with a flattened end, used as a lever.
Crowd	large gathering of people.
Crowd	spectators; audience.
Crowd	Particular set of people.
Crowd	majority.
Crowd	come together in a crowd.
Crowd	force one's way
Crowd	force or compress into a confined space.
Crowd	fill or make full of.
Crowd	Come aggressively close to.
Crown	monarch's jewelled headdress.
Crown	a monarch as head of state.
Crown	power or authority of the monarchy.
Crown	a wreath for the head as an emblem of victory.
Crown	award or distinction, esp. In sport.
Crown	crown-shaped ornament etc.
Crown	top part of the head, a hat, etc.
Crown	a highest or central part
Crown	thing that completes or forms a summit.
Crown	a part of a tooth visible outside the gum.
Crown	artificial replacement for this.
Crown	former british coin worth five shillings.
Crown	put a crown on
Crown	invest with a royal crown or authority.
Crown	be a crown to; rest on top of.
Crown	a (often as crowning
Crown	be the reward, summit, or finishing touch to
Crown	bring to a happy outcome.
Crown	fit a crown to
Crown	hit on the head.
Crown	promote
Crown	to king.
Crown colony	British colony controlled by the crown.
Crown court	Court of criminal jurisdiction in england and wales.
Crown derby	Porcelain made at derby and often marked with a crown.
Crown glass	Glass without lead or iron used formerly in windows, now as optical glass of low refractive index.
Crown jewels	pl. Sovereign's state regalia etc.
Crown prince	Male heir to a throne.
Crown princess	wife of a crown prince.
Crown princess	female heir to a throne.
Crown wheel	Wheel with teeth at right angles to its plane.
Crow's-foot	Wrinkle near the eye.
Crow's-nest	Shelter at a sailing-ship's masthead for a lookout man.
Crt	Cathode-ray tube.
Cru	french vineyard or wine region.
Cru	grade of wine.
Cruces	Of *crux.
Crucial	decisive, critical.
Crucial	very important.
Crucible	melting-pot for metals etc.
Crucible	severe test.
Cruciferous	Having flowers with four petals arranged in a cross.
Crucifix	Model of a cross with the figure of christ on it.
Crucifixion	crucifying or being crucified.
Crucifixion	crucifixion of christ.
Cruciform	Cross-shaped.
Crucify	put to death by fastening to a cross.
Crucify	persecute, torment.
Crucify	defeat thoroughly; humiliate.
Crud	deposit of grease etc.
Crud	unpleasant person.
Crude	a in the natural state; not refined.
Crude	unpolished; lacking finish.
Crude	a rude, blunt.
Crude	offensive, indecent.
Crude	inexact.
Crude	Natural mineral oil.
Crude	Crudeness
Crude	Crudity
Crudités	pl. Hors d'œuvre of mixed raw vegetables.
Cruel	causing pain or suffering, esp. Deliberately.
Cruel	harsh, severe
Cruel	Cruelness
Cruel	Cruelty
Cruet	set of small salt, pepper, etc. Containers for use at table.
Cruet	such a container.
Cruise	a travel by sea for pleasure, calling at ports.
Cruise	sail about.
Cruise	travel at a relaxed or economical speed.
Cruise	achieve an objective, esp. Win a race etc. With ease.
Cruise	search for a sexual
Cruise	partner in bars, streets, etc.
Cruise	Cruising voyage.
Cruise missile	One able to fly low and guide itself.
Cruiser	high-speed warship.
Crumb	a small fragment, esp. Of bread.
Crumb	small particle
Crumb	bread without crusts.
Crumb	objectionable person.
Crumb	Cover with or break into breadcrumbs.
Crumble	break or fall into small fragments.
Crumble	Gradually disintegrate.
Crumble	Dish of stewed fruit with a crumbly topping.
Crumbly	consisting of, or apt to fall into, crumbs or fragments.
Crumbs	expressing dismay or surprise.
Crumby	like or covered in crumbs.
Crummy	dirty, squalid; inferior, worthless.
Crumpet	soft flat yeasty cake toasted and buttered.
Crumpet	joc. Or offens. Sexually attractive woman or women.
Crumple	crush or become crushed into creases or wrinkles.
Crumple	collapse, give way.
Crumple	Crease or wrinkle.
Crunch	a crush noisily with the teeth.
Crunch	grind under foot, wheels, etc.
Crunch	make a crunching sound.
Crunch	crunching; crunching sound.
Crunch	Decisive event or moment.
Crunchy	hard and crisp.
Crupper	strap looped under a horse's tail to hold the harness back.
Crupper	hindquarters of a horse.
Crusade	hist. Any of several medieval military expeditions made by europeans to recover the holy land from the muslims.
Crusade	vigorous campaign for a cause.
Crusade	engage in a crusade.
Cruse	earthenware pot.
Crush	compress with force or violence, so as to break, bruise, etc.
Crush	reduce to powder by pressure.
Crush	crease or crumple.
Crush	defeat or subdue completely.
Crush	act of crushing.
Crush	crowded mass of people.
Crush	drink from the juice of crushed fruit.
Crush	Infatuation.
Crust	a hard outer part of bread.
Crust	hard dry scrap of bread. C
Crust	livelihood.
Crust	pastry covering of a pie.
Crust	hard casing over a soft thing.
Crust	outer portion of the earth.
Crust	deposit, esp. From wine on a bottle.
Crust	Cover or become covered with or form into a crust.
Crustacean	Esp. Aquatic arthropod with a hard shell, e.g. The crab, lobster, and shrimp.
Crustacean	Of crustaceans.
Crusty	having a crisp crust.
Crusty	irritable, curt.
Crusty	Crustiness
Crutch	usu. T-shaped support for a lame person fitting under the armpit.
Crutch	support, prop.
Crutch	crotch.
Crux	decisive point at issue.
Cruzado	chief monetary unit of brazil.
Cruzeiro	one-thousandth of a cruzado.
Cry	make a loud or shrill sound, esp. To express pain, grief, etc., or to appeal for help.
Cry	shed tears; weep.
Cry	say or exclaim loudly or excitedly.
Cry	appeal, demand, or show a need for.
Cry	(of an animal, esp.
Cry	bird) make a loud call.
Cry	loud shout or scream of grief, pain, etc.
Cry	spell of weeping.
Cry	loud excited utterance.
Cry	urgent appeal.
Cry	a public demand or opinion.
Cry	rallying call.
Cry	call of an animal.
Cry-baby	Person who weeps frequently.
Crying	Flagrant, demanding redress.
Cryogenics	Branch of physics dealing with very low temperatures.
Crypt	Vault, esp. Beneath a church, used usu. As a burial-place.
Cryptic	Obscure in meaning; secret, mysterious.
Cryptogam	Plant with no true flowers or seeds, e.g. Ferns, mosses, and fungi.
Cryptogram	Text written in cipher.
Cryptography	Art of writing or solving ciphers.
Cryptography	Cryptographic
Crystal	a transparent colourless mineral, esp. Rock crystal.
Crystal	piece of this.
Crystal	a highly transparent glass; flint glass.
Crystal	articles of this.
Crystal	crystalline piece of semiconductor.
Crystal	aggregation of molecules with a definite internal structure and the external form of a solid enclosed by symmetrically arranged plane faces.
Crystal	(usu.
Crystal	) Made of, like, or clear as crystal.
Crystal ball	Glass globe used in crystal-gazing.
Crystal-gazing	Supposed foretelling of the future by gazing into a crystal ball.
Crystalline	of, like, or clear as crystal.
Crystalline	having the structure and form of a crystal.
Crystallize	form into crystals.
Crystallize	make or become definite.
Crystallize	make or become coated or impregnated with sugar
Crystallography	Science of crystal formation and structure.
Crystalloid	Substance that in solution is able to pass through a semipermeable membrane.
Cs	Caesium.
C/s	Cycles per second.
Cse	Hist. Certificate of secondary education.
Cs gas	Tear-gas used to control riots etc.
Ctc	City technology college.
Cu	Copper.
Cu.	Cubic.
Cub	young of a fox, bear, lion, etc.
Cub	junior scout.
Cub	Young newspaper reporter.
Cub	Give birth to
Cubby-hole	very small room.
Cubby-hole	snug space.
Cube	solid contained by six equal squares.
Cube	cube-shaped block.
Cube	product of a number multiplied by its square.
Cube	find the cube of
Cube	cut
Cube	Into small cubes.
Cube root	Number which produces a given number when cubed.
Cubic	cube-shaped.
Cubic	of three dimensions.
Cubic	involving the cube
Cubic	of a number
Cubical	Cube-shaped.
Cubicle	small screened space.
Cubicle	small separate sleeping-compartment.
Cubism	Style in art, esp. Painting, in which objects are represented geometrically.
Cubit	Ancient measure of length, approximating to the length of a forearm.
Cuboid	Cube-shaped; like a cube.
Cuboid	Geom. Rectangular parallelepiped.
Cuckold	Husband of an adulteress.
Cuckold	Make a cuckold of.
Cuckoo	Bird having a characteristic cry, and laying its eggs in the nests of small birds.
Cuckoo	crazy.
Cuckoo clock	Clock with the figure of a cuckoo emerging to make a call on the hour.
Cuckoo-pint	Wild arum.
Cuckoo-spit	Froth exuded by insect larvae on leaves, stems, etc.
Cucumber	long green fleshy fruit, used in salads.
Cucumber	climbing plant yielding this.
Cud	Half-digested food returned to the mouth of ruminants for further chewing.
Cuddle	hug, fondle.
Cuddle	nestle together, lie close and snug.
Cuddle	Prolonged and fond hug.
Cuddly	Soft and yielding.
Cuddly	given to cuddling.
Cudgel	Short thick stick used as a weapon.
Cudgel	beat with a cudgel.
Cue1	a last words of an actor's speech as a signal to another to enter or speak.
Cue1	similar signal to a musician etc.
Cue1	a stimulus to perception etc.
Cue1	signal for action.
Cue1	hint on appropriate behaviour.
Cue1	cueing audio equipment (see sense
Cue1	give a cue to.
Cue1	put
Cue1	in readiness to play a particular section.
Cue1	insert a cue for.
Cue1	give information to. On cue at the correct moment.
Cue-ball	Ball to be struck with a cue.
Cuff1	end part of a sleeve.
Cuff1	us trouser turn-up.
Cuff1	(in
Cuff1	Handcuffs.
Cuff1	Without preparation, extempore.
Cuff2	Strike with an open hand.
Cuff2	Such a blow.
Cuff-link	Two joined studs etc. For fastening a cuff.
Cuirass	Armour breastplate and back-plate fastened together.
Cuisine	Style or method of cooking.
Cul-de-sac	road etc. With a dead end.
Cul-de-sac	futile course.
-cule	forming
-cule	nouns
Culinary	Of or for cooking.
Cull	select or gather
Cull	gather
Cull	a select
Cull	, esp. For killing.
Cull	reduce the population of
Cull	by selective slaughter.
Cull	culling or being culled.
Cull	animal
Cull	culled.
Culminate	reach its highest or final point
Culottes	pl. Women's trousers cut like a skirt.
Culpable	Deserving blame.
Culprit	Guilty person.
Cult	religious system, sect, etc., esp. Ritualistic.
Cult	a devotion to a person or thing
Cult	fashion.
Cult	Fashionable
Cultivar	Plant variety produced by cultivation.
Cultivate	prepare and use
Cultivate	For crops or gardening.
Cultivate	a raise
Cultivate	culture
Cultivate	a (often as cultivated
Cultivate	) Improve
Cultivate	nurture
Cultivate	Cultivation
Cultivator	mechanical implement for breaking up the ground etc.
Cultivator	person or thing that cultivates.
Cultural	Of or relating to intellectual or artistic matters, or to a specific culture.
Culture	a intellectual and artistic achievement or expression
Culture	refined appreciation of the arts etc.
Culture	customs, achievements, etc. Of a particular civilization or group
Culture	improvement by mental or physical training.
Culture	cultivation of plants; rearing of bees etc.
Culture	quantity of micro-organisms and nutrient material supporting their growth.
Culture	maintain
Culture	In suitable growth conditions.
Cultured	Having refined taste etc.
Cultured pearl	Pearl formed by an oyster after the insertion of a foreign body into its shell.
Culture shock	Disorientation felt by a person subjected to an unfamiliar way of life.
Culture vulture	Person eager for cultural pursuits.
Culvert	Underground channel carrying water under a road etc.
Cum	(usu. In
Cum	) With, combined with, also used as
Cumbersome	inconveniently bulky etc.; unwieldy.
Cumin	plant with aromatic seeds.
Cumin	these as flavouring.
Cummerbund	Waist sash.
Cumulative	increasing or increased progressively in amount, force, etc.
Cumulative	formed by successive additions
Cumulus	cloud formation of rounded masses heaped up on a flat base.
Cuneiform	wedge-shaped.
Cuneiform	of or using wedge-shaped writing.
Cuneiform	Cuneiform writing.
Cunnilingus	Oral stimulation of the female genitals.
Cunning	deceitful, clever, or crafty.
Cunning	ingenious
Cunning	us attractive, quaint.
Cunning	craftiness; deception.
Cunning	skill, ingenuity.
Cunt	female genitals.
Cunt	offens. Unpleasant person.
Cup	small bowl-shaped container for drinking from.
Cup	a its contents.
Cup	cup-shaped thing.
Cup	flavoured wine, cider, etc., usu. Chilled.
Cup	cup-shaped trophy as a prize.
Cup	one's fate or fortune
Cup	form
Cup	into the shape of a cup.
Cup	take or hold as in a cup.
Cup	What interests or suits one.
Cupboard	Recess or piece of furniture with a door and
Cupboard	Shelves.
Cupboard love	False affection for gain.
Cup final	Final match in a
Cup final	competition.
Cupful	amount held by a cup, esp. Us a half-pint or
Cupful	-ounce measure.
Cupful	full cup.
Cupid	roman god of love, represented as a naked winged boy archer.
Cupid	representation of cupid.
Cupidity	Greed; avarice.
Cupid's bow	Upper lip etc. Shaped like an archery bow.
Cupola	dome forming or adorning a roof.
Cupola	revolving dome protecting mounted guns.
Cupola	furnace for melting metals.
Cuppa	cup of.
Cuppa	cup of tea.
Cupreous	Of or like copper.
Cupric	Of copper.
Cupro-nickel	Alloy of copper and nickel.
Cup-tie	Match in a competition for a cup.
Cur	mangy ill-tempered dog.
Cur	contemptible person.
Curable	Able to be cured.
Curaçao	orange-flavoured liqueur.
Curacy	curate's office or tenure of it.
Curare	Extract of various plants, used by american indians to poison arrows.
Curate	Assistant to a parish priest.
Curate's egg	Thing that is good in parts.
Curative	Tending or able to cure.
Curative	Curative agent.
Curator	Keeper or custodian of a museum etc.
Curb	check, restraint.
Curb	strap etc. Passing under a horse's lower jaw, used as a check.
Curb	enclosing border, e.g. The frame round a well or a fender round a hearth.
Curb	restrain.
Curb	put a curb on
Curd	(often in
Curd	) Coagulated acidic milk product made into cheese or eaten as food.
Curd cheese	Soft smooth cheese made from skimmed milk curds.
Curdle	form into curds; congeal.
Cure	restore to health; relieve
Cure	eliminate
Cure	preserve
Cure	By salting, drying, etc.
Cure	vulcanize
Cure	; harden
Cure	restoration to health.
Cure	thing effecting a cure.
Cure	course of treatment.
Cure	curacy.
Curé	Parish priest in france etc.
Cure-all	Panacea.
Curette	Surgeon's small scraping-instrument.
Curette	clean or scrape with this.
Curfew	signal or time after which people must remain indoors.
Curfew	hist. Signal for extinction of fires at a fixed hour.
Curia	papal court; government departments of the vatican.
Curie	Unit of radioactivity.
Curio	rare or unusual object.
Curiosity	eager desire to know; inquisitiveness.
Curiosity	strange, rare, etc. Object.
Curious	eager to learn; inquisitive.
Curious	strange, surprising, odd.
Curium	Artificial radioactive metallic element.
Curl	bend or coil into a spiral.
Curl	move in a spiral form.
Curl	be raised contemptuously.
Curl	cause
Curl	to do this.
Curl	play curling.
Curl	lock of curled hair.
Curl	anything spiral or curved inwards.
Curl	a curling movement.
Curl	being curled.
Curl	lie or sit with the knees drawn up.
Curl	Writhe in embarrassment etc.
Curler	Pin or roller etc. For curling the hair.
Curlew	Wading bird, usu. With a long slender bill.
Curlicue	Decorative curl or twist.
Curling	Game resembling bowls, played on ice with round flat stones.
Curly	having or arranged in curls.
Curly	moving in curves.
Curmudgeon	Bad-tempered person.
Currant	small seedless dried grape.
Currant	a any of various shrubs producing red, white, or black berries.
Currant	such a berry.
Currency	a money in use in a country.
Currency	other commodity used as money.
Currency	being current; prevalence
Current	belonging to the present; happening now
Current	In general circulation or use.
Current	body of moving water, air, etc., esp. Passing through still water etc.
Current	a ordered movement of electrically charged particles.
Current	quantity representing the intensity of this.
Current	general tendency or course
Current account	Instantly accessible bank account.
Currently	At the present time; now.
Curriculum	subjects included in a course of study.
Curriculum vitae	Brief account of one's education, career, etc.
Curry1	meat, vegetables, etc., cooked in a spicy sauce, usu. Served with rice.
Curry1	prepare or flavour with a curry sauce.
Curry2	groom
Curry2	with a curry-comb.
Curry2	treat
Curry2	to improve it.
Curry-comb	Metal serrated device for grooming horses.
Curry-powder	Mixture of turmeric, cumin, etc. For making curry.
Curse	solemn invocation of divine wrath on a person or thing.
Curse	supposed resulting evil.
Curse	violent or profane exclamation or oath.
Curse	thing causing evil or harm.
Cursed	Damned.
Cursive	with joined characters.
Cursive	Cursive writing.
Cursor	math. Etc. Transparent slide with a hairline, forming part of a slide-rule.
Cursor	computing indicator on a vdu screen identifying esp. The position that the program will operate on with the next keystroke.
Cursory	Hasty, hurried.
Cursory	Cursoriness
Curt	Noticeably or rudely brief.
Curt	Curtness
Curtail	Cut short; reduce.
Curtain	piece of cloth etc. Hung as a screen, esp. At a window.
Curtain	a rise or fall of a stage curtain between acts or scenes.
Curtain	partition or cover.
Curtain	(in
Curtain	the end.
Curtain	provide or cover with curtain
Curtain	shut off with curtain
Curtain-call	Audience's applause summoning actors to take a bow.
Curtain-raiser	short play before the main performance.
Curtain-raiser	preliminary event.
Curtilage	Esp. Law area attached to a house and forming one enclosure with it.
Curtsy	bending of the knees and lowering of the body made by a girl or woman in acknowledgement of applause or as a respectful greeting etc.
Curtsy	make a curtsy.
Curvaceous	having a shapely figure.
Curvature	curving.
Curvature	curved form.
Curvature	deviation of a curve or curved surface from a plane.
Curve	line or surface of which no part is straight or flat.
Curve	curved form or thing.
Curve	curved line on a graph.
Curve	bend or shape to form a curve.
Curvet	Horse's frisky leap.
Curvet	perform a curvet.
Curvilinear	Contained by or consisting of curved lines.
Curvy	having many curves.
Curvy	shapely.
Cushion	bag stuffed with soft material, for sitting or leaning on etc.
Cushion	protection against shock; measure to soften a blow.
Cushion	padded rim of a billiard-table etc.
Cushion	air supporting a hovercraft etc.
Cushion	provide or protect with cushion
Cushion	mitigate the adverse effects of.
Cushy	Easy and pleasant.
Cusp	Point at which two curves meet, e.g. The horn of a crescent moon etc.
Cuss	curse.
Cuss	usu. Derog. Person; creature.
Cuss	Curse.
Cussed	Stubborn.
Custard	Pudding or sweet sauce of eggs or flavoured cornflour and milk.
Custodian	Guardian or keeper.
Custody	guardianship; protective care.
Custody	imprisonment.
Custom	a usual behaviour.
Custom	particular established way of behaving.
Custom	law established usage having the force of law.
Custom	regular business dealings or customers.
Custom	(in
Custom	; also treated as sing.)
Custom	duty on imports and exports.
Custom	official department administering this.
Custom	area at a port, frontier, etc., dealing with customs etc.
Customary	In accordance with custom, usual.
Customary	Customariness
Custom-built	made to order.
Customer	person who buys goods or services from a shop or business.
Customer	Person of a specified kind
Custom-house	Customs office at a port or frontier etc.
Customize	make or modify to order; personalize.
Cut	(-tt-; past and
Cut	Cut)
Cut	Penetrate or wound with a sharp-edged instrument.
Cut	divide or be divided with a knife etc.
Cut	trim or detach by cutting.
Cut	Loosen etc. By cutting.
Cut	(esp. As cutting
Cut	) Wound
Cut	reduce
Cut	Or cease
Cut	a make
Cut	By cutting.
Cut	make
Cut	By removing material.
Cut	perform, make
Cut	Cross, intersect.
Cut	Traverse, esp. As a shorter way
Cut	1 a deliberately ignore
Cut	renounce
Cut	2 esp. Us deliberately miss
Cut	3 cards a divide
Cut	into two parts.
Cut	do this to select a dealer etc.
Cut	4 a edit
Cut	Stop filming or recording.
Cut	go quickly to
Cut	5 switch off
Cut	6 chop
Cut	cutting.
Cut	division or wound made by cutting.
Cut	stroke with a knife, sword, whip, etc.
Cut	a reduction
Cut	cessation
Cut	removal of lines etc. From a play, film, etc.
Cut	wounding remark or act.
Cut	style of hair, garment, etc. Achieved by cutting.
Cut	particular piece of butchered meat.
Cut	Commission; share of profits.
Cut	0 stroke made by cutting.
Cut	1 deliberate ignoring of a person.
Cut	Noticeably superior to. Be cut out
Cut	Be suited. Cut across
Cut	transcend
Cut	see sense
Cut	0 of
Cut	Cut and run
Cut	run away. Cut back
Cut	reduce
Cut	prune
Cut	. Cut both ways
Cut	serve both sides of an argument etc.
Cut	have both good and bad effects. Cut a corner go across it. Cut corners do perfunctorily or incompletely, esp. To save time. Cut a dash make a brilliant show. Cut a person dead deliberately ignore
Cut	. Cut down
Cut	a bring or throw down by cutting.
Cut	kill by sword or disease.
Cut	see sense
Cut	reduce the length of
Cut	reduce consumption
Cut	. Cut a person down to size
Cut	Deflate a person's pretensions. Cut in
Cut	interrupt.
Cut	pull in too closely in front of another vehicle. Cut it fine allow very little margin of time etc. Cut it out
Cut	stop doing that. Cut one's losses abandon an unprofitable scheme. Cut no ice
Cut	have no influence. Cut off
Cut	remove by cutting.
Cut	bring to an abrupt end or
Cut	death.
Cut	intercept, interrupt.
Cut	disconnect
Cut	a prevent from travelling.
Cut	(as cut off
Cut	) Isolated or remote.
Cut	disinherit. Cut out
Cut	remove from inside by cutting.
Cut	make by cutting from a larger whole.
Cut	omit.
Cut	Stop doing or using
Cut	cease functioning
Cut	outdo or supplant
Cut	. Cut short interrupt; terminate. Cut one's teeth on acquire experience from.
Cut and dried	completely decided; inflexible.
Cut and dried	Ready-made, lacking freshness.
Cut and thrust	Lively argument etc.
Cutaneous	Of the skin.
Cutaway	With parts of the exterior left out to reveal the interior.
Cut-back	Cutting back, esp.
Cut-back	reduction in expenditure.
Cute	esp. Us attractive, quaint.
Cute	clever, ingenious.
Cute	Cuteness
Cut glass	(often hyphenated when
Cut glass	) Glass with patterns cut on it.
Cuticle	Dead skin at the base of a fingernail or toenail.
Cutis	True skin, beneath the epidermis.
Cutlass	Hist. Short sword with a slightly curved blade.
Cutler	Person who makes or deals in knives etc.
Cutlery	Knives, forks, and spoons for use at table.
Cutlet	neck-chop of mutton or lamb.
Cutlet	small piece of veal etc. For frying.
Cutlet	flat cake of minced meat or nuts and breadcrumbs etc.
Cut-off	(often
Cut-off	) Point at which something is cut off.
Cut-off	device for stopping a flow.
Cut-out	figure cut out of paper etc.
Cut-out	device for automatic disconnection, the release of exhaust gases, etc.
Cut-price	at a reduced price.
Cutter	a person or thing that cuts.
Cutter	) Cutting tool.
Cutter	a small fast sailing-ship.
Cutter	small boat carried by a large ship.
Cutthroat	murderer.
Cutthroat	razor with a long unguarded blade set in a handle.
Cutthroat	ruthless and intense.
Cutthroat	three-handed.
Cutting	piece cut from a newspaper etc.
Cutting	piece cut from a plant for propagation.
Cutting	excavated channel in a hillside etc. For a railway or road.
Cutting	See *cut
Cuttlefish	mollusc with ten arms and ejecting a black fluid when threatened.
Cutwater	forward edge of a ship's prow.
Cutwater	wedge-shaped projection from a pier or bridge.
Cuvée	Blend or batch of wine.
C.v.	curriculum vitae.
Cwt	Hundredweight.
-cy	denoting state, condition, or status
Cyanic acid	Unstable colourless pungent acid gas.
Cyanide	Highly poisonous substance used in the extraction of gold and silver.
Cyanogen	Highly poisonous gas used in fertilizers.
Cyanosis	Bluish skin due to oxygen-deficient blood.
Cybernetics	pl.
Cybernetics	Science of communications and control systems in machines and living things.
Cyberpunk	Science fiction writing combining high-tech plots with unconventional or nihilistic social values.
Cycad	Palmlike plant often growing to a great height.
Cyclamate	Former artificial sweetener.
Cyclamen	plant with pink, red, or white flowers with backward-turned petals.
Cyclamen	cyclamen red or pink.
Cycle	a recurrent round or period
Cycle	time needed for this.
Cycle	a physics etc. Recurrent series of operations or states.
Cycle	electr.
Cycle	series of related songs, poems, etc.
Cycle	bicycle, tricycle, etc.
Cycle	ride a bicycle etc.
Cycle	move in cycles.
Cycle-track	path or road for bicycles.
Cyclic	a recurring in cycles.
Cyclic	belonging to a chronological cycle.
Cyclic	with constituent atoms forming a ring.
Cyclist	Rider of a bicycle.
Cyclo-	Form circle, cycle, or cyclic.
Cyclist	Rider of a bicycle.
Cyclo-	Form circle, cycle, or cyclic.
Cyclone	winds rotating inwards to an area of low barometric pressure; depression.
Cyclone	violent hurricane of limited diameter.
Cyclotron	Apparatus for the acceleration of charged atomic and subatomic particles revolving in a magnetic field.
Cygnet	Young swan.
Cylinder	uniform solid or hollow body with straight sides and a circular section.
Cylinder	thing of this shape, e.g.
Cylinder	container for liquefied gas, a piston-chamber in an engine.
Cymbal	Concave disc, struck usu. With another to make a ringing sound.
Cyme	Flower cluster with a single terminal flower that develops first.
Cymric	Welsh.
Cynic	person with a pessimistic view of human nature.
Cynic	one of a school of ancient greek philosophers showing contempt for ease and pleasure.
Cynic	Cynically
Cynic	Cynicism
Cynosure	Centre of attraction or admiration.
Cypress	Conifer with hard wood and dark foliage.
Cypriot	Native or national of cyprus.
Cypriot	Of cyprus.
Cyrillic	Of the alphabet used by the slavonic peoples of the orthodox church, now used esp. For russian and bulgarian.
Cyrillic	This alphabet.
Cyst	Sac formed in the body, containing liquid matter.
Cystic	of the bladder.
Cystic	like a cyst.
Cystic fibrosis	Hereditary disease usu. With respiratory infections.
Cystitis	Inflammation of the bladder usu. Causing frequent painful urination.
-cyte	Form mature cell
Cytology	The study of cells.
Cytology	Cytologist
Cytoplasm	Protoplasmic content of a cell apart from its nucleus.
Czech	native or national of czechoslovakia.
Czech	one of the two official languages of czechoslovakia.
Czech	Of czechoslovakia, its people, or language.
Czechoslovak	Native or national of czechoslovakia.
Czechoslovak	Of czechoslovakia.
D1	fourth letter of the alphabet.
D1	Second note of the diatonic scale of c major.
D1	fourth highest class or category
D2	Deuterium.
D.	died.
D.	departs.
D.	daughter.
D.	hist.
D.	penny.
'D	had, would
Dab1	repeatedly press briefly and lightly with a cloth etc.
Dab1	press
Dab1	Thus.
Dab1	apply by dabbing.
Dab1	aim a feeble blow; strike lightly.
Dab1	dabbing.
Dab1	small amount thus applied
Dab1	light blow.
Dab1	(in
Dab1	fingerprints.
Dab2	a kind of marine flat-fish.
Dabble	engage
Dabble	Superficially.
Dabble	move the feet, hands, etc. In esp. Shallow liquid.
Dabble	wet partly; stain, splash.
Dab hand	Expert.
Da capo	Repeat from the beginning.
Dace	small freshwater fish related to the carp.
Dacha	Russian country cottage.
Dachshund	Dog of a short-legged long-bodied breed.
Dactyl	Metrical foot consisting of one long syllable followed by two short syllables
Dad	Father.
Dada	Early
Dada	0th-c. Artistic and literary movement repudiating conventions.
Dada	Dadaist
Dada	Dadaistic
Daddy	Father.
Daddy-long-legs	crane-fly.
Dado	lower, differently decorated, part of an interior wall.
Dado	plinth of a column.
Dado	cube of a pedestal between the base and the cornice.
Daffodil	Spring bulb with a yellow trumpet-shaped flower.
Daft	Silly, foolish, crazy.
Dagger	short pointed knife used as a weapon.
Dagger	printing
Dago	offens. Foreigner, esp.
Dago	spaniard, portuguese, or italian.
Daguerreotype	Early photograph using a silvered plate and mercury vapour.
Dahlia	Large-flowered showy garden plant.
Dáil	lower house of parliament in the republic of ireland.
Daily	Done, produced, or occurring every day or every weekday.
Daily	every day.
Daily	constantly.
Daily	daily newspaper.
Daily	cleaning woman.
Daily bread	Necessary food; livelihood.
Dainty	delicately pretty.
Dainty	delicate or small.
Dainty	choice.
Dainty	fastidious; discriminating.
Dainty	choice delicacy.
Dainty	Daintiness
Daiquiri	cocktail of rum, lime juice, etc.
Dairy	place for processing, distributing, or selling milk and its products.
Dairy	Of, containing, or used for, dairy products
Dairying	Dairy farming and distribution.
Dairymaid	Woman employed in a dairy.
Dairyman	Dealer in dairy products.
Dais	Low platform, usu. At the upper end of a hall.
Daisy	small wild plant with white-petalled flowers.
Daisy	plant with similar flowers.
Daisy wheel	Spoked disc bearing printing characters, used in word processors and typewriters.
Dalai lama	Spiritual head of tibetan buddhism.
Dale	Valley.
Dally	delay; waste time.
Dally	flirt, trifle.
Dalmatian	Large white spotted short-haired dog.
Dal segno	Repeat from the point marked by a sign.
Dam1	barrier across river etc., forming a reservoir or preventing flooding.
Dam1	barrier made by beaver.
Dam1	provide or confine with a dam.
Dam1	block up; obstruct.
Dam2	Mother, esp. Of a four-footed animal.
Damage	harm or injury.
Damage	(in
Damage	) Law financial compensation for loss or injury.
Damage	cost.
Damage	inflict damage on.
Damascene	decorate
Damascene	by etching or inlaying esp. With gold or silver.
Damascene	Design or article produced in this way.
Damascene	Of this process.
Damask	Reversible figured woven fabric, esp. White table linen.
Damask	made of damask.
Damask	velvety pink.
Damask	Weave with figured designs.
Damask rose	Old sweet-scented rose used to make attar.
Dame	a title given to a woman holding any of several orders of chivalry.
Dame	woman holding this title.
Dame	comic middle-aged female pantomime character, usu. Played by a man.
Dame	woman.
Dame-school	Hist. Primary school kept by an elderly woman.
Dammit	Damn it.
Damn	(often absol. Or as
Damn	Of anger or annoyance, = may god damn) curse
Damn	doom to hell; cause the damnation of.
Damn	condemn, censure
Damn	a (often as damning
Damn	Show or prove to be guilty.
Damn	be the ruin of.
Damn	uttered curse.
Damn	negligible amount.
Damn	nothing at all. Damn well
Damn	simply
Damn	. Damn with faint praise commend feebly, and so imply disapproval. I'm
Damn	damned if
Damn	I certainly do not, will not, etc. Not give a damn see *give. Well i'm
Damn	damned
Damn	Exclamation of surprise etc.
Damnable	Hateful, annoying.
Damnation	Eternal punishment in hell.
Damnation	Expressing anger.
Damned	Damnable.
Damned	Extremely
Damp	Slightly wet.
Damp	Slight diffused or condensed moisture, esp. When unwelcome.
Damp	make damp; moisten.
Damp	a temper; mute
Damp	make
Damp	burn less strongly by reducing the flow of air to it.
Damp	reduce or stop the vibration of
Damp	Dampness
Damp course	layer of waterproof material in a wall near the ground, to prevent rising damp.
Dampen	make or become damp.
Damper	discouraging person or thing.
Damper	device that reduces shock or noise.
Damper	metal plate in a flue to control the draught.
Damper	Pad silencing a piano string.
Damp squib	Unsuccessful attempt to impress etc.
Damsel	or literary young unmarried woman.
Damselfly	Insect like a dragonfly but with wings folded when resting.
Damson	small dark-purple plum.
Damson	dark-purple colour.
Dan	grade of proficiency in judo.
Dan	holder of such a grade.
Dance	move rhythmically, usu. To music.
Dance	skip or jump about.
Dance	perform
Dance	bob up and down.
Dance	dandle
Dance	a dancing as an art form.
Dance	style or form of this.
Dance	social gathering for dancing.
Dance	single round or turn of a dance.
Dance	music for dancing to.
Dance	lively motion.
Dance	Dancer
Dancehall	Public hall for dancing.
D. And c.	Dilatation
D. And c.	and curettage
Dandelion	Wild plant with jagged leaves, a yellow flower, and a fluffy seed-head.
Dander	Temper, indignation.
Dandify	make a dandy.
Dandle	bounce
Dandle	on one's knees etc.
Dandruff	flakes of dead skin in the hair.
Dandruff	this as a condition.
Dandy	man greatly devoted to style and fashion.
Dandy	Excellent thing.
Dandy	esp. Us
Dandy	Splendid.
Dandy-brush	Brush for grooming a horse.
Dane	native or national of denmark.
Dane	hist. Viking invader of england in the
Dane	th–11th c.
Danger list	List of those dangerously ill.
Danger money	Extra payment for dangerous work.
Dangerous	Involving or causing danger.
Dangle	be loosely suspended and able to sway.
Dangle	hold or carry thus.
Dangle	hold out
Dangle	Enticingly.
Danish	Of denmark or the danes.
Danish	danish language.
Danish	(prec. By the; treated as
Danish	) The danish people.
Danish blue	White blue-veined cheese.
Danish pastry	Yeast cake topped with icing, fruit, nuts, etc.
Dank	Disagreeably damp and cold.
Dank	Dankness
Daphne	Any of various flowering shrubs.
Dapper	neat and precise, esp. In dress.
Dapper	sprightly.
Dapple	mark or become marked with spots of colour or shade.
Dapple	Dappled effect.
Dapple-grey	grey or white with darker spots.
Dapple grey	Dapple-grey horse.
Darby and joan	Devoted old married couple.
Darby and joan club	Club for pensioners.
Dare	(-ring;
Dare	rd sing. Present usu. Dare before an expressed or implied infinitive without to)
Dare	have the courage or impudence
Dare	Defy or challenge
Dare	act of daring.
Dare	challenge, esp. To prove courage.
Dare	it is probable.
Dare	probably; i grant that much.
Daredevil	Recklessly daring person.
Daredevil	Recklessly daring.
Daring	Adventurous courage.
Daring	Adventurous, bold; prepared to take risks.
Dariole	Dish cooked and served in a small mould.
Dark	with little or no light.
Dark	of deep or sombre colour.
Dark	with dark colouring.
Dark	gloomy, dismal.
Dark	evil, sinister.
Dark	sullen, angry.
Dark	secret, mysterious.
Dark	ignorant, unenlightened.
Dark	absence of light.
Dark	lack of knowledge.
Dark	dark area or colour, esp. In painting.
Dark	period of european history from the
Dark	th–10th c.
Dark	period of supposed unenlightenment. In the dark
Dark	lacking information.
Dark	with no light.
Dark	Darkly
Dark	Darkness
Darken	Make or become dark or darker.
Dark glasses	pl. Spectacles with dark-tinted lenses.
Dark horse	Little-known person who is unexpectedly successful.
Darkroom	Darkened room for photographic work.
Darky	offens. Black person.
Darling	beloved, lovable, or endearing person or thing.
Darling	favourite.
Darling	beloved, lovable.
Darling	Charming or pretty.
Darn1	Mend
Darn1	By filling a hole with stitching.
Darn1	Darned area.
Darnel	Grass growing in cereal crops.
Darner	Needle for darning.
Darning	act of darning.
Darning	things to be darned.
Dart	small pointed missile.
Dart	(in
Dart	; usu. Treated as sing.) Indoor game of throwing darts at a dartboard to score points.
Dart	sudden rapid movement.
Dart	dartlike structure, e.g. An insect's sting.
Dart	tapering tuck in a garment.
Dart	Move, send, or go suddenly or rapidly.
Dartboard	Circular target in darts.
Darwinian	Of darwin's theory of evolution.
Darwinian	Adherent of this.
Darwinian	Darwinist
Dash	rush.
Dash	strike or fling forcefully, esp. So as to shatter
Dash	frustrate, dispirit
Dash	rush or onset; sudden advance.
Dash	horizontal stroke
Dash	in writing or printing to mark a pause etc.
Dash	impetuous vigour; capacity for or appearance of this.
Dash	us sprinting-race.
Dash	longer signal of two in morse code (cf. *dot
Dash	slight admixture, esp. Of a liquid.
Dashboard	Instrument panel of a vehicle or aircraft.
Dashing	spirited, lively.
Dashing	showy.
Dashing	Dashingness
Dastardly	Cowardly, despicable.
Dat	Digital audio tape.
Data	pl.
Data	known facts used for inference or in reckoning.
Data	quantities or characters operated on by a computer etc.
Usage	in scientific, philosophical, and general use, this word is usually considered to denote a number of items and is thus treated as plural with datum as the singular.
Usage	in computing and allied subjects
Usage	, it is treated as a mass
Usage	noun and used with words like this, that, and much, with singular verbs, e.g. Useful data has been collected. Some people consider use
Usage	to be incorrect but it is more common than use
Usage	. However, data is not a singular countable noun and cannot be preceded by a, every, each, either, or neither, or be given a plural form datas.
Data bank	Store or source of data.
Database	Structured set of data held in a computer.
Datable	capable of being dated.
Data capture	Entering of data into a computer.
Data processing	Series of operations on data, esp. By a computer.
Date1	day of the month, esp. As a number.
Date1	particular, esp. Historical, day or year.
Date1	day, month, and year of writing etc., at the head of a document etc.
Date1	period to which a work of art etc. Belongs.
Date1	time when an event takes place.
Date1	appointment, esp. Social with a person of the opposite sex.
Date1	us person to be met at this.
Date1	mark with a date.
Date1	a assign a date to
Date1	assign to a particular time, period, etc.
Date1	Have its origins at a particular time.
Date1	appear or expose as old-fashioned
Date1	make a date with.
Date1	go out together as sexual partners.
Date1	old-fashioned, obsolete. To date until now. Up to date
Date1	modern; fashionable; current.
Date2	dark oval single-stoned fruit.
Date2	tree bearing it.
Date-line	north–south line partly along the meridian
Date-line	80° from greenwich, to the east of which the date is a day earlier than to the west.
Date-line	date and place of writing at the head of a newspaper article etc.
Date-stamp	Adjustable rubber stamp etc. Used to record a date.
Date-stamp	Mark with a date-stamp.
Dative	Case expressing the indirect object or recipient.
Dative	Of or in this case.
Daub	spread
Daub	Crudely or roughly.
Daub	coat or smear
Daub	with paint etc.
Daub	paint crudely or unskilfully.
Daub	paint etc. Daubed on a surface.
Daub	plaster, clay, etc., esp. Coating laths or wattles to form a wall.
Daub	crude painting.
Daughter	girl or woman in relation to her parent
Daughter	female descendant.
Daughter	female member of a family etc.
Daughter	female descendant or inheritor of a quality etc.
Daughter-in-law	son's wife.
Daunt	Discourage, intimidate.
Dauntless	Intrepid, persevering.
Dauphin	Hist. Eldest son of the king of france.
Davenport	small writing-desk with a sloping top.
Davenport	us large sofa.
Davit	Small crane on board ship, esp. For moving or holding a lifeboat.
Davy	miner's safety lamp.
Davy jones	bottom of the sea, esp. As the sailors' graveyard.
Dawdle	walk slowly and idly.
Dawdle	waste time; procrastinate.
Dawn	daybreak.
Dawn	beginning or birth of something.
Dawn	begin; grow light.
Dawn	begin to become obvious
Dawn chorus	Bird-song at daybreak.
Day	time between sunrise and sunset.
Day	4 hours as a unit of time.
Day	corresponding period on other planets
Day	daylight
Day	time during which work is normally done
Day	a (also
Day	) Historical period
Day	present time
Day	prime of a person's life
Day	a future time
Day	date of a specific festival or event etc.
Day	battle or contest
Day	That will never happen.
Day-bed	Bed for daytime rest.
Day-boy	non-boarding pupil, esp. At a boarding school.
Daybreak	First light in the morning.
Day care	Care of young children, the elderly, the handicapped, etc. During the working day.
Day centre	Place for care of the elderly or handicapped during the day.
Day-dream	Pleasant fantasy or reverie.
Day-dream	Indulge in this.
Daylight	light of day.
Daylight	dawn.
Daylight	visible gap, e.g. Between boats in a race.
Daylight	(usu. In
Daylight	life or consciousness
Daylight robbery	Blatantly excessive charge.
Daylight saving	Longer summer evening daylight, achieved by putting clocks forward.
Day nursery	Nursery for children of working parents.
Day off	Day's holiday.
Day of reckoning	Time when something must be atoned for or avenged.
Day release	Part-time education for employees.
Day return	Reduced fare or ticket for a return journey in one day.
Day-room	Room, esp. In an institution, used during the day.
Day-school	School for pupils living at home.
Daytime	Part of the day when there is natural light.
Day-to-day	Mundane, routine.
Day-trip	Trip completed in one day.
Daze	stupefy, bewilder.
Daze	State of bewilderment.
Dazzle	blind or confuse temporarily with a sudden bright light.
Dazzle	impress or overpower with knowledge, ability, etc.
Dazzle	Bright confusing light.
Dazzle	Dazzlingly
Db	Decibel
Dbs	direct-broadcast satellite.
Dbs	direct broadcasting by satellite.
Dc	direct current.
Dc	district of columbia.
Dc	da capo.
Dd	Doctor of divinity.
D-day	day (6 june
D-day	944) on which allied forces invaded
D-day	France.
D-day	important or decisive day.
Ddt	Colourless chlorinated hydrocarbon used as insecticide.
De- 	forming verbs and their derivatives: a down, away
De- 	completely
De- 	added to verbs and their derivatives to form verbs and nouns implying removal or reversal
Deacon	(fem. (in senses
Deacon	and
Deacon	) deaconess)
Deacon	minister below bishop and priest.
Deacon	lay officer.
Deacon	minister of charity.
Deactivate	make inactive or less reactive.
Dead	no longer alive.
Dead	Extremely tired or unwell.
Dead	numb
Dead	insensitive to.
Dead	no longer effective or in use; extinct.
Dead	Extinguished.
Dead	inanimate.
Dead	a lacking force or vigour.
Dead	not resonant.
Dead	quiet; lacking activity
Dead	Not transmitting sounds.
Dead	out of play.
Dead	2 abrupt, complete
Dead	absolutely, completely
Dead	Very, extremely
Dead	Time of silence or inactivity
Dead	Fast asleep; unconscious.
Dead beat	Exhausted.
Dead-beat	Derelict, tramp.
Dead duck	unsuccessful or useless person or thing.
Deaden	deprive of or lose vitality, force, brightness, sound, feeling, etc.
Deaden	make insensitive.
Dead end	closed end of road, passage, etc.
Dead end	(often, with hyphen,
Dead end	) Hopeless situation, job, etc.
Deadhead	faded flower-head.
Deadhead	non-paying passenger or spectator.
Deadhead	useless person.
Deadhead	Remove deadheads from
Dead heat	race in which competitors tie.
Dead heat	result of such a race.
Dead language	Language no longer spoken, e.g. Latin.
Dead letter	Law or practice no longer observed or recognized.
Deadline	Time-limit.
Deadlock	state of unresolved conflict.
Deadlock	lock requiring a key to open or close it.
Deadlock	Bring or come to a standstill.
Dead loss	Useless person or thing.
Deadly	causing or able to cause fatal injury or serious damage.
Deadly	intense, extreme
Deadly	True; effective.
Deadly	deathlike
Deadly	Dreary, dull.
Deadly	like death; as if dead
Deadly	extremely
Deadly nightshade	Poisonous plant with purple-black berries.
Dead man's handle	device on an electric train disconnecting the power supply if released.
Dead march	Funeral march.
Dead on	Exactly right.
Deadpan	Lacking expression or emotion.
Dead reckoning	Calculation of a ship's position from the log, compass, etc., when visibility is bad.
Dead set	Determined attack.
Dead shot	Person who shoots extremely accurately.
Dead weight	a inert mass.
Dead weight	heavy burden.
Dead weight	debt not covered by assets.
Dead weight	total weight carried on a ship.
Dead wood	Useless person
Dead wood	or thing
Deafen	(often as deafening
Deafen	) Overpower with noise or make deaf by noise, esp. Temporarily.
Deaf mute	Deaf and dumb person.
Deal1	(past and
Deal1	Dealt)
Deal1	a take measures to resolve, placate, etc.
Deal1	do business with; associate with.
Deal1	discuss or treat
Deal1	behave in specified way
Deal1	sell
Deal1	distribute to several people etc.
Deal1	Distribute
Deal1	to players.
Deal1	administer
Deal1	assign, esp. Providentially
Deal1	large amount
Deal1	considerably
Deal1	Business arrangement; transaction.
Deal1	specified treatment
Deal1	a dealing of cards.
Deal1	player's turn to do this.
Deal2	fir or pine timber, esp. As boards of a standard size.
Deal2	board of this.
Dealer	trader in
Dealer	goods
Dealer	player dealing at cards.
Dealer	jobber on the stock exchange.
Dealings	pl. Contacts, conduct, or transactions.
Dean1	a head of the chapter of a cathedral or collegiate church.
Dean1	clergyman supervising parochial clergy.
Dean1	a college or university official with disciplinary and advisory functions.
Dean1	head of a university faculty or department or of a medical school.
Deanery	dean's house or position.
Deanery	parishes presided over by a rural dean.
Dear	a beloved or much esteemed.
Dear	as a merely polite or ironic form
Dear	as a formula of address, esp. Beginning a letter
Dear	precious; cherished.
Dear	Earnest
Dear	a expensive.
Dear	having high prices.
Dear	dear person.
Dear	At great cost
Dear	Expressing surprise, dismay, pity, etc.
Dearie	My dear.
Dearie	Expressing surprise, dismay, etc.
Dearth	Scarcity, lack.
Death	irreversible ending of life; dying or being killed.
Death	instance of this.
Death	destruction; ending
Death	being dead
Death	personification of death, esp. As a skeleton.
Death	lack of spiritual life.
Death	cause the death of.
Death	be annoying or harmful to. Catch one's death
Death	Catch a serious chill etc. Do to death
Death	kill.
Death	overdo. Fate worse than death
Death	Very unpleasant experience. Put to death kill or cause to be killed. To death to the utmost, extremely
Deathbed	Bed where a person dies.
Deathblow	blow etc. Causing death.
Deathblow	event etc. That destroys or ends something.
Death certificate	Official statement of a person's death.
Death duty	Hist. Property tax levied after death.
Deathly	suggestive of death
Deathly	In a deathly way
Death-mask	Cast taken of a dead person's face.
Death penalty	Punishment by death.
Death rate	Number of deaths per thousand of population per year.
Death-rattle	Gurgling in the throat sometimes heard at death.
Death row	Us part of a prison for those sentenced to death.
Death squad	Armed paramilitary group.
Death-trap	Dangerous building, vehicle, etc.
Death-warrant	order of execution.
Death-warrant	anything that causes the end of an established practice etc.
Death-watch	small beetle which makes a ticking sound, said to portend death.
Death-wish	Psychol. Alleged usu. Unconscious desire for death.
Deb	Débutante.
Debacle	a utter defeat or failure.
Debacle	sudden collapse.
Debacle	confused rush or rout.
Débâcle	a utter defeat or failure.
Débâcle	sudden collapse.
Débâcle	confused rush or rout.
Debag	remove the trousers of
Debag	, esp. As a joke.
Debar	exclude; prohibit
Debark	Land from a ship.
Debase	lower in quality, value, or character.
Debase	depreciate
Debase	by alloying etc.
Debatable	Questionable; disputable.
Debate	Discuss or dispute, esp. Formally.
Debate	consider aspects of
Debate	; ponder.
Debate	formal discussion on a particular matter.
Debate	discussion
Debauch	(as debauched
Debauch	) Dissolute.
Debauch	corrupt, deprave.
Debauch	debase
Debauch	Bout of sensual indulgence.
Debauchee	Debauched person.
Debauchery	Excessive sensual indulgence.
Debenture	Acknowledgement of indebtedness, esp.
Debenture	company bond providing for payment of interest at fixed intervals.
Debilitate	enfeeble, enervate.
Debility	Feebleness, esp. Of health.
Debit	entry in an account recording a sum owed.
Debit	sum recorded.
Debit	total of such sums.
Debit	debit side of an account.
Debit	enter on the debit side of an account
Debit	charge
Debit	with a debt
Debonair	cheerful, self-assured.
Debonair	pleasant-mannered.
Debouch	come out into open ground.
Debouch	Merge into a larger body or area.
Debrief	Question
Debrief	About a completed mission or undertaking.
Debris	scattered fragments, esp. Of wreckage.
Debris	accumulation of loose rock etc.
Debt	money etc. Owed
Debt	state of owing
Debt of honour	Debt not legally recoverable, esp.
Debt of honour	sum lost in gambling.
Debtor	Person owing money etc.
Debug	remove concealed microphones from
Debug	remove defects from
Debunk	Expose
Debunk	As spurious or false.
Debut	first public appearance
Début	first public appearance
Debutante	young woman making her social début.
Débutante	young woman making her social début.
Dec.	December.
Deca-	Form ten.
Decade	period of ten years.
Decade	series or group of ten.
Decadence	moral or cultural decline.
Decadence	immoral behaviour.
Decadence	Decadently
Decaffeinated	With caffeine removed or reduced.
Decagon	Plane figure with ten sides and angles.
Decahedron	Solid figure with ten faces.
Decaliter	metric unit of capacity, equal to
Decaliter	0 litres.
Decalitre	metric unit of capacity, equal to
Decalitre	0 litres.
Decalogue	Ten commandments.
Decameter	metric unit of length, equal to
Decameter	0 metres.
Decametre	metric unit of length, equal to
Decametre	0 metres.
Decamp	depart suddenly; abscond.
Decamp	break up or leave camp.
Decanal	of a dean.
Decanal	of the south side of a choir
Decant	gradually pour off
Decant	, esp. Leaving the sediment behind.
Decant	transfer as if by pouring.
Decanter	Stoppered glass container for decanted wine or spirit.
Decapitate	behead.
Decapod	crustacean with ten limbs for walking, e.g. The shrimp.
Decapod	ten-tentacled mollusc, e.g. The squid.
Decarbonize	remove the carbon etc. From
Decathlon	Athletic contest of ten events for all competitors.
Decay	rot or decompose.
Decay	decline or cause to decline in quality, power, etc.
Decay	undergo change by radioactivity.
Decay	rotten state; wasting away.
Decay	decline in health, quality, etc.
Decay	radioactive change.
Deceit	deception, esp. By concealing the truth.
Deceit	dishonest trick.
Deceitful	Using deceit.
Deceitful	Deceitfulness
Deceive	make
Deceive	believe what is false; purposely mislead.
Deceive	be unfaithful to, esp. Sexually.
Deceive	use deceit.
Decelerate	reduce speed.
December	Twelfth month of the year.
Decency	correct, honourable, or modest behaviour.
Decency	(in
Decency	) Proprieties; manners.
Decennial	Lasting, recurring every, ten years.
Decent	a conforming with standards of decency.
Decent	avoiding obscenity.
Decent	respectable.
Decent	acceptable, good enough.
Decent	kind, obliging.
Decentralize	transfer
Decentralize	From central to local authority.
Decentralize	reorganize to give greater local autonomy.
Deception	deceiving or being deceived.
Deception	thing that deceives.
Deceptive	Likely to deceive; misleading.
Deceptive	Deceptiveness
Deci-	Form one-tenth.
Decibel	Unit used in the comparison of sound levels or power levels of electrical signals.
Decide	resolve after consideration
Decide	resolve or settle
Decide	give a judgement.
Decided	(usu.
Decided	) Definite, unquestionable
Decided	positive, wilful, resolute.
Decidedly	Undoubtedly, undeniably.
Decider	game, race, etc., as a tie-break.
Decider	person or thing that decides.
Deciduous	shedding leaves annually.
Deciduous	Shed periodically.
Decigram	metric unit of mass, equal to
Deciliter	metric unit of capacity, equal to
Deciliter	.1 litre.
Decilitre	metric unit of capacity, equal to
Decilitre	.1 litre.
Decimal	Based on the number ten.
Decimal	of tenths or ten; reckoning or proceeding by tens.
Decimal	Decimal fraction.
Decimal fraction	Fraction expressed in tenths, hundredths, etc., esp. By units to the right of the decimal point (e.g.
Decimal fraction	.61).
Decimalize	express as a decimal.
Decimalize	convert to a decimal system
Decimal point	Dot placed before the fraction in a decimal fraction.
Decimate	destroy a large proportion of.
Decimate	orig. Rom. Hist. Kill or remove one in every ten of.
Decimeter	metric unit of length, equal to
Decimeter	.1 metre.
Decimetre	metric unit of length, equal to
Decimetre	.1 metre.
Decipher	convert
Decipher	into intelligible language.
Decipher	determine the meaning of
Decision	act or process of deciding.
Decision	resolution made after consideration
Decision	a settlement of a question.
Decision	formal judgement.
Decision	resoluteness.
Decisive	conclusive, settling an issue.
Decisive	quick to decide.
Decisive	Decisiveness
Deck	a platform in a ship serving as a floor.
Deck	the accommodation on a particular deck of a ship.
Deck	floor or compartment of a bus etc.
Deck	section for playing discs or tapes etc. In a sound system.
Deck	esp. Us pack of cards.
Deck	ground.
Deck	decorate.
Deck	provide with or cover as a deck.
Deck-chair	Folding garden chair of wood and canvas.
-decker	Form having a specified number of decks or layers
Deck-hand	Cleaner on a ship's deck.
Declaim	speak or say as if addressing an audience.
Declaim	protest forcefully.
Declaim	Declamatory
Declaration	declaring.
Declaration	formal, emphatic, or deliberate statement.
Declare	announce openly or formally
Declare	pronounce
Declare	assert emphatically.
Declare	acknowledge possession of
Declare	(as declared
Declare	) Admitting to be such
Declare	Cricket close
Declare	voluntarily before the team is out.
Declare	Cards name
Declare	Declaratory
Declare	Declarer
Declassify	declare
Declassify	To be no longer secret.
Declension	variation of the form of a noun, pronoun, or adjective to show its grammatical case etc.
Declension	class of nouns with the same inflexions.
Declension	deterioration, declining.
Declination	downward bend or turn.
Declination	angular distance of a star etc. North or south of the celestial equator.
Declination	deviation of a compass needle from true north.
Decline	deteriorate; lose strength or vigour; decrease.
Decline	Politely refuse
Decline	slope or bend downwards, droop.
Decline	State the forms of
Decline	gradual loss of vigour or excellence.
Decline	deterioration.
Declining years	pl. Old age.
Declivity	downward slope.
Declutch	Disengage the clutch of a motor vehicle.
Decoction	boiling down to extract an essence.
Decoction	the resulting liquid.
Decode	decipher.
Decoke	decarbonize.
Decoke	Process of this.
Décolletage	Low neckline of a woman's dress etc.
Décolleté	Having or wearing a low neckline.
Decompose	rot.
Decompose	separate
Decompose	Into its elements.
Decompress	Subject to decompression.
Decompression	release from compression.
Decompression	gradual reduction of high pressure on a deep-sea diver etc.
Decompression chamber	Enclosed space for decompression.
Decompression sickness	Condition caused by the sudden lowering of air pressure.
Decongestant	Medicine etc. That relieves nasal congestion.
Decontaminate	remove contamination from.
Décor	Furnishing and decoration of a room, stage set, etc.
Decorate	beautify, adorn.
Decorate	paint, wallpaper, etc.
Decorate	give a medal or award to.
Decorated style	Archit. Highly ornamented late english gothic style
Decoration	decorating.
Decoration	thing that decorates.
Decoration	medal etc. Worn as an honour.
Decoration	(in
Decoration	) Flags, tinsel, etc., put up on a festive occasion.
Decorative	Pleasing in appearance.
Decorator	Person who decorates for a living.
Decorous	Having or showing decorum.
Decorous	Decorousness
Decorum	Polite dignified behaviour.
Decoy	Person or thing used as a lure; bait, enticement.
Decoy	Lure, esp. Using a decoy.
Decrease	make or become smaller or fewer.
Decrease	decreasing.
Decrease	amount of this.
Decree	official legal order.
Decree	legal judgement or decision, esp. In divorce cases.
Decree	ordain by decree.
Decree absolute	Final order for completion of a divorce.
Decree nisi	Provisional order for divorce, made absolute after a fixed period.
Decrepit	weakened by age or infirmity.
Decrepit	dilapidated.
Decretal	Papal decree.
Decriminalize	cease to treat as criminal.
Decry	disparage, belittle.
Dedicate	devote
Dedicate	to a special task or purpose.
Dedicate	address
Dedicate	To a friend, patron, etc.
Dedicate	devote
Dedicate	To a deity, saint, etc.
Dedicate	(as dedicated
Dedicate	single-mindedly loyal to an aim, vocation, etc.
Dedicate	(of equipment, esp.
Dedication	dedicating or being dedicated.
Dedication	words with which a book etc. Is dedicated.
Deduce	infer logically.
Deduct	subtract, take away, or withhold
Deductible	That may be deducted, esp. From tax or taxable income.
Deduction	a deducting.
Deduction	amount deducted.
Deduction	a inferring of particular instances from a general law or principle.
Deduction	conclusion deduced.
Deductive	Of or reasoning by deduction.
Dee	letter d.
Dee	thing shaped like this.
Deed	thing done intentionally or consciously.
Deed	brave, skilful, or conspicuous act.
Deed	action
Deed	legal document used esp. For transferring ownership of property.
Deed-box	Strong box for deeds etc.
Deed of covenant	Agreement to pay a regular sum, esp. To charity.
Deed poll	Deed made by one party only, esp. To change one's name.
Deem	Formal consider, judge
Deemster	Judge in the isle of man.
Deep	extending far down or in
Deep	to or at a specified depth (water
Deep	feet deep).
Deep	in a specified number of ranks
Deep	situated or coming from far down, back, or in
Deep	low-pitched, full-toned
Deep	intense, extreme
Deep	Fully absorbed or overwhelmed
Deep	profound; difficult to understand
Deep	poet. Sea, esp. When deep.
Deep	abyss, pit, cavity.
Deep	cricket position of a fielder distant from the batsman.
Deep	deep state
Deep	Deeply; far down or in
Deep	Give way to anger or emotion. In deep water in trouble or difficulty.
Deep breathing	Breathing with long breaths, esp. As exercise.
Deepen	Make or become deep or deeper.
Deep-freeze	Cabinet for freezing and keeping food for long periods.
Deep-freeze	Freeze or store in a deep-freeze.
Deep-fry	Immerse in boiling fat to cook.
Deep-laid	secret and elaborate.
Deep-rooted	firmly established, profound.
Deer	four-hoofed grazing animal, the male of which usu. Has antlers.
Deerskin	(often
Deerskin	) Leather from a deer's skin.
Deerstalker	Soft cloth peaked cap with ear-flaps.
De-escalate	Make or become less intense.
Def	excellent.
Deface	disfigure.
De facto	In fact
De facto	Existing or so in fact
Defalcate	formal misappropriate, esp. Money.
Defalcation	Formal
Defalcation	a misappropriation of money.
Defalcation	amount misappropriated.
Defalcation	shortcoming.
Defame	libel; slander; speak ill of.
Defame	Defamatory
Default	failure to appear, pay, or act as one should.
Default	preselected option adopted by a computer program when no alternative is specified.
Default	Fail to fulfil (esp.
Default	legal) obligation.
Defeat	overcome in battle, a contest, etc.
Defeat	frustrate, baffle.
Defeat	reject
Defeat	By voting.
Defeat	Defeating or being defeated.
Defeatism	Excessive readiness to accept defeat.
Defecate	evacuate the bowels.
Defect	Fault, imperfection, shortcoming.
Defect	Leave one's country or cause for another.
Defect	Defector
Defective	Having defect
Defective	; imperfect.
Defence	defending, protection.
Defence	means of this.
Defence	(in
Defence	) Fortifications.
Defence	justification, vindication.
Defence	defendant's case or counsel in a lawsuit.
Defence	defending play or players.
Defence	Defencelessly
Defence	Defencelessness
Defence mechanism	body's resistance to disease.
Defence mechanism	usu. Unconscious mental process to avoid anxiety.
Defend	resist an attack made on; protect.
Defend	uphold by argument.
Defend	conduct a defence in a lawsuit.
Defend	compete to retain
Defend	In a contest.
Defendant	Person etc. Sued or accused in a lawcourt.
Defense	defending, protection.
Defense	means of this.
Defense	(in
Defense	) Fortifications.
Defense	justification, vindication.
Defense	defendant's case or counsel in a lawsuit.
Defense	defending play or players.
Defense	Defencelessly
Defense	Defencelessness
Defensible	justifiable; supportable by argument.
Defensible	able to be defended militarily.
Defensible	Defensibly
Defensive	done or intended for defence.
Defensive	over-reacting to criticism.
Defensive	expecting criticism.
Defensive	mil ready to defend.
Defensive	Defensiveness
Defer1	postpone.
Defer1	Deferral
Defer2	yield or make concessions to.
Deference	courteous regard, respect.
Deference	compliance with another's wishes.
Deferential	Respectful.
Deferred payment	Payment by instalments.
Defiance	Open disobedience; bold resistance.
Defiant	Showing defiance; disobedient.
Deficiency	being deficient.
Deficiency	lack or shortage.
Deficiency	thing lacking.
Deficiency	deficit, esp. Financial.
Deficiency disease	Disease caused by the lack of an essential element of diet.
Deficient	incomplete or insufficient in quantity, quality, etc.
Deficit	amount by which a thing
Deficit	is too small.
Deficit	excess of liabilities over assets.
Defile1	make dirty; pollute.
Defile1	desecrate, profane.
Defile2	Narrow gorge or pass.
Defile2	march in file.
Define	give the meaning of
Define	describe or explain the scope of
Define	outline clearly
Define	mark out the boundary of.
Definite	certain, sure.
Definite	clearly defined; not vague; precise.
Definition	a defining.
Definition	statement of the meaning of a word etc.
Definition	distinctness in outline, esp. Of a photographic image.
Definitive	Decisive, unconditional, final.
Definitive	Most authoritative.
Deflate	empty
Deflate	Of air, gas, etc.; be so emptied.
Deflate	lose confidence or conceit.
Deflate	a subject
Deflate	to deflation.
Deflate	pursue this as a policy.
Deflation	deflating or being deflated.
Deflation	reduction of money in circulation, intended to combat inflation.
Deflect	bend or turn aside from a course or purpose.
Deflect	deviate.
Deflect	. Deflector
Deflower	Literary
Deflower	deprive of virginity.
Deflower	ravage, spoil.
Defoliate	destroy the leaves of
Defoliate	Defoliation
Deforest	Clear of forests or trees.
Deform	Make ugly or misshapen, disfigure.
Deformed	misshapen.
Deformity	being deformed.
Deformity	malformation, esp. Of a body or limb.
Defraud	cheat by fraud.
Defray	Provide money for
Defray	Defrayment
Defrock	Deprive (esp.
Defrock	priest) of office.
Defrost	remove frost or ice from
Defrost	unfreeze
Defrost	become unfrozen.
Deft	Neat; dexterous; adroit.
Deft	Deftness
Defunct	no longer existing or used.
Defunct	dead or extinct.
Defuse	remove the fuse from
Defuse	reduce tension etc. In
Defy	resist openly; refuse to obey.
Defy	present insuperable obstacles to
Defy	Challenge
Defy	to do or prove something.
Degenerate	having lost its usual or good qualities; immoral, degraded.
Degenerate	biol. Having changed to a lower type.
Degenerate	Degenerate person or animal.
Degenerate	become degenerate.
Degeneration	becoming degenerate.
Degeneration	med. Morbid deterioration of body tissue etc.
Degrade	humiliate, dishonour.
Degrade	reduce to a lower rank.
Degrade	chem. Reduce to a simpler molecular structure.
Degrade	Degrading
Degree	stage in a scale, series, or process.
Degree	stage in intensity or amount
Degree	unit of measurement of an angle or arc.
Degree	unit in a scale of temperature, hardness, etc.
Degree	extent of burns.
Degree	academic rank conferred by a polytechnic, university, etc.
Degree	grade of crime
Degree	step in direct genealogical descent.
Degree	social rank.
Dehisce	Gape or burst open.
Dehisce	Dehiscent
Dehumanize	take human qualities away from.
Dehumanize	make impersonal.
Dehydrate	remove water from
Dehydrate	make or become dry, esp. Too dry.
De-ice	remove ice from.
De-ice	prevent the formation of ice on.
Deify	make a god or idol of.
Deign	Think fit, condescend.
Deinstitutionalize	(usu. As deinstitutionalized
Deinstitutionalize	) Remove from an institution or help recover from the effects of institutional life.
Deism	Reasoned belief in the existence of a god.
Deism	Deistic
Deity	god or goddess.
Deity	divine status or nature.
Deity	god.
Déjà vu	feeling of having already experienced the present situation.
Déjà vu	something tediously familiar.
Deject	(usu. As dejected
Deject	) Make sad; depress.
Deject	Dejection
De jure	Rightful.
De jure	Rightfully; by right.
Dekko	look, glance.
Delay	postpone; defer.
Delay	make or be late; loiter.
Delay	delaying or being delayed.
Delay	time lost by this.
Delay	hindrance.
Delayed-action	Operating after a set interval.
Delectable	Esp. Literary delightful, delicious.
Delectation	Literary pleasure, enjoyment.
Delegate	elected representative sent to a conference.
Delegate	member of a committee or delegation.
Delegate	a commit
Delegate	To an agent or deputy.
Delegate	entrust
Delegate	to another.
Delegate	send or authorize
Delegate	as a representative.
Delegation	group representing others.
Delegation	delegating or being delegated.
Delete	remove
Delete	, esp. By striking out.
Deleterious	Harmful.
Delft	glazed, usu. Blue and white, earthenware.
Deli	Delicatessen shop.
Deliberate	a intentional.
Deliberate	considered; careful.
Deliberate	Unhurried; cautious.
Deliberate	think carefully; consider.
Deliberate	discuss
Deliberation	careful consideration; discussion.
Deliberation	careful slowness.
Deliberative	Of or for deliberation or debate.
Delicacy	being delicate
Delicacy	a choice food.
Delicate	a fine in texture, quality, etc.; slender, slight.
Delicate	Subtle, hard to discern.
Delicate	susceptible; weak, tender.
Delicate	a requiring tact; tricky
Delicate	highly sensitive.
Delicate	deft
Delicate	modest.
Delicate	considerate.
Delicatessen	shop selling esp. Exotic cooked meats, cheeses, etc.
Delicatessen	(often
Delicatessen	) Such foods.
Delicious	Highly enjoyable, esp. To taste or smell.
Delight	(often as delighted
Delight	) Please greatly
Delight	take great pleasure in
Delight	great pleasure.
Delight	thing that delights.
Delight	Delightful
Delight	Delightfully
Delimit	fix the limits or boundary of.
Delineate	portray by drawing etc. Or in words.
Delinquent	Offender
Delinquent	guilty of a minor crime or misdeed.
Delinquent	failing in one's duty.
Deliquesce	become liquid, melt.
Deliquesce	dissolve in water absorbed from the air.
Deliquesce	Deliquescent
Delirious	affected with delirium.
Delirious	wildly excited, ecstatic.
Delirium	disorder involving incoherent speech, hallucinations, etc., caused by intoxication, fever, etc.
Delirium	great excitement, ecstasy.
Delirium tremens	Psychosis of chronic alcoholism involving tremors and hallucinations.
Deliver	a distribute
Deliver	To their destination
Deliver	hand over.
Deliver	save, rescue, or set free.
Deliver	a give birth to
Deliver	assist at the birth of or in giving birth
Deliver	utter
Deliver	abandon; resign
Deliver	launch or aim
Deliver	Carry out an undertaking.
Deliverance	Rescuing or being rescued.
Delivery	delivering or being delivered.
Delivery	regular distribution of letters etc.
Delivery	thing delivered.
Delivery	childbirth.
Delivery	deliverance.
Delivery	style of throwing a ball, delivering a speech, etc.
Dell	Small usu. Wooded valley.
Delouse	rid of lice.
Delphic	obscure, ambiguous, or enigmatic.
Delphic	of the ancient greek oracle at delphi.
Delphinium	garden plant with tall spikes of usu. Blue flowers.
Delta	triangular area of earth, alluvium etc. At the mouth of a river, formed by its diverging outlets.
Delta	a fourth letter of the greek alphabet
Delta	fourth-class mark for work etc.
Delta wing	Triangular swept-back wing of an aircraft.
Delude	deceive, mislead.
Deluge	great flood.
Deluge	biblical flood (gen.
Deluge	-8).
Deluge	overwhelming rush.
Deluge	heavy fall of rain.
Deluge	flood or inundate
Delusion	false belief, hope, etc.
Delusion	hallucination.
Delusion	Delusory
De luxe	Luxurious; superior; sumptuous.
Delve	search or research energetically or deeply
Delve	poet. Dig.
Demagnetize	remove the magnetic properties of.
Demagog	political agitator appealing to mob instincts.
Demagog	Demagogy
Demagogue	political agitator appealing to mob instincts.
Demagogue	Demagogy
Demand	insistent and peremptory request.
Demand	desire for a commodity
Demand	urgent claim
Demand	ask for insistently
Demand	require
Demand	insist on being told
Demand	(as demanding
Demand	) Requiring skill, effort, attention, etc.
Demand feeding	Feeding a baby when it cries.
Demarcation	marking of a boundary or limits.
Demarcation	trade-union practice of restricting a specific job to one union.
Dematerialize	make or become non-material; vanish.
Demean	Lower the dignity of
Demeanor	outward behaviour or bearing.
Demeanour	outward behaviour or bearing.
Demented	Mad.
Dementia	Chronic insanity.
Dementia praecox	Formal schizophrenia.
Demerara	Light-brown cane sugar.
Demerger	Dissolution of a commercial merger.
Demerit	Fault; blemish.
Demesne	a territory; domain.
Demesne	land attached to a mansion etc.
Demesne	landed property.
Demesne	region or sphere.
Demesne	law hist. Possession
Demesne	as one's own.
Demi- 	half; partly.
Demigod	a partly divine being.
Demigod	child of a god or goddess and a mortal.
Demigod	Godlike person.
Demijohn	Large bottle usu. In a wicker cover.
Demilitarize	remove an army etc. From
Demi-monde	class of women considered to be of doubtful morality.
Demi-monde	any semi-respectable group.
Demise	death; termination.
Demise	law transfer of an estate, title, etc. By demising.
Demise	law transfer
Demise	By will, lease, or death.
Demisemiquaver	Note equal to half a semiquaver.
Demist	Clear mist from
Demob	demobilize.
Demob	Demobilization.
Demobilize	disband
Democracy	a government by the whole population, usu. Through elected representatives.
Democracy	state so governed.
Democracy	classless and tolerant society.
Democrat	advocate of democracy.
Democrat	member of the democratic party.
Democratic	of, like, practising, or being a democracy.
Democratic	favouring social equality.
Democratic party	More liberal of the two main us political parties.
Democratize	make democratic.
Demodulate	extract
Demodulate	from its carrier.
Demography	The study of the statistics of births, deaths, disease, etc.
Demography	Demographically
Demolish	a pull down
Demolish	destroy.
Demolish	overthrow
Demolish	refute
Demolish	joc. Eat up voraciously.
Demon	a evil spirit or devil.
Demon	personification of evil passion.
Demon	(often
Demon	) Forceful or skilful performer
Demon	cruel person.
Demon	supernatural being in ancient greece.
Demonetize	withdraw
Demonetize	From use.
Demoniac	fiercely energetic or frenzied.
Demoniac	supposedly possessed by an evil spirit.
Demoniac	of or like demons.
Demoniac	Demoniac person.
Demoniac	Demoniacally
Demonism	Belief in demons.
Demonolatry	Worship of demons.
Demonology	The study of demons etc.
Demonstrable	Able to be shown or proved.
Demonstrate	show
Demonstrate	describe and explain by experiment, practical use, etc.
Demonstrate	logically prove or be proof of the truth or existence of.
Demonstrate	take part in a public demonstration.
Demonstrate	act as a demonstrator.
Demonstration	show of feeling etc.
Demonstration	public meeting, march, etc.
Demonstration	the exhibiting etc. Of specimens or experiments in esp. Scientific teaching.
Demonstration	proof by logic, argument, etc.
Demonstration	mil. Display of military force.
Demonstrative	showing feelings readily; affectionate.
Demonstrative	logically conclusive; giving proof
Demonstrative	indicating the person or thing referred to
Demonstrative	Demonstrativeness
Demonstrator	person who demonstrates politically.
Demonstrator	person who demonstrates machines etc. To prospective customers.
Demonstrator	person who teaches by esp. Scientific demonstration.
Demoralize	destroy the morale of; dishearten.
Demote	reduce to a lower rank or class.
Demotic	colloquial form of a language.
Demotic	simplified form of ancient egyptian writing
Demotic	colloquial or vulgar.
Demotic	of ancient egyptian or modern greek demotic.
Demotivate	Cause to lose motivation or incentive.
Demur	raise objections.
Demur	law put in a demurrer.
Demur	Objection; objecting
Demure	quiet, reserved; modest.
Demure	coy.
Demure	Demureness
Demurrer	Law objection raised or exception taken.
Demystify	remove the mystery from; clarify.
Den	wild animal's lair.
Den	place of crime or vice
Den	small private room.
Denarius	ancient roman silver coin.
Denary	Of ten; decimal.
Denationalize	transfer
Denationalize	From public to private ownership.
Denature	change the properties of
Denature	By heat, acidity, etc.
Denature	make
Denature	undrinkable.
Dendrochronology	dating of trees by their annual growth rings.
Dendrochronology	the study of these.
Dendrology	The study of trees.
Dendrology	Dendrologist
Dene	narrow wooded valley.
Dengue	Infectious tropical viral fever.
Deniable	That may be denied.
Denial	denying the truth or existence of a thing.
Denial	refusal of a request or wish.
Denial	disavowal of a leader etc.
Denier	Unit of weight measuring the fineness of silk, nylon, etc.
Denigrate	blacken the reputation of.
Denigrate	Denigrator
Denigrate	Denigratory
Denim	(often
Denim	) Hard-wearing usu. Blue cotton twill used for jeans, overalls, etc.
Denim	(in
Denim	Jeans etc. Made of this.
Denizen	inhabitant or occupant.
Denizen	foreigner having certain rights in an adopted country.
Denizen	naturalized foreign word, animal, or plant.
Denominate	give a name to, call, describe as.
Denomination	church or religious sect.
Denomination	class of measurement or money.
Denomination	name, esp.
Denomination	characteristic or class name.
Denominator	Number below the line in a vulgar fraction; divisor.
Denote	be a sign of; indicate; mean.
Denote	stand as a name for; signify.
Denouement	final unravelling of a plot or complicated situation.
Denouement	final scene in a play, novel, etc.
Denounce	accuse publicly; condemn.
Denounce	inform against.
Denounce	announce withdrawal from
De novo	Starting again; anew.
Dense	closely compacted; crowded together; thick.
Dense	Stupid.
Dense	Denseness
Density	denseness of thing
Density	or a substance.
Density	physics degree of consistency measured by the quantity of mass per unit volume.
Density	opacity of a photographic image.
Dent	slight hollow as made by a blow or pressure.
Dent	noticeable adverse effect
Dent	mark with a dent.
Dent	adversely affect.
Dental	of the teeth or dentistry.
Dental	produced with the tongue-tip against the upper front teeth
Dental	or the ridge of the teeth
Dental floss	Thread used to clean between the teeth.
Dental surgeon	Dentist.
Dentate	Bot.
Dentate	zool. Toothed; with toothlike notches.
Dentifrice	Toothpaste or tooth powder.
Dentin	hard dense tissue forming the bulk of a tooth.
Dentine	hard dense tissue forming the bulk of a tooth.
Dentist	Person qualified to treat, extract, etc., teeth.
Dentition	type, number, and arrangement of teeth in a species etc.
Dentition	teething.
Denture	Removable artificial tooth or teeth.
Denuclearize	remove nuclear weapons from
Denude	make naked or bare.
Denude	strip of
Denunciation	Denouncing; public condemnation.
Deny	declare untrue or non-existent.
Deny	repudiate or disclaim.
Deny	withhold
Deny	from
Deodar	Himalayan cedar.
Deodorant	(often
Deodorant	) Substance applied to the body or sprayed into the air to conceal smells.
Deodorize	remove or destroy the smell of.
Dep.	departs.
Dep.	deputy.
Depart	go away; leave.
Depart	start; set out.
Depart	deviate
Depart	esp. Formal or literary leave by death; die
Departed	Bygone.
Departed	euphem. Dead person or people.
Department	separate part of a complex whole, esp.: a a branch of administration
Department	a division of a school, college, etc., by subject
Department	a section of a large store
Department	Area of special expertise.
Department	administrative district, esp. In france.
Departmental	Of a department.
Department store	Large shop with many departments.
Departure	departing.
Departure	deviation
Departure	(often
Departure	) Departing of a train, aircraft, etc.
Departure	new course of action or thought
Depend	be controlled or determined by
Depend	a need
Depend	rely on
Dependable	Reliable.
Dependable	Dependableness
Dependable	Dependably
Dependant	person supported, esp. Financially, by another.
Dependence	depending or being dependent, esp. Financially.
Dependence	reliance; trust.
Dependency	country or province controlled by another.
Dependent	depending, conditional.
Dependent	unable to do without (esp.
Dependent	drug).
Dependent	maintained at another's cost.
Dependent	Subordinate to a sentence or word.
Dependent	Us var. Of *dependant.
Depict	represent in drawing or painting etc.
Depict	portray in words; describe.
Depict	. Depiction
Depilate	remove hair from.
Depilatory	Removing unwanted hair.
Depilatory	depilatory substance.
Deplete	reduce in numbers, force, or quantity; exhaust.
Deplorable	Exceedingly bad.
Deplore	regret deeply.
Deplore	find exceedingly bad.
Deploy	spread out
Deploy	into a line ready for action.
Deploy	use
Deploy	Effectively.
Depoliticize	make non-political.
Deponent	(of esp.
Deponent	latin or greek verb) passive in form but active in meaning.
Deponent	deponent verb.
Deponent	person making deposition under oath.
Depopulate	reduce the population of.
Deport	remove forcibly or exile to another country; banish.
Deport	refl. Behave
Deport	(in sense
Deportee	Deported person.
Deportment	Bearing, demeanour.
Depose	remove from office, esp. Dethrone.
Depose	law
Depose	testify, esp. On oath.
Deposit	a money in a bank account.
Deposit	anything stored for safe keeping.
Deposit	a payment made as a pledge for a contract or as an initial part payment for a thing bought.
Deposit	returnable sum paid on the hire of an item.
Deposit	a natural layer of sand, rock, coal, etc.
Deposit	layer of accumulated matter on a surface.
Deposit	a put or lay down
Deposit	Leave
Deposit	Lying.
Deposit	a store or entrust for keeping.
Deposit	pay
Deposit	into a bank account.
Deposit	pay
Deposit	as part of a larger sum or as a pledge for a contract.
Deposit account	Bank account that pays interest but is not usu. Immediately accessible.
Depositary	person to whom a thing is entrusted.
Deposition	deposing, esp. Dethronement.
Deposition	sworn evidence; giving of this.
Deposition	taking down of christ from the cross.
Deposition	depositing or being deposited.
Depositor	Person who deposits money, property, etc.
Depository	a storehouse.
Depository	store
Depot	a storehouse, esp. For military supplies.
Depot	headquarters of a regiment.
Depot	a place where vehicles, e.g. Buses, are kept.
Depot	us railway or bus station.
Deprave	corrupt, esp. Morally.
Depravity	moral corruption; wickedness.
Deprecate	express disapproval of; deplore.
Deprecate	Deprecatory
Depreciate	diminish in value.
Depreciate	belittle.
Depreciation	a decline in value, esp. Due to wear and tear.
Depreciation	allowance made for this.
Depreciation	belittlement.
Depredation	(usu. In
Depredation	) Despoiling, ravaging.
Depress	make dispirited or sad.
Depress	push down; lower.
Depress	reduce the activity of
Depress	(as depressed
Depress	miserable.
Depress	suffering from depression.
Depress	Depressingly
Depressant	Reducing activity, esp. Of a body function.
Depressant	Depressant substance.
Depressed area	Area of economic depression.
Depression	extreme melancholy, often with a reduction in vitality and physical symptoms.
Depression	econ. Long period of slump.
Depression	lowering of atmospheric pressure; winds etc. Caused by this.
Depression	hollow on a surface.
Depression	pressing down.
Depressive	tending to depress
Depressive	of or tending towards depression
Depressive	Person suffering from depression.
Deprivation	Depriving or being deprived
Deprive	prevent from having or enjoying.
Deprive	(as deprived
Deprive	) Lacking what is needed for well-being; underprivileged.
Dept.	Department.
Depth	a deepness.
Depth	measurement from the top down, from the surface inwards, or from front to back.
Depth	difficulty; abstruseness.
Depth	a wisdom.
Depth	intensity of emotion etc.
Depth	intensity of colour, darkness, etc.
Depth	(usu. In
Depth	deep water or place; abyss.
Depth	low, depressed state.
Depth	lowest, central, or inmost part
Depth	in water over one's head.
Depth	engaged in a task etc. Too difficult for one.
Depth-charge	Bomb exploding under water.
Deputation	Delegation.
Depute	delegate
Depute	authorize as representative.
Deputize	act as deputy.
Deputy	person appointed to act for another (also
Deputy	: deputy manager).
Deputy	parliamentary representative in some countries.
Derail	cause
Derail	To leave the rails.
Derange	make insane.
Derange	disorder, disturb.
Derby	a annual flat horse-race at epsom.
Derby	similar race elsewhere.
Derby	important sporting contest.
Derby	us bowler hat.
Derecognize	cease to recognize the status of (esp.
Derecognize	trade union).
Deregulate	remove regulations from.
Derelict	dilapidated.
Derelict	abandoned, ownerless.
Derelict	vagrant.
Derelict	abandoned property.
Dereliction	neglect; failure to carry out obligations.
Dereliction	abandoning or being abandoned.
Derestrict	Remove restrictions
Derestrict	from.
Deride	mock.
De rigueur	Required by fashion or etiquette
Derisory	scoffing, ironical
Derisory	ridiculously small
Derivation	deriving or being derived.
Derivation	a formation of a word from another or from a root.
Derivation	tracing of the origin of a word.
Derivation	statement of this.
Derivative	Derived; not original
Derivative	derived word or thing.
Derivative	math. Quantity measuring the rate of change of another.
Derive	get or trace from a source
Derive	arise from, originate in
Derive	show or state the origin or formation of
Dermatitis	Inflammation of the skin.
Dermatology	The study of skin diseases.
Dermatology	Dermatologist
Dermis	the skin.
Dermis	layer of living tissue below the epidermis.
Derogate	formal detract from
Derogatory	Disparaging; insulting
Derrick	crane for heavy weights, with a movable pivoted arm.
Derrick	framework over an oil well etc., holding the drilling machinery.
Derring-do	Literary joc. Heroic courage or actions.
Derris	tropical climbing plant.
Derris	insecticide made from its root.
Derv	Diesel oil for road vehicles.
Dervish	Member of a muslim fraternity vowed to poverty and austerity.
Des	Department of education and science.
Desalinate	remove the salt from
Descale	remove scale from.
Descant	harmonizing treble melody above the basic melody, esp. Of a hymn tune.
Descant	poet. Melody; song.
Descant	talk prosily, esp. In praise of.
Descend	go or come down.
Descend	sink, fall.
Descend	slope downwards.
Descend	make a sudden attack or visit.
Descend	Be passed on by inheritance.
Descend	a sink in rank, quality, etc.
Descend	stoop to
Descendant	Person or thing descended from another.
Descent	act or way of descending.
Descent	downward slope.
Descent	lineage, family origin.
Descent	decline; fall.
Descent	sudden attack.
Describe	a state the characteristics, appearance, etc. Of.
Describe	assert to be; call
Describe	a draw (esp.
Describe	geometrical figure).
Describe	move in (a specified way, esp.
Describe	curve)
Description	a describing or being described.
Description	representation, esp. In words.
Description	sort, kind
Descriptive	Describing, esp. Vividly.
Descry	literary catch sight of; discern.
Desecrate	violate
Desecrate	With violence, profanity, etc.
Desecrate	Desecrator
Desegregate	abolish racial segregation in.
Deselect	Reject (a selected candidate, esp.
Deselect	sitting mp) in favour of another.
Desensitize	reduce or destroy the sensitivity of.
Desert1	leave without intending to return.
Desert1	(esp. As deserted
Desert1	) Forsake, abandon.
Desert1	run away
Desert1	(in sense
Desert1	). Desertion
Desert2	Dry barren, esp. Sandy, tract.
Desert2	Uninhabited, desolate, barren.
Desert2	Dry barren, esp. Sandy, tract.
Desert2	Uninhabited, desolate, barren.
Desert3	(in
Desert3	) Deserved reward or punishment
Desert3	being worthy of reward or punishment.
Desert boot	Suede etc. Ankle-high boot.
Desertification	Making or becoming a desert.
Desert island	uninhabited island.
Deserve	Be worthy of
Deserving	worthy
Déshabillé	state of partial undress.
Desiccate	remove moisture from
Desideratum	something lacking but desirable.
Design	a preliminary plan or sketch for making something.
Design	art of producing these.
Design	lines or shapes forming a pattern or decoration.
Design	plan, purpose, or intention.
Design	a arrangement or layout of a product.
Design	established version of a product.
Design	produce a design for
Design	intend or plan
Design	be a designer.
Designate	appoint to an office or function.
Designate	specify
Designate	describe as; style.
Designate	serve as the name or symbol of.
Designate	appointed to office but not yet installed.
Designation	name, description, or title.
Designation	designating.
Designedly	On purpose.
Designer	person who designs e.g. Clothing, machines, theatre sets; draughtsman.
Designer	Bearing the label of a famous designer; prestigious.
Designer drug	Synthetic analogue of an illegal drug.
Designing	Crafty, scheming.
Desirable	worth having or doing.
Desirable	sexually attractive.
Desirable	Desirableness
Desirable	Desirably
Desire	a unsatisfied longing or wish.
Desire	expression of this; request.
Desire	sexual appetite.
Desire	something desired
Desire	long for; wish.
Desire	request
Desirous	desiring, wanting
Desirous	wanting; hoping
Desist	abstain; cease.
Desk	piece of furniture with a surface for writing on, and often drawers.
Desk	counter in a hotel, bank, etc.
Desk	specialized section of a newspaper office
Desk	unit of two orchestral players sharing a stand.
Desktop	working surface of a desk.
Desktop	for use on an ordinary desk.
Desktop publishing	Printing with a desktop computer and high-quality printer.
Desolate	left alone; solitary.
Desolate	uninhabited, ruined, dreary
Desolate	forlorn; wretched.
Desolate	depopulate, devastate; lay waste.
Desolate	(esp. As desolated
Desolate	) Make wretched.
Desolate	Desolateness
Desolation	desolating or being desolated.
Desolation	loneliness, grief, etc., esp. Caused by desertion.
Desolation	neglected, ruined, or empty state.
Despair	complete loss or absence of hope.
Despair	cause of this.
Despair	lose or be without hope
Desperado	desperate or reckless criminal etc.
Desperate	reckless from despair; violent and lawless.
Desperate	a extremely dangerous, serious, or bad
Desperate	staking all on a small chance
Desperate	needing or desiring very much
Desperate	Desperateness
Desperate	Desperation
Despicable	Vile; contemptible, esp. Morally.
Despise	regard as inferior, worthless, or contemptible.
Despite	In spite of.
Despoil	Literary
Despoil	plunder; rob; deprive.
Despondent	In low spirits, dejected.
Despondent	Despondency
Despondent	Despondently
Despot	absolute ruler.
Despot	tyrant.
Despot	Despotically
Despotism	rule by a despot; tyranny.
Despotism	country ruled by a despot.
Des res	desirable residence.
Dessert	sweet course of a meal.
Dessert	fruit, nuts, etc., served at the end of a meal.
Dessertspoon	medium-sized spoon for dessert.
Dessertspoon	amount held by this.
Destabilize	make unstable.
Destabilize	subvert (esp.
Destabilize	foreign government).
Destination	Place a person or thing is bound for.
Destine	Appoint; preordain; intend
Destiny	a fate.
Destiny	this regarded as a power.
Destiny	particular person's fate etc.
Destitute	without food, shelter, etc.
Destitute	lacking
Destroy	pull or break down; demolish.
Destroy	kill
Destroy	make useless; spoil.
Destroy	ruin, esp. Financially.
Destroy	defeat.
Destroyer	person or thing that destroys.
Destroyer	fast armed warship escorting other ships.
Destructible	Able to be destroyed.
Destruction	destroying or being destroyed.
Destruction	cause of this.
Destructive	destroying or tending to destroy.
Destructive	negatively critical.
Destructive	Destructiveness
Desuetude	Formal state of disuse
Desultory	constantly turning from one subject to another.
Desultory	disconnected; unmethodical.
Detach	unfasten or disengage and remove.
Detach	send
Detach	On a separate mission.
Detach	(as detached
Detach	impartial; unemotional.
Detach	standing separate.
Detachment	a aloofness; indifference.
Detachment	impartiality.
Detachment	detaching or being detached.
Detachment	troops etc. Detached for a specific purpose.
Detail	small particular; item.
Detail	a these collectively
Detail	treatment of them
Detail	a minor decoration on a building etc.
Detail	small part of a picture etc. Shown alone.
Detail	small military detachment.
Detail	give particulars of.
Detail	relate circumstantially.
Detail	assign for special duty.
Detail	(as detailed
Detail	Containing many details.
Detail	itemized
Detain	keep waiting; delay.
Detain	keep in custody, lock up.
Detainee	Person kept in custody, esp. For political reasons.
Detect	discover or perceive
Detect	discover
Detect	; solve
Detect	Detector
Detection	detecting or being detected.
Detection	work of a detective.
Detective	Person, esp.
Detective	police officer, investigating crimes.
Détente	Easing of strained, esp. International, relations.
Detention	detaining or being detained.
Detention	being kept late in school as a punishment.
Detention centre	Short-term prison for young offenders.
Deter	discourage or prevent, esp. Through fear.
Detergent	Synthetic cleansing agent used with water.
Detergent	Cleansing.
Deteriorate	become worse.
Determinant	Determining.
Determinant	determining factor etc.
Determinant	quantity obtained by the addition of products of the elements of a square matrix according to a given rule.
Determinate	Limited, of definite scope or nature.
Determination	firmness of purpose; resoluteness.
Determination	process of deciding or determining.
Determine	find out or establish precisely.
Determine	decide or settle; resolve.
Determine	be the decisive factor in regard to
Determined	Showing determination; resolute, unflinching.
Determinism	Doctrine that human actions, events, etc. Are determined by causes external to the will.
Determinism	Deterministic
Determinism	Deterministically
Deterrent	Deterring.
Deterrent	Deterrent thing or factor
Detest	Hate violently, loathe.
Detestable	Intensely disliked; hateful.
Dethrone	remove from a throne, depose.
Detonate	set off
Detonate	; be set off.
Detonator	Device for detonating explosives.
Detour	Divergence from a usual route; roundabout course.
Detoxify	remove poison or harmful substances from.
Detract	take away
Detract	; diminish; make seem less valuable or important.
Detractor	Person who criticizes unfairly.
Detriment	harm, damage.
Detriment	cause of this.
Detritus	Gravel, sand, etc. Produced by erosion; debris.
De trop	Not wanted, in the way.
Deuce1	two on dice or playing-cards.
Deuce1	tennis score of
Deuce1	0 all.
Deuce2	The devil, esp. As an exclamation of surprise or annoyance
Deus ex machina	Unlikely agent resolving a seemingly hopeless situation, esp. In a play or novel.
Deuterium	Stable isotope of hydrogen with a mass about double that of the usual isotope.
Deutschmark	chief monetary unit of germany.
Devalue	reduce the value of.
Devalue	reduce the value of
Devalue	in relation to others or to gold.
Devastate	lay waste; cause great destruction to.
Devastate	overwhelm with shock or grief.
Devastating	Crushingly effective; overwhelming.
Develop	a make or become bigger, fuller, more elaborate, etc.
Develop	bring or come to an active, visible, or mature state.
Develop	begin to exhibit or suffer from
Develop	a build on
Develop	convert
Develop	to new use.
Develop	treat
Develop	To make the image visible.
Developing country	Poor or primitive country.
Development	developing or being developed.
Development	a stage of growth or advancement.
Development	thing that has developed; new event or circumstance etc.
Development	full-grown state.
Development	developed land; group of buildings.
Development area	Area where new industries are encouraged by the state.
Deviant	Deviating from what is normal, esp. Sexually.
Deviant	Deviant person or thing.
Deviant	Deviancy
Deviate	turn aside or diverge
Device	thing made or adapted for a special purpose.
Device	plan, scheme, or trick.
Device	design, esp. Heraldic.
Devil	supreme spirit of evil; satan.
Devil	a evil spirit; demon.
Devil	personified evil.
Devil	a wicked person.
Devil	mischievously clever person.
Devil	Person of a specified kind
Devil	fighting spirit, mischievousness
Devil	Awkward thing.
Devil	Used as an exclamation of surprise or annoyance
Devil	literary hack.
Devil	junior legal counsel.
Devil	cook
Devil	with hot seasoning.
Devil	act as devil for an author or barrister.
Devil	us harass, worry.
Devil	devil of
Devil	Considerable, difficult, or remarkable. Devil's own
Devil	Very difficult or unusual
Devil	. The devil to pay trouble to be expected. Speak
Devil	of the devil said when person appears just after being mentioned.
Devilish	of or like a devil; wicked.
Devilish	mischievous.
Devilish	Very.
Devil-may-care	Cheerful and reckless.
Devilment	Mischief, wild spirits.
Devilry	wickedness; reckless mischief.
Devilry	black magic.
Devil's advocate	Person who argues against a proposition to test it.
Devils-on-horseback	pl. Savoury of prunes or plums wrapped in bacon.
Devious	not straightforward, underhand.
Devious	winding, circuitous.
Devious	Deviousness
Devise	carefully plan or invent.
Devise	law leave
Devise	by will.
Devoid	lacking or free from.
Devolution	Delegation of power, esp. To local or regional administration.
Devolve	Pass
Devolve	or be passed to
Devolve	Descend to.
Devonian	Of the fourth period of the palaeozoic era.
Devonian	This period.
Devote	apply or give over to
Devoted	Loving; loyal.
Devotee	zealous enthusiast or supporter.
Devotee	pious person.
Devotion	great love or loyalty.
Devotion	a religious worship.
Devotion	) Prayers.
Devour	eat voraciously.
Devour	Engulf, destroy.
Devour	take in eagerly
Devour	preoccupy
Devout	Earnestly religious or sincere.
Devout	Devoutness
Dew	condensed water vapour forming on cool surfaces at night.
Dew	similar glistening moisture.
Dewberry	bluish fruit like the blackberry.
Dew-claw	Rudimentary inner toe on some dogs.
Dewdrop	Drop of dew.
Dewey system	Decimal system of library classification.
Dewlap	Loose fold of skin hanging from the throat of cattle, dogs, etc.
Dew point	Temperature at which dew forms.
Dexter	Esp. Heraldry on or of the right-hand side
Dexter	of a shield etc.
Dexterity	skill in using one's hands.
Dexterity	mental adroitness.
Dexterous	having or showing dexterity.
Dexterous	Dexterousness
Dextrin	Soluble gummy substance used as a thickening agent, adhesive, etc.
Dextrose	Form of glucose.
Dfc	Distinguished flying cross.
Dfm	Distinguished flying medal.
Dhal	a kind of split pulse common in india.
Dhal	dish made with this.
Dharma	Ind.
Dharma	social custom; correct behaviour.
Dharma	the buddhist truth.
Dharma	the hindu moral law.
Dhoti	loincloth worn by male hindus.
Di-1	Form two-, double.
Di-3 	form of *dia- before a vowel.
Dia.	Diameter.
Dia- 	through
Dia- 	apart
Dia- 	across
Diabetes	Disease in which sugar and starch are not properly absorbed by the body.
Diabetic	of or having diabetes.
Diabetic	for diabetics.
Diabetic	Person suffering from diabetes.
Diabolical	of the devil.
Diabolical	devilish; inhumanly cruel or wicked.
Diabolical	extremely bad, clever, or annoying.
Diabolism	worship of the devil.
Diabolism	sorcery.
Diachronic	Of a thing's historical development.
Diaconal	Of a deacon.
Diaconate	position of deacon.
Diaconate	body of deacons.
Diacritic	Sign
Diacritic	indicating different sounds or values of a letter.
Diacritical	Distinguishing, distinctive.
Diadem	crown or headband as a sign of sovereignty.
Diadem	sovereignty.
Diadem	crowning distinction.
Diaeresis	mark
Diaeresis	over a vowel to indicate that it is sounded separately.
Diagnose	make a diagnosis of
Diagnosis	a identification of a disease from its symptoms.
Diagnosis	formal statement of this.
Diagnosis	identification of the cause of a mechanical fault etc.
Diagnostic	Of or assisting diagnosis.
Diagnostic	Symptom.
Diagnostic	Diagnostician
Diagnostics	(treated as
Diagnostics	) Computing programs etc. Used to identify faults in hardware or software.
Diagnostics	Science of diagnosing disease.
Diagonal	crossing a straight-sided figure from corner to corner.
Diagonal	slanting, oblique.
Diagonal	Straight line joining two opposite corners.
Diagram	Outline drawing, plan, or graphic representation of a machine, structure, process, etc.
Diagram	Diagrammatically
Dial	plate with a scale for measuring weight, volume, etc., indicated by a pointer.
Dial	movable numbered disc on a telephone for making connection.
Dial	face of a clock or watch, marking the hours etc.
Dial	a plate or disc etc. On a radio or television for selecting a wavelength or channel.
Dial	similar device on other equipment.
Dial	Select
Dial	with a dial.
Dial	measure, indicate, or regulate with a dial.
Dialect	regional form of speech.
Dialect	variety of language with non-standard vocabulary, pronunciation, or grammar.
Dialectic	art of investigating the truth by discussion and logical argument.
Dialectic	process whereby contradictions merge to form a higher truth.
Dialectic	any situation or discussion involving the juxtaposition or conflict of opposites.
Dialectical	Of dialectic.
Dialectical materialism	Marxist theory that political and historical events are due to the conflict of social forces arising from economic conditions.
Dialectics	(treated as sing. Or
Dialling tone	Sound indicating that a telephone caller may dial.
Dialog	a conversation.
Dialog	this in written form.
Dialog	discussion between people with different opinions.
Dialogue	a conversation.
Dialogue	this in written form.
Dialogue	discussion between people with different opinions.
Dialysis	separation of particles in a liquid by differences in their ability to pass through a membrane into another liquid.
Dialysis	purification of the blood by this technique.
Diamanté	Decorated with synthetic diamonds or another sparkling substance.
Diameter	straight line passing through the centre of a circle or sphere to its edges; length of this.
Diameter	transverse measurement; width, thickness.
Diameter	unit of linear magnifying power.
Diametrical	of or along a diameter.
Diametrical	Absolute.
Diamond	very hard transparent precious stone of pure crystallized carbon.
Diamond	rhombus.
Diamond	a playing-card of the suit denoted by a red rhombus.
Diamond	) This suit.
Diamond wedding	0th (or
Diamond wedding	5th) wedding anniversary.
Dianthus	Flowering plant of the genus including the carnation.
Diapason	compass of a voice or musical instrument.
Diapason	fixed standard of musical pitch.
Diapason	either of two main organ-stops.
Diaper	Us baby's nappy.
Diaphanous	Light, delicate, and almost transparent.
Diaphragm	muscular partition between the thorax and abdomen in mammals.
Diaphragm	a photog. Plate or disc pierced with a circular hole to cut off marginal beams of light.
Diaphragm	vibrating disc in a microphone, telephone, loudspeaker, etc.
Diaphragm	device for varying the lens aperture in a camera etc.
Diaphragm	thin sheet as a partition etc.
Diapositive	Positive photographic slide or transparency.
Diarist	Person who keeps a diary.
Diarrhea	condition of excessively frequent and loose bowel movements.
Diarrhoea	condition of excessively frequent and loose bowel movements.
Diary	daily record of events or thoughts.
Diary	book for this or for noting future engagements.
Diaspora	the dispersion of the jews after their exile in
Diaspora	38 bc.
Diaspora	the dispersed jews.
Diastase	Enzyme converting starch to sugar.
Diatom	One-cell alga found as plankton and forming fossil deposits.
Diatomic	Consisting of two atoms.
Diatonic	Involving only notes belonging to the prevailing key.
Diatribe	Forceful verbal attack or criticism; invective.
Diazepam	tranquillizing drug.
Dibble	hand tool for making holes for planting.
Dibble	sow, plant, or prepare
Dibble	with a dibble.
Dice	a small cubes with faces bearing
Dice	–6 spots, used in games or gambling.
Dice	One of these cubes
Dice	game played with dice.
Dice	take great risks, gamble
Dice	cut into small cubes.
Dicey	risky, unreliable.
Dichotomy	division into two, esp.
Dichotomy	sharply defined one.
Dichromatic	two-coloured.
Dichromatic	having vision sensitive to only two of the three primary colours.
Dick1	person
Dick1	penis.
Dick2	detective.
Dickens	deuce; the devil
Dickensian	of the
Dickensian	9th-c. Novelist dickens or his work.
Dickensian	resembling situations in dickens's work, esp. Poverty.
Dickhead	idiot.
Dicky	False shirt-front.
Dicky	unsound; unhealthy.
Dicky-bird	child's word for a little bird.
Dicky-bird	word
Dicky bow	Bow-tie.
Dicotyledon	Flowering plant having two cotyledons.
Dicta	Of *dictum.
Dictaphone	Propr. Machine for recording and playing back dictated words.
Dictate	say or read aloud
Dictate	state or order authoritatively or peremptorily.
Dictate	(usu. In
Dictate	) Authoritative instruction or requirement
Dictator	usu. Unelected omnipotent ruler.
Dictator	omnipotent person in any sphere.
Dictator	domineering person.
Dictatorial	of or like a dictator.
Dictatorial	overbearing.
Diction	Manner of enunciation in speaking or singing.
Dictionary	book listing
Dictionary	and explaining the words of a language or giving corresponding words in another language.
Dictionary	reference book explaining the terms of a particular subject.
Dictum	formal expression of opinion.
Dictum	a saying.
Didactic	meant to instruct.
Didactic	tediously pedantic.
Didactic	Didacticism
Diddle	Swindle.
Diddums	Often iron. Expressing commiseration.
Diddums	Often iron. Expressing commiseration.
Didgeridoo	Long tubular australian aboriginal musical instrument.
Didn't	Did not.
Die1	cease to live; expire, lose vital force.
Die1	a come to an end, fade away
Die1	cease to function.
Die1	go out.
Die1	die or cease to function while in the presence or charge of
Die1	be exhausted or tormented
Die2	a engraved device for stamping coins, medals, etc.
Die2	device for stamping, cutting, or moulding material.
Die-casting	Process or product of casting from metal moulds.
Die-hard	Conservative or stubborn person.
Dielectric	Not conducting electricity.
Dielectric	Dielectric substance.
Dieresis	mark
Dieresis	over a vowel to indicate that it is sounded separately.
Diesel	internal-combustion engine in which heat produced by the compression of air in the cylinder ignites the fuel.
Diesel	vehicle driven by a diesel engine.
Diesel	fuel for a diesel engine.
Diesel-electric	Driven by an electric current from a diesel-engined generator.
Diesel oil	Heavy petroleum fraction used in diesel engines.
Die-sinker	Engraver of dies.
Die-stamping	Embossing paper etc. With die.
Diet1	range of foods habitually eaten by a person or animal.
Diet1	limited range of food to which a person is restricted.
Diet1	thing regularly offered
Diet1	restrict oneself to a special diet, esp. To slim.
Diet1	Dieter
Diet2	legislative assembly in certain countries.
Diet2	hist. Congress.
Dietetic	Of diet and nutrition.
Dietetics	pl.
Dietetics	The study of diet and nutrition.
Dietitian	expert in dietetics.
Differ	be unlike or distinguishable.
Differ	disagree.
Difference	being different or unlike.
Difference	degree of this.
Difference	way in which things differ.
Difference	a quantity by which amounts differ.
Difference	remainder left after subtraction.
Difference	disagreement, dispute.
Different	unlike, of another nature.
Different	distinct, separate.
Different	unusual.
Differential	of, exhibiting, or depending on a difference.
Differential	math. Relating to infinitesimal differences.
Differential	constituting or relating to a specific difference.
Differential	difference between things of the same kind.
Differential	difference in wages between industries or categories of employees in the same industry.
Differential	difference between rates of interest etc.
Differential calculus	Method of calculating rates of change, maximum or minimum values, etc.
Differential gear	Gear enabling a vehicle's rear wheels to revolve at different speeds on corners.
Differentiate	constitute a difference between or in.
Differentiate	recognize as different; distinguish.
Differentiate	become different during development.
Differentiate	math. Calculate the derivative of.
Difficult	a needing much effort or skill.
Difficult	troublesome, perplexing.
Difficult	demanding.
Difficult	problematic.
Difficulty	being difficult.
Difficulty	a difficult thing; problem, hindrance.
Difficulty	(often in
Difficulty	) Distress, esp. Financial
Diffident	Shy, lacking self-confidence; excessively reticent.
Diffident	Diffidently
Diffract	Break up
Diffract	into a series of dark and light bands or coloured spectra, or
Diffract	into a series of high and low intensities.
Diffract	Diffractive
Diffuse	spread out, not concentrated.
Diffuse	not concise, wordy.
Diffuse	disperse or spread widely.
Diffuse	intermingle by diffusion.
Diffuse	Diffusive
Diffusion	diffusing or being diffused.
Diffusion	interpenetration of substances by natural movement of their particles.
Dig	(-gg-; past and
Dig	Dug)
Dig	Break up and remove or turn over
Dig	break up the soil of
Dig	make
Dig	By digging.
Dig	a obtain by digging.
Dig	find or discover.
Dig	search for information in
Dig	Excavate
Dig	like; understand.
Dig	thrust
Dig	; prod or nudge.
Dig	make one's way by digging.
Dig	piece of digging.
Dig	thrust or poke.
Dig	Pointed remark.
Dig	archaeological excavation.
Dig	(in
Dig	Lodgings.
Dig	Begin eating. Dig oneself in
Dig	prepare a defensive trench or pit.
Dig	establish one's position.
Digest	assimilate
Digest	in the stomach and bowels.
Digest	understand and assimilate mentally.
Digest	summarize.
Digest	periodical synopsis of current literature or news.
Digest	methodical summary, esp. Of laws.
Digestion	process of digesting.
Digestion	capacity to digest food.
Digestive	Of or aiding digestion.
Digestive	substance aiding digestion.
Digestive	wholemeal biscuit.
Digger	person or machine that digs, esp.
Digger	mechanical excavator.
Digger	Australian or new zealander.
Digit	any numeral from
Digit	finger or toe.
Digital	of digits.
Digital	Giving a reading by displayed digits.
Digital	operating on data represented by a series of digits.
Digital	with sound-information represented by digits for more reliable transmission.
Digital audio tape	Magnetic tape on which sound is recorded digitally.
Digitalis	Drug prepared from foxgloves, used to stimulate the heart.
Digitize	convert
Digitize	Into digital form, esp. For a computer.
Dignified	Having or showing dignity.
Dignify	confer dignity on; ennoble.
Dignify	give a fine name to.
Dignitary	person of high rank or office.
Dignity	composed and serious manner.
Dignity	worthiness, nobleness
Dignity	high rank or position.
Digraph	Two letters representing one sound, e.g. Ph, ey as in phone, key.
Digress	Depart from the main subject in speech or writing.
Diktat	Categorical statement or decree.
Dilapidated	In disrepair or ruin.
Dilatation	dilating of the cervix, e.g. For surgical curettage.
Dilatation	dilation.
Dilate	make or become wider or larger.
Dilate	speak or write at length.
Dilatory	Given to or causing delay.
Dildo	artificial erect penis for sexual stimulation.
Dilemma	situation in which a difficult choice has to be made.
Dilemma	difficult situation, predicament.
Dilettante	dabbler in a subject.
Diligent	hard-working.
Diligent	showing care and effort.
Diligent	Diligently
Dill	Herb with aromatic leaves and seeds.
Dilly-dally	dawdle.
Dilly-dally	vacillate.
Dilute	reduce the strength of
Dilute	by adding water etc.
Dilute	weaken or reduce in effect.
Dilute	Diluted.
Diluvial	Of a flood, esp. Of the flood in genesis.
Dim	a faintly luminous or visible; not bright.
Dim	indistinct.
Dim	not clearly perceived or remembered.
Dim	Stupid.
Dim	not seeing clearly.
Dim	make or become dim.
Dim	Disapprove of.
Dim	Dimness
Dime	Us ten-cent coin.
Dimension	measurable extent, as length, breadth, depth, etc.
Dimension	(in
Dimension	) Size
Dimension	aspect, facet
Dimension	(usu. As dimensioned
Dimension	) Mark dimensions on
Diminish	make or become smaller or less.
Diminish	(often as diminished
Diminish	) Lessen the reputation of
Diminish	; humiliate.
Diminuendo	gradual decrease in loudness.
Diminuendo	Decreasing in loudness.
Diminution	diminishing or being diminished.
Diminution	decrease.
Diminutive	tiny.
Diminutive	(of a word or
Diminutive	) implying smallness or affection.
Diminutive	Diminutive word or
Dimmer	device for varying the brightness of an electric light.
Dimmer	us a (in
Dimmer	) Small parking lights on a vehicle.
Dimmer	headlight on low beam.
Dimple	Small hollow, esp. In the cheek or chin.
Dimple	form dimples
Dim-wit	Stupid person.
Din	Any of a series of german technical standards designating electrical connections, film speeds, and paper sizes.
Din	Prolonged loud confused noise.
Din	force
Din	into a person by constant repetition; make a din.
Dinar	Chief monetary unit of yugoslavia and several countries of the middle east and
Dinar	Africa.
Dine	a eat dinner.
Dine	eat for dinner.
Dine	entertain with food.
Diner	person who dines.
Diner	dining-car.
Diner	us small restaurant.
Diner	small dining-room.
Dinette	Small room or alcove for eating meals.
Ding	Make a ringing sound.
Ding	Ringing sound.
Dingbat	austral. Stupid or eccentric person.
Ding-dong	sound of two chimes, esp. As a doorbell.
Ding-dong	Heated argument or fight.
Dinghy	small boat carried by a ship.
Dinghy	small pleasure-boat.
Dinghy	small inflatable rubber boat.
Dingle	Deep wooded valley or dell.
Dingo	wild australian dog.
Dingy	dirty-looking, drab.
Dingy	Dinginess
Dining-car	Restaurant on a train.
Dining-room	Room in which meals are eaten.
Dinkum	Austral.
Dinkum	Genuine, honest, true.
Dinkum	fair play.
Dinkum	genuine
Dinkum	, honest
Dinkum	, true, truly.
Dinky	Neat and attractive; small, dainty.
Dinner	main meal of the day, either at midday or in the evening.
Dinner	formal evening meal, esp. With guests.
Dinner-dance	Formal dinner followed by dancing.
Dinner-jacket	Man's short usu. Black formal jacket for evening wear.
Dinner lady	Woman who supervises school dinners.
Dinner service	Set of matching crockery for dinner.
Dinosaur	extinct, often enormous, reptile of the mesozoic era.
Dinosaur	unwieldy or unchanging system or organization.
Dint	Dent.
Dint	Mark with dints.
Diocese	District under the pastoral care of a bishop.
Diode	semiconductor allowing the flow of current in one direction only and having two terminals.
Diode	thermionic valve having two electrodes.
Dionysian	Wildly sensual; unrestrained.
Diopter	unit of refractive power of a lens.
Dioptre	unit of refractive power of a lens.
Diorama	scenic painting lit to simulate sunrise etc.
Diorama	small scene with three-dimensional figures, viewed through a window etc.
Diorama	small-scale model or film-set.
Dioxide	Oxide containing two atoms of oxygen in the molecule.
Dip	put or lower briefly into liquid etc.; immerse.
Dip	a go below a surface or level.
Dip	Decline slightly, esp. Briefly.
Dip	slope or extend downwards
Dip	go under water and emerge quickly.
Dip	look cursorily into
Dip	put a hand, ladle, etc., into
Dip	to take something out.
Dip	use part of
Dip	lower or be lowered, esp. In salute.
Dip	lower the beam of
Dip	to reduce dazzle.
Dip	colour
Dip	by immersing it in dye.
Dip	0 wash
Dip	in disinfectant.
Dip	dipping or being dipped.
Dip	liquid for dipping.
Dip. Ed.	Diploma in education.
Diphtheria	Acute infectious bacterial disease with inflammation of a mucous membrane esp. Of the throat.
Diphthong	Two written or spoken vowels pronounced in one syllable
Diplodocus	giant plant-eating dinosaur with a long neck and tail.
Diploma	certificate of qualification awarded by a college etc.
Diploma	document conferring an honour or privilege.
Diplomacy	a management of international relations.
Diplomacy	skill in this.
Diplomacy	tact.
Diplomat	member of a diplomatic service.
Diplomat	tactful person.
Diplomatic	of or involved in diplomacy.
Diplomatic	tactful.
Diplomatic bag	Container for dispatching official mail etc. To or from an embassy, usu. Exempt from customs inspection.
Diplomatic immunity	Exemption of diplomatic staff abroad from arrest, taxation, etc.
Diplomatic service	Branch of the civil service concerned with the representation of a country abroad.
Diplomatist	Diplomat.
Dipole	two equal and oppositely charged or magnetized poles separated by a distance.
Dipole	molecule in which a concentration of positive charges is separated from a concentration of negative charges.
Dipole	aerial consisting of a horizontal metal rod with a connecting wire at its core.
Dipper	diving bird, esp. The water ouzel.
Dipper	ladle.
Dippy	crazy, silly.
Dipso	Alcoholic.
Dipsomania	Alcoholism.
Dipstick	Rod for measuring the depth of esp. Oil in a vehicle's engine.
Dip-switch	Switch for dipping a vehicle's headlights.
Dipterous	having two wings.
Diptych	Painting, esp. An altarpiece, on two hinged panels closing like a book.
Dire	a calamitous, dreadful.
Dire	ominous.
Dire	Very bad.
Dire	urgent
Direct	extending or moving in a straight line or by the shortest route; not crooked or circuitous.
Direct	straightforward; frank.
Direct	with nothing or no-one in between; personal
Direct	lineal, not collateral.
Direct	complete, greatest possible
Direct	in a direct way or manner
Direct	by the direct route
Direct	control; govern or guide
Direct	order
Direct	to.
Direct	a address
Direct	tell or show
Direct	the way to
Direct	point, aim, or turn
Direct	Supervise the performing, staging, etc., of
Direct current	Electric current flowing in one direction only.
Direct debit	Regular debiting of a bank account at the request of the payee.
Direct-grant school	School funded by the government and not a local authority.
Direction	directing; supervision.
Direction	(usu. In
Direction	) Order or instruction.
Direction	line along which, or point to or from which, a person or thing moves or looks.
Direction	tendency or scope of a theme, subject, etc.
Directional	of or indicating direction.
Directional	sending or receiving radio or sound waves in one particular direction.
Directive	Order from an authority.
Directive	Serving to direct.
Directly	a at once; without delay, immediately
Directly	presently, shortly.
Directly	exactly
Directly	in a direct manner.
Directly	As soon as
Direct object	Primary object of the action of a transitive verb.
Director	person who directs or controls, esp.
Director	member of the board of a company.
Director	person who directs a film, play, etc.
Director	Directorship
Directorate	board of directors.
Directorate	office of director.
Director-general	Chief executive of a large organization.
Directory	book with a list of telephone subscribers, inhabitants of a district, or members of a profession etc.
Directory enquiries	pl. Telephone service providing a subscriber's number on request.
Directress	Woman director.
Direct speech	Words actually spoken, not reported.
Direct tax	Tax that one pays directly to the government, esp. On income.
Dirge	lament for the dead.
Dirge	any dreary piece of music.
Dirham	Principal monetary unit of morocco and the united arab emirates.
Dirigible	Capable of being guided.
Dirigible	Dirigible balloon or airship.
Dirk	Short dagger.
Dirndl	dress with a close-fitting bodice and full skirt.
Dirndl	full skirt of this kind.
Dirt	unclean matter that soils.
Dirt	a earth, soil.
Dirt	earth, cinders, etc., used to make the surface for a road etc. (usu.
Dirt	: dirt track).
Dirt	foul or malicious words or talk.
Dirt	excrement.
Dirt cheap	Extremely cheap.
Dirty	soiled, unclean.
Dirty	causing dirtiness
Dirty	sordid, lewd, obscene.
Dirty	unpleasant, dishonourable, unfair
Dirty	rough, squally.
Dirty	muddied, dingy.
Dirty	very
Dirty	in a dirty manner
Dirty	(esp. In senses
Dirty	and
Dirty	make or become dirty.
Dirty	Play a mean trick on.
Dirty	Dirtiness
Dirty look	Look of disapproval or disgust.
Dirty old man	Lecherous man.
Dirty weekend	Weekend spent with a lover.
Dirty word	offensive or indecent word.
Dirty word	word for something disapproved of
Dirty work	Dishonourable or illegal activity; unpleasant task.
Dis- 	forming nouns, adjectives, and verbs implying:
Dis- 	negation or direct opposite
Dis- 	reversal
Dis- 	removal of a thing or quality
Dis- 	separation
Dis- 	completeness or intensification
Dis- 	expulsion from
Disability	permanent physical or mental incapacity.
Disability	lack of some capacity etc., preventing action.
Disable	deprive of an ability or function.
Disable	(often as disabled
Disable	) Physically incapacitate.
Disabuse	free from a mistaken idea; disillusion.
Disadvantage	unfavourable circumstance or condition.
Disadvantage	damage; loss.
Disadvantage	cause disadvantage to.
Disadvantaged	Lacking normal opportunities through poverty, disability, etc.
Disaffected	Discontented
Disaffected	; no longer loyal.
Disagree	hold a different opinion.
Disagree	not correspond.
Disagree	upset
Disagreeable	unpleasant.
Disagreeable	bad-tempered.
Disallow	Refuse to allow or accept; prohibit.
Disappear	cease to be visible.
Disappear	cease to exist or be in circulation or use.
Disappear	go missing.
Disappoint	fail to fulfil the desire or expectation of.
Disappoint	frustrate
Disappoint	Disappointing
Disappointment	person or thing that disappoints.
Disappointment	being disappointed.
Disapprobation	Formal disapproval.
Disapprove	have or express an unfavourable opinion.
Disarm	take weapons etc. Away from.
Disarm	reduce or give up one's own weapons.
Disarm	defuse
Disarm	make less angry, hostile, etc; charm, win over.
Disarm	(esp. In sense
Disarm	). Disarmingly
Disarmament	Reduction by a state of its armaments.
Disarrange	bring into disorder.
Disarray	Disorder.
Disarray	Throw into disorder.
Disaster	great or sudden misfortune; catastrophe.
Disaster	Complete failure.
Disaster	Disastrously
Disavow	Disclaim knowledge of or responsibility for.
Disband	Break up; disperse.
Disbar	deprive
Disbar	of the right to practise.
Disbelieve	be unable or unwilling to believe; be sceptical.
Disbelieve	Disbelievingly
Disburse	pay out
Disburse	Disbursement
Disc	(also disk esp. Us and in sense
Disc	a flat thin circular object.
Disc	round flat or apparently flat surface or mark.
Disc	layer of cartilage between vertebrae.
Disc	gramophone record.
Disc	flat circular computer storage device.
Disc	disc for data recorded and read by laser.
Discard	reject as unwanted.
Discard	remove or put aside.
Disc brake	Brake employing the friction of pads against a disc.
Discern	perceive clearly with the mind or senses.
Discern	make out with effort.
Discerning	Having good judgement.
Discerning	Discernment
Discharge	release
Discharge	; allow
Discharge	to leave.
Discharge	dismiss from office or employment.
Discharge	fire
Discharge	throw; eject.
Discharge	emit, pour out
Discharge	Flow into
Discharge	a carry out
Discharge	relieve oneself of
Discharge	relieve
Discharge	of residual liability.
Discharge	law cancel
Discharge	release an electrical charge from.
Discharge	0 a relieve
Discharge	Of cargo.
Discharge	unload
Discharge	discharging or being discharged.
Discharge	certificate of release, dismissal, etc.
Discharge	matter discharged; pus etc.
Discharge	release of an electric charge, esp. With a spark.
Disciple	Follower of a leader, teacher, etc., esp. Of christ.
Disciplinarian	Enforcer of or believer in firm discipline.
Disciplinary	Of or enforcing discipline.
Discipline	a control or order exercised over people or animals, e.g. Over members of an organization.
Discipline	system of rules for this.
Discipline	training or way of life aimed at self-control and conformity.
Discipline	branch of learning.
Discipline	punishment.
Discipline	punish.
Discipline	control by training in obedience.
Disc jockey	Presenter of recorded pop music.
Disclaim	deny or disown.
Disclaim	renounce legal claim to.
Disclaimer	Renunciation; statement disclaiming something.
Disclose	make known; expose.
Disco	dance to disco music.
Discolor	cause to change from its normal colour; stain; tarnish.
Discolour	cause to change from its normal colour; stain; tarnish.
Discomfit	disconcert, baffle, frustrate.
Discomfort	lack of comfort; slight pain or unease.
Discomfort	cause of this.
Discomfort	Make uncomfortable.
Discompose	disturb the composure of.
Disco music	Popular dance music with a heavy bass rhythm.
Disconcert	Disturb the composure of; fluster.
Disconnect	break the connection of.
Disconnect	put out of action by disconnecting the parts.
Disconnected	Incoherent and illogical.
Disconsolate	Forlorn, unhappy, disappointed.
Discontent	Lack of contentment; dissatisfaction, grievance.
Discontent	(esp. As discontented
Discontent	) Make dissatisfied.
Discontinue	come or bring to an end
Discontinue	give up, cease from
Discontinuous	Lacking continuity; intermittent.
Discord	disagreement; strife.
Discord	harsh noise; clashing sounds.
Discord	lack of harmony in a chord.
Discordant	disagreeing.
Discordant	not in harmony; dissonant.
Discordant	Discordantly
Discothèque	nightclub etc. For dancing to pop records.
Discothèque	professional lighting and sound equipment used for this.
Discothèque	party with such equipment.
Discount	Amount deducted from a full or normal price, esp. For prompt or advance payment.
Discount	disregard as unreliable or unimportant.
Discount	deduct an amount from
Discount	give or get the present worth of
Discountenance	disconcert.
Discountenance	refuse to approve of.
Discourage	deprive of courage or confidence.
Discourage	dissuade, deter.
Discourage	show disapproval of.
Discourse	conversation.
Discourse	lengthy treatment of a subject.
Discourse	lecture, speech.
Discourse	converse.
Discourse	speak or write at length on a subject.
Discourteous	Lacking courtesy.
Discourteous	Discourtesy
Discover	a find out or become aware of, by intention or chance.
Discover	be first to find or find out
Discover	find and promote as a new performer.
Discovery	discovering or being discovered.
Discovery	person or thing discovered.
Discredit	harm to reputation.
Discredit	person or thing causing this.
Discredit	lack of credibility.
Discredit	harm the good reputation of.
Discredit	cause to be disbelieved.
Discredit	refuse to believe.
Discreditable	Bringing discredit; shameful.
Discreet	a circumspect.
Discreet	tactful; judicious, prudent.
Discreet	unobtrusive.
Discreet	Discreetness
Discrepancy	difference; inconsistency.
Discrete	Individually distinct; separate, discontinuous.
Discretion	being discreet.
Discretion	prudence; good judgement.
Discretion	freedom or authority to act according to one's judgement.
Discriminate	make or see a distinction.
Discriminate	treat unfavourably or favourably, esp. On the basis of race, gender, etc.
Discriminating	Showing good judgement or taste.
Discrimination	unfavourable treatment based on racial, sexual, etc. Prejudice.
Discrimination	good taste or judgement.
Discursive	Tending to digress, rambling.
Discus	heavy thick-centred disc thrown in athletic events.
Discuss	talk about
Discuss	talk or write about
Discuss	in detail.
Disdain	Scorn, contempt.
Disdain	regard with disdain.
Disdain	refrain or refuse out of disdain.
Disdain	Disdainfully
Disease	unhealthy condition of the body or mind, plants, society, etc.
Disease	particular kind of disease.
Disembark	Put or go ashore; get off an aircraft, bus, etc.
Disembarrass	relieve
Disembarrass	free from embarrassment.
Disembodied	Freed from the body or concrete form.
Disembodied	lacking a body.
Disembowel	remove the bowels or entrails of.
Disenchant	Disillusion.
Disencumber	Free from encumbrance.
Disenfranchise	deprive of the right to vote or to be represented.
Disenfranchise	deprive of rights as a citizen or of a franchise held.
Disengage	detach, loosen, release.
Disengage	remove
Disengage	from battle etc.
Disengage	become detached.
Disengage	(as disengaged
Disengage	at leisure.
Disengage	uncommitted.
Disentangle	free or become free of tangles or complications.
Disestablish	deprive
Disestablish	of state support.
Disestablish	terminate the establishment of.
Disfavor	disapproval or dislike.
Disfavor	being disliked.
Disfavor	Regard or treat with disfavour.
Disfavour	disapproval or dislike.
Disfavour	being disliked.
Disfavour	Regard or treat with disfavour.
Disfigure	spoil the appearance of.
Disgorge	eject from the throat.
Disgorge	pour forth.
Disgrace	shame; ignominy.
Disgrace	shameful or very bad person or thing
Disgrace	bring shame or discredit on.
Disgrace	dismiss from a position of honour or favour.
Disgraceful	Shameful; causing disgrace.
Disgruntled	Discontented; sulky.
Disguise	conceal the identity of; make unrecognizable.
Disguise	conceal
Disguise	a costume, make-up, etc., used to disguise.
Disguise	action, manner, etc., used to deceive.
Disguise	disguised state.
Disguise	practice of disguising.
Disgust	Strong aversion; repugnance.
Disgust	Cause disgust in.
Disgust	Disgustingly
Dish	a shallow flat-bottomed container for food.
Dish	its contents.
Dish	particular kind of food or food prepared to a particular recipe
Dish	(in
Dish	) Crockery, pans, etc. After a meal
Dish	a dish-shaped object or cavity.
Dish	Sexually attractive person.
Dish	Outmanoeuvre, frustrate.
Dish	make dish-shaped.
Dish	Distribute. Dish up
Dish	put
Dish	in dishes for serving.
Dish	Present as a fact or argument.
Disharmony	Lack of harmony; discord.
Dishcloth	Cloth for washing dishes.
Dishearten	Cause to lose courage, hope, or confidence.
Disheveled	untidy; ruffled.
Dishevelled	untidy; ruffled.
Dishonest	Fraudulent or insincere.
Dishonest	Dishonesty
Dishonor	loss of honour or respect; disgrace.
Dishonor	thing causing this.
Dishonor	disgrace
Dishonor	refuse to accept or pay
Dishonorable	causing disgrace; ignominious.
Dishonorable	unprincipled.
Dishonour	loss of honour or respect; disgrace.
Dishonour	thing causing this.
Dishonour	disgrace
Dishonour	refuse to accept or pay
Dishonourable	causing disgrace; ignominious.
Dishonourable	unprincipled.
Dishwasher	Machine or person that washes dishes.
Dishy	Sexually attractive.
Disillusion	Free from an illusion or mistaken belief.
Disillusion	Disillusioned state.
Disincentive	Thing discouraging action, effort, etc.
Disincline	make unwilling or reluctant.
Disinfect	Cleanse of infection, esp. With disinfectant.
Disinfectant	Substance that destroys germs etc.
Disinfectant	Disinfecting.
Disinformation	False information, propaganda.
Disingenuous	Insincere, not candid.
Disinherit	reject as one's heir; deprive of the right of inheritance.
Disintegrate	separate into component parts or fragments, break up.
Disintegrate	Break down, esp. Mentally.
Disintegrate	emit particles or divide into smaller nuclei.
Disinter	dig up (esp.
Disinter	corpse).
Disinterested	impartial.
Disinterested	uninterested.
Disinterested	Disinterestedly
Disinvest	Reduce or dispose of one's investment.
Disjoint	take apart at the joints.
Disjoint	(as disjointed
Disjoint	) Incoherent; disconnected.
Disjoint	disturb the working of; disrupt.
Disjunction	Separation.
Disjunctive	involving separation.
Disjunctive	expressing an alternative, e.g. Or in is it wet or dry?
Disk drive	Computing mechanism for rotating a disk and reading or writing data from or to it.
Diskette	Computing
Dislike	have an aversion to; not like.
Dislike	feeling of repugnance or not liking.
Dislike	object of this.
Dislocate	disturb the normal connection of (esp.
Dislocate	joint in the body).
Dislocate	disrupt.
Dislodge	disturb or move.
Disloyal	Not loyal; unfaithful.
Disloyal	Disloyalty
Dismal	gloomy; miserable.
Dismal	dreary; sombre.
Dismal	Feeble, inept
Dismantle	take to pieces; pull down.
Dismantle	deprive of defences or equipment.
Dismay	Intense disappointment or despair.
Dismay	Fill with dismay.
Dismember	remove the limbs from.
Dismember	partition or divide up.
Dismiss	send away, esp. From one's presence; disperse.
Dismiss	terminate the employment of, esp. Dishonourably; sack.
Dismiss	put from one's mind or emotions.
Dismiss	consider not worth talking or thinking about; treat summarily.
Dismiss	law refuse further hearing to
Dismiss	cricket put
Dismiss	out
Dismissive	Dismissing rudely or casually; disdainful.
Dismissive	Dismissiveness
Dismount	a alight from a horse, bicycle, etc.
Dismount	unseat.
Dismount	remove
Dismount	from its mounting.
Disobedient	Disobeying; rebellious.
Disobedient	Disobediently
Disobey	Refuse or fail to obey.
Disoblige	refuse to help or cooperate with
Disorder	lack of order; confusion.
Disorder	public disturbance; riot.
Disorder	ailment or disease.
Disorderly	untidy; confused.
Disorderly	riotous, unruly.
Disorganize	throw into confusion or disorder.
Disorganize	(as disorganized
Disorganize	) Badly organized; untidy.
Disorientate	confuse
Disorientate	, esp. As to his or her bearings.
Disown	Deny or give up any connection with; repudiate.
Disparage	criticize; belittle.
Disparage	bring discredit on.
Disparate	Essentially different; not comparable.
Disparity	inequality; difference; incongruity.
Dispassionate	Free from emotion; impartial.
Dispatch	send off to a destination or for a purpose.
Dispatch	perform
Dispatch	Promptly; finish off.
Dispatch	kill, execute.
Dispatch	Eat quickly.
Dispatch	dispatching or being dispatched.
Dispatch	a official written message, esp. Military.
Dispatch	news report to a newspaper etc.
Dispatch	promptness, efficiency.
Dispatch-box	Case for esp. Parliamentary documents.
Dispatch-rider	Messenger on a motor cycle.
Dispel	drive away; scatter
Dispensable	That can be dispensed with.
Dispensary	place where medicines are dispensed.
Dispensation	dispensing or distributing.
Dispensation	exemption from penalty, rule, etc.
Dispensation	ordering or management of the world by providence.
Dispense	distribute; deal out.
Dispense	administer.
Dispense	make up and give out
Dispense	do without; make unnecessary.
Dispenser	person or thing that dispenses e.g. Medicine, good advice.
Dispenser	automatic machine dispensing a specific amount.
Disperse	go, send, drive, or scatter widely or in different directions.
Disperse	send to or station at different points.
Disperse	disseminate.
Disperse	chem. Distribute
Disperse	in a medium.
Disperse	divide
Disperse	into its coloured constituents.
Disperse	Dispersive
Dispersion	dispersing or being dispersed.
Dispirit	Make despondent, deject.
Displace	move from its place.
Displace	remove from office.
Displace	take the place of; oust.
Displaced person	Refugee in war etc., or from persecution.
Displacement	displacing or being displaced.
Displacement	amount of fluid displaced by an object floating or immersed in it.
Display	exhibit; show.
Display	reveal; betray.
Display	displaying.
Display	a exhibition or show.
Display	thing
Display	displayed.
Display	ostentation.
Display	mating rituals of some birds etc.
Display	what is shown on a visual display unit etc.
Displease	make upset or angry; annoy.
Disport	Play, frolic, enjoy oneself.
Disposable	intended to be used once and discarded.
Disposable	able to be disposed of.
Disposable	Disposable article.
Disposable income	Income after tax and other fixed payments.
Disposal	Disposing of, e.g. Waste.
Dispose	make willing; incline
Dispose	tend
Dispose	arrange suitably.
Dispose	(as disposed
Dispose	) Have a specified inclination
Dispose	determine events
Dispose	a deal with.
Dispose	get rid of.
Dispose	finish.
Dispose	kill.
Dispose	sell.
Dispose	prove
Dispose	Incorrect.
Disposition	natural tendency; temperament.
Disposition	a ordering; arrangement
Disposition	arrangement.
Disposition	(usu. In
Disposition	) Preparations; plans.
Dispossess	(esp. As dispossessed
Dispossess	) Deprive
Dispossess	of.
Dispossess	dislodge; oust.
Disproof	Refutation.
Disproportion	Lack of proportion; being out of proportion.
Disproportion	Disproportionally
Disproportionate	out of proportion.
Disproportionate	relatively too large or small etc.
Disprove	prove false.
Disputable	Open to question; uncertain.
Disputant	Person in a dispute.
Disputation	debate, esp. Formal.
Disputation	argument; controversy.
Disputatious	Argumentative.
Dispute	debate, argue.
Dispute	discuss, esp. Heatedly; quarrel.
Dispute	question the truth or validity of
Dispute	contend for
Dispute	resist, oppose.
Dispute	controversy; debate.
Dispute	quarrel.
Dispute	disagreement leading to industrial action.
Dispute	being argued about.
Dispute	involved in industrial action.
Disqualify	debar from a competition or pronounce ineligible as a winner.
Disqualify	make or pronounce ineligible, unsuitable, or unqualified
Disquiet	Make anxious.
Disquiet	Anxiety; uneasiness.
Disquietude	Disquiet.
Disquisition	Discursive treatise or discourse.
Disregard	ignore.
Disregard	treat as unimportant.
Disregard	Indifference; neglect.
Disrepair	Poor condition due to lack of repairs.
Disreputable	of bad reputation.
Disreputable	not respectable in character or appearance.
Disrepute	Lack of good reputation; discredit.
Disrespect	Lack of respect; discourtesy.
Disrespect	Disrespectfully
Disrobe	literary undress.
Disrupt	interrupt the continuity of; bring disorder to.
Disrupt	break apart.
Disrupt	Disruptive
Disrupt	Disruptively
Dissatisfy	make discontented; fail to satisfy.
Dissect	cut into pieces, esp. For examination or post mortem.
Dissect	analyse or criticize in detail.
Dissemble	be hypocritical or insincere.
Dissemble	disguise or conceal
Disseminate	scatter about, spread
Disseminate	widely.
Dissension	Angry disagreement.
Dissent	disagree, esp. Openly.
Dissent	differ, esp. From the established or official opinion.
Dissent	such difference.
Dissent	expression of this.
Dissenter	person who dissents.
Dissenter	protestant dissenting from the church of england.
Dissentient	Disagreeing with the established or official view.
Dissentient	Person who dissents.
Dissertation	Detailed discourse, esp. One submitted towards an academic degree.
Disservice	Harmful action, harm.
Dissident	Disagreeing, esp. With the established government, system, etc.
Dissident	Dissident person.
Dissimilar	Unlike, not similar.
Dissimulate	dissemble.
Dissipate	disperse, disappear, dispel.
Dissipate	squander.
Dissipate	(as dissipated
Dissipate	) Dissolute.
Dissipation	dissolute way of life.
Dissipation	dissipating or being dissipated.
Dissociate	disconnect or separate.
Dissociate	become disconnected.
Dissociate	Dissociative
Dissoluble	That can be disintegrated, loosened, or disconnected.
Dissolute	Lax in morals; licentious.
Dissolution	dissolving or being dissolved, esp. Of a partnership or of parliament for a new election.
Dissolution	breaking up, abolition
Dissolution	death.
Dissolve	make or become liquid, esp. By immersion or dispersion in a liquid.
Dissolve	disappear gradually.
Dissolve	dismiss
Dissolve	annul or put an end to
Dissolve	be overcome
Dissonant	harsh-toned; unharmonious.
Dissonant	incongruous.
Dissuade	discourage
Dissuade	; persuade against.
Dissuade	Dissuasive
Distaff	Cleft stick holding wool or flax for spinning by hand.
Distaff side	Female branch of a family.
Distance	being far off; remoteness.
Distance	space between two points.
Distance	distant point or place.
Distance	aloofness; reserve.
Distance	remoter field of vision
Distance	interval of time.
Distance	place or cause to seem far off; be aloof.
Distance	leave far behind in a race etc.
Distant	far away; at a specified distance
Distant	remote in time, relationship, etc.
Distant	aloof.
Distant	abstracted
Distant	faint
Distaste	dislike; aversion.
Distaste	Distastefully
Distaste	Distastefulness
Distemper2	Disease of esp. Dogs, with coughing and weakness.
Distend	Swell out by pressure from within
Distend	Distension
Distich	Verse couplet.
Distil	purify or extract the essence from
Distil	by vaporizing and condensing it and collecting the resulting liquid.
Distil	extract the essential meaning of
Distil	make
Distil	By distilling raw materials.
Distil	fall or cause to fall in drops.
Distill	purify or extract the essence from
Distill	by vaporizing and condensing it and collecting the resulting liquid.
Distill	extract the essential meaning of
Distill	make
Distill	By distilling raw materials.
Distill	fall or cause to fall in drops.
Distiller	Person who distils, esp. Alcoholic liquor.
Distillery	place where alcoholic liquor is distilled.
Distinct	not identical; separate; different.
Distinct	clearly perceptible.
Distinct	unmistakable, decided
Distinction	discriminating or distinguishing.
Distinction	difference between two things.
Distinction	thing that differentiates or distinguishes.
Distinction	special consideration or honour
Distinction	excellence
Distinction	title or mark of honour.
Distinctive	Distinguishing, characteristic.
Distinctive	Distinctiveness
Distingué	Distinguished in appearance, manner, etc.
Distinguish	differentiate; see or draw distinctions.
Distinguish	be a mark or property of; characterize.
Distinguish	discover by listening, looking, etc.
Distinguish	make prominent
Distinguished	eminent; famous.
Distinguished	dignified.
Distort	pull or twist out of shape.
Distort	misrepresent
Distort	transmit
Distort	Inaccurately.
Distract	draw away the attention of.
Distract	bewilder, perplex.
Distract	(as distracted
Distract	) Confused, mad, or angry.
Distract	amuse, esp. To divert from pain etc.
Distraction	a distracting or being distracted.
Distraction	thing that distracts.
Distraction	relaxation; amusement.
Distraction	confusion; frenzy, madness.
Distrain	impose distraint
Distraint	Seizure of goods to enforce payment.
Distrait	inattentive; distraught.
Distraught	Distracted with worry, fear, etc.; extremely agitated.
Distress	anguish or suffering caused by pain, sorrow, worry, etc.
Distress	poverty.
Distress	law
Distress	Cause distress to, make unhappy.
Distressed	suffering from distress.
Distressed	impoverished.
Distressed	Aged, torn, etc. Artificially.
Distressed area	Region of high unemployment and poverty.
Distribute	give shares of; deal out.
Distribute	scatter; put at different points.
Distribute	arrange; classify.
Distribution	distributing or being distributed.
Distribution	a commercial dispersal of goods etc.
Distribution	extent to which different classes etc. Share in a nation's total wealth etc.
Distributive	of or produced by distribution.
Distributive	logic &
Distributive	Referring to each individual of a class, not to the class collectively
Distributive	Distributive word.
Distributor	person or thing that distributes, esp. Goods.
Distributor	device in an internal-combustion engine for passing current to each spark-plug in turn.
District	(often
District	) Area regarded as a geographical or administrative unit
District	administrative division of a county etc.
District attorney	prosecuting officer of a district.
District nurse	Nurse who makes home visits in an area.
Distrust	Lack of trust; suspicion.
Distrust	Have no trust in.
Distrust	Distrustfully
Disturb	break the rest, calm, or quiet of.
Disturb	agitate; worry.
Disturb	move from a settled position
Disturb	(as disturbed
Disturb	) Emotionally or mentally unstable.
Disturbance	disturbing or being disturbed.
Disturbance	tumult; uproar; agitation.
Disunion	Lack of union; separation; dissension.
Disunite	remove the unity from.
Disunite	separate.
Disuse	Disused state.
Disuse	cease to use.
Disyllable	prosody word or metrical foot of two syllables.
Ditch	Long narrow excavation esp. For drainage or as a boundary.
Ditch	make or repair ditches
Ditch	abandon; discard.
Dither	hesitate; be indecisive.
Dither	tremble; quiver.
Dither	State of agitation or hesitation.
Dither	Dithery
Dithyramb	wild choral hymn in ancient greece.
Dithyramb	passionate or inflated poem etc.
Ditto	The aforesaid, the same.
Ditto	the same
Ditto marks	pl. Inverted commas etc. Representing ‘ditto’.
Ditty	short simple song.
Diuretic	Causing increased output of urine.
Diuretic	Diuretic drug.
Diurnal	of the day or daytime.
Diurnal	daily.
Diurnal	occupying one day.
Diva	great woman opera singer; prima donna.
Divalent	Chem. Having a valency of two.
Divan	Low couch or bed without a back or ends.
Dive	plunge head first into water.
Dive	Plunge steeply downwards.
Dive	submerge; go deeper.
Dive	put one's hand into
Dive	become enthusiastic about
Dive	move suddenly
Dive	act of diving; plunge.
Dive	steep descent or fall.
Dive	Disreputable nightclub, bar, etc.
Dive-bomb	Bomb
Dive-bomb	from a diving aircraft.
Diver	person who dives, esp. Working under water.
Diver	diving bird.
Diverge	a spread out from a central point, become dispersed.
Diverge	take different courses
Diverge	depart from a set course.
Divers	various; several.
Diverse	Varied.
Diversify	make diverse; vary.
Diversify	spread
Diversify	over several enterprises.
Diversify	expand one's range of products.
Diversion	diverting or being diverted.
Diversion	a diverting of attention.
Diversion	stratagem for this.
Diversion	recreation, pastime.
Diversion	alternative route when a road is temporarily closed.
Diversity	Variety.
Divert	a turn aside; deflect.
Divert	distract
Divert	(often as diverting
Divert	) Entertain; amuse.
Divest	unclothe; strip.
Divest	deprive, rid.
Divide	separate into parts; break up; split.
Divide	distribute; deal; share.
Divide	a separate
Divide	from another.
Divide	classify into parts or groups.
Divide	cause to disagree.
Divide	a find how many times
Divide	contains or is contained in another (divide
Divide	0 by
Divide	; divide
Divide	into
Divide	be contained in
Divide	without remainder (4 divides into
Divide	parl. Vote
Divide	dividing line.
Divide	watershed.
Dividend	share of profits paid to shareholders or to winners in a football pool etc.
Dividend	number to be divided.
Dividend	benefit from an action.
Divider	screen etc. Dividing a room.
Divider	(in
Divider	) Measuring-compasses.
Divination	Supposed supernatural insight into the future etc.
Divine	a of, from, or like god or a god.
Divine	sacred.
Divine	Excellent; delightful.
Divine	discover by intuition or guessing.
Divine	foresee.
Divine	practise divination.
Divine	Theologian or clergyman.
Diviner	Person who practises divination.
Diving-bell	Open-bottomed enclosure, supplied with air, for descent into deep water.
Diving-board	Elevated board for diving from.
Diving-suit	Watertight suit, usu. With helmet and air-supply, for work under water.
Divinity	being divine.
Divinity	god; godhead.
Divinity	theology.
Divisible	Capable of being divided.
Division	dividing or being divided.
Division	dividing one number by another.
Division	disagreement
Division	parl. Separation of members for counting votes.
Division	one of two or more parts into which a thing is divided.
Division	unit of administration, esp.
Division	group of army brigades, regiments, or teams in a sporting league.
Division sign	Sign
Division sign	indicating that one quantity is to be divided by another.
Divisive	Causing disagreement.
Divisive	Divisiveness
Divisor	Number by which another is divided.
Divorce	legal dissolution of a marriage.
Divorce	separation
Divorce	a (usu. As divorced
Divorce	legally dissolve the marriage of.
Divorce	separate by divorce.
Divorce	end one's marriage with.
Divorce	separate
Divorcee	Divorced person.
Divot	Piece of turf cut out by a blow, esp. By the head of a golf club.
Divulge	disclose, reveal
Divvy	dividend.
Divvy	share out.
Divvy	dividend.
Divvy	share out.
Diwali	Hindu and jainist festival with illuminations, held between september and november.
Dixie	Southern states of the us.
Dixie	Large iron cooking-pot used by campers etc.
Dixieland	traditional kind of jazz.
Diy	Do-it-yourself.
Dizzy	a giddy.
Dizzy	feeling confused.
Dizzy	causing giddiness.
Dizzy	make dizzy.
Dizzy	bewilder.
Dizzy	Dizziness
Dj	dinner-jacket.
Dj	disc jockey.
Djellaba	loose hooded cloak
Djellaba	worn by arab men.
Dl	Decilitre
D-layer	Lowest layer of the ionosphere.
D.litt.	Doctor of letters.
Dm	Deutschmark.
Dm	Decimetre
D.mus.	Doctor of music.
Dna	Deoxyribonucleic acid, esp. Carrying genetic information in chromosomes.
D-notice	Government notice to news editors not to publish certain items for security reasons.
Do1	(3 sing. Pres. Does; past did;
Do1	Done; pres. Part. Doing)
Do1	perform, carry out, achieve, complete
Do1	produce, make, provide
Do1	grant; impart
Do1	act, behave, proceed
Do1	work at
Do1	be suitable or acceptable; satisfy
Do1	deal with; attend to
Do1	fare; get on
Do1	solve; work out
Do1	0 a traverse
Do1	(did
Do1	0 miles today).
Do1	travel at a specified speed
Do1	Act or behave like; play the part of.
Do1	2 produce
Do1	Finish
Do1	(as done
Do1	) Be finished
Do1	4 cook, esp. Completely
Do1	5 be in progress
Do1	Visit
Do1	(often as done
Do1	) Exhaust; tire out.
Do1	defeat, kill, ruin.
Do1	translate or transform.
Do1	Cater for
Do1	a rob
Do1	swindle.
Do1	prosecute, convict
Do1	undergo
Do1	take
Do1	aux.
Do1	in questions and negative statements or commands
Do1	ellipt. Or in place of a verb
Do1	for emphasis
Do1	in inversion
Do1	Elaborate party, operation, etc.
Do1	be no business of.
Do1	be unconnected with. Be to do with be concerned or connected with. Do away with
Do1	get rid of; abolish.
Do1	kill. Do down
Do1	cheat, swindle.
Do1	overcome. Do for
Do1	be satisfactory or sufficient for.
Do1	(esp. As done for
Do1	) Destroy, ruin, kill.
Do1	Act as cleaner etc. For. Do in
Do1	a kill.
Do1	ruin.
Do1	Exhaust, tire out. Do justice to see *justice. Do nothing for
Do1	Not flatter or enhance. Do or die persist recklessly. Do out
Do1	Clean or redecorate
Do1	. Do a person out of
Do1	Cheat of. Do over
Do1	attack; beat up.
Do1	Redecorate, refurbish. Do proud see *proud. Dos and don'ts rules of behaviour. Do something for
Do1	Enhance the appearance or quality of. Do up
Do1	fasten.
Do1	refurbish, renovate.
Do1	adorn, dress up. Do with
Do1	would be glad of; would profit by
Do1	. Do without manage without; forgo.
Doe	Department of the environment.
Doe	female fallow deer, reindeer, hare, or rabbit.
Doer	person who does something.
Doer	person who acts rather than theorizing.
Doesn't	Does not.
Doff	Remove
Dog	four-legged flesh-eating animal akin to the fox and wolf, and of many breeds.
Dog	male of this, or of the fox or wolf.
Dog	despicable person.
Dog	person of a specified kind
Dog	mechanical device for gripping.
Dog	(in
Dog	; prec. By the)
Dog	Greyhound-racing.
Dog	follow closely; pursue, track.
Dog	deteriorate, be ruined. Like a dog's dinner
Dog	Smartly or flashily
Dog	. Not a dog's chance no chance at all.
Dogcart	Two-wheeled driving-cart with cross seats back to back.
Dog-collar	collar for a dog.
Dog-collar	Clerical collar.
Dog days	pl. Hottest period of the year.
Doge	Hist. Chief magistrate of venice or genoa.
Dog-eared	With bent or worn corners.
Dog-eat-dog	Ruthlessly competitive.
Dog-end	cigarette-end.
Dogfight	close combat between fighter aircraft.
Dogfight	rough fight.
Dogfish	a kind of small shark.
Dogged	Tenacious; grimly persistent.
Dogged	Doggedness
Doggerel	Poor or trivial verse.
Doggo	lie motionless or hidden.
Doggy	of or like a dog.
Doggy	devoted to dogs.
Doggy	pet name for a dog.
Doggy bag	Bag for leftovers given to a customer in a restaurant etc.
Doggy-paddle	elementary swimming stroke like that of a dog.
Doghouse	austral. Dog's kennel.
Doghouse	in disgrace.
Dog in the manger	Person who stops others using a thing for which he or she has no use.
Dogma	principle, tenet, or system of these, esp. Of a church or political party.
Dogma	arrogant declaration of opinion.
Dogmatic	Asserting or imposing personal opinions; intolerantly authoritative; arrogant.
Dogmatism	Tendency to be dogmatic.
Dogmatize	speak dogmatically.
Dogmatize	express
Dogmatize	As dogma.
Do-gooder	Well-meaning but unrealistic or patronizing philanthropist or reformer.
Dog-rose	Wild hedge-rose.
Dogsbody	Drudge.
Dog's breakfast	Mess.
Dog's life	Life of misery etc.
Dog-star	Chief star of the constellation canis major or minor, esp. Sirius.
Dog-tired	Tired out.
Dog-tooth	V-shaped pattern or moulding; chevron.
Dogtrot	Gentle easy trot.
Dogwatch	Either of two short watches on a ship (4–6 or
Dogwatch	–8 p.m.).
Dogwood	Shrub with dark-red branches, greenish-white flowers, and purple berries.
Doh	Department of health.
Doh	First note of a major scale.
Doily	small lacey usu. Paper mat used on a plate for cakes etc.
Doing-over	attack, beating-up.
Do-it-yourself	done or to be done by a householder etc.
Do-it-yourself	Such work.
Dolby	Propr. Electronic noise-reduction system used esp. In tape-recording to reduce hiss.
Doldrums	pl.
Doldrums	low spirits.
Doldrums	period of inactivity.
Doldrums	equatorial ocean region with little or no wind.
Dole	Unemployment benefit.
Dole	a charitable distribution.
Dole	thing given sparingly or reluctantly.
Dole	distribute sparingly.
Dole	Receiving unemployment benefit.
Doleful	mournful, sad.
Doleful	dreary, dismal.
Doleful	Dolefulness
Doll	small model of esp.
Doll	baby or child as a child's toy.
Doll	pretty but silly young woman.
Doll	attractive woman.
Doll	ventriloquist's dummy.
Doll	Dress smartly.
Dollar	Chief monetary unit in the us, australia, etc.
Dollop	Shapeless lump of food etc.
Dollop	serve in dollops.
Dolly	child's name for a doll.
Dolly	movable platform for a cine-camera etc.
Dolly	easy catch in cricket.
Dolly-bird	Attractive and stylish young woman.
Dolma	e. European delicacy of spiced rice or meat etc. Wrapped in vine or cabbage leaves.
Dolman sleeve	Loose sleeve cut in one piece with a bodice.
Dolmen	Megalithic tomb with a large flat stone laid on upright ones.
Dolomite	Mineral or rock of calcium magnesium carbonate.
Dolor	literary sorrow, distress.
Dolour	literary sorrow, distress.
Dolphin	Large porpoise-like sea mammal with a slender pointed snout.
Dolphinarium	public aquarium for dolphins.
Dolt	Stupid person.
Dom	Title of some roman catholic dignitaries, and benedictine and carthusian monks.
-dom	forming nouns denoting:
-dom	condition
-dom	rank, domain
-dom	class of people
-dom	Regarded collectively
Domain	area under one rule; realm.
Domain	estate etc. Under one control.
Domain	sphere of control or influence.
Dome	rounded
Dome	vault forming a roof.
Dome	dome-shaped thing.
Dome	(usu. As domed
Dome	) Cover with or shape as a dome.
Domestic	of the home, household, or family affairs.
Domestic	of one's own country.
Domestic	tamed, not wild.
Domestic	fond of home life.
Domestic	Household servant.
Domesticate	tame
Domesticate	to live with humans.
Domesticate	accustom to housework etc.
Domesticity	being domestic.
Domesticity	domestic or home life.
Domicile	dwelling-place.
Domicile	law a place of permanent residence.
Domicile	residing.
Domicile	(usu. As domiciled
Domicile	settle in a place.
Domiciliary	Formal
Domiciliary	to, at, or of a person's home.
Dominant	dominating, prevailing.
Dominant	appearing in offspring even when the opposite characteristic is also inherited.
Dominant	Fifth note of the diatonic scale of any key.
Dominant	Dominantly
Dominate	command, control.
Dominate	be the most influential or obvious.
Dominate	overlook.
Domineer	(often as domineering
Domineer	) Behave arrogantly or tyrannically.
Dominican	Of st dominic or his order.
Dominican	Dominican friar or nun.
Dominion	sovereignty, control.
Dominion	realm; domain.
Dominion	hist. Self-governing territory of the british commonwealth.
Domino	any of
Domino	8 small oblong pieces marked with
Domino	–6 pips in each half.
Domino	(in
Domino	) Game played with these.
Domino	loose cloak with a mask.
Domino effect	effect whereby
Domino effect	one event precipitates others in causal sequence.
Don1	university teacher, esp.
Don1	senior member of a college at oxford or cambridge.
Don1	spanish title
Don1	ed to a forename.
Don2	put on
Donate	give
Donate	, esp. To charity.
Donation	donating or being donated.
Donation	thing, esp. Money, donated.
Done	completed.
Done	cooked.
Done	Socially acceptable
Done	Tired out.
Done	(esp. As
Done	In reply to an offer etc.) Accepted.
Done	In serious trouble. Have done with be rid of; finish dealing with.
Doner kebab	Spiced lamb cooked on a spit and served in slices, often with pitta bread.
Donjon	Great tower or innermost keep of a castle.
Don juan	Seducer of women.
Donkey	domestic ass.
Donkey	Stupid person.
Donkey jacket	Thick weatherproof workman's jacket or fashion garment.
Donkey's years	Very long time.
Donkey-work	Laborious part of a job.
Donna	Title of an italian, spanish, or portuguese lady.
Donnish	Like a college don; pedantic.
Donor	person who donates
Donor	person who provides blood, semen, or an organ or tissue for medical use.
Donor card	Official card authorizing the use of organs, carried by a donor.
Don't	Do not.
Don't	Prohibition
Donut	small fried cake of sweetened dough.
Doodle	scribble or draw, esp. Absent-mindedly.
Doodle	Such a scribble or drawing.
Doom	a grim fate or destiny.
Doom	death or ruin.
Doom	condemnation.
Doom	condemn or destine.
Doom	(esp. As doomed
Doom	) Consign to misfortune or destruction.
Doomsday	Day of the last judgement.
Door	a esp. Hinged barrier for closing and opening the entrance to a building, room, cupboard, etc.
Door	this as representing a house etc.
Door	a entrance or exit; doorway.
Door	means of access.
Doorbell	Bell on a door rung by visitors to signal arrival.
Doorknob	Knob turned to open a door.
Doorman	Person on duty at the door to a large building.
Doormat	mat at an entrance, for wiping shoes.
Doormat	Submissive person.
Doorpost	Upright of a door-frame, on which the door is hung.
Doorstep	step or area in front of the outer door of a house etc.
Doorstep	thick slice of bread.
Doorstep	go from door to door canvassing, selling, etc.
Doorstep	call upon or wait on the doorstep for
Doorstep	in order to interview etc.
Doorstop	Device for keeping a door open or to prevent it from striking the wall.
Door-to-door	Done at each house in turn.
Doorway	Opening filled by a door.
Dope	narcotic.
Dope	drug etc. Given to a horse, athlete, etc., to improve performance.
Dope	thick liquid used as a lubricant etc.
Dope	varnish.
Dope	stupid person.
Dope	information.
Dopey	half asleep or stupefied as if by a drug.
Dopey	stupid.
Dopey	Dopiness
Doppelgänger	Apparition of a living person.
Doppler effect	Increase
Doppler effect	in the frequency of sound, light, etc. Waves caused by moving nearer to
Doppler effect	the source.
Dorado	sea-fish showing brilliant colours when dying out of water.
Doric	archit. Of the oldest and simplest of the greek orders.
Doric	broad, rustic.
Doric	Rustic english or esp. Scots.
Dormant	lying inactive; sleeping.
Dormant	temporarily inactive.
Dormant	alive but not growing.
Dormer	projecting upright window in a sloping roof.
Dormitory	sleeping-room with several beds, esp. In a school or institution.
Dormitory	Small commuter town or suburb.
Dormobile	Propr. Motor caravan.
Dormouse	small mouselike hibernating rodent.
Dorsal	Of or on the back
Dory	any of various edible marine fish, esp. The john dory.
Dosage	size of a dose.
Dosage	giving of a dose.
Dose	single portion of medicine.
Dose	experience of something
Dose	amount of radiation received.
Dose	venereal infection.
Dose	treat with or give doses of medicine to.
Do-se-do	figure in which two dancers pass round each other back to back.
Dosh	money.
Doss	sleep roughly or in a doss-house.
Doss	spend time idly.
Dosser	person who dosses.
Doss-house	Cheap lodging-house for vagrants.
Dossier	File containing information about a person, event, etc.
Dot	Department of transport.
Dot	a small spot or mark.
Dot	this as part of i or j, or as a decimal point etc.
Dot	shorter signal of the two in morse code.
Dot	a mark with dot
Dot	place a dot over
Dot	scatter like dots.
Dot	partly cover as with dots
Dot	hit.
Dot	be minutely accurate.
Dot	add the final touches to a task etc. On the dot exactly on time. The year dot
Dot	Far in the past.
Dotage	Feeble-minded senility
Dotard	Senile person.
Dote	be excessively fond of.
Dotted line	Line of dots on a document etc., esp. For writing a signature on.
Dotterel	Small migrant plover.
Dottle	Remnant of unburnt tobacco in a pipe.
Dotty	crazy; eccentric.
Dotty	infatuated with.
Double	consisting of two parts or things; twofold.
Double	twice as much or many
Double	having twice the usual size, quantity, strength, etc.
Double	a being double in part.
Double	with two or more circles of petals.
Double	ambiguous, deceitful
Double	at or to twice the amount etc.
Double	two together
Double act	Comedy act by a duo.
Double agent	Spy working for rival countries.
Double-barrelled	having two barrels.
Double-barrelled	hyphenated.
Double-bass	Largest instrument of the violin family.
Double bluff	Genuine action or statement disguised as a bluff.
Double-book	Reserve
Double-book	For two people at once.
Double-breasted	Overlapping across the body.
Double-check	Verify twice.
Double chin	Chin with a fold of loose flesh below it.
Double cream	Thick cream with a high fat-content.
Double-cross	Deceive or betray
Double-cross	Act of doing this.
Double-dealing	Deceit, esp. In business.
Double-dealing	Practising deceit.
Double-decker	bus having an upper and lower deck.
Double-decker	Sandwich with two layers of filling.
Double dutch	Gibberish.
Double eagle	Figure of a two-headed eagle.
Double-edged	presenting both a danger and an advantage.
Double-edged	Having two cutting-edges.
Double entendre	Ambiguous phrase open to usu. Indecent interpretation.
Double entry	System of bookkeeping with entries debited in one account and credited in another.
Double feature	Cinema programme with two full-length films.
Double figures	pl. Numbers from
Double figures	0 to
Double glazing	Two layers of glass in a window.
Double helix	Pair of parallel helices with a common axis, esp. In the structure of a dna molecule.
Double-jointed	Having joints that allow unusual bending.
Double negative	Negative statement containing two negative elements
Double-park	Park
Double-park	alongside one already parked at the roadside.
Double pneumonia	Pneumonia affecting both lungs.
Double-quick	Very quick or quickly.
Double standard	Rule or principle not impartially applied.
Doublet	hist. Man's short close-fitting jacket.
Doublet	one of a pair of similar things.
Double take	Delayed reaction to a situation etc.
Double-talk	ambiguous or misleading speech.
Double-think	Capacity to accept contrary opinions at the same time.
Double time	Wages paid at twice the normal rate.
Doubloon	Hist. Spanish gold coin.
Doubt	uncertainty; undecided state of mind.
Doubt	cynicism.
Doubt	uncertain state.
Doubt	lack of full proof or clear indication.
Doubt	feel uncertain or undecided about.
Doubt	hesitate to believe.
Doubt	call in question.
Doubtful	feeling doubt.
Doubtful	causing doubt.
Doubtful	unreliable.
Doubtful	Doubtfulness
Doubtless	Certainly; probably.
Douche	jet of liquid applied to part of the body for cleansing or medicinal purposes.
Douche	device for producing such a jet.
Douche	treat with a douche.
Douche	use a douche.
Dough	thick mixture of flour etc. And liquid for baking.
Dough	money.
Doughnut	small fried cake of sweetened dough.
Doughnutting	The clustering of politicians round a speaker during a televised debate to make him or her appear well supported.
Doughty	valiant.
Doughty	Doughtiness
Dour	Severe, stern, obstinate.
Douse	a throw water over.
Douse	plunge into water.
Douse	extinguish
Dove	bird with short legs, a small head, and a large breast.
Dove	gentle or innocent person.
Dove	advocate of peace or peaceful policies.
Dovecote	shelter with nesting-holes for domesticated pigeons.
Dovetail	Mortise and tenon joint shaped like a dove's spread tail.
Dovetail	join with dovetails.
Dovetail	fit together; combine neatly.
Dowager	widow with a title or property from her late husband
Dowager	Dignified elderly woman.
Dowdy	unattractively dull.
Dowdy	dressed dowdily.
Dowdy	Dowdiness
Dowel	Cylindrical peg for holding structural components together.
Dowel	fasten with a dowel.
Dowelling	Rods for cutting into dowels.
Dower	widow's share for life of a husband's estate.
Dower	dowry.
Dower house	Smaller house near a big one, as part of a widow's dower.
Dow-jones index	a figure indicating the relative price of shares on the new york stock exchange.
Down1	into or towards a lower place, esp. To the ground
Down1	in a lower place or position
Down1	to or in a place regarded as lower, esp.: a southwards.
Down1	away from a major city or a university.
Down1	a in or into a low or weaker position or condition
Down1	losing by
Down1	out of action.
Down1	from an earlier to a later time (down to
Down1	600).
Down1	to a finer or thinner consistency or smaller amount or size
Down1	cheaper
Down1	into a more settled state
Down1	in writing or recorded form
Down1	0 paid or dealt with as a deposit or part
Down1	1 with the current or wind.
Down1	read vertically
Down1	downwards along, through, or into.
Down1	from the top to the bottom of.
Down1	along
Down1	at or in a lower part of
Down1	directed downwards
Down1	from a capital or centre
Down1	knock or bring down.
Down1	swallow.
Down1	act of putting down.
Down1	reverse of fortune
Down3	open rolling land.
Down3	(in
Down3	) Chalk uplands, esp. In s. England.
Down-and-out	Destitute person.
Downbeat	Accented beat, usu. The first of the bar.
Downbeat	pessimistic, gloomy.
Downbeat	relaxed.
Downcast	dejected.
Downcast	looking downwards.
Downer	depressant or tranquillizing drug.
Downer	depressing person or experience; failure.
Downfall	fall from prosperity or power.
Downfall	cause of this.
Downgrade	reduce in rank or status.
Downhearted	Dejected.
Downhearted	Downheartedness
Downhill	In a descending direction.
Downhill	Sloping down, declining.
Downhill	downhill race in skiing.
Downhill	downward slope.
Downhill	Deteriorate.
Down in the mouth	Looking unhappy.
Down-market	Of or to the cheaper sector of the market.
Down payment	Partial initial payment.
Downpipe	Pipe to carry rainwater from a roof.
Downpour	Heavy fall of rain.
Downright	plain, straightforward.
Downright	utter
Downright	Thoroughly
Down's syndrome	Congenital disorder with mental retardation and physical abnormalities.
Downstage	Nearer the front of a theatre stage.
Downstairs	down the stairs.
Downstairs	to or on a lower floor.
Downstairs	Situated downstairs.
Downstairs	Lower floor.
Downstream	In the direction in which a stream etc. Flows.
Down-to-earth	Practical, realistic.
Downtrodden	Oppressed; badly treated.
Downturn	Decline, esp. In economic activity.
Down under	In the antipodes, esp. Australia.
Downward	towards what is lower, inferior, less important, or later.
Downward	Moving or extending downwards.
Downwind	In the direction in which the wind is blowing.
Downy	of, like, or covered with down.
Downy	soft and fluffy.
Dowry	property or money brought by a bride to her husband.
Dowse1	search for underground water or minerals by holding a stick or rod which dips abruptly when over the right spot.
Dowsing-rod	Rod for dowsing.
Doxology	liturgical hymn etc. Of praise to god.
Doyen	senior member of a group.
Doz.	Dozen.
Doze	sleep lightly; be half asleep.
Doze	Short light sleep.
Dozen	twelve
Dozen	set of twelve
Dozen	(in
Dozen	; usu. Foll. By of)
Dozen	Very many
Dozy	drowsy.
Dozy	Stupid or lazy.
D.phil.	Doctor of philosophy.
Dpp	Director of public prosecutions.
Dr	Doctor.
Drab	dull, uninteresting.
Drab	of a dull brownish colour.
Drab	Drabness
Drachm	Weight formerly used by apothecaries, =
Drachm	/8 ounce.
Drachma	chief monetary unit of greece.
Drachma	silver coin of ancient greece.
Draconian	very harsh, cruel.
Draft	preliminary written version of a speech, document, etc., or outline of a scheme.
Draft	a written order for payment of money by a bank.
Draft	drawing of money by this.
Draft	a detachment from a larger group.
Draft	selection of this.
Draft	us conscription.
Draft	us
Draft	prepare a draft of
Draft	select for a special duty or purpose.
Draft	us conscript.
Draftsman	person who drafts documents.
Drafty	Letting in sharp currents of air.
Drag	pull along with effort.
Drag	a trail or allow to trail along the ground.
Drag	Go or pass slowly or tediously.
Drag	a use a grapnel.
Drag	search the bottom of
Drag	With grapnels, nets, etc.
Drag	Take
Drag	with one.
Drag	draw on
Drag	a obstruction to progress.
Drag	retarding force or motion.
Drag	Boring or tiresome person, duty, etc.
Drag	a lure before hounds as a substitute for a fox.
Drag	hunt using this.
Drag	apparatus for dredging.
Drag	inhalation.
Drag	women's clothes worn by men.
Drag	Introduce or revive
Draggle	make dirty, wet, or limp by trailing.
Draggle	hang trailing.
Drag-net	net drawn through a river or across the ground to trap fish or game.
Drag-net	systematic hunt for criminals etc.
Dragon	mythical usu. Winged monster like a reptile, able to breathe fire.
Dragon	fierce woman.
Dragonfly	Large insect with a long body and two pairs of transparent wings.
Dragoon	cavalryman.
Dragoon	fierce fellow.
Dragoon	coerce or bully into.
Drag queen	derog. Male homosexual transvestite.
Drain	draw off liquid from.
Drain	draw off
Drain	flow or trickle away.
Drain	dry or become dry as liquid flows away.
Drain	exhaust of strength or resources.
Drain	a drink to the dregs.
Drain	empty
Drain	By drinking the contents.
Drain	a channel, conduit, or pipe carrying off liquid, sewage, etc.
Drain	tube for drawing off discharge etc.
Drain	constant outflow or expenditure.
Drain	Lost, wasted.
Drainage	draining.
Drainage	system of drains.
Drainage	what is drained off.
Draining-board	Sloping grooved surface beside a sink for draining washed dishes.
Drainpipe	pipe for carrying off water etc.
Drainpipe	very narrow.
Drainpipe	(in
Drainpipe	) Very narrow trousers.
Drake	Male duck.
Dralon	Propr.
Dralon	synthetic acrylic fibre.
Dralon	fabric made from this.
Dram	small drink of spirits, esp. Whisky.
Drama	play for stage or broadcasting.
Drama	art of writing, acting, or presenting plays.
Drama	dramatic event or quality
Dramatic	of drama.
Dramatic	sudden and exciting or unexpected.
Dramatic	vividly striking.
Dramatic	Theatrical.
Dramatics	pl.
Dramatics	performance of plays.
Dramatics	exaggerated behaviour.
Dramatis personae	characters in a play.
Dramatis personae	list of these.
Dramatist	Writer of dramas.
Dramatize	turn
Dramatize	Into a play.
Dramatize	make a dramatic scene of.
Dramatize	behave dramatically.
Drape	hang or cover loosely, adorn with cloth etc.
Drape	arrange
Drape	Esp. In folds.
Drape	(in
Drape	) Us curtains.
Draper	Dealer in textile fabrics.
Drapery	clothing or hangings arranged in folds.
Drapery	draper's trade or fabrics.
Drastic	Far-reaching in effect; severe.
Drat	(usu. As
Drat	) Curse
Drat	Expressing anger or annoyance.
Draught	current of air in a room or chimney etc.
Draught	pulling, traction.
Draught	depth of water needed to float a ship.
Draught	drawing of liquor from a cask etc.
Draught	a single act of drinking or inhaling.
Draught	amount drunk thus.
Draught	(in
Draught	) Game for two with
Draught	2 pieces each on a draughtboard.
Draught	a drawing in of a fishing-net.
Draught	fish so caught.
Draught	Suffer from esp. Financial hardship.
Draught beer	Beer from the cask, not bottled or canned.
Draught-horse	Horse for heavy work.
Draughtsman	person who makes drawings, plans, or sketches.
Draughtsman	piece in draughts.
Draughty	Letting in sharp currents of air.
Draw	(past drew;
Draw	Drawn)
Draw	pull or cause to move towards or after one.
Draw	pull
Draw	up, over, or across.
Draw	pull
Draw	Open or shut.
Draw	take
Draw	aside.
Draw	attract; bring; take in
Draw	inhale from
Draw	Take out; remove
Draw	obtain or take from a source
Draw	Make
Draw	produce
Draw	thus.
Draw	represent
Draw	thus.
Draw	Finish
Draw	with equal scores.
Draw	1 proceed
Draw	2 infer
Drawback	Disadvantage.
Drawbridge	Hinged retractable bridge, esp. Over a moat.
Drawer	person or thing that draws, esp.
Drawer	cheque etc.
Drawer	also lidless boxlike storage compartment, sliding in and out of a table etc.
Drawer	(in
Drawer	) Knickers, underpants.
Drawing	art of representing by line with a pencil etc.
Drawing	picture etc. Made thus.
Drawing-board	Board on which paper is fixed for drawing on.
Drawing-pin	Flat-headed pin for fastening paper etc. To a surface.
Drawing-room	room in a private house for sitting or entertaining in.
Drawing-room	Restrained, polite
Drawl	Speak with drawn-out vowel sounds.
Drawl	Drawling utterance or way of speaking.
Drawn	Looking strained and tense.
Drawstring	String or cord threaded through a waistband, bag opening, etc.
Dray	Low cart without sides for heavy loads, esp. Beer-barrels.
Dread	Fear greatly, esp. In advance.
Dread	Great fear or apprehension.
Dread	dreaded.
Dread	awe-inspiring, dreadful.
Dreadful	terrible.
Dreadful	Very annoying, very bad.
Dreadlocks	pl. Rastafarian hairstyle with hair hanging in tight braids on all sides.
Dream	series of scenes or feelings in the mind of a sleeping person.
Dream	day-dream or fantasy.
Dream	ideal, aspiration.
Dream	beautiful or ideal person or thing.
Dream	(past and
Dream	Dreamt or dreamed)
Dream	experience a dream.
Dream	imagine as in a dream.
Dream	Consider possible
Dream	waste
Dream	be inactive or unpractical.
Dream	Easily, effortlessly.
Dreamboat	Sexually attractive or ideal person.
Dreamland	Ideal or imaginary land.
Dreamy	given to day-dreaming or fantasy.
Dreamy	dreamlike; vague.
Dreamy	Delightful.
Dreamy	Dreaminess
Dreary	dismal, dull, gloomy.
Dreary	Dreariness
Dredge1	Apparatus used to scoop up oysters etc., or to clear mud etc., from a river or sea bed.
Dredge1	a bring up or clear
Dredge1	With a dredge.
Dredge1	bring up
Dredge1	clean with or use a dredge.
Dredge2	sprinkle with flour, sugar, etc.
Dredger1	boat with a dredge.
Dredger1	dredge.
Dredger2	Container with a perforated lid, for sprinkling flour, sugar, etc.
Dregs	sediment; grounds, lees.
Drench	wet thoroughly.
Drench	force
Drench	to take medicine.
Drench	Dose of medicine for an animal.
Dress	Put clothes on.
Dress	have and wear clothes
Dress	put on evening dress.
Dress	arrange or adorn
Dress	treat
Dress	esp. With a dressing.
Dress	a prepare
Dress	For cooking or eating.
Dress	add dressing to
Dress	apply manure to.
Dress	finish the surface of
Dress	correct the alignment of
Dress	make
Dress	for fishing.
Dress	woman's garment of a bodice and skirt.
Dress	clothing, esp.
Dress	whole outfit.
Dress	formal or ceremonial costume.
Dress	external covering; outward form.
Dress	reprimand or scold.
Dress	dress informally. Dress up
Dress	put on special clothes.
Dress	make
Dress	more attractive or interesting.
Dressage	Training of a horse in obedience and deportment; display of this.
Dress circle	First gallery in a theatre.
Dress coat	Man's swallow-tailed evening coat.
Dresser1	Kitchen sideboard with shelves for plates etc.
Dresser2	person who helps to dress actors or actresses.
Dresser2	surgeon's assistant in operations.
Dresser2	person who dresses in a specified way
Dressing	putting one's clothes on.
Dressing	a sauce, esp. Of oil and vinegar etc., for salads
Dressing	sauce or stuffing etc. For food.
Dressing	bandage, ointment, etc., for a wound.
Dressing	size or stiffening used to coat fabrics.
Dressing	compost etc. Spread over land.
Dressing-down	Scolding.
Dressing-gown	Loose robe worn when one is not fully dressed.
Dressing-room	Room for changing one's clothes, esp. In a theatre, or attached to a bedroom.
Dressing-table	Table with a flat top, mirror, and drawers, used while applying make-up etc.
Dressmaker	Person who makes women's clothes, esp. For a living.
Dress rehearsal	Final rehearsal in full costume.
Dress-shield	Waterproof material in the armpit of a dress to protect it from sweat.
Dress-shirt	Man's shirt worn with evening dress, usu. White with concealed buttons or studs.
Dressy	smart, elaborate, elegant.
Drey	Squirrel's nest.
Dribble	allow saliva to flow from the mouth.
Dribble	flow or allow to flow in drops.
Dribble	Esp. Football
Dribble	hockey move
Dribble	forward with slight touches of the feet or stick.
Dribble	act of dribbling.
Dribble	dribbling flow.
Driblet	Small quantity.
Dribs and drabs	Small scattered amounts.
Drier2	device for drying hair, laundry, etc.
Drift	a slow movement or variation.
Drift	this caused by a current.
Drift	intention, meaning, etc. Of what is said etc.
Drift	mass of snow etc. Heaped up by the wind.
Drift	esp. Derog. State of inaction.
Drift	slow deviation of a ship, aircraft, etc., from its course.
Drift	fragments of rock heaped up
Drift	s.afr. Ford.
Drift	be carried by or as if by a current of air or water.
Drift	progress casually or aimlessly
Drift	pile or be piled into drifts.
Drift	carry, cause to drift.
Drifter	aimless person.
Drifter	boat used for drift-net fishing.
Drift-net	Net for sea fishing, allowed to drift.
Driftwood	Wood floating on moving water or washed ashore.
Drill1	tool or machine for boring holes, sinking wells, etc.
Drill1	instruction in military exercises.
Drill1	routine procedure in an emergency
Drill1	thorough training, esp. By repetition.
Drill1	Recognized procedure
Drill1	a make a hole in or through with a drill.
Drill1	make
Drill1	with a drill.
Drill1	train or be trained by drill.
Drill2	machine for making furrows, sowing, and covering seed.
Drill2	small furrow.
Drill2	row of seeds sown by a drill.
Drill2	Plant in drills.
Drill3	twilled cotton or linen fabric.
Drill4	W. African baboon related to the mandrill.
Drily	in a dry manner.
Drink	(past drank;
Drink	Drunk)
Drink	Swallow
Drink	swallow the contents of
Drink	take alcohol, esp. To excess.
Drink	Absorb
Drink	bring
Drink	To a specified condition by drinking.
Drink	wish
Drink	By drinking
Drink	a liquid for drinking.
Drink	draught or specified amount of this.
Drink	a alcoholic liquor.
Drink	portion, glass, etc. Of this.
Drink	excessive use of alcohol
Drink	The sea.
Drink	Drinker
Drink-driver	Person who drives with excess alcohol in the blood.
Drip	fall or let fall in drops.
Drip	be so wet as to shed drops.
Drip	a liquid falling in drops
Drip	drop of liquid.
Drip	sound of dripping.
Drip	Dull or ineffectual person.
Drip-dry	Dry or leave to dry crease-free when hung up.
Drip-dry	Able to be drip-dried.
Drip-feed	Feed intravenously in drops.
Drip-feed	feeding thus.
Drip-feed	apparatus for doing this.
Dripping	Fat melted from roasted meat.
Drippy	ineffectual; sloppily sentimental.
Drive	(-ving; past drove;
Drive	Driven)
Drive	urge forward, esp. Forcibly.
Drive	a compel
Drive	force into a specified state
Drive	Urge to overwork.
Drive	a operate and direct
Drive	convey or be conveyed in a vehicle.
Drive	be competent to drive
Drive	travel in a private vehicle.
Drive	Carry along, propel, esp. Rapidly
Drive	force
Drive	Into place by blows.
Drive	bore
Drive	effect or conclude forcibly
Drive	operate
Drive	work hard; dash, rush.
Drive	hit
Drive	forcibly.
Drive	journey or excursion in a vehicle.
Drive	street or road.
Drive	private road through a garden to a house.
Drive	a motivation and energy.
Drive	inner urge
Drive	forcible stroke of a bat etc.
Drive	organized effort
Drive	a transmission of power to machinery, wheels, etc.
Drive	position of the steering-wheel in a vehicle
Drive	computing
Drive	organized whist, bingo, etc. Competition.
Drive-in	Used while sitting in one's car.
Drive-in	Such a bank, cinema, etc.
Drivel	Silly talk; nonsense.
Drivel	talk drivel.
Drivel	run at the mouth or nose.
Driven	Of *drive.
Drive-on	on to which vehicles may be driven.
Driver	person who drives a vehicle.
Driver	golf-club for driving from a tee.
Driving-licence	Licence permitting one to drive a vehicle.
Driving test	Official test of competence to drive.
Driving-wheel	Wheel communicating motive power in machinery.
Drizzle	Very fine rain.
Drizzle	fall in very fine drops.
Droll	Quaintly amusing; strange, odd.
Droll	. Drolly
Dromedary	one-humped
Dromedary	camel bred for riding.
Drone	non-working male of the honey-bee.
Drone	idler.
Drone	deep humming sound.
Drone	monotonous speaking tone.
Drone	bass-pipe of bagpipes or its continuous note.
Drone	make a deep humming sound.
Drone	speak or utter monotonously.
Drool	slobber, dribble.
Drool	admire extravagantly.
Droop	bend or hang down, esp. From weariness; flag.
Droop	look downwards.
Droop	drooping attitude.
Droop	loss of spirit.
Drop	a globule of liquid that hangs, falls, or adheres to a surface.
Drop	very small amount of liquid
Drop	glass etc. Of alcohol.
Drop	a abrupt fall or slope.
Drop	amount of this
Drop	act of dropping.
Drop	fall in prices, temperature, etc.
Drop	deterioration
Drop	drop-shaped thing, esp.
Drop	pendant or sweet.
Drop	curtain or scenery let down on to a stage.
Drop	(in
Drop	) Liquid medicine used in drops
Drop	minute quantity.
Drop	hiding-place for stolen goods etc.
Drop	bribe.
Drop	fall or let fall in drops, shed
Drop	fall or allow to fall; let go.
Drop	a sink down from exhaustion or injury.
Drop	die.
Drop	fall naturally
Drop	cease or lapse; abandon. B
Drop	Cease to associate with or discuss.
Drop	set down
Drop	utter or be uttered casually
Drop	send casually
Drop	a fall or allow to fall in direction, amount, condition, degree, pitch, etc.
Drop	jump down lightly; let oneself fall.
Drop	allow
Drop	To fall to the ground.
Drop	omit
Drop	in speech
Drop	0 (as dropped
Drop	) In a lower position than usual
Drop	1 give birth to (esp.
Drop	lamb).
Drop	2 lose
Drop	3 deliver by parachute etc.
Drop	4 football send
Drop	, or score
Drop	, by a drop-kick.
Drop	Dismiss or omit
Drop	Make an indiscreet or embarrassing remark. Drop a curtsy curtsy. Drop in
Drop	Visit casually. Drop off
Drop	fall asleep.
Drop	drop
Drop	. Drop out
Drop	Cease to participate.
Drop-curtain	Painted curtain lowered on to a stage.
Drop-kick	Football kick as the ball touches the ground having been dropped.
Drop-out	Person who has dropped out of conventional society, a course of study, etc.
Dropper	Device for releasing liquid in drops.
Droppings	dung of animals or birds.
Droppings	thing that falls or has fallen in drops.
Drop scone	Scone made by dropping a spoonful of mixture into the pan etc.
Drop-shot	shot dropping abruptly over the net.
Drosophila	Fruit fly used in genetic research.
Dross	rubbish.
Dross	a scum from melted metals.
Dross	impurities.
Drought	Prolonged absence of rain.
Drove2	a moving crowd.
Drove2	Great number
Drove2	herd or flock driven or moving together.
Drover	Herder of cattle.
Drown	kill or die by submersion in liquid.
Drown	submerge; flood; drench.
Drown	deaden
Drown	By drinking.
Drown	overpower
Drown	with louder sound.
Drowse	be lightly asleep.
Drowsy	very sleepy, almost asleep.
Drowsy	Drowsiness
Drub	beat, thrash.
Drub	defeat thoroughly.
Drudge	Person who does dull, laborious, or menial work.
Drudge	work laboriously, toil.
Drug	medicinal substance.
Drug	narcotic, hallucinogen, or stimulant.
Drug	add a drug to
Drug	a give a drug to.
Drug	stupefy.
Drugget	woven fabric used for floor coverings etc.
Druggist	Pharmacist.
Drugstore	Us combined chemist's shop and café.
Druid	priest of an ancient celtic religion.
Druid	member of a modern druidic order, esp. The gorsedd.
Druid	Druidism
Drum	hollow esp. Cylindrical percussion instrument covered at the end
Drum	with plastic etc.
Drum	(often in
Drum	) Percussion section of an orchestra etc.
Drum	sound made by a drum.
Drum	thing resembling a drum, esp.
Drum	container, etc.
Drum	segment of a pillar.
Drum	eardrum.
Drum	play a drum.
Drum	beat or tap continuously with the fingers etc.
Drum	make a loud noise with the wings.
Drumbeat	Stroke or sound of a stroke on a drum.
Drum brake	Brake in which brake shoes on a vehicle press against the brake drum on a wheel.
Drumhead	Part of a drum that is hit.
Drum kit	Set of drums in a band etc.
Drum machine	Electronic device that simulates percussion.
Drum major	Leader of a marching band.
Drum majorette	Female baton-twirling member of a parading group.
Drummer	Player of drums.
Drumstick	stick for beating drums.
Drumstick	lower leg of a dressed fowl.
Drunk	lacking control from drinking alcohol.
Drunk	overcome with joy, success, power, etc.
Drunk	Person who is drunk, esp. Habitually.
Drunkard	Person who is habitually drunk.
Drunken	(usu.
Drunken	caused by or involving drunkenness
Drunken	often drunk.
Drunken	Drunkenness
Drupe	Fleshy stone-fruit, e.g. The olive and plum.
Dry	free from moisture, esp.: a with moisture having evaporated, drained away, etc.
Dry	free from tears.
Dry	With insufficient rain; not rainy
Dry	Dried up.
Dry	using or producing no moisture
Dry	with an electric razor.
Dry	not sweet
Dry	a plain, unelaborated
Dry	uninteresting
Dry	subtle, ironic, understated.
Dry	prohibiting the sale of alcohol
Dry	without butter etc.
Dry	Solid, not liquid.
Dry	impassive.
Dry	not yielding milk.
Dry	Thirsty
Dry	make or become dry.
Dry	(usu. As dried
Dry	) Preserve
Dry	By removing moisture.
Dry	Forget one's lines.
Dry	act of drying.
Dry	dry ginger ale.
Dry	dry place
Dry	make or become fully dry.
Dry	treat or be treated for alcoholism. Dry up
Dry	make or become utterly dry.
Dry	dry dishes.
Dry	Cease talking.
Dry	become unproductive.
Dry	run out.
Dryad	Wood nymph.
Dry battery	electric battery or cell in which electrolyte is absorbed in a solid.
Dry-clean	Clean
Dry-clean	With solvents without water.
Dry dock	Dock that can be pumped dry for building or repairing ships.
Dry-fly	with a floating artificial fly.
Dry ice	Solid carbon dioxide used as a refrigerant.
Dry land	Land as distinct from sea etc.
Dry measure	Measure for dry goods.
Dry rot	Decayed state of unventilated wood; fungi causing this.
Dry run	Rehearsal.
Dry-shod	Without wetting one's shoes.
Drystone	Built without mortar.
Dsc	Distinguished service cross.
D.sc.	Doctor of science.
Dsm	Distinguished service medal.
Dso	Distinguished service order.
Dss	Department of social security
Dt	delirium tremens.
Dti	Department of trade and industry.
Dual	in two parts; twofold.
Dual	double
Dual	Dual number or form.
Dual carriageway	Road with a dividing strip between traffic flowing in opposite directions.
Dual control	Two linked sets of controls, enabling operation by either of two persons.
Dub1	make
Dub1	a knight by touching his shoulders with a sword.
Dub1	give
Dub1	a name, nickname, etc.
Dub1	smear
Dub1	with grease.
Dub2	provide
Dub2	With an, esp. Translated, alternative soundtrack.
Dub2	add
Dub2	to a film or broadcast.
Dub2	transfer or make a copy of
Dubbin	thick grease for softening and waterproofing leather.
Dubiety	Literary doubt.
Dubious	hesitating, doubtful.
Dubious	questionable; suspicious.
Dubious	unreliable.
Dubious	Dubiousness
Ducal	Of or like a duke.
Ducat	Gold coin, formerly current in most of europe.
Duchess	duke's wife or widow.
Duchess	woman holding the rank of duke.
Duchesse potatoes	pl. Mashed potatoes mixed with egg, baked or fried, and served as small cakes or used as piping.
Duchy	territory of a duke or duchess; royal dukedom of cornwall or lancaster.
Duck1	a swimming-bird, esp. The domesticated form of the mallard or wild duck.
Duck1	female of this.
Duck1	its flesh as food.
Duck1	score of
Duck1	in cricket.
Duck1	dear.
Duck1	bob down, esp. To avoid being seen or hit.
Duck1	a dip one's head briefly under water.
Duck1	plunge
Duck1	briefly in water.
Duck1	Dodge
Duck1	Producing no effect.
Duck2	strong linen or cotton fabric.
Duck2	(in
Duck2	) Trousers made of this.
Duckboard	(usu. In
Duckboard	) Path of wooden slats over muddy ground, in a trench, etc.
Duckling	Young duck.
Ducks and drakes	pl.
Ducks and drakes	Game of making a flat stone skim the surface of water.
Ducks and drakes	Squander.
Duckweed	Any of various plants growing on the surface of still water.
Ducky	dear.
Duct	Channel or tube for conveying a fluid, cable, bodily secretions, etc.
Duct	Convey through a duct.
Ductile	capable of being drawn into wire; pliable.
Ductile	easily moulded.
Ductile	docile.
Ductless gland	Gland secreting directly into the bloodstream.
Dud	useless or broken thing.
Dud	counterfeit article.
Dud	(in
Dud	) Clothes, rags.
Dud	Useless, defective.
Dude	fellow.
Dude	us dandy.
Dude	us city-dweller staying on a ranch.
Dudgeon	Resentment, indignation.
Due	owing or payable.
Due	merited; appropriate.
Due	that ought to be given or ascribed to
Due	(often foll.
Duel	armed contest between two people, usu. To the death.
Duel	two-sided contest.
Duel	fight a duel.
Duenna	Older woman acting as a chaperon to girls, esp. In spain.
Duet	Musical composition for two performers.
Duff1	Boiled pudding.
Duff1	worthless, counterfeit, useless.
Duff2	beat; thrash.
Duffer	Inefficient or stupid person; dunce.
Duffle	heavy woollen cloth.
Duffle bag	Cylindrical canvas bag closed by a drawstring.
Duffle-coat	Hooded overcoat of duffle, fastened with toggles.
Dug2	Udder, teat.
Dugong	asian sea-mammal.
Dugout	a roofed shelter, esp. For troops in trenches.
Dugout	underground shelter.
Dugout	canoe made from a tree-trunk.
Duke	person holding the highest hereditary title of the nobility.
Duke	sovereign prince ruling a duchy or small state.
Dulcet	Sweet-sounding.
Dulcimer	Metal stringed instrument struck with two hand-held hammers.
Dull	tedious; not interesting.
Dull	overcast.
Dull	Not bright, vivid, or clear.
Dull	indistinct; not acute
Dull	slow-witted; stupid.
Dull	Blunt.
Dull	Sluggish, slow.
Dull	listless; depressed.
Dull	Lacking keenness.
Dull	Make or become dull.
Dull	Dully
Dullard	Stupid person.
Duly	in due time or manner.
Duly	rightly, properly.
Dumb	a unable to speak.
Dumb	naturally dumb.
Dumb	silenced by surprise, shyness, etc.
Dumb	taciturn, reticent
Dumb	suffered or done in silence
Dumb	Stupid; ignorant.
Dumb	disenfranchised; inarticulate
Dumb	Able to transmit or receive but unable to process data.
Dumb	giving no sound.
Dumb-bell	short bar with a weight at each end, for muscle-building etc.
Dumb-bell	stupid person, esp.
Dumb-bell	woman.
Dumbfound	Nonplus, make speechless with surprise.
Dumbo	stupid person.
Dumb show	Gestures; mime.
Dumbstruck	Speechless with surprise.
Dumb waiter	Small hand-operated lift for conveying food from kitchen to dining-room.
Dumdum	soft-nosed bullet that expands on impact.
Dummy	model of a human figure, esp. As used to display clothes or by a ventriloquist or as a target.
Dummy	(often
Dummy	) Imitation object used to replace a real or normal one.
Dummy	baby's rubber or plastic teat.
Dummy	Stupid person.
Dummy	figurehead.
Dummy	imaginary player in bridge etc., whose cards are exposed and played by a partner.
Dummy run	Trial attempt; rehearsal.
Dump	place or heap for depositing rubbish.
Dump	Unpleasant or dreary place.
Dump	temporary store of ammunition etc.
Dump	put down firmly or clumsily.
Dump	deposit as rubbish.
Dump	Abandon or get rid of.
Dump	sell
Dump	to a foreign market at a low price.
Dump	copy
Dump	As a diagnostic aid or for security.
Dumpling	ball of dough boiled in stew or containing apple etc.
Dumpling	small fat person.
Dumps	pl.
Dumps	Low spirits.
Dump truck	Truck that tilts or opens at the back for unloading.
Dumpy	short and stout.
Dumpy	Dumpiness
Dun	Greyish-brown.
Dun	dun colour.
Dun	dun horse.
Dunce	Person slow at learning; dullard.
Dunce's cap	Paper cone worn by a dunce.
Dunderhead	Stupid person.
Dune	Drift of sand etc. Formed by the wind.
Dung	Excrement of animals; manure.
Dung	Apply dung to
Dungaree	cotton cloth.
Dungaree	(in
Dungaree	) Overalls or trousers of this.
Dung-beetle	Beetle whose larvae develop in dung.
Dungeon	Underground prison cell.
Dunghill	Heap of dung or refuse.
Dunk	dip
Dunk	into liquid before eating.
Dunk	immerse.
Dunlin	Red-backed sandpiper.
Dunnock	Hedge sparrow.
Duo	pair of performers.
Duo	duet.
Duodecimal	of twelfths or twelve.
Duodecimal	in or by twelves.
Duodenum	first part of the small intestine immediately below the stomach.
Duologue	Dialogue between two people.
Dupe	Victim of deception.
Dupe	deceive, trick.
Duple	Of two parts.
Duple time	Rhythm with two beats to the bar.
Duplex	(often
Duplex	) Esp. Us
Duplex	flat on two floors.
Duplex	house subdivided for two families; semi-detached house.
Duplex	of two parts.
Duplex	computing
Duplex	allowing simultaneous two-way transmission of signals.
Duplicate	identical.
Duplicate	a having two identical parts.
Duplicate	doubled.
Duplicate	with the same hands played by different players.
Duplicate	identical thing, esp.
Duplicate	copy.
Duplicate	copy of a letter etc.
Duplicate	multiply by two; double.
Duplicate	make or be an exact copy of.
Duplicate	repeat
Duplicate	, esp. Unnecessarily.
Duplicator	Machine for making multiple copies of a text etc.
Duplicity	Double-dealing; deceitfulness.
Durable	lasting; hard-wearing.
Durable	with a relatively long useful life.
Durable	(in
Durable	) Durable goods.
Dura mater	Tough outermost membrane enveloping the brain and spinal cord.
Duration	time taken by an event.
Duration	specified length of time
Duration	until the end of an event.
Duration	for a very long time.
Duress	compulsion, esp. Illegal use of threats or violence
Duress	imprisonment.
Durex	Propr. Condom.
During	Throughout or at some point in.
Dusk	Darker stage of twilight.
Dusky	shadowy; dim.
Dusky	dark-coloured; dark-skinned.
Dusky	Duskiness
Dust	finely powdered earth or other material etc.
Dust	dead person's remains.
Dust	confusion, turmoil.
Dust	wipe the dust from
Dust	a sprinkle with powder, sugar, etc.
Dust	sprinkle
Dust	dust the clothes of.
Dust	Reprimand.
Dust	= dust off. Dust off
Dust	remove the dust from.
Dust	use again after a long period. When the dust settles when things quieten down.
Dustbin	Container for household refuse.
Dust bowl	Desert made by drought or erosion.
Dustcart	Vehicle collecting household refuse.
Duster	Cloth for dusting furniture etc.
Dust-jacket	Paper cover on a hardback book.
Dustman	Person employed to collect household refuse.
Dustpan	Pan into which dust is brushed from the floor.
Dust-sheet	Protective cloth over furniture.
Dust-up	Fight, disturbance.
Dusty	full of or covered with dust.
Dusty	dull or muted.
Dusty	fairly good.
Dusty	Dustiness
Dusty answer	Curt refusal.
Dutch	Of the netherlands or its people or language.
Dutch	the dutch language.
Dutch	(prec. By the; treated as
Dutch	) The people of the netherlands.
Dutch	wife.
Dutch auction	One in which the price is progressively reduced.
Dutch barn	Roof for hay etc., set on poles.
Dutch cap	Dome-shaped contraceptive device fitting over the cervix.
Dutch courage	Courage induced by alcohol.
Dutch elm disease	Fungus disease of elms.
Dutchman	person of dutch birth or nationality.
Dutch oven	metal box with the open side facing a fire.
Dutch oven	covered cooking-pot for braising etc.
Dutch treat	Party, outing, etc., at which people pay for themselves.
Dutch uncle	Kind but firm adviser.
Duteous	Literary dutiful.
Dutiable	Requiring the payment of duty.
Dutiful	Doing one's duty; obedient.
Duty	a moral or legal obligation; responsibility.
Duty	binding force of what is right.
Duty	tax on certain goods, imports, etc.
Duty	job or function arising from a business or office
Duty	deference; respect due to a superior.
Duty-bound	Obliged by duty.
Duty-free	on which duty is not payable.
Duty-free shop	Shop at an airport etc. Selling duty-free goods.
Duvet	Thick soft quilt used instead of sheets and blankets.
Dwarf	person, animal, or plant much below normal size.
Dwarf	small mythological being with magical powers.
Dwarf	small usu. Dense star.
Dwarf	stunt in growth.
Dwarf	make seem small.
Dwell	(past and
Dwell	Dwelt or dwelled) live, reside.
Dwelling	House, residence.
Dwindle	become gradually less or smaller.
Dwindle	lose importance.
Dy	Dysprosium.
Dye	substance used to change the colour of hair, fabric, etc.
Dye	colour so produced.
Dye	colour with dye.
Dye	dye a specified colour
Dyed-in-the-wool	(usu.
Dyed-in-the-wool	) Out and out; unchangeable.
Dying	Of, or at the time of, death
Dyke1	embankment built to prevent flooding.
Dyke1	low wall of turf or stone.
Dyke1	provide or protect with dyke
Dyke2	lesbian.
Dynamic	energetic; active.
Dynamic	physics a of motive force.
Dynamic	of force in actual operation.
Dynamic	of dynamics.
Dynamics	mathematical study of motion and the forces causing it.
Dynamics	branch of any science concerned with forces or changes.
Dynamics	motive forces in any sphere.
Dynamics	Variation in loudness.
Dynamism	Energy; dynamic power.
Dynamite	high explosive mixture containing nitroglycerine.
Dynamite	potentially dangerous person etc.
Dynamite	charge or blow up with dynamite.
Dynamo	machine converting mechanical into electrical energy, esp. By rotating coils of copper wire in a magnetic field.
Dynamo	Energetic person.
Dynamometer	Instrument measuring energy expended.
Dynast	ruler.
Dynast	member of a dynasty.
Dynasty	line of hereditary rulers.
Dynasty	succession of leaders in any field.
Dyne	Physics force required to give a mass of one gram an acceleration of one centimetre per second per second.
Dys- 	bad, difficult.
Dysentery	Inflammation of the intestines, causing severe diarrhoea.
Dysfunction	Abnormality or impairment of functioning.
Dyslexia	Abnormal difficulty in reading and spelling.
Dyslexia	Dyslexic
Dysmenorrhoea	Painful or difficult menstruation.
Dyspepsia	Indigestion.
Dysphasia	Lack of coordination in speech, owing to brain damage.
Dysprosium	Metallic element of the lanthanide series.
Dystrophy	Defective nutrition.
E1	fifth letter of the alphabet.
E1	Third note of the diatonic scale of c major.
E2	east, eastern.
E2	see *e-number.
E- 	see *ex-1 before some consonants.
Each	Every one of two or more persons or things, regarded separately
Each	Each person or thing
Each other	One another.
Each way	backing a horse etc. To win or to come second or third.
Eager	Keen, enthusiastic
Eager	Eagerness
Eager beaver	Very diligent person.
Eagle	a large bird of prey with keen vision and powerful flight.
Eagle	this as a symbol, esp. Of the us.
Eagle	score of two strokes under par at any hole in golf.
Eagle eye	Keen sight, watchfulness.
Eaglet	Young eagle.
E. & o. E.	Errors and omissions excepted.
Ear1	organ of hearing, esp. Its external part.
Ear1	faculty for discriminating sounds
Ear1	attention, esp. Sympathetic
Ear1	Deeply involved or occupied.
Ear2	Seed-bearing head of a cereal plant.
Earache	Pain in the inner ear.
Eardrum	Membrane of the middle ear.
Earful	prolonged amount of talking.
Earful	strong reprimand.
Earl	British nobleman ranking between marquis and viscount.
Earl marshal	President of the college of heralds, with ceremonial duties.
Early	before the due, usual, or expected time.
Early	a not far on in the day or night, or in time
Early	prompt
Early	not far on in a period, development, or process of evolution; being the first stage
Early	forward in flowering, ripening, etc.
Early	(usu. In
Early	) Early fruit or vegetable.
Early bird	Person who arrives, gets up, etc. Early.
Early days	pl. Too soon to expect results etc.
Early on	At an early stage.
Earmark	Set aside for a special purpose.
Earmark	Identifying mark.
Earn	bring in as income or interest.
Earn	be entitled to or obtain as the reward for work or merit.
Earnest	Intensely serious.
Earnest	Earnestness
Earnings	pl. Money earned.
Earphone	Device applied to the ear to receive a radio etc. Communication.
Earpiece	Part of a telephone etc. Applied to the ear.
Ear-piercing	Shrill.
Ear-piercing	Piercing of the ears for wearing earrings.
Earplug	Piece of wax etc. Placed in the ear to protect against water, noise, etc.
Earring	Jewellery worn on the ear.
Earshot	Hearing-range
Ear-splitting	Excessively loud.
Earth	the planet on which we live.
Earth	land and sea, as distinct from sky.
Earth	a the ground
Earth	soil, mould.
Earth	relig. This world, as distinct from heaven or hell.
Earth	connection to the earth as the completion of an electrical circuit.
Earth	hole of a fox etc.
Earth	Huge sum; everything
Earth	cover
Earth	with earth.
Earth	connect
Earth	to the earth.
Earth	Existing anywhere; emphatically
Earth	. Run to earth find after a long search.
Earth	Earthwards
Earthbound	attached to the earth or earthly things.
Earthbound	moving towards the earth.
Earthen	Made of earth or baked clay.
Earthenware	Pottery made of fired clay.
Earthling	Inhabitant of the earth, esp. In science fiction.
Earthly	of the earth or human life on it; terrestrial.
Earthly	Remotely possible
Earthly	No chance or idea whatever.
Earth mother	Sensual and maternal woman.
Earthquake	Convulsion of the earth's surface as a result of faults in strata or volcanic action.
Earth sciences	pl. Those concerned with the earth or part of it.
Earth-shattering	Traumatic, devastating.
Earthwork	Artificial bank of earth in fortification or road-building etc.
Earthworm	Common worm living in the ground.
Earthy	of or like earth or soil.
Earthy	, crude
Ear-trumpet	Trumpet-shaped device formerly used as a hearing-aid.
Earwig	Small insect with pincers at its rear end.
Ease	facility, effortlessness.
Ease	a freedom from pain or trouble.
Ease	freedom from constraint.
Ease	relieve from pain or anxiety.
Ease	a become less burdensome or severe.
Ease	begin to take it easy.
Ease	slow down; moderate one's behaviour etc.
Ease	a relax; slacken; make a less tight fit.
Ease	move or be moved carefully into place
Ease	free from anxiety or constraint.
Ease	mil. In a relaxed attitude, with the feet apart.
Easel	Stand for an artist's work, a blackboard, etc.
Easement	Legal right of way or similar right over another's land.
Easily	without difficulty.
Easily	by far
Easily	very probably
East	a point of the horizon where the sun rises at the equinoxes.
East	compass point corresponding to this.
East	direction in which this lies.
East	a countries to the east of europe.
East	states of eastern europe.
East	eastern part of a country, town, etc.
East	towards, at, near, or facing the east.
East	from the east
East	towards, at, or near the east.
East	further east than.
Eastbound	Travelling or leading eastwards.
East end	Part of london east of the city.
Easter	Festival
Easter	commemorating christ's resurrection.
Easter egg	Artificial usu. Chocolate egg given at easter.
Easterly	in an eastern position or direction.
Easterly	from the east.
Easterly	such a wind.
Eastern	Of or in the east.
Eastern church	Orthodox church.
Easterner	Native or inhabitant of the east.
East-north-east	Point or direction midway between east and north-east.
East-south-east	Point or direction midway between east and south-east.
Eastward	towards the east.
Eastward	Eastward direction or region.
Easy	not difficult; not requiring great effort.
Easy	free from pain, trouble, or anxiety.
Easy	free from constraint; relaxed and pleasant.
Easy	compliant.
Easy	With ease; in an effortless or relaxed manner.
Easy	Go or move carefully.
Easy	Pleasant to look at
Easy	. Go easy
Easy	be sparing or cautious. I'm easy
Easy	I have no preference. Take it easy
Easy	proceed gently.
Easy	relax; work less.
Easy chair	Large comfortable armchair.
Easygoing	Placid and tolerant.
Easy street	Affluence.
Eat	(past ate;
Eat	Eaten)
Eat	a take into the mouth, chew, and swallow
Eat	consume food; take a meal.
Eat	devour
Eat	a destroy gradually, esp. By corrosion, disease, etc.
Eat	begin to consume or diminish
Eat	Trouble, vex
Eat	(in
Eat	Food.
Eat	eat completely.
Eatable	Fit to be eaten.
Eatable	(usu. In
Eatable	) Food.
Eater	person who eats
Eater	eating apple etc.
Eau-de-cologne	Toilet water orig. From cologne.
Eaves	pl. Underside of a projecting roof.
Eavesdrop	listen to a private conversation.
Ebb	Movement of the tide out to sea.
Ebb	flow out to sea; recede.
Ebb	decline
Ebonite	Vulcanite.
Ebony	Heavy hard dark wood of a tropical tree.
Ebony	made of ebony.
Ebony	black like ebony.
Ebullient	Exuberant.
Ebullient	Ebulliency
Ebullient	Ebulliently
Ec	east central.
Ec	european community.
Eccentric	odd or capricious in behaviour or appearance.
Eccentric	a not placed, not having its axis placed, centrally.
Eccentric	not concentric
Eccentric	not circular.
Eccentric	eccentric person.
Eccentric	disc at the end of a shaft for changing rotatory into backward-and-forward motion.
Eccentric	Eccentricity
Eccles cake	Round cake of pastry filled with currants etc.
Ecclesiastic	Clergyman.
Ecclesiastical	Of the church or clergy.
Ecg	Electrocardiogram.
Echelon	level in an organization, in society, etc.; those occupying it (often in
Echelon	: upper echelons).
Echelon	wedge-shaped formation of troops, aircraft, etc.
Echidna	Australian egg-laying spiny mammal.
Echinoderm	sea animal of the group including the starfish and sea urchin.
Echo	a repetition of a sound by the reflection of sound waves.
Echo	sound so produced.
Echo	reflected radio or radar beam.
Echo	close imitation or imitator.
Echo	circumstance or event reminiscent of an earlier one.
Echo	resound with an echo.
Echo	be repeated; resound.
Echo	repeat
Echo	thus.
Echo	a repeat
Echo	imitate the opinions etc. Of.
Echo chamber	Enclosure with sound-reflecting walls.
Echoic	onomatopoeic.
Echolocation	Location of objects by reflected sound.
Echo-sounder	Depth-sounding device using timed echoes.
Echt	Genuine.
Éclair	Small elongated iced cake of choux pastry filled with cream.
Eclampsia	Convulsive condition occurring esp. In pregnant women.
Éclat	brilliant display.
Éclat	social distinction; conspicuous success.
Eclectic	Selecting ideas, style, etc., from various sources.
Eclectic	Eclectic person or philosopher.
Eclectic	Eclecticism
Eclipse	obscuring of light from one heavenly body by another.
Eclipse	loss of light, importance, or prominence.
Eclipse	cause the eclipse of
Eclipse	intercept
Eclipse	outshine, surpass.
Ecliptic	Sun's apparent path among the stars during the year.
Eclogue	Short pastoral poem.
Eco-	Form ecology, ecological
Ecology	the study of the relations of organisms to one another and to their surroundings.
Ecology	the study of the interaction of people with their environment.
Ecology	Ecologically
Ecology	Ecologist
Economic	of economics.
Economic	profitable
Economic	connected with trade and industry
Economical	Sparing; avoiding waste.
Economics	pl.
Economics	science of the production and distribution of wealth.
Economics	application of this to a particular subject
Economist	Expert on or student of economics.
Economize	be economical; make economies; reduce expenditure.
Economize	use sparingly.
Economy	a community's system of wealth creation.
Economy	particular kind of this
Economy	administration or condition of this.
Economy	a careful management of
Economy	resources; frugality.
Economy	instance of this
Economy	sparing or careful use
Economy class	Cheapest class of air travel.
Economy-size	consisting of a larger quantity for a proportionally lower cost.
Ecosystem	Biological community of interacting organisms and their physical environment.
Ecstasy	overwhelming joy or rapture.
Ecstasy	type of hallucinogenic drug.
Ecstasy	Ecstatically
Ect	Electroconvulsive therapy.
Ecto-	Form outside.
Ectomorph	Person with a lean body.
-ectomy	Form denoting the surgical removal of part of the body
Ectoplasm	Supposed viscous substance exuding from the body of a spiritualistic medium during a trance.
Ecu	european currency unit.
Ecumenical	of or representing the whole christian world.
Ecumenical	seeking worldwide christian unity.
Ecumenical	Ecumenism
Eczema	Inflammation of the skin, with itching and discharge.
Ed.	edited by.
Ed.	edition.
Ed.	editor.
Ed.	educated.
-ed1	forming adjectives:
-ed1	from nouns, meaning ‘having, wearing, etc.’
-ed1	from phrases of adjective and noun
-ed2	forming:
-ed2	past tense and past participle of weak verbs
-ed2	participial adjectives
Edam	Round dutch cheese with a red rind.
Eddy	circular movement of water causing a small whirlpool.
Eddy	movement of wind, smoke, etc. Resembling this.
Eddy	whirl round in eddies.
Edelweiss	Alpine plant with white flowers.
Edema	accumulation of excess fluid in body tissues, causing swelling.
Eden	Place or state of great happiness, with reference to the abode of adam and eve at the creation.
Edentate	Having no or few teeth.
Edentate	Such a mammal.
Edge	boundary-line or margin of an area or surface.
Edge	narrow surface of a thin object.
Edge	meeting-line of surfaces.
Edge	a sharpened side of a blade.
Edge	sharpness.
Edge	brink of a precipice.
Edge	edge-like thing, esp. The crest of a ridge.
Edge	effectiveness, incisiveness; excitement.
Edge	advance, esp. Gradually or furtively.
Edge	a provide with an edge or border.
Edge	form a border to.
Edge	sharpen
Edgeways	with edge uppermost or foremost.
Edging	Thing forming an edge or border.
Edgy	irritable; anxious.
Edgy	Edginess
Edible	Fit to be eaten.
Edict	Order proclaimed by authority.
Edifice	Building, esp. An imposing one.
Edify	improve morally or intellectually.
Edit	assemble, prepare, or modify
Edit	be editor of
Edit	take extracts from and collate
Edit	To form a unified sequence.
Edit	a prepare
Edit	for processing by a computer.
Edit	alter
Edit	a reword in order to correct, or to alter the emphasis.
Edit	remove
Edit	from a text etc.
Edition	edited or published form of a book etc.
Edition	copies of a book, newspaper, etc. Issued at one time.
Edition	instance of a regular broadcast.
Edition	person or thing similar to another
Editor	person who edits.
Editor	person who directs the preparation of a newspaper or broadcast news programme or a particular section of one
Editor	person who selects or commissions material for publication.
Editor	computer program for entering and modifying textual data.
Editorial	of editing or editors.
Editorial	written or approved by an editor.
Editorial	Article giving a newspaper's views on a current topic.
Edp	Electronic data processing.
Educate	give intellectual, moral, and social instruction to.
Educate	provide education for.
Educate	Educability
Educate	Educative
Educate	Educator
Educated	having had an
Educated	education.
Educated	resulting from this
Educated	based on experience or study
Education	systematic instruction.
Education	particular kind of or stage in education
Education	development of character or mental powers.
Education	Educationally
Educationist	expert in educational methods.
Educe	literary bring out or develop from latency.
Edwardian	Of or characteristic of the reign of edward vii
Edwardian	Person of this period.
-ee	forming nouns denoting:
-ee	person affected by the verbal action
-ee	person concerned with or described as
-ee	object of smaller size
Eec	European economic community.
Eeg	Electroencephalogram.
Eel	Snakelike fish.
-eer	forming:
-eer	nouns meaning ‘person concerned with’
-eer	verbs meaning ‘be concerned with’
Eerie	gloomy and strange; weird
Eerie	Eeriness
Efface	rub or wipe out
Efface	surpass, eclipse.
Efface	refl. (usu. As self-effacing
Efface	) Treat oneself as unimportant.
Effect	result or consequence of an action etc.
Effect	efficacy
Effect	impression produced on a spectator, hearer, etc.
Effect	(in
Effect	) Property.
Effect	(in
Effect	) Lighting, sound, etc., giving realism to a play, film, etc.
Effect	physical phenomenon
Effect	Bring about
Effective	producing the intended result.
Effective	impressive, striking.
Effective	actual, existing.
Effective	operative.
Effective	Effectiveness
Effectual	producing the required effect.
Effectual	valid.
Effeminate	womanish in appearance or manner.
Effeminate	Effeminately
Effervesce	give off bubbles of gas.
Effervesce	be lively.
Effervesce	Effervescent
Effete	Feeble, lanquid; effeminate.
Efficacious	Producing the desired effect.
Efficient	productive with minimum waste or effort.
Efficient	capable; acting effectively.
Efficient	Efficiently
Effigy	sculpture or model of a person.
Effloresce	burst into flower.
Effloresce	turn to a fine powder on exposure to air.
Effloresce	come to the surface and crystallize.
Effloresce	become covered with salt particles.
Effloresce	Efflorescent
Effluence	flowing out of light, electricity, etc.
Effluence	that which flows out.
Effluent	Flowing out.
Effluent	sewage or industrial waste discharged into a river etc.
Effluent	stream or lake flowing from a larger body of water.
Effluvium	unpleasant or noxious outflow.
Effort	use of physical or mental energy.
Effort	determined attempt.
Effort	force exerted.
Effort	Something accomplished.
Effortless	Easily done, requiring no effort.
Effortless	Effortlessness
Effrontery	impudent audacity.
Effulgent	Literary radiant.
Effuse	pour forth
Effuse	give out
Effusion	outpouring.
Effusion	derog. Unrestrained flow of words.
Effusive	Gushing, demonstrative.
Effusive	Effusiveness
Efl	English as a foreign language.
Eft	Newt.
Efta	european free trade association.
E.g.	For example.
Egalitarian	Of or advocating equal rights for all.
Egalitarian	Egalitarian person.
Egg1	a body produced by females of birds, insects, etc. And capable of developing into a new individual.
Egg1	egg of the domestic hen, used for food.
Egg1	biol. Ovum.
Egg1	Person or thing of a specified kind
Egg2	urge.
Eggcup	Cup for holding a boiled egg.
Egg-flip	drink of alcoholic spirit with beaten egg, milk, etc.
Egghead	Intellectual; expert.
Eggshell	Shell of an egg.
Eggshell	thin and fragile.
Eggshell	with a slight gloss.
Egg-white	White part round the yolk of an egg.
Eglantine	Sweet-brier.
Ego	the self; the part of the mind that reacts to reality and has a sense of individuality.
Ego	self-esteem; self-conceit.
Egocentric	Self-centred.
Egoism	self-interest as the moral basis of behaviour.
Egoism	systematic selfishness.
Egoism	Egoistic
Egoism	Egoistical
Egoism	Egoistically
Egotism	self-conceit.
Egotism	selfishness.
Egotism	Egotistic
Egotism	Egotistical
Egotism	Egotistically
Ego-trip	Activity to boost one's own self-esteem or self-conceit.
Egregious	extremely bad.
Egregious	remarkable.
Egress	Formal
Egress	exit.
Egress	right of going out.
Egret	kind of heron with long white feathers.
Egyptian	Of egypt.
Egyptian	native of egypt.
Egyptian	language of the ancient egyptians.
Egyptology	The study of the language, history, and culture of ancient egypt.
Eh	expressing enquiry or surprise.
Eh	inviting assent.
Eh	asking for repetition or explanation.
Eider	Any of various large northern ducks.
Eiderdown	Quilt stuffed with soft material, esp. Down.
Eight	one more than seven.
Eight	symbol for this
Eight	size etc. Denoted by eight.
Eight	eight-oared rowing-boat or its crew.
Eight	eight o'clock.
Eighteen	one more than seventeen.
Eighteen	symbol for this
Eighteen	size etc. Denoted by eighteen.
Eighteen	suitable only for persons of
Eighteen	8 years and over.
Eightfold	eight times as much or as many.
Eightfold	consisting of eight parts.
Eighth	next after seventh.
Eighth	one of eight equal parts of a thing.
Eightsome	lively scottish dance for eight people.
Eighty	eight times ten.
Eighty	symbol for this
Eighty	(in
Eighty	) Numbers from
Eighty	0 to
Eighty	9, esp. The years of a century or of a person's life.
Einsteinium	Artificial radioactive metallic element.
Eisteddfod	Congress of welsh poets and musicians; festival for musical competitions etc.
Either	one or the other of two
Either	each of two
Either	as one possibility
Either	as one choice or alternative; which way you will
Either	any more than the other
Either	moreover
Ejaculate	exclaim.
Ejaculate	emit
Ejaculate	in orgasm.
Ejaculate	Ejaculatory
Eject	expel, compel to leave.
Eject	Cause oneself to be propelled from an aircraft as an emergency measure.
Eject	cause to be removed, drop out, or pop up automatically from a gun, cassette-player, etc.
Eject	dispossess
Eject	emit, send out.
Ejector	Device for ejecting.
Ejector seat	Device in an aircraft for the emergency ejection of a pilot etc.
Eke	supplement
Eke	make
Eke	or support
Eke	with difficulty.
Elaborate	minutely worked out.
Elaborate	complicated.
Elaborate	work out or explain in detail.
Elaborate	Elaborateness
Elaborate	Elaboration
Élan	Vivacity, dash.
Eland	large african antelope.
Elapse	pass by.
Elastic	able to resume its normal bulk or shape after contraction, dilation, or distortion.
Elastic	springy.
Elastic	flexible, adaptable.
Elastic	Elastic cord or fabric, usu. Woven with strips of rubber.
Elastic	Elasticity
Elasticated	made elastic by weaving with rubber thread.
Elastomer	Natural or synthetic rubber or rubber-like plastic.
Elate	(esp. As elated
Elate	) Make delighted or proud.
Elate	Elation
Elbow	a joint between the forearm and the upper arm.
Elbow	part of a sleeve covering the elbow.
Elbow	elbow-shaped bend etc.
Elbow	jostle or thrust
Elbow	make
Elbow	thus.
Elbow	Dismiss or reject a person.
Elbow-grease	Vigorous polishing; hard work.
Elbow-room	Sufficient room to move or work in.
Elder1	senior; of greater age.
Elder1	older of two persons
Elder1	(in
Elder1	) Persons of greater age or venerable because of age.
Elder1	official in the early christian church and some modern churches.
Elder2	Tree with white flowers and dark berries.
Elderberry	berry of the elder tree.
Elderly	Rather old; past middle age.
Elder statesman	Influential experienced older person, esp.
Elder statesman	politician.
Eldest	First-born; oldest surviving.
Eldorado	imaginary land of great wealth.
Eldorado	place of abundance or opportunity.
Elecampane	Plant with bitter aromatic leaves and roots.
Elect	choose.
Elect	choose by voting.
Elect	chosen.
Elect	select, choice.
Elect	chosen but not yet in office
Election	electing or being elected.
Election	occasion of this.
Electioneer	Take part in an election campaign.
Elective	chosen by or derived from election.
Elective	having the power to elect.
Elective	optional, not urgently necessary.
Elector	person who has the right to vote in an election.
Elector	hist.
Elector	any of the german princes entitled to elect the emperor.
Electorate	body of all electors.
Electorate	hist. Office or territories of a german elector.
Electric	of, worked by, or charged with electricity; producing or capable of generating electricity.
Electric	causing or charged with excitement.
Electric	(in
Electric	Electrical equipment.
Electrical	Of electricity.
Electric blanket	Blanket heated by an internal electric element.
Electric chair	Electrified chair used for capital punishment.
Electric eel	Eel-like fish able to give an electric shock.
Electric eye	Photoelectric cell operating a relay when a beam of light is broken.
Electric fire	Electrically operated portable domestic heater.
Electric guitar	Guitar with a solid body and built-in pick-up rather than a soundbox.
Electrician	Person who installs or maintains electrical equipment for a living.
Electricity	form of energy occurring in elementary particles
Electricity	And hence in larger bodies containing them.
Electricity	science of electricity.
Electricity	supply of electricity.
Electricity	excitement.
Electric shock	Effect of a sudden discharge of electricity through the body of a person etc.
Electrify	charge with electricity.
Electrify	convert to the use of electric power.
Electrify	cause sudden excitement
Electro-	Form of, by, or caused by electricity.
Electrocardiogram	Record traced by an electrocardiograph.
Electrocardiograph	Instrument recording the electric currents generated by a heartbeat.
Electroconvulsive	using convulsive response to electric shocks.
Electrocute	kill by electric shock.
Electrode	Conductor through which electricity enters or leaves an electrolyte, gas, vacuum, etc.
Electrodynamics	pl.
Electrodynamics	The study of electricity in motion.
Electroencephalogram	Record traced by an electroencephalograph.
Electroencephalograph	Instrument that records the electrical activity of the brain.
Electrolyse	subject to or treat by electrolysis.
Electrolysis	chemical decomposition by electric action.
Electrolysis	destruction of tumours, hair-roots, etc., by this process.
Electrolyte	solution able to conduct electricity, esp. In an electric cell or battery.
Electrolyte	substance that can dissolve to produce this.
Electrolyze	subject to or treat by electrolysis.
Electromagnet	Soft metal core made into a magnet by passing an electric current through a coil surrounding it.
Electromagnetic	Having both electrical and magnetic properties.
Electromagnetism	magnetic forces produced by electricity.
Electromagnetism	the study of these.
Electromotive	Producing or tending to produce an electric current.
Electromotive force	Force set up in an electric circuit by a difference in potential.
Electron	Stable elementary particle with a charge of negative electricity, found in all atoms and acting as the primary carrier of electricity in solids.
Electronic	a produced by or involving the flow of electrons.
Electronic	of electrons or electronics.
Electronic	produced by electronic means and usu. Recorded on tape.
Electronic mail	The sending of messages by a computer system; such messages.
Electronics	pl.
Electronics	Science of the movement of electrons in a vacuum, gas, semiconductor, etc., esp. In devices in which the flow is controlled and utilized.
Electronic tagging	The attaching of electronic markers to people or goods, enabling them to be tracked down.
Electron lens	Device for focusing a stream of electrons by means of electric or magnetic fields.
Electron microscope	Microscope with high magnification and resolution, using electron beams instead of light.
Electronvolt	unit of energy, the amount gained by an electron when accelerated through a potential difference of one volt.
Electroplate	coat with a thin layer of chromium, silver, etc., by electrolysis.
Electroplate	Electroplated articles.
Electroscope	Instrument for detecting and measuring electricity, esp. As an indication of the ionization of air by radioactivity.
Electro-shock	by means of electric shocks.
Electrostatics	pl.
Electrostatics	The study of electricity at rest.
Electrotechnology	Science of the application of electricity in technology.
Electrotherapy	Treatment of diseases by use of electricity.
Elegant	tasteful, refined, graceful.
Elegant	ingeniously simple.
Elegant	Elegantly
Elegiac	used for elegies.
Elegiac	mournful.
Elegiac	(in
Elegiac	) Elegiac verses.
Elegy	sorrowful poem or song, esp. For the dead.
Elegy	poem in elegiac metre.
Element	component part; contributing factor.
Element	any of the substances that cannot be resolved by chemical means into simpler substances.
Element	a any of the four substances
Element	in ancient and medieval philosophy.
Element	a being's natural abode or environment.
Element	electr. Wire that heats up in an electric heater, kettle, etc.
Element	(in
Element	) Atmospheric agencies, esp. Wind and storm.
Element	(in
Element	) Rudiments of learning or of an art etc.
Element	(in
Element	) Bread and wine of the eucharist.
Elemental	of or like the elements or the forces of nature; powerful.
Elemental	essential, basic.
Elementary	dealing with the simplest facts of a subject.
Elementary	unanalysable.
Elementary particle	Physics subatomic particle, esp. One not known to consist of simpler ones.
Elephant	largest living land animal, with a trunk and ivory tusks.
Elephantiasis	Skin disease causing gross enlargement of limbs etc.
Elephantine	of elephants.
Elephantine	a huge.
Elephantine	clumsy.
Elevate	raise, lift up.
Elevate	exalt in rank etc.
Elevate	(usu. As elevated
Elevate	) Raise morally or intellectually.
Elevation	a elevating or being elevated.
Elevation	angle with the horizontal.
Elevation	height above sea level etc.
Elevation	high position.
Elevation	drawing or diagram showing one side of a building.
Elevator	us lift.
Elevator	movable part of a tailplane for changing an aircraft's altitude.
Elevator	hoisting machine.
Eleven	one more than ten.
Eleven	symbol for this
Eleven	size etc. Denoted by eleven.
Eleven	team of eleven players at cricket, football, etc.
Eleven	eleven o'clock.
Elevenfold	eleven times as much or as many.
Elevenfold	consisting of eleven parts.
Eleven-plus	Esp. Hist. Examination taken at age
Eleven-plus	1–12 to determine the type of secondary school a child would enter.
Elevenses	Light refreshment taken at about
Elevenses	1 a.m.
Eleventh	next after tenth.
Eleventh	each of eleven equal parts of a thing.
Elf	mythological being, esp. One that is small and mischievous.
Elf	Elvish
Elfin	Of elves; elflike.
Elicit	draw out
Elicit	, esp. With difficulty.
Elide	omit
Elide	in pronunciation.
Eligible	fit or entitled to be chosen
Eligible	desirable or suitable, esp. For marriage.
Electroplate	coat with a thin layer of chromium, silver, etc., by electrolysis.
Electroplate	Electroplated articles.
Electroscope	Instrument for detecting and measuring electricity, esp. As an indication of the ionization of air by radioactivity.
Electro-shock	by means of electric shocks.
Electrostatics	pl.
Electrostatics	The study of electricity at rest.
Electrotechnology	Science of the application of electricity in technology.
Electrotherapy	Treatment of diseases by use of electricity.
Elegant	tasteful, refined, graceful.
Elegant	ingeniously simple.
Elegant	Elegantly
Elegiac	used for elegies.
Elegiac	mournful.
Elegiac	(in
Elegiac	) Elegiac verses.
Elegy	sorrowful poem or song, esp. For the dead.
Elegy	poem in elegiac metre.
Element	component part; contributing factor.
Element	any of the substances that cannot be resolved by chemical means into simpler substances.
Element	a any of the four substances
Element	in ancient and medieval philosophy.
Element	a being's natural abode or environment.
Element	electr. Wire that heats up in an electric heater, kettle, etc.
Element	(in
Element	) Atmospheric agencies, esp. Wind and storm.
Element	(in
Element	) Rudiments of learning or of an art etc.
Element	(in
Element	) Bread and wine of the eucharist.
Elemental	of or like the elements or the forces of nature; powerful.
Elemental	essential, basic.
Elementary	dealing with the simplest facts of a subject.
Elementary	unanalysable.
Elementary particle	Physics subatomic particle, esp. One not known to consist of simpler ones.
Elephant	largest living land animal, with a trunk and ivory tusks.
Elephantiasis	Skin disease causing gross enlargement of limbs etc.
Elephantine	of elephants.
Elephantine	a huge.
Elephantine	clumsy.
Elevate	raise, lift up.
Elevate	exalt in rank etc.
Elevate	(usu. As elevated
Elevate	) Raise morally or intellectually.
Elevation	a elevating or being elevated.
Elevation	angle with the horizontal.
Elevation	height above sea level etc.
Elevation	high position.
Elevation	drawing or diagram showing one side of a building.
Elevator	us lift.
Elevator	movable part of a tailplane for changing an aircraft's altitude.
Elevator	hoisting machine.
Eleven	one more than ten.
Eleven	symbol for this
Eleven	size etc. Denoted by eleven.
Eleven	team of eleven players at cricket, football, etc.
Eleven	eleven o'clock.
Elevenfold	eleven times as much or as many.
Elevenfold	consisting of eleven parts.
Eleven-plus	Esp. Hist. Examination taken at age
Eleven-plus	1–12 to determine the type of secondary school a child would enter.
Elevenses	Light refreshment taken at about
Elevenses	1 a.m.
Eleventh	next after tenth.
Eleventh	each of eleven equal parts of a thing.
Elf	mythological being, esp. One that is small and mischievous.
Elf	Elvish
Elfin	Of elves; elflike.
Elicit	draw out
Elicit	, esp. With difficulty.
Elide	omit
Elide	in pronunciation.
Eligible	fit or entitled to be chosen
Eligible	desirable or suitable, esp. For marriage.
Eliminate	remove, get rid of.
Eliminate	exclude from consideration.
Eliminate	exclude from a further stage of a competition through defeat etc.
Eliminate	Eliminator
Elision	Omission of a vowel or syllable in pronunciation
Élite	the best
Élite	select group or class.
Élite	a size of letters in typewriting
Élitism	Recourse to or advocacy of leadership or dominance by a select group.
Elixir	a alchemist's preparation supposedly able to change metals into gold or
Elixir	to prolong life indefinitely.
Elixir	remedy for all ills.
Elixir	aromatic medicinal drug.
Elizabethan	Of the time of queen elizabeth i or ii.
Elizabethan	Person of this time.
Elk	large deer of northern parts of europe,
Elk	America, and asia.
Ell	Hist. Measure =
Ell	5 in.
Ellipse	Regular oval, resulting when a cone is cut obliquely by a plane.
Ellipsis	omission of words needed to complete a construction or sense.
Ellipsis	set of three dots etc. Indicating omission.
Ellipsoid	Solid of which all the plane sections through one axis are circles and all the other plane sections are ellipses.
Elliptic	of or in the form of an ellipse.
Elm	tree with rough serrated leaves.
Elm	its wood.
Elocution	Art of clear and expressive speech.
Elongate	lengthen, extend.
Elope	run away to marry secretly.
Eloquence	Fluent and effective use of language.
Eloquent	having eloquence.
Eloquent	expressive.
Else	(prec. By indefinite or
Else	) Besides
Else	instead
Else	otherwise; if not
Else	else you will be late).
Elsewhere	In or to some other place.
Elucidate	throw light on; explain.
Elucidate	Elucidatory
Elude	escape adroitly from
Elude	avoid compliance with
Elude	Or fulfilment of
Elude	baffle
Elusive	difficult to find or catch.
Elusive	difficult to remember.
Elusive	avoiding the point raised.
Elver	Young eel.
Elves	Of *elf.
Elysium	abode of the blessed after death.
Elysium	place of ideal happiness.
Em	Printing unit of measurement equal to the width of an m.
'Em	Them.
Emaciate	(esp. As emaciated
Emaciate	) Make abnormally thin or feeble.
Emanate	issue or originate
Emancipate	free from social or political restraint.
Emancipate	(usu. As emancipated
Emancipate	) Free from the inhibitions of moral or social conventions.
Emancipate	free from slavery.
Emancipate	Emancipatory
Emasculate	deprive of force or vigour.
Emasculate	castrate.
Emasculate	deprived of force.
Emasculate	castrated.
Emasculate	effeminate.
Embalm	preserve
Embalm	from decay.
Embalm	preserve from oblivion.
Embalm	make fragrant.
Embankment	Bank constructed to keep back water or carry a road, railway, etc.
Embargo	order forbidding foreign ships to enter, or any ships to leave, a country's ports.
Embargo	official suspension of an activity.
Embargo	place under embargo.
Embark	put or go on board a ship or aircraft
Embark	begin an enterprise.
Embark	(in sense
Embarrass	make
Embarrass	feel awkward or ashamed.
Embarrass	(as embarrassed
Embarrass	) Encumbered with debts.
Embarrass	encumber.
Embassy	a residence or offices of an ambassador.
Embassy	ambassador and staff.
Embassy	deputation to a foreign government.
Embattled	prepared or arrayed for battle.
Embattled	fortified with battlements.
Embattled	under heavy attack or in trying circumstances.
Embed	(esp. As embedded
Embed	) Fix firmly in a surrounding mass.
Embellish	beautify, adorn.
Embellish	enhance with fictitious additions.
Ember	(usu. In
Ember	) Small piece of glowing coal etc. In a dying fire.
Ember days	pl. Days of fasting and prayer in the christian church, associated with ordinations.
Embezzle	divert
Embezzle	Fraudulently to one's own use.
Embezzle	Embezzler
Embitter	Arouse bitter feelings in.
Emblazon	portray or adorn conspicuously.
Emblazon	adorn
Emblem	symbol.
Emblem	type, embodiment
Emblem	heraldic or representative device.
Embody	make
Embody	Actual or discernible.
Embody	be a tangible expression of.
Embody	include, comprise.
Embolden	Make bold; encourage.
Embolism	Obstruction of an artery by a clot, air-bubble, etc.
Embolus	object causing an embolism.
Emboss	Carve or decorate with a design in relief.
Embouchure	Way of applying the mouth to the mouthpiece of a musical instrument.
Embrace	a hold closely in the arms.
Embrace	embrace each other.
Embrace	clasp, enclose.
Embrace	accept eagerly
Embrace	adopt
Embrace	include, comprise.
Embrace	take in with the eye or mind.
Embrace	Act of embracing, clasp.
Embrasure	bevelling of a wall at the sides of a window etc.
Embrasure	opening in a parapet for a gun etc.
Embrocation	Liquid for rubbing on the body to relieve muscular pain.
Embroider	decorate
Embroider	With needlework.
Embroider	embellish
Embroidery	art of embroidering.
Embroidery	embroidered work.
Embroidery	inessential ornament.
Embroidery	fictitious additions
Embroil	involve
Embroil	In a conflict or difficulties.
Embryo	a unborn or unhatched offspring.
Embryo	human offspring in the first eight weeks from conception.
Embryo	rudimentary plant in a seed.
Embryo	thing in a rudimentary stage.
Embryo	Undeveloped, immature.
Embryology	The study of embryos.
Emend	Edit
Emend	To make corrections.
Emerald	bright-green gem.
Emerald	colour of this.
Emerald	Bright green.
Emerald green	(as
Emerald green	Often hyphenated) bright green.
Emerald isle	Ireland.
Emerge	come up or out into view.
Emerge	Become known, be revealed.
Emerge	become recognized or prominent.
Emerge	Become apparent.
Emerge	Emergent
Emergency	sudden state of danger etc., requiring immediate action.
Emergency	a condition requiring immediate treatment.
Emergency	patient with this.
Emergency	For use in an emergency.
Emeritus	Retired but retaining one's title as an honour
Emery	corundum for polishing metal etc.
Emery-board	Emery-coated nail-file.
Emetic	That causes vomiting.
Emetic	Emetic medicine.
Emf	Electromotive force.
Emigrant	Person who emigrates.
Emigrant	Emigrating.
Emigrate	leave one's own country to settle in another.
Émigré	Emigrant, esp.
Émigré	political exile.
Eminence	distinction; recognized superiority.
Eminence	piece of rising ground.
Eminence	title used in addressing or referring to a cardinal
Éminence grise	person who exercises power or influence without holding office.
Eminent	Distinguished, notable, outstanding.
Emir	title of various muslim rulers.
Emirate	Rank, domain, or reign of an emir.
Emissary	person sent on a diplomatic mission.
Emit	give or send out
Emit	; discharge.
Emollient	That softens or soothes the skin, feelings, etc.
Emollient	Emollient substance.
Emolument	Fee from employment, salary.
Emote	show excessive emotion.
Emotion	strong instinctive feeling such as love or fear.
Emotion	emotional intensity or sensibility
Emotional	of or expressing emotions.
Emotional	especially liable to emotion.
Emotional	arousing emotion.
Emotional	Emotionally
Emotive	arousing emotion.
Emotive	of emotion.
Empanel	enter
Empanel	on a panel.
Empathize	exercise empathy.
Empathy	Ability to identify with a person or object.
Emperor	Sovereign of an empire.
Emperor penguin	Largest known penguin.
Emphasis	importance or prominence attached to a thing
Emphasis	stress laid on a word or syllable to make the meaning clear or show importance.
Emphasis	vigour or intensity of expression, feeling, etc.
Emphasize	put emphasis on, stress.
Emphatic	forcibly expressive.
Emphatic	of words: a bearing the stress.
Emphatic	used to give emphasis.
Emphysema	Disease of the lungs causing breathlessness.
Empire	large group of states or countries under a single authority.
Empire	supreme dominion.
Empire	large commercial organization etc. Owned or directed by one person.
Empire	hist. The british empire.
Empire-building	Purposeful accumulation of territory, authority, etc.
Empirical	based on observation, experience, or experiment, not on theory.
Empirical	Empiricism
Empirical	Empiricist
Emplacement	putting in position.
Emplacement	platform for guns.
Employ	use the services of
Employ	in return for payment.
Employ	use
Employ	To good effect.
Employ	keep
Employ	occupied.
Employ	employed by.
Employ	Employer
Employee	Person employed for wages.
Employment	employing or being employed.
Employment	person's trade or profession.
Employment office	state-run employment agency.
Emporium	large shop or store.
Emporium	centre of commerce, market.
Empower	Give authority to.
Empress	wife or widow of an emperor.
Empress	woman emperor.
Empty	containing nothing.
Empty	Unoccupied or unfurnished.
Empty	Without passengers etc.
Empty	a hollow, insincere
Empty	without purpose
Empty	vacuous
Empty	Hungry.
Empty	remove the contents of.
Empty	transfer
Empty	become empty.
Empty	discharge itself.
Empty	Empty bottle etc.
Empty-handed	(usu.
Empty-handed	bringing or taking nothing.
Empty-handed	having achieved nothing.
Empty-headed	Foolish; lacking sense.
Empyrean	The highest heaven, as the sphere of fire or abode of god.
Empyrean	Of the empyrean.
Ems	European monetary system.
Emu	Economic and monetary union; european monetary union.
Emu	large flightless australian bird.
Emulate	try to equal or excel.
Emulate	imitate.
Emulate	Emulative
Emulate	Emulator
Emulsify	convert into an emulsion.
Emulsify	Emulsifier
Emulsion	fine dispersion of one liquid in another, esp. As paint, medicine, etc.
Emulsion	mixture of a silver compound in gelatin etc. For coating photographic plate or film.
Emulsion	emulsion paint.
Emulsion paint	Water-thinned paint.
En	Printing unit of measurement equal to half an em.
En-1 	forming verbs,
En-1 	from nouns, meaning ‘put into or on’
En-1 	from nouns or adjectives, meaning ‘bring into the condition of’
En-1 	; often with the
En-1 	-en
En-1 	from verbs: a in the sense ‘in, into, on’
En-1 	as an intensifier
En-2 	in, inside
-en	forming verbs:
-en	from adjectives, usu. Meaning ‘make or become so or more so’
-en	from nouns
Enable	Give
Enable	The means or authority.
Enable	make possible.
Enable	esp. Computing make
Enable	operational; switch on.
Enact	a ordain, decree.
Enact	make
Enact	Law.
Enact	play
Enactment	law enacted.
Enactment	process of enacting.
Enamel	glasslike opaque ornamental or preservative coating on metal etc.
Enamel	a smooth hard coating.
Enamel	a kind of hard gloss paint.
Enamel	cosmetic simulating this, esp. Nail varnish.
Enamel	hard coating of a tooth.
Enamel	painting done in enamel.
Enamel	inlay, coat, or portray with enamel.
Enamor	inspire with love or delight.
Enamour	inspire with love or delight.
En bloc	In a block; all at the same time.
Encamp	Settle in a
Encamp	camp.
Encapsulate	enclose in or as in a capsule.
Encapsulate	express briefly, summarize.
Encase	enclose in or as in a case.
Encaustic	Using pigments mixed with hot wax, which are burned in as an inlay.
Encaustic	art of encaustic painting.
Encaustic	product of this.
-ence	forming nouns expressing:
-ence	a quality or state or an instance of this
-ence	an action
Encephalitis	Inflammation of the brain.
Enchant	charm, delight.
Enchant	bewitch.
Enchant	Enchanting
Enchant	Enchantingly
Enchant	Enchantment
Enchanter	person who enchants, esp. By using magic.
Encircle	surround.
Encircle	form a circle round.
Enclave	Territory of one state surrounded by that of another.
Enclose	a surround with a wall, fence, etc.
Enclose	shut in.
Enclose	put in a receptacle
Enclose	(usu. As enclosed
Enclose	) Seclude
Enclose	from the outside world.
Enclosure	act of enclosing.
Enclosure	enclosed space or area, esp. At a sporting event.
Enclosure	thing enclosed with a letter.
Encode	put into code.
Encomium	formal or high-flown praise.
Encompass	contain; include.
Encompass	surround.
Encore	audience's demand for the repetition of an item, or for a further item.
Encore	such an item.
Encore	call for the repetition of
Encore	call back
Encore	for this.
Encore	Again, once more.
Encounter	meet unexpectedly.
Encounter	meet as an adversary.
Encounter	Meeting by chance or in conflict.
Encourage	give courage or confidence to.
Encourage	urge.
Encourage	promote.
Encroach	intrude on another's territory etc.
Encroach	advance gradually beyond due limits.
Encrust	cover with or form a crust.
Encrust	coat with a hard casing or deposit, sometimes for decoration.
Encumber	be a burden to.
Encumber	hamper.
Encumbrance	burden.
Encumbrance	impediment.
-ency	forming nouns denoting quality or state
Encyclical	For wide circulation.
Encyclical	Papal encyclical letter.
Encyclopedia	book, often in a number of volumes, giving information on many subjects, or on many aspects of one subject.
Encyclopedic	comprehensive.
End	a extreme limit.
End	extremity
End	extreme part or surface of a thing
End	a finish
End	latter part.
End	death, destruction
End	result.
End	goal
End	remnant
End	(prec.
Endanger	Place in danger.
Endangered species	Species in danger of extinction.
Endear	make dear.
Endearment	an expression of affection.
Endearment	liking, affection.
Endeavor	Try earnestly.
Endeavor	Earnest attempt.
Endeavour	Try earnestly.
Endeavour	Earnest attempt.
Endemic	regularly or only found among a particular people or in a particular region.
Ending	end or final part, esp. Of a story.
Ending	inflected final part of a word.
Endive	Curly-leaved plant used in salads.
Endless	infinite; without end.
Endless	continual
Endless	Innumerable.
Endless	Having the ends joined for continuous action over wheels etc.
Endmost	Nearest the end.
Endo-	Form internal.
Endocrine	secreting directly into the blood.
Endogenous	Growing or originating from within.
Endometrium	Membrane lining the womb.
Endomorph	Person with a soft round body.
Endorse	approve.
Endorse	sign or write on
Endorse	, esp. Sign the back of
Endorse	enter details of a conviction for an offence on
Endoscope	Instrument for viewing internal parts of the body.
Endow	bequeath or give a permanent income to
Endow	(esp. As endowed
Endow	) Provide with talent, ability, etc.
Endowment	endowing.
Endowment	endowed income.
Endowment	Denoting forms of life insurance with payment of a fixed sum on a specified date, or on the death of the insured person if earlier.
Endowment mortgage	Mortgage linked to endowment insurance.
Endpaper	Either of the blank leaves of paper at the beginning and end of a book.
End-product	Final product of manufacture etc.
Endue	provide
Endue	with
Endurance	power of enduring.
Endurance	ability to withstand prolonged strain.
Endure	undergo
Endure	tolerate.
Endure	last.
Endways	with end uppermost or foremost.
Endways	end to end.
Enema	introduction of fluid etc. Into the rectum, esp. To flush out its contents.
Enema	fluid etc. Used for this.
Enemy	person actively hostile to another.
Enemy	a (often
Enemy	) Hostile nation or army.
Enemy	member of this.
Enemy	adversary or opponent
Energetic	Full of energy, vigorous.
Energize	give energy to.
Energize	provide
Energize	with energy for operation.
Energy	capacity for activity, force, vigour.
Energy	capacity of matter or radiation to do work.
Enervate	deprive of vigour or vitality.
En famille	In or with one's family.
Enfant terrible	indiscreet or unruly person.
Enfeeble	make feeble.
Enfilade	Gunfire directed along a line from end to end.
Enfilade	direct an enfilade at.
Enfold	wrap; envelop.
Enfold	clasp, embrace.
Enforce	compel observance of
Enforce	impose
Enforce	On.
Enforce	Enforcement
Enforce	Enforcer
Enfranchise	give
Enfranchise	the right to vote.
Enfranchise	give
Enfranchise	municipal rights, esp. Representation in parliament.
Enfranchise	hist. Free
Engage	employ or hire
Engage	occupy
Engage	hold fast
Engage	bind by a promise, esp. Of marriage.
Engage	arrange beforehand to occupy
Engage	a interlock
Engage	Become interlocked.
Engage	a come into battle with.
Engage	bring
Engage	into battle with.
Engage	come into battle with
Engage	take part
Engage	Undertake.
Engaged	pledged to marry.
Engaged	occupied, busy.
Engaged	In use.
Engagement	engaging or being engaged.
Engagement	appointment with another person.
Engagement	betrothal.
Engagement	battle.
Engaging	Attractive, charming.
Engender	Give rise to; produce
Engine	mechanical contrivance of parts working together, esp. As a source of power
Engine	a railway locomotive.
Engineer	person skilled in a branch of engineering.
Engineer	person who makes or is in charge of engines etc.
Engineer	person who designs and constructs military works; soldier so trained.
Engineer	contriver.
Engineer	contrive, bring about.
Engineer	act as an engineer.
Engineer	construct or manage as an engineer.
Engineering	Application of science to the design, building, and use of machines etc.
English	Of england or its people or language.
English	language of england, now used in the uk, us, and most commonwealth countries.
English	(prec. By the; treated as
English	) The people of england.
Englishman	person who is english by birth or descent.
Engorged	crammed full.
Engorged	congested with fluid, esp. Blood.
Engraft	bot.
Engraft	graft.
Engraft	implant.
Engraft	incorporate.
Engrave	carve
Engrave	on a hard surface.
Engrave	inscribe
Engrave	thus.
Engrave	impress deeply
Engraving	Print made from an engraved plate.
Engross	absorb the attention of; occupy fully.
Engross	write out in larger letters or in legal form.
Engulf	Flow over and swamp; overwhelm.
Enhance	intensify
Enhance	; improve
Enigma	puzzling thing or person.
Enigma	riddle or paradox.
Enigma	Enigmatically
Enjoin	command or order.
Enjoin	impose
Enjoin	law prohibit by injunction
Enjoy	take pleasure in.
Enjoy	have the use or benefit of.
Enjoy	experience
Enjoyable	Pleasant.
Enkephalin	Either of two morphine-like peptides in the brain thought to control levels of pain.
Enkindle	cause to flare up, arouse.
Enlarge	make or become larger or wider.
Enlarge	describe in greater detail.
Enlarge	reproduce a photograph on a larger scale.
Enlarger	Apparatus for enlarging photographs.
Enlighten	inform
Enlighten	(as enlightened
Enlighten	) Progressive.
Enlightenment	enlightening or being enlightened.
Enlightenment	8th-c. Philosophy of reason and individualism.
Enlist	enrol in the armed services.
Enlist	secure as a means of help or support.
Enliven	Make lively or cheerful; brighten
Enliven	; inspirit.
En masse	All together.
Enmesh	Entangle in or as in a net.
Enmity	state of being an enemy.
Enmity	hostility.
Ennoble	make noble.
Ennoble	make
Ennoble	a noble.
Ennui	Mental weariness from idleness or lack of interest; boredom.
Enormity	monstrous wickedness; monstrous crime.
Enormity	serious error.
Enormity	great size.
Enormous	Extremely large.
Enough	As much or as many as required
Enough	Sufficient amount or quantity
Enough	adequately
Enough	fairly
Enough	quite
En passant	In passing; casually
Enprint	Standard-sized photograph.
Enquire	seek information; ask; ask a question.
Enquire	ask about
Enquiry	act of asking or seeking information.
Enrage	make furious.
Enrapture	delight intensely.
Enrich	make rich or richer.
Enrich	make more nutritive.
Enrich	increase the strength, wealth, value, or contents of.
Enrol	enlist.
Enrol	a write the name of
Enrol	on a list.
Enrol	incorporate as a member.
Enrol	enrol oneself, esp. For a course of study.
Enroll	enlist.
Enroll	a write the name of
Enroll	on a list.
Enroll	incorporate as a member.
Enroll	enrol oneself, esp. For a course of study.
En route	On the way.
Ensconce	establish or settle comfortably.
Ensemble	a thing viewed as the sum of its parts.
Ensemble	general effect of this.
Ensemble	set of clothes worn together.
Ensemble	group of performers working together.
Ensemble	Concerted passage for an ensemble.
Enshrine	enclose in a shrine.
Enshrine	protect, make inviolable.
Enshroud	Literary
Enshroud	cover with or as with a shroud.
Enshroud	obscure.
Ensign	banner or flag, esp. The military or naval flag of a nation.
Ensign	standard-bearer.
Ensign	a hist. Lowest commissioned infantry officer.
Ensign	us lowest commissioned naval officer.
Ensilage	preserve
Ensilage	by ensilage.
Enslave	make
Enslave	a slave.
Ensnare	catch in or as in a snare.
Ensue	happen later or as a result.
En suite	Forming a single unit
En suite	forming a single unit
En suite	with a bathroom attached
Ensure	make certain.
Ensure	make safe
Ent	Ear, nose, and throat.
-ent	forming adjectives denoting attribution of an action
-ent	or state
-ent	forming agent nouns
Entablature	Upper part of a classical building supported by columns including an architrave, frieze, and cornice.
Entail	necessitate or involve unavoidably
Entail	law bequeath
Entail	to a specified line of beneficiaries so that it cannot be sold or given away.
Entail	Law
Entail	entailed estate.
Entail	succession to such an estate.
Entangle	catch or hold fast in a snare, tangle, etc.
Entangle	involve in difficulties.
Entangle	complicate.
Entente	Friendly understanding between states.
Entente cordiale	Entente, esp. Between britain and france from
Entente cordiale	904.
Enter	go or come in or into.
Enter	come on stage
Enter	penetrate
Enter	write
Enter	In a list, book, etc.
Enter	register, record the name of as a competitor
Enter	a become a member of
Enter	enrol in a school etc.
Enter	make known; present for consideration
Enter	record formally
Enter	a engage in
Enter	subscribe to; bind oneself by
Enter	form part of
Enter	sympathize with
Enter	a begin; begin to deal with.
Enter	assume the functions of
Enter	or possession of
Enteric	Of the intestines.
Entry	a going or coming in.
Entry	liberty to do this.
Entry	place of entrance; door, gate, etc.
Entry	passage between buildings.
Entry	a item entered in a diary, list, etc.
Entry	recording of this.
Entry	a person or thing competing in a race etc.
Entry	list of competitors.
Entryphone	Propr. Intercom at the entrance of a building or flat for callers to identify themselves.
Entwine	twine round, interweave.
E-number	plus a number, the ec designation for food additives.
Enumerate	specify
Enumerate	count.
Enumerate	Enumerative
Enumerator	Person employed in census-taking.
Enunciate	pronounce
Enunciate	clearly.
Enunciate	express in definite terms.
Enuresis	Involuntary urination.
Envelop	wrap up or cover completely.
Envelop	completely surround.
Envelope	folded paper container for a letter etc.
Envelope	wrapper, covering.
Envelope	gas container of a balloon or airship.
Enviable	Likely to excite envy, desirable.
Envious	Feeling or showing envy.
Environment	surroundings, esp. As affecting lives.
Environment	circumstances of living.
Environment	computing overall structure within which a user, computer, or program operates.
Environment	Environmentally
Environmentalist	Person concerned with the protection of the natural environment.
Environs	pl. District round a town etc.
Envisage	have a mental picture of
Envisage	imagine as possible or desirable.
Envoy	messenger or representative.
Envoy	diplomatic agent ranking below ambassador.
Envy	discontent aroused by another's better fortune etc.
Envy	object of this feeling.
Envy	feel envy of
Enwrap	literary wrap, enfold.
Enzyme	Protein catalyst of a specific biochemical reaction.
Eolian harp	stringed instrument or toy sounding when the wind passes through it.
Eolithic	Of the period preceding the palaeolithic age.
Ep	Extended-play
Epaulet	ornamental shoulder-piece on a coat etc., esp. On a uniform.
Epaulette	ornamental shoulder-piece on a coat etc., esp. On a uniform.
Épée	Sharp-pointed sword, used
Épée	in fencing.
Ephedrine	Alkaloid drug used to relieve asthma, etc.
Ephemera	pl. Things of only short-lived relevance.
Ephemeral	Lasting or of use for only a short time; transitory.
Epi- 	upon.
Epi- 	above.
Epi- 	in addition.
Epic	long poem narrating the adventures or deeds of one or more heroic or legendary figures.
Epic	book or film based on an epic narrative.
Epic	of or like an epic.
Epic	grand, heroic.
Epicene	of, for, denoting, or used by both sexes.
Epicene	having characteristics of both sexes or of neither sex.
Epicene	Epicene person.
Epicenter	point at which an earthquake reaches the earth's surface.
Epicenter	central point of a difficulty.
Epicentre	point at which an earthquake reaches the earth's surface.
Epicentre	central point of a difficulty.
Epicure	Person with refined tastes, esp. In food and drink.
Epicurean	disciple or student of the greek philosopher epicurus.
Epicurean	devotee of
Epicurean	enjoyment.
Epicurean	of epicurus or his ideas.
Epicurean	characteristic of an epicurean.
Epidemic	Widespread occurrence of a disease in a community at a particular time.
Epidemic	In the nature of an epidemic.
Epidemiology	The study of epidemic diseases and their control.
Epidermis	Outer layer of the skin.
Epidiascope	Optical projector capable of giving images of both opaque and transparent objects.
Epidural	introduced into the space around the dura mater of the spinal cord.
Epidural	Epidural anaesthetic.
Epiglottis	Flap of cartilage at the root of the tongue, depressed during swallowing to cover the windpipe.
Epigram	short poem with a witty ending.
Epigram	pointed saying.
Epigraph	Inscription.
Epilepsy	Nervous disorder with convulsions and often loss of consciousness.
Epileptic	Of epilepsy.
Epileptic	Person with epilepsy.
Epilogue	short piece ending a literary work.
Epilogue	speech addressed to the audience by an actor at the end of a play.
Epiphany	a manifestation of christ to the magi.
Epiphany	festival of this on
Epiphany	january.
Epiphany	manifestation of a god or demigod.
Episcopacy	government by bishops.
Episcopacy	the bishops.
Episcopal	of a bishop or bishops.
Episcopal	governed by bishops.
Episcopalian	of episcopacy.
Episcopalian	of an episcopal church or
Episcopalian	the episcopal church.
Episcopalian	adherent of episcopacy.
Episcopalian	member of the episcopal church.
Episcopate	the office or tenure of a bishop.
Episcopate	the bishops collectively.
Episiotomy	surgical cut made at the vaginal opening during childbirth, to aid delivery.
Episode	event or group of events as part of a sequence.
Episode	each of the parts of a serial story or broadcast.
Episode	incident or set of incidents in a narrative.
Episodic	consisting of separate episodes.
Episodic	irregular, sporadic.
Epistemology	Philosophy of knowledge.
Epistle	joc. Letter.
Epistle	any of the apostles' letters in the new testament.
Epistle	poem etc. In the form of a letter.
Epistolary	Of or in the form of a letter or letters.
Epitaph	Words written in memory of a dead person, esp. As a tomb inscription.
Epithelium	tissue forming the outer layer of the body and lining many hollow structures.
Epithet	adjective etc. Expressing a quality or attribute.
Epithet	this as a term of abuse.
Epitome	person or thing embodying a quality etc.
Epitome	thing representing another in miniature.
Epitomize	make or be a perfect example of
Epns	Electroplated nickel silver.
Epoch	period of history etc. Marked by notable events.
Epoch	beginning of an era.
Epoch	geol. Division of a period, corresponding to a set of strata.
Epoch-making	Remarkable; very important.
Eponym	word, place-name, etc., derived from a person's name.
Eponym	person whose name is used in this way.
Epos	Electronic point-of-sale
Epoxy	Relating to or derived from a compound with one oxygen atom and two carbon atoms bonded in a triangle.
Epoxy resin	Synthetic thermosetting resin.
Epsilon	Fifth letter of the greek alphabet
Epsom salts	Magnesium sulphate used as a purgative etc.
Equable	not varying.
Equable	moderate
Equable	not easily disturbed.
Equal	the same in quantity, quality, size, degree, level, etc.
Equal	evenly balanced
Equal	having the same rights or status
Equal	uniform in application or effect.
Equal	Person or thing equal to another, esp. In rank or quality.
Equal	be equal to.
Equal	achieve something that is equal to.
Equality	Being equal.
Equalize	make or become equal.
Equalize	reach one's opponent's score.
Equalizer	equalizing score or goal etc.
Equally	in an equal manner
Equally	to an equal degree
Equal opportunity	(often in
Equal opportunity	) Opportunity to compete on equal terms, regardless of sex, race, etc.
Equanimity	Composure, evenness of temper, esp. In adversity.
Equate	regard as equal or equivalent.
Equate	be equal or equivalent to.
Equation	equating or making equal; being equal.
Equation	statement that two mathematical expressions are equal
Equation	formula indicating a chemical reaction by means of symbols.
Equator	imaginary line round the earth or other body, equidistant from the poles.
Equatorial	Of or near the equator.
Equerry	officer attending the british royal family.
Equestrian	of horse-riding.
Equestrian	on horseback.
Equestrian	Rider or performer on horseback.
Equi-	Form equal.
Equiangular	Having equal angles.
Equidistant	At equal distances.
Equilateral	Having all its sides equal in length.
Equilibrium	state of physical balance.
Equilibrium	state of composure.
Equine	Of or like a horse.
Equinoctial	Happening at or near the time of an equinox.
Equinox	Time or date
Equinox	at which the sun crosses the celestial equator, when day and night are of equal length.
Enterprise	undertaking, esp.
Enterprise	challenging one.
Enterprise	readiness to engage in such undertakings.
Enterprise	business firm or venture.
Enterprising	Showing enterprise; resourceful, energetic.
Entertain	occupy agreeably.
Entertain	a receive as a guest.
Entertain	receive guests.
Entertain	cherish, consider
Entertainer	Person who entertains, esp. Professionally.
Entertaining	Amusing, diverting.
Entertainment	entertaining or being entertained.
Entertainment	thing that entertains; performance.
Enthral	captivate, please greatly.
Enthrall	captivate, please greatly.
Enthrone	place on a throne, esp. Ceremonially.
Enthuse	Be or make enthusiastic.
Enthusiasm	strong interest or admiration, great eagerness.
Enthusiasm	object of enthusiasm.
Enthusiast	Person full of enthusiasm.
Enthusiastic	Having enthusiasm.
Entice	attract by the offer of pleasure or reward.
Entice	Enticing
Entice	Enticingly
Entire	whole, complete.
Entire	unbroken.
Entire	unqualified, absolute.
Entire	in one piece; continuous.
Entirely	wholly.
Entirely	solely.
Entirety	completeness.
Entirety	sum total.
Entitle	give
Entitle	a just claim or right.
Entitle	give a title to.
Entity	thing with distinct existence.
Entity	thing's existence in itself.
Entomb	place in a tomb.
Entomb	serve as a tomb for.
Entomology	The study of insects.
Entomology	Entomologist
Entourage	People attending an important person.
Entr'acte	interval between acts of a play.
Entr'acte	music or dance performed during this.
Entrails	bowels, intestines.
Entrails	innermost parts of a thing.
Entrance1	place for entering.
Entrance1	going or coming in.
Entrance1	right of admission.
Entrance1	coming of an actor on stage.
Entrance1	admission fee.
Entrance2	enchant, delight.
Entrance2	put into a trance.
Entrance2	Entrancing
Entrance2	Entrancingly
Entrant	Person who enters
Entrap	catch in or as in a trap.
Entrap	beguile.
Entreat	Ask earnestly, beg.
Entreaty	earnest request.
Entrecôte	Boned steak off the sirloin.
Entrée	dish served between the fish and meat courses.
Entrée	us main dish.
Entrée	right of admission.
Entrench	a establish firmly
Entrench	(as entrenched
Entrench	Not easily modified.
Entrench	surround with a trench as a fortification.
Entrepôt	Warehouse for goods in transit.
Entrepreneur	person who undertakes a commercial venture.
Entrepreneur	contractor acting as an intermediary.
Entrepreneur	Entrepreneurialism
Entropy	physics measure of the disorganization or degradation of the universe, resulting in a decrease in available energy.
Entropy	physics measure of the unavailability of a system's thermal energy for conversion into mechanical work.
Entrust	give
Entrust	into the care of a person.
Entrust	assign responsibility for
Entrust	to
Equip	supply with what is needed.
Equipage	a requisites.
Equipage	outfit.
Equipage	hist. Carriage and horses with attendants.
Equipment	necessary articles, clothing, etc.
Equipment	equipping or being equipped.
Equipoise	equilibrium.
Equipoise	counterbalancing thing.
Equitable	fair, just.
Equitable	law valid in equity as distinct from law.
Equitation	Horsemanship; horse-riding.
Equity	fairness.
Equity	principles of justice used to correct or supplement the law.
Equity	a value of the shares issued by a company.
Equity	) Stocks and shares not bearing fixed interest.
Equivalent	equal in value, amount, importance, etc.
Equivalent	corresponding.
Equivalent	having the same meaning or result.
Equivalent	Equivalent thing, amount, etc.
Equivocal	of double or doubtful meaning.
Equivocal	of uncertain nature.
Equivocal	Questionable.
Equivocate	use ambiguity to conceal the truth.
Equivocate	Equivocator
Er	Queen elizabeth.
Er	Erbium.
Er	Expressing hesitation.
-er1	forming nouns from nouns, adjectives, and verbs, denoting:
-er1	person, animal, or thing that does
-er1	person or thing that is
-er1	person concerned with
-er1	person from
-er2	forming the comparative of adjectives
-er2	and adverbs
-er3	used in a
-er3	distortion of the word
Era	system of chronology reckoning from a noteworthy event
Era	large period, esp. Regarded historically.
Era	date at which an era begins.
Era	major division of geological time.
Eradicate	root out; destroy completely.
Eradicate	Eradication
Eradicate	Eradicator
Erase	rub out; obliterate.
Erase	remove all traces of.
Erase	remove recorded material from
Eraser	Thing that erases, esp.
Eraser	piece of rubber etc. For removing pencil etc. Marks.
Erasure	erasing.
Erasure	erased word etc.
Erbium	Metallic element of the lanthanide series.
Ere	Poet. Or
Ere	before
Erect	upright, vertical.
Erect	Enlarged and rigid, esp. In sexual excitement.
Erect	bristling.
Erect	set up; build.
Erect	establish.
Erect	Erectly
Erect	Erectness
Erectile	That can become erect
Erg	Unit of work or energy.
Ergo	Therefore.
Ergonomics	The study of the relationship between people and their working environment.
Ergot	Disease of rye etc. Caused by a fungus.
Erin	Poet. Ireland.
Erm	Exchange rate mechanism.
Ermine	stoat, esp. When white in winter.
Ermine	its white fur, used to trim robes etc.
Ernie	Device for drawing prize-winning numbers of premium bonds.
Erode	wear away, destroy gradually.
Erode	Erosive
Erogenous	particularly sensitive to sexual stimulation.
Erotic	Of or causing sexual love, esp. Tending to arouse sexual desire or excitement.
Erotica	pl. Erotic literature or art.
Eroticism	erotic character.
Eroticism	use of or response to erotic images or stimulation.
Err	be mistaken or incorrect.
Err	do wrong; sin.
Errand	short journey, esp. On another's behalf, to take a message, collect goods, etc.
Errand	object of such a journey.
Errand of mercy	Journey to relieve suffering etc.
Errant	erring.
Errant	literary or
Errant	travelling in search of adventure
Errant	(in sense
Erratic	inconsistent in conduct, opinions, etc.
Erratic	uncertain in movement.
Erratum	error in printing or writing.
Erroneous	Incorrect.
Error	mistake.
Error	condition of being morally wrong
Error	degree of inaccuracy in a calculation etc.
Ersatz	Substitute, imitation.
Erse	Irish or highland gaelic.
Erse	The gaelic language.
Erstwhile	Former, previous.
Erstwhile	formerly.
Eructation	Formal belching.
Erudite	Learned.
Erupt	break out suddenly or dramatically.
Erupt	eject lava etc.
Erupt	Appear on the skin.
Erupt	Eruptive
-ery	forming nouns denoting:
-ery	class or kind
-ery	employment; state or condition
-ery	place of work or cultivation or breeding
-ery	behaviour
-ery	often derog. All that has to do with
Erysipelas	Disease causing fever and a deep red inflammation of the skin.
Erythrocyte	Red blood cell.
Es	Einsteinium.
Escalate	increase or develop
Escalate	by stages.
Escalate	make or become more intense.
Escalator	Moving staircase consisting of a circulating belt forming steps.
Escalope	Thin slice of boneless meat, esp. Veal.
Escapade	Piece of reckless behaviour.
Escape	get free of restriction or control.
Escape	Leak.
Escape	succeed in avoiding punishment etc.
Escape	get free of
Escape	avoid
Escape	elude the notice or memory of
Escape	Issue unawares from
Escape	act or instance of escaping.
Escape	means of escaping (often
Escape	: escape hatch).
Escape	leakage of gas etc.
Escape	temporary relief from unpleasant reality.
Escape clause	Law clause specifying conditions under which a contracting party is free from an obligation.
Escapee	Person who has escaped.
Escapement	Part of a clock etc. That connects and regulates the motive power.
Escape velocity	Minimum velocity needed to escape from the gravitational field of a body.
Escapism	Pursuit of distraction and relief from reality.
Escapology	Techniques of escaping from confinement, esp. As entertainment.
Escarpment	Long steep slope at the edge of a plateau etc.
Eschatology	Theology of death and final destiny.
Eschew	Formal avoid; abstain from.
Escort	one or more persons, vehicles, etc., accompanying a person, vehicle, etc., for protection or as a mark of status.
Escort	person accompanying a person of the opposite sex socially.
Escort	Act as an escort to.
Escritoire	Writing-desk with drawers etc.
Escudo	chief monetary unit of portugal.
Escutcheon	Shield or emblem bearing a coat of arms.
Eskimo	member of a people inhabiting
Eskimo	Canada, alaska, greenland, and e. Siberia.
Eskimo	language of this people.
Eskimo	Of eskimos or their language.
Esn	Educationally subnormal.
Esophagus	passage from the mouth to the stomach; gullet.
Esoteric	Intelligible only to those with special knowledge.
Esp	Extrasensory perception.
Espadrille	Light canvas shoe with a plaited fibre sole.
Espalier	lattice-work along which the branches of a tree or shrub are trained.
Espalier	tree or shrub so trained.
Esparto	grass of spain and
Esparto	Africa, used to make good-quality paper etc.
Especial	Notable.
Especially	in particular.
Especially	much more than in other cases.
Especially	particularly.
Esperanto	An artificial language designed for universal use.
Espionage	Spying or use of spies.
Esplanade	long open level area for walking on, esp. Beside the sea.
Esplanade	level space separating a fortress from a town.
Espousal	espousing of
Espousal	marriage, betrothal.
Espouse	adopt or support
Espouse	marry.
Espouse	give
Espouse	in marriage.
Ex-servicewoman	Woman formerly a member of the armed forces.
Extant	Still existing.
Extemporaneous	Spoken or done without preparation.
Extempore	Without preparation.
Extemporize	improvise.
Extend	lengthen or make larger in space or time.
Extend	stretch or lay out at full length.
Extend	reach or be or make continuous over a specified area.
Extend	have a specified scope
Extend	offer or accord
Extend	tax the powers of
Extended family	Family including relatives living near.
Extended-play	playing for somewhat longer than most singles.
Extension	extending or being extended.
Extension	part enlarging or added on to a main building etc.
Extension	additional part.
Extension	a subsidiary telephone on the same line as the main one.
Extension	its number.
Extension	additional period of time.
Extension	extramural instruction by a university or college.
Extensive	covering a large area.
Extensive	far-reaching.
Extensive	Extensiveness
Extent	space over which a thing extends.
Extent	range, scope, degree.
Extenuate	(often as extenuating
Extenuate	) Make
Extenuate	seem less serious by reference to another factor.
Exterior	of or on the outer side.
Exterior	coming from outside.
Exterior	outward aspect or surface of a building etc.
Exterior	outward demeanour.
Exterior	outdoor scene in filming.
Exterminate	destroy utterly (esp.
Exterminate	living thing).
Exterminate	Exterminator
External	a of or on the outside or visible part.
External	coming from the outside or an outside source.
External	relating to a country's foreign affairs.
External	outside the conscious subject
External	For use on the outside of the body.
External	for students taking the examinations of a university without attending it.
External	(in
External	outward features or aspect.
External	external circumstances.
External	inessentials.
External	Externally
Externalize	give or attribute external existence to.
Extinct	that has died out.
Extinct	a no longer burning.
Extinct	that no longer erupts.
Extinct	obsolete.
Extinction	making or becoming extinct.
Extinction	extinguishing or being extinguished.
Extinction	total destruction or annihilation.
Extinguish	cause
Extinguish	To die out.
Extinguish	destroy.
Extinguish	terminate.
Extinguish	wipe out
Extirpate	root out; destroy completely.
Extol	praise enthusiastically.
Extort	Obtain by coercion.
Extortion	act of extorting, esp. Money.
Extortion	illegal exaction.
Extortion	Extortionist
Extortionate	Exorbitant.
Extra	Additional; more than usual or necessary or expected.
Extra	more than usually.
Extra	additionally
Extra	extra thing.
Extra	thing for which an extra charge is made.
Extra	person engaged temporarily for a minor part in a film.
Extra	special issue of a newspaper etc.
Extra	cricket run scored other than from a hit with the bat.
Extra-	Form
Extra-	outside, beyond.
Extra-	beyond the scope of.
Extra-	Form
Extra-	outside, beyond.
Extra-	beyond the scope of.
Extra cover	Cricket
Extra cover	fielding position on a line between cover-point and mid-off, but beyond these.
Extra cover	fielder at this position.
Extract	remove or take out, esp. By effort or force.
Extract	obtain
Extract	Against a person's will.
Extract	obtain
Extract	from the earth.
Extract	select or reproduce for quotation or performance.
Extract	obtain
Extract	By pressure, distillation, etc.
Extract	derive
Extract	find
Extract	short passage from a book etc.
Extract	preparation containing a concentrated constituent of a substance
Extraction	extracting or being extracted.
Extraction	removal of a tooth.
Extraction	lineage, descent
Extractive	Of or involving extraction.
Extractor	person or machine that extracts.
Extractor	that extracts bad air etc.
Extracurricular	Not part of the normal curriculum.
Extraditable	liable to extradition.
Extraditable	warranting extradition.
Extradite	hand over
Extradite	to the foreign state etc. In which the crime was committed.
Extramarital	occurring outside marriage.
Extramural	Additional to normal teaching or studies, esp. For non-resident students.
Extraneous	of external origin.
Extraneous	a separate from the object to which it is attached etc.
Extraneous	irrelevant, unrelated.
Extraordinary	unusual or remarkable.
Extraordinary	unusually great.
Extraordinary	Additional; specially employed.
Extrapolate	Calculate approximately from known data etc.
Extrasensory	Derived by means other than the known senses, e.g. By telepathy.
Extraterrestrial	Outside the earth or its atmosphere.
Extraterrestrial	being from outer space.
Extravagant	spending money excessively.
Extravagant	excessive; absurd.
Extravagant	costing much.
Extravagant	Extravagantly
Extravaganza	spectacular theatrical or television production.
Extravaganza	fanciful literary, musical, or dramatic composition.
Extreme	of a high, or the highest, degree
Extreme	severe
Extreme	outermost.
Extreme	on the far left or right of a political party.
Extreme	utmost; last.
Extreme	(often in
Extreme	) Either of two things as remote or as different as possible.
Extreme	thing at either end.
Extreme	highest degree.
Extreme	math. First or last term of a ratio or series.
Extreme unction	Last rites in the roman catholic and orthodox churches.
Extremist	(also
Extremist	) Person with extreme views.
Extremity	extreme point; very end.
Extremity	(in
Extremity	) The hands and feet.
Extremity	condition of extreme adversity.
Extricate	free or disentangle from a difficulty etc.
Extricate	Extrication
Extrinsic	not inherent or intrinsic.
Extrinsic	extraneous; not belonging.
Extrovert	outgoing person.
Extrovert	person mainly concerned with external things.
Extrovert	Typical of or with the nature of an extrovert.
Extrovert	Extroverted
Extrude	thrust or force out.
Extrude	shape metal, plastics, etc. By forcing them through a die.
Extrude	Extrusive
Exuberant	lively, high-spirited.
Exuberant	Prolific.
Exuberant	Abounding.
Exuberant	Exuberantly
Exude	ooze out.
Exude	emit
Exude	display
Exude	Freely.
Exult	Be joyful.
Exult	Exultant
Exult	Exultantly
Eye	organ of sight.
Eye	eye characterized by the colour of the iris
Eye	region round the eye
Eye	(in sing. Or
Eye	) Sight.
Eye	particular visual ability
Eye	thing like an eye, esp.: a a spot on a peacock's tail.
Eye	a leaf bud of a potato.
Eye	calm region at the centre of a hurricane etc.
Eye	hole of a needle.
Eye	watch or observe closely, esp. Admiringly or with suspicion.
Eye	watch.
Eye	look after. Keep an eye open
Eye	watch carefully. Keep one's eyes open
Eye	watch out; be on the alert. Make eyes
Eye	look amorously or flirtatiously at. One in the eye
Eye	disappointment or setback. See eye to eye
Eye	agree. Set eyes on see. Up to the
Eye	eyes in deeply engaged or involved in. With one's eyes shut
Eye	with little effort. With an eye to with a view to.
Eyeball	Ball of the eye within the lids and socket.
Eyeball	look or stare
Eyeball to eyeball	Confronting closely.
Eyebath	Small vessel for applying lotion etc. To the eye.
Eyebright	Plant used as a remedy for weak eyes.
Eyebrow	Line of hair on the ridge above the eye-socket.
Eye-catching	Striking.
Eyeful	) good look; as much as the eye can take in.
Eyeful	visually striking person or thing.
Eyeful	thing thrown or blown into the eye.
Eyeglass	Lens to assist defective sight.
Eyehole	Hole to look through.
Eyelash	Each of the hairs growing on the edges of the eyelids.
Eyelet	small hole for string or rope etc. To pass through.
Eyelet	metal ring strengthening this.
Eyelid	Either of the folds of skin closing to cover the eye.
Eye-liner	Cosmetic applied as a line round the eye.
Eye-opener	Enlightening experience; unexpected revelation.
Eyepiece	Lens or lenses to which the eye is applied at the end of an optical instrument.
Eye-shade	Device to protect the eyes, esp. From strong light.
Eye-shadow	Coloured cosmetic applied to the eyelids.
Eyesight	Faculty or power of seeing.
Eyesore	Ugly thing.
Eye strain	Fatigue of the eye muscles.
Eye-tooth	Canine tooth in the upper jaw just under the eye.
Eyewash	lotion for the eyes.
Eyewash	nonsense; insincere talk.
Eyewitness	Person who saw a thing happen and can tell of it.
Eyrie	nest of a bird of prey, esp. An eagle, built high up.
Eyrie	house etc. Perched high up.
Espresso	strong black coffee made under steam pressure.
Esprit	Sprightliness, wit.
Espy	catch sight of.
Esq.	Esquire.
-esque	forming adjectives meaning ‘in the style of’ or ‘resembling’
Esquire	(usu. As
Esquire	Esq.) Title added to a man's surname when no other title is used, esp. As a form of address for letters.
-ess	forming nouns denoting females
Essay	short piece of writing on a given subject.
Essay	formal attempt.
Essay	Attempt.
Essence	fundamental nature; inherent characteristics.
Essence	a extract got by distillation etc.
Essence	perfume.
Essential	necessary; indispensable.
Essential	of or constituting the essence of a person or thing.
Essential	(esp. In
Essential	) Basic or indispensable element or thing.
Essential oil	Volatile oil derived from a plant etc. With its characteristic odour.
-est	forming the superlative of adjectives
-est	and adverbs
Establish	set up
Establish	On a permanent basis.
Establish	settle
Establish	in some capacity.
Establish	(esp. As established
Establish	achieve permanent acceptance for
Establish	place
Establish	Beyond dispute.
Established church	The church recognized by the state.
Establishment	establishing or being established.
Establishment	a business organization or public institution.
Establishment	place of business.
Establishment	residence.
Establishment	a staff of an organization.
Establishment	household.
Establishment	organized body permanently maintained.
Establishment	church system organized by law.
Establishment	social group with authority or influence and resisting change.
Estate	property consisting of much land and usu.
Estate	large house.
Estate	modern residential or industrial area with an integrated design or purpose.
Estate	person's assets and liabilities, esp. At death.
Estate	property where rubber, tea, grapes, etc., are cultivated.
Estate	order or class forming
Estate	part of the body politic.
Estate	or literary state or position in life
Estate agent	Person whose business is the sale or lease of buildings and land on behalf of others.
Estate car	Car with a continuous area for rear passengers and luggage.
Estate duty	Hist. Death duty.
Esteem	have a high regard for.
Esteem	formal consider
Esteem	High regard; favour.
Ester	Chem.
Ester	compound produced by replacing the hydrogen of an acid by an organic radical.
Estimable	Worthy of esteem; admirable.
Estimate	approximate judgement, esp. Of cost, value, size, etc.
Estimate	statement of approximate charge for work to be undertaken.
Estimate	form an estimate or opinion of.
Estimate	make a rough calculation.
Estimate	form an estimate; adjudge.
Estimation	estimating.
Estimation	judgement of worth.
Estonian	a native or national of estonia in eastern europe.
Estonian	person of estonian descent.
Estonian	language of estonia.
Estonian	Of estonia, its people, or language.
Estrange	alienate; make hostile or indifferent.
Estrange	(as estranged
Estrange	no longer living with his or her spouse.
Estrogen	sex hormone developing and maintaining female characteristics of the body.
Estrogen	this produced artificially for use in medicine.
Estrus	recurring period of sexual receptivity in many female mammals
Estuary	wide tidal river mouth.
Eta	Estimated time of arrival.
Eta	Seventh letter of the greek alphabet
Et al.	And others.
Et cetera	and the rest.
Et cetera	and so on.
Et cetera	(in
Et cetera	) The usual extras.
Etch	a reproduce
Etch	By engraving it on a metal plate with acid
Etch	engrave
Etch	in this way.
Etch	practise this craft.
Etch	impress deeply
Etching	print made from an etched plate.
Etching	art of producing these plates.
Eternal	existing always; without an end or
Eternal	Beginning.
Eternal	unchanging.
Eternal	Constant; too frequent
Eternal triangle	Two people of one sex and one person of the other involved in a complex emotional relationship.
Eternity	infinite
Eternity	time.
Eternity	endless life after death.
Eternity	being eternal.
Eternity	a very long time.
Eternity ring	Finger-ring esp. Set with gems all round.
Ethane	Gaseous hydrocarbon of the alkane series.
Ether	chem. Colourless volatile organic liquid used as an anaesthetic or solvent.
Ether	clear sky; upper regions of the air.
Ether	hist.
Ether	medium formerly assumed to permeate all space.
Ether	medium through which electromagnetic waves were formerly thought to be transmitted.
Ethereal	light, airy.
Ethereal	highly delicate, esp. In appearance.
Ethereal	heavenly.
Ethic	Set of moral principles
Ethical	relating to morals, esp. As concerning human conduct.
Ethical	morally correct.
Ethical	Not advertised to the general public, and usu. Available only on prescription.
Ethics	pl.
Ethics	moral philosophy.
Ethics	a moral principles.
Ethics	set of these.
Ethiopian	native or national of ethiopia in ne africa.
Ethiopian	person of ethiopian descent.
Ethiopian	Of ethiopia.
Ethnic	having a common national or cultural tradition.
Ethnic	Inspired by or resembling those of an exotic people.
Ethnic	denoting origin by birth or descent rather than nationality
Ethnology	The comparative study of peoples.
Ethnology	Ethnologist
Ethos	Characteristic spirit or attitudes of a community etc.
Ethyl	radical derived from ethane, present in alcohol and ether.
Ethylene	hydrocarbon of the alkene series.
Etiolate	make
Etiolate	pale by excluding light.
Etiolate	give a sickly colour to
Etiology	study of causation or of the causes of disease.
Etiquette	Conventional rules of social behaviour or professional conduct.
Etruscan	Of ancient etruria in italy.
Etruscan	native of etruria.
Etruscan	language of etruria.
Et seq.	And the following
-ette	forming nouns meaning:
-ette	small
-ette	imitation or substitute
-ette	female
Etymology	a derivation and development of a word in form and meaning.
Etymology	account of these.
Etymology	the study of word origins.
Etymology	Etymologist
Eu	Europium.
Eu-	Form well, easily.
Eucalyptus	(also eucalypt
Eucalyptus	-s)
Eucalyptus	tall evergreen australasian tree.
Eucalyptus	its oil, used as an antiseptic etc.
Eucharist	christian sacrament in which consecrated bread and wine are consumed.
Eucharist	consecrated elements, esp. The bread.
Eugenics	pl.
Eugenics	Improvement of the qualities of a race by control of inherited characteristics.
Eugenics	Eugenically
Eukaryote	Organism consisting of a cell or cells in which the genetic material is contained within a distinct nucleus.
Eulogize	praise in speech or writing.
Eulogy	speech or writing in praise of a person.
Eulogy	expression of praise.
Eunuch	Castrated man, esp. One formerly employed at an oriental harem or court.
Euphemism	mild or vague expression substituted for a harsher or more direct one
Euphemism	use of such expressions.
Euphemism	Euphemistically
Euphonium	Brass instrument of the tuba family.
Euphony	pleasantness of sound, esp. Of a word or phrase.
Euphony	pleasant sound.
Euphoria	Intense feeling of well-being and excitement.
Eurasian	of mixed european and asian parentage.
Eurasian	of europe and asia.
Eurasian	Eurasian person.
Eureka	I have found it!
Euro-	Form europe, european.
Eurodollar	Dollar held in a bank outside the us.
European	of or in europe.
European	originating in, native to, or characteristic of europe.
European	a native or inhabitant of europe.
European	person descended from natives of europe.
European	person favouring european integration.
Europium	Metallic element of the lanthanide series.
Eustachian tube	Tube from the pharynx to the cavity of the middle ear.
Euthanasia	Bringing about of a gentle death in the case of incurable and painful disease.
Ev	Electronvolt.
Evacuate	a remove
Evacuate	from a place of danger.
Evacuate	empty
Evacuate	in this way.
Evacuate	make empty.
Evacuate	withdraw from
Evacuate	empty
Evacuee	Person evacuated.
Evade	a escape from, avoid, esp. By guile or trickery.
Evade	avoid doing
Evade	avoid answering
Evade	avoid paying
Evaluate	assess, appraise.
Evaluate	find or state the number or amount of.
Evanesce	literary fade from sight.
Evanescent	Quickly fading.
Evangelical	of or according to the teaching of the gospel.
Evangelical	of the protestant school maintaining the doctrine of salvation by faith.
Evangelical	Member of this.
Evangelical	Evangelically
Evangelism	Preaching or spreading of the gospel.
Evangelist	writer of one of the four gospels.
Evangelist	preacher of the gospel.
Evangelize	Preach the gospel to.
Evangelize	convert to christianity.
Evaporate	turn from solid or liquid into vapour.
Evaporate	lose moisture as vapour.
Evaporate	disappear.
Evaporate	Evaporation
Evaporated milk	Unsweetened milk concentrated by evaporation.
Evasion	evading.
Evasion	evasive answer.
Evasive	seeking to evade.
Evasive	not direct in one's answers etc.
Evasive	Evasiveness
Eve	evening or day before a festival etc.
Eve	time just before an event
Eve	evening.
Even1	level; smooth.
Even1	a uniform in quality; constant.
Even1	equal in amount or value etc.
Even1	equally balanced.
Even1	Equable, calm.
Even1	divisible by two without a remainder.
Even1	bearing such a number
Even1	not involving fractions; exact
Even1	inviting comparison of the assertion, negation, etc., with an implied one that is less strong or remarkable (never even opened
Even2	Poet. Evening.
Even chance	Equal chance of success or failure.
Even-handed	Impartial.
Evening	End part of the day, esp. From about
Evening	p.m. To bedtime.
Evening dress	Formal dress for evening wear.
Evening primrose	Plant with pale-yellow flowers that open in the evening.
Evening star	Planet, esp. Venus, conspicuous in the west after sunset.
Even money	Betting odds offering the gambler the chance of winning the amount staked.
Evens	pl.
Evensong	Service of evening prayer in the church of england.
Event	thing that happens.
Event	fact of a thing's occurring.
Event	item in a
Event	programme.
Eventful	Marked by noteworthy events.
Eventide	or poet.
Eventing	Participation in equestrian competitions, esp. Dressage and showjumping.
Eventual	Occurring in due course, ultimate.
Eventuality	possible event or outcome.
Eventuate	result.
Ever	at all times; always
Ever	at any time
Ever	in any way; at all
Ever	(in
Ever	) Constantly
Ever	Very; very much
Ever	Did you ever hear or see the like? Ever since throughout the period since.
Evergreen	Retaining green leaves all year round.
Evergreen	Evergreen plant.
Everlasting	lasting for ever or for a long time.
Everlasting	keeping their shape and colour when dried.
Everlasting	eternity.
Everlasting	everlasting flower.
Evermore	For ever; always.
Every	each single
Every	each at a specified interval in a series
Every	all possible
Every	quite as. Every now and again
Every	from time to time. Every other each second in a series
Every	. Every so often occasionally.
Everybody	Every person.
Everyday	occurring every day.
Everyday	used on ordinary days.
Everyday	commonplace.
Everyman	Ordinary or typical human being.
Everyone	Everybody.
Every one	Each one.
Everything	all things.
Everything	most important thing
Everywhere	in every place.
Everywhere	In many places.
Evict	Expel
Evict	By legal process.
Evidence	available facts, circumstances, etc. Indicating whether or not a thing is true or valid.
Evidence	law a information tending to prove a fact or proposition.
Evidence	statements or proofs admissible as testimony in a lawcourt.
Evidence	be evidence of.
Evident	Plain or obvious; manifest.
Evidential	Of or providing evidence.
Evidently	seemingly; as it appears.
Evidently	as shown by evidence.
Evil	morally bad; wicked.
Evil	harmful.
Evil	disagreeable
Evil	evil thing.
Evil	wickedness.
Evildoer	Sinner.
Evil eye	Gaze that is superstitiously believed to cause harm.
Evince	indicate, display
Eviscerate	disembowel.
Evocative	Evoking
Evocative	Evocativeness
Evoke	inspire or draw forth
Evolution	gradual development.
Evolution	development of species from earlier forms, as an explanation of their origins.
Evolution	unfolding of events etc.
Evolution	change in the disposition of troops or ships.
Evolutionist	Person who regards evolution as explaining the origin of species.
Evolve	develop gradually and naturally.
Evolve	devise
Evolve	unfold.
Evolve	give off
Ewe	Female sheep.
Ewer	Water-jug with a wide mouth.
Ex1	sold from
Ex2	Former husband or wife.
Ex-1 	forming verbs meaning: a out, forth
Ex-1 	upward
Ex-1 	thoroughly
Ex-1 	bring into a state
Ex-1 	remove or free from
Ex-1 	forming nouns from titles of office, status, etc., meaning ‘formerly’
Ex-2 	out
Exacerbate	make
Exacerbate	Worse.
Exacerbate	irritate
Exact	accurate; correct in all details
Exact	precise.
Exact	demand and enforce payment of
Exact	demand; insist on; require.
Exacting	making great demands.
Exacting	requiring much effort.
Exaction	exacting or being exacted.
Exaction	a illegal or exorbitant demand; extortion.
Exaction	sum or thing exacted.
Exactitude	Exactness, precision.
Exactly	precisely.
Exactly	i quite agree.
Exact science	science in which absolute precision is possible.
Exaggerate	Make
Exaggerate	seem larger or greater etc. Than it really is.
Exaggerate	increase beyond normal or due proportions
Exalt	raise in rank or power etc.
Exalt	praise highly.
Exalt	(usu. As exalted
Exalt	) Make lofty or noble
Examination	examining or being examined.
Examination	detailed inspection.
Examination	test of proficiency or knowledge by questions.
Examination	formal questioning of a witness etc. In court.
Examine	inquire into the nature or condition etc. Of.
Examine	look closely at.
Examine	test the proficiency of.
Examine	check the health of
Examine	formally question in court.
Examine	Examiner
Example	thing characteristic of its kind or illustrating a general rule.
Example	person, thing, or piece of conduct, in terms of its fitness to be imitated.
Example	circumstance or treatment seen as a warning to others.
Example	problem or exercise designed to illustrate a rule.
Exasperate	irritate intensely.
Ex cathedra	With full authority
Excavate	a make
Excavate	by digging.
Excavate	dig out material from
Excavate	reveal or extract by digging.
Excavate	Archaeol. Dig systematically to explore
Excavate	Excavator
Exceed	be more or greater than.
Exceed	go beyond or do more than is warranted by
Exceed	surpass.
Exceedingly	Extremely.
Excel	surpass.
Excel	be pre-eminent.
Excellence	Outstanding merit or quality.
Excellency	title used in addressing or referring to certain high officials.
Excellent	Extremely good.
Except	Exclude from a general statement, condition, etc.
Except	not including; other than
Except	unless
Exception	excepting or being excepted.
Exception	thing that has been or will be excepted.
Exception	instance that does not follow a rule.
Exceptionable	Open to objection.
Exceptional	forming an exception; unusual.
Exceptional	outstanding.
Excerpt	Short extract from a book, film, etc.
Excerpt	Take excerpts from.
Excess	exceeding.
Excess	amount by which one thing exceeds another.
Excess	a overstepping of accepted limits of moderation, esp. In eating or drinking.
Excess	) Immoderate behaviour.
Excess	part of an insurance claim to be paid by the insured.
Excess	Usu.
Excess	that exceeds a limited or prescribed amount.
Excess	required as extra payment
Excess baggage	baggage exceeding a weight allowance and liable to an extra charge.
Excessive	Too much or too great.
Exchange	giving of one thing and receiving of another in its place.
Exchange	giving of money for its equivalent in the money of the same or another country.
Exchange	centre where telephone connections are made.
Exchange	place where merchants, bankers, etc. Transact business.
Exchange	a office where information is given or a service provided.
Exchange	employment office.
Exchange	system of settling debts without the use of money, by bills of exchange.
Exchange	short conversation.
Exchange	give or receive
Exchange	in place of another.
Exchange	give and receive as equivalents.
Exchange	make an exchange.
Exchange rate	Value of one currency in terms of another.
Exchequer	former government department in charge of national revenue.
Exchequer	royal or national treasury.
Exchequer	money of a private individual or group.
Excise1	tax on goods produced or sold within the country of origin.
Excise1	tax on certain licences.
Excise1	charge excise on.
Excise1	force
Excise1	to pay excise.
Excise2	remove
Excise2	cut out
Excise2	By surgery.
Excitable	Easily excited.
Excitable	Excitably
Excite	a rouse the emotions of
Excite	arouse
Excite	arouse sexually.
Excite	provoke
Excite	stimulate
Excite	To activity.
Excitement	excited state of mind.
Excitement	exciting thing.
Exciting	Arousing great interest or enthusiasm.
Exclaim	cry out suddenly.
Exclaim	utter by exclaiming.
Exclamation	exclaiming.
Exclamation	word
Exclamation	exclaimed.
Exclamation mark	Punctuation mark
Exclamation mark	Indicating exclamation.
Exclamatory	Of or serving as an exclamation.
Exclude	keep out
Exclude	from a place, group, privilege, etc.
Exclude	remove from consideration
Exclude	make impossible, preclude
Exclusive	excluding other things.
Exclusive	not including; except for.
Exclusive	tending to exclude others, esp. Socially.
Exclusive	high-class.
Exclusive	not obtainable elsewhere or not published elsewhere.
Exclusive	Article etc. Published by only one newspaper etc.
Exclusive	Exclusiveness
Exclusive	Exclusivity
Excommunicate	officially exclude
Excommunicate	from membership and esp. Sacraments of the church.
Excommunicate	Excommunicated.
Excommunicate	Excommunicated person.
Excoriate	a remove skin from
Excoriate	By abrasion.
Excoriate	strip off
Excoriate	censure severely.
Excrement	Faeces.
Excrescence	abnormal or morbid outgrowth on the body or a plant.
Excrescence	ugly addition.
Excreta	pl. Faeces and urine.
Excrete	expel
Excrete	Excretory
Excruciating	Causing acute mental or physical pain.
Exculpate	formal
Exculpate	free from blame; clear of a charge.
Exculpate	Exculpatory
Excursion	Journey
Excursion	to a place and back, made for pleasure.
Excursive	Literary digressive.
Excuse	try to lessen the blame attaching to
Excuse	serve as a reason to judge
Excuse	less severely.
Excuse	release
Excuse	from a duty etc.
Excuse	forgive
Excuse	forgive
Excuse	for
Excuse	refl. Leave with apologies.
Excuse	reason put forward to mitigate or justify an offence.
Excuse	apology
Ex-directory	Not listed in a telephone directory, at one's own request.
Execrable	Abominable.
Execrate	express or feel abhorrence for.
Execrate	Curse
Execute	carry out, perform
Execute	carry out a design for
Execute	carry out a death sentence on.
Execute	make
Execute	valid by signing, sealing, etc.
Execution	carrying out; performance.
Execution	technique or style of performance in the arts, esp. Music.
Execution	carrying out of a death sentence.
Executioner	Official who carries out a death sentence.
Executive	person or body with managerial or administrative responsibility.
Executive	branch of a government etc. Concerned with executing laws, agreements, etc.
Executive	Concerned with executing laws, agreements, etc., or with other administration or management.
Executor	person appointed by a testator to administer his or her will.
Exegesis	critical explanation of a text, esp. Of scripture.
Exemplar	model.
Exemplar	typical or parallel instance.
Exemplary	fit to be imitated; outstandingly good.
Exemplary	serving as a warning.
Exemplary	illustrative.
Exemplify	illustrate by example.
Exemplify	be an example of.
Exempt	free from an obligation or liability etc. Imposed on others.
Exempt	make exempt.
Exercise	activity requiring physical effort, done to sustain or improve health.
Exercise	mental or spiritual activity, esp. As practice to develop a faculty.
Exercise	task devised as exercise.
Exercise	a use or application of a mental faculty, right, etc.
Exercise	practice of an ability, quality, etc.
Exercise	(often in
Exercise	) Military drill or manoeuvres.
Exercise	use or apply
Exercise	perform
Exercise	a take
Exercise	exercise.
Exercise	provide
Exercise	with exercise.
Exercise	a tax the powers of.
Exercise	perplex, worry.
Exert	bring to bear, use
Exert	refl.
Exert	Use one's efforts or endeavours; strive.
Exert	bring to bear, use
Exert	refl.
Exert	Use one's efforts or endeavours; strive.
Exeunt	leave the stage.
Exfoliate	come off in scales or layers.
Exfoliate	throw off layers of bark.
Ex gratia	As a favour; not from
Ex gratia	obligation.
Ex gratia	Granted on this basis.
Exhale	breathe out.
Exhale	give off or be given off in vapour.
Exhaust	consume or use up the whole of.
Exhaust	(often as exhausted
Exhaust	Or exhausting
Exhaust	) Tire out.
Exhaust	study or expound
Exhaust	completely.
Exhaust	empty
Exhaust	Of its contents.
Exhaust	waste gases etc. Expelled from an engine after combustion.
Exhaust	pipe or system by which these are expelled.
Exhaust	process of expulsion of these gases.
Exhaustion	exhausting or being exhausted.
Exhaustion	total loss of strength.
Exhaustive	Thorough, comprehensive.
Exhaustive	Exhaustiveness
Exhibit	show or reveal, esp. Publicly.
Exhibit	display
Exhibit	Item displayed, esp. In an exhibition or as evidence in a lawcourt.
Exhibition	display
Exhibition	of works of art etc.
Exhibition	exhibiting or being exhibited.
Exhibition	scholarship, esp. From the funds of a school, college, etc.
Exhibitioner	Student who has been awarded an exhibition.
Exhibitionism	tendency towards attention-seeking behaviour.
Exhibitionism	psychol. Compulsion to display one's genitals in public.
Exhilarate	(often as exhilarating
Exhilarate	Or exhilarated
Exhilarate	) Enliven, gladden; raise the spirits of.
Exhort	Urge strongly or earnestly.
Exhort	Exhortative
Exhort	Exhortatory
Exhume	dig up (esp.
Exhume	buried corpse).
Exigency	urgent need or demand.
Exigency	emergency.
Exiguous	Scanty, small.
Exile	expulsion from one's native land or
Exile	native town etc.
Exile	long absence abroad.
Exile	exiled person.
Exile	send into exile.
Exist	have a place in objective reality.
Exist	Occur; be found.
Exist	live with no pleasure.
Exist	continue in being.
Exist	live.
Existence	fact or manner of being or existing.
Existence	continuance in life or being.
Existence	all that exists.
Existential	of or relating to existence.
Existential	philos. Concerned with existence, esp. With human existence as viewed by existentialism.
Existentialism	Philosophical theory emphasizing the existence of the individual as a free and self-determining agent.
Exit	passage or door by which to leave a room etc.
Exit	act or right of going out.
Exit	place where vehicles can leave a motorway etc.
Exit	actor's departure from the stage.
Exit	go out of a room etc.
Exit	leave the stage
Exit poll	Poll of people leaving a polling-station, asking how they voted.
Exo-	Form external.
Exocrine	secreting through a duct.
Exodus	mass departure.
Exodus	biblical departure of the israelites from egypt.
Ex officio	By virtue of one's office.
Exonerate	free or declare free from blame etc.
Exorbitant	Grossly excessive.
Exorcize	expel
Exorcize	by prayers etc.
Exorcize	free
Exorcize	in this way.
Exorcize	Exorcist
Exordium	introductory part, esp. Of a discourse or treatise.
Exotic	introduced from a foreign country; not native.
Exotic	strange or unusual.
Exotic	Exotic person or thing.
Exotica	pl. Strange or rare objects.
Expand	increase in size or importance.
Expand	give a fuller account.
Expand	become more genial.
Expand	set or write out in full.
Expand	spread out flat.
Expanse	Wide continuous area of land, space, etc.
Expansible	That can be expanded.
Expansion	expanding or being expanded.
Expansion	enlargement of the scale or scope of a business.
Expansionism	Advocacy of expansion, esp. Of a state's territory.
Expansive	able or tending to expand.
Expansive	extensive.
Expansive	Effusive, open.
Expansive	Expansiveness
Expat	Expatriate.
Expatiate	speak or write at length.
Expatiate	Expatiatory
Expatriate	living abroad.
Expatriate	exiled.
Expatriate	Expatriate person.
Expatriate	expel
Expatriate	from his or her native country.
Expatriate	refl. Renounce one's citizenship.
Expect	a regard as likely.
Expect	look for as appropriate or one's due
Expect	Think, suppose.
Expect	Be pregnant
Expectancy	state of expectation.
Expectancy	prospect.
Expectancy	prospective chance.
Expectant	hopeful, expecting.
Expectant	having an expectation.
Expectant	pregnant.
Expectation	expecting or anticipation.
Expectation	thing expected.
Expectation	probability of an event.
Expectation	(in
Expectation	) One's prospects of inheritance.
Expectorant	Causing expectoration.
Expectorant	Expectorant medicine.
Expectorate	Cough or spit out
Expedient	Advantageous; advisable on practical rather than moral grounds.
Expedient	Means of attaining an end; resource.
Expedient	Expediency
Expedite	assist the progress of.
Expedite	accomplish
Expedite	quickly.
Expedition	journey or voyage for a particular purpose, esp. Exploration.
Expedition	people etc. Undertaking this.
Expedition	speed.
Expeditionary	Of or used in an expedition.
Expeditious	Acting or done with speed and efficiency.
Expel	deprive
Expel	of membership etc. Of a school, society, etc.
Expel	force out, eject.
Expel	order or force to leave a building etc.
Expend	Spend or use up
Expendable	That may be sacrificed or dispensed with; not worth preserving or saving.
Expenditure	spending or using up.
Expenditure	thing
Expenditure	expended.
Expense	cost incurred; payment of money.
Expense	(usu. In
Expense	costs incurred in doing a job etc.
Expense	amount paid to reimburse this.
Expense	thing on which money is spent.
Expense account	List of an employee's expenses payable by the employer.
Expensive	Costing or charging much.
Expensive	Expensiveness
Experience	observation of or practical acquaintance with facts or events.
Experience	knowledge or skill resulting from this.
Experience	event or activity participated in or observed
Experience	have experience of; undergo.
Experience	feel.
Experienced	having had much experience.
Experienced	skilled from experience
Experiential	Involving or based on experience.
Experiment	Procedure adopted in the hope of success, or for testing a hypothesis etc., or to demonstrate a known fact.
Experiment	make an experiment.
Experiment	Experimenter
Experimental	based on or making use of experiment.
Experimental	used in experiments.
Experimental	Experimentally
Expert	having special knowledge of or skill in a subject.
Expert	Involving or resulting from this
Expert	person with special knowledge or skill.
Expertise	Expert skill, knowledge, or judgement.
Expiate	pay the penalty for or make amends for
Expiate	Expiation
Expiate	Expiatory
Expire	Come to an end.
Expire	cease to be valid.
Expire	die.
Expire	Breathe out
Expire	Expiratory
Expire	(in sense
Expiry	End of validity or duration.
Explain	a make clear or intelligible
Explain	make known in detail.
Explain	say by way of explanation.
Explain	account for
Explain	make one's meaning clear.
Explain	give an account of one's motives or conduct.
Explanation	explaining.
Explanation	statement or circumstance that explains something.
Explanatory	Serving or designed to explain.
Expletive	Swear-word or exclamation.
Explicable	That can be explained.
Explicate	develop the meaning of
Explicate	explain (esp.
Explicate	literary text).
Explicit	expressly stated, not merely implied; stated in detail.
Explicit	definite.
Explicit	outspoken.
Explicit	Explicitness
Explode	a expand suddenly with a loud noise owing to a release of internal energy.
Explode	cause
Explode	To explode.
Explode	give vent suddenly to emotion, esp. Anger.
Explode	Increase suddenly or rapidly.
Explode	show
Explode	To be false or baseless.
Explode	(as exploded
Explode	Showing the components of a mechanism somewhat separated but in the normal relative positions.
Exploit	Daring feat.
Exploit	make use of
Exploit	usu. Derog. Utilize or take advantage of (esp.
Exploit	person) for one's own ends.
Exploit	Exploitative
Exploit	Exploiter
Explore	travel through
Explore	To learn about it.
Explore	inquire into.
Explore	surgery examine
Explore	in detail.
Explore	Exploratory
Explore	Explorer
Explosion	exploding.
Explosion	loud noise caused by this.
Explosion	sudden outbreak of feeling.
Explosion	rapid or sudden increase.
Explosive	able, tending, likely to explode.
Explosive	likely to cause a violent outburst etc.; dangerously tense.
Explosive	Explosive substance.
Expo	large international exhibition.
Exponent	person who promotes an idea etc.
Exponent	practitioner of an activity, profession, etc.
Exponent	person who explains or interprets something.
Exponent	type or representative.
Exponent	raised symbol beside a numeral indicating how many of the number are to be multiplied together (e.g.
Exponential	of or indicated by a mathematical exponent.
Exponential	More and more rapid.
Export	Sell or send
Export	to another country.
Export	exporting.
Export	a exported article or service.
Export	) Amount exported.
Export	Exporter
Expose	(esp. As exposed
Expose	leave uncovered or unprotected, esp. From the weather.
Expose	a put at risk of.
Expose	subject to
Expose	photog. Subject
Expose	to light, esp. By operation of a camera.
Expose	reveal the identity or fact of.
Expose	exhibit, display.
Exposé	orderly statement of facts.
Exposé	revelation of something discreditable.
Exposition	explanatory account.
Exposition	explanation or commentary.
Exposition	Part of a movement in which the principal themes are presented.
Exposition	large public exhibition.
Ex post facto	With retrospective action or force.
Expostulate	make a protest; remonstrate.
Expostulate	Expostulatory
Exposure	exposing or being exposed.
Exposure	physical condition resulting from being exposed to the elements.
Exposure	photog.
Exposure	exposing a film etc. To the light.
Exposure	duration of this.
Exposure	section of film etc. Affected by it.
Expound	set out in detail.
Expound	explain or interpret.
Express	represent or make known in words or by gestures, conduct, etc.
Express	refl. Communicate what one thinks, feels, or means.
Express	esp. Math. Represent by symbols.
Express	squeeze out
Express	send by express service.
Express	operating at high speed.
Express	also definitely stated.
Express	delivered by a specially fast service.
Express	at high speed.
Express	by express messenger or train.
Express	express train etc.
Express	us service for the rapid transport of parcels etc.
Express	Expressly
Express	(in sense
Expression	expressing or being expressed.
Expression	word or phrase expressed.
Expression	person's facial appearance, indicating feeling.
Expression	conveying of feeling in music, speaking, dance, etc.
Expression	depiction of feeling etc. In art.
Expression	math. Collection of symbols expressing a quantity.
Expressionism	Style of painting, music, drama, etc., seeking to express emotion rather than the external world.
Expressive	full of expression
Expressive	serving to express.
Expressive	Expressiveness
Expressway	Us motorway.
Expropriate	take away
Expropriate	from its owner.
Expropriate	dispossess.
Expropriate	Expropriator
Expulsion	Expelling or being expelled.
Expunge	erase, remove
Expunge	from a book etc.
Expurgate	remove objectionable matter from
Expurgate	remove
Expurgate	Expurgator
Exquisite	extremely beautiful or delicate.
Exquisite	keenly felt
Exquisite	highly sensitive
Ex-serviceman	Man formerly a member of the armed forces.
F1	sixth letter of the alphabet.
F1	Fourth note of the diatonic scale of c major.
F2	fahrenheit.
F2	farad
F2	fine
F3	Fluorine.
F	female.
F	feminine.
F	following page etc.
F	Forte.
F	folio.
F	focal length.
Fa	Football association.
Fab	Fabulous, marvellous.
Fable	a fictional, esp. Supernatural, story.
Fable	moral tale, esp. With animals as characters.
Fable	legendary tales collectively
Fable	a lie.
Fable	thing only supposed to exist.
Fabled	Celebrated; legendary.
Fabric	woven material; cloth.
Fabric	walls, floor, and roof of a building.
Fabric	essential structure.
Fabricate	construct, esp. From components.
Fabricate	invent
Fabricate	forge
Fabricate	Fabricator
Fabulous	incredible.
Fabulous	Marvellous.
Fabulous	legendary.
Façade	face or front of a building.
Façade	outward appearance, esp.
Façade	deceptive one.
Face	front of the head from forehead to chin.
Face	facial expression.
Face	coolness, effrontery.
Face	surface, esp.: a the side of a mountain etc.
Face	geom. Each surface of a solid.
Face	the façade of a building.
Face	the dial of a clock etc.
Face	functional side of a tool etc.
Face	aspect
Face	look or be positioned towards or in a certain direction.
Face	be opposite.
Face	meet resolutely.
Face	confront
Face	a coat the surface of
Face	put a facing on
Face	Take unpleasant consequences without flinching. Face up to accept bravely. Have the face be shameless enough. In face
Face	of despite. Lose face be humiliated. On the face of it apparently. Put a bold
Face	face on it accept difficulty etc. Cheerfully. Save face avoid humiliation. Set one's face against oppose stubbornly. To a person's face openly in a person's presence.
Face-cloth	Cloth for washing one's face.
Faceless	without identity; characterless.
Faceless	purposely not identifiable.
Face-lift	cosmetic surgery to remove wrinkles etc.
Face-lift	improvement to appearance, efficiency, etc.
Face-pack	Skin preparation for the face.
Facer	Sudden difficulty.
Facet	aspect.
Facet	side of a cut gem etc.
Facetious	Intending or intended to be amusing, esp. Inappropriately.
Face to face	(also face-to-face when
Face to face	facing; confronting each other.
Face value	nominal value of money.
Face value	superficial appearance or implication.
Facial	Of or for the face.
Facial	Beauty treatment for the face.
Facile	Usu. Derog.
Facile	easily achieved but of little value.
Facile	glib, fluent.
Facilitate	ease
Facility	ease; absence of difficulty.
Facility	fluency, dexterity.
Facility	(esp. In
Facility	) Opportunity or equipment for doing something.
Facing	layer of material covering part of a garment etc. For contrast or strength.
Facing	outer covering on a wall etc.
Facsimile	Exact copy, esp. Of writing, printing, a picture, etc.
Fact	thing that is known to exist or to be true.
Fact	(usu. In
Fact	) Item of verified information.
Fact	truth, reality.
Fact	thing assumed as the basis for argument.
Fact	in reality.
Fact	in short.
Faction	Small organized dissentient group within a larger one, esp. In politics.
-faction	Form forming nouns of action from verbs in -fy
Factious	Of, characterized by, or inclined to faction.
Factitious	specially contrived.
Factitious	artificial.
Fact of life	Something that must be accepted.
Factor	circumstance etc. Contributing to a result.
Factor	whole number etc. That when multiplied with another produces a given number.
Factor	a business agent.
Factor	scot. Land-agent, steward.
Factor	agent, deputy.
Factorial	Product of a number and all the whole numbers below it.
Factorial	Of a factor or factorial.
Factorize	resolve into factors.
Factory	building
Factory	in which goods are manufactured.
Factory farm	Farm using intensive or industrial methods of livestock rearing.
Factotum	employee who does all kinds of work.
Facts and figures	pl. Precise details.
Factsheet	Information leaflet, esp. Accompanying a television programme.
Facts of life	pl.
Facts of life	information about sexual functions and practices.
Factual	Based on or concerned with fact.
Faculty	aptitude for a particular activity.
Faculty	inherent mental or physical power.
Faculty	a group of related university departments.
Faculty	us teaching staff of a university or college.
Faculty	authorization, esp. By a church authority.
Fad	craze.
Fad	peculiar notion.
Faddy	having petty likes and dislikes.
Fade	lose or cause to lose colour, light, or sound; slowly diminish.
Fade	lose freshness or strength.
Fade	cinematog. Etc. Cause
Fade	to appear or disappear, increase or decrease, gradually.
Fade	Action of fading.
Fade	Languish, grow thin.
Fade	die away; disappear.
Faeces	pl.
Faeces	waste matter discharged from the bowels.
Faff	fuss, dither.
Fag1	Tedious task.
Fag1	cigarette.
Fag1	junior boy who runs errands for a senior.
Fag1	Exhaust.
Fag1	act as a fag.
Fag2	offens. Male homosexual.
Fag-end	cigarette-end.
Faggot	ball of seasoned chopped liver etc., baked or fried.
Faggot	bundle of sticks etc.
Faggot	offens.
Faggot	unpleasant woman.
Faggot	us male homosexual.
Fagot	ball of seasoned chopped liver etc., baked or fried.
Fagot	bundle of sticks etc.
Fagot	offens.
Fagot	unpleasant woman.
Fagot	us male homosexual.
Fah	Fourth note of a major scale.
Fahrenheit	Of a scale of temperature on which water freezes at
Fahrenheit	2° and boils at
Fahrenheit	12°.
Faience	Decorated and glazed earthenware and porcelain.
Fail	not succeed
Fail	be or judge to be unsuccessful in
Fail	be unable; neglect
Fail	disappoint.
Fail	be absent or insufficient.
Failed	Unsuccessful
Failing	Fault, weakness.
Failing	In default of.
Fail-safe	Reverting to a safe condition when faulty etc.
Failure	lack of success; failing.
Failure	unsuccessful person or thing.
Failure	non-performance.
Failure	breaking down or ceasing to function
Failure	running short of supply etc.
Fain	Willing or obliged to.
Fain	Gladly
Faint	indistinct, pale, dim.
Faint	weak or giddy.
Faint	slight.
Faint	feeble; timid.
Faint	with inconspicuous ruled lines.
Faint	lose consciousness.
Faint	become faint.
Faint	Act or state of fainting.
Faint	Faintness
Faint-hearted	Cowardly, timid.
Fair1	just, equitable; in accordance with the rules.
Fair1	blond; light or pale.
Fair1	a moderate in quality or amount.
Fair1	satisfactory.
Fair1	fine;
Fair1	favourable.
Fair1	clean, clear
Fair1	beautiful.
Fair1	in a just manner.
Fair1	exactly, completely.
Fair2	stalls, amusements, etc., for public entertainment.
Fair2	periodic market, often with entertainments.
Fair2	exhibition, esp. Commercial.
Fair and square	Exactly; straightforwardly.
Fair dos	pl. (esp. As
Fair dos	Fair shares; fair treatment.
Fair game	Legitimate target or object.
Fairground	Outdoor area where a fair is held.
Fairing	Streamlining structure added to a ship, aircraft, vehicle, etc.
Fair isle	(also
Fair isle	) Multicoloured knitwear design characteristic of fair isle.
Fairly	in a fair manner.
Fairly	moderately
Fairly	quite, rather
Fair play	Just treatment or behaviour.
Fair sex	women.
Fairway	navigable channel.
Fairway	part of a golf-course between a tee and its green, kept free of rough grass.
Fair-weather friend	Unreliable friend or ally.
Fairy	(often
Fairy	) Small winged legendary being.
Fairy	offens. Male homosexual.
Fairy cake	Small iced sponge cake.
Fairy godmother	Benefactress.
Fairyland	home of fairies.
Fairyland	enchanted region.
Fairy lights	pl. Small decorative coloured lights.
Fairy ring	Ring of darker grass caused by fungi.
Fairy story	tale about fairies.
Fairy story	incredible story; lie.
Fait accompli	Thing that has been done and is not capable of alteration.
Faith	complete trust or confidence.
Faith	firm, esp. Religious, belief.
Faith	religion or creed
Faith	loyalty, trustworthiness.
Faithful	showing faith.
Faithful	loyal, trustworthy.
Faithful	accurate
Faithful	the believers in a religion.
Faithfully	In a faithful manner.
Faithless	false, unreliable, disloyal.
Faithless	without religious faith.
Fake	False or counterfeit thing or person.
Fake	Counterfeit; not genuine.
Fake	make a fake or imitation of
Fake	feign
Fakir	Muslim or
Fakir	hindu religious beggar or ascetic.
Falcon	Small hawk sometimes trained to hunt.
Falconry	Breeding and training of hawks.
Fall	(past fell;
Fall	Fallen)
Fall	go or come down freely; descend.
Fall	come suddenly to the ground from loss of balance etc.
Fall	a hang or slope down.
Fall	Discharge into.
Fall	a sink lower; decline, esp. In power, status, etc.
Fall	subside.
Fall	occur
Fall	show dismay or disappointment.
Fall	yield to temptation.
Fall	take or have a particular direction or place
Fall	a find a place; be naturally divisible.
Fall	be classed among.
Fall	0 come by chance or duty
Fall	1 a pass into a specified condition
Fall	become
Fall	2 be defeated or captured.
Fall	3 die.
Fall	a attack.
Fall	meet with.
Fall	embrace or embark on avidly.
Fall	begin
Fall	act of falling.
Fall	that which falls or has fallen, e.g. Snow.
Fall	recorded amount of rainfall etc.
Fall	overthrow
Fall	a succumbing to temptation.
Fall	adam's sin and its results.
Fall	us autumn.
Fall	(esp. In
Fall	) Waterfall etc.
Fall	wrestling-bout; throw in wrestling.
Fall	Be helpless with laughter. Fall away
Fall	incline abruptly.
Fall	become few or thin; gradually vanish.
Fall	desert. Fall back retreat. Fall back on have recourse to in difficulty. Fall behind
Fall	be outstripped; lag.
Fall	be in arrears. Fall down
Fall	Fail. Fall for
Fall	Be captivated or deceived by. Fall foul of come into conflict with. Fall in
Fall	take one's place in military formation.
Fall	collapse inwards. Fall in with
Fall	meet by chance.
Fall	agree with.
Fall	coincide with. Fall off
Fall	become detached.
Fall	decrease, deteriorate. Fall out
Fall	quarrel.
Fall	Become detached.
Fall	mil. Come out of formation.
Fall	result; occur. Fall over backwards see *backwards. Fall over oneself
Fall	be eager.
Fall	stumble through haste, confusion, etc. Fall short be deficient. Fall short of fail to reach or obtain. Fall through fail; miscarry. Fall to begin, e.g. Eating or working.
Fallacy	mistaken belief.
Fallacy	faulty reasoning; misleading argument.
Fall guy	easy victim; scapegoat.
Fallible	Capable of making mistakes.
Fallible	Fallibly
Falling star	Meteor.
Fallopian tube	Either of two tubes along which ova travel from the ovaries to the womb.
Fallout	Radioactive nuclear debris.
Fallow	ploughed but left unsown.
Fallow	uncultivated.
Fallow	Fallow land.
Fallow deer	Small deer with a white-spotted reddish-brown summer coat.
False	wrong, incorrect.
False	spurious, artificial.
False	improperly so called
False	deceptive.
False	deceitful, treacherous, or unfaithful.
False	Falseness
False alarm	Alarm given needlessly.
Falsehood	untrue thing.
Falsehood	a act of lying.
Falsehood	lie.
False pretences	pl. Misrepresentations made with intent to deceive
Falsetto	Male singing voice above the normal range.
Falsies	Pads worn to make the breasts seem larger.
Falsify	fraudulently alter.
Falsify	misrepresent.
Falsity	Being false.
Falter	stumble; go unsteadily.
Falter	lose courage.
Falter	speak hesitatingly.
Fame	renown; being famous.
Fame	reputation.
Famed	famous; much spoken of.
Familial	Of a family or its members.
Familiar	well known.
Familiar	often met
Familiar	knowing a thing well.
Familiar	well acquainted
Familiar	informal, esp. Presumptuously so.
Familiar	close friend.
Familiar	supposed attendant of a witch etc.
Familiar	Familiarly
Familiarize	make
Familiarize	conversant or well acquainted.
Family	set of relations, esp. Parents and children.
Family	a members of a household.
Family	person's children.
Family	all the descendants of a common ancestor.
Family	group of similar objects, people, etc.
Family	group of related genera of animals or plants.
Family	Pregnant.
Family allowance	Former name for *child benefit.
Family credit	regular state payment to a low-income family.
Family man	Man who has a wife and children, esp. One fond of family life.
Family name	Surname.
Family planning	Birth control.
Family tree	Genealogical chart.
Famine	Extreme scarcity, esp. Of food.
Famish	make or become extremely hungry.
Famish	Be very hungry.
Famous	celebrated; well-known.
Famous	Excellent.
Fan1	apparatus, usu. With rotating blades, for ventilation etc.
Fan1	folding semicircular device waved to cool oneself.
Fan1	thing spread out like a fan
Fan1	blow air on, with or as with a fan.
Fan1	blow gently on.
Fan1	spread out like a fan.
Fan2	Devotee of a particular activity, performer, etc.
Fanatic	Person obsessively devoted to a belief, activity, etc.
Fanatic	Excessively enthusiastic.
Fanatic	Fanatically
Fanatic	Fanaticism
Fan belt	Belt driving a fan to cool the radiator in a vehicle.
Fancier	Connoisseur
Fanciful	imaginary.
Fanciful	indulging in fancies.
Fan club	Club of devotees.
Fancy	inclination.
Fancy	whim.
Fancy	supposition.
Fancy	a faculty of imagination.
Fancy	mental image.
Fancy	ornamental.
Fancy	extravagant.
Fancy	be inclined to suppose.
Fancy	Feel a desire for
Fancy	Find sexually attractive.
Fancy	Value
Fancy	Unduly highly.
Fancy	Exclamation of surprise.
Fancy	imagine.
Fancy	(in sense
Fancy	). Fancily
Fancy	Fanciness
Fancy dress	Costume for masquerading at a party.
Fancy-free	Without
Fancy-free	commitments.
Fancy man	derog.
Fancy man	woman's lover.
Fancy man	pimp.
Fancy woman	derog. Mistress.
Fandango	lively spanish dance for two.
Fandango	music for this.
Fanfare	Short showy or ceremonious sounding of trumpets etc.
Fang	canine tooth, esp. Of a dog or wolf.
Fang	tooth of a venomous snake.
Fang	root of a tooth or its prong.
Fanlight	Small, orig. Semicircular, window over a door or another window.
Fan mail	Letters from fans.
Fanny	the female genitals.
Fanny	the buttocks.
Fantail	Pigeon with a broad tail.
Fantasia	Free or improvisatory musical or other composition, or one based on familiar tunes.
Fantasize	day-dream.
Fantasize	imagine; create a fantasy about.
Fantastic	Excellent, extraordinary.
Fantastic	extravagantly fanciful.
Fantastic	grotesque, quaint.
Fantasy	imagination, esp. When unrelated to reality
Fantasy	mental image, day-dream.
Fantasy	fantastic invention or composition.
Far	at, to, or by a great distance
Far	a long way
Far	in space or time
Far	to a great extent or degree; by much
Far	remote; distant
Far	more distant
Far	extreme
Far	right up to
Far	to the extent that. By far by a great amount.
Far	far cry a long way. Far from very different from being; almost the opposite of
Far	. Go far
Far	achieve much.
Far	contribute greatly. Go too far overstep the limit
Far	. So far
Far	to such an extent; to this point.
Far	until now. So
Far	far as
Far	to the extent that. So far so good satisfactory up to now.
Farad	Si unit of capacitance.
Far and away	By a very large amount.
Far and wide	Over a large area.
Far-away	remote.
Far-away	dreamy, distant.
Farce	a low comedy with a ludicrously improbable plot.
Farce	this branch of drama.
Farce	absurdly futile proceedings; pretence.
Fare	a price of a journey on public transport.
Fare	fare-paying passenger.
Fare	range of food.
Fare	progress; get on
Far east	china, japan, and other countries of e. Asia.
Fare-stage	section of bus etc. Route for which a fixed fare is charged.
Fare-stage	stop marking this.
Farewell	Goodbye.
Farewell	Leave-taking.
Far-fetched	Unconvincing, incredible.
Far-flung	widely scattered.
Far-flung	remote.
Far gone	Very ill, drunk, etc.
Farina	flour or meal of cereal, nuts, or starchy roots.
Farina	starch.
Farm	land and its buildings under one management for growing crops, rearing animals, etc.
Farm	such land etc. For a specified purpose
Farm	a use
Farm	for growing crops, rearing animals, etc.
Farm	be a farmer; work on a farm.
Farm	breed
Farm	Commercially.
Farm	delegate or subcontract
Farm	to others.
Farmer	Owner or manager of a farm.
Farm-hand	Worker on a farm.
Farmhouse	House attached to a farm.
Farmstead	Farm and its buildings.
Farmyard	Yard attached to a farmhouse.
Far-off	Remote.
Far-out	distant.
Far-out	avant-garde, unconventional.
Far-out	excellent.
Farrago	medley, hotchpotch.
Far-reaching	Widely influential or applicable.
Farrier	Smith who shoes horses.
Farrow	litter of pigs.
Farrow	birth of a litter.
Farrow	produce
Far-seeing	Showing foresight; wise.
Farsi	Modern persian language.
Far-sighted	having foresight, prudent.
Far-sighted	esp. Us
Fart	emit wind from the anus.
Fart	behave foolishly.
Fart	an emission of wind from the anus.
Fart	unpleasant or foolish person.
Farthing	Hist. Coin and monetary unit worth a quarter of an old penny.
Farthingale	Hist. Hooped petticoat.
Fasces	rom. Hist. Bundle of rods with a projecting axe-blade, as a magistrate's symbol of power.
Fasces	emblems of authority.
Fascia	a instrument panel of a vehicle.
Fascia	similar panel etc. For operating machinery.
Fascia	strip with a name etc. Over a shop-front.
Fascia	a long flat surface in classical architecture.
Fascia	flat surface, usu. Of wood, covering the ends of rafters.
Fascia	stripe or band.
Fascicle	Section of a book that is published in instalments.
Fascinate	capture the interest of; attract.
Fascinate	paralyse
Fascinate	with fear.
Fascism	extreme totalitarian right-wing nationalist movement in italy
Fascism	any similar movement.
Fascism	. Fascistic
Fashion	current popular custom or style, esp. In dress.
Fashion	manner of doing something.
Fashion	make or form.
Fashionable	following or suited to current fashion.
Fashionable	of or favoured by high society.
Fashionable	Fashionably
Fast1	rapid, quick-moving.
Fast1	capable of or intended for high speed
Fast1	Ahead of the correct time.
Fast1	Causing the ball to bounce quickly.
Fast1	firm; firmly fixed or attached
Fast1	not fading.
Fast1	pleasure seeking, dissolute.
Fast1	Needing only short exposure.
Fast1	quickly; in quick succession.
Fast1	firmly, tightly
Fast1	soundly, completely
Fast1	Perpetrate deceit.
Fast2	Abstain from food, or certain food, for a time.
Fast2	Act or period of fasting.
Fastback	car with a sloping rear.
Fastback	such a rear.
Fast breeder	reactor using fast neutrons.
Fasten	make or become fixed or secure.
Fasten	lock securely; shut in.
Fasten	direct
Fasten	Towards.
Fasten	a take hold of.
Fasten	single out.
Fasten	fix with a knot or stitches.
Fastening	Device that fastens something; fastener.
Fast food	Restaurant food that is quickly produced and served.
Fastidious	excessively discriminatory; fussy.
Fastidious	easily disgusted; squeamish.
Fastidious	Fastidiousness
Fastness	Stronghold.
Fast neutron	Neutron with high kinetic energy.
Fast worker	Person who rapidly makes esp. Sexual advances.
Fat	natural oily or greasy substance found esp. In animal bodies.
Fat	part of meat etc. Containing this.
Fat	corpulent; plump.
Fat	containing much fat.
Fat	fertile.
Fat	a thick
Fat	substantial
Fat	Iron. Very little; not much
Fat	make or become fat.
Fat	5). Live off
Fat	the fat of the land live luxuriously.
Fat	Fatness
Fat	Fattish
Fatal	causing or ending in death
Fatal	ruinous
Fatal	fateful.
Fatalism	belief in predetermination.
Fatalism	submissive acceptance.
Fatalism	Fatalistic
Fatalism	Fatalistically
Fatality	death by accident or in war etc.
Fatality	fatal influence.
Fatality	predestined liability to disaster.
Fate	supposed power predetermining events.
Fate	a the future so determined.
Fate	individual's destiny or fortune.
Fate	death, destruction.
Fate	preordain
Fate	(as fated
Fate	) Doomed.
Fateful	important, decisive.
Fateful	controlled by fate.
Fat-head	Stupid person.
Fat-headed	Stupid.
Father	male parent.
Father	(usu. In
Father	) Forefather.
Father	originator, early leader.
Father	early christian theologians.
Father	priest.
Father	first person of the trinity.
Father	venerable person, esp. As a title in personifications
Father	(usu. In
Father	) Elders
Father	beget.
Father	originate
Father	Fatherless
Father-figure	Older man respected and trusted like a father.
Father-in-law	father of one's husband or wife.
Fatherland	One's native country.
Fatherly	Like or of a father.
Father's day	Day on which cards and presents are given to fathers.
Fathom	measure of six feet, esp. In depth soundings.
Fathom	comprehend.
Fathom	measure the depth of
Fathomless	Too deep to fathom.
Fatigue	extreme tiredness.
Fatigue	weakness in metals etc. Caused by repeated stress.
Fatigue	a non-military army duty.
Fatigue	) Clothing worn for this.
Fatigue	cause fatigue in.
Fatstock	Livestock fattened for slaughter.
Fatten	Make or become fat.
Fatty	like or containing fat.
Fatty acid	Organic compound consisting of a hydrocarbon chain and a terminal carboxyl group.
Fatuous	Vacantly silly; purposeless, idiotic.
Fatuous	. Fatuously
Fatuous	Fatuousness
Fatwa	Legal decision or ruling by an islamic religious leader.
Faucet	Esp. Us tap.
Fault	defect or imperfection of character, structure, appearance, etc.
Fault	responsibility for wrongdoing, error, etc.
Fault	break in an electric circuit.
Fault	transgression, offence.
Fault	a tennis etc. Incorrect service.
Fault	penalty for error.
Fault	break in rock strata.
Fault	find fault with; blame.
Fault	geol.
Fault	break the continuity of
Fault	show a fault.
Fault-finder	Complaining person.
Fault-finding	Continual criticism.
Faultless	Perfect.
Faulty	having faults; imperfect.
Faulty	Faultiness
Faun	Latin rural deity with goat's horns, legs, and tail.
Fauna	animal life of a region or period.
Faux pas	tactless mistake; blunder.
Favor	kind act
Favor	approval, goodwill; friendly regard
Favor	partiality.
Favor	badge, ribbon, etc., as an emblem of support.
Favor	regard or treat with favour or partiality.
Favor	support, promote, prefer.
Favor	be to the advantage of; facilitate.
Favor	tend to confirm
Favor	oblige.
Favor	(as favoured
Favor	) Having special advantages.
Favorable	well-disposed; propitious; approving.
Favorable	promising, auspicious.
Favorable	helpful, suitable.
Favorite	Preferred to all others
Favorite	favourite person or thing.
Favorite	sport competitor thought most likely to win.
Favoritism	unfair favouring of one person etc. At the expense of another.
Favour	kind act
Favour	approval, goodwill; friendly regard
Favour	partiality.
Favour	badge, ribbon, etc., as an emblem of support.
Favour	regard or treat with favour or partiality.
Favour	support, promote, prefer.
Favour	be to the advantage of; facilitate.
Favour	tend to confirm
Favour	oblige.
Favour	(as favoured
Favour	) Having special advantages.
Favour	approved of.
Favour	a in support of.
Favour	to the advantage of. Out of favour disapproved of.
Favourable	well-disposed; propitious; approving.
Favourable	promising, auspicious.
Favourable	helpful, suitable.
Favourite	Preferred to all others
Favourite	favourite person or thing.
Favourite	sport competitor thought most likely to win.
Favouritism	unfair favouring of one person etc. At the expense of another.
Fawn1	deer in its first year.
Fawn1	light yellowish brown.
Fawn1	Fawn-coloured.
Fawn1	Give birth to
Fawn2	behave servilely, cringe.
Fawn2	(of esp.
Fawn2	dog) show extreme affection.
Fax	transmission of an exact copy of a document etc. Electronically.
Fax	copy produced by this.
Fax	Transmit in this way.
Fay	Literary fairy.
Faze	(often as fazed
Faze	Disconcert, disorientate.
Fba	Fellow of the british academy.
Fbi	Federal bureau of investigation.
Fc	Football club.
Fco	Foreign and commonwealth office.
Fe	Further education.
Fe	Iron.
Fealty	hist. Fidelity to a feudal lord.
Fealty	allegiance.
Fear	a panic or distress caused by a sense of impending danger, pain, etc.
Fear	cause of this.
Fear	state of alarm
Fear	dread, awe
Fear	danger
Fear	feel fear about or towards.
Fear	feel anxiety about
Fear	foresee or expect with unease, fear, or regret
Fear	shrink from
Fear	revere
Fear	Certainly not!
Fearful	afraid.
Fearful	terrible, awful.
Fearful	Extreme, esp. Unpleasant
Fearful	Fearfulness
Fearless	not afraid, brave.
Fearless	Fearlessness
Fearsome	Frightening.
Feasible	Practicable, possible.
Feasible	Feasibly
Feast	large or sumptuous meal.
Feast	sensual or mental pleasure.
Feast	religious festival.
Feast	annual village festival.
Feast	partake of a feast; eat and drink sumptuously.
Feast	regale.
Feat	Remarkable act or achievement.
Feather	one of the structures forming a bird's plumage, with a horny stem and fine strands.
Feather	plumage.
Feather	game-birds.
Feather	cover or line with feathers.
Feather	turn
Feather	edgeways through the air.
Feather	In good spirits.
Feather bed	Bed with a feather-stuffed mattress.
Feather-bed	cushion, esp. Financially.
Feather-brain	silly or absent-minded person.
Feathering	bird's plumage.
Feathering	feathers of an arrow.
Feathering	feather-like structure or marking.
Featherweight	a weight in certain sports between bantamweight and lightweight, in amateur boxing
Featherweight	4–7kg.
Featherweight	sportsman of this weight.
Featherweight	very light person or thing.
Featherweight	(usu.
Featherweight	) Unimportant thing.
Feature	distinctive or characteristic part of a thing.
Feature	(usu. In
Feature	) Part of the face.
Feature	article in a newspaper etc.
Feature	main film in a cinema programme.
Feature	make a special display of; emphasize.
Feature	have as or be a central participant or topic in a film, broadcast, etc.
Feb.	February.
Febrifuge	Medicine or treatment for fever.
Febrile	Of fever; feverish.
February	second month of the year.
Feces	pl.
Feces	waste matter discharged from the bowels.
Feckless	feeble, ineffective.
Feckless	unthinking, irresponsible.
Fecund	prolific, fertile.
Fecund	fertilizing.
Fecundate	make fruitful.
Fecundate	fertilize.
Federal	of a system of government in which self-governing states unite for certain functions etc.
Federal	of such a federation
Federal	of or favouring centralized government.
Federal	us of the northern states in the civil war.
Federal	comprising an association of largely independent units.
Federal	Federalist
Federal	Federalize
Federal	. Federalization
Federal	Federally
Federal reserve	reserve cash available to banks.
Federate	unite on a federal basis.
Federate	Federally organized.
Federation	federal group.
Federation	act of federating.
Fee	payment made for professional advice or services etc.
Fee	a charge for a privilege, examination, admission to a society, etc.
Fee	money paid for the transfer to another employer of a footballer etc.
Fee	(in
Fee	) Regular payments
Fee	law inherited estate, unlimited
Fee	or limited
Fee	as to category of heir.
Feeble	weak, infirm.
Feeble	lacking strength, energy, or effectiveness.
Feeble-minded	Mentally deficient.
Feeble-minded	Mentally deficient.
Feed	(past and
Feed	Fed)
Feed	a supply with food.
Feed	put food into the mouth of.
Feed	give as food, esp. To animals.
Feed	(esp. Of animals, or
Feed	Of people) eat.
Feed	nourish or be nourished by; benefit from.
Feed	a keep
Feed	Supplied with fuel etc.
Feed	supply
Feed	to a machine etc.
Feed	Flow into a lake etc.
Feed	keep
Feed	supplied with coins to ensure continuity.
Feed	supply
Feed	With cues.
Feed	sport send passes to
Feed	gratify
Feed	provide
Feed	To.
Feed	food, esp. For animals or infants.
Feed	feeding; giving of food.
Feed	Meal.
Feed	a raw material for a machine etc.
Feed	provision of or device for this.
Feedback	public response to an event, experiment, etc.
Feedback	electronics a return of a fraction of an output signal to the input.
Feedback	signal so returned.
Feeder	person or thing that feeds, esp. In specified manner.
Feeder	baby's feeding-bottle.
Feeder	bib.
Feeder	tributary stream.
Feeder	branch road, railway line, etc. Linking with a main system.
Feeder	main carrying electricity to a distribution point.
Feeder	feeding apparatus in a machine.
Feel	(past and
Feel	Felt)
Feel	a examine or search by touch.
Feel	Have the sensation of touch
Feel	perceive or ascertain by touch
Feel	experience, exhibit, or be affected by
Feel	have an impression
Feel	consider, think
Feel	seem
Feel	be consciously; consider oneself
Feel	have sympathy or pity.
Feel	fondle sexually.
Feel	feeling; testing by touch.
Feel	sensation characterizing a material, situation, etc.
Feel	sense of touch.
Feeler	organ in certain animals for touching or searching for food.
Feeler	tentative proposal
Feeling	a capacity to feel; sense of touch
Feeling	physical sensation.
Feeling	emotional reaction
Feeling	) Emotional susceptibilities
Feeling	particular sensitivity
Feeling	a opinion or notion
Feeling	general sentiment.
Feeling	sympathy or compassion.
Feeling	emotional sensibility or intensity
Feeling	Sensitive, sympathetic; heartfelt.
Feet	Of *foot.
Feign	Simulate; pretend
Feint	sham attack or diversionary blow.
Feint	pretence.
Feint	Make a feint.
Feldspar	common aluminium silicate of potassium, sodium, or calcium.
Felicitate	formal congratulate.
Felicitate	(usu. In
Felicitous	Formal apt; pleasantly ingenious; well-chosen.
Felicity	formal
Felicity	intense happiness.
Felicity	a capacity for apt expression.
Felicity	well-chosen phrase.
Feline	of the cat family.
Feline	catlike.
Feline	Animal of the cat family.
Fell2	cut down (esp.
Fell2	tree).
Fell2	strike or knock down.
Fell2	stitch down
Fell3	engl.
Fell3	hill.
Fell3	stretch of hills or moorland.
Fell4	Poet. Or rhet. Ruthless, destructive.
Fell5	Animal's hide or skin with its hair.
Fellatio	Oral stimulation of the penis.
Felloe	outer circle
Felloe	of a wheel.
Fellow	Man or boy
Fellow	(usu. In
Fellow	) Person in a group etc.; comrade
Fellow	counterpart; one of a pair.
Fellow	equal; peer.
Fellow	a incorporated senior member of a college.
Fellow	elected graduate paid to do research.
Fellow	member of a learned society.
Fellow	Of the same group etc.
Fellow-feeling	Sympathy.
Fellowship	friendly association with others, companionship.
Fellowship	body of associates.
Fellowship	status or income of a fellow of a college or society.
Fellow-traveller	person who travels with another.
Fellow-traveller	sympathizer with the communist party.
Felon	Person who has committed a felony.
Felony	serious, usu. Violent, crime.
Felt1	Cloth of matted and pressed fibres of wool etc.
Felt1	make into felt; mat.
Felt1	cover with felt.
Felt1	become matted.
Felt-tipped pen	pen with a fibre point.
Felucca	Small mediterranean coasting vessel with oars and/or sails.
Female	of the sex that can give birth or produce eggs.
Female	fruit-bearing.
Female	of women or female animals or plants.
Female	Hollow to receive an inserted part.
Female	Female person, animal, or plant.
Feminine	of women.
Feminine	having womanly qualities.
Feminine	of or denoting the female gender.
Feminine	Feminine gender or word.
Feminism	Advocacy of women's rights and sexual equality.
Femme fatale	dangerously seductive woman.
Femur	thigh-bone.
Fen	low marshy land.
Fen	low-lying areas in cambridgeshire etc.
Fence	barrier, railing, etc., enclosing a field, garden, etc.
Fence	large upright jump for horses.
Fence	receiver of stolen goods.
Fence	guard or guide in machinery.
Fence	surround with or as with a fence.
Fence	enclose, separate, or seal, with or as with a fence.
Fence	practise fencing with a sword.
Fence	be evasive.
Fence	deal in
Fencing	set of, or material for, fences.
Fencing	sword-fighting, esp. As a sport.
Fend	look after
Fend	ward off.
Fender	low frame bordering a fireplace.
Fender	Padding protecting a ship against impact.
Fender	us vehicle's bumper.
Fennel	Yellow-flowered fragrant herb used for flavouring.
Fenugreek	Leguminous plant with aromatic seeds used for flavouring.
Feral	wild; uncultivated.
Feral	escaped and living wild.
Feral	brutal.
Ferial	Eccl.
Ferial	not a festival or fast.
Ferment	excitement, unrest.
Ferment	a fermentation.
Ferment	fermenting-agent.
Ferment	undergo or subject to fermentation.
Ferment	excite; stir up.
Fermentation	breakdown of a substance by yeasts and bacteria etc., esp. Of sugar in making alcohol.
Fermentation	agitation, excitement.
Fermium	Transuranic artificial radioactive metallic element.
Fern	flowerless plant usu. Having feathery fronds.
Ferocious	Fierce, savage.
Ferocious	Ferocity
-ferous	Form
-ferous	forming adjectives with the sense ‘bearing’, ‘having’
Ferret	Small polecat used in catching rabbits, rats, etc.
Ferret	hunt with ferrets.
Ferret	Rummage; search out
Ferric	of iron.
Ferric	containing iron in a trivalent form.
Ferris wheel	Tall revolving vertical wheel with passenger cars in fairgrounds etc.
Ferro-	Form
Ferro-	iron.
Ferro-	containing iron.
Ferroconcrete	Reinforced concrete.
Ferroconcrete	Made of this.
Ferrous	containing iron.
Ferrous	containing iron in a divalent form.
Ferrule	ring or cap on the lower end of a stick, umbrella, etc.
Ferrule	band strengthening or forming a joint.
Ferry	boat or aircraft etc. For esp. Regular transport, esp. Across water.
Ferry	place or service of ferrying.
Ferry	convey or go in a ferry.
Ferry	Cross water regularly.
Ferry	transport, esp. Regularly, from place to place.
Fertile	abundantly productive.
Fertile	fruitful.
Fertile	Capable of growth.
Fertile	able to reproduce.
Fertile	inventive.
Fertile	able to become fissile by the capture of neutrons.
Fertilize	make
Fertilize	Fertile.
Fertilize	cause
Fertilize	To develop by mating etc.
Fertilizer	substance added to soil to make it more fertile.
Fervent	Ardent, intense
Fervent	Fervently
Fervid	Ardent, intense.
Fervor	passion, zeal.
Fervour	passion, zeal.
Fescue	pasture and fodder grass.
Festal	joyous, merry.
Festal	of a feast or festival.
Fester	make or become septic.
Fester	cause continuing anger or bitterness.
Fester	rot, stagnate.
Festival	day or period of celebration.
Festival	series of cultural events in a town etc.
Festive	of or characteristic of a festival.
Festive	joyous.
Festive	Festiveness
Festivity	gaiety, rejoicing.
Festivity	(in
Festivity	) Celebration; party.
Festoon	Curved hanging chain of flowers, leaves, ribbons, etc.
Festoon	adorn with or form into festoons; decorate elaborately.
Festschrift	collection of writings published in honour of a scholar.
Feta	Soft white esp. Ewe's-milk cheese made esp. In greece.
Fetch	go for and bring back
Fetch	be sold for
Fetch	cause
Fetch	To flow.
Fetch	draw
Fetch	, heave
Fetch	Give
Fetching	Attractive.
Fête	outdoor fund-raising event with stalls and amusements etc.
Fête	festival.
Fête	saint's day.
Fête	honour or entertain lavishly.
Fetid	stinking.
Fetish	psychol. Abnormal object of sexual desire.
Fetish	a object worshipped by primitive peoples.
Fetish	obsessional cause
Fetish	Fetishist
Fetish	Fetishistic
Fetlock	Back of a horse's leg above the hoof with a tuft of hair.
Fetter	shackle for the ankles.
Fetter	(in
Fetter	) Captivity.
Fetter	restraint.
Fetter	put into fetters.
Fetter	restrict.
Fettle	Condition or trim
Fetus	unborn mammalian offspring, esp.
Fetus	human embryo of eight weeks or more.
Feud1	Prolonged hostility, esp. Between families, tribes, etc.
Feud1	Conduct a feud.
Feudal	of, like, or according to the feudal system.
Feudal	reactionary
Feudal	Feudalistic
Feudal system	Medieval system of land tenure with allegiance and service due to the landowner.
Fever	a abnormally high temperature, often with delirium etc.
Fever	disease characterized by this
Fever	nervous excitement; agitation.
Fever	(esp. As fevered
Fever	) Affect with fever or excitement.
Feverfew	Aromatic bushy plant, used formerly to reduce fever, now to cure migraine.
Feverish	having symptoms of fever.
Feverish	excited, restless.
Feverish	Feverishness
Fever pitch	State of extreme excitement.
Few	Not many
Few	(as
Few	some but not many
Few	not many
Few	a the minority.
Few	the elect.
Few	Fairly large number. No fewer than as many as
Few	. Not a few a considerable number.
Few and far between	Scarce.
Fey	a strange, other-worldly; whimsical.
Fey	clairvoyant.
Fey	scot. Fated to die soon.
Fez	man's flat-topped conical red cap worn by some muslims.
Ff	Fortissimo.
Ff.	Following pages etc.
Fiancé	person one is engaged to.
Fiasco	ludicrous or humiliating failure or breakdown.
Fiat	authorization.
Fiat	decree.
Fib	Trivial lie.
Fib	tell a fib.
Fiber	thread or filament forming tissue or textile.
Fiber	piece of threadlike glass.
Fiber	substance formed of fibres, or able to be spun, woven, etc.
Fiber	structure; character
Fiber	roughage.
Fiberboard	board of compressed wood or other plant fibres.
Fiberglass	fabric made from woven glass fibres.
Fiberglass	plastic reinforced by glass fibres.
Fibre	thread or filament forming tissue or textile.
Fibre	piece of threadlike glass.
Fibre	substance formed of fibres, or able to be spun, woven, etc.
Fibre	structure; character
Fibre	roughage.
Fibreboard	board of compressed wood or other plant fibres.
Fibreglass	fabric made from woven glass fibres.
Fibreglass	plastic reinforced by glass fibres.
Fibre optics	pl. Optics using thin glass fibres, usu. For the transmission of modulated light to carry signals.
Fibril	Small fibre.
Fibroid	Of, like, or containing fibrous tissue or fibres.
Fibroid	Benign fibrous tumour growing in the womb.
Fibrosis	Thickening and scarring of connective tissue.
Fibrositis	Rheumatic inflammation of fibrous tissue.
Fibrous	Of or like fibres.
Fibula	small outer bone between the knee and the ankle.
-fic	forming adjectives meaning ‘producing’, ‘making’
-fication	forming nouns of action from verbs in -fy
Fiche	microfiche.
Fickle	Inconstant, changeable, disloyal.
Fickle	Fickly
Fiction	non-factual literature, esp. Novels.
Fiction	invented idea, thing, etc.
Fiction	generally accepted falsehood
Fiction	Fictionalize
Fictitious	Imaginary, unreal; not genuine.
Fiddle	Or derog. Stringed instrument played with a bow, esp.
Fiddle	violin.
Fiddle	Cheat or fraud.
Fiddle	fiddly task.
Fiddle	play restlessly.
Fiddle	move aimlessly; waste time.
Fiddle	adjust, tinker; tamper.
Fiddle	a cheat, swindle.
Fiddle	falsify.
Fiddle	get by cheating.
Fiddle	play
Fiddle	on the fiddle.
Fiddle-faddle	Trivial matters.
Fiddle-faddle	fuss, trifle.
Fiddle-faddle	Nonsense!
Fiddler	fiddle-player.
Fiddler	swindler, cheat.
Fiddler	small
Fiddler	American crab.
Fiddlesticks	Nonsense.
Fiddling	petty, trivial.
Fiddly	Awkward or tiresome to do or use.
Fidelity	faithfulness, loyalty.
Fidelity	strict accuracy.
Fidelity	precision in sound reproduction
Fidget	move or act restlessly or nervously.
Fidget	be or make uneasy.
Fidget	person who fidgets.
Fidget	(usu. In
Fidget	) Restless movements or mood.
Fiduciary	a of a trust, trustee, or trusteeship.
Fiduciary	held or given in trust.
Fiduciary	dependent on public confidence or securities.
Fiduciary	trustee.
Fie	expressing disgust, shame, etc.
Fief	land held under the feudal system or in fee.
Fief	person's sphere of operation.
Field	area of esp. Cultivated enclosed land.
Field	area rich in some natural product
Field	land for a game etc.
Field	participants in a contest, race, or sport, or all except those specified.
Field	cricket a the side fielding.
Field	fielder.
Field	expanse of ice, snow, sea, sky, etc.
Field	a battlefield.
Field	Light and mobile.
Field	area of activity or study
Field	physics a region in which a force is effective
Field	force exerted in this.
Field	0 range of perception
Field	wild
Field-day	exciting or successful time.
Field-day	military exercise or review.
Field events	pl. Athletic events other than races.
Fieldfare	Thrush with grey plumage.
Field-glasses	pl. Outdoor binoculars.
Field marshal	Army officer of the highest rank.
Field mouse	Small long-tailed rodent.
Field officer	Army officer of field rank.
Field of honour	Battlefield.
Field rank	Army rank above captain and below general.
Fieldsman	Cricket, baseball, etc. Member
Fieldsman	of the fielding side.
Field sports	pl. Outdoor sports, esp. Hunting, shooting, and fishing.
Field telegraph	Movable military telegraph.
Fieldwork	practical surveying, science, sociology, etc. Conducted in the natural environment.
Fieldwork	temporary fortification.
Fiend	evil spirit, demon.
Fiend	a wicked or cruel person.
Fiend	mischievous or annoying person.
Fiend	devotee
Fiend	difficult or unpleasant thing.
Fiend	Fiendishly
Fierce	violently aggressive or frightening.
Fierce	eager, intense.
Fierce	unpleasantly strong or intense
Fierce	Fierceness
Fiery	consisting of or flaming with fire.
Fiery	bright red.
Fiery	hot; burning.
Fiery	a flashing, ardent
Fiery	pugnacious; spirited
Fiery	Fieriness
Fiesta	Holiday, festivity, or religious festival.
Fifa	International football federation.
Fife	Small shrill flute used in military music.
Fifteen	one more than fourteen.
Fifteen	symbol for this
Fifteen	size etc. Denoted by fifteen.
Fifteen	team of fifteen players, esp. In rugby.
Fifteen	for persons of
Fifteen	5 and over.
Fifth	next after fourth.
Fifth	any of five equal parts of a thing.
Fifth	Interval or chord spanning five consecutive notes in a diatonic scale (e.g.
Fifth	to g).
Fifth column	Traitorous group within a country at war etc.
Fifty	five times ten.
Fifty	symbol for this
Fifty	(in
Fifty	) Numbers from
Fifty	0 to
Fifty	9, esp. The years of a century or of a person's life.
Fifty-fifty	Equal.
Fifty-fifty	Equally, half and half.
Fig1	soft pulpy fruit with many seeds.
Fig1	tree bearing figs.
Fig2	dress or equipment
Fig2	condition or form
Fig.	Figure.
Fig2	dress or equipment
Fig2	condition or form
Fig.	Figure.
Fight	(past and
Fight	Fought)
Fight	contend or contend with in war, battle, single combat, etc.
Fight	engage in
Fight	contend
Fight	; maintain
Fight	Against an opponent.
Fight	strive to achieve something or to overcome
Fight	make
Fight	by fighting.
Fight	a combat.
Fight	boxing-match.
Fight	battle.
Fight	conflict, struggle, or effort.
Fight	power or inclination to fight
Fight	counter-attack.
Fight	suppress
Fight	. Fight for
Fight	fight on behalf of.
Fight	fight to secure. Fight a losing battle struggle without hope of success. Fight off repel with effort. Fight out
Fight	settle by fighting. Fight shy of avoid. Put up a fight offer resistance.
Fighter	person or animal that fights.
Fighter	fast military aircraft designed for attacking other aircraft.
Fighting chance	Slight chance of success if an effort is made.
Fighting fit	Fit and ready; at the peak of fitness.
Fig-leaf	leaf of a fig-tree.
Fig-leaf	concealing device, esp. For the genitals (gen.
Fig-leaf	:7).
Figment	Invented or imaginary thing.
Figuration	a act or mode of formation; form.
Figuration	shape or outline.
Figuration	ornamentation.
Figurative	metaphorical, not literal.
Figurative	characterized by figures of speech.
Figurative	of pictorial or sculptural representation.
Figure	external form or bodily shape.
Figure	a silhouette, human form
Figure	person of a specified kind or appearance
Figure	a human form in drawing, sculpture, etc.
Figure	image or likeness.
Figure	two- or three-dimensional space enclosed by lines or surface
Figure	, e.g.
Figure	triangle or sphere.
Figure	a numerical symbol or number, esp.
Figure	–9.
Figure	amount; estimated value
Figure	) Arithmetical calculations.
Figure	diagram or illustration.
Figure	decorative pattern.
Figure	movement or sequence in a set dance etc.
Figure	Succession of notes from which longer passages are developed.
Figure	metaphor, hyperbole, etc.
Figure	appear or be mentioned, esp. Prominently.
Figure	represent pictorially.
Figure	imagine; picture mentally.
Figure	embellish with a pattern etc.
Figure	calculate; do arithmetic.
Figure	symbolize.
Figure	esp. Us a understand, consider. B
Figure	Make sense; be likely
Figurehead	nominal leader.
Figurehead	wooden bust or figure at a ship's prow.
Figure-skating	Skating in prescribed patterns.
Figurine	Statuette.
Filament	threadlike body or fibre.
Filament	conducting wire or thread in an electric bulb etc.
Filbert	the cultivated hazel with edible nuts.
Filbert	this nut.
Filch	Pilfer, steal.
File1	folder, box, etc., for holding loose papers.
File1	papers kept in this.
File1	computing collection of
File1	data stored under one name.
File1	line of people or things one behind another.
File1	place
File1	in a file or among
File1	records.
File1	submit
File1	send
File1	to a newspaper.
File1	walk in a line.
File2	Tool with a roughened surface for smoothing or shaping wood, fingernails, etc.
File2	smooth or shape with a file.
Filial	Of or due from a son or daughter.
Filibuster	obstruction of progress in a legislative assembly, esp. By prolonged speaking.
Filibuster	esp. Us person who engages in this.
Filibuster	Act as a filibuster
Filigree	fine ornamental work in gold etc. Wire.
Filigree	similar delicate work.
Filing	(usu. In
Filing	) Particle rubbed off by a file.
Filing cabinet	Cabinet with drawers for storing files.
Filipino	native or national of the philippines.
Filipino	Of the philippines or filipinos.
Fill	make or become full.
Fill	occupy completely; spread over or through.
Fill	block up
Fill	; drill and put a filling into
Fill	appoint a person to hold or
Fill	hold
Fill	hold
Fill	carry out or supply
Fill	occupy
Fill	be distended by wind.
Fill	(usu. As filling
Fill	satisfy, satiate.
Fill	as much as one wants or can bear
Fill	enough to fill something.
Fill	complete
Fill	a complete
Fill	Within an outline.
Fill	fill
Fill	in this way.
Fill	fill
Fill	Completely.
Fill	act as a substitute.
Fill	occupy oneself during
Fill	Inform
Fill	more fully.
Fill	thrash, beat. Fill out
Fill	enlarge to the required size.
Fill	become enlarged or plump.
Fill	us fill in
Fill	. Fill up
Fill	make or become completely full.
Fill	fill in
Fill	fill the petrol tank of
Filler	material used to fill a cavity or increase bulk.
Filler	small item filling space in a newspaper etc.
Fillet	a boneless piece of meat or fish.
Fillet	undercut of a sirloin.
Fillet	ribbon etc. Binding the hair.
Fillet	thin narrow strip or ridge.
Fillet	narrow flat band between mouldings.
Fillet	remove bones from
Fillet	or divide into fillets.
Fillet	bind or provide with fillet
Filling	Material that fills a tooth, sandwich, pie, etc.
Filling-station	Garage selling petrol etc.
Fillip	stimulus, incentive.
Fillip	flick with a finger or thumb.
Fillip	stimulate.
Fillip	flick.
Filly	young female horse.
Filly	Girl or young woman.
Film	thin coating or covering layer.
Film	strip or sheet of plastic etc. Coated with light-sensitive emulsion for exposure in a camera.
Film	a story, episode, etc., on film, with the illusion of movement.
Film	) The cinema industry.
Film	slight veil or haze etc.
Film	dimness or morbid growth affecting the eyes.
Film	make a photographic film of
Film	cover or become covered with or as with a film.
Film-goer	Person who frequents the cinema.
Filmsetting	Typesetting by projecting characters on to photographic film.
Filmsetting	Film-setter
Film star	Celebrated film actor or actress.
Film-strip	Series of transparencies in a strip for projection.
Filmy	thin and translucent.
Filmy	covered with or as with a film.
Filofax	Propr.
Filofax	type of loose-leaf personal organizer.
Filo pastry	leaved pastry like strudel pastry.
Filter	porous device for removing impurities etc. From a liquid or gas passed through it.
Filter	screen or attachment for absorbing or modifying light, x-rays, etc.
Filter	device for suppressing unwanted electrical or sound waves.
Filter	arrangement for filtering traffic.
Filter	pass through a filter.
Filter	Make way gradually.
Filter	leak.
Filter	allow
Filter	or
Filter	be allowed to pass to the left or right at a junction.
Filter-paper	Porous paper for filtering.
Filter tip	filter on a cigarette removing some impurities.
Filter tip	cigarette with this.
Filth	repugnant or extreme dirt.
Filth	obscenity.
Filthy	extremely or disgustingly dirty.
Filthy	obscene.
Filthy	very unpleasant.
Filthy	filthily
Filthy	Extremely
Filthy	Filthiness
Filthy lucre	dishonourable gain.
Filthy lucre	joc. Money.
Filtrate	filter.
Filtrate	Filtered liquid.
Fin	flat external organ of esp. Fish, for propelling, steering, etc.
Fin	similar stabilizing projection on an aircraft, car, etc.
Fin	underwater swimmer's flipper.
Finagle	Act or obtain dishonestly.
Final	situated at the end, coming last.
Final	conclusive, decisive.
Final	last or deciding heat or game in sports etc.
Final	last daily edition of a newspaper.
Final	(usu. In
Final	) Examinations at the end of a degree course.
Final cause	Philos. Ultimate purpose.
Final clause	Clause expressing purpose.
Finale	Last movement or section of a piece of music or drama etc.
Finalist	Competitor in the final of a competition etc.
Finality	fact of being final.
Finality	final act etc.
Finalize	put into final form; complete.
Final solution	Nazi policy
Final solution	of exterminating european jews.
Finance	management of
Finance	money.
Finance	monetary support for an enterprise.
Finance	(in
Finance	) Money resources of a state, company, or person.
Finance	provide capital for.
Finance company	company providing money, esp. For hire-purchase transactions.
Financial	Of finance.
Financial year	Year as reckoned for taxing or accounting, esp. From
Financial year	april.
Financier	Capitalist; entrepreneur.
Finch	Small seed-eating bird, esp.
Finch	crossbill, canary, or chaffinch.
Find	(past and
Find	Found)
Find	a discover or get by chance or effort
Find	become aware of.
Find	a obtain, succeed in obtaining; receive
Find	summon up
Find	seek out and provide or supply
Find	discover by study etc.
Find	a perceive or experience
Find	discover to be present
Find	discover from experience
Find	law
Find	Decide and declare
Find	reach by a natural process
Find	discovery of treasure etc.
Find	valued thing or person newly discovered.
Find	become able to walk.
Find	develop independence. Find oneself
Find	discover that one is
Finder	person who finds.
Finder	small telescope attached to a large one to locate an object.
Finder	viewfinder.
Finding	(often in
Finding	) Conclusion reached by an inquiry etc.
Fine1	a of high quality; excellent
Fine1	good, satisfactory
Fine1	a pure, refined.
Fine1	containing a specified proportion of pure metal.
Fine1	imposing, dignified
Fine1	in good health
Fine1	Bright and clear.
Fine1	a thin; sharp.
Fine1	in small particles.
Fine1	worked in slender thread.
Fine1	euphemistic; flattering
Fine1	ornate, showy.
Fine1	fastidious, affectedly refined.
Fine1	finely.
Fine1	Very well
Fine1	make or become finer, thinner, more tapering, or less
Fine1	make or become clear
Fine1	Fineness
Fine2	Money to be paid as a penalty.
Fine2	punish by a fine
Fine arts	pl. Poetry, music, and the visual arts, esp. Painting, sculpture, and architecture.
Finery	Showy dress or decoration.
Fines herbes	pl. Mixed herbs used in cooking.
Fine-spun	delicate.
Fine-spun	Too subtle, unpractical.
Finesse	refinement.
Finesse	subtle manipulation.
Finesse	artfulness; tact.
Finesse	cards attempt to win a trick with a card that is not the highest held.
Finesse	use or achieve by finesse.
Finesse	cards a make a finesse.
Finesse	play
Finesse	as a finesse.
Fine-tooth comb	Comb with close-set teeth.
Fine-tune	Make small adjustments to
Finger	any of the terminal projections of the hand
Finger	part of a glove etc. For a finger.
Finger	finger-like object or structure
Finger	Small measure of liquor.
Finger	Touch, feel, or turn about with the fingers.
Finger	start to act. Lay a finger on touch, however slightly. Put one's finger on locate or identify exactly.
Finger-board	Part of the neck of a stringed instrument on which the fingers press to vary the pitch.
Finger-bowl	small bowl for rinsing the fingers during a meal.
Finger-dry	Dry and style
Finger-dry	by running one's fingers through it.
Fingering	technique etc. Of using the fingers, esp. In playing music.
Fingering	indication of this in a musical score.
Finger-mark	Mark left by a finger.
Fingernail	Nail of each finger.
Finger-plate	Plate fixed to a door to prevent finger-marks.
Fingerprint	Impression of a fingertip on a surface, used in detecting crime.
Fingerprint	Record the fingerprints of.
Finger-stall	Protective cover for an injured finger.
Fingertip	Tip of a finger.
Finial	Ornamental top or end of a roof, gable, etc.
Finicky	over-particular, fastidious.
Finicky	detailed; fiddly.
Finis	End, esp. Of a book.
Finish	bring or come to an end or the end of; complete; cease.
Finish	Kill; vanquish.
Finish	consume or complete consuming
Finish	treat the surface of
Finish	a end, last stage, completion.
Finish	point at which a race etc. Ends.
Finish	method, material, etc. Used for surface treatment of wood, cloth, etc.
Finishing-school	Private college preparing girls for fashionable society.
Finishing touch	final enhancing details.
Finite	limited; not infinite.
Finite	having a specific number and person.
Finn	Native or national of finland; person of finnish descent.
Finnan	smoke-cured haddock.
Finnic	Of the group of peoples or languages related to the finns or finnish.
Finnish	Of the finns or their language.
Finnish	Language of the finns.
Fino	light-coloured dry sherry.
Fiord	long narrow sea inlet, as in norway.
Fipple	Plug at the mouth-end of a wind instrument.
Fipple flute	Flute played by blowing endwise, e.g.
Fipple flute	recorder.
Fir	evergreen coniferous tree with needles growing singly on the stems.
Fir	its wood.
Fir-cone	Fruit of the fir.
Fire	a combustion of substances with oxygen, giving out light and heat.
Fire	flame or incandescence.
Fire	destructive burning
Fire	a burning fuel in a grate, furnace, etc.
Fire	firing of guns.
Fire	a fervour, spirit, vivacity.
Fire	poetic inspiration.
Fire	burning heat, fever.
Fire	a shoot
Fire	shoot a gun or missile etc.
Fire	produce
Fire	By shooting guns etc.
Fire	Be discharged.
Fire	explode or kindle
Fire	deliver or utter rapidly
Fire	dismiss
Fire	set fire to intentionally.
Fire	catch fire.
Fire	undergo ignition.
Fire	0 supply
Fire	With fuel.
Fire	1 stimulate; enthuse.
Fire	2 bake, dry, or cure
Fire	3 become or cause to become heated, excited, red, or glowing.
Fire	Begin; go ahead. On fire
Fire	burning.
Fire	excited. Set fire to
Fire	ignite, kindle. Set the world
Fire	on fire do something remarkable or sensational. Under fire
Fire	being shot at.
Fire	being rigorously criticized or questioned.
Fire-alarm	Device warning of fire.
Fire and brimstone	Supposed torments of hell.
Firearm	(usu. In
Firearm	) Gun, pistol, or rifle.
Fire-ball	large meteor.
Fire-ball	ball of flame or lightning.
Fire-ball	energetic person.
Fire-bomb	Incendiary bomb.
Firebox	Place where fuel is burned in a steam engine or boiler.
Firebrand	piece of burning wood.
Firebrand	person causing trouble or unrest.
Fire-break	Obstacle to the spread of fire in a forest etc., esp. An open space.
Fire-brick	Fireproof brick in a grate.
Fire brigade	Body of professional firefighters.
Fireclay	Clay used to make fire-bricks.
Firecracker	Us explosive firework.
Firedamp	Miners' name for methane, which is explosive when mixed with air.
Firedog	Andiron.
Fire door	Fire-resistant door preventing the spread of fire.
Fire-drill	Rehearsal of the procedures to be used in case of fire.
Fire-eater	conjuror who appears to swallow fire.
Fire-eater	quarrelsome person.
Fire-engine	Vehicle carrying hoses, firefighters, etc.
Fire-escape	Emergency staircase etc. For use in a fire.
Fire extinguisher	Apparatus discharging foam etc. To extinguish a fire.
Firefly	Beetle emitting phosphorescent light, e.g. The glow-worm.
Fire-guard	Protective screen placed in front of a fireplace.
Fire-irons	pl. Tongs, poker, and shovel for a domestic fire.
Firelight	Light from a fire in a fireplace.
Fire-lighter	Inflammable material used to start a fire in a grate.
Fireman	member of a fire brigade.
Fireman	person who tends a steam engine or steamship furnace.
Fireplace	place for a domestic fire, esp.
Fireplace	recess in a wall.
Fireplace	structure surrounding this.
Fire-power	Destructive capacity of guns etc.
Fire-practice	Fire-drill.
Fireproof	Able to resist fire or great heat.
Fireproof	Make fireproof.
Fire-raiser	Arsonist.
Fire-screen	ornamental screen for a fireplace.
Fire-screen	screen against the direct heat of a fire.
Fire-screen	fire-guard.
Fire-ship	Hist. Ship set on fire and directed against an enemy's ships etc.
Fireside	area round a fireplace.
Fireside	home or home-life.
Fire station	Headquarters of a fire brigade.
Fire-storm	High wind or storm following a fire caused by bombs.
Fire-trap	Building without fire-escapes etc.
Fire-watcher	Person keeping watch for fires, esp. Those caused by bombs.
Fire-water	Strong alcoholic liquor.
Firewood	Wood as fuel.
Firework	device that burns or explodes spectacularly when lit.
Firework	(in
Firework	) Outburst of passion, esp. Anger.
Firing	discharge of guns.
Firing	fuel.
Firing-line	front line in a battle.
Firing-line	centre of activity etc.
Firing-squad	soldiers ordered to shoot a condemned person.
Firing-squad	group firing the salute at a military funeral.
Firm1	a solid or compact.
Firm1	fixed, stable, steady.
Firm1	a resolute, determined.
Firm1	steadfast, constant
Firm1	Definite; not conditional.
Firm1	Firmly
Firm1	make or become firm, secure, compact, or solid.
Firm1	Firmness
Firm2	Business concern or its partners.
Firmament	Literary the sky regarded as a vault or arch.
Firmware	Computing permanent kind of software.
First	earliest in time or order
First	foremost in rank or importance
First	most willing or likely
First	basic or evident
First	person or thing first mentioned or occurring.
First	first occurrence of something notable.
First	place in the first class in an examination.
First	first gear.
First	a first place in a race.
First	winner of this.
First	before any other person or thing
First	before someone or something else
First	for the first time
First	in preference; rather
First aid	Emergency medical treatment.
First-born	Eldest.
First-born	Person's eldest child.
First class	best group or category.
First class	best accommodation in a train, ship, etc.
First class	mail given priority.
First class	highest division in an examination.
First class	of or by the first class.
First class	excellent.
First-day cover	Envelope with stamps postmarked on their first day of issue.
First-degree	Denoting non-serious surface burns.
First finger	Finger next to the thumb.
First floor	floor above the ground floor.
First-fruit	(usu. In
First-fruit	first agricultural produce of a season, esp. As offered to god.
First-fruit	first results of work etc.
Firsthand	From the original source; direct.
First lady	wife of the president.
First light	Dawn.
Firstly	In the first place, first (cf. *first
First mate	second in command.
First name	Personal or christian name.
First night	First public performance of a play etc.
First offender	Criminal without previous convictions.
First post	bugle-call as a signal to retire for the night.
First-rate	excellent.
First-rate	Very well
First thing	Before anything else; very early.
Firth	narrow inlet of sea.
Firth	estuary.
Fiscal	Of public revenue.
Fiscal	legal official in some countries.
Fiscal	scot.
Fish1	vertebrate cold-blooded animal with gills and fins living wholly in water.
Fish1	any of various non-vertebrate animals living wholly in water, e.g. The cuttlefish, shellfish, and jellyfish.
Fish1	fish as food.
Fish1	Person of a specified, usu. Unpleasant, kind
Fish1	sign or constellation pisces.
Fish1	try to catch fish.
Fish1	fish in
Fish1	a search for.
Fish1	seek indirectly
Fish1	Retrieve with effort.
Fish2	Flat or curved plate of iron, wood, etc., used to strengthen a beam, joint, or mast.
Fish-bowl	glass bowl for pet fish.
Fish cake	Breaded cake of fish and mashed potato, usu. Fried.
Fisher	animal that catches fish.
Fisher	fisherman.
Fisherman	Man who catches fish as a livelihood or for sport.
Fishery	place where fish are caught or reared.
Fishery	industry of fishing or breeding fish.
Fish-eye lens	Very wide-angle lens with a highly-curved front.
Fish farm	Place where fish are bred for food.
Fish finger	Small oblong piece of fish in batter or breadcrumbs.
Fish-hook	Barbed hook for catching fish.
Fishing	Catching fish.
Fishing-line	Thread with a baited hook etc. For catching fish.
Fishing-rod	Tapering usu. Jointed rod for fishing.
Fish-kettle	Oval pan for boiling fish.
Fish-knife	Knife for eating or serving fish.
Fish-meal	Ground dried fish as fertilizer or animal feed.
Fishmonger	Dealer in fish.
Fishnet	(often
Fishnet	) Open-meshed fabric
Fish-plate	Flat piece of iron etc. Connecting railway rails or positioning masonry.
Fish-slice	Flat slotted cooking utensil.
Fishtail	Device etc. Shaped like a fish's tail.
Fishwife	-mannered or noisy woman.
Fishwife	woman who sells fish.
Fishy	of or like fish.
Fishy	dubious, suspect.
Fishy	Fishiness
Fissile	capable of undergoing nuclear fission.
Fissile	tending to split.
Fission	splitting of a heavy atomic nucleus, with a release of energy.
Fission	cell division as a mode of reproduction.
Fission	undergo fission.
Fission bomb	Atomic bomb.
Fissure	Crack or split, usu. Long and narrow.
Fissure	split, crack.
Fist	Tightly closed hand.
Fisticuffs	pl. Fighting with the fists.
Fistula	abnormal or artificial passage between an organ and the body surface or between two organs.
Fistula	Fistulous
Fit1	a well suited.
Fit1	qualified, competent, worthy.
Fit1	in suitable condition, ready.
Fit1	good enough
Fit1	in good health or condition.
Fit1	proper, becoming, right
Fit1	Be of the right shape and size for
Fit1	be correctly positioned
Fit1	find room for
Fit1	make suitable or competent; adapt
Fit1	supply.
Fit1	fix in place
Fit1	= fit on.
Fit1	befit, become
Fit1	Way in which a garment, component, etc., fits
Fit1	So that; likely
Fit1	be compatible; accommodate
Fit1	find space or time for
Fit1	. Fit on try on
Fit1	. Fit out
Fit1	equip. See
Fit1	fit
Fit1	Decide or choose
Fit1	Fitness
Fit2	sudden esp. Epileptic seizure with unconsciousness or convulsions.
Fit2	sudden brief bout or burst
Fit2	Be greatly surprised or outraged. In fits laughing uncontrollably.
Fitful	Spasmodic or intermittent.
Fitment	(usu. In
Fitment	) Fixed item of furniture.
Fitted	made to fit closely or exactly
Fitted	provided with built-in fittings etc.
Fitted	built-in
Fitter	mechanic who fits together and adjusts machinery.
Fitter	supervisor of the cutting, fitting, etc. Of garments.
Fitting	trying-on of a garment etc. For adjustment before completion.
Fitting	(in
Fitting	) Fixtures and fitments of a building.
Fitting	Proper, becoming, right.
Five	one more than four.
Five	symbol for this
Five	size etc. Denoted by five.
Five	set or team of five.
Five	five o'clock
Five	cricket hit scoring five runs.
Fivefold	five times as much or as many.
Fivefold	consisting of five parts.
Five o'clock shadow	Beard-growth visible in the latter part of the day.
Fiver	Five-pound note.
Fives	Game in which a ball is hit with a gloved hand or bat against the walls of a court.
Five-star	Of the highest class.
Fivestones	Jacks played with five pieces of metal etc. And usu. No ball.
Fix	make firm or stable; fasten, secure.
Fix	decide, settle, specify
Fix	mend, repair.
Fix	implant in the mind.
Fix	direct
Fix	Steadily, set.
Fix	attract and hold
Fix	single out with one's look etc.
Fix	place definitely, establish.
Fix	determine the exact nature, position, etc., of; refer
Fix	to a definite place or time; identify, locate.
Fix	a make
Fix	Rigid.
Fix	Become rigid.
Fix	Prepare
Fix	0 congeal or become congealed.
Fix	Punish, kill, deal with
Fix	bribe or threaten into supporting.
Fix	gain a fraudulent result of
Fix	inject a narcotic.
Fix	4 make
Fix	Fast or permanent.
Fix	Assimilate
Fix	Dilemma, predicament.
Fix	a finding one's position by bearings etc.
Fix	position found in this way.
Fix	dose of an addictive drug.
Fix	Be situated
Fix	. Fix on
Fix	choose, decide on. Fix up
Fix	arrange, organize.
Fix	accommodate.
Fix	provide
Fixate	direct one's gaze on.
Fixate	psychol.
Fixate	cause
Fixate	to become abnormally attached to a person or thing.
Fixation	state of being fixated.
Fixation	obsession, monomania.
Fixation	coagulation.
Fixation	process of assimilating a gas to form a solid compound.
Fixative	Tending to fix or secure.
Fixative	Fixative substance.
Fixedly	Intently.
Fixed star	Astron. Seemingly motionless star.
Fixer	person or thing that fixes.
Fixer	photog. Substance for fixing a photographic image etc.
Fixer	Person who makes esp. Illicit deals.
Fixings	pl. Us
Fixings	apparatus or equipment.
Fixings	trimmings for a dish, dress, etc.
Fixity	Fixed state; stability; permanence.
Fixture	a something fixed in position. B
Fixture	Seemingly immovable person or thing
Fixture	a sporting event, esp.
Fixture	match, race, etc.
Fixture	date agreed for this.
Fixture	(in
Fixture	) Articles attached to a house or land and regarded as legally part of it.
Fizz	make a hissing or spluttering sound.
Fizz	effervesce.
Fizz	effervescence.
Fizz	Effervescent drink, esp. Champagne.
Fizzle	make a feeble hiss.
Fizzle	Such a sound.
Fizzy	effervescent.
Fl.	floruit.
Fl.	fluid.
Flab	Fat; flabbiness.
Flabbergast	(esp. As flabbergasted
Flabbergast	Astonish; dumbfound.
Flabby	Limp; flaccid.
Flabby	feeble.
Flaccid	Limp, flabby, drooping.
Flag1	a usu. Oblong or square piece of cloth, attachable by one edge to a pole or rope as a country's emblem or standard, a signal, etc.
Flag1	small toy etc. Resembling a flag.
Flag1	adjustable strip of metal etc. Indicating a taxi's availability for hire.
Flag1	a grow tired; lag
Flag1	hang down; droop.
Flag1	mark out with or as if with a flag or flags.
Flag1	inform or communicate by flag-signals.
Flag2	flat usu. Rectangular paving stone.
Flag2	(in
Flag2	) Pavement of these.
Flag2	pave with flags.
Flag3	Plant with a bladed leaf
Flag-day	Fund-raising day for a charity, esp. With the sale of small paper flags etc. In the street.
Flagellant	Person who scourges himself, herself, or others as a religious discipline or as a sexual stimulus.
Flagellant	Of flagellation.
Flagellate	scourge, flog.
Flagellum	long lashlike appendage on some microscopic organisms.
Flagellum	runner; creeping shoot.
Flageolet	Small flute blown at the end.
Flag of convenience	Foreign flag under which a ship is registered, usu. To avoid regulations or financial charges.
Flag-officer	Admiral, vice admiral, or rear admiral, or the commodore of a yacht-club.
Flag of truce	White flag requesting a truce.
Flagon	large bottle, usu. Holding a quart
Flagon	, esp. Of wine, cider, etc.
Flagon	large vessel for wine etc., usu. With a handle, spout, and lid.
Flagrant	Blatant; notorious; scandalous.
Flagrant	Flagrantly
Flagship	ship with an admiral on board.
Flagship	leader in a category etc.; exemplar.
Flagstaff	Pole on which a flag may be hoisted.
Flag-waving	Populist agitation, chauvinism.
Flail	Wooden staff with a short heavy stick swinging from it, used for threshing.
Flail	wave or swing wildly.
Flail	beat with or as with a flail.
Flair	natural talent in a specific area
Flair	style, finesse.
Flak	anti-aircraft fire.
Flak	adverse criticism; abuse.
Flake	small thin light piece of snow etc.
Flake	thin broad piece peeled or split off.
Flake	dogfish etc. As food.
Flake	take off or come away in flakes.
Flake	sprinkle with or fall in flakes.
Flake	Fall asleep or drop from exhaustion; faint.
Flak jacket	Protective reinforced military jacket.
Flaky	of, like, or in flakes.
Flaky	esp. Us
Flaky	crazy, eccentric.
Flaky pastry	Crumblier version of puff pastry.
Flambé	covered with alcohol and set alight briefly
Flamboyant	ostentatious; showy.
Flamboyant	floridly decorated or coloured.
Flamboyant	Flamboyantly
Flame	a ignited gas.
Flame	portion of this
Flame	a bright light or colouring.
Flame	brilliant orange-red colour.
Flame	a strong passion, esp. Love
Flame	Sweetheart.
Flame	burn; blaze.
Flame	break out.
Flame	become angry.
Flame	shine or glow like flame.
Flamenco	style of spanish gypsy guitar music with singing.
Flamenco	dance performed to this.
Flame-thrower	Weapon for throwing a spray of flame.
Flaming	emitting flames.
Flaming	very hot
Flaming	passionate
Flaming	expressing annoyance
Flaming	bright-coloured.
Flamingo	tall long-necked wading bird with mainly pink plumage.
Flammable	Inflammable.
Flan	pastry case with a savoury or sweet filling.
Flan	sponge base with a sweet topping.
Flange	Projecting flat rim etc., for strengthening or attachment.
Flank	side of the body between ribs and hip.
Flank	side of a mountain, building, etc.
Flank	right or left side of an army etc.
Flank	be at or move along the side of
Flannel	a woven woollen usu. Napless fabric.
Flannel	) Flannel garments, esp. Trousers.
Flannel	face-cloth, esp. Towelling.
Flannel	nonsense; flattery.
Flannel	flatter.
Flannel	wash with a flannel.
Flannelette	Napped cotton fabric like flannel.
Flap	move or be moved up and down; beat.
Flap	Be agitated or panicky.
Flap	sway; flutter.
Flap	strike
Flap	With flat object; drive.
Flap	listen intently.
Flap	piece of cloth, wood, etc. Attached by one side esp. To cover a gap, e.g.
Flap	pocket-cover, the folded part of an envelope, a table-leaf.
Flap	motion of a wing, arm, etc.
Flap	Agitation; panic
Flap	aileron.
Flap	light blow with something flat.
Flapdoodle	Nonsense.
Flapjack	sweet oatcake.
Flapjack	esp. Us pancake.
Flapper	person apt to panic.
Flapper	(in the
Flapper	920s) young unconventional woman.
Flare	widen gradually
Flare	blaze brightly and unsteadily.
Flare	burst out, esp. Angrily.
Flare	a dazzling irregular flame or light.
Flare	sudden outburst of flame.
Flare	flame or bright light used as a signal or to illuminate a target etc.
Flare	a gradual widening, esp. Of a skirt or trousers.
Flare	) Wide-bottomed trousers.
Flare-path	Line of lights on a runway to guide aircraft.
Flare-up	Sudden outburst.
Flash	emit a brief or sudden light;
Flash	gleam.
Flash	send or reflect like a sudden flame
Flash	a burst suddenly into view or perception
Flash	move swiftly
Flash	a send
Flash	By radio, telegraph, etc.
Flash	signal to
Flash	with lights.
Flash	Show ostentatiously
Flash	indecently expose oneself.
Flash	sudden bright light or flame, e.g. Of lightning.
Flash	an instant
Flash	sudden brief feeling, display of wit, etc.
Flash	photog.
Flash	mil. Coloured cloth patch on a uniform.
Flash	bright patch of colour.
Flash	Gaudy; showy; vulgar
Flashback	Scene set in an earlier time than the main action.
Flash bulb	Photog. Bulb for a flashlight.
Flash-cube	Photog. Set of four flash bulbs in a cube, operated in turn.
Flasher	man who indecently exposes himself.
Flasher	automatic device for switching lights rapidly on and off.
Flash-gun	Device operating a camera flashlight.
Flashing	strip used to prevent water penetration at a roof joint etc.
Flash in the pan	Promising start followed by failure.
Flash-lamp	Portable flashing electric lamp.
Flashlight	light giving an intense flash, used for night or indoor photography.
Flashlight	us electric torch.
Flashpoint	temperature at which vapour from oil etc. Will ignite in air.
Flashpoint	point at which anger etc. Is expressed.
Flashy	showy; gaudy; cheaply attractive.
Flashy	Flashiness
Flask	narrow-necked bulbous bottle for wine etc. Or used in chemistry.
Flat1	a horizontally level.
Flat1	even; smooth; unbroken.
Flat1	level and shallow
Flat1	unqualified; downright
Flat1	a dull; lifeless; monotonous
Flat1	dejected.
Flat1	having lost its effervescence.
Flat1	Having exhausted its charge.
Flat1	below true or normal pitch
Flat1	having a flat or flats in the signature.
Flat1	semitone lower than b, e, etc.
Flat1	punctured; deflated.
Flat1	at full length; spread out
Flat1	completely, absolutely
Flat1	exactly
Flat1	Below the true or normal pitch
Flat1	flat part or thing
Flat1	level ground, esp.
Flat1	plain or swamp.
Flat1	note lowered a semitone below natural pitch.
Flat1	sign indicating this.
Flat1	flat racing or its season.
Flat1	theatr. Flat scenery on a frame.
Flat1	esp. Us
Flat1	Flat tyre.
Flat1	at top speed.
Flat1	using all one's strength etc. That's flat
Flat1	That is definite.
Flat1	Flatness
Flat1	Flattish
Flat2	Set of rooms, usu. On one floor, as a residence.
Flat-fish	Sole, plaice, etc. With both eyes on one side of a flattened body.
Flat foot	Foot with a flattened arch.
Flat-footed	having flat feet.
Flat-footed	uninspired.
Flat-footed	unprepared.
Flat-footed	resolute.
Flat-iron	Hist. Domestic iron heated on a fire etc.
Flatmate	Person sharing a flat.
Flat race	Horse race without jumps, over level ground.
Flat rate	Unvarying rate or charge.
Flat spin	aeron.
Flat spin	nearly horizontal spin.
Flat spin	State of panic.
Flatten	make or become flat.
Flatten	humiliate.
Flatten	knock down.
Flatter	compliment unduly, esp. For gain or advantage.
Flatter	congratulate or delude
Flatter	Enhance the appearance of
Flatter	cause to feel honoured.
Flatter	Flattering
Flatter	Flatteringly
Flattery	Exaggerated or insincere praise.
Flatulent	a causing intestinal wind.
Flatulent	caused by or suffering from this.
Flatulent	Inflated, pretentious.
Flatworm	Worm with a flattened body, e.g. Flukes.
Flaunt	Display proudly; show off; parade.
Flautist	Flute-player.
Flavor	mingled sensation of smell and taste
Flavor	characteristic quality
Flavor	slight admixture
Flavor	Give flavour to; season.
Flavor	Flavoursome
Flavoring	substance used to flavour food or drink.
Flavour	mingled sensation of smell and taste
Flavour	characteristic quality
Flavour	slight admixture
Flavour	Give flavour to; season.
Flavour	Flavoursome
Flavouring	substance used to flavour food or drink.
Flavour of the month	temporary trend or fashion.
Flaw1	imperfection; blemish.
Flaw1	crack, chip, etc.
Flaw1	invalidating defect.
Flaw1	Crack; damage; spoil.
Flaw1	Flawlessly
Flaw2	Squall of wind.
Flax	blue-flowered plant cultivated for its textile fibre and its seeds.
Flax	flax fibres.
Flaxen	of flax.
Flaxen	pale yellow.
Flax-seed	Linseed.
Flay	strip the skin or hide off, esp. By beating.
Flay	criticize severely.
Flay	peel off
Flay	extort money etc. From.
Flea	Small wingless jumping parasitic insect.
Fleabag	shabby or unattractive person or thing.
Flea-bite	bite of a flea.
Flea-bite	trivial injury or inconvenience.
Flea-bitten	bitten by or infested with fleas.
Flea-bitten	shabby.
Flea market	Street market selling second-hand goods etc.
Flea-pit	Dingy dirty cinema etc.
Fleck	small patch of colour or light.
Fleck	particle, speck.
Fleck	Mark with flecks.
Flection	bending or being bent, esp. Of a limb or joint.
Flection	bent part; curve.
Fledge	provide or deck
Fledge	With feathers.
Fledge	bring up
Fledge	until it can fly.
Fledge	(as fledged
Fledge	able to fly.
Fledge	independent; mature.
Fledgling	young bird.
Fledgling	inexperienced person.
Flee	(past and
Flee	Fled)
Flee	a run away
Flee	; leave abruptly
Flee	seek safety by fleeing.
Flee	vanish.
Fleece	a woolly coat of a sheep etc.
Fleece	wool sheared from a sheep at one time.
Fleece	thing resembling a fleece, esp. Soft fabric for lining etc.
Fleece	strip of money, valuables, etc.; swindle.
Fleece	shear
Fleece	cover as if with a fleece
Fleet	a warships under one commander-in-chief.
Fleet	nation's warships etc.; navy.
Fleet	number of vehicles in one company etc.
Fleet	Poet. Literary swift, nimble.
Fleeting	Transitory; brief.
Fleming	native of medieval flanders.
Fleming	member of a flemish-speaking people of
Fleming	And w. Belgium.
Flemish	Of flanders.
Flemish	Language of the flemings.
Flesh	a soft, esp. Muscular, substance between the skin and bones of an animal or a human.
Flesh	plumpness; fat.
Flesh	the body, esp. As sinful.
Flesh	pulpy substance of a fruit etc.
Flesh	a visible surface of the human body.
Flesh	yellowish pink colour.
Flesh	animal or human life.
Flesh and blood	the body or its substance.
Flesh and blood	humankind.
Flesh and blood	human nature, esp. As fallible.
Flesh and blood	Real, not imaginary.
Fleshly	bodily; sensual.
Fleshly	mortal.
Fleshly	worldly.
Fleshpots	pl. Luxurious living.
Flesh-wound	Superficial wound.
Fleshy	of flesh; plump, pulpy.
Fleur-de-lis	iris flower.
Fleur-de-lis	heraldry a lily of three petals.
Fleur-de-lis	former royal arms of france.
Flews	pl. Hanging lips of a bloodhound etc.
Flex1	bend
Flex1	Or be bent.
Flex1	move
Flex1	or
Flex1	be moved to bend a joint.
Flex2	Flexible insulated electric cable.
Flexible	capable of bending without breaking; pliable.
Flexible	manageable.
Flexible	adaptable; variable
Flexible	Flexibly
Flexion	bending or being bent, esp. Of a limb or joint.
Flexion	bent part; curve.
Flexitime	System of flexible working hours.
Flibbertigibbet	Gossiping, frivolous, or restless person.
Flick	a light sharp blow with a whip etc.
Flick	sudden release of a bent digit, esp. To propel a small object.
Flick	sudden movement or jerk, esp. Of the wrist in throwing etc.
Flick	cinema film.
Flick	; prec. By the) the cinema.
Flick	strike or move with a flick
Flick	give a flick with
Flick	turn over
Flick	a turn over the pages etc. Of, by a rapid movement of the fingers.
Flick	glance through
Flicker	shine or burn unsteadily.
Flicker	flutter.
Flicker	Waver.
Flicker	flickering movement or light.
Flicker	brief spell
Flick-knife	Knife with a blade that springs out when a button is pressed.
Flight1	a act or manner of flying.
Flight1	movement or passage through the air.
Flight1	a journey through the air or in space.
Flight1	timetabled airline journey.
Flight1	flock of birds, insects, etc.
Flight1	series, esp. Of stairs.
Flight1	imaginative excursion or sally
Flight1	volley
Flight1	tail of a dart.
Flight2	Fleeing, hasty retreat.
Flight bag	Small zipped shoulder bag for air travel.
Flight-deck	deck of an aircraft-carrier.
Flight-deck	control room of a large aircraft.
Flightless	Unable to fly.
Flight lieutenant	Raf officer next below squadron leader.
Flight path	Planned course of an aircraft etc.
Flight-recorder	Device in an aircraft recording technical details of a flight.
Flight sergeant	Raf rank next above sergeant.
Flighty	frivolous, fickle, changeable.
Flimsy	insubstantial, rickety
Flimsy	Unconvincing.
Flimsy	thin.
Flimsy	Flimsiness
Flinch	Draw back in fear etc.; wince.
Fling	(past and
Fling	Flung)
Fling	throw or hurl forcefully or hurriedly.
Fling	put on or take off
Fling	carelessly or rapidly.
Fling	put or send suddenly or violently
Fling	rush, esp. Angrily
Fling	discard rashly.
Fling	act of flinging; throw.
Fling	bout of wild behaviour.
Fling	whirling scottish dance, esp. The highland fling.
Flint	a hard grey siliceous stone.
Flint	piece of this, esp. As a primitive tool or weapon.
Flint	piece of hard alloy used to give a spark.
Flint	anything hard and unyielding.
Flintlock	Hist. Old type of gun fired by a spark from a flint.
Flip1	flick or toss
Flip1	So that it spins in the air.
Flip1	turn
Flip1	over; flick.
Flip1	= flip one's lid.
Flip1	act of flipping.
Flip1	Short trip.
Flip1	Glib; flippant.
Flip1	lose self-control; go mad. Flip through = flick through.
Flip2	drink of heated beer and spirit.
Flip chart	Large pad of paper on a stand.
Flip-flop	sandal with a thong between the toes.
Flippant	Frivolous; disrespectful; offhand.
Flippant	Flippantly
Flipper	broad flat limb of a turtle, penguin, etc., used in swimming.
Flipper	similar rubber foot attachment for underwater swimming.
Flipper	hand.
Flipping	expressing annoyance, or as an intensifier.
Flip side	reverse side of a gramophone record.
Flip side	reverse or less important side of something.
Flirt	try to attract sexually but without serious intent.
Flirt	superficially engage in; trifle.
Flirt	Person who flirts.
Flirt	Flirtatious
Flirt	Flirtatiously
Flirt	Flirtatiousness
Flit	move lightly, softly, or rapidly.
Flit	make short flights.
Flit	Disappear secretly to escape creditors etc.
Flit	Act of flitting.
Flitch	Side of bacon.
Flitter	Flit about; flutter.
Float	rest or move on the surface of a liquid.
Float	set
Float	afloat.
Float	move in a leisurely way.
Float	hover before the eye or mind.
Float	move or be suspended freely in a liquid or gas.
Float	a start or launch
Float	offer
Float	On the stock market.
Float	commerce cause or allow to have a fluctuating exchange rate.
Float	circulate or cause
Float	to circulate.
Float	thing that floats, esp.: a a raft.
Float	a light object as an indicator of a fish biting or supporting a fishing-net.
Float	a hollow structure enabling an aircraft to float on water.
Float	a floating device on water, petrol, etc., controlling the level.
Float	small esp. Electrically-powered vehicle or cart
Float	decorated platform or tableau on a lorry in a procession etc.
Float	a supply of loose change in a shop, at a fête, etc.
Float	petty cash.
Float	theatr. (in sing. Or
Float	) Footlights.
Float	tool for smoothing plaster.
Floating	Not settled; variable
Floating dock	Floating structure usable as a dry dock.
Floating kidney	Abnormally movable kidney.
Floating rib	Lower rib not attached to the breastbone.
Floating voter	Voter without fixed allegiance.
Floaty	light and airy.
Flocculent	Like or in tufts of wool etc.; downy.
Flock1	animals of one kind as a group or unit.
Flock1	large crowd of people.
Flock1	people in the care of a priest or teacher etc.
Flock1	congregate; mass; troop.
Flock2	lock or tuft of wool, cotton, etc.
Flock2	(also in
Flock2	; often
Flock2	) Wool-refuse etc. Used for quilting and stuffing.
Flock-paper	wallpaper with a raised flock pattern.
Floe	Sheet of floating ice.
Flog	a beat with a whip, stick, etc.
Flog	make work through violent effort
Flog	sell.
Flog	Talk about or promote at tedious length.
Flood	a overflowing or influx of water, esp. Over land; inundation.
Flood	the water that overflows.
Flood	outpouring; torrent
Flood	inflow of the tide (also in
Flood	: flood-tide).
Floodgate	gate for admitting or excluding water, esp. In a lock.
Floodgate	(usu. In
Floodgate	) Last restraint against tears, rain, anger, etc.
Floodlight	Large powerful light
Floodlight	to illuminate a building, sports ground, etc.
Floodlight	Illuminate with floodlights.
Flood-tide	Exceptionally high tide caused esp. By the moon.
Floor	lower supporting surface of a room.
Floor	a bottom of the sea, a cave, etc.
Floor	any level area.
Floor	all the rooms etc. On one level of a building; storey.
Floor	place where members sit and speak.
Floor	right to speak next in a debate
Floor	minimum of prices, wages, etc.
Floor	Ground.
Floor	provide with a floor; pave.
Floor	knock or bring
Floor	down.
Floor	Confound, baffle.
Floor	Overcome.
Floor	serve as the floor of
Floor	begin to dance.
Floor	speak in a debate.
Floorboard	Long wooden board used for flooring.
Floorcloth	Cloth for washing the floor.
Flooring	Material of which a floor is made.
Floor manager	Stage-manager of a television production.
Floor plan	Diagram of the rooms etc. On one storey.
Floor show	Nightclub entertainment.
Floozie	Esp. Disreputable girl or woman.
Flop	sway about heavily or loosely.
Flop	fall or sit etc. Awkwardly or suddenly.
Flop	fail; collapse
Flop	make a dull soft thud or splash.
Flop	flopping movement or sound.
Flop	failure.
Flop	With a flop.
Floppy	tending to flop; flaccid.
Floppy	computing flexible disc for the storage of data.
Flora	plant life of a region or period.
Flora	list or book of these.
Floral	Of, decorated with, or depicting flowers.
Florentine	Of florence in italy.
Florentine	Native or citizen of florence.
Floret	each of the small flowers making up a composite flower-head.
Floret	each stem of a head of cauliflower, broccoli, etc.
Floret	small flower.
Floribunda	Plant, esp.
Floribunda	rose, bearing dense clusters of flowers.
Florid	ruddy
Florid	elaborately ornate; showy.
Florid	Floridness
Florin	Hist.
Florin	british two-shilling coin now worth
Florin	0 pence.
Florin	english or foreign gold or silver coin.
Florist	Person who deals in or grows flowers.
Floruit	Flourished; lived and worked
Floruit	Period or date of working etc.
Floss	rough silk of a silkworm's cocoon.
Floss	silk thread used in embroidery.
Floss	Clean
Floss	with dental floss.
Flotation	launching or financing of a commercial enterprise etc.
Flotilla	small fleet.
Flotilla	fleet of small ships.
Flotsam	Wreckage found floating.
Flotsam and jetsam	odds and ends.
Flotsam and jetsam	vagrants.
Flounce1	go or move angrily or impatiently
Flounce1	Flouncing movement.
Flounce2	Frill on a dress, skirt, etc.
Flounce2	trim with flounces.
Flounder1	struggle helplessly as if wading in mud.
Flounder1	do a task clumsily.
Flounder1	Act of floundering.
Flounder2	edible european flat-fish.
Flounder2	American flat-fish.
Flour	meal or powder from ground wheat etc.
Flour	any fine powder.
Flour	Sprinkle with flour.
Flour	. Flouriness
Flourish	a grow vigorously; thrive.
Flourish	prosper.
Flourish	be in one's prime.
Flourish	wave, brandish.
Flourish	showy gesture.
Flourish	ornamental curve in handwriting.
Flourish	Ornate passage or fanfare.
Flout	Disobey
Flout	Contemptuously; mock; insult.
Flout	Flouting speech or act.
Flow	glide along as a stream.
Flow	Gush out; be spilt.
Flow	Circulate.
Flow	move smoothly or steadily.
Flow	Hang gracefully.
Flow	be caused by.
Flow	be in flood.
Flow	be plentiful.
Flow	be plentifully supplied with
Flow	a flowing movement or mass.
Flow	flowing liquid
Flow	outpouring; stream
Flow	rise of a tide or river
Flow chart	diagram of the movement or action in a complex activity.
Flower	part of a plant from which the fruit or seed is developed.
Flower	blossom, esp. Used for decoration.
Flower	plant cultivated for its flowers.
Flower	bloom or cause
Flower	to bloom; blossom.
Flower	reach a peak.
Flower-bed	Garden bed for flowers.
Flower people	Hippies with flowers as symbols of peace and love.
Flowerpot	Pot for growing a plant in.
Flower power	Peace and love, esp. As a political idea.
Flowers of sulphur	Fine powder produced when sulphur evaporates and condenses.
Flowery	florally decorated.
Flowery	High-flown; ornate.
Flowery	full of flowers.
Flowing	Fluent; easy.
Flowing	Smoothly continuous.
Flowing	Unconfined.
Flown	Of *fly1.
Flu	Influenza.
Fluctuate	vary irregularly; rise and fall.
Flue	smoke-duct in a chimney.
Flue	channel for conveying heat.
Fluent	Flowing, natural.
Fluent	verbally facile, esp. In a foreign language
Fluent	Fluently
Fluff	soft fur, feathers, or fabric particles etc.
Fluff	mistake in a performance etc.
Fluff	shake into or become a soft mass.
Fluff	Make a fluff; bungle.
Fluff	offens. Attractive woman.
Fluff	. Fluffiness
Flugelhorn	Valved brass wind instrument like a cornet.
Fluid	substance, esp.
Fluid	gas or liquid, whose shape is determined by its confines.
Fluid	fluid part or secretion.
Fluid	able to flow and alter shape freely.
Fluid	constantly changing
Fluid ounce	One-twentieth, or us one-sixteenth, of a pint.
Fluke1	Lucky accident
Fluke1	achieve by a fluke.
Fluke2	parasitic flatworm, e.g. The liver fluke.
Fluke2	flat-fish, esp.
Fluke2	flounder.
Fluke3	broad triangular plate on an anchor arm.
Fluke3	lobe of a whale's tail.
Flummery	flattery; nonsense.
Flummery	sweet dish made with beaten eggs, sugar, etc.
Flummox	Bewilder, disconcert.
Flunk	Fail
Flunkey	usu. Derog.
Flunkey	liveried footman.
Flunkey	toady; snob.
Flunkey	us cook, waiter, etc.
Fluoresce	be or become fluorescent.
Fluorescence	light radiation from certain substances.
Fluorescence	property of absorbing invisible light and emitting visible light.
Fluorescent	Of, having, or showing fluorescence.
Fluorescent lamp	esp. Tubular lamp or bulb radiating largely by fluorescence.
Fluoridate	add fluoride to
Fluoridate	, esp. To prevent tooth decay.
Fluoride	Binary compound of fluorine.
Fluorinate	introduce fluorine into
Fluorine	Poisonous pale-yellow gaseous element.
Fluorite	Mineral form of calcium fluoride.
Fluorocarbon	Compound of a hydrocarbon with fluorine atoms.
Flurry	gust or squall
Flurry	sudden burst of activity, excitement, etc.; commotion.
Flurry	confuse; agitate.
Flush1	blush, redden, glow warmly
Flush1	(usu. As flushed
Flush1	) Cause to glow or blush
Flush1	a cleanse
Flush1	By a flow of water.
Flush1	dispose of in this way.
Flush1	rush out, spurt.
Flush1	blush or glow.
Flush1	a rush of water.
Flush1	cleansing of a drain, lavatory, etc. Thus.
Flush1	rush of esp. Elation or triumph.
Flush1	freshness; vigour.
Flush1	sudden feeling of heat during menopause.
Flush1	feverish redness or temperature etc.
Flush1	level, in the same plane.
Flush1	Having plenty of money.
Flush2	Hand of cards all of one suit, esp. In poker.
Flush3	cause (esp.
Flush3	game-bird) to fly up.
Flush3	fly up and away.
Flush3	reveal.
Flush3	drive out.
Fluster	make or become nervous or confused
Fluster	bustle.
Fluster	Confused or agitated state.
Flute	a high-pitched woodwind instrument held sideways.
Flute	any similar wind instrument.
Flute	ornamental vertical groove in a column.
Flute	play, or play
Flute	On, the flute.
Flute	speak or sing etc. In a high voice.
Flute	make grooves in.
Flute	Fluty
Flute	(in sense
Flute	a of
Flutter	flap
Flutter	in flying or trying to fly.
Flutter	fall quiveringly
Flutter	wave or flap quickly.
Flutter	move about restlessly.
Flutter	Beat feebly or irregularly.
Flutter	act of fluttering.
Flutter	tremulous excitement
Flutter	small bet, esp. On a horse.
Flutter	abnormally rapid heartbeat.
Flutter	rapid variation of pitch, esp. Of recorded sound.
Fluvial	Of or found in rivers.
Flux	process of flowing or flowing out.
Flux	discharge.
Flux	continuous change
Flux	substance mixed with a metal etc. To aid fusion.
Fly1	(flies; past flew;
Fly1	Flown)
Fly1	Move through the air or space under control, esp. With wings.
Fly1	travel through the air or space.
Fly1	control the flight of or transport in
Fly1	a cause to fly or remain aloft.
Fly1	Wave or flutter.
Fly1	pass, move, or rise quickly.
Fly1	a flee; flee from. B
Fly1	Depart hastily.
Fly1	be driven, forced, or scattered
Fly1	a hasten or spring violently.
Fly1	attack or criticize fiercely.
Fly1	(usu. In
Fly1	concealing flap, esp. Over a trouser-fastening.
Fly1	this fastening.
Fly1	flap at a tent entrance.
Fly1	(in
Fly1	) Space above a stage where scenery and lighting are suspended.
Fly1	act of flying.
Fly1	Lose one's temper.
Fly2	insect with two usu. Transparent wings.
Fly2	other winged insect, e.g.
Fly2	firefly.
Fly2	disease of plants or animals caused by flies.
Fly2	fly as bait in fishing.
Fly2	. No flies on
Fly2	very astute.
Fly3	knowing, clever, alert.
Fly-away	fine and difficult to control.
Fly-blown	Tainted, esp. By flies.
Fly-by-night	Unreliable.
Fly-by-night	Unreliable person.
Flycatcher	Bird catching insects during short flights from a chosen perch.
Flyer	airman or airwoman.
Flyer	thing that flies in a specified way
Flyer	fast-moving animal or vehicle.
Flyer	ambitious or outstanding person.
Flyer	small handbill.
Fly-fish	Fish with a fly.
Fly-half	Rugby stand-off half.
Flying	fluttering, waving, or hanging loose.
Flying	hasty, brief
Flying	designed for rapid movement.
Flying	leaping with winglike membranes etc.
Flying	Flight, esp. In an aircraft.
Flying boat	Boatlike seaplane.
Flying buttress	buttress running from the upper part of a wall to an outer support and transmitting the thrust of the roof or vault.
Flying doctor	Doctor who uses an aircraft to visit patients.
Flying fish	Tropical fish with winglike fins for gliding through the air.
Flying fox	Fruit-eating bat with a foxlike head.
Flying officer	Raf rank next below flight lieutenant.
Flying picket	Mobile industrial strike picket.
Flying saucer	Supposed alien spaceship.
Flying squad	Rapidly mobile police detachment etc.
Flying start	start
Flying start	In which the starting-point is crossed at full speed.
Flying start	vigorous start
Fly in the ointment	Minor irritation or setback.
Flyleaf	Blank leaf at the beginning or end of a book.
Fly on the wall	Unnoticed observer.
Flyover	Bridge carrying one road or railway over another.
Fly-paper	Sticky treated paper for catching flies.
Fly-past	Ceremonial flight of aircraft.
Fly-post	Fix
Fly-post	Illegally on walls etc.
Flysheet	canvas cover over a tent for extra protection.
Flysheet	short tract or circular.
Fly-tip	Illegally dump
Fly-trap	Plant that catches flies.
Flyweight	weight in certain sports between light flyweight and bantamweight, in amateur boxing
Flyweight	8–51 kg.
Flyweight	sportsman of this weight.
Flywheel	Heavy wheel on a revolving shaft to regulate machinery or accumulate power.
Fm	field marshal.
Fm	frequency modulation.
Fm	Fermium.
F-number	Ratio of the focal length to the effective diameter of a camera lens.
Fo	Flying officer.
Foal	Young of a horse or related animal.
Foal	Give birth to
Foam	mass of small bubbles formed on or in liquid by agitation, fermentation, etc.
Foam	froth of saliva or sweat.
Foam	substance resembling these, e.g. Spongy rubber or plastic.
Foam	Emit or run with foam; froth.
Fob1	chain of a pocket-watch.
Fob1	small pocket for a watch etc.
Fob1	tab on a key-ring.
Fob2	deceive into accepting something inferior.
Fob2	offload
Focal	Of or at a focus.
Focal distance	distance between the centre of a mirror or lens and its focus.
Focal point	centre of interest or activity.
Focus	a point at which rays or waves meet after reflection or refraction.
Focus	point from which rays etc. Appear to proceed.
Focus	a point at which an object must be situated for a lens or mirror to give a well-defined image.
Focus	adjustment of the eye or a lens to give a clear image.
Focus	state of clear definition
Focus	bring into focus.
Focus	adjust the focus of
Focus	concentrate or be concentrated on.
Focus	converge or make converge to a focus.
Fodder	Dried hay or straw etc. As animal food.
Foe	Friends of the earth.
Foe	Esp. Poet. Enemy.
Foetus	unborn mammalian offspring, esp.
Foetus	human embryo of eight weeks or more.
Fog	thick cloud of water droplets or smoke suspended at or near the earth's surface.
Fog	cloudiness on a photographic negative etc.
Fog	uncertain or confused position or state.
Fog	cover or become covered with or as with fog.
Fog	perplex.
Fog-bank	Mass of fog at sea.
Fog-bound	Unable to travel because of fog.
Foggy	full of fog.
Foggy	of or like fog.
Foggy	vague, indistinct.
Foggy	Have no idea at all.
Foghorn	horn warning ships in fog.
Foghorn	Loud penetrating voice.
Fog-lamp	Powerful lamp for use in fog.
Fogy	dull old-fashioned person
Foible	Minor weakness or idiosyncrasy.
Foil1	Frustrate, baffle, defeat.
Foil2	metal rolled into a very thin sheet.
Foil2	person or thing setting off another to advantage.
Foil3	Light blunt fencing sword.
Foist	force
Foist	on to an unwilling person.
Fold1	a bend or close
Fold1	over upon itself.
Fold1	bend part of
Fold1	become or be able to be folded.
Fold1	make compact by folding.
Fold1	Collapse, cease to function.
Fold1	enfold
Fold1	clasp
Fold1	mix
Fold1	gently.
Fold1	folding.
Fold1	line made by folding.
Fold1	folded part.
Fold1	hollow among hills.
Fold1	curvature of geological strata.
Fold2	religious group or congregation.
Fold2	Enclose
Fold2	in a fold.
-fold	forming adjectives and adverbs from cardinal numbers, meaning:
-fold	in an amount multiplied by
-fold	with so many parts
Folder	Folding cover or holder for loose papers.
Foliaceous	of or like leaves.
Foliaceous	laminated.
Foliage	Leaves, leafage.
Foliar	Of leaves.
Foliar feed	Fertilizer supplied to the leaves of plants.
Foliate	leaflike.
Foliate	having leaves.
Foliate	split or beat into thin layers.
Folio	leaf of paper etc., esp. Numbered only on the front.
Folio	sheet of paper folded once making two leaves of a book.
Folio	book of such sheets.
Folio	made of folios, of the largest size.
Folk	(treated as
Folk	) People in general or of a specified class
Folk	(in
Folk	one's parents or relatives.
Folk	people or nation.
Folk	Traditional music or modern music in this style.
Folk	Of popular origin
Folk-dance	Dance of popular origin.
Folklore	Traditional beliefs and stories of a people; the study of these.
Folk-singer	Singer of folk-songs.
Folk-song	Song of popular or traditional origin or style.
Folksy	of or like folk art, culture, etc.
Folksy	friendly, unpretentious.
Folk-tale	Traditional story.
Folkweave	Rough loosely woven fabric.
Follicle	Small sac or vesicle in the body, esp. One containing a hair-root.
Follow	go or come after
Follow	go along
Follow	come after in order or time
Follow	take as a guide or leader.
Follow	conform to.
Follow	practise
Follow	undertake
Follow	understand
Follow	take an interest in
Follow	provide with a sequel or successor.
Follow	1 happen after something else; ensue.
Follow	2 a be necessarily true as a consequence.
Follow	result.
Follow	continue.
Follow	have to bat twice in succession. Follow out carry out
Follow	. Follow suit
Follow	play a card of the suit led.
Follow	conform to another's actions. Follow through
Follow	continue to a conclusion.
Follow	continue the movement of a stroke after hitting the ball. Follow up
Follow	develop, supplement.
Follow	investigate further.
Follower	supporter or devotee.
Follower	person who follows.
Following	After in time; as a sequel to.
Following	Supporters or devotees.
Following	That follows or comes after.
Following	what follows.
Following	now to be given or named
Follow-on	Cricket instance of following on.
Follow-through	Action of following through.
Follow-up	Subsequent or continued action.
Folly	foolishness.
Folly	foolish act, behaviour, idea, etc.
Folly	fanciful ornamental building created for display.
Foment	Instigate or stir up
Fond	liking.
Fond	a affectionate.
Fond	doting.
Fond	Foolishly optimistic or credulous.
Fond	Fondness
Fondant	Soft sugary sweet.
Fondle	caress.
Fondue	Dish of melted cheese.
Font1	Receptacle in a church for baptismal water.
Fontanel	membranous space in an infant's skull at the angles of the parietal bones.
Fontanelle	membranous space in an infant's skull at the angles of the parietal bones.
Food	a substance taken in to maintain life and growth.
Food	solid food
Food	mental stimulus
Food additive	Substance added to food to colour or flavour it etc.
Food-chain	Series of organisms each dependent on the next for food.
Foodie	Person who makes a cult of food; gourmet.
Food poisoning	Illness due to bacteria etc. In food.
Food processor	Machine for chopping and mixing food.
Foodstuff	Substance used as food.
Food value	Nourishing power of a food.
Fool1	rash, unwise, or stupid person.
Fool1	hist. Jester; clown.
Fool1	dupe.
Fool1	deceive.
Fool1	trick; cheat.
Fool1	joke or tease.
Fool1	play or trifle.
Fool2	Dessert of fruit purée with cream or custard.
Foolery	Foolish behaviour.
Foolhardy	rashly or foolishly bold; reckless.
Foolhardy	Foolhardiness
Foolish	Lacking good sense or judgement; unwise.
Foolish	Foolishness
Foolproof	Incapable of misuse or mistake.
Foolscap	Large size of paper, about
Foolscap	30 x
Foolscap	00 (or
Foolscap	00) mm.
Fool's paradise	Illusory happiness.
Foot	a part of the leg below the ankle.
Foot	part of a sock etc. Covering this.
Foot	a lowest part of a page, stairs, etc.
Foot	end of a bed where the feet rest.
Foot	part of a chair, appliance, etc. On which it rests.
Foot	step, pace, or tread
Foot	linear measure of
Foot	2 inches
Foot	metrical unit of verse forming part of a line.
Foot	hist. Infantry.
Foot	pay
Foot	go or traverse on foot.
Foot	Expressing strong contradiction. On foot walking. Put one's feet up
Foot	Take a rest. Put one's foot down
Foot	insist firmly.
Foot	accelerate a vehicle. Put one's foot in it
Foot	Make a tactless blunder. Under one's feet in the way. Under foot on the ground.
Footage	a length of tv or cinema film etc.
Footage	length in feet.
Foot-and-mouth disease	Contagious viral disease of cattle etc.
Football	large inflated ball of leather or plastic.
Football	outdoor team game played with this.
Football pool	(also football pools
Football pool	) Large-scale organized gambling on the results of football matches.
Footbrake	Foot-operated brake on a vehicle.
Footbridge	Bridge for pedestrians.
Footfall	Sound of a footstep.
Foot-fault	placing of the foot over the baseline while serving.
Foothill	Any of the low hills at the base of a mountain or range.
Foothold	secure place for a foot when climbing etc.
Foothold	secure initial position.
Footing	foothold; secure position
Footing	operational basis.
Footing	relative position or status
Footing	(often in
Footing	) Foundations of a wall.
Footle	Potter or fiddle about.
Footlights	pl. Row of floor-level lights at the front of a stage.
Footling	Trivial, silly.
Footloose	Free to act as one pleases.
Footman	Liveried servant.
Footmark	Footprint.
Footnote	Note printed at the foot of a page.
Footpad	Hist. Unmounted highwayman.
Footpath	Path for pedestrians; pavement.
Footplate	Platform for the crew in a locomotive.
Footprint	Impression left by a foot or shoe.
Footrest	Stool, rail, etc. For the feet.
Footsie	Amorous play with the feet.
Footsore	With sore feet, esp. From walking.
Footstep	step taken in walking.
Footstep	sound of this.
Footstool	Stool for resting the feet on when sitting.
Footway	Path for pedestrians.
Footwear	Shoes, socks, etc.
Footwork	Use or agility of the feet in sports, dancing, etc.
Fop	Dandy.
Fop	Foppish
For	in the interest or to the benefit of; intended to go to
For	in defence, support, or favour of.
For	suitable or appropriate to
For	in respect of or with reference to; regarding
For	representing or in place of
For	in exchange with, at the price of, corresponding to
For	as a consequence of
For	a with a view to; in the hope or quest of; in order to get
For	on account of
For	to reach; towards
For	0 so as to start promptly at
For	1 through or over
For	; during
For	2 as being
For	3 in spite of; notwithstanding
For	4 considering or making due allowance in respect of
For	Because, since, seeing that.
For	Be about to be punished etc. For all
For	in spite of, although. For ever for all time
For- 	forming verbs etc. Meaning:
For- 	away, off
For- 	prohibition
For- 	abstention or neglect
Forage	food for horses and cattle.
Forage	searching for food.
Forage	search for food; rummage.
Forage	collect food from.
Forage	get by foraging.
Forage cap	Infantry undress cap.
Forasmuch as	because, since.
Foray	Sudden attack; raid.
Foray	Make a foray.
Forbade	past of *forbid.
Forbear1	(past forbore;
Forbear1	Forborne) formal abstain or desist
Forbear1	speaking out; forbore to mention it).
Forbearance	Patient self-control; tolerance.
Forbid	(forbidding; past forbade or forbad;
Forbid	Forbidden)
Forbid	Order not
Forbid	refuse to allow
Forbid	refuse a person entry to.
Forbidden degrees	pl.
Forbidden degrees	family relationship too close for marriage to be permitted.
Forbidden fruit	Something desired esp. Because not allowed.
Forbidding	Stern, threatening.
Forborne	Of *forbear1.
Force1	power; strength, impetus; intense effort.
Force1	coercion, compulsion.
Force1	a military strength.
Force1	organized body of soldiers, police, etc.
Force1	a moral, intellectual, or legal power, influence, or validity.
Force1	person etc. With such power
Force1	effect; precise significance.
Force1	a influence tending to cause a change in the motion of a body.
Force1	intensity of this.
Force1	compel or coerce
Force1	by force.
Force1	make a forcible entry into; break open by force.
Force1	drive or propel violently or against resistance.
Force1	make
Force1	by force.
Force1	impose or press on
Force1	cause, produce, or attain by effort
Force1	strain or increase to the utmost.
Force1	artificially hasten the growth of
Force1	seek quick results from; accelerate
Force1	valid
Force1	in great strength or numbers
Force2	engl. Waterfall.
Forced labour	Compulsory labour, esp. In prison.
Forced landing	Emergency landing of an aircraft.
Forced march	Long and vigorous march, esp. By troops.
Force-feed	Force (esp.
Force-feed	prisoner) to take food.
Forceful	Vigorous, powerful, impressive.
Forceful	Forcefulness
Force majeure	irresistible force.
Force majeure	unforeseeable circumstances excusing a person from the fulfilment of a contract.
Forcemeat	Minced seasoned meat for stuffing or garnish.
Forceps	surgical pincers.
Forcible	Done by or involving force; forceful.
Ford	Shallow place where a river or stream may be crossed by wading, in a vehicle, etc.
Ford	Cross
Ford	at a ford.
Fore	Situated in front.
Fore	Front part; bow of a ship.
Fore	warning to a person in the path of a ball.
Fore- 	forming:
Fore- 	verbs meaning: a in front
Fore- 	beforehand
Fore- 	nouns meaning: a situated in front of
Fore- 	front part of
Fore- 	of or near the bow of a ship
Fore- 	preceding
Fore and aft	At bow and stern; all over the ship.
Fore and aft	lengthwise.
Forearm1	The arm from the elbow to the wrist or fingertips.
Forearm2	Arm beforehand, prepare.
Forebear	(usu. In
Forebear	) Ancestor.
Forebode	be an advance sign of, portend.
Forebode	have a presentiment of
Foreboding	Expectation of trouble.
Forecast	(past and
Forecast	-cast or -casted) predict; estimate beforehand.
Forecast	Prediction, esp. Of weather.
Forecastle	forward part of a ship, formerly the living quarters.
Foreclose	stop
Foreclose	from being redeemable.
Foreclose	repossess the mortgaged property of
Foreclose	when a loan is not duly repaid.
Foreclose	exclude, prevent.
Forecourt	part of a filling-station with petrol pumps.
Forecourt	enclosed space in front of a building.
Forefather	(usu. In
Forefather	) Ancestor of a family or people.
Forefinger	Finger next to the thumb.
Forefoot	Front foot of an animal.
Forefront	leading position.
Forefront	foremost part.
Foregoing	Preceding; previously mentioned.
Foregone conclusion	Easily predictable result.
Foreground	part of a view or picture nearest the observer.
Foreground	most conspicuous position.
Forehand	Stroke played with the palm of the hand facing forward.
Forehand	of or made with a forehand.
Forehead	The part of the face above the eyebrows.
Foreign	of, from, in, or characteristic of, a country or language other than one's own.
Foreign	dealing with other countries
Foreign	of another district, society, etc.
Foreign	unfamiliar, alien.
Foreign	coming from outside
Foreign and commonwealth office	British government department dealing with foreign affairs.
Foreigner	Person born in or coming from another country.
Foreign legion	Body of foreign volunteers in the
Foreign legion	army.
Foreign minister	government minister in charge of foreign affairs.
Foreign office	Hist. Or informal
Foreknow	(past -knew,
Foreknow	-known) literary know beforehand.
Foreland	Cape, promontory.
Foreleg	Front leg of an animal.
Forelimb	Front limb of an animal.
Forelock	Lock of hair just above the forehead.
Foreman	worker supervising others.
Foreman	president and spokesman of a jury.
Foremast	Mast nearest the bow of a ship.
Foremost	most notable, best.
Foremost	first, front.
Foremost	Most importantly
Forename	First or christian name.
Forenoon	Morning.
Forensic	of or used in courts of law
Forensic	of or involving forensic science
Foreordain	Destine beforehand.
Forepaw	Front paw of an animal.
Foreplay	Stimulation preceding sexual intercourse.
Forerunner	predecessor.
Forerunner	herald.
Foresail	Principal sail on a foremast.
Foresee	(past -saw;
Foresee	-seen) see or be aware of beforehand.
Foreshadow	Be a warning or indication of
Foreshore	Shore between high- and low-water marks.
Foreshorten	Show or portray
Foreshorten	with the apparent shortening due to visual perspective.
Foresight	regard or provision for the future.
Foresight	foreseeing.
Foresight	front sight of a gun.
Foreskin	Fold of skin covering the end of the penis.
Forest	(often
Forest	) Large area of trees and undergrowth.
Forest	trees in this.
Forest	large number or dense mass.
Forest	plant with trees.
Forest	convert into a forest.
Forestall	prevent by advance action.
Forestall	deal with beforehand.
Forester	person managing a forest or skilled in forestry.
Forester	dweller in a forest.
Forestry	Science or management of forests.
Foretaste	Small preliminary experience of something.
Foretell	(past and
Foretell	-told)
Foretell	predict, prophesy.
Foretell	indicate the approach of.
Forethought	care or provision for the future.
Forethought	deliberate intention.
Forever	Continually, persistently
Forewarn	Warn beforehand.
Forewoman	female worker with supervisory responsibilities.
Forewoman	president and spokeswoman of a jury.
Foreword	Introductory remarks at the beginning of a book, often not by the author.
Forfeit	penalty.
Forfeit	thing surrendered as a penalty.
Forfeit	Lost or surrendered as a penalty.
Forfeit	lose the right to, surrender as a penalty.
Forgather	Assemble; associate.
Forge1	make or write in fraudulent imitation.
Forge1	shape
Forge1	by heating and hammering.
Forge1	furnace or workshop etc. For melting or refining metal.
Forge1	blacksmith's workshop; smithy.
Forge2	move forward gradually or steadily.
Forge2	take the lead.
Forge2	progress rapidly.
Forgery	act of forging.
Forgery	forged document etc.
Forget	(forgetting; past forgot;
Forget	Forgotten or us forgot)
Forget	lose remembrance of; not remember.
Forget	neglect or overlook.
Forget	cease to think of.
Forget	act without dignity.
Forget	act selflessly.
Forgetful	apt to forget, absent-minded.
Forgetful	neglectful.
Forgetful	Forgetfulness
Forget-me-not	Plant with small blue flowers.
Forgive	(-ving; past forgave;
Forgive	Forgiven)
Forgive	cease to feel angry or resentful towards; pardon.
Forgive	remit
Forgiveness	Forgiving or being forgiven.
Forgiving	Inclined to forgive.
Forgo	(-goes; past -went;
Forgo	-gone) go without; relinquish.
Forgotten	Of *forget.
Fork	pronged item of cutlery.
Fork	similar large tool used for digging, lifting, etc.
Fork	forked support for a bicycle wheel.
Fork	a divergence of a branch, road, etc. Into two parts.
Fork	place of this.
Fork	either part.
Fork	form a fork or branch by separating into two parts.
Fork	take one road at a fork.
Fork	dig, lift, etc., with a fork.
Fork	pay, esp. Reluctantly.
Fork-lift truck	Vehicle with a fork for lifting and carrying loads.
Forlorn	sad and abandoned.
Forlorn	in a pitiful state.
Forlorn hope	Faint remaining hope or chance.
Form	shape; arrangement of parts; visible aspect.
Form	person or animal as visible or tangible.
Form	mode of existence or manifestation.
Form	kind or variety
Form	printed document with blank spaces for information to be inserted.
Form	class in a school.
Form	customary method.
Form	set order of words.
Form	etiquette or specified adherence to it
Form	correct procedure
Form	1 a
Form	Condition of health and training.
Form	racing history of a horse etc.
Form	2 state or disposition
Form	3 any of the spellings, inflections, etc. Of a word.
Form	4 arrangement and style in a literary or musical composition.
Form	5 long low bench.
Form	6 hare's lair.
Form	make or be made
Form	make up or constitute.
Form	develop or establish as a concept, institution, or practice
Form	mould or organize to become
Form	Bring or move into formation.
Form	train or instruct.
Form	Form
Form	forming adjectives meaning:
Form	having the form of
Form	having so many forms
Formal	in accordance with rules, convention, or ceremony
Formal	precise or symmetrical
Formal	prim or stiff.
Formal	perfunctory, in form only.
Formal	drawn up etc. Correctly; explicit
Formal	of or concerned with
Formal	form, not content or matter.
Formaldehyde	Colourless pungent gas used as a disinfectant and preservative.
Formalin	Solution of formaldehyde in water.
Formalism	Strict adherence to external form without regard to content, esp. In art.
Formality	a formal, esp. Meaningless, act, regulation, or custom.
Formality	thing done simply to comply with a rule.
Formality	rigid observance of rules or convention.
Formalize	give definite
Formalize	form to.
Formalize	make formal.
Format	shape and size
Format	style or manner of procedure etc.
Format	computing arrangement of data etc.
Format	arrange or put into a format.
Format	computing prepare
Format	to receive data.
Formation	forming.
Formation	thing formed.
Formation	particular arrangement
Formation	rocks or strata with a common characteristic.
Formative	Serving to form or fashion; of formation
Forme	Printing body of type secured in a chase ready for printing.
Former	of the past, earlier, previous
Former	The first or first-mentioned of two.
-former	Form pupil in a specified form
Formerly	In former times.
Formica	Propr. Hard durable plastic laminate used for surfaces.
Formic acid	Colourless irritant volatile acid contained in fluid emitted by ants; methanoic acid.
Formidable	inspiring dread, awe, or respect.
Formidable	hard to overcome or deal with.
Formless	Without definite or regular form.
Formula	(pl. -s or (esp. In senses
Formula	) -lae)
Formula	chemical symbols showing the constituents of a substance.
Formula	mathematical rule expressed in symbols.
Formula	a fixed form of esp. Ceremonial or polite words.
Formula	words used to formulate a treaty etc.
Formula	a list of ingredients.
Formula	us infant's food.
Formula	classification of a racing car, esp. By engine capacity.
Formulary	collection of esp. Religious formulas or set forms.
Formulary	pharm. Compendium of drug formulae.
Formulate	express in a formula.
Formulate	express clearly and precisely.
Fornicate	or joc.
Fornicate	have sexual intercourse.
Fornicate	Fornicator
Forsake	(-king; past forsook;
Forsake	Forsaken) literary
Forsake	give up; renounce.
Forsake	desert, abandon.
Forsooth	or joc. Truly; no doubt.
Forswear	(past forswore;
Forswear	Forsworn)
Forswear	abjure; renounce.
Forswear	(as forsworn
Forswear	) Perjured.
Forsythia	Shrub with bright yellow flowers in early spring.
Fort	Fortified military building or position.
Forte1	Person's strong point or speciality.
Forte2	Loud.
Forte2	Loudly.
Forte2	Loud playing or passage.
Forth	except in set phrases
Forth	forward; into view
Forth	onwards in time
Forth	forwards
Forth	out from a starting-point
Forthcoming	coming or available soon.
Forthcoming	produced when wanted.
Forthcoming	informative, responsive.
Forthright	outspoken; straightforward.
Forthright	decisive.
Forthwith	At once; without delay.
Fortification	act of fortifying.
Fortification	(usu. In
Fortification	) Defensive works, walls, etc.
Fortify	provide with fortifications.
Fortify	strengthen physically, mentally, or morally.
Fortify	strengthen
Fortify	with alcohol.
Fortify	increase the nutritive value of
Fortissimo	Very loud.
Fortissimo	Very loudly.
Fortissimo	very loud playing or passage.
Fortitude	Courage in pain or adversity.
Fortnight	Two weeks.
Fortnightly	Done, produced, or occurring once a fortnight.
Fortnightly	Every fortnight.
Fortnightly	fortnightly magazine etc.
Fortran	computer language used esp. For scientific calculations.
Fortress	Fortified building or town.
Fortuitous	Happening by esp. Lucky chance; accidental.
Fortuitous	Fortuitousness
Fortuitous	Fortuity
Fortunate	lucky.
Fortunate	auspicious.
Fortune	a chance or luck in human affairs.
Fortune	person's destiny.
Fortune	(in sing. Or
Fortune	) Luck that befalls a person or enterprise.
Fortune	good luck.
Fortune	prosperity.
Fortune	Great wealth.
Fortune-teller	Person who claims to foretell one's destiny.
Forty	four times ten.
Forty	symbol for this
Forty	(in
Forty	) Numbers from
Forty	0 to
Forty	9, esp. The years of a century or of a person's life.
Forty winks	Short sleep.
Forum	place of or meeting for public discussion.
Forum	court or tribunal.
Forum	hist. Public square in an ancient roman city used for judicial and other business.
Forward	onward; towards the front.
Forward	lying in the direction in which one is moving.
Forward	precocious; bold; presumptuous.
Forward	relating to the future
Forward	a approaching maturity or completion.
Forward	Early.
Forward	Attacking player near the front in football, hockey, etc.
Forward	to the front; into prominence
Forward	in advance; ahead
Forward	onward so as to make progress
Forward	towards the future
Forward	a towards the front in the direction one is facing.
Forward	in the normal direction of motion.
Forward	with continuous forward motion
Forward	a send
Forward	On to a further destination.
Forward	dispatch
Forward	help to advance; promote.
Fosse	Long ditch or trench, esp. In a fortification.
Fossil	remains or impression of a
Fossil	plant or animal hardened in rock.
Fossil	Antiquated or unchanging person or thing.
Fossil	Of or like a fossil; antiquated.
Fossil	. Fossilization
Fossil fuel	Natural fuel extracted from the ground.
Foster	a promote the growth or development of.
Foster	encourage or harbour
Foster	a bring up
Foster	Assign
Foster	to be fostered.
Foster	be favourable to.
Foster	having a family connection by fostering
Foster	concerned with fostering a child
Foul	offensive; loathsome, stinking.
Foul	soiled, filthy.
Foul	Disgusting, awful.
Foul	a noxious
Foul	clogged, choked.
Foul	obscenely abusive
Foul	unfair; against the rules
Foul	rough, stormy.
Foul	Entangled.
Foul	sport foul stroke or play.
Foul	collision, entanglement.
Foul	Unfairly.
Foul	make or become foul.
Foul	foul with excrement.
Foul	sport commit a foul against
Foul	become entangled or blocked.
Foul	bungle.
Foul	collide with.
Foul	Foulness
Foul-mouthed	Using obscene or offensive language.
Foul play	unfair play in games.
Foul play	treacherous or violent act, esp. Murder.
Foul-up	Muddle, bungle.
Found2	establish
Found2	; initiate, originate.
Found2	be the original builder of
Found2	lay the base of
Found2	construct or base
Found2	On.
Found3	a melt and mould
Found3	fuse
Found3	make by founding.
Foundation	a solid ground or base beneath a building.
Foundation	(usu. In
Foundation	) Lowest part of a building, usu. Below ground level.
Foundation	material base.
Foundation	basis, underlying principle.
Foundation	a establishing
Foundation	college, hospital, etc. So founded; its revenues.
Foundation	woman's supporting undergarment, e.g.
Foundation	corset.
Foundation-stone	stone laid ceremonially at the founding of a building.
Foundation-stone	basis.
Founder	fill with water and sink.
Founder	Fail.
Founder	stumble, fall lame, stick in mud etc.
Founding father	American statesman at the time of the revolution.
Foundling	Abandoned infant of unknown parentage.
Foundry	workshop for or business of casting metal.
Fount1	Poet. Spring or fountain; source.
Fount2	set of printing-type of same face and size.
Fountain	a spouting jet or jets of water as an ornament or for drinking.
Fountain	structure for this.
Fountain	spring.
Fountain	source.
Fountain-head	Source.
Fountain-pen	Pen with a reservoir or cartridge for ink.
Four	one more than three.
Four	symbol for this
Four	size etc. Denoted by four.
Four	team or crew of four; four-oared rowing-boat.
Four	four o'clock.
Fourfold	four times as much or as many.
Fourfold	of four parts.
Four-in-hand	Four-horse carriage with one driver.
Four-letter word	Short obscene word.
Four-poster	Bed with four posts supporting a canopy.
Foursome	group of four people.
Foursome	golf match between two pairs.
Four-square	solidly based.
Four-square	steady, resolute.
Four-square	Steadily, resolutely.
Four-stroke	having a cycle of four strokes of the piston with the cylinder firing once.
Fourteen	one more than thirteen.
Fourteen	symbol for this
Fourteen	size etc. Denoted by fourteen.
Fourth	next after third.
Fourth	any of four equal parts of a thing.
Fourth estate	The press.
Four-wheel drive	Drive acting on all four wheels of a vehicle.
Fowl	chicken kept for eggs and meat.
Fowl	poultry as food.
Fowl	(except in
Fowl	) Bird
Fowl	Catch or hunt wildfowl.
Fox	a wild canine animal with a bushy tail and red or grey fur.
Fox	its fur.
Fox	cunning person.
Fox	deceive, baffle, trick.
Fox	(usu. As foxed
Fox	) Discolour
Fox	With brownish marks.
Foxglove	Tall plant with purple or white flowers like glove-fingers.
Foxhole	Hole in the ground used as a shelter etc. In battle.
Foxhound	kind of hound bred and trained to hunt foxes.
Fox-hunting	Hunting foxes with hounds.
Fox-terrier	kind of short-haired terrier.
Foxtrot	ballroom dance with slow and quick steps.
Foxtrot	music for this.
Foxtrot	perform this.
Foxy	foxlike.
Foxy	sly or cunning.
Foxy	reddish-brown.
Foxy	Foxiness
Foyer	Entrance-hall in a hotel, theatre, etc.
Fpa	Family planning association.
Fr	Francium.
Fr.	father.
Fr.	french.
Fr.	Franc
Fracas	noisy disturbance or quarrel.
Fraction	part of a whole number (e.g.
Fraction	.5).
Fraction	small part, piece, or amount.
Fraction	portion of a mixture obtained by distillation etc.
Fraction	Fractionally
Fractious	Irritable, peevish.
Fracture	Breakage, esp. Of a bone or cartilage.
Fracture	cause a fracture in; suffer fracture.
Fragile	easily broken; weak.
Fragile	delicate; not strong.
Fragment	part broken off.
Fragment	extant remains or unfinished portion
Fragment	Break or separate into fragments.
Fragment	Fragmentary
Fragment	Fragmentation
Fragrance	sweetness of smell.
Fragrance	sweet scent.
Fragrant	Sweet-smelling.
Frail	fragile, delicate.
Frail	morally weak.
Frail	Frailness
Frailty	frail quality.
Frailty	weakness, foible.
Frame	case or border enclosing a picture, window, door, etc.
Frame	basic rigid supporting structure of a building, vehicle, etc.
Frame	(in
Frame	) Structure of spectacles holding the lenses.
Frame	human or animal body, esp. As large or small.
Frame	a established order or system
Frame	construction, build, structure.
Frame	temporary state
Frame	single complete image on a cinema film or transmitted in a series of lines by television.
Frame	a triangular structure for positioning balls in snooker etc.
Frame	round of play in snooker etc.
Frame	boxlike structure of glass etc. For protecting plants.
Frame	0 us
Frame	a set in a frame.
Frame	serve as a frame for.
Frame	construct, put together, devise.
Frame	adapt or fit.
Frame	concoct a false charge or evidence against; devise a plot against.
Frame	articulate
Frame of reference	set of standards or principles governing behaviour, thought, etc.
Frame of reference	system of geometrical axes for defining position.
Frame-up	conspiracy to convict an innocent person.
Framework	essential supporting structure.
Framework	basic system.
Franc	Unit of currency of france, belgium, switzerland, etc.
Franchise	right to vote in state elections.
Franchise	full membership of a corporation or state; citizenship.
Franchise	authorization to sell a company's goods etc. In a particular area.
Franchise	right or privilege granted to a person or corporation.
Franchise	grant a franchise to.
Franciscan	Of st francis or his order.
Franciscan	Franciscan friar or nun.
Francium	Radioactive metallic element.
Franco-	Form french and
Franglais	Corrupt version of french using many english words and idioms.
Frank	Member of the germanic people that conquered gaul in the
Frank	th c.
Frank	candid, outspoken.
Frank	undisguised.
Frank	open.
Frank	Mark
Frank	to record the payment of postage.
Frank	Franking signature or mark.
Frank	Frankness
Frankenstein	thing that becomes terrifying to its maker.
Frankfurter	Seasoned smoked sausage.
Frankincense	Aromatic gum resin burnt as incense.
Frantic	wildly excited; frenzied.
Frantic	hurried, anxious; desperate, violent.
Frantic	Extreme.
Frappé	Iced, cooled.
Fraternal	of brothers, brotherly; comradely.
Fraternal	developed from separate ova and not necessarily similar.
Fraternity	religious brotherhood.
Fraternity	group with common interests, or of the same professional class.
Fraternity	us male students' society.
Fraternity	brotherliness.
Fraternize	associate; make friends.
Fraternize	enter into friendly relations with enemies etc.
Fratricide	killing of one's brother or sister.
Fratricide	person who does this.
Frau	married or widowed german-speaking woman.
Fraud	criminal deception.
Fraud	dishonest artifice or trick.
Fraud	person or thing that is not what it claims to be.
Fraudulent	Of, involving, or guilty of fraud.
Fraudulent	Fraudulently
Fraught	filled or charged with
Fraught	Distressing; tense.
Fräulein	unmarried german-speaking woman.
Fray1	wear through or become worn; esp.
Fray1	unravel at the edge.
Fray1	Become strained.
Fray2	conflict, fight.
Fray2	brawl.
Frazzle	Worn, exhausted, or shrivelled state
Frazzle	(usu. As frazzled
Frazzle	) Wear out; exhaust.
Freak	(often
Freak	) Monstrosity; abnormal person or thing
Freak	unconventional person.
Freak	fanatic of a specified kind
Freak	drug addict.
Freak	become or make very angry.
Freak	undergo hallucinations etc., esp. As a result of drug abuse.
Freak	adopt an unconventional lifestyle.
Freak	Freaky
Freckle	Small light brown spot on the skin.
Freckle	(usu. As freckled
Freckle	) Spot or be spotted with freckles.
Free	not a slave or under another's control; having personal rights and social and political liberty.
Free	Autonomous; democratic.
Free	a unrestricted; not confined or fixed.
Free	not imprisoned.
Free	released from duties etc.
Free	independent
Free	a exempt from
Free	not containing or subject to
Free	Permitted; at liberty to.
Free	costing nothing.
Free	a clear of duties etc.
Free	not in use
Free	spontaneous, unforced
Free	available to all.
Free	0 lavish
Free	1 frank, unreserved.
Free	informal, unmetrical.
Free	not literal.
Free	4 familiar, impudent.
Free	Slightly indecent.
Free	6 chem. Not combined
Free	disengaged, available.
Free	freely.
Free	without cost or payment.
Free	make free; liberate.
Free	relieve from.
Free	disentangle, clear.
Free	Free of charge, gratis. Free on board
Free	without charge for delivery to a ship or railway wagon.
-free	Form free of or from
Free and easy	Informal, relaxed.
Freebie	Thing given free of charge.
Freeboard	Part of a ship's side between the water-line and deck.
Freebooter	Pirate.
Free-born	Not born a slave.
Free church	Nonconformist church.
Freedman	Emancipated slave.
Freedom	condition of being free or unrestricted.
Freedom	personal or civic liberty.
Freedom	liberty of action
Freedom	exemption from.
Freedom	a honorary membership or citizenship
Freedom	unrestricted use of
Freedom fighter	Terrorist or rebel claiming to fight for freedom.
Free enterprise	Freedom of private business from state control.
Free fall	Movement under the force of gravity only.
Free fight	General fight in which all present join.
Freefone	system whereby certain telephone calls, esp. On business, can be made without cost to the caller.
Free-for-all	Free fight, unrestricted discussion, etc.
Free-form	Of irregular shape or structure.
Freehand	Done without special instruments.
Freehand	In a freehand manner.
Free hand	Freedom to act at one's own discretion.
Free-handed	Generous.
Freehold	complete ownership of property for an unlimited period.
Freehold	such land or property.
Freehold	Owned thus.
Free house	Public house not controlled by a brewery.
Free kick	Kick granted in football as a minor penalty.
Freelance	person, usu. Self-employed, working for several employers on particular assignments.
Freelance	act as a freelance.
Freelance	As a freelance.
Freeloader	sponger.
Free love	Sexual freedom.
Freeman	person who has the freedom of a city etc.
Freeman	person who is not a slave or serf.
Free market	Market governed by unrestricted competition.
Freemason	Member of an international fraternity for mutual help and fellowship with elaborate secret rituals.
Free port	port without customs duties.
Free port	port open to all traders.
Freepost	System of business post where postage is paid by the addressee.
Free radical	Chem. Atom or group of atoms with one or more unpaired electrons.
Free-range	Roaming freely; not kept in a battery.
Free-range	produced by such hens.
Freesia	African bulb with fragrant flowers.
Free speech	Right of expression.
Free spirit	Independent or uninhibited person.
Free-spoken	Forthright.
Free-standing	Not supported by another structure.
Freestyle	swimming race in which any stroke may be used.
Freestyle	wrestling allowing almost any hold.
Freethinker	Person who rejects dogma or authority, esp. In religious belief.
Free trade	Trade without import restrictions etc.
Free vote	Parliamentary vote not subject to party discipline.
Freeway	Us motorway.
Free wheel	Driving wheel of a bicycle, able to revolve with the pedals at rest.
Free-wheel	ride a bicycle with the pedals at rest.
Free-wheel	act without constraint.
Free will	power of acting independently of necessity or fate.
Free will	ability to act without coercion
Free world	Hist. Non-communist countries' collective name for themselves.
Freeze	(-zing; past froze;
Freeze	Frozen)
Freeze	a turn into ice or another solid by cold.
Freeze	make or become rigid from the cold.
Freeze	be or feel very cold.
Freeze	cover or become covered with ice.
Freeze	adhere by frost.
Freeze	refrigerate
Freeze	below freezing point.
Freeze	a make or become motionless through fear, surprise, etc.
Freeze	devoid of emotion
Freeze	make
Freeze	Unrealizable.
Freeze	fix
Freeze	At a certain level.
Freeze	stop
Freeze	period or state of frost.
Freeze	fixing or stabilization of prices, wages, etc.
Freeze	still film-shot.
Freeze-dry	Preserve
Freeze-dry	by freezing and then drying in a vacuum.
Freezer	Refrigerated cabinet etc. For preserving frozen food at very low temperatures.
Freeze-up	Period or state of extreme cold.
Freezing point	Temperature at which a liquid, esp. Water, freezes.
Freight	transport of goods in containers or by water or air, or
Freight	by land.
Freight	goods transported; cargo, load.
Freight	charge for the transport of goods.
Freight	Transport as or load with freight.
Freighter	ship or aircraft for carrying freight.
Freighter	us freight-wagon.
Freightliner	Train carrying goods in containers.
French	of france, its people, or language.
French	having french characteristics.
French	the french language.
French	The people of france.
French	Dry vermouth.
French bean	Kidney or haricot bean as unripe sliced pods or ripe seeds.
French bread	Long crisp loaf.
French canadian	Canadian whose principal language is french.
French chalk	kind of talc used for marking cloth, as a dry lubricant, etc.
French dressing	Salad dressing of seasoned vinegar and oil.
French fried potatoes	pl.
French fried potatoes	us potato chips.
French horn	Coiled brass wind instrument with a wide bell.
Frenchify	(usu. As frenchified
Frenchify	Make french in form, manners, etc.
French kiss	Open-mouthed kiss.
French leave	Absence without permission.
French letter	Condom.
Frenchman	Man of french birth or nationality.
French polish	Shellac polish for wood.
French window	Glazed door in an outside wall.
Frenchwoman	Woman of french birth or nationality.
Frenetic	frantic, frenzied.
Frenetic	fanatic.
Frenzy	wild or delirious excitement, agitation, or fury.
Frenzy	(usu. As frenzied
Frenzy	) Drive to frenzy.
Frequency	commonness of occurrence.
Frequency	frequent occurrence.
Frequency	rate of recurrence
Frequency	; number of repetitions in a given time, esp. Per second.
Frequency modulation	Electronics modulation by varying carrier-wave frequency.
Frequent	occurring often or in close succession.
Frequent	habitual, constant.
Frequent	Attend or go to habitually.
Frequentative	Expressing frequent repetition or intensity.
Frequentative	Frequentative verb etc.
Fresco	painting done in water-colour on a wall or ceiling before the plaster is dry.
Fresh	newly made or obtained.
Fresh	a other, different; new
Fresh	additional
Fresh	lately arrived.
Fresh	not stale, musty, or faded.
Fresh	not preserved; newly caught, grown, etc.
Fresh	not salty
Fresh	a pure, untainted, refreshing
Fresh	bright and pure in colour
Fresh	brisk.
Fresh	Cheeky; amorously impudent.
Fresh	0 inexperienced.
Fresh	Newly, recently (esp. In
Fresh	: fresh-baked).
Fresh	Freshness
Freshen	make or become fresh.
Freshen	a wash, tidy oneself, etc.
Freshen	revive.
Fresher	First-year student at university or
Fresher	high school.
Freshet	rush of fresh water flowing into the sea.
Freshet	flood of a river.
Freshwater	Not of the sea.
Fret1	be worried or distressed.
Fret1	worry, vex.
Fret1	wear or consume by gnawing or rubbing.
Fret1	Worry, vexation.
Fret2	Ornamental pattern of straight lines joined usu. At right angles.
Fret2	embellish with a fret or with carved or embossed work.
Fret3	Each of a series of bars or ridges on the finger-board of a guitar etc. To guide fingering.
Fretful	Anxious, irritable.
Fretsaw	Narrow saw on a frame for cutting thin wood in patterns.
Fretwork	Ornamental work in wood done with a fretsaw.
Freudian	Of freud, his theories, or his method of psychoanalysis.
Freudian	Follower of freud.
Freudian slip	Unintentional verbal error revealing subconscious feelings.
Fri.	Friday.
Friable	Easily crumbled.
Friar	Member of a male non-enclosed roman catholic order, e.g. Carmelites and franciscans.
Friar's balsam	Tincture of benzoin etc. Used esp. As an inhalant.
Friary	monastery for friars.
Fricassee	Pieces of meat served in a thick sauce.
Fricassee	make a fricassee of.
Fricative	sounded by friction of the breath in a narrow opening.
Fricative	Such a consonant
Friction	rubbing of one object against another.
Friction	the resistance encountered in so moving.
Friction	clash of wills, opinions, etc.
Friday	Day of the week following thursday.
Friday	on friday.
Friday	on fridays; each friday.
Fridge-freezer	Combined refrigerator and freezer.
Friend	person one likes and chooses to spend time with
Friend	sympathizer, helper.
Friend	ally or neutral person
Friend	person already mentioned
Friend	regular supporter of an institution.
Friend	quaker.
Friendly	outgoing, well-disposed, kindly.
Friendly	on amicable terms.
Friendly	not hostile.
Friendly	(in
Friendly	) Not harming; helping
Friendly	In a friendly manner.
Friendly match	Match played for enjoyment rather than competition.
Friendly society	Insurance society insuring against illness etc.
Friendship	Friendly relationship or feeling.
Friesian	One of a breed of black and white dairy cattle orig. From friesland.
Frieze	part of an entablature between the architrave and cornice.
Frieze	horizontal band of sculpture filling this.
Frieze	band of decoration, esp. At the top of a wall.
Frig	masturbate.
Frigate	naval escort-vessel.
Frigate	hist. Warship.
Fright	a sudden or extreme fear.
Fright	instance of this
Fright	grotesque-looking person or thing.
Frighten	fill with fright
Frighten	drive by fright.
Frighten	Frighteningly
Frightful	a dreadful, shocking.
Frightful	ugly.
Frightful	Extremely bad.
Frightful	Extreme
Frigid	unfriendly, cold
Frigid	sexually unresponsive.
Frigid	cold.
Frill	strip of gathered or pleated material as an ornamental edging.
Frill	(in
Frill	) Unnecessary embellishments.
Frill	Decorate with a frill.
Fringe	border of tassels or loose threads.
Fringe	front hair hanging over the forehead.
Fringe	outer limit of an area, population, etc. (often
Fringe	: fringe theatre).
Fringe	unimportant area or part.
Fringe	adorn with a fringe.
Fringe	serve as a fringe to.
Fringe benefit	Employee's benefit additional to salary.
Frippery	showy finery, esp. In dress.
Frippery	empty display in speech, literary style, etc.
Frippery	(usu. In
Frippery	) Knick-knacks.
Frisbee	Propr. Concave plastic disc for skimming through the air as an outdoor game.
Frisian	Of friesland.
Frisian	Native or language of friesland.
Frisk	leap or skip playfully.
Frisk	search
Frisk	for a weapon etc. By feeling.
Frisk	playful leap or skip.
Frisk	frisking of a person.
Frisky	lively, playful.
Frisky	Friskiness
Frisson	Emotional thrill.
Fritillary	plant with bell-like flowers.
Fritillary	butterfly with red-brown wings chequered with black.
Fritter1	waste
Fritter1	Triflingly.
Fritter2	Fruit, meat, etc. Coated in batter and fried.
Frivolous	not serious, silly, shallow.
Frivolous	paltry, trifling.
Frivolous	. Frivolously
Frivolous	Frivolousness
Frizz	Form
Frizz	into tight curls.
Frizz	Frizzed hair or state.
Frizzle1	fry or cook with a sizzling noise.
Frizzle1	burn or shrivel.
Frizzle2	form into tight curls.
Frizzle2	Frizzled hair.
Frizzy	in tight curls.
Fro	Back
Frock	woman's or girl's dress.
Frock	monk's or priest's gown.
Frock	smock.
Frock-coat	Man's long-skirted coat.
Frog1	small smooth tailless leaping amphibian.
Frog1	offens. Frenchman.
Frog1	Hoarseness.
Frog2	Horny substance in the sole of a horse's foot.
Frog3	Ornamental coat-fastening of a button and loop.
Frogman	Person with a rubber suit, flippers, and an oxygen supply for underwater swimming.
Frogmarch	Hustle forward with the arms pinned behind.
Frog-spawn	Frog's eggs.
Frolic	play about cheerfully.
Frolic	cheerful play.
Frolic	prank.
Frolic	merry party.
Frolicsome	Merry, playful.
From	Expressing separation or origin, followed by:
From	person, place, time, etc., that is the starting-point (dinner is served from
From	; from start to finish).
From	place, object, etc. At a specified distance etc.
From	a source
From	giver or sender
From	thing or person avoided, deprived, etc.
From	reason, cause, motive
From	thing distinguished or unlike
From	lower limit (from
From	0 to
From	0 boats).
From	state changed for another
From	adverb or preposition of time or place
Fromage frais	Smooth low-fat soft cheese.
Frond	Leaflike part of a fern or palm.
Front	side or part most prominent or important, or nearer the spectator or direction of motion
Front	a line of battle.
Front	ground towards an enemy.
Front	scene of actual fighting.
Front	a activity compared to a military front.
Front	organized political group.
Front	demeanour, bearing.
Front	forward or conspicuous position.
Front	a bluff.
Front	pretext.
Front	person etc. As a cover for subversive or illegal activities.
Front	promenade.
Front	forward edge of advancing cold or warm air.
Front	0 auditorium of a theatre.
Front	1 breast of a garment
Front	of the front.
Front	situated in front.
Front	have the front facing or directed towards.
Front	act as a front or cover for.
Front	provide with or have a front
Front	lead
Front	ahead of, in advance of.
Front	in the presence of.
Frontage	front of a building.
Frontage	land next to a street or water etc.
Frontage	extent of a front.
Frontage	a the way a thing faces.
Frontage	outlook.
Frontal	of or on the front
Frontal	of the forehead
Front bench	Seats in parliament occupied by leading members of the government and opposition.
Front-bencher	Mp occupying the front bench.
Frontier	a border between two countries.
Frontier	district on each side of this.
Frontier	limits of attainment or knowledge in a subject.
Frontier	us borders between settled and unsettled country.
Frontispiece	Illustration facing the title-page of a book.
Front line	Foremost part of an army or group under attack.
Front runner	Favourite in a race etc.
Frost	a frozen dew or vapour.
Frost	consistent temperature below freezing point.
Frost	cold dispiriting atmosphere.
Frost	become covered with frost.
Frost	a cover with or as with frost.
Frost	injure
Frost	With frost.
Frost	make
Frost	non-transparent by roughening its surface.
Frostbite	Injury to body tissues due to freezing.
Frosting	Icing.
Frosty	cold with frost.
Frosty	covered with or as with frost.
Frosty	unfriendly in manner.
Frosty	Frostiness
Froth	foam.
Froth	idle or amusing talk etc.
Froth	emit or gather froth.
Froth	cause
Froth	To foam.
Frown	wrinkle one's brows, esp. In displeasure or concentration.
Frown	disapprove of.
Frown	act of frowning.
Frown	look of displeasure or concentration.
Frowsty	fusty, stuffy.
Frowzy	fusty.
Frowzy	slatternly, dingy.
Frozen	Of *freeze.
Frs	Fellow of the royal society.
Fructify	bear fruit.
Fructify	make fruitful.
Fructose	Sugar in honey, fruits, etc.
Frugal	sparing or thrifty, esp. As regards food.
Frugal	meagre, cheap.
Frugal	Frugally
Fruit	a seed-bearing part of a plant or tree; this as food.
Fruit	these collectively.
Fruit	(usu. In
Fruit	) Vegetables, grains, etc. As food
Fruit	(usu. In
Fruit	) Profits, rewards.
Fruit	bear fruit.
Fruit cake	Cake containing dried fruit.
Fruit cocktail	Diced fruit salad.
Fruiterer	Dealer in fruit.
Fruitful	producing much fruit.
Fruitful	successful, profitable.
Fruition	bearing of fruit.
Fruition	realization of aims or hopes.
Fruit juice	Juice of fruit, esp. As a drink.
Fruitless	not bearing fruit.
Fruitless	useless, unsuccessful.
Fruit machine	Coin-operated gaming machine using symbols representing fruit.
Fruit sugar	Fructose.
Fruity	a of fruit.
Fruity	tasting or smelling like fruit.
Fruity	Deep and rich.
Fruity	Slightly indecent or suggestive.
Fruity	Fruitiness
Frump	Dowdy unattractive woman.
Frump	Frumpy
Frustrate	make
Frustrate	ineffective.
Frustrate	prevent
Frustrate	from achieving a purpose.
Frustrate	(as frustrated
Frustrate	discontented because unable to achieve one's aims.
Frustrate	sexually unfulfilled.
Frustrate	Frustratingly
Frustrate	Frustration
Frustum	geom. Remaining part of a decapitated cone or pyramid.
Fry1	cook or be cooked in hot fat.
Fry1	offal, usu. Eaten fried
Fry1	fried food, esp. Meat.
Fry2	pl. Young or newly hatched fishes.
Fryer	person who fries.
Fryer	vessel for frying esp. Fish.
Frying-pan	Shallow pan used in frying.
Fry-up	Fried bacon, eggs, etc.
Ft	Foot, feet.
Ft-se	Financial times stock exchange
Ft-se	00 share index
Fuchsia	Shrub with drooping red, purple, or white flowers.
Fuck	(often absol. Or as
Fuck	Expressing annoyance) curse
Fuck	have sexual intercourse
Fuck	mess about; fool around.
Fuck	(as fucking
Fuck	) Expressing annoyance etc.
Fuck	a act of sexual intercourse.
Fuck	partner in this.
Fuck	slightest amount
Fuck	bungle.
Fuck	disturb emotionally.
Fuck-up	bungle or muddle.
Fuddle	confuse or stupefy, esp. With alcohol.
Fuddle	confusion.
Fuddle	intoxication.
Fuddy-duddy	Old-fashioned or quaintly fussy.
Fuddy-duddy	such a person.
Fudge	soft toffee-like sweet made of milk, sugar, butter, etc.
Fudge	piece of dishonesty or faking.
Fudge	make or do clumsily or dishonestly; fake
Fuel	material for burning or as a source of heat, power, or nuclear energy.
Fuel	food as a source of energy.
Fuel	thing that sustains or inflames passion etc.
Fuel	supply with, take in, or get, fuel.
Fuel	inflame
Fuel cell	Cell producing electricity direct from a chemical reaction.
Fug	Close stuffy atmosphere.
Fugitive	person who flees, e.g. From justice or an enemy.
Fugitive	fleeing.
Fugitive	transient, fleeting.
Fugue	Piece of music in which a short melody or phrase is introduced by one part and taken up and developed by others.
Führer	tyrannical leader.
-ful	Form forming:
-ful	adjectives from a nouns, meaning full of or having qualities of
-ful	adjectives
-ful	verbs, meaning ‘apt to’
-ful	nouns
-ful	meaning ‘amount that fills’
Fulcrum	point on which a lever is supported.
Fulfil	carry out
Fulfil	a satisfy
Fulfil	(as fulfilled
Fulfil	) Completely happy.
Fulfil	answer
Fulfill	carry out
Fulfill	a satisfy
Fulfill	(as fulfilled
Fulfill	) Completely happy.
Fulfill	answer
Full1	holding all it can
Full1	having eaten all one can or wants.
Full1	abundant, copious, satisfying
Full1	having an abundance of
Full1	engrossed in
Full1	complete, perfect
Full1	deep and clear.
Full1	plump, rounded
Full1	ample, hanging in folds.
Full1	very
Full1	quite, fully
Full1	exactly
Full1	Completely full. In full
Full1	without abridgement.
Full1	to or for the full amount
Full2	Clean and thicken
Full back	Defensive player near the goal in football, hockey, etc.
Full-blooded	vigorous, hearty, sensual.
Full-blooded	not hybrid.
Full-blown	Fully developed.
Full board	Provision of bed and all meals at a hotel etc.
Full-bodied	Rich in quality, tone, etc.
Fuller	Person who fulls cloth.
Full-frontal	fully exposed at the front.
Full-frontal	explicit, unrestrained.
Full house	maximum attendance at a theatre etc.
Full house	hand in poker with three of a kind and a pair.
Full-length	not shortened.
Full-length	Showing the whole figure.
Full moon	moon with its whole disc illuminated.
Full moon	time of this.
Fullness	Being full.
Full-scale	Not reduced in size, complete.
Full stop	punctuation mark
Full stop	At the end of a sentence or an abbreviation.
Full stop	complete cessation.
Full term	Completion of a normal pregnancy.
Full-time	For or during the whole of the working week
Full-time	On a full-time basis
Full-timer	Person who does a full-time job.
Fully	completely, entirely
Fully	at least (fully
Fully-fashioned	shaped to fit closely.
Fulmar	Arctic sea bird related to the petrel.
Fulminant	fulminating.
Fulminant	Developing suddenly.
Fulminate	criticize loudly and forcefully.
Fulminate	explode violently; flash.
Fulsome	Excessive, cloying, insincere
Fumble	use the hands awkwardly, grope about.
Fumble	handle clumsily or nervously
Fumble	Act of fumbling.
Fume	(usu. In
Fume	) Exuded gas, smoke, or vapour, esp. When harmful or unpleasant.
Fume	emit fumes or as fumes.
Fume	be very angry.
Fume	subject
Fume	To fumes to darken.
Fumigate	disinfect or purify with fumes.
Fumigate	Fumigator
Fun	lively or playful amusement.
Fun	source of this.
Fun	mockery, ridicule
Fun	Amusing, enjoyable
Function	a proper or necessary role, activity, or purpose.
Function	official or professional duty.
Function	public or social occasion.
Function	math. Quantity whose value depends on the varying values of others.
Function	Fulfil a function, operate.
Functional	of or serving a function.
Functional	practical rather than attractive.
Functional	affecting the function of a bodily organ but not its structure.
Functionalism	Belief that a thing's function should determine its design.
Functionary	official performing certain duties.
Fund	permanently available stock
Fund	sum of money, esp. Set apart for a purpose.
Fund	(in
Fund	) Money resources.
Fund	provide with money.
Fund	make
Fund	permanent at fixed interest.
Fund	Having money to spend.
Fundamental	Of or being a base or foundation; essential, primary.
Fundamental	(usu. In
Fundamental	) Fundamental principle.
Fundamental	Fundamental note.
Fundamentalism	Strict adherence to traditional religious beliefs or doctrines.
Fundamental note	Lowest note of a chord.
Fundamental particle	Elementary particle.
Fund-raiser	Person raising money for a cause, enterprise, etc.
Funeral	ceremonial burial or cremation of a corpse.
Funeral	one's
Funeral	concern
Funeral	Of or used at funerals.
Funeral director	Undertaker.
Funeral parlour	Establishment where corpses are prepared for funerals.
Funerary	Of or used at funerals.
Funereal	of or appropriate to a funeral.
Funereal	dismal, dark.
Funfair	Fair with amusements and sideshows.
Fungicide	Substance that kills fungus.
Fungoid	Fungus-like.
Fungoid	Fungoid plant.
Fungus	mushroom, toadstool, or allied plant, including moulds, feeding on organic matter.
Fungus	med. Spongy morbid growth.
Fungus	Fungous
Funicular	operating by cable with ascending and descending cars counterbalanced.
Funicular	Funicular railway.
Funk1	fear, panic.
Funk1	coward.
Funk1	evade through fear.
Funk1	be afraid
Funk2	funky music.
Funky	earthy, bluesy, with a heavy rhythm.
Funnel	tube widening at the top, for pouring liquid etc. Into a small opening.
Funnel	metal chimney on a steam engine or steamship.
Funnel	guide or move through or as through a funnel.
Funny	amusing, comical.
Funny	strange, peculiar.
Funny	slightly unwell.
Funny	eccentric.
Funny	Funniness
Funny-bone	Part of the elbow over which a very sensitive nerve passes.
Fun run	Uncompetitive sponsored run for charity.
Fur	a short fine soft animal hair.
Fur	hide with fur on it, used esp. For clothing.
Fur	garment of or lined with fur.
Fur	Animals with fur.
Fur	fur-like coating on the tongue, in a kettle, etc.
Fur	(esp. As furred
Fur	) Line or trim with fur.
Fur	Become coated with fur.
Fur	Cause a disturbance, stir up trouble.
Furbelow	(in
Furbelow	) Showy ornaments.
Furbelow	gathered strip or border of a skirt or petticoat.
Furcate	Forked, branched.
Furcate	fork, divide.
Furious	very angry.
Furious	raging, frantic.
Furl	roll up and secure
Furl	become furled.
Furlong	Eighth of a mile.
Furlough	Leave of absence, esp. Military.
Furlough	grant furlough to.
Furlough	spend furlough.
Furnace	enclosed structure for intense heating by fire, esp. Of metals or water.
Furnace	very hot place.
Furnish	provide
Furnish	With furniture.
Furnish	supply.
Furnished	Let with furniture.
Furnisher	person who sells furniture.
Furnisher	person who furnishes.
Furnishings	pl. Furniture and fitments in a house, room, etc.
Furniture	movable equipment of a house, room, etc., e.g. Tables, beds.
Furniture	Ship's equipment.
Furniture	accessories, e.g. The handles and lock on a door.
Furor	uproar; fury.
Furor	enthusiastic admiration.
Furore	uproar; fury.
Furore	enthusiastic admiration.
Furrier	Dealer in or dresser of furs.
Furrow	narrow trench made by a plough.
Furrow	rut, groove, wrinkle.
Furrow	ship's track.
Furrow	plough.
Furrow	make furrows in.
Furry	like or covered with fur.
Further	more distant in space or time.
Further	to a greater extent, more
Further	in addition
Further	more distant or advanced.
Further	more, additional
Further	Promote or favour
Furtherance	Furthering of a scheme etc.
Further education	Education for those above school age.
Furthermore	In addition, besides.
Furthest	Most distant.
Furthest	To or at the greatest distance.
Furtive	Sly, stealthy.
Furtive	Furtiveness
Fury	a wild and passionate anger.
Fury	fit of rage.
Fury	violence of a storm, disease, etc.
Fury	(usu. In
Fury	avenging goddess.
Fury	avenging spirit.
Fury	angry or malignant woman.
Fury	With great force or effort.
Fuse1	melt with intense heat.
Fuse1	blend into one whole by melting.
Fuse1	provide
Fuse1	with a fuse.
Fuse1	fail owing to the melting of a fuse.
Fuse1	cause to do this.
Fuse1	Device with a strip or wire of easily melted metal placed in an electric circuit so as to interrupt an excessive current by melting.
Fuse2	device of combustible matter for igniting a bomb or explosive charge.
Fuse2	component made of this in a shell, mine, etc.
Fuse2	fit a fuse to.
Fuselage	Body of an aeroplane.
Fusible	That can be melted.
Fusil	Hist. Light musket.
Fusilier	Member of any of several british regiments formerly armed with fusils.
Fusillade	period of continuous discharge of firearms.
Fusillade	sustained outburst of criticism etc.
Fusion	fusing or melting.
Fusion	blending.
Fusion	coalition.
Fuss	excited commotion, bustle.
Fuss	excessive concern about a trivial thing.
Fuss	sustained protest or dispute.
Fuss	behave with nervous concern.
Fuss	agitate, worry.
Fusspot	Person given to fussing.
Fussy	inclined to fuss.
Fussy	over-elaborate.
Fussy	fastidious.
Fussy	Fussiness
Fustian	thick usu. Dark twilled cotton cloth.
Fustian	bombast.
Fustian	made of fustian.
Fustian	bombastic.
Fustian	worthless.
Fusty	musty, stuffy.
Fusty	antiquated.
Futile	useless, ineffectual.
Futile	frivolous.
Futon	Japanese quilted mattress used as a bed; this sold with a low wooden frame, often convertible into a couch.
Future	about to happen, be, or become.
Future	a of time to come. B
Future	describing an event yet to happen.
Future	time to come.
Future	future events.
Future	future condition of a person, country, etc.
Future	prospect of success etc.
Future	Future tense.
Future	(in
Future	) Stock exch. Goods etc. Sold for future delivery.
Future perfect	Tense giving the sense ‘will have done’.
Futurism	0th-century artistic movement departing from traditional forms and celebrating technology and dynamism.
Futuristic	suitable for the future; ultra-modern.
Futuristic	of futurism.
Futurity	literary
Futurity	future time.
Futurity	(in sing. Or
Futurity	) Future events.
Futurology	Forecasting of the future, esp. From present trends.
Fuzz	fluff.
Fuzz	fluffy or frizzed hair.
Fuzz	the police.
Fuzz	police officer.
Fuzzy	like fuzz, fluffy.
Fuzzy	blurred, indistinct.
Fuzzy	Fuzziness
-fy	forming:
-fy	verbs from nouns, meaning: a make, produce
-fy	make into
-fy	verbs from adjectives, meaning ‘bring or come into a state’
-fy	verbs in a causative sense
G1	seventh letter of the alphabet.
G1	Fifth note of the diatonic scale of c major.
G2	gauss.
G2	giga-.
G2	gravitational constant.
G7	Designating the world's seven richest nations.
G	gram
G	a gravity.
G	acceleration due to gravity.
Ga	Gallium.
Gab	Talk, chatter.
Gabardine	twill-woven cloth, esp. Of worsted.
Gabardine	raincoat etc. Made of this.
Gabble	talk or utter unintelligibly or too fast.
Gabble	Fast unintelligible talk.
Gable	triangular upper part of a wall at the end of a ridged roof.
Gable	gable-topped wall.
Gad	go about idly or in search of pleasure.
Gadabout	Person who gads about.
Gadfly	fly that bites cattle and horses.
Gadfly	irritating person.
Gadget	Small mechanical device or tool.
Gadolinium	Metallic element of the lanthanide series.
Gadwall	Brownish-grey freshwater duck.
Gael	scottish celt.
Gael	gaelic-speaking celt.
Gaelic	Celtic language of ireland and scotland.
Gaelic	Of the celts or the celtic languages.
Gaff1	a stick with an iron hook for landing large fish.
Gaff1	barbed fishing-spear.
Gaff1	spar to which the head of a fore-and-aft sail is bent.
Gaff1	Seize
Gaff1	with a gaff.
Gaffe	Blunder; indiscreet act or remark.
Gaffer	old fellow.
Gaffer	Foreman, boss.
Gaffer	chief electrician in a film or television production unit.
Gag	thing thrust into or tied across the mouth, esp. To prevent speaking or crying out.
Gag	joke or comic scene.
Gag	parliamentary closure.
Gag	thing restricting free speech.
Gag	apply a gag to.
Gag	silence; deprive of free speech.
Gag	choke, retch.
Gag	make gags as a comedian etc.
Gaga	senile.
Gaga	slightly crazy.
Gage1	pledge; thing deposited as security.
Gage1	symbol of a challenge to fight, esp.
Gage1	glove thrown down.
Gage2	(brit. Gauge: see also sense
Gage2	standard measure, esp. Of the capacity or contents of a barrel, fineness of a textile, diameter of a bullet, or thickness of sheet metal.
Gage2	instrument for measuring pressure, width, length, thickness, etc.
Gage2	distance between rails or opposite wheels.
Gage2	capacity, extent.
Gage2	criterion, test.
Gage2	Position relative to the wind.
Gage2	measure exactly.
Gage2	measure the capacity or content of.
Gage2	estimate
Gaggle	flock of geese.
Gaggle	Disorganized group of people.
Gaiety	being gay; mirth.
Gaiety	merrymaking.
Gaiety	bright appearance.
Gaily	In a gay or careless manner
Gain	obtain or win
Gain	acquire as profits etc., earn.
Gain	get more of, improve
Gain	benefit, profit.
Gain	Become fast; become fast by
Gain	come closer to a person or thing pursued.
Gain	a reclaim
Gain	win
Gain	reach
Gain	increase of wealth etc.; profit, improvement.
Gain	(in
Gain	) Sums of money got by trade etc.
Gain	increase in amount.
Gain	advance.
Gain	catch up
Gainful	paid.
Gainful	lucrative.
Gainsay	Deny, contradict.
Gait	Manner of walking or forward motion.
Gaiter	Covering of cloth, leather, etc., for the lower leg.
Gal	girl.
Gal.	Gallon
Gala	Festive occasion or gathering
Galactic	Of a galaxy or galaxies.
Galantine	White meat boned, stuffed, spiced, etc., and served cold.
Galaxy	independent system of stars, gas, dust, etc., in space.
Galaxy	milky way.
Galaxy	brilliant company
Gale	very strong wind or storm.
Gale	outburst, esp. Of laughter.
Gall bladder	Organ storing bile.
Galleon	Hist. Warship
Galleria	Collection of small shops under a single roof.
Gallery	room or building for showing works of art.
Gallery	balcony, esp. In a church, hall, etc.
Gallery	highest balcony in a theatre.
Gallery	a covered walk partly open at the side; colonnade.
Gallery	narrow passage in the thickness of a wall or on corbels, open towards the interior of the building.
Gallery	long narrow room or passage
Gallery	horizontal underground passage in a mine etc.
Gallery	group of spectators at a golf-match etc.
Galley	hist.
Galley	long flat single-decked vessel usu. Rowed by slaves or criminals.
Galley	ancient greek or roman warship.
Galley	ship's or aircraft's kitchen.
Galley	printing
Galley	proof in continuous form before division into pages.
Galley-slave	Drudge.
Gallic	french or typically french.
Gallic	of gaul or the gauls.
Gallicism	French idiom.
Gallinaceous	Of the order including domestic poultry, pheasants, etc.
Gallium	Soft bluish-white metallic element.
Gallivant	Gad about.
Gallo-	Form french.
Gallon	measure of capacity equal to eight pints (4.5 litres; for wine, or us,
Gallon	.8 litres).
Gallon	(in
Gallon	Large amount.
Gallop	fastest pace of a horse etc., with all the feet off the ground together in each stride.
Gallop	ride at this pace.
Gallop	go at a gallop.
Gallop	make
Gallop	Gallop.
Gallop	read, talk, etc., fast.
Gallop	progress rapidly
Gallows	pl.
Gallows	Structure, usu. Of two uprights and a crosspiece, for hanging criminals.
Gallstone	Small hard mass forming in the gall-bladder.
Galore	In plenty
Galosh	(usu. In
Galosh	) Overshoe, usu. Of rubber.
Galumph	(esp. As galumphing
Galumph	Move noisily or clumsily.
Galvanic	a producing an electric current by chemical action.
Galvanic	produced by chemical action.
Galvanic	a sudden and remarkable
Galvanic	stimulating; full of energy.
Galvanize	rouse forcefully, esp. By shock or excitement
Galvanize	stimulate by or as by electricity.
Galvanize	coat
Galvanize	with zinc to protect against rust.
Galvanometer	Instrument for detecting and measuring small electric currents.
Gambit	chess opening in which a player sacrifices a piece or pawn to secure an advantage.
Gambit	opening move in a discussion etc.
Gambit	trick or device.
Gamble	play games of chance for money.
Gamble	a bet
Gamble	in gambling.
Gamble	lose by gambling.
Gamble	risk much in the hope of great gain.
Gamble	act in the hope of.
Gamble	risky undertaking.
Gamble	spell of gambling.
Gamboge	Gum resin used as a yellow pigment and as a purgative.
Gambol	skip or jump about playfully.
Gambol	Frolic, caper.
Game1	form of play or sport, esp.
Game1	competitive one with rules.
Game1	portion of play forming a scoring unit, e.g. In bridge or tennis.
Game1	(in
Game1	) Series of athletic etc. Contests
Game1	a piece of fun, jest
Game1	) Dodges, tricks
Game1	scheme
Game1	type of activity or business
Game1	a wild animals or birds hunted for sport or food.
Game1	their flesh as food.
Game1	Spirited; eager and willing
Game1	gamble for money stakes.
Game1	involved in prostitution.
Game2	Crippled.
Gamecock	Cock bred and trained for cock-fighting.
Gamekeeper	Person employed to breed and protect game.
Gamelan	se asian orchestra mainly of percussion instruments.
Gamelan	type of xylophone used in this.
Gamesmanship	Art of winning games by gaining psychological advantage.
Gamester	Gambler.
Gamete	Mature germ cell able to unite with another in sexual reproduction.
Gamin	street urchin.
Gamin	impudent child.
Gamine	girl gamin.
Gamine	girl with mischievous charm.
Gamma	third letter of the greek alphabet
Gamma	third-class mark for a piece of work etc.
Gamma radiation	electromagnetic radiation of shorter wavelength than x-rays.
Gammon	bottom piece of a flitch of bacon including a hind leg.
Gammon	ham of a pig cured like bacon.
Gamut	Entire range or scope.
Gamy	smelling or tasting like high game.
Gander	male goose.
Gander	look, glance
Gang	band of persons associating for some
Gang	purpose.
Gang	set of workers, slaves, or prisoners.
Gang	act together.
Gang	combine against.
Ganger	Foreman of a gang of workers.
Gangling	loosely built; lanky.
Ganglion	structure containing an assemblage of nerve cells.
Gangplank	Movable plank for boarding or disembarking from a ship etc.
Gangrene	Death of body tissue, usu. Resulting from obstructed circulation.
Gangster	Member of a gang of violent criminals.
Gangue	Valueless earth etc. In which ore is found.
Gangway	passage, esp. Between rows of seats.
Gangway	a opening in a ship's bulwarks.
Gangway	bridge from ship to shore.
Gannet	large diving sea bird.
Gannet	greedy person.
Gantry	structure supporting a travelling crane, railway or road signals, rocket-launching equipment, etc.
Gap	empty space, interval; deficiency.
Gap	breach in a hedge, fence, etc.
Gap	wide divergence in views etc.
Gape	a open one's mouth wide.
Gape	be or become wide open; split.
Gape	stare at.
Gape	open-mouthed stare; open mouth.
Gape	rent, opening.
Garage	building for housing a vehicle.
Garage	establishment selling petrol etc., or repairing and selling vehicles.
Garage	put or keep in a garage.
Garb	Clothing, esp. Of a distinctive kind.
Garb	Dress.
Garbage	esp. Us refuse.
Garbage	Nonsense.
Garble	(esp. As garbled
Garble	) Unintentionally distort or confuse
Garble	make a
Garble	selection from
Garden	piece of ground for growing flowers, fruit, or vegetables, and as a place of recreation.
Garden	(esp. In
Garden	) Grounds laid out for public enjoyment.
Garden	Cultivated
Garden	Cultivate or tend a garden.
Garden centre	Place where plants and garden equipment are sold.
Garden city	Town spaciously laid out with parks etc.
Gardener	Person who gardens, esp. For a living.
Gardenia	Tree or shrub with large fragrant flowers.
Garden party	Party held on a lawn or in a garden.
Garfish	fish with a long spearlike snout.
Gargantuan	Gigantic.
Gargle	wash
Gargle	with a liquid kept in motion by breathing through it.
Gargle	Liquid for gargling.
Gargoyle	Grotesque carved face or figure, esp. As a spout from the gutter of a building.
Garibaldi	biscuit containing a layer of currants.
Garish	Obtrusively bright; showy; gaudy.
Garish	Garishness
Garland	Wreath of flowers etc., worn on the head or hung as a decoration.
Garland	Adorn or crown with a garland or garlands.
Garlic	Plant of the onion family with a pungent bulb used in cookery.
Garment	article of dress.
Garment	outward covering.
Garner	collect.
Garner	store.
Garner	Literary storehouse or granary.
Garnet	Glassy silicate mineral, esp.
Garnet	red kind used as a gem.
Garnish	Decorate
Garnish	Decoration, esp. To food.
Garret	Attic or room in a roof.
Garrison	Troops stationed in a town etc. To defend it.
Garrison	provide with or occupy as a garrison.
Garrison	place on garrison duty.
Garrote	execute or kill by strangulation, esp. With a wire collar.
Garrote	Device used for this.
Garrotte	execute or kill by strangulation, esp. With a wire collar.
Garrotte	Device used for this.
Garrulous	Talkative.
Garrulous	Garrulousness
Garter	band worn to keep a sock or stocking up.
Garter	a highest order of english knighthood.
Garter	badge or membership of this.
Garter stitch	Plain knitting stitch.
Gas	any airlike substance
Gas	moving freely to fill any space available.
Gas	such a substance
Gas	used as fuel (also
Gas	: gas cooker; gas industry).
Gas	nitrous oxide or other gas as an anaesthetic.
Gas	poisonous gas used in war.
Gas	Petrol, gasoline.
Gas	idle talk; boasting.
Gas	enjoyable or amusing thing or person.
Gas	expose to gas, esp. To kill.
Gas	Talk idly or boastfully.
Gall1	impudence.
Gall1	rancour.
Gall1	bitterness.
Gall1	bile.
Gasbag	idle talker.
Gas chamber	Room filled with poisonous gas to kill people or animals.
Gaseous	Of or like gas.
Gas fire	Domestic heater burning gas.
Gas-fired	Using gas as fuel.
Gash	Long deep slash, cut, or wound.
Gash	Make a gash in; cut.
Gasholder	Large receptacle for storing gas; gasometer.
Gasify	convert into gas.
Gasket	Sheet or ring of rubber etc., shaped to seal the junction of metal surfaces.
Gaslight	Light from burning gas.
Gasman	Man who installs or services gas appliances, or reads gas meters.
Gas mask	Respirator as a protection against poison gas.
Gasoline	us petrol.
Gasometer	Large tank from which gas is distributed by pipes.
Gasp	catch one's breath with an open mouth as in exhaustion or astonishment.
Gasp	utter with gasps.
Gasp	Convulsive catching of breath.
Gas ring	Hollow ring perforated with gas jets, for cooking etc.
Gassy	a of or like gas.
Gassy	full of gas.
Gassy	Verbose.
Gastric	Of the stomach.
Gastric flu	Intestinal disorder of unknown cause.
Gastric juice	Digestive fluid secreted by the stomach glands.
Gastritis	Inflammation of the stomach.
Gastro-	Form stomach.
Gastro-enteritis	Inflammation of the stomach and intestines.
Gastronome	Gourmet.
Gastronomy	Science or art of good eating and drinking.
Gastronomy	Gastronomical
Gastronomy	Gastronomically
Gastropod	mollusc that moves by means of a ventral muscular organ, e.g.
Gastropod	snail.
Gasworks	Place where gas is manufactured for lighting and heating.
Gate	barrier, usu. Hinged, used to close an opening made for entrance and exit through a wall, fence, etc.
Gate	such an opening.
Gate	means of entrance or exit.
Gate	numbered place of access to aircraft at an airport.
Gate	device regulating the passage of water in a lock etc.
Gate	a number of people entering by payment at the gates of a sports ground etc.
Gate	amount of money taken thus.
Gate	a electrical signal that causes or controls the passage of other signals.
Gate	electrical circuit with an output that depends on the combination of several inputs.
Gate	confine to college or school as a punishment.
Gateau	large rich cake filled with cream etc.
Gatecrasher	Uninvited guest at a party etc.
Gatehouse	House standing by or over a gateway, esp. To a large house or park.
Gateleg	table with folding flaps supported by legs swung open like a gate.
Gatepost	Post at either side of a gate.
Gateway	opening which can be closed with a gate.
Gateway	means of access
Gather	bring or come together; accumulate.
Gather	pick or collect as harvest.
Gather	infer or deduce.
Gather	a increase
Gather	collect
Gather	summon up
Gather	draw together in folds or wrinkles.
Gather	(often as gathering
Gather	) Come to a head
Gall2	sore made by chafing.
Gall2	mental soreness or its cause.
Gall2	place rubbed bare.
Gall2	rub sore.
Gall2	vex, humiliate.
Gall3	Growth produced by insects etc. On plants and trees, esp. On oak.
Gall.	Var. Of *gal.
Gallant	brave.
Gallant	fine, stately.
Gallant	very attentive to women.
Gallant	Ladies' man.
Gallantry	bravery.
Gallantry	devotion to women.
Gallantry	polite act or speech.
Gathering	assembly.
Gathering	purulent swelling.
Gathering	group of leaves taken together in bookbinding.
Gatt	General agreement on tariffs and trade.
Gauche	socially awkward.
Gauche	tactless.
Gauche	Gaucheness
Gaucherie	Gauche manners or act.
Gaucho	cowboy from the s. American pampas.
Gaudy	tastelessly showy.
Gaudy	Gaudiness
Gauge	(us gage: see also sense
Gauge	standard measure, esp. Of the capacity or contents of a barrel, fineness of a textile, diameter of a bullet, or thickness of sheet metal.
Gauge	instrument for measuring pressure, width, length, thickness, etc.
Gauge	distance between rails or opposite wheels.
Gauge	capacity, extent.
Gauge	criterion, test.
Gauge	Position relative to the wind.
Gauge	measure exactly.
Gauge	measure the capacity or content of.
Gauge	estimate
Gaul	Inhabitant of ancient gaul.
Gaulish	Of the gauls.
Gaulish	Their language.
Gaunt	lean, haggard.
Gaunt	grim, desolate.
Gauntlet1	stout glove with a long loose wrist.
Gauntlet1	hist. Armoured glove.
Gauntlet2	undergo harsh criticism.
Gauntlet2	pass between two rows of people and receive blows from them, as a punishment or ordeal.
Gauss	unit of magnetic flux density.
Gauze	thin transparent fabric of silk, cotton, etc.
Gauze	fine mesh of wire etc.
Gavel	Hammer used for calling attention by an auctioneer, chairman, or judge.
Gavotte	old french dance.
Gavotte	music for this.
Gawk	Gawp.
Gawk	Awkward or bashful person.
Gawky	awkward or ungainly.
Gawky	Gawkiness
Gawp	Stare stupidly or obtrusively.
Gay	light-hearted, cheerful.
Gay	brightly coloured.
Gay	Homosexual.
Gay	Careless, thoughtless
Gay	homosexual.
Gayety	being gay; mirth.
Gayety	merrymaking.
Gayety	bright appearance.
Gaze	Look fixedly.
Gaze	Intent look.
Gazebo	summer-house, turret, etc., with a wide view.
Gazelle	small graceful antelope.
Gazette	newspaper
Gazette	official publication with announcements etc.
Gazette	announce or name in an official gazette.
Gazetteer	Geographical index.
Gazpacho	cold spanish soup.
Gazump	raise the price of a property after accepting an offer from
Gazump	swindle.
Gazunder	Lower an offer made to
Gazunder	for a property just before the exchange of contracts.
Gb	Great britain.
Gbh	Grievous bodily harm.
Gc	George cross.
Gce	General certificate of education.
Gchq	Government communications headquarters.
Gcse	General certificate of secondary education.
Gd	Gadolinium.
Gdp	Gross domestic product.
Gdr	Hist. German democratic republic.
Ge	Germanium.
Gear	(often in
Gear	set of toothed wheels that work together, esp. Those connecting the engine of a vehicle to the road wheels.
Gear	particular setting of these
Gear	equipment, apparatus, or tackle.
Gear	Clothing.
Gear	adjust or adapt to.
Gear	equip with gears.
Gear	make ready or prepared.
Gear	put in gear.
Gearbox	set of gears with its casing, esp. In a vehicle.
Gearbox	the casing itself.
Gearing	Set or arrangement of gears.
Gear lever	lever used to engage or change gear.
Gearwheel	Toothed wheel in a set of gears.
Gecko	tropical house-lizard.
Gee1	esp. Us
Gee1	Expression of surprise etc.
Gee2	command to a horse etc. To start or go faster.
Gee-gee	a horse.
Geese	Of *goose.
Geezer	person, esp. An old man.
Geiger counter	Device for detecting and measuring radioactivity.
Geisha	japanese woman trained to entertain men.
Gel	semi-solid jelly-like colloid.
Gel	jelly-like substance used for setting the hair.
Gel	form a gel.
Gelatin	transparent tasteless substance from skin, tendons, etc., used in cookery, photography, etc.
Gelatinous	Of a jelly-like consistency.
Geld	Castrate.
Gelding	Gelded animal, esp.
Gelding	horse.
Gelignite	Explosive made from nitroglycerine.
Gem	precious stone, esp. Cut and polished or engraved.
Gem	thing or person of great beauty or worth.
Gem	adorn with or as with gems.
Geminate	Combined in pairs.
Geminate	double, repeat.
Geminate	arrange in pairs.
Gemini	constellation and third sign of the zodiac
Gemini	person born when the sun is in this sign.
Gemma	small cellular body in plants such as mosses, that separates from the mother-plant and starts a new one.
Gemstone	Precious stone used as a gem.
Gen.	General.
Gen	Information.
Gen	gain or give information.
-gen	Form chem. That which produces
Gendarme	police officer.
Gender	a classification roughly corresponding to the two sexes and sexlessness.
Gender	class of noun according to this classification
Gender	a person's sex.
Gene	Unit in a chromosome determining heredity.
Genealogy	descent traced continuously from an ancestor, pedigree.
Genealogy	study of pedigrees.
Genealogy	organism's line of development from earlier forms.
Genealogy	Genealogically
Genealogy	Genealogist
Genera	Of *genus.
General	including or affecting all or most parts or cases of things.
General	prevalent, usual
General	not partial or particular or local.
General	not limited in application, true of all or nearly all cases
General	not restricted or specialized
General	not detailed
General	vague
General	chief, head; having overall authority
General	a army officer next below field marshal.
General	= lieutenant general
General	, *major-general.
General	commander of an army.
General	strategist
General	head of a religious order, e.g. Of jesuits etc.
General	as a normal rule; usually.
General	for the most part.
General anaesthetic	Anaesthetic affecting the whole body, usu. With loss of consciousness.
General certificate of education	Examination set esp. For secondary-school pupils at advanced level
General certificate of education	in england, wales and northern ireland.
General certificate of secondary education	Examination replacing and combining the gce ordinary level and cse examinations.
General election	National parliamentary election.
Generalissimo	commander of a combined military and naval and air force, or of combined armies.
Generality	general statement or rule.
Generality	general applicability.
Generality	lack of detail.
Generality	main body or majority.
Generalize	a speak in general or indefinite terms.
Generalize	form general notions.
Generalize	reduce to a general statement.
Generalize	infer
Generalize	From particular cases.
Generalize	bring into general use.
Generally	usually; in most respects or cases
Generally	in a general sense; without regard to particulars or exceptions
Generally	for the most part
General meeting	Meeting open to all the members of a society etc.
General practice	Work of a general practitioner.
General practitioner	Community doctor treating cases of all kinds in the first instance.
General staff	Staff assisting a military commander at headquarters.
General strike	Simultaneous strike of workers in all or most trades.
Generate	bring into existence; produce.
Generation	all the people born at about the same time.
Generation	single stage in a family history
Generation	stage in
Generation	development
Generation	average time in which children are ready to take the place of their parents (about
Generation	0 years).
Generation	production, esp. Of electricity.
Generation	procreation.
Generation	Designating a person who emigrated to a place
Generation gap	Differences of outlook between different generations.
Generative	of procreation.
Generative	productive.
Generator	machine for converting mechanical into electrical energy.
Generator	apparatus for producing gas, steam, etc.
Generic	characteristic of or relating to a class; general, not specific or special.
Generic	biol. Characteristic of or belonging to a genus.
Generous	giving or given freely.
Generous	magnanimous, unprejudiced.
Generous	abundant, copious.
Generous	Generously
Genesis	origin; mode of formation.
Genesis	first book of the old testament, with an account of the creation.
Gene therapy	Introduction of normal genes into cells in place of defective or missing ones in order to correct genetic disorders.
Genetic	of genetics or genes.
Genetic	of or in origin.
Genetic code	Arrangement of genetic information in chromosomes.
Genetic engineering	Manipulation of dna to modify hereditary features.
Genetic fingerprinting	identifying individuals by dna patterns.
Genetics	pl.
Genetics	The study of heredity and the variation of inherited characteristics.
Genial	jovial, sociable, kindly.
Genial	mild and warm; conducive to growth.
Genial	cheering.
Genial	Genially
Genie	spirit or goblin with magical powers.
Genital	Of animal reproduction or the reproductive organs.
Genital	(in
Genital	) External reproductive organs.
Genitalia	pl. Genitals.
Genitive	Case expressing possession or close association, corresponding to of, from, etc.
Genitive	Of or in this case.
Genius	a exceptional intellectual or creative power or other natural ability or tendency.
Genius	person with this.
Genius	tutelary spirit of a person, place, etc.
Genius	person or spirit powerfully influencing a person for good or evil.
Genius	prevalent feeling or association etc. Of a people or place.
Genocide	Deliberate extermination of a people or nation.
Genome	the haploid set of chromosomes of an organism.
Genome	the genetic material of an organism.
-genous	Form forming adjectives meaning ‘produced’
Genre	kind or style of art etc.
Genre	painting of scenes from ordinary life.
Gent	gentleman.
Gent	Men's public lavatory.
Genteel	affectedly refined or stylish.
Genteel	upper-class.
Gentian	Mountain plant usu. With blue flowers.
Gentile	Not jewish; heathen.
Gentile	Person who is not jewish.
Gentility	social superiority.
Gentility	genteel manners or behaviour.
Gentle	not rough or severe; mild, kind
Gentle	moderate
Gentle	Honourable, of or fit for gentlefolk.
Gentle	quiet; requiring patience
Gentle	Gently
Gentlefolk	pl. People of good family.
Gentleman	man
Gentleman	chivalrous well-bred man.
Gentleman	man of good social position
Gentleman	man of gentle birth attached to a royal household
Gentleman	(in
Gentleman	male audience or part of this.
Gentlemanly	Like or befitting a gentleman.
Gentleman's agreement	agreement binding in honour but not enforceable.
Gentlewoman	woman of good birth or breeding.
Gentrification	Upgrading of a working-class urban area by the arrival of more affluent residents.
Gentry	people next below the nobility.
Gentry	derog. People
Genuflect	Bend the knee, esp. In worship.
Genuine	really coming from its reputed source etc.
Genuine	properly so called; not sham; sincere.
Genuine	Genuineness
Genus	taxonomic category of animals or plants with common structural characteristics, usu. Containing several species.
Genus	kind of things including subordinate kinds or species.
Genus	Kind, class.
Geo-	Form earth.
Geocentric	considered as viewed from the earth's centre.
Geocentric	having the earth as the centre.
Geode	cavity lined with crystals.
Geode	rock containing this.
Geodesic	of geodesy.
Geodesic line	Shortest possible line between two points on a curved surface.
Geodesy	The study of the shape and area of the earth.
Geographical	of geography.
Geographical mile	Distance of one minute of longitude or latitude at the equator (about
Geographical mile	.85 km).
Geography	science of the earth's physical features, resources, climate, population, etc.
Geography	features or arrangement of an area, rooms, etc.
Geology	science of the earth's crust, strata, origin of its rocks, etc.
Geology	geological features of a district.
Geology	Geologically
Geology	Geologist
Geometric	of geometry.
Geometric	With regular lines and shapes.
Geometric progression	Progression with a constant ratio between successive quantities (as
Geometry	Science of the properties and relations of lines, surfaces, and solids.
Geophysics	pl.
Geophysics	Physics of the earth.
Geordie	Native of tyneside.
George cross	Decoration for bravery awarded esp. To civilians.
Georgette	Thin dress-material similar to crêpe.
Georgian1	Of the time of kings george i–iv or of george v and vi.
Georgian2	Of georgia in eastern europe or the us.
Georgian2	native or language of georgia in eastern europe.
Georgian2	native of georgia in the us.
Geranium	cultivated pelargonium.
Geranium	herb or shrub bearing fruit shaped like a crane's bill.
Gerbil	mouselike desert rodent with long hind legs.
Geriatric	of old people.
Geriatric	Old, outdated.
Geriatric	Old person.
Geriatrics	pl.
Geriatrics	Branch of medicine or social science dealing with the health and care of old people.
Germ	micro-organism, esp. One causing disease.
Germ	portion of an organism capable of developing into a new one; rudiment of an animal or plant in seed
Germ	thing that may develop; elementary principle.
German	a native or national of germany.
German	person of german descent.
German	language of germany.
German	Of germany or its people or language.
German	having both parents the same, or both grandparents the same on one side
Germander	Plant of the mint family.
Germane	relevant
Germanic	having german characteristics.
Germanic	hist. Of the germans.
Germanic	of the scandinavians, anglo-saxons, or germans.
Germanic	the branch of indo-european languages which includes english, german, dutch, and the scandinavian languages.
Germanic	the primitive language of germanic peoples.
Germanium	Brittle greyish-white semi-metallic element.
German measles	pl. Disease like mild measles; rubella.
German measles	pl. Disease like mild measles; rubella.
Germano-	Form german.
German silver	White alloy of nickel, zinc, and copper.
Germicide	Substance that destroys germs.
Germinal	of germs.
Germinal	in the earliest stage of development.
Germinal	productive of new ideas.
Germinate	sprout, bud, or develop.
Germinate	cause to do this.
Germinate	Germinative
Germ warfare	Use of germs to spread disease in war.
Gerontology	The study of old age and the process of ageing.
Gerrymander	Manipulate the boundaries of
Gerrymander	So as to give undue influence to some party or class.
Gerrymander	This practice.
Gerund	Verbal noun, in english ending in -ing
Gesso	gypsum as used in painting or sculpture.
Gestapo	Hist. Nazi secret police.
Gestation	a process of carrying or being carried in the uterus between conception and birth.
Gestation	this period.
Gestation	development of a plan, idea, etc.
Gesticulate	use gestures instead of, or to reinforce, speech.
Gesticulate	express thus.
Gesture	significant movement of a limb or the body.
Gesture	use of such movements, esp. As a rhetorical device.
Gesture	action to evoke a response or convey intention, usu. Friendly.
Gesture	gesticulate.
Get	(getting; past got;
Get	Got or us gotten) (and in
Get	come into possession of; receive or earn
Get	fetch or procure
Get	go to reach or catch
Get	prepare
Get	reach some state or become
Get	obtain as a result of calculation.
Get	contract
Get	establish contact by telephone etc. With; receive
Get	experience or suffer; have inflicted on one; receive as one's lot or penalty
Get	0 a succeed in bringing, placing, etc.
Get	succeed in coming or going
Get	a possess
Get	Be bound or obliged
Get	Induce; prevail upon
Get	Understand
Get	Harm, injure, kill, esp. In retaliation
Get	annoy.
Get	affect emotionally.
Get	attract.
Get	Develop an inclination
Get	begin
Get	8 establish
Get	In one's mind.
Get	beget.
Get	travel extensively or fast; go from place to place.
Get	begin walking etc.
Get	. Get across
Get	communicate
Get	Be communicated. Get ahead make progress
Get	. Get along
Get	live harmoniously. Get around = get about. Get at
Get	reach; get hold of.
Get	Imply.
Get	Nag, criticize. Get away
Get	escape, start.
Get	(as
Get	Expressing disbelief or scepticism.
Get	escape blame or punishment for. Get back at
Get	Retaliate against. Get by
Get	Manage, even if with difficulty. Get cracking see *crack. Get down
Get	alight, descend
Get	record in writing.
Get-at-able	Accessible.
Getaway	Escape, esp. After a crime.
Get-out	Means of avoiding something.
Get-together	Social gathering.
Get-up	Style or arrangement of dress etc.
Get-up-and-go	Energy, enthusiasm.
Geyser	intermittent hot spring.
Geyser	apparatus for heating water.
Ghastly	horrible, frightful.
Ghastly	Unpleasant.
Ghastly	deathlike, pallid.
Ghee	Indian clarified butter.
Gherkin	Small pickled cucumber.
Ghetto	part of a city occupied by a minority group.
Ghetto	hist. Jewish quarter in a city.
Ghetto	segregated group or area.
Ghetto-blaster	large portable radio, esp. For playing loud pop music.
Ghost	supposed apparition of a dead person or animal; disembodied spirit.
Ghost	shadow or semblance
Ghost	secondary image in a defective telescope or television picture.
Ghost	act as ghost-writer of
Ghost	Ghostly
Ghosting	Appearance of a ‘ghost’ image in a television picture.
Ghost town	Town with few or no remaining inhabitants.
Ghost train	open-topped miniature railway in which the rider experiences ghoulish sights, sounds, etc.
Ghost-writer	Person who writes on behalf of the credited author.
Ghoul	person morbidly interested in death etc.
Ghoul	evil spirit or phantom.
Ghoul	spirit in muslim folklore preying on corpses.
Ghoul	Ghoulishly
Ghq	General headquarters.
Gi	(often
Gi	) Soldier in the us army.
Giant	imaginary or mythical being of human form but superhuman size.
Giant	person or thing of great size, ability, courage, etc.
Giant	gigantic.
Giant	of a very large kind.
Gibber	Jabber inarticulately.
Gibberish	Unintelligible or meaningless speech; nonsense.
Gibbet	Hist.
Gibbet	a gallows.
Gibbet	post with an arm on which an executed criminal was hung.
Gibbet	death by hanging.
Gibbet	put to death by hanging.
Gibbet	expose or hang up on a gibbet.
Gibbon	Long-armed se asian anthropoid ape.
Gibbous	convex.
Gibbous	having the bright part greater than a semicircle and less than a circle.
Gibbous	humpbacked.
Gibe	jeer, mock.
Gibe	Jeering remark, taunt.
Giblets	pl. Edible organs etc. Of a bird, removed and usu. Cooked separately.
Giddy	dizzy, tending to fall or stagger.
Giddy	a mentally intoxicated
Giddy	excitable, frivolous, flighty.
Giddy	making dizzy
Giddy	Giddiness
Gift	thing given; present.
Gift	natural ability or talent.
Gift	the power to give
Gift	giving.
Gift	Easy task.
Gifted	Talented; intelligent.
Gift of the gab	Eloquence, loquacity.
Gift token	voucher used as a gift and exchangeable for goods.
Gift-wrap	Wrap attractively as a gift.
Gig1	light two-wheeled one-horse carriage.
Gig1	light ship's boat for rowing or sailing.
Gig1	rowing-boat esp. For racing.
Gig2	Engagement to play music etc., usu. For one night.
Gig2	perform a gig.
Giga-	Form one thousand million
Gigantic	Huge, giant-like.
Giggle	laugh in half-suppressed spasms.
Giggle	such a laugh.
Giggle	Amusing person or thing; joke
Gigolo	young man paid by an older woman to be her escort or lover.
Gild1	(past part. Gilded or as
Gild1	In sense
Gild1	gilt)
Gild1	cover thinly with gold.
Gild1	tinge with a golden colour.
Gild1	give a false brilliance to.
Gill1	(usu. In
Gill1	respiratory organ in a fish etc.
Gill1	vertical radial plate on the underside of a mushroom etc.
Gill1	flesh below a person's jaws and ears.
Gill2	Unit of liquid measure equal to
Gill2	/4 pint.
Gill3	deep usu. Wooded ravine.
Gill3	narrow mountain torrent.
Gillie	scot. Man or boy attending a person hunting or fishing.
Gillyflower	Clove-scented flower, e.g.
Gillyflower	wallflower or the clove-scented pink.
Gilt1	thinly covered with gold.
Gilt1	gold-coloured.
Gilt1	gilding.
Gilt1	gilt-edged security.
Gilt2	Young sow.
Gilt-edged	Having a high degree of reliability.
Gimbals	pl. Contrivance of rings and pivots for keeping instruments horizontal in ships, aircraft, etc.
Gimcrack	Showy but flimsy and worthless.
Gimcrack	Showy ornament; knick-knack.
Gimlet	Small tool with a screw-tip for boring holes.
Gimlet eye	Eye with a piercing glance.
Gimmick	Trick or device, esp. To attract attention or publicity.
Gimmick	Gimmicky
Gimp	twist of silk etc. With cord or wire running through it.
Gimp	fishing-line of silk etc. Bound with wire.
Gin1	Spirit made from grain or malt and flavoured with juniper berries.
Gin2	snare, trap.
Gin2	machine separating cotton from its seeds.
Gin2	a kind of crane and windlass.
Gin2	treat
Gin2	in a gin.
Gin2	trap.
Ginger	a hot spicy root usu. Powdered for use in cooking, or preserved in syrup, or candied.
Ginger	plant having this root.
Ginger	light reddish-yellow.
Ginger	spirit, mettle.
Ginger	Of a ginger colour.
Ginger	flavour with ginger.
Ginger	enliven.
Ginger ale	Ginger-flavoured non-alcoholic drink.
Ginger beer	Mildly alcoholic or non-alcoholic cloudy drink made from fermented ginger and syrup.
Gingerbread	Ginger-flavoured treacle cake.
Gingerbread	Gaudy, tawdry.
Ginger group	Group urging a party or movement to stronger policy or action.
Gingerly	In a careful or cautious manner.
Gingerly	Showing great care or caution.
Ginger-nut	Ginger-flavoured biscuit.
Gingham	Plain-woven cotton cloth, esp. Striped or checked.
Gingivitis	Inflammation of the gums.
Ginkgo	tree with fan-shaped leaves and yellow flowers.
Ginormous	enormous.
Gin rummy	Form of the card-game rummy.
Ginseng	plant found in e. Asia and
Ginseng	America.
Ginseng	root of this used as a medicinal tonic.
Gippy tummy	Diarrhoea affecting visitors to hot countries.
Giraffe	large four-legged african animal with a long neck and forelegs.
Gird	(past and
Gird	Girded or girt)
Gird	encircle, attach, or secure, with a belt or band.
Gird	enclose or encircle.
Gird	place
Gird	Round.
Girder	Iron or steel beam or compound structure for bridge-building etc.
Girdle1	belt or cord worn round the waist.
Girdle1	corset.
Girdle1	thing that surrounds.
Girdle1	bony support for the limbs
Girdle1	surround with a girdle.
Girdle2	Scot. &
Girdle2	engl. Var. Of *griddle.
Girl	female child, daughter.
Girl	Young woman.
Girl	Girlfriend.
Girl	female servant.
Girl	Girlish
Girl	Girly
Girl friday	Female helper or follower.
Girlfriend	person's regular female companion or lover.
Girlfriend	female friend.
Girlie	Depicting young women in erotic poses.
Giro	system of credit transfer between banks, post offices, etc.
Giro	cheque or payment by giro.
Giro	pay by giro.
Girth	distance round a thing.
Girth	band round the body of a horse to secure the saddle etc.
Gismo	gadget.
Gist	Substance or essence of a matter.
Git	silly or contemptible person.
Gîte	Furnished holiday house in the french countryside.
Give	(-ving; past gave;
Give	Given)
Give	transfer the possession of freely; hand over as a present; donate.
Give	a transfer temporarily; provide with
Give	administer
Give	deliver
Give	make over in exchange or payment.
Give	a confer; grant
Give	accord; bestow
Give	pledge
Give	a perform
Give	utter; declare
Give	be inclined to or fond of
Give	yield to pressure; collapse.
Give	yield as a product or result (gives an average of
Give	a consign, put
Give	sanction the marriage of
Give	0 devote; dedicate
Give	1 present; offer; show; hold out
Give	2 impart; be a source of; cause
Give	3 concede
Give	4 deliver
Give	Authoritatively.
Give	5 provide
Give	As host.
Give	6 (in
Give	) Assume or grant or specify
Give	Tell what one knows.
Give	Capacity to yield or comply; elasticity.
Give	exchange of words, ideas, blows, etc.
Give	ability to compromise. Give away
Give	transfer as a gift.
Give	hand over
Give	to a bridegroom.
Give	reveal
Give	. Give the game
Give	away reveal a secret or intention. Give in
Give	yield; acknowledge defeat.
Give	hand in
Give	To an official etc. Give it to a person
Give	Scold or punish. Give me i prefer
Give	. Give off emit
Give	. Give oneself up to
Give	abandon oneself to
Give	addict oneself to. Give on to
Give	Overlook or lead into. Give or take
Give	Accepting as a margin of error in estimating. Give out
Give	announce; emit; distribute.
Give	be exhausted.
Give	run short. Give over
Give	Stop or desist.
Give	hand over.
Give	devote. Give rise to cause. Give a person to understand inform or assure. Give up
Give	resign; surrender.
Give	part with.
Give-away	unintentional revelation.
Give-away	thing given as a gift or at a low price.
Gizzard	second part of a bird's stomach, for grinding food.
Gizzard	muscular stomach of some fish etc.
Glacé	preserved in sugar.
Glacé	Smooth; polished.
Glacé icing	Icing made with icing sugar and water.
Glacial	of ice.
Glacial	geol. Characterized or produced by ice.
Glacial period	Period when an exceptionally large area was covered by ice.
Glaciated	marked or polished by the action of ice.
Glaciated	covered by glaciers or ice sheets.
Glacier	Mass of land ice formed by the accumulation of snow on high ground.
Glad	Pleased.
Glad	expressing or causing pleasure
Glad	ready and willing
Glad	Gladness
Gladden	Make or become glad.
Glade	Open space in a forest.
Glad eye	Amorous glance.
Glad hand	Hearty welcome.
Gladiator	Hist. Trained fighter in ancient roman shows.
Gladiolus	plant of the lily family with sword-shaped leaves and flower-spikes.
Glad rags	Best clothes.
Gladsome	Poet. Cheerful, joyous.
Gladstone bag	Bag with two compartments joined by a hinge.
Glair	white of egg.
Glair	adhesive preparation made from this.
Glam	Glamorous.
Glamor	physical, esp. Cosmetic, attractiveness.
Glamor	alluring or exciting beauty or charm.
Glamor	Glamorously
Glamorize	make glamorous or attractive.
Glamour	physical, esp. Cosmetic, attractiveness.
Glamour	alluring or exciting beauty or charm.
Glamour	Glamorously
Glance	Look briefly, direct one's eye.
Glance	strike at an angle and glide off an object
Glance	refer briefly or indirectly to a subject or subjects.
Glance	Flash or dart.
Glance	brief look.
Glance	flash or gleam.
Glance	glancing stroke in cricket.
Gland	organ or similar structure secreting substances for use in the body or for ejection.
Gland	bot. Similar organ in a plant.
Glanders	pl. Contagious disease of horses.
Glandular	Of a gland or glands.
Glandular fever	Infectious disease with swelling of the lymph glands.
Glare	look fiercely or fixedly.
Glare	shine dazzlingly or oppressively.
Glare	a strong fierce light, esp. Sunshine.
Glare	oppressive public attention
Glare	fierce or fixed look.
Glare	tawdry brilliance.
Glaring	obvious, conspicuous
Glaring	shining oppressively.
Glasnost	policy of more open government and access to information.
Glass	a (often
Glass	) Hard, brittle, usu. Transparent substance, made by fusing sand with soda and lime etc.
Glass	substance of similar properties.
Glass	glass objects collectively.
Glass	a glass drinking vessel.
Glass	its contents.
Glass	mirror.
Glass	glazed frame for plants.
Glass	barometer.
Glass	covering of a watch-face.
Glass	lens.
Glass	(in
Glass	spectacles.
Glass	binoculars.
Glass	(usu. As glassed
Glass	) Fit with glass.
Glass-blowing	Blowing semi-molten glass to make glassware.
Glass fibre	Filaments of glass made into fabric or embedded in plastic as reinforcement.
Glasshouse	greenhouse.
Glasshouse	military prison.
Glass-paper	Paper coated with glass particles, for smoothing and polishing.
Glassware	Articles made of glass.
Glass wool	Mass of fine glass fibres for packing and insulation.
Glassy	like glass.
Glassy	Abstracted; dull; fixed.
Glaswegian	Of glasgow.
Glaswegian	Native of glasgow.
Glaucoma	Eye-condition with increased pressure in the eyeball and gradual loss of sight.
Glaze	fit
Glaze	With glass or
Glaze	with windows.
Glaze	a cover
Glaze	With a glaze.
Glaze	fix
Glaze	on pottery thus.
Glaze	cover
Glaze	With a glaze.
Glaze	become glassy.
Glaze	give a glassy surface to.
Glaze	vitreous substance for glazing pottery.
Glaze	smooth shiny coating on food etc.
Glaze	thin coat of transparent paint to modify underlying tone.
Glaze	surface formed by glazing.
Glazier	Person whose trade is glazing windows etc.
Gleam	Faint or brief light or show.
Gleam	Emit gleams, shine.
Glean	acquire
Glean	In small amounts.
Glean	gather
Gleanings	pl. Things gleaned, esp. Facts.
Glebe	Piece of land as part of a clergyman's benefice and providing income.
Glee	mirth; delight.
Glee	part-song for three or more
Glee	voices.
Gleeful	Joyful.
Gleeful	Gleefulness
Glen	Narrow valley.
Glengarry	brimless scottish hat cleft down the centre and with ribbons at the back.
Glib	speaking or spoken quickly or fluently but without sincerity.
Glib	Glibness
Glide	move smoothly and continuously.
Glide	fly without engine-power.
Glide	pass gradually or imperceptibly.
Glide	go stealthily.
Glide	cause to glide.
Glide	Gliding movement.
Glide path	Aircraft's line of descent to land.
Glider	Light aircraft without an engine.
Glimmer	Shine faintly or intermittently.
Glimmer	feeble or wavering light.
Glimmer	small sign
Glimpse	brief view or look.
Glimpse	faint transient appearance
Glimpse	have a brief view of
Glint	Flash, glitter.
Glint	Flash, sparkle.
Glissade	controlled slide down a snow slope in mountaineering.
Glissade	gliding step in ballet.
Glissade	perform a glissade.
Glissando	Continuous slide of adjacent notes.
Glisten	Shine like a wet or polished surface.
Glisten	Glitter; sparkle.
Glitch	Sudden irregularity or malfunction
Glitter	shine with a bright reflected light; sparkle.
Glitter	be showy or splendid.
Glitter	sparkle.
Glitter	showiness.
Glitter	tiny pieces of sparkling material as decoration etc.
Glitterati	rich fashionable people.
Glitz	showy glamour.
Gloaming	Scot. Or poet. Twilight.
Gloat	Look or consider with greed, malice, etc.
Gloat	Act of gloating.
Glob	Mass or lump of semi-liquid substance, e.g. Mud.
Global	worldwide
Global	all-embracing.
Global warming	Increase in the temperature of the earth's atmosphere caused by the greenhouse effect.
Globe	the earth.
Globe	spherical representation of it with a map on the surface.
Globe	spherical object, e.g.
Globe	fish-bowl, lamp, etc.
Globe artichoke	The partly edible head of the artichoke plant.
Globe-trotter	Person who travels widely.
Globular	globe-shaped.
Globular	composed of globules.
Globule	Small globe or round particle or drop.
Globulin	Molecule-transporting protein in plant and animal tissues.
Glockenspiel	Musical instrument with bells or metal bars or tubes struck by hammers.
Gloom	darkness; obscurity.
Gloom	melancholy; despondency.
Gloomy	dark; unlit.
Gloomy	depressed or depressing.
Gloomy	Gloominess
Glorify	make glorious.
Glorify	make seem better or more splendid than it is.
Glorify	(as glorified
Glorify	) Invested with more attractiveness, importance, etc. Than it has in reality
Glorify	extol.
Glorious	possessing or conferring glory; illustrious.
Glorious	Often iron. Splendid, excellent
Glory	renown, fame; honour.
Glory	adoring praise.
Glory	resplendent majesty, beauty, etc.
Glory	thing that brings renown, distinction, or pride.
Glory	heavenly bliss and splendour.
Glory	State of exaltation, prosperity, etc.
Glory	halo of a saint etc.
Glory	pride oneself.
Glory-hole	Untidy room, cupboard, etc.
Gloss1	surface shine or lustre.
Gloss1	deceptively attractive appearance.
Gloss1	paint giving a glossy finish.
Gloss1	Make glossy.
Gloss2	explanatory comment added to a text, e.g. In the margin.
Gloss2	interpretation or paraphrase.
Gloss2	Add a gloss to
Glossary	list or dictionary of technical or special words.
Glossary	collection of glosses.
Glossy	smooth and shiny
Glossy	printed on such paper.
Glossy	Glossy magazine or photograph.
Glossy	Glossiness
Glottal	Of the glottis.
Glottal stop	Sound produced by the sudden opening or shutting of the glottis.
Glottis	Opening at the upper end of the windpipe and between the vocal cords.
Gloucester	cheese made in gloucestershire.
Glove	hand-covering for protection, warmth, etc., usu. With separate fingers.
Glove	boxing glove.
Glove	cover or provide with gloves.
Glove compartment	Recess for small articles in the dashboard of a car etc.
Glove puppet	Small puppet fitted on the hand and worked by the fingers.
Glover	Glove-maker.
Glow	a emit light and heat without flame.
Glow	shine as if heated in this way.
Glow	be heated.
Glow	show or feel strong emotion
Glow	show a warm colour.
Glow	(as glowing
Glow	) Expressing pride or satisfaction
Glow	glowing state.
Glow	bright warm colour.
Glow	feeling of satisfaction or well-being.
Glower	look angrily.
Glower	look dark or threatening.
Glower	Glowering look.
Glow-worm	Beetle whose wingless female emits light from the end of the abdomen.
Gloxinia	American tropical plant with large bell-shaped flowers.
Glucose	Sugar found in the blood or in fruit juice etc., and as a constituent of starch, cellulose, etc.
Glue	Adhesive substance.
Glue	fasten or join with glue.
Glue	keep or put very close
Glue ear	Blocking of the eustachian tube, esp. In children.
Glue-sniffing	Inhalation of fumes from adhesives as an intoxicant.
Glum	dejected; sullen.
Glum	Glumness
Glut	feed
Glut	Or indulge
Glut	To the full; satiate.
Glut	fill to excess.
Glut	overstock
Glut	supply exceeding demand.
Glut	full indulgence; surfeit.
Glutamate	Salt or ester of glutamic acid, esp.
Glutamate	sodium salt used to enhance the flavour of food.
Glutamic acid	Amino acid normally found in proteins.
Gluten	Mixture of proteins present in cereal grains; sticky protein substance left when starch is washed out of flour.
Glutinous	Sticky; like glue.
Glutton	greedy eater.
Glutton	Person insatiably eager
Glutton	voracious animal of the weasel family.
Glutton	Gluttonously
Glutton for punishment	Person eager to take on hard or unpleasant tasks.
Gluttony	Greed or excess in eating.
Glycerin	thick sweet colourless liquid used as medicine, ointment, etc., and in explosives.
Glycerine	thick sweet colourless liquid used as medicine, ointment, etc., and in explosives.
Glycogen	Polysaccharide serving as a store of carbohydrates, esp. In animal tissues.
Glycolysis	Breakdown of glucose by enzymes with the release of energy.
Gm	George medal.
Gm	Gram
G-man	Federal criminal-investigation officer.
Gms	Grant maintained status.
Gmt	Greenwich mean time.
Gnarled	Knobbly, twisted, rugged.
Gnash	grind
Gnash	strike together.
Gnat	Small two-winged biting fly.
Gnaw	Wear away by biting.
Gnaw	bite persistently.
Gnaw	a corrode; wear away.
Gnaw	Torment.
Gneiss	-grained metamorphic rock of feldspar, quartz, and mica.
Gnome	a dwarfish legendary spirit or goblin living underground.
Gnome	figure of this as a garden ornament.
Gnome	(esp. In
Gnome	Person with sinister influence, esp. Financial
Gnomic	Of aphorisms; sententious.
Gnomon	Rod or pin etc. On a sundial, showing the time by its shadow.
Gnostic	of knowledge; having special mystical knowledge.
Gnostic	concerning the gnostics.
Gnostic	(usu. In
Gnostic	) Early christian heretic claiming mystical knowledge.
Gnp	Gross national product.
Gnu	oxlike antelope.
Go1	(3rd sing. Present goes; past went;
Go1	Gone)
Go1	a start moving or be moving from one place or point in time to another; travel, proceed.
Go1	Expressing annoyance
Go1	make a special trip for; participate in
Go1	lie or extend in a certain direction
Go1	leave; depart
Go1	move, act, work, etc.
Go1	a make a specified movement
Go1	make a sound
Go1	make
Go1	Say
Go1	be in a specified state
Go1	a pass into a specified condition
Go1	Die.
Go1	proceed or escape in a specified condition
Go1	pass, elapse; be traversed
Go1	0 a
Go1	Have a specified content or wording
Go1	be current or accepted
Go1	be suitable; fit; match
Go1	be regularly kept or put
Go1	find room; fit
Go1	1 a turn out, proceed; take a course or view
Go1	be successful
Go1	2 a be sold
Go1	be spent.
Go1	3 a be relinquished or abolished
Go1	fail, decline; give way, collapse
Go1	4 be acceptable or permitted; be accepted without question
Go1	be guided by; judge or act on or in harmony with
Go1	6 attend regularly
Go1	Proceed
Go1	to do
Go1	8 act or proceed to a certain point
Go1	be capable of being contained in another (6 into
Go1	won't go).
Go1	be allotted or awarded; pass
Go1	amount to; contribute to
Go1	Begin motion
Go1	be known or called
Go1	Proceed to
Go1	apply to
Go1	mettle; animation
Go1	vigorous activity
Go1	Success
Go1	Turn; attempt
Go1	Functioning properly
Go1	set to work at.
Go1	be socially active.
Go1	Make a habit of doing. Go ahead proceed without hesitation. Go along with agree to or with. Go back on fail to keep
Go1	. Go begging see *beg. Go down
Go1	become less through use
Go1	subside
Go1	decrease in price.
Go1	sink.
Go1	set.
Go1	fall.
Go1	deteriorate;
Go1	Cease to function.
Go1	be recorded in writing.
Go1	be swallowed.
Go1	find acceptance.
Go1	Leave university.
Goad	urge on with a goad.
Goad	irritate; stimulate.
Goad	spiked stick used for urging cattle forward.
Goad	anything that torments or incites.
Go-ahead	Permission to proceed.
Go-ahead	Enterprising.
Goal	object of ambition or effort; destination.
Goal	a structure into or through which the ball has to be sent to score in certain games.
Goal	point won.
Goal	point marking the finish of a race.
Goalkeeper	Player defending a goal.
Goalpost	Either of the two upright posts of a goal.
Goat	hardy domesticated mammal, with horns and
Goat	a beard.
Goat	lecherous man.
Goat	Foolish person.
Goat	zodiacal sign or constellation capricorn.
Goat	Irritate a person.
Goatee	Small pointed beard.
Goatherd	Person who tends goats.
Goatskin	skin of a goat.
Goatskin	garment or bottle made of goatskin.
Gob1	mouth.
Gob2	Clot of slimy matter.
Gob2	spit.
Gobbet	piece or lump of flesh, food, etc.
Gobbet	extract from a text, esp. One set for translation or comment.
Gobble1	eat hurriedly and noisily.
Gobble2	make a characteristic guttural sound.
Gobble2	make such a sound when speaking.
Gobbledegook	Pompous or unintelligible jargon.
Go-between	Intermediary.
Goblet	Drinking-vessel with a foot and stem.
Goblin	Mischievous ugly dwarflike creature of folklore.
Gobsmacked	flabbergasted.
Gob-stopper	Large hard sweet.
Goby	small fish with ventral fins joined to form a disc or sucker.
Go-cart	Var. Of *go-kart.
God	superhuman being or spirit worshipped as having power over nature, human fortunes, etc.
God	image, idol, etc., symbolizing a god.
God	creator and ruler of the universe.
God	adored or greatly admired person.
God	(in
God	) Theatr. Gallery.
God	it is beyond all knowledge.
God	i call god to witness that. God willing if providence allows.
Godchild	Person in relation to his or her godparent.
God-daughter	Female godchild.
Goddess	female deity.
Goddess	adored woman.
Godfather	male godparent.
Godfather	esp. Us person directing an illegal organization, esp. The mafia.
God-fearing	Earnestly religious.
God-forsaken	Dismal.
Godhead	a state of being god or a god.
Godhead	divine nature.
Godhead	deity.
Godhead	god.
Godless	impious; wicked.
Godless	without a god.
Godless	not recognizing god.
Godlike	Resembling god or a god.
Godly	pious, devout.
Godmother	Female godparent.
Godparent	Person who presents a child at baptism and responds on the child's behalf.
Godsend	Unexpected but welcome event or acquisition.
Godson	Male godchild.
Godspeed	Expression of good wishes to a person starting a journey.
Goer	person or thing that goes
Goer	(often in
Goer	) Person who attends, esp. Regularly
Goer	lively or persevering person.
Goer	sexually promiscuous person.
Go-getter	Aggressively enterprising person.
Goggle	look with wide-open eyes.
Goggle	be rolled about; protrude.
Goggle	roll
Goggle	(usu.
Goggle	protuberant or rolling.
Goggle	(in
Goggle	) Spectacles for protecting the eyes.
Goggle-box	Television set.
Go-go	In modern style; lively, erotic, and rhythmic.
Going	act or process of going.
Going	a condition of the ground for walking, riding, etc.
Going	progress affected by this.
Going	in or into action
Going	existing, available
Going	current, prevalent
Going concern	Thriving business.
Going-over	Inspection or overhaul.
Going-over	thrashing.
Goings-on	pl.
Goings-on	behaviour.
Goiter	morbid enlargement of the thyroid gland.
Goitre	morbid enlargement of the thyroid gland.
Go-kart	miniature racing car with a skeleton body.
Gold	precious yellow metallic element.
Gold	colour of gold.
Gold	a coins or articles made of gold.
Gold	wealth.
Gold	something precious or beautiful.
Gold	made wholly or chiefly of gold.
Gold	coloured like gold.
Goldcrest	Tiny bird with a golden crest.
Gold-digger	woman who cultivates men to obtain money from them.
Gold-dust	Gold in fine particles as often found naturally.
Golden	a made or consisting of gold.
Golden	yielding gold.
Golden	coloured or shining like gold
Golden	precious; excellent.
Golden age	Period of a nation's greatest prosperity, cultural merit, etc.
Golden eagle	Large eagle with yellow-tipped head-feathers.
Golden handshake	Payment given on redundancy or early retirement.
Golden jubilee	Fiftieth anniversary.
Golden mean	The principle of moderation.
Golden retriever	Retriever with a thick golden-coloured coat.
Golden rod	Plant with a spike of yellow flowers.
Golden rule	Basic principle of action, esp. ‘do as you would be done by’.
Golden wedding	Fiftieth anniversary of a wedding.
Gold-field	District in which gold occurs naturally.
Goldfinch	Songbird with a yellow band across each wing.
Goldfish	small reddish-golden chinese carp.
Gold foil	Gold beaten into a thin sheet.
Gold leaf	Gold beaten into a very thin sheet.
Gold medal	Medal of gold, usu. Awarded as first prize.
Gold-mine	place where gold is mined.
Gold-mine	Source of great wealth.
Gold plate	vessels made of gold.
Gold plate	material plated with gold.
Gold-plate	Plate with gold.
Gold-rush	Rush to a newly-discovered gold-field.
Goldsmith	Worker in gold.
Gold standard	System by which the value of a currency is defined in terms of gold.
Golf	Game in which a small hard ball is driven with clubs into a series of
Golf	8 or
Golf	holes with the fewest possible strokes.
Golf	Play golf.
Golf ball	ball used in golf.
Golf ball	Small ball used in some electric typewriters to carry the type.
Golf club	club used in golf.
Golf club	association for playing golf.
Golf club	premises of this.
Golf-course	course on which golf is played.
Golliwog	Black-faced soft doll with fuzzy hair.
Golly1	Expressing surprise.
Gonad	Animal organ producing gametes, esp. The testis or ovary.
Gondola	light flat-bottomed boat used on venetian canals.
Gondola	car suspended from an airship or balloon, or attached to a ski-lift.
Gondolier	Oarsman on a gondola.
Gone	past
Gone	a lost; hopeless.
Gone	dead.
Gone	Pregnant for a specified time
Gone	completely enthralled or entranced, esp. By rhythmic music, drugs, etc.
Gone	infatuated with.
Goner	person or thing that is doomed or irrevocably lost.
Gong	metal disc with a turned rim, giving a resonant note when struck.
Gong	saucer-shaped bell.
Gong	medal.
Gonorrhea	venereal disease with inflammatory discharge from the urethra or vagina.
Gonorrhoea	venereal disease with inflammatory discharge from the urethra or vagina.
Goo	sticky or slimy substance.
Goo	sickly sentiment.
Good	having the right or desired qualities; adequate.
Good	efficient, competent
Good	effective, reliable
Good	a kind.
Good	morally excellent; virtuous
Good	well-behaved
Good	enjoyable, agreeable
Good	thorough, considerable
Good	a not less than
Good	considerable in number, quality, etc.
Good	beneficial
Good	a valid, sound
Good	financially sound
Good	in exclamations of surprise
Good	commendable, worthy
Good	1 in courteous greetings and farewells
Good	That which is good; what is beneficial or morally right
Good	(in
Good	movable property or merchandise.
Good	things to be transported.
Good	What one has undertaken to supply
Good	Well
Good	beneficial to; having a good effect on.
Good	able to perform.
Good	able to be trusted to pay. Good riddance see *riddance. Have the goods on a person
Good	have information about a person giving one an advantage over him or her. In good faith with honest or sincere intentions. In good time
Good	with no risk of being late.
Good	in due course but without haste. To the good having as profit or benefit.
Good book	the bible.
Goodby	Expressing good wishes on parting, ending a telephone conversation, etc.
Goodby	parting; farewell.
Goodbye	Expressing good wishes on parting, ending a telephone conversation, etc.
Goodbye	parting; farewell.
Good faith	Sincerity of intention.
Good-for-nothing	Worthless.
Good-for-nothing	Worthless person.
Good friday	Friday before easter sunday, commemorating the crucifixion.
Good-hearted	Kindly, well-meaning.
Good humour	Genial mood.
Good-humoured	Cheerful, amiable.
Good job	Fortunate state of affairs.
Good-looking	Handsome.
Goodly	handsome.
Goodly	of imposing size etc.
Good nature	Friendly disposition.
Good-natured	Kind, patient; easygoing.
Goodness	virtue; excellence.
Goodness	kindness
Goodness	what is beneficial in a thing.
Goodness	expressing surprise, anger, etc.
Good-tempered	Having a good temper; not easily annoyed.
Goodwill	kindly feeling.
Goodwill	established reputation of a business etc. As enhancing its value.
Goodwill	willingness to undertake unpaid duties.
Good will	Intention that good will result
Good works	pl. Charitable acts.
Goody	Good or favoured person.
Goody	(usu. In
Goody	) Something good or attractive, esp. To eat.
Goody	Expressing childish delight.
Goody-goody	smug or obtrusively virtuous person.
Goody-goody	Obtrusively or smugly virtuous.
Gooey	viscous, sticky.
Gooey	sentimental.
Goof	foolish or stupid person.
Goof	mistake.
Goof	bungle.
Goof	blunder.
Goofy	stupid.
Goofy	having protruding or crooked front teeth.
Googly	cricket ball bowled so as to bounce in an unexpected direction.
Goon	stupid person.
Goon	esp. Us ruffian hired by racketeers etc.
Goose	a large water-bird with webbed feet and a broad bill.
Goose	female of this (opp. *gander
Goose	flesh of a goose as food.
Goose	Simpleton.
Gooseberry	yellowish-green berry with juicy flesh.
Gooseberry	thorny shrub bearing this.
Gooseberry	Be an unwanted extra person.
Goose-flesh	bristling state of the skin produced by cold, fright, etc.
Goose-step	Military marching step in which the knees are kept stiff.
Gopher	American burrowing rodent, ground-squirrel, or burrowing tortoise.
Gore1	Blood shed and clotted.
Gore2	pierce with a horn, tusk, etc.
Gore3	wedge-shaped piece in a garment.
Gore3	triangular or tapering piece in an umbrella etc.
Gore3	shape
Gore3	with a gore.
Gorge	narrow opening between hills.
Gorge	act of gorging.
Gorge	contents of the stomach.
Gorge	feed greedily.
Gorge	Satiate.
Gorge	devour greedily.
Gorgeous	richly coloured, sumptuous.
Gorgeous	Very pleasant, splendid
Gorgeous	Strikingly beautiful.
Gorgon	each of three snake-haired sisters
Gorgon	with the power to turn anyone who looked at them to stone.
Gorgon	frightening or repulsive woman.
Gorgonzola	Type of rich cheese with bluish-green veins.
Gorilla	Largest anthropoid ape, native to africa.
Gormless	Foolish, lacking sense.
Gorse	Spiny yellow-flowered shrub; furze.
Gorsedd	Druidic order, meeting before the eisteddfod.
Gory	involving bloodshed; bloodthirsty.
Gory	covered in gore.
Gory	Goriness
Gosh	Expressing surprise.
Goshawk	Large short-winged hawk.
Gosling	Young goose.
Go-slow	Working slowly, as a form of industrial action.
Gospel	teaching or revelation of christ.
Gospel	a record of christ's life in the first four books of the new testament.
Gospel	each of these books.
Gospel	portion from one of them read at a service.
Gospel	thing regarded as absolutely true.
Gospel	black american religious singing.
Gossamer	filmy substance of small spiders' webs.
Gossamer	delicate filmy material.
Gossamer	Light and flimsy as gossamer.
Gossip	a unconstrained talk or writing, esp. About persons or social incidents.
Gossip	idle talk.
Gossip	person who indulges in gossip.
Gossip	talk or write gossip.
Gossip column	Section of a newspaper devoted to gossip about well-known people.
Goth	member of a germanic tribe that invaded the roman empire in the
Goth	rd–5th c.
Goth	uncivilized or ignorant person.
Goth	style of rock music with an intense or droning blend of guitars, bass, and drums, often with apocalyptic or mystical lyrics.
Goth	performer or devotee of this music, or member of the subculture favouring black clothing and white-painted faces with black make-up.
Gothic	of the goths.
Gothic	in the style of architecture prevalent in w. Europe in the
Gothic	2th–16th c., characterized by pointed arches.
Gothic	In a style popular in the
Gothic	8th–19th c., with supernatural or horrifying events.
Gothic	barbarous, uncouth.
Gothic	gothic language.
Gothic	gothic architecture.
Gouache	method of painting in opaque pigments ground in water and thickened with a gluelike substance.
Gouache	these pigments.
Gouda	Flat round usu. Dutch cheese.
Gouge	Chisel with a concave blade.
Gouge	cut with or as with a gouge.
Gouge	force out
Gouge	with or as with a gouge.
Goulash	Highly-seasoned hungarian stew of meat and vegetables.
Gourd	a fleshy usu. Large fruit with a hard skin.
Gourd	climbing or trailing plant of the cucumber family bearing this.
Gourd	dried skin of the gourd-fruit, used as a drinking-vessel etc.
Gourmand	glutton.
Gourmand	gourmet.
Gourmandise	Gluttony.
Gourmet	Connoisseur of good food.
Gout	Disease with inflammation of the smaller joints, esp. Of the toe.
Govern	rule or control with authority; conduct the policy and affairs of.
Govern	influence or determine
Govern	be a standard or principle for.
Govern	check or control
Govern	have
Govern	depending on it.
Governance	act or manner of governing.
Governance	function of governing.
Governess	Woman employed to teach children in a private household.
Government	act or manner of governing.
Government	system by which a state is governed.
Government	a body of persons governing a state.
Government	particular ministry in office.
Government	the state as an agent.
Governor	ruler.
Governor	a official governing a province, town, etc.
Governor	representative of the crown in a colony.
Governor	executive head of each state of the us.
Governor	officer commanding a fortress etc.
Governor	head or member of the governing body of an institution.
Governor	official in charge of a prison.
Governor	one's employer. B
Governor	one's father.
Governor	mech. Automatic regulator controlling the speed of an engine etc.
Governor-general	Representative of the crown in a commonwealth country that regards the queen as head of state.
Gown	loose flowing garment, esp.
Gown	woman's long dress.
Gown	official robe of an alderman, judge, cleric, academic, etc.
Gown	surgeon's overall.
Goy	jewish name for a non-jew.
Gp	General practitioner.
Gpo	General post office.
Gr	gram
Gr	grains.
Gr	gross.
Grab	seize suddenly.
Grab	take greedily or unfairly.
Grab	attract the attention of, impress.
Grab	snatch at.
Grab	act harshly or jerkily.
Grab	sudden clutch or attempt to seize.
Grab	mechanical device for clutching.
Grace	attractiveness, esp. In elegance of proportion or manner or movement.
Grace	courteous good will
Grace	attractive feature; accomplishment
Grace	the unmerited favour of god.
Grace	state of receiving this.
Grace	goodwill, favour.
Grace	delay granted as a favour
Grace	short thanksgiving before or after a meal.
Grace	each of three beautiful sister goddesses, bestowers of beauty and charm.
Grace	forms of description or address for a duke, duchess, or archbishop.
Grace	add grace to; confer honour on
Graceful	Having or showing grace or elegance.
Graceful	Gracefulness
Graceless	Lacking grace, elegance, or charm.
Grace-note	Extra note as an embellishment.
Gracious	kind; indulgent and beneficent to inferiors.
Gracious	merciful, benign.
Gracious	Expressing surprise.
Gracious	Graciousness
Gracious living	Elegant way of life.
Gradate	pass gradually from one shade to another.
Gradate	arrange in steps or grades of size etc.
Gradation	(usu. In
Gradation	stage of transition or advance.
Gradation	a certain degree in rank, intensity, etc.
Gradation	arrangement in such degrees.
Grade	a certain degree in rank, merit, proficiency, etc.
Grade	class of persons or things of the same grade.
Grade	mark indicating the quality of a student's work.
Grade	us class in school.
Grade	gradient, slope.
Grade	arrange in grades.
Grade	Pass gradually between grades, or into a grade.
Grade	give a grade to
Grade	reduce
Grade	To easy gradients.
Gradient	stretch of road, railway, etc., that slopes.
Gradient	amount of such a slope.
Gradual	progressing by degrees.
Gradual	not rapid, steep, or abrupt.
Gradualism	Policy of gradual reform.
Graduate	Person holding an academic degree.
Graduate	obtain an academic degree.
Graduate	move up to
Graduate	mark out in degrees or parts.
Graduate	arrange in gradations; apportion
Graduate	according to a scale.
Graeco-roman	Of the greeks and romans.
Graffiti	pl.
Graffiti	writing or drawing scribbled, scratched, or sprayed on a surface.
Graft1	bot.
Graft1	shoot or scion inserted into a slit of stock, from which it receives sap.
Graft1	place where a graft is inserted.
Graft1	surgery piece of living tissue, organ, etc., transplanted surgically.
Graft1	hard work.
Graft1	Insert
Graft1	as a graft.
Graft1	transplant
Graft1	insert or fix
Graft1	permanently to another.
Graft1	work hard.
Graft2	practices, esp. Bribery, used to secure illicit gains in politics or business.
Graft2	such gains.
Graft2	Seek or make such gains.
Grail	cup or platter used by christ at the last supper.
Grain	fruit or seed of a cereal.
Grain	Wheat or any allied grass used as food; corn.
Grain	small hard particle of salt, sand, etc.
Grain	unit of weight,
Grain	.0648
Grain	smallest possible quantity
Grain	roughness of surface.
Grain	texture of skin, wood, stone, etc.
Grain	a pattern of lines of fibre in wood or paper.
Grain	lamination in stone etc.
Grain	paint in imitation of the grain of wood etc.
Grain	give a granular surface to.
Grain	form into grains.
Gram	metric unit of mass equal to one-thousandth of a kilogram.
-gram	Form forming nouns denoting a thing written or recorded
Graminaceous	Of or like grass.
Graminivorous	Feeding on grass, cereals, etc.
Grammar	the study or rules of a language's inflections or other means of showing the relation between words.
Grammar	observance or application of the rules of grammar
Grammar	book on grammar.
Grammarian	Expert in grammar or linguistics.
Grammar school	Esp. Hist. Selective state secondary school with a mainly academic curriculum.
Grammatical	Of or conforming to the rules of grammar.
Grampus	a kind of dolphin with a blunt snout.
Gran	Grandmother.
Granadilla	Passion-fruit.
Granary	storehouse for threshed grain.
Granary	region producing, and esp. Exporting, much corn.
Grand	splendid, magnificent, imposing, dignified.
Grand	main; of chief importance.
Grand	of the highest rank
Grand	Excellent, enjoyable.
Grand	belonging to high society.
Grand	(in
Grand	denoting the second degree of ascent or descent
Grand	(usu. In
Grand	) Esp. Us
Grand	a thousand dollars or pounds.
Grand	Grandness
Grandad	grandfather.
Grandad	elderly man.
Grandchild	Child of one's son or daughter.
Granddaughter	Female grandchild.
Grandee	spanish or portuguese nobleman of the highest rank.
Grandee	person of high rank.
Grandeur	majesty, splendour; dignity of appearance or bearing.
Grandeur	high rank, eminence.
Grandeur	nobility of character.
Grandfather	Male grandparent.
Grandfather clock	Clock in a tall wooden case, driven by weights.
Grandiloquent	Pompous or inflated in language.
Grandiose	producing or meant to produce an imposing effect.
Grandiose	planned on an ambitious scale.
Grand jury	Esp. Us jury selected to examine the validity of an accusation prior to trial.
Grandma	Grandmother.
Grand mal	Serious form of epilepsy with loss of consciousness.
Grand master	Chess-player of the highest class.
Grandmother	Female grandparent.
Grand national	Steeplechase held annually at aintree, liverpool.
Grand opera	Opera on a serious theme, or in which the entire libretto
Grand opera	is sung.
Grandpa	Grandfather.
Grandparent	Parent of one's father or mother.
Grand piano	Large full-toned piano with horizontal strings.
Grand prix	Any of several important international motor or motor-cycle racing events.
Grandsire	grandfather.
Grand slam	sport winning of all of a group of matches etc.
Grand slam	bridge winning of
Grand slam	3 tricks.
Grandson	Male grandchild.
Grandstand	Main stand for spectators at a racecourse etc.
Grand total	Sum of other totals.
Grand tour	Hist. Cultural tour of europe.
Grange	Country house with farm-buildings.
Graniferous	Producing grain or a grainlike seed.
Granite	Granular crystalline rock of quartz, mica, etc., used for building.
Granivorous	Feeding on grain.
Granny	Grandmother.
Granny flat	Part of a house made into self-contained accommodation for an elderly relative.
Granny knot	Reef-knot crossed the wrong way and therefore insecure.
Grant	a consent to fulfil
Grant	allow
Grant	to have
Grant	give formally; transfer legally.
Grant	admit as true; concede.
Grant	process of granting.
Grant	sum of money given by the state.
Grant	legal conveyance by written instrument.
Grant	assume something to be true or valid.
Grant	cease to appreciate through familiarity.
Grant	(esp. In sense
Grant-maintained	funded by central rather than local government.
Granular	Of or like grains or granules.
Granulate	form into grains.
Granulate	roughen the surface of.
Granule	Small grain.
Grape	Berry
Grape	growing in clusters on a vine, used as fruit and in making wine.
Grapefruit	large round usu. Yellow citrus fruit.
Grape hyacinth	Plant of the lily family with clusters of usu. Blue flowers.
Grapeshot	Hist. Small balls used as charge in a cannon and scattering when fired.
Grapevine	vine.
Grapevine	The means of transmission of a rumour.
Graph	Diagram showing the relation between variable quantities, usu. Of two variables, each measured along one of a pair of axes.
Graph	Plot or trace on a graph.
-graph	Form forming nouns and verbs meaning:
-graph	thing written or drawn etc. In a specified way
-graph	instrument that records
-grapher	Form forming nouns denoting a person concerned with a subject
Grape hyacinth	Plant of the lily family with clusters of usu. Blue flowers.
Grapeshot	Hist. Small balls used as charge in a cannon and scattering when fired.
Grapevine	vine.
Grapevine	The means of transmission of a rumour.
Graph	Diagram showing the relation between variable quantities, usu. Of two variables, each measured along one of a pair of axes.
Graph	Plot or trace on a graph.
-graph	Form forming nouns and verbs meaning:
-graph	thing written or drawn etc. In a specified way
-graph	instrument that records
-grapher	Form forming nouns denoting a person concerned with a subject
Graphic	of or relating to the visual or descriptive arts, esp. Writing and drawing.
Graphic	vividly descriptive.
-graphic	Form
-graphic	forming adjectives corresponding to nouns in -graphy.
Graphic arts	pl. Visual and technical arts involving design or the use of lettering.
Graphic novel	Novel in comic-strip format.
Graphics	pl.
Graphics	products of the graphic arts.
Graphics	use of diagrams in calculation and design.
Graphite	Crystalline allotropic form of carbon used as a lubricant, in pencils, etc.
Graphology	The study of handwriting, esp. As a supposed guide to character.
Graph paper	Paper printed with a network of lines as a basis for drawing graphs.
-graphy	Form forming nouns denoting:
-graphy	descriptive science
-graphy	technique of producing images
-graphy	style or method of writing etc.
Grapnel	device with iron claws, for dragging or grasping.
Grapnel	small anchor with several flukes.
Grapple	fight in close combat.
Grapple	try to manage
Grapple	a grip with the hands; come to close quarters with.
Grapple	seize with or as with a grapnel.
Grapple	a hold or grip in or as in wrestling.
Grapple	contest at close quarters.
Grapple	clutching-instrument; grapnel.
Grasp	a clutch at; seize greedily.
Grasp	hold firmly.
Grasp	try to seize; accept avidly.
Grasp	understand or realize
Grasp	firm hold; grip.
Grasp	a mastery
Grasp	mental hold.
Grasping	Avaricious.
Grass	a any of a group of wild plants with green blades that are eaten by ruminants.
Grass	plant of the family which includes cereals, reeds, and bamboos.
Grass	pasture land.
Grass	grass-covered ground, lawn.
Grass	grazing
Grass	marijuana.
Grass	informer.
Grass	cover with turf.
Grass	us provide with pasture.
Grass	a betray, esp. To the police.
Grass	inform the police.
Grasshopper	Jumping and chirping insect.
Grassland	Large open area covered with grass, esp. Used for grazing.
Grass roots	fundamental level or source.
Grass roots	ordinary people; rank and file of an organization, esp.
Grass roots	political party.
Grass snake	Common harmless european snake.
Grass widow	person whose husband
Grass widow	is away for a prolonged period.
Grate1	reduce to small particles by rubbing on a serrated surface.
Grate1	rub with a harsh scraping sound.
Grate1	utter in a harsh tone.
Grate1	a sound harshly.
Grate1	have an irritating effect.
Grate2	fireplace or furnace.
Grate2	metal frame confining fuel in this.
Grateful	thankful; feeling or showing gratitude.
Grateful	pleasant, acceptable.
Gratify	a please, delight.
Gratify	please by compliance.
Gratify	yield to
Grating	framework of parallel or crossed metal bars.
Grating	optics set of parallel wires, lines ruled on glass, etc.
Gratis	Free; without charge.
Gratitude	Being thankful; readiness to return kindness.
Gratuitous	given or done free of charge.
Gratuitous	uncalled-for; lacking good reason.
Gratuitous	Gratuitousness
Grave1	trench dug in the ground for the burial of a corpse; mound or memorial stone placed over this.
Grave1	death.
Grave2	a serious, weighty, important.
Grave2	dignified, solemn, sombre.
Grave2	extremely serious or threatening.
Grave3	(-ving;
Grave3	Graven or graved)
Grave3	fix indelibly
Grave3	engrave, carve.
Grave accent	mark
Grave accent	placed over a vowel to denote pronunciation, length, etc.
Gravedigger	Person who digs graves.
Gravel	mixture of
Gravel	sand and small stones, used for paths etc.
Gravel	med. Aggregations of crystals formed in the urinary tract.
Gravel	lay or strew with gravel.
Gravelly	of or like gravel.
Gravelly	deep and rough-sounding.
Graven	Of *grave3.
Graven image	Idol.
Graves	Light usu. White wine from graves in france.
Gravestone	Stone
Gravestone	marking a grave.
Graveyard	Burial ground.
Gravid	Pregnant.
Gravimeter	Instrument measuring the difference in the force of gravity between two places.
Gravimetry	Measurement of weight.
Gravitate	move or be attracted to.
Gravitate	a move or tend by force of gravity towards.
Gravitate	sink by or as if by gravity.
Gravitation	Physics
Gravitation	force of attraction between any particle of matter in the universe and any other.
Gravitation	effect of this, esp. The falling of bodies to the earth.
Gravity	a force that attracts a body to the centre of the earth etc.
Gravity	degree of intensity of this.
Gravity	gravitational force.
Gravity	property of having weight.
Gravity	a importance, seriousness.
Gravity	solemnity.
Gravy	juices exuding from meat during and after cooking.
Gravy	sauce for food, made from these etc.
Gravy-boat	Boat-shaped vessel for serving gravy.
Gravy train	source of easy financial benefit.
Gray	of a colour intermediate between black and white.
Gray	dull, dismal.
Gray	turning white with age etc.
Gray	having grey hair.
Gray	anonymous, unidentifiable.
Gray	a grey colour or pigment.
Gray	grey clothes or material
Gray	grey or white horse.
Gray	Make or become grey.
Gray	Greyness
Grayling	silver-grey freshwater fish.
Graze1	Eat growing grass.
Graze1	a feed
Graze1	On growing grass.
Graze1	feed on
Graze1	pasture cattle.
Graze2	rub or scrape
Graze2	a touch lightly in passing.
Graze2	Move with a light passing contact.
Graze2	Abrasion.
Grazier	person who feeds cattle for market.
Grazier	austral. Large-scale sheep-farmer etc.
Grazing	Grassland suitable for pasturage.
Grease	oily or fatty matter, esp. As a lubricant.
Grease	melted fat of a dead animal.
Grease	smear or lubricate with grease.
Grease	Bribe.
Greasepaint	Make-up used by actors.
Greaseproof	Impervious to grease.
Greaser	member of a gang of youths with long hair and motor cycles.
Greasy	a of or like grease.
Greasy	smeared or covered with grease.
Greasy	containing or having too much grease.
Greasy	a slippery.
Greasy	unpleasantly unctuous.
Greasy	Greasiness
Great	a of a size, amount, extent, or intensity considerably above the normal or average
Great	also with implied admiration, contempt, etc., esp. In exclamations
Great	reinforcing other words denoting size, quantity, etc.
Great	important, pre-eminent
Great	grand, imposing
Great	distinguished.
Great	remarkable in ability, character, etc.
Great	competent, well-informed.
Great	fully deserving the name of; doing a thing extensively
Great	the larger of the name, species, etc.
Great	Very enjoyable or satisfactory
Great	0 (in
Great	denoting one degree further removed upwards or downwards
Great	great or outstanding person or thing.
Great	(in
Great	honours course or final examinations in classics and philosophy.
Great circle	Circle on the surface of a sphere whose plane passes through the sphere's centre.
Greatcoat	Heavy overcoat.
Great dane	Dog of a large short-haired breed.
Greatly	Much; by a considerable amount
Great tit	Eurasian songbird with black and white head markings.
Great war	World war of
Great war	914–18.
Greave	(usu. In
Greave	) Armour for the shin.
Grebe	kind of diving bird.
Grecian	greek.
Grecian nose	Straight nose that continues the line of the forehead without a dip.
Greed	Excessive desire, esp. For food or wealth.
Greedy	having or showing greed.
Greedy	Very eager.
Greedy	Greediness
Greek	a native or national of greece.
Greek	person of greek descent.
Greek	language of greece.
Greek	Of greece or its people or language; hellenic.
Greek	Incomprehensible to me.
Greek cross	Cross with four equal arms.
Green	of the colour between blue and yellow in the spectrum; coloured like grass.
Green	covered with leaves or grass.
Green	unripe or unseasoned.
Green	not dried, smoked, or tanned.
Green	inexperienced, gullible.
Green	pale, sickly-hued.
Green	jealous, envious.
Green	young, flourishing.
Green	not withered or worn out
Green belt	Area of open land round a city, designated for preservation.
Green card	International insurance document for motorists.
Greenery	Green foliage or growing plants.
Green-eyed	Jealous.
Greenfinch	Finch with green and yellow plumage.
Green fingers	Skill in growing plants.
Greenfly	green aphid.
Greenfly	these collectively.
Greengage	Roundish green variety of plum.
Greengrocer	Retailer of fruit and vegetables.
Greengrocery	greengrocer's business.
Greengrocery	goods sold by a greengrocer.
Greenhorn	Inexperienced person; new recruit.
Greenhouse	Light structure with the sides and roof mainly of glass, for rearing plants.
Greenhouse effect	Trapping of the sun's warmth in the lower atmosphere of the earth, caused by an increase in carbon dioxide, methane, etc.
Greenhouse gas	Any of the gases, esp. Carbon dioxide and methane, that contribute to the greenhouse effect.
Green light	signal to proceed on a road, railway, etc.
Green light	Permission to proceed with a project.
Green paper	Preliminary report of government proposals, for discussion.
Green pound	Exchange rate for the pound for payments for agricultural produce in the ec.
Green revolution	Greatly increased crop production in underdeveloped countries.
Green-room	Room in a theatre for actors and actresses who are off stage.
Green-stick fracture	Bone-fracture, esp. In children, in which one side of the bone is broken and one only bent.
Greenstuff	Vegetation; green vegetables.
Greensward	Expanse of grassy turf.
Green tea	Tea made from steam-dried leaves.
Greenwich mean time	Local time on the meridian of greenwich, used as an international basis of time-reckoning.
Greenwood	wood in summer.
Greeny	Greenish.
Greet1	address politely or welcomingly on meeting or arrival.
Greet1	receive or acknowledge in a specified way.
Greet1	Become apparent to or noticed by.
Greet2	Scot. Weep.
Greeting	act or instance of welcoming etc.
Greeting	words, gestures, etc., used to greet a person.
Greeting	(often in
Greeting	) Expression of goodwill.
Greetings card	Decorative card sent to convey greetings.
Gregarious	fond of company.
Gregarious	living in flocks or communities.
Gregorian calendar	Calendar introduced in
Gregorian calendar	582 by pope gregory xiii.
Gregorian chant	Plainsong ritual music, named after pope gregory i.
Gremlin	Imaginary mischievous sprite regarded as responsible for mechanical faults etc.
Grenade	Small bomb thrown by hand
Grenade	or shot from a rifle.
Grenadier	first regiment of the royal household infantry.
Grenadier	hist. Soldier armed with grenades.
Grey	of a colour intermediate between black and white.
Grey	dull, dismal.
Grey	turning white with age etc.
Grey	having grey hair.
Grey	anonymous, unidentifiable.
Grey	a grey colour or pigment.
Grey	grey clothes or material
Grey	grey or white horse.
Grey	Make or become grey.
Grey	Greyness
Grey area	Situation or topic not clearly defined.
Grey friar	Franciscan friar.
Greyhound	Dog of a tall slender breed capable of high speed.
Greylag	european wild goose.
Grey matter	the darker tissues of the brain and spinal cord.
Grey matter	Intelligence.
Grey squirrel	American squirrel brought to europe in the
Grey squirrel	9th c.
Grid	grating.
Grid	system of numbered squares printed on a map and forming the basis of map references.
Grid	network of lines, electric-power connections, gas-supply lines, etc.
Grid	pattern of lines marking the starting-places on a motor-racing track.
Grid	perforated electrode controlling the flow of electrons in a thermionic valve etc.
Grid	arrangement of town streets in a rectangular pattern.
Griddle	Circular iron plate placed over a source of heat for baking etc.
Gridiron	Cooking utensil of metal bars for broiling or grilling.
Grief	intense sorrow.
Grief	cause of this.
Grievance	Real or fancied cause for complaint.
Grieve	cause grief to.
Grieve	suffer grief.
Grievous	Severe.
Grievous	causing grief.
Grievous	injurious.
Grievous	flagrant, heinous.
Grievous bodily harm	Law serious injury inflicted intentionally.
Griffin	fabulous creature with an eagle's head and wings and a lion's body.
Griffon	dog of a small terrier-like breed.
Griffon	large vulture.
Grill	a device on a cooker for radiating heat downwards.
Grill	food cooked on a grill.
Grill	restaurant specializing in grilled food.
Grill	cook or be cooked under a grill or on a gridiron.
Grill	subject or be subjected to extreme heat.
Grill	subject to severe questioning.
Grille	grating or latticed screen, used as a partition etc.
Grille	metal grid protecting the radiator of a vehicle.
Grilse	young salmon that has returned to fresh water from the sea for the first time.
Grim	of stern or forbidding appearance.
Grim	harsh, merciless.
Grim	ghastly, joyless
Grim	unpleasant, unattractive.
Grim	Grimness
Grimace	Distortion of the face made in disgust etc. Or to amuse.
Grimace	make a grimace.
Grime	Soot or dirt ingrained in a surface.
Grime	blacken with grime; befoul.
Grime	Grimy
Grin	a smile broadly, showing the teeth.
Grin	make a forced, unrestrained, or stupid smile.
Grin	express by grinning.
Grin	Act of grinning.
Grind	(past and
Grind	Ground)
Grind	reduce to small particles or powder by crushing.
Grind	a sharpen or smooth by friction.
Grind	rub or rub together gratingly.
Grind	oppress; harass with exactions.
Grind	work or study hard.
Grind	produce with effort.
Grind	act or instance of grinding.
Grind	Hard dull work
Grind	size of ground particles.
Grinder	person or thing that grinds, esp.
Grinder	machine.
Grinder	molar tooth.
Grindstone	thick revolving disc used for grinding, sharpening, and polishing.
Grindstone	a kind of stone used for this.
Grip	a grasp tightly.
Grip	take a firm hold, esp. By friction.
Grip	compel the attention of.
Grip	a firm hold; tight grasp.
Grip	manner of grasping or holding.
Grip	power of holding attention.
Grip	a intellectual mastery.
Grip	effective control of one's behaviour etc.
Grip	a part of a machine that grips.
Grip	part by which a weapon etc. Is held.
Grip	travelling bag.
Gripe	Complain.
Gripe	affect with gastric pain.
Gripe	(usu. In
Gripe	) Colic.
Gripe	Complaint.
Gripe	grip, clutch.
Gripe water	Propr. Preparation to relieve colic in infants.
Grisly	causing horror, disgust, or fear.
Grist	Corn to grind.
Gristle	Tough flexible animal tissue; cartilage.
Grit	particles of stone or sand, esp. As irritating or hindering.
Grit	sandstone.
Grit	Pluck, endurance.
Grit	spread grit on
Grit	clench
Grit	make a grating sound.
Grit	Gritty
Grits	ly ground grain, esp. Oatmeal.
Grits	oats that have been husked but not ground.
Grizzle	cry fretfully.
Grizzle	complain whiningly.
Grizzled	grey or streaked with grey.
Grizzled	having grizzled hair.
Grizzly	grey, grey-haired.
Grizzly	large variety of brown bear, found in
Grizzly	America and
Grizzly	Russia.
Groan	a make a deep sound expressing pain, grief, or disapproval.
Groan	utter with groans.
Groan	be loaded or oppressed.
Groan	Sound made in groaning.
Groat	Hist. Silver coin worth four old pence.
Groats	pl. Hulled or crushed grain, esp. Oats.
Grocer	Dealer in food and household provisions.
Grocery	grocer's trade or shop.
Grocery	(in
Grocery	) Goods, esp. Food, sold by a grocer.
Grog	Drink of spirit
Grog	and water.
Groggy	incapable or unsteady.
Groggy	Grogginess
Groin1	depression between the belly and the thigh.
Groin1	archit.
Groin1	edge formed by intersecting vaults.
Groin1	arch supporting a vault.
Groin1	Archit. Build with groins.
Groin	timber, stone, or concrete wall built at right angles to the coast to check beach erosion.
Grommet	metal, plastic, or rubber eyelet placed in a hole to protect or insulate a rope or cable etc. Passed through it.
Grommet	tube passed through the eardrum to make a communication with the middle ear.
Groom	person employed to take care of horses.
Groom	mil. Any of certain officers of the royal household.
Groom	a curry or tend
Groom	give a neat appearance to
Groove	channel or elongated hollow, esp. One made to guide motion or receive a corresponding ridge.
Groove	spiral track cut in a gramophone record.
Groove	make a groove or grooves in.
Groove	enjoy oneself.
Groovy	excellent.
Groovy	of or like a groove.
Grope	feel about or search blindly.
Grope	search mentally.
Grope	feel
Grope	towards something.
Grope	fondle clumsily for sexual pleasure.
Grope	Act of groping.
Grosgrain	Corded fabric of silk etc.
Gros point	Cross-stitch embroidery on canvas.
Gross	overfed, bloated.
Gross	, unrefined, or indecent.
Gross	flagrant
Gross	total; not net
Gross	Dull.
Gross	Produce as gross profit.
Gross	amount equal to twelve dozen.
Gross	Grossness
Gross domestic product	Total value of goods produced and services provided in a country in one year.
Gross national product	Gross domestic product plus the total of net income from abroad.
Grotesque	comically or repulsively distorted.
Grotesque	incongruous, absurd.
Grotesque	decorative form interweaving human and animal features.
Grotesque	comically distorted figure or design.
Grotesque	Grotesqueness
Grotto	picturesque cave.
Grotto	artificial ornamental cave.
Grotty	unpleasant, dirty, shabby, unattractive.
Grouch	Grumble.
Grouch	discontented person.
Grouch	fit of grumbling or the sulks.
Ground1	a surface of the earth, esp. As contrasted with the air around it.
Ground1	part of this specified in some way
Ground1	a position, area, or distance on the earth's surface.
Ground1	extent of a subject dealt with
Ground1	(often in
Ground1	) Reason, justification.
Ground1	area of a special kind or use (often in
Ground1	: cricket-ground; fishing-grounds).
Ground1	(in
Ground1	) Enclosed land attached to a house etc.
Ground1	area or basis for agreement etc.
Ground1	The surface giving the predominant colour.
Ground1	(in
Ground1	) Solid particles, esp. Of coffee, forming a residue.
Ground1	us electr.
Ground1	0 bottom of the sea.
Ground1	1 floor of a room etc.
Ground1	Short theme in the bass constantly repeated with the upper parts of the music varied.
Ground1	living on or in the ground;
Ground1	dwarfish or trailing.
Ground1	refuse authority for
Ground1	to fly.
Ground1	a run
Ground1	aground; strand.
Ground1	run aground.
Ground1	instruct thoroughly
Ground1	(often as grounded
Ground1	base
Ground1	On.
Ground1	us electr.
Ground1	Make a successful start. Give
Ground1	ground retreat, decline. Go to ground
Ground1	Enter its earth etc.
Ground1	become inaccessible for a prolonged period. Hold one's ground not retreat. On the grounds of because of.
Ground control	Personnel directing the landing etc. Of aircraft etc.
Ground cover	Low-growing plants covering the surface of the earth.
Ground elder	Garden weed spreading by means of underground stems.
Ground floor	Floor of a building at ground level.
Ground frost	Frost on the surface of the ground or in the top layer of soil.
Ground glass	glass made non-transparent by grinding etc.
Ground glass	glass ground to a powder.
Grounding	Basic training or instruction.
Groundless	Without motive or foundation.
Ground-plan	plan of a building at ground level.
Ground-plan	general outline of a scheme.
Ground-rent	Rent for land leased for building.
Groundsel	Wild plant with small yellow flowers, used as a food for cage-birds etc.
Groundsheet	Waterproof sheet for spreading on the ground.
Groundsman	Person who maintains a sports ground.
Ground speed	Aircraft's speed relative to the ground.
Ground swell	Heavy sea caused by a distant or past storm or an earthquake.
Groundwater	Water found in soil or in pores, crevices, etc., in rock.
Groundwork	Preliminary or basic work.
Group	number of persons or things located close together, or considered or classed together.
Group	number of people working together etc.
Group	number of commercial companies under common ownership.
Group	ensemble playing popular music.
Group	division of an air force etc.
Group	form or be formed into a group.
Group	place in a group or groups.
Group captain	Raf officer next below air commodore.
Groupie	ardent follower of touring pop groups, esp.
Groupie	young woman seeking sexual relations with them.
Group therapy	Therapy in which people are brought together to assist one another psychologically.
Grouse1	game-bird with a plump body and feathered legs.
Grouse1	its flesh as food.
Grouse2	grumble or complain.
Grouse2	Complaint.
Grout	Thin fluid mortar.
Grout	Provide or fill with grout.
Grove	Small wood or group of trees.
Grovel	behave obsequiously.
Grovel	lie prone in abject humility.
Grow	(past grew;
Grow	Grown)
Grow	increase in size, height, quantity, degree, etc.
Grow	develop or exist as a living plant or natural product.
Grow	a produce
Grow	By cultivation.
Grow	allow
Grow	To develop.
Grow	become gradually
Grow	become gradually more favoured by.
Grow	Be covered with a growth.
Grow	become too large to wear.
Grow	become too mature to retain
Grow	develop from. Grow up
Grow	advance to maturity.
Grow	arise.
Grower	(often in
Grower	) Person growing produce
Grower	plant that grows in a specified way
Growing pains	early difficulties in the development of a project etc.
Growing pains	neuralgic pain in children's legs due to fatigue etc.
Growl	make a low guttural sound, usu. Of anger.
Growl	murmur angrily.
Growl	rumble.
Growl	utter with a growl.
Growl	growling sound.
Growl	angry murmur.
Growl	rumble.
Grown	Of *grow.
Grown-up	Adult.
Grown-up	Adult person.
Growth	act or process of growing.
Growth	increase in size or value.
Growth	something that has grown or is growing.
Growth	med. Morbid formation.
Growth industry	Industry that is developing rapidly.
Groyne	timber, stone, or concrete wall built at right angles to the coast to check beach erosion.
Grub	larva of an insect.
Grub	Food.
Grub	dig superficially.
Grub	a extract by digging.
Grub	extract
Grub	By searching in books etc.
Grub	rummage.
Grubby	dirty.
Grubby	of or infested with grubs.
Grubby	Grubbiness
Grudge	Persistent feeling of ill will or resentment.
Grudge	be resentfully unwilling to give or allow.
Grudge	Be reluctant to do.
Gruel	Liquid food of oatmeal etc. Boiled in milk or water.
Grueling	extremely demanding or tiring.
Gruelling	extremely demanding or tiring.
Gruesome	Horrible, grisly, disgusting.
Gruff	low and harsh.
Gruff	having a gruff voice.
Gruff	surly.
Gruff	Gruffness
Grumble	complain peevishly.
Grumble	rumble.
Grumble	complaint.
Grumble	rumble.
Grumpy	morosely irritable.
Grumpy	Grumpiness
Grunt	low guttural sound made by a pig.
Grunt	similar sound.
Grunt	make a grunt.
Grunt	make a similar sound, esp. To express discontent.
Grunt	utter with a grunt.
Gruyère	firm pale cheese.
G-string	String sounding the note g.
G-string	narrow strip of cloth etc. Covering only the genitals and attached to a string round the waist.
G-suit	Garment with inflatable pressurized pouches, worn by pilots and astronauts to enable them to withstand high acceleration.
Gt	High-performance saloon car.
Guano	excrement of sea birds, used as manure.
Guano	artificial manure, esp. That made from fish.
Guarantee	a formal promise or assurance, esp. That something is of a specified quality and durability.
Guarantee	document giving such an undertaking.
Guarantee	person making a guaranty or giving a security.
Guarantee	a give or serve as a guarantee for.
Guarantee	provide with a guarantee.
Guarantee	give a promise or assurance.
Guarantee	secure the possession of
Guarantee	for a person.
Guarantor	Person who gives a guarantee or guaranty.
Guaranty	written or other undertaking to answer for the payment of a debt or for the performance of an obligation by another person liable in the first instance.
Guaranty	thing serving as security.
Guard	watch over and defend or protect.
Guard	keep watch by
Guard	To control entry or exit.
Guard	supervise
Guard	And prevent from escaping.
Guard	keep
Guard	in check.
Guard	take precautions.
Guard	state of vigilance.
Guard	person who protects or keeps watch.
Guard	soldiers etc. Protecting a place or person; escort.
Guard	official in general charge of a train.
Guard	part of an army detached for some purpose
Guard	(in
Guard	body of troops nominally employed to guard a monarch.
Guard	thing that protects
Guard	us prison warder.
Guard	defensive posture or motion in boxing etc.
Guarded	Cautious.
Guardhouse	Building used to accommodate a military guard or to detain prisoners.
Guardian	protector, keeper.
Guardian	person having legal custody of another, esp.
Guardian	minor.
Guardroom	Room serving the same purpose as a guardhouse.
Guardsman	Soldier belonging to a body of guards or regiment of guards.
Guava	edible pale orange fruit with pink flesh.
Guava	tree bearing this.
Gubernatorial	Esp. Us of or relating to a governor.
Gudgeon1	Small freshwater fish often used as bait.
Gudgeon2	a kind of pivot.
Gudgeon2	tubular part of a hinge.
Gudgeon2	socket for a rudder.
Gudgeon2	pin holding two blocks of stone etc. Together.
Guelder rose	Shrub with round bunches of creamy-white flowers.
Guernsey	one of a breed of dairy cattle from guernsey in the channel islands.
Guernsey	type of thick woollen sweater.
Guerrilla	member of a small independently acting
Guerrilla	group taking part in irregular fighting.
Guess	Estimate without calculation or measurement.
Guess	form a hypothesis or opinion about; conjecture; think likely.
Guess	conjecture or estimate correctly.
Guess	make a conjecture about.
Guess	Estimate, conjecture.
Guess	I think it likely; i suppose.
Guesswork	Process of or results got by guessing.
Guest	person invited to visit another's house or to have a meal etc. At another's expense.
Guest	person lodging at a hotel etc.
Guest	outside performer invited to take part with a regular body of performers.
Guest-house	Private house offering paid accommodation.
Guestimate	Estimate based on a mixture of guesswork and calculation.
Guff	empty talk.
Guffaw	Boisterous laugh.
Guffaw	Utter a guffaw.
Guidance	advice or direction for solving a problem etc.
Guidance	guiding or being guided.
Guide	person who leads or shows the way.
Guide	person who conducts tours.
Guide	adviser.
Guide	directing principle.
Guide	book with essential information on a subject, esp.
Guide	thing marking a position or guiding the eye.
Guide	bar etc. Directing the motion of something.
Guide	member of a girls' organization similar to the scouts.
Guide	act as guide to.
Guide	be the principle or motive of.
Guidebook	Book of information about a place for tourists etc.
Guided missile	Missile under remote control or directed by equipment within itself.
Guide-dog	Dog trained to guide a blind person.
Guideline	Principle directing action.
Guider	Adult leader of guides.
Guild	association of people for mutual aid or the pursuit of a common goal.
Guild	medieval association of craftsmen or merchants.
Guilder	Chief monetary unit of the netherlands.
Guildhall	Meeting-place of a medieval guild; town hall.
Guile	Cunning or sly behaviour; treachery, deceit.
Guile	Guileless
Guillemot	Fast-flying sea bird nesting on cliffs etc.
Guillotine	machine with a blade sliding vertically in grooves, used for beheading.
Guillotine	device for cutting paper etc.
Guillotine	method of preventing delay in the discussion of a legislative bill by fixing times at which various parts of it must be voted on.
Guillotine	use a guillotine on.
Guilt	fact of having committed a specified or implied offence.
Guilt	feeling of having done wrong.
Guiltless	innocent.
Guilty	culpable of or responsible for a wrong.
Guilty	conscious of or affected by guilt.
Guilty	causing a feeling of guilt
Guilty	having committed a
Guilty	offence.
Guilty	Guiltiness
Guinea	hist. Sum of
Guinea	1 old shillings
Guinea	hist. Former british gold coin first coined for the african trade.
Guinea-fowl	African fowl with slate-coloured white-spotted plumage.
Guinea-pig	domesticated s. American cavy.
Guinea-pig	person used in an experiment.
Guipure	Heavy lace of linen pieces joined by embroidery.
Guise	assumed appearance; pretence.
Guise	external appearance.
Guitar	Usu. Six-stringed musical instrument played with the fingers or a plectrum.
Gujarati	native of gujarat.
Gujarati	language of gujarat.
Gujarati	Of gujarat, its people, or language.
Gulch	Us ravine, esp. One in which a torrent flows.
Gulf	stretch of sea consisting of a deep inlet with a narrow mouth.
Gulf	deep hollow; chasm.
Gulf	wide difference of feelings, opinion, etc.
Gulf stream	Warm current flowing from the gulf of mexico to newfoundland where it is deflected across the atlantic ocean.
Gull1	Long-winged web-footed sea bird.
Gull2	Dupe, fool.
Gullet	Food-passage extending from the mouth to the stomach.
Gullible	Easily persuaded or deceived.
Gully	water-worn ravine.
Gully	gutter or drain.
Gully	cricket fielding position between point and slips.
Gulp	swallow hastily, greedily, or with effort.
Gulp	swallow gaspingly or with difficulty; choke.
Gulp	suppress
Gulp	act of gulping.
Gulp	large mouthful of a drink.
Gum1	a viscous secretion of some trees and shrubs.
Gum1	adhesive substance made from this.
Gum1	us chewing gum.
Gum1	Fasten with gum.
Gum1	apply gum to.
Gum1	Interfere with the smooth running of.
Gum2	(usu. In
Gum2	) Firm flesh around the roots of the teeth.
Gum3	By god!
Gum arabic	Gum exuded by some kinds of acacia.
Gumboil	Small abscess on the gum.
Gumboot	Rubber boot.
Gumdrop	Hard translucent sweet made with gelatin etc.
Gummy1	sticky.
Gummy1	exuding gum.
Gummy2	toothless.
Gumption	resourcefulness, initiative.
Gumption	common sense.
Gum-tree	Tree exuding gum, esp.
Gum-tree	eucalyptus.
Gum-tree	In great difficulties.
Gun	weapon consisting of a metal tube from which bullets or other missiles are propelled with great force, esp. By a contained explosion.
Gun	starting pistol.
Gun	device for discharging insecticide, grease etc., in the required direction.
Gun	member of a shooting-party.
Gun	us gunman.
Gun	shoot
Gun	with a gun.
Gun	shoot at with a gun.
Gun	go shooting.
Gun	seek out determinedly to attack or rebuke.
Gun	Proceed vigorously or successfully. Stick to one's guns
Gun	Maintain one's position under attack.
Gunboat	Small vessel with heavy guns.
Gunboat diplomacy	Political negotiation backed by the threat of force.
Gun-carriage	Wheeled support for a gun.
Gun-cotton	Explosive made by steeping cotton in acids.
Gun dog	Dog trained to retrieve game shot by sportsmen.
Gunfight	Us fight with firearms.
Gunfire	Firing of a gun or guns.
Gunge	Sticky or viscous matter.
Gunge	clog with gunge.
Gung-ho	Zealous, arrogantly eager.
Gunman	Man armed with a gun, esp. When committing a crime
Gun-metal	a dull bluish-grey colour.
Gun-metal	alloy formerly used for guns.
Gunner	artillery soldier
Gunner	Warrant-officer in charge of a battery, magazine, etc.
Gunner	member of an aircraft crew who operates a gun.
Gunnery	construction and management of large guns.
Gunnery	firing of guns.
Gunny	sacking, usu. Of jute fibre.
Gunny	sack made of this.
Gunpowder	Explosive made of saltpetre, sulphur, and charcoal.
Gunrunner	Person engaged in the illegal sale or importing of firearms.
Gunshot	shot fired from a gun.
Gunshot	range of a gun
Gunslinger	Esp. Us
Gunslinger	gunman.
Gunsmith	Maker and repairer of small firearms.
Gunwale	upper edge of the side of a boat or ship.
Guppy	freshwater fish of the w. Indies and s. America frequently kept in aquariums.
Gurgle	make a bubbling sound as of water from a bottle.
Gurgle	utter with such a sound.
Gurgle	Gurgling sound.
Gurkha	member of the dominant hindu race in nepal.
Gurkha	nepalese soldier serving in the british army.
Gurnard	marine fish with a large spiny head and finger-like pectoral rays.
Guru	hindu spiritual teacher or head of a religious sect.
Guru	influential or revered teacher.
Gush	emit or flow in a sudden and copious stream.
Gush	speak or behave effusively.
Gush	sudden or copious stream.
Gush	effusive manner.
Gusher	oil well from which oil flows without being pumped.
Gusher	effusive person.
Gusset	piece let into a garment etc. To strengthen or enlarge it.
Gusset	bracket strengthening an angle of a structure.
Gust	sudden strong rush of wind.
Gust	burst of rain, smoke, emotion, etc.
Gust	Blow in gusts.
Gusto	Zest; enjoyment.
Gut	the intestine.
Gut	(in
Gut	) The bowel or entrails.
Gut	(in
Gut	Personal courage and determination; perseverance.
Gut	stomach, belly.
Gut	(in
Gut	contents.
Gut	essence.
Gut	a material for violin strings etc.
Gut	material for fishing-lines made from the silk-glands of silkworms.
Gut	instinctive
Gut	fundamental
Gut	remove or destroy the internal fittings of
Gut	remove the guts of
Gut	Dislike a person intensely.
Gutless	Lacking courage or energy.
Gutsy	courageous.
Gutsy	greedy.
Gutta-percha	Tough rubbery substance obtained from latex.
Gutted	utterly exhausted or fed-up.
Gutter	shallow trough below the eaves of a house, or a channel at the side of a street, to carry off rainwater.
Gutter	poor or degraded background or environment.
Gutter	open conduit.
Gutter	groove.
Gutter	burn unsteadily and melt away rapidly.
Guttering	gutters of a building etc.
Guttering	material for gutters.
Gutter press	Sensational newspapers.
Guttersnipe	Street urchin.
Guttural	throaty, harsh-sounding.
Guttural	phonet.
Guttural	produced in the throat or by the back of the tongue and palate.
Guttural	of the throat.
Guttural	Phonet. Guttural consonant
Guy1	Man; fellow.
Guy1	effigy of guy fawkes burnt on
Guy1	nov.
Guy1	Ridicule.
Guy2	Rope or chain to secure a tent or steady a crane-load etc.
Guy2	Secure with a guy or guys.
Guzzle	eat or drink greedily.
Gybe	swing across.
Gybe	cause
Gybe	to do this.
Gybe	change course so that this happens.
Gym	gymnasium.
Gym	gymnastics.
Gymkhana	Horse-riding competition.
Gymnasium	room or building equipped for gymnastics.
Gymnast	Person who does gymnastics, esp. An expert.
Gymnastic	Of or involving gymnastics.
Gymnastics	pl.
Gymnastics	exercises performed in order to develop or display physical agility.
Gymnastics	other forms of physical or mental agility.
Gymnosperm	Any of a group of plants having seeds unprotected by an ovary, including conifers, cycads, and ginkgos.
Gymslip	Sleeveless tunic worn by schoolgirls.
Gynae	Gynaecology.
Gynaecology	science of the physiological functions and diseases of women.
Gynaecology	Gynaecologist
Gynecology	science of the physiological functions and diseases of women.
Gynecology	Gynaecologist
Gypsum	Mineral used esp. To make plaster of paris.
Gypsy	member of a nomadic people of europe and
Gypsy	America, of hindu origin with dark skin and hair.
Gyrate	move in a circle or spiral; revolve, whirl.
Gyrate	Gyratory
Gyrfalcon	Large falcon of the northern hemisphere.
Gyro-	Form rotation.
Gyrocompass	Compass giving true north and bearings from it by means of a gyroscope.
Gyroscope	Rotating wheel whose axis is free to turn but maintains a fixed direction unless perturbed, esp. Used for stabilization or with the compass in an aircraft, ship, etc.
H1	eighth letter of the alphabet
H1	anything having the form of an h (esp. In
H1	: h-girder).
H2	hard.
H2	hydrant.
H2	heroin.
H2	henry
H3	Hydrogen.
H.	hecto-.
H.	height.
H.	hot.
H.	hour
Ha	Hahnium.
Ha1	Expressing surprise, derision, triumph, etc.
Ha1	In hum and ha: see *hum.
Ha2	Hectare
Habeas corpus	Writ requiring a person to be brought before a judge or into court, esp. To investigate the lawfulness of his or her detention.
Haberdasher	Dealer in dress accessories and sewing-goods.
Habiliment	(usu. In
Habiliment	clothes.
Habit	settled or regular tendency or practice
Habit	practice that is hard to give up.
Habit	mental constitution or attitude.
Habit	dress, esp. Of a religious order.
Habitable	Suitable for living in.
Habitat	Natural home of an animal or plant.
Habitation	inhabiting
Habitation	house or home.
Habit-forming	Causing addiction.
Habitual	done constantly or as a habit.
Habitual	regular, usual.
Habitual	given to a
Habitual	habit
Habituate	accustom.
Habitué	Habitual visitor or resident.
Hácek	Diacritic
Hácek	placed over a letter to modify its sound in some languages.
Hachures	pl. Parallel lines on a map indicating the degree of steepness of hills.
Hacienda	estate with a dwelling-house.
Hack1	cut or chop roughly.
Hack1	football etc. Kick the shin of
Hack1	deliver cutting blows.
Hack1	cut
Hack1	through foliage etc.
Hack1	Gain unauthorized access to
Hack1	manage, cope with; tolerate.
Hack1	(as hacking
Hack1	short, dry, and frequent.
Hack1	kick with the toe of a boot.
Hack1	gash or wound, esp. From a kick.
Hack1	a mattock.
Hack1	miner's pick.
Hack2	horse let out for hire.
Hack2	person hired to do dull routine work, esp. Writing.
Hack2	used as a hack.
Hack2	typical of a hack; commonplace
Hack2	Ride on horseback on a road at an ordinary pace.
Hacker	person or thing that hacks or cuts roughly.
Hacker	person whose hobby is computing or computer programming.
Hacker	person who uses a computer to gain unauthorized access to a computer network.
Hackle	a (in
Hackle	) Erectile hairs on an animal's neck, rising when it is angry or alarmed.
Hackle	feather
Hackle	on the neck of a domestic cock etc.
Hackle	steel comb for dressing flax.
Hackney	horse for ordinary riding.
Hackney carriage	Taxi.
Hackneyed	Made trite by overuse.
Hacksaw	Saw with a narrow blade set in a frame, for cutting metal.
Haddock	Atlantic marine fish used as food.
Hades	the underworld.
Hadn't	Had not.
Haemal	of the blood.
Haematite	a ferric oxide ore.
Haematology	the study of the blood.
Haemoglobin	oxygen-carrying substance in the red blood cells of vertebrates.
Haemophilia	hereditary failure of the blood to clot normally with the tendency to bleed severely from even a slight injury.
Haemophiliac	person with haemophilia.
Haemorrhage	profuse loss of blood from a ruptured blood-vessel.
Haemorrhage	damaging loss, esp. Of people or assets.
Haemorrhage	suffer a haemorrhage.
Haemorrhoids	pl.
Haemorrhoids	swollen veins in the wall of the anus; piles.
Hafnium	Silvery lustrous metallic element.
Haft	Handle of a dagger, knife, etc.
Hag	ugly old woman.
Hag	witch.
Haggard	Looking exhausted and distraught.
Haggis	Scottish dish of offal boiled in a sheep's stomach with suet, oatmeal, etc.
Haggle	bargain persistently.
Haggle	Haggling.
Hagio-	Form of saints.
Hagiography	Writing about saints' lives.
Hagiology	Literature dealing with the lives and legends of saints.
Hagridden	Afflicted by nightmares or anxieties.
Ha ha	Representing laughter
Ha-ha	Ditch with a wall in it, forming a boundary or fence without interrupting the view.
Hahnium	Artificially produced radioactive element.
Haiku	japanese three-part poem of usu.
Haiku	7 syllables.
Hail1	pellets of frozen rain.
Hail1	barrage or onslaught.
Hail1	hail falls.
Hail1	come down forcefully.
Hail1	pour down
Hail2	signal to
Hail2	To stop.
Hail2	greet enthusiastically.
Hail2	acclaim
Hail2	originate or come
Hail2	or joc. Expressing greeting.
Hail2	Act of hailing.
Hail-fellow-well-met	Friendly, esp. Too friendly towards strangers.
Hail mary	The ave maria
Hailstone	Pellet of hail.
Hailstorm	Period of heavy hail.
Hair	a any of the fine threadlike strands growing from the skin of mammals, esp. From the human head.
Hair	these collectively
Hair	thing resembling a hair.
Hair	elongated cell growing from a plant.
Hair	very small quantity or extent (also
Hair	: hair crack).
Hair	Annoy a person. Keep one's hair on
Hair	Keep calm; not get angry. Let one's hair down
Hair	Enjoy oneself by abandoning restraint. Make one's hair stand on end
Hair	Horrify one. Not turn a hair remain unmoved or unaffected.
Hairbrush	Brush for tidying the hair.
Haircloth	Stiff cloth woven from hair.
Haircut	act of cutting the hair
Haircut	style in which the hair is cut.
Hairdo	style of or act of styling the hair.
Hairdresser	person who cuts and styles the hair, esp. For a living.
Hairdresser	hairdresser's shop.
Hair-drier	device for drying the hair with warm air.
Hairgrip	Flat hairpin with the ends close together.
Hairline	edge of a person's hair, esp. On the forehead.
Hairline	very narrow line, crack
Hairline	, etc.
Hairnet	Piece of netting for confining the hair.
Hair of the dog	Further alcoholic drink taken to cure the effects of drink.
Hairpiece	Quantity of hair augmenting a person's natural hair.
Hairpin	U-shaped pin for fastening the hair.
Hairpin bend	Sharp u-shaped bend in a road.
Hair-raising	Terrifying.
Hair's breadth	tiny amount or margin.
Hair shirt	Shirt of haircloth, worn formerly by penitents and ascetics.
Hair-slide	Clip for keeping the hair in place.
Hair-splitting	Quibbling.
Hairspray	Liquid sprayed on the hair to keep it in place.
Hairspring	Fine spring regulating the balance-wheel in a watch.
Hairstyle	Particular way of arranging the hair.
Hair-trigger	Trigger of a firearm set for release at the slightest pressure.
Hairy	covered with hair.
Hairy	frightening, dangerous.
Hajj	islamic pilgrimage to mecca.
Hajji	muslim who has made the pilgrimage to mecca.
Haka	maori ceremonial war dance with chanting.
Haka	imitation of this by a sports team before a match.
Hake	marine fish resembling the cod, used as food.
Halal	(often
Halal	) Meat from an animal killed according to muslim law.
Halberd	Hist. Combined spear and battleaxe.
Halcyon	Calm, peaceful, happy
Hale	Strong and healthy
Half	either of two
Half	parts into which a thing is divided.
Half	Half a pint, esp. Of beer.
Half	sport either of two equal periods of play.
Half	Half-price fare or ticket, esp. For a child.
Half	amounting to half
Half	forming a half
Half	(often in
Half	) To the extent of half; partly
Half	to some extent
Half	by the amount of half
Half	) Excessively
Half	. By halves imperfectly or incompletely
Half	. Half a mind see *mind. Half the time see *time. Not half
Half	extremely, violently
Half	not nearly
Half	Not at all
Half-and-half	Being half one thing and half another.
Half-back	Sport player between the forwards and full backs.
Half-baked	not thoroughly thought out; foolish.
Half-baked	Only partly committed.
Half board	Provision of bed, breakfast, and one main meal at a hotel etc.
Half-breed	Offens.
Half-brother	Brother with whom one has only one parent in common.
Half-caste	Offens. Person of mixed race.
Half-crown	former coin and monetary unit worth
Half-cut	fairly drunk.
Half-dozen	Six, or about six.
Half-duplex	Computing
Half-duplex	allowing the two-way transmission of signals but not simultaneously.
Half-hardy	able to grow in the open except in severe frost.
Half-hearted	Lacking enthusiasm.
Half-hearted	Half-heartedness
Half hitch	Knot formed by passing the end of a rope round its standing part and then through the loop.
Half holiday	Half a day as holiday.
Half-hour	period of
Half-hour	0 minutes.
Half-hour	point of time
Half-hour	0 minutes after any hour o'clock.
Half-life	Time taken for radioactivity etc. To fall to half its original value.
Half-light	Dim imperfect light.
Half-mast	Position of a flag halfway down a mast, as a mark of respect for a deceased person.
Half measures	pl. Unsatisfactory compromise or inadequate policy.
Half moon	moon when only half its surface is illuminated.
Half moon	time when this occurs.
Half moon	semicircular object.
Halfpenny	former coin worth half a penny.
Half-sister	Sister with whom one has only one parent in common.
Half-term	Short holiday halfway through a school term.
Half-timbered	Having walls with a timber frame and a brick or plaster filling.
Half-time	mid-point of a game or contest.
Half-time	short break occurring at this time.
Half-title	Title or short title of a book printed on the front of the leaf preceding the title-page.
Halftone	Photographic illustration in which various tones of grey are produced from small and large black dots.
Half-truth	Statement that
Half-truth	conveys only part of the truth.
Half-volley	playing of the ball as soon as it bounces off the ground.
Halfway	at a point midway between two others
Halfway	to some extent, more or less
Halfway	Situated halfway
Halfway house	compromise.
Halfway house	halfway point in a progression.
Halfway house	centre for rehabilitating ex-prisoners etc.
Halfway house	inn midway between two towns.
Halfwit	Foolish or stupid person.
Halibut	large marine flat-fish used as food.
Hall	area into which the front entrance of a house etc. Opens.
Hall	large room or building for meetings, concerts, etc.
Hall	large country house or estate.
Hall	residence for students.
Hall	Dining-room.
Hall	premises of a guild
Hall	large public room in a palace etc.
Hallmark	mark indicating the standard of gold, silver, and platinum.
Hallmark	distinctive feature.
Hallmark	Stamp with a hallmark.
Halloo	Inciting dogs to the chase or calling attention.
Hallow	make holy, consecrate.
Hallow	honour as holy.
Hallowe'en	Eve of all saints' day,
Hallowe'en	1 oct.
Hallucinate	experience hallucinations.
Hallucination	Illusion of seeing or hearing something not actually present.
Hallucinogen	Drug causing hallucinations.
Hallway	Entrance-hall or corridor.
Halo	disc or circle of light shown surrounding the head of a sacred person.
Halo	glory associated with an idealized person etc.
Halo	circle of white or coloured light round a luminous body, esp. The sun or moon.
Halo	surround with a halo.
Halogen	Any of the non-metallic elements
Halogen	which form a salt
Halogen	when combined with a metal.
Halon	Any of various gaseous compounds of carbon, bromine, and other halogens, used to extinguish fires.
Halt1	stop
Halt1	minor stopping-place on a local railway line.
Halt1	Stop; come or bring to a halt.
Halt2	(esp. As halting
Halt2	) Proceed hesitantly.
Halt2	lame.
Halter	headstall and rope for leading or tying up a horse etc.
Halter	a strap round the neck holding a dress etc. Up and leaving the shoulders and back bare.
Halter	dress etc. Held by this.
Halva	Confection of sesame flour and honey etc.
Halve	divide into two halves or parts; share equally between two.
Halve	reduce by half.
Halve	golf use the same number of strokes as one's opponent in
Halves	Of *half.
Halyard	rope or tackle for raising or lowering a sail, yard, etc.
Ham	a upper part of a pig's leg salted and dried or smoked for food.
Ham	meat from this.
Ham	back of the thigh; thigh and buttock.
Ham	(often
Ham	) Inexpert or unsubtle actor or piece of acting.
Ham	Operator of an amateur radio station.
Ham	Overact.
Hamburger	Cake of minced beef, usu. Eaten in a soft bread roll.
Ham-fisted	Clumsy.
Hamitic	Group of african languages including ancient egyptian and berber.
Hamitic	Of this group.
Hamlet	Small village, esp. Without a church.
Hammer	a tool with a heavy metal head at right angles to its handle, used for driving nails etc.
Hammer	similar device, as for exploding the charge in a gun, striking the strings of a piano, etc.
Hammer	auctioneer's mallet.
Hammer	metal ball attached to a wire for throwing in an athletic contest.
Hammer	a hit or beat with or as with a hammer.
Hammer	strike loudly.
Hammer	a drive in
Hammer	with a hammer.
Hammer	fasten or secure by hammering
Hammer	inculcate
Hammer	Forcefully or repeatedly.
Hammer	Defeat utterly; beat up.
Hammer	work hard or persistently at.
Hammer	make flat or smooth by hammering.
Hammer	work out details of
Hammer	Laboriously.
Hammer	play
Hammer	loudly or clumsily.
Hammer	(esp. In sense
Hammer and sickle	Symbols of the industrial worker and peasant used as an emblem of the former ussr and international communism.
Hammer and tongs	With great vigour and commotion.
Hammerhead	Shark with a flattened head and with eyes in lateral extensions of it.
Hammerlock	Wrestling hold in which the arm is twisted and bent behind the back.
Hammer-toe	Toe bent permanently downwards.
Hammock	Bed of canvas or rope network suspended by cords at the ends.
Hammy	Over-theatrical.
Hamper1	Large basket, usu. With a hinged lid and containing food.
Hamper2	Prevent the free movement of; hinder.
Hamster	Mouselike rodent with a short tail and large cheek-pouches for storing food.
Hamstring	each of five tendons at the back of the knee.
Hamstring	great tendon at the back of the hock in quadrupeds.
Hamstring	(past and
Hamstring	-strung or -stringed)
Hamstring	cripple by cutting the hamstrings of
Hamstring	impair the activity or efficiency of.
Hand	a end part of the human arm beyond the wrist.
Hand	end part of a forelimb.
Hand	a (often in
Hand	) Control, management, custody, disposal
Hand	agency or influence
Hand	share in an action; active support
Hand	thing like a hand, esp. The pointer of a clock.
Hand	right or left side or direction relative to a person or thing.
Hand	a skill
Hand	person skilful in some respect.
Hand	person who does or makes something, esp. Distinctively
Hand	person's writing or its style.
Hand	person etc. As a source
Hand	pledge of marriage.
Hand	0 manual worker, esp. At a factory or farm; member of a ship's crew.
Hand	1 a playing-cards dealt to a player.
Hand	round of play.
Hand	Burst of applause.
Hand	3 unit of measure of a horse's height,
Hand	inches
Hand	4 forehock of pork.
Hand	operated by or held in the hand
Hand	done by hand, not machine
Hand	Deliver; transfer by hand or otherwise.
Hand	Give away too readily
Hand	close by.
Hand	about to happen. By hand
Hand	by a person, not a machine.
Hand	delivered privately, not by post. From hand to mouth satisfying only one's immediate needs. Get
Hand	one's hand in become
Hand	in practice. Hand down
Hand	pass ownership or use of to a later generation etc.
Hand	a transmit
Hand	from a higher court etc.
Hand	us express
Hand	. Hand it to
Hand	Award deserved praise to. Hand on pass
Hand	to the next in a series. Hand out
Hand	serve, distribute.
Handbag	Small bag carried esp. By a woman.
Handball	game with a ball thrown by hand among players or against a wall.
Handball	football intentional touching of the ball, constituting a foul.
Handbell	Small bell for ringing by hand, esp. One of a set.
Handbill	Printed notice distributed by hand.
Handbook	Short manual or guidebook.
Handbrake	Brake operated by hand.
H. & c.	Hot and cold
Handcart	Small cart pushed or drawn by hand.
Handclap	Clapping of the hands.
Handcraft	Make by handicraft.
Handcuff	Each of a pair of linked metal rings for securing a prisoner's wrist
Handcuff	Put handcuffs on.
Handful	quantity that fills the hand.
Handful	small number or amount.
Handful	Troublesome person or task.
Handgun	Small firearm held in and fired with one hand.
Handhold	Something for the hand to grip on
Handicap	physical or mental disability.
Handicap	thing that makes progress or success difficult.
Handicap	a disadvantage imposed on a superior competitor to make chances more equal.
Handicap	race etc. In which this is imposed.
Handicap	number of strokes by which a golfer normally exceeds par for a course.
Handicap	impose a handicap on.
Handicap	place at a disadvantage.
Handicapped	Suffering from a physical or mental disability.
Handicraft	Work requiring manual and artistic skill.
Hand in glove	In collusion or association.
Hand in hand	in close association
Hand in hand	holding hands.
Handiwork	Work done or a thing made by hand, or by a particular person.
Handkerchief	square of cloth for wiping one's nose etc.
Handle	part by which a thing is held, carried, or controlled.
Handle	fact that may be taken advantage of
Handle	Personal title.
Handle	touch, feel, operate, or move with the hands.
Handle	manage, deal with
Handle	deal in
Handle	treat
Handlebar	(usu. In
Handlebar	) Steering-bar of a bicycle etc.
Handlebar moustache	Thick moustache with curved ends.
Handler	person who handles or deals in something.
Handler	person who trains and looks after an animal (esp.
Handler	police dog).
Handmade	Made by hand
Handmaid	female servant.
Hand-me-down	Article of clothing etc. Passed on from another person.
Hand-out	thing given free to a needy person.
Hand-out	statement given to the press etc.; notes given out in a class etc.
Hand-over	Handing over.
Hand-over-fist	With rapid progress.
Hand-pick	Choose carefully or personally.
Handrail	Narrow rail for holding as a support.
Handsaw	Saw worked by one hand.
Handset	Telephone mouthpiece and earpiece as one unit.
Handshake	Clasping of a person's hand as a greeting etc.
Hands off	Warning not to touch or interfere with something.
Hands off	not requiring the manual use of controls.
Handsome	good-looking.
Handsome	imposing, attractive.
Handsome	a generous, liberal
Handsome	Considerable.
Hands on	Of or requiring personal operation at a keyboard.
Hands on	Practical rather than theoretical
Handspring	Gymnastic feat consisting of a handstand, somersaulting, and landing in a standing position.
Handstand	Supporting oneself on one's hands with one's feet in the air.
Hand-to-hand	at close quarters.
Handwork	Work done with the hands.
Handwriting	writing done with a pen, pencil, etc.
Handwriting	person's particular style of this.
Handy	convenient to handle or use; useful.
Handy	ready to hand.
Handy	clever with the hands.
Handy	Handiness
Handyman	Person able to do occasional repairs etc.; odd-job man.
Hang	(past and
Hang	Hung except in sense
Hang	a secure or cause to be supported from above, esp. With the lower part free.
Hang	Attach by suspending from the top.
Hang	set up
Hang	On hinges.
Hang	place
Hang	on a wall or in an exhibition.
Hang	attach
Hang	to a wall.
Hang	Blame
Hang	on
Hang	decorate by suspending pictures etc.
Hang	(past and
Hang	Hanged) a suspend or be suspended by the neck with a noosed rope until dead, esp. As a form of capital punishment.
Hang	as a mild oath
Hang	let droop
Hang	suspend
Hang	from a hook and leave until dry, tender, or high.
Hang	0 be or remain hung
Hang	1 remain static in the air.
Hang	be present or imminent, esp. Oppressively or threateningly
Hang	a be contingent or dependent on
Hang	listen closely to
Hang	Way a thing hangs or falls.
Hang	Understand the technique or meaning of. Hang about
Hang	a stand about or spend time aimlessly; not move away.
Hang	linger near
Hang	Associate with. Hang back show reluctance to act or move. Hang fire be slow in taking action or in progressing. Hang heavily
Hang	seem to pass slowly. Hang in us
Hang	persist, persevere.
Hang	linger. Hang on
Hang	continue to hold or grasp.
Hang	retain; fail to give back.
Hang	wait for a short time.
Hang	not ring off during a pause in the conversation.
Hang	Continue; persevere. Hang out
Hang	suspend from a window, clothes-line, etc.
Hang	a protrude downwards
Hang	lean out of
Hang	frequent or live in a place. Hang together
Hang	make sense.
Hang	remain associated. Hang up
Hang	hang from a hook etc.
Hang	end a telephone conversation by replacing the receiver
Hang	be a psychological problem or obsession for
Hang	. Not care
Hang	a hang
Hang	Not care at all.
Hangar	Building for housing aircraft etc.
Hangdog	Shamefaced.
Hanger	person or thing that hangs.
Hanger	shaped piece of wood etc. For hanging clothes on.
Hanger-on	follower or dependant, esp. An unwelcome one.
Hang-glider	Glider with a fabric wing on a light frame, from which the operator is suspended.
Hang-glider	Hang-gliding
Hanging	execution by suspending by the neck.
Hanging	(usu. In
Hanging	) Draperies hung on a wall etc.
Hangman	executioner who hangs condemned persons.
Hangman	word-game for two players, with failed guesses recorded by drawing a representation of a gallows.
Hang-out	place frequented by a person; haunt.
Hangover	severe headache etc. From drinking too much alcohol.
Hangover	survival from the past.
Hang-up	emotional problem or inhibition.
Hank	Coil or skein of wool or thread etc.
Hanker	Long for; crave.
Hanky	Handkerchief.
Hanky-panky	naughtiness, esp. Sexual.
Hanky-panky	double-dealing; trickery.
Hanoverian	Of british sovereigns from george i to victoria.
Hansard	Official verbatim record of debates in the british parliament.
Hansen's disease	Leprosy.
Hansom	hist. Two-wheeled horse-drawn cab.
Hanukkah	Jewish festival of lights, commemorating the purification of the temple in
Hanukkah	65 bc.
Haphazard	Done etc. By chance; random.
Hapless	Unlucky.
Haploid	with a single set of chromosomes.
Happen	occur
Happen	Have the
Happen	fortune to
Happen	be the
Happen	fate or experience of
Happen	encounter or discover by chance.
Happening	event.
Happening	improvised or spontaneous theatrical etc. Performance.
Happy	feeling or showing pleasure or contentment.
Happy	a fortunate; characterized by happiness.
Happy	Apt, pleasing.
Happy	Happiness
Happy-go-lucky	Cheerfully casual.
Happy hour	Time of the day when goods, esp. Drinks, are sold at reduced prices.
Happy medium	Compromise; avoidance of extremes.
Hara-kiri	Ritual suicide by disembowelment with a sword, formerly practised by samurai to avoid dishonour.
Harangue	Lengthy and earnest speech.
Harangue	make a harangue to; lecture.
Harass	trouble and annoy continually.
Harass	make repeated attacks on.
Harbinger	person or thing that announces or signals the approach of another.
Harbinger	forerunner.
Harbor	place of shelter for ships.
Harbor	shelter; refuge.
Harbor	give shelter to (esp.
Harbor	criminal).
Harbor	keep in one's mind
Harbour	place of shelter for ships.
Harbour	shelter; refuge.
Harbour	give shelter to (esp.
Harbour	criminal).
Harbour	keep in one's mind
Harbour-master	Official in charge of a harbour.
Hard	Firm and solid.
Hard	a difficult to understand, explain, or accomplish.
Hard	Not easy to
Hard	difficult to bear
Hard	unfeeling; severely critical.
Hard	severe.
Hard	unpleasant to the senses, harsh
Hard	a strenuous, enthusiastic, intense
Hard	severe, uncompromising
Hard	polit. Extreme; most radical
Hard	strongly alcoholic.
Hard	potent and addictive.
Hard	highly obscene.
Hard	containing mineral salts that make lathering difficult.
Hard	0 established; not disputable
Hard	High; not likely to fall in value.
Hard	guttural
Hard	Strenuously, intensely, copiously
Hard	be difficult for.
Hard	be severe in one's treatment or criticism of.
Hard	be unpleasant to
Hard	. Be hard put to it
Hard	Find it difficult. Hard by close by. Hard on
Hard	close to in pursuit etc.
Hard	Hardness
Hard and fast	definite, unalterable, strict.
Hardback	Bound in boards covered with cloth etc.
Hardback	Hardback book.
Hardbitten	Tough and cynical.
Hardboard	Stiff board made of compressed and treated wood pulp.
Hard-boiled	boiled until the white and yolk are solid.
Hard-boiled	tough, shrewd.
Hard cash	Negotiable coins and banknotes.
Hard copy	Material printed by a computer on paper.
Hardcore	Solid material, esp. Rubble, as road-foundation.
Hard core	irreducible nucleus.
Hard core	the most committed members of a society etc.
Hard core	conservative or reactionary minority
Hard-core	forming a nucleus.
Hard-core	blatant, uncompromising.
Hard-core	explicit, obscene.
Hard disk	Computing large-capacity rigid usu. Magnetic storage disk.
Hard-done-by	Unfairly treated.
Harden	make or become hard or harder.
Harden	become, or make
Harden	, less sympathetic.
Harden	Cease to fall or fluctuate.
Hard-headed	Practical; not sentimental.
Hard-hearted	Unfeeling.
Hardihood	Boldness, daring.
Hard labour	Heavy manual work as a punishment, esp. In a prison.
Hard line	Unyielding adherence to a policy.
Hard luck	Worse fortune than one deserves.
Hardly	scarcely; only just
Hardly	only with difficulty
Hardly	surely not
Hard-nosed	Realistic, uncompromising.
Hard of hearing	Somewhat deaf.
Hard-on	erection of the penis.
Hard pad	Form of distemper in dogs etc.
Hard palate	Front part of the palate.
Hard-pressed	closely pursued.
Hard-pressed	burdened with urgent business.
Hard sell	Aggressive salesmanship.
Hardship	severe suffering or privation.
Hardship	circumstance causing this.
Hard shoulder	Hard surface alongside a motorway for stopping on in an emergency.
Hard tack	Ship's biscuit.
Hardtop	Car with a rigid
Hardtop	roof.
Hard up	Short of money.
Hardware	tools and household articles of metal etc.
Hardware	heavy machinery or armaments.
Hardware	mechanical and electronic components of a computer etc.
Hard-wearing	Able to stand much wear.
Hardwood	Wood from a deciduous broad-leaved tree.
Hard-working	Diligent.
Hardy	robust; capable of enduring difficult conditions.
Hardy	able to grow in the open air all year.
Hardy annual	Annual plant that may be sown in the open.
Hare	Mammal like a large rabbit, with long ears, short tail, and long hind legs.
Hare	run rapidly.
Harebell	Plant with pale-blue bell-shaped flowers.
Hare-brained	Rash, wild.
Harelip	Often offens. Congenital cleft in the upper lip.
Harem	women of a muslim household.
Harem	their quarters.
Haricot	variety of french bean with small white seeds dried and used as a vegetable.
Hark	listen attentively.
Harlequin	name of a mute character in pantomime, usu. Masked and dressed in a diamond-patterned costume.
Harlequin	In varied colours.
Harlequinade	part of a pantomime featuring harlequin.
Harlequinade	piece of buffoonery.
Harlot	prostitute.
Harm	Hurt, damage.
Harm	Cause harm to.
Harmful	Causing or likely to cause harm.
Harmful	Harmfulness
Harmless	not able or likely to cause harm.
Harmless	inoffensive.
Harmless	Harmlessness
Harmonic	Of or relating to harmony; harmonious.
Harmonic	Overtone accompanying
Harmonic	a fundamental at a fixed interval.
Harmonica	Small rectangular musical instrument played by blowing and sucking air through it.
Harmonious	sweet-sounding; tuneful.
Harmonious	forming a pleasing or consistent whole.
Harmonious	free from disagreement or dissent.
Harmonium	Keyboard instrument in which the notes are produced by air driven through metal reeds by foot-operated bellows.
Harmonize	add notes to
Harmonize	to produce harmony.
Harmonize	bring into or be in harmony.
Harmonize	make or form a pleasing or consistent whole.
Harmony	combination of simultaneously sounded musical notes to produce chords and chord progressions, esp. As creating a pleasing effect.
Harmony	a apt or aesthetic arrangement of parts.
Harmony	pleasing effect of this.
Harmony	agreement, concord.
Harmony	in agreement.
Harmony	Producing chords; not discordant.
Harness	equipment of straps etc. By which a horse is fastened to a cart etc. And controlled.
Harness	similar arrangement for fastening a thing to a person's body.
Harness	a put a harness on.
Harness	attach by harness to.
Harness	make use of
Harness	, esp. To produce energy.
Harp	Large upright stringed instrument plucked with the fingers.
Harp	talk repeatedly and tediously about.
Harpoon	Barbed spearlike missile with a rope attached, for catching whales etc.
Harpoon	Spear with a harpoon.
Harpsichord	Keyboard instrument with horizontal strings plucked mechanically.
Harpy	mythological monster with a woman's head and body and a bird's wings and claws.
Harpy	grasping unscrupulous person.
Harridan	Bad-tempered old woman.
Harrier	hound used for hunting hares.
Harrier	group of cross-country runners.
Harrier	hawklike bird of prey.
Harrow	Heavy frame with iron teeth dragged over ploughed land to break up clods etc.
Harrow	draw a harrow over
Harrow	(usu. As harrowing
Harrow	) Distress greatly.
Harry	ravage or despoil.
Harry	harass.
Harsh	unpleasantly rough or sharp, esp. To the senses.
Harsh	severe, cruel.
Harsh	Harshly
Harsh	Harshness
Hart	male of the
Hart	deer, esp. After its
Hart	th year.
Hartebeest	Large african antelope with curving horns.
Harum-scarum	Wild and reckless.
Harum-scarum	Such a person.
Harvest	a process of gathering in crops etc.
Harvest	season of this.
Harvest	season's yield.
Harvest	product of any action.
Harvest	Gather as harvest, reap.
Harvester	reaper.
Harvester	reaping-machine, esp. With sheaf-binding.
Harvest festival	Christian thanksgiving service for the harvest.
Harvest moon	Full moon nearest to the autumn equinox (22 or
Harvest moon	3 sept.).
Harvest mouse	Small mouse nesting in the stalks of growing grain.
Has	rd sing. Present of *have.
Has-been	Person or thing of declined importance.
Hash1	dish of cooked meat cut into small pieces and reheated.
Hash1	a mixture; jumble.
Hash1	mess.
Hash1	recycled material.
Hash1	recycle
Hash1	Make a mess of; bungle.
Hash2	Hashish.
Hashish	Resinous product of hemp, smoked or chewed as a narcotic.
Haslet	Pieces of
Haslet	offal cooked together, usu. As a meat loaf.
Hasn't	Has not.
Hasp	Hinged metal clasp fitting over a staple and secured by a padlock.
Hassle	Trouble; problem; argument.
Hassle	harass, annoy.
Hassock	Thick firm cushion for kneeling on.
Haste	Urgency of movement or action; excessive hurry.
Hasten	make haste; hurry.
Hasten	cause to occur or be ready or be done sooner.
Hasty	hurried; acting too quickly.
Hasty	said, made, or done too quickly or too soon; rash.
Hasty	Hastiness
Hat	covering for the head.
Hat	Person's present capacity
Hat	Keep it secret. Pass the hat round collect contributions of money. Take one's hat off to
Hat	Acknowledge admiration for.
Hatband	Band of ribbon etc. Round a hat above the brim.
Hatbox	Box to hold a hat, esp. For travelling.
Hatch1	opening in a wall between a kitchen and dining-room for serving food.
Hatch1	opening or door in an aircraft etc.
Hatch1	cover for this.
Hatch2	Emerge from the egg.
Hatch2	produce a young animal.
Hatch2	incubate
Hatch2	devise
Hatch2	act of hatching.
Hatch2	brood hatched.
Hatch3	Mark with close parallel lines.
Hatchback	Car with a sloping back hinged at the top to form a door.
Hatchet	Light short-handled axe.
Hatchet man	Person hired to kill, dismiss, or otherwise harm another.
Hatchway	Opening in a ship's deck for raising and lowering cargo.
Hate	dislike intensely.
Hate	dislike.
Hate	be reluctant
Hate	hatred.
Hate	Hated person or thing.
Hateful	Arousing hatred.
Hatpin	Long pin for securing a hat to the hair.
Hatred	Extreme dislike or ill will.
Hatstand	Stand with hooks for hanging hats etc. On.
Hatter	Maker or seller of hats.
Hat trick	cricket taking of three wickets by the same bowler with three successive balls.
Hat trick	three consecutive successes etc.
Haughty	arrogant and disdainful.
Haughty	Haughtiness
Haul	pull or drag forcibly.
Haul	transport by lorry, cart, etc.
Haul	turn a ship's course.
Haul	bring for reprimand or trial.
Haul	hauling.
Haul	amount gained or acquired.
Haul	distance to be traversed
Haulage	commercial transport of goods.
Haulage	charge for this.
Haulier	Person or firm engaged in the transport of goods.
Haulm	stalk or stem.
Haulm	stalks or stems of peas, beans, etc., collectively.
Haunch	fleshy part of the buttock with the thigh.
Haunch	leg and loin of a deer etc. As food.
Haunt	visit
Haunt	regularly.
Haunt	frequent
Haunt	linger in the mind of.
Haunt	Place frequented by a person or animal.
Haunting	Tending to linger in the mind; poignant, evocative.
Haute couture	High fashion; leading fashion houses or their products.
Haute cuisine	High-class cookery.
Hauteur	Haughtiness.
Have	(-ving;
Have	rd sing. Present has; past and
Have	Had)
Have	as an auxiliary verb with
Have	Or ellipt., to form the perfect, pluperfect, and future perfect tenses, and the conditional mood
Have	own or be able to use; be provided with
Have	hold in a certain relationship
Have	contain as a part or quality
Have	a experience
Have	be subjected to a specified state
Have	cause
Have	to be in a particular state or take particular action
Have	a engage in
Have	hold
Have	eat or drink
Have	Accept or tolerate; permit to
Have	a feel
Have	show
Have	Show by action that one is influenced by
Have	0 a give birth to
Have	conceive mentally
Have	1 receive, obtain
Have	2 be burdened with or committed to
Have	3 a have obtained
Have	know
Have	a get the better of
Have	cheat, deceive
Have	have sexual intercourse with.
Have	(usu. In
Have	Person with wealth or resources.
Have	swindle.
Have	= have to. Have had it
Have	have missed one's chance.
Have	have passed one's prime.
Have	have been killed, defeated, etc. Have it
Have	maintain that.
Have	win a decision in a vote etc.
Have	Have found the answer etc. Have it away
Have	have sexual intercourse. Have it in for
Have	Be hostile or ill-disposed towards. Have it out
Have	Attempt to settle a dispute by argument. Have on
Have	wear
Have	have
Have	Tease, hoax. Have to be obliged to, must. Have up
Have	Bring
Have	before a judge, interviewer, etc.
Haven	refuge.
Haven	harbour, port.
Have-not	(usu. In
Have-not	Person lacking wealth or resources.
Haven't	Have not.
Haver	vacillate, hesitate.
Haver	dial. Talk foolishly.
Haversack	Stout canvas bag carried on the back or over the shoulder.
Havoc	Widespread destruction; great disorder.
Haw1	Hawthorn berry.
Hawfinch	Large finch with a thick beak for cracking seeds.
Hawk1	bird of prey with a curved beak, rounded short wings, and a long tail.
Hawk1	polit. Person who advocates aggressive policies.
Hawk1	Hunt with a hawk.
Hawk2	Carry about or offer
Hawk2	for sale.
Hawk3	clear the throat noisily.
Hawk3	bring
Hawk3	Up from the throat.
Hawker	Person who travels about selling goods.
Hawk-eyed	Keen-sighted.
Hawser	Thick rope or cable for mooring or towing a ship.
Hawthorn	Thorny shrub with small dark-red berries.
Health service	Public service providing medical care.
Health visitor	Trained nurse who visits mothers and babies, or the sick or elderly, at home.
Healthy	having, showing, or promoting good health.
Healthy	indicative of
Healthy	health
Healthy	substantial (won by a healthy
Healthy	0 seconds).
Healthy	Healthiness
Heap	disorderly pile.
Heap	(esp. In
Heap	Large number or amount.
Heap	dilapidated vehicle.
Heap	Collect or be collected in a heap.
Heap	load copiously with.
Heap	give or offer copiously
Hear	(past and
Hear	Heard)
Hear	Perceive with the ear.
Hear	listen to
Hear	listen judicially to
Hear	be told or informed.
Hear	be contacted by, esp. By letter or telephone.
Hear	be ready to obey
Hear	grant
Hear	Expressing agreement. Hear a person out listen to all a person says. Will not hear of will not allow.
Hearing	faculty of perceiving sounds.
Hearing	range within which sounds may be heard
Hearing	opportunity to state one's case
Hearing	trial of a case before a court.
Hearing-aid	Small device to amplify sound, worn by a partially deaf person.
Hearken	listen.
Hearsay	Rumour, gossip.
Hearse	Vehicle for conveying the coffin at a funeral.
Heart	hollow muscular organ maintaining the circulation of blood by rhythmic contraction and dilation.
Heart	region of the heart; the breast.
Heart	a centre of thought, feeling, and emotion
Heart	capacity for feeling emotion
Heart	a courage or enthusiasm
Heart	mood or feeling
Heart	a central or innermost part of something.
Heart	essence
Heart	compact tender inner part of a lettuce etc.
Heart	a heart-shaped thing.
Heart	conventional representation of a heart with two equal curves meeting at a point at the bottom and a cusp at the top.
Heart	a playing-card of the suit denoted by a red figure of a heart.
Heart	) This suit.
Heart	in one's inmost feelings.
Heart	basically. Break a person's heart overwhelm a person with sorrow. By heart from memory. Give
Heart	one's heart
Heart	fall in love
Heart	. Have the heart
Heart	Be insensitive or hard-hearted enough
Heart	. Take to heart be much affected by. To one's heart's content see *content1. With all one's heart sincerely; with all goodwill.
Heartache	Mental anguish.
Heart attack	Sudden occurrence of coronary thrombosis.
Heartbeat	Pulsation of the heart.
Heartbreak	Overwhelming distress.
Heartbreak	Heartbroken
Heartburn	Burning sensation in the chest from indigestion.
Hearten	Make or become more cheerful.
Heart failure	Failure of the heart to function properly, esp. As a cause of death.
Heartfelt	Sincere; deeply felt.
Hearth	floor of a fireplace.
Hearth	the home.
Hearthrug	Rug laid before a fireplace.
Heartily	in a hearty manner.
Heartily	very
Heartland	Central part of an area.
Heartless	Unfeeling, pitiless.
Heart-lung machine	Machine that temporarily takes over the functions of the heart and lungs.
Heart-rending	Very distressing.
Heart-searching	Examination of one's own feelings and motives.
Heartsick	Despondent.
Heartstrings	pl. One's deepest feelings.
Heartthrob	Person for whom one has
Heartthrob	romantic feelings.
Heart-to-heart	Candid, intimate.
Heart-to-heart	Candid or personal conversation.
Heart-warming	Emotionally rewarding or uplifting.
Heartwood	Dense inner part of a tree-trunk, yielding the hardest timber.
Hearty	strong, vigorous.
Hearty	large.
Hearty	warm, friendly.
Heat	condition of being hot.
Heat	physics form of energy arising from the motion of bodies' molecules.
Heat	hot weather.
Heat	warmth of feeling; anger or excitement.
Heat	most intense part or period of activity
Heat	round in a race etc.
Heat	make or become hot or warm.
Heat	inflame.
Heated	Angry; impassioned.
Heater	Stove or other heating device.
Heath	area of flattish uncultivated land with low shrubs.
Heath	plant growing on a heath, esp. Heather.
Heathen	person not belonging to a predominant religion, esp. Not a christian, jew, or muslim.
Heathen	person regarded as lacking culture or moral principles.
Heathen	of heathens.
Heathen	having no religion.
Heather	Any of various shrubs growing esp. On moors and heaths.
Heath robinson	Absurdly ingenious and impracticable.
Heating	imparting or generation of heat.
Heating	equipment used to heat a building etc.
Heatproof	Able to resist great heat.
Heatproof	Make heatproof.
Heat shield	Device to protect (esp.
Heat shield	spacecraft) from excessive heat.
Heatwave	Period of unusually hot weather.
Heave	(-ving; past and
Heave	Heaved or esp.
Heave	Hove)
Heave	lift or haul with great effort.
Heave	utter with effort
Heave	Throw.
Heave	rise and fall rhythmically or spasmodically.
Heave	Haul by rope.
Heave	retch.
Heave	Heaving.
Heave	Bring or be brought to a standstill.
Heaven	place regarded in some religions as the abode of god and the angels, and of the blessed after death.
Heaven	place or state of supreme bliss.
Heaven	Delightful thing.
Heaven	god, providence
Heaven	esp. Poet. The sky as seen from the earth, in which the sun, moon, and stars appear.
Heavenly	of heaven; divine.
Heavenly	of the heavens or sky.
Heavenly	Very pleasing; wonderful.
Heavenly bodies	pl. The sun, stars, planets, etc.
Heaven-sent	Providential.
Heavier-than-air	weighing more than the air it displaces.
Heavy	of great or unusually high weight; difficult to lift.
Heavy	of great density
Heavy	abundant, considerable
Heavy	severe, intense, extensive
Heavy	doing a thing to excess
Heavy	striking or falling with force; causing strong impact
Heavy	Very large of its kind; large in calibre etc.
Heavy	needing much physical effort
Heavy	carrying heavy weapons
Heavy	0 serious or sombre in tone or attitude; dull, tedious.
Heavy	1 a hard to digest.
Heavy	hard to read or understand.
Heavy	Too dense from not having risen.
Heavy	difficult to traverse or work.
Heavy	4 oppressive; hard to endure
Heavy	, ungraceful
Heavy	unwieldy.
Heavy	Large violent person; thug
Heavy	villainous or tragic role or actor.
Heavy	(usu. In
Heavy	Serious newspaper.
Heavy	anything large or heavy of its kind, e.g.
Heavy	vehicle.
Heavy	Heavily (esp. In
Heavy	: heavy-laden).
Heavy-duty	Intended to withstand hard use.
Heavy going	Slow or difficult progress.
Heavy-handed	clumsy.
Heavy-handed	overbearing, oppressive.
Heavy-handed	Heavy-handedness
Heavy-hearted	Sad, doleful.
Heavy industry	Industry producing metal, machinery, etc.
Heavy metal	heavy guns.
Heavy metal	metal of high density.
Heavy metal	Loud kind of rock music with a pounding rhythm.
Heavy petting	Erotic fondling that stops short of intercourse.
Heavy water	Water composed of deuterium and oxygen.
Heavyweight	a weight in certain sports, in amateur boxing over
Heavyweight	1 kg.
Heavyweight	sportsman of this weight.
Heavyweight	person etc. Of above average weight.
Heavyweight	Person of influence or importance.
Hebdomadal	Formal weekly, esp. Meeting weekly.
Hebe	Evergreen flowering shrub from new zealand.
Hebraic	Of hebrew or the hebrews.
Hebrew	member of a semitic people orig. Centred in ancient palestine.
Hebrew	a their language.
Hebrew	modern form of this, used esp. In israel.
Hebrew	of or in hebrew.
Hebrew	of the hebrews or the jews.
Heck	Mild exclamation of surprise or dismay.
Heckle	interrupt and harass
Heckle	Act of heckling.
Hectare	Metric unit of square measure,
Hectare	00 ares (2.471 acres or
Hectare	0,000 square metres).
Hectic	busy and confused; excited.
Hectic	feverish.
Hecto-	Form hundred.
Hectogram	metric unit of mass equal to
Hectogram	00 grams.
Hector	Bully, intimidate.
Hector	Bully.
He'd	he had.
He'd	he would.
Hedge	fence or boundary of dense bushes or shrubs.
Hedge	protection against possible loss.
Hedge	surround or bound with a hedge.
Hedge	enclose.
Hedge	a reduce one's risk of loss on
Hedge	by compensating transactions on the other side.
Hedge	avoid committing oneself.
Hedgehog	Small insect-eating mammal with a piglike snout and a coat of spines, rolling itself up into a ball when attacked.
Hedge-hop	Fly at a very low altitude.
Hedgerow	Row of bushes etc. Forming a hedge.
Hedge sparrow	Common grey and brown bird; the dunnock.
Hedonism	belief in pleasure as mankind's proper aim.
Hedonism	behaviour based on this.
Hedonism	Hedonistic
Heebie-jeebies	pl.
Heebie-jeebies	nervous anxiety, tension.
Heed	Attend to; take notice of.
Heed	Careful attention.
Heed	Heedless
Heed	Heedlessly
Hee-haw	Bray of a donkey.
Hee-haw	Make a braying sound.
Heel1	back of the foot below the ankle.
Heel1	a part of a sock etc. Covering this.
Heel1	part of a shoe etc. Supporting this.
Heel1	thing like a heel in form or position.
Heel1	crust end of a loaf of bread.
Heel1	Scoundrel.
Heel1	(as
Heel1	) Command to a dog to walk close to its owner's heel.
Heel1	fit or renew a heel on
Heel1	touch the ground with the heel as in dancing.
Heel1	rugby pass the ball with the heel.
Heel1	close behind.
Heel1	Under control. At
Heel1	the heels of following closely after
Heel1	. Cool
Heel1	one's heels be kept waiting. Down at heel
Heel1	with the heel worn down.
Heel1	shabby. Take to one's heels run away. To heel
Heel1	close behind.
Heel1	Under control. Turn on one's heel turn sharply round.
Heel2	Lean over.
Heel2	cause
Heel2	To do this.
Heel2	Act or amount of heeling.
Heelball	mixture of hard wax and lampblack used by shoemakers for polishing.
Heelball	this or a similar mixture used in brass-rubbing.
Hefty	big and strong.
Hefty	large, heavy, powerful.
Hefty	Heftiness
Hegemony	Leadership, esp. By one state of a confederacy.
Hegira	muhammad's flight from mecca in ad
Hegira	muslim era reckoned from this date.
Heifer	Young cow, esp. One that has not had more than one calf.
Height	measurement from base to top or head to foot.
Height	elevation above the ground or a recognized level.
Height	considerable elevation
Height	high place or area.
Height	top.
Height	a most intense part or period
Height	extreme example
Heighten	Make or become higher or more intense.
Heinous	Utterly odious or wicked.
Heir	person entitled to property or rank as the legal successor of its former holder.
Heir apparent	Heir whose claim cannot be set aside by the birth of another heir.
Heirloom	piece of personal property that has been in a family for several generations.
Heirloom	piece of property as part of an inheritance.
Heir presumptive	Heir whose claim may be set aside by the birth of another heir.
Hele	set
Hele	in the ground temporarily and cover its roots.
Helical	Having the form of a helix.
Helices	Of *helix.
Helicopter	Wingless aircraft obtaining lift and propulsion from horizontally revolving overhead blades.
Helio-	Form sun.
Heliocentric	regarding the sun as centre.
Heliocentric	considered as viewed from the sun's centre.
Heliograph	signalling apparatus reflecting sunlight in flashes.
Heliograph	message sent by means of this.
Heliograph	Send
Heliograph	by heliograph.
Heliotrope	Plant with fragrant purple flowers.
Heliport	Place where helicopters take off and land.
Helium	Light inert gaseous element used in airships and as a refrigerant.
Helix	spiral curve
Helix	or coiled curve
Hell	place regarded in some religions as the abode of the dead, or of devils and condemned sinners.
Hell	place or state of misery or wickedness.
Hell	Expressing anger, surprise, etc.
Hell	Expressing anger, disbelief, etc.
Hell	. Beat etc. The hell out of
Hell	Beat etc. Without restraint. Come hell or high water no matter what the difficulties. For the hell of it
Hell	Just for fun. Get hell
Hell	Be severely scolded or punished. Give a person hell
Hell	Scold or punish a person.
Hell	hell of a
Hell	Outstanding example of
Hell	. Like hell
Hell	not at all.
Hell	recklessly, exceedingly.
He'll	He will; he shall.
Hell-bent	recklessly determined.
Hellebore	Evergreen plant with usu. White, purple, or green flowers, e.g. The christmas rose.
Hellene	native of modern greece.
Hellene	ancient greek.
Hellenism	greek character or culture.
Hellenistic	Of greek history, language, and culture of the late
Hellenistic	th to the late
Hellenistic	st c. Bc.
Hell-fire	Fire
Hell-fire	regarded as existing in hell.
Hell for leather	At full speed.
Hell-hole	Oppressive or unbearable place.
Hellish	of or like hell.
Hellish	Extremely difficult or unpleasant.
Hellish	Extremely
Hello	Expression of informal greeting, or of surprise, or to call attention.
Hello	cry of ‘hello’.
Hell's angel	Member of a gang of male motor-cycle enthusiasts notorious for outrageous and violent behaviour.
Helm	Tiller or wheel for controlling a ship's rudder.
Helmet	Protective head-covering worn by a policeman, motor cyclist, etc.
Helmsman	Person who steers a ship.
Helot	Serf, esp.
Helot	of a class in ancient sparta.
Help	provide with the means towards what is needed or sought
Help	pay my debts; helped him on with his coat).
Help	Be of use or service to
Help	contribute to alleviating
Help	prevent or remedy
Help	refrain from
Help	refl. Refrain from acting
Help	serve
Help	helping or being helped
Help	person or thing that helps.
Help	Domestic assistant or assistance.
Help	remedy or escape
Help	serve oneself
Help	take without permission. Help a person out give a person help, esp. In difficulty.
Helpful	Giving help; useful.
Helpful	Helpfulness
Helping	Portion of food at a meal.
Helpless	lacking help or protection; defenceless.
Helpless	unable to act without help.
Helpless	Helplessness
Helpline	Telephone service providing help with problems.
Helpmate	Helpful companion or partner.
Helter-skelter	In disorderly haste.
Helter-skelter	external spiral slide round a tower.
Hem1	Border of cloth where the edge is turned under and sewn down.
Hem1	turn down and sew in the edge of
Hem2	Calling attention or expressing hesitation by a slight cough.
Hem2	Utterance of this.
Hem2	say hem; hesitate in speech.
Hemal	of the blood.
He-man	Masterful or virile man.
Hematite	a ferric oxide ore.
Hematology	the study of the blood.
Hemi-	Form half.
Hemipterous	Of the insect order including aphids, bugs, and cicadas, with piercing or sucking mouthparts.
Hemisphere	half a sphere.
Hemisphere	half of the earth, esp. As divided by the equator
Hemisphere	or by a line passing through the poles
Hemline	Lower edge of a skirt etc.
Hemlock	poisonous plant with fernlike leaves and small white flowers.
Hemlock	poison made from this.
Hemoglobin	oxygen-carrying substance in the red blood cells of vertebrates.
Hemophilia	hereditary failure of the blood to clot normally with the tendency to bleed severely from even a slight injury.
Hemophiliac	person with haemophilia.
Hemorrhage	profuse loss of blood from a ruptured blood-vessel.
Hemorrhage	damaging loss, esp. Of people or assets.
Hemorrhage	suffer a haemorrhage.
Hemorrhoids	pl.
Hemorrhoids	swollen veins in the wall of the anus; piles.
Hemp	asian herbaceous plant.
Hemp	its fibre used to make rope and stout fabrics.
Hemp	narcotic drug made from the hemp plant.
Hempen	Made of hemp.
Hemstitch	Decorative stitch.
Hemstitch	Hem with this stitch.
Hen	Female bird, esp. Of a domestic fowl.
Henbane	Poisonous hairy plant with an unpleasant smell.
Hence	from this time
Hence	for this reason
Hence	from here.
Henceforth	from this time onwards.
Henchman	Usu. Derog. Trusted supporter.
Henge	Prehistoric monument consisting of a circle of stone or wood uprights.
Henna	tropical shrub.
Henna	reddish dye made from it and used to colour hair.
Henna	dye with henna.
Hen-party	Social gathering of women only.
Henpeck	constantly nag her husband.
Henry	electr. Si unit of inductance.
Hepatic	Of the liver.
Hepatitis	Inflammation of the liver.
Hepta-	Form seven.
Heptagon	Plane figure with seven sides and angles.
Her	objective case of *she
Her	She
Her	Of or belonging to her or herself
Herald	official messenger bringing news.
Herald	forerunner, harbinger.
Herald	a hist. Officer responsible for state ceremonial and etiquette.
Herald	official concerned with pedigrees and coats of arms.
Herald	Proclaim the approach of; usher in.
Heraldry	art or knowledge of a herald.
Heraldry	coats of arms.
Herb	any non-woody seed-bearing plant.
Herb	plant with leaves, seeds, or flowers used for flavouring, food, medicine, scent, etc.
Herbaceous	Of or like herbs.
Herbaceous border	Garden border containing esp. Perennial flowering plants.
Herbage	Vegetation collectively, esp. As pasture.
Herbal	Of herbs in medicinal and culinary use.
Herbal	Book describing the medicinal and culinary uses of herbs.
Herbalist	dealer in medicinal herbs.
Herbalist	writer on herbs.
Herbarium	systematically arranged collection of dried plants.
Herbarium	book, room, etc. For these.
Herbicide	Poison used to destroy unwanted vegetation.
Herbivore	Animal that feeds on plants.
Herculean	Having or requiring great strength or effort.
Herd	a number of animals, esp. Cattle, feeding or travelling or kept together.
Herd	derog. Large number of people; mob
Herd	go in a herd
Herd	look after
Herd instinct	tendency to think and act as a crowd.
Herdsman	Man who owns or tends a herd.
Here	in or at or to this place or position
Here	indicating a person's presence or a thing offered
Here	at this point in the argument, situation, etc.
Here	This place
Here	calling attention: short for come here, look here, etc.
Here	indicating one's presence in a roll-call: short for i am here.
Here	Expression indicating the start of a bold act. Here's to i drink to the health of. Here we are
Here	Said on arrival at one's destination. Here we go again
Here	The same, usu. Undesirable, events are recurring. Here you are said on handing something to somebody. Neither here nor there of no importance.
Hereabouts	near this place.
Hereafter	From now on; in the future.
Hereafter	the future.
Hereafter	life after death.
Here and now	At this very moment; immediately.
Here and there	In various places.
Hereby	By this means; as a result of this.
Hereditable	That can be inherited.
Hereditary	Able to be passed down genetically from one generation to another.
Hereditary	a descending by inheritance.
Hereditary	holding a position by inheritance.
Heredity	a passing on of physical or mental characteristics genetically.
Heredity	these characteristics.
Heredity	genetic constitution.
Hereford	Animal of a breed of red and white beef cattle.
Herein	Formal in this matter, book, etc.
Hereinafter	Esp. Law formal
Hereinafter	from this point on.
Hereinafter	in a later part of this document etc.
Hereof	Formal of this.
Heresy	esp. Rc ch. Religious belief or practice contrary to orthodox doctrine.
Heresy	opinion contrary to what is normally accepted or maintained.
Heretic	person believing in or practising religious heresy.
Heretic	holder of an unorthodox opinion.
Hereto	Formal to this matter.
Heretofore	Formal before this time.
Hereupon	After this; in consequence of this.
Herewith	With this
Heritable	law capable of being inherited or of inheriting.
Heritable	biol. Genetically transmissible from parent to offspring.
Heritage	what is or may be inherited.
Heritage	inherited circumstances, benefits, etc.
Heritage	a nation's historic buildings, monuments, countryside, etc., esp. When regarded as worthy of preservation.
Hermaphrodite	Person, animal, or plant having both male and female reproductive organs.
Hermaphrodite	Combining both sexes.
Hermetic	With an airtight closure.
Hermit	Person
Hermit	living in solitude and austerity.
Hermitage	hermit's dwelling.
Hermitage	secluded dwelling.
Hermit-crab	Crab that lives in a mollusc's cast-off shell.
Hernia	Protrusion of part of an organ through the wall of the body cavity containing it.
Hero	person noted or admired for nobility, courage, outstanding achievements, etc.
Hero	chief male character in a play, story, etc.
Heroic	Of, fit for, or like a hero; very brave.
Heroic	(in
Heroic	high-flown language or sentiments.
Heroic	unduly bold behaviour.
Heroin	Addictive analgesic drug derived from morphine, often used as a narcotic.
Heroine	woman noted or admired for nobility, courage, outstanding achievements, etc.
Heroine	chief female character in a play, story, etc.
Heroism	Heroic conduct or qualities.
Heron	Long-legged wading bird with a long s-shaped neck.
Hero-worship	Idealization of an admired person.
Hero-worship	Idolize.
Herpes	Virus disease causing skin blisters.
Herr	title of a german man; mr.
Herr	german man.
Herring	Atlantic fish used as food.
Herring-bone	Stitch or weave consisting of a series of small ‘v’ shapes making a zigzag pattern.
Herring-gull	Large gull with dark wing-tips.
Hers	The one or ones belonging to or associated with her
Herself	a emphat. Form of *she or *her
Herself	refl. Form of *her
Herself	in her normal state of body or mind
Hertz	si unit of frequency, equal to one cycle per second.
He's	he is.
He's	he has.
Hesitant	Hesitating; irresolute.
Hesitant	Hesitancy
Hesitant	Hesitantly
Hesitate	show or feel indecision or uncertainty; pause in doubt
Hesitate	be reluctant
Hessian	Strong
Hessian	sacking made of hemp or jute.
Hetero-	Form other, different.
Heterodox	Not orthodox.
Heterodyne	Radio relating to the production of a lower frequency from the combination of two almost equal high frequencies.
Heterogeneous	diverse in character.
Heterogeneous	varied in content.
Heteromorphic	biol. Of dissimilar forms.
Heterosexual	Feeling or involving sexual attraction to the opposite sex.
Heterosexual	Heterosexual person.
Het up	Excited, overwrought.
Heuristic	allowing or assisting to discover.
Heuristic	proceeding to a solution by trial and error.
Hew	chop or cut with an axe, sword, etc.
Hew	cut into shape.
Hex	practise witchcraft.
Hex	bewitch.
Hex	Magic spell.
Hexa-	Form six.
Hexadecimal	Esp. Computing of a system of numerical notation that has
Hexadecimal	6 (the figures
Hexadecimal	and the letters a to f) rather than
Hexadecimal	0 as a base.
Hexagon	Plane figure with six sides and angles.
Hexagram	Figure formed by two intersecting equilateral triangles.
Hexameter	Line of verse with six metrical feet.
Hey	Calling attention or expressing joy, surprise, inquiry, etc.
Heyday	Time of greatest success or prosperity.
Hey presto!	Conjuror's phrase on completing a trick.
Hezbollah	extreme shiite muslim group, active esp. In lebanon.
Hf	High frequency.
Hf	Hafnium.
Hg	Mercury.
Hg	Hectogram
Hgv	Heavy goods vehicle.
Hh	her or his highness.
Hh	his holiness.
Hh	double-hard.
Hi	Calling attention or as a greeting.
Hiatus	break or gap in a series or sequence.
Hiatus	break between two vowels coming together but not in the same syllable, as in though oft the ear.
Hibernate	spend the winter in a dormant state.
Hibernian	poet.
Hibernian	Of ireland.
Hibernian	Native of ireland.
Hibiscus	cultivated shrub with large bright-coloured flowers.
Hiccup	involuntary spasm of the diaphragm causing a characteristic sound ‘hic’.
Hiccup	temporary or minor stoppage or difficulty.
Hiccup	make a hiccup.
Hick	(often
Hick	) Esp. Us
Hick	Country bumpkin, provincial.
Hickory	American tree yielding wood and nutlike edible fruits.
Hickory	the tough heavy wood of this.
Hidden	Of *hide1.
Hidden agenda	Secret motivation behind a policy, statement, etc.; ulterior motive.
Hide1	(-ding; past hid;
Hide1	Hidden)
Hide1	put or keep out of sight.
Hide1	conceal oneself.
Hide1	keep
Hide1	secret.
Hide1	conceal.
Hide1	Camouflaged shelter used for observing wildlife.
Hide2	animal's skin, esp. When tanned or dressed.
Hide2	The human skin, esp. The backside.
Hide-and-seek	Game in which players hide and another searches for them.
Hideaway	Hiding-place or place of retreat.
Hidebound	narrow-minded.
Hidebound	constricted by tradition.
Hideous	very ugly, revolting.
Hideous	Unpleasant.
Hideous	. Hideously
Hide-out	Hiding-place.
Hiding1	thrashing.
Hiding2	act of hiding.
Hiding2	state of remaining hidden
Hiding-place	Place of concealment.
Hierarchy	system of grades of status or authority ranked one above the other.
Hieratic	of priests.
Hieratic	of the ancient egyptian hieroglyphic writing as used by priests.
Hieroglyph	Picture representing a word, syllable, or sound, as used in ancient egyptian etc.
Hieroglyphic	Of or written in hieroglyphs.
Hieroglyphic	(in
Hieroglyphic	) Hieroglyphs; hieroglyphic writing.
Hi-fi	Of high fidelity.
Hi-fi	set of high-fidelity equipment.
Higgledy-piggledy	In confusion or disorder.
High	a of great vertical extent
High	(predic.; often in
High	) Of a specified height
High	a far above ground or sea level etc.
High	inland, esp. When raised
High	extending above the normal level
High	a of exalted quality
High	lavish; superior
High	of exalted rank
High	a great; intense; extreme; powerful
High	greater than normal
High	extreme or very traditional in religious or political opinion
High	performed at, to, or from a considerable height
High	Intoxicated by alcohol or esp. Drugs.
High	Of high frequency; shrill.
High	At its peak
High	1 a
High	Beginning to go bad; off.
High	well-hung and slightly decomposed.
High	high, or the highest, level or figure.
High	area of high pressure; anticyclone.
High	euphoric state, esp. Drug-induced
High	far up; aloft
High	in or to a high degree.
High	at a high price.
High	at or to a high pitch.
High	Acting arrogantly.
High altar	Chief altar in a church.
High and dry	Stranded; aground.
High and low	Everywhere
High and mighty	Arrogant.
Highball	Us drink of spirits and soda etc., served with ice in a tall glass.
Highbrow	Intellectual; cultural.
Highbrow	Intellectual or cultured person.
High chair	Infant's chair with long legs and a tray for meals.
High church	Section of the church of england emphasizing ritual, priestly authority, and sacraments.
High-class	Of high quality.
High colour	Flushed complexion.
High command	Army commander-in-chief and associated staff.
High commission	Embassy from one commonwealth country to another.
High court	supreme court of justice for civil cases.
High day	Festal day.
Higher animal	animal or plant evolved to a high degree.
Higher education	Education at university etc.
High explosive	Extremely explosive substance used in shells, bombs, etc.
Highfalutin	Pompous, pretentious.
High fidelity	High-quality sound reproduction with little distortion.
High-flown	Extravagant, bombastic.
High-flyer	ambitious person.
High-flyer	person or thing of great potential.
High frequency	Frequency, esp. In radio, of
High frequency	0 megahertz.
High gear	Gear such that the driven end of a transmission revolves faster than the driving end.
High-handed	Disregarding others' feelings; overbearing.
High-handed	High-handedness
High heels	pl. Women's shoes with high heels.
High jinks	pl. Boisterous fun.
High jump	athletic event consisting of jumping over a high bar.
High jump	Drastic punishment
Highland	(usu. In
Highland	area of high land.
Highland	mountainous part of scotland.
Highland	Of or in a highland or the highlands.
Highland cattle	Cattle of a shaggy-haired breed with long curved horns.
High-level	Conducted by high-ranking people.
High-level	computing
High-level	not machine-dependent and usu. At a level of abstraction close to natural language.
Highlight	moment or detail of vivid interest; outstanding feature.
Highlight	Bright area.
Highlight	(usu. In
Highlight	) Light streak in the hair produced by bleaching.
Highlight	bring into prominence; draw attention to.
Highlight	mark with a highlighter.
Highlighter	Marker pen for emphasizing a printed word etc. By overlaying it with colour.
Highly	in a high degree
Highly	favourably
Highly-strung	Very sensitive or nervous.
High-minded	Having high moral principles.
High-minded	High-mindedness
Highness	state of being high
Highness	title used when addressing or referring to a prince or princess
High-octane	not detonating readily during the power stroke.
High-pitched	high.
High-pitched	steep.
High point	The maximum or best state reached.
High-powered	having great power or energy.
High-powered	important or influential.
High pressure	high degree of activity or exertion.
High pressure	atmospheric condition with the pressure above average.
High priest	chief priest, esp. Jewish.
High priest	head of a cult.
High-ranking	Of high rank, senior.
High-rise	having many storeys.
High-rise	Such a building.
High-risk	Involving or exposed to danger
High road	Main road.
High school	grammar school.
High school	scot. Secondary school.
High sea	open seas not under any country's jurisdiction.
High season	Busiest period at a resort etc.
High-speed	Operating at great speed.
High-spirited	Vivacious; cheerful; lively.
High spot	Important place or feature.
High street	Principal shopping street of a town.
High table	Dining-table for the most important guests or members.
High tea	Evening meal usu. Consisting of a cooked dish, bread and butter, tea, etc.
High-tech	employing, requiring, or involved in high technology.
High-tech	imitating styles more usual in industry etc.
High technology	Advanced technological development, esp. In electronics.
High tide	Time or level of the tide at its peak.
High time	Time that is overdue
High-up	Person of high rank.
High voltage	Electrical potential large enough to injure or damage.
High-water mark	Level reached at high water.
Highway	a public road.
Highway	main route.
Highway	direct course of action
Highway code	Official booklet of guidance for road-users.
Highwayman	Hist. Robber of travellers etc., usu. Mounted.
High wire	High tightrope.
Hijack	seize control of
Hijack	, esp. To force it to a different destination.
Hijack	seize
Hijack	in transit.
Hijack	take control of
Hijack	By force or subterfuge.
Hijack	hijacking.
Hike	long walk, esp. In the country for pleasure.
Hike	rise in prices etc.
Hike	go for a hike.
Hike	walk laboriously.
Hike	hitch up
Hike	; become hitched up.
Hike	raise
Hilarious	exceedingly funny.
Hilarious	boisterously merry.
Hilarious	Hilarity
Hill	naturally raised area of land, lower than a mountain.
Hill	(often in
Hill	) Heap, mound
Hill	sloping piece of road.
Hill	Past the prime of life.
Hill-billy	, often derog. Person from a remote rural area in a southern state.
Hillock	Small hill, mound.
Hillside	Sloping side of a hill.
Hilltop	Top of a hill.
Hillwalking	Hiking in hilly country.
Hilly	having many hills.
Hilt	Handle of a sword, dagger, etc.
Him	objective case of *he
Him	He
Himself	a emphat. Form of *he or *him
Himself	refl. Form of *him
Himself	in his normal state of body or mind
Hind1	At the back
Hind2	Female
Hind2	deer, esp. In and after the third year.
Hinder1	Impede; delay.
Hinder2	Rear, hind
Hindi	group of spoken dialects of
Hindi	India.
Hindi	literary form of hindustani, an official language of india.
Hindmost	Furthest behind.
Hindquarters	pl. Hind legs and rump of a quadruped.
Hindrance	hindering; being hindered.
Hindrance	thing that hinders.
Hindsight	Wisdom after the event.
Hindu	follower of hinduism.
Hindu	Of hindus or hinduism.
Hinduism	Main religious and social system of india, including the belief in reincarnation, several gods, and a caste system.
Hindustani	Language based on hindi, used as a lingua franca in much of india.
Hinge	movable joint on which a door, lid, etc., turns or swings.
Hinge	principle on which all depends.
Hinge	depend
Hinge	attach or be attached by a hinge.
Hinny	offspring of a female donkey and a male horse.
Hint	slight or indirect indication or suggestion.
Hint	small piece of practical information.
Hint	very small trace; suggestion
Hint	Suggest slightly or indirectly.
Hinterland	district beyond a coast or river's banks.
Hinterland	area served by a port or other centre.
Hip1	Projection of the pelvis and the upper part of the thigh-bone.
Hip2	Fruit of a rose, esp. Wild.
Hip3	Introducing a united cheer
Hip4	trendy, stylish.
Hip-bath	Portable bath in which one sits immersed to the hips.
Hip-bone	Bone forming the hip.
Hip-flask	Small flask for spirits etc.
Hip hop	subculture combining rap music, graffiti art, and break-dancing.
Hippie	(esp. In the
Hippie	960s) person rejecting convention, typically with long hair, jeans, beads, etc., and taking hallucinogenic drugs.
Hippo	Hippopotamus.
Hip-pocket	Trouser-pocket just behind the hip.
Hippocratic oath	Statement of ethics of the medical profession.
Hippodrome	music-hall or dancehall.
Hippodrome	course for chariot races etc.
Hippopotamus	large african mammal with short legs and thick skin, living by rivers, lakes, etc.
Hippy2	Having large hips.
Hipster1	hanging from the hips rather than the waist.
Hipster1	(in
Hipster1	) Such trousers.
Hipster2	hip person.
Hire	purchase the temporary use of
Hire	esp. Us employ
Hire	hiring or being hired.
Hire	payment for this.
Hire	Hirer
Hireling	Usu. Derog. Person who works
Hireling	for money.
Hire purchase	System of purchase by paying in instalments.
Hirsute	Hairy.
His	Of or belonging to him or himself
His	the one or ones belonging to or associated with him
Hispanic	of spain or spain and portugal.
Hispanic	of spain and other spanish-speaking countries.
Hispanic	Spanish-speaking person living in the us.
Hiss	make a sharp sibilant sound, as of the letter s.
Hiss	express disapproval of by hisses.
Hiss	whisper urgently or angrily.
Hiss	sharp sibilant sound as of the letter s.
Hiss	electronics interference at audio frequencies.
Histamine	Chemical compound in body tissues etc., associated with allergic reactions.
Histogram	Statistical diagram of rectangles with areas proportional to the value of a number of variables.
Histology	The study of tissue structure.
Historian	writer of history.
Historian	person learned in history.
Historic	famous or important in history or potentially so
Historic	used to narrate past events.
Historical	of or concerning history
Historical	showing its development over a period.
Historical	factual, not fictional or legendary.
Historical	belonging to the past, not the present.
Historical	Dealing with historical events.
Historicism	theory that social and cultural phenomena are determined by history.
Historicism	belief that historical events are governed by laws.
Historicity	Historical truth or authenticity.
Historiography	the writing of history.
Historiography	the study of this.
History	continuous record of
History	events.
History	a the study of past events, esp. Human affairs.
History	total accumulation of past events, esp. Relating to human affairs or a particular nation, person, thing, etc.
History	eventful past
History	past record
History	a systematic or critical account of or research into past events etc.
History	similar record or account of natural phenomena.
History	historical play.
Histrionic	theatrical, dramatic.
Histrionic	(in
Histrionic	) Insincere and dramatic behaviour designed to impress.
Hit	(-tt-; past and
Hit	Hit)
Hit	a strike with a blow or missile.
Hit	strike with force
Hit	reach
Hit	With a directed missile
Hit	cause to suffer; affect adversely.
Hit	direct a blow.
Hit	knock
Hit	achieve, reach
Hit	encounter
Hit	arrive at
Hit	indulge heavily in, esp. Liquor etc.
Hit	esp. Us
Hit	rob or kill.
Hit	occur forcefully to
Hit	a propel
Hit	With a bat etc. To score runs or points.
Hit	score in this way
Hit	a blow, stroke.
Hit	collision.
Hit	shot etc. That hits its target.
Hit	Popular success.
Hit	esp. Boxing give a foul blow.
Hit	treat or behave unfairly. Hit the hay
Hit	Go to bed. Hit it off
Hit	Get on well
Hit	. Hit the nail on the head state the truth exactly. Hit on
Hit	find by chance. Hit out deal vigorous physical or verbal blows. Hit the road
Hit	depart. Hit the roof see *roof.
Hit-and-run	Causing damage or injury and leaving the scene immediately.
Hit-and-run	Perpetrated by such a person or people.
Hitch	fasten or be fastened with a loop, hook, etc.; tether.
Hitch	move
Hitch	slightly or with a jerk.
Hitch	obtain
Hitch	by hitchhiking.
Hitch	temporary obstacle or snag.
Hitch	abrupt pull or push.
Hitch	noose or knot of various kinds.
Hitch	Free ride in a vehicle.
Hitch	Marry. Hitch up lift
Hitch	with a jerk.
Hitchhike	travel by seeking free lifts in passing vehicles.
Hither	Formal to or towards this place.
Hither and thither	To and fro.
Hitherto	Until this time, up to now.
Hit list	list of prospective victims.
Hit man	hired assassin.
Hit-or-miss	Liable to error, random.
Hit parade	List of the current best-selling pop records.
Hittite	Member or language of an ancient people of asia minor and syria.
Hittite	Of the hittites.
Hiv	Human immunodeficiency virus, either of two viruses causing aids.
Hive	Beehive.
Hives	pl. Skin-eruption, esp. Nettle-rash.
Hm	Her
Hm	majesty
Hmg	Her
Hmg	majesty's government.
Hmi	Her
Hmi	majesty's inspector
Hms	Her
Hms	majesty's ship.
Hmso	Her
Hmso	majesty's stationery office.
Hnc	Higher national certificate.
Hnd	Higher national diploma.
Ho	Holmium.
Ho	Expressing triumph, derision, etc., or calling attention.
He	his or her excellency.
He	his eminence.
He	high explosive.
He	Helium.
He	(obj. Him;
He	His;
He	They)
He	the man, boy, or male animal previously named or in question.
He	person etc. Of unspecified sex
He	male; man.
He	(in
He	) Male
Head	upper part of the human body, or foremost or upper part of an animal's body, containing the brain, mouth, and sense-organs.
Head	a seat of intellect
Head	mental aptitude or tolerance
Head	thing like a head in form or position, esp.: a the operative part of a tool.
Head	the top of a nail.
Head	the leaves or flowers at the top of a stem.
Head	foam on the top of a glass of beer etc.
Head	a person in charge, esp. The principal teacher of a school.
Head	position of command.
Head	front part of a queue etc.
Head	upper end of a table or bed etc.
Head	top or highest part of a page, stairs, etc.
Head	a individual person as a unit
Head	individual animal as a unit
Head	a side of a coin bearing the image of a head.
Head	(usu. In
Head	) This as a choice when tossing a coin.
Head	0 a source of a river etc.
Head	end of a lake at which a river enters it.
Head	1 height or length of a head as a measure.
Head	2 part of a machine in contact with or very close to what is being worked on, esp.: a the part of a tape recorder that touches the moving tape and converts signals.
Head	the part of a record-player that holds the playing cartridge and stylus.
Head	climax, crisis.
Head	4 a confined body of water or steam in an engine etc.
Head	pressure exerted by this.
Head	5 promontory
Head	6 heading or headline.
Head	7 fully developed top of a boil etc.
Head	Headache.
Head	Chief, principal.
Head	be at the head or front of.
Head	be in charge of.
Head	provide with a head or heading.
Head	face, move, or direct in a specified direction
Head	hit
Head	With the head.
Head	adopt a mistaken idea.
Head	form a definite plan. Give a person his
Head	head allow a person to act freely. Go to one's head
Head	make one slightly drunk.
Head	make one conceited. Head off
Head	get ahead of so as to intercept and turn aside.
Head	forestall. Keep
Head	one's head remain
Head	calm. Off one's head
Head	crazy. Off the top of one's head
Head	Impromptu. On one's
Head	head as one's own responsibility. Out of one's head
Head	crazy. Over one's head
Head	beyond one's understanding.
Head	without one's rightful knowledge or involvement, esp. Of action taken by a subordinate consulting one's own superior.
Head	with disregard for one's own
Head	claim
Head	. Put heads together consult together. Take it into one's head
Head	Decide, esp. Impetuously. Turn a person's head make a person conceited.
Headache	continuous pain in the head.
Headache	Worrying problem.
Headband	Band worn round the head as decoration or to confine the hair.
Headbanger	person who shakes his or her head violently to the rhythm of music; fan of loud music.
Headbanger	crazy or eccentric person.
Headboard	Upright panel at the head of a bed.
Head-butt	Thrust with the head into the chin or body of another person.
Head-butt	Attack with a head-butt.
Headcount	counting of individual people.
Headcount	total number of people, esp. Employees.
Headdress	Covering for the head.
Header	football shot or pass made with the head.
Header	Headlong fall or dive.
Header	brick etc. Laid at right angles to the face of a wall.
Header	tank of water etc. Maintaining pressure in a plumbing system.
Head first	with the head foremost.
Head first	precipitately.
Headgear	Hat or headdress.
Head-hunting	collecting of the heads of dead enemies as trophies.
Head-hunting	seeking of
Head-hunting	staff by approaching people employed elsewhere.
Head-hunting	Head-hunter
Heading	a title at the head of a page or section of a book etc.
Heading	section of a subject of discourse etc.
Heading	horizontal passage made in preparation for building a tunnel, or in a mine.
Head in the sand	Refusal to acknowledge danger or difficulty.
Headland	Promontory.
Headlight	strong light at the front of a vehicle.
Headlight	beam from this.
Headline	heading at the top of an article or page, esp. In a newspaper.
Headline	(in
Headline	) Summary of the most important items in a news bulletin.
Headlock	Wrestling hold with an arm round the opponent's head.
Headlong	with the head foremost.
Headlong	in a rush.
Headman	Chief man of a tribe etc.
Head-on	with the front foremost
Head-on	in direct confrontation.
Head over heels	Turning over completely in forward motion as in a somersault etc.
Head over heels	Utterly
Headphones	pl. Set of earphones fitting over the head, for listening to audio equipment etc.
Headquarters	(as sing. Or
Headquarters	) Administrative centre of an organization.
Headrest	Support for the head, esp. On a seat.
Headroom	Space or clearance above a vehicle, person's head, etc.
Headscarf	Scarf worn round the head and tied under the chin.
Headset	Headphones, often with a microphone attached.
Headship	Position of head or chief, esp. In a school.
Headshrinker	psychiatrist.
Headstall	Part of a halter or bridle fitting round a horse's head.
Head start	Advantage granted or gained at an early stage.
Headstone	Stone set up at the head of a grave.
Headstrong	Self-willed.
Head teacher	Teacher in charge of a school.
Headwaters	pl. Streams flowing from the sources of a river.
Headway	progress.
Headway	ship's rate of progress.
Headway	headroom.
Head wind	Wind blowing from directly in front.
Headword	Word forming a heading.
Heady	potent.
Heady	intoxicating, exciting.
Heady	impulsive, rash.
Heady	headachy.
Heady	Headiness
Heal	become sound or healthy again.
Heal	cause to heal.
Heal	put right
Heal	alleviate
Health	state of being well in body or mind.
Health	person's mental or physical condition.
Health	soundness, esp. Financial or moral.
Health centre	Building containing various local medical services and doctors' practices.
Health farm	Establishment offering improved health by a regime of dieting, exercise, etc.
Health food	Natural food, thought to promote good health.
Healthful	Conducive to good health; beneficial.
Health service	Public service providing medical care.
Health visitor	Trained nurse who visits mothers and babies, or the sick or elderly, at home.
Healthy	having, showing, or promoting good health.
Healthy	indicative of
Healthy	health
Healthy	substantial (won by a healthy
Healthy	0 seconds).
Healthy	Healthiness
Heap	disorderly pile.
Heap	(esp. In
Heap	Large number or amount.
Heap	dilapidated vehicle.
Heap	Collect or be collected in a heap.
Heap	load copiously with.
Heap	give or offer copiously
Hear	(past and
Hear	Heard)
Hear	Perceive with the ear.
Hear	listen to
Hear	listen judicially to
Hear	be told or informed.
Hear	(foll.
Hearing	faculty of perceiving sounds.
Hearing	range within which sounds may be heard
Hearing	opportunity to state one's case
Hearing	trial of a case before a court.
Hearing-aid	Small device to amplify sound, worn by a partially deaf person.
Hearken	listen.
Hearsay	Rumour, gossip.
Hearse	Vehicle for conveying the coffin at a funeral.
Heart	hollow muscular organ maintaining the circulation of blood by rhythmic contraction and dilation.
Heart	region of the heart; the breast.
Heart	a centre of thought, feeling, and emotion
Heart	capacity for feeling emotion
Heart	a courage or enthusiasm
Heart	mood or feeling
Heart	a central or innermost part of something.
Heart	essence
Heart	compact tender inner part of a lettuce etc.
Heart	a heart-shaped thing.
Heart	conventional representation of a heart with two equal curves meeting at a point at the bottom and a cusp at the top.
Heart	a playing-card of the suit denoted by a red figure of a heart.
Heart	) This suit.
Heart	in one's inmost feelings.
Heart	basically. Break a person's heart overwhelm a person with sorrow. By heart from memory. Give
Heart	one's heart
Heart	fall in love
Heart	. Have the heart
Heart	Be insensitive or hard-hearted enough
Heart	. Take to heart be much affected by. To one's heart's content see *content1. With all one's heart sincerely; with all goodwill.
Heartache	Mental anguish.
Heart attack	Sudden occurrence of coronary thrombosis.
Heartbeat	Pulsation of the heart.
Heartbreak	Overwhelming distress.
Heartbreak	Heartbroken
Heartburn	Burning sensation in the chest from indigestion.
Hearten	Make or become more cheerful.
Heart failure	Failure of the heart to function properly, esp. As a cause of death.
Heartfelt	Sincere; deeply felt.
Hearth	floor of a fireplace.
Hearth	the home.
Hearthrug	Rug laid before a fireplace.
Heartily	in a hearty manner.
Heartily	very
Heartland	Central part of an area.
Heartless	Unfeeling, pitiless.
Heart-lung machine	Machine that temporarily takes over the functions of the heart and lungs.
Heart-rending	Very distressing.
Heart-searching	Examination of one's own feelings and motives.
Heartsick	Despondent.
Heartstrings	pl. One's deepest feelings.
Heartthrob	Person for whom one has
Heartthrob	romantic feelings.
Heart-to-heart	Candid, intimate.
Heart-to-heart	Candid or personal conversation.
Heart-warming	Emotionally rewarding or uplifting.
Heartwood	Dense inner part of a tree-trunk, yielding the hardest timber.
Hearty	strong, vigorous.
Hearty	large.
Hearty	warm, friendly.
Heat	condition of being hot.
Heat	physics form of energy arising from the motion of bodies' molecules.
Heat	hot weather.
Heat	warmth of feeling; anger or excitement.
Heat	most intense part or period of activity
Heat	round in a race etc.
Heat	make or become hot or warm.
Heat	inflame.
Heated	Angry; impassioned.
Heater	Stove or other heating device.
Heath	area of flattish uncultivated land with low shrubs.
Heath	plant growing on a heath, esp. Heather.
Heathen	person not belonging to a predominant religion, esp. Not a christian, jew, or muslim.
Heathen	person regarded as lacking culture or moral principles.
Heathen	of heathens.
Heathen	having no religion.
Heather	Any of various shrubs growing esp. On moors and heaths.
Heath robinson	Absurdly ingenious and impracticable.
Heating	imparting or generation of heat.
Heating	equipment used to heat a building etc.
Heatproof	Able to resist great heat.
Heatproof	Make heatproof.
Heat shield	Device to protect (esp.
Heat shield	spacecraft) from excessive heat.
Heatwave	Period of unusually hot weather.
Heave	(-ving; past and
Heave	Heaved or esp.
Heave	Hove)
Heave	lift or haul with great effort.
Heave	utter with effort
Heave	Throw.
Heave	rise and fall rhythmically or spasmodically.
Heave	Haul by rope.
Heave	retch.
Heave	Heaving.
Heave	Bring or be brought to a standstill.
Heaven	place regarded in some religions as the abode of god and the angels, and of the blessed after death.
Heaven	place or state of supreme bliss.
Heaven	Delightful thing.
Heaven	god, providence
Heaven	esp. Poet. The sky as seen from the earth, in which the sun, moon, and stars appear.
Heavenly	of heaven; divine.
Heavenly	of the heavens or sky.
Heavenly	Very pleasing; wonderful.
Heavenly bodies	pl. The sun, stars, planets, etc.
Heaven-sent	Providential.
Heavier-than-air	weighing more than the air it displaces.
Heavy	of great or unusually high weight; difficult to lift.
Heavy	of great density
Heavy	abundant, considerable
Heavy	severe, intense, extensive
Heavy	doing a thing to excess
Heavy	striking or falling with force; causing strong impact
Heavy	Very large of its kind; large in calibre etc.
Heavy	needing much physical effort
Heavy	carrying heavy weapons
Heavy	0 serious or sombre in tone or attitude; dull, tedious.
Heavy	1 a hard to digest.
Heavy	hard to read or understand.
Heavy	Too dense from not having risen.
Heavy	difficult to traverse or work.
Heavy	4 oppressive; hard to endure
Heavy	, ungraceful
Heavy	unwieldy.
Heavy	Large violent person; thug
Heavy	villainous or tragic role or actor.
Heavy	(usu. In
Heavy	Serious newspaper.
Heavy	anything large or heavy of its kind, e.g.
Heavy	vehicle.
Heavy	Heavily (esp. In
Heavy	: heavy-laden).
Heavy	Heaviness
Heavy	Heavyish
Heavy-duty	Intended to withstand hard use.
Heavy going	Slow or difficult progress.
Heavy-handed	clumsy.
Heavy-handed	overbearing, oppressive.
Heavy-handed	Heavy-handedness
Heavy-hearted	Sad, doleful.
Heavy industry	Industry producing metal, machinery, etc.
Heavy metal	heavy guns.
Heavy metal	metal of high density.
Heavy metal	Loud kind of rock music with a pounding rhythm.
Heavy petting	Erotic fondling that stops short of intercourse.
Heavy water	Water composed of deuterium and oxygen.
Heavyweight	a weight in certain sports, in amateur boxing over
Heavyweight	1 kg.
Heavyweight	sportsman of this weight.
Heavyweight	person etc. Of above average weight.
Heavyweight	Person of influence or importance.
Hebdomadal	Formal weekly, esp. Meeting weekly.
Hebe	Evergreen flowering shrub from new zealand.
Hebraic	Of hebrew or the hebrews.
Hebrew	member of a semitic people orig. Centred in ancient palestine.
Hebrew	a their language.
Hebrew	modern form of this, used esp. In israel.
Hebrew	of or in hebrew.
Hebrew	of the hebrews or the jews.
Heck	Mild exclamation of surprise or dismay.
Heckle	interrupt and harass
Heckle	Act of heckling.
Hectare	Metric unit of square measure,
Hectare	00 ares (2.471 acres or
Hectare	0,000 square metres).
Hectic	busy and confused; excited.
Hectic	feverish.
Hecto-	Form hundred.
Hectogram	metric unit of mass equal to
Hectogram	00 grams.
Hector	Bully, intimidate.
Hector	Bully.
He'd	he had.
He'd	he would.
Hedge	fence or boundary of dense bushes or shrubs.
Hedge	protection against possible loss.
Hedge	surround or bound with a hedge.
Hedge	enclose.
Hedge	a reduce one's risk of loss on
Hedge	by compensating transactions on the other side.
Hedge	avoid committing oneself.
Hedgehog	Small insect-eating mammal with a piglike snout and a coat of spines, rolling itself up into a ball when attacked.
Hedge-hop	Fly at a very low altitude.
Hedgerow	Row of bushes etc. Forming a hedge.
Hedge sparrow	Common grey and brown bird; the dunnock.
Hedonism	belief in pleasure as mankind's proper aim.
Hedonism	behaviour based on this.
Hedonism	Hedonistic
Heebie-jeebies	pl.
Heebie-jeebies	nervous anxiety, tension.
Heed	Attend to; take notice of.
Heed	Careful attention.
Heed	Heedless
Heed	Heedlessly
Hee-haw	Bray of a donkey.
Hee-haw	Make a braying sound.
Heel1	back of the foot below the ankle.
Heel1	a part of a sock etc. Covering this.
Heel1	part of a shoe etc. Supporting this.
Heel1	thing like a heel in form or position.
Heel1	crust end of a loaf of bread.
Heel1	Scoundrel.
Heel1	(as
Heel1	) Command to a dog to walk close to its owner's heel.
Heel1	fit or renew a heel on
Heel1	touch the ground with the heel as in dancing.
Heel1	rugby pass the ball with the heel.
Heel1	close behind.
Heel1	Under control. At
Heel1	the heels of following closely after
Heel1	. Cool
Heel1	one's heels be kept waiting. Down at heel
Heel1	with the heel worn down.
Heel1	shabby. Take to one's heels run away. To heel
Heel1	close behind.
Heel1	Under control. Turn on one's heel turn sharply round.
Heel2	Lean over.
Heel2	cause
Heel2	To do this.
Heel2	Act or amount of heeling.
Heelball	mixture of hard wax and lampblack used by shoemakers for polishing.
Heelball	this or a similar mixture used in brass-rubbing.
Hefty	big and strong.
Hefty	large, heavy, powerful.
Hefty	Heftiness
Hegemony	Leadership, esp. By one state of a confederacy.
Hegira	muhammad's flight from mecca in ad
Hegira	muslim era reckoned from this date.
Heifer	Young cow, esp. One that has not had more than one calf.
Height	measurement from base to top or head to foot.
Height	elevation above the ground or a recognized level.
Height	considerable elevation
Height	high place or area.
Height	top.
Height	a most intense part or period
Height	extreme example
Heighten	Make or become higher or more intense.
Heinous	Utterly odious or wicked.
Heir	person entitled to property or rank as the legal successor of its former holder.
Heir apparent	Heir whose claim cannot be set aside by the birth of another heir.
Heirloom	piece of personal property that has been in a family for several generations.
Heirloom	piece of property as part of an inheritance.
Heir presumptive	Heir whose claim may be set aside by the birth of another heir.
Hele	set
Hele	in the ground temporarily and cover its roots.
Helical	Having the form of a helix.
Helices	Of *helix.
Helicopter	Wingless aircraft obtaining lift and propulsion from horizontally revolving overhead blades.
Helio-	Form sun.
Heliocentric	regarding the sun as centre.
Heliocentric	considered as viewed from the sun's centre.
Heliograph	signalling apparatus reflecting sunlight in flashes.
Heliograph	message sent by means of this.
Heliograph	Send
Heliograph	by heliograph.
Heliotrope	Plant with fragrant purple flowers.
Heliport	Place where helicopters take off and land.
Helium	Light inert gaseous element used in airships and as a refrigerant.
Helix	spiral curve
Helix	or coiled curve
Hell	place regarded in some religions as the abode of the dead, or of devils and condemned sinners.
Hell	place or state of misery or wickedness.
Hell	Expressing anger, surprise, etc.
Hell	Expressing anger, disbelief, etc.
Hell	. Beat etc. The hell out of
Hell	Beat etc. Without restraint. Come hell or high water no matter what the difficulties. For the hell of it
Hell	Just for fun. Get hell
Hell	Be severely scolded or punished. Give a person hell
Hell	Scold or punish a person.
Hell	hell of a
Hell	Outstanding example of
Hell	. Like hell
Hell	not at all.
Hell	recklessly, exceedingly.
He'll	He will; he shall.
Hell-bent	recklessly determined.
Hellebore	Evergreen plant with usu. White, purple, or green flowers, e.g. The christmas rose.
Hellene	native of modern greece.
Hellene	ancient greek.
Hellenism	greek character or culture.
Hellenistic	Of greek history, language, and culture of the late
Hellenistic	th to the late
Hellenistic	st c. Bc.
Hell-fire	Fire
Hell-fire	regarded as existing in hell.
Hell for leather	At full speed.
Hell-hole	Oppressive or unbearable place.
Hellish	of or like hell.
Hellish	Extremely difficult or unpleasant.
Hellish	Extremely
Hello	Expression of informal greeting, or of surprise, or to call attention.
Hello	cry of ‘hello’.
Hell's angel	Member of a gang of male motor-cycle enthusiasts notorious for outrageous and violent behaviour.
Helm	Tiller or wheel for controlling a ship's rudder.
Helmet	Protective head-covering worn by a policeman, motor cyclist, etc.
Helmsman	Person who steers a ship.
Helot	Serf, esp.
Helot	of a class in ancient sparta.
Help	provide with the means towards what is needed or sought
Help	pay my debts; helped him on with his coat).
Help	Be of use or service to
Help	contribute to alleviating
Help	prevent or remedy
Help	refrain from
Help	refl. Refrain from acting
Help	serve
Help	helping or being helped
Help	person or thing that helps.
Help	Domestic assistant or assistance.
Help	remedy or escape
Help	serve oneself
Help	take without permission. Help a person out give a person help, esp. In difficulty.
Helpful	Giving help; useful.
Helpful	Helpfulness
Helping	Portion of food at a meal.
Helpless	lacking help or protection; defenceless.
Helpless	unable to act without help.
Helpless	Helplessness
Helpline	Telephone service providing help with problems.
Helpmate	Helpful companion or partner.
Helter-skelter	In disorderly haste.
Helter-skelter	external spiral slide round a tower.
Hem1	Border of cloth where the edge is turned under and sewn down.
Hem1	turn down and sew in the edge of
Hem2	Calling attention or expressing hesitation by a slight cough.
Hem2	Utterance of this.
Hem2	say hem; hesitate in speech.
Hemal	of the blood.
He-man	Masterful or virile man.
Hematite	a ferric oxide ore.
Hematology	the study of the blood.
Hemi-	Form half.
Hemipterous	Of the insect order including aphids, bugs, and cicadas, with piercing or sucking mouthparts.
Hemisphere	half a sphere.
Hemisphere	half of the earth, esp. As divided by the equator
Hemisphere	or by a line passing through the poles
Hemline	Lower edge of a skirt etc.
Hemlock	poisonous plant with fernlike leaves and small white flowers.
Hemlock	poison made from this.
Hemoglobin	oxygen-carrying substance in the red blood cells of vertebrates.
Hemophilia	hereditary failure of the blood to clot normally with the tendency to bleed severely from even a slight injury.
Hemophiliac	person with haemophilia.
Hemorrhage	profuse loss of blood from a ruptured blood-vessel.
Hemorrhage	damaging loss, esp. Of people or assets.
Hemorrhage	suffer a haemorrhage.
Hemorrhoids	pl.
Hemorrhoids	swollen veins in the wall of the anus; piles.
Hemp	asian herbaceous plant.
Hemp	its fibre used to make rope and stout fabrics.
Hemp	narcotic drug made from the hemp plant.
Hempen	Made of hemp.
Hemstitch	Decorative stitch.
Hemstitch	Hem with this stitch.
Hen	Female bird, esp. Of a domestic fowl.
Henbane	Poisonous hairy plant with an unpleasant smell.
Hence	from this time
Hence	for this reason
Hence	from here.
Henceforth	from this time onwards.
Henchman	Usu. Derog. Trusted supporter.
Henge	Prehistoric monument consisting of a circle of stone or wood uprights.
Henna	tropical shrub.
Henna	reddish dye made from it and used to colour hair.
Henna	dye with henna.
Hen-party	Social gathering of women only.
Henpeck	constantly nag her husband.
Henry	electr. Si unit of inductance.
Hepatic	Of the liver.
Hepatitis	Inflammation of the liver.
Hepta-	Form seven.
Heptagon	Plane figure with seven sides and angles.
Her	objective case of *she
Her	She
Her	Of or belonging to her or herself
Herald	official messenger bringing news.
Herald	forerunner, harbinger.
Herald	a hist. Officer responsible for state ceremonial and etiquette.
Herald	official concerned with pedigrees and coats of arms.
Herald	Proclaim the approach of; usher in.
Heraldry	art or knowledge of a herald.
Heraldry	coats of arms.
Herb	any non-woody seed-bearing plant.
Herb	plant with leaves, seeds, or flowers used for flavouring, food, medicine, scent, etc.
Herbaceous	Of or like herbs.
Herbaceous border	Garden border containing esp. Perennial flowering plants.
Herbage	Vegetation collectively, esp. As pasture.
Herbal	Of herbs in medicinal and culinary use.
Herbal	Book describing the medicinal and culinary uses of herbs.
Herbalist	dealer in medicinal herbs.
Herbalist	writer on herbs.
Herbarium	systematically arranged collection of dried plants.
Herbarium	book, room, etc. For these.
Herbicide	Poison used to destroy unwanted vegetation.
Herbivore	Animal that feeds on plants.
Herculean	Having or requiring great strength or effort.
Herd	a number of animals, esp. Cattle, feeding or travelling or kept together.
Herd	derog. Large number of people; mob
Herd	go in a herd
Herd	look after
Herd instinct	tendency to think and act as a crowd.
Herdsman	Man who owns or tends a herd.
Here	in or at or to this place or position
Here	indicating a person's presence or a thing offered
Here	at this point in the argument, situation, etc.
Hereabouts	near this place.
Hereafter	From now on; in the future.
Hereafter	the future.
Hereafter	life after death.
Here and now	At this very moment; immediately.
Here and there	In various places.
Hereby	By this means; as a result of this.
Hereditable	That can be inherited.
Hereditary	Able to be passed down genetically from one generation to another.
Hereditary	a descending by inheritance.
Hereditary	holding a position by inheritance.
Heredity	a passing on of physical or mental characteristics genetically.
Heredity	these characteristics.
Heredity	genetic constitution.
Hereford	Animal of a breed of red and white beef cattle.
Herein	Formal in this matter, book, etc.
Hereinafter	Esp. Law formal
Hereinafter	from this point on.
Hereinafter	in a later part of this document etc.
Hereof	Formal of this.
Heresy	esp. Rc ch. Religious belief or practice contrary to orthodox doctrine.
Heresy	opinion contrary to what is normally accepted or maintained.
Heretic	person believing in or practising religious heresy.
Heretic	holder of an unorthodox opinion.
Hereto	Formal to this matter.
Heretofore	Formal before this time.
Hereupon	After this; in consequence of this.
Herewith	With this
Heritable	law capable of being inherited or of inheriting.
Heritable	biol. Genetically transmissible from parent to offspring.
Heritage	what is or may be inherited.
Heritage	inherited circumstances, benefits, etc.
Heritage	a nation's historic buildings, monuments, countryside, etc., esp. When regarded as worthy of preservation.
Hermaphrodite	Person, animal, or plant having both male and female reproductive organs.
Hermaphrodite	Combining both sexes.
Hermetic	With an airtight closure.
Hermit	Person
Hermit	living in solitude and austerity.
Hermitage	hermit's dwelling.
Hermitage	secluded dwelling.
Hermit-crab	Crab that lives in a mollusc's cast-off shell.
Hernia	Protrusion of part of an organ through the wall of the body cavity containing it.
Hero	person noted or admired for nobility, courage, outstanding achievements, etc.
Hero	chief male character in a play, story, etc.
Heroic	Of, fit for, or like a hero; very brave.
Heroic	(in
Heroic	high-flown language or sentiments.
Heroic	unduly bold behaviour.
Heroin	Addictive analgesic drug derived from morphine, often used as a narcotic.
Hay	Grass mown and dried for fodder.
Haycock	Conical heap of hay.
Hay fever	Allergy with asthmatic symptoms etc., caused by pollen or dust.
Haymaking	Mowing grass and spreading it to dry.
Haystack	packed pile of hay with a pointed or ridged top.
Haywire	Badly disorganized, out of control.
Hazard	danger or risk.
Hazard	source of this.
Hazard	golf obstacle, e.g.
Hazard	bunker.
Hazard	venture
Hazard	risk.
Hazardous	Risky.
Haze	thin atmospheric vapour.
Haze	mental obscurity or confusion.
Hazel	hedgerow shrub bearing round brown edible nuts.
Hazel	greenish-brown.
Hazelnut	Nut of the hazel.
Hazy	misty.
Hazy	vague, indistinct.
Hazy	confused, uncertain.
Hazy	Haziness
Hb	hard black.
Hcf	Highest common factor.
He	his or her excellency.
He	his eminence.
He	high explosive.
He	Helium.
He	(obj. Him;
He	His;
He	They)
He	the man, boy, or male animal previously named or in question.
He	person etc. Of unspecified sex
He	male; man.
He	(in
He	) Male
Head	upper part of the human body, or foremost or upper part of an animal's body, containing the brain, mouth, and sense-organs.
Head	a seat of intellect
Head	mental aptitude or tolerance
Head	thing like a head in form or position, esp.: a the operative part of a tool.
Head	the top of a nail.
Head	the leaves or flowers at the top of a stem.
Head	foam on the top of a glass of beer etc.
Head	a person in charge, esp. The principal teacher of a school.
Head	position of command.
Head	front part of a queue etc.
Head	upper end of a table or bed etc.
Head	top or highest part of a page, stairs, etc.
Head	a individual person as a unit
Head	individual animal as a unit
Head	a side of a coin bearing the image of a head.
Head	(usu. In
Head	) This as a choice when tossing a coin.
Head	0 a source of a river etc.
Head	end of a lake at which a river enters it.
Head	1 height or length of a head as a measure.
Head	2 part of a machine in contact with or very close to what is being worked on, esp.: a the part of a tape recorder that touches the moving tape and converts signals.
Head	the part of a record-player that holds the playing cartridge and stylus.
Head	climax, crisis.
Head	4 a confined body of water or steam in an engine etc.
Head	pressure exerted by this.
Head	5 promontory
Head	6 heading or headline.
Head	7 fully developed top of a boil etc.
Head	Headache.
Head	Chief, principal.
Head	be at the head or front of.
Head	be in charge of.
Head	provide with a head or heading.
Head	face, move, or direct in a specified direction
Head	hit
Head	With the head.
Head	adopt a mistaken idea.
Head	form a definite plan. Give a person his
Head	head allow a person to act freely. Go to one's head
Head	make one slightly drunk.
Head	make one conceited. Head off
Head	get ahead of so as to intercept and turn aside.
Head	forestall. Keep
Head	one's head remain
Head	calm. Off one's head
Head	crazy. Off the top of one's head
Head	Impromptu. On one's
Head	head as one's own responsibility. Out of one's head
Head	crazy. Over one's head
Head	beyond one's understanding.
Headache	continuous pain in the head.
Headache	Worrying problem.
Headband	Band worn round the head as decoration or to confine the hair.
Headbanger	person who shakes his or her head violently to the rhythm of music; fan of loud music.
Headbanger	crazy or eccentric person.
Headboard	Upright panel at the head of a bed.
Head-butt	Thrust with the head into the chin or body of another person.
Head-butt	Attack with a head-butt.
Headcount	counting of individual people.
Headcount	total number of people, esp. Employees.
Headdress	Covering for the head.
Header	football shot or pass made with the head.
Header	Headlong fall or dive.
Header	brick etc. Laid at right angles to the face of a wall.
Header	tank of water etc. Maintaining pressure in a plumbing system.
Head first	with the head foremost.
Head first	precipitately.
Headgear	Hat or headdress.
Head-hunting	collecting of the heads of dead enemies as trophies.
Head-hunting	seeking of
Head-hunting	staff by approaching people employed elsewhere.
Head-hunting	Head-hunter
Heading	a title at the head of a page or section of a book etc.
Heading	section of a subject of discourse etc.
Heading	horizontal passage made in preparation for building a tunnel, or in a mine.
Head in the sand	Refusal to acknowledge danger or difficulty.
Headland	Promontory.
Headlight	strong light at the front of a vehicle.
Headlight	beam from this.
Headline	heading at the top of an article or page, esp. In a newspaper.
Headline	(in
Headline	) Summary of the most important items in a news bulletin.
Headlock	Wrestling hold with an arm round the opponent's head.
Headlong	with the head foremost.
Headlong	in a rush.
Headman	Chief man of a tribe etc.
Head-on	with the front foremost
Head-on	in direct confrontation.
Head over heels	Turning over completely in forward motion as in a somersault etc.
Head over heels	Utterly
Headphones	pl. Set of earphones fitting over the head, for listening to audio equipment etc.
Headquarters	(as sing. Or
Headquarters	) Administrative centre of an organization.
Headrest	Support for the head, esp. On a seat.
Headroom	Space or clearance above a vehicle, person's head, etc.
Headscarf	Scarf worn round the head and tied under the chin.
Headset	Headphones, often with a microphone attached.
Headship	Position of head or chief, esp. In a school.
Headshrinker	psychiatrist.
Headstall	Part of a halter or bridle fitting round a horse's head.
Head start	Advantage granted or gained at an early stage.
Headstone	Stone set up at the head of a grave.
Headstrong	Self-willed.
Head teacher	Teacher in charge of a school.
Headwaters	pl. Streams flowing from the sources of a river.
Headway	progress.
Headway	ship's rate of progress.
Headway	headroom.
Head wind	Wind blowing from directly in front.
Headword	Word forming a heading.
Heady	potent.
Heady	intoxicating, exciting.
Heady	impulsive, rash.
Heady	headachy.
Heady	Headiness
Heal	become sound or healthy again.
Heal	cause to heal.
Heal	put right
Heal	alleviate
Health	state of being well in body or mind.
Health	person's mental or physical condition.
Health	soundness, esp. Financial or moral.
Health centre	Building containing various local medical services and doctors' practices.
Health farm	Establishment offering improved health by a regime of dieting, exercise, etc.
Health food	Natural food, thought to promote good health.
Healthful	Conducive to good health; beneficial.
Health service	Public service providing medical care.
Health visitor	Trained nurse who visits mothers and babies, or the sick or elderly, at home.
Healthy	having, showing, or promoting good health.
Healthy	indicative of
Healthy	health
Healthy	substantial (won by a healthy
Healthy	0 seconds).
Healthy	Healthiness
Heap	disorderly pile.
Heap	(esp. In
Heap	Large number or amount.
Heap	dilapidated vehicle.
Heap	Collect or be collected in a heap.
Heap	load copiously with.
Heap	give or offer copiously
Hear	(past and
Hear	Heard)
Hear	Perceive with the ear.
Hear	listen to
Hear	listen judicially to
Hear	be told or informed.
Hear	be contacted by, esp. By letter or telephone.
Hear	be ready to obey
Hear	grant
Hear	Expressing agreement. Hear a person out listen to all a person says. Will not hear of will not allow.
Hearing	faculty of perceiving sounds.
Hearing	range within which sounds may be heard
Hearing	opportunity to state one's case
Hearing	trial of a case before a court.
Hearing-aid	Small device to amplify sound, worn by a partially deaf person.
Hearken	listen.
Hearsay	Rumour, gossip.
Hearse	Vehicle for conveying the coffin at a funeral.
Heart	hollow muscular organ maintaining the circulation of blood by rhythmic contraction and dilation.
Heart	region of the heart; the breast.
Heart	a centre of thought, feeling, and emotion
Heart	capacity for feeling emotion
Heart	a courage or enthusiasm
Heart	mood or feeling
Heart	a central or innermost part of something.
Heart	essence
Heart	compact tender inner part of a lettuce etc.
Heart	a heart-shaped thing.
Heart	conventional representation of a heart with two equal curves meeting at a point at the bottom and a cusp at the top.
Heart	a playing-card of the suit denoted by a red figure of a heart.
Heart	) This suit.
Heart	in one's inmost feelings.
Heart	basically. Break a person's heart overwhelm a person with sorrow. By heart from memory. Give
Heart	one's heart
Heart	fall in love
Heart	. Have the heart
Heart	Be insensitive or hard-hearted enough
Heart	. Take to heart be much affected by. To one's heart's content see *content1. With all one's heart sincerely; with all goodwill.
Heartache	Mental anguish.
Heart attack	Sudden occurrence of coronary thrombosis.
Heartbeat	Pulsation of the heart.
Heartbreak	Overwhelming distress.
Heartbreak	Heartbroken
Heartburn	Burning sensation in the chest from indigestion.
Hearten	Make or become more cheerful.
Heart failure	Failure of the heart to function properly, esp. As a cause of death.
Heartfelt	Sincere; deeply felt.
Hearth	floor of a fireplace.
Hearth	the home.
Hearthrug	Rug laid before a fireplace.
Heartily	in a hearty manner.
Heartily	very
Heartland	Central part of an area.
Heartless	Unfeeling, pitiless.
Heart-lung machine	Machine that temporarily takes over the functions of the heart and lungs.
Heart-rending	Very distressing.
Heart-searching	Examination of one's own feelings and motives.
Heartsick	Despondent.
Heartstrings	pl. One's deepest feelings.
Heartthrob	Person for whom one has
Heartthrob	romantic feelings.
Heart-to-heart	Candid, intimate.
Heart-to-heart	Candid or personal conversation.
Heart-warming	Emotionally rewarding or uplifting.
Heartwood	Dense inner part of a tree-trunk, yielding the hardest timber.
Hearty	strong, vigorous.
Hearty	large.
Hearty	warm, friendly.
Heat	condition of being hot.
Heat	physics form of energy arising from the motion of bodies' molecules.
Heat	hot weather.
Heat	warmth of feeling; anger or excitement.
Heat	most intense part or period of activity
Heat	round in a race etc.
Heat	make or become hot or warm.
Heat	inflame.
Heated	Angry; impassioned.
Heater	Stove or other heating device.
Heath	area of flattish uncultivated land with low shrubs.
Heath	plant growing on a heath, esp. Heather.
Heathen	person not belonging to a predominant religion, esp. Not a christian, jew, or muslim.
Heathen	person regarded as lacking culture or moral principles.
Heathen	of heathens.
Heathen	having no religion.
Heather	Any of various shrubs growing esp. On moors and heaths.
Heath robinson	Absurdly ingenious and impracticable.
Heating	imparting or generation of heat.
Heating	equipment used to heat a building etc.
Heatproof	Able to resist great heat.
Heatproof	Make heatproof.
Heat shield	Device to protect (esp.
Heat shield	spacecraft) from excessive heat.
Heatwave	Period of unusually hot weather.
Heave	(-ving; past and
Heave	Heaved or esp.
Heave	Hove)
Heave	lift or haul with great effort.
Heave	utter with effort
Heave	Throw.
Heave	rise and fall rhythmically or spasmodically.
Heave	Haul by rope.
Heave	retch.
Heave	Heaving.
Heave	Bring or be brought to a standstill.
Heaven	place regarded in some religions as the abode of god and the angels, and of the blessed after death.
Heaven	place or state of supreme bliss.
Heaven	Delightful thing.
Heaven	god, providence
Heaven	esp. Poet. The sky as seen from the earth, in which the sun, moon, and stars appear.
Heavenly	of heaven; divine.
Heavenly	of the heavens or sky.
Heavenly	Very pleasing; wonderful.
Heavenly bodies	pl. The sun, stars, planets, etc.
Heaven-sent	Providential.
Heavier-than-air	weighing more than the air it displaces.
Heavy	of great or unusually high weight; difficult to lift.
Heavy	of great density
Heavy	abundant, considerable
Heavy	severe, intense, extensive
Heavy	doing a thing to excess
Heavy	striking or falling with force; causing strong impact
Heavy	Very large of its kind; large in calibre etc.
Heavy	needing much physical effort
Heavy	carrying heavy weapons
Heavy	0 serious or sombre in tone or attitude; dull, tedious.
Heavy	1 a hard to digest.
Heavy	hard to read or understand.
Heavy	Too dense from not having risen.
Heavy	difficult to traverse or work.
Heavy	4 oppressive; hard to endure
Heavy	, ungraceful
Heavy	unwieldy.
Heavy	Large violent person; thug
Heavy	villainous or tragic role or actor.
Heavy	(usu. In
Heavy	Serious newspaper.
Heavy	anything large or heavy of its kind, e.g.
Heavy	vehicle.
Heavy	Heavily (esp. In
Heavy	: heavy-laden).
Heavy-duty	Intended to withstand hard use.
Heavy going	Slow or difficult progress.
Heavy-handed	clumsy.
Heavy-handed	overbearing, oppressive.
Heavy-handed	Heavy-handedness
Heavy-hearted	Sad, doleful.
Heavy industry	Industry producing metal, machinery, etc.
Heavy metal	heavy guns.
Heavy metal	metal of high density.
Heavy metal	Loud kind of rock music with a pounding rhythm.
Heavy petting	Erotic fondling that stops short of intercourse.
Heavy water	Water composed of deuterium and oxygen.
Heavyweight	a weight in certain sports, in amateur boxing over
Heavyweight	1 kg.
Heavyweight	sportsman of this weight.
Heavyweight	person etc. Of above average weight.
Heavyweight	Person of influence or importance.
Hebdomadal	Formal weekly, esp. Meeting weekly.
Hebe	Evergreen flowering shrub from new zealand.
Hebraic	Of hebrew or the hebrews.
Hebrew	member of a semitic people orig. Centred in ancient palestine.
Hebrew	a their language.
Hebrew	modern form of this, used esp. In israel.
Hebrew	of or in hebrew.
Hebrew	of the hebrews or the jews.
Heck	Mild exclamation of surprise or dismay.
Heckle	interrupt and harass
Heckle	Act of heckling.
Hectare	Metric unit of square measure,
Hectare	00 ares (2.471 acres or
Hectare	0,000 square metres).
Hectic	busy and confused; excited.
Hectic	feverish.
Hecto-	Form hundred.
Hectogram	metric unit of mass equal to
Hectogram	00 grams.
Hector	Bully, intimidate.
Hector	Bully.
He'd	he had.
He'd	he would.
Hedge	fence or boundary of dense bushes or shrubs.
Hedge	protection against possible loss.
Hedge	surround or bound with a hedge.
Hedge	enclose.
Hedge	a reduce one's risk of loss on
Hedge	by compensating transactions on the other side.
Hedge	avoid committing oneself.
Hedgehog	Small insect-eating mammal with a piglike snout and a coat of spines, rolling itself up into a ball when attacked.
Hedge-hop	Fly at a very low altitude.
Hedgerow	Row of bushes etc. Forming a hedge.
Hedge sparrow	Common grey and brown bird; the dunnock.
Hedonism	belief in pleasure as mankind's proper aim.
Hedonism	behaviour based on this.
Hedonism	Hedonistic
Heebie-jeebies	pl.
Heebie-jeebies	nervous anxiety, tension.
Heed	Attend to; take notice of.
Heed	Careful attention.
Heed	Heedless
Heed	Heedlessly
Hee-haw	Bray of a donkey.
Hee-haw	Make a braying sound.
Heel1	back of the foot below the ankle.
Heel1	a part of a sock etc. Covering this.
Heel1	part of a shoe etc. Supporting this.
Heel1	thing like a heel in form or position.
Heel1	crust end of a loaf of bread.
Heel1	Scoundrel.
Heel1	(as
Heel1	) Command to a dog to walk close to its owner's heel.
Heel1	fit or renew a heel on
Heel1	touch the ground with the heel as in dancing.
Heel1	rugby pass the ball with the heel.
Heel1	close behind.
Heel1	Under control. At
Heel1	the heels of following closely after
Heel1	. Cool
Heel1	one's heels be kept waiting. Down at heel
Heel1	with the heel worn down.
Heel1	shabby. Take to one's heels run away. To heel
Heel1	close behind.
Heel1	Under control. Turn on one's heel turn sharply round.
Heel2	Lean over.
Heel2	cause
Heel2	To do this.
Heel2	Act or amount of heeling.
Heelball	mixture of hard wax and lampblack used by shoemakers for polishing.
Heelball	this or a similar mixture used in brass-rubbing.
Hefty	big and strong.
Hefty	large, heavy, powerful.
Hefty	Heftiness
Hegemony	Leadership, esp. By one state of a confederacy.
Hegira	muhammad's flight from mecca in ad
Hegira	muslim era reckoned from this date.
Heifer	Young cow, esp. One that has not had more than one calf.
Height	measurement from base to top or head to foot.
Height	elevation above the ground or a recognized level.
Height	considerable elevation
Height	high place or area.
Height	top.
Height	a most intense part or period
Height	extreme example
Heighten	Make or become higher or more intense.
Heinous	Utterly odious or wicked.
Heir	person entitled to property or rank as the legal successor of its former holder.
Heir apparent	Heir whose claim cannot be set aside by the birth of another heir.
Heirloom	piece of personal property that has been in a family for several generations.
Heirloom	piece of property as part of an inheritance.
Heir presumptive	Heir whose claim may be set aside by the birth of another heir.
Hele	set
Hele	in the ground temporarily and cover its roots.
Helical	Having the form of a helix.
Helices	Of *helix.
Helicopter	Wingless aircraft obtaining lift and propulsion from horizontally revolving overhead blades.
Helio-	Form sun.
Heliocentric	regarding the sun as centre.
Heliocentric	considered as viewed from the sun's centre.
Heliograph	signalling apparatus reflecting sunlight in flashes.
Heliograph	message sent by means of this.
Heliograph	Send
Heliograph	by heliograph.
Heliotrope	Plant with fragrant purple flowers.
Heliport	Place where helicopters take off and land.
Helium	Light inert gaseous element used in airships and as a refrigerant.
Helix	spiral curve
Helix	or coiled curve
Hell	place regarded in some religions as the abode of the dead, or of devils and condemned sinners.
Hell	place or state of misery or wickedness.
Hell	Expressing anger, surprise, etc.
Hell	Expressing anger, disbelief, etc.
Hell	. Beat etc. The hell out of
Hell	Beat etc. Without restraint.
He'll	He will; he shall.
Hell-bent	recklessly determined.
Hellebore	Evergreen plant with usu. White, purple, or green flowers, e.g. The christmas rose.
Hellene	native of modern greece.
Hellene	ancient greek.
Hellenism	greek character or culture.
Hellenistic	Of greek history, language, and culture of the late
Hellenistic	th to the late
Hellenistic	st c. Bc.
Hell-fire	Fire
Hell-fire	regarded as existing in hell.
Hell for leather	At full speed.
Hell-hole	Oppressive or unbearable place.
Hellish	of or like hell.
Hellish	Extremely difficult or unpleasant.
Hellish	Extremely
Hello	Expression of informal greeting, or of surprise, or to call attention.
Hello	cry of ‘hello’.
Hell's angel	Member of a gang of male motor-cycle enthusiasts notorious for outrageous and violent behaviour.
Helm	Tiller or wheel for controlling a ship's rudder.
Helmet	Protective head-covering worn by a policeman, motor cyclist, etc.
Helmsman	Person who steers a ship.
Helot	Serf, esp.
Helot	of a class in ancient sparta.
Help	provide with the means towards what is needed or sought
Help	pay my debts; helped him on with his coat).
Help	Be of use or service to
Help	contribute to alleviating
Help	prevent or remedy
Help	refrain from
Help	refl. Refrain from acting
Help	serve
Help	helping or being helped
Help	person or thing that helps.
Help	Domestic assistant or assistance.
Help	remedy or escape
Help	serve oneself
Help	take without permission. Help a person out give a person help, esp. In difficulty.
Helpful	Giving help; useful.
Helpful	Helpfulness
Helping	Portion of food at a meal.
Helpless	lacking help or protection; defenceless.
Helpless	unable to act without help.
Helpless	Helplessness
Helpline	Telephone service providing help with problems.
Helpmate	Helpful companion or partner.
Helter-skelter	In disorderly haste.
Helter-skelter	external spiral slide round a tower.
Hem1	Border of cloth where the edge is turned under and sewn down.
Hem1	turn down and sew in the edge of
Hem2	Calling attention or expressing hesitation by a slight cough.
Hem2	Utterance of this.
Hem2	say hem; hesitate in speech.
Hemal	of the blood.
He-man	Masterful or virile man.
Hematite	a ferric oxide ore.
Hematology	the study of the blood.
Hemi-	Form half.
Hemipterous	Of the insect order including aphids, bugs, and cicadas, with piercing or sucking mouthparts.
Hemisphere	half a sphere.
Hemisphere	half of the earth, esp. As divided by the equator
Hemisphere	or by a line passing through the poles
Hemline	Lower edge of a skirt etc.
Hemlock	poisonous plant with fernlike leaves and small white flowers.
Hemlock	poison made from this.
Hemoglobin	oxygen-carrying substance in the red blood cells of vertebrates.
Hemophilia	hereditary failure of the blood to clot normally with the tendency to bleed severely from even a slight injury.
Hemophiliac	person with haemophilia.
Hemorrhage	profuse loss of blood from a ruptured blood-vessel.
Hemorrhage	damaging loss, esp. Of people or assets.
Hemorrhage	suffer a haemorrhage.
Hemorrhoids	pl.
Hemorrhoids	swollen veins in the wall of the anus; piles.
Hemp	asian herbaceous plant.
Hemp	its fibre used to make rope and stout fabrics.
Hemp	narcotic drug made from the hemp plant.
Hempen	Made of hemp.
Hemstitch	Decorative stitch.
Hemstitch	Hem with this stitch.
Hen	Female bird, esp. Of a domestic fowl.
Henbane	Poisonous hairy plant with an unpleasant smell.
Hence	from this time
Hence	for this reason
Hence	from here.
Henceforth	from this time onwards.
Henchman	Usu. Derog. Trusted supporter.
Henge	Prehistoric monument consisting of a circle of stone or wood uprights.
Henna	tropical shrub.
Henna	reddish dye made from it and used to colour hair.
Henna	dye with henna.
Hen-party	Social gathering of women only.
Henpeck	constantly nag her husband.
Henry	electr. Si unit of inductance.
Hepatic	Of the liver.
Hepatitis	Inflammation of the liver.
Hepta-	Form seven.
Heptagon	Plane figure with seven sides and angles.
Her	objective case of *she
Her	She
Her	Of or belonging to her or herself
Herald	official messenger bringing news.
Herald	forerunner, harbinger.
Herald	a hist. Officer responsible for state ceremonial and etiquette.
Herald	official concerned with pedigrees and coats of arms.
Herald	Proclaim the approach of; usher in.
Heraldry	art or knowledge of a herald.
Heraldry	coats of arms.
Herb	any non-woody seed-bearing plant.
Herb	plant with leaves, seeds, or flowers used for flavouring, food, medicine, scent, etc.
Herbaceous	Of or like herbs.
Herbaceous border	Garden border containing esp. Perennial flowering plants.
Herbage	Vegetation collectively, esp. As pasture.
Herbal	Of herbs in medicinal and culinary use.
Herbal	Book describing the medicinal and culinary uses of herbs.
Herbalist	dealer in medicinal herbs.
Herbalist	writer on herbs.
Herbarium	systematically arranged collection of dried plants.
Herbarium	book, room, etc. For these.
Herbicide	Poison used to destroy unwanted vegetation.
Herbivore	Animal that feeds on plants.
Herculean	Having or requiring great strength or effort.
Herd	a number of animals, esp. Cattle, feeding or travelling or kept together.
Herd	derog. Large number of people; mob
Herd	go in a herd
Herd	look after
Herd instinct	tendency to think and act as a crowd.
Herdsman	Man who owns or tends a herd.
Here	in or at or to this place or position
Here	indicating a person's presence or a thing offered
Here	at this point in the argument, situation, etc.
Here	This place
Here	calling attention: short for come here, look here, etc.
Here	indicating one's presence in a roll-call: short for i am here.
Here	Expression indicating the start of a bold act. Here's to i drink to the health of. Here we are
Here	Said on arrival at one's destination. Here we go again
Here	The same, usu. Undesirable, events are recurring. Here you are said on handing something to somebody. Neither here nor there of no importance.
Hereabouts	near this place.
Hereafter	From now on; in the future.
Hereafter	the future.
Hereafter	life after death.
Here and now	At this very moment; immediately.
Here and there	In various places.
Hereby	By this means; as a result of this.
Hereditable	That can be inherited.
Hereditary	Able to be passed down genetically from one generation to another.
Hereditary	a descending by inheritance.
Hereditary	holding a position by inheritance.
Heredity	a passing on of physical or mental characteristics genetically.
Heredity	these characteristics.
Heredity	genetic constitution.
Hereford	Animal of a breed of red and white beef cattle.
Herein	Formal in this matter, book, etc.
Hereinafter	Esp. Law formal
Hereinafter	from this point on.
Hereinafter	in a later part of this document etc.
Hereof	Formal of this.
Heresy	esp. Rc ch. Religious belief or practice contrary to orthodox doctrine.
Heresy	opinion contrary to what is normally accepted or maintained.
Heretic	person believing in or practising religious heresy.
Heretic	holder of an unorthodox opinion.
Hereto	Formal to this matter.
Heretofore	Formal before this time.
Hereupon	After this; in consequence of this.
Herewith	With this
Heritable	law capable of being inherited or of inheriting.
Heritable	biol. Genetically transmissible from parent to offspring.
Heritage	what is or may be inherited.
Heritage	inherited circumstances, benefits, etc.
Heritage	a nation's historic buildings, monuments, countryside, etc., esp. When regarded as worthy of preservation.
Hermaphrodite	Person, animal, or plant having both male and female reproductive organs.
Hermaphrodite	Combining both sexes.
Hermetic	With an airtight closure.
Hermit	Person
Hermit	living in solitude and austerity.
Hermitage	hermit's dwelling.
Hermitage	secluded dwelling.
Hermit-crab	Crab that lives in a mollusc's cast-off shell.
Hernia	Protrusion of part of an organ through the wall of the body cavity containing it.
Hero	person noted or admired for nobility, courage, outstanding achievements, etc.
Hero	chief male character in a play, story, etc.
Heroic	Of, fit for, or like a hero; very brave.
Heroic	(in
Heroic	high-flown language or sentiments.
Heroic	unduly bold behaviour.
Heroin	Addictive analgesic drug derived from morphine, often used as a narcotic.
Heroine	woman noted or admired for nobility, courage, outstanding achievements, etc.
Heroine	chief female character in a play, story, etc.
Heroism	Heroic conduct or qualities.
Heron	Long-legged wading bird with a long s-shaped neck.
Hero-worship	Idealization of an admired person.
Hero-worship	Idolize.
Herpes	Virus disease causing skin blisters.
Herr	title of a german man; mr.
Herr	german man.
Herring	Atlantic fish used as food.
Herring-bone	Stitch or weave consisting of a series of small ‘v’ shapes making a zigzag pattern.
Herring-gull	Large gull with dark wing-tips.
Hers	The one or ones belonging to or associated with her
Herself	a emphat. Form of *she or *her
Herself	refl. Form of *her
Herself	in her normal state of body or mind
Hertz	si unit of frequency, equal to one cycle per second.
He's	he is.
He's	he has.
Hesitant	Hesitating; irresolute.
Hesitant	Hesitancy
Hesitant	Hesitantly
Hesitate	show or feel indecision or uncertainty; pause in doubt
Hesitate	be reluctant
Hessian	Strong
Hessian	sacking made of hemp or jute.
Hetero-	Form other, different.
Heterodox	Not orthodox.
Heterodyne	Radio relating to the production of a lower frequency from the combination of two almost equal high frequencies.
Heterogeneous	diverse in character.
Heterogeneous	varied in content.
Heteromorphic	biol. Of dissimilar forms.
Heterosexual	Feeling or involving sexual attraction to the opposite sex.
Heterosexual	Heterosexual person.
Het up	Excited, overwrought.
Heuristic	allowing or assisting to discover.
Heuristic	proceeding to a solution by trial and error.
Hew	chop or cut with an axe, sword, etc.
Hew	cut into shape.
Hex	practise witchcraft.
Hex	bewitch.
Hex	Magic spell.
Hexa-	Form six.
Hexadecimal	Esp. Computing of a system of numerical notation that has
Hexadecimal	6 (the figures
Hexadecimal	and the letters a to f) rather than
Hexadecimal	0 as a base.
Hexagon	Plane figure with six sides and angles.
Hexagram	Figure formed by two intersecting equilateral triangles.
Hexameter	Line of verse with six metrical feet.
Hey	Calling attention or expressing joy, surprise, inquiry, etc.
Heyday	Time of greatest success or prosperity.
Hey presto!	Conjuror's phrase on completing a trick.
Hezbollah	extreme shiite muslim group, active esp. In lebanon.
Hf	High frequency.
Hf	Hafnium.
Hg	Mercury.
Hg	Hectogram
Hgv	Heavy goods vehicle.
Hh	her or his highness.
Hh	his holiness.
Hh	double-hard.
Hi	Calling attention or as a greeting.
Hiatus	break or gap in a series or sequence.
Hiatus	break between two vowels coming together but not in the same syllable, as in though oft the ear.
Hibernate	spend the winter in a dormant state.
Hibernian	poet.
Hibernian	Of ireland.
Hibernian	Native of ireland.
Hibiscus	cultivated shrub with large bright-coloured flowers.
Hiccup	involuntary spasm of the diaphragm causing a characteristic sound ‘hic’.
Hiccup	temporary or minor stoppage or difficulty.
Hiccup	make a hiccup.
Hick	(often
Hick	) Esp. Us
Hick	Country bumpkin, provincial.
Hickory	American tree yielding wood and nutlike edible fruits.
Hickory	the tough heavy wood of this.
Hidden	Of *hide1.
Hidden agenda	Secret motivation behind a policy, statement, etc.; ulterior motive.
Hide1	(-ding; past hid;
Hide1	Hidden)
Hide1	put or keep out of sight.
Hide1	conceal oneself.
Hide1	keep
Hide1	secret.
Hide1	conceal.
Hide1	Camouflaged shelter used for observing wildlife.
Hide2	animal's skin, esp. When tanned or dressed.
Hide2	The human skin, esp. The backside.
Hide-and-seek	Game in which players hide and another searches for them.
Hideaway	Hiding-place or place of retreat.
Hidebound	narrow-minded.
Hidebound	constricted by tradition.
Hideous	very ugly, revolting.
Hideous	Unpleasant.
Hideous	. Hideously
Hide-out	Hiding-place.
Hiding1	thrashing.
Hiding2	act of hiding.
Hiding2	state of remaining hidden
Hiding-place	Place of concealment.
Hierarchy	system of grades of status or authority ranked one above the other.
Hieratic	of priests.
Hieratic	of the ancient egyptian hieroglyphic writing as used by priests.
Hieroglyph	Picture representing a word, syllable, or sound, as used in ancient egyptian etc.
Hieroglyphic	Of or written in hieroglyphs.
Hieroglyphic	(in
Hieroglyphic	) Hieroglyphs; hieroglyphic writing.
Hi-fi	Of high fidelity.
Hi-fi	set of high-fidelity equipment.
Higgledy-piggledy	In confusion or disorder.
High	a of great vertical extent
High	(predic.; often in
High	) Of a specified height
High	a far above ground or sea level etc.
High	inland, esp. When raised
High altar	Chief altar in a church.
High and dry	Stranded; aground.
High and low	Everywhere
High and mighty	Arrogant.
Highball	Us drink of spirits and soda etc., served with ice in a tall glass.
Highbrow	Intellectual; cultural.
Highbrow	Intellectual or cultured person.
High chair	Infant's chair with long legs and a tray for meals.
High church	Section of the church of england emphasizing ritual, priestly authority, and sacraments.
High-class	Of high quality.
High colour	Flushed complexion.
High command	Army commander-in-chief and associated staff.
High commission	Embassy from one commonwealth country to another.
High court	supreme court of justice for civil cases.
High day	Festal day.
Higher animal	animal or plant evolved to a high degree.
Higher education	Education at university etc.
High explosive	Extremely explosive substance used in shells, bombs, etc.
Highfalutin	Pompous, pretentious.
High fidelity	High-quality sound reproduction with little distortion.
High-flown	Extravagant, bombastic.
High-flyer	ambitious person.
High-flyer	person or thing of great potential.
High frequency	Frequency, esp. In radio, of
High frequency	0 megahertz.
High gear	Gear such that the driven end of a transmission revolves faster than the driving end.
High-handed	Disregarding others' feelings; overbearing.
High-handed	High-handedness
High heels	pl. Women's shoes with high heels.
High jinks	pl. Boisterous fun.
High jump	athletic event consisting of jumping over a high bar.
High jump	Drastic punishment
Highland	(usu. In
Highland	area of high land.
Highland	mountainous part of scotland.
Highland	Of or in a highland or the highlands.
Highland cattle	Cattle of a shaggy-haired breed with long curved horns.
High-level	Conducted by high-ranking people.
High-level	computing
High-level	not machine-dependent and usu. At a level of abstraction close to natural language.
Highlight	moment or detail of vivid interest; outstanding feature.
Highlight	Bright area.
Highlight	(usu. In
Highlight	) Light streak in the hair produced by bleaching.
Highlight	bring into prominence; draw attention to.
Highlight	mark with a highlighter.
Highlighter	Marker pen for emphasizing a printed word etc. By overlaying it with colour.
Highly	in a high degree
Highly	favourably
Highly-strung	Very sensitive or nervous.
High-minded	Having high moral principles.
High-minded	High-mindedness
Highness	state of being high
Highness	title used when addressing or referring to a prince or princess
High-octane	not detonating readily during the power stroke.
High-pitched	high.
High-pitched	steep.
High point	The maximum or best state reached.
High-powered	having great power or energy.
High-powered	important or influential.
High pressure	high degree of activity or exertion.
High pressure	atmospheric condition with the pressure above average.
High priest	chief priest, esp. Jewish.
High priest	head of a cult.
High-ranking	Of high rank, senior.
High-rise	having many storeys.
High-rise	Such a building.
High-risk	Involving or exposed to danger
High road	Main road.
High school	grammar school.
High school	scot. Secondary school.
High sea	open seas not under any country's jurisdiction.
High season	Busiest period at a resort etc.
High-speed	Operating at great speed.
High-spirited	Vivacious; cheerful; lively.
High spot	Important place or feature.
High street	Principal shopping street of a town.
High table	Dining-table for the most important guests or members.
High tea	Evening meal usu. Consisting of a cooked dish, bread and butter, tea, etc.
High-tech	employing, requiring, or involved in high technology.
High-tech	imitating styles more usual in industry etc.
High technology	Advanced technological development, esp. In electronics.
High tide	Time or level of the tide at its peak.
High time	Time that is overdue
High-up	Person of high rank.
High voltage	Electrical potential large enough to injure or damage.
High-water mark	Level reached at high water.
Highway	a public road.
Highway	main route.
Highway	direct course of action
Highway code	Official booklet of guidance for road-users.
Highwayman	Hist. Robber of travellers etc., usu. Mounted.
High wire	High tightrope.
Hijack	seize control of
Hijack	, esp. To force it to a different destination.
Hijack	seize
Hijack	in transit.
Hijack	take control of
Hijack	By force or subterfuge.
Hijack	hijacking.
Hike	long walk, esp. In the country for pleasure.
Hike	rise in prices etc.
Hike	go for a hike.
Hike	walk laboriously.
Hike	hitch up
Hike	; become hitched up.
Hike	raise
Hilarious	exceedingly funny.
Hilarious	boisterously merry.
Hilarious	Hilarity
Hill	naturally raised area of land, lower than a mountain.
Hill	(often in
Hill	) Heap, mound
Hill	sloping piece of road.
Hill	Past the prime of life.
Hill-billy	, often derog. Person from a remote rural area in a southern state.
Hillock	Small hill, mound.
Hillside	Sloping side of a hill.
Hilltop	Top of a hill.
Hillwalking	Hiking in hilly country.
Hilly	having many hills.
Hilt	Handle of a sword, dagger, etc.
Him	objective case of *he
Him	He
Himself	a emphat. Form of *he or *him
Himself	refl. Form of *him
Himself	in his normal state of body or mind
Hind1	At the back
Hind2	Female
Hind2	deer, esp. In and after the third year.
Hinder1	Impede; delay.
Hinder2	Rear, hind
Hindi	group of spoken dialects of
Hindi	India.
Hindi	literary form of hindustani, an official language of india.
Hindmost	Furthest behind.
Hindquarters	pl. Hind legs and rump of a quadruped.
Hindrance	hindering; being hindered.
Hindrance	thing that hinders.
Hindsight	Wisdom after the event.
Hindu	follower of hinduism.
Hindu	Of hindus or hinduism.
Hinduism	Main religious and social system of india, including the belief in reincarnation, several gods, and a caste system.
Hindustani	Language based on hindi, used as a lingua franca in much of india.
Hinge	movable joint on which a door, lid, etc., turns or swings.
Hinge	principle on which all depends.
Hinge	depend
Hinge	attach or be attached by a hinge.
Hinny	offspring of a female donkey and a male horse.
Hint	slight or indirect indication or suggestion.
Hint	small piece of practical information.
Hint	very small trace; suggestion
Hint	Suggest slightly or indirectly.
Hinterland	district beyond a coast or river's banks.
Hinterland	area served by a port or other centre.
Hip1	Projection of the pelvis and the upper part of the thigh-bone.
Hip2	Fruit of a rose, esp. Wild.
Hip3	Introducing a united cheer
Hip4	trendy, stylish.
Hip-bath	Portable bath in which one sits immersed to the hips.
Hip-bone	Bone forming the hip.
Hip-flask	Small flask for spirits etc.
Hip hop	subculture combining rap music, graffiti art, and break-dancing.
Hippie	(esp. In the
Hippie	960s) person rejecting convention, typically with long hair, jeans, beads, etc., and taking hallucinogenic drugs.
Hippo	Hippopotamus.
Hip-pocket	Trouser-pocket just behind the hip.
Hippocratic oath	Statement of ethics of the medical profession.
Hippodrome	music-hall or dancehall.
Hippodrome	course for chariot races etc.
Hippopotamus	large african mammal with short legs and thick skin, living by rivers, lakes, etc.
Hippy2	Having large hips.
Hippy2	Having large hips.
Hipster1	hanging from the hips rather than the waist.
Hipster1	(in
Hipster1	) Such trousers.
Hipster2	hip person.
Hire	purchase the temporary use of
Hire	esp. Us employ
Hire	hiring or being hired.
Hire	payment for this.
Hire	Hirer
Hireling	Usu. Derog. Person who works
Hireling	for money.
Hire purchase	System of purchase by paying in instalments.
Hirsute	Hairy.
His	Of or belonging to him or himself
His	the one or ones belonging to or associated with him
Hispanic	of spain or spain and portugal.
Hispanic	of spain and other spanish-speaking countries.
Hispanic	Spanish-speaking person living in the us.
Hiss	make a sharp sibilant sound, as of the letter s.
Hiss	express disapproval of by hisses.
Hiss	whisper urgently or angrily.
Hiss	sharp sibilant sound as of the letter s.
Hiss	electronics interference at audio frequencies.
Histamine	Chemical compound in body tissues etc., associated with allergic reactions.
Histogram	Statistical diagram of rectangles with areas proportional to the value of a number of variables.
Histology	The study of tissue structure.
Historian	writer of history.
Historian	person learned in history.
Historic	famous or important in history or potentially so
Historic	used to narrate past events.
Historical	of or concerning history
Historical	showing its development over a period.
Historical	factual, not fictional or legendary.
Historical	belonging to the past, not the present.
Historical	Dealing with historical events.
Historicism	theory that social and cultural phenomena are determined by history.
Historicism	belief that historical events are governed by laws.
Historicity	Historical truth or authenticity.
Historiography	the writing of history.
Historiography	the study of this.
History	continuous record of
History	events.
History	a the study of past events, esp. Human affairs.
History	total accumulation of past events, esp. Relating to human affairs or a particular nation, person, thing, etc.
History	eventful past
History	past record
History	a systematic or critical account of or research into past events etc.
History	similar record or account of natural phenomena.
History	historical play.
Histrionic	theatrical, dramatic.
Histrionic	(in
Histrionic	) Insincere and dramatic behaviour designed to impress.
Hit	(-tt-; past and
Hit	Hit)
Hit	a strike with a blow or missile.
Hit	strike with force
Hit	reach
Hit	With a directed missile
Hit	cause to suffer; affect adversely.
Hit	direct a blow.
Hit	knock
Hit	achieve, reach
Hit	encounter
Hit	arrive at
Hit	indulge heavily in, esp. Liquor etc.
Hit	esp. Us
Hit	rob or kill.
Hit	occur forcefully to
Hit	a propel
Hit	With a bat etc. To score runs or points.
Hit	score in this way
Hit	a blow, stroke.
Hit	collision.
Hit	shot etc. That hits its target.
Hit	Popular success.
Hit	esp.
Hit-and-run	Causing damage or injury and leaving the scene immediately.
Hit-and-run	Perpetrated by such a person or people.
Hitch	fasten or be fastened with a loop, hook, etc.; tether.
Hitch	move
Hitch	slightly or with a jerk.
Hitch	obtain
Hitch	by hitchhiking.
Hitch	temporary obstacle or snag.
Hitch	abrupt pull or push.
Hitch	noose or knot of various kinds.
Hitch	Free ride in a vehicle.
Hitch	Marry. Hitch up lift
Hitch	with a jerk.
Hitchhike	travel by seeking free lifts in passing vehicles.
Hither	Formal to or towards this place.
Hither and thither	To and fro.
Hitherto	Until this time, up to now.
Hit list	list of prospective victims.
Hit man	hired assassin.
Hit-or-miss	Liable to error, random.
Hit parade	List of the current best-selling pop records.
Hittite	Member or language of an ancient people of asia minor and syria.
Hittite	Of the hittites.
Hiv	Human immunodeficiency virus, either of two viruses causing aids.
Hive	Beehive.
Hives	pl. Skin-eruption, esp. Nettle-rash.
Hm	Her
Hm	majesty
Hmg	Her
Hmg	majesty's government.
Hmi	Her
Hmi	majesty's inspector
Hms	Her
Hms	majesty's ship.
Hmso	Her
Hmso	majesty's stationery office.
Hnc	Higher national certificate.
Hnd	Higher national diploma.
Ho	Holmium.
Ho	Expressing triumph, derision, etc., or calling attention.
Hoard	Stock or store
Hoard	Amass and store.
Hoarding	large, usu. Wooden, structure used to carry advertisements etc.
Hoarding	temporary fence round a building site etc.
Hoar-frost	Frozen water vapour on vegetation etc.
Hoarse	rough and deep; husky, croaking.
Hoarse	having such a voice.
Hoarse	Hoarseness
Hoary	grey or white with age.
Hoary	having such hair; aged.
Hoary	old and trite
Hoax	Humorous or malicious deception.
Hoax	Deceive
Hoax	with a hoax.
Hob	flat heating surface with hotplates or burners, on a cooker or as a separate unit.
Hob	flat metal shelf at the side of a fireplace for heating a pan etc.
Hobble	walk lamely; limp.
Hobble	tie together the legs of
Hobble	To prevent it from straying.
Hobble	uneven or infirm gait.
Hobble	rope etc. For hobbling a horse etc.
Hobby	leisure-time activity pursued for pleasure.
Hobby-horse	child's toy consisting of a stick with a horse's head.
Hobby-horse	favourite subject or idea.
Hobgoblin	Mischievous imp; bogy.
Hobnail	Heavy-headed nail for boot-soles.
Hobnob	mix socially or informally.
Hobo	us wandering worker; tramp.
Hobson's choice	Choice of taking the thing offered or nothing.
Hock1	Joint of a quadruped's hind leg between the knee and the fetlock.
Hock2	German white wine from the rhineland.
Hock3	Esp. Us
Hock3	Pawn; pledge.
Hock3	in pawn.
Hock3	in debt.
Hock3	in prison.
Hockey	Team game with hooked sticks and a small hard ball.
Hocus-pocus	Deception; trickery.
Hod	v-shaped trough on a pole used for carrying bricks etc.
Hod	portable receptacle for coal.
Hodgkin's disease	Malignant disease of lymphatic tissues, usu. Characterized by enlargement of the lymph nodes.
Hoe	Long-handled tool with a blade, used for weeding etc.
Hoe	weed
Hoe	; loosen
Hoe	; dig up with a hoe.
Hog	castrated male pig.
Hog	Greedy person.
Hog	Take greedily; hoard selfishly; monopolize.
Hog	Do something completely or thoroughly.
Hogmanay	Scot. New year's eve.
Hogshead	large cask.
Hogshead	liquid or dry measure (about
Hogshead	0 gallons).
Hogwash	Nonsense, rubbish.
Ho-ho	representing a deep jolly laugh.
Ho-ho	expressing surprise, triumph, or derision.
Hoick	lift or pull, esp. With a jerk.
Hoi polloi	The masses; the common people.
Hoist	raise or haul up.
Hoist	raise by means of ropes and pulleys etc.
Hoist	act of hoisting, lift.
Hoist	apparatus for hoisting.
Hoity-toity	Haughty.
Hokum	Esp. Us
Hokum	sentimental, sensational, or unreal material in a film or play etc.
Hokum	bunkum; rubbish.
Hold1	(past and
Hold1	Held)
Hold1	a keep fast; grasp
Hold1	Keep or sustain
Hold1	In a particular position.
Hold1	grip so as to control
Hold1	have the capacity for, contain
Hold1	possess, gain, or have, esp.: a be the owner or tenant of
Hold1	gain or have gained
Hold1	have the position of
Hold1	keep possession of
Hold1	, esp. Against attack.
Hold1	remain unbroken; not give way
Hold1	celebrate or conduct
Hold1	a keep
Hold1	In a place or condition
Hold1	detain, esp. In custody.
Hold1	a engross
Hold1	dominate
Hold1	keep
Hold1	To
Hold1	continue fine.
Hold1	0 think, believe; assert
Hold1	1 regard with a specified feeling
Hold1	2 cease; restrain
Hold1	3 keep or reserve
Hold1	4 be able to drink
Hold1	without effect
Hold1	Lay down; decide.
Hold1	Sustain
Hold1	7 = hold the line.
Hold1	influence or power over
Hold1	manner of holding in wrestling etc.
Hold1	grasp
Hold1	(often in
Hold1	) Thing to hold by
Hold1	impede the progress of; restrain.
Hold1	keep for oneself.
Hold1	hesitate; refrain. Hold one's breath see *breath. Hold down
Hold1	repress.
Hold1	Be competent enough to keep
Hold1	. Hold the fort
Hold1	act as a temporary substitute.
Hold1	cope in an emergency. Hold forth speak at length or tediously. Hold one's ground see *ground1. Hold hands grasp one another by the hand as a sign of affection or for support or guidance. Hold it cease action or movement. Hold the line not ring off
Hold2	Cavity in the lower part of a ship or aircraft for cargo.
Holdall	Large soft travelling bag.
Holding	tenure of land.
Holding	stocks, property, etc. Held.
Holding company	Company created to hold the shares of other companies, which it then controls.
Hold-up	stoppage or delay.
Hold-up	robbery by force.
Hole	a empty space in a solid body.
Hole	opening in or through something.
Hole	animal's burrow.
Hole	cavity or receptacle for a ball.
Hole	Small or dingy place.
Hole	Awkward situation.
Hole	golf a point scored by a player who gets the ball from tee to hole with the fewest strokes.
Hole	terrain or distance from tee to hole.
Hole	Hide oneself. Make a hole in use a large amount of.
Hole-and-corner	Secret; underhand.
Hole in the heart	Congenital defect in the heart membrane.
Holiday	(often in
Holiday	) Extended period of recreation, esp. Spent away from home or travelling; break from work.
Holiday	day of festivity or recreation when no work is done, esp.
Holiday	religious festival etc.
Holiday	Spend a holiday.
Holiday camp	Place for holiday-makers with facilities on site.
Holiday-maker	Person on holiday.
Holier-than-thou	Self-righteous.
Holiness	being holy or sacred.
Holiness	title used when addressing or referring to the pope.
Holism	philos. Theory that certain wholes are greater than the sum of their parts.
Holism	med. Treating of the whole person rather than the symptoms of a disease.
Hollandaise sauce	Creamy sauce of melted butter, egg-yolks, vinegar, etc.
Holler	Shout.
Hollow	a having a cavity; not solid.
Hollow	sunken
Hollow	echoing.
Hollow	empty; hungry.
Hollow	meaningless
Hollow	insincere
Hollow	hollow place; hole.
Hollow	valley; basin.
Hollow	make hollow; excavate.
Hollow	Completely
Hollow	Hollowness
Holly	evergreen shrub with prickly leaves and red berries.
Hollyhock	Tall plant with showy flowers.
Holm	evergreen oak with holly-like young leaves.
Holmium	Metallic element of the lanthanide series.
Holocaust	large-scale destruction, esp. By fire or nuclear war.
Holocaust	mass murder of the jews by the nazis
Holocaust	939–45.
Hologram	Photographic pattern that gives a three-dimensional image when illuminated by coherent light.
Holograph	Wholly written by hand by the person named as the author.
Holograph	Holograph document.
Holography	The study or production of holograms.
Hols	Holidays.
Holster	Leather case for a pistol or revolver, worn on a belt etc.
Holy	morally and spiritually excellent or perfect, and to be revered.
Holy	belonging to or devoted to god.
Holy	consecrated, sacred.
Holy land	Area between the river jordan and the mediterranean sea.
Holy of holies	sacred inner chamber of the jewish temple.
Holy of holies	thing regarded as most sacred.
Holy orders	pl. The status of a bishop, priest, or deacon.
Holy roman empire	Western part of the roman empire as revived by charlemagne in
Holy roman empire	00 ad.
Holy see	Papacy or papal court.
Holy spirit	Third person of the trinity, god as spiritually acting.
Holy week	Week before easter.
Holy writ	Holy writings, esp. The bible.
Homage	Tribute, expression of reverence
Homburg	Man's felt hat with a narrow curled brim and a lengthwise dent in the crown.
Home	a place where one lives; fixed residence.
Home	dwelling-house.
Home	family circumstances
Home	native land.
Home	institution caring for people or animals.
Home	place where a thing originates, is kept, or is native or most common.
Home	a finishing-point in a race.
Home	place where one is safe; goal.
Home	sport home match or win.
Home	a of or connected with one's home.
Home	carried on, done, or made, at home.
Home	in one's own country
Home	sport played on one's own ground etc.
Home	to, at, or in one's home or country
Home and dry	Having achieved one's aim.
Home-brew	Beer or other alcoholic drink brewed at home.
Home-coming	Arrival at home.
Home counties	pl. The counties closest to london.
Home economics	pl. The study of household management.
Home farm	Principal farm on an estate, providing produce for the owner.
Home-grown	Grown or produced at home.
Home guard	Hist. British citizen army organized for defence in
Home guard	940.
Home help	Person helping with housework etc., esp. One provided by a local authority.
Homeland	one's native land.
Homeland	any of several partially self-governing areas in s. Africa reserved for black south africans
Homeless	Lacking a home.
Homely	simple, plain, unpretentious.
Homely	us
Homely	plain, unattractive.
Homely	comfortable, cosy.
Home-made	Made at home.
Home office	British government department dealing with law and order, immigration, etc., in england and wales.
Homeopathy	treatment of disease by minute doses of drugs that in a healthy person would produce symptoms of the disease.
Homeopathy	Homoeopathic
Homeric	of, or in the style of, homer.
Homeric	of bronze age greece as described in homer's poems.
Home rule	Government of a country or region by its own citizens.
Home secretary	Secretary of state in charge of the home office.
Homesick	Depressed by absence from home.
Homespun	made of yarn spun at home.
Homespun	plain, simple.
Homespun	Homespun cloth.
Homestead	House, esp.
Homestead	farmhouse, and outbuildings.
Home truth	Basic but unwelcome information about oneself.
Homeward	towards home.
Homeward	Going towards home.
Homework	work to be done at home, esp. By a school pupil.
Homework	preparatory work or study.
Homey	suggesting home; cosy.
Homicide	killing of a human being by another.
Homicide	person who kills a human being.
Homily	sermon.
Homily	tedious moralizing discourse.
Homing	trained to fly home.
Homing	for guiding to a target etc.
Hominid	Of the primate family including humans and their fossil ancestors.
Hominid	Member of this family.
Hominoid	Like a human.
Hominoid	Animal resembling a human.
Homo	Offens. Homosexual.
Homo-	Form same.
Homoeopathy	treatment of disease by minute doses of drugs that in a healthy person would produce symptoms of the disease.
Homoeopathy	Homoeopathic
Homogeneous	of the same kind.
Homogeneous	consisting of parts all of the same kind; uniform.
Homogeneous	Homogeneously
Homogenize	make homogeneous.
Homogenize	treat
Homogenize	so that the fat droplets are emulsified and the cream does not separate.
Homograph	Word spelt like another but of different meaning or origin
Homologous	a having the same relation, relative position, etc.
Homologous	corresponding.
Homologous	biol.
Homologous	Similar in position and structure but not necessarily in function.
Homology	Homologous state or relation; correspondence.
Homonym	word spelt or pronounced like another but of different meaning; homograph or homophone.
Homonym	namesake.
Homophobia	Hatred or fear of homosexuals.
Homophobia	Homophobic
Homophone	Word pronounced like another but of different meaning or origin
Homo sapiens	Modern humans regarded as a species.
Homosexual	Feeling or involving sexual attraction only to people of the same sex.
Homosexual	Homosexual person.
Hon.	honorary.
Hon.	honourable.
Hone	Whetstone, esp. For razors.
Hone	sharpen on or as on a hone.
Honest	fair and just; not cheating or stealing.
Honest	free of deceit and untruthfulness; sincere.
Honest	fairly earned
Honest	blameless but undistinguished.
Honest	Genuinely, really.
Honestly	in an honest way.
Honestly	really
Honesty	being honest.
Honesty	truthfulness.
Honesty	plant with purple or white flowers and flat round semi-transparent seed-pods.
Honey	sweet sticky yellowish fluid made by bees from nectar.
Honey	colour of this.
Honey	a sweetness.
Honey	sweet thing.
Honey	esp. Us
Honey	darling.
Honey-bee	Common hive-bee.
Honeycomb	bees' wax structure of hexagonal cells for honey and eggs.
Honeycomb	pattern arranged hexagonally.
Honeycomb	fill with cavities or tunnels, undermine.
Honeycomb	mark with a honeycomb pattern.
Honeydew	sweet sticky substance excreted by aphids on leaves and stems.
Honeydew	variety of melon.
Honeyed	Sweet, sweet-sounding.
Honeymoon	holiday taken by a newly married couple.
Honeymoon	initial period of enthusiasm or goodwill.
Honeymoon	Spend a honeymoon.
Honeysuckle	Climbing shrub with fragrant yellow or pink flowers.
Honk	sound of a car horn.
Honk	cry of a wild goose.
Honk	make a honk.
Honky-tonk	ragtime piano music.
Honky-tonk	cheap or disreputable nightclub etc.
Honor	high respect, public regard.
Honor	adherence to what is right or an accepted standard of conduct.
Honor	nobleness of mind, magnanimity
Honor	thing conferred as a distinction, esp. An official award for bravery or achievement.
Honor	privilege, special right
Honor	a exalted position.
Honor	Title of a circuit judge etc.
Honor	person or thing that brings honour
Honor	a chastity
Honor	reputation for this.
Honor	(in
Honor	) Specialized degree course or special distinction in an examination.
Honor	the four or five highest-ranking cards.
Honor	1 golf the right of driving off first.
Honor	respect highly.
Honorable	deserving, bringing, or showing honour.
Honorable	title indicating distinction, given to certain high officials, the children of certain ranks of the nobility, and
Honorable	to mps.
Honorarium	fee, esp.
Honorarium	voluntary payment for professional services rendered without the normal fee.
Honorary	conferred as an honour
Honorary	unpaid.
Honorific	conferring honour.
Honorific	implying respect.
Honour	high respect, public regard.
Honour	adherence to what is right or an accepted standard of conduct.
Honour	nobleness of mind, magnanimity
Honour	thing conferred as a distinction, esp. An official award for bravery or achievement.
Honour	privilege, special right
Honour	a exalted position.
Honour	Title of a circuit judge etc.
Honour	person or thing that brings honour
Honour	a chastity
Honour	reputation for this.
Honour	(in
Honour	) Specialized degree course or special distinction in an examination.
Honour	the four or five highest-ranking cards.
Honour	1 golf the right of driving off first.
Honour	respect highly.
Honour	confer honour on.
Honour	accept or pay
Honour	when due.
Honour	Under a moral obligation.
Honourable	deserving, bringing, or showing honour.
Honourable	title indicating distinction, given to certain high officials, the children of certain ranks of the nobility, and
Honourable	to mps.
Hooch	Alcoholic liquor, esp. Inferior or illicit whisky.
Hood1	a covering for the head and neck, esp. As part of a garment.
Hood1	separate hoodlike garment.
Hood1	folding top of a car etc.
Hood1	us bonnet of a car etc.
Hood1	protective cover.
Hood1	Cover with or as with a hood.
Hood2	gangster, gunman.
-hood	forming nouns:
-hood	of condition or state
-hood	designating a group
Hooded	having a hood.
Hooded	having a hoodlike part
Hoodlum	street hooligan, young thug.
Hoodlum	gangster.
Hoodoo	Esp. Us
Hoodoo	a bad luck.
Hoodoo	thing or person that brings this.
Hoodoo	voodoo.
Hoodwink	Deceive, delude.
Hoof	horny part of the foot of a horse etc.
Hoof	go on foot.
Hoo-ha	commotion.
Hook	a bent or curved piece of metal etc. For catching hold or for hanging things on.
Hook	bent piece of wire for catching fish.
Hook	curved cutting instrument
Hook	bend in a river, curved strip of land, etc.
Hook	a hooking stroke.
Hook	boxing short swinging blow.
Hook	grasp or secure with hook
Hook	catch with or as with a hook.
Hook	steal.
Hook	send
Hook	in a curve or deviating path.
Hook	rugby secure
Hook	and pass it backward with the foot in the scrum.
Hook	Out of difficulty or trouble.
Hook	not on its rest.
Hookah	Oriental tobacco-pipe with a long tube passing through water for cooling the smoke as it is drawn through.
Hook and eye	Small metal hook and loop as a fastener on a garment.
Hooked	hook-shaped.
Hooked	addicted or captivated.
Hooker	rugby player in the front row of the scrum who tries to hook the ball.
Hooker	prostitute.
Hookey	Us
Hookey	play truant.
Hook, line, and sinker	Entirely.
Hook-up	Connection, esp. Of broadcasting equipment.
Hookworm	Worm with hooklike mouthparts, infesting humans and animals.
Hooligan	Young ruffian.
Hoop	circular band of metal, wood, etc., esp. As part of a framework.
Hoop	ring bowled along by a child, or for circus performers to jump through.
Hoop	arch through which balls are hit in croquet.
Hoop	Bind or encircle with hoop
Hoop-la	Fairground game with rings thrown to encircle a prize.
Hoopoe	Salmon-pink bird with black and white wings and a large erectile crest.
Hooray henry	loud upper-class young man.
Hoot	owl's cry.
Hoot	sound made by a car's horn etc.
Hoot	shout expressing scorn or disapproval.
Hoot	laughter.
Hoot	cause of this.
Hoot	anything at all, in the slightest degree
Hoot	utter or make hoot
Hoot	greet or drive away with scornful hoots.
Hoot	sound
Hooter	thing that hoots, esp.
Hooter	car's horn or a siren.
Hooter	nose.
Hoover	Propr. Vacuum cleaner.
Hoover	Clean with a vacuum cleaner.
Hoover	a suck up with a vacuum cleaner.
Hoover	clean a room etc. With a vacuum cleaner.
Hooves	Of *hoof.
Hop1	Spring with two or all feet at once.
Hop1	jump on one foot.
Hop1	move or go quickly
Hop1	cross
Hop1	By hopping.
Hop1	hopping movement.
Hop1	Informal dance.
Hop1	short journey, esp.
Hop1	flight.
Hop1	Get into
Hop1	a car etc. Hop it
Hop1	go away. On the hop
Hop1	Unprepared
Hop2	climbing plant bearing cones.
Hop2	(in
Hop2	) Its ripe cones, used to flavour beer.
Hope	expectation and desire for a thing.
Hope	person or thing giving cause for hope.
Hope	what is hoped for.
Hope	feel hope.
Hope	expect and desire.
Hope	feel fairly confident.
Hopeful	feeling hope.
Hopeful	causing or inspiring hope.
Hopeful	likely to succeed, promising.
Hopeful	Person likely to succeed.
Hopefully	in a hopeful manner.
Hopefully	it is to be hoped
Hopeless	feeling no hope.
Hopeless	admitting no hope
Hopeless	incompetent.
Hopeless	Hopelessness
Hopper1	container tapering downward to an opening for discharging its contents.
Hopper1	hopping insect.
Hopper2	Hop-picker.
Hopping mad	Very angry.
Hopscotch	Children's game of hopping over squares marked on the ground to retrieve a stone etc.
Horde	Usu. Derog. Large group, gang.
Horehound	Herbaceous plant yielding a bitter aromatic juice used against coughs etc.
Horizon	line at which the earth and sky appear to meet.
Horizon	limit of mental perception, experience, interest, etc.
Horizontal	parallel to the plane of the horizon, at right angles to the vertical.
Horizontal	of or concerned with the same work, status, etc.
Horizontal	Horizontal line, plane, etc.
Horizontal	Horizontally
Hormone	regulatory substance produced in an organism and transported in tissue fluids to stimulate cells or tissues into action.
Hormone	similar synthetic substance.
Hormone replacement therapy	Treatment to relieve menopausal symptoms by boosting a woman's oestrogen levels.
Horn	a hard outgrowth, often curved and pointed, on the head of esp. Hoofed animals.
Horn	each of two branched appendages on the head of
Horn	deer.
Horn	hornlike projection on animals, e.g.
Horn	snail's tentacle.
Horn	substance of which horns are made.
Horn	wind instrument played by lip vibration, orig. Made of horn, now usu. Of brass.
Horn	instrument sounding a warning.
Horn	receptacle or instrument made of horn.
Horn	horn-shaped projection.
Horn	extremity of the moon or other crescent.
Horn	arm of a river etc.
Horn	intrude, interfere.
Horn	Hornist
Horn	(in sense
Hornbeam	Tree with a hard tough wood.
Hornbill	Bird with a hornlike excrescence on its large curved bill.
Hornblende	Dark-brown, black, or green mineral occurring in many rocks.
Hornet	Large wasp capable of inflicting a serious sting.
Horn of plenty	cornucopia.
Hornpipe	lively dance
Hornpipe	music for this.
Horn-rimmed	having rims made of horn or a similar substance.
Horny	of or like horn.
Horny	hard like horn.
Horny	sexually excited.
Horology	Art of measuring time or making clocks, watches, etc.
Horoscope	forecast of a person's future from a diagram showing the relative positions of the stars and planets at his or her birth.
Horoscope	such a diagram.
Horrendous	Horrifying.
Horrible	causing or likely to cause horror.
Horrible	Unpleasant.
Horrid	horrible, revolting.
Horrid	Unpleasant
Horrific	Horrifying.
Horrify	arouse horror in; shock.
Horror	painful feeling of loathing and fear.
Horror	intense dislike.
Horror	Intense dismay.
Horror	a person or thing causing horror. B
Horror	Bad or mischievous person etc.
Horror	(in
Horror	; prec. By the) fit of depression, nervousness, etc.
Horror	Designed to interest by arousing feelings of horror.
Hors d'œuvre	Food served as an appetizer at the start of a meal.
Horse	a large four-legged mammal with flowing mane and tail, used for riding and to carry and pull loads.
Horse	adult male horse; stallion or gelding.
Horse	Cavalry.
Horse	vaulting-block.
Horse	supporting frame
Horse	fool about.
Horse	From the original or an authoritative source.
Horsebox	Closed vehicle for transporting horse
Horse-brass	Brass ornament orig. For a horse's harness.
Horse chestnut	large tree with upright conical clusters of flowers.
Horse chestnut	dark brown fruit of this.
Horse-drawn	pulled by a horse or horses.
Horseflesh	flesh of a horse, esp. As food.
Horseflesh	horses collectively.
Horsefly	Any of various biting insects troublesome esp. To horses.
Horse guards	pl. Cavalry brigade of the household troops.
Horsehair	Hair from the mane or tail of a horse, used for padding etc.
Horseman	rider on horseback.
Horseman	skilled rider.
Horseplay	Boisterous play.
Horsepower	imperial unit of power (about
Horsepower	50 watts), esp. For measuring the power of an engine.
Horse-race	Race between horses with riders.
Horseradish	Plant with a pungent root used to make a sauce.
Horse sense	Plain common sense.
Horseshoe	u-shaped iron shoe for a horse.
Horseshoe	thing of this shape.
Horsetail	horse's tail.
Horsetail	plant resembling it.
Horsewhip	Whip for driving horses.
Horsewhip	beat with a horsewhip.
Horsewoman	woman who rides on horseback.
Horsewoman	skilled woman rider.
Horsy	of or like a horse.
Horsy	concerned with or devoted to horses.
Horticulture	Art of garden cultivation.
Horticulture	Horticulturist
Hosanna	Shout of adoration (matt.
Hosanna	1:9,
Hosanna	5, etc.).
Hose	flexible tube for conveying water.
Hose	a (collect.; as
Hose	) Stockings and socks.
Hose	hist. Breeches
Hose	water, spray, or drench with a hose.
Hosier	Dealer in hosiery.
Hosiery	Stockings and socks.
Hospice	home for people who are ill
Hospice	or destitute.
Hospice	lodging for travellers, esp. One kept by a religious order.
Hospitable	Giving hospitality.
Hospital	institution providing medical and surgical treatment and nursing care for ill and injured people.
Hospital	hist. Hospice.
Hospitality	Friendly and generous reception and entertainment of guests or strangers.
Hospitalize	send or admit
Hospitalize	to hospital.
Host1	large number of people or things.
Host2	person who receives or entertains another as a guest.
Host2	compère.
Host2	biol. Animal or plant having a parasite.
Host2	recipient of a transplanted organ etc.
Host2	landlord of an inn.
Host2	Be host to
Host2	or of
Host3	bread consecrated in the eucharist.
Hostage	Person seized or held as security for the fulfilment of a condition.
Hostel	house of residence or lodging for students, nurses, etc.
Hosteling	practice of staying in youth hostels.
Hostelling	practice of staying in youth hostels.
Hostelry	inn.
Hostess	woman who receives or entertains a guest.
Hostess	woman employed to entertain customers at a nightclub etc.
Hostess	stewardess on an aircraft etc.
Hostile	of an enemy.
Hostile	unfriendly, opposed.
Hostility	being hostile, enmity.
Hostility	state of warfare.
Hostility	(in
Hostility	) Acts of warfare.
Hot	having a high temperature.
Hot	causing a sensation of heat
Hot	Pungent.
Hot	feeling heat.
Hot	a ardent, passionate, excited.
Hot	eager, keen
Hot	angry or upset.
Hot	Fresh, recent.
Hot	hunting
Hot	fresh, recent.
Hot	very skilful, formidable.
Hot	knowledgeable about.
Hot	strongly rhythmical.
Hot	difficult to dispose of because identifiable.
Hot	radioactive.
Hot	make or become hot.
Hot	make or become more active, exciting, or dangerous.
Hot	be sexually attracted to. Hot under the collar angry, resentful, embarrassed. Like hot cakes see *cake. Make it
Hot	hot for a person persecute a person.
Hot	Hotness
Hot	Hottish
Hot air	empty or boastful talk.
Hot-air balloon	Balloon containing air heated by burners below it, causing it to rise.
Hotbed	environment conducive to
Hotbed	bed of earth heated by fermenting manure.
Hot-blooded	Ardent, passionate.
Hotchpotch	confused mixture or jumble, esp. Of ideas.
Hot cross bun	Bun marked with a cross and traditionally eaten on good friday.
Hot dog	Hot sausage in a soft roll.
Hotel	establishment providing accommodation and meals for payment.
Hotelier	Hotel-keeper.
Hotfoot	In eager haste.
Hotfoot	Hurry eagerly
Hot gospeller	Eager preacher of the gospel.
Hothead	Impetuous person.
Hothead	Hotheadedness
Hothouse	heated
Hothouse	building for rearing tender plants.
Hothouse	environment conducive to the rapid growth or development of something.
Hot line	Direct exclusive telephone etc. Line, esp. For emergencies.
Hot money	Capital frequently transferred.
Hotplate	Heated metal plate etc.
Hotplate	for cooking food or keeping it hot.
Hotpot	Casserole of meat and vegetables topped with potato.
Hot potato	Contentious matter.
Hot rod	Vehicle modified to have extra power and speed.
Hot seat	position of difficult responsibility.
Hot seat	electric chair.
Hot spot	small region that is relatively hot.
Hot spot	lively or dangerous place.
Hot stuff	formidably capable or important person or thing.
Hot stuff	sexually attractive person.
Hot stuff	erotic book, film, etc.
Hot-tempered	Impulsively angry.
Hottentot	member of a sw african negroid people.
Hottentot	their language.
Hot water	Difficulty or trouble.
Hot-water bottle	container filled with hot water to warm a bed.
Hound	dog used in hunting.
Hound	Despicable man.
Hound	Harass or pursue.
Hour	twenty-fourth part of a day and night,
Hour	0 minutes.
Hour	time of day, point in time
Hour	(in
Hour	With preceding numerals in form
Hour	8.00,
Hour	0.30, etc.) This number of hours and minutes past midnight on the
Hour	4-hour clock (will assemble at
Hour	0.00 hours).
Hour	a period for a specific purpose
Hour	) Fixed working or open period
Hour	short period of time
Hourglass	Two vertically connected glass bulbs containing sand taking an hour to pass from upper to lower bulb.
Houri	beautiful young woman of the muslim paradise.
Hourly	done or occurring every hour.
Hourly	frequent.
Hourly	reckoned hour by hour
Hourly	every hour.
Hourly	frequently.
House	building for human habitation.
House	building for a special purpose or for animals or goods
House	a religious community.
House	its buildings.
House	a body of pupils living in the same building at a boarding-school.
House	such a building.
House	division of a day-school for games, competitions, etc.
House	royal family or dynasty
House	a firm or institution.
House	its premises.
House	a legislative or deliberative assembly.
House	building for this.
House	audience or performance in a theatre etc.
House	astrol. Twelfth part of the heavens.
House	provide with a house or other accommodation.
House	store
House	enclose or encase
House	fix in a socket, mortise, etc.
House	vigorously, fast.
House	successfully, excellently. On the house free. Put
House	one's house in order make necessary reforms.
House-agent	Agent for the sale and letting of houses.
House arrest	Detention in one's own house, not in prison.
Houseboat	Boat equipped for living in.
Housebound	Confined to one's house through illness etc.
Housebreaking	Act of breaking into a building, esp. In daytime, to commit a crime.
Housecoat	Woman's informal indoor coat or gown.
Housefly	Common fly often entering houses.
Household	occupants of a house as a unit.
Household	house and its affairs.
Householder	person who owns or rents a house.
Householder	head of a household.
Household troops	pl. Troops nominally guarding the sovereign.
Household word	familiar name or saying.
Household word	familiar person or thing.
House-hunting	Seeking a house to buy or rent.
House-husband	Man who does a wife's traditional household duties.
Housekeeper	Person, esp.
Housekeeper	woman, employed to manage a household.
Housekeeping	management of household affairs.
Housekeeping	money allowed for this.
Housekeeping	operations of maintenance, record-keeping, etc., in an organization.
House lights	pl. Lights in a theatre auditorium.
Housemaid	Female servant in a house.
Housemaid's knee	Inflammation of the kneecap.
Houseman	Resident junior doctor at a hospital etc.
House-martin	Black and white bird nesting on house walls etc.
Housemaster	teacher in charge of a house, esp. At a boarding-school.
House music	Style of pop music, typically using drum machines and synthesized bass lines with sparse repetitive vocals and a fast beat.
House of cards	Insecure scheme etc.
House of commons	Elected chamber of parliament.
House of keys	elected chamber of the tynwald.
House of lords	Chamber of parliament that is mainly hereditary.
House party	Group of guests staying at a country house etc.
House-plant	Plant grown indoors.
House-proud	Attentive to the care and appearance of the home.
Houseroom	Space or accommodation in one's house.
Housetop	Roof of a house.
House-trained	trained to be clean in the house.
House-trained	Well-mannered.
House-warming	Party celebrating a move to a new home.
Housewife	woman who manages a household and usu. Does not have a full-time paid job.
Housewife	case for needles, thread, etc.
Housework	Regular housekeeping work, e.g. Cleaning and cooking.
Housey-housey	gambling form of lotto.
Housing	a dwelling-houses collectively.
Housing	provision of these.
Housing	shelter, lodging.
Housing	rigid casing for machinery etc.
Housing	hole or niche cut in one piece of wood for another to fit into.
Housing estate	Residential area planned as a unit.
Hovel	Small miserable dwelling.
Hover	Remain in one place in the air.
Hover	wait close at hand, linger.
Hover	hovering.
Hover	state of suspense.
Hovercraft	vehicle travelling on a cushion of air provided by a downward blast.
Hoverport	Terminal for hovercraft.
How	by what means, in what way
How	in what condition, esp. Of health
How	a to what extent
How	to what extent good or well, what … like
How	. —rel.
How	In whatever way, as
How	That
How	Would you like
How	. How do you do?
How	formal greeting. How many what number. How much
How	what amount.
How	what price. How's that?
How	what is your opinion or explanation of that?
How	cricket
How	is the batsman out or not?
Howbeit	nevertheless.
Howdah	seat for riding on an elephant or camel.
However	a in whatever way
However	to whatever extent
However	nevertheless.
Howitzer	Short gun for the high-angle firing of shells.
Howl	long loud doleful cry of a dog etc.
Howl	prolonged wailing noise.
Howl	loud cry of pain, rage, derision, or laughter.
Howl	make a howl.
Howl	weep loudly.
Howl	utter with a howl.
Howler	Glaring mistake.
Howsoever	Formal
Howsoever	in whatsoever way.
Howsoever	to whatsoever extent.
Hoy	Used to call attention.
Hoyden	Boisterous girl.
H.p.	horsepower.
H.p.	hire purchase.
Hq	Headquarters.
Hr.	Hour.
Hrh	Her or his royal highness.
Hrs.	Hours.
Hrt	Hormone replacement therapy.
Ht	High tension.
Hub	central part of a wheel, rotating on or with the axle.
Hub	centre of interest, activity, etc.
Hubble-bubble	simple hookah.
Hubble-bubble	bubbling sound.
Hubble-bubble	confused talk.
Hubbub	confused noise of talking.
Hubbub	disturbance.
Hubby	Husband.
Hubris	Arrogant pride or presumption.
Huckleberry	low-growing
Huckleberry	American shrub.
Huckleberry	blue or black fruit of this.
Huckster	Aggressive salesman; hawker.
Huckster	haggle.
Huckster	hawk
Huddle	crowd together; nestle closely.
Huddle	curl one's body into a small space.
Huddle	heap together in a muddle.
Huddle	confused or crowded mass.
Huddle	Close or secret conference
Hue	colour, tint.
Hue	variety or shade of colour.
Hue and cry	Loud outcry.
Huff	Fit of petty annoyance.
Huff	blow air, steam, etc.
Huff	bluster self-importantly but ineffectually.
Huff	draughts remove
Huff	as a forfeit.
Huff	Annoyed and offended.
Huffy	apt to take offence.
Huffy	offended.
Huffy	Huffiness
Hug	squeeze tightly in one's arms, esp. With affection.
Hug	squeeze
Hug	between its forelegs.
Hug	keep close to; fit tightly around.
Hug	strong clasp with the arms.
Hug	squeezing grip in wrestling.
Huge	extremely large; enormous.
Huge	very great.
Hugely	extremely
Hugely	very much
Hugger-mugger	in secret.
Hugger-mugger	confused; in confusion.
Hugger-mugger	secrecy.
Hugger-mugger	confusion.
Huguenot	Hist. French protestant.
Huh	Expressing disgust, surprise, etc.
Hula	polynesian dance performed by women, with flowing arm movements.
Hula hoop	Large hoop spun round the body.
Hulk	body of a dismantled ship.
Hulk	Large clumsy-looking person or thing.
Hulking	Bulky; clumsy.
Hull1	Body of a ship, airship, etc.
Hull2	Outer covering of a fruit, esp. The pod of peas and beans, the husk of grain, or the green calyx of a strawberry.
Hull2	Remove the hulls from
Hullabaloo	Uproar.
Hum	make a low steady continuous sound like a bee.
Hum	sing with closed lips.
Hum	utter a slight inarticulate sound.
Hum	Be active
Hum	Smell unpleasantly.
Hum	humming sound.
Hum	Bad smell.
Human	of or belonging to the species homo sapiens.
Human	consisting of human beings
Human	of or characteristic of humankind, esp. As being weak, fallible, etc.
Human	showing warmth, sympathy, etc.
Human	Human being.
Human being	Man, woman, or child.
Human chain	Line of people formed for passing things along, as a protest, etc.
Humane	benevolent, compassionate.
Humane	inflicting the minimum of pain.
Humane	tending to civilize.
Humane	Humaneness
Humane killer	Instrument for the painless slaughter of animals.
Humanism	non-religious philosophy based on liberal human values.
Humanism	literary culture, esp. That of the renaissance.
Humanism	Humanistic
Humanitarian	Person who seeks to promote human welfare.
Humanitarian	Of humanitarians.
Humanity	a the human race.
Humanity	human beings collectively.
Humanity	being human.
Humanity	humaneness, benevolence.
Humanity	(in
Humanity	) Subjects concerned with human culture, e.g. Language, literature, and history.
Humanize	make human or humane.
Humankind	Human beings collectively.
Humanly	by human means
Humanly	in a human manner.
Human nature	General characteristics and feelings of mankind.
Human rights	pl. Rights held to be common to all.
Human shield	Person
Human shield	placed in the line of fire in order to discourage attack.
Humble	having or showing low self-esteem.
Humble	of low social or political rank.
Humble	modest in size, pretensions, etc.
Humble	make humble; abase.
Humble	lower the rank or status of.
Humble	Humbly
Humbug	lying or deception; hypocrisy.
Humbug	impostor.
Humbug	hard boiled striped peppermint sweet.
Humbug	be or behave like an impostor.
Humbug	deceive, hoax.
Humdinger	excellent or remarkable person or thing.
Humdrum	Commonplace, dull, monotonous.
Humerus	bone of the upper arm.
Humid	warm and damp.
Humidifier	Device for keeping the atmosphere moist in a room etc.
Humidify	make
Humidify	Humid.
Humidity	dampness.
Humidity	degree of moisture, esp. In the atmosphere.
Humiliate	injure the dignity or self-respect of.
Humiliate	Humiliation
Humility	humbleness, meekness.
Humility	humble condition.
Hummingbird	Small tropical bird that makes a humming sound with its wings when it hovers.
Hummock	Hillock or hump.
Hummus	dip or appetizer made from ground chick-peas, sesame oil, lemon, and garlic.
Humor	a quality of being amusing or comic.
Humor	the expression of humour in literature, speech, etc.
Humor	ability to perceive or express humour.
Humor	state of mind; inclination
Humor	hist. Each of the four fluids
Humor	, thought to determine a person's physical and mental qualities.
Humor	Gratify or indulge
Humoresque	Short lively piece of music.
Humorist	Humorous writer, talker, or actor.
Humorous	Showing humour or a sense of humour.
Humour	a quality of being amusing or comic.
Humour	the expression of humour in literature, speech, etc.
Humour	ability to perceive or express humour.
Humour	state of mind; inclination
Humour	hist. Each of the four fluids
Humour	, thought to determine a person's physical and mental qualities.
Humour	Gratify or indulge
Hump	rounded protuberance on a camel's back, or as an abnormality on a person's back.
Hump	rounded raised mass of earth etc.
Hump	critical point in an undertaking.
Hump	fit of depression or vexation
Hump	Lift or carry
Hump	With difficulty.
Hump	make hump-shaped.
Humpback	a deformed back with a hump.
Humpback	person with this.
Humpback	whale with a dorsal fin forming a hump.
Humpback bridge	Small bridge with a steep ascent and descent.
Humph	Inarticulate sound of doubt or dissatisfaction.
Humus	Organic constituent of soil formed by the decomposition of vegetation.
Hun	offens. German
Hun	member of a warlike asiatic nomadic people who ravaged europe in the
Hun	th–5th c.
Hun	vandal.
Hunch	Bend or arch into a hump.
Hunch	intuitive feeling or idea.
Hunch	hump.
Hundred	(pl. Hundreds or (in sense
Hundred	) hundred)
Hundred	ten times ten.
Hundred	symbol for this
Hundred	(in sing. Or
Hundred	large number.
Hundred	(in
Hundred	) The years of a specified century
Hundred	hist. Subdivision of a county or shire, having its own court.
Hundred	Hundredth
Hundreds and thousands	pl. Tiny coloured sweets for decorating cakes etc.
Hundredweight	unit of weight equal to
Hundredweight	12 lb, or us equal to
Hundredweight	00 lb.
Hundredweight	unit of weight equal to
Hundredweight	0 kg.
Hungarian	a native or national of hungary.
Hungarian	person of hungarian descent.
Hungarian	language of hungary.
Hungarian	Of hungary or its people or language.
Hunger	a lack of food.
Hunger	feeling of discomfort or exhaustion caused by this.
Hunger	strong desire.
Hunger	crave or desire.
Hunger	feel hunger.
Hunger strike	Refusal of food as a protest.
Hung-over	Suffering from a hangover.
Hung parliament	Parliament in which no party has a clear majority.
Hungry	feeling or showing hunger; needing food.
Hungry	inducing hunger
Hungry	craving
Hunk	large piece cut off
Hunk	Sexually attractive man.
Hunky-dory	Esp. Us
Hunky-dory	Excellent.
Hunt	pursue and kill
Hunt	for sport or food.
Hunt	use
Hunt	for hunting.
Hunt	chase
Hunt	seek, search.
Hunt	Run alternately too fast and too slow.
Hunt	scour
Hunt	for game.
Hunt	(as hunted
Hunt	Terrified as if being hunted.
Hunt	practice or instance of hunting.
Hunt	a association of people hunting with hounds.
Hunt	area for hunting.
Hunter	person or animal that hunts.
Hunter	horse used in hunting.
Hunter	person who seeks something.
Hunter	pocket-watch with a hinged cover protecting the glass.
Hunter's moon	Next full moon after the harvest moon.
Huntsman	hunter.
Huntsman	hunt official in charge of hounds.
Hurdle	a each of a series of light frames to be cleared by athletes in a race.
Hurdle	) Hurdle-race.
Hurdle	obstacle or difficulty.
Hurdle	portable rectangular frame used as a temporary fence etc.
Hurdle	run in a hurdle-race.
Hurdle	fence off etc. With hurdles.
Hurdler	athlete who runs in hurdle-races.
Hurdler	maker of hurdles.
Hurdy-gurdy	droning musical instrument played by turning a handle.
Hurdy-gurdy	Barrel-organ.
Hurl	throw with great force.
Hurl	utter
Hurl	Vehemently.
Hurl	Forceful throw.
Hurley	irish game resembling hockey.
Hurley	stick used in this.
Hurly-burly	Boisterous activity; commotion.
Hurrah	exclamation of joy or approval.
Hurricane	storm with a violent wind, esp.
Hurricane	w. Indian cyclone.
Hurricane	meteorol. Wind of
Hurricane	5 knots
Hurricane	Or more, force
Hurricane	2 on the beaufort scale.
Hurricane-lamp	Oil-lamp designed to resist a high wind.
Hurry	great or eager haste.
Hurry	(with neg. Or
Hurry	) Need for haste
Hurry	move or act hastily.
Hurry	cause to hurry.
Hurt	(past and
Hurt	Hurt)
Hurt	Cause pain or injury to.
Hurt	cause mental pain or distress to.
Hurt	suffer pain
Hurt	injury.
Hurt	harm, wrong.
Hurtful	Causing
Hurtful	hurt.
Hurtle	move or hurl rapidly or noisily.
Hurtle	come with a crash.
Husband	Married man, esp. In relation to his wife.
Husband	Use
Husband	economically; eke out.
Husbandry	farming.
Husbandry	management of resources.
Hush	Make or become silent or quiet.
Hush	Calling for silence.
Hush	Expectant stillness or silence.
Hush-hush	Highly secret, confidential.
Hush money	money paid to ensure discretion.
Husk	dry outer covering of some fruits or seeds.
Husk	worthless outside part of a thing.
Husk	Remove husk
Husk	from.
Husky1	dry in the throat; hoarse.
Husky1	of or full of husks.
Husky1	dry as a husk.
Husky1	tough, strong, hefty.
Husky1	Huskiness
Husky2	dog of a powerful breed used in the arctic for pulling sledges.
Huss	Dogfish as food.
Hussar	Soldier of a light cavalry regiment.
Hussy	derog. Impudent or promiscuous girl or woman.
Hustings	Election campaign or proceedings.
Hustle	jostle, bustle.
Hustle	Force, coerce, or hurry
Hustle	a solicit business.
Hustle	engage in prostitution.
Hustle	obtain by energetic activity.
Hustle	Act or instance of hustling.
Hut	Small simple or crude house or shelter.
Hutch	Box or cage for rabbits etc.
Hyacinth	bulbous plant with racemes of bell-shaped
Hyacinth	fragrant flowers.
Hyacinth	purplish-blue.
Hybrid	offspring of two plants or animals of different species or varieties.
Hybrid	thing composed of diverse elements, e.g.
Hybrid	word with parts taken from different languages.
Hybrid	bred as a hybrid.
Hybrid	heterogeneous.
Hybridize	subject
Hybridize	To crossbreeding.
Hybridize	a produce hybrids.
Hybridize	interbreed.
Hydra	freshwater polyp with a tubular body and tentacles.
Hydra	something hard to destroy.
Hydrangea	Shrub with globular clusters of white, pink, or blue flowers.
Hydrant	Outlet
Hydrant	with a nozzle for a hose, for drawing water from the main.
Hydrate	Compound in which water is chemically combined with another compound or an element.
Hydrate	combine chemically with water.
Hydrate	cause to absorb water.
Hydraulic	Conveyed through pipes or channels.
Hydraulic	Operated by liquid moving in this way
Hydraulics	pl.
Hydraulics	Science of the conveyance of liquids through pipes etc., esp. As motive power.
Hydride	Compound of hydrogen with an element.
Hydro	hotel or clinic etc., orig. Providing hydropathic treatment.
Hydro	hydroelectric power plant.
Hydro-	Form
Hydro-	having to do with water
Hydro-	combined with hydrogen
Hydrocarbon	Compound of hydrogen and carbon.
Hydrocephalus	Accumulated fluid in the brain, esp. In young children.
Hydrochloric acid	Solution of the colourless gas hydrogen chloride in water.
Hydrocyanic acid	Highly poisonous liquid smelling of bitter almonds; prussic acid.
Hydrodynamics	pl.
Hydrodynamics	Science of forces acting on or exerted by fluids
Hydroelectric	generating electricity by water-power.
Hydroelectric	so generated.
Hydrofoil	boat equipped with planes for lifting its hull out of the water to increase its speed.
Hydrofoil	such a plane.
Hydrogen	Tasteless odourless gas, the lightest element, occurring in water and all organic compounds.
Hydrogenate	charge with or cause to combine with hydrogen.
Hydrogen bomb	Immensely powerful bomb utilizing the explosive fusion of hydrogen nuclei.
Hydrogen peroxide	Viscous unstable liquid with strong oxidizing properties.
Hydrogen sulphide	Poisonous unpleasant-smelling gas formed by rotting animal matter.
Hydrography	Science of surveying and charting seas, lakes, rivers, etc.
Hydrography	Hydrographic
Hydrology	Science of the properties of water, esp. Of its movement in relation to land.
Hydrolyse	decompose by hydrolysis.
Hydrolysis	Chemical reaction of a substance with water, usu. Resulting in decomposition.
Hydrolyze	decompose by hydrolysis.
Hydrometer	Instrument for measuring the density of liquids.
Hydropathy	treatment of disease by water.
Hydrophilic	having an affinity for water.
Hydrophilic	wettable by water.
Hydrophobia	aversion to water, esp. As a symptom of rabies in humans.
Hydrophobia	rabies, esp. In humans.
Hydroplane	light fast motor boat that skims over water.
Hydroplane	finlike attachment enabling a submarine to rise and descend.
Hydroponics	Growing plants without soil, in sand, gravel, or liquid, with added nutrients.
Hydrosphere	Waters of the earth's surface.
Hydrostatic	Of the equilibrium of liquids and the pressure exerted by liquid at rest.
Hydrostatics	pl.
Hydrostatics	Mechanics of the hydrostatic properties of liquids.
Hydrotherapy	Use of water, esp. Swimming, in the treatment of arthritis, paralysis, etc.
Hydrous	Containing water.
Hydroxide	Compound containing oxygen and hydrogen as either a hydroxide ion or a hydroxyl group.
Hydroxyl	Univalent group containing hydrogen and oxygen.
Hyena	doglike flesh-eating mammal.
Hygiene	conditions or practices, esp. Cleanliness, conducive to maintaining health.
Hygiene	science of maintaining health.
Hygiene	Hygienically
Hygiene	Hygienist
Hygrometer	Instrument for measuring the humidity of the air or a gas.
Hygroscope	Instrument indicating but not measuring the humidity of the air.
Hygroscopic	of the hygroscope.
Hygroscopic	tending to absorb moisture from the air.
Hymen	Membrane at the opening of the vagina, usu. Broken at the first occurrence of sexual intercourse.
Hymenopterous	Of an order of insects having four transparent wings, including bees, wasps, and ants.
Hymn	song of esp. Christian praise.
Hymn	crusading theme
Hymn	Praise or celebrate in hymns.
Hymnal	Book of hymns.
Hymnology	the composition or study of hymns.
Hymnology	hymns collectively.
Hyoscine	Poisonous alkaloid found in plants of the nightshade family, used to prevent motion sickness etc.
Hype	Extravagant or intensive promotion of a product etc.
Hype	promote with hype.
Hyped up	nervously excited or stimulated.
Hyper	hyperactive, highly-strung.
Hyper- 	meaning:
Hyper- 	over, beyond, above
Hyper- 	too
Hyperactive	abnormally active.
Hyperbola	plane curve produced when a cone is cut by a plane that makes a larger angle with the base than the side of the cone makes.
Hyperbole	Exaggeration, esp. For effect.
Hyperbolic function	Function related to a rectangular hyperbola, e.g.
Hyperbolic function	hyperbolic cosine or sine.
Hypercritical	Excessively critical.
Hyperglycaemia	excess of glucose in the bloodstream.
Hyperglycemia	excess of glucose in the bloodstream.
Hypermarket	Very large supermarket.
Hypermedia	Provision of several media
Hypermedia	on one computer system, with cross-references from one to another (often
Hypermedia	: hypermedia database).
Hypersensitive	Excessively sensitive.
Hypersonic	of speeds of more than five times that of sound.
Hypersonic	of sound-frequencies above about a thousand million hertz.
Hypertension	abnormally high blood pressure.
Hypertension	great emotional tension.
Hypertext	Provision of several texts on one computer system, with cross-references from one to another.
Hyperthermia	Abnormally high body-temperature.
Hyperthyroidism	Overactivity of the thyroid gland, resulting in an increased rate of metabolism.
Hyperventilation	Abnormally rapid breathing.
Hyphen	Sign
Hyphen	used to join words semantically or syntactically
Hyphen	, to indicate the division of a word at the end of a line, or to indicate a missing or implied element
Hyphenate	write
Hyphenate	with a hyphen.
Hyphenate	join
Hyphenate	with a hyphen.
Hypnosis	state like sleep in which the subject acts only on external suggestion.
Hypnosis	artificially produced sleep.
Hypnotherapy	Treatment of mental disorders by hypnosis.
Hypnotic	of or producing hypnosis.
Hypnotic	inducing sleep.
Hypnotic	Hypnotic drug or influence.
Hypnotism	The study or practice of hypnosis.
Hypnotize	produce hypnosis in.
Hypnotize	fascinate; capture the mind of.
Hypo1	Sodium thiosulphate
Hypo1	used as a photographic fixer.
Hypo- 	under
Hypo- 	below normal
Hypo- 	slightly.
Hypocaust	Space for underfloor hot-air heating in ancient roman houses.
Hypochondria	Abnormal and ill-founded anxiety about one's health.
Hypochondriac	Person given to hypochondria.
Hypochondriac	Of or affected by hypochondria.
Hypocrisy	false claim to virtue; insincerity, pretence.
Hypocrisy	instance of this.
Hypocrite	Person given to hypocrisy.
Hypocrite	Hypocritically
Hypodermic	of the area beneath the skin.
Hypodermic	a injected beneath the skin.
Hypodermic	Used to do this.
Hypodermic	Hypodermic injection or syringe.
Hypotension	Abnormally low blood pressure.
Hypotenuse	Side opposite the right angle of a right-angled triangle.
Hypothalamus	region of the brain controlling body-temperature, thirst, hunger, etc.
Hypothermia	Abnormally low body-temperature.
Hypothesis	proposition or supposition made as the basis for reasoning or investigation.
Hypothesize	form or assume a hypothesis.
Hypothetical	of, based on, or serving as a hypothesis.
Hypothetical	supposed; not necessarily true.
Hypothyroidism	Subnormal activity of the thyroid gland, resulting in cretinism.
Hypoventilation	Abnormally slow breathing.
Hyssop	small bushy aromatic herb, formerly used medicinally.
Hyssop	bibl. Plant whose twigs were used for sprinkling in jewish rites.
Hysterectomy	surgical removal of the womb.
Hysteresis	Phenomenon whereby changes in an effect lag behind changes in its cause.
Hysteria	wild uncontrollable emotion or excitement.
Hysteria	functional disturbance of the nervous system, of psychoneurotic origin.
Hysteric	(in
Hysteric	fit of hysteria. B
Hysteric	Overwhelming laughter
Hysteric	hysterical person.
Hysterical	of or affected with hysteria.
Hysterical	uncontrollably emotional.
Hysterical	Extremely funny.
Hz	Hertz.
I1	ninth letter of the alphabet.
I2	(obj. Me;
I2	My, mine;
I2	We) used by a speaker or writer to refer to himself or herself.
I3	Iodine.
I4	island
I4	isle
Iambus	metrical foot consisting of one short followed by one long syllable
Iba	Independent broadcasting authority.
Iberian	Of iberia, the peninsula comprising spain and portugal; of spain and portugal.
Iberian	Native or language of iberia.
Ibex	wild mountain goat with thick curved ridged horns.
Ibid.	In the same book or passage etc.
-ibility	forming nouns from, or corresponding to, adjectives in -ible.
Ibis	wading bird with a curved bill, long neck, and long legs.
-ible	forming adjectives meaning ‘that may or may be’
-ible	forming adjectives meaning ‘that may or may be’
-ibly	forming adverbs corresponding to adjectives in -ible.
Ibo	member of a black people of se nigeria.
Ibo	their language.
-ic	forming adjectives
-ic	and nouns
-ic	combined in higher valence or degree of oxidation
-ical	forming adjectives corresponding to nouns or adjectives in -ic or -y
Ice	a frozen water.
Ice	sheet of this on water.
Ice	ice-cream or water-ice
Ice	mix with or cool in ice
Ice	a cover or become covered with ice.
Ice	freeze.
Ice	cover
Ice	With icing.
Ice	performed by skaters.
Ice	In reserve. On thin ice in a risky situation.
Ice age	Glacial period.
Ice-axe	Cutting tool used by mountaineers.
Iceberg	Large floating mass of ice.
Iceberg lettuce	Crisp type of round lettuce.
Ice blue	(as
Ice blue	Often hyphenated) very pale blue.
Icebox	compartment in a refrigerator for making or storing ice.
Icebox	us refrigerator.
Ice-breaker	ship designed to break through ice.
Ice-breaker	joke, incident, etc. That breaks the ice.
Ice bucket	Bucket holding ice, used to chill wine.
Ice cap	Permanent covering of ice, esp. In polar regions.
Ice-cream	Sweet creamy frozen food, usu. Flavoured.
Ice-cube	Small block of ice for drinks etc.
Ice-field	Expanse of ice, esp. In polar regions.
Ice hockey	Form of hockey played on ice.
Icelander	native or national of iceland.
Icelander	person of icelandic descent.
Icelandic	Of iceland.
Icelandic	Language of iceland.
Ice lolly	flavoured ice on a stick.
Ice-pack	ice applied to the body for medical purposes.
Ice-pick	Tool with a spike for splitting up ice.
Ice-plant	Plant with speckled leaves.
Ice-skate	Boot with a blade beneath, for skating on ice.
Ice-skate	Skate on ice.
Ichneumon	small wasp depositing eggs in or on the larva of another as food for its own larva.
Ichneumon	mongoose noted for destroying crocodile eggs.
Ichthyology	The study of fishes.
Ichthyology	Ichthyologist
Ichthyosaurus	extinct marine reptile with four flippers and usu.
Ichthyosaurus	large tail.
-ician	forming nouns denoting persons skilled in subjects having nouns usu. Ending in -ic or -ics
Icicle	Hanging tapering piece of ice, formed from dripping water.
Icing	coating of sugar etc. On a cake or biscuit.
Icing	formation of ice on a ship or aircraft.
Icing sugar	Finely powdered sugar.
Icon	painting of christ etc., esp. In the eastern church.
Icon	image or statue.
Icon	symbol on a vdu screen of a program, option, or window, esp. For selection.
Iconoclast	person who attacks cherished beliefs.
Iconoclast	hist. Person destroying religious images.
Iconoclast	Iconoclastic
Iconography	the illustration of a subject by drawings or figures.
Iconography	the study of portraits, esp. Of an individual, or of artistic images or symbols.
Iconostasis	screen bearing icons.
Icosahedron	Solid figure with twenty faces.
-ics	(treated as sing. Or
-ics	) Forming nouns denoting arts, sciences, etc.
Icy	very cold.
Icy	covered with or abounding in ice.
Icy	unfriendly, hostile.
Icy	Iciness
Id	Identification, identity
Id	Person's inherited unconscious psychological impulses.
I'd	i had.
I'd	i should; i would.
-ide	chem. Forming nouns denoting binary compounds of an element
Idea	plan etc. Formed by mental effort
Idea	a mental impression or concept.
Idea	vague belief or fancy
Idea	intention or purpose
Idea	archetype or pattern.
Idea	ambition or aspiration
Idea	not know at all.
Idea	be completely incompetent. Not one's idea of
Idea	Not what one regards as
Ideal	answering to one's highest conception; perfect.
Ideal	existing only in idea; visionary.
Ideal	Perfect type, thing, concept, principle, etc., esp. As a standard to emulate.
Idealism	forming or pursuing ideals, esp. Unrealistically.
Idealism	representation of things in ideal form.
Idealism	system of thought in which objects are held to be in some way dependent on the mind.
Idealism	Idealistic
Idealism	Idealistically
Idealize	regard or represent as ideal or perfect.
Ideally	in ideal circumstances.
Ideally	according to an ideal.
Idée fixe	dominating idea; obsession.
Identical	absolutely alike.
Identical	one and the same.
Identical	developed from a single ovum.
Identification	identifying.
Identification	means of identifying (also
Identification	: identification card).
Identification parade	Group of people from whom a suspect is to be identified.
Identify	establish the identity of; recognize.
Identify	select or discover
Identify	associate inseparably or very closely
Identify	treat as identical.
Identify	put oneself in the place of
Identikit	(often
Identikit	) Propr. Picture of esp.
Identikit	wanted suspect assembled from standard components using witnesses' descriptions.
Identity	a condition of being a specified person or thing.
Identity	individuality, personality
Identity	identification or the result of it
Identity	absolute sameness
Identity	algebra a equality of two expressions for all values of the quantities.
Identity	equation expressing this.
Ideogram	Character symbolizing a thing without indicating the sounds in its name (e.g.
Ideogram	numeral, chinese characters).
Ideograph	Ideography
Ideologue	Often derog. Adherent of an ideology.
Ideology	ideas at the basis of an economic or political theory
Ideology	characteristic thinking of a class etc.
Ideology	Ideologically
Ideology	Ideologist
Ides	pl. Day of the ancient roman month (the
Ides	5th day of march, may, july, and october, the
Ides	3th of other months).
Idiocy	foolishness; foolish act.
Idiocy	extreme mental imbecility.
Idiom	phrase etc. Established by usage and not immediately comprehensible from the words used
Idiom	form of expression peculiar to a language etc.
Idiom	language of a people or country.
Idiom	characteristic mode of expression in art etc.
Idiomatic	relating or conforming to idiom.
Idiomatic	characteristic of a particular language.
Idiosyncrasy	attitude, behaviour, or opinion peculiar to a person; anything highly individual or eccentric.
Idiosyncrasy	Idiosyncratically
Idiot	stupid person.
Idiot	mentally deficient person incapable of rational conduct.
Idiot	Idiotically
Idle	lazy, indolent.
Idle	not in use; not working.
Idle	Unoccupied.
Idle	purposeless; groundless
Idle	useless, ineffective
Idle	be idle.
Idle	run
Idle	or
Idle	be run slowly without doing any work.
Idle	pass
Idle	In idleness.
Idle	Idler
Idle	Idly
Idol	image of a deity etc. As an object of worship.
Idol	object of excessive or supreme adulation.
Idolater	worshipper of idols.
Idolater	devoted admirer.
Idolater	Idolatry
Idolize	venerate or love excessively.
Idolize	make an idol of.
Idyll	short description, esp. In verse, of a peaceful or romantic, esp. Rural, scene or incident.
Idyll	such a scene or incident.
Idyllic	blissfully peaceful and happy.
Idyllic	of or like an idyll.
I.e.	That is to say.
If	introducing a conditional clause: a on the condition or supposition that; in the event that
If	implying that the condition is not fulfilled
If	even though
If	whenever
If	whether
If	expressing a wish, surprise, or request
If	Condition, supposition
If	even if for no other reason than
If	Expression of regret; i wish that
Iffy	Uncertain; dubious.
Igloo	Eskimo dome-shaped dwelling, esp. Of snow.
Igneous	of fire; fiery.
Igneous	volcanic.
Ignite	set fire to.
Ignite	catch fire.
Ignite	provoke or excite
Ignition	mechanism for, or the action of, starting combustion in an internal-combustion engine.
Ignition	igniting or being ignited.
Ignoble	dishonourable.
Ignoble	of low birth, position, or reputation.
Ignominious	Shameful, humiliating.
Ignominy	Dishonour, infamy.
Ignoramus	ignorant person.
Ignorance	Lack of knowledge.
Ignorant	lacking knowledge
Ignorant	Uncouth.
Ignore	refuse to take notice of; intentionally disregard.
Iguana	Large american, w. Indian, or pacific lizard with a dorsal crest.
Iguanodon	Large plant-eating dinosaur with small forelimbs.
Ikebana	Art of japanese flower arrangement.
Il- 	assim. Form of *in-1, *in-2 before l.
Ileum	third and last portion of the small intestine.
Ilex	tree or shrub of the genus including the common holly.
Ilex	holm-oak.
Iliac	Of the lower body
Ilk	, usu. Derog. Sort, family, class, etc.
Ilk	scot. Of the ancestral estate with the same name as the family
Ill	(attrib. Except in sense
Ill	(usu.
Ill	) Not in good health; unwell.
Ill	wretched, unfavourable
Ill	harmful
Ill	hostile, unkind
Ill	faulty, unskilful
Ill	improper.
Ill	badly, wrongly, imperfectly
Ill	scarcely
Ill	unfavourably
Ill	injury, harm.
Ill	evil.
I'll	I shall; i will.
Ill-advised	Foolish; imprudent.
Ill-assorted	Badly matched; mixed.
Ill-bred	Badly brought up; rude.
Ill-defined	Not clearly defined.
Ill-disposed	unfavourably disposed.
Ill-disposed	malevolent.
Illegal	not legal.
Illegal	criminal.
Illegal	. Illegally
Illegible	Not legible.
Illegible	Illegibly
Illegitimate	born of parents not married to each other.
Illegitimate	unlawful.
Illegitimate	improper.
Illegitimate	wrongly inferred.
Illegitimate	Illegitimately
Ill-fated	Destined to or bringing bad fortune.
Ill-favoured	Unattractive.
Ill-founded	Baseless.
Ill-gotten	Gained unlawfully or wickedly.
Ill health	Poor physical or mental condition.
Ill humour	Irritability.
Illiberal	intolerant, narrow-minded.
Illiberal	without liberal culture; vulgar.
Illiberal	stingy; mean.
Illiberal	Illiberally
Illicit	Unlawful, forbidden.
Illiterate	unable to read.
Illiterate	uneducated.
Illiterate	Illiterate person.
Illiterate	Illiterately
Ill-mannered	Having bad manners; rude.
Ill-natured	Churlish, unkind.
Illness	disease.
Illness	being ill.
Illogical	Devoid of or contrary to logic.
Illogical	. Illogically
Ill-omened	Doomed.
Ill-tempered	Morose, irritable.
Ill-timed	Done or occurring at an inappropriate time.
Ill-treat	Treat badly; abuse.
Illuminate	light up; make bright.
Illuminate	decorate
Illuminate	With lights.
Illuminate	decorate
Illuminate	With gold, colour, etc.
Illuminate	help to explain
Illuminate	enlighten spiritually or intellectually.
Illuminate	shed lustre on.
Illuminate	Illumination
Illuminate	Illuminative
Illumine	literary
Illumine	light up; make bright.
Illumine	enlighten.
Illusion	false impression or belief.
Illusion	state of being deceived by appearances.
Illusion	figment of the imagination.
Illusion	Illusory
Illusionist	Conjuror.
Illustrate	a provide
Illustrate	With pictures.
Illustrate	elucidate by drawings, pictures, examples, etc.
Illustrate	serve as an example of.
Illustration	drawing or picture in a book, magazine, etc.
Illustration	explanatory example.
Illustration	illustrating.
Illustrative	explanatory; exemplary.
Illustrious	Distinguished, renowned.
Ill will	Bad feeling; animosity.
Im- 	assim. Form of *in-1, *in-2 before b, m, or p.
I'm	I am.
Image	representation of an object, e.g.
Image	statue.
Image	reputation or persona of a person, company, etc.
Image	appearance as seen in a mirror or through a lens.
Image	mental picture or idea.
Image	simile or metaphor.
Image	make an image of; portray.
Image	reflect, mirror.
Image	describe or imagine vividly.
Imagery	figurative illustration, esp. In literature.
Imagery	images; statuary, carving.
Imagery	mental images collectively.
Imaginary	existing only in the imagination.
Imaginary	math. Being the square root of a negative quantity.
Imagination	mental faculty of forming images or concepts of objects or situations not existent or not directly experienced.
Imagination	mental creativity or resourcefulness.
Imaginative	Having or showing imagination.
Imaginative	Imaginativeness
Imagine	a form a mental image or concept of.
Imagine	picture to oneself.
Imagine	think of as probable
Imagine	guess
Imagine	suppose
Imago	fully developed stage of an insect, e.g.
Imago	butterfly.
Imam	leader of prayers in a mosque.
Imam	title of various muslim leaders.
Imbalance	lack of balance.
Imbalance	disproportion.
Imbecile	Stupid person.
Imbecile	person with a mental age of about five.
Imbecile	Mentally weak; stupid, idiotic.
Imbecile	Imbecility
Imbibe	drink
Imbibe	a assimilate
Imbibe	absorb
Imbibe	inhale
Imbroglio	confused or complicated situation.
Imbroglio	confused heap.
Imbue	inspire or permeate
Imbue	saturate.
Imbue	dye.
Imf	International monetary fund.
Imitate	follow the example of; copy.
Imitate	mimic.
Imitate	make a copy of.
Imitate	be like.
Imitate	Imitator
Imitation	imitating or being imitated.
Imitation	copy.
Imitation	counterfeit (often
Imitation	: imitation leather).
Imitative	imitating; following a model or example.
Imitative	reproducing a natural sound
Imitative	, or otherwise suggestive
Immaculate	perfectly clean and tidy.
Immaculate	perfect
Immaculate	innocent, faultless.
Immaculate	Immaculateness
Immaculate conception	Rc ch. Doctrine that the virgin mary was without original sin from conception.
Immanent	naturally present, inherent.
Immanent	omnipresent.
Immaterial	unimportant; irrelevant.
Immaterial	not material; incorporeal.
Immature	not mature.
Immature	undeveloped, esp. Emotionally.
Immature	unripe.
Immature	Immaturity
Immeasurable	Not measurable; immense.
Immediate	occurring or done at once
Immediate	nearest, next; direct
Immediate	most pressing or urgent
Immediate	Immediateness
Immediately	without pause or delay.
Immediately	without intermediary.
Immediately	As soon as.
Immemorial	Ancient beyond memory or record
Immense	extremely large; huge.
Immense	considerable
Immense	Immensity
Immensely	Very much
Immensely	to an immense degree
Immerse	dip, plunge.
Immerse	submerge
Immerse	absorb or involve deeply.
Immerse	bury, embed.
Immersion	immersing or being immersed.
Immersion	baptism by total bodily immersion.
Immersion	mental absorption.
Immersion heater	Electric device immersed in a liquid to heat it, esp. In a hot-water tank.
Immigrant	Person who immigrates.
Immigrant	immigrating.
Immigrant	of immigrants.
Immigrate	Come into a country and settle.
Imminent	Impending; about to happen
Imminent	Imminently
Immiscible	not able to be mixed.
Immobile	not moving.
Immobile	unable to move or be moved.
Immobilize	make or keep immobile.
Immobilize	keep
Immobilize	still for healing purposes.
Immoderate	Excessive; lacking moderation.
Immodest	lacking modesty; conceited.
Immodest	shameless, indecent.
Immodest	Immodesty
Immolate	kill or offer as a sacrifice.
Immoral	not conforming to accepted morality; morally wrong.
Immoral	sexually promiscuous or deviant.
Immoral	. Immorally
Immortal	a living for ever; not mortal.
Immortal	divine.
Immortal	unfading.
Immortal	famous for all time.
Immortal	a immortal being.
Immortal	) Gods of antiquity.
Immortal	person, esp. An author, remembered long after death.
Immortal	Immortalize
Immortal	. Immortally
Immovable	not able to be moved.
Immovable	steadfast, unyielding.
Immovable	emotionless.
Immovable	not subject to change
Immovable	motionless.
Immovable	consisting of land, houses, etc.
Immovable	Immovably
Immune	protected against infection through inoculation etc.
Immune	relating to immunity
Immune	exempt from or proof against a charge, duty, criticism, etc.
Immunity	ability of an organism to resist infection by means of antibodies and white blood cells.
Immunity	freedom or exemption.
Immunize	make immune, usu. By inoculation.
Immunodeficiency	Reduction in normal immune defences.
Immunoglobulin	Any of a group of related proteins functioning as antibodies.
Immunology	The study of immunity.
Immunology	Immunologist
Immunotherapy	Prevention or treatment of disease with substances that stimulate the immune response.
Immure	imprison.
Immure	refl. Shut oneself away.
Immutable	Unchangeable.
Immutable	Immutably
Imp	mischievous child.
Imp	small devil or sprite.
Impact	effect of sudden forcible contact between two solid bodies etc.; collision.
Impact	strong effect or impression.
Impact	press or fix firmly.
Impact	(as impacted
Impact	wedged between another tooth and the jaw.
Impact	have an impact on.
Impair	Damage, weaken.
Impala	small african antelope.
Impale	transfix or pierce with a sharp stake etc.
Impalpable	not easily grasped by the mind; intangible.
Impalpable	imperceptible to the touch.
Impalpable	very fine.
Impalpable	Impalpably
Impart	communicate
Impart	give a share of
Impartial	Treating all alike; unprejudiced, fair.
Impartial	Impartially
Impassable	Not able to be traversed.
Impassable	Impassableness
Impassable	Impassably
Impasse	Deadlock.
Impassible	impassive.
Impassible	incapable of feeling, emotion, or injury.
Impassible	Impassibly
Impassioned	Filled with passion; ardent.
Impassive	Incapable of or not showing emotion; serene.
Impassive	Impassiveness
Impassive	Impassivity
Impasto	Art technique of laying on paint thickly.
Impatiens	Any of several plants including the busy lizzie.
Impatient	lacking or showing a lack of patience or tolerance.
Impatient	restlessly eager.
Impatient	intolerant of.
Impatient	Impatiently
Impeach	charge with a crime against the state, esp. Treason.
Impeach	us charge
Impeach	with misconduct.
Impeach	call in question, disparage.
Impeach	Impeachment
Impeccable	Faultless, exemplary.
Impeccable	Impeccably
Impecunious	Having little or no money.
Impecunious	Impecuniousness
Impedance	Total effective resistance of an electric circuit etc. To an alternating current.
Impede	obstruct; hinder.
Impediment	hindrance or obstruction.
Impediment	speech defect, e.g.
Impediment	stammer.
Impedimenta	encumbrances.
Impedimenta	baggage, esp. Of an army.
Impel	drive, force, or urge.
Impel	propel.
Impend	Be threatening or imminent.
Impend	hang.
Impenetrable	not able to be penetrated.
Impenetrable	inscrutable.
Impenetrable	inaccessible to ideas, influences, etc.
Impenetrable	Impenetrableness
Impenetrable	Impenetrably
Impenitent	Not sorry, unrepentant.
Imperative	urgent; obligatory.
Imperative	commanding, peremptory.
Imperative	expressing a command
Imperative	Imperative mood.
Imperative	command.
Imperative	essential or urgent thing.
Imperceptible	not perceptible.
Imperceptible	very slight, gradual, or subtle.
Imperceptible	Imperceptibly
Imperfect	not perfect; faulty, incomplete.
Imperfect	denoting action in progress but not completed
Imperfect	Imperfect tense.
Imperfection	state of being imperfect.
Imperfection	fault, blemish.
Imperial	of or characteristic of an empire or similar sovereign state.
Imperial	a of an emperor.
Imperial	majestic, august; authoritative.
Imperial	statutory in the uk, esp. Formerly
Imperialism	imperial rule or system.
Imperialism	usu. Derog. Policy of dominating other nations by acquiring dependencies etc.
Imperialism	Imperialistic
Imperil	endanger.
Imperious	Overbearing, domineering.
Imperious	Imperiousness
Imperishable	Not able to perish, indestructible.
Impermanent	Not permanent.
Impermanent	Impermanency
Impermeable	Not permeable, not allowing fluids to pass through.
Impermissible	Not allowable.
Impersonal	without personal reference; objective, impartial.
Impersonal	without human attributes; cold, unfeeling.
Impersonal	used esp. With it as a subject
Impersonal	Impersonally
Impersonate	pretend to be
Impersonate	, esp. As entertainment or fraud.
Impersonate	act
Impersonate	Impersonator
Impertinent	insolent, disrespectful.
Impertinent	esp. Law irrelevant.
Impertinent	Impertinently
Imperturbable	Not excitable; calm.
Imperturbable	Imperturbably
Impervious	impermeable.
Impervious	not responsive
Impetigo	Contagious skin infection forming pimples and sores.
Impetuous	acting or done rashly or with sudden energy.
Impetuous	moving forcefully or rapidly.
Impetuous	Impetuously
Impetuous	Impetuousness
Impetus	force with which a body moves.
Impetus	driving force or impulse.
Impiety	lack of piety or reverence.
Impiety	act etc. Showing this.
Impinge	make an impact or effect.
Impinge	encroach.
Impious	not pious.
Impious	wicked, profane.
Impish	Of or like an imp; mischievous.
Impish	Impishness
Implacable	Unable to be appeased.
Implacable	Implacably
Implant	insert or fix.
Implant	instil
Implant	In a person's mind.
Implant	plant.
Implant	a insert
Implant	In a living body.
Implant	become attached to the wall of the womb.
Implant	Thing implanted, esp.
Implant	piece of tissue.
Implausible	Not plausible.
Implausible	Implausibly
Implement	Tool, instrument, utensil.
Implement	Put
Implement	Into effect.
Implicate	show
Implicate	to be involved
Implicate	imply.
Implication	thing implied.
Implication	implicating or implying.
Implicit	implied though not plainly expressed.
Implicit	absolute, unquestioning
Implode	burst inwards.
Implore	Entreat
Implore	beg earnestly for.
Imply	strongly suggest or insinuate without directly stating
Imply	signify, esp. As a consequence
Impolite	ill-mannered, uncivil, rude.
Impolite	Impoliteness
Impolitic	Inexpedient, unwise.
Imponderable	not able to be estimated.
Imponderable	very light; weightless.
Imponderable	(usu. In
Imponderable	) Imponderable thing.
Imponderable	Imponderably
Import	bring in
Import	to a country.
Import	imply, indicate, signify.
Import	(esp. In
Import	) Imported article or service.
Import	importing.
Import	what is implied; meaning.
Import	importance.
Import	Importer
Important	of great effect or consequence; momentous.
Important	having high rank or authority.
Important	pompous.
Important	Importantly
Importunate	Making persistent or pressing requests.
Importune	pester
Importune	with requests.
Importune	solicit as a prostitute.
Impose	lay
Impose	on.
Impose	enforce compliance with.
Impose	also refl.
Impose	Take advantage of
Impose	inflict
Impose	on.
Imposing	Impressive, formidable, esp. In appearance.
Imposition	imposing or being imposed.
Imposition	unfair demand or burden.
Imposition	tax, duty.
Impossible	not possible.
Impossible	Not easy, convenient, or believable.
Impossible	outrageous, intolerable.
Impossible	. Impossibly
Impost1	Tax, duty, or tribute.
Impost2	Upper course of a pillar, carrying an arch.
Impostor	person who assumes a false character or pretends to be someone else.
Impostor	swindler.
Imposture	Fraudulent deception.
Impotent	powerless, ineffective.
Impotent	unable to achieve an erection or orgasm.
Impound	confiscate.
Impound	take legal possession of.
Impound	shut up
Impound	in a pound.
Impoverish	Make poor.
Impracticable	Not practicable.
Impracticable	Impracticably
Impractical	not practical.
Impractical	esp. Us not practicable.
Imprecation	Formal oath, curse.
Imprecise	Not precise.
Imprecise	Impreciseness
Imprecise	Imprecision
Impregnable	Strong enough to be secure against attack.
Impregnable	Impregnably
Impregnate	fill or saturate.
Impregnate	imbue
Impregnate	a make
Impregnate	pregnant.
Impregnate	fertilize
Impresario	organizer of public entertainment, esp.
Impresario	theatrical etc. Manager.
Impress	a affect or influence deeply.
Impress	affect
Impress	favourably
Impress	emphasize
Impress	imprint or make
Impress	mark
Impress	with a stamp, seal, etc.
Impress	mark made by a seal, stamp, etc.
Impress	characteristic mark or quality.
Impression	effect
Impression	notion or belief
Impression	imitation of a person or sound, esp. As entertainment.
Impression	a impressing.
Impression	mark impressed.
Impressionable	Easily influenced.
Impressionable	Impressionably
Impressionism	style or movement in art concerned with conveying the effect of natural light on objects.
Impressionism	style of music or writing seeking to convey esp. Fleeting feelings or experience.
Impressionism	Impressionistic
Impressive	Arousing respect, approval, or admiration.
Impressive	Impressiveness
Imprimatur	rc ch. Licence to print
Imprimatur	official approval.
Imprint	impress firmly, esp. On the mind.
Imprint	make a stamp or impression of
Imprint	On a thing.
Imprint	make an impression on
Imprint	with a stamp etc.
Imprint	impression, stamp.
Imprint	printer's or publisher's name etc. Printed in a book.
Imprison	put in prison.
Imprison	confine.
Improbable	unlikely.
Improbable	difficult to believe.
Improbable	Improbably
Improbity	wickedness; dishonesty.
Improbity	wicked or dishonest act.
Impromptu	Extempore, unrehearsed.
Impromptu	extempore performance or speech.
Impromptu	short, usu. Solo, instrumental composition, often improvisatory in style.
Improper	unseemly; indecent.
Improper	inaccurate, wrong.
Improper fraction	Fraction in which the numerator is greater than or equal to the denominator.
Impropriety	lack of propriety; indecency.
Impropriety	instance of this.
Impropriety	incorrectness.
Improve	a make or become better.
Improve	produce something better than.
Improve	(as improving
Improve	) Giving moral benefit
Improve	Improvement
Improvident	lacking foresight.
Improvident	profligate; wasteful.
Improvident	incautious.
Improvident	Improvidently
Improvise	compose or perform
Improvise	Extempore.
Improvise	provide or construct from materials not intended for the purpose.
Improvise	Improvisational
Improvise	Improvisatory
Imprudent	Unwise, indiscreet.
Imprudent	Imprudently
Impudent	Impertinent.
Impudent	Impudently
Impugn	Challenge or call in question.
Impulse	sudden urge
Impulse	tendency to follow such urges
Impulse	impelling; a push.
Impulse	impetus.
Impulse	physics a large temporary force producing a change of momentum (e.g.
Impulse	hammer-blow).
Impulse	change of momentum so produced.
Impulse	wave of excitation in a nerve.
Impulse buying	Purchasing goods on impulse.
Impulsion	impelling.
Impulsion	mental impulse.
Impulsion	impetus.
Impulsive	tending to act on impulse.
Impulsive	done on impulse.
Impulsive	tending to impel.
Impulsive	Impulsiveness
Impunity	Exemption from punishment, bad consequences, etc.
Impure	adulterated.
Impure	dirty.
Impure	unchaste.
Impurity	being impure.
Impurity	impure thing or part.
Impute	attribute
Impute	To.
In	Indium.
In	expressing inclusion or position within limits of space, time, circumstance, etc. (in england; in bed; in
In	989; in the rain).
In	a within
In.	Inch
In-1 	added to:
In-1 	adjectives, meaning ‘not’
In-1 	nouns, meaning ‘without, lacking’
In-2 	in, on, into, towards, within
Inability	being unable.
Inability	lack of power or means.
In absentia	In
In absentia	absence.
Inaccessible	not accessible.
Inaccessible	unapproachable.
Inaccurate	Not accurate.
Inaccurate	. Inaccurately
Inaction	Lack of action.
Inactive	not active.
Inactive	not operating.
Inactive	indolent.
Inadequate	not adequate; insufficient.
Inadequate	incompetent; weak.
Inadequate	. Inadequately
Inadmissible	That cannot be admitted or allowed.
Inadmissible	Inadmissibly
Inadvertent	unintentional.
Inadvertent	negligent, inattentive.
Inadvertent	Inadvertently
Inadvisable	Not advisable.
Inalienable	That cannot be transferred to another or taken away
Inamorato	literary lover.
Inane	silly, senseless.
Inane	empty, void.
Inane	Inanity
Inanimate	not endowed with, or deprived of, animal life
Inanimate	spiritless, dull.
Inapplicable	not applicable or relevant.
Inapposite	Not apposite.
Inappropriate	Not appropriate.
Inappropriate	Inappropriateness
Inapt	not apt or suitable.
Inapt	unskilful.
Inarticulate	unable to express oneself clearly.
Inarticulate	not articulate; indistinct.
Inarticulate	dumb.
Inarticulate	esp. Anat. Not jointed.
Inasmuch	since, because.
Inasmuch	to the extent that.
Inattentive	not paying attention.
Inattentive	neglecting to show courtesy.
Inattentive	Inattentively
Inaudible	Unable to be heard.
Inaugural	Of or for an inauguration.
Inaugural	Inaugural speech, lecture, etc.
Inaugurate	admit formally to office.
Inaugurate	begin
Inaugurate	or initiate the public use of
Inaugurate	, with a ceremony.
Inaugurate	begin, introduce.
Inaugurate	Inaugurator
Inauspicious	ill-omened, not favourable.
Inauspicious	unlucky.
Inauspicious	Inauspiciousness
In-between	Intermediate.
Inboard	Within the sides or towards the centre of a ship, aircraft, or vehicle.
Inboard	Situated inboard.
Inborn	Existing from birth; natural, innate.
Inbred	inborn.
Inbred	produced by inbreeding.
Inbreeding	Breeding from closely related animals or persons.
Inbreeding	(past and
Inbreeding	-bred).
Inbuilt	Built-in.
Inc.	Us incorporated.
Inca	Member of a people of peru before the spanish conquest.
Incalculable	too great for calculation.
Incalculable	not calculable beforehand.
Incalculable	uncertain, unpredictable.
Incalculable	Incalculably
Incandesce	glow with heat.
Incandescent	glowing with heat.
Incandescent	shining.
Incandescent	produced by a glowing filament etc.
Incantation	Magical formula; spell, charm.
Incapable	a not capable.
Incapable	too honest, kind, etc., to do something
Incapable	not capable of rational conduct
Incapable	Incapably
Incapacitate	make incapable or unfit.
Incapacity	inability; lack of power.
Incapacity	legal disqualification.
Incarcerate	imprison.
Incarnate	Embodied in flesh, esp. In human form
Incarnate	embody in flesh.
Incarnate	put
Incarnate	Into concrete form.
Incarnate	be the living embodiment of
Incarnation	a embodiment in
Incarnation	flesh.
Incarnation	the embodiment of god in christ.
Incarnation	living type
Incautious	Heedless, rash.
Incendiary	designed to cause fires.
Incendiary	a of arson.
Incendiary	guilty of arson.
Incendiary	inflammatory.
Incendiary	incendiary bomb.
Incendiary	arsonist.
Incense1	gum or spice producing a sweet smell when burned.
Incense1	smoke of this, esp. In religious ceremonial.
Incense2	make angry.
Incense2	make angry.
Incentive	motive or incitement.
Incentive	payment or concession encouraging effort in work.
Incentive	Serving to motivate or incite
Inception	Beginning.
Inceptive	a beginning.
Inceptive	initial.
Inceptive	denoting the beginning of an action.
Incessant	Unceasing, continual, repeated.
Incest	Sexual intercourse between persons too closely related to marry.
Incestuous	of or guilty of incest.
Incestuous	having relationships restricted to a particular group or organization.
Inch	linear measure of
Inch	/12 of a foot
Inch	inch depth of water.
Inch	so many inches representing
Inch	mile.
Inch	small amount
Inch	Move gradually.
Inchoate	just begun.
Inchoate	undeveloped.
Incidence	range, scope, extent, or rate of occurrence or influence
Incidence	falling of a line, ray, particles, etc., on a surface.
Incidence	coming into contact with a thing.
Incident	occurrence, esp.
Incident	minor one.
Incident	public disturbance
Incident	clash of armed forces
Incident	distinct piece of action in a play, film, etc.
Incident	apt to occur; naturally attaching.
Incident	Falling.
Incidental	small and relatively unimportant, minor; supplementary.
Incidental	not essential.
Incidental	(usu. In
Incidental	) Minor detail, expense, event, etc.
Incidentally	by the way.
Incidentally	in an incidental way.
Incidental music	Background music in a film, broadcast, etc.
Incinerate	burn to ashes.
Incinerator	Furnace or device for incineration.
Incipient	beginning.
Incipient	in an early stage.
Incise	make a cut in.
Incise	engrave.
Incision	cutting, esp. By a surgeon.
Incision	cut made in this way.
Incisive	sharp.
Incisive	clear and effective.
Incisor	Cutting-tooth, esp. At the front of the mouth.
Incite	urge or stir up.
Incivility	rudeness.
Incivility	impolite act.
Inclement	severe or stormy.
Inclination	disposition or propensity.
Inclination	liking, affection.
Inclination	slope, slant.
Inclination	angle between lines.
Inclination	dip of a magnetic needle.
Inclination	slow nod of the head.
Incline	a dispose or influence
Incline	have a specified tendency
Incline	a be disposed
Incline	tend.
Incline	lean, usu. From the vertical; slope.
Incline	bend forward or downward.
Incline	Slope.
Inclined plane	Sloping plane used e.g. To reduce work in raising a load.
Include	comprise or reckon in as part of a whole.
Include	(as including
Include	) If we include
Include	put in a certain category etc.
Inclusive	including.
Inclusive	including the limits stated (pages
Inclusive	6 inclusive).
Inclusive	including all or much
Inclusive	Inclusiveness
Incognito	With one's name or identity kept secret.
Incognito	person who is incognito.
Incognito	pretended identity.
Incognizant	Formal unaware.
Incoherent	unintelligible.
Incoherent	lacking logic or consistency; not clear.
Incoherent	Incoherently
Incombustible	That cannot be burnt.
Income	Money received, esp. Periodically or in a year, from one's work, investments, etc.
Income tax	Tax levied on income.
Incoming	coming in
Incoming	succeeding another
Incoming	(usu. In
Incoming	) Revenue, income.
Incommensurable	not commensurable.
Incommensurable	having no common factor, integral or fractional.
Incommensurate	out of proportion; inadequate.
Incommode	formal
Incommode	inconvenience.
Incommode	trouble, annoy.
Incommodious	Formal too small for comfort; inconvenient.
Incommunicable	That cannot be communicated.
Incommunicado	without means of communication.
Incommunicado	in solitary confinement.
Incommunicative	Uncommunicative.
Incomparable	Without an equal; matchless.
Incomparable	Incomparably
Incompatible	Not compatible.
Incompetent	Lacking the necessary skill.
Incompetent	Incompetent person.
Incomplete	Not complete.
Incomprehensible	That cannot be understood.
Incomprehension	Failure to understand.
Inconceivable	that cannot be imagined.
Inconceivable	Most unlikely.
Inconclusive	not decisive or convincing.
Incongruous	out of place; absurd.
Incongruous	out of keeping.
Incongruous	. Incongruously
Inconsequent	irrelevant.
Inconsequent	lacking logical sequence.
Inconsequent	disconnected.
Inconsequential	unimportant.
Inconsiderable	of small size, value, etc.
Inconsiderable	not worth considering.
Inconsiderate	lacking regard for others; thoughtless.
Inconsiderate	Inconsiderateness
Inconsistent	Not consistent.
Inconsistent	. Inconsistently
Inconsolable	That cannot be consoled.
Inconspicuous	Not conspicuous; not easily noticed.
Inconspicuous	Inconspicuousness
Inconstant	fickle, changeable.
Inconstant	variable, not fixed.
Incontestable	That cannot be disputed.
Incontinent	unable to control the bowels or bladder.
Incontinent	lacking self-restraint
Incontrovertible	Indisputable, undeniable.
Inconvenience	lack of ease or comfort; trouble.
Inconvenience	cause or instance of this.
Inconvenience	cause inconvenience to.
Inconvenient	Causing trouble, difficulty, or discomfort; awkward.
Incorporate	include as a part or ingredient
Incorporate	unite
Incorporate	admit as a member of a company etc.
Incorporate	(esp. As incorporated
Incorporate	) Form into a legal corporation.
Incorporate	Incorporated.
Incorporeal	Without physical or material existence.
Incorporeal	Incorporeity
Incorrect	not correct or true.
Incorrect	improper, unsuitable.
Incorrigible	that cannot be corrected or improved.
Incorrigible	Incorrigibly
Incorruptible	that cannot be corrupted, esp. By bribery.
Incorruptible	that cannot decay.
Incorruptible	Incorruptibly
Increase	make or become greater or more numerous.
Increase	growth, enlargement.
Increase	multiplication.
Increase	amount or extent of an increase.
Increasingly	More and more.
Incredible	that cannot be believed.
Incredible	Amazing, extremely good.
Incredible	Incredibly
Incredulous	Unwilling to believe; showing disbelief.
Incredulous	Incredulously
Increment	Increase or added amount, esp. On a fixed salary scale.
Incriminate	make
Incriminate	appear to be guilty.
Incriminate	charge with a crime.
Incriminate	Incriminatory
Incrustation	encrusting.
Incrustation	crust or hard coating.
Incrustation	deposit on a surface.
Incubate	hatch
Incubate	by sitting on them or by artificial heat.
Incubate	cause
Incubate	to develop.
Incubate	develop slowly.
Incubation	incubating.
Incubation	period between infection and the appearance of the first symptoms.
Incubator	Apparatus providing artificial warmth for hatching eggs, rearing premature babies, or developing micro-organisms.
Incubus	demon formerly believed to have sexual intercourse with sleeping women.
Incubus	nightmare.
Incubus	oppressive person or thing.
Inculcate	urge or impress
Inculcate	persistently.
Incumbency	office or tenure of an incumbent.
Incumbent	resting as a duty
Incumbent	lying, pressing.
Incumbent	currently holding office
Incumbent	Holder of an office or post, esp.
Incumbent	benefice.
Incunabulum	early printed book, esp. From before
Incunabulum	501.
Incunabulum	(in
Incunabulum	) Early stages of a thing.
Incur	bring on oneself
Incurable	That cannot be cured.
Incurable	Incurable person.
Incurable	Incurably
Incurious	Lacking curiosity.
Incursion	Invasion or attack, esp. Sudden or brief.
Incurve	bend into a curve.
Incurve	(as incurved
Incurve	) Curved inwards.
Indebted	owing gratitude or money.
Indecent	offending against decency.
Indecent	unbecoming; unsuitable
Indecent	. Indecently
Indecent assault	Sexual attack not involving rape.
Indecent exposure	Exposing one's genitals in public.
Indecipherable	That cannot be deciphered.
Indecision	Inability to decide; hesitation.
Indecisive	not decisive; hesitating.
Indecisive	not conclusive
Indecisive	Indecisiveness
Indeclinable	That cannot be declined; having no inflections.
Indecorous	improper, undignified.
Indecorous	in bad taste.
Indeed	in truth; really.
Indeed	admittedly.
Indeed	Expressing irony, incredulity, etc.
Indefatigable	Unwearying, unremitting.
Indefeasible	Literary
Indefeasible	That cannot be forfeited or annulled.
Indefensible	That cannot be defended or justified.
Indefensible	Indefensibly
Indefinable	That cannot be defined; mysterious.
Indefinite	vague, undefined.
Indefinite	unlimited.
Indefinite	not determining the person etc. Referred to
Indefinite article	Word
Indefinite article	preceding a noun and implying ‘any of several’.
Indefinitely	for an unlimited time
Indefinitely	in an indefinite manner.
Indelible	That cannot be rubbed out or removed.
Indelicate	, unrefined.
Indelicate	tactless.
Indelicate	. Indelicately
Indemnify	secure
Indemnify	in respect of harm, a loss, etc.
Indemnify	exempt from a penalty.
Indemnify	compensate.
Indemnity	a compensation for damage.
Indemnity	sum exacted by a victor in war.
Indemnity	security against loss.
Indemnity	exemption from penalties.
Indent	make or impress marks, notches, dents, etc. In.
Indent	start
Indent	further from the margin than others.
Indent	draw up
Indent	in duplicate.
Indent	make a requisition.
Indent	order
Indent	by requisition.
Indent	a order
Indent	for goods.
Indent	official requisition for stores.
Indent	indented line.
Indent	indentation.
Indent	indenture.
Indentation	indenting or being indented.
Indentation	notch.
Indention	indenting, esp. In printing.
Indention	notch.
Indenture	(usu. In
Indenture	) Sealed agreement or contract.
Indenture	formal list, certificate, etc.
Indenture	hist. Bind by indentures, esp. As an apprentice.
Independent	not depending on authority or control.
Independent	self-governing.
Independent	a not depending on another person for one's opinions or livelihood.
Independent	making it unnecessary to earn one's living.
Independent	unwilling to be under an obligation to others.
Independent	acting independently of any political party.
Independent	not depending on something else for its validity etc.
Independent	Not supported by public funds.
Independent	Person who is politically independent.
Independent	Independently
In-depth	Thorough.
Indescribable	too good or bad etc. To be described.
Indescribable	that cannot be described.
Indestructible	That cannot be destroyed.
Indestructible	Indestructibly
Indeterminable	That cannot be ascertained or settled.
Indeterminate	not fixed in extent, character, etc.
Indeterminate	left doubtful; vague.
Indeterminate	math. Of no fixed value.
Indeterminate vowel	Vowel heard in ‘a moment ago’.
Index	alphabetical list of subjects etc. With references, usu. At the end of a book.
Index	measure of prices or wages compared with a previous month, year, etc.
Index	math. Exponent of a number.
Index	pointer, sign, or indicator.
Index	provide
Index	With an index.
Index	enter in an index.
Index	relate
Index	To a price index.
Index	(in sense
Index finger	Forefinger.
Index-linked	Related to the value of a price index.
Indiaman	hist. Ship engaged in trade with india or the east indies.
Indian	a native or national of india.
Indian	person of indian descent.
Indian	a original inhabitant of america.
Indian	any of the languages of the american indians.
Indian	of india or the subcontinent comprising india, pakistan, and bangladesh.
Indian	of the original peoples of america.
Indian corn	Maize.
Indian elephant	The elephant of india, smaller than the african elephant.
Indian ink	black pigment.
Indian ink	ink made from this.
Indian summer	dry warm weather in late autumn.
Indian summer	late tranquil period of life.
Indiarubber	Rubber for erasing pencil marks etc.
Indicate	point out; make known.
Indicate	be a sign of; show the presence of.
Indicate	call for; require
Indicate	state briefly.
Indicate	give as a reading or measurement.
Indicate	point by hand; use a vehicle's indicator
Indicative	suggestive; serving as an indication.
Indicative	stating a fact.
Indicative	indicative mood.
Indicative	verb in this mood.
Indicator	flashing light on a vehicle showing the direction in which it is about to turn.
Indicator	person or thing that indicates.
Indicator	device indicating the condition of a machine etc.
Indicator	recording instrument.
Indicator	board giving information, esp. Times of trains etc.
Indicatory	indicative.
Indices	Of *index.
Indict	Accuse formally by legal process.
Indictable	making the doer liable to be charged with a crime.
Indictable	so liable.
Indictment	a indicting, accusation.
Indictment	document containing this.
Indictment	thing that serves to condemn or censure
Indie	independent, not belonging to one of the major companies.
Indie	Such a group or label.
Indifference	lack of interest or attention.
Indifference	unimportance.
Indifferent	showing indifference or lack of interest.
Indifferent	neither good nor bad.
Indifferent	of poor quality or ability.
Indigenous	native or belonging naturally to a place.
Indigent	Formal needy, poor.
Indigestible	difficult or impossible to digest.
Indigestible	too complex to read or understand.
Indigestion	difficulty in digesting food.
Indigestion	pain caused by this.
Indignant	Feeling or showing indignation.
Indignation	Anger at supposed injustice etc.
Indignity	humiliating treatment or quality.
Indignity	insult.
Indigo	colour between blue and violet in the spectrum.
Indigo	dye of this colour.
Indirect	not going straight to the point.
Indirect	Not straight.
Indirect	a not directly sought
Indirect	not primary
Indirect object	Person or thing affected by a verbal action but not primarily acted on
Indirect question	Question in indirect speech.
Indirect tax	Tax on goods and services, not on income or profits.
Indiscernible	That cannot be discerned.
Indiscipline	Lack of discipline.
Indiscreet	not discreet.
Indiscreet	injudicious, unwary.
Indiscretion	Indiscreet conduct or action.
Indiscriminate	Making no distinctions; done or acting at random
Indispensable	That cannot be dispensed with; necessary.
Indispensable	Indispensably
Indisposed	slightly unwell.
Indisposed	averse or unwilling.
Indisputable	That cannot be disputed.
Indissoluble	that cannot be dissolved or broken up.
Indissoluble	firm and lasting.
Indistinct	not distinct.
Indistinct	confused, obscure.
Indistinguishable	not distinguishable.
Indite	formal or joc.
Indite	put
Indite	Into words.
Indite	write
Indium	Soft silvery-white metallic element occurring in zinc ores.
Individual	of, for, or characteristic of, a single person etc.
Individual	a single
Individual	particular; not general.
Individual	having a distinct character.
Individual	designed for use by one person.
Individual	single member of a class.
Individual	single human being.
Individual	Person
Individual	distinctive person.
Individualism	social theory favouring free action by individuals.
Individualism	being independent or different.
Individualism	Individualistic
Individuality	individual character, esp. When strongly marked.
Individuality	separate existence.
Individualize	give an individual character to.
Individualize	(esp. As individualized
Individualize	) Personalize
Individually	one by one.
Individually	personally.
Individually	distinctively.
Indivisible	Not divisible.
Indo-	Form indian; indian and.
Indoctrinate	teach to accept a particular belief uncritically.
Indo-european	of the family of languages spoken over most of europe and asia as far as
Indo-european	India.
Indo-european	of the hypothetical parent language of this family.
Indo-european	indo-european family of languages.
Indo-european	hypothetical parent language of these.
Indolent	Lazy; averse to exertion.
Indolent	Indolently
Indomitable	unconquerable.
Indomitable	unyielding.
Indoor	Of, done, or for use in a building or under cover.
Indoors	Into or in a building.
Indrawn	Drawn in.
Indubitable	That cannot be doubted.
Induce	prevail on; persuade.
Induce	bring about.
Induce	a bring on
Induce	artificially.
Induce	bring on labour in
Induce	speed up the birth of
Induce	produce
Induce	by induction.
Induce	infer; deduce.
Inducement	Attractive offer; incentive; bribe.
Induct	introduce into office, install
Induct	lead
Induct	; install.
Inductance	Property of an electric circuit generating an electromotive force by virtue of the current flowing through it.
Induction	act of inducting or inducing.
Induction	act of bringing on
Induction	by artificial means.
Induction	inference of a general law from particular instances.
Induction	(often
Induction	) Formal introduction to a new job etc.
Induction	electr.
Induction	production of an electric or magnetic state by the proximity
Induction	of an electrified or magnetized body.
Induction	production of an electric current by a change of magnetic field.
Induction	drawing of the fuel mixture into the cylinders of an internal-combustion engine.
Inductive	Based on induction.
Inductive	of electric or magnetic induction.
Inductor	Component
Inductor	having inductance.
Indulge	take pleasure freely.
Indulge	yield freely to
Indulge	Gratify the wishes of.
Indulge	Take alcoholic liquor.
Indulgence	indulging or being indulgent.
Indulgence	thing indulged in.
Indulgence	rc ch. Remission of punishment still due after absolution.
Indulgence	privilege granted.
Indulgent	lenient; ready to overlook faults etc.
Indulgent	indulging.
Industrial	of, engaged in, or for use in or serving the needs of industries.
Industrial	Having developed industries.
Industrial action	Strike or other disruptive action by workers as a protest.
Industrial estate	Area of land zoned for factories etc.
Industrialism	System in which manufacturing industries are prevalent.
Industrialist	Owner or manager in industry.
Industrialize	make
Industrialize	Industrial.
Industrial relations	pl. Relations between management and workers.
Industrious	Hard-working.
Industry	a branch of production or manufacture; commercial enterprise.
Industry	these collectively.
Industry	concerted activity
Industry	diligence.
-ine	forming adjectives, meaning ‘belonging to, of the nature of’
-ine	forming feminine nouns
Inebriate	make drunk.
Inebriate	excite.
Inebriate	Drunken.
Inebriate	Drunkard.
Inebriate	Inebriety
Inedible	Not suitable for eating.
Ineducable	Incapable of being educated.
Ineffable	too great for description in words.
Ineffable	that must not be uttered.
Ineffable	Ineffably
Ineffective	Not achieving the desired effect or results.
Ineffective	Ineffectiveness
Ineffectual	Ineffective, feeble.
Ineffectual	Ineffectualness
Inefficient	not efficient or fully capable.
Inefficient	Wasteful.
Inefficient	Inefficiently
Inelegant	ungraceful.
Inelegant	unrefined.
Inelegant	Inelegantly
Ineligible	Not eligible or qualified.
Ineluctable	Inescapable, unavoidable.
Inept	unskilful.
Inept	absurd, silly.
Inept	out of place.
Inept	Ineptly
Inequable	unfair.
Inequable	not uniform.
Inequality	lack of equality.
Inequality	variability.
Inequality	unevenness.
Inequitable	Unfair, unjust.
Inequity	unfairness, injustice.
Ineradicable	That cannot be rooted out.
Inert	without inherent power of action, motion, or resistance.
Inert	not reacting chemically with other substances
Inert	sluggish, slow; lifeless.
Inertia	physics property of matter by which it continues in its existing state of rest or motion unless an external force is applied.
Inertia	a inertness, lethargy.
Inertia	tendency to remain unchanged
Inertia reel	Reel allowing a seat-belt to unwind freely but locking on impact etc.
Inertia selling	Sending of unsolicited goods in the hope of making a sale.
Inescapable	That cannot be escaped or avoided.
Inessential	Not necessary; dispensable.
Inessential	Inessential thing.
Inestimable	Too great, precious, etc., to be estimated.
Inevitable	unavoidable; sure to happen.
Inevitable	Tiresomely familiar.
Inevitable	inevitable fact, event, etc.
Inevitable	Inevitably
Inexact	Not exact.
Inexact	Inexactly
Inexcusable	That cannot be excused or justified.
Inexhaustible	That cannot be used up, endless.
Inexorable	Relentless; unstoppable.
Inexpedient	Not expedient.
Inexpensive	Not expensive.
Inexperience	Lack of experience, knowledge, or skill.
Inexpert	Unskilful; lacking expertise.
Inexpiable	That cannot be expiated or appeased.
Inexplicable	That cannot be explained.
Inexpressible	That cannot be expressed.
Inextinguishable	That cannot be extinguished or destroyed.
In extremis	at the point of death.
In extremis	in great difficulties; in an emergency.
Inextricable	inescapable.
Inextricable	that cannot be separated, loosened, or solved.
Inf	Intermediate-range nuclear forces.
Infallible	incapable of error.
Infallible	unfailing; sure to succeed.
Infallible	incapable of doctrinal error.
Infallible	Infallibly
Infamous	Notoriously bad.
Infamous	Infamy
Infant	a child during the earliest period of its life.
Infant	schoolchild below the age of seven years.
Infant	(esp.
Infant	) Thing in an early stage of its development.
Infant	law person under
Infanta	Hist. Daughter of a spanish or portuguese king.
Infanticide	killing of an infant, esp. Soon after birth.
Infanticide	person who kills an infant.
Infantile	of or like infants.
Infantile	childish, immature.
Infantile paralysis	Poliomyelitis.
Infantry	body of foot-soldiers; foot-soldiers collectively.
Infantryman	Soldier of an infantry regiment.
Infarct	Small area of dead tissue caused by an inadequate blood supply.
Infatuate	(usu. As infatuated
Infatuate	inspire with intense usu. Transitory fondness or admiration.
Infatuate	affect with extreme folly.
Infect	affect or contaminate with a germ, virus, or disease.
Infect	imbue, taint.
Infection	a infecting or being infected.
Infection	instance of this; disease.
Infection	communication of disease, esp. By air, water, etc.
Infectious	infecting.
Infectious	transmissible by infection.
Infectious	Quickly affecting or spreading to others.
Infectious	Infectiousness
Infelicity	inapt expression etc.
Infelicity	unhappiness.
Infer	deduce or conclude.
Infer	imply.
Inference	act of inferring.
Inference	thing inferred.
Inferior	lower in rank, quality, etc.
Inferior	of poor quality.
Inferior	situated below.
Inferior	written or printed below the line.
Inferior	Person inferior to another, esp. In rank.
Inferiority	Being inferior.
Inferiority complex	Feeling of inadequacy, sometimes marked by compensating aggressive behaviour.
Infernal	of hell; hellish.
Infernal	Detestable, tiresome.
Inferno	raging fire.
Inferno	scene of horror or distress.
Inferno	hell.
Infertile	not fertile.
Infertile	unable to have offspring.
Infest	overrun
Infidel	Unbeliever in esp. The supposed true religion.
Infidel	of infidels.
Infidel	unbelieving.
Infidelity	unfaithfulness, esp. Adultery.
Infield	Cricket the part of the ground near the wicket.
Infighting	conflict or competitiveness between colleagues.
Infighting	boxing within arm's length.
Infill	material used to fill a hole, gap, etc.
Infill	filling gaps
Infill	Fill in
Infiltrate	a enter
Infiltrate	Gradually and imperceptibly.
Infiltrate	cause to do this.
Infiltrate	permeate by filtration.
Infiltrate	introduce
Infiltrate	by filtration.
Infiltrate	Infiltrator
Infinite	boundless, endless.
Infinite	very great or many.
Infinite	god.
Infinite	infinite space.
Infinitesimal	Infinitely or very small.
Infinitesimal	Infinitesimal amount.
Infinitive	Form of a verb expressing the verbal notion without a particular subject, tense, etc.
Infinitive	Having this form.
Infinitude	Literary
Infinity	being infinite; boundlessness.
Infinity	infinite number or extent.
Infinity	infinite distance
Infinity	math. Infinite quantity.
Infirm	Physically weak, esp. Through age.
Infirmary	hospital.
Infirmary	sick-quarters in a school etc.
Infirmity	being infirm.
Infirmity	particular physical weakness.
Infix	Fasten or fix in.
In flagrante delicto	In the very act of committing an offence.
Inflame	provoke to strong feeling, esp. Anger.
Inflame	cause inflammation in; make hot.
Inflame	aggravate.
Inflame	catch or set on fire.
Inflame	light up with or as with flames.
Inflammable	Easily set on fire or excited.
Inflammation	inflaming.
Inflammation	bodily condition with heat, swelling, redness, and usu. Pain.
Inflammatory	tending to cause anger etc.
Inflammatory	of inflammation.
Inflatable	That can be inflated.
Inflatable	Inflatable object.
Inflate	distend with air or gas.
Inflate	puff up
Inflate	a cause inflation of
Inflate	raise
Inflate	artificially.
Inflate	(as inflated
Inflate	Bombastic, overblown, exaggerated.
Inflation	inflating.
Inflation	econ.
Inflation	general increase in prices.
Inflation	increase in the supply of money regarded as causing this.
Inflect	change the pitch of
Inflect	a change the form of
Inflect	to express grammatical relation.
Inflect	undergo such a change.
Inflect	bend, curve.
Inflection	inflecting or being inflected.
Inflection	a inflected word. B
Inflection	etc. Used to inflect.
Inflection	modulation of the voice.
Inflexible	unbendable.
Inflexible	unbending.
Inflexible	Inflexibly
Inflict	deal
Inflict	often joc. Impose
Inflict	On
Inflict	Inflictor
Inflight	Occurring or provided during a flight.
Inflorescence	a complete flower-head of a plant.
Inflorescence	arrangement of this.
Inflorescence	flowering.
Inflow	flowing in.
Inflow	something that flows in.
Influence	effect a person or thing has on another.
Influence	moral ascendancy or power.
Influence	thing or person exercising this.
Influence	exert influence on; affect.
Influence	Drunk.
Influential	Having great influence.
Influenza	Virus infection causing fever, aches, and catarrh.
Influx	Flowing in, esp. Of people or things into a place.
Info	Information.
Inform	tell
Inform	give incriminating information about a person to the authorities.
Informal	without formality.
Informal	not formal.
Informal	. Informally
Informant	Giver of information.
Information	a something told; knowledge.
Information	items of knowledge; news.
Information	charge or complaint lodged with a court etc.
Information retrieval	The tracing of information stored in books, computers, etc.
Information technology	The study or use of processes
Information technology	For storing, retrieving, and sending information.
Informative	Giving information; instructive.
Informed	knowing the facts.
Informed	having some knowledge.
Informer	Person who informs, esp. Against others.
Infra	Below, further on
Infra-	Form below.
Infraction	Infringement.
Infra dig	Beneath one's dignity.
Infrared	Of or using rays with a wavelength just longer than the red end of the visible spectrum.
Infrastructure	a basic structural foundations of a society or enterprise.
Infrastructure	roads, bridges, sewers, etc., regarded as a country's economic foundation.
Infrastructure	permanent installations as a basis for military etc. Operations.
Infrequent	Not frequent.
Infringe	break or violate
Infringe	encroach; trespass.
Infuriate	Make furious; irritate greatly.
Infuriate	Infuriatingly
Infuse	fill
Infuse	steep
Infuse	In liquid to extract the content; be steeped thus.
Infuse	instil
Infusible	That cannot be melted.
Infusion	a infusing.
Infusion	liquid extract obtained thus.
Infusion	infused element.
-ing1	forming nouns from verbs denoting:
-ing1	verbal action or its result
-ing1	material associated with a process etc.
-ing1	occupation or event
-ing2	forming the present participle of verbs
-ing2	, often as adjectives
-ing2	forming adjectives from nouns
-ing2	and verbs
Ingenious	clever at inventing, organizing, etc.
Ingenious	cleverly contrived.
Ingénue	unsophisticated young woman.
Ingénue	such a part in a play.
Ingenuity	Inventiveness, cleverness.
Ingenuous	artless.
Ingenuous	frank.
Ingest	take in
Ingest	absorb
Inglenook	Space within the opening on either side of a large fireplace.
Inglorious	shameful.
Inglorious	not famous.
Ingoing	Going in.
Ingot	piece of cast metal, esp. Gold.
Ingrained	deeply rooted; inveterate.
Ingrained	Deeply embedded.
Ingratiate	refl.
Ingratiate	bring oneself into favour.
Ingratiate	Ingratiatingly
Ingratitude	Lack of due gratitude.
Ingredient	Component part in a mixture.
Ingress	Act or right of going in.
Ingrowing	growing into the flesh.
Inguinal	Of the groin.
Inhabit	dwell in; occupy.
Inhabitant	Person etc. Who inhabits a place.
Inhalant	Medicinal substance for inhaling.
Inhale	Breathe in
Inhaler	Device for administering an inhalant, esp. To relieve asthma.
Inhere	be inherent.
Inherent	existing in something as an essential or permanent attribute.
Inherent	Inherently
Inherit	receive
Inherit	By legal succession.
Inherit	derive
Inherit	from one's ancestors.
Inherit	derive
Inherit	From a predecessor.
Inherit	Inheritor
Inheritance	thing that is inherited.
Inheritance	inheriting.
Inheritance tax	Tax levied on property acquired by gift or inheritance.
Inhibit	hinder, restrain, or prevent
Inhibit	(as inhibited
Inhibit	) Suffering from inhibition.
Inhibit	prohibit
Inhibition	psychol. Restraint on the direct expression of an instinct.
Inhibition	Emotional resistance to a thought, action, etc.
Inhibition	inhibiting or being inhibited.
Inhospitable	not hospitable.
Inhospitable	Not affording shelter, favourable conditions, etc.
In-house	Within an institution, company, etc.
Inhuman	Brutal; unfeeling; barbarous.
Inhuman	. Inhumanly
Inimical	hostile.
Inimical	harmful.
Inimitable	Impossible to imitate.
Iniquity	wickedness.
Iniquity	gross injustice.
Initial	Of or at the beginning.
Initial	Initial letter, esp. (in
Initial	) Those of a person's names.
Initial	mark or sign with one's initials.
Initial letter	First letter of a word.
Initiate	begin; set going; originate.
Initiate	a admit
Initiate	into a society, office, etc., esp. With a ritual.
Initiate	instruct
Initiate	in a subject.
Initiate	initiated person.
Initiate	Initiator
Initiate	Initiatory
Initiative	ability to initiate things; enterprise
Initiative	first step.
Initiative	power or right to begin.
Inject	drive
Inject	By or as if by a syringe.
Inject	fill
Inject	By injecting.
Inject	administer medicine etc. To
Inject	by injection.
Inject	place
Inject	Into something.
Inject	Injector
Injudicious	Unwise; ill-judged.
Injunction	authoritative order.
Injunction	judicial order restraining a person or body from an act, or compelling redress to an injured party.
Injure	harm or damage.
Injure	do wrong to.
Injured	harmed or hurt.
Injured	offended.
Injurious	hurtful.
Injurious	insulting.
Injurious	wrongful.
Injury	physical harm or damage.
Injury	offence to feelings etc.
Injury	esp. Law wrongful action or treatment.
Injury time	Extra playing-time at a football etc. Match to compensate for time lost in dealing with injuries.
Injustice	lack of fairness.
Injustice	unjust act.
Ink	coloured fluid or paste used for writing, printing, etc.
Ink	black liquid ejected by a cuttlefish etc.
Ink	Mark with ink.
Ink	cover
Ink	With ink.
Inkling	slight knowledge or suspicion; hint.
Inkstand	Stand for one or more ink bottles.
Ink-well	Pot for ink, usu. Housed in a hole in a desk.
Inky	of, as black as, or stained with ink.
Inland	in the interior of a country.
Inland	carried on within a country.
Inland	In or towards the interior of a country.
Inland revenue	Government department assessing and collecting taxes.
In-law	(often in
In-law	) Relative by marriage.
Inlay	(past and
Inlay	Inlaid)
Inlay	embed
Inlay	so that the surfaces are even.
Inlay	decorate
Inlay	inlaid work.
Inlay	material inlaid.
Inlay	filling shaped to fit a tooth-cavity.
Inlet	small arm of the sea, a lake, or a river.
Inlet	piece inserted.
Inlet	way of entry.
In loco parentis	for or instead of a parent.
Inmate	Occupant of a hospital, prison, institution, etc.
In memoriam	In memory of
Inmost	Most inward.
Inn	pub, sometimes with accommodation.
Inn	hist. House providing accommodation, esp. For travellers.
Innards	Entrails.
Innate	Inborn; natural.
Inner	(usu.
Inner	inside; interior.
Inner	Deeper.
Inner	Archery
Inner	division of the target next to the bull's-eye.
Inner	shot striking this.
Inner city	Central area of a city, esp. Regarded as having particular problems
Inner city	: inner-city housing).
Inner man	soul or mind.
Inner man	joc. Stomach.
Inner tube	Separate inflatable tube inside a pneumatic tyre.
Innings	esp. Cricket part of a game during which a side is batting.
Innings	period during which a government, party, person, etc. Is in office or can achieve something.
Innkeeper	Person who keeps an inn.
Innocent	free from moral wrong.
Innocent	not guilty
Innocent	simple; guileless.
Innocent	harmless.
Innocent	Innocent person, esp.
Innocent	young child.
Innocent	Innocently
Innocuous	Harmless.
Inn of court	Each of the four legal societies admitting people to the english bar.
Innovate	bring in new methods, ideas, etc.; make changes.
Innovate	Innovative
Innovate	Innovator
Innovate	Innovatory
Innuendo	allusive remark or hint, usu. Disparaging or with a double meaning.
Innumerable	Too many to be counted.
Innumerate	Having no knowledge of basic mathematics.
Inoculate	treat
Inoculate	with vaccine or serum to promote immunity against a disease.
Inoffensive	Not objectionable; harmless.
Inoperable	Surgery that cannot successfully be operated on.
Inoperative	Not working or taking effect.
Inopportune	Not appropriate, esp. Not timely.
Inordinate	Excessive.
Inorganic	chem.
Inorganic	not organic, usu. Of mineral origin.
Inorganic	without organized physical structure.
Inorganic	extraneous.
In-patient	Patient who lives in hospital while under treatment.
Input	what is put in or taken in.
Input	place where energy, information, etc., enters a system.
Input	action of putting in or feeding in.
Input	contribution of information etc.
Input	(inputting; past and
Input	Input or inputted)
Input	put in.
Input	supply
Inquest	law inquiry by a coroner's court into the cause of a death.
Inquest	Discussion analysing the outcome of a game, election, etc.
Inquietude	Uneasiness.
Inquire	seek information formally; make a formal investigation.
Inquiry	investigation, esp. An official one.
Inquisition	intensive search or investigation.
Inquisition	judicial or official inquiry.
Inquisition	rc ch. Hist. Ecclesiastical tribunal for the violent suppression of heresy, esp. In spain.
Inquisitive	unduly curious; prying.
Inquisitive	seeking knowledge.
Inquisitive	Inquisitiveness
Inquisitor	official investigator.
Inquisitor	hist. Officer of the inquisition.
Inquisitorial	of or like an inquisitor.
Inquisitorial	prying.
Inquorate	Not constituting a quorum.
Inri	Jesus of nazareth, king of the jews.
Inroad	(often in
Inroad	) Encroachment; using up of resources etc.
Inroad	hostile attack.
Inrush	Rapid influx.
Insalubrious	unhealthy.
Insane	mad.
Insane	Extremely foolish.
Insane	Insanity
Insanitary	Not sanitary; dirty.
Insatiable	unable to be satisfied.
Insatiable	extremely greedy.
Insatiable	Insatiably
Insatiate	Never satisfied.
Inscribe	write or carve
Inscribe	On a surface, page, etc.
Inscribe	mark
Inscribe	with characters.
Inscribe	write an informal dedication in or on
Inscribe	enter the name of
Inscribe	on a list or in a book.
Inscribe	geom. Draw
Inscribe	within another so that points of it lie on the boundary of the other.
Inscription	words inscribed.
Inscription	inscribing.
Inscrutable	Mysterious, impenetrable.
Inscrutable	Inscrutably
Insect	Small invertebrate of a class characteristically having a head, thorax, abdomen, two antennae, three pairs of thoracic legs, and usu. One or two pairs of thoracic wings.
Insecticide	Substance for killing insects.
Insectivore	animal that feeds on insects.
Insectivore	plant which captures and absorbs insects.
Insecure	a unsafe; not firm.
Insecure	Liable to give way.
Insecure	uncertain; lacking confidence.
Inseminate	introduce semen into.
Inseminate	sow
Insensate	without physical sensation.
Insensate	without sensibility.
Insensate	stupid.
Insensible	unconscious.
Insensible	unaware
Insensible	callous.
Insensible	too small or gradual to be perceived.
Insensible	Insensibly
Insensitive	unfeeling; boorish; crass.
Insensitive	not sensitive to physical stimuli.
Insensitive	Insensitiveness
Insensitive	Insensitivity
Insentient	Not sentient; inanimate.
Inseparable	unable or unwilling to be separated.
Inseparable	Inseparably
Insert	Place or put
Insert	into another.
Insert	Something
Insert	inserted.
Insertion	inserting.
Insertion	thing inserted.
In-service	for those actively engaged in the profession or activity concerned.
Inset	a extra section inserted in a book etc.
Inset	small map etc. Within the border of a larger one.
Inset	piece let into a dress etc.
Inset	(insetting; past and
Inset	Inset or insetted)
Inset	put in as an inset.
Inset	decorate with an inset.
Inshore	At sea but close to the shore.
Inside	a inner side.
Inside	inner part; interior.
Inside	side away from the road.
Inside	(usu. In
Inside	Stomach and bowels.
Inside	situated on or in the inside.
Inside	football
Inside	hockey nearer to the centre of the field.
Inside	on, in, or to the inside.
Inside	in prison.
Inside	on the inner side of; within.
Inside	in less than
Inside	with the inner surface turned outwards.
Inside	thoroughly
Inside information	Information not normally accessible to outsiders.
Inside job	Crime committed by a person living or working on the premises burgled etc.
Insider	person who is within an organization etc.
Insider	person privy to a secret.
Insider dealing	Stock exch. Illegal practice of trading to one's own advantage through having access to confidential information.
Insidious	proceeding inconspicuously but harmfully.
Insidious	crafty.
Insidious	Insidiousness
Insight	capacity of understanding hidden truths etc.
Insight	instance of this.
Insignia	(treated as sing. Or
Insignia	) Badge.
Insignificant	unimportant.
Insignificant	meaningless.
Insincere	Not sincere.
Insincere	Insincerity
Insinuate	hint obliquely, esp. Unpleasantly.
Insinuate	a introduce
Insinuate	Into favour etc., by subtle manipulation.
Insinuate	introduce
Insinuate	Deviously into a place.
Insipid	lacking vigour or character; dull.
Insipid	tasteless.
Insipid	Insipidly
Insist	Maintain or demand assertively
Insistent	insisting.
Insistent	forcing itself on the attention.
Insistent	Insistently
In situ	In its proper or original place.
Insobriety	Intemperance, esp. In drinking.
Insofar	= in so far
Insole	Fixed or removable inner sole of a boot or shoe.
Insolent	Impertinently insulting.
Insolent	Insolently
Insoluble	incapable of being solved.
Insoluble	incapable of being dissolved.
Insoluble	Insolubly
Insolvent	Unable to pay one's debts; bankrupt.
Insolvent	Insolvent person.
Insomnia	Sleeplessness, esp. Habitual.
Insomniac	Person suffering from insomnia.
Insomuch	to such an extent.
Insomuch	inasmuch.
Insouciant	Carefree; unconcerned.
Inspect	look closely at.
Inspect	examine officially.
Inspector	person who inspects.
Inspector	official employed to supervise.
Inspector	police officer next above sergeant in rank.
Inspector of taxes	Inland revenue official responsible for assessing taxes.
Inspiration	a creative force or influence.
Inspiration	person etc. Stimulating creativity etc.
Inspiration	divine influence, esp. On the writing of scripture etc.
Inspiration	sudden brilliant idea.
Inspire	stimulate
Inspire	to esp. Creative activity.
Inspire	animate
Inspire	with a feeling.
Inspire	create
Inspire	in a person
Inspire	prompt; give rise to
Inspire	(as inspired
Inspire	) Characterized by inspiration.
Inspirit	put life into; animate.
Inspirit	encourage.
Inst.	(the
Inst.	th inst.).
Instability	lack of stability.
Instability	unpredictability in behaviour etc.
Install	place
Install	In position ready for use.
Install	place
Install	in an office or rank with ceremony.
Install	establish
Installment	any of several usu. Equal payments for something.
Installment	any of several parts, esp. Of a broadcast or published story.
Instalment	any of several usu. Equal payments for something.
Instalment	any of several parts, esp. Of a broadcast or published story.
Instance	example or illustration of.
Instance	particular case
Instance	cite as an instance.
Instant	occurring immediately.
Instant	Processed for quick preparation.
Instant	urgent; pressing.
Instant	commerce of the current month (the
Instant	th instant).
Instant	precise moment
Instant	short space of time
Instantaneous	Occurring or done in an instant.
Instantly	Immediately; at once.
Instead	in place of.
Instead	as an alternative.
Instep	inner arch of the foot between the toes and the ankle.
Instep	part of a shoe etc. Over or under this.
Instigate	bring about by incitement or persuasion.
Instigate	urge on, incite.
Instigate	Instigator
Instil	introduce
Instil	Into a person's mind etc. Gradually.
Instil	put
Instil	into something in drops.
Instil	Instilment
Instill	introduce
Instill	Into a person's mind etc. Gradually.
Instill	put
Instill	into something in drops.
Instill	Instilment
Instinct	a innate pattern of behaviour, esp. In animals.
Instinct	innate impulse.
Instinct	intuition.
Instinct	imbued, filled
Instinct	Instinctively
Instinct	Instinctual
Institute	society or organization for the promotion of science, education, etc.
Institute	its premises.
Institute	establish; found.
Institute	initiate
Institute	appoint
Institute	as a cleric in a church etc.
Institution	organization or society founded for a particular purpose.
Institution	established law, practice, or custom.
Institution	Familiar object.
Institution	instituting or being instituted.
Institutional	of or like an institution.
Institutional	typical of institutions.
Institutionalize	(as institutionalized
Institutionalize	) Made dependent after a long period in an institution.
Institutionalize	place or keep
Institutionalize	in an institution.
Institutionalize	make institutional.
Instruct	teach
Instruct	a subject etc.; train.
Instruct	Direct; command.
Instruct	law a employ
Instruct	inform.
Instruction	(often in
Instruction	order.
Instruction	direction
Instruction	teaching
Instructive	Tending to instruct; enlightening.
Instrument	tool or implement, esp. For delicate or scientific work.
Instrument	device for producing musical sounds.
Instrument	a thing used in performing an action.
Instrument	person made use of.
Instrument	measuring-device, esp. In an aeroplane.
Instrument	formal, esp. Legal, document.
Instrumental	serving as an instrument or means.
Instrumental	performed on instruments.
Instrumental	of, or arising from, an instrument
Instrumentalist	Performer on a musical instrument.
Instrumentality	Agency or means.
Instrumentation	a provision or use of instruments.
Instrumentation	instruments collectively.
Instrumentation	a arrangement of music for instruments.
Instrumentation	the particular instruments used in a piece.
Insubordinate	Disobedient; rebellious.
Insubstantial	lacking solidity or substance.
Insubstantial	not real.
Insufferable	intolerable.
Insufferable	unbearably conceited etc.
Insufficient	Not sufficient; inadequate.
Insufficient	Insufficiently
Insular	a of or like an island.
Insular	separated or remote.
Insular	narrow-minded.
Insulate	prevent the passage of electricity, heat, or sound from
Insulate	By interposing non-conductors.
Insulate	isolate.
Insulate	Insulator
Insulin	Hormone regulating the amount of glucose in the blood, the lack of which causes diabetes.
Insult	speak to or treat with scornful abuse.
Insult	offend the self-respect or modesty of.
Insult	Insulting remark or action.
Insult	Insultingly
Insuperable	impossible to surmount.
Insuperable	Impossible to overcome.
Insuperable	Insuperably
Insupportable	unable to be endured.
Insupportable	unjustifiable.
Insurance	insuring.
Insurance	a sum paid for this.
Insurance	sum paid out as compensation for theft, damage, etc.
Insure	Secure compensation in the event of loss or damage to
Insure	By advance regular payments.
Insured	person etc. Covered by insurance.
Insurer	Person or company selling insurance policies.
Insurgent	In active revolt.
Insurgent	Rebel.
Insurmountable	Unable to be surmounted or overcome.
Insurrection	Rebellion.
Insusceptible	Not susceptible.
Intact	undamaged; entire.
Intact	untouched.
Intaglio	gem with an incised design.
Intaglio	engraved design.
Intake	action of taking in.
Intake	a number
Intake	, or amount, taken in or received.
Intake	such people etc.
Intake	place where water is taken into a pipe, or fuel or air enters an engine etc.
Intangible	unable to be touched.
Intangible	unable to be grasped mentally.
Intangible	Thing that cannot be precisely assessed or defined.
Intangible	Intangibly
Integer	Whole number.
Integral	Also
Integral	a of or necessary to a whole.
Integral	forming a whole.
Integral	complete.
Integral	of or denoted by an integer.
Integral	Math. Quantity of which a given function is the derivative.
Integral calculus	Mathematics concerned with finding integrals, their properties and application, etc.
Integrate	a combine
Integrate	into a whole.
Integrate	complete by the addition of parts.
Integrate	bring or come into equal membership of society, a school, etc.
Integrate	desegregate, esp. Racially
Integrate	math. Find the integral of.
Integrated circuit	Electronics small chip etc. Of material replacing several separate components in a conventional electronic circuit.
Integrity	moral excellence; honesty.
Integrity	wholeness; soundness.
Integument	Natural outer covering, as a skin, husk, rind, etc.
Intellect	a faculty of reasoning, knowing, and thinking.
Intellect	understanding.
Intellect	clever or knowledgeable person.
Intellectual	of or appealing to the intellect.
Intellectual	possessing a highly developed intellect.
Intellectual	requiring the intellect.
Intellectual	Intellectual person.
Intellectual	Intellectualize
Intellectual	. Intellectually
Intelligence	a intellect; understanding.
Intelligence	quickness of understanding.
Intelligence	a the collecting of information, esp. Of military or political value.
Intelligence	information so collected.
Intelligence	people employed in this.
Intelligence quotient	Number denoting the ratio of a person's intelligence to the average.
Intelligent	having or showing intelligence, esp. Of a high level.
Intelligent	clever.
Intelligentsia	Class of intellectuals regarded as possessing culture and political initiative.
Intelligible	Able to be understood.
Intelligible	Intelligibly
Intemperate	immoderate.
Intemperate	a given to excessive drinking of alcohol.
Intemperate	excessively indulgent in one's appetites.
Intend	have as one's purpose
Intend	design or destine
Intended	Done on purpose.
Intended	One's fiancé or fiancée.
Intense	existing in a high degree; violent; forceful; extreme
Intense	very emotional.
Intense	Intenseness
Intensifier	thing that makes something more intense.
Intensifier	word or
Intensifier	used to give force or emphasis, e.g. Thundering in a thundering nuisance.
Intensify	make or become intense or more intense.
Intensity	intenseness.
Intensity	amount of some quality, e.g. Force, brightness, etc.
Intensive	thorough, vigorous; directed to a single point, area, or subject
Intensive	of or relating to intensity.
Intensive	serving to increase production in relation to costs
Intensive	(usu. In
Intensive	) Econ. Making much use of
Intensive	Expressing intensity, e.g. Really in my feet are really cold.
Intensive	Intensiveness
Intensive care	constant monitoring etc. Of a seriously ill patient.
Intensive care	part of a hospital devoted to this.
Intent	Intention; purpose
Intent	a resolved, determined.
Intent	attentively occupied.
Intent	earnest; eager.
Intent	Intentness
Intention	thing intended; aim, purpose.
Intention	intending
Intentional	Done on purpose.
Inter	bury
Inter-	Form
Inter-	between, among
Inter-	mutually, reciprocally
Interact	Act on each other.
Interactive	reciprocally active.
Interactive	allowing a two-way flow of information between it and a user.
Inter alia	Among other things.
Interbreed	(past and
Interbreed	-bred)
Interbreed	breed with members of a different race or species to produce a hybrid.
Interbreed	breed within one family etc.
Intercalary	inserted in the calendar to harmonize it with the solar year.
Intercalary	having such an addition.
Intercalary	interpolated.
Intercede	intervene on behalf of another; plead.
Intercept	seize, catch, or stop
Intercept	going from one place to another.
Intercept	cut off
Intercept	Interceptive
Intercept	Interceptor
Intercession	Interceding.
Interchange	exchange
Interchange	with each other.
Interchange	put each of
Interchange	in the other's place; alternate.
Interchange	exchange between two people etc.
Interchange	alternation.
Interchange	road junction where traffic streams do not cross.
Interchangeable	That can be interchanged, esp. Without affecting the way a thing works.
Inter-city	Existing or travelling between cities.
Intercom	system of intercommunication by radio or telephone.
Intercom	instrument used in this.
Intercommunicate	communicate reciprocally.
Intercommunicate	Open into each other.
Intercommunion	mutual communion.
Intercommunion	mutual action or relationship, esp. Between christian denominations.
Interconnect	Connect with each other.
Intercontinental	Connecting or travelling between continents.
Intercourse	communication or dealings between individuals, nations, etc.
Interdenominational	Concerning more than one
Interdenominational	denomination.
Interdepartmental	Concerning more than one department.
Interdependent	Dependent on each other.
Interdict	authoritative prohibition.
Interdict	rc ch. Sentence debarring a person, or esp.
Interdict	place, from ecclesiastical functions and privileges.
Interdict	prohibit
Interdict	forbid the use of.
Interdict	restrain
Interdict	forbid
Interdict	to a person.
Interdict	Interdictory
Interdisciplinary	Of or between more than one branch of learning.
Interest	a concern; curiosity
Interest	quality exciting curiosity etc.
Interest	subject, hobby, etc., in which one is concerned.
Interest	advantage or profit
Interest	money paid for the use of money lent.
Interest	a thing in which one has a stake or concern
Interest	financial stake
Interest	legal concern, title, or right
Interest	a party or group with a common interest
Interest	principle or cause with which this is concerned.
Interest	excite the curiosity or attention of.
Interest	cause
Interest	to take a personal interest.
Interest	(as interested
Interest	) Having a private interest; not impartial or disinterested.
Interesting	Causing curiosity; holding the attention.
Interface	surface forming a boundary between two regions.
Interface	means or place of interaction between two systems etc.; interaction
Interface	esp. Computing apparatus for connecting two pieces of equipment so that they can be operated jointly.
Interface	connect with
Interface	By an interface.
Interface	interact.
Interfacing	Stiffish material between two layers of fabric in collars etc.
Interfere	meddle; obstruct a process etc.
Interfere	be a hindrance.
Interfere	intervene, esp. Without invitation or necessity.
Interfere	euphem. Molest or assault sexually.
Interfere	combine so as to cause interference.
Interference	act of interfering.
Interference	fading or disturbance of received radio signals.
Interference	physics combination of two or more wave motions to form a resultant wave in which the displacement is reinforced or cancelled.
Interferon	Any of various proteins inhibiting the development of a virus in a cell etc.
Interfuse	mix
Interfuse	with; intersperse.
Interfuse	blend
Interfuse	blend with each other.
Intergalactic	Of or situated between galaxies.
Interim	Intervening time.
Interim	Provisional, temporary.
Interior	inner.
Interior	inland.
Interior	internal; domestic.
Interior	situated further in or within.
Interior	existing in the mind.
Interior	coming from inside.
Interior	interior part; inside.
Interior	interior part of a region.
Interior	home affairs of a country
Interior	representation of the inside of a room etc.
Interior decoration	Decoration of the interior of a building etc.
Interior design	Design of the interior of a building.
Interject	utter
Interject	abruptly or parenthetically.
Interject	interrupt.
Interjection	Exclamation, esp. As a part of speech
Interlace	bind intricately together; interweave.
Interlace	cross each other intricately.
Interlard	mix
Interlard	with unusual words or phrases.
Interleave	insert
Interleave	leaves between the leaves of
Interline	put an extra layer of material between the fabric of
Interline	and its lining.
Interlink	Link or be linked together.
Interlock	engage with each other by overlapping.
Interlock	lock or clasp within each other.
Interlock	machine-knitted fabric with fine stitches.
Interlock	mechanism for preventing a set of operations from being performed in any but the prescribed sequence.
Interlocutor	Formal person who takes part in a conversation.
Interlocutory	Formal
Interlocutory	of dialogue.
Interlocutory	Given provisionally in a legal action.
Interloper	intruder.
Interloper	person who interferes in others' affairs, esp. For profit.
Interlude	a pause between the acts of a play.
Interlude	something performed during this pause.
Interlude	contrasting event, time, etc. In the middle of something
Interlude	piece of music played between other pieces etc.
Intermarry	Become connected by marriage.
Intermediary	intermediate person or thing, esp.
Intermediary	mediator.
Intermediary	Acting as mediator; intermediate.
Intermediate	Coming between two things in time, place, order, character, etc.
Intermediate	intermediate thing.
Intermediate	chemical compound formed by one reaction and then used in another.
Interment	Burial.
Intermezzo	a short connecting instrumental movement in a musical work.
Intermezzo	similar independent piece.
Intermezzo	short light dramatic or other performance inserted between the acts of a play.
Interminable	endless.
Interminable	tediously long.
Intermingle	mix together; mingle.
Intermission	pause or cessation.
Intermission	interval in a cinema etc.
Intermittent	Occurring at intervals; not continuous.
Intermix	Mix together.
Intern	esp. Us
Intern	Oblige
Intern	To reside within prescribed limits.
Internal	of or situated in the inside or invisible part.
Internal	of the inside of the body
Internal	of a nation's domestic affairs.
Internal	attending a university etc. As well as taking its examinations.
Internal	used or applying within an organization.
Internal	a intrinsic.
Internal	of the mind or soul.
Internal	Internally
Internal-combustion engine	Engine with its motive power generated by the explosion of gases or vapour with air in a cylinder.
Internal evidence	Evidence derived from the contents of the thing discussed.
Internalize	psychol. Make
Internalize	Part of one's nature by learning or unconscious assimilation.
International	existing or carried on between nations.
International	agreed on or used by all or many nations.
International	a contest, esp. In sport, between teams representing different countries.
International	member of such a team.
International	any of four successive associations for socialist or communist action.
International	Internationally
Internationalism	Advocacy of a community of interests among nations.
Internationalize	make international.
Internationalize	bring under the protection or control of two or more nations.
Internecine	Mutually destructive.
Internee	Person interned.
Interpenetrate	penetrate each other.
Interpenetrate	pervade.
Interpersonal	Between persons, social
Interplanetary	between planets.
Interplanetary	of travel between planets.
Interplay	Reciprocal action.
Interpol	International criminal police organization.
Interpolate	a insert
Interpolate	in a book etc., esp. Misleadingly.
Interpolate	make such insertions in
Interpolate	interject
Interpolate	in a conversation.
Interpolate	estimate
Interpolate	between known ones in the same range.
Interpolate	Interpolator
Interpose	insert
Interpose	between others.
Interpose	say
Interpose	as an interruption; interrupt.
Interpose	exercise or advance
Interpose	so as to interfere.
Interpose	intervene
Interpret	explain the meaning of
Interpret	make out or bring out the meaning of
Interpret	act as an interpreter.
Interpret	explain or understand
Interpret	In a specified manner.
Interpret	Interpretative
Interpret	Interpretive
Interpreter	Person who interprets, esp. One who translates foreign speech orally.
Interracial	Between or affecting different races.
Interregnum	interval when the normal government or leadership is suspended, esp. Between successive reigns or regimes.
Interregnum	interval, pause.
Interrelate	relate
Interrelate	to each other.
Interrelate	relate to each other.
Interrelate	Interrelationship
Interrogate	question
Interrogate	, esp. Closely or formally.
Interrogate	Interrogator
Interrogative	Of, like, or used in a question.
Interrogative	Interrogative word
Interrogatory	Questioning
Interrogatory	formal set of questions.
Interrupt	break the continuous progress of
Interrupt	obstruct
Interrupter	person or thing that interrupts.
Interrupter	device for interrupting, esp. An electric circuit.
Intersect	divide
Intersect	by crossing it.
Intersect	Cross each other.
Intersection	intersecting.
Intersection	place where two roads intersect.
Intersection	point or line common to lines or planes that intersect.
Intersperse	scatter.
Intersperse	vary
Intersperse	by scattering other things among it.
Interstate	Existing or carried on between states, esp. Those of the us.
Interstellar	Between stars.
Interstice	intervening space.
Interstice	chink or crevice.
Interstitial	Of, forming, or occupying interstices.
Intertwine	entwine
Interval	intervening time or space.
Interval	pause or break, esp. Between the parts of a performance.
Interval	difference in pitch between two sounds.
Intervene	occur in time between events.
Intervene	interfere; prevent or modify events.
Intervene	be situated between things.
Intervene	come in as an extraneous factor.
Intervention	intervening.
Intervention	interference, esp. By a state.
Intervention	mediation.
Interventionist	Person who favours intervention.
Interview	oral examination of an applicant.
Interview	conversation with a reporter, for a broadcast or publication.
Interview	meeting face to face, esp. For consultation.
Interview	Hold an interview with.
Interview	Interviewer
Interwar	Existing in the period between two wars.
Interweave	(-ving; past -wove;
Interweave	-woven)
Interweave	weave together.
Interweave	blend intimately.
Interpolate	a insert
Interpolate	in a book etc., esp. Misleadingly.
Interpolate	make such insertions in
Interpolate	interject
Interpolate	in a conversation.
Interpolate	estimate
Interpolate	between known ones in the same range.
Interpolate	Interpolator
Interpose	insert
Interpose	between others.
Interpose	say
Interpose	as an interruption; interrupt.
Interpose	exercise or advance
Interpose	so as to interfere.
Interpose	intervene
Interpret	explain the meaning of
Interpret	make out or bring out the meaning of
Interpret	act as an interpreter.
Interpret	explain or understand
Interpret	In a specified manner.
Interpret	Interpretative
Interpret	Interpretive
Interpreter	Person who interprets, esp. One who translates foreign speech orally.
Interracial	Between or affecting different races.
Interregnum	interval when the normal government or leadership is suspended, esp. Between successive reigns or regimes.
Interregnum	interval, pause.
Interrelate	relate
Interrelate	to each other.
Interrelate	relate to each other.
Interrelate	Interrelationship
Interrogate	question
Interrogate	, esp. Closely or formally.
Interrogate	Interrogator
Interrogative	Of, like, or used in a question.
Interrogative	Interrogative word
Interrogatory	Questioning
Interrogatory	formal set of questions.
Interrupt	break the continuous progress of
Interrupt	obstruct
Interrupter	person or thing that interrupts.
Interrupter	device for interrupting, esp. An electric circuit.
Intersect	divide
Intersect	by crossing it.
Intersect	Cross each other.
Intersection	intersecting.
Intersection	place where two roads intersect.
Intersection	point or line common to lines or planes that intersect.
Intersperse	scatter.
Intersperse	vary
Intersperse	by scattering other things among it.
Interstate	Existing or carried on between states, esp. Those of the us.
Interstellar	Between stars.
Interstice	intervening space.
Interstice	chink or crevice.
Interstitial	Of, forming, or occupying interstices.
Intertwine	entwine
Interval	intervening time or space.
Interval	pause or break, esp. Between the parts of a performance.
Interval	difference in pitch between two sounds.
Intervene	occur in time between events.
Intervene	interfere; prevent or modify events.
Intervene	be situated between things.
Intervene	come in as an extraneous factor.
Intervention	intervening.
Intervention	interference, esp. By a state.
Intervention	mediation.
Interventionist	Person who favours intervention.
Interview	oral examination of an applicant.
Interview	conversation with a reporter, for a broadcast or publication.
Interview	meeting face to face, esp. For consultation.
Interview	Hold an interview with.
Interview	Interviewer
Interwar	Existing in the period between two wars.
Interweave	(-ving; past -wove;
Interweave	-woven)
Interweave	weave together.
Interweave	blend intimately.
Intestate	Not having made a will before death.
Intestate	Person who has died intestate.
—adj. Not having made a will before death.	Person who has died intestate.
Intestine	(in sing. Or
Intestine	) Lower part of the alimentary canal.
Intifada	Arab uprising.
Intimacy	state of being intimate.
Intimacy	intimate remark or act; sexual intercourse.
Intimate1	closely acquainted; familiar
Intimate1	private and personal.
Intimate1	having sexual relations.
Intimate1	detailed, thorough.
Intimate1	close.
Intimate1	Close friend.
Intimate2	state or make known.
Intimate2	imply, hint.
Intimidate	frighten or overawe, esp. To subdue or influence.
Into	expressing motion or direction to a point on or within
Into	expressing direction of attention etc.
Into	expressing a change of state
Into	after the beginning of
Into	Interested in.
Intolerable	That cannot be endured.
Intolerant	Not tolerant, esp. Of others' beliefs or behaviour.
Intonation	modulation of the voice; accent.
Intonation	intoning.
Intonation	accuracy of musical pitch.
Intone	recite
Intone	With prolonged sounds, esp. In a monotone.
Intone	utter with a particular tone.
In toto	Completely.
Intoxicant	Intoxicating.
Intoxicant	Intoxicating substance.
Intoxicate	make drunk.
Intoxicate	excite or elate beyond self-control.
Intra- 	on the inside, within.
Intractable	hard to control or deal with.
Intractable	difficult, stubborn.
Intractable	Intractably
Intramural	situated or done within the walls of an institution etc.
Intramural	forming part of normal university etc. Studies.
Intramuscular	In or into muscle tissue.
Intransigent	Uncompromising, stubborn.
Intransigent	Intransigent person.
Intransitive	not taking a direct object.
Intrauterine	Within the womb.
Intravenous	In or into a vein or veins.
In-tray	Tray for incoming documents.
Intrepid	Fearless; very brave.
Intrepid	Intrepidly
Intricate	Very complicated; perplexingly detailed.
Intricate	. Intricately
Intrigue	a carry on an underhand plot.
Intrigue	use secret influence.
Intrigue	arouse the curiosity of.
Intrigue	underhand plot or plotting.
Intrigue	secret arrangement
Intrigue	Esp. In sense
Intrigue	Intriguingly
Intrinsic	Inherent, essential
Intro	Introduction.
Intro-	Form into.
Introduce	make
Introduce	known by name to another, esp. Formally.
Introduce	announce or present to an audience.
Introduce	bring
Introduce	Into use.
Introduce	bring
Introduce	before parliament etc.
Introduce	initiate
Introduce	in a subject.
Introduce	insert.
Introduce	bring in; usher in; bring forward.
Introduce	occur just before the start of.
Introduce	put on sale for the first time.
Introduction	introducing or being introduced.
Introduction	formal presentation of one person to another.
Introduction	explanatory section at the beginning of a book etc.
Introduction	introductory treatise.
Introduction	thing introduced.
Introductory	Serving as an introduction; preliminary.
Introit	Psalm or antiphon sung or said as the priest approaches the altar for the eucharist.
Introspection	Examination of one's own thoughts.
Introvert	person predominantly concerned with his or her own thoughts.
Introvert	shy thoughtful person.
Introvert	characteristic of an introvert.
Intrude	come uninvited or unwanted.
Intrude	force on a person.
Intruder	Person who intrudes, esp.
Intruder	trespasser.
Intrusion	intruding.
Intrusion	influx of molten rock between existing strata etc.
Intuition	Immediate insight or understanding without conscious reasoning.
Intuition	Intuitional
Intuitive	Of, possessing, or perceived by intuition.
Intuitive	Intuitiveness
Inuit	American eskimo.
Inundate	flood.
Inundate	overwhelm.
Inure	accustom
Inure	to an esp. Unpleasant thing.
Inure	law take effect.
Invade	enter
Invade	Under arms to control or subdue it.
Invade	swarm into.
Invade	attack.
Invade	encroach upon
Invalid1	Person enfeebled or disabled by illness or injury.
Invalid1	of or for invalids.
Invalid1	sick, disabled.
Invalid1	Remove
Invalid1	from active service.
Invalid1	disable
Invalid1	by illness.
Invalid1	Invalidityn.
Invalid2	Not valid.
Invalidate	make
Invalidate	Invalid.
Invaluable	Above valuation; very valuable.
Invariable	unchangeable.
Invariable	always the same.
Invariable	math. Constant.
Invasion	Invading or being invaded.
Invasive	Tending to spread.
Invasive	involving large incisions etc.
Invasive	tending to encroach.
Invective	Strong verbal attack.
Inveigh	speak or write with strong hostility.
Inveigle	Entice; persuade by guile.
Invent	create by thought, originate
Invent	concoct
Invention	inventing or being invented.
Invention	thing invented.
Invention	fictitious story.
Invention	inventiveness.
Inventive	Able to invent; imaginative.
Inventive	Inventiveness
Inventory	complete list of goods etc.
Inventory	goods listed in this.
Inventory	make an inventory of.
Inventory	enter
Inventory	in an inventory.
Inverse	Inverted in position, order, or relation.
Inverse	inverted state.
Inverse	the direct opposite.
Inverse proportion	relation between two quantities such that one increases in proportion as the other decreases.
Inversion	turning upside down.
Inversion	reversal of a normal order, position, or relation.
Invert	turn upside down.
Invert	reverse the position, order, or relation of.
Invertebrate	not having a backbone.
Invertebrate	Invertebrate animal.
Inverted commas	pl.
Invest	apply or use
Invest	, esp. For profit.
Invest	put money for profit into
Invest	devote
Invest	To an enterprise.
Invest	Buy
Invest	provide or credit
Invest	attribute or entrust
Invest	to
Invest	clothe with the insignia of office; install in an office.
Investigate	inquire into; examine.
Investigate	make a systematic inquiry.
Investigate	Investigative
Investigate	Investigator
Investigate	Investigatory
Investiture	Formal investing of a person with honours or rank.
Investment	investing.
Investment	money invested.
Investment	property etc. In which money is invested.
Investment trust	Trust that buys and sells shares in selected companies to make a profit for its members.
Inveterate	confirmed in a habit etc.
Inveterate	Long-established.
Invidious	Likely to cause resentment or anger
Invigilate	supervise people taking an exam.
Invigilate	Invigilator
Invigorate	give vigour or strength to.
Invincible	Unconquerable.
Invincible	Invincibly
Inviolable	Not to be violated or dishonoured.
Inviolable	Inviolably
Inviolate	not violated.
Inviolate	safe
Invisible	Not visible to the eye.
Invisible	Invisibly
Invisible exports	pl.
Invisible exports	Intangible commodities, esp. Services, involving payment between countries.
Invitation	inviting or being invited.
Invitation	letter or card etc. Used to invite.
Invite	Ask
Invite	courteously to come, or to do something.
Invite	make a formal courteous request for.
Invite	tend to call forth unintentionally.
Invite	a attract.
Invite	be attractive.
Invite	Invitation.
Inviting	attractive.
Inviting	tempting.
In vitro	taking place in a test-tube or other laboratory environment.
Invocation	invoking or being invoked, esp. In prayer.
Invocation	summoning of supernatural beings, e.g. The muses, for inspiration.
Invocation	eccl. The words ‘in the name of the father’ etc. Used to preface a sermon etc.
Invoice	Bill for usu. Itemized goods or services.
Invoice	send an invoice to.
Invoice	make an invoice of.
Invoke	call on
Invoke	In prayer or as a witness.
Invoke	appeal to
Invoke	summon
Invoke	by charms etc.
Invoke	ask earnestly for
Involuntary	done without exercising the will; unintentional.
Involuntary	not under the control of the will.
Involuntary	Involuntariness
Involute	involved, intricate.
Involute	curled spirally.
Involuted	Complicated, abstruse.
Involution	involving.
Involution	intricacy.
Involution	curling inwards.
Involution	part that curls inwards.
Involve	cause
Involve	to share the experience or effect
Involve	imply, entail, make necessary.
Involve	implicate
Involve	in a charge, crime, etc.
Involve	include or affect in its operations.
Involve	(as involved
Involve	concerned.
Involve	complicated in thought or form.
Involve	amorously associated.
Invulnerable	That cannot be wounded, damaged, or hurt, physically or mentally.
Invulnerable	Invulnerably
Inward	directed towards the inside; going in.
Inward	situated within.
Inward	mental, spiritual.
Inward	towards the inside.
Inward	in the mind or soul.
Inwardly	on the inside.
Inwardly	in the mind or soul.
Inwardly	not aloud.
Inwrought	decorated
Inwrought	wrought
Iodide	Any compound of iodine with another element or group.
Iodine	black crystalline element forming a violet vapour.
Iodine	solution of this as an antiseptic.
Iom	Isle of man.
Ion	Atom or group of atoms that has lost one or more electrons
Ion	, or gained one or more electrons
-ion	forming nouns denoting:
-ion	verbal action
-ion	instance of this
-ion	resulting state or product
Ionic	Of the order of greek architecture characterized by a column with scroll-shapes on either side of the capital.
Ionic	Of or using ions.
Ionize	convert or be converted into an ion or ions.
Ionizer	Device producing ions to improve the quality of the air.
Ionosphere	Ionized region of the atmosphere above the stratosphere, reflecting radio waves.
Iota	ninth letter of the greek alphabet
Iota	jot.
Iou	Signed document acknowledging a debt.
Iow	Isle of wight.
Ipa	International phonetic alphabet.
Ipecacuanha	Root of a s. American shrub, used as an emetic and purgative.
Ipso facto	By that very fact.
Iq	Intelligence quotient.
Ir- 	assim. Form of *in-1, *in-2 before r.
Ira	Irish republican army.
Iranian	of iran
Iranian	of the group of languages including persian.
Iranian	native or national of iran.
Iranian	person of iranian descent.
Iraqi	Of iraq.
Iraqi	a native or national of iraq.
Iraqi	person of iraqi descent.
Iraqi	the form of arabic spoken in iraq.
Irascible	Irritable; hot-tempered.
Irascible	Irascibly
Irate	Angry, enraged.
Irate	Irateness
Ire	Literary anger.
Iridaceous	Of the iris family of plants.
Iridescent	showing rainbow-like luminous colours.
Iridescent	changing colour with position.
Iridium	Hard white metallic element of the platinum group.
Iris	circular coloured membrane behind the cornea of the eye, with a circular opening
Iris	in the centre.
Iris	plant of a family with bulbs or tuberous roots, sword-shaped leaves, and showy flowers.
Iris	adjustable diaphragm for regulating the size of a central hole, esp. For the admission of light to a lens.
Irish	Of ireland or its people.
Irish	celtic language of ireland.
Irish	(prec. By the; treated as
Irish	) The people of ireland.
Irish coffee	Coffee with a dash of whiskey and a little sugar, topped with cream.
Irishman	Man who is irish by birth or descent.
Irish stew	Stew of mutton, potato, and onion.
Irishwoman	Woman who is irish by birth or descent.
Irk	Irritate, bore, annoy.
Irksome	Annoying, tiresome.
Iron	grey metallic element used for tools and constructions and found in some foods, e.g. Spinach.
Iron	this as a symbol of strength or firmness
Iron	tool made of iron.
Iron	implement with a flat base which is heated to smooth clothes etc.
Iron	golf club with an iron or steel sloping face.
Iron	(usu. In
Iron	) Fetter.
Iron	(usu. In
Iron	) Stirrup.
Iron	(often in
Iron	) Iron support for a malformed leg.
Iron	made of iron.
Iron	very robust.
Iron	unyielding, merciless.
Iron	Smooth
Iron	With an iron.
Iron age	Period when iron replaced bronze in the making of tools and weapons.
Ironclad	clad or protected with iron.
Ironclad	impregnable.
Ironclad	Hist. Warship protected by iron plates.
Iron cross	German military decoration.
Iron curtain	Hist. Former notional barrier to the passage of people and information between the soviet bloc and the west.
Ironic	using or displaying irony.
Ironing	Clothes etc. For ironing or just ironed.
Ironing-board	Narrow folding table on which clothes etc. Are ironed.
Iron in the fire	Undertaking, opportunity (usu. In
Iron in the fire	: too many irons in the fire).
Iron lung	Rigid case fitted over a patient's body for administering prolonged artificial respiration.
Ironmaster	Manufacturer of iron.
Ironmonger	Dealer in hardware etc.
Iron rations	pl. Small emergency supply of food.
Ironstone	rock containing much iron.
Ironstone	a kind of hard white pottery.
Ironware	Articles made of iron.
Ironwork	things made of iron.
Ironwork	work in iron.
Ironworks	(as sing. Or
Ironworks	) Factory where iron is smelted or iron goods are made.
Irony	expression of meaning, often humorous or sarcastic, using language of a different or opposite tendency.
Irony	apparent perversity of an event or circumstance in reversing human intentions.
Irony	theatr. Use of language with one meaning for a privileged audience and another for those addressed or concerned.
Irradiate	subject to radiation.
Irradiate	shine upon; light up.
Irradiate	throw light on
Irrational	illogical; unreasonable.
Irrational	not endowed with reason.
Irrational	math. Not commensurate with the natural numbers.
Irrational	Irrationally
Irreconcilable	implacably hostile.
Irreconcilable	Incompatible.
Irreconcilable	Irreconcilably
Irrecoverable	Not able to be recovered or remedied.
Irredeemable	not able to be redeemed.
Irredeemable	hopeless.
Irredentist	Person advocating the restoration to his or her country of any territory formerly belonging to it.
Irreducible	Not able to be reduced or simplified.
Irreducible	Irreducibly
Irrefutable	That cannot be refuted.
Irregular	not regular; unsymmetrical, uneven; varying in form.
Irregular	not occurring at regular intervals.
Irregular	contrary to a rule, principle, or custom; abnormal.
Irregular	not belonging to the regular army.
Irregular	Not inflected according to the usual rules.
Irregular	disorderly.
Irregular	(in
Irregular	) Irregular troops.
Irregular	. Irregularly
Irrelevant	not relevant.
Irrelevant	Irrelevancy
Irreligious	Lacking or hostile to religion; irreverent.
Irremediable	That cannot be remedied.
Irremovable	That cannot be removed.
Irreparable	That cannot be rectified or made good.
Irreplaceable	That cannot be replaced.
Irrepressible	That cannot be repressed or restrained.
Irreproachable	Faultless, blameless.
Irresistible	Too strong, delightful, or convincing to be resisted.
Irresolute	hesitant.
Irresolute	lacking in resoluteness.
Irresolute	Irresoluteness
Irresolute	Irresolution
Irrespective	not taking into account; regardless of.
Irresponsible	acting or done without due sense of responsibility.
Irresponsible	not responsible for one's conduct.
Irresponsible	Irresponsibly
Irretrievable	That cannot be retrieved or restored.
Irreverent	Lacking reverence.
Irreverent	Irreverently
Irreversible	Not reversible or alterable.
Irrevocable	unalterable.
Irrevocable	gone beyond recall.
Irrigate	a water
Irrigate	by means of channels etc.
Irrigate	Supply
Irrigate	with water.
Irrigate	supply
Irrigate	With a constant flow of liquid.
Irrigate	Irrigation
Irrigate	Irrigator
Irritable	easily annoyed.
Irritable	Very sensitive to contact.
Irritable	Irritably
Irritant	Causing irritation.
Irritant	Irritant substance.
Irritate	excite to anger; annoy.
Irritate	stimulate discomfort in
Irritate	biol. Stimulate
Irritate	to action.
Irritate	Irritation
Irritate	Irritative
Irrupt	enter forcibly or violently.
Is	rd sing. Present of *be.
Isbn	International standard book number.
-ish	forming adjectives:
-ish	from nouns, meaning: a having the qualities of
-ish	of the nationality of
-ish	from adjectives, meaning ‘somewhat’
-ish	Denoting an approximate age or time of day
Isinglass	gelatin obtained from fish, esp. Sturgeon, and used in making jellies, glue, etc.
Isinglass	mica.
Islam	the religion of the muslims, proclaimed by muhammad.
Islam	the muslim world.
Island	piece of land surrounded by water.
Island	detached or isolated thing.
Islander	Native or inhabitant of an island.
Isle	Poet.
Isle	island, esp.
Isle	small one.
Islet	small island.
Islet	anat. Structurally distinct portion of tissue.
Ism	Usu. Derog. Any distinctive doctrine or practice.
-ism	forming nouns, esp. Denoting:
-ism	action or its result
-ism	system or principle
-ism	state or quality
-ism	basis of prejudice or discrimination
-ism	peculiarity in language
Isn't	Is not.
Iso-	Form equal.
Isobar	Line on a map connecting places with the same atmospheric pressure.
Isochronous	occurring at the same time.
Isochronous	occupying equal time.
Isolate	a place apart or alone.
Isolate	place
Isolate	In quarantine.
Isolate	separate
Isolate	from a mixture.
Isolate	insulate
Isolate	, esp. By a physical gap; disconnect.
Isolationism	Policy of holding aloof from the affairs of other countries or groups.
Isomer	One of two or more compounds with the same molecular formula but a different arrangement of atoms.
Isomer	Isomerism
Isometric	of equal measure.
Isometric	developing tension while the muscle is prevented from contracting.
Isometric	With the plane of projection at equal angles to the three principal axes of the object shown.
Isomorphic	exactly corresponding in form and relations.
Isosceles	having two sides equal.
Isotherm	Line on a map connecting places with the same temperature.
Isotope	One of two or more forms of an element differing from each other in relative atomic mass, and in nuclear but not chemical properties.
Isotropic	Having the same physical properties in all directions.
Israeli	Of the modern state of israel.
Israeli	native or national of israel.
Israeli	person of israeli descent.
Israelite	Hist. Native of ancient israel; jew.
Issue	a act of giving out or circulating shares, notes, stamps, etc.
Issue	quantity of coins, copies of a newspaper, etc., circulated at one time.
Issue	each of a regular series of a magazine etc.
Issue	a outgoing, outflow.
Issue	way out, outlet, esp. The place of the emergence of a stream etc.
Issue	point in question; important subject of debate or litigation.
Issue	result; outcome.
Issue	law children, progeny
Issue	literary go or come out.
Issue	a send forth; publish; put into circulation.
Issue	supply, esp. Officially or authoritatively
Issue	be derived or result.
Issue	end, result.
Issue	emerge from a condition.
-ist	forming personal nouns denoting:
-ist	adherent of a system etc. In -ism:
-ist	person pursuing, using, or concerned with something as an interest or profession
-ist	person who does something expressed by a verb in -ize
-ist	person who subscribes to a prejudice or practises discrimination
Isthmus	narrow piece of land connecting two larger bodies of land.
It	Information technology.
It	(poss. Its;
It	They)
It	thing
It	previously named or in question
It	person in question
It	as the subject of an impersonal verb
It	as a substitute for a deferred subject or object
It	as a substitute for a vague object
It	as the antecedent to a relative word or clause
It	exactly what is needed.
It	extreme limit of achievement.
It	sexual intercourse.
It	sex appeal.
It	player who has to perform a required feat.
It	That is:
It	what is required.
It	the difficulty.
It	the end, enough.
Italian	a native or national of italy.
Italian	person of italian descent.
Italian	romance language of italy.
Italian	Of or relating to italy.
Italianate	Of italian style or appearance.
Italian vermouth	Sweet kind of vermouth.
Italic	a of the sloping kind of letters now used esp. For emphasis and in foreign words.
Italic	compact and pointed like early italian handwriting.
Italic	of ancient italy.
Italic	letter in italic type.
Italic	this type.
Italicize	print in italics.
Itch	irritation in the skin.
Itch	impatient desire.
Itch	scabies.
Itch	feel an irritation in the skin.
Itch	feel a desire to do something
Itching palm	Avarice.
Itchy	having or causing an itch.
Itchy	be restless.
Itchy	have a strong urge to travel.
It'd	it had.
It'd	it would.
-ite	forming nouns meaning ‘a person or thing connected with’
Item	any of a number of enumerated things.
Item	separate or distinct piece of news etc.
Itemize	state item by item.
Iterate	repeat; state repeatedly.
Iterate	Iterative
-itic	forming adjectives and nouns corresponding to nouns in -ite, -itis, etc.
Itinerant	Travelling from place to place.
Itinerant	Itinerant person.
Itinerary	detailed route.
Itinerary	record of travel.
Itinerary	guidebook.
-itis	forming nouns, esp.:
-itis	names of inflammatory diseases
-itis	With ref. To conditions compared to diseases
It'll	It will; it shall.
Its	Of it; of itself.
It's	it is.
It's	it has.
Itself	Emphatic and refl. Form of *it.
Itv	Independent television.
-ity	forming nouns denoting:
-ity	quality or condition
-ity	instance of this
Iud	Intrauterine
Iud	device.
I've	I have.
-ive	forming adjectives meaning ‘tending to’, and corresponding nouns
Ivf	In vitro fertilization.
Ivory	hard substance of the tusks of an elephant etc.
Ivory	creamy-white colour of this.
Ivory	(usu. In
Ivory	article made of ivory. B
Ivory	thing made of or resembling ivory, esp.
Ivory	piano key or a tooth.
Ivory tower	Seclusion or withdrawal from the harsh realities of life (often
Ivory tower	: ivory tower professors).
Ivy	climbing evergreen shrub with shiny five-angled leaves.
-ize	forming verbs, meaning:
-ize	make or become such
-ize	treat in such a way
-ize	a follow a special practice
-ize	have a specified feeling
-ize	forming nouns.
J1	tenth letter of the alphabet.
J2	Joule
Jab	a poke roughly.
Jab	stab.
Jab	thrust
Jab	hard or abruptly.
Jab	abrupt blow, thrust, or stab.
Jab	Hypodermic injection.
Jabber	chatter volubly.
Jabber	utter
Jabber	in this way.
Jabber	Chatter; gabble.
Jabot	Ornamental frill etc. On the front of a shirt or blouse.
Jacaranda	Tropical american tree with trumpet-shaped blue flowers or hard scented wood.
Jacinth	Reddish-orange zircon used as a gem.
Jack	device for raising heavy objects, esp. Vehicles.
Jack	court-card with a picture of a soldier, page, etc.
Jack	ship's flag, esp. Showing nationality.
Jack	device using a single-pronged plug to connect an electrical circuit.
Jack	small white target ball in bowls.
Jack	) Game of jackstones.
Jack	familiar form of john, esp. Typifying the common man, male animal, etc.
Jack	raise with or as with a jack (in sense
Jack	Raise
Jack	abandon
Jackal	african or asian wild animal of the dog family, scavenging in packs for food.
Jackal	Menial.
Jackanapes	rascal.
Jackass	male ass.
Jackass	stupid person.
Jackboot	military boot reaching above the knee.
Jackboot	this as a militaristic or fascist symbol.
Jackdaw	Grey-headed bird of the crow family.
Jacket	a short coat with sleeves.
Jacket	protective or supporting garment
Jacket	casing or covering round a boiler etc.
Jacket	skin of a potato.
Jacket	animal's coat.
Jacket potato	Potato baked in its skin.
Jack frost	Frost personified.
Jack-in-the-box	Toy figure that springs out of a box.
Jackknife	large clasp-knife.
Jackknife	dive in which the body is bent and then straightened.
Jackknife	fold against itself in an accident.
Jack of all trades	Multi-skilled person.
Jack-o'-lantern	will-o'-the wisp.
Jack-o'-lantern	pumpkin lantern.
Jack plane	Medium-sized joinery plane.
Jack plug	Plug for use with a jack (see *jack
Jackpot	Large prize, esp. Accumulated in a game, lottery, etc.
Jackpot	win a large prize.
Jackpot	have remarkable luck or success.
Jackrabbit	Us large prairie hare.
Jack russell	Short-legged breed of terrier.
Jackstone	metal etc. Piece used in tossing-games.
Jackstone	(in
Jackstone	) Game with a ball and jackstones.
Jack tar	Sailor.
Jacobean	of the reign of james i.
Jacobean	heavy and dark in style.
Jacobean	Jacobean person.
Jacobite	Hist. Supporter of james ii after his flight, or of the stuarts.
Jacquard	apparatus with perforated cards, for weaving figured fabrics.
Jacquard	loom with this.
Jacquard	fabric or article so made.
Jacuzzi	propr. Large bath with massaging underwater jets of water.
Jade1	hard usu. Green stone used for ornaments etc.
Jade1	green colour of jade.
Jade2	inferior or worn-out horse.
Jade2	derog. Disreputable woman.
Jaded	Tired out; surfeited.
J'adoube	Chess declaration of the intention to adjust a piece without moving it.
Jag1	Sharp projection of rock etc.
Jag1	cut or tear unevenly.
Jag1	make indentations in.
Jag2	drinking bout.
Jag2	period of indulgence in an activity, emotion, etc.
Jagged	unevenly cut or torn.
Jagged	deeply indented.
Jagged	Jaggedness
Jaguar	Large american flesh-eating spotted animal of the cat family.
Jail	place for the detention of prisoners.
Jail	confinement in a jail.
Jail	Put in jail.
Jailbird	prisoner or habitual criminal.
Jailbreak	escape from jail.
Jailer	person in charge of a jail or prisoners.
Jain	Adherent of an indian religion resembling buddhism.
Jain	Of this religion.
Jain	Jainist
Jalap	Purgative drug from the tuberous roots of a mexican climbing plant.
Jalopy	Dilapidated old vehicle.
Jalousie	Slatted blind or shutter to keep out rain etc. And control light.
Jam1	Squeeze, cram, or wedge into a space.
Jam1	become wedged.
Jam1	cause
Jam1	To become wedged or
Jam1	Become wedged and unworkable.
Jam1	a block
Jam1	By crowding etc.
Jam1	obstruct the exit of
Jam1	apply
Jam1	Forcefully or abruptly.
Jam1	make
Jam1	unintelligible by interference.
Jam1	Improvise with other musicians.
Jam1	squeeze, crush.
Jam1	crowded mass
Jam1	Predicament.
Jam1	stoppage
Jam1	Due to jamming.
Jam1	Improvised ensemble playing.
Jam2	conserve of boiled fruit and sugar.
Jam2	Easy or pleasant thing
Jamb	Side post or side face of a doorway, window, or fireplace.
Jamboree	celebration.
Jamboree	large rally of scouts.
Jamjar	Glass jar for jam.
Jammy	covered with jam.
Jammy	lucky.
Jammy	profitable.
Jam-packed	Full to capacity.
Jan.	January.
Jangle	make a
Jangle	metallic sound.
Jangle	irritate
Jangle	By discord etc.
Jangle	Harsh metallic sound.
Janitor	doorkeeper.
Janitor	caretaker.
January	first month of the year.
Jap	Often offens.
Japan	Hard usu. Black varnish, orig. From japan.
Japan	varnish with japan.
Japan	make black and glossy.
Japanese	a native or national of japan.
Japanese	person of japanese descent.
Japanese	language of japan.
Japanese	Of japan, its people, or its language.
Jape	Practical joke.
Jape	play a joke.
Japonica	Flowering shrub with bright red flowers and round edible fruits.
Jar1	a container, usu. Of glass and cylindrical.
Jar1	contents of this.
Jar1	Glass of beer.
Jar2	Sound discordant, grate
Jar2	strike
Jar2	with vibration or shock
Jar2	vibrate with shock etc.
Jar2	be at variance or in conflict.
Jar2	jarring sound or sensation.
Jar2	physical shock or jolt.
Jardinière	ornamental pot or stand for plants.
Jardinière	dish of mixed vegetables.
Jargon	words or expressions used by a particular group or profession
Jargon	debased or pretentious language.
Jasmine	Ornamental shrub with white or yellow flowers.
Jasper	Opaque quartz, usu. Red, yellow, or brown.
Jaundice	yellowing of the skin etc. Caused by liver disease, bile disorder, etc.
Jaundice	disordered
Jaundice	vision.
Jaundice	envy.
Jaundice	affect with jaundice.
Jaundice	(esp. As jaundiced
Jaundice	) Affect
Jaundice	with envy, resentment, etc.
Jaunt	Short pleasure trip.
Jaunt	Take a jaunt.
Jaunting car	Light horse-drawn vehicle formerly used in ireland.
Jaunty	cheerful and self-confident.
Jaunty	sprightly.
Jaunty	Jauntiness
Javanese	a native of java.
Javanese	person of javanese descent.
Javanese	language of java.
Javanese	of java, its people, or its language.
Javelin	Light spear thrown in sport or, formerly, as a weapon.
Jaw	a upper or lower bony structure in vertebrates containing the teeth.
Jaw	corresponding parts of certain invertebrates.
Jaw	a (in
Jaw	) The mouth with its bones and teeth.
Jaw	narrow mouth of a valley, channel, etc.
Jaw	gripping parts of a tool etc.
Jaw	grip
Jaw	Tedious talk
Jaw	Speak, esp. At tedious length.
Jawbone	Lower jaw in most mammals.
Jaw-breaker	Long or hard word.
Jay	Noisy european bird of the crow family with vivid plumage.
Jaywalk	Cross a road carelessly or dangerously.
Jazz	rhythmic syncopated esp. Improvised music of black us origin.
Jazz	pretentious talk or behaviour
Jazz	Play or dance to jazz.
Jazzman	Jazz-player.
Jazzy	of or like jazz.
Jazzy	vivid, showy.
Jcb	Propr. Mechanical excavator with a shovel and a digging arm.
Jcr	Junior common
Jcr	room.
Jealous	resentful of rivalry in love.
Jealous	envious
Jealous	fiercely protective
Jealous	intolerant of disloyalty.
Jealous	Vigilant.
Jealousy	jealous state or feeling.
Jealousy	instance of this.
Jeans	pl. Casual esp. Denim trousers.
Jeep	Propr. Small sturdy esp. Military vehicle with four-wheel drive.
Jeepers	expressing surprise etc.
Jeer	scoff derisively; deride.
Jeer	Taunt.
Jehovah	Hebrew name of god in the old testament.
Jehovah's witness	Member of a millenarian christian sect rejecting the supremacy of the state and religious institutions over personal conscience, faith, etc.
Jejune	intellectually unsatisfying; shallow, meagre, scanty, dry.
Jejune	puerile.
Jejune	barren.
Jejunum	Small intestine between the duodenum and ileum.
Jekyll and hyde	Person having opposing good and evil personalities.
Jell	a set as jelly.
Jell	Take a definite form.
Jell	cohere.
Jellify	turn into jelly; make or become like jelly.
Jelly	translucent dessert set with gelatin.
Jelly	similar preparation as a jam, condiment, or sweet
Jelly	similar preparation from meat, bones, etc., and gelatin
Jelly	any similar substance.
Jelly	gelignite.
Jelly	set as or in a jelly, congeal
Jelly baby	Jelly-like baby-shaped sweet.
Jellyfish	marine animal with a jelly-like body and stinging tentacles.
Jemmy	burglar's short crowbar.
Jenny	hist.
Jenny	female donkey.
Jenny-wren	Female wren.
Jeopardize	endanger.
Jeopardy	Danger, esp. Severe.
Jerboa	Small jumping desert rodent.
Jeremiad	Doleful complaint or lamentation.
Jeremiah	Dismal prophet, denouncer of the times.
Jerk1	sharp sudden pull, twist, twitch, start, etc.
Jerk1	spasmodic muscular twitch.
Jerk1	(in
Jerk1	Exercises
Jerk1	fool.
Jerk1	Move, pull, thrust, twist, throw, etc., with a jerk.
Jerk1	masturbate.
Jerk2	Cure
Jerk2	by cutting it in long slices and drying it in the sun.
Jerkin	sleeveless jacket.
Jerkin	hist. Man's close-fitting, esp. Leather, jacket.
Jerky	moving suddenly or abruptly.
Jerky	spasmodic.
Jerky	Jerkiness
Jeroboam	Wine bottle of
Jeroboam	–12 times the ordinary size.
Jerry	german
Jerry	germans collectively.
Jerry	chamber-pot.
Jerry-builder	Incompetent builder using cheap materials.
Jerry-builder	Jerry-built
Jerrycan	a kind of
Jerrycan	petrol- or water-can.
Jersey	a knitted usu. Woollen pullover.
Jersey	plain-knitted
Jersey	fabric.
Jersey	light brown dairy cow from jersey.
Jerusalem artichoke	a kind of sunflower with edible tubers.
Jerusalem artichoke	this as a vegetable.
Jest	joke; fun.
Jest	a raillery, banter.
Jest	object of derision.
Jest	Joke; fool about.
Jester	Hist. Professional clown at a medieval court etc.
Jesuit	Member of the society of jesus, a roman catholic order.
Jesuitical	of the jesuits.
Jesuitical	often offens. Equivocating, casuistic.
Jesus	Exclamation of surprise, dismay, etc.
Jet1	stream of water, steam, gas, flame, etc., shot esp. From a small opening.
Jet1	spout or nozzle for this purpose.
Jet1	jet engine or jet plane.
Jet1	spurt out in jets.
Jet1	Send or travel by jet plane.
Jet2	(often
Jet2	) Hard black lignite often carved and highly polished.
Jet black	(as
Jet black	Often hyphenated) deep glossy black.
Jet engine	Engine using jet propulsion, esp. Of an aircraft.
Jet lag	Exhaustion etc. Felt after a long flight across time zones.
Jet plane	Plane with a jet engine.
Jet-propelled	having jet propulsion.
Jet-propelled	very fast.
Jet propulsion	Propulsion by the backward ejection of a high-speed jet of gas etc.
Jetsam	Objects washed ashore, esp. Jettisoned from a ship.
Jet set	Wealthy people who travel widely, esp. For pleasure.
Jet set	Jet-setting
Jettison	a throw
Jettison	overboard to lighten a ship etc.
Jettison	drop
Jettison	from an aircraft.
Jettison	abandon; get rid of.
Jettison	Jettisoning.
Jetty	pier or breakwater to protect or defend a harbour, coast, etc.
Jetty	landing-pier.
Jew	person of hebrew descent or whose religion is judaism.
Jew	offens. Miserly person.
Jewel	a precious stone.
Jewel	this used in watchmaking.
Jewel	jewelled personal ornament.
Jewel	precious person or thing.
Jewel	(esp. As jewelled
Jewel	) Adorn or set with jewels.
Jeweler	maker of or dealer in jewels or jewellery.
Jeweller	maker of or dealer in jewels or jewellery.
Jewellery	rings, brooches, necklaces, etc., regarded collectively.
Jewess	Often offens. Woman or girl of hebrew descent or whose religion is judaism.
Jewish	of jews.
Jewish	of judaism.
Jewry	Jews collectively.
Jew's harp	Small musical instrument held between the teeth.
Jezebel	Shameless or immoral woman.
Jib1	triangular staysail.
Jib1	projecting arm of a crane.
Jib2	stop and refuse to go on.
Jib2	show aversion to.
Jibe2	swing across.
Jibe2	cause
Jibe2	to do this.
Jibe2	change course so that this happens.
Jiff	(also jiffy,
Jiff	-ies)
Jiff	Short time; moment
Jiffy bag	Propr. Padded envelope.
Jig	a lively leaping dance.
Jig	music for this.
Jig	device that holds a piece of work and guides the tools operating on it.
Jig	dance a jig.
Jig	move quickly and jerkily up and down; fidget.
Jig	work on or equip with a jig or jigs.
Jigger	billiards
Jigger	Cue-rest.
Jigger	a measure of spirits etc.
Jigger	small glass holding this.
Jiggered	confounded
Jiggery-pokery	Trickery; swindling.
Jiggle	Shake or jerk lightly; fidget.
Jiggle	Light shake.
Jigsaw	picture on board or wood etc. Cut into irregular interlocking pieces to be reassembled as a pastime.
Jigsaw	problem consisting of various pieces of information.
Jigsaw	mechanical fretsaw with a fine blade.
Jihad	muslim holy war against unbelievers.
Jilt	Abruptly reject or abandon (esp.
Jilt	lover).
Jim crow	segregation of blacks.
Jim crow	offens.
Jim crow	black.
Jim-jams	Nervousness; depression.
Jingle	mixed ringing or clinking noise.
Jingle	a repetition of sounds in a phrase etc.
Jingle	short catchy verse or song in advertising etc.
Jingle	make a jingling sound.
Jingle	be full of alliteration, rhymes, etc.
Jingo	supporter of war; blustering patriot.
Jingo	Jingoist
Jingo	Jingoistic
Jink	move elusively; dodge.
Jink	elude by dodging.
Jink	Dodging or eluding.
Jinnee	spirit in human or animal form having power over people.
Jinx	Person or thing that seems to cause bad luck.
Jinx	(esp. As jinxed
Jinx	) Subject to bad luck.
Jitter	extreme nervousness.
Jitter	Be nervous; act nervously.
Jitter	Jitteriness
Jitterbug	nervous person.
Jitterbug	hist. Fast popular dance.
Jitterbug	hist. Dance the jitterbug.
Jive	lively dance popular esp. In the
Jive	950s.
Jive	music for this.
Jive	dance to or play jive music.
Jnr.	Junior.
Job	piece of work to be done; task.
Job	position in, or piece of, paid employment.
Job	Difficult task
Job	crime, esp.
Job	robbery.
Job	state of affairs etc.
Job	do jobs; do piece-work.
Job	deal in stocks; buy and sell
Job	deal corruptly with
Job	Exactly what is wanted. Make a job
Job	of do well. On the job
Job	at work.
Job	engaged in sexual intercourse. Out of a job unemployed.
Jobber	person who jobs.
Jobber	hist. Principal or wholesaler on the stock exchange.
Jobbery	Corrupt dealing.
Jobbing	Freelance; pieceworking
Jobcentre	Local government office advertising available jobs.
Job-hunt	Seek employment.
Jobless	Unemployed.
Job lot	Mixed lot bought at auction etc.
Job's comforter	Person who intends to comfort but increases distress.
Jobs for the boys	Appointments for members of one's own group etc.
Job-sharing	Sharing of a full-time job by two or more people.
Jobsheet	Sheet for recording details of jobs done.
Jock	scotsman.
Jockey	rider in horse-races, esp. Professional.
Jockey	trick, cheat, or outwit.
Jockey	Manoeuvre
Jockstrap	Support or protection for the male genitals, worn esp. In sport.
Jocose	Playful; jocular.
Jocose	Jocosity
Jocular	fond of joking.
Jocular	humorous.
Jocular	. Jocularly
Jocund	Literary merry, cheerful.
Jocund	. Jocundly
Jodhpurs	pl. Riding breeches tight below the knee.
Joe bloggs	Hypothetical average man.
Jog	run slowly, esp. As exercise.
Jog	push or jerk, esp. Unsteadily.
Jog	nudge, esp. To alert.
Jog	stimulate
Jog	trudge; proceed ploddingly
Jog	trot.
Jog	spell of jogging; slow walk or trot.
Jog	push, jerk, or nudge.
Jogger	Person who jogs, esp. For exercise.
Joggle	move in jerks.
Joggle	Slight shake.
Jogtrot	Slow regular trot.
John	lavatory.
John bull	England or the typical englishman.
John dory	edible marine fish.
Johnny	condom.
Johnny	Fellow; man.
Johnny-come-lately	Newcomer; upstart.
Joie de vivre	Exuberance; high spirits.
Join	put together; fasten, unite
Join	connect
Join	by a line etc.
Join	become a member of
Join	a take one's place with
Join	Take part with
Join	in an activity etc.
Join	come together; be united.
Join	Be or become connected or continuous with.
Join	Point, line, or surface at which things are joined.
Join	clasp hands.
Join	combine in an action etc. Join in
Join	Take part in
Join	. Join up
Join	enlist for military service.
Join	unite, connect.
Joiner	maker of finished wood fittings.
Joiner	Person who joins an organization or who readily joins societies etc.
Joiner	(in sense
Joint	place at which two or more things or parts of a structure are joined; device for joining these.
Joint	point at which two bones fit together.
Joint	division of an animal carcass as meat.
Joint	restaurant, bar, etc.
Joint	marijuana cigarette.
Joint	geol. Crack in rock.
Joint	held, done by, or belonging to, two or more persons etc.
Joint	sharing with another
Joint	connect by joint
Joint	divide at a joint or into joints.
Joint	dislocated.
Joint	out of order.
Joint stock	Capital held jointly; common fund.
Joint-stock company	Company formed on the basis of a joint stock.
Jointure	Estate settled on a wife by her husband for use after his death.
Jointure	Provide with a jointure.
Joist	Supporting beam in a floor, ceiling, etc.
Jojoba	Plant with seeds yielding an oily extract used in cosmetics etc.
Joke	thing said or done to cause laughter; witticism.
Joke	ridiculous person or thing.
Joke	make jokes; tease
Joke	Serious matter.
Joke	Joky
Joke	. Jokily
Joke	Jokiness
Joker	person who jokes.
Joker	person.
Joker	playing-card used in some games.
Jollify	make merry.
Jollity	merrymaking; festivity.
Jolly1	cheerful; merry.
Jolly1	festive, jovial.
Jolly1	Pleasant, delightful.
Jolly1	Very.
Jolly1	Coax or humour in a friendly way.
Jolly1	Party or celebration.
Jolly1	Jolliness
Jolly2	clinker-built ship's boat smaller than a cutter.
Jolly roger	Pirates' black flag, usu. With skull and crossbones.
Jolt	disturb or shake
Jolt	with a jerk.
Jolt	shock; perturb.
Jolt	move along jerkily.
Jolt	jerk.
Jolt	surprise or shock.
Jonah	Person who seems to bring bad luck.
Jonquil	Narcissus with small fragrant yellow or white flowers.
Josh	tease, banter.
Josh	indulge in ridicule.
Josh	Good-natured or teasing joke.
Joss	Chinese idol.
Joss-stick	Incense-stick for burning.
Jostle	Push against; elbow, esp. Roughly or in a crowd.
Jostle	struggle roughly.
Jostle	Jostling.
Jot	write briefly or hastily.
Jot	Very small amount
Jotter	Small pad or notebook.
Jotting	(usu. In
Jotting	) Jotted note.
Joule	Si unit of work or energy.
Journal	newspaper or periodical.
Journal	daily record of events; diary.
Journal	book in which transactions and accounts are entered.
Journal	part of a shaft or axle that rests on bearings.
Journalese	Hackneyed writing characteristic of newspapers.
Journalism	Profession of writing for or editing newspapers etc.
Journalist	Person writing for or editing newspapers etc.
Journey	act of going from one place to another, esp. At a long distance.
Journey	time taken for this
Journey	make a journey.
Journeyman	qualified mechanic or artisan who works for another.
Journeyman	derog. Reliable but not outstanding worker.
Jove	jupiter.
Jovial	Merry, convivial, hearty.
Jovial	Jovially
Jowl1	jaw or jawbone.
Jowl1	cheek
Jowl2	Loose hanging skin on the throat or neck.
Joy	pleasure; extreme gladness.
Joy	thing causing joy.
Joy	Satisfaction, success
Joy	Joyfully
Joy	Joyfulness
Joy	Joyless
Joy	Joyous
Joy	Joyously
Joyride	Pleasure ride in esp.
Joyride	stolen car.
Joyride	go for a joyride.
Joystick	Control column of an aircraft.
Joystick	lever controlling movement of an image on a vdu screen etc.
Jp	Justice of the peace.
Jr.	Junior.
Jubilant	Exultant, rejoicing.
Jubilant	Jubilantly
Jubilant	Jubilation
Jubilee	anniversary, esp. The
Jubilee	5th or
Jubilee	0th.
Jubilee	time of rejoicing.
Judaic	Of or characteristic of the jews.
Judaism	Religion of the jews.
Judas	Traitor.
Judder	Shake noisily or violently.
Judder	Juddering.
Judge	public official appointed to hear and try legal cases.
Judge	person appointed to decide in a contest, dispute, etc.
Judge	a person who decides a question.
Judge	person regarded as having judgement of a specified type
Judge	form an opinion or judgement
Judge	; estimate, appraise.
Judge	act as a judge
Judge	a try
Judge	at law.
Judge	pronounce sentence on.
Judge	conclude, consider.
Judgement	critical faculty; discernment
Judgement	good sense.
Judgement	opinion or estimate
Judgement	sentence of a court of justice.
Judgement	often joc. Deserved misfortune.
Judgemental	of or by way of judgement.
Judgemental	condemning, critical.
Judgement day	day on which mankind will be judged by god.
Judicature	administration of justice.
Judicature	judge's position.
Judicature	judges collectively.
Judicial	of, done by, or proper to a court of law.
Judicial	having the function of judgement
Judicial	of or proper to a judge.
Judicial	impartial.
Judiciary	judges of a state collectively.
Judicious	Sensible, prudent.
Judo	Sport derived from ju-jitsu.
Jug	deep vessel for liquids, with a handle and a lip for pouring.
Jug	contents of this.
Jug	prison.
Jug	(usu. As jugged
Jug	) Stew or boil
Jug	in a casserole etc.
Juggernaut	large heavy lorry etc.
Juggernaut	overwhelming force or object.
Juggle	keep several objects in the air at once by throwing and catching.
Juggle	perform such feats with
Juggle	deal with
Juggle	at once.
Juggle	misrepresent or rearrange
Juggle	adroitly.
Juggle	juggling.
Juggle	fraud.
Jugular	Of the neck or throat.
Jugular vein	Any of several large veins in the neck carrying blood from the head.
Juice	liquid part of vegetables or fruits.
Juice	animal fluid, esp.
Juice	secretion
Juice	Petrol; electricity.
Juicy	full of juice; succulent.
Juicy	Interesting; racy, scandalous.
Juicy	Profitable.
Juicy	Juiciness
Ju-jitsu	japanese system of unarmed combat and physical training.
Ju-ju	charm or fetish of some w. African peoples.
Ju-ju	supernatural power attributed to this.
Jujube	Small flavoured jelly-like lozenge.
Jukebox	Coin-operated record-playing machine.
Jul.	July.
Julep	a sweet drink, esp. As a vehicle for medicine.
Julep	medicated drink as a mild stimulant etc.
Julep	us iced and flavoured spirits and water
Julian	Of julius caesar.
Julian calendar	Calendar introduced by julius caesar, with a year of
Julian calendar	65 days, every fourth year having
Julienne	Vegetables cut into short thin strips.
Julienne	Cut into thin strips.
Juliet cap	Small net skullcap worn by brides etc.
July	seventh month of the year.
Jumble	confuse; mix up; muddle.
Jumble	confused state or heap; muddle.
Jumble	articles in a jumble sale.
Jumble sale	Sale of second-hand articles, esp. For charity.
Jumbo	(often
Jumbo	) Large animal
Jumbo	, person, or thing
Jumbo	large airliner for several hundred passengers.
Jump	rise off the ground etc. By sudden muscular effort in the legs.
Jump	Move suddenly or hastily
Jump	jerk or twitch from shock or excitement etc.
Jump	a change, esp. Advance in status or rise, rapidly
Jump	cause to do this.
Jump	change the subject etc. Rapidly.
Jump	pass over
Jump	By jumping.
Jump	skip
Jump	cause
Jump	To jump.
Jump	reach
Jump	hastily.
Jump	leave
Jump	1 pass
Jump	2 get on or off
Jump	Quickly, esp. Illegally or dangerously.
Jump	3 attack
Jump	unexpectedly.
Jump	act of jumping.
Jump	sudden jerk caused by shock or excitement.
Jump	abrupt rise in amount, value, status, etc.
Jump	obstacle to be jumped.
Jump	a sudden transition.
Jump	gap in a series, logical sequence, etc.
Jump	Reprimand or contradict a person fiercely. Jump the gun
Jump	Begin prematurely. Jump on
Jump	Attack or criticize severely. Jump out of one's skin
Jump	Be extremely startled. Jump the queue take unfair precedence. Jump ship
Jump	desert. Jump to it
Jump	Act promptly. One jump ahead one stage further on than a rival etc.
Jumped-up	Upstart.
Jumper1	knitted pullover.
Jumper1	loose outer jacket worn by sailors.
Jumper1	us pinafore dress.
Jumper2	person or animal that jumps.
Jumper2	short wire used to make or break an electrical circuit.
Jumping bean	Seed of a mexican plant that jumps with the movement of a larva inside.
Jump-jet	Vertical take-off jet aircraft.
Jump-lead	Cable for conveying current from the battery of one vehicle to that of another.
Jump-off	Deciding round in showjumping.
Jump-start	Start
Jump-start	by pushing it or with jump-leads.
Jump-start	Act of jump-starting.
Jump suit	One-piece garment for the whole body.
Jumpy	nervous; easily startled.
Jumpy	making sudden movements.
Jun.	june.
Jun.	junior.
Junction	joint; joining-point.
Junction	place where railway lines or roads meet.
Junction	joining.
Junction box	Box containing a junction of electric cables etc.
Juncture	critical convergence of events; point of time
Juncture	joining-point.
Juncture	joining.
June	Sixth month of the year.
Jungian	Of the swiss psychologist carl jung or his theories.
Jungian	Supporter of jung or of his theories.
Jungle	a land overgrown with tangled vegetation, esp. In the tropics.
Jungle	an area of this.
Jungle	wild tangled mass.
Jungle	place of bewildering complexity, confusion, or struggle.
Junior	inferior in age, standing, or position.
Junior	the younger
Junior	of the lower or lowest position
Junior	for younger pupils, usu. Aged
Junior	–11.
Junior	junior person.
Junior	person at the lowest level
Junior common room	common-room for undergraduates in a college.
Junior common room	undergraduates of a college collectively.
Juniper	Evergreen shrub or tree with prickly leaves and dark-purple berry-like cones.
Junk1	discarded articles; rubbish.
Junk1	anything regarded as of little value.
Junk1	narcotic drug, esp. Heroin.
Junk1	Discard as junk.
Junk2	Flat-bottomed sailing-vessel in the china seas.
Junk bond	Bond bearing high interest but deemed to be a risky investment.
Junket	pleasure outing.
Junket	official's tour at public expense.
Junket	sweetened and flavoured milk curds.
Junket	feast.
Junket	feast, picnic.
Junk food	Food, such as sweets and crisps, with low nutritional value.
Junkie	drug addict.
Junk mail	Unsolicited advertising matter sent by post.
Junk shop	Second-hand or cheap antiques shop.
Junta	clique taking power in a coup d'état.
Jural	of law.
Jural	of rights and obligations.
Juridical	of judicial proceedings.
Juridical	relating to the law.
Jurisdiction	administration of justice.
Jurisdiction	a legal or other authority.
Jurisdiction	extent of this; territory it extends over.
Jurisprudence	Science or philosophy of law.
Jurist	Expert in law.
Juror	member of a jury.
Juror	person taking an oath.
Jury	body of usu. Twelve people giving a verdict in a court of justice.
Jury	body of people awarding prizes in a competition.
Jury-box	Enclosure for the jury in a lawcourt.
Jury-rigged	Having temporary makeshift rigging.
Just	morally right or fair.
Just	Deserved
Just	well-grounded; justified
Just	right in amount etc.; proper.
Just	exactly
Just	a little time ago; very recently
Just	Simply, merely
Just	barely; no more than
Just	Positively; indeed
Just	quite
Just	Almost exactly; almost completely. Just in case as a precaution. Just now
Just	at this moment.
Just	a little time ago. Just the same = all the same. Just so
Just	exactly arranged
Just	it is exactly as you say.
Just	Justness
Justice	justness, fairness.
Justice	authority exercised in the maintenance of right.
Justice	judicial proceedings
Justice	magistrate; judge.
Justice	treat fairly.
Justice	appreciate properly. Do oneself justice perform at one's best. With justice reasonably.
Justice of the peace	Unpaid lay magistrate appointed to hear minor cases.
Justifiable	Able to be justified.
Justify	show the justice or correctness of
Justify	cite or constitute adequate grounds for
Justify	; vindicate.
Justify	(as justified
Justify	) Just, right
Justify	printing adjust
Justify	to give even margins.
Justify	Justificatory
Jut	protrude, project.
Jut	Projection.
Jute	fibre from the bark of an e. Indian plant, used esp. For sacking, mats, etc.
Jute	plant yielding this.
Juvenile	a youthful.
Juvenile	of or for young people.
Juvenile	often derog. Immature
Juvenile	young person.
Juvenile	actor playing a juvenile part.
Juvenile court	Court for children under
Juvenile delinquency	Offences committed by people below the age of legal responsibility.
Juvenilia	pl. Author's or artist's youthful works.
Juxtapose	place
Juxtapose	side by side.
Juxtapose	place
Juxtapose	beside another.
Juxtapose	Juxtapositional
K1	eleventh letter of the alphabet.
K2	kelvin
K2	king, king's.
K2	köchel
K2	a computing unit of
K2	,024 (i.e.
K2	10) bytes or bits, or loosely
K2	,000. B
K2	,000.
K3	Potassium.
K	kilo-.
K	knot
Kaffir	hist. Member or language of a s. African people of the bantu family.
Kaffir	s.afr. Offens. Any black african.
Kafkaesque	Impenetrably oppressive or nightmarish, as in the fiction of franz kafka.
Kaiser	Hist. Emperor, esp. Of germany, austria, or the holy roman empire.
Kalashnikov	Type of soviet rifle or sub-machine-gun.
Kale	Variety of cabbage, esp. With wrinkled leaves and no heart.
Kaleidoscope	tube containing mirrors and pieces of coloured glass etc. Producing changing reflected patterns when shaken.
Kaleidoscope	constantly changing pattern, group, etc.
Kaleyard	Scot. Kitchen garden.
Kamikaze	Hist.
Kamikaze	explosive-laden japanese aircraft deliberately crashed on a ship etc. During the war of
Kamikaze	939–45.
Kamikaze	pilot of this.
Kamikaze	of a kamikaze.
Kamikaze	reckless, esp. Suicidal.
Kangaroo	australian marsupial with strong hind legs for jumping.
Kangaroo court	Illegal court, e.g. Held by strikers or mutineers.
Kaolin	Fine soft white clay used esp. For porcelain and in medicines.
Kapok	Fine fibrous cotton-like substance from a tropical tree, used for padding.
Kappa	Tenth letter of the greek alphabet
Kaput	broken, ruined.
Karabiner	Coupling link used by mountaineers.
Karakul	asian sheep with a dark curled fleece when young.
Karakul	fur of or like this.
Karaoke	Entertainment in nightclubs etc. With customers singing to a backing track.
Karate	Japanese system of unarmed combat using the hands and feet as weapons.
Karma	Buddhism
Karma	hinduism person's actions in previous lives, believed to decide his or her fate in future existences.
Kauri	coniferous new zealand tree yielding timber and resin.
Kayak	eskimo one-man canoe of wood and sealskins.
Kayak	small covered canoe.
Kazoo	Toy musical instrument into which the player sings or hums.
Kbe	Knight commander of the order of the british empire.
Kc	King's counsel.
Kc/s	Kilocycles per second.
Kea	New zealand parrot with brownish-green and red plumage.
Kebab	Pieces of meat, vegetables, etc. Cooked on a skewer
Kedge	move
Kedge	with a hawser attached to a small anchor.
Kedge	move in this way.
Kedge	small anchor for this purpose.
Kedgeree	Dish of fish, rice, hard-boiled eggs, etc.
Keel	Main lengthwise member of the base of a ship etc.
Keel	fall down or over.
Keel	turn keel upwards.
Keelhaul	drag
Keelhaul	under the keel of a ship as a punishment.
Keelhaul	scold or rebuke severely.
Keelson	line of timber fastening a ship's floor-timbers to its keel.
Keen1	enthusiastic, eager.
Keen1	enthusiastic about, fond of.
Keen1	sharp.
Keen1	intellectually acute.
Keen1	Sharp.
Keen1	Penetrating, vivid.
Keen1	Piercingly cold.
Keen1	Acute.
Keen1	competitive.
Keen1	Keenness
Keen2	Irish wailing funeral song.
Keen2	wail mournfully, esp. At a funeral.
Keep	(past and
Keep	Kept)
Keep	have continuous charge of; retain possession of.
Keep	retain or reserve for
Keep	retain or remain in a specified condition, position, place, etc.
Keep	restrain, hold back.
Keep	detain
Keep	observe, honour, or respect
Keep	own and look after
Keep	a clothe, feed, maintain, etc.
Keep	maintain
Keep	with a supply of.
Keep	carry on; manage
Keep	0 maintain
Keep	Regularly and in proper order.
Keep	1 normally have on sale
Keep	2 guard or protect
Keep	3 preserve
Keep	continue; repeat habitually
Keep	5 continue to follow
Keep	6 a
Keep	remain in good condition.
Keep	Not suffer from delay in telling.
Keep	remain in
Keep	8 maintain
Keep	as one's mistress etc.
Keep	maintenance, food, etc.
Keep	hist. Tower, esp. The central stronghold of a castle.
Keep	Permanently, indefinitely. How are you keeping? How are you? Keep at
Keep	persist with. Keep away
Keep	avoid, prevent from being near. Keep back
Keep	remain or keep at a distance.
Keep	retard the progress of.
Keep	conceal.
Keep	withhold
Keep	. Keep down
Keep	hold in subjection.
Keep	keep low in amount.
Keep	stay hidden.
Keep	not vomit
Keep	. Keep one's hair on see *hair. Keep one's hand in see *hand. Keep in with remain on good terms with. Keep off
Keep	stay away from.
Keep	ward off.
Keep	abstain from.
Keep	avoid
Keep	. Keep on
Keep	continue; do continually
Keep	continue to employ.
Keep	nag. Keep out
Keep	keep or remain outside.
Keep	exclude. Keep to
Keep	adhere to
Keep	confine oneself to. Keep to oneself
Keep	avoid contact with others.
Keep	keep secret. Keep track of see *track. Keep under repress. Keep up
Keep	maintain
Keep	keep in repair etc.
Keep	carry on
Keep	prevent from going to bed.
Keep	not fall behind.
Keeper	person who looks after or is in charge of animals, people, or a thing.
Keeper	custodian of a museum, forest, etc.
Keeper	a sleeper in a pierced ear.
Keeper	ring that keeps another on the finger.
Keep-fit	Regular physical exercises.
Keeping	custody, charge
Keeping	agreement, harmony
Keepsake	Souvenir, esp. Of a person.
Keg	Small barrel.
Keg beer	Beer kept in a metal keg under pressure.
Kelp	large brown seaweed suitable for manure.
Kelp	its calcined ashes, formerly a source of sodium, potassium, etc.
Kelpie	Scot.
Kelpie	malevolent water-spirit, usu. In the form of a horse.
Kelpie	australian sheepdog.
Kelt	Salmon or sea trout after spawning.
Kelvin	Si unit of thermodynamic temperature.
Kelvin scale	Scale of temperature with zero at absolute zero.
Ken	Range of knowledge or sight
Ken	(-nn-; past and
Ken	Kenned or kent) scot. &
Ken	engl.
Ken	recognize at sight.
Ken	know.
Kendo	Japanese fencing with two-handed bamboo swords.
Kennel	small shelter for a dog.
Kennel	(in
Kennel	) Breeding or boarding place for dogs.
Kennel	put into or keep in a kennel.
Kenyan	Of kenya in e. Africa.
Kenyan	native or national of kenya.
Kenyan	person of kenyan descent.
Kepi	french military cap with a horizontal peak.
Keratin	Fibrous protein in hair, feathers, hooves, claws, horns, etc.
Kerb	Stone edging to a pavement or raised path.
Kerb-crawling	Driving slowly in order to engage a prostitute.
Kerb drill	Precautions before crossing a road.
Kerbstone	Stone forming part of a kerb.
Kerchief	headscarf, neckerchief.
Kerchief	poet. Handkerchief.
Kerfuffle	Fuss, commotion.
Kermes	female of an insect with a berry-like appearance.
Kermes	evergreen oak on which this feeds.
Kermes	red dye made from these insects dried.
Kernel	edible centre within the hard shell of a nut, fruit stone, seed, etc.
Kernel	whole seed of a cereal.
Kernel	essence of anything.
Kerosene	esp. Us fuel oil for use in jet engines, boilers, etc.; paraffin oil.
Kestrel	Small hovering falcon.
Ketch	Small two-masted sailing-boat.
Ketchup	spicy esp. Tomato sauce used as a condiment.
Ketone	Any of a class of organic compounds including propanone
Kettle	Vessel for boiling water in.
Kettle	fine
Kettle	kettle of fish iron. An awkward state of affairs.
Kettledrum	Large bowl-shaped drum.
Key1	instrument for moving the bolt of a lock.
Key1	similar implement for operating a switch.
Key1	instrument for grasping screws, nuts, etc., or for winding a clock etc.
Key1	(often in
Key1	) Finger-operated button or lever on a typewriter, piano, computer terminal, etc.
Key1	means of advance, access, etc.
Key1	Essential
Key1	a solution or explanation.
Key1	word or system for solving a cipher or code.
Key1	explanatory list of symbols used in a map, table, etc.
Key1	System of notes related to each other and based on a particular note
Key2	Low-lying island or reef, esp. In the w. Indies.
Keyboard	set of keys on a typewriter, computer, piano, etc.
Keyboard	electronic musical instrument with keys arranged as on a piano.
Keyboard	Enter
Keyboard	by means of a keyboard.
Keyboard	(in sense
Keyboard	). Keyboardist
Keyboard	(in sense
Keyhole	Hole in a door etc. For a key.
Keyhole surgery	Minimally invasive surgery carried out through a very small incision.
Keynesian	Of the economic theories of j. M. Keynes, esp. Regarding state intervention in the economy.
Keynote	(esp.
Keynote	) Prevailing tone or idea, esp. In a speech, conference, etc.
Keynote	Note on which a key is based.
Keypad	Miniature keyboard etc. For a portable electronic device, telephone, etc.
Keypunch	Device for recording data by means of punched holes or notches on cards or paper tape.
Keypunch	Record
Keypunch	thus.
Key-ring	Ring for keeping keys on.
Key signature	Any of several combinations of sharps or flats indicating the key of a composition.
Keystone	central principle of a system, policy, etc.
Keystone	central locking stone in an arch.
Keystroke	Single depression of a key on a keyboard, esp. As a measure of work.
Keyword	key to a cipher etc.
Keyword	a word of great significance.
Keyword	significant word used in indexing.
Kg	Knight of the order of the garter.
Kg	Kilogram
Kgb	State security police of the former ussr.
Khaki	Dull brownish-yellow.
Khaki	khaki fabric or uniform.
Khaki	dull brownish-yellow colour.
Khan	Title of rulers and officials in central asia, afghanistan, etc.
Khz	Kilohertz.
Kibbutz	communal esp. Farming settlement in israel.
Kibosh	nonsense.
Kick	strike, strike out, or propel forcibly, with the foot or hoof.
Kick	protest at; rebel against.
Kick	give up
Kick	Expel or dismiss forcibly.
Kick	refl. Be annoyed with oneself.
Kick	football score
Kick	by a kick.
Kick	kicking action or blow.
Kick	sharp stimulant effect, esp. Of alcohol.
Kick	(often in
Kick	) Thrill
Kick	strength, resilience
Kick	Specified temporary interest
Kick	recoil of a gun when fired.
Kick	a drift idly from place to place.
Kick	be unused or unwanted.
Kick	a treat roughly.
Kick	discuss unsystematically. Kick the bucket
Kick	die. Kick one's heels see *heel1.
Kickback	recoil.
Kickback	payment for help or favours, esp. In business.
Kick-off	Football start or resumption of a match.
Kickstand	Rod for supporting a bicycle or motor cycle when stationary.
Kick-start	device to start the engine of a motor cycle etc. By the downward thrust of a pedal.
Kick-start	Start
Kick-start	In this way.
Kid1	young goat.
Kid1	leather from this.
Kid1	Child.
Kid1	give birth.
Kid2	Deceive, trick, tease
Kid2	that is the truth.
Kidnap	abduct
Kidnap	, esp. To obtain a ransom.
Kidnap	steal
Kidney	either of two organs in the abdominal cavity of vertebrates which remove nitrogenous wastes from the blood and excrete urine.
Kidney	animal's kidney as food.
Kidney bean	Red-skinned dried bean.
Kidney machine	Machine able to take over the function of a damaged kidney.
Kidney-shaped	Having one side concave and the other convex.
Kill	Deprive of life or vitality; cause death or the death of.
Kill	destroy
Kill	refl.
Kill	overexert oneself
Kill	laugh heartily.
Kill	Overwhelm with amusement.
Kill	switch off
Kill	computing
Kill	Delete.
Kill	Cause pain or discomfort to
Kill	pass
Kill	usu. While waiting
Kill	defeat
Kill	0 a tennis etc. Hit
Kill	so that it cannot be returned.
Kill	stop
Kill	dead.
Kill	1 make ineffective
Kill	act of killing
Kill	animal
Kill	killed, esp. By a hunter.
Kill	Destruction or disablement of an enemy aircraft etc.
Kill	destroy completely.
Kill	bring about the death of
Kill	. Kill or cure (usu.
Kill	Drastic, extreme. Kill two birds with one stone achieve two aims at once. Kill with kindness spoil with overindulgence.
Killer	a person, animal, or thing that kills.
Killer	murderer.
Killer	impressive, formidable, or excellent thing.
Killer	hilarious joke.
Killer instinct	innate tendency to kill.
Killer instinct	ruthless streak.
Killer whale	Dolphin with a prominent dorsal fin.
Killing	a causing of death.
Killing	instance of this.
Killing	Great
Killing	success
Killing	very funny.
Killing	exhausting.
Killjoy	Gloomy or censorious person, esp. At a party etc.
Kiln	Furnace or oven for burning, baking, or drying, esp. For calcining lime or firing pottery etc.
Kilo	kilogram.
Kilo-	Form
Kilo-	,000
Kilobyte	Computing
Kilobyte	,024 (i.e.
Kilobyte	10) bytes as a measure of memory size etc.
Kilocalorie	= large calorie
Kilocycle	Hist. Kilohertz.
Kilogram	si unit of mass, approx.
Kilogram	.205 lb.
Kilohertz	,000 hertz,
Kilohertz	,000 cycles per second.
Kilojoule	,000 joules, esp. As a measure of the energy value of foods.
Kiloliter	,000 litres
Kilolitre	,000 litres
Kilometer	,000 metres (approx.
Kilometer	.62 miles).
Kilometre	,000 metres (approx.
Kilometre	.62 miles).
Kiloton	unit of explosive power equivalent to
Kiloton	,000 tons of tnt.
Kilovolt	,000 volts.
Kilowatt	,000 watts.
Kilowatt-hour	Electrical energy equivalent to a power consumption of
Kilowatt-hour	,000 watts for one hour.
Kilt	Pleated knee-length usu. Tartan skirt, traditionally worn by highland men.
Kilt	tuck up
Kilt	round the body.
Kilt	(esp. As kilted
Kilt	) Gather in vertical pleats.
Kilter	good working order
Kimono	long sashed japanese robe.
Kimono	similar dressing-gown.
Kin	One's relatives or family.
Kin	Related.
-kin	forming diminutive nouns
Kind	race, species, or natural group of animals, plants, etc.
Kind	class, type, sort, variety.
Kind	natural way, fashion, etc.
Kind	friendly, generous, or benevolent.
Kind	in the same form, likewise
Kind	in goods or labour, not money.
Kind	character, quality
Kind	. Kind of
Kind	To some extent
Kind	kind of loosely resembling
Kindergarten	Class or school for very young children.
Kind-hearted	Of a kind disposition.
Kind-hearted	Kind-heartedness
Kindle	light, catch, or set on fire.
Kindle	arouse or inspire.
Kindle	become aroused or animated.
Kindling	Small sticks etc. For lighting fires.
Kindly1	in a kind manner
Kindly1	often iron. Please
Kindly2	kind, kind-hearted.
Kindly2	Pleasant, mild.
Kindly2	Kindliness
Kindness	being kind.
Kindness	kind act.
Kindred	Related, allied, or similar.
Kindred	one's relations collectively.
Kindred	blood relationship.
Kindred	resemblance in character.
Kindred spirit	Person like or in sympathy with oneself.
Kinematics	pl.
Kinematics	Branch of mechanics concerned with the motion of objects without reference to cause.
Kinetic	Of or due to motion.
Kinetic art	Sculpture etc. Designed to move.
Kinetic energy	Energy of motion.
Kinetics	Branch of physical chemistry measuring and studying the rates of chemical reactions.
King	male sovereign, esp.
King	hereditary ruler.
King	pre-eminent person or thing
King	Large
King	kind of plant, animal, etc.
King	chess piece which must be checkmated for a win.
King	crowned piece in draughts.
King	court-card depicting a king.
King	national anthem when the sovereign is male.
King	Kingship
King charles spaniel	Small black and tan spaniel.
Kingcup	Marsh marigold.
Kingdom	territory or state ruled by a king or queen.
Kingdom	spiritual reign or sphere of god.
Kingdom	domain.
Kingdom	division of the natural world
Kingdom	specified sphere
Kingdom come	The next world.
Kingfisher	Small bird with brightly coloured plumage, diving for fish etc.
King of arms	chief herald.
King of beasts	Lion.
King of birds	Eagle.
Kingpin	main, large, or vertical bolt, esp. As a pivot.
Kingpin	essential person or thing.
King-post	Upright post from the tie-beam of a roof to the apex of a truss.
King-size	very large.
Kink	a twist or bend in wire etc.
Kink	tight wave in hair.
Kink	mental twist or quirk, esp. When perverse.
Kink	form a kink.
Kinky	sexually perverted or unconventional.
Kinky	Bizarre and sexually provocative.
Kinky	having kinks.
Kinky	Kinkiness
Kinsfolk	pl. One's blood relations.
Kinship	blood relationship.
Kinship	likeness; sympathy.
Kinsman	blood relation.
Kinsman	relation by marriage.
Kiosk	light open-fronted booth selling food, newspapers, tickets, etc.
Kiosk	telephone box.
Kip	sleep; nap.
Kip	bed or cheap lodgings.
Kip	sleep.
Kipper	Fish, esp.
Kipper	herring, split, salted, dried, and usu. Smoked.
Kipper	Cure
Kipper	Thus.
Kir	Dry white wine with crème de cassis.
Kirby-grip	Type of sprung hairgrip.
Kirk	Scot. &
Kirk	engl.
Kirk	church.
Kirk	church of scotland.
Kirk-session	Lowest court in the church of scotland.
Kirsch	Brandy distilled from cherries.
Kismet	Destiny, fate.
Kiss	touch with the lips, esp. As a sign of love, affection, greeting, or reverence.
Kiss	touch each others' lips in this way.
Kiss	lightly touch.
Kiss	touch with the lips.
Kiss	light touch.
Kiss	toady to. Kiss the dust submit abjectly.
Kiss-curl	Small curl of hair on the forehead, nape, etc.
Kisser	person who kisses.
Kisser	mouth; face.
Kiss of death	Apparent good luck etc. Which causes ruin.
Kiss of life	Mouth-to-mouth resuscitation.
Kissogram	Novelty telegram or greeting delivered with a kiss.
Kit	articles, equipment, etc. For a specific purpose
Kit	specialized, esp. Sports, clothing or uniform
Kit	set of parts needed to assemble furniture, a model, etc.
Kit	(often foll.
Kitbag	Large usu. Cylindrical bag used for a soldier's or traveller's kit.
Kitchen	place where food is prepared and cooked.
Kitchen	kitchen fitments
Kitchenette	Small kitchen or cooking area.
Kitchen garden	Garden with vegetables, fruit, herbs, etc.
Kitchenware	Cooking utensils.
Kite	light framework with a thin covering flown on a string in the wind.
Kite	soaring bird of prey.
Kitemark	Official kite-shaped mark on goods approved by the british standards institution.
Kitsch	(often
Kitsch	) Vulgar, pretentious, or worthless art.
Kitten	Young cat, ferret, etc.
Kitten	Give birth
Kitten	Be very upset or anxious.
Kittenish	Playful, lively, or flirtatious.
Kittiwake	kind of small seagull.
Kitty1	fund of money for communal use.
Kitty1	pool in some card-games.
Kitty2	childish name for a kitten or cat.
Kiwi	flightless long-billed new zealand bird.
Kiwi	New zealander.
Kiwi fruit	Green-fleshed fruit of a climbing plant.
Kj	Kilojoule
Kl	Kilolitre
Klaxon	Propr. Horn or warning hooter.
Kleenex	propr. Disposable paper handkerchief.
Kleptomania	Obsessive apparently motiveless urge to steal.
Km	Kilometre
Knack	acquired faculty or trick of doing a thing.
Knack	habit
Knacker	Buyer of useless horses etc. For slaughter, or of old houses, ships, etc. For the materials.
Knacker	(esp. As knackered
Knacker	) Exhaust, wear out.
Knapsack	Soldier's or hiker's usu. Canvas bag carried on the back.
Knapweed	Plant with thistle-like purple flowers.
Knave	rogue, scoundrel.
Knave	. Knavish
Knead	a work into a dough, paste, etc. By pummelling.
Knead	make
Knead	Thus.
Knead	massage
Knead	As if kneading.
Knee	a (often
Knee	) Joint between the thigh and the lower leg in humans.
Knee	corresponding joint in other animals.
Knee	area around this.
Knee	lap
Knee	part of a garment covering the knee.
Knee	touch or strike with the knee
Knee	Make
Knee	bulge at the knee.
Knee-bend	Bending of the knee, esp. As a physical exercise.
Knee-breeches	pl. Close-fitting trousers to the knee or just below.
Kneecap	convex bone in front of the knee.
Kneecap	protective covering for the knee.
Kneecap	shoot
Kneecap	in the knee or leg as a punishment.
Knee-deep	a immersed up to the knees.
Knee-deep	deeply involved.
Knee-deep	so deep as to reach the knees.
Knee-high	So high as to reach the knees.
Knee-jerk	sudden involuntary kick caused by a blow on the tendon just below the knee.
Knee-jerk	Predictable, automatic, stereotyped.
Kneel	(past and
Kneel	Knelt or esp. Us kneeled) fall or rest on the knees or a knee.
Knee-length	Reaching the knees.
Kneeler	cushion for kneeling on.
Kneeler	person who kneels.
Knees-up	Lively party or gathering.
Knell	sound of a bell, esp. For a death or funeral.
Knell	announcement, event, etc., regarded as an ill omen.
Knell	ring a knell.
Knell	proclaim by or as by a knell.
Knickerbocker	(in
Knickerbocker	) Loose-fitting breeches gathered at the knee or calf.
Knickerbocker glory	Ice-cream served with fruit etc. In a tall glass.
Knickers	pl. Woman's or girl's undergarment for the lower torso.
Knick-knack	trinket or small dainty ornament etc.
Knife	metal blade for cutting or as a weapon, with usu. One long sharp edge fixed in a handle.
Knife	cutting-blade in a machine.
Knife	surgical operation.
Knife	cut or stab with a knife.
Knife-edge	edge of a knife.
Knife-edge	position of extreme danger or uncertainty.
Knife-pleat	Narrow flat usu. Overlapping pleat on a skirt etc.
Knight	man awarded a non-hereditary title
Knight	by a sovereign.
Knight	hist.
Knight	man, usu. Noble, raised to honourable military rank after service as a page and squire.
Knight	military follower, attendant, or lady's champion in a war or tournament.
Knight	man devoted to a cause, woman, etc.
Knight	chess piece usu. Shaped like a horse's head.
Knight	Confer a knighthood on.
Knight	Knightly
Knight	Poet.
Knight errant	medieval knight in search of chivalrous adventures.
Knight errant	chivalrous or quixotic man.
Knit	(-tt-; past and
Knit	Knitted or (esp. In senses
Knit	–4) knit)
Knit	make
Knit	By interlocking loops of esp. Wool with knitting-needles or a knitting-machine.
Knit	make
Knit	in knitting
Knit	momentarily wrinkle
Knit	or
Knit	become momentarily wrinkled.
Knit	make or become close or compact.
Knit	become joined; heal.
Knitting	Work being knitted.
Knitting-machine	Machine for knitting.
Knitting-needle	Thin pointed rod used esp. In pairs for knitting by hand.
Knitwear	Knitted garments.
Knives	Of *knife.
Knob	rounded protuberance, esp. At the end or on the surface of a thing, e.g. The handle of a door, drawer, a radio control, etc.
Knob	small piece
Knob	that and more
Knob	Knoblike
Knobbly	hard and lumpy.
Knock	a strike with an audible sharp blow.
Knock	strike
Knock	To gain admittance.
Knock	make
Knock	By knocking.
Knock	Drive
Knock	By striking
Knock	criticize.
Knock	make a thumping or rattling noise.
Knock	offens. = knock off
Knock	act or sound of knocking.
Knock	knocking sound in esp. An engine.
Knock	strike repeatedly; treat roughly.
Knock	a wander aimlessly or adventurously.
Knock	be present, esp. By chance
Knock	be associated socially. Knock back
Knock	eat or drink, esp. Quickly.
Knock	disconcert. Knock down
Knock	strike (esp.
Knock	person) to the ground.
Knock	demolish.
Knock	(usu. Foll.
Knockabout	boisterous; slapstick.
Knockabout	hard-wearing.
Knock-down	overwhelming.
Knock-down	very low.
Knock-down	reserve.
Knock-down	Easily dismantled and reassembled.
Knocker	hinged esp. Metal instrument on a door for knocking with.
Knocker	(in
Knocker	woman's breasts.
Knocking-shop	brothel.
Knock knees	pl. Abnormal curvature of the legs inwards at the knee.
Knock-on effect	Secondary, indirect, or cumulative effect.
Knockout	act of making unconscious by a blow.
Knockout	(usu.
Knockout	) Boxing etc. Such a blow.
Knockout	competition in which the loser in each round is eliminated (also
Knockout	: knockout round).
Knockout	Outstanding or irresistible person or thing.
Knock-up	Practice at tennis etc.
Knoll	Hillock, mound.
Knot1	a intertwining of rope, string, hair, etc., so as to fasten.
Knot1	set method of this
Knot1	knotted ribbon etc. As an ornament.
Knot1	tangle in hair, knitting, etc.
Knot1	unit of a ship's or aircraft's speed, equivalent to one nautical mile per hour.
Knot1	cluster
Knot1	bond, esp. Of marriage.
Knot1	hard lump of organic tissue.
Knot1	a hard mass in a tree-trunk where a branch grows out.
Knot1	round cross-grained piece in timber marking this.
Knot1	central point in a problem etc.
Knot1	tie in a knot.
Knot1	entangle.
Knot1	unite closely.
Knot1	Very fast. Tie in knots
Knot1	Baffle or confuse completely.
Knot2	Small sandpiper.
Knotgrass	Wild plant with creeping stems and small pink flowers.
Knot-hole	Hole in timber where a knot has fallen out.
Knotty	full of knots.
Knotty	puzzling
Know	(past knew;
Know	Known)
Know	have in the mind; have learnt; be able to recall
Know	Be aware of
Know	have a good command of
Know-all	Person who claims or seems to know everything.
Know-how	Practical knowledge; natural skill.
Knowing	suggesting that one has inside information
Knowing	showing knowledge; shrewd.
Knowingly	consciously; intentionally
Knowingly	in a knowing manner
Knowledge	awareness or familiarity
Knowledge	person's range of information.
Knowledge	understanding of a subject etc.
Knowledge	sum of what is known
Knowledgeable	well-informed; intelligent.
Knowledgeable	Knowledgeably
Known	Of *know.
Knuckle	bone at a finger-joint, esp. That connecting the finger to the hand.
Knuckle	a knee- or ankle-joint of a quadruped.
Knuckle	this as a joint of meat, esp. Of bacon or pork.
Knuckle	strike, press, or rub with the knuckles.
Knuckle	apply oneself seriously
Knuckle	give in; submit.
Knuckleduster	Metal guard worn over the knuckles in fighting, esp. In order to inflict greater damage.
Knuckle sandwich	punch in the mouth.
Knurl	Small projecting knob, ridge, etc.
Ko	Knockout.
Koala	small australian bearlike marsupial with thick grey fur.
Kohl	Black powder used as eye make-up, esp. In eastern countries.
Kohlrabi	cabbage with an edible turnip-like swollen stem.
Kolkhoz	Collective farm in the ussr.
Kook	crazy or eccentric person.
Kookaburra	Australian kingfisher with a strange laughing cry.
Kopek	var. Of *copeck.
Koppie	s.afr. Small hill.
Koran	Islamic sacred book.
Korean	native or national of
Korean	Or s. Korea.
Korean	language or korea.
Korean	Of korea, its people, or language.
Kosher	fulfilling the requirements of jewish law.
Kosher	Correct, genuine, legitimate.
Kosher	Kosher food or shop.
Kowtow	Hist. Chinese custom of kneeling with the forehead touching the ground, esp. In submission.
Kowtow	act obsequiously.
Kowtow	hist. Perform the kowtow.
K.p.h.	Kilometres per hour.
Kr	Krypton.
K.p.h.	Kilometres per hour.
Kr	Krypton.
Kraal	S.afr.
Kraal	village of huts enclosed by a fence.
Kraal	enclosure for cattle or sheep.
Kraut	offens. German.
Kremlin	a citadel in moscow.
Kremlin	russian government housed within it.
Kremlin	citadel within a russian town.
Krill	Tiny planktonic crustaceans.
Krona	chief monetary unit of sweden.
Krona	chief monetary unit of iceland.
Krone	chief monetary unit of denmark and norway.
Krugerrand	S. African gold coin.
Krummhorn	medieval wind instrument.
Krypton	Inert gaseous element used in fluorescent lamps etc.
Kt.	Knight.
Kt.	Knot.
Ku	Kurchatovium.
Kudos	Glory; renown.
Kudu	african antelope with white stripes and corkscrew-shaped ridged horns.
Kufic	Early angular form of the arabic alphabet used esp. In decorative inscriptions.
Kufic	Of or in this script.
Ku klux klan	Secret white racist society in the southern us.
Kümmel	Sweet liqueur flavoured with caraway and cumin seeds.
Kumquat	small orange-like fruit.
Kumquat	shrub or small tree yielding this.
Kung fu	Chinese form of karate.
Kv	Kilovolt
Kw	Kilowatt
Kwh	Kilowatt-hour
Kyle	narrow channel, strait.
L1	twelfth letter of the alphabet.
L2	learner driver.
L2	lake.
L	left.
L	line.
L	litre
£	Pound
La	Los angeles.
La	Lanthanum.
Lab.	Labour.
Lab	Laboratory.
Label	piece of paper etc. Attached to an object to give information about it.
Label	short classifying phrase applied to a person etc.
Label	logo, title, or trademark of a company.
Label	attach a label to.
Label	assign to a category.
Label	replace
Label	by an atom of a usu. Radioactive isotope as a means of identification.
Labial	a of the lips.
Labial	of, like, or serving as a lip.
Labial	requiring partial or complete closure of the lips.
Labial	Labial sound
Labium	(usu. In
Labium	) Each fold of skin of the two pairs enclosing the vulva.
Laboratory	room, building, or establishment for scientific experiments, research, chemical manufacture, etc.
Laborer	person doing unskilled, usu. Manual, work for wages.
Laborious	needing hard work or toil.
Laborious	showing signs of toil.
Labour	(us
Labour	austral. Labor)
Labour	physical or mental work; exertion.
Labour	a workers, esp. Manual, considered as a political and economic force.
Labour	labour party.
Labour	process of childbirth.
Labour	particular task.
Labour	work hard; exert oneself.
Labour	a elaborate needlessly
Labour	(as laboured
Labour	) Done with great effort; not spontaneous.
Labour camp	Prison camp enforcing a regime of hard labour.
Labour day	May
Labour day	, celebrated in honour of working people.
Labourer	person doing unskilled, usu. Manual, work for wages.
Labour exchange	Or hist. Employment exchange.
Labour party	Political party formed to represent the interests of working people.
Labour-saving	Designed to reduce or eliminate work.
Labrador	Retriever of a breed with a black or golden coat.
Laburnum	Tree with drooping golden flowers yielding poisonous seeds.
Labyrinth	complicated network of passages etc.
Labyrinth	intricate or tangled arrangement.
Labyrinth	the complex structure of the inner ear.
Lac	Resinous substance secreted as a protective covering by a se asian insect.
Lace	fine open fabric or trimming, made by weaving thread in patterns.
Lace	cord etc. Passed through holes or hooks for fastening shoes etc.
Lace	fasten or tighten with a lace or laces.
Lace	add spirits to
Lace	pass
Lace	Through.
Lacerate	mangle or tear
Lacerate	cause pain to
Lace-up	Shoe fastened with a lace.
Lace-up	Fastened by a lace or laces.
Lachrymal	of or for tears
Lachrymose	Formal given to weeping; tearful.
Lack	want, deficiency.
Lack	Be without or deficient in.
Lackadaisical	Unenthusiastic; listless; idle.
Lackey	servile follower; toady.
Lackey	footman, manservant.
Lacking	Absent or deficient
Lackluster	lacking in vitality etc.
Lackluster	dull.
Lacklustre	lacking in vitality etc.
Lacklustre	dull.
Laconic	Terse, using few words.
Lacquer	varnish made of shellac or a synthetic substance.
Lacquer	substance sprayed on the hair to keep it in place.
Lacquer	Coat with lacquer.
Lacrosse	Game like hockey, but with the ball carried in a crosse.
Lactate1	secrete milk.
Lactate2	Salt or ester of lactic acid.
Lactation	secretion of milk.
Lactation	suckling.
Lacteal	of milk.
Lacteal	conveying chyle etc.
Lacteal	(in
Lacteal	) Anat. Vessels which absorb fats.
Lactic	Of milk.
Lactic acid	Acid formed esp. In sour milk.
Lactose	Sugar that occurs in milk.
Lacuna	gap.
Lacuna	missing portion etc., esp. In an ancient ms etc.
Lacy	of or resembling lace fabric.
Lad	boy, youth.
Lad	Man.
Ladder	set of horizontal bars fixed between two uprights and used for climbing up or down.
Ladder	vertical strip of unravelled stitching in a stocking etc.
Ladder	hierarchical structure, esp. As a means of career advancement.
Ladder	cause a ladder in
Ladder-back	Upright chair with a back resembling a ladder.
Lade	(-ding;
Lade	Laden)
Lade	a load
Lade	ship
Lade	(as laden
Lade	loaded, burdened.
La-di-da	Pretentious or snobbish, esp. In manner or speech.
Ladies' man	man fond of female company.
Ladle	Deep long-handled spoon used for serving liquids.
Ladle	transfer
Ladle	with a ladle.
Lady	a woman regarded as being of superior social status or as having refined manners.
Lady	title of peeresses, female relatives of peers, the wives and widows of knights, etc.
Lady	(often
Lady	) Woman; female
Lady	Wife, girlfriend.
Lady	ruling woman
Lady	women's public lavatory.
Ladybird	Small beetle, usu. Red with black spots.
Lady chapel	Chapel dedicated to the virgin mary.
Lady day	Feast of the annunciation,
Lady day	5 mar.
Lady-in-waiting	Lady attending a queen or princess.
Lady-killer	Habitual seducer of women.
Ladylike	Like or befitting a lady.
Lady's slipper	Plant of the orchid family with a slipper-shaped lip on its flowers.
Lag1	fall behind; not keep pace.
Lag1	Delay.
Lag2	enclose in heat-insulating material.
Lag2	Insulating cover.
Lag3	habitual convict.
Lager	kind of light effervescent beer.
Lager lout	Youth behaving violently etc. As a result of excessive drinking.
Laggard	Person who lags behind.
Lagging	Material used to lag a boiler etc. Against loss of heat.
Lagoon	Stretch of salt water separated from the sea by a sandbank, reef, etc.
Lah	Sixth note of a major scale.
Laid-back	Relaxed; easygoing.
Laid paper	Paper with the surface marked in fine ribs.
Laid up	Confined to bed or the house.
Lain	Of *lie1.
Lair	wild animal's resting-place.
Lair	person's hiding-place.
Laird	Scot. Landed proprietor.
Laissez-faire	policy of non-interference.
Laity	Lay people, as distinct from the clergy.
Lake1	Large body of water surrounded by land.
Lake2	reddish pigment orig. Made from lac.
Lake2	pigment obtained by combining an organic colouring matter with a metallic oxide, hydroxide, or salt.
Lake district	region of lakes in cumbria.
Lakh	Ind.
Lakh	hundred thousand
Lam	thrash; hit.
Lama	Tibetan or mongolian buddhist monk.
Lamasery	monastery of lamas.
Lamb	young sheep.
Lamb	its flesh as food.
Lamb	mild, gentle, or kind person.
Lamb	Give birth to lambs.
Lambada	Fast erotic brazilian dance in which couples dance with their stomachs touching each other.
Lambaste	Thrash, beat.
Lambda	Eleventh letter of the greek alphabet
Lambent	playing on a surface.
Lambent	Lightly brilliant.
Lambswool	Soft fine wool from a young sheep.
Lame	disabled in the foot or leg.
Lame	Unconvincing; feeble.
Lame	Halting.
Lame	make lame; disable.
Lame	Lameness
Lamé	Fabric with gold or silver threads interwoven.
Lame duck	Helpless person or firm.
Lament	passionate expression of grief.
Lament	song etc. Of mourning etc.
Lament	express or feel grief for or about.
Lament	(as lamented
Lament	) Used to refer to a recently dead person.
Lamentable	Deplorable, regrettable.
Lamentation	lamenting.
Lamentation	lament.
Lamina	thin plate or scale.
Laminate	beat or roll into thin plates.
Laminate	overlay with metal plates, a plastic layer, etc.
Laminate	split into layers.
Laminate	Laminated structure, esp. Of layers fixed together.
Laminate	In the form of thin plates.
Lammas	first day of august, formerly kept as harvest festival.
Lamp	device for producing a steady light, esp.: a an electric bulb, and usu. Its holder.
Lamp	an oil-lamp.
Lamp	a gas-jet and mantle.
Lamp	device producing esp. Ultraviolet or infrared radiation.
Lampblack	Pigment made from soot.
Lamplight	Light from a lamp.
Lamplighter	Hist. Person who lit street lamps.
Lampoon	Satirical attack on a person etc.
Lampoon	Satirize.
Lamppost	Tall post supporting a street-light.
Lamprey	eel-like aquatic animal with a sucker mouth.
Lampshade	Translucent cover for a lamp.
Lancastrian	native of lancashire or lancaster.
Lancastrian	hist. Member or supporter of the house of lancaster in the wars of the roses.
Lancastrian	Of or concerning lancashire or lancaster, or the house of lancaster.
Lance	Long spear, esp. One used by a horseman.
Lance	prick or cut open with a lancet.
Lance	pierce with a lance.
Lance-corporal	Lowest rank of nco in the army.
Lanceolate	Shaped like a lance-head, tapering at each end.
Lancer	hist. Soldier of a cavalry regiment armed with lances.
Lancer	(in
Lancer	quadrille.
Lancer	music for this.
Lancet	Small broad two-edged surgical knife with a sharp point.
Lancet arch	narrow arch or window with a pointed head.
Land	solid part of the earth's surface.
Land	a expanse of country; ground, soil.
Land	this in relation to its use, quality, etc., or as a basis for agriculture.
Land	country, nation, state.
Land	a landed property.
Land	) Estates.
Land	a set or go ashore.
Land	disembark.
Land	bring
Land	to the ground or another surface.
Land	alight on the ground etc.
Land	bring
Land	to land.
Land	Bring to, reach, or find oneself in a certain situation or place.
Land	deal (a person etc.
Land	blow etc.).
Land	present
Land	with
Land	Win or obtain
Land-agent	steward of an estate.
Land-agent	agent for the sale of estates.
Landau	Four-wheeled enclosed carriage with a divided top.
Landed	owning land.
Landed	consisting of land.
Landfall	Approach to land, esp. After a sea or air journey.
Landfill	waste material etc. Used to landscape or reclaim land.
Landfill	process of disposing of rubbish in this way.
Land-girl	Woman doing farm work, esp. In wartime.
Landing	platform at the top of or part way up a flight of stairs.
Landing	coming to land.
Landing	place where ships etc. Land.
Landing-craft	Craft designed for putting troops and equipment ashore.
Landing-gear	Undercarriage of an aircraft.
Landing-stage	Platform for disembarking goods and passengers.
Landlady	woman who owns and lets land or premises.
Landlady	woman who keeps a public house, boarding-house, etc.
Land line	Means of telecommunication over land.
Landlocked	Almost or entirely enclosed by land.
Landlord	man who owns and lets land or premises.
Landlord	man who keeps a public house, boarding-house, etc.
Landlubber	Person unfamiliar with the sea.
Landmark	conspicuous object in a district, landscape, etc.
Landmark	prominent and critical event etc.
Land mass	Large area of land.
Land-mine	Explosive mine laid in or on the ground.
Landowner	Owner of
Landowner	land.
Landscape	scenery as seen in a broad view.
Landscape	(often
Landscape	) Picture representing this; this genre of painting.
Landscape	improve
Landscape	by landscape gardening.
Landscape gardening	Laying out of grounds to resemble natural scenery.
Landslide	sliding down of a mass of land from a mountain, cliff, etc.
Landslide	overwhelming victory in an election.
Lane	narrow road.
Lane	division of a road for a stream of traffic.
Lane	strip of track etc. For a competitor in a race.
Lane	path regularly followed by a ship, aircraft, etc.
Lane	gangway between crowds of people.
Language	use of words in an agreed way as a method of human communication.
Language	system of words of a particular community or country etc.
Language	a faculty of speech.
Language	style of expression; use of words, etc.
Language	system of symbols and rules for writing computer programs.
Language	any method of communication.
Language	professional or specialized vocabulary.
Language laboratory	Room equipped with tape recorders etc. For learning a foreign language.
Languid	Lacking vigour; idle; inert.
Languish	Lose or lack vitality.
Languor	lack of energy; idleness.
Languor	soft or tender mood or effect.
Languor	oppressive stillness.
Lank	Long and limp.
Lank	thin and tall.
Lanky	ungracefully thin and long or tall.
Lanolin	Fat found on sheep's wool and used in cosmetics etc.
Lantern	lamp with a transparent case protecting a flame etc.
Lantern	raised structure on a dome, room, etc., glazed to admit light.
Lantern	light-chamber of a lighthouse.
Lantern jaws	pl. Long thin jaws and chin.
Lanthanide	Any element of the lanthanide series.
Lanthanide series	Chem. Series of
Lanthanide series	5 metallic elements from lanthanum to lutetium in the periodic table, having similar chemical properties.
Lanthanum	Metallic element, first of the lanthanide series.
Lanyard	cord worn round the neck or the shoulder, to which a knife etc. May be attached.
Lanyard	Short rope or line used for securing, tightening, etc.
Lap1	front of the body from the waist to the knees of a sitting person.
Lap1	clothing covering this.
Lap2	a one circuit of a racetrack etc.
Lap2	section of a journey etc.
Lap2	a amount of overlapping.
Lap2	overlapping part.
Lap2	single turn of thread etc. Round a reel etc.
Lap2	lead or overtake
Lap2	by one or more laps.
Lap2	fold or wrap
Lap2	Round.
Lap2	enfold in wraps etc.
Lap2	(as lapped
Lap2	enfolded caressingly.
Lap2	cause to overlap.
Lap3	drink with the tongue.
Lap3	consume
Lap3	greedily.
Lap3	consume
Lap3	Greedily.
Lap3	Ripple; make a lapping sound against
Lap3	a act of lapping.
Lap3	amount of liquid taken up.
Lap3	sound of wavelets.
Lap-dog	Small pet dog.
Lapel	Part of either side of a coat-front etc., folded back against itself.
Lapidary	concerned with stone or stones.
Lapidary	engraved upon stone.
Lapidary	concise, well-expressed, epigrammatic.
Lapidary	cutter, polisher, or engraver, of gems.
Lapis lazuli	blue mineral used as a gemstone.
Lapis lazuli	bright blue pigment.
Lapis lazuli	its colour.
Laplander	Native or inhabitant of lapland; lapp.
Lap of honour	Ceremonial circuit of a racetrack etc. By a winner.
Lapp	member of a mongol people of
Lapp	Scandinavia and nw russia.
Lapp	their language.
Lappet	small flap or fold of a garment etc.
Lappet	hanging piece of flesh.
Lapse	slight error; slip of memory etc.
Lapse	weak or careless decline into an inferior state.
Lapse	passage of time.
Lapse	fail to maintain a position or standard.
Lapse	fall back into an inferior or previous state.
Lapse	Become invalid through disuse, failure to renew, etc.
Lapse	(as lapsed
Lapse	) That has lapsed.
Laptop	(often
Laptop	) Portable microcomputer suitable for use while travelling.
Lapwing	Plover with a shrill cry.
Larceny	theft of personal property.
Larch	deciduous coniferous tree with bright foliage.
Larch	its wood.
Lard	Pig fat used in cooking etc.
Lard	insert strips of fat or bacon in
Lard	Before cooking.
Lard	garnish
Lard	With strange terms.
Larder	Room or large cupboard for storing food.
Lardy	Like lard.
Lardy-cake	Cake made with lard, currants, etc.
Large	of relatively great size or extent.
Large	of the larger kind
Large	comprehensive.
Large	pursuing an activity on a large scale
Large	at liberty.
Large	as a body or whole.
Large	at full length, with all details.
Large	Largish
Large as life	In person, esp. Prominently.
Largely	To a great extent
Large-scale	Made or occurring on a large scale.
Largesse	money or gifts freely given.
Largo	In a slow tempo and dignified style.
Largo	largo passage or movement.
Lariat	lasso.
Lariat	tethering-rope.
Lark1	Small bird with a tuneful song, esp. The skylark.
Lark2	frolic; amusing incident.
Lark2	type of activity
Lark2	play tricks.
Larkspur	Plant with a spur-shaped calyx.
Larva	stage of an insect's development between egg and pupa.
Laryngeal	Of the larynx.
Laryngitis	Inflammation of the larynx.
Larynx	hollow organ in the throat holding the vocal cords.
Lasagne	Pasta in the form of sheets.
Lascivious	lustful.
Lascivious	inciting to lust.
Laser	Device that generates an intense beam of coherent light, or other electromagnetic radiation, in one direction.
Lash	make a sudden whiplike movement.
Lash	beat with a whip etc.
Lash	Beat, strike.
Lash	criticize harshly.
Lash	rouse, incite.
Lash	Fasten with a cord etc.
Lash	sharp blow made by a whip etc.
Lash	flexible end of a whip.
Lash	eyelash.
Lash	speak or hit out angrily.
Lash	Spend money extravagantly.
Lashings	plenty.
Lass	Esp. Scot. &
Lass	engl. Or poet. Girl.
Lassa fever	Acute febrile viral disease of tropical africa.
Lassitude	languor.
Lassitude	disinclination to exert oneself.
Lasso	rope with a noose at one end, esp. For catching cattle.
Lasso	catch with a lasso.
Last1	after all others; coming at or belonging to the end.
Last1	most recent; next before a specified time
Last1	only remaining
Last1	least likely or suitable
Last1	lowest in rank
Last1	after all others (esp. In
Last1	: last-mentioned).
Last1	on the most recent occasion
Last1	lastly.
Last1	person or thing that is last, last-mentioned, most recent, etc.
Last1	last mention or sight etc.
Last1	last performance of certain acts
Last1	the end; death
Last2	remain unexhausted or alive for a specified or considerable time
Last2	continue for a specified time
Last3	Shoemaker's model for shaping a shoe etc.
Last-ditch	Final, desperate.
Lasting	Permanent; durable.
Lastly	Finally; in the last place.
Last minute	the time just before an important event
Last minute	: last-minute panic).
Last name	Surname.
Last post	Bugle-call at military funerals or as a signal to retire for the night.
Last rites	pl. Rites for a person about to die.
Last straw	slight addition to a burden that makes it finally unbearable.
Last trump	trumpet-blast to wake the dead on judgement day.
Last word	final or definitive statement.
Last word	latest fashion.
Lat.	Latitude.
Latch	bar with a catch and lever as a fastening for a gate etc.
Latch	spring-lock preventing a door from being opened from the outside without a key.
Latch	Fasten with a latch.
Latch	attach oneself
Latch	understand. On the latch fastened by the latch (sense
Latch	) only.
Latchkey	key of an outer door.
Late	after the due or usual time; occurring or done after the proper time.
Late	a far on in the day or night or in a specified period.
Late	far on in development.
Late	flowering or ripening towards the end of the season.
Late	no longer alive; no longer having the specified status, former
Late	of recent date.
Late	after the due or usual time.
Late	far on in time.
Late	at or till a late hour.
Late	at a late stage of development.
Late	formerly but not now
Late	At a late stage in the proceedings.
Latecomer	Person who arrives late.
Lateen	rigged with a lateen sail.
Lateen sail	Triangular sail on a long yard at an angle of
Lateen sail	5° to the mast.
Lately	Not long ago; recently.
Latent	Existing but not developed or manifest; concealed, dormant.
Latent heat	Physics heat required to convert a solid into a liquid or vapour, or a liquid into a vapour, without change of temperature.
Lateral	of, at, towards, or from the side or sides.
Lateral	descended from the sibling of a person in direct line.
Lateral	Lateral shoot or branch.
Lateral thinking	Method of solving problems other than by using conventional logic.
Latex	milky fluid of esp. The rubber tree.
Latex	synthetic product resembling this.
Lath	thin flat strip of wood.
Lathe	Machine for shaping wood, metal, etc., by rotating the article against cutting tools.
Lather	froth produced by agitating soap etc. And water.
Lather	frothy sweat.
Lather	state of agitation.
Lather	Form a lather.
Lather	cover with lather.
Lather	Thrash.
Latin	Language of ancient rome and its empire.
Latin	of or in latin.
Latin	of the countries or peoples using languages descended from latin.
Latin	of the roman catholic church.
Latin america	Parts of central and s. America where spanish or portuguese is the main language.
Latinate	Having the character of latin.
Latinize	give a latin form to.
Latish	Fairly late.
Latitude	a angular distance on a meridian north or south of the equator.
Latitude	(usu. In
Latitude	) Regions or climes.
Latitude	tolerated variety of action or opinion.
Latitudinarian	Liberal, esp. In religion.
Latitudinarian	Latitudinarian person.
Latrine	Communal lavatory, esp. In a camp.
Latter	a second-mentioned of two, or last-mentioned of three or more.
Latter	The second- or last-mentioned person or thing.
Latter	nearer the end
Latter	recent.
Latter	of the end of a period, the world, etc.
Latter-day	Modern, contemporary.
Latter-day saints	pl. Mormons' name for themselves.
Latterly	recently.
Latterly	in the latter part of life or a period.
Lattice	structure of crossed laths or bars with spaces between, used as a screen, fence, etc.
Lattice	regular periodic arrangement of atoms, ions, or molecules.
Lattice window	Window with small panes set in diagonally crossing strips of lead.
Latvian	a native or national of latvia in eastern europe.
Latvian	person of latvian descent.
Latvian	language of latvia.
Latvian	Of latvia, its people, or language.
Laud	Praise or extol.
Laud	praise; hymn of praise.
Laud	(in
Laud	) The first morning prayer of the roman catholic church.
Laudable	Commendable.
Laudable	Laudably
Laudanum	Solution prepared from opium.
Laudatory	Praising.
Laugh	make the sounds and movements usual in expressing lively amusement, scorn, etc.
Laugh	express by laughing.
Laugh	ridicule, make fun of.
Laugh	sound, act, or manner of laughing.
Laugh	Comical thing.
Laughable	Ludicrous; amusing.
Laughing	Laughter.
Laughing-gas	Nitrous oxide as an anaesthetic.
Laughing stock	Person or thing open to general ridicule.
Laughter	Act or sound of laughing.
Launch1	set
Launch1	afloat.
Launch1	hurl or send forth
Launch1	start or set in motion
Launch1	formally introduce
Launch1	with publicity etc.
Launch1	make a start on
Launch1	burst into
Launch1	Act of launching.
Launch2	large motor boat.
Launch2	man-of-war's largest boat.
Launcher	Structure to hold a rocket during launching.
Launch pad	platform with a supporting structure, for launching rockets from.
Launder	wash and iron
Launder	Transfer
Launder	to conceal their origin.
Launderette	establishment with coin-operated washing-machines and driers for public use.
Laundress	Woman who launders, esp. Professionally.
Laundry	a place for washing clothes etc.
Laundry	firm washing clothes etc. Commercially.
Laundry	clothes or linen for laundering or newly laundered.
Laureate	Wreathed with laurel as a mark of honour.
Laurel	(in sing. Or
Laurel	) Wreath of bay-leaves as an emblem of victory or poetic merit.
Laurel	any of various plants with dark-green glossy leaves.
Lav	Lavatory.
Lava	Matter flowing from a volcano and solidifying as it cools.
Lavatorial	Of or like lavatories;
Lavatorial	relating to excretion.
Lavatory	receptacle for urine and faeces, usu. With a means of disposal.
Lavatory	room or compartment containing this.
Lave	literary
Lave	wash, bathe.
Lave	wash against; flow along.
Lavender	a evergreen shrub with purple aromatic flowers.
Lavender	its flowers and stalks dried and used to scent linen etc.
Lavender	pale mauve colour.
Lavender-water	Light perfume made with distilled lavender.
Laver	Edible seaweed.
Lavish	giving or producing in large quantities; profuse.
Lavish	generous.
Lavish	bestow or spend
Lavish	Abundantly.
Law	a rule enacted or customary in a community and recognized as commanding or forbidding certain actions.
Law	body of such rules.
Law	controlling influence of laws; respect for laws.
Law	laws collectively as a social system or subject of study.
Law	binding force
Law	a the legal profession. B
Law	The police.
Law	(in
Law	) Jurisprudence.
Law	a the judicial remedy.
Law	the lawcourts as providing this
Law	rule of action or procedure.
Law	regularity in natural occurrences
Law	0 divine commandments.
Law-abiding	Obedient to the laws.
Lawbreaker	Person who breaks the law.
Lawcourt	Court of law.
Lawful	Conforming with or recognized by law; not illegal.
Lawful	Lawfulness
Lawgiver	Person who formulates laws; legislator.
Lawless	having no laws or law enforcement.
Lawless	disregarding laws.
Law lord	Member of the house of lords qualified to perform its legal work.
Lawmaker	Legislator.
Lawn1	Piece of closely-mown grass in a garden etc.
Lawn2	Fine linen or cotton.
Lawnmower	Machine for cutting lawns.
Lawn tennis	Tennis played with a soft ball on outdoor grass or a hard court.
Lawrencium	Artificially made transuranic metallic element.
Lawsuit	Bringing of a dispute, claim, etc. Before a lawcourt.
Lawyer	Legal practitioner, esp.
Lawyer	solicitor.
Lax	lacking care or precision.
Lax	not strict.
Lax	Laxly
Lax	Laxness
Laxative	Facilitating evacuation of the bowels.
Laxative	Laxative medicine.
Lay1	(past and
Lay1	Laid)
Lay1	place on a surface, esp. Horizontally or in the proper or specified place.
Lay1	put or bring into the required position or state
Lay1	make by laying
Lay1	produce
Lay1	cause to subside or lie flat.
Lay1	; attribute or impute
Lay1	prepare or make ready
Lay1	prepare
Lay1	for a meal.
Lay1	arrange the material for
Lay1	0 put down as a wager; stake.
Lay1	coat or strew
Lay1	offens. Have sexual intercourse with (esp.
Lay1	woman).
Lay1	way, position, or direction in which something lies.
Lay1	offens. Partner
Lay1	in, or act of, sexual intercourse.
Lay1	put to one side.
Lay1	cease to consider. Lay at the door of impute to. Lay bare expose, reveal. Lay claim to claim as one's own. Lay down
Lay1	put on a flat surface.
Lay1	give up
Lay1	formulate
Lay1	store
Lay1	for maturing.
Lay1	sacrifice
Lay1	. Lay
Lay1	hands on obtain, locate. Lay hands on seize or attack. Lay hold of seize. Lay in provide oneself with a stock of. Lay into
Lay1	Punish or scold harshly. Lay it on thick
Lay1	Flatter or exaggerate grossly. Lay low overthrow or humble. Lay off
Lay1	discharge
Lay1	temporarily; make redundant.
Lay1	Desist. Lay on
Lay1	provide.
Lay1	impose.
Lay1	inflict
Lay1	spread on
Lay1	. Lay open
Lay1	break the skin of.
Lay1	expose
Lay1	. Lay out
Lay1	spread out, expose to view.
Lay1	prepare
Lay1	for burial.
Lay1	Knock unconscious.
Lay1	arrange
Lay1	According to a design.
Lay2	a non-clerical.
Lay2	not ordained into the clergy.
Lay2	a not professionally qualified.
Lay2	of or done by such persons.
Lay3	short poem meant to be sung.
Lay3	song.
Layabout	Habitual loafer or idler.
Lay-by	area at the side of a road where vehicles may stop.
Layer	thickness of matter, esp. One of several, covering a surface.
Layer	person or thing that lays.
Layer	hen that lays eggs.
Layer	shoot fastened down to take root while attached to the parent plant.
Layer	arrange in layers.
Layer	cut
Layer	in layers.
Layer	propagate
Layer	by a layer.
Layette	Set of clothing etc. For a newborn child.
Lay figure	jointed figure of a human body used by artists for arranging drapery on etc.
Lay figure	unrealistic character in a novel etc.
Layman	non-ordained member of a church.
Layman	person without professional or specialized knowledge.
Lay-off	Temporary discharge of workers; a redundancy.
Layout	way in which land, a building, printed matter, etc., is arranged or set out.
Layout	something arranged in a particular way; display.
Lay reader	Lay person licensed to conduct some religious services.
Laze	spend time idly.
Laze	pass
Laze	idly.
Laze	Spell of lazing.
Lazy	disinclined to work, doing little work.
Lazy	of or inducing idleness.
Lazy	Laziness
Lazybones	Lazy person.
Lb	Pound
Lbc	London broadcasting company.
L.b.w.	Leg before wicket.
L.c.	lower case.
Lcd	liquid crystal display.
Lcd	lowest
Lcd	common denominator.
Lcm	Lowest
Lcm	common multiple.
L/cpl	Lance-corporal.
Ld.	Lord.
Lea	Local education authority.
Lea	Poet. Meadow, field.
Leach	make
Leach	percolate through some material.
Leach	subject
Leach	to the action of percolating fluid.
Leach	remove
Leach	or be removed in this way.
Lead1	(past and
Lead1	Led)
Lead1	cause to go with one, esp. By guiding or going in front.
Lead1	a direct the actions or opinions of.
Lead1	Guide by persuasion or example
Lead1	Provide access to; bring to a certain position
Lead1	pass or go through
Lead1	a have the first place in.
Lead1	Go first; be ahead in a race etc.
Lead1	Be pre-eminent in some field.
Lead1	be in charge of
Lead1	Play
Lead1	or a card of
Lead1	as first player in a round.
Lead1	result in.
Lead1	have as its main story
Lead1	make
Lead1	Pass through a certain course.
Lead1	guidance given by going in front; example.
Lead1	a leading place
Lead1	amount by which a competitor is ahead of the others.
Lead1	clue.
Lead1	strap etc. For leading a dog etc.
Lead1	conductor
Lead1	conveying electric current to an appliance.
Lead1	a chief part in a play etc.
Lead1	person playing this.
Lead1	Chief performer or instrument of a specified type
Lead1	cards a act or right of playing first.
Lead1	card led.
Lead1	Mislead. Lead up to form a preparation for; direct conversation towards.
Lead2	heavy bluish-grey soft metallic element.
Lead2	a graphite.
Lead2	thin length of this in a pencil.
Lead2	lump of lead used in sounding water.
Lead2	(in
Lead2	strips of lead covering a roof.
Lead2	piece of lead-covered roof.
Lead2	(in
Lead2	) Lead frames holding the glass of a lattice etc.
Lead2	blank space between lines of print.
Lead2	cover, weight, or frame with lead.
Lead2	space
Lead2	with leads.
Leaden	of or like lead.
Leaden	heavy or slow.
Leaden	lead-coloured.
Leader	a person or thing that leads.
Leader	person followed by others.
Leader	principal player in a music group or of the first violins in an orchestra.
Leader	shoot of a plant at the apex of a stem or of the main branch.
Lead-free	without added lead compounds.
Lead-in	Introduction, opening, etc.
Leading1	Chief; most important.
Leading2	Printing
Leading aircraftman	Rank above aircraftman in the raf.
Leading article	Newspaper article giving editorial opinion.
Leading light	Prominent and influential person.
Leading note	Seventh note of a diatonic scale.
Leading question	Question prompting the answer wanted.
Lead pencil	Pencil of graphite in wood.
Lead-poisoning	Poisoning by absorption of lead into the body.
Leaf	each of several flattened usu. Green structures of a plant, growing usu. On the side of a stem.
Leaf	a foliage regarded collectively.
Leaf	state of bearing leaves
Leaf	single thickness of paper.
Leaf	very thin sheet of metal etc.
Leaf	hinged part, extra section, or flap of a table etc.
Leaf	put forth leaves.
Leaf	turn over the pages of
Leaf	Leafy
Leaflet	sheet of paper, pamphlet, etc. Giving information.
Leaflet	young leaf.
Leaflet	bot. Division of a compound leaf.
Leaflet	distribute leaflets
Leaf-mould	Soil or compost consisting chiefly of decayed leaves.
Leaf-stalk	Stalk joining a leaf to a stem.
League1	people, countries, groups, etc., combining for a particular purpose.
League1	agreement to combine in this way.
League1	group of sports clubs which compete for a championship.
League1	class of contestants etc.
League1	join in a league.
League2	Hist. Varying measure of distance, usu. About three miles.
League table	List in ranked order of success etc.
Leak	a hole through which matter passes accidentally in or out.
Leak	matter passing through thus.
Leak	act of passing through thus.
Leak	a similar escape of electrical charge.
Leak	charge that escapes.
Leak	disclosure of secret information.
Leak	a pass through a leak.
Leak	lose or admit through a leak.
Leak	disclose
Leak	become known.
Leak	urinate.
Leakage	Action or result of leaking.
Lean1	(past and
Lean1	Leaned or leant)
Lean1	Be or place in a sloping position; incline from the perpendicular.
Lean1	rest for support against etc.
Lean1	rely on.
Lean1	be inclined or partial to.
Lean1	Deviation from the perpendicular; inclination.
Lean1	Put pressure on
Lean1	to act in a certain way. Lean over backwards see *backwards.
Lean2	thin; having no superfluous fat.
Lean2	containing little fat.
Lean2	meagre.
Lean2	Lean part of meat.
Leaning	Tendency or partiality.
Lean-to	building with its roof leaning against a larger building or a wall.
Lean years	pl. Years of scarcity.
Leap	(past and
Leap	Leaped or leapt) jump or spring forcefully.
Leap	Forceful jump.
Leap-frog	Game in which players vault with parted legs over others bending down.
Leap-frog	perform such a vault
Leap-frog	overtake alternately.
Leap year	Year with
Leap year	66 days (including
Leap year	9th feb. As an intercalary day).
Learn	(past and
Learn	Learned or learnt)
Learn	gain knowledge of or skill in.
Learn	commit to memory.
Learn	be told about.
Learn	Become aware of.
Learn	receive instruction.
Learn	or dial. Teach.
Learned	having much knowledge acquired by study.
Learned	showing or requiring learning
Learned	academic.
Learner	person who is learning a subject or skill.
Learner	person who is learning to drive but has not yet passed a driving test.
Learning	Knowledge acquired by study.
Lease	Contract by which the owner of property allows another to use it for a specified time, usu. In return for payment.
Lease	grant or take on lease.
Leasehold	holding of property by lease.
Leasehold	property held by lease.
Leash	Strap for holding a dog etc.; lead.
Leash	put a leash on.
Leash	restrain.
Least	smallest, slightest.
Least	Very small.
Least	The least amount.
Least	In the least degree.
Least	at any rate.
Least	not less than. In the least
Least	At all
Least	. To say the least putting the case moderately.
Leather	material made from the skin of an animal by tanning etc.
Leather	piece of leather for polishing with.
Leather	leather part
Leather	of a thing.
Leather	cricket-ball or football.
Leather	(in
Leather	) Leather clothes.
Leather	beat, thrash.
Leather	cover with leather.
Leather	polish or wipe with a leather.
Leatherback	Large marine turtle with a leathery shell.
Leather-bound	Bound in leather.
Leatherette	Propr. Imitation leather.
Leather-jacket	Crane-fly grub with a tough skin.
Leathery	like leather.
Leathery	tough.
Leave1	(-ving; past and
Leave1	Left)
Leave1	a go away from.
Leave1	depart.
Leave1	cause to or let remain; depart without taking.
Leave1	Cease to reside at or belong to or work for.
Leave1	abandon; cease to live with
Leave1	have remaining after one's death.
Leave1	bequeath.
Leave1	Allow
Leave1	to do something independently.
Leave1	commit to another person etc.
Leave1	a abstain from consuming or dealing with.
Leave1	remain over.
Leave1	0 a deposit or entrust
Leave1	to be attended to in one's absence
Leave1	depute
Leave1	to perform a function in one's absence.
Leave1	1 allow to remain or cause to be in a specified state or position
Leave1	come to or make an end.
Leave1	discontinue. Leave out omit; exclude.
Leave2	Permission.
Leave2	permission to be absent from duty.
Leave2	period for which this lasts.
Leaved	Having a leaf or leaves, esp. (in
Leaved	) Of a specified kind or number
Leaven	substance causing dough to ferment and rise.
Leaven	pervasive transforming influence; admixture.
Leaven	ferment
Leaven	with leaven.
Leaven	permeate and transform; modify with a tempering element.
Leaves	Of *leaf.
Leave-taking	Act of taking one's leave.
Leavings	pl. Things left over.
Lebanese	Of lebanon.
Lebanese	native or national of lebanon.
Lebanese	person of lebanese descent.
Lech	lust.
Lech	lecherous man.
Lech	lust.
Lecher	Lecherous man.
Lecherous	Lustful, having excessive sexual desire.
Lechery	Excessive sexual desire.
Lectern	stand for holding a book in a church etc.
Lectern	similar stand for a lecturer etc.
Lecture	talk giving specified information to a class etc.
Lecture	long serious speech, esp. As a reprimand.
Lecture	deliver lecture
Lecture	talk seriously or reprovingly to.
Lecturer	Person who lectures, esp. As a teacher in higher education.
Led	Light-emitting diode.
Lederhosen	pl. Leather shorts as worn by some men in bavaria etc.
Ledge	Narrow horizontal or shelflike projection.
Ledger	Main record of the accounts of a business.
Lee	shelter given by a close object
Lee	side away from the wind.
Leech	bloodsucking worm formerly much used medically.
Leech	person who sponges on others.
Leek	plant of the onion family with flat leaves forming a cylindrical bulb, used as food.
Leek	this as a welsh national emblem.
Leer	Look slyly, lasciviously, or maliciously.
Leer	Leering look.
Leery	knowing, sly.
Leery	wary.
Lees	sediment of wine etc.
Lees	dregs.
Leeward	On or towards the side sheltered from the wind.
Leeward	Leeward region or side.
Leeway	allowable scope of action.
Leeway	sideways drift of a ship to leeward of the desired course.
Left1	on or towards the west side of the human body, or of any object, when facing north.
Left1	polit. Of the left.
Left1	On or to the left side.
Left1	left-hand part, region, or direction.
Left1	boxing a left hand.
Left1	blow with this.
Left1	group or section favouring socialism; socialists collectively.
Left bank	Bank of a river on the left facing downstream.
Left-hand	on or towards the left side of a person or thing.
Left-hand	done with the left hand.
Left-handed	naturally using the left hand for writing etc.
Left-handed	For use by the left hand.
Left-handed	struck with the left hand.
Left-handed	a turning to the left.
Left-handed	turned anticlockwise to tighten.
Left-handed	awkward, clumsy.
Left-handed	ambiguous.
Left-handed	of doubtful sincerity.
Left-handed	Left-handedness
Left-hander	left-handed person.
Left-hander	left-handed blow.
Leftism	Socialist political principles.
Left luggage	Luggage deposited for later retrieval.
Leftmost	Furthest to the left.
Leftover	(usu. In
Leftover	) Surplus items
Leftover	Remaining over, surplus.
Leftward	towards the left.
Leftward	Going towards or facing the left.
Left wing	more socialist section of a political party or system.
Left wing	left side of a football etc. Team on the field.
Left wing	socialist, radical.
Lefty	polit. Often derog. Left-winger.
Lefty	left-handed person.
Leg	each of the limbs on which a person or animal walks and stands.
Leg	leg of an animal or bird as food.
Leg	part of a garment covering a leg.
Leg	support of a chair, table, etc.
Leg	cricket the half of the field
Leg	in which the batsman's feet are placed.
Leg	a section of a journey.
Leg	section of a relay race.
Leg	stage in a competition.
Leg	Walk or run hard. Not have a leg to stand on be unable to support one's argument by facts or sound reasons. On one's last legs near death or the end of usefulness etc.
Leg	(also in
Legacy	gift left in a will.
Legacy	thing handed down by a predecessor.
Legal	of or based on law; concerned with law.
Legal	appointed or required by law.
Legal	permitted by law.
Legal aid	State assistance for legal advice or action.
Legalese	Technical language of legal documents.
Legalistic	Adhering excessively to a law or formula.
Legalistic	Legalist
Legality	lawfulness.
Legality	(in
Legality	) Obligations imposed by law.
Legalize	make lawful.
Legalize	bring into harmony with the law.
Legal tender	Currency that cannot legally be refused in payment of a debt.
Legate	Ambassador of the pope.
Legatee	Recipient of a legacy.
Legation	diplomatic minister and his or her staff.
Legation	this minister's official residence.
Legato	In a smooth flowing manner.
Legato	legato passage.
Legato	legato playing.
Leg before	cricket
Leg before	out because of stopping the ball, other than with the bat or hand, which would otherwise have hit the wicket.
Leg before	Such a dismissal.
Leg-bye	Cricket run scored from a ball that touches the batsman.
Legend	a traditional story; myth.
Legend	these collectively.
Legend	Famous or remarkable event or person.
Legend	inscription.
Legend	explanation on a map etc. Of symbols used.
Legendary	of, based on, or described in a legend.
Legendary	Remarkable.
Legerdemain	sleight of hand.
Legerdemain	trickery, sophistry.
Leger line	Short line added for notes above or below the range of a staff.
Legging	(usu. In
Legging	close-fitting knitted trousers for women or children.
Legging	stout protective outer covering for the lower leg.
Leggy	long-legged.
Leggy	long-stemmed and weak.
Legible	Clear enough to read; readable.
Legible	Legibly
Legion	division of
Legion	,000–6,000 men in the ancient roman army.
Legion	large organized body.
Legion	Great in number
Legionary	Of a legion or legions.
Legionary	member of a legion.
Legionnaire	Member of a legion.
Legionnaires' disease	Form of bacterial pneumonia.
Legislate	make laws.
Legislation	law-making.
Legislation	laws collectively.
Legislative	Of or empowered to make legislation.
Legislature	Legislative body of a state.
Legit	Legitimate (in sense
Legitimate	born of parents married to each other.
Legitimate	lawful, proper, regular.
Legitimate	logically acceptable.
Legitimate	Legitimately
Legitimatize	legitimize.
Legitimize	make legitimate.
Legitimize	serve as a justification for.
Legless	having no legs.
Legless	very drunk.
Lego	Propr. Toy consisting of interlocking plastic building blocks.
Leg-of-mutton sleeve	Sleeve which is full and loose on the upper arm but close-fitting on the forearm.
Leg-pull	Hoax.
Leg-room	Space for the legs of a seated person.
Legume	leguminous plant.
Legume	edible part of a leguminous plant.
Leguminous	Of the family of plants with seeds in pods
Leg up	Help given to mount a horse etc., or to overcome an obstacle or problem; boost.
Leg warmer	Either of a pair of tubular knitted garments covering the leg from ankle to knee or thigh.
Lei	Polynesian garland of flowers.
Leisure	free time.
Leisure	enjoyment of free time.
Leisure	not occupied.
Leisure	in an unhurried manner. At one's leisure when one has time.
Leisure centre	Public building with sports facilities etc.
Leisured	Having ample leisure.
Leisurely	Unhurried, relaxed.
Leisurely	Without hurry.
Leisurewear	Informal clothes, esp. Sportswear.
Leitmotif	recurrent theme in a musical etc. Composition representing a particular person, idea, etc.
Lemming	Small arctic rodent reputed to rush into the sea and drown during migration.
Lemon	a yellow oval citrus fruit with acidic juice.
Lemon	tree bearing it.
Lemon	pale yellow colour.
Lemon	Person or thing regarded as a failure.
Lemonade	drink made from lemon juice.
Lemonade	synthetic substitute for this.
Lemon balm	Bushy plant smelling and tasting of lemon.
Lemon curd	creamy conserve made from lemons.
Lemon geranium	Lemon-scented pelargonium.
Lemon sole	flat-fish of the plaice family.
Lemur	Tree-dwelling primate of madagascar.
Lend	(past and
Lend	Lent)
Lend	grant
Lend	the use of
Lend	on the understanding that it or its equivalent shall be returned.
Lend	allow the use of
Lend	at interest.
Lend	bestow or contribute
Length	measurement or extent from end to end.
Length	extent in or of time.
Length	distance a thing extends.
Length	length of a horse, boat, etc., as a measure of the lead in a race.
Length	long stretch or extent.
Length	degree of thoroughness in action
Length	piece of a certain length
Length	prosody quantity of a vowel or syllable.
Length	cricket a distance from the batsman at which the ball pitches.
Length	proper amount of this.
Length	0 length of a swimming-pool as a measure of distance swum.
Length	in detail.
Length	after a long time.
Lengthen	Make or become longer.
Lengthways	In a direction parallel with a thing's length.
Lengthwise	Lengthways.
Lengthwise	Lying or moving lengthways.
Lengthy	of unusual or tedious length.
Lengthy	Lengthiness
Lenient	Merciful, not severe.
Lenient	Leniency
Lenient	Leniently
Lens	piece of a transparent substance with one or
Lens	Both sides curved for concentrating or dispersing light-rays esp. In optical instruments.
Lens	combination of lenses used in photography.
Lens	transparent substance behind the iris of the eye.
Lent	Eccl. Period of fasting and penitence from ash wednesday to holy saturday.
Lentil	pea-like plant.
Lentil	its seed, esp. Used as food.
Lento	Slow.
Lento	Slowly.
Leo	constellation and fifth sign of the zodiac
Leo	person born when the sun is in this sign.
Leonine	like a lion.
Leonine	of or relating to lions.
Leopard	Large african or asian animal of the cat family with a black-spotted yellowish or all black coat, panther.
Leotard	Close-fitting one-piece garment worn by dancers etc.
Leper	person with leprosy.
Leper	person who is shunned.
Lepidopterous	Of the order of insects with four scale-covered wings, including butterflies and moths.
Leprechaun	Small mischievous sprite in irish folklore.
Leprosy	Contagious disease that damages the skin and nerves.
Lesbian	Homosexual woman.
Lesbian	Of female homosexuality.
Lese-majesty	treason.
Lese-majesty	insult to a sovereign or ruler.
Lese-majesty	presumptuous conduct.
Lesion	damage.
Lesion	injury.
Lesion	morbid change in the functioning or texture of an organ etc.
Less	smaller in extent, degree, duration, number, etc.
Less	of smaller quantity, not so much
Less	Fewer
Less	To a smaller extent, in a lower degree.
Less	Smaller amount, quantity, or number
Less	Minus
-less	forming adjectives and adverbs:
-less	from nouns, meaning ‘not having, without, free from’
-less	from verbs, meaning ‘not accessible to, affected by, or performing the action of the verb’
Lessee	person holding a property by lease.
Lessen	Make or become less, diminish.
Lesser	(usu.
Lesser	) Not so great as the other
Lesson	spell of teaching.
Lesson	(in
Lesson	; foll. By in) systematic instruction.
Lesson	thing learnt by a pupil.
Lesson	experience that serves to warn or encourage
Lesson	passage from the bible read aloud during a church service.
Lessor	Person who lets a property by lease.
Lest	Formal
Lest	in order that not, for fear that
Lest	that
Let1	(-tt-; past and
Let1	Let)
Let1	a allow to, not prevent or forbid.
Let1	cause to
Let1	allow to enter.
Let1	grant the use of
Let1	For rent or hire.
Let1	allow or cause
Let1	to escape
Let1	aux. Supplying the first and third persons of the imperative in exhortations
Let1	, commands
Let1	, assumptions, etc.
Let1	Act of letting a house, room, etc.
Let1	not to mention, far less or more
Let1	= let be. Let be not interfere with, attend to, or do. Let down
Let1	lower.
Let1	fail to support or satisfy, disappoint.
Let1	lengthen
Let1	deflate
Let1	. Let down gently reject or disappoint without humiliating. Let drop
Let1	drop (esp.
Let1	word or hint) intentionally or by accident. Let go
Let1	release.
Let1	lose one's hold.
Let1	lose hold of. Let oneself go
Let1	act spontaneously.
Let1	neglect one's appearance or habits. Let in
Let1	allow to enter
Let1	involve
Let1	in loss or difficulty.
Let1	allow
Let1	to share a secret, privileges, etc. Let loose release, unchain. Let off
Let1	a fire
Let1	explode
Let1	allow or cause
Let1	To escape.
Let1	a not punish or compel.
Let1	punish lightly.
Lb	Pound
Lbc	London broadcasting company.
L.b.w.	Leg before wicket.
L.c.	lower case.
Lcd	liquid crystal display.
Lcd	lowest
Lcd	common denominator.
Lcm	Lowest
Lcm	common multiple.
L/cpl	Lance-corporal.
Ld.	Lord.
Lea	Local education authority.
Lea	Poet. Meadow, field.
Let2	Obstruction of a ball or player in tennis etc., requiring the ball to be served again.
Let2	(-tt-; past and
Let2	Letted or let)
Let2	hinder, obstruct.
-let	forming nouns, usu. Diminutive
-let	or denoting articles of ornament or dress
Let-down	Disappointment.
Lethal	Causing or sufficient to cause death.
Lethargy	lack of energy.
Lethargy	morbid drowsiness.
Lethargy	Lethargically
Let-out	Opportunity to escape a commitment etc.
Letter	character representing one or more of the sounds used in speech.
Letter	a written or printed message, usu. Sent in an envelope by post.
Letter	) Addressed legal or formal document.
Letter	precise terms of a statement, the strict verbal interpretation
Letter	(in
Letter	literature.
Letter	acquaintance with books, erudition.
Letter	inscribe letters on.
Letter	classify with letters.
Letter-bomb	Terrorist explosive device in the form of a postal packet.
Letter-box	Box or slot into which letters are posted or delivered.
Lettered	Well-read or educated.
Letterhead	printed heading on stationery.
Letterhead	stationery with this.
Letter of credit	Letter from a bank authorizing the bearer to draw money from another bank.
Letterpress	printed words of an illustrated book.
Letterpress	printing from raised type.
Lettuce	Plant with crisp leaves used in salads.
Let-up	reduction in intensity.
Let-up	relaxation of effort.
Leuco-	Form white.
Leucocyte	White blood cell.
Leukaemia	malignant disease in which the bone-marrow etc. Produces too many leucocytes.
Leukemia	malignant disease in which the bone-marrow etc. Produces too many leucocytes.
Levant	eastern mediterranean countries.
Levantine	Of or trading to the levant.
Levantine	Native or inhabitant of the levant.
Levee	embankment against river floods.
Levee	natural embankment built up by a river.
Levee	landing-place.
Level	horizontal line or plane.
Level	height or value reached; position on a real or imaginary scale
Level	social, moral, or intellectual standard.
Level	plane of rank or authority
Level	instrument giving a line parallel to the plane of the horizon.
Level	level surface.
Level	flat tract of land.
Level	flat and even; not bumpy.
Level	horizontal.
Level	a on the same horizontal plane as something else.
Level	having equality with something else.
Level	even, uniform, equable, or well-balanced.
Level	make level.
Level	raze.
Level	Aim
Level	direct
Level	Do one's utmost. Find one's level reach the right social, intellectual, etc. Position. Level down bring down to a standard. Level off make or become level. Level out make or become level. Level up bring up to a standard. On the level
Level	honestly, without deception.
Level	honest, truthful. On a level with
Level	in the same horizontal plane as.
Level	equal with.
Level crossing	Crossing of a railway and a road, or two railways, at the same level.
Leveler	person who advocates the abolition of social distinctions.
Leveler	person or thing that levels.
Level-headed	Mentally well-balanced, sensible.
Leveller	person who advocates the abolition of social distinctions.
Leveller	person or thing that levels.
Level pegging	Equality of scores etc.
Lever	bar resting on a pivot, used to prise.
Lever	bar pivoted about a fulcrum
Lever	which can be acted upon by a force
Lever	in order to move a load.
Lever	projecting handle moved to operate a mechanism.
Lever	means of exerting moral pressure.
Lever	use a lever.
Lever	Lift, move, etc. With a lever.
Leverage	action or power of a lever.
Leverage	power to accomplish a purpose.
Leveraged buyout	Buyout in which outside capital is used to enable the management to buy up the company.
Leveret	Young hare, esp. One in its first year.
Leviathan	bibl. Sea-monster.
Leviathan	very large or powerful thing.
Levis	pl.
Levis	Type of
Levis	denim jeans or overalls reinforced with rivets.
Levitate	rise and float in the air
Levitate	cause to do this.
Levity	Lack of serious thought, frivolity.
Levy	impose or collect compulsorily
Levy	enrol
Levy	wage
Levy	a collecting of a contribution, tax, etc.
Levy	contribution etc. Levied.
Levy	a act of enrolling troops etc.
Levy	) Troops enrolled.
Lewd	lascivious.
Lewd	obscene.
Lexical	of the words of a language.
Lexical	of or as of a lexicon.
Lexicography	Compiling of dictionaries.
Lexicon	dictionary, esp. Of greek, hebrew, syriac, or arabic.
Lexicon	vocabulary of a person etc.
Leyden jar	Early capacitor consisting of a glass jar with layers of metal foil on the outside and inside.
Lf	Low frequency.
Li	Lithium.
Liability	being liable.
Liability	troublesome responsibility; handicap.
Liability	(in
Liability	) Debts etc. For which one is liable.
Liable	legally bound.
Liable	subject to.
Liable	Under an obligation.
Liable	exposed or open to
Liable	Apt, likely
Liable	answerable.
Liaise	Establish cooperation, act as a link.
Liaison	communication or cooperation.
Liaison	illicit sexual relationship.
Liana	Climbing plant of tropical forests.
Liar	Person who tells a lie or lies.
Lib.	Liberal.
Lib	liberation.
Libation	pouring out of a drink-offering to a god.
Libation	such a drink-offering.
Libel	law a published false statement that is damaging to a person's reputation.
Libel	act of publishing this.
Libel	false and defamatory misrepresentation or statement.
Libel	defame by libellous statements.
Libel	law publish a libel against.
Liberal	abundant, ample.
Liberal	giving freely, generous.
Liberal	open-minded.
Liberal	not strict or rigorous.
Liberal	for the general broadening of the mind
Liberal	a favouring moderate political and social reform.
Liberal	of or characteristic of liberals.
Liberal	person of liberal views.
Liberal	supporter or member of a liberal party.
Liberal	Liberality
Liberal	Liberally
Liberal democrat	Member of the party formed from the liberal party and the social democratic party.
Liberalize	make or become more liberal or less strict.
Liberate	set free.
Liberate	free
Liberate	From an oppressor or enemy.
Liberate	(often as liberated
Liberate	) Free
Liberate	from rigid social conventions.
Liberate	Liberator
Libertine	Licentious person, rake.
Libertine	Licentious.
Liberty	freedom from captivity etc.
Liberty	right or power to do as one pleases.
Liberty	(usu. In
Liberty	) Right or privilege granted by authority.
Liberty	free.
Liberty	Permitted. Take liberties
Liberty	behave in an unduly familiar manner.
Libidinous	Lustful.
Libido	psychic drive or energy, esp. That associated with sexual desire.
Libra	constellation and seventh sign of the zodiac
Libra	person born when the sun is in this sign.
Librarian	Person in charge of or assisting in a library.
Library	collection of books.
Library	room or building where these are kept.
Library	a similar collection of films, records, computer routines, etc.
Library	place where these are kept.
Library	set of books issued in similar bindings.
Libretto	text of an opera etc.
Lice	Of *louse.
Licence	official permit to own or use something, do something, or carry on a trade.
Licence	permission.
Licence	liberty of action, esp. When excessive.
Licence	writer's or artist's deliberate deviation from fact, correct grammar, etc.
License1	official permit to own or use something, do something, or carry on a trade.
License1	permission.
License1	liberty of action, esp. When excessive.
License1	writer's or artist's deliberate deviation from fact, correct grammar, etc.
License2	grant a licence to.
License2	authorize the use of
License2	for a certain purpose.
Licensee	Holder of a licence, esp. To sell alcoholic liquor.
Licentiate	Holder of a certificate of professional competence.
Licentious	Sexually promiscuous.
Lichen	Plant composed of a fungus and an alga in association, growing on and colouring rocks, tree-trunks, etc.
Lich-gate	roofed gateway to a churchyard where a coffin awaits the clergyman's arrival.
Licit	Formal permitted, lawful.
Lick	pass the tongue over.
Lick	bring into a specified condition by licking
Lick	Play lightly over.
Lick	Defeat.
Lick	Thrash.
Lick	act of licking with the tongue.
Lick	Fast pace
Lick	smart blow.
Lick and a promise	Hasty performance of a task, esp. Washing oneself.
Lid	hinged or removable cover, esp. For a container.
Lid	be the culmination of.
Lid	put a stop to.
Lid	(also in
Lido	public open-air swimming-pool or bathing-beach.
Lie1	(lies; lying; past lay;
Lie1	Lain)
Lie1	be in or assume a horizontal position on a surface; be at rest on something.
Lie1	rest flat on a surface.
Lie1	remain undisturbed or undiscussed etc.
Lie1	a be kept, remain, or be in a specified state or place
Lie1	exist; be in a certain position or relation
Lie1	a be situated
Lie1	be spread out to view.
Lie1	Way, direction, or position in which a thing lies.
Lie1	keep quiet or unseen.
Lie1	be discreet about one's intentions. Lie with be the responsibility of
Lie1	. Take lying down
Lie1	Accept
Lie1	Without protest.
Lie2	intentionally false statement
Lie2	something that deceives.
Lie2	tell a lie or lies.
Lie2	be deceptive.
Lied	german song, esp. Of the romantic period.
Lie-detector	Instrument supposedly determining whether a person is lying, by testing for certain physiological changes.
Lie-down	Short rest.
Lie-in	Prolonged stay in bed in the morning.
Lien	Law right to hold another's property until a debt on it is paid.
Lie of the land	State of affairs.
Lieu	instead.
Lieu	in the place of.
Lieut.	Lieutenant.
Lieutenant	a army officer next in rank below captain.
Lieutenant	naval officer next in rank below lieutenant commander.
Lieutenant	deputy.
Lieutenant colonel	officers ranking next below colonel, commander, or general.
Life	capacity for growth, functional activity, and continual change until death.
Life	living things and their activity
Life	a period during which life lasts, or the period from birth to the present time or from the present time to death
Life	duration of a thing's existence or ability to function.
Life	a person's state of existence as a living individual
Life	living person
Life	a individual's actions or fortunes; manner of existence
Life	particular aspect of this
Life	business and pleasures of the world
Life	energy, liveliness
Life	biography.
Life	Most certainly not.
Lifebelt	Buoyant belt for keeping a person afloat.
Lifeblood	blood, as being necessary to life.
Lifeblood	vital factor or influence.
Lifeboat	special boat for rescuing those in distress at sea.
Lifeboat	ship's small boat for use in emergency.
Lifebuoy	Buoyant support for keeping a person afloat.
Life cycle	Series of changes in the life of an organism, including reproduction.
Lifeguard	Expert swimmer employed to rescue bathers from drowning.
Life guards	pl. Regiment of the royal household cavalry.
Life insurance	Insurance for a sum to be paid after a set period or on the death of the insured person if earlier.
Life-jacket	Buoyant jacket for keeping a person afloat.
Lifeless	dead.
Lifeless	unconscious.
Lifeless	lacking movement or vitality.
Lifelike	Closely resembling life or the person or thing represented.
Lifeline	rope etc. Used for life-saving.
Lifeline	sole means of communication or transport.
Lifelong	Lasting a lifetime.
Life peer	Peer whose title lapses on death.
Life-preserver	short stick with a heavily loaded end.
Life-preserver	life-jacket etc.
Lifer	person serving a life sentence.
Life sciences	pl. Biology and related subjects.
Life sentence	Sentence of imprisonment for an indefinite period.
Life-size	of the same size as the person or thing represented.
Lifestyle	Way of life of a person or group.
Life-support machine	Respirator.
Lifetime	Duration of a person's life.
Lift	Raise or remove to a higher position.
Lift	go up; be raised; yield to an upward force.
Lift	give an upward direction to
Lift	elevate to a higher plane of thought or feeling.
Lift	Rise, disperse.
Lift	remove
Lift	transport
Lift	By air.
Lift	steal.
Lift	plagiarize
Lift	dig up
Lift	lifting or being lifted.
Lift	ride in another person's vehicle
Lift-off	Vertical take-off of a spacecraft or rocket.
Ligament	Band of tough fibrous tissue linking bones.
Ligature	tie or bandage.
Ligature	Slur, tie.
Ligature	two or more letters joined, e.g. Æ.
Ligature	bond; thing that unites.
Ligature	bind or connect with a ligature.
Light1	the natural agent
Light1	that stimulates sight and makes things visible.
Light1	the medium or condition of the space in which this is present
Light1	appearance of brightness
Light1	source of light, e.g. The sun, a lamp, fire, etc.
Light1	(often in
Light1	) Traffic-light.
Light1	a flame or spark serving to ignite.
Light1	device producing this.
Light1	aspect in which a thing is regarded
Light1	a mental illumination.
Light1	spiritual illumination by divine truth.
Light1	vivacity etc. In a person's face, esp. In the eyes.
Light1	0 eminent person
Light1	1 bright parts of a picture etc.
Light1	2 window or opening in a wall to let light in.
Light1	(past lit;
Light1	Lit or lighted)
Light1	set burning; begin to burn.
Light1	provide with light or lighting; make prominent by means of light.
Light1	show
Light1	the way or surroundings with a light.
Light1	brighten with animation, pleasure, etc.
Light1	well provided with light; not dark.
Light1	pale
Light1	Begin to smoke a cigarette etc.
Light1	= sense
Light1	= sense
Light2	not heavy.
Light2	a relatively low in weight, amount, density, intensity, etc.
Light2	deficient in weight
Light2	a carrying or suitable for small loads
Light2	unladen.
Light2	carrying only light arms, armaments, etc.
Light2	easy to digest.
Light2	Intended for amusement only; not profound.
Light2	easily disturbed.
Light2	easily borne or done
Light2	nimble; quick-moving
Light2	Graceful, elegant.
Light2	0 a free from sorrow; cheerful
Light2	giddy
Light2	in a light manner
Light2	with a minimum load
Light2	(past and
Light2	Lit or lighted)
Light2	come upon or find by chance.
Light2	Lightly
Light2	Lightness
Light-bulb	Glass bulb containing an inert gas and a metal filament, providing light when an electric current is passed through it.
Lighten1	a make or become lighter in weight.
Lighten1	reduce the weight or load of.
Lighten1	bring relief to
Lighten1	mitigate
Lighten2	shed light on.
Lighten2	make or grow bright.
Lighter1	Device for lighting cigarettes etc.
Lighter2	Boat, usu. Flat-bottomed, for transferring goods from a ship to a wharf or another ship.
Lighter-than-air	weighing less than the air it displaces.
Light-fingered	Given to stealing.
Light flyweight	amateur boxing weight up to
Light flyweight	8 kg.
Light flyweight	amateur boxer of this weight.
Light-footed	Nimble.
Light-headed	Giddy, delirious.
Light-hearted	cheerful.
Light-hearted	casual.
Light heavyweight	weight in certain sports between middleweight and heavyweight, in amateur boxing
Light heavyweight	5–81 kg: also called *cruiserweight.
Light heavyweight	sportsman of this weight.
Lighthouse	Tower etc. Containing a beacon light to warn or guide ships at sea.
Light industry	Manufacture of small or light articles.
Lighting	equipment in a room or street etc. For producing light.
Lighting	arrangement or effect of lights.
Lighting-up time	Time after which vehicles must show the prescribed lights.
Light meter	Instrument for measuring the intensity of the light, esp. To show the correct photographic exposure.
Light middleweight	weight in amateur boxing of
Light middleweight	7–71 kg.
Light middleweight	amateur boxer of this weight.
Lightning	Flash of bright light produced by an electric discharge between clouds or between clouds and the ground.
Lightning	Very quick.
Lightning-conductor	metal rod or wire fixed to an exposed part of a building or to a mast to divert lightning into the earth or sea.
Lights	pl. Lungs of sheep, pigs, etc., used as a food esp. For pets.
Lightship	Moored or anchored ship with a beacon light.
Lightweight	of below average weight.
Lightweight	of little importance or influence.
Lightweight	lightweight person, animal, or thing.
Lightweight	a weight in certain sports between featherweight and welterweight, in amateur boxing
Lightweight	7–60 kg.
Lightweight	sportsman of this weight.
Light welterweight	weight in amateur boxing of
Light welterweight	0–63.5 kg.
Light welterweight	amateur boxer of this weight.
Light-year	Distance light travels in one year, nearly
Light-year	million million miles.
Ligneous	woody.
Ligneous	of the nature of wood.
Lignite	Brown coal of woody texture.
Lignum vitae	hard-wooded tree.
Like1	a having some or all of the qualities of another, each other, or an original.
Like1	resembling in some way, such as
Like1	characteristic of
Like1	in a suitable state or mood for
Like1	In the manner of; to the same degree as
Like1	so to speak
Like1	Likely, probably
Like1	as
Like1	as if
Like1	counterpart; equal; similar person or thing.
Like1	thing or things of the same kind
Like1	Very much, vigorously. The likes of
Like1	person such as. More like it
Like1	Nearer what is required. What is he
Like1	Like? What sort of person is he
Like2	find agreeable or enjoyable.
Like2	a choose to have; prefer
Like2	wish for or be inclined to
Like2	(in
Like2	) Things one likes or prefers.
Like2	find agreeable or enjoyable.
Like2	a choose to have; prefer
Like2	wish for or be inclined to
Like2	(in
Like2	) Things one likes or prefers.
-like	Form forming adjectives from nouns, meaning ‘similar to, characteristic of’
Likeable	pleasant; easy to like.
Likelihood	Probability.
Likely	probable; such as may well happen or be true.
Likely	to be reasonably expected
Likely	promising; apparently suitable
Likely	Probably.
Likely	Certainly not, i refuse.
Like-minded	Having the same tastes, opinions, etc.
Liken	point out the resemblance of
Likeness	resemblance.
Likeness	semblance or guise
Likeness	portrait, representation.
Likewise	also, moreover.
Likewise	similarly
Liking	what one likes; one's taste
Liking	regard or fondness; taste or fancy.
Lilac	shrub with fragrant pinkish-violet or white blossoms.
Lilac	pale pinkish-violet colour.
Lilac	Of this colour.
Liliaceous	Of the lily family.
Lilliputian	Diminutive person or thing.
Lilliputian	Diminutive.
Lilo	type of inflatable mattress.
Lilt	light springing rhythm.
Lilt	tune with this.
Lilt	(esp. As lilting
Lilt	) Speak etc. With a lilt; have a lilt.
Lily	bulbous plant with large trumpet-shaped flowers on a tall stem.
Lily	heraldic fleur-de-lis.
Lily-livered	Cowardly.
Lily of the valley	Plant with white bell-shaped fragrant flowers.
Lily white	(as
Lily white	Often hyphenated) pure white.
Limb1	arm, leg, or wing.
Limb1	large branch of a tree.
Limb1	branch of a cross.
Limb2	Specified edge of the sun, moon, etc.
Limber1	lithe.
Limber1	flexible.
Limber1	make
Limber1	Supple.
Limber1	warm up in preparation for athletic etc. Activity.
Limber2	Detachable front part of a gun-carriage.
Limber2	Attach a limber to.
Limber2	Detachable front part of a gun-carriage.
Limber2	Attach a limber to.
Limbo1	supposed abode of the souls of unbaptized infants, and of the just who died before christ.
Limbo1	intermediate state or condition of awaiting a decision etc.
Limbo2	w. Indian dance in which the dancer bends backwards to pass under a horizontal bar which is progressively lowered.
Lime1	white substance
Lime1	obtained by heating limestone.
Lime1	calcium hydroxide obtained by reacting quicklime with water, used as a fertilizer and in making mortar.
Lime1	treat with lime.
Lime2	a fruit like a lemon but green, rounder, smaller, and more acid.
Lime2	tree which produces this fruit.
Lime2	yellowish-green colour.
Lime3	tree with heart-shaped leaves and fragrant creamy blossom.
Limekiln	Kiln for heating limestone.
Limelight	intense white light used formerly in theatres.
Limelight	the glare of publicity.
Limerick	Humorous five-line verse with a rhyme-scheme aabba.
Limestone	Rock composed mainly of calcium carbonate.
Limey	offens. British person (orig.
Limey	sailor) or ship.
Limit	point, line, or level beyond which something does not or may not extend or pass.
Limit	greatest or smallest amount permissible.
Limit	set or serve as a limit to.
Limit	restrict.
Limit	Be intolerable. Within limits with some degree of freedom.
Limitation	limiting or being limited.
Limitation	limit
Limitation	(often in
Limitation	: know one's limitations).
Limitation	limiting circumstance.
Limited	confined within limits.
Limited	not great in scope or talents.
Limited	restricted to a few examples
Limited	being a limited company.
Limited company	company whose owners are legally responsible only to a specified amount for its debts.
Limn	paint.
Limo	Limousine.
Limousine	Large luxurious car.
Limp1	Walk or proceed lamely or awkwardly.
Limp1	Lame walk.
Limp2	not stiff or firm.
Limp2	without energy or will.
Limp2	Limpness
Limpet	Marine gastropod with a conical shell, sticking tightly to rocks.
Limpet mine	Delayed action mine attached to a ship's hull.
Limpid	Clear, transparent.
Linage	number of lines in printed or written matter.
Linage	payment by the line.
Linchpin	pin passed through an axle-end to keep a wheel in position.
Linchpin	person or thing vital to an organization etc.
Linctus	Syrupy medicine, esp.
Linctus	soothing cough mixture.
Linden	Lime-tree.
Line1	continuous mark made on a surface.
Line1	similar mark, esp.
Line1	furrow or wrinkle.
Line1	use of lines in art.
Line1	a straight or curved continuous extent of length without breadth.
Line1	track of a moving point.
Line1	contour or outline
Line1	a curve connecting all points having a specified common property.
Line1	the equator.
Line1	a limit or boundary.
Line2	cover the inside surface of
Line2	With a layer of usu. Different material.
Line2	serve as a lining for.
Line2	Fill, esp. Plentifully.
Lineage	Lineal descent; ancestry.
Lineal	in the direct line of descent or ancestry.
Lineal	linear.
Lineament	(usu. In
Lineament	) Distinctive feature or characteristic, esp. Of the face.
Linear	of or in lines.
Linear	long and narrow and of uniform breadth.
Linear	Linearly
Linear b	Form of bronze age writing found in greece: an earlier undeciphered form
Linear b	also exists.
Lineation	Marking with or drawing of lines.
Line-drawing	Drawing in which images are produced with lines.
Linen	cloth woven from flax.
Linen	Articles made or orig. Made of linen, as sheets, shirts, underwear, etc.
Linen	Made of linen.
Linen basket	Basket for dirty washing.
Line of fire	Expected path of gunfire etc.
Line of vision	Straight line along which an observer looks.
Line-out	parallel lines of opposing forwards at right angles to the touchline for the throwing in of the ball.
Line printer	Machine that prints output from a computer a line at a time.
Liner1	Ship or aircraft etc. Carrying passengers on a regular line.
Liner2	Removable lining.
Linesman	Umpire's or referee's assistant who decides whether a ball has fallen within the playing area or not.
Line-up	line of people for inspection.
Line-up	arrangement of persons in a team, band, etc.
Ling1	long slender marine fish.
Ling2	Any of various heathers.
-ling	denoting a person or thing: a connected with
-ling	having the property of being
-ling	or undergoing
-ling	denoting a diminutive
-ling	, often derogatory
Linger	stay about.
Linger	Dally
Linger	be protracted.
Linger	be slow in dying.
Lingerie	Women's underwear and nightclothes.
Lingo	foreign language.
Lingo	vocabulary of a special subject or group.
Lingua franca	language used in common by speakers with different native languages.
Lingua franca	system for mutual understanding.
Lingual	of or formed by the tongue.
Lingual	of speech or languages.
Linguist	Person skilled in languages or linguistics.
Linguistic	Of language or the study of languages.
Linguistics	The study of language and its structure.
Liniment	Embrocation.
Lining	Material which lines a surface etc.
Link	one loop or ring of a chain etc.
Link	a connecting part; one in a series.
Link	state or means of connection.
Link	cuff-link.
Link	connect or join
Link	clasp or intertwine
Link	be joined; attach oneself to
Linkage	linking or being linked, esp. The linking of quite different political issues in negotiations.
Linkage	link or system of links.
Linkman	Person providing continuity in a broadcast programme.
Links	pl. (treated as sing. Or
Links	) Golf-course.
Link-up	Act or result of linking up.
Linnaean	Of linnaeus or his system of classifying plants and animals.
Linnet	Brown-grey finch.
Lino	linoleum.
Linocut	design carved in relief on a block of linoleum.
Linocut	print made from this.
Linoleum	Canvas-backed material thickly coated with a preparation of linseed oil and powdered cork etc., esp. As a floor covering.
Linseed	Seed of flax.
Linseed oil	Oil extracted from linseed and used in paint and varnish.
Linsey-woolsey	Fabric of
Linsey-woolsey	wool woven on a cotton warp.
Lint	linen or cotton with a raised nap on one side, used for dressing wounds.
Lint	fluff.
Lintel	Horizontal timber, stone, etc., across the top of a door or window.
Lion	large tawny flesh-eating wild cat of africa and s. Asia.
Lion	zodiacal sign or constellation leo.
Lion	brave or celebrated person.
Lion-heart	Courageous person.
Lionize	treat as a celebrity.
Lion's share	Largest or best part.
Lip	either of the two fleshy parts forming the edges of the mouth-opening.
Lip	edge of a cup, vessel, etc., esp. The part shaped for pouring from.
Lip	Impudent talk.
Lip	touch with the lips; apply the lips to.
Lip	touch lightly.
Lip	(also in
Lipid	Any of a group of fatlike substances that are insoluble in water but soluble in organic solvents, including fatty acids, oils, waxes, and steroids.
Liposuction	Technique in cosmetic surgery for removing excess fat from under the skin by suction.
Lip-read	Understand
Lip-read	from observing a speaker's lip-movements.
Lip-service	Insincere expression of support etc.
Lipstick	Stick of cosmetic for colouring the lips.
Liquefy	make or become liquid.
Liqueur	Any of several strong sweet alcoholic spirits.
Liquid	having a consistency like that of water or oil, flowing freely but of constant volume.
Liquid	having the qualities of water in appearance.
Liquid	clear and pure.
Liquid	easily converted into cash.
Liquid	liquid substance.
Liquid	phonet. Sound of l or r.
Liquidate	wind up the affairs of
Liquidate	by ascertaining liabilities and apportioning assets.
Liquidate	pay off
Liquidate	wipe out, kill.
Liquidation	Liquidating, esp. Of a firm.
Liquid crystal	Turbid liquid with some order in its molecular arrangement.
Liquid crystal display	Visual display in electronic devices, in which the reflectivity of a matrix of liquid crystals changes as a signal is applied.
Liquidity	state of being liquid.
Liquidity	availability of liquid assets.
Liquidize	reduce to a liquid state.
Liquidizer	machine for liquidizing foods.
Liquor	alcoholic
Liquor	drink.
Liquor	other liquid, esp. That produced in cooking.
Liquorice	black root extract used as a sweet and in medicine.
Liquorice	plant from which it is obtained.
Lira	chief monetary unit of italy.
Lira	chief monetary unit of turkey.
Lisle	Fine cotton thread for stockings etc.
Lisp	Speech defect in which s is pronounced like th in thick and z is pronounced like th in this.
Lisp	Speak or utter with a lisp.
Lissom	Lithe, agile.
List1	number of items, names, etc., written or printed together as a record or aid to memory.
List1	(in
List1	palisades enclosing an area for a tournament.
List1	scene of a contest.
List1	make a list of.
List1	enter in a list.
List1	(as listed
List1	approved for dealings on the stock exchange.
List1	of historical importance and officially protected.
List2	Lean over to one side.
List2	Process or instance of listing.
Listen	a make an effort to hear something.
Listen	attentively hear a person speaking.
Listen	a give attention with the ear.
Listen	take notice of; heed.
Listen	seek to hear by waiting alertly.
Listen	tap a telephonic communication.
Listen	use a radio receiving set.
Listener	person who listens.
Listener	person who listens to the radio.
Listeria	Any of several bacteria infecting humans and animals eating contaminated food.
Listless	Lacking energy or enthusiasm.
Listless	Listlessness
List price	Price of something as shown in a published list.
Litany	a series of supplications to god recited by a priest etc. With set responses by the congregation.
Litany	that in the book of common prayer.
Litany	tedious recital
Liter	metric unit of capacity equal to
Liter	cubic decimetre
Literacy	Ability to read and write.
Literal	taking words in their basic sense without metaphor or allegory.
Literal	corresponding exactly to the original words
Literal	prosaic; matter-of-fact.
Literal	so called without exaggeration
Literal	of a letter or the letters of the alphabet.
Literal	Misprint.
Literalism	Insistence on a literal interpretation; adherence to the letter.
Literary	of or concerned with books or literature etc.
Literary	used chiefly by writers; formal.
Literate	Able to read and write; educated.
Literate	Literate person.
Literati	pl. The class of learned people.
Literature	written works, esp. Those valued for form and style.
Literature	writings of a country or period or on a particular subject.
Literature	literary production.
Literature	Printed matter, leaflets, etc.
Lithe	Flexible, supple.
Lithium	Soft silver-white metallic element.
Litho	lithograph.
Lithograph	Lithographic print.
Lithograph	Print by lithography.
Lithography	Process of printing from a plate so treated that ink adheres only to the design to be printed.
Lithography	Lithographic
Lithography	Lithographically
Lithuanian	a native or national of lithuania in eastern europe.
Lithuanian	person of lithuanian descent.
Lithuanian	language of lithuania.
Lithuanian	Of lithuania, its people, or language.
Litigant	Party to a lawsuit.
Litigant	Engaged in a lawsuit.
Litigate	go to law.
Litigate	contest
Litigate	at law.
Litigate	Litigator
Litigious	fond of litigation.
Litigious	contentious.
Litmus	Dye from lichens, turned red by acid and blue by alkali.
Litmus paper	Paper stained with litmus, used to test for acids or alkalis.
Litmus test	Real or ultimate test.
Litotes	ironic understatement, esp. Using the negative
Litre	metric unit of capacity equal to
Litre	cubic decimetre
Litt.d.	Doctor of letters.
Litter	a refuse, esp. Paper, discarded in a public place.
Litter	odds and ends lying about.
Litter	young animals brought forth at one birth.
Litter	vehicle containing a couch and carried on men's shoulders or by animals.
Litter	a kind of stretcher for the sick and wounded.
Litter	straw etc., as bedding for animals.
Litter	granulated material for use as an animal's, esp.
Litter	cat's, toilet indoors.
Litter	make
Litter	untidy with refuse.
Litter	give birth to
Litter	a provide
Litter	With litter as bedding.
Litter	spread straw etc. On
Litterbug	Person who drops litter in the street etc.
Little	small in size, amount, degree, etc.; often used affectionately or condescendingly
Little	a short in stature.
Little	of short distance or duration.
Little	a certain though small amount of
Little	trivial
Little by little	By degrees; gradually.
Little end	The smaller end of a connecting-rod, attached to the piston.
Little grebe	Small water-bird of the grebe family.
Little people	pl.
Little people	fairies.
Little woman	Often derog. One's wife.
Littoral	Of or on the shore.
Littoral	Region lying along a shore.
Liturgy	prescribed form of public worship.
Liturgy	the book of common prayer.
Liturgy	Liturgically
Live1	have life; be or remain alive.
Live1	have one's home
Live1	subsist or feed
Live1	depend for subsistence
Live1	sustain one's position
Live1	a spend or pass
Live1	express in one's life
Live1	conduct oneself, arrange one's habits, etc., in a specified way
Live1	survive; remain
Live1	enjoy life to the full
Live1	Live gaily and extravagantly. Live a lie keep up a pretence. Live together
Live1	share a home and have a sexual relationship. Live up to fulfil. Live with
Live1	share a home with.
Live1	tolerate.
Live2	That is alive; living.
Live2	Heard or seen at the time of its performance or with an audience present.
Live2	of current interest or importance
Live2	glowing, burning
Live2	Not yet kindled or exploded.
Live2	Charged with or carrying electricity.
Live2	in order to make a live broadcast
Live2	as a live performance etc.
Liveable	Fit to live in.
Liveable	worth living.
Liveable	easy to live with.
Lived-in	Showing signs of habitation.
Lived-in	marked by experience.
Live-in	Cohabiting; resident.
Livelihood	Means of living; job, income.
Livelong	In its entire length
Lively	full of life; vigorous, energetic.
Lively	vivid
Lively	cheerful.
Lively	joc. Exciting, dangerous
Liven	Make or become lively, cheer up.
Liver1	large glandular organ in the abdomen of vertebrates.
Liver1	liver of some animals as food.
Liver2	Person who lives in a specified way
Liveried	Wearing livery.
Liverish	suffering from a liver disorder.
Liverish	peevish, glum.
Liverpudlian	Native of liverpool.
Liverpudlian	Of liverpool.
Liver sausage	Sausage of cooked liver etc.
Liverwort	Small mosslike or leafless plant sometimes lobed like a liver.
Livery	distinctive uniform of a member of a city company or of a servant.
Livery	distinctive guise or marking
Livery	distinctive colour scheme in which a company's vehicles etc. Are painted.
Livery stable	Stable where horses are kept at livery or let out for hire.
Lives	Of *life.
Livestock	(usu. Treated as
Livestock	) Animals on a farm, kept for use or profit.
Live wire	Spirited person.
Livid	Furious.
Livid	of a bluish leaden colour
Living	being alive
Living	livelihood.
Living	position held by a clergyman, providing an income.
Living	contemporary; now alive.
Living	exact, lifelike.
Living	still in vernacular use.
Living-room	Room for general day use.
Living wage	Wage on which one can live without privation.
Lizard	Reptile with usu.
Lizard	long body and tail, four legs, and a rough or scaly hide.
Lj	lord justice.
'Ll	shall, will
Llama	S. American ruminant kept as a beast of burden and for its soft woolly fleece.
Ll b	Bachelor of laws.
Ll d	Doctor of laws.
Ll m	Master of laws.
Lloyd's	Incorporated society of underwriters in london.
Lloyd's list	Daily publication devoted to shipping news.
Lloyd's register	Annual classified list of all ships.
Ln	Natural logarithm.
Lo	look.
Loach	small freshwater fish.
Load	a what is carried or to be carried.
Load	amount usu. Or actually carried (often in
Load	: lorry-load of bricks).
Load	burden or commitment of work, responsibility, care, etc.
Load	; often foll. By of) plenty, a lot
Load	a quantity
Load	amount of power carried by an electric circuit or supplied by a generating station.
Load	a put a load on or aboard.
Load	place
Load	aboard a ship, on a vehicle, etc.
Load	take a load aboard.
Load	burden, strain
Load	overburden, overwhelm
Load	a put ammunition in
Load	, film in
Load	, a cassette in
Load	, a program in
Load	, etc.
Load	put
Load	Into a device.
Load	give a bias to.
Load	take note of.
Loaded	a rich.
Loaded	drunk.
Loaded	us drugged.
Loaded	Weighted.
Loaded	carrying some hidden implication.
Loader	loading-machine.
Loader	(in
Loader	) Gun, machine, lorry, etc., loaded in a specified way
Loader	(in
Loader	) (in sense
Loaf1	unit of baked bread, usu. Of a standard size or shape.
Loaf1	other food made in the shape of a loaf and cooked.
Loaf1	head as the seat of common sense.
Loaf2	spend time idly; hang about.
Loafer	idle person.
Loafer	propr. Flat soft-soled leather shoe.
Loam	Rich soil of clay, sand, and humus.
Loan	thing lent, esp.
Loan	sum of money.
Loan	lending or being lent.
Loan	Lend
Loan shark	Person who lends money at exorbitant rates of interest.
Loath	disinclined, reluctant
Loathe	detest, hate.
Loathsome	Arousing hatred or disgust; repulsive.
Loaves	Of *loaf1.
Lob	hit or throw
Lob	Slowly or in a high arc.
Lob	Such a ball.
Lobar	Of a lobe, esp. Of the lung
Lobate	Having a lobe or lobes.
Lobby	porch, ante-room, entrance-hall, or corridor.
Lobby	large hall used esp. For interviews between mps and the public.
Lobby	each of two corridors to which mps retire to vote.
Lobby	a body of lobbyists
Lobby	organized rally of lobbying members of the public.
Lobby	group of journalists who receive unattributable briefings from the government
Lobby	solicit the support of
Lobby	inform in order to influence
Lobby	frequent a parliamentary lobby.
Lobbyist	Person who lobbies an mp etc., esp. Professionally.
Lobe	lower soft pendulous part of the outer ear.
Lobe	similar part of other organs, esp. The brain, liver, and lung.
Lobelia	Plant with bright, esp. Blue, flowers.
Lobotomy	incision into the frontal lobe of the brain, formerly used in some cases of mental disorder.
Lobscouse	Sailor's dish of meat stewed with vegetables and ship's biscuit.
Lobster	marine crustacean with two pincer-like claws.
Lobster	its flesh as food.
Lobster-pot	Basket for trapping lobsters.
Lobworm	Large earthworm used as fishing-bait.
Local	belonging to, existing in, or peculiar to a particular place
Local	of the neighbourhood
Local	of or affecting a part and not the whole
Local	to a nearby place and charged at a lower rate.
Local	inhabitant of a particular place.
Local	Local public house.
Local	local anaesthetic.
Local authority	Administrative body in local government.
Local colour	Touches of detail in a story etc. Designed to provide a realistic background.
Locale	Scene or locality of an event or occurrence.
Local government	System of administration of a county, district, parish, etc., by the elected representatives of those who live there.
Locality	district.
Locality	site or scene of a thing.
Locality	thing's position.
Localize	restrict or assign to a particular place.
Localize	invest with the characteristics of a particular place.
Localize	decentralize.
Local time	Time in a particular place.
Local train	Train stopping at all the stations on its route.
Locate	discover the exact place of.
Locate	establish in a place; situate.
Locate	state the locality of.
Location	particular place.
Location	locating.
Location	natural, not studio, setting for a film etc.
Loc. Cit.	In the passage cited.
Loch	Scot. Lake or narrow inlet of the sea.
Loci	Of *locus.
Lock1	mechanism for fastening a door etc., with a bolt that requires a key of a particular shape to work it.
Lock1	confined section of a canal or river within sluice-gates, for moving boats from one level to another.
Lock1	a turning of a vehicle's front wheels.
Lock1	maximum extent of this.
Lock1	interlocked or jammed state.
Lock1	wrestling-hold that keeps an opponent's limb fixed.
Lock1	player in the second row of a rugby scrum.
Lock1	mechanism for exploding the charge of a gun.
Lock1	a fasten with a lock.
Lock1	shut
Lock1	Thus.
Lock1	Be lockable.
Lock1	enclose
Lock1	by locking.
Lock1	Imprison
Lock1	store inaccessibly
Lock1	hold fast
Lock1	Enclose.
Lock1	make or become rigidly fixed.
Lock1	jam or catch.
Lock1	keep out by locking the door.
Lock1	subject
Lock1	to a lockout. Under lock and key locked up.
Lock2	portion of hair that hangs together.
Lock2	(in
Lock2	) The hair of the head
Locker	cupboard or compartment, esp. For public use.
Locket	Small ornamental case for a portrait or lock of hair, worn on a chain round the neck.
Lockjaw	Form of tetanus in which the jaws become rigidly closed.
Lock-keeper	Person in charge of a river or canal lock.
Lockout	Employer's exclusion of employees from the workplace until certain terms are agreed to.
Locksmith	Maker and mender of locks.
Lock, stock, and barrel	Completely.
Lock-up	house or room for the temporary detention of prisoners.
Lock-up	premises that can be locked up, esp.
Lock-up	small shop.
Lock-up	That can be locked up
Loco1	Locomotive engine.
Loco2	crazy.
Locomotion	Motion or the power of motion from place to place.
Locomotive	Engine for pulling trains.
Locomotive	Of, having, or effecting locomotion.
Locum tenens	(also
Locum tenens	Locum) deputy acting esp. For a doctor or clergyman.
Locus	position or locality.
Locus	line or curve etc. Formed by all the points satisfying certain conditions, or by the defined motion of a point, line, or surface.
Locus classicus	best known or most authoritative passage on a subject.
Locust	African or asian grasshopper migrating in swarms and consuming all vegetation.
Locution	word, phrase, or idiom.
Locution	style of speech.
Lode	Vein of metal ore.
Lodestar	star used as a guide in navigation, esp. The pole star.
Lodestar	a guiding principle.
Lodestar	object of pursuit.
Lodestone	magnetic oxide of iron.
Lodestone	a piece of this used as a magnet.
Lodestone	thing that attracts.
Lodge	small house at the entrance to a park or grounds of a large house, occupied by a gatekeeper etc.
Lodge	small house used in the sporting seasons
Lodge	porter's room at the gate of a college, factory, etc.
Lodge	members or meeting-place of a branch of a society such as the freemasons.
Lodge	beaver's or otter's lair.
Lodge	a reside or live, esp. As a lodger.
Lodge	provide with temporary accommodation.
Lodge	submit or present
Lodge	For attention.
Lodge	become fixed or caught; stick.
Lodge	deposit
Lodge	For security.
Lodge	place
Lodge	In a person.
Lodger	Person paying for accommodation in another's house.
Lodging	temporary accommodation
Lodging	(in
Lodging	) Room or rooms rented for lodging in.
Loess	Deposit of fine wind-blown soil, esp. In the basins of large rivers.
Loft	attic.
Loft	room over a stable.
Loft	gallery in a church or hall.
Loft	pigeon-house.
Loft	backward slope on the face of a golf-club.
Loft	lofting stroke.
Loft	Send
Loft	High up.
Lofty	of imposing height.
Lofty	haughty, aloof.
Lofty	exalted, noble
Lofty	Loftiness
Log1	unhewn piece of a felled tree; any large rough piece of wood, esp. Cut for firewood.
Log1	hist. Floating device for gauging a ship's speed.
Log1	record of events occurring during the voyage of a ship or aircraft.
Log1	any systematic record of deeds, experiences, etc.
Log1	a enter
Log1	in a logbook.
Log1	enter
Log1	In a regular record.
Log1	attain
Log1	(had logged over
Log1	00 miles).
Log1	cut into logs.
Log2	Logarithm.
Logan	poised heavy stone rocking at a touch.
Loganberry	dark red fruit, hybrid of a blackberry and a raspberry.
Logarithm	One of a series of arithmetic exponents tabulated to simplify computation by making it possible to use addition and subtraction instead of multiplication and division.
Logarithm	Logarithmically
Logbook	book containing a detailed record or log.
Logbook	vehicle registration document.
Log cabin	Hut built of logs.
Logger	Us lumberjack.
Loggia	Open-sided gallery or arcade.
Logging	Work of cutting and preparing forest timber.
Logic	a science of reasoning.
Logic	particular system or method of reasoning.
Logic	a chain of reasoning
Logic	use of or ability in argument.
Logic	inexorable force, compulsion, or consequence
Logic	a principles used in designing a computer etc.
Logic	circuits using this.
-logic	Form
-logic	forming adjectives corresponding esp. To nouns in -logy
Logical	of or according to logic
Logical	correctly reasoned.
Logical	defensible or explicable on the ground of consistency.
Logical	capable of correct reasoning.
Logical	Logically
-logist	Form forming nouns meaning ‘person skilled in -logy’
Logistics	organization of
Logistics	services and supplies.
Logistics	organization of any complex operation.
Logistics	Logistical
Logistics	Logistically
Log-jam	Deadlock.
Logo	emblem of an organization used in its display material etc.
-logy	Form forming nouns denoting:
-logy	a subject of study
-logy	speech or discourse or a characteristic of this
Loin	(in
Loin	) Side and back of the body between the ribs and the hip-bones.
Loin	joint of meat from this part of an animal.
Loincloth	Cloth worn round the hips, esp. As a sole garment.
Loiter	stand about idly; linger.
Loiter	go slowly with frequent stops.
Loll	stand, sit, or recline in a lazy attitude.
Loll	hang loosely.
Lollipop	Hard sweet on a stick.
Lollipop man	Warden using a circular sign on a pole to stop traffic for children to cross the road.
Lollop	flop about.
Lollop	move in ungainly bounds.
Lolly	Lollipop.
Lolly	money.
Londoner	Native or inhabitant of london.
London pride	Pink-flowered saxifrage.
Lone	solitary; without companions.
Lone	isolated.
Lone	unmarried, single
Lone hand	hand played or player playing against the rest at cards.
Lone hand	person or action without allies.
Lonely	without companions
Lonely	sad because of this.
Lonely	unfrequented, isolated, uninhabited.
Lonely hearts	pl. People seeking friendship or marriage through a newspaper column, club, etc.
Loner	Person or animal that prefers to be alone.
Lonesome	Esp. Us
Lonesome	lonely.
Lonesome	making one feel forlorn
Lone wolf	Loner.
Long1	measuring much from end to end in space or time.
Long1	in length or duration
Long1	a consisting of many items
Long1	seemingly more than the stated amount; tedious
Long1	of elongated shape.
Long1	lasting or reaching far back or forward in time
Long1	far-reaching; acting at a distance; involving a great interval or difference.
Long1	having the greater of the two recognized durations.
Long1	reflecting a low level of probability.
Long1	bought in large quantities in advance, with the expectation of a rise in price.
Long1	Well supplied with.
Long1	Long interval or period
Long1	by or for a long time
Long1	throughout a specified time
Long1	After an implied point of time
Long1	all that need be said.
Long1	the eventual outcome. Not by a long shot
Long1	by no means.
Long2	Have a strong wish or desire for.
Long.	Longitude.
Longboat	Sailing-ship's largest boat.
Longbow	Bow drawn by hand and shooting a long feathered arrow.
Long-distance	travelling or operating between distant places.
Long-distance	Between distant places
Long division	Division of numbers with details of the calculations written down.
Long-drawn	prolonged.
Longeron	Longitudinal member of a plane's fuselage.
Longevity	Formal long life.
Long face	Dismal expression.
Longhand	Ordinary handwriting.
Long haul	transport over a long distance.
Long haul	prolonged effort or task.
Longing	Intense desire.
Longing	Having or showing this.
Long in the tooth	Old.
Longitude	angular distance east or west from a standard meridian such as greenwich to the meridian of any place.
Longitude	angular distance of a celestial body, esp. Along the ecliptic.
Longitudinal	of or in length.
Longitudinal	running lengthwise.
Longitudinal	of longitude.
Long johns	Long underpants.
Long jump	Athletic contest of jumping as far as possible along the ground in one leap.
Long-life	Treated to prolong its period of usability.
Long-lived	Having a long life; durable.
Long-lost	That has been lost for a long time.
Long-playing	playing for about
Long-playing	0–30 minutes on each side.
Long-range	having a long range.
Long-range	relating to a period of time far into the future
Long-running	Continuing for a long time
Longshore	existing on or frequenting the shore.
Longshore	directed along the shore.
Longshoreman	Us docker.
Long shot	wild guess or venture.
Long shot	bet at long odds.
Long sight	Ability to see clearly only what is comparatively distant.
Long-sighted	having long sight.
Long-sighted	far-sighted.
Long-standing	That has long existed.
Long-suffering	Bearing provocation patiently.
Long-term	Of or for a long period of time
Long wave	Radio wave of frequency less than
Long wave	00 khz.
Long-winded	tediously lengthy.
Loo	Lavatory.
Loofah	Rough bath-sponge made from the dried pod of a type of gourd.
Look	Use one's sight; turn one's eyes in some direction.
Look	turn one's eyes on; examine
Look	a make a visual or mental search
Look	consider, examine
Look	search for, seek, be on the watch for.
Look	inquire
Look	have a specified appearance; seem
Look	a consider; be concerned about
Look	rely on
Look	investigate.
Look	Ascertain or observe by sight.
Look	face some direction.
Look	0 indicate
Look	By one's looks.
Look	take care; make sure.
Look	Aim
Look	act of looking; gaze, glance.
Look	(in sing. Or
Look	) Appearance of a face; expression.
Look	appearance of a thing
Look	style, fashion
Look	Calling attention, expressing a protest, etc.
Look	turn one's thoughts to
Look	Cease to progress
Look	. Look down on
Look	regard with contempt or superiority.
Look-alike	Person or thing closely resembling another.
Looker	person of a specified appearance
Looker	Attractive woman.
Looker-on	spectator.
Look-in	Chance of participation or success
Looking-glass	Mirror.
Lookout	watch or looking out
Lookout	a observation-post.
Lookout	person etc. Stationed to keep watch.
Lookout	prospect
Lookout	Person's own concern
Loom1	Apparatus for weaving.
Loom2	appear dimly, esp. As a vague and often threatening shape.
Loom2	be ominously close.
Loon	a kind of diving bird.
Loon	Crazy person
Loony	lunatic.
Loony	crazy.
Loony-bin	offens. Mental home or hospital.
Loop	a figure produced by a curve, or a doubled thread etc., that crosses itself.
Loop	thing, path, etc., forming this figure.
Loop	similarly shaped attachment used as a fastening.
Loop	ring etc. As a handle etc.
Loop	contraceptive coil.
Loop	railway or telegraph line that diverges from a main line and joins it again.
Loop	skating or aerobatic manoeuvre describing a loop.
Loop	complete circuit for an electric current.
Loop	endless band of tape or film allowing continuous repetition.
Loop	sequence of computer operations repeated until some condition is satisfied.
Loop	form or bend into a loop.
Loop	fasten with a loop or loops.
Loop	form a loop.
Loop	fly in a circle vertically.
Loophole	means of evading a rule etc. Without infringing it.
Loophole	narrow vertical slit in the wall of a fort etc.
Loopy	crazy, daft.
Loose	not tightly held, fixed, etc.
Loose	free from bonds or restraint.
Loose	not held together
Loose	not compact or dense
Loose	inexact
Loose	morally lax.
Loose	indiscreet.
Loose	tending to diarrhoea.
Loose	(in
Loose	) Loosely
Loose	free; untie or detach; release.
Loose	relax
Loose	discharge
Loose	escaped from captivity.
Loose	enjoying oneself freely.
Loose	Looseness
Loose	Loosish
Loose cover	Removable cover for an armchair etc.
Loose-leaf	With pages that can be removed and replaced.
Loosen	Make or become loose or looser.
Loosen	relax.
Loosen	limber up.
Loot	spoil, booty.
Loot	money.
Loot	rob or steal, esp. After rioting etc.
Loot	plunder.
Lop	cut or remove
Lop	from a whole, esp. Branches from a tree.
Lop	remove branches from
Lop	remove
Lop	as superfluous.
Lope	run with a long bounding stride.
Lope	Long bounding stride.
Lop-eared	Having drooping ears.
Lopsided	Unevenly balanced.
Loquacious	Talkative.
Loquat	small yellow egg-shaped fruit.
Loquat	tree bearing it.
Lord	master or ruler.
Lord	hist. Feudal superior, esp. Of a manor.
Lord	peer of the realm or person with the title lord.
Lord	god or christ.
Lord	ed as the designation of a marquis, earl, viscount, or baron, or
Lord	of the younger son of a duke or marquis.
Lord	Expressing surprise, dismay, etc.
Lord chamberlain	Official in charge of the royal household.
Lord chancellor	highest officer of the crown, presiding in the house of lords etc.
Lord chief justice	President of the queen's bench division.
Lord lieutenant	chief executive authority and head of magistrates in each county.
Lord lieutenant	hist. Viceroy of ireland.
Lordly	haughty, imperious.
Lordly	suitable for a lord.
Lord mayor	Title of the mayor in some large cities.
Lord privy seal	Senior cabinet minister without official duties.
Lords and ladies	Wild arum.
Lord's day	Sunday.
Lordship	title used in addressing or referring to a man with the rank of lord
Lordship	dominion, rule.
Lord's prayer	The our father.
Lords spiritual	pl. Bishops in the house of lords.
Lord's supper	Eucharist.
Lords temporal	pl. Members of the house of lords other than bishops.
Lore	Body of traditions and knowledge on a subject or held by a particular group
Lorgnette	Pair of eyeglasses or opera-glasses on a long handle.
Lorn	desolate, forlorn.
Lorry	large vehicle for transporting goods etc.
Lose	(-sing; past and
Lose	Lost)
Lose	be deprived of or cease to have, esp. By negligence.
Lose	be deprived of
Lose	by death.
Lose	become unable to find, follow, or understand
Lose	let or have pass from one's control or reach
Lose	be defeated in
Lose	get rid of
Lose	forfeit
Lose	spend
Lose	To no purpose.
Loser	person or thing that loses, esp.
Loser	contest
Loser	Person who regularly fails.
Loss	losing or being lost.
Loss	thing or amount lost.
Loss	detriment resulting from losing.
Loss-leader	Item sold at a loss to attract customers.
Lost cause	Hopeless undertaking.
Lot	(prec. By a or in
Lot	a large number or amount
Lot	Much
Lot	a each of a set of objects used to make a chance selection.
Lot	this method of deciding
Lot	share or responsibility resulting from it.
Lot	person's destiny, fortune, or condition.
Lot	plot; allotment of land
Lot	article or set of articles for sale at an auction etc.
Lot	group of associated persons or things.
Lot	whole lot
Lot	Very much
Lothario	libertine.
Lotion	Medicinal or cosmetic liquid preparation applied externally.
Lottery	means of raising money by selling numbered tickets and giving prizes to the holders of numbers drawn at random.
Lottery	thing whose success is governed by chance.
Lotto	Game of chance like bingo, but with numbers drawn by players instead of called.
Lotus	legendary plant inducing luxurious languor when eaten.
Lotus	a kind of water lily etc., esp. Used symbolically in hinduism and buddhism.
Lotus-eater	Person given to indolent enjoyment.
Lotus position	Cross-legged position of meditation with the feet resting on the thighs.
Loud	strongly audible, noisy.
Loud	Gaudy, obtrusive.
Loud	Loudly.
Loud	Loudly
Loud	Loudness
Loud hailer	Electronic device for amplifying the voice.
Loudspeaker	Apparatus that converts electrical signals into sound.
Lough	Ir. Lake, arm of the sea.
Lounge	recline comfortably; loll.
Lounge	stand or move about idly.
Lounge	place for lounging, esp.: a a sitting-room in a house.
Lounge	a public room
Lounge	a place in an airport etc. With seats for waiting passengers.
Lounge	spell of lounging.
Lounge bar	More comfortable bar in a pub etc.
Lounge suit	Man's suit for ordinary day
Lounge suit	wear.
Lour	frown; look sullen.
Lour	Look dark and threatening.
Louse	parasitic insect.
Louse	contemptible person.
Louse	delouse.
Louse	make a mess of.
Lousy	Very bad; disgusting; ill
Lousy	Well supplied, teeming.
Lousy	infested with lice.
Lousy	Lousiness
Lout	Rough-mannered person.
Louvre	each of a set of overlapping slats designed to admit air and some light and exclude rain.
Louvre	domed structure on a roof with side openings for ventilation etc.
Lovable	inspiring love or affection.
Lovage	Herb used for flavouring etc.
Lovat	Muted green.
Love	deep affection or fondness.
Love	sexual passion.
Love	sexual relations.
Love	a beloved one; sweetheart
Love	Form of address regardless of affection.
Love	Person of whom one is fond.
Love	affectionate greetings
Love	no score; nil.
Love	feel love or a deep fondness for.
Love	delight in; admire; greatly cherish.
Love	Like very much
Love	Be inclined, esp. As a habit; greatly enjoy
Love	have sexual intercourse
Love	pay amorous attention
Love	. Not for love or money
Love	Not in any circumstances.
Love affair	Romantic or sexual relationship between two people.
Love-bird	Parrot, esp. One seeming to show great affection for its mate.
Love bite	Bruise made by a partner's biting etc. During lovemaking.
Love-child	Child of unmarried parents.
Love-hate relationship	Intense relationship involving ambivalent emotions.
Love-in-a-mist	Blue-flowered cultivated plant.
Loveless	Unloving or unloved or both.
Love-lies-bleeding	Cultivated plant with drooping spikes of purple-red blooms.
Lovelorn	Pining from unrequited love.
Lovely	Pleasing, delightful.
Lovely	beautiful.
Lovely	Pretty woman.
Lovely	Delightfully
Lovemaking	sexual play, esp. Intercourse.
Lovemaking	courtship.
Love-nest	Secluded retreat for
Love-nest	lovers.
Lover	person in love with another.
Lover	person with whom another is having sexual relations.
Lover	(in
Lover	) Unmarried couple in love or having sexual relations.
Lover	person who likes or enjoys a specified thing
Love-seat	Small sofa in the shape of an s, with two seats facing in opposite directions.
Lovesick	Languishing with love.
Lovey-dovey	Fondly affectionate, sentimental.
Loving	Feeling or showing love; affectionate.
Loving	Affection; love.
Loving-cup	Two-handled drinking-cup.
Low1	not high or tall
Low1	a not elevated in position
Low1	near the horizon.
Low1	of or in humble rank or position
Low2	Sound made by cattle; moo.
Low2	Make this sound.
Low-born	Of humble birth.
Lowbrow	Not intellectual or cultured.
Lowbrow	Lowbrow person.
Low church	Section of the church of england attaching little importance to ritual, priestly authority, and the sacraments.
Low-class	Of low quality or social class.
Low comedy	Comedy bordering on farce.
Low countries	pl. The netherlands, belgium, and luxembourg.
Low-down	Mean, dishonourable.
Low-down	relevant information.
Lower1	less high in position or status.
Lower1	situated below another part
Lower1	a situated on less high land
Lower1	situated to the south
Lower1	Evolved to only a slight degree.
Lower1	In or to a lower position, status, etc.
Lower2	let or haul down.
Lower2	make or become lower.
Lower2	degrade.
Lower case	Small letters.
Lower class	Working class.
Lower house	Larger and usu. Elected body in a legislature, esp. The house of commons.
Lowest	least high in position or status.
Lowest common denominator	math. Lowest common multiple of the denominators of several fractions.
Lowest common denominator	the worst or most vulgar common feature of members of a group.
Lowest common multiple	Math. Least quantity that is a multiple of two or more given quantities.
Low frequency	Frequency, esp. In radio,
Low frequency	0 to
Low frequency	00 kilohertz.
Low gear	Gear such that the driven end of a transmission revolves slower than the driving end.
Low-grade	Of low quality.
Low-key	Lacking intensity, restrained.
Lowland	(usu. In
Lowland	) Low-lying country.
Lowland	Of or in lowland.
Low-level	close in form to machine code.
Lowly	humble; unpretentious.
Low-lying	Near to the ground or sea level.
Low-pitched	low.
Low-pitched	having only a slight slope.
Low pressure	low degree of activity or exertion.
Low pressure	atmospheric condition with the pressure below average.
Low-rise	having few storeys.
Low-rise	Such a building.
Low season	Period of fewest visitors at a resort etc.
Low sunday	Sunday after easter.
Low tide	time or level of the tide at its ebb.
Loyal	faithful.
Loyal	steadfast in allegiance etc.
Loyal	Loyalty
Loyalist	person who remains loyal to the legitimate sovereign etc.
Loyalist	supporter of union between great britain and northern ireland.
Loyal toast	Toast to the sovereign.
Lozenge	rhombus.
Lozenge	small sweet or medicinal tablet to be dissolved in the mouth.
Lozenge	lozenge-shaped object.
Lp	Long-playing
L-plate	Sign bearing the letter l, attached to a vehicle to show that it is being driven by a learner.
Lpo	London philharmonic orchestra.
Lsd	Lysergic acid diethylamide, a powerful hallucinogenic drug.
L.s.d.	hist. Pounds, shillings, and pence
L.s.d.	money, riches.
Lse	London school of economics.
Lso	London symphony orchestra.
Lt.	lieutenant.
Lt.	light.
Ltd.	Limited.
Lu	Lutetium.
Lubber	Clumsy fellow, lout.
Lubricant	Substance used to reduce friction.
Lubricate	apply oil or grease etc. To.
Lubricate	make slippery.
Lubricate	Lubricator
Lubricious	slippery, evasive.
Lubricious	lewd.
Lucid	expressing or expressed clearly.
Lucid	sane.
Lucid	Lucidly
Lucid	Lucidness
Lucifer	Satan.
Luck	good or bad fortune.
Luck	circumstances of life
Luck	brought by this.
Luck	good fortune; success due to chance
Luck	Unfortunately not.
Luckless	Unlucky; ending in failure.
Lucky	having or resulting from good luck.
Lucky	bringing good luck
Lucky dip	Tub containing articles varying in value and chosen at random.
Lucrative	Profitable.
Lucrative	Lucrativeness
Lucre	Derog. Financial gain.
Luddite	person opposed to industrial progress or new technology.
Luddite	hist. Member of a band of english artisans who destroyed machinery
Luddite	Of the luddites.
Ludicrous	Absurd, ridiculous, laughable.
Ludicrous	Ludicrousness
Ludo	Simple board-game played with dice and counters.
Luff	steer
Luff	nearer the wind.
Luff	raise or lower
Lug	drag or carry with effort.
Lug	pull hard.
Lug	hard or rough pull.
Lug	Ear.
Lug	projection on an object by which it may be carried, fixed in place, etc.
Luggage	Suitcases, bags, etc., for a traveller's belongings.
Lugger	Small ship with four-cornered sails.
Lughole	ear.
Lugsail	Four-cornered sail on a yard.
Lugubrious	Doleful.
Lugubrious	Lugubriousness
Lugworm	Large marine worm used as bait.
Lukewarm	moderately warm; tepid.
Lukewarm	unenthusiastic, indifferent.
Lull	soothe or send to sleep.
Lull	deceive
Lull	into undue confidence
Lull	allay
Lull	, usu. By deception.
Lull	Abate or fall quiet.
Lull	Temporary quiet period.
Lullaby	soothing song to send a child to sleep.
Lumbago	Rheumatic pain in the muscles of the lower back.
Lumbar	Of the lower back area.
Lumbar puncture	Withdrawal of spinal fluid from the lower back for diagnosis.
Lumber	disused and cumbersome articles.
Lumber	partly prepared timber.
Lumber	leave
Lumber	With something unwanted or unpleasant.
Lumber	obstruct, fill inconveniently.
Lumber	cut and prepare forest timber.
Lumber	move in a slow clumsy way.
Lumberjack	Person who fells and transports lumber.
Lumber-jacket	Jacket of the kind worn by lumberjacks.
Lumber-room	Room where disused things are kept.
Luminary	literary natural light-giving body.
Luminary	wise or inspiring person.
Luminary	celebrated member of a group
Luminescence	Emission of light without heat.
Luminous	shedding light.
Luminous	phosphorescent, visible in darkness
Lump1	compact shapeless mass.
Lump1	tumour; swelling, bruise.
Lump1	heavy, dull, or ungainly person.
Lump1	casual workers in the building trade.
Lump1	Treat as all alike; put together in a lump.
Lump1	Become lumpy.
Lump2	Put up with ungraciously
Lumpectomy	surgical removal of a lump from the breast.
Lumpish	heavy and clumsy.
Lumpish	stupid, lethargic.
Lump sugar	Sugar in cubes.
Lump sum	sum covering a number of items.
Lump sum	money paid down at once.
Lumpy	full of or covered with lumps.
Lumpy	Lumpiness
Lunacy	insanity.
Lunacy	mental unsoundness.
Lunacy	great folly.
Lunar	Of, like, concerned with, or determined by the moon.
Lunar module	Small craft for travelling between the moon and a spacecraft in orbit around it.
Lunar month	period of the moon's revolution, esp. The interval between new moons (about
Lunar month	91/2 days).
Lunar month	four weeks.
Lunate	Crescent-shaped.
Lunatic	insane person.
Lunatic	wildly foolish person.
Lunatic	Insane; extremely reckless or foolish.
Lunatic asylum	Hist. Mental home or hospital.
Lunatic fringe	Extreme or eccentric minority group.
Lunation	Interval between new moons, about
Lunation	91/2 days.
Lunch	Midday meal.
Lunch	take lunch.
Lunch	entertain to lunch.
Luncheon	Formal lunch.
Luncheon meat	Tinned meat loaf of pork etc.
Luncheon voucher	Voucher issued to employees and exchangeable for food at many restaurants and shops.
Lung	Either of the pair of respiratory organs in humans and many other vertebrates.
Lunge	sudden movement forward.
Lunge	the basic attacking move in fencing.
Lunge	long rope on which a horse is held and made to circle round its trainer.
Lunge	deliver or make a lunge.
Lupin	Cultivated plant with long tapering spikes of flowers.
Lupine	Of or like wolves.
Lupus	Autoimmune inflammatory skin disease.
Lurch1	Stagger; sudden unsteady movement or leaning.
Lurch1	Stagger; move or progress unsteadily.
Lurcher	Crossbred dog, usu.
Lurcher	working dog crossed with a greyhound.
Lure	entice.
Lure	recall with a lure.
Lure	thing used to entice.
Lure	enticing quality
Lure	falconer's apparatus for recalling a hawk.
Lurex	Propr.
Lurex	type of yarn incorporating a glittering metallic thread.
Lurex	fabric made from this.
Lurid	bright and glaring in colour.
Lurid	sensational, shocking
Lurid	ghastly, wan
Lurk	linger furtively.
Lurk	a lie in ambush.
Lurk	Hide, esp. For sinister purposes.
Lurk	(as lurking
Lurk	) Dormant
Luscious	richly sweet in taste or smell.
Luscious	over-rich.
Luscious	voluptuously attractive.
Lush1	luxuriant and succulent.
Lush1	luxurious.
Lush1	excellent.
Lush2	alcoholic, drunkard.
Lust	strong sexual desire.
Lust	passionate desire for or enjoyment of
Lust	sensuous appetite regarded as sinful
Lust	have a strong or excessive
Lust	desire.
Lust	Lustfully
Luster	gloss, shining surface.
Luster	brilliance, splendour.
Luster	iridescent glaze on pottery and porcelain.
Lustre	gloss, shining surface.
Lustre	brilliance, splendour.
Lustre	iridescent glaze on pottery and porcelain.
Lusty	healthy and strong.
Lusty	vigorous, lively.
Lusty	Lustiness
Lute1	Guitar-like instrument with a long neck and a pear-shaped body.
Lute2	Clay or cement for making joints airtight etc.
Lute2	apply lute to.
Lutenist	lute-player.
Lutetium	Silvery metallic element, the heaviest of the lanthanide series.
Lutheran	follower of luther.
Lutheran	member of the lutheran church.
Lutheran	Of luther, or the protestant reformation and the doctrines associated with him.
Lux	the si unit of illumination.
Luxuriant	growing profusely.
Luxuriant	exuberant.
Luxuriant	florid.
Luxuriant	Luxuriantly
Luxuriate	take self-indulgent delight in, enjoy as a luxury.
Luxuriate	relax in comfort.
Luxurious	supplied with luxuries.
Luxurious	extremely comfortable.
Luxurious	fond of luxury.
Luxury	choice or costly surroundings, possessions, etc.
Luxury	thing giving comfort or enjoyment but not essential.
Luxury	Comfortable and expensive
Lv	Luncheon voucher.
Lw	Lawrencium.
-ly1	forming adjectives, esp. From nouns, meaning:
-ly1	having the qualities of
-ly1	recurring at intervals of
-ly2	forming adverbs from adjectives
Lychee	sweet white juicy fruit in a brown skin.
Lychee	tree, orig. From china, bearing this.
Lycra	Propr. Elastic polyurethane fabric used esp. For sportswear.
Lye	water made alkaline with wood ashes.
Lye	any alkaline solution for washing.
Lymph	colourless fluid from the tissues of the body, containing white blood cells.
Lymph	this fluid used as a vaccine.
Lymphatic	of, secreting, or conveying lymph.
Lymphatic	pale, flabby, or sluggish.
Lymphatic system	Network of vessels conveying lymph.
Lymph gland	small mass of tissue in the lymphatic system.
Lymphoma	tumour of the lymph nodes.
Lynch	put
Lynch	to death without a legal trial.
Lynch law	Procedure followed when a person is lynched.
Lynx	wild cat with a short tail and spotted fur.
Lynx-eyed	Keen-sighted.
Lyre	Ancient u-shaped stringed instrument.
Lyre-bird	Australian bird, the male of which has a lyre-shaped tail display.
Lyric	expressing the writer's emotions, usu. Briefly and in stanzas.
Lyric	writing in this manner.
Lyric	meant or fit to be sung, songlike.
Lyric	lyric poem.
Lyric	(in
Lyric	) Words of a song.
Lyrical	resembling, or using language appropriate to, lyric poetry.
Lyrical	Highly enthusiastic
Lyricism	Quality of being lyric.
Lyricist	Writer of
Lyricist	lyrics.
-lysis	Form forming nouns denoting disintegration or decomposition
-lyte	forming nouns denoting substances that can be decomposed
M1	thirteenth letter of the alphabet.
M1	,000.
M2	master.
M2	monsieur.
M2	motorway.
M2	mega-.
M	male.
M	masculine.
M	married.
M	mile
M	metre
M	million
M	minute
M	milli-.
Ma	Master of arts.
Ma	Mother.
Ma'am	Madam
Ma'am	.
Mac	Mackintosh.
Macabre	Grim, gruesome.
Macadam	broken stone as material for road-making.
Macadamia	Edible seed of an australian tree.
Macaque	kind of monkey, e.g. The rhesus monkey and barbary ape, with prominent cheek-pouches.
Macaroni	Small pasta tubes.
Macaroon	Small almond cake or biscuit.
Macaw	Long-tailed brightly coloured american parrot.
Mccarthyism	Hist. Hunting out and sacking of communists in the us.
Mccoy	The real thing; the genuine article.
Mace1	staff of office, esp. Symbol of the speaker's authority in the house of commons.
Mace1	person bearing this.
Mace2	Dried outer covering of the nutmeg as a spice.
Macédoine	Mixed vegetables or fruit, esp. Diced or jellied.
Macerate	soften by soaking.
Macerate	waste away by fasting.
Mach	ratio of the speed of a body to the speed of sound in the surrounding medium.
Machete	Broad heavy knife, esp. Of central america.
Machiavellian	Elaborately cunning; scheming, unscrupulous.
Machination	(usu. In
Machination	) Plot, intrigue.
Machine	apparatus for applying mechanical power, having several interrelated parts.
Machine	particular machine, esp.
Machine	vehicle or an electrical or electronic apparatus.
Machine	controlling system of an organization etc.
Machine	person who acts mechanically.
Machine	(esp. In
Machine	) Mechanical dispenser with slots for coins
Machine	make or operate on with a machine.
Machine code	computer language for a particular computer.
Machine-gun	Automatic gun giving continuous fire.
Machine-gun	shoot at with a machine-gun.
Machine-readable	In a form that a computer can process.
Machinery	machines.
Machinery	mechanism.
Machinery	organized system.
Machinery	means devised.
Machine tool	Mechanically operated tool.
Machinist	person who operates a machine, esp.
Machinist	sewing-machine or a machine tool.
Machinist	person who makes machinery.
Machismo	Being macho; masculine pride.
Macho	Aggressively masculine.
Mach one	The speed
Mach one	of sound.
Mackerel	marine fish used as food.
Mackerel sky	Sky dappled with rows of small white fleecy clouds.
Mackintosh	waterproof coat or cloak.
Mackintosh	cloth waterproofed with rubber.
Macramé	art of knotting cord or string in patterns to make decorative articles.
Macramé	work so made.
Macro-	Form
Macro-	long.
Macro-	large, large-scale.
Macrobiotic	Of a diet intended to prolong life, esp. Consisting of wholefoods.
Macrobiotic	(in
Macrobiotic	; treated as sing.) Theory of such a diet.
Macrocarpa	Evergreen tree, often cultivated for hedges or wind-breaks.
Macrocosm	universe.
Macrocosm	the whole of a complex structure.
Macroeconomics	The study of the economy as a whole.
Macron	Mark
Macron	over a long or stressed vowel.
Macroscopic	visible to the naked eye.
Macroscopic	regarded in terms of large units.
Macula	dark, esp. Permanent, spot in the skin.
Mad	insane; frenzied.
Mad	wildly foolish.
Mad	Wildly excited or infatuated.
Mad	Angry.
Mad	rabid.
Mad	wildly light-hearted.
Mad	With great energy or enthusiasm.
Madam	polite or respectful form of address or mode of reference to a woman.
Madam	Conceited or precocious girl or young woman.
Madam	woman brothel-keeper.
Madame	mrs or madam
Madcap	Wildly impulsive.
Madcap	Wildly impulsive person.
Madden	make or become mad.
Madden	irritate.
Madden	Maddeningly
Madder	herbaceous plant with yellowish flowers.
Madder	a red dye from its root.
Madder	its synthetic substitute.
Madeira	fortified white wine from madeira.
Madeira	a kind of sponge cake.
Mademoiselle	miss or madam
Mademoiselle	a young frenchwoman.
Mademoiselle	french governess.
Made to measure	Tailor-made.
Madhouse	Scene of confused uproar.
Madhouse	mental home or hospital.
Madly	in a mad manner.
Madly	passionately.
Madly	extremely.
Madman	Man who is mad.
Madonna	the virgin mary.
Madonna	picture or statue of her.
Madrigal	Part-song, usu. Unaccompanied, for several voices.
Madwoman	Woman who is mad.
Maelstrom	great whirlpool.
Maelstrom	state of confusion.
Maenad	bacchante.
Maenad	frenzied woman.
Maestro	distinguished musician, esp.
Maestro	conductor, composer, or teacher.
Maestro	great performer in any sphere.
Mae west	inflatable life-jacket.
Mafia	organized body of criminals, orig. In sicily, now also in italy and the us.
Mafia	group regarded as exerting an intimidating and corrupt power.
Mafioso	member of the mafia.
Magazine	illustrated periodical publication containing articles, stories, etc.
Magazine	chamber holding cartridges to be fed automatically to the breech of a gun.
Magazine	similar device in a slide projector etc.
Magazine	military store for arms etc.
Magazine	store for explosives.
Magenta	shade of crimson.
Magenta	aniline crimson dye.
Magenta	Of or coloured with magenta.
Maggot	Larva, esp. Of the housefly or bluebottle.
Magi	Of *magus.
Magic	a supposed art of influencing or controlling events supernaturally.
Magic	witchcraft.
Magic	conjuring tricks.
Magic	inexplicable influence.
Magic	enchanting quality or phenomenon.
Magic	of magic.
Magic	producing surprising results.
Magic	Wonderful, exciting.
Magic	change or create by or as if by magic.
Magical	of magic.
Magical	resembling, or produced as if by, magic.
Magical	wonderful, enchanting.
Magic eye	Photoelectric device used for detection, automatic control, etc.
Magician	person skilled in magic.
Magician	conjuror.
Magic lantern	Primitive form of slide projector.
Magisterial	imperious.
Magisterial	authoritative.
Magisterial	of a magistrate.
Magistracy	magisterial office.
Magistracy	magistrates collectively.
Magistrate	civil officer administering the law.
Magistrate	official conducting a court for minor cases and preliminary hearings.
Magma	molten rock under the earth's crust, from which igneous rock is formed by cooling.
Magna carta	charter of liberty obtained from king john in
Magna carta	215.
Magnanimous	Nobly generous; not petty in feelings or conduct.
Magnanimous	Magnanimously
Magnate	Wealthy and influential person, usu. In business.
Magnesia	magnesium oxide.
Magnesia	hydrated magnesium carbonate, used as an antacid and laxative.
Magnesium	Silvery metallic element.
Magnet	piece of iron, steel, alloy, ore, etc., having the properties of attracting iron and of pointing approximately north and south when suspended.
Magnet	lodestone.
Magnet	person or thing that attracts.
Magnetic	a having the properties of a magnet.
Magnetic	produced or acting by magnetism.
Magnetic	capable of being attracted by or acquiring the properties of a magnet.
Magnetic	strongly attractive
Magnetic field	Area of force around a magnet.
Magnetic mine	Underwater mine detonated by the approach of a large mass of metal, e.g.
Magnetic mine	ship.
Magnetic needle	Piece of magnetized steel used as an indicator on the dial of a compass etc.
Magnetic north	Point indicated by the north end of a magnetic needle.
Magnetic pole	Point near the north or south pole where a magnetic needle dips vertically.
Magnetic storm	Disturbance of the earth's magnetic field by charged particles from the sun etc.
Magnetic tape	Plastic strip coated with magnetic material for recording sound or pictures.
Magnetism	a magnetic phenomena and their science.
Magnetism	property of producing these.
Magnetism	attraction; personal charm.
Magnetize	give magnetic properties to.
Magnetize	make into a magnet.
Magnetize	attract as a magnet does.
Magnetize	Magnetization
Magneto	electric generator using permanent magnets
Magnificat	Hymn of the virgin mary used as a canticle.
Magnification	magnifying or being magnified.
Magnification	degree of this.
Magnificent	splendid, stately.
Magnificent	Fine, excellent.
Magnificent	Magnificently
Magnify	make
Magnify	appear larger than it is, as with a lens.
Magnify	exaggerate.
Magnify	intensify.
Magnify	extol.
Magnify	Magnifier
Magnifying glass	Lens used to magnify.
Magnitude	largeness.
Magnitude	size.
Magnitude	importance.
Magnitude	a degree of brightness of a star.
Magnitude	class of stars arranged according to this
Magnolia	tree with dark-green foliage and waxy flowers.
Magnolia	creamy-pink colour.
Magnox	Magnesium-based alloy used to enclose uranium fuel elements in some nuclear reactors.
Magnum	wine bottle twice the normal size.
Magnum opus	Great work of art, literature, etc., esp. An artist's most important work.
Magpie	a kind of crow with a long tail and black and white plumage.
Magpie	chatterer.
Magpie	indiscriminate collector.
Magus	priest of ancient persia.
Magus	sorcerer.
Magus	the ‘wise men’ from the east (matt.
Magus	:1–12).
Magyar	member of the chief ethnic group in hungary.
Magyar	their language.
Magyar	Of this people.
Maharaja	hist. Title of some indian princes.
Maharanee	hist. Maharaja's wife or widow.
Maharishi	great hindu sage.
Mahatma	Revered person.
Mahatma	one of a class of persons supposed by some buddhists to have preternatural powers.
Mah-jong	game played with
Mah-jong	36 or
Mah-jong	44 pieces called tiles.
Mahogany	reddish-brown tropical wood used for furniture.
Mahogany	its colour.
Mahonia	Evergreen shrub with yellow bell-shaped flowers.
Mahout	Elephant-driver.
Maid	female servant.
Maid	or poet. Girl, young woman.
Maiden	or poet. Girl; young unmarried woman.
Maiden	Unmarried
Maiden	unmated.
Maiden	(often
Maiden	horse that has never won a race.
Maiden	race open only to such horses.
Maiden	First
Maiden	Maidenly
Maidenhair	Fern with hairlike stalks and delicate fronds.
Maidenhead	virginity.
Maidenhead	hymen.
Maiden name	Woman's surname before marriage.
Maiden over	Over in cricket in which no runs are scored.
Maid of honour	unmarried lady attending a queen or princess.
Maid of honour	esp. Us principal bridesmaid.
Maidservant	Female servant.
Mail1	a letters and parcels etc. Carried by post.
Mail1	postal system.
Mail1	one complete delivery or collection of mail.
Mail1	email.
Mail1	vehicle carrying mail.
Mail1	Send by post or email.
Mail2	Armour of metal rings or plates.
Mailbag	Large sack for carrying mail.
Mailbox	Us letter-box.
Mailing list	List of people to whom advertising matter etc. Is posted.
Mail order	Purchase of goods by post.
Mailshot	Advertising material sent to potential customers.
Maim	Cripple, disable, mutilate.
Main	chief, principal.
Main	exerted to the full
Main	principal duct etc. For water, sewage, etc.
Main	(usu. In
Main	; prec. By the) a central distribution network for electricity, gas, water, etc.
Main	domestic electricity supply as distinct from batteries.
Main	poet. High seas
Main brace	Brace attached to the main yard.
Main chance	one's own interests.
Mainframe	central processing unit of a large computer.
Mainframe	(often
Mainframe	) Large computer system.
Mainland	Large continuous extent of land, excluding neighbouring islands.
Mainline	take drugs intravenously.
Mainline	inject
Mainline	intravenously.
Main line	Railway line linking large cities.
Mainly	Mostly; chiefly.
Mainmast	Principal mast of a ship.
Mainsail	lowest sail on the mainmast.
Mainsail	sail set on the after part of the mainmast.
Mainspring	principal spring of a watch, clock, etc.
Mainspring	chief motivating force; incentive.
Mainstay	chief support.
Mainstay	stay from the maintop to the foot of the foremast.
Mainstream	(often
Mainstream	) Ultimately prevailing trend in opinion, fashion, etc.
Mainstream	type of swing jazz, esp. With solo improvisation.
Mainstream	principal current of a river etc.
Maintain	cause to continue; keep up
Maintain	support by work, expenditure, etc.
Maintain	assert as true.
Maintain	preserve
Maintain	In good repair.
Maintain	provide means for.
Maintained school	School supported from public funds, state school.
Maintenance	maintaining or being maintained.
Maintenance	a provision of the means to support life.
Maintenance	alimony.
Maintop	Platform above the head of the lower mainmast.
Maintopmast	Mast above the head of the lower mainmast.
Main yard	Yard on which the mainsail is extended.
Maiolica	white tin-glazed earthenware decorated with metallic colours or enamelled.
Maisonette	flat on more than one floor.
Maisonette	small house.
Maize	cereal plant of
Maize	America.
Maize	cobs or grain of this.
Maj.	Major.
Majestic	Stately and dignified; imposing.
Majesty	stateliness, dignity, or authority, esp. Of bearing, language, etc.
Majesty	a royal power.
Majesty	forms of description or address for a sovereign or a sovereign's wife or widow
Major	relatively great in size, intensity, scope, or importance.
Major	serious.
Major	having intervals of a semitone above its third and seventh notes.
Major	greater by a semitone than a minor interval
Major	based on a major scale.
Major	of full legal age.
Major	a army officer next below lieutenant-colonel.
Major	officer in charge of a band section
Major	person of full legal age.
Major	us a student's main subject or course.
Major	student of this.
Major	us study or qualify in
Major	as one's main subject.
Major-domo	chief steward of a great household.
Major-general	Officer next below a lieutenant-general.
Majority	greater number or part.
Majority	a number of votes by which a candidate wins.
Majority	party etc. Receiving the greater number of votes.
Majority	full legal age.
Majority	rank of major.
Majority rule	Principle that the greater number should exercise the greater power.
Make	(-king; past and
Make	Made)
Make	construct; create; form from parts or other substances.
Make	cause or compel
Make	a cause to exist; bring about
Make	cause to become or seem
Make	compose; prepare; write
Make	constitute; amount to; be reckoned as (2 and
Make	make
Make	a undertake
Make	perform
Make	gain, acquire, procure
Make	prepare
Make	a arrange
Make	for use.
Make	arrange and light materials for
Make	0 a proceed
Make	Act as if with the intention to
Make	arrive at
Make	or in time for
Make	manage to attend; manage to attend on
Make	or at
Make	achieve a place in
Make	2 establish or enact
Make	3 consider to be; estimate as
Make	4 secure the success or advancement of
Make-believe	Pretence.
Make-believe	Pretended.
Maker	person who makes.
Maker	god.
Makeshift	Temporary.
Makeshift	Temporary substitute or device.
Make-up	cosmetics, as used generally or by actors.
Make-up	character, temperament, etc.
Make-up	composition
Makeweight	small quantity added to make up the weight.
Makeweight	person or thing supplying a deficiency.
Making	(in
Making	earnings; profit.
Making	essential qualities or ingredients
Mal-	Form
Mal-	a bad, badly
Mal-	faulty
Mal-	not
Malachite	Green mineral used for ornament.
Maladjusted	unable to adapt to or cope with the demands of a social environment.
Maladminister	Manage badly or improperly.
Maladroit	Clumsy; bungling.
Malady	ailment, disease.
Malaise	general bodily discomfort or lassitude.
Malaise	feeling of unease or demoralization.
Malapropism	Comical misuse of a word in mistake for one sounding similar, e.g. Alligator for allegory.
Malaria	Recurrent fever caused by a parasite transmitted by a mosquito bite.
Malarkey	Humbug; nonsense.
Malay	member of a people predominating in malaysia and indonesia.
Malay	their language.
Malay	Of this people or language.
Malcontent	Discontented person.
Malcontent	Discontented.
Male	of the sex that can beget offspring by fertilization.
Male	of men or male animals, plants, etc.; masculine.
Male	containing stamens but no pistil.
Male	Designed to enter or fill the corresponding hollow part
Male	Male person or animal.
Malediction	curse.
Malediction	utterance of a curse.
Malefactor	Criminal; evil-doer.
Male menopause	Crisis of potency, confidence, etc., supposed to afflict some men in middle life.
Malevolent	Wishing evil to others.
Malevolent	Malevolently
Malfeasance	Formal misconduct, esp. In an official capacity.
Malformation	Faulty formation.
Malfunction	Failure to function normally.
Malfunction	Fail to function normally.
Malice	desire to harm or cause difficulty to others; ill-will.
Malice	law harmful intent.
Malice aforethought	Law intention to commit a crime, esp. Murder.
Malicious	Given to or arising from malice.
Malign	injurious.
Malign	malignant.
Malign	malevolent.
Malign	Speak ill of; slander.
Malignant	a
Malignant	very virulent or infectious.
Malignant	spreading or recurring; cancerous.
Malignant	harmful; feeling or showing intense ill-will.
Malignant	Malignantly
Malinger	Pretend to be ill, esp. To escape work.
Mall	sheltered walk or promenade.
Mall	shopping precinct.
Mallard	a kind of wild duck.
Malleable	That can be shaped by hammering.
Malleable	easily influenced; pliable.
Malleable	Malleably
Mallet	hammer, usu. Of wood.
Mallet	implement for striking a croquet or polo ball.
Mallow	Plant with hairy stems and leaves and pink or purple flowers.
Malmsey	strong sweet wine.
Malnourished	Suffering from malnutrition.
Malnutrition	Condition resulting from the lack of foods necessary for health.
Malodorous	Evil-smelling.
Malpractice	Improper, negligent, or criminal professional conduct.
Malt	barley, or other grain, steeped, germinated, and dried, for brewing etc.
Malt	Malt whisky; malt liquor.
Malt	Convert
Malt	into malt.
Malted milk	Drink made from dried milk and extract of malt.
Maltese	native or language of malta.
Maltese	Of malta.
Maltese cross	Cross with the arms broadening outwards, often indented at the ends.
Malthusian	Of malthus's doctrine that the population should be restricted so as to prevent an increase beyond its means of subsistence.
Maltose	Sugar made from starch by enzymes in malt, saliva, etc.
Maltreat	Ill-treat.
Malt whisky	Whisky made solely from malted barley.
Mama	mother.
Mamba	Venomous african snake.
Mambo	latin american dance like the rumba.
Mammal	Warm-blooded vertebrate of the class secreting milk to feed its young.
Mammary	Of the breasts.
Mammogram	Image obtained by mammography.
Mammography	X-ray technique for screening the breasts for tumours etc.
Mammon	Wealth regarded as a god or evil influence.
Mammoth	Large extinct elephant with a hairy coat and curved tusks.
Mammoth	Huge.
Man	adult human male.
Man	a human being; person.
Man	the human race.
Man	a workman
Man	manservant, valet.
Man	(usu. In
Man	) Soldiers, sailors, etc., esp. Non-officers.
Man	suitable or appropriate person; expert
Man	a husband
Man	Boyfriend, lover.
Man	human being of a specified type or historical period
Man	piece in chess, draughts, etc.
Man	As a form of address.
Man	0 person pursued; opponent
Man	supply with a person or people for work or defence.
Man	work, service, or defend
Man	fill
Man about town	Fashionable socializer.
Manacle	(usu. In
Manacle	fetter for the hand; handcuff.
Manacle	restraint.
Manacle	fetter with manacles.
Manage	organize; regulate; be in charge of.
Manage	succeed in achieving; contrive
Manage	succeed with limited resources etc.; be able to cope.
Manage	succeed in controlling.
Manage	cope with
Manage	be free to attend on or at
Manage	use or wield
Management	managing or being managed.
Management	a administration of business or public undertakings.
Management	people engaged in this, esp. Those controlling a workforce.
Manager	person controlling or administering a business or part of a business.
Manager	person controlling the affairs, training, etc. Of a person or team in sports, entertainment, etc.
Manager	person of a specified level of skill in household or financial affairs etc.
Manageress	Woman manager, esp. Of a shop, hotel, etc.
Managing director	Director with executive control or authority.
Mañana	Tomorrow
Mañana	Indefinite future.
Man-at-arms	soldier.
Manatee	Large aquatic plant-eating mammal.
Mancunian	Native of manchester.
Mancunian	Of manchester.
Mandala	Circular figure as a religious symbol of the universe.
Mandamus	Judicial writ issued as a command to an inferior court, or ordering a person to perform a public or statutory duty.
Mandarin	official language of china.
Mandarin	hist. Chinese official.
Mandarin	powerful person, esp.
Mandarin	top civil servant.
Mandate	official command or instruction.
Mandate	authority given by electors to a government, trade union, etc.
Mandate	authority to act for another.
Mandate	instruct
Mandate	how to act or vote.
Mandatory	compulsory.
Mandatory	of or conveying a command.
Mandible	jaw, esp. The lower jaw in mammals and fishes.
Mandible	upper or lower part of a bird's beak.
Mandible	either half of the crushing organ in the mouth-parts of an insect etc.
Mandolin	kind of lute with paired metal strings plucked with a plectrum.
Mandrake	Poisonous narcotic plant with large yellow fruit.
Mandrel	lathe-shaft to which work is fixed while being turned.
Mandrel	cylindrical rod round which metal or other material is forged or shaped.
Mandrill	Large w. African baboon.
Mane	long hair on the neck of a horse, lion, etc.
Mane	Person's long hair.
Manège	riding-school.
Manège	movements of a trained horse.
Manège	horsemanship.
Maneuver	planned and controlled movement of a vehicle or body of troops etc.
Maneuver	(in
Maneuver	) Large-scale exercise of troops, ships, etc.
Maneuver	agile or skilful movement.
Maneuver	artful plan.
Maneuver	move (a thing, esp.
Maneuver	vehicle) carefully.
Maneuver	perform or cause
Maneuver	To perform manoeuvres.
Maneuver	Manipulate
Maneuver	By scheming or adroitness.
Maneuver	use artifice.
Maneuver	Manoeuvrability
Man friday	Male helper or follower.
Manful	Brave; resolute.
Manganese	grey brittle metallic element.
Manganese	black mineral oxide of this used in glass-making etc.
Mange	Skin disease in hairy and woolly animals.
Mangel-wurzel	large beet used as cattle food.
Manger	Box or trough for horses or cattle to feed from.
Mange-tout	kind of pea eaten in the pod.
Mangle1	Machine of two or more cylinders for squeezing water from and pressing wet clothes.
Mangle1	press
Mangle1	In a mangle.
Mangle2	hack or mutilate by blows.
Mangle2	spoil
Mangle2	By gross blunders.
Mangle2	cut roughly so as to disfigure.
Mango	tropical fruit with yellowish flesh.
Mango	tree bearing this.
Mangrove	Tropical tree or shrub growing in shore-mud with many tangled roots above ground.
Mangy	having mange.
Mangy	squalid; shabby.
Manhandle	Handle
Manhandle	roughly.
Manhandle	move by human effort.
Manhole	Covered opening in a pavement, sewer, etc. For workmen to gain access.
Manhood	state of being a man.
Manhood	a manliness; courage.
Manhood	a man's sexual potency.
Manhood	men of a country etc.
Man-hour	Work done by one person in one hour.
Manhunt	Organized search for a person, esp.
Manhunt	criminal.
Mania	mental illness marked by excitement and violence.
Mania	excessive enthusiasm; obsession.
-mania	Form
-mania	denoting a special type of mental disorder
-mania	denoting enthusiasm or admiration
Maniac	Person behaving wildly
Maniac	Obsessive enthusiast.
Maniac	person suffering from mania.
Maniac	Of or behaving like a maniac.
Maniac	Maniacally
-maniac	Form forming adjectives and nouns meaning ‘affected with -mania’ or ‘a person affected with -mania’
Manic	of or affected by mania.
Manic	Wildly excited; frenzied; excitable.
Manic-depressive	Relating to a mental disorder with alternating periods of elation and depression.
Manic-depressive	Person with such a disorder.
Manicure	Cosmetic treatment of the hands and fingernails.
Manicure	give a manicure to
Manifest	Clear or obvious to the eye or mind.
Manifest	show
Manifest	by one's acts etc.
Manifest	show plainly to the eye or mind.
Manifest	be evidence of; prove.
Manifest	refl.
Manifest	reveal itself.
Manifest	appear.
Manifest	Cargo or passenger list.
Manifest	Manifestly
Manifesto	declaration of policies, esp. By a political party.
Manifold	many and various.
Manifold	having various forms, parts, applications, etc.
Manifold	manifold thing.
Manifold	pipe or chamber branching into several openings.
Manikin	Little man; dwarf.
Manila	strong fibre of a kind of tree native to the philippines.
Manila	strong brown paper made from this.
Man in the street	Ordinary person.
Manipulate	handle, esp. With skill.
Manipulate	manage
Manipulate	To one's own advantage, esp. Unfairly.
Manipulate	move
Manipulate	by hand in order to increase flexion etc.
Manipulate	computing edit or move
Manipulate	Manipulation
Manipulate	Manipulator
Manipulative	Tending to exploit a situation, person, etc., for one's own ends.
Mankind	human species.
Mankind	male people.
Manky	bad, inferior, defective.
Manky	dirty.
Manly	having qualities associated with a man
Manly	befitting a man.
Man-made	artificial, synthetic.
Manna	substance miraculously supplied as food to the israelites in the wilderness (exod.
Manna	unexpected benefit
Manned	Having a human crew.
Mannequin	fashion model.
Mannequin	window dummy.
Manner	way a thing is done or happens.
Manner	(in
Manner	social behaviour
Manner	polite behaviour
Manner	modes of life; social conditions.
Manner	outward bearing, way of speaking, etc.
Manner	style
Manner	kind, sort
Manner	Naturally at ease in a particular situation etc.
Mannered	(in
Mannered	) Having specified manners
Mannered	esp. Art full of mannerisms.
Mannerism	habitual gesture or way of speaking etc.
Mannerism	a stylistic trick in art etc.
Mannerism	excessive use of these.
Mannerly	Well-mannered, polite.
Mannish	masculine in appearance or manner.
Mannish	characteristic of a man.
Manoeuvre	planned and controlled movement of a vehicle or body of troops etc.
Manoeuvre	(in
Manoeuvre	) Large-scale exercise of troops, ships, etc.
Manoeuvre	agile or skilful movement.
Manoeuvre	artful plan.
Manoeuvre	move (a thing, esp.
Manoeuvre	vehicle) carefully.
Manoeuvre	perform or cause
Manoeuvre	To perform manoeuvres.
Manoeuvre	Manipulate
Manoeuvre	By scheming or adroitness.
Manoeuvre	use artifice.
Manoeuvre	Manoeuvrability
Man of letters	Scholar or author.
Man-of-war	warship.
Manor	large country house with lands.
Manor	hist. Feudal lordship over lands.
Manor	district covered by a police station.
Manpower	Number of people available for work, service, etc.
Manqué	that might have been but is not
Mansard	Roof with four sloping sides, each of which becomes steeper halfway down.
Manse	Ecclesiastical residence, esp.
Manse	scottish presbyterian minister's house.
Manservant	male servant.
Mansion	large grand house.
Mansion	(in
Mansion	) Large building divided into flats.
Manslaughter	Unintentional but not accidental unlawful killing of a human being.
Mantel	Mantelpiece or mantelshelf.
Mantelpiece	structure of wood, marble, etc. Above and around a fireplace.
Mantelshelf	Shelf above a fireplace.
Mantilla	Lace scarf worn by spanish women over the hair and shoulders.
Mantis	predatory insect that holds its forelegs like hands folded in prayer.
Mantissa	Part of a logarithm after the decimal point.
Mantle	loose sleeveless cloak.
Mantle	covering
Mantle	fragile lacelike tube fixed round a gas-jet to give an incandescent light.
Mantle	region between the crust and the core of the earth.
Mantle	clothe; conceal, envelop.
Man to man	Candidly.
Mantra	hindu or buddhist devotional incantation.
Mantra	vedic hymn.
Mantrap	Trap for catching trespassers etc.
Manual	of or done with the hands
Manual	a worked by hand, not automatically
Manual	worked by manual gear-change.
Manual	reference book.
Manual	organ keyboard played with the hands, not the feet.
Manual	Vehicle with manual transmission.
Manufacture	making of articles, esp. In a factory etc.
Manufacture	branch of industry
Manufacture	make
Manufacture	, esp. On an industrial scale.
Manufacture	invent or fabricate
Manure	Fertilizer, esp. Dung.
Manure	apply manure to
Manuscript	text written by hand.
Manuscript	author's handwritten or typed text.
Manuscript	handwritten form
Manuscript	Written by hand.
Manx	Of the isle of man.
Manx	former celtic language of the isle of man.
Manx	(prec. By the; treated as
Manx	) Manx people.
Manx cat	Tailless variety of cat.
Many	great in number; numerous
Many	(as
Many	many people or things.
Many	the majority of people.
Maoism	Communist doctrines of mao zedong.
Maori	member of the aboriginal people of new zealand.
Maori	their language.
Maori	Of this people.
Map	a flat representation of the earth's surface, or part of it.
Map	diagram of a route etc.
Map	similar representation of the stars, sky, moon, etc.
Map	diagram showing the arrangement or components of a thing.
Map	represent on a map.
Map	math. Associate each element of
Map	with one element of another set.
Maple	any of various trees or shrubs grown for shade, ornament, wood, or sugar.
Maple	its wood.
Maple-leaf	Emblem of canada.
Maple sugar	Sugar produced by evaporating the sap of some kinds of maple.
Maple syrup	Syrup made by evaporating maple sap or dissolving maple sugar.
Maquette	Preliminary model or sketch.
Maquis	french resistance movement during the german occupation
Maquis	member of this.
Mar.	March.
Mar	spoil; disfigure.
Marabou	large w. African stork.
Marabou	its down as trimming etc.
Maraca	Clublike bean-filled gourd etc., shaken rhythmically in pairs in latin american music.
Maraschino	sweet liqueur made from black cherries.
Maraschino cherry	Cherry preserved in maraschino and used in cocktails etc.
Marathon	long-distance running race, usu. Of
Marathon	6 miles
Marathon	85 yards
Marathon	long-lasting or difficult undertaking etc.
Maraud	make a plundering raid
Maraud	pilfer systematically.
Marble	crystalline limestone capable of taking a polish, used in sculpture and architecture.
Marble	(often
Marble	anything of marble
Marble	anything like marble in hardness, coldness, etc.
Marble	a small, esp. Glass, ball as a toy.
Marble	; treated as sing.) Game using these.
Marble	(in
Marble	one's mental faculties
Marble	(in
Marble	) Collection of sculptures
Marble	(esp. As marbled
Marble	) Stain or colour
Marble	To look like variegated marble.
Marble	(as marbled
Marble	striped with fat and lean.
Marble cake	Mottled cake of light and dark sponge.
Marbling	colouring or marking like marble.
Marbling	streaks of fat in lean meat.
Marcasite	yellowish crystalline iron sulphide.
Marcasite	crystals of this used in jewellery.
March	Third month of the year.
March1	walk in a military manner with a regular tread
March1	a walk purposefully.
March1	Continue unrelentingly
March1	advance towards
March1	a act of marching.
March1	uniform military step
March1	long difficult walk.
March1	procession as a demonstration.
March1	progress or continuity
March1	a music to accompany a march.
March1	similar musical piece.
March2	Hist.
March2	(usu. In
March2	) Boundary, frontier
March2	tract of land between two countries, esp. Disputed.
March2	Border on.
March1	walk in a military manner with a regular tread
March1	a walk purposefully.
March1	Continue unrelentingly
March1	advance towards
March1	a act of marching.
March1	uniform military step
March1	long difficult walk.
March1	procession as a demonstration.
March1	progress or continuity
March1	a music to accompany a march.
March1	similar musical piece.
March2	Hist.
March2	(usu. In
March2	) Boundary, frontier
March2	tract of land between two countries, esp. Disputed.
March2	Border on.
March hare	Hare exuberant in the breeding season
Marching orders	order for troops to mobilize etc.
Marching orders	dismissal
Marchioness	wife or widow of a marquess.
Marchioness	woman holding the rank of marquess.
March past	Marching of troops past a saluting-point at a review.
March past	carry out a march past.
Mardi gras	a shrove tuesday in some catholic countries.
Mardi gras	merrymaking on this day.
Mardi gras	last day of a carnival etc.
Mare1	Female equine animal, esp.
Mare1	horse.
Mare2	large dark flat area on the moon, once thought to be sea.
Mare2	similar area on mars.
Mare's nest	Illusory discovery.
Mare's tail	tall slender marsh plant.
Mare's tail	(in
Mare's tail	) Long straight streaks of cirrus cloud.
Margarine	Butter-substitute made from vegetable oils or animal fats with milk etc.
Marge	Margarine.
Margin	edge or border of a surface.
Margin	blank border flanking print etc.
Margin	amount by which a thing exceeds, falls short, etc.
Margin	lower limit
Margin	provide with a margin or marginal notes.
Marginal	of or written in a margin.
Marginal	a of or at the edge.
Marginal	insignificant
Marginal	Held by a small majority.
Marginal	close to the limit, esp. Of profitability.
Marginal	difficult to cultivate; unprofitable.
Marginal	barely adequate.
Marginal cost	Cost added by making one extra copy etc.
Marginalia	pl. Marginal notes.
Marginalize	make or treat as insignificant.
Margin of error	Allowance for miscalculation etc.
Marguerite	Ox-eye daisy.
Maria	Of *mare2.
Marigold	Plant with golden or bright yellow flowers.
Marijuana	dried leaves etc. Of hemp, smoked in cigarettes as a drug.
Marimba	xylophone played by natives of africa and central america.
Marimba	modern orchestral instrument derived from this.
Marina	Harbour for pleasure-yachts etc.
Marinade	mixture of wine, vinegar, oil, spices, etc., for soaking meat, fish, etc. Before cooking.
Marinade	meat, fish, etc., so soaked.
Marinade	soak in a marinade.
Marine	of, found in, or produced by the sea.
Marine	a of shipping or naval matters
Marine	for use at sea.
Marine	soldier trained to serve on land or sea.
Marine	country's shipping, fleet, or navy
Mariner	Seaman.
Marionette	Puppet worked by strings.
Marital	Of marriage or marriage relations.
Maritime	connected with the sea or seafaring
Maritime	living or found near the sea.
Marjoram	Aromatic herb used in cookery.
Mark1	spot, sign, stain, scar, etc., on a surface etc.
Mark1	(esp. In
Mark1	written or printed symbol
Mark1	number or letter denoting proficiency, conduct, etc. (black mark;
Mark1	6 marks out of
Mark1	sign of quality, character, feeling, etc.
Mark1	a sign, seal, etc., of identification.
Mark1	cross etc. Made as a signature by an illiterate person.
Mark1	lasting effect
Mark1	a target etc.
Mark1	standard, norm
Mark1	line etc. Indicating a position.
Mark1	particular design, model, etc., of a car, aircraft, etc. (mark
Mark1	ford granada).
Mark1	runner's starting-point in a race.
Mark1	a make a mark on.
Mark1	mark with initials, name, etc. To identify etc.
Mark1	correct and assess
Mark1	attach a price to
Mark1	notice or observe
Mark1	a characterize
Mark1	acknowledge, celebrate
Mark1	name or indicate on a map etc.
Mark1	keep close to
Mark1	to hinder him.
Mark1	(as marked
Mark1	) Have natural marks
Mark1	irrelevant.
Mark1	not accurate. Make one's mark attain distinction; make an impression. One's mark
Mark1	Opponent, object, etc., of one's own size etc.
Mark1	. Mark down
Mark1	reduce the price of
Mark1	make a written note of.
Mark1	reduce the examination marks of. Mark off separate by a boundary etc. Mark out
Mark1	plan
Mark1	destine
Mark1	trace out
Mark1	. Mark time
Mark1	march on the spot without moving forward.
Mark1	act routinely while awaiting an opportunity to advance. Mark up
Mark1	add a proportion to the price of
Mark1	For profit.
Mark1	mark or correct
Mark1	. Off the mark
Mark1	having made a start.
Mark1	= beside the mark. On the mark ready to start. On your mark
Mark1	get ready to start (esp.
Mark1	race). Up to the mark normal
Mark-down	Reduction in price.
Marked	having a visible mark.
Marked	clearly noticeable
Marked	marked on their backs to assist cheating.
Marked man	Person singled out, esp. For attack.
Marker	thing marking a position etc.
Marker	person or thing that marks.
Marker	broad-tipped felt-tipped pen.
Marker	scorer in a game.
Market	gathering of buyers and sellers of provisions, livestock, etc.
Market	space for this.
Market	demand for a commodity etc.
Market	place or group providing such a demand.
Market	conditions etc. For buying or selling; rate of purchase and sale
Market	offer for sale, esp. By advertising etc.
Market	buy or sell goods in a market.
Market	Marketing
Marketable	Able or fit to be sold.
Market-day	Day on which a market is regularly held.
Marketeer	supporter of the ec and british membership of it.
Marketeer	marketer.
Market garden	Farm where vegetables and fruit are grown for sale in markets.
Market-place	open space for a market.
Market-place	commercial world.
Market price	Price in current dealings.
Market research	Surveying of consumers' needs and preferences.
Market town	Town where a market is held.
Market value	Value if offered for sale.
Marking	(usu. In
Marking	identification mark.
Marking	colouring of an animal's fur etc.
Marksman	Skilled shot, esp. With a pistol or rifle.
Mark-up	amount added to a price by the retailer for profit.
Mark-up	corrections in a text.
Marl	Soil of clay and lime, used as fertilizer.
Marl	Apply marl to.
Marlin	us long-nosed marine fish.
Marlinspike	Pointed iron tool used to separate strands of rope etc.
Marmalade	Preserve of citrus fruit, usu. Oranges.
Marmite	Propr. Thick brown spread made from yeast and vegetable extract.
Marmoreal	Of or like marble.
Marmoset	Small monkey with a long bushy tail.
Marmot	Heavy-set burrowing rodent with a short bushy tail.
Marocain	Fabric of ribbed crêpe.
Maroon1	Brownish-crimson.
Maroon2	leave
Maroon2	isolated, esp. On an island.
Maroon2	Cause
Maroon2	to be forcibly detained.
Marque	Make of car, as distinct from a specific model
Marquee	Large tent for social functions etc.
Marquess	British nobleman ranking between duke and earl.
Marquetry	Inlaid work in wood, ivory, etc.
Marquis	foreign nobleman ranking between duke and count.
Marquise	wife or widow of a marquis.
Marquise	woman holding the rank of marquis.
Marram	Shore grass that binds sand.
Marriage	legal union of a man and a woman for cohabitation and often procreation.
Marriage	act or ceremony marking this.
Marriage	particular such union
Marriage	intimate union, combination.
Marriageable	Free, ready, or fit for marriage.
Marriage bureau	Company arranging introductions with a view to marriage.
Marriage certificate	Certificate verifying a legal marriage.
Marriage guidance	Counselling of people with marital problems.
Marriage licence	Licence to marry.
Marriage lines	pl. Marriage certificate.
Marriage of convenience	Loveless marriage for gain.
Marriage settlement	Legal property arrangement between spouses.
Married	united in marriage.
Married	of marriage
Married	(usu. In
Married	) Married person
Marron glacé	chestnut preserved in syrup.
Marrow	large fleshy usu. Striped gourd eaten as a vegetable.
Marrow	soft fatty substance in the cavities of bones.
Marrow	essential part.
Marrowbone	Bone containing edible marrow.
Marrowfat	kind of large pea.
Marry	take, join, or give in marriage.
Marry	a enter into marriage.
Marry	become a member of
Marry	by marriage.
Marry	a unite intimately, combine.
Marry	pair
Marsala	dark sweet fortified dessert wine.
Marseillaise	French national anthem.
Marsh	(often
Marsh	) Low watery land.
Marsh	. Marshiness
Marshal	high-ranking officer of state or in the armed forces
Marshal	officer arranging ceremonies, controlling racecourses, crowds, etc.
Marshal	arrange
Marshal	In due order.
Marshalling yard	Yard for assembling goods trains etc.
Marshal of the royal air force	Highest rank in the raf.
Marsh gas	Methane.
Marshland	Land consisting of marshes.
Marshmallow	Soft sticky sweet made of sugar, albumen, gelatin, etc.
Marsh mallow	Shrubby herbaceous plant.
Marsh marigold	Golden-flowered plant.
Marsupial	Mammal giving birth to underdeveloped young subsequently carried in a pouch.
Marsupial	Of or like a marsupial.
Mart	trade centre.
Mart	auction-room.
Mart	market.
Martello	small circular coastal fort.
Marten	Weasel-like carnivore with valuable fur.
Martial	of warfare.
Martial	warlike.
Martial arts	pl. Oriental fighting sports such as judo and karate.
Martial law	Military government with ordinary law suspended.
Martian	Of the planet mars.
Martian	Hypothetical inhabitant of mars.
Martin	kind of swallow, esp. The house-martin and sand-martin.
Martinet	Strict disciplinarian.
Martingale	Strap
Martingale	preventing a horse from rearing etc.
Martini	propr. Type of vermouth.
Martini	cocktail of gin and french vermouth.
Martinmas	St martin's day,
Martinmas	1 nov.
Martyr	a person killed for persisting in a belief.
Martyr	person who suffers for a cause etc.
Martyr	person who suffers or pretends to suffer to get pity etc.
Martyr	Constant sufferer from
Martyr	put to death as a martyr.
Martyr	torment.
Marvel	wonderful thing.
Marvel	wonderful example of
Marvel	feel surprise or wonder.
Marvellous	astonishing.
Marvellous	excellent.
Marvelous	astonishing.
Marvelous	excellent.
Marxism	Political and economic theories of marx, predicting the overthrow of capitalism and common ownership of the means of production in a classless society.
Marxism-leninism	Marxism as developed by lenin.
Marzipan	Paste of ground almonds, sugar, etc., used in confectionery.
Marzipan	cover with marzipan.
Mascara	Cosmetic for darkening the eyelashes.
Mascot	Person, animal, or thing supposed to bring luck.
Masculine	of men.
Masculine	having manly qualities.
Masculine	of or denoting the male gender.
Masculine	Masculine gender or word.
Maser	Device used to amplify or generate coherent electromagnetic radiation in the microwave range.
Mash	soft or confused mixture.
Mash	mixture of boiled grain, bran, etc., fed to horses etc.
Mash	Mashed potatoes.
Mash	mixture of malt and hot water used in brewing.
Mash	soft pulp made by crushing, mixing with water, etc.
Mash	crush
Mash	To a pulp.
Mash	dial.
Mash	infuse
Mash	draw.
Mask	covering for all or part of the face as a disguise or for protection against infection etc.
Mask	respirator.
Mask	likeness of a person's face, esp. One from a mould
Masking tape	Adhesive tape used in decorating to protect areas where paint is not wanted.
Masochism	sexual perversion involving one's own pain or humiliation.
Masochism	Enjoyment of what appears to be painful or tiresome.
Masochism	Masochistic
Masochism	Masochistically
Mason	person who builds with stone.
Mason	freemason.
Masonic	Of freemasons.
Masonry	a stonework.
Masonry	work of a mason.
Masonry	freemasonry.
Masque	Musical drama with mime, esp. In the
Masque	6th and
Masque	7th c.
Masquerade	false show, pretence.
Masquerade	masked ball.
Masquerade	appear falsely or in disguise.
Mass1	shapeless body of matter.
Mass1	dense aggregation of objects
Mass1	(in sing. Or
Mass1	; usu. Foll. By of) large number or amount.
Mass1	unbroken expanse
Mass1	a the majority.
Mass1	) Ordinary people.
Mass1	physics quantity of matter a body contains.
Mass1	On a large scale
Mass1	Assemble into a mass or as one body.
Mass2	eucharist, esp. In the roman catholic church.
Mass2	celebration of this.
Mass2	liturgy used in this.
Mass2	musical setting of parts of this.
Massacre	mass killing.
Massacre	utter defeat or destruction.
Massacre	kill
Massacre	cruelly or violently.
Massacre	Defeat heavily.
Massage	Rubbing and kneading of the muscles and joints with the hands, to relieve stiffness, cure strains, stimulate, etc.
Massage	apply massage to.
Massage	manipulate
Massage	To give an acceptable result.
Massage	flatter
Massage parlour	establishment providing massage.
Massage parlour	euphem. Brothel.
Masseur	person who gives massage for a living.
Massif	Compact group of mountain heights.
Massive	large and heavy or solid.
Massive	Relatively large or solid.
Massive	exceptionally large or severe
Massive	substantial, impressive.
Massive	Massiveness
Mass media	pl.
Mass noun	Noun that is not normally countable and cannot be used with the indefinite article
Mass production	Mechanical production of large quantities of a standardized article.
Mast1	long upright post of timber etc. On a ship's keel to support sails.
Mast1	post etc. For supporting a radio or television aerial.
Mast1	flag-pole
Mast1	(also in
Mast1	). Master
Mast1	(also in
Mast2	Fruit of the beech, oak, etc., esp. As food for pigs.
Mastectomy	surgical removal of a breast.
Master	person having control or ownership
Master	captain of a merchant ship.
Master	male teacher.
Master	prevailing person.
Master	a skilled tradesman able to teach others (often
Master	: master carpenter).
Master	skilled practitioner
Master	holder of a usu. Post-graduate university degree
Master	revered teacher in philosophy etc.
Master	great artist.
Master	chess etc. Player at international level.
Master	0 original copy of a film, recording, etc., from which others can be made.
Master	title for a boy not old enough to be called mr.
Master	employer.
Master	commanding, superior
Master-class	Class given by a famous musician etc.
Masterful	imperious, domineering.
Masterful	masterly.
Master-key	Key that opens several different locks.
Masterly	Very skilful.
Mastermind	person with an outstanding intellect.
Mastermind	person directing a scheme etc.
Mastermind	Plan and direct
Master of ceremonies	person introducing speakers at a banquet or entertainers in a variety show.
Master of ceremonies	person in charge of a ceremonial or social occasion.
Master of the rolls	Judge who presides over the court of appeal.
Masterpiece	outstanding piece of artistry or workmanship.
Masterpiece	person's best work.
Master-stroke	Skilful tactic etc.
Master-switch	Switch controlling the supply of electricity etc. To an entire system.
Mastery	control, dominance.
Mastery	comprehensive knowledge or skill.
Masthead	top of a ship's mast, esp. As a place of observation or punishment.
Masthead	title of a newspaper etc. At the head of the front page or editorial page.
Mastic	gum or resin from the mastic tree, used in making varnish.
Mastic	evergreen tree yielding this.
Mastic	waterproof filler and sealant.
Masticate	grind or chew
Masticate	with one's teeth.
Masticate	Masticatory
Mastiff	Dog of a large strong breed with drooping ears.
Mastitis	Inflammation of the breast or udder.
Mastodon	large extinct mammal resembling the elephant.
Mastoid	Shaped like a breast.
Mastoid	(usu. In
Mastoid	Inflammation of the mastoid process.
Mastoid process	Conical prominence on the temporal bone behind the ear.
Masturbate	Sexually arouse
Masturbate	by manual stimulation of the genitals.
Mat1	small piece of
Mat1	material on a floor, esp. For wiping one's shoes on.
Mat1	piece of cork, rubber, etc., to protect a surface from a hot dish etc. Placed on it.
Mat1	padded floor covering in gymnastics, wrestling, etc.
Mat1	(esp. As matted
Mat1	) Entangle or become entangled in a thick mass
Mat1	being reprimanded.
Matador	Bullfighter whose task is to kill the bull.
Match1	contest or game in which players or teams compete.
Match1	a person as an equal contender
Match1	person or thing exactly like or corresponding to another.
Match1	marriage.
Match1	person viewed as a marriage prospect.
Match1	correspond
Match1	; be like or alike; harmonize
Match1	equal.
Match1	place in conflict or competition with.
Match1	find material etc. That matches
Match2	short thin piece of wood etc. With a combustible tip.
Match2	wick or cord etc. For firing a cannon etc.
Matchboard	Tongued and grooved board fitting with similar boards.
Matchbox	Box for holding matches.
Matchless	Incomparable.
Matchmaker	Person who arranges marriages or schemes to bring couples together.
Match point	Tennis etc.
Match point	position when one side needs only one more point to win the match.
Match point	this point.
Matchstick	Stem of a match.
Matchwood	wood suitable for matches.
Matchwood	minute splinters.
Mate1	friend or fellow worker.
Mate1	Form of address, esp. To another man.
Mate1	a each of a breeding pair, esp. Of birds. B
Mate1	Partner in marriage.
Mate1	) Fellow member or joint occupant of
Mate1	officer on a merchant ship.
Mate1	assistant to a skilled worker
Mate1	come or bring together for breeding.
Mate1	mech. Fit well.
Mate2	chess
Mater	mother.
Material	matter from which a thing is made.
Material	cloth, fabric.
Material	(in
Material	) Things needed for an activity
Material	person or thing of a specified kind or suitable for a purpose
Material	(in sing. Or
Material	) Information etc. For a book etc.
Material	(in sing. Or
Material	, often foll. By of) elements, constituent parts, or substance.
Material	of matter; corporeal; not spiritual.
Material	of bodily comfort etc.
Material	important, significant, relevant.
Materialism	greater interest in material possessions and comfort than in spiritual values.
Materialism	philos. Theory that nothing exists but matter.
Materialism	Materialistic
Materialism	Materialistically
Materialize	become actual fact; happen.
Materialize	Appear or be present.
Materialize	represent in or assume bodily form.
Materially	Substantially, significantly.
Matériel	Means, esp. Materials and equipment in warfare.
Maternal	of or like a mother; motherly.
Maternal	related through the mother
Maternal	of the mother in pregnancy and childbirth.
Maternity	motherhood.
Maternity	motherliness.
Maternity	For women during pregnancy and childbirth
Matey	sociable; familiar, friendly.
Matey	mate.
Matey	. Matily
Math	Mathematics.
Mathematical	of mathematics.
Mathematical	rigorously precise.
Mathematical tables	pl. Tables of logarithms and trigonometric values etc.
Mathematics	Abstract science of number, quantity, and space.
Mathematics	(as
Mathematics	) Use of this in calculation etc.
Maths	Mathematics.
Matinee	afternoon performance in the theatre, cinema, etc.
Matinée	afternoon performance in the theatre, cinema, etc.
Matinée coat	baby's short knitted coat.
Matinée idol	Handsome actor.
Matins	(as sing. Or
Matins	) Morning prayer, esp. In the church of england.
Matriarch	Female head of a family or tribe.
Matriarchy	female-dominated system of society, with descent through the female line.
Matrices	Of *matrix.
Matricide	killing of one's mother.
Matricide	person who does this.
Matriculate	enrol at a college or university.
Matrimony	Rite or state of marriage.
Matrix	mould in which a thing is cast or shaped.
Matrix	place etc. In which a thing is developed.
Matrix	rock in which gems, fossils, etc., are embedded.
Matrix	math. Rectangular array of elements treated as a single element.
Matron	woman in charge of nursing in a hospital.
Matron	married, esp. Staid, woman.
Matron	woman nurse and housekeeper at a school etc.
Matronly	Like a matron, esp. Portly or staid.
Matron of honour	Married woman attending the bride at a wedding.
Matt	Not shiny or glossy; dull.
Matt	paint giving a dull flat finish.
Matter	physical substance having mass and occupying space, as distinct from mind and spirit.
Matter	specified substance
Matter	amiss
Matter	content as distinct from style, form, etc.
Matter	situation etc. Under consideration or as an occasion for
Matter	pus or a similar substance discharged from the body.
Matter	be of importance; have significance.
Matter	as far as that is concerned.
Matter	and indeed also.
Matter	matter of approximately; amounting to (a matter of
Matter	0 years). No matter
Matter	Regardless of.
Matter	it is of no importance.
Matter of course	Natural or expected thing.
Matter-of-fact	unimaginative, prosaic.
Matter-of-fact	unemotional.
Matter-of-fact	Matter-of-factness
Matter of life and death	Matter of vital importance.
Matting	Fabric for mats.
Mattock	Agricultural tool like a pickaxe, with an adze and a chisel edge.
Mattress	Stuffed, or air- or water-filled cushion the size of a bed.
Maturate	Come to maturation.
Maturation	maturing or being matured.
Maturation	formation of pus.
Mature	a fully developed, adult.
Mature	sensible, wise.
Mature	ripe; seasoned.
Mature	Careful, considered.
Mature	Due, payable.
Mature	develop fully; ripen.
Mature	perfect
Mature	Become due or payable.
Mature	Matureness
Mature	Maturity
Mature student	Adult student.
Matutinal	Of the morning; early.
Maudlin	Weakly or tearfully sentimental, esp. From drunkenness.
Maul	tear the flesh of; claw.
Maul	handle roughly.
Maul	damage by criticism.
Maul	rugby loose scrum.
Maul	brawl.
Maul	heavy hammer.
Maulstick	stick held to support the hand in painting.
Maunder	talk ramblingly.
Maunder	move or act listlessly or idly.
Maundy	Distribution of maundy money.
Maundy money	Specially minted silver coins distributed by the british sovereign on maundy thursday.
Maundy thursday	Thursday before easter.
Mausoleum	Magnificent tomb.
Mauve	Pale purple.
Mauve	This colour.
Maverick	unorthodox or independent-minded person.
Maverick	us unbranded calf or yearling.
Maw	stomach of an animal or
Maw	Greedy person.
Maw	jaws or throat of a voracious animal.
Mawkish	Feebly sentimental; sickly.
Mawkish	Mawkishness
Max.	Maximum.
Maxi	Maxi-coat, -skirt, etc.
Maxi-	Form very large or long.
Maxilla	jaw or jawbone, esp.
Maxilla	the upper jaw.
Maxim	General truth or rule of conduct briefly expressed.
Maxima	Of *maximum.
Maximal	Of or being a maximum.
Maximize	make as large or great as possible.
Maximum	highest possible amount, size, etc.
Maximum	Greatest in amount, size, etc.
May	fifth month of the year.
May	hawthorn, esp. In blossom.
May	aux.
May	expressing: a
May	possibility
May	permission
May	a wish
May	uncertainty or irony
May	in purpose clauses and after wish, fear, etc.
Maya	member of an ancient indian people of central america.
Maya	their language.
Maybe	Perhaps.
May day	may as a spring festival or international holiday in honour of workers.
Mayday	International radio distress-signal.
Mayflower	Any of various flowers that bloom in may.
Mayfly	kind of insect living briefly in spring.
Mayhem	Destruction; havoc.
Mayn't	May not.
Mayonnaise	thick creamy dressing of egg-yolks, oil, vinegar, etc.
Mayonnaise	dish dressed with this
Mayor	head of the corporation of a city or borough.
Mayor	head of a district council with the status of a borough.
Mayoralty	office of mayor.
Mayoralty	period of this.
Mayoress	woman mayor.
Mayoress	wife or official consort of a mayor.
Maypole	Decorated pole for dancing round on may day.
May queen	Girl chosen to preside over may day festivities.
Maze	network of paths and hedges designed as a puzzle for those who enter it.
Maze	labyrinth.
Maze	confused network, mass, etc.
Mazurka	lively polish dance in triple time.
Mazurka	music for this.
Mb	bachelor of medicine.
Mb	computing megabyte.
Mba	Master of business administration.
Mbe	Member of the order of the british empire.
Mbo	Management buyout.
Mc	master of ceremonies.
Mc	military cross.
Mc	member of congress.
Mcc	Marylebone cricket club.
Md	doctor of medicine.
Md	managing director.
Md	Mendelevium.
Me	Myalgic encephalomyelitis, a condition with prolonged flu-like symptoms and depression.
Me1	objective case of *i2
Me2	Third note of a major scale.
Mea culpa	Acknowledgement of error.
Mea culpa	Expressing this.
Mead	Alcoholic drink of fermented honey and water.
Meadow	piece of grassland, esp. One used for hay.
Meadow	low marshy ground, esp. Near a river.
Meadowsweet	Fragrant meadow and marsh plant with creamy-white flowers.
Meager	scant in amount or quality.
Meager	lean, thin.
Meagre	scant in amount or quality.
Meagre	lean, thin.
Meal1	occasion when food is eaten.
Meal1	the food eaten at a meal.
Meal1	Treat
Meal1	Too laboriously or fussily.
Meal2	grain or pulse ground to powder.
Meal2	scot. Oatmeal.
Meal2	us maize flour.
Meals on wheels	pl.
Meals on wheels	Regular voluntary esp. Lunch deliveries to old people, invalids, etc.
Meal-ticket	Person or thing that is a source of maintenance or income.
Mealtime	Usual time of eating.
Mealy	of, like, or containing meal.
Mealy	pale.
Mealy-mouthed	Afraid to speak plainly.
Mean1	(past and
Mean1	Meant)
Mean1	have as one's purpose or intention
Mean1	design or destine for a purpose
Mean1	intend to convey or refer to
Mean1	entail, involve, portend, signify
Mean1	have as its equivalent in the same or another language.
Mean1	be of specified importance to
Mean1	Be in earnest. Mean it not be joking or exaggerating. Mean well have good intentions.
Mean2	niggardly; not generous.
Mean2	ignoble, small-minded.
Mean2	Inferior, poor.
Mean2	shabby; inadequate
Mean2	a malicious, ill-tempered.
Mean2	us vicious or aggressive in behaviour.
Mean2	Skilful, formidable
Mean2	Meanness
Mean3	median point
Mean3	a term midway between the first and last terms of an arithmetical etc. Progression.
Mean3	quotient of the sum of several quantities and their number; average.
Mean3	equally far from two extremes.
Mean3	calculated as a mean.
Mean2	niggardly; not generous.
Mean2	ignoble, small-minded.
Mean2	Inferior, poor.
Mean2	shabby; inadequate
Mean2	a malicious, ill-tempered.
Mean2	us vicious or aggressive in behaviour.
Mean2	Skilful, formidable
Mean2	Meanness
Mean3	median point
Mean3	a term midway between the first and last terms of an arithmetical etc. Progression.
Mean3	quotient of the sum of several quantities and their number; average.
Mean3	equally far from two extremes.
Mean3	calculated as a mean.
Meander	wander at random.
Meander	wind about.
Meander	(in
Meander	) Sinuous windings of a river, path, etc.
Meander	circuitous journey.
Meanie	Niggardly or small-minded person.
Meaning	what is meant.
Meaning	significance.
Meaning	importance.
Meaning	Expressive, significant
Meaningful	full of meaning; significant.
Meaningful	logic able to be interpreted.
Meaningful	Meaningfulness
Meaningless	Having no meaning or significance.
Meaningless	Meaninglessness
Means	Action, agent, device, or method producing a result
Means	a money resources
Means	wealth
Mean sea level	Level halfway between high and low water.
Means test	Inquiry into income as a basis for eligibility for state benefit etc.
Means test	subject to or base on a means test.
Meantime	Intervening period
Meanwhile	in the intervening period of time.
Meanwhile	at the same time.
Meanwhile	Intervening period
Measles	pl.
Measles	Infectious viral disease marked by a red rash.
Measly	Meagre, contemptible.
Measure	size or quantity found by measuring.
Measure	system or unit of measuring (liquid measure;
Measure	0 measures of wheat).
Measure	rod, tape, vessel, etc. For measuring.
Measure	degree, extent, or amount
Measure	factor determining evaluation etc.
Measure	(usu. In
Measure	) Suitable action to achieve some end.
Measure	legislative bill, act, etc.
Measure	prescribed extent or quantity.
Measure	poetic metre.
Measure	0 mineral stratum
Measure	ascertain the extent or quantity of
Measure	by comparison with a known standard.
Measure	be of a specified size.
Measure	ascertain the size of
Measure	for clothes.
Measure	estimate
Measure	By some criterion.
Measure	mark
Measure	distribute in measured quantities.
Measure	bring
Measure	Into competition with.
Measure	take the measurements
Measure	(often foll.
Measured	rhythmical; regular
Measured	carefully considered.
Measureless	Not measurable; infinite.
Measurement	measuring.
Measurement	amount measured.
Measurement	(in
Measurement	) Detailed dimensions.
Meat	animal flesh as food.
Meat	substance; chief part.
Meatball	Small round ball of minced meat.
Meat loaf	Minced meat etc. Moulded and baked.
Meat safe	Ventilated cupboard for storing meat.
Meaty	full of meat; fleshy.
Meaty	of or like meat.
Meaty	substantial, full of interest, satisfying.
Mecca	Place one aspires to visit.
Mechanic	Person skilled in using or repairing machinery.
Mechanical	of machines or mechanisms.
Mechanical	working or produced by machinery.
Mechanical	Automatic; repetitive.
Mechanical	Belonging to mechanics.
Mechanical	of mechanics as a science.
Mechanical engineer	Person qualified in the design, construction, etc. Of machines.
Mechanics	pl.
Mechanics	branch of applied mathematics dealing with motion etc.
Mechanics	science of machinery.
Mechanics	routine technical aspects of a thing
Mechanism	structure or parts of a machine.
Mechanism	system of parts working together.
Mechanism	process; method
Mechanize	introduce machines in
Mechanize	make mechanical.
Mechanize	equip with tanks, armoured cars, etc.
Med	Mediterranean sea.
Medal	Commemorative metal disc etc., esp. Awarded for military or sporting prowess.
Medalist	winner of a
Medalist	medal
Medallion	large medal.
Medallion	thing so shaped, e.g.
Medallion	decorative panel etc.
Medallist	winner of a
Medallist	medal
Meddle	interfere in others' concerns.
Meddlesome	Interfering.
Media	Of *medium.
Media	mass communications
Media	regarded collectively.
Median	Situated in the middle.
Median	straight line drawn from any vertex of a triangle to the middle of the opposite side.
Median	middle value of a series.
Mediate	intervene
Mediate	to settle a quarrel etc.
Mediate	bring about
Mediate	thus.
Mediate	Mediator
Medic	Medical practitioner or student.
Medical	Of medicine in general or as distinct from surgery
Medical	Medical examination.
Medical certificate	Certificate of fitness or unfitness for work etc.
Medical examination	Examination to determine a person's physical fitness.
Medical officer	Person in charge of the health services of a local authority etc.
Medical practitioner	Physician or surgeon.
Medicare	Us federally funded health insurance scheme for the elderly.
Medicate	treat medically.
Medicate	impregnate with medicine etc.
Medication	treatment using drugs.
Medicinal	healing.
Medicine	science or practice of the diagnosis, treatment, and prevention of disease, esp. As distinct from surgery.
Medicine	drug etc. For the treatment or prevention of disease, esp. Taken by mouth.
Medicine man	Tribal, esp.
Medicine man	American indian, witch-doctor.
Medieval	of the middle ages.
Medieval	Old-fashioned.
Medieval history	History of the
Medieval history	th–15th c.
Medieval latin	Latin of about ad
Medieval latin	00–1500.
Mediocre	indifferent in quality.
Mediocre	second-rate.
Mediocrity	being mediocre.
Mediocrity	mediocre person.
Meditate	engage in
Meditate	contemplation.
Meditate	plan mentally.
Meditate	Meditator
Meditative	inclined to meditate.
Meditative	indicative of meditation, thoughtful.
Meditative	Meditativeness
Mediterranean	Of the sea bordered by s. Europe, sw asia, and
Mediterranean	Africa, or its surrounding region
Medium	middle quality, degree, etc. Between extremes
Medium	means of communication
Medium	substance, e.g. Air, through which sense-impressions are conveyed.
Medium	physical environment etc. Of a living organism.
Medium	means.
Medium	material or form used by an artist, composer, etc.
Medium	liquid
Medium	used for diluting paints.
Medium	person claiming to communicate with the dead.
Medium	between two qualities, degrees, etc.
Medium	average
Medium-range	Able to travel a medium distance.
Medium wave	Radio wave of frequency between
Medium wave	00 khz and
Medium wave	mhz.
Medlar	tree bearing small brown apple-like fruits, eaten when decayed.
Medlar	such a fruit.
Medley	varied mixture.
Medley	collection of tunes etc. Played as one piece.
Medulla	inner part of certain organs etc., e.g. The kidney.
Medulla	soft internal tissue of plants.
Medulla oblongata	Lowest part of the brainstem, formed from a continuation of the spinal cord.
Medusa	jellyfish.
Meek	Humble and submissive or gentle.
Meek	Meekness
Meerkat	S. African mongoose.
Meerschaum	soft white clay-like substance.
Meerschaum	tobacco-pipe with its bowl made from this.
Meet1	(past and
Meet1	Met)
Meet1	encounter
Meet1	Or
Meet1	come together by accident or design; come face to face
Meet1	be present by design at the arrival of
Meet1	come or seem to come together or into contact
Meet1	; join
Meet1	make the acquaintance of
Meet1	come together for business, worship, etc.
Meet1	a deal with or answer
Meet1	satisfy or conform with
Meet1	pay
Meet1	; honour
Meet1	experience, encounter, or receive
Meet1	confront in battle etc.
Meet1	assembly for a hunt.
Meet1	assembly for sport, esp. Athletics.
Meet1	= sense
Meet1	Meet with
Meet1	see sense
Meet1	receive
Meet1	esp. Us = sense
Meet2	fitting, proper.
Meeting	coming together.
Meeting	assembly of esp.
Meeting	society, committee, etc.
Mega	excellent.
Mega	enormous.
Mega	Extremely.
Mega-	Form
Mega-	large.
Mega-	one million
Mega-	in the metric system of measurement.
Mega-	extremely; very big
Megabuck	million dollars.
Megabyte	Computing
Megabyte	,048,576 (i.e.
Megabyte	20) bytes as a measure of data capacity, or loosely
Megabyte	,000,000.
Megadeath	Death of one million people
Megahertz	one million hertz, esp. As a measure of radio frequency.
Megalith	Large stone, esp. As a prehistoric monument or part of one.
Megalomania	mental disorder producing delusions of grandeur.
Megalomania	passion for grandiose schemes.
Megalosaurus	large flesh-eating dinosaur with stout hind legs and small forelimbs.
Megaphone	Large funnel-shaped device for amplifying the voice.
Megastar	Very famous entertainer etc.
Megaton	Unit of explosive power equal to one million tons of tnt.
Megavolt	One million volts, esp. As a unit of electromotive force.
Megawatt	One million watts, esp. As a measure of electrical power.
Megohm	One million ohms.
Meiosis	cell division that results in gametes with half the normal chromosome number.
Melamine	white crystalline compound producing resins.
Melamine	plastic made from this and used esp. For laminated coatings.
Melancholia	Depression and anxiety.
Melancholy	pensive sadness.
Melancholy	a mental depression.
Melancholy	tendency to this.
Melancholy	Sad; saddening, depressing; expressing sadness.
Mélange	Mixture, medley.
Melanin	Dark pigment in the hair, skin, etc., causing tanning in sunlight.
Melanoma	Malignant skin tumour.
Melba toast	Very thin crisp toast.
Meld	Merge, blend.
Melee	confused fight, skirmish, or scuffle.
Melee	muddle.
Mêlée	confused fight, skirmish, or scuffle.
Mêlée	muddle.
Mellifluous	Pleasing, musical, flowing.
Mellifluous	Mellifluousness
Mellow	soft and rich, free from harshness.
Mellow	gentle; mature.
Mellow	genial, jovial.
Mellow	euphem. Partly intoxicated.
Mellow	soft, sweet, and juicy.
Mellow	well-matured, smooth.
Mellow	rich, loamy.
Mellow	Make or become mellow.
Mellow	Mellowness
Melodeon	small organ similar to the harmonium.
Melodeon	small german accordion.
Melodic	Of melody; melodious.
Melodious	of, producing, or having melody.
Melodious	sweet-sounding.
Melodious	Melodiousness
Melodrama	sensational play etc. Appealing blatantly to the emotions.
Melodrama	this type of drama.
Melodrama	theatrical language, behaviour, etc.
Melodrama	Melodramatically
Melody	single notes arranged to make a distinctive recognizable pattern; tune.
Melody	principal part in harmonized music.
Melody	musical arrangement of words.
Melody	sweet music, tunefulness.
Melon	sweet fleshy fruit of various climbing plants of the gourd family.
Melon	such a gourd.
Melt	become liquefied or change to liquid by the action of heat; dissolve.
Melt	(as molten
Melt	Liquefied by heat
Melt	be delicious, seeming to dissolve in the mouth.
Melt	soften, or
Melt	Be softened, by pity, love, etc.
Melt	merge imperceptibly; change into
Melt	leave or disappear unobtrusively
Melt	melt
Melt	for reuse.
Melt	become liquid and lose structure.
Meltdown	melting of a structure, esp. The overheated core of a nuclear reactor.
Meltdown	disastrous event, esp.
Meltdown	rapid fall in share values.
Melting point	Temperature at which a solid melts.
Melting-pot	Place for mixing races, theories, etc.
Member	person etc. Belonging to a society, team, group, etc.
Member	person elected to certain assemblies etc.
Member	part of a larger structure, e.g. Of a group of figures or a mathematical set.
Member	a part or organ of the body, esp.
Member	limb.
Membership	being a member.
Membership	number or body of members.
Membrane	pliable sheetlike tissue connecting or lining organs in plants and animals.
Membrane	thin pliable sheet or skin.
Memento	souvenir of a person or event.
Memento mori	Skull etc. As a reminder of death.
Memo	Memorandum.
Memoir	historical account etc. Written from personal knowledge or special sources.
Memoir	(in
Memoir	) Autobiography, esp. Partial or dealing with specific events or people.
Memoir	essay on a learned subject.
Memorabilia	pl. Souvenirs of memorable events.
Memorable	worth remembering.
Memorable	easily remembered.
Memorandum	note or record for future use.
Memorandum	informal written message, esp. In business, diplomacy, etc.
Memorial	Object etc. Established in memory of a person or event.
Memorial	Commemorating
Memorize	commit to memory.
Memory	faculty by which things are recalled to or kept in the mind.
Memory	a this in an individual
Memory	store of things remembered
Memory	recollection; remembrance, esp. Of a person etc.; person or thing remembered
Memory	storage capacity of a computer etc.
Memory	posthumous reputation
Memory	length of remembered time of a specific person, group, etc.
Memory	remembering
Memory lane	joc. Sentimental remembering.
Memsahib	Anglo-ind. Hist. Indian name for a european married woman in india.
Men	Of *man.
Menace	threat.
Menace	dangerous thing or person.
Menace	joc. Pest, nuisance.
Menace	threaten.
Ménage	Household.
Ménage à trois	household of three, usu.
Ménage à trois	married couple and a lover.
Menagerie	Small zoo.
Mend	restore to good condition; repair.
Mend	regain health.
Mend	improve
Mend	Darn or repair in material etc.
Mendacious	Lying, untruthful.
Mendelevium	Artificially made transuranic radioactive metallic element.
Mendelian	Of mendel's theory of heredity by genes.
Mendicant	begging.
Mendicant	living solely on alms.
Mendicant	beggar.
Mendicant	mendicant friar.
Mending	action of repairing.
Mending	things, esp. Clothes, to be mended.
Menfolk	pl. Men, esp. The men of a family.
Menhir	Usu. Prehistoric monument of a tall upright stone.
Menial	degrading, servile.
Menial	Domestic servant.
Meninges	pl. Three membranes enclosing the brain and spinal cord.
Meningitis	infection and inflammation of the meninges.
Meniscus	curved upper surface of liquid in a tube.
Meniscus	lens convex on one side and concave on the other.
Menopause	ceasing of menstruation.
Menopause	period in a woman's life (usu.
Menopause	5–55) when this occurs.
Menorah	Seven-branched jewish candelabrum.
Menses	pl. Flow of menstrual blood etc.
Mens rea	Law criminal intent.
Menstrual	Of menstruation.
Menstrual cycle	Process of ovulation and menstruation.
Menstruate	undergo menstruation.
Menstruation	Process of discharging blood etc. From the uterus, usu. At monthly intervals from puberty to menopause.
Mensuration	measuring.
Mensuration	measuring of lengths, areas, and volumes.
Menswear	Clothes for men.
-ment	forming nouns expressing the means or result of verbal action
-ment	forming nouns from adjectives
Mental	of, in, or done by the mind.
Mental	caring for mental patients.
Mental	Insane.
Mental age	Degree of mental development in terms of the average age at which such development is attained.
Mental block	Inability due to subconscious mental factors.
Mental deficiency	Abnormally low intelligence.
Mentality	mental character or disposition; kind or degree of intelligence.
Mental patient	Sufferer from mental illness.
Mental reservation	Silent qualification made while seeming to agree.
Menthol	Mint-tasting organic alcohol found in oil of peppermint etc., used as a flavouring and to relieve local pain.
Mentholated	Treated with or containing menthol.
Mention	refer to briefly or by name.
Mention	reveal or disclose
Mention	award a minor military honour to in war.
Mention	reference, esp. By name.
Mention	minor military or other honour.
Mentor	Experienced and trusted adviser.
Menu	list of dishes available in a restaurant etc., or to be served at a meal.
Menu	computing list of options displayed on a vdu.
Mep	Member of the european parliament.
Mephistophelean	Fiendish.
Mercantile	of trade, trading.
Mercantile	commercial.
Mercantile marine	Merchant shipping.
Mercator projection	map of the world projected on to a cylinder so that all the parallels of latitude have the same length as the equator.
Mercenary	Primarily concerned with or working for money etc.
Mercenary	hired soldier in foreign service.
Mercer	Dealer in textile fabrics.
Mercerize	treat
Mercerize	with caustic alkali to strengthen and make lustrous.
Merchandise	Goods for sale.
Merchandise	trade, traffic
Merchandise	advertise or promote
Merchant	wholesale trader, esp. With foreign countries.
Merchant	esp. Us
Merchant	scot. Retail trader.
Merchant	Usu. Derog. Person devoted to a specified activity etc.
Merchantable	Saleable, marketable.
Merchant bank	Bank dealing in commercial loans and finance.
Merchantman	merchant ship.
Merchant navy	Nation's commercial shipping.
Merchant ship	Ship carrying merchandise.
Merciful	Showing mercy.
Mercifully	in a merciful manner.
Mercifully	fortunately
Merciless	Showing no mercy.
Mercurial	volatile.
Mercurial	of or containing mercury.
Mercury	silvery heavy liquid metallic element used in barometers, thermometers, etc.
Mercury	planet nearest to the sun.
Mercury	Mercurous
Mercy	compassion or forbearance towards defeated enemies or offenders or as a quality.
Mercy	act of mercy.
Mercy	Done out of compassion
Mercy	thing to be thankful for
Mercy	Expressing surprise or fear.
Mercy	in the power of.
Mercy	liable to danger or harm from. Have mercy on
Mercy	show mercy to.
Mere1	being solely or only what is specified
Mere2	Dial. Or poet. Lake.
Mere2	Dial. Or poet. Lake.
Meretricious	Showily but falsely attractive.
Merganser	a diving duck.
Merge	a combine.
Merge	join or blend gradually.
Merge	lose character and identity in
Merger	Combining, esp. Of two commercial companies etc. Into one.
Meridian	a circle of constant longitude, passing through a given place and the terrestrial poles.
Meridian	corresponding line on a map.
Meridian	(often
Meridian	) Prime; full splendour.
Meridional	of or in the south
Meridional	of a meridian.
Meringue	sugar, whipped egg-whites, etc., baked crisp.
Meringue	small cake of this, esp. Filled with whipped cream.
Merino	variety of sheep with long fine wool.
Merino	soft cashmere-like material, orig. Of merino wool.
Merino	fine woollen yarn.
Merit	quality of deserving well.
Merit	excellence, worth.
Merit	(usu. In
Merit	thing that entitles one to reward or gratitude.
Merit	intrinsic rights and wrongs
Merit	deserve.
Meritocracy	government by those selected for merit.
Meritocracy	group selected in this way.
Meritocracy	society governed thus.
Meritorious	Praiseworthy.
Merlin	Small falcon.
Mermaid	Legendary creature with a woman's head and trunk and a fish's tail.
Merry	a joyous.
Merry	full of laughter or gaiety.
Merry	Slightly drunk.
Merry	Merriment
Merry	Merriness
Merry-go-round	a fairground ride with revolving model horses or cars.
Merry-go-round	cycle of bustling activity.
Merrymaking	Festivity, fun.
Mésalliance	Marriage with a social inferior.
Mescal	Peyote cactus.
Mescal buttons	pl. Disc-shaped dried tops from the mescal, esp. As an intoxicant.
Mescaline	hallucinogenic alkaloid present in mescal buttons.
Mesdames	Of *madame.
Mesdemoiselles	Of *mademoiselle.
Mesembryanthemum	S. African fleshy-leaved plant with bright daisy-like flowers that open fully in sunlight.
Mesh	network fabric or structure.
Mesh	each of the open spaces in a net or sieve etc.
Mesh	(in
Mesh	network.
Mesh	snare.
Mesh	be engaged.
Mesh	be harmonious.
Mesh	catch in a net.
Mesmerize	hypnotize.
Mesmerize	fascinate, spellbind.
Mesmerize	Mesmerizingly
Meso-	Form middle, intermediate.
Mesolithic	Of the part of the stone age between the palaeolithic and neolithic periods.
Mesomorph	Person with a compact muscular body.
Meson	Elementary particle believed to help hold nucleons together in the atomic nucleus.
Mesosphere	Region of the atmosphere from the top of the stratosphere to an altitude of about
Mesosphere	0 km.
Mesozoic	Of the geological era marked by the development of dinosaurs, and the first mammals, birds, and flowering plants.
Mesozoic	This era.
Mess	dirty or untidy state of things.
Mess	state of confusion, embarrassment, or trouble.
Mess	something spilt etc.
Mess	disagreeable concoction.
Mess	a soldiers etc. Dining together.
Mess	army dining-hall.
Mess	meal taken there.
Mess	domestic animal's excreta.
Mess	portion of liquid or pulpy food.
Mess	make a mess of; dirty; muddle.
Message	communication sent by one person to another.
Message	exalted or spiritual communication.
Message	(in
Message	) Scot., ir., &
Message	engl. Shopping.
Message	Understand
Messeigneurs	Of *monseigneur.
Messenger	Person who carries a message.
Messiah	a promised deliverer of the jews.
Messiah	christ regarded as this.
Messiah	liberator of an oppressed people.
Messianic	of the messiah.
Messianic	inspired by hope or belief in a messiah.
Messieurs	Of *monsieur.
Mess kit	Soldier's cooking and eating utensils.
Messrs	Of *mr.
Messy	untidy or dirty.
Messy	causing or accompanied by a mess.
Messy	difficult to deal with; awkward.
Messy	Messiness
Met2	meteorological.
Met2	metropolitan.
Met2	meteorological office.
Met2	metropolitan police in london.
Meta-	Form
Meta-	denoting change of position or condition
Meta-	denoting position: a behind, after, or beyond
Meta-	of a higher or second-order kind
Metabolism	All the chemical processes in a living organism producing energy and growth.
Metabolite	Substance formed in or necessary for metabolism.
Metabolize	process or be processed by metabolism.
Metacarpus	part of the hand between the wrist and the fingers.
Metacarpus	set of five bones in this.
Metal	a any of a class of workable elements such as gold, silver, iron, or tin, usu. Good conductors of heat and electricity and forming basic oxides.
Metal	alloy of any of these.
Metal	molten material for making glass.
Metal	(in
Metal	) Rails of a railway line.
Metal	Made of metal.
Metal	make or mend
Metal	with road-metal.
Metal	cover or fit with metal.
Metalanguage	form of language used to discuss language.
Metalanguage	system of propositions about propositions.
Metal detector	Electronic device for locating esp. Buried metal.
Metallic	of or like metal or metals
Metallic	sounding like struck metal.
Metallic	shiny
Metalliferous	containing metal.
Metallize	render metallic.
Metallize	coat with a thin layer of metal.
Metallography	Descriptive science of metals.
Metalloid	Element intermediate in properties between metals and non-metals, e.g. Boron, silicon, and germanium.
Metallurgy	science of metals and their application.
Metallurgy	extraction and purification of metals.
Metallurgy	Metallurgical
Metallurgy	Metallurgist
Metalwork	art of working in metal.
Metalwork	metal objects collectively.
Metamorphic	of metamorphosis.
Metamorphic	transformed naturally, e.g. By heat or pressure.
Metamorphose	change in form or nature.
Metamorphosis	change of form, esp. From a pupa to an insect etc.
Metamorphosis	change of character, conditions, etc.
Metaphor	application of a name or description to something to which it is not literally applicable (e.g.
Metaphor	glaring error).
Metaphor	instance of this.
Metaphor	Metaphorical
Metaphor	Metaphorically
Metaphysic	System of metaphysics.
Metaphysical	of metaphysics.
Metaphysical	Excessively abstract or theoretical.
Metaphysical	(of esp.
Metaphysical	7th-c. English poetry) subtle and complex in imagery.
Metaphysics	pl.
Metaphysics	branch of philosophy dealing with the nature of existence, truth, and knowledge.
Metaphysics	Abstract talk; mere theory.
Metastasis	transference of a bodily function, disease, etc., from one part or organ to another.
Metatarsus	part of the foot between the ankle and the toes.
Metatarsus	set of five bones in this.
Mete	literary apportion or allot
Meteor	small solid body from outer space that becomes incandescent when entering the earth's atmosphere.
Meteor	streak of light from a meteor.
Meteoric	rapid; dazzling
Meteoric	of meteors.
Meteorite	Fallen meteor, or fragment of natural rock or metal from outer space.
Meteoroid	Small body that becomes visible as it passes through the earth's atmosphere as a meteor.
Meteorology	The study of atmospheric phenomena, esp. For forecasting the weather.
Meteorology	Meteorologist
Meter1	instrument that measures or records, esp. Gas, electricity, etc. Used, distance travelled, etc.
Meter1	Measure or record by meter.
Meter1	metric unit and the base si unit of linear measure, equal to about
Meter1	9.4 inches.
Meter2	a poetic rhythm, esp. As determined by the number and length of feet in a line.
Meter2	metrical group or measure.
Meter2	basic rhythm of music.
-meter	Form
-meter	forming nouns denoting measuring instruments
-meter	forming nouns denoting lines of poetry with a specified number of measures
Methadone	Narcotic analgesic drug used esp. As a substitute for morphine or heroin.
Methane	Colourless odourless inflammable gaseous hydrocarbon, the main constituent of natural gas.
Methanol	Colourless volatile inflammable liquid hydrocarbon, used as a solvent.
Methinks	it seems to me.
Method	way of doing something; systematic procedure.
Method	orderliness; regular habits.
Methodical	Characterized by method or order.
Methodist	Member of a protestant denomination originating in the
Methodist	8th-c. Wesleyan evangelistic movement.
Methodist	Of methodists or methodism.
Methodology	body of methods used in a particular activity.
Methodology	science of method.
Methodology	Methodologically
Meths	Methylated spirit.
Methyl	Univalent hydrocarbon radical ch3, present in many organic compounds.
Methylate	mix or impregnate with methanol.
Methylate	introduce a methyl group into
Methylated spirit	(also methylated spirits
Methylated spirit	pl.) Alcohol treated to make it unfit for drinking and exempt from duty.
Meticulous	giving great attention to detail.
Meticulous	very careful and precise.
Meticulous	Meticulousness
Métier	one's trade, profession, or field of activity.
Métier	one's forte.
Metonymy	Substitution of the name of an attribute or adjunct for that of the thing meant
Metre1	metric unit and the base si unit of linear measure, equal to about
Metre1	9.4 inches.
Metre2	a poetic rhythm, esp. As determined by the number and length of feet in a line.
Metre2	metrical group or measure.
Metre2	basic rhythm of music.
Metre-kilogram-second	Denoting a system of measure using the metre, kilogram, and second.
Metric	Of or based on the metre.
-metric	Form
-metric	forming adjectives corresponding to nouns in -meter and -metry
Metrical	of or composed in metre
Metrical	of or involving measurement
Metricate	convert to a metric system.
Metric system	Decimal measuring system with the metre, litre, and gram
Metric system	as units of length, volume, and mass.
Metric ton	,000 kilograms
Metro	underground railway system, esp. In paris.
Metronome	Device ticking at a selected rate to mark time for musicians.
Metropolis	Chief city, capital.
Metropolitan	of a metropolis.
Metropolitan	of or forming a mother country as distinct from its colonies etc.
Metropolitan	bishop having authority over the bishops of a province.
Metropolitan	inhabitant of a metropolis.
-metry	Form forming nouns denoting procedures and systems involving measurement
Mettle	quality or strength of character.
Mettle	spirit, courage.
Mev	Mega-electronvolt
Mew1	Characteristic cry of a cat, gull, etc.
Mew1	Utter this sound.
Mew2	Gull, esp. The common gull.
Mewl	whimper.
Mewl	mew like a cat.
Mews	Stabling round a yard etc., now used esp. For housing.
Mexican	native or national of mexico.
Mexican	person of mexican descent.
Mexican	Of mexico or its people.
Methyl	Univalent hydrocarbon radical ch3, present in many organic compounds.
Methylate	mix or impregnate with methanol.
Methylate	introduce a methyl group into
Methylated spirit	(also methylated spirits
Methylated spirit	pl.) Alcohol treated to make it unfit for drinking and exempt from duty.
Meticulous	giving great attention to detail.
Meticulous	very careful and precise.
Meticulous	Meticulousness
Métier	one's trade, profession, or field of activity.
Métier	one's forte.
Metonymy	Substitution of the name of an attribute or adjunct for that of the thing meant
Metre1	metric unit and the base si unit of linear measure, equal to about
Metre1	9.4 inches.
Metre2	a poetic rhythm, esp. As determined by the number and length of feet in a line.
Metre2	metrical group or measure.
Metre2	basic rhythm of music.
Metre-kilogram-second	Denoting a system of measure using the metre, kilogram, and second.
Metric	Of or based on the metre.
-metric	Form
-metric	forming adjectives corresponding to nouns in -meter and -metry
Metrical	of or composed in metre
Metrical	of or involving measurement
Metricate	convert to a metric system.
Metric system	Decimal measuring system with the metre, litre, and gram
Metric system	as units of length, volume, and mass.
Metric ton	,000 kilograms
Metro	underground railway system, esp. In paris.
Metronome	Device ticking at a selected rate to mark time for musicians.
Metropolis	Chief city, capital.
Metropolitan	of a metropolis.
Metropolitan	of or forming a mother country as distinct from its colonies etc.
Metropolitan	bishop having authority over the bishops of a province.
Metropolitan	inhabitant of a metropolis.
-metry	Form forming nouns denoting procedures and systems involving measurement
Mettle	quality or strength of character.
Mettle	spirit, courage.
Mev	Mega-electronvolt
Mew1	Characteristic cry of a cat, gull, etc.
Mew1	Utter this sound.
Mew2	Gull, esp. The common gull.
Mewl	whimper.
Mewl	mew like a cat.
Mews	Stabling round a yard etc., now used esp. For housing.
Mexican	native or national of mexico.
Mexican	person of mexican descent.
Mexican	Of mexico or its people.
Mezzanine	Storey between two others
Mezzo	Half, moderately.
Mezzo	female singing-voice between soprano and contralto.
Mezzo	singer with this voice.
Mezzo forte	Fairly loud
Mezzo piano	Fairly soft
Mezzotint	method of printing or engraving in which a plate is roughened by scraping to produce tones and halftones.
Mezzotint	print so produced.
Mf	Mezzo forte.
Mg	Magnesium.
Mg	Milligram
Mgr.	manager.
Mgr.	monseigneur.
Mgr.	monsignor.
Mhz	Megahertz.
M.i.5	Uk department of military intelligence concerned with state security.
Miaow	Characteristic cry of a cat.
Miaow	Make this cry.
Miasma	infectious or noxious vapour.
Mica	Silicate mineral found as glittering scales in granite etc. Or in crystals separable into thin transparent plates.
Mice	Of *mouse.
Michaelmas	Feast of st michael,
Michaelmas	9 september.
Michaelmas daisy	Autumn-flowering aster.
Mick	offens. Irishman.
Mickey	tease, mock, ridicule.
Mickey finn	drugged drink intended to make the victim unconscious.
Mickle	or scot. Large amount.
Micro-	Form
Micro-	small
Micro-	denoting a factor of one millionth
Microbe	Micro-organism (esp.
Microbe	bacterium causing disease or fermentation).
Microbe	Microbic
Microbiology	The study of micro-organisms.
Microchip	Small piece of semiconductor
Microchip	used to carry integrated circuits.
Microcircuit	Integrated circuit on a microchip.
Microclimate	Small localized climate, e.g. Inside a greenhouse.
Microcomputer	Small computer with a microprocessor as its central processor.
Microcosm	miniature representation, e.g. Mankind or a community seen as a small-scale model of the universe; epitome.
Microdot	Microphotograph of a document etc. Reduced to the size of a dot.
Micro-electronics	Design, manufacture, and use of microchips and microcircuits.
Microfiche	small flat piece of film bearing microphotographs of documents etc.
Microfilm	Length of film bearing microphotographs of documents etc.
Microfilm	Photograph on microfilm.
Microlight	kind of motorized hang-glider.
Micromesh	(often
Micromesh	) Fine-meshed material, esp. Nylon.
Micrometer	Gauge for accurate small-scale measurement.
Micron	One-millionth of a metre.
Micro-organism	Microscopic organism, e.g. Bacteria, protozoa, and viruses.
Microphone	Instrument for converting sound waves into electrical energy for reconversion into sound after transmission or recording.
Microphotograph	Photograph reduced to a very small size.
Microprocessor	Integrated circuit containing all the functions of a computer's central processing unit.
Microscope	Instrument with lenses for magnifying objects or details invisible to the naked eye.
Microscopic	visible only with a microscope.
Microscopic	extremely small.
Microscopic	of or by means of a microscope.
Microscopy	Use of microscopes.
Microsecond	One-millionth of a second.
Microsurgery	Intricate surgery using microscopes.
Microwave	electromagnetic wave with a wavelength in the range
Microwave	.001–0.3m.
Microwave	oven using microwaves to cook or heat food quickly.
Microwave	cook in a microwave oven.
Micturition	Formal urination.
Mid	(usu. In
Mid	) The middle of
Midday	(often
Midday	) Middle of the day; noon.
Midden	dunghill.
Midden	refuse heap.
Middle	at an equal distance, time, or number from extremities; central.
Middle	intermediate in rank, quality, etc.
Middle	average
Middle	middle point, position, or part.
Middle	waist.
Middle	in the process of.
Middle	during.
Middle age	Period between youth and old age.
Middle ages	period of european history from c.1000 to
Middle ages	453.
Middle-age spread	increased bodily girth at middle age.
Middlebrow	Having or appealing to non-intellectual or conventional tastes.
Middlebrow	Middlebrow person.
Middle c	near the middle of the piano keyboard,
Middle c	the note between the treble and bass staves.
Middle class	Social class between the upper and the lower, including professional and business workers.
Middle distance	part between the foreground and the background.
Middle distance	athletics race distance of esp.
Middle distance	00 or
Middle distance	00 metres.
Middle ear	Cavity behind the eardrum.
Middle east	area covered by countries from egypt to iran inclusive.
Middle english	English language from c.1150 to
Middle english	500.
Middle game	Central phase of a chess game.
Middleman	trader who handles a commodity between producer and consumer.
Middleman	intermediary.
Middle name	name between first name and surname.
Middle name	Person's most characteristic quality
Middle-of-the-road	moderate; avoiding extremes.
Middle-of-the-road	of general appeal.
Middle school	School for children from about
Middle school	3 years.
Middle-sized	Of medium size.
Middleweight	weight in certain sports between welterweight and light heavyweight, in amateur boxing
Middleweight	1–5 kg.
Middleweight	sportsman of this weight.
Middling	Moderately good.
Middling	Fairly, moderately.
Midfield	Football central part of the pitch, away from the goals.
Midge	Gnatlike insect.
Midget	extremely small person or thing.
Midget	Very small.
Midi	an interface allowing electronic musical instruments, synthesizers, and computers to be interconnected and used simultaneously.
Midi system	Set of compact stacking components of hi-fi equipment.
Midland	inland counties of central england.
Midland	middle part of a country.
Midland	Of or in the midland or midlands.
Mid-life	Middle age.
Mid-life crisis	Crisis of self-confidence in early middle age.
Midnight	Middle of the night;
Midnight	2 o'clock at night.
Midnight blue	(as
Midnight blue	Often hyphenated) very dark blue.
Midnight sun	Sun visible at midnight during the summer in polar regions.
Mid-off	Cricket position of the fielder near the bowler on the off side.
Mid-on	Cricket position of the fielder near the bowler on the on side.
Midriff	Front of the body just above the waist.
Midshipman	Naval officer ranking next above a cadet.
Midst	Poet. Amidst.
Midst	Middle.
Midstream	Middle of a stream etc.
Midstream	in the middle of an action etc.
Midsummer	Period of or near the summer solstice, about
Midsummer	1 june.
Midsummer day	4 june.
Midsummer madness	Extreme folly.
Midway	In or towards the middle of the distance between two points.
Midwest	Region of the us adjoining the northern mississippi.
Midwicket	Cricket position of a fielder on the leg side opposite the middle of the pitch.
Midwife	Person trained to assist at childbirth.
Midwinter	Period of or near the winter solstice, about
Midwinter	2 dec.
Mien	Literary person's look or bearing.
Miff	(usu. As miffed
Miff	) Offend.
Might2	Strength, power.
Might-have-been	past possibility that no longer applies.
Might-have-been	person of unfulfilled promise.
Mightn't	Might not.
Mighty	powerful, strong.
Mighty	massive, bulky.
Mighty	Great, considerable.
Mighty	Very
Mighty	Mightiness
Mignonette	Plant with fragrant grey-green flowers.
Migraine	Recurrent throbbing headache often with nausea and visual disturbance.
Migrant	Migrating.
Migrant	Migrant person or animal, esp.
Migrant	bird.
Migrate	move from one place and settle in another, esp. Abroad.
Migrate	change its habitation seasonally.
Migrate	move under natural forces.
Migrate	Migrator
Migrate	Migratory
Mikado	hist. Emperor of japan.
Mike	Microphone.
Mil	One-thousandth of an inch, as a unit of measure for the diameter of wire etc.
Milady	english noblewoman.
Milch	Giving milk.
Milch cow	Source of easy profit.
Mild	gentle and conciliatory.
Mild	not severe or harsh.
Mild	moderately warm.
Mild	Not sharp or strong.
Mild	tame, feeble; lacking vivacity.
Mild	Dark mild draught beer
Mild	Mildness
Mildew	destructive growth of minute fungi on plants.
Mildew	similar growth on damp paper, leather, etc.
Mildew	Taint or be tainted with mildew.
Mildly	In a mild fashion.
Mild steel	Strong and tough steel not readily tempered.
Mile	unit of linear measure equal to
Mile	,760 yards (approx.
Mile	.6 kilometres).
Mile	(in
Mile	Great distance or amount
Mile	race extending over a mile.
Mileage	number of miles travelled, esp. By a vehicle per unit of fuel.
Mileage	Profit, advantage.
Miler	Person or horse specializing in races of one mile.
Milestone	stone beside a road marking a distance in miles.
Milestone	significant event or point in a life, history, project, etc.
Milfoil	Common yarrow with small white flowers.
Milieu	person's environment or social surroundings.
Militant	combative; aggressively active in support of a cause.
Militant	engaged in warfare.
Militant	Militant person.
Militant	Militantly
Militarism	aggressively military policy etc.
Militarism	military spirit.
Militarism	Militaristic
Militarize	equip with military resources.
Militarize	make military or warlike.
Militarize	imbue with militarism.
Military	Of or characteristic of soldiers or armed forces.
Military	(as sing. Or
Military	; prec. By the) the army.
Military honours	pl. Burial rites of a soldier, royalty, etc., performed by the military.
Military police	(as
Military police	) Army police force disciplining soldiers.
Militate	have force or effect; tell.
Militia	Military force, esp. One conscripted in an emergency.
Milk	opaque white fluid secreted by female mammals for the nourishment of their young.
Milk	milk of cows, goats, or sheep as food.
Milk	milklike juice of the coconut etc.
Milk	draw milk from
Milk	exploit
Milk	to the utmost.
Milk and honey	Abundance; prosperity.
Milk and water	Feeble or insipid writing, speech, etc.
Milk chocolate	Chocolate made with milk.
Milk float	Small usu. Electric vehicle used in delivering milk.
Milkmaid	Girl or woman who milks cows or works in a dairy.
Milkman	Person who sells or delivers milk.
Milk of magnesia	Propr. White suspension of magnesium hydroxide usu. In water, taken as an antacid or laxative.
Milk-powder	Dehydrated milk.
Milk pudding	Pudding, esp. Of rice, baked with milk.
Milk round	fixed route for milk delivery.
Milk round	regular trip with calls at several places.
Milk run	Routine expedition etc.
Milk shake	Drink of whisked milk, flavouring, etc.
Milksop	Weak or timid man or youth.
Milk tooth	Temporary tooth in young mammals.
Milky	of, like, or mixed with milk.
Milky	cloudy; not clear.
Milky way	Luminous band of stars; the galaxy.
Mill	a building fitted with a mechanical device for grinding corn.
Mill	such a device.
Mill	device for grinding any solid to powder etc.
Mill	a building fitted with machinery for manufacturing processes etc.
Mill	such machinery.
Mill	grind
Mill	, produce
Mill	, or hull
Mill	in a mill.
Mill	(esp. As milled
Mill	) Produce a ribbed edge on
Mill	cut or shape
Mill	with a rotating tool.
Mill	move aimlessly, esp. In a confused mass.
Millefeuille	Rich cake of puff pastry split and filled with jam, cream, etc.
Millennium	period of
Millennium	,000 years, esp. That of christ's prophesied reign on earth (rev.
Millennium	0:1–5).
Millennium	period of happiness and prosperity.
Miller	proprietor or tenant of a mill, esp.
Miller	corn-mill.
Miller	person operating a milling machine.
Miller's thumb	Small spiny freshwater fish.
Millesimal	thousandth.
Millesimal	of, belonging to, or dealing with, a thousandth or thousandths.
Millesimal	Thousandth part.
Millet	cereal plant bearing small nutritious seeds.
Millet	seed of this.
Millet-grass	Tall woodland grass.
Milli-	Form thousand, esp. Denoting a factor of one thousandth.
Milliard	One thousand million.
Millibar	Unit of atmospheric pressure equivalent to
Millibar	00 pascals.
Milligram	one-thousandth of a
Milliliter	one-thousandth of a litre
Millilitre	one-thousandth of a litre
Millimeter	one-thousandth of a metre
Millimetre	one-thousandth of a metre
Milliner	Person who makes or sells women's hats.
Million	(pl. Same or (in sense
Million	) -s)
Million	thousand thousand.
Million	(in
Million	Very large number.
Million	million pounds or dollars.
Millionaire	person who has over a million pounds, dollars, etc.
Millipede	small crawling invertebrate with a long segmented body with two pairs of legs on each segment.
Millisecond	One-thousandth of a second.
Millpond	Pool of water retained by a dam for operating a mill-wheel.
Mill-race	Current of water that drives a mill-wheel.
Millstone	each of two circular stones for grinding corn.
Millstone	heavy burden or responsibility.
Mill-wheel	Wheel used to drive a water-mill.
Millworker	Factory worker.
Millwright	Person who designs or builds mills.
Milometer	Instrument for measuring the number of miles travelled by a vehicle.
Milord	english nobleman.
Milt	spleen in mammals.
Milt	sperm-filled reproductive gland or the sperm of a male fish.
Mime	acting without words, using only gestures.
Mime	performance using mime.
Mime	mime actor.
Mime	Convey by mime.
Mime	mouth words etc. In time with a soundtrack
Mimeograph	machine which duplicates from a stencil.
Mimeograph	copy so produced.
Mimeograph	Reproduce by this process.
Mimetic	Of or practising imitation or mimicry.
Mimic	imitate
Mimic	Esp. To entertain or ridicule.
Mimic	copy minutely or servilely.
Mimic	resemble closely.
Mimic	Person skilled in imitation.
Mimosa	shrub with globular usu. Yellow flowers.
Mimosa	acacia plant with showy yellow flowers.
Min.	minister.
Min.	ministry.
Min.	minute
Min.	minimum.
Min.	minim
Minaret	Slender turret next to a mosque, from which the muezzin calls at hours of prayer.
Minatory	Formal threatening, menacing.
Mince	cut up or grind
Mince	finely.
Mince	(usu. As mincing
Mince	) Speak or esp. Walk effeminately or affectedly.
Mince	Minced meat.
Mince	Speak evasively or unduly mildly.
Mincemeat	Mixture of currants, sugar, spices, suet, etc.
Mince pie	Pie containing mincemeat.
Mind	a seat of consciousness, thought, volition, and feeling.
Mind	attention, concentration
Mind	intellect.
Mind	memory
Mind	opinion
Mind	way of thinking or feeling
Mind	focussed will
Mind	sanity
Mind	person in regard to mental faculties
Mind-blowing	mind-boggling; overwhelming.
Mind-blowing	Inducing hallucinations.
Mind-boggling	Unbelievable, startling.
Minded	(in
Minded	inclined to think in some specified way, or with a specified interest
Minded	having a specified kind of mind
Minded	Disposed or inclined.
Minder	(often in
Minder	) Person employed to look after a person or thing
Minder	bodyguard.
Mindful	taking heed or care; giving thought
Mindless	lacking intelligence; brutish
Mindless	not requiring thought or skill
Mindless	heedless of
Mindless	Mindlessness
Mind-read	Discern the thoughts of
Mine1	The one
Mine1	of or belonging to me
Mine2	excavation to extract metal, coal, salt, etc.
Mine2	abundant source
Mine2	military explosive device placed in the ground or in the water.
Mine2	obtain
Mine2	From a mine.
Mine2	dig in
Mine2	For ore etc. Or to tunnel.
Mine2	lay explosive mines under or in.
Minefield	area planted with explosive mines.
Minefield	Hazardous subject or situation.
Minelayer	Ship or aircraft for laying explosive mines.
Miner	Person who works in a mine.
Mineral	(often
Mineral	inorganic substance.
Mineral	substance obtained by mining.
Mineral	(often in
Mineral	)  Artificial mineral water or similar carbonated drink.
Mineralize	impregnate
Mineralize	With a mineral substance.
Mineralogy	The study of minerals.
Mineralogy	Mineralogist
Mineral water	natural water often containing dissolved salts.
Mineral water	artificial imitation of this, esp. Soda water.
Minestrone	Soup containing vegetables and pasta, beans, or rice.
Minesweeper	Ship for clearing explosive mines from the sea.
Mineworker	Miner.
Ming	(often
Ming	) Chinese porcelain made during the ming dynasty
Mingle	mix, blend.
Mingle	mix socially.
Mingy	Mean, stingy.
Mini	Miniskirt.
Mini	propr. Make of small car.
Mini-	Form miniature; small of its kind
Mini-	Form miniature; small of its kind
Miniature	much smaller than normal.
Miniature	represented on a small scale.
Miniature	any miniature object.
Miniature	detailed small-scale portrait.
Miniature	this genre.
Miniature	(in senses
Miniature	and
Miniaturize	produce in a smaller version; make small.
Minibus	Small bus for about twelve passengers.
Minicab	Car used as a taxi, hireable only by telephone.
Minicomputer	Computer of medium power.
Minim	Note equal to two crotchets or half a semibreve.
Minim	one-sixtieth of a fluid drachm, about a drop.
Minima	Of *minimum.
Minimal	very minute or slight.
Minimal	being a minimum.
Minimalism	art use of simple or primary forms, often geometric and massive.
Minimalism	Repetition of short phrases incorporating changes very gradually.
Minimize	reduce to, or estimate at, the smallest possible amount or degree.
Minimize	estimate or represent at less than true value or importance.
Minimum	Least possible or attainable amount
Minimum	That is a minimum.
Minimum wage	Lowest wage permitted by law or agreement.
Minion	Derog. Servile subordinate.
Minipill	Contraceptive pill containing a progestogen only
Miniseries	short series of related television programmes.
Miniskirt	Very short skirt.
Minister	head of a government department.
Minister	clergyman, esp. In the presbyterian and nonconformist churches.
Minister	diplomat, usu. Ranking below an ambassador.
Minister	help, serve, look after
Minister of state	Government minister, esp. Holding a rank below that of head of department.
Minister of the crown	Parl. Member of the cabinet.
Minister without portfolio	Government minister not in charge of a specific department of state.
Ministration	(usu. In
Ministration	) Help or service
Ministration	ministering, esp. In religious matters.
Ministration	supplying of help, justice, etc.
Ministry	a government department headed by a minister.
Ministry	building for this.
Ministry	vocation, office, or profession of a religious minister.
Ministry	period of tenure of this.
Ministry	body of ministers of a government or religion.
Ministry	period of government under one prime minister.
Ministry	ministering, ministration.
Mink	small semi-aquatic stoatlike animal bred for its thick brown fur.
Mink	this fur.
Mink	coat of this.
Minnow	Small freshwater carp.
Minoan	Of the bronze age civilization centred on crete
Minoan	Person of this civilization.
Minor	lesser or comparatively small in size or importance
Minor	having intervals of a semitone above its second, fifth, and seventh notes.
Minor	less by a semitone than a major interval.
Minor	based on a minor scale.
Minor	person under full legal age.
Minor	us student's subsidiary subject or course.
Minor	us study
Minor	as a subsidiary.
Minority	smaller number or part, esp. In politics.
Minority	state of having less than half the votes or support
Minority	small group of people differing from others in race, religion, language, etc.
Minority	Of or done by the minority
Minority	a being under full legal age.
Minster	large or important church.
Minster	church of a monastery.
Minstrel	medieval singer or musician.
Minstrel	(usu. In
Minstrel	) Entertainer with a blacked face singing ostensibly black songs in a group.
Mint1	aromatic herb used in cooking.
Mint1	peppermint.
Mint1	peppermint sweet.
Mint2	establishment where money is coined.
Mint2	Vast sum
Mint2	make
Mint2	by stamping metal.
Mint2	invent, coin
Minuet	slow stately dance for two in triple time.
Minuet	music for this, often as a movement in a suite etc.
Minuet	dance a minuet.
Minus	with the subtraction of (7 minus
Minus	equals
Minus	below zero (minus
Minus	°).
Minus	Lacking
Minus	math. Negative.
Minus	electronics having a negative charge.
Minus	math. Negative quantity.
Minus	Disadvantage.
Minuscule	Extremely small or unimportant.
Minus sign	The symbol –, indicating subtraction or a negative value.
Minute1	sixtieth part of an hour.
Minute1	distance covered in one minute
Minute1	a moment
Minute1	Present time
Minute1	as soon as
Minute1	sixtieth part of an angular degree.
Minute1	(in
Minute1	) Summary of the proceedings of a meeting.
Minute1	official memorandum authorizing or recommending a course of action.
Minute1	record in minutes.
Minute1	send the minutes of a meeting to.
Minute2	very small.
Minute2	accurate, detailed.
Minute steak	Thin quickly-cooked slice of steak.
Minutiae	pl. Very small, precise, or minor details.
Minx	Pert, sly, or playful girl.
Miracle	extraordinary, supposedly supernatural, event.
Miracle	remarkable occurrence or development
Miracle	remarkable specimen
Miracle play	Medieval play on biblical themes.
Miraculous	being a miracle.
Miraculous	supernatural.
Miraculous	remarkable, surprising.
Mirage	optical illusion caused by atmospheric conditions, esp. The appearance of a pool of water in a desert etc. From the reflection of light.
Mirage	illusory thing.
Miras	Mortgage interest relief at source.
Mire	area of swampy ground.
Mire	mud, dirt.
Mire	plunge or sink in a mire.
Mire	involve in difficulties.
Mire	bespatter; besmirch.
Mirror	polished surface, usu. Of coated glass, reflecting an image.
Mirror	anything reflecting or illuminating a state of affairs etc.
Mirror	Reflect in or as in a mirror.
Mirror image	Identical image or reflection with left and right reversed.
Mirth	Merriment, laughter.
Mis-1 	added to verbs and verbal derivatives: meaning ‘amiss’, ‘badly’, ‘wrongly’, ‘unfavourably’
Mis-2 	occurring in some verbs, nouns, and adjectives meaning ‘badly’, ‘wrongly’, ‘amiss’, ‘ill-’, or having a negative force
Misadventure	law accident without crime or negligence
Misadventure	bad luck.
Misadventure	a misfortune.
Misalliance	Unsuitable alliance, esp.
Misalliance	marriage.
Misanthrope	person who hates mankind.
Misanthrope	person who avoids human society.
Misanthrope	Misanthropically
Misanthropy	Condition or habits of a misanthrope.
Misapply	apply
Misapply	wrongly.
Misapprehend	Misunderstand
Misappropriate	take
Misappropriate	For one's own use; embezzle.
Misbegotten	illegitimate, bastard.
Misbegotten	contemptible, disreputable.
Misbehave	refl.
Misbehave	behave badly.
Misc.	Miscellaneous.
Miscalculate	calculate wrongly.
Miscarriage	Spontaneous premature expulsion of a foetus from the womb.
Miscarriage of justice	Failure of the judicial system to attain justice.
Miscarry	have a miscarriage.
Miscarry	Fail.
Miscast	(past and
Miscast	-cast) allot an unsuitable part to
Miscast	or unsuitable actors to
Miscegenation	Interbreeding of races, esp. Of whites and non-whites.
Miscellaneous	of mixed composition or character.
Miscellaneous	of various kinds.
Miscellany	mixture, medley.
Miscellany	book containing various literary compositions.
Mischance	bad luck.
Mischance	instance of this.
Mischief	troublesome, but not malicious, conduct, esp. Of children
Mischief	playfulness; malice
Mischief	harm, injury
Mischievous	disposed to mischief.
Mischievous	playful; malicious.
Mischievous	harmful.
Mischievous	Mischievousness
Miscible	Capable of being mixed.
Misconceive	have a wrong idea or conception.
Misconceive	(as misconceived
Misconceive	) Badly planned, organized, etc.
Misconduct	Improper or unprofessional behaviour.
Misconstrue	interpret wrongly.
Miscopy	copy inaccurately.
Miscount	Count inaccurately.
Miscount	Inaccurate count.
Miscreant	Vile wretch, villain.
Misdeed	Evil deed, wrongdoing, crime.
Misdemeanor	misdeed.
Misdemeanor	hist indictable offence less serious than a felony.
Misdemeanour	misdeed.
Misdemeanour	hist indictable offence less serious than a felony.
Misdiagnose	diagnose incorrectly.
Misdial	dial
Misdial	Incorrectly.
Misdirect	Direct wrongly.
Misdoing	Misdeed.
Miser	person who hoards wealth and lives miserably.
Miser	avaricious person.
Miserable	wretchedly unhappy or uncomfortable.
Miserable	contemptible, mean.
Miserable	causing wretchedness or discomfort
Miserable	Miserably
Misericord	Projection under a choir stall seat serving
Misericord	to support a person standing.
Misery	condition or feeling of wretchedness.
Misery	cause of this.
Misery	Constantly depressed or discontented person.
Misfield	Field
Misfield	badly.
Misfield	Instance of this.
Misfire	Fail to go off or start or function smoothly.
Misfire	Fail to have the intended effect.
Misfire	Such failure.
Misfit	person unsuited to an environment, occupation, etc.
Misfit	garment etc. That does not fit.
Misfortune	bad luck.
Misfortune	instance of this.
Misgive	(-ving; past -gave;
Misgive	-given)
Misgive	Fill
Misgive	with suspicion or foreboding.
Misgiving	(usu. In
Misgiving	) Feeling of mistrust or apprehension.
Misgovern	Govern badly.
Misguided	Mistaken in thought or action.
Misguided	Misguidedness
Mishandle	deal with incorrectly or inefficiently.
Mishandle	handle roughly or rudely.
Mishap	Unlucky accident.
Mishear	(past and
Mishear	-heard) hear incorrectly or imperfectly.
Mishit	(-tt-; past and
Mishit	-hit) hit
Mishit	Badly.
Mishit	Faulty or bad hit.
Mishmash	Confused mixture.
Misinform	Give wrong information to, mislead.
Misinterpret	interpret wrongly.
Misinterpret	draw a wrong inference from.
Misjudge	judge wrongly.
Misjudge	have a wrong opinion of.
Miskey	key
Miskey	wrongly.
Mislay	(past and
Mislay	-laid) accidentally put
Mislay	where it cannot readily be found.
Mislead	(past and
Mislead	-led) cause to infer what is not true; deceive.
Mismanage	manage badly or wrongly.
Mismatch	Match unsuitably or incorrectly.
Mismatch	Bad match.
Misnomer	name or term used wrongly.
Misnomer	wrong use of a name or term.
Misogyny	Hatred of women.
Misogyny	Misogynistic
Misplace	put in the wrong place.
Misplace	bestow
Misplace	On an inappropriate object.
Misprint	Printing error.
Misprint	Print wrongly.
Misprision	Law
Misprision	deliberate concealment of one's knowledge of a crime, treason, etc.
Misprision	wrong action or omission.
Mispronounce	pronounce
Mispronounce	Wrongly.
Misquote	quote inaccurately.
Misread	(past and
Misread	-read) read or interpret wrongly.
Misrepresent	Represent wrongly; give a false account or idea of.
Misrule	Bad government; disorder.
Misrule	govern badly.
Miss1	Fail to hit, reach, find, catch, etc.
Miss1	fail to catch
Miss1	Or see
Miss1	or meet
Miss1	fail to seize
Miss1	fail to hear or understand
Miss1	a regret the loss or absence of
Miss1	notice the loss or absence of
Miss1	avoid
Miss1	Fail, misfire.
Miss1	Failure to hit, reach, attain, connect, etc.
Miss2	a title of an unmarried woman or girl.
Miss2	title of a beauty queen
Miss2	title used to address a female schoolteacher, shop assistant, etc.
Miss2	girl or unmarried woman.
Missal	Rc ch.
Missal	book containing the texts for the mass throughout the year.
Missal	book of prayers.
Misshapen	Ill-shaped, deformed, distorted.
Missile	object or weapon suitable for throwing at a target or for discharge from a machine.
Missile	weapon directed by remote control or automatically.
Missing	not in its place; lost.
Missing	not yet traced or confirmed as alive but not known to be dead.
Missing	not present.
Missing link	thing lacking to complete a series.
Missing link	hypothetical intermediate type, esp. Between humans and apes.
Mission	a task or goal assigned to a person or group.
Mission	journey undertaken as part of this.
Mission	person's vocation.
Mission	military or scientific operation or expedition.
Mission	body of persons sent to conduct negotiations or propagate a religious faith.
Mission	missionary post.
Missionary	Of or concerned with religious missions.
Missionary	person doing missionary work.
Missionary position	Position for sexual intercourse with the woman lying on her back and the man lying on top and facing her.
Missis	Or joc.
Missis	form of address to a woman.
Missis	wife.
Missive	joc. Letter.
Missive	official letter.
Misspell	(past and
Misspell	-spelt or -spelled) spell wrongly.
Misspend	(past and
Misspend	-spent) (esp. As misspent
Misspend	) Spend amiss or wastefully.
Misstate	state wrongly or inaccurately.
Mist	a water vapour near the ground in minute droplets limiting visibility.
Mist	condensed vapour obscuring glass etc.
Mist	dimness or blurring of the sight caused by tears etc.
Mist	cloud of particles resembling mist.
Mist	cover or become covered with mist or as with mist.
Mistake	incorrect idea or opinion; thing incorrectly done or thought.
Mistake	error of judgement.
Mistake	(-king; past mistook;
Mistake	Mistaken)
Mistake	misunderstand the meaning of.
Mistake	wrongly take or identify
Mistake	choose wrongly
Mistaken	wrong in opinion or judgement.
Mistaken	based on or resulting from this
Mister	Or joc. Form of address to a man.
Mistime	say or do at the wrong time.
Mistle thrush	large thrush with a spotted breast, feeding on mistletoe berries.
Mistletoe	Parasitic plant with white berries growing on apple and other trees.
Mistral	Cold n or nw wind in s. France.
Mistreat	Treat badly.
Mistress	female head of a household.
Mistress	a woman in authority.
Mistress	female owner of a pet.
Mistress	female teacher.
Mistress	woman having an illicit sexual relationship with a
Mistress	man.
Mistrial	Trial rendered invalid by error.
Mistrust	be suspicious of.
Mistrust	feel no confidence in.
Mistrust	suspicion.
Mistrust	lack of confidence.
Mistrust	Mistrustfully
Misty	of or covered with mist.
Misty	dim in outline.
Misty	obscure, vague
Misty	Mistiness
Misunderstand	(past and
Misunderstand	-understood)
Misunderstand	understand incorrectly.
Misunderstand	misinterpret the words or actions of
Misunderstanding	failure to understand correctly.
Misunderstanding	slight disagreement or quarrel.
Misusage	wrong or improper usage.
Misusage	ill-treatment.
Misuse	use wrongly; apply to the wrong purpose.
Misuse	ill-treat.
Misuse	Wrong or improper use or application.
Mit	Massachusetts institute of technology.
Mite1	Small arachnid, esp. Of a kind found in cheese etc.
Mite2	any small monetary unit.
Mite2	small object or person, esp.
Mite2	child.
Mite2	modest contribution.
Miter	tall deeply-cleft headdress worn by bishops and abbots, esp. As a symbol of office.
Miter	joint of two pieces of wood etc. At an angle of
Miter	0°, such that the line of junction bisects this angle.
Miter	bestow a mitre on.
Miter	join with a mitre.
Mitigate	make less intense or severe.
Mitigating circumstances	pl.  Circumstances permitting greater leniency.
Mitosis	Biol. Type of cell division that results in two nuclei each having the same number and kind of chromosomes as the parent nucleus.
Mitre	tall deeply-cleft headdress worn by bishops and abbots, esp. As a symbol of office.
Mitre	joint of two pieces of wood etc. At an angle of
Mitre	0°, such that the line of junction bisects this angle.
Mitre	bestow a mitre on.
Mitre	join with a mitre.
Mitt	glove with only two compartments, one for the thumb and the other for all four fingers.
Mitt	glove leaving the fingers and thumb-tip exposed.
Mitt	hand or fist.
Mitt	baseball glove.
Mix	combine or put together
Mix	so that the constituents of each are diffused among those of the other
Mix	prepare
Mix	By combining the ingredients.
Mix	combine
Mix	a join, be mixed, or combine, esp. Readily
Mix	be compatible.
Mix	be sociable
Mix	be harmonious or sociable with; have regular dealings with.
Mix	participate in.
Mix	drink different kinds of
Mix	in close succession.
Mix	combine
Mix	into one.
Mix	a mixing; mixture.
Mix	proportion of materials in a mixture.
Mix	ingredients prepared commercially for making a cake, concrete, etc.
Mix	Start fighting. Mix up
Mix	mix thoroughly.
Mix	confuse.
Mixed	of diverse qualities or elements.
Mixed	containing persons from various backgrounds etc.
Mixed	for persons of both sexes
Mixed bag	Diverse assortment.
Mixed blessing	Thing having advantages and disadvantages.
Mixed doubles	pl. Tennis doubles game with a man and a woman on each side.
Mixed economy	Economic system combining private and state enterprise.
Mixed farming	Farming of both crops and livestock.
Mixed feelings	pl. Mixture of pleasure and dismay about something.
Mixed grill	Dish of various grilled meats and vegetables etc.
Mixed marriage	Marriage between persons of different race or religion.
Mixed metaphor	Combination of inconsistent metaphors
Mixed-up	Mentally or emotionally confused; socially ill-adjusted.
Mixer	machine for mixing foods etc.
Mixer	person who manages socially in a specified way
Mixer	drink to be mixed with another.
Mixer	device that receives two or more separate signals from microphones etc. And combines them in a single output.
Mixer tap	Tap through which both hot and cold water can be drawn together.
Mixture	process or result of mixing.
Mixture	combination of ingredients, qualities, characteristics, etc.
Mix-up	Confusion, misunderstanding.
Mizen	lowest fore-and-aft sail of a fully rigged ship's mizen-mast.
Mizen-mast	Mast next aft of the mainmast.
Ml	millilitre
Ml	mile
M.litt.	Master of letters.
Mlle	mademoiselle.
Mm	messieurs.
Mm	military medal.
Mm	Millimetre
Mme	madame.
Mn	Manganese.
Mnemonic	Of or designed to aid the memory.
Mnemonic	Mnemonic word, verse, etc.
Mo	medical officer.
Mo	money order.
Mo	Molybdenum.
Mo	Moment.
Moa	extinct flightless new zealand bird resembling the ostrich.
Moan	long murmur expressing physical or mental suffering or pleasure.
Moan	low plaintive sound of wind etc.
Moan	Complaint; grievance.
Moan	make a moan or moans.
Moan	Complain, grumble.
Moan	utter with moans.
Moat	Defensive ditch round a castle etc., usu. Filled with water.
Mob	disorderly crowd; rabble.
Mob	usu. Derog. The populace.
Mob	Gang; group.
Mob	crowd round in order to attack or admire.
Mob-cap	Hist. Woman's large indoor cap covering all the hair.
Mobile	movable; able to move easily or get out and about.
Mobile	Readily changing its expression.
Mobile	Accommodated in a vehicle so as to serve various places.
Mobile	able to change his or her social status.
Mobile	Decoration that may be hung so as to turn freely.
Mobile home	Large caravan usu. Permanently parked and used as a residence.
Mobilize	esp. Mil. Make or become ready for service or action.
Möbius strip	Math. One-sided surface formed by joining the ends of a narrow rectangle after twisting one end through
Möbius strip	80°.
Mobster	gangster.
Moccasin	Soft flat-soled shoe orig. Worn by
Moccasin	American indians.
Mocha	coffee of fine quality.
Mocha	flavouring made with this.
Mock	ridicule; scoff
Mock	; act with scorn or contempt for.
Mock	mimic contemptuously.
Mock	defy or delude contemptuously.
Mock	sham, imitation.
Mock	as a trial run
Mock	(in
Mock	Mock examinations.
Mocker	Person who mocks.
Mocker	bring bad luck to.
Mocker	put a stop to.
Mockery	derision, ridicule.
Mockery	counterfeit or absurdly inadequate representation.
Mockery	ludicrously or insultingly futile action etc.
Mockingbird	Bird that mimics the notes of other birds.
Mock orange	White-flowered heavy-scented shrub.
Mock turtle soup	Soup made from a calf's head etc. To resemble turtle soup.
Mock-up	Experimental model or replica of a proposed structure etc.
Mod	Ministry of defence.
Mod	Modern.
Mod	Young person (esp. In the
Mod	960s) of a group known for its smart modern dress.
Modal	of mode or form, not of substance.
Modal	of the mood of a verb.
Modal	used to express the mood of another verb.
Modal	Denoting a style of music using a particular mode.
Mod cons	pl. Modern conveniences.
Mode	way in which a thing is done.
Mode	prevailing fashion or custom.
Mode	Any of several types of scale.
Model	representation in three dimensions of an existing person or thing or of a proposed structure, esp. On a smaller scale (often
Model	: model train).
Model	simplified description of a system etc., to assist calculations and predictions.
Model	figure in clay, wax, etc., to be reproduced in another material.
Model	particular design or style, esp. Of a car.
Model	a exemplary person or thing.
Model	Ideal, exemplary.
Model	person employed to pose for an artist or photographer or to wear clothes etc. For display.
Model	garment etc. By a well-known designer, or a copy of this.
Model	a fashion or shape
Model	in clay, wax, etc.
Model	Form
Model	a  act or pose as a model.
Model	display
Modem	Combined device for modulation and demodulation, e.g. Between a computer and a telephone line.
Moderate	avoiding extremes; temperate in conduct or expression.
Moderate	fairly large or good.
Moderate	of medium strength.
Moderate	fairly low.
Moderate	Person who holds moderate views, esp. In politics.
Moderate	make or become less violent, intense, rigorous, etc.
Moderate	Act as moderator of or to.
Moderate	Moderateness
Moderation	moderateness.
Moderation	moderating.
Moderato	At a moderate pace.
Moderator	arbitrator, mediator.
Moderator	presiding officer.
Moderator	presbyterian minister presiding over an ecclesiastical body.
Moderator	physics substance used in a nuclear reactor to retard neutrons.
Modern	of present and recent times.
Modern	in current fashion; not antiquated.
Modern	Person living in modern times.
Modern english	English from about
Modern english	500 onwards.
Modernism	Modern ideas or methods, esp. In art.
Modernize	make modern; adapt to modern needs or habits.
Modernize	adopt modern ways or views.
Modest	having or expressing a humble or moderate estimate of one's own merits.
Modest	diffident, bashful.
Modest	decorous.
Modest	moderate or restrained in amount, extent, severity, etc.
Modest	unpretentious, not extravagant.
Modest	Modesty
Modicum	small quantity.
Modification	modifying or being modified.
Modification	change made.
Modify	make less severe or extreme.
Modify	make partial changes in.
Modify	Qualify or expand the sense of
Modish	Fashionable.
Modiste	Milliner; dressmaker.
Modulate	a regulate or adjust.
Modulate	moderate.
Modulate	adjust or vary the tone or pitch of
Modulate	alter the amplitude or frequency of
Modulate	by using a wave of a lower frequency to convey a signal.
Modulate	change from one key to another.
Module	standardized part or independent unit in construction, esp. Of furniture, a building, or an electronic system.
Module	independent self-contained unit of a spacecraft.
Module	unit or period of training or education.
Modulus	math. Constant factor or ratio.
Modus operandi	method of working.
Modus vivendi	way of living or coping.
Modus vivendi	arrangement between people who agree to differ.
Mog	cat.
Mogadon	Propr. Hypnotic drug used to treat insomnia.
Mogul	Important or influential person.
Mogul	hist.
Mogul	mongolian.
Mogul	emperor of delhi in the
Mogul	6th–19th c.
Mohair	hair of the angora goat.
Mohair	yarn or fabric from this.
Mohican	with the head shaved except for a strip of hair from the middle of the forehead to the back of the neck, often worn in long spikes.
Mohican	Such a hairstyle.
Moiety	law or literary
Moiety	half.
Moiety	each of the two parts of a thing.
Moire	watered fabric, usu. Silk.
Moiré	watered.
Moiré	having a clouded appearance.
Moiré pattern	Pattern observed when one pattern of lines etc. Is superimposed on another.
Moist	Slightly wet; damp.
Moisten	Make or become moist.
Moisture	Water or other liquid diffused in a small quantity as vapour, or within a solid, or condensed on a surface.
Moisturize	make less dry
Molar	serving to grind.
Molar	Molar tooth.
Molasses	pl.
Molasses	uncrystallized syrup extracted from raw sugar.
Molasses	us treacle.
Mold1	hollow container into which a substance is poured or pressed to harden into a required shape.
Mold1	a vessel for shaping puddings etc.
Mold1	pudding etc. Made in this way.
Mold1	form or shape.
Mold1	frame or template for producing mouldings.
Mold1	character or type
Mold1	make
Mold1	in a required shape or from certain ingredients
Mold1	give shape to.
Mold1	influence the development of.
Mold2	furry growth of fungi occurring esp. In moist warm conditions.
Mold3	loose earth.
Mold3	upper soil of cultivated land, esp. When rich in organic matter.
Molder	decay to dust.
Molder	rot or crumble.
Molder	deteriorate.
Molding	ornamentally shaped outline of plaster etc. As an architectural feature, esp. In a cornice.
Molding	similar feature in woodwork etc.
Moldy	covered with mould.
Moldy	stale; out of date.
Moldy	Dull, miserable.
Mole1	small burrowing mammal with dark velvety fur and very small eyes.
Mole1	spy established in a position of trust in an organization.
Mole2	Small permanent dark spot on the skin.
Mole3	massive structure serving as a pier, breakwater, or causeway.
Mole3	artificial harbour.
Mole4	Chem. The si unit of amount of a substance equal to the quantity containing as many elementary units as there are atoms in
Mole4	.012 kg of carbon-12.
Molecular	Of, relating to, or consisting of molecules.
Molecule	smallest fundamental unit
Molecule	of a chemical compound that can take part in a chemical reaction.
Molecule	small particle.
Molehill	Small mound thrown up by a mole in burrowing.
Molest	annoy or pester
Molest	attack or interfere with
Molest	, esp. Sexually.
Molest	Molester
Moll	gangster's female companion.
Moll	prostitute.
Mollify	appease.
Mollusc	invertebrate with a soft body and usu.
Mollusc	hard shell, e.g. Snails and oysters.
Mollusk	invertebrate with a soft body and usu.
Mollusk	hard shell, e.g. Snails and oysters.
Mollycoddle	coddle, pamper.
Molotov cocktail	Crude incendiary device, usu.
Molotov cocktail	bottle filled with inflammable liquid.
Molt	Shed
Molt	In the process of renewing plumage, a coat, etc.
Molt	Moulting.
Molten	Melted, esp. Made liquid by heat.
Molto	Very.
Molybdenum	Silver-white metallic element added to steel to give strength and resistance to corrosion.
Mom	Mother.
Moment	very brief portion of time.
Moment	an exact point of time
Moment	importance
Moment	product of a force and the distance from its line of action to a point.
Momentary	Lasting only a moment; transitory.
Moment of truth	Time of crisis or test.
Momentous	Very important.
Momentous	Momentousness
Momentum	quantity of motion of a moving body, the product of its mass and velocity.
Momentum	impetus gained by movement.
Momentum	strength or continuity derived from an initial effort.
Momma	Mother.
Mommy	esp. Us
Mon.	Monday.
Monad	the number one; unit.
Monad	philos. Ultimate unit of being (e.g.
Monad	soul, an atom, a person, god).
Monarch	Sovereign with the title of king, queen, emperor, empress, or equivalent.
Monarch	Monarchical
Monarchism	Advocacy of monarchy.
Monarchy	form of government with a monarch at the head.
Monarchy	state with this.
Monastery	residence of a community of monks.
Monastic	Of or like monasteries or monks, nuns, etc.
Monastic	Monasticism
Monday	Day of the week following sunday.
Monday	on monday.
Monday	on mondays; each monday.
Monetarism	Control of the supply of money as the chief method of stabilizing the economy.
Monetary	of the currency in use.
Monetary	of or consisting of money.
Money	coins and banknotes as a medium of exchange.
Money	(in
Money	) Sums of money.
Money	a wealth.
Money	wealth as power
Money	rich person or family
Money	Having or winning a lot of money. Money for jam
Money	Profit for little or no trouble.
Moneybags	pl.
Moneybags	Usu. Derog. Wealthy person.
Moneyed	Wealthy.
Money-grubber	Person greedily intent on amassing money.
Moneylender	Person who lends money at interest.
Moneymaker	person who earns much money.
Moneymaker	thing, idea, etc., that produces much money.
Money market	Trade in short-term stocks, loans, etc.
Money order	Order for payment of a specified sum, issued by a bank or post office.
Money-spinner	Thing that brings in a profit.
Monger	(usu. In
Monger	dealer, trader
Monger	usu. Derog. Promoter, spreader
Mongol	of the asian people.
Mongol	resembling this people.
Mongol	often offens. Suffering from down's syndrome.
Mongol	mongolian.
Mongol	often offens. Person suffering from down's syndrome.
Mongolian	native or inhabitant of mongolia.
Mongolian	language of mongolia.
Mongolian	Of or relating to mongolia or its people or language.
Mongoloid	characteristic of the mongolians, esp. In having a broad flat yellowish face.
Mongoloid	often offens. Having the characteristic symptoms of down's syndrome.
Mongoloid	Mongoloid or mongoloid person.
Mongoose	small flesh-eating civet-like mammal.
Mongrel	dog of no definable type or breed.
Mongrel	other animal or plant resulting from the crossing of different breeds or types.
Mongrel	Of mixed origin, nature, or character.
Monism	doctrine that only one ultimate principle or being exists.
Monism	theory denying the duality of matter and mind.
Monism	Monistic
Monitor	person or device for checking or warning.
Monitor	school pupil with disciplinary or other special duties.
Monitor	a television receiver used in a studio to select or verify the picture being broadcast.
Monitor	person who listens to and reports on foreign broadcasts etc.
Monitor	detector of radioactive contamination.
Monitor	act as a monitor of.
Monitor	maintain regular surveillance over.
Monitor	regulate the strength of
Monitory	Literary giving or serving as a warning.
Monk	Member of a religious community of men living under vows.
Monkey	any of various primates, including marmosets, baboons etc., esp.
Monkey	small long-tailed kind.
Monkey	mischievous person, esp.
Monkey	child.
Monkey	tamper or play mischievous tricks.
Monkey	fool around.
Monkey business	Mischief.
Monkey-nut	Peanut.
Monkey-puzzle	Tree with hanging prickly branches.
Monkey tricks	Mischief.
Monkey wrench	Wrench with an adjustable jaw.
Monkshood	Poisonous plant with hood-shaped flowers.
Mono	Monophonic.
Mono	Monophonic reproduction.
Mono-	Form
Mono-	one, alone, single.
Monochromatic	of a single colour or wavelength.
Monochromatic	containing only one colour.
Monochrome	Photograph or picture done in one colour or different tones of this, or in black and white only.
Monochrome	Having or using only one colour or in black and white only.
Monocle	Single eyeglass.
Monocotyledon	Flowering plant with one cotyledon.
Monocular	With or for one eye.
Monody	ode sung by a single actor in a greek tragedy.
Monody	poem lamenting a person's death.
Monogamy	Practice or state of being married to one person at a time.
Monogram	Two or more letters, esp.
Monogram	person's initials, interwoven as a device.
Monograph	Treatise on a single subject.
Monolingual	Speaking or using only one language.
Monolith	single block of stone, esp. Shaped into a pillar etc.
Monolith	person or thing like a monolith in being massive, immovable, or solidly uniform.
Monologue	a scene in a drama in which a person speaks alone.
Monologue	dramatic composition for one performer.
Monologue	long speech by one person in a conversation etc.
Monomania	Obsession by a single idea or interest.
Monophonic	using only one channel of transmission.
Monoplane	Aeroplane with one set of wings.
Monopolist	Person who has or advocates a monopoly.
Monopolize	obtain exclusive possession or control of
Monopolize	dominate or prevent others from sharing in
Monopolize	Monopolizer
Monopoly	a exclusive possession or control of the trade in a commodity or service.
Monopoly	this conferred as a privilege by the state.
Monopoly	exclusive possession, control, or exercise.
Monorail	Railway with a single-rail track.
Monosodium glutamate	Sodium salt of glutamic acid used to enhance the flavour of food.
Monosyllable	Word of one syllable.
Monotheism	Doctrine that there is only one god.
Monotheism	Monotheistic
Monotone	sound or utterance continuing or repeated on one note without change of pitch.
Monotone	sameness of style in writing.
Monotone	Without change of pitch.
Monotonous	Lacking in variety; tedious through sameness.
Monotonous	Monotony
Monovalent	Univalent.
Monoxide	Oxide containing one oxygen atom.
Monseigneur	title given to an eminent french person, esp.
Monseigneur	prince, cardinal, archbishop, or bishop.
Monsieur	title used of or to a french-speaking man, corresponding to mr or sir.
Monsignor	title of various roman catholic priests and officials.
Monsoon	wind in s. Asia, esp. In the indian ocean.
Monsoon	rainy season accompanying the summer monsoon.
Monster	imaginary creature, usu. Large and frightening, made up of incongruous elements.
Monster	inhumanly cruel or wicked person.
Monster	misshapen animal or plant.
Monster	large, usu. Ugly, animal or thing.
Monster	Huge.
Monstrance	Rc ch. Vessel in which the host is exposed for veneration.
Monstrosity	huge or outrageous thing.
Monstrosity	monstrousness.
Monstrous	like a monster; abnormally formed.
Monstrous	huge.
Monstrous	a outrageously wrong or absurd.
Monstrous	atrocious.
Monstrous	Monstrousness
Montage	selection, cutting, and piecing together as a consecutive whole, of separate sections of cinema or television film.
Montage	a composite whole made from juxtaposed photographs etc.
Montage	production of this.
Month	a each of twelve periods into which a year is divided.
Month	period of time between the same dates in successive calendar months.
Month	period of
Month	8 days.
Monthly	Done, produced, or occurring once every month.
Monthly	Every month.
Monthly	monthly periodical.
Month of sundays	Very long period.
Monument	anything enduring that serves to commemorate or celebrate, esp.
Monument	structure or building.
Monument	stone etc. Placed over a grave or in a church etc. In memory of the dead.
Monument	ancient building or site etc. That has been preserved.
Monument	lasting reminder.
Monumental	a extremely great; stupendous
Monumental	Massive and permanent.
Monumental	of or serving as a monument.
Monumental mason	Maker of tombstones etc.
Moo	cry of cattle.
Moo	make this sound.
Mooch	wander aimlessly around.
Mooch	esp. Us cadge; steal.
Mood1	state of mind or feeling.
Mood1	fit of bad temper or depression.
Mood1	Inclined.
Mood2	Form or set of forms of a verb indicating whether it expresses a fact, command, wish, etc.
Mood2	distinction of meaning expressed by different moods.
Moody	given to changes of mood; gloomy, sullen.
Moody	Bad mood; tantrum.
Moody	Moodiness
Moon	a natural satellite of the earth, orbiting it monthly, illuminated by the sun and reflecting some light to the earth.
Moon	this regarded in terms of its waxing and waning in a particular month
Moon	the moon when visible
Moon	satellite of any planet.
Moon	Something desirable but unattainable
Moon	wander about aimlessly or listlessly.
Moon	expose one's buttocks.
Moon	Extremely happy.
Moonbeam	Ray of moonlight.
Moon boot	Thickly-padded boot for low temperatures.
Moon-face	Round face.
Moonie	Offens. Member of the unification church.
Moonlight	light of the moon.
Moonlight	Lit by the moon.
Moonlight	Have two paid occupations, esp. One by day and one by night.
Moonlight flit	Hurried departure by night, esp. To avoid paying a debt.
Moonlit	Lit by the moon.
Moonscape	surface or landscape of the moon.
Moonscape	area resembling this; wasteland.
Moonshine	foolish or unrealistic talk or ideas.
Moonshine	illicitly distilled or smuggled alcohol.
Moonshot	Launching of a spacecraft to the moon.
Moonstone	Feldspar of pearly appearance.
Moonstruck	Slightly mad.
Moony	listless; stupidly dreamy.
Moor	Member of a muslim people of nw africa.
Moor1	open uncultivated upland, esp. When covered with heather.
Moor1	tract of ground preserved for shooting.
Moor2	Attach
Moor2	To a fixed object.
Moorhen	Small waterfowl.
Mooring	(often in
Mooring	) Place where a boat etc. Is moored.
Mooring	(in
Mooring	) Set of permanent anchors and chains.
Moorland	Extensive area of moor.
Moose	American deer; elk.
Moot	Debatable, undecided
Moot	Raise
Moot	for discussion.
Moot	Hist. Assembly.
Mop	bundle of yarn or cloth or a sponge on the end of a stick, for cleaning floors etc.
Mop	similarly-shaped implement for various purposes.
Mop	thick mass of hair.
Mop	mopping or being mopped
Mop	wipe or clean with or as with a mop.
Mop	a wipe tears or sweat etc. From
Mop	wipe away
Mop	wipe up with or as with a mop.
Mop	Absorb.
Mop	dispatch; make an end of.
Mop	a complete the occupation of
Mop	By capturing or killing enemy troops left there.
Mop	capture or kill
Mope	be depressed or listless.
Mope	wander about listlessly.
Mope	Person who mopes.
Moped	Two-wheeled low-powered motor vehicle with pedals.
Moquette	Thick pile or looped material used for upholstery etc.
Moraine	Area of debris carried down and deposited by a glacier.
Moral	a concerned with goodness or badness of human character or behaviour, or with the distinction between right and wrong.
Moral	concerned with accepted rules and standards of human behaviour.
Moral	a virtuous in general conduct.
Moral	capable of moral action.
Moral	Founded on moral not actual law.
Moral	associated with the psychological rather than the physical
Moral	moral lesson of a fable, story, event, etc.
Moral	(in
Moral	) Moral behaviour, e.g. In sexual conduct.
Morale	Confidence, determination, etc. Of a person or group.
Moralist	person who practises or teaches morality.
Moralist	person who follows a natural system of ethics.
Morality	degree of conformity to moral principles.
Morality	right moral conduct.
Morality	science of morals.
Morality	particular system of morals
Morality play	Hist. Drama with personified abstract qualities and including a moral lesson.
Moralize	indulge in moral reflection or talk.
Moralize	make moral or more moral.
Moral law	The conditions to be satisfied by any right course of action.
Moral philosophy	Branch of philosophy concerned with ethics.
Moral victory	Defeat that has some of the satisfactory elements of victory.
Morass	entanglement; confusion.
Morass	literary bog.
Moratorium	temporary prohibition or suspension
Moratorium	a legal authorization to debtors to postpone payment.
Moratorium	period of this postponement.
Morbid	Unwholesome.
Morbid	given to morbid feelings.
Morbid	Melancholy.
Morbid	med. Of the nature of or indicative of disease.
Morbid	Morbidly
Mordant	Caustic, biting.
Mordant	pungent, smarting.
Mordant	corrosive or cleansing.
Mordant	serving to fix dye.
Mordant	Mordant substance.
More	Greater in quantity or degree; additional
More	Greater quantity, number, or amount
More	to a greater degree or extent.
More	forming the comparative of adjectives and adverbs, esp. Those of more than one syllable
Moreish	causing a desire for more.
Morello	sour kind of dark cherry.
Moreover	Besides, in addition to what has been said.
Mores	pl. Customs or conventions of a community.
Morganatic	between a person of high rank and one of lower rank, the spouse and children having no claim to the possessions or title of the person of higher rank.
Morganatic	married in this way.
Morgue	mortuary.
Morgue	room or file of miscellaneous information.
Moribund	at the point of death.
Moribund	lacking vitality.
Mormon	Member of the church of jesus christ of latter-day saints.
Morn	Poet. Morning.
Mornay	Cheese-flavoured white sauce.
Morning	early part of the day, ending at noon or lunch-time
Morning	Taken, occurring, or appearing during the morning
Morning	Tomorrow morning.
Morning-after pill	Contraceptive pill taken some hours after intercourse.
Morning coat	Coat with tails, and with the front cut away.
Morning dress	Man's morning coat and striped trousers.
Morning glory	Twining plant with trumpet-shaped flowers.
Morning sickness	Nausea felt in the morning in esp. Early pregnancy.
Morning star	Planet, usu. Venus, seen in the east before sunrise.
Morocco	fine flexible leather of goatskin tanned with sumac.
Moron	Very stupid person.
Moron	adult with a mental age of
Moron	–12.
Morose	Sullen, gloomy.
Morose	Moroseness
Morpheme	Linguistics meaningful unit of a language that cannot be further divided
Morphine	Narcotic drug from opium, used to relieve pain.
Morphology	The study of the forms of things, esp. Of animals and plants and of words and their structure.
Morris dance	Traditional english dance in fancy costume, with ribbons and bells.
Morris dance	Morris dancing
Morrow	literary the following day.
Morse	code in which letters are represented by combinations of long and short light or sound signals.
Morse	signal by morse code.
Morsel	Mouthful; small piece
Mortal	subject to death.
Mortal	causing death; fatal.
Mortal	fought to the death.
Mortal	associated with death
Mortal	implacable.
Mortal	Intense, very serious.
Mortal	Long and tedious
Mortal	Conceivable, imaginable
Mortal	Human being.
Mortality	being subject to death.
Mortality	loss of life on a large scale.
Mortality	a number of deaths in a given period etc.
Mortality	death rate.
Mortal sin	Sin that deprives the soul of divine grace.
Mortar	mixture of lime or cement, sand, and water, for bonding bricks or stones.
Mortar	short large-bore cannon for firing shells at high angles.
Mortar	vessel in which ingredients are pounded with a pestle.
Mortar	plaster or join with mortar.
Mortar	bombard with mortar shells.
Mortarboard	academic cap with a stiff flat square top.
Mortarboard	flat board for holding mortar.
Mortgage	a conveyance of property to a creditor as security for a debt
Mortgage	deed effecting this.
Mortgage	sum of money lent by this.
Mortgage	convey
Mortgage	by mortgage.
Mortgagee	Creditor in a mortgage.
Mortgager	debtor in a mortgage.
Mortgage rate	Rate of interest charged by a mortgagee.
Mortician	Us undertaker.
Mortify	a cause
Mortify	to feel shamed, humiliated, or sorry.
Mortify	wound
Mortify	bring
Mortify	Into subjection by self-denial or discipline.
Mortify	be affected by gangrene or necrosis.
Mortify	Mortifying
Mortise	Hole in a framework designed to receive the end of another part, esp.
Mortise	tenon.
Mortise	join securely, esp. By mortise and tenon.
Mortise	cut a mortise in.
Mortise lock	Lock recessed in the frame of a door etc.
Mortuary	room or building in which dead bodies are kept until burial or cremation.
Mortuary	Of death or burial.
Mosaic	Of moses.
Mosaic	a picture or pattern produced by arranging small variously coloured pieces of glass or stone etc.
Mosaic	this as an art form.
Mosaic	diversified thing.
Mosaic	Of or like a mosaic.
Mosaic law	The laws attributed to moses and listed in the pentateuch.
Moselle	Dry white wine from the moselle valley in germany.
Mosey	go in a leisurely manner.
Mosque	Muslim place of worship.
Mosquito	biting insect, esp. One of which the female punctures the skin with a long proboscis to suck blood.
Mosquito-net	Net to keep off mosquitoes.
Moss	small flowerless plant growing in dense clusters in bogs, on the ground, trees, stones, etc.
Moss	scot. &
Moss	engl. Bog, esp.
Moss	peatbog.
Most	greatest in quantity or degree.
Most	the majority of
Most	greatest quantity or number
Most	the majority
Most	in the highest degree.
Most	forming the superlative of adjectives and adverbs, esp. Those of more than one syllable
Most	Almost.
Most	as the greatest amount.
Most	not more than. For the most part
Most	mainly.
Most	usually.
-most	forming superlative adjectives and adverbs from prepositions and other words indicating relative position
Mostly	mainly.
Mostly	usually.
Most reverend	Title of archbishops.
Mot	compulsory annual test of vehicles of more than a specified age.
Mote	Speck of dust.
Motel	Roadside hotel for motorists.
Motet	Short religious choral work.
Moth	nocturnal insect like a butterfly but without clubbed antennae.
Moth	insect of this type breeding in cloth etc., on which its larva feeds.
Mothball	Ball of naphthalene etc. Placed in stored clothes to deter moths.
Moth-eaten	damaged by moths.
Moth-eaten	time-worn.
Mother	female parent.
Mother	woman, quality, or condition etc. That gives rise to something else
Mother	head of a female religious community.
Mother	treat as a mother does.
Mother	give birth to; be the mother or origin of.
Mother	Motherless
Mother country	Country in relation to its colonies.
Mother earth	The earth as mother of its inhabitants.
Mother-in-law	husband's or wife's mother.
Motherland	One's native country.
Motherly	Kind or tender like a mother.
Mother-of-pearl	Smooth iridescent substance forming the inner layer of the shell of oysters etc.
Mother's day	Day when mothers are honoured with presents,
Mother's day	the fourth sunday in lent,
Mother's day	the second sunday in may.
Mother tongue	Native language.
Mothproof	treated so as to repel moths.
Mothproof	Treat
Mothproof	in this way.
Motif	theme that is repeated and developed in an artistic work.
Motif	decorative design or pattern.
Motif	ornament sewn separately on a garment.
Motion	moving; changing position.
Motion	gesture.
Motion	formal proposal put to a committee, legislature, etc.
Motion	application to a court for an order.
Motion	a an evacuation of the bowels.
Motion	(in sing. Or
Motion	) Faeces.
Motion	direct
Motion	by a gesture.
Motion	make a gesture directing
Motion picture	cinema film.
Motivate	supply a motive to; be the motive of.
Motivate	cause
Motivate	to act in a particular way.
Motivate	stimulate the interest of
Motivate	Motivational
Motive	what induces a person to act in a particular way.
Motive	tending to initiate movement.
Motive	concerned with movement.
Motive power	Moving or impelling power, esp.
Motive power	source of energy used to drive machinery.
Mot juste	most appropriate expression.
Motley	diversified in colour.
Motley	of varied character
Motley	Hist. Jester's particoloured costume.
Moto-cross	Cross-country racing on motor cycles.
Motor	thing that imparts motion.
Motor	machine
Motor	supplying motive power for a vehicle or other machine.
Motor	giving, imparting, or producing motion.
Motor	driven by a motor
Motor	of or for motor vehicles.
Motor	anat. Relating to muscular movement or the nerves activating it.
Motor	Go or convey in a motor vehicle.
Motor boat	Motor-driven boat.
Motorcade	Procession of motor vehicles.
Motor cycle	Two-wheeled motor vehicle without pedal propulsion.
Motorist	Driver of a car.
Motorize	equip with motor transport.
Motorize	provide with a motor.
Motorman	Driver of an underground train, tram, etc.
Motor vehicle	Road vehicle powered by an internal-combustion engine.
Motorway	Road for fast travel, with separate carriageways and limited access.
Motown	Music with elements of rhythm and blues, associated with detroit.
Mottle	(esp. As mottled
Mottle	) Mark with spots or smears of colour.
Motto	maxim adopted as a rule of conduct.
Motto	phrase or sentence accompanying a coat of arms.
Motto	appropriate inscription.
Motto	joke, maxim, etc. In a paper cracker.
Mould1	hollow container into which a substance is poured or pressed to harden into a required shape.
Mould1	a vessel for shaping puddings etc.
Mould1	pudding etc. Made in this way.
Mould1	form or shape.
Mould1	frame or template for producing mouldings.
Mould1	character or type
Mould1	make
Mould1	in a required shape or from certain ingredients
Mould1	give shape to.
Mould1	influence the development of.
Mould2	furry growth of fungi occurring esp. In moist warm conditions.
Mould3	loose earth.
Mould3	upper soil of cultivated land, esp. When rich in organic matter.
Moulder	decay to dust.
Moulder	rot or crumble.
Moulder	deteriorate.
Moulding	ornamentally shaped outline of plaster etc. As an architectural feature, esp. In a cornice.
Moulding	similar feature in woodwork etc.
Mouldy	covered with mould.
Mouldy	stale; out of date.
Mouldy	Dull, miserable.
Moult	Shed
Moult	In the process of renewing plumage, a coat, etc.
Moult	Moulting.
Mound	raised mass of earth, stones, etc.
Mound	heap or pile; large quantity.
Mound	hillock.
Mount1	ascend; climb on to.
Mount1	a get up on
Mount1	To ride it.
Mount1	set on horseback.
Mount1	(as mounted
Mount1	) Serving on horseback
Mount1	accumulate.
Mount1	increase.
Mount1	set
Mount1	on a support or in a backing, frame, etc., esp. For viewing.
Mount1	organize, arrange, set in motion
Mount1	get on to
Mount1	to copulate.
Mount1	backing, etc. On which a picture etc. Is set for display.
Mount1	horse for riding.
Mount1	setting for a gem etc.
Mount2	: mountain, hill
Mount2	: mountain, hill
Mountain	large abrupt natural elevation of the ground.
Mountain	large heap or pile; huge quantity.
Mountain	large surplus stock
Mountain ash	Tree with scarlet berries; rowan.
Mountain bike	Sturdy bike with many gears for riding over rough terrain.
Mountaineer	Person who practises mountain-climbing.
Mountaineer	Climb mountains as a sport.
Mountain lion	Puma.
Mountainous	having many mountains.
Mountainous	huge.
Mountain range	Continuous line of mountains.
Mountain sickness	Sickness caused by thin air at great heights.
Mountainside	Sloping side of a mountain.
Mountebank	swindler; charlatan.
Mountebank	hist. Itinerant quack.
Mountie	Member of the royal canadian mounted police.
Mounting	in senses of *mount1
Mourn	feel or show deep sorrow or regret for
Mourner	Person who mourns, esp. At a funeral.
Mournful	Doleful, sad, expressing mourning.
Mournful	Mournfulness
Mourning	expressing of sorrow for a dead person, esp. By wearing black clothes.
Mourning	such clothes.
Mouse	small rodent, esp. Of a kind infesting houses.
Mouse	timid or feeble person.
Mouse	computing small hand-held device controlling the cursor on a vdu screen.
Mouse	Hunt mice.
Mousetrap	trap for catching mice.
Mousetrap	(often
Mousetrap	Poor quality cheese.
Moussaka	greek dish of minced meat, aubergine, etc.
Mousse	a dessert of whipped cream, eggs, etc., usu. Flavoured with fruit or chocolate.
Mousse	meat or fish purée made with whipped cream etc.
Mousse	foamy substance applied to the hair to enable styling.
Moustache	hair left to grow on a man's upper lip.
Mousy	of or like a mouse.
Mousy	timid, feeble.
Mousy	nondescript light brown.
Mouth	a external opening in the head, through which most animals take in food and emit communicative sounds.
Mouth	cavity behind it containing the means of biting and chewing and the vocal organs.
Mouth	opening of a container, cave, trumpet, etc.
Mouth	place where a river enters the sea.
Mouth	an individual as needing sustenance
Mouth	meaningless or ineffectual talk.
Mouth	impudent talk; cheek.
Mouth	say or speak by moving the lips but with no sound.
Mouth	utter or speak insincerely or without understanding
Mouthful	quantity of food etc. That fills the mouth.
Mouthful	small quantity.
Mouthful	Long or complicated word or phrase.
Mouthpiece	part of a musical instrument, telephone, etc., placed next to the lips.
Mouthpiece	Person who speaks for another or others.
Mouth-to-mouth	in which a person breathes into a subject's lungs through the mouth.
Mouthwash	Liquid antiseptic etc. For rinsing the mouth or gargling.
Mouth-watering	Having a delicious smell or appearance.
Movable	that can be moved.
Movable	variable in date from year to year
Move	change position or posture.
Move	put or keep in motion; rouse, stir.
Move	a take a turn in a board-game.
Move	change the position of
Move	in a board-game.
Move	Go or proceed.
Move	take action, esp. Promptly
Move	make progress
Move	Change
Move	be socially active in
Move	affect
Move	with
Move	emotion.
Move	provoke
Move	Prompt or incline
Move	change one's attitude
Move	3 a cause
Move	to be evacuated.
Move	be evacuated.
Move	propose in a meeting, etc.
Move	make a formal request or application.
Move	6 sell; be sold.
Move	act or process of moving.
Move	change of house, premises, etc.
Move	step taken to secure an object.
Move	a changing of the position of a piece in a board-game.
Move	player's turn to do this.
Move	Hurry up. Make a move take action. Move along
Move	advance, progress, esp. To avoid crowding etc. Move away go to live in another area. Move heaven and earth
Move	Make extraordinary efforts. Move in
Move	take up residence in a new home.
Move	get into a position of readiness or proximity
Move	. Move in with start to share accommodation with
Move	. Move out leave one's home. Move over
Move	adjust one's position to make room for another. On the move moving.
Movement	a moving or being moved.
Movement	instance of this
Movement	moving parts of a mechanism (esp.
Movement	clock or watch).
Movement	a body of persons with a common object
Movement	campaign undertaken by them.
Movement	(in
Movement	) Person's activities and whereabouts.
Movement	Principal division of a longer musical work.
Movement	motion of the bowels.
Movement	rise or fall in price
Movement	on the stock market.
Movement	progress.
Mover	person, animal, or thing that moves or dances, esp. In a specified way.
Mover	person who moves a proposition.
Mover	originator.
Movie	Esp. Us
Movie	Cinema film.
Moving	Emotionally affecting.
Moving staircase	Escalator.
Mow	Cut
Mow	With a scythe or machine.
Mow	cut down the produce of
Mow	or the grass etc. Of
Mow	by mowing.
Mozzarella	Italian curd cheese, orig. Of buffalo milk.
Mp	Member of parliament.
Mp	Mezzo piano.
M.p.g.	Miles per gallon.
M.p.h.	Miles per hour.
M.phil.	Master of philosophy.
Mr	title of a man without a higher title
Mr	title
Mr	ed to a designation of office etc.
Mrs	title of a married woman without a higher title
Ms	manuscript.
Ms	multiple sclerosis.
Ms	Title of a married or unmarried woman without a higher title.
M.sc.	Master of science.
Ms-dos	Propr. Computing microsoft disk operating system.
Mt.	Mount.
Mu	twelfth greek letter
Much	existing or occurring in a great quantity
Much	With relative sense
Much	a great quantity
Much	With relative sense
Much	Noteworthy or outstanding example
Much	in a great degree
Much	for a large part of one's time; often
Much	bit much
Much	Excessive, immoderate. Much as even though
Much	. Much of a muchness very nearly the same. Not much of a
Much	rather poor.
Mucilage	viscous substance obtained from plants.
Mucilage	adhesive gum.
Muck	Dirt or filth; anything disgusting.
Muck	farmyard manure.
Muck	Mess.
Muck	bungle
Muck	make dirty or untidy.
Muck	remove manure from.
Muck	Bungle. Muck about
Muck	potter or fool about.
Muck	fool or interfere with. Muck in
Muck	Share tasks etc. Equally.
Mucker	friend, mate.
Muckrake	search out and reveal scandal.
Muckrake	Muckraking
Muck-spreader	Machine for spreading dung.
Mucky	covered with muck, dirty.
Mucous	Of or covered with mucus.
Mucous membrane	Mucus-secreting tissue lining body cavities etc.
Mucus	Slimy substance secreted by a mucous membrane.
Mud	Soft wet earth.
Muddle	bring into disorder.
Muddle	bewilder, confuse.
Muddle	disorder.
Muddle	confusion.
Muddle-headed	Mentally disorganized, confused.
Muddy	like mud.
Muddy	covered in or full of mud.
Muddy	not clear, impure.
Muddy	vague, confused.
Muddy	make muddy.
Mudflap	Flap hanging behind the wheel of a vehicle, to prevent splashes.
Mud-flat	Stretch of muddy land uncovered at low tide.
Mudguard	Curved strip over a bicycle wheel etc. To protect the rider from splashes.
Mud pack	Cosmetic paste applied thickly to the face.
Mud-slinger	Person given to making abusive or disparaging remarks.
Muesli	Breakfast food of crushed cereals, dried fruits, nuts, etc., eaten with milk.
Muezzin	Muslim crier who proclaims the hours of prayer.
Muff1	Covering, esp. Of fur, for keeping the hands or ears warm.
Muff2	bungle.
Muff2	miss
Muffin	light flat round spongy cake, eaten toasted and buttered.
Muffin	us similar round cake made from batter or dough.
Muffle	wrap or cover for warmth, or to deaden sound.
Muffle	(usu. As muffled
Muffle	) Stifle
Muffler	wrap or scarf worn for warmth.
Muffler	thing used to deaden sound.
Muffler	us silencer of a vehicle.
Mufti	Civilian clothes
Mug1	a drinking-vessel, usu. Cylindrical with a handle and no saucer.
Mug1	its contents.
Mug1	gullible person.
Mug1	face or mouth.
Mug1	attack and rob, esp. In public.
Mug1	Foolish or unprofitable activity.
Mug1	Mugful
Mug1	. Mugging
Mug2	learn
Mug2	by concentrated study.
Muggins	Gullible person
Muggy	Oppressively humid.
Mug shot	photograph of a face, esp. For police records.
Mujahidin	pl.
Mujahidin	guerrilla fighters in islamic countries, esp. Muslim fundamentalists.
Mulatto	person of mixed white and black parentage.
Mulberry	tree bearing edible purple or white berries, and leaves used to feed silkworms.
Mulberry	its fruit.
Mulberry	dark-red or purple.
Mulch	Layer of wet straw, leaves, or plastic, etc., spread around or over a plant to enrich or insulate the soil.
Mulch	Treat with mulch.
Mule1	offspring of a male donkey and a female horse, or
Mule1	of a female donkey and a male horse
Mule1	stupid or obstinate person.
Mule1	a kind of spinning-machine.
Mule2	Backless slipper.
Muleteer	Mule-driver.
Mulish	Stubborn.
Mull1	ponder, consider.
Mull2	Warm
Mull2	with added sugar, spices, etc.
Mull3	Scot. Promontory.
Mullah	Muslim learned in theology and sacred law.
Mullet	any of several kinds of marine fish valued for food.
Mulligatawny	Highly seasoned soup orig. From india.
Mullion	Vertical bar dividing the lights in a window.
Multi-	Form many.
Multi-access	allowing access to the central processor from several terminals simultaneously.
Multicoloured	Of many colours.
Multicultural	Of several cultural groups.
Multidirectional	Of, involving, or operating in several directions.
Multifarious	many and various.
Multifarious	of great variety.
Multiform	having many forms.
Multiform	of many kinds.
Multilateral	In which three or more parties participate.
Multilateral	having many sides.
Multilingual	In, speaking, or using several languages.
Multimedia	Using more than one medium of communication.
Multimillion	Costing or involving several million
Multimillionaire	Person with a fortune of several millions.
Multinational	operating in several countries.
Multinational	of several nationalities.
Multinational	Multinational company.
Multiple	having several parts, elements, or components.
Multiple	many and various.
Multiple	Number that contains another without a remainder (56 is a multiple of
Multiple-choice	accompanied by several possible answers from which the correct one has to be chosen.
Multiplex	Manifold; of many elements.
Multiplicand	Quantity to be multiplied by another.
Multiplication	Multiplying.
Multiplication sign	Sign
Multiplication sign	to indicate that one quantity is to be multiplied by another.
Multiplication table	List of multiples of a particular number, usu. From
Multiplicity	manifold variety.
Multiplicity	great number.
Multiplier	Quantity by which a given number is multiplied.
Multiply	Obtain from
Multiply	another that is a specified number of times its value (multiply
Multiply	and you get
Multiply	increase in number, esp. By procreation.
Multiply	produce a large number of
Multiply	a breed
Multiply	propagate
Multi-purpose	Having several purposes.
Multiracial	Of several races.
Multi-storey	Having several storeys.
Multitude	great number.
Multitude	large gathering of people; crowd.
Multitude	the common people.
Multitudinous	very numerous.
Multitudinous	consisting of many individuals.
Multi-user	having a number of simultaneous users.
Mum2	Silent
Mumble	speak or utter indistinctly.
Mumble	Indistinct utterance or sound.
Mumbo-jumbo	meaningless or ignorant ritual.
Mumbo-jumbo	meaningless or unnecessarily complicated language; nonsense.
Mummer	Actor in a traditional mime.
Mummery	ridiculous
Mummery	ceremonial.
Mummery	performance by mummers.
Mummify	preserve
Mummify	as a mummy.
Mummy1	Mother.
Mummy2	body of a human being or animal embalmed for burial, esp. In ancient egypt.
Mumps	pl.
Mumps	Infectious disease with swelling of the neck and face.
Munch	Eat steadily with a marked action of the jaws.
Mundane	dull, routine.
Mundane	of this world.
Mundane	Mundanity
Mung	leguminous indian plant used as food.
Municipal	Of a municipality or its self-government.
Municipal	. Municipally
Municipality	town or district having local self-government.
Municipality	governing body of this area.
Munificent	splendidly generous.
Muniment	(usu. In
Muniment	) Document kept as evidence of rights or privileges etc.
Munition	(usu. In
Munition	) Military weapons, ammunition etc.
Muon	Physics unstable elementary particle like an electron, but with a much greater mass.
Mural	Painting executed directly on a wall.
Mural	Of, on, or like a wall.
Murder	intentional unlawful killing of a human being by another.
Murder	Unpleasant, troublesome, or dangerous state of affairs.
Murder	kill
Murder	intentionally and unlawfully.
Murder	utterly defeat.
Murder	spoil by a bad performance, mispronunciation, etc.
Murder	Make an extravagant outcry. Get away with murder
Murder	Do whatever one wishes and escape punishment.
Murderous	Capable of, intending, or involving murder or great harm.
Murderous	Extremely arduous or unpleasant.
Murk	Darkness, poor visibility.
Murky	dark, gloomy.
Murky	Thick, dirty.
Murky	suspiciously obscure
Murky	Murkiness
Murmur	subdued continuous sound, as made by waves, a brook, etc.
Murmur	softly spoken or nearly inarticulate utterance.
Murmur	subdued expression of discontent.
Murmur	make a murmur.
Murmur	utter
Murmur	in a low voice.
Murmur	complain in low tones, grumble.
Murphy's law	Joc. Any of various maxims about the perverseness of things.
Murrain	Infectious disease of cattle.
Mus.b.	(also
Mus.b.	Bac.) Bachelor of music.
Muscadet	a dry white wine from the loire region of france.
Muscadet	variety of grape used for this.
Muscat	sweet usu. Fortified white wine made from musk-flavoured grapes.
Muscat	this grape.
Muscatel	raisin from a muscat grape.
Muscle	fibrous tissue producing movement in or maintaining the position of an animal body.
Muscle	part of an animal body that is composed of muscles.
Muscle	strength, power.
Muscle	Force oneself on others; intrude by forceful means.
Muscle-bound	With muscles stiff and inelastic through excessive exercise.
Muscle-man	Man with highly developed muscles.
Muscovite	Native or citizen of moscow.
Muscovite	Of moscow.
Muscovy duck	Crested duck with red markings on its head.
Muscular	of or affecting the muscles.
Muscular	having well-developed muscles.
Muscular	robust.
Muscular christianity	Christian life of cheerful physical activity as described in the writings of charles kingsley.
Muscular dystrophy	Hereditary progressive wasting of the muscles.
Musculature	Muscular system of a body or organ.
Mus.d.	(also
Mus.d.	Doc.) Doctor of music.
Muse1	ponder, reflect.
Muse1	say meditatively.
Muse2	any of the nine goddesses who inspire poetry, music, etc.
Muse2	poet's inspiration.
Museum	Building used for storing and exhibiting objects of historical, scientific, or cultural interest.
Museum piece	specimen of art etc. Fit for a museum.
Museum piece	derog. Old-fashioned or quaint person or object.
Mush	soft pulp.
Mush	feeble sentimentality.
Mush	us maize porridge.
Mushroom	edible fungus with a stem and domed cap.
Mushroom	pinkish-brown colour of this.
Mushroom	Appear or develop rapidly.
Mushroom cloud	Mushroom-shaped cloud from a nuclear explosion.
Mushy	like mush; soft.
Mushy	feebly sentimental.
Music	art of combining vocal or instrumental sounds in a harmonious or expressive way.
Music	sounds so produced.
Music	musical composition.
Music	written or printed score of this.
Music	pleasant natural sound.
Musical	of music.
Musical	Melodious, harmonious.
Musical	fond of, sensitive to, or skilled in music.
Musical	set to or accompanied by music.
Musical	Musical film or play.
Musical	Musically
Musical box	Box containing a mechanism which plays a tune.
Musical chairs	party game in which the players compete in successive rounds for a decreasing number of chairs.
Musical chairs	series of changes or political manoeuvring etc.
Music centre	Equipment combining radio, record-player, tape recorder, etc.
Music-hall	variety entertainment with singing, dancing, etc.
Music-hall	theatre for this.
Musician	Person who plays a musical instrument, esp. Professionally.
Musician	Musicianship
Musicology	The academic study of music.
Musicology	Musicological
Music stand	Support for sheet music.
Music stool	Piano stool.
Musk	substance secreted by the male musk deer and used in perfumes.
Musk	plant which orig. Had a smell of musk.
Musk	. Muskiness
Musk deer	Small hornless asian deer.
Musket	Hist. Infantryman's
Musket	light gun.
Musketeer	Hist. Soldier armed with a musket.
Musketry	muskets; soldiers armed with muskets.
Musketry	knowledge of handling small arms.
Musk ox	Shaggy
Musk ox	American ruminant with curved horns.
Muskrat	large
Muskrat	American aquatic rodent with a musky smell.
Muskrat	its fur.
Musk-rose	Rambling rose smelling of musk.
Muslim	Follower of the islamic religion.
Muslim	Of the muslims or their religion.
Muslin	Fine delicately woven cotton fabric.
Mussel	Bivalve mollusc, esp. Of the kind used for food.
Must1	aux.
Must1	a be obliged to
Must1	in ironic questions
Must1	be certainly
Must1	ought to
Must1	expressing insistence
Must1	not be permitted to, be forbidden to
Must1	ought not; need not
Must1	expressing insistence that something should not be done
Must1	Thing that should not be missed
Must2	Grape juice before fermentation is complete.
Mustache	hair left to grow on a man's upper lip.
Mustang	Small wild horse of mexico and california.
Mustard	a plant with slender pods and yellow flowers.
Mustard	seeds of this crushed into a paste and used as a spicy condiment.
Mustard	plant eaten at the seedling stage, often with cress.
Mustard	brownish-yellow colour.
Mustard gas	Colourless oily liquid, whose vapour is a powerful irritant.
Muster	collect
Muster	for inspection, to check numbers, etc.
Muster	collect, gather together.
Muster	summon
Muster	Assembly of persons for inspection.
Mustn't	Must not.
Mustn't	Must not.
Musty	mouldy, stale.
Musty	dull, antiquated.
Musty	Mustiness
Mutable	Literary liable to change.
Mutagen	Agent promoting genetic mutation.
Mutagen	Mutagenesis
Mutant	Resulting from mutation.
Mutant	Mutant organism or gene.
Mutate	undergo mutation.
Mutation	change, alteration.
Mutation	genetic change which, when transmitted to offspring, gives rise to heritable variations.
Mutation	mutant.
Mutatis mutandis	making the necessary alterations.
Mute	silent, refraining from or temporarily bereft of speech.
Mute	dumb.
Mute	not expressed in speech
Mute	not pronounced.
Mute	dumb person.
Mute	device for damping the sound of a musical instrument.
Mute	unsounded consonant.
Mute	deaden or soften the sound of (esp.
Mute	musical instrument).
Mute	a tone down, make less intense.
Mute	(as muted
Mute	Subdued.
Mute	Muteness
Mute button	Device on a telephone to temporarily prevent the caller from hearing what is being said at the receiver's end, or on a television etc. To temporarily turn off the sound.
Mute swan	Common white swan.
Mutilate	a deprive
Mutilate	of a limb or organ.
Mutilate	destroy the use of
Mutilate	excise or damage part of
Mutineer	Person who mutinies.
Mutinous	Rebellious; ready to mutiny.
Mutiny	open revolt, esp. By soldiers or sailors against their officers.
Mutiny	revolt; engage in mutiny.
Mutt	ignorant or stupid person.
Mutt	derog. Dog.
Mutter	Utter
Mutter	in a barely audible manner.
Mutter	murmur or grumble.
Mutter	muttered words or sounds.
Mutter	muttering.
Mutton	Flesh of sheep as food.
Mutton dressed as lamb	Middle-aged or elderly woman dressed to appear younger.
Mutton-head	Stupid person.
Mutual	Experienced or done by each of two or more parties to or towards the other
Mutual	Common to two or more persons
Mutual	having the same
Mutual	relationship to each other
Mutual	Mutually
Muzak	propr. System of piped music used in public places.
Muzak	recorded light background music.
Muzzle	projecting part of an animal's face, including the nose and mouth.
Muzzle	guard, usu. Of straps or wire, put over an animal's nose and mouth to stop it biting or feeding.
Muzzle	open end of a firearm.
Muzzle	put a muzzle on.
Muzzle	impose silence on.
Muzzy	mentally hazy.
Muzzy	blurred, indistinct.
Muzzy	Muzziness
Mw	megawatt
Mw	medium wave.
My	of or belonging to me.
My	affectionate, patronizing, etc. Form of address
My	in expressions of surprise
My	Indicating a close relative etc. Of the speaker
Myalgia	Muscular pain.
Mycelium	microscopic threadlike parts of a fungus.
Mycenaean	Of the late bronze age civilization in greece
Mycenaean	, depicted in the homeric poems.
Mycenaean	Person of this civilization.
Mycology	the study of fungi.
Mycology	fungi of a particular region.
Myna	talking bird of the starling family.
Myopia	short-sightedness.
Myopia	lack of imagination or insight.
Myopia	Myopically
Myrrh	Gum resin used in perfume, medicine, incense, etc.
Myrtle	Evergreen shrub with shiny leaves and white scented flowers.
Myself	emphat. Form of *i2 or *me1
Myself	refl. Form of *me1
Mysterious	Full of or wrapped in mystery.
Mystery	secret, hidden, or inexplicable matter.
Mystery	secrecy or obscurity.
Mystery	Secret, undisclosed
Mystery	practice of making a secret of things
Mystery	fictional work dealing with a puzzling event, esp.
Mystery	murder.
Mystery	a religious truth divinely revealed.
Mystery	(in
Mystery	secret religious rites of the ancient greeks, romans, etc. B
Mystery	eucharist.
Mystery play	Miracle play.
Mystery tour	Pleasure trip to an unspecified destination.
Mystic	Person who seeks by contemplation etc. To achieve unity with the deity, or who believes in the spiritual apprehension of truths that are beyond the understanding.
Mystical	of mystics or mysticism.
Mystical	mysterious; occult; of hidden meaning.
Mystical	spiritually allegorical or symbolic.
Mystify	bewilder, confuse.
Mystify	wrap in mystery.
Mystique	Atmosphere of mystery and veneration attending some activity, person, profession, etc.
Myth	traditional story usu. Involving supernatural or imaginary persons and embodying popular ideas on natural or social phenomena etc.
Myth	such narratives collectively.
Myth	widely held but false notion.
Myth	fictitious person, thing, or idea.
Myth	allegory
Myth	Mythically
Mythology	body of myths.
Mythology	the study of myths.
Mythology	Mythologize
Myxomatosis	Viral disease of rabbits.
N1	fourteenth letter of the alphabet.
N1	indefinite number.
N2	(also
N2	north; northern.
N2	new.
N3	Nitrogen.
N	(also
N	name.
N	neuter.
Na	Sodium.
Naafi	navy, army, and air force institutes.
Naafi	canteen for servicemen run by the naafi.
Nab	arrest; catch in wrongdoing.
Nab	grab.
Nacho	tortilla chip, usu. Topped with melted cheese and spices etc.
Nacre	Mother-of-pearl from any shelled mollusc.
Nadir	part of the celestial sphere directly below an observer.
Nadir	lowest point; time of deep despair.
Naevus	raised red birthmark.
Naff	unfashionable.
Naff	rubbishy.
Nag1	a persistently criticize or scold.
Nag1	find fault or urge, esp. Persistently.
Nag1	be persistent.
Nag2	Horse.
Naiad	Water-nymph.
Nail	small metal spike hammered in to join things together or as a peg or decoration.
Nail	horny covering on the upper surface of the tip of the human finger or toe.
Nail	fasten with a nail or nails.
Nail	secure or get hold of
Nail	keep
Nail	Fixed.
Nail	expose or discover
Nail	bind
Nail	to a promise etc.
Nail	define precisely.
Nail	fasten
Nail	with nails. Nail in a person's coffin something thought to increase the risk of death. On the nail
Nail	without delay.
Nail-file	Roughened metal or emery strip used for smoothing the nails.
Nail polish	varnish, usu. Coloured, applied to the nails.
Naïve	innocent; unaffected.
Naïve	foolishly credulous.
Naïve	produced in a sophisticated society but lacking conventional expertise.
Naïve	Naïvety
Naked	without clothes; nude.
Naked	without its usual covering.
Naked	undisguised
Naked	Unprotected or unsheathed.
Naked	Nakedness
Naked eye	unassisted vision, e.g. Without a telescope etc.
Namby-pamby	Insipidly pretty or sentimental; weak.
Namby-pamby	namby-pamby person.
Name	word by which an individual person, family, animal, place, or thing is spoken of etc.
Name	term used of a person etc.
Name	word denoting an object or esp.
Name	class of objects etc.
Name	famous person.
Name	reputation, esp.
Name	good one.
Name	give a name to.
Name	state the name of.
Name	mention; specify; cite.
Name	nominate.
Name-day	Feast-day of the saint after whom a person is named.
Name-dropping	Familiar mention of famous people as a form of boasting.
Nameless	having or showing no name.
Nameless	unnamed
Nameless	too horrific to be named
Namely	That is to say; in other words.
Name-plate	Plate or panel bearing the name of an occupant of a room etc.
Namesake	Person or thing having the same name as another.
Nan	Grandmother.
Nancy	offens. Effeminate man, esp.
Nancy	homosexual.
Nanny	child's nurse.
Nanny	Grandmother.
Nanny	female goat.
Nano-	Form denoting a factor of
Nano-	0-9
Nap1	sleep lightly or briefly.
Nap1	Short sleep or doze, esp. By day.
Nap2	Raised pile on textiles, esp. Velvet.
Nap3	form of whist in which players declare the number of tricks they expect to take.
Nap3	racing tip claimed to be almost a certainty.
Nap3	name
Nap3	As a probable winner.
Nap3	attempt to take all five tricks in nap.
Napalm	Thick jellied hydrocarbon mixture used in bombs.
Napalm	Attack with napalm bombs.
Nape	Back of the neck.
Naphtha	Inflammable hydrocarbon distilled from coal etc.
Naphthalene	White crystalline substance produced by distilling coal tar.
Napkin	piece of linen etc. For wiping the lips, fingers, etc. At meals.
Napkin	baby's nappy.
Nappy	piece of towelling etc. Wrapped round a baby to absorb or retain urine and faeces.
Narcissism	Excessive or erotic interest in oneself.
Narcissus	any of several flowering bulbs, including the daffodil.
Narcosis	state of insensibility.
Narcosis	induction of this.
Narcotic	inducing drowsiness etc.
Narcotic	affecting the mind.
Narcotic	Narcotic substance, drug, or influence.
Nark	Police informer or decoy.
Nark	Annoy.
Narrate	give a continuous story or account of.
Narrate	provide a spoken accompaniment for
Narrate	Narrator
Narrative	Ordered account of connected events.
Narrative	Of or by narration.
Narrow	a of small width.
Narrow	confined or confining
Narrow	of limited scope
Narrow	with little margin
Narrow	precise; exact.
Narrow	(usu. In
Narrow	) Narrow part of a strait, river, pass, street, etc.
Narrow	Become or make narrow; contract; lessen.
Narrow	Narrowness
Narrow boat	Canal boat.
Narrow-minded	Rigid or restricted in one's views, intolerant.
Narwhal	Arctic white whale, the male of which has a long tusk.
Nasa	national aeronautics and space administration.
Nasal	of the nose.
Nasal	pronounced with the breath passing through the nose, e.g. M, n, ng.
Nasal	having many nasal sounds.
Nasal	Nasal letter or sound.
Nasal	. Nasally
Nascent	in the act of being born.
Nascent	just beginning to be; not yet mature.
Nasturtium	Trailing plant with edible leaves and bright orange, yellow, or red flowers.
Nasty	highly unpleasant.
Nasty	difficult to negotiate.
Nasty	ill-natured.
Nasty	Horror film, esp. One on video and depicting cruelty or killing.
Nasty	Nastiness
Nasty piece of work	Unpleasant or contemptible person.
Nat.	national.
Nat.	nationalist.
Nat.	natural.
Natal	Of or from one's birth.
Nation	Community of people of mainly common descent, history, language, etc., forming a state or inhabiting a territory.
National	of a, or the, nation.
National	characteristic of a particular nation.
National	citizen of a specified country.
National	fellow-countryman.
National anthem	Song adopted by a nation, intended to inspire patriotism.
National curriculum	Common programme of study for pupils in the maintained schools of england and wales, with tests at specified ages.
National debt	Money owed by a state because of loans to it.
National front	Uk political party with extreme reactionary views on immigration etc.
National grid	network of high-voltage electric power lines between major power stations.
National grid	metric system of geographical coordinates used in maps of the british isles.
National health	system of national medical care paid for mainly by taxation.
National insurance	System of compulsory payments by employed persons
National insurance	to provide state assistance in sickness etc.
Nationalism	patriotic feeling, principles, etc.
Nationalism	policy of national independence.
Nationalism	Nationalistic
Nationality	status of belonging to a particular nation
Nationality	condition of being national; distinctive national qualities.
Nationality	ethnic group forming a part of one or more political nations.
Nationalize	take
Nationalize	Into state ownership.
Nationalize	make national.
National park	Area of natural beauty protected by the state for the use of the public.
National service	Hist. Conscripted peacetime military service.
Nationwide	Extending over the whole nation.
Native	person born in a specified place.
Native	local inhabitant.
Native	often offens. Member of a non-white indigenous people, as regarded by colonial settlers.
Native	indigenous animal or plant.
Native	inherent; innate.
Native	of one's birth
Native	belonging to a specified place.
Native	indigenous; born in a place.
Native	Found in a pure or uncombined state.
Nativity	a christ's birth.
Nativity	festival of christ's birth.
Nativity	birth.
Nato	north atlantic treaty organization.
Natter	Chatter idly.
Natter	Aimless chatter.
Natterjack	kind of small toad.
Natty	Trim; smart.
Natural	a existing in or caused by nature
Natural	uncultivated
Natural	in the course of nature
Natural	not surprising; to be expected
Natural	unaffected, spontaneous.
Natural	innate
Natural	not disguised or altered
Natural	likely or suited by its or their nature to be such
Natural	physically existing
Natural	illegitimate.
Natural	not sharpened or flattened
Natural	person or thing naturally suitable, adept, etc.
Natural	sign denoting a return to natural pitch.
Natural	natural note.
Natural gas	Gas found in the earth's crust, not manufactured.
Natural history	The study of animals or plants.
Naturalism	theory or practice in art and literature of realistic representation.
Naturalism	a theory of the world that excludes the supernatural or spiritual.
Naturalism	moral or religious system based on this.
Naturalist	person who studies natural history.
Naturalist	adherent of naturalism.
Naturalize	admit
Naturalize	to citizenship.
Naturalize	successfully introduce
Naturalize	Into another region.
Naturalize	adopt
Natural law	unchanging moral principles common to all human beings.
Natural law	correct statement of an invariable sequence between specified conditions and a specified phenomenon.
Naturally	in a natural manner.
Naturally	as might be expected; of course.
Natural number	Whole number greater than
Natural resources	pl. Materials or conditions occurring in nature and capable of economic exploitation.
Natural science	the study of the natural or physical world.
Natural science	(in
Natural science	) Sciences used for this.
Natural selection	Darwinian theory of the survival and propagation of organisms best adapted to their environment.
Nature	thing's or person's innate or essential qualities or character.
Nature	a physical power causing all material phenomena.
Nature	these phenomena.
Nature	kind or class
Nature	inherent impulses determining character or action.
Nature	inevitable.
Nature	inevitably.
Natured	(in
Natured	) Having a specified disposition
Nature reserve	Tract of land managed so as to preserve its flora, fauna, physical features, etc.
Nature trail	Signposted path through the countryside designed to draw attention to natural phenomena.
Naturism	Nudism.
Naught	or literary
Naught	Nothing, nought.
Naught	(usu.
Naught	) Worthless; useless.
Naughty	disobedient; badly behaved.
Naughty	Joc. Indecent.
Naughty	Naughtiness
Nausea	inclination to vomit.
Nausea	revulsion.
Nauseate	affect with nausea.
Nauseate	Nauseatingly
Nauseous	causing nausea.
Nauseous	inclined to vomit
Nauseous	disgusting; loathsome.
Nautical	Of sailors or navigation.
Nautical mile	Unit of approx.
Nautical mile	,025 yards
Nautilus	cephalopod mollusc with a spiral shell, esp.
Nautilus	one having a chambered shell.
Naval	of the or a navy.
Naval	of ships.
Nave1	Central part of a church, usu. From the west door to the chancel excluding the side aisles.
Nave2	Hub of a wheel.
Navel	Depression in the centre of the belly marking the site of attachment of the umbilical cord.
Navel orange	Orange with a navel-like formation at the top.
Navigable	Suitable for ships to pass through.
Navigable	seaworthy.
Navigable	steerable.
Navigate	manage or direct the course of
Navigate	using maps and instruments.
Navigate	a sail on
Navigate	fly through
Navigate	Assist the driver by map-reading etc.
Navigate	sail a ship; sail in a ship.
Navigation	act or process of navigating.
Navigation	art or science of navigating.
Navvy	labourer employed in building or excavating roads, canals, etc.
Navvy	work as a navvy.
Navy	a whole body of a state's ships of war, including crews, maintenance systems, etc.
Navy	officers and men of a navy.
Navy	dark-blue colour as of naval uniforms.
Navy	poet. Fleet of ships.
Nay	or rather; and even; and more than that
Nay	Utterance of ‘nay’; ‘no’ vote.
Nazarene	christ.
Nazarene	christian.
Nazarene	native or inhabitant of nazareth.
Nazarene	Of nazareth.
Nazi	hist. Member of the german national socialist party.
Nazi	Of the nazis or nazism.
Nb	Note well.
Nb	Niobium.
Ncb	Hist. National coal board.
Nco	Non-commissioned officer.
Ncp	National car parks.
Nd	Neodymium.
Ne	north-east.
Ne	north-eastern.
Ne	Neon.
Neanderthal	Of the type of human widely distributed in palaeolithic europe, with a retreating forehead and massive brow-ridges.
Neap	tide at the times of the month when there is least difference between high and low water.
Neapolitan	Native or citizen of naples.
Neapolitan	Of naples.
Near	to or at a short distance in space or time.
Near	closely
Near	to or at a short distance from
Near	(in
Near	) Almost
Near	close
Near	, not far
Near	a closely related.
Near	intimate.
Near	on the left side.
Near	close; narrow
Near	similar
Near	Niggardly.
Near	Approach; draw near to.
Near	Verging on the indecent.
Near	Nearness
Nearby	Near in position.
Nearby	Close; not far away.
Near east	region comprising the countries of the eastern mediterranean.
Nearly	almost.
Nearly	closely.
Near miss	bomb etc. Falling close to the target.
Near miss	narrowly avoided collision.
Near miss	not quite successful attempt.
Nearside	(often
Nearside	) Left side of a vehicle, animal, etc.
Near thing	Narrow escape.
Neat	tidy and methodical.
Neat	elegantly simple.
Neat	brief, clear, and pointed.
Neat	a cleverly executed.
Neat	dexterous.
Neat	undiluted.
Neat	Neatness
Neaten	Make neat.
Neath	Poet. Beneath.
Nebula	cloud of gas and dust seen in the night sky, sometimes glowing and sometimes appearing as a dark silhouette.
Nebulous	cloudlike.
Nebulous	indistinct, vague.
Nec	National executive committee.
Necessary	requiring to be done; requisite, essential.
Necessary	determined, existing, or happening by natural laws etc., not by free will; inevitable.
Necessary	(usu. In
Necessary	) Any of the basic requirements of life.
Necessary	money.
Necessary	an action etc. Needed for a purpose.
Necessitarian	Person who holds that all action is predetermined and free will is impossible.
Necessitarian	Of such a person or theory.
Necessitate	make necessary
Necessitous	Poor; needy.
Necessity	indispensable thing.
Necessity	pressure of circumstances.
Necessity	imperative need.
Necessity	want; poverty.
Necessity	constraint or compulsion regarded as a natural law governing all human action.
Neck	a part of the body connecting the head to the shoulders.
Neck	part of a garment round the neck.
Neck	something resembling a neck; narrow part of a cavity, vessel, or object such as a bottle or violin.
Neck	length of a horse's head and neck as a measure of its lead in a race.
Neck	flesh of an animal's neck as food.
Neck	impudence.
Neck	Kiss and caress amorously.
Neck	be severely reprimanded or punished.
Neck	suffer a severe blow. Up to one's neck
Neck	Very deeply involved; very busy.
Neck and neck	level in a race etc.
Neckband	Strip of material round the neck of a garment.
Neckerchief	Square of cloth worn round the neck.
Necklace	chain or string of beads, precious stones, etc., worn round the neck.
Necklace	s.afr. Tyre soaked or filled with petrol, placed round a victim's neck, and set alight.
Neckline	Edge or shape of a garment-opening at the neck.
Necktie	Esp. Us
Necro-	Form corpse.
Necromancy	divination by supposed communication with the dead.
Necromancy	magic.
Necrophilia	Morbid and esp. Sexual attraction to corpses.
Necropolis	Ancient cemetery or burial place.
Necrosis	Death of tissue.
Nectar	sugary substance produced by plants and made into honey by bees.
Nectar	the drink of the gods.
Nectar	drink compared to this.
Nectarine	Smooth-skinned variety of peach.
Nedc	National economic development council.
Neddy	donkey.
Nee	born
Née	born
Need	stand in want of; require.
Need	(foll. By to + infin.;
Need	rd sing. Present neg. Or
Need	Need without to) be under the necessity or obligation
Need	requirement
Need	circumstances requiring some course of action
Needful	Requisite.
Needle	a very thin pointed rod of smooth steel etc. With a slit
Needle	for thread at the blunt end, used in sewing.
Needle	larger plastic, wooden, etc. Slender rod without an eye, used in knitting etc.
Needle	pointer on a dial.
Needle	any of several small thin pointed instruments, esp.: a the end of a hypodermic syringe.
Needle	a obelisk
Needle	pointed rock or peak.
Needle	leaf of a fir or pine tree.
Needle	fit of bad temper or nervousness.
Needle	Irritate; provoke.
Needlecord	Fine-ribbed corduroy fabric.
Needle-point	lace made with needles, not bobbins.
Needless	unnecessary.
Needless	uncalled for.
Needlewoman	seamstress.
Needlewoman	woman or girl with specified sewing skill.
Needlework	Sewing or embroidery.
Needs	of necessity.
Needy	poor; destitute.
Ne'er	Poet.
Ne'er-do-well	Good-for-nothing person.
Ne'er-do-well	Good-for-nothing.
Nefarious	Wicked.
Neg.	Esp. Photog. Negative.
Negate	nullify.
Negate	assert or imply the non-existence of.
Negation	absence or opposite of something actual or positive.
Negation	act of denying.
Negation	negative statement.
Negation	negative or unreal thing.
Negative	expressing or implying denial, prohibition, or refusal
Negative	lacking positive attributes.
Negative	marked by the absence of qualities
Negative	of the opposite nature to a thing regarded as positive.
Negative	less than zero, to be subtracted from others or from zero.
Negative	electr.
Negative	of the kind of charge carried by electrons.
Negative	containing or producing such a charge.
Negative	negative statement or word.
Negative	photog.
Negative	image with black and white reversed or colours replaced by complementary ones, from which positive pictures are obtained.
Negative	developed film or plate bearing such an image.
Negative	refuse to accept or countenance; veto.
Negative	disprove.
Negative	contradict
Negative	neutralize
Negative	Negativity
Negativism	Negative attitude; extreme scepticism.
Neglect	fail to care for or to do; be remiss about.
Neglect	Fail; overlook the need to.
Neglect	not pay attention to; disregard.
Neglect	negligence.
Neglect	neglecting or being neglected.
Neglect	disregard.
Neglect	Neglectfully
Negligée	woman's flimsy dressing-gown.
Negligence	lack of proper care and attention.
Negligence	culpable carelessness.
Negligence	Negligently
Negligible	Not worth considering; insignificant.
Negotiable	open to discussion.
Negotiable	able to be negotiated.
Negotiate	confer in order to reach an agreement.
Negotiate	arrange
Negotiate	or bring about
Negotiate	by negotiating.
Negotiate	find a way over, through, etc.
Negotiate	convert
Negotiate	Into money.
Negotiate	Negotiator
Negress	Female negro.
Negritude	state of being black.
Negritude	affirmation of black culture.
Negro	member of a dark-skinned race orig. Native to africa.
Negro	of negroes.
Negro	zool. Black or dark.
Negroid	Characteristic of black people.
Negroid	Black.
Neigh	Cry of a horse.
Neigh	Make a neigh.
Neighbor	person living next door to or near or nearest another.
Neighbor	fellow human being.
Neighbor	person or thing near or next to another.
Neighbor	Border on; adjoin.
Neighborhood	district; vicinity.
Neighborhood	people of a district.
Neighborly	like a good neighbour; friendly; kind.
Neighbour	person living next door to or near or nearest another.
Neighbour	fellow human being.
Neighbour	person or thing near or next to another.
Neighbour	Border on; adjoin.
Neighbourhood	district; vicinity.
Neighbourhood	people of a district.
Neighbourhood watch	Organized local vigilance by householders to discourage crime.
Neighbourly	like a good neighbour; friendly; kind.
Neither	not the one nor the other
Neither	; not either
Neither	not either; not on the one hand
Neither	also not
Neither	nor yet; nor
Nelson	Wrestling-hold in which one arm is passed under the opponent's arm from behind and the hand is applied to the neck
Nelson	, or both arms and hands are applied
Nematode	Worm with a slender unsegmented cylindrical shape.
Nem. Con.	With no one dissenting.
Nemesis	retributive justice.
Nemesis	downfall caused by this.
Neo-	Form
Neo-	new, modern.
Neo-	new form of.
Neoclassicism	Revival of classical style or treatment in the arts.
Neodymium	Metallic element of the lanthanide series.
Neolithic	Of the later part of the stone age.
Neologism	new word.
Neologism	coining of new words.
Neon	Inert gaseous element giving an orange glow when electricity is passed through it.
Neophyte	new convert.
Neophyte	rc ch. Novice of a religious order.
Neophyte	beginner.
Nephew	Son of one's brother or sister or of one's spouse's brother or sister.
Nephritic	of or in the kidneys.
Nephritic	of nephritis.
Nephritis	Inflammation of the kidneys.
Ne plus ultra	furthest attainable point.
Ne plus ultra	acme, perfection.
Nepotism	Favouritism shown to relatives in conferring offices.
Neptunium	Transuranic metallic element produced when uranium atoms absorb bombarding neutrons.
Nerd	esp. Us
Nerd	foolish, feeble, or uninteresting person.
Nereid	Sea-nymph.
Nerve	a fibre or bundle of fibres that transmits impulses of sensation or motion between the brain or spinal cord and other parts of the body.
Nerve	material constituting these.
Nerve	a coolness in danger; bravery. B
Nerve	Impudence.
Nerve	(in
Nerve	) Nervousness; mental or physical stress.
Nerve	Brace
Nerve	to face danger etc.
Nerve	give strength, vigour, or courage to.
Nerve-cell	Cell transmitting impulses in nerve tissue.
Nerve-centre	group of closely connected nerve-cells.
Nerve-centre	centre of control.
Nerve gas	Poisonous gas affecting the nervous system.
Nerveless	lacking vigour.
Nerveless	diffuse.
Nerve-racking	Causing mental strain.
Nervous	easily upset, timid, highly strung.
Nervous	anxious.
Nervous	affecting the nerves.
Nervous	afraid
Nervous	Nervousness
Nervous breakdown	Period of mental illness, usu. Resulting from severe stress.
Nervous system	Body's network of nerve cells.
Nervy	Nervous; easily excited.
Nescient	Literary
Nescient	lacking knowledge.
-ness	forming nouns from adjectives, expressing:
-ness	state or condition, or an instance of this
-ness	something in a certain state
Nest	structure or place where a bird lays eggs and shelters its young.
Nest	any creature's breeding-place or lair.
Nest	snug retreat or shelter.
Nest	brood or swarm.
Nest	group or set of similar objects, often of different sizes and fitting one inside the other
Nest	use or build a nest.
Nest	take wild birds' nests or eggs.
Nest	fit together or one inside another.
Nest egg	Sum of money saved for the future.
Nestle	Settle oneself comfortably.
Nestle	press oneself against another in affection etc.
Nestle	Push
Nestle	Affectionately or snugly.
Nestle	lie half hidden or embedded.
Nestling	Bird too young to leave its nest.
Net1	open-meshed fabric of cord, rope, etc.
Net1	piece of net used esp. To restrain, contain, or delimit, or to catch fish etc.
Net1	structure with a net used in various games.
Net1	a cover, confine, or catch with a net.
Net1	procure as with a net.
Net1	hit
Net1	into the net, esp. Of a goal.
Net2	remaining after all necessary deductions.
Net2	not reducible.
Net2	excluding that of the packaging etc.
Net2	Ultimate, actual.
Net2	gain or yield
Net2	as net profit.
Netball	Team game in which goals are scored by throwing a ball through a high horizontal ring from which a net hangs.
Nether regions	pl.
Nether regions	hell; the underworld.
Net profit	Actual gain after working expenses have been paid.
Netting	netted fabric.
Netting	piece of this.
Nettle	plant with jagged leaves covered with stinging hairs.
Nettle	plant resembling this.
Nettle	irritate, provoke.
Nettle-rash	Skin eruption like nettle stings.
Network	arrangement of intersecting horizontal and vertical lines.
Network	complex system of railways etc.
Network	people connected by the exchange of information etc., professionally or socially.
Network	system of connected electrical conductors.
Network	group of broadcasting stations connected for the simultaneous broadcast of a programme.
Network	chain of interconnected computers.
Network	Broadcast on a network.
Neural	Of a nerve or the central nervous system.
Neuralgia	Intense pain along a nerve, esp. In the head or face.
Neuritis	Inflammation of a nerve or nerves.
Neuro-	Form nerve or nerves.
Neurology	The study of nerve systems.
Neurology	Neurologist
Neuron	nerve-cell.
Neurosis	irrational or disturbed behaviour pattern, associated with nervous distress.
Neurosurgery	Surgery on the nervous system, esp. The brain or spinal cord.
Neurosurgery	Neurosurgical
Neurotic	caused by or relating to neurosis.
Neurotic	suffering from neurosis.
Neurotic	Abnormally sensitive or obsessive.
Neurotic	Neurotic person.
Neuter	neither masculine nor feminine.
Neuter	having neither pistils nor stamen.
Neuter	sexually undeveloped.
Neuter	neuter gender or word.
Neuter	a non-fertile insect, esp.
Neuter	worker bee or ant.
Neuter	castrated animal.
Neuter	Castrate or spay.
Neutral	not supporting either of two opposing sides, impartial.
Neutral	belonging to a neutral state etc.
Neutral	indistinct, vague, indeterminate.
Neutral	in which the engine is disconnected from the driven parts.
Neutral	not strong or positive; grey or beige.
Neutral	chem. Neither acid nor alkaline.
Neutral	electr. Neither positive nor negative.
Neutral	biol. Sexually undeveloped; asexual.
Neutral	a neutral state or person.
Neutral	citizen of a neutral state.
Neutral	neutral gear.
Neutralize	make neutral.
Neutralize	make ineffective by an opposite force or effect.
Neutralize	exempt or exclude
Neutralize	from the sphere of hostilities.
Neutrino	elementary particle with zero electric charge and probably zero mass.
Neutron	Elementary particle of about the same mass as a proton but without an electric charge.
Neutron bomb	Bomb producing neutrons and little blast, destroying life but not property.
Never	a at no time; on no occasion; not ever. B
Never	As an emphatic negative
Never	not at all
Never	surely not
Nevermore	At no future time.
Never-never	Hire purchase.
Nevertheless	In spite of that; notwithstanding.
Nevus	raised red birthmark.
New	a of recent origin or arrival.
New	made, discovered, acquired, or experienced recently or now for the first time.
New	in original condition; not worn or used.
New	a renewed; reformed
New	reinvigorated
New	different from a recent previous one
New	unfamiliar or strange
New	often derog.
New	later, modern.
New	newfangled.
New	given to new or modern ideas.
New	recently affected by social change
New	advanced in method or theory.
New	discovered or founded later than and named after
New	(usu. In
New	) Newly, recently
New	Newness
New age	Set of beliefs replacing traditional western culture, with alternative approaches to religion, medicine, the environment, etc.
New arrival	Newborn child.
Newborn	Recently born.
New broom	New employee etc. Eager to make changes.
Newcomer	person who has recently arrived.
Newcomer	beginner in some activity.
Newel	supporting central post of winding stairs.
Newel	top or bottom supporting post of a stair-rail.
Newfangled	Derog. Different from what one is used to; objectionably new.
Newly	recently.
Newly	afresh, anew.
Newly-wed	Recently married person.
New mathematics	pl.
New mathematics	System of elementary maths teaching with an emphasis on investigation and set theory.
New moon	moon when first seen as a crescent after conjunction with the sun.
New moon	time of its appearance.
New potatoes	pl. Earliest potatoes of a new crop.
News	pl.
News	information about important or interesting recent events, esp. When published or broadcast.
News	broadcast report of news.
News	newly received or noteworthy information.
Newsagent	Seller of or shop selling newspapers etc.
Newscast	Radio or television broadcast of news reports.
News conference	Press conference.
Newsflash	Single item of important news, broadcast urgently and often interrupting other programmes.
Newsletter	Informal printed report issued periodically to members of a club etc.
Newspaper	printed publication of loose folded sheets containing news, advertisements, correspondence, etc.
Newspaper	paper forming this
Newspeak	Ambiguous euphemistic language used esp. In political propaganda.
Newsprint	Low-quality paper on which newspapers are printed.
Newsreader	Person who reads out broadcast news bulletins.
Newsreel	Short cinema film of recent events.
News room	Room in a newspaper or broadcasting office where news is processed.
News-sheet	Simple form of newspaper; newsletter.
News-stand	Stall for the sale of newspapers.
New star	Nova.
New style	Dating reckoned by the gregorian calendar.
News-vendor	Newspaper-seller.
Newsworthy	Topical; noteworthy as news.
Newsy	Full of news.
Newt	Small amphibian with a well-developed tail.
New testament	Part of the bible concerned with the life and teachings of christ and his earliest followers.
Newton	Si unit of force that, acting on a mass of one kilogram, increases its velocity by one metre per second every second.
New town	Town planned and built all at once with government funds.
New wave	style of rock music.
New world	North and south america.
New year	Year just begun or about to begin; first few days of a year.
New year's day	january.
New year's eve	1 december.
Next	being, positioned, or living nearest.
Next	nearest in order of time; soonest encountered
Next	in the nearest place or degree
Next	on the first or soonest occasion
Next	Next person or thing.
Next	Next to.
Next-best	The next in order of preference.
Next door	(as
Next door	Often hyphenated) in the next house or room.
Next of kin	sing. &
Next of kin	Closest living relative
Next world	life after death.
Nexus	connected group or series.
Nhs	National health service.
Ni	northern ireland.
Ni	national insurance.
Ni	Nickel.
Nib	pen-point.
Nib	(in
Nib	) Shelled and crushed coffee or cocoa beans.
Nibble	a take small bites at.
Nibble	take cautious interest in.
Nibble	eat in small amounts.
Nibble	bite at gently, cautiously, or playfully.
Nibble	act of nibbling.
Nibble	very small amount of food.
Nibs	Mock title used with reference to an important or self-important person.
Nice	pleasant, satisfactory.
Nice	kind, good-natured.
Nice	iron. Bad or awkward
Nice	fine or subtle
Nice	fastidious; delicately sensitive.
Nice	(foll. By an
Nice	, often with and) satisfactory in terms of the quality described
Nice	Niceness
Nice	Nicish
Nicety	subtle distinction or detail.
Nicety	precision.
Niche	shallow recess, esp. In a wall.
Niche	comfortable or apt position in life or employment.
Niche	position from which an entrepreneur exploits a gap in the market; profitable corner of the market.
Nick	small cut or notch.
Nick	a prison.
Nick	police station.
Nick	Condition
Nick	make a nick or nicks in.
Nick	a steal.
Nick	arrest, catch.
Nickel	silver-white metallic element, used esp. In magnetic alloys.
Nickel	Us five-cent coin.
Nickel steel	Type of stainless steel with chromium and nickel.
Nicker	pound sterling.
Nickname	Familiar or humorous name given to a person or thing instead of or as well as the real name.
Nickname	give a nickname to.
Nickname	call by a nickname.
Nicotine	Poisonous alkaloid present in tobacco.
Nicotinic acid	Vitamin of the b complex.
Nictitate	blink or wink.
Nictitating membrane	Transparent third eyelid in amphibians, birds, and some other animals.
Niece	Daughter of one's brother or sister or of one's spouse's brother or sister.
Niff	Smell, stink.
Nifty	clever, adroit.
Nifty	smart, stylish.
Niggard	Stingy person.
Niggardly	Stingy.
Nigger	Offens. Black or dark-skinned person.
Niggle	be over-attentive to details.
Niggle	find fault in a petty way.
Niggle	Irritate; nag pettily.
Nigh	or dial. Near.
Night	period of darkness between one day and the next; time from sunset to sunrise.
Night	nightfall.
Night	darkness of night.
Night	night or evening appointed for some activity regarded in a certain way
Nightbird	Person who is most active at night.
Nightcap	hist. Cap worn in bed.
Nightcap	hot or alcoholic drink taken at bedtime.
Nightclub	Club providing refreshment and entertainment late at night.
Nightdress	Woman's or child's loose garment worn in bed.
Nightfall	End of daylight.
Nightie	Nightdress.
Nightingale	Small reddish-brown bird, of which the male sings melodiously, esp. At night.
Nightjar	Nocturnal bird with a characteristic harsh cry.
Night-life	Entertainment available at night in a town.
Night-light	Dim light kept burning in a bedroom at night.
Night-long	Throughout the night.
Nightly	happening, done, or existing in the night.
Nightly	recurring every night.
Nightly	Every night.
Nightmare	frightening dream.
Nightmare	Frightening or unpleasant experience or situation.
Nightmare	haunting fear.
Night safe	Safe with access from the outer wall of a bank for the deposit of money etc. When the bank is closed.
Night school	Institution providing classes in the evening.
Nightshade	Any of various plants with poisonous berries.
Nightshirt	Long shirt worn in bed.
Nightspot	Nightclub.
Night-time	Time of darkness.
Night-watchman	person employed to keep watch at night.
Night-watchman	cricket inferior batsman sent in near the close of a day's play.
Nihilism	rejection of all religious and moral principles.
Nihilism	belief that nothing really exists.
Nihilism	Nihilistic
-nik	forming nouns denoting a person associated with a specified thing or quality
Nikkei index	a figure indicating the relative price of representative shares on the tokyo stock exchange.
Nil	Nothing; no number or amount
Nimble	quick and light in movement or function; agile.
Nimbus	halo.
Nimbus	rain-cloud.
Nimby	Objecting to the siting of unpleasant developments in one's own locality.
Nimby	person who so objects.
Nincompoop	Foolish person.
Nine	one more than eight.
Nine	symbol for this
Nine	size etc. Denoted by nine.
Nine days' wonder	Person or thing that is briefly famous.
Ninefold	nine times as much or as many.
Ninefold	consisting of nine parts.
Ninepin	(in
Ninepin	; usu. Treated as sing.) Game in which nine pins are bowled at.
Ninepin	pin used in this game.
Nineteen	one more than eighteen.
Nineteen	symbol for this
Nineteen	size etc. Denoted by nineteen.
Ninety	product of nine and ten.
Ninety	symbol for this
Ninety	(in
Ninety	) Numbers from
Ninety	0 to
Ninety	9, esp. The years of a century or of a person's life.
Ninny	foolish person.
Ninth	next after eighth.
Ninth	any of nine equal parts of a thing.
Niobium	Rare metallic element occurring naturally.
Nip	offens. Japanese person.
Nip1	pinch, squeeze, or bite sharply.
Nip1	remove by pinching etc.
Nip1	Cause pain or harm to.
Nip1	Go nimbly or quickly.
Nip1	a pinch, sharp squeeze.
Nip1	bite.
Nip1	biting cold.
Nip2	Small quantity of spirits.
Nipper	person or thing that nips.
Nipper	claw of a crab etc.
Nipper	Young child.
Nipper	(in
Nipper	) Any tool for gripping or cutting.
Nipple	small projection in which the mammary ducts of either sex of mammals terminate and from which in females milk is secreted for the young.
Nipple	teat of a feeding-bottle.
Nipple	device like a nipple in function.
Nipple	nipple-like protuberance.
Nippy	quick, nimble.
Nippy	chilly.
Nirvana	perfect bliss attained by the extinction of individuality.
Nissen hut	Tunnel-shaped hut of corrugated iron with a cement floor.
Nit	egg or young form of a louse or other parasitic insect.
Nit	stupid person.
Niter	saltpetre.
Nit-picking	Fault-finding in a petty manner.
Nitrate	any salt or ester of nitric acid.
Nitrate	potassium or sodium nitrate as a fertilizer.
Nitrate	treat, combine, or impregnate with nitric acid.
Nitre	saltpetre.
Nitric	Of or containing nitrogen.
Nitric acid	Colourless corrosive poisonous liquid.
Nitride	Binary compound of nitrogen.
Nitrify	impregnate with nitrogen.
Nitrify	convert into nitrites or nitrates.
Nitrite	Any salt or ester of nitrous acid.
Nitro-	Form of or containing nitric acid, nitre, or nitrogen.
Nitrogen	Gaseous element that forms four-fifths of the atmosphere.
Nitroglycerin	explosive yellow liquid made by reacting glycerol with a mixture of concentrated sulphuric and nitric acids.
Nitroglycerine	explosive yellow liquid made by reacting glycerol with a mixture of concentrated sulphuric and nitric acids.
Nitrous oxide	Colourless gas used as an anaesthetic.
Nitty-gritty	realities or practical details of a matter.
Nitwit	Stupid person.
Nne	North-north-east.
Nnw	North-north-west.
No1	Nobelium.
No.	Number.
No1	not any
No1	not a, quite other than
No1	hardly any
No1	used elliptically in a notice etc., to forbid etc. The thing specified
No1	it is impossible.
No1	i will not agree etc. No wonder see *wonder.
No2	indicating that the answer to the question is negative, the statement etc. Made or course of action intended or conclusion arrived at is not correct or satisfactory, the request or command will not be complied with, or the negative statement made is correct.
No2	By no amount; not at all
No2	utterance of the word no.
No2	denial or refusal.
No2	‘no’ vote.
Nob1	person of wealth or high social position.
Nob2	head.
No-ball	Cricket unlawfully delivered ball.
Nobble	try to influence (e.g.
Nobble	judge), esp. Unfairly.
Nobble	tamper with
Nobble	to prevent its winning.
Nobble	steal.
Nobble	seize, catch.
Nobelium	Artificially produced radioactive transuranic metallic element.
Nobel prize	Any of six international prizes awarded annually for physics, chemistry, physiology or medicine, literature, economics, and the promotion of peace.
Nobility	nobleness of character, mind, birth, or rank.
Nobility	class of nobles, highest social class.
Noble	belonging to the aristocracy.
Noble	of excellent character; magnanimous.
Noble	of imposing appearance.
Noble	Nobleman, noblewoman.
Noble	Nobly
Noble gas	Any of a group of gaseous elements that almost never combine with other elements.
Nobleman	Peer.
Noblesse oblige	Privilege entails responsibility.
Noblewoman	Peeress.
Nobody	No person.
Nobody	person of no importance.
No claim bonus	reduction of an insurance premium after an agreed period without a claim.
Nocturnal	Of or in the night; done or active by night.
Nocturne	Short romantic composition, usu. For piano.
Nocturne	picture of a night scene.
Nod	incline one's head slightly and briefly in assent, greeting, or command.
Nod	let one's head fall forward in drowsiness; be drowsy.
Nod	incline
Nod	signify
Nod	By a nod.
Nod	Bend downwards and sway.
Nod	make a mistake due to a momentary lack of alertness or attention.
Nod	Nodding of the head.
Nod	Fall asleep.
Noddle	Head.
Noddy	simpleton.
Noddy	tropical sea bird.
Node	a part of a plant stem from which leaves emerge.
Node	knob on a root or branch.
Node	natural swelling.
Node	either of two points at which a planet's orbit intersects the plane of the ecliptic or the celestial equator.
Node	point of minimum disturbance in a standing wave system.
Node	point at which a curve intersects itself.
Node	component in a computer network.
Nodule	small rounded lump of anything.
Nodule	small tumour, node, or ganglion, or a swelling on the root of a legume containing bacteria etc.
Noel	Christmas.
Noggin	small mug.
Noggin	small measure, usu.
Noggin	/4 pint, of spirits.
Noggin	head.
No go	(usu. Hyphenated when
No go	Impossible, hopeless; forbidden
Noh	traditional japanese drama.
Noise	sound, esp.
Noise	loud or unpleasant one.
Noise	series or confusion of loud sounds.
Noise	irregular fluctuations accompanying a transmitted signal.
Noise	(in
Noise	) Conventional remarks, or speechlike sounds without actual words
Noise	make public; spread abroad
Noiseless	Making little or no noise.
Noisome	Literary
Noisome	harmful, noxious.
Noisome	evil-smelling.
Noisy	making much noise.
Noisy	full of noise.
Noisy	Noisiness
Nomad	member of a tribe roaming from place to place for pasture.
Nomad	wanderer.
No man's land	space between two opposing armies.
No man's land	area not assigned to any owner.
Nom de plume	writer's assumed name.
Nomen	Ancient roman's second or family name, as in marcus tullius cicero.
Nomenclature	person's or community's system of names for things.
Nomenclature	terminology of a science etc.
Nominal	existing in name only; not real or actual.
Nominal	Very small.
Nominal	of or in names
Nominal	of, as, or like a noun.
Nominalism	Doctrine that universals or general ideas are mere names.
Nominalism	Nominalistic
Nominal value	Face value.
Nominate	propose
Nominate	for election.
Nominate	appoint to an office.
Nominate	name or appoint
Nominate	Nominator
Nominative	Case expressing the subject of a verb.
Nominative	Of or in this case.
Nominee	Person who is nominated.
Non- 	giving the negative sense of words with which it is combined.
Non- 	giving the negative sense of words with which it is combined.
Nonagenarian	Person from
Nonagenarian	0 to
Nonagenarian	9 years old.
Non-aggression	Lack of or restraint from aggression (often
Non-aggression	: non-aggression pact).
Nonagon	Plane figure with nine sides and angles.
Non-alcoholic	Containing no alcohol.
Non-aligned	not aligned with a major power.
Non-belligerent	Not engaged in hostilities.
Non-belligerent	Non-belligerent state etc.
Nonce-word	Word coined for one occasion.
Nonchalant	Calm and casual.
Nonchalant	Nonchalantly
Non-com	Non-commissioned officer.
Non-combatant	Person not fighting in a war, esp.
Non-combatant	civilian, army chaplain, etc.
Non-commissioned	not holding a commission.
Noncommittal	Avoiding commitment to a definite opinion or course of action.
Non compos mentis	not in one's right mind.
Non-conductor	Substance that does not conduct heat or electricity.
Nonconformist	person who does not conform to the doctrine or discipline of an established church, esp.
Nonconformist	member of a
Nonconformist	sect dissenting from the anglican church.
Nonconformist	person who does not conform to a prevailing principle.
Nonconformity	nonconformists as a body, or their principles.
Nonconformity	failure to conform.
Nonconformity	lack of correspondence between things.
Non-contributory	Not involving contributions.
Non-cooperation	Failure to cooperate.
Nondescript	Lacking distinctive characteristics, not easily classified.
Nondescript	Nondescript person or thing.
Non-drinker	Person who does not drink alcoholic liquor.
Non-driver	Person who does not drive a motor vehicle.
None	a not any of
None	not any one of
None	a no persons
None	no person
None	not any
None	by no amount; not at all
Nonentity	person or thing of no importance.
Nonentity	a non-existence.
Nonentity	non-existent thing.
Nones	pl. Day of the ancient roman month (the
Nones	th day of march, may, july, and october, the
Nones	th of other months).
Non-essential	Not essential.
Non-essential	Non-essential thing.
Nonetheless	nevertheless.
Non-event	Insignificant event, esp. Contrary to hopes or expectations.
Non-existent	Not existing.
Non-fattening	not containing many calories.
Non-ferrous	other than iron or steel.
Non-fiction	Literary work other than fiction.
Non-flammable	Not inflammable.
Non-intervention	principle or practice of not becoming involved in others' affairs.
Non-member	Person who is not a member.
Non-nuclear	not involving nuclei or nuclear energy.
Non-nuclear	Not having nuclear weapons.
Non-observance	Failure to observe
Non-operational	that does not operate.
Non-operational	out of order.
Nonpareil	Unrivalled or unique.
Nonpareil	Such a person or thing.
Non-partisan	Not partisan.
Non-party	Independent of political parties.
Non-payment	Failure to pay; lack of payment.
Nonplus	completely perplex.
Non-profit-making	not conducted primarily to make a profit.
Non-proliferation	Prevention of an increase in something, esp. Possession of nuclear weapons.
Non-resident	not residing in a particular place.
Non-resident	not requiring the holder to reside at the place of work.
Non-resident	Non-resident person.
Non-resistance	Practice or principle of not resisting authority.
Non-returnable	That is not to be returned.
Non-sectarian	Not sectarian.
Nonsense	(often as
Nonsense	) Absurd or meaningless words or ideas.
Nonsense	foolish or extravagant conduct.
Nonsense	Nonsensically
Non sequitur	Conclusion that does not logically follow from the premisses.
Non-slip	that does not slip.
Non-slip	that inhibits slipping.
Non-smoker	person who does not smoke.
Non-smoker	train compartment etc. Where smoking is forbidden.
Non-specialist	Person who is not a specialist
Non-specific	That cannot be specified.
Non-standard	Not standard.
Non-starter	Person or scheme that is unlikely to succeed.
Non-stick	That does not allow things to stick to it.
Non-stop	Not stopping at intermediate places.
Non-stop	done without a stop or intermission.
Non-stop	Without stopping.
Non-swimmer	Person who cannot swim.
Non-toxic	Not toxic.
Non-transferable	That may not be transferred.
Non-u	Not characteristic of the upper class.
Non-union	not belonging to a trade union.
Non-union	not done or made by trade-union members.
Non-verbal	Not involving words or speech.
Non-violence	Avoidance of violence, esp. As a principle.
Non-voting	not having or using a vote.
Non-voting	not entitling the holder to vote.
Non-white	Not white.
Non-white	Non-white person.
Noodle1	Strip or ring of pasta.
Noodle2	simpleton.
Noodle2	head.
Nook	Corner or recess; secluded place.
Noon	Twelve o'clock in the day, midday.
Noonday	Midday.
No one	No person; nobody.
Noose	loop with a running knot.
Noose	snare, bond.
Noose	catch with or enclose in a noose.
Nor	And not; and not either
Nordic	Of the tall blond long-headed germanic people of scandinavia.
Nordic	Nordic person.
Norfolk jacket	Man's loose belted jacket with box pleats.
Norm	standard, pattern, or type.
Norm	standard amount of work etc.
Norm	customary behaviour etc.
Normal	conforming to a standard; regular, usual, typical.
Normal	free from mental or emotional disorder.
Normal	geom.
Normal	at right angles, perpendicular.
Normal	a normal value of a temperature etc.
Normal	usual state, level, etc.
Normal	line at right angles.
Normal	Esp. Us. Normality
Normal distribution	Function that represents the distribution of many random variables as a symmetrical bell-shaped graph.
Normalize	make or become normal.
Normalize	cause to conform.
Normally	in a normal manner.
Normally	usually.
Norman	native or inhabitant of medieval normandy.
Norman	descendant of the people of mixed scandinavian and frankish origin established there in the
Norman	0th c.
Norman	norman french.
Norman	style of architecture found in britain under the normans.
Norman	of the normans.
Norman	of the norman style of architecture.
Norman conquest	Conquest of england by william of normandy in
Norman conquest	066.
Norman french	French as spoken by the normans or (after
Norman french	066) in english lawcourts.
Normative	Of or establishing a norm.
Norn	Any of three goddesses of destiny in scandinavian mythology.
Norse	norwegian language.
Norse	scandinavian language-group.
Norse	Of ancient scandinavia, esp. Norway.
North	a point of the horizon
North	0° anticlockwise from east.
North	compass point corresponding to this.
North	direction in which this lies.
North	a part of a country or town lying to the north.
North	the industrialized nations.
North	towards, at, near, or facing the north.
North	from the north
North	towards, at, or near the north.
North	further north than.
North american	Of north america.
North american	Native or inhabitant of north america, esp.
North american	citizen of the us or canada.
Northbound	Travelling or leading northwards.
North country	Northern england.
North-east	Part of a country or town to the north-east.
North-east	point of the horizon midway between north and east.
North-east	direction in which this lies.
North-east	Of, towards, or coming from the north-east.
North-east	Towards, at, or near the north-east.
Northeaster	North-east wind.
North-eastern	On the north-east side.
Northerly	in a northern position or direction.
Northerly	from the north.
Northerly	such a wind.
Northern	Of or in the north.
Northerner	Native or inhabitant of the north.
Northern hemisphere	The half of the earth north of the equator.
Northern lights	pl. Aurora borealis.
Northman	Native of scandinavia, esp. Norway.
North-north-east	Point or direction midway between north and north-east.
North-north-west	Point or direction midway between north and north-west.
North pole	Northernmost point of the earth's axis of rotation.
North star	Pole star.
Northward	towards the north.
Northward	Northward direction or region.
North-west	Part of a country or town to the north-west.
North-west	point of the horizon midway between north and west.
North-west	direction in which this lies.
North-west	Of, towards, or coming from the north-west.
North-west	Towards, at, or near the north-west.
Northwester	North-west wind.
North-western	On the north-west side.
Norwegian	a native or national of norway.
Norwegian	person of norwegian descent.
Norwegian	language of norway.
Norwegian	Of or relating to norway.
Nor'wester	Northwester.
Nos.	Of *no.
Nose	organ above the mouth of a human or animal, used for smelling and breathing.
Nose	a sense of smell.
Nose	ability to detect a particular thing
Nose	odour or perfume of wine etc.
Nose	front end or projecting part of a thing, e.g. Of a car or aircraft.
Nose	Pry or search.
Nose	a perceive the smell of, discover by smell.
Nose	detect.
Nose	thrust one's nose against or into.
Nose	make one's way cautiously forward.
Nosebag	Bag containing fodder, hung on a horse's head.
Noseband	Lower band of a bridle, passing over the horse's nose.
Nosebleed	Bleeding from the nose.
Nosedive	steep downward plunge by an aeroplane.
Nosedive	sudden plunge or drop.
Nosedive	make a nosedive.
Nosegay	Small bunch of flowers.
Nose-to-tail	one close behind another.
Nosh	Eat.
Nosh	food or drink.
Nosh	us snack.
Nosh-up	large meal.
Nostalgia	yearning for a past period.
Nostalgia	severe homesickness.
Nostalgia	Nostalgically
Nostril	Either of the two openings in the nose.
Nostrum	quack remedy, patent medicine.
Nostrum	pet scheme, esp. For political or social reform.
Nosy	Inquisitive, prying.
Nosy	Nosiness
Nosy parker	Busybody.
Not	Expressing negation, esp.:
Not	following an auxiliary verb or be or
Not	the subject of such a verb
Not	used elliptically for a negative phrase etc.
Not	almost.
Not	noticeably not
Notable	Worthy of note; remarkable, eminent.
Notable	Eminent person.
Notable	Notably
Notary	solicitor etc. Who attests or certifies deeds etc.
Notation	representation of numbers, quantities, the pitch and duration of musical notes, etc., by symbols.
Notation	any set of such symbols.
Notch	V-shaped indentation on an edge or surface.
Notch	make notches in.
Notch	record or score with or as with notches.
Note	brief written record as an aid to memory (often in
Note	: make notes).
Note	observation, usu. Unwritten, of experiences etc.
Note	short or informal letter.
Note	formal diplomatic communication.
Note	short annotation or additional explanation in a book etc.
Note	written promise of payment.
Note	a notice, attention
Note	eminence
Note	a single musical tone of definite pitch.
Note	written sign representing its pitch and duration.
Note	key of a piano etc.
Note	quality or tone of speaking, expressing mood or attitude etc.
Note	observe, notice; give attention to.
Note	record as a thing to be remembered or observed.
Note	be well known.
Notebook	Small book for making notes in.
Notecase	Wallet for holding banknotes.
Notelet	Small folded usu. Decorated sheet of paper for an informal letter.
Notepaper	Paper for writing letters.
Noteworthy	Worthy of attention; remarkable.
Nothing	not anything
Nothing	no thing
Nothing	person or thing of no importance.
Nothing	non-existence; what does not exist.
Nothing	no amount; nought.
Nothing	Not at all, in no way.
Nothing	have no connection with.
Nothing	not be involved or associated with. For nothing
Nothing	at no cost.
Nothing	to no purpose. Have nothing on
Nothing	be naked.
Nothing	have no engagements. Nothing doing
Nothing	no prospect of success or agreement.
Nothing	i refuse.
Nothingness	non-existence.
Nothingness	worthlessness, triviality.
Notice	attention, observation
Notice	displayed sheet etc. Bearing an announcement.
Notice	a intimation or warning, esp.
Notice	formal one.
Notice	formal announcement or declaration of intention to end an agreement or leave employment at a specified time.
Notice	short published review of a new play, book, etc.
Notice	Perceive, observe.
Notice	observe.
Notice	act upon.
Noticeable	Perceptible; noteworthy.
Notice-board	Board for displaying notices.
Notifiable	That must be notified to the health authorities.
Notify	inform or give formal notice to
Notify	make known.
Notion	a concept or idea; conception.
Notion	opinion.
Notion	vague view or understanding.
Notion	inclination or intention.
Notional	Hypothetical, imaginary.
Notorious	Well-known, esp. Unfavourably.
Notorious	Notoriously
Notwithstanding	In spite of; without prevention by.
Notwithstanding	Nevertheless.
Nougat	Sweet made from sugar or honey, nuts, and egg-white.
Nought	digit
Nought	; cipher.
Nought	poet. Or
Nought	nothing.
Noughts and crosses	pl. Pencil-and-paper game in which players seek to complete a row of three noughts or three crosses.
Noun	Word used to name a person, place, or thing.
Nourish	sustain with food.
Nourish	foster or cherish
Nourishment	Sustenance, food.
Nous	Common sense; gumption.
Nous	philos. Mind, intellect.
Nouveau riche	person who has recently acquired
Nouveau riche	wealth.
Nouvelle cuisine	Modern style of cookery avoiding heaviness and emphasizing presentation.
Nov.	November.
Nova	star showing a sudden burst of brightness and then subsiding.
Novel1	Fictitious prose story of book length.
Novel2	Of a new kind or nature.
Novelette	Short novel.
Novelist	Writer of novels.
Novella	short novel or narrative story.
Novelty	newness.
Novelty	new or unusual thing or occurrence.
Novelty	small toy or trinket.
November	Eleventh month of the year.
Novena	Rc ch. Devotion consisting of special prayers or services on nine successive days.
Novice	a probationary member of a religious order.
Novice	new convert.
Novice	beginner.
Noviciate	period of being a novice.
Noviciate	religious novice.
Noviciate	novices' quarters.
Now	at the present or mentioned time.
Now	immediately
Now	by this time.
Now	under the present circumstances
Now	on this further occasion
Now	in the immediate past
Now	then, next
Now	surely, i insist, i wonder, etc.
Now	as a consequence of the fact
Now	This time; the present.
Nowadays	At the present time or age; in these times.
Nowadays	The present time.
Nowhere	In or to no place.
Nowhere	No place.
No-win	Of or designating a situation in which success is impossible.
Nowt	Or dial. Nothing.
Noxious	Harmful, unwholesome.
Nozzle	Spout on a hose etc. From which a jet issues.
Np	Neptunium.
Nr.	Near.
Ns	New style.
Nspcc	National society for the prevention of cruelty to children.
Nsw	New south wales.
Nt	new testament.
Nt	northern territory
Nt	national trust.
Nu	Thirteenth letter of the greek alphabet
Nuance	Subtle shade of meaning, feeling, colour, etc.
Nub	point or gist
Nub	small lump, esp. Of coal.
Nubile	marriageable or sexually attractive.
Nuclear	of, relating to, or constituting a nucleus.
Nuclear	using nuclear energy.
Nuclear bomb	Bomb using the release of energy by nuclear fission or fusion or both.
Nuclear energy	Energy obtained by nuclear fission or fusion.
Nuclear family	couple and their child or children.
Nuclear fission	Nuclear reaction in which a heavy nucleus splits spontaneously or on impact with another particle, with the release of energy.
Nuclear fuel	Source of nuclear energy.
Nuclear fusion	Nuclear reaction in which atomic nuclei of low atomic number fuse to form a heavier nucleus with the release of energy.
Nuclear physics	pl.
Nuclear physics	Physics of atomic nuclei.
Nuclear power	power generated by a nuclear reactor.
Nuclear power	country that has nuclear weapons.
Nuclear reactor	Device in which a nuclear fission chain reaction is used to produce energy.
Nuclear weapon	Weapon using the release of energy by nuclear fission or fusion or both.
Nucleate	Having a nucleus.
Nucleate	form or form into a nucleus.
Nucleic acid	Either of two complex organic molecules
Nucleic acid	, present in all living cells.
Nucleon	Proton or neutron.
Nucleus	a central part or thing round which others are collected.
Nucleus	kernel of an aggregate or mass.
Nucleus	initial part meant to receive additions.
Nucleus	central core of an atom.
Nucleus	large dense part of a cell, containing the genetic material.
Nude	Naked, bare, unclothed.
Nude	painting, sculpture, etc. Of a nude human figure.
Nude	nude person.
Nudge	prod gently with the elbow to attract attention.
Nudge	push gradually.
Nudge	Prod; gentle push.
Nudist	Person who advocates or practises going unclothed.
Nugatory	futile, trifling.
Nugatory	inoperative; not valid.
Nugget	lump of gold etc., as found in the earth.
Nugget	lump of anything.
Nugget	something valuable.
Nuisance	Person, thing, or circumstance causing trouble or annoyance.
Nuke	Nuclear weapon.
Nuke	attack with nuclear weapons.
Null	invalid.
Null	non-existent.
Null	without character or expression.
Nullify	neutralize, invalidate.
Numb	deprived of feeling; paralysed.
Numb	make numb.
Numb	stupefy, paralyse.
Number	a arithmetical value representing a particular quantity.
Number	word, symbol, or figure representing this.
Number	arithmetical value showing position in a series
Number	total count or aggregate
Number	numerical reckoning
Number	a (in sing. Or
Number	) Quantity, amount
Number	several
Number	) Numerical preponderance
Number	person or thing having a place in a series, esp.
Number	single issue of a magazine, an item in a programme, etc.
Number	company, collection, group
Number	classification of words by their singular or plural forms.
Number	such a form.
Number	include
Number	assign a number or numbers to.
Number	amount to
Number	count.
Number	Understand a person's real motives, character, etc. One's number is up
Number	One is doomed to die soon. Without number innumerable.
Number crunching	Process of making complex calculations.
Numberless	Innumerable.
Number one	Oneself.
Number one	Most important
Number-plate	Plate on a vehicle showing its registration number.
Numerable	That can be counted.
Numeral	Symbol or group of symbols denoting a number.
Numeral	Of or denoting a number.
Numerate	Acquainted with the basic principles of mathematics.
Numeration	method or process of numbering.
Numeration	calculation.
Numerator	Number above the line in a vulgar fraction showing how many of the parts indicated by the denominator are taken (e.g.
Numerator	/3).
Numerical	Of or relating to a number or numbers.
Numerology	The study of the supposed occult significance of numbers.
Numerous	many.
Numerous	consisting of many.
Numinous	indicating the presence of a divinity.
Numinous	spiritual, awe-inspiring.
Numismatic	Of or relating to coins or medals.
Numismatics	pl.
Numismatics	The study of coins or medals.
Numskull	Stupid person.
Nun	Member of a religious community of women living under certain vows.
Nuncio	papal ambassador.
Nunnery	religious house of nuns.
Nuptial	Of marriage or weddings.
Nuptial	(usu. In
Nuptial	) Wedding.
Nurse	person trained to care for the sick or infirm and assist doctors or dentists.
Nurse	a work as a nurse.
Nurse	attend to
Nurse	feed or be fed at the breast.
Nurse	hold or treat carefully.
Nurse	a foster; promote the development of.
Nurse	harbour
Nursemaid	Woman in charge of a child or children.
Nursery	a a room or place equipped for young children.
Nursery	place where plants are reared for sale.
Nurseryman	Owner of or worker in a plant nursery.
Nursery rhyme	Simple traditional song or rhyme for children.
Nursery school	School for children between the ages of three and five.
Nursery slopes	pl.  Gentle slopes for novice skiers.
Nursing home	Privately run hospital or home for invalids, old people, etc.
Nursling	infant that is being suckled.
Nurture	bringing up, fostering care.
Nurture	nourishment.
Nurture	bring up; rear.
Nut	a fruit consisting of a hard or tough shell around an edible kernel.
Nut	this kernel.
Nut	pod containing hard seeds.
Nut	small usu. Hexagonal flat piece of metal etc. With a threaded hole through it for screwing on the end of a bolt to secure it.
Nut	person's head.
Nut	crazy or eccentric person.
Nut	small lump
Nut	(in
Nut	testicles.
Nut	be extremely angry.
Nutcase	crazy person.
Nutcracker	(usu. In
Nutcracker	) Device for cracking nuts.
Nuthatch	Small bird which climbs up and down tree-trunks.
Nutmeg	hard aromatic seed used as a spice and in medicine.
Nutmeg	e. Indian tree bearing this.
Nutria	Coypu fur.
Nutrient	Substance that provides essential nourishment.
Nutrient	Serving as or providing nourishment.
Nutriment	nourishing food.
Nutriment	intellectual or artistic etc. Nourishment.
Nutrition	Food, nourishment.
Nutrition	Nutritionist
Nutritious	Efficient as food.
Nutritive	of nutrition.
Nutritive	nutritious.
Nuts	crazy, mad.
Nuts	Be very fond of.
Nuts and bolts	Practical details.
Nutshell	Hard exterior covering of a nut.
Nutter	crazy person.
Nutty	a full of nuts.
Nutty	tasting like nuts.
Nutty	crazy.
Nux vomica	e. Indian tree.
Nux vomica	seeds of this tree, containing strychnine.
Nuzzle	prod or rub gently with the nose.
Nuzzle	press the nose gently.
Nuzzle	nestle; lie snug.
Nw	north-west.
Nw	north-western.
Ny	Us new york.
Nylon	tough light elastic synthetic fibre.
Nylon	nylon fabric.
Nylon	(in
Nylon	) Stockings of nylon.
Nymph	mythological semi-divine spirit regarded as a maiden and associated with an aspect of nature, esp. Rivers and woods.
Nymph	poet. Beautiful young woman.
Nymph	immature form of some insects.
Nympho	Nymphomaniac.
Nymphomania	Excessive sexual desire in a woman.
Nz	New zealand.
O1	fifteenth letter of the alphabet.
O1	nought, zero.
O2	Old.
O3	Oxygen.
O4	var. Of *oh.
O4	ed to a name in the vocative
O'	Of, on
-o	forming usu.
-o	Variants or derivatives
-o-	terminal vowel of
-o-	Forms
Oaf	awkward lout.
Oaf	stupid person.
Oaf	Oafishly
Oaf	Oafishness
Oak	acorn-bearing tree with lobed leaves.
Oak	its durable wood.
Oak	Of oak.
Oak	Annual race at epsom for fillies.
Oak-apple	a kind of growth formed on oak trees by the larvae of certain wasps.
Oakum	Loose fibre obtained by picking old rope to pieces and used esp. In caulking.
Oap	Old-age pensioner.
Oar	pole with a blade used to propel a boat by leverage against the water.
Oar	rower.
Oarsman	rower.
Oasis	fertile place in a desert.
Oasis	area or period of calm in the midst of turbulence.
Oast	Kiln for drying hops.
Oast-house	Building containing an oast.
Oat	a hardy cereal plant grown as food.
Oat	) Grain yielded by this.
Oat	oat plant or a variety of it.
Oat	(in
Oat	sexual gratification.
Oat	Not hungry.
Oatcake	Thin oatmeal biscuit.
Oath	solemn declaration naming god etc. As witness.
Oath	profanity, curse.
Oatmeal	meal ground from oats.
Oatmeal	greyish-fawn colour flecked with brown.
Oau	Organization of african unity.
Ob	Outside broadcast.
Ob.	He or she died.
Ob- 	esp. In words from latin, meaning:
Ob- 	exposure.
Ob- 	meeting or facing.
Ob- 	direction.
Ob- 	resistance.
Ob- 	hindrance or concealment.
Ob- 	finality or completeness.
Obbligato	Accompaniment forming an integral part of a composition.
Obdurate	stubborn.
Obdurate	hardened.
Obe	Officer of the order of the british empire.
Obedient	obeying or ready to obey.
Obedient	submissive to another's will.
Obedient	Obediently
Obeisance	bow, curtsy, or other respectful gesture.
Obeisance	homage.
Obelisk	Tapering usu. Four-sided stone pillar as a monument or landmark.
Obelus	dagger-shaped reference mark
Obese	Very fat.
Obey	a carry out the command of.
Obey	carry out
Obey	do what one is told to do.
Obey	be actuated by
Obfuscate	obscure or confuse
Obfuscate	stupefy, bewilder.
Obituary	notice of a death or deaths.
Obituary	account of the life of a deceased person.
Obituary	Of or serving as an obituary.
Object	material thing that can be seen or touched.
Object	person or thing to which action or feeling is directed
Object	thing sought or aimed at.
Object	Noun or its equivalent governed by an active transitive verb or by a preposition.
Object	philos. Thing external to the thinking mind or subject.
Object	express opposition, disapproval, or reluctance.
Object	protest.
Objectify	present as an object; express in concrete form.
Objection	expression or feeling of opposition or disapproval.
Objection	objecting.
Objection	adverse reason or statement.
Objectionable	unpleasant, offensive.
Objectionable	open to objection.
Objective	external to the mind; actually existing.
Objective	dealing with outward things or exhibiting facts uncoloured by feelings or opinions.
Objective	in the form appropriate to the object.
Objective	something sought or aimed at.
Objective	Objective case.
Objective	Objectivity
Object-lesson	Striking practical example of some principle.
Objet d'art	small decorative object.
Oblate	Geom.
Oblate	flattened at the poles.
Oblation	Thing offered to a divine being.
Obligate	bind
Obligate	legally or morally
Obligation	constraining power of a law, duty, contract, etc.
Obligation	duty, task.
Obligation	binding agreement.
Obligation	indebtedness for a service or benefit
Obligatory	binding.
Obligatory	compulsory.
Oblige	constrain, compel.
Oblige	be binding on.
Oblige	do
Oblige	a small favour, help.
Oblige	(as obliged
Oblige	) Indebted, grateful.
Obliging	Accommodating, helpful.
Oblique	slanting; at an angle.
Oblique	not going straight to the point; indirect.
Oblique	other than nominative or vocative.
Oblique	Oblique stroke
Oblique	Obliqueness
Oblique	Obliquity
Obliterate	blot out, destroy, leave no clear traces of.
Oblivion	State of having or being forgotten.
Oblivious	Unaware or unconscious.
Oblivious	Obliviousness
Oblong	Rectangular with adjacent sides unequal.
Oblong	Oblong figure or object.
Obloquy	being generally ill spoken of.
Obloquy	abuse.
Obnoxious	Offensive, objectionable.
Obnoxious	Obnoxiousness
Oboe	Woodwind double-reed instrument with a piercing plaintive tone.
Obscene	offensively indecent.
Obscene	Highly offensive.
Obscene	law
Obscene	tending to deprave or corrupt.
Obscene	Obscenity
Obscurantism	Opposition to knowledge and enlightenment.
Obscure	not clearly expressed or easily understood.
Obscure	unexplained.
Obscure	dark.
Obscure	indistinct.
Obscure	hidden; unnoticed.
Obscure	undistinguished, hardly known.
Obscure	make obscure or unintelligible.
Obscure	conceal.
Obsequies	pl. Funeral rites.
Obsequious	Servile, fawning.
Obsequious	Obsequiousness
Observance	keeping or performing of a law, duty, etc.
Observance	rite or ceremony.
Observant	acute in taking notice.
Observant	attentive in observance.
Observation	observing or being observed.
Observation	power of perception.
Observation	remark, comment.
Observation	thing observed by esp. Scientific study.
Observatory	building for astronomical or other observation.
Observe	perceive, become aware of.
Observe	watch carefully.
Observe	a follow or keep
Observe	celebrate or perform
Observe	remark.
Observe	take note of scientifically.
Observer	person who observes.
Observer	interested spectator.
Observer	person who attends a meeting etc. To note the proceedings but does not participate.
Obsess	Fill the mind of
Obsess	continually; preoccupy.
Obsess	Obsessively
Obsess	Obsessiveness
Obsession	obsessing or being obsessed.
Obsession	persistent idea dominating a person's mind.
Obsession	Obsessionally
Obsidian	Dark glassy rock formed from lava.
Obsolescent	Becoming obsolete.
Obsolete	No longer used, antiquated.
Obstacle	Thing that obstructs progress.
Obstetrician	Specialist in obstetrics.
Obstetrics	pl.
Obstetrics	Branch of medicine and surgery dealing with childbirth.
Obstinate	stubborn, intractable.
Obstinate	firmly continuing in one's action or opinion despite advice.
Obstinate	Obstinately
Obstreperous	turbulent, unruly.
Obstreperous	noisy.
Obstreperous	Obstreperousness
Obstruct	block up; make hard or impossible to pass along or through.
Obstruct	prevent or retard the progress of.
Obstruction	obstructing or being obstructed.
Obstruction	thing that obstructs, blockage.
Obstruction	sport act of unlawfully obstructing another player.
Obstructive	Causing or intended to cause an obstruction.
Obstructive	Obstructiveness
Obtain	acquire, secure; have granted to one, get.
Obtain	be in vogue, prevail.
Obtrude	be or become obtrusive.
Obtrude	thrust
Obtrude	Importunately forward.
Obtrusive	unpleasantly noticeable.
Obtrusive	obtruding oneself.
Obtrusive	Obtrusiveness
Obtuse	dull-witted.
Obtuse	between
Obtuse	0° and
Obtuse	80°.
Obtuse	of blunt form; not sharp-pointed or sharp-edged.
Obverse	counterpart, opposite.
Obverse	side of a coin or medal etc. Bearing the head or principal design.
Obverse	front, proper, or top side of a thing.
Obviate	get round or do away with
Obvious	Easily seen, recognized, or understood.
Obvious	Obviousness
Oc	Officer commanding.
Ocarina	Small egg-shaped musical wind-instrument.
Occasion	a special event or happening.
Occasion	time of this.
Occasion	reason, need.
Occasion	suitable juncture, opportunity.
Occasion	immediate but subordinate cause.
Occasion	Cause, esp. Incidentally.
Occasional	happening irregularly and infrequently.
Occasional	made or meant for, or acting on, a special occasion.
Occasional table	Small table for use as required.
Occident	Poet. Or rhet.
Occident	west.
Occident	western europe.
Occident	europe and america as distinct from the orient.
Occidental	of the occident.
Occidental	western.
Occidental	Native of the occident.
Occiput	Back of the head.
Occlude	stop up or close.
Occlude	chem. Absorb and retain
Occlude	(as occluded
Occlude	) Meteorol.
Occlude	formed when a cold front overtakes a warm front, raising warm air from ground level.
Occult	involving the supernatural; mystical.
Occult	esoteric.
Occupant	Person who occupies, esp. Lives in, a place etc.
Occupation	person's employment or profession.
Occupation	pastime.
Occupation	occupying or being occupied.
Occupation	taking or holding of a country etc. By force.
Occupational	of or connected with one's occupation.
Occupational	Connected with one's occupation.
Occupational therapy	Programme of mental or physical activity to assist recovery from disease or injury.
Occupier	Person living in a house etc. As its owner or tenant.
Occupy	live in; be the tenant of.
Occupy	take up or fill
Occupy	hold
Occupy	take military possession of.
Occupy	place oneself in
Occupy	Forcibly or without authority as a protest.
Occupy	keep busy or engaged.
Occur	come into being as an event or process.
Occur	exist or be encountered in some place or conditions.
Occur	come into the mind of.
Occurrence	occurring.
Occurrence	incident or event.
Ocean	large expanse of sea, esp. Each of the main areas called the atlantic, pacific, indian, arctic, and antarctic oceans.
Ocean	(often in
Ocean	Very large expanse or quantity.
Ocean-going	able to cross oceans.
Oceanography	The study of the oceans.
Ocelot	Leopard-like cat of s. And central america.
Ocher	earth used as yellow, brown, or red pigment.
Ocher	pale brownish-yellow colour.
Ochre	earth used as yellow, brown, or red pigment.
Ochre	pale brownish-yellow colour.
O'clock	Of the clock
Oct.	October.
Octa-	Form
Octa-	eight.
Octagon	Plane figure with eight sides and angles.
Octahedron	solid figure contained by eight
Octahedron	plane faces.
Octane	Colourless inflammable hydrocarbon occurring in petrol.
Octane number	figure indicating the antiknock properties of a fuel.
Octave	interval between
Octave	two notes, one having twice or half the frequency of vibration of the other.
Octave	eight notes occupying this interval.
Octave	each of the two notes at the extremes of this interval.
Octave	eight-line stanza.
Octavo	size of a book or page given by folding a sheet of standard size three times to form eight leaves.
Octavo	book or sheet of this size.
Octet	a musical composition for eight performers.
Octet	the performers.
Octet	group of eight.
Octo-	Form
Octo-	eight.
October	Tenth month of the year.
Octogenarian	Person from
Octogenarian	0 to
Octogenarian	9 years old.
Octopus	sea mollusc with eight suckered tentacles.
Ocular	Of, for, or by the eyes; visual.
Oculist	Specialist in the treatment of the eyes.
Od	Drug overdose.
Od	take an overdose.
Odd	strange, remarkable, eccentric.
Odd	casual, occasional
Odd	not normally considered; unconnected
Odd	not integrally divisible by two, e.g.
Odd	bearing such a number
Odd	left over when the rest have been distributed or divided into pairs
Odd	detached from a set or series
Odd	Somewhat more than
Odd	by which a round number, given sum, etc., is exceeded (we have
Odd	02 – do you want the odd
Odd	?).
Odd	Oddness
Oddball	Eccentric person.
Oddity	strange person, thing, or occurrence.
Oddity	peculiar trait.
Oddity	strangeness.
Odd man out	Person or thing differing from the others in a group in some respect.
Oddment	odd article; something left over.
Oddment	(in
Oddment	) Miscellaneous articles.
Odds	ratio between the amounts staked by the parties to a bet, based on the expected probability either way.
Odds	balance of probability or advantage
Odds	difference giving an advantage
Odds and ends	pl. Miscellaneous articles or remnants.
Odds-on	State when success is more likely than failure.
Odds-on	better than even; likely.
Ode	Lyric poem of exalted style and tone.
Odious	Hateful, repulsive.
Odious	Odiousness
Odium	Widespread dislike or disapproval of a person or action.
Odometer	Us
Odor	smell or fragrance.
Odor	quality or trace
Odor	regard, repute
Odor	Odourless
Odoriferous	Diffusing a
Odoriferous	odour.
Odour	smell or fragrance.
Odour	quality or trace
Odour	regard, repute
Odour	Odourless
Odyssey	long adventurous journey.
Oecd	Organization for economic cooperation and development.
Oedema	accumulation of excess fluid in body tissues, causing swelling.
Oedipus complex	Child's, esp.
Oedipus complex	boy's, subconscious sexual desire for the parent of the opposite sex.
O'er	Poet.
Oesophagus	passage from the mouth to the stomach; gullet.
Oestrogen	sex hormone developing and maintaining female characteristics of the body.
Oestrogen	this produced artificially for use in medicine.
Oestrus	recurring period of sexual receptivity in many female mammals.
Œuvre	Works of a creative artist regarded collectively.
Of	Expressing:
Of	origin or cause
Of	material or substance
Of	belonging or connection
Of	identity or close relation
Of	removal or separation
Of	reference or direction
Of	objective relation
Of	partition, classification, or inclusion
Of	description, quality, or condition
Of	0 us time in relation to the following hour
Of	on most evenings
Of	at some time in the evenings
Of	. Of late recently. Of old formerly.
Off.	office.
Off.	officer.
Off	away; at or to a distance (drove off;
Off	miles off).
Off	out of position; not on, touching, or attached; loose, separate, gone
Off	so as to be rid of
Off	so as to break continuity or continuance; discontinued, stopped
Off	not available on a menu etc.
Off	to the end; entirely; so as to be clear
Off	situated as regards money, supplies, etc.
Off	off stage
Off	Beginning to decay.
Off	a from; away, down, or up from
Off	not on
Off	a temporarily relieved of or abstaining from
Off	temporarily not attracted by
Off	not achieving
Off	using as a source or means of support
Off	leading from; not far from
Off	at a short distance to sea from
Off	far, further
Off	right
Off	cricket designating the half of the field
Off	to which the striker's feet are pointed.
Off	annoying, unfair
Off	somewhat unwell
Off	the off side in cricket.
Off	start of a race.
Offal	less valuable edible parts of a carcass, esp. The heart, liver, etc.
Offal	refuse, scraps.
Offbeat	not coinciding with the beat.
Offbeat	eccentric, unconventional.
Offbeat	Any of the unaccented beats in a bar.
Off-centre	Not quite centrally placed.
Off chance	remote possibility.
Off colour	unwell.
Off colour	us somewhat indecent.
Offcut	Remnant of timber, paper, etc., after cutting.
Off-day	Day when one is not at one's best.
Offence	illegal act; transgression.
Offence	upsetting of feelings, insult; umbrage
Offence	aggressive action.
Offend	cause offence to, upset.
Offend	displease, anger.
Offend	do wrong; transgress.
Offend	Offending
Offense	illegal act; transgression.
Offense	upsetting of feelings, insult; umbrage
Offense	aggressive action.
Offensive	causing offence; insulting.
Offensive	disgusting.
Offensive	a aggressive, attacking.
Offensive	for attacking.
Offensive	Aggressive action, attitude, or campaign.
Offensive	Offensiveness
Offer	present for acceptance, refusal, or consideration.
Offer	Express readiness or show intention.
Offer	provide; give an opportunity for.
Offer	make available for sale.
Offer	present to the attention.
Offer	present
Offer	present itself; occur
Offer	attempt
Offer	expression of readiness to do or give if desired, or to buy or sell.
Offer	amount offered.
Offer	proposal
Offer	bid.
Offering	contribution or gift, esp. Of money.
Offering	thing offered as a sacrifice etc.
Offertory	offering of the bread and wine at the eucharist.
Offertory	collection of money at a religious service.
Offhand	Curt or casual in manner.
Offhand	Without preparation or thought
Offhand	Offhandedly
Offhand	Offhandedness
Office	room or building used as a place of business, esp. For clerical or administrative work.
Office	room or area for a particular business
Office	local centre of a large business
Office	position with duties attached to it.
Office	tenure of an official position
Office	quarters, staff, or collective authority of a government department etc.
Office	duty, task, function.
Office	(usu. In
Office	) Piece of kindness; service
Office	authorized form of worship.
Officer	person holding a position of authority or trust, esp. One with a commission in the army, navy, air force, etc.
Officer	policeman or policewoman.
Officer	holder of a post in a society
Official	of an office or its tenure.
Official	characteristic of officials and bureaucracy.
Official	properly authorized.
Official	Person holding office or engaged in official duties.
Official	Officially
Officialese	Derog. Language characteristic of official documents.
Official secrets	pl. Confidential information involving national security.
Officiate	act in an official capacity.
Officiate	conduct a religious service.
Officiate	Officiator
Officious	domineering.
Officious	intrusive in correcting etc.
Officious	Officiousness
Offing	More distant part of the sea in view.
Off-key	out of tune.
Off-key	not quite fitting.
Off-licence	shop selling alcoholic drink.
Off-licence	licence for this.
Offload	Get rid of
Offload	by passing it to someone else.
Off-peak	Used or for use at times other than those of greatest demand.
Off-piste	away from prepared ski runs.
Offprint	Printed copy of an article etc. Originally forming part of a larger publication.
Offscreen	Beyond the range of a film camera etc.; when not being filmed.
Off-season	Time of the year when business etc. Is slack.
Offset	side-shoot from a plant serving for propagation.
Offset	compensation, consideration or amount diminishing or neutralizing the effect of a contrary one.
Offset	sloping ledge in a wall etc.
Offset	bend in a pipe etc. To carry it past an obstacle.
Offset	(often
Offset	) Method of printing in which ink is transferred from a plate or stone to a rubber surface and from there to paper etc.
Offset	(-setting; past and
Offset	-set)
Offset	counterbalance, compensate.
Offset	print by the offset process.
Offshoot	side-shoot or branch.
Offshoot	derivative.
Offshore	at sea some distance from the shore.
Offshore	blowing seawards.
Offside	in a position where he or she may not play the ball.
Offside	(often
Offside	) Right side of a vehicle, animal, etc.
Offspring	person's child, children, or descendants.
Offspring	animal's young or descendants.
Offspring	result.
Off-stage	Not on the stage; not visible to the audience.
Off-street	other than on a street.
Off-the-wall	crazy, absurd, outlandish.
Off white	(as
Off white	Often hyphenated) white with a grey or yellowish tinge.
Oft	often.
Often	a frequently; many times.
Often	at short intervals.
Often	in many instances.
Oft-times	Often.
Ogee	S-shaped line or moulding.
Ogive	pointed arch.
Ogive	diagonal rib of a vault.
Ogle	look amorously or lecherously
Ogle	Amorous or lecherous look.
Ogre	man-eating giant in folklore.
Ogre	terrifying person.
Oh	expressing surprise, pain, entreaty, etc.
Ohm	Si unit of electrical resistance.
Ohms	On her
Ohms	majesty's service.
Oho	Expressing surprise or exultation.
Ohp	Overhead projector.
Oi	Calling attention or expressing alarm etc.
-oid	forming adjectives and nouns, denoting form or resemblance
Oil	any of various viscous, usu. Inflammable liquids insoluble in water
Oil	petroleum.
Oil	(in
Oil	) Using oil as fuel
Oil	a (usu. In
Oil	picture painted in oil-paints.
Oil	apply oil to; lubricate.
Oil	impregnate or treat with oil
Oilcake	Compressed linseed from which the oil has been extracted, used as fodder or manure.
Oilcan	Can with a long nozzle for oiling machinery.
Oilcloth	Fabric, esp. Canvas, waterproofed with oil or another substance.
Oiled	drunk.
Oilfield	Area yielding mineral oil.
Oil-fired	Using oil as fuel.
Oil of turpentine	Volatile pungent oil distilled from turpentine, used as a solvent in mixing paints and varnishes, and in medicine.
Oil-paint	paint made by mixing powdered pigment in oil.
Oil rig	Structure with equipment for drilling an oil well.
Oilskin	cloth waterproofed with oil.
Oilskin	a garment of this.
Oilskin	) Suit of this.
Oil slick	Patch of oil, esp. On the sea.
Oilstone	Fine-grained flat stone used with oil for sharpening flat tools, e.g. Chisels, planes, etc.
Oil well	Well from which mineral oil is drawn.
Oily	of or like oil.
Oily	covered or soaked with oil.
Oily	Fawning, unctuous, ingratiating.
Ointment	Smooth greasy healing or cosmetic preparation for the skin.
Ok	(often as
Ok	) All right; satisfactory.
Ok	Well, satisfactorily.
Ok	approval, sanction.
Ok	approve, sanction.
Okapi	african giraffe-like mammal but with a shorter neck and striped body.
Okra	Tall, orig. African plant with long ridged seed-pods used for food.
-ol	in the names of alcohols or analogous compounds.
Old	a advanced in age; far on in the natural period of existence.
Old	not young or near its beginning.
Old	made long ago.
Old	long in use.
Old	worn, dilapidated, or shabby from the passage of time.
Old	having the characteristics of age
Old	practised, inveterate
Old	belonging to the past; lingering on; former
Old	dating from far back; long established or known; ancient, primeval
Old	of age
Old	as used in former or earliest times.
Old	As a term of affection or casual reference
Old	Oldness
Old age	Later part of normal life.
Old bill	the police.
Old bill	a policeman.
Old boy	former male pupil of a school.
Old boy	elderly man.
Old boy network	Preferment in employment, esp. Of fellow ex-pupils of public schools.
Old country	native country of colonists etc.
Olden	old; of old.
Old-fashioned	Showing or favouring the tastes of former times.
Old girl	former female pupil of a school.
Old girl	elderly woman.
Old girl	affectionate term of address to a girl or woman.
Old glory	Us us national flag.
Old gold	(as
Old gold	Often hyphenated) dull brownish-gold colour.
Old guard	Original, past, or conservative members of a group.
Old hand	Person with much experience.
Old hat	Hackneyed.
Oldie	Old person or thing.
Old lady	One's mother or wife.
Old maid	derog. Elderly unmarried woman.
Old maid	prim and fussy person.
Old man	one's husband or father.
Old man	affectionate form of address to a boy or man.
Old man's beard	Wild clematis, with grey fluffy hairs round the seeds.
Old master	great artist of former times, esp. Of the
Old master	3th–17th c. In europe.
Old master	painting by such a painter.
Old nick	The devil.
Old norse	germanic language from which the scandinavian languages are derived.
Old norse	language of norway and its colonies until the
Old norse	4th c.
Old school	Traditional attitudes or people having them.
Old school tie	Excessive loyalty to traditional values and to former pupils of one's own, esp. Public, school.
Old soldier	experienced person.
Old style	Dating reckoned by the julian calendar.
Old testament	Part of the bible containing the scriptures of the hebrews.
Old-time	Belonging to former times
Old wives' tale	Unscientific belief.
Old woman	one's wife or mother.
Old woman	fussy or timid man.
Old world	Europe, asia, and africa.
Old year	Year just ended or ending.
Oleaginous	like or producing oil.
Oleaginous	oily.
Oleander	Evergreen flowering mediterranean shrub.
O level	Hist.
Olfactory	Of the sense of smell
Oligarch	Member of an oligarchy.
Oligarchy	government, or state governed, by a small group of people.
Oligarchy	members of such a government.
Oligarchy	Oligarchical
Oligocene	Of the third geological epoch of the tertiary period.
Oligocene	This epoch.
Olive	small oval hard-stoned fruit, green when unripe and bluish-black when ripe.
Olive	tree bearing this.
Olive	its wood.
Olive	olive green.
Olive	olive-green.
Olive	yellowish-brown.
Olive branch	Gesture of reconciliation or peace.
Olive green	(as
Olive green	Often hyphenated) dull yellowish green.
Olive oil	Cooking-oil extracted from olives.
Olivine	Mineral
Olivine	composed of magnesium-iron silicate.
Olympiad	a period of four years between olympic games, used by the ancient greeks in dating events.
Olympiad	four-yearly celebration of the ancient olympic games.
Olympiad	celebration of the modern olympic games.
Olympiad	regular international contest in chess etc.
Olympian	a of olympus.
Olympian	celestial.
Olympian	Magnificent, condescending, superior.
Olympian	greek god dwelling on olympus.
Olympian	person of superhuman ability or calm.
Olympian	competitor in the olympic games.
Olympic	Of the olympic games.
Olympic	pl.
Olympic	olympic games.
Olympic games	ancient greek athletic festival held at olympia every four years.
Olympic games	modern international revival of this.
Om	Order of merit.
Ombudsman	official appointed to investigate complaints against public authorities.
Omega	last
Omega	letter of the greek alphabet
Omega	last of a series; final development.
Omelette	Beaten eggs fried and often folded round a savoury filling.
Omen	event or object portending good or evil.
Omen	prophetic significance
Omen	portend.
Omicron	Fifteenth letter of the greek alphabet
Ominous	threatening.
Ominous	of evil omen; inauspicious.
Omission	omitting or being omitted.
Omission	thing omitted.
Omit	leave out; not insert or include.
Omit	leave undone.
Omit	Fail or neglect.
Omni-	Form all.
Omnibus	formal bus.
Omnibus	volume containing several literary works previously published separately.
Omnibus	serving several purposes at once.
Omnibus	comprising several items.
Omnipotent	Having great or absolute power.
Omnipresent	Present everywhere.
Omniscient	Knowing everything or much.
Omnivorous	feeding on both plant and animal material.
Omnivorous	reading, observing, etc. Everything that comes one's way.
Omnivorous	Omnivorousness
On	supported by, attached to, covering, or enclosing
On	carried with; about the person of
On	exactly at; during (on
On	9 may; on the hour; on schedule; closed on tuesday).
On	immediately after or before
On	as a result of
Onanism	Literary masturbation.
Onc	Ordinary national certificate.
Once	on one occasion only.
Once	at some point or period in the past.
Once	ever or at all
Once	multiplied by one.
Once	As soon as.
Once	One time or occasion
Once	suddenly.
Once	all together. At once
Once	immediately.
Once	simultaneously. For once on this
Once	occasion, even if at no other. Once again
Once	another time. Once and for all
Once	in a final manner, esp. After much hesitation. Once
Once	in a while from time to time. Once or twice a few times. Once upon a time at some unspecified time in the past.
Once-over	Rapid inspection.
Oncogene	Gene which can transform a cell into a cancer cell.
Oncology	The study of tumours.
Oncoming	Approaching from the front.
Ond	Ordinary national diploma.
One	single and integral in number.
One	a single person or thing of the kind expressed or implied
One	particular but undefined, esp. As contrasted with another
One	only such
One	forming a unity
One	identical; the same
One	a lowest cardinal number.
One	thing numbered with it.
One	unity; a unit
One another	Each the other or others
One-armed bandit	Fruit machine with a long handle.
One-horse	using a single horse.
One-horse	Small, poorly equipped.
One-horse race	Contest in which one competitor is far superior to all the others.
One-liner	Short joke or remark in a play, comedy routine, etc.
One-man	Involving or operated by only one man.
Oneness	singleness.
Oneness	uniqueness.
Oneness	agreement.
Oneness	sameness.
One-night stand	single performance of a play etc. In a place.
One-night stand	Sexual liaison lasting only one night.
One-off	Made or done as the only one; not repeated.
One-off	One-off occurrence, achievement, etc.
Onerous	Burdensome.
Oneself	Reflexive and emphatic form of one
One-sided	Unfair, partial.
One-sided	One-sidedness
One's money's-worth	Good value for one's money.
One-time	Former.
One-to-one	involving or between only two people.
One-to-one	with one member of one group corresponding to one of another.
One-track mind	Mind preoccupied with one subject.
One-up	Having a particular advantage.
One-way	Allowing movement, travel, etc., in one direction only.
Ongoing	continuing.
Ongoing	in progress.
Onion	Vegetable with an edible bulb of a pungent smell and flavour.
Onlooker	Spectator.
Only	solely, merely, exclusively; and no one or nothing more besides
Only	no longer ago than
Only	not until
Only	with no better result than
Only	existing alone of its or their kind
Only	best or alone worth considering
Only	Except that; but
Only too	Extremely.
O.n.o.	Or near offer.
Onomatopoeia	Formation of a word from a sound associated with what is named
Onrush	Onward rush.
Onscreen	Within the range of a film camera etc; when being filmed.
Onset	attack.
Onset	impetuous beginning.
Onshore	on the shore.
Onshore	blowing landwards from the sea.
Onside	not offside.
Onslaught	Fierce attack.
On-street	along a street.
Onto	= on to.
Ontology	Branch of metaphysics dealing with the nature of being.
Ontology	Ontologically
Ontology	Ontologist
Onus	burden, duty, responsibility.
Onward	forward, advancing.
Onward	into the future (from
Onward	985 onwards).
Onward	Forward, advancing.
Onyx	Semiprecious variety of agate with coloured layers.
Oodles	Very great amount.
Ooh	Expressing surprise, delight, pain, etc.
Oolite	Granular limestone.
Oompah	Rhythmical sound of deep brass instruments.
Oomph	energy, enthusiasm.
Oomph	attractiveness, esp. Sex appeal.
Oops	On making an obvious mistake.
Ooze1	trickle or leak slowly out.
Ooze1	exude fluid.
Ooze1	exude
Ooze1	freely
Ooze1	charm).
Ooze1	Sluggish flow.
Ooze2	Wet mud.
Op	Operation.
Op.	Opus.
Opacity	Opaqueness.
Opal	Semiprecious stone usu. Of a milky or bluish colour and sometimes showing changing colours.
Opalescent	Iridescent.
Opaline	Opal-like, opalescent.
Opaque	not transmitting light.
Opaque	impenetrable to sight.
Opaque	unintelligible.
Opaque	unintelligent, stupid.
Opaque	Opaqueness
Op. Cit.	In the work already quoted.
Opec	Organization of petroleum exporting countries.
Open	not closed, locked, or blocked up; allowing access.
Open	unenclosed, unconfined, unobstructed
Open	a uncovered, bare, exposed
Open	Unprotected, undefended.
Open	undisguised, public, manifest
Open	expanded, unfolded, or spread out
Open	not close; with gaps.
Open	a frank and communicative.
Open	open-minded.
Open	a accessible to visitors or customers; ready for business.
Open	admitting all, not restricted to members etc.
Open	Unrestricted as to who may compete.
Open	a willing to receive
Open	available
Open	vulnerable to, allowing of
Open	not restricted as to the day of travel.
Open	make or become open or more open.
Open	Give access as specified
Open	a start, establish, or set going
Open	start
Open	start; begin speaking, writing, etc.
Open	ceremonially declare
Open	In use.
Open	a open space, country, or air.
Open	public notice; general attention
Open	open championship or competition etc.
Open	unfold.
Open	develop, expand.
Open	become communicative. Open up
Open	unlock
Open	make accessible.
Open	reveal; bring to notice.
Open	accelerate.
Open	begin shooting or sounding.
Open air	Outdoors.
Open-and-shut	Straightforward.
Open book	Person who is easily understood.
Opencast	with removal of the surface layers and working from above, not from shafts.
Open college	College offering training and vocational courses mainly by correspondence.
Open day	Day when the public may visit a place normally closed to them.
Open-door	Open, accessible.
Open-ended	Having no predetermined limit.
Opener	device for opening tins, bottles, etc.
Opener	First item on a programme etc.
Open-handed	Generous.
Open-hearted	Frank and kindly.
Open-heart surgery	Surgery with the heart exposed and the blood made to bypass it.
Open house	Hospitality for all visitors.
Opening	aperture or gap.
Opening	opportunity.
Opening	beginning; initial part.
Opening	Initial, first
Opening-time	Time at which public houses may legally open for custom.
Open letter	Letter of protest etc. Addressed to an individual and published in a newspaper etc.
Openly	frankly.
Openly	publicly.
Open-minded	Accessible to new ideas; unprejudiced.
Open-mouthed	Aghast with surprise.
Open-plan	Having large undivided rooms.
Open prison	Prison with few restraints on prisoners' movements.
Open question	Matter on which different views are legitimate.
Open sandwich	Sandwich without a top slice of bread.
Open sea	Expanse of sea away from land.
Open secret	Supposed secret known to many.
Open society	Society with freedom of belief.
Open university	University teaching mainly by broadcasting and correspondence, and open to those without academic qualifications.
Open verdict	Verdict affirming that a crime has been committed but not specifying the criminal or
Open verdict	the cause.
Openwork	Pattern with intervening spaces in metal, leather, lace, etc.
Opera1	a drama set to music for singers and instrumentalists.
Opera1	this as a genre.
Opera1	opera-house.
Opera2	Of *opus.
Operable	that can be operated.
Operable	suitable for treatment by surgical operation.
Opera-glasses	pl. Small binoculars for use at the opera or theatre.
Opera-house	Theatre for operas.
Operate	work, control.
Operate	be in action; function.
Operate	a perform a surgical operation.
Operate	conduct a military etc. Action.
Operate	be active in business etc.
Operate	bring about.
Operatic	Of or like an opera or opera singer
Operatics	pl. Production and performance of operas.
Operating system	Basic software that enables the running of a computer program.
Operating theatre	Room for surgical operations.
Operation	action, scope, or method of working or operating.
Operation	active process.
Operation	piece of work, esp. One in a series
Operation	act of surgery on a patient.
Operation	military manoeuvre.
Operation	financial transaction.
Operation	state of functioning
Operation	subjection of a number etc. To a process affecting its value or form, e.g. Multiplication.
Operational	of or engaged in or used for operations.
Operational	able or ready to function.
Operational research	The application of scientific principles to business etc. Management.
Operative	in operation; having effect.
Operative	having the main relevance
Operative	of or by surgery.
Operative	Worker, esp.
Operative	skilled one.
Operator	person operating a machine etc., esp. Connecting lines in a telephone exchange.
Operator	person engaging in business.
Operator	Person acting in a specified way
Operator	symbol or function denoting an operation in mathematics, computing, etc.
Operculum	fish's gill-cover.
Operculum	any of various other parts covering or closing an aperture in an animal or plant.
Operetta	light opera.
Operetta	one-act or short opera.
Ophidian	Member of a suborder of reptiles including snakes.
Ophidian	of this order.
Ophidian	snakelike.
Ophthalmia	Inflammation of the eye.
Ophthalmic	Of or relating to the eye and its diseases.
Ophthalmic optician	Optician qualified to prescribe as well as dispense spectacles etc.
Ophthalmology	The study of the eye.
Ophthalmoscope	Instrument for examining the eye.
Opiate	containing opium.
Opiate	narcotic, soporific.
Opiate	drug containing opium, usu. To ease pain or induce sleep.
Opiate	soothing influence.
Opine	literary hold or express as an opinion.
Opinion	unproven belief.
Opinion	view held as probable.
Opinion	what one thinks about something.
Opinion	piece of professional advice
Opinion	estimation
Opinionated	Dogmatic in one's opinions.
Opinion poll	Assessment of public opinion by questioning a representative sample.
Opium	Drug made from the juice of a certain poppy, used esp. As an analgesic and narcotic.
Opossum	tree-living american marsupial.
Opossum	austral.
Opp.	Opposite.
Opponent	Person who opposes.
Opportune	well-chosen or especially favourable
Opportune	well-timed.
Opportunism	Adaptation of one's policy or judgement to circumstances or opportunity, esp. Regardless of principle.
Opportunism	Opportunistic
Opportunism	Opportunistically
Opportunity	favourable chance or opening offered by circumstances.
Opposable	Zool.
Opposable	capable of facing and touching the other digits on the same hand.
Oppose	set oneself against; resist; argue or compete against.
Oppose	place in opposition or contrast.
Opposite	facing, on the other side
Opposite	contrary; diametrically different
Opposite	Opposite thing, person, or term.
Opposite	Facing, on the other side
Opposite	facing
Opposite	in a complementary role to
Opposite number	Person holding an equivalent position in another group etc.
Opposite sex	either sex in relation to the other.
Opposition	resistance, antagonism.
Opposition	being hostile or in conflict or disagreement.
Opposition	contrast, antithesis.
Opposition	a group or party of opponents or competitors.
Opposition	chief parliamentary party opposed to that in office.
Opposition	act of placing opposite.
Opposition	diametrically opposite position of two celestial bodies.
Oppress	keep in subservience.
Oppress	govern or treat cruelly.
Oppress	weigh down
Oppress	Oppressor
Oppressive	oppressing.
Oppressive	close and sultry.
Oppressive	Oppressiveness
Opprobrious	very scornful; abusive.
Opprobrium	disgrace.
Opprobrium	cause of this.
Oppugn	Literary controvert, call in question.
Opt	make a choice, decide.
Optative	expressing a wish.
Optative	Optative mood or form.
Optic	Of the eye or sight
Optical	of sight; visual.
Optical	of or according to optics.
Optical	aiding sight.
Optical art	Art using contrasting colours to create the illusion of movement.
Optical fibre	Thin glass fibre through which light can be transmitted to carry signals.
Optical illusion	image which deceives the eye.
Optical illusion	mental misapprehension caused by this.
Optician	maker, seller, or prescriber of spectacles and contact lenses etc.
Optician	person trained in the detection and correction of poor eyesight.
Optics	pl.
Optics	Science of light and vision.
Optimal	Best or most favourable.
Optimism	inclination to hopefulness and confidence.
Optimism	philos. Belief that this world is as good as it could be or that good must ultimately prevail over evil.
Optimism	Optimistic
Optimism	Optimistically
Optimize	make the best or most effective use of.
Optimum	most favourable conditions
Optimum	best practical solution.
Option	a choosing; choice.
Option	thing that is or may be chosen.
Option	liberty to choose.
Option	right to buy or sell at a specified price within a set time.
Optional	Not obligatory.
Optional extra	Item costing extra if one chooses to have it.
Opulent	wealthy.
Opulent	luxurious.
Opulent	abundant.
Opus	musical composition numbered as one of a composer's works (beethoven, opus
Opus	any artistic work
Or1	introducing an alternative
Or1	introducing an alternative name
Or1	introducing an afterthought
Or1	= or else
Or1	otherwise
Or1	Expressing a warning or threat
Or2	Heraldry gold.
-or	forming nouns denoting esp. An agent
-or	or condition
Oracle	a place at which divine advice or prophecy was sought in classical antiquity.
Oracle	response given.
Oracle	prophet or prophetess at an oracle.
Oracle	person or thing regarded as a source of wisdom etc.
Oracle	propr. Teletext service provided by independent television.
Oral	by word of mouth; spoken; not written
Oral	done or taken by the mouth
Oral	Spoken examination.
Orange	a roundish reddish-yellow juicy citrus fruit.
Orange	tree bearing this.
Orange	its colour.
Orange	Orange-coloured.
Orangeade	Orange-flavoured, usu. Fizzy, drink.
Orangeman	Member of a political society formed in
Orangeman	795 to support protestantism in ireland.
Orangery	place, esp.
Orangery	building, where orange-trees are cultivated.
Orang-utan	large reddish-haired long-armed anthropoid ape of the e. Indies.
Oration	Formal or ceremonial speech.
Orator	person making a formal speech.
Orator	eloquent public speaker.
Oratorio	semi-dramatic work for orchestra and voices, esp. On a sacred theme.
Oratory	art of or skill in public speaking.
Oratory	small private chapel.
Orb	globe surmounted by a cross as part of coronation regalia.
Orb	sphere, globe.
Orb	poet. Celestial body.
Orb	poet. Eye.
Orbicular	Formal circular or spherical.
Orbit	a curved course of a planet, satellite, etc.
Orbit	one complete passage around a body.
Orbit	range or sphere of action.
Orbit	eye socket.
Orbit	move in orbit round.
Orbit	put into orbit.
Orbital	of an orbit or orbits.
Orbital	passing round the outside of a town.
Orca	Any of various cetaceans, esp. The killer whale.
Orcadian	Of orkney.
Orcadian	Native of orkney.
Orch.	orchestrated by.
Orch.	orchestra.
Orchard	Piece of enclosed land with fruit-trees.
Orchestra	large group of instrumentalists combining strings, woodwinds, brass, and percussion.
Orchestra	part of a theatre etc. Where the orchestra plays, usu. In front of the stage and on a lower level.
Orchestrate	arrange or compose for orchestral performance.
Orchestrate	arrange
Orchestrate	to achieve a desired result.
Orchid	Any of various plants with brilliant flowers.
Ordain	confer holy orders on.
Ordain	decree, order.
Ordeal	painful or horrific experience; severe trial.
Ordeal	hist. Test of an accused person by subjection to severe pain, with survival taken as proof of innocence.
Order	a condition in which every part, unit, etc. Is in its right place; tidiness.
Order	specified sequence, succession, etc.
Order	authoritative command, direction, instruction, etc.
Order	state of obedience to law, authority, etc.
Order	a direction to supply or pay something.
Order	goods etc. To be supplied.
Order	social class; its members
Order	kind; sort
Order	constitution or nature of the world, society, etc.
Order	taxonomic rank below a class and above a family.
Order	religious fraternity with a common rule of life.
Order	0 grade of the christian ministry.
Order	1 any of the five classical styles of architecture
Order	2 a company of persons distinguished by a particular honour
Order	insignia worn by its members.
Order	3 eccl. The stated form of divine service
Order	4 system of rules or procedure
Order	command; bid; prescribe.
Order	command or direct
Order	to a specified destination
Order	direct a waiter, tradesman, etc. To supply
Order	(often as ordered
Order	) Put in order; regulate
Order	Ordain.
Order	in the correct
Order	sequence or position.
Order	fit
Order	for use.
Order	according
Order	to the rules at a meeting etc. In order that with the intention; so that. In order to with the purpose of doing; with a view to. Of
Order	the order of approximately. On order ordered but not yet received. Order about command officiously. To order as specified by the customer.
Order in council	Executive order, often approved by parliament but not debated.
Orderly	methodically arranged or inclined, tidy.
Orderly	well-behaved.
Orderly	male cleaner in a hospital.
Orderly	soldier who carries orders for an officer etc.
Orderly room	Room in a barracks used for company business.
Order of the day	prevailing state of things.
Order of the day	principal action, procedure, or programme.
Order-paper	Written or printed order of the day's proceedings, esp. In parliament.
Ordinal	number defining position in a series, e.g. ‘first’, ‘second’, ‘third’, etc.
Ordinance	decree.
Ordinance	religious rite.
Ordinand	Candidate for ordination.
Ordinary	normal, usual.
Ordinary	commonplace, unexceptional.
Ordinary	rc ch.
Ordinary	parts of a service that do not vary from day to day.
Ordinary	rule or book laying down the order of service.
Ordinary	Ordinariness
Ordinary level	Hist. Lowest level of the gce examination.
Ordinary seaman	Sailor of the lowest rank.
Ordinate	Math. Coordinate measured usu. Vertically.
Ordination	Conferring of holy orders, ordaining.
Ordnance	artillery; military supplies.
Ordnance	government service dealing with these.
Ordnance survey	Official survey of the uk producing detailed maps.
Ordovician	Of the second period in the palaeozoic era.
Ordovician	This period.
Ordure	Dung.
Ore	Solid rock or mineral from which metal or other valuable minerals may be extracted.
Oregano	Dried wild marjoram as seasoning.
Organ	a musical instrument having pipes supplied with air from bellows and operated by keyboards and pedals.
Organ	instrument producing similar sounds electronically.
Organ	harmonium.
Organ	a part of an animal or plant body serving a particular function
Organ	esp. Joc. Penis.
Organ	medium of communication, esp.
Organ	newspaper representing a party or interest.
Organdie	Fine translucent muslin, usu. Stiffened.
Organ-grinder	Player of a barrel-organ.
Organic	of or affecting a bodily organ or organs.
Organic	having organs or an organized physical structure.
Organic	produced without the use of artificial fertilizers, pesticides, etc.
Organic	Containing carbon.
Organic	a structural, inherent.
Organic	constitutional.
Organic	organized or systematic
Organic chemistry	Chemistry of carbon compounds.
Organism	individual plant or animal.
Organism	living being with interdependent parts.
Organism	system made up of interdependent parts.
Organist	Organ-player.
Organization	organizing or being organized.
Organization	organized body, system, or society.
Organize	a give an orderly structure to, systematize.
Organize	make arrangements for
Organize	initiate, arrange for.
Organize	enlist
Organize	in a trade union, political party, etc.
Organize	form
Organize	(esp. As organized
Organize	) Make organic; make into living tissue.
Organ-loft	Gallery for an organ.
Organza	Thin stiff transparent silk or synthetic dress fabric.
Orgasm	Climax of sexual excitement.
Orgasm	Have a sexual orgasm.
Orgy	wild party with indiscriminate sexual activity.
Orgy	excessive indulgence in an activity.
Oriel	projecting window of an upper storey.
Orient	countries east of the mediterranean, esp. E. Asia.
Orient	a place or determine the position of with the aid of a compass; find the bearings of.
Orient	direct.
Oriental	Of the east, esp. E. Asia; of the orient.
Oriental	Native of the orient.
Orientation	orienting or being oriented.
Orientation	a relative position.
Orientation	person's attitude or adjustment in relation to circumstances.
Orientation	introduction to a subject or situation; briefing.
Orienteering	Competitive sport in which runners cross open country with a map, compass, etc.
Orifice	Opening, esp. The mouth of a cavity.
Origami	Art of folding paper into decorative shapes.
Origan	wild marjoram.
Origin	starting-point; source.
Origin	(often in
Origin	) Ancestry, parentage.
Origin	math. Point from which coordinates are measured.
Original	existing from the beginning; earliest; innate.
Original	inventive; creative; not derivative or imitative.
Original	not copied or translated; by the artist etc. Himself
Original	Original model, pattern, picture, etc. From which another is copied or translated.
Original	Originally
Original sin	Innate human sinfulness held to be a result of the fall.
Originate	cause to begin; initiate.
Originate	have as an origin; begin.
Originate	Originator
Oriole	bird with black and yellow plumage in the male.
Ormolu	(often
Ormolu	) Gilded bronze; gold-coloured alloy.
Ormolu	articles made of or decorated with ormolu.
Ornament	a thing used to adorn or decorate.
Ornament	quality or person bringing honour or distinction.
Ornament	decoration, esp. On a building
Ornament	musical embellishment.
Ornament	Adorn; beautify.
Ornament	Ornamentation
Ornate	elaborately adorned.
Ornate	convoluted; flowery.
Ornate	Ornateness
Ornithology	The study of birds.
Ornithology	Ornithologist
Orotund	full, round; imposing.
Orotund	Pompous; pretentious.
Orphan	Child whose parents are dead.
Orphan	Bereave
Orphan	of its parents.
Orphanage	Home for orphans.
Orrery	clockwork model of the solar system.
Orris	a kind of iris.
Orris root	Fragrant iris root used in perfumery etc.
Ortho-	Form
Ortho-	straight.
Ortho-	right, correct.
Orthodontics	pl.
Orthodontics	Correction of irregularities in the teeth and jaws.
Orthodontics	Orthodontist
Orthodox	holding usual or accepted opinions, esp. On religion, morals, etc.
Orthodox	generally approved, conventional
Orthodox	strictly traditional.
Orthodox church	Eastern church with the patriarch of constantinople as its head, and including the national churches of russia, romania, greece, etc.
Orthography	spelling
Orthopaedics	pl.
Orthopaedics	branch of medicine dealing with the correction of diseased, deformed, or injured bones or muscles.
Orthopaedics	Orthopaedist
Orthopedics	pl.
Orthopedics	branch of medicine dealing with the correction of diseased, deformed, or injured bones or muscles.
Orthopedics	Orthopaedist
Ortolan	European bunting, eaten as a delicacy.
-ory	forming nouns denoting a place
-ory	forming adjectives and nouns relating to or involving a verbal action
Os	old style.
Os	ordinary seaman.
Os	ordnance survey.
Os	outsize.
Os	Osmium.
Oscar	Any of the statuettes awarded by the us academy of motion picture arts and sciences for excellence in film acting, directing, etc.
Oscillate	swing to and fro.
Oscillate	vacillate; vary between extremes.
Oscillate	undergo high-frequency alternations.
Oscillate	Oscillator
Oscillo-	Form oscillation, esp. Of an electric current.
Oscilloscope	Device for viewing oscillations by a display on the screen of a cathode-ray tube.
-ose	forming adjectives denoting possession of a quality
Osier	willow used in basketwork.
Osier	shoot of this.
-osis	denoting a process or condition
-osis	, esp.
-osis	pathological state
-osity	forming nouns from adjectives in -ose and -ous
Osmium	Heavy hard bluish-white metallic element.
Osmosis	passage of a solvent through a semi-permeable partition into another solution.
Osmosis	process by which something is acquired by absorption.
Osprey	large bird of prey feeding on fish.
Osseous	of bone.
Osseous	bony.
Ossicle	Small bone or piece of bonelike substance.
Ossify	turn into bone; harden.
Ossify	make or become rigid, callous, or unprogressive.
Ostensible	Concealing the real; professed.
Ostensive	Directly showing.
Ostentation	pretentious display of wealth etc.
Ostentation	showing off.
Ostentation	Ostentatiously
Osteo-	Form bone.
Osteoarthritis	Degenerative disease of joint cartilage.
Osteopathy	Treatment of disease through the manipulation of bones.
Osteoporosis	Condition of brittle bones caused esp. By hormonal changes or deficiency of calcium or vitamin d.
Ostler	Hist. Stableman at an inn.
Ostracize	exclude from society; refuse to associate with.
Ostrich	large african swift-running flightless bird.
Ostrich	person who refuses to acknowledge an awkward truth.
Ot	Old testament.
Other	not the same as one or some already mentioned or implied; separate in identity or distinct in kind
Other	a further; additional
Other	second of two
Other	only remaining
Other	apart from.
Other	Other person or thing.
Other day	a few days
Other day	ago.
Other half	One's wife or husband.
Otherwise	or else; in different circumstances
Otherwise	in other respects
Otherwise	in a different way
Otherwise	as an alternative
Otherwise	Different
Other woman	married man's mistress.
Other-worldly	of another world.
Other-worldly	dreamily distracted from mundane life.
Otiose	Serving no practical purpose; not required.
Ott	Over-the-top.
Otter	aquatic fish-eating mammal with webbed feet and thick brown fur.
Otter	its fur.
Ottoman	of the dynasty of osman
Ottoman	i or the empire ruled by his descendants.
Ottoman	turkish.
Ottoman	turk of the ottoman period.
Ottoman	upholstered seat without back or arms, sometimes a box with a padded top.
Ou	open university.
Ou	oxford university.
Oubliette	Secret dungeon with a trapdoor entrance.
Ouch	Expressing sharp or sudden pain.
Ought	aux.
Ought	expressing duty or rightness
Ought	advisability
Ought	probability
Oughtn't	Ought not.
Ouija	propr. Board marked with letters or signs and used with a movable pointer to try to obtain messages at a seance.
Ounce	unit of weight,
Ounce	/16 lb or approx.
Ounce	8 g.
Ounce	very small quantity.
Our	of or belonging to us or society
Our	Indicating a relative, friend, etc. Of the speaker
Our father	Prayer beginning with these words (matt.
Our father	:9-13).
Our lady	Virgin mary.
Our lord	Christ.
Ours	The one or ones belonging to or associated with us
Ourselves	a emphat. Form of *we or *us
Ourselves	refl. Form of *us
Ourselves	in our normal state of body or mind
-ous	forming adjectives meaning ‘abounding in, characterized by, of the nature of’
-ous	chem. Denoting a state of lower valence than -ic
Oust	Drive out or expel, esp. By seizing the place of.
Out	away from or not in or at a place etc.
Out	indicating: a dispersal away from a centre etc.
Out	coming or bringing into the open
Out	need for attentiveness
Out	not in one's house, office, etc.
Out	to or at an end; completely
Out	Not burning.
Out	in error (was
Out	% out).
Out	Unconscious
Out	Dislocated
Out	Not in office.
Out	considering its verdict.
Out	on strike.
Out	revealed.
Out	open.
Out	Published, on sale.
Out	visible after dark.
Out	6 no longer in fashion
Out	Dismissed from batting.
Out	8 not worth considering
Out	Known to exist
Out	Removed
Out	Out of
Out	Way of escape.
Out	Come or go out; emerge
Out	from within.
Out	not within.
Out	from among.
Out	beyond the range of
Out	so as to be without, lacking
Out	from
Out	because of
Out	by the use of
Out	. Out of bounds see *bound2. Out of date see *date1. Out of order see *order. Out of pocket see *pocket. Out of the question see *question. Out of sorts see *sort. Out of this world see *world. Out of the way see *way. Out to determined to.
Out- 	in senses
Out- 	so as to surpass or exceed
Out- 	external, separate
Out- 	out of; away from; outward
Outage	Period during which a power-supply etc. Is not operating.
Out and about	Active outdoors
Out and out	Thorough; complete.
Out and out	Thoroughly.
Outback	Remote inland areas of australia.
Outbalance	outweigh.
Outbid	(-bidding; past and
Outbid	-bid) bid higher than.
Outboard motor	Portable engine attached to the outside of a boat.
Outbreak	Sudden eruption of anger, war, disease, fire, etc.
Outbuilding	Shed, barn, etc. Detached from a main building.
Outburst	verbal explosion of anger etc.
Outburst	bursting out
Outcast	Person rejected by family or society.
Outcast	Rejected; homeless.
Outclass	Surpass in quality.
Outcome	Result.
Outcrop	a emergence of a stratum etc. At a surface.
Outcrop	stratum etc. Emerging.
Outcrop	noticeable manifestation.
Outcry	strong public protest.
Outdated	Out of date; obsolete.
Outdistance	leave
Outdistance	behind completely.
Outdo	(-doing;
Outdo	rd sing. Present -does; past -did;
Outdo	-done) exceed, excel, surpass.
Outdoor	done, existing, or used out of doors.
Outdoor	fond of the open air
Outdoors	In or into the open air.
Outdoors	The open air.
Outer	outside; external
Outer	farther from the centre or the inside.
Outer space	Universe beyond the earth's atmosphere.
Outface	disconcert by staring or by a display of confidence.
Outfall	Outlet of a river, drain, etc.
Outfield	Outer part of a cricket or baseball pitch.
Outfit	set of clothes or equipment.
Outfit	Group of people regarded as an organization.
Outfitter	Supplier of clothing.
Outflank	extend beyond the flank of
Outflank	outmanoeuvre, outwit.
Outflow	outward flow.
Outflow	amount that flows out.
Outfox	Outwit.
Outgoing	friendly.
Outgoing	retiring from office.
Outgoing	going out.
Outgoing	(in
Outgoing	) Expenditure.
Outgrow	(past -grew;
Outgrow	-grown)
Outgrow	grow too big for.
Outgrow	leave behind
Outgrow	grow faster or taller than.
Outgrowth	offshoot.
Outgrowth	natural product or development.
Outhouse	Small building adjoining or apart from a house.
Outing	Pleasure trip, excursion.
Outlandish	Bizarre, strange.
Outlandish	Outlandishness
Outlast	Last longer than.
Outlaw	fugitive from the law.
Outlaw	hist. Person deprived of the protection of the law.
Outlaw	declare
Outlaw	an outlaw.
Outlaw	make illegal; proscribe.
Outlay	Expenditure.
Outlet	means of exit or escape.
Outlet	means of expressing feelings.
Outlet	a market for goods.
Outlet	shop
Outline	rough draft.
Outline	summary.
Outline	sketch consisting of only contour lines.
Outline	(in sing. Or
Outline	lines enclosing or indicating an object.
Outline	contour.
Outline	external boundary.
Outline	(in
Outline	) Main features or principles.
Outline	draw or describe in outline.
Outline	mark the outline of.
Outlive	live longer than
Outlive	live beyond
Outlook	prospect, view.
Outlook	mental attitude.
Outlying	Far from a centre; remote.
Outmaneuver	secure an advantage over by skilful manoeuvring.
Outmanoeuvre	secure an advantage over by skilful manoeuvring.
Outmatch	Be more than a match for.
Outmoded	outdated.
Outmoded	out of fashion.
Outnumber	Exceed in number.
Out of doors	In or into the open air.
Out of it	not included; forlorn.
Out of it	Unconscious, dazed.
Outpace	go faster than.
Outpace	outdo in a contest.
Outpatient	Non-resident hospital patient.
Outplacement	Assistance in finding a new job after redundancy.
Outpost	detachment posted at a distance from an army.
Outpost	distant branch or settlement
Outpouring	(usu. In
Outpouring	) Copious expression of emotion.
Output	amount produced
Output	electrical power etc. Delivered by an apparatus.
Output	printout, results, etc. From a computer.
Output	place where energy, information, etc. Leaves a system.
Output	(-tt-; past and
Output	-put or -putted)
Output	supply
Outrage	extreme violation of others' rights, sentiments, etc.
Outrage	gross offence or indignity.
Outrage	fierce resentment.
Outrage	subject to outrage.
Outrage	commit an outrage against.
Outrage	shock and anger.
Outrageous	immoderate.
Outrageous	shocking.
Outrageous	immoral, offensive.
Outrank	Be superior in rank to.
Outré	Eccentric, unconventional.
Outrider	Mounted guard or motor cyclist riding ahead of a procession etc.
Outrigger	spar or framework projecting over the side of a ship, racing boat, or canoe to give stability.
Outrigger	boat fitted with this.
Outright	altogether, entirely.
Outright	not gradually.
Outright	without reservation, openly.
Outright	downright, complete.
Outright	undisputed
Outrun	(-nn-; past -ran;
Outrun	-run)
Outrun	run faster or farther than.
Outrun	go beyond
Outsell	(past and
Outsell	-sold)
Outsell	sell more than.
Outsell	be sold in greater quantities than.
Outshine	(-ning; past and
Outshine	-shone)
Outshine	shine brighter than.
Outshine	surpass in excellence etc.
Outside	external side or surface; outer parts.
Outside	external appearance; outward aspect.
Outside	position on the outer side
Outside	a of, on, or nearer the outside; outer.
Outside	not in the main building
Outside	not belonging to a particular group or organization
Outside	Remote; very unlikely.
Outside	The greatest or highest possible
Outside	Positioned nearest to the edge of the field
Outside	on or to the outside.
Outside	in or to the open air.
Outside	not within, enclosed, or included.
Outside	not in prison.
Outside	not in; to or at the exterior of.
Outside	external to, not included in, beyond the limits of.
Outside broadcast	One not made in a studio.
Outside interest	Hobby etc. Not connected with one's work.
Outsider	non-member of some group, organization, profession, etc.
Outsider	competitor thought to have little chance.
Outside world	Society outside the confines of an institution etc.
Outsize	Unusually large.
Outskirts	pl. Outer area of a town etc.
Outsmart	Outwit, be cleverer than.
Outspoken	Saying openly what one thinks; frank.
Outspoken	Outspokenness
Outspread	Spread out; expanded.
Outspread	Spread out; expand.
Outstanding	conspicuous because of excellence.
Outstanding	not yet settled.
Outstanding	still to be dealt with
Outstation	Remote branch or outpost.
Outstay	Stay longer than
Outstretched	Stretched out.
Outstrip	go faster than.
Outstrip	surpass, esp. Competitively.
Out-take	Film or tape sequence rejected in editing.
Out-tray	Tray for outgoing documents etc.
Outvote	defeat by a majority of votes.
Outward	situated on or directed towards the outside.
Outward	going out.
Outward	bodily, external, apparent.
Outward	in an outward direction; towards the outside.
Outward bound	Going away from home.
Outwardness	External existence; objectivity.
Outweigh	Exceed in weight, value, importance, or influence.
Outwit	be too clever for; overcome by greater ingenuity.
Outwork	advanced or detached part of a fortification.
Outwork	work done off the premises of the firm etc. Which supplies it.
Outwork	(in sense
Ouzel	white-breasted thrush.
Ouzel	diving bird; dipper.
Ouzo	greek aniseed-flavoured spirit.
Ova	Of *ovum.
Oval	egg-shaped, ellipsoidal.
Oval	having the outline of an egg, elliptical.
Oval	egg-shaped or elliptical closed curve.
Oval	thing with an oval outline.
Ovary	each of the female reproductive organs in which ova are produced.
Ovary	hollow base of the carpel of a flower.
Ovation	Enthusiastic reception, esp. Applause.
Oven	Enclosed compartment for heating or cooking food etc.
Ovenproof	Suitable for use in an oven; heat-resistant.
Oven-ready	prepared before sale for immediate cooking in the oven.
Ovenware	Dishes for cooking food in the oven.
Over	Expressing movement, position, or state above or beyond something stated or implied:
Over	outward and downward from a brink or from any erect position
Over	so as to cover or touch a whole surface
Over	so as to produce a fold or reverse position
Over- 	excessively.
Over- 	upper, outer.
Over- 	completely
Over-abundance	Excessive quantity.
Overact	Act
Overact	in an exaggerated manner.
Over-active	Excessively active.
Overall	total, inclusive of all
Overall	taking everything into account, general
Overall	including everything
Overall	on the whole, generally
Overall	protective outer garment.
Overall	(in
Overall	) Protective outer trousers or suit.
Overambitious	Excessively ambitious.
Over-anxious	Excessively anxious.
Overarm	With the hand above the shoulder
Overawe	overcome with awe.
Overbalance	lose balance and fall.
Overbalance	cause to do this.
Overbear	(past -bore;
Overbear	-borne)
Overbear	(as overbearing
Overbear	domineering, bullying.
Overbear	overpowering.
Overbear	bear down by weight, force, or emotion.
Overbear	repress by power or authority.
Overbid	(-dd-; past and
Overbid	-bid) make a higher bid than.
Overbid	Bid that is higher than another, or higher than is justified.
Overblown	inflated or pretentious.
Overblown	past its prime.
Overboard	From a ship into the water
Overboard	be highly enthusiastic.
Overboard	behave immoderately.
Overbook	Make too many bookings for
Overborne	Of *overbear.
Overburden	Burden
Overburden	To excess.
Overcast	covered with cloud.
Overcast	edged with stitching to prevent fraying.
Overcautious	Excessively cautious.
Overcharge	charge too high a price to
Overcharge	put too much charge into
Overcharge	put excessive detail into
Overcoat	Warm outdoor coat.
Overcome	(-ming; past -came;
Overcome	-come)
Overcome	prevail over, master, be victorious.
Overcome	(usu. As overcome
Overcome	make faint
Overcome	make weak or helpless
Overcompensate	compensate excessively.
Overcompensate	strive exaggeratedly to make amends etc.
Overconfident	Excessively confident.
Overcook	Cook too much or for too long.
Overcrowd	(usu. As overcrowded
Overcrowd	) Fill beyond what is usual or comfortable.
Overdevelop	develop too much.
Overdevelop	photog. Treat with developer for too long.
Overdo	(-doing;
Overdo	rd sing. Present -does; past -did;
Overdo	-done)
Overdo	carry to excess, go too far.
Overdo	(esp. As overdone
Overdo	) Overcook.
Overdo	Exhaust oneself.
Overdose	Excessive dose of a drug etc.
Overdraft	overdrawing of a bank account.
Overdraft	amount by which an account is overdrawn.
Overdraw	(past -drew;
Overdraw	-drawn)
Overdraw	draw more from
Overdraw	than the amount credited.
Overdraw	(as overdrawn
Overdraw	) Having overdrawn one's account.
Overdress	Dress with too much formality.
Overdrive	mechanism in a vehicle providing a gear above top gear for economy at high speeds.
Overdrive	state of high activity.
Overdue	Past the due time for payment, arrival, return, etc.
Overeager	Excessively eager.
Overeat	(past -ate;
Overeat	-eaten) eat too much.
Overemphasize	give too much emphasis to.
Overenthusiasm	Excessive enthusiasm.
Overenthusiasm	Overenthusiastically
Overestimate	form too high an estimate of.
Overestimate	Too high an estimate.
Overexcite	excite excessively.
Overexert	Exert too much.
Overexpose	expose too much to the public.
Overexpose	expose
Overexpose	too long.
Overfeed	(past and
Overfeed	-fed) feed excessively.
Overfill	Fill to excess or to overflowing.
Overfish	Deplete
Overfish	By too much fishing.
Overflow	flow over
Overflow	Be so full that the contents overflow.
Overflow	overflow a container.
Overflow	Extend beyond the limits of
Overflow	flood
Overflow	Be very abundant.
Overflow	what overflows or is superfluous.
Overflow	outlet for excess water etc.
Overfly	(-flies; past -flew;
Overfly	-flown) fly over or beyond
Overfond	having too great an affection or liking for
Overfull	Filled excessively.
Overground	raised above the ground.
Overground	not underground.
Overgrown	grown too big.
Overgrown	wild; covered with weeds etc.
Overhang	(past and
Overhang	-hung) project or hang over.
Overhang	overhanging.
Overhang	overhanging part or amount.
Overhaul	thoroughly examine the condition of and repair if necessary.
Overhaul	overtake.
Overhaul	Thorough examination, with repairs if necessary.
Overhead	above head height.
Overhead	in the sky.
Overhead	Placed overhead.
Overhead	(in
Overhead	) Routine administrative and maintenance expenses of a business.
Overhead projector	Projector for producing an enlarged image of a transparency.
Overhear	(past and
Overhear	-heard)
Overhear	Hear unintentionally or as an eavesdropper.
Overheat	make or become too hot.
Overheat	cause inflation
Overheat	by placing excessive pressure on resources at a time of expanding demand.
Overheat	(as overheated
Overheat	) Overexcited.
Overindulge	indulge to excess.
Overindulge	Overindulgent
Overjoyed	Filled with great joy.
Overkill	excess of capacity to kill or destroy.
Overkill	excess.
Overland	by land.
Overland	not by sea.
Overlap	partly cover and extend beyond
Overlap	be placed so that one overlaps the other
Overlap	partly coincide.
Overlap	overlapping.
Overlap	overlapping part or amount.
Over-large	Too large.
Overlay	(past and
Overlay	-laid)
Overlay	lay over.
Overlay	cover
Overlay	with
Overlay	Thing laid over another.
Overleaf	On the other side of the leaf of a book.
Overlie	(-lying; past -lay;
Overlie	-lain)
Overlie	lie on top of.
Overlie	smother
Overlie	Thus.
Overload	load excessively
Overload	put too great a demand on
Overload	Excessive quantity or demand.
Over-long	Too long.
Overlook	fail to notice; tolerate.
Overlook	have a view of from above.
Overlook	supervise.
Overlord	Supreme lord.
Overly	Excessively; too.
Overman	provide with too large a crew, staff, etc.
Over-much	To too great an extent.
Over-much	Excessive.
Overnight	for a night.
Overnight	during the night.
Overnight	instantly, suddenly.
Overnight	done or for use etc. Overnight.
Overnight	instant
Over-particular	Excessively particular or fussy.
Overpass	Road or railway line that passes over another by means of a bridge.
Overpay	(past and
Overpay	-paid) pay too highly or too much.
Overplay	Give undue importance to; overemphasize.
Overpopulated	Having too large a population.
Overpower	subdue, conquer.
Overpower	(esp. As overpowering
Overpower	) Be too intense or overwhelming for
Overprice	price too highly.
Overprint	Print over
Overprint	Words etc. Overprinted.
Overproduce	Produce more of
Overproduce	than is wanted.
Overproduce	produce
Overproduce	To an excessive degree.
Overprotective	Excessively protective.
Overqualified	Too highly qualified for a particular job etc.
Overrate	assess or value too highly.
Overrate	(as overrated
Overrate	) Not as good as it is said to be.
Overreach	Outwit, cheat.
Overreact	Respond more forcibly than is justified.
Override	(-ding; past -rode;
Override	-ridden)
Override	(often as overriding
Override	) Have priority over
Override	a intervene and make ineffective.
Override	interrupt the action of
Override	, esp. To take manual control.
Override	suspension of an automatic function.
Override	device for this.
Overrider	Each of a pair of projecting pieces on the bumper of a car.
Overripe	Excessively ripe.
Overrule	set aside
Overrule	By superior authority.
Overrule	reject a proposal of
Overrule	in this way.
Overrun	(-nn-; past -ran;
Overrun	-run)
Overrun	swarm or spread over.
Overrun	conquer
Overrun	by force.
Overrun	Exceed
Overseas	Across the sea; abroad.
Overseas	Of places across the sea; foreign.
Oversee	(-sees; past -saw;
Oversee	-seen) officially supervise
Oversee	; superintend.
Over-sensitive	Excessively sensitive; easily hurt or quick to react.
Over-sensitive	Over-sensitivity
Oversew	sew
Oversew	with stitches passing over the join.
Oversexed	Having unusually strong sexual desires.
Overshadow	appear much more prominent or important than.
Overshadow	cast into the shade.
Overshoe	Outer protective shoe worn over an ordinary one.
Overshoot	(past and
Overshoot	-shot)
Overshoot	pass or send beyond
Overshoot	fly beyond or taxi too far along
Overshoot	when landing or taking off.
Oversight	failure to do or notice something.
Oversight	inadvertent mistake.
Oversight	supervision.
Oversimplify	Distort
Oversimplify	By stating it in too simple terms.
Oversize	of greater than the usual size.
Oversleep	(past and
Oversleep	-slept) sleep beyond the intended time of waking.
Overspecialize	concentrate too much on one aspect or area.
Overspend	(past and
Overspend	-spent) spend too much or beyond one's means.
Overspill	what is spilt over or overflows.
Overspill	surplus population moving to a new area.
Overspread	(past and
Overspread	-spread)
Overspread	cover the surface of.
Overspread	(as overspread
Overspread	covered.
Overstate	state too strongly.
Overstate	exaggerate.
Overstay	Stay longer than
Oversteer	Tendency of a vehicle to turn more sharply than was intended.
Oversteer	exhibit oversteer.
Overstep	pass beyond
Overstock	Stock excessively.
Overstrain	Strain too much.
Overstretch	stretch too much.
Overstretch	(esp. As overstretched
Overstretch	) Make excessive demands on
Overstrung	Too highly strung.
Overstrung	with strings in sets crossing each other obliquely.
Overstuffed	made soft and comfortable by thick upholstery.
Overstuffed	stuffed too full.
Oversubscribe	(usu. As oversubscribed
Oversubscribe	) Subscribe for more than the amount available of
Overt	Done openly; unconcealed.
Overtake	(-king; past -took;
Overtake	-taken)
Overtake	Catch up with and pass while travelling in the same direction.
Overtake	Come suddenly upon.
Overtax	make excessive demands on.
Overtax	tax too heavily.
Over-the-top	Excessive.
Overthrow	(past -threw;
Overthrow	-thrown)
Overthrow	remove forcibly from power.
Overthrow	conquer, overcome.
Overthrow	Defeat, downfall.
Overtime	time worked in addition to regular hours.
Overtime	payment for this.
Overtime	In addition to regular hours.
Overtone	Any of the tones above the lowest in a harmonic series.
Overtone	subtle extra quality or implication.
Overture	orchestral piece opening an opera etc.
Overture	composition in this style.
Overture	(usu. In
Overture	opening of negotiations.
Overture	formal proposal or offer.
Overturn	fall down or over.
Overturn	reverse; overthrow.
Overuse	use too much.
Overuse	Excessive use.
Overview	General survey.
Overweening	Arrogant, presumptuous.
Overweight	Above an allowed or suitable weight.
Overweight	Excess weight; preponderance.
Overwhelm	overpower with emotion or a burden.
Overwhelm	overcome by force of numbers.
Overwhelm	bury or drown beneath a huge mass.
Overwhelming	too great to resist or overcome
Overwhelming	by a great number
Overwind	(past and
Overwind	-wound) wind
Overwind	Beyond the proper stopping point.
Overwork	work too hard.
Overwork	weary or exhaust with too much work.
Overwork	(esp. As overworked
Overwork	) Make excessive use of
Overwork	(as overworked
Overwork	Excessive work.
Overwrought	overexcited, nervous, distraught.
Overwrought	too elaborate.
Ovi-	Form egg, ovum.
Oviduct	Tube through which an ovum passes from the ovary.
Oviform	Egg-shaped.
Ovine	Of or like sheep.
Oviparous	Producing young from eggs hatching after leaving the body.
Ovoid	egg-shaped.
Ovulate	produce ova or ovules, or discharge them from the ovary.
Ovule	Structure that contains the germ cell in a female plant.
Ovum	female egg-cell from which young develop after fertilization.
Ow	Expressing sudden pain.
Owe	a be under obligation
Owe	To pay or repay
Owe	be in debt.
Owe	have a duty to render
Owe	be indebted to a person or thing for
Owing	owed; yet to be paid.
Owing	a caused by.
Owing	) Because of.
Owl	nocturnal bird of prey with large eyes and a hooked beak.
Owl	solemn or wise-looking person.
Owlet	Small or young owl.
Own	a belonging to oneself or itself; not another's
Own	individual, peculiar, particular
Own	used to emphasize identity rather than possession
Own	Private property
Own	have as property; possess.
Own	admit as valid, true, etc.
Own	acknowledge paternity, authorship, or possession of.
Own	receive one's due.
Own	achieve recognition. Get one's own back get revenge. Hold one's own maintain one's position. Of one's own belonging to oneself. On one's own
Own	alone, independent.
Own	independently, without help. Own up
Own	confess frankly.
Own	(in
Own brand	(often
Own brand	) Goods manufactured specially for a retailer and bearing the retailer's name.
Owner	Person who owns something.
Owner-occupier	Person who owns and occupies a house.
Own goal	goal scored by mistake against the scorer's own side.
Own goal	act etc. That has the unintended effect of harming one's own interests.
Owt	Or dial. Anything.
Ox	large usu. Horned ruminant used for draught, milk, and meat.
Ox	castrated male of a domesticated species of cattle.
Oxalic acid	Very poisonous and sour acid found in sorrel and rhubarb leaves.
Oxbow	Loop formed by a horseshoe bend in a river.
Oxbridge	(also
Oxbridge	) Oxford and cambridge universities regarded together, esp. In contrast to newer ones.
Oxen	Of *ox.
Ox-eye daisy	Daisy with white petals and a yellow centre.
Oxf.	Oxford.
Oxfam	Oxford committee for famine relief.
Oxford blue	(as
Oxford blue	Often hyphenated) a dark blue, often with a purple tinge.
Oxhide	hide of an ox.
Oxhide	leather from this.
Oxidation	Process of oxidizing.
Oxide	Binary compound of oxygen.
Oxidize	combine with oxygen.
Oxidize	make or become rusty.
Oxidize	coat
Oxidize	with oxide.
Oxon	of oxford university.
Oxonian	Of oxford or oxford university.
Oxonian	member of oxford university.
Oxonian	native or inhabitant of oxford.
Oxtail	Tail of an ox, often used in making soup.
Oxyacetylene	Of or using a mixture of oxygen and acetylene, esp. In cutting or welding metals.
Oxygen	Tasteless odourless gaseous element essential to plant and animal life.
Oxygenate	supply, treat, or mix with oxygen; oxidize.
Oxygen tent	Tentlike enclosure supplying a patient with air rich in oxygen.
Oxymoron	Figure of speech in which apparently contradictory terms appear in conjunction
Oyez	uttered, usu. Three times, by a public crier or a court officer to command attention.
Oyster	bivalve mollusc, esp. An edible kind, sometimes producing a pearl.
Oyster	symbol of all one desires
Oyster	oyster white.
Oyster	Oyster-white.
Oyster-catcher	Wading sea bird.
Oyster white	(as
Oyster white	Often hyphenated) greyish white.
Oz	Ounce
Ozone	chem. Unstable form of oxygen with three atoms in a molecule, having a pungent odour.
Ozone	invigorating air at the seaside etc.
Ozone	exhilarating influence.
Ozone-friendly	Not containing chemicals destructive to the ozone layer.
Ozone layer	Layer of ozone in the stratosphere that absorbs most of the sun's ultraviolet radiation.
P1	sixteenth letter of the alphabet.
P2	parking.
P2	chess pawn.
P2	proprietary.
P3	Phosphorus.
P	penny, pence.
P	page.
P	piano
Pa	personal assistant.
Pa	public address
Pa	Protactinium.
Pa	Father.
P.a.	Per annum.
Pabulum	Food, esp. For the mind.
Pace1	a single step in walking or running.
Pace1	distance covered in this.
Pace1	speed in walking or running.
Pace1	rate of movement or progression.
Pace1	way of walking or running; gait
Pace1	a walk slowly and evenly
Pace1	amble.
Pace1	traverse by pacing.
Pace1	set the pace for
Pace1	measure by pacing.
Pace2	with due respect to
Pace bowler	Cricket fast bowler.
Pacemaker	competitor who sets the pace in a race.
Pacemaker	natural or artificial device for stimulating the heart muscle.
Pace-setter	leader.
Pachyderm	Thick-skinned mammal, esp. An elephant or rhinoceros.
Pacific	peaceful; tranquil.
Pacific	of or adjoining the pacific.
Pacific	ocean between america to the east and asia to the west.
Pacifier	person or thing that pacifies.
Pacifier	us baby's dummy.
Pacifism	Belief that war and violence are morally unjustifiable.
Pacify	appease
Pacify	bring
Pacify	To a state of peace.
Pacify	Pacificatory
Pack1	a collection of things wrapped up or tied together for carrying.
Pack1	set of packaged items.
Pack1	usu. Derog. Lot or set
Pack1	set of playing-cards.
Pack1	group of hounds, wild animals, etc.
Pack1	organized group of cub scouts or brownies.
Pack1	rugby team's forwards.
Pack1	a fill
Pack1	With clothes etc.
Pack1	put
Pack1	in a bag or suitcase, esp. For travelling.
Pack1	crowd or cram
Pack1	fill
Pack1	cover
Pack1	with packaging.
Pack1	be suitable for packing.
Pack1	carry
Pack1	be capable of delivering
Pack1	form a pack.
Pack1	Stop, give up
Pack1	. Pack it in
Pack1	End or stop it. Pack off send
Pack1	away, esp. Summarily.  Pack them in fill a theatre etc. With a capacity audience. Pack up
Pack1	stop functioning; break down.
Pack1	retire from an activity, contest, etc. Send packing
Pack1	Dismiss summarily.
Pack2	Select
Pack2	Or fill
Pack2	so as to secure a decision in one's favour.
Package	a bundle of things packed.
Package	parcel, box, etc., in which things are packed.
Package	set of proposals or items offered or agreed to as a whole.
Package	computing piece of software suitable for a wide range of users.
Package	make up into or enclose in a package.
Package holiday	holiday
Package holiday	with travel, hotels, etc. At an inclusive price.
Packaging	wrapping or container for goods.
Packaging	process of packing goods.
Packed lunch	Lunch of sandwiches etc. Prepared and packed to be eaten away from home.
Packed out	Full, crowded.
Packer	Person or thing that packs, esp.
Packer	dealer who prepares and packs food.
Packet	small package.
Packet	Large sum of money won, lost, or spent.
Packet	hist. Mail-boat or passenger ship.
Packhorse	Horse for carrying loads.
Pack ice	Crowded floating ice in the sea.
Packing	Material used to pack esp. Fragile articles.
Packthread	Stout thread for sewing or tying up packs.
Pact	Agreement; treaty.
Pad1	thick piece of soft material used to protect, fill out hollows, hold or absorb liquid, etc.
Pad1	sheets of blank paper fastened together at one edge, for writing or drawing on.
Pad1	fleshy underpart of an animal's foot or of a human finger.
Pad1	guard for the leg and ankle in sports.
Pad1	flat surface for helicopter take-off or rocket-launching.
Pad1	lodgings, flat, etc.
Pad1	floating leaf of a water lily.
Pad1	provide with a pad or padding; stuff.
Pad1	lengthen or fill out
Pad1	With unnecessary material.
Pad2	walk with a soft dull steady step.
Pad2	travel, or tramp along
Pad2	, on foot.
Pad2	Sound of soft steady steps.
Padded cell	Room with padded walls in a mental hospital.
Padding	Soft material used to pad or stuff.
Paddle1	short broad-bladed oar used without a rowlock.
Paddle1	paddle-shaped instrument.
Paddle1	fin, flipper.
Paddle1	board on a paddle-wheel or mill-wheel.
Paddle1	action or spell of paddling.
Paddle1	move on water or propel a boat by paddles.
Paddle1	row gently.
Paddle2	walk barefoot, or dabble the feet or hands, in shallow water.
Paddle2	Act of paddling.
Paddle-boat	boat
Paddle-boat	propelled by a paddle-wheel.
Paddle-wheel	Wheel for propelling a ship, with boards round the circumference.
Paddock	small field, esp. For keeping horses in.
Paddock	turf enclosure at a racecourse for horses or cars.
Paddy	Often offens. Irishman.
Paddy1	field where rice is grown.
Paddy1	rice before threshing or in the husk.
Paddy2	Rage; fit of temper.
Padlock	Detachable lock hanging by a pivoted hook on the object fastened.
Padlock	Secure with a padlock.
Padre	Chaplain in the army etc.
Paean	song of praise or triumph.
Paediatrics	pl.
Paediatrics	branch of medicine dealing with children and their diseases.
Paediatrics	Paediatrician
Paedo-	Form
Paedo-	child.
Paedophile	person who displays paedophilia.
Paedophilia	sexual attraction felt towards children.
Paella	Spanish dish of rice, saffron, chicken, seafood, etc., cooked and served in a large shallow pan.
Pagan	Non-religious person, pantheist, or heathen, esp. In pre-christian times.
Pagan	a of pagans.
Pagan	irreligious.
Pagan	pantheistic.
Page1	a leaf of a book, periodical, etc.
Page1	each side of this.
Page1	what is written or printed on this.
Page1	episode; memorable event.
Page1	paginate.
Page2	liveried boy or man employed to run errands, attend to a door, etc.
Page2	boy as a personal attendant of a bride etc.
Page2	Summon, esp. By making an announcement.
Page2	summon by pager.
Pageant	a brilliant spectacle, esp. An elaborate parade.
Pageant	spectacular procession or play illustrating historical events.
Pageant	tableau etc. On a fixed stage or moving vehicle.
Pageant	empty or specious show.
Pageantry	spectacular show; pomp.
Page-boy	woman's hairstyle with the hair bobbed and rolled under.
Pager	Bleeping radio device, calling its wearer to the telephone etc.
Paginate	assign numbers to the pages of
Pagoda	hindu or buddhist temple etc., esp.
Pagoda	many-tiered tower, in india and the far east.
Pagoda	ornamental imitation of this.
Pah	Expressing disgust or contempt.
Paid-up	Having paid one's subscription to a trade-union, club, etc., or having done what is required to be considered a full member of a particular group
Pail	bucket.
Pail	amount contained in this.
Pain	any unpleasant bodily sensation produced by illness, accident, etc.
Pain	mental suffering.
Pain	Troublesome person or thing; nuisance.
Pain	cause pain to.
Pain	(as pained
Pain	) Expressing pain
Painful	causing bodily or mental pain.
Painful	suffering pain.
Painful	causing trouble or difficulty; laborious
Painkiller	Drug for alleviating pain.
Painless	Not causing pain.
Painstaking	Careful, industrious, thorough.
Paint	pigment, esp. In liquid form, for colouring a surface.
Paint	this as a dried film or coating
Paint	a cover
Paint	With paint.
Paint	apply paint of a specified colour to
Paint	depict
Paint	In paint; produce
Paint	thus.
Paint	describe vividly
Paint	joc. Or
Paint	a apply make-up to
Paint	apply
Paint	Enjoy oneself flamboyantly.
Paintbox	Box holding dry paints for painting pictures.
Paintbrush	Brush for applying paint.
Painted lady	Orange-red spotted butterfly.
Painter1	Person who paints; artist or decorator.
Painter2	Rope attached to the bow of a boat for tying it to a quay etc.
Painterly	characteristic of a painter or paintings; artistic.
Painterly	lacking clearly defined outlines.
Painting	process or art of using paint.
Painting	painted picture.
Paint shop	Part of a factory where cars etc. Are sprayed or painted.
Paintwork	Painted, esp. Wooden, surface or area in a building etc.
Painty	Of or covered in paint
Pair	set of two people or things used together or regarded as a unit.
Pair	article
Pair	consisting of two joined or corresponding parts.
Pair	a engaged or married couple.
Pair	mated couple of animals.
Pair	two horses harnessed side by side
Pair	member of a pair in relation to the other
Pair	two playing-cards of the same denomination.
Pair	either or both of two mps etc. On opposite sides agreeing not to vote on certain occasions.
Pair	arrange or be arranged in couples.
Pair	a join or be joined in marriage.
Pair	mate.
Pair of scales	Simple balance.
Paisley	(often
Paisley	pattern of curved feather-shaped figures.
Paisley	soft woollen shawl etc. Having this pattern.
Pajamas	pl.
Pajamas	suit of loose trousers and jacket for sleeping in.
Pajamas	loose trousers worn by both sexes in some asian countries.
Pajamas	Of either part of a pair of pyjamas
Paki	offens. Pakistani.
Pakistani	native or national of pakistan.
Pakistani	person of pakistani descent.
Pakistani	Of pakistan.
Pal	Friend, mate, comrade.
Pal	associate; form a friendship.
Palace	official residence of a sovereign, president, archbishop, or bishop.
Palace	splendid or spacious building.
Palace revolution	overthrow of a sovereign, government, etc. By a bureaucracy.
Palaeo-	Form
Palaeo-	ancient; prehistoric.
Palaeography	the study of ancient writing and documents.
Palaeolithic	of the early part of the stone age.
Palaeontology	the study of life in the geological past.
Palaeozoic	Of an era of geological time marked by the appearance of plants and animals, esp. Invertebrates.
Palaeozoic	This era.
Palais	Public dancehall.
Palanquin	covered litter for one.
Palatable	pleasant to taste.
Palatable	Acceptable, satisfactory.
Palatal	of the palate.
Palatal	made by placing the tongue against the hard palate (e.g.
Palatal	in yes).
Palatal	Palatal sound.
Palate	structure closing the upper part of the mouth cavity in vertebrates.
Palate	sense of taste.
Palate	mental taste; liking.
Palatial	like a palace; spacious and splendid.
Palatinate	Territory under the jurisdiction of a count palatine.
Palatine	hist.
Palatine	Having local authority that elsewhere belongs only to a sovereign
Palatine	subject to this authority.
Palaver	Tedious fuss and bother.
Pale1	light or faint; whitish, ashen.
Pale1	of faint lustre; dim.
Pale1	grow or make pale.
Pale1	seem feeble in comparison
Pale1	Paleness
Pale1	Palish
Pale2	pointed piece of wood for fencing etc.; stake.
Pale2	boundary.
Paleface	Name supposedly used by
Paleface	American indians for the white man.
Paleo-	Form
Paleo-	ancient; prehistoric.
Paleocene	geol.
Paleocene	Of the earliest epoch of the tertiary period.
Paleocene	This epoch or system.
Paleography	the study of ancient writing and documents.
Paleolithic	of the early part of the stone age.
Paleontology	the study of life in the geological past.
Paleozoic	Of an era of geological time marked by the appearance of plants and animals, esp. Invertebrates.
Paleozoic	This era.
Palestinian	Of palestine.
Palestinian	native of palestine.
Palestinian	arab, or a descendant of one, born or living in the area formerly called palestine.
Palette	artist's thin board or slab for laying and mixing colours on.
Palette	range of colours used by an artist.
Palette-knife	thin flexible steel blade with a handle for mixing colours or applying or removing paint.
Palette-knife	blunt round-ended flexible kitchen knife.
Palimony	Esp. Us
Palimony	Allowance paid by either partner of a separated unmarried couple to the other.
Palimpsest	writing-material or manuscript on which the original writing has been effaced for re-use.
Palimpsest	monumental brass turned and re-engraved on the reverse side.
Palindrome	Word or phrase reading the same backwards as forwards
Paling	fence of pales.
Paling	pale.
Palisade	fence of pales or iron railings.
Palisade	strong pointed wooden stake.
Palisade	enclose or provide with a palisade.
Pall1	cloth spread over a coffin etc.
Pall1	shoulder-band with pendants, worn as an ecclesiastical vestment and sign of authority.
Pall1	dark covering
Pall2	become uninteresting
Palladium	Rare white metallic element used as a catalyst and in jewellery.
Pallbearer	Person helping to carry or escort a coffin at a funeral.
Pallet1	straw mattress.
Pallet1	mean or makeshift bed.
Pallet2	Portable platform for transporting and storing loads.
Palliasse	Straw mattress.
Palliate	alleviate
Palliate	without curing it.
Palliate	excuse, extenuate.
Pallid	Pale, esp. From illness.
Pallor	Paleness.
Pally	Friendly.
Palm1	tree-like plant with no branches and a mass of large leaves at the top.
Palm1	leaf of this as a symbol of victory.
Palm2	inner surface of the hand between the wrist and fingers.
Palm2	part of a glove that covers this.
Palm2	Conceal in the hand.
Palm2	impose fraudulently
Palm2	cause
Palm2	to accept unwillingly or unknowingly
Palmate	shaped like an open hand.
Palmate	having lobes etc. Like spread fingers.
Palmetto	small palm-tree.
Palmistry	Fortune-telling from lines etc. On the palm of the hand.
Palm oil	Oil from various palms.
Palm sunday	Sunday before easter, celebrating christ's entry into jerusalem.
Palmy	of, like, or abounding in palms.
Palmy	triumphant, flourishing
Palomino	golden or cream-coloured horse with light-coloured mane and tail.
Palpable	able to be touched or felt.
Palpable	readily perceived.
Palpate	examine
Palpate	by touch.
Palpitate	pulsate, throb, tremble.
Palpitation	throbbing, trembling.
Palpitation	(often in
Palpitation	) Increased rate of heartbeat due to exertion, agitation, or disease.
Palsy	paralysis, esp. With involuntary tremors.
Palsy	affect with palsy.
Paltry	worthless, contemptible, trifling.
Pampas	pl. Large treeless plains in s. America.
Pampas-grass	Tall s. American ornamental grass.
Pamper	Overindulge
Pamper	; spoil.
Pamphlet	Small usu. Unbound booklet or leaflet.
Pamphlet	distribute pamphlets to.
Pamphleteer	Writer of
Pamphleteer	pamphlets.
Pan1	a broad usu. Metal vessel used for cooking etc.
Pan1	contents of this.
Pan1	panlike vessel in which substances are heated etc.
Pan1	similar shallow container, e.g. The bowl of a pair of scales.
Pan1	lavatory bowl.
Pan1	part of the lock in old guns.
Pan1	hollow in the ground
Pan1	Criticize severely.
Pan1	wash
Pan1	in a pan.
Pan1	search for gold thus.
Pan1	Turn out; work out well or in a specified way.
Pan1	yield gold.
Pan1	. Panlike
Pan2	swing
Pan2	horizontally to give a panoramic effect or to follow a moving object.
Pan2	be moved thus.
Pan2	Panning movement.
Pan-	Form
Pan-	all; the whole of.
Pan-	relating to the whole of a continent, racial group, religion, etc.
Panacea	Universal remedy.
Panache	Assertive flamboyance; confidence of style or manner.
Panama	Straw hat with a brim and indented crown.
Panatella	Long thin cigar.
Pancake	thin flat cake of fried batter usu. Rolled up with a filling.
Pancake	flat cake of make-up etc.
Pancake day	Shrove tuesday
Pancake landing	Emergency aircraft landing with the undercarriage still retracted.
Panchromatic	Sensitive to all visible colours of the spectrum.
Pancreas	Gland near the stomach supplying digestive fluid and secreting insulin.
Panda	large bearlike black and white mammal native to china and tibet.
Panda	reddish-brown himalayan racoon-like mammal.
Panda car	Police patrol car.
Pandemic	Widespread; universal.
Pandemonium	uproar; utter confusion.
Pandemonium	scene of this.
Pander	gratify or indulge
Pander	procurer; pimp.
Pander	person who encourages
Pander	desires.
Pandora's box	Process that once begun will generate many unmanageable problems.
P. & p.	Postage and packing.
Pane	Single sheet of glass in a window or door.
Panegyric	Eulogy; speech or essay of praise.
Panel	distinct, usu. Rectangular, section of a surface
Panel	strip of material in a garment.
Panel	team in a broadcast game, discussion, etc.
Panel	a list of available jurors.
Panel	jury.
Panel	fit, cover, or decorate with panels.
Panel-beater	Person who beats out the metal panels of vehicles.
Panel game	Broadcast quiz etc. Played by a panel.
Paneling	panelled work.
Paneling	wood for making panels.
Panelist	member of a panel.
Panelling	panelled work.
Panelling	wood for making panels.
Panellist	member of a panel.
Pang	(often in
Pang	) Sudden sharp pain or painful emotion.
Pangolin	Scaly asian and african anteater.
Panic	sudden uncontrollable fear.
Panic	infectious fright, esp. In commercial dealings.
Panic	affect or be affected with panic
Panicle	Loose branching cluster of flowers, as in oats.
Panic stations	State of emergency.
Panic-stricken	affected with panic.
Panjandrum	mock title for an important person.
Panjandrum	pompous official etc.
Pannier	Basket, bag, or box, esp. One of a pair carried by a donkey etc., bicycle, or motor cycle.
Panoply	complete or splendid array.
Panoply	complete suit of armour.
Panorama	unbroken view of a surrounding region.
Panorama	complete survey of a subject, series of events, etc.
Panorama	picture or photograph containing a wide view.
Panorama	continuous passing scene.
Pan-pipes	pl. Musical instrument made of a series of short graduated pipes fixed together.
Pansy	cultivated plant with flowers of various rich colours.
Pansy	Offens.
Pansy	effeminate man.
Pansy	male homosexual.
Pant	breathe with short quick breaths.
Pant	utter breathlessly.
Pant	yearn, crave.
Pant	Throb violently.
Pant	panting breath.
Pant	throb.
Pantaloons	pl.
Pantaloons	baggy trousers gathered at the ankles.
Pantechnicon	Large furniture removal van.
Pantheism	belief that god is in all nature.
Pantheism	worship that admits or tolerates all gods.
Pantheism	Pantheistic
Pantheon	building in which illustrious dead are buried or have memorials.
Pantheon	the deities of a people collectively.
Pantheon	temple dedicated to all the gods.
Panther	leopard, esp. With black fur.
Panther	us puma.
Pantie-girdle	Woman's girdle with a crotch shaped like pants.
Panties	Short-legged or legless underpants worn by women and girls.
Pantihose	(usu. Treated as
Pantihose	) Us women's tights.
Pantile	Curved roof-tile.
Pantograph	instrument with jointed rods for copying a plan or drawing etc. On a different scale.
Pantograph	jointed framework conveying a current to an electric vehicle from overhead wires.
Pantomime	christmas theatrical entertainment based on a fairy tale.
Pantomime	gestures and facial expression conveying meaning, esp. In drama and dance.
Pantomime	Absurd or outrageous piece of behaviour.
Pantry	small room or cupboard in which crockery, cutlery, table linen, etc., are kept.
Pantry	larder.
Pants	underpants or knickers.
Pants	us trousers.
Pants	Bore, scare, etc., greatly. With one's pants down
Pants	In an embarrassingly unprepared state.
Pap1	soft or semi-liquid food for infants or invalids.
Pap1	light or trivial reading matter.
Pap2	or dial. Nipple.
Papa	father
Papacy	pope's office or tenure.
Papacy	papal system.
Papal	Of a pope or the papacy.
Paparazzo	freelance photographer who pursues celebrities to photograph them.
Paper	material made in thin sheets from the pulp of wood etc., used for writing, drawing, or printing on, or as wrapping material etc.
Paper	made of or using paper.
Paper	flimsy like paper.
Paper	a printed document.
Paper	) Identification etc. Documents.
Paperback	(often
Paperback	) Book bound in paper or card, not boards.
Paper-boy	boy or girl who delivers or sells newspapers.
Paper-chase	Cross-country run following a trail of torn-up paper.
Paper-clip	Clip of bent wire or plastic for fastening papers together.
Paper-hanger	Person who hangs wallpaper, esp. For a living.
Paper-knife	Blunt knife for opening letters etc.
Paper-mill	Mill in which paper is made.
Paper money	Banknotes.
Paper round	job of regularly delivering newspapers.
Paper round	route for this.
Paper tiger	Apparently threatening, but ineffectual, person or thing.
Paperweight	Small heavy object for keeping loose papers in place.
Paperwork	Routine clerical or administrative work.
Papery	Like paper in thinness or texture.
Papier mâché	Paper pulp moulded into boxes, trays, etc.
Papilla	small nipple-like protuberance in or on the body, as that at the base of a hair, feather, etc.
Papist	Often derog.
Papist	(often
Papist	) Roman catholic.
Papist	hist. Advocate of papal supremacy.
Papoose	American indian young child.
Paprika	red pepper.
Paprika	condiment made from this.
Pap test	Cervical smear test.
Papyrus	aquatic plant of
Papyrus	Africa.
Papyrus	a writing-material made in ancient egypt from the pithy stem of this.
Papyrus	text written on this.
Par	average or normal amount, degree, condition, etc.
Par	equality; equal status or footing
Par	golf number of strokes a first-class player should normally require for a hole or course.
Par	face value of stocks and shares etc.
Par	recognized value of one country's currency in terms of another's.
Par	What is normal or to be expected.
Para	paratrooper.
Para	paragraph.
Para-1 	beside
Para-1 	beyond
Para-2	Form protect, ward off
Parable	story used to illustrate a moral or spiritual lesson.
Parable	allegory.
Parabola	Open plane curve formed by the intersection of a cone with a plane parallel to its side.
Paracetamol	drug used to relieve pain and reduce fever.
Paracetamol	tablet of this.
Parachute	Rectangular or umbrella-shaped apparatus allowing a slow and safe descent esp. From an aircraft, or used to retard forward motion etc. (often
Parachute	: parachute troops).
Parachute	convey or descend by parachute.
Parade	public procession.
Parade	a ceremonial muster of troops for inspection.
Parade	ostentatious display
Parade	public square, promenade, or row of shops.
Parade	march ceremonially.
Parade	assemble for parade.
Parade	display ostentatiously.
Parade	march through
Parade	In procession.
Parade	taking part in a parade.
Parade	on display.
Parade-ground	Place for the muster and drilling of troops.
Paradiddle	Drum roll with alternate beating of sticks.
Paradigm	Example or pattern, esp.
Paradigm	set of noun or verb inflections.
Paradise	heaven.
Paradise	place or state of complete happiness.
Paradise	abode of adam and eve; garden of eden.
Paradise	Paradisal
Paradise	Paradisiacal
Paradise	Paradisical
Paradox	a seemingly absurd or contradictory though often true statement.
Paradox	self-contradictory or absurd statement.
Paradox	person or thing having contradictory qualities etc.
Paradox	paradoxical quality.
Paradox	Paradoxically
Paraffin	inflammable waxy or oily hydrocarbon distilled from petroleum or shale, used in liquid form
Paraffin	esp. As a fuel.
Paraffin	chem.
Paraffin wax	Paraffin in its solid form.
Paragon	model of excellence etc.
Paragraph	distinct section of a piece of writing, beginning on a new often indented line.
Paragraph	symbol
Paragraph	used to mark a new paragraph, or as a reference mark.
Paragraph	short item in a newspaper.
Paragraph	Arrange
Paragraph	in paragraphs.
Parakeet	Small usu. Long-tailed parrot.
Parallax	apparent difference in the position or direction of an object caused when the observer's position is changed.
Parallax	angular amount of this.
Parallel	continuously side by side and equidistant.
Parallel	having this relation
Parallel	Precisely similar, analogous, or corresponding.
Parallel	Occurring or performed simultaneously.
Parallel	computing involving the simultaneous performance of operations.
Parallel	person or thing precisely analogous to another.
Parallel	comparison
Parallel	a each of the imaginary parallel circles of constant latitude on the earth's surface.
Parallel	corresponding line on a map
Parallel	printing two parallel lines
Parallel	as a reference mark.
Parallel	be parallel, or correspond, to.
Parallel	represent as similar; compare.
Parallel	cite as a parallel instance.
Parallel bars	pl. Pair of parallel rails on posts for gymnastics.
Parallelepiped	Solid body of which each face is a parallelogram.
Parallelogram	Four-sided plane rectilinear figure with opposite sides parallel.
Paralyse	affect with paralysis.
Paralyse	render powerless; cripple.
Paralysis	impairment or loss of esp. The motor function of the nerves, causing immobility.
Paralysis	powerlessness.
Paralytic	affected by paralysis.
Paralytic	very drunk.
Paralytic	Person affected by paralysis.
Paralyze	affect with paralysis.
Paralyze	render powerless; cripple.
Paramedic	Paramedical worker.
Paramedical	Supplementing and assisting medical work.
Parameter	math. Quantity constant in the case considered but varying in different cases.
Parameter	characteristic or feature.
Parameter	limit or boundary, esp. Of a subject for discussion.
Paramilitary	organized on military lines.
Paramilitary	member of an unofficial paramilitary organization, esp. In
Paramilitary	Ireland.
Paramount	supreme; most important.
Paramount	in supreme authority.
Paramour	or derog. Illicit lover of a married person.
Paranoia	mental disorder with delusions of persecution and self-importance.
Paranoia	abnormal suspicion and mistrust.
Paranoia	Paranoiacally
Paranoia	Paranoic
Paranoia	Paranoically
Paranoia	Paranoid
Paranormal	Beyond the scope of normal scientific investigation or explanation.
Parapet	low wall at the edge of a roof, balcony, bridge, etc.
Parapet	defence of earth or stone.
Paraphernalia	pl.
Paraphernalia	Miscellaneous belongings, equipment, accessories, etc.
Paraphrase	Expression of a passage in other words.
Paraphrase	express the meaning of
Paraphrase	thus.
Paraplegia	Paralysis below the waist.
Parapsychology	The study of mental phenomena outside the sphere of ordinary psychology
Paraquat	quick-acting highly toxic herbicide.
Parascending	Sport in which participants wearing open parachutes are towed behind a vehicle or motor boat to gain height before release for a conventional descent.
Parasite	organism living in or on another and feeding on it.
Parasite	person exploiting another or others.
Parasite	Parasitically
Parasite	Parasitism
Parasol	Light umbrella giving shade from the sun.
Paratrooper	Member of a body of paratroops.
Paratroops	pl. Parachute troops.
Paratyphoid	(often
Paratyphoid	) Fever resembling typhoid.
Par avion	By airmail.
Parboil	Boil until partly cooked.
Parcel	goods etc. Wrapped up in a package for posting or carrying.
Parcel	piece of land.
Parcel	quantity dealt with in one commercial transaction.
Parcel	wrap as a parcel.
Parcel	divide into portions.
Parch	make or become hot and dry.
Parch	roast
Parch	Slightly.
Parchment	a skin, esp. Of sheep or goat, prepared for writing or painting on.
Parchment	manuscript written on this.
Parchment	high-grade paper resembling parchment.
Pardon	forgiveness for an offence, error, etc.
Pardon	remission of the legal consequences of a crime or conviction.
Pardon	forgive or excuse.
Pardon	release from the legal consequences of an offence, error, etc.
Pardon	formula of apology or disagreement.
Pardon	request to repeat something said.
Pare	a trim or shave by cutting away the surface or edge.
Pare	cut off
Pare	diminish little by little.
Parent	person who has or adopts a child; father or mother.
Parent	animal or plant from which others are derived.
Parent	(often
Parent	) Source, origin, etc.
Parent	Be the parent of.
Parent	Parenthood
Parentage	Lineage; descent from or through parents.
Parent company	Company of which others are subsidiaries.
Parenthesis	a explanatory or qualifying word, clause, or sentence inserted into a sentence etc., and usu. Marked off by brackets, dashes, or commas.
Parenthesis	) Round brackets
Parenthesis	used for this.
Parenthesis	interlude or interval.
Parenthesis	Parenthetically
Parenting	bringing up children.
Parent-teacher association	Social and fund-raising organization of a school's parents and teachers.
Par excellence	Being the supreme example of its kind
Parfait	rich iced pudding of whipped cream, eggs, etc.
Parfait	layers of ice-cream, meringue, etc., served in a tall glass.
Pariah	social outcast.
Pariah	hist. Member of a low caste or of no caste in s. India.
Parietal	Of the wall of the body or any of its cavities.
Parietal bone	Either of a pair of bones in the skull.
Paring	Strip or piece cut off.
Parish	area having its own church and clergyman.
Parish	local government district.
Parish	inhabitants of a parish.
Parish clerk	Official performing various duties for a church.
Parish council	Administrative body in a civil parish.
Parishioner	Inhabitant of a parish.
Parish register	Book recording christenings, marriages, and burials, at a parish church.
Parity	equality, equal status or pay.
Parity	parallelism or analogy
Parity	equivalence of one currency with another; being at par.
Park	large public garden in a town, for recreation.
Park	land attached to a country house etc.
Park	a large area of uncultivated land for public recreational use.
Park	large enclosed area where wild animals are kept in captivity
Park	area for parking vehicles etc.
Park	area for a specified purpose
Park	a us sports ground.
Park	football pitch.
Park	Leave
Park	temporarily.
Park	Deposit and leave, usu. Temporarily.
Park	Sit down.
Parka	long usu. Green anorak with fur round the hood.
Parka	hooded skin jacket worn by eskimos.
Parkin	Cake of ginger, oatmeal, treacle, etc.
Parking-lot	Us outdoor car park.
Parking-meter	Coin-operated meter allocating a length of time for which a vehicle may be parked in a street.
Parking-ticket	Notice of a penalty imposed for parking illegally.
Parkinson's disease	progressive disease of the nervous system with tremor, muscular rigidity, and emaciation.
Parkinson's law	Notion that work expands to fill the time available for it.
Parkland	Open grassland with trees etc.
Parky	Or dial. Chilly.
Parlance	Vocabulary or idiom of a particular subject, group, etc.
Parley	conference of disputants, esp. To discuss peace terms etc.
Parley	hold a parley.
Parliament	highest legislature, consisting of the sovereign, the house of lords, and the house of commons.
Parliament	members of this for a particular period, esp. Between elections.
Parliament	similar legislature in other states.
Parliamentarian	Member of a parliament, esp. An expert in its procedures.
Parliamentary	of a parliament.
Parliamentary	enacted or established by a parliament.
Parliamentary	Polite.
Parlor	sitting-room in a private house.
Parlor	esp. Us shop providing specified goods or services
Parlour	sitting-room in a private house.
Parlour	esp. Us shop providing specified goods or services
Parlour game	Indoor game, esp.
Parlour game	word-game.
Parlous	or joc. Dangerous or difficult.
Parmesan	Hard dry cheese made orig. At parma and usu. Used grated.
Parochial	of a parish.
Parochial	Merely local, narrow, or provincial.
Parochial	Parochially
Parody	humorous exaggerated imitation of an author, literary work, style, etc.
Parody	feeble imitation; travesty.
Parody	compose a parody of.
Parody	mimic humorously.
Parole	temporary or permanent release of a prisoner before the expiry of a sentence, on the promise of good behaviour.
Parole	such a promise.
Parole	put
Parole	on parole.
Parotid	Situated near the ear.
Parotid	salivary gland in front of the ear.
Paroxysm	sudden attack or outburst
Paroxysm	fit of disease.
Parquet	flooring of wooden blocks arranged in a pattern.
Parquet	us stalls of a theatre.
Parquet	floor
Parquet	thus.
Parquetry	Use of wooden blocks to make floors or inlay for furniture.
Parr	Young salmon.
Parricide	murder of a near relative, esp. Of a parent.
Parricide	person who commits parricide.
Parrot	mainly tropical bird with a short hooked bill, often vivid plumage, and the ability to mimic the human voice.
Parrot	person who mechanically repeats another's words or actions.
Parrot	repeat mechanically.
Parrot-fashion	mechanically, by rote.
Parry	avert or ward off
Parry	, esp. With a countermove.
Parry	deal skilfully with
Parry	act of parrying.
Parse	describe
Parse	grammatically, stating its inflection, relation to the sentence, etc.
Parse	resolve
Parse	into its component parts and describe them grammatically.
Parsec	Unit of stellar distance, equal to about
Parsec	.25 light-years.
Parsimony	Carefulness in the use of money etc.; stinginess.
Parsley	Herb with crinkly aromatic leaves, used to season and garnish food.
Parsnip	plant with a pale-yellow tapering root.
Parsnip	this root eaten as a vegetable.
Parson	rector.
Parson	vicar; clergyman.
Parsonage	Church house provided for a parson.
Parson's nose	Fatty flesh at the rump of a cooked fowl.
Part	some but not all of a thing or group of things.
Part	essential member, constituent, or component
Part	portion of a human or animal body.
Part	division of a book, broadcast serial, etc., esp. Issued or broadcast at one time.
Part	each of several equal portions of a whole (3 parts sugar to
Part	parts flour).
Part	a allotted share.
Part	person's share in an action etc.
Part	duty
Part	a character assigned to, or words spoken by, an actor on stage.
Part	melody etc. Assigned to a particular voice or instrument.
Part	printed or written copy of an actor's or musician's part.
Part	side in an agreement or dispute.
Part	(in
Part	) Region or district
Part	0 (in
Part	) Abilities
Part	divide or separate into parts
Part	a leave one another's company
Part	say goodbye to.
Part	give up; hand over.
Part	separate
Part	to make a parting.
Part	In part; partly
Part	an essential part. Part company see *company. Play a part
Part	be significant or contributory.
Part	act deceitfully.
Part	perform a theatrical role. Take in good part not be offended by. Take part
Part	assist or have a share
Part	. Take the part of support; side with.
Partake	(-king; past partook;
Partake	Partaken)
Partake	take a share or part.
Partake	eat or drink some or
Partake	All
Parterre	level space in a formal garden occupied by flower-beds.
Parterre	us pit of a theatre.
Part-exchange	Transaction in which goods are given as part of the payment.
Part-exchange	Give
Part-exchange	thus.
Parthenogenesis	Reproduction without fertilization, esp. In invertebrates and lower plants.
Parthian shot	Remark or glance etc. On leaving.
Partial	not complete; forming only part.
Partial	biased.
Partial	having a liking for.
Partial	Partially
Partial	Partialness
Partial eclipse	Eclipse in which only part of the luminary is covered.
Participant	Participator.
Participate	take part or a share
Participate	Participator
Participate	Participatory
Participle	Word formed from a verb
Participle	and used in compound verb-forms
Participle	or as an adjective
Particle	minute portion of matter.
Particle	smallest possible amount
Particle	a minor part of speech, esp.
Particle	short undeclinable one.
Particle	common
Particle	such as in-, -ness.
Particolored	of more than one colour.
Particoloured	of more than one colour.
Particular	relating to or considered as one thing or person as distinct from others; individual
Particular	more than is usual; special
Particularity	quality of being individual or particular.
Particularity	fullness or minuteness of detail.
Particularize	name specially or one by one.
Particularize	specify
Particularly	especially, very.
Particularly	specifically
Particularly	in a particular or fastidious manner.
Parting	leave-taking or departure (often
Parting	: parting words).
Parting	dividing line of combed hair.
Parting	division; separating.
Partisan	strong, esp. Unreasoning, supporter of a party, cause, etc.
Partisan	guerrilla.
Partisan	of partisans.
Partisan	biased.
Partition	structure dividing a space, esp.
Partition	light interior wall.
Partition	division into parts, esp. Polit. Of a country.
Partition	divide into parts.
Partition	separate
Partition	With a partition.
Partitive	Denoting part of a collective group or quantity.
Partitive	Partitive word
Partitive	or form.
Partly	with respect to a part or parts.
Partly	to some extent.
Partner	person who shares or takes part with another or others, esp. In a business.
Partner	companion in dancing.
Partner	player
Partner	on the same side in a game.
Partner	either member of a married or unmarried couple.
Partner	Be the partner of.
Partnership	state of being a partner or partners.
Partnership	joint business.
Partnership	pair or group of partners.
Part of speech	Grammatical class of words
Partridge	game-bird, esp. European or asian.
Part-song	Song with three or more voice-parts, often unaccompanied.
Part-time	occupying less than the normal working week etc.
Part-time	as a part-time activity
Part-timer	Person employed in part-time work.
Parturient	Formal about to give birth.
Parturition	Formal giving birth.
Party	social gathering, usu. Of invited guests.
Party	people working or travelling together
Party	political group putting forward candidates in elections and usu. Organized on a national basis.
Party	each side in an agreement or dispute.
Party	law accessory
Party	Person.
Party	attend a party; celebrate.
Party line	policy adopted by a political party etc.
Party line	shared telephone line.
Party-wall	Wall common to adjoining buildings or rooms.
Parvenu	(often
Parvenu	) Newly rich social climber; upstart.
Pas	step, esp. In ballet.
Pascal	si unit of pressure.
Pascal	computing programming language used esp. In education.
Paschal	of the jewish passover.
Paschal	of easter.
Pas de deux	Dance for two.
Pash	brief infatuation.
Pasha	Hist. Title
Pasha	of a turkish military commander, governor, etc.
Pashto	Language of afghanistan, parts of pakistan, etc.
Pashto	Of or in this language.
Paso doble	Latin-american ballroom dance.
Pasque-flower	kind of anemone with bell-shaped purple flowers.
Pass1	Move onward, esp. Past something.
Pass1	a go past; leave on one side or behind.
Pass1	overtake, esp. In a vehicle.
Pass1	be transferred from one person or place to another
Pass1	surpass; exceed
Pass1	get through.
Pass1	a go unremarked or uncensured
Pass1	be accepted or known as.
Pass1	move; cause to go
Pass1	a be successful or adequate, esp. In an examination.
Pass1	be successful in
Pass1	judge
Pass1	to be satisfactory.
Pass1	be approved by
Pass1	cause or allow
Pass1	to proceed.
Pass1	be approved.
Pass1	0 occur, elapse; happen
Pass1	circulate; be current.
Pass1	2 spend
Pass1	send
Pass1	to a team-mate.
Pass1	4 a forgo one's turn or chance.
Pass1	leave a quiz question etc. Unanswered.
Pass1	change
Pass1	6 come to an end.
Pass1	7 discharge
Pass1	from the body.
Pass1	utter
Pass1	upon; adjudicate.
Pass1	act of passing.
Pass1	a success in an examination.
Pass1	university degree without honours.
Pass1	a permit, esp. For admission, leave, etc.
Pass1	ticket or permit giving free entry, access, travel, etc.
Pass1	transference of the ball to a team-mate.
Pass1	desperate position
Pass1	Make sexual advances to. Pass away
Pass1	euphem. Die.
Pass1	cease to exist. Pass by
Pass1	go past.
Pass1	disregard, omit. Pass muster see *muster. Pass off
Pass1	Disappear gradually.
Pass1	be carried through
Pass1	misrepresent or disguise
Pass1	as something else.
Pass1	evade or lightly dismiss
Pass1	. Pass on
Pass1	proceed.
Pass1	euphem. Die.
Pass1	transmit to the next person in a series. Pass out
Pass1	become unconscious.
Pass1	complete military training. Pass over
Pass1	omit, ignore, or disregard.
Pass1	ignore the claims of
Pass1	to promotion etc.
Pass1	euphem. Die. Pass round
Pass1	distribute.
Pass1	give to one person after another.  Pass the time of day see *time. Pass up
Pass1	Refuse or neglect
Pass1	. Pass water urinate.
Pass2	Narrow way through mountains.
Passable	barely satisfactory; adequate.
Passable	That can be traversed.
Passage	process or means of passing; transit.
Passage	liberty or right to pass through.
Passage	journey by sea or air.
Passage	transition from one state to another.
Passage	short extract from a book, piece of music, etc.
Passage	passing of a bill etc. Into law.
Passage	duct etc. In the body.
Passageway	Narrow path or way; corridor.
Passbook	Book issued to an account-holder recording deposits and withdrawals.
Passé	old-fashioned.
Passé	past its prime.
Passenger	(often
Passenger	) Traveller in or on a vehicle
Passenger	Idle member of a team, crew, etc.
Passer-by	person who goes past, esp. By chance.
Passerine	Perching bird such as the sparrow and most land birds.
Passerine	Of passerines.
Passim	Throughout; at several points in a book, article, etc.
Passion	strong emotion.
Passion	outburst of anger
Passion	intense sexual love.
Passion	a strong enthusiasm
Passion	object arousing this.
Passion	a suffering of christ during his last days.
Passion	gospel account of this.
Passion	musical setting of this.
Passionate	Dominated, displaying, or caused by strong emotion.
Passion-flower	Climbing plant with a flower supposedly suggestive of the instruments of the crucifixion.
Passion-fruit	Edible fruit of some species of passion-flower.
Passion-play	Miracle play representing the passion.
Passion sunday	Fifth sunday in lent.
Passive	acted upon, not acting.
Passive	showing no interest or initiative; submissive.
Passive	chem. Not active; inert.
Passive	Indicating that the subject undergoes the action of the verb
Passive	Passivity
Passive resistance	Non-violent refusal to cooperate.
Passive smoking	Involuntary inhalation of others' cigarette smoke.
Passkey	private key to a gate etc.
Passkey	master-key.
Passmark	Minimum mark needed to pass an examination.
Passover	Jewish spring festival commemorating the exodus from egypt.
Passport	official document certifying the holder's identity and citizenship, and authorizing travel abroad.
Passport	thing that ensures admission or attainment
Password	Prearranged selected word or phrase securing recognition, admission, etc.
Past	gone by in time
Past	recently gone by
Past	of a former time
Past	Expressing a past action or state.
Past	a past time.
Past	past events
Past	person's past life, esp. If discreditable
Past	past tense or form.
Past	beyond in time or place
Past	beyond the range, duration, or compass of
Past	So as to pass by
Past	Old and useless.
Pasta	Dried flour paste in various shapes
Paste	any moist fairly stiff mixture, esp. Of powder and liquid.
Paste	dough of flour with fat, water, etc.
Paste	liquid adhesive used for sticking paper etc.
Paste	meat or fish spread
Paste	hard glasslike composition used for imitation gems.
Paste	fasten or coat with paste.
Paste	a beat or thrash.
Paste	bomb or bombard heavily.
Paste	(esp. In sense
Pasteboard	stiff material made by pasting together sheets of paper.
Pasteboard	Flimsy, unsubstantial.
Pastel	(often
Pastel	) Light shade of a colour
Pastel	crayon of powdered pigments bound with a gum solution.
Pastel	drawing in pastel.
Pastern	Part of a horse's foot between fetlock and hoof.
Paste-up	Document prepared for copying etc. By pasting sections on to a backing.
Pasteurize	partially sterilize
Pasteurize	By heating.
Pastiche	picture or musical composition from or imitating various sources.
Pastiche	literary or other work composed in the style of a well-known author etc.
Pastille	Small sweet or lozenge.
Pastime	Recreation, hobby.
Past master	Expert.
Pastor	Minister, esp. Of a nonconformist church.
Pastoral	of shepherds, flocks, or herds.
Pastoral	used for pasture.
Pastoral	Portraying
Pastoral	country life.
Pastoral	of a pastor.
Pastoral	pastoral poem, play, picture, etc.
Pastoral	letter from a pastor (esp.
Pastoral	bishop) to the clergy or people.
Pastorale	musical work with a rustic theme or atmosphere.
Pastorate	office or tenure of a pastor.
Pastorate	body of pastors.
Pastrami	Seasoned smoked beef.
Pastry	dough of flour, fat, and water used as a base and covering for pies etc.
Pastry	cake etc. Made wholly or partly of this.
Pastry-cook	Cook who specializes in pastry.
Pasturage	land for pasture.
Pasturage	pasturing of cattle etc.
Pasture	grassland suitable for grazing.
Pasture	herbage for animals.
Pasture	put
Pasture	to pasture.
Pasture	graze.
Pasty1	pastry shaped around esp.
Pasty1	meat and vegetable filling.
Pasty2	unhealthily pale
Pat.	Patent.
Pat1	strike gently with a flat palm, esp. In affection, sympathy, etc.
Pat1	flatten or mould by patting.
Pat1	light stroke or tap, esp. With the hand in affection etc.
Pat1	sound made by this.
Pat1	small mass
Pat1	formed by patting.
Pat2	prepared or known thoroughly.
Pat2	apposite or opportune, esp. Glibly so
Pat2	in a pat manner.
Pat2	appositely.
Patch	material used to mend a hole or as reinforcement.
Patch	shield protecting an injured eye.
Patch	large or irregular distinguishable area.
Patch	Period of a specified, esp. Unpleasant, kind
Patch	piece of ground.
Patch	Area assigned to, or patrolled by, esp.
Patch	police officer.
Patch	plants growing in one place
Patch	scrap, remnant.
Patch	repair with a patch or patches.
Patch	serve as a patch to.
Patch	put together, esp. Hastily.
Patch	settle
Patch	, esp. Hastily or temporarily.
Patch	Greatly inferior to.
Patchboard	Board with electrical sockets linked by movable leads to enable changeable permutations of connection.
Patchouli	strongly scented e. Indian plant.
Patchouli	perfume from this.
Patch pocket	Piece of cloth sewn on a garment as a pocket.
Patch test	Test for allergy by applying patches of allergenic substances to the skin.
Patchwork	(often.
Patchwork	) Stitching together of small pieces of variegated cloth to form a pattern
Patchwork	thing composed of fragments etc.
Patchy	uneven in quality.
Patchy	having or existing in patches.
Patchy	Patchiness
Pate	Head.
Pâté	Paste of mashed and spiced meat or fish etc.
Pâté de foie gras	Fatted goose liver pâté.
Patella	kneecap.
Paten	Shallow dish for bread at the eucharist.
Patent	official document conferring a right or title, esp. The sole right to make, use, or sell a specified invention.
Patent	invention or process so protected.
Patent	obvious, plain.
Patent	conferred or protected by patent.
Patent	a proprietary.
Patent	to which one has a proprietary claim.
Patent	Obtain a patent for
Patent	(in sense
Patentee	person who takes out or holds a patent.
Patentee	person entitled temporarily to the benefit of a patent.
Patent leather	Glossy leather.
Patent medicine	Proprietary medicine available without prescription.
Patent office	Office issuing patents.
Pater	Father.
Paterfamilias	Male head of a family or household.
Paternal	of, like, or appropriate to a father; fatherly.
Paternal	related through the father.
Paternal	Limiting freedom and responsibility by well-meant regulations.
Paternalism	Policy of governing or behaving in a paternal way.
Paternity	fatherhood.
Paternity	one's paternal origin.
Paternity suit	Lawsuit held to determine if a certain man is the father of a certain child.
Paternoster	Lord's prayer, esp. In latin.
Path	way or track made for or by walking.
Path	line along which a person or thing moves
Path	course of action.
Pathetic	arousing pity, sadness, or contempt.
Pathetic	Miserably inadequate.
Pathetic fallacy	Attribution of human emotions to inanimate things, esp. In literature.
Pathfinder	Explorer; pioneer.
Pathogen	Agent causing disease.
Pathological	of pathology.
Pathological	of or caused by physical or mental disorder
Pathology	The study or symptoms of disease.
Pathos	Evocation of pity or sadness in speech, writing, etc.
Pathway	Path or its course.
Patience	ability to endure delay, hardship, provocation, etc.
Patience	perseverance or forbearance.
Patience	solo card-game.
Patient	Having or showing patience.
Patient	Person receiving or registered to receive medical treatment.
Patina	film, usu. Green, formed on old bronze.
Patina	similar film on other surfaces.
Patina	gloss produced by age on woodwork.
Patio	paved usu. Roofless area adjoining a house.
Patio	inner roofless court in a spanish or spanish-american house.
Patisserie	shop where pastries are made and sold.
Patisserie	pastries collectively.
Patna rice	Rice with long firm grains.
Patois	regional dialect, differing from the literary language.
Patriarch	male head of a family or tribe.
Patriarch	(often in
Patriarch	)  Any of those regarded as fathers of the human race, esp. The sons of jacob, or abraham, isaac, and jacob, and their forefathers.
Patriarch	eccl.
Patriarch	chief bishop in the orthodox church.
Patriarch	rc ch. Bishop ranking immediately below the pope.
Patriarch	venerable old man.
Patriarchate	office, see, or residence of a church patriarch.
Patriarchate	rank of a tribal patriarch.
Patriarchy	male-dominated social system, with descent through the male line.
Patrician	Hist. Member of the nobility in ancient rome.
Patrician	aristocratic.
Patrician	hist. Of the ancient roman nobility.
Patrimony	property inherited from one's father or ancestor.
Patrimony	heritage.
Patriot	Person devoted to and ready to defend his or her country.
Patriot	Patriotically
Patriot	Patriotism
Patristic	Of the early christian writers or their work.
Patrol	act of walking or travelling around an area, esp. Regularly, for security or supervision.
Patrol	guards, police, etc. Sent out on patrol.
Patrol	a troops sent out to reconnoitre.
Patrol	such reconnaissance.
Patrol	unit of six to eight scouts or guides.
Patrol	carry out a patrol of.
Patrol	act as a patrol.
Patrol car	Police car used for patrols.
Patron	person financially supporting a person, cause, etc.
Patron	customer of a shop etc.
Patronage	patron's or customer's support.
Patronage	right or control of appointments to office, privileges, etc.
Patronage	condescending manner.
Patronize	treat condescendingly.
Patronize	be a patron or customer of.
Patronize	Patronizingly
Patron saint	Saint regarded as protecting a person, place, activity, etc.
Patronymic	Name derived from the name of a father or ancestor
Patten	Hist. Shoe or clog with a raised sole or set on an iron ring, for walking in mud etc.
Patter1	Sound of quick light steps or taps.
Patter1	Make this sound
Patter2	rapid speech used by a comedian.
Patter2	salesman's persuasive talk.
Patter2	Talk or say glibly or mechanically.
Pattern	repeated decorative design on wallpaper, cloth, etc.
Pattern	regular or logical form, order, etc.
Pattern	model, design, or instructions for making something
Pattern	excellent example, model
Pattern	wooden or metal shape from which a mould is made for a casting.
Pattern	random combination of shapes or colours.
Pattern	model
Pattern	on a design etc.
Pattern	decorate with a pattern.
Patty	little pie or pasty.
Paucity	Smallness of number or quantity.
Paunch	Belly, stomach, esp. When protruding.
Pauper	Poor person.
Pause	temporary stop or silence.
Pause	Mark over a note or rest that is to be lengthened.
Pause	make a pause; wait.
Pavane	hist.
Pavane	a kind of stately dance.
Pavane	music for this.
Pave	cover
Pave	With a durable surface.
Pave	make preparations.
Pavement	paved path for pedestrians beside a road.
Pavement	covering of a street, floor, etc., made of usu. Rectangular stones.
Pavement artist	Artist who draws in chalk on paving-stones for tips.
Pavilion	building at a sports ground for changing, refreshments, etc.
Pavilion	summerhouse or decorative shelter in a park.
Pavilion	large tent at a show, fair, etc.
Pavilion	building or stand for entertainments, at an exhibition, etc.
Paving-stone	Large flat stone for paving.
Pavlova	Meringue cake with cream and fruit.
Pavlovian	reacting predictably to a stimulus.
Pavlovian	of such a stimulus or response.
Paw	foot of an animal having claws or nails.
Paw	Person's hand.
Paw	strike or scrape with a paw or foot.
Paw	Fondle awkwardly or indecently.
Pawl	lever with a catch for the teeth of a wheel or bar.
Pawl	Short bar used to lock a capstan, windlass, etc.
Pawn1	chess piece of the smallest size and value.
Pawn1	person used by others for their own purposes.
Pawn2	deposit
Pawn2	with a pawnbroker as security for money lent.
Pawn2	pledge or wager
Pawn2	Object left in pawn.
Pawnbroker	Person who lends money at interest on the security of personal property.
Pawnshop	Pawnbroker's shop.
Pawpaw	elongated melon-shaped fruit with orange flesh.
Pawpaw	tropical tree bearing this.
Pax	kiss of peace.
Pax	(as
Pax	call for a truce
Pay	(past and
Pay	Paid)
Pay	Give
Pay	What is due for services done, goods received, debts incurred, etc.
Pay	a give
Pay	for work done, a debt, etc.
Pay	hand over the amount of
Pay	To
Pay	a give, bestow, or express
Pay	make
Pay	Be profitable or advantageous to
Pay	reward or punish
Pay	(usu. As paid
Pay	) Recompense
Pay	let out
Pay	by slackening it.
Pay	Wages.
Pay	repay.
Pay	punish or have revenge on. Pay for
Pay	hand over the money for.
Pay	bear the cost of.
Pay	suffer or be punished for
Pay	. Pay in pay
Pay	into a bank etc. Account. Pay its
Pay	way cover costs. Pay one's last respects attend a funeral to show respect. Pay off
Pay	dismiss
Pay	with a final payment.
Pay	Yield good results; succeed.
Pay	pay
Pay	in full. Pay one's respects make a polite visit. Pay through the nose
Pay	Pay much more than a fair price. Pay up pay the full amount
Pay	. Put paid to
Pay	deal effectively with
Pay	terminate
Payable	That must or may be paid; due
Pay-as-you-earn	Deduction of income tax from wages at source.
Pay-bed	Private hospital bed.
Pay-claim	(esp.
Pay-claim	trade union's) demand for a pay increase.
Pay-day	Day on which wages are paid.
Paye	Pay-as-you-earn.
Paying guest	Boarder.
Payload	part of an aircraft's load yielding revenue.
Payload	explosive warhead carried by a rocket etc.
Payload	goods carried by a road vehicle.
Paymaster	official who pays troops, workmen, etc.
Paymaster	usu. Derog. Person, organization, etc., to whom another owes loyalty because of payment given.
Paymaster	treasury minister responsible for payments.
Payment	paying.
Payment	amount paid.
Payment	reward, recompense.
Pay-off	payment.
Pay-off	climax.
Pay-off	final reckoning.
Payola	Esp. Us
Payola	bribe offered for unofficial promotion of a product etc. In the media.
Pay-packet	Envelope etc. Containing an employee's wages.
Pay phone	Coin-box telephone.
Payroll	List of employees receiving regular pay.
Pb	Lead.
Pc	police constable.
Pc	privy councillor.
Pc	personal computer.
P.c.	per cent.
P.c.	postcard.
Pcb	polychlorinated biphenyl, any of several toxic aromatic compounds formed as waste in industrial processes.
Pcb	computing printed circuit board.
Pd	Palladium.
Pd.	Paid.
P.d.q.	Pretty damn quick.
Pe	Physical education.
Pea	a hardy climbing plant with edible seeds growing in pods.
Pea	its seed.
Pea	similar plant
Peace	a quiet; tranquillity.
Peace	mental calm; serenity.
Peace	a (often
Peace	) Freedom from or the cessation of war
Peace	treaty of peace between states etc. At war.
Peace	freedom from civil disorder.
Peace	in a state of friendliness.
Peace	serene.
Peace	euphem. Dead. Hold one's peace keep silent. Keep the peace prevent, or refrain from, strife. Make one's peace
Peace	re-establish friendly relations. Make peace agree to end a war or quarrel.
Peaceable	disposed to peace.
Peaceable	peaceful; tranquil.
Peace dividend	Public money which becomes available when defence spending is reduced.
Peaceful	characterized by peace; tranquil.
Peaceful	not infringing peace
Peaceful	Peacefulness
Peacemaker	Person who brings about peace.
Peace-offering	Propitiatory or conciliatory gift.
Peace-pipe	Tobacco-pipe as a token of peace among
Peace-pipe	American indians.
Peacetime	Period when a country is not at war.
Peach1	a round juicy fruit with downy yellow or pink skin.
Peach1	tree bearing this.
Peach1	yellowish-pink colour.
Peach1	person or thing of superlative quality.
Peach1	attractive young woman.
Peach2	Turn informer; inform.
Peach melba	Dish of peaches, ice-cream, and raspberry sauce.
Peacock	male peafowl, with brilliant plumage and an erectile fanlike tail with eyelike markings.
Peacock blue	(as
Peacock blue	Often hyphenated) lustrous greenish blue of a peacock's neck.
Peacock butterfly	Butterfly with eyelike wing markings.
Peafowl	kind of pheasant; peacock, peahen.
Pea green	(as
Pea green	Often hyphenated) bright green.
Peahen	Female peafowl.
Peak1	projecting usu. Pointed part, esp.: a the pointed top of a mountain.
Peak1	a mountain with a peak.
Peak1	a stiff brim at the front of a cap.
Peak1	a highest point of a curve, graph, etc.
Peak1	time of greatest success, fitness, etc.
Peak1	Maximum, busiest
Peak1	Reach its highest value, quality, etc.
Peak2	waste away.
Peak2	(as peaked
Peak2	) Sharp-featured; pinched.
Peak-load	Maximum of electric power demand etc.
Peaky	sickly; puny.
Peaky	white-faced.
Peal	a loud ringing of a bell or bells, esp.
Peal	series of changes.
Peal	set of bells.
Peal	loud repeated sound, esp. Of thunder, laughter, etc.
Peal	sound in a peal.
Peal	utter sonorously.
Pean	song of praise or triumph.
Peanut	plant of the pea family bearing pods underground that contain seeds used for food and oil.
Peanut	seed of this.
Peanut	(in
Peanut	Paltry thing or amount, esp. Of money.
Peanut butter	Paste of ground roasted peanuts.
Pear	yellowish or greenish fleshy fruit, tapering towards the stalk.
Pear	tree bearing this.
Pearl	a (often
Pearl	) Rounded usu. White or bluish-grey lustrous solid formed within the shell of certain oysters, highly prized as a gem.
Pearl	imitation of this.
Pearl	) Necklace of pearls.
Pearl barley	Barley ground to small rounded grains.
Pearl bulb	Translucent electric light bulb.
Pearl button	Mother-of-pearl button, or an imitation of it.
Pearl-diver	Person who dives for pearl-oysters.
Pearly	like, containing, or adorned with pearls; lustrous.
Pearly	pearly king or queen.
Pearly	(in
Pearly	) Pearly king's or queen's clothes.
Pearly gates	Gates of heaven.
Pearly king	london costermonger
Pearly king	wearing clothes covered with pearl buttons.
Peasant	small farmer, agricultural worker.
Peasant	derog. Lout; boor.
Pease	peas.
Pease-pudding	Boiled split peas
Peashooter	Small tube for blowing dried peas through as a toy.
Pea-souper	Thick yellowish fog.
Peat	partly carbonized vegetable matter used for fuel, in horticulture, etc.
Peat	cut piece of this.
Peatbog	Bog composed of peat.
Pebble	Small stone worn smooth esp. By the action of water.
Pebble-dash	Mortar with stone chippings in it as a coating for external walls.
Pecan	pinkish-brown smooth nut with an edible kernel.
Pecan	type of hickory producing this.
Peccadillo	trifling offence; venial sin.
Peck1	strike or bite with a beak.
Peck1	kiss hastily or perfunctorily.
Peck1	a make
Peck1	by pecking.
Peck1	remove or pluck out by pecking.
Peck1	Eat listlessly; nibble at.
Peck1	stroke, mark, or bite made by a beak.
Peck1	hasty or perfunctory kiss.
Peck1	eat
Peck1	listlessly; nibble.
Peck1	carp at; nag.
Peck1	strike repeatedly with a beak.
Peck2	Measure of capacity for dry goods, equal to
Peck2	gallons or
Peck2	quarts.
Pecker	penis.
Pecker	Remain cheerful.
Pecking order	Social hierarchy, orig. As observed among hens.
Peckish	Hungry.
Pectin	Soluble gelatinous carbohydrate found in ripe fruits etc. And used as a setting agent in jams and jellies.
Pectoral	Of or worn on the breast or chest
Pectoral	Pectoral muscle or fin.
Peculate	embezzle
Peculate	Peculator
Peculiar	strange; odd; unusual.
Peculiar	belonging exclusively
Peculiar	belonging to the individual
Peculiar	particular; special
Peculiarity	idiosyncrasy; oddity.
Peculiarity	characteristic.
Peculiarity	being peculiar.
Peculiarly	more than usually, especially
Peculiarly	oddly.
Pecuniary	of or concerning money.
Pecuniary	entailing a money penalty.
Pedagogue	or derog. Schoolmaster; teacher.
Pedagogue	Pedagogical
Pedagogy	Science of teaching.
Pedal	Lever or key operated by foot, esp. In a vehicle, on a bicycle, or on some musical instruments
Pedal	operate the pedals of a bicycle, organ, etc.
Pedal	propel
Pedal	With the pedals.
Pedal	Of the foot or feet.
Pedalo	pedal-operated pleasure-boat.
Pedant	Derog. Person who insists on adherence to formal rules or literal meaning.
Pedant	Pedantically
Pedant	Pedantry
Peddle	a sell
Peddle	as a pedlar.
Peddle	advocate or promote.
Peddle	sell
Peddle	illegally.
Peddle	engage in selling, esp. As a pedlar.
Peddler	person who sells drugs illegally.
Peddler	us var. Of *pedlar.
Pederast	man who engages in pederasty.
Pederasty	anal intercourse between a man and a boy.
Pedestal	base supporting a column or pillar.
Pedestal	stone etc. Base of a statue etc.
Pedestrian	(often
Pedestrian	) Person who is walking, esp. In a town.
Pedestrian	Prosaic; dull; uninspired.
Pedestrian crossing	Part of a road where crossing pedestrians have right of way.
Pediatrics	pl.
Pediatrics	branch of medicine dealing with children and their diseases.
Pediatrics	Paediatrician
Pedicure	care or treatment of the feet, esp. The toenails.
Pedicure	person practising this for a living.
Pedigree	(often
Pedigree	) Recorded line of descent (esp.
Pedigree	distinguished one) of a person or pure-bred animal.
Pedigree	genealogical table.
Pedigree	‘life history’ of a person, thing, idea, etc.
Pediment	Triangular part crowning the front of a building, esp. Over a portico.
Pedlar	travelling seller of small items.
Pedlar	retailer
Pedometer	Instrument for estimating distance walked by recording the number of steps taken.
Pedophile	person who displays paedophilia.
Pedophilia	sexual attraction felt towards children.
Peduncle	Stalk of a flower, fruit, or cluster, esp.
Peduncle	main stalk bearing a solitary flower or subordinate stalks.
Pee	urinate.
Pee	act of urinating.
Pee	urine.
Peek	peep slyly, glance.
Peek	Quick or sly look.
Peel	a strip the skin, rind, wrapping, etc. From.
Peel	strip
Peel	a become bare of skin, paint, etc.
Peel	Flake off.
Peel	strip ready for exercise etc.
Peel	Outer covering of a fruit, vegetable, etc.; rind.
Peeling	(usu. In
Peeling	) Stripped-off piece of peel.
Peen	Wedge-shaped or thin or curved end of a hammer-head.
Peep1	look through a narrow opening; look furtively.
Peep1	come slowly into view; emerge.
Peep1	furtive or peering glance.
Peep1	first appearance
Peep2	Make a shrill feeble sound as of young birds, mice, etc.
Peep2	such a sound.
Peep2	slight sound, utterance, or complaint
Peep-hole	Small hole for peeping through.
Peeping tom	Furtive voyeur.
Peep-show	Small exhibition of pictures etc. Viewed through a lens or hole set into a box etc.
Peer1	Look closely or with difficulty.
Peer2	member of one of the degrees of the nobility in britain or ireland, i.e.
Peer2	duke, marquis, earl, viscount, or baron.
Peer2	noble of any country.
Peer2	person who is equal in ability, standing, rank, or value.
Peerage	peers as a class; the nobility.
Peerage	rank of peer or peeress.
Peer group	Group of people of the same age, status, etc.
Peerless	Unequalled, superb.
Peer of the realm	Peer entitled to sit in the house of lords.
Peeve	(usu. As peeved
Peeve	) Irritate, annoy.
Peeve	Cause or state of irritation.
Peevish	Irritable.
Peewit	lapwing.
Peg	pin or bolt of wood, metal, etc., for holding things together, hanging garments on, holding up a tent, etc.
Peg	each of the pins used to tighten or loosen the strings of a violin etc.
Peg	pin for marking position, e.g. On a cribbage-board.
Peg	occasion or pretext
Peg	drink, esp. Of spirits.
Peg	Fix
Peg	with a peg.
Peg	stabilize
Peg	mark
Peg	with pegs on a cribbage-board.
Peg	die.
Peg	mark the boundaries of. Square peg in a round hole misfit. Take a person down a peg or two humble a person.
Pegboard	Board with small holes for pegs, used for displays, games, etc.
Peg-leg	artificial leg.
Peg-leg	person with this.
Pejorative	Derogatory.
Pejorative	Derogatory word.
Peke	Pekingese.
Pekingese	lap-dog of a short-legged breed with long hair and a snub nose.
Pelargonium	Plant with red, pink, or white flowers and, often, fragrant leaves; geranium.
Pelf	Derog. Or joc. Money; wealth.
Pelican	Large water-bird with a large bill and a pouch in its throat for storing fish.
Pelican crossing	Pedestrian crossing with traffic-lights operated by pedestrians.
Pelisse	Hist.
Pelisse	woman's long cloak with armholes or sleeves.
Pelisse	fur-lined cloak as part of a hussar's uniform.
Pellagra	Disease with cracking of the skin and often ending in insanity.
Pellet	small compressed ball of paper, bread, etc.
Pellet	pill.
Pellet	piece of small shot.
Pellicle	Thin skin, membrane, or film.
Pell-mell	headlong, recklessly.
Pell-mell	in disorder or confusion.
Pellucid	transparent.
Pellucid	Clear.
Pelmet	Narrow border of cloth, wood, etc. Fitted esp. Above a window to conceal the curtain rail.
Pelt1	strike repeatedly with thrown objects.
Pelt1	Fall quickly and torrentially.
Pelt1	run fast.
Pelt1	Pelting.
Pelt2	Undressed skin, usu. Of a fur-bearing mammal.
Pelvis	Basin-shaped cavity in most vertebrates, formed from the hip-bone with the sacrum and other vertebrae.
Pen1	instrument for writing etc. With ink.
Pen1	occupation of writing.
Pen1	write.
Pen2	Small enclosure for cows, sheep, poultry, etc.
Pen2	enclose or shut up, esp. In a pen.
Pen3	Female swan.
Penal	of or concerning punishment or its infliction.
Penal	punishable, esp. By law.
Penalize	subject
Penalize	to a penalty or disadvantage.
Penalize	make or declare
Penalize	penal.
Penalty	punishment for breaking a law, rule, or contract.
Penalty	disadvantage, loss, etc., esp. As a result of one's own actions.
Penalty	sport disadvantage imposed for a breach of the rules etc.
Penalty area	Football ground in front of the goal in which a foul by defenders involves the award of a penalty kick.
Penalty kick	Football free kick at the goal resulting from a foul in the penalty area.
Penance	act of self-punishment as reparation for guilt.
Penance	sacrament including confession of and absolution for sins.
Penance	penalty imposed, esp. By a priest, for a sin.
Pence	Of *penny.
Penchant	inclination or liking.
Pencil	instrument for writing or drawing, usu.
Pencil	thin rod of graphite etc. Enclosed in a wooden cylinder or metal case.
Pencil	Resembling a pencil in shape
Pencil	write, draw, or mark with a pencil.
Pencil	write, note, or arrange provisionally.
Pendant	Hanging jewel etc., esp. One attached to a necklace, bracelet, etc.
Pendent	Formal
Pendent	a hanging.
Pendent	overhanging.
Pendent	undecided, pending.
Pending	awaiting decision or settlement, undecided.
Pending	about to come into existence
Pending	during
Pending	until
Pendulous	Hanging down; drooping and swinging.
Pendulum	weight suspended so as to swing freely, esp.
Pendulum	rod with a weighted end regulating a clock.
Penetrate	a find access into or through.
Penetrate	imbue with; permeate.
Penetrate	see into, find out, or discern.
Penetrate	see through
Penetrate	be absorbed by the mind.
Penetrate	(as penetrating
Penetrate	having or suggesting sensitivity or insight.
Penetrate	Easily heard through or above other sounds; piercing.
Penetrate	Penetrability
Penetrate	Penetration
Penetrate	Penetrative
Pen-friend	Friend communicated with by letter only.
Penguin	Flightless black and white sea bird of the southern hemisphere, with wings developed into flippers for swimming underwater.
Penicillin	Antibiotic, produced naturally by mould or synthetically.
Peninsula	Piece of land almost surrounded by water or projecting far into a sea etc.
Penis	Male organ of copulation and
Penis	urination.
Penitent	Repentant.
Penitent	repentant sinner.
Penitent	person doing penance under the direction of a confessor.
Penitent	Penitently
Penitential	Of penitence or penance.
Penitentiary	us federal or state prison.
Penitentiary	of penance.
Penitentiary	of reformatory treatment.
Penknife	Small folding knife.
Pen-name	Literary pseudonym.
Pennant	tapering flag, esp. That flown at the masthead of a vessel in commission.
Penniless	Having no money; destitute.
Pennon	long narrow flag, triangular or swallow-tailed.
Pennon	long pointed streamer on a ship.
Penny	british coin and monetary unit equal to one-hundredth of a pound.
Penny	hist. British bronze coin and monetary unit equal to one-two-hundred-and-fortieth of a pound.
Penny	One understands at last. Penny wise and pound foolish mean in small expenditures but wasteful of large amounts.
Penny	pretty penny a large sum of money. Two a penny easily obtained and so almost worthless.
Penny black	First adhesive postage stamp
Penny farthing	Early type of bicycle with a large front and small rear wheel.
Penny-pinching	Meanness.
Penny-pinching	Mean.
Pennyroyal	Creeping kind of mint.
Penny whistle	Tin pipe with six finger holes.
Pennywort	Wild plant with rounded leaves, growing esp. In marshy places.
Pennyworth	As much as can be bought for a penny.
Penology	The study of the punishment of crime and prison management.
Pen-pushing	Derog. Clerical work.
Pension1	regular payment made by a government to people above a specified age, to widows, or to the disabled.
Pension1	similar payments made by an employer, private pension fund, etc. On the retirement of an employee.
Pension1	Grant a pension to.
Pension1	dismiss with a pension.
Pension1	cease to employ or use.
Pension2	European, esp. French, boarding-house.
Pensionable	entitled to a pension.
Pensionable	Entitling an employee to a pension.
Pensioner	Recipient of a pension, esp. The retirement pension.
Pensive	Deep in thought.
Pent	closely confined; shut in
Penta-	Form five.
Pentacle	Figure used as a symbol, esp. In magic, e.g.
Pentacle	pentagram.
Pentagon	plane figure with five sides and angles.
Pentagon	a pentagonal washington headquarters of the us forces.
Pentagon	leaders of the us forces.
Pentagram	Five-pointed star.
Pentameter	Line of verse with five metrical feet.
Pentateuch	First five books of the old testament.
Pentathlon	Athletic event comprising five different events for each competitor.
Pentatonic	Consisting of five musical notes.
Pentecost	whit sunday.
Pentecost	jewish harvest festival, on the fiftieth day after the second day of passover.
Pentecostal	emphasizing the divine gifts, esp. The power to heal the sick, and often fundamentalist.
Penthouse	flat on the roof or top floor of a tall building.
Penultimate	Last but one.
Penumbra	partly shaded region around the shadow of an opaque body, esp. That around the shadow of the moon or earth in an eclipse.
Penumbra	partial shadow.
Penurious	poor.
Penurious	stingy; grudging.
Penurious	scanty.
Penury	destitution; poverty.
Penury	lack; scarcity.
Peon	Spanish american day-labourer.
Peony	plant with large globular red, pink, or white flowers.
People	pl. Except in sense
People	persons in general or of a specified kind
People	persons composing a community, tribe, race, nation, etc.
People	a the mass of people in a country etc. Not having special rank or position.
People	these as an electorate.
People	parents or other relatives
People	a subjects, armed followers, etc.
People	congregation of a parish priest etc.
People	fill with people, animals, etc.; populate.
People	(esp. As peopled
People	) Inhabit.
Pep	Personal equity plan.
Pep	Vigour; spirit.
Pep	fill with vigour.
Pepper	hot aromatic condiment from the dried berries of certain plants.
Pepper	anything pungent.
Pepper	a capsicum plant, grown as a vegetable.
Pepper	its fruit.
Pepper	sprinkle or treat with or as if with pepper.
Pepper	pelt with missiles.
Pepper-and-salt	With small patches of dark and light colour intermingled.
Peppercorn	dried pepper berry.
Peppercorn	nominal rent.
Pepper-mill	Device for grinding pepper by hand.
Peppermint	a mint plant grown for its strong-flavoured oil.
Peppermint	this oil.
Peppermint	sweet flavoured with peppermint.
Pepperoni	Beef and pork sausage seasoned with pepper.
Pepper-pot	Small container with a perforated lid for sprinkling pepper.
Peppery	of, like, or containing pepper.
Peppery	hot-tempered.
Peppery	pungent.
Pep pill	Pill containing a stimulant drug.
Peppy	Vigorous, energetic, bouncy.
Pepsin	Enzyme contained in the gastric juice.
Pep talk	talk intended to enthuse, encourage, etc.
Peptic	Concerning or promoting digestion.
Peptic ulcer	Ulcer in the stomach or duodenum.
Peptide	Biochem. Compound consisting of two or more amino acids bonded in sequence.
Per	for each
Per	by means of; by; through
Per	in accordance with
Per	As usual.
Per- 	through; all over
Per- 	completely; very
Per- 	to destruction; to the bad
Peradventure	or joc. Perhaps.
Perambulate	walk through, over, or about
Perambulate	walk from place to place.
Perambulator	Formal
Per annum	For each year.
Percale	Closely woven cotton fabric.
Per capita	for each person.
Perceive	apprehend, esp. Through the sight; observe.
Perceive	Apprehend with the mind; understand; see or regard.
Per cent	In every hundred.
Per cent	percentage.
Per cent	one part in every hundred
Percent	In every hundred.
Percent	percentage.
Percent	one part in every hundred
Percentage	rate or proportion per cent.
Percentage	proportion.
Percentile	Statistics
Percentile	each of
Percentile	9 points at which a range of data is divided to make
Percentile	00 groups of equal size.
Percentile	each of these groups.
Perceptible	Capable of being perceived by the senses or intellect.
Perceptible	Perceptibly
Perception	act or faculty of perceiving.
Perception	intuitive recognition of a truth, aesthetic quality, etc.; way of seeing, understanding.
Perceptive	sensitive; discerning.
Perceptive	capable of perceiving.
Perceptive	Perceptiveness
Perceptive	Perceptivity
Perch1	bar, branch, etc. Used by a bird to rest on.
Perch1	high place for a person or thing to rest on.
Perch1	hist. Measure of length, esp. For land, of
Perch1	1/2 yards.
Perch1	settle or rest on or as on a perch etc.
Perch2	edible european spiny-finned freshwater fish.
Perchance	or poet.
Perchance	by chance.
Perchance	maybe.
Percipient	Able to perceive; conscious.
Percolate	Filter or ooze gradually.
Percolate	Permeate gradually.
Percolate	prepare
Percolate	in a percolator.
Percolate	strain
Percolate	Through a fine mesh etc.
Percolator	Machine making coffee by circulating boiling water through ground beans.
Percussion	a (often
Percussion	) Playing of music by striking instruments with sticks etc.
Percussion	such instruments collectively.
Percussion	gentle tapping of the body in medical diagnosis.
Percussion	forcible striking of one esp. Solid body against another.
Percussion	Percussive
Percussion cap	Small amount of explosive powder contained in metal or paper and exploded by striking.
Perdition	Eternal death; damnation.
Peregrine	a kind of falcon much used for hawking.
Peremptory	admitting no denial or refusal.
Peremptory	Imperious; dictatorial.
Peremptory	Peremptoriness
Perennial	lasting through a year or several years.
Perennial	lasting several years.
Perennial	lasting a long time or for ever.
Perennial	Perennial plant.
Perestroika	reform of the economic and political system.
Perfect	complete; not deficient.
Perfect	faultless.
Perfect	very enjoyable, excellent
Perfect	exact, precise
Perfect	entire, unqualified
Perfect	denoting a completed action or event
Perfect	make perfect.
Perfect	complete.
Perfect	The perfect tense.
Perfect	Perfectibility
Perfection	making, becoming, or being perfect.
Perfection	faultlessness.
Perfection	perfect person, thing, or example.
Perfectionism	Uncompromising pursuit of excellence.
Perfectly	completely; quite.
Perfectly	in a perfect way.
Perfidy	Breach of faith; treachery.
Perforate	make a hole or holes through; pierce.
Perforate	make a row of small holes in
Perforate	So that a part may be torn off easily.
Perforce	unavoidably; necessarily.
Perform	Carry into effect; do.
Perform	execute
Perform	act in a play; play music, sing, etc.; execute tricks.
Perform	function.
Performance	a act, process, or manner of performing or functioning.
Performance	execution
Performance	performing of a play, music, etc.; instance of this.
Performance	Fuss; emotional scene.
Performing arts	pl. Drama, music, dance, etc.
Perfume	sweet smell.
Perfume	fluid containing the essence of flowers etc.; scent.
Perfume	impart a sweet scent to.
Perfumer	Maker or seller of perfumes.
Perfunctory	Done merely out of duty; superficial, careless.
Perfunctory	Perfunctoriness
Pergola	Arbour or covered walk formed of growing plants trained over trellis-work.
Perhaps	It may be; possibly.
Peri- 	round, about.
Perianth	Outer part of a flower.
Pericardium	membranous sac enclosing the heart.
Perigee	Point of a planet's or comet's orbit where it is nearest the earth.
Perihelion	point of a planet's or comet's orbit where it is nearest the sun's centre.
Peril	Serious and immediate danger.
Peril	Perilously
Perimeter	a circumference or outline of a closed figure.
Perimeter	length of this.
Perimeter	outer boundary of an enclosed area.
Perineum	region of the body between the anus and the scrotum or vulva.
Period	length or portion of time.
Period	distinct portion of history, a person's life, etc.
Period	time forming part of a geological era.
Period	interval between recurrences of an astronomical or other phenomenon.
Period	time allowed for a lesson in school.
Period	occurrence of menstruation (often
Period	: period pains).
Period	complete sentence, esp. One consisting of several clauses.
Period	esp. Us a
Period	Used at the end of a statement to indicate finality
Period	Characteristic of some past period
Periodic	Appearing or occurring at intervals.
Periodical	Newspaper, magazine, etc. Issued at regular intervals.
Periodical	Periodic.
Periodic table	Arrangement of elements in order of increasing atomic number and in which elements of similar chemical properties appear at regular intervals.
Periodontics	pl.
Periodontics	Branch of dentistry concerned with the structures surrounding and supporting the teeth.
Peripatetic	working in more than one school or college etc.
Peripatetic	going from place to place; itinerant.
Peripatetic	Peripatetic person, esp.
Peripatetic	teacher.
Peripheral	of minor importance; marginal.
Peripheral	of the periphery.
Peripheral	Any input, output, or storage device that can be controlled by a computer's central processing unit, e.g.
Peripheral	floppy disk or printer.
Peripheral nervous system	Nervous system outside the brain and spinal cord.
Periphery	boundary of an area or surface.
Periphery	outer or surrounding region.
Periphrasis	roundabout way of speaking; circumlocution.
Periphrasis	roundabout phrase.
Periscope	Apparatus with a tube and mirrors or prisms, by which an observer in a trench, submerged submarine, or at the back of a crowd etc., can see things otherwise out of sight.
Perish	be destroyed; suffer death or ruin.
Perish	lose its normal qualities; deteriorate, rot.
Perish	cause to rot or deteriorate.
Perish	suffer from cold.
Perishable	Liable to perish; subject to decay.
Perishable	Thing, esp.
Perishable	foodstuff, subject to rapid decay.
Perisher	annoying person.
Perishing	confounded.
Perishing	freezing cold.
Perishing	Confoundedly.
Peristalsis	Involuntary muscular wavelike movement by which the contents of the digestive tract are propelled along it.
Peritoneum	membrane lining the cavity of the abdomen.
Peritonitis	Inflammatory disease of the peritoneum.
Periwig	Esp. Hist. Wig.
Periwinkle1	Evergreen trailing plant with blue, purple, or white flowers.
Perjure	refl.
Perjure	law
Perjure	wilfully tell a lie when on oath.
Perjure	(as perjured
Perjure	) Guilty of or involving perjury.
Perjury	law act of wilfully telling a lie when on oath.
Perk1	recover confidence, courage, life, or zest.
Perk1	restore confidence, courage, or liveliness in.
Perk1	smarten up.
Perk1	raise
Perk1	Briskly.
Perk2	Perquisite.
Perky	lively; cheerful.
Perky	Perkiness
Perlite	glassy type of vermiculite used for insulation etc.
Perm1	Permanent wave.
Perm1	Give a permanent wave to.
Perm2	Permutation.
Perm2	Make a permutation of.
Permafrost	Subsoil which remains frozen all year, as in polar regions.
Permanent	Lasting, or intended to last or function, indefinitely.
Permanent	Permanency
Permanent	Permanently
Permanent wave	Long-lasting artificial wave in the hair.
Permeable	Capable of being permeated.
Permeate	penetrate throughout; pervade; saturate.
Permeate	Diffuse itself.
Permian	Of the last period of the palaeozoic era.
Permian	This period.
Permissible	Allowable.
Permission	Consent; authorization.
Permissive	tolerant or liberal, esp. In sexual matters.
Permissive	giving permission.
Permit	give permission or consent to; authorize.
Permit	a allow; give an opportunity to.
Permit	give an opportunity
Permit	admit.
Permit	a document giving permission to act.
Permit	document etc. Which allows entry.
Permit	formal permission.
Permutation	one of the possible ordered arrangements or groupings of a set of things.
Permutation	combination or selection of a specified number of things from a larger group, esp. Matches in a football pool.
Pernicious	Very harmful or destructive; deadly.
Pernicious anaemia	Defective formation of red blood cells through lack of vitamin b.
Pernickety	Fastidious; over-precise.
Peroration	Concluding part of a speech.
Peroxide	(often
Peroxide	) Solution of hydrogen peroxide used esp. To bleach the hair.
Peroxide	compound of oxygen with another element containing the greatest possible proportion of oxygen.
Peroxide	bleach
Peroxide	with peroxide.
Perpendicular	at right angles
Perpendicular	at right angles to the plane of the horizon.
Perpendicular	upright, vertical.
Perpendicular	Very steep.
Perpendicular	archit. Of the third stage of english gothic
Perpendicular	With vertical tracery in large windows.
Perpendicular	perpendicular line.
Perpendicular	perpendicular line or direction
Perpetrate	commit
Perpetrate	Perpetrator
Perpetual	lasting for ever or indefinitely.
Perpetual	continuous, uninterrupted.
Perpetual	Frequent
Perpetual motion	Motion of a hypothetical machine which once set in motion would run for ever unless subject to an external force or to wear.
Perpetuate	make perpetual.
Perpetuate	preserve from oblivion.
Perpetuate	Perpetuator
Perpetuity	state or quality of being perpetual.
Perpetuity	perpetual annuity.
Perpetuity	perpetual possession or position.
Perplex	puzzle, bewilder, or disconcert.
Perplex	complicate or confuse
Perplex	Perplexing
Perplexity	state of being perplexed.
Perplexity	thing that perplexes.
Per pro.	Through the agency of
Perquisite	extra profit or allowance additional to a main income etc.
Perquisite	customary extra right or privilege.
Perry	drink made from fermented pear juice.
Per se	By or in itself; intrinsically.
Persecute	subject
Persecute	To hostility or ill-treatment, esp. On grounds of political or religious belief.
Persecute	harass, worry.
Persecute	Persecutor
Persevere	continue steadfastly or determinedly; persist.
Persian	native or inhabitant of ancient or modern persia
Persian	; person of persian descent.
Persian	language of ancient persia or modern iran.
Persian	cat of a breed with long silky hair.
Persian	Of or relating to persia or its people or language.
Persian lamb	Silky tightly curled fur of a young karakul, used in clothing.
Persiflage	Light raillery, banter.
Persimmon	tropical evergreen tree.
Persimmon	its edible tomato-like fruit.
Persist	continue firmly or obstinately
Persist	esp. Despite obstacles, remonstrance, etc.
Persist	Continue in existence; survive.
Persist	Persistent
Persist	Persistently
Person	individual human being.
Person	living body of a human being
Person	Any of three classes of personal pronouns, verb-forms, etc.: the person speaking
Person	; the person spoken to
Person	; the person spoken of
Person	(in
Person	) Used to replace -man in offices open to either sex
Person	god as father, son, or holy ghost.
Persona	aspect of the personality as shown to or perceived by others.
Personable	Pleasing in appearance and behaviour.
Personage	Person, esp. Of rank or importance.
Persona grata	person acceptable to certain others.
Personal	one's own; individual; private.
Personal	done or made in person
Personal	directed to or concerning an individual
Personal	referring
Personal	to an individual's private life or concerns
Personal	of the body and clothing
Personal	existing as a person
Personal	Of or denoting one of the three persons
Personal column	Part of a newspaper devoted to private advertisements and messages.
Personal computer	Computer designed for use by a single individual.
Personal equity plan	Scheme for tax-free personal investments through financial institutions.
Personality	a person's distinctive character or qualities
Personality	socially attractive qualities
Personality	famous person
Personality	(in
Personality	) Personal remarks.
Personalize	make personal, esp. By marking with one's name etc.
Personalize	personify.
Personally	in person
Personally	for one's own part
Personally	in a personal manner
Personal organizer	Means of keeping track of personal affairs, esp.
Personal organizer	loose-leaf notebook divided into sections.
Personal pronoun	Pronoun replacing the subject, object, etc., of a clause etc., e.g. I, we, you, them, us.
Personal property	Law all one's property except land and those interests in land that pass to one's heirs.
Personal stereo	Small portable cassette player, often with radio or cd player, used with lightweight headphones.
Persona non grata	unacceptable person.
Personify	represent
Personify	as having human characteristics.
Personify	symbolize
Personify	By a figure in human form.
Personify	(usu. As personified
Personify	) Be a typical example of; embody
Personnel	Staff of an organization, the armed forces, a public service, etc.
Personnel department	Part of an organization concerned with the appointment, training, and welfare of employees.
Perspective	a art of drawing solid objects on a two-dimensional surface so as to give the right impression of relative positions, size, etc.
Perspective	picture so drawn.
Perspective	apparent relation between visible objects as to position, distance, etc.
Perspective	mental view of the relative importance of things.
Perspective	view, esp. Stretching into the distance.
Perspective	Of or in perspective.
Perspective	drawn or viewed according
Perspective	to the rules of perspective.
Perspective	correctly
Perspective	regarded in terms of relative importance.
Perspex	Propr. Tough light transparent thermoplastic.
Perspicacious	Having mental penetration or discernment.
Perspicuous	easily understood; clearly expressed.
Perspicuous	expressing things clearly.
Perspiration	sweat.
Perspiration	sweating.
Perspire	sweat.
Persuade	cause
Persuade	to believe; convince.
Persuade	Induce.
Persuade	Persuasible
Persuasion	persuading.
Persuasion	persuasiveness.
Persuasion	belief or conviction.
Persuasion	religious belief, or the group or sect holding it.
Persuasive	Good at persuading.
Persuasive	Persuasiveness
Pert	saucy, impudent.
Pert	jaunty.
Pert	Pertness
Pertain	a relate or have reference to.
Pertain	belong to as a part, appendage, or accessory.
Pertain	be appropriate to.
Pertinacious	Stubborn; persistent
Pertinent	relevant.
Pertinent	Pertinency
Perturb	disturb mentally; agitate.
Perturb	throw into confusion or disorder.
Peruke	Hist. Wig.
Peruse	read or study carefully.
Peruse	joc. Read or look at desultorily.
Pervade	spread throughout, permeate.
Pervade	be rife among or through.
Pervade	Pervasive
Perverse	deliberately or stubbornly departing from what is reasonable or required.
Perverse	intractable.
Perverse	Perversity
Perversion	perverting or being perverted.
Perversion	preference for an abnormal form of sexual activity.
Pervert	turn
Pervert	aside from its proper use or nature.
Pervert	misapply
Pervert	lead astray from right conduct or
Pervert	beliefs; corrupt.
Pervert	(as perverted
Pervert	) Showing perversion.
Pervert	Perverted person, esp. Sexually.
Pervious	permeable.
Pervious	a affording passage.
Pervious	accessible
Peseta	Chief monetary unit of spain.
Pesky	esp. Us
Pesky	Troublesome; annoying.
Peso	chief monetary unit of several latin american countries and of the philippines.
Pessary	device worn in the vagina to support the uterus or as a contraceptive.
Pessary	vaginal suppository.
Pessimism	tendency to be gloomy or expect the worst.
Pessimism	philos. Belief that this world is as bad as it could be or that all things tend to evil.
Pessimism	Pessimistic
Pessimism	Pessimistically
Pest	troublesome or annoying person or thing.
Pest	destructive animal, esp. One which attacks food sources.
Pester	Trouble or annoy, esp. With frequent or persistent requests.
Pesticide	Substance for destroying pests, esp. Insects.
Pestilence	Fatal epidemic disease, esp. Bubonic plague.
Pestilent	deadly.
Pestilent	harmful or morally destructive.
Pestilent	Troublesome, annoying.
Pestilential	of or relating to pestilence.
Pestilential	pestilent.
Pestle	Club-shaped instrument for pounding substances in a mortar.
Pet1	domestic or tamed animal kept for pleasure or companionship.
Pet1	darling, favourite.
Pet1	kept as a pet
Pet1	of or for pet animals
Pet1	often joc. Favourite or particular
Pet1	expressing fondness or familiarity
Pet1	fondle erotically.
Pet1	treat as a pet; stroke, pat.
Pet2	Fit of ill-humour.
Petal	Each of the parts of the corolla of a flower.
Petard	Hist. Small bomb used to blast down a door etc.
Peter pan	Person who remains youthful or is immature.
Petersham	Thick corded silk ribbon.
Pethidine	Synthetic soluble analgesic used esp. In childbirth.
Petiole	Slender stalk joining a leaf to a stem.
Petit bourgeois	member of the lower middle classes.
Petite	of small and dainty build.
Petit four	very small fancy cake.
Petition	supplication, request.
Petition	formal written request, esp. One signed by many people, appealing to an authority.
Petition	law application to a court for a writ etc.
Petition	make or address a petition to.
Petition	appeal earnestly or humbly.
Petit mal	Mild form of epilepsy.
Petit point	Embroidery on canvas using small stitches.
Petrel	Sea bird, usu. Flying far from land.
Petri dish	Shallow covered dish used for the culture of bacteria etc.
Petrify	paralyse with fear, astonishment, etc.
Petrify	change
Petrify	into a stony substance.
Petrify	become like stone.
Petrochemical	Substance industrially obtained from petroleum or natural gas.
Petrodollar	Notional unit of currency earned by a petroleum-exporting country.
Petrol	refined petroleum used as a fuel in motor vehicles, aircraft, etc.
Petrol	Concerned with the supply of petrol
Petroleum	Hydrocarbon oil found in the upper strata of the earth, refined for use as fuel etc.
Petroleum jelly	Translucent solid mixture of hydrocarbons used as a lubricant, ointment, etc.
Pet shop	Shop selling animals to be kept as pets.
Petticoat	woman's or girl's undergarment hanging from the waist or shoulders.
Petticoat	Often derog. Feminine.
Pettifog	practise legal trickery.
Pettifog	quibble or wrangle about trivial points.
Pettish	Peevish, petulant; easily put out.
Petty	unimportant; trivial.
Petty	small-minded.
Petty	minor, inferior, on a small scale.
Petty	law
Petty	of lesser importance.
Petty	Pettiness
Petty cash	Money from or for small items of receipt or expenditure.
Petty officer	Naval nco.
Petulant	Peevishly impatient or irritable.
Petulant	Petulantly
Petunia	Cultivated plant with white, purple, red, etc., funnel-shaped flowers.
Pew	long bench with a back; enclosed compartment.
Pew	Seat
Pewter	grey alloy of tin, antimony, and copper.
Pewter	utensils made of this.
Peyote	mexican cactus.
Peyote	hallucinogenic drug prepared from this.
Pfennig	One-hundredth of a deutschmark.
Pg	classified as suitable for children subject to parental guidance.
Ph	Measure of the acidity or alkalinity of a solution.
Phagocyte	Leucocyte capable of engulfing and absorbing foreign matter.
Phalanx	gk antiq. Line of battle, esp.
Phalanx	body of infantry drawn up in close order.
Phalanx	set of people etc. Forming a compact mass, or banded for a common purpose.
Phallus	penis.
Phallus	image of this as a symbol of natural generative power.
Phantasm	Illusion, phantom.
Phantasmagoria	Shifting series of real or imaginary figures as seen in a dream.
Phantom	ghost, apparition, spectre.
Phantom	mental illusion.
Phantom	Illusory.
Pharaoh	ruler of ancient egypt.
Pharaoh	title of this ruler.
Pharisee	member of an ancient jewish sect, distinguished by strict observance of the traditional and written law.
Pharisee	self-righteous person; hypocrite.
Pharmaceutical	of or engaged in pharmacy.
Pharmaceutical	of the use or sale of medicinal drugs.
Pharmaceutics	pl.
Pharmacist	Person qualified to prepare and dispense drugs.
Pharmacology	The study of the action of drugs on the body.
Pharmacology	Pharmacologist
Pharmacopoeia	book, esp. One officially published, containing a list of drugs with directions for use.
Pharmacopoeia	stock of drugs.
Pharmacy	preparation and
Pharmacy	dispensing of drugs.
Pharmacy	pharmacist's shop, dispensary.
Pharynx	cavity behind the nose and mouth.
Pharynx	Pharyngitis
Phase	stage in a process of change or development.
Phase	each of the aspects of the moon or a planet, according to the amount of its illumination.
Phase	physics stage in a periodically recurring sequence, esp. The wave-form of alternating electric currents or light.
Phase	carry out
Phase	In phases or stages.
Ph.d.	Doctor of philosophy.
Pheasant	Long-tailed game-bird.
Phenobarbitone	Narcotic and sedative barbiturate drug used esp. To treat epilepsy.
Phenol	hydroxyl derivative of benzene.
Phenol	any hydroxyl derivative of an aromatic hydrocarbon.
Phenomenal	extraordinary, remarkable.
Phenomenal	of the nature of a phenomenon.
Phenomenon	fact or occurrence that appears or is perceived, esp. One of which the cause is in question.
Phenomenon	remarkable person or thing.
Pheromone	Substance secreted and released by an animal for detection and response by another usu. Of the same species.
Phew	Expression of relief, astonishment, weariness, etc.
Phi	Twenty-first letter of the greek alphabet
Phial	Small glass bottle, esp. For liquid medicine.
Philadelphus	Flowering shrub, esp. The mock orange.
Philander	Flirt or have casual affairs with women.
Philanthropy	love of mankind.
Philanthropy	practical benevolence.
Philanthropy	Philanthropist
Philately	The study and collecting of postage stamps.
-phile	Form
-phile	forming nouns and adjectives denoting fondness for what is specified
Philharmonic	Fond of music
Philippic	Bitter verbal attack.
Philistine	member of a people of ancient palestine.
Philistine	person who is hostile or indifferent to culture.
Philistine	hostile or indifferent to culture.
Phillips	(usu.
Phillips	) Propr. Denoting a screw with a cross-shaped slot, or a corresponding screwdriver.
Philo-	Form
Philo-	denoting a liking for what is specified.
Philodendron	tropical evergreen climber cultivated as a house-plant.
Philology	The study of language, esp. In its historical and comparative aspects.
Philology	Philologist
Philosopher	expert in or student of philosophy.
Philosopher	person who lives by a philosophy or is wise.
Philosophers' stone	supreme object of alchemy, a substance supposed to change other metals into gold or silver.
Philosophical	of or according to philosophy.
Philosophical	skilled in or devoted to philosophy.
Philosophical	calm in adversity.
Philosophize	reason like a philosopher.
Philosophize	speculate; theorize.
Philosophy	use of reason and argument in seeking truth and knowledge of reality, esp. Knowledge of the causes and nature of things and of the principles governing existence.
Philosophy	a particular system or set of beliefs reached by this.
Philosophy	personal rule of life.
Philter	love-potion.
Philtre	love-potion.
Phlebitis	Inflammation of a vein.
Phlegm	thick viscous substance secreted by the mucous membranes of the respiratory passages, discharged by coughing.
Phlegm	a calmness.
Phlegm	sluggishness.
Phlegm	hist. Phlegm regarded as one of the four bodily humours.
Phlegmatic	Calm, unexcitable.
Phloem	Tissue conducting sap in plants.
Phlox	plant with scented clusters of esp. White, blue, or red flowers.
-phobe	Form forming nouns denoting a person with a specified fear or aversion
Phobia	Abnormal or morbid fear or aversion.
-phobia	Form forming nouns denoting a specified fear or aversion
-phobia	Form forming adjectives.
Phoenix	Mythical bird, the only one of its kind, that burnt itself on a pyre and rose from the ashes to live again.
Phonecard	Card containing prepaid units for use with a cardphone.
Phone-in	Broadcast programme during which listeners or viewers telephone the studio and participate.
Phoneme	Unit of sound in a specified language that distinguishes one word from another
Phonetic	representing vocal sounds.
Phonetic	Corresponding to pronunciation.
Phonetics	pl.
Phonetics	vocal sounds.
Phonetics	the study of these.
Phoney	sham; counterfeit.
Phoney	fictitious.
Phoney	phoney person or thing.
Phonic	Of sound; of vocal sounds.
Phono-	Form sound.
Phonograph	early form of gramophone.
Phonograph	us gramophone.
Phonology	The study of sounds in language or a particular language; a language's sound system.
Phosphate	Salt or ester of phosphoric acid, esp. Used as a fertilizer.
Phosphor	Synthetic fluorescent or phosphorescent substance.
Phosphorescence	radiation similar to fluorescence but detectable after excitation ceases.
Phosphorescence	emission of light without combustion or perceptible heat.
Phosphorescence	. Phosphorescent
Phosphorus	Chem. Non-metallic element existing in allotropic forms, esp. As a whitish waxy substance burning slowly at ordinary temperatures and so luminous in the dark.
Phosphorus	Phosphorous
Photo-	Form denoting:
Photo-	light.
Photo-	photography.
Photochemistry	The study of the chemical effects of light.
Photocopier	Machine for producing photocopies.
Photocopy	photographic copy of printed or written material.
Photocopy	make a photocopy of.
Photoelectric	Marked by or using emissions of electrons from substances exposed to light.
Photoelectric cell	Device using the effect of light to generate current.
Photo finish	Close finish of a race or contest, where the winner is distinguishable only on a photograph.
Photofit	Reconstructed picture of a suspect made from composite photographs.
Photogenic	looking attractive in photographs.
Photogenic	biol. Producing or emitting light.
Photograph	Picture formed by means of the chemical action of light or other radiation on sensitive film.
Photograph	Take a photograph of
Photograph	Photographic
Photograph	Photographically
Photography	The taking and processing of photographs.
Photogravure	image produced from a photographic negative transferred to a metal plate and etched in.
Photogravure	this process.
Photojournalism	The relating of news by photographs, esp. In magazines etc.
Photolithography	Lithography using plates made photographically.
Photometer	Instrument for measuring light.
Photometer	Photometry
Photon	Quantum of electromagnetic radiation energy, proportional to the frequency of radiation.
Photo opportunity	Organized opportunity for the press etc. To photograph a celebrity.
Photosensitive	Reacting to light.
Photostat	Propr.
Photostat	type of photocopier.
Photostat	copy made by it.
Photostat	make a photostat of.
Photosynthesis	Process in which the energy of sunlight is used by organisms, esp. Green plants, to synthesize carbohydrates from carbon dioxide and water.
Photosynthesis	. Photosynthetic
Phrase	group of words forming a conceptual unit, but not a sentence.
Phrase	idiomatic or short pithy expression.
Phrase	mode of expression.
Phrase	Group of notes forming a distinct unit within a melody.
Phrase	express in words.
Phrase	Divide
Phrase	into phrases, esp. In performance.
Phrase book	Book for travellers, listing useful expressions with their foreign equivalents.
Phraseology	choice or arrangement of words.
Phraseology	mode of expression.
Phrenology	Hist. The study of the shape and size of the cranium as a supposed indication of character and mental faculties.
Phrenology	Phrenologist
Phut	Dull abrupt sound as of impact or an explosion.
Phut	collapse, break down.
Phylactery	small leather box containing hebrew texts, worn by jewish men at prayer.
Phylum	biol. Taxonomic rank below a kingdom, comprising a class or classes and subordinate taxa.
Physic	Esp.
Physic	medicine.
Physic	art of healing.
Physic	medical profession.
Physical	of the body
Physical	of matter; material.
Physical	a of, or according to, the laws of nature.
Physical	of physics.
Physical	us medical examination.
Physical chemistry	Application of physics to the study of chemical behaviour.
Physical geography	Branch of geography dealing with natural features.
Physical jerks	Physical exercises.
Physical science	Science
Physical science	used in the study of inanimate natural objects.
Physician	Doctor, esp.
Physician	specialist in medical diagnosis and treatment.
Physicist	Person skilled in physics.
Physics	pl.
Physics	Branch of science dealing with the properties and interactions of matter and energy.
Physio	physiotherapy.
Physio	physiotherapist.
Physiognomy	a cast or form of a person's features, expression, etc.
Physiognomy	supposed art of judging character from facial characteristics etc.
Physiognomy	external features of a landscape etc.
Physiology	science of the functions of living organisms and their parts.
Physiology	these functions.
Physiology	Physiologist
Physiotherapy	Treatment of disease, injury, deformity, etc., by physical methods including massage, heat treatment, remedial exercise, etc.
Physique	Bodily structure and development.
Pi	sixteenth letter of the greek alphabet
Pi	the symbol of the ratio of the circumference of a circle to its diameter (approx.
Pi	.14).
Pia mater	Delicate innermost membrane enveloping the brain and spinal cord.
Pianissimo	Very soft.
Pianissimo	Very softly.
Pianissimo	very soft playing or passage.
Pianist	Piano-player.
Piano1	keyboard instrument with metal strings struck by hammers.
Piano2	Soft.
Piano2	Softly.
Piano2	soft playing or passage.
Piano-accordion	Accordion with a small keyboard like that of a piano.
Pianoforte	Formal or
Pianola	Propr.
Pianola	kind of automatic piano.
Piazza	Public square or market-place.
Pibroch	Martial or funerary bagpipe music.
Pica	unit of type-size
Pica	size of letters in typewriting
Picador	Mounted man with a lance in a bullfight.
Picaresque	dealing with the episodic adventures of rogues etc.
Piccalilli	pickle of chopped vegetables, mustard, and hot spices.
Piccaninny	often offens. Small black or australian aboriginal child.
Piccolo	small flute sounding an octave higher than the ordinary one.
Pick1	Choose carefully.
Pick1	detach or pluck
Pick1	From a stem, tree, etc.
Pick1	a probe with the finger, an instrument, etc. To remove unwanted matter.
Pick1	clear
Pick1	Of scraps of meat etc.
Pick1	eat
Pick1	In small bits.
Pick1	act of picking.
Pick1	a selection, choice.
Pick1	right to select
Pick1	best
Pick1	eat
Pick1	without interest.
Pick1	find fault with. Pick a person's brains extract ideas, information, etc., from a person for one's own use. Pick holes in find fault with
Pick1	. Pick a lock open a lock with an instrument other than the proper key, esp. With criminal intent. Pick off
Pick1	pluck
Pick1	Off.
Pick1	shoot
Pick1	One by one without haste. Pick on
Pick1	find fault with; nag at.
Pick1	select. Pick out
Pick1	take from a larger number.
Pick1	distinguish from surrounding objects; identify.
Pick1	play
Pick1	by ear on the piano etc.
Pick1	accentuate
Pick1	With a contrasting colour. Pick over select the best from. Pick a person's pockets steal from a person's pockets. Pick a quarrel start an argument deliberately. Pick to pieces = take to pieces
Pick1	. Pick up
Pick1	grasp and raise.
Pick1	a acquire by chance or without effort.
Pick1	learn effortlessly.
Pick1	stop for and take along with one.
Pick1	become acquainted with
Pick1	casually, esp for sexual purposes.
Pick1	Recover, improve, etc.
Pick1	Recover speed.
Pick1	Arrest.
Pick1	detect by scrutiny or with a telescope, radio, etc.
Pick1	accept the responsibility of paying
Pick1	0 resume, take up anew
Pick2	long-handled tool with a usu. Curved iron bar pointed at one or both ends, used for breaking up hard ground etc.
Pick2	Plectrum.
Pick2	any instrument for picking.
Pickaninny	often offens. Small black or australian aboriginal child.
Picket	one or more persons stationed outside a place of work to persuade others not to enter during a strike etc.
Picket	pointed stake driven into the ground.
Picket	a small body of troops sent out to watch for the enemy.
Picket	group of sentries.
Picket	a station or act as a picket.
Picket	beset or guard with a picket or pickets.
Picket	secure
Picket	with stakes.
Picket	tether
Picket line	Boundary established by workers on strike, esp. At the entrance to the place of work, which others are asked not to cross.
Pickings	profits or gains acquired easily or dishonestly.
Pickings	leftovers.
Pickle	a (often in
Pickle	) Food, esp. Vegetables, preserved in brine, vinegar, mustard, etc.
Pickle	the liquid used for this.
Pickle	Plight
Pickle	preserve in or treat with pickle.
Pickle	(as pickled
Pickle	drunk.
Pick-me-up	tonic for the nerves etc.
Pick-me-up	a good experience that cheers.
Pickpocket	Person who steals from people's pockets.
Pick-up	person met casually, esp. For sexual purposes.
Pick-up	small open motor truck.
Pick-up	part of a record-player carrying the stylus.
Pick-up	device on an electric guitar etc. That converts string vibrations into electrical signals.
Pick-up	act of picking up.
Picky	Excessively fastidious.
Pick-your-own	(usu.
Pick-your-own	dug or picked by the customer at the farm etc.
Picnic	outing including an outdoor meal.
Picnic	meal eaten out of doors.
Picnic	Something agreeable or easily accomplished etc.
Picnic	take part in a picnic.
Pico-	Form denoting a factor of
Pico-	0-12
Pict	Member of an ancient people of
Pict	Britain.
Pictograph	pictorial symbol for a word or phrase.
Pictograph	pictorial representation of statistics etc.
Pictorial	of or expressed in a picture or pictures.
Pictorial	illustrated.
Pictorial	Periodical with pictures as the main feature.
Picture	a (often
Picture	) Painting, drawing, photograph, etc., esp. As a work of art.
Picture	portrait.
Picture	beautiful object.
Picture	total mental or visual impression produced; scene.
Picture	a film.
Picture	cinema; cinema performance.
Picture	imagine
Picture	represent in a picture.
Picture	describe graphically.
Picture	Grasp the drift of information etc. In the picture
Picture	Fully informed.
Picture postcard	Postcard with a picture on one side.
Picturesque	beautiful or striking to look at.
Picturesque	Strikingly graphic.
Picture window	Large window of one pane of glass.
Piddle	Urinate.
Piddle	(as piddling
Piddle	Trivial; trifling.
Piddle	work or act in a trifling way.
Pidgin	Simplified language used between people not having a common language.
Pidgin english	Pidgin in which the chief language is english, used orig. Between chinese and europeans.
Pie1	baked dish of meat, fish, fruit, etc., usu. With a top and base of pastry.
Pie1	thing resembling a pie
Pie2	magpie.
Piebald	having irregular patches of two colours, esp. Black and white.
Piebald	Piebald animal.
Piece	distinct portion forming part of or broken off from a larger object.
Piece	each of the parts of which a set or category is composed
Piece	coin.
Piece	literary or musical composition; picture; play.
Pièce de résistance	most important or remarkable item, esp.
Pièce de résistance	dish at a meal.
Piecemeal	Piece by piece; gradually.
Piecemeal	Gradual; unsystematic.
Piece-work	Work paid for according to the amount produced.
Pie chart	Circle divided into sectors to represent relative quantities.
Piecrust	Baked pastry crust of a pie.
Pied	Particoloured.
Pied-à-terre	flat, house, etc. Kept for occasional use.
Pie-eyed	drunk.
Pie in the sky	unrealistic prospect of future happiness.
Pier	a structure built out into the sea, a lake, etc., as a promenade and landing-stage.
Pier	breakwater.
Pier	a support of an arch or of the span of a bridge; pillar.
Pier	solid masonry between windows etc.
Pierce	Penetrate.
Pierce	make a hole in or through with a sharp-pointed instrument.
Pierce	make
Pierce	(as piercing
Pierce	Keen, sharp, or unpleasantly penetrating.
Pierce	force a way through or into, penetrate.
Pier-glass	Large mirror, used orig. To fill wall-space between windows.
Pierrot	white-faced entertainer in pier shows etc. With a loose white clown's costume.
Pierrot	french pantomime character so dressed.
Pietà	Representation of the virgin mary holding the dead body of christ on her lap.
Pietism	pious sentiment.
Pietism	exaggerated or affected piety.
Piety	quality of being pious.
Piety	pious act.
Piffle	Nonsense; empty speech.
Piffle	talk or act feebly; trifle.
Piffling	Trivial; worthless.
Pig	omnivorous hoofed bristly broad-snouted mammal, esp.
Pig	domesticated kind.
Pig	its flesh as food.
Pig	Greedy, dirty, or unpleasant person.
Pig	oblong mass of metal
Pig	from a smelting-furnace.
Pig	derog. Police officer.
Pig	Eat
Pig	greedily.
Pig	Live in a disorderly or filthy fashion. Pig out
Pig	esp. Us
Pig	eat gluttonously.
Pigeon	Bird of the dove family.
Pigeon-hole	Each of a set of compartments on a wall etc. For papers, letters, etc.
Pigeon-hole	assign to a preconceived category.
Pigeon-hole	deposit in a pigeon-hole.
Pigeon-hole	put aside for future consideration.
Pigeon-toed	Having the toes turned inwards.
Piggery	pig farm.
Piggish	Greedy; dirty; mean.
Piggy	Little pig.
Piggy	like a pig.
Piggy	Like those of a pig.
Piggyback	Ride on the back and shoulders of another person.
Piggyback	On the back and shoulders of another person.
Piggy bank	Pig-shaped money box.
Pigheaded	Obstinate.
Pig-iron	Crude iron from a smelting-furnace.
Piglet	Young pig.
Pigment	colouring-matter used as paint or dye.
Pigment	natural colouring-matter of animal or plant tissue.
Pigment	Colour with or as if with pigment.
Pigmentation	natural colouring of plants, animals, etc.
Pigmentation	excessive colouring of tissue by the deposition of pigment.
Pigskin	hide of a pig.
Pigskin	leather made from this.
Pigsty	pen for pigs.
Pigsty	filthy house, room, etc.
Pigswill	Kitchen refuse and scraps fed to pigs.
Pigtail	Plait of hair hanging from the back of the head.
Pike	large voracious freshwater fish with a long narrow snout.
Pike	hist. Weapon with a pointed metal head on a long wooden shaft.
Pikestaff	Wooden shaft of a pike.
Pilaster	Rectangular column projecting slightly from a wall.
Pilau	middle eastern or indian dish of rice boiled with meat, vegetables, spices, etc.
Pilchard	Small marine fish of the herring family.
Pile1	heap of things laid upon one another.
Pile1	large imposing building.
Pile1	large quantity.
Pile1	large amount of money.
Pile1	a series of plates of dissimilar metals laid one on another alternately to produce an electric current.
Pile1	funeral pyre.
Pile1	heap up.
Pile1	load.
Pile1	Crowd hurriedly or tightly.
Pile1	Exaggerate. Pile up
Pile1	accumulate; heap up.
Pile1	Cause
Pile1	To crash.
Pile2	heavy beam driven vertically into the ground to support a bridge, the foundations of a house, etc.
Pile2	pointed stake or post.
Pile3	Soft projecting surface on a carpet, velvet, etc.
Pile-driver	Machine for driving piles into the ground.
Piles	Haemorrhoids.
Pile-up	Multiple crash of road vehicles.
Pilfer	Steal
Pilfer	, esp. In small quantities.
Pilgrim	person who journeys to a sacred place for religious reasons.
Pilgrim	traveller.
Pilgrimage	pilgrim's journey.
Pilgrimage	any journey taken for sentimental reasons.
Pilgrim fathers	pl. English puritans who founded the colony of plymouth, massachusetts, in
Pilgrim fathers	620.
Pill	a ball or flat disc of solid medicine for swallowing whole.
Pill	Contraceptive pill.
Pill	unpleasant or painful necessity.
Pillage	Plunder, sack.
Pillage	Pillaging, esp. In war.
Pillar	slender vertical structure of stone etc. Used as a support or for ornament.
Pillar	person regarded as a mainstay
Pillar	upright mass of air, water, rock, etc.
Pillar-box	Public postbox shaped like a pillar.
Pillar-box red	Bright red.
Pillbox	shallow cylindrical box for holding pills.
Pillbox	hat of a similar shape.
Pillbox	mil. Small partly underground enclosed concrete fort.
Pillion	Seating for a passenger behind a motor cyclist.
Pillory	hist. Wooden framework with holes for the head and hands, holding a person and allowing him or her to be publicly ridiculed.
Pillory	expose to ridicule.
Pillory	hist. Put in the pillory.
Pillow	soft support for the head, esp. In bed.
Pillow	pillow-shaped block or support.
Pillow	Rest on or as if on a pillow.
Pillowcase	washable cover for a pillow.
Pilot	person who operates the controls of an aircraft.
Pilot	person qualified to take charge of a ship entering or leaving harbour.
Pilot	(usu.
Pilot	) Experimental undertaking or test
Pilot	guide.
Pilot	act as a pilot of.
Pilot	conduct or initiate as a pilot.
Pilot-light	small gas burner kept alight to light another.
Pilot-light	electric indicator light or control light.
Pilot officer	Lowest commissioned rank in the raf.
Pimento	tree native to jamaica.
Pimento	berries of this, usu. Crushed for culinary use; allspice.
Pimp	Man who lives off the earnings of a prostitute or a brothel.
Pimp	Act as a pimp.
Pimple	small hard inflamed spot on the skin.
Pimple	anything resembling a pimple.
Pin	Personal identification number
Pin	small thin pointed piece of metal with a round or flattened head used
Pin	for holding things in place, attaching one thing to another, etc.
Pin	peg of wood or metal for various purposes.
Pin	something of small value
Pin	(in
Pin	Legs.
Pin	fasten with a pin or pins.
Pin	transfix with a pin, lance, etc.
Pin	put
Pin	On
Pin	Seize and hold fast.
Pin	bind
Pin	To a promise, arrangement, etc.
Pin	force
Pin	to declare his or her intentions.
Pin	restrict the actions of
Pin	specify
Pin	precisely. Pin one's faith
Pin	On rely implicitly on.
Pina colada	Cocktail of pineapple juice, rum, and coconut.
Pinafore	apron, esp. With a bib.
Pinafore	collarless sleeveless dress worn over a blouse or jumper.
Pinball	Game in which small metal balls are shot across a board to strike pins.
Pince-nez	pair of eyeglasses with a nose-clip.
Pincer movement	Movement by two wings of an army converging to surround an enemy.
Pincers	gripping-tool resembling scissors but with blunt jaws.
Pincers	front claws of lobsters and some other crustaceans.
Pinch	a squeeze tightly, esp. Between finger and thumb.
Pinch	Constrict painfully.
Pinch	Affect painfully.
Pinch	a steal.
Pinch	arrest.
Pinch	(as pinched
Pinch	drawn.
Pinch	Stint.
Pinch	be niggardly.
Pinch	remove
Pinch	To encourage bushy growth.
Pinch	act of pinching.
Pinch	amount that can be taken up with fingers and thumb
Pinch	the stress caused by poverty etc.
Pinchbeck	Goldlike alloy of copper and zinc used in cheap jewellery etc.
Pinchbeck	Counterfeit, sham.
Pincushion	Small pad for holding pins.
Pine1	evergreen coniferous tree with needle-shaped leaves growing in clusters.
Pine1	its wood.
Pine1	Made of pine.
Pine2	decline or waste away from grief etc.
Pine2	long eagerly.
Pineal	Shaped like a pine cone.
Pineal body	conical gland in the brain, secreting a hormone-like substance.
Pineapple	large juicy tropical fruit with yellow flesh and tough segmented skin.
Pineapple	plant bearing this.
Pine cone	Fruit of the pine.
Pine nut	Edible seed of various pines.
Ping	Single short high ringing sound.
Ping	make a ping.
Pinhead	head of a pin.
Pinhead	very small thing or spot.
Pinhead	Stupid person.
Pinhole	hole made by a pin.
Pinhole	hole into which a peg fits.
Pinhole camera	Camera with a pinhole aperture and no lens.
Pinion1	outer part of a bird's wing.
Pinion1	poet. Wing; flight-feather.
Pinion1	cut off the pinion of
Pinion1	to prevent flight.
Pinion1	a bind the arms of
Pinion1	bind
Pinion1	Fast to a thing.
Pinion2	small cog-wheel engaging with a larger one.
Pinion2	cogged spindle engaging with a wheel.
Pink1	pale red colour.
Pink1	cultivated plant with fragrant flowers.
Pink1	the most perfect condition, the peak
Pink1	person with socialist tendencies.
Pink1	of a pale red colour.
Pink1	tending to socialism.
Pink1	In very good health.
Pink1	Pinkness
Pink1	Pinky
Pink2	pierce slightly.
Pink2	cut a scalloped or zigzag edge on.
Pink3	emit high-pitched explosive sounds caused by faulty combustion.
Pink gin	Gin flavoured with angostura bitters.
Pinking shears	pl. Dressmaker's serrated shears for cutting a zigzag edge.
Pinko	esp. Us
Pinko	socialist.
Pin-money	hist. Allowance to a woman from her husband.
Pin-money	very small sum of money.
Pinnace	Ship's small boat.
Pinnacle	culmination or climax.
Pinnacle	natural peak.
Pinnacle	small ornamental turret crowning a buttress, roof, etc.
Pinnate	having leaflets on either side of the leaf-stalk.
Pinny	Pinafore.
Pinpoint	point of a pin.
Pinpoint	something very small or sharp.
Pinpoint	Precise, accurate.
Pinpoint	Locate with precision.
Pinprick	Trifling irritation.
Pins and needles	pl. Tingling sensation in a limb recovering from numbness.
Pinstripe	(often
Pinstripe	) Narrow stripe in cloth
Pinstripe	(in sing. Or
Pinstripe	) Pinstripe suit
Pint	measure of capacity for liquids etc.,
Pint	/8 gal. (0.57, us
Pint	.47, litre).
Pint	Pint of beer.
Pint	pint of a liquid, esp. Milk.
Pint	measure of shellfish containable in a pint mug.
Pinta	Pint of milk.
Pin-table	Table used in playing pinball.
Pintail	Duck or grouse with a pointed tail.
Pintle	Pin or bolt, esp. One on which some other part turns.
Pint-sized	Very small.
Pin-tuck	Very narrow ornamental tuck.
Pin-up	photograph of a popular or sexually attractive person, hung on the wall.
Pin-up	person in such a photograph.
Pin-wheel	Small catherine wheel.
Pinyin	System of romanized spelling for transliterating chinese.
Pion	subatomic particle having a mass many times greater than that of an electron.
Pioneer	initiator of an enterprise; investigator of a subject etc.
Pioneer	explorer or settler; colonist.
Pioneer	initiate
Pioneer	For others to follow.
Pioneer	be a pioneer.
Pious	devout; religious.
Pious	sanctimonious.
Pious	dutiful.
Pious	Piousness
Pip1	Seed of an apple, pear, orange, grape, etc.
Pip1	remove the pips from
Pip2	Short high-pitched sound, usu. Electronically produced, esp. As a time signal.
Pip3	hit with a shot.
Pip3	defeat narrowly or at the last moment.
Pip4	any of the spots on a playing-card, dice, or domino.
Pip4	star
Pip4	on the shoulder of an army officer's uniform.
Pip5	disease of poultry etc.
Pip5	Fit of disgust or bad temper
Pipe	tube of metal, plastic, etc., used to convey water, gas, etc.
Pipe	a narrow tube with a bowl at one end containing tobacco for smoking.
Pipe	quantity of tobacco held by this.
Pipe	a wind instrument of a single tube.
Pipe	any of the tubes by which sound is produced in an organ.
Pipe	tubular organ, vessel, etc. In an animal's body.
Pipe	high note or song, esp. Of a bird.
Pipe	a boatswain's whistle.
Pipe	sounding of this.
Pipe	cask for wine, esp. As a measure, usu. =
Pipe	05 gal. (about
Pipe	77 litres).
Pipe	a convey
Pipe	By pipes.
Pipe	provide with pipes.
Pipe	play
Pipe	On a pipe or pipes.
Pipe	(esp. As piped
Pipe	) Transmit
Pipe	By wire or cable.
Pipe	summon
Pipe	signal the arrival of
Pipe	On board.
Pipe	utter in a shrill voice.
Pipe	decorate or trim with piping.
Pipe	lead or bring
Pipe	By the sound of a pipe or pipes.
Pipe	Be quiet or less insistent. Pipe up begin to play, sing, speak, etc.
Pipeclay	Fine white clay used for tobacco-pipes, whitening leather, etc.
Pipe-cleaner	Piece of flexible tufted wire for cleaning a tobacco-pipe.
Pipedream	Unattainable or fanciful hope or scheme.
Pipeline	long, usu. Underground, pipe for conveying esp. Oil.
Pipeline	channel supplying goods, information, etc.
Piper	Person who plays a pipe, esp. The bagpipes.
Pipette	Chem slender tube for transferring or measuring small quantities of liquids.
Piping	pipelike fold or cord for edging or decorating clothing, upholstery, etc.
Piping	ornamental lines of icing, cream, potato, etc. On a cake etc.
Piping	lengths of pipe, system of pipes.
Pipit	Small bird resembling a lark.
Pippin	apple grown from seed.
Pippin	red and yellow eating apple.
Pipsqueak	Insignificant or contemptible person or thing.
Piquant	agreeably pungent, sharp, or appetizing.
Piquant	pleasantly stimulating to the mind.
Pique	wound the pride of, irritate.
Pique	arouse
Pique	Resentment; hurt pride.
Piquet	Card-game for two players with a pack of
Piquet	2 cards.
Piracy	robbery of ships at sea.
Piracy	similar practice, esp. Hijacking.
Piracy	infringement of copyright etc.
Piranha	Voracious s. American freshwater fish.
Pirate	a seafaring robber attacking ships.
Pirate	ship used by pirates.
Pirate	(often
Pirate	) Person who infringes another's copyright or business rights or who broadcasts without official authorization
Pirate	reproduce
Pirate	Or trade
Pirate	without permission.
Pirouette	Dancer's spin on one foot or the point of the toe.
Pirouette	perform a pirouette.
Piscatorial	Of fishermen or fishing.
Pisces	constellation and twelfth sign of the zodiac
Pisces	person born when the sun is in this sign.
Piscina	stone basin near the altar in a church for draining water used in rinsing the chalice etc.
Piscina	fish-pond.
Piss	urinate.
Piss	discharge
Piss	With urine.
Piss	(as pissed
Piss	) Drunk.
Piss	urine.
Piss	act of urinating.
Piss	go away.
Piss	(often as pissed off
Piss	) Annoy; depress. Piss on
Piss	show utter contempt for. Take the piss
Piss	mock; make fun of.
Piss artist	drunkard.
Piss artist	person who fools about.
Piss-taking	Mockery.
Piss-taking	Piss-taker
Piss-up	Drinking spree.
Pistachio	edible pale-green nut.
Pistachio	tree yielding this.
Piste	Ski-run of compacted snow.
Pistil	Female organs of a flower, comprising the stigma, style, and ovary.
Pistol	Small handgun.
Piston	sliding cylinder fitting closely in a tube in which it moves up and down, used in an internal-combustion engine to impart motion, or in a pump to receive motion.
Piston	sliding valve in a trumpet etc.
Piston-ring	Ring on a piston sealing the gap between piston and cylinder wall.
Piston-rod	Rod or crankshaft by which a piston imparts motion.
Pit1	a deep hole in the ground, usu. Large.
Pit1	coalmine.
Pit1	covered hole as a trap for animals.
Pit1	hollow on a surface, esp. An indentation of the skin.
Pit1	a = orchestra pit (see *orchestra
Pit1	usu. Hist. Seating at the back of the stalls.
Pit1	worst imaginable place, situation, person, etc.
Pit1	a area at the side of a track where racing cars are serviced and refuelled.
Pit1	sunken area in a workshop floor for access to a car's underside.
Pit1	set
Pit1	In competition.
Pit1	(usu. As pitted
Pit1	) Make pits, scars, craters, etc. In.
Pit1	put into a pit.
Pit2	(usu. As pitted
Pit2	) Remove stones from
Pit-a-pat	with a sound like quick light steps.
Pit-a-pat	falteringly
Pit-a-pat	Such a sound.
Pit bull terrier	Small american dog noted for ferocity.
Pitch1	erect and fix
Pitch1	throw.
Pitch1	fix in a definite position.
Pitch1	express in a particular style or at a particular level.
Pitch1	Fall heavily, esp. Headlong.
Pitch1	Plunge backwards and forwards in a lengthwise direction.
Pitch1	Set at a particular pitch.
Pitch1	cricket a cause
Pitch1	to strike the ground at a specified point etc.
Pitch1	strike the ground thus.
Pitch1	area of play in a field-game.
Pitch1	height, degree, intensity, etc.
Pitch1	degree of slope, esp. Of a roof.
Pitch1	Quality of a sound governed by the rate of vibrations producing it; highness or lowness of a note.
Pitch1	act of throwing.
Pitch1	pitching motion of a ship etc.
Pitch2	Dark resinous substance from the distillation of tar or turpentine, used for making ships watertight etc.
Pitch2	Coat with pitch.
Pitch-black	very or completely dark.
Pitchblende	Uranium oxide occurring in pitchlike masses and yielding radium.
Pitched battle	vigorous argument etc.
Pitched battle	planned battle between sides in prepared positions and on chosen ground.
Pitched roof	Sloping roof.
Pitcher1	Large jug with a lip and a handle.
Pitcher2	Player who delivers the ball in baseball.
Pitchfork	Long-handled two-pronged fork for pitching hay etc.
Pitchfork	throw with or as if with a pitchfork.
Pitchfork	thrust
Pitchfork	forcibly into a position, office, etc.
Pitch-pine	Pine-tree yielding much resin.
Piteous	Deserving or arousing pity; wretched.
Piteous	Piteousness
Pitfall	unsuspected danger or drawback.
Pitfall	covered pit for trapping animals.
Pith	spongy white tissue lining the rind of an orange etc.
Pith	essential part.
Pith	spongy tissue in the stems and branches of plants.
Pith	strength; vigour; energy.
Pit-head	top of a mineshaft.
Pit-head	area surrounding this (also
Pit-head	: pit-head ballot).
Pith helmet	Protective sun-helmet made of dried pith from plants.
Pithy	Terse and forcible.
Pithy	of or like pith.
Pithy	Pithiness
Pitiable	Deserving or arousing pity or contempt.
Pitiful	causing pity.
Pitiful	contemptible.
Pitiless	Showing no pity
Pit of the stomach	Depression below the breastbone.
Piton	Peg driven into rock or a crack to support a climber or rope.
Pitta	flat hollow unleavened bread which can be split and filled.
Pittance	Very small allowance or remuneration.
Pituitary	small ductless gland at the base of the brain.
Pity	sorrow and compassion for another's suffering.
Pity	cause for regret
Pity	feel
Pity	pity for.
Pity	Pityingly
Pivot	shaft or pin on which something turns or oscillates.
Pivot	crucial or essential person, point, etc.
Pivot	turn on or as on a pivot.
Pivot	provide with a pivot.
Pixel	Any of the minute areas of uniform illumination of which an image on a display screen is composed.
Pixie	fairy-like being.
Pizza	Italian dish of a layer of dough baked with a topping of tomatoes, cheese, etc.
Pizzeria	Pizza restaurant.
Pizzicato	Plucking.
Pizzicato	Performed pizzicato.
Pizzicato	note, passage, etc. Played pizzicato.
Pl.	plural.
Pl.	(usu.
Pl.	) Place.
Pl.	plate.
Placable	Easily placated; mild; forgiving.
Placard	Large notice for public display.
Placard	Set up placards on
Placate	pacify; conciliate.
Place	a particular portion of space.
Place	portion of space occupied by a person or thing.
Place	proper or natural position.
Place	city, town, village, etc.
Place	residence, home.
Place	group of houses in a town etc., esp.
Place	square.
Place	country house.
Place	rank or status.
Place	space, esp.
Place	seat, for a person.
Place	building or area for a specific purpose
Place	point reached in a book etc.
Place	0 particular spot on a surface, esp. Of the skin
Place	1 a employment or office.
Place	duties or entitlements of office etc.
Place	2 position as a member of a team, student in a college, etc.
Place	3  any of the first three
Place	positions in a race, esp. Other than the winner.
Place	4 position of a digit in a series indicated in decimal or similar notation.
Place	put in a particular or proper place or state or order; arrange.
Place	identify, classify, or remember correctly.
Place	assign to a particular place, class, or rank; locate.
Place	find employment or a living etc. For.
Place	make or state
Place	Have
Place	state the position of
Place	in a race.
Place	(as placed
Place	) Among the first three
Place	in a race.
Place	make room for.
Place	yield precedence to.
Place	be succeeded by. Go places
Place	Be successful. In place in the right position; suitable. In place of in exchange for; instead of. In places at only some places or parts. Out of place
Place	in the wrong position.
Place	unsuitable. Put a person in his
Place	place deflate a person. Take place occur. Take the place of be substituted for.
Placebo	medicine with no physiological effect prescribed for psychological reasons.
Placebo	dummy pill etc. Used in a controlled trial.
Place-kick	Kick in football with the ball placed on the ground.
Place-mat	Small table-mat for a person's plate.
Place-name	Name of a town, village, etc.
Placenta	organ in the uterus of pregnant mammals nourishing the foetus through the umbilical cord and expelled after birth.
Placer	Deposit of sand, gravel, etc. Containing valuable minerals in particles.
Place-setting	Set of cutlery etc. For one person at a table.
Placid	calm; not easily excited or irritated.
Placid	tranquil, serene.
Placid	Placidly
Placid	Placidness
Placket	opening or slit in a garment, for fastenings or access to a pocket.
Placket	flap of fabric under this.
Plagiarize	Take and pass off
Plagiarize	As one's own.
Plagiarize	pass off the thoughts etc. Of
Plagiarize	as one's own.
Plagiarize	Plagiarist
Plagiarize	Plagiarizer
Plague	deadly contagious disease.
Plague	Infestation of a pest etc.
Plague	great trouble or affliction.
Plague	Nuisance.
Plague	Pester, annoy.
Plague	afflict, hinder
Plague	affect with plague.
Plaice	marine flat-fish used as food.
Plaid	(often
Plaid	) Chequered or tartan, esp. Woollen, twilled cloth
Plaid	long piece of this worn over the shoulder in highland scottish costume.
Plain	clear, evident.
Plain	readily understood, simple.
Plain	Simple.
Plain	not beautiful or distinguished-looking.
Plain	outspoken; straightforward.
Plain	unsophisticated; not luxurious
Plain	clearly.
Plain	simply.
Plain	level tract of country.
Plain	basic knitting stitch.
Plain	Plainness
Plain chocolate	Dark chocolate without added milk.
Plain clothes	pl. Ordinary clothes, not uniform
Plain dealing	Candour; straightforwardness.
Plain flour	Flour containing no raising agent.
Plain sailing	Uncomplicated situation or course of action.
Plainsong	Unaccompanied church music sung in unison in medieval modes and in free rhythm corresponding to the accentuation of the words.
Plain-spoken	Frank.
Plaint	law accusation; charge.
Plaint	literary complaint, lamentation.
Plaintiff	Person who brings a case against another into court.
Plaintive	Expressing sorrow; mournful-sounding.
Plait	Length of hair, straw, etc., in three or more interlaced strands.
Plait	weave
Plait	Into a plait.
Plait	make by interlacing strands
Plan	method or procedure for doing something; design, scheme, or intention.
Plan	drawing etc. Of a building or structure, made by projection on to a horizontal plane.
Plan	map of a town or district.
Plan	scheme of an arrangement
Plan	arrange
Plan	Beforehand; form a plan; intend.
Plan	make a plan of or design for.
Plan	(as planned
Plan	) In accordance with a plan
Plan	make plans.
Plan	Aim at; intend.
Planchette	Small board on castors with a pencil, said to write spirit messages when a person's fingers rest lightly on it.
Plane1	flat surface such that a straight line joining any two points on it lies wholly in it.
Plane1	level surface.
Plane1	flat surface producing lift by the action of air or water over and under it (usu. In
Plane1	: hydroplane).
Plane1	level of attainment, knowledge, etc.
Plane1	Perfectly level.
Plane1	Lying in a plane.
Plane1	glide.
Plane2	Tool for smoothing a usu. Wooden surface by paring shavings from it.
Plane2	smooth with a plane.
Plane2	pare with a plane.
Plane3	Tall tree with maple-like leaves and bark which peels in uneven patches.
Planet	Celestial body orbiting round a star.
Planetarium	domed building in which images of stars, planets, constellations, etc. Are projected.
Planetarium	device for such projection.
Plangent	Literary
Plangent	loud and reverberating.
Plangent	plaintive.
Plank	long flat piece of timber.
Plank	item in a political or other programme.
Plank	provide or cover with planks.
Plank	put down or deposit roughly or violently.
Plank	pay
Plank	on the spot.
Planking	Planks as flooring etc.
Plankton	Chiefly microscopic organisms drifting in the sea or fresh water.
Planner	person who plans new towns etc.
Planner	person who makes plans.
Planner	list, table, etc., with information helpful in planning.
Planning permission	Formal permission for building etc., esp. From a local authority.
Plant	a organism usu. Containing chlorophyll enabling it to live wholly on inorganic substances, and lacking the power of voluntary movement.
Plant	small organism of this kind, as distinguished from a shrub or tree.
Plant	a machinery, fixtures, etc., used in industry.
Plant	factory.
Plant	Something deliberately placed so as to incriminate another.
Plant	place
Plant	In soil for growing.
Plant	Put or fix in position.
Plant	Station
Plant	, esp. As a spy.
Plant	cause
Plant	To be established, esp. In another person's mind.
Plant	deliver
Plant	With a deliberate aim.
Plant	Place
Plant	for later discovery.
Plantain1	Plant with broad flat leaves spread close to the ground and seeds used as food for birds.
Plantain2	a kind of banana plant, grown for its fruit.
Plantain2	banana-like fruit of this.
Plantation	estate on which cotton, tobacco, etc. Is cultivated.
Plantation	area planted with trees etc.
Plantation	hist. Colony.
Planter	manager or owner of a plantation.
Planter	container for house-plants.
Plaque	commemorative tablet, esp. Fixed to a building.
Plaque	deposit on teeth where bacteria proliferate.
Plasma	a colourless fluid part of blood, lymph, or milk, in which corpuscles or fat-globules are suspended.
Plasma	this taken from blood for transfusions.
Plasma	gas of positive ions and free electrons in about equal numbers.
Plaster	soft mixture of lime, sand, and water etc. Applied to walls, ceilings, etc., to dry into a smooth hard surface.
Plaster	cover
Plaster	With plaster.
Plaster	coat, daub, cover thickly.
Plaster	stick or apply
Plaster	thickly like plaster.
Plaster	smooth
Plaster	with water etc.
Plaster	(as plastered
Plaster	drunk.
Plasterboard	Two boards with a filling of plaster for partitions, walls, etc.
Plaster cast	bandage stiffened with plaster of paris and applied to a broken limb etc.
Plaster cast	statue or mould made of plaster.
Plaster of paris	Fine white gypsum plaster for plaster casts etc.
Plastic	synthetic resinous substance that can be given any shape.
Plastic	Credit card
Plastic	made of plastic.
Plastic	capable of being moulded; pliant, supple.
Plastic	giving form to clay, wax, etc.
Plastic	Plasticize
Plastic	. Plasticizer
Plastic	. Plasticky
Plastic arts	pl. Arts involving modelling or the representation of solid objects.
Plastic bomb	Bomb containing plastic explosive.
Plastic explosive	Putty-like explosive.
Plasticine	Propr. Pliant material used for modelling.
Plastic surgery	Reconstruction or repair of damaged or unsightly skin, muscle, etc., esp. By the transfer of tissue.
Plate	a shallow usu. Circular vessel from which food is eaten or served.
Plate	contents of this.
Plate	similar vessel used for a collection in church etc.
Plate	utensils of silver, gold, or other metal.
Plate	objects of plated metal.
Plate	piece of metal with a name or inscription for affixing to a door etc.
Plate	illustration on special paper in a book.
Plate	thin sheet of metal, glass, etc., coated with a sensitive film for photography.
Plate	flat thin usu. Rigid sheet of metal etc., often as part of a mechanism.
Plate	a smooth piece of metal etc. For engraving.
Plate	impression from this.
Plate	a silver or gold cup as a prize for a horse-race etc.
Plate	race with this as a prize.
Plate	0 a thin piece of plastic material, moulded to the shape of the mouth, on which artificial teeth are mounted. B
Plate	Denture.
Plate	1 each of several rigid sheets of rock thought to form the earth's outer crust.
Plate	2 thin flat organic structure or formation.
Plate	apply a thin coat esp. Of silver, gold, or tin to
Plate	cover (esp.
Plate	ship) with plates of metal, for protection.
Plate	Available with little trouble to the recipient. On one's plate
Plate	For one to deal with.
Plateau	area of fairly level high ground.
Plateau	state of little variation after an increase.
Plateau	reach a level or static state after an increase.
Plate glass	Thick fine-quality glass for shop windows etc.
Platelayer	Person employed in fixing and repairing railway rails.
Platelet	Small colourless disc of protoplasm found in blood and involved in clotting.
Platen	plate in a printing-press which presses the paper against the type.
Platen	cylindrical roller in a typewriter etc. Against which the paper is held.
Plate-rack	Rack in which plates are placed to drain.
Plate tectonics	pl.
Plate tectonics	The study of the earth's surface based on the concept of moving ‘plates’ (see sense
Plate tectonics	1 of *plate) forming its structure.
Platform	raised level surface, esp. One from which a speaker addresses an audience or one alongside the line at a railway station.
Platform	floor area at the entrance to a bus etc.
Platform	thick sole of a shoe.
Platform	declared policy of a political party.
Platinum	Chem. White heavy precious metallic element that does not tarnish.
Platinum blonde	Silvery-blond.
Platinum blonde	Person with such hair.
Platitude	Commonplace remark, esp. One solemnly delivered.
Platonic	of plato or his ideas.
Platonic	not sexual.
Platonism	Philosophy of plato or his followers.
Platoon	subdivision of a military company.
Platoon	group of persons acting together.
Platter	Large flat dish or plate.
Platypus	australian aquatic egg-laying mammal, with a ducklike bill and flat tail.
Plaudit	(usu. In
Plaudit	round of applause.
Plaudit	expression of approval.
Plausible	Reasonable or probable.
Plausible	persuasive but deceptive.
Plausible	Plausibly
Play	occupy or amuse oneself pleasantly.
Play	act light-heartedly or flippantly with
Play	a perform on or be able to perform on
Play	perform
Play	cause
Play	To produce sounds.
Play	perform a role in
Play	perform
Play	on stage etc.
Play	give a dramatic performance at
Play	act in real life the part of
Play	perform
Play	On
Play	Cooperate; do what is wanted
Play	gamble, gamble on.
Play	a take part in
Play	compete with
Play	in a game.
Play	occupy
Play	in a team for a game.
Play	assign
Play	to a position.
Play	0  move
Play	or display
Play	in one's turn in a game.
Play	Strike
Play	Or execute
Play	in a game.
Play	2 move about in a lively manner; flit, dart.
Play	a touch gently.
Play	emit light, water, etc.
Play	4  allow
Play	to exhaust itself pulling against a line.
Play	a engage half-heartedly
Play	pretend to be.
Play	recreation, amusement, esp. As the spontaneous activity of children.
Play	a playing of a game.
Play	action or manner of this.
Play	dramatic piece for the stage etc.
Play	activity or operation
Play	a freedom of movement.
Play	space or scope for this.
Play	brisk, light, or fitful movement.
Play	gambling.
Play	Make a conspicuous attempt to acquire. Make play with use ostentatiously. Play about
Play	behave irresponsibly. Play along pretend to cooperate. Play back play
Play	. Play ball
Play	Cooperate. Play by ear
Play	perform
Play	without having seen it written down.
Play	Proceed step by step according to results. Play one's cards right
Play	Make good use of opportunities; act shrewdly. Play down minimize the importance of. Played out exhausted of energy or usefulness. Play fast and loose act unreliably. Play the field see *field. Play for time seek to gain time by delaying. Play the game observe the rules; behave honourably. Play havoc
Play	with
Play	Cause great confusion or difficulty to; disrupt. Play into a person's hands act so as unwittingly to give a person an advantage. Play it cool
Play	Be relaxed or apparently indifferent. Play the market speculate in stocks etc. Play off
Play	oppose
Play	, esp. For one's own advantage.
Play	play an extra match to decide a draw or tie. Play on
Play	continue to play.
Play	take advantage of
Play	. Play safe
Play	avoid risks. Play up
Play	behave mischievously.
Play	annoy in this way.
Play	cause trouble; be irritating. Play up to flatter, esp. To win favour. Play with fire take foolish risks.
Play-act	act in a play.
Play-act	pretend; behave insincerely.
Play-back	Playing back of a sound.
Playbill	Poster advertising a play.
Playboy	Wealthy pleasure-seeking man.
Player	participant in a game.
Player	person playing a musical instrument.
Player	actor.
Playfellow	Playmate.
Playful	fond of or inclined to play.
Playful	done in fun.
Playful	Playfulness
Playgoer	Person who goes often to the theatre.
Playground	Outdoor area for children to play in.
Playgroup	Organized regular meeting of preschool children for supervised play.
Playhouse	Theatre.
Playing-card	One of a set of usu.
Playing-card	2 oblong cards, divided into four suits and used in games.
Playing-field	Field for outdoor games.
Playlet	Short play.
Playmate	Child's companion in play.
Play-off	Match played to decide a draw or tie.
Play on words	Pun.
Play-pen	Portable enclosure for a young child to play in.
Play school	Nursery school or kindergarten.
Plaything	toy or other thing to play with.
Plaything	person used merely as an object of amusement or pleasure.
Playtime	Time for play or recreation.
Playwright	Person who writes plays.
Plc	public limited company.
Plea	appeal, entreaty.
Plea	law formal statement by or on behalf of a defendant.
Plea	excuse.
Pleach	Entwine or interlace
Plead	make an earnest appeal to.
Plead	address a lawcourt.
Plead	maintain
Plead	in a lawcourt.
Plead	declare oneself to be guilty or not guilty of a charge.
Plead	allege as an excuse
Plead	(often as pleading
Plead	) Make an appeal or entreaty
Pleading	(usu. In
Pleading	) Formal statement of the cause of an action or defence.
Pleasant	pleasing to the mind, feelings, or senses.
Pleasantry	amusing or polite remark.
Pleasantry	humorous speech.
Pleasantry	jocularity.
Please	be agreeable to; make glad; give pleasure.
Please	Be glad or willing to
Please	derive pleasure or satisfaction
Please	be the inclination or wish of
Please	think fit
Please	used in polite requests
Please	Pleasing
Pleasurable	Causing pleasure.
Pleasure	feeling of satisfaction or joy.
Pleasure	enjoyment.
Pleasure	source of pleasure or gratification.
Pleasure	one's will or desire
Pleasure	sensual gratification.
Pleasure	Done or used for pleasure.
Pleat	Fold or crease, esp.
Pleat	flattened fold in cloth doubled upon itself.
Pleat	Make a pleat or pleats in.
Pleb	Usu. Derog.
Plebeian	commoner, esp. In ancient rome.
Plebeian	working-class person, esp. An uncultured one.
Plebeian	of the common people.
Plebeian	uncultured,
Plebiscite	Referendum.
Plectrum	thin flat piece of plastic etc. For plucking the strings of a guitar etc.
Pledge	solemn promise.
Pledge	thing given as security against a debt etc.
Pledge	thing put in pawn.
Pledge	thing given as a token of favour etc., or of something to come.
Pledge	drinking of a person's health, toast.
Pledge	solemn promise to abstain from alcohol
Pledge	a deposit as security.
Pledge	pawn.
Pledge	promise solemnly by the pledge of
Pledge	bind by a solemn promise.
Pledge	drink to the health of.
Pleiades	pl. Cluster of seven stars in the constellation taurus.
Plenary	to be attended by all members.
Plenary	entire, unqualified
Plenipotentiary	person (esp.
Plenipotentiary	diplomat) invested with full authority to act.
Plenipotentiary	Having this power.
Plenitude	Literary
Plenitude	fullness, completeness.
Plenitude	abundance.
Plenteous	Literary plentiful.
Plentiful	Abundant, copious.
Plenty	abundance, sufficient quantity or number
Plenty	Plentiful.
Plenty	Fully, quite.
Plenum	Full assembly of people or a committee etc.
Pleonasm	Use of more words than are needed
Plethora	Over-abundance.
Pleura	membrane enveloping the lungs.
Pleurisy	Inflammation of the pleura.
Plexus	anat. Network of nerves or vessels
Pliable	bending easily; supple.
Pliable	yielding, compliant.
Pliers	pl. Pincers with parallel flat surfaces for holding small objects, bending wire, etc.
Plight1	Unfortunate condition or state.
Plight2	pledge.
Plight2	engage
Plight2	in marriage.
Plimsoll	rubber-soled canvas sports shoe.
Plimsoll line	marking on a ship's side showing the limit of legal submersion under various conditions.
Plinth	lower square slab at the base of a column.
Plinth	base supporting a vase or statue etc.
Plo	Palestine liberation organization.
Plod	walk doggedly or laboriously; trudge.
Plod	work slowly and steadily.
Plod	Spell of plodding.
Plonk1	set down hurriedly or clumsily.
Plonk1	set down firmly.
Plonk1	Heavy thud.
Plonk2	Cheap or inferior wine.
Plonker	fool.
Plonker	penis.
Plop	Sound as of a smooth object dropping into water without a splash.
Plop	fall or drop with a plop.
Plop	With a plop.
Plosive	Pronounced with a sudden release of breath.
Plosive	Plosive sound.
Plot	defined and usu. Small piece of land.
Plot	interrelationship of the main events in a play, novel, film, etc.
Plot	conspiracy or secret plan.
Plot	make a plan or map of.
Plot	Plan or contrive secretly
Plot	mark on a chart or diagram.
Plot	make
Plot	By marking out a number of points.
Plot	provide
Plot	With a plot.
Plough	implement for cutting furrows in the soil and turning it up.
Plough	implement resembling this
Plough	the great bear
Plough	or its seven bright stars.
Plough	Turn up
Plough	with a plough.
Plough	Turn or extract with a plough.
Plough	furrow or scratch
Plough	as with a plough.
Plough	produce
Plough	thus.
Plough	advance laboriously, esp. Through work, a book, etc.
Plough	move violently like a plough.
Plough	Fail in an examination.
Plough	plough
Plough	Into the soil to enrich it.
Ploughman	person who uses a plough.
Ploughman's lunch	Meal of bread and cheese with pickle and salad.
Ploughshare	cutting blade of a plough.
Plover	Plump-breasted wading bird, e.g. The lapwing.
Plow	implement for cutting furrows in the soil and turning it up.
Plow	implement resembling this
Plow	the great bear
Plow	or its seven bright stars.
Plow	Turn up
Plow	with a plough.
Plow	Turn or extract with a plough.
Plow	furrow or scratch
Plow	as with a plough.
Plow	produce
Plow	thus.
Plow	advance laboriously, esp. Through work, a book, etc.
Plow	move violently like a plough.
Plow	Fail in an examination.
Plow	plough
Plow	Into the soil to enrich it.
Plow	reinvest
Plow	in the business producing them.
Plowman	person who uses a plough.
Plowshare	cutting blade of a plough.
Ploy	Cunning manoeuvre to gain advantage.
Plr	Public lending right.
Pluck	pick or pull out or away.
Pluck	strip
Pluck	of feathers.
Pluck	pull at, twitch.
Pluck	tug or snatch at.
Pluck	sound
Pluck	with a finger or plectrum.
Pluck	plunder.
Pluck	courage, spirit.
Pluck	plucking; twitch.
Pluck	animal's heart, liver, and lungs as food.
Plucky	brave, spirited.
Plucky	Pluckiness
Plug	piece of solid material fitting tightly into a hole, used to fill a gap or cavity or act as a wedge or stopper.
Plug	a device of metal pins in an insulated casing, fitting into holes in a socket for making an electrical connection. B
Plug	Electric socket.
Plug	Piece of free publicity for an idea, product, etc.
Plug	cake or stick of tobacco; piece of this for chewing.
Plug	stop
Plug	With a plug.
Plug	shoot or hit
Plug	Seek to popularize
Plug	By constant recommendation.
Plug	) work steadily
Plug-hole	Hole, esp. In a sink or bath, which can be closed by a plug.
Plug-in	Designed to be plugged into a socket.
Plum	a small sweet oval fleshy fruit with a flattish pointed stone.
Plum	tree bearing this.
Plum	reddish-purple colour.
Plum	raisin used in cooking.
Plum	Something prized (often
Plum	: plum job).
Plumage	Bird's feathers.
Plumb	Lead ball, esp. Attached to the end of a line for finding the depth of water or testing whether a wall etc. Is vertical.
Plumb	exactly
Plumb	vertically.
Plumb	quite, utterly
Plumb	Vertical.
Plumb	a provide with plumbing.
Plumb	fit as part of a plumbing system.
Plumb	work as a plumber.
Plumb	sound or test with a plumb.
Plumb	reach or experience
Plumber	Person who fits and repairs the apparatus of a water-supply, heating, etc.
Plumbing	system or apparatus of water-supply etc.
Plumbing	work of a plumber.
Plumbing	Lavatory installations.
Plumb-line	Line with a plumb attached.
Plume	feather, esp.
Plume	large one used for ornament.
Plume	ornament of feathers etc. Worn on a helmet or hat or in the hair.
Plume	something resembling this
Plume	decorate or provide with a plume or plumes.
Plume	refl.
Plume	pride
Plume	preen
Plummet	plumb, plumb-line.
Plummet	sounding-line.
Plummet	weight attached to a fishing-line to keep the float upright.
Plummet	fall or plunge rapidly.
Plummy	abounding or rich in plums.
Plummy	sounding affectedly rich in tone.
Plummy	Good, desirable.
Plump1	Full or rounded in shape; fleshy.
Plump1	make or become plump
Plump2	decide on, choose.
Plump2	drop or fall abruptly.
Plump2	Abrupt or heavy fall.
Plump2	With a plump.
Plumy	plumelike, feathery.
Plumy	adorned with plumes.
Plunder	rob or steal, esp. In wartime; loot.
Plunder	exploit
Plunder	for one's own profit.
Plunder	activity of plundering.
Plunder	property so acquired.
Plunge	a thrust forcefully or abruptly.
Plunge	dive.
Plunge	enter a condition or embark on a course impetuously
Plunge	immerse completely.
Plunge	a move suddenly and dramatically downward.
Plunge	Move with a rush
Plunge	Run up gambling debts.
Plunge	Plunging action or movement; dive.
Plunge	Take a decisive step.
Plunger	part of a mechanism that works with a plunging or thrusting movement.
Plunger	rubber cup on a handle for clearing blocked pipes by a plunging and sucking action.
Pluperfect	denoting an action completed prior to some past point of time
Pluperfect	Pluperfect tense.
Plural	more than one in number.
Plural	denoting more than one.
Plural	plural word or form.
Plural	plural number.
Pluralism	form of society embracing many minority groups and cultural traditions.
Pluralism	the holding of more than one office at a time, esp. In the church.
Pluralism	Pluralistic
Plurality	state of being plural.
Plurality	large number.
Plurality	us majority that is not absolute.
Pluralize	make plural, express in the plural.
Plus	with the addition of
Plus	above zero (plus
Plus	°).
Plus	With; having gained; newly possessing.
Plus	at least
Plus	Rather better than
Plus	math. Positive.
Plus	having a positive electrical charge.
Plus	Additional, extra.
Plus	the symbol +.
Plus-fours	pl. Men's long wide knickerbockers.
Plush	Cloth of silk or cotton etc., with a long soft nap.
Plush	made of plush.
Plush	Plushness
Plushy	Stylish, luxurious.
Pluto	Outermost known planet of the solar system.
Plutocracy	a government by the wealthy.
Plutocracy	state so governed.
Plutocracy	wealthy élite.
Plutocrat	member of a plutocracy.
Plutocrat	wealthy person.
Plutonic	Formed as igneous rock by solidification below the surface of the earth.
Plutonium	Radioactive metallic element.
Pluvial	of rain; rainy.
Pluvial	geol. Caused by rain.
Ply1	thickness or layer of cloth or wood etc.
Ply1	strand of yarn or rope etc.
Ply2	use or wield
Ply2	work steadily at
Ply2	a supply continuously
Ply2	approach repeatedly
Ply2	Travel regularly to and fro.
Ply2	work
Ply2	thus.
Ply2	Attend regularly for custom
Plymouth brethren	pl. Calvinistic religious body with no formal creed and no official order of ministers.
Plywood	Strong thin board made by gluing layers of wood with the direction of the grain alternating.
Pm	prime minister.
Pm	post-mortem.
Pm	Promethium.
P.m.	After noon.
Pms	Premenstrual syndrome.
Pmt	Premenstrual tension.
Pneumatic	filled with air or wind
Pneumatic	operated by compressed air
Pneumoconiosis	Lung disease caused by the inhalation of dust or small particles.
Pneumonia	Inflammation of one or both lungs.
Po	post office.
Po	postal order.
Po	petty officer.
Po	pilot officer.
Po	Polonium.
Po	Chamber-pot.
Poach1	cook
Poach1	without its shell in or over boiling water.
Poach1	cook
Poach1	By simmering in a small amount of liquid.
Poach2	Catch
Poach2	illegally.
Poach2	trespass or encroach on
Poach2	appropriate
Pock	small pus-filled spot on the skin, esp. Caused by chickenpox or smallpox.
Pocket	small bag sewn into or on clothing, for carrying small articles.
Pocket	pouchlike compartment in a suitcase, car door, etc.
Pocket	one's financial resources
Pocket	isolated group or area
Pocket	cavity in the earth containing ore, esp. Gold.
Pocket	pouch at the corner or on the side of a billiard- or snooker-table into which balls are driven.
Pocket	small enough or intended for carrying in a pocket.
Pocketbook	notebook.
Pocketbook	folding case for papers or money carried in a pocket.
Pocketful	as much as a pocket will hold.
Pocket money	Money for minor expenses, esp. Given to children.
Pod	Long seed-vessel, esp. Of a pea or bean.
Pod	bear or form pods.
Pod	remove
Pod	From pods.
Podgy	short and fat.
Podgy	plump, fleshy.
Podium	rostrum.
Poem	metrical composition, usu. Concerned with feeling or imaginative description.
Poem	elevated composition in verse or prose.
Poem	something with poetic qualities
Poesy	poetry.
Poet	writer of poems.
Poet	highly imaginative or expressive person.
Poetaster	Inferior poet.
Poetic	of or like poetry or poets.
Poetic justice	Very appropriate punishment or reward.
Poetic licence	Writer's or artist's transgression of established rules for effect.
Poet laureate	poet appointed to write poems for state occasions.
Poetry	art or work of a poet.
Poetry	poems collectively.
Poetry	poetic or tenderly pleasing quality.
Po-faced	solemn-faced, humourless.
Po-faced	smug.
Pogo	stiltlike toy with a spring, used for jumping about on.
Pogrom	Organized massacre
Poignant	painfully sharp to the emotions or senses; deeply moving.
Poignant	arousing sympathy.
Poignant	sharp or pungent in taste or smell.
Poignant	pleasantly piquant.
Poignant	Poignancy
Poignant	Poignantly
Poinsettia	Plant with large scarlet bracts surrounding small yellow flowers.
Point	sharp or tapered end of a tool, weapon, pencil, etc.
Point	tip or extreme end.
Point	that which in geometry has position but not magnitude.
Point	particular place or position.
Point	precise or critical moment
Point	very small mark on a surface.
Point	dot or other punctuation mark.
Point	stage or degree in progress or increase
Point	0 temperature at which a change of state occurs
Point	1 single item or particular
Point	2 unit of scoring in games or of measuring value etc.
Point	3 significant or essential thing; what is intended or under discussion
Point	4 sense, purpose; advantage, value
Point	5 characteristic
Point	6 a each of
Point	2 directions marked at equal distances round a compass.
Point	corresponding direction towards the horizon.
Point-blank	aimed or fired at very close range.
Point-blank	very close.
Point-blank	Blunt, direct.
Point-blank	at very close range.
Point-blank	directly, bluntly.
Point-duty	Traffic control by a police officer, esp. At a road junction.
Pointed	sharpened or tapering to a point.
Pointed	Having point; cutting.
Pointed	emphasized.
Pointer	thing that points, e.g. The index hand of a gauge.
Pointer	rod for pointing to features on a chart etc.
Pointer	Hint.
Pointer	dog of a breed that on scenting game stands rigid looking towards it.
Pointer	(in
Pointer	) Two stars in the great bear in line with the pole star.
Pointillism	Technique of impressionist painting using tiny dots of pure colour which become blended in the viewer's eye.
Pointing	cement filling the joints of brickwork.
Pointing	facing produced by this.
Pointless	Lacking purpose or meaning; ineffective, fruitless.
Pointless	Pointlessness
Point of honour	Thing of great importance to one's reputation or conscience.
Point of no return	Point in a journey or enterprise at which it becomes essential or more practical to continue to the end.
Point of order	Query in a debate etc. As to whether correct procedure is being followed.
Point-of-sale	(usu.
Point-of-sale	) Of the place at which goods are retailed.
Point of view	position from which a thing is viewed.
Point of view	way of considering a matter.
Point-to-point	Steeplechase for hunting horses.
Poise	composure, self-possession.
Poise	equilibrium.
Poise	carriage
Poise	balance; hold suspended or supported.
Poise	be balanced or suspended.
Poised	a composed, self-assured.
Poised	carrying oneself gracefully or with dignity.
Poised	Ready for action.
Poison	substance that when introduced into or absorbed by a living organism causes death or injury, esp. One that kills by rapid action even in a small quantity.
Poison	Harmful influence.
Poison	administer poison to.
Poison	kill, injure, or infect with poison.
Poison	treat
Poison	with poison.
Poison	corrupt or pervert
Poison	spoil or destroy
Poison	Poisonous
Poison ivy	American climbing plant secreting an irritant oil from its leaves.
Poison-pen letter	Malicious anonymous letter.
Poke1	a thrust or push with the hand, a stick, etc.
Poke1	Be thrust forward, protrude.
Poke1	Make thrusts.
Poke1	thrust the end of a finger etc. Against.
Poke1	produce
Poke1	by poking.
Poke1	stir
Poke1	with a poker.
Poke1	potter.
Poke1	pry; search.
Poke1	have sexual intercourse with.
Poke1	act of poking.
Poke1	thrust, nudge.
Poke1	Pry or intrude into.
Poke2	Dial. Bag, sack.
Poker1	Metal rod for stirring a fire.
Poker2	Card-game in which bluff is used as players bet on the value of their hands.
Poker-face	Impassive countenance assumed by a poker-player.
Poky	Small and cramped.
Polar	Of or near a pole of the earth or of the celestial sphere.
Polar	having magnetic or electric polarity.
Polar	directly opposite in character.
Polar bear	Large white bear living in the arctic regions.
Polar circle	Each of the circles parallel to the equator at
Polar circle	7´ from either pole.
Polarity	tendency of a magnet etc. To point with its extremities to the magnetic poles of the earth, or of a body to lie with its axis in a particular direction.
Polarity	state of having two poles with contrary qualities.
Polarity	state of having two opposite tendencies, opinions, etc.
Polarity	electrical condition of a body
Polarity	attraction towards an object.
Polarize	restrict the vibrations of
Polarize	To one direction.
Polarize	give magnetic or electric polarity to.
Polarize	divide into two opposing groups.
Polaroid	Propr.
Polaroid	material in thin sheets polarizing light passing through it.
Polaroid	camera with internal processing that produces a print rapidly after each exposure.
Polaroid	(in
Polaroid	) Sunglasses with polaroid lenses.
Polder	Piece of land reclaimed from the sea or a river, esp. In the netherlands.
Pole	native or national of poland.
Pole	person of polish descent.
Pole1	long slender rounded piece of wood, metal, etc., esp. With the end placed in the ground as a support etc.
Pole1	crazy.
Pole1	in difficulty.
Pole2	a each of the two points in the celestial sphere about which the stars appear to revolve.
Pole2	each of the ends of the axis of rotation of the earth
Pole2	each of the two opposite points on the surface of a magnet at which magnetic forces are strongest.
Pole2	each of two terminals
Pole2	of an electric cell or battery etc.
Pole2	each of two opposed principles.
Poleax	hist.
Poleax	butcher's axe.
Poleax	hit or kill with a poleaxe.
Poleax	(esp. As poleaxed
Poleax	Dumbfound, overwhelm.
Poleaxe	hist.
Poleaxe	butcher's axe.
Poleaxe	hit or kill with a poleaxe.
Poleaxe	(esp. As poleaxed
Poleaxe	Dumbfound, overwhelm.
Polecat	small brownish-black mammal of the weasel family.
Polecat	us skunk.
Polemic	forceful verbal or written controversy or argument.
Polemic	(in
Polemic	) Art or practice of controversial discussion.
Polemic	involving dispute; controversial.
Pole star	star in the little bear, near the north pole in the sky.
Pole star	thing serving as a guide.
Pole-vault	Vault, or sport of vaulting, over a high bar with the aid of a pole held in the hands.
Pole-vault	Perform this.
Police	(as
Police	the civil force responsible for maintaining public order.
Police	its members.
Police	force with similar functions
Police	keep
Police	in order by means of police or a similar body.
Police	provide with police.
Police	keep in order, administer, control
Police dog	Dog, esp. An alsatian, used in police work.
Police force	Body of police of a country, district, or town.
Policeman	member of a police force.
Police officer	Member of a police force.
Police state	Totalitarian state controlled by political police.
Police station	Office of a local police force.
Policy1	course of action adopted by a government, business, individual, etc.
Policy1	prudent conduct; sagacity.
Policy2	contract of insurance.
Policy2	document containing this.
Policyholder	Person or body holding an insurance policy.
Poliomyelitis	Infectious viral disease of the grey matter of the central nervous system with temporary or permanent paralysis.
Polish	of poland.
Polish	of the poles or their language.
Polish	Language of poland.
Polish	make or become smooth or glossy by rubbing.
Polish	(esp. As polished
Polish	) Refine or improve; add the finishing touches to.
Polish	substance used for polishing.
Polish	smoothness or glossiness produced by friction.
Polish	refinement, elegance.
Polite	having good manners; courteous.
Polite	cultivated, refined.
Polite	Politeness
Politic	judicious, expedient.
Politic	prudent, sagacious.
Politic	political
Politic	engage in politics.
Political	a of or concerning the state or its government, or public affairs generally.
Political	of or engaged in politics.
Political	taking or belonging to a side in politics.
Political	concerned with seeking power, status, etc.
Political asylum	State protection given to a political refugee from another country.
Political economy	The study of the economic aspects of government.
Political geography	Geography dealing with boundaries and the possessions of states.
Political prisoner	Person imprisoned for political reasons.
Political science	The study of political activity and systems of government.
Politician	person involved in politics, esp. Professionally as an mp.
Politician	esp. Us derog. Person who manoeuvres; schemer, time-server.
Politicize	a give a political character to.
Politicize	make politically aware.
Politicize	engage in or talk politics.
Politico	Politician or political enthusiast.
Politics	(treated as sing. Or
Politics	art and science of government.
Politics	public life and affairs.
Politics	(usu. Treated as
Politics	) Political principles or practice
Politics	activities concerned with seeking power, status, etc.
Polity	form or process of civil government.
Polity	organized society; state.
Polka	lively dance of bohemian origin.
Polka	music for this.
Polka	dance the polka.
Polka dot	Round dot as one of many forming a regular pattern on a textile fabric etc.
Poll	a (often in
Poll	) Voting or the counting of votes at an election
Poll	result of voting or number of votes recorded.
Poll	human head.
Poll	a take the vote or votes of.
Poll	receive
Poll	give
Poll	record the opinion of
Poll	in an opinion poll.
Poll	cut off the top of
Poll	, esp. Make a pollard of.
Poll	(esp. As polled
Poll	) Cut the horns off
Pollack	edible marine fish related to the cod.
Pollard	animal that has lost or cast its horns; ox, sheep, or goat of a hornless breed.
Pollard	tree whose branches have been cut back to encourage the dense growth of young branches.
Pollard	Make
Pollard	a pollard.
Pollen	Fine dustlike grains discharged from the male part of a flower, each containing the fertilizing element.
Pollen count	Index of the amount of pollen in the air, published as a warning to hay fever sufferers.
Pollinate	Convey pollen to or sprinkle
Pollinate	with pollen.
Pollinate	Pollinator
Polling	Registering or casting of votes.
Polling-booth	Compartment in which a voter stands to mark the ballot-paper.
Polling-day	Election day.
Polling-station	Building, often a school, used for voting at an election.
Pollster	Person who organizes an opinion poll.
Poll tax	informal
Poll tax	hist. Tax levied on every adult.
Pollute	contaminate
Pollute	make foul or impure.
Pollute	Polluter
Pollute	Pollution
Polo	Game like hockey played on horseback with a long-handled mallet.
Polonaise	slow dance of polish origin.
Polonaise	music for this.
Polo-neck	high round turned-over collar.
Polo-neck	sweater with this.
Polonium	Radioactive metallic element, occurring naturally in uranium ores.
Poltergeist	Noisy mischievous ghost, esp. One causing physical damage.
Poltroon	Spiritless coward.
Poly	Polytechnic.
Poly-	Form
Poly-	many
Poly-	polymerized
Polyandry	Polygamy in which a woman has more than one husband.
Polyanthus	flowering plant cultivated from hybridized primulas.
Polychromatic	many-coloured.
Polychromatic	containing more than one wavelength.
Polychrome	In many colours.
Polychrome	Polychrome work of art.
Polyester	Synthetic fibre or resin.
Polygamy	Practice of having more than one wife or
Polygamy	Husband at once.
Polygamy	Polygamous
Polyglot	Knowing, using, or written in several languages.
Polyglot	Polyglot person.
Polygon	Figure with many
Polygon	sides and angles.
Polygraph	Machine for reading physiological characteristics
Polygraph	; lie-detector.
Polygyny	Polygamy in which a man has more than one wife.
Polyhedron	solid figure with many
Polyhedron	faces.
Polymath	Person of great or varied learning.
Polymer	Compound of one or more large molecules formed from repeated units of smaller molecules.
Polymer	Polymerize
Polymer	. Polymerization
Polymorphous	passing through various forms in successive stages of development.
Polynomial	Expression of more than two algebraic terms.
Polynomial	Of or being a polynomial.
Polyp	simple organism with a tube-shaped body.
Polyp	small usu. Benign growth on a mucous membrane.
Polyphony	Contrapuntal music.
Polypropylene	Any polymer of propylene, including thermoplastic materials used for films, fibres, or moulding materials.
Polysaccharide	Any of a group of complex carbohydrates, e.g. Starch.
Polystyrene	polymer of styrene, a kind of hard plastic, often foamed for packaging.
Polysyllabic	having many syllables.
Polysyllabic	using words of many syllables.
Polysyllable	Polysyllabic word.
Polytechnic	College offering courses in many
Polytechnic	subjects up to degree level.
Polytechnic	Giving instruction in various vocational or technical subjects.
Polytheism	Belief in or worship of more than one god.
Polytheism	Polytheistic
Polythene	tough light plastic.
Polyunsaturated	having a chemical structure capable of further reaction and not contributing to the accumulation of cholesterol in the blood.
Polyurethane	Synthetic resin or plastic used esp. In paints or foam.
Polyvinyl chloride	vinyl plastic used for electrical insulation or as a fabric etc.; pvc.
Pom	Austral.
Pom	offens.
Pomace	Crushed apples in cider-making.
Pomade	Scented ointment for the hair and head.
Pomander	ball of mixed aromatic substances.
Pomander	container for this.
Pomegranate	tropical fruit with a tough rind, reddish pulp, and many seeds.
Pomegranate	tree bearing this.
Pomelo	us
Pommel	knob, esp. At the end of a sword-hilt.
Pommel	upward projecting front of a saddle.
Pommy	austral.
Pommy	offens. British person, esp.
Pommy	recent immigrant.
Pomp	splendid display; splendour.
Pomp	specious glory.
Pom-pom	Automatic quick-firing gun.
Pompon	ornamental tuft or bobble on a hat, shoes, etc.
Pompon	(often
Pompon	) Dahlia etc. With small tightly-clustered petals.
Pompous	Self-important, affectedly grand or solemn.
Pompous	. Pompously
Pompous	Pompousness
Ponce	man who lives off a prostitute's earnings; pimp.
Ponce	offens. Homosexual or effeminate man.
Ponce	act as a ponce.
Poncho	cloak of a usu. Blanket-like piece of cloth with a slit in the middle for the head.
Pond	Small body of still water.
Ponder	think over; consider.
Ponder	muse, be deep in thought.
Ponderable	Literary having appreciable weight or significance.
Ponderous	slow and awkward, esp. Because of great weight.
Ponderous	Laborious; dull.
Ponderous	Ponderousness
Pondweed	Aquatic plant growing in still water.
Pong	Stink.
Poniard	Dagger.
Pontiff	Pope.
Pontifical	papal.
Pontifical	pompously dogmatic.
Pontificate	be pompously dogmatic.
Pontificate	play the pontiff.
Pontificate	office of a bishop or pope.
Pontificate	period of this.
Pontoon1	Card-game in which players try to acquire cards with a face value totalling
Pontoon2	flat-bottomed boat.
Pontoon2	each of several boats etc. Used to support a temporary bridge.
Pony	horse of any small breed.
Pony-tail	Hair drawn back, tied, and hanging down behind the head.
Pony-trekking	Travelling across country on ponies for pleasure.
Poodle	dog of a breed with a curly coat that is usually clipped.
Poodle	servile follower.
Poof	offens. Effeminate or homosexual man.
Pooh	Expressing impatience, contempt, or disgust at a bad smell.
Pooh-pooh	Express contempt for, ridicule.
Pool1	small body of still water.
Pool1	small shallow body of any liquid.
Pool1	swimming-pool.
Pool1	deep place in a river.
Pool2	a common supply of persons, vehicles, commodities, etc. For sharing by a group of people.
Pool2	group of persons sharing duties etc.
Pool2	common fund, e.g. Of profits of separate firms or of players' stakes in gambling.
Pool2	arrangement between competing parties to fix prices and share business.
Pool2	us a game on a billiard-table with usu.
Pool2	6 balls.
Pool2	game on a billiard-table in which each player has a ball of a different colour with which he or she tries to pocket the others in fixed order, the winner taking all of the stakes.
Pool2	put into a common fund.
Pool2	share in common.
Pools	pl.
Poop	Stern of a ship; the deck which is furthest aft and highest.
Poor	without enough money to live comfortably.
Poor	deficient in
Poor	a scanty, inadequate.
Poor	less good than is usual or expected
Poor	paltry; inferior
Poor	deserving pity or sympathy; unfortunate
Poor	spiritless, despicable.
Poorhouse	Hist.
Poor law	Hist. Law concerning public support of the poor.
Poorly	In a poor manner, badly.
Poorly	Unwell.
Poor relation	Inferior or subordinate member of a family etc.
Pop1	sudden sharp explosive sound as of a cork when drawn.
Pop1	Effervescent drink.
Pop1	make a pop.
Pop1	Go, move, come, or put unexpectedly or abruptly
Pop1	pawn.
Pop1	With the sound of a pop
Pop1	Die. Pop the question
Pop1	Propose marriage.
Pop2	highly successful commercial music, esp. Since the
Pop2	950s.
Pop2	Of or relating to pop music
Pop2	pop record or song
Pop3	Esp. Us
Pop3	Father.
Pop.	Population.
Pop art	Art based on modern popular culture and the mass media.
Popcorn	Maize which bursts open when heated.
Pop culture	Commercial culture based on popular taste.
Pope	head of the roman catholic church
Popery	Derog. Papal system; roman catholicism.
Pop-eyed	having bulging eyes.
Pop-eyed	wide-eyed
Popgun	Child's toy gun shooting pellets etc. By the compression of air.
Popinjay	Fop, conceited person.
Popish	Derog. Roman catholic.
Poplar	Tall slender tree with a straight trunk and often tremulous leaves.
Poplin	Plain-woven fabric usu. Of cotton, with a corded surface.
Poppadam	ind. Thin, crisp, spiced bread eaten with curry etc.
Popper	Press-stud.
Popper	thing that pops
Poppet	small or dainty person.
Popping-crease	Cricket line in front of and parallel to the wicket, within which the batsman stands.
Poppy	plant with showy esp. Scarlet flowers and a milky sap.
Poppy	artificial poppy worn on remembrance sunday.
Poppycock	nonsense.
Populace	The common people.
Popular	liked by many people.
Popular	a of or for the general public.
Popular	prevalent among the general public
Popular	Adapted to the understanding, taste, or means of the people
Popular	Popularly
Popular front	Party or coalition combining left-wing groups.
Popularize	make popular.
Popularize	present
Popularize	in a readily understandable form.
Popular music	Any music that appeals to a wide public.
Populate	inhabit, form the population of.
Populate	supply with inhabitants.
Population	inhabitants of a place, country, etc.
Population	total number of these or any group of living things.
Population explosion	Sudden large increase of population.
Populist	Politician claiming to represent the ordinary people.
Populous	Thickly inhabited.
Pop-up	Involving parts that pop up automatically
Porcelain	hard fine translucent ceramic with a transparent glaze.
Porcelain	objects made of this.
Porch	Covered entrance to a building.
Porcine	Of or like pigs.
Porcupine	Rodent with a body and tail covered with erectile spines.
Pore1	Esp. Biol. Minute opening in a surface through which fluids etc. May pass.
Pore2	be absorbed in studying
Pore2	meditate on.
Pork	Flesh
Pork	of a pig, used as food.
Porker	Pig raised for food.
Pork pie	Pie of minced pork etc. Eaten cold.
Pork pie hat	Hat with a flat crown and a brim turned up all round.
Porky	Fat.
Porky	of or like pork.
Porn	Pornography.
Porn	Pornographic.
Pornography	explicit representation of sexual activity in literature, films, etc., intended to stimulate erotic rather than aesthetic or emotional feelings.
Pornography	literature etc. Containing this.
Porous	full of pores.
Porous	letting through air, water, etc.
Porphyry	hard rock composed of crystals of white or red feldspar in a red matrix.
Porpoise	Sea mammal of the whale family, with a blunt rounded snout.
Porridge	dish of oatmeal or cereal boiled in water or milk.
Porridge	imprisonment.
Porringer	Small bowl, often with a handle, for soup etc.
Port1	harbour.
Port1	town possessing a harbour.
Port2	kind of sweet fortified wine.
Port3	Left-hand side of a ship or aircraft looking forward.
Port3	Turn
Port3	to port.
Port4	opening in the side of a ship for entrance, loading, etc.
Port4	porthole.
Portable	easily movable, convenient for carrying.
Portable	Capable of being transferred or adapted in altered circumstances
Portable	Portable version of an item, e.g.
Portable	television.
Portage	carrying of boats or goods overland between two navigable waters.
Portage	place where this is necessary.
Portage	convey
Portage	over a portage.
Portakabin	Propr. Prefabricated room or small building.
Portal	Doorway or gate etc., esp. An elaborate one.
Portcullis	Strong heavy grating lowered to block a gateway in a fortress etc.
Portend	foreshadow as an omen.
Portend	give warning of.
Portent	omen, significant sign of something to come.
Portent	prodigy; marvellous thing.
Portentous	like or being a portent.
Portentous	pompously solemn.
Porter1	person employed to carry luggage etc.
Porter1	dark beer brewed from charred or browned malt.
Porter2	Gatekeeper or doorman, esp. Of a large building.
Porterage	hire of porters.
Porterage	charge for this.
Porterhouse steak	Choice cut of beef.
Portfolio	a folder for loose sheets of paper, drawings, etc.
Portfolio	samples of an artist's work.
Portfolio	range of investments held by a person, company, etc.
Portfolio	office of a minister of state
Porthole	Aperture
Porthole	in a ship's side for letting in light.
Portico	colonnade; roof supported by columns at regular intervals, usu. Attached as a porch to a building.
Portion	part or share.
Portion	amount of food allotted to one person.
Portion	one's destiny or lot.
Portion	divide
Portion	into portions.
Portion	distribute.
Portland cement	Cement manufactured from chalk and clay.
Portland stone	Building limestone from the isle of portland.
Portly	corpulent; stout.
Portmanteau	trunk for clothes etc., opening into two equal parts.
Portmanteau word	Word combining the sounds and meanings of two others
Port of call	Place where a ship or a person stops on a journey.
Portrait	drawing, painting, photograph, etc. Of a person or animal, esp. Of the face.
Portrait	description in words.
Portraiture	making portraits.
Portraiture	description in words.
Portraiture	portrait.
Portray	make a likeness of.
Portray	describe in words.
Portray	Portrayer
Portuguese	a native or national of portugal.
Portuguese	person of portuguese descent.
Portuguese	language of portugal.
Portuguese	Of portugal, its people, or language.
Portuguese man-of-war	jellyfish with a large crest and poisonous sting.
Pose	assume a certain attitude of the body, esp. When being photographed or painted.
Pose	pretend to be
Pose	behave affectedly to impress others.
Pose	put forward or present
Pose	place
Pose	In a certain attitude.
Pose	attitude of body or mind.
Pose	affectation, pretence.
Poser	poseur.
Poser	Puzzling question or problem.
Poseur	Person who behaves affectedly.
Posh	Smart; upper-class.
Posh	In an upper-class way
Posh	Poshness
Posit	assume as a fact, postulate.
Position	place occupied by a person or thing.
Position	way in which a thing or its parts are placed or arranged.
Position	proper place
Position	advantage
Position	attitude; view on a question.
Position	situation in relation to others
Position	rank, status; social standing.
Position	paid employment.
Position	place where troops etc. Are posted for strategical purposes.
Position	Place in position.
Positive	explicit; definite, unquestionable
Positive	convinced, confident, or overconfident in an opinion.
Positive	a absolute; not relative. B
Positive	expressing a simple quality without comparison.
Positive	Downright
Positive	constructive
Positive	marked by the presence and not absence of qualities
Positive	esp. Philos. Dealing only with matters of fact; practical.
Positive	tending in a direction naturally or arbitrarily taken as that of increase or progress.
Positive	greater than zero.
Positive	0 electr. Of, containing, or producing the kind of electrical charge produced by rubbing glass with silk; lacking electrons.
Positive	showing lights and shades or colours unreversed.
Positive	Positive adjective, photograph, quantity, etc.
Positive	Positiveness
Positive discrimination	Practice of making distinctions in favour of groups considered to be underprivileged.
Positive vetting	Inquiry into the background etc. Of a candidate for a post involving national security.
Positivism	Philosophical system recognizing only facts and observable phenomena.
Positron	Physics elementary particle with the same mass as but opposite
Positron	charge to an electron.
Posse	strong force or company.
Posse	body of law-enforcers.
Possess	hold as property; own.
Possess	have
Possess	occupy or dominate the mind of
Possession	possessing or being possessed.
Possession	thing possessed.
Possession	holding or occupancy.
Possession	law power or control similar to ownership but which may exist separately from it
Possession	(in
Possession	) Property, wealth, subject territory, etc.
Possession	football etc. Control of the ball by a player.
Possessive	wanting to retain what one has, reluctant to share.
Possessive	jealous and domineering.
Possessive	Indicating possession.
Possessive	Case of nouns and pronouns expressing possession.
Possibility	state or fact of being possible.
Possibility	thing that may exist or happen.
Possibility	(usu. In
Possibility	) Capability of being used; potential
Possible	capable of existing, happening, being done, etc.
Possible	potential
Possible	possible candidate, member of a team, etc.
Possible	highest possible score, esp. In shooting.
Possibly	perhaps.
Possibly	in accordance with possibility
Possum	austral.
Possum	Marsupial resembling an american opossum.
Possum	Pretend to be unconscious; feign ignorance.
Post1	long stout piece of timber or metal set upright in the ground etc. To support something, mark a position or boundary, etc.
Post1	pole etc. Marking the start or finish of a race.
Post1	attach
Post1	In a prominent place.
Post1	announce or advertise by poster or list.
Post2	official conveyance of parcels, letters, etc.
Post2	single collection or delivery of these; the letters etc. Dispatched
Post2	place where letters etc.
Post2	official conveyance of parcels, letters, etc.
Post2	single collection or delivery of these; the letters etc. Dispatched
Post2	place where letters etc. Are collected
Post2	put
Post2	In the post.
Post2	(esp. As posted
Post2	supply with information
Post2	a enter
Post2	in a ledger.
Post2	complete
Post2	in this way.
Post3	place where a soldier is stationed or which he or she patrols.
Post3	place of duty.
Post3	a position taken up by a body of soldiers.
Post3	force occupying this.
Post3	fort.
Post3	job, paid employment.
Post3	place
Post3	appoint to a post or command.
Post- 	after, behind.
Postage	Charge for sending a letter etc. By post.
Postage stamp	Official stamp affixed to a letter etc., showing the amount of postage paid.
Postal	Of or by post.
Postal order	Money order issued by the post office.
Postbox	Public box for posting mail.
Postcard	Card for sending by post without an envelope.
Postcode	Group of letters and figures in a postal address to assist sorting.
Post-coital	Formal occurring after sexual intercourse.
Postdate	give a date later than the actual one to
Postdate	follow in time.
Poster	placard in a public place.
Poster	large printed picture.
Poste restante	Department in a post office where letters are kept till called for.
Posterior	later; coming after.
Posterior	at the back.
Posterior	(in sing. Or
Posterior	) Buttocks.
Posterity	succeeding generations.
Posterity	person's descendants.
Postern	back door; side way or entrance.
Poster paint	Gummy opaque paint.
Post-free	Carried by post free of charge, or with postage prepaid.
Postgraduate	Person engaged in a course of study after taking a first degree.
Postgraduate	Of or concerning postgraduates.
Post-haste	With great speed.
Posthumous	occurring after death.
Posthumous	Published after the author's death.
Posthumous	born after the death of its father.
Postilion	person riding on the near horse of a team drawing a coach when there is no coachman.
Post-impressionism	Art intending to express the individual artist's conception of the objects represented.
Post-industrial	Of a society or economy which no longer relies on heavy industry.
Postman	person employed to deliver and collect letters etc.
Postmark	Official mark on a letter, giving the place, date, etc., and cancelling the stamp.
Postmark	Mark
Postmark	With this.
Postmaster	official in charge of a post office.
Post-modern	Of the movement reacting against modernism, esp. By drawing attention to former conventions.
Post-modern	Post-modernist
Post-mortem	examination made after death, esp. To determine its cause.
Post-mortem	Discussion after a game, election, etc.
Post-mortem	After death.
Postnatal	Of the period after childbirth.
Post office	public department or corporation responsible for postal services.
Post office	room or building where postal business is carried on.
Post-office box	Numbered place in a post office where letters are kept until called for.
Post-paid	On which postage has been paid.
Postpone	cause or arrange
Postpone	To take place at a later time.
Postprandial	Formal or joc. After dinner or lunch.
Postscript	Additional paragraph or remark, usu. At the end of a letter after the signature and introduced by ‘ps’.
Postulant	Candidate, esp. For admission to a religious order.
Postulate	assume as a necessary condition, esp. As a basis for reasoning; take for granted.
Postulate	claim.
Postulate	thing postulated.
Postulate	prerequisite or condition.
Posture	relative position of parts, esp. Of the body; carriage, bearing.
Posture	mental attitude.
Posture	condition or state
Posture	assume a mental or physical attitude, esp. For effect.
Posture	pose
Postwar	Occurring or existing after a war.
Posy	small bunch of flowers.
Pot1	rounded ceramic, metal, or glass vessel for holding liquids or solids or for cooking in.
Pot1	flowerpot, teapot, etc.
Pot1	contents of a pot.
Pot1	chamber-pot; child's potty.
Pot1	total amount bet in a game etc.
Pot1	(usu. In
Pot1	Large sum
Pot1	silver cup etc. As a trophy.
Pot1	place in a pot.
Pot1	(usu. As potted
Pot1	) Preserve in a sealed pot
Pot1	pocket
Pot1	in billiards etc.
Pot1	abridge or epitomize.
Pot1	shoot at, hit, or kill
Pot1	with a pot-shot.
Pot1	seize or secure.
Pot1	Deteriorate; be ruined.
Pot2	marijuana.
Potable	Drinkable.
Potage	Thick soup.
Potash	An alkaline potassium compound.
Potassium	Soft silver-white metallic element.
Potation	a drink.
Potation	drinking.
Potato	starchy plant tuber used for food.
Potato	plant bearing this.
Pot-belly	protruding stomach.
Pot-belly	person with this.
Pot-boiler	Piece of art, writing, etc. Done merely to earn money.
Pot-bound	with roots filling the flowerpot, leaving no room to expand.
Poteen	Ir. Illicit alcoholic spirit.
Potent	powerful; strong.
Potent	cogent; forceful.
Potent	capable of sexual erection or orgasm.
Potentate	Monarch or ruler.
Potential	Capable of coming into being or action; latent.
Potential	capacity for use or development.
Potential	usable resources.
Potential	physics quantity determining the energy of mass in a gravitational field or of charge in an electric field.
Potential	Potentially
Potential difference	Difference of electric potential between two points.
Pother	Literary noise, commotion, fuss.
Pot-herb	Herb grown in a kitchen garden.
Pothole	deep hole or cave system in rock.
Pothole	hole in a road surface.
Pothole	Potholing
Pot-hook	hook over a hearth for hanging or lifting a pot.
Pot-hook	curved stroke in handwriting.
Pot-hunter	person who hunts for game at random.
Pot-hunter	person who competes merely for the prize.
Potion	Dose of a liquid medicine, drug, poison, etc.
Pot luck	Whatever is available.
Pot plant	Plant grown in a flowerpot.
Pot-pourri	scented mixture of dried petals and spices.
Pot-pourri	musical or literary medley.
Pot roast	Piece of meat cooked slowly in a covered dish.
Potsherd	Esp. Archaeol. Broken piece of ceramic material.
Pot-shot	random shot.
Pot-shot	casual attempt.
Pottage	soup, stew.
Potter1	work or occupy oneself in a desultory manner.
Potter1	go slowly, dawdle, loiter
Potter2	Maker of ceramic vessels.
Potter's wheel	Horizontal revolving disc to carry clay during moulding.
Pottery	vessels etc. Made of fired clay.
Pottery	potter's work.
Pottery	potter's workshop.
Potting shed	Shed in which plants are potted and tools etc. Are stored.
Potty1	foolish, crazy.
Potty1	insignificant, trivial.
Potty2	Chamber-pot, esp. For a child.
Pouch	small bag or detachable outside pocket.
Pouch	baggy area of skin under the eyes etc.
Pouch	a pocket-like receptacle of marsupials.
Pouch	similar structure in various animals, e.g. In the cheeks of rodents.
Pouch	put or make into a pouch.
Pouch	take possession of; pocket.
Pouffe	Large firm cushion used as a low seat or footstool.
Poult	Young domestic fowl, turkey, pheasant, etc.
Poulterer	Dealer in poultry and usu. Game.
Poultice	Soft medicated usu. Heated mass applied to the body and kept in place with muslin etc., to relieve soreness and inflammation.
Poultice	apply a poultice to.
Poultry	Domestic fowls
Poultry	, esp. As a source of food.
Pounce	spring or swoop, esp. As in capturing prey.
Pounce	a make a sudden attack.
Pounce	seize eagerly upon a remark etc.
Pounce	Act of pouncing.
Pound1	unit of weight equal to
Pound1	6 oz avoirdupois
Pound1	2 oz troy
Pound1	chief monetary unit of the uk etc.
Pound2	crush or beat with repeated blows.
Pound2	deliver heavy blows or gunfire.
Pound2	Make one's way heavily or clumsily.
Pound2	beat heavily.
Pound3	Enclosure where stray animals or officially removed vehicles are kept until claimed.
Poundage	Commission or fee of so much per pound sterling or weight.
Pound coin	coin or note worth one pound.
Pounder	(usu. In
Pounder	thing or person weighing a specified number of pounds
Pounder	gun firing a shell of a specified number of pounds.
Pound of flesh	Any legal but morally offensive demand.
Pour	Flow or cause to flow esp. Downwards in a stream or shower.
Pour	dispense
Pour	by pouring.
Pour	rain heavily.
Pour	Come or go in profusion or rapid succession
Pour	discharge or send freely.
Pour	utter at length or in a rush
Pourboire	Gratuity, tip.
Pout	push the lips forward as a sign of displeasure or sulking.
Pout	be pushed forward.
Pout	This action.
Pouter	kind of pigeon that is able to inflate its crop.
Poverty	being poor; want.
Poverty	scarcity or lack.
Poverty	inferiority, poorness.
Poverty line	Minimum income needed for the necessities of life.
Poverty-stricken	Very poor.
Poverty trap	Situation in which an increase of income incurs a loss of state benefits, making real improvement impossible.
Pow	Prisoner of war.
Pow	Expressing the sound of a blow or explosion.
Powder	mass of fine dry particles.
Powder	medicine or cosmetic in this form.
Powder	apply powder to.
Powder	(esp. As powdered
Powder	) Reduce to a fine powder
Powder blue	(as
Powder blue	Often hyphenated) pale blue.
Powder-puff	Soft pad for applying powder to the skin, esp. The face.
Powder-room	Euphem. Women's lavatory in a public building.
Power	ability to do or act.
Power	particular faculty of body or mind.
Power	a influence, authority.
Power	ascendancy, control
Power	authorization; delegated authority.
Power	influential person, body, or thing.
Power	state having international influence.
Power	vigour, energy.
Power	active property or function
Power	Large number or amount
Power	0 capacity for exerting mechanical force or doing work
Power	1 (often
Power	) Mechanical or electrical energy as distinct from manual labour.
Power	2 a electricity supply.
Power	particular source or form of energy
Power	3 physics rate of energy output.
Power	4 product obtained when a number is multiplied by itself a certain number of times (2 to the power of
Power	5 magnifying capacity of a lens.
Power	6 deity.
Power	supply with mechanical or electrical energy.
Power	increase or decrease the power supplied to
Power	; switch on or off.
Powerboat	Powerful motor boat.
Power cut	Temporary withdrawal or failure of an electric power supply.
Powerful	Having much power or influence.
Powerful	Powerfulness
Powerhouse	person or thing of great energy.
Powerless	without power.
Powerless	wholly unable.
Power line	Conductor supplying electrical power, esp. One supported by pylons or poles.
Power of attorney	Authority to act for another person in legal and financial matters.
Powerplant	Installation which provides power.
Power point	Socket in a wall etc. For connecting an electrical device to the mains.
Power-sharing	Coalition government, esp. As preferred on principle.
Power station	Building where electrical power is generated for distribution.
Powwow	Meeting for discussion (orig. Among
Powwow	American indians).
Powwow	Hold a powwow.
Pox	virus disease leaving pock-marks.
Poxy	infected by pox.
Poxy	of poor quality; worthless.
Pp	Pianissimo.
Pp.	Pages.
P.p.	per pro.
Ppm	Parts per million.
Pps	parliamentary private secretary.
Pps	additional postscript.
Pr	public relations.
Pr	proportional representation.
Pr	Praseodymium.
Pr.	Pair.
Practicable	that can be done or used.
Practicable	possible in practice.
Practical	of or concerned with practice rather than theory
Practical	suited to use; functional
Practical	good at making, organizing, or mending things.
Practical	sensible, realistic.
Practical	that is such in effect, virtual
Practical	Practical examination or lesson.
Practical joke	Humorous trick played on a person.
Practically	virtually, almost.
Practically	in a practical way.
Practice	habitual action or performance.
Practice	a repeated activity undertaken in order to improve a skill.
Practice	session of this.
Practice	action as opposed to theory.
Practice	the work, business, or place of business of a doctor, lawyer, etc.
Practice	procedure, esp. Of a specified kind
Practice	Us var. Of *practise.
Practice	when actually applied; in reality.
Practice	skilful from recent practice. Out of practice lacking a former skill from lack of practice.
Practise	perform habitually; carry out in action.
Practise	do repeatedly as an exercise to improve a skill; exercise oneself in or on
Practise	(as practised
Practise	) Experienced, expert.
Practise	Be engaged in
Practitioner	Person practising a profession, esp. Medicine.
Praenomen	Ancient roman's first or personal name
Praetor	Ancient roman magistrate below consul.
Praetorian guard	Bodyguard of the ancient roman emperor.
Pragmatic	Dealing with matters from a practical point of view.
Pragmatism	pragmatic attitude or procedure.
Pragmatism	philosophy that evaluates assertions solely by their practical consequences and bearing on human interests.
Prairie	Large area of treeless grassland, esp. In
Prairie	America.
Prairie dog	American rodent making a barking sound.
Prairie oyster	Seasoned raw egg, swallowed without breaking the yolk.
Praise	express warm approval or admiration of.
Praise	glorify
Praise	in words.
Praise	Praising; commendation.
Praiseworthy	Worthy of praise.
Praline	Sweet made by browning nuts in boiling sugar.
Pram	Four-wheeled conveyance for a baby, pushed by a person on foot.
Prance	raise the forelegs and spring from the hind legs.
Prance	walk or behave in an elated or arrogant manner.
Prance	Prancing, prancing movement.
Prang	crash
Prang	damage by impact.
Prang	bomb
Prang	successfully.
Prang	Act of pranging.
Prank	Practical joke; piece of mischief.
Prankster	Practical joker.
Praseodymium	Soft silvery metallic element of the lanthanide series.
Prat	fool.
Prat	buttocks.
Prate	chatter; talk too much.
Prate	talk foolishly or irrelevantly.
Prate	Prating; idle talk.
Prattle	chatter in a childish or inconsequential way.
Prattle	Childish or inconsequential chatter.
Prawn	Edible shellfish like a large shrimp.
Pray	say prayers; make devout supplication.
Pray	a entreat.
Pray	ask earnestly
Pray	please
Prayer1	a request or thanksgiving to god or an object of worship.
Prayer1	formula used in praying
Prayer1	act of praying.
Prayer1	religious service consisting largely of prayers
Prayer1	entreaty to a person.
Prayer2	Person who prays.
Prayer-book	Book of set prayers.
Prayer-mat	Small carpet on which muslims kneel to pray.
Prayer-wheel	Revolving cylindrical box inscribed with or containing prayers, used esp. By tibetan buddhists.
Pre- 	before
Preach	Deliver
Preach	; proclaim or expound
Preach	give moral advice in an obtrusive way.
Preach	advocate or inculcate
Preamble	preliminary statement.
Preamble	introductory part of a statute or deed etc.
Preamplifier	Electronic device that amplifies a weak signal
Preamplifier	and transmits it to a main amplifier.
Prearrange	arrange beforehand.
Prebend	stipend of a canon or member of chapter.
Prebend	portion of land or tithe from which this is drawn.
Prebendary	holder of a prebend; honorary canon.
Precarious	uncertain; dependent on chance.
Precarious	insecure, perilous.
Precarious	Precariousness
Precast	cast in its final shape before positioning.
Precaution	Action taken beforehand to avoid risk or ensure a good result.
Precede	come or go before in time, order, importance, etc.
Precede	cause to be preceded.
Precedence	priority in time, order, importance, etc.
Precedence	right of preceding others.
Precedent	Previous case etc. Taken as a guide for subsequent cases or as a justification.
Precedent	Preceding in time, order, importance, etc.
Precentor	Person who leads the singing or
Precentor	the prayers of a congregation.
Precept	rule or guide, esp. For conduct.
Precept	lawful demand, esp. From one authority to another to levy rates.
Preceptor	Teacher, instructor.
Precession	Slow movement of the axis of a spinning body around another axis.
Precession of the equinoxes	slow retrograde motion of equinoctial points along the ecliptic.
Precession of the equinoxes	resulting earlier occurrence of equinoxes in each successive sidereal year.
Pre-christian	Before christianity.
Precinct	enclosed area, e.g. Around a cathedral, college, etc.
Precinct	designated area in a town, esp. Where traffic is excluded.
Precinct	(in
Precinct	) Environs.
Preciosity	Affected refinement in art etc., esp. In the choice of words.
Precious	of great value or worth.
Precious	beloved; much prized
Precious	affectedly refined.
Precious	Often iron.
Precious	considerable
Precious	expressing contempt or disdain
Precious	Extremely, very
Precious metals	pl. Gold, silver, and platinum.
Precious stone	Piece of mineral of great value, esp. As used in jewellery.
Precipice	vertical or steep face of a rock, cliff, mountain, etc.
Precipice	dangerous situation.
Precipitate	hasten the occurrence of; cause to occur prematurely.
Precipitate	send rapidly into a certain state or condition
Precipitate	throw down headlong.
Precipitate	chem. Cause
Precipitate	to be deposited in solid form from a solution.
Precipitate	physics condense
Precipitate	into drops and so deposit it.
Precipitate	headlong; violently hurried
Precipitation	precipitating or being precipitated.
Precipitation	rash haste.
Precipitation	a rain or snow etc. Falling to the ground.
Precipitation	quantity of this.
Precipitous	a of or like a precipice.
Precipitous	dangerously steep.
Précis	summary, abstract.
Précis	make a précis of.
Precise	a accurately expressed.
Precise	definite, exact.
Precise	punctilious; scrupulous in being exact.
Precisely	in a precise manner; exactly.
Precisely	quite so, as you say.
Precision	accuracy.
Precision	degree of refinement in measurement etc.
Precision	Marked by or adapted for precision
Preclinical	Of the first, chiefly theoretical, stage of a medical education.
Preclude	prevent.
Preclude	make impossible.
Precocious	often derog. (of esp.
Precocious	child) prematurely developed in some respect.
Precocious	Indicating such development.
Precocious	Precociousness
Precocious	Precocity
Precognition	Supposed foreknowledge, esp. Of a supernatural kind.
Preconceive	form
Preconceive	Beforehand.
Preconception	Preconceived idea, prejudice.
Precondition	Condition that must be fulfilled in advance.
Precursor	a forerunner.
Precursor	person who precedes in office etc.
Precursor	harbinger.
Predate	precede in time.
Predator	Predatory animal.
Predatory	preying naturally upon others.
Predatory	plundering or exploiting others.
Predecease	die earlier than
Predecessor	former holder of an office or position with respect to a later holder.
Predecessor	ancestor.
Predecessor	thing to which another has succeeded.
Predestine	determine beforehand.
Predestine	ordain in advance by divine will or as if by fate.
Predetermine	decree beforehand.
Predetermine	predestine.
Predicament	Difficult or unpleasant situation.
Predicate	Assert
Predicate	about the subject of a proposition.
Predicate	found or base
Predicate	On.
Predicate	logic what is said about the subject of a sentence or proposition etc.
Predicate	Predication
Predicative	forming or contained in the predicate, as old in the dog is old.
Predicative	that predicates.
Predict	foretell, prophesy.
Predictable	That can be predicted or is to be expected.
Predictable	Predictably
Prediction	predicting or being predicted.
Prediction	thing predicted.
Predilection	preference or special liking.
Predispose	influence favourably in advance.
Predispose	Render liable or inclined beforehand.
Predominant	predominating.
Predominant	being the strongest or main element.
Predominant	Predominantly
Predominate	have control.
Predominate	be superior.
Predominate	be the strongest or main element.
Pre-echo	faint copy heard just before an actual sound in a recording, caused by the accidental transfer of signals.
Pre-echo	foreshadowing.
Pre-embryo	potential human embryo in the first fourteen days after fertilization.
Pre-eminent	excelling others.
Pre-eminent	outstanding.
Pre-eminent	Pre-eminently
Pre-empt	a forestall.
Pre-empt	appropriate in advance.
Pre-empt	obtain by pre-emption.
Pre-emption	Purchase or taking by one person or party before the opportunity is offered to others.
Pre-emptive	pre-empting.
Pre-emptive	intended to prevent attack by disabling the enemy.
Preen	tidy
Preen	with its beak.
Preen	smarten or admire
Preen	congratulate or pride
Prefab	Prefabricated building.
Prefabricate	manufacture sections of
Prefabricate	Prior to their assembly on site.
Preface	introduction to a book stating its subject, scope, etc.
Preface	preliminary part of a speech.
Preface	introduce or begin
Preface	provide
Preface	With a preface.
Preface	Lead up to
Prefect	chief administrative officer of a district, esp. In france.
Prefect	senior pupil in a school, helping to maintain discipline.
Prefecture	district under the government of a prefect.
Prefecture	prefect's office or tenure.
Prefer	Like better
Prefer	submit
Prefer	For consideration.
Prefer	promote or advance
Preferable	To be preferred; more desirable.
Preference	preferring or being preferred.
Preference	thing preferred.
Preference	favouring of one person etc. Before others.
Preference	prior right, esp. To the payment of debts.
Preference shares	pl. (also preference stock
Preference shares	sing.) Shares or stock whose entitlement to dividend takes precedence over that of ordinary shares.
Preferential	of or involving preference.
Preferential	giving or receiving a favour.
Preferment	Formal promotion to a higher office.
Prefigure	Formal
Prefigure	represent or imagine beforehand.
Prefix	verbal element placed at the beginning of a word to qualify its meaning
Prefix	title before a name
Prefix	add as an introduction.
Prefix	join
Prefix	as a
Pregnant	having a child or young developing in the uterus.
Pregnant	full of meaning; significant; suggestive
Preheat	Heat beforehand.
Prehensile	Zool.
Prehensile	capable of grasping.
Prehistoric	of the period before written records.
Prehistoric	Utterly out of date.
Prejudge	form a premature judgement on
Prejudice	a preconceived opinion.
Prejudice	bias, partiality.
Prejudice	harm that results or may result from some action or judgement
Prejudicial	causing prejudice; detrimental.
Prelacy	church government by prelates.
Prelacy	prelates collectively.
Prelacy	office or rank of prelate.
Prelate	High ecclesiastical dignitary, e.g.
Prelate	bishop.
Prelim	preliminary university examination.
Prelim	(in
Prelim	) Pages preceding the main text of a book.
Preliminary	Introductory, preparatory.
Preliminary	(usu. In
Preliminary	preliminary action or arrangement
Preliminary	preliminary trial or contest.
Prelude	action, event, or situation serving as an introduction.
Prelude	introductory part of a poem etc.
Prelude	introductory piece to a fugue, suite, etc.
Prelude	short piece of a similar type.
Prelude	serve as a prelude to.
Prelude	introduce with a prelude.
Premarital	Existing or
Premarital	occurring before marriage.
Premature	a occurring or done before the usual or proper time
Premature	too hasty.
Premature	born
Premature	before the end of gestation.
Premedication	Medication to prepare for an operation etc.
Premeditate	think out or plan beforehand
Premenstrual	Of the time shortly before each menstruation
Premier	Prime minister or other head of government.
Premier	First in importance, order, or time.
Première	First performance or showing of a play or film.
Première	give a première of.
Premise	logic
Premise	(in
Premise	house or other building with its grounds, outbuildings, etc.
Premise	law houses, lands, or tenements previously specified in a document etc.
Premiss	Logic previous statement from which another is inferred.
Premium	amount to be paid for a contract of insurance.
Premium	sum added to interest, wages, price, etc.
Premium	reward or prize.
Premium	of the best quality and therefore more expensive.
Premium	highly valued; above the usual or nominal price.
Premium	scarce and in demand.
Premium bond	government security without interest but with a draw for cash prizes.
Premolar	tooth between the canines and molars.
Premonition	Forewarning; presentiment.
Prenatal	Of the period before childbirth.
Preoccupy	Dominate the mind of
Preoccupy	to the exclusion of all else.
Preoccupy	(as preoccupied
Preoccupy	) Otherwise engrossed; mentally distracted.
Preordain	Ordain or determine beforehand.
Prep	homework, esp. In boarding-schools.
Prep	period when this is done.
Prepack	pack
Prepack	on the site of production or before retail.
Preparation	preparing or being prepared.
Preparation	(often in
Preparation	) Something done to make ready.
Preparation	specially prepared substance.
Preparatory	serving to prepare; introductory.
Preparatory	in a preparatory manner
Preparatory school	Private primary school or us secondary school.
Prepare	make or get ready for use, consideration, etc.
Prepare	assemble
Prepare	a make
Prepare	ready or disposed in some way
Prepare	get ready
Preparedness	Readiness, esp. For war.
Prepay	(past and
Prepay	Prepaid)
Prepay	pay
Prepay	in advance.
Prepay	pay postage on
Prepay	Before posting.
Preplan	plan in advance.
Preponderate	be greater in influence, quantity, or number; predominate.
Preponderate	Preponderant
Preposition	Word governing
Preposition	a noun or pronoun and expressing a relation to another word, as in: ‘the man on the platform’, ‘came after dinner’, ‘went by train’.
Prepossess	Take possession of
Prepossess	a prejudice
Prepossess	(as prepossessing
Prepossess	) Attractive, appealing.
Preposterous	utterly absurd; outrageous.
Preposterous	contrary to nature, reason, or sense.
Preppy	Student of an expensive private school or similar-looking person.
Prepuce	fold of skin surrounding the clitoris.
Pre-raphaelite	Member of a group of
Pre-raphaelite	9th-c. Artists emulating italian art before the time of raphael.
Pre-raphaelite	of the pre-raphaelites.
Pre-raphaelite	like a type painted by the pre-raphaelites
Pre-record	Record
Pre-record	in advance.
Prerequisite	Required as a precondition.
Prerequisite	Prerequisite thing.
Prerogative	Right or privilege exclusive to an individual or class.
Pres.	President.
Presage	omen, portent.
Presage	presentiment, foreboding.
Presage	portend, foreshadow.
Presage	give warning of
Presage	By natural means.
Presage	predict or have a presentiment of.
Presbyopia	Long-sightedness caused by loss of elasticity of the eye lens, occurring esp. In middle and old age.
Presbyter	minister of the second order; priest.
Presbyter	elder.
Presbyterian	governed by elders all of equal rank, esp. With ref. To the church of scotland.
Presbyterian	Member of a presbyterian church.
Presbytery	eastern part of a chancel.
Presbytery	body of presbyters, esp.
Presbytery	court next above a kirk-session.
Presbytery	house of a roman catholic priest.
Preschool	Of the time before a child is old enough to go to school.
Prescient	Having foreknowledge or foresight.
Prescribe	a advise the use of
Prescribe	recommend, esp. As a benefit.
Prescribe	lay down or impose authoritatively.
Prescript	Ordinance, law, command.
Prescription	act of prescribing.
Prescription	a doctor's
Prescription	instruction for the supply and use of a medicine.
Prescription	medicine prescribed.
Prescriptive	prescribing, laying down rules.
Prescriptive	arising from custom.
Presence	being present.
Presence	place where a person is
Presence	person's appearance or bearing, esp. When imposing.
Presence	person or spirit that is present
Presence of mind	Calmness and quick-wittedness in sudden difficulty etc.
Present1	(usu.
Present1	) Being in the place in question.
Present1	a now existing, occurring, or being such.
Present1	now being considered etc.
Present1	Expressing an action etc. Now going on or habitually performed
Present1	the time now passing
Present1	Present tense.
Present2	introduce, offer, or exhibit for attention or consideration.
Present2	offer or give as a gift
Present2	make available to; cause to have
Present2	Put
Present2	before the public.
Present2	Introduce.
Present2	introduce
Present2	formally
Present2	reveal
Present2	exhibit
Present2	Offer or suggest itself.
Present2	deliver
Present2	For acceptance or payment.
Present2	aim
Present2	hold out
Present2	in position for aiming.
Present2	(in sense
Present2	b).
Present3	Thing given, gift.
Presentable	Of good appearance; fit to be presented.
Presentable	Presentably
Presentation	a presenting or being presented.
Presentation	thing presented.
Presentation	manner or quality of presenting.
Presentation	demonstration or display of materials, information, etc.; lecture.
Present-day	Of this time; modern.
Presentiment	Vague expectation; foreboding
Presently	soon; after a short time.
Presently	esp. Us
Presently	scot. At the present time; now.
Preservative	Substance for preserving perishable foodstuffs, wood, etc.
Preservative	Tending to preserve.
Preserve	keep safe or free from decay etc.
Preserve	maintain
Preserve	in its existing state.
Preserve	retain
Preserve	treat
Preserve	to prevent decomposition or fermentation.
Preserve	keep
Preserve	Undisturbed for private use.
Preserve	(in sing. Or
Preserve	preserved fruit; jam.
Preserve	place where game etc. Is preserved.
Preserve	sphere of activity regarded as a person's own.
Pre-set	(-tt-; past and
Pre-set	-set) set or fix
Pre-set	in advance of its operation.
Preshrunk	Treated so that it shrinks during manufacture and not in use.
Preside	be chairperson or president of a meeting etc.
Preside	exercise control or authority.
Presidency	office of president.
Presidency	period of this.
President	head of a republican state.
President	head of a society or council etc.
President	head of certain colleges.
President	us head of a university, company, etc.
President	person in charge of a meeting.
Presidium	standing committee in a communist country.
Press1	apply steady force to
Press1	a compress or squeeze a thing to flatten, shape, or smooth it.
Press1	squeeze
Press1	To extract its juice.
Press1	Squeeze
Press1	embrace or caress by squeezing
Press1	Exert pressure.
Press1	be urgent; demand immediate action.
Press1	make an insistent demand.
Press1	Crowd.
Press1	Hasten insistently.
Press1	Bear heavily on.
Press1	Urge or entreat
Press1	a urge
Press1	force
Press1	3 insist on
Press1	4 manufacture
Press1	By using pressure to shape and extract from a sheet of material.
Press1	act of pressing
Press1	device for compressing, flattening, shaping, extracting juice, etc.
Press1	a art or practice of printing.
Press1	newspapers etc. Generally or collectively.
Press1	notice or publicity in newspapers etc.
Press1	printing or publishing company.
Press1	a crowding.
Press1	crowd
Press1	the pressure of affairs.
Press1	esp. Ir.
Press1	scot. Large usu. Shelved cupboard.
Press2	hist. Force to serve in the army or navy.
Press2	bring into use as a makeshift
Press agent	Person employed to obtain advertising and press publicity.
Press conference	Interview given to a number of journalists.
Press gallery	Gallery for reporters, esp. In a legislative assembly.
Press-gang	hist. Body of men employed to press men into army or navy service.
Press-gang	any group using coercive methods.
Press-gang	Force into service.
Pressie	Present, gift.
Pressing	urgent.
Pressing	urging strongly
Pressing	thing made by pressing, e.g.
Pressing	gramophone record.
Pressing	series of these made at one time.
Pressing	act of pressing
Press release	Statement issued to newspapers.
Press-stud	Small fastening device engaged by pressing its two halves together.
Press-up	Exercise in which the prone body is raised from the ground by placing the hands on the floor and straightening the arms.
Pressure	a exertion of continuous force on or against a body by another in contact with it.
Pressure	force exerted.
Pressure	amount of this
Pressure	urgency
Pressure	affliction or difficulty
Pressure	constraining influence
Pressure	apply
Pressure	pressure to; coerce; persuade.
Pressure-cooker	Airtight pan for cooking quickly under steam pressure.
Pressure group	Group formed to influence public policy.
Pressure point	Point where an artery can be pressed against a bone to inhibit bleeding.
Pressurize	(esp. As pressurized
Pressurize	) Maintain normal atmospheric pressure in
Pressurize	At a high altitude.
Pressurize	raise to a high pressure.
Pressurize	pressure
Pressurized-water reactor	Nuclear reactor with water at high pressure as the coolant.
Prestel	Propr. Computerized visual information system operated by british telecom.
Prestidigitator	Formal conjuror.
Prestige	respect or reputation derived from achievements, power, associations, etc.
Prestige	Having or conferring prestige.
Presto	In quick tempo.
Presto	presto passage or movement.
Prestressed	strengthened by stretched wires within it.
Presumably	As may reasonably be presumed.
Presume	suppose to be true; take for granted.
Presume	take the liberty, be impudent enough
Presume	dare, venture
Presume	be presumptuous.
Presume	take advantage of or make unscrupulous use of
Presumption	arrogance, presumptuous behaviour.
Presumption	a presuming a thing to be true.
Presumption	thing that is or may be presumed to be true.
Presumption	ground for presuming.
Presumptive	Giving grounds for presumption
Presumptuous	Unduly or overbearingly confident.
Presumptuous	Presumptuousness
Presuppose	assume beforehand.
Presuppose	imply.
Pre-tax	Before deduction of taxes.
Pretence	pretending, make-believe.
Pretence	a pretext, excuse.
Pretence	false show of intentions or motives.
Pretence	claim, esp.
Pretence	false one
Pretence	display; ostentation.
Pretend	claim or assert falsely so as to deceive
Pretend	imagine to oneself in play
Pretend	(as pretended
Pretend	) Falsely claim to be such
Pretend	a lay claim to
Pretend	profess to have
Pretend	Pretended; in pretence
Pretender	Person who claims a throne, title, etc.
Pretense	pretending, make-believe.
Pretense	a pretext, excuse.
Pretense	false show of intentions or motives.
Pretense	claim, esp.
Pretense	false one
Pretense	display; ostentation.
Pretension	a assertion of a claim.
Pretension	justifiable claim.
Pretension	pretentiousness.
Pretentious	making an excessive claim to merit or importance.
Pretentious	ostentatious.
Pretentious	Pretentiousness
Preterit	Expressing a past action or state.
Preterit	Preterite tense or form.
Preterite	Expressing a past action or state.
Preterite	Preterite tense or form.
Preternatural	Extraordinary, exceptional; supernatural.
Pretext	Ostensible reason; excuse offered.
Prettify	make pretty, esp. In an affected way.
Pretty	attractive in a delicate way
Pretty	fine or good of its kind.
Pretty	iron. Considerable, fine
Pretty	Fairly, moderately.
Pretty	make pretty.
Pretty	Almost; very nearly.
Pretty	Prettiness
Pretty-pretty	Too pretty.
Pretzel	Crisp knot-shaped salted biscuit.
Prevail	be victorious or gain mastery.
Prevail	be the more usual or predominant.
Prevail	exist or occur in general use or experience.
Prevail	persuade.
Prevalent	generally existing or occurring.
Prevalent	predominant.
Prevaricate	speak or act evasively or misleadingly.
Prevaricate	quibble, equivocate.
Prevaricate	Prevaricator
Prevent	stop from happening or doing something; hinder; make impossible
Prevent	. Prevention
Preventive	Serving to prevent, esp. Disease.
Preventive	Preventive agent, measure, drug, etc.
Preview	Showing of a film, play, exhibition, etc., before it is seen by the general public.
Preview	See or show in advance.
Previous	coming before in time or order.
Previous	Hasty, premature.
Previous	before.
Pre-war	Existing or occurring before a war.
Prey	animal that is hunted or killed by another for food.
Prey	person or thing that is influenced by or vulnerable to
Prey	seek or take as prey.
Prey	Exert a harmful influence
Price	amount of money for which a thing is bought or sold.
Price	what is or must be given, done, sacrificed, etc., to obtain or achieve something
Price	odds in betting.
Price	fix or find the price of
Price	estimate the value of.
Price	what is the chance of …?
Price	iron. The much boasted … proves disappointing
Price-fixing	Maintaining of prices at a certain level by agreement between competing sellers.
Priceless	invaluable.
Priceless	Very amusing or absurd.
Price tag	label on an item showing its price.
Price tag	cost of an undertaking.
Price war	Period of fierce competition among traders cutting prices.
Pricey	Expensive.
Prick	pierce slightly; make a small hole in.
Prick	mark with small holes or dots.
Prick	trouble mentally
Prick	tingle.
Prick	plant
Prick	In small holes pricked in the soil.
Prick	act of pricking.
Prick	small hole or mark made by pricking.
Prick	pain caused as by pricking.
Prick	mental pain.
Prick	a penis.
Prick	derog. Contemptible man.
Prick	Make the ears erect when alert.
Prick	become suddenly attentive.
Prickle	small thorn.
Prickle	hard-pointed spine of a hedgehog etc.
Prickle	prickling sensation.
Prickle	affect or be affected with a sensation of multiple pricking.
Prickly	having prickles.
Prickly	ready to take offence.
Prickly	tingling.
Prickly heat	Itchy inflammation of the skin, causing a tingling sensation and common in hot countries.
Prickly pear	cactus with pear-shaped prickly fruit.
Prickly pear	its fruit.
Pride	a elation or satisfaction at one's achievements, qualities, possessions, etc.
Pride	object of this feeling; the flower or best.
Pride	high or overbearing opinion of one's worth or importance.
Pride	proper sense of what befits one's position; self-respect.
Pride	group
Pride	best condition, prime.
Pride	refl.
Pride	be proud of.
Pride	be proud of.
Pride	maintain in good condition or appearance.
Pride of place	Most important or prominent position.
Prie-dieu	kneeling-desk for prayer.
Priest	ordained minister of the roman catholic or orthodox church, or of the anglican church
Priest	official minister of a non-christian religion.
Priest	Priestly
Prig	Self-righteous or moralistic person.
Prig	Priggishness
Prim	stiffly formal and precise; prudish.
Prim	Primness
Prima ballerina	Chief female dancer in a ballet.
Primacy	pre-eminence.
Primacy	office of a primate.
Prima donna	chief female singer in an opera.
Prima donna	temperamentally self-important person.
Prima facie	At first sight.
Prima facie	based on the first impression.
Primal	primitive, primeval.
Primal	chief, fundamental.
Primary	a of the first importance; chief.
Primary	fundamental, basic.
Primary	earliest, original; first in a series.
Primary	of the first rank in a series; not derived.
Primary	designating any of the colours red, green, and blue, or
Primary	red, blue, and yellow, of which all other colours are mixtures.
Primary	for children below the age of
Primary	geol. Of the lowest series of strata.
Primary	biol. Of the first stage of development.
Primary	thing that is primary.
Primary	preliminary election to appoint party conference delegates or to select candidates for a principal
Primary	election.
Primary feather	Large flight-feather of a bird's wing.
Primary school	School for children below the age of
Primate	member of the highest order of mammals, including apes, monkeys, and man.
Primate	archbishop.
Prime1	chief, most important.
Prime1	first-rate, excellent.
Prime1	primary, fundamental.
Prime1	math.
Prime1	Divisible only by itself and unity (e.g.
Prime1	having no common factor but unity.
Prime1	state of the highest perfection
Prime1	the best part.
Prime2	prepare
Prime2	for use or action.
Prime2	prepare
Prime2	for firing or
Prime2	for detonation.
Prime2	pour
Prime2	into a pump to enable it to work.
Prime2	prepare
Prime2	For painting by applying a substance that prevents paint from being absorbed.
Prime2	equip
Prime2	with information etc.
Prime2	ply
Prime2	with food or drink in preparation for something.
Prime minister	Head of an elected government; principal minister.
Primer1	Substance used to prime wood etc.
Primer2	elementary textbook for teaching children to read.
Primer2	introductory book.
Prime time	time when audiences are largest.
Primeval	of the first age of the world.
Primeval	ancient, primitive.
Primitive	at an early stage of civilization
Primitive	undeveloped, crude, simple
Primitive	untutored painter with a direct naïve style.
Primitive	picture by such a painter.
Primitive	Primitiveness
Primogeniture	fact of being the first-born child.
Primogeniture	right of succession belonging to the first-born.
Primordial	Existing at or from the beginning, primeval.
Primp	make
Primp	Tidy.
Primp	refl. Make
Primp	smart.
Primrose	a wild plant bearing pale yellow spring flowers.
Primrose	its flower.
Primrose	pale yellow colour.
Primrose path	Pursuit of pleasure.
Primula	Cultivated plant bearing primrose-like flowers in a wide variety of colours.
Primus	Propr. Portable cooking stove burning vaporized oil.
Prince	male member of a royal family other than the reigning king.
Prince	ruler of a small state.
Prince	noble man in some countries.
Prince	chief or greatest
Prince consort	the husband of a reigning queen who is himself a prince.
Princeling	Young or petty prince.
Princely	of or worthy of a prince.
Princely	sumptuous, generous, splendid.
Prince of wales	the eldest son and heir apparent of the british monarch.
Prince regent	Prince who acts as regent, esp. The future george iv.
Princess	wife of a prince.
Princess	female member of a royal family other than a queen.
Princess royal	the british monarch's eldest daughter.
Principal	(usu.
Principal	) First in rank or importance; chief.
Principal	main, leading.
Principal	chief person.
Principal	head of some schools, colleges, and universities.
Principal	leading performer in a concert, play, etc.
Principal	capital sum as distinct from interest or income.
Principal	person for whom another is agent etc.
Principal	civil servant of the grade below secretary.
Principal	person directly responsible for a crime.
Principal boy	Leading male role in a pantomime, usu. Played by a woman.
Principality	state ruled by or government of a prince.
Principality	wales.
Principal parts	Parts of a verb from which all other parts can be deduced.
Principle	fundamental truth or law as the basis of reasoning or action.
Principle	a personal code of conduct
Principle	) Personal rules of conduct
Principle	general law in physics etc.
Principle	law of nature forming the basis for the construction or working of a machine etc.
Principle	fundamental source; primary element.
Principled	Based on or having
Principled	principles of behaviour.
Prink	smarten
Prink	up.
Prink	dress oneself up.
Prink	preen.
Print	produce or cause
Print	To be produced by applying inked types, blocks, or plates, to paper, etc.
Print	express or publish in print.
Print	impress or stamp
Print	impress or stamp
Print	Write
Print	without joining them up.
Print	produce
Print	from a negative.
Print	Produce output in printed form.
Printed circuit	Electric circuit with thin strips of conductor printed on a flat insulating sheet.
Printer	person who prints books etc.
Printer	owner of a printing business.
Printer	device that prints, esp. From a computer.
Printing	production of printed books etc.
Printing	copies of a book printed at one time.
Printing	printed letters or writing imitating them.
Printing-press	Machine for printing from types or plates etc.
Printout	Computer output in printed form.
Prior	earlier.
Prior	coming before in time, order, or importance.
Prior	before
Prior	superior of a religious house or order.
Prior	deputy of an abbot.
Priority	thing that is regarded as more important than others.
Priority	high
Priority	place among various things to be done
Priority	right to do something before other people.
Priority	right to proceed ahead of other traffic.
Priority	being more important.
Priory	monastery governed by a prior or nunnery governed by a prioress.
Prise	force open or out by leverage.
Prism	solid figure whose two ends are equal parallel rectilinear figures, and whose sides are parallelograms.
Prism	transparent body in this form, usu. Triangular with refracting surfaces at an acute angle with each other, which separates white light into a spectrum of colours.
Prismatic	of, like, or using a prism.
Prismatic	distributed
Prismatic	by a transparent prism.
Prison	place of captivity, esp.
Prison	building to which persons are committed while awaiting trial or for punishment.
Prison	custody, confinement.
Prisoner	person kept in prison.
Prisoner	person in custody on a criminal charge and on trial.
Prisoner	person or thing confined by illness, another's grasp, etc.
Prisoner	person captured in war.
Prissy	prim, prudish.
Prissy	Prissiness
Pristine	in its original condition; unspoilt.
Pristine	spotless; fresh as if new.
Pristine	ancient, primitive.
Privacy	a being private and undisturbed.
Privacy	right to this.
Privacy	freedom from intrusion or public attention.
Private	belonging to an individual, one's own, personal
Private	confidential, not to be disclosed to others
Private	kept or removed from public knowledge or observation.
Private	not open to the public.
Private	secluded.
Private	not holding public office or an official position.
Private	conducted outside the state system, at the individual's expense.
Private	private soldier.
Private	(in
Private	Genitals.
Private bill	Parliamentary bill affecting an individual or corporation only.
Private company	Company with restricted membership and no public share issue.
Private detective	Detective engaged privately, outside an official police force.
Private enterprise	Businesses not under state control.
Privateer	privately owned and officered warship holding a government commission.
Privateer	its commander.
Private eye	Private detective.
Private hotel	Hotel not obliged to take all comers.
Private means	pl. Income from investments etc., apart from earned income.
Private member	Mp not holding government office.
Private member's bill	Bill introduced by a private member, not part of government legislation.
Private parts	pl. Euphem. Genitals.
Private sector	The part of the economy free of direct state control.
Private soldier	Ordinary soldier other than the officers.
Private view	Viewing of an exhibition
Private view	before it opens to the public.
Privation	Lack of the comforts or necessities of life.
Privative	consisting in or marked by loss or absence.
Privative	Expressing privation.
Privatize	transfer
Privatize	From state to private ownership.
Privet	Bushy evergreen shrub used for hedges.
Privilege	right, advantage, or immunity, belonging to a person, class, or office.
Privilege	special benefit or honour
Privilege	invest with a privilege.
Privy	sharing in the secret of
Privy	hidden, secret.
Privy	lavatory, esp. An outside one.
Privy council	Body of advisers appointed by the sovereign
Privy purse	Allowance from the public revenue for the monarch's private expenses.
Privy seal	Seal formerly affixed to minor state documents.
Prize1	something that can be won in a competition, lottery, etc.
Prize1	reward given as a symbol of victory or superiority.
Prize1	something striven for or worth striving for.
Prize1	to which a prize is awarded
Prize1	excellent of its kind.
Prize1	value highly
Prize2	Ship or property captured in naval warfare.
Prizefight	Boxing-match fought for a prize of money.
Prize-giving	Awarding of prizes, esp. Formally at a school etc.
Prizewinner	Winner of a prize.
Pro	public record office.
Pro	public relations officer.
Pro1	Professional.
Pro2	for; in favour.
Pro2	reason in favour.
Pro2	In favour of.
Pro-1 	favouring or supporting
Pro-1 	acting as a substitute or deputy for
Pro-1 	forwards
Pro-1 	forwards and downwards
Pro-1 	onwards
Pro-1 	in front of
Pro2	for; in favour.
Pro2	reason in favour.
Pro2	In favour of.
Pro-1 	favouring or supporting
Pro-1 	acting as a substitute or deputy for
Pro-1 	forwards
Pro-1 	forwards and downwards
Pro-1 	onwards
Pro-1 	in front of
Pro-2 	before in time, place, order, etc.
Proactive	Taking the initiative.
Probability	being probable.
Probability	likelihood of something happening.
Probability	probable or most probable event.
Probability	math. Extent to which an event is likely to occur, measured by the ratio of the favourable cases to the total number of possible cases.
Probable	that may be expected to happen or prove true; likely
Probable	Probable candidate, member of a team, etc.
Probate	official proving of a will.
Probate	verified copy of a will with a certificate as handed to executors.
Probation	law system of supervising and monitoring the behaviour of
Probation	offenders, as an alternative to prison.
Probation	period of testing the character or abilities of esp.
Probation	new employee.
Probationer	Person on probation.
Probation officer	Official supervising offenders on probation.
Probative	Formal affording proof.
Probe	penetrating investigation.
Probe	small device, esp. An electrode, for measuring, testing, etc.
Probe	blunt-ended surgical instrument for exploring a wound etc.
Probe	unmanned exploratory spacecraft transmitting information about its environment.
Probe	examine or enquire into closely.
Probe	explore with a probe.
Probity	Uprightness, honesty.
Problem	doubtful or difficult matter requiring a solution.
Problem	something hard to understand or accomplish.
Problem	Causing problems
Problem	puzzle or question for solution; exercise.
Problematic	attended by difficulty; doubtful or questionable.
Proboscis	long flexible trunk or snout of some mammals, e.g. An elephant or tapir.
Proboscis	elongated mouth parts of some insects.
Proboscis monkey	Monkey of borneo, the male of which has a large pendulous nose.
Procedure	way of acting or advancing, esp. In business or legal action.
Procedure	way of performing a task.
Procedure	series of actions conducted in a certain order or manner.
Proceed	go forward or on further; make one's way.
Proceed	Continue with an activity; go on to do something
Proceed	be carried on or continued
Proceed	adopt a course of action
Proceed	go on to say.
Proceed	start a lawsuit against
Proceed	originate
Proceeding	action or piece of conduct
Proceeding	(in
Proceeding	lawsuit.
Proceeding	(in
Proceeding	) Published report of discussions or a conference.
Proceeds	pl. Profits from sale etc.
Process1	course of action or proceeding, esp.
Process1	series of stages in manufacture etc.
Process1	progress or course
Process1	natural or involuntary course or change
Process1	action at law; summons or writ.
Process1	natural projection of a bone, stem, etc.
Process1	deal with by a particular process.
Process1	(as processed
Process1	) Treat
Process2	Walk in procession.
Procession	people or vehicles etc. Advancing in orderly succession, esp. At a ceremony, demonstration, or festivity.
Procession	movement of such a group
Processional	of processions.
Processional	used, carried, or sung in processions.
Processional	Eccl. Processional hymn or hymn book.
Processor	Machine that processes things, esp.:
Proclaim	announce or declare publicly or officially.
Proclaim	declare to be
Proclivity	tendency, inclination.
Procrastinate	defer action.
Procrastinate	Procrastinator
Procreate	Produce
Procreate	naturally.
Procreate	Procreative
Procrustean	Seeking to enforce uniformity ruthlessly or violently.
Proctor	Disciplinary officer
Proctor	at certain universities.
Proctor	Proctorship
Procuration	formal act of procuring.
Procuration	function or authorized action of an attorney.
Procurator	Agent or proxy, esp. With power of attorney.
Procurator fiscal	local coroner and public prosecutor.
Procure	obtain, esp. By care or effort; acquire
Procure	bring about
Procure	Obtain
Procure	for prostitution.
Procurer	person who obtains women for prostitution.
Prod	poke with a finger, stick, etc.
Prod	stimulate to action.
Prod	make a prodding motion.
Prod	poke, thrust.
Prod	stimulus to action.
Prodigal	recklessly wasteful.
Prodigal	lavish.
Prodigal	prodigal person.
Prodigal	repentant wastrel, returned wanderer, etc. (luke
Prodigal	5:11–32).
Prodigious	marvellous or amazing.
Prodigious	enormous.
Prodigious	abnormal.
Prodigy	exceptionally gifted or able person, esp.
Prodigy	precocious child.
Prodigy	marvellous, esp. Extraordinary, thing.
Prodigy	wonderful example
Produce	manufacture or prepare
Produce	bring forward for consideration, inspection, or use
Produce	bear, yield, or bring into existence
Produce	cause or bring about
Produce	geom. Extend or continue
Produce	supervise the production of
Produce	a what is produced, esp. Agricultural products collectively
Produce	amount of this.
Produce	result
Producer	person who produces goods etc.
Producer	person who supervises the production of a play, film, broadcast, etc.
Product	thing or substance produced, esp. By manufacture.
Product	result.
Product	quantity obtained by multiplying.
Production	producing or being produced, esp. In large quantities
Production	total yield.
Production	thing produced, esp.
Production	film, play, book, etc.
Production line	Systematized sequence of operations involved in producing a commodity.
Productive	of or engaged in the production of goods.
Productive	producing much
Productive	producing commodities of exchangeable value
Productive	producing or giving rise to
Productive	Productiveness
Productivity	being productive, capacity to produce.
Productivity	amount produced by an industry, workforce, etc.
Proem	Preface etc. To a book or speech.
Prof.	Professor.
Profane	a irreverent, blasphemous.
Profane	obscene.
Profane	not sacred or biblical; secular.
Profane	treat (esp.
Profane	sacred thing) irreverently; disregard.
Profane	violate or pollute.
Profanity	profane act or language; blasphemy.
Profanity	swear-word.
Profess	claim openly to have
Profess	Pretend, declare
Profess	affirm one's faith in or allegiance to.
Professed	self-acknowledged
Professed	alleged, ostensible.
Profession	vocation or calling, esp. Learned or scientific
Profession	people in a profession.
Profession	declaration or avowal.
Profession	Prostitution.
Professional	of, belonging to, or connected with a profession.
Professional	a skilful, competent.
Professional	worthy of a professional
Professional	engaged in a specified activity as one's main paid occupation
Professional	derog. Engaged in a specified activity, esp. Fanatically
Professional	Professional person.
Professionalism	Qualities associated with a profession, esp. Competence, skill, etc.
Professor	highest-ranking academic teaching in a university department; holder of a university chair.
Professor	us university teacher.
Professor	person who professes a religion etc.
Professor	Professorship
Proffer	Offer.
Proficient	adept, expert.
Proficient	Proficiently
Profile	a outline, esp. Of a human face, as seen from one side.
Profile	representation of this.
Profile	short biographical or character sketch.
Profile	represent or describe by a profile.
Profit	advantage or benefit.
Profit	financial gain; excess of returns over outlay.
Profit	Be beneficial to.
Profit	obtain advantage or benefit
Profitable	yielding profit.
Profitable	beneficial.
Profitable	Profitably
Profit and loss account	Account showing net profit or loss at any time.
Profiteer	Make or seek excessive profits, esp. Illegally or on the black market.
Profiteer	Person who profiteers.
Profiterole	Small hollow choux bun, usu. Filled with cream and covered with chocolate.
Profit margin	Profit after the deduction of costs.
Profit-sharing	Sharing of profits, esp. Between employer and employees.
Profligate	recklessly extravagant.
Profligate	licentious, dissolute.
Profligate	Profligate person.
Profligate	Profligately
Pro forma	As or being a matter of form.
Pro forma	invoice sent in advance of goods supplied.
Profound	having or demanding great knowledge, study, or insight
Profound	intense, unqualified, thorough
Profound	deep
Profound	Profoundness
Profound	Profundity
Profuse	lavish; extravagant.
Profuse	exuberantly plentiful; copious
Profuse	Profusion
Progenitor	ancestor.
Progenitor	predecessor.
Progenitor	original.
Progeny	offspring; descendant
Progeny	outcome, issue.
Progesterone	steroid hormone which stimulates the preparation of the uterus for pregnancy and maintains the uterus in the event of fertilization.
Progestogen	steroid hormone
Progestogen	maintaining pregnancy and preventing further ovulation.
Progestogen	similar synthetic hormone.
Prognosis	forecast, esp. Of the course of a disease.
Prognostic	advance indication, esp. Of the course of a disease.
Prognostic	prediction, forecast.
Prognostic	foretelling, predictive.
Prognosticate	foretell, foresee, prophesy.
Prognosticate	betoken, indicate.
Prognosticate	Prognosticator
Program	list of events, performers, etc. At a public function etc.
Program	radio or television broadcast.
Program	plan of events
Program	course or series of studies, lectures, etc.
Program	series of coded instructions for a computer etc.
Program	make a programme of.
Program	express
Program	or instruct
Program	by means of a program.
Program	Programmatic
Program	Programmer
Program	(in sense
Programme	list of events, performers, etc. At a public function etc.
Programme	radio or television broadcast.
Programme	plan of events
Programme	course or series of studies, lectures, etc.
Programme	series of coded instructions for a computer etc.
Programme	make a programme of.
Programme	express
Programme	or instruct
Programme	by means of a program.
Programme	Programmatic
Programme	Programmer
Programme	(in sense
Progress	forward or onward movement towards a destination.
Progress	advance or development; improvement
Progress	hist. State tour, esp. By royalty.
Progress	move or be moved forward or onward; continue.
Progress	advance, develop, or improve
Progression	progressing.
Progression	succession; series.
Progressive	moving forward.
Progressive	proceeding step by step; cumulative
Progressive	a favouring rapid political or social reform.
Progressive	modern; efficient
Progressive	Increasing in severity or extent.
Progressive	increasing with the sum taxed.
Progressive	With periodic changes of partners.
Progressive	expressing action in progress, e.g. Am writing, was writing.
Progressive	advocate of progressive political policies.
Prohibit	forbid.
Prohibit	prevent.
Prohibit	Prohibitory
Prohibition	forbidding or being forbidden.
Prohibition	edict or order that forbids.
Prohibition	legal ban on the manufacture and sale of alcohol, esp. In the us
Prohibition	(in sense
Prohibitive	prohibiting.
Prohibitive	Extremely high
Project	plan; scheme.
Project	extensive essay, piece of research, etc. By a student.
Project	protrude; jut out.
Project	throw; cast; impel.
Project	extrapolate
Project	To a future time; forecast.
Project	plan or contrive
Project	cause
Project	To fall on a surface.
Project	cause
Project	to be heard at a distance.
Project	Express or promote forcefully or effectively.
Project	make a projection of
Project	Attribute
Project	To an external object or person, esp. Unconsciously.
Project	Imagine
Project	having another's feelings, being in the future, etc.
Projectile	missile, esp. Fired by a rocket.
Projectile	bullet, shell, etc.
Projectile	capable of being projected by force, esp. From a gun.
Projectile	projecting or impelling.
Projection	projecting or being projected.
Projection	thing that projects or obtrudes.
Projection	presentation of an image etc. On a surface.
Projection	forecast or estimate
Projection	a mental image viewed as an objective reality.
Projection	unconscious transfer of feelings etc. To external objects or persons.
Projection	representation on a plane surface of any part of the surface of the earth or a celestial sphere
Projection	(in sense
Projector	Apparatus for projecting slides or film on to a screen.
Prokaryote	Organism in which the chromosomes are not separated from the cytoplasm by a membrane; bacterium.
Prolactin	Hormone that stimulates milk production after childbirth.
Prolapse	forward or downward displacement of a part or organ.
Prolapse	prolapsed womb, rectum, etc.
Prolapse	undergo prolapse.
Prolate	Geom.
Prolate	lengthened in the direction of a polar diameter.
Prole	Derog.
Prole	Proletarian.
Prolegomenon	(usu. In
Prolegomenon	) Preface to a book etc., esp. When critical or discursive.
Proletarian	Of the proletariat.
Proletarian	Member of the proletariat.
Proletariat	wage-earners collectively.
Proletariat	esp. Derog. Lowest, esp. Uneducated, class.
Proliferate	reproduce; produce
Proliferate	Rapidly.
Proliferate	increase rapidly in numbers.
Prolific	producing many offspring or much output.
Prolific	abundantly productive.
Prolific	abounding, copious.
Prolix	Lengthy; tedious.
Prologue	preliminary speech, poem, etc., esp. Of a play.
Prologue	introductory event.
Prolong	extend in time or space.
Prolong	(as prolonged
Prolong	) Lengthy, esp. Tediously so.
Promenade	paved public walk, esp. Along the sea front at a resort.
Promenade	walk, ride, or drive, taken esp. For display or pleasure.
Promenade	make a promenade
Promenade	lead
Promenade	About, esp. For display.
Promenade concert	Concert with restricted seating and a large area for standing.
Promenade deck	Upper deck on a passenger ship.
Promenader	person who promenades.
Promenader	regular attender at promenade concerts.
Promethean	Daring or inventive.
Promethium	Radioactive metallic element of the lanthanide series, found in nuclear waste.
Prominence	being prominent.
Prominence	jutting outcrop, mountain, etc.
Prominent	jutting out, projecting.
Prominent	conspicuous.
Prominent	distinguished, important.
Promiscuous	having frequent, esp. Casual, sexual relationships.
Promiscuous	mixed and indiscriminate.
Promiscuous	Carelessly irregular; casual.
Promiscuous	Promiscuously
Promise	assurance that one will or will not undertake a certain action etc.
Promise	sign of future achievements, good results, etc.
Promise	Make a promise
Promise	Seem likely
Promise	Assure
Promised land	bibl. Canaan (gen.
Promised land	2:7 etc.).
Promised land	any desired place, esp. Heaven.
Promising	Likely to turn out well; hopeful, full of promise
Promissory	Conveying or implying a promise.
Promissory note	Signed document containing a written promise to pay a stated sum.
Promo	(often
Promo	) Promotion, advertising
Promo	promotional video, trailer, etc.
Promontory	point of high land jutting out into the sea etc.; headland.
Promote	raise
Promote	to a higher office, rank, etc.
Promote	help forward; encourage
Promote	publicize and sell
Promote	chess raise
Promote	to the rank of queen etc.
Promote	Promotional
Promoter	person who promotes, esp.
Promoter	sporting event, theatrical production, etc.
Promoter	person who promotes the formation of a joint-stock company.
Prompt	Acting, made, or done with alacrity; ready
Prompt	Punctually
Prompt	Incite; urge
Prompt	Supply a forgotten word etc. To
Prompt	assist
Prompt	with a suggestion.
Prompt	give rise to; inspire
Prompt	a act of prompting.
Prompt	thing said to prompt an actor etc.
Prompt	computing sign on a vdu screen to show that the system is waiting for input.
Prompt	Promptly
Prompt	Promptness
Prompter	Person who prompts actors.
Promulgate	make known to the public; disseminate; promote.
Promulgate	proclaim
Promulgate	Promulgator
Prone	a lying face downwards.
Prone	lying flat, prostrate.
Prone	having the front part downwards, esp. The palm.
Prone	Disposed or liable
Prone	(usu. In
Prone	) Likely to suffer
Prong	Each of two or more projecting pointed parts at the end of a fork etc.
Pronominal	Of, concerning, or being, a pronoun.
Pronoun	Word used instead of and to indicate a noun already mentioned or known, esp. To avoid repetition
Pronounce	Utter or speak
Pronounce	In a certain, or esp. In the approved, way.
Pronounce	utter or proclaim
Pronounce	Officially, formally, or solemnly
Pronounce	state as one's opinion
Pronounce	pass judgement
Pronounce	Pronouncement
Pronounced	Strongly marked; noticeable
Pronto	Promptly, quickly.
Pronunciation	pronouncing of a word, esp. With reference to a standard.
Pronunciation	act of pronouncing.
Pronunciation	way of pronouncing words etc.
Proof	facts, evidence, reasoning, etc. Establishing or helping to establish a fact
Proof	demonstration, proving
Proof	test, trial
Proof	standard of strength of distilled alcohol.
Proof	trial impression from type or film, for correcting before final printing.
Proof	step by step resolution of a mathematical or philosophical problem.
Proof	photographic print made for selection etc.
Proof	(often in
Proof	) Impervious to penetration, ill effects, etc., esp. By a specified agent
Proof	being of proof alcoholic strength.
Proof	make proof, esp. Make
Proof	waterproof.
Proof	make a proof of
Proofread	(past and
Proofread	-read) read and correct
Prop1	rigid, esp. Separate, support.
Prop1	person or thing that supports, comforts, etc.
Prop1	Support with or as if with a prop.
Prop3	Propeller.
Propaganda	organized propagation of a doctrine by use of publicity, selected information, etc.
Propaganda	usu. Derog. Ideas etc. So propagated.
Propaganda	Propagandize
Propagate	a breed
Propagate	From the parent stock.
Propagate	Reproduce itself.
Propagate	disseminate
Propagate	transmit
Propagator	person or thing that propagates.
Propagator	small heated box for germinating seeds or raising seedlings.
Propane	Gaseous hydrocarbon used as bottled fuel.
Propanone	Chem.
Propel	drive or push forward; urge on.
Propeller	Revolving shaft with blades, esp. For propelling a ship or aircraft.
Propene	Chem.
Propensity	inclination, tendency.
Proper	a accurate, correct
Proper	fit, suitable, right
Proper	decent; respectable, esp. Excessively so
Proper	belonging or relating
Proper	strictly so called; genuine
Proper	Thorough; complete
Proper fraction	Fraction less than unity, with the numerator less than the denominator.
Properly	fittingly, suitably
Properly	accurately, correctly
Properly	rightly.
Properly	with decency; respectably
Properly	Thoroughly
Proper noun	capitalized name for an individual person, place, animal, country, title, etc., e.g. ‘jane’, ‘everest’.
Propertied	Having property, esp. Land.
Property	thing
Property	owned; possession, esp.
Property	house, land, etc.
Property	attribute, quality, or characteristic
Property	movable object used on a theatre stage or in a film.
Prophecy	a prophetic utterance, esp. Biblical.
Prophecy	prediction of future events.
Prophecy	faculty, practice, etc. Of prophesying
Prophesy	Foretell
Prophesy	speak as a prophet; foretell the future.
Prophet	teacher or interpreter of the supposed will of god.
Prophet	a person who foretells events.
Prophet	spokesman; advocate
Prophet	muhammad.
Prophetic	containing a prediction; predicting.
Prophetic	of a prophet.
Prophylactic	Tending to prevent disease etc.
Prophylactic	preventive medicine or action.
Prophylactic	esp. Us condom.
Prophylaxis	Preventive treatment against disease.
Propinquity	nearness in space; proximity.
Propinquity	close kinship.
Propinquity	similarity.
Propitiate	appease
Propitiate	Propitiation
Propitiate	Propitiator
Propitiate	Propitiatory
Propitious	Favourable, auspicious.
Propitious	suitable, advantageous.
Proponent	Person advocating a motion, theory, or proposal.
Proportion	a comparative part or share
Proportion	comparative ratio
Proportion	correct or pleasing relation of things or parts of a thing
Proportion	(in
Proportion	) Dimensions; size
Proportion	math. Equality of ratios between two pairs of quantities, e.g.
Proportion	:5 and
Proportion	:15.
Proportion	make proportionate
Proportional	In due proportion; comparable
Proportional representation	Electoral system in which parties gain seats in proportion to the number of votes cast for them.
Proposal	a act of proposing something.
Proposal	course of action etc. Proposed.
Proposal	offer of marriage.
Propose	Put forward for consideration or as a plan; suggest.
Propose	intend; purpose
Propose	offer oneself in marriage.
Propose	nominate
Propose	as a member of a society, for an office, etc.
Proposition	statement, assertion.
Proposition	scheme proposed, proposal.
Proposition	logic statement subject to proof or disproof.
Proposition	Problem, opponent, prospect, etc. For consideration
Proposition	math. Formal statement of a theorem or problem, often including the demonstration.
Proposition	a likely commercial etc. Enterprise etc.
Proposition	person regarded similarly.
Proposition	Sexual proposal.
Proposition	Make a (esp
Propound	Offer for consideration; propose.
Proprietary	a of or holding property
Proprietary	of a proprietor
Proprietary	held in private ownership.
Proprietary medicine	Drug, medicine, etc. Produced by a company, usu. Under a patent.
Proprietary name	registered name of a product etc. As a trade mark.
Proprietor	holder of property.
Proprietor	owner of a business etc., esp. Of a hotel.
Propriety	fitness; rightness.
Propriety	correctness of behaviour or morals.
Propriety	(in
Propriety	) Details or rules of correct conduct.
Propulsion	driving or pushing forward.
Propulsion	impelling influence.
Propylene	Gaseous hydrocarbon used in the manufacture of chemicals.
Pro rata	Proportional.
Pro rata	Proportionally.
Prorogue	discontinue the meetings of
Prorogue	Without dissolving it.
Prorogue	Be prorogued.
Prosaic	like prose, lacking poetic beauty.
Prosaic	unromantic; dull; commonplace.
Pros and cons	pl. Reasons or considerations for and against a proposition etc.
Proscenium	part of the stage in front of the curtain and the enclosing arch.
Proscribe	forbid, esp. By law.
Proscribe	reject or denounce
Proscribe	outlaw
Proscribe	Proscriptive
Prose	ordinary written or spoken language not in verse.
Prose	passage of prose, esp. For translation into a foreign language.
Prose	dull or matter-of-fact quality
Prose	talk tediously.
Prosecute	Institute legal proceedings against
Prosecute	, or with reference to
Prosecute	formal carry on
Prosecution	a institution and continuation of
Prosecution	legal proceedings.
Prosecution	prosecuting party in a court case.
Prosecution	prosecuting or being prosecuted
Proselyte	person converted, esp. Recently, from one opinion, creed, party, etc., to another.
Proselyte	convert to judaism.
Proselytize	Convert or seek to convert from one belief etc. To another.
Prose poem	Piece of poetic writing in prose.
Prosody	science of versification.
Prosody	the study of speech-rhythms.
Prosody	Prosodist
Prospect	a (often in
Prospect	) Expectation, esp. Of success in a career etc.
Prospect	something one expects
Prospect	extensive view of landscape etc.
Prospect	mental picture.
Prospect	possible or probable customer, subscriber, etc.
Prospect	explore, search (esp.
Prospect	region) for gold etc.
Prospective	Some day to be; expected; future
Prospectus	printed document advertising or describing a school, commercial enterprise, forthcoming book, etc.
Prosper	Be successful, thrive.
Prosperity	Prosperous state; wealth; success.
Prosperous	successful; rich; thriving.
Prosperous	auspicious
Prostate	gland round the neck of the bladder in male mammals, releasing part of the semen.
Prosthesis	artificial leg etc; false tooth, breast, etc.
Prosthesis	branch of surgery dealing with prostheses.
Prostitute	woman who engages in sexual activity for payment.
Prostitute	man or boy who engages in sexual activity, esp. With homosexual men, for payment.
Prostitute	Make a prostitute of
Prostitute	misuse or offer
Prostitute	For money etc.
Prostrate	a lying face downwards, esp. In submission.
Prostrate	lying horizontally.
Prostrate	overcome, esp. By grief, exhaustion, etc.
Prostrate	growing along the ground.
Prostrate	lay or throw (esp.
Prostrate	person) flat.
Prostrate	refl. Throw
Prostrate	down in submission etc.
Prostrate	overcome; make weak.
Prosy	tedious, commonplace, dull
Prosy	Prosiness
Protactinium	Radioactive metallic element.
Protagonist	chief person in a drama, story, etc.
Protagonist	leading person in a contest etc.; principal performer.
Protagonist	advocate or champion of a cause etc.
Protean	Variable, taking many forms; versatile.
Protect	keep
Protect	Safe; defend, guard.
Protect	shield
Protect	from competition with import duties.
Protection	a protecting or being protected; defence.
Protection	thing, person, or animal that protects.
Protection	theory or practice of protecting home industries.
Protection	immunity from violence etc. Obtained by payment to gangsters etc.
Protection	money so paid.
Protective	Protecting; intended or tending to protect.
Protective	Protectiveness
Protective custody	Detention of a person for his or her own protection.
Protector	person or thing that protects.
Protector	hist. Regent ruling during the minority or absence of the sovereign.
Protectorate	a state that is controlled and protected by another.
Protectorate	this relation.
Protectorate	hist.
Protectorate	office of the protector of a kingdom or state.
Protectorate	period of this, esp. In england
Protectorate	653–9.
Protégé	person under the protection, patronage, tutelage, etc. Of another.
Protein	Any of a group of organic compounds composed of one or more chains of amino acids and forming an essential part of all living organisms.
Pro tempore	For the time being.
Protest	statement or act of dissent or disapproval.
Protest	law written declaration that a bill has been presented and payment or acceptance refused.
Protest	Make a protest.
Protest	affirm
Protest	Solemnly.
Protest	law write or obtain a protest in regard to
Protest	us object to
Protestant	Member or follower of any of the churches separating from the roman catholic church after the reformation.
Protestant	Of the protestant churches or their members etc.
Protestation	strong affirmation.
Protestation	protest.
Protium	Ordinary isotope of hydrogen.
Proto-	Form first.
Protocol	official formality and etiquette, esp. As observed on state occasions etc.
Protocol	original draft of esp. The terms of a treaty.
Protocol	formal statement of a transaction.
Protocol	draw up or record in a protocol.
Proton	Elementary particle with a positive electric charge equal to that of an electron, and occurring in all atomic nuclei.
Protoplasm	Material comprising the living part of a cell, consisting of a nucleus in membrane-enclosed cytoplasm.
Prototype	original as a pattern for imitations, improved forms, representations, etc.
Prototype	trial model or preliminary version of a vehicle, machine, etc.
Prototype	Prototypical
Protozoan	unicellular microscopic organism, e.g. The amoebae.
Protozoan	of this group.
Protract	(often as protracted
Protract	) Prolong or lengthen.
Protractor	Instrument for measuring angles, usu. In the form of a graduated semicircle.
Protrude	thrust forward; stick out; project.
Protrude	Protrusive
Protuberant	Bulging out; prominent.
Proud	feeling greatly honoured or pleased
Proud	haughty, arrogant
Proud	(often in
Proud	) Having a proper pride; satisfied
Proud	Justly arousing or showing pride
Proud	imposing, splendid.
Proud	slightly projecting
Proud	Treat with lavish generosity or honour
Prove	(-ving;
Prove	Proved or proven)
Prove	demonstrate the truth of by evidence or argument.
Prove	Be found
Prove	emerge as
Prove	test the accuracy of
Prove	establish the validity of
Prove	rise in bread-making.
Provenance	Origin or place of origin; history.
Provençal	Of provence.
Provençal	Native or language of provence.
Provender	animal fodder.
Provender	joc. Food.
Proverb	Short pithy saying in general use, held to embody a general truth.
Proverbial	well known; notorious
Proverbial	of or referred to in a proverb
Provide	supply, furnish
Provide	make due preparation.
Provide	take care of a person etc. With money, food, etc.
Provide	stipulate in a will, statute, etc.
Provided	on the condition or understanding that.
Providence	protective care of god or nature.
Providence	god in this aspect.
Providence	foresight; thrift.
Provident	Having or showing foresight; thrifty.
Providential	of or by divine foresight or interposition.
Providential	opportune, lucky.
Province	principal administrative division of a country etc.
Province	country outside a capital city, esp. Regarded as uncultured or unsophisticated.
Province	sphere of action; business
Province	branch of learning etc.
Province	district under an archbishop or metropolitan.
Province	territory outside italy under an ancient roman governor.
Provincial	of a province or provinces.
Provincial	unsophisticated or uncultured.
Provincial	inhabitant of a province or the provinces.
Provincial	unsophisticated or uncultured person.
Provision	a act of providing
Provision	preparation, esp. For the future
Provision	(in
Provision	) Food, drink, etc., esp. For an expedition.
Provision	legal or formal stipulation or proviso.
Provision	Supply with provisions.
Provisional	providing for immediate needs only; temporary.
Provisional	of the unofficial wing of the ira, using terrorism.
Provisional	member of the provisional wing of the ira.
Proviso	stipulation.
Proviso	clause containing this.
Provo	Provisional.
Provocation	provoking or being provoked
Provocation	cause of annoyance.
Provocative	tending to provoke, esp. Anger or sexual desire.
Provocative	intentionally annoying or controversial.
Provocative	Provocativeness
Provoke	Rouse or incite
Provoke	call forth; instigate; cause
Provoke	irritate or stimulate
Provoke	tempt; allure.
Provost	head of some
Provost	colleges.
Provost	head of a cathedral chapter.
Provost marshal	Head of military police in camp or on active service.
Prow	fore-part or bow of a ship.
Prow	pointed or projecting front part.
Prowess	skill, expertise.
Prowess	valour, gallantry.
Prowl	roam
Prowl	esp. Stealthily or restlessly or in search of prey, plunder, etc.
Prowl	Act of prowling.
Prox.	Proximo.
Proximate	nearest or next before or after
Proximate	approximate.
Proximity	Nearness in space, time, etc.
Proximo	Commerce of next month
Proxy	(also
Proxy	authorization given to a substitute or deputy
Proxy	person authorized to act thus.
Proxy	a written authorization for esp. Proxy voting.
Proxy	proxy vote.
Prude	Excessively
Prude	squeamish or sexually modest person.
Prude	Prudish
Prude	Prudishly
Prude	Prudishness
Prudent	Cautious; politic.
Prudent	Prudently
Prudential	Of or showing prudence.
Prune1	Dried plum.
Prune2	trim
Prune2	By cutting away dead or overgrown branches etc.
Prune2	lop
Prune2	Thus.
Prune2	reduce
Prune2	clear or remove superfluities from.
Prune2	remove
Prurient	Having or encouraging unhealthy sexual curiosity.
Prussian	Of prussia, or esp. Its rigidly militaristic tradition.
Prussian	Native of prussia.
Prussian blue	(as
Prussian blue	Often hyphenated) deep blue
Prussic acid	Hydrocyanic acid.
Pry	inquire impertinently.
Pry	Look or peer inquisitively.
Ps	Postscript.
Psalm	sacred song, esp. From the book of psalms, esp. Metrically chanted in a service.
Psalm	old testament book containing the psalms.
Psalmist	Composer of a psalm.
Psalmody	Practice or art of singing psalms, hymns, etc., esp. In public worship.
Psalter	the book of psalms.
Psalter	version or copy of this.
Psaltery	ancient and medieval instrument like a dulcimer but played by plucking the strings.
Psephology	The statistical study of voting etc.
Pseud	pretentious; not genuine.
Pseud	Such a person; poseur.
Pseudo-	Form
Pseudo-	false; not genuine
Pseudo-	resembling or imitating
Pseudonym	Fictitious name, esp. Of an author.
Psi1	Twenty-third letter of the greek alphabet
Psi2	Pounds per square inch.
Psittacosis	Contagious viral disease of esp. Parrots, transmissible to human beings.
Psoriasis	Skin disease marked by red scaly patches.
Psst	whispered exclamation to attract a person's attention.
Psv	Public service vehicle.
Psych	Prepare
Psych	mentally for an ordeal etc.
Psych	intimidate or frighten
Psych	, esp. For one's own advantage.
Psych	analyse
Psych	For one's own advantage
Psyche	The soul, spirit, or mind.
Psychedelia	psychedelic phenomena.
Psychedelia	subculture associated with these.
Psychedelic	a expanding the mind's awareness etc., esp. With hallucinogenic drugs.
Psychedelic	hallucinatory; bizarre.
Psychedelic	producing hallucinations.
Psychedelic	producing a hallucinatory effect; vivid in colour or design etc.
Psychedelic	Bright, bold, and often abstract.
Psychiatry	The study and treatment of mental disease.
Psychiatry	Psychiatrist
Psychic	considered to have occult powers such as telepathy, clairvoyance, etc.
Psychic	supernatural.
Psychic	of the soul or mind.
Psychic	Person considered to have psychic powers; medium.
Psychical	concerning psychic phenomena or faculties
Psychical	of the soul or mind.
Psycho	psychopath.
Psycho	Psychopathic.
Psycho-	Form of the mind or psychology.
Psychoanalysis	Treatment of mental disorders by bringing repressed fears and conflicts into the conscious mind over a long course of interviews.
Psychoanalysis	. Psychoanalyst
Psychoanalysis	Psychoanalytic
Psychoanalysis	Psychoanalytical
Psychokinesis	Movement of objects supposedly by telepathy or mental effort.
Psychological	of or arising in the mind.
Psychological	of psychology.
Psychological	Imaginary
Psychological block	Mental inhibition caused by emotional factors.
Psychological moment	Best time for achieving a particular effect or purpose.
Psychological warfare	Campaign directed at reducing enemy morale.
Psychology	the study of the human mind.
Psychology	treatise on or theory of this.
Psychology	a mental characteristics etc. Of a person or group.
Psychology	mental aspects of an activity, situation, etc.
Psychopath	mentally deranged person, esp. Showing abnormal or violent social behaviour.
Psychopath	mentally or emotionally unstable person.
Psychopathology	the study of mental disorders.
Psychopathology	mentally or behaviourally disordered state.
Psychopathy	Psychopathic or psychologically abnormal behaviour.
Psychosis	severe mental disorder with loss of contact with reality.
Psychosomatic	mental, not physical, in origin.
Psychosomatic	of the mind and body together.
Psychotherapy	Treatment of mental disorder by psychological means.
Psychotherapy	Psychotherapist
Psychotic	Of or suffering from a psychosis.
Psychotic	Psychotic person.
Pt	Physical training.
Pt	Platinum.
Pt	part.
Pt	pint.
Pt	point.
Pt	Port.
Pta	Parent-teacher association.
Ptarmigan	Game-bird with a grouselike appearance.
Pte.	Private
Pte.	Private
Pteridophyte	Flowerless plant, e.g. Ferns, club-mosses, etc.
Pterodactyl	Large extinct flying reptile.
Pterosaur	Flying reptile with large batlike wings.
Pto	Please turn over.
Ptolemaic	Hist. Of ptolemy or his theories.
Ptolemaic system	Theory that the earth is the stationary centre of the universe.
Ptomaine	Any of various esp. Toxic amine compounds in putrefying matter.
Pu	Plutonium.
Pub	Public house.
Pub-crawl	Drinking tour of several pubs.
Puberty	Period of sexual maturation.
Pubes1	lower part of the abdomen at the front of the pelvis.
Pubes1	Pubic hair.
Pubes2	Of *pubis.
Pubescence	beginning of puberty.
Pubescence	soft down on plants, or on animals, esp. Insects.
Pubic	Of the pubes or pubis.
Pubis	either of a pair of bones forming the two sides of the pelvis.
Public	of the people as a whole
Public	open to or shared by all
Public	done or existing openly
Public	Provided by or concerning government
Public	of or involved in the affairs, esp. The government or entertainment, of the community
Public	(as sing. Or
Public	) Community, or members of it, in general.
Public	specified section of the community
Public	become a public company.
Public	reveal one's plans etc. In public openly, publicly.
Public-address system	Set of loudspeakers, microphones, amplifiers, etc., used in addressing large audiences.
Publican	Keeper of a public house.
Publication	a preparation and issuing of a book, newspaper, etc. To the public.
Publication	book etc. So issued.
Publication	making something publicly known.
Public bar	Less or least expensive bar in a public house.
Public company	Company that sells shares on the open market.
Public convenience	Public lavatory.
Public enemy	Notorious wanted criminal.
Public figure	Famous person.
Public health	Provision of adequate sanitation, drainage, etc. By government.
Public house	Inn providing alcoholic drinks for consumption on the premises.
Publicist	Publicity agent or public relations officer.
Publicity	public exposure.
Publicity	a advertising.
Publicity	material used for this.
Publicize	advertise; make publicly known.
Public lending right	Right of authors to payment when their books etc. Are lent by public libraries.
Public opinion	Views, esp. Moral, that are generally prevalent.
Public ownership	State ownership of the means of production, distribution, or exchange.
Public prosecutor	Law officer acting on behalf of the state or in the public interest.
Public relations officer	Person employed to promote public relations.
Public relations	pl.
Public relations	Professional promotion of a favourable public image, esp. By a company, famous person, etc.
Public school	private fee-paying secondary school, esp. For boarders.
Public school	us, austral.,
Public school	scot. Non-fee-paying school.
Public sector	State-controlled part of an economy, industry, etc.
Public servant	State official.
Public spirit	Willingness to engage in community action.
Public transport	Buses, trains, etc., charging set fares and running on fixed routes.
Public utility	Organization supplying water, gas, etc. To the community.
Public works	pl. Building operations etc. Done by or for the state.
Publish	Prepare and issue
Publish	For public sale.
Publish	make generally known.
Publish	announce formally.
Publisher	Person or
Publisher	Company that publishes books etc. For sale.
Puce	Dark red or purple-brown.
Puck1	Rubber disc used as a ball in ice hockey.
Puck2	Mischievous or evil sprite.
Puck2	Puckishly
Puck2	Puckishness
Pucker	gather into wrinkles, folds, or bulges
Pucker	Such a wrinkle, bulge, fold, etc.
Pudding	a any of various sweet cooked dishes
Pudding	savoury dish containing flour, suet, etc.
Pudding	sweet course of a meal.
Pudding	any of various sausages stuffed with oatmeal, spices, blood, etc.
Pudding	Plump, stupid, or lazy person.
Puddle	small pool, esp. Of rainwater.
Puddle	clay and sand worked with water used as a watertight covering for embankments etc.
Puddle	knead
Puddle	into puddle.
Puddle	stir
Puddle	to produce wrought iron by expelling carbon.
Pudendum	(usu. In
Pudendum	) Genitals, esp. Of a woman.
Pudgy	plump, podgy.
Puerile	Childish, immature.
Puerperal	Of or caused by childbirth.
Puerperal fever	Fever following childbirth and caused by uterine infection.
Puff	a short quick blast of breath or wind.
Puff	sound of or like this.
Puff	small quantity of vapour, smoke, etc., emitted in one blast
Puff	light pastry cake containing jam, cream, etc.
Puff	gathered material in a dress etc.
Puff	extravagantly enthusiastic review, advertisement, etc., esp. In a newspaper.
Puff	emit a puff of air or breath; blow with short blasts.
Puff	Emit or move with puffs
Puff	Put out of breath
Puff	breathe hard; pant.
Puff	inflate; swell
Puff	blow or emit
Puff	With a puff.
Puff	smoke
Puff	In puffs.
Puff	(usu. As puffed up
Puff	) Elate; make proud or boastful.
Puff	advertise or promote with exaggerated or false praise.
Puff-adder	Large venomous african viper which inflates the upper part of its body.
Puffball	Ball-shaped fungus emitting clouds of spores.
Puffin	Atlantic and
Puffin	Pacific sea bird with a large head and brightly coloured triangular bill.
Puff pastry	Leaved pastry made light and flaky by rolling and folding the dough many times.
Puffy	swollen, puffed out.
Puffy	Short-winded.
Puffy	Puffiness
Pug	dog of a dwarf breed with a broad flat nose and wrinkled face.
Pugilist	boxer.
Pugilist	Pugilistic
Pugnacious	Quarrelsome; disposed to fight.
Pugnacious	Pugnacity
Pug-nose	Short squat or snub nose.
Puissance	Competitive jumping of large obstacles in showjumping.
Puissant	Literary or
Puissant	powerful; mighty.
Puke	vomit.
Pukka	Anglo-ind.
Pukka	genuine.
Pukka	of good quality; reliable
Pulchritude	Literary beauty.
Pule	literary cry querulously or weakly; whimper.
Pull	exert force upon
Pull	To move it to oneself or the origin of the force
Pull	exert a pulling force
Pull	extract
Pull	by pulling.
Pull	damage
Pull	By abnormal strain.
Pull	a move
Pull	by pulling on the oars.
Pull	Be caused to move, esp. In a specified direction.
Pull	proceed with effort
Pull	bring out
Pull	for use against
Pull	check the speed of
Pull	, esp. To lose a race.
Pull	attract
Pull	0 draw
Pull	from a barrel etc.
Pull	tear or pluck at.
Pull	inhale or drink deeply; draw or suck
Pull	remove
Pull	by the root.
Pull	4 a cricket strike
Pull	to the leg side.
Pull	golf strike
Pull	widely to the left.
Pull	5 print
Pull	succeed in attracting sexually.
Pull	act of pulling.
Pull	force exerted by this.
Pull	influence; advantage.
Pull	attraction or attention-getter.
Pull	deep draught of liquor.
Pull	prolonged effort, e.g. In going up a hill.
Pull	handle etc. For applying a pull.
Pull	printer's rough proof.
Pull	cricket
Pull	golf pulling stroke.
Pull	0 suck at a cigarette.
Pull	treat roughly.
Pull	pull from side to side. Pull apart
Pull	= take to pieces
Pull	. Pull back
Pull	retreat. Pull down
Pull	demolish (esp.
Pull	building).
Pull	humiliate. Pull a face distort the features, grimace. Pull a fast one see *fast1. Pull in
Pull	Arrive to take passengers.
Pull	move to the side of or off the road.
Pull	Earn or acquire.
Pull	Arrest. Pull a person's leg deceive playfully. Pull off
Pull	remove by pulling.
Pull	succeed in achieving or winning. Pull oneself together recover control of oneself. Pull the other one
Pull	Expressing disbelief
Pull	. Pull out
Pull	take out by pulling.
Pull	depart.
Pull	withdraw from an undertaking.
Pull	Leave a station, stop, etc.
Pull	move out from the side of the road, or to overtake. Pull over
Pull	pull in. Pull one's punches avoid using one's full force. Pull the plug on put an end to
Pull	. Pull rank take unfair advantage of one's seniority. Pull round
Pull	recover from an illness. Pull strings exert
Pull	influence. Pull together work in harmony. Pull up
Pull	stop moving.
Pull	pull out of the ground.
Pull	reprimand.
Pull	check oneself. Pull one's weight
Pull	Do one's fair share of work.
Pullet	Young hen, esp. One less than one year old.
Pulley	grooved wheel or wheels for a cord etc. To pass over, set in a block and used for changing the direction of a force.
Pulley	wheel or drum fixed on a shaft and turned by a belt, used esp. To increase speed or power.
Pull-in	Roadside café or other stopping-place.
Pullman	luxurious railway carriage or motor coach.
Pullman	sleeping-car.
Pull-out	Removable section of a magazine etc.
Pullover	Knitted garment put on over the head and covering the top half of the body.
Pullulate	Bud, sprout.
Pullulate	swarm, teem.
Pullulate	develop; spring up.
Pullulate	abound.
Pulmonary	of the lungs.
Pulmonary	having lungs or lunglike organs.
Pulmonary	affected with or susceptible to lung disease.
Pulp	soft fleshy part of fruit etc.
Pulp	soft thick wet mass, esp. From rags, wood, etc., used in paper-making.
Pulp	(often
Pulp	) Cheap fiction etc., orig. Printed on rough paper.
Pulp	Reduce to or become pulp.
Pulp	Pulpiness
Pulpit	raised enclosed platform in a church etc. From which the preacher delivers a sermon.
Pulpit	preachers collectively; preaching.
Pulpwood	Timber suitable for making paper-pulp.
Pulsar	Cosmic source of regular rapid pulses of radiation, e.g.
Pulsar	rotating neutron star.
Pulsate	expand and contract rhythmically; throb.
Pulsate	vibrate, quiver, thrill.
Pulsate	Pulsatory
Pulse1	a rhythmical throbbing of the arteries as blood is propelled through them, esp. In the wrists, temples, etc.
Pulse1	each beat of the arteries or heart.
Pulse1	throb or thrill of life or emotion.
Pulse1	general feeling or opinion.
Pulse1	single vibration of sound, electric current, light, etc., esp. As a signal.
Pulse1	rhythmical beat, esp. Of music.
Pulse1	pulsate.
Pulse2	(as sing. Or
Pulse2	edible seeds of various leguminous plants, e.g. Chick-peas, lentils, beans, etc.
Pulse2	plant producing these.
Pulverize	reduce or crumble to fine particles or dust.
Pulverize	Demolish, defeat utterly.
Puma	Wild american greyish-brown cat.
Pumice	light porous volcanic rock used in cleaning or polishing.
Pumice	piece of this used for removing hard skin etc.
Pummel	strike repeatedly, esp. With the fists.
Pump1	machine or device for raising or moving liquids, compressing gases, inflating tyres, etc.
Pump1	act of pumping; stroke of a pump.
Pump1	Raise or remove
Pump1	With a pump.
Pump1	fill
Pump1	With air.
Pump1	remove
Pump1	With a pump.
Pump1	work a pump.
Pump1	move, pour forth, etc., as if by pumping.
Pump1	persistently question
Pump1	to obtain information.
Pump1	a move vigorously up and down.
Pump1	shake
Pump1	effusively.
Pump1	Exercise with weights.
Pump2	plimsoll.
Pump2	light dancing shoe.
Pump2	us court shoe.
Pumpernickel	German wholemeal rye bread.
Pumpkin	large rounded yellow or orange fruit cooked as a vegetable.
Pumpkin	large-leaved tendrilled plant bearing this.
Pun	Humorous use of a word or words with two or more meanings; play on words.
Pun	Make a pun or puns with
Punch1	strike, esp. With a closed fist.
Punch1	a pierce a hole in
Punch1	As or with a punch.
Punch1	pierce
Punch1	thus.
Punch1	blow with a fist.
Punch1	ability to deliver this.
Punch1	Vigour, momentum; effective force.
Punch1	tool, machine, or device for punching holes or impressing a design in leather, metal, etc.
Punch2	Drink of wine or spirits mixed with water, fruit juices, spices, etc., and usu. Served hot.
Punch3	grotesque humpbacked puppet in punch and judy shows.
Punchball	Stuffed or inflated ball on a stand for punching as exercise or training.
Punch-bowl	bowl for punch.
Punch-bowl	deep round hollow in a hill.
Punch card	card etc. Perforated according to a code, for conveying instructions or data to a data processor etc.
Punch-drunk	Stupefied from or as if from a series of heavy blows.
Punch-line	Words giving the point of a joke or story.
Punch-up	Fist-fight; brawl.
Punchy	vigorous; forceful.
Punctilio	delicate point of ceremony or honour.
Punctilio	etiquette of such points.
Punctilio	petty formality.
Punctilious	attentive to formality or etiquette.
Punctilious	precise in behaviour.
Punctilious	Punctiliousness
Punctual	Keeping to the appointed time; prompt.
Punctual	Punctually
Punctuate	insert punctuation marks in.
Punctuate	interrupt at intervals
Punctuation	system of marks used to punctuate a written passage.
Punctuation	use of, or skill in using, these.
Punctuation mark	Any of the marks
Punctuation mark	used in writing to separate sentences etc. And clarify meaning.
Puncture	prick or pricking, esp. The accidental piercing of a pneumatic tyre.
Puncture	hole made in this way.
Puncture	make or undergo a puncture
Puncture	prick, pierce, or deflate
Pundit	learned hindu.
Pundit	often iron. Expert.
Pungent	sharp or strong in taste or smell, esp. Producing a smarting or pricking sensation.
Pungent	penetrating, biting, caustic.
Pungent	mentally stimulating.
Punish	inflict retribution on
Punish	or for
Punish	Inflict severe blows on
Punish	tax, abuse, or treat severely or improperly.
Punish	Punishing
Punishment	punishing or being punished.
Punishment	loss or suffering inflicted in this.
Punishment	Severe treatment or suffering.
Punitive	inflicting or intended to inflict punishment.
Punitive	Extremely severe.
Punjabi	native of punjab.
Punjabi	language of punjab.
Punjabi	Of punjab, its people, or language.
Punk	anti-establishment and deliberately outrageous style of rock music.
Punk	devotee of this.
Punk	esp. Us young hooligan or petty criminal; lout.
Punk	soft crumbly fungus-infested wood used as tinder.
Punkah	Large swinging cloth fan on a frame, worked by a cord or electrically.
Punnet	Small light basket or container for fruit or vegetables.
Punster	Person who makes puns, esp. Habitually.
Punt1	Square-ended flat-bottomed pleasure boat propelled by a long pole.
Punt1	propel
Punt1	with a pole.
Punt1	travel or convey in a punt.
Punt2	Kick
Punt2	after it has dropped from the hands and before it reaches the ground.
Punt2	Such a kick.
Punt3	bet on a horse etc.
Punt3	speculate in shares etc.
Punt3	lay a stake against the bank.
Punt4	Chief monetary unit of the republic of ireland.
Punter	person who gambles or lays a bet.
Punter	a customer or client; member of an audience.
Punter	prostitute's client.
Puny	undersized.
Puny	weak, feeble.
Pup	Young dog, wolf, rat, seal, etc.
Pup	Bring forth
Pupa	insect in the stage between larva and imago.
Pupil1	Person taught by another, esp.
Pupil1	schoolchild or student.
Pupil2	Dark circular opening in the centre of the iris of the eye.
Puppet	small figure moved esp. By strings as entertainment.
Puppet	person controlled by another.
Puppet state	Country that is nominally independent but actually under the control of another power.
Puppy	young dog.
Puppy	conceited or arrogant young man.
Puppy-fat	Temporary fatness of a child or adolescent.
Purblind	partly blind; dim-sighted.
Purblind	obtuse, dim-witted.
Purchase	buy.
Purchase	obtain or achieve at some cost.
Purchase	buying.
Purchase	thing bought.
Purchase	a firm hold to prevent slipping; leverage.
Purchase	device or tackle for moving heavy objects.
Purchase	annual rent or return from land.
Purdah	Ind. Screening of women from strangers by a veil or curtain in some muslim and hindu societies.
Pure	unmixed, unadulterated
Pure	of unmixed origin or descent
Pure	chaste.
Pure	not morally corrupt.
Pure	guiltless.
Pure	sincere.
Pure	perfectly in tune.
Pure	abstract, not applied.
Purée	Smooth pulp of vegetables or fruit etc.
Purée	make a purée of.
Purely	in a pure manner.
Purely	merely, solely, exclusively.
Purgative	serving to purify.
Purgative	strongly laxative.
Purgative	purgative thing.
Purgative	laxative.
Purgatory	rc ch. Supposed place or state of expiation of petty sins after death and before entering heaven.
Purgatory	place or state of temporary suffering or expiation.
Purgatory	Purifying.
Purge	make physically or spiritually clean.
Purge	remove by cleansing.
Purge	rid
Purge	Of unacceptable members.
Purge	a empty
Purge	empty the bowels of
Purge	law atone for
Purge	act of purging.
Purge	purgative.
Purify	clear of extraneous elements; make pure.
Purify	make ceremonially pure or clean.
Purify	Purificatory
Purify	Purifier
Purist	Advocate of scrupulous purity, esp. In language or art.
Purist	Puristic
Puritan	hist. Member of a group of english protestants who sought to simplify and regulate forms of worship after the reformation.
Puritan	purist member of any party.
Puritan	strict observer of religion or morals.
Puritan	hist. Of the puritans.
Puritan	scrupulous and austere in religion or morals.
Puritanical	Strictly religious or moral in behaviour.
Purity	Pureness, cleanness.
Purl1	knitting stitch made by putting the needle through the front of the previous stitch and passing the yarn round the back of the needle.
Purl1	chain of minute loops decorating the edges of lace etc.
Purl1	Knit with a purl stitch.
Purl2	Flow with a babbling sound.
Purler	Headlong fall.
Purlieu	person's bounds, limits, or usual haunts.
Purlieu	hist. Tract on the border of a forest.
Purlieu	(in
Purlieu	) Outskirts, outlying region.
Purlin	Horizontal beam along the length of a roof.
Purloin	Formal or joc. Steal, pilfer.
Purple	colour between red and blue.
Purple	crimson dye obtained from some molluscs.
Purple	purple robe, esp. Of an emperor or senior magistrate.
Purple	scarlet official dress of a cardinal.
Purple	position of rank, authority, or privilege.
Purple	Of a purple colour.
Purple	make or become purple.
Purple heart	Heart-shaped stimulant tablet, esp. Of amphetamine.
Purple passage	ornate or elaborate literary passage.
Purport	profess; be intended to seem
Purport	have as its meaning; state.
Purport	ostensible meaning.
Purport	sense or tenor
Purpose	object to be attained; thing intended.
Purpose	intention to act.
Purpose	resolution, determination.
Purpose	have as one's purpose; design, intend.
Purpose	relevant.
Purpose	useful.
Purpose-built	built or made for a specific purpose.
Purposeful	having or indicating purpose.
Purposeful	intentional.
Purposeful	resolute.
Purposeful	Purposefulness
Purposeless	Having no aim or plan.
Purposely	On purpose.
Purposive	having, serving, or done with a purpose.
Purposive	purposeful; resolute.
Purr	make a low vibratory sound expressing contentment.
Purr	Run smoothly and quietly.
Purr	express pleasure; utter purringly.
Purr	Purring sound.
Purse	small pouch for carrying money on the person.
Purse	us handbag.
Purse	money, funds.
Purse	sum as a present or prize in a contest.
Purse	pucker or contract
Purse	become wrinkled.
Purser	Officer on a ship who keeps the accounts, esp. The head steward in a passenger vessel.
Pursuance	carrying out or observance
Pursuant	in accordance with.
Pursue	follow with intent to overtake, capture, or do harm to; go in pursuit.
Pursue	continue or proceed along
Pursue	follow or engage in
Pursue	proceed according to
Pursue	seek after, aim at.
Pursue	continue to investigate or discuss
Pursue	importune
Pursue	persistently.
Pursue	Persistently assail.
Pursuit	act of pursuing.
Pursuit	occupation or activity pursued.
Pursuivant	Officer of the college of arms below a herald.
Purulent	Of, containing, or discharging pus.
Purvey	Provide or supply
Purvey	As one's business.
Purview	scope or range of a document, scheme, etc.
Purview	range of physical or mental vision.
Pus	Thick yellowish or greenish liquid produced from infected tissue.
Push	exert a force on
Push	to move it or cause it to move away.
Push	exert such a force
Push	a thrust forward or upward.
Push	project
Push	move forward or make
Push	by force or persistence.
Push	exert oneself, esp. To surpass others.
Push	Urge, impel, or press
Push	hard; harass.
Push	(often foll.
Push-button	button to be pushed, esp. To operate an electrical device.
Push-button	Operated thus.
Pushchair	Folding chair on wheels, for pushing a young child along in.
Pusher	Seller of illegal drugs.
Pushful	Pushy; arrogant.
Pushing	pushy.
Pushing	Having nearly reached
Pushover	something easily done.
Pushover	person easily persuaded, defeated, etc.
Push-start	Starting of a vehicle by pushing it to turn the engine.
Push-start	Start
Push-start	in this way.
Pushy	Excessively self-assertive.
Pushy	Pushiness
Pusillanimous	Formal cowardly, timid.
Puss	cat
Puss	sly or coquettish girl.
Pussy	Cat.
Pussy	vulva.
Pussyfoot	move stealthily.
Pussyfoot	equivocate; stall.
Pussy willow	Willow with furry catkins.
Pustulate	form into pustules.
Pustule	Pimple containing pus.
Put	(-tt-; past and
Put	Put)
Put	move to or cause to be in a specified place or position
Put	bring into a specified condition or state
Put	impose, enforce, assign, or apply
Put	place
Put	or
Put	Imagine
Put	in a specified position
Put	substitute
Put	for
Put	express in a specified way
Put	estimate
Put	At so much
Put	express or translate in
Put	invest
Put	stake
Put	on
Put	submit for attention
Put	2 throw (esp.
Put	shot or weight) as a sport.
Put	Proceed in a specified direction.
Put	Throw of the shot etc.
Put	spread
Put	Turn round; put
Put	on the opposite tack. Put across
Put	communicate
Put	Effectively.
Put	across) achieve by deceit. Put away
Put	restore
Put	to its usual or former place.
Put	lay
Put	Aside for future use.
Put	imprison or commit to a home etc.
Putative	Formal reputed, supposed
Put-down	Snub.
Put-on	Deception or hoax.
Putrefy	become or make putrid; go bad.
Putrefy	fester, suppurate.
Putrefy	become morally corrupt.
Putrefy	Putrefactive
Putrescent	Rotting.
Putrid	decomposed, rotten.
Putrid	foul, noxious.
Putrid	corrupt.
Putrid	of poor quality; contemptible; very unpleasant.
Putsch	Attempt at political revolution; violent uprising.
Putt	strike
Putt	gently on a putting-green.
Putt	Putting stroke.
Puttee	Hist. Long strip of cloth wound round the leg from ankle to knee for protection and support, worn esp. By soldiers.
Putter1	Golf club for putting.
Putter2	work or occupy oneself in a desultory manner.
Putter2	go slowly, dawdle, loiter
Putting-green	smooth area of grass round a hole.
Putty	Cement of whiting and linseed oil, used for fixing panes of glass, filling holes, etc.
Putty	cover, fix, join, or fill with putty.
Put-up job	Fraudulent scheme.
Puzzle	difficult or confusing problem.
Puzzle	problem or toy designed to test knowledge or ingenuity.
Puzzle	confound or disconcert mentally.
Puzzle	Be perplexed
Puzzle	(usu. As puzzling
Puzzle	) Require much mental effort
Puzzle	solve or understand by hard thought.
Puzzler	Difficult question or problem.
Pvc	Polyvinyl chloride.
Pw	Policewoman.
Pwr	Pressurized-water reactor.
Pyaemia	blood-poisoning caused by pus-forming bacteria in the bloodstream.
Pyemia	blood-poisoning caused by pus-forming bacteria in the bloodstream.
Pygmy	(often
Pygmy	member of a dwarf people of esp. Equatorial africa.
Pygmy	very small person, animal, or thing.
Pygmy	insignificant person.
Pyjamas	pl.
Pyjamas	suit of loose trousers and jacket for sleeping in.
Pyjamas	loose trousers worn by both sexes in some asian countries.
Pyjamas	Of either part of a pair of pyjamas
Pylon	Tall structure, esp. As a support for electric-power cables etc.
Pyorrhea	gum disease causing loosening of the teeth.
Pyorrhea	discharge of pus.
Pyorrhoea	gum disease causing loosening of the teeth.
Pyorrhoea	discharge of pus.
Pyracantha	Evergreen thorny shrub with white flowers and bright red or yellow berries.
Pyramid	monumental, esp. Stone, structure, with a square base and sloping triangular sides meeting at an apex, esp. An ancient egyptian royal tomb.
Pyramid	solid of this shape with esp.
Pyramid	square or triangular base.
Pyramid	pyramid-shaped thing or pile of things.
Pyramid selling	System of selling goods in which agency rights are sold to an increasing number of distributors at successively lower levels.
Pyre	Heap of combustible material, esp. For burning a corpse.
Pyrethrum	aromatic chrysanthemum.
Pyrethrum	insecticide from its dried flowers.
Pyretic	Of, for, or producing fever.
Pyrex	Propr. Hard heat-resistant glass, used esp. For ovenware.
Pyrexia	Med.
Pyrites	lustrous yellow mineral that is a sulphide of iron.
Pyro-	Form
Pyro-	denoting fire.
Pyro-	denoting a mineral etc. Changed under the action of heat, or fiery in colour.
Pyromania	Obsessive desire to start fires.
Pyrotechnics	art of making fireworks.
Pyrotechnics	display of fireworks.
Pyrotechnics	any brilliant display.
Pyrrhic	won at too great a cost.
Pythagoras' theorem	Theorem that the square on the hypotenuse of a right-angled triangle is equal to the sum of the squares on the other two sides.
Python	Large tropical constricting snake.
Pyx	Vessel for the consecrated bread of the eucharist.
Q1	seventeenth letter of the alphabet.
Q2	queen
Q2	question.
Qc	Queen's counsel.
Qed	Which was to be proved.
Qm	Quartermaster.
Qr.	Quarter
Qt	Quart
Qua	In the capacity of.
Quack1	Harsh sound made by ducks.
Quack1	Utter this sound.
Quack2	unqualified practitioner, esp. Of medicine; charlatan (often
Quack2	: quack cure).
Quack2	any doctor.
Quad1	Quadrangle.
Quad2	Quadruplet.
Quad3	Quadraphonics.
Quad3	Quadraphonic.
Quadragesima	First sunday in lent.
Quadrangle	four-sided plane figure, esp.
Quadrangle	square or rectangle.
Quadrangle	four-sided court, esp. In colleges.
Quadrant	quarter of a circle's circumference.
Quadrant	quarter of a circle enclosed by two radii at right angles.
Quadrant	quarter of a sphere etc.
Quadrant	any of four parts of a plane divided by two lines at right angles.
Quadrant	a graduated quarter-circular strip of metal etc.
Quadrant	instrument graduated (esp. Through an arc of
Quadrant	0°) for measuring angles.
Quadraphonic	using four transmission channels.
Quadraphonic	Quadraphonics
Quadraphonic	pl.
Quadrate	Esp. Anat.
Quadrate	zool. Square or rectangular.
Quadrate	Rectangular object.
Quadrate	make square.
Quadri-	Form four.
Quadriceps	Four-headed muscle at the front of the thigh.
Quadrilateral	Having four sides.
Quadrilateral	Four-sided figure.
Quadrille	a kind of square dance.
Quadrille	music for this.
Quadriplegia	Paralysis of all four limbs.
Quadruped	Four-footed animal, esp.
Quadruped	mammal.
Quadruple	fourfold; having four parts.
Quadruple	having four beats in a bar.
Quadruple	Fourfold number or amount.
Quadruple	multiply by four.
Quadruplet	Each of four children born at one birth.
Quadruplicate	fourfold.
Quadruplicate	of which four copies are made.
Quadruplicate	multiply by four.
Quaff	Literary
Quaff	drink deeply.
Quaff	drain
Quaff	In long draughts.
Quagmire	muddy or boggy area.
Quagmire	hazardous situation.
Quail1	small game-bird related to the partridge.
Quail2	Flinch; show fear.
Quaint	Attractively odd or old-fashioned.
Quaint	Quaintness
Quake	shake, tremble.
Quake	Earthquake.
Quaker	Member of the society of friends.
Qualification	accomplishment fitting a person for a position or purpose.
Qualification	thing that modifies or limits
Qualification	qualifying or being qualified.
Qualify	(often as qualified
Qualify	) Make competent or fit for a position or purpose.
Qualify	make legally entitled.
Qualify	satisfy conditions or requirements.
Qualify	modify or limit
Qualify	attribute a quality to esp.
Qualify	noun.
Qualify	moderate, mitigate; make less severe.
Qualify	be describable as, count as
Qualitative	Of quality as opposed to quantity.
Quality	degree of excellence.
Quality	a general excellence
Quality	Of high quality
Quality	attribute, faculty
Quality	relative nature or character.
Quality	timbre of a voice or sound.
Quality	high social standing
Quality control	Maintaining of standards in products or services by testing samples.
Qualm	misgiving; uneasy doubt.
Qualm	scruple of conscience.
Qualm	momentary faint or sick feeling.
Quandary	perplexed state.
Quandary	practical dilemma.
Quango	semi-public body with financial support from and senior appointments made by the government.
Quanta	Of *quantum.
Quantify	determine the quantity of.
Quantify	express as a quantity.
Quantify	Quantification
Quantitative	of quantity as opposed to quality.
Quantitative	measured or measurable by quantity.
Quantity	property of things that is measurable.
Quantity	size, extent, weight, amount, or number.
Quantity	specified or considerable portion, number, or amount
Quantity	(in
Quantity	) Large amounts or numbers; an abundance.
Quantity	length or shortness of vowel sounds or syllables.
Quantity	math. Value, component, etc. That may be expressed in numbers.
Quantity surveyor	Person who measures and prices building work.
Quantum	physics discrete amount of energy proportional to the frequency of radiation it represents.
Quantum	a required or allowed amount.
Quantum jump	sudden large increase or advance.
Quantum jump	physics abrupt transition in an atom or molecule from one quantum state to another.
Quantum mechanics	pl.
Quantum mechanics	physics theory assuming that energy exists in discrete units.
Quarantine	isolation imposed on persons or animals to prevent infection or contagion.
Quarantine	period of this.
Quarantine	put in quarantine.
Quark1	Physics component of elementary particles.
Quark2	kind of low-fat curd cheese.
Quarrel	severe or angry dispute or contention.
Quarrel	break in friendly relations.
Quarrel	cause of complaint
Quarrel	find fault.
Quarrel	dispute; break off friendly relations.
Quarrelsome	Given to quarrelling.
Quarry1	place from which stone etc. May be extracted.
Quarry1	extract
Quarry1	from a quarry.
Quarry2	intended victim or prey.
Quarry2	object of pursuit.
Quarry tile	Unglazed floor-tile.
Quart	Liquid measure equal to a quarter of a gallon; two pints
Quarter	each of four equal parts into which a thing is divided.
Quarter	period of three months.
Quarter	point of time
Quarter	5 minutes before or after any hour.
Quarter	5 us or canadian cents.
Quarter	coin for this.
Quarter	part of a town, esp. As occupied by a particular class
Quarter	a point of the compass.
Quarter	region at this.
Quarter	direction, district, or source of supply
Quarter	(in
Quarter	lodgings.
Quarter	accommodation of troops etc.
Quarter	a one fourth of a lunar month.
Quarter	moon's position between the first and second
Quarter	or third and fourth
Quarter	of these.
Quarter	0 a each of the four parts into which a carcass is divided.
Quarter	1 mercy towards an enemy etc. On condition of surrender.
Quarter	2 a grain measure equivalent to
Quarter	bushels.
Quarter	one-fourth of a hundredweight. C
Quarter	One-fourth of a pound weight.
Quarter	3 each of four divisions on a shield.
Quarter	divide into quarters.
Quarter	hist. Divide
Quarter	in this way.
Quarter	a put
Quarter	Into quarters.
Quarter	provide with lodgings.
Quarter	heraldry place
Quarter	on the four quarters of a shield.
Quarterback	Player in american football who directs attacking play.
Quarter day	One of four days on which quarterly payments are due, tenancies begin and end, etc.
Quarterdeck	Part of a ship's upper deck near the stern, usu. Reserved for officers.
Quarter-final	Match or round preceding the semifinal.
Quarter-hour	period of
Quarter-hour	5 minutes.
Quarter-light	Small pivoted window in the side of a car, carriage, etc.
Quarterly	Produced or occurring once every quarter of a year.
Quarterly	Once every quarter of a year.
Quarterly	quarterly journal.
Quartermaster	regimental officer in charge of quartering, rations, etc.
Quartermaster	naval petty officer in charge of steering, signals, etc.
Quarter sessions	pl. Hist. Court of limited criminal and civil jurisdiction, usu. Held quarterly.
Quarterstaff	Hist. Stout pole
Quarterstaff	–8 feet long, formerly used as a weapon.
Quartet	composition for four performers.
Quartet	the performers.
Quartet	any group of four.
Quarto	size of a book or page given by folding a sheet of standard size twice to form four leaves.
Quarto	book or sheet of this size.
Quartz	Silica in various mineral forms.
Quartz clock	clock or watch operated by vibrations of an electrically driven quartz crystal.
Quasar	Astron. Starlike object with a large redshift.
Quash	annul; reject as invalid, esp. By a legal procedure.
Quash	suppress, crush.
Quasi-	Form
Quasi-	seemingly, not really.
Quasi-	almost.
Quaternary	having four parts.
Quaternary	geol. Of the most recent period in the cenozoic era.
Quaternary	geol. This period.
Quatrain	Four-line stanza.
Quatrefoil	Four-pointed or -leafed figure, esp. As an architectural ornament.
Quattrocento	5th-c. Italian art.
Quaver	vibrate, shake, tremble.
Quaver	sing or say with a quavering voice.
Quaver	Note half as long as a crotchet.
Quaver	trill in singing.
Quaver	tremble in speech.
Quay	Artificial landing-place for loading and unloading ships.
Quayside	Land forming or near a quay.
Queasy	nauseous.
Queasy	easily upset, weak of digestion.
Queasy	Overscrupulous.
Queasy	Queasiness
Queen	female sovereign.
Queen	king's wife.
Queen	woman, country, or thing pre-eminent of its kind.
Queen	fertile female among ants, bees, etc.
Queen	most powerful piece in chess.
Queen	court-card depicting a queen.
Queen	national anthem when the sovereign is female.
Queen	offens. Male homosexual.
Queen	belle or mock sovereign for some event
Queen	Chess convert
Queen	into a queen when it reaches the opponent's side of the board.
Queen	. Queenliness
Queen-anne	(often
Queen-anne	) Style of english architecture, furniture, etc., in the early
Queen-anne	8th c.
Queen bee	fertile female bee.
Queen bee	woman who behaves as if she is the most important person in a group.
Queen mother	Dowager who is mother of the sovereign.
Queen-post	Either of two upright timbers between the tie-beam and main rafters of a roof-truss.
Queensberry rules	pl. Standard rules, esp. Of boxing.
Queen's counsel	Counsel to the crown, taking precedence over other barristers.
Queen's english	english language correctly written or spoken.
Queen's guide	Guide who has reached the highest rank of proficiency.
Queen's highway	Public road, regarded as being under the sovereign's protection.
Queen's proctor	Official who has the right to intervene in probate, divorce, and nullity cases when collusion or the suppression of facts is alleged.
Queen's scout	Scout who has reached the highest standard of proficiency.
Queer	strange, odd, eccentric.
Queer	shady, suspect, of questionable character.
Queer	slightly ill; faint.
Queer	offens.
Queer	homosexual.
Queer	offens. Homosexual.
Queer	spoil, put out of order.
Queer	in difficulty, esp. In debt. Queer a person's pitch
Queer	Spoil a person's chances.
Quell	crush or put down
Quell	suppress
Quench	satisfy
Quench	by drinking.
Quench	extinguish
Quench	cool, esp. With water.
Quench	esp. Metallurgy cool
Quench	in cold water etc.
Quench	stifle or suppress
Quern	Hand-mill for grinding corn.
Querulous	Complaining, peevish.
Query	question.
Query	question mark or the word query as a mark of interrogation.
Query	ask or inquire.
Query	call in question.
Query	dispute the accuracy of.
Quest	search or seeking.
Quest	thing sought, esp. By a medieval knight.
Quest	go about in search of something
Question	sentence worded or expressed so as to seek information or an answer.
Question	a doubt or dispute about a matter
Question	raising of such doubt etc.
Question	matter to be discussed or decided.
Question	problem requiring a solution.
Question	ask questions of; interrogate; subject
Question	to examination.
Question	throw doubt upon; raise objections to.
Questionable	Doubtful as regards truth, quality, honesty, wisdom, etc.
Question mark	Punctuation mark
Question mark	Indicating a question.
Question-master	Person presiding over a quiz game etc.
Questionnaire	Formulated series of questions, esp. For statistical analysis.
Question time	Period in parliament when mps may question ministers.
Queue	Line or sequence of persons, vehicles, etc. Waiting their turn.
Queue	form or join a queue.
Queue-jump	Push forward out of turn in a queue.
Quibble	petty objection; trivial point of criticism.
Quibble	evasion; argument relying on ambiguity.
Quibble	pun.
Quibble	use quibbles.
Quiche	Savoury flan.
Quick	taking only a short time
Quick	arriving after a short time, prompt.
Quick	with only a short interval
Quick	lively, intelligent, alert.
Quick	easily roused.
Quick	alive
Quick	(also as
Quick	) Quickly.
Quick	soft sensitive flesh, esp. Below the nails.
Quick	seat of emotion
Quicken	make or become quicker; accelerate.
Quicken	give life or vigour to; rouse.
Quicken	a
Quicken	reach a stage in pregnancy when movements of the foetus can be felt.
Quicken	begin to show signs of life.
Quick-fire	Rapid; in rapid succession.
Quick-freeze	Freeze
Quick-freeze	rapidly so as to preserve its natural qualities.
Quickie	Thing done or made quickly.
Quick one	Drink
Quick one	taken quickly.
Quicksand	(often in
Quicksand	area of loose wet sand that sucks in anything placed on it.
Quicksand	treacherous situation etc.
Quickset	Formed of cuttings, esp. Hawthorn.
Quickset	Hedge formed in this way.
Quicksilver	Mercury.
Quickstep	Fast foxtrot.
Quick-tempered	Easily angered.
Quick-witted	Quick to grasp a situation, make repartee, etc.
Quid1	one pound sterling.
Quid1	in a position of profit.
Quid2	Lump of tobacco for chewing.
Quiddity	philos. Essence of a thing.
Quiddity	quibble; trivial objection.
Quid pro quo	return made
Quiescent	Inert, dormant.
Quiet	with little or no sound or motion.
Quiet	of gentle or peaceful disposition.
Quiet	unobtrusive; not showy.
Quiet	not overt; disguised.
Quiet	undisturbed, uninterrupted; free or far from vigorous action.
Quiet	informal
Quiet	enjoyed in quiet
Quiet	not anxious or remorseful.
Quiet	not busy
Quiet	0 peaceful
Quiet	silence; stillness.
Quiet	undisturbed state; tranquillity.
Quiet	make or become quiet or calm.
Quietism	Passive contemplative attitude towards life, esp. As a form of mysticism.
Quietude	State of quiet.
Quietus	Release from life; death, final riddance
Quiff	man's tuft of hair, brushed upward over the forehead.
Quiff	curl plastered down on the forehead.
Quill	large feather in a wing or tail.
Quill	hollow stem of this.
Quill	pen made of a quill.
Quill	(usu. In
Quill	) Porcupine's spine.
Quilt	Coverlet, esp. Of quilted material.
Quilt	Line a coverlet or garment with padding enclosed between layers of cloth by lines of stitching.
Quilt	Quilting
Quim	female genitals.
Quin	Quintuplet.
Quince	acid pear-shaped fruit used in jams etc.
Quince	tree bearing this.
Quincentenary	00th anniversary; celebration of this.
Quincentenary	Of this anniversary.
Quincunx	Five objects, esp. Trees, at the corners and centre of a square or rectangle.
Quinine	Bitter drug obtained from cinchona bark, used as a tonic and to reduce fever.
Quinquagesima	Sunday before lent.
Quinquennial	lasting five years.
Quinquennial	recurring every five years.
Quinquereme	Ancient roman galley with five files of oarsmen on each side.
Quintessence	purest and most perfect form, manifestation, or embodiment of a quality etc.
Quintessence	highly refined extract.
Quintessence	Quintessentially
Quintet	composition for five performers.
Quintet	the performers.
Quintet	any group of five.
Quintuple	Fivefold; having five parts.
Quintuple	Fivefold number or amount.
Quintuple	multiply by five.
Quintuplet	Each of five children born at one birth.
Quintuplicate	fivefold.
Quintuplicate	of which five copies are made.
Quintuplicate	multiply by five.
Quip	Clever saying; epigram.
Quip	make quips.
Quire	5 (formerly
Quire	4) sheets of paper.
Quirk	peculiar feature, peculiarity.
Quirk	trick of fate.
Quisling	Traitor, collaborator.
Quit	(-tting; past and
Quit	Quitted or quit)
Quit	Give up, let go, abandon
Quit	us cease, stop
Quit	leave or depart from.
Quit	rid of
Quite	completely, entirely, wholly.
Quite	to some extent, rather.
Quite	said to indicate agreement.
Quite	fairly large number of. Quite something
Quite	Remarkable thing or person.
Quits	On even terms by retaliation or repayment.
Quitter	person who gives up easily.
Quitter	shirker.
Quiver1	Tremble or vibrate with a slight rapid motion.
Quiver1	Quivering motion or sound.
Quiver2	Case for arrows.
Quixotic	Extravagantly and romantically chivalrous.
Quiz	test of knowledge, esp. As entertainment.
Quiz	interrogation, examination.
Quiz	examine by questioning.
Quizzical	Expressing or done with mild or amused perplexity.
Quod	prison.
Quoin	external angle of a building.
Quoin	cornerstone.
Quoin	wedge used in printing and gunnery.
Quoit	ring thrown to encircle an iron peg.
Quoit	(in
Quoit	) Game using these.
Quondam	That once was, sometime, former.
Quorate	Constituting or having a quorum.
Quorum	Minimum number of members that must be present to constitute a valid meeting.
Quota	share to be contributed to, or received from, a total.
Quota	number of goods, people, etc., stipulated or permitted.
Quotable	Worth quoting.
Quotation	passage or remark quoted.
Quotation	quoting or being quoted.
Quotation	contractor's estimate.
Quotation marks	pl. Inverted commas
Quotation marks	used at the beginning and end of a quotation etc.
Quote	cite or appeal to
Quote	In confirmation of some view.
Quote	a repeat or copy out a passage from.
Quote	cite
Quote	cite
Quote	As proof, evidence, etc.
Quote	a enclose
Quote	in quotation marks.
Quote	) Verbal formula indicating opening quotation marks
Quote	State the price of.
Quote	passage quoted.
Quote	price quoted.
Quote	(usu. In
Quote	) Quotation marks.
Quoth	(only in
Quoth	st and
Quoth	rd person)
Quoth	said.
Quotidian	occurring or recurring daily.
Quotidian	commonplace, trivial.
Quotient	Result of a division sum.
Q.v.	Which see
Qwerty	Denoting the standard keyboard on english-language typewriters etc., with q, w, e, r, t, and y as the first keys on the top row of letters.
R1	eighteenth letter of the alphabet.
R2	regina
R2	rex.
R2	river.
R2	registered as a trademark.
R2	chess rook.
R.	right.
R.	radius.
Ra	a royal academy.
Ra	royal academician.
Ra	royal artillery.
Ra	Radium.
Rabbet	Step-shaped channel cut along the edge or face of a length of wood etc., usu. To receive the edge or tongue of another piece.
Rabbet	join or fix with a rabbet.
Rabbet	make a rabbet in.
Rabbi	jewish scholar or teacher, esp. Of the law.
Rabbi	jewish religious leader.
Rabbit	a burrowing plant-eating mammal of the hare family.
Rabbit	us hare.
Rabbit	its fur.
Rabbit	hunt rabbits.
Rabbit	Talk pointlessly; chatter.
Rabbit punch	Short chop with the edge of the hand to the nape of the neck.
Rabble	disorderly crowd, mob.
Rabble	contemptible or inferior set of people.
Rabble	the lower or disorderly classes of the populace.
Rabble-rouser	Person who stirs up the rabble or a crowd, esp. To agitate for social change.
Rabelaisian	of or like the french satirist rabelais or his writings.
Rabelaisian	marked by exuberant imagination and
Rabelaisian	humour.
Rabid	affected with rabies, mad.
Rabid	violent, fanatical.
Rabies	Contagious viral disease of esp. Dogs, transmissible through saliva to humans etc. And causing madness; hydrophobia.
Rac	Royal automobile club.
Race1	contest of speed between runners, horses, vehicles, ships, etc.
Race1	(in
Race1	) Series of these for horses, dogs, etc., at a fixed time on a regular course.
Race1	contest between persons to be first to achieve something.
Race1	a strong current in the sea or a river.
Race1	channel
Race1	take part in a race.
Race1	have a race with.
Race1	try to surpass in speed.
Race1	compete in speed with.
Race1	cause to race.
Race1	a go at full or excessive speed.
Race1	cause to do this.
Race1	(usu. As racing
Race1	) Follow or take part in horse-racing
Race2	each of the major divisions of humankind, each having distinct physical characteristics.
Race2	fact or concept of division into races.
Race2	genus, species, breed, or variety of animals or plants.
Race2	group of persons, animals, or plants connected by common descent.
Race2	any great division of living creatures
Racecourse	Ground for horse-racing.
Racegoer	Person who frequents horse-races.
Racehorse	Horse bred or kept for racing.
Raceme	Flower cluster with separate flowers attached by short stalks at equal distances along the stem.
Race meeting	Sequence of horse-races at one place.
Race relations	pl. Relations between members of different races in the same country.
Race riot	Outbreak of violence due to racial antagonism.
Racetrack	track for motor racing.
Racial	of or concerning race.
Racial	on the grounds of or connected with difference in race.
Racing car	Motor car built for racing.
Racing driver	Driver of a racing car.
Racism	belief in the superiority of a particular race; prejudice based on this.
Racism	antagonism towards other races.
Rack1	framework, usu. With rails, bars, etc., for holding things.
Rack1	cogged or toothed bar or rail engaging with a wheel or pinion etc.
Rack1	hist. Instrument of torture stretching the victim's joints.
Rack1	inflict suffering on.
Rack1	hist. Torture
Rack1	on the rack.
Rack1	place in or on a rack.
Rack1	shake violently.
Rack1	injure by straining.
Rack2	Destruction
Rack3	draw off
Rack3	From the lees.
Racket1	bat with a round or oval frame strung with catgut, nylon, etc., used in tennis, squash, etc.
Racket1	(in
Racket1	) Game like squash, played in a court of four plain walls.
Racket2	disturbance, uproar, din.
Racket2	a scheme for obtaining money etc. By dishonest means.
Racket2	dodge; sly game.
Racket2	Line of business.
Racketeer	Person who operates a dishonest business.
Rack-rent	Extortionate rent.
Raconteur	Teller of anecdotes.
Racoon	American mammal with a bushy tail and sharp snout.
Racoon	its fur.
Racy	lively and vigorous in style.
Racy	risqué.
Racy	of distinctive quality
Rad	Unit of absorbed dose of ionizing radiation.
Rada	Royal academy of dramatic art.
Radar	system for detecting the direction, range, or presence of objects, by sending out pulses of high frequency electromagnetic waves which they reflect.
Radar	apparatus for this.
Radar trap	Device using radar to detect speeding vehicles.
Raddle	Red ochre.
Raddle	colour with raddle or too much rouge.
Raddle	(as raddled
Raddle	) Worn out.
Radial	of or in rays.
Radial	a arranged like rays or radii.
Radial	having spokes or radiating lines.
Radial	acting or moving along lines diverging from a centre.
Radial	having fabric layers arranged radially and the tread strengthened.
Radial	Radial-ply tyre.
Radian	Si unit of angle, equal to an angle at the centre of a circle the arc of which is equal in length to the radius (1 radian is approx.
Radian	7°).
Radiant	emitting rays of light.
Radiant	beaming with joy, hope, or love.
Radiant	splendid or dazzling.
Radiant	issuing in rays.
Radiant	Point or object from which light or heat radiates.
Radiant	Radiantly
Radiant heat	Heat transmitted by radiation.
Radiate	a emit rays of light, heat, etc.
Radiate	be emitted in rays.
Radiate	emit
Radiate	From a centre.
Radiate	transmit or demonstrate
Radiate	diverge or spread from a centre.
Radiate	Having divergent rays or parts radially arranged.
Radiation	radiating or being radiated.
Radiation	physics a emission of energy as electromagnetic waves or as moving particles.
Radiation	energy transmitted in this way, esp. Invisibly.
Radiation	treatment of cancer etc. Using radiation, e.g. X-rays or ultraviolet light.
Radiation sickness	Sickness caused by exposure to radiation, such as gamma rays.
Radiator	device for heating a room etc., consisting of a metal case through which hot water or steam circulates.
Radiator	engine-cooling device in a motor vehicle or aircraft.
Radical	fundamental
Radical	far-reaching; thorough
Radical	advocating thorough reform; holding extreme political views; revolutionary.
Radical	forming the basis; primary.
Radical	of the root of a number or quantity.
Radical	Seeking to ensure the removal of all diseased tissue.
Radical	of the roots of words.
Radical	bot. Of the root.
Radical	person holding radical views or belonging to a radical party.
Radical	chem.
Radical	atom or a group of these normally forming part of a compound and remaining unaltered during the compound's ordinary chemical changes.
Radical	root of a word.
Radical	math. Quantity forming or expressed as the root of another.
Radical	Radically
Radicchio	chicory with reddish-purple leaves.
Radicle	Part of a plant embryo that develops into the primary root; rootlet.
Radii	Of *radius.
Radio	(often
Radio	transmission and reception of sound messages etc. By electromagnetic waves of radio frequency.
Radio	apparatus for receiving, broadcasting, or transmitting radio signals.
Radio	a sound broadcasting
Radio	broadcasting station or channel
Radio	a send
Radio	by radio.
Radio	send a message to
Radio	by radio.
Radio	communicate or broadcast by radio.
Radio-	Form
Radio-	denoting radio or broadcasting.
Radio-	connected with radioactivity.
Radio-	connected with rays or radiation.
Radioactive	Of or exhibiting radioactivity.
Radioactivity	Spontaneous disintegration of atomic nuclei, with the emission of usu. Penetrating radiation or particles.
Radiocarbon	Radioactive isotope of carbon.
Radio-controlled	Controlled from a distance by radio.
Radio frequency	frequency band of telecommunication, ranging from
Radio frequency	04 to
Radio frequency	011 or
Radio frequency	012 hz.
Radiogram	combined radio and record-player.
Radiogram	picture obtained by x-rays etc.
Radiogram	telegram sent by radio.
Radiograph	instrument recording the intensity of radiation.
Radiograph	Obtain a picture of by x-ray, gamma ray, etc.
Radiograph	Radiography
Radioisotope	Radioactive isotope.
Radiology	The study of x-rays and other high-energy radiation, esp. As used in medicine.
Radiophonic	Of or relating to electronically produced sound, esp. Music.
Radioscopy	Examination by x-rays etc. Of objects opaque to light.
Radio-telegraphy	Telegraphy using radio.
Radio-telephony	Telephony using radio.
Radio telescope	Directional aerial system for collecting and analysing radiation in the radio frequency range from stars etc.
Radiotherapy	Treatment of disease by x-rays or other forms of radiation.
Radish	plant with a fleshy pungent root.
Radish	this root, eaten esp. Raw.
Radium	Radioactive metallic element orig. Obtained from pitchblende etc., used esp. In radiotherapy.
Radius	a straight line from the centre to the circumference of a circle or sphere.
Radius	length of this.
Radius	distance from a centre (within a radius of
Radius	0 miles).
Radius	a thicker and shorter of the two bones in the human forearm.
Radius	corresponding bone in a vertebrate's foreleg or a bird's wing.
Radix	math. Number or symbol used as the basis of a numeration scale
Radon	Gaseous radioactive inert element arising from the disintegration of radium.
Raf	Royal air force.
Raffia	palm-tree native to madagascar.
Raffia	fibre from its leaves, used for weaving and for tying plants etc.
Raffish	disreputable, rakish.
Raffish	tawdry.
Raffle	Fund-raising lottery with prizes.
Raffle	sell by means of a raffle.
Raft	Flat floating structure of timber or other materials for conveying persons or things.
Rafter	Each of the sloping beams forming the framework of a roof.
Rag1	torn, frayed, or worn piece of woven material.
Rag1	(in
Rag1	) Old or worn clothes.
Rag1	Scraps of cloth used as material for paper, stuffing, etc.
Rag1	derog. Newspaper.
Rag2	fund-raising programme of stunts, parades, and entertainment organized by students.
Rag2	prank.
Rag2	a rowdy celebration.
Rag2	noisy disorderly scene.
Rag2	tease; play rough jokes on.
Rag2	engage in rough play; be noisy and riotous.
Rag3	Ragtime composition.
Ragamuffin	Child in ragged dirty clothes.
Rag-and-bone man	Itinerant dealer in old clothes, furniture, etc.
Rag-bag	bag for scraps of fabric etc.
Rag-bag	miscellaneous collection.
Rag doll	Stuffed cloth doll.
Rage	fierce or violent anger.
Rage	fit of this.
Rage	violent action of a natural force.
Rage	be full of anger.
Rage	speak furiously or madly.
Rage	Be violent; be at its height.
Rage	(as raging
Rage	) Extreme, very painful
Ragged	torn; frayed.
Ragged	in ragged clothes.
Ragged	with a broken or jagged outline or surface.
Ragged	faulty, imperfect; lacking finish, smoothness, or uniformity.
Ragged robin	Pink-flowered campion with tattered petals.
Raglan	running up to the neck of a garment.
Raglan	(often
Raglan	) Overcoat without shoulder seams, the sleeves running up to the neck.
Ragout	Meat stewed with vegetables and highly seasoned.
Ragtag	derog. Rabble or common people.
Ragtime	Form of highly syncopated early jazz, esp. For the piano.
Rag trade	The clothing business.
Ragwort	Yellow-flowered ragged-leaved plant.
Raid	rapid surprise attack, esp.: a in warfare.
Raid	in order to commit a crime, steal, or do harm.
Raid	surprise attack by police etc. To arrest suspected persons or seize illicit goods.
Raid	Make a raid on.
Rail1	level or sloping bar or series of bars: a used to hang things on.
Rail1	as the top of banisters.
Rail1	forming part of a fence or barrier as protection.
Rail1	steel bar or continuous line of bars laid on the ground, usu. As a railway.
Rail1	(often
Rail1	) Railway.
Rail1	furnish with a rail or rails.
Rail1	enclose with rails.
Rail2	complain or protest strongly; rant.
Rail3	Wading bird often inhabiting marshes.
Railcar	Single powered railway coach.
Railcard	Pass entitling the holder to reduced rail fares.
Railing	(usu. In
Railing	) Fence or barrier made of rails.
Raillery	Good-humoured ridicule.
Railroad	Esp. Us
Railroad	Coerce; rush
Railway	track or set of tracks of steel rails upon which trains run.
Railway	such a system worked by a single company.
Railway	organization and personnel required for its working.
Railwayman	Railway employee.
Raiment	clothing.
Rain	a condensed atmospheric moisture falling in drops.
Rain	fall of such drops.
Rain	(in
Rain	rainy season.
Rain	rainfalls.
Rain	a falling liquid or solid particles or objects.
Rain	rainlike descent of these.
Rain	rain falls.
Rain	a fall like rain.
Rain	send in large quantities.
Rain	send down like rain; lavishly bestow
Rain	Send down rain.
Rainbow	Arch of colours formed in the sky by reflection, refraction, and dispersion of the sun's rays in falling rain or in spray or mist.
Rainbow	Many-coloured.
Rainbow trout	Large trout orig. Of the pacific coast of
Rainbow trout	America.
Rain check	Esp. Us ticket given for later use when an outdoor event is interrupted or postponed by rain.
Raincoat	Waterproof or water-resistant coat.
Raindrop	Single drop of rain.
Rainfall	fall of rain.
Rainfall	quantity of rain falling within a given area in a given time.
Rainforest	Luxuriant tropical forest with heavy rainfall.
Rainproof	Impervious to rain.
Rainstorm	Storm with heavy rain.
Rainwater	Water collected from fallen rain.
Rainwear	Clothes for wearing in the rain.
Rainy	In or on which rain is falling or much rain usually falls.
Rainy day	Time of special need in the future.
Raise	put or take into a higher position.
Raise	cause to rise or stand up or be vertical.
Raise	increase the amount, value, or strength of.
Raise	construct or build up.
Raise	levy, collect, or bring together
Raise	cause to be heard or considered
Raise	set going or bring into being
Raise	bring up, educate.
Raise	breed, grow.
Raise	0 promote to a higher rank.
Raise	multiply a quantity to a power.
Raise	2 cause
Raise	to rise.
Raise	3 cards bet more than
Raise	4 end
Raise	5 remove
Raise	6 cause
Raise	To appear.
Raise	Get hold of, find.
Raise	8 rouse from sleep or death, or from a lair.
Raise	cards increase in a stake or bid.
Raise	esp. Us increase in salary.
Raise	= raise the roof. Raise one's eyebrows see *eyebrow. Raise from the dead restore to life. Raise a laugh cause others to laugh. Raise the roof be very angry; cause an uproar.
Raisin	Dried grape.
Raison d'être	purpose or reason that accounts for, justifies, or originally caused a thing's existence.
Raj	hist. British sovereignty in india.
Raja	hist.
Raja	indian king or prince.
Raja	petty dignitary or noble in india.
Rake1	implement consisting of a pole with a toothed crossbar at the end for drawing together hay etc. Or smoothing loose soil or gravel.
Rake1	similar implement used
Rake1	To draw in money at a gaming-table.
Rake1	collect or gather with or as with a rake.
Rake1	make tidy or smooth with a rake.
Rake1	use a rake.
Rake1	search thoroughly, ransack.
Rake1	direct gunfire along
Rake1	from end to end.
Rake1	scratch or scrape.
Rake1	Amass
Rake1	. Rake up revive the
Rake1	memory of.
Rake2	Dissolute man of fashion.
Rake3	set or be set at a sloping angle.
Rake3	incline from the perpendicular towards the stern.
Rake3	raking position or build.
Rake3	amount by which a thing rakes.
Rake-off	Commission or share.
Rakish	dashing; jaunty.
Rakish	dissolute.
Rallentando	With a gradual decrease of speed.
Rallentando	passage to be performed in this way.
Rally1	bring or come together as support or for action.
Rally1	bring or come together again after a rout or dispersion.
Rally1	recover after illness etc., revive.
Rally1	revive
Rally1	Increase after a fall.
Rally1	rallying or being rallied.
Rally1	mass meeting of supporters or persons with a common interest.
Rally1	competition for motor vehicles, mainly over public roads.
Rally1	Extended exchange of strokes.
Rally2	ridicule good-humouredly.
Rallycross	Motor racing over roads and cross-country.
Ram	royal academy of music.
Ram	random-access memory.
Ram	uncastrated male sheep.
Ram	zodiacal sign or constellation aries.
Ram	hist.
Ram	falling weight of a pile-driving machine.
Ram	hydraulically operated water pump.
Ram	force or squeeze into place by pressure.
Ram	Beat down or drive in by heavy blows.
Ram	Strike violently, crash against.
Ram	dash or violently impel.
Ramadan	Ninth month of the muslim year, with strict fasting from sunrise to sunset.
Ramble	walk for pleasure.
Ramble	talk or write incoherently.
Ramble	Walk taken for pleasure.
Rambler	person who rambles.
Rambler	straggling or spreading rose.
Rambling	wandering.
Rambling	disconnected, incoherent.
Rambling	Irregularly arranged.
Rambling	straggling, climbing.
Rambutan	red plum-sized prickly fruit.
Rambutan	e. Indian tree bearing this.
Ramc	Royal army medical corps.
Ramekin	small dish for baking and serving an individual portion of food.
Ramekin	food served in this.
Ramification	(usu. In
Ramification	consequence.
Ramification	subdivision of a complex structure or process.
Ramify	form branches, subdivisions, or offshoots; branch out.
Ramp	slope, esp. Joining two levels of ground, floor, etc.
Ramp	movable stairs for entering or leaving an aircraft.
Ramp	transverse ridge in a road making vehicles slow down.
Ramp	furnish or build with a ramp.
Ramp	a assume a threatening posture.
Ramp	storm, rage.
Rampage	rush wildly or violently about.
Rampage	rage, storm.
Rampage	Wild or violent behaviour.
Rampant	unchecked, flourishing excessively.
Rampant	rank, luxuriant.
Rampant	heraldry
Rampant	standing on its left hind foot with its forepaws in the air
Rampant	violent, fanatical.
Rampart	a defensive wall with a broad top and usu.
Rampart	stone parapet.
Rampart	walkway on top of this.
Rampart	defence, protection.
Ramrod	rod for ramming down the charge of a muzzle-loading firearm.
Ramrod	thing that is very straight or rigid.
Ramshackle	Tumbledown, rickety.
Ranch	cattle-breeding establishment, esp. In the us and canada.
Ranch	farm where other animals are bred
Ranch	Farm on a ranch.
Rancid	Smelling or tasting like rank stale fat.
Rancor	inveterate bitterness, malignant hate.
Rancour	inveterate bitterness, malignant hate.
Rand	Chief monetary unit of south africa.
R & b	Rhythm and blues.
R & d	Research and development.
Random	Made, done, etc., without method or conscious choice.
Random	. Randomization
Random	Randomly
Random	Randomness
Random-access	Computing
Random-access	having all parts directly accessible, so that it need not read sequentially.
Randy	eager for sexual gratification, lustful.
Randy	Randiness
Ranee	hist. Raja's wife or widow.
Range	a region between limits of variation, esp. Scope of effective operation.
Range	such limits.
Range	area relevant to something.
Range	a distance attainable by a gun or projectile.
Range	distance between a gun or projectile and its objective.
Range	row, series, etc., esp. Of mountains.
Range	area with targets for shooting.
Range	fireplace with ovens and hotplates for cooking.
Range	area over which a thing is distributed.
Range	distance that can be covered by a vehicle without refuelling.
Range	distance between a camera and the subject to be photographed.
Range	0 large area of open land for grazing or hunting.
Range	reach; lie spread out; extend; be found over a specified district; vary between limits.
Range	Line up, arrange.
Range	rove, wander.
Range	traverse in all directions.
Rangefinder	Instrument for estimating the distance of an object to be shot at or photographed.
Ranger	keeper of a royal or national park, or of a forest.
Ranger	member of a body of mounted soldiers.
Ranger	senior guide.
Rangy	tall and slim.
Rank1	a position in a hierarchy, grade of advancement.
Rank1	distinct social class; grade of dignity or achievement.
Rank1	high social position.
Rank1	place in a scale.
Rank1	row or line.
Rank1	single line of soldiers drawn up abreast.
Rank1	place where taxis await customers.
Rank1	order, array.
Rank1	have a rank or place.
Rank1	classify, give a certain grade to.
Rank1	arrange
Rank1	in rank.
Rank2	luxuriant,
Rank2	; choked with or apt to produce weeds or excessive foliage.
Rank2	a foul-smelling.
Rank2	loathsome, corrupt.
Rank2	flagrant, virulent, gross, complete
Rank and file	(usu. Treated as
Rank and file	) Ordinary members of an organization.
Rankle	cause persistent annoyance or resentment.
Ransack	pillage or plunder
Ransack	thoroughly search.
Ransom	money demanded or paid for the release of a prisoner.
Ransom	liberation of a prisoner in return for this.
Ransom	buy the freedom or restoration of; redeem.
Ransom	= hold to ransom
Ransom	release for a ransom.
Rant	Speak loudly, bombastically, violently, or theatrically.
Rant	Piece of ranting.
Ranunculus	plant of the genus including buttercups.
Raoc	Royal army ordnance corps.
Rap1	smart slight blow.
Rap1	knock, sharp tapping sound.
Rap1	blame, punishment.
Rap1	a rhythmic monologue recited to music.
Rap1	style of rock music with words recited.
Rap1	strike smartly.
Rap1	knock; make a sharp tapping sound.
Rap1	criticize adversely.
Rap1	perform a rap.
Rap2	Small amount, the least bit
Rapacious	Grasping, extortionate, predatory.
Rape1	a act of forcing a woman or girl to have sexual intercourse against her will.
Rape1	forcible sodomy.
Rape1	violent assault or plunder, forcible interference.
Rape1	commit rape on.
Rape2	Plant grown as fodder, and for its seed from which oil is extracted.
Rapid	quick, swift.
Rapid	acting or completed in a short time.
Rapid	descending steeply.
Rapid	(usu. In
Rapid	) Steep descent in a river-bed, with a swift current.
Rapid	Rapidly
Rapid	Rapidness
Rapid eye movement	Type of jerky movement of the eyes during dreaming.
Rapier	light slender sword for thrusting.
Rapier	Sharp
Rapine	Rhet. Plundering.
Rapist	Person who commits rape.
Rapport	Relationship or communication, esp. When useful and harmonious.
Rapprochement	Resumption of harmonious relations, esp. Between states.
Rapscallion	or joc. Rascal.
Rapt	fully absorbed or intent, enraptured.
Rapt	carried away with feeling or lofty thought.
Rapture	ecstatic delight.
Rapture	(in
Rapture	) Great pleasure or enthusiasm or the expression of it.
Rare1	seldom done, found, or occurring; uncommon, unusual.
Rare1	exceptionally good.
Rare1	of less than the usual density.
Rare2	cooked so that the inside is still red and juicy; underdone.
Rare earth	Lanthanide element.
Rarefy	make or become less dense or solid.
Rarefy	purify or refine
Rarefy	make
Rarefy	Subtle.
Rarely	seldom, not often.
Rarely	exceptionally.
Raring	Enthusiastic, eager
Rarity	rareness.
Rarity	uncommon thing.
Rascal	Dishonest or mischievous person.
Rash1	Reckless, impetuous, hasty.
Rash1	Rashness
Rash2	eruption of the skin in spots or patches.
Rash2	sudden widespread phenomenon
Rasher	Thin slice of bacon or ham.
Rasp	kind of file having separate teeth.
Rasp	grating noise or utterance.
Rasp	a scrape with a rasp.
Rasp	scrape roughly.
Rasp	remove by scraping.
Rasp	a make a grating sound.
Rasp	say gratingly.
Rasp	grate upon
Raspberry	a red blackberry-like fruit.
Raspberry	bramble bearing this.
Raspberry	Sound made by blowing through the lips, expressing derision or disapproval.
Raspberry-cane	Raspberry plant.
Rastafarian	Member of a jamaican sect, often having dreadlocks and regarding haile selassie of ethiopia as god.
Rastafarian	Of this sect.
Rat	a rodent like a large mouse.
Rat	similar rodent
Rat	turncoat.
Rat	Unpleasant or treacherous person.
Rat	(in
Rat	exclamation of annoyance etc.
Rat	hunt or kill rats.
Rat	inform
Rat	; desert, betray.
Ratatat	var. Of *rat-tat.
Ratatouille	Dish of stewed onions, courgettes, tomatoes, aubergines, and peppers.
Ratbag	obnoxious person.
Ratchet	set of teeth on the edge of a bar or wheel with a catch ensuring motion in one direction only.
Ratchet	wheel with a rim so toothed.
Rate1	numerical proportion between two sets of things (moving at a rate of
Rate1	0 m.p.h.) Or as the basis of calculating an amount or value
Rate1	fixed or appropriate charge, cost, or value; measure of this
Rate1	pace of movement or change
Rate1	(in
Rate1	) Class or rank
Rate1	(in
Rate1	) Tax levied by local authorities on businesses
Rate1	according to the value of buildings and land occupied.
Rate1	a estimate the worth or value of.
Rate1	assign a value to.
Rate1	consider, regard as.
Rate1	rank or be considered.
Rate1	a subject to the payment of a local rate.
Rate1	value for the purpose of assessing rates.
Rate1	be worthy of, deserve.
Rate2	scold angrily.
Rateable	liable to rates.
Rateable value	Value at which a business etc. Is assessed for rates.
Rate-capping	Hist. Imposition of an upper limit on local authority rates.
Ratepayer	Person liable to pay rates.
Rather	by preference
Rather	more truly; as a more likely alternative
Rather	more precisely
Rather	slightly, to some extent
Rather	assuredly
Ratify	confirm or accept
Ratify	by formal consent, signature, etc.
Rating	placing in a rank or class.
Rating	estimated standing of a person as regards credit etc.
Rating	non-commissioned sailor.
Rating	amount fixed as a local rate.
Rating	relative popularity of a broadcast programme as determined by the estimated size of the audience.
Ratio	quantitative relation between two similar magnitudes expressed as the number of times one contains the other
Ratiocinate	literary reason, esp. Using syllogisms.
Ration	official allowance of food, clothing, etc., in a time of shortage.
Ration	(usu. In
Ration	) Fixed daily allowance of food, esp. In the armed forces.
Ration	limit
Ration	to a fixed ration.
Ration	share out
Ration	In fixed quantities.
Rational	of or based on reason.
Rational	sensible.
Rational	endowed with reason.
Rational	rejecting what is unreasonable or cannot be tested by reason in religion or custom.
Rational	expressible as a ratio of whole numbers.
Rational	Rationally
Rationale	Fundamental reason, logical basis.
Rationalism	Practice of treating reason as the basis of belief and knowledge.
Rationalism	Rationalistic
Rationalize	offer a rational but specious explanation of
Rationalize	make logical and consistent.
Rationalize	make
Rationalize	More efficient by reorganizing it to reduce or eliminate waste.
Ratline	(usu. In
Ratline	) Any of the small lines fastened across a sailing-ship's shrouds like ladder-rungs.
Rat race	Fiercely competitive struggle for position, power, etc.
Ratsbane	Anything poisonous to rats, esp.
Ratsbane	plant.
Rattan	climbing palm with long thin jointed pliable stems, used for furniture etc.
Rattan	piece of rattan stem used as a walking-stick etc.
Rat-tat	rapping sound, esp. Of a knocker.
Rattle	a give out a rapid succession of short sharp hard sounds.
Rattle	cause to do this.
Rattle	cause such sounds by shaking something.
Rattle	a move with a rattling noise.
Rattle	move or travel briskly.
Rattle	say or recite rapidly.
Rattle	talk in a lively thoughtless way.
Rattle	Disconcert, alarm.
Rattle	rattling sound.
Rattle	device or plaything made to rattle.
Rattlesnake	Poisonous american snake with a rattling structure of horny rings on its tail.
Rattling	that rattles.
Rattling	brisk, vigorous
Rattling	Remarkably
Ratty	relating to or infested with rats.
Ratty	Irritable, bad-tempered.
Ratty	Rattiness
Raucous	Harsh-sounding, loud and hoarse.
Raucous	Raucousness
Raunchy	, earthy, sexually boisterous.
Raunchy	Raunchiness
Ravage	devastate, plunder.
Ravage	devastation.
Ravage	(usu. In
Ravage	; foll. By of) destructive effect.
Rave	talk wildly or furiously in or as in delirium.
Rave	speak with rapturous admiration; go into raptures.
Rave	Enjoy oneself freely
Rave	(usu.
Rave	Highly enthusiastic review.
Rave	Lively party.
Rave	craze.
Ravel	entangle or become entangled.
Ravel	fray out.
Ravel	disentangle, unravel, separate into threads.
Raven	Large glossy blue-black crow with a hoarse cry.
Raven	Glossy black.
Ravening	Hungrily seeking prey; voracious.
Ravenous	very hungry.
Ravenous	voracious.
Ravenous	rapacious.
Raver	Uninhibited pleasure-loving person.
Ravine	Deep narrow gorge.
Raving	(usu. In
Raving	) Wild or delirious talk.
Raving	As an intensifier
Ravioli	Small pasta envelopes containing minced meat etc.
Ravish	rape
Ravish	enrapture.
Ravishing	Lovely, beautiful.
Raw	uncooked.
Raw	in the natural state; not processed or manufactured.
Raw	inexperienced, untrained.
Raw	a stripped of skin; with the flesh exposed, unhealed.
Raw	sensitive to the touch from being so exposed.
Raw	Cold and damp.
Raw	crude in artistic quality; lacking finish.
Raw	without hem or selvage.
Raw	in its natural state without mitigation
Raw	naked.
Raw-boned	Gaunt.
Raw deal	Harsh or unfair treatment.
Rawhide	untanned hide.
Rawhide	rope or whip of this.
Rawlplug	Propr. Cylindrical plug for holding a screw or nail in masonry.
Raw material	Material from which manufactured goods are made.
Ray1	single line or narrow beam of light from a small or distant source.
Ray1	straight line in which radiation travels to a given point.
Ray1	(in
Ray1	) Radiation of a specified type
Ray1	trace or beginning of an enlightening or cheering influence
Ray1	any of a set of radiating lines, parts, or things.
Ray1	marginal floret of a composite flower, e.g.
Ray1	daisy.
Ray2	Large edible marine fish with a flat body and a long slender tail.
Ray3	Second note of a major scale.
Rayon	Textile fibre or fabric made from cellulose.
Raze	completely destroy; tear down
Razor	Instrument with a sharp blade used in cutting hair, esp. Shaving.
Razor-bill	Auk with a sharp-edged bill.
Razor-blade	Flat piece of metal with a sharp edge, used in a safety razor.
Razor-edge	keen edge.
Razor-edge	sharp mountain-ridge.
Razor-edge	critical situation.
Razor-edge	sharp line of division.
Razzle-dazzle	a excitement; bustle.
Razzle-dazzle	spree
Razzle-dazzle	extravagant publicity.
Razzmatazz	glamorous excitement, bustle.
Razzmatazz	spree.
Razzmatazz	insincere actions.
Rb	Rubidium.
Rc	Roman catholic.
Rd.	Road.
Re	religious education.
Re	royal engineers.
Re	Rhenium.
Re1	in the matter of
Re1	commerce about, concerning
Re- 	attachable to almost any verb or its derivative, meaning: a once more; afresh, anew.
Re- 	back; with return to a previous state.
Re- 	in verbs and verbal derivatives denoting: a in return; mutually
Re- 	opposition
Re- 	behind or after
Re- 	retirement or secrecy
Re- 	off, away, down
Re- 	frequentative or intensive force
Re- 	negative force
Reach	stretch out, extend.
Reach	stretch out the hand etc.; make a stretch or effort.
Reach	get as far as.
Reach	get to or attain.
Reach	make contact with the hand etc., or by telephone etc.
Reach	hand, pass
Reach	take with an outstretched hand.
Reach	Sail with the wind abeam or abaft the beam.
Reach	extent to which a hand etc. Can be reached out, influence exerted, motion carried out, or mental powers used.
Reach	act of reaching out.
Reach	continuous extent, esp. Of river between two bends or of canal between locks.
Reach	Distance traversed in reaching.
Reach-me-down	ready-made garment.
Reacquaint	Make acquainted again.
React	respond to a stimulus; change or behave differently due to some influence
React	respond with repulsion to; tend in a reverse or contrary direction.
React	be the cause of chemical activity or interaction with another
React	cause
React	to react with another.
Reaction	reacting, response.
Reaction	bad physical response to a drug etc.
Reaction	occurrence of a condition after a period of its opposite.
Reaction	tendency to oppose change or reform.
Reaction	interaction of substances undergoing chemical change.
Reactionary	Tending to oppose
Reactionary	change or reform.
Reactionary	reactionary person.
Reactivate	restore to a state of activity.
Reactive	showing reaction.
Reactive	reacting rather than taking the initiative.
Reactive	susceptible to chemical reaction.
Reactor	person or thing that reacts.
Read	(past and
Read	Read)
Read	Reproduce mentally or
Read	Vocally the written or printed words of
Read	convert or be able to convert into the intended words or meaning
Read	understand by observing; interpret
Read	find
Read	stated in print etc.
Read	assume as intended or deducible
Read	bring into a specified state by reading
Read	show
Read	interpret
Read	convey meaning when read; have a certain wording
Read	sound or affect a hearer or reader when read
Read	0 study by reading (esp.
Read	subject at university).
Read	1 (as read
Read	) Versed in a subject
Read	by reading
Read	copy or transfer
Read	3 hear and understand
Read	4 replace
Read	With the correct one
Read	spell of reading.
Read	Book etc. As regards readability
Readable	able to be read.
Readable	interesting to read.
Readdress	change the address of
Readdress	address
Readdress	Anew.
Readdress	speak or write to anew.
Reader	person who reads.
Reader	book intended to give reading practice, esp. In a foreign language.
Reader	device for producing an image that can be read from microfilm etc.
Reader	university lecturer of the highest grade below professor.
Reader	publisher's employee who reports on submitted manuscripts.
Reader	printer's proof-corrector.
Reader	person appointed to read aloud, esp. In church.
Readership	readers of a newspaper etc.
Readership	position of reader.
Readily	without showing reluctance, willingly.
Readily	without difficulty.
Readiness	ready or prepared state.
Readiness	willingness.
Readiness	facility; promptness in argument or action.
Reading	a act of reading
Reading	matter to be read
Reading	(in
Reading	) Used for reading
Reading	literary knowledge.
Reading	entertainment at which a play, poems, etc., are read.
Reading	figure etc. Shown by a recording instrument.
Reading	interpretation or view taken
Readjust	Adjust again or to a former state.
Readmit	admit again.
Readopt	Adopt again.
Ready	(usu.
Ready	with preparations complete
Ready	in a fit state.
Ready	willing, inclined, or resolved
Ready	within reach; easily secured
Ready	fit for immediate use.
Ready	immediate, unqualified
Ready	prompt
Ready	About to
Ready	provided beforehand.
Ready	(usu. In
Ready	) Beforehand; so as not to require doing when the time comes for use etc.
Ready	make ready, prepare.
Ready-made	made in a standard size, not to measure.
Ready money	actual coin or notes.
Ready money	payment on the spot.
Ready reckoner	Book or table listing standard numerical calculations as used esp. In commerce.
Reaffirm	Affirm again.
Reafforest	Replant
Reafforest	with trees.
Reagent	Chem. Substance used to cause a reaction, esp. To detect another substance.
Real1	actually existing or occurring.
Real1	genuine; rightly so called; not artificial.
Real1	law consisting of immovable property such as land or houses
Real1	appraised by purchasing power
Real1	math.
Real1	having no imaginary part (see *imaginary
Real1	Scot.
Real1	Really, very.
Real1	Seriously, in earnest. The real thing
Real1	genuine, not inferior.
Real2	Hist. Coin and monetary unit in spanish-speaking countries.
Real ale	Beer regarded as brewed in a traditional way.
Realign	align again.
Realign	regroup in politics etc.
Realism	practice of regarding things in their true nature and dealing with them as they are.
Realism	fidelity to nature in representation; the showing of life etc. As it is.
Realism	philos. Doctrine that abstract concepts have an objective existence.
Realistic	regarding things as they are; following a policy of realism.
Realistic	based on facts rather than ideals.
Reality	what is real or existent or underlies appearances.
Reality	the real nature of.
Reality	real existence; state of being real.
Reality	resemblance to an original.
Realize	be fully aware of; conceive as real.
Realize	understand clearly.
Realize	present as real.
Realize	convert into actuality.
Realize	a convert into money.
Realize	acquire
Realize	be sold for
Realize	Realization
Real life	life lived by actual people.
Real life	actual, not fictional
Reallocate	allocate again or differently.
Really	in reality.
Really	very
Really	indeed, i assure you.
Really	expression of mild protest or surprise.
Realm	formal kingdom.
Realm	domain
Real money	Current coin; cash.
Real tennis	Original form of tennis played on an indoor court.
Real time	actual time during which a process occurs.
Real time	computing
Real time	in which the response time is the actual time during which an event occurs.
Realty	Real estate.
Ream	twenty quires of paper.
Ream	(in
Ream	) Large quantity of writing.
Reanimate	restore to life.
Reanimate	restore to activity or liveliness.
Reap	cut or gather
Reap	as a harvest.
Reap	harvest the crop of
Reap	receive as a result of one's own or others' actions.
Reaper	person who reaps.
Reaper	reaping machine.
Reaper	death personified.
Reappear	Appear again or as previously.
Reapply	apply again, esp. Submit a further application
Reappoint	Appoint to a position previously held.
Reapportion	Apportion again or differently.
Reappraise	appraise or assess again or differently.
Rear1	back part of anything.
Rear1	space behind, or position at the back of, anything.
Rear1	Buttocks.
Rear1	At the back.
Rear2	a bring up and educate
Rear2	breed and care for
Rear2	cultivate
Rear2	Raise itself on its hind legs.
Rear2	a set upright.
Rear2	build.
Rear2	hold upwards.
Rear2	extend to a great height.
Rear admiral	Naval officer ranking below vice admiral.
Rearguard	Body of troops detached to protect the rear, esp. In retreats.
Rearguard action	engagement undertaken by a rearguard.
Rearguard action	defensive stand or struggle, esp. When losing.
Rear-lamp	usu. Red light at the rear of a vehicle.
Rearm	Arm again, esp. With improved weapons.
Rearmost	Furthest back.
Rearrange	arrange again in a different way.
Rearrest	Arrest again.
Rearrest	Rearresting or being rearrested.
Rearward	rear
Rearward	To the rear.
Rearward	towards the rear.
Reason	motive, cause, or justification.
Reason	fact adduced or serving as this.
Reason	intellectual faculty by which conclusions are drawn from premisses.
Reason	sanity
Reason	sense; sensible conduct; what is right, practical, or practicable; moderation.
Reason	form or try to reach conclusions by connected thought.
Reason	use argument with
Reason	by way of persuasion.
Reason	conclude or assert in argument.
Reason	persuade or move by argument.
Reason	think out
Reason	(often as reasoned
Reason	) Express in a logical way.
Reason	embody reason in
Reasonable	having sound judgement; moderate; ready to listen to reason.
Reasonable	not absurd.
Reasonable	a not greatly less or more than might be expected.
Reasonable	inexpensive.
Reasonable	tolerable, fair.
Reasonable	Reasonably
Reassemble	assemble again or into a former state.
Reassert	Assert again, esp. With renewed emphasis.
Reassess	Assess again or differently.
Reassign	Assign again or differently.
Reassure	restore confidence to; dispel the apprehensions of.
Reassure	confirm in an opinion or impression.
Reassure	Reassuring
Reawaken	Awaken again.
Rebate1	partial refund.
Rebate1	deduction from a sum to be paid; discount.
Rebel	person who fights against, resists, or refuses allegiance to, the established government.
Rebel	person or thing that resists authority or control.
Rebel	rebellious.
Rebel	of rebels.
Rebel	in rebellion.
Rebel	act as a rebel; revolt.
Rebel	feel or display repugnance.
Rebellion	Open resistance to authority, esp. Organized armed resistance to an established government.
Rebellious	tending to rebel.
Rebellious	in rebellion.
Rebellious	defying lawful authority.
Rebellious	unmanageable, refractory.
Rebellious	Rebelliousness
Rebid	(-dd-; past and
Rebid	Rebid) bid again.
Rebid	act of rebidding.
Rebid	bid so made.
Rebind	(past and
Rebind	Rebound) bind (esp.
Rebind	book) again or differently.
Rebirth	new incarnation.
Rebirth	spiritual enlightenment.
Rebirth	revival.
Reboot	Computing boot up
Reboot	again.
Rebound	spring back after impact.
Rebound	have an adverse effect upon
Rebound	Act of rebounding; recoil, reaction.
Rebroadcast	(past -cast or -casted;
Rebroadcast	-cast) broadcast again.
Rebroadcast	Repeat broadcast.
Rebuff	rejection of one who makes advances, proffers help, shows interest, makes a request, etc.
Rebuff	snub.
Rebuff	Give a rebuff to.
Rebuild	(past and
Rebuild	Rebuilt) build again or differently.
Rebuke	express sharp disapproval to
Rebuke	for a fault; censure.
Rebuke	Rebuking or being rebuked.
Rebus	representation of a word (esp.
Rebus	name) by pictures etc. Suggesting its parts.
Rebut	refute or disprove
Rebut	force or turn back; check.
Rec	Recreation ground.
Recalcitrant	obstinately disobedient.
Recalcitrant	objecting to restraint.
Recall	summon to return.
Recall	recollect, remember.
Recall	bring back to memory; serve as a reminder of.
Recall	revoke or annul
Recall	revive, resuscitate.
Recall	take back
Recall	summons to come back.
Recall	act of remembering.
Recall	ability to remember.
Recall	possibility of recalling, esp. In the sense of revoking
Recant	Withdraw and renounce
Recant	as erroneous or heretical.
Recap	recapitulate.
Recap	Recapitulation.
Recapitulate	go briefly through again; summarize.
Recapitulate	go over the main points or headings of.
Recapitulation	act of recapitulating.
Recapitulation	Part of a movement in which themes are restated.
Recapture	capture again; recover by capture.
Recapture	re-experience
Recapture	Act of recapturing.
Recast	(past and
Recast	Recast)
Recast	cast again
Recast	put into a new form; improve the arrangement of.
Recast	recasting.
Recast	recast form.
Recce	Reconnaissance.
Recce	reconnoitre.
Recede	go or shrink back or further off.
Recede	be left at an increasing distance by an observer's motion.
Recede	slope backwards
Recede	decline in force or value.
Receipt	receiving or being received.
Receipt	written acknowledgement of payment received.
Receipt	(usu. In
Receipt	) Amount of money etc. Received.
Receipt	recipe.
Receipt	Place a written or printed receipt on
Receive	take or accept
Receive	acquire; be provided with.
Receive	have conferred or inflicted on one.
Receive	react to
Receive	In a particular way.
Receive	a stand the force or weight of.
Receive	bear up against; encounter with opposition.
Receive	consent to hear
Receive	or consider
Receive	Accept
Receive	admit; consent or prove able to hold; provide accommodation for.
Receive	be able to hold.
Receive	0 greet or welcome, esp. In a specified manner.
Receive	1 entertain as a guest etc.
Receive	2 admit to membership.
Receive	3 convert
Receive	into sound or pictures.
Receive	4 (often as received
Receive	) Give credit to; accept as authoritative or true.
Receive	Bear the brunt of something unpleasant.
Received pronunciation	The form of educated spoken english used in southern england.
Receiver	person or thing that receives.
Receiver	part of a machine or instrument that receives something
Receiver	person appointed by a court to administer the property of a bankrupt or insane person, or property under litigation.
Receiver	radio or television receiving apparatus.
Receiver	person who receives stolen goods.
Receivership	office of official receiver.
Receivership	state of being dealt with by a receiver
Recent	not long past; that happened, began to exist, or existed, lately.
Recent	not long established; lately begun; modern.
Recent	geol. Of the most recent epoch of the quaternary period.
Recent	geol. This epoch.
Receptacle	containing vessel, place, or space.
Receptacle	bot. Enlarged and modified area of the stem apex which bears the flower.
Reception	receiving or being received.
Reception	way in which a person or thing is received
Reception	social occasion for receiving guests, esp. After a wedding.
Reception	place where guests or clients etc. Report on arrival at a hotel, office, etc.
Reception	a receiving of broadcast signals.
Reception	quality of this.
Receptionist	Person employed to receive guests, clients, etc.
Reception room	Room for receiving guests, clients, etc.
Receptive	Able or quick to receive impressions or ideas.
Receptive	Receptiveness
Receptive	Receptivity
Recess	space set back in a wall.
Recess	(often in
Recess	) Remote or secret place.
Recess	temporary cessation from work, esp. Of parliament.
Recess	make a recess in.
Recess	place in a recess.
Recess	us take a recess; adjourn.
Recession	temporary decline in economic activity or prosperity.
Recession	receding or withdrawal from a place or point.
Recessional	Sung while the clergy and choir withdraw after a service.
Recessional	Recessional hymn.
Recessive	tending to recede.
Recessive	appearing in offspring only when not masked by an inherited dominant characteristic.
Recharge	charge
Recharge	Again or be recharged.
Recharge	Recharging or being recharged.
Recheck	Check again.
Recheck	Further check or inspection.
Recherché	carefully sought out; rare or exotic.
Recherché	far-fetched.
Rechristen	christen again.
Rechristen	give a new name to.
Recidivist	Person who relapses into crime.
Recipe	statement of the ingredients and procedure required for preparing a cooked dish.
Recipe	certain means to
Recipient	Person who receives something.
Reciprocal	in return
Reciprocal	mutual.
Reciprocal	expressing mutual relation
Reciprocal	Math. Expression or function so related to another that their product is unity (1/2 is the reciprocal of
Reciprocate	requite
Reciprocate	give in return.
Reciprocate	give and receive mutually; interchange.
Reciprocate	move backwards and forwards.
Reciprocity	condition of being reciprocal.
Reciprocity	mutual action.
Reciprocity	give and take, esp. The interchange of privileges.
Recital	reciting or being recited.
Recital	concert of classical music given by a soloist or small group.
Recital	detailed account of
Recital	; narrative.
Recitation	reciting.
Recitation	thing recited.
Recitative	Musical declamation in the narrative and dialogue parts of opera and oratorio.
Recite	repeat aloud or declaim
Recite	from memory.
Recite	give a recitation.
Recite	enumerate.
Reckless	Disregarding the consequences or danger etc.; rash.
Reckless	Recklessness
Reckon	be of the considered opinion; think.
Reckon	consider or regard
Reckon	count or compute by calculation.
Reckon	count in or include in computation.
Reckon	make calculations; add up an account or sum.
Reckon	rely on, count on, or base plans on.
Reckon	take
Reckon	into account.
Reckoning	counting or calculating.
Reckoning	consideration or opinion.
Reckoning	settlement of an account.
Reclaim	seek the return of
Reclaim	bring
Reclaim	under cultivation, esp. From being under water.
Reclaim	win back or away from vice, error, or a waste condition.
Reclaim	Reclamation
Reclassify	classify again or differently.
Recline	assume or be in a horizontal or relaxed leaning position.
Reclothe	clothe again or differently.
Recluse	Person given to or living in seclusion or isolation; hermit.
Recognition	Recognizing or being recognized.
Recognizance	bond by which a person undertakes before a court or magistrate to observe some condition, e.g. To appear when summoned.
Recognizance	sum pledged as surety for this.
Recognize	identify as already known.
Recognize	realize or discover the nature of.
Recognize	realize or admit.
Recognize	acknowledge the existence, validity, character, or claims of.
Recognize	show appreciation of; reward.
Recognize	treat.
Recoil	suddenly move or spring back in fear, horror, or disgust.
Recoil	shrink mentally in this way.
Recoil	rebound after an impact.
Recoil	have an adverse reactive effect on
Recoil	be driven backwards by its discharge.
Recoil	Act or sensation of recoiling.
Recollect	remember.
Recollect	succeed in remembering; call to mind.
Recollection	act or power of recollecting.
Recollection	thing recollected.
Recollection	a person's memory.
Recollection	time over which memory extends
Recolour	Colour again or differently.
Recombine	combine again or differently.
Recommence	begin again.
Recommend	suggest as fit for some purpose or use.
Recommend	advise as a course of action etc.
Recommend	Make acceptable or desirable.
Recommend	commend or entrust
Recompense	make amends to
Recompense	or for
Recompense	requite; reward or punish
Recompense	reward, requital.
Recompense	retribution.
Reconcile	make friendly again after an estrangement.
Reconcile	make acquiescent or contentedly submissive to
Reconcile	settle
Reconcile	a harmonize, make compatible.
Reconcile	show the compatibility of by argument or in practice.
Reconcile	Reconciliation
Recondite	abstruse, out of the way, little known.
Recondite	dealing in abstruse knowledge or allusions, obscure.
Recondition	Overhaul, renovate, make usable again.
Reconnaissance	survey of a region, esp. To locate an enemy or ascertain strategic features.
Reconnaissance	preliminary survey.
Reconnect	Connect again.
Reconnoiter	make a reconnaissance
Reconnoitre	make a reconnaissance
Reconquer	Conquer again.
Reconsider	Consider again, esp. For a possible change of decision.
Reconstitute	reconstruct.
Reconstitute	reorganize.
Reconstitute	rehydrate
Reconstruct	build again.
Reconstruct	a form an impression of
Reconstruct	by assembling the evidence for them.
Reconstruct	re-enact
Reconstruct	reorganize.
Reconvene	convene again, esp. After a pause in proceedings.
Reconvert	Convert back to a former state.
Recopy	copy again.
Record	a piece of evidence or information constituting an
Record	account of something that has occurred, been said, etc.
Record	document etc. Preserving this.
Record	state of being set down or preserved in writing etc.
Record	disc carrying recorded sound in grooves on each surface, for reproduction by a record-player.
Record	official report of the proceedings and judgement in a court of justice.
Record	a facts known about a person's past.
Record	list of a person's previous criminal convictions.
Record	(often
Record	) Best performance
Record	or most remarkable event of its kind on record.
Record	object serving as a memorial; portrait.
Record	set down in writing or some other permanent form for later reference.
Record	convert
Record	Into permanent form for later reproduction.
Record-breaking	That breaks a record.
Recorded delivery	Post office service in which the dispatch and receipt of an item are recorded.
Recorder	apparatus for recording, esp.
Recorder	video or tape recorder.
Recorder	barrister or solicitor of at least ten years' standing, serving as a part-time judge.
Recorder	wooden or plastic wind instrument with holes covered by the fingers.
Recorder	keeper of records.
Record-holder	Person who holds a record.
Recording	process by which audio or video signals are recorded for later reproduction.
Recording	material or a programme recorded.
Recordist	Person who records sound.
Record-player	Apparatus for reproducing sound from gramophone records.
Recount	narrate.
Recount	tell in detail.
Re-count	Count again.
Re-count	Re-counting, esp. Of votes in an election.
Recoup	recover or regain
Recoup	compensate or reimburse for a loss.
Recourse	resort to a possible source of help.
Recourse	person or thing resorted to.
Recover	regain possession, use, or control of.
Recover	return to health, consciousness, or to a normal state or position.
Recover	obtain or secure by legal process.
Recover	retrieve or make up for
Recover	refl. Regain composure, consciousness, or control of one's limbs.
Recover	retrieve
Recover	from waste.
Re-cover	cover again.
Re-cover	provide
Re-cover	With a new cover.
Recovery	recovering or being recovered.
Re-create	create over again, reproduce.
Recreation	process or means of refreshing or entertaining oneself.
Recreation	pleasurable activity.
Recreation ground	Public land used for sports or games.
Recriminate	make mutual or counter accusations.
Recriminate	Recriminatory
Recross	Cross again.
Recrudesce	formal
Recrudesce	Break out again.
Recrudesce	Recrudescent
Recruit	newly enlisted serviceman or servicewoman.
Recruit	new member of a society etc.
Recruit	beginner.
Recruit	enlist
Recruit	as a recruit.
Recruit	form
Recruit	By enlisting recruits.
Recruit	get or seek recruits.
Recruit	replenish or reinvigorate
Rectal	Of or by means of the rectum.
Rectangle	Plane figure with four straight sides and four right angles, esp. Other than a square.
Rectify	adjust or make right.
Rectify	purify or refine, esp. By repeated distillation.
Rectify	convert
Rectify	to direct current.
Rectify	Rectification
Rectify	Rectifier
Rectilinear	bounded or characterized by straight lines.
Rectilinear	in or forming a straight line.
Rectitude	moral uprightness, righteousness.
Rectitude	correctness.
Recto	right-hand page of an open book.
Recto	front of a printed leaf.
Rector	incumbent of a parish where all tithes formerly passed to the incumbent
Rector	rc ch. Priest in charge of a church or religious institution.
Rector	head of some universities and colleges.
Rectory	rector's house.
Rectum	final section of the large intestine, terminating at the anus.
Recumbent	Lying down; reclining.
Recuperate	recover from illness, exhaustion, loss, etc.
Recuperate	regain
Recuperate	Recuperative
Recur	occur again; be repeated.
Recur	go back in thought or speech.
Recur	(as recurring
Recur	with the same figure
Recur	repeated indefinitely
Recurrent	Recurring; happening repeatedly.
Recusant	Person who refuses submission to an authority or compliance with a regulation, esp. Hist. One who refused to attend services of the church of england.
Recusant	Of or being a recusant.
Recycle	convert
Recycle	to reusable material.
Red	of the colour ranging from that of blood to deep pink or orange.
Red	flushed in the face with shame, anger, etc.
Red	bloodshot or red-rimmed.
Red	reddish-brown, tawny.
Red	having to do with bloodshed, burning, violence, or revolution.
Red	Communist or socialist.
Red	hist. Russian, soviet.
Red	red colour or pigment.
Red	red clothes or material.
Red	Communist or socialist.
Red	Redness
Red admiral	Butterfly with red bands.
Red-blooded	Virile, vigorous.
Redbreast	Robin.
Redbrick	founded in the
Redbrick	9th or early
Redbrick	0th c.
Redcap	Member of the military police.
Red card	Football card shown by the referee to a player being sent off.
Red carpet	Privileged treatment of an eminent visitor.
Red cell	erythrocyte.
Redcoat	Hist. British soldier.
Red crescent	Equivalent of the red cross in muslim countries.
Red cross	International organization bringing relief to victims of war or disaster.
Redcurrant	small red edible berry.
Redcurrant	shrub bearing this.
Redden	make or become red.
Redden	blush.
Redecorate	decorate
Redecorate	Again or differently.
Redeem	recover by expenditure of effort or by a stipulated payment.
Redeem	make a single payment to cancel
Redeem	convert
Redeem	Into goods or cash.
Redeem	deliver from sin and damnation.
Redeem	make up for; be a compensating factor in
Redeem	save from
Redeem	refl. Save
Redeem	from blame.
Redeem	purchase the freedom of
Redeem	save
Redeem	by ransom.
Redeem	0 save or rescue or reclaim.
Redeem	1 fulfil
Redeemer	person who redeems.
Redeemer	christ.
Redefine	define again or differently.
Redemption	redeeming or being redeemed.
Redemption	thing that redeems.
Redeploy	Send
Redeploy	To a new place or task.
Redesign	Design again or differently.
Redevelop	Replan or rebuild
Red flag	symbol of socialist revolution.
Red flag	warning of danger.
Red-handed	In the act of committing a crime, doing wrong, etc.
Red hat	cardinal's hat.
Red hat	symbol of a cardinal's office.
Redhead	Person with red hair.
Red herring	Misleading clue; distraction.
Red-hot	heated until red.
Red-hot	Highly exciting.
Red-hot	fresh; completely new.
Red-hot	intensely excited.
Red-hot	enraged.
Red-hot poker	Cultivated plant with spikes of usu. Red or yellow flowers.
Redial	dial again.
Rediffusion	Relaying of broadcast programmes, esp. By cable from a central receiver.
Red indian	Offens. American indian.
Redirect	direct again; send in a different direction.
Redirect	readdress
Rediscover	Discover again.
Redistribute	distribute again or differently.
Redivide	divide again or differently.
Red lead	Red form of lead oxide used as a pigment.
Red-letter day	Day that is pleasantly noteworthy or memorable (orig.
Red-letter day	festival marked in red on the calendar).
Red light	signal to stop on a road, railway, etc.
Red light	warning.
Red-light district	District where many prostitutes work.
Red meat	Meat that is red when raw
Redneck	Us often derog. Politically conservative working-class white in the southern us.
Redo	(redoing;
Redo	rd sing. Present redoes; past redid;
Redo	Redone)
Redo	do again.
Redo	redecorate.
Redolent	strongly reminiscent, suggestive, or smelling.
Redolent	fragrant.
Redouble	make or grow greater or more intense or numerous.
Redouble	bridge double again a bid already doubled by an opponent.
Redouble	Bridge redoubling of a bid.
Redoubt	Mil. Outwork or fieldwork without flanking defences.
Redoubtable	Formidable.
Redound	make a great contribution to
Redound	come back or recoil upon.
Red pepper	cayenne pepper.
Red pepper	ripe red fruit of the capsicum plant.
Redpoll	Finch with a red forehead, similar to a linnet.
Redraft	Draft
Redraft	again, usu. Differently.
Red rag	Something that excites a person's rage.
Redraw	(past redrew;
Redraw	Redrawn) draw again or differently.
Redress	remedy or rectify
Redress	readjust, set straight again.
Redress	reparation for a wrong.
Redress	redressing
Red rose	Emblem of lancashire or the lancastrians.
Redshank	Sandpiper with bright-red legs.
Redshift	Displacement of the spectrum to longer wavelengths in the light coming from receding galaxies etc.
Redskin	Offens. American indian.
Red squirrel	Native british squirrel with reddish fur.
Redstart	Red-tailed songbird.
Red tape	Excessive bureaucracy or formality, esp. In public business.
Reduce	make or become smaller or less.
Reduce	bring by force or necessity
Reduce	convert to another
Reduce	form
Reduce	convert
Reduce	to the form with the lowest terms.
Reduce	bring, simplify, or adapt by classification or analysis
Reduce	make lower in status or rank.
Reduce	lower the price of.
Reduce	lessen one's weight or size.
Reduce	weaken
Reduce	0 impoverish.
Reduce	1 subdue, bring back to obedience.
Reduce	2 chem.
Reduce	combine with hydrogen.
Reduce	undergo addition of electrons.
Reduce	3 a
Reduce	restore
Reduce	to its proper position.
Reduce	remedy
Reduce	In this way.
Reduced circumstances	pl. Poverty after relative prosperity.
Reductio ad absurdum	Proof of the falsity of a premiss by showing that its logical consequence is absurd.
Reduction	reducing or being reduced.
Reduction	amount by which prices etc. Are reduced.
Reduction	smaller copy of a picture etc.
Redundant	superfluous.
Redundant	that can be omitted without any loss of significance.
Redundant	no longer needed at work and therefore unemployed.
Reduplicate	make double.
Reduplicate	repeat.
Reduplicate	repeat
Reduplicate	exactly or with a slight change
Redwing	Thrush with red underwings.
Redwood	Very large californian conifer yielding red wood.
Re-echo	echo repeatedly; resound.
Reed	a water or marsh plant with a firm stem.
Reed	tall straight stalk of this.
Reed	a strip of cane etc. Vibrating to produce the sound in some wind instruments.
Reed	(esp. In
Reed	) Such an instrument.
Reed-bed	Bed or growth of reeds.
Re-educate	educate again, esp. To change a person's views.
Reedy	full of reeds.
Reedy	like a reed.
Reedy	like a reed instrument in tone.
Reef1	ridge of rock or coral etc. At or near the surface of the sea.
Reef1	a lode of ore.
Reef1	bedrock surrounding this.
Reef2	Each of several strips across a sail, for taking it in or rolling it up to reduce its surface area in a high wind.
Reef2	Take in a reef or reefs of
Reefer	marijuana cigarette.
Reefer	thick double-breasted jacket.
Reef-knot	Symmetrical double knot.
Reek	smell strongly and unpleasantly.
Reek	have unpleasant or suspicious associations
Reek	foul or stale smell.
Reek	esp. Scot. Smoke.
Reek	vapour, visible exhalation.
Reel	cylindrical device on which thread, silk, yarn, paper, film, wire, etc., are wound.
Reel	quantity of thread etc. Wound on a reel.
Reel	device for winding and unwinding a line as required, esp. In fishing.
Reel	revolving part in various machines.
Reel	a lively folk or scottish dance.
Reel	music for this.
Reel	wind
Reel	On a reel.
Reel	draw
Reel	In or up with a reel.
Reel	stand, walk, or run unsteadily.
Reel	be shaken mentally or physically.
Reel	rock from side to side, or swing violently.
Reel	dance a reel.
Re-elect	Elect again, esp. To a further term of office.
Re-embark	Go or put on board ship again.
Re-emerge	emerge again; come back out.
Re-emphasize	place renewed emphasis on.
Re-employ	Employ again.
Re-enact	Act out
Re-engage	engage again.
Re-enlist	Enlist again, esp. In the armed services.
Re-enter	Enter again; go back in.
Re-entrant	pointing inwards, reflex.
Re-entry	act of entering again, esp.
Re-entry	Re-entering the earth's atmosphere.
Re-equip	provide or be provided with new equipment.
Re-establish	Establish again or anew.
Reeve1	Hist.
Reeve1	chief magistrate of a town or district.
Reeve1	official supervising a landowner's estate.
Reeve2	thread
Reeve2	Through a ring or other aperture.
Reeve2	fasten
Reeve2	in this way.
Reeve3	Female ruff.
Re-examine	examine again or further.
Ref1	Referee in sports.
Ref2	Commerce reference.
Reface	put a new facing on
Refashion	Fashion again or differently.
Refectory	dining-room, esp. In a monastery or college.
Refectory table	Long narrow table.
Refer	make an appeal or have recourse to
Refer	send on or direct
Refer	make an allusion or direct the hearer's or reader's attention
Refer	Be relevant; relate
Refer	send
Refer	to a medical specialist etc.
Refer	a return
Refer	To its sender for clarification.
Refer	send
Refer	Back to
Refer	fail
Referee	umpire, esp. In football or boxing.
Referee	person referred to for a decision in a dispute etc.
Referee	person willing to testify to the character of an applicant for employment etc.
Referee	act as referee
Reference	referring of a matter for decision or settlement or consideration to some authority.
Reference	scope given to this authority.
Reference	a relation, respect, or correspondence.
Reference	allusion.
Reference	direction to a book etc.
Reference	where information may be found.
Reference	book or passage so cited.
Reference	act of looking up a passage etc., or referring to a book or person for information.
Reference	a written testimonial supporting an applicant for employment etc.
Reference	person giving this.
Reference book	Book intended to be consulted for occasional information rather than to be read continuously.
Referendum	vote on an important political question open to all the electors of a state.
Referral	Referring of a person to a medical specialist etc.
Referred pain	Pain felt in a part of the body other than its actual source.
Refill	Fill again.
Refill	thing that refills, esp. Another drink.
Refill	act of refilling.
Refine	free from impurities or defects.
Refine	make or become more polished, elegant, or cultured.
Refined	Polished, elegant, cultured.
Refinement	refining or being refined.
Refinement	fineness of feeling or taste.
Refinement	polish or elegance in behaviour or manner.
Refinement	added development or improvement
Refinement	subtle reasoning; fine distinction.
Refiner	Person or firm whose business is to refine crude oil, metal, sugar, etc.
Refinery	place where oil, sugar, etc. Is refined.
Refit	esp.
Refit	Make or become serviceable again by repairs, renewals, etc.
Refit	Refitting.
Reflate	cause reflation of
Reflation	Inflation of a financial system to restore its previous condition after deflation.
Reflect	throw back
Reflect	show an image of; reproduce to the eye or mind.
Reflect	correspond in appearance or effect to
Reflect	Show or bring
Reflect	bring discredit on.
Reflect	meditate on; think about.
Reflect	Consider; remind oneself.
Reflection	reflecting or being reflected.
Reflection	a reflected light, heat, or colour.
Reflection	reflected image.
Reflection	reconsideration
Reflection	discredit or thing bringing discredit.
Reflection	idea arising in the mind; comment.
Reflective	Reflecting.
Reflective	concerned in reflection or thought.
Reflective	Thoughtful; given to meditation.
Reflective	Reflectiveness
Reflector	piece of glass or metal etc. For reflecting light in a required direction, e.g.
Reflector	red one on the back of a motor vehicle or bicycle.
Reflector	a telescope etc. Using a mirror to produce images.
Reflector	the mirror itself.
Reflex	independent of the will, as an automatic response to the stimulation of a nerve.
Reflex	exceeding
Reflex	80°.
Reflex	reflex action.
Reflex	sign or secondary manifestation
Reflex	reflected light or image.
Reflex camera	Camera in which the viewed image is formed by a mirror, enabling the scene to be correctly composed and focused.
Reflexive	referring back to the subject of a sentence
Reflexive	having a reflexive pronoun as its object
Reflexive	Reflexive word or form, esp.
Reflexive	pronoun
Reflexology	Massage through points on the feet, hands, and head, to relieve tension and treat illness.
Refloat	Set
Refloat	afloat again.
Refocus	focus again or anew.
Reforge	forge again or differently.
Reform	make or become better by the removal of faults and errors.
Reform	abolish or cure
Reform	removal of faults or abuses, esp. Moral, political, or social.
Reform	improvement made or suggested.
Re-form	Form again.
Reformat	format anew.
Reformation	reforming or being reformed, esp.
Reformation	radical change for the better in political, religious, or social affairs.
Reformation	hist.
Reformation	6th-c. Movement for the reform of abuses in the roman church ending in the establishment of the reformed or protestant churches.
Reformatory	hist. Institution for the reform of young offenders.
Reformatory	Producing reform.
Reformed church	protestant
Reformed church	church.
Reformer	Person who advocates or brings about
Reformer	reform.
Reformism	Policy of reform rather than abolition or revolution.
Reformulate	formulate again or differently.
Refract	Deflect
Refract	At a certain angle when it enters obliquely from another medium.
Refract	Refractive
Refractor	refracting medium or lens.
Refractor	telescope using a lens to produce an image.
Refractory	stubborn, unmanageable, rebellious.
Refractory	Not yielding to treatment.
Refractory	hard to fuse or work.
Refrain1	avoid doing
Refrain2	recurring phrase or lines, esp. At the ends of stanzas.
Refrain2	music accompanying this.
Refrangible	That can be refracted.
Refreeze	(-zing; past refroze;
Refreeze	Refrozen) freeze again.
Refresh	give new spirit or vigour to.
Refresh	revive
Refresh	, esp. By consulting the source of one's information.
Refresh	Refreshingly
Refresher	something that refreshes, esp.
Refresher	drink.
Refresher	law extra fee payable to counsel in a prolonged case.
Refresher course	Course reviewing or updating previous studies.
Refreshment	refreshing or being refreshed.
Refreshment	(usu. In
Refreshment	) Food or drink.
Refrigerant	Substance used for refrigeration.
Refrigerant	Cooling.
Refrigerate	make or become cool or cold.
Refrigerate	subject
Refrigerate	To cold in order to freeze or preserve it.
Refrigerator	Cabinet or room in which food etc. Is kept cold.
Refrozen	Of *refreeze.
Refuel	replenish a fuel supply; supply with more fuel.
Refuge	shelter from pursuit, danger, or trouble.
Refuge	person or place etc. Offering this.
Refugee	Person taking refuge, esp. In a foreign country, from war, persecution, or natural disaster.
Refulgent	Literary shining, gloriously bright.
Refund	pay back
Refund	reimburse
Refund	act of refunding.
Refund	sum refunded.
Refurbish	brighten up.
Refurbish	restore and redecorate.
Refurnish	Furnish again or differently.
Refusal	refusing or being refused.
Refusal	right or privilege of deciding to take or leave a thing before it is offered to others.
Refuse1	withhold acceptance of or consent to
Refuse1	Indicate unwillingness or inability
Refuse1	not grant
Refuse1	made by
Refuse1	be unwilling to jump
Refuse2	Items rejected as worthless; waste.
Refusenik	Hist. Soviet jew who has been refused permission to emigrate to israel.
Refute	prove the falsity or error of
Refute	rebut by argument.
Refute	deny or contradict
Regain	Obtain possession or use of after loss
Regal	of or by a monarch or monarchs.
Regal	fit for a monarch; magnificent.
Regal	Regally
Regale	entertain lavishly with feasting.
Regale	entertain with
Regalia	insignia of royalty used at coronations.
Regalia	insignia of an order or of civic dignity.
Regard	gaze on steadily
Regard	heed; take into account.
Regard	look upon or think of in a specified way
Regard	gaze; steady or significant look.
Regard	attention or care.
Regard	esteem; kindly feeling; respectful opinion.
Regard	respect; point attended to
Regard	(in
Regard	) Expression of friendliness in a letter etc.; compliments.
Regardful	mindful of.
Regarding	About, concerning; in respect of.
Regardless	without regard or consideration for.
Regardless	Without paying attention.
Regatta	Event consisting of rowing or yacht races.
Regency	office of regent.
Regency	commission acting as regent.
Regency	a period of office of a regent or regency commission.
Regency	811 to
Regency	820.
Regenerate	bring or come into renewed existence; generate again.
Regenerate	improve the moral condition of.
Regenerate	impart new, more vigorous, or spiritually higher life or nature to.
Regenerate	biol.
Regent	Person appointed to administer a state because the monarch is a minor or is absent or incapacitated.
Regent	acting as regent
Reggae	W. Indian style of music with a strongly accented subsidiary beat.
Regicide	person who kills or helps to kill a king.
Regicide	killing of a king.
Regime	method or system of government.
Regime	prevailing order or system of things.
Regime	regimen.
Regimen	Prescribed course of exercise, way of life, and diet.
Regiment	a permanent unit of an army, usu. Commanded by a colonel and divided into several companies, troops, or batteries.
Regiment	operational unit of artillery etc.
Regiment	large or formidable array or number.
Regiment	organize
Regiment	in groups or according to a system.
Regiment	form into a regiment or regiments.
Regimental	Of a regiment.
Regimental	(in
Regimental	) Military uniform, esp. Of a particular regiment.
Regina	reigning queen
Regina	law the crown (regina
Regina	Jones).
Region	geographical area or division, having definable boundaries or characteristics
Region	administrative area, esp. In scotland.
Region	part of the body
Region	sphere or realm
Region	Regionally
Register	official list, e.g. Of births, marriages, and deaths, of children in a class, of shipping, of professionally qualified persons, or of qualified voters in a constituency.
Register	book in which items are recorded for reference.
Register	device recording speed, force, etc.
Register	a compass of a voice or instrument.
Register	part of this compass
Register	adjustable plate for widening or narrowing an opening and regulating a draught, esp. In a fire-grate.
Register	a set of organ pipes.
Register	sliding device controlling this.
Register	form of a language
Register	Used in particular circumstances.
Register	computing a memory location having specific properties and quick access time.
Register	set down
Register	Formally; record in writing.
Register	enter or cause to be entered in a particular register.
Register	commit
Register	To registered post.
Register	record automatically; indicate.
Register	a express
Register	facially or by gesture
Register	show in a person's face or gestures.
Register	make an impression on a person's mind.
Registered nurse	Nurse with a state certificate of competence.
Registered post	Postal procedure with special precautions for safety and for compensation in case of loss.
Register office	State office where civil marriages are conducted.
Registrar	official responsible for keeping a register.
Registrar	chief administrator in a university, college, etc.
Registrar	hospital doctor training as a specialist.
Registration	Registering or being registered.
Registration mark	combination of letters and numbers identifying a vehicle etc.
Registry	place where registers or records are kept.
Regius professor	Holder of a chair founded by a sovereign
Regius professor	or filled by crown appointment.
Regrade	grade again or differently.
Regress	move backwards; return to a former, esp. Worse, state.
Regress	psychol.
Regress	return mentally to a former stage of life.
Regress	Act of regressing.
Regress	Regressive
Regret	feel or express sorrow, repentance, or distress over
Regret	acknowledge with sorrow or remorse
Regret	Feeling of sorrow, repentance, etc., over an action or loss etc.
Regretful	Feeling or showing regret.
Regrettable	undesirable, unwelcome; deserving censure.
Regroup	group or arrange again or differently.
Regroup	mil. Prepare for a fresh attack.
Regrow	Grow again, esp. After an interval.
Regular	acting, done, or recurring uniformly or calculably in time or manner; habitual, constant, orderly.
Regular	conforming to a rule or principle; systematic.
Regular	harmonious, symmetrical.
Regular	conforming to a standard of etiquette or procedure.
Regular	properly constituted or qualified; pursuing an occupation as one's main pursuit
Regular	Following the normal type of inflection.
Regular	Thorough, absolute
Regular	bound by religious rule; belonging to a religious or monastic order
Regular	defecating or menstruating at predictable times.
Regular	regular soldier.
Regular	Regular customer, visitor, etc.
Regular	one of the regular clergy.
Regular	Regularize
Regular	. Regularly
Regulate	control by rule.
Regulate	subject to restrictions.
Regulate	adapt to requirements.
Regulate	alter the speed of
Regulate	so that it works accurately.
Regulate	Regulatory
Regulation	regulating or being regulated.
Regulation	prescribed rule.
Regulation	in accordance with regulations; of the correct type etc. B
Regulation	Usual.
Regulo	each of the numbers of a scale denoting temperature in a gas oven (cook at regulo
Regurgitate	bring
Regurgitate	up again to the mouth.
Regurgitate	reproduce, rehash
Rehabilitate	restore to effectiveness or normal life by training etc., esp. After imprisonment or illness.
Rehabilitate	restore to former privileges or reputation or a proper condition.
Rehang	(past and
Rehang	Rehung) hang again or differently.
Rehash	Put
Rehash	into a new form without significant change or improvement.
Rehash	material rehashed.
Rehash	rehashing.
Rehear	(past and
Rehear	Reheard) hear (esp.
Rehear	judicial case) again.
Rehearsal	trial performance or practice of a play, music, etc.
Rehearsal	process of rehearsing.
Rehearse	practise
Rehearse	For later public performance.
Rehearse	hold a rehearsal.
Rehearse	train
Rehearse	by rehearsal.
Rehearse	recite or say over.
Rehearse	give a list of, enumerate.
Reheat	Heat again.
Rehouse	house elsewhere.
Reich	The former german state, esp. The third reich.
Reign	be king or queen.
Reign	prevail
Reign	(as reigning
Reign	Currently holding the title etc.
Reign	sovereignty, rule.
Reign	period during which a sovereign rules.
Reimburse	repay
Reimburse	repay
Reimpose	impose again, esp. After a lapse.
Rein	(in sing. Or
Rein	long narrow strap with each end attached to the bit, used to guide or check a horse etc.
Rein	similar device used to restrain a child.
Rein	means of control.
Rein	check or manage with reins.
Rein	pull up or back with reins.
Rein	hold in as with reins.
Rein	govern, restrain, control.
Reincarnation	Rebirth of a soul in a new body.
Reincarnation	. Reincarnate
Reindeer	subarctic deer with large antlers.
Reinforce	strengthen or support, esp. With additional personnel or material or by an increase of numbers or quantity or size etc.
Reinforced concrete	Concrete with metal bars or wire etc. Embedded to increase its strength.
Reinforcement	reinforcing or being reinforced.
Reinforcement	thing that reinforces.
Reinforcement	(in
Reinforcement	) Reinforcing personnel or equipment etc.
Reinsert	Insert again.
Reinstate	replace in a former position.
Reinstate	restore
Reinstate	To former privileges.
Reinsure	insure again
Reinterpret	interpret again or differently.
Reintroduce	introduce again.
Reinvest	Invest again
Reissue	issue again or in a different form.
Reissue	New issue, esp. Of a previously published book.
Reiterate	say or do again or repeatedly.
Reject	put aside or send back as not to be used, done, or complied with etc.
Reject	refuse to accept or believe in.
Reject	rebuff or withhold affection from
Reject	show an immune response to
Reject	so that it fails.
Reject	Thing or person rejected as unfit or below standard.
Rejig	re-equip
Rejig	For a new kind of work.
Rejig	rearrange.
Rejoice	feel great joy.
Rejoice	be glad.
Rejoice	take delight.
Rejoin1	join together again; reunite.
Rejoin1	join
Rejoin1	Again.
Rejoin2	say in answer, retort.
Rejoin2	reply to a charge or pleading in a lawsuit.
Rejoinder	What is said in reply; retort.
Rejuvenate	make
Rejuvenate	young again.
Rekindle	kindle again.
Relabel	label (esp.
Relabel	commodity) again or differently.
Relapse	fall back or sink again
Relapse	Relapsing, esp.
Relapse	deterioration in a patient's condition after partial recovery.
Relate	narrate or recount.
Relate	connect
Relate	in thought or meaning; associate.
Relate	have reference to.
Relate	feel connected or sympathetic to.
Related	Connected, esp. By blood or marriage.
Relation	a the way in which one person or thing is related or connected to another.
Relation	connection, correspondence, contrast, or feeling prevailing between persons or things
Relation	relative.
Relation	(in
Relation	(foll.
Relationship	state or instance of being related.
Relationship	a connection or association
Relationship	Emotional
Relationship	association between two people.
Relative	considered in relation to something else
Relative	proportioned to
Relative	implying comparison or contextual relation
Relative	comparative
Relative	having mutual relations; corresponding in some way; related to each other.
Relative	having reference or relating to
Relative	(of a word, esp.
Relative	pronoun) referring to an expressed or implied antecedent and attaching a subordinate clause to it, e.g. Which, who.
Relative	attached to an antecedent by a relative word.
Relative	person connected by blood or marriage.
Relative	species related to another by common origin.
Relative	Relative word, esp.
Relative	pronoun.
Relative atomic mass	The ratio of the average mass of one atom of an element to one-twelfth of the mass of an atom of carbon-12.
Relative density	The ratio between the mass of a substance and that of the same volume of a substance used as a standard
Relative molecular mass	The ratio of the average mass of one molecule of an element or compound to one-twelfth of the mass of an atom of carbon-12.
Relativity	being relative.
Relativity	physics a
Relativity	theory based on the principle that all motion is relative and that light has a constant velocity.
Relativity	theory extending this to gravitation and accelerated motion.
Relax	make or become less stiff, rigid, or tense.
Relax	make or become less formal or strict
Relax	reduce or abate
Relax	cease work or effort.
Relax	(as relaxed
Relax	) At ease; unperturbed.
Relaxation	relaxing or being relaxed.
Relaxation	recreation.
Relay	fresh set of people etc. Substituted for tired ones.
Relay	supply of material similarly used.
Relay	device activating an electric circuit etc. In response to changes affecting itself.
Relay	a device to receive, reinforce, and transmit a message, broadcast, etc.
Relay	relayed message or transmission.
Relay	Receive
Relay	And transmit it to others.
Re-lay	(past and
Re-lay	Re-laid) lay again or differently.
Relay race	Race between teams of which each member in turn covers part of the distance.
Relearn	Learn again.
Release	set free; liberate, unfasten.
Release	allow to move from a fixed position.
Release	a make
Release	Publicly available.
Release	issue
Release	For general exhibition.
Release	liberation from a restriction, duty, or difficulty.
Release	handle or catch that releases part of a mechanism.
Release	news item etc. Made available for publication
Release	a film or record etc. That is released.
Release	releasing or being released in this way.
Relegate	consign or dismiss to an inferior position.
Relegate	transfer
Relegate	to a lower division of a league etc.
Relegate	banish.
Relent	Relax severity, abandon a harsh intention, yield to compassion.
Relentless	Unrelenting, oppressively constant.
Re-let	(-tt-; past and
Re-let	-let) let
Re-let	for a further period or to a new tenant.
Re-let	Re-let property.
Relevant	bearing on or having reference to the matter in hand.
Reliable	Of consistently good character or quality; dependable.
Reliable	Reliably
Reliance	trust, confidence.
Relic	object that is interesting because of its age or association.
Relic	part of a dead holy person's body or belongings kept as an object of reverence.
Relic	surviving custom or belief etc. From a past age.
Relic	memento or souvenir.
Relic	(in
Relic	) What has survived.
Relic	(in
Relic	) Dead body or remains of a person.
Relict	Object surviving in its primitive form.
Relief	a alleviation of or deliverance from pain, distress, anxiety, etc.
Relief	feeling accompanying such deliverance.
Relief	feature etc. That diversifies monotony or relaxes tension.
Relief	assistance
Relief	given to those in special need or difficulty.
Relief	a replacing of a person or persons on duty by another or others.
Relief	person or persons replacing others in this way.
Relief	(usu.
Relief	) Thing supplementing another in some service
Relief	a method of moulding, carving, or stamping in which the design stands out from the surface.
Relief	piece of sculpture etc. In relief.
Relief	representation of relief given by an arrangement of line, colour, or shading.
Relief	vividness, distinctness
Relief	reinforcement
Relief	of a place.
Relief	esp. Law redress of a hardship or grievance.
Relief map	Map indicating hills and valleys by shading etc. Rather than by contour lines alone.
Relief road	Road taking traffic around a congested area.
Relieve	bring or give relief to.
Relieve	mitigate the tedium or monotony of.
Relieve	release
Relieve	from a duty by acting as or providing a substitute.
Relieve	take (esp.
Relieve	burden or duty) away from
Relight	(past and
Relight	-lit) light
Relight	Again.
Religion	belief in a superhuman controlling power, esp. In a personal god or gods entitled to obedience and worship.
Religion	expression of this in worship.
Religion	particular system of faith and worship.
Religion	life under monastic vows.
Religion	thing that one is devoted to.
Religiosity	State of being religious or too religious.
Religious	devoted to religion; pious, devout.
Religious	of or concerned with religion.
Religious	of or belonging to a monastic order.
Religious	scrupulous, conscientious.
Religious	person bound by monastic vows.
Reline	put a new lining in
Relinquish	surrender or resign
Relinquish	give up or cease from
Relinquish	relax hold of.
Reliquary	esp. Relig. Receptacle for a relic or relics.
Relish	great liking or enjoyment.
Relish	a appetizing flavour.
Relish	attractive quality.
Relish	condiment eaten with plainer food to add flavour.
Relish	distinctive taste or tinge.
Relish	get pleasure out of; enjoy greatly.
Relish	anticipate with pleasure.
Relive	live
Relive	Over again, esp. In the imagination.
Reload	Load (esp.
Reload	gun) again.
Relocate	locate in a new place.
Relocate	move to a new place
Reluctant	Unwilling or disinclined.
Reluctant	Reluctantly
Rely	depend on with confidence or assurance.
Rely	be dependent on.
Rem	Rapid eye movement.
Remain	be left over after others or other parts have been removed, used, or dealt with.
Remain	be in the same place or condition during further time; stay
Remain	Continue to be
Remainder	residue.
Remainder	remaining persons or things.
Remainder	number left after division or subtraction.
Remainder	copies of a book left unsold when demand has almost ceased.
Remainder	Dispose of
Remainder	at a reduced price.
Remains	what remains after other parts have been removed or used etc.
Remains	relics of antiquity, esp. Of buildings.
Remains	dead body.
Remake	(-king; past and
Remake	Remade) make again or differently.
Remake	Thing that has been remade, esp.
Remake	cinema film.
Remand	Return
Remand	to custody, esp. To allow further inquiry.
Remand	Recommittal to custody.
Remand centre	Institution to which accused persons are remanded.
Remark	a say by way of comment. B
Remark	take notice of; regard with attention.
Remark	make a comment.
Remark	written or spoken comment; anything said.
Remark	a noticing
Remark	commenting
Remarkable	Worth notice; exceptional; striking.
Remarry	marry again.
Reme	Royal electrical and mechanical engineers.
Remeasure	measure again.
Remedial	affording or intended as a remedy.
Remedial	For slow or disadvantaged pupils.
Remedy	medicine or treatment.
Remedy	means of counteracting or removing anything undesirable.
Remedy	redress; legal or other reparation.
Remedy	rectify; make good.
Remember	keep in the memory; not forget.
Remember	Bring back into one's thoughts.
Remember	think of or acknowledge
Remember	, esp. In making a gift etc.
Remember	convey greetings from
Remember	to
Remembrance	remembering or being remembered.
Remembrance	a memory or recollection.
Remembrance	keepsake, souvenir.
Remembrance	(in
Remembrance	) Greetings conveyed through a third person.
Remembrance day	hist. Armistice day.
Remembrance sunday	Sunday nearest
Remembrance sunday	1 nov., when those killed in the wars of
Remembrance sunday	914–18 and
Remembrance sunday	939–45 and later conflicts are commemorated.
Remind	cause
Remind	to remember or think of
Reminder	thing that reminds, esp.
Reminder	repeat letter or bill.
Reminder	memento.
Reminisce	indulge in reminiscence.
Reminiscence	remembering things past.
Reminiscence	(in
Reminiscence	) Collection in literary form of incidents and experiences remembered.
Reminiscent	reminding or suggestive of.
Reminiscent	concerned with reminiscence.
Remiss	Careless of duty; lax, negligent.
Remission	reduction of a prison sentence on account of good behaviour.
Remission	remitting of a debt or penalty etc.
Remission	diminution of force, effect, or degree
Remission	forgiveness
Remit	cancel or refrain from exacting or inflicting
Remit	abate or slacken; cease partly or entirely.
Remit	send
Remit	In payment.
Remit	refer
Remit	To some authority.
Remit	send back
Remit	to a lower court.
Remit	postpone or defer.
Remit	pardon
Remit	terms of reference of a committee etc.
Remit	item remitted for consideration.
Remittance	money sent, esp. By post.
Remittance	sending of money.
Remittent	abating at intervals.
Remix	Mix again.
Remix	Remixed recording.
Remnant	small remaining quantity.
Remnant	piece of cloth etc. Left when the greater part has been used or sold.
Remodel	model again or differently.
Remodel	reconstruct.
Remold	mould again; refashion.
Remold	re-form the tread of
Remold	Remoulded tyre.
Remonstrate	make a protest; argue forcibly.
Remonstrate	Remonstration
Remorse	deep regret for a wrong committed.
Remorse	compunction; compassion, mercy
Remorseful	Filled with repentance.
Remorseless	Without compassion.
Remortgage	Mortgage again; revise the terms of an existing mortgage on
Remortgage	Different or altered mortgage.
Remote	far away, far apart, distant.
Remote	isolated; secluded.
Remote	distantly related
Remote	slight, faint
Remote	aloof; not friendly.
Remote	Remoteness
Remote control	control of an apparatus from a distance by means of signals transmitted from a radio or electronic device.
Remote control	such a device.
Remould	mould again; refashion.
Remould	re-form the tread of
Remould	Remoulded tyre.
Removal	removing or being removed.
Removal	transfer of furniture etc. On moving house.
Remove	take off or away from the place occupied.
Remove	a convey to another place; change the situation of.
Remove	get rid of; dismiss.
Remove	cause to be no longer present or available; take away
Remove	distant or remote in condition
Remove	(as removed
Remove	separated by a specified number of steps of descent
Remove	degree of remoteness; distance.
Remove	stage in a gradation; degree
Remove	form or division in some schools.
Remunerate	reward; pay for services rendered.
Remunerate	serve as or provide recompense for
Remunerate	Or to
Remunerate	Remunerative
Renaissance	revival of art and literature in the
Renaissance	4th–16th c.
Renaissance	period of this.
Renaissance	(often
Renaissance	) Style of art, architecture, etc. Developed by it.
Renaissance	any similar revival.
Renaissance man	Person with many talents or pursuits, esp. In the humanities.
Renal	Of the kidneys.
Rename	name again; give a new name to.
Renascent	Springing up anew; being reborn.
Renationalize	nationalize again
Rend	(past and
Rend	Rent)
Rend	tear or wrench forcibly.
Render	cause to be or become
Render	give or pay
Render	, esp. In return or as a thing due.
Render	a give
Render	show
Render	submit; send in; present
Render	a represent or portray.
Render	act
Render	Perform; execute.
Render	translate.
Render	melt down
Render	cover
Render	with a coat of plaster.
Render	(esp. In senses
Render	, and
Rendezvous	agreed or regular meeting-place.
Rendezvous	meeting by arrangement.
Rendezvous	meet at a rendezvous.
Rendition	Interpretation or rendering of a dramatic role, piece of music, etc.
Renegade	Person who deserts a party or principles.
Renege	go back on
Renegotiate	Negotiate again or on different terms.
Renew	revive; make new again; restore to the original state.
Renew	reinforce; resupply; replace.
Renew	repeat or re-establish, resume after an interruption
Renew	Grant or be granted continuation of
Renew	recover
Renew	Renewal
Rennet	curdled milk found in the stomach of an unweaned calf.
Rennet	preparation made from the stomach-membrane of a calf or from certain fungi, used in making cheese.
Renounce	consent formally to abandon
Renounce	repudiate; refuse to recognize any longer.
Renounce	decline further association or disclaim relationship with.
Renovate	restore to good condition; repair.
Renovate	Renovator
Renown	Fame, high distinction.
Renowned	Famous, celebrated.
Rent1	tenant's periodical payment to an owner for the use of land or premises.
Rent1	payment for the use of equipment etc.
Rent1	take, occupy, or use at a rent.
Rent1	let or hire
Rent1	for rent.
Rent1	be let at a specified rate.
Rent2	large tear in a garment etc.
Rent2	opening in clouds etc.
Rental	amount paid or received as rent.
Rental	act of renting.
Rent-boy	Young male prostitute.
Rentier	Person living on income from property, investments, etc.
Renumber	Change the number or numbers given or allocated to.
Renunciation	renouncing or giving up.
Renunciation	self-denial.
Reoccupy	occupy again.
Reoccur	occur again or habitually.
Reopen	Open again.
Reorder	order again.
Reorder	put into a new order.
Reorder	Renewed or repeated order for goods.
Reorganize	organize differently.
Reorient	give a new direction or outlook to
Reorient	help
Reorient	find his or her bearings again.
Reorient	adjust oneself to or come to terms with something.
Rep1	Representative, esp.
Rep1	commercial traveller.
Rep2	repertory.
Rep2	repertory theatre or company.
Repack	Pack again.
Repackage	package again or differently.
Repackage	present in a new form.
Repaint	paint again or differently.
Repaint	restore the paint or colouring of.
Repaint	Act of repainting.
Repair1	restore to good condition after damage or wear.
Repair1	set right or make amends for
Repair1	restoring to sound condition
Repair1	result of this
Repair1	good or relative condition for working or using
Repair1	Repairer
Repair2	resort; have recourse; go.
Repaper	Paper
Repaper	Again.
Reparable	That can be made good.
Reparation	making amends.
Reparation	(esp. In
Reparation	) Compensation for war damages.
Repartee	practice or skill of making witty retorts.
Repartee	conversation characterized by such retorts.
Repast	Formal
Repast	meal.
Repast	food and drink for this.
Repatriate	return
Repatriate	to his or her native land.
Repatriate	Repatriated person.
Repay	(past and
Repay	Repaid)
Repay	pay back
Repay	make repayment to
Repay	requite, reward
Repay	Repayment
Repeal	Revoke or annul
Repeal	Repealing.
Repeat	say or do over again.
Repeat	recite, rehearse, or report
Repeat	recur; appear again.
Repeat	be tasted after being swallowed due to belching.
Repeat	a repeating.
Repeat	thing repeated (often
Repeat	: repeat prescription).
Repeat	repeated broadcast.
Repeat	passage intended to be repeated.
Repeat	mark indicating this.
Repeat	pattern repeated in wallpaper etc.
Repeat	Repeatedly
Repeater	person or thing that repeats.
Repeater	firearm which fires several shots without reloading.
Repeater	watch or clock which repeats its last strike when required.
Repeater	device for the re-transmission of an electrical message.
Repel	drive back; ward off
Repel	refuse to accept
Repel	be repulsive or distasteful to.
Repel	resist mixing with or admitting
Repel	push away from itself
Repent	feel deep sorrow about one's actions etc.
Repent	Wish one had not done; resolve not to continue
Repent	Repentant
Repercussion	indirect effect or reaction following an event or act.
Repercussion	recoil after impact.
Repercussion	echo.
Repertoire	stock of works that a performer etc. Knows or is prepared to perform.
Repertoire	stock of techniques etc.
Repertory	performance of various plays for short periods by one company.
Repertory	repertory theatres collectively.
Repertory	store or collection, esp. Of information, instances, etc.
Repertory company	Theatrical company that performs plays from a repertoire.
Repetition	a repeating or being repeated.
Repetition	thing repeated.
Repetition	copy.
Repetition	Repetitive
Repetitive strain injury	Painful hand or arm condition resulting from prolonged repetitive movements.
Rephrase	express differently.
Repine	fret; be discontented.
Replace	put back in place.
Replace	take the place of; succeed; be substituted for.
Replace	find or provide a substitute for.
Replace	fill up the place of.
Replacement	replacing or being replaced.
Replacement	person or thing that replaces another.
Replant	transfer
Replant	plant
Replant	again.
Replay	Play
Replay	Again.
Replay	Replaying of a match, recorded incident in a game, etc.
Replenish	fill up again.
Replenish	renew
Replete	well-fed, gorged.
Replete	filled or well-supplied.
Replica	exact copy, esp.
Replica	duplicate of a work, made by the original artist.
Replica	copy or model, esp. On a smaller scale.
Reply	make an answer, respond in word or action.
Reply	say in answer.
Reply	replying
Reply	what is replied; response.
Repoint	Point
Repoint	again.
Repopulate	populate again or increase the population of.
Report	a bring back or give an account of.
Report	state as fact or news, narrate or describe or repeat, esp. As an eyewitness or hearer etc.
Report	relate as spoken by another.
Report	make an official or formal statement about.
Report	bring
Report	to the attention of the authorities.
Report	present oneself to a person as having returned or arrived.
Report	Take down word for word, summarize, or write a description of for publication.
Report	make or send in a report.
Report	be responsible to
Report	account given or opinion formally expressed after investigation or consideration.
Report	description, summary, or reproduction of a scene, speech, law case, etc., esp. For newspaper publication or broadcast.
Report	common talk; rumour.
Report	way a person or thing is spoken of
Report	periodical statement on (esp.
Report	school pupil's) work, conduct, etc.
Report	sound of a gunshot etc.
Reportage	reporting of news for the media.
Reportage	typical style of this.
Reportage	factual journalistic material in a book etc.
Reported speech	Speaker's words with the person, tense, etc. Adapted, e.g. He said that he would go.
Reporter	Person employed to report news etc. For the media.
Repose1	cessation of activity, excitement, or toil.
Repose1	sleep.
Repose1	peaceful or quiescent state; tranquillity.
Repose1	Lie down in rest.
Repose1	lie, be lying or laid, esp. In sleep or death.
Repose2	place
Repose2	In.
Reposeful	Showing or inducing repose.
Reposition	move or place in a different position.
Reposition	alter one's position.
Repository	place where things are stored or may be found, esp.
Repository	warehouse or museum.
Repository	receptacle.
Repository	a book, person, etc. Regarded as a store of information etc.
Repository	recipient of secrets etc.
Repossess	Regain possession of
Repot	move
Repot	to another, esp. Larger, pot.
Reprehend	Formal rebuke; find fault with.
Reprehensible	Blameworthy.
Represent1	stand for or correspond to.
Represent1	be a specimen of.
Represent1	embody; symbolize.
Represent1	place a likeness of before the mind or senses.
Represent1	describe or depict as; declare.
Represent1	allege.
Represent1	show, or play the part of, on stage.
Represent2	Submit
Represent2	Again for payment.
Representation	representing or being represented.
Representation	thing that represents another.
Representation	(esp. In
Representation	) Statement made of allegations or opinions.
Representational	Art depicting a subject as it appears to the eye.
Representative	typical of a class.
Representative	containing typical specimens of all or many classes
Representative	a consisting of elected deputies etc.
Representative	based on representation by these
Representative	serving as a portrayal or symbol of.
Representative	sample, specimen, or typical embodiment of.
Representative	a agent of a person or society.
Representative	commercial traveller.
Representative	delegate; substitute.
Representative	deputy etc. In a representative assembly.
Repress	a keep under; quell.
Repress	suppress; prevent from sounding, rioting, or bursting out.
Repress	psychol. Actively exclude
Repress	from conscious awareness.
Repress	(usu. As repressed
Repress	) Subject
Repress	to the suppression of his or her thoughts or impulses.
Repress	Repressive
Reprice	price again or differently.
Reprieve	remit or postpone the execution of
Reprieve	give respite to.
Reprieve	a reprieving or being reprieved.
Reprieve	warrant for this.
Reprieve	respite.
Reprimand	rebuke.
Reprimand	Administer this to.
Reprint	Print again.
Reprint	reprinting of a book etc.
Reprint	book etc. Reprinted.
Reprint	quantity reprinted.
Reprisal	Act of retaliation.
Reprise	repeated passage in music.
Reprise	repeated item in a musical programme.
Repro	(often
Repro	Reproduction or copy.
Reproach	Express disapproval to
Reproach	for a fault.
Reproach	rebuke or censure.
Reproach	thing that brings disgrace or discredit.
Reproach	state of disgrace or discredit.
Reproachful	Full of or expressing reproach.
Reprobate	Unprincipled or immoral person.
Reprocess	Process again or differently.
Reproduce	produce a copy or representation of.
Reproduce	cause to be seen or heard etc. Again
Reproduce	produce further members of the same species by natural means.
Reproduce	refl. Produce offspring.
Reproduction	reproducing or being reproduced, esp. The production of further members of the same species.
Reproduction	copy of a work of art.
Reproduction	Imitating an earlier style.
Reproduction	quality of reproduced sound.
Reprogram	program (esp.
Reprogram	computer) again or differently.
Reproof	Formal
Reproof	blame
Reproof	rebuke.
Reprove	formal rebuke
Reptile	cold-blooded scaly animal of a class including snakes, lizards, crocodiles, turtles, tortoises, etc.
Reptile	mean, grovelling, or repulsive person.
Republic	State in which supreme power is held by the people or their elected representatives or by an elected or nominated president, not by a monarch etc.
Republican	of or constituted as a republic.
Republican	characteristic of a republic.
Republican	advocating or supporting republican government.
Republican	person advocating or supporting republican government.
Republican	a us supporter of the republican party.
Republican	ir. Supporter of the ira or sinn féin.
Republish	Publish again or in a new edition etc.
Repudiate	a disown, disavow, reject.
Repudiate	refuse dealings with.
Repudiate	deny.
Repudiate	refuse to recognize or obey
Repudiate	refuse to discharge
Repugnance	antipathy; aversion.
Repugnance	inconsistency or incompatibility of ideas etc.
Repugnant	extremely distasteful.
Repugnant	contradictory.
Repulse	drive back by force of arms.
Repulse	a rebuff.
Repulse	refuse.
Repulse	repulsing or being repulsed.
Repulse	rebuff.
Repulsion	aversion, disgust.
Repulsion	physics tendency of bodies to repel each other.
Repulsive	Causing aversion or loathing; disgusting.
Repurchase	purchase again.
Repurchase	Act of purchasing again.
Reputable	Of good repute; respectable.
Reputation	what is generally said or believed about a person's or thing's character
Reputation	state of being well thought of; respectability
Repute	Reputation.
Repute	(as reputed
Repute	be generally considered
Repute	passing as, but probably not
Request	act of asking for something
Request	thing asked for.
Request	ask to be given, allowed, or favoured with.
Request	Ask
Request	to do something.
Request	ask that.
Request stop	Bus-stop at which a bus stops only if requested.
Requiem	(also
Requiem	) Chiefly rc ch. Mass for the repose of the souls of the dead.
Requiem	music for this.
Require	need; depend on for success or fulfilment
Require	lay down as an imperative
Require	command; instruct
Require	order; insist on
Requisite	Required by circumstances; necessary to success etc.
Requisite	thing needed
Requisition	official order laying claim to the use of property or materials.
Requisition	formal written demand that some duty should be performed.
Requisition	being called or put into service.
Requisition	Demand the use or supply of, esp. By requisition order.
Requite	make return for
Requite	reward or avenge
Requite	make return to
Requite	repay with good or evil.
Reread	(past and
Reread	Reread) read again.
Rerecord	Record again.
Reredos	Ornamental screen covering the wall at the back of an altar.
Re-release	release
Re-release	Again.
Re-release	Re-released record, film, etc.
Re-route	send or carry by a different route.
Rerun	(-nn-; past reran;
Rerun	Rerun)
Rerun	run
Rerun	Again.
Rerun	repeat
Rerun	act of rerunning.
Rerun	film etc. Shown again.
Rerun	repetition
Resale	Sale of a thing previously bought.
Reschedule	alter the schedule of; replan.
Rescind	Abrogate, revoke, cancel.
Rescript	roman emperor's or pope's written reply to an appeal for a decision.
Rescript	official edict or announcement.
Rescue	save or set free from danger or harm.
Rescue	Rescuing or being rescued.
Reseal	Seal again.
Research	(often
Research	) Systematic investigation and study of materials, sources, etc., in order to establish facts and reach conclusions.
Research	Do research into or for.
Research and development	Work directed towards the innovation, introduction, and improvement of products and processes.
Resell	(past and
Resell	Resold) sell
Resell	After buying it.
Resemblance	Likeness or similarity.
Resemble	be like; have a similarity to, or the same appearance as.
Resent	Feel indignation at; be aggrieved by
Resentful	Feeling resentment.
Resentment	Indignant or bitter feelings.
Reservation	reserving or being reserved.
Reservation	thing booked, e.g.
Reservation	room in a hotel.
Reservation	spoken or unspoken limitation or exception to an agreement etc.
Reservation	strip of land between the carriageways of a road.
Reservation	area of land reserved for occupation by american indians etc.
Reserve	put aside, keep back for a later occasion or special use.
Reserve	order to be specially retained or allocated for a particular person or at a particular time.
Reserve	retain or secure
Reserve	thing reserved for future use; extra amount.
Reserve	limitation or exception attached to something.
Reserve	self-restraint; reticence; lack of cordiality.
Reserve	company's profit added to capital.
Reserve	(in sing. Or
Reserve	) Assets kept readily available.
Reserve	(in sing. Or
Reserve	troops withheld from action to reinforce or protect others.
Reserve	forces in addition to the regular army etc., but available in an emergency.
Reserve	member of the military reserve.
Reserve	extra player chosen as a possible substitute in a team.
Reserve	land reserved for special use, esp. As a habitat
Reserved	reticent; slow to reveal emotion or opinions; uncommunicative.
Reserved	set apart, destined for a particular use.
Reserve price	Lowest acceptable price stipulated for an item sold at auction.
Reservist	Member of the military reserve.
Reservoir	large natural or artificial lake as a source of water supply.
Reservoir	receptacle for fluid.
Reservoir	supply of information etc.
Reset	(-tt-; past and
Reset	Reset) set
Reset	Again or differently.
Resettle	settle again or elsewhere.
Reshape	shape or form again or differently.
Reshuffle	shuffle
Reshuffle	again.
Reshuffle	change the posts of
Reshuffle	Act of reshuffling.
Reside	have one's home, dwell permanently.
Reside	Be vested in.
Reside	be present or inherent in.
Residence	process of residing or being resident.
Residence	a place where a person resides.
Residence	house, esp. One of pretension.
Residency	permanent or regular engagement of a musician, artist, etc., in one place.
Resident	a permanent inhabitant.
Resident	non-migratory species of bird.
Resident	guest in a hotel etc. Staying overnight.
Resident	residing; in residence.
Resident	having quarters at one's workplace etc.
Resident	located in.
Resident	Non-migratory.
Residential	suitable for or occupied by dwellings
Residential	used as a residence
Residential	based on or connected with residence
Residual	Left as a residue or residuum.
Residual	Residual quantity.
Residuary	of the residue of an estate
Residuary	residual.
Residue	what is left over or remains; remainder.
Residue	what remains of an estate after the payment of charges, debts, and bequests.
Residuum	substance left after combustion or evaporation.
Residuum	residue.
Resign	give up office, one's employment, etc.
Resign	relinquish, surrender
Resign	refl.
Resign	reconcile
Resign	To the inevitable.
Re-sign	Sign again.
Resignation	resigning, esp. From one's job or office.
Resignation	letter etc. Conveying this.
Resignation	reluctant acceptance of the inevitable.
Resigned	having resigned oneself; resolved to endure.
Resigned	indicative of this
Resilient	resuming its original shape after compression etc.
Resilient	readily recovering from a setback.
Resin	adhesive substance secreted by some plants and trees.
Resin	organic compound made by polymerization etc. And used in plastics.
Resin	rub or treat with resin.
Resist	withstand the action or effect of.
Resist	stop the course or progress of.
Resist	abstain from
Resist	strive against; try to impede; refuse to comply with
Resist	offer opposition; refuse to comply.
Resist	Protective coating of a resistant substance.
Resistance	resisting; refusal to comply.
Resistance	power of resisting.
Resistance	ability to withstand disease.
Resistance	impeding or stopping effect exerted by one thing on another.
Resistance	physics property of hindering the conduction of electricity, heat, etc.
Resistance	resistor.
Resistance	secret organization resisting a régime, esp. In an occupied country.
Resistor	Device having resistance to the passage of an electric current.
Resit	(-tt-; past and
Resit	Resat) sit
Resit	again after failing.
Resit	resitting of an examination.
Resit	examination specifically for this.
Resoluble	that can be resolved.
Resoluble	analysable into.
Resolute	Determined, decided, firm of purpose.
Resolution	resolute temper or character.
Resolution	thing resolved on; intention.
Resolution	formal expression of opinion or intention by a legislative body or public meeting.
Resolution	solving of a doubt, problem, or question.
Resolution	separation into components.
Resolution	(foll.
Resolve	make up one's mind; decide firmly
Resolve	cause
Resolve	to do this
Resolve	solve, explain, or settle
Resolve	pass a resolution by vote.
Resolve	separate into constituent parts; analyse.
Resolve	reduce by mental analysis into.
Resolve	Convert or be converted into concord.
Resolve	Firm mental decision or intention; determination.
Resolved	Resolute, determined.
Resonant	echoing, resounding; continuing to sound; reinforced or prolonged by reflection or vibration.
Resonant	Tending to reinforce or prolong sounds, esp. By vibration.
Resonant	resounding.
Resonate	produce or show resonance; resound.
Resort	place frequented esp. For holidays or for a specified purpose or quality
Resort	a thing to which one has recourse; expedient, measure.
Resort	recourse to; use of
Resort	turn to as an expedient
Resort	go often or in large numbers to.
Re-sort	Sort again or differently.
Resound	ring or echo.
Resound	Produce echoes; go on sounding; fill a place with sound.
Resound	Be much talked of.
Resound	produce a sensation.
Resound	re-echo
Resounding	ringing, echoing.
Resounding	notable, emphatic
Resource	expedient or device.
Resource	(often in
Resource	) Means available; stock or supply that can be drawn on; asset.
Resource	(in
Resource	) Country's collective wealth.
Resource	skill in devising expedients
Resource	(in
Resource	) One's inner strength, ingenuity, etc.
Resource	provide with resources.
Resource	(in sense
Resource	). Resourcefully
Resource	Resourcefulness
Respect	deferential esteem felt or shown towards a person or quality.
Respect	heed or regard.
Respect	aspect, detail, etc.
Respect	reference, relation
Respect	(in
Respect	) Polite messages or attentions
Respect	regard with deference or esteem.
Respect	a avoid interfering with or harming.
Respect	treat with consideration.
Respect	refrain from offending
Respectable	of acceptable social standing; decent and proper in appearance or behaviour.
Respectable	fairly competent
Respectable	reasonably good in condition, appearance, number, size, etc.
Respectable	Respectably
Respectful	Showing deference.
Respecting	With regard to; concerning.
Respective	Of or relating to each of several individually
Respectively	For each separately or in turn, and in the order mentioned
Respell	(past and
Respell	Respelt or respelled) spell again or differently, esp. Phonetically.
Respiration	a breathing.
Respiration	single breath in or out.
Respiration	biol.
Respiration	the absorption of oxygen and the release of energy and carbon dioxide.
Respirator	apparatus worn over the face to warm, filter, or purify inhaled air.
Respirator	apparatus for maintaining artificial respiration.
Respire	Breathe
Respire	; inhale and exhale.
Respire	carry out respiration.
Respite	interval of rest or relief.
Respite	delay permitted before the discharge of an obligation or the suffering of a penalty.
Resplendent	Brilliant, dazzlingly or gloriously bright.
Respond	answer, reply.
Respond	act or behave in a corresponding manner.
Respond	show sensitiveness to by behaviour or change
Respond	make set answers to a priest etc.
Respondent	Defendant, esp. In an appeal or divorce case.
Respondent	In the position of defendant.
Response	answer given in a word or act; reply.
Response	feeling, movement, or change caused by a stimulus or influence.
Response	(often in
Response	) Any part of the liturgy said or sung in answer to the priest.
Responsibility	being responsible.
Responsibility	authority; managerial freedom
Responsibility	person or thing for which one is responsible; duty, commitment.
Responsibility	capacity for rational conduct
Responsible	liable to be called to account
Responsible	morally accountable for one's actions; capable of rational conduct.
Responsible	of good credit, position, or repute; respectable; evidently trustworthy.
Responsible	being the primary cause.
Responsible	involving responsibility.
Responsive	responding readily
Responsive	sympathetic.
Responsive	a answering.
Responsive	by way of answer.
Respray	Spray again (esp.
Respray	vehicle with paint).
Respray	Act of respraying.
Rest1	cease from exertion, action, etc.
Rest1	be still or asleep, esp. To refresh oneself or recover strength.
Rest1	give relief or repose to; allow to rest.
Rest1	lie on; be supported by.
Rest1	depend or be based on.
Rest1	alight or be steadily directed on.
Rest1	place for support or foundation on.
Rest1	be left without further investigation or discussion
Rest1	a lie in death.
Rest1	lie buried in
Rest1	0 (as rested
Rest1	) Refreshed by resting.
Rest1	repose or sleep.
Rest1	cessation of exertion, activity, etc.
Rest1	period of resting.
Rest1	support for holding or steadying something.
Rest1	interval of silence.
Rest1	sign denoting this.
Rest2	the remaining part or parts; the others; the remainder of some quantity or number.
Rest2	remain in a specified state
Rest2	be left in the hands or charge of
Restart	Start again.
Restart	Act of restarting.
Restate	express again or differently, esp. For emphasis.
Restaurant	Public premises where meals may be bought and eaten.
Restaurant car	Dining-car.
Restaurant car	Dining-car.
Restaurateur	Restaurant-keeper.
Rest-cure	Rest usu. Of some weeks as a medical treatment.
Restful	Giving rest or a feeling of rest; quiet, undisturbed.
Restful	Restfulness
Rest home	Place where old or convalescent people are cared for.
Restitution	restoring of a thing to its proper owner.
Restitution	reparation for an injury
Restive	fidgety; restless.
Restive	jibbing; refractory.
Restive	resisting control.
Restive	Restiveness
Restless	without rest or sleep.
Restless	uneasy; agitated.
Restless	constantly in motion, fidgeting, etc.
Restless	Restlessness
Restock	Stock again or differently.
Restoration	restoring or being restored.
Restoration	model or representation of the supposed original form of a thing.
Restoration	hist.
Restoration	re-establishment of the british monarchy in
Restoration	660.
Restoration	(often
Restoration	) Literary period following this
Restorative	Tending to restore health or strength.
Restorative	Restorative medicine, food, etc.
Restore	bring back to the original state by rebuilding, repairing, etc.
Restore	bring back to health etc.
Restore	give back to the original owner etc.
Restore	reinstate.
Restore	replace; put back; bring back to a former condition.
Restore	make a representation of the supposed original state of
Restrain	check or hold in; keep in check, under control, or within bounds.
Restrain	repress, keep down.
Restrain	confine, imprison.
Restraint	restraining or being restrained.
Restraint	restraining agency or influence.
Restraint	moderation; self-control.
Restraint	reserve of manner.
Restraint	confinement, esp. Because of insanity.
Restrict	confine, limit.
Restrict	withhold from general circulation or disclosure.
Restrictive	Restricting.
Restrictive practice	Agreement that limits competition or output in industry.
Rest room	Esp. Us public lavatory.
Restructure	give a new structure to; rebuild; rearrange.
Restyle	reshape; remake in a new style.
Result	consequence, issue, or outcome of something.
Result	satisfactory outcome
Result	end product of calculation.
Result	(in
Result	) List of scores or winners etc. In examinations or sporting events.
Result	arise as the actual, or follow as a logical, consequence.
Result	have a specified end or outcome
Resultant	Resulting, esp. As the total outcome of more or less opposed forces.
Resultant	Force etc. Equivalent to two or more acting in different directions at the same point.
Resume	begin again or continue after an interruption.
Resume	begin to speak, work, or use again; recommence.
Resume	get back; take back
Résumé	Summary.
Resumption	Resuming.
Resurface	lay a new surface on
Resurface	return to the surface.
Resurface	turn up again.
Resurgent	Rising or arising again.
Resurrect	Revive the practice, use, or memory of.
Resurrect	raise or rise from the dead.
Resurrection	rising from the dead.
Resurrection	christ's rising from the dead.
Resurrection	revival after disuse, inactivity, or decay.
Resuscitate	revive from unconsciousness or apparent death.
Resuscitate	revive, restore.
Retail	Sale of goods in small quantities to the public, and usu. Not for resale.
Retail	By retail; at a retail price.
Retail	sell
Retail	by retail.
Retail	be sold in this way
Retail	recount; relate details of.
Retain	a keep possession of; not lose; continue to have.
Retain	not abolish, discard, or alter.
Retain	keep in one's memory.
Retain	keep in place; hold fixed.
Retain	secure the services of (a person, esp.
Retain	barrister) with a preliminary payment.
Retainer	fee for securing a person's services.
Retainer	faithful servant
Retainer	reduced rent paid to retain unoccupied accommodation.
Retainer	person or thing that retains.
Retake	(-king; past retook;
Retake	Retaken)
Retake	take
Retake	Again.
Retake	recapture.
Retake	act of filming a scene or recording music etc. Again.
Retake	film or recording obtained in this way.
Retake	act of taking an exam etc. Again.
Retaliate	repay an injury, insult, etc. In kind; attack in return.
Retaliate	Retaliatory
Retard	make slow or late.
Retard	delay the progress or accomplishment of.
Retard	Retardation
Retarded	Backward in mental or physical development.
Retch	Make a motion of vomiting, esp. Involuntarily and without effect.
Retell	(past and
Retell	Retold) tell again or differently.
Retention	retaining or being retained.
Retention	condition of retaining bodily fluid
Retention	normally evacuated.
Retentive	tending to retain.
Retentive	Not forgetful.
Retexture	treat
Retexture	So as to restore its original texture.
Rethink	(past and
Rethink	Rethought) consider again, esp. With a view to making changes.
Rethink	Reassessment; rethinking.
Reticence	avoidance of saying all one knows or feels, or more than is necessary.
Reticence	disposition to silence; taciturnity.
Reticulate	divide or be divided in fact or appearance into a network.
Reticulate	Reticulated.
Retie	tie again.
Retina	layer at the back of the eyeball sensitive to light.
Retinue	Body of attendants accompanying an important person.
Retire	a leave office or employment, esp. Because of age.
Retire	cause
Retire	to retire from work.
Retire	withdraw, go away, retreat.
Retire	seek seclusion or shelter.
Retire	go to bed.
Retire	withdraw
Retire	cricket
Retire	voluntarily end or be compelled to suspend one's innings.
Retired	having retired from employment.
Retired	withdrawn from society or observation; secluded.
Retirement	a retiring.
Retirement	period of one's life as a retired person.
Retirement	seclusion.
Retirement pension	Pension paid by the state to retired people above a certain age.
Retiring	Shy; fond of seclusion.
Retort1	Incisive, witty, or angry reply.
Retort1	a say by way of a retort.
Retort1	make a retort.
Retort1	repay
Retort1	in kind.
Retort2	vessel with a long neck turned downwards, used in distilling liquids.
Retort2	vessel for heating coal to generate gas.
Retort2	Purify
Retort2	by heating in a retort.
Retouch	Improve
Retouch	By minor alterations.
Retrace	go back over
Retrace	trace back to a source or beginning.
Retrace	recall the course of
Retrace	in one's memory.
Retract	withdraw
Retract	draw or be drawn back or in.
Retract	Retraction
Retractile	Capable of being retracted.
Retrain	Train again or further, esp. For new work.
Retread	(past retrod;
Retread	Retrodden) tread
Retread	Again.
Retread	(past,
Retread	Retreaded) put a fresh tread on
Retread	Retreaded tyre.
Retreat	go back, retire; relinquish a position.
Retreat	recede.
Retreat	a act of retreating.
Retreat	mil. Signal for this.
Retreat	withdrawal into privacy or security.
Retreat	place of shelter or seclusion.
Retreat	period of seclusion for prayer and meditation.
Retreat	mil. Bugle-call at sunset.
Retrench	cut down expenses; introduce economies.
Retrench	reduce the amount of
Retrial	Second or further
Retrial	trial.
Retribution	Requital, usu. For evil done; vengeance.
Retrieve	a regain possession of.
Retrieve	recover by investigation or effort of memory.
Retrieve	obtain
Retrieve	find and bring in
Retrieve	rescue
Retrieve	restore to a flourishing state; revive.
Retrieve	repair or set right
Retrieve	Possibility of recovery
Retrieve	Retrieval
Retriever	Dog of a breed used for retrieving game.
Retro	Reviving or harking back to the past.
Retro	Retro fashion or style.
Retro-	Form
Retro-	denoting action back or in return.
Retro-	anat.
Retro-	med. Denoting location behind.
Retroactive	effective from a past date.
Retrodden	Of *retread.
Retrograde	directed backwards.
Retrograde	reverting, esp. To an inferior state; declining.
Retrograde	reversed
Retrograde	move backwards; recede.
Retrograde	decline, revert.
Retrogress	move backwards.
Retrogress	deteriorate.
Retrogress	Retrogressive
Retrorocket	Auxiliary rocket for slowing down a spacecraft etc.
Retrospection	Looking back into the past.
Retrospective	looking back on or dealing with the past.
Retrospective	Applying to the past as well as the future.
Retrospective	Exhibition, recital, etc. Showing an artist's development over his or her lifetime.
Retroussé	turned up at the tip.
Retroverted	inclined backwards.
Retrovirus	Any of a group of rna viruses which form dna during the replication of their rna, and so transfer genetic material into the dna of host cells.
Retry	try
Retry	a second or further time.
Retsina	Greek white wine flavoured with resin.
Retune	tune
Retune	again or differently.
Retune	tune
Retune	To a different frequency.
Return	come or go back.
Return	bring, put, or send back.
Return	pay back or reciprocate; give in response.
Return	yield
Return	say in reply; retort.
Return	Hit or send
Return	back.
Return	state, mention, or describe officially, esp. In answer to a writ or formal demand.
Return	elect as an mp, government, etc.
Return	coming or going back.
Return	a giving, sending, putting, or paying back.
Return	thing given or sent back.
Return	ticket for a journey to a place and back to the starting-point.
Return	(in sing. Or
Return	proceeds or profit of an undertaking.
Return	acquisition of these.
Return	formal statement compiled or submitted by order
Return	second match etc. Between the same opponents.
Return	a person's election as an mp etc.
Return	returning officer's announcement of this.
Returnee	Person who returns home from abroad, esp. After war service.
Returning officer	Official conducting an election in a constituency and announcing the results.
Retype	type again, esp. To correct errors.
Reunify	restore
Reunify	to a political unity.
Reunion	reuniting or being reunited.
Reunion	social gathering, esp. Of people formerly associated.
Reunite	come together again.
Reupholster	Upholster anew.
Reuse	use again.
Reuse	Second or further use.
Rev.	Reverend.
Rev	(in
Rev	) Number of revolutions of an engine per minute.
Rev	revolve; turn over.
Rev	cause
Rev	to run quickly.
Revalue	give a different, esp. Higher, value to
Revamp	renovate, revise, improve.
Revamp	patch up.
Revd	Reverend.
Reveal	display or show; allow to appear.
Reveal	(often as revealing
Reveal	) Disclose, divulge, betray
Reveal	come to sight or knowledge.
Reveille	Military waking-signal.
Revel	have a good time; be extravagantly festive.
Revel	take keen delight in.
Revel	(in sing. Or
Revel	) Revelling.
Revel	Revelry
Revelation	a revealing, esp. The supposed disclosure of knowledge to man by a divine or supernatural agency.
Revelation	knowledge disclosed in this way.
Revelation	striking disclosure.
Revelation	(revelation or
Revelation	Revelations)
Revelation	last book of the new testament.
Revenge	retaliation for an offence or injury.
Revenge	act of retaliation.
Revenge	desire for this; vindictive feeling.
Revenge	win after an earlier defeat.
Revenge	inflict retaliation for
Revenge	avenge
Revengeful	Eager for revenge.
Revenue	a income, esp.
Revenue	substantial one.
Revenue	) Items constituting this.
Revenue	state's annual income from which public expenses are met.
Revenue	department of the civil service collecting this.
Reverberate	be returned, echoed, or reflected repeatedly.
Reverberate	return
Reverberate	In this way.
Reverberate	Produce a continuing effect, shock, etc.
Reverberate	Reverberation
Reverberate	Reverberative
Revere	hold in deep and usu. Affectionate or religious respect.
Reverence	revering or being revered.
Reverence	capacity for revering.
Reverence	regard or treat with reverence.
Reverend	deserving reverence.
Reverend mother	Mother superior of a convent.
Reverent	Feeling or showing reverence.
Reverential	Of the nature of, due to, or characterized by reverence.
Reverie	Fit of abstracted musing, day-dream.
Revers	turned-back edge of a garment revealing the undersurface.
Revers	material on this surface.
Reverse	turn the other way round or up or inside out.
Reverse	change to the opposite character or effect.
Reverse	travel backwards.
Reverse	make
Reverse	Work in a contrary direction.
Reverse	revoke or annul
Reverse	backwards or upside down.
Reverse	opposite or contrary in character or order; inverted.
Reverse	opposite or contrary
Reverse	contrary of the usual manner
Reverse	piece of misfortune; disaster; defeat.
Reverse	reverse gear or motion.
Reverse	reverse side.
Reverse	side of a coin etc. Bearing the secondary design.
Reverse	verso of a printed leaf.
Reverse	Reversible
Reverse gear	Gear used to make a vehicle etc. Go backwards.
Reversing light	White light at the rear of a vehicle showing that it is in reverse gear.
Reversion	return to a previous state, habit, etc.
Reversion	biol. Return to ancestral type.
Reversion	legal right
Reversion	to possess or succeed to property on the death of the present possessor.
Revert	return to a former state, practice, opinion, etc.
Revert	Return by reversion.
Revert	(in sense
Review	general survey or assessment of a subject or thing.
Review	survey of the past.
Review	revision or reconsideration
Review	display and formal inspection of troops etc.
Review	published criticism of a book, play, etc.
Review	periodical with critical articles on current events, the arts, etc.
Review	survey or look back on.
Review	reconsider or revise.
Review	hold a review of
Review	write a review of
Revile	abuse verbally.
Revise	examine or re-examine and improve or amend
Revise	consider and alter
Revise	Go over
Revise	again, esp. For an examination.
Revised standard version	Revision published in
Revised standard version	946–57 of the american standard version of the bible
Revised version	Revision published in
Revised version	881–95 of the authorized version of the bible.
Revision	revising or being revised.
Revision	revised edition or form.
Revisionism	Often derog. Revision or modification of an orthodoxy, esp. Of marxism.
Revisit	visit again.
Revitalize	imbue with new life and vitality.
Revival	reviving or being revived.
Revival	new production of an old play etc.
Revival	revived use of an old practice, style, etc.
Revival	a reawakening of religious fervour.
Revival	campaign to promote this.
Revivalism	Promotion of a revival, esp. Of religious fervour.
Revive	come or bring back to consciousness, life, or strength.
Revive	come or bring back to existence, or to use or notice etc.
Revivify	restore to animation, vigour, or life.
Revoke	rescind, withdraw, or cancel.
Revoke	cards fail to follow suit when able to do so.
Revoke	Cards revoking.
Revoke	Revocation
Revolt	rise in rebellion.
Revolt	a affect with strong disgust.
Revolt	feel strong disgust.
Revolt	act of rebelling.
Revolt	state of insurrection.
Revolt	sense of disgust.
Revolt	mood of protest or defiance.
Revolting	Disgusting, horrible.
Revolution	forcible overthrow of a government or social order.
Revolution	any fundamental change or reversal of conditions.
Revolution	revolving.
Revolution	a single completion of an orbit or rotation.
Revolution	time taken for this.
Revolution	cyclic recurrence.
Revolutionary	involving great and often violent change.
Revolutionary	of or causing political revolution.
Revolutionary	instigator or supporter of political revolution.
Revolutionize	change fundamentally.
Revolve	turn round, esp. On an axis; rotate.
Revolve	move in a circular orbit.
Revolve	ponder
Revolve	In the mind.
Revolve	have as its chief concern; be centred upon
Revolver	Pistol with revolving chambers enabling several shots to be fired without reloading.
Revolving door	Door with usu. Four partitions turning round a central axis.
Revue	Entertainment of short usu. Satirical sketches and songs.
Revulsion	abhorrence.
Revulsion	sudden violent change of feeling.
Reward	a return or recompense for service or merit.
Reward	requital for good or evil.
Reward	sum offered for the detection of a criminal, restoration of lost property, etc.
Reward	Give a reward to
Reward	or for
Rewarding	Worthwhile; satisfying.
Rewind	(past and
Rewind	Rewound) wind
Rewind	Back.
Rewire	provide with new electrical wiring.
Reword	Express in different words.
Rework	Revise; refashion; remake.
Rewrite	(-ting; past rewrote;
Rewrite	Rewritten) write again or differently.
Rewrite	rewriting.
Rewrite	thing rewritten.
Rex	reigning king
Rex	law the crown (rex
Rex	Jones).
Rf	Rutherfordium.
Rfc	Rugby football club.
Rh	Rhodium.
R.h.	Right hand.
Rhapsodize	talk or write rhapsodies.
Rhapsody	enthusiastic or extravagant speech or composition.
Rhapsody	piece of music in one movement, often based on national, folk, or popular melodies.
Rhea	S. American flightless ostrich-like bird.
Rhenium	Rare metallic element occurring naturally in molybdenum ores.
Rheostat	Instrument used to control an electric current by varying the resistance.
Rhesus	small
Rhesus	Indian monkey.
Rhesus factor	Antigen occurring on the red blood cells of most humans and some other primates.
Rhesus negative	Lacking the rhesus factor.
Rhesus positive	Having the rhesus factor.
Rhetoric	art of effective or persuasive speaking or writing.
Rhetoric	language designed to persuade or impress
Rhetorical	expressed artificially or extravagantly.
Rhetorical	of the nature or art of rhetoric.
Rhetorical question	Question used for effect but not seeking an answer
Rheumatic	Of, suffering from, producing, or produced by rheumatism.
Rheumatic	Person suffering from rheumatism.
Rheumatic	Rheumaticky
Rheumatic fever	Fever with inflammation and pain in the joints.
Rheumatics	pl.
Rheumatics	Rheumatism.
Rheumatism	Disease marked by inflammation and pain in the joints, muscles, or fibrous tissue, esp. Rheumatoid arthritis.
Rheumatoid	Having the character of rheumatism.
Rheumatoid arthritis	Chronic progressive disease causing inflammation and stiffening of the joints.
Rhinestone	Imitation diamond.
Rhino	Rhinoceros.
Rhinoceros	large thick-skinned mammal with usu. One horn on its nose.
Rhizome	Underground rootlike stem bearing both roots and shoots.
Rho	Seventeenth letter of the greek alphabet
Rhodium	Hard white metallic element used in making alloys and plating jewellery.
Rhododendron	evergreen shrub with large clusters of bell-shaped flowers.
Rhomboid	like a rhombus.
Rhomboid	Quadrilateral of which only the opposite sides and angles are equal.
Rhombus	geom. Parallelogram with oblique angles and equal sides.
Rhs	Royal horticultural society.
Rhubarb	a plant with long fleshy dark-red leaf-stalks cooked as a dessert.
Rhubarb	these stalks.
Rhubarb	Indistinct conversation or noise, from the repeated use of the word ‘rhubarb’ by a crowd. B
Rhubarb	nonsense.
Rhyme	identity of sound between words or their endings, esp. In verse.
Rhyme	(in sing. Or
Rhyme	) Verse or a poem having rhymes.
Rhyme	use of rhyme.
Rhyme	word providing a rhyme.
Rhyme	produce a rhyme.
Rhyme	act as or treat
Rhyme	as a rhyme
Rhyme	make or write rhymes.
Rhyme	put or make
Rhyme	Into rhyme.
Rhymester	Writer of
Rhymester	rhymes.
Rhyming	that replaces words by rhyming words or phrases, e.g. Suit by whistle and flute.
Rhythm	a periodical accent and the duration of notes in music, esp. As beats in a bar.
Rhythm	type of structure formed by this
Rhythm	measured regular flow of verse or prose determined by the length of and stress on syllables.
Rhythm	physiol. Pattern of successive strong and weak movements.
Rhythm	regularly recurring sequence of events.
Rhythm	Rhythmical
Rhythm	Rhythmically
Rhythm and blues	Popular music with blues themes and a strong rhythm.
Rhythm method	Abstention from sexual intercourse near the time of ovulation, as a method of birth control.
Rhythm section	Piano
Rhythm section	, bass, and drums in a dance or jazz band.
Rib	each of the curved bones joined to the spine in pairs and protecting the chest.
Rib	joint of meat from this part of an animal.
Rib	supporting ridge, timber, rod, etc. Across a surface or through a structure.
Rib	knitting combination of plain and purl stitches producing a ribbed design.
Ribald	ly or disrespectfully humorous; obscene.
Ribaldry	Ribald talk or behaviour.
Riband	Ribbon.
Ribbed	Having ribs or riblike markings.
Ribbing	ribs or a riblike structure.
Ribbing	Teasing.
Ribbon	a narrow strip or band of fabric, used esp. For trimming or decoration.
Ribbon	material in this form.
Ribbon	ribbon worn to indicate some honour or membership of a sports team etc.
Ribbon	long narrow strip of anything
Ribbon	(in
Ribbon	) Ragged strips
Ribbon development	Building of houses one house deep along a road leading out of a town or village.
Ribcage	Wall of bones formed by the ribs round the chest.
Riboflavin	vitamin of the b complex, found in liver, milk, and eggs.
Ribonucleic acid	Nucleic acid in living cells, involved in protein synthesis.
Rib-tickler	Something amusing, joke.
Rice	swamp grass cultivated in esp. Asian marshes.
Rice	grains of this, used as food.
Rice-paper	Edible paper made from the pith of an oriental tree and used for painting and in cookery.
Rich	having much wealth.
Rich	splendid, costly, elaborate.
Rich	valuable
Rich	copious, abundant, ample
Rich	Fertile; abundant in resources etc.
Rich	containing much fat or spice etc.
Rich	containing a high proportion of fuel.
Rich	mellow and deep, strong and full.
Rich	highly amusing or ludicrous; outrageous.
Riches	pl. Abundant means; valuable possessions.
Richly	in a rich way.
Richly	fully, thoroughly
Richter scale	Scale of
Richter scale	–10 for representing the strength of an earthquake.
Rick1	Stack of hay etc.
Rick2	Slight sprain or strain.
Rick2	Sprain or strain slightly.
Rickets	(treated as sing. Or
Rickets	) Deficiency disease of children with softening of the bones.
Rickety	insecure, shaky.
Rickety	suffering from rickets.
Rickshaw	light two-wheeled hooded vehicle drawn by one or more persons.
Ricochet	rebounding of esp.
Ricochet	shell or bullet off a surface.
Ricochet	hit made after this.
Ricochet	make a ricochet.
Ricotta	Soft italian cheese.
Ricrac	zigzag braided trimming for garments.
Rid	(-dd-; past and
Rid	Rid)
Rid	free
Rid	of something unwanted.
Riddance	Getting rid of something.
Ridden	Of *ride.
Riddle1	verbal puzzle or test, often with a trick answer.
Riddle1	puzzling fact, thing, or person.
Riddle1	speak in riddles.
Riddle2	make many holes in, esp. With gunshot.
Riddle2	fill; permeate
Riddle2	pass through a riddle.
Riddle2	sieve.
Ride	(-ding; past rode;
Ride	Ridden)
Ride	travel or be carried on
Ride	Or esp. Us in
Ride	; be conveyed
Ride	Be carried by
Ride	be carried or supported by
Ride	traverse or take part in on horseback etc. (ride
Ride	0 miles; rode the prairie).
Ride	a lie at anchor; float buoyantly.
Ride	seem to float.
Ride	yield to
Ride	so as to reduce its impact.
Ride	give a ride to; cause to ride
Ride	cause
Ride	To move forward
Ride	(as ridden
Ride	) (foll. By by, with, or in
Ride	) Be dominated by; be infested with
Ride	journey or spell of riding in a vehicle, or on a horse, bicycle, person's back, etc.
Ride	path
Ride	for riding on.
Ride	specified kind of ride
Ride	amusement for riding on at a fairground etc.
Ride	Hoax or deceive.
Rider	person who rides (esp.
Rider	horse).
Rider	additional remark following a statement, verdict, etc.
Ridge	line of the junction of two surfaces sloping upwards towards each other
Ridge	long narrow hilltop, mountain range, or watershed.
Ridge	any narrow elevation across a surface.
Ridge	elongated region of high barometric pressure.
Ridge	raised strip of esp. Ploughed land.
Ridge	mark with ridges.
Ridge-pole	Horizontal roof pole of a long tent.
Ridgeway	Road or track along a ridge.
Ridicule	Derision, mockery.
Ridicule	make fun of; mock; laugh at.
Ridiculous	deserving or inviting ridicule.
Ridiculous	unreasonable.
Ridiculous	Ridiculousness
Riding1	Sport or pastime of travelling on horseback.
Riding2	Hist. Former administrative division
Riding2	of yorkshire.
Riding-light	Light shown by a ship at anchor.
Riding-school	Establishment teaching horsemanship.
Riesling	a kind of grape.
Riesling	white wine made from this.
Rife	of common occurrence; widespread.
Rife	abounding in.
Riff	Short repeated phrase in jazz etc.
Riffle	leaf quickly through
Riffle	a turn
Riffle	in quick succession.
Riffle	shuffle
Riffle	, esp. By flexing and combining the two halves of a pack.
Riffle	act of riffling.
Riffle	us a shallow disturbed part of a stream.
Riffle	patch of waves or ripples.
Riff-raff	rabble; disreputable people.
Rifle1	gun with a long rifled barrel, esp. One fired from the shoulder.
Rifle1	(in
Rifle1	) Riflemen.
Rifle1	make spiral grooves in
Rifle1	to make a projectile spin.
Rifle2	search and rob.
Rifle2	carry off as booty.
Rifleman	Soldier armed with a rifle.
Rifle-range	Place for rifle-practice.
Rifle-shot	shot fired with a rifle.
Rifle-shot	distance coverable by this.
Rifling	Arrangement of grooves on the inside of a gun's barrel.
Rift	crack, split; break
Rift	disagreement; breach.
Rift	cleft in earth or rock.
Rift	Tear or burst apart.
Rift-valley	Steep-sided valley formed by subsidence between nearly parallel faults.
Rig1	provide
Rig1	with sails, rigging, etc.
Rig1	fit with clothes or other equipment.
Rig1	set up hastily or as a makeshift.
Rig1	assemble and adjust the parts of
Rig1	arrangement of a ship's masts, sails, etc.
Rig1	equipment for a special purpose, e.g.
Rig1	radio transmitter.
Rig1	Style of dress; uniform
Rig1	(also in
Rig2	manage or fix
Rig2	Fraudulently
Rig2	Trick, dodge, or way of swindling.
Rigger	worker on an oil rig.
Rigger	person who rigs or who arranges rigging.
Rigging	Ship's spars, ropes, etc.
Right	Just, morally or socially correct
Right	true, correct
Right	suitable or preferable
Right	sound or normal; healthy; satisfactory
Right	on or towards the east side of the human body, or of any object etc., when facing north.
Right	Meant for display or use.
Right	Real; complete
Right	polit. Of the right.
Right	that which is correct or just; fair treatment (often in
Right	: rights and wrongs of the case).
Right	justification or fair claim
Right	legal or moral entitlement; authority to act
Right	right-hand part, region, or direction.
Right	boxing a right hand.
Right	blow with this.
Right	a conservative political group or section.
Right	conservatives collectively.
Right	side of a stage to the right of a person facing the audience.
Right	Restore to a proper, straight, or vertical position.
Right	correct or avenge
Right	; set in order; make reparation.
Right	straight
Right	Immediately
Right	All the way
Right	Completely
Right	exactly, quite
Right	justly, properly, correctly, truly, satisfactorily
Right	on or to the right side.
Right	Expressing agreement or assent.
Right	in the favour of
Right	somewhat less than
Right	. Put
Right	right
Right	restore to order, health, etc.
Right	correct the mistaken impression etc. Of
Right	. Put
Right	to rights make correct or well ordered. Right away
Right	immediately. Right oh!
Right	expression of strong approval or encouragement.
Right	right one
Right	Foolish or funny person. Right you are!
Right	Exclamation of assent. Too right
Right	expression of agreement.
Right angle	Angle of
Right angle	0°.
Right arm	One's most reliable helper.
Right bank	Bank of a river on the right facing downstream.
Righten	Make right or correct.
Righteous	morally right; virtuous, law-abiding.
Righteous	Righteousness
Rightful	legitimately entitled to
Rightful	That one is entitled to.
Rightful	Equitable, fair.
Right-hand	on or towards the right side of a person or thing.
Right-hand	done with the right hand.
Right-handed	naturally using the right hand for writing etc.
Right-handed	For use by the right hand.
Right-handed	struck with the right hand.
Right-handed	a turning to the right.
Right-handed	turned clockwise to tighten.
Right-handed	Right-handedness
Right-hander	right-handed person.
Right-hander	right-handed blow.
Right-hand man	Indispensable or chief assistant.
Right honourable	Title given to certain high officials, e.g. Privy counsellors.
Rightism	Political conservatism.
Rightly	Justly, properly, correctly, justifiably.
Right-minded	having sound views and principles.
Rightmost	Furthest to the right.
Righto	Expressing agreement or assent.
Right of way	right established by usage to pass over another's ground.
Right of way	path subject to such a right.
Right of way	right of a vehicle to precedence.
Right reverend	Bishop's title.
Right turn	Turn of
Right turn	0 degrees to the right.
Rightward	towards the right.
Rightward	Going towards or facing the right.
Right wing	more conservative section of a political party or system.
Right wing	right side of a football etc. Team on the field.
Right wing	conservative or reactionary.
Rigid	not flexible; unbendable.
Rigid	Inflexible, unbending, harsh.
Rigid	Rigidly
Rigid	Rigidness
Rigmarole	lengthy and complicated procedure.
Rigmarole	rambling or meaningless talk or tale.
Rigor1	Feeling of cold with shivering and a rise in temperature, preceding a fever etc.
Rigor2	a severity, strictness, harshness.
Rigor2	) Harsh measures or conditions.
Rigor2	logical exactitude.
Rigor2	strict enforcement of rules etc.
Rigor2	austerity of life.
Rigor mortis	Stiffening of the body after death.
Rigorous	firm; strict, severe.
Rigorous	strictly exact or accurate.
Rigorous	Rigorousness
Rigour	a severity, strictness, harshness.
Rigour	) Harsh measures or conditions.
Rigour	logical exactitude.
Rigour	strict enforcement of rules etc.
Rigour	austerity of life.
Rig-out	Outfit of clothes.
Rile	Anger, irritate.
Rill	Small stream.
Rim	edge or border, esp. Of something circular.
Rim	outer edge of a wheel, holding the tyre.
Rim	part of spectacle frames around the lens.
Rim	Rimmed
Rim	(also in
Rime1	frost.
Rime1	hoar-frost.
Rime1	cover with rime.
Rime2	var. Of *rhyme.
Rind	Tough outer layer or covering of fruit and vegetables, cheese, bacon, etc.
Ring1	circular band, usu. Of metal, worn on a finger.
Ring1	circular band of any material.
Ring1	rim of a cylindrical or circular object, or a line or band round it.
Ring1	mark etc. Resembling a ring
Ring1	ring in the cross-section of a tree, produced by one year's growth.
Ring1	a enclosure for a circus performance, boxing, betting at races, showing of cattle, etc.
Ring1	bookmakers collectively.
Ring1	a people or things in a circle.
Ring2	(past rang;
Ring2	Rung)
Ring2	Give a clear resonant or vibrating sound of or as of a bell.
Ring2	a make (esp.
Ring2	bell) ring.
Ring2	Call by ringing a bell
Ring2	call by telephone
Ring2	resound with a sound, fame, etc.
Ring2	be filled with a sensation of ringing.
Ring2	a sound
Ring2	On bells.
Ring2	sound
Ring2	usher in or out with bell-ringing
Ring2	convey a specified impression
Ring2	ringing sound or tone.
Ring2	act or sound of ringing a bell.
Ring2	Telephone call
Ring2	specified feeling conveyed by words etc.
Ring2	set of esp. Church bells.
Ring2	Begin to revive a memory. Ring down
Ring2	the curtain
Ring2	cause the curtain to be lowered or raised.
Ring2	mark the end or the beginning of
Ring2	. Ring in report or make contact by telephone. Ring off end a telephone call. Ring round telephone several people. Ring up
Ring2	call by telephone.
Ring2	record
Ring2	On a cash register.
Ring-binder	Loose-leaf binder with ring-shaped clasps.
Ring-dove	Woodpigeon.
Ringer	Bell-ringer.
Ringer	resemble
Ringer	exactly.
Ring-fence	protect or guarantee
Ring finger	Third finger, esp. Of the left hand, on which a wedding ring is usu. Worn.
Ringing tone	Sound heard after dialling an unengaged number.
Ringleader	Leading instigator of a crime, mischief, etc.
Ringlet	Curly lock of esp. Long hair.
Ringmaster	Person directing a circus performance.
Ring-pull	having a ring for pulling to break its seal.
Ring road	Bypass encircling a town.
Ringside	Area immediately beside a boxing or circus ring etc. (often
Ringside	: ringside view).
Ringworm	Fungal skin infection causing circular inflamed patches, esp. On the scalp.
Rink	area of ice for skating or curling etc.
Rink	enclosed area for roller-skating.
Rink	building containing either of these.
Rink	strip of bowling-green.
Rink	team in bowls or curling.
Rinse	wash or treat with clean water etc.
Rinse	wash lightly.
Rinse	put
Rinse	Through clean water after washing.
Rinse	clear
Rinse	by rinsing.
Rinse	rinsing
Rinse	temporary hair tint
Riot	a violent disturbance by a crowd of people.
Riot	Involved in suppressing riots
Riot	loud uncontrolled revelry.
Riot	lavish display or sensation
Riot	Very amusing thing or person.
Riot	Make or engage in a riot.
Rip	May he, she, or they rest in peace.
Rip1	tear or cut
Rip1	quickly or forcibly away or apart
Rip1	a make
Rip1	By ripping.
Rip1	make a long tear or cut in.
Rip1	come violently apart; split.
Rip1	rush along.
Rip1	long tear or cut.
Rip1	act of ripping.
Rip1	proceed or act without restraint or interference.
Rip1	speak violently. Rip into
Rip1	Attack
Rip1	verbally. Rip off
Rip1	swindle.
Rip1	steal.
Rip2	Stretch of rough water caused by meeting currents.
Rip3	dissolute person; rascal.
Rip3	worthless horse.
Riparian	Of or on a river-bank
Rip-cord	Cord for releasing a parachute from its pack.
Ripe	Ready to be reaped, picked, or eaten.
Ripe	mature, fully developed
Ripe	advanced.
Ripe	fit or ready
Ripen	Make or become ripe.
Rip-off	Swindle, financial exploitation.
Riposte	quick retort.
Riposte	quick return thrust in fencing.
Riposte	deliver a riposte.
Ripper	person or thing that rips.
Ripper	murderer who mutilates the victims' bodies.
Ripple	ruffling of the water's surface, small wave or waves.
Ripple	gentle lively sound, e.g. Of laughter or applause.
Ripple	wavy appearance in hair, material, etc.
Ripple	slight variation in the strength of a current etc.
Ripple	ice-cream with veins of syrup
Ripple	form or flow in ripples.
Ripple	show or sound like ripples.
Rip-roaring	wildly noisy or boisterous.
Rip-roaring	excellent, first-rate.
Ripsaw	saw for sawing wood along the grain.
Rise	(-sing; past rose;
Rise	Risen)
Rise	come or go up.
Rise	grow, project, expand, or incline upwards; become higher.
Rise	appear or be visible above the horizon.
Rise	get up from lying, sitting, kneeling, or from bed; become erect.
Rise	Adjourn.
Rise	reach a higher position, level, amount, intensity, etc.
Rise	make progress socially etc.
Rise	a  come to the surface of liquid.
Rise	react to provocation
Rise	come to life again.
Rise	swell by the action of yeast etc.
Rise	rebel
Rise	2 originate
Rise	start to blow.
Rise	become cheerful.
Rise	rising.
Rise	upward slope, hill, or movement
Rise	a increase in amount, extent, sound, pitch, etc.
Rise	increase in salary.
Rise	increase in status or power; upward progress.
Rise	movement of fish to the surface.
Rise	origin.
Rise	a vertical height of a step, arch, incline, etc.
Rise	Provoke a reaction from
Rise	, esp. By teasing. On the rise on the increase. Rise above be superior to
Rise	. Rise to develop powers equal to
Riser	person who rises from bed
Riser	vertical section between the treads of a staircase.
Risible	Laughable, ludicrous.
Rising	advancing to maturity or high standing
Rising	approaching a specified age
Rising	sloping upwards.
Rising	Revolt or insurrection.
Rising damp	Moisture absorbed from the ground into a wall.
Risk	chance or possibility of danger, loss, injury, etc.
Risk	person or thing causing a risk or regarded in relation to risk
Risk	expose to risk.
Risk	accept the chance of
Risk	venture on.
Risky	involving risk.
Risky	Riskiness
Risotto	italian savoury rice dish cooked in stock.
Risqué	Slightly indecent.
Rissole	Cake of spiced minced meat, coated in breadcrumbs and fried.
Rit.	Ritardando.
Rite	religious or solemn observance, act, or procedure
Rite	body of customary observances characteristic of a church etc.
Rite of passage	(often in
Rite of passage	) Event marking a change or stage in life, e.g. Marriage.
Ritual	a prescribed order of a ceremony etc.
Ritual	solemn or colourful pageantry etc.
Ritual	procedure regularly followed.
Ritual	Of or done as a ritual or rite
Ritualism	Regular or excessive practice of ritual.
Ritualism	Ritualistic
Ritualism	Ritualistically
Ritzy	High-class, luxurious, showily smart.
Rival	(often
Rival	person competing with another.
Rival	person or thing that equals another in quality.
Rival	be, seem, or claim to be the rival of or comparable to.
Rivalry	being rivals; competition.
Riven	Literary split, torn.
River	copious natural stream of water flowing to the sea or a lake etc.
River	copious flow
River	Betray or let down.
Riverside	(often
Riverside	) Ground along a river-bank.
Rivet	Nail or bolt for joining metal plates etc., with the headless end beaten out when in place.
Rivet	a join or fasten with rivets.
Rivet	beat out or press down the end of
Rivet	fix, make immovable.
Rivet	direct intently
Rivet	(esp. As riveting
Rivet	) Engross
Riviera	Coastal subtropical region, esp. That of se france and nw italy.
Rivulet	Small stream.
Rm	Royal marines.
Rm.	Room.
Rma	Royal military academy.
Rn	Royal navy.
Rn	Radon.
Rna	Ribonucleic acid.
Rnli	Royal national lifeboat institution.
Roach	small freshwater fish of the carp family.
Road	a way with a prepared surface, for vehicles, pedestrians, etc.
Road	part of this for vehicles only
Road	one's way or route.
Road	(usu. In
Road	) Piece of water near the shore in which ships can ride at anchor.
Road	. Get out of the
Road	Road dial. Stop obstructing a person. In the
Road	road dial. Forming an obstruction. One for the road
Road	Final
Road	drink before departure. On the road travelling, esp.
Roadbed	foundation structure of a railway.
Roadbed	foundation material for a road.
Roadbed	us part of a road on which vehicles travel.
Roadblock	Barrier set up on a road in order to stop and examine traffic.
Road fund licence	Disc displayed on a vehicle certifying payment of road tax.
Road-hog	Reckless or inconsiderate road-user.
Road-holding	Stability of a moving vehicle.
Road-house	Inn or club on a major road.
Roadie	Assistant of a touring band etc., erecting and maintaining equipment.
Road-metal	Broken stone used in road-making etc.
Road sense	Capacity for safe behaviour in traffic etc.
Roadshow	television or radio series broadcasting each programme from a different venue.
Roadshow	any touring political or advertising campaign or touring entertainment.
Roadside	(often
Roadside	) Strip of land beside a road.
Road sign	Sign giving information or instructions to road users.
Roadster	Open car without rear seats.
Road tax	Periodic tax payable on road vehicles.
Road test	Test of a vehicle's roadworthiness.
Road test	test
Road test	on the road.
Roadway	road.
Roadway	part of a road intended for vehicles.
Roadworks	pl. Construction, repair, etc. Of roads.
Roadworthy	Fit to be used on the road.
Roam	ramble, wander.
Roam	travel unsystematically over, through, or about.
Roam	Act of roaming; ramble.
Roan	(of esp.
Roan	horse) having a coat thickly interspersed with hairs of another colour.
Roan	Roan animal.
Roar	a loud deep hoarse sound, as made by a lion.
Roar	similar sound.
Roar	loud laugh.
Roar	utter loudly or make a roar, roaring laugh, etc.
Roar	travel in a vehicle at high speed, esp. With the engine roaring.
Roaring drunk	Very drunk and noisy.
Roaring forties	pl. Stormy ocean tracts between lat.
Roaring forties	0° and
Roaring forties	0° s.
Roaring success	Great success.
Roaring trade	very brisk trade or business.
Roaring twenties	pl. Decade of the
Roaring twenties	920s.
Roast	a cook
Roast	or
Roast	be cooked in an oven or by open heat
Roast	heat
Roast	before grinding.
Roast	refl. Expose
Roast	To fire or heat.
Roast	criticize severely, denounce.
Roast	Roasted
Roast	a roast meat.
Roast	dish of this.
Roast	piece of meat for roasting.
Roast	process of roasting.
Roaster	oven, dish, apparatus, etc. For roasting.
Roaster	fowl, potato, etc. For roasting.
Roasting	Very hot.
Roasting	Severe criticism or denunciation.
Rob	Take unlawfully from, esp. By force or threat
Rob	deprive of what is due or normal
Robbery	act of robbing.
Robbery	Excessive charge or cost.
Robe	a long loose outer garment.
Robe	(often in
Robe	) This worn as an indication of rank, office, profession, etc.
Robe	esp. Us dressing-gown.
Robe	clothe in a robe; dress.
Robin	small brown red-breasted bird.
Robin	us red-breasted thrush.
Robin hood	Person who steals from the rich to give to the poor.
Robinia	Any of various
Robinia	American trees or shrubs, e.g.
Robinia	locust tree or false acacia.
Robot	machine resembling or functioning like a human.
Robot	machine automatically completing a mechanical process.
Robot	person who acts mechanically.
Robot	Robotize
Robotics	pl.
Robotics	Art, science, or study of robot design and operation.
Robust	strong and sturdy, esp. In physique or construction.
Robust	Vigorous, requiring strength.
Robust	Straightforward, vigorous.
Robust	Bold, firm, unyielding.
Robust	Robustness
Roc	Gigantic bird of eastern legend.
Rochet	Surplice-like vestment of a bishop or abbot.
Rock1	a hard material of the earth's crust, often exposed on the surface.
Rock1	similar material on other planets.
Rock1	geol. Any natural material, hard or soft
Rock1	, consisting of one or more minerals.
Rock1	a projecting rock forming a hill, cliff, reef, etc.
Rock1	gibraltar.
Rock1	large detached stone.
Rock1	us stone of any size.
Rock1	firm and dependable support or protection.
Rock1	hard sweet usu. In the form of a peppermint-flavoured stick.
Rock1	precious stone, esp.
Rock1	diamond.
Rock1	achieve
Rock1	satisfaction. On the rocks
Rock1	short of money.
Rock1	Broken down.
Rock1	served neat with ice-cubes.
Rock2	move gently to and fro; set, maintain, or be in, such motion.
Rock2	sway; shake, oscillate, reel.
Rock2	distress, perturb
Rock2	rocking movement.
Rock2	spell of this.
Rock2	rock and roll-influenced popular music.
Rock2	Disturb a stable situation.
Rockabilly	Rock and roll combined with hill-billy music.
Rock and roll	popular dance-music originating in the
Rock and roll	950s with a heavy beat and often a blues element.
Rock-bottom	The very lowest.
Rock-bottom	Very lowest level.
Rock-cake	Small rough-surfaced spicy currant bun.
Rock-crystal	Transparent colourless quartz, usu. In hexagonal prisms.
Rocker	curved bar etc. On which something can rock.
Rocker	rocking-chair.
Rocker	devotee of rock music, esp.
Rocker	leather-clad motor cyclist.
Rocker	a device for rocking.
Rocker	pivoted switch operating between ‘on’ and ‘off’ positions.
Rocker	crazy.
Rockery	construction of stones with soil between them for growing rock-plants on.
Rocket	cylindrical firework or signal etc. Propelled to a great height after ignition.
Rocket	engine operating on the same principle, providing thrust but not dependent on air intake.
Rocket	rocket-propelled missile, spacecraft, etc.
Rocket	severe reprimand.
Rocket	a move rapidly upwards or away.
Rocket	increase rapidly
Rocket	bombard with rockets.
Rocketry	Science or practice of rocket propulsion.
Rock-face	Vertical surface of natural rock.
Rockfall	Descent or mass of loose fallen rocks.
Rocking-chair	Chair mounted on rockers or springs for gently rocking in.
Rocking-horse	Toy horse on rockers or springs.
Rock-plant	Plant growing on or among rocks.
Rock-salmon	Any of several fishes, esp. The catfish and dogfish.
Rock-salt	Common salt as a solid mineral.
Rocky1	of, like, or full of rock or rocks.
Rocky2	Unsteady, tottering, unstable.
Rococo	of a late baroque style of
Rococo	8th-c. Decoration.
Rococo	Highly ornate.
Rococo	This style.
Rod	slender straight cylindrical bar or stick.
Rod	a cane for flogging.
Rod	use of this.
Rod	hist.
Rod	perch or square perch
Rodent	Mammal with strong incisors and no canine teeth, e.g. The rat, mouse, squirrel, beaver, and porcupine.
Rodeo	exhibition of cowboys' skills in handling animals.
Rodeo	round-up of cattle on a ranch for branding etc.
Rodomontade	Boastful talk or behaviour.
Roe1	mass of eggs in a female fish's ovary.
Roe1	milt of a male fish.
Roe2	small kind of deer.
Roebuck	Male roe-deer.
Roentgen	unit of ionizing radiation.
Rogation	(usu. In
Rogation	) Litany of the saints chanted on the three days before ascension day.
Rogation days	pl. The three days before ascension day.
Roger	your message has been received and understood
Roger	i agree.
Rogue	dishonest or unprincipled person.
Rogue	joc. Mischievous person, esp.
Rogue	child.
Rogue	(usu.
Rogue	) Wild fierce animal driven away or living apart from others
Rogue	(often
Rogue	) Inexplicably aberrant result or phenomenon; inferior or defective specimen.
Roguery	conduct or action characteristic of rogues.
Rogues' gallery	Collection of photographs of known criminals etc., used for identification.
Roguish	playfully mischievous.
Roguish	characteristic of rogues.
Roguish	Roguishness
Roister	(esp. As roistering
Roister	) Revel noisily; be uproarious.
Role	actor's part in a play, film, etc.
Role	person's or thing's function.
Role model	Person on whom others model themselves.
Role-playing	acting of characters or situations as an aid in psychotherapy, language-teaching, etc.
Roll	move or go in some direction by turning on an axis
Roll	a make cylindrical or spherical by revolving between two surfaces or over on itself
Roll	make thus
Roll	gather into a mass or shape
Roll	move, advance, or be conveyed on or
Roll	As if on wheels etc.
Roll	flatten or form by passing a roller etc. Over or by passing between rollers
Roll	rotate
Roll	a wallow
Roll	Lie on its back and kick about.
Roll	sway to and fro sideways or walk unsteadily
Roll	a undulate
Roll	carry or propel with undulations
Roll	start functioning or moving
Roll	0 sound or utter with vibrations or a trill
Roll	rolling motion or gait; undulation
Roll	a spell of rolling
Roll-call	Calling out a list of names to establish who is present.
Rolled gold	Thin coating of gold applied to a base metal by rolling.
Rolled oats	pl. Husked and crushed oats.
Roller	a revolving cylinder for smoothing, spreading, crushing, stamping, hanging a towel on, etc., used alone or in a machine.
Roller	cylinder for diminishing friction when moving a heavy object.
Roller	small cylinder on which hair is rolled for setting.
Roller	long swelling wave.
Roller bearing	Bearing like a ball-bearing but with small cylinders instead of balls.
Roller blind	Blind on a roller.
Roller-coaster	switchback at a fair etc.
Roller-coaster	Uncontrollable, unstable.
Roller-skate	Metal frame with small wheels, fitted to shoes for riding on a hard surface.
Roller-skate	move on roller-skates.
Roller towel	Towel with the ends joined, hung on a roller.
Rollicking	Jovial, exuberant.
Rolling drunk	Swaying or staggering from drunkenness.
Rolling-mill	Machine or factory for rolling metal into shape.
Rolling-pin	Cylinder for rolling out pastry, dough, etc.
Rolling-stock	locomotives, carriages, etc. Used on a railway.
Rolling-stock	us road vehicles of a company.
Rolling stone	Unsettled rootless person.
Rollmop	Rolled uncooked pickled herring fillet.
Roll-neck	having a high loosely turned-over neck.
Roll of honour	List of those honoured, esp. The dead in war.
Roll-on	Applied by means of a rotating ball in the neck of the container.
Roll-on	Light elastic corset.
Roll-on roll-off	In which vehicles are driven directly on and off.
Roll-top desk	Desk with a flexible cover sliding in curved grooves.
Roll-up	hand-rolled cigarette.
Roly-poly	pudding made of a rolled strip of suet pastry covered with jam etc. And boiled or baked.
Roly-poly	Podgy, plump.
Rom	Computing read-only memory.
Rom.	Roman
Roman	of ancient rome, its territory, people, etc.
Roman	of medieval or modern rome.
Roman	plain and upright, used in ordinary print.
Roman	Based on the ancient roman system with letters a–z.
Roman	citizen or soldier of the ancient roman republic or empire.
Roman	citizen of modern rome.
Roman	roman type.
Roman candle	Firework discharging flaming coloured balls.
Roman catholic	Of the part of the christian church acknowledging the pope as its head.
Roman catholic	Member of this church.
Romance	idealized, poetic, or unworldly atmosphere or tendency.
Romance	a love affair.
Romance	mutual attraction in this.
Romance	sentimental or idealized love.
Romance	a literary genre concerning romantic love, stirring action, etc.
Romance	work of this genre.
Romance	medieval, esp. Verse, tale of chivalry, common in the romance languages.
Romance	a exaggeration, lies.
Romance	instance of this.
Romance	(often
Romance	) Languages descended from latin.
Romance	Short informal piece.
Romance	exaggerate, distort the truth, fantasize.
Romance	court, woo.
Roman empire	Hist. That established by augustus in
Roman empire	7 bc and divided by theodosius in ad
Romanesque	Style of european architecture c.
Romanesque	00–1200, with massive vaulting and round arches.
Romanesque	Of this style.
Romanian	a native or national of romania.
Romanian	person of romanian descent.
Romanian	language of romania.
Romanian	Of romania, its people, or language.
Romanic	a of romance.
Romanic	romance-speaking.
Romanic	descended from, or inheriting the civilization etc. Of, the ancient romans.
Romanize	make roman or roman catholic in character.
Romanize	put into the roman alphabet or roman type.
Roman law	Law-code of ancient rome, forming the basis of many modern codes.
Roman nose	Aquiline high-bridged nose.
Roman numeral	Any of the roman letters representing numbers: i =
Roman numeral	, v =
Roman numeral	, x =
Roman numeral	0, l =
Roman numeral	0, c =
Roman numeral	00, d =
Roman numeral	00, m =
Roman numeral	000.
Romano-	Form roman; roman and
Romantic	of, characterized by, or suggestive of romance
Romantic	inclined towards or suggestive of romance in love
Romantic	imaginative, visionary, idealistic.
Romantic	Concerned more with feeling and emotion than with form and aesthetic qualities.
Romantic	of the
Romantic	8th–19th-c. Romantic movement or style in the european arts.
Romantic	Unpractical, fantastic.
Romantic	romantic person.
Romantic	romanticist.
Romanticism	adherence to a romantic style in art, music, etc.
Romanticist	writer or artist of the romantic school.
Romanticize	make romantic; exaggerate
Romanticize	indulge in romantic thoughts or actions.
Romany	gypsy.
Romany	language of the gypsies.
Romany	Of gypsies or the romany language.
Romeo	passionate male lover or seducer.
Romp	play roughly and energetically.
Romp	Proceed without effort.
Romp	Spell of romping.
Romp	Win easily.
Rompers	young child's one-piece garment covering the legs and trunk.
Rondeau	poem of ten or thirteen lines with only two rhymes throughout and with the opening words used twice as a refrain.
Rondel	Rondeau, esp. One of special form.
Rondo	musical form with a recurring leading theme.
Rood	crucifix, esp. One raised on a rood-screen.
Rood	quarter of an acre.
Rood-screen	Carved screen separating nave and chancel.
Roof	a upper covering of a building.
Roof	top of a covered vehicle.
Roof	top inner surface of an oven, refrigerator, etc.
Roof	overhead rock in a cave or mine etc.
Roof	cover with or as with a roof.
Roof	be the roof of.
Roof	Rise dramatically. Hit
Roof	the roof
Roof	Become very angry.
Roof-garden	Garden on the flat roof of a building.
Roofing	Material for a roof.
Roof of the mouth	Palate.
Roof-rack	Framework for luggage on top of a vehicle.
Rooftop	outer surface of a roof.
Rooftop	(in
Rooftop	) Tops of houses etc.
Roof-tree	Ridge-piece of a roof.
Rook1	Black bird of the crow family nesting in colonies.
Rook1	Charge
Rook1	extortionately.
Rook1	win money at cards etc., esp. By swindling.
Rook2	Chess piece with a battlement-shaped top.
Rookery	colony of rooks, penguins, or seals.
Rookie	new recruit.
Room	space for, or occupied by, something; capacity
Room	a part of a building enclosed by walls, floor, and ceiling.
Room	) Apartments or lodgings.
Room	people in a room
Room	Us have room
Room	; lodge, board.
Rooming-house	Lodging house.
Room-mate	Person sharing a room.
Room service	Provision of food etc. In a hotel bedroom.
Roomy	having much room, spacious.
Roost	Branch or perch for a bird, esp. To sleep.
Roost	Settle for rest or sleep.
Rooster	Domestic cock.
Root1	a part of a plant normally below the ground, conveying nourishment from the soil.
Root1	) Branches or fibres of this.
Root1	small plant with a root for transplanting.
Root1	a plant with an edible root.
Root1	such a root.
Root1	(in
Root1	) Emotional attachment or family ties to a place or community.
Root1	a embedded part of a hair, tooth, nail, etc.
Root1	part of a thing attaching it to a greater whole.
Root1	(often
Root1	) Basic cause, source, nature, or origin
Root1	a number that when multiplied by itself a usu. Specified number of times gives a specified number or quantity
Root1	square root.
Root1	value of an unknown quantity satisfying a given equation.
Root1	core of a word, without
Root1	es, etc.
Root1	take root; grow roots
Root1	(esp. As rooted
Root1	) Fix firmly; establish
Root1	(usu. Foll.
Rootstock	rhizome.
Rootstock	plant into which a graft is inserted.
Rootstock	primary form from which offshoots have arisen.
Rope	a stout cord made by twisting together strands of hemp, wire, etc.
Rope	piece of this.
Rope	quantity of onions, pearls, etc. Strung together.
Rope	a halter for hanging a person.
Rope	execution by hanging.
Rope	fasten, secure, or catch with rope.
Rope	enclose with rope.
Rope	mountaineering connect with or attach to a rope.
Rope-ladder	Two ropes with crosspieces, used as a ladder.
Ropy	Poor in quality.
Roquefort	Propr. Soft blue cheese made from ewes' milk.
Ro-ro	Roll-on roll-off.
Rorqual	Whale with a dorsal fin.
Rorschach test	Personality test based on the subject's interpretation of a standard set of ink-blots.
Rosaceous	Of a large plant family including the rose.
Rosary	rc ch. Repeated sequence of prayers.
Rosary	string of beads for keeping count in this.
Rose1	prickly bush or shrub bearing usu. Fragrant red, pink, yellow, or white flowers.
Rose1	this flower.
Rose1	flowering plant resembling this
Rose1	a pinkish-red colour.
Rose1	(usu. In
Rose1	) Rosy complexion
Rose1	sprinkling-nozzle of a watering-can etc.
Rose1	circular electric light mounting on a ceiling.
Rose1	a representation of a rose in heraldry etc.
Rose1	rose-shaped design.
Rose1	(in
Rose1	) Used to express luck, ease, success, etc.
Rosé	Light pink wine.
Rosebowl	Bowl for cut roses, esp. As a prize in a competition.
Rosebud	bud of a rose.
Rosebud	pretty young woman.
Rose-bush	Rose plant.
Rose-coloured	pinkish-red.
Rose-coloured	optimistic, cheerful
Rosemary	Evergreen fragrant shrub used as a herb.
Rosette	rose-shaped ornament of ribbon etc., esp. As a supporter's badge or as a prize in a competition.
Rosette	rose-shaped carving.
Rose-water	Perfume made from roses.
Rose-window	Circular window with roselike tracery.
Rosewood	Any of several fragrant close-grained woods used in making furniture.
Rosin	Resin, esp. In solid form.
Rosin	rub (esp.
Rosin	violin bow etc.) With rosin.
Rospa	Royal society for the prevention of accidents.
Roster	List or plan of turns of duty etc.
Roster	Place on a roster.
Rostrum	platform for public speaking, an orchestral conductor, etc.
Rosy	pink or red.
Rosy	optimistic, hopeful
Rosy	Rosiness
Rot	lose its original form by the chemical action of bacteria, fungi, etc.; decay.
Rot	gradually perish or waste away
Rot	cause to rot, make rotten.
Rot	rotting; decay.
Rot	nonsense
Rot	decline in standards etc.
Rot	Expressing incredulity or ridicule.
Rota	List of duties to be done or names of people to do them in turn; roster.
Rotarian	Member of rotary.
Rotarian	Of rotary.
Rotary	Acting by rotation
Rotary	rotary machine.
Rotary	worldwide charitable society of businessmen, orig. Entertaining in rotation.
Rotary club	Local branch of rotary.
Rotate	move round an axis or centre, revolve.
Rotate	take or arrange
Rotate	in rotation.
Rotate	act or take place in rotation
Rotate	Rotatory
Rotation	rotating or being rotated.
Rotation	recurrence; recurrent series or period; regular succession.
Rotation	the growing of different crops in regular order to avoid exhausting the soil.
Rotavator	propr. Machine with a rotating blade for breaking up or tilling the soil.
Rote	(usu. Prec. By by; also
Rote	) Mechanical or habitual repetition
Rot-gut	cheap harmful alcohol.
Rotisserie	restaurant etc. Where meat is roasted or barbecued.
Rotisserie	rotating spit for roasting or barbecuing meat.
Rotor	rotary part of a machine.
Rotor	rotary aerofoil on a helicopter, providing lift.
Rotten	rotting or rotted; fragile from age or use.
Rotten	morally or politically corrupt.
Rotten	a disagreeable, unpleasant, bad
Rotten	worthless
Rotten	ill
Rotten	Rottenness
Rotten borough	Hist. (before
Rotten borough	832) english borough electing an mp though having very few voters.
Rotter	nasty or contemptible person.
Rottweiler	Black-and-tan dog noted for ferocity.
Rotund	plump, podgy.
Rotund	Sonorous, grandiloquent.
Rotunda	Circular building, hall, or room, esp. Domed.
Rouble	chief monetary unit of russia etc.
Roué	debauchee.
Rouge	Red cosmetic for colouring the cheeks.
Rouge	colour with or apply rouge.
Rouge	become red, blush.
Rough	uneven or bumpy, not smooth, level, or polished.
Rough	shaggy or
Rough	-haired.
Rough	boisterous,
Rough	; violent, not mild, quiet, or gentle
Rough	Sharp or harsh in taste.
Rough	harsh, insensitive
Rough	a unpleasant, severe, demanding
Rough	unfortunate; undeserved
Rough	hard or unfair
Rough	lacking finish etc.
Rough	incomplete, rudimentary, approximate
Rough	Used for rough notes etc.
Rough	Unwell; depressed
Rough	In a rough manner
Rough	hardship
Rough	rough ground, esp. On a golf-course
Rough	violent person
Rough	unfinished or natural state
Rough	ruffle
Rough	, esp. By rubbing.
Rough	shape, plan, or sketch roughly.
Rough	Do without basic comforts. Rough up
Rough	attack violently.
Rough	Roughness
Roughage	fibrous material in food, stimulating intestinal action.
Rough-and-ready	Crude but effective; not over-particular.
Rough-and-tumble	Irregular, scrambling, disorderly.
Rough-and-tumble	Disorderly fight; scuffle.
Roughcast	(often
Roughcast	) Plaster of lime and gravel, used on outside walls.
Roughcast	Roughly formed, preliminary.
Roughcast	(past and
Roughcast	-cast)
Roughcast	coat with roughcast.
Roughcast	prepare in outline.
Rough diamond	uncut diamond.
Rough diamond	rough-mannered but honest person.
Rough-dry	Dry
Rough-dry	without ironing.
Roughen	Make or become rough.
Rough-hewn	Uncouth, unrefined.
Rough house	disturbance or row; boisterous play.
Rough justice	treatment that is approximately fair.
Rough justice	unjust treatment.
Roughly	in a rough manner.
Roughly	approximately (roughly
Roughly	0 people).
Roughneck	worker on an oil rig.
Roughneck	rough or rowdy person.
Rough-rider	Person who breaks in or rides unbroken horses.
Roughshod	having shoes with nail-heads projecting to prevent slipping.
Roulade	rolled piece of meat, sponge, etc. With a filling.
Roulade	quick succession of notes, usu. Sung to one syllable.
Roulette	Gambling game in which a ball is dropped on to a revolving numbered wheel.
Round	shaped like a circle, sphere, or cylinder; convex; circular, curved, not angular.
Round	done with or involving circular motion.
Round	entire, continuous, complete
Round	candid, outspoken.
Round	(usu.
Round	expressed for brevity as a complete number
Round	Flowing, sonorous.
Round	round object or form.
Round	a revolving motion or course
Round	recurring series of activities, meetings, etc.
Round	a fixed route for deliveries
Round	route etc. For supervision or inspection
Round	drink etc. For each member of a group.
Round	a one bullet, shell, etc.
Round	act of firing this.
Round	a slice from a loaf of bread.
Round	sandwich made from two slices.
Round	joint of beef from the haunch.
Round	set, series, or sequence of actions in turn, esp.: a one spell of play in a game etc.
Round	one stage in a competition.
Round	golf playing of all the holes in a course once.
Round	song for unaccompanied voices overlapping at intervals.
Round	0 rung of a ladder.
Round	circumference or extent of
Round	with circular motion
Round brackets	pl. Brackets of the form
Round dance	Dance in which couples move in circles or dancers form one large circle.
Roundel	circular mark, esp. Identifying military aircraft.
Roundel	small disc, esp.
Roundel	medallion.
Roundelay	Short simple song with a refrain.
Rounder	(in
Rounder	; treated as sing.) Ball game in which players hit the ball and run through a round of bases.
Rounder	complete run as a unit of scoring in rounders.
Roundhead	Hist. Member of the parliamentary party in the english civil war.
Roundly	Bluntly, severely
Round robin	petition, esp. With signatures in a circle to conceal the order of writing.
Round robin	us tournament in which each competitor plays every other.
Round-shouldered	Having shoulders bent forward and a rounded back.
Roundsman	Tradesman's employee delivering goods.
Round table	international charitable association.
Round table	assembly for discussion, esp. At a conference (often
Round table	: round-table talks).
Round trip	Trip to one or more places and back again.
Round-up	systematic rounding up.
Round-up	summary or résumé.
Roundworm	Worm with a rounded body.
Rouse	wake.
Rouse	Stir up, make or become active or excited
Rouse	anger
Rouse	evoke
Rousing	Exciting, stirring
Roustabout	labourer on an oil rig.
Roustabout	unskilled or casual labourer.
Rout1	disorderly retreat of defeated troops
Rout1	overthrow, defeat.
Rout1	Put to flight, defeat.
Route	Way or course taken
Route	from one place to another.
Route	send, forward, or direct by a particular route.
Route march	Training-march for troops.
Routine	regular course or procedure, unvarying performance of certain acts.
Routine	set sequence in a dance, comedy act, etc.
Routine	computing sequence of instructions for a particular task.
Routine	performed as part of a routine
Routine	of a customary or standard kind.
Roux	mixture of fat and flour used in sauces etc.
Rove1	wander without settling; roam, ramble.
Rove1	look about.
Rover1	Wanderer.
Rover2	Pirate.
Roving eye	Tendency to infidelity.
Row1	line of persons or things.
Row1	line of seats across a theatre etc.
Row1	street with houses along one or each side.
Row1	forming a row.
Row1	In succession
Row2	Propel
Row2	with oars.
Row2	convey
Row2	thus.
Row2	spell of rowing.
Row2	trip in a rowing-boat.
Row3	loud noise or commotion.
Row3	fierce quarrel or dispute.
Row3	severe reprimand.
Row3	make or engage in a row.
Row3	reprimand.
Rowan	scot. &
Rowan	engl. Mountain ash.
Rowan	its scarlet berry.
Row-boat	Us
Rowdy	noisy and disorderly.
Rowdy	rowdy person.
Rowdy	Rowdiness
Rowdy	Rowdyism
Rowel	Spiked revolving disc at the end of a spur.
Rowing-boat	Small boat propelled by oars.
Rowlock	Device on a boat's side for holding an oar in place.
Royal	of, suited to, or worthy of a king or queen.
Royal	in the service or under the patronage of a king or queen.
Royal	of the family of a king or queen.
Royal	majestic, splendid.
Royal	exceptional, first-rate
Royal	Member of the royal family.
Royal blue	(as
Royal blue	Often hyphenated) deep vivid blue.
Royal british legion	National association of ex-members of the armed forces, founded in
Royal british legion	921.
Royal commission	Commission of inquiry appointed by the crown at the request of government.
Royal family	Family of a sovereign.
Royal flush	Straight poker flush headed by an ace.
Royal icing	Hard white icing for cakes.
Royalist	Supporter of monarchy, or hist. Of the royal side in the english civil war.
Royal jelly	Substance secreted by worker bees and fed by them to future queen bees.
Royal marine	British marine (see *marine
Royal navy	British navy.
Royalty	royal office, dignity, or power; being royal.
Royalty	a royal persons.
Royalty	member of a royal family.
Royalty	percentage of profit from a book, public performance, patent, etc. Paid to the author etc.
Royalty	a royal right
Royalty	granted by the sovereign.
Royalty	payment made by a producer of minerals etc. To the owner of the site etc.
Royal warrant	Warrant authorizing a tradesperson to supply goods to a specified royal person.
Royal ‘we’	Use of ‘we’ instead of ‘i’ by a single person.
Rp	Received pronunciation.
Rpi	Retail price index.
Rpm	Revolutions per minute.
Rpo	Royal philharmonic orchestra.
Rsa	royal society of arts.
Rsa	royal scottish academy; royal scottish academician.
Rsc	Royal shakespeare company.
Rsi	Repetitive strain injury.
Rsj	Rolled steel joist.
Rsm	Regimental sergeant-major.
Rspb	Royal society for the protection of birds.
Rspca	Royal society for the prevention of cruelty to animals.
Rsv	Revised standard version
Rsvp	Please answer.
Rt.	Right.
Rt. Hon.	Right honourable.
Rt. Revd.	Right reverend.
Ru	Rugby union.
Ru	Ruthenium.
Rub	move something, esp. One's hand, with firm pressure over the surface of.
Rub	apply
Rub	In this way.
Rub	clean, polish, chafe, or make dry, sore, or bare by rubbing.
Rub	apply
Rub	By rubbing.
Rub	move with contact or friction or slide
Rub	against each other.
Rub	Become frayed, worn, sore, or bare with friction.
Rub	act or spell of rubbing
Rub	impediment or difficulty
Rub	Cope or manage routinely. Rub down dry, smooth, or clean by rubbing. Rub it in
Rub	emphasize or repeat an embarrassing fact etc. Rub off
Rub	be transferred by contact, be transmitted
Rub	remove by rubbing. Rub out erase with a rubber. Rub shoulders with associate with. Rub up
Rub	polish.
Rub	brush up
Rub	. Rub up the wrong way irritate.
Rubato	temporary disregarding of strict tempo.
Rubber1	tough elastic substance made from the latex of plants or synthetically.
Rubber1	piece of this or a similar substance for erasing esp. Pencil marks.
Rubber1	Condom.
Rubber1	(in
Rubber1	) Us galoshes.
Rubber1	Rubberiness
Rubber2	Match of esp. Three successive games between the same sides or persons at whist, bridge, cricket, etc.
Rubber band	Loop of rubber for holding papers etc. Together.
Rubberize	treat or coat with rubber.
Rubberneck	Inquisitive person, esp.
Rubberneck	tourist or sightseer.
Rubberneck	Behave like a rubberneck.
Rubber plant	evergreen tropical plant often cultivated as a house-plant.
Rubber plant	tropical tree yielding latex.
Rubber stamp	device for inking and imprinting on a surface.
Rubber stamp	a person who mechanically copies or endorses others' actions.
Rubber stamp	indication of such endorsement.
Rubber stamp	approve automatically.
Rubbing	Impression or copy made by rubbing.
Rubbish	waste material; refuse, litter.
Rubbish	worthless material; trash.
Rubbish	(often as
Rubbish	) Nonsense.
Rubbish	Criticize contemptuously.
Rubble	Rough fragments of stone, brick, etc., esp. From a demolished building.
Rub-down	Rubbing down.
Rubella	Formal german measles.
Rubicon	Boundary; point from which there is no going back.
Rubicund	Ruddy, high-coloured.
Rubidium	Soft silvery metallic element.
Rubik's cube	Cube-shaped puzzle in which composite faces must be restored to single colours by rotation.
Rubric	heading or passage in red or special lettering.
Rubric	explanatory words.
Rubric	established custom or rule.
Rubric	direction for the conduct of divine service in a liturgical book.
Ruby	rare precious stone varying in colour from deep crimson to pale rose.
Ruby	deep red colour.
Ruby	Of this colour.
Ruby wedding	Fortieth wedding anniversary.
Ruc	Royal ulster constabulary.
Ruche	Frill or gathering of lace etc.
Ruck1	main body of competitors not likely to overtake the leaders.
Ruck1	undistinguished crowd or group.
Ruck1	rugby loose scrum.
Ruck2	make or become creased or wrinkled.
Ruck2	Crease or wrinkle.
Rucksack	Bag carried on the back, esp. By hikers.
Ruckus	Esp. Us informal row, commotion.
Ruction	disturbance or tumult.
Ruction	(in
Ruction	) Row, heated arguments.
Rudder	Flat piece hinged vertically to the stern of a ship or on the tailplane of an aircraft etc., for steering.
Ruddy	Freshly or healthily red.
Ruddy	reddish.
Ruddy	Bloody, damnable.
Ruddy	Ruddiness
Rude	impolite or offensive.
Rude	roughly made or done; crude
Rude	primitive or uneducated
Rude	abrupt, sudden, startling
Rude	Indecent, lewd
Rude	vigorous or hearty
Rude	Rudeness
Rudiment	(in
Rudiment	) Elements or first principles of a subject.
Rudiment	(in
Rudiment	) Imperfect beginning of something undeveloped or yet to develop.
Rudiment	vestigial or undeveloped part or organ.
Rue1	repent of; wish to be undone or non-existent
Rue2	Evergreen shrub with bitter strong-scented leaves.
Rueful	Genuinely or humorously sorrowful.
Rueful	Ruefulness
Ruff1	projecting starched frill worn round the neck, esp. In the
Ruff1	6th c.
Ruff1	projecting or coloured ring of feathers or hair round a bird's or animal's neck.
Ruff1	domestic pigeon.
Ruff1	wading bird with a ruff.
Ruff2	Trump at cards.
Ruff2	Trumping.
Ruffian	Violent lawless person.
Ruffle	a disturb the smoothness or tranquillity of.
Ruffle	undergo this.
Ruffle	gather
Ruffle	Into a ruffle.
Ruffle	erect
Ruffle	in anger, display, etc.
Ruffle	Frill of lace etc., esp. Round the wrist or neck.
Rufous	reddish-brown.
Rug	thick floor covering, usu. Smaller than a carpet.
Rug	thick woollen coverlet or wrap.
Rugby	team game played with an oval ball that may be kicked or carried.
Rugby league	Partly professional rugby with teams of
Rugby union	Amateur rugby with teams of
Rugged	rough, uneven.
Rugged	wrinkled, furrowed, irregular.
Rugged	a unpolished; lacking refinement
Rugged	harsh in sound.
Rugged	robust, hardy.
Rugged	Ruggedness
Rugger	Rugby.
Ruin	destroyed, wrecked, or spoiled state.
Ruin	downfall or elimination
Ruin	complete loss of one's property or position
Ruin	(in sing. Or
Ruin	) Remains of a building etc. That has suffered ruin.
Ruin	cause of ruin
Ruin	a bring to ruin
Ruin	spoil, damage.
Ruin	(esp. As ruined
Ruin	) Reduce to ruins.
Ruination	bringing to ruin.
Ruination	ruining or being ruined.
Ruinous	bringing ruin, disastrous
Ruinous	dilapidated.
Rule	compulsory principle governing action.
Rule	prevailing custom or standard; normal state of things.
Rule	government or dominion
Rule	graduated straight measure; ruler.
Rule	code of discipline of a religious order.
Rule	order made by a judge or court with reference to a particular case only.
Rule	printing thin line or dash.
Rule	dominate; keep under control.
Rule	have sovereign control of
Rule	pronounce authoritatively.
Rule	a make parallel lines across
Rule	make
Rule	with a ruler etc.
Rule of thumb	Rule based on experience or practice rather than theory.
Ruler	person exercising government or dominion.
Ruler	straight usu. Graduated strip of wood, metal, or plastic used to draw or measure.
Ruling	Authoritative pronouncement.
Rum1	Spirit distilled from sugar-cane or molasses.
Rum2	Odd, strange, queer.
Rumba	latin american ballroom dance orig. From cuba.
Rumba	music for this.
Rum baba	Sponge cake soaked in rum syrup.
Rumble	make a continuous deep resonant sound as of distant thunder.
Rumble	move with a rumbling noise.
Rumble	find out the esp. Discreditable truth about.
Rumble	Rumbling sound.
Rumbustious	Boisterous, noisy, uproarious.
Ruminant	Animal that chews the cud.
Ruminant	of ruminants.
Ruminant	meditative.
Ruminate	meditate, ponder.
Ruminate	chew the cud.
Ruminate	Ruminative
Rummage	search, esp. Unsystematically.
Rummage	find among other things.
Rummage	Rummaging.
Rummage sale	Esp. Us jumble sale.
Rummy	Card-game played usu. With two packs.
Rumor	general talk, assertion, or hearsay of doubtful accuracy
Rumor	report by way of rumour
Rumour	general talk, assertion, or hearsay of doubtful accuracy
Rumour	report by way of rumour
Rump	hind part of a mammal or bird, esp. The buttocks.
Rump	remnant of a parliament etc.
Rumple	crease, ruffle.
Rump steak	Cut of beef from the rump.
Rumpus	Disturbance, brawl, row, or uproar.
Run	(-nn-; past ran;
Run	Run)
Run	go with quick steps, never having both or all feet on the ground at once.
Run	flee, abscond.
Run	go or travel hurriedly or briefly
Run	a advance by or as by rolling or on wheels, or smoothly or easily.
Run	be in action or operation or go in a specified way
Run	be current or operative (lease runs for
Run	9 years).
Run	travel on its route
Run	Be staged or presented
Run	extend; have a course, order, or tendency
Run	Compete in
Run	finish a race in a specified position.
Run	seek election
Run	1 flow
Run	or be wet; drip
Run	2 a cause
Run	To flow.
Run	fill
Run	thus.
Run	3 spread rapidly
Run	4 traverse
Run	5 perform
Run	6 publish
Run	In a newspaper etc.
Run	7 direct or manage
Run	8 own and use
Run	regularly.
Run	9 transport in a private vehicle
Run	0 enter
Run	For a race.
Run	1 smuggle
Run	2 chase or hunt.
Run	3 allow
Run	to accumulate before paying.
Run	spread from the dyed parts.
Run	5 a
Run	Pass quickly
Run	pass
Run	quickly
Run	Ladder.
Run	exude liquid.
Run	running.
Run	short excursion.
Run	distance travelled.
Run	general tendency.
Run	regular route.
Run	continuous stretch, spell, or course
Run	high general demand
Run	quantity produced at one time
Run	average type or class
Run	0 point scored in cricket or baseball.
Run	free use of or access to
Run	2 a animal's regular track.
Run	enclosure for fowls etc.
Run	range of pasture.
Run	3 ladder in tights etc.
Run	Rapid scale passage.
Run	Diarrhoea.
Run	bustle, hurry.
Run	play freely. Run across happen to meet or find. Run after
Run	pursue at a run.
Run	pursue, esp. Sexually. Run along
Run	Depart. Run around
Run	take from place to place by car etc.
Run	engage in esp. Promiscuous sexual relations. Run away
Run	flee, abscond.
Run	mentally evade
Run	. Run away with
Run	carry off.
Run	win easily.
Run	deprive of self-control, carry away.
Run	consume
Run	bolt with
Run	leave home to have a relationship with
Run	. Run down
Run	knock down.
Run	reduce the numbers etc. Of.
Run	Stop.
Run	discover after a search.
Run	Disparage. Run dry
Run	cease to flow.
Run	= run out
Run	. Run for it seek safety by fleeing. Run
Run	for one's money
Run	vigorous or close competition.
Run	some return for outlay or effort. Run the gauntlet see *gauntlet2. Run high
Run	be strong. Run in
Run	run
Run	carefully when new.
Run	Arrest. Run in the family
Run	be common in a family. Run into
Run	collide with.
Run	encounter.
Run	reach as many as
Run	. Run into the ground
Runabout	Light car or aircraft.
Run-around	Deceit or evasion.
Runaway	fugitive.
Runaway	bolting animal, vehicle out of control.
Runaway	That is running away or out of control
Run-down	reduction in numbers.
Run-down	detailed analysis.
Run-down	decayed, dilapidated.
Run-down	exhausted
Rune	letter of the earliest germanic alphabet.
Rune	similar mark of mysterious or magic significance.
Rung1	step of a ladder.
Rung1	strengthening crosspiece in a chair etc.
Rung2	Of *ring2.
Run-in	approach to an action or event.
Run-in	Quarrel.
Runnel	brook.
Runnel	gutter.
Runner	person, horse, etc. That runs, esp. In a race.
Runner	creeping rooting plant-stem.
Runner	rod, groove, roller, or blade on which a thing, e.g.
Runner	sledge, slides.
Runner	sliding ring on a rod etc.
Runner	messenger.
Runner	twining bean plant with long flat green edible seed pods.
Runner	long narrow ornamental cloth or rug.
Runner	leave hastily; flee.
Runner-up	competitor or team taking second place.
Running	action of runners in a race etc.
Running	way a race etc. Proceeds.
Running	continuous
Running	consecutive
Running	done with a run
Running	go away.
Running-board	Footboard on either side of a vehicle.
Running commentary	Verbal description of an esp. Sporting event.
Running knot	Knot that slips along a rope etc. To allow tightening etc.
Running mate	candidate for vice-president etc.
Running mate	horse intended to set the pace for another horse in a race.
Running repairs	pl. Minor or temporary repairs etc.
Running sore	Suppurating sore; festering situation etc.
Running water	Flowing water, esp. On tap.
Runny	tending to run or flow.
Runny	excessively fluid.
Run-off	Additional election, race, etc., after a tie.
Run-of-the-mill	Ordinary, undistinguished.
Run-out	Dismissal of a batsman by being run out.
Runt	smallest pig etc. In a litter.
Runt	weakling; undersized person.
Run-through	rehearsal.
Run-through	brief survey.
Run-up	preparatory period.
Runway	Specially prepared surface for aircraft taking off and landing.
Rupee	Chief monetary unit of india, pakistan, etc.
Rupiah	Chief monetary unit of indonesia.
Rupture	breaking; breach.
Rupture	breach in a relationship; disagreement and parting.
Rupture	abdominal hernia.
Rupture	burst
Rupture	sever
Rupture	affect with or suffer a hernia.
Rural	In, of, or suggesting the country
Rural district	Hist. Group of country parishes with an elected council.
Ruse	Stratagem, trick.
Rush1	go, move, flow, or act precipitately or with great speed.
Rush1	move or transport with great haste
Rush1	a move suddenly towards.
Rush1	begin or attack impetuously.
Rush1	perform or deal with hurriedly
Rush1	force or induce
Rush1	to act hastily.
Rush1	attack or capture by sudden assault.
Rush1	overcharge
Rush1	a rushing; violent or speedy advance or attack.
Rush1	sudden flow, flood.
Rush1	period of great activity.
Rush1	Done with great haste or speed
Rush1	sudden migration of large numbers.
Rush1	sudden strong demand for a commodity.
Rush1	(in
Rush1	First uncut prints of a film.
Rush2	marsh plant with slender tapering pith-filled stems, used for making chair-bottoms, baskets, etc.
Rush2	stem of this.
Rush candle	Candle made of rush pith dipped in tallow.
Rush hour	(often hyphenated when
Rush hour	) Time
Rush hour	each day when traffic is heaviest.
Rushlight	Rush candle.
Rusk	Slice of bread rebaked as a light biscuit, esp. As baby food.
Russet	Reddish-brown.
Russet	russet colour.
Russet	rough-skinned russet-coloured apple.
Russian	a native or national of russia or
Russian	the former soviet union.
Russian	person of russian descent.
Russian	language of russia.
Russian	of russia or
Russian	the former soviet union or its people.
Russian	of or in russian.
Russian roulette	Firing of a revolver, with one chamber loaded, at one's head, after spinning the chamber.
Russian salad	Salad of mixed diced vegetables with mayonnaise.
Russo-	Form russian; russian and.
Rust	reddish corrosive coating formed on iron, steel, etc. By oxidation, esp. When wet.
Rust	fungal plant-disease with rust-coloured spots.
Rust	impaired state due to disuse or inactivity.
Rust	reddish-brown.
Rust	affect or be affected with rust.
Rust	become impaired through disuse.
Rustic	of or like country people or country life.
Rustic	unsophisticated.
Rustic	of rude or rough workmanship.
Rustic	made of untrimmed branches or rough timber
Rustic	archit. With a roughened or rough-hewn surface.
Rustic	Country person, peasant.
Rusticate	send down
Rusticate	temporarily from university.
Rusticate	retire to or live in the country.
Rusticate	make rustic.
Rustle	make a gentle sound as of dry blown leaves.
Rustle	Steal
Rustle	Rustling sound.
Rustle	Produce at short notice.
Rustle	(esp. In sense
Rustproof	Not susceptible to corrosion by rust.
Rustproof	Make rustproof.
Rusty	rusted or affected by rust.
Rusty	stiff with age or disuse.
Rusty	Impaired, esp. By neglect
Rusty	rust-coloured.
Rusty	discoloured by age.
Rut1	deep track made by the passage of wheels.
Rut1	established
Rut1	practice or routine
Rut1	mark with ruts.
Rut2	Periodic sexual excitement of a male deer etc.
Rut2	be affected with rut.
Ruthenium	Rare hard white metallic element from platinum ores.
Rutherfordium	Artificial metallic element.
Ruthless	Having no pity or compassion.
Ruthless	Ruthlessness
Rv	Revised version
Rye	a cereal plant.
Rye	grain of this used for bread and fodder.
Rye	whisky distilled from fermented rye.
Ryegrass	Forage or
Ryegrass	lawn grass.
S1	nineteenth letter of the alphabet.
S1	s-shaped thing.
S2	saint.
S2	south, southern.
S3	Sulphur.
S.	second
S.	hist. Shilling
S.	son.
-s'	denoting the possessive case of plural nouns and sometimes of singular nouns ending in s
'S	is; has
'S	us
-'s	denoting the possessive case of singular nouns and of plural nouns not ending in -s
Sa	salvation army.
Sa	south africa.
Sa	south australia.
Sabbath	Religious day of rest kept by christians on sunday and jews on saturday.
Sabbatical	granted at intervals to a university teacher for study or travel.
Sabbatical	Period of sabbatical leave.
Saber	curved cavalry sword.
Saber	light tapering fencing-sword.
Sable	small brown-furred mammal of
Sable	Europe and
Sable	Asia.
Sable	its skin or fur.
Sable	heraldry black.
Sable	esp. Poet. Gloomy.
Sabot	shoe carved from wood.
Sabot	wooden-soled shoe.
Sabotage	Deliberate damage to productive capacity, esp. As a political act.
Sabotage	commit sabotage on.
Sabotage	destroy, spoil.
Saboteur	Person who commits sabotage.
Sabre	curved cavalry sword.
Sabre	light tapering fencing-sword.
Sabre-rattling	Display or threat of military force.
Sac	Membranous bag in an animal or plant.
Saccharin	sugar substitute.
Saccharine	Excessively sentimental or sweet.
Sacerdotal	Of priests or priestly office.
Sachet	small bag or packet containing shampoo etc.
Sachet	small scented bag for perfuming drawers etc.
Sack1	a large strong bag for storage or conveyance.
Sack1	quantity contained in a sack.
Sack1	Dismissal from employment.
Sack1	bed.
Sack1	put into a sack or sacks.
Sack1	Dismiss from employment.
Sack2	Plunder and destroy
Sack2	Such sacking.
Sack3	Hist. White wine from spain and the canaries.
Sackbut	Early form of trombone.
Sackcloth	fabric of flax or hemp used for sacks.
Sackcloth	clothing for penance or mourning
Sacking	Material for making sacks; sackcloth.
Sacral	anat. Of the sacrum.
Sacral	of or for sacred rites.
Sacrament	symbolic christian ceremony, e.g. Baptism and eucharist.
Sacrament	eucharist.
Sacrament	sacred thing.
Sacred	dedicated to a god.
Sacred	connected with religion
Sacred	safeguarded or required esp. By tradition; inviolable.
Sacred cow	Traditionally hallowed idea or institution.
Sacrifice	a voluntary relinquishing of something valued.
Sacrifice	thing so relinquished.
Sacrifice	the loss entailed.
Sacrifice	a slaughter of an animal or person or surrender of a possession, as an offering to a deity.
Sacrifice	animal, person, or thing so offered.
Sacrifice	give up
Sacrifice	as a sacrifice.
Sacrifice	devote or give over to.
Sacrifice	Offer or kill as a sacrifice.
Sacrilege	Violation of what is regarded as sacred.
Sacristan	Person in charge of a sacristy and church contents.
Sacristy	room in a church where vestments, sacred vessels, etc., are kept.
Sacrosanct	Most sacred; inviolable.
Sacrum	triangular bone between the two hip-bones.
Sad	unhappy.
Sad	causing sorrow.
Sad	regrettable.
Sad	shameful, deplorable.
Sad	Sadly
Sad	Sadness
Saddle	seat of leather etc. Strapped on a horse etc. For riding.
Saddle	bicycle etc. Seat.
Saddle	joint of meat consisting of the two loins.
Saddle	ridge rising to a summit at each end.
Saddle	put a saddle on
Saddle	burden
Saddle	with a task etc.
Saddle	mounted.
Saddle	in office or control.
Saddleback	roof of a tower with two opposite gables.
Saddleback	hill with a concave upper outline.
Saddleback	black pig with a white stripe across the back.
Saddle-bag	each of a pair of bags laid across the back of a horse etc.
Saddle-bag	bag attached to a bicycle saddle etc.
Saddler	Maker of or dealer in saddles etc.
Saddlery	saddler's goods, trade, or premises.
Sadducee	Member of a jewish sect of the time of christ that denied the resurrection of the dead.
Sadhu	holy man, sage, or ascetic.
Sadism	Enjoyment of cruelty to others.
Sadism	sexual perversion characterized by this.
Sadism	Sadistic
Sadism	Sadistically
Sado-masochism	Sadism and masochism in one person.
Sado-masochism	Sado-masochistic
S.a.e.	Stamped addressed envelope.
Safari	expedition, esp. In africa, to observe or hunt animals
Safari park	Park where wild animals are kept in the open for viewing from vehicles.
Safe	free of danger or injury.
Safe	secure, not risky
Safe	reliable, certain.
Safe	prevented from escaping or doing harm
Safe	uninjured; with no harm done.
Safe	cautious, unenterprising.
Safe	strong lockable cabinet etc. For valuables.
Safe conduct	immunity given from arrest or harm.
Safe conduct	document securing this.
Safe deposit	Building containing strongrooms and safes for hire.
Safeguard	Protecting proviso, circumstance, etc.
Safeguard	Guard or protect
Safe house	Place of refuge etc. For spies, terrorists, etc.
Safe keeping	Preservation in a safe place.
Safe period	Time during the month when conception is least likely.
Safe sex	Sexual activity in which precautions are taken against sexually transmitted diseases, esp. Aids.
Safety	Being safe; freedom from danger or risk.
Safety-belt	belt or strap worn to prevent injury.
Safety-catch	Device preventing a gun-trigger or machinery from being operated accidentally.
Safety curtain	Fireproof curtain between a stage and auditorium.
Safety lamp	Miner's lamp so protected as not to ignite firedamp.
Safety match	Match igniting only on a specially prepared surface.
Safety net	Net placed to catch an acrobat etc. In case of a fall.
Safety pin	Pin with a guarded point.
Safety razor	Razor with a guard to prevent cutting the skin.
Safety-valve	automatic valve relieving excess pressure.
Safety-valve	means of venting excitement etc. Harmlessly.
saffron	deep yellow food colouring and flavouring made from dried crocus stigmas.
saffron	colour of this.
saffron	Deep yellow.
Sag	sink or subside, esp. Unevenly.
Sag	have a downward bulge or curve in the middle.
Sag	fall in price.
Sag	State or extent of sagging.
Saga	long heroic story, esp. Medieval icelandic or norwegian.
Saga	series of connected novels concerning a family's history etc.
Saga	long involved story.
Sagacious	Showing insight or good judgement.
Sage1	Culinary herb with dull greyish-green leaves.
Sage2	Often iron. Wise man.
Sage2	Wise, judicious, experienced.
Sagebrush	Growth of shrubby aromatic plants in some semi-arid regions of western
Sagebrush	America.
Sagittarius	constellation and ninth sign of the zodiac
Sagittarius	person born when the sun is in this sign.
Sago	a starch used in puddings etc.
Sago	any of several tropical palms and cycads yielding this.
Sahib	Hist.
Sahib	form of address to european man.
Sail	piece of material extended on rigging to catch the wind and propel a boat or ship.
Sail	ship's sails collectively.
Sail	voyage or excursion in a sailing-boat.
Sail	ship, esp. As discerned from its sails.
Sail	wind-catching apparatus of a windmill.
Sail	travel on water by the use of sails or engine-power.
Sail	begin a voyage
Sail	a navigate
Sail	travel on
Sail	set
Sail	afloat.
Sail	glide or move smoothly or in a stately manner.
Sail	Succeed easily
Sail	sail as nearly against the wind as possible.
Sail	come close to indecency or dishonesty. Sail into
Sail	Attack physically or verbally. Under sail with sails set.
Sailboard	Board with a mast and sail, used in windsurfing.
Sailboard	Sailboarding
Sailcloth	material used for sails.
Sailcloth	canvas-like dress material.
Sailing-boat	vessel driven by sails.
Sailor	member of a ship's crew, esp. One below the rank of officer.
Sailor	person considered with regard to seasickness
Sailplane	Glider designed for sustained flight.
Sainfoin	Pink-flowered fodder-plant.
Saint	(abbr. St or s;
Saint	Sts or ss)
Saint	holy or
Saint	formally canonized person regarded as worthy of special veneration.
Saint	very virtuous person.
Saint	(as sainted
Saint	) Saintly.
Saint	Saintlike
St bernard	very large dog of a breed orig. Kept in the alps to rescue travellers.
St john's wort	Yellow-flowered plant.
St leger	Horse-race at doncaster for three-year-olds.
Saintly	very holy or virtuous.
St vitus's dance	Disease producing involuntary convulsive movements of the body.
Sake2	Japanese rice wine.
Salaam	peace!
Salaam	muslim low bow with the right palm on the forehead.
Salaam	(in
Salaam	) Respectful compliments.
Salaam	Make a salaam
Salacious	indecently erotic.
Salacious	lecherous.
Salacious	Salacity
Salad	Cold mixture of usu. Raw vegetables, often with a dressing.
Salad cream	Creamy salad-dressing.
Salad days	Period of youthful inexperience.
Salamander	tailed newtlike amphibian once thought able to endure fire.
Salamander	similar mythical creature.
Salami	highly-seasoned orig. Italian sausage.
Sal ammoniac	Ammonium chloride, a white crystalline salt.
Salary	fixed regular wages, usu. Monthly or quarterly, esp. For white-collar work.
Salary	(usu. As salaried
Salary	) Pay a salary to.
Sale	exchange of a commodity for money etc.; act or instance of selling.
Sale	amount sold
Sale	temporary offering of goods at reduced prices.
Sale	a event at which goods are sold.
Sale	public auction.
Saleable	Fit or likely to be sold.
Sale of work	Sale of home-made goods etc. For charity.
Sale or return	Arrangement by which a purchaser may return surplus goods to the supplier without payment.
Saleroom	Room where auctions are held.
Salesman	man employed to sell goods.
Salesman	us commercial traveller.
Salesmanship	Skill in selling.
Salesperson	Salesman or saleswoman.
Sales talk	Persuasive talk promoting goods or an idea etc.
Saleswoman	Woman employed to sell goods.
Salicylic acid	Chemical used as a fungicide and in aspirin and dyes.
Salient	prominent, conspicuous.
Salient	pointing outwards.
Salient	Salient angle or part of a fortification; outward bulge in a military line.
Saline	containing salt or salts.
Saline	tasting of salt.
Saline	of chemical salts.
Saline	of the nature of a salt.
Saline	salt lake, spring, etc.
Saline	saline solution.
Saline	Salinization
Saliva	Colourless liquid secreted into the mouth by glands.
Salivate	secrete saliva, esp. In excess.
Sallow1	yellowish.
Sallow2	low-growing willow.
Sallow2	a shoot or the wood of this.
Sally	sudden military charge; sortie.
Sally	excursion.
Sally	witticism.
Sally	set out on a walk, journey, etc.
Sally	make a military sally.
Salmon	large expensive edible fish with orange-pink flesh.
Salmon	Salmon-pink.
Salmonella	bacterium causing food poisoning.
Salmonella	such food poisoning.
Salmon pink	(as
Salmon pink	Often hyphenated) orange-pink colour of salmon flesh.
Salmon trout	Large silver-coloured trout.
Salon	room or establishment of a hairdresser, beautician, etc.
Salon	hist. Meeting of eminent people in the home of a lady of fashion.
Salon	reception room, esp. Of a continental house.
Saloon	a large room or hall on a ship, in a hotel, etc.
Saloon	public room for a specified purpose
Saloon	car with the body closed off from the luggage area.
Saloon	us drinking-bar.
Saloon	more comfortable bar in a public house.
Salsa	kind of dance music of cuban origin, with jazz and rock elements.
Salsify	plant with long fleshy edible roots.
Salt	Strategic arms limitation talks
Salt	sodium chloride, esp. Mined or evaporated from sea water, and used for seasoning or preserving food.
Salt	chemical compound formed from the reaction of an acid with a base.
Salt	piquancy; wit.
Salt	(in sing. Or
Salt	substance resembling salt in taste, form, etc.
Salt	(esp. In
Salt	) Substance used as a laxative.
Salt	experienced sailor.
Salt	Containing, tasting of, or preserved with salt.
Salt	cure, preserve, or season with salt or brine.
Salt	sprinkle
Salt	With salt.
Salt	put
Salt	By. The salt of the earth most admirable or honest person or people (matt.
Salt	:13). Take with a pinch
Salt	of salt regard sceptically. Worth one's salt efficient, capable.
Salt-cellar	Container for salt at table.
Salting	(esp. In
Salting	) Marsh overflowed by the sea.
Saltire	X-shaped cross dividing a shield in four.
Salt-lick	Place where animals lick salt from the ground.
Salt-mine	Mine yielding rock-salt.
Salt-pan	Vessel, or depression near the sea, used for getting salt by evaporation.
Saltpeter	white crystalline salty substance used in preserving meat and in gunpowder.
Saltpetre	white crystalline salty substance used in preserving meat and in gunpowder.
Salt-water	Of or living in the sea.
Salty	tasting of or containing salt.
Salty	Piquant.
Salubrious	Health-giving; healthy.
Saluki	dog of a tall slender silky-coated breed.
Salutary	Having a good effect.
Salutation	Formal sign or expression of greeting.
Salute	gesture of respect, homage, greeting etc.
Salute	mil. &
Salute	Prescribed gesture or use of weapons or flags as a sign of respect etc.
Salute	ceremonial discharge of a gun or guns.
Salute	a make a salute to.
Salute	perform a salute.
Salute	greet.
Salute	commend.
Salvage	rescue of property from the sea, a fire, etc.
Salvage	property etc. So saved.
Salvage	a saving and use of waste materials.
Salvage	materials salvaged.
Salvage	save from a wreck etc.
Salvage	retrieve from a disaster etc.
Salvation	saving or being saved.
Salvation	deliverance from sin and damnation.
Salvation	religious conversion.
Salvation	person or thing that saves.
Salvation army	Worldwide evangelical christian quasi-military organization helping the poor.
Salve1	healing ointment.
Salve1	thing that soothes or consoles.
Salve1	soothe.
Salve2	save from wreck or fire etc.
Salver	Tray, esp. Silver, for drinks, letters, etc.
Salvia	Garden plant of the sage family with red or blue flowers.
Salvo	simultaneous discharge of guns etc.
Salvo	round of applause.
Sal volatile	Solution of ammonium carbonate used as smelling-salts.
Sam	Surface-to-air missile.
Samaritan	charitable or helpful person (luke
Samaritan	0:33 etc.).
Samaritan	member of a counselling organization.
Samarium	Metallic element of the lanthanide series.
Samba	ballroom dance of brazilian origin.
Samba	music for this.
Samba	dance the samba.
Same	identical; not different
Same	unvarying
Same	just mentioned
Same	the same person or thing.
Same	law or
Same	the person or thing just mentioned.
Same	similarly; in the same way
Same	nevertheless.
Same	emphatically the same. At the same time
Same	simultaneously.
Same	notwithstanding. Be all
Same	the same to make no difference to. Same here
Same	The same applies to me.
Samizdat	Clandestine publication of banned literature.
Samosa	Fried triangular pastry containing spiced vegetables or meat.
Samovar	Russian tea-urn.
Samoyed	member of a people of northern siberia.
Samoyed	dog of a white arctic breed.
Sampan	Small boat used in the far east.
Samphire	Edible maritime rock-plant.
Sample	small representative part or quantity.
Sample	specimen.
Sample	illustrative or typical example.
Sample	take or give samples of.
Sample	try the qualities of.
Sample	experience briefly.
Sampler1	Piece of embroidery using various stitches as a specimen of proficiency.
Sampler2	person or thing that samples.
Sampler2	us collection of representative items etc.
Sampling	Technique of digitally encoding a piece of sound and re-using it as part of a composition or recording.
Samson	Person of great strength.
Samurai	japanese army officer.
Samurai	hist. Member of a japanese military caste.
Sanatorium	residential clinic, esp. For convalescents and the chronically sick.
Sanatorium	room etc. For sick people in a school etc.
Sanctify	consecrate; treat as holy.
Sanctify	free from sin.
Sanctify	justify; sanction.
Sanctimonious	Ostentatiously pious.
Sanctimonious	Sanctimoniousness
Sanctimonious	Sanctimony
Sanction	approval by custom or tradition; express permission.
Sanction	confirmation of a law etc.
Sanction	penalty for disobeying a law or rule, or a reward for obeying it.
Sanction	ethics moral force encouraging obedience to any rule of conduct.
Sanction	(esp. In
Sanction	action by a state against another to abide by an international agreement etc.
Sanction	authorize or agree to
Sanction	ratify; make
Sanction	Binding.
Sanctity	Holiness, sacredness; inviolability.
Sanctuary	holy place.
Sanctuary	a holiest part of a temple etc.
Sanctuary	chancel.
Sanctuary	place where birds, wild animals, etc., are bred and protected.
Sanctuary	place of refuge.
Sanctum	holy place.
Sanctum	Study, den.
Sand	fine loose grains resulting from the erosion of esp. Siliceous rocks and forming the seashore, deserts, etc.
Sand	(in
Sand	grains of sand.
Sand	expanse of sand.
Sand	sandbank.
Sand	Smooth with sandpaper or sand.
Sandal1	Shoe with an openwork upper or no upper, usu. Fastened by straps.
Sandal-tree	Tree yielding sandalwood.
Sandalwood	scented wood of a sandal-tree.
Sandalwood	perfume from this.
Sandbag	Bag filled with sand, used for temporary defences etc.
Sandbag	defend or hit with sandbag
Sandbank	Sand forming a shallow place in the sea or a river.
Sandblast	Roughen, treat, or clean with a jet of sand driven by compressed air or steam.
Sandblast	This jet.
Sandcastle	Model castle made of sand at the seashore.
Sander	Power tool for sanding.
Sandman	Imaginary person causing tiredness in children.
Sand-martin	Bird nesting in sandy banks.
Sandpaper	Paper with an abrasive coating for smoothing or polishing.
Sandpaper	Rub with this.
Sandpiper	Wading bird frequenting wet sandy areas.
Sandpit	Pit containing sand, for children to play in.
Sandstone	Sedimentary rock of compressed sand.
Sandstorm	Storm with clouds of sand raised by the wind.
Sandwich	two or more slices of bread with a filling.
Sandwich	layered cake with jam or cream.
Sandwich	put
Sandwich	Between two of another character.
Sandwich	squeeze in between others
Sandwich-board	Each of two boards worn front and back to carry advertisements.
Sandwich course	Course with alternate periods of study and work experience.
Sandy	having much sand.
Sandy	reddish.
Sandy	sand-coloured.
Sane	of sound mind; not mad.
Sane	Moderate, sensible.
Sang-froid	Calmness in danger or difficulty.
Sangria	Spanish drink of red wine with lemonade, fruit, etc.
Sanguinary	bloody.
Sanguinary	bloodthirsty.
Sanguine	optimistic, confident.
Sanguine	florid, ruddy.
Sanhedrin	Highest court of justice and the supreme council in ancient jerusalem.
Sanitarium	us
Sanitary	Affecting health.
Sanitary	hygienic.
Sanitary towel	absorbent pad used during menstruation.
Sanitation	sanitary conditions.
Sanitation	maintenance etc. Of these.
Sanitation	disposal of sewage and refuse etc.
Sanitize	make sanitary; disinfect.
Sanitize	Censor
Sanitize	To make it more acceptable.
Sanity	being sane.
Sanity	moderation.
Sansculotte	extreme republican.
Sanserif	form of type without serifs.
Sanskrit	Ancient and sacred language of the hindus in india.
Sanskrit	Of or in this language.
Santa claus	Person said to bring children presents on christmas eve.
Sap1	vital juice circulating in plants.
Sap1	vigour, vitality.
Sap1	foolish person.
Sap1	drain or dry
Sap1	of sap.
Sap1	weaken.
Sap2	Tunnel or trench dug to get nearer to the enemy.
Sap2	dig saps.
Sap2	undermine.
Sapient	Literary
Sapient	wise.
Sapient	aping wisdom.
Sapling	Young tree.
Sapper	person who digs saps.
Sapper	soldier of the royal engineers
Sapphic	of sappho or her poetry.
Sapphic	lesbian.
Sapphire	transparent blue precious stone.
Sapphire	its bright blue colour.
Sapphire	bright blue.
Sappy	full of sap.
Sappy	young and vigorous.
Saprophyte	Plant or micro-organism living on dead or decayed organic matter.
Saraband	slow stately spanish dance.
Saraband	music for this.
Saracen	Hist. Arab or muslim at the time of the crusades.
Sarcasm	Ironically scornful language.
Sarcasm	Sarcastically
Sarcoma	malignant tumour of connective tissue.
Sarcophagus	stone coffin.
Sardine	young pilchard etc. Sold in closely packed tins.
Sardonic	Bitterly mocking or cynical.
Sardonyx	Onyx in which white layers alternate with yellow or orange ones.
Sargasso	seaweed with berry-like air-vessels.
Sarge	sergeant.
Sari	length of cloth draped round the body, traditionally worn by women of the indian subcontinent.
Sarky	sarcastic.
Sarnie	Sandwich.
Sarong	Malay and javanese garment of a long strip of cloth tucked round the waist or under the armpits.
Sarsaparilla	preparation of the dried roots of various plants, esp. Smilax, used to flavour some drinks and medicines and formerly as a tonic.
Sarsaparilla	plant yielding this.
Sarsen	Sandstone boulder carried by ice during a glacial period.
Sarsenet	Soft silk material used esp. For linings.
Sartorial	Of men's clothes or tailoring.
Sas	Special air service.
Sash1	Strip or loop of cloth etc. Worn over one shoulder or round the waist.
Sash2	Frame holding the glass in a sash-window.
Sashay	Esp. Us
Sashay	Walk or move ostentatiously, casually, or diagonally.
Sash-cord	Strong cord attaching the sash-weights to a window sash.
Sash-weight	Weight attached to each end of a window sash.
Sash-window	Window sliding up and down in grooves.
Sassafras	small
Sassafras	American tree.
Sassafras	medicinal preparation from its leaves or bark.
Sassenach	Scot.
Sassenach	ir. Usu. Derog. English person.
Sassy	esp. Us
Sassy	Impudent, cheeky.
Sat	Standard assessment task.
Sat.	Saturday.
Satan	The devil; lucifer.
Satanic	Of or like satan; hellish; evil.
Satanism	worship of satan.
Satanism	pursuit of evil.
Satchel	Small shoulder-bag for carrying school-books etc.
Sate	formal gratify fully; surfeit.
Sateen	Glossy cotton fabric like satin.
Satellite	celestial or artificial body orbiting the earth or another planet.
Satellite	small country controlled by another.
Satellite	Transmitted by satellite
Satellite dish	Dish-shaped aerial for receiving satellite television.
Satiate	Satiation
Satiety	Formal being sated.
Satin	Silk etc. Fabric glossy on one side.
Satin	Smooth as satin.
Satinwood	kind of yellow glossy timber.
Satire	ridicule, irony, etc., used to expose folly or vice etc.
Satire	work using this.
Satire	Satirically
Satirist	writer of satires.
Satirist	satirical person.
Satirize	attack or describe with satire.
Satisfaction	satisfying or being satisfied
Satisfaction	thing that satisfies
Satisfaction	atonement; compensation
Satisfactory	Adequate; giving satisfaction.
Satisfy	a meet the expectations or desires of.
Satisfy	be adequate.
Satisfy	meet
Satisfy	rid
Satisfy	of such an appetite or want.
Satisfy	pay
Satisfy	adequately fulfil or comply with
Satisfy	convince, esp. With proof etc.
Satrap	provincial governor in the ancient persian empire.
Satrap	subordinate ruler.
Satsuma	Variety of tangerine.
Saturate	fill with moisture.
Saturate	fill to capacity.
Saturate	cause
Saturate	To absorb, hold, etc. As much as possible of another substance etc.
Saturate	supply
Saturate	beyond demand.
Saturate	(as saturated
Saturate	containing the greatest number of hydrogen atoms.
Saturation	Saturating or being saturated.
Saturation point	Stage beyond which no more can be absorbed or accepted.
Saturday	Day of the week following friday.
Saturday	on saturday.
Saturday	on saturdays; each saturday.
Saturnalia	rom. Hist. Festival of saturn in december, the predecessor of christmas.
Saturnalia	(as sing. Or
Saturnalia	) Scene of wild revelry.
Saturnine	Of gloomy temperament or appearance.
Satyr	woodland god with some horselike or goatlike features.
Satyr	lecherous man.
Sauce	liquid or viscous accompaniment to a dish.
Sauce	something adding piquancy or excitement.
Sauce	Impudence, impertinence, cheek.
Sauce	Be impudent to; cheek.
Sauce-boat	Jug or dish for serving sauces etc.
Saucepan	Cooking pan, usu. Round with a lid and a projecting handle, used on a hob.
Saucer	shallow circular dish for standing a cup on.
Saucer	thing of this shape.
Saucy	impudent, cheeky.
Saucy	Sauciness
Sauerkraut	German dish of pickled cabbage.
Sauna	period spent in a special room heated very hot, to clean the body.
Sauna	such a room.
Saunter	Walk slowly; stroll.
Saunter	Leisurely walk.
Saurian	Of or like a lizard.
Sausage	a seasoned minced meat etc. In a cylindrical edible skin.
Sausage	piece of this.
Sausage	sausage-shaped object.
Sausage	Nothing at all.
Sausage meat	Minced meat used in sausages etc.
Sausage roll	Sausage meat in a pastry roll.
Sauté	fried quickly in a little fat.
Sauté	Food so cooked.
Sauté	cook in this way.
Sauternes	Sweet white wine from sauternes in the bordeaux region of france.
Savage	fierce; cruel.
Savage	wild; primitive.
Savage	derog. Member of a primitive tribe.
Savage	cruel or barbarous person.
Savage	attack and maul.
Savage	attack verbally.
Savage	Savagery
Savannah	grassy plain in tropical and subtropical regions.
Savant	learned person.
Save1	rescue or keep from danger, harm, etc.
Save1	keep
Save1	for future use.
Save1	Relieve
Save1	from spending
Save1	; prevent exposure to
Save1	obviate the need for.
Save1	preserve from damnation; convert.
Save1	a avoid losing
Save1	prevent
Save1	From being scored.
Save1	Football etc. Prevention of a goal etc.
Save2	or poet.
Save2	Except; but.
Save2	except; but.
Save-as-you-earn	Saving by regular deduction from earnings at source.
Saveloy	Seasoned dried smoked sausage.
Saver	person who saves esp. Money.
Saver	(often in
Saver	) Thing that saves
Saver	cheap
Saver	fare.
Saving	(often in
Saving	) Making economical use of
Saving	anything that is saved.
Saving	an economy
Saving	(usu. In
Saving	) Money saved.
Saving	act of preserving or rescuing.
Saving	except.
Saving	without offence to
Saving grace	Redeeming quality.
Savings bank	Bank paying interest on small deposits.
Savings certificate	Interest-bearing government certificate issued to savers.
Savior	person who saves from danger etc.
Savior	christ.
Saviour	person who saves from danger etc.
Saviour	christ.
Savoir faire	Ability to behave appropriately; tact.
Savor	characteristic taste, flavour, etc.
Savor	hint of a different quality etc. In something.
Savor	appreciate and enjoy
Savor	imply or suggest
Savory	having an appetizing taste or smell.
Savory	salty or piquant, not sweet.
Savory	pleasant; acceptable.
Savory	savoury dish.
Savour	characteristic taste, flavour, etc.
Savour	hint of a different quality etc. In something.
Savour	appreciate and enjoy
Savour	imply or suggest
Savoury	having an appetizing taste or smell.
Savoury	salty or piquant, not sweet.
Savoury	pleasant; acceptable.
Savoury	savoury dish.
Savoy	Cabbage with wrinkled leaves.
Savvy	know.
Savvy	Knowingness; understanding.
Savvy	us knowing; wise.
Saw1	hand tool with a toothed blade used to cut esp. Wood with a to-and-fro movement.
Saw1	power tool with a toothed rotating disk or moving band, for cutting.
Saw1	cut
Saw1	Or make
Saw1	With a saw.
Saw1	use a saw.
Saw1	a move with a sawing motion
Saw1	divide
Saw1	With gesticulations.
Saw3	Proverb; maxim.
Sawdust	Powdery wood particles produced in sawing.
Sawfish	large marine fish with a toothed flat snout.
Sawmill	Factory for sawing planks.
Sawn	Of *saw1.
Sawn-off	with part of the barrel sawn off.
Sawtooth	serrated.
Sawyer	Person who saws timber, esp. For a living.
Sax	Saxophone.
Saxe	(in full saxe blue; as
Saxe	Often hyphenated) light greyish-blue colour.
Saxifrage	Rock-plant with small white, yellow, or red flowers.
Saxon	hist.
Saxon	member of the germanic people that conquered parts of england in
Saxon	th–6th c.
Saxon	language of the saxons.
Saxon	hist. Of the saxons.
Saxophone	Metal woodwind reed instrument used esp. In jazz.
Say	(3rd sing. Present says; past and
Say	Said)
Say	a utter
Say	; remark.
Say	express
Say	a state; promise or prophesy.
Say	have specified wording; indicate
Say	Be asserted
Say	Tell to do
Say	convey
Say	offer as an argument or excuse
Say	Give an opinion or decision as to
Say	take as an example or as near enough
Say	recite or repeat
Say	0 convey
Say	law or joc. The previously mentioned.
Say	opportunity to express a view
Say	share in a decision
Say	Yes indeed. I say! Exclamation of surprise etc. Or drawing attention. That is to say in other words, more explicitly.
Saye	Save-as-you-earn.
Saying	Maxim, proverb, etc.
Say-so	power of decision.
Say-so	mere assertion
Sb	Antimony.
S-bend	s-shaped bend in a road or pipe.
Sc	Scandium.
Sc.	Scilicet.
S.c.	Small capitals.
Scab	crust over a healing cut, sore, etc.
Scab	(often
Scab	Derog. Blackleg.
Scab	skin disease, esp. In animals.
Scab	fungous plant disease.
Scab	Derog. Act as a blackleg.
Scab	form a scab, heal over.
Scabbard	Hist. Sheath of a sword etc.
Scabies	Contagious skin disease causing itching.
Scabious	Plant with esp. Blue pincushion-shaped flowers.
Scabrous	rough, scaly.
Scabrous	indecent, salacious.
Scaffold	hist. Platform for the execution of criminals.
Scaffolding	a temporary structure of poles, planks, etc., for building work.
Scaffolding	materials for this.
Scaffolding	any temporary framework.
Scald	burn
Scald	With hot liquid or steam.
Scald	heat
Scald	to near boiling point.
Scald	clean with boiling water.
Scald	Burn etc. Caused by scalding.
Scale1	each of the thin horny plates protecting the skin of fish and reptiles.
Scale1	something resembling this.
Scale1	white deposit formed in a kettle etc. By hard water.
Scale1	tartar formed on teeth.
Scale1	remove scale
Scale1	from.
Scale1	form or come off in scales.
Scale2	a (often in
Scale2	) Weighing machine.
Scale2	each of the dishes on a simple balance.
Scale2	zodiacal sign or constellation libra.
Scale2	be the decisive factor.
Scale2	weigh.
Scale3	graded classification system
Scale3	a (often
Scale3	) Ratio of reduction or enlargement in a map, model, picture, etc.
Scale3	relative dimensions.
Scale3	Set of notes at fixed intervals, arranged in order of pitch.
Scale3	a set of marks on a line used in measuring etc.
Scale3	rule determining the distances between these.
Scale3	rod etc. On which these are marked.
Scale3	a climb
Scale3	climb
Scale3	represent proportionally; reduce to a common scale.
Scalene	having unequal sides.
Scallion	Esp. Us shallot; spring onion etc.
Scallop	edible mollusc with two fan-shaped ridged shells.
Scallop	single shell of a scallop, often used for cooking or serving food in.
Scallop	(in
Scallop	) Ornamental edging of semicircular curves.
Scallop	ornament with scallops.
Scallop	(in sense
Scallywag	scamp, rascal.
Scalp	skin on the head, with the hair etc. Attached.
Scalp	hist. This cut off as a trophy by an american indian.
Scalp	hist. Take the scalp of
Scalp	Resell
Scalp	At a high or quick profit.
Scalpel	Surgeon's small sharp knife.
Scam	trick, fraud.
Scamp	Rascal; rogue.
Scamper	Run and skip.
Scamper	Act of scampering.
Scampi	pl. Large prawns.
Scan	look at intently or quickly.
Scan	Be metrically correct.
Scan	a examine
Scan	To detect radioactivity etc.
Scan	traverse
Scan	with a radar etc. Beam.
Scan	resolve
Scan	into its elements of light and shade for esp. Television transmission.
Scan	analyse the metrical structure of
Scan	obtain an image of
Scan	using a scanner.
Scan	scanning.
Scan	image obtained by scanning.
Scandal	cause of public outrage.
Scandal	outrage etc. So caused.
Scandal	malicious gossip.
Scandal	Scandalously
Scandalize	offend morally; shock.
Scandalmonger	Person who habitually spreads scandal.
Scandinavian	a native or inhabitant of scandinavia
Scandinavian	person of scandinavian descent.
Scandinavian	family of languages of scandinavia.
Scandinavian	Of scandinavia.
Scandium	Metallic element occurring naturally in lanthanide ores.
Scanner	device for scanning or systematically examining all the parts of something.
Scanner	machine for measuring radiation, ultrasound reflections, etc., from the body as a diagnostic aid.
Scansion	Metrical scanning of verse.
Scant	Barely sufficient; deficient.
Scanty	of small extent or amount.
Scanty	barely sufficient.
Scanty	Scantiness
Scapegoat	Person blamed for others' shortcomings (with ref. To lev.
Scapegoat	6).
Scapula	shoulder-blade.
Scapular	Of the shoulder or shoulder-blade.
Scapular	Short monastic cloak.
Scar1	usu. Permanent mark on the skin from a wound etc.
Scar1	emotional damage from grief etc.
Scar1	sign of damage.
Scar1	mark left on a plant by the loss of a leaf etc.
Scar1	(esp. As scarred
Scar1	) Mark with a scar or scars
Scar1	form a scar.
Scar2	steep craggy outcrop of a mountain or cliff.
Scarab	a sacred dung-beetle of ancient egypt.
Scarab	a kind of beetle.
Scarab	ancient egyptian gem cut in the form of a beetle.
Scarce	(usu.
Scarce	In short supply.
Scarce	rare.
Scarce	or literary scarcely.
Scarce	Keep out of the way; surreptitiously disappear.
Scarcely	hardly, only just
Scarcely	surely not
Scarcely	esp. Iron. Not
Scarcity	lack or shortage, esp. Of food.
Scare	frighten, esp. Suddenly.
Scare	(as scared
Scare	Frightened; terrified.
Scare	Drive away by frightening.
Scare	become scared
Scare	sudden attack of fright.
Scare	alarm caused by rumour etc.
Scarecrow	human figure dressed in old clothes and set up in a field to scare birds away.
Scarecrow	Badly-dressed, grotesque-looking, or very thin person.
Scaremonger	Person who spreads alarming rumours.
Scarf1	piece of material worn esp. Round the neck or over the head, for warmth or ornament.
Scarf2	Join the ends of
Scarf2	By bevelling or notching them to fit and then bolting them etc.
Scarf2	joint made by scarfing.
Scarify1	a make slight incisions in.
Scarify1	cut off skin from.
Scarify1	hurt by severe criticism etc.
Scarify1	loosen
Scarify2	Scare.
Scarlet	Of brilliant red tinged with orange.
Scarlet	scarlet colour or pigment.
Scarlet	scarlet clothes or material
Scarlet fever	Infectious bacterial fever with a scarlet rash.
Scarlet pimpernel	Wild plant with small esp. Scarlet flowers.
Scarlet woman	Derog. Promiscuous woman, prostitute.
Scarp	Steep slope, esp. The inner side of a ditch in a fortification.
Scarp	Make perpendicular or steep.
Scarper	run away, escape.
Scarves	Of *scarf1.
Scary	Frightening.
Scat1	Depart quickly.
Scat2	Wordless jazz singing.
Scat2	sing scat.
Scathing	Witheringly scornful.
Scatology	Excessive interest in excrement or obscenity.
Scatter	a throw about; strew.
Scatter	cover by scattering.
Scatter	move in flight etc.; disperse.
Scatter	disperse or cause
Scatter	To disperse.
Scatter	(as scattered
Scatter	) Wide apart or sporadic
Scatter	physics deflect or diffuse
Scatter	act of scattering.
Scatter	small amount scattered.
Scatter	extent of distribution.
Scatterbrain	Person lacking concentration.
Scatty	Scatterbrained.
Scatty	Scattiness
Scavenge	Search for and collect
Scavenger	person who scavenges.
Scavenger	animal feeding on carrion, refuse, etc.
Sc.d.	Doctor of science.
Sce	Scottish certificate of education.
Scenario	outline of the plot of a play, film, etc.
Scenario	postulated sequence of future events.
Scene	place in which events, real or fictional, occur.
Scene	a incident, real or fictional.
Scene	description of this.
Scene	public display of emotion, temper, etc.
Scene	a continuous portion of a play in a fixed setting; subdivision of an act.
Scene	similar section of a film, book, etc.
Scene	a piece of scenery used in a play.
Scene	these collectively.
Scene	landscape or view.
Scene	area of interest
Scene	milieu
Scene	offstage.
Scene	secret; secretly. Set the scene describe the location of events.
Scenery	natural features of a landscape, esp. When picturesque.
Scenery	painted backcloths, props, etc., used as the background in a play etc.
Scene-shifter	Person who moves scenery in a theatre.
Scenic	a picturesque.
Scenic	of natural scenery.
Scenic	of or on the stage.
Scent	distinctive, esp. Pleasant, smell.
Scent	a perceptible smell left by an animal.
Scent	clues etc. Leading to a discovery.
Scent	power of detecting esp. Smells.
Scent	a discern by scent.
Scent	sense
Scent	(esp. As scented
Scent	) Make fragrant
Scepter	staff as a symbol of sovereignty.
Sceptic	person inclined to doubt accepted opinions.
Sceptic	person who doubts the truth of religions.
Sceptic	philosopher who questions the possibility of knowledge.
Sceptical	inclined to doubt accepted opinions; critical; incredulous.
Sceptre	staff as a symbol of sovereignty.
Schadenfreude	Malicious enjoyment of another's misfortunes.
Schedule	a list of intended events, times, etc.
Schedule	plan of work.
Schedule	list of rates or prices.
Schedule	us timetable.
Schedule	tabulated list.
Schedule	include in a schedule.
Schedule	make a schedule of.
Schedule	list
Schedule	for preservation.
Scheduled flight	Regular public flight, service, etc.
Schema	synopsis, outline, or diagram.
Schematic	Of or as a scheme or schema; diagrammatic.
Schematic	Diagram, esp. Of an electronic circuit.
Schematize	put in schematic form.
Scheme	systematic plan or arrangement
Scheme	artful plot.
Scheme	timetable, outline, syllabus, etc.
Scheme	plan, esp. Secretly or deceitfully.
Scherzo	Vigorous, often playful, piece, esp. As part of a larger work.
Schism	Division of a group
Schism	into sects etc., usu. Over doctrine.
Schist	Layered crystalline rock.
Schizo	Schizophrenic.
Schizo	schizophrenic person.
Schizoid	Tending to schizophrenia but usu. Without delusions.
Schizoid	Schizoid person.
Schizophrenia	Mental disease marked by a breakdown in the relation between thoughts, feelings, and actions, and often with delusions and retreat from social life.
Schlock	Trash.
Schmaltz	Esp. Us sentimentality, esp. In music, drama, etc.
Schmuck	esp. Us foolish or contemptible person.
Schnapps	Any of various spirits drunk in
Schnapps	Europe.
Schnitzel	Escalope of veal.
Scholar	learned person, academic.
Scholar	holder of a scholarship.
Scholar	person of specified academic ability
Scholarship	a academic achievement, esp. Of a high level.
Scholarship	standards of a good scholar
Scholarship	financial award for a student etc., given for scholarly achievement.
Scholastic	of schools, education, etc.; academic.
Scholastic	hist. Of scholasticism.
Scholasticism	Hist. Medieval western church philosophy.
School1	a educational institution for pupils up to
School1	9 years of age, or
School1	including college or university level.
School1	Of or for use in school
School1	a school buildings, pupils, staff, etc.
School1	time of teaching; the teaching itself
School1	university department or faculty.
School1	a group of similar artists etc., esp. Followers of an artist etc.
School1	group of like-minded people
School1	group of card-players etc.
School1	Instructive circumstances etc.
School1	send to school; educate.
School1	discipline, train, control.
School1	(as schooled
School1	educated or trained
School2	shoal of fish, whales, etc.
School age	Age-range of school attendance.
Schoolboy	Boy attending school.
Schoolchild	Child attending school.
Schoolgirl	Girl attending school.
Schoolhouse	School building, esp. In a village.
Schooling	Education, esp. At school.
School-leaver	Person finishing secondary school
Schoolmaster	Head or assistant male teacher.
Schoolmistress	Head or assistant female teacher.
Schoolroom	Room used for lessons.
Schoolteacher	Teacher in a school.
School year	Period from september to july.
Schooner	fore-and-aft rigged ship with two or more masts.
Schooner	a measure or glass for esp. Sherry.
Schooner	austral. Tall beer-glass.
Schottische	a kind of slow polka.
Schottische	music for this.
Sciatic	of the hip.
Sciatic	of the sciatic nerve.
Sciatic	suffering from or liable to sciatica.
Sciatica	Neuralgia of the hip and leg.
Sciatic nerve	Largest nerve, running from pelvis to thigh.
Science	branch of knowledge involving systematized observation and experiment.
Science	a knowledge so gained, or on a specific subject.
Science	pursuit or principles of this.
Science	skilful technique.
Science fiction	Fiction with a scientific theme, esp. Concerned with the future, space, other worlds, etc.
Science park	Area containing science-based industries.
Scientific	a following the systematic methods of science.
Scientific	systematic, accurate.
Scientific	of, used in, or engaged in science.
Scientist	Student or expert in science.
Scientology	System of religious philosophy based on self-improvement and graded courses of study and training.
Sci-fi	(often
Sci-fi	Science fiction.
Scilicet	That is to say
Scimitar	Curved oriental sword.
Scintilla	Trace.
Scintillate	(esp. As scintillating
Scintillate	) Talk cleverly; be brilliant.
Scintillate	sparkle; twinkle.
Scion	shoot of a plant etc., esp. One cut for grafting or planting.
Scion	descendant; younger member of (esp.
Scion	noble) family.
Scissors	pl.
Scissors	Hand-held cutting instrument with two pivoted blades opening and closing.
Sclerosis	abnormal hardening of body tissue.
Sclerosis	serious progressive disease of the nervous system.
Scoff1	speak scornfully; mock.
Scoff1	Mocking words; taunt.
Scoff2	Eat greedily.
Scoff2	Food; a meal.
Scold	rebuke (esp.
Scold	child).
Scold	find fault noisily.
Scold	nagging woman.
Sconce	Wall-bracket for a candlestick or light-fitting.
Scone	Small cake of flour, fat, and milk, baked quickly.
Scoop	spoon-shaped object, esp.: a a short-handled deep shovel for loose materials.
Scoop	a large long-handled ladle for liquids.
Scoop	the excavating part of a digging-machine etc.
Scoop	an instrument for serving ice-cream etc.
Scoop	quantity taken up by a scoop.
Scoop	scooping movement.
Scoop	exclusive news item.
Scoop	large profit made quickly.
Scoop	hollow out
Scoop	with a scoop.
Scoop	lift
Scoop	with a scoop.
Scoop	forestall
Scoop	With a scoop.
Scoop	secure
Scoop	, esp. Suddenly.
Scoot	Depart quickly, flee.
Scooter	child's toy with a footboard on two wheels and a long steering-handle.
Scooter	low-powered motor cycle with a shieldlike protective front.
Scope	range or opportunity
Scope	extent of mental ability, outlook, etc.
-scope	Form forming nouns denoting:
-scope	device looked at or through
-scope	instrument for observing or showing
-scope	Form forming adjectives.
-scopy	Form indicating viewing or observation, usu. With an instrument ending in -scope
Scorbutic	Of, like, or affected with scurvy.
Scorch	burn or discolour the surface of with dry heat.
Scorch	become so discoloured etc.
Scorch	(as scorching
Scorch	very hot.
Scorch	Stringent; harsh.
Scorch	Mark made by scorching.
Scorched earth policy	Policy of destroying anything that might be of use to an invading enemy.
Scorcher	Very hot day.
Score	a number of points, goals, runs, etc., made by a player or side in some games.
Score	respective numbers of points etc. At the end of a game
Score	act of gaining esp.
Score	goal.
Score	twenty or a set of twenty.
Score	(in
Score	great many
Score	reason or motive
Score	copy of a composition showing all the vocal and instrumental parts arranged one below the other.
Score	music for a film or play, esp. For a musical.
Score	notch, line, etc. Cut or scratched into a surface.
Score	record of money owing.
Score	a win or gain
Score	count for
Score	a make a score in a game
Score	keep score in a game.
Score	mark with notches etc.
Score	have an advantage
Score	orchestrate or arrange
Score	a obtain drugs illegally.
Score	make a sexual conquest.
Score	Be aware of the essential facts. On that score so far as that is concerned. Score off
Score	Humiliate, esp. Verbally. Score out delete.
Scoreboard	Large board for displaying the score in a game or match.
Score-book	printed book etc. For entering esp. Cricket scores in.
Scoria	cellular lava, or fragments of it.
Scoria	slag or dross of metals.
Scorn	Disdain, contempt, derision.
Scorn	hold in contempt.
Scorn	reject or refuse to do as unworthy.
Scornful	contemptuous.
Scorpio	constellation and eighth sign of the zodiac
Scorpio	person born when the sun is in this sign.
Scorpion	arachnid with pincers and a jointed stinging tail.
Scorpion	zodiacal sign or constellation scorpio.
Scot	native of scotland.
Scot	person of scottish descent.
Scotch	Var. Of *scottish or *scots.
Scotch	var. Of *scottish or *scots.
Scotch	scotch whisky.
Scotch	put an end to; frustrate.
Scotch	wound without killing.
Scotch broth	Meat soup with pearl barley etc.
Scotch egg	Hard-boiled egg in sausage meat.
Scotch mist	Thick drizzly mist.
Scotch terrier	small rough-haired terrier.
Scotch whisky	Whisky distilled in scotland.
Scot-free	Unharmed, unpunished.
Scots	esp. Scot.
Scots	in the dialect, accent, etc., of
Scots	scotland.
Scots	form of english spoken in
Scots	scotland.
Scots pine	a kind of pine tree.
Scottie	Scotch terrier.
Scottish	Of scotland or its inhabitants.
Scottish	(prec. By the; treated as
Scottish	) People of scotland.
Scoundrel	Unscrupulous villain; rogue.
Scour1	a cleanse by rubbing.
Scour1	Clear
Scour1	By rubbing etc.
Scour1	clear out
Scour1	By flushing through.
Scour1	Scouring or being scoured.
Scour2	Search thoroughly, esp. By scanning
Scourge	person or thing seen as causing suffering.
Scourge	whip.
Scourge	whip.
Scourge	punish, oppress.
Scouse	liverpool dialect.
Scouse	native of liverpool.
Scouse	Of liverpool.
Scout	soldier etc. Sent ahead to get esp. Military intelligence.
Scout	search for this.
Scout	member of the scout association, an
Scout	association intended to develop character.
Scout	domestic worker at an oxford college.
Scout	go about searching for information etc.
Scout	make a search.
Scout	Explore to get information about
Scouter	Adult leader of scouts.
Scoutmaster	Person in charge of a group of scouts.
Scow	Esp. Us flat-bottomed boat.
Scowl	Severe frowning or sullen expression.
Scowl	Make a scowl.
Scrabble	scratch or grope about, esp. In search of something.
Scrabble	act of scrabbling.
Scrabble	propr. Game in which players build up words from letter-blocks on a board.
Scrag	inferior end of a neck of mutton.
Scrag	skinny person or animal.
Scrag	strangle, hang.
Scrag	handle roughly, beat up.
Scraggy	thin and bony.
Scram	Go away.
Scramble	clamber, crawl, climb, etc., esp. Hurriedly or anxiously.
Scramble	struggle with competitors
Scramble	mix together indiscriminately.
Scramble	cook
Scramble	by stirring them in a pan over heat.
Scramble	change the speech frequency of
Scramble	so as to make it unintelligible without a decoding device.
Scramble	take off quickly in an emergency or for action.
Scramble	act of scrambling.
Scramble	difficult climb or walk.
Scramble	eager struggle or competition.
Scramble	motor-cycle race over rough ground.
Scramble	emergency take-off by fighter aircraft.
Scrambler	Device for scrambling telephone conversations.
Scrap1	small detached piece; fragment.
Scrap1	rubbish or waste material.
Scrap1	discarded metal for reprocessing (often
Scrap1	: scrap metal).
Scrap1	Smallest piece or amount.
Scrap1	(in
Scrap1	odds and ends.
Scrap1	uneaten food.
Scrap1	discard as useless.
Scrap2	Fight or rough quarrel.
Scrap2	have a scrap.
Scrapbook	Blank book for sticking cuttings, drawings, etc., in.
Scrape	a move a hard or sharp edge across
Scrape	, esp. To make smooth.
Scrape	apply
Scrape	in this way.
Scrape	Remove by scraping.
Scrape	a rub
Scrape	harshly against another.
Scrape	scratch or damage by scraping.
Scrape	make
Scrape	by scraping.
Scrape	a draw or move with a scraping sound.
Scrape	make such a sound.
Scrape	produce such a sound from.
Scrape	Move almost touching surrounding obstacles etc.
Scrape	narrowly achieve
Scrape	a barely manage.
Scrape	pass an examination etc. With difficulty.
Scrape	bring, provide, or amass with difficulty.
Scrape	0 be economical.
Scrape	1 draw back a foot in making a clumsy bow.
Scrape	draw
Scrape	tightly back.
Scrape	act or sound of scraping.
Scrape	scraped place; graze.
Scraper	Device for scraping, esp. Paint etc. From a surface.
Scrap heap	pile of scrap.
Scrap heap	state of being discarded as useless.
Scrapie	Viral disease of sheep, characterized by lack of coordination.
Scraping	(esp. In
Scraping	) Fragment produced by scraping.
Scrap merchant	Dealer in scrap.
Scrappy	consisting of scraps.
Scrappy	incomplete; carelessly arranged or put together.
Scrapyard	Place where
Scrapyard	scrap is collected for reuse.
Scratch	score, mark, or wound superficially, esp. With a sharp object.
Scratch	Scrape, esp. With the nails to relieve itching.
Scratch	make or form by scratching.
Scratch	strike
Scratch	Withdraw
Scratch	From a race or competition.
Scratch	scratch the ground etc. In search.
Scratch	search haphazardly
Scratch	mark or wound made by scratching.
Scratch	sound of scratching.
Scratch	spell of scratching oneself.
Scratch	Superficial wound.
Scratch	line from which competitors in a race
Scratch	start.
Scratch	adj.
Scratch	collected by chance.
Scratch	collected or made from whatever is available; heterogeneous.
Scratch	with no handicap given
Scratch	from the beginning.
Scratch	without help. Scratch one's head be perplexed. Scratch the surface deal with a matter only superficially. Up to scratch up to the required standard.
Scratchy	tending to make scratches or a scratching noise.
Scratchy	causing itching.
Scratchy	Untidy, careless.
Scratchy	Scratchiness
Scrawl	write or make
Scrawl	in a hurried untidy way.
Scrawl	cross out by scrawling over.
Scrawl	hurried untidy manner of writing.
Scrawl	example of this.
Scrawny	lean, scraggy.
Scream	loud high-pitched cry of fear, pain, etc.
Scream	similar sound or cry.
Scream	Hilarious occurrence or person.
Scream	emit a scream.
Scream	speak or sing
Scream	In a screaming tone.
Scream	make or move with a screaming sound.
Scream	laugh uncontrollably.
Scream	be blatantly obvious.
Scree	(in sing. Or
Scree	small loose stones.
Scree	mountain slope covered with these.
Screech	Harsh piercing scream.
Screech	Utter with or make a screech.
Screech-owl	Owl that screeches, esp.
Screech-owl	barn-owl.
Screed	long usu. Tiresome piece of writing or speech.
Screed	layer of cement etc. Applied to level a surface.
Screen	fixed or movable upright partition for separating, concealing, or protecting from heat etc.
Screen	thing used to conceal or shelter.
Screen	a concealing stratagem.
Screen	protection thus given.
Screen	a blank surface on which a photographic image is projected.
Screen	(prec.
Screenplay	Film script.
Screen printing	Printing process with ink forced through a prepared sheet of fine material.
Screen test	Audition for a part in a film.
Screenwriter	Person who writes for the cinema.
Screw	thin cylinder or cone with a spiral ridge or thread running round the outside
Screw	or the inside
Screw	metal male screw with a slotted head and a sharp point.
Screw	blunt metal male screw on which a nut is threaded to bolt things together.
Screw	straight screw used to exert pressure.
Screw	(in sing. Or
Screw	) Instrument of torture acting in this way.
Screw	propeller with twisted blades acting like a screw on the water or air.
Screw	one turn of a screw.
Screw	small twisted-up paper
Screw	An oblique curling motion of the ball.
Screw	prison warder.
Screw	a act of sexual intercourse.
Screw	partner in this.
Screw	fasten or tighten with a screw or screws.
Screw	turn
Screw	twist or turn round like a screw.
Screw	Swerve.
Screw	extort
Screw	From.
Screw	have sexual intercourse with.
Screw	swindle.
Screw	Be slightly crazy. Put the screws on
Screw	Pressurize, intimidate. Screw up
Screw	contract or contort
Screw	contract and crush
Screw	Into a tight mass.
Screw	summon up
Screw	a bungle.
Screw	spoil
Screw	upset, disturb mentally.
Screwball	crazy or eccentric person.
Screwdriver	Tool with a tip that fits into the head of a screw to turn it.
Screw top	) Screwed-on cap or lid.
Screw-up	bungle, mess.
Screwy	crazy or eccentric.
Screwy	absurd.
Scribble	write or draw carelessly or hurriedly.
Scribble	joc. Be an author or writer.
Scribble	scrawl.
Scribble	hasty note etc.
Scribe	ancient or medieval copyist of manuscripts.
Scribe	ancient jewish record-keeper or professional theologian and jurist.
Scribe	pointed instrument for making marks on wood etc.
Scribe	Writer, esp.
Scribe	journalist.
Scribe	mark with a scribe.
Scrim	Open-weave fabric for lining or upholstery etc.
Scrimmage	Tussle; brawl.
Scrimmage	engage in this.
Scrimp	Skimp.
Scrip	provisional certificate of money subscribed, entitling the holder to dividends.
Scrip	Such certificates.
Scrip	extra share or shares instead of a dividend.
Script	text of a play, film, or broadcast.
Script	handwriting; written characters.
Script	type imitating handwriting.
Script	alphabet or system of writing.
Script	examinee's written answers.
Script	Write a script for
Scripture	sacred writings.
Scripture	the bible.
Scriptwriter	Person who writes scripts for films, tv, etc.
Scrivener	Hist.
Scrivener	copyist or drafter of documents.
Scrivener	notary.
Scrofula	Disease with glandular swellings, probably a form of tuberculosis.
Scroll	roll of parchment or paper, esp. Written on.
Scroll	book in the ancient roll form.
Scroll	ornamental design imitating a roll of parchment.
Scroll	move
Scroll	to view earlier or later material.
Scrolled	Having a scroll ornament.
Scrooge	Miser.
Scrotum	pouch of skin containing the testicles.
Scrounge	Obtain by cadging.
Scrub1	clean by rubbing, esp. With a hard brush and water.
Scrub1	Clean and disinfect the hands and arms before operating.
Scrub1	Scrap or cancel.
Scrub1	use water to remove impurities from
Scrub1	Scrubbing or being scrubbed.
Scrub2	a brushwood or stunted forest growth.
Scrub2	land covered with this.
Scrub2	Small or dwarf variety
Scrubber	promiscuous woman.
Scrubber	apparatus for purifying gases etc.
Scruff1	Back of the neck
Scruff2	Scruffy person.
Scruffy	Shabby, slovenly, untidy.
Scruffy	Scruffiness
Scrum	scrummage.
Scrum-half	Half-back who puts the ball into the scrum.
Scrummage	Rugby massed forwards on each side pushing to gain possession of the ball thrown on the ground between them.
Scrump	Steal from an orchard or garden.
Scrumptious	delicious.
Scrumptious	delightful.
Scrumpy	Rough cider.
Scrunch	crumple.
Scrunch	crunch.
Scrunch	Crunching sound.
Scruple	(often in
Scruple	) Moral concern.
Scruple	doubt caused by this.
Scruple	Hesitate because of scruples.
Scrupulous	conscientious, thorough.
Scrupulous	careful to avoid doing wrong.
Scrupulous	punctilious; over-attentive to details.
Scrutineer	Person who scrutinizes ballot-papers.
Scrutinize	subject to scrutiny.
Scrutiny	critical gaze.
Scrutiny	close investigation.
Scrutiny	official examination of ballot-papers.
Scuba	aqualung.
Scuba-diving	Swimming underwater using a scuba.
Scuba-diving	Scuba-diver
Scud	move straight and fast; skim along
Scud	Run before the wind.
Scud	spell of scudding.
Scud	scudding motion.
Scud	vapoury driving clouds or shower.
Scuff	graze or brush against.
Scuff	mark or wear out
Scuff	in this way.
Scuff	shuffle or drag the feet.
Scuff	Mark of scuffing.
Scuffle	Confused struggle or fight at close quarters.
Scuffle	engage in a scuffle.
Scull	either of a pair of small oars.
Scull	oar over the stern of a boat to propel it, usu. By a twisting motion.
Scull	(in
Scull	) Sculling race.
Scull	Propel
Scull	with sculls.
Sculler	user of sculls.
Sculler	boat for sculling.
Scullery	back kitchen; room for washing dishes etc.
Scullion	cook's boy.
Scullion	person who washes dishes etc.
Sculpt	Sculpture.
Sculptor	artist who sculptures.
Sculpture	art of making three-dimensional or relief forms, by chiselling, carving, modelling, casting, etc.
Sculpture	work of sculpture.
Sculpture	represent in or adorn with sculpture.
Sculpture	practise sculpture.
Scum	layer of dirt, froth, etc. At the top of liquid.
Scum	derog. Worst part, person, or group
Scum	remove scum from.
Scum	form a scum
Scumbag	contemptible person.
Scupper1	Hole in a ship's side to drain water from the deck.
Scupper2	sink
Scupper2	defeat or ruin
Scupper2	kill.
Scurf	Dandruff.
Scurrilous	Grossly or indecently abusive.
Scurrilous	. Scurrilously
Scurrilous	Scurrilousness
Scurry	run or move hurriedly, esp. With short quick steps; scamper.
Scurry	act or sound of scurrying.
Scurry	flurry of rain or snow.
Scurvy	Disease caused by a deficiency of vitamin c.
Scurvy	paltry, contemptible.
Scut	Short tail, esp. Of a hare, rabbit, or deer.
Scutter	Scurry.
Scuttle1	part of a car body between the windscreen and the bonnet.
Scuttle2	scurry; flee from danger etc.
Scuttle2	Hurried gait; precipitate flight.
Scuttle3	Hole with a lid in a ship's deck or side.
Scuttle3	Let water into
Scuttle3	to sink it.
Scylla and charybdis	pl. Two dangers or extremes such that one can be avoided only by approaching the other.
Scythe	Mowing and reaping implement with a long handle and curved blade swung over the ground.
Scythe	cut with a scythe.
Sdi	Strategic defence initiative.
Sdlp	(in
Sdlp	Ireland) social democratic and labour party.
Sdp	Hist. Social democratic party.
Se	south-east.
Se	south-eastern.
Se	Selenium.
Sea	expanse of salt water that covers most of the earth's surface.
Sea	any part of this.
Sea	named tract of this partly or wholly enclosed by land
Sea	large inland lake
Sea	waves of the sea; their motion or state
Sea	vast quantity or expanse.
Sea	Living or used in, on, or near the sea (often
Sea	ed to the name of a marine animal, plant, etc., having a superficial resemblance to what it is named after)
Sea	in a ship on the sea.
Sea	perplexed, confused. By sea in a ship or ships. Go to sea become a sailor. On the sea
Sea	= at sea
Sea	on the coast.
Sea anchor	Bag to retard the drifting of a ship.
Sea anemone	Marine animal with tube-shaped body and petal-like tentacles.
Seabed	Ocean floor.
Sea bird	Bird living near the sea.
Seaboard	seashore or coastline.
Seaboard	coastal region.
Seaborne	Transported by sea.
Sea change	Notable or unexpected transformation.
Sea cow	sirenian.
Sea cow	walrus.
Sea dog	Old sailor.
Seafarer	sailor.
Seafarer	traveller by sea.
Seafood	(often
Seafood	) Edible sea fish or shellfish
Sea front	Part of a town directly facing the sea.
Seagoing	fit for crossing the sea.
Sea green	(as
Sea green	Often hyphenated) bluish-green.
Sea horse	small upright fish with a head like a horse's.
Sea horse	mythical creature with a horse's head and fish's tail.
Seakale	Plant with young shoots used as a vegetable.
Seal1	piece of stamped wax, lead, paper, etc., attached to a document or to a receptacle, envelope, etc., to guarantee authenticity or security.
Seal1	engraved piece of metal etc. For stamping a design on a seal.
Seal1	substance or device used to close a gap etc.
Seal1	anything regarded as a confirmation or guarantee
Seal1	decorative adhesive stamp.
Seal1	close securely or hermetically.
Seal1	stamp, fasten, or fix with a seal.
Seal1	certify as correct with a seal or stamp.
Seal1	confine securely.
Seal1	settle or decide
Seal1	prevent entry to or exit from
Seal2	Fish-eating amphibious marine mammal with flippers.
Seal2	Hunt for seals.
Sealant	Material for sealing, esp. To make airtight or watertight.
Sea legs	pl. Ability to keep one's balance and avoid seasickness at sea.
Sea level	Mean level of the sea's surface, used in reckoning the height of hills etc. And as a barometric standard.
Sealing-wax	Mixture softened by heating and used to make seals.
Sea lion	Large, eared seal.
Sea lord	Naval member of the admiralty board.
Sealskin	skin or prepared fur of a seal.
Sealskin	(often
Sealskin	) Garment made from this.
Seals of office	pl. Seals held, esp. By the lord chancellor or a secretary of state.
Seam	line where two edges join, esp. Of cloth or boards.
Seam	fissure between parallel edges.
Seam	wrinkle.
Seam	stratum of coal etc.
Seam	join with a seam.
Seam	(esp. As seamed
Seam	) Mark or score with a seam.
Seaman	person whose work is at sea.
Seaman	sailor, esp. One below the rank of officer.
Seamanship	Skill in managing a ship or boat.
Seam bowler	Cricket bowler who makes the ball deviate by bouncing it off its seam.
Sea mile	Unit varying between approx.
Sea mile	,014 yards
Sea mile	and
Sea mile	,035 yards
Seamstress	woman who sews, esp. For a living.
Seamy	disreputable or sordid
Seamy	marked with or showing seams.
Seance	Meeting at which a spiritualist attempts to make contact with the dead.
Sea pink	Maritime plant with bright pink flowers.
Seaplane	Aircraft designed to take off from and land on water.
Seaport	Town with a harbour.
Sear	scorch, cauterize.
Sear	cause anguish to.
Sear	brown
Sear	quickly at a high temperature to retain its juices in cooking.
Search	Look through or go over thoroughly to find something.
Search	examine or feel over
Search	to find anything concealed.
Search	probe
Search	look thoroughly in order to find.
Search	(as searching
Search	thorough; keenly questioning
Search	look for; seek out.
Search	act of searching.
Search	investigation.
Search	I do not know.
Search	Searchingly
Searchlight	powerful outdoor electric light with a concentrated beam that can be turned in any direction.
Searchlight	light or beam from this.
Search-party	Group of people conducting an organized search.
Search warrant	Official authorization to enter and search a building.
Sea room	Space at sea for a ship to turn etc.
Sea salt	Salt produced by evaporating sea water.
Seascape	Picture or view of the sea.
Sea scout	Member of the maritime branch of the scout association.
Seashell	Shell of a salt-water mollusc.
Seashore	Land next to the sea.
Seasick	Nauseous from the motion of a ship at sea.
Seaside	Sea-coast, esp. As a holiday resort.
Season	each of the climatic divisions of the year
Season	proper or suitable time.
Season	time when something is plentiful, active, etc.
Season	time of year for an activity or for social life generally
Season	indefinite period.
Season	flavour
Season	with salt, herbs, etc.
Season	enhance with wit etc.
Season	moderate.
Season	(esp. As seasoned
Season	) Make or become suitable by exposure to the weather or experience
Season	plentiful and good.
Season	on heat.
Seasonable	suitable or usual to the season.
Seasonable	opportune.
Seasonable	apt.
Seasonal	Of, depending on, or varying with the season.
Seasoning	Salt, herbs, etc. Added to food to enhance its flavour.
Season ticket	Ticket entitling the holder to unlimited travel, access, etc., in a given period.
Seat	thing made or used for sitting on.
Seat	a buttocks.
Seat	part of a garment covering them.
Seat	part of a chair etc. On which the buttocks rest.
Seat	place for one person in a theatre etc.
Seat	position as an mp, committee member, etc., or the right to occupy it.
Seat	supporting or guiding part of a machine.
Seat	location
Seat	country mansion.
Seat	manner of sitting on a horse etc.
Seat	cause to sit.
Seat	provide sitting accommodation for (bus seats
Seat	(as seated
Seat	) Sitting.
Seat	put or fit in position.
Seat	By instinct rather than knowledge. Take a seat sit down.
Seat-belt	Belt securing motor vehicle or aircraft passengers.
-seater	Form having a specified number of seats.
Seating	seats collectively.
Seating	sitting accommodation.
Sea urchin	Small marine animal with a spiny shell.
Sea wall	Wall built to stop flooding or erosion by the sea.
Seaward	towards the sea.
Seaward	Going or facing towards the sea.
Seaway	inland waterway open to seagoing ships.
Seaway	ship's progress.
Seaway	ship's path across the sea.
Seaweed	Plant growing in the sea or on rocks on a shore.
Seaworthy	Fit to put to sea.
Sebaceous	Fatty; secreting oily matter.
Sec.	Secretary.
Sec1	Secant.
Sec2	second, moment
Sec.	Second
Sec	dry.
Sec1	Secant.
Sec2	second, moment
Sec.	Second
Sec	dry.
Secant	Math.
Secant	ratio of the hypotenuse to the shorter side adjacent to an acute angle
Secant	line cutting a curve at one or more points.
Secateurs	pl. Pruning clippers used with one hand.
Secede	withdraw formally from a political federation or religious body.
Secession	Act of seceding.
Seclude	keep
Seclude	apart from others.
Seclude	(esp. As secluded
Seclude	) Screen from view.
Seclusion	Secluded state or place.
Second1	next after first.
Second1	additional
Second1	subordinate; inferior.
Second1	Performing a lower or subordinate part
Second1	such as to be comparable to
Second1	runner-up.
Second1	person or thing besides the first or previously mentioned one.
Second1	second gear.
Second1	(in
Second1	) Inferior goods.
Second1	(in
Second1	Second helping or course.
Second1	assistant to a duellist, boxer, etc.
Second1	support; back up.
Second1	formally support
Second1	(esp. In sense
Second2	sixtieth of a minute of time or of an angle.
Second2	Very short time
Second3	Transfer
Second3	temporarily to another department etc.
Secondary	coming after or next below what is primary.
Secondary	derived from or supplementing what is primary.
Secondary	Following primary, esp. From the age of
Secondary	secondary thing.
Secondary colour	Result of mixing two primary colours.
Secondary picketing	Picketing of premises of a firm not directly involved in an industrial dispute.
Second-best	Next after best.
Second chamber	Upper house of a parliament.
Second class	Second-best group, category, postal service, or accommodation.
Second class	of or by the second class
Second cousin	Son or daughter of one's parent's cousin.
Second-degree	Denoting burns that cause blistering but not permanent scars.
Second-guess	anticipate by guesswork.
Second-guess	criticize with hindsight.
Second-hand	a having had a previous owner; not new.
Second-hand	Where such goods can be bought.
Second-hand	Indirect, not from one's own observation etc.
Second-hand	on a second-hand basis.
Second-hand	indirectly.
Second lieutenant	Army officer next below lieutenant.
Secondly	furthermore.
Secondly	as a second item.
Second nature	Acquired tendency that has become instinctive.
Second officer	Assistant mate on a merchant ship.
Second-rate	Mediocre; inferior.
Second sight	Clairvoyance.
Second string	Alternative course of action etc.
Second thoughts	pl. Revised opinion or resolution.
Second wind	recovery of normal breathing during exercise after initial breathlessness.
Second wind	renewed energy to continue.
Secrecy	State of being secret; habit or faculty of keeping secrets
Secret	kept or meant to be kept private, unknown, or hidden.
Secret	acting or operating secretly.
Secret	fond of secrecy.
Secret	thing kept or meant to be kept secret.
Secret	mystery.
Secret	effective but not generally known method
Secret agent	Spy.
Secretaire	Escritoire.
Secretariat	administrative office or department.
Secretariat	its members or premises.
Secretary	employee who assists with correspondence, records, making appointments, etc.
Secretary	official of a society or company who writes letters, organizes business, etc.
Secretary	principal assistant of a government minister, ambassador, etc.
Secretary	Secretaryship
Secretary bird	Long-legged crested african bird.
Secretary-general	Principal administrator of an organization.
Secretary of state	head of a major government department.
Secretary of state	us
Secret ballot	Ballot in which votes are cast in secret.
Secrete	Produce and discharge
Secrete	conceal.
Secretion	a process of secreting.
Secretion	secreted substance.
Secretion	act of concealing.
Secretive	Inclined to make or keep secrets; uncommunicative.
Secretive	Secretiveness
Secret police	Police force operating secretly for political ends.
Secret service	Government department concerned with espionage.
Secret society	Society whose members are sworn to secrecy about it.
Sect	group sharing
Sect	religious, political, or philosophical doctrines.
Sect	religious denomination.
Sectarian	of a sect.
Sectarian	devoted, esp. Narrow-mindedly, to one's sect.
Sectarian	Member of a sect.
Section	each of the parts of a thing or out of which a thing can be fitted together.
Section	part cut off.
Section	subdivision.
Section	us a area of land.
Section	district of a town.
Section	act of cutting or separating surgically.
Section	a cutting of a solid by a plane.
Section	resulting figure or area.
Section	arrange in or divide into sections.
Section	compulsorily commit to a psychiatric hospital.
Sectional	a of a social group
Sectional	partisan.
Sectional	made in sections.
Sectional	local rather than general.
Sector	distinct part of an enterprise, society, the economy, etc.
Sector	military subdivision of an area.
Sector	plane figure enclosed by two radii of a circle, ellipse, etc., and the arc between them.
Secular	not concerned with religion; not sacred; worldly
Secular	not monastic.
Secular	Secularize
Secular	. Secularization
Secure	untroubled by danger or fear.
Secure	safe.
Secure	reliable; stable; fixed.
Secure	make secure or safe.
Secure	fasten or close securely.
Secure	succeed in obtaining.
Security	secure condition or feeling.
Security	thing that guards or guarantees.
Security	a safety against espionage, theft, etc.
Security	organization for ensuring this.
Security	thing deposited as a guarantee of an undertaking or loan, to be forfeited in case of default.
Security	(often in
Security	) Document as evidence of a loan, certificate of stock, bonds, etc.
Security risk	Person or thing that threatens security.
Sedan	hist. Enclosed chair for one, carried on poles by two men.
Sedan	us enclosed car with four or more seats.
Sedate	Tranquil and dignified; serious.
Sedate	put under sedation.
Sedate	Sedateness
Sedation	Act of calming, esp. By sedatives.
Sedative	Calming drug or influence.
Sedative	Calming, soothing.
Sedentary	sitting.
Sedentary	Done while sitting.
Sedentary	disinclined to exercise.
Sedge	Waterside or marsh plant resembling
Sedge	grass.
Sediment	grounds; dregs.
Sediment	matter deposited on the land by water or wind.
Sediment	Sedimentation
Sedition	Conduct or speech inciting to rebellion.
Seduce	entice into sexual activity or wrongdoing.
Seduce	coax or lead astray.
Seduction	seducing or being seduced.
Seduction	thing that tempts or attracts.
Seductive	Alluring, enticing.
Seductive	Seductiveness
Seductress	Female seducer.
Sedulous	Persevering, diligent, painstaking.
Sedulous	Sedulously
Sedum	Fleshy-leaved plant with yellow, pink, or white flowers, e.g. The stonecrop.
See1	(past saw;
See1	Seen)
See1	perceive with the eyes.
See1	have or use this power.
See1	discern mentally; understand.
See1	watch
See1	ascertain, learn
See1	imagine, foresee
See1	look at for information (see page
See1	meet and recognize
See1	a meet socially or on business; visit or be visited by
See1	meet regularly as a boyfriend or girlfriend.
See1	0 reflect, wait for clarification
See1	1 experience
See1	2 find attractive
See1	3 escort, conduct
See1	4 witness
See1	5 ensure
See1	6  a
See1	Equal
See1	equal the bet of
See1	attend to.
See1	consider. See the back of
See1	Be rid of. See fit see *fit1. See the light
See1	realize one's mistakes etc.
See1	undergo religious conversion. See off
See1	be present at the departure of
See1	Ward off, get the better of. See out
See1	accompany out of a building etc.
See1	finish
See1	Completely.
See1	survive
See1	. See over inspect; tour. See red
See1	Become enraged. See stars
See1	See lights as a result of a blow on the head. See things
See1	Have hallucinations. See through detect the truth or true nature of. See a person through support a person during a difficult time. See a thing through finish it completely. See to it
See1	ensure.
See2	area under the authority of a bishop or archbishop.
See2	his office or jurisdiction.
Seed	a part of a plant capable of developing into another such plant.
Seed	seeds collectively, esp. For sowing.
Seed	semen.
Seed	prime cause, beginning.
Seed	offspring, descendants.
Seed	Seeded player.
Seed	a place seeds in.
Seed	sprinkle
Seed	with seed.
Seed	sow seeds.
Seed	produce or drop seed.
Seed	remove seeds from
Seed	place a crystal etc. In
Seed	to produce rain.
Seed	sport a so position
Seed	that he or she will not meet other strong competitors in early rounds.
Seed	arrange
Seed	in this way.
Seed	cease flowering as seed develops.
Seed	become degenerate, unkempt, etc.
Seed-bed	bed prepared for sowing.
Seed-bed	place of development.
Seedling	Young plant raised from seed rather than from a cutting etc.
Seed-pearl	Very small pearl.
Seed-potato	Potato kept for seed.
Seedsman	Dealer in seeds.
Seedy	shabby, unkempt.
Seedy	Unwell.
Seedy	full of or going to seed.
Seeing	considering that, inasmuch as, because.
Seek	(past and
Seek	Sought)
Seek	search or inquire.
Seek	a try or want to find or get or reach
Seek	request
Seek	endeavour
Seek	search for and find.
Seek	single out as a friend etc.
Seem	Appear or feel
Seeming	Apparent but perhaps doubtful
Seemly	in good taste; decorous.
Seen	Of *see1.
See of rome	The papacy.
Seep	Ooze out; percolate.
Seepage	act of seeping.
Seepage	quantity that seeps out.
Seer	person who sees.
Seer	prophet; visionary.
Seersucker	Linen, cotton, etc. Fabric with a puckered surface.
See-saw	a long plank balanced on a central support, for children to sit on at each end and move up and down alternately.
See-saw	this game.
See-saw	up-and-down or to-and-fro motion.
See-saw	close contest with alternating advantage.
See-saw	play on a see-saw.
See-saw	move up and down.
See-saw	vacillate in policy, emotion, etc.
See-saw	With up-and-down or backward-and-forward motion.
Seethe	boil, bubble over.
Seethe	be very angry, resentful, etc.
See-through	translucent.
Segment	each part into which a thing is or can be divided.
Segment	part of a circle or sphere etc. Cut off by an intersecting line or plane.
Segment	Usu. Divide into segments.
Segment	Segmentation
Segregate	put apart; isolate.
Segregate	separate
Segregate	from the rest of the community.
Segregation	enforced separation of ethnic groups in a community etc.
Segregation	segregating or being segregated.
Seigneur	Feudal lord.
Seine	Fishing-net with floats at the top and weights at the bottom edge.
Seine	fish or catch with a seine.
Seismic	Of earthquakes.
Seismogram	Record given by a seismograph.
Seismograph	Instrument that records the force, direction, etc., of earthquakes.
Seismology	The study of earthquakes.
Seismology	Seismologist
Seize	take hold of forcibly or suddenly.
Seize	take possession of forcibly or by legal power.
Seize	affect suddenly
Seize	take advantage of
Seize	comprehend quickly or clearly.
Seize	law put in possession of.
Seize	possessing legally.
Seize	aware or informed of. Seize up
Seize	become jammed.
Seize	Become stiff.
Seizure	seizing or being seized.
Seizure	sudden attack, esp. Of epilepsy or apoplexy.
Seldom	Rarely, not often.
Select	Choose, esp. With care.
Select	chosen for excellence or suitability.
Select	Exclusive.
Select committee	Small parliamentary committee conducting a special inquiry.
Selection	selecting or being selected.
Selection	selected person or thing.
Selection	things from which a choice may be made.
Selection	evolutionary process by which some species thrive better than others.
Selective	of or using selection
Selective	able to select.
Selective	Selecting what is convenient.
Selective	Selectivity
Selector	person who selects, esp.
Selector	team.
Selector	device in a vehicle, machinery, etc. That selects the required gear etc.
Selenium	Non-metallic element occurring naturally in various metallic sulphide ores.
Self	individuality, personality, or essence
Self	object of introspection or reflexive action.
Self	a one's own interests or pleasure.
Self	concentration on these.
Self	commerce or
Self	Myself, yourself, etc.
Self-	Form expressing reflexive action:
Self-	of or by oneself or itself
Self-	on, in, for, or of oneself or itself
Self-abasement	Self-humiliation; cringing.
Self-absorption	Absorption in oneself.
Self-abuse	masturbation.
Self-addressed	bearing one's own address for a reply.
Self-adhesive	Adhesive, esp. Without wetting.
Self-advancement	Advancement of oneself.
Self-aggrandizement	Process of enriching oneself or making oneself powerful.
Self-analysis	Analysis of oneself, one's motives, character, etc.
Self-appointed	Designated so by oneself, not by others
Self-assembly	Assembled by the buyer from a kit.
Self-assertive	Confident or aggressive in promoting oneself, one's rights, etc.
Self-assured	Self-confident.
Self-aware	Conscious of one's character, feelings, motives, etc.
Self-catering	With cooking facilities provided, but no food.
Self-censorship	Censoring of oneself.
Self-centered	preoccupied with oneself; selfish.
Self-centered	Self-centredness
Self-centred	preoccupied with oneself; selfish.
Self-centred	Self-centredness
Self-cleaning	cleaning itself when heated.
Self-conceit	High or exaggerated opinion of oneself.
Self-confessed	Openly admitting oneself to be.
Self-confident	Having confidence in oneself.
Self-confident	Self-confidently
Self-conscious	Nervous, shy, or embarrassed.
Self-conscious	Self-consciousness
Self-consistent	Consistent; not conflicting.
Self-contained	uncommunicative; independent.
Self-contained	complete in itself, having no shared entrance or facilities.
Self-control	Power of controlling one's behaviour, emotions, etc.
Self-critical	Critical of oneself, one's abilities, etc.
Self-deception	Deceiving of oneself, esp. About one's motives or feelings.
Self-defeating	Doomed to failure because of internal inconsistencies; achieving the opposite of what is intended.
Self-defence	physical or verbal defence of one's body, property, rights, reputation, etc.
Self-defense	physical or verbal defence of one's body, property, rights, reputation, etc.
Self-delusion	Act of deluding oneself.
Self-denial	Asceticism, esp. To discipline oneself.
Self-deprecation	Belittling of oneself.
Self-destruct	Explode or disintegrate automatically, esp. When pre-set to do so.
Self-destruct	Enabling a thing to self-destruct
Self-destruction	destroying of itself or oneself or one's chances, happiness, etc.
Self-destruction	act of self-destructing.
Self-determination	nation's right to determine its own government etc.
Self-determination	ability to act with free will.
Self-discipline	ability to apply oneself.
Self-discipline	self-control.
Self-discovery	Process of acquiring insight into one's character, desires, etc.
Self-doubt	Lack of confidence in oneself.
Self-drive	driven by the hirer.
Self-educated	Educated by one's own reading etc., without formal instruction.
Self-effacing	Retiring; modest.
Self-employed	Working as a freelance or for one's own business etc.
Self-esteem	Good opinion of oneself.
Self-evident	Obvious; without the need of proof or further explanation.
Self-evident	Self-evidently
Self-examination	the study of one's own conduct etc.
Self-examination	examining of one's own body for signs of illness.
Self-explanatory	Not needing explanation.
Self-expression	Artistic or free expression.
Self-financing	that pays for itself without subsidy.
Self-fulfilling	Bound to come true as a result of its being made.
Self-fulfilment	Fulfilment of one's ambitions etc.
Self-governing	Governing itself or oneself.
Self-help	(often
Self-help	) Use of one's own abilities, resources, etc. To solve one's problems etc.
Self-image	One's conception of oneself.
Self-important	Conceited; pompous.
Self-imposed	Imposed on and by oneself.
Self-improvement	Improvement of oneself or one's life etc. By one's own efforts.
Self-induced	Induced by oneself or itself.
Self-indulgent	indulging in one's own pleasure, feelings, etc.
Self-indulgent	Lacking economy and control.
Self-inflicted	Inflicted by and on oneself.
Self-interest	One's personal interest or advantage.
Selfish	Concerned chiefly with one's own interests or pleasure; actuated by or appealing to self-interest.
Selfish	Selfishness
Self-justification	Justification or excusing of oneself.
Self-knowledge	Understanding of oneself.
Selfless	Unselfish.
Selfless	Selflessness
Self-made	Successful or rich by one's own effort.
Self-opinionated	Stubbornly adhering to one's opinions.
Self-perpetuating	Perpetuating itself or oneself without external agency.
Self-pity	Feeling sorry for oneself.
Self-pollination	Pollination of a flower by pollen from the same plant.
Self-portrait	Portrait or description of oneself by oneself.
Self-possessed	Calm and composed.
Self-preservation	keeping oneself safe.
Self-preservation	instinct for this.
Self-proclaimed	Proclaimed by oneself or itself to be such.
Self-propelled	Propelled by its own power.
Self-raising	containing a raising agent.
Self-realization	Development of one's abilities etc.
Self-regard	Proper regard for oneself.
Self-regulating	Regulating oneself or itself without intervention.
Self-regulating	Self-regulatory
Self-reliance	Reliance on one's own resources etc.; independence.
Self-reproach	Reproach directed at oneself.
Self-respect	Respect for oneself.
Self-restraint	Self-control.
Self-righteous	Smugly sure of one's rightness.
Self-righteous	Self-righteousness
Self-rule	Self-government.
Self-sacrifice	Selflessness; self-denial.
Selfsame	very same, identical.
Self-satisfied	Complacent; self-righteous.
Self-sealing	Automatically able to seal small punctures.
Self-sealing	self-adhesive.
Self-seed	propagate itself by seed.
Self-seeking	Selfish.
Self-service	(often
Self-service	With customers serving themselves and paying at a checkout etc.
Self-service	Self-service restaurant etc.
Self-starter	electrical appliance for starting an engine.
Self-starter	ambitious person with initiative.
Self-styled	Called so by oneself.
Self-sufficient	Able to supply one's own needs; independent.
Self-supporting	Financially self-sufficient.
Self-taught	Self-educated.
Self-willed	Obstinately pursuing one's own wishes.
Sell	(past and
Sell	Sold)
Sell	exchange or be exchanged for money
Sell	stock for sale
Sell	have a specified price
Sell	Betray or prostitute for money etc.
Sell	Advertise or publicize
Sell	cause to be sold
Sell	Make
Sell	enthusiastic about
Sell	manner of selling
Sell	deception; disappointment.
Sell	Sell
Sell	betray; be treacherous or disloyal. Sell short disparage, underestimate. Sell up sell one's business, house, etc.
Sell-by date	Latest recommended date of sale.
Seller	person who sells.
Seller	thing that sells well or badly.
Seller's market	trading conditions favourable to the seller.
Selling-point	Advantageous feature.
Sellotape	Propr. Adhesive usu. Transparent tape.
Sellotape	fix with sellotape.
Sell-out	commercial success, esp. The selling of all tickets for a show.
Sell-out	betrayal.
Selvage	fabric edging woven to prevent cloth from fraying.
Selves	Of *self.
Semantic	Of meaning in language.
Semantics	pl.
Semantics	Branch of linguistics concerned with meaning.
Semaphore	system of signalling with the arms or two flags.
Semaphore	railway signalling apparatus consisting of a post with a movable arm or arms etc.
Semaphore	signal or send by semaphore.
Semblance	appearance; show
Semen	Reproductive fluid of males.
Semester	Half-year course or term in
Semester	universities.
Semi	Semi-detached house.
Semi- 	half.
Semi- 	partly.
Semibreve	Note equal to four crochets.
Semicircle	Half of a circle or of its circumference.
Semicolon	Punctuation mark
Semicolon	of intermediate value between a comma and full stop.
Semiconductor	Substance that in certain conditions has electrical conductivity intermediate between insulators and metals.
Semi-conscious	Partly or imperfectly conscious.
Semi-detached	joined to one other on one side only.
Semi-detached	Such a house.
Semifinal	Match or round preceding the final.
Seminal	of seed, semen, or reproduction; germinal.
Seminal	Forming a basis for future development.
Seminar	small discussion class at a university etc.
Seminar	short intensive course of study.
Seminar	conference of specialists.
Seminary	training-college for priests or rabbis etc.
Semiotics	The study of signs and symbols and their use, esp. In language.
Semi-permeable	Allowing small molecules to pass through.
Semiprecious	less valuable than a precious stone.
Semi-professional	Paid for an activity but not relying on it for a living.
Semi-professional	of semi-professionals.
Semi-professional	Semi-professional person.
Semiquaver	Note equal to half a quaver.
Semi-skilled	needing or having some training.
Semi-skimmed	from which some of the cream has been skimmed.
Semite	Member of the peoples said to be descended from shem (gen.
Semite	0), including esp. The jews and arabs.
Semitic	of the semites, esp. The jews.
Semitic	of languages of the family including hebrew and arabic.
Semitone	Half a tone in the musical scale.
Semitropical	= subtropical
Semivowel	sound intermediate between a vowel and a consonant.
Semivowel	letter representing this
Semolina	hard grains left after the milling of flour, used in milk puddings etc.
Semolina	pudding of this.
Semtex	Malleable odourless plastic explosive.
Sen	State enrolled nurse.
Sen.	senior.
Sen.	senator.
Senate	legislative body, esp. The upper and smaller assembly in the us, france, etc.
Senate	governing body of a university or
Senate	a college.
Senate	ancient roman state council.
Senator	Member of a senate.
Send	(past and
Send	Sent)
Send	a order or cause to go or be conveyed.
Send	propel
Send	cause to become
Send	send a message etc.
Send	Grant, bestow, or inflict; bring about; cause to be.
Send	put into ecstasy.
Send	rusticate or expel from a university.
Send	send to prison. Send for
Send	summon.
Send	order by post. Send in
Send	cause to go in.
Send	submit
Send	For a competition etc. Send off
Send	dispatch
Send	attend the departure of
Send	as a sign of respect etc.
Send	sport
Send	order
Send	to leave the field. Send off for = send away for. Send on transmit further or in advance of oneself. Send up
Send	cause to go up.
Send	transmit to a higher authority.
Send	Ridicule by mimicking. Send word send information.
Send-off	Party etc. At the departure of a person, start of a project, etc.
Send-up	Satire, parody.
Senescent	Growing old.
Seneschal	Steward of a medieval great house.
Senile	of old age.
Senile	mentally or physically infirm because of old age.
Senile dementia	Illness of old people with loss of memory and control of bodily functions etc.
Senior	more or most advanced in age, standing, or position.
Senior	senior to a relative of the same name.
Senior	senior person.
Senior	one's elder or superior.
Senior citizen	Old-age pensioner.
Senior nursing officer	Person in charge of nursing services in a hospital.
Senior school	School for children esp. Over the age of
Senior service	Royal navy.
Senna	cassia.
Senna	laxative from the dried pod of this.
Señor	title used of or to a spanish-speaking man.
Señora	Title used of or to a spanish-speaking esp. Married woman.
Señorita	Title used of or to a young esp. Unmarried spanish-speaking woman.
Sensation	feeling in one's body
Sensation	awareness, impression
Sensation	a intense interest, shock, etc. Felt among a large group.
Sensation	person, event, etc., causing this.
Sensation	sense of touch.
Sensational	causing or intended to cause great public excitement etc.
Sensational	dazzling; wonderful
Sensational	. Sensationally
Sensationalism	Use of or interest in the sensational.
Sense	a any of the five bodily faculties transmitting sensation.
Sense	sensitiveness of all or any of these
Sense	ability to perceive or feel.
Sense	consciousness; awareness
Sense	quick or accurate appreciation, understanding, or instinct
Sense	practical wisdom, common sense.
Sense	a meaning of a word etc.
Sense	intelligibility or coherence.
Sense	prevailing opinion
Sense	(in
Sense	) Sanity, ability to think.
Sense	perceive by a sense or senses.
Sense	be vaguely aware of.
Sense	realize.
Sense	Detect.
Sense	regain consciousness.
Sense	regain common sense. In a
Sense	sense if the statement etc. Is understood in a particular way. Make sense be intelligible or practicable. Make sense of show or find the meaning of. Take leave of one's senses go mad.
Senseless	pointless; foolish.
Senseless	unconscious.
Senseless	Senselessness
Sense-organ	Bodily organ conveying external stimuli to the sensory system.
Sensibility	capacity to feel.
Sensibility	a sensitiveness.
Sensibility	exceptional degree of this.
Sensibility	(in
Sensibility	) Tendency to feel offended etc.
Sensible	having or showing wisdom or common sense.
Sensible	a perceptible by the senses.
Sensible	great enough to be perceived.
Sensible	Practical.
Sensible	aware.
Sensitive	acutely susceptible to external stimuli or impressions; having sensibility.
Sensitive	easily offended or hurt.
Sensitive	Responsive to or recording slight changes.
Sensitive	responding
Sensitive	to light.
Sensitive	Requiring tactful treatment or secrecy.
Sensitive	Sensitiveness
Sensitive	Sensitivity
Sensitize	make sensitive.
Sensor	Device for detecting or measuring a physical property.
Sensory	Of sensation or the senses.
Sensual	a of physical, esp. Sexual, pleasure.
Sensual	enjoying or giving this, voluptuous.
Sensual	showing sensuality
Sensual	Sensually
Sensuality	gratification of the senses.
Sensuous	Of or affecting the senses, esp. Aesthetically.
Sensuous	Sensuousness
Sentence	statement, question, exclamation, or command containing or implying a subject and predicate
Sentence	a decision of a lawcourt, esp. The punishment allotted to a convicted criminal.
Sententious	pompously moralizing.
Sententious	affectedly formal in style.
Sententious	aphoristic; using maxims.
Sentient	Capable of perception and feeling.
Sentient	Sentiency
Sentient	Sentiently
Sentiment	mental feeling.
Sentiment	(often in
Sentiment	) What one feels, opinion.
Sentiment	opinion or feeling, as distinct from its expression
Sentiment	emotional or irrational view.
Sentiment	such views collectively, esp. As an influence.
Sentiment	tendency to be swayed by feeling.
Sentiment	a mawkish or exaggerated emotion.
Sentiment	display of this.
Sentimental	of or showing sentiment.
Sentimental	showing or affected by emotion rather than reason.
Sentimental	Sentimentalist
Sentimental	Sentimentality
Sentimental	Sentimentalize
Sentimental	. Sentimentally
Sentimental value	Value given to a thing because of its associations.
Sentinel	Sentry or lookout.
Sentry	soldier etc. Stationed to keep guard.
Sentry-box	Cabin for sheltering a standing sentry.
Sepal	Division or leaf of a calyx.
Separable	Able to be separated.
Separate	Forming a unit by itself, existing apart; disconnected, distinct, or individual.
Separate	(in
Separate	) Trousers, skirts, etc. That are not parts of suits.
Separate	make separate, sever.
Separate	prevent union or contact of.
Separate	go different ways.
Separate	(esp. As separated
Separate	) Cease to live with one's spouse.
Separate	secede.
Separate	a divide or sort into parts or sizes.
Separate	extract or remove
Separate	Separateness
Separation	separating or being separated.
Separation	legal arrangement by which a couple remain married but live apart.
Separatist	Person who favours separation, esp. Political independence.
Separator	Machine for separating, e.g. Cream from milk.
Sephardi	jew of spanish or portuguese descent.
Sepia	dark reddish-brown colour or paint.
Sepia	brown tint used in photography.
Sepoy	Hist. Native indian soldier under european, esp. British, discipline.
Sepsis	Septic condition.
Sept.	September.
Sept	Clan, esp. In ireland.
September	Ninth month of the year.
Septennial	lasting for seven years.
Septennial	recurring every seven years.
Septet	composition for seven performers.
Septet	the performers.
Septet	any group of seven.
Septic	Contaminated with bacteria, putrefying.
Septicaemia	blood-poisoning.
Septicemia	blood-poisoning.
Septic tank	Tank in which sewage is disintegrated through bacterial activity.
Septuagenarian	Person from
Septuagenarian	0 to
Septuagenarian	9 years old.
Septuagesima	Sunday before sexagesima.
Septuagint	Greek version of the old testament including the apocrypha.
Septum	partition such as that between the nostrils or the chambers of a poppy-fruit or of a shell.
Septuple	sevenfold, having seven parts.
Septuple	being seven times as many or as much.
Septuple	Sevenfold number or amount.
Sepulcher	Tomb, esp. Cut in rock or built of stone or brick.
Sepulcher	place in a sepulchre.
Sepulcher	serve as a sepulchre for.
Sepulchral	of a tomb or interment.
Sepulchral	funereal, gloomy.
Sepulchre	Tomb, esp. Cut in rock or built of stone or brick.
Sepulchre	place in a sepulchre.
Sepulchre	serve as a sepulchre for.
Sepulture	Burying, interment.
Sequel	what follows
Sequel	novel, film, etc., that continues the story of an earlier one.
Sequence	succession.
Sequence	order of succession.
Sequence	set of things belonging next to one another; unbroken series.
Sequence	part of a film dealing with one scene or topic.
Sequencer	Programmable electronic device for storing sequences of musical notes, chords, etc., and transmitting them when required to an electronic musical instrument.
Sequential	Forming a sequence or consequence.
Sequester	(esp. As sequestered
Sequester	) Seclude, isolate.
Sequestrate	confiscate.
Sequestrate	take temporary possession of
Sequestrate	Sequestrator
Sequin	Circular spangle, esp. Sewn on to clothing.
Sequoia	Extremely tall californian evergreen conifer.
Seraglio	harem.
Seraglio	hist. Turkish palace.
Seraph	angelic being of the highest order of the celestial hierarchy.
Serb	native of serbia in se europe.
Serb	person of serbian descent.
Serbian	dialect of the serbs.
Serbian	Of serbia.
Serbo-croat	Main official language of yugoslavia, combining serbian and croatian.
Serbo-croat	Of this language.
Serenade	piece of music performed at night, esp. Beneath a lover's window.
Serenade	orchestral suite for a small ensemble.
Serenade	perform a serenade to.
Serendipity	Faculty of making happy discoveries by accident.
Serene	clear and calm.
Serene	tranquil, unperturbed.
Serene	Sereneness
Serene	Serenity
Serf	hist. Labourer who was not allowed to leave the land on which he worked.
Serf	oppressed person, drudge.
Serge	Durable twilled worsted etc. Fabric.
Sergeant	non-commissioned army or raf officer next below warrant-officer.
Sergeant	police officer below inspector.
Sergeant-major	warrant-officer assisting the adjutant of a regiment or battalion.
Serial	(also
Serial	) Story etc. Published, broadcast, or shown in instalments.
Serial	of, in, or forming a series.
Serial	Using transformations of a fixed series of notes (see *series
Serialize	publish or produce in instalments.
Serial killer	Person who murders continually with no apparent motive.
Serial number	Number identifying an item in a series.
Series	number of similar or related things, events, etc.; succession, row, or set.
Series	set of related but individual programmes.
Series	set of related geological strata.
Series	arrangement of the twelve notes of the chromatic scale as a basis for serial music.
Series	set of electrical circuits or components arranged so that the same current passes through each successively.
Serif	Slight projection at the extremities of a printed letter
Serio-comic	Combining the serious and the comic.
Serious	thoughtful, earnest.
Serious	important, demanding consideration.
Serious	not negligible; dangerous, frightening
Serious	sincere, in earnest, not frivolous.
Serious	Intellectual in content or appeal; not popular.
Serious	Seriousness
Serjeant	(in full serjeant-at-law,
Serjeant	Serjeants-at-law) hist. Barrister of the highest rank.
Serjeant-at-arms	official of a court, city, or parliament, with ceremonial duties.
Sermon	spoken or written discourse on religion or morals etc., esp. Delivered in church.
Sermon	admonition, reproof.
Sermonize	moralize
Serous	of or like serum; watery.
Serous	having a serous secretion.
Serpent	snake, esp. Large.
Serpent	sly or treacherous person.
Serpentine	of or like a serpent.
Serpentine	coiling, meandering.
Serpentine	cunning, treacherous.
Serpentine	Soft usu. Dark-green rock, sometimes mottled.
Serps	State earnings-related pension scheme.
Serrated	With a sawlike edge.
Serried	Close together.
Serum	liquid that separates from a clot when blood coagulates, esp. Used for inoculation.
Serum	watery fluid in animal bodies.
Servant	person employed to do domestic duties, esp. In a wealthy household.
Servant	devoted follower or helper.
Serve	do a service for
Serve	be a servant to.
Serve	carry out duties
Serve	be employed in
Serve	a be useful to or serviceable for.
Serve	meet requirements; perform a function.
Serve	a go through a due period of
Serve	go through
Serve	of imprisonment etc.
Serve	present
Serve	to eat.
Serve	act as a waiter.
Serve	a attend to
Serve	supply with
Serve	0 treat
Serve	in a specified way.
Serve	1  a
Serve	deliver
Serve	deliver a writ etc. To.
Serve	Deliver
Serve	To begin or resume play.
Serve	copulate with
Serve	6a, b.
Server	a person who serves.
Server	utensil for serving food.
Server	celebrant's assistant at a mass etc.
Servery	room or counter from which meals etc. Are served.
Service	work, or the doing of work, for another or for a community etc. (often in
Service	: the services of a lawyer).
Service	work done by a machine etc.
Service	assistance or benefit given.
Service	provision or supplying of a public need, e.g. Transport, or (often in
Service	) Of water, gas, electricity, etc.
Service	employment as a servant.
Service	state or period of employment (resigned after
Service	5 years' service).
Service	public or crown department or organization
Service	(in
Service	) The armed forces.
Serviceable	useful or usable; able to render service.
Serviceable	durable but plain.
Service area	Area beside a major road providing petrol, refreshments, toilet facilities, etc.
Service charge	Additional charge for service in a restaurant etc.
Service flat	Flat in which domestic service and sometimes meals are provided for an extra fee.
Service industry	Industry providing services, not goods.
Serviceman	man in the armed forces.
Serviceman	man providing service or maintenance.
Service road	Road serving houses, shops, etc., lying back from the main road.
Servicewoman	Woman in the armed forces.
Serviette	Table-napkin.
Servile	of or like a slave.
Servile	fawning; subservient.
Serving	Quantity of food for one person.
Servitor	servant, attendant.
Servitude	Slavery, subjection.
Servo	powered mechanism producing motion at a higher level of energy than the input level.
Servo	(in
Servo	) Involving this.
Sesame	e. Indian plant with oil-yielding seeds.
Sesame	its seeds.
Sesqui-	Form denoting
Sesqui-	1/2
Sessile	Attached directly by its base without a stalk or peduncle.
Sessile	fixed in one position; immobile.
Session	period devoted to an activity
Session	assembly of a parliament, court, etc.
Session	single meeting for this.
Session	period during which these are regularly held.
Session	academic year.
Sestet	last six lines of a sonnet.
Sestet	sextet.
Set1	(-tt-; past and
Set1	Set)
Set1	put, lay, or stand in a certain position etc.
Set1	apply
Set1	to
Set1	a fix ready or in position.
Set1	dispose suitably for use, action, or display.
Set1	a adjust
Set1	to show the right time.
Set1	adjust
Set1	to sound at the required time.
Set1	a fix, arrange, or mount.
Set1	insert
Set1	in a ring etc.
Set1	make
Set1	ready to operate.
Set1	lay
Set1	for a meal.
Set1	style
Set1	while damp.
Set1	ornament or provide
Set1	0 make or bring into a specified state; cause to be
Set2	group of linked or similar things or persons.
Set2	section of society.
Set2	collection of objects for a specified purpose
Set2	radio or television receiver.
Set2	Group of games counting as a unit towards winning a match.
Set2	math. Collection of things sharing a property.
Set2	direction or position in which something sets or is set.
Set2	slip, shoot, bulb, etc., for planting.
Set-back	Reversal or arrest of progress; relapse.
Set piece	formal or elaborate arrangement, esp. In art or literature.
Set piece	fireworks arranged on scaffolding etc.
Set square	Right-angled triangular plate for drawing lines, esp. At
Set square	0°,
Set square	5°,
Set square	0°, or
Set square	0°.
Setter	Dog of a long-haired breed trained to stand rigid when scenting game.
Set theory	The study or use of sets in mathematics.
Setting	position or manner in which a thing is set.
Setting	immediate surroundings of a house etc.
Setting	period, place, etc., of a story, drama, etc.
Setting	frame etc. For a jewel.
Setting	music to which words are set.
Setting	cutlery etc. For one person at a table.
Setting	level at which a machine is set to operate
Settle1	establish or become established in an abode or lifestyle.
Settle1	a regain calm after disturbance; come to rest.
Settle1	adopt a regular or secure style of life.
Settle1	apply oneself
Settle1	sit, alight, or come down to stay for some time.
Settle1	make or become composed, certain, quiet, or fixed.
Settle1	determine, decide, or agree upon.
Settle1	resolve
Settle1	agree to terminate
Settle1	accept or agree to (esp.
Settle1	less desirable alternative).
Settle1	Pay
Settle1	0 (as settled
Settle1	) Established
Settle1	1 calm
Settle1	2 a colonize.
Settle1	establish colonists in.
Settle1	3 subside; fall to the bottom or on to a surface.
Settle1	pay
Settle1	get revenge on.
Settle2	High-backed wooden bench, often with a box below the seat.
Settlement	settling or being settled.
Settlement	a place occupied by settlers.
Settlement	small village.
Settlement	a political or financial etc. Agreement.
Settlement	arrangement ending a dispute.
Settlement	a terms on which property is given to a person.
Settlement	deed stating these.
Settlement	amount or property given.
Settler	Person who settles abroad.
Set-to	Fight, argument.
Set-up	arrangement or organization.
Set-up	manner, structure, or position of this.
Set-up	instance of setting a person up (see set up
Seven	one more than six.
Seven	symbol for this
Seven	size etc. Denoted by seven.
Seven	seven o'clock.
Sevenfold	seven times as much or as many.
Sevenfold	consisting of seven parts.
Seven seas	the oceans of the world.
Seventeen	one more than sixteen.
Seventeen	symbol for this
Seventeen	size etc. Denoted by seventeen.
Seventh	next after sixth.
Seventh	one of seven equal parts of a thing.
Seventh-day adventists	pl. Sect of adventists observing the sabbath on saturday.
Seventh heaven	State of intense joy.
Seventy	seven times ten.
Seventy	symbol for this
Seventy	(in
Seventy	) Numbers from
Seventy	0 to
Seventy	9, esp. The years of a century or of a person's life.
Sever	Divide, break, or make separate, esp. By cutting
Several	More than two but not many; a few.
Several	Formal separate or respective
Severance	act of severing.
Severance	severed state.
Severance pay	Payment made to an employee on termination of a contract.
Severe	rigorous and harsh
Severe	serious
Severe	forceful
Severe	extreme
Severe	exacting
Severe	plain in style.
Severe	Severity
Seville orange	Bitter orange used for marmalade.
Sew	fasten, join, etc., with a needle and thread or a sewing-machine.
Sew	join or enclose by sewing.
Sew	Satisfactorily arrange or finish; gain control of.
Sewage	Waste matter conveyed in sewers.
Sewage farm	place where sewage is treated.
Sewer	Conduit, usu. Underground, for carrying off drainage water and sewage.
Sewerage	System of, or drainage by, sewers.
Sewing	Material or work to be sewn.
Sewing-machine	Machine for sewing or stitching.
Sewn	Of *sew.
Sex	each of the main groups
Sex	into which living things are categorized on the basis of their reproductive functions
Sex	sexual instincts, desires, etc., or their manifestation.
Sex	Sexual intercourse.
Sex	Of or relating to sex or sexual differences.
Sex	determine the sex of.
Sex	(as sexed
Sex	) Having a specified sexual appetite
Sexagenarian	Person from
Sexagenarian	0 to
Sexagenarian	9 years old.
Sexagesima	Sunday before quinquagesima.
Sex appeal	Sexual attractiveness.
Sex change	Apparent change of sex by hormone treatment and surgery.
Sex chromosome	Chromosome determining the sex of an organism.
Sexism	Prejudice or discrimination, esp. Against women, on the grounds of sex.
Sexless	neither male nor female.
Sexless	lacking sexual desire or attractiveness.
Sex life	Person's sexual activity.
Sex maniac	Person obsessed with sex.
Sex object	Person regarded as an object of sexual gratification.
Sex offender	Person who commits a sexual crime.
Sexology	The study of sexual relationships or practices.
Sex symbol	Person widely noted for sex appeal.
Sextant	Instrument with a graduated arc of
Sextant	0°, used in navigation and surveying for measuring the angular distance of objects by means of mirrors.
Sextet	composition for six performers.
Sextet	the performers.
Sextet	any group of six.
Sexton	Person who looks after a church and churchyard, often acting as bell-ringer and gravedigger.
Sextuple	sixfold.
Sextuple	having six parts.
Sextuple	being six times as many or as much.
Sextuple	Sixfold number or amount.
Sextuplet	Each of six children born at one birth.
Sexual	Of sex, the sexes, or relations between them.
Sexual	Sexually
Sexual intercourse	Method of reproduction involving insertion of the penis into the vagina, usu. Followed by ejaculation.
Sexy	sexually attractive, stimulating, or aroused.
Sexy	Exciting, trendy.
Sexy	Sexiness
Sf	Science fiction.
Sf	Sforzando.
Sforzando	With sudden emphasis.
Sforzando	suddenly emphasized note or group of notes.
Sforzando	increase in emphasis and loudness.
Sgt.	Sergeant.
Shabby	faded and worn, dingy, dilapidated.
Shabby	contemptible
Shabby	Shabbiness
Shack	Roughly built hut or cabin.
Shack	cohabit, esp. As lovers.
Shackle	metal loop or link, closed by a bolt, used to connect chains etc.
Shackle	fetter for the ankle or wrist.
Shackle	(usu. In
Shackle	) Restraint, impediment.
Shackle	fetter, impede, restrain.
Shad	large edible marine fish.
Shaddock	largest citrus fruit, with a thick yellow skin and bitter pulp.
Shaddock	tree bearing these.
Shade	comparative darkness
Shade	given by shelter from direct light and heat.
Shade	area so sheltered.
Shade	darker part of a picture etc.
Shade	colour, esp. As darker or lighter than one similar.
Shade	comparative obscurity.
Shade	slight amount
Shade	lampshade.
Shade	screen against the light.
Shade	(in
Shade	) Esp. Us
Shade	Sunglasses.
Shade	0 literary ghost.
Shade	1 (in
Shade	; foll. By of) reminder of, suggesting
Shade	screen from light.
Shade	cover, moderate, or exclude the light of.
Shade	darken, esp. With parallel lines to show shadow etc.
Shade	pass or change gradually.
Shading	Light and shade shown on a map or drawing by parallel lines etc.
Shadow	shade; patch of shade.
Shadow	dark shape projected by a body intercepting rays of light.
Shadow	inseparable attendant or companion.
Shadow	person secretly following another.
Shadow	slightest trace
Shadow	weak or insubstantial remnant
Shadow	Denoting members of an opposition party holding posts parallel to those of the government
Shadow	shaded part of a picture.
Shadow	gloom or sadness.
Shadow	cast a shadow over.
Shadow	secretly follow and watch.
Shadow-boxing	Boxing with an imaginary opponent as training.
Shadowy	like or having a shadow.
Shadowy	vague, indistinct.
Shady	giving shade.
Shady	situated in shade.
Shady	disreputable; of doubtful honesty.
Shady	Shadiness
Shaft	narrow usu. Vertical space, for access to a mine, or
Shaft	for a lift, ventilation, etc.
Shaft	a ray
Shaft	bolt
Shaft	stem or handle of a tool etc.
Shaft	long narrow part supporting, connecting, or driving thicker part
Shaft	etc.
Shaft	arrow, spear.
Shaft	its long slender stem.
Shaft	hurtful or provocative remark
Shaft	each of the pair of poles between which a horse is harnessed to a vehicle.
Shaft	central stem of a feather.
Shaft	column, esp. Between the base and capital.
Shag1	kind of cut tobacco.
Shag1	a rough mass of hair etc.
Shag1	with a long rough pile
Shag1	cormorant, esp. The crested cormorant.
Shag2	have sexual intercourse with.
Shag2	exhaust, tire out.
Shaggy	hairy, rough-haired.
Shaggy	unkempt.
Shaggy-dog story	Long rambling joke, amusing only by its pointlessness.
Shagreen	a kind of untanned granulated leather.
Shagreen	sharkskin.
Shah	Hist. Former monarch of iran.
Shake	(-king; past shook;
Shake	Shaken)
Shake	move forcefully or quickly up and down or to and fro.
Shake	tremble or vibrate.
Shake	agitate, shock, or upset the composure of.
Shake	weaken or impair in courage, effectiveness, etc.
Shake	Tremble; trill.
Shake	gesture with
Shake	Shake hands
Shake	shaking or being shaken.
Shake	jerk or shock.
Shake	(in
Shake	; prec. By the)
Shake	Fit of trembling.
Shake	Trill.
Shake	Mediocre, poor. Shake down
Shake	settle or cause to fall by shaking.
Shake	settle down; become established. Shake hands
Shake	clasp hands as a greeting, farewell, in congratulation, as confirmation of a deal, etc. Shake one's head turn one's head from side to side in refusal, denial, disapproval, or concern. Shake off get rid of or evade
Shake	. Shake out
Shake	empty by shaking.
Shake	open
Shake	By shaking. Shake up
Shake	mix by shaking.
Shake	restore to shape by shaking.
Shaker	person or thing that shakes.
Shaker	container for shaking together the ingredients of cocktails etc.
Shakespearian	of shakespeare.
Shake-up	Upheaval or drastic reorganization.
Shako	cylindrical plumed peaked military hat.
Shaky	unsteady; trembling.
Shaky	unsound, infirm.
Shaky	unreliable.
Shaky	Shakiness
Shale	Soft rock of consolidated mud or clay that splits easily.
Shall	aux. (3rd sing. Present shall;
Shall	nd sing. Present shalt; past should)
Shall	(in the
Shall	st person) expressing the future tense or
Shall	emphatic intention
Shall	(in the
Shall	nd and
Shall	rd persons) expressing a strong assertion, command, or duty
Shall	(in
Shall	nd-person questions) expressing an enquiry, esp. To avoid the form of a request
Shallot	Onion-like plant with a cluster of small bulbs.
Shallow	of little depth.
Shallow	superficial, trivial.
Shallow	(often in
Shallow	) Shallow place.
Shalom	Jewish salutation at meeting or parting.
Shalt	nd person sing. Of *shall.
Sham	feign, pretend.
Sham	pretend to be.
Sham	imposture, pretence.
Sham	bogus or false person or thing.
Sham	Pretended, counterfeit.
Shaman	Witch-doctor or priest claiming to communicate with gods etc.
Shamble	walk or run awkwardly, dragging the feet.
Shamble	Shambling gait.
Shambles	pl.
Shambles	Mess, muddle.
Shambles	butcher's slaughterhouse.
Shambles	scene of carnage.
Shambolic	Chaotic, unorganized.
Shame	distress or humiliation caused by consciousness of one's guilt, dishonour, or folly.
Shame	capacity for feeling this.
Shame	state of disgrace or discredit.
Shame	a person or thing that brings disgrace etc.
Shame	thing that is wrong or regrettable.
Shame	bring shame on; make ashamed; put to shame.
Shame	force by shame
Shamefaced	showing shame.
Shamefaced	bashful, shy.
Shameful	Disgraceful, scandalous.
Shameful	Shamefulness
Shameless	having or showing no shame.
Shameless	impudent.
Shampoo	liquid for washing the hair.
Shampoo	similar substance for washing cars, carpets, etc.
Shampoo	wash with shampoo.
Shamrock	Trefoil, used as an emblem of ireland.
Shandy	beer with lemonade or ginger beer.
Shanghai	Trick or force someone into doing something.
Shanghai	trick or force
Shanghai	into serving as a sailor.
Shank	a leg.
Shank	lower part of the leg.
Shank	shin-bone.
Shank	shaft or stem, esp. The part of a tool etc. Joining the handle to the working end.
Shanks's mare	one's own legs as transport.
Shan't	Shall not.
Shantung	Soft undressed chinese silk.
Shanty1	hut or cabin.
Shanty1	shack.
Shanty2	sailors' work song.
Shanty town	Area with makeshift housing.
Shape	effect produced by a thing's outline.
Shape	external form or appearance.
Shape	specific form or guise
Shape	good or specified condition
Shape	person or thing seen in outline or indistinctly.
Shape	mould or pattern.
Shape	moulded jelly etc.
Shape	piece of material, paper, etc., made or cut in a particular form.
Shape	give a certain shape or form to; fashion, create.
Shape	influence
Shape	show signs of developing; show promise.
Shape	adapt or make conform.
Shapeless	Lacking definite or attractive shape.
Shapely	pleasing in appearance, elegant, well-proportioned.
Shard	Broken piece of pottery or glass etc.
Share1	portion of a whole allotted to or taken from a person.
Share1	each of the equal parts into which a company's capital is divided, entitling its owner to a proportion of the profits.
Share1	Have or use with another or others; get, have, or give a share of
Share1	participate.
Share1	divide and distribute
Share1	have in common
Shareholder	Owner of shares in a company.
Share-out	Act of sharing out, distribution.
Shark1	Large voracious marine fish.
Shark2	Swindler, profiteer.
Sharkskin	skin of a shark.
Sharkskin	smooth slightly shiny fabric.
Sharp	having an edge or point able to cut or pierce.
Sharp	tapering to a point or edge.
Sharp	abrupt, steep, angular.
Sharp	well-defined, clean-cut.
Sharp	a severe or intense.
Sharp	Pungent, acid.
Sharp	Shrill and piercing.
Sharp	Harsh.
Sharp	acute; quick to understand.
Sharp	artful, unscrupulous.
Sharp	0 vigorous or brisk.
Sharp	Above the normal pitch; a semitone higher than a specified pitch
Sharp	note a semitone above natural pitch.
Sharp	sign indicating this.
Sharp	Swindler, cheat.
Sharp	punctually
Sharp	suddenly
Sharp	at a sharp angle.
Sharp	Above true pitch
Sharp	Sharpness
Sharpen	Make or become sharp.
Sharper	Swindler, esp. At cards.
Sharpish	Fairly sharp.
Sharpish	fairly sharply.
Sharpish	quite quickly.
Sharp practice	Dishonest or dubious dealings.
Sharpshooter	Skilled marksman.
Sharp-witted	Keenly perceptive or intelligent.
Shatter	break suddenly in pieces.
Shatter	severely damage or destroy.
Shatter	greatly upset or discompose.
Shatter	(usu. As shattered
Shatter	Exhaust.
Shave	(-ving;
Shave	Shaved or (as
Shave	) Shaven)
Shave	remove
Shave	with a razor.
Shave	Remove bristles or hair with a razor from
Shave	reduce by a small amount.
Shave	pare
Shave	To shape it.
Shave	miss or pass narrowly.
Shave	shaving or being shaved.
Shave	narrow miss or escape.
Shave	tool for shaving wood etc.
Shaver	thing that shaves.
Shaver	electric razor.
Shaver	Young lad.
Shavian	Of or like the writings of g. B. Shaw.
Shavian	Admirer of shaw.
Shaving	Thin strip cut off wood etc.
Shawl	Large usu. Rectangular piece of fabric worn over the shoulders or head, or wrapped round a baby.
She	(obj. Her;
She	Her;
She	They) the woman, girl, female animal, ship, or country, etc. Previously named or in question.
She	female; woman.
She	(in
She	) Female
S/he	Written representation of ‘he or she’ used to indicate either sex.
Sheaf	bundle of things laid lengthways together and usu. Tied, esp. Reaped corn or a collection of papers.
Sheaf	Make into sheaves.
Shear	(past sheared;
Shear	Shorn or sheared)
Shear	Clip the wool off
Shear	remove or take off by cutting.
Shear	cut with scissors or shears etc.
Shear	a strip bare.
Shear	deprive.
Shear	distort, be distorted, or break, from structural strain.
Shear	strain produced by pressure in the structure of a substance.
Shear	(in
Shear	Large scissor-shaped clipping or cutting instrument.
Sheath	close-fitting cover, esp. For the blade of a knife or sword.
Sheath	condom.
Sheath	enclosing case, covering, or tissue.
Sheath	woman's close-fitting dress.
Sheathe	put into a sheath.
Sheathe	encase; protect with a sheath.
Sheath knife	Dagger-like knife carried in a sheath.
Sheave	make into sheaves.
Sheaves	Of *sheaf.
Shebeen	Esp. Ir. Unlicensed drinking place.
Shed1	One-storeyed usu. Wooden structure for storage or shelter, or as a workshop.
Shed2	(-dd-; past and
Shed2	Shed)
Shed2	let, or cause to, fall off
Shed2	take off
Shed2	reduce
Shed2	by disconnection etc.
Shed2	cause to fall or flow
Shed2	disperse, diffuse, radiate
Shed2	get rid of (ibm are shedding
Shed2	00 jobs; shed your inhibitions).
She'd	she had.
She'd	she would.
Sheen	gloss or lustre.
Sheen	brightness.
Sheep	mammal with a thick woolly coat, esp. Kept for its wool or meat.
Sheep	timid, silly, or easily-led person.
Sheep	(usu. In
Sheep	) Member of a minister's congregation.
Sheep-dip	Preparation or place for cleansing sheep of vermin by dipping.
Sheepdog	dog trained to guard and herd sheep.
Sheepdog	dog of a breed suitable for this.
Sheepfold	Pen for sheep.
Sheepish	Embarrassed or shy; ashamed.
Sheepshank	Knot for shortening a rope temporarily.
Sheepskin	(often
Sheepskin	) Sheep's skin with the wool on.
Sheepskin	leather from sheep's skin.
Sheer1	mere, complete
Sheer1	Perpendicular.
Sheer1	diaphanous.
Sheer1	Directly, perpendicularly.
Sheer2	esp.
Sheer2	Swerve or change course.
Sheer2	turn away, esp. From a person or topic one dislikes or fears.
Sheet1	large rectangle of cotton etc. Used esp. In pairs as inner bedclothes.
Sheet1	broad usu. Thin flat piece of paper, metal, etc.
Sheet1	wide expanse of water, ice, flame, falling rain, etc.
Sheet1	page of unseparated postage stamps.
Sheet1	derog. Newspaper.
Sheet1	provide or cover with sheets.
Sheet1	form into sheets.
Sheet1	Fall in sheets.
Sheet2	Rope or chain attached to the lower corner of a sail to hold or control it.
Sheet anchor	emergency reserve anchor.
Sheet anchor	person or thing depended on in the last resort.
Sheeting	Material for making bed linen.
Sheet metal	Metal rolled or hammered etc. Into thin sheets.
Sheet music	Music published in sheets, not bound.
Sheikh	chief or head of an arab tribe, family, or village.
Sheikh	muslim leader.
Sheila	Austral.
Sheila	girl, young woman.
Shekel	chief monetary unit of modern israel.
Shekel	hist. Silver coin and unit of weight in ancient israel etc.
Shekel	(in
Shekel	Money; riches.
Shelduck	(pl. Same or -s; masc. Sheldrake,
Shelduck	Same or -s) bright-plumaged wild duck.
Shelf	wooden etc. Board projecting from a wall, or as part of a unit, used to store things.
Shelf	a projecting horizontal ledge in a cliff face etc.
Shelf	reef or sandbank.
Shelf	regarded as too old to hope for marriage.
Shelf	put aside as if no longer useful.
Shelf-life	Time for which a stored item remains usable.
Shelf-mark	Code on a library book showing where it is kept.
Shell	a hard outer case of many molluscs, the tortoise, etc.
Shell	hard but fragile case of an egg.
Shell	hard outer case of a nut-kernel, seed, etc.
Shell	a explosive projectile for use in a big gun etc.
Shell	hollow container for fireworks, cartridges, etc.
Shell	shell-like thing, esp.: a a light racing-boat.
Shell	the metal framework of a vehicle etc.
Shell	the walls of an unfinished or gutted building, ship, etc.
Shell	remove the shell or pod from.
Shell	bombard with shells.
Shell	Pay
Shell	Shell-like
She'll	She will; she shall.
Shellac	Resin used for making varnish.
Shellac	varnish with shellac.
Shelled	having a shell.
Shelled	with its shell removed.
Shellfish	aquatic mollusc with a shell.
Shellfish	crustacean.
Shell-shock	Nervous breakdown caused by warfare.
Shelta	Ancient hybrid secret language used by irish tinkers, gypsies, etc.
Shelter	protection from danger, bad weather, etc.
Shelter	place giving shelter or refuge.
Shelter	act or serve as a shelter to; protect; conceal; defend.
Shelter	find refuge; take cover.
Shelve	put aside, esp. Temporarily.
Shelve	put
Shelve	On a shelf.
Shelve	fit with shelves.
Shelve	Slope.
Shelves	Of *shelf.
Shemozzle	brawl or commotion.
Shemozzle	muddle.
Shenanigan	(esp. In
Shenanigan	Mischievous or dubious behaviour, carryings-on.
Shepherd	person employed to tend sheep.
Shepherd	member of the clergy in charge of a congregation.
Shepherd	a tend
Shepherd	guide
Shepherd	marshal or drive
Shepherd	Like sheep.
Sheraton	(often
Sheraton	) Style of english furniture c.1790.
Sherbet	flavoured sweet effervescent powder or drink.
Sherbet	drink of sweet diluted fruit juices.
Sheriff	chief executive officer of the crown in a county, administering justice etc.
Sheriff	honorary officer elected annually in some towns.
Sheriff	us elected chief law-enforcing officer in a county.
Sheriff	scot. Chief judge of a county or district.
Sherpa	member of a himalayan people living on the borders of nepal and tibet.
Sherry	fortified wine orig. From s. Spain.
Sherry	glass of this.
She's	she is.
She's	she has.
Shetland pony	Pony of a small hardy rough-coated breed.
Shew	var. Of *show.
Shiatsu	Japanese therapy in which pressure is applied, chiefly with fingers and hands, to specific points on the body.
Shibboleth	Long-standing formula, doctrine, or phrase, etc., held to be true by a party or sect.
Shield	a piece of armour held in front of the body for protection when fighting.
Shield	person or thing giving protection.
Shield	shield-shaped trophy.
Shield	protective plate or screen in machinery etc.
Shield	heraldry stylized representation of a shield for displaying a coat of arms etc.
Shield	Protect or screen.
Shift	change or move from one position to another.
Shift	remove, esp. With effort.
Shift	a hurry.
Shift	consume
Shift	us change
Shift	in a vehicle.
Shift	act of shifting.
Shift	a relay of workers.
Shift	time for which they work.
Shift	a device, stratagem, or expedient.
Shift	trick or evasion.
Shift	woman's straight unwaisted dress or petticoat.
Shift	physics displacement of a spectral line.
Shift	key on a keyboard used to switch between lower and upper case etc.
Shift	us a gear lever in a vehicle.
Shift	mechanism for this.
Shiftless	Lacking resourcefulness; lazy.
Shifty	evasive; deceitful.
Shifty	Shiftiness
Shiite	Adherent of the branch of islam rejecting the first three sunni caliphs.
Shiite	Of this branch.
Shillelagh	Irish cudgel.
Shilling	hist. Former british coin and monetary unit worth one-twentieth of a pound.
Shilling	monetary unit in kenya, tanzania, and uganda.
Shilly-shally	be undecided; vacillate.
Shim	Thin wedge in machinery etc. To make parts fit.
Shim	fit or fill up with a shim.
Shimmer	Shine tremulously or faintly.
Shimmer	Tremulous or faint light.
Shin	front of the leg below the knee.
Shin	cut of beef from this part.
Shin	climb quickly by clinging with the arms and legs.
Shindig	lively noisy party.
Shindy	brawl, disturbance, or noise.
Shine	(-ning; past and
Shine	Shone or shined)
Shine	emit or reflect light; be bright; glow.
Shine	Be visible.
Shine	cause
Shine	To shine.
Shine	(past and
Shine	Shined) polish.
Shine	be brilliant; excel.
Shine	light; brightness.
Shine	high polish; lustre.
Shine	Take a fancy to.
Shiner	Black eye.
Shingle1	Small smooth pebbles, esp. On the sea-shore.
Shingle2	rectangular wooden tile used on roofs etc.
Shingle2	a shingled hair.
Shingle2	shingling of hair.
Shingle2	roof with shingles.
Shingle2	a cut
Shingle2	short.
Shingle2	cut the hair of
Shingle2	in this way.
Shingles	pl.
Shingles	Acute painful viral inflammation of the nerve ganglia, with a rash often encircling the body.
Shinto	Japanese religion with the worship of ancestors and nature-spirits.
Shinto	Shintoist
Shinty	game like hockey, but with taller goalposts.
Shinty	stick or ball used in this.
Shiny	having a shine.
Shiny	with the nap worn off.
Ship	large seagoing vessel.
Ship	us aircraft.
Ship	spaceship.
Ship	put, take, or send away in a ship.
Ship	a take in
Ship	over a ship's side etc.
Ship	lay
Ship	at the bottom of a boat.
Ship	fix
Ship	In place.
Ship	a embark.
Ship	take service on a ship.
Ship	deliver
Ship	to an agent for forwarding.
-ship	forming nouns denoting:
-ship	quality or condition
-ship	status, office, etc.
-ship	tenure of office
-ship	specific skill
-ship	members of a group
Shipboard	Used or occurring on board a ship.
Shipbuilder	Person, company, etc., that constructs ships.
Ship-canal	Canal large enough for ships.
Shipload	As many goods or passengers as a ship can hold.
Shipmate	Fellow member of a ship's crew.
Shipment	amount of goods shipped.
Shipment	act of shipping goods etc.
Shipowner	Owner of a ship, ships, or shares in ships.
Shipper	Person or company that ships goods.
Shipping	transport of goods etc.
Shipping	ships, esp.
Shipping	navy.
Ship's boat	Small boat carried on board a ship.
Shipshape	adj. Trim, neat, tidy.
Shipwreck	a destruction of a ship by a storm, foundering, etc.
Shipwreck	ship so destroyed.
Shipwreck	ruin of hopes, dreams, etc.
Shipwreck	inflict shipwreck on.
Shipwreck	suffer shipwreck.
Shipwright	shipbuilder.
Shipwright	ship's carpenter.
Shipyard	Place where ships are built etc.
Shire	County.
Shire-horse	Heavy powerful draught-horse.
Shirk	Avoid
Shirr	Elasticated gathered threads in a garment etc. Forming smocking.
Shirr	Gather
Shirr	with parallel threads.
Shirt	Upper-body garment of cotton etc., usu. Front-opening.
Shirt	Keep one's temper. Put one's shirt on
Shirt	Bet all one has on.
Shirt	Shirtless
Shirtsleeve	(usu. In
Shirtsleeve	) Sleeve of a shirt.
Shirt-tail	Curved part of a shirt below the waist.
Shirtwaister	Woman's dress with a bodice like a shirt.
Shirty	Angry; annoyed.
Shirty	Shirtiness
Shish kebab	Pieces of meat and vegetables grilled on skewers.
Shit	faeces.
Shit	act of defecating.
Shit	contemptible person.
Shit	nonsense.
Shit	Exclamation of anger etc.
Shit	(-tt-; past and
Shit	Shitted, shat or shit) defecate or cause the defecation of
Shitty	disgusting, contemptible.
Shitty	covered with excrement.
Shiver1	Tremble with cold, fear, etc.
Shiver1	momentary shivering movement.
Shiver1	(in
Shiver1	, prec. By the) attack of shivering.
Shiver2	(esp. In
Shiver2	) Small fragment or splinter.
Shiver2	Break into shivers.
Shoal1	Multitude, esp of fish swimming together.
Shoal1	form shoals.
Shoal2	a area of shallow water.
Shoal2	submerged sandbank visible at low water.
Shoal2	(esp. In
Shoal2	) Hidden danger.
Shoal2	get shallower.
Shock1	violent collision, impact, tremor, etc.
Shock1	sudden and disturbing effect on the emotions etc.
Shock1	acute prostration following a wound, pain, etc.
Shock1	disturbance in the stability of an organization etc.
Shock1	a horrify; outrage.
Shock1	Cause shock.
Shock1	affect with an electric or pathological shock.
Shock2	Group of corn-sheaves in a field.
Shock2	Arrange
Shock2	in shocks.
Shock3	Unkempt or shaggy mass of hair.
Shock absorber	Device on a vehicle etc. For absorbing shocks, vibrations, etc.
Shocker	shocking person or thing.
Shocker	sensational novel etc.
Shocking	causing shock; scandalous.
Shocking	Very bad.
Shocking pink	(as
Shocking pink	Often hyphenated) vibrant shade of pink.
Shockproof	Resistant to the effects of
Shockproof	shock.
Shock therapy	treatment of depressive patients by electric shock etc.
Shock troops	pl. Troops specially trained for assault.
Shock wave	moving region of high air pressure caused by an explosion or by a supersonic body.
Shock wave	wave of emotional shock
Shoddy	poorly made.
Shoddy	counterfeit.
Shoddy	Shoddiness
Shoe	protective foot-covering of leather etc., esp. One not reaching above the ankle.
Shoe	protective metal rim for a horse's hoof.
Shoe	thing like a shoe in shape or use.
Shoe	(shoes, shoeing; past and
Shoe	Shod)
Shoe	fit (esp.
Shoe	horse etc.) With a shoe or shoes.
Shoe	(as shod
Shoe	) (in
Shoe	) Having shoes etc. Of a specified kind
Shoehorn	Curved implement for easing the heel into a shoe.
Shoelace	Cord for lacing up shoes.
Shoemaker	Maker of boots and shoes.
Shoestring	shoelace.
Shoestring	Small esp. Inadequate amount of money.
Shoe-tree	Shaped block for keeping a shoe in shape.
Shoo	Exclamation used to frighten away animals etc.
Shoo	utter the word ‘shoo!’.
Shoo	drive away by shooing.
Shoot	(past and
Shoot	Shot)
Shoot	a
Shoot	Cause
Shoot	to fire.
Shoot	kill or wound with a bullet, arrow, etc.
Shoot	send out, discharge, etc., esp. Swiftly.
Shoot	Come or go swiftly or vigorously.
Shoot	a
Shoot	Put forth buds etc.
Shoot	Appear.
Shoot	hunt game etc. With a gun.
Shoot	film or photograph.
Shoot	Esp. Football a score
Shoot	take a shot at
Shoot	sweep swiftly down or under
Shoot	seem to stab.
Shoot	inject
Shoot	a young branch or sucker.
Shoot	new growth of a plant.
Shoot	a hunting party, expedition, etc.
Shoot	land shot over for game.
Shoot	Invitation to ask questions etc.
Shoot	kill by shooting.
Shoot	cause
Shoot	To crash by shooting.
Shoot	argue effectively against. Shoot one's bolt
Shoot	Do all that is in one's power. Shoot one's mouth off
Shoot	talk too much or indiscreetly. Shoot up
Shoot	grow rapidly.
Shoot	rise suddenly.
Shoot	terrorize by indiscriminate shooting. The whole shoot
Shoot	Everything.
Shooting-brake	estate car.
Shooting star	Small rapidly moving meteor.
Shooting-stick	Walking-stick with a foldable seat.
Shop	place for the retail sale of goods or services.
Shop	act of going shopping
Shop	place for manufacture or repair
Shop	one's profession etc. As a subject of conversation
Shop assistant	Person serving in a shop.
Shop-floor	production area in a factory etc.
Shop-floor	workers as distinct from management.
Shopkeeper	Owner or manager of a shop.
Shoplift	Steal goods while appearing to shop.
Shopping	(often
Shopping	) Purchase of goods etc.
Shopping	goods purchased.
Shopping centre	Area or complex of shops.
Shop-soiled	Soiled or faded by display in a shop.
Shop steward	Elected representative of workers in a factory etc.
Shopwalker	Supervisor in a large shop.
Shore1	land adjoining the sea, a lake etc.
Shore1	(usu. In
Shore1	) Country
Shore2	Prop or beam set against a ship, wall, etc., as a support.
Shore2	support
Shore2	with a shore or shores; hold up.
Shoreline	Line where shore and water meet.
Shorn	Of *shear.
Short	a measuring little from head to foot, top to bottom, or end to end; not long.
Short	not long in duration.
Short	seeming short
Short	deficient; scanty
Short	not far-reaching; acting or being near at hand
Short	a concise; brief.
Short	curt; uncivil.
Short	unable to remember distant events.
Short	having the lesser of the two recognized durations.
Short	easily crumbled.
Short	Sold or selling when the amount is not in hand, with reliance on getting the deficit at a lower price in time for delivery.
Short	undiluted.
Short	nearly even.
Short	before the natural or expected time or place; abruptly.
Short	rudely.
Short	short circuit.
Short	Short drink.
Short	short film.
Short	Short-circuit.
Short	be put at a disadvantage.
Short	Urgently need to use the lavatory. Be short for be an abbreviation for. Come short of = fall short of. For short as a short name
Short	. In short briefly. Short of
Short	see sense
Short	a of
Short	less than
Short	distant from
Short	without going so far as
Short	. Short on
Short	See sense
Short	a of
Short	Shortness
Shortage	deficiency; lack.
Short back and sides	Short simple haircut.
Shortbread	Rich biscuit of butter, flour, and sugar.
Shortcake	cake of short pastry filled with fruit and cream.
Short-change	Cheat, esp. By giving insufficient change.
Short circuit	Electric circuit through small resistance, esp. Instead of the resistance of a normal circuit.
Short circuit	cause a short circuit
Short circuit	shorten or avoid by taking a more direct route etc.
Shortcoming	Deficiency; defect.
Shortcrust	a type of crumbly pastry.
Short cut	route shorter than the usual one.
Short cut	quick method.
Shorten	Become or make shorter or short.
Shortening	Fat for pastry.
Shortfall	Deficit.
Shorthand	(often
Shorthand	) System of rapid writing using special symbols.
Shorthand	abbreviated or symbolic mode of expression.
Short-handed	Understaffed.
Shorthand typist	Typist qualified in shorthand.
Shorthorn	Animal of a breed of cattle with short horns.
Short list	List of selected candidates from which a final choice is made.
Short list	put on a short list.
Short-lived	Ephemeral.
Shortly	soon.
Shortly	in a few words; curtly.
Short-range	having a short range.
Short-range	relating to the immediate future.
Shorts	trousers reaching to the knees or higher.
Shorts	us underpants.
Short shrift	Curt or dismissive treatment.
Short sight	Inability to focus on distant objects.
Short-sighted	having short sight.
Short-sighted	lacking imagination or foresight.
Short-sighted	Short-sightedness
Short-staffed	Understaffed.
Short temper	Temper easily lost.
Short-term	Of or for a short period of time.
Short wave	Radio wave of frequency greater than
Short wave	mhz.
Short weight	Weight less than it is alleged to be.
Short-winded	Easily becoming breathless.
Shorty	Person or garment shorter than average.
Shot1	firing of a gun, cannon, etc.
Shot1	attempt to hit by shooting or throwing etc.
Shot1	a single non-explosive missile for a gun etc.
Shot1	small lead pellet used in quantity in a single charge.
Shot1	) These collectively.
Shot1	a photograph.
Shot1	continuous film sequence.
Shot1	a stroke or a kick in a ball game. B
Shot1	Attempt, guess
Shot1	Person of specified shooting skill
Shot1	ball thrown by a shot-putter.
Shot1	launch of a space rocket.
Shot1	range etc. To or at which a thing will carry or act.
Shot1	drink of esp. Spirits.
Shot1	injection of a drug etc.
Shot1	Without hesitation; willingly.
Shotgun	Gun for firing small shot at short range.
Shotgun wedding	Wedding enforced because of the bride's pregnancy.
Shot in the arm	Stimulus or encouragement.
Shot in the dark	Mere guess.
Shot-put	Athletic contest in which a shot is thrown.
Should	aux.
Should	past of *shall, used esp.:
Should	in reported speech
Should	a to express obligation or likelihood
Should	to express a tentative suggestion
Should	a expressing the conditional mood in the
Should	st person
Should	forming a conditional clause
Shoulder	part of the body at which the arm, foreleg, or wing is attached.
Shoulder	either of the two projections below the neck.
Shoulder	upper foreleg of an animal as meat.
Shoulder	(often in
Shoulder	) Shoulder regarded as supportive, comforting, etc.
Shoulder	strip of land next to a road.
Shoulder	the part of a garment covering the shoulder.
Shoulder	a push with the shoulder.
Shoulder	make one's way thus.
Shoulder	take on
Shoulder	side by side.
Shoulder	with united effort.
Shoulder bag	Bag hung from the shoulder by a strap.
Shoulder-blade	Either of the large flat bones of the upper back.
Shoulder-length	Reaching to the shoulders.
Shoulder-pad	Pad in a garment to bulk out the shoulder.
Shoulder-strap	strip of cloth going over the shoulder from front to back of a garment.
Shoulder-strap	strap suspending a bag etc. From the shoulder.
Shoulder-strap	strip of cloth from shoulder to collar, esp. On a military uniform.
Shouldn't	Should not.
Shout	speak or cry loudly.
Shout	say or express loudly.
Shout	loud cry of joy etc., or calling attention.
Shout	One's turn to buy a round of drinks etc.
Shove	Push vigorously.
Shove	Put casually
Shove	Act of shoving.
Shove	start from the shore in a boat.
Shove	depart.
Shove-halfpenny	Form of shovelboard played with coins etc. On a table.
Shovel	spadelike tool with raised sides, for shifting coal etc.
Shovel	a machine with a similar form or function.
Shovel	move
Shovel	with a shovel.
Shovel	Move in large quantities or roughly
Shovelboard	Game played esp. On a ship's deck by pushing discs over a marked surface.
Shoveller	duck with a shovel-like beak.
Show	be, allow, or cause to be, visible; manifest
Show	offer for scrutiny etc.
Show	a indicate
Show	accord, grant
Show	Be manifest
Show	a demonstrate; point out; prove
Show	Instruct by example
Show	Exhibit oneself
Show	exhibit in a show.
Show	Conduct or lead
Show	= show up
Show	showing.
Show	spectacle, display, exhibition, etc.
Show	public entertainment or performance.
Show	a outward appearance or display.
Show	empty appearance; mere display.
Show	Undertaking, business, etc.
Show	med. Discharge of blood etc. At the onset of childbirth.
Show	That was well
Show	done. On show being exhibited. Show one's hand disclose one's plans. Show off
Show	display to advantage.
Show	Act pretentiously. Show up
Show	make or be conspicuous or clearly visible.
Show	expose or humiliate.
Show	Appear; arrive. Show willing show a willingness to help etc.
Show business	Theatrical profession.
Showcase	glass case for exhibiting goods etc.
Showcase	event etc. Designed to exhibit someone or something to advantage.
Showcase	display in or as if in a showcase.
Showdown	Final test or confrontation.
Shower	brief fall of rain, snow, etc.
Shower	a brisk flurry of bullets, dust, etc.
Shower	sudden copious arrival of gifts, honours, etc.
Shower	a cubicle, bath, etc. In which one stands under a spray of water.
Shower	apparatus etc. Used for this.
Shower	act of bathing in a shower.
Shower	us party for giving presents to a prospective bride etc.
Shower	contemptible person or group.
Shower	discharge
Shower	In a shower.
Shower	take a shower.
Shower	lavishly bestow
Shower	descend in a shower.
Showerproof	Resistant to light rain.
Showgirl	Female singer and dancer in musicals, variety shows, etc.
Show house	furnished and decorated new house etc., on show to prospective buyers.
Showing	display, performance.
Showing	quality of performance.
Showing	presentation of a case; evidence.
Showjumping	Sport of riding horses competitively over a course of fences etc.
Showman	proprietor or manager of a circus etc.
Showman	person skilled in publicity, esp. Self-advertisement.
Shown	Of *show.
Show-off	Person who shows off.
Show of hands	Raised hands indicating a vote for or against.
Show-piece	item presented for display.
Show-piece	outstanding specimen.
Show-place	Tourist attraction.
Showroom	Room used to display goods for sale.
Show-stopper	Act in a show receiving prolonged applause.
Show trial	Judicial trial designed to frighten or impress the public.
Showy	brilliant; gaudy.
Showy	striking.
Showy	Showiness
Shrapnel	fragments of an exploded bomb etc.
Shrapnel	shell containing pieces of metal etc., timed to burst short of impact.
Shred	scrap or fragment.
Shred	least amount
Shred	tear or cut into shreds.
Shrew	small mouselike long-nosed mammal.
Shrew	bad-tempered or scolding woman.
Shrew	(in sense
Shrewd	Astute; clever and judicious.
Shrewd	Shrewdness
Shriek	Shrill scream or sound.
Shriek	Make or utter in a shriek.
Shrike	Bird with a strong hooked and toothed bill.
Shrill	piercing and high-pitched in sound.
Shrill	derog. Sharp, unrestrained.
Shrill	Utter with or make a shrill sound.
Shrill	Shrilly
Shrimp	small edible crustacean, turning pink when boiled.
Shrimp	Very small person.
Shrimp	Try to catch shrimps.
Shrine	esp. Rc ch.
Shrine	place for special worship or devotion.
Shrine	tomb or reliquary.
Shrine	place hallowed by some memory or association.
Shrink	(past shrank;
Shrink	Shrunk or (esp. As
Shrink	) Shrunken)
Shrink	make or become smaller, esp. From moisture, heat, or cold.
Shrink	recoil; flinch.
Shrink	act of shrinking.
Shrink	psychiatrist.
Shrinkage	process or degree of shrinking.
Shrinkage	allowance made by a shop etc. For loss by wastage, theft, etc.
Shrink-wrap	Enclose
Shrink-wrap	in film that shrinks tightly on to it.
Shrive	(-ving; past shrove;
Shrive	Shriven) rc ch.
Shrive	hear and absolve
Shrive	Submit oneself to a priest for confession etc.
Shrivel	contract into a wrinkled or dried-up state.
Shroud	wrapping for a corpse.
Shroud	thing that conceals.
Shroud	(in
Shroud	) Ropes supporting a mast.
Shroud	clothe
Shroud	for burial.
Shroud	cover or conceal.
Shrovetide	Shrove tuesday and the two days preceding it.
Shrove tuesday	Day before ash wednesday.
Shrub	Any woody plant smaller than a tree and with branches near the ground.
Shrubbery	area planted with shrubs.
Shrug	Slightly and momentarily raise
Shrug	to express indifference, doubt, etc.
Shrug	Act of shrugging.
Shrunk	Of *shrink.
Shudder	shiver, esp. Convulsively, from fear, cold, etc.
Shudder	feel strong repugnance, fear, etc.
Shudder	vibrate.
Shudder	act of shuddering.
Shudder	(in
Shudder	; prec. By the)
Shudder	State of shuddering.
Shuffle	Drag
Shuffle	in walking etc.
Shuffle	Rearrange or intermingle
Shuffle	a prevaricate, be evasive.
Shuffle	keep shifting one's position.
Shuffle	act of shuffling; shuffling walk or movement.
Shuffle	change of relative positions.
Shuffle	shuffling dance.
Shufti	Look, glimpse.
Shun	avoid; keep clear of.
Shunt	move
Shunt	between sidings etc.;
Shunt	be shunted.
Shunt	move or put aside; redirect.
Shunt	shunting or being shunted.
Shunt	electr. Conductor joining two points of a circuit, through which current may be diverted.
Shunt	surgery alternative path for the circulation of the blood.
Shunt	collision of vehicles, esp. One behind another.
Shush	Hush!
Shush	quieten
Shush	by saying “shush”.
Shush	fall silent.
Shut	(-tt-; past and
Shut	Shut)
Shut	a move
Shut	Into position to block an opening.
Shut	close or seal
Shut	By moving a door etc.
Shut	become or be capable of being closed or sealed.
Shut	become or make closed for trade.
Shut	fold or contract
Shut	keep in or out of a room etc.
Shut	catch
Shut	By shutting something on it.
Shut	bar access to.
Shut	be
Shut	rid of. Shut down
Shut	stop
Shut	From operating.
Shut	Stop operating. Shut off
Shut	stop the flow of
Shut	separate from society etc. Shut out
Shut	exclude.
Shut	screen from view.
Shut	prevent.
Shut	block from the mind. Shut up
Shut	close all doors and windows of.
Shut	imprison.
Shut	put
Shut	away in a box etc.
Shut	Stop talking. Shut up shop close a business, shop, etc., temporarily or permanently.
Shut-down	Closure of a factory etc.
Shut-eye	Sleep.
Shutter	movable hinged cover for a window.
Shutter	device that exposes the film in a camera.
Shutter	Provide with shutters.
Shuttle	instrument pulling the weft-thread between the warp-threads.
Shuttle	bobbin carrying the lower thread.
Shuttle	train, bus, etc. Used in a shuttle service.
Shuttle	move to and fro like a shuttle.
Shuttlecock	Cork with a ring of feathers, or a similar plastic device, struck to and fro in badminton.
Shuttle diplomacy	Negotiations conducted by a mediator travelling between disputing parties.
Shuttle service	Transport service operating to and fro over a short route.
Shy1	a timid and nervous in company; self-conscious.
Shy1	Easily startled.
Shy1	(in
Shy1	) Disliking or fearing
Shy1	turn suddenly aside in fright.
Shy1	avoid involvement in.
Shy1	Sudden startled movement.
Shy1	. Shyness
Shy2	Fling, throw.
Shy2	fling, throw.
Shylock	Hard-hearted money-lender.
Shyster	Esp. Us
Shyster	Unscrupulous or unprofessional person.
Si	The international system of units of measurement.
Si	Silicon.
Siamese	native or language of siam
Siamese	in asia.
Siamese	cat of a cream-coloured short-haired breed with dark markings and blue eyes.
Siamese	Of siam, its people, or language.
Siamese twins	twins joined at some part of the body.
Siamese twins	any closely associated pair.
Sibilant	sounded with a hiss.
Sibilant	hissing.
Sibilant	Sibilant letter or sound.
Sibilant	Sibilancy
Sibling	Each of two or more children having one or both parents in common.
Sibyl	Pagan prophetess.
Sibylline	of or from a sibyl.
Sibylline	oracular; prophetic.
Sic	used, spelt, etc., as written
Sick	esp. Us unwell, ill.
Sick	vomiting or likely to vomit.
Sick	disgusted; surfeited.
Sick	angry, esp. Because of surfeit.
Sick	Cruel, morbid, perverted, offensive.
Sick	a mentally disordered.
Sick	(esp. In
Sick	) Pining
Sick	Vomit.
Sick	Vomit.
Sick	Be taken ill.
Sickbay	Room, cabin, etc. For those who are sick.
Sickbed	Invalid's bed.
Sicken	affect with disgust etc.
Sicken	show symptoms of illness.
Sicken	Feel nausea or disgust.
Sicken	(as sickening
Sicken	disgusting. B
Sicken	Very annoying.
Sickle	Short-handled tool with a semicircular blade, used for reaping etc.
Sick-leave	Leave granted because of illness.
Sickle-cell	Sickle-shaped blood cell, esp. As found in a type of severe hereditary anaemia.
Sickly	a weak; apt to be ill.
Sickly	languid, faint, or pale.
Sickly	causing ill health.
Sickly	sentimental or mawkish.
Sickly	of or inducing nausea.
Sickness	being ill; disease.
Sickness	vomiting or a tendency to vomit.
Sick-pay	Pay given during sick-leave.
Side	a each of the surfaces bounding an object.
Side	vertical inner or outer surface.
Side	such a surface as distinct from the top or bottom, front or back.
Side	a right or left part of a person or animal, esp. Of the torso.
Side	left or right half or a specified part of a thing.
Side	(often in
Side	) Adjoining position
Side	direction
Side	a either surface of a thing regarded as having two surfaces.
Side	writing filling one side of a sheet of paper.
Side	aspect of a question, character, etc.
Side	a each of two competing groups in war, politics, games, etc.
Side	cause etc. Regarded as being in conflict with another.
Side	a part or region near the edge.
Side	Subordinate, peripheral, or detached part
Side	Television channel.
Side	each of the bounding lines of a plane rectilinear figure.
Side	position nearer or farther than, or right or left of, a given dividing line.
Side	0 line of descent through one parent.
Side	spin given to a billiard-ball etc. By hitting it on one side.
Side	cheek; pretensions
Side	take part or be on the same side.
Side	close to.
Side	compared with. Let the side down embarrass or fail one's colleagues. On one side
Side	not in the main or central position.
Side	aside. On the … side somewhat
Side	. On the side
Side	as a sideline.
Side	illicitly.
Side	us as a side dish. Side by side standing close together, esp. For mutual support. Take sides support one or other cause etc.
Sideboard	Table or esp.
Sideboard	flat-topped cupboard for dishes, table linen, etc.
Sideboards	Hair grown by a man down the sides of his face.
Sideburns	pl.
Side-car	Passenger compartment attached to the side of a motor cycle.
Sided	having sides.
Sided	(in
Sided	) Having a specified number or type of sides.
Side-door	door at the side of a building.
Side-door	indirect means of access.
Side-drum	Small double-headed drum.
Side-effect	Secondary
Side-effect	effect.
Sidekick	Friend, associate; henchman.
Sidelight	light from the side.
Sidelight	small light at the side of the front of a vehicle.
Sidelight	Light on the side of a moving ship.
Sideline	work etc. Done in addition to one's main activity.
Sideline	(usu. In
Sideline	line bounding the side of a hockey-pitch etc.
Sideline	space next to these where spectators etc. Sit.
Sidelong	oblique.
Sidelong	Obliquely.
Sidereal	Of the constellations or fixed stars.
Sidereal day	Time between successive meridional transits of a star etc.
Side-road	Minor road, esp. Branching from a main road.
Side-saddle	Saddle for a woman riding with both legs on the same side of the horse.
Side-saddle	Riding in this position.
Sideshow	small show or stall in an exhibition, fair, etc.
Sideshow	minor incident or issue.
Sidesman	Assistant churchwarden who takes the collection etc.
Side-splitting	Causing violent laughter.
Sidestep	Step to the side.
Sidestep	avoid by stepping sideways.
Sidestep	evade.
Side-swipe	glancing blow on or from the side.
Side-swipe	incidental criticism etc.
Side-swipe	Hit
Side-swipe	with a side-swipe.
Sidetrack	Divert or diverge from the main course or issue.
Sidewalk	Us pavement.
Sideways	to or from a side.
Sideways	with one side facing forward.
Sideways	To or from a side.
Side-whiskers	pl. Whiskers on the cheeks.
Side wind	Wind from the side.
Siding	Short track at the side of a railway line, used for shunting.
Sidle	walk timidly or furtively.
Sids	Sudden infant death syndrome; cot-death.
Siege	surrounding and blockading of a town, castle, etc.
Siege	similar operation by police etc. To force an armed person out of a building.
Siemens	Si unit of conductance, equal to one reciprocal ohm.
Sienna	a kind of earth used as a pigment.
Sienna	its colour of yellowish-brown
Sienna	or reddish-brown
Sierra	Long jagged mountain chain, esp. In spain or spanish america.
Siesta	Afternoon sleep or rest, esp. In hot countries.
Sieve	Perforated or meshed utensil for separating solids or
Sieve	material from liquids or fine particles, or for pulping.
Sieve	sift.
Sift	put through a sieve.
Sift	separate (finer or
Sift	r parts) from material.
Sift	sprinkle
Sift	from a perforated container.
Sift	examine
Sift	Fall as if from a sieve.
Sigh	emit an audible breath in sadness, weariness, relief, etc.
Sigh	yearn for.
Sigh	express with sighs.
Sigh	make a sighing sound.
Sigh	act of sighing.
Sigh	sound made in sighing.
Sight	a faculty of seeing.
Sight	act of seeing or being seen.
Sight	thing seen.
Sight	opinion
Sight	range of vision
Sight	(usu. In
Sight	) Noteworthy features of a town etc.
Sight	a device on a gun, telescope, etc., for assisting aim or observation.
Sight	aim or observation so gained.
Sight	Unsightly person or thing
Sight	Great deal
Sight	get sight of, observe the presence of
Sight	aim
Sight	With a sight.
Sight	visible.
Sight	near at hand. Set one's sights on aim at.
Sighted	not blind.
Sighted	(in
Sighted	) Having specified vision
Sight for sore eyes	Welcome person or thing.
Sightless	Blind.
Sightly	Attractive to look at.
Sight-read	Read
Sight-read	at sight.
Sight-screen	Cricket large white screen placed near the boundary in line with the wicket to help the batsman see the ball.
Sightseer	Person visiting the sights of a place.
Sight unseen	Without previous inspection.
Sigma	Eighteenth letter of the greek alphabet
Sign	thing indicating a quality, state, future event, etc.
Sign	mark, symbol, etc.
Sign	gesture or action conveying an order etc.
Sign	signboard; signpost.
Sign	each of the twelve divisions of the zodiac.
Sign	Write
Sign	on a document etc. As authorization.
Sign	sign
Sign	as authorization.
Sign	communicate by gesture
Sign	engage or be engaged by signing a contract etc.
Sign	sign a register on arrival.
Sign	get
Sign	admitted by signing a register. Sign off
Sign	end work, broadcasting, etc.
Sign	withdraw one's claim to unemployment benefit after finding work. Sign on
Sign	agree to a contract etc.
Sign	employ
Sign	register as unemployed. Sign out sign a register on departing. Sign up
Sign	engage
Sign	enlist in the armed forces.
Sign	enrol.
Signal1	a sign
Signal1	conveying information etc.
Signal1	message of such signs.
Signal1	immediate cause of action etc.
Signal1	a electrical impulse or impulses or radio waves transmitted as a signal.
Signal1	sequence of these.
Signal1	device on a railway giving instructions or warnings to train-drivers etc.
Signal1	make signals.
Signal1	Make signals to; direct.
Signal1	transmit or express by signal; announce.
Signal2	Remarkable, noteworthy.
Signal-box	Building beside a railway track from which signals are controlled.
Signalize	make noteworthy or remarkable.
Signalize	indicate.
Signalman	Railway signal operator.
Signatory	party that has signed an agreement, esp.
Signatory	treaty.
Signatory	Having signed such an agreement etc.
Signature	a person's name, initials, etc. Used in signing.
Signature	act of signing.
Signature	printing section of a book made from one sheet folded and cut.
Signature tune	Tune used regularly to introduce a particular broadcast or performer.
Signboard	Board displaying a name or symbol etc. Outside a shop or hotel etc.
Signet	Small seal.
Signet-ring	Ring with a seal set in it.
Significance	importance.
Significance	meaning.
Significance	being significant.
Significance	extent to which a result deviates from a hypothesis such that the difference is due to more than errors in sampling.
Significant	having a meaning; indicative.
Significant	noteworthy; important.
Significant figure	Digit conveying information about a number containing it.
Signify	be a sign or indication of.
Signify	mean; symbolize.
Signify	make known.
Signify	be of importance; matter.
Sign language	System of communication by gestures, used esp. By the deaf.
Sign of the cross	Christian sign made by tracing a cross with the hand.
Signor	title used of or to an italian-speaking man.
Signora	Title used of or to an italian-speaking esp. Married woman.
Signorina	Title used of or to an italian-speaking esp. Unmarried woman.
Signpost	post on a road etc. Indicating direction etc.
Signpost	indication, guide.
Signpost	Provide with a signpost or signposts.
Signwriter	Person who paints signboards etc.
Sikh	Member of an indian monotheistic sect.
Silage	green fodder stored in a silo.
Silage	storage in a silo.
Silence	absence of sound.
Silence	abstinence from speech or noise.
Silence	avoidance of mentioning a thing, betraying a secret, etc.
Silence	make silent, esp. By force or superior argument.
Silencer	Device for reducing the noise of a vehicle's exhaust, a gun, etc.
Silent	Not speaking; not making or accompanied by any sound.
Silent majority	The mass of allegedly moderate people who rarely express an opinion.
Silhouette	picture showing the outline only, usu. In black on white or cut from paper.
Silhouette	dark shadow or outline against a lighter background.
Silhouette	represent or
Silhouette	show in silhouette.
Silica	Silicon dioxide, occurring as quartz etc. And as a main constituent of sandstone and other rocks.
Silica gel	Hydrated silica in a hard granular form used as a drying agent.
Silicate	Compound of a metal with silicon and oxygen.
Silicon	Chem. Non-metallic element occurring widely in silica and silicates.
Silicon chip	Silicon microchip.
Silicone	Any organic compound of silicon, with high resistance to cold, heat, water, etc.
Silicosis	Lung fibrosis caused by inhaling dust containing silica.
Silk	fine soft lustrous fibre produced by silkworms.
Silk	(often
Silk	) Thread or cloth from this.
Silk	(in
Silk	) Cloth or garments of silk, esp. As worn by a jockey.
Silk	Queen's
Silk	counsel, as having the right to wear a silk gown.
Silk	fine soft thread
Silken	made of silk.
Silken	soft or lustrous.
Silkworm	Caterpillar that spins a cocoon of silk.
Silky	soft and smooth like silk.
Silky	suave.
Silky	Silkiness
Sill	Slab of stone, wood, or metal at the foot of a window or doorway.
Silly	foolish, imprudent.
Silly	weak-minded.
Silly	cricket
Silly	very close to the batsman.
Silly	Foolish person.
Silly	Silliness
Silo	pit or airtight barn etc. In which green crops are kept for fodder.
Silo	pit or tower for storing grain, cement, etc.
Silo	underground storage chamber for a guided missile.
Silt	Sediment in a channel, harbour, etc.
Silt	choke or be choked with silt.
Silver	greyish-white lustrous precious metallic element.
Silver	colour of this.
Silver	silver or cupro-nickel coins.
Silver	household cutlery.
Silver	Of or coloured like silver.
Silver	coat or plate with silver.
Silver	provide
Silver	with a backing of tin amalgam etc.
Silver	make silvery.
Silver	turn grey or white.
Silver band	Band playing silver-plated instruments.
Silver birch	Common birch with silver-coloured bark.
Silverfish	small silvery wingless insect.
Silverfish	silver-coloured fish.
Silver jubilee	5th anniversary.
Silver lining	Consolation or hope in misfortune.
Silver medal	Medal of silver, usu. Awarded as second prize.
Silver paper	Aluminium foil.
Silver plate	Vessels, cutlery, etc., plated with silver.
Silver sand	Fine pure sand used in gardening.
Silver screen	cinema films collectively.
Silverside	Upper side of a round of beef.
Silversmith	Worker in silver.
Silver tongue	Eloquence.
Silverware	Articles of or plated with silver.
Silver wedding	5th anniversary of a wedding.
Silvery	like silver in colour or appearance.
Silvery	having a clear gentle ringing sound.
Silviculture	cultivation of forest trees.
Simian	of the anthropoid apes.
Simian	like an ape or monkey.
Simian	Ape or monkey.
Similar	like, alike.
Similar	having a resemblance.
Similar	geom. Shaped alike.
Similar	. Similarly
Simile	esp. Poetical comparison of one thing with another using the words ‘like’ or ‘as’
Simile	use of this.
Similitude	guise, appearance.
Similitude	comparison; expression of a comparison.
Simmer	bubble or boil gently.
Simmer	be in a state of suppressed anger or excitement.
Simmer	Simmering condition.
Simnel cake	Rich fruit cake, usu. With a marzipan layer and decoration, eaten esp. At easter.
Simony	Buying or selling of ecclesiastical privileges.
Simoom	Hot dry dust-laden desert wind.
Simper	smile in a silly or affected way.
Simper	express by or with simpering.
Simper	Such a smile.
Simple	understood or done easily and without difficulty.
Simple	not complicated or elaborate; plain.
Simple	not compound or complex.
Simple	absolute, unqualified, straightforward
Simple	foolish; gullible, feeble-minded.
Simple fracture	Fracture of the bone only without a wound.
Simple interest	Interest payable on a capital sum only.
Simple-minded	Foolish; feeble-minded.
Simpleton	Gullible or halfwitted person.
Simplicity	Fact or condition of being simple.
Simplify	make simple or simpler.
Simplistic	Excessively or affectedly simple.
Simply	in a simple manner.
Simply	absolutely
Simply	merely
Simulate	pretend to be, have, or feel.
Simulate	imitate or counterfeit.
Simulate	reproduce the conditions of
Simulate	, e.g. For training.
Simulate	produce a computer model of
Simulate	Simulator
Simultaneous	occurring or operating at the same time.
Simultaneous	Simultaneously
Sin1	a breaking of divine or moral law, esp. Deliberately.
Sin1	such an act.
Sin1	offence against good taste or propriety etc.
Sin1	commit a sin.
Sin1	offend.
Sin2	Sine.
Sin bin	Ice hockey penalty box.
Since	Throughout or during the period after
Since	during or in the time after
Since	because.
Since	from that time or event until now
Since	ago
Sincere	free from pretence.
Sincere	genuine, honest, frank.
Sincerely	In a sincere manner.
Sine	Ratio of the side opposite a given angle
Sine	to the hypotenuse.
Sinecure	Profitable or prestigious position requiring little or no work.
Sine die	Formal indefinitely
Sine qua non	Indispensable condition or qualification.
Sinew	tough fibrous tissue uniting muscle to bone; a tendon.
Sinew	(in
Sinew	) Muscles; bodily strength.
Sinew	(in
Sinew	) Strength or framework of a thing.
Sinful	Committing or involving sin.
Sinful	Sinfulness
Sing	(past sang;
Sing	Sung)
Sing	utter musical sounds, esp. Words with a set tune.
Sing	utter or produce by singing.
Sing	Hum, buzz, or whistle.
Sing	hear a humming sound.
Sing	turn informer.
Sing	literary celebrate in verse.
Sing	Act or spell of singing.
Singe	burn superficially; scorch.
Singe	burn off the tips of
Singe	Superficial burn.
Singer-songwriter	Person who sings and writes songs.
Single	one only, not double or multiple.
Single	united or undivided.
Single	for or done by one person etc.
Single	one by itself
Single	regarded separately
Single	not married.
Single	(with neg. Or
Single	) Even one
Single	having only one circle of petals.
Single	single thing, esp.
Single	single room in a hotel.
Single	ticket valid for an outward journey only.
Single	pop record with one item on each side.
Single	cricket hit for one run.
Single	(usu. In
Single	) Game with one player on each side.
Single	(in
Single	) Unmarried people.
Single	choose for special attention etc.
Single-breasted	Having only one vertical row of buttons and overlapping little down the front.
Single combat	Duel.
Single cream	Thin cream with a relatively low fat content.
Single-decker	Bus with only one deck.
Single file	Line of people one behind another.
Single file	One behind the other.
Single-handed	Without help.
Single-minded	Having or intent on only one aim.
Single-minded	Single-mindedness
Single parent	Person bringing up a child or children alone.
Singlet	Sleeveless vest.
Singleton	one card only of a suit in a player's hand.
Singleton	single person or thing.
Singsong	Informal singing party.
Singsong	Monotonously rising and falling.
Singular	unique; outstanding; extraordinary, strange.
Singular	denoting a single person or thing.
Singular	singular word or form.
Singular	the singular number.
Singular	Singularly
Sinh	Math. Hyperbolic sine.
Sinhalese	member of a
Sinhalese	Indian people now forming the majority of the population of sri lanka.
Sinhalese	their language.
Sinhalese	Of this people or language.
Sinister	evil or villainous in appearance or manner.
Sinister	wicked, criminal.
Sinister	ominous.
Sinister	heraldry of or on the left-hand side of a shield etc.
Sink	(past sank or sunk;
Sink	Sunk or as
Sink	Sunken)
Sink	fall or come slowly downwards.
Sink	disappear below the horizon.
Sink	a go or penetrate below the surface esp. Of a liquid.
Sink	go to the bottom of the sea etc.
Sink	settle comfortably.
Sink	a decline in strength etc.
Sink	descend in pitch or volume.
Sink	cause or allow to sink or penetrate.
Sink	cause
Sink	To fail.
Sink	dig
Sink	or bore
Sinker	Weight used to sink a fishing-line or sounding-line.
Sinking fund	Money set aside gradually for the eventual repayment of a debt.
Sinner	Person who sins, esp. Habitually.
Sinn fein	Political wing of the ira.
Sino-	Form chinese; chinese and
Sinology	The study of the chinese language, chinese history, etc.
Sinuous	Having many curves; undulating.
Sinus	Cavity of bone or tissue, esp. In the skull connecting with the nostrils.
Sinusitis	Inflammation of a sinus.
Sip	drink in small mouthfuls.
Sip	small mouthful of liquid.
Sip	act of taking this.
Siphon	tube shaped like an inverted v or u with unequal legs, used to convey liquid from a container to a lower level by atmospheric pressure.
Siphon	bottle from which aerated water is forced by the pressure of gas.
Siphon	flow through a siphon.
Siphon	divert or set aside
Sir	polite form of address or reference to a man.
Sir	title
Sir	ed to the forename of a knight or baronet.
Sire	male parent of an animal, esp.
Sire	stallion.
Sire	form of address to a king.
Sire	father or male ancestor.
Sire	beget.
Siren	a device for making a loud wailing or warning sound.
Siren	this sound.
Siren	woman or winged creature whose singing lured unwary sailors on to rocks.
Siren	(often
Siren	) Temptress; seductress.
Sirenian	Any one of an order of large aquatic plant-eating mammals.
Sirloin	Upper and choicer part of a loin of beef.
Sirocco	saharan simoom.
Sirocco	warm sultry wind in s. Europe.
Sirup	a sweet sauce of sugar dissolved in boiling water.
Sirup	similar fluid as a drink, medicine, etc.
Sirup	condensed sugar-cane juice; molasses, treacle.
Sirup	excessive sweetness of manner or style.
Sis	Sister.
Sisal	fibre made from a mexican agave.
Sisal	this plant.
Siskin	Yellowish-green songbird.
Sissy	effeminate or cowardly person.
Sissy	effeminate; cowardly.
Sister	woman or girl in relation to her siblings.
Sister	female fellow member of a trade union, feminist group, etc.
Sister	senior female nurse.
Sister	member of a female religious order.
Sister	(often
Sister	) Of the same type, design, or origin etc.
Sisterhood	relationship between or as between sisters.
Sisterhood	society of esp. Religious or charitable women.
Sisterhood	community of feeling between women.
Sister-in-law	sister of one's wife or husband.
Sister-in-law	wife of one's brother.
Sisyphean	endless and fruitless like that of sisyphus
Sit	(-tt-; past and
Sit	Sat)
Sit	support the body by resting the buttocks on the ground or a seat etc.
Sit	cause to sit; place in a sitting position.
Sit	perch or warm the eggs in its nest.
Sit	rest with the hind legs bent and the buttocks on the ground.
Sit	Be in session.
Sit	pose
Sit	be a member of parliament for
Sit	take
Sit	be in a more or less permanent position or condition
Sit	Fit or hang in a certain way.
Sit	0 babysit.
Sit	sit after standing.
Sit	cause to sit.
Sit	submit tamely to
Sit	. Sit in
Sit	occupy a place as a protest.
Sit	take the place of.
Sit	be present as a guest or observer at
Sit	. Sit in judgement be censorious or self-righteous. Sit on
Sit	be a member of
Sit	hold a session or inquiry concerning.
Sit	Delay action about.
Sit	Repress, rebuke, or snub. Sit on the fence remain neutral or undecided. Sit out
Sit	take no part in
Sit	stay till the end of
Sit	sit outdoors. Sit tight
Sit	remain firmly in one's place.
Sit	not yield. Sit up
Sit	rise from lying to sitting.
Sit	sit firmly upright.
Sit	go to bed late.
Sit	Become interested or aroused etc. Sit well on suit or fit.
Sitar	Long-necked indian lute.
Sitcom	Situation comedy.
Sit-down	eaten sitting at a table.
Sit-down	With demonstrators occupying their workplace or sitting down on the ground in a public place.
Sit-down	spell of sitting.
Sit-down	sit-down protest etc.
Site	ground chosen or used for a town or building.
Site	place of or for some activity
Site	locate, place.
Sit-in	Protest involving sitting in.
Sitka	fast-growing spruce yielding timber.
Sits vac	Situations vacant.
Sitter	person who sits, esp. For a portrait.
Sitter	= babysitter
Sitter	Easy catch or shot.
Sitting	continuous period spent engaged in an activity
Sitting	time during which an assembly is engaged in business.
Sitting	session in which a meal is served.
Sitting	having sat down.
Sitting	still.
Sitting	Current.
Sitting duck	Easy target.
Sitting-room	Room for relaxed sitting in.
Sitting tenant	Tenant occupying premises.
Situate	put in a certain position or circumstances.
Situate	establish or indicate the place of; put in a context.
Situation	place and its surroundings.
Situation	circumstances; position; state of affairs.
Situation	formal paid job.
Situation comedy	Broadcast comedy based on characters dealing with awkward domestic situations.
Sit-up	Physical exercise of sitting up from a supine position without using the arms or hands.
Sit-upon	Buttocks.
Six	one more than five.
Six	symbol for this
Six	size etc. Denoted by six.
Six	cricket hit scoring six runs.
Six	six o'clock.
Six	Utterly surprise or overcome.
Sixer	cricket hit for six runs.
Sixer	brownie or cub in charge of a group of six.
Sixfold	six times as much or as many.
Sixfold	consisting of six parts.
Sixpence	sum of six esp. Old pence.
Sixpence	hist. Coin worth this.
Sixpenny	Costing or worth sixpence, esp. Before decimalization.
Six-shooter	revolver with six chambers.
Sixteen	one more than fifteen.
Sixteen	symbol for this
Sixteen	size etc. Denoted by sixteen.
Sixth	next after fifth.
Sixth	any of six equal parts of a thing.
Sixth form	Form in a secondary school for pupils over
Sixth-form college	Separate college for pupils over
Sixth former	Sixth-form pupil.
Sixth sense	Supposed intuitive or extrasensory faculty.
Sixty	six times ten.
Sixty	symbol for this
Sixty	(in
Sixty	) Numbers from
Sixty	0 to
Sixty	9, esp. The years of a century or of a person's life.
Size1	relative dimensions, magnitude.
Size1	each of the classes into which similar things are divided according to size.
Size1	sort in sizes or according to size.
Size1	The truth of the matter. Size up
Size1	Form a judgement of.
Size1	(also in
Size2	Sticky solution used in glazing paper, stiffening textiles, etc.
Size2	treat with size.
Sizeable	large or fairly large.
Sizzle	sputter or hiss, esp. In frying.
Sizzle	Be very hot or excited etc.
Sizzle	Sizzling sound.
Sj	Society of jesus.
Ska	kind of fast orig. Jamaican pop music.
Skate1	boot with a blade attached for gliding on ice; this blade.
Skate1	a move on skates.
Skate1	perform
Skate1	on skates.
Skate1	refer fleetingly to, disregard.
Skate1	make haste. Skate on thin ice
Skate1	Behave rashly, risk danger.
Skate2	large flat marine fish used as food.
Skateboard	Short narrow board on two pairs of trucks, for riding on while standing.
Skateboard	Ride on a skateboard.
Skedaddle	Depart quickly, flee.
Skein	loosely-coiled bundle of yarn or thread.
Skein	flock of wild geese etc. In flight.
Skeleton	hard framework of bones etc. Of an animal.
Skeleton	supporting framework or structure of a thing.
Skeleton	very thin person or animal.
Skeleton	useless or dead remnant.
Skeleton	outline sketch, epitome.
Skeleton	Having only the essential or minimum number of persons, parts, etc.
Skeleton in the cupboard	Discreditable or embarrassing secret.
Skeleton key	Key designed to fit many locks.
Skeptic	person inclined to doubt accepted opinions.
Skeptic	person who doubts the truth of religions.
Skeptic	philosopher who questions the possibility of knowledge.
Skeptical	inclined to doubt accepted opinions; critical; incredulous.
Skerry	scot. Reef, rocky island.
Sketch	rough or unfinished drawing or painting.
Sketch	rough draft or general outline.
Sketch	short usu. Humorous play.
Sketch	short descriptive essay etc.
Sketch	make or give a sketch of.
Sketch	draw sketches.
Sketch	outline briefly.
Sketch-book	pad of drawing-paper for sketching.
Sketch-map	Roughly-drawn map with few details.
Sketchy	giving only a rough outline, like a sketch.
Sketchy	Unsubstantial or imperfect, esp. Through haste.
Sketchy	Sketchiness
Skew	Oblique, slanting, set askew.
Skew	Slant.
Skew	make skew.
Skew	distort.
Skew	move obliquely.
Skewbald	with irregular patches of white and another colour.
Skewbald	Skewbald animal.
Skewer	Long pin designed for holding meat together while cooking.
Skewer	Fasten together or pierce
Skewer	with a skewer.
Skew-whiff	Askew.
Ski	each of a pair of long narrow pieces of wood etc., fastened under the feet for travelling over snow.
Ski	similar device under a vehicle or aircraft.
Ski	travel on skis.
Skid	Slide on slippery ground, esp. Sideways or obliquely.
Skid	cause
Skid	to skid.
Skid	act of skidding.
Skid	runner beneath an aircraft for use when landing.
Skid	About to be discarded or defeated. Put the skids under
Skid	Hasten the downfall or failure of.
Skid-pan	Slippery surface for drivers to practise control of skidding.
Skid row	part of a town frequented by vagrants etc.
Skiff	Light rowing- or sculling-boat.
Ski-jump	Steep slope levelling off before a sharp drop to allow a skier to leap through the air.
Skilful	having or showing skill.
Ski-lift	Device for carrying skiers up a slope, usu.
Ski-lift	cable with hanging seats.
Skill	ability to do something well; technique, expertise.
Skilled	skilful.
Skilled	requiring or having skill or special training.
Skillet	small long-handled metal cooking-pot.
Skillet	us frying-pan.
Skillful	having or showing skill.
Skim	a take a floating layer from the surface of
Skim	take
Skim	From the surface of a liquid.
Skim	a barely touch
Skim	in passing over.
Skim	deal with or treat
Skim	superficially.
Skim	go or glide lightly.
Skim	read or look over cursorily.
Skim	Skimming.
Skimmia	Evergreen shrub with red berries.
Skim milk	milk from which the cream has been removed.
Skimp	economize; use a meagre or insufficient amount of, stint.
Skimp	supply
Skimp	Meagrely with food etc.
Skimp	do hastily or carelessly.
Skimpy	meagre; insufficient.
Skin	flexible covering of a body.
Skin	a skin of a flayed animal with or without the hair etc.
Skin	material prepared from skins.
Skin	complexion of the skin.
Skin	outer layer or covering, esp. Of a fruit, sausage, etc.
Skin	film like skin on a liquid etc.
Skin	container for liquid, made of an animal's skin.
Skin	skinhead.
Skin	remove the skin from.
Skin	graze
Skin	swindle.
Skin	Interest or annoy a person intensely. Have a thick
Skin	skin be insensitive
Skin	. No skin off one's nose
Skin	Of no consequence to one.
Skin-deep	Superficial.
Skin-diver	Underwater swimmer without a diving-suit, usu. With aqualung and flippers.
Skinflint	Miser.
Skinful	Enough alcohol to make one drunk.
Skin-graft	surgical transplanting of skin.
Skin-graft	skin transferred in this way.
Skinhead	Youth with a shaven head, esp. One of an aggressive gang.
Skinny	thin or emaciated.
Skint	having no money left.
Skin-tight	very close-fitting.
Skip1	a move along lightly, esp. With alternate hops.
Skip1	jump lightly, esp. Over a skipping-rope.
Skip1	gambol, caper, frisk.
Skip1	move quickly from one point, subject, etc. To another.
Skip1	Omit parts of
Skip1	Miss intentionally, not attend.
Skip1	Leave hurriedly.
Skip1	Skipping movement or action.
Skip1	Abandon a topic etc.
Skip2	large container for building refuse etc.
Skip2	container for transporting or raising materials in mining etc.
Skipjack	small striped pacific tuna used as food.
Skipper	captain of a ship or aircraft.
Skipper	captain of a sporting team.
Skipper	Be captain of.
Skipping-rope	Length of rope turned over the head and under the feet while jumping it as a game or exercise.
Skirl	Shrill sound, esp. Of bagpipes.
Skirl	Make a skirl.
Skirmish	minor battle.
Skirmish	short argument or contest of wit etc.
Skirmish	Engage in a skirmish.
Skirt	woman's garment hanging from the waist.
Skirt	the part of a coat etc. Hanging below the waist.
Skirt	hanging part at the base of a hovercraft.
Skirt	(in sing. Or
Skirt	) Edge, border, extreme part.
Skirt	offens. Woman.
Skirt	Cut of meat from the flank or diaphragm.
Skirt	go or lie along or round the edge of.
Skirt	avoid dealing with
Skirting-board	Narrow board etc. Along the bottom of a room-wall.
Ski-run	Slope prepared for skiing.
Skit	Light, usu. Short, piece of satire or burlesque.
Skittish	lively, playful.
Skittish	Nervous, inclined to shy.
Skittle	pin used in skittles.
Skittle	(in
Skittle	; usu. Treated as sing.) Game of trying to bowl down usu. Nine wooden pins.
Skive	evade work; play truant.
Skivvy	Derog. Female domestic servant.
Skivvy	work as a skivvy.
Skua	Large predatory sea bird.
Skulduggery	Trickery; unscrupulous behaviour.
Skulk	Move stealthily; lurk, hide.
Skull	bony case of the brain of a vertebrate.
Skull	bony skeleton of the head.
Skull	head as the seat of intelligence.
Skull and crossbones	pl. Representation of a skull with two crossed thigh-bones as an emblem of piracy or death.
Skullcap	Peakless cap covering the crown only.
Skunk	black and white striped mammal emitting a powerful stench when attacked.
Skunk	Contemptible person.
Sky	(in sing. Or
Sky	) Atmosphere and outer space as seen from the earth.
Sky	cricket etc. Hit
Sky	high.
Sky blue	(as
Sky blue	Often hyphenated) bright clear blue.
Skydiving	Sport of performing acrobatic manoeuvres under free fall before opening a parachute.
Sky-high	Very high.
Skyjack	hijack
Skylark	Lark that sings while soaring.
Skylark	Play tricks, frolic.
Skylight	Window in a roof.
Skyline	Outline of hills, buildings, etc. Against the sky.
Sky-rocket	rise very rapidly.
Skyscraper	Very tall building.
Skyward	towards the sky.
Skyward	Moving skyward.
Sky-writing	Writing in aeroplane smoke-trails.
Slab	flat thick esp. Rectangular piece of solid material, esp. Stone.
Slab	mortuary table.
Slack1	Not taut.
Slack1	inactive or sluggish.
Slack1	negligent, remiss.
Slack1	Neither ebbing nor flowing.
Slack1	slack part of a rope
Slack1	slack period.
Slack1	(in
Slack1	) Informal trousers.
Slack1	loosen
Slack1	Take a rest, be lazy.
Slack1	loosen.
Slack1	reduce one's level of activity; reduce speed.
Slack2	Coal-dust or fragments of coal.
Slacken	Make or become slack.
Slacker	Shirker.
Slag	refuse left after smelting etc.
Slag	derog. Prostitute; promiscuous woman.
Slag	form slag.
Slag	insult, slander.
Slag-heap	Hill of refuse from a coalmine, steelworks, etc.
Slain	Of *slay.
Slake	assuage or satisfy
Slake	temper
Slake	by combination with water.
Slalom	ski-race down a zigzag obstacle course.
Slalom	obstacle race in canoes etc.
Slam1	shut forcefully and loudly.
Slam1	put down loudly.
Slam1	put or do suddenly
Slam1	criticize severely.
Slam1	hit.
Slam1	conquer easily.
Slam1	Sound or action of slamming.
Slam2	Cards winning of every trick in a game.
Slander	false and damaging utterance about a person.
Slander	uttering of this.
Slander	Utter slander about.
Slang	Very informal words, phrases, or meanings, not regarded as standard and often used by a specific profession, class, etc.
Slang	Use abusive language
Slanging-match	Prolonged exchange of insults.
Slant	slope; lie or
Slant	go obliquely.
Slant	(often as slanted
Slant	) Present
Slant	in a biased or particular way.
Slant	slope; oblique position.
Slant	point of view, esp.
Slant	biased one.
Slant	Sloping, oblique.
Slantwise	Aslant.
Slap	strike with the palm or a flat object, or so as to make a similar noise.
Slap	lay forcefully
Slap	put hastily or carelessly
Slap	Reprimand or snub.
Slap	blow with the palm or a flat object.
Slap	slapping sound.
Slap	Suddenly, fully, directly
Slap and tickle	Sexual horseplay.
Slap-bang	Violently, headlong.
Slapdash	Hasty and careless.
Slapdash	In this manner.
Slap-happy	Cheerfully casual or flippant.
Slap in the face	Rebuff or affront.
Slap on the back	Congratulations.
Slapstick	Boisterous comedy.
Slap-up	Excellent, lavish.
Slash	cut or gash with a knife etc.
Slash	deliver or aim cutting blows.
Slash	reduce
Slash	Drastically.
Slash	censure vigorously.
Slash	slashing cut or stroke.
Slash	printing oblique stroke; solidus.
Slash	act of urinating.
Slat	Thin narrow piece of wood, plastic, or metal, esp. As in a fence or venetian blind.
Slate	metamorphic rock easily split into flat smooth plates.
Slate	piece of this as a tile or hist. For writing on.
Slate	bluish-grey colour of slate.
Slate	list of nominees for office etc.
Slate	roof with slates.
Slate	Criticize severely.
Slate	us make arrangements for
Slate	us nominate for office etc.
Slattern	Slovenly woman.
Slaughter	kill
Slaughter	for food or skins or because of disease.
Slaughter	kill
Slaughter	ruthlessly or on a great scale.
Slaughter	Defeat utterly.
Slaughter	Act of slaughtering.
Slaughterhouse	Place for the slaughter of animals as food.
Slav	Member of a group of peoples in central and eastern europe speaking slavonic languages.
Slav	Of the slavs.
Slave	person who is owned by and has to serve another.
Slave	drudge, hard worker.
Slave	obsessive devotee
Slave	machine, or part of one, directly controlled by another.
Slave	work very hard.
Slave-driver	overseer of slaves.
Slave-driver	demanding boss.
Slave labour	Forced labour.
Slaver1	Hist. Ship or person engaged in the slave-trade.
Slaver2	dribble.
Slaver2	drool over.
Slaver2	dribbling saliva.
Slaver2	a fulsome flattery.
Slaver2	drivel, nonsense.
Slavery	condition of a slave.
Slavery	drudgery.
Slavery	practice of having slaves.
Slave-trade	Hist. Dealing in slaves, esp. African blacks.
Slavish	like slaves.
Slavish	without originality.
Slavonic	of the group of languages including russian, polish, and czech.
Slavonic	of the slavs.
Slavonic	Slavonic language-group.
Slay	(past slew;
Slay	Slain)
Slay	literary
Sleaze	Sleaziness.
Sleazy	squalid, tawdry.
Sleazy	Sleaziness
Sledge	Vehicle on runners for use on snow.
Sledge	travel or convey by sledge.
Sledgehammer	large heavy long-handled hammer used to break stone etc.
Sledgehammer	Heavy or powerful
Sleek	Smooth and glossy.
Sleek	looking well-fed and comfortable.
Sleek	Make sleek.
Sleek	Sleekness
Sleep	natural recurring condition of suspended consciousness, with the eyes closed and the muscles relaxed.
Sleep	period of sleep
Sleep	state like sleep; rest, quiet, death.
Sleep	(past and
Sleep	Slept)
Sleep	a be in a state of sleep.
Sleep	fall asleep.
Sleep	Spend the night.
Sleep	provide beds etc. For
Sleep	have sexual intercourse, esp. In bed.
Sleep	put off
Sleep	until the next day.
Sleep	fail to be woken by.
Sleep	be inactive or dead.
Sleep	remedy by sleeping.
Sleep	begin to sleep.
Sleep	become numb. Put to sleep
Sleep	anaesthetize.
Sleep	put down
Sleep	. Sleep around
Sleep	Be sexually promiscuous. Sleep in sleep later than usual in the morning.
Sleeper	person or animal that sleeps.
Sleeper	horizontal beam supporting a railway track.
Sleeper	a sleeping-car.
Sleeper	berth in this.
Sleeper	ring or stud worn in a pierced ear to keep the hole open.
Sleeping-bag	Padded bag to sleep in when camping etc.
Sleeping-car	railway coach with berths.
Sleeping partner	Partner not sharing in the actual work of a firm.
Sleeping-pill	Pill to induce sleep.
Sleeping policeman	Ramp etc. In the road to make traffic slow down.
Sleeping sickness	Tropical disease causing extreme lethargy.
Sleepless	lacking sleep
Sleepless	unable to sleep.
Sleepless	continually active.
Sleepwalk	Walk about while asleep.
Sleepy	drowsy.
Sleepy	quiet, inactive
Sleepy	Sleepiness
Sleet	snow and rain falling together.
Sleet	hail or snow melting as it falls.
Sleet	sleet falls
Sleeve	part of a garment that encloses an arm.
Sleeve	cover of a gramophone record.
Sleeve	tube enclosing a rod etc.
Sleeve	(also in
Sleeve	). Sleeveless
Sleigh	Sledge, esp. For riding on.
Sleigh	Travel on a sleigh.
Sleight of hand	Dexterity, esp. In conjuring.
Slender	a of small girth or breadth.
Slender	gracefully thin.
Slender	relatively small, scanty, inadequate.
Sleuth	Detective.
Sleuth	Investigate crime etc.
Slew1	turn or swing forcibly to a new position.
Slew1	Such a turn.
Slice	thin flat piece or wedge of esp. Food cut off or out.
Slice	share; part.
Slice	long-handled kitchen utensil with a broad flat perforated blade.
Slice	sport stroke that sends the ball obliquely.
Slice	cut into slices.
Slice	cut off.
Slice	cut
Slice	with a knife.
Slice	strike
Slice	with a slice.
Slick	a skilful or efficient.
Slick	superficially or pretentiously smooth and dexterous; glib.
Slick	sleek, smooth.
Slick	Large patch of oil etc., esp. On the sea.
Slick	flatten
Slick	make sleek or smart.
Slick	Slickness
Slide	(past and
Slide	Slid)
Slide	move along a smooth surface with continuous contact on the same part of the thing moving.
Slide	move quietly or smoothly; glide.
Slide	glide over ice without skates.
Slide	barely touch upon
Slide	move quietly or unobtrusively.
Slide	act of sliding.
Slide	rapid decline.
Slide	inclined plane down which children, goods, etc., slide.
Slide	track made by or for sliding, esp. On ice.
Slide	part of a machine or instrument that slides.
Slide	a mounted transparency viewed with a projector.
Slide	piece of glass holding an object for a microscope.
Slide-rule	Ruler with a sliding central strip, graduated logarithmically for making rapid calculations.
Sliding scale	Scale of fees, taxes, wages, etc., that varies according to some other factor.
Slight	a small; insignificant.
Slight	inadequate.
Slight	slender, frail-looking.
Slight	Any whatever
Slight	Treat disrespectfully; ignore.
Slight	Act of slighting.
Slight	Slightness
Slim	not fat, slender.
Slim	small, insufficient
Slim	become slimmer by dieting, exercise, etc.
Slim	make smaller (slimmed it down to
Slim	0 pages).
Slim	Slimming
Slim	Slimmish
Slime	Thick slippery mud or sticky substance produced by an animal or plant.
Slimline	of slender design.
Slimline	not fattening.
Slimy	like, covered with, or full of slime.
Slimy	Disgustingly obsequious.
Sling1	strap etc. Used to support or raise a thing.
Sling1	bandage supporting an injured arm from the neck.
Sling1	strap etc. For firing a stone etc. By hand.
Sling1	(past and
Sling1	Slung)
Sling1	Throw.
Sling1	suspend with a sling.
Sling1	go away.
Sling2	Sweetened drink of spirits
Sling2	and water.
Sling-back	Shoe held in place by a strap above the heel.
Slink	(past and
Slink	Slunk)
Slink	move in a stealthy or guilty manner.
Slinky	close-fitting and sinuous.
Slip1	slide unintentionally or momentarily; lose one's footing or balance.
Slip1	go or move with a sliding motion.
Slip1	escape or fall from being slippery or not being held properly.
Slip1	go unobserved or quietly.
Slip1	a make a careless or slight error.
Slip1	fall below standard.
Slip1	place or slide stealthily or casually
Slip1	release from restraint or connection.
Slip1	move
Slip1	to the other needle without knitting it.
Slip1	pull
Slip1	easily or hastily on or off.
Slip1	0 escape from; evade
Slip1	act of slipping.
Slip1	careless or slight error.
Slip1	a pillowcase.
Slip1	petticoat.
Slip1	(in sing. Or
Slip1	cricket a fielder stationed for balls glancing off the bat to the off side.
Slip1	(in sing. Or
Slip1	) This position.
Slip1	utter inadvertently.
Slip1	miss
Slip1	release, esp. From a leash. Slip up
Slip1	Make a mistake.
Slip2	small piece of paper, esp. For writing on.
Slip2	piece cut from a plant for grafting or planting.
Slip3	Clay and water mixture for decorating earthenware.
Slip-knot	knot that can be undone by a pull.
Slip-knot	running knot.
Slip of the pen	small written
Slip of the pen	mistake.
Slip-on	Easily slipped on and off.
Slip-on	Slip-on shoe or garment.
Slippage	Act or an instance of slipping.
Slipped disc	Displaced disc between vertebrae causing lumbar pain.
Slipper	Light loose soft indoor shoe.
Slippery	difficult to grasp, stand on, etc. Because smooth or wet.
Slippery	unreliable, unscrupulous.
Slippery slope	Course leading eventually to disaster.
Slippy	Slippery.
Slip-road	Road for entering or leaving a motorway etc.
Slipshod	Careless, slovenly.
Slipstream	Current of air or water driven back by a revolving propeller or a moving vehicle.
Slip-up	Mistake.
Slipway	Ramp for building ships or landing boats.
Slit	Straight narrow incision or opening.
Slit	(-tt-; past and
Slit	Slit)
Slit	make a slit in.
Slit	cut into strips.
Slither	Slide unsteadily.
Slither	Act of slithering.
Sliver	Long thin piece cut or split off.
Sliver	break off as a sliver.
Sliver	break or form into slivers.
Sloane	fashionable and conventional upper-class young person.
Slob	Derog. Lazy, untidy, or fat person.
Slobber	dribble.
Slobber	drool over.
Slobber	Dribbling saliver.
Sloe	its small sour bluish-black fruit.
Slog	hit hard and usu. Wildly.
Slog	work or walk doggedly.
Slog	hard random hit.
Slog	a hard steady work or walk.
Slog	spell of this.
Slogan	catchy phrase used in advertising etc.
Slogan	party cry; watchword.
Sloop	Small one-masted fore-and-aft rigged vessel.
Slop	spill over the edge of a vessel.
Slop	wet
Slop	By slopping.
Slop	liquid spilled or splashed.
Slop	sloppy language.
Slop	(in
Slop	) Dirty waste water or wine etc. From a kitchen, bedroom, or prison vessels.
Slop	(in sing. Or
Slop	) Unappetizing weak liquid food.
Slope	inclined position, direction, or state.
Slope	piece of rising or falling ground.
Slope	difference in level between the two ends or sides of a thing.
Slope	place for skiing on a mountain etc.
Slope	have or take a slope, slant.
Slope	cause to slope.
Slope	go away, esp. To evade work etc.
Sloppy	wet, watery, too liquid.
Sloppy	careless, untidy.
Sloppy	foolishly sentimental.
Sloppy	Sloppiness
Slosh	splash or flounder.
Slosh	hit, esp. Heavily.
Slosh	pour
Slosh	clumsily.
Slosh	pour liquid on.
Slosh	slush.
Slosh	act or sound of splashing.
Slosh	heavy blow.
Sloshed	drunk.
Slot	slit in a machine etc. For a thing, esp.
Slot	coin, to be inserted.
Slot	slit, groove, etc. For a thing.
Slot	allotted place in a schedule, esp. In broadcasting.
Slot	place or be placed
Slot	into a slot.
Slot	provide with slots.
Sloth	laziness, indolence.
Sloth	slow-moving s. American mammal that hangs upside down in trees.
Slothful	Lazy.
Slot-machine	Machine worked by the insertion of a coin, esp. Selling small items or providing amusement.
Slouch	Stand, move, or sit in a drooping fashion.
Slouch	slouching posture or movement.
Slouch	incompetent or slovenly worker etc.
Slouch hat	Hat with a wide flexible brim.
Slough1	Swamp, miry place.
Slough2	Part that an animal casts or moults, esp.
Slough2	snake's cast skin.
Slough2	cast or drop off as a slough.
Slough of despond	State of hopeless depression.
Slovak	native of slovakia in czechoslovakia.
Slovak	language of slovakia, one of the two official languages of czechoslovakia.
Slovak	Of the slovaks or their language.
Sloven	Untidy or careless person.
Slovenly	Careless and untidy; unmethodical.
Slovenly	In a slovenly manner.
Slow	a taking a relatively long time to do a thing
Slow	acting, moving, or done without speed, not quick.
Slow	not conducive to speed
Slow	Showing a time earlier than is correct.
Slow	not understanding or learning readily.
Slow	dull, tedious.
Slow	slack, sluggish
Slow	giving little heat.
Slow	photog.
Slow	needing long exposure.
Slow	reluctant; not hasty
Slow	Slowly (also in
Slow	: slow-moving traffic).
Slow	reduce one's speed or the speed of
Slow	reduce one's pace of life.
Slow	Slowly
Slow	Slowness
Slowcoach	Slow person.
Slow-down	Action of slowing down.
Slow motion	speed of a film at which actions etc. Appear much slower than usual.
Slow motion	simulation of this in real action.
Slow-worm	Small european legless lizard.
Sludge	thick greasy mud or sediment.
Sludge	sewage.
Slug1	small shell-less mollusc often destroying plants.
Slug1	a bullet, esp. Of irregular shape.
Slug1	missile for an airgun.
Slug1	printing metal bar used in spacing.
Slug1	mouthful of drink
Sluggard	Lazy person.
Sluggish	Inert; slow-moving.
Sluggish	Sluggishness
Sluice	sliding gate or other contrivance for regulating the volume or flow of water.
Sluice	water so regulated.
Sluice	artificial water-channel, esp. For washing ore.
Sluice	place for rinsing.
Sluice	act of rinsing.
Sluice	provide or wash with a sluice or sluices.
Sluice	rinse, esp. With running water.
Sluice	wash out or away with a flow of water.
Sluice	rush out
Sluice	from a sluice.
Slum	house unfit for human habitation.
Slum	(often in
Slum	) Overcrowded and squalid district in a city.
Slum	visit slums, esp. Out of curiosity.
Slum	Put up with conditions less comfortable than usual.
Slumber	Poet. Or joc. Sleep.
Slump	Sudden severe or prolonged fall in prices and trade, usu. Bringing widespread unemployment.
Slump	undergo a slump.
Slump	sit or fall heavily or limply.
Slur	pronounce indistinctly with sounds running into one another.
Slur	Perform
Slur	legato.
Slur	or us put a slur on
Slur	pass over
Slur	Lightly.
Slur	imputation of wrongdoing.
Slur	act of slurring.
Slur	Curved line joining notes to be slurred.
Slurp	Eat or esp. Drink noisily.
Slurp	Sound of this.
Slurry	Thin semi-liquid cement, mud, manure, etc.
Slush	thawing muddy snow.
Slush	silly sentimentality.
Slush fund	Reserve fund, esp. For political bribery.
Slut	Derog. Slovenly or promiscuous woman.
Sly	cunning, crafty, wily.
Sly	secretive.
Sly	knowing; insinuating.
Sly	Slyness
Sm	Samarium.
Smack1	sharp slap or blow.
Smack1	hard hit at cricket etc.
Smack1	loud kiss.
Smack1	loud sharp sound.
Smack1	slap.
Smack1	part
Smack1	noisily in anticipation of food.
Smack1	move, hit, etc., with a smack.
Smack1	with a smack.
Smack1	suddenly; directly; violently.
Smack1	exactly
Smack1	Rebuff; setback.
Smack2	have a flavour of; taste of.
Smack2	suggest
Smack2	flavour.
Smack2	barely discernible quality.
Smack3	Single-masted sailing-boat.
Smack4	heroin or other hard drug.
Smacker	loud kiss.
Smacker	a £1.
Smacker	us $1.
Small	not large or big.
Small	not great in importance, amount, number, power, etc.
Small	not much; little
Small	insignificant
Small	of small particles
Small	on a small scale
Small	poor or humble.
Small	mean; ungenerous.
Small	young
Small	slenderest part of a thing, esp. Of the back.
Small	(in
Small	Underwear, esp. As laundry.
Small	Into small pieces
Small	Smallness
Small arms	pl. Portable firearms.
Small beer	Trifling thing.
Small change	Coins, not notes.
Small fry	Unimportant people; children.
Smallholder	Farmer of a smallholding.
Smallholding	Agricultural holding smaller than a farm.
Small hours	pl. Period soon after midnight.
Small-minded	Petty; narrow in outlook.
Smallpox	Hist. Acute contagious disease with fever and pustules, usu. Leaving scars.
Small print	Unfavourable clauses etc. In a contract, usu. Printed small.
Small-scale	Made or occurring on a small scale.
Small talk	Light social conversation.
Small-time	Unimportant, petty.
Smarm	smooth, plaster flat
Smarm	be ingratiating.
Smarm	Obsequiousness.
Smarmy	Ingratiating.
Smarmy	Smarminess
Smart	well-groomed, neat.
Smart	brightly coloured, newly painted, etc.
Smart	stylish, fashionable.
Smart	clever, ingenious, quickwitted.
Smart	quick, brisk.
Smart	painfully severe; sharp, vigorous.
Smart	feel or give pain.
Smart	rankle.
Smart	suffer the consequences of.
Smart	Sharp pain; stinging sensation.
Smart	Smartly.
Smart	Smartly
Smart	Smartness
Smart alec	Conceited know-all.
Smarten	make or become smart.
Smart money	Money invested by people with expert knowledge.
Smash	a break into pieces; shatter.
Smash	bring or come to sudden destruction, defeat, or disaster.
Smash	move with great force.
Smash	break with a crushing blow.
Smash	hit
Smash	With great force, esp. Downwards.
Smash	act of smashing, collision.
Smash	sound of this.
Smash	very successful play, song, performer, etc.
Smash	With a smash.
Smash-and-grab	Robbery in which a shop-window is smashed and goods seized.
Smasher	Beautiful or pleasing person or thing.
Smashing	Excellent, wonderful.
Smash-up	Violent collision.
Smattering	Slight superficial knowledge of a language etc.
Smear	daub or mark with grease etc.
Smear	smudge.
Smear	defame.
Smear	act of smearing.
Smear	med.
Smear	material smeared on a microscopic slide etc. For examination.
Smear	specimen of this.
Smell	faculty of perceiving odours.
Smell	quality in substances that is perceived by this.
Smell	unpleasant odour.
Smell	act of inhaling to ascertain smell.
Smell	(past and
Smell	Smelt or smelled)
Smell	perceive or examine by smell.
Smell	emit an odour; stink.
Smell	seem by smell to be
Smell	a emit the odour of
Smell	be suggestive of
Smell	perceive; detect
Smell	have or use a sense of smell.
Smelling-salts	pl. Sharp-smelling substances sniffed to relieve faintness etc.
Smelly	having a strong or unpleasant smell.
Smelt1	extract metal from
Smelt1	by melting.
Smelt1	extract
Smelt1	in this way.
Smelt3	small edible green and silver fish.
Smidgen	Small bit or amount.
Smilax	Any of several climbing shrubs.
Smile	have or assume a happy, kind, or amused expression, with the corners of the mouth turned up.
Smile	express by smiling
Smile	give
Smile	of a specified kind
Smile	favour
Smile	act of smiling.
Smile	smiling expression or aspect.
Smirch	Soil; discredit.
Smirch	Spot, stain.
Smirk	Conceited or silly smile.
Smirk	Give a smirk.
Smite	(-ting; past smote;
Smite	Smitten)
Smite	or literary a hit.
Smite	chastise; defeat.
Smite	affect strongly; seize
Smith	blacksmith.
Smith	(esp. In
Smith	) Worker in metal
Smith	(esp. In
Smith	) Craftsman
Smithereens	pl. Small fragments.
Smithy	blacksmith's workshop, forge.
Smitten	Of *smite.
Smock	loose shirtlike garment often ornamented with smocking.
Smock	loose overall.
Smock	Adorn with smocking.
Smocking	Ornamental effect on cloth made by gathering it tightly with stitches.
Smog	Smoke-laden fog.
Smoke	visible vapour from a burning substance.
Smoke	act of smoking tobacco.
Smoke	Cigarette or cigar.
Smoke	a inhale and exhale the smoke of
Smoke	do this habitually.
Smoke	emit smoke or visible vapour.
Smoke	darken or preserve with smoke
Smoke	Come to nothing. Smoke out
Smoke	drive out by means of smoke.
Smoke	drive out of hiding etc.
Smoke bomb	Bomb that emits dense smoke on exploding.
Smoke-free	free from smoke.
Smoke-free	where smoking is not permitted.
Smokeless	Producing little or no smoke; free from smoke.
Smokeless zone	District where only smokeless fuel may be used.
Smoker	person who habitually smokes.
Smoker	compartment on a train where smoking is allowed.
Smokescreen	cloud of smoke concealing
Smokescreen	operations.
Smokescreen	ruse for disguising one's activities.
Smokestack	chimney or funnel of a locomotive or steamer.
Smokestack	tall chimney.
Smoky	emitting, filled with, or obscured by, smoke.
Smoky	stained with or coloured like smoke.
Smoky	having the flavour of smoked food.
Smolder	burn slowly without flame or internally.
Smolder	be fierce but suppressed.
Smolder	show silent emotion.
Smolder	Smouldering.
Smooch	period of slow close dancing.
Smooch	period of kissing and caressing.
Smooch	Engage in a smooch.
Smooth	having an even surface; free from projections, dents, and roughness.
Smooth	that can be traversed without check.
Smooth	Calm, flat.
Smooth	Easy.
Smooth	not harsh in sound or taste.
Smooth	suave, conciliatory; slick.
Smooth	not jerky.
Smooth	make or become smooth.
Smooth	reduce or get rid of
Smooth	In fact or appearance.
Smooth	Smoothing touch or stroke.
Smooth	Smoothly.
Smooth	Smoothness
Smoothie	, often derog. Smooth person.
Smooth-tongued	Insincerely flattering.
Smorgasbord	Various esp. Savoury dishes as hors d'œuvres or a buffet meal.
Smother	suffocate, stifle.
Smother	overwhelm or cover with
Smother	extinguish
Smother	by covering it.
Smother	a die of suffocation.
Smother	have difficulty breathing.
Smother	suppress or conceal.
Smoulder	burn slowly without flame or internally.
Smoulder	be fierce but suppressed.
Smoulder	show silent emotion.
Smoulder	Smouldering.
Smudge	Blurred or smeared line, mark, blot, etc.
Smudge	make a smudge on or of.
Smudge	become smeared or blurred.
Smug	self-satisfied.
Smug	Smugness
Smuggle	Import or export illegally, esp. Without paying duties.
Smuggle	convey secretly.
Smuggle	Smuggling
Smut	small flake of soot etc.
Smut	spot or smudge made by this.
Smut	obscene talk, pictures, or stories.
Smut	fungous disease of cereals.
Smut	mark with smuts.
Sn	Tin.
Snack	light, casual, or hurried meal.
Snack	small amount of food eaten between meals.
Snack bar	Place where snacks are sold.
Snaffle	simple bridle-bit without a curb.
Snaffle	Steal; seize.
Snafu	In utter confusion.
Snafu	This state.
Snag	unexpected obstacle or drawback.
Snag	jagged projection.
Snag	tear in material etc.
Snag	catch or tear on a snag.
Snail	Slow-moving gastropod mollusc with a spiral shell.
Snail's pace	Very slow movement.
Snake	long limbless reptile.
Snake	traitor; secret enemy.
Snake	move or twist like a snake.
Snake-charmer	Person appearing to make snakes move by music etc.
Snakes and ladders	pl.
Snakes and ladders	Board-game with counters moved up ‘ladders’ and down ‘snakes’.
Snakeskin	Skin of a snake.
Snakeskin	Made of snakeskin.
Snaky	of or like a snake.
Snaky	winding, sinuous.
Snaky	cunning, treacherous.
Snap	break suddenly or with a cracking sound.
Snap	emit a sudden sharp crack.
Snap	open or close with a snapping sound.
Snap	speak or say irritably.
Snap	make a sudden audible bite.
Snap	move quickly
Snap	photograph.
Snap	act or sound of snapping.
Snap	crisp biscuit
Snap	snapshot.
Snap	sudden brief spell of cold weather.
Snap	a card-game in which players call ‘snap’ when two similar cards are exposed.
Snap	) On noticing an
Snap	similarity.
Snap	vigour, liveliness.
Snap	With a snap
Snap	Done without forethought
Snap	get rid of
Snap	By a sudden effort. Snap up accept
Snap	Quickly or eagerly.
Snapdragon	Plant with a two-lipped flower.
Snapper	Any of several edible marine fish.
Snappish	curt; ill-tempered; sharp.
Snappish	inclined to snap.
Snappy	brisk, lively.
Snappy	neat and elegant
Snappy	snappish.
Snapshot	Casual or informal photograph.
Snare	trap, esp. With a noose, for birds or animals.
Snare	trap, trick, or temptation.
Snare	(in sing. Or
Snare	) Twisted strings of gut, hide, or wire stretched across the lower head of a side-drum to produce a rattle.
Snare	drum fitted with snares.
Snare	catch in a snare; trap.
Snarl1	growl with bared teeth.
Snarl1	speak, say, or express angrily.
Snarl1	Act or sound of snarling.
Snarl2	twist; entangle; hamper the movement of
Snarl2	; become entangled or congested.
Snarl2	Knot, tangle.
Snarl-up	Traffic jam; muddle.
Snatch	seize or remove quickly, eagerly, or unexpectedly.
Snatch	a steal
Snatch	By grabbing. B
Snatch	kidnap.
Snatch	secure with difficulty.
Snatch	a try to seize.
Snatch	take
Snatch	Eagerly.
Snatch	act of snatching.
Snatch	fragment of a song or talk etc.
Snatch	kidnapping.
Snatch	short spell of activity etc.
Snazzy	smart, stylish, showy.
Snazzy	Snazziness
Sneak	Go or convey furtively.
Sneak	steal unobserved.
Sneak	tell tales; turn informer.
Sneak	(as sneaking
Sneak	furtive
Sneak	persistent and puzzling
Sneak	mean-spirited underhand person.
Sneak	tell-tale; informer.
Sneak	Acting or done without warning; secret.
Sneaker	soft-soled canvas shoe.
Sneak-thief	Thief who steals without breaking in.
Sneer	Contemptuous smile or remark.
Sneer	smile or speak derisively.
Sneer	say with a sneer.
Sneer	Sneeringly
Sneeze	Sudden loud involuntary expulsion of air from the nose and mouth caused by irritation of the nostrils.
Sneeze	make a sneeze.
Sneeze	Worth having or considering.
Snick	make a small notch or incision in.
Snick	cricket deflect
Snick	slightly with the bat.
Snick	small notch or cut.
Snick	cricket slight deflection of the ball.
Snide	Sneering; slyly derogatory.
Sniff	inhale air audibly through the nose.
Sniff	draw in through the nose.
Sniff	smell the scent of by sniffing.
Sniff	act or sound of sniffing.
Sniff	amount of air etc. Sniffed up.
Sniffer	Person who sniffs, esp.
Sniffer	drug etc. (often in
Sniffer	: glue-sniffer).
Sniffer-dog	Dog trained to sniff out drugs or explosives.
Sniffle	sniff slightly or repeatedly.
Sniffle	act of sniffling.
Sniffle	(in sing. Or
Sniffle	) Cold in the head causing sniffling.
Sniffy	disdainful.
Sniffy	Sniffiness
Snifter	small alcoholic drink.
Snigger	Half-suppressed laugh.
Snigger	Utter this.
Snip	Cut with scissors etc., esp. In small quick strokes.
Snip	act of snipping.
Snip	piece snipped off.
Snip	a something easily done.
Snip	bargain.
Snipe	wading bird with a long straight bill.
Snipe	fire shots from hiding, usu. At long range.
Snipe	make a sly critical attack.
Snipe	(in sense
Snippet	small piece cut off.
Snippet	(usu. In
Snippet	scrap of information etc.
Snippet	short extract from a book etc.
Snitch	steal.
Snitch	inform on a person.
Snitch	Informer.
Snivel	weep with sniffling.
Snivel	run at the nose; sniffle.
Snivel	show weak or tearful sentiment.
Snivel	Act of snivelling.
Snob	Person who despises those inferior in social position, wealth, intellect, taste, etc.
Snob	Snobbish
Snob	Snobby
Snog	engage in kissing and caressing.
Snog	Period of this.
Snood	Ornamental hairnet, worn usu. At the back of the head.
Snook	contemptuous gesture with the thumb to the nose and the fingers spread.
Snook	make this gesture.
Snook	register one's contempt.
Snooker	game played on an oblong cloth-covered table with a cue-ball,
Snooker	5 red, and
Snooker	coloured balls.
Snooker	position in this game in which a direct shot would lose points.
Snooker	Subject
Snooker	to a snooker.
Snooker	(esp. As snookered
Snooker	thwart, defeat.
Snoop	pry into another's affairs.
Snoop	investigate transgressions of rules, the law, etc.
Snoop	Act of snooping.
Snoop	Snoopy
Snooty	Supercilious; conceited; snobbish.
Snooze	Short sleep, nap.
Snooze	take a snooze.
Snore	Snorting or grunting sound of breathing during sleep.
Snore	make this sound.
Snorkel	breathing-tube for an underwater swimmer.
Snorkel	device for supplying air to a submerged submarine.
Snorkel	use a snorkel.
Snort	explosive sound made esp. By horses by the sudden forcing of breath through the nose.
Snort	similar human sound showing contempt, incredulity, etc.
Snort	Small drink of liquor.
Snort	inhaled dose of powdered cocaine etc.
Snort	make a snort.
Snort	inhale
Snort	express or utter with a snort.
Snot	nasal mucus.
Snotty	running or covered with nasal mucus.
Snotty	snooty.
Snotty	mean, contemptible.
Snotty	Snottiness
Snout	projecting nose and mouth of an animal.
Snout	derog. Person's nose.
Snout	pointed front of a thing.
Snow	frozen atmospheric vapour falling to earth in light white flakes.
Snow	fall or layer of this.
Snow	thing resembling snow in whiteness or texture etc.
Snow	cocaine.
Snow	snow falls
Snow	Confine or block with snow.
Snowball	Ball of compressed snow for throwing in play.
Snowball	throw or pelt with snowballs.
Snowball	increase rapidly.
Snowball-tree	Guelder rose.
Snowberry	shrub with white berries.
Snow-blind	Temporarily blinded by the glare from snow.
Snowblower	Machine that clears snow by blowing.
Snowbound	Prevented by snow from going out or travelling.
Snowcap	Snow-covered mountain peak.
Snowdrift	Bank of snow heaped up by the wind.
Snowdrop	Early spring plant with white drooping flowers.
Snowfall	fall of snow.
Snowfall	amount of this.
Snowflake	Each of the flakes in which snow falls.
Snow goose	White arctic goose.
Snowline	Level above which snow never melts entirely.
Snowman	Figure resembling a human, made of compressed snow.
Snowmobile	Motor vehicle, esp. With runners or caterpillar tracks, for travel over snow.
Snowplough	device or vehicle for clearing roads of thick snow.
Snowplow	device or vehicle for clearing roads of thick snow.
Snowshoe	Racket-shaped attachment to a boot for walking on snow without sinking in.
Snowstorm	Heavy fall of snow, esp. With a high wind.
Snow white	(as
Snow white	Often hyphenated) pure white.
Snowy	of or like snow.
Snowy	With much snow.
Snowy owl	Large white arctic owl.
Snp	Scottish national party.
Snr.	Senior.
Snub	rebuff or humiliate with sharp words or coldness.
Snub	Act of snubbing.
Snub	Short and blunt in shape.
Snub nose	Short turned-up nose.
Snuff1	Charred part of a candle-wick.
Snuff1	Trim the snuff from
Snuff1	die. Snuff out
Snuff1	extinguish
Snuff1	put an end to
Snuff2	Powdered tobacco or medicine taken by sniffing.
Snuff2	Take snuff.
Snuffbox	Small box for holding snuff.
Snuffer	Device for snuffing or extinguishing a candle.
Snuffle	make sniffing sounds.
Snuffle	speak or say nasally or whiningly.
Snuffle	breathe noisily, esp. With a blocked nose.
Snuffle	Snuffling sound or tone.
Snug	cosy, comfortable, sheltered.
Snug	close-fitting.
Snug	Small room in a pub.
Snuggery	snug place, den.
Snuggle	settle or draw into a warm comfortable position.
So1	to such an extent
So1	in this or that way; in the manner, position, or state described or implied
So1	also
So1	indeed, actually
So1	very
So1	Thus, this, that
So1	consequently
So1	in order that
So1	and then; as the next step
So1	then; after that
So1	and others of the same kind.
So1	and in other similar ways. Or so approximately
So1	. So as to in order to. So be it expression of acceptance or resignation. So long!
So1	Goodbye. So much
So1	a certain amount
So1	nothing but
So1	. So much for that is all that need be done or said about
So1	. So so
So1	Only moderately good or well. So what?
So1	That is not significant.
-so	Form
Soak	make or become thoroughly wet through saturation.
Soak	Drench.
Soak	absorb
Soak	refl.
Soak	steep
Soak	in a subject etc.
Soak	go or penetrate by saturation.
Soak	Extort money from.
Soak	Drink heavily.
Soak	act of soaking; prolonged spell in a bath.
Soak	Hard drinker.
Soakaway	Pit into which liquids may flow and then percolate slowly into the subsoil.
Soaking	wet through.
So-and-so	particular but unspecified person or thing.
So-and-so	Objectionable person.
Soap	cleansing agent yielding lather when rubbed in water.
Soap	Apply soap to.
Soapbox	Makeshift stand for a speaker in the street etc.
Soap flakes	pl. Thin flakes of soap for washing clothes etc.
Soap opera	Broadcast drama serial with domestic themes
Soap powder	Powdered soap, esp. With additives, for washing clothes etc.
Soapstone	Steatite.
Soapsuds	pl.
Soapwort	Plant with pink or white flowers, and leaves yielding a soapy substance.
Soapy	of or like soap.
Soapy	containing or smeared with soap.
Soapy	unctuous, flattering.
Soapy	Soapiness
Soar	fly or rise high.
Soar	reach a high level or standard.
Soar	fly without flapping the wings or using power.
Sob	inhale convulsively, usu. With weeping.
Sob	utter with sobs.
Sob	Act or sound of sobbing.
Sober	not drunk.
Sober	not given to drink.
Sober	moderate, tranquil, sedate, serious.
Sober	not exaggerated.
Sober	Quiet; dull.
Sober	make or become sober.
Sobriety	Being sober.
Sobriquet	nickname.
Sob story	Story or explanation appealing for sympathy.
Soc.	socialist.
Soc.	society.
So-called	Commonly called, often incorrectly.
Soccer	Association football.
Sociable	Liking company, gregarious; friendly.
Sociable	Sociably
Social	of society or its organization, esp. Of the relations of people or classes of people.
Social	living in organized communities.
Social	needing companionship; gregarious.
Social	Social gathering, esp. Of a club.
Social climber	Person anxious to gain a higher social status.
Social contract	Agreement between the state and population for mutual advantage.
Social democracy	Political system favouring a mixed economy and democratic social change.
Socialism	political and economic theory advocating state ownership and control of the means of production, distribution, and exchange.
Socialism	social system based on this.
Socialism	Socialistic
Socialite	Person moving in fashionable society.
Socialize	mix socially.
Socialize	make social.
Socialize	organize on socialistic principles.
Social science	The study of society and social relationships.
Social security	State assistance to the poor and unemployed etc.
Social services	pl. Welfare services provided by the state, esp. Education, health, and housing.
Social work	Professional or voluntary work with disadvantaged groups.
Society	organized and interdependent community.
Society	system and organization of this.
Society	aristocratic part of this; its members
Society	mixing with others; companionship, company.
Society	club, association
Society of friends	Pacifist christian sect with no written creed or ordained ministers; quakers.
Socio-	Form of society or sociology
Sociology	The study of society and social problems.
Sociology	Sociologist
Sock1	knitted covering for the foot and lower leg.
Sock1	insole.
Sock1	Make an effort to improve. Put a sock in it
Sock1	be quiet.
Sock2	Hit hard.
Sock2	Hard blow.
Socket	Hollow for something to fit into etc., esp.
Socket	device receiving an electric plug, light-bulb, etc.
Socratic	Of socrates or his philosophy.
Socratic irony	Pose of ignorance to entice others into refutable statements.
Socratic method	Dialectic, procedure by question and answer.
Sod1	turf, piece of turf.
Sod1	surface of the ground.
Sod2	unpleasant or awkward person or thing.
Sod2	fellow
Sod2	damn
Sod2	(as sodding
Sod2	) Damned.
Soda	compound of sodium in common use.
Soda	effervescent water used esp. With spirits etc. As a drink.
Soda bread	Bread leavened with baking-soda.
Soda fountain	device supplying soda water.
Soda fountain	shop or counter with this.
Sodden	saturated; soaked through.
Sodden	stupid or dull etc. With drunkenness.
Sodium	Soft silver-white metallic element.
Sodium bicarbonate	White crystalline compound used in baking-powder.
Sodium chloride	Common salt.
Sodium hydroxide	Strongly alkaline compound used in soap etc.; caustic soda.
Sodium lamp	Lamp using sodium vapour and giving a yellow light.
Sodium nitrate	White powdery compound used in fertilizers etc.
Sodomite	Person who practises sodomy.
Soever	Literary of any kind; to any extent
-soever	Form of any kind; to any extent
Sofa	Long upholstered seat with a back and arms.
Sofa bed	Sofa that can be converted into a bed.
Soffit	Undersurface of an arch, lintel, etc.
Soft	not hard; easily cut or dented; malleable.
Soft	Smooth; fine; not rough.
Soft	Mild, gentle.
Soft	low in mineral salts and lathering easily.
Soft	Not brilliant or glaring.
Soft	gentle, not loud.
Soft	sibilant
Soft	Vague, blurred.
Soft	gentle, conciliatory.
Soft	0 compassionate, sympathetic.
Soft	1 feeble, half-witted, silly, sentimental.
Soft	Easy.
Soft	not highly addictive.
Soft	not highly obscene.
Soft	likely to fall in value; not readily exchangeable into other currencies.
Soft	Softly.
Soft	be lenient towards.
Soft	be infatuated with. Have a soft spot for be fond of.
Soft	Softly
Soft	Softness
Softball	Form of baseball using a softer and larger ball.
Soft-boiled	boiled leaving the yolk soft.
Soft-centred	having a soft centre.
Soft-centred	soft-hearted; sentimental.
Soft drink	Non-alcoholic drink.
Soften	make or become soft or softer.
Soften	a make weaker by preliminary attack.
Soften	make
Soften	more receptive to persuasion.
Soft fruit	Small stoneless fruit
Soft furnishings	pl. Curtains, rugs, etc.
Soft-hearted	Tender, compassionate.
Softie	Weak, silly, or soft-hearted person.
Softly-softly	cautious and cunning.
Soft option	Easier alternative.
Soft palate	Rear part of the palate.
Soft pedal	Piano pedal that softens the tone.
Soft pedal	refrain from emphasizing; be restrained.
Soft sell	Restrained salesmanship.
Soft soap	Persuasive flattery.
Soft soap	Persuade with flattery.
Soft-spoken	Having a gentle voice.
Soft target	Vulnerable person or thing.
Soft touch	Gullible person, esp. Over money.
Software	Programs for a computer.
Softwood	Easily sawn wood of deciduous trees.
Soggy	sodden, saturated; too moist
Soh	Fifth note of a major scale.
Soigné	well-groomed.
Soil1	upper layer of earth in which plants grow.
Soil1	ground belonging to a nation; territory
Soil2	make dirty; smear or stain.
Soil2	defile; discredit.
Soil2	dirty mark.
Soil2	filth; refuse.
Soil pipe	Discharge-pipe of a lavatory.
Soirée	Evening party, usu. For conversation or music.
Soixante-neuf	mutual oral stimulation of the genitals.
Sojourn	Temporary stay.
Sojourn	Stay temporarily.
Sola	Pithy-stemmed e. Indian swamp plant.
Solace	Comfort in sadness, disappointment, or tedium.
Solace	give solace to.
Solan	large gooselike gannet.
Solar	Of or reckoned by the sun.
Solar battery	device converting solar radiation into electricity.
Solar day	Interval between meridian transits of the sun.
Solarium	room with sun-lamps or a glass roof etc.
Solar panel	Panel that absorbs the sun's rays as an energy source.
Solar plexus	Complex of nerves at the pit of the stomach.
Solar system	The sun and the celestial bodies whose motion it governs.
Solar year	Time taken for the earth to travel once round the sun.
Sola topi	Sun-helmet made from the pith of the sola plant.
Solder	Fusible alloy used to join metals or wires etc.
Solder	Join with solder.
Soldering iron	Heated tool for melting and applying solder.
Soldier	member of an army.
Soldier	private or nco in an army.
Soldier	Finger of bread for dipping into egg.
Soldier	Serve as a soldier.
Soldier	Persevere doggedly.
Soldier of fortune	Mercenary.
Soldiery	Soldiers, esp. Of a specified character.
Sole1	undersurface of the foot.
Sole1	part of a shoe, sock, etc., under the foot, esp. Other than the heel.
Sole1	lower surface or base of a plough, golf-club head, etc.
Sole1	provide
Sole1	With a sole.
Sole1	(in
Sole2	flat-fish used as food.
Sole3	One and only; single, exclusive.
Solecism	mistake of grammar or idiom.
Solecism	offence against etiquette.
Solely	alone
Solely	only
Solemn	serious and dignified.
Solemn	formal.
Solemn	awe-inspiring.
Solemn	serious or cheerless in manner.
Solemn	grave, sober
Solemn	Solemness
Solemnity	being solemn.
Solemnity	rite, ceremony.
Solemnize	duly perform (esp.
Solemnize	marriage ceremony).
Solemnize	make solemn.
Solenoid	Cylindrical coil of wire acting as a magnet when carrying electric current.
Sol-fa	System of syllables representing musical notes.
Soli	Of *solo.
Solicit	seek
Solicit	repeatedly or earnestly.
Solicit	Accost as a prostitute.
Solicitor	Lawyer qualified to advise clients and instruct barristers.
Solicitor-general	law officer below the attorney-general or the lord advocate.
Solicitous	showing interest or concern.
Solicitous	Eager, anxious.
Solicitude	Being solicitous.
Solid	firm and stable in shape; not liquid or fluid.
Solid	of such material throughout, not hollow.
Solid	of the same substance throughout
Solid	sturdily built; not flimsy or slender.
Solid	a three-dimensional.
Solid	of solids
Solid	a sound, reliable
Solid	dependable
Solid	sound but unexciting
Solid	financially sound.
Solid	uninterrupted
Solid	0 unanimous, undivided.
Solid	without spaces.
Solid	solid substance or body.
Solid	(in
Solid	) Solid food.
Solid	geom. Three-dimensional body or magnitude.
Solid	Solidly
Solid	Solidness
Solidarity	unity, esp. Political or in an industrial dispute.
Solidarity	mutual dependence.
Solidify	make or become solid.
Solidity	Being solid; firmness.
Solid-state	Using the electronic properties of solids (e.g.
Solid-state	semiconductor) to replace those of valves.
Solidus	oblique stroke
Soliloquy	talking without or regardless of hearers, esp. In a play.
Soliloquy	this part of a play.
Soliloquy	Soliloquize
Solipsism	Philosophical theory that the self is all that exists or can be known.
Solitaire	jewel set by itself.
Solitaire	ring etc. With this.
Solitaire	game for one player in which pegs etc. Are removed from a board by jumping others over them.
Solitaire	us
Solitary	living or being alone; not gregarious; lonely.
Solitary	secluded.
Solitary	single, sole.
Solitary	recluse.
Solitary confinement	Isolation in a separate prison cell.
Solitude	being solitary.
Solitude	lonely place.
Solo	musical piece or passage, or a dance, performed by one person.
Solo	thing done by one person, esp. An unaccompanied flight.
Solo	type of whist in which one player may oppose the others.
Solo	perform a solo.
Solo	Unaccompanied, alone.
Soloist	Performer of a solo, esp. In music.
Solomon's seal	Flowering plant with drooping green and white flowers.
Solstice	Either of the times when the sun is furthest from the equator.
Soluble	that can be dissolved, esp. In water.
Soluble	solvable.
Solute	Dissolved substance.
Solution	solving or means of solving a problem.
Solution	a conversion of a solid or gas into a liquid by mixture with a liquid.
Solution	state resulting from this.
Solution	dissolving or being dissolved.
Solve	answer, remove, or effectively deal with
Solvent	able to pay one's debts; not in debt.
Solvent	able to dissolve or form a solution with something.
Solvent	Solvent liquid etc.
Solvent	(in sense
Somatic	Of the body, not of the mind.
Somber	dark, gloomy, dismal.
Somber	Sombreness
Sombre	dark, gloomy, dismal.
Sombre	Sombreness
Sombrero	broad-brimmed hat worn esp. In latin america.
Some	unspecified amount or number of
Some	unknown or unspecified
Some	approximately
Some	considerable
Some	a at least a modicum of
Some	such up to a point
-some1	forming adjectives meaning:
-some1	producing
-some1	characterized by being
-some1	apt to
-some1	suitable for
-some2	forming nouns from numerals, meaning ‘a group of’
Somebody	Some person.
Somebody	important person.
Someday	At some time in the future.
Somehow	for some reason or other
Somehow	in some way; by some means.
Somersault	Leap or roll with the body turning through a circle.
Somersault	Perform this.
Something	unspecified or unknown thing
Something	unexpressed or intangible quantity, quality, or extent
Something	Notable person or thing.
Something	Something exceptional. Something like approximately. Something of to some extent
Sometime	at some time.
Sometime	formerly.
Sometime	Former.
Sometimes	Occasionally.
Somewhat	To some extent.
Somewhen	At some time.
Somewhere	In or to some place.
Somewhere	Some unspecified place.
Somnambulism	Sleepwalking.
Somnambulism	Somnambulist
Somnolent	sleepy, drowsy.
Somnolent	inducing drowsiness.
Son	boy or man in relation to his parent
Son	male descendant.
Son	male member of a family, etc.
Son	male descendent or inheritor of a quality etc.
Son	form of address, esp. To a boy.
Sonar	system for the underwater detection of objects by reflected sound.
Sonar	apparatus for this.
Sonata	Composition for one or two instruments, usu. In three or four movements.
Sonatina	Simple or short sonata.
Son et lumière	Entertainment by night at a historic building etc., using lighting effects and recorded sound to give a dramatic narrative of its history.
Song	words set to music or meant to be sung.
Song	vocal music.
Song	musical composition suggestive of a song.
Song	cry of some birds.
Song	Very cheaply.
Song and dance	Fuss, commotion.
Songbird	Bird with a musical call.
Songbook	Book of song lyrics and music.
Song cycle	Set of linked songs.
Songster	singer.
Songster	songbird.
Song thrush	Common thrush, noted for singing.
Songwriter	Writer of songs or the music for them.
Sonic	Of or using sound or sound waves.
Sonic bang	noise made when an aircraft passes the speed of sound.
Son-in-law	daughter's husband.
Sonnet	Poem of
Sonnet	4 lines with a fixed rhyme-scheme and, in english, usu. Ten syllables per line.
Sonny	Familiar form of address to a young boy.
Sonorous	having a loud, full, or deep sound; resonant.
Sonorous	Imposing.
Soon	in a short time
Soon	relatively early
Soon	readily or willingly
Soot	Black powdery deposit from smoke.
Sooth	truth.
Soothe	calm
Soothe	soften or mitigate
Soothsayer	Seer, prophet.
Sooty	covered with soot.
Sooty	black or brownish-black.
Sop	thing given or done to pacify or bribe.
Sop	piece of bread etc. Dipped in gravy etc.
Sop	(as sopping
Sop	) Drenched
Sop	soak or mop up.
Sophism	False argument, esp. One intended to deceive.
Sophist	Captious or clever but fallacious reasoner.
Sophisticate	Sophisticated person.
Sophisticated	worldly-wise; cultured; elegant.
Sophisticated	Highly developed and complex.
Sophistry	use of sophisms.
Sophistry	a sophism.
Sophomore	Us second-year university or high-school student.
Soporific	Inducing sleep.
Soporific	Soporific drug or influence.
Soppy	Mawkishly sentimental; silly; infatuated.
Soppy	Soppiness
Soprano	a highest singing-voice.
Soprano	female or boy singer with this voice.
Soprano	instrument of a high or the highest pitch in its family.
Sorbet	water-ice.
Sorbet	sherbet.
Sorcerer	magician, wizard.
Sordid	dirty, squalid.
Sordid	ignoble, mercenary.
Sordid	Sordidness
Sore	painful.
Sore	suffering pain.
Sore	aggrieved, vexed.
Sore	grievous or severe
Sore	inflamed place on the skin or flesh.
Sore	source of distress or annoyance.
Sore	grievously, severely.
Sorely	Extremely
Sore point	Subject causing distress or annoyance.
Sorghum	Tropical cereal grass.
Sorority	us female students' society in a university or college.
Sorrel1	Sour-leaved herb.
Sorrel2	Of a light reddish-brown colour.
Sorrel2	this colour.
Sorrel2	sorrel animal, esp.
Sorrel2	horse.
Sorrow	mental distress caused by loss or disappointment etc.
Sorrow	cause of sorrow.
Sorrow	Feel sorrow, mourn.
Sorrowful	Feeling, causing, or showing sorrow.
Sorry	pained, regretful, penitent
Sorry	feeling pity or sympathy for.
Sorry	Wretched
Sorry	Expression of apology.
Sort	group of similar things etc.; class or kind.
Sort	Person of a specified kind
Sort	arrange systematically; put in order.
Sort	Barely deserving the name
Sort	. Out of sorts slightly unwell; in low spirits. Sort of
Sort	As it were; to some extent. Sort out
Sort	separate into sorts.
Sort	select from a varied group.
Sort	disentangle or put into order.
Sort	solve.
Sort	Deal with or reprimand.
Sortie	sally, esp. From a besieged garrison.
Sortie	operational military flight.
Sortie	make a sortie.
Sos	international code-signal of extreme distress.
Sos	urgent appeal for help.
Sostenuto	In a sustained or prolonged manner.
Sostenuto	passage to be played in this way.
Sot	Habitual drunkard.
Sotto voce	In an undertone.
Sou	Very small sum of money.
Sou	hist. Former french coin of low value.
Soubrette	pert maidservant etc. In a comedy.
Soubrette	actress taking this part.
Soufflé	Light spongy sweet or savoury dish usu. Made with stiffly beaten egg-whites and gelatine.
Sough	Moan or whisper like the wind in trees etc.
Sough	This sound.
Sought-after	Generally desired.
Souk	Market-place in muslim countries.
Soul	spiritual or immaterial part of a person, often regarded as immortal.
Soul	moral, emotional, or intellectual nature of a person.
Soul	personification or pattern
Soul	an individual
Soul	person regarded with familiarity or pity etc.
Soul	person regarded as an animating or essential part
Soul	energy or intensity, esp. In a work of art.
Soul-destroying	Tedious, monotonous.
Soul food	Traditional food of american blacks.
Soulful	Having, expressing, or evoking deep feeling.
Soulless	lacking sensitivity or noble qualities.
Soulless	undistinguished or uninteresting.
Soul mate	Person ideally suited to another.
Soul music	Black american music with rhythm and blues, gospel, and rock elements.
Soul-searching	Introspection.
Sound1	sensation caused in the ear by the vibration of the surrounding air or other medium.
Sound1	vibrations causing this sensation.
Sound1	what is or may be heard.
Sound1	idea or impression conveyed by words
Sound1	mere words.
Sound1	emit sound.
Sound1	utter, pronounce
Sound1	convey an impression when heard
Sound1	give an audible signal for
Sound1	test
Sound1	By the sound produced.
Sound2	healthy; not diseased, injured, or rotten.
Sound2	Correct, well-founded.
Sound2	financially secure.
Sound2	undisturbed
Sound2	thorough
Sound2	Soundly
Sound2	Soundness
Sound3	test the depth or quality of the bottom of
Sound3	inquire
Sound3	into the opinions or feelings of
Sound4	Strait
Sound barrier	High resistance of air to objects moving at speeds near that of sound.
Sound bite	Short pithy extract from an interview, speech, etc., as part of a news etc. Broadcast.
Soundbox	The hollow body of a stringed musical instrument, providing resonance.
Sound effect	Sound other than speech or music made artificially for a film, broadcast, etc.
Sounding	measurement of the depth of water.
Sounding	(in
Sounding	) Region close enough to the shore for sounding.
Sounding	(in
Sounding	) Cautious investigation.
Sounding-balloon	Balloon used to obtain information about the upper atmosphere.
Sounding-board	a person etc. Used to test opinion.
Sounding-board	means of disseminating opinions etc.
Sounding-board	canopy directing sound towards an audience.
Sounding-line	Line used in sounding.
Sounding-rod	Rod used in sounding water in a ship's hold.
Soundproof	Impervious to sound.
Soundproof	Make soundproof.
Sound system	Equipment for sound reproduction.
Soundtrack	the sound element of a film or videotape.
Soundtrack	recording of this made available separately.
Soundtrack	any single track in a multi-track recording.
Sound wave	Wave of compression and rarefaction, by which sound is transmitted in the air etc.
Soup	Liquid food made by boiling meat, fish, or vegetables.
Soup	increase the power of
Soup	enliven
Soup	In difficulties.
Soupçon	Small quantity; trace.
Soup-kitchen	Place dispensing soup etc. To the poor.
Soup-plate	Deep wide-rimmed plate.
Soup-spoon	Large round-bowled spoon.
Soupy	like soup.
Soupy	sentimental.
Sour	acid in taste or smell, esp. Because unripe or fermented.
Sour	morose; bitter.
Sour	unpleasant; distasteful.
Sour	dank.
Sour	Make or become sour.
Sour	turn out badly.
Sour	lose one's keenness.
Sour	Sourness
Source	place from which a river or stream issues.
Source	place of origination.
Source	person or document etc. Providing information.
Sour grapes	pl. Resentful disparagement of something one covets.
Sourpuss	Sour-tempered person.
Souse	immerse in pickle or other liquid.
Souse	(as soused
Souse	Drunk.
Souse	soak
Souse	in liquid.
Souse	a pickle made with salt.
Souse	us food in pickle.
Souse	plunge or drench in water.
Soutane	Cassock worn by a roman catholic priest.
South	point of the horizon
South	0° clockwise from east.
South	compass point corresponding to this.
South	direction in which this lies.
South	part of the world, a country, or a town to the south.
South	towards, at, near, or facing the south.
South	from the south
South	towards, at, or near the south.
South	further south than.
South african	Of the republic of south africa.
South african	native or national of south africa.
South african	person of south african descent.
South american	Of south america.
South american	Native or national of a south american country.
Southbound	Travelling or leading southwards.
South-east	Part of a country or town to the south-east.
South-east	point of the horizon midway between south and east.
South-east	direction in which this lies.
South-east	Of, towards, or coming from the south-east.
South-east	Towards, at, or near the south-east.
Southeaster	South-east wind.
South-eastern	On the south-east side.
Southerly	in a southern position or direction.
Southerly	from the south.
Southerly	such a wind.
Southern	Of or in the south.
Southern cross	Southern constellation in the shape of a cross.
Southerner	Native or inhabitant of the south.
Southern hemisphere	The half of the earth south of the equator.
Southern lights	pl. Aurora australis.
Southpaw	Left-handed person, esp. In boxing.
Southpaw	Left-handed.
South sea	southern pacific ocean.
South-south-east	Point or direction midway between south and south-east.
South-south-west	Point or direction midway between south and south-west.
Southward	towards the south.
Southward	Southward direction or region.
South-west	Part of a country or town to the south-west.
South-west	point of the horizon midway between south and west.
South-west	direction in which this lies.
South-west	Of, towards, or coming from the south-west.
South-west	Towards, at, or near the south-west.
Southwester	South-west wind.
South-western	On the south-west side.
Souvenir	Memento of an occasion, place, etc.
Sou'wester	waterproof hat with a broad flap covering the neck.
Sou'wester	south-west wind.
Sovereign	supreme ruler, esp.
Sovereign	monarch.
Sovereign	hist. British gold coin nominally worth £1.
Sovereign	supreme
Sovereign	self-governing
Sovereign	royal
Sovereign	excellent; effective
Sovereign	unmitigated
Sovereignty	supremacy.
Sovereignty	a self-government.
Sovereignty	self-governing state.
Sow1	(past sowed;
Sow1	Sown or sowed)
Sow1	scatter
Sow1	on or in the earth.
Sow1	plant with seed.
Sow1	initiate
Sow2	Adult female pig.
Soy	sauce from pickled soya beans.
Soya	a leguminous plant yielding edible oil and flour and used to replace animal protein.
Soya	seed of this.
Sozzled	Very drunk.
Spa	curative mineral spring.
Spa	resort with this.
Space	a continuous expanse in which things exist and move.
Space	amount of this taken by a thing or available.
Space	interval between points or objects.
Space	empty area
Space	a outdoor urban recreation area
Space	large unoccupied region
Space	interval of time
Space	amount of paper used in writing, available for advertising, etc.
Space	a blank between printed, typed, or written words, etc.
Space	piece of metal providing this.
Space	freedom to think, be oneself, etc.
Space	set or arrange at intervals.
Space	put spaces between.
Space	(as spaced
Space	euphoric, esp. From taking drugs.
Space age	Era of space travel.
Space age	very modern.
Spacecraft	Vehicle for travelling in outer space.
Space invaders	pl. Computer game in which players combat aliens.
Spaceman	astronaut.
Space-saving	Occupying little space or helping to save space.
Spaceship	Spacecraft.
Space shuttle	Spacecraft for repeated use, esp. Between the earth and a space station.
Space station	Artificial satellite as a base for operations in outer space.
Spacesuit	Sealed pressurized suit for an astronaut in outer space.
Space–time	Fusion of the concepts of space and time as a four-dimensional continuum.
Spacious	Having ample space; roomy.
Spacious	Spaciousness
Spade1	Long-handled digging tool with a broad sharp-edged metal blade.
Spade2	a playing-card of a suit denoted by black inverted heart-shaped figures with short stalks.
Spade2	) This suit.
Spade2	offens. Black person.
Spadework	Hard preparatory work.
Spaghetti	Pasta in long thin strands.
Spaghetti bolognese	Spaghetti with a meat and tomato sauce.
Spaghetti junction	Multi-level road junction, esp. On a motorway.
Spaghetti western	Cowboy film made cheaply in italy.
Spam	Propr. Tinned meat made from ham.
Span1	full extent from end to end.
Span1	each part of a bridge between supports.
Span1	maximum lateral extent of an aeroplane or its wing, or a bird's wing, etc.
Span1	a maximum distance between the tips of the thumb and little finger.
Span1	this as a measure of
Span1	in.
Span1	stretch from side to side of; extend across.
Span1	bridge
Spandrel	Space between the curve of an arch and the surrounding rectangular moulding, or between the curves of adjoining arches and the moulding above.
Spangle	Small piece of glittering material, esp. One of many used to ornament a dress etc.; sequin.
Spangle	(esp. As spangled
Spangle	) Cover with or as with spangles
Spaniard	native or national of spain.
Spaniard	person of spanish descent.
Spaniel	Dog of a breed with a long silky coat and drooping ears.
Spanish	Of spain, its people, or language.
Spanish	the language of spain and spanish america.
Spanish	The people of spain.
Spanish main	Hist. Ne coast of s. America and adjoining parts of the caribbean sea.
Spanish omelette	Omelette with chopped vegetables in the mix.
Spanish onion	Large mild-flavoured onion.
Spank	slap, esp. On the buttocks as punishment.
Spank	Move briskly.
Spank	Slap, esp. On the buttocks.
Spanker	Fore-and-aft sail set on the after side of the mizen-mast.
Spanking	brisk.
Spanking	Striking; excellent.
Spanking	Very
Spanking	Slapping on the buttocks.
Spanner	Tool for turning a nut on a bolt etc.
Spanner in the works	Impediment.
Spar1	stout pole, esp. As a ship's mast etc.
Spar1	main longitudinal beam of an aeroplane wing.
Spar2	make the motions of boxing without heavy blows.
Spar2	argue.
Spar2	sparring motion.
Spar2	boxing-match.
Spar3	Easily split crystalline mineral.
Spare	a not required for normal or immediate use; extra.
Spare	for emergency or occasional use.
Spare	lean; thin.
Spare	frugal.
Spare	Spare part.
Spare	afford to give, do without; dispense with
Spare	a refrain from killing, hurting, etc.
Spare	abstain from inflicting
Spare	be frugal or grudging of
Spare	Become very angry or distraught. Not spare oneself exert one's utmost efforts. Spare a person's life not kill him or her. To spare left over; additional
Spare	Spareness
Spare part	Duplicate, esp. As a replacement.
Spare-rib	Closely-trimmed ribs of esp. Pork.
Spare time	Leisure.
Spare tyre	Roll of fat round the waist.
Sparing	frugal; economical.
Sparing	restrained.
Spark	fiery particle thrown from a fire, alight in ashes, or produced by a flint, match, etc.
Spark	small amount
Spark	a flash of light between electric conductors etc.
Spark	this serving to ignite the explosive mixture in an internal-combustion engine.
Spark	a flash of wit etc.
Spark	witty or lively person.
Spark	emit a spark or sparks.
Spark	stir into activity; initiate.
Sparkle	a emit or seem to emit sparks; glitter, glisten.
Sparkle	be witty; scintillate.
Sparkle	Effervesce.
Sparkle	glitter.
Sparkle	lively quality
Sparkler	hand-held sparkling firework.
Sparkler	Diamond.
Spark-plug	device for making a spark in an internal-combustion engine.
Sparring partner	boxer employed to spar with another as training.
Sparring partner	person with whom one enjoys arguing.
Sparrow	Small brownish-grey bird.
Sparrowhawk	Small hawk.
Sparse	Thinly dispersed or scattered.
Sparse	Sparseness
Sparse	Sparsity
Spartan	of sparta in ancient greece.
Spartan	austere, rigorous, frugal.
Spartan	Citizen of sparta.
Spasm	sudden involuntary muscular contraction.
Spasm	convulsive movement or emotion etc.
Spasm	Brief spell.
Spasmodic	Of or in spasms, intermittent.
Spastic	Of or having cerebral palsy.
Spastic	spastic person.
Spastic	offens. Stupid or incompetent person.
Spat2	(usu. In
Spat2	) Hist. Short gaiter covering a shoe.
Spat3	Petty or brief quarrel.
Spat4	Spawn of shellfish, esp. The oyster.
Spate	river-flood
Spate	unexpected occurrence of similar events
Spathe	Large bract
Spathe	enveloping a flower-cluster.
Spatial	Of space.
Spatter	Splash or scatter in drips.
Spatter	splash.
Spatter	pattering.
Spatula	Broad-bladed flexible implement used for spreading, stirring, mixing paints, etc.
Spawn	Produce
Spawn	be produced as eggs or young.
Spawn	produce or generate in large numbers.
Spawn	eggs of fish, frogs, etc.
Spawn	mycelium of mushrooms or other fungi.
Spay	Sterilize
Spay	by removing the ovaries.
Speak	(past spoke;
Speak	Spoken)
Speak	utter words in an ordinary voice.
Speak	utter
Speak	a converse; talk
Speak	mention in writing etc.
Speak	act as spokesman for.
Speak	speak with reference to; support in words
Speak	make a speech.
Speak	use or be able to use
Speak	a convey an idea
Speak	communicate feeling etc.; affect, touch
Speak	speak loudly or freely; speak louder.
Speak	defend. Speak volumes be very significant.
-speak	Form jargon
Speakeasy	us hist.
Speakeasy	place where alcoholic liquor was sold illicitly.
Speaker	person who speaks, esp. In public.
Speaker	person who speaks a specified language (esp. In
Speaker	: a french-speaker).
Speaker	presiding officer in a legislative assembly, esp. The house of commons.
Speaking clock	Telephone service announcing the correct time.
Spear	thrusting or throwing weapon with a long shaft and a pointed usu. Steel tip.
Spear	a tip and stem of asparagus, broccoli, etc.
Spear	blade of grass etc.
Spear	Pierce or strike
Spear	with a spear.
Spearhead	point of a spear.
Spearhead	person or group leading an attack etc.
Spearhead	Act as the spearhead of
Spearmint	Common garden mint, used in cookery and to flavour chewing-gum etc.
Spearwort	Aquatic plant with narrow spear-shaped leaves and yellow flowers.
Spec1	Speculation.
Spec2	Detailed working description; specification.
Special	a exceptional.
Special	peculiar; specific.
Special	for a particular purpose.
Special	for children with special needs
Special	Special constable, train, edition of a newspaper, dish on a menu, etc.
Special	Specialness
Special branch	Police department dealing with political security.
Special constable	Person trained to assist the police in routine duties or in an emergency.
Special correspondent	Journalist writing on special events or a special subject.
Special delivery	Delivery of mail outside the normal delivery schedule.
Special edition	Extra late edition of a newspaper.
Special effects	pl. Illusions created by props, camera-work, etc.
Specialist	person trained in a particular branch of a profession, esp. Medicine.
Specialist	person who specially studies a subject or area.
Speciality	special subject, product, activity, etc.
Speciality	special feature or skill.
Specialize	a be or become a specialist.
Specialize	devote oneself to an interest, skill, etc.
Specialize	adapt for a particular purpose
Specialize	(as specialized
Specialize	) Of a specialist
Special licence	Licence allowing immediate marriage without banns.
Special pleading	Biased reasoning.
Specialty	esp. Us
Specie	Coin as opposed to paper money.
Species	class of things having some common characteristics.
Species	group of animals or plants within a genus, differing only slightly from others and capable of interbreeding.
Species	kind, sort.
Specific	clearly defined
Specific	relating to a particular subject; peculiar.
Specific	exact, giving full details
Specific	Having a distinct effect in curing a certain disease.
Specific	specific medicine or remedy.
Specific	specific aspect or factor
Specific	Specificity
Specification	act of specifying.
Specification	(esp. In
Specification	) Detail of the design and materials etc. Of work done or to be done.
Specific heat capacity	Heat required to raise the temperature of the unit mass of a given substance by a given amount
Specify	Name or mention expressly or as a condition
Specify	include in specifications.
Specimen	individual or sample taken as an example of a class or whole, esp. In experiments etc.
Specimen	sample of urine for testing.
Specimen	Usu. Derog. Person of a specified sort.
Specious	Plausible but wrong
Speck	small spot or stain.
Speck	particle.
Speck	(esp. As specked
Speck	) Marked with specks.
Speckle	Speck, esp. One of many markings.
Speckle	(esp. As speckled
Speckle	) Mark with speckles.
Specs	Spectacles.
Spectacle	striking, impressive, or ridiculous sight.
Spectacle	public show.
Spectacle	object of public attention.
Spectacled	Wearing spectacles.
Spectacles	pl. Pair of lenses in a frame resting on the nose and ears, used to correct defective eyesight.
Spectacular	Striking, impressive, lavish.
Spectacular	Spectacular show.
Spectator	Person who watches a show, game, incident, etc.
Spectator	informal.
Spectator sport	Sport attracting many spectators.
Specter	ghost.
Specter	haunting presentiment
Spectra	Of *spectrum.
Spectral	of or like a spectre; ghostly.
Spectral	of the spectrum or spectra.
Spectre	ghost.
Spectre	haunting presentiment
Spectrometer	Instrument for measuring observed spectra.
Spectroscope	Instrument for recording spectra for examination.
Spectroscope	Spectroscopy
Spectrum	band of colours as seen in a rainbow etc.
Spectrum	entire or wide range of a subject, emotion, etc.
Spectrum	distribution of electromagnetic radiation in which the parts are arranged according to wavelength.
Specula	Of *speculum.
Speculate	theorize, conjecture.
Speculate	deal in a commodity or asset in the hope of profiting from fluctuating prices.
Speculate	Speculative
Speculate	Speculator
Speculum	instrument for dilating orifices of the body.
Speculum	mirror of polished metal in a telescope.
Speech	faculty, act, or manner of speaking.
Speech	formal public address.
Speech	language of a nation, group, etc.
Speech day	School celebration with speeches, prize-giving, etc.
Speechify	joc. Make esp. Boring or long speeches.
Speechless	Temporarily silent because of emotion etc.
Speech therapy	Treatment for defective speech.
Speed	rapidity of movement.
Speed	rate of progress or motion.
Speed	gear appropriate to a range of speeds of a bicycle.
Speed	photog.
Speed	sensitivity of film to light.
Speed	light-gathering power of a lens.
Speed	duration of an exposure.
Speed	amphetamine drug.
Speed	success, prosperity.
Speed	(past and
Speed	Sped)
Speed	go or send quickly.
Speed	(past and
Speed	Speeded) travel at an illegal or dangerous speed.
Speed	be or make prosperous or successful.
Speedboat	High-speed motor boat.
Speed limit	Maximum permitted speed on a road etc.
Speedometer	Instrument on a vehicle indicating its speed.
Speedway	a motor-cycle racing.
Speedway	arena for this.
Speedway	us road or track for fast traffic.
Speedwell	Small plant with bright blue flowers.
Speedy	rapid.
Speedy	done without delay; prompt.
Speedy	Speediness
Speleology	The study of caves.
Spell1	(past and
Spell1	Spelt or spelled)
Spell1	Write or name correctly the letters of
Spell1	form
Spell1	result in
Spell1	make out
Spell1	Letter by letter.
Spell1	explain in detail.
Spell2	words used as a charm or incantation etc.
Spell2	effect of these.
Spell2	fascination exercised by a person, activity, etc.
Spell3	short or fairly short period
Spell3	period of some activity or work.
Spellbind	(past and
Spellbind	Spellbound)
Spellbind	(esp. As spellbinding
Spellbind	) Hold the attention as if with a spell; entrance.
Spellbind	(as spellbound
Spellbind	) Entranced, fascinated.
Spelling	way a word is spelt.
Spelling	ability to spell.
Spelt2	kind of wheat giving very fine flour.
Spend	(past and
Spend	Spent)
Spend	pay out
Spend	a use or consume
Spend	use up
Spend	(as spent
Spend	) Having lost its original force or strength; exhausted.
Spend	Go to the lavatory.
Spendthrift	Extravagant person.
Spendthrift	Extravagant.
Sperm	semen.
Spermaceti	White waxy substance from the sperm whale, used for ointments etc.
Spermatozoon	mature sex cell in semen.
Sperm bank	Store of semen for artificial insemination.
Sperm count	Number of spermatozoa in one ejaculation or a measured amount of semen.
Spermicide	Substance able to kill spermatozoa.
Sperm whale	Large whale yielding spermaceti.
Spew	vomit.
Spew	gush.
Sphagnum	moss growing in bogs, used as packing etc.
Sphere	solid figure with every point on its surface equidistant from its centre; its surface.
Sphere	ball, globe.
Sphere	a field of action, influence, etc.
Sphere	social class.
Sphere	hist. Each of the revolving shells in which celestial bodies were thought to be set.
Spherical	shaped like a sphere.
Spherical	of spheres.
Spheroid	Spherelike but not perfectly spherical body.
Sphincter	Ring of muscle surrounding and closing an opening in the body.
Sphinx	winged monster with a woman's head and a lion's body, whose riddle oedipus guessed.
Sphinx	antiq.
Sphinx	ancient egyptian stone figure with a lion's body and a human or animal head.
Spice	aromatic or pungent vegetable substance used to flavour food.
Spice	spices collectively.
Spice	a piquant quality.
Spice	slight flavour or suggestion.
Spice	flavour with spice.
Spice	enhance
Spick and span	neat and clean.
Spick and span	smart and new.
Spicy	of or flavoured with spice.
Spicy	piquant; sensational, improper.
Spider	Eight-legged arthropod of which many species spin webs esp. To capture insects as food.
Spider crab	Crab with long thin legs.
Spider monkey	Monkey with long limbs and a prehensile tail.
Spider plant	House plant with long narrow striped leaves.
Spidery	Elongated and thin
Spiel	glib speech or story; sales pitch.
Spigot	small peg or plug, esp. In a cask.
Spigot	device for controlling the flow of liquid in a tap.
Spike1	a sharp point.
Spike1	pointed piece of metal, esp. The top of an iron railing.
Spike1	a metal point in the sole of a running-shoe to prevent slipping.
Spike1	) Spiked running-shoes.
Spike1	pointed metal rod used for filing rejected news items.
Spike1	large nail.
Spike1	put spikes on or into.
Spike1	fix on a spike.
Spike1	lace
Spike1	with alcohol etc.
Spike1	contaminate with something added.
Spike1	Reject
Spike2	Cluster of flower-heads on a long stem.
Spikenard	tall sweet-smelling indian plant.
Spikenard	hist. Perfumed ointment formerly made from this.
Spiky	like a spike; having or sticking up in spikes.
Spiky	Touchy, irritable.
Spiky	Spikiness
Spill1	(past and
Spill1	Spilt or spilled)
Spill1	fall or run or cause
Spill1	To fall or run out of a container, esp. Accidentally.
Spill1	a throw from a vehicle, saddle, etc.
Spill1	leave a place quickly.
Spill1	disclose
Spill1	shed
Spill1	spilling or being spilt.
Spill1	tumble, esp. From a horse, bicycle, etc.
Spill1	Divulge information etc. Spill over overflow.
Spill2	Thin strip of wood or paper etc. For lighting a fire, pipe, etc.
Spillikin	splinter of wood etc.
Spillikin	(in
Spillikin	) Game in which thin rods are removed one at a time from a heap without moving the others.
Spillway	Passage for surplus water from a dam.
Spin	(-nn-; past and
Spin	Spun)
Spin	turn or whirl round quickly.
Spin	draw out and twist
Spin	Into threads.
Spin	make
Spin	in this way.
Spin	Make
Spin	By extruding a fine viscous thread.
Spin	be dizzy through excitement etc.
Spin	tell or write
Spin	(as spun
Spin	) Made into threads
Spin	toss
Spin	= spin-dry
Spin	spinning motion; whirl.
Spin	rotating dive of an aircraft.
Spin	secondary twisting motion, e.g. Of a ball in flight.
Spin	Brief drive, esp. In a car.
Spina bifida	Congenital spinal defect in which part of the spinal cord protrudes.
Spinach	Green vegetable with edible leaves.
Spinal	Of the spine.
Spinal column	Spine.
Spinal cord	Cylindrical nervous structure within the spine.
Spin bowler	Cricket bowler who imparts spin to a ball.
Spindle	slender rod or bar, often tapered, for twisting and winding thread.
Spindle	pin or axis that revolves or on which something revolves.
Spindle	turned piece of wood used as a banister, chair leg, etc.
Spindle tree	Tree with hard wood used for spindles.
Spindly	long or tall and thin; thin and weak.
Spin-drier	machine for drying clothes by spinning them in a rapidly revolving drum.
Spindrift	Spray on the surface of the sea.
Spine	vertebrae extending from the skull to the coccyx; backbone.
Spine	needle-like outgrowth of an animal or plant.
Spine	part of a book enclosing the page-fastening.
Spine	sharp ridge or projection.
Spine-chiller	Frightening and usu. Exciting story, film, etc.
Spineless	having no spine; invertebrate.
Spineless	lacking resolve, feeble.
Spinet	Hist. Small harpsichord with oblique strings.
Spinnaker	Large triangular sail opposite the mainsail of a racing-yacht.
Spinner	spin bowler.
Spinner	person or thing that spins, esp.
Spinner	manufacturer engaged in cotton-spinning.
Spinner	revolving bait.
Spinneret	spinning-organ in a spider etc.
Spinneret	device for forming synthetic fibre.
Spinney	small wood; thicket.
Spinning-jenny	Hist. Machine for spinning fibres with more than one spindle at a time.
Spinning wheel	Household device for spinning yarn or thread, with a spindle driven by a wheel with a crank or treadle.
Spin-off	Incidental result or benefit, esp. From technology.
Spinster	formal unmarried woman.
Spinster	woman, esp. Elderly, thought unlikely to marry.
Spiny	having many spines.
Spiraea	shrub with clusters of small white or pink flowers.
Spiral	coiled in a plane or as round a cylinder or cone.
Spiral	having this shape.
Spiral	spiral curve or thing
Spiral	progressive rise or fall of two or more quantities alternately because each depends on the other
Spiral	move in a spiral course.
Spiral	Rise or fall continuously.
Spiral staircase	Circular staircase round a central axis.
Spirant	Uttered with a continuous expulsion of breath.
Spirant	Such a consonant.
Spire	tapering structure, esp. On a church tower.
Spire	any tapering thing.
Spirea	shrub with clusters of small white or pink flowers.
Spirit	person's essence or intelligence; soul.
Spirit	a rational or intelligent being without a material body.
Spirit	ghost.
Spirit	a person's character
Spirit	attitude
Spirit	type of person
Spirit	prevailing tendency
Spirit	a (usu. In
Spirit	) Strong distilled liquor, e.g. Whisky or gin.
Spirit	distilled volatile liquid
Spirit	purified alcohol
Spirit	a courage, vivacity.
Spirit	) State of mind, mood
Spirit	essential as opposed to formal meaning
Spirit	Convey rapidly or mysteriously.
Spirited	lively, courageous.
Spirited	(in
Spirited	) In a specified mood
Spirit gum	Quick-drying gum for attaching false hair.
Spirit-lamp	Lamp burning methylated spirit etc. Instead of oil.
Spiritless	Lacking vigour.
Spirit-level	Device with a glass tube nearly filled with alcohol, used to test horizontality.
Spiritual	of the spirit or soul
Spiritual	religious, divine, inspired.
Spiritual	refined, sensitive.
Spiritual	religious song orig. Of american blacks.
Spiritual	Spiritually
Spiritualism	Belief in, and supposed practice of, communication with the dead, esp. Through mediums.
Spiritualism	Spiritualistic
Spirituous	very alcoholic.
Spirituous	distilled as well as fermented.
Spirochaete	Any of various flexible spiral-shaped bacteria.
Spirogyra	Freshwater alga containing spiral bands of chlorophyll.
Spit1	(-tt-; past and
Spit1	Spat or spit)
Spit1	Eject
Spit1	from the mouth.
Spit1	do this in contempt or anger.
Spit1	utter vehemently.
Spit1	Throw out with an explosion.
Spit1	fall lightly.
Spit1	make a spitting noise.
Spit1	spittle.
Spit1	act of spitting.
Spit1	Say it quickly and concisely.
Spit2	rod for skewering meat for roasting on a fire etc.
Spit2	point of land projecting into the sea.
Spit2	pierce
Spit2	with a spit.
Spit and polish	Esp. Military cleaning and polishing.
Spite	Ill will, malice.
Spite	hurt, harm, or frustrate
Spite	through spite.
Spiteful	Malicious.
Spitfire	Person of fiery temper.
Spit-roast	Roast on a spit.
Spitting distance	Very short distance.
Spitting image	Double of
Spittle	Saliva.
Spittoon	Vessel to spit into.
Spiv	Man, esp.
Spiv	flashily-dressed one, living from shady dealings.
Spiv	Spivvy
Splash	scatter or cause
Splash	to scatter in drops.
Splash	wet with spattered liquid etc.
Splash	Move while spattering liquid etc.
Splash	jump or fall into water etc. With a splash.
Splash	display
Splash	prominently.
Splash	decorate with scattered colour.
Splash	spend
Splash	ostentatiously.
Splash	act or noise of splashing.
Splash	quantity of liquid splashed.
Splash	mark etc. Made by splashing.
Splash	prominent news feature, display, etc.
Splash	patch of colour.
Splash	Small quantity of soda water etc.
Splash	Spend money freely.
Splashback	Panel behind a sink etc. To protect the wall from splashes.
Splashdown	Landing of a spacecraft on the sea.
Splat	Sharp splattering sound.
Splat	With a splat.
Splat	fall or hit with a splat.
Splatter	Splash esp. With a continuous noisy action; spatter.
Splatter	Noisy splashing sound.
Splay	spread apart.
Splay	have its sides diverging.
Splay	construct
Splay	with divergent sides.
Splay	Surface at an oblique angle to another.
Splay	Splayed.
Spleen	abdominal organ regulating the quality of the blood.
Spleen	moroseness, irritability
Spleenwort	Evergreen fern formerly used as a remedy.
Splendid	magnificent, sumptuous.
Splendid	impressive, glorious, dignified
Splendid	excellent; fine.
Splendiferous	Splendid.
Splendor	dazzling brightness; magnificence.
Splendour	dazzling brightness; magnificence.
Splenetic	Bad-tempered; peevish.
Splenic	Of or in the spleen.
Splice	join
Splice	by interweaving strands.
Splice	join
Splice	By overlapping.
Splice	(esp. As spliced
Splice	Join in marriage.
Splice	Join made by splicing.
Splice	Hist.
Splice	issue an extra tot of rum.
Splint	Strip of wood etc. Bound to a broken limb while it sets.
Splint	Secure with a splint.
Splinter	Small sharp fragment of wood, stone, glass, etc.
Splinter	Break into splinters; shatter.
Splinter group	Breakaway political group.
Split	(-tt-; past and
Split	Split)
Split	a break, esp. With the grain or into halves; break forcibly.
Split	divide into parts, esp. Equal shares
Split	remove or be removed by breaking or dividing.
Split	Divide into disagreeing or hostile parties
Split	quarrel or cease association with.
Split	cause the fission of
Split	leave, esp. Suddenly.
Split	Inform.
Split	a (as splitting
Split	severe.
Split	suffer from a severe headache, noise, etc.
Split	act or result of splitting.
Split	disagreement; schism.
Split	(in
Split	) Feat of leaping in the air or sitting down with the legs at right angles to the body in front and behind or on either side.
Split	dish of split bananas etc. With ice-cream.
Split infinitive	Infinitive with an adverb etc. Inserted between to and the verb.
Split-level	With more than one level.
Split pea	Pea dried and split in half for cooking.
Split personality	Condition in which a person seems to have two alternating personalities.
Split pin	Metal cotter passed through a hole and held by the pressing back of the two ends.
Split-screen	Screen on which two or more separate images are displayed.
Split second	very brief moment.
Split second	very accurate.
Split second	very rapid.
Split second	very accurate.
Splodge	Daub, blot, or smear.
Splodge	make a splodge on.
Splosh	Move with a splashing sound.
Splosh	splashing sound.
Splosh	splash of water etc.
Splurge	sudden extravagance.
Splurge	ostentatious display or effort.
Splurge	spend large sums of money or make a great effort.
Splutter	a speak, say, or express in a choking manner.
Splutter	emit spitting sounds.
Splutter	speak rapidly or incoherently.
Splutter	Spluttering speech or sound.
Spoil	(past and
Spoil	Spoilt or spoiled)
Spoil	a make or become useless or unsatisfactory.
Spoil	reduce the enjoyment etc. Of
Spoil	make (esp.
Spoil	child) unpleasant by over-indulgence.
Spoil	go bad.
Spoil	render
Spoil	invalid by improper marking.
Spoil	(usu. In
Spoil	plunder, stolen goods.
Spoil	profit or advantage from success or position.
Spoilage	paper spoilt in printing.
Spoilage	spoiling of food etc. By decay.
Spoiler	retarding device on an aircraft, interrupting the air flow.
Spoiler	similar device on a vehicle to increase contact with the ground at speed.
Spoilsport	Person who spoils others' enjoyment.
Spoke1	Each of the rods running from the hub to the rim of a wheel.
Spoken	Of *speak.
Spoken	(in
Spoken	) Speaking in a specified way
Spokeshave	Tool for planing curved surfaces.
Spokesman	person speaking for a group etc.
Spokesperson	spokesman or spokeswoman.
Spoliation	Plundering, pillage.
Spondee	Metrical foot consisting of two long syllables
Sponge	sea animal with a porous body wall and a rigid internal skeleton.
Sponge	this skeleton or a piece of porous rubber etc. Used in bathing, cleaning, etc.
Sponge	thing like a sponge in consistency etc., esp.
Sponge	sponge cake.
Sponge	act of sponging.
Sponge	wipe or cleanse with a sponge.
Sponge	Wipe off or efface
Sponge	with a sponge.
Sponge	absorb
Sponge	with a sponge.
Sponge	live as a parasite.
Sponge	(esp. In senses
Sponge	of the
Sponge bag	Waterproof bag for toilet articles.
Sponge cake	Light spongy cake.
Sponge pudding	Light spongy pudding.
Sponger	Parasitic person.
Sponge rubber	Porous rubber.
Spongy	like a sponge, porous, elastic, absorbent.
Sponsor	person who pledges money to a charity etc. In return for another person fulfilling a sporting etc. Challenge.
Sponsor	a patron of an artistic or sporting activity etc.
Sponsor	company etc. Supporting a broadcast in return for advertising time.
Sponsor	person who introduces legislation.
Sponsor	godparent at a baptism or
Sponsor	Person who presents a candidate for baptism.
Sponsor	Be a sponsor for.
Sponsor	Sponsorship
Spontaneous	acting, done, or occurring without external cause.
Spontaneous	instinctive, automatic, natural.
Spontaneous	gracefully natural.
Spontaneous	Spontaneously
Spontaneous combustion	Ignition of a substance from internal heat.
Spoof	parody.
Spoof	hoax, swindle.
Spook	Ghost.
Spook	Esp. Us frighten, unnerve.
Spooky	Ghostly, eerie.
Spooky	Spookiness
Spool	reel for winding magnetic tape, yarn, etc., on.
Spool	revolving cylinder of an angler's reel.
Spool	Wind on a spool.
Spoon	a utensil with a bowl and a handle for lifting food to the mouth, stirring, etc.
Spoon	spoonful, esp. Of sugar.
Spoon	spoon-shaped thing, esp.
Spoon	a revolving metal fish-lure.
Spoon	take
Spoon	With a spoon.
Spoon	hit
Spoon	feebly upwards.
Spoon	Kiss and cuddle.
Spoonbill	Wading bird with a broad flat-tipped bill.
Spoonerism	transposition of the initial letters etc. Of two or more words.
Spoonfeed	(past and
Spoonfeed	-fed)
Spoonfeed	feed with a spoon.
Spoonfeed	give such extensive help etc. To
Spoonfeed	that he or she need make no effort.
Spoor	Animal's track or scent.
Sporadic	Occurring only sparsely or occasionally.
Spore	Reproductive cell of many plants and micro-organisms.
Sporran	Pouch worn in front of the kilt.
Sport	a game or competitive activity, usu. Played outdoors and involving physical exertion, e.g. Cricket, football, racing.
Sport	these collectively.
Sport	(in
Sport	) Meeting for competing in sports, esp. Athletics.
Sport	amusement, fun.
Sport	fair, generous, or sporting person.
Sport	person with a specified attitude to games, rules, etc.
Sport	animal or plant deviating from the normal type.
Sport	amuse oneself, play about.
Sport	wear or exhibit, esp. Ostentatiously.
Sporting	interested or concerned in sport.
Sporting	generous, fair.
Sportive	Playful.
Sports car	Low-built fast car.
Sports coat	man's informal jacket.
Sports ground	Piece of land used for sports.
Sportsman	person who takes part in sport, esp. Professionally.
Sportsman	fair and generous person.
Sportsman	Sportsmanship
Sportswear	Clothes for sports or informal wear.
Sporty	fond of sport.
Sporty	rakish, showy.
Sporty	Sportiness
Spot	small roundish area or mark differing in colour, texture, etc., from the surface it is on.
Spot	pimple or blemish.
Spot	moral blemish or stain.
Spot	particular place, locality.
Spot	particular part of one's body or aspect of one's character.
Spot	One's esp. Regular position in an organization, programme, etc.
Spot	Small quantity
Spot	drop
Spot	(usu.
Spot	) Money paid or goods delivered immediately after a sale
Spot	Pick out, recognize, catch sight of.
Spot	watch for and take note of
Spot	(as spotted
Spot	) Marked or decorated with spots.
Spot	make spots, rain slightly.
Spot	In difficulty. On the spot
Spot	at the scene of an event.
Spot	In a position demanding response or action.
Spot	without delay.
Spot	without moving forwards or backwards
Spot check	Sudden or random check.
Spotless	Absolutely clean or pure.
Spotlight	beam of light directed on a small area.
Spotlight	lamp projecting this.
Spotlight	full publicity.
Spotlight	(past and
Spotlight	-lighted or -lit)
Spotlight	direct a spotlight on.
Spotlight	draw attention to.
Spot on	Precise; on target.
Spotted dick	Suet pudding containing currants.
Spotter	(often in
Spotter	) Person who spots people or things
Spotter	aircraft used to locate enemy positions etc.
Spotty	marked with spots.
Spotty	patchy, irregular.
Spot-weld	Join
Spot-weld	by welding at discrete points.
Spot-weld	Spot welder
Spot-weld	Spot welding
Spouse	Husband or wife.
Spout	projecting tube or lip used for pouring from a teapot, kettle, jug, etc., or on a fountain, roof-gutter, etc.
Spout	jet or column of liquid etc.
Spout	discharge or issue forcibly in a jet.
Spout	utter or speak at length or pompously.
Spout	useless, ruined, broken down.
Spout	pregnant.
Sprain	Wrench
Sprain	, causing pain or swelling.
Sprain	Such a wrench.
Sprat	Small edible marine fish.
Sprawl	a sit, lie, or fall with limbs flung out untidily.
Sprawl	spread
Sprawl	thus.
Sprawl	Be irregular or straggling.
Sprawl	sprawling movement, position, or mass.
Sprawl	straggling urban expansion.
Spray1	water etc. Flying in small drops.
Spray1	liquid sprayed with an aerosol etc.
Spray1	device for this.
Spray1	Throw
Spray1	as spray.
Spray1	Sprinkle
Spray1	thus, esp. With insecticide.
Spray1	mark its environment with urine, to attract females.
Spray2	sprig of flowers or leaves, or a small branch; decoratively arranged bunch of flowers.
Spray2	ornament in a similar form.
Spray-gun	Device for spraying paint etc.
Spread	(past and
Spread	Spread)
Spread	a open, extend, or unfold.
Spread	cause to cover a surface or larger area.
Spread	display thus.
Spread	have a wide, specified, or increasing extent.
Spread	become or make widely known, felt, etc.
Spread	a cover
Spread	lay
Spread	act of spreading.
Spread	capability or extent of spreading
Spread	diffusion
Spread	breadth.
Spread	increased girth
Spread	difference between two rates, prices, etc.
Spread	Elaborate meal.
Spread	paste for spreading on bread etc.
Spread	bedspread.
Spread	0 printed matter spread across more than one column.
Spread eagle	Figure of an eagle with legs and wings extended as an emblem.
Spread eagle	(usu. As spread-eagled
Spread eagle	) Place
Spread eagle	with arms and legs spread out.
Spread eagle	defeat utterly.
Spreadsheet	Computer program for the manipulation and retrieval of esp. Tabulated figures, esp. For accounting.
Spree	extravagant outing
Spree	bout of fun or drinking etc.
Sprig	small branch or shoot.
Sprig	ornament resembling this, esp. On fabric.
Sprig	ornament with sprigs
Sprightly	vivacious, lively, brisk.
Spring	(past sprang;
Spring	Sprung)
Spring	rise rapidly or suddenly, leap, jump.
Spring	move rapidly by or as by the action of a spring.
Spring	originate
Spring	act or appear suddenly or unexpectedly
Spring	present
Spring	Suddenly or unexpectedly
Spring	contrive the escape of
Spring	rouse
Spring	from a covert etc.
Spring	(usu. As sprung
Spring	) Provide
Spring	With springs.
Spring	jump, leap.
Spring	recoil.
Spring	elasticity.
Spring	elastic device, usu. Of coiled metal, used esp. To drive clockwork or for cushioning in furniture or vehicles.
Spring	a (often
Spring	) The first season of the year, in which new vegetation begins to appear.
Spring	early stage of life etc.
Spring	place where water, oil, etc., wells up from the earth; basin or flow so formed.
Spring	motive for or origin of an action, custom, etc.
Spring balance	Balance that measures weight by the tension of a spring.
Springboard	flexible board for leaping or diving from.
Springboard	source of impetus.
Springbok	s. African gazelle.
Spring chicken	young fowl for eating.
Spring chicken	youthful person.
Spring-clean	thorough cleaning of a house, esp. In spring.
Spring-clean	Clean
Spring-clean	thus.
Spring equinox	equinox about
Spring equinox	0 march.
Springer	Small spaniel of a breed used to spring game.
Spring fever	Restlessness or lethargy associated with spring.
Spring greens	pl. Young cabbage leaves.
Spring onion	Young onion eaten raw.
Spring roll	Chinese fried pancake filled with vegetables.
Spring tide	Tide just after the new and the full moon when there is the greatest difference between high and low water.
Springtime	Season of spring.
Springy	springing back quickly when squeezed, bent, or stretched; elastic.
Sprinkle	scatter in small drops or particles.
Sprinkle	subject to sprinkling with liquid etc.
Sprinkle	Fall on in this way.
Sprinkle	distribute in small amounts.
Sprinkle	light shower.
Sprinkler	Device for sprinkling a lawn or extinguishing fires.
Sprinkling	Small sparse number or amount.
Sprint	run a short distance at full speed.
Sprint	run
Sprint	thus.
Sprint	such a run.
Sprint	short burst in cycling, swimming, etc.
Sprit	Small diagonal spar from the mast to the upper outer corner of a sail.
Sprite	Elf, fairy.
Spritsail	Sail extended by a sprit.
Spritzer	Drink of wine with soda water.
Sprocket	Each of several teeth on a wheel engaging with links of a chain.
Sprout	put forth
Sprout	begin to grow.
Sprout	shoot of a plant.
Spruce1	Neatly dressed etc.; smart.
Spruce1	make or become smart.
Spruce1	Spruceness
Spruce2	conifer with dense conical foliage.
Spruce2	its wood.
Spry	lively, nimble.
Spud	Potato.
Spud	small narrow spade for weeding.
Spud	remove with a spud.
Spumante	Italian sparkling white wine.
Spume	froth, foam.
Spunk	Courage, mettle, spirit.
Spunk	semen.
Spunk	touchwood.
Spunky	Brave, spirited.
Spun silk	Cheap material containing waste silk.
Spur	small spike or spiked wheel worn on a rider's heel for urging on a horse.
Spur	stimulus, incentive.
Spur	spur-shaped thing, esp.: a a projection from a mountain or mountain range.
Spur	a branch road or railway.
Spur	a hard projection on a cock's leg.
Spur	prick
Spur	with spurs.
Spur	incite or stimulate.
Spurge	Plant with an acrid milky juice.
Spurious	Not genuine, fake.
Spurn	Reject with disdain or contempt.
Spurt	gush out in a jet or stream.
Spurt	make a sudden effort.
Spurt	sudden gushing out, jet.
Spurt	short burst of speed, growth, etc.
Sputnik	Russian artificial satellite orbiting the earth.
Sputter	Make a series of quick explosive sounds, splutter.
Sputter	This sound.
Sputum	saliva.
Sputum	expectorated matter, used esp. In diagnosis.
Spy	person who secretly collects and reports information for a government, company, etc.
Spy	person watching others secretly.
Spy	discern, see.
Spy	act as a spy.
Spy	pry.
Spyglass	Small telescope.
Spyhole	Peep-hole.
Sq.	Square.
Sqn. Ldr.	Squadron leader.
Squab	young
Squab	pigeon or other bird.
Squab	short fat person.
Squab	stuffed cushion, esp. As part of a car-seat.
Squab	sofa, ottoman.
Squab	Short and fat, squat.
Squabble	Petty or noisy quarrel.
Squabble	engage in this.
Squad	small group sharing a task etc., esp. Of soldiers or policemen
Squad	sport team.
Squad car	Police car.
Squaddie	recruit; private.
Squadron	unit of the raf with
Squadron	0–18 aircraft.
Squadron	detachment of warships employed on a particular duty.
Squadron	organized group etc., esp.
Squadron	cavalry division of two troops.
Squadron leader	Commander of an raf squadron, next below wing commander.
Squalid	filthy, dirty.
Squalid	mean or poor in appearance.
Squall	sudden or violent wind, esp. With rain, snow, or sleet.
Squall	discordant cry; scream
Squall	utter a squall; scream.
Squall	utter with a squall.
Squalor	Filthy or squalid state.
Squander	Spend wastefully.
Square	rectangle with four equal sides.
Square	object of
Square	this shape.
Square	open
Square	area surrounded by buildings.
Square	product of a number multiplied by itself (16 is the square of
Square	l- or t-shaped instrument for obtaining or testing right angles.
Square	conventional or old-fashioned person.
Square	square-shaped.
Square	having or in the form of a right angle
Square	angular, not round.
Square	designating a unit of measure equal to the area of a square whose side is one of the unit specified
Square	level, parallel.
Square	at right angles.
Square	sturdy, squat
Square	arranged; settled
Square	a with no money owed.
Square	equal.
Square	0 fair and honest.
Square	1 direct
Square	conventional or old-fashioned.
Square	squarely
Square	fairly, honestly.
Square	make square.
Square	multiply
Square	by itself.
Square	adjust; make or be suitable or consistent; reconcile.
Square	mark out in squares.
Square	settle or pay
Square	place
Square	Squarely facing forwards.
Square	Pay or bribe
Square	Make the scores of
Square	Equal.
Square	Back to the starting-point with no progress made. Out of square not at right angles. Square the circle
Square	construct a square equal in area to a given circle.
Square	do what is impossible. Square peg in a round hole see *peg. Square up settle an account etc. Square up to
Square	move threateningly towards
Square	face and tackle
Square	Resolutely.
Square	Squareness
Square	Squarish
Square-bashing	military drill on a barrack-square.
Square brackets	pl. Brackets of the form
Square dance	Dance with usu. Four couples facing inwards from four sides.
Square deal	Fair bargain or treatment.
Square leg	Fielding position in cricket at some distance on the batsman's leg side and nearly opposite the stumps.
Square meal	Substantial meal.
Square measure	Measure expressed in square units.
Square-rigged	With the principal sails at right angles to the length of the ship.
Square root	Number that multiplied by itself gives a specified number.
Squash1	crush or squeeze, esp. Flat or into pulp.
Squash1	Put or make one's way by squeezing.
Squash1	belittle, bully
Squash1	suppress
Squash1	crowd; crowded state.
Squash1	drink made of crushed fruit.
Squash1	game played with rackets and a small ball in a closed court.
Squash2	trailing annual plant.
Squash2	edible gourd of this.
Squat	sit on one's heels or on the ground with the knees drawn up.
Squat	Sit down.
Squat	occupy a building as a squatter.
Squat	short and thick, dumpy.
Squat	squatting posture.
Squat	place occupied by squatters.
Squatter	Person who inhabits unoccupied premises without permission.
Squaw	American indian woman or wife.
Squawk	loud harsh cry, esp. Of a bird.
Squawk	complaint.
Squawk	Utter a squawk.
Squeak	short high-pitched cry or sound.
Squeak	narrow escape.
Squeak	make a squeak.
Squeak	utter
Squeak	shrilly.
Squeak	Pass narrowly.
Squeak	turn informer.
Squeaky	making a squeaking sound.
Squeaky	Squeakiness
Squeaky clean	(usu. Hyphenated when
Squeaky clean	completely clean.
Squeaky clean	above criticism.
Squeal	Prolonged shrill sound or cry.
Squeal	make, or utter with, a squeal.
Squeal	turn informer.
Squeal	Protest vociferously.
Squeamish	easily nauseated or disgusted.
Squeamish	fastidious.
Squeamish	Squeamishness
Squeegee	Rubber-edged implement on a handle, for cleaning windows etc.
Squeeze	a exert pressure on, esp. To extract moisture etc.
Squeeze	extract
Squeeze	by squeezing.
Squeeze	reduce in size or alter in shape by squeezing.
Squeeze	force or push into or through a small or narrow space.
Squeeze	a harass or pressure
Squeeze	obtain by extortion, entreaty, etc.
Squeeze	press
Squeeze	in sympathy etc.
Squeeze	squeezing or being squeezed.
Squeeze	close embrace.
Squeeze	crowd, crowded state.
Squeeze	small quantity produced by squeezing
Squeeze	restriction on borrowing, investment, etc., in a financial crisis.
Squeeze	Coerce or pressure.
Squeeze-box	Accordion or concertina.
Squelch	a make a sucking sound as of treading in thick mud.
Squelch	move with a squelching sound.
Squelch	disconcert, silence.
Squelch	Act or sound of squelching.
Squib	small hissing firework that finally explodes.
Squib	satirical essay.
Squid	ten-armed marine cephalopod used as food.
Squidgy	Squashy, soggy.
Squiffy	slightly drunk.
Squiggle	Short curly line, esp. In handwriting.
Squill	Bulbous plant resembling a bluebell.
Squint	have eyes that do not move together but look in different directions.
Squint	look obliquely or with half-closed eyes.
Squint	condition causing squinting.
Squint	stealthy or sidelong glance.
Squint	Glance, look.
Squint	oblique opening in a church wall affording a view of the altar.
Squire	country gentleman, esp. The chief landowner of a district.
Squire	hist. Knight's attendant.
Squire	attend or escort
Squirearchy	landowners collectively.
Squirm	wriggle, writhe.
Squirm	show or feel embarrassment.
Squirm	Squirming movement.
Squirrel	bushy-tailed usu. Tree-living rodent.
Squirrel	its fur.
Squirrel	hoarder.
Squirrel	hoard.
Squirrel	bustle about.
Squirt	eject
Squirt	In a jet.
Squirt	be ejected in this way.
Squirt	splash with a squirted substance.
Squirt	a jet of water etc.
Squirt	small quantity squirted.
Squirt	syringe.
Squirt	Insignificant but self-assertive person.
Squish	Slight squelching sound.
Squish	Move with a squish.
Sr	Strontium.
Sr.	senior.
Sr.	señor.
Sr.	signor.
Srn	State registered nurse.
Ss	steamship.
Ss	hist. Nazi special police force.
Ss	saints.
Sse	South-south-east.
Ssw	South-south-west.
St	Saint.
St.	Street.
St.	Stone
Stab	pierce or wound with a knife etc.
Stab	aim a blow with such a weapon.
Stab	cause a sensation like being stabbed
Stab	hurt or distress
Stab	act of stabbing.
Stab	wound from this.
Stab	Attempt.
Stability	Being stable.
Stabilize	make or become stable.
Stabilizer	device used to keep esp.
Stabilizer	ship, aircraft, or (in
Stabilizer	) Child's bicycle stable.
Stabilizer	food additive for preserving texture.
Stab in the back	Treacherous attack.
Stab in the back	Betray.
Stable	firmly fixed or established; not likely to move or change.
Stable	not easily upset or disturbed.
Stable	building for keeping horses.
Stable	establishment for training racehorses.
Stable	racehorses from one stable.
Stable	persons, products, etc., having a common origin or affiliation.
Stable	such an origin or affiliation.
Stable	put or keep in a stable.
Stable-companion	horse of the same stable.
Stable-companion	member of the same organization.
Stabling	Accommodation for horses.
Stack	pile or heap.
Stack	Large quantity
Stack	tall factory chimney.
Stack	stacked group of aircraft.
Stack	part of a library where books are compactly stored.
Stack	high detached rock, esp. Off the coast of scotland.
Stack	pile in a stack or stacks.
Stack	a arrange
Stack	secretly for cheating.
Stack	manipulate
Stack	To suit one.
Stack	cause
Stack	to fly in circles while waiting to land.
Stadium	athletic or sports ground with tiered seats for spectators.
Staff	a stick or pole for use in walking or as a weapon.
Staff	stick or rod as a sign of office etc.
Staff	person or thing that supports.
Staff	a people employed in a business etc.
Staff	those in authority in a school etc.
Staff	body of officers assisting an officer in high command
Staff	Set of usu. Five parallel lines on or between which notes are placed to indicate their pitch.
Staff	Provide
Staff	With staff.
Staff college	College where officers are trained for staff duties.
Staff nurse	Nurse ranking just below a sister.
Staff sergeant	Senior sergeant of a non-infantry company.
Stag	adult male deer.
Stag	stock exch.
Stag	person who applies for new shares, intending to sell at once for a profit.
Stag beetle	Beetle with branched mandibles like antlers.
Stage	point or period in a process or development.
Stage	a raised platform, esp. For performing plays etc. On.
Stage	theatrical profession, drama.
Stage	scene of action.
Stage	a regular stopping-place on a route.
Stage	distance between two of these.
Stage	astronaut. Section of a rocket with a separate engine.
Stage	present
Stage	On stage.
Stage	arrange, organize
Stagecoach	Hist. Large closed horse-drawn coach running on a regular route by stages.
Stagecraft	Theatrical skill or experience.
Stage direction	Instruction in a play as to actors' movements, sound effects, etc.
Stage fright	Performer's fear of an audience.
Stage-hand	Person moving stage scenery etc.
Stage-manage	be the stage-manager of.
Stage-manage	arrange and control for effect.
Stage-manager	Person responsible for lighting and mechanical arrangements etc. On stage.
Stage-struck	Obsessed with becoming an actor.
Stage whisper	an aside.
Stage whisper	loud whisper meant to be overheard.
Stagflation	Econ. State of inflation without a corresponding increase of demand and employment.
Stagger	walk unsteadily.
Stagger	shock, confuse.
Stagger	arrange
Stagger	So that they do not coincide.
Stagger	arrange
Stagger	so that they are not in line.
Stagger	tottering movement.
Stagger	(in
Stagger	) Disease, esp. Of horses and cattle, causing staggering.
Staggering	Astonishing, bewildering.
Staghound	Large dog used for hunting deer.
Staging	presentation of a play etc.
Staging	a platform or support, esp. Temporary.
Staging	shelves for plants in a greenhouse.
Staging post	Regular stopping-place, esp. On an air route.
Stagnant	motionless, having no current.
Stagnant	dull, sluggish.
Stagnate	be or become stagnant.
Stag-party	All-male celebration held esp. For a man about to marry.
Stagy	theatrical, artificial, exaggerated.
Staid	Of quiet and steady character; sedate.
Stain	discolour or be discoloured by the action of liquid sinking in.
Stain	spoil, damage
Stain	colour
Stain	With a penetrating substance.
Stain	impregnate
Stain	with a colouring agent for microscopic examination.
Stain	discoloration; spot, mark.
Stain	blot, blemish; damage to a reputation etc.
Stain	substance used in staining.
Stained glass	Coloured glass in a leaded window etc.
Stainless	without stains.
Stainless	not liable to stain.
Stainless steel	Chrome steel resisting rust or tarnish.
Stair	each of a set of fixed indoor steps.
Stair	(usu. In
Stair	) Set of these.
Staircase	Flight of stairs and the supporting structure.
Stair-rod	Rod securing a carpet between two steps.
Stairwell	Shaft for a staircase.
Stake1	stout sharpened stick driven into the ground as a support, boundary mark, etc.
Stake1	hist.
Stake1	post to which a condemned person was tied to be burnt alive.
Stake1	such death as a punishment.
Stake1	secure or support with a stake or stakes.
Stake1	mark off
Stake1	with stakes.
Stake1	establish
Stake1	Place under surveillance.
Stake2	sum of money etc. Wagered on an event.
Stake2	interest or concern, esp. Financial.
Stake2	(in
Stake2	prize-money, esp. In a horse-race.
Stake2	such a race.
Stake2	wager.
Stake2	Support, esp. Financially.
Stakeholder	Independent party with whom money etc. Wagered is deposited.
Stake-out	Esp. Us
Stake-out	Period of surveillance.
Stakhanovite	(often
Stakhanovite	) Exceptionally productive worker.
Stalactite	Icicle-like deposit of calcium carbonate hanging from the roof of a cave etc.
Stalagmite	Icicle-like deposit of calcium carbonate rising from the floor of a cave etc.
Stale	a not fresh.
Stale	musty, insipid, or otherwise the worse for age or use.
Stale	trite, unoriginal
Stale	impaired by excessive training.
Stale	make or become stale.
Stalemate	chess position counting as a draw, in which a player cannot move except into check.
Stalemate	deadlock.
Stalemate	chess bring
Stalemate	to a stalemate.
Stalemate	bring to a deadlock.
Stalinism	Centralized authoritarian form of socialism associated with stalin.
Stalk1	main stem of a herbaceous plant.
Stalk1	slender attachment or support of a leaf, flower, fruit, etc.
Stalk1	similar support for an organ etc. In an animal.
Stalk2	pursue
Stalk2	stealthily.
Stalk2	stride, walk in a haughty manner.
Stalk2	formal or rhet. Move silently or threateningly through
Stalk2	stalking of game.
Stalk2	haughty gait.
Stalking-horse	horse concealing a hunter.
Stalking-horse	pretext concealing one's real intentions or actions.
Stalking-horse	weak political candidate forcing an election in the hope of a more serious contender coming forward.
Stall1	trader's booth or table in a market etc.
Stall1	compartment for one animal in a stable or cowhouse.
Stall1	fixed, usu. Partly enclosed, seat in the choir or chancel of a church.
Stall1	(usu. In
Stall1	) Each of the seats on the ground floor of a theatre.
Stall1	a compartment for one person in a shower-bath etc.
Stall1	compartment for one horse at the start of a race.
Stall1	a stalling of an engine or aircraft.
Stall1	condition resulting from this.
Stall1	stop because of an overload on the engine or an inadequate supply of fuel to it.
Stall1	lose control because the speed is too low.
Stall1	cause to stall.
Stall2	play for time when being questioned etc.
Stall2	delay, obstruct.
Stallholder	Person in charge of a stall at a market etc.
Stallion	Uncastrated adult male horse.
Stalwart	strong, sturdy.
Stalwart	courageous, resolute, reliable.
Stalwart	Stalwart person, esp.
Stalwart	loyal comrade.
Stamen	Organ producing pollen in a flower.
Stamina	Physical or mental endurance.
Stammer	speak haltingly, esp. With pauses or rapid repetitions of the same syllable.
Stammer	utter
Stammer	in this way.
Stammer	tendency to stammer.
Stammer	instance of stammering.
Stamp	a bring down
Stamp	heavily, esp. On the ground.
Stamp	crush or flatten in this way.
Stamp	walk heavily.
Stamp	a impress
Stamp	On a surface.
Stamp	impress
Stamp	with a pattern etc.
Stamp	affix a postage or other stamp to.
Stamp	assign a specific character to; mark out.
Stamp	instrument for stamping.
Stamp	a mark or design made by this.
Stamp	impression of an official mark required to be made on deeds, bills of exchange, etc., as evidence of payment of tax.
Stamp	small adhesive piece of paper indicating that payment has been made, esp.
Stamp	postage stamp.
Stamp	mark or label etc. On a commodity as evidence of quality etc.
Stamp	act or sound of stamping the foot.
Stamp	characteristic mark or quality.
Stamp	impress
Stamp	On
Stamp	suppress.
Stamp-collector	Philatelist.
Stamp-duty	Duty imposed on certain legal documents.
Stampede	sudden flight or hurried movement of animals or people.
Stampede	response of many persons at once to a common impulse.
Stampede	take part in a stampede.
Stamping-ground	Favourite haunt.
Stance	standpoint; attitude.
Stance	attitude or position of the body, esp. When hitting a ball etc.
Stanch	restrain the flow of
Stanch	restrain the flow from (esp.
Stanch	wound).
Stanchion	upright post or support.
Stanchion	upright bar or frame for confining cattle in a stall.
Stand	(past and
Stand	Stood)
Stand	have, take, or maintain an upright position, esp. On the feet or a base.
Stand	be situated
Stand	be of a specified height.
Stand	be in a specified state
Stand	set in an upright or specified position
Stand	a move to and remain in a specified position
Stand	take a specified attitude
Stand	maintain a position; avoid falling, moving, or being moved.
Stand	assume a stationary position; cease to move.
Stand	remain valid or unaltered.
Stand	Hold a specified course.
Stand	1 endure, tolerate.
Stand	2 provide at one's own expense
Stand	be a candidate
Stand	4 act in a specified capacity
Stand	5 undergo
Stand	cessation from progress, stoppage.
Stand	a mil. Halt made to repel an attack.
Stand	resistance to attack or compulsion
Stand	cricket prolonged period at the wicket by two batsmen.
Stand	position taken up; attitude adopted.
Stand	rack, set of shelves, etc. For storage.
Stand	open-fronted stall or structure for a trader, exhibitor, etc.
Stand	standing-place for vehicles.
Stand	a raised structure to sit or stand on.
Stand	us witness-box.
Stand	each halt made for a performance on a tour.
Stand	group of growing plants
Stand	in its present condition.
Stand	in the present circumstances. Stand by
Stand	stand nearby; look on without interfering.
Stand	uphold, support
Stand	adhere to
Stand	be ready for action. Stand a chance see *chance. Stand corrected accept correction. Stand down withdraw from a position or candidacy. Stand for
Stand	represent, signify, imply.
Stand	Endure, tolerate. Stand one's ground not yield. Stand in
Stand	deputize. Stand off
Stand	move or keep away.
Stand	temporarily dismiss
Stand	. Stand on insist on, observe scrupulously. Stand on one's own feet
Stand	be self-reliant or independent. Stand out
Stand	be prominent or outstanding.
Stand	persist in opposition or support. Stand to
Stand	mil. Stand ready for an attack.
Stand	abide by.
Stand	be likely or certain to. Stand to reason be obvious. Stand up
Stand	a rise to one's feet.
Stand	come to, remain in, or place in a standing position.
Stand	Be valid.
Stand	Fail to keep an appointment with.
Standard	object, quality, or measure serving as a basis, example, or principle to which others conform or should conform or by which others are judged.
Standard	a level of excellence etc. Required or specified
Standard	average quality
Standard	ordinary procedure etc.
Standard	distinctive flag.
Standard	a upright support.
Standard	upright pipe.
Standard	a tree or shrub that stands without support.
Standard	shrub grafted on an upright stem and trained in tree form.
Standard	tune or song of established popularity.
Standard	serving or used as a standard.
Standard	of a normal or prescribed quality, type, or size.
Standard	of recognized and permanent value; authoritative
Standard	conforming to established educated usage.
Standard assessment task	Standard test given to schoolchildren.
Standard-bearer	soldier who carries a standard.
Standard-bearer	prominent leader in a cause.
Standardize	cause to conform to a standard.
Standard lamp	Lamp on a tall upright with a base.
Standard of living	Degree of material comfort of a person or group.
Standard time	Uniform time for places in approximately the same longitude, established in a country or region by law or custom.
Stand-by	(often
Stand-by	) Person or thing ready if needed in an emergency etc.
Stand-by	readiness for duty
Stand-in	Deputy or substitute.
Standing	esteem or repute, esp. High; status.
Standing	duration
Standing	that stands, upright.
Standing	established, permanent
Standing	Performed with no run-up.
Standing	stagnant.
Standing committee	Committee that is permanent during the existence of the appointing body.
Standing joke	Object of permanent ridicule.
Standing order	Instruction to a banker to make regular payments, or to a retailer for a regular supply of goods.
Standing orders	pl. Rules governing procedure in a parliament, council, etc.
Standing ovation	Prolonged applause from an audience which has risen to its feet.
Standing-room	Space to stand in.
Stand-off half	Rugby half-back forming a link between the scrum-half and the three-quarters.
Standoffish	Cold or distant in manner.
Standpipe	Vertical pipe extending from a water supply, esp. One connecting a temporary tap to the mains.
Standpoint	Point of view.
Standstill	Stoppage; inability to proceed.
Stand-up	eaten standing.
Stand-up	violent and thorough.
Stand-up	not turned down.
Stand-up	telling jokes to an audience.
Stanza	Basic metrical unit of a poem etc., typically of four to twelve rhymed lines.
Staphylococcus	bacterium sometimes forming pus.
Staple1	U-shaped metal bar or piece of wire with pointed ends for driving into and holding papers together, or holding an electrical wire in place, etc.
Staple1	fasten or provide with a staple.
Staple2	principal or important article of commerce
Staple2	chief element or main component.
Staple2	fibre of cotton or wool etc. With regard to its quality
Staple2	main or principal
Staple2	important as a product or export.
Star	celestial body appearing as a luminous point in the night sky.
Star	large naturally luminous gaseous body such as the sun.
Star	celestial body regarded as influencing fortunes etc.
Star	thing like a star in shape or appearance.
Star	decoration or mark of rank or excellence etc., usu. With radiating points.
Star	a famous or brilliant person; principal performer
Starboard	Right-hand side of a ship or aircraft looking forward.
Starboard	Turn
Starboard	to starboard.
Starch	polysaccharide obtained chiefly from cereals and potatoes.
Starch	preparation of this for stiffening fabric.
Starch	stiffness of manner; formality.
Starch	Stiffen
Starch	with starch.
Starchy	of, like, or containing starch.
Starchy	prim, formal.
Starchy	Starchiness
Stardust	multitude of stars looking like dust.
Stardust	romance, magic feeling.
Stare	look fixedly, esp. In curiosity, surprise, horror, etc.
Stare	reduce
Stare	to a specified condition by staring
Stare	Staring gaze.
Starfish	echinoderm with five or more radiating arms.
Star-gazer	Usu. Derog. Or joc. Astronomer or astrologer.
Stark	sharply evident
Stark	desolate, bare.
Stark	absolute
Stark	Completely, wholly
Stark	Starkness
Starkers	stark naked.
Starlet	Promising young performer, esp.
Starlet	film actress.
Starlight	Light of the stars.
Starling	Gregarious bird with blackish speckled lustrous plumage.
Starlit	lit by stars.
Starlit	with stars visible.
Star of david	Two interlaced equilateral triangles used as a jewish and israeli symbol.
Starry	full of stars.
Starry	like a star.
Starry-eyed	enthusiastic but impractical.
Starry-eyed	euphoric.
Stars and stripes	pl. National flag of the us.
Star-studded	Covered with stars; featuring many famous performers.
Start	Strategic arms reduction treaty
Start	begin.
Start	set in motion or action
Start	set oneself in motion or action.
Start	begin a journey etc.
Start	begin operating.
Start	a cause or enable
Start	to make a beginning
Start	Cause
Start	to begin
Start	establish.
Start	give a signal to
Start	to start in a race.
Start	Jump in surprise, pain, etc.
Start	0 spring out, up, etc.
Start	1  conceive
Start	2  rouse
Start	3 a
Start	Spring out; give way.
Start	cause
Start	To do this.
Start	beginning.
Start	place from which a race etc. Begins.
Start	advantage given at the beginning of a race etc.
Start	advantageous initial position in life, business, etc.
Start	sudden movement of surprise, pain, etc.
Start	As a beginning. Start off begin; begin to move. Start out begin a journey. Start up arise; occur.
Starter	device for starting a vehicle engine etc.
Starter	first course of a meal.
Starter	person giving the signal for the start of a race.
Starter	horse or competitor starting in a race.
Starter	To start with.
Starting-block	Shaped block for a runner's feet at the start of a race.
Starting price	Odds ruling at the start of a horse-race.
Startle	shock or surprise.
Star turn	Main item in an entertainment etc.
Starve	die of hunger or suffer from malnourishment.
Starve	Feel very hungry
Starve	a suffer from mental or spiritual want.
Starve	feel a strong craving for.
Starve	deprive of.
Starve	compel by starving
Starveling	starving person or animal.
Star wars	Strategic defence initiative.
Stash	conceal; put in a safe place.
Stash	hoard.
Stash	hiding-place.
Stash	thing hidden.
Stasis	inactivity; stagnation.
Stasis	stoppage of circulation.
State	existing condition or position of a person or thing.
State	excited or agitated mental condition
State	untidy condition.
State	a political community under one government.
State	this as part of a federal republic.
State	of, for, or concerned with the state.
State	reserved for or done on occasions of ceremony.
State	civil government.
State	pomp.
State	usa.
State	express in speech or writing.
State	fix, specify.
State	Play
State	, esp. For the first time.
Stateless	Having no nationality or citizenship.
Stately	dignified; imposing.
Stately home	Large historic house, esp. One open to the public.
Statement	stating or being stated; expression in words.
Statement	thing stated.
Statement	formal account of facts.
Statement	record of transactions in a bank account etc.
Statement	notification of the amount due to a tradesman etc.
State of emergency	Condition of danger or disaster in a country, with normal constitutional procedures suspended.
State of the art	Current stage of esp. Technological development.
State of the art	absolutely up-to-date
Stateroom	state apartment.
Stateroom	large private cabin in a passenger ship.
State school	School largely managed and funded by the public authorities.
Statesman	distinguished and capable politician or diplomat.
Statesman	Statesmanship
Static	stationary; not acting or changing.
Static	physics concerned with bodies at rest or forces in equilibrium.
Static	static electricity.
Static	atmospherics.
Static electricity	Electricity not flowing as a current.
Statics	pl.
Statics	science of bodies at rest or of forces in equilibrium.
Station	a regular stopping-place on a railway line.
Station	buildings of this.
Station	) Centre where vehicles of a specified type depart and arrive
Station	person or thing's allotted place or building etc.
Station	centre for a particular service or activity.
Station	establishment involved in broadcasting.
Station	a military or naval base.
Station	inhabitants of this.
Station	position in life; rank, status.
Station	austral.
Station	nz large sheep or cattle farm.
Station	assign a station to.
Station	put in position.
Stationary	not moving.
Stationary	not meant to be moved.
Stationary	unchanging.
Stationer	Dealer in stationery.
Stationery	Writing-materials, office supplies, etc.
Stationery office	The government's publishing house.
Stationmaster	Official in charge of a railway station.
Station of the cross	Rc ch. Each of a series of images representing the events in christ's passion before which prayers are said.
Station-wagon	Esp. Us estate car.
Statistic	Statistical fact or item.
Statistical	Of statistics.
Statistics	Science of collecting and analysing significant numerical data.
Statistics	such analysed data.
Statuary	Of or for statues
Statuary	statues collectively.
Statuary	making statues.
Statuary	sculptor.
Statue	Sculptured figure of a person or animal, esp. Life-size or larger.
Statuesque	Like, or having the dignity or beauty of, a statue.
Statuette	Small statue.
Stature	height of a
Stature	body.
Stature	calibre, esp. Moral; eminence.
Status	rank, social position, relative importance.
Status	superior social etc. Position.
Status quo	Existing state of affairs.
Status symbol	possession etc. Intended to indicate the owner's superiority.
Statute	written law passed by a legislative body.
Statute	rule of a corporation, founder, etc., intended to be permanent.
Statute-book	book
Statute-book	containing the statute law.
Statute-book	body of a country's statutes.
Statute law	Body of principles and rules of law laid down in statutes.
Statute law	a statute.
Statutory	Required or enacted by statute.
Staunch1	loyal.
Staunch1	Strong, watertight, airtight, etc.
Stave	each of the curved slats forming the sides of a cask, pail, etc.
Stave	stanza or verse.
Stave	(-ving; past and
Stave	Stove or staved)
Stave	break a hole in, damage, crush by forcing inwards.
Stay1	continue in the same place or condition; not depart or change.
Stay1	reside temporarily.
Stay1	or literary a stop or check.
Stay1	Pause.
Stay1	postpone
Stay1	assuage
Stay1	, esp. Temporarily.
Stay1	act or period of staying.
Stay1	suspension or postponement of a sentence, judgement, etc.
Stay1	prop, support.
Stay1	(in
Stay1	) Hist.
Stay1	corset.
Stay1	Remain where it is placed or where one is. Stay up not go to bed
Stay2	Rope or guy supporting a mast, flagstaff, etc.
Stay2	supporting cable on an aircraft etc.
Stay-at-home	Rarely going out.
Stay-at-home	Such a person.
Stayer	Person or animal with great endurance.
Staying power	Endurance.
Staysail	Sail extended on a stay.
Std	Subscriber trunk dialling.
Steadfast	Constant, firm, unwavering.
Steadfast	Steadfastness
Steady	firmly fixed or supported; unwavering.
Steady	uniform and regular
Steady	a constant.
Steady	persistent.
Steady	serious and dependable.
Steady	regular, established
Steady	make or become steady.
Steady	Steadily.
Steady	Regular boyfriend or girlfriend.
Steady	Have as a regular boyfriend or girlfriend. Steady on! Be careful!
Steady	Steadiness
Steady state	Unvarying condition, esp. In a physical process.
Steak	thick slice of meat
Steak	or fish, usu. Grilled or fried.
Steak	beef cut for stewing or braising.
Steak-house	Restaurant specializing in beefsteaks.
Steal	(past stole;
Steal	Stolen)
Steal	Take
Steal	illegally or without right or permission, esp. In secret.
Steal	obtain surreptitiously, insidiously, or artfully
Steal	Move, esp. Silently or stealthily.
Steal	Act of stealing or theft.
Steal	Easy task or good bargain.
Stealth	Secrecy, secret behaviour.
Stealthy	done or moving with stealth; furtive.
Stealthy	Stealthiness
Steam	a gas into which water is changed by boiling.
Steam	condensed vapour formed from this.
Steam	a power obtained from steam. B
Steam	Power or energy.
Steam	a cook
Steam	in steam.
Steam	treat with steam.
Steam	give off steam.
Steam	a move under steam power.
Steam	Proceed or travel fast or with vigour.
Steam	a cover or become covered with condensed steam.
Steam	(as steamed up
Steam	Angry or excited.
Steamboat	Steam-driven boat.
Steam engine	engine which uses steam to generate power.
Steam engine	locomotive powered by this.
Steamer	steamship.
Steamer	vessel for steaming food in.
Steam hammer	Forging-hammer powered by steam.
Steam iron	Electric iron that emits steam.
Steamroller	heavy slow-moving vehicle with a roller, used to flatten new-made roads.
Steamroller	a crushing power or force.
Steamroller	Crush or move forcibly or indiscriminately; force.
Steamship	Steam-driven ship.
Steam train	Train pulled by a steam engine.
Steamy	like or full of steam.
Steamy	Erotic.
Steamy	Steaminess
Steatite	Impure form of talc, esp. Soapstone.
Steed	or poet. Horse.
Steel	strong malleable alloy of iron and carbon, used esp. For making tools, weapons, etc.
Steel	strength, firmness
Steel	steel rod for sharpening knives.
Steel	Of or like steel.
Steel	Harden or make resolute.
Steel band	Band playing chiefly calypso-style music on percussion instruments made from oil drums.
Steel wool	Abrasive substance consisting of a mass of fine steel shavings.
Steelworks	pl.
Steelworks	Factory producing steel.
Steely	of or like steel.
Steely	severe; resolute.
Steelyard	Balance with a graduated arm along which a weight is moved.
Steep1	sloping sharply.
Steep1	rapid.
Steep1	exorbitant; unreasonable.
Steep1	exaggerated; incredible.
Steep1	Steep slope; precipice.
Steep1	Steepish
Steep1	Steeply
Steep1	Steepness
Steep2	Soak or bathe in liquid.
Steep2	act of steeping.
Steep2	liquid for steeping.
Steep2	pervade or imbue with.
Steep2	make deeply acquainted with
Steeple	Tall tower, esp. With a spire, above the roof of a church.
Steeplechase	horse-race with ditches, hedges, etc., to jump.
Steeplechase	cross-country foot-race.
Steeplejack	Repairer of tall chimneys, steeples, etc.
Steer1	Guide
Steer1	With a wheel or rudder etc.
Steer1	direct or guide
Steer1	In a specified direction.
Steerage	act of steering.
Steerage	cheapest part of a ship's accommodation.
Steering-column	Column on which a steering-wheel is mounted.
Steering committee	Committee deciding the order of business, the course of operations, etc.
Steering-wheel	Wheel by which a vehicle etc. Is steered.
Steersman	Person who steers a ship.
Stegosaurus	plant-eating dinosaur with a double row of bony plates along the spine.
Stela	archaeol. Upright slab or pillar usu. Inscribed and sculpted, esp. As a gravestone.
Stellar	Of a star or stars.
Stem1	main body or stalk of a plant.
Stem1	stalk of a fruit, flower, or leaf.
Stem1	stem-shaped part, as: a the slender part of a wineglass.
Stem1	the tube of a tobacco-pipe.
Stem1	a vertical stroke in a letter or musical note.
Stem1	Root or main part of a noun, verb, etc., to which inflections are added.
Stem1	main upright timber at the bow of a ship
Stem1	spring or originate from.
Stem2	check or stop.
Stench	Foul smell.
Stencil	thin sheet in which a pattern is cut, placed on a surface and printed or inked over etc. To reproduce the pattern.
Stencil	pattern so produced.
Stencil	waxed sheet etc. From which a stencil is made by a typewriter.
Stencil	produce
Stencil	with a stencil.
Stencil	mark
Stencil	in this way.
Sten gun	Lightweight sub-machine-gun.
Stenographer	Esp. Us shorthand typist.
Stentorian	Loud and powerful.
Step	a complete movement of one leg in walking or running.
Step	distance so covered.
Step	unit of movement in dancing.
Step	measure taken, esp. One of several in a course of action.
Step	surface of a stair, stepladder, etc.; tread.
Step	short distance.
Step	sound or mark made by a foot in walking etc.
Step	manner of walking etc.
Step	degree in the scale of promotion or precedence etc.
Step	a stepping in unison or to music
Step	state of conforming
Step	0 (in
Step	lift and set down one's foot or alternate feet in walking.
Step	come or go in a specified direction by stepping.
Step	make progress in a specified way
Step	measure
Step	by stepping.
Step	perform
Step	enter.
Step	intervene. Step on it
Step	Accelerate; hurry up. Step out
Step	be active socially.
Step	take large steps. Step out of line behave inappropriately or disobediently. Step up increase, intensify.
Step-	Form denoting a relationship resulting from a parent's later marriage.
Stepbrother	Son of one's step-parent by a previous partner.
Stepchild	One's husband's or wife's child by a previous partner.
Stepdaughter	Female stepchild.
Stepfather	Male step-parent.
Stephanotis	Fragrant tropical climbing plant.
Stepladder	Short folding ladder with flat steps.
Stepmother	Female step-parent.
Step-parent	Mother's or father's spouse who is not one's own parent.
Steppe	Level grassy unforested plain.
Stepping-stone	large stone in a stream etc. Helping one to cross.
Stepping-stone	means of progress.
Stepsister	Daughter of one's step-parent by a previous partner.
Stepson	Male stepchild.
-ster	denoting a person engaged in or associated with a particular activity or quality
Stereo	a stereophonic record-player etc.
Stereo	stereophonic sound reproduction
Stereo	= stereoscopic
Stereo-	Form solid; having three dimensions.
Stereophonic	Using two or more channels, giving the effect of naturally distributed sound.
Stereoscope	Device for producing a three-dimensional effect by viewing two slightly different photographs together.
Stereotype	a person or thing seeming to conform to a widely accepted type.
Stereotype	such a type, idea, or attitude.
Stereotype	printing-plate cast from a mould of composed type.
Stereotype	(esp. As stereotyped
Stereotype	) Cause to conform to a type; standardize.
Stereotype	a print from a stereotype.
Stereotype	make a stereotype of.
Sterile	unable to produce a crop, fruit, or young; barren.
Sterile	unproductive
Sterile	free from living micro-organisms etc.
Sterilize	make sterile.
Sterilize	deprive of reproductive powers.
Sterling	of or in british money
Sterling	genuine; of standard value or purity.
Sterling	Genuine, reliable.
Sterling	British money.
Sterling silver	Silver of
Sterling silver	21/2% purity.
Stern1	Severe, grim; authoritarian.
Stern1	Sternness
Stern2	Rear part, esp. Of a ship or boat.
Sternum	breastbone.
Steroid	Any of a group of organic compounds including many hormones, alkaloids, and vitamins.
Sterol	Naturally occurring steroid alcohol.
Stertorous	Laboured and noisy.
Stet	Ignore or cancel
Stet	; let the original stand.
Stethoscope	Instrument used in listening to the heart, lungs, etc.
Stetson	Slouch hat with a very wide brim and high crown.
Stevedore	Person employed in loading and unloading ships.
Stew	cook by long simmering in a closed vessel.
Stew	fret, be anxious.
Stew	Swelter.
Stew	Become bitter or strong from infusing too long.
Stew	(as stewed
Stew	Drunk.
Stew	dish of stewed meat etc.
Stew	Agitated or angry state.
Steward	passengers' attendant on a ship, aircraft, or train.
Steward	official supervising a meeting, show, etc.
Steward	person responsible for supplies of food etc. For a college or club etc.
Steward	property manager.
Steward	Act as a steward
Stewardess	Female steward, esp. On a ship or aircraft.
Stick1	a short slender length of wood.
Stick1	this as a support or weapon.
Stick1	thin rod of wood etc. For a particular purpose
Stick1	implement used to propel the ball in hockey or polo etc.
Stick1	gear lever.
Stick1	conductor's baton.
Stick1	sticklike piece of celery, dynamite, etc.
Stick1	punishment, esp. By beating.
Stick1	Adverse criticism.
Stick1	Piece of wood as part of a house or furniture.
Stick1	Person, esp. When dull or unsociable.
Stick2	(past and
Stick2	Stuck)
Stick2	insert or thrust
Stick2	stab.
Stick2	fix or be fixed on a pointed thing.
Stick2	fix or be fixed
Stick2	by a pointed end.
Stick2	fix or be fixed
Stick2	by adhesive etc.
Stick2	remain
Sticker	adhesive label.
Sticker	persistent person.
Sticking-plaster	Adhesive plaster for wounds etc.
Stick insect	Insect with a twiglike body.
Stick-in-the-mud	Unprogressive or old-fashioned person.
Stickleback	Small spiny-backed fish.
Stickler	person who insists on something
Stick-up	Robbery using a gun.
Sticky	tending or intended to stick or adhere.
Sticky	glutinous, viscous.
Sticky	humid.
Sticky	Difficult, awkward; unpleasant, painful
Sticky	Stickiness
Sticky wicket	Difficult circumstances.
Stiff	rigid; inflexible.
Stiff	hard to bend, move, or turn etc.
Stiff	hard to cope with; needing strength or effort
Stiff	severe or strong
Stiff	formal, constrained.
Stiff	Aching owing to exertion, injury, etc.
Stiff	strong.
Stiff	Abounding in.
Stiff	Utterly, extremely
Stiff	corpse.
Stiff	foolish or useless person.
Stiff	Stiffly
Stiff	Stiffness
Stiffen	Make or become stiff.
Stiff-necked	Obstinate; haughty.
Stiff upper lip	Appearance of being calm in adversity.
Stifle	suppress.
Stifle	feel or make unable to breathe easily; suffocate.
Stifle	kill by suffocating.
Stigma	(pl. -s or, esp. In sense
Stigma	, stigmata)
Stigma	shame, disgrace.
Stigma	part of the pistil that receives the pollen in pollination.
Stigma	(in
Stigma	marks like those on christ's body after the crucifixion, appearing on the bodies of certain saints etc.
Stigmatize	brand as unworthy or disgraceful.
Stile	Steps allowing people but not animals to climb over a fence or wall.
Stiletto	short dagger.
Stiletto	a long tapering heel of a shoe.
Stiletto	shoe with such a heel.
Stiletto	pointed instrument for making eyelets etc.
Still1	not or hardly moving.
Still1	with little or no sound; calm and tranquil.
Still1	not effervescing.
Still1	deep silence
Still1	static photograph
Still1	, esp.
Still1	single shot from a cinema film.
Still1	without moving
Still1	even now or at a particular time
Still1	nevertheless.
Still1	Even, yet, increasingly
Still1	Make or become still; quieten.
Still2	Apparatus for distilling spirits etc.
Stillbirth	Birth of a dead child.
Stillborn	born dead.
Stillborn	abortive.
Still life	painting or drawing of inanimate objects, e.g. Fruit or flowers.
Still-room	room for distilling.
Still-room	housekeeper's storeroom or pantry.
Stilt	either of a pair of poles with foot supports for walking at a distance above the ground.
Stilt	each of a set of piles or posts supporting a building etc.
Stilted	Stiff and unnatural; bombastic.
Stilted	standing on stilts.
Stilton	Propr. Strong rich esp. Blue-veined cheese.
Stimulant	Stimulating, esp. Bodily or mental activity.
Stimulant	Stimulant substance or influence.
Stimulate	act as a stimulus to.
Stimulate	animate, excite, arouse.
Stimulate	Stimulative
Stimulate	Stimulator
Stimulus	thing that rouses to activity.
Sting	sharp wounding organ of an insect, snake, nettle, etc.
Sting	a act of inflicting a wound with this.
Sting	the wound itself or the pain caused by it.
Sting	painful quality or effect.
Sting	pungency, vigour.
Sting	swindle.
Sting	(past and
Sting	Stung)
Sting	a wound or pierce with a sting.
Sting	be able to sting.
Sting	feel or give a tingling physical or sharp mental pain.
Sting	incite, esp. Painfully
Sting	swindle, charge exorbitantly.
Stinger	Stinging animal or thing, esp.
Stinger	sharp blow.
Stinging-nettle	Nettle with stinging hairs.
Stingray	Broad flat-fish with a poisonous spine at the base of its tail.
Stingy	Niggardly, mean.
Stingy	Stinginess
Stink	(past stank or stunk;
Stink	Stunk)
Stink	emit a strong offensive smell.
Stink	fill
Stink	with a stink.
Stink	Drive
Stink	out etc. By a stink.
Stink	Be or seem very unpleasant.
Stink	strong or offensive smell.
Stink	Row or fuss.
Stink bomb	Device emitting a stink when opened.
Stinker	objectionable or difficult person or thing.
Stinking	that stinks.
Stinking	very objectionable.
Stinking	extremely and usu. Objectionably
Stint	supply
Stint	Meanly or grudgingly.
Stint	Supply
Stint	In this way.
Stint	limitation of supply or effort
Stint	allotted amount of work
Stint	small sandpiper.
Stipend	Salary, esp. Of a clergyman.
Stipendiary	Receiving a stipend.
Stipendiary	person receiving a stipend.
Stipendiary magistrate	Paid professional magistrate.
Stipple	draw or paint or engrave etc. With dots instead of lines.
Stipple	roughen the surface of
Stipple	stippling.
Stipple	effect of stippling.
Stipulate	demand or specify as part of a bargain etc.
Stir1	move a spoon etc. Round and round in
Stir1	, esp. To mix ingredients.
Stir1	a cause to move, esp. Slightly.
Stir1	be or begin to be in motion.
Stir1	rise from sleep.
Stir1	arouse, inspire, or excite
Stir1	Cause trouble between people by gossiping etc.
Stir1	act of stirring.
Stir1	commotion, excitement.
Stir1	mix thoroughly by stirring.
Stir1	stimulate, excite.
Stir2	prison.
Stir-fry	Fry rapidly while stirring.
Stir-fry	Stir-fried dish.
Stirrup	Metal loop supporting a horse-rider's foot.
Stirrup-cup	Cup of wine etc. Offered to a departing traveller, orig.
Stirrup-cup	rider.
Stirrup-leather	strap attaching a stirrup to a saddle.
Stirrup-pump	Hand-operated water-pump with a foot-rest, used to extinguish small fires.
Stitch	single pass of a needle, or the resulting thread or loop etc.
Stitch	particular method of sewing etc.
Stitch	least bit of clothing
Stitch	sharp pain in the side induced by running etc.
Stitch	Sew; make stitches
Stitch	Laughing uncontrollably. Stitch up
Stitch	join or mend by sewing.
Stitch	trick, cheat, betray.
Stitch in time	Timely remedy.
Stoat	Mammal of the weasel family with brown fur turning mainly white in the winter.
Stock	store of goods etc. Ready for sale or distribution etc.
Stock	supply or quantity of anything for use.
Stock	equipment or raw material for manufacture or trade etc.
Stock	farm animals or equipment.
Stock	a capital of a business.
Stock	shares in this.
Stock	reputation or popularity
Stock	a money lent to a government at fixed interest.
Stock	right to receive such interest.
Stock	line of ancestry
Stock	liquid basis for soup etc. Made by stewing bones, vegetables, etc.
Stock	0 fragrant-flowered cruciferous cultivated plant.
Stock	1 plant into which a graft is inserted.
Stock	2 main trunk of a tree etc.
Stock	3 (in
Stock	) Hist. Timber frame with holes for the feet in which offenders were locked as a public punishment.
Stock	4 base, support, or handle for an implement or machine.
Stock	5 butt of a rifle etc.
Stock	6 (in
Stock	) Supports for a ship during building or repair.
Stock	7 band of cloth worn round the neck.
Stock	kept in stock and so regularly available.
Stock	hackneyed, conventional.
Stock	have
Stock	in stock.
Stock	provide
Stock	With goods, livestock, etc.
Stock	fit
Stock	With a stock.
Stock	make an inventory of one's stock.
Stock	review
Stockade	Line or enclosure of upright stakes.
Stockade	fortify with this.
Stockbreeder	Livestock farmer.
Stock-car	Specially strengthened car for use in racing with deliberate bumping.
Stock exchange	place for dealing in stocks and shares.
Stock exchange	dealers working there.
Stockholder	Owner of stocks or shares.
Stockinet	elastic knitted fabric.
Stocking	long knitted covering for the leg and foot, of nylon, wool, silk, etc.
Stocking	differently-coloured lower leg of a horse etc.
Stocking-stitch	Alternate rows of plain and purl.
Stock-in-trade	requisite
Stock-in-trade	of a trade or profession.
Stock-in-trade	characteristic or essential product; characteristic behaviour, actions, etc.
Stockist	Dealer in specified types of goods.
Stock market	transactions on this.
Stockpile	Accumulated stock of goods etc. Held in reserve.
Stockpile	accumulate a stockpile of.
Stockpot	Pot for making soup stock.
Stockroom	Room for storing goods.
Stock-still	Motionless.
Stocktaking	making an inventory of stock.
Stocktaking	review of one's position etc.
Stocky	short and sturdy.
Stocky	Stockiness
Stockyard	Enclosure for the sorting or temporary keeping of cattle.
Stodge	Heavy fattening food.
Stodgy	heavy and glutinous.
Stodgy	dull and uninteresting.
Stodgy	Stodginess
Stoic	member of the ancient greek school of philosophy which sought virtue as the greatest good and taught control of one's feelings and passions.
Stoic	stoical person.
Stoic	of or like the stoics.
Stoical	Having or showing great self-control in adversity.
Stoicism	philosophy of the stoics.
Stoicism	stoical attitude.
Stoke	feed and tend
Stoke	Fill oneself with food.
Stokehold	Compartment in a steamship containing its boilers and furnace.
Stokehole	Space for stokers in front of a furnace.
Stoker	Person who tends a furnace, esp. On a steamship.
Stol	Short take-off and landing.
Stole1	woman's garment like a long wide scarf, worn over the shoulders.
Stole1	strip of silk etc. Worn similarly by a priest.
Stolen	Of *steal.
Stolid	Not easily excited or moved; impassive, unemotional.
Stolid	Stolidly
Stoma	minute pore in the epidermis of a leaf.
Stoma	small mouthlike artificial orifice made in the stomach.
Stomach	a internal organ in which digestion occurs.
Stomach	any of several such organs in animals.
Stomach	lower front of the body.
Stomach	a appetite.
Stomach	inclination.
Stomach	find palatable.
Stomach	endure
Stomach-ache	Pain in the belly or bowels.
Stomacher	Hist. Pointed bodice of a dress, often jewelled or embroidered.
Stomach-pump	Syringe for forcing liquid etc. Into or out of the stomach.
Stomach upset	Temporary digestive disorder.
Stomp	Tread or stamp heavily.
Stomp	Lively jazz dance with heavy stamping.
Stone	a solid non-metallic mineral matter; rock.
Stone	small piece of this.
Stone	(often in
Stone	) Piece of stone of a definite shape or for a particular purpose.
Stone	a thing resembling stone, e.g. The hard case of the kernel in some fruits.
Stone	(often in
Stone	) Hard morbid concretion in the body.
Stone	unit of weight equal to
Stone	4 lb.
Stone	Made of stone.
Stone	pelt with stones.
Stone	remove the stones from
Stone	stone's throw a short distance.
Stone age	Prehistoric period when weapons and tools were made of stone.
Stonechat	Small brown bird with black and white markings.
Stone-cold	Completely cold.
Stone-cold sober	Completely sober.
Stonecrop	Succulent rock-plant.
Stoned	drunk or drugged.
Stone-dead	Completely dead.
Stone-deaf	Completely deaf.
Stone-fruit	Fruit with flesh enclosing a stone.
Stoneground	ground with millstones.
Stonemason	Person who cuts, prepares, and builds with stone.
Stonewall	obstruct
Stonewall	with evasive answers etc.
Stonewall	cricket bat with excessive caution.
Stoneware	Ceramic ware which is impermeable and partly vitrified but opaque.
Stonewashed	washed with abrasives to give a worn or faded look.
Stonework	Masonry.
Stonker	excellent person or thing.
Stony	full of stones.
Stony	a hard, rigid.
Stony	unfeeling, uncompromising.
Stony	Stoniness
Stony-broke	entirely without money.
Stooge	butt or foil, esp. For a comedian.
Stooge	assistant or subordinate, esp. For routine or unpleasant work.
Stooge	act as a stooge for.
Stooge	Move about aimlessly.
Stook	Group of sheaves of grain stood on end in a field.
Stook	Arrange in stooks.
Stool	single seat without a back or arms.
Stool	(usu. In
Stoolball	Team game with pairs of batters scoring runs between two bases.
Stool-pigeon	person acting as a decoy.
Stool-pigeon	police informer.
Stoop1	lower the body, sometimes bending the knee; bend down.
Stoop1	stand or walk with the shoulders habitually bent forward.
Stoop1	Condescend.
Stoop1	descend to
Stoop1	Stooping posture.
Stoop2	Us porch, small veranda, or steps in front of a house.
Stop	a put an end to the progress, motion, or operation of.
Stop	effectively hinder or prevent.
Stop	discontinue
Stop	come to an end
Stop	cease from motion, speaking, or action.
Stop	defeat.
Stop	receive
Stop	remain; stay for a short time.
Stop	block or close up
Stop	not permit or supply as usual
Stop	instruct a bank to withhold payment on
Stop	0 fill
Stop	1 press
Stop	to obtain the required pitch.
Stop	stopping or being stopped.
Stop	designated stopping-place for a bus or train etc.
Stop	device for stopping motion at a particular point.
Stop	change of pitch effected by stopping a string.
Stop	row of pipes of one character.
Stop	knob etc. Operating these.
Stop	optics
Stop	photog.
Stop	a effective diameter of a lens.
Stop	device for reducing this.
Stopcock	Externally operated valve regulating the flow through a pipe etc.
Stopgap	Temporary substitute.
Stop-go	Alternate stopping and restarting, esp. Of the economy.
Stopoff	Break in a journey.
Stopover	Break in a journey, esp. Overnight.
Stoppage	interruption of work owing to a strike etc.
Stoppage	(in
Stoppage	) Sum deducted from pay, for tax, national insurance, etc.
Stoppage	condition of being blocked or stopped.
Stopper	Plug for closing a bottle etc.
Stopper	Close with this.
Stop press	(often
Stop press	) Late news inserted in a newspaper after printing has begun.
Stopwatch	Watch that can be stopped and started, used to time races etc.
Storage	a storing of goods etc.
Storage	method of or space for storing.
Storage	cost of storing.
Storage	storing of data in a computer etc.
Storage battery	battery
Storage battery	for storing electricity.
Storage heater	Electric heater releasing heat stored outside peak hours.
Store	quantity of something kept available for use.
Store	(in
Store	articles gathered for a particular purpose.
Store	supply of, or place for keeping, these.
Store	esp. Us shop.
Store	(often in
Store	) Shop selling basic necessities.
Store	warehouse for keeping furniture etc. Temporarily.
Store	device in a computer for keeping retrievable data.
Store	accumulate for future use.
Store	put
Store	In a store.
Store	stock or provide with something useful.
Store	keep
Store	for retrieval.
Store	kept in readiness.
Store	coming in the future.
Store	awaiting. Set store by consider important.
Storehouse	Storage place.
Storekeeper	storeman.
Storekeeper	us shopkeeper.
Storeman	Person in charge of a store of goods.
Storeroom	Storage room.
Storey	thing forming a horizontal division.
Storey	(in
Storied	Literary celebrated in or associated with stories or legends.
Stork	Long-legged usu. White wading bird.
Storm	violent atmospheric disturbance with strong winds and usu. Thunder, rain, or snow.
Storm	violent political etc. Disturbance.
Storm	a violent shower of missiles or blows.
Storm	outbreak of applause, hisses, etc.
Storm	a direct assault by troops on a fortified place.
Storm	capture by such an assault.
Storm	attack or capture by storm.
Storm	Move violently or angrily
Storm	talk violently, rage, bluster.
Storm	capture by direct assault.
Storm	rapidly captivate.
Storm centre	point to which the wind spirals inward in a cyclonic storm.
Storm centre	centre of controversy etc.
Storm cloud	heavy rain-cloud.
Storm cloud	threatening situation.
Storm-door	Additional outer door.
Storm in a teacup	Great excitement over a trivial matter.
Storm petrel	small black and white
Storm petrel	Atlantic petrel.
Storm petrel	person causing unrest.
Storm trooper	Member of the storm troops.
Storm troops	hist. Nazi political militia.
Stormy	of or affected by storms.
Stormy	Violent.
Stormy	full of angry feeling or outbursts
Stormy	Storminess
Story	account of imaginary or past events; tale, anecdote.
Story	history of a person or institution etc.
Story	narrative or plot of a novel, play, etc.
Story	facts or experiences worthy of narration.
Story	Fib.
Storyteller	person who tells stories.
Storyteller	Liar.
Stoup	basin for holy-water.
Stoup	flagon, beaker.
Stout	rather fat, corpulent, bulky.
Stout	thick or strong.
Stout	brave, resolute.
Stout	Strong dark beer.
Stout	Stoutness
Stout-hearted	Courageous.
Stove1	Closed apparatus burning fuel or using electricity for heating or cooking.
Stove-pipe	Pipe carrying smoke and gases from a stove to a chimney.
Stow	Pack
Stow	Tidily and compactly.
Stow	place
Stow	out of the way.
Stow	be a stowaway on a ship etc.
Stowage	stowing.
Stowage	place for this.
Stowaway	Person who hides on a ship or aircraft etc. To travel free.
Strabismus	Med. Squinting, squint.
Straddle	a sit or stand across
Straddle	with the legs spread.
Straddle	be situated on both sides of.
Straddle	part
Straddle	widely.
Strafe	bombard; attack with gunfire.
Straggle	lack compactness or tidiness.
Straggle	be dispersed or sporadic.
Straggle	trail behind in a race etc.
Straggle	Straggling or scattered group.
Straggle	Straggly
Straight	extending uniformly in the same direction; not bent or curved.
Straight	successive, uninterrupted
Straight	ordered; level; tidy
Straight	honest, candid.
Straight	Logical.
Straight	Serious, classical, not popular or comic.
Straight	a unmodified.
Straight	undiluted.
Straight	Conventional, respectable.
Straight	heterosexual.
Straight	direct, undeviating.
Straight	straight part, esp. The concluding stretch of a racetrack.
Straight	straight condition.
Straight	sequence of five cards in poker.
Straight	Conventional person; heterosexual.
Straight	in a straight line; direct.
Straight	in the right direction.
Straight	correctly.
Straight	Without hesitation.
Straight	Straightness
Straightaway	= straight away.
Straighten	make or become straight.
Straighten	stand erect after bending.
Straight eye	Ability to detect deviation from the straight.
Straight face	Intentionally expressionless face.
Straight fight	Polit. Contest between two candidates only.
Straight flush	Flush in numerical sequence.
Straightforward	honest or frank.
Straightforward	Simple.
Straight man	Comedian's stooge.
Strain1	stretch tightly; make or become taut or tense.
Strain1	injure by overuse or excessive demands.
Strain1	exercise
Strain1	Intensely; press to extremes.
Strain1	strive intensively.
Strain1	tug, pull.
Strain1	distort from the true intention or meaning.
Strain1	a clear
Strain1	of solid matter by passing it through a sieve etc.
Strain1	filter
Strain1	out from a liquid.
Strain1	a act of straining.
Strain1	force exerted in this.
Strain1	injury caused by straining a muscle etc.
Strain1	severe mental or physical demand or exertion
Strain1	snatch of music or poetry.
Strain1	tone or tendency in speech or writing
Strain2	breed or stock of animals, plants, etc.
Strain2	tendency; characteristic.
Strained	constrained, artificial.
Strained	mutually distrustful or tense.
Strainer	Device for straining liquids etc.
Strait	(in sing. Or
Strait	) Narrow channel connecting two large bodies of water.
Strait	(usu. In
Strait	) Difficulty or distress.
Straitened	Of or marked by poverty.
Strait-jacket	strong garment with long sleeves for confining a violent prisoner etc.
Strait-jacket	restrictive measures.
Strait-jacket	restrain with a strait-jacket.
Strait-jacket	severely restrict.
Strait-laced	Puritanical.
Strand1	run aground.
Strand1	(as stranded
Strand1	) In difficulties, esp. Without money or transport.
Strand1	Foreshore; beach.
Strand2	each of the twisted threads or wires making a rope or cable etc.
Strand2	single thread or strip of fibre.
Strand2	lock of hair.
Strand2	element; component.
Strange	unusual, peculiar, surprising, eccentric.
Strange	unfamiliar, foreign.
Strange	unaccustomed.
Strange	not at ease.
Strange	Strangeness
Stranger	person new to a particular place or company.
Stranger	person one does not know.
Stranger	person unaccustomed to
Strangle	squeeze the windpipe or neck of, esp. So as to kill.
Strangle	hamper, suppress.
Stranglehold	throttling hold in wrestling.
Stranglehold	deadly grip.
Stranglehold	complete control.
Strangulate	compress
Strangulate	, preventing circulation.
Strangulation	strangling or being strangled.
Strangulation	strangulating.
Strap	strip of leather etc., often with a buckle, for holding things together etc.
Strap	narrow strip of fabric worn over the shoulders as part of a garment.
Strap	loop for grasping to steady oneself in a moving vehicle.
Strap	punishment by beating with a leather strap.
Strap	Secure or bind with a strap.
Strap	beat with a strap.
Straphanger	standing passenger in a bus, train, etc.
Strapping	Large and sturdy.
Strata	Of *stratum.
Stratagem	cunning plan or scheme.
Stratagem	trickery.
Strategic	of or promoting strategy.
Strategic	essential in war.
Strategic	done or for use as a longer-term military objective.
Strategy	long-term plan or policy
Strategy	art of war.
Strategy	art of moving troops, ships, aircraft, etc. Into favourable positions.
Strathspey	slow scottish dance.
Strathspey	music for this.
Stratify	(esp. As stratified
Stratify	) Arrange in strata or grades etc.
Stratigraphy	Geol.
Stratigraphy	archaeol.
Stratigraphy	relative position of strata.
Stratigraphy	the study of this.
Stratosphere	Layer of atmosphere above the troposphere, extending to about
Stratosphere	0 km from the earth's surface.
Stratum	layer or set of layers of any deposited substance, esp. Of rock.
Stratum	atmospheric layer.
Stratum	social class.
Straw	dry cut stalks of grain as fodder or material for bedding, packing, etc.
Straw	single stalk of straw.
Straw	thin tube for sucking drink through.
Straw	insignificant thing.
Straw	pale yellow colour.
Strawberry	pulpy red fruit with a seed-studded surface.
Strawberry	plant with runners and white flowers bearing this.
Strawberry mark	Reddish birthmark.
Straw vote	unofficial ballot as a test of opinion.
Stray	wander from the right place or from one's companions; go astray.
Stray	deviate morally or mentally.
Stray	Strayed person, animal, or thing.
Stray	strayed, lost.
Stray	isolated, occasional.
Stray	physics wasted or unwanted.
Streak	long thin usu. Irregular line or band, esp. Of colour.
Streak	strain in a person's character.
Streak	spell or series
Streak	mark with streaks.
Streak	move very rapidly.
Streak	Run naked in public.
Streaky	full of streaks.
Streaky	with streaks of fat.
Stream	flowing body of water, esp.
Stream	small river.
Stream	flow of a fluid or of a mass of people.
Stream	current or direction in which things are moving or tending
Stream	group of schoolchildren of similar ability taught together.
Stream	move as a stream.
Stream	run with liquid.
Stream	be blown in the wind.
Stream	emit a stream of
Stream	arrange
Stream	in streams.
Streamer	long narrow strip of ribbon or paper.
Streamer	long narrow flag.
Streamer	banner headline.
Streamline	give
Streamline	The form which presents the least resistance to motion.
Streamline	make simple or more efficient.
Street	a public road in a city, town, or village.
Street	this with the houses etc. On each side.
Street	people who live or work in a particular street.
Street	Much superior
Street	. Up
Street	one's street
Street	What one likes, knows about, etc.
Streetcar	Us tram.
Street credibility	familiarity with a fashionable urban subculture.
Streetwalker	Prostitute seeking customers in the street.
Streetwise	Knowing how to survive modern urban life.
Strength	being strong; degree or manner of this.
Strength	a person or thing giving strength.
Strength	positive attribute.
Strength	number of people present or available; full number.
Strengthen	Make or become stronger.
Strenuous	requiring or using great effort.
Strenuous	energetic.
Streptococcus	bacterium of a type often causing infectious diseases.
Streptomycin	Antibiotic effective against many disease-producing bacteria.
Stress	a pressure or tension.
Stress	quantity measuring this.
Stress	a physical or mental strain.
Stress	distress caused by this.
Stress	a emphasis.
Stress	emphasis on a syllable or word.
Stress	emphasize.
Stress	subject to stress.
Stressful	Causing stress.
Stretch	draw, be drawn, or be able to be drawn out in length or size.
Stretch	make or become taut.
Stretch	place or lie at full length or spread out.
Stretch	extend
Stretch	thrust out one's limbs and tighten one's muscles after being relaxed.
Stretch	have a specified length or extension; extend.
Stretch	strain or exert extremely; exaggerate
Stretch	continuous extent, expanse, or period.
Stretch	stretching or being stretched.
Stretch	Elastic
Stretch	Period of imprisonment etc.
Stretch	us straight side of a racetrack.
Stretch	extend
Stretch	last; prolong. Stretch a point agree to something not normally allowed.
Stretcher	two poles with canvas etc. Between, for carrying a person in a lying position.
Stretcher	brick etc. Laid along the face of a wall.
Strew	scatter or spread about over a surface.
Strew	spread
Strew	with scattered things.
Stria	slight ridge or furrow.
Striate	marked with striae.
Striate	mark with slight ridges.
Stricken	Overcome with illness or misfortune etc.
Strict	precisely limited or defined; undeviating
Strict	requiring complete obedience or exact performance.
Strict	Strictness
Stricture	(usu. In
Stricture	; often foll. By on, upon) critical or censorious remark.
Stride	(-ding; past strode;
Stride	Stridden)
Stride	walk with long firm steps.
Stride	cross with one step.
Stride	bestride.
Stride	a single long step.
Stride	length of this.
Stride	gait as determined by the length of stride.
Stride	(usu. In
Stride	) Progress
Stride	steady progress
Strident	Loud and harsh.
Strident	Stridently
Strife	Conflict; struggle.
Strike	(-king; past struck;
Strike	Struck or
Strike	stricken)
Strike	deliver
Strike	or inflict a blow on; hit.
Strike	come or bring sharply into contact with
Strike	propel or divert with a blow.
Strike	penetrate
Strike	ignite
Strike	or produce
Strike	By friction.
Strike	make
Strike	by stamping.
Strike	produce
Strike	by striking.
Strike	indicate
Strike	with a chime etc.
Strike	be so indicated.
Strike	a attack suddenly.
Strike	afflict.
Strike	0 cause to become suddenly
Strike	1 reach or achieve
Strike	2 agree on
Strike	3 assume
Strike	suddenly and dramatically.
Strike	4 discover or find
Strike	By drilling etc.
Strike	5 occur to or appear to
Strike	engage in a strike.
Strike	7 lower or take down
Strike	8 take a specified direction.
Strike	Secure a hook in the mouth of
Strike	by jerking the tackle.
Strike	act of striking.
Strike	a organized refusal to work until a grievance is remedied.
Strike	similar refusal to participate.
Strike	sudden find or success.
Strike	attack, esp. From the air.
Strike	deal an effective blow.
Strike	have the intended effect. Strike off
Strike	remove with a stroke.
Strike	delete
Strike	From a list, esp.
Strike	professional register. Strike out
Strike	hit out.
Strike	act vigorously.
Strike	delete
Strike	set off
Strike	. Strike up
Strike	start
Strike	, esp. Casually.
Strike	Begin playing
Strike	. Struck on
Strike	Infatuated with.
Strikebreaker	Person working or employed in place of strikers.
Strike pay	Allowance paid to strikers by their union.
Striker	employee on strike.
Striker	football attacking player positioned forward.
Striking	Impressive; attracting attention.
Strine	comic transliteration of australian pronunciation.
Strine	australian english.
String	twine or narrow cord.
String	piece of this or of similar material used for tying or holding together, pulling, forming the head of a racket, etc.
String	length of catgut or wire etc. On a musical instrument, producing a note by vibration.
String	a (in
String	) Stringed instruments in an orchestra etc.
String	Of stringed instruments
String	(in
String	) Condition or complication
String	set of things strung together; series or line.
String	tough side of a bean-pod etc.
String	(past and
String	Strung)
String	fit
String	With a string or strings, or
String	with horsehairs etc.
String	tie with string.
String	thread on a string.
String	arrange in or as a string.
String	remove the strings from
String	deceive.
String	keep company
String	. String out extend; prolong. String up
String	hang up on strings etc.
String	kill by hanging.
String	(usu. As strung up
String	) Make tense.
String-course	Raised horizontal band of bricks etc. On a building.
Stringed	having strings.
Stringent	Strict, precise; leaving no loophole for discretion.
Stringent	Stringently
Stringer	longitudinal structural member in a framework, esp. Of a ship or aircraft.
Stringer	Freelance newspaper correspondent.
String vest	Vest with large meshes.
Stringy	like string, fibrous.
Strip1	remove the clothes or covering from.
Strip1	undress oneself.
Strip1	deprive
Strip1	of property or titles.
Strip1	leave bare.
Strip1	remove the accessory fittings of or take apart
Strip1	damage the thread of
Strip1	or the teeth of
Strip1	remove
Strip1	or remove paint from
Strip1	with solvent.
Strip1	pull
Strip1	Off
Strip1	act of stripping, esp. In striptease.
Strip1	Distinctive outfit worn by a sports team.
Strip2	Long narrow piece.
Strip2	Rebuke a person.
Strip club	Club at which striptease is performed.
Stripe	long narrow band or strip differing in colour or texture from the surface on either side of it.
Stripe	mil. Chevron etc. Denoting military rank.
Striped	Marked with stripes.
Strip light	Tubular fluorescent lamp.
Stripling	Youth not yet fully grown.
Stripper	person or thing that strips something.
Stripper	device or solvent for removing paint etc.
Stripper	striptease performer.
Strip-search	Search involving the removal of all a person's clothes.
Strip-search	Search in this way.
Striptease	Entertainment in which the performer slowly and erotically undresses.
Stripy	striped.
Strive	(-ving; past strove;
Strive	Striven)
Strive	try hard
Strive	struggle.
Strobe	Stroboscope.
Stroboscope	physics instrument for determining speeds of rotation etc. By shining a bright light at intervals so that a rotating object appears stationary.
Stroboscope	lamp made to flash intermittently, esp. For this purpose.
Stroke	act of striking; blow, hit.
Stroke	sudden disabling attack caused esp. By thrombosis; apoplexy.
Stroke	a action or movement, esp. As one of a series.
Stroke	slightest action
Stroke	single complete motion of a wing, oar, etc.
Stroke	the mode or action of moving the oar
Stroke	whole motion of a piston in either direction.
Stroke	specified mode of swimming.
Stroke	specially successful or skilful effort
Stroll	Walk in a leisurely way.
Stroll	Short leisurely walk.
Strolling players	pl. Hist. Travelling actors etc.
Strong	able to resist; not easily damaged, overcome, or disturbed.
Strong	healthy.
Strong	capable of exerting great force or of doing much; muscular, powerful.
Strong	forceful in effect
Strong	firmly held
Strong	Convincing.
Strong	intense
Strong	formidable
Strong	Not very diluted.
Strong	0 of a specified number
Strong	forming inflections by a change of vowel within the stem
Strong	Strongly.
Strong	Continuing vigorously; in good health etc.
Strong	Strongly
Strong-arm	Using force
Strongbox	Small strongly made chest for valuables.
Stronghold	fortified place.
Stronghold	secure refuge.
Stronghold	centre of support for a cause etc.
Strong language	Swearing.
Strong-minded	Determined.
Strong point	thing at which one excels.
Strongroom	Room, esp. In a bank, for keeping valuables safe from fire and theft.
Strontium	Soft silver-white metallic element.
Strontium-90	Radioactive isotope of strontium found in nuclear fallout and concentrated in bones and teeth when ingested.
Strop	Device, esp.
Strop	strip of leather, for sharpening razors.
Strop	sharpen on a strop.
Stroppy	Bad-tempered; awkward to deal with.
Structural	Of a structure.
Structuralism	Doctrine that structure rather than function is important.
Structure	a constructed unit, esp.
Structure	building.
Structure	way in which a building etc. Is constructed.
Structure	framework
Structure	give structure to; organize.
Strudel	Thin leaved pastry rolled round a filling and baked.
Struggle	violently try to get free of restraint.
Struggle	Try hard under difficulties
Struggle	contend; fight.
Struggle	Progress with difficulty.
Struggle	(esp. As struggling
Struggle	) Have difficulty in gaining recognition or a living
Struggle	act or spell of struggling.
Struggle	hard or confused contest.
Strum	Play on
Strum	, esp. Carelessly or unskilfully.
Strum	play
Strum	In this way.
Strum	Sound or spell of strumming.
Strumpet	or rhet. Prostitute.
Strut	bar in a framework, designed to resist compression.
Strut	strutting gait.
Strut	walk stiffly and pompously.
Strut	brace with struts.
'Struth	Exclamation of surprise.
Strychnine	Highly poisonous alkaloid used in small doses as a stimulant.
Sts	Saints.
Stub	remnant of a pencil or cigarette etc.
Stub	counterfoil of a cheque or receipt etc.
Stub	stump.
Stub	strike
Stub	against something.
Stub	extinguish
Stub	by pressure.
Stubble	stalks of corn etc. Left in the ground after the harvest.
Stubble	short stiff hair or bristles.
Stubborn	Obstinate, inflexible.
Stubborn	Stubbornness
Stubby	short and thick.
Stucco	plaster or cement for coating walls or moulding into decorations.
Stucco	coat with stucco.
Stuck-up	Conceited, snobbish.
Stud1	large-headed projecting nail, boss, or knob, esp. For ornament.
Stud1	double button, esp. For use with two buttonholes in a shirt-front.
Stud1	set with or as with studs.
Stud1	(as studded
Stud1	thickly set or strewn with.
Stud2	a number of horses kept for breeding etc.
Stud2	place where these are kept.
Stud2	stallion.
Stud2	Young man, esp. One noted for sexual prowess.
Stud2	form of poker with betting after the dealing of cards face up.
Stud-book	Book containing the pedigrees of horses.
Studding-sail	Extra sail set in light winds.
Student	person who is studying, esp. At a place of higher or further education.
Student	Studying in order to become
Stud-farm	Place where horses are bred.
Studio	workroom of a painter, photographer, etc.
Studio	place for making films, recordings, or broadcast programmes.
Studio couch	Couch convertible into a bed.
Studio flat	One-roomed flat.
Studious	assiduous in study.
Studious	painstaking.
Study	acquisition of knowledge, esp. From books.
Study	(in
Study	) Pursuit of academic knowledge.
Study	private room used for reading, writing, etc.
Study	piece of work, esp.
Study	drawing, done for practice or as an experiment.
Study	portrayal in literature etc. Of behaviour or character etc.
Study	musical composition designed to develop a player's skill.
Study	thing worth observing
Study	thing that is or deserves to be investigated.
Study	make a study of; investigate
Study	apply oneself to study.
Study	scrutinize closely
Study	learn
Study	take pains to achieve
Study	or pay regard to
Study	(as studied
Study	) Deliberate, affected
Stuff	material; fabric.
Stuff	substance or things not needing to be specified
Stuff	particular knowledge or activity
Stuff	woollen fabric.
Stuff	trash, nonsense.
Stuff	Supply, esp. Of drink or drugs. B
Stuff	money.
Stuff	pack
Stuff	tightly
Stuff	force or cram
Stuff	fill out the skin of
Stuff	With material to restore the original shape.
Stuff	fill
Stuff	with a mixture, esp. Before cooking.
Stuff	Fill with food; eat greedily.
Stuff	push, esp. Hastily or clumsily.
Stuff	block up
Stuffed shirt	Pompous person.
Stuffing	padding for cushions etc.
Stuffing	mixture used to stuff food, esp. Before cooking.
Stuffy	Lacking fresh air.
Stuffy	dull or uninteresting.
Stuffy	Stuffed up.
Stuffy	dull and conventional.
Stuffy	Stuffiness
Stultify	make ineffective or useless, esp. By routine.
Stumble	involuntarily lurch forward or almost fall.
Stumble	walk with repeated stumbles.
Stumble	speak haltingly.
Stumble	find by chance.
Stumble	Act of stumbling.
Stumbling-block	Obstacle.
Stump	part of a cut or fallen tree still in the ground.
Stump	similar part
Stump	cut off or worn down.
Stump	cricket each of the three uprights of a wicket.
Stump	(in
Stump	) Joc. Legs.
Stump	Be too hard for; baffle.
Stump	(as stumped
Stump	) At a loss, baffled.
Stump	cricket put
Stump	out by touching the stumps with the ball while he is out of the crease.
Stump	walk stiffly or noisily.
Stump	Us traverse
Stump	making political speeches.
Stump	Pay or produce
Stumpy	short and thick.
Stun	knock senseless; stupefy.
Stun	bewilder, shock.
Stunner	Stunning person or thing.
Stunning	Extremely attractive or impressive.
Stunt1	Retard the growth or development of.
Stunt2	something unusual done for publicity.
Stunt2	trick or daring feat.
Stunt man	Man employed to perform dangerous stunts in place of an actor.
Stupefy	make stupid or insensible.
Stupefy	astonish, amaze.
Stupendous	Amazing or prodigious, esp. In size.
Stupid	unintelligent, foolish
Stupid	typical of stupid persons
Stupid	uninteresting, boring.
Stupid	in a stupor.
Stupid	. Stupidly
Stupor	Dazed, torpid, or helplessly amazed state.
Sturdy	robust; strongly built.
Sturdy	vigorous
Sturdy	Sturdiness
Sturgeon	large sharklike fish yielding caviare.
Stutter	stammer, esp. By involuntary repetition of the initial consonants of words.
Stutter	utter
Stutter	in this way.
Stutter	Act or habit of stuttering.
Sty2	inflamed swelling on the edge of an eyelid.
Sty2	inflamed swelling on the edge of an eyelid.
Stygian	Literary dark, gloomy.
Style	kind or sort, esp. In regard to appearance and form
Style	manner of writing, speaking, or performing.
Style	distinctive manner of a person, artistic school, or period.
Style	correct way of designating a person or thing.
Style	superior quality or manner
Style	fashion in dress etc.
Style	pointed tool for scratching or engraving.
Style	bot. Narrow extension of the ovary supporting the stigma.
Style	design or make etc. In a particular
Style	style.
Style	designate in a specified way.
Stylish	fashionable; elegant.
Stylish	superior.
Stylish	Stylishness
Stylist	a designer of fashionable styles etc.
Stylist	hairdresser.
Stylist	stylish writer or performer.
Stylistic	Of esp. Literary style.
Stylized	painted, drawn, etc. In a conventional non-realistic style.
Stylus	sharp needle following a groove in a gramophone record and transmitting the recorded sound for reproduction.
Stylus	pointed writing tool.
Stymie	golf situation where an opponent's ball lies between one's ball and the hole.
Stymie	difficult situation.
Stymie	obstruct; thwart.
Stymie	golf block with a stymie.
Styptic	Checking bleeding.
Styptic	Styptic substance.
Styrene	Liquid hydrocarbon easily polymerized and used in making plastics etc.
Suasion	Formal persuasion
Suave	Smooth; polite; sophisticated.
Suave	Suavity
Sub	submarine.
Sub	subscription.
Sub	substitute.
Sub	sub-editor.
Sub	act as a substitute.
Sub	sub-edit.
Sub- 	at, to, or from a lower position
Sub- 	secondary or inferior position
Sub- 	nearly; more or less
Subaltern	Officer below the rank of captain, esp.
Subaltern	second lieutenant.
Sub-aqua	Of underwater swimming or diving.
Subaquatic	Underwater.
Subatomic	Occurring in, or smaller than, an atom.
Subcommittee	Committee formed from a main committee for a special purpose.
Subconscious	Of the part of the mind which is not fully conscious but influences actions etc.
Subconscious	This part of the mind.
Subcontinent	Large land mass, smaller than a continent.
Subcontract	employ another contractor to do
Subcontract	as part of a larger project.
Subcontract	make or carry out a subcontract.
Subcontract	Secondary contract.
Subculture	Distinct cultural group within a larger culture.
Subcutaneous	Under the skin.
Subdivide	divide again after a first division.
Subdue	conquer, subjugate, or tame.
Subdue	(as subdued
Subdue	) Softened; lacking in intensity; toned down.
Sub-editor	assistant editor.
Sub-editor	person who edits material for printing.
Subfusc	Formal dull; dusky.
Subfusc	Formal clothing at some universities.
Subgroup	Subset of a group.
Subheading	Subordinate heading or title.
Subhuman	Less than human.
Subject	a matter, theme, etc. To be discussed, described, represented, etc.
Subject	person, circumstance, etc., giving rise to a specified feeling, action, etc.
Subject	field of study.
Subject	logic &
Subjective	Not impartial or literal; personal.
Subjective	esp. Philos. Of the individual consciousness or perception; imaginary, partial, or distorted.
Subjective	Of the subject.
Subjective	Subjectivity
Subjoin	Add
Subjoin	At the end.
Sub judice	Law under judicial consideration and therefore prohibited from public discussion elsewhere.
Subjugate	bring into subjection; vanquish.
Subjugate	Subjugator
Subjunctive	expressing what is imagined, wished, or possible
Subjunctive	This mood or form.
Sublease	Lease granted by a tenant to a subtenant.
Sublease	lease to a subtenant.
Sublet	(-tt-; past and
Sublet	-let)
Sub-lieutenant	Officer ranking next below lieutenant.
Sublimate	divert
Sublimate	into socially more acceptable activity.
Sublimate	convert
Sublimate	from the solid state directly to vapour by heat, and usu. Allow it to solidify again.
Sublimate	refine; purify; idealize.
Sublimate	Sublimated substance.
Sublime	of the most exalted or noble kind; awe-inspiring.
Sublime	arrogantly unruffled
Sublime	purify or elevate by or as if by sublimation; make sublime.
Sublime	become pure
Sublime	by sublimation.
Sublime	Sublimity
Subliminal	Psychol.
Subliminal	Below the threshold of sensation or consciousness.
Sub-machine-gun	Hand-held lightweight machine-gun.
Submarine	Vessel, esp. An armed warship, capable of operating under water.
Submarine	Existing, occurring, done, or used under the sea.
Submerge	place, go, or dive under water.
Submerge	inundate with work, problems, etc.
Submerge	Submersion
Submersible	Submarine operating under water for short periods.
Submersible	Capable of submerging.
Submicroscopic	Too small to be seen by an ordinary microscope.
Submission	a submitting or being submitted.
Submission	thing submitted.
Submission	submissiveness.
Submissive	Humble, obedient.
Submissive	Submissiveness
Submit	a cease resistance; yield.
Submit	refl. Surrender
Submit	to the control of another etc.
Submit	present for consideration.
Submit	subject
Submit	to a process, treatment, etc.
Subnormal	Below or less than normal, esp. In intelligence.
Suborder	Taxonomic category between an order and a family.
Subordinate	of inferior importance or rank; secondary, subservient.
Subordinate	Person working under another.
Subordinate	make or treat as subordinate.
Subordinate clause	Clause serving as an adjective, adverb, or noun in a main sentence.
Suborn	Induce by bribery etc. To commit perjury etc.
Sub-plot	Secondary plot in a play etc.
Subpoena	Writ ordering a person to attend a lawcourt.
Subpoena	(past and
Subpoena	-naed or -na'd) serve a subpoena on.
Sub rosa	In secrecy or confidence.
Subroutine	Computing routine designed to perform a frequently used operation within a program.
Subscribe	a pay
Subscribe	, esp. Regularly, for membership of an organization, receipt of a publication, etc.
Subscribe	contribute money to a fund, for a cause, etc.
Subscribe	agree with an opinion etc.
Subscriber	person who subscribes.
Subscriber	person hiring a telephone line.
Subscriber trunk dialling	Automatic connection of trunk calls by dialling.
Subscript	Written or printed below the line.
Subscript	Subscript number etc.
Subscription	a act of subscribing.
Subscription	money subscribed.
Subscription	membership fee, esp. Paid regularly.
Subscription	Paid for mainly by advance sales of tickets
Subsection	Division of a section.
Subsequent	following, esp. As a consequence.
Subservient	servile.
Subservient	instrumental.
Subservient	subordinate.
Subset	Set of which all the elements are contained in another set.
Subside	become tranquil; abate
Subside	Sink.
Subside	cave in; sink.
Subsidiary	supplementary; auxiliary.
Subsidiary	controlled by another.
Subsidiary	subsidiary thing, person, or company.
Subsidize	pay a subsidy to.
Subsidize	partially pay for by subsidy.
Subsidy	money granted esp. By the state to keep down the price of commodities etc.
Subsidy	any monetary grant.
Subsist	keep oneself alive; be kept alive.
Subsist	remain in being; exist.
Subsistence	state or instance of subsisting.
Subsistence	a means of support; livelihood.
Subsistence	(often
Subsistence	) Minimal level of existence or income.
Subsistence farming	Farming which supports the farmer's household but produces no surplus.
Subsoil	Soil immediately under the surface soil.
Subsonic	Of speeds less than that of sound.
Substance	particular kind of material having uniform properties.
Substance	reality; solidity.
Substance	content or essence as opposed to form etc.
Substance	wealth and possessions
Substandard	Of less than the required or normal quality or size.
Substantial	a of real importance or value.
Substantial	large in size or amount.
Substantial	solid; sturdy.
Substantial	commercially successful; wealthy.
Substantial	essential; largely true.
Substantial	real; existing.
Substantiate	prove the truth of
Substantive	genuine, actual, real.
Substantive	not slight; substantial.
Substitute	(also
Substitute	) Person or thing acting or used in place of another.
Substitute	artificial alternative to a food etc.
Substitute	act as a substitute.
Substratum	underlying layer or substance.
Substructure	Underlying or supporting structure.
Subsume	include
Subsume	In a rule, class, etc.
Subtenant	Person renting a room etc. From its tenant.
Subtend	be opposite
Subterfuge	attempt to avoid blame or defeat esp. By lying or deceit.
Subterfuge	statement etc. Used for such a purpose.
Subterranean	Underground.
Subtext	Underlying theme.
Subtitle	secondary or additional title of a book etc.
Subtitle	caption on a film etc., esp. Translating dialogue.
Subtitle	provide with a subtitle or subtitles.
Subtle	elusive, mysterious; hard to grasp.
Subtle	Faint, delicate.
Subtle	a perceptive
Subtle	ingenious
Subtle	. Subtly
Subtotal	Total of one part of a group of figures to be added.
Subtract	deduct
Subtract	From another.
Subtropics	pl. Regions adjacent to the tropics.
Suburb	Outlying district of a city.
Suburban	of or characteristic of suburbs.
Suburban	derog. Provincial in outlook.
Suburbia	Often derog. Suburbs, their inhabitants, and their way of life.
Subvention	Subsidy.
Subversive	Seeking to subvert (esp.
Subversive	government).
Subversive	Subversive person.
Subversive	Subversively
Subversive	Subversiveness
Subvert	Overthrow or weaken
Subway	pedestrian tunnel beneath a road etc.
Subway	esp. Us underground railway.
Subzero	lower than zero.
Suc- 	assim. Form of *sub- before c.
Succeed	have success.
Succeed	be successful.
Succeed	follow; come next after.
Succeed	come into an inheritance, office, title, or property
Success	accomplishment of an aim; favourable outcome.
Success	attainment of wealth, fame, or position.
Success	successful thing or person.
Successful	Having success; prosperous.
Succession	a process of following in order; succeeding.
Succession	series of things or people one after another.
Succession	a right of succeeding to the throne, an office, inheritance, etc.
Succession	act or process of so succeeding.
Succession	those having such a right.
Successive	Following one after another; consecutive.
Successor	person or thing that succeeds another.
Succinct	Brief; concise.
Succinct	Succinctness
Succor	Aid, esp. In time of need.
Succor	Give succour to.
Succour	Aid, esp. In time of need.
Succour	Give succour to.
Succubus	female demon formerly believed to have sexual intercourse with sleeping men.
Succulent	juicy; palatable.
Succulent	bot.
Succulent	thick and fleshy.
Succulent	Bot. Succulent plant.
Succumb	surrender
Succumb	die
Such	of the kind or degree indicated
Such	so great or extreme
Such	of a more than normal kind or degree
Such	Such a person or persons; such a thing or things.
Such-and-such	Of a particular kind but not needing to be specified.
Such-and-such	Such a person or thing.
Suchlike	Of such a kind.
Suchlike	Things, people, etc. Of such a kind.
Suck	draw
Suck	into the mouth by suction.
Suck	Draw fluid from
Suck	in this way.
Suck	roll the tongue round
Suck	make a sucking action or sound.
Suck	engulf or drown in a sucking movement.
Suck	Act or period of sucking.
Suck	absorb.
Suck	involve
Suck	esp. Against his or her will. Suck up
Suck	Behave obsequiously.
Suck	absorb.
Sucker	a gullible person.
Sucker	person susceptible to.
Sucker	a rubber cup etc. Adhering by suction.
Sucker	similar organ of an organism.
Sucker	shoot springing from a root or stem below ground.
Suckle	feed
Suckle	from the breast or udder.
Suckle	feed by sucking the breast etc.
Suckling	Unweaned child or animal.
Sucrose	Sugar from sugar cane, sugar beet, etc.
Suction	act of sucking.
Suction	a production of a partial vacuum by the removal of air etc. So that liquid etc. Is forced in or adhesion is procured.
Suction	force so produced.
Sudanese	Of sudan.
Sudanese	native, national, or inhabitant of sudan.
Sudanese	person of sudanese descent.
Sudden	Done or occurring unexpectedly or abruptly.
Sudden	Suddenness
Sudden death	Decision in a tied game etc. Dependent on one move, card, etc.
Sudorific	Causing sweating.
Sudorific	Sudorific drug.
Suds	pl. Froth of soap and water.
Sue	Begin a law suit against.
Sue	make application to a lawcourt for redress.
Sue	make entreaty to a person for a favour.
Suede	(often
Suede	leather with the flesh side rubbed to a nap.
Suede	cloth imitating it.
Suet	Hard white fat on the kidneys or loins of oxen, sheep, etc.
Suf- 	assim. Form of *sub- before f.
Suffer	undergo pain, grief, damage, etc.
Suffer	undergo, experience, or be subjected to
Suffer	tolerate
Suffer	allow.
Sufferance	Tacit consent.
Suffice	Be adequate.
Suffice	satisfy.
Sufficiency	adequate amount.
Sufficient	Sufficing, adequate.
Suffix	Letter
Suffix	added at the end of a word to form a derivative.
Suffix	Append, esp. As a
Suffocate	choke or kill by stopping breathing, esp. By pressure, fumes, etc.
Suffocate	produce a choking or breathlessness in.
Suffocate	be or feel suffocated.
Suffocate	Suffocation
Suffragan	bishop assisting a diocesan bishop.
Suffragan	bishop in relation to his archbishop or metropolitan.
Suffrage	Right of voting in political elections.
Suffragette	Hist. Woman seeking suffrage by organized protest.
Suffuse	Spread throughout from within.
Sufi	muslim mystic.
Sufi	Sufism
Sug- 	assim. Form of *sub- before g.
Sugar	sweet crystalline substance esp. From sugar cane and sugar beet, used in cookery etc.; sucrose.
Sugar	chem. Soluble usu. Sweet crystalline carbohydrate, e.g. Glucose.
Sugar	esp. Us
Sugar	Darling
Sugar	Sweeten or coat with sugar.
Sugar beet	Beet yielding sugar.
Sugar cane	Tropical grass yielding sugar.
Sugar-daddy	elderly man who lavishes gifts on a young woman.
Sugar loaf	Conical moulded mass of sugar.
Sugar soap	Alkaline compound for cleaning or removing paint.
Sugary	containing or like sugar.
Sugary	excessively sweet or esp. Sentimental.
Suggest	propose
Suggest	a evoke
Suggest	hint at.
Suggestible	easily influenced.
Suggestible	capable of being suggested.
Suggestion	suggesting or being suggested.
Suggestion	theory, plan, etc., suggested.
Suggestion	slight trace, hint.
Suggestion	psychol. Insinuation of a belief etc. Into the mind.
Suggestive	hinting
Suggestive	Indecent.
Suicidal	inclined to commit suicide.
Suicidal	of suicide.
Suicidal	self-destructive; rash.
Suicide	a intentional killing of oneself.
Suicide	person who commits suicide.
Suicide	self-destructive action or course
Sui generis	Of its own kind; unique.
Suit	set of matching clothes, usu.
Suit	jacket and trousers or skirt.
Suit	(esp. In
Suit	) Clothes for a special purpose
Suit	any of the four sets
Suit	making up a pack of cards.
Suit	lawsuit.
Suit	a petition, esp. To a person in authority. B
Suit	courting a woman
Suit	go well with
Suit	Meet the demands or requirements of; satisfy; agree with.
Suit	make fitting; accommodate; adapt.
Suit	(as suited
Suit	) Appropriate; well-fitted
Suitable	well-fitted; appropriate.
Suitable	Suitably
Suitcase	Case for carrying clothes etc., with a handle and a flat hinged lid.
Suite	set, esp. Of rooms in a hotel etc. Or a sofa and armchairs.
Suite	Set of instrumental pieces performed as a unit.
Suitor	man wooing a woman.
Suitor	plaintiff or petitioner in a lawsuit.
Sulfa	any of various sulphonamides (often
Sulfa	: sulpha drug).
Sulfate	salt or ester of sulphuric acid.
Sulfide	binary compound of sulphur.
Sulfite	salt or ester of sulphurous acid.
Sulfonamide	any of a class of antibiotic drugs containing sulphur.
Sulfur	pale-yellow non-metallic element burning with a blue flame and a suffocating smell.
Sulfur	pale greenish-yellow colour.
Sulfureous	of or like sulphur.
Sulfuric	chem. Containing sulphur with a valency of six.
Sulfurous	of or like sulphur.
Sulfurous	chem. Containing sulphur with a valency of four.
Sulk	Be sulky.
Sulk	(also in
Sulk	, prec. By the) period of sullen silence.
Sulky	sullen or silent, esp. From resentment or bad temper.
Sulky	Sulkiness
Sullen	Passively resentful, sulky, morose.
Sullen	Sullenness
Sully	disgrace or tarnish
Sulpha	any of various sulphonamides (often
Sulpha	: sulpha drug).
Sulphate	salt or ester of sulphuric acid.
Sulphide	binary compound of sulphur.
Sulphite	salt or ester of sulphurous acid.
Sulphonamide	any of a class of antibiotic drugs containing sulphur.
Sulphur	pale-yellow non-metallic element burning with a blue flame and a suffocating smell.
Sulphur	pale greenish-yellow colour.
Sulphur dioxide	Colourless pungent gas formed by burning sulphur in air and dissolving it in water.
Sulphureous	of or like sulphur.
Sulphuric	chem. Containing sulphur with a valency of six.
Sulphuric acid	Dense oily highly corrosive acid.
Sulphurous	of or like sulphur.
Sulphurous	chem. Containing sulphur with a valency of four.
Sulphurous acid	weak acid used as a reducing and bleaching acid.
Sultan	Muslim sovereign.
Sultana	seedless raisin.
Sultana	sultan's mother, wife, concubine, or daughter.
Sultry	Hot and close.
Sultry	Passionate, sensual.
Sultry	Sultriness
Sum	total resulting from addition.
Sum	amount of money
Sum	a arithmetical problem.
Sum	(esp.
Sum	Arithmetic work, esp. Elementary.
Sum	find the sum of.
Sum	give a summing-up.
Sum	form or express an opinion of
Sum	summarize.
Sumac	shrub with reddish conical fruits used as a spice.
Sumac	dried and ground leaves of this used in tanning and dyeing.
Summarize	make or be a summary of.
Summary	brief account.
Summary	Without details or formalities; brief.
Summation	finding of a total.
Summation	a summing-up.
Summer	(often
Summer	) Warmest season of the year.
Summer	mature stage of life etc.
Summer-house	Light building in a garden etc. For sitting in in fine weather.
Summer pudding	Pudding of soft fruit pressed in a bread case.
Summer school	Course of summer lectures etc. Held esp. At a university.
Summer solstice	Solstice about
Summer solstice	1 june.
Summertime	Season or period of summer.
Summer time	Period from march to october when clocks are advanced an hour.
Summing-up	judge's review of evidence given to a jury.
Summing-up	recapitulation of the main points of an argument etc.
Summit	highest point, top.
Summit	highest degree of power, ambition, etc.
Summit	Conference of heads of government.
Summon	order to come or appear, esp. In a lawcourt.
Summon	Call upon
Summon	call together.
Summon	gather
Summons	authoritative call to attend or do something, esp. To appear in court.
Summons	Esp. Law serve with a summons.
Sumo	Japanese wrestling in which a wrestler is defeated by touching the ground with any part of the body except the soles of the feet or by moving outside the ring.
Sump	casing holding the oil in an internal-combustion engine.
Sump	pit, well, hole, etc. In which superfluous liquid collects.
Sumptuary	Law regulating
Sumptuary	expenditure.
Sumptuous	Rich, lavish, costly.
Sumptuous	Sumptuousness
Sun.	Sunday.
Sun	a the star round which the earth orbits and from which it receives light and warmth.
Sun	this light or warmth.
Sun	any star.
Sun	refl. Bask in the sun.
Sunbathe	bask in the sun, esp. To tan the body.
Sunbeam	Ray of sunlight.
Sunbed	long lightweight, usu. Folding, chair for sunbathing.
Sunbed	bed for lying on under a sun-lamp.
Sunblock	Lotion protecting the skin from the sun.
Sunburn	Inflammation and tanning of the skin from exposure to the sun.
Sundae	Ice-cream with fruit, nuts, syrup, etc.
Sunday	first day of the week, a christian holiday and day of worship.
Sunday	Newspaper published on sundays.
Sunday	on sunday.
Sunday	on sundays; each sunday.
Sunday best	Joc. Person's best clothes, esp. For sunday use.
Sunday school	Religious class on sundays for children.
Sunder	or literary separate.
Sundew	Small insect-consuming bog-plant.
Sundial	Instrument showing the time by the shadow of a pointer in sunlight.
Sundown	Sunset.
Sundry	Various; several.
Sundry	(in
Sundry	) Items or oddments not mentioned individually.
Sunfish	any of various almost spherical fish.
Sunflower	Tall plant with large golden-rayed flowers.
Sung	Of *sing.
Sun-glasses	pl. Glasses tinted to protect the eyes from sunlight or glare.
Sunken	at a lower level; submerged.
Sunken	Hollow, depressed.
Sun-lamp	Lamp giving ultraviolet rays for therapy, to tan, etc.
Sunlight	Light from the sun.
Sunlit	Illuminated by sunlight.
Sun lounge	Room with large windows to receive sunlight.
Sunni	one of the two main branches of islam, accepting law based not only on the koran, but on muhammad's words and acts.
Sunni	adherent of this branch.
Sunni	of or relating to sunni.
Sunny	bright with or warmed by sunlight.
Sunny	cheery, bright.
Sunny	Sunniness
Sunrise	sun's rising.
Sunrise	time of this.
Sun-roof	Panel in a car's roof that can be opened.
Sunset	sun's setting.
Sunset	time of this.
Sunshade	Parasol; awning.
Sunshine	a light of the sun.
Sunshine	area lit by the sun.
Sunshine	fine weather.
Sunshine	cheerfulness.
Sunshine	Form of address.
Sunspot	Dark patch on the sun's surface.
Sunstroke	Acute prostration from excessive exposure to the sun.
Suntan	Brownish skin colour caused by exposure to the sun.
Suntrap	Sunny, esp. Sheltered, place.
Sun-up	Esp. Us sunrise.
Sup1	take by sips or spoonfuls.
Sup1	esp.
Sup1	engl.
Sup1	Drink
Sup1	Sip of liquid.
Sup2	take supper.
Sup- 	assim. Form of *sub- before p.
Super	(also as
Super	Excellent; splendid.
Super	superintendent.
Super	supernumerary.
Super-	Form forming nouns, adjectives, and verbs, meaning:
Super-	above, beyond, or over
Super-	to an extreme degree
Super-	extra good or large of its kind
Super-	of a higher kind
Superabundant	Abounding beyond what is normal or right.
Superannuate	pension
Superannuate	off.
Superannuate	dismiss or discard as too old.
Superannuate	(as superannuated
Superannuate	) Too old for work or use.
Superannuation	pension.
Superannuation	payment towards this.
Superb	Excellent.
Superb	magnificent.
Supercargo	officer in a merchant ship managing sales etc. Of cargo.
Supercharge	charge
Supercharge	With energy, emotion, etc.
Supercharge	use a supercharger on.
Supercharger	Device supplying air or fuel to an internal-combustion engine at above atmospheric pressure to increase efficiency.
Supercilious	Contemptuous; haughty.
Supercilious	Superciliousness
Supercomputer	Powerful computer capable of dealing with complex mathematical problems.
Superconductivity	Physics property of zero electrical resistance in some substances at very low absolute temperatures.
Superconductor	Physics substance having superconductivity.
Superego	psychol. Part of the mind that acts as a conscience and responds to social rules.
Supererogation	Doing more than duty requires.
Superficial	of or on the surface; lacking depth.
Superficial	swift or cursory
Superficial	apparent but not real
Superficial	shallow.
Superficial	Superficially
Superfine	Commerce of extra quality.
Superfluity	state of being superfluous.
Superfluity	superfluous amount or thing.
Superfluous	More than is needed or wanted; useless.
Superglue	Exceptionally strong glue.
Supergrass	Police informer implicating many people.
Superhuman	Exceeding normal human capability.
Superimpose	lay
Superimpose	on something else.
Superintend	Supervise, direct.
Superintendent	police officer above the rank of chief inspector.
Superintendent	a person who superintends.
Superintendent	director of an institution etc.
Superior	in a higher position; of higher rank.
Superior	a high-quality
Superior	supercilious
Superior	better or greater in some respect.
Superior	written or printed above the line.
Superior	person superior to another esp. In rank.
Superior	head of a monastery etc.
Superlative	of the highest quality or degree; excellent.
Superlative	expressing the highest degree of a quality
Superlative	Superlative form of an adjective or adverb.
Superlative	(in
Superlative	) High praise; exaggerated language.
Superman	Man of exceptional strength or ability.
Superman	philos. Ideal person not subject to conventional morality etc.
Supermarket	Large self-service store selling food, household goods, etc.
Supernatural	Not attributable to, or explicable by, the laws of nature; magical; mystical.
Supernatural	supernatural forces, effects, etc.
Supernova	star increasing suddenly in brightness.
Supernumerary	in excess of the normal number; extra.
Supernumerary	engaged for extra work.
Supernumerary	appearing on stage but not speaking.
Supernumerary	supernumerary person or thing.
Superphosphate	Fertilizer made from phosphate rock.
Superpower	Extremely powerful nation.
Superscript	Written or printed above.
Superscript	Superscript number or symbol.
Supersede	take the place of.
Supersede	replace with another person or thing.
Supersonic	Of or having a speed greater than that of sound.
Superstar	Extremely famous or renowned actor, musician, etc.
Superstition	belief in the supernatural; irrational fear of the unknown.
Superstition	practice, belief, or religion based on this.
Superstition	Superstitiously
Superstore	Large supermarket.
Superstructure	Structure built on top of another.
Supertanker	Very large tanker ship.
Supertax	Additional tax on incomes above a certain level.
Supervene	formal occur as an interruption or change.
Supervise	superintend, oversee.
Supervise	Supervisor
Supervise	Supervisory
Superwoman	Woman of exceptional strength or ability.
Supine	lying face upwards.
Supine	inert, indolent.
Supine	Latin verbal noun used only in the accusative and ablative.
Supper	late evening snack.
Supper	evening meal, esp. Light.
Supplant	Take the place of, esp. By underhand means.
Supple	flexible, pliant.
Supplement	thing or part added to improve or provide further information.
Supplement	separate section, esp.
Supplement	colour magazine, of a newspaper etc.
Supplement	Provide a supplement for.
Supplement	Supplementary
Supplement	Supplementation
Suppliant	Supplicating.
Suppliant	Supplicating person.
Supplicate	literary
Supplicate	petition humbly to
Supplicate	or for
Supplicate	make a petition.
Supplicate	Supplication
Supplicate	Supplicatory
Supply	provide
Supply	provide
Supply	meet or make up for
Supply	providing of what is needed.
Supply	stock, store, amount, etc., of something provided or obtainable.
Supply	(in
Supply	) Provisions and equipment for an army, expedition, etc.
Supply	(often
Supply	) Schoolteacher etc. Acting as a temporary substitute for another.
Supply-side	Econ. Denoting a policy of low taxation etc. To encourage production and investment.
Support	carry all or part of the weight of; keep from falling, sinking, or failing.
Support	provide for
Support	strengthen, encourage.
Support	bear out; tend to substantiate.
Support	give help or approval to
Support	; further
Support	speak in favour of
Support	Take a secondary part to
Support	; perform a secondary act to
Support	at a pop concert etc.
Support	supporting or being supported.
Support	person or thing that supports.
Support	secondary act at a pop concert etc.
Supporter	Person or thing that supports a cause, team, etc.
Supporting film	Less important film in a cinema programme.
Supportive	Providing
Supportive	support or encouragement.
Supportive	Supportiveness
Suppose	assume; be inclined to think.
Suppose	take as a possibility or hypothesis
Suppose	As a formula of proposal
Suppose	Require as a condition
Suppose	in the circumstances that; if
Suppose	(as supposed
Suppose	) Presumed
Suppose	be expected or required
Suppose	Ought not; not be allowed to
Supposedly	Allegedly; as is generally believed.
Supposition	thing supposed.
Supposition	act of supposing.
Suppositious	Hypothetical.
Suppository	medical preparation melting in the rectum or vagina.
Suppress	put an end to, esp. Forcibly.
Suppress	prevent
Suppress	From being seen, heard, or known.
Suppress	a partly or wholly eliminate
Suppress	equip
Suppress	to reduce the interference caused by it.
Suppress	Suppression
Suppress	Suppressor
Suppurate	form pus.
Suppurate	fester.
Supra	Above or earlier
Supra- 	above.
Supranational	Transcending national limits.
Supremacy	being supreme.
Supremacy	highest authority.
Supreme	highest in authority or rank.
Supreme	greatest; most important.
Supreme	Involving death.
Supreme court	Highest judicial court in a state etc.
Supremo	person in overall charge.
Sur-2 	assim. Form of *sub- before r.
Surcharge	Additional charge or payment.
Surcharge	exact a surcharge from.
Sure	convinced.
Sure	having adequate reason for a belief or assertion.
Sure	confident in anticipation or knowledge of.
Sure	reliable or unfailing.
Sure	Certain.
Sure	undoubtedly true or truthful.
Sure	Certainly.
Sure	Certainly. Make sure make or become certain; ensure. Sure enough
Sure	In fact; certainly. To be sure admittedly; indeed, certainly.
Sure-fire	Certain to succeed.
Sure-footed	Never stumbling or making a mistake.
Surely	with certainty or safety
Surely	as an appeal to likelihood or reason
Surety	money given as a guarantee of performance etc.
Surety	person who takes responsibility for another's debt, obligation, etc.
Surf	Foam of the sea breaking on the shore or reefs.
Surf	Practise surfing.
Surface	a the outside of a thing.
Surface	area of this.
Surface	any of the limits of a solid.
Surface	top of a liquid or of the ground etc.
Surface	outward or superficial aspect.
Surface	geom. Set of points with length and breadth but no thickness.
Surface	of or on the surface.
Surface	superficial.
Surface	give the required surface to
Surface	rise or bring to the surface.
Surface	become visible or known.
Surface	Wake up; get up.
Surface mail	Mail carried by land or sea.
Surface tension	Tension of the surface-film of a liquid, tending to minimize its surface area.
Surfboard	Long narrow board used in surfing.
Surfeit	an excess, esp. In eating or drinking.
Surfeit	resulting fullness.
Surfeit	overfeed.
Surfeit	be wearied through excess.
Surfing	Sport of riding the surf on a board.
Surge	sudden rush.
Surge	heavy forward or upward motion.
Surge	sudden increase in price, activity, etc.
Surge	sudden increase in voltage of an electric current.
Surge	swell of the sea.
Surge	move suddenly and powerfully forwards.
Surge	Increase suddenly.
Surge	Swell.
Surgeon	medical practitioner qualified in surgery.
Surgeon	naval or military medical officer.
Surgery	treatment of bodily injuries or disorders by incision or manipulation etc. As opposed to drugs.
Surgery	place where or time when a doctor, dentist, etc., treats patients, or an mp, lawyer, etc., gives advice.
Surgical	of or by surgeons or surgery.
Surgical	a used in surgery.
Surgical	worn to correct a deformity etc.
Surgical	swift and precise.
Surgical spirit	Methylated spirit used for cleansing etc.
Surly	bad-tempered; unfriendly.
Surmise	Conjecture.
Surmise	infer doubtfully; guess; suppose.
Surmount	overcome
Surmount	cap or crown.
Surname	Family name, usu. Inherited or acquired by marriage.
Surpass	be greater or better than, outdo.
Surpass	(as surpassing
Surpass	) Pre-eminent.
Surplice	Loose white vestment worn by clergy and choristers.
Surplus	amount left over.
Surplus	excess of revenue over expenditure.
Surplus	Exceeding what is needed or used.
Surprise	unexpected or astonishing thing.
Surprise	emotion caused by this.
Surprise	catching or being caught unawares.
Surprise	Unexpected; made or done etc. Without warning.
Surprise	affect with surprise; turn out contrary to the expectations of.
Surprise	shock, scandalize.
Surprise	capture or attack by surprise.
Surprise	come upon
Surprise	unawares.
Surprise	startle
Surprise	into an action etc.
Surprise	Surprisingly
Surreal	Unreal; dreamlike; bizarre.
Surrealism	0th-c. Movement in art and literature, attempting to express the subconscious mind by dream imagery, bizarre juxtapositions, etc.
Surrealism	Surrealistic
Surrealism	Surrealistically
Surrender	hand over; relinquish.
Surrender	submit, esp. To an enemy.
Surrender	refl.
Surrender	yield to a habit, emotion, influence, etc.
Surrender	give up rights under
Surrender	in return for a smaller sum received immediately.
Surrender	abandon
Surrender	Act of surrendering.
Surreptitious	Done by stealth; clandestine.
Surrogate	substitute.
Surrogate	deputy, esp. Of a bishop in granting marriage licences.
Surrogate mother	Woman who bears a child on behalf of another woman, usu. By artificial insemination of her own egg by the other woman's partner.
Surround	Come or be all round; encircle, enclose.
Surround	border or edging, esp. An area of floor between the walls and carpet of a room.
Surround	surrounding area or substance.
Surroundings	pl. Objects or conditions around or affecting a person or thing; environment.
Surtax	Additional tax, esp. On high incomes.
Surtitle	Explanatory caption projected on to a screen above the stage during an opera.
Surveillance	Close observation undertaken by the police etc.
Survey	view or consider as a whole.
Survey	examine the condition of
Survey	determine the boundaries, extent, ownership, etc. Of
Survey	general view or consideration.
Survey	a act of surveying property.
Survey	statement etc. Resulting from this.
Survey	investigation of public opinion etc.
Survey	map or plan made by surveying.
Surveyor	Person who surveys land and buildings, esp. For a living.
Survival	surviving.
Survival	relic.
Survive	continue to live or exist.
Survive	live or exist longer than.
Survive	remain alive after or continue to exist in spite of
Sus- 	assim. Form of *sub- before c, p, t.
Susceptibility	being susceptible.
Susceptibility	(in
Susceptibility	) Person's feelings.
Susceptible	impressionable, sensitive, emotional.
Susceptible	liable or vulnerable to.
Susceptible	allowing; admitting of
Sushi	Japanese dish of balls of cold rice topped with raw fish etc.
Suspect	be inclined to think.
Suspect	have an impression of the existence or presence of.
Suspect	mentally accuse.
Suspect	doubt the genuineness or truth of.
Suspect	Suspected person.
Suspect	Subject to or deserving suspicion.
Suspend	hang up.
Suspend	keep inoperative or undecided for a time.
Suspend	debar temporarily from a function, office, etc.
Suspend	(as suspended
Suspend	floating between the top and bottom.
Suspended animation	Temporary deathlike condition.
Suspended sentence	Judicial sentence left unenforced subject to good behaviour during a specified period.
Suspender	attachment to hold up a stocking or sock by its top.
Suspender	(in
Suspender	) Us braces.
Suspender belt	Woman's undergarment with suspenders.
Suspense	State of anxious uncertainty or expectation.
Suspension	suspending or being suspended.
Suspension	springs etc. Supporting a vehicle on its axles.
Suspension	substance consisting of particles suspended in a medium.
Suspension bridge	Bridge with a roadway suspended from cables supported by towers.
Suspicion	unconfirmed belief; distrust.
Suspicion	suspecting or being suspected.
Suspicion	slight trace of.
Suspicious	prone to or feeling suspicion.
Suspicious	causing suspicion.
Suss	investigate, inspect.
Suss	work out; realize.
Sustain	support, bear the weight of, esp. For a long period.
Sustain	encourage, support.
Sustain	nourish.
Sustain	endure, stand.
Sustain	suffer
Sustain	Uphold or decide in favour of
Sustain	corroborate
Sustain	maintain
Sustenance	nourishment, food.
Sustenance	means of support.
Suttee	Esp. Hist.
Suttee	hindu custom of a widow's suicide on her husband's funeral pyre.
Suttee	widow undergoing this.
Suture	stitching of the edges of a wound or incision.
Suture	thread or wire used for this.
Suture	stitch
Suzerain	hist. Feudal overlord.
Suzerain	sovereign or state partially controlling another state that is internally autonomous.
Svelte	Slender, lissom, graceful.
Sw	south-west.
Sw	south-western.
Swab	a absorbent pad used in surgery.
Swab	specimen of a secretion taken for examination.
Swab	mop etc. For cleaning or mopping up.
Swab	clean with a swab.
Swab	absorb
Swab	with a swab.
Swab	mop clean
Swaddle	wrap (esp.
Swaddle	baby) tightly.
Swaddling-clothes	pl. Narrow bandages formerly used to wrap and restrain a baby.
Swag	booty of burglars etc.
Swag	austral.
Swag	nz traveller's bundle.
Swag	festoon of flowers, foliage, drapery, etc.
Swagger	Walk or behave arrogantly.
Swagger	Swaggering gait or manner.
Swagger stick	Short cane carried by a military officer.
Swahili	member of a bantu people of zanzibar and adjacent coasts.
Swahili	their language.
Swain	country youth.
Swain	poet. Young lover or suitor.
Swallow1	cause or allow
Swallow1	To pass down the throat.
Swallow1	perform the muscular movement required to do this.
Swallow1	accept meekly or credulously.
Swallow1	repress
Swallow1	articulate
Swallow1	Indistinctly.
Swallow1	engulf or absorb; exhaust.
Swallow1	act of swallowing.
Swallow1	amount swallowed.
Swallow2	Migratory swift-flying bird with a forked tail.
Swallow-dive	Dive with the arms outspread until close to the water.
Swallow-tail	deeply forked tail.
Swallow-tail	butterfly etc. With this.
Swami	hindu male religious teacher.
Swamp	waterlogged ground.
Swamp	overwhelm, flood, or soak with water.
Swamp	overwhelm or make invisible etc. With an excess or large amount of something.
Swan	Large usu. White water-bird with a long flexible neck.
Swan	Move or go aimlessly, casually, or with a superior air.
Swank	Ostentation, swagger.
Swank	Show off.
Swansong	Person's last work or act before death or retirement etc.
Swap	exchange or barter.
Swap	act of swapping.
Swap	thing for swapping or swapped.
Swapo	south west africa people's organization.
Sward	Literary expanse of turf.
Swarf	Fine chips or filings of stone, metal, etc.
Swarm1	cluster of bees leaving the hive with the queen to establish a new colony.
Swarm1	large cluster of insects, birds, or people.
Swarm1	(in
Swarm1	; foll. By of) great numbers.
Swarm1	move in or form a swarm.
Swarm1	be overrun, crowded, or infested with.
Swarm2	climb
Swarm2	By clinging with the hands and knees etc.
Swarthy	dark, dark-complexioned.
Swashbuckler	Swaggering adventurer.
Swastika	ancient symbol formed by an equal-armed cross with each arm continued at a right angle.
Swastika	this with clockwise continuations as the symbol of nazi germany.
Swat	crush
Swat	With a sharp blow.
Swat	hit hard and abruptly.
Swat	Swatting blow.
Swatch	sample, esp. Of cloth.
Swatch	collection of samples.
Swath	ridge of cut grass or corn etc.
Swath	space left clear by a mower etc.
Swath	broad strip.
Swathe	bind or wrap in bandages or garments etc.
Swathe	Bandage or wrapping.
Sway	lean or move unsteadily from side to side.
Sway	oscillate; waver.
Sway	a control the motion or direction of.
Sway	influence; rule over.
Sway	rule, influence, or government
Sway	swaying motion.
Swear	(past swore;
Swear	Sworn)
Swear	state or promise solemnly or on oath.
Swear	take
Swear	Insist
Swear	use profane or obscene language.
Swear	a appeal to as a witness in taking an oath
Swear	Have great confidence in
Swear	Say certainly
Swear	Spell of swearing.
Swear	Affirm emphatically. Swear in induct into office etc. With an oath. Swear off
Swear	Promise to abstain from
Swear-word	Profane or indecent word.
Sweat	moisture exuded through the pores, esp. From heat or nervousness.
Sweat	state or period of sweating.
Sweat	State of anxiety
Sweat	drudgery, effort.
Sweat	laborious task.
Sweat-band	Band fitted inside a hat or worn round a wrist etc. To absorb sweat.
Sweater	Jersey or pullover.
Sweatshirt	Sleeved cotton sweater.
Sweatshop	Factory where sweated labour is used.
Swede	a native or national of sweden.
Swede	person of swedish descent.
Swede	large yellow-fleshed turnip orig. From sweden.
Swedish	Of sweden, its people, or language.
Swedish	Language of sweden.
Sweep	(past and
Sweep	Swept)
Sweep	clean or clear
Sweep	with a broom.
Sweep	clean a room etc. In this way.
Sweep	collect or remove
Sweep	By sweeping.
Sweep	push
Sweep	with a broom.
Sweep	dismiss abruptly.
Sweep	Carry or drive along with force.
Sweep	Remove or clear forcefully.
Sweep	traverse swiftly or lightly.
Sweep	impart a sweeping motion to.
Sweep	swiftly cover or affect.
Sweep	0 a glide swiftly; speed along.
Sweep	go majestically.
Sweep	Be rolling or spacious.
Sweep	act or motion of sweeping.
Sweep	curve in the road, sweeping line of a hill, etc.
Sweep	range or scope.
Sweep	sortie by aircraft.
Sweep	completely abolish or expel.
Sweep	win all the prizes etc. In
Sweep	. Sweep away abolish swiftly. Sweep the board
Sweep	win all the money at stake.
Sweep	win all possible prizes etc. Sweep under the carpet see *carpet.
Sweeper	person who cleans by sweeping.
Sweeper	manual device for sweeping carpets etc.
Sweeper	football defensive player positioned close to the goalkeeper.
Sweeping	wide in range or effect
Sweeping	generalized, arbitrary
Sweeping	(in
Sweeping	) Dirt etc. Collected by sweeping.
Sweepstake	form of gambling in which all stakes are pooled and paid to the winners.
Sweepstake	race with betting of this kind.
Sweepstake	prize
Sweepstake	won in a sweepstake.
Sweet	tasting of sugar.
Sweet	smelling pleasant like roses or perfume etc.; fragrant.
Sweet	Melodious or harmonious.
Sweet	fresh; not salt, sour, or bitter.
Sweet	gratifying or attractive.
Sweet	amiable, pleasant.
Sweet	Pretty, charming.
Sweet	Fond of; in love with.
Sweet	small shaped piece of sweet substance, usu. Made with sugar or chocolate.
Sweet	sweet dish or course of a meal.
Sweet	Sweetly
Sweet-and-sour	Cooked in a sauce containing sugar and vinegar or lemon etc.
Sweetbread	Pancreas or thymus of an animal, esp. As food.
Sweet-brier	Wild rose with small fragrant leaves.
Sweetcorn	Sweet-flavoured maize kernels.
Sweeten	make or become sweet or sweeter.
Sweeten	make agreeable or less painful.
Sweetener	substance used to sweeten food or drink.
Sweetener	Bribe or inducement.
Sweetheart	lover or darling.
Sweetheart	term of endearment.
Sweetie	sweetheart.
Sweetmeal	Sweetened wholemeal.
Sweetmeat	small fancy cake.
Sweetness	Being sweet; fragrance.
Sweet pea	Climbing plant with fragrant flowers.
Sweet pepper	Mild pepper.
Sweet potato	tropical climbing plant with sweet tuberous roots used for food.
Sweet potato	root of this.
Sweetshop	Confectioner's shop.
Sweet talk	Flattery, blandishment.
Sweet talk	flatter in order to persuade.
Sweet tooth	Liking for sweet-tasting things.
Sweet william	Cultivated plant with clusters of vivid fragrant flowers.
Swell	grow bigger, louder, or more intense.
Swell	rise or raise up from the surrounding surface.
Swell	bulge.
Swell	Feel full of joy, pride, relief, etc.
Swell	be hardly able to restrain
Swell	act or state of swelling.
Swell	heaving of the sea with unbreaking waves.
Swell	a crescendo.
Swell	mechanism in an organ etc. For producing a crescendo or diminuendo.
Swell	Dandy.
Swell	protuberance.
Swell	esp. Us fine, excellent.
Swell	smart, fashionable.
Swelling	Abnormal bodily protuberance.
Swelter	Be uncomfortably hot.
Swelter	Sweltering condition.
Swerve	change direction, esp. Abruptly.
Swerve	Swerving movement.
Swift	quick, rapid.
Swift	prompt.
Swift	Swift-flying migratory bird with long wings.
Swift	Swiftness
Swig	Drink in large draughts.
Swig	Swallow of drink, esp. Large.
Swill	rinse or flush.
Swill	drink greedily.
Swill	act of rinsing.
Swill	mainly liquid refuse as pig-food.
Swim	(-mm-; past swam;
Swim	Swum)
Swim	propel the body through water with limbs, fins, or tail.
Swim	traverse
Swim	by swimming.
Swim	perform
Swim	by swimming.
Swim	float on a liquid.
Swim	appear to undulate, reel, or whirl.
Swim	feel dizzy
Swim	be flooded.
Swim	Period or act of swimming.
Swim	Involved in or aware of what is going on.
Swimming-bath	artificial pool for swimming.
Swimmingly	Smoothly, without impediment.
Swimsuit	Swimming-costume, esp. One-piece for women and girls.
Swimwear	Clothing for swimming in.
Swindle	cheat of money etc.
Swindle	cheat a person of
Swindle	act of swindling.
Swindle	fraudulent person or thing.
Swine	formal or us pig.
Swine	a contemptible person.
Swine	unpleasant or difficult thing.
Swing	(past and
Swing	Swung)
Swing	move with a to-and-fro or curving motion, as of an object attached at one end and hanging free at the other; sway.
Swing	hang so as to be free to swing.
Swing	oscillate or revolve.
Swing	move by gripping something and leaping etc.
Swing	walk with a swing.
Swing	move to face the opposite direction.
Swing	change one's opinion or mood.
Swing	attempt to hit.
Swing	play
Swing	with a swing rhythm.
Swing	Be lively etc.
Swing	0 have a decisive influence on
Swing	Achieve, manage.
Swing	Be executed by hanging.
Swing	act, motion, or extent of swinging.
Swing	swinging or smooth gait, rhythm, or action.
Swing	a seat slung by ropes etc. For swinging on or in.
Swing	period of swinging on this.
Swing	a jazz or dance music with an easy flowing rhythm.
Swing	rhythmic feeling or drive of this.
Swing	discernible change, esp. In votes or points scored etc.
Swing-boat	Boat-shaped swing at fairs.
Sweet pepper	Mild pepper.
Sweet potato	tropical climbing plant with sweet tuberous roots used for food.
Sweet potato	root of this.
Sweetshop	Confectioner's shop.
Sweet talk	Flattery, blandishment.
Sweet talk	flatter in order to persuade.
Sweet tooth	Liking for sweet-tasting things.
Sweet william	Cultivated plant with clusters of vivid fragrant flowers.
Swell	grow bigger, louder, or more intense.
Swell	rise or raise up from the surrounding surface.
Swell	bulge.
Swell	Feel full of joy, pride, relief, etc.
Swell	be hardly able to restrain
Swell	act or state of swelling.
Swell	heaving of the sea with unbreaking waves.
Swell	a crescendo.
Swell	mechanism in an organ etc. For producing a crescendo or diminuendo.
Swell	Dandy.
Swell	protuberance.
Swell	esp. Us fine, excellent.
Swell	smart, fashionable.
Swelling	Abnormal bodily protuberance.
Swelter	Be uncomfortably hot.
Swelter	Sweltering condition.
Swerve	change direction, esp. Abruptly.
Swerve	Swerving movement.
Swift	quick, rapid.
Swift	prompt.
Swift	Swift-flying migratory bird with long wings.
Swift	Swiftness
Swig	Drink in large draughts.
Swig	Swallow of drink, esp. Large.
Swill	rinse or flush.
Swill	drink greedily.
Swill	act of rinsing.
Swill	mainly liquid refuse as pig-food.
Swim	(-mm-; past swam;
Swim	Swum)
Swim	propel the body through water with limbs, fins, or tail.
Swim	traverse
Swim	by swimming.
Swim	perform
Swim	by swimming.
Swim	float on a liquid.
Swim	appear to undulate, reel, or whirl.
Swim	feel dizzy
Swim	be flooded.
Swim	Period or act of swimming.
Swim	Involved in or aware of what is going on.
Swimming-bath	artificial pool for swimming.
Swimmingly	Smoothly, without impediment.
Swimsuit	Swimming-costume, esp. One-piece for women and girls.
Swimwear	Clothing for swimming in.
Swindle	cheat of money etc.
Swindle	cheat a person of
Swindle	act of swindling.
Swindle	fraudulent person or thing.
Swine	formal or us pig.
Swine	a contemptible person.
Swine	unpleasant or difficult thing.
Swing	(past and
Swing	Swung)
Swing	move with a to-and-fro or curving motion, as of an object attached at one end and hanging free at the other; sway.
Swing	hang so as to be free to swing.
Swing	oscillate or revolve.
Swing	move by gripping something and leaping etc.
Swing	walk with a swing.
Swing	move to face the opposite direction.
Swing	change one's opinion or mood.
Swing	attempt to hit.
Swing	play
Swing	with a swing rhythm.
Swing	Be lively etc.
Swing	0 have a decisive influence on
Swing	Achieve, manage.
Swing	Be executed by hanging.
Swing	act, motion, or extent of swinging.
Swing	swinging or smooth gait, rhythm, or action.
Swing	a seat slung by ropes etc. For swinging on or in.
Swing	period of swinging on this.
Swing	a jazz or dance music with an easy flowing rhythm.
Swing	rhythmic feeling or drive of this.
Swing	discernible change, esp. In votes or points scored etc.
Swing-boat	Boat-shaped swing at fairs.
Swing-bridge	Bridge that can be swung aside to let ships pass.
Swing-door	Self-closing door opening both ways.
Swingeing	forcible.
Swingeing	huge or far-reaching
Swing-wing	Aircraft wing that can move from a right-angled to a swept-back position.
Swipe	hit hard and recklessly.
Swipe	steal.
Swipe	Reckless hard hit or attempted hit.
Swirl	Move, flow, or carry along with a whirling motion.
Swirl	swirling motion.
Swirl	twist or curl.
Swish	swing
Swish	audibly through the air, grass, etc.
Swish	move with or make a swishing sound.
Swish	Swishing action or sound.
Swish	Smart, fashionable.
Swiss	Of switzerland or its people.
Swiss	native or national of switzerland.
Swiss	person of swiss descent.
Swiss roll	Cylindrical sponge cake with a jam etc. Filling.
Switch	device for completing and breaking an electric circuit.
Switch	a transfer, change-over, or deviation.
Switch	exchange.
Switch	flexible shoot cut from a tree.
Switch	light tapering rod.
Switch	us railway points.
Switch	turn
Switch	on or off.
Switch	change or transfer.
Switch	exchange.
Switch	whip or flick with a switch.
Switch	Cease to pay attention.
Switchback	ride at a fair etc., with extremely steep ascents and descents.
Switchback	(often
Switchback	) Such a railway or road.
Switchboard	Apparatus for making connections between electric circuits, esp. In telephony.
Switched-on	up to date; aware of what is going on.
Switched-on	excited; under the influence of drugs.
Swivel	Coupling between two parts enabling one to revolve without turning the other.
Swivel	turn on or as on a swivel.
Swivel chair	Chair with a revolving seat.
Swizz	something unfair or disappointing.
Swizz	swindle.
Swizzle	Frothy mixed alcoholic drink esp. Of rum or gin and bitters.
Swizzle-stick	Stick used for frothing or flattening drinks.
Swollen	Of *swell.
Swoon	Literary faint.
Swoop	descend rapidly like a bird of prey.
Swoop	make a sudden attack.
Swoop	Swooping movement or action.
Sword	weapon with a long blade and hilt with a handguard.
Sword	a war.
Sword	military power.
Sword dance	Dance with the brandishing of swords or with swords laid on the ground.
Swordfish	large marine fish with swordlike upper jaw.
Sword of damocles	An immediate danger.
Swordplay	fencing.
Swordplay	repartee; lively argument.
Swordsman	Person of
Swordsman	skill with a sword.
Swordstick	Hollow walking-stick containing a blade that can be used as a sword.
Sworn	Of *swear.
Sworn	Bound
Sworn	by an oath
Swot	study hard.
Swot	study
Swot	hard or hurriedly.
Swot	Usu. Derog. Person who swots.
Swum	Of *swim.
Sybarite	Self-indulgent or voluptuous person.
Sycamore	large maple or its wood.
Sycamore	us plane-tree or its wood.
Sycophant	Flatterer; toady.
Sycophant	Sycophantic
Syl- 	assim. Form of *syn- before l.
Syllabary	list of characters representing syllables.
Syllabic	Of or in syllables.
Syllable	unit of pronunciation forming the whole or part of a word and usu. Having one vowel sound often with consonant
Syllable	before or after
Syllable	character
Syllable	representing a syllable.
Syllable	the least amount of speech or writing.
Syllabub	dessert of flavoured, sweetened, and whipped cream or milk.
Syllabus	programme or outline of a course of study, teaching, etc.
Syllepsis	figure of speech in which a word is applied to two others in different senses
Syllepsis	or to two others of which it grammatically suits one only
Syllogism	Reasoning in which a conclusion is drawn from two given or assumed propositions.
Sylph	elemental spirit of the air.
Sylph	slender graceful woman or girl.
Sylvan	a of the woods.
Sylvan	having woods.
Sylvan	rural.
Sym- 	assim. Form of *syn- before b, m, p.
Symbiosis	interaction between two different organisms living in close physical association, usu. To the advantage of both.
Symbiosis	mutually advantageous association between persons.
Symbol	thing regarded as typifying or representing something
Symbol	mark, sign, etc. Representing an object, idea, function, or process; logo.
Symbol	Symbolically
Symbolism	a use of symbols.
Symbolism	symbols collectively.
Symbolism	artistic and poetic movement or style using symbols to express ideas, emotions, etc.
Symbolize	be a symbol of.
Symbolize	represent by symbols.
Symmetry	a correct proportion of parts.
Symmetry	beauty resulting from this.
Symmetry	a structure allowing an object to be divided into parts of an equal shape and size.
Symmetry	possession of such a structure.
Symmetry	repetition of exactly similar parts facing each other or a centre.
Symmetry	Symmetrically
Sympathetic	of or expressing sympathy.
Sympathetic	pleasant, likeable.
Sympathetic	favouring
Sympathize	feel or express sympathy.
Sympathize	agree.
Sympathy	a sharing of another's feelings.
Sympathy	capacity for this.
Sympathy	sharing or tendency to share
Sympathy	In an emotion, sensation, or condition.
Sympathy	(in sing. Or
Sympathy	) Compassion or commiseration; condolences.
Sympathy	approval.
Sympathy	(in sing. Or
Sympathy	; often foll. By with) agreement
Sympathy	In opinion or desire.
Symphony	large-scale composition for full orchestra in several movements.
Symphony	instrumental interlude in a large-scale vocal work.
Symphony orchestra	Large orchestra suitable for playing symphonies etc.
Symposium	conference, or collection of essays, on a particular subject.
Symposium	philosophical or other friendly discussion.
Symptom	physical or mental sign of disease.
Symptom	sign of the existence of something.
Syn- 	with, together, alike.
Syn- 	with, together, alike.
Synagogue	building for jewish religious observance and instruction.
Synagogue	jewish congregation.
Synapse	Anat. Junction of two nerve-cells.
Sync	Synchronization.
Sync	Synchronize.
Synchromesh	(often
Synchromesh	) System of gear-changing, esp. In vehicles, in which the gearwheels revolve at the same speed during engagement.
Synchronic	Concerned with a subject as it exists at one point in time.
Synchronism	being or treating as synchronic or synchronous.
Synchronism	process of synchronizing sound and picture.
Synchronize	make or be synchronous
Synchronize	make the sound and picture of
Synchronize	Coincide.
Synchronize	cause
Synchronize	To show the same time.
Synchronous	existing or occurring at the same time.
Syncopate	displace the beats or accents in
Syncopate	shorten
Syncopate	by dropping interior letters.
Syncope	Syncopation.
Syncope	fainting through a fall in blood pressure.
Syncretize	attempt, esp. Inconsistently, to unify or reconcile differing schools of thought.
Syncretize	Syncretism
Syndic	Any of various university or government officials.
Syndicalism	Hist. Movement for transferring industrial ownership and control to workers' unions.
Syndicate	combination of individuals or businesses to promote a common interest.
Syndicate	agency supplying material simultaneously to a number of newspapers etc.
Syndicate	group of people who gamble, organize crime, etc.
Syndicate	committee of syndics.
Syndicate	form into a syndicate.
Syndicate	publish
Syndicate	through a syndicate.
Syndrome	group of concurrent symptoms of a disease.
Syndrome	characteristic combination of opinions, emotions, behaviour, etc.
Synecdoche	Figure of speech in which a part is made to represent the whole or vice versa
Synod	Church council of delegated clergy and sometimes laity.
Synonym	Word or phrase that means the same as another
Synonymous	having the same meaning.
Synonymous	suggestive of; associated with
Synopsis	summary or outline.
Synoptic	Of or giving a synopsis.
Synoptic gospels	pl. Gospels of matthew, mark, and luke.
Synovia	Physiol. Viscous fluid lubricating joints etc.
Syntax	grammatical arrangement of words.
Syntax	rules or analysis of this.
Syntax	Syntactically
Synthesis	a combining of elements into a whole.
Synthesis	result of this.
Synthesis	chem. Artificial production of compounds from their constituents as distinct from extraction from plants etc.
Synthesize	make a synthesis of.
Synthesizer	Electronic, usu. Keyboard, instrument producing a wide variety of sounds.
Synthetic	made by chemical synthesis, esp. To imitate a natural product.
Synthetic	affected, insincere.
Synthetic	Synthetic substance.
Syphilis	Contagious venereal disease.
Syriac	Language of ancient syria, western aramaic.
Syriac	Of or in syriac.
Syrian	native or national of syria.
Syrian	person of syrian descent.
Syrian	Of syria.
Syringa	lilac or similar related plant.
Syringe	Device for sucking in and ejecting liquid in a fine stream.
Syringe	sluice or spray with a syringe.
Syrup	a sweet sauce of sugar dissolved in boiling water.
Syrup	similar fluid as a drink, medicine, etc.
Syrup	condensed sugar-cane juice; molasses, treacle.
Syrup	excessive sweetness of manner or style.
System	complex whole; set of connected things or parts; organized body of things.
System	a set of organs in the body with a common structure or function.
System	human or animal body as a whole.
System	method; scheme of action, procedure, or classification.
System	orderliness.
System	prevailing political or social order, esp. Regarded as oppressive.
System	Get rid of a preoccupation or anxiety.
Systematic	methodical; according to a system.
Systematic	regular, deliberate.
Systematize	make systematic.
Systemic	physiol. Of the whole body.
Systemic	Entering the plant via the roots or shoots and freely transported within its tissues.
Systems analysis	Analysis of a complex process etc. In order to improve its efficiency esp. By using a computer.
T1	twentieth letter of the alphabet.
T1	t-shaped thing (esp.
T1	: t-joint).
T2	Tritium.
T.	ton
T.	tonne
Ta	Territorial army.
Ta	Tantalum.
Ta	Thank you.
Tab1	small flap or strip of material attached for grasping, fastening, or hanging up, or for identification.
Tab1	Bill
Tab1	distinguishing mark on a staff officer's collar.
Tab1	provide with a tab or tabs.
Tab1	keep account of.
Tab1	have under observation or in check.
Tabard	herald's official coat emblazoned with royal arms.
Tabard	woman's or girl's sleeveless jerkin.
Tabard	hist. Knight's short emblazoned garment worn over armour.
Tabasco	pungent pepper.
Tabasco	propr. Sauce made from this.
Tabby	grey or brownish cat with dark stripes.
Tabby	a kind of watered silk.
Tabernacle	hist. Tent used as a sanctuary by the israelites during the exodus.
Tabernacle	niche or receptacle, esp. For the eucharistic elements.
Tabernacle	nonconformist meeting-house.
Tabla	Pair of small drums played with the hands, esp. In indian music.
Table	flat surface on a leg or legs, used for eating, working at, etc.
Table	a food provided in a household
Table	group seated for dinner etc.
Table	a set of facts or figures in columns etc.
Table	matter contained in this.
Table	bring forward for discussion etc. At a meeting.
Table	esp. Us postpone consideration of
Table	very drunk.
Tableau	picturesque presentation.
Tableau	group of silent motionless people representing a scene on stage.
Tablecloth	Cloth spread over a table, esp. For meals.
Table d'hôte	(often
Table d'hôte	) Meal from a set menu at a fixed price.
Tableland	Elevated plateau.
Table licence	Licence to serve alcoholic drinks with meals only.
Table linen	Tablecloths, napkins, etc.
Tablespoon	large spoon for serving food.
Tablespoon	amount held by this.
Tablet	small solid dose of a medicine etc.
Tablet	bar of soap etc.
Tablet	flat slab of esp. Stone, usu. Inscribed.
Tablet	us writing-pad.
Table talk	Informal talk at table.
Table tennis	Indoor ball game played with small bats on a table divided by a net.
Tabletop	Surface of a table.
Tableware	Dishes, plates, etc., for meals.
Table wine	Wine of ordinary quality.
Tabloid	Small-sized, often popular or sensational, newspaper.
Taboo	ritual isolation of a person or thing as sacred or accursed.
Taboo	prohibition imposed by social custom.
Taboo	Avoided or prohibited, esp. By social custom
Taboo	put under taboo.
Taboo	exclude or prohibit, esp. Socially.
Tabor	Hist. Small drum, esp. Used to accompany a pipe.
Tabular	Of or arranged in tables or lists.
Tabulate	arrange
Tabulate	in tabular form.
Tabulator	person or thing that tabulates.
Tabulator	device on a typewriter etc. For advancing to a sequence of set positions in tabular work.
Tachograph	Device in a vehicle recording speed and travel time.
Tachometer	Instrument measuring velocity or rate of rotation of a shaft
Tacit	Understood or implied without being stated
Taciturn	Saying little; uncommunicative.
Tack1	small sharp broad-headed nail.
Tack1	us drawing-pin.
Tack1	long stitch for joining fabrics etc. Lightly or temporarily together.
Tack1	direction, or temporary change of direction, esp. Taking advantage of a side wind
Tack1	course of action or policy
Tack1	sticky condition of varnish etc.
Tack1	Fasten with tacks.
Tack1	stitch lightly together.
Tack1	add or append.
Tack1	a change a ship's course by turning its head to the wind.
Tack1	make a series of such tacks.
Tack2	Saddle, bridle, etc., of a horse.
Tack3	Cheap or shoddy material; tat, kitsch.
Tackle	equipment for a task or sport.
Tackle	mechanism, esp. Of ropes, pulley-blocks, hooks, etc., for lifting weights, managing sails, etc.
Tackle	windlass with its ropes and hooks.
Tackle	act of tackling in football etc.
Tackle	try to deal with
Tackle	grapple with
Tackle	confront
Tackle	in discussion or argument.
Tackle	intercept or stop
Tackle-block	Pulley over which a rope runs.
Tacky1	slightly sticky.
Tacky2	in poor taste, cheap.
Tacky2	tatty, shabby.
Taco	mexican dish of meat etc. In a folded tortilla.
Tact	skill in dealing with others, esp. In delicate situations.
Tact	intuitive perception of the right thing to do or say.
Tactful	Having or showing tact.
Tactic	tactical manoeuvre.
Tactical	of tactics
Tactical	Done in direct support of military or naval operations.
Tactical	adroitly planning or adroitly planned.
Tactics	Disposition of armed forces, esp. In warfare.
Tactics	short-term procedure adopted in carrying out a scheme or achieving an end.
Tactile	of the sense of touch.
Tactile	perceived by touch; tangible.
Tactless	Having or showing no tact.
Tadpole	Larva, esp. Of a frog, toad, or newt.
Taffeta	Fine lustrous silk or silklike fabric.
Taffrail	Rail round a ship's stern.
Taffy	Often offens. Welshman.
Tag1	label, esp. On an object to show its address, price, etc.
Tag1	metal etc. Point on a shoelace etc.
Tag1	loop or flap for handling or hanging a thing.
Tag1	loose or ragged end.
Tag1	trite quotation or stock phrase.
Tag1	provide with a tag or tags.
Tag1	join or attach.
Tag2	Children's chasing game.
Tag2	touch in a game of tag.
Tag end	Esp. Us last remnant.
Tagliatelle	Narrow ribbon-shaped pasta.
T'ai chi	chinese martial art and system of callisthenics with slow controlled movements.
Tail1	hindmost part of an animal, esp. Extending beyond the body.
Tail1	a thing like a tail, esp. An extension at the rear.
Tail1	rear of a procession etc.
Tail1	rear part of an aeroplane, vehicle, or rocket.
Tail1	luminous trail following a comet.
Tail1	inferior, weaker, or last part of anything.
Tail1	part of a shirt or coat below the waist at the back.
Tail1	(in
Tail1	tailcoat.
Tail1	evening dress including this.
Tail1	(in
Tail1	) Reverse of a coin as a choice when tossing.
Tail1	Person following another.
Tail1	remove the stalks of
Tail1	Follow closely.
Tailback	Long line of traffic caused by an obstruction.
Tailboard	Hinged or removable flap at the rear of a lorry etc.
Tailcoat	Man's coat with a long divided flap at the back, worn as part of formal dress.
Tail-end	Hindmost, lowest, or last part.
Tailgate	esp. Us
Tailgate	rear door of an estate car or hatchback.
Tail-light	us rear light on a vehicle etc.
Tailor	Maker of clothes, esp. Men's outer garments to measure.
Tailor	make
Tailor	as a tailor.
Tailor	make or adapt for a special purpose.
Tailor	work as or be a tailor.
Tailored	well or closely fitted.
Tailor-made	made to order by a tailor.
Tailor-made	made or suited for a particular purpose.
Tailpiece	rear appendage.
Tailpiece	final part of a thing.
Tailpiece	decoration in a blank space at the end of a chapter etc.
Tailpipe	Rear section of an exhaust-pipe.
Tailplane	Horizontal aerofoil at the tail of an aircraft.
Tailspin	spin by an aircraft with the tail spiralling.
Tailspin	state of chaos or panic.
Tail wind	Wind blowing in the direction of travel.
Taint	spot or trace of decay, infection, corruption, etc.
Taint	corrupt condition or infection.
Taint	affect with a taint; become tainted.
Taint	affect slightly.
Take	(-king; past took;
Take	Taken)
Take	lay hold of; get into one's hands.
Take	acquire, capture, earn, or win.
Take	get by purchase, hire, or formal agreement
Take	use.
Take	regularly buy
Take	obtain after qualifying
Take	occupy
Take	make use of
Take	consume
Take	0 a be effective
Take	Begin to grow.
Take	1 require or use up
Take	2 carry or accompany
Take	3 remove; steal
Take	4 catch or be infected with
Take	5 a experience, seek, or be affected by
Take	exert
Take	6 find out and note
Take	7 understand; assume
Take	8 treat, deal with, or regard in a specified way
Take	regard as being
Take	0 a accept, receive
Take	hold (takes
Take	pints).
Take	submit to; tolerate
Take	1 wear (takes size
Take	2 choose or assume
Take	3 derive
Take	subtract (take
Take	from
Take	5 perform or effect
Take	6 occupy or engage oneself in
Take	7 conduct
Take	8 teach, be taught, or be examined in
Take	9 a make
Take	photograph
Take	Use as an example
Take	Have or require as part of a construction
Take	2 have sexual intercourse with
Take	be attracted or charmed by.
Take	amount taken or caught at a time etc.
Take	scene or film sequence photographed continuously at one time.
Take	Have the necessary qualities etc. For success. Take account of see *account. Take advantage of see *advantage. Take after resemble
Take	. Take against begin to dislike. Take aim see *aim. Take apart
Take	dismantle.
Take	Beat or defeat.
Take	Criticize severely. Take away
Take	remove or carry elsewhere.
Take	subtract.
Take	buy
Take	For eating elsewhere. Take back
Take	retract
Take	convey to an original position.
Take	carry in thought to a past time.
Take	a return
Take	to a shop.
Take	accept such goods.
Take	accept
Take	back into one's affections, into employment, etc. Take the biscuit
Take	Be the most remarkable. Take down
Take	write down
Take	remove or dismantle.
Take	lower
Take	. Take effect see *effect. Take for granted see *grant. Take fright see *fright. Take heart be encouraged. Take in
Take	receive as a lodger etc.
Take	undertake
Take	at home.
Take	make
Take	Smaller.
Take	understand; observe
Take	cheat.
Take	include.
Take	Visit
Take	on the way to another
Take	absorb into the body. Take in hand
Take	undertake; start doing or dealing with.
Take	undertake to control or reform
Take	. Take into account see *account. Take it
Take	assume.
Take	Endure in a specified way
Take	. Take it easy see *easy. Take it into one's head see *head. Take it on one
Take	Venture or presume. Take it or leave it
Take	Accept it or not. Take it out of
Take	exhaust the strength of.
Take	have revenge on. Take it out on relieve one's frustration by treating aggressively.
Take-away	bought cooked for eating elsewhere.
Take-away	this food.
Take-away	establishment selling this.
Take-home pay	Employee's pay after the deduction of tax etc.
Take-off	act of becoming airborne.
Take-off	act of mimicking.
Take-over	Assumption of control
Take-over	; buying-out.
Taker	Person who takes a bet, accepts an offer, etc.
Take-up	Acceptance of a thing offered.
Taking	Attractive, captivating.
Taking	(in
Taking	) Amount of money taken at a show, in a shop, etc.
Talc	talcum powder.
Talc	magnesium silicate formed as soft flat plates, used as a lubricator etc.
Talcum	powdered talc for toilet use, usu. Perfumed.
Tale	narrative or story.
Tale	allegation, often malicious or in breach of confidence.
Talent	special aptitude or faculty
Talent	high mental ability.
Talent	a person or persons of talent. B
Talent	Attractive members of the opposite sex
Talent	ancient esp. Greek weight and unit of currency.
Talent-scout	person seeking new talent, esp. In sport or entertainment.
Talisman	ring, stone, etc. Thought to have magic powers, esp. To bring good luck.
Talk	converse or communicate verbally.
Talk	have the power of speech.
Talk	a discuss; express; utter
Talk	As an emphatic statement
Talk	use
Talk	in speech
Talk	address pompously.
Talk	bring into a specified condition etc. By talking
Talk	betray secrets.
Talk	gossip
Talk	have influence
Talk	conversation, talking.
Talk	particular mode of speech
Talk	informal address or lecture.
Talk	a rumour or gossip
Talk	its theme
Talk	empty promises; boasting.
Talk	(often in
Talk	) Discussions or negotiations.
Talk	I like what you say, suggest, etc. Talk back reply defiantly. Talk down to speak condescendingly to. Talk a person down
Talk	silence by loudness or persistence.
Talk	bring
Talk	to landing by radio. Talk of
Talk	discuss or mention.
Talk	express some intention of
Talk	. Talk out block
Talk	by prolonging discussion to the time of adjournment. Talk over discuss at length. Talk a person over
Talk	gain agreement by talking. Talk shop talk about one's occupation etc. Talk to rebuke, scold.
Talkative	Fond of or given to talking.
Talkback	(often
Talkback	) System of two-way communication by loudspeaker.
Talkie	film with a soundtrack.
Talking	that talks, or is able to talk
Talking	expressive
Talking	In senses of *talk
Talking book	Recorded reading of a book, esp. For the blind.
Talking-point	Topic for discussion.
Talking-shop	Derog. Arena or opportunity for empty talk.
Talking-to	Reproof, reprimand.
Tall	of more than average height.
Tall	of a specified height
Tall	higher than the surrounding objects
Tall	As if tall; proudly
Tall	Tallness
Tallboy	Tall chest of drawers.
Tall order	Unreasonable demand.
Tallow	Hard
Tallow	fat melted down to make candles, soap, etc.
Tall ship	Sailing-ship with a high mast.
Tall story	Extravagant story that is difficult to believe.
Tally	reckoning of a debt or score.
Tally	total score or amount.
Tally	mark registering the number of objects delivered or received.
Tally	hist.
Tally	piece of notched wood for keeping account.
Tally	account kept thus.
Tally	identification ticket or label.
Tally	corresponding thing, counterpart, or duplicate.
Tally	agree or correspond.
Tally-ho	Huntsman's cry on sighting a fox.
Tally-ho	cry of this.
Tally-ho	utter a cry of ‘tally-ho’.
Tally-ho	indicate
Tally-ho	or urge
Tally-ho	with this cry.
Talmud	Body of jewish civil and ceremonial law and legend.
Talmud	Talmudist
Talon	Claw, esp. Of a bird of prey.
Talus	ankle-bone supporting the tibia.
Tamarind	tropical evergreen tree.
Tamarind	fruit pulp from this used as food and in drinks.
Tamarisk	Seashore shrub usu. With small pink or white flowers.
Tambour	drum.
Tambour	circular frame holding fabric taut for embroidering.
Tambourine	Small shallow drum with jingling discs in its rim, shaken or banged as an accompaniment.
Tame	domesticated; not wild or shy.
Tame	insipid; dull
Tame	amenable.
Tame	make tame; domesticate.
Tame	subdue, curb.
Tame	Tamely
Tame	Tameness
Tame	Tamer
Tame	(also in
Tamil	member of a people of south india and sri lanka.
Tamil	language of this people.
Tamil	Of this people or language.
Tam-o'-shanter	Floppy round esp. Woollen beret, of scottish origin.
Tamp	Ram down hard or tightly.
Tamper	meddle with or change illicitly.
Tamper	exert a secret or corrupt influence upon; bribe.
Tampon	Plug of soft material used esp. To absorb menstrual blood.
Tam-tam	Large metal gong.
Tan1	yellowish-brown colour.
Tan1	bark, esp. Of oak, used to tan hides.
Tan1	Yellowish-brown.
Tan1	make or become brown by exposure to sunlight.
Tan1	convert
Tan1	into leather.
Tan1	beat, thrash.
Tan2	Tangent.
Tandem	bicycle with two or more seats one behind another.
Tandem	group of two people etc. With one behind or following the other.
Tandem	carriage driven tandem.
Tandem	With two or more horses harnessed one behind another
Tandem	one behind another.
Tandem	alongside each other; together.
Tandoor	Clay oven.
Tandoori	Food spiced and cooked over charcoal in a tandoor (often
Tandoori	: tandoori chicken).
Tang	strong taste or smell.
Tang	characteristic quality.
Tang	projection on the blade of esp.
Tang	knife, by which it is held firm in the handle.
Tangent	(often
Tangent	) Straight line, curve, or surface that meets a curve at a point, but does not intersect it.
Tangent	ratio of two sides
Tangent	opposite and adjacent to an acute angle in a right-angled triangle.
Tangential	of or along a tangent.
Tangential	divergent.
Tangential	peripheral.
Tangerine	small sweet thin-skinned citrus fruit like an orange; mandarin.
Tangerine	deep orange-yellow colour.
Tangible	perceptible by touch.
Tangible	definite; clearly intelligible; not elusive
Tangible	Tangibleness
Tangible	Tangibly
Tangle	intertwine
Tangle	Or become entwined in a confused mass; entangle.
Tangle	Become involved
Tangle	with
Tangle	complicate
Tangle	confused mass of intertwined threads etc.
Tangle	confused state.
Tangly	tangled.
Tango	slow s. American ballroom dance.
Tango	music for this.
Tango	dance the tango.
Tangy	having a strong usu. Acid tang.
Tanh	Hyperbolic tangent.
Tank	large container, usu. For liquid or gas.
Tank	heavy armoured fighting vehicle moving on continuous tracks.
Tank	fill the tank of
Tank	With fuel.
Tankard	tall beer mug with a handle.
Tankard	contents of or amount held by this
Tanked up	Drunk.
Tank engine	Steam engine with integral fuel and water containers.
Tanker	Ship, aircraft, or road vehicle for carrying liquids, esp. Oil, in bulk.
Tanner	Person who tans hides.
Tannery	place where hides are tanned.
Tannic	Of tan (sense
Tannic acid	Natural yellowish organic compound used as a mordant and astringent.
Tannin	Any of various organic compounds found in tree-barks and oak-galls, used in leather production.
Tannoy	Propr. Type of public-address system.
Tansy	plant with yellow flowers and aromatic leaves.
Tantalize	torment or tease by the sight or promise of the unobtainable.
Tantalize	raise and then dash the hopes of.
Tantalum	Rare hard white metallic element.
Tantalus	Stand in which spirit-decanters may be locked up but visible.
Tantamount	equivalent to.
Tantra	Any of a class of hindu or buddhist mystical or magical writings.
Tantrum	outburst of bad temper or petulance.
Taoiseach	Prime minister of the irish republic.
Taoism	Chinese philosophy advocating humility and religious piety.
Tap1	device by which a flow of liquid or gas from a pipe or vessel can be controlled.
Tap1	tapping of a telephone etc.
Tap1	taproom.
Tap1	provide
Tap1	or let out
Tap1	with a tap.
Tap1	draw sap from
Tap1	by cutting into it.
Tap1	obtain information or supplies from.
Tap1	extract or obtain; discover and exploit
Tap1	connect a listening device to
Tap1	ready to be drawn off by tap.
Tap1	Freely available.
Tap2	strike a gentle but audible blow.
Tap2	Strike or cause
Tap2	to strike lightly
Tap2	make by a tap or taps
Tap2	tap-dance.
Tap2	a light blow; rap.
Tap2	sound of this.
Tap2	a tap-dancing.
Tap2	metal attachment on a tap-dancer's shoe.
Tapas	pl. (often
Tapas	) Small savoury esp. Spanish dishes.
Tap-dance	Rhythmic dance performed with shoes with metal taps.
Tap-dance	Perform a tap-dance.
Tap-dance	Tap-dancing
Tape	narrow strip of woven material for tying up, fastening, etc.
Tape	this across the finishing line of a race.
Tape	strip of adhesive plastic etc. For fastening, masking, insulating, etc.
Tape	reel or cassette containing this.
Tape	tape recording.
Tape	a fasten or join etc. With tape.
Tape	apply tape to.
Tape	seal or mark off with tape.
Tape	record on magnetic tape.
Tape	measure with tape.
Tape	Understand
Tape	Fully.
Tape deck	Machine for using audiotape
Tape machine	machine for recording telegraph messages.
Tape-measure	Strip of marked tape or flexible metal for measuring.
Taper	wick coated with wax etc. For conveying a flame.
Taper	slender candle.
Taper	diminish or reduce in thickness towards one end.
Taper	make or become gradually less.
Tape recorder	Apparatus for recording and replaying sounds on magnetic tape.
Tape recorder	Tape recording
Tapestry	a thick fabric in which coloured weft threads are woven to form pictures or designs.
Tapestry	embroidery imitating this.
Tapestry	piece of this.
Tapestry	events or circumstances etc. Seen as interwoven etc.
Tapeworm	Parasitic intestinal flatworm with a segmented body.
Tapioca	Starchy substance in hard white grains, obtained from cassava and used for puddings etc.
Tapir	Nocturnal central and s. American or malaysian hoofed mammal with a short flexible snout.
Tappet	Lever or projecting part in machinery giving intermittent motion.
Taproom	Room in a pub serving drinks on tap.
Tap root	Tapering root growing vertically downwards.
Tar1	dark thick inflammable liquid distilled from wood or coal etc., used as a preservative of wood and iron, in making roads, as an antiseptic, etc.
Tar1	similar substance formed in the combustion of tobacco etc.
Tar1	cover with tar.
Tar2	Sailor.
Taramasalata	pâté made from roe with olive oil, seasoning, etc.
Tarantella	whirling s. Italian dance.
Tarantella	music for this.
Tarantula	large hairy tropical spider.
Tarantula	large black s. European spider.
Tarboosh	Cap like a fez.
Tardy	slow to act, come, or happen.
Tardy	delaying or delayed.
Tardy	Tardiness
Tare1	vetch, esp. As a cornfield weed or fodder.
Tare1	(in
Tare1	) Bibl. An injurious cornfield weed (matt.
Tare1	3:24-30).
Tare2	allowance made for the weight of packing or wrapping around goods.
Tare2	weight of a vehicle without fuel or load.
Target	mark fired or aimed at, esp.
Target	round object marked with concentric circles.
Target	person or thing aimed or fired at etc.
Target	objective or result aimed at.
Target	butt for criticism, abuse, etc.
Target	identify or single out as a target.
Target	aim or direct
Tariff	table of fixed charges
Tariff	a duty on a particular class of goods.
Tariff	list of duties or customs due.
Tarlatan	Thin stiff open-weave muslin.
Tarmac	Propr.
Tarmac	runway etc. Made of this.
Tarmac	apply tarmacadam to.
Tarmacadam	Stone or slag bound with bitumen, used in paving roads etc.
Tarn	Small mountain lake.
Tarnish	lose lustre.
Tarnish	impair
Tarnish	loss of lustre, esp. As a film on a metal's surface.
Tarnish	blemish, stain.
Taro	tropical plant with tuberous roots used as food.
Tarot	(often
Tarot	(in sing. Or
Tarot	pack of mainly picture cards used in fortune-telling.
Tarot	any game played with a similar pack of
Tarot	8 cards.
Tarot	any card from a tarot pack.
Tarpaulin	heavy-duty cloth waterproofed esp. With tar.
Tarpaulin	sheet or covering of this.
Tarragon	Bushy herb used in salads, stuffings, vinegar, etc.
Tarry1	of, like, or smeared with tar.
Tarry2	linger, stay, wait.
Tarsal	Of the ankle-bones.
Tarsal	Tarsal bone.
Tarsus	bones of the ankle and upper foot.
Tarsus	shank of a bird's leg.
Tart1	open pastry case containing jam etc.
Tart1	pie with a fruit or other sweet filling.
Tart2	prostitute; promiscuous woman.
Tart2	offens. Girl or woman.
Tart2	Smarten or dress up, esp. Gaudily.
Tart3	sharp or acid in taste.
Tart3	Cutting, bitter.
Tart3	Tartness
Tartan	pattern of coloured stripes crossing at right angles, esp. Denoting a scottish highland clan.
Tartan	woollen cloth woven in this pattern (often
Tartan	: tartan scarf).
Tartar	a member of a group of central asian peoples including mongols and turks.
Tartar	turkic language of these peoples.
Tartar	harsh or formidable person.
Tartar	of tartars.
Tartar	of central asia east of the caspian sea.
Tartar	hard deposit that forms on the teeth.
Tartar	deposit that forms a hard crust in wine.
Tartaric	Of or from tartar.
Tartaric acid	Natural acid found esp. In unripe grapes, used in baking powders etc.
Tartar sauce	Sauce of mayonnaise and chopped gherkins, capers, etc.
Tartrazine	Brilliant yellow dye from tartaric acid, used to colour food etc.
Tarty	vulgar, gaudy; promiscuous.
Tarzan	Agile muscular man.
Task	Piece of work to be done.
Task	Make great demands on
Task force	armed force or other group organized for a specific operation or task.
Taskmaster	person who makes others work hard.
Tass	Official russian news agency.
Tassel	tuft of loosely hanging threads or cords etc. As decoration.
Tassel	tassel-like flower-head of some plants, esp. Maize.
Taste	a sensation caused in the mouth by contact with a soluble substance.
Taste	faculty of perceiving this
Taste	small sample of food or drink.
Taste	slight experience
Taste	liking or predilection
Taste	aesthetic discernment in art, clothes, conduct, etc.
Taste	sample the flavour of
Taste	By taking it into the mouth.
Taste	Perceive the flavour of
Taste	(esp.
Taste bud	Cell or nerve-ending on the surface of the tongue by which things are tasted.
Tasteful	Having, or done in, good taste.
Tasteful	Tastefulness
Tasteless	lacking flavour.
Tasteless	having, or done in, bad taste.
Tasteless	Tastelessness
Taster	person employed to test food or drink by tasting.
Taster	small sample.
Tasting	Gathering at which food or drink is tasted and evaluated.
Tasty	pleasing in flavour; appetizing.
Tasty	Attractive.
Tasty	Tastiness
Tat1	Tatty things; rubbish, junk.
Tat2	do, or make by, tatting.
Ta-ta	Goodbye.
Tatter	(usu. In
Tatter	) Rag; irregularly torn cloth or paper etc.
Tatter	torn in many places.
Tatter	destroyed, ruined.
Tattered	In tatters.
Tatting	a kind of handmade knotted lace used for trimming etc.
Tatting	process of making this.
Tattle	prattle, chatter, gossip.
Tattle	Gossip; idle talk.
Tattoo1	evening drum or bugle signal recalling soldiers to quarters.
Tattoo1	elaboration of this with music and marching as an entertainment.
Tattoo1	rhythmic tapping or drumming.
Tattoo2	mark
Tattoo2	indelibly by puncturing it and inserting pigment.
Tattoo2	make
Tattoo2	in this way.
Tattoo2	Such a design.
Tattoo2	Tattooist
Tatty	tattered; shabby.
Tatty	inferior.
Tatty	tawdry.
Tatty	Tattiness
Tau	Nineteenth letter of the greek alphabet
Taunt	Insult; provocation.
Taunt	Insult; provoke contemptuously.
Taupe	Grey tinged with esp. Brown.
Taurus	constellation and second sign of the zodiac
Taurus	person born when the sun is in this sign.
Taut	Tight; not slack.
Taut	Tense.
Taut	In good condition.
Taut	Tautly
Taut	Tautness
Tautology	repetition using different words, esp. As a fault of style
Tautology	Tautologous
Tavern	or literary inn, pub.
Taverna	Greek restaurant.
Tawdry	showy but worthless; gaudy.
Tawdry	Tawdriness
Tawny	orange-brown or yellow-brown.
Tawny owl	Reddish-brown european owl.
Tax	money compulsorily levied by the state or local authorities on individuals, property, or businesses.
Tax	strain, heavy demand, or burdensome obligation.
Tax	impose a tax on.
Tax	deduct tax from
Taxa	Of *taxon.
Taxation	Imposition or payment of tax.
Tax avoidance	Minimizing payment of tax by financial manoeuvring.
Tax-deductible	legally deductible from income before tax assessment.
Tax disc	Road tax receipt displayed on the windscreen of a vehicle.
Tax evasion	Illegal non-payment or underpayment of tax.
Tax-free	Exempt from tax.
Tax haven	Country etc. Where taxes are low.
Taxi	car licensed to ply for hire and usu. Fitted with a taximeter.
Taxi	drive on the ground before take-off or after landing.
Taxi	go or convey in a taxi.
Taxidermy	Art of preparing, stuffing, and mounting the skins of animals.
Taximeter	Automatic fare-indicator fitted to a taxi.
Taxi rank	place where taxis wait to be hired.
Taxman	Inspector or collector of taxes.
Taxon	any taxonomic group.
Taxonomy	Classification of living and extinct organisms.
Taxonomy	Taxonomical
Taxonomy	Taxonomically
Taxonomy	Taxonomist
Taxpayer	Person who pays taxes.
Tax return	Declaration of income for taxation purposes.
Tayberry	hybrid fruit between the blackberry and raspberry.
Tb	tubercle bacillus.
Tb	tuberculosis.
Tb	Terbium.
T.b.a.	To be announced.
T-bone	T-shaped bone, esp. In steak from the thin end of a loin.
Tbsp.	Tablespoonful.
Tc	Technetium.
Tcp	Propr.
Tcp	disinfectant and germicide.
Te	Tellurium.
Te	seventh note of a major scale.
Tea	asian evergreen shrub or small tree.
Tea	its dried leaves.
Tea	drink made by infusing tea-leaves in boiling water.
Tea	infusion of other leaves etc.
Tea	a light afternoon meal of tea, bread, cakes, etc.
Tea bag	Small perforated bag of tea for infusion.
Tea break	Pause in work etc. To drink tea.
Tea caddy	Container for tea.
Teacake	Light usu. Toasted sweet bun eaten at tea.
Teach	(past and
Teach	Taught)
Teach	a give systematic information, instruction, or training to
Teach	or about
Teach	Practise this professionally.
Teach	communicate, instruct in
Teach	advocate as a moral etc. Principle
Teach	instruct
Teach	by example or punishment
Teach	Discourage
Teach	from
Teacher	Person who teaches, esp. In a school.
Tea chest	Light metal-lined plywood box for transporting tea.
Teaching	profession of a teacher.
Teaching	(often in
Teaching	) What is taught; doctrine.
Tea cosy	Cover to keep a teapot warm.
Teacup	cup from which tea is drunk.
Teacup	amount held by this.
Tea dance	Afternoon tea with dancing.
Teak	a hard durable timber.
Teak	large indian or se asian deciduous tree yielding this.
Teal	small freshwater duck.
Tea lady	Woman employed to make tea in offices etc.
Tea-leaf	dried leaf of tea.
Tea-leaf	(esp. In
Tea-leaf	) These as dregs.
Tea-leaf	rhyming sl. Thief.
Team	set of players forming one side in a game.
Team	two or more people working together.
Team	set of draught animals.
Team	join in a team or in common action
Team	match or coordinate
Team-mate	Fellow-member of a team.
Team spirit	Willingness to act for the communal good.
Teamster	us lorry-driver.
Teamster	driver of a team of animals.
Teamwork	Combined action; co-operation.
Tea-planter	Proprietor or cultivator of a tea plantation.
Teapot	Pot with a handle, spout, and lid, for brewing and then pouring tea.
Tear1	(past tore;
Tear1	Torn)
Tear1	pull apart or to pieces with some force
Tear1	a make a hole or rent in this way; undergo this
Tear1	make
Tear1	Pull violently
Tear1	violently disrupt or divide
Tear1	Go hurriedly
Tear1	hole etc. Caused by tearing.
Tear1	torn part of cloth etc.
Tear1	search
Tear1	exhaustively.
Tear1	criticize forcefully.
Tear1	destroy; divide utterly; distress greatly. Tear one's hair out
Tear1	Behave with extreme desperation. Tear into
Tear1	severely reprimand.
Tear1	start
Tear1	vigorously. Tear oneself away leave reluctantly. Tear to shreds
Tear1	Refute or criticize thoroughly. That's torn it
Tear1	That has spoiled things etc.
Tear2	drop of clear salty liquid secreted by glands from the eye, and shed esp. In grief.
Tear2	tearlike thing; drop.
Tearaway	Unruly young person.
Tear-drop	Single tear.
Tear-duct	Drain for carrying tears to or from the eye.
Tearful	crying or inclined to cry.
Tearful	sad
Tear-gas	Gas causing severe irritation to the eyes.
Tearing hurry	Great hurry.
Tear-jerker	Sentimental story, film, etc.
Tearoom	Small unlicensed café serving tea etc.
Tea rose	Hybrid shrub with a tealike scent.
Tease	a make fun of playfully, unkindly, or annoyingly; irritate.
Tease	allure, esp. Sexually, while withholding satisfaction.
Tease	pick
Tease	Into separate fibres.
Tease	dress
Tease	esp. With teasels.
Tease	Person fond of teasing.
Tease	act of teasing
Teasel	plant with large prickly heads that are dried and used to raise the nap on woven cloth.
Teasel	other device used for this purpose.
Teaser	person who teases.
Teaser	Hard question or task.
Teaset	Set of crockery for serving tea.
Teaspoon	small spoon for stirring tea.
Teaspoon	amount held by this.
Teat	mammary nipple, esp. Of an animal.
Teat	rubber nipple for sucking from a bottle.
Teatime	Time in the afternoon when tea is served.
Tea towel	Towel for drying washed crockery etc.
Tea trolley	small trolley from which tea is served.
Teazel	var. Of *teasel.
Tec	Training and enterprise council.
Tec	Detective.
Tech	Technical college.
Technetium	Artificially produced radioactive metallic element.
Technic	(usu. In
Technic	technology.
Technic	technical terms, details, methods, etc.
Technic	technique.
Technical	of the mechanical arts and applied sciences
Technical	of a particular subject or craft etc. Or its techniques
Technical	Using technical language; specialized.
Technical	due to mechanical failure
Technical	strictly or legally interpreted
Technicality	being technical.
Technicality	technical expression.
Technicality	technical point or detail
Technical knockout	Ruling by the referee that a boxer has lost because he is not fit to continue.
Technician	person doing practical or maintenance work in a laboratory etc.
Technician	person skilled in artistic etc. Technique.
Technician	expert in practical science.
Technicolor	(often
Technicolor	propr. Process of colour cinematography.
Technicolor	vivid colour.
Technicolor	artificial brilliance.
Technique	mechanical skill in art.
Technique	skilful manipulation of a situation, people, etc.
Technique	manner of artistic execution in music, painting, etc.
Technocracy	rule or control by technical experts.
Technocracy	instance or application of this.
Technocrat	Exponent or advocate of technocracy.
Technology	knowledge or use of the mechanical arts and applied sciences
Technology	these subjects collectively.
Technology	Technologically
Technology	Technologist
Tectonic	of building or construction.
Tectonic	of the deformation and subsequent structural changes of the earth's crust
Tectonics	pl.
Tectonics	Study of the earth's large-scale structural features
Ted	Teddy boy.
Teddy	soft toy bear.
Teddy boy	Youth, esp. Of the
Teddy boy	950s, wearing edwardian-style clothes, hairstyle, etc.
Tedious	Tiresomely long; wearisome.
Tedious	Tediousness
Tedium	Tediousness.
Tee2	a cleared space from which the golf ball is struck at the start of play for each hole.
Tee2	small wooden or plastic support for a golf ball used then.
Tee2	mark aimed at in bowls, quoits, curling, etc.
Tee2	place
Tee2	on a golf tee.
Tee2	play a ball from a tee.
Tee2	Start, begin.
Tee-hee	Expressing esp. Derisive amusement.
Tee-hee	Titter, giggle.
Tee-hee	titter, giggle.
Teem1	be abundant.
Teem1	be full of or swarming with
Teem2	Flow copiously; pour
-teen	forming numerals from
-teen	3 to
Teenage	Of or characteristic of teenagers.
Teenager	Person from
Teenager	3 to
Teenager	9 years of age.
Teens	pl. Years of one's age from
Teens	3 to
Teeny	Tiny.
Teeny-bopper	Young teenager, usu.
Teeny-bopper	girl, who follows the latest fashions.
Teeny-weeny	very tiny.
Teeter	Totter; move unsteadily.
Teeth	Of *tooth.
Teethe	grow or cut teeth, esp. Milk teeth.
Teething-ring	Ring for an infant to bite on while teething.
Teething troubles	pl. Initial difficulties in an enterprise etc.
Teetotal	Of or advocating total abstinence from alcohol.
Teetotal	Teetotaller
Teff	An african cereal.
Tefl	Teaching of english as a foreign language.
Teflon	Propr. Non-stick coating for kitchen utensils.
Tel.	Telephone.
Tele-	Form
Tele-	at or to a distance
Tele-	television
Tele-	by telephone
Tele-ad	Advertisement telephoned to a newspaper etc.
Telecast	Television broadcast.
Telecast	Transmit by television.
Telecommunication	communication over a distance by circuits using cable, fibre optics, satellites, radio etc.
Telecommunication	(usu. In
Telecommunication	) Technology of this.
Teleconference	Conference with participants linked by telephone etc.
Telegram	Message sent by telegraph and delivered in printed form.
Telegraph	(often
Telegraph	) Device or system for transmitting messages or signals to a distance, esp. By making and breaking an electrical connection
Telegraph	send a message by telegraph to.
Telegraph	send or communicate by telegraph
Telegraph	give advance indication of
Telegraphic	of or by telegraphs or telegrams.
Telegraphic	economically worded.
Telegraphy	Communication by telegraph.
Telekinesis	Supposed paranormal force moving objects at a distance.
Telemarketing	Marketing of goods etc. By unsolicited telephone calls.
Telemessage	Message sent by telephone or telex and delivered in printed form.
Telemetry	Process of recording the readings of an instrument and transmitting them by radio.
Teleology	philos.
Teleology	explanation of phenomena by the purpose they serve.
Teleology	theol. Doctrine of design and purpose in the material world.
Telepathy	Supposed paranormal communication of thoughts.
Telepathy	Telepathically
Telephone	apparatus for transmitting sound
Telephone	to a distance, esp. By using optical or electrical signals.
Telephone	handset etc. Used in this.
Telephone	system of communication using a network of telephones.
Telephone	speak to or send
Telephone	by telephone.
Telephone	make a telephone call.
Telephone	Telephonically
Telephone booth	booth etc. With a telephone for public use.
Telephone directory	Book listing telephone subscribers and numbers.
Telephone number	Number used to call a particular telephone.
Telephonist	Operator in a telephone exchange or at a switchboard.
Telephony	Transmission of sound by telephone.
Telephoto	lens used in telephotography.
Telephotography	Photographing of distant objects with a system of lenses giving a large image.
Teleprinter	Device for transmitting, receiving, and printing telegraph messages.
Teleprompter	Device beside a television or cinema camera that slowly unrolls a speaker's script out of sight of the audience.
Telesales	pl. Selling by telephone.
Telescope	optical instrument using lenses or mirrors to magnify distant objects.
Telescope	press or drive
Telescope	Together so that one slides into another.
Telescope	close or be capable of closing in this way.
Telescope	compress so as to occupy less space or time.
Telescopic	of or made with a telescope
Telescopic	able to focus on and magnify distant objects.
Telescopic	consisting of sections that telescope.
Telescopic sight	Telescope on a rifle etc. Used for sighting.
Teletext	Computerized news and information service transmitted to the televisions of subscribers.
Telethon	Exceptionally long television programme, esp. To raise money for charity.
Teletype	Propr.
Teletype	kind of teleprinter.
Televise	broadcast on television.
Television	system for reproducing on a screen visual images transmitted
Television	by radio signals or cable.
Television	device with a screen for receiving these signals.
Television	television broadcasting.
Telex	International system of telegraphy by teleprinters using the public telecommunications network.
Telex	Send, or communicate with, by telex.
Tell	(past and
Tell	Told)
Tell	relate in speech or writing
Tell	make known; express in words
Tell	reveal or signify to
Tell	utter
Tell	divulge information etc.; reveal a secret, the truth etc.
Tell	Inform against.
Tell	Direct; order
Tell	assure
Tell	decide, determine, distinguish
Tell	produce a noticeable effect or influence
Tell	Count
Tell	at a meeting, election, etc.
Tell	Scold. Tell tales make known another person's faults etc. Tell the time read the time from a clock or watch. You're telling me
Tell	I agree wholeheartedly.
Teller	person working at the counter of a bank etc.
Teller	person who counts votes.
Teller	person who tells esp. Stories
Telling	Having a marked effect; striking; impressive.
Telling-off	Scolding.
Tell-tale	person who reveals secrets about another.
Tell-tale	That reveals or betrays
Tell-tale	automatic monitoring or registering device.
Tellurium	Rare lustrous silver-white element used in semiconductors.
Telly	television.
Telly	television set.
Temerity	Rashness; audacity.
Temp	Temporary employee, esp.
Temp	secretary.
Temp	Work as a temp.
Temper	mental disposition, mood
Temper	irritation or anger
Temper	tendency to lose one's temper
Temper	composure, calmness
Temper	hardness or elasticity of metal.
Temper	bring
Temper	to a proper hardness or consistency.
Temper	moderate, mitigate
Tempera	method of painting using an emulsion, e.g. Of pigment with egg-yolk and water, esp. On canvas.
Tempera	this emulsion.
Temperament	Person's or animal's nature and character
Temperamental	of temperament.
Temperamental	unreliable; moody. B
Temperamental	(of esp.
Temperamental	machine) unreliable, unpredictable.
Temperance	moderation, esp. In eating and drinking.
Temperance	(often
Temperance	) Abstinence, esp. Total, from alcohol
Temperate	avoiding excess.
Temperate	moderate.
Temperate	mild.
Temperature	measured or perceived degree of heat or cold of a thing, region, etc.
Temperature	Body temperature above the normal
Temperature	degree of excitement in a discussion etc.
Tempest	Violent storm.
Tempestuous	Stormy; turbulent.
Tempi	Of *tempo.
Template	Piece of thin board or metal plate etc., used as a pattern in cutting or drilling etc.
Temple1	Building for the worship, or seen as the dwelling-place, of a god or gods etc.
Temple2	Flat part of either side of the head between the forehead and the ear.
Tempo	speed at which music is or should be played.
Tempo	speed or pace.
Temporal	worldly as opposed to spiritual; secular.
Temporal	of time.
Temporal	Denoting time or tense
Temporal	of the temples of the head
Temporary	Lasting or meant to last only for a limited time.
Temporary	person employed temporarily.
Temporary	Temporariness
Temporize	avoid committing oneself so as to gain time; procrastinate.
Temporize	comply temporarily; adopt a time-serving policy.
Tempt	entice or incite
Tempt	to do what is wrong or forbidden
Tempt	allure, attract.
Tempt	risk provoking
Tempt	Temptress
Temptation	tempting or being tempted; incitement, esp. To wrongdoing.
Temptation	attractive thing or course of action.
Temptation	putting to the test.
Tempting	Attractive, inviting.
Tempura	Japanese dish of fish, shellfish, etc., fried in batter.
Ten	one more than nine.
Ten	symbol for this
Ten	size etc. Denoted by ten.
Ten	ten o'clock.
Tenable	maintainable or defensible against attack or objection
Tenable	That can be held for
Tenable	or by
Tenacious	keeping a firm hold.
Tenacious	persistent, resolute.
Tenacious	retentive.
Tenacious	Tenacity
Tenancy	status of or possession as a tenant.
Tenancy	duration of this.
Tenant	person who rents land or property from a landlord.
Tenant	occupant of a place.
Tenant farmer	Person who farms rented land.
Tenantry	Tenants of an estate etc.
Tench	european freshwater fish of the carp family.
Ten commandments	pl.
Ten commandments	rules of conduct given by god to moses (exod.
Ten commandments	0:1–17).
Tend1	be apt or inclined
Tend1	be moving; hold a course
Tend2	Take care of, look after
Tendency	leaning or inclination.
Tendentious	Derog. Calculated to promote a particular cause or viewpoint; biased; controversial.
Tendentious	Tendentiousness
Tender1	easily cut or chewed, not tough
Tender1	susceptible to pain or grief; vulnerable; compassionate
Tender1	sensitive; fragile; delicate
Tender1	loving, affectionate.
Tender1	requiring tact
Tender1	early, immature
Tender1	Tenderness
Tender2	offer, present
Tender2	offer a tender.
Tender2	Offer, esp. In writing, to execute work or supply goods at a stated price.
Tender3	person who looks after people or things.
Tender3	supply ship attending a larger one etc.
Tender3	truck coupled to a steam locomotive to carry fuel and water.
Tenderfoot	newcomer, novice.
Tender-hearted	Easily moved; compassionate.
Tenderize	make
Tenderize	tender by beating, hanging, marinading, etc.
Tenderloin	middle part of pork loin.
Tenderloin	us undercut of sirloin.
Tender mercies	pl. Iron. Harsh treatment.
Tender spot	Subject on which a person is touchy.
Tendon	Cord of strong connective tissue attaching a muscle to a bone etc.
Tendril	Slender leafless shoot by which some climbing plants cling.
Tenebrous	Literary dark, gloomy.
Tenement	room or flat within a house or block of flats.
Tenement	house or block so divided.
Tenet	Doctrine, principle.
Tenfold	ten times as much or as many.
Tenfold	consisting of ten parts.
Ten-gallon hat	Cowboy's large broad-brimmed hat.
Tenner	Ten-pound or ten-dollar note.
Tennis	Game in which two or four players strike a ball with rackets over a net stretched across a court.
Tennis elbow	Sprain caused by overuse of forearm muscles.
Tenon	Wooden projection made for insertion into a cavity, esp.
Tenon	mortise, in another piece.
Tenor	a male singing-voice between baritone and alto or counter-tenor.
Tenor	singer with this voice.
Tenor	(often
Tenor	) Instrument with a similar range.
Tenor	general meaning.
Tenor	prevailing course, esp. Of a person's life or habits.
Tenosynovitis	Injury of esp.
Tenosynovitis	wrist tendon resulting from repetitive strain.
Tenpin	Pin used in tenpin bowling.
Tenpin bowling	Game in which ten pins or skittles are bowled at in an alley.
Tense1	stretched tight, strained.
Tense1	causing tenseness
Tense1	make or become tense.
Tense1	Tenseness
Tense2	form of a verb indicating the time
Tense2	of the action etc.
Tense2	set of such forms as a paradigm.
Tensile	of tension.
Tensile	capable of being stretched.
Tensile strength	Resistance to breaking under tension.
Tension	stretching or being stretched; tenseness.
Tension	mental strain or excitement.
Tension	strained
Tension	State or relationship.
Tension	stress produced by forces pulling apart.
Tension	degree of tightness of stitches in knitting and machine sewing.
Tension	voltage
Tension	Subject to tension.
Tent	portable canvas etc. Shelter or dwelling supported by poles and cords attached to pegs driven into the ground.
Tent	tentlike enclosure, e.g. Supplying oxygen to a patient.
Tentacle	long slender flexible appendage of an
Tentacle	animal, used for feeling, grasping, or moving.
Tentacle	channel for gathering information, exercising influence, etc.
Tentative	experimental.
Tentative	hesitant, not definite
Tentative	Tentativeness
Tenter	Machine for stretching cloth to dry in shape.
Tenterhook	Hook to which cloth is fastened on a tenter.
Tenth	next after ninth.
Tenth	any of ten equal parts of a thing.
Tent-stitch	series of parallel diagonal stitches.
Tent-stitch	such a stitch.
Tenuous	slight, insubstantial
Tenuous	Oversubtle.
Tenuous	thin, slender, small.
Tenuous	rarefied.
Tenuous	Tenuously
Tenure	condition, or form of right or title, under which
Tenure	property is held.
Tenure	a holding or possession of an office or property.
Tenure	period of this.
Tenure	guaranteed permanent employment, esp. As a teacher or lecturer.
Tepee	American indian's conical tent.
Tepid	lukewarm.
Tepid	unenthusiastic.
Tepid	Tepidly
Tequila	Mexican liquor made from an agave.
Tera-	Form denoting a factor of
Tera-	012.
Terbium	Silvery metallic element of the lanthanide series.
Tercel	male hawk, esp.
Tercel	peregrine or goshawk.
Tercentenary	three-hundredth anniversary.
Tercentenary	celebration of this.
Teredo	bivalve mollusc that bores into submerged timbers of ships etc.
Tergiversate	change one's party or principles; apostatize.
Tergiversate	make conflicting or evasive statements.
Tergiversate	Tergiversator
Term	word for a definite concept, esp. Specialized
Term	(in
Term	) Language used; mode of expression
Term	(in
Term	) Relation, footing
Term	(in
Term	stipulations
Term	charge or price
Term	a limited, usu. Specified, period
Term	period of weeks during which instruction is given or during which a lawcourt holds sessions.
Term	logic word or words that may be the subject or predicate of a proposition.
Term	math.
Term	each of the quantities in a ratio or series.
Term	part of an algebraic expression.
Term	completion of a normal length of pregnancy.
Term	Call, name
Termagant	Overbearing woman; virago.
Terminable	Able to be terminated.
Terminal	fatal.
Terminal	dying.
Terminal	of or forming a limit or terminus
Terminal	terminating thing; extremity.
Terminal	terminus for trains or long-distance buses.
Terminate	bring or come to an end.
Terminate	end in
Termination	terminating or being terminated.
Termination	induced abortion.
Termination	ending or result.
Termination	word's final syllable or letter.
Termini	Of *terminus.
Terminology	system of specialized terms.
Terminology	science of the use of terms.
Terminus	station at the end of a railway or bus route.
Terminus	point at the end of a pipeline etc.
Termite	Small tropical antlike social insect destructive to timber.
Terms of reference	pl. Scope of an inquiry etc.; definition of this.
Tern	Marine gull-like bird with a long forked tail.
Ternary	Composed of three parts.
Terrace	flat area made on a slope for cultivation.
Terrace	level paved area next to a house.
Terrace	row of houses built in one block of uniform style.
Terrace	tiered standing accommodation for spectators at a sports ground.
Terrace	form into or provide with a terrace or terraces.
Terrace house	house in a terrace.
Terracotta	a unglazed usu. Brownish-red earthenware.
Terracotta	statuette of this.
Terracotta	its colour.
Terra firma	Dry land, firm ground.
Terrain	Tract of land, esp. In geographical or military contexts.
Terra incognita	Unexplored region.
Terrapin	American edible freshwater turtle.
Terrapin	propr. Type of prefabricated one-storey building.
Terrarium	place for keeping small land animals.
Terrarium	sealed transparent globe etc. Containing growing plants.
Terrazzo	smooth flooring-material of stone chips set in concrete.
Terrene	of the earth; worldly.
Terrene	of earth, earthy.
Terrene	terrestrial.
Terrestrial	of or on the earth; earthly.
Terrestrial	of or on dry land.
Terrible	Very great or bad
Terrible	Very incompetent
Terrible	causing or likely to cause terror; dreadful, formidable.
Terribly	Very, extremely
Terribly	in a terrible manner.
Terrier	Small dog of various breeds originally used for digging out foxes etc.
Terrific	huge; intense
Terrific	excellent
Terrific	causing terror.
Terrify	fill with terror
Terrify	Terrifyingly
Terrine	pâté or similar food.
Terrine	earthenware vessel, esp. For pâté.
Territorial	of territory or a district
Territorial	tending to defend one's territory.
Territorial	member of the territorial army.
Territorial army	Local volunteer reserve force.
Territorial waters	pl. Area of sea under the jurisdiction of a state, esp. Within a stated distance of the shore.
Territory	extent of the land under the jurisdiction of a ruler, state, etc.
Territory	organized division of a country, esp. One not yet admitted to the full rights of a state.
Territory	sphere of action etc.; province.
Territory	commercial traveller's sales area.
Territory	animal's or human's defended space or area.
Territory	area defended by a team or player in a game.
Terror	extreme fear.
Terror	a terrifying person or thing. B
Terror	Formidable or troublesome person or thing, esp.
Terror	child.
Terror	organized intimidation; terrorism.
Terrorist	(often
Terrorist	) Person using esp. Organized violence against a government etc.
Terrorize	fill with terror.
Terrorize	use terrorism against.
Terror-stricken	affected with terror.
Terry	(often
Terry	) Looped pile fabric used esp. For towels and nappies.
Terse	brief, concise.
Terse	curt, abrupt.
Terse	Terseness
Tertiary	third in order or rank etc.
Tertiary	of the first period in the cenozoic era.
Tertiary	tertiary period.
Tervalent	Having a valency of three.
Terylene	Propr. Synthetic textile fibre of polyester.
Tesl	Teaching of english as a second language.
Tesla	Si unit of magnetic induction.
Tessa	Tax exempt special savings account.
Tessellated	of or resembling a mosaic.
Tessellated	regularly chequered.
Tessellation	Close arrangement of polygons, esp. In a repeated pattern.
Tessera	small square block used in mosaic.
Tessitura	Range of a singing voice or vocal part.
Test1	critical examination or trial of a person's or thing's qualities.
Test1	means, procedure, or standard for so doing.
Test1	minor examination, esp. In school
Test1	Test match.
Test1	put to the test.
Test1	try or tax severely.
Test1	examine by means of a reagent.
Test2	Shell of some invertebrates.
Testa	seed's protective outer covering.
Testaceous	Having a hard continuous shell.
Testament	will
Testament	evidence, proof
Testament	bibl.
Testament	covenant, dispensation.
Testament	division of the bible
Testamentary	Of, by, or in a will.
Testate	Having left a valid will at death.
Testate	Testate person.
Testator	person who has made a will.
Test card	Still television picture outside normal programme hours used for adjusting brightness, definition, etc.
Test case	Law case setting a precedent for other similar cases.
Test drive	Drive taken to judge the performance of a vehicle.
Tester	person or thing that tests.
Tester	bottle etc. Containing a cosmetic for trial in a shop.
Testes	Of *testis.
Test flight	Aircraft flight for evaluation purposes.
Testicle	Male organ that produces spermatozoa etc., esp. One of a pair in the scrotum in man and most mammals.
Testify	bear witness; be evidence of
Testify	give evidence.
Testify	affirm or declare.
Testimonial	certificate of character, conduct, or qualifications.
Testimonial	gift presented to a person
Testimonial	as a mark of esteem etc.
Testimony	witness's statement under oath etc.
Testimony	declaration or statement of fact.
Testimony	evidence, demonstration
Testis	anat.
Testis	zool. Testicle.
Test match	International cricket or rugby match, usu. In a series.
Testosterone	Male sex hormone formed in the testicles.
Test paper	minor examination paper.
Test paper	paper impregnated with a substance changing colour under known conditions.
Test pilot	Pilot who test-flies aircraft.
Test-tube	Thin glass tube closed at one end, used for chemical tests etc.
Test-tube baby	Baby conceived by in vitro fertilization.
Testy	irritable, touchy.
Testy	Testiness
Tetanus	Bacterial disease causing painful spasm of the voluntary muscles.
Tetchy	peevish, irritable.
Tetchy	Tetchiness
Tête-à-tête	(often
Tête-à-tête	) Private conversation between two persons.
Tête-à-tête	Privately without a third person
Tether	Rope etc. Confining a grazing animal.
Tether	Tie with a tether.
Tetra-	Form four.
Tetrad	Group of four.
Tetragon	Plane figure with four angles and sides.
Tetrahedron	four-sided solid; triangular pyramid.
Tetralogy	group of four related novels, plays, operas, etc.
Tetrameter	Prosody verse of four measures.
Teuton	Member of a teutonic nation, esp.
Teuton	german.
Teutonic	of the germanic peoples or languages.
Teutonic	german.
Text	main body of a book as distinct from notes etc.
Text	original book or document, esp. As distinct from a paraphrase etc.
Text	passage from scripture, esp. As the subject of a sermon.
Text	subject, theme.
Text	(in
Text	) Books prescribed for study.
Text	data in textual form, esp. As stored, processed, or displayed in a word processor etc.
Textbook	Book for use in studying, esp.
Textbook	standard account of a subject.
Textbook	exemplary, accurate.
Textbook	instructively typical.
Text editor	Computing system or program allowing the user to enter and edit text.
Textile	(often in
Textile	) Fabric, cloth, or fibrous material, esp. Woven.
Textile	fibre, yarn.
Textile	of weaving or cloth
Textile	woven
Text processing	Computing manipulation of text, esp. Transforming it from one format to another.
Textual	Of, in, or concerning a text.
Texture	feel or appearance of a surface or substance.
Texture	arrangement of threads etc. In textile fabric.
Texture	(usu. As textured
Texture	provide with a texture.
Texture	provide with a texture resembling meat.
Th	Thorium.
-th	forming ordinal and fractional numbers from four onwards.
Thai	a native or national of thailand.
Thai	person of thai descent.
Thai	language of thailand.
Thai	Of thailand.
Thalidomide	Sedative drug found in
Thalidomide	961 to cause foetal malformation when taken early in pregnancy.
Thallium	Rare soft white metallic element.
Than	Introducing a comparison
Thane	Hist.
Thane	man who held land from an english king or other superior by military service.
Thane	man who held land from a scottish king and ranked with an earl's son; chief of a clan.
Thank	express gratitude to
Thank	hold responsible
Thank	(in
Thank	gratitude.
Thank	expression of gratitude.
Thank	thank you
Thank	Expression of relief etc. Thanks to as the result of
Thank	. Thank you polite formula expressing gratitude.
Thankful	grateful, pleased.
Thankful	expressive of thanks.
Thankfully	in a thankful manner.
Thankfully	let us be thankful
Thankless	not expressing or feeling gratitude.
Thankless	Giving no pleasure or profit; unappreciated.
Thanksgiving	expression of gratitude, esp. To god.
Thanksgiving	fourth thursday in november
Thatch	roof-covering of straw, reeds, etc.
Thatch	Hair of the head.
Thatch	Cover with thatch.
Thaw	pass from a frozen into a liquid or unfrozen state.
Thaw	become warm enough to melt ice etc.
Thaw	become warm enough to lose numbness etc.
The	denoting person
The	or thing
The	already mentioned, under discussion, implied, or familiar
The	describing as unique
The	a (foll. By defining
The	) Which is, who are, etc.
The	(foll. By
The	Used absol.) Denoting a class described
The	best known or best entitled to the name
The	indicating a following defining clause or phrase
The	a indicating that a singular noun represents a species etc.
The	used with a noun which figuratively represents an occupation etc.
The	a, per
The	in or by that
The	degree; on that account
Theater	building or outdoor area for dramatic performances.
Theater	writing and production of plays.
Theater	room or hall for lectures etc. With seats in tiers.
Theater	operating theatre.
Theater	a scene or field of action
Theater	Designating weapons intermediate between tactical and strategic.
Theatre	building or outdoor area for dramatic performances.
Theatre	writing and production of plays.
Theatre	room or hall for lectures etc. With seats in tiers.
Theatre	operating theatre.
Theatre	a scene or field of action
Theatre	Designating weapons intermediate between tactical and strategic.
Theatrical	of or for the theatre or acting.
Theatrical	Calculated for effect; showy.
Theatrical	(in
Theatrical	) Dramatic performances
Theatrical	Theatrically
Theft	Act of stealing.
Their	Of or belonging to them.
Theirs	The one or ones of or belonging to them
Theism	Belief in gods or a god, esp.
Theism	god supernaturally revealed to man.
Theism	Theistic
Them	objective case of *they.
Them	They
Them	. —demons.
Them	or dial. Those.
Theme	subject or topic of a talk, book, etc.
Theme	Prominent melody in a composition.
Theme	us school exercise on a given subject.
Theme	Thematically
Theme park	Amusement park organized round a unifying idea.
Theme song	recurrent melody in a musical play or film.
Theme song	signature tune.
Themselves	emphat. Form of *they or *them.
Themselves	refl. Form of *them.
Then	at that time.
Then	a next; after that.
Then	and also.
Then	a in that case
Then	implying grudging or impatient concession
Then	used parenthetically to resume a narrative etc.
Then	Such at the time in question
Then	That time
Thence	or literary
Thence	from that place.
Thence	for that reason.
Thenceforth	or literary from that time onward.
Theo-	Form god or god
Theocracy	form of government by god or a god directly, or through a priestly order etc.
Theodolite	Surveying-instrument for measuring horizontal and vertical angles with a rotating telescope.
Theologian	Expert in theology.
Theology	the study or a system of theistic
Theology	religion.
Theology	Theologically
Theorem	Esp. Math.
Theorem	general proposition that is not self-evident but is proved by reasoning.
Theorem	rule in algebra etc., esp. One expressed by symbols or formulae.
Theoretical	concerned with knowledge but not with its practical application.
Theoretical	based on theory rather than experience.
Theoretician	Person concerned with the theoretical aspects of a subject.
Theorist	Holder or inventor of a theory.
Theorize	evolve or indulge in theories.
Theory	supposition or system of ideas explaining something, esp. One based on general principles independent of the particular things to be explained
Theory	speculative
Theory	view
Theory	abstract knowledge or speculative thought
Theory	exposition of the principles of a science etc.
Theory	collection of propositions to illustrate the principles of a mathematical subject
Theosophy	any of various philosophies professing to achieve knowledge of god by spiritual ecstasy, direct intuition, or special individual relations, esp.
Theosophy	modern movement following hindu and buddhist teachings and seeking universal brotherhood.
Theosophy	Theosophist
Therapeutic	of, for, or contributing to, the cure of disease.
Therapeutic	soothing, conducive to well-being.
Therapeutics	pl.
Therapeutics	Branch of medicine concerned with cures and remedies.
Therapy	non-surgical treatment of disease or disability.
There	in, at, or to that place or position
There	at that point
There	in that respect
There	used for emphasis in calling attention
There	used to indicate the fact or existence of something
There	That place
There	expressing confirmation, triumph, etc.
There	used to soothe a child etc.
Thereabouts	near that place.
Thereabouts	near that number, quantity, etc.
Thereafter	Formal after that.
Thereby	By that means, as a result of that.
Therefore	For that reason; accordingly, consequently.
Therein	Formal
Therein	in that place etc.
Therein	in that respect.
Thereof	Formal of that or it.
Thereto	Formal
Thereto	to that or it.
Thereto	in addition.
Thereupon	in consequence of that.
Thereupon	immediately after that.
Therm	Unit of heat, esp. As the statutory unit of gas supplied, equivalent to
Therm	00,000 british thermal units (1.055 x
Therm	08 joules).
Thermal	of, for, or producing heat.
Thermal	promoting the retention of heat
Thermal	Rising current of warm air
Thermal unit	Unit for measuring heat.
Thermionic	Of electrons emitted from a very hot substance.
Thermionic valve	Device giving a flow of thermionic electrons in one direction, used esp. In the rectification of a current and in radio reception.
Thermo-	Form heat.
Thermocouple	Device for measuring temperatures by means of a pair of different metals in contact at a point and generating a thermoelectric voltage.
Thermodynamics	pl.
Thermodynamics	Science of the relations between heat and other forms of energy.
Thermoelectric	Producing electricity by a difference of temperatures.
Thermometer	Instrument for measuring temperature, esp.
Thermometer	graduated glass tube containing mercury or alcohol.
Thermonuclear	relating to nuclear reactions that occur only at very high temperatures.
Thermonuclear	using thermonuclear reactions.
Thermoplastic	That becomes plastic on heating and hardens on cooling.
Thermoplastic	Thermoplastic substance.
Thermos	propr. Vacuum flask.
Thermosetting	setting permanently when heated.
Thermosphere	Region of the atmosphere beyond the mesosphere.
Thermostat	Device that automatically regulates or responds to temperature.
Thermostat	Thermostatically
Thesaurus	book that lists words in groups of synonyms and related concepts.
These	Of *this.
Thesis	proposition to be maintained or proved.
Thesis	dissertation, esp. By a candidate for a higher degree.
Thespian	Of drama.
Thespian	Actor or actress.
Theta	Eighth letter of the greek alphabet
They	(obj. Them;
They	Their, theirs)
They	Of *he, *she, *it.
They	people in general
They	those in authority
They'd	they had.
They'd	they would.
They'll	they will.
They'll	they shall.
They're	They are.
They've	They have.
Thiamine	b vitamin found in unrefined cereals, beans, and liver, a deficiency of which causes beriberi.
Thick	of great or specified extent between opposite surfaces.
Thick	Broad; not fine.
Thick	arranged closely; crowded together; dense.
Thick	densely covered or filled
Thick	a firm in consistency; containing much solid matter.
Thick	made of thick material
Thick	a muddy, cloudy; impenetrable by sight.
Thick	suffering from a hangover, headache, etc.
Thick	Stupid.
Thick	indistinct.
Thick	very marked.
Thick	Intimate, very friendly.
Thick	Thick part of anything.
Thick	Thickly
Thick	Unreasonable or intolerable. In the thick of at the busiest part of. Through thick and thin under all conditions; in spite of all difficulties.
Thick	Thickly
Thicken	make or become thick or thicker.
Thicken	become more complicated
Thickening	becoming thick or thicker.
Thickening	substance used to thicken liquid.
Thickening	thickened part.
Thicket	Tangle of shrubs or trees.
Thickhead	Stupid person.
Thickness	being thick.
Thickness	extent of this.
Thickness	layer of material
Thickset	heavily or solidly built.
Thickset	set or growing close together.
Thick-skinned	Not sensitive to criticism.
Thief	person who steals, esp. Secretly.
Thieve	be a thief.
Thieve	steal
Thievery	Stealing.
Thievish	Given to stealing.
Thigh	Part of the leg between the hip and the knee.
Thimble	Metal or plastic cap worn to protect the finger and push the needle in sewing.
Thimbleful	small quantity, esp. Of drink.
Thin	having opposite surfaces close together; of small thickness or diameter.
Thin	narrow or fine.
Thin	made of thin material
Thin	lean; not plump.
Thin	not dense or copious
Thin	of slight consistency.
Thin	weak; lacking an important ingredient
Thin	Flimsy or transparent.
Thin	Thinly
Thin	make or become thin or thinner.
Thin	make or become less dense or crowded or numerous.
Thin	Have a wretched or uncomfortable time. Thin on the ground few in number. Thin on top balding.
Thin	Thinness
Thin	Thinnish
Thine	Of or belonging to thee.
Thing	entity, idea, action, etc., that exists or may be thought about or perceived.
Thing	inanimate material object
Thing	unspecified item
Thing	act, idea, or utterance
Thing	event
Thing	quality
Thing	person regarded with pity, contempt, or affection
Thing	specimen or type
Thing	One's special interest
Thing	Something remarkable
Thing	what is proper or fashionable.
Thing	what is needed
Thing	what is to be considered
Thing	what is important.
Thing	2 (in
Thing	) Personal belongings or clothing
Thing	3 (in
Thing	) Equipment
Thing	4 (in
Thing	) Affairs in general
Thing	5 (in
Thing	) Circumstances, conditions
Thing	6 (in
Thing	With a following adjective) all that is so describable
Thing	Pursue one's own interests or inclinations. Have a thing about
Thing	Be obsessed or prejudiced about. Make a thing of
Thing	regard as essential.
Thing	cause a fuss about.
Thingummy	Person or thing whose name one has forgotten or does not know.
Think	(past and
Think	Thought)
Think	be of the opinion
Think	judge or consider
Think	exercise the mind
Think	a consider; be or become aware of.
Think	form or entertain the idea of; imagine.
Think	have a half-formed intention
Think	form a conception of.
Think	recognize the presence or existence of
Think	Act of thinking
Think	consider carefully.
Think	produce
Think	By thinking. Think over reflect upon in order to reach a decision. Think through reflect fully upon
Think	. Think twice use careful consideration, avoid hasty action, etc. Think up
Think	Devise.
Thinker	person who thinks, esp. In a specified way
Thinker	person with a skilled or powerful mind.
Thinking	Intelligent, rational.
Thinking	Opinion or judgement.
Think-tank	Body of experts providing advice and ideas on national or commercial problems.
Thinner	Solvent for diluting paint etc.
Thin-skinned	Sensitive to criticism.
Thiosulphate	Sulphate in which one oxygen atom is replaced by sulphur.
Third	next after second.
Third	each of three equal parts of a thing.
Third degree	Long and severe questioning, esp. By police to obtain information or a confession.
Third degree	denoting burns of the most severe kind, affecting lower layers of tissue.
Third man	Fielder positioned near the boundary behind the slips.
Third party	another party besides the two principals.
Third party	bystander etc.
Third party	covering damage or injury suffered by a person other than the insured.
Third person	See *person.
Third-rate	Inferior; very poor.
Third reading	Third presentation of a bill to a legislative assembly.
Third reich	Nazi regime,
Third reich	933-45.
Third world	developing countries of asia, africa, and latin america.
Thirst	need to drink; discomfort caused by this.
Thirst	desire, craving.
Thirst	feel thirst.
Thirst	have a strong desire.
Thirsty	feeling thirst.
Thirsty	Dry or parched.
Thirsty	eager.
Thirsty	Causing thirst
Thirsty	Thirstiness
Thirteen	one more than twelve.
Thirteen	symbol for this
Thirteen	size etc. Denoted by thirteen.
Thirty	three times ten.
Thirty	symbol for this
Thirty	(in
Thirty	) Numbers from
Thirty	0 to
Thirty	9, esp. The years of a century or of a person's life.
Thirty-nine articles	pl. Points of doctrine assented to by those taking orders in the church of england.
Thistle	prickly plant, usu. With globular heads of purple flowers.
Thistle	this as the scottish national emblem.
Thistledown	Light down containing thistle-seeds and blown about in the wind.
Thistly	Overgrown with thistles.
Thither	or formal to or towards that place.
Tho'	var. Of *though.
Thole	pin in the gunwale of a boat as the fulcrum for an oar.
Thole	each of two such pins forming a rowlock.
Thong	Narrow strip of hide or leather.
Thorax	anat.
Thorax	zool. Part of the trunk between the neck and the abdomen.
Thorium	Chem. Radioactive metallic element.
Thorn	sharp-pointed projection on a plant.
Thorn	thorn-bearing shrub or tree.
Thorny	having many thorns.
Thorny	problematic, causing disagreement.
Thorny	Thorniness
Thorough	complete and unqualified; not superficial.
Thorough	acting or done with great care and completeness.
Thorough	absolute
Thorough	Thoroughness
Thoroughbred	of pure breed.
Thoroughbred	high-spirited.
Thoroughbred	Thoroughbred animal, esp.
Thoroughbred	horse.
Thoroughfare	Road or path open at both ends, esp. For traffic.
Thoroughgoing	Thorough; complete.
Those	Of *that.
Thou1	(obj. Thee;
Thou1	Thy or thine;
Thou1	Ye or you)
Thou1	second person singular pronoun.
Thou2	thousand.
Thou2	one thousandth.
Though	despite the fact that; in spite of being
Though	even if
Though	and yet; nevertheless.
Though	However; all the same.
Thought1	process or power of thinking; faculty of reason.
Thought1	way of thinking associated with a particular time, group, etc.
Thought1	sober reflection or consideration.
Thought1	idea or piece of reasoning produced by thinking.
Thought1	Partly formed intention
Thought1	(usu. In
Thought1	) What one is thinking; one's opinion.
Thought1	somewhat
Thoughtful	engaged in or given to meditation.
Thoughtful	Giving signs of serious thought.
Thoughtful	considerate.
Thoughtful	Thoughtfulness
Thoughtless	careless of consequences or of others' feelings.
Thoughtless	due to lack of thought.
Thoughtless	Thoughtlessness
Thought-reader	Person supposedly able to perceive another's thoughts.
Thousand	(pl. Thousands or (in sense
Thousand	) thousand)
Thousand	ten hundred.
Thousand	symbol for this
Thousand	(in sing. Or
Thousand	Large number.
Thousand	Thousandth
Thrall	Literary
Thrall	slave
Thrall	slavery
Thrash	beat or whip severely.
Thrash	defeat thoroughly.
Thrash	deliver repeated blows.
Thrash	move or fling
Thrash	about violently.
Thrash	act of thrashing.
Thrash	party.
Thread	a spun-out cotton, silk, or glass etc.; yarn.
Thread	length of this.
Thread	thin cord of twisted yarns used esp. In sewing and weaving.
Thread	continuous aspect of a thing
Thread	spiral ridge of a screw.
Thread	pass a thread through
Thread	put
Thread	on a thread.
Thread	insert
Thread	into equipment.
Thread	make
Thread	carefully through a crowded place, over a difficult route, etc.
Threadbare	with the nap worn away and the thread visible.
Threadbare	wearing such clothes.
Threadbare	hackneyed.
Threadworm	Parasitic threadlike worm.
Threat	declaration of an intention to punish or hurt if an order etc. Is not obeyed.
Threat	indication of something undesirable coming
Threat	person or thing as a likely cause of harm etc.
Threaten	make a threat or threats against.
Threaten	be a sign of
Threaten	Announce one's intention to do an undesirable thing.
Threaten	Warn of the infliction of
Three	a one more than two.
Three	symbol for this
Three	size etc. Denoted by three.
Three-cornered	triangular.
Three-cornered	Between three parties.
Three-decker	warship with three gun-decks.
Three-decker	thing with three levels or divisions.
Three-dimensional	Having or appearing to have length, breadth, and depth.
Threefold	three times as much or as many.
Threefold	consisting of three parts.
Three-legged race	Running-race between pairs, one member of each pair having the left leg tied to the right leg of the other.
Three-line whip	Written notice to mps from their leader insisting on attendance at a debate and voting a certain way.
Threepence	Sum of three pence.
Threepenny	Costing three pence.
Three-piece	Three-piece suit or suite.
Three-piece	consisting of three items.
Three-ply	Of three strands or layers etc.
Three-ply	three-ply wool.
Three-ply	three-ply wood.
Three-point turn	Method of turning a vehicle round in a narrow space by moving forwards, backwards, and forwards again.
Three-quarter	rugby any of three or four players just behind the half-backs.
Three-quarters	pl. Three parts out of four.
Three rs	pl.
Three rs	reading, writing, and arithmetic.
Threescore	sixty.
Threesome	Group of three persons.
Three-way	Involving three directions or participants.
Threnody	song of lamentation or mourning.
Thresh	beat out or separate grain from
Threshing-floor	Hard level floor for threshing esp. With flails.
Threshold	strip of wood or stone forming the bottom of a doorway and crossed in entering a house etc.
Threshold	point of entry or beginning.
Threshold	limit below which a stimulus causes no reaction.
Thrice	or literary
Thrice	three times.
Thrice	(esp. In
Thrice	) Highly
Thrift	frugality; careful use of money etc.
Thrift	the sea pink.
Thriftless	Wasteful.
Thrifty	economical.
Thrifty	Thriftiness
Thrill	wave or nervous tremor of emotion or sensation
Thrill	throb, pulsation.
Thrill	feel a thrill.
Thrill	quiver or throb with or as with emotion.
Thriller	Exciting or sensational story or play etc., esp. About crime or espionage.
Thrips	an insect harmful to plants.
Thrive	(-ving; past throve or thrived;
Thrive	Thriven or thrived)
Thrive	prosper, flourish.
Thrive	grow rich.
Thrive	grow vigorously.
Throat	a windpipe or gullet.
Throat	front part of the neck containing this.
Throat	literary narrow passage, entrance, or exit.
Throaty	hoarsely resonant.
Throaty	Throatiness
Throb	pulsate, esp. With more than the usual force or rapidity.
Throb	vibrate with a persistent rhythm or with emotion.
Throb	throbbing.
Throb	pulsation.
Throe	(usu. In
Throe	) Violent pang, esp. Of childbirth or death.
Thrombosis	coagulation of the blood in a blood-vessel or organ.
Throne	chair of state for a sovereign or bishop etc.
Throne	sovereign power
Throne	enthrone.
Throng	crowd, esp. Of people.
Throng	come in great numbers
Throng	flock into or crowd round; fill with or as with a crowd.
Throstle	Song thrush.
Throttle	a valve controlling the flow of fuel or steam etc. In an engine.
Throttle	lever or pedal operating this valve.
Throttle	throat, gullet, or windpipe.
Throttle	choke or strangle.
Throttle	prevent the utterance etc. Of.
Throttle	control
Throttle	With a throttle.
Through	a from end to end or side to side of.
Through	going in one side or end and out the other of.
Through	between or among
Through	from beginning to end of
Through	because of; by the agency, means, or fault of
Through	us up to and including
Through	through a thing; from side to side, end to end, or beginning to end.
Through	so as to be connected by telephone
Through	Done without a change of line or vehicle etc. Or with one ticket.
Through	going through a place to its destination.
Through	open at both ends.
Through	have finished.
Through	cease to have dealings.
Through	have no further prospects. Through and through thoroughly, completely.
Throughout	Right through; from end to end of.
Throughout	In every part or respect.
Throughput	Amount of material put through a process, esp. In manufacturing or computing.
Throw	(past threw;
Throw	Thrown)
Throw	propel with force through the air.
Throw	force violently into, or compel to be in, a specified position or state
Throw	turn or move
Throw	quickly or suddenly
Throw	project or cast
Throw	a bring to the ground in wrestling.
Throw	unseat
Throw	Disconcert
Throw	Put
Throw	Hastily on or off etc.
Throw	a cause
Throw	to fall on a table etc.
Throw	obtain
Throw	by throwing dice.
Throw	cause to pass or extend suddenly to another state or position
Throw	0 operate
Throw	1 form on a potter's wheel.
Throw	2 have
Throw	3 give
Throw	act of throwing or being thrown.
Throw	distance a thing is or may be thrown.
Throw	each; per item
Throw	discard as useless or unwanted.
Throw	waste or fail to make use of
Throw	. Throw back
Throw	revert to ancestral character.
Throw	compel to rely on. Throw in
Throw	interpose
Throw	include at no extra cost.
Throw	throw
Throw	from the edge of the pitch where it has gone out of play. Throw in the towel
Throw	admit defeat. Throw off
Throw	discard; contrive to get rid of.
Throw	write or utter in an offhand manner. Throw oneself at seek blatantly as a sexual partner. Throw oneself into engage vigorously in. Throw oneself on
Throw	rely completely on. Throw open
Throw	cause to be suddenly or widely open.
Throw	make accessible. Throw out
Throw	put out forcibly or suddenly.
Throw	discard as unwanted.
Throw	reject
Throw-away	meant to be thrown away after
Throw-away	use.
Throw-away	spoken in a deliberately casual way.
Throw-away	disposed to throwing things away
Throwback	reversion to ancestral character.
Throwback	instance of this.
Throw-in	Throwing in of a football during play.
Thrum1	play
Thrum1	monotonously or unskilfully.
Thrum1	drum idly.
Thrum1	such playing.
Thrum1	resulting sound.
Thrum2	unwoven end of a warp-thread, or the whole of such ends, left when the finished web is cut away.
Thrum2	any short loose thread.
Thrush1	Any of various songbirds, esp. The song thrush and mistle thrush.
Thrush2	fungous disease, esp. Of children, affecting the mouth and throat.
Thrush2	similar disease of the vagina.
Thrust	(past and
Thrust	Thrust)
Thrust	push with a sudden impulse or with force.
Thrust	impose
Thrust	forcibly; enforce acceptance of
Thrust	pierce, stab; lunge suddenly.
Thrust	make
Thrust	forcibly.
Thrust	(as thrusting
Thrust	) Aggressive, ambitious.
Thrust	sudden or forcible push or lunge.
Thrust	propulsive force produced by a jet or rocket engine.
Thrust	strong attempt to penetrate an enemy's line or territory.
Thrust	remark aimed at a person.
Thrust	stress between the parts of an arch etc.
Thrust	chief theme or gist of remarks etc.
Thud	Low dull sound as of a blow on a non-resonant surface.
Thud	make or fall with a thud.
Thug	violent ruffian.
Thug	hist. Member of a religious organization of robbers and assassins in india.
Thug	Thuggish
Thulium	Metallic element of the lanthanide series.
Thumb	short thick finger on the human hand, set apart from the other four.
Thumb	part of a glove etc. For a thumb.
Thumb	wear or soil
Thumb	With a thumb.
Thumb	turn over pages with or as with a thumb
Thumb	request or get
Thumb	by signalling with a raised thumb.
Thumb	use the thumb in a gesture.
Thumb index	Set of lettered grooves cut down the side of a book for easy reference.
Thumbnail	nail of a thumb.
Thumbnail	Concise
Thumbprint	Impression of a thumb esp. For identification.
Thumbscrew	Instrument of torture for crushing the thumbs.
Thump	beat or strike heavily, esp. With the fist.
Thump	throb strongly.
Thump	Knock loudly.
Thump	heavy blow.
Thump	dull sound of this.
Thumping	huge
Thunder	loud noise caused by lightning and due to the expansion of rapidly heated air.
Thunder	resounding loud deep noise
Thunder	strong censure or denunciation.
Thunder	thunder sounds
Thunder	make or proceed with a noise like thunder.
Thunder	utter
Thunder	Loudly.
Thunder	Make violent threats etc. Against.
Thunderbolt	flash of lightning with a simultaneous crash of thunder.
Thunderbolt	unexpected occurrence or announcement.
Thunderbolt	supposed bolt or shaft as a destructive agent, esp. As an attribute of a god.
Thunderclap	crash of thunder.
Thunderclap	something startling or unexpected.
Thundercloud	Cumulus cloud charged with electricity and producing thunder and lightning.
Thundering	huge
Thunderous	like thunder.
Thunderous	very loud.
Thunderstorm	Storm with thunder and lightning and usu. Heavy rain or hail.
Thunderstruck	Amazed.
Thur.	Thursday.
Thurible	Censer.
Thursday	Day of the week following wednesday.
Thursday	on thursday.
Thursday	on thursdays; each thursday.
Thus	Formal
Thus	a in this way.
Thus	as indicated.
Thus	a accordingly.
Thus	as a result or inference.
Thus	to this extent; so
Thwack	Hit with a heavy blow.
Thwack	Heavy blow.
Thwart	Frustrate or foil
Thwart	Rower's seat.
Thy	(also thine
Thy	Or before a vowel)
Thy	of or belonging to thee.
Thyme	Any of several herbs with aromatic leaves.
Thymol	Antiseptic obtained from oil of thyme.
Thymus	lymphoid organ situated in the neck of vertebrates.
Thyroid	large ductless gland in the neck of vertebrates, secreting a hormone which regulates growth and development.
Thyroid	extract prepared from the thyroid gland of animals and used in treating goitre etc.
Thyroid cartilage	Large cartilage of the larynx, forming the adam's apple.
Thyself	emphat.
Thyself	refl. Form of *thou1, *thee.
Ti	Titanium.
Tiara	jewelled ornamental band worn on the front of a woman's hair.
Tiara	three-crowned diadem worn by a pope.
Tibia	anat. Inner of two bones extending from the knee to the ankle.
Tic	occasional involuntary contraction of the muscles, esp. Of the face.
Tick1	slight recurring click, esp. That of a watch or clock.
Tick1	Moment.
Tick1	mark to denote correctness, check items in a list, etc.
Tick1	Make ticks.
Tick1	a mark with a tick.
Tick1	mark
Tick1	with a tick in checking.
Tick1	Reprimand. Tick over
Tick1	Idle.
Tick1	Be functioning at a basic level. What makes a person tick
Tick1	Person's motivation.
Tick2	parasitic arachnid on the skin of dogs, cattle, etc.
Tick2	parasitic insect on sheep and birds etc.
Tick3	Credit
Tick4	cover of a mattress or pillow.
Ticker	heart.
Ticker	watch.
Ticker	us
Ticker-tape	paper strip from a tape machine.
Ticker-tape	this or similar material thrown from windows etc. To greet a celebrity.
Ticket	written or printed piece of paper or card entitling the holder to enter a place, participate in an event, travel by public transport, etc.
Ticket	notification of a traffic offence etc.
Ticket	certificate of discharge from the army.
Ticket	certificate of qualification as a ship's master, pilot, etc.
Ticket	price etc. Label.
Ticket	esp. Us a list of candidates put forward by one group, esp.
Ticket	political party.
Ticket	principles of a party.
Ticket	What is correct or needed.
Ticket	attach a ticket to.
Ticking	Stout usu. Striped material used to cover mattresses etc.
Tickle	a touch or stroke
Tickle	Playfully or lightly so as to produce laughter and spasmodic movement.
Tickle	produce this sensation.
Tickle	excite agreeably; amuse.
Tickle	catch
Tickle	By rubbing it so that it moves backwards into the hand.
Ticklish	sensitive to tickling.
Ticklish	difficult to handle.
Tick-tack	kind of manual semaphore used by racecourse bookmakers.
Tick-tock	Ticking of a large clock etc.
Tidal	Relating to, like, or affected by tides.
Tidal wave	exceptionally large ocean wave, esp. One caused by an underwater earthquake.
Tidal wave	widespread manifestation of feeling etc.
Tidbit	dainty morsel.
Tidbit	piquant item of news etc.
Tiddler	small fish, esp.
Tiddler	stickleback or minnow.
Tiddler	unusually small thing.
Tiddly1	Slightly drunk.
Tiddly2	Little.
Tiddly-wink	counter flicked with another into a cup etc.
Tiddly-wink	(in
Tiddly-wink	) This game.
Tide	a periodic rise and fall of the sea due to the attraction of the moon and sun.
Tide	water as affected by this.
Tide	time or season (usu. In
Tide	: whitsuntide).
Tide	marked trend of opinion, fortune, or events.
Tidemark	mark made by the tide at high water.
Tidemark	a line left round a bath by the dirty water. B
Tidemark	Line between washed and unwashed parts of a person's body.
Tidetable	Table indicating the times of high and low tides.
Tideway	Tidal part of a river.
Tidings	(as sing. Or
Tidings	or joc. News.
Tidy	neat, orderly.
Tidy	methodical.
Tidy	Considerable
Tidy	receptacle for holding small objects etc.
Tidy	esp. Us cover for a chair-back etc.
Tidy	put in good order; make
Tidy	Tidy.
Tidy	Tidiness
Tie	attach or fasten with string or cord etc.
Tie	a form
Tie	Into a knot or bow.
Tie	form
Tie	in this way.
Tie	restrict
Tie	in some way
Tie	achieve the same score or place as another competitor
Tie	hold
Tie	Together by a crosspiece etc.
Tie	Unite
Tie	by a tie.
Tie	cord or wire etc. Used for fastening.
Tie	strip of material worn round the collar and tied in a knot at the front.
Tie	thing that unites or restricts persons
Tie	draw, dead heat, or equality of score among competitors.
Tie	match between any pair from a group of competing players or teams.
Tie	Rod or beam holding parts of a structure together.
Tie	Curved line above or below two notes of the same pitch indicating that they are to be played without a break between them.
Tie	bind securely with cord etc.
Tie	invest or reserve
Tie	So that it is not immediately available for use.
Tie	= tie in.
Tie	fully occupy
Tie	bring to a satisfactory conclusion.
Tie-break	means of deciding a winner from competitors who have tied.
Tied	occupied subject to the tenant's working for its owner.
Tied	Bound to supply the products of a particular brewery only.
Tie-dye	method of producing dyed patterns by tying string etc. To keep the dye away from parts of the fabric.
Tie-in	connection or association.
Tie-in	joint promotion of related commodities etc. (e.g.
Tie-in	book and a film).
Tie-pin	Ornamental pin for holding a tie in place.
Tier	Row, rank, or unit of a structure, as one of several placed one above another
Tie-up	Connection, association.
Tiff	Slight or petty quarrel.
Tiffin	Ind. Light meal, esp. Lunch.
Tiger	large asian animal of the cat family, with a yellow-brown coat with black stripes.
Tiger	fierce, energetic, or formidable person.
Tiger-cat	Any moderate-sized feline resembling the tiger, e.g. The ocelot.
Tiger lily	Tall garden lily with dark-spotted orange flowers.
Tiger moth	Moth with richly spotted and streaked wings.
Tight	closely held, drawn, fastened, fitting, etc.
Tight	too closely fitting.
Tight	impermeable, impervious, esp. (in
Tight	) To a specified thing
Tight	tense; stretched.
Tight	Drunk.
Tight	Stingy.
Tight	not easily obtainable.
Tight	Stringent, demanding.
Tight	presenting difficulties
Tight	produced by or requiring great exertion or pressure
Tight	Tightly
Tight	Tightness
Tight corner	difficult situation.
Tighten	Make or become tighter.
Tight-fisted	Stingy.
Tight-lipped	With or as with the lips compressed to restrain emotion or speech; determinedly reticent.
Tightrope	Rope stretched tightly high above the ground, on which acrobats perform.
Tights	thin close-fitting wool or nylon etc. Garment covering the legs, feet, and the lower part of the torso, worn by women and girls.
Tights	similar garment worn by a dancer, acrobat, etc.
Tigress	Female tiger.
Tilde	Mark
Tilde	put over a letter, e.g. Over a spanish n when pronounced ny
Tile	thin slab of concrete or baked clay etc. Used for roofing or paving etc.
Tile	similar slab of glazed pottery, cork, linoleum, etc., for covering a wall, floor, etc.
Tile	thin flat piece used in a game
Tile	cover with tiles.
Tile	Having a spree.
Tiling	process of fixing tiles.
Tiling	area of tiles.
Till1	up to or as late as
Till1	up to the time of
Till1	up to the time when
Till1	so long that
Till2	Drawer for money in a shop or bank etc., esp. With a device recording the amount of each purchase.
Till3	Cultivate
Tillage	preparation of land for growing crops.
Tillage	tilled land.
Tiller	Bar fitted to a boat's rudder to turn it in steering.
Tilt	assume a sloping position; heel over.
Tilt	strike, thrust, or run at, with a weapon.
Tilt	engage in a contest.
Tilt	tilting.
Tilt	sloping position.
Tilt	Charging with a lance against an opponent or at a mark.
Tilt	attack, esp. With argument or satire
Tilth	tillage, cultivation.
Tilth	tilled soil.
Timber	wood prepared for building, carpentry, etc.
Timber	piece of wood or beam, esp. As the rib of a vessel.
Timber	large standing trees.
Timber	(esp. As
Timber	) Warning cry that a tree is about to fall.
Timbered	made wholly or partly of timber.
Timbered	wooded.
Timberline	Line or level above which no trees grow.
Timbre	Distinctive character of a musical sound or voice apart from its pitch and volume.
Timbrel	tambourine.
Time	indefinite continued progress of existence, events, etc., in the past, present, and future, regarded as a whole.
Time	progress of this as affecting persons or things.
Time	portion of time belonging to particular events or circumstances
Time	allotted or available portion of time
Time	point of time, esp. In hours and minutes (the time is
Time	.30).
Time	indefinite period.
Time	time or an amount of time as reckoned by a conventional standard
Time	occasion
Time	moment etc. Suitable for a purpose etc.
Time	0 (in
Time	) Expressing multiplication
Time	1 lifetime
Time	2 (in sing. Or
Time	) Conditions of life or of a period
Time	prison sentence
Time	4 apprenticeship
Time	5 period of gestation.
Time	6 date or expected date of childbirth or death.
Time	7 measured time spent in work.
Time	8 a any of several rhythmic patterns of music.
Time	duration of a note.
Time	choose the time for.
Time	do at a chosen or correct time.
Time	arrange the time of arrival of.
Time	ascertain the time taken by.
Time	during the whole of the time referred to
Time	constantly. At one time
Time	in a known but unspecified past period.
Time	simultaneously. At the same time
Time	simultaneously.
Time	nevertheless. At times intermittently. For the time being until some other arrangement is made. Half the time
Time	As often as not. Have no time for
Time	be unable or unwilling to spend time on.
Time	dislike. Have a time of it undergo trouble or difficulty. In no time
Time	very soon.
Time	very quickly. In time
Time	not late, punctual.
Time	eventually.
Time	in accordance with a given rhythm. Keep time move or sing etc. In time. Pass the time of day
Time	Exchange a greeting or casual remarks. Time after time
Time	on many occasions.
Time	in many instances. Time and
Time	again on many occasions. The time of one's life period of exceptional enjoyment. Time out of mind a longer time than anyone can remember. Time was there was a time.
Time and a half	One and a half times the normal rate of payment.
Time-and-motion	(usu.
Time-and-motion	) Measuring the efficiency of industrial and other operations.
Time bomb	Bomb designed to explode at a pre-set time.
Time capsule	Box etc. Containing objects typical of the present time, buried for future discovery.
Time clock	Clock with a device for recording workers' hours of work.
Time exposure	Exposure of photographic film for longer than the slowest normal shutter setting.
Time-honoured	Esteemed by tradition or through custom.
Timekeeper	person who records time, esp. Of workers or in a game.
Timekeeper	a watch or clock as regards accuracy
Timekeeper	person as regards punctuality.
Time-lag	Interval of time between a cause and effect.
Timeless	Not affected by the passage of time.
Timeless	Timelessness
Time-limit	Limit of time within which a task must be done.
Timely	opportune; coming at the right time.
Timepiece	Clock or watch.
Timer	Person or device that measures or records time taken.
Time-served	Having completed a period of apprenticeship or training.
Time-server	Derog. Person who changes his or her view to suit the prevailing circumstances, fashion, etc.
Time-share	Share in a property under a time-sharing scheme.
Time-sharing	use of a holiday home at contractually agreed different times by several joint owners.
Time-sharing	operation of a computer system by several users for different operations at the same time.
Time sheet	Sheet of paper for recording hours of work etc.
Time-shift	Move from one time to another, esp. Record
Time-shift	for later viewing.
Time-shift	Movement from one time to another
Time signal	Audible signal of the exact time of day.
Time signature	Indication of tempo following a clef.
Time switch	Switch acting automatically at a pre-set time.
Timetable	List of times at which events are scheduled to take place, esp. The arrival and departure of transport or a sequence of lessons.
Timetable	include in or arrange to a timetable; schedule.
Time zone	Range of longitudes where a common standard time is used.
Timid	easily frightened; apprehensive.
Timid	Timidly
Timing	way an action or process is timed.
Timing	regulation of the opening and closing of valves in an internal-combustion engine.
Timorous	timid.
Timorous	frightened.
Timpani	pl.
Timpani	kettledrums.
Tin	silvery-white metallic element, used esp. In alloys and in making tin plate.
Tin	container made of tin or tinned iron, esp. Airtight for preserving food.
Tin	seal
Tin	in a tin for preservation.
Tin	cover or coat with tin.
Tin can	Tin container, esp. An empty one.
Tincture	slight flavour or trace.
Tincture	tinge
Tincture	medicinal solution
Tincture	in alcohol
Tincture	colour slightly; tinge, flavour.
Tincture	affect slightly
Tinder	Dry substance that readily catches fire from a spark.
Tinder-box	Hist. Box containing tinder, flint, and steel, formerly used for kindling fires.
Tine	Prong, tooth, or point of a fork, comb, antler, etc.
Tin foil	Foil made of tin, aluminium, or tin alloy, used for wrapping food.
Ting	Tinkling sound as of a bell.
Ting	emit this sound.
Tinge	colour slightly.
Tinge	affect slightly.
Tinge	tendency towards or trace of some colour.
Tinge	slight admixture of a feeling or quality.
Tingle	feel a slight prickling, stinging, or throbbing sensation.
Tingle	cause this
Tingle	Tingling sensation.
Tin hat	Military steel helmet.
Tinker	itinerant mender of kettles and pans etc.
Tinker	scot.
Tinker	ir. Gypsy.
Tinker	Mischievous person or animal.
Tinker	spell of tinkering.
Tinker	work in an amateurish or desultory way.
Tinker	work as a tinker.
Tinkle	make a succession of short light ringing sounds.
Tinkle	tinkling sound.
Tinkle	Telephone call.
Tinnitus	Med. Condition with ringing in the ears.
Tinny	of or like tin.
Tinny	flimsy, insubstantial.
Tinny	thin and metallic.
Tin-opener	Tool for opening tins.
Tin-pan alley	World of composers and publishers of popular music.
Tin plate	Sheet iron or sheet steel coated with tin.
Tinpot	Cheap, inferior.
Tinsel	glittering metallic strips, threads, etc., used as decoration.
Tinsel	superficial brilliance or splendour.
Tinsel	Gaudy, flashy.
Tinsel	Tinselly
Tinsmith	Worker in tin and tin plate.
Tinsnips	Clippers for cutting sheet metal.
Tint	variety of a colour, esp. Made by adding white.
Tint	tendency towards or admixture of a different colour
Tint	faint colour spread over a surface.
Tint	Apply a tint to; colour.
Tin-tack	Iron tack.
Tintinnabulation	Ringing or tinkling of bells.
Tiny	very small or slight.
Tiny	Tininess
Tip1	extremity or end, esp. Of a small or tapering thing.
Tip1	small piece or part attached to the end of a thing.
Tip1	leaf-bud of tea.
Tip1	provide with a tip.
Tip2	a lean or slant.
Tip2	cause to do this.
Tip2	overturn or cause to overbalance.
Tip2	discharge the contents of
Tip2	In this way.
Tip2	a slight push or tilt.
Tip2	light stroke.
Tip2	place where material
Tip2	is tipped.
Tip3	make a small present of money to, esp. For a service given.
Tip3	name as the likely winner of a race or contest etc.
Tip3	strike or touch lightly.
Tip3	small money present, esp. For a service given.
Tip3	piece of private or special information, esp. Regarding betting or investment.
Tip3	small or casual piece of advice.
Tip-off	Hint or warning etc.
Tipper	(often
Tipper	) Road haulage vehicle that tips at the back to discharge its load.
Tippet	long piece of fur etc. Worn by a woman round the shoulders.
Tippet	similar garment worn by judges, clergy, etc.
Tipple	drink intoxicating liquor habitually.
Tipple	drink
Tipple	repeatedly in small amounts.
Tipple	Alcoholic drink.
Tipstaff	sheriff's officer.
Tipstaff	metal-tipped staff carried as a symbol of office.
Tipster	Person who gives tips, esp. About betting at horse-races.
Tipsy	slightly drunk.
Tipsy	caused by or showing intoxication
Tipsy	Tipsiness
Tiptoe	The tips of the toes.
Tiptoe	walk on tiptoe, or very stealthily.
Tiptoe	with the heels off the ground.
Tiptop	Highest in excellence.
Tiptop	Highest point of excellence.
Tiptop	Most excellently.
Tip-up	Able to be tipped, e.g. Of a theatre seat.
Tir	International road transport.
Tirade	Long vehement denunciation or declamation.
Tire1	make or grow weary.
Tire1	exhaust the patience or interest of; bore.
Tire1	have had enough of; be fed up with.
Tire2	Band of metal placed round the rim of a wheel to strengthen it.
Tire3	rubber covering, usu. Inflated, placed round a wheel to form a soft contact with the road.
Tired	weary; ready for sleep.
Tired	Hackneyed.
Tired	Tiredness
Tireless	Not tiring easily, energetic.
Tireless	Tirelessness
Tiresome	wearisome, tedious.
Tiresome	Annoying.
Tiresome	Tiresomeness
Tiro	beginner, novice.
'Tis	it is.
Tissue	any of the coherent collections of specialized cells of which animals or plants are made
Tissue	disposable piece of thin soft absorbent paper for wiping, drying, etc.
Tissue	fine woven esp. Gauzy fabric.
Tissue	connected series
Tissue-paper	Thin soft paper for wrapping etc.
Tit1	Any of various small birds.
Tit3	woman's breast.
Tit3	Nipple.
Titan	person of very great strength, intellect, or importance.
Titanic	Gigantic, colossal.
Titanium	Grey metallic element.
Titbit	dainty morsel.
Titbit	piquant item of news etc.
Titchy	Very small.
Titfer	hat.
Tithe	one-tenth of the annual produce of land or labour, formerly taken as a tax for the church.
Tithe	tenth part.
Tithe	subject to tithes.
Tithe	pay tithes.
Tithe barn	Barn built to hold tithes paid in kind.
Titian	bright auburn.
Titillate	excite, esp. Sexually.
Titillate	tickle.
Titivate	Smarten up; put the finishing touches to.
Title	name of a book, work of art, etc.
Title	heading of a chapter, document, etc.
Title	book, magazine, etc., in terms of its title
Title	(usu. In
Title	) Caption or credit in a film etc.
Title	name indicating a person's status
Title	or used as a form of address or reference
Title	championship in sport.
Title	law a right to ownership of property with or without possession.
Title	facts constituting this.
Title	just or recognized claim.
Titled	Having a title of nobility or rank.
Title-deed	Legal instrument as evidence of a right.
Title-holder	Person who holds a title, esp.
Title-holder	sporting champion.
Title-page	Page at the beginning of a book giving the title, author, etc.
Title role	Part in a play etc. That gives it its name
Titmouse	small active tit.
Titrate	chem. Ascertain the amount of a constituent in
Titrate	by reaction with a known concentration of reagent.
Titter	Laugh covertly; giggle.
Titter	Covert laugh.
Titter	Laugh covertly; giggle.
Titter	Covert laugh.
Tittle	small written or printed stroke or dot.
Tittle	particle; whit
Tittle-tattle	Petty gossip.
Tittle-tattle	gossip, chatter.
Tittup	go about friskily or jerkily; bob up and down; canter.
Tittup	Such a gait or movement.
Titular	of or relating to a title.
Titular	existing, or being, in name or title only
Tizzy	State of agitation
T-junction	Road junction at which one road joins another at right angles without crossing it.
Tl	Thallium.
Tm	Thulium.
Tnt	Trinitrotoluene, a high explosive formed from toluene.
To , before a vowel, when stressed	introducing a noun expressing: a what is reached, approached, or touched
To , before a vowel, when stressed	what is aimed at
To , before a vowel, when stressed	as far as
To , before a vowel, when stressed	what is followed
To , before a vowel, when stressed	what is considered or affected
To , before a vowel, when stressed	what is caused or produced
To , before a vowel, when stressed	what is compared
To , before a vowel, when stressed	what is increased
To , before a vowel, when stressed	. I what is involved or composed as specified
To , before a vowel, when stressed	introducing the infinitive: a as a verbal noun
To , before a vowel, when stressed	expressing purpose, consequence, or cause
To , before a vowel, when stressed	as a substitute for to + infinitive
To , before a vowel, when stressed	in the normal or required position or condition
To , before a vowel, when stressed	in a nearly closed position.
To , before a vowel, when stressed	backwards and forwards.
To , before a vowel, when stressed	repeatedly between the same points.
Toad	froglike amphibian breeding in water but living chiefly on land.
Toad	repulsive person.
Toadflax	Plant with yellow or purple flowers.
Toad-in-the-hole	Sausages baked in batter.
Toadstool	Fungus, usu. Poisonous, with a round top and slender stalk.
Toady	sycophant.
Toady	behave servilely to; fawn upon.
Toast	sliced bread browned on both sides by radiant heat.
Toast	a person or thing in whose honour a company is requested to drink.
Toast	call to drink or an instance of drinking in this way.
Toast	brown by radiant heat.
Toast	warm
Toast	At a fire etc.
Toast	drink to the health or in honour of
Toaster	Electrical device for making toast.
Toasting-fork	Long-handled fork for making toast.
Toastmaster	person responsible for announcing toasts at a public occasion.
Toast rack	Rack for holding slices of toast at table.
Tobacco	plant of american origin with narcotic leaves used for smoking, chewing, or snuff.
Tobacco	its leaves, esp. As prepared for smoking.
Tobacconist	Dealer in tobacco, cigarettes, etc.
Toboggan	Long light narrow sledge for sliding downhill over snow or ice.
Toboggan	Ride on a toboggan.
Toby jug	Jug or mug in the form of a stout man wearing a three-cornered hat.
Toccata	Musical composition for a keyboard instrument, designed to exhibit the performer's touch and technique.
Tocsin	Alarm bell or signal.
Today	on this present day.
Today	nowadays.
Today	this present day.
Today	modern times.
Toddle	walk with short unsteady steps like a small child.
Toddle	walk, stroll.
Toddle	depart.
Toddle	Act of toddling.
Toddler	Child who is just learning to walk.
Toddy	drink of spirits with hot water and sugar etc.
To-do	commotion or fuss.
Toe	any of the five terminal projections of the foot.
Toe	corresponding part of an animal.
Toe	part of a shoe etc. That covers the toes.
Toe	lower end or tip of an implement etc.
Toe	touch
Toe	With the toes.
Toecap	outer covering of the toe of a boot or shoe.
Toe-hold	small foothold.
Toe-hold	small beginning or advantage.
Toenail	Nail of each toe.
Toff	upper-class person.
Toffee	firm or hard sweet made by boiling sugar, butter, etc.
Toffee	this substance.
Toffee	at all
Toffee-apple	Apple with a coating of toffee.
Toffee-nosed	snobbish, superior.
Tofu	Curd of mashed soya beans.
Tog1	(usu. In
Tog1	) Item of clothing.
Tog1	dress.
Tog2	Unit of thermal resistance used to express the insulating properties of clothes and quilts.
Toga	Hist. Ancient roman citizen's loose flowing outer garment.
Together	in company or conjunction
Together	simultaneously
Together	one with another
Together	into conjunction; so as to unite
Together	into company or companionship.
Together	uninterruptedly
Together	Well-organized; self-assured; emotionally stable.
Togetherness	being together.
Togetherness	feeling of comfort from this.
Toggle	fastener for a garment consisting of a crosspiece which passes through a hole or loop.
Toggle	computing switch action that is operated the same way but with opposite effect on successive occasions.
Toggle switch	Electric switch with a lever to be moved usu. Up and down.
Toil	work laboriously or incessantly.
Toil	make slow painful progress.
Toil	Intensive labour; drudgery.
Toilet	process of washing oneself, dressing, etc.
Toilet paper	Paper for cleaning oneself after excreting.
Toilet roll	Roll of toilet paper.
Toiletry	(usu. In
Toiletry	) Article or cosmetic used in washing, dressing, etc.
Toilet soap	Soap for washing oneself.
Toilet-training	Training of a young child to use the lavatory.
Toilet water	Dilute perfume used after washing.
Toils	pl. Net, snare.
Toilsome	Involving toil.
Toing and froing	Constant movement to and fro; bustle; dispersed activity.
Tokay	sweet hungarian wine.
Token	thing serving as a symbol, reminder, or mark
Token	voucher.
Token	thing equivalent to something else, esp. Money.
Token	perfunctory
Token	conducted briefly to demonstrate strength of feeling
Token	chosen by tokenism to represent a group
Tokenism	granting of minimum concessions, esp. To minority groups.
Tokenism	making of only a token effort.
Tolerable	endurable.
Tolerable	fairly good.
Tolerance	willingness or ability to tolerate; forbearance.
Tolerance	allowable variation in any measurable property.
Tolerant	disposed to tolerate others or their acts or opinions.
Tolerant	enduring or patient.
Tolerate	allow the existence or occurrence of without authoritative interference.
Tolerate	endure
Tolerate	find or treat as endurable.
Tolerate	be able to take or undergo
Tolerate	Without adverse effects.
Toleration	Tolerating or being tolerated, esp. The allowing of religious differences without discrimination.
Toll1	charge to use a bridge, road, etc.
Toll1	cost or damage caused by a disaster etc.
Toll2	sound with slow uniform strokes.
Toll2	ring
Toll2	in this way.
Toll2	announce or mark
Toll2	In this way.
Toll2	strike
Toll2	tolling.
Toll2	stroke of a bell.
Toll-bridge	Bridge at which a toll is charged.
Toll-gate	Gate preventing passage until a toll is paid.
Toll-road	Road maintained by the tolls collected on it.
Toluene	Colourless aromatic liquid hydrocarbon derivative of benzene, used in the manufacture of explosives etc.
Tom	male cat.
Tomahawk	American indian war-axe.
Tomato	glossy red or yellow pulpy edible fruit.
Tomato	plant bearing this.
Tomb	burial-vault.
Tomb	grave.
Tomb	sepulchral monument.
Tombola	Lottery with tickets drawn from a drum for immediate prizes.
Tomboy	Boisterous girl who enjoys activities traditionally associated with boys.
Tombstone	Memorial stone over a grave, usu. With an epitaph.
Tom, dick, and harry	person taken at random
Tome	Heavy book or volume.
Tomfool	Foolish person.
Tomfool	Silly, foolish.
Tomfoolery	Foolish behaviour.
Tommy	British private soldier.
Tommy-gun	Sub-machine-gun.
Tommy-rot	nonsense.
Tomography	Method of radiography displaying details in a selected plane within the body.
Tomorrow	on the day after today.
Tomorrow	at some future time.
Tomorrow	the day after today.
Tomorrow	the near future.
Tomtit	Tit, esp.
Tomtit	blue tit.
Tom-tom	primitive drum beaten with the hands.
Tom-tom	tall drum used in jazz bands etc.
Ton	unit of weight equal to
Ton	,240 lb
Ton	unit of weight equal to
Ton	,000 lb
Ton	unit of measurement of a ship's weight or volume.
Ton	(usu. In
Ton	Large number or amount
Ton	a speed of
Ton	00 m.p.h.
Ton	£100.
Ton	Be very heavy.
Tonal	Of or relating to tone or tonality.
Tonality	relationship between the tones of a musical scale.
Tonality	observance of a single tonic key as the basis of a composition.
Tonality	colour scheme of a picture.
Tone	musical or vocal sound, esp. With reference to its pitch, quality, and strength.
Tone	(often in
Tone	) Modulation of the voice expressing a particular feeling or mood
Tone	manner of expression in writing or speaking.
Tone	musical sound, esp. Of a definite pitch and character.
Tone	interval of a major second, e.g. C–d.
Tone	a general effect of colour or of light and shade in a picture.
Tone	tint or shade of a colour.
Tone	prevailing character of the morals and sentiments etc. In a group.
Tone	proper firmness of the body.
Tone	state of good or specified health.
Tone	give the desired tone to.
Tone	modify the tone of.
Tone	attune.
Tone	be in harmony with.
Tone	Tonelessly
Tone	Toner
Tone-deaf	Unable to perceive differences of musical pitch accurately.
Tone poem	Orchestral composition with a descriptive or rhapsodic theme.
Tongs	pl. Implement with two arms for grasping coal, sugar, etc.
Tongue	fleshy muscular organ in the mouth used in tasting, licking, and swallowing, and
Tongue	for speech.
Tongue	tongue of an ox etc. As food.
Tongue	faculty of or tendency in speech
Tongue	particular language
Tongue	thing like a tongue in shape or position, esp.: a a long low promontory.
Tongue	a strip of leather etc. Under the laces in a shoe.
Tongue	the clapper of a bell.
Tongue	the pin of a buckle.
Tongue	a projecting strip on a board etc. Fitting into the groove of another.
Tongue	use the tongue to articulate
Tongue	in playing a wind instrument.
Tongue-and-groove	(often
Tongue-and-groove	) Planking etc. With a projecting strip down one side and a groove down the other.
Tongue-and-groove	panel with tongue-and-groove.
Tongue-and-groove	(as tongued and grooved
Tongue-and-groove	) Having a tongue-and-groove joint.
Tongue-in-cheek	Ironic.
Tongue-in-cheek	Insincerely or ironically.
Tongue-tie	Speech impediment due to a malformation of the tongue.
Tongue-tied	too shy or embarrassed to speak.
Tongue-tied	having a tongue-tie.
Tongue-twister	Sequence of words difficult to pronounce quickly and correctly.
Tonic	invigorating medicine.
Tonic	anything serving to invigorate.
Tonic	Keynote.
Tonic	Invigorating.
Tonic sol-fa	System of notation used esp. In teaching singing.
Tonic water	Carbonated water flavoured with quinine.
Tonight	On the present or approaching evening or night.
Tonight	The evening or night of the present day.
Tonnage	ship's internal cubic capacity or freight-carrying capacity.
Tonnage	charge per ton on freight or cargo.
Tonsil	Either of two small organs, one on each side of the root of the tongue.
Tonsillectomy	surgical removal of the tonsils.
Tonsillitis	Inflammation of the tonsils.
Tonsorial	Usu. Joc. Of a hairdresser or hairdressing.
Tonsure	shaving of the crown of the head or the entire head, esp. Of a person entering the priesthood or a monastic order.
Tonsure	bare patch made in this way.
Tonsure	give a tonsure to.
Ton-up	achieving a speed of
Ton-up	00 m.p.h., esp. Habitually.
Too	to a greater extent than is desirable or permissible
Too	Very
Too	in addition
Too	moreover
Too	more than a match for.
Too	beyond what is endurable by. Too right see *right.
Tool	implement used to carry out mechanical functions by hand or by machine.
Tool	thing used in an occupation or pursuit
Tool	person merely used by another.
Tool	penis.
Tool	dress
Tool	with a chisel.
Tool	impress a design on
Tool	drive or ride, esp. In a casual or leisurely manner.
Toolmaker	Person who makes precision tools.
Tool-pusher	Worker directing the drilling on an oil rig.
Toot	Short sharp sound as made by a trumpet.
Toot	sound
Toot	With a short sharp sound.
Toot	give out such a sound.
Tooth	each of a set of hard bony enamel-coated structures in the jaws of most vertebrates, used for biting and chewing.
Tooth	toothlike part or projection, e.g. The cog of a gearwheel, the point of a saw or comb, etc.
Tooth	taste; appetite.
Tooth	(in
Tooth	) Force, effectiveness.
Tooth	in spite of
Tooth	contrary to
Tooth	directly against
Tooth	(also in
Tooth	). Toothless
Toothache	Pain in a tooth or teeth.
Toothbrush	Brush for cleaning the teeth.
Toothpaste	Paste for cleaning the teeth.
Toothpick	Small sharp stick for removing food lodged between the teeth.
Tooth powder	Powder for cleaning the teeth.
Toothsome	delicious.
Toothy	having large, numerous, or prominent teeth.
Tootle	toot gently or repeatedly.
Tootle	Move casually.
Tootsy	usu. Joc. Foot.
Top1	highest point or part.
Top1	a highest rank or place.
Top1	person occupying this.
Top1	upper end or head
Top1	upper surface or part of a thing.
Top1	stopper of a bottle, lid of a jar, etc.
Top1	garment for the upper part of the body.
Top1	utmost degree; height
Top1	(in
Top1	Person or thing of the best quality.
Top1	(esp. In
Top1	) Leaves etc. Of a plant grown esp. For its root
Top1	Platform round the head of the lower mast.
Top1	highest in position.
Top1	highest in degree or importance.
Top1	provide with a top, cap, etc.
Top1	be higher or better than; surpass; be at the top of
Top1	reach the top of
Top1	kill.
Top1	golf hit
Top1	above the centre.
Top1	fully in command of.
Top1	in close proximity to.
Top1	in addition to. On top of the world
Top1	Exuberant. Over the top
Top1	over the parapet of a trench
Top1	beyond what is normally acceptable
Top1	. Top off
Top1	put an end or the finishing touch to.
Top2	Toy spinning on a point when set in motion.
Topaz	Transparent mineral, usu. Yellow, used as a gem.
Top brass	Highest-ranking officers.
Topcoat	overcoat.
Topcoat	outer coat of paint etc.
Top dog	Victor; master.
Top drawer	High social position or origin.
Top-dress	Apply fertilizer on the top of
Top-dress	instead of ploughing it in.
Tope	or literary drink alcohol to excess, esp. Habitually.
Top-flight	Of the highest rank of achievement.
Topgallant	Mast, sail, yard, or rigging immediately above the topmast and topsail.
Top gear	Highest gear.
Top hat	Tall silk hat.
Top-heavy	Disproportionately heavy at the top.
Topi	hat, esp.
Topi	sola topi.
Topiary	Concerned with or formed by clipping shrubs, trees, etc. Into ornamental shapes.
Topiary	Topiary art.
Topic	Subject of a discourse, conversation, or argument.
Topical	Dealing with the news, current affairs, etc.
Topical	Topically
Topknot	Knot, tuft, crest, or bow of ribbon, worn or growing on the head.
Topless	without a top.
Topless	having no upper part.
Topless	(of esp.
Topless	woman) bare-breasted.
Topless	where women go topless; employing bare-breasted women.
Top-level	Of the highest level of importance, prestige, etc.
Topmast	Mast next above the lower mast.
Top-notch	First-rate.
Topography	detailed description, representation on a map, etc., of the features of a town, district, etc.
Topography	such features.
Topography	Topographical
Topology	The study of geometrical properties unaffected by changes of shape or size.
Topping	excellent.
Topping	Thing that tops another thing, esp. Sauce on a dessert etc.
Topple	fall as if top-heavy.
Topple	overthrow.
Topsail	Square sail next above the lowest; fore-and-aft sail on a gaff.
Top secret	Of the highest secrecy.
Topside	outer side of a round of beef.
Topside	side of a ship above the water-line.
Topsoil	Top layer of soil.
Topspin	Spinning motion imparted to a ball in tennis etc. By hitting it forward and upward.
Topsy-turvy	upside down.
Topsy-turvy	in utter confusion.
Top-up	Addition; something that serves to top up.
Toque	Woman's small brimless hat.
Tor	Hill or rocky peak.
Torch	portable battery-powered electric lamp.
Torch	thing lit for illumination.
Torch	source of heat, illumination, or enlightenment.
Torchlight	Light of a torch or torches.
Torch song	Popular song of unrequited love.
Toreador	Bullfighter, esp. On horseback.
Torment	severe physical or mental suffering.
Torment	cause of this.
Torment	subject to torment.
Torment	tease or worry excessively.
Tormentil	Low-growing plant with bright yellow flowers.
Torn	Of *tear1.
Tornado	violent storm of small extent with whirling winds.
Torpedo	cigar-shaped self-propelled underwater missile that explodes on impact with a ship.
Torpedo	similar device dropped from an aircraft.
Torpedo	destroy or attack with a torpedo.
Torpedo	destroy or damage
Torpedo-boat	Small fast warship armed with torpedoes.
Torpid	sluggish, inactive, apathetic.
Torpid	numb.
Torpid	dormant.
Torpor	Torpid condition.
Torque	mech. Twisting or rotating force, esp. In a machine.
Torque	hist. Necklace of twisted metal, esp. Of the ancient gauls and britons.
Torr	unit of pressure equal to
Torr	33.32 pascals
Torrent	rushing stream of liquid.
Torrent	(in
Torrent	) Great downpour of rain.
Torrent	violent or copious flow
Torrid	very hot and dry.
Torrid	Parched by such weather.
Torrid	passionate, intense.
Torrid zone	The part of the earth between the tropics of cancer and capricorn.
Torsion	Twisting, esp. Of one end of a body while the other is held fixed.
Torso	trunk of the human body.
Torso	statue of this.
Tort	Law breach of duty
Tort	leading to liability for damages.
Tortilla	Thin flat orig. Mexican maize cake eaten hot.
Tortoise	Slow-moving reptile with a horny domed shell.
Tortoiseshell	yellowish-brown mottled or clouded outer shell of some turtles.
Tortoiseshell	Having the colouring or appearance of tortoiseshell.
Tortoiseshell butterfly	Butterfly with wings mottled like tortoiseshell.
Tortoiseshell cat	Domestic cat with markings resembling tortoiseshell.
Tortuous	full of twists and turns.
Tortuous	devious, circuitous.
Torture	infliction of severe bodily pain, esp. As a punishment or means of persuasion.
Torture	severe physical or mental suffering.
Torture	subject to torture.
Torture	Torturous
Tory	hist. Member of the party that gave rise to the conservative party
Tosa	Dog of a breed of mastiff, orig. Kept for dog-fighting.
Tosh	Rubbish, nonsense.
Toss	throw up
Toss	, esp. With the hand.
Toss	roll about, throw, or be thrown, restlessly or from side to side.
Toss	Throw
Toss	lightly or carelessly.
Toss	a throw
Toss	into the air to decide a choice etc. By the side on which it lands.
Toss	settle a question or dispute with
Toss	in this way.
Toss	Throw
Toss	Up with the horns.
Toss	coat
Toss	with dressing etc. By shaking it.
Toss	act of tossing
Toss	fall, esp. From a horse.
Toss	drink off at a draught.
Toss	dispatch
Toss	rapidly or without effort.
Toss	masturbate. Toss up toss a coin.
Toss-up	doubtful matter.
Toss-up	tossing of a coin.
Tot1	small child.
Tot1	dram of liquor.
Tot2	add
Tot2	mount up.
Total	complete, comprising the whole
Total	absolute, unqualified
Total	Total number or amount.
Total	a amount in number to.
Total	find the total of.
Total	amount to.
Totalitarian	Of a one-party form of government requiring complete subservience to the state.
Totality	complete amount.
Totality	time during which an eclipse is total.
Totalizator	device showing the number and amount of bets staked on a race, to facilitate the division of the total among those backing the winner.
Totalizator	system of betting based on this.
Totalize	collect into a total; find the total of.
Totally	Completely.
Tote1	totalizator.
Tote2	esp. Us
Tote2	Carry, convey
Tote bag	Woman's large bag for shopping etc.
Totem	natural object, esp. An animal, adopted esp. By
Totem	American indians as an emblem of a clan or individual.
Totem	image of this.
Totem-pole	Pole on which totems are carved or hung.
T'other	Dial. Or joc. The other.
Totter	stand or walk unsteadily or feebly.
Totter	Shake as if about to collapse.
Totter	Be about to fall.
Totter	Unsteady or shaky movement or gait.
Totting-up	adding of separate items.
Totting-up	adding up of convictions for driving offences, possibly resulting in disqualification.
Toucan	Tropical american fruit-eating bird with an immense beak.
Touch	come into or be in physical contact with
Touch	bring the hand etc. Into contact with.
Touch	bring
Touch	into mutual contact.
Touch	rouse tender or painful feelings in.
Touch	strike lightly.
Touch	disturb, harm, or affect.
Touch	have any dealings with.
Touch	consume, use
Touch	concern.
Touch	a reach as far as, esp. Momentarily.
Touch	Approach in excellence etc.
Touch	modify
Touch	0 (as touched
Touch	Slightly mad.
Touch	1 (usu. Foll.
Touch-and-go	Critical, risky.
Touchdown	Act of touching down by an aircraft.
Touché	acknowledgement of a justified accusation or retort.
Touché	acknowledgement of a hit by a fencing-opponent.
Touching	Moving; pathetic.
Touching	Literary concerning.
Touch-line	either of the lines marking the side boundaries of the pitch.
Touch-paper	Paper impregnated with nitre, for igniting etc.
Touchstone	dark schist or jasper used for testing alloys by marking it with them.
Touchstone	criterion.
Touch-type	Type without looking at the keys.
Touchwood	Readily inflammable wood etc., esp. When made soft by fungi.
Touchy	apt to take offence; over-sensitive.
Touchy	Touchiness
Tough	hard to break, cut, tear, or chew.
Tough	able to endure hardship; hardy.
Tough	unyielding, stubborn, difficult
Tough	acting sternly; hard
Tough	Severe, hard.
Tough	Criminal or violent.
Tough	Tough person, esp.
Tough	ruffian.
Tough	Toughness
Toupee	Hairpiece to cover a bald spot.
Tour	a journey from place to place as a holiday; sightseeing excursion.
Tour	a walk round; inspection
Tour	spell of duty on military or diplomatic service.
Tour	series of performances, matches, etc., at different places.
Tour	make a tour.
Tour	make a tour of
Tour de force	outstanding feat or performance.
Tourer	Car or caravan for touring in.
Tourism	Commercial organization and operation of holidays.
Tourist	holiday-maker, esp. Abroad (often
Tourist	: tourist season).
Tourist	member of a touring sports team.
Tourist class	Lowest class of passenger accommodation in a ship, aircraft, etc.
Touristy	Usu. Derog. Appealing to or visited by many tourists.
Tourmaline	Mineral of various colours used as a gemstone.
Tournament	large contest of many rounds
Tournament	display of military exercises etc.
Tournament	hist. Pageant with jousting.
Tournedos	small round thick cut from a fillet of beef.
Tourney	tournament.
Tourney	take part in a tournament.
Tourniquet	Device for stopping the flow of blood through an artery by constriction.
Tour operator	Travel agent specializing in package holidays.
Tousle	make
Tousle	untidy.
Tousle	handle roughly.
Tout	solicit custom persistently; pester customers.
Tout	solicit the custom of
Tout	or for
Tout	, esp. Sell
Tout	at a price higher than the official one.
Tout	spy out the movements and condition of racehorses in training.
Tout	Person who touts, esp. Tickets.
Tow1	Pull
Tow1	Along by a rope etc.
Tow1	Towing or being towed.
Tow1	be towing.
Tow1	be accompanied by and often in charge of
Tow1	. On tow being towed.
Tow2	part of flax or hemp prepared for spinning.
Towards	in the direction of
Towards	as regards; in relation to
Towards	as a contribution to; for
Towards	near
Tow-bar	Bar for towing esp.
Tow-bar	caravan.
Towel	Absorbent cloth or paper etc. Used for drying after washing.
Towel	Wipe or dry with a towel.
Towelling	Thick soft absorbent cloth, used esp. For towels.
Tower	tall structure, often part of a church, castle, etc.
Tower	fortress etc. With a tower.
Tower	tall structure housing machinery etc.
Tower	reach or be high or above; be superior.
Tower	(as towering
Tower	high, lofty
Tower	violent
Tower block	Tall building containing offices or flats.
Tower of strength	Person who gives strong emotional support.
Tow-headed	Having very light or unkempt hair.
Town	a densely populated built-up defined area, between a city and a village in size.
Town	densely populated area, esp. As opposed to the country.
Town	a london or the chief city or town in an area
Town	central business area in a neighbourhood.
Town	Do something with great energy or enthusiasm. On the town
Town	Enjoying night-life in a town.
Town clerk	hist. Official in charge of the records etc. Of a town.
Town gas	Manufactured gas for domestic and commercial use.
Town hall	Headquarters of local government, with public meeting rooms etc.
Town house	town residence, esp. Of a person with a house in the country.
Town house	terrace house.
Town house	house in a planned group in a town.
Townie	derog. Town inhabitant ignorant of country life.
Town planning	Planning of the construction and growth of towns.
Townscape	visual appearance of a town or towns.
Townscape	picture of a town.
Townsfolk	Inhabitants of a town or towns.
Township	s.afr. Urban area set aside for black occupation.
Township	can.
Township	division of a county.
Township	district six miles square.
Township	hist. Small town or village forming part of a large parish.
Township	austral.
Township	nz small town.
Townsman	inhabitant of a town.
Townspeople	pl. People of a town.
Tow-path	Path by a river or canal, orig. Used for towing a boat by horse.
Toxaemia	blood-poisoning.
Toxaemia	increased blood pressure in pregnancy.
Toxemia	blood-poisoning.
Toxemia	increased blood pressure in pregnancy.
Toxic	poisonous.
Toxic	of poison.
Toxicology	The study of poisons.
Toxicology	Toxicologist
Toxin	Poison produced by a living organism.
Toxocara	Parasitic worm in dogs and cats.
Toxocariasis	Disease resulting from infection by the toxocara.
Toy	plaything.
Toy	thing regarded as providing amusement.
Toy	(usu.
Toy	) Diminutive breed of dog etc.
Toy	trifle, amuse oneself, flirt.
Toy	move a thing idly.
Toy boy	Woman's much younger boyfriend.
Toyshop	Shop selling toys.
Trace1	a observe or find vestiges or signs of by investigation.
Trace1	Follow or mark the track or position of.
Trace1	follow to its origins.
Trace1	copy
Trace1	By drawing over its lines on superimposed translucent paper.
Trace1	mark out, delineate, sketch, or write, esp. Laboriously.
Trace1	make one's way along
Trace1	a indication of something having existed; vestige.
Trace1	very small quantity.
Trace1	track or footprint.
Trace1	track left by the moving pen of an instrument etc.
Trace2	Each of the two side-straps, chains, or ropes by which a horse draws a vehicle.
Trace element	Chemical element required only in minute amounts by living organisms for normal growth.
Tracer	bullet etc. That is visible in flight because of flames etc. Emitted.
Tracer	artificial radioactive isotope which can be followed through the body by the radiation it produces.
Tracery	ornamental stone openwork, esp. In the upper part of a gothic window.
Tracery	fine decorative pattern.
Trachea	windpipe.
Tracheotomy	incision of the trachea to relieve an obstruction.
Tracing	traced copy of a drawing etc.
Tracing	act of tracing.
Tracing-paper	Translucent paper for making tracings.
Track	a mark
Track	left by a person, animal, vehicle, etc.
Track	) Such marks, esp. Footprints.
Track	rough path, esp. One beaten by use.
Track	continuous railway line.
Track	a racecourse; circuit.
Track	prepared course for runners etc.
Track	a groove on a gramophone record.
Track	section of a record, cd, or magnetic tape containing one song etc.
Track	lengthwise strip of magnetic tape containing a single sequence of signals.
Track	line of travel
Track	band round the wheels of a tank etc.
Track	line of thought or action.
Track	follow the track of.
Track	trace
Track	By vestiges.
Track	move in relation to the subject being filmed.
Track	Where one stands, instantly
Track	. Keep
Track	track of follow
Track	the course of. Make tracks
Track	Depart. Make tracks for
Track	Go in pursuit of or towards. Off the track away from the subject. Track down reach or capture by tracking.
Tracker dog	Police dog tracking by scent.
Track events	pl. Running-races as opposed to jumping etc.
Track record	Person's past performance.
Track shoe	Runner's spiked shoe.
Track suit	Loose warm suit worn for exercising etc.
Tract1	stretch or extent of territory, esp. Large.
Tract1	bodily organ or system
Tract2	Pamphlet, esp. Propagandist.
Tractable	easily handled; manageable.
Traction	act of hauling or pulling a thing over a surface.
Traction	sustained therapeutic pulling on a limb etc. With pulleys, weights, etc.
Traction-engine	Steam or diesel engine for drawing heavy loads on roads, fields, etc.
Tractor	vehicle used for pulling farm machinery etc.
Tractor	traction-engine.
Trad	Traditional jazz.
Trad	Traditional.
Trade	a buying and selling.
Trade	this between nations etc.
Trade	business conducted for profit
Trade	business of a specified nature or time
Trade	skilled craft practised professionally.
Trade	people engaged in a specific trade
Trade	us transaction, esp.
Trade	swap.
Trade	(usu. In
Trade	) Trade wind.
Trade	engage in trade; buy and sell.
Trade	a exchange in commerce.
Trade	exchange
Trade	us swap.
Trade	have a transaction with a person for a thing.
Trade	used car) in part payment for another. Trade off exchange, esp. As a compromise. Trade on take advantage of.
Trade	Tradeable
Trade-in	Thing given in part exchange for another.
Trade mark	device or name secured by law or custom as representing a company, product, etc.
Trade mark	distinctive characteristic etc.
Trade name	name by which a thing is called in a trade.
Trade name	name given to a product.
Trade name	name under which a business trades.
Trade-off	Balance, compromise.
Trade price	Price charged to the retailer.
Trader	person engaged in trade.
Trader	merchant ship.
Tradescantia	plant with large blue, white, or pink flowers.
Trade secret	secret device or technique used esp. In a trade.
Trade secret	joc. Any secret.
Tradesman	person engaged in trade, esp.
Tradesman	shopkeeper.
Tradespeople	pl. People engaged in trade.
Trades union congress	Official representative body of british trade unions.
Trade union	organized association of workers in a trade, profession, etc., formed to protect and further their rights and interests.
Trade union	Trade-unionist
Trade wind	Wind blowing continually towards the equator and deflected westward.
Trading	Act of engaging in trade.
Trading estate	Specially-designed industrial and commercial area.
Trading post	Store etc. In a remote or unsettled region.
Trading-stamp	Stamp given to customers by some shops and exchangeable in large numbers for goods or cash.
Tradition	a custom, opinion, or belief handed down to posterity.
Tradition	this process of handing down.
Tradition	artistic, literary, etc. Principles based on experience and practice; any one of these.
Traditional	of, based on, or obtained by tradition.
Traditional	in the style of the early
Traditional	0th c.
Traditionalism	Respect or support for tradition.
Traduce	speak ill of; misrepresent.
Traduce	Traducer
Traffic	vehicles moving on a public highway or in the air or at sea.
Traffic	trade, esp. Illegal
Traffic	coming and going of people or goods by road, rail, air, sea, etc.
Traffic	dealings between people etc.
Traffic	messages etc. Transmitted through a communications system; volume of this.
Traffic	deal in something, esp. Illegally.
Traffic	deal in; barter.
Traffic island	Raised area in a road to divide traffic streams and for pedestrians to use in crossing.
Traffic jam	Traffic at a standstill because of roadworks, an accident, etc.
Traffic-light	(also traffic-lights
Traffic-light	pl.) Signal controlling road traffic by coloured lights.
Traffic warden	Official employed to help control road traffic and esp. Parking.
Tragedian	writer of tragedies.
Tragedian	actor in tragedy.
Tragedy	serious accident, disaster, etc.; sad event.
Tragedy	a play dealing with tragic events and ending unhappily, esp. With the downfall of the protagonist.
Tragedy	such plays as a genre.
Tragic	disastrous; greatly distressing; very sad.
Tragic	of tragedy.
Tragicomedy	play or situation with a mixture of comedy and tragedy.
Trail	track or scent left by a moving thing, person, etc.
Trail	beaten path, esp. Through a wild region.
Trail	long line of people or things following behind something.
Trail	part dragging behind a thing or person.
Trail	draw or be drawn along behind, esp. On the ground.
Trail	walk wearily.
Trail	follow the trail of; pursue.
Trail	be losing in a contest
Trail	peter out; tail off.
Trail	Grow or hang over a wall, along the ground, etc.
Trail	hang loosely.
Trail	Drag
Trail	Along wearily etc.
Trail-blazer	person who marks a new track through wild country.
Trail-blazer	pioneer.
Trailer	set of brief extracts from a film etc., used to advertise it in advance.
Trailer	vehicle towed by another, esp.: a the rear section of an articulated lorry.
Trailer	an open cart.
Trailer	a platform for transporting a boat etc.
Trailer	us a caravan.
Trailing edge	Rear edge of an aircraft's wing etc.
Train	Teach
Train	specified skill, esp. By practice.
Train	undergo this process
Train	bring or come to physical efficiency by exercise, diet, etc.
Train	guide the growth of
Train	(usu. As trained
Train	) Make
Train	Discerning through practice etc.
Train	point or aim
Train	At an object etc.
Train	series of railway carriages or trucks drawn by an engine.
Train	thing dragged along behind or forming the back part of a dress, robe, etc.
Train	succession or series of people, things, events, etc.
Train	body of followers; retinue.
Train-bearer	Person holding up the train of a robe etc.
Trainer	person who trains horses, athletes, footballers, etc.
Trainer	aircraft or simulator used to train pilots.
Trainer	soft running shoe.
Training	Process of teaching or learning a skill etc.
Train-spotter	Person who collects locomotive numbers as a hobby.
Traipse	tramp or trudge wearily.
Traipse	Tedious journey on foot.
Trait	Characteristic.
Traitor	person who is treacherous or disloyal, esp. To his or her country.
Trajectory	path of an object moving under given forces.
Tram	electrically-powered passenger road vehicle running on rails.
Tram	four-wheeled vehicle used in coalmines.
Tramlines	rails for a tramcar.
Tramlines	Pair of long parallel lines at the sides of a tennis or badminton court.
Trammel	(usu. In
Trammel	) Impediment; hindrance
Trammel	triple drag-net for fishing.
Trammel	hamper.
Tramp	a walk heavily and firmly.
Tramp	go on foot, esp.
Tramp	distance.
Tramp	a cross on foot, esp. Wearily or reluctantly.
Tramp	cover
Tramp	in this way.
Tramp	tread on; trample; stamp on.
Tramp	live as a tramp.
Tramp	itinerant vagrant or beggar.
Tramp	sound of a person, or esp. People, walking, marching, etc.
Tramp	long walk.
Tramp	derog. Promiscuous woman.
Trample	tread under foot.
Trample	press down or crush in this way.
Trample	tread heavily on.
Trample	treat roughly or with contempt.
Trampoline	Strong fabric sheet connected by springs to a horizontal frame, used for gymnastic jumping.
Trampoline	use a trampoline.
Tramway	Rails for a tram.
Trance	a sleeplike state without response to stimuli.
Trance	hypnotic or cataleptic state.
Trance	such a state as entered into by a medium.
Trance	rapture, ecstasy.
Tranny	Transistor radio.
Tranquil	Calm, serene, undisturbed.
Tranquil	Tranquilly
Tranquilize	make tranquil, esp. By a drug etc.
Tranquilizer	drug used to diminish anxiety.
Tranquillize	make tranquil, esp. By a drug etc.
Tranquillizer	drug used to diminish anxiety.
Trans- 	across, beyond.
Trans- 	on or to the other side of.
Trans- 	through.
Transact	Perform or carry through
Transaction	a piece of esp. Commercial business done.
Transaction	transacting of business etc.
Transaction	(in
Transaction	) Published reports of discussions, papers read, etc., at the meetings of a learned society.
Transalpine	On the north side of the alps.
Transatlantic	beyond the atlantic, esp.: a american.
Transatlantic	us european.
Transatlantic	crossing the atlantic.
Transceiver	Combined radio transmitter and receiver.
Transcend	be beyond the range or grasp of
Transcend	excel; surpass.
Transcendent	excelling, surpassing.
Transcendent	transcending human experience.
Transcendent	existing apart from, not subject to the limitations of, the material universe.
Transcendent	Transcendency
Transcendental	philos.
Transcendental	priori, not based on experience; intuitively accepted; innate in the mind.
Transcendental	a visionary, abstract.
Transcendental	vague, obscure.
Transcendentalism	Transcendental philosophy.
Transcendental meditation	Method of detaching oneself from problems, anxiety, etc., by silent meditation and repetition of a mantra.
Transcontinental	Extending across a continent.
Transcribe	copy out.
Transcribe	write out
Transcribe	In full.
Transcribe	record for subsequent reproduction.
Transcribe	arrange
Transcribe	for a different instrument etc.
Transcribe	Transcription
Transcript	Written copy.
Transducer	Any device for converting a non-electrical signal into an electrical one, e.g. Pressure into voltage.
Transept	part of a cross-shaped church at right angles to the nave.
Transept	either arm of this.
Transfer	a convey, remove, or hand over
Transfer	make over the possession of
Transfer	To a person.
Transfer	change or move to another group, club, department, etc.
Transfer	change from one station, route, etc., to another on a journey.
Transfer	convey
Transfer	from one surface to another.
Transfer	change
Transfer	by extension or metaphor.
Transfer	transferring or being transferred.
Transfer	design etc. Conveyed or to be conveyed from one surface to another.
Transfer	football player etc. Who is transferred.
Transfer	document effecting conveyance of property, a right, etc.
Transference	transferring or being transferred.
Transference	psychol. Redirection of childhood emotions to a new object, esp. To a psychoanalyst.
Transfiguration	change of form or appearance.
Transfiguration	a christ's appearance in radiant glory to three of his disciples (matt.
Transfiguration	7:2, mark
Transfiguration	:2–3).
Transfiguration	festival of christ's transfiguration,
Transfiguration	august.
Transfigure	change in form or appearance, esp. So as to elevate or idealize.
Transfix	paralyse with horror or astonishment.
Transfix	pierce with a sharp implement or weapon.
Transform	make a thorough or dramatic change in the form, appearance, character, etc., of.
Transform	change the voltage etc. Of
Transformer	Apparatus for reducing or increasing the voltage of an alternating current.
Transfuse	a transfer
Transfuse	from one person or animal to another.
Transfuse	inject
Transfuse	into a blood-vessel to replace lost fluid.
Transfuse	permeate.
Transgress	Go beyond the bounds or limits set by
Transgress	; sin.
Transgress	Transgressor
Transient	Of short duration; passing.
Transistor	semiconductor device with three connections, capable of amplification in addition to rectification.
Transistor	portable radio with transistors.
Transistorize	equip with transistors
Transit	going, conveying, or being conveyed, esp. Over a distance.
Transit	passage or route.
Transit	apparent passage of a celestial body across the meridian of a place, or across the sun or a planet.
Transit camp	Camp for the temporary accommodation of soldiers, refugees, etc.
Transition	passing or change from one place, state, condition, etc., to another.
Transition	art change from one style to another, esp. Archit. From norman to early english.
Transition	Transitionally
Transitive	taking a direct object
Transitive	, e.g. Saw in saw the donkey, saw that she was ill.
Transitory	Not permanent; brief, transient.
Transitory	Transitoriness
Translate	express the sense of
Translate	In another language or in another, esp. Simpler, form.
Translate	be translatable, bear translation
Translate	interpret
Translate	move or change, esp. From one person, place, or condition, to another.
Translate	Translation
Translate	Translator
Transliterate	represent
Transliterate	In the closest corresponding letters of a different script.
Translucent	Allowing light to pass through; semi-transparent.
Translucent	Translucency
Transmigrate	pass into a different body.
Transmigrate	migrate.
Transmission	transmitting or being transmitted.
Transmission	broadcast programme.
Transmission	mechanism transmitting power from the engine to the axle in a vehicle.
Transmit	a pass or hand on; transfer
Transmit	communicate
Transmit	a allow
Transmit	To pass through.
Transmit	be a medium for
Transmit	broadcast
Transmit	Transmittable
Transmitter	person or thing that transmits.
Transmitter	equipment used to transmit radio or other electronic signals.
Transmogrify	joc. Transform, esp. In a magical or surprising manner.
Transmute	change the form, nature, or substance of.
Transmute	hist. Change
Transmute	into gold.
Transoceanic	beyond the ocean.
Transoceanic	crossing the ocean.
Transom	horizontal bar of wood or stone across a window or the top of a door.
Transom	us
Transom window	Window above a transom.
Transparency	being transparent.
Transparency	picture, esp.
Transparency	photograph, to be viewed by light passing through it.
Transparent	allowing light to pass through so that bodies can be distinctly seen.
Transparent	Easily seen through.
Transparent	Evident; obvious.
Transparent	easily understood; frank.
Transpire	come to be known; turn out; prove to be the case
Transpire	occur; happen.
Transpire	emit
Transpire	, or be emitted, through the skin, lungs, or leaves; perspire.
Transpire	(in sense
Transplant	plant in another place
Transplant	transfer
Transplant	to another part of the body or to another body.
Transplant	a transplanting of an organ or tissue.
Transplant	such an organ etc.
Transplant	thing, esp.
Transplant	plant, transplanted.
Transponder	Device for receiving a radio signal and automatically transmitting a different signal.
Transport	take or carry
Transport	To another place.
Transport	hist. Deport
Transport	to a penal colony.
Transport	(as transported
Transport	affected with strong emotion.
Transport	a system of conveying people, goods, etc., from place to place.
Transport	means of this
Transport	ship, aircraft, etc. Used to carry soldiers, stores, etc.
Transport	(esp. In
Transport	) Vehement emotion
Transportation	conveying or being conveyed.
Transportation	a system of conveying.
Transportation	esp. Us means of this.
Transportation	hist. Deportation of convicts.
Transport café	Roadside café for
Transport café	drivers.
Transporter	Vehicle used to transport other vehicles or heavy machinery etc. By road.
Transporter bridge	Bridge carrying vehicles etc. Across water on a suspended moving platform.
Transpose	a cause
Transpose	to change places.
Transpose	change the position of
Transpose	in a series.
Transpose	change the order or position of
Transpose	in a sentence.
Transpose	put
Transpose	into a different key.
Transputer	Microprocessor with integral memory designed for parallel processing.
Transsexual	Having the physical characteristics of one sex and an overwhelming psychological identification with the other.
Transsexual	transsexual person.
Transsexual	person who has had a sex change.
Transship	transfer from one ship or form of transport to another.
Transubstantiation	Rc ch. Conversion of the eucharistic elements wholly into the body and blood of christ.
Transuranic	having a higher atomic number than uranium.
Transverse	Situated, arranged, or acting in a crosswise direction.
Transvestite	Man deriving esp. Sexual pleasure from dressing in women's clothes.
Trap1	device, often baited, for catching animals.
Trap1	trick betraying a person into speech or an act.
Trap1	arrangement to catch an unsuspecting person.
Trap1	device for hurling an object, e.g.
Trap1	clay pigeon, into the air to be shot at.
Trap1	compartment from which a greyhound is released at the start of a race.
Trap1	device that sends a ball into the air.
Trap1	curve in a downpipe etc. That fills with liquid and forms a seal against the return of gases.
Trap1	two-wheeled carriage
Trap1	mouth
Trap1	catch
Trap1	in a trap.
Trap1	catch or catch out
Trap1	by means of a trick etc.
Trap1	stop and retain in or as in a trap.
Trap1	provide
Trap1	with traps.
Trap2	dark-coloured igneous rock.
Trapdoor	Door in a floor, ceiling, or roof.
Trapeze	Crossbar suspended by ropes as a swing for acrobatics etc.
Trapezium	quadrilateral with only one pair of sides parallel.
Trapezium	us
Trapezoid	quadrilateral with no two sides parallel.
Trapezoid	us
Trapper	Person who traps wild animals, esp. For their fur.
Trappings	ornamental accessories.
Trappings	harness of a horse, esp. When ornamental.
Trappist	Monk of an order vowed to silence.
Trappist	Of this order.
Trash	esp. Us worthless or waste stuff; rubbish.
Trash	worthless person or persons.
Trash	wreck, vandalize.
Trash can	Us dustbin.
Trattoria	Italian restaurant.
Trauma	profound emotional shock.
Trauma	physical injury.
Trauma	physical shock syndrome following this.
Traumatic	of or causing trauma.
Traumatic	Distressing
Travel	go from one place to another; make a journey, esp.
Travel	long one or abroad.
Travel	a journey along or through
Travel	cover
Travel	in travelling.
Travel	Withstand a long journey
Travel	go from place to place as a salesman.
Travel	move or proceed as specified
Travel agency	Agency that makes the necessary arrangements for travellers.
Traveled	experienced in travelling (also in
Traveled	: much-travelled).
Traveler	person who travels or is travelling.
Traveler	travelling salesman.
Traveler	gypsy.
Travelled	experienced in travelling (also in
Travelled	: much-travelled).
Traveller	person who travels or is travelling.
Traveller	travelling salesman.
Traveller	gypsy.
Traveller's cheque	Cheque for a fixed amount that may be cashed on signature abroad.
Traveller's joy	Wild clematis.
Traveller's tale	Incredible and probably untrue story.
Travelogue	Film or illustrated lecture about travel.
Travel-sick	Suffering from nausea caused by motion in travelling.
Traverse	travel or lie across
Traverse	consider or discuss the whole extent of
Traverse	sideways movement.
Traverse	traversing.
Traverse	thing that crosses another.
Travesty	grotesque misrepresentation or imitation
Travesty	make or be a travesty of.
Trawl	fish with a trawl or seine.
Trawl	a catch by trawling.
Trawl	search thoroughly
Trawl	act of trawling.
Trawl	large wide-mouthed fishing-net dragged by a boat along the sea bottom.
Trawler	Boat used for trawling.
Tray	flat board, usu. With a raised rim, for carrying dishes.
Tray	shallow lidless box for papers or small articles, sometimes forming a drawer in a cabinet etc.
Treacherous	guilty of or involving treachery.
Treacherous	Likely to fail or give way.
Treachery	violation of faith or trust; betrayal.
Treacle	syrup produced in refining sugar.
Treacle	molasses.
Tread	(past trod;
Tread	Trodden or trod)
Tread	set down one's foot; walk, step.
Tread	a walk on.
Tread	press or crush with the feet.
Tread	perform
Tread	By walking.
Tread	press down into the ground with the feet
Tread	manner or sound of walking.
Tread	top surface of a step or stair.
Tread	thick moulded part of a vehicle tyre for gripping the road.
Tread	a part of a wheel that touches the ground or rail.
Tread	part of a rail that the wheels touch.
Tread	part of the sole of a shoe that rests on the ground.
Treadle	Lever worked by the foot and imparting motion to a machine.
Treadmill	device for producing motion by the weight of persons or animals stepping on steps attached to a revolving upright wheel.
Treadmill	similar device used for exercise.
Treadmill	monotonous routine work.
Treason	Violation by a subject of allegiance to the sovereign or state.
Treasonable	Involving or guilty of treason.
Treasure	a precious metals or gems.
Treasure	hoard of these.
Treasure	accumulated wealth.
Treasure	thing valued for its rarity, workmanship, associations, etc.
Treasure	Much loved or highly valued person.
Treasure	value highly.
Treasure	store up as valuable.
Treasure hunt	search for treasure.
Treasure hunt	game in which players seek a hidden object from a series of clues.
Treasurer	Person in charge of the funds of a society etc.
Treasure trove	Treasure of unknown ownership found hidden.
Treasury	place or building where treasure is stored.
Treasury	funds or revenue of a state, institution, or society.
Treasury	a department managing the public revenue of a country.
Treasury	offices and officers of this.
Treasury bench	Front bench in the house of commons occupied by cabinet ministers etc.
Treasury bill	Bill of exchange issued by the government to raise money for temporary needs.
Treat	act or behave towards or deal with
Treat	in a certain way
Treat	apply a process to
Treat	apply medical care or attention to.
Treat	present or deal with
Treat	in literature or art.
Treat	provide with food, drink, or entertainment at one's own expense
Treat	negotiate terms
Treat	give a spoken or written exposition.
Treat	event or circumstance
Treat	that gives great pleasure.
Treat	meal, entertainment, etc., designed to do this.
Treat	extremely good or well
Treatise	written work dealing formally and systematically with a subject.
Treatment	process or manner of behaving towards or dealing with a person or thing.
Treatment	medical care or attention.
Treatment	manner of treating a subject in literature or art.
Treatment	The customary way of dealing with a person, situation, etc.
Treaty	formal agreement between states.
Treaty	agreement between parties, esp. For the purchase of property.
Treble	a threefold.
Treble	triple.
Treble	three times as much or many
Treble	high-pitched.
Treble	treble quantity or thing.
Treble	hit on the narrow band between the two middle circles of a dartboard, scoring treble.
Treble	boy's voice or part, or an instrument).
Treble	high-pitched voice.
Treble	high-frequency output of a radio, record-player, etc.
Treble	make or become three times as much or many; increase threefold; multiply by three.
Treble chance	Method of competing in a football pool in which the chances of winning depend on the number of draws and home and away wins predicted by the competitors.
Treble clef	Clef placing the g above middle c on the second lowest line of the staff.
Tree	perennial plant with a woody self-supporting main stem or trunk and usu. Unbranched for some distance above the ground.
Tree	piece or frame of wood etc. For various purposes
Tree	force to take refuge in a tree.
Treecreeper	Small creeping bird feeding on insects in tree-bark.
Tree-fern	Large fern with an upright trunklike stem.
Tree ring	Ring in a cross-section of a tree, from one year's growth.
Tree surgeon	Person who treats decayed trees in order to preserve them.
Treetop	Topmost part of a tree.
Trefoil	leguminous plant with leaves of three leaflets, esp. Clover.
Trefoil	three-lobed ornamentation, esp. In tracery windows.
Trellis	lattice of light wooden or metal bars, esp. As a support for climbing plants.
Trematode	kind of parasitic flatworm.
Tremble	shake involuntarily from emotion, weakness, etc.
Tremble	be in a state of extreme apprehension.
Tremble	quiver
Tremble	Trembling; quiver
Trembler	Automatic vibrator for making and breaking an electrical circuit.
Trembly	Trembling.
Tremendous	Remarkable, considerable, excellent.
Tremendous	awe-inspiring, overpowering.
Tremolo	Tremulous effect in music.
Tremor	shaking, quivering.
Tremor	thrill
Tremor	slight earthquake.
Tremulous	Trembling.
Trench	long narrow usu. Deep ditch.
Trench	mil. This dug by troops as a shelter from enemy fire.
Trench	dig a trench or trenches in
Trench	turn over the earth of
Trench	By digging a succession of ditches.
Trenchant	Incisive, terse, vigorous.
Trenchant	Trenchantly
Trench coat	soldier's lined or padded waterproof coat.
Trench coat	loose belted raincoat.
Trencher	Hist. Wooden or earthenware platter for serving food.
Trencherman	Person who eats well, or in a specified manner.
Trench warfare	War carried on from trenches.
Trend	General direction and tendency
Trend	bend or turn away in a specified direction.
Trend	have a general tendency.
Trend-setter	Person who leads the way in fashion etc.
Trendy	; often derog.
Trendy	fashionable.
Trendy	fashionable person.
Trendy	Trendiness
Trepan	Cylindrical saw formerly used by surgeons for removing part of the skull.
Trepan	perforate
Trepan	with a trepan.
Trepidation	Fear, anxiety.
Trespass	make an unlawful or unauthorized intrusion
Trespass	make unjustifiable claims on; encroach on
Trespass	law act of trespassing.
Trespass	sin, offence.
Tress	long lock of human
Tress	hair.
Tress	(in
Tress	) Woman's or girl's head of hair.
Trestle	supporting structure for a table etc., consisting of two frames fixed at an angle or hinged, or of a bar with two divergent pairs of legs.
Trestle	table of a board or boards on trestles etc.
Trestle	open braced framework to support a bridge etc.
Trews	pl. Close-fitting usu. Tartan trousers.
Tri-	Form three or three times.
Triad	group of three
Triad	the number three.
Triad	chinese secret society, usu. Criminal.
Trial	judicial examination and determination of issues between parties by a judge with or without a jury.
Trial	test
Trial	trying thing or person
Trial	match held to select players for a team.
Trial	(often in
Trial	) Contest involving performance by horses, dogs, motor cycles, etc.
Trial	being tried in a court of law.
Trial	being tested; to be chosen or retained only if suitable.
Trial and error	Repeated
Trial and error	attempts continued until successful.
Trial run	Preliminary operational test.
Triangle	plane figure with three sides and angles.
Triangle	any three things not in a straight line, with imaginary lines joining them.
Triangle	implement of this shape.
Triangle	musical instrument consisting of a steel rod bent into a triangle, struck with a small steel rod.
Triangle	situation, esp. An emotional relationship, involving three people.
Triangulate	measure and map out
Triangulate	by dividing it into triangles.
Triathlon	Athletic contest of three events for all competitors.
Tribe	group of
Tribe	families or communities, linked by social, religious, or blood ties, and usu. Having a common culture and dialect and a recognized leader.
Tribe	any similar natural or political division.
Tribe	usu. Derog. Set or number of persons, esp. Of one profession etc. Or family.
Tribe	Tribalism
Tribesman	member of a tribe.
Tribology	The study of friction, wear, lubrication, and the design of bearings.
Tribulation	Great affliction.
Tribunal	board appointed to adjudicate in some matter.
Tribunal	court of justice.
Tribunal	seat or bench for a judge or judges.
Tribune	popular leader or demagogue.
Tribune	official in ancient rome chosen by the people to protect their interests.
Tributary	river or stream flowing into a larger river or lake.
Tributary	hist. Person or state paying or subject to tribute.
Tributary	That is a tributary.
Tributary	hist.
Tributary	paying tribute.
Tributary	serving as tribute.
Tribute	thing said or done or given as a mark of respect or affection etc.
Tribute	indication of
Tribute	hist.
Tribute	periodic payment by one state or ruler to another, esp. As a sign of dependence.
Tribute	obligation to pay this.
Triceps	Muscle
Triceps	with three points of attachment at one end.
Triceratops	Dinosaur with three sharp horns on the forehead and a wavy-edged collar round the neck.
Trichinosis	Disease caused by hairlike worms usu. Ingested in meat.
Trichology	The study of hair.
Trichromatic	having or using three colours.
Trichromatic	having the normal three colour-sensations, i.e. Red, green, and purple.
Trick	action or scheme undertaken to deceive or outwit.
Trick	illusion
Trick	special technique; knack.
Trick	a feat of skill or dexterity.
Trick	unusual action
Trick	learned by an animal.
Trick	foolish or discreditable act; practical joke
Trick	idiosyncracy
Trick	a cards played in one round of a card-game.
Trick	point gained in this.
Trick	Done to deceive or mystify
Trick	deceive by a trick; outwit.
Trick	swindle
Trick	cause to do something by trickery
Trick	foil, baffle; take by surprise.
Trick	Achieve the required result. How's tricks?
Trick	How are you? Trick or treat esp. Us children's custom of calling at houses at hallowe'en with the threat of pranks if they are not given a small gift. Trick out
Trick	dress or deck out.
Trickery	Deception, use of tricks.
Trickle	flow in drops or a small stream.
Trickle	come or go slowly or gradually
Trickle	Trickling flow.
Trickle charger	Electrical charger for batteries that works at a steady slow rate.
Trickster	Deceiver, rogue.
Tricksy	full of tricks; playful.
Tricky	requiring care and adroitness
Tricky	crafty, deceitful.
Tricky	Trickiness
Tricolor	flag of three bands of different colours, esp. The french or irish national flags.
Tricolour	flag of three bands of different colours, esp. The french or irish national flags.
Tricot	Knitted fabric.
Tricycle	Three-wheeled pedal-driven vehicle similar to a bicycle.
Trident	Three-pronged spear.
Tridentine	Of the council of trent, held at trento in italy
Tridentine	545–63, esp. As the basis of roman catholic orthodoxy.
Triennial	Lasting, or recurring every, three years.
Trier	person who perseveres.
Trier	tester, esp. Of foodstuffs.
Trifle	thing of slight value or importance.
Trifle	a small amount, esp. Of money.
Trifle	somewhat
Trifle	dessert of sponge cake with custard, jelly, fruit, cream, etc.
Trifle	talk or act frivolously.
Trifle	treat or deal with frivolously; flirt heartlessly with.
Trifling	unimportant, petty.
Trifling	frivolous.
Triforium	gallery or arcade above the arches of the nave, choir, and transepts of a church.
Trig	Trigonometry.
Trigger	movable device for releasing a spring or catch and so setting off a mechanism
Trigger	event, occurrence, etc., that sets off a chain reaction.
Trigger	set
Trigger	in motion; precipitate.
Trigger-happy	Apt to shoot on the slightest provocation.
Trigonometry	Branch of mathematics dealing with the relations of the sides and angles of triangles and with the relevant functions of any angles.
Trigonometry	Trigonometrical
Trig point	Reference point on high ground, used in triangulation.
Trike	Tricycle.
Trilateral	of, on, or with three sides.
Trilateral	involving three parties.
Trilby	soft felt hat with a narrow brim and indented crown.
Trilingual	able to speak three languages.
Trilingual	spoken or written in three languages.
Trill	quavering sound, esp.
Trill	rapid alternation of sung or played notes.
Trill	bird's warbling.
Trill	pronunciation of r with vibration of the tongue.
Trill	produce a trill.
Trill	warble
Trill	or pronounce
Trill	With a trill.
Trillion	a million million
Trillion	a million million million
Trilobite	kind of fossil marine arthropod.
Trilogy	group of three related novels, plays, operas, etc.
Trim	a make neat or of the required size or form, esp. By cutting away irregular or unwanted parts.
Trim	set in good order.
Trim	cut off
Trim	ornament, decorate.
Trim	adjust the balance of
Trim	by arranging its cargo etc.
Trim	arrange
Trim	to suit the wind.
Trim	a associate oneself with currently prevailing views, esp. To advance oneself.
Trim	hold a middle course in politics or opinion.
Trim	rebuke sharply.
Trim	thrash.
Trim	get the better of in a bargain etc.
Trim	state of readiness or fitness
Trim	ornament or decorative material.
Trim	trimming of a person's hair.
Trim	neat or spruce.
Trim	in good order; well arranged or equipped.
Trimaran	Vessel like a catamaran, with three hulls side by side.
Trimeter	Prosody line of verse of three measures.
Trimming	ornamentation or decoration, esp. For clothing.
Trimming	(in
Trimming	Usual accompaniments, esp. Of the main course of a meal.
Trinitarian	Believer in the trinity.
Trinitarian	Of this belief.
Trinity	state of being three.
Trinity	group of three.
Trinity	theol. The three persons of the christian godhead
Trinity sunday	Sunday next after whit sunday.
Trinity term	University and law term beginning after easter.
Trinket	Trifling ornament, esp.
Trinket	piece of jewellery.
Trio	group of three.
Trio	composition for three performers.
Trio	the performers.
Trip	stumble, esp. By catching the feet.
Trip	make a slip or blunder.
Trip	a move with quick light steps.
Trip	Run lightly.
Trip	make an excursion to a place.
Trip	a operate
Trip	suddenly by knocking aside a catch etc.
Trip	automatically cut out.
Trip	have a hallucinatory experience caused by a drug.
Trip	journey or excursion, esp. For pleasure.
Trip	a stumble or blunder.
Trip	tripping or being tripped up.
Trip	nimble step.
Trip	drug-induced hallucinatory experience.
Trip	device for tripping a mechanism etc.
Tripartite	consisting of three parts.
Tripartite	shared by or involving three parties.
Tripe	first or second stomach of a ruminant, esp. An ox, as food.
Tripe	Nonsense, rubbish.
Triple	consisting of three usu. Equal parts or things; threefold.
Triple	involving three parties.
Triple	three times as much or many.
Triple	threefold number or amount.
Triple	set of three.
Triple	multiply by three.
Triple crown	Winning of all three of a group of sporting events, esp. In rugby.
Triple jump	Athletic contest comprising a hop, step, and jump.
Triplet	each of three children or animals born at one birth.
Triplet	set of three things, esp. Three equal notes played in the time of two of the same value.
Triplex	Triple, threefold.
Triplicate	existing in three examples or copies.
Triplicate	having three corresponding parts.
Triplicate	tripled.
Triplicate	Each of a set of three copies or corresponding parts.
Triplicate	make in three copies.
Triplicate	multiply by three.
Tripod	three-legged stand for a camera etc.
Tripod	stool, table, or utensil resting on three feet or legs.
Tripos	honours examinations for primary degrees.
Tripper	Person who goes on a pleasure trip.
Triptych	Picture or relief carving on three panels, usu. Hinged together at the sides.
Trip-wire	Wire stretched close to the ground to trip up an intruder or to operate an alarm or other device when disturbed.
Trireme	Ancient greek warship, with three files of oarsmen on each side.
Trisect	Divide into three
Trisect	parts.
Trite	Hackneyed.
Trite	Triteness
Tritium	Radioactive isotope of hydrogen with a mass about three times that of ordinary hydrogen.
Triumph	a state of victory or success
Triumph	a great success or achievement.
Triumph	supreme example
Triumph	joy at success; exultation
Triumph	processional entry of a victorious general into ancient rome.
Triumph	gain a victory; be successful.
Triumph	ride in triumph.
Triumph	exult.
Triumphalism	Excessive exultation over the victories of one's own party etc.
Triumphant	victorious, successful.
Triumphant	exultant.
Triumvirate	Ruling group of three men, esp. In ancient rome.
Trivalent	Chem. Having a valency of three.
Trivet	Iron tripod or bracket for a pot or kettle to stand on.
Trivia	pl. Trifles or trivialities.
Trivial	of small value or importance; trifling.
Trivial	Concerned only with trivial things.
Trivial	. Trivially
Trivialize	make or treat as trivial; minimize.
Trochee	Prosody metrical foot consisting of one long followed by one short syllable
Trodden	Of *tread.
Troglodyte	Cave-dweller.
Troika	a russian vehicle with a team of three horses abreast.
Troika	this team.
Troika	group of three people, esp. As an administrative council.
Trojan	Of ancient troy in asia minor.
Trojan	native or inhabitant of troy.
Trojan	person who works, fights, etc. Courageously.
Trojan horse	hollow wooden horse used by the greeks to enter troy.
Trojan horse	person or device planted to bring about an enemy's downfall.
Troll1	fabulous being, esp.
Troll1	giant or dwarf dwelling in a cave.
Troll2	Fish by drawing bait along in the water.
Trolley	table, stand, or basket on wheels or castors for serving food, transporting luggage etc., gathering purchases in a supermarket, etc.
Trolley	low truck running on rails.
Trolley	wheel attached to a pole etc. Used for collecting current from an overhead electric wire to drive a vehicle.
Trolley bus	Electric bus using a trolley-wheel.
Trollop	Disreputable girl or woman.
Trombone	Brass wind instrument with a sliding tube.
Trompe-l'œil	(often
Trompe-l'œil	) Painting etc. Designed to give an illusion of reality.
-tron	physics forming nouns denoting:
-tron	elementary particle
-tron	particle accelerator.
Troop	assembled company; assemblage of people or animals.
Troop	(in
Troop	) Soldiers, armed forces.
Troop	cavalry unit under a captain.
Troop	unit of artillery or armoured vehicles.
Troop	grouping of three or more scout patrols.
Troop	Come together or move in large numbers.
Trooper	private soldier in a cavalry or armoured unit.
Trooper	austral.
Trooper	us mounted or state police officer.
Trooper	cavalry horse.
Trooper	troop-ship.
Troop-ship	Ship used for transporting troops.
Trope	Figurative use of a word.
Trophy	cup etc. As a prize in a contest.
Trophy	memento or souvenir of success in hunting, war, etc.
Tropic	parallel of latitude
Tropic	3°27´ north
Tropic	or south
Tropic	of the equator.
Tropic	each of two corresponding circles on the celestial sphere where the sun appears to turn when at its greatest declination.
Tropic	region between the tropics of cancer and capricorn.
Tropical	Of or typical of the tropics.
Troposphere	Lowest layer of atmosphere extending about
Troposphere	–10 km upwards from the earth's surface.
Trot	Usu. Derog. Trotskyite.
Trot	run at a moderate pace.
Trot	proceed at a steady pace faster than a walk, lifting each diagonal pair of legs alternately.
Trot	Walk, go.
Trot	cause
Trot	to trot.
Trot	traverse
Trot	at a trot.
Trot	action or exercise of trotting
Trot	diarrhoea.
Trot	in succession
Trot	continually busy
Trot	. Trot out
Trot	Introduce
Trot	Tediously or repeatedly.
Trot	cause
Trot	to trot to show his paces.
Troth	faith, loyalty.
Troth	truth.
Trotskyism	Political principles of l. Trotsky, esp. As urging worldwide socialist revolution.
Trotskyism	Trotskyite
Trotskyism	Derog.
Trotter	(usu. In
Trotter	) Animal's foot as food.
Trotter	horse bred or trained for trotting.
Troubadour	singer or poet.
Troubadour	french medieval lyric poet singing of courtly love.
Trouble	difficulty or distress; vexation, affliction
Trouble	a inconvenience; unpleasant exertion; bother.
Trouble	cause of this
Trouble	perceived failing
Trouble	dysfunction
Trouble	a disturbance
Trouble	) Political or social unrest, public disturbances, esp.
Trouble	Ireland.
Trouble	cause distress or anxiety to; disturb.
Trouble	be disturbed or worried
Trouble	afflict; cause pain etc. To.
Trouble	Subject or be subjected to inconvenience or unpleasant exertion
Trouble	Invite trouble by one's actions, behaviour, etc.; be rash or indiscreet. In trouble
Trouble	involved in a matter likely to bring censure or punishment.
Trouble	Pregnant while unmarried.
Troublemaker	Person habitually causing trouble.
Troubleshooter	mediator in a dispute.
Troubleshooter	person who traces and corrects faults in machinery or in an organization etc.
Troublesome	Causing trouble, annoying.
Trough	long narrow open receptacle for water, animal feed, etc.
Trough	channel or hollow like this.
Trough	elongated region of low barometric pressure.
Trounce	defeat heavily.
Trounce	beat, thrash.
Trounce	punish severely.
Troupe	Company or band, esp. Of artistes.
Trouper	member of a theatrical troupe.
Trouper	staunch colleague.
Trousers	two-legged outer garment reaching from the waist usu. To the ankles.
Trousers	Designating part of this
Trouser suit	Woman's suit of trousers and jacket.
Trousseau	bride's collection of clothes etc.
Trout	fish related to the salmon, valued as food.
Trowel	small flat-bladed tool for spreading mortar etc.
Trowel	scoop for lifting small plants or earth.
Troy	system of weights used for precious metals and gems, with a pound of
Troy	2 ounces or
Troy	,760 grains;
Troy	oz. Troy =
Troy	1.1035 g.
Truant	child who stays away from school.
Truant	person who avoids work etc.
Truant	Shirking, idle, wandering.
Truant	be a truant.
Truce	Temporary agreement to cease hostilities.
Truck1	lorry.
Truck1	open railway wagon for freight.
Truck2	Dealings.
Trucker	Esp. Us long-distance lorry-driver.
Truckle	low bed on wheels, stored under a larger bed.
Truckle	submit obsequiously.
Truculent	Aggressively defiant.
Truculent	Truculently
Trudge	go on foot, esp. Laboriously.
Trudge	traverse
Trudge	in this way.
Trudge	Trudging walk.
True	in accordance with fact or reality
True	genuine; rightly or strictly so called.
True	loyal, faithful.
True	accurately conforming to
True	correctly positioned or balanced; upright, level.
True	exact, accurate
True-blue	Extremely loyal or orthodox.
True-blue	Such a person, esp.
True-blue	conservative.
True-love	Sweetheart.
True north	North according to the earth's axis, not magnetic north.
Truffle	edible rich-flavoured underground fungus.
Truffle	sweet made of a chocolate mixture covered with cocoa etc.
Trug	Shallow oblong garden-basket usu. Of wood strips.
Truism	Statement too hackneyed to be worth making, e.g. ‘nothing lasts for ever’.
Truly	sincerely
Truly	really, indeed
Truly	loyally
Truly	accurately
Truly	properly
Trump1	a playing-card of a suit temporarily ranking above the others.
Trump1	) This suit
Trump1	Generous or loyal person.
Trump1	defeat
Trump1	with a trump.
Trump1	Outdo.
Trump1	turn out better than expected.
Trump1	be greatly successful or helpful. Trump up fabricate or invent
Trump2	trumpet-blast.
Trump card	card belonging to, or turned up to determine, a trump suit.
Trump card	Valuable resource, esp. Kept in reserve.
Trumpery	worthless finery.
Trumpery	worthless thing; rubbish.
Trumpery	Showy but worthless; trashy; shallow.
Trumpet	brass instrument with a flared bell and bright penetrating tone.
Trumpet	trumpet-shaped thing
Trumpet	sound of or like a trumpet.
Trumpet	a blow a trumpet.
Trumpet	Make a trumpet-like cry.
Trumpet	proclaim loudly.
Trumpet-call	Urgent summons to action.
Truncate	cut the top or the end from; shorten.
Truncheon	Short club carried by a police officer.
Trundle	roll or move, esp. Heavily or noisily.
Trunk	main stem of a tree.
Trunk	body without the limbs and head.
Trunk	large box with a hinged lid for luggage, storage, etc.
Trunk	us boot of a car.
Trunk	elephant's elongated prehensile nose.
Trunk	(in
Trunk	) Men's close-fitting shorts worn for swimming etc.
Trunk call	Long-distance telephone call.
Trunk line	Main line of a railway, telephone system, etc.
Trunk road	Important main road.
Truss	framework supporting a roof, bridge, etc.
Truss	surgical appliance worn to support a hernia.
Truss	bundle of hay or straw.
Truss	compact terminal cluster of flowers or fruit.
Truss	tie up
Truss	for cooking.
Truss	tie
Truss	up with the arms to the sides.
Truss	support
Truss	With a truss or trusses.
Trust	firm belief in the reliability, truth, or strength etc. Of a person or thing.
Trust	confident expectation.
Trust	responsibility
Trust	commercial credit
Trust	law a arrangement whereby a person or group manages property on another's behalf.
Trust	property so held.
Trust	body of trustees.
Trust	association of companies for reducing competition etc.
Trust	place trust in; believe in; rely on the character or behaviour of.
Trustee	Person or member of a board managing property in trust with a legal obligation to administer it solely for the purposes specified.
Trustful	Full of trust or confidence.
Trusting	Having trust; trustful.
Trustworthy	Deserving of trust; reliable.
Trusty	or joc. Trustworthy
Trusty	prisoner given special privileges for good behaviour.
Truth	quality or state of being true.
Truth	what is true.
Truthful	habitually speaking the truth.
Truthful	True.
Truthful	Truthfulness
Try	make an effort with a view to success (often foll. By to + infin.;
Try	Foll. By and + infin.: tried to be on time; try and be early).
Try	make an effort to achieve
Try	a test by use or experiment.
Try	test the qualities of.
Try	make severe demands on
Try	examine the effectiveness of for a purpose
Try	ascertain the state of fastening of
Try	a investigate and decide
Try	judicially.
Try	subject
Try	to trial
Try	apply or compete for; seek to reach or attain
Try	effort to accomplish something.
Try	rugby touching-down of the ball behind the opposing goal-line, scoring points and entitling the scoring side to a kick at the goal.
Try	Try to get away with an unreasonable request etc. Try on put on
Try	To see if they fit etc. Try out put to the test, test thoroughly.
Trying	Annoying, vexatious; hard to endure.
Try-on	act of trying it on or trying on
Try-on	attempt to deceive.
Try-out	Experimental test.
Tryst	meeting, esp. Of lovers.
Tsar	hist. Title of the former emperors of russia.
Tsar	(usu.
Tsetse	African fly feeding on blood and transmitting esp. Sleeping-sickness.
T-shirt	Short-sleeved casual top having the form of a t when spread out.
Tsp.	Teaspoonful.
T-square	T-shaped instrument for drawing right angles.
Tsunami	long high sea wave caused by underwater earthquakes etc.
Tt	tourist trophy.
Tt	tuberculin-tested.
Tt	a teetotal.
Tt	teetotaller.
Tub	open flat-bottomed usu. Round vessel.
Tub	tub-shaped
Tub	carton.
Tub	Bath.
Tub	Clumsy slow boat.
Tub	plant, bathe, or wash in a tub.
Tuba	low-pitched brass wind instrument.
Tubby	short and fat.
Tube	long hollow cylinder.
Tube	soft metal or plastic cylinder sealed at one end and holding a semi-liquid substance
Tube	hollow cylindrical organ in the body.
Tube	London underground
Tube	a cathode-ray tube, esp. In a television set.
Tube	esp. Us
Tube	Television.
Tube	us thermionic valve.
Tube	austral.
Tube	can of beer.
Tube	equip with tubes.
Tube	enclose in a tube.
Tuber	thick rounded part of a stem or rhizome, usu. Found underground and covered with modified buds, e.g. In a potato.
Tuber	similar root of a dahlia etc.
Tubercle	Small rounded swelling on the body or in an organ, esp. As characteristic of tuberculosis.
Tubercle bacillus	Bacterium causing tuberculosis.
Tubercular	Of or having tubercles or tuberculosis.
Tuberculin	Sterile liquid from cultures of tubercle bacillus, used in the diagnosis and treatment of tuberculosis.
Tuberculin-tested	from cows shown to be free of tuberculosis.
Tuberculosis	Infectious bacterial disease marked by tubercles, esp. In the lungs.
Tuberose	Plant with scented white funnel-like flowers.
Tuberous	Having tubers; of or like a tuber.
Tubing	Length of tube or quantity of tubes.
Tub-thumper	Ranting preacher or orator.
Tubular	tube-shaped.
Tubular	having or consisting of tubes.
Tubular	Having a tubular framework.
Tubular bells	pl. Orchestral instrument of vertically suspended brass tubes struck with a hammer.
Tubule	Small tube in a plant or animal body.
Tuc	Trades union congress.
Tuck	a draw, fold, or turn the outer or end parts of
Tuck	Close together so as to be held; push in the edge of
Tuck	so as to confine it
Tuck	push in the edges of bedclothes around
Tuck	draw together into a small space
Tuck	stow
Tuck	away in a specified place or way
Tuck	make a stitched fold in
Tuck	flattened usu. Stitched fold in cloth etc.
Tuck	Food, esp. Cakes and sweets (also
Tuck	: tuck box).
Tuck	Eat heartily. Tuck into
Tuck	Eat
Tuck	heartily
Tucker	hist. Piece of lace or linen etc. In or on a woman's bodice.
Tucker	austral.
Tucker	food.
Tucker	austral.
Tucker	Tire.
Tuck-in	Large meal.
Tuck shop	Small shop selling sweets etc. To schoolchildren.
-tude	forming abstract nouns
Tudor	of the royal family of england
Tudor	485–1603 or this period.
Tudor	of the architectural style of this period, esp. With half-timbering.
Tues.	Tuesday.
Tuesday	Day of the week following monday.
Tuesday	On tuesday.
Tuesday	on tuesdays; each tuesday.
Tufa	porous limestone rock formed round mineral springs.
Tuff	Rock formed from volcanic ash.
Tuffet	Clump of grass; small mound.
Tuft	Bunch or collection of threads, grass, feathers, hair, etc., held or growing together at the base.
Tuft	Tufty
Tug	pull hard or violently; jerk.
Tug	tow
Tug	By a tugboat.
Tug	hard, violent, or jerky pull.
Tug	sudden strong emotion.
Tug	small powerful boat for towing ships.
Tug of love	Dispute over the custody of a child.
Tug of war	trial of strength between two sides pulling opposite ways on a rope.
Tug of war	decisive or severe contest.
Tuition	teaching, esp. If paid for.
Tuition	fee for this.
Tulip	bulbous spring-flowering plant with showy cup-shaped flowers.
Tulip	its flower.
Tulip-tree	Tree producing tulip-like flowers.
Tulle	Soft fine silk etc. Net for veils and dresses.
Tum	Stomach.
Tumble	fall suddenly, clumsily, or headlong.
Tumble	fall rapidly in amount etc.
Tumble	roll or toss to and fro.
Tumble	move or rush in a headlong or blundering manner.
Tumble	Grasp the meaning behind an idea, circumstance, etc.
Tumble	overturn; fling or push roughly or carelessly.
Tumble	perform acrobatic feats, esp. Somersaults.
Tumble	rumple or disarrange.
Tumble	sudden or headlong fall.
Tumble	somersault or other acrobatic feat.
Tumble	untidy or confused state.
Tumbledown	Falling or fallen into ruin; dilapidated.
Tumble-drier	machine for drying washing in a heated rotating drum.
Tumbler	drinking-glass with no handle or foot.
Tumbler	acrobat.
Tumbler	part of a lock that holds the bolt until lifted by a key.
Tumbler	a kind of pigeon that turns over backwards in flight.
Tumbrel	hist. Open cart in which condemned persons were taken to the guillotine in the french revolution.
Tumescent	Swelling.
Tumid	swollen, inflated.
Tumid	Inflated, bombastic.
Tummy	Stomach.
Tummy-button	Navel.
Tumor	a swelling, esp. From an abnormal growth of tissue.
Tumour	a swelling, esp. From an abnormal growth of tissue.
Tumult	uproar or din, esp. Of a disorderly crowd.
Tumult	angry demonstration by a mob; riot.
Tumult	conflict of emotions in the mind.
Tumultuous	Noisy; turbulent; violent.
Tumulus	ancient burial mound.
Tun	large beer or wine cask.
Tun	brewer's fermenting-vat.
Tuna	large edible marine fish.
Tuna	its flesh as food.
Tundra	Vast level treeless arctic region with underlying permafrost.
Tune	Melody.
Tune	put
Tune	in tune.
Tune	a adjust
Tune	To the frequency of a signal.
Tune	adjust a radio receiver to the required signal.
Tune	adjust
Tune	To run efficiently.
Tune	having
Tune	the correct pitch or intonation
Tune	harmonizing
Tune	with one's company, surroundings, etc. To the tune of
Tune	To the considerable sum of. Tuned in
Tune	Acquainted; in rapport; up to date. Tune up
Tune	bring one's instrument to the proper pitch.
Tune	bring to the most efficient condition.
Tuneful	Melodious, musical.
Tuneless	Unmelodious, unmusical.
Tuner	person who tunes musical instruments, esp. Pianos.
Tuner	a part of a radio or television receiver for tuning.
Tuner	radio receiver as a separate unit in a high-fi system.
Tuner	electronic device for tuning a guitar etc.
Tungsten	Dense metallic element with a very high melting point.
Tunic	close-fitting short coat of police or military etc. Uniform.
Tunic	loose often sleeveless garment reaching to the knees.
Tuning-fork	Two-pronged steel fork giving a particular note when struck.
Tunnel	underground passage dug through a hill or under a road, river, etc., esp. For a railway or road.
Tunnel	underground passage dug by an animal.
Tunnel	Make a tunnel through.
Tunnel	make
Tunnel	by tunnelling.
Tunnel vision	vision which is poor or lost outside the centre of the normal field of vision.
Tunnel vision	Inability to grasp a situation's wider implications.
Tup	Ram.
Tup	copulate with
Tupi	member of an american indian people of the amazon valley.
Tupi	their language.
Tupi	Of this people or language.
Tupperware	Propr. Range of plastic containers for storing food.
Turban	man's headdress of fabric wound round a cap or the head, worn esp. By muslims and sikhs.
Turban	woman's hat resembling this.
Turbid	muddy, thick; not clear.
Turbid	Confused, disordered.
Turbine	Rotary motor driven by a flow of water, steam, gas, wind, etc.
Turbo-	Form turbine.
Turbocharger	Supercharger driven by a turbine powered by the engine's exhaust gases.
Turbofan	Jet engine in which a turbine-driven fan provides additional thrust.
Turbojet	jet engine in which the jet also operates a turbine-driven air-compressor.
Turbojet	aircraft powered by this.
Turboprop	jet engine in which a turbine is used as in a turbojet and also to drive a propeller.
Turboprop	aircraft powered by this.
Turbot	large european flat-fish prized as food.
Turbulent	disturbed; in commotion.
Turbulent	Varying irregularly.
Turbulent	restless; riotous.
Turbulent	Turbulently
Turco-	Form
Turco-	turkish; turkish and.
Turd	lump of excrement.
Turd	contemptible person.
Tureen	Deep covered dish for soup.
Turf	a layer of grass etc. With earth and matted roots as the surface of grassland.
Turf	piece of this cut from the ground.
Turf	slab of peat for fuel.
Turf	a horse-racing generally.
Turf	general term for racecourses.
Turf	cover
Turf	with turf.
Turf	Expel or eject
Turf accountant	Bookmaker.
Turgescent	Becoming turgid.
Turgid	swollen, inflated.
Turgid	pompous, bombastic.
Turk	a native or national of turkey.
Turk	person of turkish descent.
Turk	member of a central asian people from whom the ottomans derived, speaking a turkic language.
Turk	offens. Ferocious or wild person.
Turkey	large orig. American bird bred for food.
Turkey	its flesh as food.
Turkey	theatrical failure; flop.
Turkey	Talk frankly; get down to business.
Turkeycock	Male turkey.
Turki	Of a group of languages and peoples including turkish.
Turki	This group.
Turkish	Of turkey, the turks, or their language.
Turkish	This language.
Turkish bath	hot-air or steam bath followed by washing, massage, etc.
Turkish bath	(in sing. Or
Turkish bath	) Building for this.
Turkish carpet	Wool carpet with a thick pile and traditional bold design.
Turkish coffee	Strong black coffee.
Turkish delight	Sweet of lumps of flavoured gelatine coated in powdered sugar.
Turkish towel	Towel made of cotton terry.
Turk's head	Turban-like ornamental knot.
Turmeric	e. Indian plant of the ginger family.
Turmeric	its powdered rhizome used as a spice in curry etc. Or for yellow dye.
Turmoil	violent confusion; agitation.
Turmoil	din and bustle.
Turn	move around a point or axis; give or receive a rotary motion
Turn	change in position so that a different side, end, or part becomes outermost or uppermost etc.; invert or reverse
Turn	a give a new direction to
Turn	take a new direction
Turn	aim in a certain way
Turn	change in nature, form, or condition to
Turn	a set about
Turn	have recourse to
Turn	go on to consider next
Turn	become
Turn	make or become hostile to
Turn	become hostile to; attack
Turn	change colour.
Turn	become sour.
Turn	be nauseated.
Turn	2 cause
Turn	to become sour or
Turn	to be nauseated.
Turn	become giddy.
Turn	4 translate
Turn	5 move to the other side of; go round
Turn	6 pass the age or time of (he has turned
Turn	0; it has turned
Turn	o'clock).
Turn	depend on; be determined by.
Turn	8 send or put; cause to go
Turn	9 perform
Turn	0 remake (esp.
Turn	sheet) putting the less worn outer side on the inside.
Turn	1 make
Turn	2 divert
Turn	3 blunt
Turn	4 shape
Turn	on a lathe.
Turn	5 give an
Turn	form to
Turn	change direction.
Turn	turning; rotary motion.
Turn	changed or a change of direction or tendency
Turn	point at which a turning or change occurs.
Turn	turning of a road.
Turn	change of direction of the tide.
Turn	change in the course of events
Turn	tendency or disposition; facility of forming
Turn	opportunity or obligation etc. That comes successively to each of several persons etc.
Turn	short walk or ride
Turn	0 short performance, variety act.
Turn	1 service of a specified kind
Turn	2 purpose
Turn	Momentary nervous shock
Turn	Ornament consisting of the principal note with those above and below it.
Turn-about	turning about.
Turn-about	abrupt change of policy etc.
Turn-buckle	Threaded device for tightly connecting parts of a metal rod or wire.
Turncoat	Person who changes sides.
Turner	Person who works with a lathe.
Turnery	objects made on a lathe.
Turnery	work with a lathe.
Turning	a road that branches off another.
Turning	place where this occurs.
Turning	a use of a lathe.
Turning	) Chips or shavings from a lathe.
Turning-circle	Smallest circle in which a vehicle can turn without reversing.
Turning-point	Point at which a decisive change occurs.
Turnip	plant with a globular root.
Turnip	its root as a vegetable.
Turnip-top	Turnip leaves as a vegetable.
Turnkey	jailer.
Turn-off	turning off a main road.
Turn-off	Something that repels or causes a loss of interest.
Turn-on	Person or thing that causes
Turn-on	excitement.
Turnout	number of people attending a meeting, voting at an election, etc.
Turnout	set or display of equipment, clothes, etc.
Turnover	act of turning over.
Turnover	gross amount of money taken in a business.
Turnover	rate at which goods are sold and replaced in a shop.
Turnover	rate at which people enter and leave employment etc.
Turnover	small pie made by folding pastry over a filling.
Turnpike	hist.
Turnpike	toll-gate.
Turnpike	road on which a toll was charged.
Turnpike	us motorway on which a toll is charged.
Turn-round	a unloading and reloading between trips.
Turn-round	receiving, processing, and sending out again; progress through a system.
Turn-round	reversal of an opinion or tendency.
Turnstile	Gate with revolving arms allowing people through singly.
Turntable	circular revolving plate on which records are played.
Turntable	circular revolving platform for turning a railway locomotive.
Turn-up	turned up end of a trouser leg.
Turn-up	Unexpected happening.
Turpentine	Resin from any of various trees.
Turpitude	Formal depravity, wickedness.
Turps	Oil of turpentine.
Turquoise	semiprecious stone, usu. Opaque and greenish- or sky-blue.
Turquoise	greenish-blue colour.
Turquoise	Of this colour.
Turret	small tower, esp. Decorating a building.
Turret	low flat usu. Revolving armoured tower for a gun and gunners in a ship, aircraft, fort, or tank.
Turret	rotating holder for tools in a lathe etc.
Turtle	aquatic reptile with flippers and a horny shell.
Turtle	its flesh, used for soup.
Turtle-dove	Wild dove noted for its soft cooing and affection for its mate.
Turtle-neck	High close-fitting neck on a knitted garment.
Tuscan	inhabitant of tuscany.
Tuscan	form of italian spoken in tuscany; standard italian.
Tuscan	of tuscany or the tuscans.
Tuscan	archit. Of the plainest of the classical orders.
Tusk	Long pointed tooth, esp. Protruding from a closed mouth, as in the elephant, walrus, etc.
Tussle	Struggle, scuffle.
Tussle	engage in a tussle.
Tussock	Clump of grass etc.
Tutelage	guardianship.
Tutelage	being under this.
Tutelage	tuition.
Tutelary	a serving as guardian.
Tutelary	of a guardian.
Tutelary	giving protection.
Tutor	private teacher.
Tutor	university teacher supervising the studies or welfare of assigned undergraduates.
Tutor	act as tutor to.
Tutor	work as a tutor.
Tutorial	Of a tutor or tuition.
Tutorial	Period of undergraduate tuition individually or in a small group.
Tutti	With all voices or instruments together.
Tutti	such a passage.
Tutti-frutti	ice-cream containing small pieces of mixed glacé fruit.
Tut-tut	Expressing disapproval or impatience.
Tut-tut	Such an exclamation.
Tut-tut	exclaim this.
Tutu	Ballet dancer's short skirt of stiffened frills.
Tu-whit, tu-whoo	Representation of the cry of an owl.
Tuxedo	dinner-jacket.
Tuxedo	suit of clothes including this.
Tv	Television.
Tvei	Technical and vocational educational initiative.
Twaddle	Silly writing or talk; nonsense.
Twain	two.
Twang	sound made by a plucked string or released bowstring.
Twang	nasal quality of a voice.
Twang	emit this sound.
'Twas	it was.
Twat	female genitals.
Twat	contemptible person.
Tweak	pinch and twist sharply; jerk.
Tweak	make fine adjustments to
Tweak	Act of tweaking.
Twee	derog. Affectedly dainty or quaint.
Tweed	rough-surfaced woollen cloth, usu. Of mixed flecked colours.
Tweed	(in
Tweed	) Clothes made of tweed.
Tweedy	of or dressed in tweed.
Tweedy	characteristic of country gentry; heartily informal.
Tweet	Chirp of a small bird.
Tweet	Make this noise.
Tweeter	Loudspeaker for high frequencies.
Tweezers	pl. Small pair of pincers for taking up small objects, plucking out hairs, etc.
Twelfth	next after eleventh.
Twelfth	each of twelve equal parts of a thing.
Twelfth night	jan., eve of epiphany.
Twelve	one more than eleven.
Twelve	symbol for this
Twelve	size etc. Denoted by twelve.
Twelve	twelve o'clock.
Twelve	the apostles.
Twelvefold	twelve times as much or as many.
Twelvefold	consisting of twelve parts.
Twelvemonth	year.
Twenty	product of two and ten.
Twenty	symbol for this
Twenty	(in
Twenty	) Numbers from
Twenty	0 to
Twenty	9, esp. The years of a century or of a person's life.
Twenty-twenty vision	(also
Twenty-twenty vision	0/20 vision)
Twenty-twenty vision	vision of normal acuity.
Twenty-twenty vision	Good eyesight.
'Twere	it were.
Twerp	stupid or objectionable person.
Twice	two times; on two occasions.
Twice	in double degree or quantity
Twiddle	twirl, adjust, or play randomly or idly.
Twiddle	Act of twiddling.
Twiddle	make them rotate round each other.
Twiddle	have nothing to do.
Twig1	Very small thin branch of a tree or shrub.
Twig2	Understand; realize.
Twilight	light from the sky when the sun is below the horizon, esp. In the evening.
Twilight	period of this.
Twilight	faint light.
Twilight	period of decline or destruction.
Twilight zone	decrepit urban area.
Twilight zone	undefined or intermediate zone or area.
Twilit	Dimly illuminated by twilight.
Twill	Fabric so woven as to have a surface of diagonal parallel ridges.
'Twill	it will.
Twin	each of a closely related or associated pair, esp. Of children or animals born at a birth.
Twin	exact counterpart of a person or thing.
Twin	zodiacal sign or constellation gemini.
Twin	Forming, or being one of, such a pair
Twin	a join intimately together.
Twin	pair.
Twin	bear twins.
Twin	link
Twin	with one in a different country, for friendship and cultural exchange.
Twin bed	Each of a pair of single beds.
Twine	strong
Twine	string of twisted strands of fibre.
Twine	coil, twist.
Twine	form
Twine	By twisting strands.
Twine	weave
Twine	garland
Twine	coil or wind.
Twine	refl.
Twine	grow in this way.
Twin-engined	Having two engines.
Twinge	Sharp momentary local pain or pang.
Twinkle	Shine with rapidly intermittent gleams.
Twinkle	sparkle.
Twinkle	move lightly and rapidly.
Twinkle	sparkle or gleam of the eyes.
Twinkle	twinkling light.
Twinkle	light rapid movement.
Twin set	Woman's matching cardigan and jumper.
Twin town	Town twinned with another.
Twirl	Spin, swing, or twist quickly and lightly round.
Twirl	twirling motion.
Twirl	flourish made with a pen.
Twist	a change the form of by rotating one end and not the other or the two ends in opposite directions.
Twist	undergo such a change.
Twist	wrench or pull out of shape with a twisting action
Twist	a wind
Twist	About each other.
Twist	form
Twist	In this way.
Twist	a give a spiral form to.
Twist	take a spiral form.
Twist	break off by twisting.
Twist	misrepresent the meaning of
Twist	a take a winding course.
Twist	make
Twist	in a winding manner.
Twist	Cheat.
Twist	(as twisted
Twist	) Derog.
Twist	neurotic; perverted.
Twist	dance the twist.
Twist	act of twisting.
Twist	twisted state.
Twist	thing formed by twisting.
Twist	point at which a thing twists or bends.
Twist	usu. Derog. Peculiar tendency of mind or character etc.
Twist	unexpected development of events, esp. In a story etc.
Twist	popular
Twist	960s dance with a twisting movement of the hips.
Twist	crazy. Twist a person's arm
Twist	Coerce, esp. Using moral pressure. Twist round one's finger easily persuade or dominate
Twister	Swindler.
Twit1	foolish person.
Twit2	reproach or taunt, usu. Good-humouredly.
Twitch	Move or contract spasmodically.
Twitch	pull sharply at.
Twitch	sudden involuntary contraction or movement.
Twitch	sudden pull or jerk.
Twitch	State of nervousness.
Twitch	(in sense
Twitcher	Bird-watcher seeking sightings of rare birds.
Twitter	emit a succession of light tremulous sounds.
Twitter	utter or express in this way.
Twitter	act of twittering.
Twitter	Tremulously excited state.
Two	one more than one.
Two	symbol for this
Two	size etc. Denoted by two.
Two	two o'clock.
Two-bit	Cheap, petty.
Two-dimensional	having or appearing to have length and breadth but no depth.
Two-dimensional	lacking substance; superficial.
Two-edged	Double-edged.
Two-faced	Insincere; deceitful.
Twofold	twice as much or as many.
Twofold	consisting of two parts.
Two-handed	having, using, or requiring the use of two hands.
Two-handed	for two players.
Twopence	sum of two pence.
Twopence	Thing of little value
Twopenny	costing two pence.
Twopenny	Cheap, worthless.
Twopenny-halfpenny	Cheap, insignificant.
Two-piece	Consisting of two matching items.
Two-piece	Two-piece suit etc.
Two-ply	Of two strands or layers etc.
Two-ply	two-ply wool.
Two-ply	two-ply wood.
Twosome	Two persons together.
Two-step	Dance in march or polka time.
Two-stroke	having its power cycle completed in one up-and-down movement of the piston.
Two-stroke	Two-stroke engine.
Two-time	be unfaithful to
Two-time	swindle.
Two-tone	Having two colours or sounds.
'Twould	it would.
Two-way	involving two directions or participants.
Two-way	capable of transmitting and receiving signals.
Two-way mirror	Panel of glass that can be seen through from one side and is a mirror on the other.
-ty1	forming nouns denoting quality or condition
-ty2	denoting tens
Tycoon	Business magnate.
Tyke	unpleasant or
Tyke	man.
Tyke	small child.
Tympanum	middle ear.
Tympanum	eardrum.
Tympanum	archit.
Tympanum	vertical triangular space forming the centre of a pediment.
Tympanum	similar space over a door between the lintel and the arch.
Tynwald	Parliament of the isle of man.
Type	sort, class, or kind.
Type	person, thing, or event exemplifying a class or group.
Type	(in
Type	) Made of, resembling, or functioning as
Type	Person, esp. Of a specified character
Type	object, conception, or work of art, serving as a model for subsequent artists.
Type	printing a piece of metal etc. With a raised letter or character on its upper surface for printing.
Type	kind or size of such pieces
Type	set or supply of these
Type	write with a typewriter.
Type	typecast.
Type	esp. Biol.
Type	med. Assign to a type; classify.
Typecast	(past and
Typecast	-cast) assign
Typecast	repeatedly to the same type of role.
Typeface	Printing
Typeface	inked surface of type.
Typeface	set of characters in one design.
Typescript	Typewritten document.
Typesetter	Printing
Typesetter	person who composes type.
Typesetter	composing-machine.
Typewriter	Machine with keys for producing printlike characters one at a time on paper inserted round a roller.
Typewritten	Produced on a typewriter.
Typhoid	infectious bacterial fever attacking the intestines.
Typhoon	Violent hurricane in e. Asian seas.
Typhus	Infectious fever with a purple rash, headaches, and usu. Delirium.
Typical	serving as a characteristic example; representative
Typical	characteristic of a particular person, thing, or type
Typical	Typically
Typify	be typical of.
Typify	represent by or as a type or symbol.
Typist	Person who types, esp. For a living.
Typo	Typographical error.
Typography	printing as an art.
Typography	style and appearance of printed matter.
Typography	Typographical
Typography	Typographically
Tyrannical	Despotic; unjustly severe.
Tyrannize	treat despotically or cruelly.
Tyrannosaurus	dinosaur with very short front legs and a long well-developed tail.
Tyranny	cruel and arbitrary use of authority.
Tyranny	a rule by a tyrant.
Tyranny	period of this.
Tyranny	state ruled by a tyrant.
Tyrant	oppressive or cruel ruler.
Tyrant	person exercising power arbitrarily or cruelly.
Tyre	rubber covering, usu. Inflated, placed round a wheel to form a soft contact with the road.
Tyrian	Of ancient tyre in phoenicia.
Tyrian	Native or citizen of tyre.
Tzatziki	Greek side dish of yoghurt with cucumber.
U1	twenty-first letter of the alphabet.
U1	u-shaped object or curve.
U2	Upper class or supposedly upper class.
U3	Universal
U4	Uranium.
Ub40	card issued to people claiming unemployment benefit.
Ub40	Unemployed person.
Ubiquitous	present everywhere simultaneously.
Ubiquitous	often encountered.
U-boat	Hist. German submarine.
U.c.	Upper case.
Ucca	Universities central council on admissions.
Uda	Ulster defence association
Udder	Baglike mammary organ of cattle etc., with several teats.
Udi	Unilateral declaration of independence.
Udr	Ulster defence regiment.
Uefa	Union of european football associations.
Ufo	unidentified flying object.
Ugh	expressing disgust etc.
Ugh	sound of a cough or grunt.
Ugli	propr. Mottled green and yellow hybrid of a grapefruit and a tangerine.
Uglify	make ugly.
Ugly	unpleasant to the eye, ear, or mind etc.
Ugly	unpleasantly suggestive; discreditable
Ugly	threatening, dangerous
Ugly	morally repulsive
Ugly customer	Threatening or violent person.
Ugly duckling	Person lacking early promise but blossoming later.
Uhf	Ultrahigh frequency.
Uh-huh	Yes; indeed.
Uht	Ultra heat treated
Uk	United kingdom.
Ukrainian	native or language of ukraine.
Ukrainian	person of ukrainian descent.
Ukrainian	Of ukraine, its people, or language.
Ukulele	Small four-stringed hawaiian guitar.
Ulcer	open sore on or in the body, often forming pus.
Ulcer	corrupting influence etc.
Ulcerate	form into or affect with an ulcer.
-ule	forming diminutive nouns
Ullage	amount by which a cask etc. Falls short of being full.
Ullage	loss by evaporation or leakage.
Ulna	thinner and longer bone in the forearm, opposite to the thumb.
Ulna	corresponding bone in an animal's foreleg or a bird's wing.
Ulster	Long loose overcoat of rough cloth.
Ulsterman	native of ulster.
Ult.	Ultimo.
Ulterior	Not evident or admitted; hidden, secret
Ultimate	last or last possible, final.
Ultimate	fundamental, primary, basic
Ultimate	best achievable or imaginable.
Ultimate	final or fundamental fact or principle.
Ultimatum	final statement of terms, the rejection of which could cause hostility etc.
Ultimo	Commerce of last month (the
Ultimo	8th ultimo).
Ultra	Extreme, esp. In religion or politics.
Ultra	Extremist.
Ultra-	Form
Ultra-	extreme
Ultra-	, excessive
Ultra-	beyond.
Ultra-high	in the range
Ultra-high	00 to
Ultra-high	000 megahertz.
Ultramarine	brilliant blue pigment orig. From lapis lazuli.
Ultramarine	colour of this.
Ultramarine	Of this colour.
Ultramicroscopic	Too small to be seen by an ordinary optical microscope.
Ultramontane	situated beyond the alps.
Ultramontane	advocating supreme papal authority.
Ultramontane	person living beyond the alps.
Ultramontane	advocate of supreme papal authority.
Ultrasonic	Of or using sound waves pitched above the range of human hearing.
Ultrasonics	pl.
Ultrasonics	Science of ultrasonic waves.
Ultrasound	Ultrasonic waves.
Ultraviolet	Of or using radiation with a frequency just beyond that of the violet end of the visible spectrum.
Ultra vires	adj. Beyond one's legal power or authority.
Ululate	howl, wail.
Um	Expressing hesitation or a pause in speech.
Umbel	Flower-cluster with stalks springing from a common centre and forming a flat or curved surface.
Umbelliferous	bearing umbels, such as parsley and carrot.
Umber	natural pigment like ochre but darker and browner.
Umber	colour of this.
Umber	Of this colour.
Umbilical	Of the navel.
Umbilical cord	Cordlike structure attaching a foetus to the placenta.
Umbilicus	navel.
Umbra	total shadow, esp. That cast on the earth by the moon during a solar eclipse.
Umbrage	Offence taken
Umbrella	collapsible cloth canopy on a central stick, used against rain, strong sun, etc.
Umbrella	protection, patronage.
Umbrella	(often
Umbrella	) Coordinating agency
Umlaut	mark
Umlaut	used over a vowel, esp. In germanic languages, to indicate a vowel change.
Umlaut	such a vowel change, e.g. German mann, männer, english man, men.
Umpire	Person enforcing rules and settling disputes in esp. Cricket or between disputants.
Umpire	Act as umpire
Umpteen	Indefinitely many; a lot of.
Umpteen	Indefinitely many.
Un	United nations.
Un-1 	added to adjectives and participles and their derivative nouns and adverbs, meaning: a not
Un-1 	reverse of
Un-1 	added to nouns, meaning ‘a lack of’, ‘the reverse of’
Un-2 	added to verbs and
Un-2 	nouns, forming verbs denoting:
Un-2 	reversal
Un-2 	deprivation
Un-2 	release from
Un-2 	causing to be no longer
Un-3 	chem. Denoting ‘one’, combined with other numerical roots nil (=
Un-3 	), un (=
Un-3 	), bi (=
Un-3 	), etc., to form the names of elements based on the atomic number, and terminated with -ium, e.g. Unnilquadium =
Un-3 	04, ununbium =
Un-3 	12.
Unabashed	Not abashed.
Unabated	Not abated; undiminished.
Unable	Not able.
Unabridged	Complete; not abridged.
Unacademic	Not academic.
Unacceptable	Not acceptable.
Unaccompanied	not accompanied.
Unaccompanied	Without accompaniment.
Unaccomplished	uncompleted.
Unaccomplished	lacking accomplishments.
Unaccountable	without explanation; strange.
Unaccountable	not answerable for one's actions.
Unaccounted	unexplained; excluded.
Unaccustomed	not accustomed.
Unaccustomed	unusual
Unacknowledged	Not acknowledged.
Unacquainted	not acquainted.
Unadopted	not maintained by a local authority.
Unadorned	Plain.
Unadulterated	pure.
Unadulterated	complete, utter.
Unadventurous	Not adventurous.
Unadvised	indiscreet; rash.
Unadvised	without advice.
Unaffected	not affected.
Unaffected	free from affectation.
Unaffiliated	Not affiliated.
Unafraid	Not afraid.
Unaided	Without help.
Unalike	Not alike; different.
Unalloyed	complete; utter
Unalloyed	pure.
Unalterable	Not alterable.
Unaltered	Not altered; remaining the same.
Unambiguous	Not ambiguous; clear or definite in meaning.
Unambitious	Not ambitious.
Un-american	uncharacteristic of americans.
Un-american	contrary to us interests, treasonable.
Unamused	Not amused.
Unanimous	all in agreement
Unanimous	By all without exception
Unanimous	Unanimously
Unannounced	Not announced; without warning
Unanswerable	irrefutable
Unanswerable	unable to be answered
Unanswered	Not answered.
Unanticipated	Not anticipated.
Unappealing	Unattractive.
Unappetizing	Not appetizing.
Unappreciated	Not appreciated.
Unappreciative	Not appreciative.
Unapproachable	inaccessible.
Unapproachable	unfriendly.
Unarmed	Not armed; without weapons.
Unashamed	feeling no guilt.
Unashamed	blatant; bold.
Unassailable	Unable to be attacked; impregnable.
Unassuming	Not pretentious; modest.
Unattached	not engaged, married, etc.
Unattached	not attached, esp. To a particular organization etc.
Unattainable	Not attainable.
Unattended	not attended.
Unattended	Alone.
Unattractive	Not attractive.
Unattributable	not attributed to a source etc.
Unauthorized	not authorized.
Unavailable	Not available.
Unavailing	Achieving nothing.
Unavoidable	Inevitable.
Unaware	not aware.
Unaware	unperceptive.
Unawares	unexpectedly.
Unawares	inadvertently.
Unbalanced	emotionally unstable.
Unbalanced	biased
Unban	remove prohibited status from; allow.
Unbar	unlock, open.
Unbar	remove a bar from
Unbearable	Unendurable.
Unbeatable	Not beatable; excelling.
Unbeaten	not beaten.
Unbeaten	Not surpassed.
Unbecoming	unflattering
Unbecoming	not fitting; indecorous.
Unbeknown	without the knowledge of
Unbelief	Lack of esp. Religious belief.
Unbelief	Unbelieving
Unbelievable	Not believable; incredible.
Unbend	(past and
Unbend	Unbent)
Unbend	straighten.
Unbend	relax; become affable.
Unbending	inflexible.
Unbending	firm; austere.
Unbiased	impartial.
Unbidden	Not commanded or invited
Unbind	(past and
Unbind	Unbound) release; unfasten, untie.
Unbleached	Not bleached.
Unblemished	Not blemished.
Unblinking	not blinking.
Unblinking	steadfast; stolid.
Unblock	Remove an obstruction from.
Unblushing	shameless.
Unblushing	frank.
Unbolt	Release the bolt of
Unborn	Not yet, or never to be, born
Unbosom	Disclose
Unbosom	; unburden oneself.
Unbothered	Not bothered; unconcerned.
Unbound1	not bound.
Unbound1	unconstrained.
Unbound1	without a binding.
Unbound1	having paper covers.
Unbounded	Infinite
Unbreakable	Not breakable.
Unbridgeable	Unable to be bridged.
Unbridle	remove a bridle, constraints, etc., from
Unbroken	not broken.
Unbroken	untamed
Unbroken	uninterrupted
Unbroken	unsurpassed
Unbuckle	release the buckle of
Unburden	relieve
Unburden	By confession etc.
Unbusinesslike	Not businesslike.
Unbutton	unfasten the buttons of
Unbutton	Relax.
Uncalled-for	Rude, unnecessary.
Uncanny	seemingly supernatural; mysterious.
Uncanny	Uncanniness
Uncapped	Sport
Uncapped	not yet awarded his cap or never having been selected to represent his country.
Uncared-for	Disregarded; neglected.
Uncaring	Neglectful, lacking compassion.
Unceasing	Not ceasing; continuous
Uncensored	Not censored.
Unceremonious	abrupt; discourteous.
Unceremonious	informal.
Uncertain	not certainly knowing or known
Uncertain	unreliable.
Uncertain	changeable, erratic
Uncertain	Uncertainty
Unchain	Remove the chain
Unchain	from; release.
Unchallengeable	Not challengeable; unassailable.
Unchallenged	Not challenged.
Unchangeable	Unable to be changed.
Unchanged	Not changed; unaltered.
Unchanging	Not changing; remaining the same.
Unchaperoned	Without a chaperone.
Uncharacteristic	Not characteristic.
Uncharitable	Censorious, severe in judgement.
Uncharted	Not mapped or surveyed.
Unchecked	not checked.
Unchecked	unrestrained
Unchivalrous	Not chivalrous.
Unchristian	Contrary to christian principles, esp. Uncaring or selfish.
Uncial	Of or written in rounded unjoined letters similar to capitals, found in manuscripts of the
Uncial	th–8th c.
Uncial	Uncial letter, style, or ms.
Uncircumcised	Not circumcised.
Uncivil	Ill-mannered; impolite.
Uncivilized	not civilized.
Uncivilized	rough; uncultured.
Unclaimed	Not claimed.
Unclasp	loosen the clasp
Unclasp	of.
Unclasp	release the grip of
Unclassified	not classified.
Unclassified	not secret.
Uncle	a brother of one's father or mother.
Uncle	aunt's husband.
Uncle	parent's male friend.
Uncle	esp. Hist. Pawnbroker.
-uncle	forming nouns, usu. Diminutives
Unclean	not clean.
Unclean	unchaste.
Unclean	religiously impure; forbidden.
Unclear	not clear or easy to understand.
Unclear	uncertain
Unclench	release
Unclench	Become relaxed or open.
Uncle sam	Us government.
Unclothe	remove clothes, leaves, etc. From.
Unclothe	expose, reveal.
Unclouded	clear; bright.
Unclouded	untroubled
Uncluttered	Not cluttered; austere, simple.
Uncoil	Unwind.
Uncoloured	having no colour.
Uncoloured	not influenced; impartial.
Uncombed	not combed.
Uncomfortable	not comfortable.
Uncomfortable	uneasy; disquieting
Uncommercial	Not commercial.
Uncommitted	not committed.
Uncommitted	not politically attached.
Uncommon	unusual.
Uncommon	remarkably great etc.
Uncommon	Uncommonness
Uncommunicative	Taciturn.
Uncompetitive	Not competitive.
Uncomplaining	Not complaining; resigned.
Uncompleted	Not completed; incomplete.
Uncomplicated	Simple; straightforward.
Uncomplimentary	Insulting.
Uncomprehending	Not comprehending.
Uncompromising	Stubborn; unyielding.
Unconcealed	Not concealed; obvious.
Unconcern	Calmness; indifference; apathy.
Unconcern	Unconcernedly
Unconditional	Not subject to conditions; complete
Unconditioned reflex	Instinctive response to a stimulus.
Unconfined	Not confined; boundless.
Unconfirmed	Not confirmed.
Uncongenial	Not congenial.
Unconnected	not physically joined.
Unconnected	not connected or associated.
Unconnected	disconnected
Unconquerable	Not conquerable.
Unconscionable	without or contrary to conscience.
Unconscionable	excessive
Unconscious	Not conscious
Unconscious	Normally inaccessible part of the mind affecting the emotions etc.
Unconscious	Unconsciousness
Unconsidered	not considered; disregarded.
Unconsidered	not premeditated.
Unconstitutional	In breach of a political constitution or procedural rules.
Unconstrained	Not constrained or compelled.
Uncontaminated	Not contaminated.
Uncontested	Not contested.
Uncontrollable	Not controllable.
Uncontrolled	Not controlled; unrestrained.
Uncontroversial	Not controversial.
Unconventional	Unusual; unorthodox.
Unconventional	Unconventionally
Unconvinced	Not convinced.
Unconvincing	Not convincing.
Uncooked	Not cooked; raw.
Uncooperative	Not cooperative.
Uncoordinated	not coordinated.
Uncoordinated	clumsy.
Uncork	draw the cork from
Uncork	vent
Uncorroborated	Not corroborated.
Uncountable	inestimable, immense
Uncountable	not used in the plural or with the indefinite article
Uncouple	release from couplings or couples.
Uncouth	Uncultured, rough.
Uncover	remove a cover or covering from.
Uncover	disclose
Uncritical	not critical; complacently accepting.
Uncritical	not in accordance with the principles of criticism.
Uncross	remove from a crossed position.
Uncross	(as uncrossed
Uncross	not crossed.
Uncrown	deprive of a crown, a position, etc.
Uncrown	(as uncrowned
Uncrown	not crowned.
Uncrown	having the status but not the name of
Unction	a anointing with oil etc. As a religious rite or medical treatment.
Unction	oil, ointment, etc. So used.
Unction	a soothing words or thought.
Unction	excessive or insincere flattery.
Unction	a emotional fervency.
Unction	pretence of this.
Unctuous	unpleasantly flattering; oily.
Unctuous	greasy or soapy.
Uncultivated	Not cultivated.
Uncured	not cured.
Uncured	Not salted or smoked.
Uncurl	Straighten out, untwist.
Uncut	not cut.
Uncut	with the pages sealed or untrimmed.
Uncut	Complete; uncensored.
Uncut	(of esp.
Uncut	diamond) not shaped.
Uncut	with a looped pile.
Undamaged	Intact.
Undated	Without a date.
Undaunted	Not daunted.
Undeceive	free
Undeceive	from a misconception, deception, or error.
Undecided	not settled.
Undecided	irresolute.
Undeclared	Not declared.
Undefeated	Not defeated.
Undefended	Not defended.
Undefined	Not defined; vague, indefinite.
Undemanding	Not demanding; easily done or satisfied
Undemocratic	Not democratic.
Undemonstrative	Not emotionally expressive; reserved.
Undeniable	Indisputable; certain.
Under	a in or to a position lower than; below; beneath
Under	on the inside of
Under	inferior to; less than (no-one under a major; is under
Under	8; was under £20).
Under	a subject to; controlled by
Under	undergoing
Under	classified or subsumed in
Under	at the foot of or sheltered by
Under	planted with
Under	powered by
Under	in or to a lower position or condition
Under	In or into unconsciousness
Under- 	in senses of *under:
Under- 	below, beneath
Under- 	lower; subordinate
Under- 	insufficiently, incompletely
Underachieve	do less well than might be expected
Underact	Theatr. Act with insufficient force.
Under-age	not old enough.
Underarm	Sport, esp. Cricket with the arm below shoulder-level.
Underarm	under the arm
Underarm	in the armpit.
Underbelly	undersurface of an animal, vehicle, etc., esp. As vulnerable to attack.
Underbid	(-dd-; past and
Underbid	-bid)
Underbid	make a lower bid than.
Underbid	Bridge etc. Bid less on
Underbid	than warranted.
Underbid	Such a bid.
Undercarriage	wheeled retractable structure beneath an aircraft, used for landing etc.
Undercarriage	supporting frame of a vehicle.
Undercharge	charge too little to
Undercharge	give too little charge to
Underclothes	pl. Clothes worn under others, esp. Next to the skin.
Underclothing	Underclothes collectively.
Undercoat	a layer of paint under a topcoat.
Undercoat	paint for this.
Undercoat	animal's under layer of hair etc.
Undercook	Cook insufficiently.
Undercover	(usu.
Undercover	surreptitious.
Undercover	spying incognito, esp. By infiltration
Undercroft	Crypt.
Undercurrent	current below the surface.
Undercurrent	underlying often contrary feeling, influence, etc.
Undercut	(-tt-; past and
Undercut	-cut)
Undercut	sell or work at a lower price than.
Undercut	strike
Undercut	to make it rise high.
Undercut	cut away the part below.
Undercut	undermine.
Undercut	Underside of sirloin.
Underdeveloped	not fully developed; immature.
Underdeveloped	With unexploited potential.
Underdog	oppressed person.
Underdog	loser in a fight.
Underdone	Undercooked.
Underemployed	Not fully occupied.
Underestimate	form too low an estimate of.
Underestimate	Estimate that is too low.
Underexpose	expose
Underexpose	for too short a time etc.
Underfed	Malnourished.
Underfelt	Felt laid under a carpet.
Underfloor	Beneath the floor
Underfoot	under one's feet.
Underfoot	on the ground.
Underfunded	Provided with insufficient money.
Undergarment	Piece of underclothing.
Undergo	(3rd sing. Present -goes; past -went;
Undergo	-gone) be subjected to; suffer; endure.
Undergraduate	Person studying for a first degree.
Underground	beneath the ground.
Underground	in or into secrecy or hiding.
Underground	situated underground.
Underground	secret, subversive.
Underground	unconventional
Underground	underground railway.
Underground	secret subversive group or activity.
Undergrowth	Dense shrubs etc., esp. In a wood.
Underhand	deceitful; crafty; secret.
Underhand	sport, esp. Cricket underarm.
Underlay1	(past and
Underlay1	-laid) lay something under
Underlay1	to support or raise it.
Underlay1	Thing so laid
Underlie	(-lying; past -lay;
Underlie	-lain)
Underlie	Lie under
Underlie	(esp. As underlying
Underlie	) Be the basis of
Underlie	exist beneath the superficial aspect of.
Underline	draw a line under
Underline	To give emphasis, indicate italic type, etc.
Underline	emphasize, stress.
Underling	Usu. Derog. Subordinate.
Undermanned	Having an insufficient crew or staff.
Undermentioned	Mentioned later in a book etc.
Undermine	injure
Undermine	Secretly or insidiously.
Undermine	wear away the base of
Undermine	make an excavation under.
Underneath	at or to a lower place than, below.
Underneath	on the inside of.
Underneath	at or to a lower place.
Underneath	inside.
Underneath	Lower surface or part.
Underneath	Lower.
Undernourished	Insufficiently nourished.
Underpants	pl. Undergarment, esp. Men's, covering the genitals and buttocks.
Underpart	Lower or subordinate part.
Underpass	road etc. Passing under another.
Underpass	subway.
Underpay	(past and
Underpay	-paid) pay too little to
Underpay	or for
Underpin	support from below with masonry etc.
Underpin	support, strengthen.
Underplay	make little of.
Underplay	theatr. Underact.
Underpopulated	Having an insufficient or very small population.
Underprice	price lower than what is usual or appropriate.
Underprivileged	Less privileged than others; having below average income, rights, etc.
Underrate	have too low an opinion of.
Undersea	Below the sea or its surface.
Underseal	Seal the underpart of (esp.
Underseal	vehicle against rust etc.).
Underseal	Protective coating for this.
Under-secretary	subordinate official, esp.
Under-secretary	junior minister or senior civil servant.
Undersell	(past and
Undersell	-sold) sell at a lower price than
Undersexed	Having unusually weak sexual desires.
Undershirt	Esp. Us man's or boy's vest.
Undershoot	(past and
Undershoot	-shot) land short of
Undershot	turned by water flowing under it.
Undershot	projecting beyond the upper jaw.
Underside	Lower or under side or surface.
Undersigned	Whose signature is appended
Undersized	Smaller than average.
Underskirt	Petticoat.
Underslung	Supported from above.
Underspend	(past and
Underspend	-spent)
Underspend	Spend less than
Underspend	, or too little.
Understaffed	Having too few staff.
Understand	(past and
Understand	-stood)
Understand	perceive the meaning of
Understand	perceive the significance or cause of
Understand	Sympathize with, know how to deal with
Understand	Infer, take as implied
Understanding	ability to understand or think; intelligence.
Understanding	individual's perception of a situation etc.
Understanding	agreement, esp. Informal
Understanding	sympathy; tolerance.
Understanding	having understanding or insight.
Understanding	sympathetic.
Understate	express mildly or in a restrained way.
Understate	represent as less than it actually is.
Understeer	Tendency of a vehicle not to turn sharply enough.
Undersubscribed	Without sufficient subscribers, participants, etc.
Undersurface	Lower or under surface.
Undertake	(-king; past -took;
Undertake	-taken)
Undertake	agree to perform or be responsible for; engage in, enter upon
Undertake	Promise.
Undertake	guarantee
Undertaker	Professional funeral organizer.
Undertaking	work etc. Undertaken, enterprise
Undertaking	promise.
Undertaking	professional funeral management.
Underthings	pl. Underclothes.
Undertone	subdued tone or colour.
Undertone	underlying quality or feeling.
Undertow	Current below the surface of the sea contrary to the surface current.
Underused	Not used to capacity.
Undervalue	value insufficiently.
Undervalue	underestimate.
Undervest	Vest.
Underwater	Situated or done under water.
Underwater	Under water.
Underwear	Underclothes.
Underweight	Below normal weight.
Underweight	Insufficient weight.
Underwhelm	Joc. Fail to impress.
Underworld	those who live by organized crime and vice.
Underworld	mythical abode of the dead under the earth.
Underwrite	(-ting; past -wrote;
Underwrite	-written)
Underwrite	a sign and accept liability under
Underwrite	accept
Underwrite	in this way.
Underwrite	undertake to finance or support.
Underwrite	engage to buy all the unsold stock in
Undescended	not descending normally into the scrotum.
Undeserved	Not deserved.
Undeserving	Not deserving.
Undesigned	Unintentional.
Undesirable	Objectionable, unpleasant.
Undesirable	Undesirable person.
Undetectable	Not detectable.
Undetected	Not detected.
Undeterred	Not deterred.
Undeveloped	Not developed.
Undies	underclothes.
Undifferentiated	Not differentiated; amorphous.
Undigested	not digested.
Undigested	Not properly arranged or considered.
Undignified	Lacking dignity.
Undiluted	not diluted.
Undiluted	complete, utter.
Undiminished	Not diminished or lessened.
Undine	Female water-spirit.
Undiplomatic	Tactless.
Undisciplined	Lacking discipline; not disciplined.
Undisclosed	Not revealed or made known.
Undiscovered	Not discovered.
Undiscriminating	Lacking good judgement.
Undisguised	Not disguised; open.
Undismayed	Not dismayed.
Undisputed	Not disputed or called in question.
Undistinguished	Not distinguished; mediocre.
Undisturbed	Not disturbed or interfered with.
Undivided	Not divided or shared; whole, entire
Undo	(3rd sing. Present -does; past -did;
Undo	-done; pres. Part. -doing)
Undo	unfasten
Undo	, or the clothing of
Undo	annul, cancel
Undo	ruin the prospects, reputation, or morals of.
Undoing	ruin or cause of ruin.
Undoing	reversing of an action etc.
Undoing	opening or unfastening.
Undone	not done.
Undone	not fastened.
Undone	ruined.
Undoubted	Certain, not questioned.
Undreamed	not dreamed, thought, or imagined.
Undress	take off one's clothes.
Undress	take the clothes off
Undress	ordinary or casual dress, esp. As opposed to full dress or uniform.
Undress	naked or scantily clad state.
Undressed	not, or no longer, dressed.
Undressed	without a dressing.
Undressed	Not treated.
Undrinkable	Unfit for drinking.
Undue	Excessive, disproportionate.
Undulate	have a wavy motion or look.
Undying	Immortal; never-ending
Unearned	Not earned.
Unearned income	Income from investments etc. Rather than from working.
Unearth	Discover by searching, digging, or rummaging.
Unearthly	supernatural, mysterious.
Unearthly	Absurdly early or inconvenient
Unease	Nervousness, anxiety.
Uneasy	nervous, anxious.
Uneasy	disturbing
Uneasy	Uneasiness
Uneatable	Not able to be eaten
Uneaten	Left not eaten.
Uneconomic	Not economic; unprofitable.
Uneconomical	Not economical; wasteful.
Unedifying	Distasteful, degrading.
Unedited	Not edited.
Uneducated	Not educated.
Unembarrassed	Not embarrassed.
Unemotional	Not emotional; lacking emotion.
Unemphatic	Not emphatic.
Unemployable	Unfit for paid employment.
Unemployed	out of work.
Unemployed	not in use.
Unemployment	being unemployed.
Unemployment	lack of employment in a country etc.
Unemployment benefit	State payment made to an unemployed person.
Unencumbered	not having liabilities (e.g.
Unencumbered	mortgage).
Unencumbered	free; not burdened.
Unending	Endless or seemingly endless.
Unendurable	Too bad to be borne.
Unenlightened	Not enlightened.
Unenterprising	Not enterprising.
Unenthusiastic	Not enthusiastic.
Unenviable	Not enviable.
Unequal	not equal.
Unequal	of varying quality.
Unequal	unfair
Unequaled	superior to all others.
Unequalled	superior to all others.
Unequivocal	Not ambiguous, plain, unmistakable.
Unerring	Not erring; true, certain.
Unesco	united nations educational, scientific, and cultural organization.
Unethical	Not ethical, esp. Unscrupulous or unprofessional.
Uneven	not level or smooth.
Uneven	of variable quality etc.
Uneven	unequal.
Uneven	Unevenness
Uneventful	Not eventful.
Unexampled	Without precedent.
Unexceptionable	Entirely satisfactory.
Unexceptional	Usual, normal, ordinary.
Unexceptional	Usual, normal, ordinary.
Unexciting	Not exciting; dull.
Unexpected	Not expected; surprising.
Unexpected	Unexpectedness
Unexplained	Not explained.
Unexplored	Not explored.
Unexposed	Not exposed.
Unexpressed	Not expressed or made known
Unexpurgated	Complete.
Unfading	Never fading.
Unfailing	Not failing or dwindling; constant; reliable.
Unfair	Not fair, just, or impartial.
Unfair	Unfairness
Unfaithful	not faithful, esp. Adulterous.
Unfaithful	treacherous; disloyal.
Unfaithful	Unfaithfulness
Unfamiliar	Not familiar.
Unfashionable	Not fashionable.
Unfasten	make or become loose.
Unfasten	open the fastening
Unfasten	of.
Unfasten	detach.
Unfathomable	Incapable of being fathomed.
Unfavorable	not favourable; adverse, hostile.
Unfavourable	not favourable; adverse, hostile.
Unfeasible	Not feasible; impractical.
Unfeeling	Unsympathetic, harsh.
Unfeigned	Genuine, sincere.
Unfertilized	not fertilized.
Unfetter	Release from fetters.
Unfilled	Not filled.
Unfinished	Not finished; incomplete.
Unfit	Not fit.
Unfitted	not fit.
Unfitted	not fitted or suited.
Unfitted	having no fittings.
Unfitting	Not suitable, unbecoming.
Unfix	Release, loosen, or detach.
Unflagging	Tireless, persistent.
Unflappable	Imperturbable; calm.
Unflattering	Not flattering.
Unfledged	inexperienced.
Unfledged	not yet fledged.
Unflinching	Not flinching.
Unfold	open the fold or folds of, spread out.
Unfold	reveal
Unfold	become opened out.
Unfold	develop.
Unforced	easy, natural.
Unforced	not compelled or constrained.
Unforeseeable	Not foreseeable.
Unforeseen	Not foreseen.
Unforgettable	That cannot be forgotten; memorable, wonderful.
Unforgivable	That cannot be forgiven.
Unforgiving	Not forgiving.
Unformed	not formed; undeveloped.
Unformed	shapeless.
Unforthcoming	Not forthcoming.
Unfortunate	unlucky.
Unfortunate	unhappy.
Unfortunate	regrettable.
Unfortunate	Unfortunate person.
Unfortunately	it is unfortunate that.
Unfortunately	in an unfortunate manner.
Unfounded	Without foundation
Unfreeze	(-zing; past unfroze;
Unfreeze	Unfrozen)
Unfreeze	thaw.
Unfreeze	derestrict
Unfrequented	Not frequented.
Unfriendly	not friendly; hostile.
Unfrozen	Of *unfreeze.
Unfulfilled	Not fulfilled.
Unfunny	failing to amuse.
Unfurl	unroll, spread out
Unfurl	become unrolled.
Unfurnished	not supplied.
Unfurnished	without furniture.
Ungainly	Awkward, clumsy.
Ungenerous	Mean.
Ungentlemanly	Not gentlemanly.
Unget-at-able	Inaccessible.
Ungird	Release the girdle, belt, etc. Of.
Ungodly	impious, wicked.
Ungodly	Outrageous
Ungovernable	Uncontrollable, violent.
Ungraceful	Lacking grace or elegance.
Ungracious	Discourteous; grudging.
Ungrammatical	Contrary to the rules of grammar.
Ungrateful	Not feeling or showing gratitude.
Ungreen	Not concerned with the protection of the environment; harmful to the environment.
Ungrudging	Not grudging.
Unguarded	incautious, thoughtless
Unguarded	not guarded.
Unguent	Soft ointment or lubricant.
Ungulate	Hoofed.
Ungulate	Hoofed mammal.
Unhallowed	not consecrated.
Unhallowed	not sacred, wicked.
Unhampered	Not hampered.
Unhand	Rhet. Or joc. Take one's hands off
Unhand	; release.
Unhappy	miserable.
Unhappy	unfortunate.
Unhappy	disastrous.
Unhappy	Unhappiness
Unharmed	Not harmed.
Unharness	Remove a harness from.
Unhealthy	in poor health.
Unhealthy	a harmful to health.
Unhealthy	unwholesome. C
Unhealthy	dangerous.
Unhealthy	Unhealthiness
Unheard	not heard.
Unheard	unprecedented.
Unheeded	Disregarded.
Unhelpful	Not helpful.
Unhesitating	Without hesitation.
Unhindered	Not hindered.
Unhinge	take
Unhinge	Off its hinges.
Unhinge	(esp. As unhinged
Unhinge	) Make mad or crazy.
Unhistorical	Not historical.
Unhitch	release from a hitched state.
Unhitch	unhook, unfasten.
Unholy	impious, wicked.
Unholy	Dreadful; outrageous
Unhook	remove from a hook or hooks.
Unhook	unfasten the hook
Unhook	of.
Unhoped-for	Not hoped for or expected.
Unhorse	throw
Unhorse	from a horse.
Unhurried	Not hurried.
Unhurt	Not hurt.
Unhygienic	Not hygienic.
Uni	esp. Austral.
Uni	University.
Uni-	Form one; having or consisting of one.
Uniat	Of the church in e. Europe or the near east, acknowledging papal supremacy but retaining its own liturgy etc.
Uniat	Member of such a church.
Unicameral	Having a single legislative chamber.
Unicef	United nations children's
Unicef	fund.
Unicellular	Consisting of a single cell.
Unicorn	Mythical horse with a single straight horn.
Unicycle	Single-wheeled cycle, esp. As used by acrobats.
Unidentified	Not identified.
Unification	Unifying or being unified.
Unification church	Religious organization founded by sun myung moon.
Uniform	unvarying
Uniform	conforming to the same standard, rules, etc.
Uniform	constant over a period
Uniform	Distinctive clothing worn by soldiers, police, schoolchildren, etc.
Uniform	Uniformity
Uniform	Uniformly
Unify	make or become united or uniform.
Unilateral	Done by or affecting only one person or party
Unilateralism	Unilateral disarmament.
Unimaginable	Impossible to imagine.
Unimaginative	Lacking imagination; stolid, dull.
Unimpaired	Not impaired.
Unimpeachable	Beyond reproach or question.
Unimpeded	Not impeded.
Unimportant	Not important.
Unimpressed	Not impressed.
Unimpressive	Not impressive.
Uninformed	Not informed; ignorant.
Uninhabitable	Unfit for habitation.
Uninhabited	Not inhabited.
Uninhibited	Not inhibited.
Uninitiated	Not initiated, admitted, or instructed.
Uninjured	Not injured.
Uninspired	Not inspired; commonplace, pedestrian.
Uninspiring	Not inspiring.
Unintelligent	Not intelligent.
Unintelligible	Not intelligible.
Unintended	Not intended.
Unintentional	Not intentional.
Uninterested	Not interested; indifferent.
Uninteresting	Not interesting.
Uninterrupted	Not interrupted.
Uninvited	Not invited.
Uninviting	Unattractive, repellent.
Union	uniting or being united.
Union	a whole formed from parts or members.
Union	political unit so formed.
Union	marriage.
Union	concord
Union	a university social club and
Union	debating society.
Union	buildings of this.
Union	math. Totality of the members of two or more sets.
Union	mixed fabric, e.g. Cotton with linen or silk.
Union-bashing	Media or government campaign against trade unions.
Unionist	a member of a trade union.
Unionist	advocate of trade unions.
Unionist	member of a party advocating continued union between great britain and northern ireland.
Unionize	organize in or into a trade union.
Union jack	national ensign of the united kingdom.
Unique	being the only one of its kind; having no like, equal, or parallel.
Unique	remarkable
Unisex	Designed for both sexes.
Unison	concord
Unison	coincidence in pitch of sounds or notes
Unit	a individual thing, person, or group, esp. For calculation.
Unit	smallest component of a complex whole.
Unit	quantity as a standard of measurement
Unit	smallest share in a unit trust.
Unit	part of a mechanism with a specified function.
Unit	fitted item of furniture, esp. As part of a set.
Unit	subgroup with a special function.
Unit	group of buildings, wards, etc., in a hospital.
Unit	a single-digit number.
Unit	the number ‘one’.
Unitarian	person who believes that god is one, not a trinity.
Unitarian	member of a religious body so believing.
Unitarian	Of unitarians.
Unitary	of a unit or units.
Unitary	marked by unity or uniformity.
Unit cost	Cost of producing one item.
Unite	join together; combine, esp. For a common purpose or action
Unite	join in marriage.
Unite	form a physical or chemical whole
United kingdom	Great britain and northern ireland.
United nations	pl. (as sing. Or
United nations	) Supranational peace-seeking organization.
United reformed church	Church formed in
United reformed church	972 from the english presbyterian and congregational churches.
United states	federal republic of
United states	0 states, mostly in
United states	America and including alaska and hawaii.
Unit price	Price charged for each unit of goods supplied.
Unit trust	Company investing contributions from many persons in various securities and paying proportional dividends.
Unity	a oneness; being one; interconnected parts constituting a whole
Unity	such a complex whole
Unity	a being united; solidarity.
Unity	harmony
Unity	the number ‘one’.
Univalent	Having a valency of one.
Universal	Of, belonging to, or done etc. By all; applicable to all cases.
Universal	Term, characteristic, or concept of general application.
Universal	Universally
Universal coupling	coupling or joint which can transmit rotary power by a shaft at any angle.
Universe	all existing things; creation.
Universe	all mankind.
Universe	statistics
Universe	logic all the objects under consideration.
University	educational institution of advanced learning and research conferring degrees.
University	members of this.
Unjust	Not just, not fair.
Unjust	Unjustness
Unjustifiable	Not justifiable.
Unjustified	Not justified.
Unkempt	Untidy, dishevelled.
Unkind	Not kind; harsh, cruel.
Unkind	Unkindness
Unknot	release the knot
Unknot	of, untie.
Unknowable	That cannot be known.
Unknowable	unknowable thing.
Unknowable	the postulated absolute or ultimate reality.
Unknowing	not knowing; ignorant, unconscious.
Unknown	not known, unfamiliar.
Unknown	Unknown thing, person, or quantity.
Unknown quantity	Mysterious or obscure person or thing.
Unknown soldier	Unidentified soldier etc. Symbolizing a nation's dead in war.
Unlabeled	not labelled; without a label.
Unlabelled	not labelled; without a label.
Unlace	undo the lace
Unlace	of.
Unlace	unfasten or loosen in this way.
Unladen	Not laden.
Unladen weight	Weight of a vehicle etc. When not loaded.
Unladylike	Not ladylike.
Unlatch	release the latch of.
Unlatch	open in this way.
Unlawful	Illegal, not permissible.
Unleaded	Without added lead.
Unlearn	(past and
Unlearn	Unlearned or unlearnt)
Unlearn	forget deliberately.
Unlearn	rid oneself of
Unlearned1	Not well educated; ignorant.
Unlearned2	not learnt.
Unleash	release from a leash or restraint.
Unleash	set free to engage in pursuit or attack.
Unleavened	Not leavened; made without yeast etc.
Unless	If not; except when
Unlettered	Illiterate; not well educated.
Unlicensed	Not licensed, esp. To sell alcohol.
Unlike	not like; different from.
Unlike	uncharacteristic of
Unlike	dissimilar, different.
Unlike	Differently from
Unlikely	improbable
Unlikely	Not expected
Unlikely	unpromising
Unlike signs	pl. Math. Plus and minus.
Unlimited	Unrestricted; enormous
Unlined1	Without lines or wrinkles.
Unlined2	Without a lining.
Unlisted	Not in a published list, esp. Of stock exchange prices or telephone numbers.
Unlit	Not lit.
Unload	Remove a load from
Unload	remove
Unload	from a vehicle etc.
Unload	remove the ammunition from
Unload	Get rid of.
Unlock	a release the lock of
Unlock	release or disclose by unlocking.
Unlock	release thoughts, feelings, etc. From
Unlooked-for	Unexpected.
Unloose	unfasten, loose; set free.
Unlovable	Not lovable.
Unloved	Not loved.
Unlovely	Not attractive; unpleasant.
Unloving	Not loving.
Unlucky	not fortunate or successful.
Unlucky	wretched.
Unlucky	bringing bad luck.
Unlucky	ill-judged.
Unmade	not made.
Unmake	(-king; past and
Unmake	Unmade) undo; destroy, depose, annul.
Unman	make weak, cowardly, etc.; cause to weep etc.
Unmanageable	Not easily managed or controlled.
Unmanly	Not manly.
Unmanned	not manned.
Unmanned	overcome by emotion etc.
Unmannerly	Ill-mannered.
Unmarked	not marked.
Unmarked	not noticed.
Unmarried	Not married, single.
Unmask	a remove the mask from.
Unmask	expose the true character of.
Unmask	remove one's mask.
Unmatched	Not matched or equalled.
Unmentionable	Unsuitable for polite conversation.
Unmentionable	(in
Unmentionable	) Joc. Undergarments.
Unmerciful	Merciless.
Unmerited	Not merited.
Unmet	Not achieved or fulfilled.
Unmethodical	Not methodical.
Unmindful	not mindful.
Unmissable	That cannot or should not be missed.
Unmistakable	Clear, obvious, plain.
Unmitigated	Not mitigated; absolute
Unmixed	Not mixed.
Unmodified	Not modified.
Unmoral	Not concerned with morality
Unmoved	not moved.
Unmoved	constant in purpose.
Unmoved	unemotional.
Unmusical	discordant.
Unmusical	unskilled in or indifferent to music.
Unnameable	Too bad to be named or mentioned.
Unnamed	Not named.
Unnatural	contrary to nature; not normal.
Unnatural	lacking natural feelings, esp. Cruel or wicked.
Unnatural	artificial.
Unnatural	affected.
Unnecessary	not necessary.
Unnecessary	superfluous.
Unneeded	Not needed.
Unnerve	deprive of confidence etc.
Unnoticeable	Not easily seen or noticed.
Unnoticed	Not noticed.
Unnumbered	without a number.
Unnumbered	not counted.
Unnumbered	countless.
Unobjectionable	Not objectionable; acceptable.
Unobservant	Not observant.
Unobserved	Not observed.
Unobtainable	That cannot be obtained.
Unobtrusive	Not making oneself or itself noticed.
Unoccupied	Not occupied.
Unofficial	Not officially authorized or confirmed.
Unofficial strike	Strike not ratified by the strikers' trade union.
Unopened	Not opened.
Unopposed	Not opposed.
Unorganized	not organized.
Unoriginal	Lacking originality; derivative.
Unorthodox	Not orthodox.
Unpack	Open and empty
Unpack	take
Unpack	from a package etc.
Unpaid	not paid.
Unpainted	Not painted.
Unpaired	not being one of a pair.
Unpaired	not united or arranged in pairs.
Unpalatable	Disagreeable, distasteful.
Unparalleled	Unequalled.
Unpardonable	That cannot be pardoned.
Unparliamentary language	Oaths or abuse.
Unparliamentary	Contrary to proper parliamentary usage.
Unpasteurized	not pasteurized.
Unpatriotic	Not patriotic.
Unperson	Person said not to exist, esp. By the state.
Unperturbed	Not perturbed.
Unpick	Undo the sewing of
Unpin	unfasten or detach by removing or opening a pin or pins.
Unplaced	Not placed, esp. Not one of the first three in a race etc.
Unplanned	Not planned.
Unplayable	sport
Unplayable	too fast etc. To be returned.
Unplayable	that cannot be played.
Unpleasant	Not pleasant, disagreeable.
Unpleasant	Unpleasantness
Unpleasing	Not pleasing.
Unplug	disconnect
Unplug	by removing its plug from the socket.
Unplug	unstop.
Unplumbed	not plumbed.
Unplumbed	not fully explored or understood.
Unpointed	having no point or points.
Unpointed	not punctuated.
Unpointed	Not pointed.
Unpolished	Not polished or refined; rough.
Unpolitical	Not concerned with politics.
Unpopular	Not popular; disliked.
Unpopulated	Not populated.
Unpractical	not practical.
Unpractical	without practical skill.
Unpracticed	not experienced or skilled.
Unpracticed	not put into practice.
Unpractised	not experienced or skilled.
Unpractised	not put into practice.
Unprecedented	Having no precedent; unparalleled.
Unpredictable	That cannot be predicted.
Unpredictable	Unpredictably
Unprejudiced	Not prejudiced.
Unpremeditated	Not deliberately planned, unintentional.
Unprepared	Not prepared; not ready.
Unprepossessing	Unattractive.
Unpretentious	Simple, modest, unassuming.
Unpriced	Not having a price fixed, marked, or stated.
Unprincipled	Lacking or not based on moral principles.
Unprintable	Too offensive or indecent to be printed.
Unproductive	Not productive.
Unprofessional	contrary to professional standards.
Unprofessional	unskilled, amateurish.
Unprofitable	Not profitable.
Unprogressive	Not progressive, old-fashioned.
Unpromising	Not likely to turn out well.
Unprompted	Spontaneous.
Unpronounceable	That cannot be pronounced.
Unpropitious	Not propitious.
Unprotected	Not protected.
Unprovable	That cannot be proved.
Unproved	not proved.
Unprovoked	Without provocation.
Unpublished	Not published.
Unpunctual	Not punctual.
Unpunished	Not punished.
Unputdownable	compulsively readable.
Unqualified	not legally or officially qualified.
Unqualified	complete
Unqualified	not competent
Unquenchable	That cannot be quenched.
Unquestionable	That cannot be disputed or doubted.
Unquestioned	Not disputed or doubted; definite, certain.
Unquestioning	asking no questions.
Unquestioning	Absolute.
Unquiet	restless, agitated.
Unquiet	anxious.
Unquote	(as
Unquote	) Verbal formula indicating closing quotation marks.
Unravel	make or become disentangled, unknitted, unknotted, etc.
Unravel	probe and solve
Unravel	undo
Unread	Not read.
Unread	not well-read.
Unreadable	Too dull, bad, or difficult to read.
Unready	not ready.
Unready	hesitant.
Unreal	not real.
Unreal	imaginary.
Unreal	incredible.
Unrealistic	Not realistic.
Unrealizable	that cannot be realized.
Unrealized	not realized.
Unreason	Madness; chaos; disorder.
Unreasonable	excessive
Unreasonable	not heeding reason.
Unreasoning	Not reasoning.
Unrecognizable	that cannot be recognized.
Unrecognized	not acknowledged.
Unrecorded	Not recorded.
Unredeemed	Not redeemed.
Unreel	Unwind from a reel.
Unrefined	Not refined.
Unreflecting	Not thoughtful.
Unreformed	Not reformed.
Unregenerate	Obstinately wrong or bad.
Unregistered	Not registered.
Unregulated	Not regulated.
Unrehearsed	Not rehearsed.
Unrelated	Not related.
Unrelenting	Not abating, yielding, or relaxing; unmerciful.
Unreliable	Not reliable; erratic.
Unrelieved	Not relieved; monotonously uniform.
Unremarkable	Not remarkable; uninteresting, ordinary.
Unremarked	Not mentioned or remarked upon.
Unremitting	Incessant.
Unremunerative	Not, or not very, profitable.
Unrepeatable	that cannot be done, made, or said again.
Unrepeatable	too indecent to repeat.
Unrepentant	Not repentant, impenitent.
Unrepresentative	Not representative.
Unrepresented	Not represented.
Unrequited	Not returned.
Unreserved	not reserved.
Unreserved	total; without reservation.
Unresisting	Not resisting.
Unresolved	irresolute, undecided.
Unresolved	Undetermined.
Unresponsive	Not responsive.
Unrest	Disturbed or dissatisfied state
Unrestrained	Not restrained.
Unrestricted	Not restricted.
Unrewarded	Not rewarded.
Unrewarding	Not rewarding or satisfying.
Unrighteous	Wicked.
Unripe	Not ripe.
Unrivaled	having no equal.
Unrivalled	having no equal.
Unroll	open out from a rolled-up state.
Unroll	display or be displayed like this.
Unromantic	Not romantic.
Unruffled	Calm.
Unruly	undisciplined, disorderly.
Unsaddle	remove the saddle from.
Unsaddle	unhorse.
Unsafe	Not safe.
Unsaid	Not uttered or expressed
Unsaleable	Not saleable.
Unsalted	Not salted.
Unsatisfactory	Poor, unacceptable.
Unsatisfied	Not satisfied.
Unsatisfying	Not satisfying.
Unsaturated	Chem. (of esp.
Unsaturated	fat or oil) having double or triple bonds in its molecule and therefore capable of further reaction.
Unsavory	disgusting, unpleasant.
Unsavory	morally offensive.
Unsavoury	disgusting, unpleasant.
Unsavoury	morally offensive.
Unsay	(past and
Unsay	Unsaid) retract
Unscalable	That cannot be scaled.
Unscarred	Not scarred or damaged.
Unscathed	Without injury.
Unscheduled	Not scheduled.
Unschooled	Uneducated, untrained.
Unscientific	Not scientific in method etc.
Unscramble	make plain, decode, interpret
Unscreened	not passed through a screen or sieve.
Unscreened	not checked, esp. For security or medical problems.
Unscreened	not having a screen.
Unscreened	not shown on a screen.
Unscrew	unfasten by removing a screw or screws.
Unscrew	loosen
Unscripted	Delivered impromptu.
Unscrupulous	Having no scruples, unprincipled.
Unscrupulous	Unscrupulousness
Unseal	Break the seal of; open
Unseasonable	not seasonable.
Unseasonable	untimely, inopportune.
Unseasonal	Not typical of, or appropriate to, the time or season.
Unseat	remove from (esp.
Unseat	parliamentary) seat.
Unseat	dislodge from a seat, esp. On horseback.
Unseeded	Sport
Unseeded	not seeded.
Unseeing	unobservant.
Unseeing	blind.
Unseemly	indecent.
Unseemly	unbecoming.
Unseen	not seen.
Unseen	invisible.
Unseen	to be done without preparation.
Unseen	Unseen translation.
Unselfconscious	Not self-conscious.
Unselfconscious	Unselfconsciousness
Unselfish	Concerned about others; sharing.
Unselfish	Unselfishness
Unsentimental	Not sentimental.
Unsettle	disturb; discompose.
Unsettle	derange.
Unsettled	restless, disturbed; unpredictable, changeable.
Unsettled	open to change or further discussion.
Unsettled	Unpaid.
Unsex	Deprive (a person, esp.
Unsex	woman) of the qualities of her or his sex.
Unshackle	release from shackles.
Unshackle	set free.
Unshakeable	Firm; obstinate.
Unshaken	Not shaken.
Unshaven	Not shaved.
Unsheathe	remove
Unsheathe	From a sheath.
Unshockable	Unable to be shocked.
Unshrinking	Unhesitating, fearless.
Unsighted	not sighted or seen.
Unsighted	prevented from seeing.
Unsightly	Ugly.
Unsigned	Not signed.
Unsinkable	Unable to be sunk.
Unskilful	not skilful.
Unskilled	Lacking, or
Unskilled	not needing, special skill or training.
Unskillful	not skilful.
Unsliced	not sliced.
Unsmiling	Not smiling.
Unsmoked	Not cured by smoking
Unsociable	Not sociable, disliking company.
Unsocial	not social; not suitable for or seeking society.
Unsocial	outside the normal working day
Unsocial	antisocial.
Unsoiled	Not soiled or dirtied.
Unsold	Not sold.
Unsolicited	Not asked for; voluntary.
Unsolved	Not solved.
Unsophisticated	Artless, simple, natural.
Unsorted	Not sorted.
Unsought	not sought for.
Unsought	without being requested.
Unsound	unhealthy, not sound.
Unsound	rotten, weak; unreliable.
Unsound	ill-founded.
Unsparing	lavish.
Unsparing	merciless.
Unspeakable	that cannot be expressed in words.
Unspeakable	indescribably bad.
Unspecific	Not specific; general, inexact.
Unspecified	Not specified.
Unspectacular	Not spectacular; dull.
Unspoiled	not spoilt.
Unspoken	not expressed in speech.
Unspoken	not uttered as speech.
Unsporting	Not fair or generous.
Unsportsmanlike	Unsporting.
Unstable	not stable; likely to fall.
Unstable	not stable emotionally.
Unstable	changeable.
Unstained	Not stained.
Unstated	Not stated or declared.
Unsteady	not steady or firm.
Unsteady	changeable.
Unsteady	not uniform or regular.
Unsteady	Unsteadiness
Unstick	(past and
Unstick	Unstuck) separate
Unstick	Come to grief, fail.
Unstinted	Not stinted.
Unstinting	Lavish; limitless.
Unstitch	Undo the stitches of.
Unstop	unblock.
Unstop	remove the stopper from.
Unstoppable	That cannot be stopped or prevented.
Unstrap	undo the strap
Unstrap	of.
Unstressed	Not pronounced with stress.
Unstring	(past and
Unstring	Unstrung)
Unstring	remove or relax the string
Unstring	of
Unstring	remove
Unstring	From a string.
Unstring	(esp. As unstrung
Unstring	) Unnerve.
Unstructured	not structured.
Unstructured	informal.
Unstudied	Easy, natural, spontaneous.
Unsubstantiated	Not substantiated.
Unsubtle	Not subtle; obvious; clumsy.
Unsuccessful	Not successful.
Unsuitable	Not suitable.
Unsuitable	Unsuitably
Unsuited	not fit.
Unsuited	not adapted.
Unsullied	Not sullied.
Unsung	Not celebrated, unrecognized
Unsupervised	Not supervised.
Unsupported	Not supported.
Unsure	Not sure.
Unsurpassed	Not surpassed.
Unsurprised	Not surprised.
Unsurprising	Not surprising.
Unsuspecting	Not suspecting.
Unsustainable	That cannot be sustained.
Unsweetened	Not sweetened.
Unswept	Not swept.
Unswerving	Steady, constant.
Unsymmetrical	Not symmetrical.
Unsympathetic	Not sympathetic.
Unsystematic	Not systematic.
Untainted	Not tainted.
Untalented	Not talented.
Untameable	That cannot be tamed.
Untamed	Not tamed, wild.
Untangle	disentangle.
Untapped	Not
Untapped	tapped or used
Untarnished	Not tarnished.
Untaught	Not taught.
Untaxed	Not taxed.
Unteachable	Incapable of being taught.
Untenable	Not tenable.
Untested	Not tested or proved.
Untether	Release
Untether	from a tether.
Unthinkable	unimaginable, inconceivable.
Unthinkable	Highly unlikely or undesirable.
Unthinking	thoughtless.
Unthinking	unintentional, inadvertent.
Unthread	Take the thread out of
Unthrone	dethrone.
Untidy	not neat or orderly.
Untidy	Untidiness
Untie	undo
Untie	release from bonds or attachment.
Untimely	inopportune.
Untimely	premature.
Untiring	Tireless.
Untitled	Having no title.
Untold	not told.
Untold	immeasurable
Untouchable	That may not be touched.
Untouchable	Member of a hereditary hindu group held to defile members of higher castes on contact.
Untouched	not touched.
Untouched	not affected physically, emotionally, etc.
Untouched	not discussed.
Untoward	inconvenient, unlucky.
Untoward	awkward.
Untoward	perverse, refractory.
Untoward	unseemly.
Untraceable	That cannot be traced.
Untrained	Not trained.
Untrammelled	Not trammelled, unhampered.
Untranslatable	That cannot be translated satisfactorily.
Untreated	Not treated.
Untried	not tried or tested.
Untried	inexperienced.
Untroubled	Calm, tranquil.
Untrue	not true.
Untrue	not faithful or loyal.
Untrue	deviating from an accepted standard.
Untrustworthy	Not trustworthy.
Untruth	being untrue.
Untruth	lie.
Untruthful	Not truthful.
Untuck	Free
Untuck	From being tucked in or up.
Unturned	not turned over, round, away, etc.
Unturned	not shaped by turning.
Untutored	Uneducated, untaught.
Untwine	untwist, unwind.
Untwist	Open from a twisted or spiralled state.
Unusable	Not usable.
Unused	a not in use.
Unused	never having been used.
Unused	not accustomed.
Unusual	not usual.
Unusual	remarkable.
Unutterable	Inexpressible; beyond description.
Unvarnished	not varnished.
Unvarnished	plain and straightforward
Unvarying	Not varying.
Unveil	uncover
Unveil	Ceremonially.
Unveil	reveal.
Unveil	remove a veil from; remove one's veil.
Unverified	Not verified.
Unversed	not experienced or skilled.
Unviable	Not viable.
Unvoiced	not spoken.
Unvoiced	Not voiced.
Unwaged	Not receiving a wage; unemployed.
Unwanted	Not wanted.
Unwarrantable	Unjustifiable.
Unwarranted	unauthorized.
Unwarranted	unjustified.
Unwary	not cautious.
Unwary	Unwariness
Unwashed	Not washed or clean.
Unwashed	The rabble.
Unwavering	Not wavering.
Unweaned	Not yet weaned.
Unwearying	Persistent.
Unwelcome	Not welcome or acceptable.
Unwell	Ill.
Unwholesome	detrimental to physical or moral health.
Unwholesome	unhealthy-looking.
Unwieldy	cumbersome or hard to manage, owing to size, shape, etc.
Unwieldy	Unwieldiness
Unwilling	Not willing or inclined; reluctant.
Unwilling	Unwillingness
Unwind	(past and
Unwind	Unwound)
Unwind	draw out or become drawn out after having been wound.
Unwind	Relax.
Unwinking	not winking.
Unwinking	vigilant.
Unwise	Foolish, imprudent.
Unwished	not wished for.
Unwitting	not knowing or aware
Unwitting	unintentional.
Unwonted	Not customary or usual.
Unworkable	Not workable; impracticable.
Unworkmanlike	Badly done or made.
Unworldly	Spiritual; naïve.
Unworn	Not worn or impaired by wear.
Unworried	Not worried; calm.
Unworthy	not worthy of or befitting a person etc.
Unworthy	discreditable, unseemly.
Unworthy	Unworthiness
Unwrap	remove the wrapping from.
Unwrap	open, unfold.
Unwrap	become unwrapped.
Unwritten	not written.
Unwritten	Based on custom or judicial decision, not on statute.
Unyielding	not yielding.
Unyielding	firm, obstinate.
Unzip	unfasten the zip of.
Up	at, in, or towards a higher place or a place regarded as higher, e.g. The north, a capital or a university (up in the air; up in scotland; went up to london; came up in
Up	989).
Up	a to or in an erect or required position or condition
Up	in or into an active condition
Up	in a stronger or leading position
Up	to a specified place, person, or time
Up	higher in price or value
Up	a completely
Up	more loudly or clearly
Up	completed
Up	into a compact, accumulated, or secure state
Up	out of bed, having risen
Up	0 happening, esp. Unusually
Up	appearing for trial etc.
Up	Being repaired.
Up	in the saddle.
Up	upwards and along, through, or into
Up	from the bottom to the top of.
Up	a at or in a higher part of
Up	towards the source of
Up	directed upwards
Up	of travel towards a capital or centre
Up	Spell of good fortune.
Up	Start, esp. Abruptly, to speak or act
Up	raise
Up	Steadily improving. Up against
Up	close to.
Up	in or into contact with.
Up	Confronted with
Up- 	in senses of *up, added:
Up- 	as an adverb to verbs and verbal derivations, = ‘upwards’
Up- 	as a preposition to nouns forming adverbs and adjectives
Up- 	as an adjective to nouns
Up-and-coming	promising; progressing.
Up-and-over	opening by being raised and pushed back into a horizontal position.
Upbeat	Unaccented beat in music.
Upbeat	Optimistic, cheerful.
Upbraid	chide, reproach.
Upbringing	Rearing of a child.
Up-country	Inland.
Upcurved	Curved upwards.
Update	bring up to date.
Update	updating.
Update	updated information etc.
Up-end	Set or rise up on end.
Upfield	In or to a position nearer to the opponents' end of a field.
Upfront	at the front; in front.
Upfront	in advance.
Upfront	honest, frank, direct.
Upfront	made in advance.
Upgrade	raise in rank etc.
Upgrade	improve
Upheaval	Violent or sudden change or disruption.
Uphill	Up a slope.
Uphill	sloping up; ascending.
Uphill	arduous.
Uphold	(past and
Uphold	Upheld)
Uphold	confirm
Uphold	support, maintain
Upholster	Provide
Upholster	with upholstery.
Upholsterer	Person who upholsters, esp. For a living.
Upholstery	covering, padding, springs, etc. For furniture.
Upholstery	upholsterer's work.
Upkeep	maintenance in good condition.
Upkeep	cost or means of this.
Upland	(usu. In
Upland	) Higher or inland parts of a country.
Upland	Of these parts.
Uplift	raise.
Uplift	(esp. As uplifting
Uplift	) Elevate morally or emotionally.
Uplift	Elevating influence.
Uplift	support for the bust etc.
Up-market	Of or directed at the upper end of the market; classy.
Upper1	higher in place; situated above another part.
Upper1	higher in rank etc.
Upper1	Part of a boot or shoe above the sole.
Upper1	Very short of money.
Upper2	amphetamine or other stimulant.
Upper case	Capital letters.
Upper crust	the aristocracy.
Upper-cut	Upwards blow delivered with the arm bent.
Upper-cut	Hit upwards with the arm bent.
Upper hand	dominance, control.
Upper house	Higher house in a legislature, esp. The house of lords.
Uppermost	highest.
Uppermost	predominant.
Uppermost	At or to the uppermost position.
Uppish	Uppity.
Uppity	Self-assertive, arrogant.
Upright	erect, vertical.
Upright	with vertical strings.
Upright	honourable or honest.
Upright	upright post or rod, esp. As a structural support.
Upright	upright piano.
Uprising	Insurrection.
Uproar	Tumult; violent disturbance.
Uproarious	very noisy.
Uproarious	provoking loud laughter; very funny.
Uproot	pull
Uproot	Up from the ground.
Uproot	displace
Uproot	eradicate.
Uprush	Upward rush.
Ups and downs	rises and falls.
Ups and downs	mixed fortune.
Upset	(-tt-; past and
Upset	Upset)
Upset	overturn.
Upset	disturb the composure or digestion of.
Upset	disrupt.
Upset	emotional or physical disturbance.
Upset	surprising result.
Upset	Disturbed
Upshot	Outcome, conclusion.
Upside down	with the upper and lower parts reversed; inverted.
Upside down	in or into total disorder.
Upsilon	Twentieth letter of the greek alphabet
Upstage	Nearer the back of a theatre stage.
Upstage	move upstage to make
Upstage	face away from the audience.
Upstage	divert attention from
Upstage	to oneself.
Upstairs	To or on an upper floor.
Upstairs	Situated upstairs.
Upstairs	Upper floor.
Upstanding	standing up.
Upstanding	strong and healthy.
Upstanding	honest.
Upstart	Newly successful, esp. Arrogant, person.
Upstart	that is an upstart.
Upstart	of upstarts.
Upstream	In the direction contrary to the flow of a stream etc.
Up-stroke	Upwards stroke.
Upsurge	Upward surge.
Upswept	combed to the top of the head.
Upswing	Upward movement or trend.
Upsy-daisy	expressing encouragement to a child who is being lifted or has fallen.
Uptake	Understanding
Uptake	taking up
Upthrust	upward thrust.
Upthrust	upward displacement of part of the earth's crust.
Uptight	nervously tense or angry.
Uptight	us rigidly conventional.
Upturn	Upward trend; improvement.
Upturn	Turn up or upside down.
Upward	towards what is higher, more important, etc.
Upward	Moving or extending upwards.
Upwardly	In an upward direction.
Upwardly mobile	Aspiring to advance socially or professionally.
Upwind	In the direction from which the wind is blowing.
Uranium	Radioactive grey dense metallic element, capable of nuclear fission and used as a source of nuclear energy.
Urban	Of, living in, or situated in a town or city.
Urbane	Suave; elegant.
Urban guerrilla	Terrorist operating in an urban area.
Urbanize	make urban, esp. By destroying the rural quality of
Urchin	mischievous, esp. Ragged, child.
Urdu	Language related to hindi but with many persian words, used esp. In pakistan.
-ure	forming:
-ure	nouns of action
-ure	nouns of result
-ure	collective nouns
Urea	Soluble nitrogenous compound contained esp. In urine.
Ureter	Duct conveying urine from the kidney to the bladder.
Urethra	duct conveying urine from the bladder.
Urge	drive forcibly; hasten.
Urge	encourage or entreat earnestly or persistently.
Urge	advocate
Urge	Emphatically
Urge	urging impulse or tendency.
Urge	strong desire.
Urgent	requiring immediate action or attention.
Urgent	importunate.
Urgent	Urgently
Uric	Of urine.
Uric acid	Constituent of urine.
Urinal	Place or receptacle for urination by men.
Urinary	Of or relating to urine.
Urinate	discharge urine.
Urine	Waste fluid secreted by the kidneys and discharged from the bladder.
Urn	vase with a foot and usu.
Urn	rounded body, used esp. For the ashes of the dead.
Urn	large vessel with a tap, in which tea or coffee etc. Is made or kept hot.
Urogenital	Of the urinary and reproductive systems.
Urology	The study of the urinary system.
Ursa major	= great bear
Ursa minor	= little bear
Ursine	Of or like a bear.
Us	United states.
Us	objective case of *we
Usa	United states of america.
Usable	That can be used.
Usaf	United states air force.
Usage	use, treatment
Usage	customary practice, esp. In the use of a language or as creating a precedent in law.
Use	cause to act or serve for a purpose; bring into service.
Use	treat in a specified manner
Use	exploit for one's own ends.
Use	did or had habitually
Use	to rain so often).
Use	(as used
Use	) Second-hand.
Use	(as used
Use	familiar by habit; accustomed
Use	using or being used.
Use	right or power of using
Use	benefit, advantage
Use	custom or usage
Use	not need.
Use	dislike, be contemptuous of. In use being used. Make use of
Use	use.
Use	benefit from. Out of use not being used. Use up
Use	consume completely.
Use	find a use for
Useful	that can be used to advantage; helpful; beneficial.
Useful	Creditable, efficient
Useful	Usefulness
Useless	serving no purpose; unavailing.
Useless	Feeble or ineffectual
Useless	Uselessness
User	Person who uses a thing.
User-friendly	Easy to use.
Usher	person who shows people to their seats in a cinema, church, etc.
Usher	doorkeeper at a court etc.
Usher	act as usher to.
Usher	announce, herald, or show in.
Usherette	Female usher, esp. In a cinema.
Ussr	Hist. Union of soviet socialist republics.
Usual	customary, habitual
Usual	Person's usual drink etc.
Usurer	Person who practises usury.
Usurp	Seize
Usurp	Wrongfully.
Usurp	Usurper
Usury	lending of money at interest, esp. At an exorbitant or illegal rate.
Usury	interest at this rate.
Utensil	Implement or vessel, esp. For kitchen use.
Uterine	Of the uterus.
Uterus	womb.
Utilitarian	designed to be useful rather than attractive; severely practical.
Utilitarian	of utilitarianism.
Utilitarian	Adherent of utilitarianism.
Utilitarianism	Doctrine that actions are right if they are useful or benefit a majority.
Utility	usefulness.
Utility	useful thing.
Utility	Basic and standardized
Utility room	Room for domestic appliances, e.g.
Utility room	washing-machine, boiler, etc.
Utility vehicle	Vehicle serving various functions.
Utilize	use; turn to account.
Utmost	Furthest, extreme, greatest.
Utmost	Utmost point or degree etc.
Utopia	Imagined perfect place or state of things.
Utter1	Complete, absolute.
Utter2	emit audibly.
Utter2	express in words.
Utter2	law put
Utter2	into circulation.
Utterance	act of uttering.
Utterance	thing spoken.
Utterance	power or manner of speaking.
Uttermost	Utmost.
U-turn	u-shaped turn of a vehicle so as to face in the opposite direction.
U-turn	abrupt reversal of policy.
Uv	Ultraviolet.
Uvpc	Unplasticized polyvinyl chloride.
Uvula	fleshy part of the soft palate hanging above the throat.
Uxorial	Of a wife.
Uxorious	Greatly or excessively fond of one's wife.
V1	twenty-second letter of the alphabet.
V1	v-shaped thing.
V2	Volt
V3	Vanadium.
V.	verse.
V.	versus.
V.	very.
V.	vide.
Vac	vacation.
Vac	vacuum cleaner.
Vacancy	being vacant.
Vacancy	unoccupied job.
Vacancy	available room in a hotel etc.
Vacant	not filled or occupied.
Vacant	not mentally active; showing no interest.
Vacant possession	Ownership of an unoccupied house etc.
Vacate	leave vacant, cease to occupy
Vacation	fixed holiday period, esp. In universities and lawcourts.
Vacation	us holiday.
Vacation	vacating or being vacated.
Vacation	Us take a holiday.
Vaccinate	inoculate with a vaccine to immunize against a disease.
Vaccinate	Vaccinator
Vaccine	Preparation, orig. Cowpox virus, used in vaccination.
Vacillate	be irresolute; fluctuate.
Vacillate	Vacillator
Vacuole	Tiny space in an organ or cell, containing air, fluid, etc.
Vacuous	expressionless.
Vacuous	showing absence of thought or intelligence, inane.
Vacuous	Vacuously
Vacuum	space entirely devoid of matter.
Vacuum	space or vessel from which all or some of the air has been pumped out.
Vacuum	absence of the normal or previous content, activities, etc.
Vacuum	Vacuum cleaner.
Vacuum	Clean with a vacuum cleaner.
Vacuum brake	Brake worked by the exhaustion of air.
Vacuum cleaner	Machine for removing dust etc. By suction.
Vacuum flask	Vessel with a double wall enclosing a vacuum, ensuring that the contents remain hot or cold.
Vacuum-packed	Sealed after the partial removal of air.
Vacuum tube	Tube with a near-vacuum for the free passage of electric current.
Vade-mecum	Handbook etc. Used constantly.
Vagabond	Wanderer, esp. An idle one.
Vagabond	Wandering, roving.
Vagary	caprice, whim.
Vagina	canal from the uterus to the vulva in female mammals.
Vagrant	Unemployed itinerant.
Vagrant	Wandering, roving.
Vague	uncertain or ill-defined.
Vague	imprecise; inexact in thought, expression, or understanding.
Vague	Vagueness
Vain	having too high an opinion of one's looks, abilities, etc.
Vain	empty, trivial
Vain	useless; futile
Vain	without success.
Vain	lightly or profanely
Vainglory	Boastfulness; extreme vanity.
Valance	short curtain round the frame or canopy of a bedstead, above a window, etc.
Vale	valley.
Valediction	Formal
Valediction	bidding farewell.
Valediction	words used in this.
Valency	combining power of an atom measured by the number of hydrogen atoms it can displace or combine with.
Valentine	card sent, often anonymously, as a mark of love on st valentine's day
Valentine	sweetheart chosen on this day.
Valerian	Any of various flowering herbs, esp. Used as a sedative.
Valet	Gentleman's personal servant.
Valet	work as a valet
Valet	clean or clean out
Valetudinarian	Person of poor health or who is unduly anxious about health.
Valetudinarian	Of a valetudinarian.
Valiant	Brave.
Valid	Sound, defensible.
Valid	a executed with the proper formalities, legally acceptable
Valid	not yet expired.
Validate	make valid; ratify.
Valise	Us small portmanteau.
Valium	Propr. Drug diazepam used as a tranquillizer.
Valley	low area between hills, usu. With a stream or river flowing through it.
Valor	courage, esp. In battle.
Valour	courage, esp. In battle.
Valuable	Of great value, price, or worth.
Valuable	(usu. In
Valuable	) Valuable thing.
Valuation	estimation
Valuation	of a thing's worth.
Valuation	worth so estimated.
Value	worth, desirability, or utility, or the qualities on which these depend.
Value	worth as estimated
Value	amount for which a thing can be exchanged in the open market.
Value	equivalent of a thing.
Value	something well worth the money spent.
Value	effectiveness
Value	(in
Value	) One's principles, priorities, or standards.
Value	Duration of a note.
Value	math. Amount denoted by an algebraic term.
Value	estimate the value of, esp. Professionally.
Value	have a high or specified opinion of.
Value	Valuer
Value added tax	Tax levied on the rise in value of services and goods at each stage of production.
Value judgement	Subjective estimate of worth etc.
Valve	device controlling flow through a pipe etc., esp. Allowing movement in one direction only.
Valve	structure in an organ etc. Allowing a flow of blood etc. In one direction only.
Valve	device to vary the effective length of the tube in a trumpet etc.
Valve	half-shell of an oyster, mussel, etc.
Vamoose	depart hurriedly.
Vamp1	Upper front part of a boot or shoe.
Vamp1	repair or furbish.
Vamp1	make by patching or from odds and ends.
Vamp1	improvise a musical accompaniment.
Vamp2	Woman who uses sexual attraction to exploit men.
Vamp2	Allure and exploit
Vampire	supposed ghost or reanimated corpse sucking the blood of sleeping persons.
Vampire	person who preys ruthlessly on others.
Vampire	tropical
Vampire	bloodsucking bat.
Van1	small covered goods vehicle.
Van1	railway carriage for luggage and for the guard.
Van2	Vanguard, forefront.
Vanadium	Hard grey metallic element used to strengthen steel.
Vandal	Person who wilfully or maliciously damages property.
Vandalize	wilfully or maliciously destroy or damage
Vane	weather-vane.
Vane	blade of a screw propeller or windmill etc.
Vanguard	foremost part of an advancing army etc.
Vanguard	leaders of a movement etc.
Vanilla	a tropical fragrant climbing orchid.
Vanilla	fruit of this.
Vanilla	extract from the vanilla-pod, or a synthetic substance, used as flavouring.
Vanish	disappear.
Vanish	cease to exist.
Vanishing cream	Skin ointment that leaves no visible trace.
Vanishing-point	point at which receding parallel lines appear to meet.
Vanishing-point	stage of complete disappearance.
Vanity	conceit about one's appearance or attainments.
Vanity	futility, unsubstantiality, unreal thing
Vanity	ostentatious display.
Vanity bag	woman's make-up bag or case.
Vanity unit	Wash-basin set into a unit with cupboards beneath.
Vanquish	Literary conquer, overcome.
Vantage	place giving a good view.
Vantage	tennis
Vapid	Insipid; dull; flat.
Vapor	moisture or other substance diffused or suspended in air, e.g. Mist, smoke.
Vapor	gaseous form of a substance.
Vapor	medicinal inhalant.
Vapor	Vapoury
Vaporize	change into vapour.
Vapour	moisture or other substance diffused or suspended in air, e.g. Mist, smoke.
Vapour	gaseous form of a substance.
Vapour	medicinal inhalant.
Vapour	Vapoury
Vapour trail	Trail of condensed water from an aircraft etc.
Variable	changeable, adaptable.
Variable	apt to vary; not constant.
Variable	math.
Variable	indeterminate; able to assume different numerical values.
Variable	Variable thing or quantity.
Variable	Variably
Variance	difference of opinion; dispute
Variance	discrepancy.
Variant	differing in form or details from a standard
Variant	having different forms
Variant	Variant form, spelling, type, etc.
Variation	varying.
Variation	departure from the normal kind, amount, a standard, etc.
Variation	extent of this.
Variation	variant thing.
Variation	Theme in a changed or elaborated form.
Varicolored	variegated in colour.
Varicolored	of various colours.
Varicoloured	variegated in colour.
Varicoloured	of various colours.
Varicose	Permanently and abnormally dilated.
Varied	Showing variety.
Variegated	with irregular patches of different colours.
Variegated	having leaves of two or more colours.
Variety	diversity; absence of uniformity; many-sidedness.
Variety	quantity or collection of different things
Variety	a class of things that differ from the rest in the same general class.
Variety	member of such a class.
Variety	different form of a thing, quality, etc.
Variety	biol. Subdivision of a species.
Variety	series of dances, songs, comedy acts, etc.
Various	different, diverse
Various	several
Varlet	menial; rascal.
Varnish	resinous solution used to give a hard shiny transparent coating.
Varnish	similar preparation
Varnish	deceptive outward appearance or show.
Varnish	apply varnish to.
Varnish	give a deceptively attractive appearance to.
Varsity	university.
Vary	be or become different; be of different kinds; change.
Vary	make different; modify.
Vas	vessel or duct.
Vascular	Of or containing vessels for conveying blood, sap, etc.
Vas deferens	sperm duct of the testicle.
Vase	Vessel used as an ornament or container for flowers.
Vasectomy	removal of part of each vas deferens, esp. For sterilization.
Vaseline	Propr. Type of petroleum jelly used as an ointment etc.
Vassal	hist. Feudal tenant of land.
Vassal	humble dependant.
Vast	Immense, huge.
Vast	Vastness
Vat	Value added tax.
Vat	Tank, esp. For holding liquids in brewing, distilling, food manufacture, dyeing, and tanning.
Vatican	Palace or government of the pope in rome.
Vaudeville	Esp. Us
Vaudeville	variety entertainment.
Vaudeville	light stage play with interspersed songs.
Vault	arched roof.
Vault	vaultlike covering
Vault	underground storage chamber or place of interment beneath a church or in a cemetery etc.
Vault	act of vaulting.
Vault	leap, esp. Using the hands or a pole.
Vault	spring over in this way.
Vault	a make in the form of a vault.
Vault	provide with a vault or vaults.
Vaulting	Arched work in a vaulted roof or ceiling.
Vaulting-horse	Wooden box for vaulting over.
Vaunt	Literary boast.
Vc	Victoria cross.
Vcr	Video cassette recorder.
Vd	Venereal disease.
Vdu	Visual display unit.
Ve	Victory in europe (in
Ve	945).
'Ve	have
Veal	Calf's flesh as food.
Vector	math.
Vector	physics quantity having direction as well as magnitude.
Vector	carrier of disease.
Veda	(in sing. Or
Veda	) Oldest hindu scriptures.
Ve day	may, the day marking victory in europe (in
Ve day	945).
Veer	change direction, esp.
Veer	clockwise.
Veer	change in course or opinion etc.
Veer	Change of direction.
Veg	Vegetable
Vegan	Person who does not eat animals or animal products.
Vegan	Using or containing no animal products.
Vegetable	plant, esp.
Vegetable	herbaceous plant used for food, e.g.
Vegetable	cabbage, potato, or bean.
Vegetable	Derog.
Vegetable	offens. Person who is severely mentally incapacitated, esp. Through brain injury etc.
Vegetable	dull or inactive person.
Vegetable	Of, derived from, or relating to plant life or vegetables as food.
Vegetal	Of or like plants.
Vegetarian	Person who does not eat meat or fish.
Vegetarian	Excluding animal food, esp. Meat
Vegetate	live an uneventful or monotonous life.
Vegetate	grow as plants do.
Vegetation	Plants collectively; plant life.
Vegetative	concerned with growth and development as distinct from sexual reproduction.
Vegetative	of vegetation.
Veggie	Vegetarian.
Veggie burger	flat cake like a hamburger but containing vegetables or soya protein instead of meat.
Vehement	Showing or caused by strong feeling; ardent
Vehement	Vehemently
Vehicle	conveyance used on land or in space.
Vehicle	thing or person as a medium for expression or action.
Vehicle	liquid etc. As a medium for suspending pigments, drugs, etc.
Veil	piece of usu. Transparent fabric attached to a woman's hat etc., esp. To conceal or protect the face.
Veil	piece of linen etc. As part of a nun's headdress.
Veil	thing that hides or disguises
Veil	cover with a veil.
Veil	(esp. As veiled
Veil	) Partly conceal
Vein	a any of the tubes conveying blood to the heart.
Vein	any blood-vessel.
Vein	rib of an insect's wing or leaf.
Vein	streak of a different colour in wood, marble, cheese, etc.
Vein	fissure in rock filled with ore.
Vein	specified character or tendency; mood
Vein	Veiny
Velcro	Propr. Fastener consisting of two strips of fabric which cling when pressed together.
Veld	s.afr. Open country.
Veleta	Ballroom dance in triple time.
Vellum	a fine parchment, orig. Calfskin.
Vellum	manuscript on this.
Vellum	smooth writing-paper imitating vellum.
Velocity	speed, esp. Of inanimate things
Velodrome	Place or building with a track for cycle-racing.
Velour	plushlike fabric.
Velvet	soft fabric with a thick short pile on one side.
Velvet	furry skin on a growing antler.
Velvet	Of, like, or soft as velvet.
Velveteen	Cotton fabric with a pile like velvet.
Velvet glove	Outward gentleness, esp. Cloaking firmness.
Ven.	Venerable
Venal	Corrupt; able to be bribed; involving bribery.
Venal	Venally
Vend	Offer
Vend	for sale.
Vendetta	blood feud.
Vendetta	prolonged bitter quarrel.
Vending-machine	Slot-machine selling small items.
Vendor	Law seller, esp. Of property.
Veneer	thin covering of fine wood etc.
Veneer	deceptively pleasing appearance.
Veneer	apply a veneer to
Veneer	disguise.
Venerable	entitled to deep respect on account of character, age, associations, etc.
Venerable	title of an archdeacon in the church of england.
Venerate	respect deeply.
Venerate	Venerator
Venereal	of sexual desire or intercourse.
Venereal	of venereal disease.
Venereal disease	Disease contracted by sexual intercourse with an infected person or congenitally.
Venetian	Native, citizen, or dialect of venice.
Venetian	Of venice.
Venetian blind	Window-blind of adjustable horizontal slats.
Vengeance	Punishment inflicted for wrong to oneself or one's cause.
Vengeful	Vindictive; seeking vengeance.
Venial	pardonable; not mortal.
Venial	Venially
Venison	Deer's flesh as food.
Venn diagram	Diagram using overlapping and intersecting circles etc. To show the relationships between mathematical sets.
Venom	poisonous fluid of esp. Snakes.
Venom	malignity; virulence.
Venom	Venomously
Venous	Of, full of, or contained in, veins.
Vent1	opening allowing the passage of air etc.
Vent1	outlet; free expression
Vent1	anus, esp. Of a lower animal.
Vent1	make a vent in
Vent1	give free expression to.
Vent2	Slit in a garment, esp. In the lower edge of the back of a jacket.
Ventilate	cause air to circulate freely in
Ventilate	air
Ventilate	med.
Ventilate	oxygenate
Ventilate	admit or force air into
Ventilator	appliance or aperture for ventilating a room etc.
Ventilator	med.
Ventral	Of or on the abdomen.
Ventricle	cavity in the body.
Ventricle	hollow part of an organ, esp. The brain or heart.
Ventriloquism	skill of speaking without moving the lips, esp. As entertainment with a dummy.
Venture	risky undertaking.
Venture	commercial speculation.
Venture	dare; not be afraid.
Venture	dare to go, make, or put forward
Venture	a expose to risk; stake.
Venture	take risks.
Venture scout	Senior scout.
Venturesome	disposed to take risks.
Venturesome	risky.
Venue	Place for a match, meeting, concert, etc.
Venus fly-trap	Insectivorous plant.
Veracious	Formal
Veracious	truthful by nature.
Veracious	True.
Veranda	platform along the side of a house.
Verb	Word used to indicate action, a state, or an occurrence
Verbal	of words.
Verbal	oral, not written.
Verbal	of a verb.
Verbal	literal.
Verbal	talkative.
Verbal	verbal statement to the police.
Verbal	stream of abuse.
Verbalize	put into words.
Verbal noun	Noun derived from a verb
Verbatim	In exactly the same words.
Verbena	plant of a genus of usu. Annual or biennial plants with clusters of fragrant flowers.
Verbiage	Derog. Too many words or unnecessarily difficult words.
Verbose	Using more words than are needed.
Verdant	Green, lush.
Verdant	unsophisticated, green.
Verdict	decision of a jury in a civil or criminal case.
Verdict	decision; judgement.
Verdigris	Greenish-blue substance that forms on copper or brass.
Verdure	Literary green vegetation or its colour.
Verge1	edge or border.
Verge1	brink
Verge1	grass edging of a road etc.
Verge2	border on.
Verge2	incline downwards or in a specified direction.
Verger	church caretaker and attendant.
Verger	officer preceding a bishop etc. With a staff.
Verify	establish the truth, correctness, or validity of by examination etc.
Verify	Bear out
Verify	Verification
Verily	really, truly.
Verisimilitude	Appearance of being true or real.
Veritable	Real; rightly so called
Verity	a fundamental truth.
Verity	truth.
Vermicelli	pasta in long slender threads.
Vermicelli	shreds of chocolate as cake decoration etc.
Vermicide	Drug that kills intestinal worms.
Vermiculite	hydrous silicate mineral used esp. As a moisture-holding medium for plant growth.
Vermiform	Worm-shaped.
Vermiform appendix	Small blind tube extending from the caecum in man and some other mammals.
Vermilion	cinnabar.
Vermilion	a brilliant red pigment made esp. From this.
Vermilion	colour of this.
Vermilion	Of this colour.
Vermin	(usu. Treated as
Vermin	mammals and birds harmful to game, crops, etc., e.g. Foxes and rats.
Vermin	parasitic worms or insects.
Vermin	vile people.
Vermouth	Wine flavoured with aromatic herbs.
Vernacular	language or dialect of a particular country.
Vernacular	language of a particular class or group.
Vernacular	homely speech.
Vernacular	native; not foreign or formal.
Vernal	Of or in spring.
Vernier	Small movable graduated scale for obtaining fractional parts of subdivisions on a fixed scale.
Veronal	Sedative drug.
Veronica	Speedwell.
Verruca	wart or similar growth, esp. On the foot.
Versatile	adapting easily to different subjects or occupations; skilled in many subjects or occupations.
Versatile	having many uses.
Verse	poetry.
Verse	stanza of a poem or song.
Verse	each of the short numbered divisions of the bible.
Verse	poem.
Versed	experienced or skilled in.
Versicle	Each of a priest's short sentences in a liturgy, answered by the congregation.
Versify	turn into or express in verse.
Versify	compose verses.
Versify	Versifier
Version	account of a matter from a particular point of view.
Version	book etc. In a particular edition or translation
Version	form or variant.
Verso	left-hand page of an open book.
Verso	back of a printed leaf.
Versus	Against
Vertebra	each segment of a backbone.
Vertebrate	having a backbone.
Vertebrate	Vertebrate animal.
Vertex	highest point; top, apex.
Vertex	a each angular point of a triangle, polygon, etc.
Vertex	meeting-point of lines that form an angle.
Vertical	at right angles to a horizontal plane.
Vertical	in a direction from top to bottom of a picture etc.
Vertical	of or at the vertex.
Vertical	Vertical line or plane.
Vertical take-off	Take-off of an aircraft directly upwards.
Vertiginous	Of or causing vertigo.
Vertigo	Dizziness caused esp. By heights.
Vervain	Any of several verbenas, esp. One with small blue, white, or purple flowers.
Verve	Enthusiasm, vigour, spirit.
Very	in a high degree
Very	in the fullest sense (foll. By own or superl.
Very	: do your very best; my very own room).
Very	Actual; truly such
Very	0-300 megahertz. Very reverend title of a dean.
Very light	Flare projected from a pistol for signalling or illuminating part of a battlefield etc.
Vesicle	Small bladder, bubble, or blister.
Vespers	pl. Evensong.
Vessel	hollow receptacle, esp. For liquid.
Vessel	ship or boat, esp.
Vessel	large one.
Vessel	duct or canal etc. Holding or conveying blood or sap, etc., esp.
Vest	undergarment worn on the trunk.
Vest	austral. Waistcoat.
Vest	bestow
Vest	On.
Vest	confer
Vest	on
Vest	with an immediate fixed right of future possession.
Vest	clothe
Vest	, esp. In vestments.
Vestal virgin	Rom. Antiq. Virgin consecrated to vesta and vowed to chastity.
Vested interest	personal interest in a state of affairs, usu. With an expectation of gain.
Vested interest	law interest
Vested interest	recognized as belonging to a person.
Vestibule	hall or lobby of a building.
Vestibule	us enclosed space between railway-carriages.
Vestige	trace; sign.
Vestige	slight amount; particle.
Vestige	atrophied part or organ of an animal or plant that was well developed in ancestors.
Vestment	Ceremonial garment, esp.
Vestment	chasuble.
Vestry	church room or building for keeping vestments etc. In.
Vet1	Veterinary surgeon.
Vet1	make a careful and critical examination of
Vet2	Us veteran.
Vetch	Plant of the pea family used largely for fodder.
Veteran	(often
Veteran	) Old soldier or long-serving member of any group
Veteran	us ex-serviceman or servicewoman.
Veteran car	Car made before
Veteran car	916, or
Veteran car	before
Veteran car	905.
Veterinarian	Formal veterinary surgeon.
Veterinary	Of or for the diseases and injuries of animals.
Veterinary	veterinary surgeon.
Veterinary surgeon	Person qualified to treat animals.
Veto	right to reject a measure, resolution, etc. Unilaterally.
Veto	rejection, prohibition.
Veto	reject
Veto	forbid, prohibit.
Vex	anger, irritate.
Vex	grieve, afflict.
Vexation	vexing or being vexed.
Vexation	annoying or distressing thing.
Vexatious	causing vexation.
Vexatious	law
Vexatious	lacking sufficient grounds and seeking only to annoy the defendant.
Vexed	much discussed; problematic.
V.g.c.	Very good condition.
Vhf	Very high frequency.
Via	Through
Viable	Feasible, esp. Economically.
Viable	capable of developing and surviving independently.
Viaduct	Long bridge, esp.
Viaduct	series of arches, carrying a road or railway across a valley or hollow.
Vial	Small
Vial	vessel, esp. For holding medicines.
Viand	Formal (usu. In
Viand	) Article of food.
Viaticum	eucharist given to a dying person.
Vibes	vibrations, esp. Feelings communicated.
Vibrant	vibrating.
Vibrant	thrilling, lively.
Vibrant	resonant.
Vibrant	bright and striking.
Vibrant	Vibrantly
Vibraphone	Instrument like a xylophone but with motor-driven resonators under the metal bars giving a vibrato effect.
Vibrate	move rapidly to and fro.
Vibrate	throb; resonate.
Vibrate	quiver, thrill.
Vibrate	swing to and fro, oscillate.
Vibration	vibrating.
Vibration	(in
Vibration	mental, esp. Occult, influence.
Vibration	atmosphere or feeling communicated.
Vibrato	Rapid slight variation in musical pitch producing a tremulous effect.
Vibrator	Device that vibrates, esp. An instrument for massage or sexual stimulation.
Viburnum	shrub, usu. With white flowers.
Vicar	Clergyman of a church of england parish where he formerly received a stipend rather than tithes: cf. *rector
Vicarage	Vicar's house.
Vicarious	experienced indirectly or second-hand.
Vicarious	acting or done for another.
Vicarious	deputed, delegated.
Vice1	immoral conduct.
Vice1	form of this
Vice1	weakness; indulgence
Vice2	clamp with two jaws holding an object so as to leave the hands free to work on it.
Vice3	In the place of; succeeding.
Vice-	Form forming nouns meaning:
Vice-	substitute, deputy
Vice-	next in rank to
Vice-chancellor	Deputy chancellor
Vice-president	Official ranking below and deputizing for a president.
Vice-president	. Vice-presidential
Viceregal	Of a viceroy.
Vicereine	viceroy's wife.
Vicereine	woman viceroy.
Vice ring	Group of criminals organizing prostitution.
Viceroy	Sovereign's deputy ruler in a colony, province, etc.
Vice squad	Police department concerned with prostitution etc.
Vice versa	With the order of the terms changed; the other way round.
Vichyssoise	creamy soup of leeks and potatoes.
Vichy water	Effervescent mineral water from vichy in france.
Vicinity	surrounding district.
Vicinity	nearness.
Vicious	bad-tempered, spiteful
Vicious	violent
Vicious	corrupt, depraved.
Vicious	Faulty, unsound.
Vicious	Viciousness
Vicious circle	Self-perpetuating, harmful sequence of cause and effect.
Vicious spiral	Vicious circle, esp. As causing inflation.
Vicissitude	Literary change, esp. Of fortune.
Victim	person or thing injured or destroyed
Victim	prey; dupe
Victim	creature sacrificed to a deity or in a religious rite.
Victimize	single out for punishment or discrimination.
Victimize	make
Victimize	victim.
Victor	Winner in a battle or contest.
Victoria cross	Highest decoration for conspicuous bravery in the armed services.
Victorian	of the time of queen victoria.
Victorian	prudish; strict.
Victorian	Person of this time.
Victoriana	pl. Articles, esp. Collectors' items, of the victorian period.
Victoria sponge	Sandwich sponge cake with a jam filling.
Victorious	conquering, triumphant.
Victorious	marked by victory.
Victory	defeat of an enemy or opponent.
Victual	(usu. In
Victual	) Food, provisions.
Victual	supply with victuals.
Victual	obtain stores.
Victual	eat victuals.
Victualer	person etc. Who supplies victuals.
Victualer	publican etc. Licensed to sell alcohol.
Victualler	person etc. Who supplies victuals.
Victualler	publican etc. Licensed to sell alcohol.
Vicuña	s. American mammal like a llama, with fine silky wool.
Vicuña	a cloth from its wool.
Vicuña	imitation of this.
Vide	See, consult
Video	of the recording
Video	of moving pictures on magnetic tape.
Video	of the broadcasting of television pictures.
Video	such recording or broadcasting.
Video	film on videotape.
Video	record on videotape.
Video cassette	Cassette of videotape.
Videodisc	Disc for recording moving pictures and sound.
Video game	Computer game played on a television screen.
Video nasty	Horrific or pornographic video film.
Video recorder	apparatus for recording and playing videotapes.
Video shop	Shop hiring out or selling video films etc.
Videotape	Magnetic tape for recording moving pictures and sound.
Videotape	record on this.
Videotex	any electronic information system, esp. Teletext or viewdata.
Vie	compete; strive for superiority.
Vietnamese	Of vietnam.
Vietnamese	native or language of vietnam.
View	range of vision
View	a what is seen; prospect, scene, etc.
View	picture etc. Of this.
View	a opinion.
View	manner of considering a thing
View	inspection by the eye or mind
View	look at; inspect with the idea of purchasing; survey visually or mentally.
View	form a mental impression or opinion of; consider.
View	watch television.
View	have as one's object.
View	bear
View	in mind. In view of considering. On view being shown or exhibited. With a view to with the hope or intention of.
Viewdata	News and information service from a computer source, connected to a television screen by a telephone link.
Viewer	person who views, esp. Television.
Viewer	device for looking at film transparencies etc.
Viewfinder	Device on a camera showing the borders of the proposed photograph.
Viewpoint	Point of view.
Vigil	keeping awake during the night etc., esp. To keep watch or pray.
Vigil	eve of a festival or holy day.
Vigilance	Watchfulness, caution.
Vigilante	Member of a self-appointed group maintaining order etc.
Vignette	short description, character sketch.
Vignette	book illustration not in a definite border.
Vignette	photograph etc. With the background shaded off.
Vigor	physical or mental strength or energy.
Vigor	healthy growth.
Vigor	forcefulness; trenchancy, animation.
Vigor	Vigorously
Vigour	physical or mental strength or energy.
Vigour	healthy growth.
Vigour	forcefulness; trenchancy, animation.
Vigour	Vigorously
Viking	Scandinavian pirate and raider of the
Viking	th–11th c.
Vile	disgusting.
Vile	depraved.
Vile	Abominable
Vile	Vileness
Vilify	defame; malign.
Villa	country house; mansion.
Villa	rented holiday home, esp. Abroad.
Villa	detached or semi-detached house in a residential district.
Village	country settlement, larger than a hamlet and smaller than a town.
Village	self-contained village-like community within a city etc.
Villain	wicked person.
Villain	chief evil character in a play, story, etc.
Villain	Professional criminal.
Villain	Rascal.
Villainous	Wicked.
Villainy	wicked behaviour or act.
Villein	Hist. Feudal tenant entirely subject to a lord or attached to a manor.
Vim	Vigour.
Vinaigrette	salad dressing of oil, wine vinegar, and seasoning.
Vinaigrette	small bottle for smelling-salts.
Vindicate	clear of blame or suspicion.
Vindicate	establish the existence, merits, or justice of
Vindicate	justify by evidence or argument.
Vindicate	Vindicator
Vindicate	Vindicatory
Vindictive	Vengeful.
Vindictive	Vindictiveness
Vine	climbing or trailing plant with a woody stem, esp. Bearing grapes.
Vine	stem of this.
Vinegar	Sour liquid got from malt, wine, cider, etc., by fermentation and used as a condiment or for pickling.
Vineyard	Plantation of grapevines, esp. For wine-making.
Vino	wine, esp. Of an inferior kind.
Vinous	of, like, or due to wine.
Vinous	addicted to wine.
Vintage	a season's produce of grapes.
Vintage	wine from this.
Vintage	a gathering of grapes for wine-making.
Vintage	season of this.
Vintage	wine of high quality from a particular year and district.
Vintage	a year etc. When a thing was made etc.
Vintage	thing made etc. In a particular year etc.
Vintage	of high or peak quality.
Vintage	of a past season.
Vintage car	Car made
Vintage car	917–1930.
Vintner	Wine-merchant.
Vinyl	Plastic made by polymerization, esp. Polyvinyl chloride.
Viol	Medieval stringed instrument of various sizes, like a violin but held vertically.
Viola1	Instrument larger than the violin and of lower pitch.
Viola2	Any plant of the genus including the pansy and violet, esp.
Viola2	cultivated hybrid.
Viola da gamba	Viol held between the player's legs.
Violate	disregard; break
Violate	treat
Violate	Profanely; disrespect.
Violate	disturb
Violate	rape.
Violate	Violation
Violate	Violator
Violence	being violent.
Violence	violent conduct or treatment.
Violence	unlawful use of force.
Violent	involving or using great physical force
Violent	a intense, vehement
Violent	lurid
Violent	resulting from violence or poison.
Violet	sweet-scented plant with usu. Purple, blue, or white flowers.
Violet	bluish-purple colour at the end of the spectrum opposite red.
Violet	pigment or clothes or material of this colour.
Violet	Of this colour.
Violin	High-pitched stringed instrument played with a bow.
Violist	Viol- or viola-player.
Violoncello	formal
Vip	Very important person.
Viper	small venomous snake.
Viper	malignant or treacherous person.
Virago	fierce or abusive woman.
Viral	Of or caused by a virus.
Virgin	person who has never had sexual intercourse.
Virgin	christ's mother mary.
Virgin	sign or constellation virgo.
Virgin	not yet used etc.
Virgin	virginal.
Virginal	Of or befitting a virgin.
Virginal	(usu. In
Virginal	Legless spinet in a box.
Virgin birth	doctrine of christ's birth from a virgin mother.
Virgin birth	parthenogenesis.
Virginia creeper	Ornamental vine.
Virginity	State of being a virgin.
Virgo	constellation and sixth sign of the zodiac
Virgo	person born when the sun is in this sign.
Virile	vigorous or strong.
Virile	sexually potent.
Virile	of a man as distinct from a woman or child.
Virology	The study of viruses.
Virtual	Being so in practice though not strictly or in name
Virtually	In effect, nearly, almost.
Virtual reality	Simulation of the real world by a computer.
Virtue	moral excellence; goodness.
Virtue	particular form of this.
Virtue	chastity.
Virtue	good quality
Virtue	efficacy
Virtuoso	(often
Virtuoso	) Highly skilled artist, esp.
Virtuoso	musician
Virtuoso	Virtuosity
Virtuous	morally good.
Virtuous	chaste.
Virulent	strongly poisonous.
Virulent	violent.
Virulent	bitterly hostile.
Virulent	Virulently
Virus	microscopic organism often causing diseases.
Visa	Endorsement on a passport etc., esp. Allowing entrance to or exit from a country.
Visage	Literary face.
Vis-à-vis	in relation to.
Vis-à-vis	in comparison with.
Vis-à-vis	Opposite.
Viscera	pl. Internal organs of the body.
Visceral	of the viscera.
Visceral	of feelings rather than reason.
Viscid	Glutinous, sticky.
Viscose	cellulose in a highly viscous state, used for making rayon etc.
Viscose	fabric made from this.
Viscount	British nobleman ranking between an earl and a baron.
Viscountess	viscount's wife or widow.
Viscountess	woman holding the rank of viscount.
Viscous	glutinous, sticky.
Viscous	semifluid.
Viscous	not flowing freely.
Vise	clamp with two jaws holding an object so as to leave the hands free to work on it.
Visibility	being visible.
Visibility	range or possibility of vision as determined by the light and weather.
Visible	able to be seen, perceived, or ascertained.
Visible	Consisting of actual goods.
Vision	act or faculty of seeing, sight.
Vision	thing or person seen in a dream or trance.
Vision	mental picture
Vision	imaginative insight.
Vision	statesmanlike foresight.
Vision	beautiful person etc.
Vision	television or cinema picture, esp. Of specified quality
Visionary	given to seeing visions or to fanciful theories.
Visionary	having vision or foresight.
Visionary	not real, imaginary.
Visionary	not practicable.
Visionary	visionary person.
Visit	Go or come to see or inspect
Visit	stay temporarily with
Visit	or at
Visit	Attack.
Visit	a
Visit	punish
Visit	inflict punishment for
Visit	a act of visiting.
Visit	temporary stay, esp. As a guest.
Visit	occasion of going to a doctor etc.
Visit	formal or official call.
Visitant	visitor, esp.
Visitant	ghost etc.
Visitant	migratory bird resting temporarily in an area.
Visitation	official visit of inspection.
Visitation	trouble etc. Seen as divine punishment.
Visitation	a visit of the virgin mary to elizabeth.
Visitation	festival of this.
Visitor	person who visits.
Visitor	migrant bird staying for part of the year.
Visitors' book	Book for visitors to a hotel, church, etc., to sign, make remarks in, etc.
Visor	movable part of a helmet covering the face.
Visor	shield for the eyes, esp. One at the top of a vehicle windscreen.
Vista	long narrow view as between rows of trees.
Vista	mental view of a long series of events.
Visual	Of or used in seeing.
Visual aid	Film etc. As a teaching aid.
Visual display unit	Computing device displaying data on a screen.
Visualize	imagine visually.
Vital	of or essential to organic life
Vital	essential, indispensable
Vital	full of life or activity.
Vital	fatal
Vital	(in
Vital	) The body's vital organs, e.g. The heart and brain.
Vitality	liveliness, animation.
Vitality	ability to survive or endure.
Vitalize	endow with life.
Vitalize	make lively or vigorous.
Vital statistics	joc. Measurements of a woman's bust, waist, and hips.
Vital statistics	the number of births, marriages, deaths, etc.
Vitamin	Any of various substances present in many foods and essential to health and growth
Vitamin b complex	Any of a group of vitamins often found together in foods.
Vitaminize	add vitamins to.
Vitiate	impair, debase.
Vitiate	make invalid or ineffectual.
Viticulture	Cultivation of grapes.
Vitreous	Of or like glass.
Vitreous humour	Clear fluid in the eye between the lens and the retina.
Vitrify	change into glass or a glasslike substance, esp. By heat.
Vitrify	Vitrification
Vitriol	sulphuric acid or a sulphate.
Vitriol	caustic or hostile speech or criticism.
Vitriolic	Caustic, hostile.
Vituperate	criticize abusively.
Vituperate	Vituperative
Viva1	= viva-voce.
Viva2	Long live.
Viva2	Cry of this as a salute etc.
Vivace	In a lively manner.
Vivacious	Lively, animated.
Vivarium	glass bowl etc. For keeping animals for scientific study.
Vivarium	enclosure for keeping animals in
Vivarium	their natural state.
Viva voce	Oral.
Viva voce	Orally.
Viva voce	Oral examination.
Viva voce	examine orally.
Vivid	strong, intense.
Vivid	Clear, lively, graphic.
Vivid	Vividness
Vivify	enliven, animate, give life to.
Viviparous	Zool. Bringing forth young alive.
Vivisect	Perform vivisection on.
Vivisection	Surgical experimentation on living animals for scientific research.
Vivisection	Vivisectionist
Vivisection	Vivisector
Vixen	female fox.
Vixen	spiteful woman.
Viz.	Namely; that is to say; in other words.
Vizier	Hist. High official in some muslim countries.
V-neck	(often
V-neck	) V-shaped neckline on a pullover etc.
Vocable	Word, esp. With reference to form not meaning.
Vocabulary	words used by a particular language, book, branch of science, or author.
Vocabulary	list of these, in alphabetical order with definitions or translations.
Vocabulary	individual's stock of words
Vocabulary	set of artistic or stylistic forms or techniques.
Vocal	of or uttered by the voice.
Vocal	outspoken
Vocal	(in sing. Or
Vocal	) Sung part or piece of music.
Vocal cords	Voice-producing part of the larynx.
Vocalist	Singer.
Vocalize	form
Vocalize	or utter
Vocalize	with the voice.
Vocalize	articulate, express.
Vocation	a strong feeling of suitability for a particular career.
Vocation	this regarded as a divine call to a career in the church.
Vocation	employment, trade, profession.
Vocative	Case of a noun used in addressing a person or thing.
Vocative	Of or in this case.
Vociferate	utter noisily.
Vociferate	shout, bawl.
Vociferate	Vociferator
Vociferous	noisy, clamorous.
Vociferous	insistently and forcibly outspoken.
Vodka	Alcoholic spirit distilled esp. In russia from rye etc.
Vogue	prevailing fashion.
Vogue	(often
Vogue	) Popular use
Voice	a sound formed in the larynx and uttered by the mouth, esp. By a person speaking, singing, etc.
Voice	power of this
Voice	a use of the voice; spoken or written expression
Voice	opinion so expressed.
Voice	right to express an opinion.
Voice	medium for expression.
Voice	Set of verbal forms showing whether a verb is active or passive.
Voice	express.
Voice	(esp. As voiced
Voice	) Utter with vibration of the vocal cords
Voice-box	Larynx.
Voice in the wilderness	Unheeded advocate of reform.
Voiceless	dumb, speechless.
Voiceless	uttered without vibration of the vocal cords
Voice-over	Commentary in a film etc. By an unseen narrator.
Void	empty, vacant.
Void	Invalid, not legally binding
Void	Empty space, vacuum.
Void	render void.
Void	excrete; empty
Voile	Fine semi-transparent fabric.
Vol.	Volume.
Volatile	changeable in mood; fickle.
Volatile	Unstable.
Volatile	Likely to erupt in violence.
Volatile	chem. Evaporating rapidly.
Volatilize	turn into vapour.
Vol-au-vent	Small puff pastry case with a savoury filling.
Volcanic	Of, like, or from a volcano.
Volcano	mountain or hill from which lava, steam, etc. Escape through openings in the earth's crust.
Volcano	volatile situation.
Vole	Small plant-eating rodent.
Volition	Act or power of willing.
Volley	a simultaneous firing of a number of weapons.
Volley	bullets etc. So fired.
Volley	torrent
Volley	playing of a ball in tennis, football, etc., before it touches the ground.
Volley	return or send by or in a volley.
Volleyball	Game for two teams of six hitting a large ball by hand over a high net.
Volt	Si unit of electromotive force, the difference of potential that would carry one ampere of current against one ohm resistance.
Voltage	Electromotive force expressed in volts.
Volte-face	Sudden reversal of one's attitude or opinion.
Voltmeter	Instrument measuring electric potential in volts.
Voluble	Speaking or spoken fluently or at length.
Voluble	Volubly
Volume	single book forming part or all of a work.
Volume	a solid content, bulk.
Volume	space occupied by a gas or liquid.
Volume	amount or quantity.
Volume	strength of sound, loudness.
Volume	a moving mass of water etc.
Volume	(usu. In
Volume	) Mass of smoke etc.
Volumetric	Of measurement by volume.
Voluminous	Loose and ample.
Voluminous	written or writing at great length.
Voluntary	acting, done, or given willingly; not compulsory; intentional.
Voluntary	unpaid
Voluntary	supported by charity.
Voluntary	built by a charity but maintained by a local education authority.
Voluntary	brought about by voluntary action.
Voluntary	controlled by the will.
Voluntary	organ solo played before or after a church service.
Voluntary	Voluntariness
Volunteer	Person who voluntarily undertakes a task or enters military etc. Service.
Volunteer	Undertake or offer
Volunteer	Voluntarily.
Volunteer	be a volunteer.
Voluptuary	person who seeks luxury and sensual pleasure.
Voluptuous	of, tending to, occupied with, or derived from, sensuous or sensual pleasure.
Voluptuous	curvaceous and sexually desirable.
Volute	Spiral stonework scroll as an ornament of esp. Ionic capitals.
Vomit	eject
Vomit	through the mouth; be sick.
Vomit	Eject violently, belch forth.
Vomit	Matter vomited from the stomach.
Voodoo	Religious witchcraft as practised esp. In the w. Indies.
Voodoo	affect by voodoo; bewitch.
Voracious	gluttonous, ravenous.
Voracious	very eager
Voracious	Voracity
Vortex	whirlpool, whirlwind.
Vortex	whirling motion or mass.
Vortex	thing viewed as destructive or devouring
Vorticist	Futuristic painter, writer, etc., of a school based on the so-called ‘vortices’ of modern civilization.
Votary	person dedicated to the service of a god or cult.
Votary	devotee of a person, occupation, etc.
Vote	formal expression of choice or opinion by a ballot, show of hands, etc., in an election etc.
Vote	right to vote, esp. In a state election.
Vote	opinion expressed by a vote
Vote	votes given by or for a particular group
Vote	give a vote.
Vote	a enact or resolve by a majority of votes.
Vote	grant
Vote	by vote.
Vote	Pronounce by general consent.
Vote	suggest, urge.
Vote	Indicate an opinion by one's presence or absence.
Voter	Person voting or with the right to vote at an election.
Votive	Offered or consecrated in fulfilment of a vow
Vouch	answer for, be surety for
Voucher	document exchangeable for goods or services.
Voucher	receipt.
Vouchsafe	formal
Vouchsafe	condescend to grant.
Vouchsafe	Condescend.
Vow	Solemn, esp. Religious, promise
Vow	promise solemnly.
Vow	declare solemnly.
Vowel	speech-sound made with vibration of the vocal cords but without audible friction.
Vowel	letter
Vowel	representing this, as a, e, i, o, u, aw, ah.
Vox pop	(often
Vox pop	Popular opinion as represented by informal comments from the public.
Vox populi	Public opinion, popular belief.
Voyage	Journey, esp.
Voyage	long one by sea or in space.
Voyage	make a voyage.
Voyeur	person who derives sexual pleasure from secretly observing others' sexual activity or organs.
Voyeur	spectator.
Voyeur	Voyeuristic
Vs.	Versus.
V-sign	sign of the letter v made with the first two fingers pointing up and the back of the hand facing outwards, as a gesture of abuse etc.
V-sign	similar sign made with the palm of the hand facing outwards, as a symbol of victory.
Vso	Voluntary service overseas.
Vsop	Very special old pale
Vto	Vertical take-off.
Vtol	Vertical take-off and landing.
Vtr	Videotape recorder.
Vulcanite	Hard black vulcanized rubber.
Vulcanize	treat
Vulcanize	With sulphur at a high temperature to strengthen it.
Vulcanology	The study of volcanoes.
Vulcanology	Vulcanologist
Vulgar	; indecent; tasteless.
Vulgar	of or characteristic of the common people.
Vulgar	common; prevalent
Vulgar fraction	Fraction expressed by numerator and denominator, not decimally.
Vulgarian	Vulgar
Vulgarian	person.
Vulgarism	Vulgar word, expression, action, or habit.
Vulgarity	vulgar act, expression, or state.
Vulgarize	make vulgar.
Vulgarize	spoil by popularizing.
Vulgar tongue	national or vernacular language.
Vulgate	th-c. Latin version of the bible.
Vulnerable	easily wounded or harmed.
Vulnerable	exposed to damage, temptation, etc.
Vulnerable	Vulnerably
Vulpine	of or like a fox.
Vulpine	crafty, cunning.
Vulture	large carrion-eating bird of prey, reputed to gather with others in anticipation of a death.
Vulture	rapacious person.
Vulva	external female genitals.
Vv.	verses.
Vv.	volumes.
W1	twenty-third letter of the alphabet.
W2	watt
W2	west; western.
W3	Tungsten.
W.	wicket
W.	wide
W.	with.
Wa	Western australia.
Wacky	crazy.
Wad	lump of soft material used esp. To keep things apart or in place or to block a hole.
Wad	bundle of banknotes or documents.
Wad	stop up or keep in place with a wad.
Wad	line, stuff, or protect with wadding.
Wadding	Soft fibrous material used in quilt-making etc., or to pack fragile articles.
Waddle	walk with short steps and a swaying motion.
Waddle	Waddling gait.
Wade	walk through water, mud, etc., esp. With difficulty.
Wade	go through
Wade	Attack
Wade	vigorously.
Wade	Spell of wading.
Wade	Make a vigorous attack or intervention.
Wader	long-legged water-bird that wades.
Wader	(in
Wader	) High waterproof boots.
Wadi	rocky watercourse in
Wadi	Africa etc., dry except in the rainy season.
Wafer	very thin light crisp sweet biscuit.
Wafer	disc of unleavened bread used in the eucharist.
Wafer	disc of red paper stuck on a legal document instead of a seal.
Wafer-thin	Very thin.
Waffle1	Verbose but aimless or ignorant talk or writing.
Waffle1	indulge in waffle.
Waffle2	Small crisp batter cake.
Waffle-iron	Utensil, usu. Of two shallow metal pans hinged together, for baking waffles.
Waft	Convey or travel easily and smoothly as through air or over water.
Waft	whiff or scent.
Wag1	shake or wave to and fro.
Wag1	Single wagging motion
Wag2	Facetious person.
Wage	(in sing. Or
Wage	) Fixed regular payment to an employee, esp.
Wage	manual worker.
Wage	carry on
Waged	In regular paid employment.
Wage-earner	Person who works for wages.
Waggish	Playful, facetious.
Waggish	Waggishness
Waggle	Wag.
Waggly	Unsteady; waggling.
Wagon	four-wheeled vehicle for heavy loads.
Wagon	railway vehicle, esp. An open truck.
Wagon	tea trolley.
Wagon	teetotal.
Wagoner	driver of a wagon.
Wagon-load	As much as a wagon can carry.
Wagtail	Small bird with a long tail in frequent motion.
Waif	homeless and helpless person, esp. An abandoned child.
Waif	ownerless object or animal.
Waifs and strays	homeless or neglected children.
Waifs and strays	odds and ends.
Wail	prolonged plaintive high-pitched cry of pain, grief, etc.
Wail	sound like this.
Wail	utter a wail.
Wail	lament or complain persistently or bitterly.
Wain	wagon.
Wainscot	Boarding or wooden panelling on the lower part of a room-wall.
Wainscoting	wainscot.
Wainscoting	material for this.
Waist	a part of the human body below the ribs and above the hips; narrower middle part of the normal human figure.
Waist	circumference of this.
Waist	narrow middle of a violin, wasp, etc.
Waist	a part of a garment encircling the waist.
Waist	us blouse, bodice.
Waist	part of a ship between the forecastle and the quarterdeck.
Waist	(also in
Waistband	Strip of cloth forming the waist of a garment.
Waistcoat	Close-fitting waist-length garment without sleeves or collar, worn usu. Over a shirt and under a jacket.
Waist-deep	up to the waist.
Waistline	Outline or size of a person's body at the waist.
Wait	a defer action or departure for a specified time or until some event occurs
Wait	be expectant.
Wait	await
Wait	defer
Wait	Until a person's arrival.
Wait	(usu. As waiting
Wait	) Park a vehicle for a short time.
Wait	act as a waiter or attendant.
Wait	a await the convenience of.
Wait	serve as an attendant to.
Wait	pay a respectful visit to.
Wait	period of waiting.
Wait	watching for an enemy
Wait	(in
Wait	street singers of christmas carols.
Waiter	Man who serves at table in a hotel or restaurant etc.
Waiting game	The delaying of action in order to have a greater effect later.
Waiting-list	List of people waiting for a thing not immediately available.
Waiting-room	Room for people to wait in, esp. To see a doctor etc. Or at a station.
Waitress	Woman who serves at table in a hotel or restaurant etc.
Waive	refrain from insisting on or using
Waiver	Law
Waiver	waiving of a legal right etc.
Waiver	document recording this.
Wake1	(-king; past woke or waked;
Wake1	Woken or waked)
Wake1	cease to sleep.
Wake1	become alert or attentive.
Wake1	(except as waking
Wake1	) Be awake
Wake1	disturb with noise.
Wake1	evoke
Wake1	watch beside a corpse before burial; attendant lamentation and
Wake1	merrymaking.
Wake1	(usu. In
Wake1	) Annual holiday in
Wake1	northern england.
Wake2	track left on the water's surface by a moving ship.
Wake2	turbulent air left behind a moving aircraft etc.
Wakeful	unable to sleep.
Wakeful	Sleepless.
Wakeful	vigilant.
Wakeful	Wakefulness
Waken	Make or become awake.
Wale	ridge on corduroy etc.
Wale	broad thick timber along a ship's side.
Walk	a progress by lifting and setting down each foot in turn, never having both feet off the ground at once.
Walk	go with the slowest gait.
Walk	a travel or go on foot.
Walk	take exercise in this way.
Walk	traverse on foot at walking speed, tread the floor or surface of.
Walk	cause to walk with one
Walk	a act of walking, the ordinary human gait.
Walk	slowest gait of an animal.
Walk	person's manner of walking.
Walk	a distance which can be walked in a
Walk	time
Walk	excursion on foot.
Walk	place or track intended or suitable for walking.
Walk	defeat easily.
Walk	take advantage of. Walk away from
Walk	easily outdistance.
Walk	refuse to become involved with. Walk away with
Walk	= walk off with. Walk into
Walk	encounter through unwariness.
Walk	get
Walk	easily. Walk off with
Walk	steal.
Walk	win easily. Walk on air feel elated.
Walkabout	informal stroll among a crowd by a visiting dignitary.
Walkabout	period of wandering in the bush by an australian aboriginal.
Walker	person or animal that walks.
Walker	a framework in which a baby can walk unaided.
Walkie-talkie	Two-way radio carried on the person.
Walk-in	large enough to walk into.
Walking	In senses of *walk
Walking frame	Tubular metal frame for disabled or old people to help them walk.
Walking-stick	Stick carried for support when walking.
Walkman	propr. Type of personal stereo.
Walk of life	Occupation, profession.
Walk-on	non-speaking dramatic role.
Walk-on	player of this.
Walk-out	Sudden angry departure, esp. As a protest or strike.
Walk-over	Easy victory.
Walkway	Passage or path
Walkway	for walking along.
Wall	continuous vertical narrow structure of usu. Brick or stone, esp. Enclosing or dividing a space or supporting a roof.
Wall	thing like a wall, esp.: a a steep side of a mountain.
Wall	anat. The outermost layer or enclosing membrane etc. Of an organ etc.
Wall	(esp. As walled
Wall	) Surround with a wall.
Wall	block
Wall	With a wall.
Wall	enclose within a sealed space.
Wall	unorthodox. Up the wall
Wall	Crazy or furious. Walls have ears beware of eavesdroppers.
Wallaby	marsupial similar to but smaller than a kangaroo.
Wallah	person concerned with or in charge of a usu. Specified thing, business, etc.
Wall bar	One of a set of parallel bars attached to the wall of a gymnasium, on which exercises are performed.
Wallet	Small flat esp. Leather case for holding banknotes etc.
Wall-eye	eye with a streaked or opaque white iris.
Wall-eye	eye squinting outwards.
Wallflower	fragrant spring garden plant.
Wallflower	Woman sitting out a dance for lack of partners.
Wall game	Form of football played at eton.
Walloon	member of a people inhabiting s. And e. Belgium and neighbouring france.
Walloon	french dialect spoken by this people.
Walloon	Of or concerning the walloons or their language.
Wallop	thrash; beat.
Wallop	(as walloping
Wallop	) Huge.
Wallop	heavy blow.
Wallop	beer.
Wallow	roll about in mud etc.
Wallow	indulge in unrestrained pleasure, misery, etc.
Wallow	act of wallowing.
Wallow	place used by buffalo etc. For wallowing.
Wallpaper	paper for pasting on to interior walls as decoration.
Wallpaper	usu. Derog. Trivial background noise, music, etc.
Wallpaper	Decorate with wallpaper.
Wall-to-wall	fitted to cover a whole room etc.
Wall-to-wall	Ubiquitous
Wally	foolish or inept person.
Walnut	tree with aromatic leaves and drooping catkins.
Walnut	nut of this tree.
Walnut	its timber.
Walrus	large amphibious long-tusked arctic mammal.
Walrus moustache	Long thick drooping moustache.
Waltz	ballroom dance in triple time performed by couples revolving with sliding steps.
Waltz	music for this.
Waltz	dance a waltz.
Waltz	Move easily, lightly, casually, etc.
Waltz	steal.
Waltz	win easily.
Wampum	Beads made from shells and strung together for use as money, decoration, etc. By
Wampum	American indians.
Wan	pale; exhausted-looking.
Wan	Wanness
Wand	supposedly magic stick used by a fairy, magician, etc.
Wand	staff as a symbol of office.
Wand	Conductor's baton.
Wander	Go about from place to place aimlessly.
Wander	a wind about; meander.
Wander	stray from a path etc.
Wander	talk or think incoherently; be inattentive or delirious.
Wandering jew	Person who never settles down.
Wanderlust	Eagerness for travelling or wandering; restlessness.
Wane	decrease in apparent size.
Wane	decrease in power, vigour, importance, size, etc.
Wane	Process of waning.
Wangle	Contrive to obtain
Wangle	Act of wangling.
Wank	Masturbate.
Wank	Act of masturbating.
Wankel engine	Internal-combustion engine with a continuously rotated and eccentrically pivoted shaft.
Wanker	contemptible or ineffectual person.
Wannabe	avid fan who tries to emulate the person he or she admires.
Wannabe	anybody who would like to be someone else.
Want	Desire; wish for possession of; need
Want	require to be attended to; need
Want	Ought; should
Want	lack; be deficient.
Want	be without or fall short by.
Want	(as wanted
Want	Sought by the police.
Want	lack, absence, or deficiency
Want	poverty; need.
Wanting	lacking
Wanting	; not equal to requirements.
Wanting	absent, not supplied.
Wanton	licentious; sexually promiscuous.
Wanton	capricious; arbitrary; motiveless
Wanton	luxuriant; unrestrained
Wanton	Literary licentious person.
Wapiti	American deer.
War	a armed hostilities between esp. Nations; conflict.
War	specific instance or period of this.
War	suspension of international law etc. During this.
War	hostility or contention between people, groups, etc.
War	sustained campaign against crime, poverty, etc.
War	(as warring
War	) Rival; fighting.
War	make war.
Warble	sing in a gentle trilling manner.
Warble	speak in a warbling manner.
Warble	Warbled song or utterance.
Warbler	Bird that warbles.
War crime	Crime violating the international laws of war.
War cry	phrase or name shouted to rally one's troops.
War cry	party slogan etc.
Ward	separate part of a hospital or room for a particular group of patients.
Ward	administrative division of a constituency.
Ward	a minor under the care of a guardian or court.
Ward	minor or mentally deficient person placed under the protection of a court.
Ward	(in
Ward	) The corresponding notches and projections in a key and a lock.
Ward	guardian's control.
Ward	parry
Ward	avert
-ward	added to nouns of place or destination and to adverbs of direction and forming:
-ward	adverbs
-ward	meaning ‘towards’
-ward	adjectives
-ward	meaning ‘turned or tending towards’
-ward	nouns meaning ‘the region towards or about’
War dance	Dance performed by primitive peoples etc. Before a battle or to celebrate victory.
Warden	(often in
Warden	) Supervising official
Warden	president or governor of a college, hospital, etc.
Warder	prison officer.
Wardrobe	large cupboard for storing clothes.
Wardrobe	person's stock of clothes.
Wardrobe	costume department of a theatre etc.
Wardrobe mistress	person in charge of a theatrical wardrobe.
Wardroom	Mess in a warship for commissioned officers.
Wardship	Tutelage.
Ware	(esp. In
Ware	) Things of a specified kind made usu. For sale
Ware	(usu. In
Ware	) Articles for sale.
Ware	ceramics etc. Of a specified kind
Warehouse	building in which goods are stored.
Warehouse	wholesale or large retail store.
Warehouse	store temporarily in a repository.
Warfare	Waging war, campaigning.
War-game	military training exercise.
War-game	battle etc. Conducted with toy soldiers.
Warhead	Explosive head of a missile.
Warhorse	hist. Trooper's powerful horse.
Warhorse	Veteran soldier, politician, etc.
Warlike	hostile.
Warlike	soldierly.
Warlike	military.
Warlock	sorcerer.
Warlord	Military commander or commander-in-chief.
Warm	of or at a fairly high temperature.
Warm	Affording warmth.
Warm	a sympathetic, friendly, loving.
Warm	hearty, enthusiastic.
Warm	Iron. Dangerous, difficult, hostile.
Warm	close to the object etc. Sought.
Warm	near to guessing.
Warm	Reddish or yellowish; suggestive of warmth.
Warm	hunting
Warm	fresh and strong.
Warm	make warm.
Warm	warm oneself.
Warm	become animated or sympathetic.
Warm	act of warming.
Warm	warmth of the atmosphere etc.
Warm	make or become warm.
Warm	prepare for a performance etc. By practising.
Warm	reach a temperature for efficient working.
Warm	reheat
Warm	Warmth
Warm-blooded	having blood temperature well above that of the environment.
Warm-blooded	ardent.
War memorial	Monument to those killed in a war.
Warm-hearted	Kind, friendly.
Warming-pan	Hist. Container for live coals with a flat body and a long handle, used for warming a bed.
Warmonger	Person who promotes war.
Warm-up	Period of preparatory exercise.
Warm work	work etc. That makes one warm through exertion.
Warm work	dangerous conflict etc.
Warn	inform of danger, unknown circumstances, etc.
Warn	Advise
Warn	to take certain action.
Warn	inform
Warn	About a specific danger.
Warn	Admonish.
Warning	in senses of *warn.
Warning	thing that warns.
War of nerves	Attempt to wear down an opponent psychologically.
Warp	a make or become distorted, esp. Through heat, damp, etc.
Warp	make or become perverted or strange
Warp	haul
Warp	by a rope attached to a fixed point.
Warp	a warped state, esp. Of timber.
Warp	perversion of the mind.
Warp	lengthwise threads in a loom.
Warp	rope used in warping a ship.
Warpaint	paint used to adorn the body before battle, esp. By
Warpaint	American indians.
Warpaint	Make-up.
Warpath	(of
Warpath	American indians) going to war.
Warpath	Seeking a confrontation.
Warrant	thing that authorizes an action.
Warrant	a written authorization, money voucher, etc.
Warrant	written authorization allowing police to search premises, arrest a suspect, etc.
Warrant	certificate of service rank held by a warrant-officer.
Warrant	serve as a warrant for; justify.
Warrant	guarantee or attest to esp. The genuineness of.
Warrant-officer	Officer ranking between commissioned officers and ncos.
Warranty	undertaking as to the ownership or quality of a thing sold etc., often accepting responsibility for defects or repairs over a specified period.
Warranty	authority or justification.
Warren	network of rabbit burrows.
Warren	densely populated or labyrinthine building or district.
Warrior	person experienced or distinguished in fighting.
Warrior	fighting man, esp. Of primitive peoples.
Warrior	Martial
Warship	Ship used in war.
Wart	small hard round growth on the skin.
Wart	protuberance on the skin of an animal, surface of a plant, etc.
Wart	With no attempt to conceal blemishes.
Wart-hog	African wild pig.
Wartime	Period during which a war is being waged.
Wary	on one's guard; circumspect.
Wary	cautious.
Wary	showing caution.
Wary	Wariness
Was	st &
Was	rd sing. Past of *be.
Wash	cleanse with liquid, esp. Water.
Wash	remove
Wash	in this way.
Wash	Be removed by washing.
Wash	wash oneself or one's hands and face.
Wash	wash clothes, dishes, etc.
Wash	bear washing without damage.
Wash	Stand scrutiny; be believed or acceptable.
Wash	Touch.
Wash	carry along in a specified direction
Wash	Sweep, move, or splash.
Wash	occur all around without greatly affecting
Wash	1 sift
Wash	by the action of water.
Wash	2 brush watery paint or ink over.
Wash	3 poet. Moisten, water.
Wash	a washing or being washed.
Wash	a laundry etc.
Wash	clothes etc. For washing or just washed.
Wash	motion of agitated water or air, esp.
Wash-basin	Plumbed-in basin for washing one's hands etc.
Washboard	ribbed board on which clothes are scrubbed.
Washboard	this as a percussion instrument.
Washed out	faded; pale.
Washed out	Pale, exhausted.
Washed up	esp. Us
Washed up	defeated, having failed.
Washer	person or machine that washes.
Washer	flat ring inserted at a joint to tighten it and prevent leakage or under the head of a screw etc., or under a nut, to disperse its pressure.
Washer-up	person who washes up dishes etc.
Washerwoman	Laundress.
Washing	Clothes etc. For washing or just washed.
Washing-machine	Machine for washing clothes.
Washing-powder	Soap powder or detergent for washing clothes.
Washing-soda	Sodium carbonate, used dissolved in water for washing and cleaning.
Washing-up	process of washing dishes etc.
Washing-up	used dishes etc. For washing.
Wash-out	Complete failure, non-event.
Washroom	Esp. Us public toilet.
Washstand	Piece of furniture to hold a basin, jug, soap, etc.
Washy	too watery or weak.
Washy	lacking vigour or intensity.
Washy	Washiness
Wasn't	Was not.
Wasp	us usu. Derog. Middle-class american white protestant.
Wasp	Stinging insect with black and yellow stripes.
Waspish	Irritable, snappish.
Wasp-waist	Very slender waist.
Wassail	Festive occasion; drinking-bout.
Wassail	Make merry.
Wastage	amount wasted.
Wastage	loss by use, wear, or leakage.
Wastage	loss of employees other than by redundancy.
Waste	use to no purpose or with inadequate result or extravagantly.
Waste	fail to use
Waste	a give
Waste	Without effect.
Waste	fail to be appreciated or used properly
Waste	wear gradually away; make or become weak.
Waste	devastate.
Waste	superfluous; no longer needed.
Waste	not inhabited or cultivated.
Waste	act of wasting.
Waste	waste material.
Waste	waste region.
Waste	being used up; diminution by wear.
Waste disposal unit	Device fitted to a sink etc. For disposing of household waste.
Wasteful	extravagant.
Wasteful	causing or showing waste.
Wasteland	unproductive or useless area of land.
Wasteland	place or time considered spiritually or intellectually barren.
Waste paper	Used or valueless paper.
Waste-paper basket	Receptacle for waste paper.
Waste pipe	Pipe to carry off waste material.
Waste product	Useless by-product of manufacture or of an organism.
Waster	wasteful person.
Waster	Wastrel.
Wastrel	Good-for-nothing person.
Watch	keep the eyes fixed on.
Watch	keep under observation; follow observantly.
Watch	be in an alert state; be vigilant.
Watch	look after; take care of.
Watch	small portable timepiece for carrying on the wrist or in a pocket.
Watch	state of alert or constant observation or attention.
Watch	usu. Four-hour spell of duty.
Watch	each of the halves into which a ship's crew is divided to take alternate watches.
Watch	hist. Watchman or watchmen.
Watch	Be careful. Watch out
Watch	be on one's guard.
Watch	(also in
Watchdog	dog guarding property etc.
Watchdog	person or body monitoring others' rights etc.
Watchful	accustomed to watching, alert.
Watchful	on the watch.
Watchful	Watchfulness
Watching brief	Brief of a barrister who follows a case for a client not directly concerned.
Watchmaker	Person who makes and repairs watches and clocks.
Watchman	Man employed to look after an empty building etc. At night.
Watch-night service	Religious service held on the last night of the year.
Watch-tower	Tower for keeping watch from.
Watchword	Phrase summarizing a guiding principle.
Water	colourless transparent liquid compound of oxygen and hydrogen.
Water	liquid consisting chiefly of this and found in seas and rivers, in rain, and in secretions of organisms.
Water	expanse of water; a sea, lake, river, etc.
Water	(in
Water	) Part of a sea or river.
Water	mineral water at a spa etc.
Water	state of a tide.
Water	solution of a specified substance in water
Water	transparency and brilliance of a gem.
Water	found in or near water.
Water	of, for, or worked by water.
Water	involving, using, or yielding water.
Water	0 (usu. In
Water	) Amniotic fluid, released during labour.
Water	sprinkle or soak with water.
Water	supply
Water	with water.
Water	give water to
Water	secrete water.
Water	(as watered
Water	Having irregular wavy glossy markings.
Water	take in a supply of water.
Water	dilute.
Water	make less forceful or horrifying. Water under the bridge past events accepted as irrevocable.
Water-bed	Mattress filled with water.
Water-biscuit	Thin crisp unsweetened biscuit.
Water-buffalo	Common domestic indian buffalo.
Water bus	Boat carrying passengers on a regular run on a river, lake, etc.
Water-cannon	Device using a jet of water to disperse a crowd etc.
Water-carrier	zodiacal sign or constellation aquarius.
Water chestnut	Corm from a sedge, used in chinese cookery.
Water-clock	Clock measuring time by the flow of water.
Water-closet	Lavatory that can be flushed.
Water-color	artists' paint made of pigment to be diluted with water and not oil.
Water-color	picture painted with this.
Water-color	art of painting with water-colours.
Water-colour	artists' paint made of pigment to be diluted with water and not oil.
Water-colour	picture painted with this.
Water-colour	art of painting with water-colours.
Water-cooled	Cooled by the circulation of water.
Watercourse	brook or stream.
Watercourse	bed of this.
Watercress	Pungent cress growing in running water and used in salad.
Water-diviner	Dowser.
Waterfall	Stream flowing over a precipice or down a steep hillside.
Waterfowl	(usu. Collect. As
Waterfowl	) Birds frequenting water.
Waterfront	Part of a town adjoining a river etc.
Water-glass	Solution of sodium or potassium silicate used esp. For preserving eggs.
Water-hammer	Knocking noise in a water-pipe when a tap is suddenly turned off.
Water-hole	Shallow depression in which water collects.
Water-ice	Flavoured and frozen water and sugar etc.
Watering-can	Portable container with a long spout, for watering plants.
Watering-hole	bar.
Watering-place	pool from which animals regularly drink.
Watering-place	spa or seaside resort.
Water jump	Jump over water in a steeplechase etc.
Water-level	a surface of the water in a reservoir etc.
Water-level	height of this.
Water-level	level below which the ground is saturated with water.
Water-level	level using water to determine the horizontal.
Water lily	Aquatic plant with floating leaves and flowers.
Water-line	Line along which the surface of water touches a ship's side.
Waterlogged	Saturated or filled with water.
Waterloo	Decisive defeat or contest.
Water main	Main pipe in a water-supply system.
Waterman	boatman plying for hire.
Waterman	oarsman as regards skill in keeping the boat balanced.
Watermark	Faint design in some paper identifying the maker etc.
Watermark	Mark with this.
Water-meadow	Meadow periodically flooded by a stream.
Water melon	Large dark-green melon with red pulp and watery juice.
Water-mill	Mill worked by a water-wheel.
Water-pistol	Toy pistol shooting a jet of water.
Water polo	Game played by swimmers, with a ball like a football.
Water-power	Mechanical force derived from the weight or motion of water.
Waterproof	Impervious to water.
Waterproof	Waterproof garment or material.
Waterproof	Make waterproof.
Water-rate	Charge made for the use of the public water-supply.
Watershed	line of separation between waters flowing to different rivers, basins, etc.
Watershed	turning-point in affairs.
Waterside	Edge of a sea, lake, or river.
Water-ski	Each of a pair of skis for skimming the surface of the water when towed by a motor boat.
Water-ski	Travel on water-skis.
Water-softener	Apparatus for softening hard water.
Waterspout	Gyrating column of water and spray between sea and cloud.
Watertight	closely fastened or fitted so as to prevent the passage of water.
Watertight	Unassailable.
Water-tower	Tower with an elevated tank to give pressure for distributing water.
Water-vole	Aquatic vole.
Waterway	Navigable channel.
Water-wheel	Wheel driven by water to work machinery, or to raise water.
Water-wings	pl. Inflated floats fixed on the arms of a person learning to swim.
Waterworks	establishment for managing a water-supply.
Waterworks	Shedding of tears.
Waterworks	Urinary system.
Watery	containing too much water.
Watery	too thin in consistency.
Watery	of or consisting of water.
Watery	vapid, uninteresting.
Watery	pale.
Watery	rainy-looking.
Watery	moist; tearful.
Watt	Si unit of power, equivalent to one joule per second, corresponding to the rate of energy in an electric circuit where the potential difference is one volt and the current one ampere.
Wattage	Amount of electrical power expressed in watts.
Watt-hour	Energy used when one watt is applied for one hour.
Wattle1	structure of interlaced rods and sticks used for fences etc.
Wattle1	australian acacia with pliant branches and golden flowers used as the national emblem.
Wattle2	Fleshy appendage on the head or throat of a turkey or other birds.
Wattle and daub	Network of rods and twigs plastered with clay or mud as a building material.
Wave	move a hand etc. To and fro in greeting or as a signal.
Wave	move
Wave	In this way.
Wave	a show a sinuous or sweeping motion as of a flag, tree, corn, etc. In the wind.
Wave	impart a waving motion to.
Wave	direct
Wave	by waving
Wave	express
Wave	By waving.
Wave	give an undulating form to
Wave	Have such a form.
Wave	ridge of water between two depressions.
Wave	long body of water curling into an arch and breaking on the shore.
Wave	thing compared to this, e.g.
Wave	body of persons in one of successive advancing groups.
Wave	gesture of waving.
Wave	a process of waving the hair.
Wave	undulating form produced by this.
Wave	temporary occurrence or increase of a condition or influence
Wave	physics a disturbance of the particles of esp.
Wave	fluid medium for the propagation or direction of motion, heat, light, sound, etc.
Wave	single curve in this motion.
Wave	undulating line or outline.
Wave	Cause trouble. Wave aside dismiss as intrusive or irrelevant. Wave down wave to
Wave	to stop.
Waveband	Range of radio wavelengths between certain limits.
Wave-form	Physics curve showing the shape of a wave at a given time.
Wavelength	distance between successive crests of a wave.
Wavelength	this as a distinctive feature of radio waves from a transmitter.
Wavelength	Particular mode or range of thought.
Wavelet	Small wave.
Wave machine	Device at a swimming-pool producing waves.
Waver	be or become unsteady; begin to give way.
Waver	be irresolute.
Waver	flicker.
Wavy	having waves or alternate contrary curves.
Wax1	sticky plastic yellowish substance secreted by bees as the material of honeycomb.
Wax1	this bleached and purified, used for candles, modelling, etc.
Wax1	any similar substance, e.g. The yellow substance secreted by the ear.
Wax1	cover or treat with wax.
Wax1	remove unwanted hair from
Wax1	Using wax.
Wax2	increase in apparent size.
Wax2	become larger or stronger.
Wax2	pass into a specified state or mood
Waxen	smooth or pale like wax.
Waxen	made of wax.
Waxwing	Any of various birds with tips like red sealing-wax to some wing-feathers.
Waxwork	object, esp.
Waxwork	lifelike dummy, modelled in wax.
Waxwork	(in
Waxwork	) Exhibition of wax dummies.
Way	road, track, path, etc., for passing along.
Way	course or route for reaching a place
Way	method or plan for attaining an object.
Way	style, manner
Way	person's chosen or habitual course of action.
Way	normal course of events
Way	travelling distance; length traversed or to be traversed.
Way	unimpeded opportunity or space to advance
Way	advance in some direction; impetus, progress
Way	0 being engaged in movement from place to place; time spent in this
Way	1 specified direction
Way	Scope or range.
Way	3 line of occupation or business.
Way	4 specified condition or state
Way	5 respect
Way	6 (in
Way	) Part into which a thing is divided
Way	7 (in
Way	) Structure of timber etc. Down which a new ship is launched.
Way	Far
Way	by means of.
Way	as a form of.
Way	passing through. Come one's way become available to one. Get out of the
Way	Way stop obstructing a person. Go out of one's way make a special effort. In a way to some extent. In the
Way	way forming an obstruction. Lead the way act as guide or leader. Look the other way ignore what one should notice. On the
Way	way
Way	in the course of a journey etc.
Way	having progressed.
Way	conceived but not yet born. On the way out
Way	Going out of fashion or favour. Out of the way
Way	no longer an obstacle.
Way	disposed of.
Way	unusual.
Way	remote.
Way back	Long ago.
Waybill	List of passengers or parcels on a vehicle.
Wayfarer	Traveller, esp. On foot.
Waylay	(past and
Waylay	Waylaid)
Waylay	lie in wait for.
Waylay	stop to talk to or rob.
Way of life	Principles or habits governing all one's actions etc.
Way-out	Unusual; eccentric.
-ways	forming adjectives and adverbs of direction or manner
Ways and means	methods of achieving something.
Ways and means	methods of raising government revenue.
Wayside	side of a road.
Wayside	land at the side of a road.
Wayward	Childishly self-willed; capricious.
Wb	Weber
Wc	water-closet.
Wc	west central.
W/cdr.	Wing commander.
We	(obj. Us;
We	Our, ours)
We	Of *i2.
We	used for or by a royal person in a proclamation etc. Or by an editor etc. In a formal context.
Wea	Workers' educational association.
Weak	deficient in strength, power, vigour, resolution, or number.
Weak	unconvincing.
Weak	forming inflections by the addition of a
Weak	to the stem.
Weaken	Make or become weak or weaker.
Weak-kneed	Lacking resolution.
Weakling	Feeble person or animal.
Weakly	In a weak manner.
Weakly	sickly, not robust.
Weak-minded	mentally deficient.
Weak-minded	lacking in resolution.
Weak moment	Time when one is unusually compliant or susceptible.
Weakness	being weak.
Weakness	weak point.
Weakness	self-indulgent liking
Weak point	place where defences are assailable.
Weak point	flaw in an argument or character or in resistance to temptation.
Weal1	Ridge raised on the flesh by a stroke of a rod or whip.
Weal1	Mark with a weal.
Weal2	Literary welfare.
Wealth	riches.
Wealth	being rich.
Wealth	abundance.
Wealthy	having an abundance, esp. Of money.
Wean	accustom
Wean	to food other than
Wean	milk.
Wean	disengage
Wean	By enforced discontinuance.
Weapon	thing designed, used, or usable for inflicting bodily harm.
Weapon	means for gaining the advantage in a conflict.
Weaponry	Weapons collectively.
Wear	(past wore;
Wear	Worn)
Wear	have on one's person as clothing or an ornament etc.
Wear	exhibit or present
Wear	Tolerate.
Wear	a injure the surface of, or partly obliterate or alter, by rubbing, stress, or use.
Wear	undergo such injury or change.
Wear	rub or be rubbed off.
Wear	make
Wear	By constant rubbing or dripping etc.
Wear	exhaust.
Wear	overcome by persistence.
Wear	Endure continued use or life.
Wear	pass, esp. Tediously.
Wear	fly
Wear	wearing or being worn.
Wear	things worn; fashionable or suitable clothing
Wear	damage from continuous use.
Wear	use or be used until useless.
Wear	tire or be tired out. Wear thin
Wear	Begin to fail. Wear the trousers see *trousers.
Wearisome	Tedious; tiring by monotony or length.
Weary	very tired after exertion or endurance.
Weary	no longer interested in, tired of.
Weary	tiring, tedious.
Weary	make or grow weary.
Weary	Weariness
Weasel	Small flesh-eating mammal related to the stoat and ferret.
Weasel word	(usu. In
Weasel word	) Word that is intentionally ambiguous or misleading.
Weather	state of the atmosphere at a place and time as regards heat, cloudiness, dryness, sunshine, wind, and rain etc.
Weather	Windward.
Weather	expose to or affect by atmospheric changes; season
Weather	be discoloured or worn in this way.
Weather	a come safely through
Weather	survive
Weather	get to the windward of
Weather	Exaggerate the difficulty presented by. Under the weather
Weather	Indisposed.
Weather-beaten	Affected by exposure to the weather.
Weatherboard	sloping board attached to the bottom of an outside door to keep out the rain etc.
Weatherboard	each of a series of overlapping horizontal boards on a wall.
Weatherboard	(in sense
Weathercock	weather-vane in the form of a cock.
Weathercock	inconstant person.
Weather forecast	Assessment of likely weather.
Weatherman	Meteorologist, esp. One who broadcasts a weather forecast.
Weatherproof	Resistant to the effects of bad weather, esp. Rain.
Weather-vane	revolving pointer on a church spire etc. To show the direction of the wind.
Weather-vane	inconstant person.
Weave1	(-ving; past wove;
Weave1	Woven or wove)
Weave1	a form
Weave1	by interlacing long threads in two directions.
Weave1	form
Weave1	into fabric in this way.
Weave1	make fabric in this way.
Weave1	make
Weave1	Into a story or connected whole.
Weave1	make
Weave1	in this way.
Weave1	Style of weaving.
Weave2	move repeatedly from side to side; take an intricate course to avoid obstructions.
Weave2	begin action; hurry.
Weaver	person who weaves fabric.
Weaver	tropical bird building elaborately woven nests.
Web	a woven fabric.
Web	amount woven in one piece.
Web	complex series
Web	cobweb, gossamer, or a similar product of a spinning creature.
Web	membrane between the toes of a swimming animal or bird.
Web	large roll of paper used in printing.
Web	thin flat connecting part in machinery etc.
Webbing	Strong narrow closely-woven fabric used for belts etc.
Weber	The si unit of magnetic flux.
Web-footed	Having the toes connected by webs.
Wed.	Wednesday.
Wed	(-dd-; past and
Wed	Wedded or wed)
Wed	usu. Formal or literary marry.
Wed	unite.
Wed	(as wedded
Wed	) Of or in marriage
Wed	(as wedded
Wed	obstinately attached or devoted to
We'd	we had.
We'd	we should; we would.
Wedding	Marriage ceremony.
Wedding breakfast	Meal etc. Between a wedding and departure for the honeymoon.
Wedding cake	Rich iced cake served at a wedding reception.
Wedding ring	Ring worn by a married person.
Wedge	piece of tapering wood or metal etc. Driven between two objects or parts to secure or separate them.
Wedge	anything resembling a wedge.
Wedge	golf club with a wedge-shaped head.
Wedge	secure or fasten with a wedge.
Wedge	force open or apart with a wedge.
Wedge	pack or thrust
Wedge	tightly in or into.
Wedge	Thing of little importance in itself, but likely to lead to more serious developments.
Wedgwood	Propr.
Wedgwood	a kind of fine stoneware usu. With a white cameo design.
Wedgwood	its characteristic blue colour.
Wedlock	The married state.
Wednesday	Day of the week following tuesday.
Wednesday	on wednesday.
Wednesday	on wednesdays; each wednesday.
Weds.	Var. Of *wed.
Wee1	esp. Scot. Little.
Wee1	Tiny.
Weed	wild plant growing where it is not wanted.
Weed	thin weak-looking person or horse.
Weed	a marijuana.
Weed	tobacco.
Weed	a clear
Weed	of weeds.
Weed	remove unwanted parts from.
Weed	a sort out and remove
Weed	rid of inferior parts, unwanted members, etc.
Weed	cut off or uproot weeds.
Weed-killer	Chemical used to destroy weeds.
Weeds	pl.
Weeds	deep mourning worn by a widow.
Weedy	weak, feeble.
Weedy	having many weeds.
Week	period of seven days reckoned usu. From midnight on saturday.
Week	any period of seven days.
Week	the six days between sundays.
Week	a the five days monday to friday.
Week	time spent working in this period
Weekday	Day other than sunday or saturday and sunday.
Weekend	sunday and saturday or part of saturday.
Weekend	this period extended slightly esp. For a holiday or visit etc.
Weekender	Person who spends the weekend away from home; weekend visitor.
Weekly	Done, produced, or occurring once a week.
Weekly	Once a week.
Weekly	weekly newspaper or periodical.
Weeny	Tiny.
Weep	(past and
Weep	Wept)
Weep	shed tears.
Weep	bewail, lament over.
Weep	a be covered with or send forth drops.
Weep	come or send forth in drops; exude liquid.
Weep	(as weeping
Weep	having drooping branches.
Weep	Spell of weeping.
Weepie	Sentimental or emotional film, play, etc.
Weepy	Inclined to weep; tearful.
Weevil	Destructive beetle feeding esp. On grain.
Wee-wee	act of urinating.
Wee-wee	urine.
Wee-wee	urinate.
Weft	threads woven across a warp to make fabric.
Weft	yarn for these.
Weft	thing woven.
Weigh	find the weight of.
Weigh	balance in the hands to guess or as if to guess the weight of.
Weigh	take a definite weight of
Weigh	; measure out
Weigh	(weigh out the flour; weigh out
Weigh	oz).
Weigh	a estimate the relative value, importance, or desirability of.
Weigh	compare.
Weigh	be equal to
Weigh	have (esp.
Weigh	specified) importance; exert an influence.
Weigh	be heavy or burdensome
Weigh	; be depressing
Weigh	bring down by exerting weight.
Weigh	be oppressive to. Weigh in
Weigh	be weighed. Weigh in with
Weigh	Advance
Weigh	Boldly. Weigh out
Weigh	be weighed before a race. Weigh up
Weigh	Form an estimate of. Weigh one's words carefully choose the way one expresses something.
Weighbridge	Weighing-machine for vehicles.
Weigh-in	Weighing of a boxer before a fight.
Weight	force experienced by a body as a result of the earth's gravitation.
Weight	heaviness of a body regarded as a property of it.
Weight	a quantitative expression of a body's weight.
Weight	scale of such weights
Weight	body of a known weight for use in weighing or weight training.
Weight	heavy body, esp. As used in a mechanism etc.
Weight	load or burden.
Weight	influence, importance.
Weight	athletics
Weight	a attach a weight to.
Weight	hold down with a weight.
Weight	impede or burden.
Weight	Be unpleasantly self-assertive. Worth one's weight in gold very useful or helpful.
Weighting	Extra allowance paid in special cases.
Weightless	Not apparently acted on by gravity.
Weightlifting	Sport of lifting heavy weights.
Weight training	Physical training using weights.
Weighty	heavy.
Weighty	momentous.
Weighty	Deserving consideration.
Weighty	influential, authoritative.
Weighty	Weightiness
Weir	Dam across a river to raise the level of water upstream or regulate its flow.
Weird	uncanny, supernatural.
Weird	Queer, incomprehensible.
Weird	Weirdness
Weirdo	Odd or eccentric person.
Welcome	Act of greeting or receiving gladly; kind or glad reception.
Welcome	Expressing such a greeting.
Welcome	receive with a welcome.
Welcome	that one receives with pleasure
Welcome	Cordially allowed or invited
Weld	a hammer or press
Weld	into one piece.
Weld	join by fusion with an electric arc etc.
Weld	form by welding into some article.
Weld	fashion into an effectual or homogeneous whole.
Weld	Welded joint.
Welfare	well-being, happiness; health and prosperity
Welfare	a welfare centre or office.
Welfare	financial support given by the state.
Welfare state	system whereby the state undertakes to protect the health and well-being of its citizens by means of grants, pensions, etc.
Welfare state	country practising this system.
Welfare work	Organized effort for the welfare of the poor, disabled, etc.
Welkin	Poet. Sky.
Well1	in a satisfactory way
Well1	with some distinction
Well1	in a kind way
Well1	thoroughly, carefully
Well1	with heartiness or approval
Well1	probably, reasonably
Well1	to a considerable extent
Well1	(usu.
Well1	) In good health.
Well1	in a satisfactory state or position.
Well1	advisable
Well1	Expressing surprise, resignation, etc., or used to introduce speech.
Well1	having made considerable progress.
Well1	Fast asleep or drunk. Well done! Expressing praise for something done. Well worth certainly worth.
Well2	shaft sunk into the ground to obtain water, oil, etc.
Well2	enclosed space like a well-shaft, e.g. In the middle of a building for stairs or a lift, or for light or ventilation.
Well2	source.
Well2	(in
Well2	) Spa.
Well2	water-spring.
Well2	railed space in a lawcourt.
Well2	spring as from a fountain.
We'll	We shall; we will.
Well-adjusted	mentally and emotionally stable.
Well-adjusted	in a good state of adjustment.
Well-advised	Prudent.
Well-appointed	Having all the necessary equipment.
Well-attended	Attended by a large number of people.
Well-balanced	Sane, sensible.
Well-behaved	Habitually behaving well.
Well-being	State of being contented, healthy, etc.
Well-born	Of noble family.
Well-bred	Having or showing good breeding or manners.
Well-built	Big, strong, and well-proportioned.
Well-connected	Associated, esp. By birth, with persons of good social position.
Well-disposed	friendly or sympathetic.
Well-dressed	Fashionably smart.
Well-earned	Fully deserved.
Well-founded	Based on good evidence.
Well-groomed	With carefully tended hair, clothes, etc.
Well-head	Source.
Well-heeled	Wealthy.
Wellies	Wellingtons.
Well-informed	Having much knowledge or information about a subject.
Wellington	waterproof boot usu. Reaching the knee.
Well-intentioned	Having or showing good intentions.
Well-judged	Opportunely, skilfully, or discreetly done.
Well-kept	Kept in good order or condition.
Well-known	Known to many.
Well-made	strongly manufactured.
Well-made	having a good build.
Well-mannered	Having good manners.
Well-meaning	well-intentioned
Wellnigh	Almost
Well off	having plenty of money.
Well off	in a fortunate situation.
Well-oiled	Very drunk.
Well-paid	that pays well.
Well-paid	amply rewarded for a job.
Well-preserved	in good condition.
Well-preserved	showing little sign of age.
Well-read	Knowledgeable through much reading.
Well-received	Welcomed; favourably received.
Well-rounded	Complete and symmetrical.
Well-spoken	Articulate or refined in speech.
Well-to-do	Prosperous.
Well-tried	Often tested with good results.
Well-trodden	Much frequented.
Well-wisher	Person who wishes one well.
Well-worn	much worn by use.
Well-worn	Trite.
Welsh	Of or relating to wales or its people or language.
Welsh	the celtic language of wales.
Welsh	(prec. By the; treated as
Welsh	) The people of wales.
Welsh	(of a loser of a bet, esp.
Welsh	bookmaker) decamp without paying.
Welsh	evade an obligation.
Welsh	a fail to carry out a promise to
Welsh	fail to honour
Welshman	Man who is welsh by birth or descent.
Welsh rabbit	dish of melted cheese etc. On toast.
Welshwoman	Woman who is welsh by birth or descent.
Welt	leather rim sewn round the edge of a shoe-upper for the sole to be attached to.
Welt	ribbed or reinforced border of a garment.
Welt	heavy blow.
Welt	provide with a welt.
Welt	raise weals on; thrash.
Welter1	roll, wallow.
Welter1	lie prostrate or be soaked in.
Welter1	general confusion.
Welter1	disorderly mixture or contrast.
Welter2	Heavy rider or boxer.
Welterweight	weight in certain sports intermediate between lightweight and middleweight, in the amateur boxing scale
Welterweight	3.5–67 kg.
Welterweight	sportsman of this weight.
Wen	Benign tumour on the skin, esp. On the scalp.
Wench	Joc. Girl or young woman.
Wendy house	Children's small houselike tent or structure for playing in.
Were	nd sing. Past,
Were	Past, and past subjunctive of *be.
We're	We are.
Weren't	Were not.
Werewolf	mythical being who at times changes from a person to a wolf.
Wesleyan	Of or relating to a protestant denomination founded by john wesley.
Wesleyan	Member of this denomination.
West	a point of the horizon where the sun sets at the equinoxes.
West	compass point corresponding to this.
West	direction in which this lies.
West	a european civilization.
West	states of western europe and
West	America.
West	western part of a country, town, etc.
West	towards, at, near, or facing the west.
West	from the west
West	towards, at, or near the west.
West	further west than.
West	be killed or destroyed etc. To the west
West	in a westerly direction.
Westbound	Travelling or leading westwards.
West country	South-western england.
West end	Main entertainment and shopping area of london.
Westering	nearing the west.
Westerly	in a western position or direction.
Westerly	from the west.
Westerly	such a wind.
Western	Of or in the west.
Western	Film or novel about cowboys in western north america.
Westerner	Native or inhabitant of the west.
Westernize	influence with, or convert to, the ideas and customs etc. Of the west.
West indian	native or national of the west indies.
West indian	person of west indian descent.
West-north-west	Point or direction midway between west and north-west.
West side	Us western part of manhattan.
West-south-west	Point or direction midway between west and south-west.
Westward	towards the west.
Westward	Westward direction or region.
Wet	soaked or covered with water or other liquid.
Wet	Rainy.
Wet	Not yet dried.
Wet	used with water
Wet	Feeble, inept.
Wet	(-tt-; past and
Wet	Wet or wetted)
Wet	make wet.
Wet	a urinate in or on
Wet blanket	Gloomy person hindering others' enjoyment.
Wet dream	Erotic dream with the involuntary ejaculation of semen.
Wether	Castrated ram.
Wetland	(often in
Wetland	) Swamps and other damp areas of land.
Wet-nurse	Woman employed to suckle another's child.
Wet-nurse	act as a wet-nurse to.
Wet-nurse	Treat as if helpless.
Wet suit	Rubber garment worn by skin-divers etc. To keep warm.
We've	We have.
Wg. Cdr.	Wing commander.
Whack	strike or beat forcefully.
Whack	(as whacked
Whack	) Tired out.
Whack	sharp or resounding blow.
Whack	share.
Whack	attempt.
Whacking	Very large.
Whacking	Very.
Whale	very large marine mammal with a streamlined body and horizontal tail.
Whale	hunt whales.
Whale	An exceedingly good or fine etc.
Whalebone	Elastic horny substance in the upper jaw of some whales.
Whale-oil	Oil from the blubber of whales.
Whaler	Whaling ship or seaman.
Wham	Expressing forcible impact.
Wharf	quayside area to which a ship may be moored to load and unload.
Wharf	moor
Wharf	at a wharf.
Wharf	store
Wharf	on a wharf.
Wharfage	accommodation at a wharf.
Wharfage	fee for this.
What	asking for a choice from an indefinite number or for a statement of amount, number, or kind
What	adj.
What	how great or remarkable
What	. —rel.
What	The or any … that
What	(corresponding to the functions of the
What	what thing or things?
What	= what did you say?
What	how much
What	(as rel.
What	) That or those which; a or the or any thing which
What	To what extent
What	Substitute for a name not recalled. What ever what at all or in any way
What	. What for
What	for what reason?
What	severe reprimand
What	. What have you
What	Anything else similar. What not
What	other similar things. What's-his
What	-name
What	Substitute for a name not recalled. What's what
What	What is useful or important etc. What with
What	Because of
Whatever	though anything
Whatever	(with neg. Or
Whatever	) At all; of any kind
Whatnot	Indefinite or trivial thing.
Wheat	cereal plant bearing dense four-sided seed-spikes.
Wheat	its grain, used in making flour etc.
Wheatear	Small migratory bird.
Wheaten	Made of wheat.
Wheat germ	Embryo of the wheat grain, extracted as a source of vitamins.
Wheatmeal	Flour made from wheat with some of the bran and germ removed.
Wheedle	coax by flattery or endearments.
Wheedle	get
Wheedle	out of a person or cheat
Wheedle	out of a thing by wheedling.
Wheel	circular frame or disc which revolves on an axle and is used for vehicular or other mechanical motion.
Wheel	wheel-like thing.
Wheel	motion as of a wheel, esp. The movement of a line of soldiers with one end as a pivot.
Wheel	(in
Wheel	car.
Wheel	a turn on an axis or pivot.
Wheel	swing round in line with one end as a pivot.
Wheel	change direction or face another way.
Wheel	cause to do this.
Wheel	push or pull
Wheel	go in circles or curves.
Wheel	driving a vehicle.
Wheel	directing a ship.
Wheel	in control. On wheels
Wheel	smoothly. Wheel and deal engage in political or commercial scheming. Wheels within wheels
Wheel	intricate machinery.
Wheel	Indirect or secret agencies.
Wheel	(also in
Wheelbarrow	Small handcart with one wheel and two shafts.
Wheelbase	Distance between the axles of a vehicle.
Wheelchair	Chair on wheels for an invalid or disabled person.
-wheeler	Form vehicle with a specified number of wheels
Wheeler-dealer	Person who wheels and deals.
Wheel-house	Steersman's shelter.
Wheelie	stunt of riding a bicycle or motor cycle with the front wheel off the ground.
Wheel-spin	Rotation of a vehicle's wheels without traction.
Wheelwright	Person who makes or repairs wheels.
Wheeze	breathe with an audible whistling sound.
Wheeze	utter with this sound.
Wheeze	sound of wheezing.
Wheeze	Clever scheme.
Wheeze	. Wheezily
Wheeze	Wheeziness
Whelk	Marine mollusc with a spiral shell.
Whelm	Poet.
Whelm	engulf.
Whelm	crush with weight.
Whelp	young dog; puppy.
Whelp	cub.
Whelp	ill-mannered child or youth.
Whelp	Give birth to
Whelp	child).
When	at what time?
When	on what occasion?
When	how soon? —rel.
When	At or on which
When	at the or any time that; as soon as
When	although
When	after which; and then; but just then
When	What time?; which time
When	Time, occasion
Whenever	at whatever time; on whatever occasion.
Whenever	every time that.
Whensoever	Formal
Where	in or to what place or position?
Where	in what respect?
Where	. —rel.
Where	In or to which
Where	in or to the or any place, direction, or respect in which
Where	and there
Where	What place?
Where	Place; scene of something (see *when
Whereabouts	Approximately where?
Whereabouts	(as sing. Or
Whereabouts	) Person's or thing's location.
Whereas	in contrast or comparison with the fact that.
Whereas	taking into consideration the fact that.
Whereby	By what or which means.
Wherefore	for what reason?
Wherefore	for which reason.
Wherefore	See *why.
Wherein	Formal in what or which place or respect.
Whereof	Formal of what or which.
Whereupon	Immediately after which.
Wherever	In or to whatever place.
Wherever	In every place that.
Wherewithal	Money etc. Needed for a purpose.
Wherry	light rowing-boat usu. For carrying passengers.
Wherry	large light barge.
Whet	sharpen
Whet	stimulate
Whether	Introducing the first or both of alternative possibilities
Whetstone	Tapered stone used with water to sharpen tools.
Whew	Expressing surprise, consternation, or relief.
Whey	Watery liquid left when milk forms curds.
Which	Asking for choice from a definite set of alternatives
Which	. —rel.
Which	Being the one just referred to; and this or these
Which	which person or persons?
Which	which thing or things?
Which	. —rel.
Which	which thing or things, usu. Introducing a clause not essential for identification
Which	used in place of that after in or that
Whichever	Any which
Whiff	puff or breath of air, smoke, etc.
Whiff	smell.
Whiff	trace of scandal etc.
Whiff	small cigar.
Whig	Hist. Member of the british reforming and constitutional party succeeded in the
Whig	9th c. By the liberal party.
Whig	Whiggish
Whig	Whiggism
While	Period of time
While	during the time that; for as long as; at the same time as
While	in spite of the fact that; whereas
While	pass
While	In a leisurely or interesting way. —rel.
While	During which
Whilst	While.
Whim	sudden fancy; caprice.
Whim	capriciousness.
Whimper	Make feeble, querulous, or frightened sounds.
Whimper	Such a sound.
Whimsical	Capricious, fantastic.
Whimsical	Whimsically
Whin	(in sing. Or
Whin	) Gorse.
Whinchat	Small songbird.
Whine	complaining long-drawn wail as of a dog.
Whine	similar shrill prolonged sound.
Whine	querulous tone or complaint.
Whine	emit or utter a whine; complain.
Whinge	Whine; grumble peevishly.
Whinny	gentle or joyful neigh.
Whinny	give a whinny.
Whip	lash attached to a stick for urging on animals or punishing etc.
Whip	a member of a political party in parliament appointed to control its discipline and tactics.
Whip	whips' written notice requesting or requiring attendance for voting at a division etc., variously underlined according to the degree of urgency
Whip	party discipline and instructions
Whip	dessert made with whipped cream etc.
Whip	beat or urge on with a whip.
Whip	beat
Whip	Into a froth.
Whip	take or move suddenly, unexpectedly, or rapidly
Whip	steal.
Whip	a excel.
Whip	defeat.
Whip	bind with spirally wound twine.
Whip	sew with overcast stitches.
Whipcord	Tightly twisted cord.
Whip hand	hand that holds the whip
Whip hand	advantage or control in a situation.
Whiplash	Flexible end of a whip.
Whiplash injury	Injury to the neck caused by a jerk of the head, esp. As in a motor accident.
Whipper-in	huntsman's assistant who manages the hounds.
Whippersnapper	small child.
Whippersnapper	insignificant but presumptuous person.
Whippet	Crossbred dog of the greyhound type used for racing.
Whipping boy	Scapegoat.
Whipping-top	Top kept spinning by blows of a lash.
Whippoorwill	American nightjar.
Whip-round	Informal collection of money among a group of people.
Whipstock	Handle of a whip.
Whirl	swing round and round; revolve rapidly.
Whirl	convey or go rapidly in a vehicle etc.
Whirl	send or travel swiftly in an orbit or a curve.
Whirl	Seem to spin round.
Whirl	whirling movement.
Whirl	state of intense activity
Whirl	state of confusion
Whirl	Attempt it.
Whirligig	spinning or whirling toy.
Whirligig	merry-go-round.
Whirligig	revolving motion.
Whirlpool	Powerful circular eddy of water.
Whirlwind	rapidly whirling mass or column of air.
Whirlwind	Very rapid.
Whirr	Continuous rapid buzz or soft clicking sound.
Whirr	make this sound.
Whisk	a brush with a sweeping movement.
Whisk	take suddenly.
Whisk	whip
Whisk	convey or go
Whisk	lightly or quickly.
Whisk	wave or lightly brandish.
Whisk	whisking action or motion.
Whisk	utensil for whisking eggs or cream etc.
Whisk	bunch of grass, twigs, bristles, etc., for removing dust or flies.
Whisker	(usu. In
Whisker	) Hair growing on a man's face, esp. On the cheek.
Whisker	each of the bristles on the face of a cat etc.
Whisker	Small distance
Whisker	Whiskery
Whiskey	spirit distilled esp. From malted grain, esp. Barley or rye.
Whisky	(ir.
Whisky	us whiskey)
Whisky	spirit distilled esp. From malted grain, esp. Barley or rye.
Whisper	a speak very softly without vibration of the vocal cords.
Whisper	talk or say in a barely audible tone or in a secret or confidential way.
Whisper	rustle or murmur.
Whisper	whispering speech or sound.
Whisper	thing whispered.
Whist	Card-game usu. For two pairs of players.
Whist drive	Social occasion with the playing of progressive whist.
Whistle	clear shrill sound made by forcing breath through a small hole between nearly closed lips.
Whistle	similar sound made by a bird, the wind, a missile, etc.
Whistle	instrument used to produce such a sound.
Whistle	emit a whistle.
Whistle	a give a signal or express surprise or derision by whistling.
Whistle	summon or give a signal to
Whistle	By whistling.
Whistle	Produce
Whistle	by whistling.
Whistle	vainly seek or desire.
Whistle-stop	us small unimportant town on a railway.
Whistle-stop	politician's brief pause for an electioneering speech on tour.
Whit	Of whitsuntide or whit sunday.
Whit	Particle; least possible amount
White	resembling a surface reflecting sunlight without absorbing any of the visible rays; of the colour of milk or snow.
White	nearly this colour; pale, esp. In the face.
White	a of the human group having light-coloured skin.
White	of or relating to white people.
White	albino
White	having lost its colour, esp. In old age.
White	with milk or cream.
White	white colour or pigment.
White	a white clothes or material.
White	) White garments as worn in cricket, tennis, etc.
White	white piece, ball, etc.
White	player using these.
White	whitish part of the eyeball round the iris.
White	member of a light-skinned race.
White	Whitish
White ant	Termite.
Whitebait	(usu. In
Whitebait	) Small silvery-white young of herrings and sprats, esp. As food.
White cell	Leucocyte.
White-collar	non-manual; clerical, professional.
White elephant	Useless possession.
White feather	Symbol of cowardice.
White flag	Symbol of surrender.
White friar	Carmelite.
White goods	pl. Large domestic electrical equipment.
Whitehead	White or white-topped skin-pustule.
White heat	temperature at which metal emits white light.
White heat	state of intense passion or activity.
White hope	Person expected to achieve much.
White horses	pl. White-crested waves at sea.
White lead	Mixture of lead carbonate and hydrated lead oxide used as pigment.
White lie	Harmless or trivial untruth.
White light	Apparently colourless light, e.g. Ordinary daylight.
White magic	Magic used for beneficent purposes.
White meat	Poultry, veal, rabbit, and pork.
Whiten	Make or become white.
White noise	Noise containing many frequencies with equal intensities.
White-out	Dense blizzard, esp. In polar regions.
White paper	Government report giving information.
White pepper	Pepper made by grinding a ripe or husked berry.
White sauce	Sauce of flour, melted butter, and milk or cream.
White slave	Woman tricked or forced into prostitution.
White spirit	Light petroleum as a solvent.
White sugar	Purified sugar.
White tie	Man's white bow-tie as part of full evening dress.
Whitewash	solution of quicklime or whiting for whitening walls etc.
Whitewash	means employed to conceal mistakes or faults.
Whitewash	cover with whitewash.
Whitewash	attempt to clear the reputation of by concealing facts.
White wedding	Wedding at which the bride wears a formal white wedding dress.
White whale	Northern cetacean, white when adult.
Whitewood	Pale wood, esp. Prepared for staining etc.
Whither	to what place or state?
Whither	To which.
Whither	to the or any place to which
Whither	and thither.
Whiting1	small white-fleshed fish used as food.
Whiting2	Ground chalk used in whitewashing etc.
Whitlow	Inflammation near a fingernail or toenail.
Whit sunday	Seventh sunday after easter, commemorating pentecost.
Whitsuntide	Weekend or week including whit sunday.
Whittle	pare
Whittle	With repeated slicing with a knife.
Whittle	reduce by repeated subtractions.
Whiz	Sound made by a body moving through the air at great speed.
Whiz	move with or make a whiz.
Whiz-kid	Brilliant or highly successful young person.
Who	World health organization.
Who	(obj. Whom or
Who	Who;
Who	Whose)
Who	a what or which person or persons?
Who	what sort of person or persons?
Who	that
Who	and or but he, they, etc.
Whoa	Used to stop or slow a horse etc.
Who'd	who had.
Who'd	who would.
Whodunit	Detective story, play, or film.
Whoever	(obj. Whoever or formal whomever;
Whoever	Whosever)
Whoever	the or any person or persons who
Whoever	though anyone
Whole	uninjured, unbroken, intact, or undiminished.
Whole	not less than; all there is of.
Whole	With no part removed.
Whole	thing complete in itself.
Whole	all there is of a thing.
Whole	all members etc. Of
Wholefood	Food which has not been unnecessarily processed or refined.
Wholegrain	Made with or containing whole grains
Wholehearted	completely devoted.
Wholehearted	done with all possible effort or sincerity.
Wholemeal	(usu.
Wholemeal	) Meal or flour with none of the bran or germ removed.
Whole number	Number without fractions; integer.
Wholesale	Selling of goods in large quantities to be retailed by others.
Wholesale	by wholesale.
Wholesale	on a large scale.
Wholesale	sell wholesale.
Wholesome	promoting physical, mental, or moral health.
Wholesome	prudent
Wholewheat	(usu.
Wholewheat	) Wheat with none of the bran or germ removed.
Wholly	entirely; without limitation.
Wholly	purely.
Whoop	loud cry of or as of excitement etc.
Whoop	long rasping indrawn breath in whooping cough.
Whoop	Utter a whoop.
Whoop	engage in revelry.
Whoop	us make a stir.
Whoopee	Expressing exuberant joy.
Whoopee	have fun, make merry.
Whoopee	make love.
Whooping cough	Infectious bacterial disease, esp. Of children, with a series of short violent coughs followed by a whoop.
Whoops	Expressing surprise or apology, esp. On losing balance or making an obvious mistake.
Whop	thrash.
Whop	defeat.
Whopper	something big of its kind.
Whopper	great lie.
Whopping	huge
Whore	prostitute.
Whore	derog. Promiscuous woman.
Whore-house	Brothel.
Whorl	ring of leaves etc. Round a stem.
Whorl	one turn of a spiral.
Whortleberry	bilberry.
Whose	Of or belonging to which person
Whose	Of whom or which
Whose	—rel.
Whose	Of whom; of which
Whosoever	(obj. Whomsoever;
Whosoever	Whosesoever)
Who's who	who or what each person is
Who's who	list with facts about notable persons.
Why	for what reason or purpose
Why	For which
Why	Expressing:
Why	surprised discovery or recognition
Why	impatience
Why	reflection
Why	objection
Wi	west indies.
Wi	women's institute.
Wick	Strip or thread feeding a flame with fuel.
Wick	Annoy a person.
Wicked	sinful, iniquitous, immoral.
Wicked	spiteful.
Wicked	playfully malicious.
Wicked	Very bad.
Wicked	excellent.
Wicked	Wickedness
Wicker	Plaited osiers etc. As material for baskets etc.
Wickerwork	wicker.
Wickerwork	things made of wicker.
Wicket	cricket a three stumps with the bails in position defended by a batsman.
Wicket	ground between two wickets.
Wicket	state of this.
Wicket	instance of a batsman being got out
Wicket	small door or gate, esp. Beside or in a larger one or closing the lower part only of a doorway.
Wicket-keeper	Fieldsman stationed close behind a batsman's wicket.
Widdershins	esp. Scot.
Widdershins	in a direction contrary to the sun's course
Widdershins	anticlockwise.
Wide	having sides far apart, broad, not narrow
Wide	in width
Wide	a extending far
Wide	considerable
Wide	not restricted
Wide	a liberal; unprejudiced
Wide	not specialized; general.
Wide	open to the full extent
Wide	not within a reasonable distance of, far from
Wide	(in
Wide	) Extending over the whole of
Wide	widely.
Wide	to the full extent.
Wide	far from the target etc.
Wide awake	fully awake.
Wide awake	Wary, knowing.
Wide ball	Cricket ball judged to be beyond the batsman's reach, so scoring a run.
Wide-eyed	Surprised; naïve.
Widely	to a wide extent; far apart.
Widely	extensively.
Widely	by many people
Widely	considerably; to a large degree
Widen	Make or become wider.
Widespread	Widely distributed.
Widgeon	a kind of wild duck.
Widow	woman who has lost her husband by death and not married again.
Widow	woman whose husband is often away on a specified activity
Widow	make into a widow or widower.
Widow	(as widowed
Widow	) Bereft by the death of a spouse.
Widower	Man who has lost his wife by death and not married again.
Widow's peak	V-shaped growth of hair towards the centre of the forehead.
Width	measurement from side to side.
Width	large extent.
Width	liberality of views etc.
Width	strip of material of full width.
Wield	Hold and use; command, exert
Wiener schnitzel	Veal cutlet breaded, fried, and garnished.
Wife	married woman, esp. In relation to her husband.
Wife	woman.
Wig	Artificial head of hair.
Wigging	Reprimand.
Wiggle	move from side to side etc.
Wiggle	Act of wiggling; kink in a line etc.
Wight	person.
Wigwam	American indian's hut or tent.
Wilco	Expressing compliance or agreement.
Wild	in its original natural state; not domesticated, cultivated, or civilized
Wild	unrestrained, disorderly, uncontrolled
Wild	tempestuous
Wild	intensely eager, frantic
Wild	Enthusiastically devoted to.
Wild	Infuriated.
Wild	haphazard, ill-aimed, rash
Wild	Exciting, delightful.
Wild	In a wild manner.
Wild	wild tract of land.
Wild	desert.
Wild	Far from towns etc. Run wild grow or stray unchecked or undisciplined.
Wild	Wildness
Wild card	card having any rank chosen by the player holding it.
Wild card	computing character that will match any character or combination of characters.
Wild card	person or thing that can be used in several different ways.
Wildcat	hot-tempered or violent person.
Wildcat	exploratory oil well.
Wildcat	sudden and unofficial.
Wildcat	reckless; financially unsound.
Wilderness	desert; uncultivated region or garden area.
Wilderness	confused assemblage.
Wildfire	Hist. Combustible liquid used in war.
Wildfowl	game-bird.
Wild-goose chase	Foolish or hopeless quest.
Wildlife	Wild animals collectively.
Wild west	Western us before the establishment of law and order.
Wile	(usu. In
Wile	) Stratagem, trick.
Wile	Lure.
Wilful	intentional, deliberate
Wilful	obstinate.
Will1	aux.
Will1	(strictly only in the
Will1	nd and
Will1	rd persons: see *shall) expressing a future statement, command, etc.
Will1	expressing the speaker's intention
Will1	wish or desire
Will1	expressing a request as a question
Will1	be able to
Will1	have a habit or tendency to
Will1	expressing probability or expectation
Will2	faculty by which a person decides what to do.
Will2	strong desire or intention
Will2	determination, will-power
Will2	legal written directions for the disposal of one's property after death.
Will2	disposition towards others
Will2	what one desires or ordains.
Will2	try to cause by will-power
Will2	intend; desire.
Will2	bequeath by a will.
Willful	intentional, deliberate
Willful	obstinate.
Willies	Nervous discomfort
Willing	ready to consent or undertake.
Willing	given or done etc. By a willing person.
Willing	Willingness
Will-o'-the-wisp	phosphorescent light seen on marshy ground.
Will-o'-the-wisp	elusive person.
Willow	Tree with pliant branches yielding osiers and timber for cricket-bats etc., usu. Growing near water.
Willow-herb	Plant with leaves like a willow.
Willow-pattern	Conventional chinese design of blue on white porcelain etc.
Willow-warbler	Small woodland bird with a tuneful song.
Willowy	lithe and slender.
Willowy	having willows.
Will-power	Control by deliberate purpose over impulse.
Willy	Penis.
Willy-nilly	Whether one likes it or not.
Wilt	wither, droop.
Wilt	lose energy, flag.
Wilt	Plant-disease causing wilting.
Wily	crafty, cunning.
Wimp	Feeble or ineffectual person.
Wimple	Headdress also covering the neck and the sides of the face, worn by some nuns.
Win	(-nn-; past and
Win	Won)
Win	secure as a result of a fight, contest, bet, effort, etc.
Win	be the victor; be victorious in.
Win	Victory in a game etc.
Win	Gain distinction or fame.  Win through
Win	overcome obstacles. You can't win
Win	There is no way to succeed or to please.
Wince	Start or involuntary shrinking movement of the face, showing pain or distress.
Wince	give a wince.
Wincey	lightweight fabric of wool and cotton or linen.
Winceyette	Lightweight flannelette.
Winch	crank of a wheel or axle.
Winch	windlass.
Winch	Lift with a winch.
Wind1	air in natural motion, esp.
Wind1	current of this.
Wind1	a breath, esp. As needed in exercise or playing a wind instrument.
Wind1	power of breathing easily.
Wind1	empty talk.
Wind1	gas generated in the bowels etc.
Wind1	wind instruments of an orchestra etc.
Wind1	scent carried by the wind.
Wind1	cause to be out of breath by exertion or a blow.
Wind1	make
Wind1	bring up wind after feeding.
Wind1	detect the presence of by a scent.
Wind2	(past and
Wind2	Wound)
Wind2	(often as winding
Wind2	) Go in a spiral, curved, or crooked course.
Wind2	make
Wind2	thus.
Wind2	wrap closely; coil.
Wind2	a provide with a coiled thread etc.
Wind2	surround with or as with a coil.
Wind2	wind up
Wind2	bend or turn in a course.
Wind2	single turn when winding.
Wind2	lower by winding.
Wind2	unwind.
Wind2	draw gradually to a close. Wind off unwind. Wind up
Wind2	coil the whole of.
Wind2	tighten the coiling or coiled spring of (esp.
Wind2	clock).
Wind2	increase the intensity of
Wind2	, excite.
Wind2	provoke
Wind2	to anger etc.
Wind2	bring to a conclusion; end.
Wind2	a arrange the affairs of and dissolve
Wind2	cease business and go into liquidation.
Wind2	Arrive finally.
Windbag	Person who talks a lot but says little of any value.
Wind-break	Thing serving to break the force of the wind.
Windburn	Inflammation of the skin caused by exposure to the wind.
Windcheater	Wind-resistant jacket.
Wind-down	Gradual lessening of excitement or activity.
Winder	Winding mechanism, esp. Of a clock or watch.
Windfall	fruit, esp. An apple, blown to the ground by the wind.
Windfall	unexpected good fortune, esp.
Windfall	legacy.
Winding-sheet	Sheet in which a corpse is wrapped for burial.
Wind instrument	Musical instrument sounded by an air-current, esp. The breath.
Wind-jammer	Merchant sailing-ship.
Windlass	Machine with a horizontal axle for hauling or hoisting.
Windmill	mill worked by the wind acting on its sails.
Windmill	toy consisting of a stick with curved vanes that revolve in a wind.
Window	a opening in a wall etc., usu. With glass to admit light etc.
Window	the glass itself.
Window	space for display behind the window of a shop.
Window	window-like opening.
Window	opportunity to learn from observation.
Window	transparent part in an envelope showing an address.
Window	vdu display showing a particular part of the data.
Window-box	Box placed outside a window for growing flowers.
Window-dressing	art of arranging a display in a shop-window etc.
Window-dressing	adroit presentation of facts etc. To give a deceptively favourable impression.
Window-pane	Pane of glass in a window.
Window-seat	seat below a window, esp. In an alcove.
Window-seat	seat next to a window in an aircraft, train, etc.
Window-shop	Look at goods displayed in shop-windows, without buying anything.
Window-sill	Sill below a window.
Windpipe	Air-passage from the throat to the lungs.
Windscreen	Screen of glass at the front of a motor vehicle.
Windscreen wiper	Blade moving in an arc to keep a windscreen clear of rain etc.
Windshield	Us
Wind-sock	Canvas cylinder or cone on a mast to show the direction of the wind at an airfield etc.
Windsurfing	Sport of riding on water on a sailboard.
Windsurfing	Windsurfer
Windswept	Exposed to or swept back by the wind.
Wind-tunnel	Tunnel-like device producing an air-stream past models of aircraft etc. For the study of aerodynamics.
Wind-up	conclusion; finish.
Wind-up	Attempt to provoke.
Wind-up	operating by being wound up.
Windward	On the side from which the wind is blowing.
Windward	Windward direction.
Windy	stormy with or exposed to wind.
Windy	generating or characterized by flatulence.
Windy	Wordy.
Windy	Nervous, frightened.
Wine	fermented grape juice as an alcoholic drink.
Wine	fermented drink resembling this made from other fruits etc.
Wine	dark-red colour of red wine.
Wine	drink wine.
Wine	entertain with wine.
Wine bar	Bar or small restaurant where wine is the main drink available.
Winebibber	Tippler.
Wine cellar	cellar for storing wine.
Wine cellar	its contents.
Wineglass	Glass for wine, usu. With a stem and foot.
Wine list	List of wines available in a restaurant etc.
Winepress	Press in which grapes are squeezed in making wine.
Wine vinegar	Vinegar made from wine as distinct from malt etc.
Wine waiter	Waiter responsible for serving wine.
Wing	each of the limbs or organs by which a bird etc. Is able to fly.
Wing	winglike structure supporting an aircraft.
Wing	part of a building etc. Extended in a certain direction.
Wing	a forward player at either end of a line in football, hockey, etc.
Wing	side part of a playing-area.
Wing	(in
Wing	) Sides of a theatre stage.
Wing	polarized section of a political party in terms of its views.
Wing	flank of a battle array.
Wing	the part of a vehicle over a wheel.
Wing	air-force unit of several squadrons or groups.
Wing	travel or traverse on wings.
Wing	wound in a wing or an arm.
Wing	equip with wings.
Wing	enable to fly; send in flight.
Wing	Winglike
Wing-case	Horny cover of an insect's wing.
Wing-chair	Chair with side-pieces at the top of a high back.
Wing-collar	Man's high stiff collar with turned-down corners.
Wing commander	Raf officer next below group captain.
Winger	Wing player.
Winger	(in
Winger	) Member of a specified political wing.
Wing-nut	Nut with projections for the fingers to turn it.
Wing-span	measurement right across the wings.
Wink	close and open one eye quickly, esp. As a signal.
Wink	close and open
Wink	quickly.
Wink	Twinkle;
Wink	flash on and off.
Wink	act of winking.
Wink	Short sleep.
Wink	(in sense
Winkle	Small edible sea snail.
Winkle	extract with difficulty.
Winkle-picker	long pointed shoe.
Winner	person etc. That wins.
Winner	Successful or highly promising idea etc.
Winning	having or bringing victory.
Winning	attractive
Winning	(in
Winning	) Money won.
Winning-post	Post marking the end of a race.
Winnow	blow
Winnow	free of chaff etc. By an air-current.
Winnow	Get rid of
Winnow	From grain.
Winnow	sift, examine
Wino	alcoholic.
Winsome	Attractive, engaging.
Winsome	Winsomeness
Winter	coldest and last season of the year.
Winter	Characteristic of or fit for winter.
Winter	pass the winter.
Winter garden	Garden or conservatory of plants flourishing in winter.
Wintergreen	kind of plant remaining green all winter.
Winter jasmine	Jasmine with yellow flowers in winter.
Winter solstice	About
Winter solstice	2 dec.
Winter sports	pl. Sports performed on snow or ice.
Wintertime	Season or period of winter.
Wintry	characteristic of winter.
Wintry	lacking warmth; unfriendly.
Winy	wine-flavoured.
Wipe	clean or dry the surface of by rubbing.
Wipe	rub
Wipe	over a surface.
Wipe	spread
Wipe	Over a surface by rubbing.
Wipe	clear or remove by wiping.
Wipe	erase or eliminate completely.
Wipe	act of wiping.
Wipe	piece of specially treated material for wiping
Wipe	Inflict a humiliating defeat on. Wipe off annul
Wipe	. Wipe out
Wipe	destroy, annihilate, obliterate.
Wipe	clean the inside of. Wipe up
Wipe	dry
Wipe	take up
Wipe	By wiping.
Wire	a metal drawn out into a thread or thin flexible rod.
Wire	piece of this.
Wire	Made of wire.
Wire	length of this for fencing or to carry an electric current etc.
Wire	Telegram.
Wire	provide, fasten, strengthen, etc., with wire.
Wire	install electrical circuits in
Wire	Telegraph.
Wire-haired	with stiff or wiry hair.
Wireless	Radio; radio receiving set.
Wire netting	Netting of meshed wire.
Wire-tapping	Tapping of telephone lines to eavesdrop.
Wire wool	Mass of fine wire for scouring or rubbing down.
Wireworm	Destructive larva of a kind of beetle.
Wiring	System or installation of wires providing electrical circuits.
Wiry	sinewy, untiring.
Wiry	like wire; tough,
Wisdom	experience and knowledge together with the power of applying them.
Wisdom	prudence; common sense.
Wisdom	wise sayings.
Wisdom tooth	Hindmost molar usu. Cut at about
Wisdom tooth	0 years of age.
Wise1	having, showing, or dictated by wisdom.
Wise1	prudent, sensible.
Wise1	having knowledge (often in
Wise1	: streetwise; worldly-wise).
Wise1	suggestive of wisdom.
Wise1	Alert, crafty.
Wise1	Be
Wise1	aware of. None the wiser knowing no more than before. Put wise
Wise1	Inform
Wise1	. Wise up esp. Us
Wise1	Put or get wise.
Wise2	way, manner, or degree.
-wise	forming adjectives and adverbs of manner
-wise	or respect
Wiseacre	Person who affects a wise manner.
Wisecrack	Smart pithy remark.
Wisecrack	Make a wisecrack.
Wise guy	Know-all.
Wise man	Wizard, esp. One of the magi.
Wisent	European bison.
Wish	have or express a desire or aspiration for
Wish	have as a desire or aspiration
Wish	want or demand
Wish	express one's hopes for
Wish	Foist on.
Wish	a desire, request.
Wish	expression of this.
Wish	thing desired.
Wishbone	Forked bone between the neck and breast of a fowl often broken between two people, the longer portion entitling the holder to make a wish.
Wishful	Desiring.
Wish-fulfilment	Tendency for subconscious desire to be satisfied in fantasy.
Wishful thinking	Belief founded on wishes rather than facts.
Wishing-well	Well into which coins are dropped and a wish is made.
Wishy-washy	feeble in quality or character.
Wishy-washy	weak, watery.
Wisp	small bundle or twist of straw etc.
Wisp	small separate quantity of smoke, hair, etc.
Wisp	small thin person etc.
Wisteria	climbing plant with blue, purple, or white hanging flowers.
Wistful	Yearning, mournfully expectant or wishful.
Wistful	Wistfulness
Wit	(in sing. Or
Wit	) Intelligence; quick understanding.
Wit	a unexpected combining or contrasting of ideas or expressions.
Wit	power of giving pleasure by this.
Wit	person possessing such power.
Witch	sorceress, woman supposed to have dealings with the devil or evil spirits.
Witch	old hag.
Witch	fascinating girl or woman.
Witchcraft	use of magic.
Witchcraft	bewitching charm.
Witch-doctor	Tribal magician of primitive people.
Witches' sabbath	Supposed midnight orgy of the devil and witches.
Witch-hazel	american shrub with bark yielding an astringent lotion.
Witch-hazel	this lotion.
Witch-hunt	Campaign against persons suspected of unpopular or unorthodox views, esp. Communists.
With	Expressing:
With	instrument or means used
With	a association or company
With	parting of company
With	cause
With	possession
With	circumstances
With	manner
With	agreement
With	disagreement, antagonism
With	understanding
With	0 reference or regard
With	) Take, send, or put
With	away
With	. With it
With	up to date.
With	alert and comprehending. With that thereupon.
Withdraw	(past withdrew;
Withdraw	Withdrawn)
Withdraw	pull or take aside or back.
Withdraw	discontinue, cancel, retract.
Withdraw	remove; take away.
Withdraw	take
Withdraw	out of an account.
Withdraw	retire or move apart.
Withdraw	(as withdrawn
Withdraw	) Abnormally shy and unsociable; mentally detached.
Withdrawal	withdrawing or being withdrawn.
Withdrawal	process of ceasing to take an addictive drug etc., often with an unpleasant reaction
Withe	tough flexible shoot, esp. Of willow, used for binding, basketwork, etc.
Wither	make or become dry and shrivelled.
Wither	deprive of or lose vigour or freshness.
Wither	(esp. As withering
Wither	) Blight with scorn etc.
Withers	pl. Ridge between a horse's shoulder-blades.
Withhold	(past and
Withhold	-held)
Withhold	hold back; restrain.
Withhold	refuse to give, grant, or allow.
Within	inside.
Within	indoors.
Within	in spirit
Within	inside.
Within	a not beyond or out of.
Within	not transgressing or exceeding.
Within	not further off than
Without	not having or feeling or showing.
Without	with freedom from.
Without	in the absence of.
Without	with neglect or avoidance of.
Without	outside.
Without	or literary
Without	outside.
Without	out of doors.
Withstand	(past and
Withstand	-stood) oppose, hold out against.
Witless	Foolish, crazy.
Witness	a person giving sworn testimony.
Witness	person attesting another's signature to a document.
Witness	person or thing whose existence etc. Attests or proves something.
Witness	testimony, evidence, confirmation.
Witness	be an eye-witness of.
Witness	be witness to the authenticity of
Witness	serve as evidence or an indication of.
Witness	give or serve as evidence.
Witness	attest the truth of.
Witness	state one's belief in. Call to witness appeal to for confirmation etc.
Witness-box	enclosure in a lawcourt from which witnesses give evidence.
Witter	Chatter annoyingly or on trivial matters.
Witticism	Witty remark.
Wittingly	Aware of what one is doing; intentionally.
Witty	showing esp. Verbal wit.
Witty	Wittiness
Wives	Of *wife.
Wizard	sorcerer; magician.
Wizard	person of remarkable powers, genius.
Wizard	wonderful.
Wizened	Shrivelled-looking.
Wnw	West-north-west.
Wo	Warrant-officer.
Woad	plant yielding a blue dye.
Woad	dye from this.
Wobble	sway from side to side.
Wobble	stand or go unsteadily; stagger.
Wobble	waver, vacillate.
Wobble	State or instance of wobbling.
Wobbly	tending to wobble.
Wobbly	wavy
Wobbly	weak after illness.
Wobbly	wavering, insecure
Wobbly	have a tantrum or fit of nerves.
Wodge	Chunk, lump.
Woe	affliction; bitter grief.
Woe	(in
Woe	) Calamities.
Woebegone	Dismal-looking.
Woeful	sorrowful.
Woeful	causing or feeling affliction.
Woeful	very bad.
Wog	offens. Foreigner, esp.
Wog	non-white one.
Woggle	Leather etc. Ring through which the ends of a scout's neckerchief are passed at the neck.
Wok	Bowl-shaped frying-pan used in esp. Chinese cookery.
Woken	Of *wake1.
Wold	High open uncultivated land or moor.
Wolf	wild animal related to the dog, usu. Hunting in packs.
Wolf	man who seduces women.
Wolf	devour greedily.
Wolfhound	Dog of a kind used orig. To hunt wolves.
Wolf in sheep's clothing	Hostile person who pretends friendship.
Wolfram	tungsten.
Wolfram	tungsten ore.
Wolfsbane	Aconite.
Wolf-whistle	Whistle made by a man to a sexually attractive woman.
Wolverine	American animal of the weasel family.
Wolves	Of *wolf.
Wolves	Of *wolf.
Woman	adult human female.
Woman	the female sex.
Woman	Wife or girlfriend.
Woman	feminine characteristics
Woman	Female
Woman	(in
Woman	) Woman of a specified nationality, skill, etc.
Woman	Charwoman.
Womanhood	female maturity.
Womanhood	womanly instinct.
Womanhood	womankind.
Womanish	Derog. Effeminate, unmanly.
Womanize	chase after women; philander.
Womankind	women in general.
Womanly	Having or showing qualities associated with women.
Womb	Organ of conception and gestation in a woman and other female mammals.
Wombat	Burrowing plant-eating australian marsupial.
Women	Of *woman.
Womenfolk	women in general.
Womenfolk	the women in a family.
Women's libber	Supporter of women's liberation.
Women's liberation	Movement urging the liberation of women from domestic duties and subservient status.
Women's rights	pl. Position of legal and social equality with men.
Wonder	emotion, esp. Admiration, excited by what is unexpected, unfamiliar, or inexplicable.
Wonder	strange or remarkable thing, specimen, event, etc.
Wonder	Having marvellous or amazing properties etc.
Wonder	be filled with wonder or great surprise.
Wonder	be surprised to find.
Wonder	desire or be curious to know
Wonder	I think it likely. No
Wonder	wonder one cannot be surprised. Work
Wonder	wonders
Wonder	do miracles.
Wonder	be remarkably effective.
Wonderful	Very remarkable or admirable.
Wonderland	fairyland.
Wonderland	land of surprises or marvels.
Wonderment	Surprise, awe.
Wonky	crooked, askew.
Wonky	loose, unsteady.
Wonky	unreliable.
Wont	or literary
Wont	Accustomed.
Wont	Formal or joc. What is customary, one's habit.
Won't	Will not.
Wonted	Habitual, usual.
Woo	court; seek the hand or love of.
Woo	try to win
Woo	seek the favour or support of.
Woo	coax or importune.
Wood	a hard fibrous substance of the trunk or branches of a tree or shrub.
Wood	this for timber or fuel.
Wood	(in sing. Or
Wood	) Growing trees densely occupying a tract of land.
Wood	wooden cask for wine etc.
Wood	wooden-headed golf club.
Wood anemone	wild spring-flowering anemone.
Woodbine	Honeysuckle.
Woodchuck	American marmot.
Woodcock	Game-bird related to the snipe.
Woodcraft	knowledge of woodland, esp. In camping etc.
Woodcraft	skill in woodwork.
Woodcut	relief cut on wood.
Woodcut	print made from this.
Woodcutter	Person who cuts timber.
Wooded	Having woods or many trees.
Wooden	made of wood.
Wooden	like wood.
Wooden	a stiff, clumsy.
Wooden	expressionless.
Wooden	Woodenness
Woodland	(often
Woodland	) Wooded country, woods.
Woodlouse	small land crustacean with many legs.
Woodman	Forester.
Woodpecker	Bird that taps tree-trunks in search of insects.
Woodpigeon	Dove with white patches like a ring round its neck.
Woodpile	Pile of wood, esp. For fuel.
Wood pulp	Wood-fibre prepared for paper-making.
Woodruff	White-flowered plant with fragrant leaves.
Woodshed	Shed where wood for fuel is stored.
Woodshed	Shocking thing kept secret.
Woodwind	wind instruments that were
Woodwind	orig. Made of wood, e.g. The flute, clarinet, oboe, and saxophone.
Woodwind	one such instrument.
Woodwork	making of things in wood.
Woodwork	things made of wood.
Woodwork	appear.
Woodworm	wood-boring larva of a kind of beetle.
Woodworm	condition of wood affected by this.
Woody	wooded.
Woody	like or of wood.
Woodyard	Yard where wood is used or stored.
Woody nightshade	kind of nightshade with poisonous red berries.
Woof1	Gruff bark of a dog.
Woof1	Give a woof.
Woofer	Loudspeaker for low frequencies.
Wool	fine soft wavy hair from the fleece of sheep etc.
Wool	woollen yarn or cloth or clothing.
Wool	wool-like substance
Woolen	Made wholly or partly of wool.
Woolen	woollen fabric.
Woolen	(in
Woolen	) Woollen garments.
Wool-gathering	Absent-mindedness.
Woollen	Made wholly or partly of wool.
Woollen	woollen fabric.
Woollen	(in
Woollen	) Woollen garments.
Woolly	bearing wool.
Woolly	like wool.
Woolly	woollen
Woolly	indistinct.
Woolly	vague or confused.
Woolly	Woollen garment, esp.
Woolly	pullover.
Woolsack	lord chancellor's wool-stuffed seat in the house of lords.
Woolsack	his position.
Woozy	dizzy or unsteady.
Woozy	slightly drunk.
Woozy	Wooziness
Wop	offens. Italian or other s. European.
Worcester sauce	pungent sauce.
Word	meaningful element of speech, usu. Shown with a space on either side of it when written or printed.
Word	speech, esp. As distinct from action.
Word	one's promise or assurance.
Word	(in sing. Or
Word	) Thing said, remark, conversation.
Word	(in
Word	) Text of a song or an actor's part.
Word	(in
Word	) Angry talk
Word	news, message
Word	command
Word	Put into words; select words to express.
Word-game	Game involving the making or selection etc. Of words.
Wording	Form of words used.
Word of mouth	Speech
Word-perfect	Knowing one's part etc. By heart.
Wordplay	Witty use of words, esp. Punning.
Word processor	Computer program, or device incorporating a computer, used for storing text entered from a keyboard, making corrections, and providing a printout.
Word processor	Word processing
Wordy	using or expressed in too many words.
Wordy	Wordiness
Work	application of mental or physical effort to a purpose; use of energy.
Work	task to be undertaken.
Work	thing done or made by work; result of an action.
Work	employment or occupation etc., esp. As a means of earning income.
Work	literary or musical composition.
Work	actions or experiences of a specified kind
Work	(in
Work	) Things made of a specified material or with specified tools etc.
Workable	That can be worked, will work, or is worth working.
Workaday	Ordinary, everyday, practical.
Workaholic	Person addicted to working.
Work-basket	Basket for sewing materials.
Workbench	Bench for manual work, esp. Carpentry.
Workbook	Student's book with exercises.
Workbox	Box for tools, needlework, etc.
Work camp	Camp at which community work is done, esp. By young volunteers.
Workday	Day on which work is usually done.
Worker	person who works, esp. For an employer.
Worker	neuter bee or ant.
Worker	person who works hard.
Work experience	Scheme intended to give young people temporary experience of employment.
Workforce	workers engaged or available.
Workforce	number of these.
Workhouse	Hist. Public institution for the poor of a parish.
Working	a engaged in work
Working	while so engaged
Working	functioning or able to function
Working	activity of work.
Working	functioning.
Working	mine or quarry.
Working	(usu. In
Working	) Machinery, mechanism.
Working capital	Capital actually used in a business.
Working class	Social class employed, esp. In manual or industrial work, for wages.
Working day	workday.
Working day	part of the day devoted to work.
Working hypothesis	Hypothesis as a basis for action.
Working knowledge	Knowledge adequate to work with.
Working lunch	Lunch at which business is conducted.
Working order	Condition in which a machine works.
Working party	Group of people appointed to study and advise on a particular problem.
Workload	Amount of work to be done.
Workman	man employed to do manual labour.
Workman	person with regard to skill in a job
Workmanlike	Competent, showing practised skill.
Workmanship	Degree of skill in doing a task or of finish in the product made.
Workmate	Person working alongside another.
Work of art	Fine picture, poem, building, etc.
Workout	Session of physical exercise or training.
Workpiece	Thing worked on with a tool or machine.
Workplace	Place at which a person works.
Workroom	Room for working in.
Worksheet	paper for recording work done or in progress.
Worksheet	paper listing questions or activities for students etc. To work through.
Workshop	room or building in which goods are manufactured.
Workshop	place or meeting for concerted discussion or activity
Work-shy	Disinclined to work.
Workstation	location of a stage in a manufacturing process.
Workstation	computer terminal or the desk etc. Where this is located.
Work study	Assessment of methods of working so as to achieve maximum productivity.
Work table	Table for working at.
Worktop	Flat surface for working on, esp. In a kitchen.
Work-to-rule	Working to rule.
World	a the earth, or a planetary body like it.
World	its countries and people.
World	the universe, all that exists.
World	a the time, state, or scene of human existence.
World	mortal life.
World	secular interests and affairs.
World	human affairs; active life.
World	average, respectable, or fashionable people or their customs or opinions.
World	all that concerns or all who belong to a specified class or sphere of activity
World	vast amount.
World	Affecting many nations, of all nations
World	Extremely good etc. Think the world of have a very high regard for.
World-beater	Person or thing surpassing all others.
World-class	Of a quality or standard regarded as high throughout the world.
World cup	Competition between football teams from various countries.
World-famous	Known throughout the world.
Worldly	of the affairs of the world, temporal, earthly
Worldly	experienced in life, sophisticated, practical.
Worldly-wise	Prudent or shrewd in one's dealings with the world.
World music	Pop music that incorporates local or ethnic elements
World war	War involving many major nations.
World-weary	Bored with human affairs.
Worldwide	Occurring in or known in all parts of the world.
Worldwide	Throughout the world.
Worm	any of various types of creeping invertebrate animals with long slender bodies and no limbs.
Worm	larva of an insect, esp. In fruit or wood.
Worm	(in
Worm	) Intestinal parasites.
Worm	insignificant or contemptible person.
Worm	spiral part of a screw.
Worm	Move with a crawling motion.
Worm	refl.
Worm	insinuate oneself into favour etc.
Worm	obtain
Worm	By cunning persistence.
Worm	rid
Worm	Of worms.
Worm-cast	Convoluted mass of earth left on the surface by a burrowing earthworm.
Wormeaten	eaten into by worms; decayed.
Wormeaten	old and dilapidated.
Worm-hole	Hole left by the passage of a worm.
Worm's-eye view	View from below or from a humble position.
Wormwood	plant with a bitter aromatic taste.
Wormwood	bitter mortification; source of this.
Wormy	full of worms.
Wormy	wormeaten.
Worn	Of *wear.
Worn	damaged by use or wear.
Worn	looking tired and exhausted.
Worrisome	Causing worry.
Worry	give way to anxiety.
Worry	harass, importune; be a trouble or anxiety to.
Worry	Shake or pull about with the teeth.
Worry	(as worried
Worry	) Uneasy.
Worry	thing that causes anxiety or disturbs tranquility.
Worry	disturbed state of mind; anxiety.
Worry beads	pl. String of beads manipulated with the fingers to occupy or calm oneself.
Worse	more bad.
Worse	In or into worse health or a worse condition
Worse	More badly; more ill.
Worse	worse thing or things
Worse	worse condition
Worse	damaged by use.
Worse	injured. Worse luck unfortunately. Worse off in a worse
Worse	position.
Worsen	Make or become worse.
Worship	a homage or service to a deity.
Worship	acts, rites, or ceremonies of this.
Worship	adoration, devotion.
Worship	forms of description or address for a mayor, certain magistrates, etc.
Worship	adore as divine; honour with religious rites.
Worship	idolize or regard with adoration.
Worship	attend public worship.
Worship	be full of adoration.
Worshipful	honourable, distinguished.
Worst	Most bad.
Worst	Most badly.
Worst	Worst part or possibility
Worst	Get the better of; defeat.
Worsted	fine woollen yarn.
Worsted	fabric made from this.
Wort	plant
Wort	infusion of malt before it is fermented into beer.
Worth	of a value equivalent to
Worth	such as to justify or repay
Worth	possessing or having property amounting to
Worth	what a person or thing is worth; the
Worth	merit of
Worth	equivalent of money in a commodity
Worth	With one's utmost efforts. For what it is worth without a guarantee of its truth or value. Worth it
Worth	Worth while. Worth one's salt see *salt. Worth one's weight in gold see *weight. Worth while
Worth	see *while.
Worthless	Without value or merit.
Worthwhile	That is worth the time, effort, or money spent.
Worthy	deserving respect, estimable
Worthy	entitled to
Worthy	recognition
Worthy	Deserving
Worthy	adequate or suitable to the dignity etc. Of
Worthy	worthy person.
Worthy	person of some distinction.
Worthy	Worthiness
-worthy	Form forming adjectives meaning:
-worthy	deserving of
-worthy	suitable for
Would	aux.
Would	past of *will1, used esp.:
Would	in reported speech
Would	to express a condition
Would	to express habitual action
Would	to express a question or polite request
Would	to express probability
Would	to express consent
Would-be	Desiring or aspiring to be.
Wouldn't	Would not.
Wound1	injury done to living tissue by a deep cut or heavy blow etc.
Wound1	pain inflicted on one's feelings; injury to one's reputation.
Wound1	Inflict a wound on.
Wound up	Excited; tense; angry.
Woven	Of *weave1.
Wow1	Expressing astonishment or admiration.
Wow1	sensational success.
Wow1	impress greatly.
Wow2	Slow pitch-fluctuation in sound-reproduction, perceptible in long notes.
Wp	Word processor.
Wpc	Woman police constable.
W.p.m.	Words per minute.
Wrac	Women's royal army corps.
Wrack	seaweed cast up or growing on the shore.
Wrack	destruction.
Wraf	Women's royal air force.
Wraith	ghost.
Wraith	spectral appearance of a living person supposed to portend that person's death.
Wrangle	Noisy argument or dispute.
Wrangle	engage in a wrangle.
Wrap	envelop in folded or soft encircling material.
Wrap	arrange or draw
Wrap	round
Wrap	crash
Wrap	into
Wrap	shawl, scarf, etc.
Wrap	esp. Us wrapping material.
Wrap	Finish off
Wrap	put on warm clothes
Wrap	be quiet.
Wraparound	designed to wrap round.
Wraparound	curving or extending round at the edges.
Wrap-over	overlapping when worn.
Wrap-over	Such a garment.
Wrapper	cover for a sweet, book, posted newspaper, etc.
Wrapper	loose enveloping robe or gown.
Wrapping	(esp. In
Wrapping	) Material used to wrap; wraps, wrappers.
Wrapping paper	Strong or decorative paper for wrapping parcels.
Wrasse	Bright-coloured marine fish.
Wrath	Literary extreme anger.
Wrathful	Literary extremely angry.
Wreak	give play to
Wreak	cause
Wreath	flowers or leaves fastened in a ring, esp. As an ornament for the head or for laying on a grave etc.
Wreath	curl or ring of smoke, cloud, or soft fabric.
Wreathe	encircle or cover as, with, or like a wreath.
Wreathe	wind
Wreathe	Round
Wreathe	Move in wreaths.
Wreck	the sinking or running aground of a ship.
Wreck	ship that has suffered a wreck.
Wreck	greatly damaged building, thing, or person.
Wreck	wretched remnant.
Wreck	a seriously damage
Wreck	ruin
Wreck	cause the wreck of
Wreckage	wrecked material.
Wreckage	remnants of a wreck.
Wreckage	act of wrecking.
Wrecker	person or thing that wrecks or destroys.
Wrecker	esp. Us person employed in demolition or breaking up damaged vehicles.
Wrecker	esp. Hist. Person on the shore who tries to bring about a shipwreck for plunder or profit.
Wren	Member of the women's royal naval service.
Wren	Small usu. Brown short-winged songbird with an erect tail.
Wrench	violent twist or oblique pull or tearing off.
Wrench	tool like a spanner for gripping and turning nuts etc.
Wrench	painful uprooting or parting.
Wrench	twist or pull violently round or sideways.
Wrench	Pull off with a wrench.
Wrest	wrench away from a person's grasp.
Wrest	obtain by effort or with difficulty.
Wrestle	contest in which two opponents grapple and try to throw each other to the ground, esp. As an athletic sport.
Wrestle	hard struggle.
Wrestle	take part or fight in a wrestle.
Wrestle	struggle.
Wrestle	do one's utmost to deal with
Wrestle	Wrestling
Wretch	unfortunate or pitiable person.
Wretch	reprehensible person.
Wretched	unhappy, miserable; unwell.
Wretched	of bad quality; contemptible.
Wretched	displeasing, hateful.
Wretched	Wretchedness
Wriggle	Twist or turn its body with short writhing movements.
Wriggle	make wriggling motions.
Wriggle	Go thus
Wriggle	be evasive.
Wriggle	Act of wriggling.
Wriggle	Avoid on a pretext.
Wright	Maker or builder (usu. In
Wright	: playwright; shipwright).
Wring	(past and
Wring	Wrung)
Wring	a squeeze tightly.
Wring	squeeze and twist, esp. To remove liquid.
Wring	break by twisting.
Wring	distress, torture.
Wring	extract by squeezing.
Wring	obtain by pressure or importunity; extort.
Wring	Act of wringing.
Wringer	Device for wringing water from washed clothes etc.
Wringing	so wet that water can be wrung out.
Wrinkle	crease in the skin, esp. Caused by age.
Wrinkle	similar mark in another flexible surface.
Wrinkle	Useful tip or clever expedient.
Wrinkle	make wrinkles in.
Wrinkle	form wrinkles.
Wrinkly	having wrinkles.
Wrinkly	offens. Old or middle-aged person.
Wrist	joint connecting the hand with the arm.
Wrist	part of a garment covering this.
Wristlet	Band or ring to strengthen, guard, or adorn the wrist.
Wrist-watch	Small watch worn on a strap etc. Round the wrist.
Writ1	Form of written command to act or not act in some way.
Writ2	Of *write.
C	(-ting; past wrote;
C	Written)
C	mark paper or some other surface with symbols, letters, or words.
C	form or mark
Wreckage	wrecked material.
Wreckage	remnants of a wreck.
Wreckage	act of wrecking.
Wrecker	person or thing that wrecks or destroys.
Wrecker	esp. Us person employed in demolition or breaking up damaged vehicles.
Wrecker	esp. Hist. Person on the shore who tries to bring about a shipwreck for plunder or profit.
Wren	Member of the women's royal naval service.
Wren	Small usu. Brown short-winged songbird with an erect tail.
Wrench	violent twist or oblique pull or tearing off.
Wrench	tool like a spanner for gripping and turning nuts etc.
Wrench	painful uprooting or parting.
Wrench	twist or pull violently round or sideways.
Wrench	Pull off with a wrench.
Wrest	wrench away from a person's grasp.
Wrest	obtain by effort or with difficulty.
Wrestle	contest in which two opponents grapple and try to throw each other to the ground, esp. As an athletic sport.
Wrestle	hard struggle.
Wrestle	take part or fight in a wrestle.
Wrestle	struggle.
Wrestle	do one's utmost to deal with
Wrestle	Wrestling
Wretch	unfortunate or pitiable person.
Wretch	reprehensible person.
Wretched	unhappy, miserable; unwell.
Wretched	of bad quality; contemptible.
Wretched	displeasing, hateful.
Wretched	Wretchedness
Wriggle	Twist or turn its body with short writhing movements.
Wriggle	make wriggling motions.
Wriggle	Go thus
Wriggle	be evasive.
Wriggle	Act of wriggling.
Wriggle	Avoid on a pretext.
Wright	Maker or builder (usu. In
Wright	: playwright; shipwright).
Wring	(past and
Wring	Wrung)
Wring	a squeeze tightly.
Wring	squeeze and twist, esp. To remove liquid.
Wring	break by twisting.
Wring	distress, torture.
Wring	extract by squeezing.
Wring	obtain by pressure or importunity; extort.
Wring	Act of wringing.
Wringer	Device for wringing water from washed clothes etc.
Wringing	so wet that water can be wrung out.
Wrinkle	crease in the skin, esp. Caused by age.
Wrinkle	similar mark in another flexible surface.
Wrinkle	Useful tip or clever expedient.
Wrinkle	make wrinkles in.
Wrinkle	form wrinkles.
Wrinkly	having wrinkles.
Wrinkly	offens. Old or middle-aged person.
Wrist	joint connecting the hand with the arm.
Wrist	part of a garment covering this.
Wristlet	Band or ring to strengthen, guard, or adorn the wrist.
Wrist-watch	Small watch worn on a strap etc. Round the wrist.
Writ1	Form of written command to act or not act in some way.
Writ2	Of *write.
Write	(-ting; past wrote;
Write	Written)
Write	mark paper or some other surface with symbols, letters, or words.
Write	form or mark
Write	form or mark the symbols of
Write	fill or complete
Write	With writing.
Write	transfer
Write	into a computer store.
Write	(esp.
Write-off	Thing written off, esp.
Write-off	vehicle too badly damaged to be repaired.
Writer	person who writes or has written something.
Writer	person who writes books, author.
Writer's cramp	Muscular spasm due to excessive writing.
Write-up	Written or published account, review.
Writhe	twist or roll oneself about in or as in acute pain.
Writhe	suffer mental torture or embarrassment
Writing	written words etc.
Writing	handwriting.
Writing	(usu. In
Writing	) Author's works.
Writing-desk	Desk for writing at, esp. With compartments for papers etc.
Writing-paper	Paper for writing
Writing-paper	on.
Written	Of *write.
Wrns	Women's royal naval service.
Wrong	mistaken; not true; in error.
Wrong	unsuitable; less or least desirable
Wrong	contrary to law or morality
Wrong	amiss; out of order, in a bad or abnormal condition
Wrong	in a wrong manner or direction; with an incorrect result
Wrong	what is morally wrong.
Wrong	unjust action
Wrong	treat unjustly.
Wrong	mistakenly attribute bad motives to.
Wrong	misunderstand
Wrong	obtain an incorrect answer to. Get
Wrong	the wrong end of the stick misunderstand completely. Go wrong
Wrong	take the wrong path.
Wrong	stop functioning properly.
Wrong	depart from virtuous behaviour. In the wrong responsible for a quarrel, mistake, or offence. On the wrong side of
Wrong	out of favour with
Wrong	somewhat more than
Wrong	. Wrong side out inside out. Wrong way round in the opposite or reverse of the normal or desirable orientation or sequence etc.
Wrong	Wrongness
Wrongdoer	Person who behaves immorally or illegally.
Wrong-foot	Catch
Wrong-foot	off balance.
Wrong-foot	disconcert; catch unprepared.
Wrongful	Unwarranted, unjustified
Wrong-headed	Perverse and obstinate.
Wrong side	Worse or undesired or unusable side of esp. Fabric.
Wroth	angry.
Wrought	past and
Wrought	Of *work.
Wrought	beaten out or shaped by hammering.
Wrought iron	Tough malleable form of iron suitable for forging or rolling, not cast.
Wrvs	Women's royal voluntary service.
Wry	distorted or turned to one side.
Wry	Contorted in disgust, disappointment, or mockery.
Wry	dry and mocking.
Wry	Wryness
Wryneck	Small woodpecker able to turn its head over its shoulder.
Wsw	West-south-west.
Wt	Weight.
Wych-	Form in names of trees with pliant branches
Wykehamist	Of winchester college.
Wykehamist	Past or present member of winchester college.
Wysiwyg	computing denoting a form of text onscreen exactly corresponding to its printout.
X1	twenty-fourth letter of the alphabet.
X1	ten.
X1	algebra first unknown quantity.
X1	unknown or unspecified number or person etc.
X1	cross-shaped symbol used esp. To indicate position
X1	or incorrectness, or to symbolize a kiss or a vote, or as the signature of a person who cannot write.
X2	classified as suitable for adults only.
X chromosome	sex chromosome of which the number in female cells is twice that in male cells.
Xe	Xenon.
Xenon	Heavy inert gaseous element.
Xenophobia	Hatred or fear of foreigners.
Xerography	Dry copying process in which powder adheres to areas remaining electrically charged after exposure of the surface to light from an image of the document to be copied.
Xerox	Propr.
Xerox	machine for copying by xerography.
Xerox	copy thus made.
Xerox	reproduce by this process.
Xi	Fourteenth letter of the greek alphabet
X-ray	(in
X-ray	) Electromagnetic radiation of short wavelength, able to pass through opaque bodies.
X-ray	photograph made by x-rays, esp. Showing the position of bones etc. By their greater absorption of the rays.
X-ray	Photograph, examine, or treat with x-rays.
Xylem	Bot. Woody tissue.
Xylophone	Musical instrument of graduated wooden or metal bars struck with small wooden hammers.
Y1	twenty-fifth letter of the alphabet.
Y1	algebra second unknown quantity.
Y1	y-shaped thing.
Y2	Yttrium.
-y1	forming adjectives:
-y1	from nouns and adjectives, meaning: a full of; having the quality of
-y1	addicted to
-y1	from verbs, meaning ‘inclined to’, ‘apt to’
-y2	forming diminutive nouns, pet names, etc.
-y3	forming nouns denoting state, condition, or quality
Yacht	light sailing-vessel.
Yacht	larger usu. Power-driven vessel for cruising.
Yacht	Race or cruise in a yacht.
Yachtsman	person who sails yachts.
Yack	Trivial or unduly persistent conversation.
Yack	Engage in this.
Yah	expressing derision or defiance.
Yahoo	Bestial person.
Yak	Long-haired tibetan ox.
Yale lock	Propr. Type of lock with a revolving barrel, used for doors etc.
Yam	a tropical or subtropical climbing plant.
Yam	edible starchy tuber of this.
Yam	us sweet potato.
Yammer	Or dial.
Yammer	lament, wail, grumble.
Yammer	voluble talk.
Yammer	Utter a yammer.
Yang	the active male principle of the universe
Yank	Often derog. American.
Yank	Pull with a jerk.
Yankee	often derog.
Yankee	us inhabitant of new england or of the northern states.
Yap	bark shrilly or fussily.
Yap	Talk noisily, foolishly, or complainingly.
Yap	Sound of yapping.
Yap	in sense
Yarborough	Whist or bridge hand with no card above a
Yard1	unit of linear measure (3 ft.,
Yard1	.9144 metre).
Yard1	this length of material.
Yard1	square or cubic yard.
Yard1	spar slung across a mast for a sail to hang from.
Yard1	(in
Yard1	; foll. By of)
Yard1	great length.
Yard2	piece of enclosed ground, esp. Attached to a building or used for a particular purpose.
Yard2	austral. Garden of a house.
Yardage	Number of yards of material etc.
Yard-arm	Either end of a ship's yard.
Yardie	member of a jamaican or w. Indian gang engaging in organized crime, esp. Drug-trafficking.
Yardstick	standard of comparison.
Yardstick	measuring rod a yard long, usu. Divided into inches etc.
Yarmulke	skullcap worn by jewish men.
Yarn	spun thread, esp. For knitting, weaving, etc.
Yarn	Story, traveller's tale, anecdote.
Yarn	Tell yarns.
Yarrow	Perennial plant, esp. Milfoil.
Yashmak	Veil concealing the face except the eyes, worn by some muslim women.
Yaw	Fail to hold a straight course; go unsteadily.
Yaw	Yawing of a ship etc. From its course.
Yawl	kind of ship's boat or sailing- or fishing-boat.
Yawn	open the mouth wide and inhale, esp. When sleepy or bored.
Yawn	gape, be wide open.
Yawn	act of yawning.
Yawn	Boring idea, activity, etc.
Yaws	pl.
Yaws	Contagious tropical skin-disease with large red swellings.
Yb	Ytterbium.
Y chromosome	sex chromosome occurring only in male cells.
Yd	yard
Ye1	Of *thou1
Ye2	Pseudo-archaic
Yea	yes.
Yea	indeed
Yea	Utterance of ‘yea’; ‘yes’ vote.
Yeah	Yes.
Year	time occupied by the earth in one revolution round the sun, approx.
Year	651/4 days.
Year	period of twelve months, starting at any point
Year	(in
Year	) Age, time of life
Year	(usu. In
Year	Very long time.
Year	group of students entering college etc. In the same academic year.
Yearbook	Annual publication dealing with events or aspects of the
Yearbook	year.
Yearling	Animal between one and two years old.
Yearly	done, produced, or occurring once a year.
Yearly	of or lasting a year.
Yearly	Once a year.
Yearn	Be filled with longing, compassion, or tenderness.
Yeast	Greyish-yellow fungus obtained esp. From fermenting malt liquors and used as a fermenting agent, to raise bread, etc.
Yeasty	of, like, or tasting of yeast; frothy.
Yeasty	in a ferment.
Yeasty	working like yeast.
Yeasty	Light and superficial.
Yell	Loud sharp cry; shout.
Yell	Cry, shout.
Yellow	of the colour of buttercups, lemons, egg-yolks, etc.
Yellow	having a yellow skin or complexion.
Yellow	Cowardly.
Yellow	yellow colour or pigment.
Yellow	yellow clothes or material.
Yellow	Turn yellow.
Yellow	Yellowness
Yellow	Yellowy
Yellow-belly	Coward.
Yellow card	Card shown by the referee to a football-player being cautioned.
Yellow fever	Tropical virus disease with fever and jaundice.
Yellow flag	Flag displayed by a ship in quarantine.
Yellowhammer	Bunting of which the male has a yellow head, neck, and breast.
Yellow pages	pl. Propr. Telephone directory on yellow paper, listing and classifying business subscribers.
Yellow pepper	Ripe yellow fruit of the capsicum plant.
Yellow spot	Point of acutest vision in the retina.
Yellow streak	Trait of cowardice.
Yelp	Sharp shrill cry as of a dog in pain or excitement.
Yelp	Utter a yelp.
Yen1	chief monetary unit of japan.
Yen2	Longing or yearning.
Yen2	feel a longing.
Yeoman	esp. Hist. Man holding and cultivating a small landed estate.
Yeoman	member of the yeomanry force.
Yeoman of the guard	Member of the sovereign's bodyguard.
Yeomanry	body or class of yeomen.
Yeomanry	hist. Volunteer cavalry force raised from the yeoman class.
Yeoman warder	a “beefeater” at the tower of london.
Yes	indicating that the answer to the question is affirmative, the statement etc. Made is correct, the request or command will be complied with, or the person summoned or addressed is present.
Yes	indeed? Is that so?
Yes	what do you want?
Yes	utterance of the word yes.
Yes	affirmation or assent.
Yes	‘yes’ vote.
Yes-man	Weakly acquiescent person.
Yesterday	on the day before today.
Yesterday	in the recent past.
Yesterday	the day before today.
Yesterday	the recent past.
Yesteryear	or rhet.
Yesteryear	last year.
Yesteryear	the recent past.
Yet	as late as, or until, now or then
Yet	(with neg. Or
Yet	) So soon as, or by, now or then
Yet	again; in addition
Yet	in the remaining time available
Yet	Even
Yet	nevertheless; and or but in spite of that.
Yet	But at the same time; but nevertheless.
Yew	dark-leaved evergreen tree bearing berry-like cones.
Yew	its wood.
Y-fronts	Propr. Men's or boys' briefs with a y-shaped seam at the front.
Yha	Youth hostels association.
Yid	offens. Jew.
Yiddish	Language used by jews in or from europe, orig.
Yiddish	german dialect with words from hebrew etc.
Yiddish	Of this language.
Yield	produce or return as a fruit, profit, or result.
Yield	give up; surrender, concede.
Yield	surrender; submit; defer to.
Yield	(as yielding
Yield	) Compliant; submissive; soft and pliable.
Yield	give right of way to
Yield	(foll.
Yin	the passive female principle of the universe
Yippee	Expressing delight or excitement.
Ymca	Young men's christian association.
Yob	lout, hooligan.
Yodel	sing with melodious inarticulate sounds and frequent changes between falsetto and normal voice in the manner of swiss mountain-dwellers.
Yodel	Yodelling cry.
Yoga	hindu system of meditation and asceticism designed to effect reunion with the universal spirit.
Yoga	system of physical exercises and breathing control used in yoga.
Yoghurt	semi-solid sourish food made from milk fermented by added bacteria.
Yogi	devotee of yoga.
Yoicks	Cry used by fox-hunters to urge on the hounds.
Yoke	wooden crosspiece fastened over the necks of two oxen etc. And attached to the plough or wagon to be pulled.
Yoke	pair
Yoke	object like a yoke in form or function, e.g.
Yoke	wooden shoulder-piece for carrying a pair of pails, the top section of a garment from which the rest hangs.
Yoke	sway, dominion, or servitude.
Yoke	bond of union, esp. Of marriage.
Yoke	put a yoke on.
Yoke	couple or unite
Yoke	link
Yoke	to
Yoke	match or work together.
Yokel	Rustic; country bumpkin.
Yolk	Yellow inner part of an egg.
Yom kippur	Most solemn religious fast day of the jewish year, day of atonement.
Yon	Literary
Yon	dial. Yonder.
Yonder	Over there; at some distance in that direction; in the place indicated.
Yonder	Situated yonder.
Yonks	a long time
Yoo-hoo	Used to attract a person's attention.
York	Cricket bowl out with a yorker.
Yorker	Cricket ball that pitches immediately under the bat.
Yorkist	Hist. Follower of the house of york, esp. In the wars of the roses.
Yorkist	Of the house of york.
Yorkshire pudding	Baked batter eaten with roast beef.
Yorkshire terrier	Small long-haired blue and tan kind of terrier.
You	(obj. You;
You	Your, yours)
You	the person or persons addressed.
You	(as
You	With a noun) in an exclamatory statement
You	one, a person, people
You'd	you had.
You'd	you would.
You'll	You will; you shall.
Young	not far advanced in life, development, or existence; not yet old.
Young	a immature, inexperienced.
Young	youthful.
Young	of or characteristic of youth
Young	representing young people
Young	a distinguishing a son from his father
Young	as a familiar or condescending form of address
Young	distinguishing one person from another of the same name
Young	Offspring, esp. Of animals.
Young person	Law person aged between
Young person	4 and
Young person	7 years.
Youngster	Child, young person.
Your	of or belonging to you.
Your	Often derog. Much talked of; well known
You're	You are.
Yours	the one or ones belonging to you
Yours	your letter (yours of the
Yours	0th).
Yours	introducing a formula ending a letter
Yourself	a emphat. Form of *you.
Yourself	refl. Form of *you.
Yourself	in your normal state of body or mind
Youth	being young; period between childhood and adult age.
Youth	vigour, enthusiasm, inexperience, or other characteristic of this period.
Youth	young man.
Youth	(as
Youth	) Young people collectively
Youth club	Place for young people's leisure activities.
Youthful	Young or still having the characteristics of youth.
Youthful	Youthfulness
Youth hostel	Any of a chain of cheap lodgings for holiday-makers, esp. Walkers and cyclists.
You've	You have.
Yowl	Loud wailing cry of or as of a cat or dog in distress.
Yowl	Utter a yowl.
Yo-yo	toy consisting of a pair of discs with a deep groove between them in which string is attached and wound, and which can be made to fall and rise.
Yo-yo	thing that repeatedly falls and rises.
Yr.	year
Yr.	younger.
Yr.	your.
Yrs.	years.
Yrs.	yours.
Yts	Youth training scheme.
Ytterbium	Metallic element of the lanthanide series.
Yttrium	Metallic element resembling the lanthanides.
Yuan	chief monetary unit of china.
Yucca	Subtropical white-flowered plant with swordlike leaves, often grown as a house-plant.
Yuck	expression of strong distaste.
Yucky	messy, repellent.
Yucky	sickly, sentimental.
Yugoslav	native or national of yugoslavia.
Yugoslav	person of yugoslav descent.
Yugoslav	Of yugoslavia.
Yule	the christmas festival.
Yule-log	large log traditionally burnt on christmas eve.
Yule-log	log-shaped chocolate cake eaten at christmas.
Yummy	Tasty, delicious.
Yum-yum	Expressing pleasure from eating or the prospect of eating.
Yuppie	(often
Yuppie	, usu. Derog. Young ambitious professional person working in a city.
Ywca	Young women's christian association.
Z	twenty-sixth letter of the alphabet.
Z	algebra third unknown quantity.
Zabaglione	Italian dessert of whipped and heated egg-yolks, sugar, and wine.
Zany	comically idiotic; crazily ridiculous.
Zap	a kill or destroy; attack.
Zap	hit hard
Zap	move quickly.
Zap	overwhelm emotionally.
Zap	Expressing the sound or impact of a bullet, ray gun, etc., or any sudden event.
Zappy	Lively, energetic.
Zeal	Earnestness or fervour; hearty persistent endeavour.
Zealot	Extreme partisan; fanatic.
Zealous	Full of zeal; enthusiastic.
Zebra	black-and-white striped african animal of the family including the ass and horse.
Zebra crossing	Striped street-crossing where pedestrians have precedence.
Zebu	humped ox of asia and africa.
Zed	Letter z.
Zee	Us letter z.
Zeitgeist	The spirit of the times.
Zen	Form of buddhism emphasizing meditation and intuition.
Zend	An interpretation of the avesta.
Zend-avesta	Zoroastrian sacred writings of the avesta
Zend-avesta	and zend
Zenith	point of the heavens directly above an observer.
Zenith	highest point
Zephyr	Literary mild gentle breeze.
Zeppelin	Large dirigible german airship of the early
Zeppelin	0th c.
Zero	figure
Zero	; nought; nil.
Zero	point on the scale of a thermometer etc. From which a positive or negative quantity is reckoned.
Zero	No, not any
Zero	a hour at which a planned, esp. Military, operation is timed to begin.
Zero	crucial moment.
Zero	lowest or earliest point
Zero	take aim at.
Zero	focus one's attention on.
Zero option	Disarmament proposal for the total removal of certain types of weapons on both sides.
Zero-rated	On which no vat is charged.
Zest	piquancy; stimulating flavour or quality.
Zest	a keen enjoyment or interest.
Zest	relish.
Zest	gusto.
Zest	scraping of orange or lemon peel as flavouring.
Zest	Zestfully
Zeta	Sixth letter of the greek alphabet
Zeugma	Figure of speech using a verb or adjective with two nouns, to one of which it is strictly applicable while the word appropriate to the other is not used (e.g. With weeping eyes and
Ziggurat	Rectangular stepped tower in ancient mesopotamia, surmounted by a temple.
Zigzag	With abrupt alternate right and left turns
Zigzag	Zigzag line; thing having the form of a zigzag or having sharp turns.
Zigzag	With a zigzag course.
Zigzag	move in a zigzag course.
Zilch	Esp. Us
Zilch	nothing.
Zillion	Indefinite large number.
Zimmer frame	Propr.
Zimmer frame	kind of walking-frame.
Zinc	Greyish-white metallic element used as a component of brass and in galvanizing sheet iron.
Zing	Vigour, energy.
Zing	Move swiftly, esp. With a high-pitched ringing sound.
Zinnia	Garden plant with showy flowers.
Zion	ancient jerusalem; its holy hill.
Zion	a the jewish people or religion.
Zion	the christian church.
Zion	the kingdom of heaven.
Zionism	Movement for the re-establishment and development of a jewish nation in what is now israel.
Zip	light fast sound.
Zip	energy, vigour.
Zip	a
Zip	fastening device of two flexible strips with interlocking projections, closed or opened by sliding a clip along them.
Zip	Having a zip-fastener
Zip	fasten with a zip-fastener.
Zip	move with zip or at high speed.
Zip code	Us postcode.
Zipper	Esp. Us
Zippy	Lively, speedy.
Zircon	Zirconium silicate of which some translucent varieties are cut into gems.
Zirconium	Grey metallic element.
Zit	Esp. Us
Zit	pimple.
Zit	Esp. Us
Zit	pimple.
Zither	Stringed instrument with a flat soundbox, placed horizontally and played with the fingers and a plectrum.
Zloty	chief monetary unit of poland.
Zn	Zinc.
Zodiac	belt of the heavens including all apparent positions of the sun, moon, and planets as known to ancient astronomers, and divided into twelve equal parts
Zodiac	diagram of these signs.
Zombie	Person who acts mechanically or lifelessly.
Zombie	corpse said to have been revived by witchcraft.
Zone	area having particular features, properties, purpose, or use
Zone	well-defined region of more or less beltlike form.
Zone	area between two concentric circles.
Zone	encircling band of colour etc.
Zone	belt, girdle.
Zone	encircle as or with a zone.
Zone	arrange or distribute by zones.
Zone	assign as or to a particular area.
Zonked	exhausted; intoxicated.
Zoo	Zoological garden.
Zoological	Of zoology.
Zoological garden	(also zoological gardens
Zoological garden	pl.) Public garden or park with a collection of animals for exhibition and study.
Zoology	The study of animals.
Zoom	move quickly, esp. With a buzzing sound.
Zoom	cause an aeroplane to mount at high speed and a steep angle.
Zoom	change rapidly from a long shot to a close-up
Zoom	Rise sharply.
Zoom	aeroplane's steep climb.
Zoom	zooming camera shot.
Zoom lens	Lens allowing a camera to zoom by varying the focal length.
Zoophyte	Plantlike animal, esp.
Zoophyte	coral, sea anemone, or sponge.
Zoroastrian	Of zoroaster
Zoroastrian	or the dualistic religious system taught by him.
Zoroastrian	Follower of zoroaster.
Zr	Zirconium.
Zucchini	esp. Us
Zucchini	austral. Courgette.
Zulu	member of a s. African bantu people.
Zulu	their language.
Zulu	Of this people or language.
Zygote	Biol. Cell formed by the union of two gametes.
