B	is the second letter of the English alphabet. (See Guide to Pronunciation, // 196, 220.) It is etymologically related to p, v, f, w and m , letters representing sounds having a close organic affinity to its own sound; as in Eng. bursar and purser; Eng.  bear and Lat. ferre; Eng. silver and Ger.  silber; Lat. cubitum and It. gomito; Eng. seven, Anglo-Saxon seofon, Ger. sieben, Lat. septem, Gr."epta`, Sanskrit saptan. The form of letter B is Roman, from Greek B (Beta), of Semitic origin. The small b was formed by gradual change from the capital B.
Ba	To kiss.
Baa	To cry baa, or bleat as a sheep.
Baas	of Baa
Baa	The cry or bleating of a sheep; a bleat.
Baaing	The bleating of a sheep.
Baalim	of Baal
Baal	The supreme male divinity of the Phoenician and Canaanitish nations.
Baal	The whole class of divinities to whom the name Baal was applied.
Baalism	Worship of Baal; idolatry.
Baalist	Alt. of Baalite
Baalite	A worshiper of Baal; a devotee of any false religion; an idolater.
Baba	A kind of plum cake.
Babbitt	To line with Babbitt metal.
Babbitt metal	A soft white alloy of variable composition (as a nine parts of tin to one of copper, or of fifty parts of tin to five of antimony and one of copper) used in bearings to diminish friction.
Babbled	of Babble
Babbling	of Babble
Babble	To utter words indistinctly or unintelligibly; to utter inarticulate sounds; as a child babbles.
Babble	To talk incoherently; to utter unmeaning words.
Babble	To talk much; to chatter; to prate.
Babble	To make a continuous murmuring noise, as shallow water running over stones.
Babble	To utter in an indistinct or incoherent way; to repeat, as words, in a childish way without understanding.
Babble	To disclose by too free talk, as a secret.
Babble	Idle talk; senseless prattle; gabble; twaddle.
Babble	Inarticulate speech; constant or confused murmur.
Babblement	Babble.
Babbler	An idle talker; an irrational prater; a teller of secrets.
Babbler	A hound too noisy on finding a good scent.
Babbler	A name given to any one of family (Timalinae) of thrushlike birds, having a chattering note.
Babblery	Babble.
Babe	An infant; a young child of either sex; a baby.
Babe	A doll for children.
Babehood	Babyhood.
Babel	The city and tower in the land of Shinar, where the confusion of languages took place.
Babel	Hence: A place or scene of noise and confusion; a confused mixture of sounds, as of voices or languages.
Babery	Finery of a kind to please a child.
Babian	Alt. of Babion
Babion	A baboon.
Babillard	The lesser whitethroat of Europe; -- called also babbling warbler.
Babingtonite	A mineral occurring in triclinic crystals approaching pyroxene in angle, and of a greenish black color.  It is a silicate of iron, manganese, and lime.
Babiroussa	Alt. of Babirussa
Babirussa	A large hoglike quadruped (Sus, / Porcus, babirussa) of the East Indies, sometimes domesticated; the Indian hog. Its upper canine teeth or tusks are large and recurved.
Babish	Like a babe; a childish; babyish.
Babism	The doctrine of a modern religious sect, which originated in Persia in 1843, being a mixture of Mohammedan, Christian, Jewish and Parsee elements.
Babist	A believer in Babism.
Bablah	The ring of the fruit of several East Indian species of acacia; neb-neb. It contains gallic acid and tannin, and is used for dyeing drab.
Baboo	Alt. of Babu
Babu	A Hindoo gentleman; a native clerk who writes English; also, a Hindoo title answering to Mr.  or Esquire.
Baboon	One of the Old World Quadrumana, of the genera Cynocephalus and Papio; the dog-faced ape. Baboons have dog-like muzzles and large canine teeth, cheek pouches, a short tail, and naked callosities on the buttocks. They are mostly African. See Mandrill, and Chacma, and Drill an ape.
Baboonery	Baboonish behavior.
Baboonish	Like a baboon.
Babies	of Baby
Baby	An infant or young child of either sex; a babe.
Baby	A small image of an infant; a doll.
Baby	Pertaining to, or resembling, an infant; young or little; as, baby swans.
Babied	of Baby
Babying	of Baby
Baby	To treat like a young child; to keep dependent; to humor; to fondle.
Baby farm	A place where the nourishment and care of babies are offered for hire.
Baby farmer	One who keeps a baby farm.
Baby farming	The business of keeping a baby farm.
Babyhood	The state or period of infancy.
Babyhouse	A place for children's dolls and dolls' furniture.
Babyish	Like a baby; childish; puerile; simple.
Babyism	The state of being a baby.
Babyism	A babyish manner of acting or speaking.
Baby jumper	A hoop suspended by an elastic strap, in which a young child may be held secure while amusing itself by jumping on the floor.
Babylonian	Of or pertaining to the real or to the mystical Babylon, or to the ancient kingdom of Babylonia; Chaldean.
Babylonian	An inhabitant of Babylonia  (which included Chaldea); a Chaldean.
Babylonian	An astrologer; -- so called because the Chaldeans were remarkable for the study of astrology.
Babylonic	Alt. of Babylonical
Babylonical	Pertaining to Babylon, or made there; as, Babylonic garments, carpets, or hangings.
Babylonical	Tumultuous; disorderly.
Babylonish	Of or pertaining to, or made in, Babylon or Babylonia.
Babylonish	Pertaining to the Babylon of Revelation xiv. 8.
Babylonish	Pertaining to Rome and papal power.
Babylonish	Confused; Babel-like.
Babyroussa	Alt. of Babyrussa
Babyrussa	See Babyroussa.
Babyship	The quality of being a baby; the personality of an infant.
Bac	A broad, flatbottomed ferryboat, usually worked by a rope.
Bac	A vat or cistern. See 1st Back.
Baccalaureate	The degree of bachelor of arts. (B.A. or A.B.), the first or lowest academical degree conferred by universities and colleges.
Baccalaureate	A baccalaureate sermon.
Baccalaureate	Pertaining to a bachelor of arts.
Baccara	Alt. of Baccarat
Baccarat	A French game of cards, played by a banker and punters.
Baccare	Alt. of Backare
Backare	Stand back! give place! -- a cant word of the Elizabethan writers, probably in ridicule of some person who pretended to a knowledge of Latin which he did not possess.
Baccate	Pulpy throughout, like a berry; -- said of fruits.
Baccated	Having many berries.
Baccated	Set or adorned with pearls.
Bacchanal	Relating to Bacchus or his festival.
Bacchanal	Engaged in drunken revels; drunken and riotous or noisy.
Bacchanal	A devotee of Bacchus; one who indulges in drunken revels; one who is noisy and riotous when intoxicated; a carouser.
Bacchanal	The festival of Bacchus; the bacchanalia.
Bacchanal	Drunken revelry; an orgy.
Bacchanal	A song or dance in honor of Bacchus.
Bacchanalia	A feast or an orgy in honor of Bacchus.
Bacchanalia	Hence: A drunken feast; drunken reveler.
Bacchanalian	Of or pertaining to the festival of Bacchus; relating to or given to reveling and drunkenness.
Bacchanalian	A bacchanal; a drunken reveler.
Bacchanalianism	The practice of bacchanalians; bacchanals; drunken revelry.
Bacchants	of Bacchant
Bacchantes	of Bacchant
Bacchant	A priest of Bacchus.
Bacchant	A bacchanal; a reveler.
Bacchant	Bacchanalian; fond of drunken revelry; wine-loving; reveling; carousing.
Bacchantes	of Bacchante
Bacchante	A priestess of Bacchus.
Bacchante	A female bacchanal.
Bacchantic	Bacchanalian.
Bacchic	Alt. of Bacchical
Bacchical	Of or relating to Bacchus; hence, jovial, or riotous,with intoxication.
Bacchii	of Bacchius
Bacchius	A metrical foot composed of a short syllable and two long ones; according to some, two long and a short.
Bacchus	The god of wine, son of Jupiter and Semele.
Bacciferous	Producing berries.
Bacciform	Having the form of a berry.
Baccivorous	Eating, or subsisting on, berries; as, baccivorous birds.
Bace	See Base.
Bacharach	Alt. of Backarack
Backarack	A kind of wine made at Bacharach on the Rhine.
Bachelor	A man of any age who has not been married.
Bachelor	An unmarried woman.
Bachelor	A person who has taken the first or lowest degree in the liberal arts, or in some branch of science, at a college or university; as, a bachelor of arts.
Bachelor	A knight who had no standard of his own, but fought under the standard of another in the field; often, a young knight.
Bachelor	In the companies of London tradesmen, one not yet admitted to wear the livery; a junior member.
Bachelor	A kind of bass, an edible fresh-water fish (Pomoxys annularis) of the southern United States.
Bachelordom	The state of bachelorhood; the whole body of bachelors.
Bachelorhood	The state or condition of being a bachelor; bachelorship.
Bachelorism	Bachelorhood; also, a manner or peculiarity belonging to bachelors.
Bachelor's button	A plant with flowers shaped like buttons; especially, several species of Ranunculus, and the cornflower (Centaures cyanus) and globe amaranth (Gomphrena).
Bachelorship	The state of being a bachelor.
Bachelry	The body of young aspirants for knighthood.
Bacillar	Shaped like a rod or staff.
Bacillariae	See Diatom.
Bacillary	Of or pertaining to little rods; rod-shaped.
Bacilliform	Rod-shaped.
Bacilli	of Bacillus
Bacillus	A variety of bacterium; a microscopic, rod-shaped vegetable organism.
Back	A large shallow vat; a cistern, tub, or trough, used by brewers, distillers, dyers, picklers, gluemakers, and others, for mixing or cooling wort, holding water, hot glue, etc.
Back	A ferryboat.  See Bac, 1.
Back	In human beings, the hinder part of the body, extending from the neck to the end of the spine; in other animals, that part of the body which corresponds most nearly to such part of a human being; as, the back of a horse, fish, or lobster.
Back	An extended upper part, as of a mountain or ridge.
Back	The outward or upper part of a thing, as opposed to the inner or lower part; as, the back of the hand, the back of the foot, the back of a hand rail.
Back	The part opposed to the front; the hinder or rear part of a thing; as, the back of a book; the back of an army; the back of a chimney.
Back	The part opposite to, or most remote from, that which fronts the speaker or actor; or the part out of sight, or not generally seen; as, the back of an island, of a hill, or of a village.
Back	The part of a cutting tool on the opposite side from its edge; as, the back of a knife, or of a saw.
Back	A support or resource in reserve.
Back	The keel and keelson of a ship.
Back	The upper part of a lode, or the roof of a horizontal underground passage.
Back	A garment for the back; hence, clothing.
Back	Being at the back or in the rear; distant; remote; as, the back door; back settlements.
Back	Being in arrear; overdue; as, back rent.
Back	Moving or operating backward; as, back action.
Backed	of Back
Backing	of Back
Back	To get upon the back of; to mount.
Back	To place or seat upon the back.
Back	To drive or force backward; to cause to retreat or recede; as, to back oxen.
Back	To make a back for; to furnish with a back; as, to back books.
Back	To adjoin behind; to be at the back of.
Back	To write upon the back of; as, to back a letter; to indorse; as, to back a note or legal document.
Back	To support; to maintain; to second or strengthen by aid or influence; as, to back a friend.
Back	To bet on the success of; -- as, to back a race horse.
Back	To move or go backward; as, the horse refuses to back.
Back	To change from one quarter to another by a course opposite to that of the sun; -- used of the wind.
Back	To stand still behind another dog which has pointed; -- said of a dog.
Back	In, to, or toward, the rear; as, to stand back; to step back.
Back	To the place from which one came; to the place or person from which something is taken or derived; as, to go back for something left behind; to go back to one's native place; to put a book back after reading it.
Back	To a former state, condition, or station; as, to go back to private life; to go back to barbarism.
Back	(Of time) In times past; ago.
Back	Away from contact; by reverse movement.
Back	In concealment or reserve; in one's own possession; as, to keep back the truth; to keep back part of the money due to another.
Back	In a state of restraint or hindrance.
Back	In return, repayment, or requital.
Back	In withdrawal from a statement, promise, or undertaking; as, he took back0 the offensive words.
Back	In arrear; as, to be back in one's rent.
Backarack	See Bacharach.
Backare	Same as Baccare.
Backband	The band which passes over the back of a horse and holds up the shafts of a carriage.
Backbite	To wound by clandestine detraction; to censure meanly or spitefully (an absent person); to slander or speak evil of (one absent).
Backbite	To censure or revile the absent.
Backbiter	One who backbites; a secret calumniator or detractor.
Backbiting	Secret slander; detraction.
Backboard	A board which supports the back wen one is sitting;
Backboard	A board serving as the back part of anything, as of a wagon.
Backboard	A thin stuff used for the backs of framed pictures, mirrors, etc.
Backboard	A board attached to the rim of a water wheel to prevent the water from running off the floats or paddies into the interior of the wheel.
Backboard	A board worn across the back to give erectness to the figure.
Backbond	An instrument which, in conjunction with another making an absolute disposition, constitutes a trust.
Backbone	The column of bones in the back which sustains and gives firmness to the frame; the spine; the vertebral or spinal column.
Backbone	Anything like , or serving the purpose of, a backbone.
Backbone	Firmness; moral principle; steadfastness.
Backboned	Vertebrate.
Backcast	Anything which brings misfortune upon one, or causes failure in an effort or enterprise; a reverse.
Back door	A door in the back part of a building; hence, an indirect way.
Backdoor	Acting from behind and in concealment; as, backdoor intrigues.
Backdown	A receding or giving up; a complete      surrender.
Backed	Having a back; fitted with a back; as, a backed electrotype or stereotype plate.  Used in composition; as, broad-backed; hump-backed.
Backer	One who, or that which, backs; especially one who backs a person or thing in a contest.
Backfall	A fall or throw on the back in wrestling.
Backfriend	A secret enemy.
Backgammon	A game of chance and skill, played by two persons on a "board" marked off into twenty-four spaces called "points". Each player has fifteen pieces, or "men", the movements of which from point to point are determined by throwing dice.  Formerly called tables.
Backgammon	In the game of backgammon, to beat by ending the game before the loser is clear of his first "table".
Background	Ground in the rear or behind, or in the distance, as opposed to the foreground, or the ground in front.
Background	The space which is behind and subordinate to a portrait or group of figures.
Background	Anything behind, serving as a foil; as, the statue had a background of red hangings.
Background	A place in obscurity or retirement, or out of sight.
Backhand	A kind of handwriting in which the downward slope of the letters is from left to right.
Backhand	Sloping from left to right; -- said of handwriting.
Backhand	Backhanded; indirect; oblique.
Backhanded	With the hand turned backward; as, a backhanded blow.
Backhanded	Indirect; awkward; insincere; sarcastic; as, a backhanded compliment.
Backhanded	Turned back, or inclining to the left; as, a backhanded letters.
Backhandedness	State   of being backhanded; the using of backhanded or indirect methods.
Backhander	A backhanded blow.
Backhouse	A building behind the main building. Specifically: A privy; a necessary.
Backing	The act of moving backward, or of putting or moving anything backward.
Backing	That which is behind, and forms the back of, anything, usually giving strength or stability.
Backing	Support or aid given to a person or cause.
Backing	The preparation of the back of a book with glue, etc., before putting on the cover.
Backjoint	A rebate or chase in masonry left to receive a permanent slab or other filling.
Backlash	The distance through which one part of connected machinery, as a wheel, piston, or screw, can be moved without moving the connected parts, resulting from looseness in fitting or from wear; also, the jarring or reflex motion caused in badly fitting machinery by irregularities in velocity or a reverse of motion.
Backless	Without a back.
Backlog	A large stick of wood, forming the back of a fire on the hearth.
Backpiece	Alt. of Backplate
Backplate	A piece, or plate which forms the back of anything, or which covers the back; armor for the back.
Backrack	Alt. of Backrag
Backrag	See Bacharach.
Backs	Among leather dealers, the thickest and stoutest tanned hides.
Backsaw	A saw (as a tenon saw) whose blade is stiffened by an added metallic back.
Backset	A check; a relapse; a discouragement; a setback.
Backset	Whatever is thrown back in its course, as water.
Backset	To plow again, in the fall; -- said of prairie land broken up in the spring.
Backsettler	One living in the back or outlying districts of a community.
Backsheesh	Alt. of Backshish
Backshish	In Egypt and the Turkish empire, a gratuity; a "tip".
Backside	The hinder part, posteriors, or rump of a person or animal.
Backsight	The reading of the leveling staff in its unchanged position when the leveling instrument has been taken to a new position; a sight directed backwards to a station previously occupied.  Cf. Foresight, n., 3.
Backslid	of Backslide
Backslidden	of Backslide
Backslid	of Backslide
Backsliding	of Backslide
Backslide	To slide back; to fall away; esp. to abandon gradually the faith and practice of a religion that has been professed.
Backslider	One who backslides.
Backsliding	Slipping back; falling back into sin or error; sinning.
Backsliding	The act of one who backslides; abandonment of faith or duty.
Backstaff	An instrument formerly used for taking the altitude of the heavenly bodies, but now superseded by the quadrant and sextant; -- so called because the observer turned his back to the body observed.
Back stairs	Stairs in the back part of a house, as distinguished from the front stairs; hence, a private or indirect way.
Backstairs	Alt. of Backstair
Backstair	Private; indirect; secret; intriguing; -- as if finding access by the back stairs.
Backstay	A rope or stay extending from the masthead to the side of a ship, slanting a little aft, to assist the shrouds in supporting the mast.
Backstay	A rope or strap used to prevent excessive forward motion.
Backster	A backer.
Backstitch	A stitch made by setting the needle back of the end of the last stitch, and bringing it out in front of the end.
Backstitch	To sew with backstitches; as, to backstitch a seam.
Backstress	A female baker.
Backsword	A sword with one sharp edge.
Backsword	In   England, a stick with a basket handle, used in rustic amusements; also, the game in which the stick is used.  Also called singlestick.
Backward	Alt. of Backwards
Backwards	With the back in advance or foremost; as, to ride backward.
Backwards	Toward the back; toward the rear; as, to throw the arms backward.
Backwards	On the back, or with the back downward.
Backwards	Toward, or in, past time or events; ago.
Backwards	By way of reflection; reflexively.
Backwards	From a better to a worse state, as from honor to shame, from religion to sin.
Backwards	In a contrary or reverse manner, way, or direction; contrarily; as, to read backwards.
Backward	Directed to the back or rear; as, backward glances.
Backward	Unwilling; averse; reluctant; hesitating; loath.
Backward	Not well advanced in learning; not quick of apprehension; dull; inapt; as, a backward child.
Backward	Late or behindhand; as, a backward season.
Backward	Not advanced in civilization; undeveloped; as, the country or region is in a backward state.
Backward	Already past or gone; bygone.
Backward	The state behind or past.
Backward	To keep back; to hinder.
Backwardation	The seller's postponement of delivery of stock or shares, with the consent of the buyer, upon payment of a premium to the latter; -- also, the premium so paid. See Contango.
Backwardly	Reluctantly; slowly; aversely.
Backwardly	Perversely; ill.
Backwardness	The state of being backward.
Backwash	To clean the oil from (wood) after combing.
Backwater	Water turned back in its course by an obstruction, an opposing current , or the flow of the tide, as in a sewer or river channel, or across a river bar.
Backwater	An accumulation of water overflowing the low lands, caused by an obstruction.
Backwater	Water thrown back by the turning of a waterwheel, or by the paddle wheels of a steamer.
Backwoods	The forests or partly cleared grounds on the frontiers.
Backwoodsmen	of Backwoodsman
Backwoodsman	A man living in the forest in or beyond the new settlements, especially on the western frontiers of the older portions of the United States.
Backworm	A disease of hawks. See Filanders.
Bacon	The back and sides of a pig salted and smoked; formerly, the flesh of a pig salted or fresh.
Baconian	Of or pertaining to Lord Bacon, or to his system of philosophy.
Bacteria	See Bacterium.
Bacterial	Of or pertaining to bacteria.
Bactericidal	Destructive of bacteria.
Bactericide	Same as Germicide.
Bacteriological	Of or pertaining to bacteriology; as, bacteriological studies.
Bacteriologist	One skilled in bacteriology.
Bacteriology	The science relating to bacteria.
Bacterioscopic	Relating   to   bacterioscopy; as, a bacterioscopic examination.
Bacterioscopist	One   skilled   in    bacterioscopic examinations.
Bacterioscopy	The application of a knowledge of bacteria for their detection and identification, as in the examination of polluted water.
Bacteria	of Bacterium
Bacterium	A microscopic vegetable organism, belonging to the class Algae, usually in the form of a jointed rodlike filament, and found in putrefying organic infusions.  Bacteria are destitute of chlorophyll, and are the smallest of microscopic organisms. They are very widely diffused in nature, and multiply with marvelous rapidity, both by fission and by spores. Certain species are active agents in fermentation, while others appear to be the cause of certain infectious diseases. See Bacillus.
Bacteroid	Alt. of Bacteroidal
Bacteroidal	Resembling bacteria; as, bacteroid particles.
Bactrian	Of or pertaining to Bactria in Asia.
Bactrian	A native of Bactria.
Bacule	See Bascule.
Baculine	Of or pertaining to the rod or punishment with the rod.
Baculite	A cephalopod of the extinct genus Baculites, found fossil in the Cretaceous rocks. It is like an uncoiled ammonite.
Baculometry	Measurement of distance or altitude by a staff or staffs.
Bad	Bade.
Bad	Wanting good qualities, whether physical or moral; injurious, hurtful, inconvenient, offensive, painful, unfavorable, or defective, either physically or morally; evil; vicious; wicked; -- the opposite of good; as, a bad man; bad conduct; bad habits; bad soil; bad health; bad crop; bad news.
Badder	compar. of Bad, a.
Badderlocks	A large black seaweed (Alaria esculenta) sometimes eaten in Europe; -- also called murlins, honeyware, and henware.
Baddish	Somewhat bad; inferior.
Bade	A form of the pat tense of Bid.
Badge	A distinctive mark, token, sign, or cognizance, worn on the person; as, the badge of a society; the badge of a policeman.
Badge	Something characteristic; a mark; a token.
Badge	A carved ornament on the stern of a vessel, containing a window or the representation of one.
Badge	To mark or distinguish with a badge.
Badgeless	Having no badge.
Badger	An itinerant licensed dealer in commodities used for food; a hawker; a huckster; -- formerly applied especially to one who bought grain in one place and sold it in another.
Badger	A carnivorous quadruped of the genus Meles or of an allied genus.  It is a burrowing animal, with short, thick legs, and long claws on the fore feet.  One species (M.  vulgaris), called also brock, inhabits the north of Europe and Asia; another species (Taxidea Americana / Labradorica) inhabits the northern parts of North America. See Teledu.
Badger	A brush made of badgers' hair, used by artists.
Badgered	of Badger
Badgering	of Badger
Badger	To tease or annoy, as a badger when baited; to worry or irritate persistently.
Badger	To beat down; to cheapen; to barter; to bargain.
Badgerer	One who badgers.
Badgerer	A kind of dog used in badger baiting.
Badgering	The act of one who badgers.
Badgering	The practice of buying wheat and other kinds of food in one place and selling them in another for a profit.
Badger-legged	Having legs of unequal length, as the badger was thought to have.
Badiaga	A fresh-water sponge (Spongilla), common in the north of Europe, the powder of which is used to take away the livid marks of bruises.
Badian	An evergreen Chinese shrub of the Magnolia family (Illicium anisatum), and its aromatic seeds; Chinese anise; star anise.
Badigeon	A cement or paste (as of plaster and freestone, or of sawdust and glue or lime) used by sculptors, builders, and workers in wood or stone, to fill holes, cover defects, or finish a surface.
Badinage	Playful raillery; banter.
Bad lands	Barren regions, especially in the western United States, where horizontal strata (Tertiary deposits) have been often eroded into fantastic forms, and much intersected by ca–ons, and where lack of wood, water, and forage increases the difficulty of traversing the country, whence the name, first given by the Canadian French, Mauvaises Terres (bad lands).
Badly	In a bad manner; poorly; not well; unskillfully; imperfectly; unfortunately; grievously; so as to cause harm; disagreeably; seriously.
Badminton	A game, similar to lawn tennis, played with shuttlecocks.
Badminton	A preparation of claret, spiced and sweetened.
Badness	The state of being bad.
Baenomere	One of the somites (arthromeres) that make up the thorax of Arthropods.
Baenopod	One of the thoracic legs of Arthropods.
Baenosome	The thorax of Arthropods.
Baff	A blow; a stroke.
Baffled	of Baffle
Baffling	of Baffle
Baffle	To cause to undergo a disgraceful punishment, as a recreant knight.
Baffle	To check by shifts and turns; to elude; to foil.
Baffle	To check by perplexing; to disconcert, frustrate, or defeat; to thwart.
Baffle	To practice deceit.
Baffle	To struggle against in vain; as, a ship baffles with the winds.
Baffle	A defeat by artifice, shifts, and turns; discomfiture.
Bafflement	The process or act of baffling, or of being baffled; frustration; check.
Baffler	One who, or that which, baffles.
Baffling	Frustrating; discomfiting; disconcerting; as, baffling currents, winds, tasks.
Baft	Same as Bafta.
Bafta	A coarse stuff, usually of cotton, originally made in India. Also, an imitation of this fabric made for export.
Bag	A sack or pouch, used for holding anything; as, a bag of meal or of money.
Bag	A sac, or dependent gland, in animal bodies, containing some fluid or other substance; as, the bag of poison in the mouth of some serpents; the bag of a cow.
Bag	A sort of silken purse formerly tied about men's hair behind, by way of ornament.
Bag	The quantity of game bagged.
Bag	A certain quantity of a commodity, such as it is customary to carry to market in a sack; as, a bag of pepper or hops; a bag of coffee.
Bagged	of Bag
Bagging	of Bag
Bag	To put into a bag; as, to bag hops.
Bag	To seize, capture, or entrap; as, to bag an army; to bag game.
Bag	To furnish or load with a bag or with a well filled bag.
Bag	To swell or hang down like a full bag; as, the skin bags from containing morbid matter.
Bag	To swell with arrogance.
Bag	To become pregnant.
Bagasse	Sugar cane, as it comes crushed from the mill. It is then dried and used as fuel. Also extended to the refuse of beetroot sugar.
Bagatelle	A trifle; a thing of no importance.
Bagatelle	A game played on an oblong board, having, at one end, cups or arches into or through which balls are to be driven by a rod held in the hand of the player.
Baggage	The clothes, tents, utensils, and provisions of an army.
Baggage	The trunks, valises, satchels, etc., which a traveler carries with him on a journey; luggage.
Baggage	Purulent matter.
Baggage	Trashy talk.
Baggage	A man of bad character.
Baggage	A woman of loose morals; a prostitute.
Baggage	A romping, saucy girl.
Baggage master	One who has charge of the baggage at a railway station or upon a line of public travel.
Baggager	One who takes care of baggage; a camp follower.
Baggala	A two-masted Arab or Indian trading vessel, used in Indian Ocean.
Baggily	In a loose, baggy way.
Bagging	Cloth or other material for bags.
Bagging	The act of putting anything into, or as into, a bag.
Bagging	The act of swelling; swelling.
Bagging	Reaping peas, beans, wheat, etc., with a chopping stroke.
Baggy	Resembling a bag; loose or puffed out, or pendent, like a bag; flabby; as, baggy trousers; baggy cheeks.
Bagmen	of Bagman
Bagman	A commercial traveler; one employed to solicit orders for manufacturers and tradesmen.
Bag net	A bag-shaped net for catching fish.
Bagnio	A house for bathing, sweating, etc.; -- also, in Turkey, a prison for slaves.
Bagnio	A brothel; a stew; a house of prostitution.
Bagpipe	A musical wind instrument, now used chiefly in the Highlands of Scotland.
Bagpipe	To make to look like a bagpipe.
Bagpiper	One who plays on a bagpipe; a piper.
Bagreef	The lower reef of fore and aft sails; also, the upper reef of topsails.
Bague	The annular molding or group of moldings dividing a long shaft or clustered column into two or more parts.
Baguet	Alt. of Baguette
Baguette	A small molding, like the astragal, but smaller; a bead.
Baguette	One of the minute bodies seen in the divided nucleoli of some Infusoria after conjugation.
Bagwig	A wig, in use in the 18th century, with the hair at the back of the head in a bag.
Bagworm	One of several lepidopterous insects which construct, in the larval state, a baglike case which they carry about for protection. One species (Platoeceticus Gloveri) feeds on the orange tree. See Basket worm.
Bah	An exclamation expressive of extreme contempt.
Bahar	A weight used in certain parts of the East Indies, varying considerably in different localities, the range being from 223 to 625 pounds.
Baigne	To soak or drench.
Bail	A bucket or scoop used in bailing water out of a boat.
Bailed	of Bail
Bailing	of Bail
Bail	To lade; to dip and throw; -- usually with out; as, to bail water out of a boat.
Bail	To dip or lade water from; -- often with out to express completeness; as, to bail a boat.
Bail	To deliver; to release.
Bail	To set free, or deliver from arrest, or out of custody, on the undertaking of some other person or persons that he or they will be responsible for the appearance, at a certain day and place, of the person bailed.
Bail	To deliver, as goods in trust, for some special object or purpose, upon a contract, expressed or implied, that the trust shall be faithfully executed on the part of the bailee, or person intrusted; as, to bail cloth to a tailor to be made into a garment; to bail goods to a carrier.
Bail	Custody; keeping.
Bail	The person or persons who procure the release of a prisoner from the custody of the officer, or from imprisonment, by becoming surely for his appearance in court.
Bail	The security given for the appearance of a prisoner in order to obtain his release from custody of the officer; as, the man is out on bail; to go bail for any one.
Bail	The arched handle of a kettle, pail, or similar vessel, usually movable.
Bail	A half hoop for supporting the cover of a carrier's wagon, awning of a boat, etc.
Bail	A line of palisades serving as an exterior defense.
Bail	The outer wall of a feudal castle. Hence: The space inclosed by it; the outer court.
Bail	A certain limit within a forest.
Bail	A division for the stalls of an open stable.
Bail	The top or cross piece ( or either of the two cross pieces) of the wicket.
Bailable	Having the right or privilege of being admitted to bail, upon bond with sureties; -- used of persons.
Bailable	Admitting of bail; as, a bailable offense.
Bailable	That can be delivered in trust; as, bailable goods.
Bail bond	A bond or obligation given by a prisoner and his surety, to insure the prisoner's appearance in court, at the return of the writ.
Bail bond	Special bail in court to abide the judgment.
Bailee	The person to whom goods are committed in trust, and who has a temporary possession and a qualified property in them, for the purposes of the trust.
Bailer	See Bailor.
Bailer	One who bails or lades.
Bailer	A utensil, as a bucket or cup, used in bailing; a machine for bailing water out of a pit.
Bailey	The outer wall of a feudal castle.
Bailey	The space immediately within the outer wall of a castle or fortress.
Bailey	A prison or court of justice; -- used in certain proper names; as, the Old Bailey in London; the New Bailey in Manchester.
Bailie	An officer in Scotland, whose office formerly corresponded to that of sheriff, but now corresponds to that of an English alderman.
Bailiff	Originally, a person put in charge of something especially, a chief officer, magistrate, or keeper, as of a county, town, hundred, or castle; one to whom power/ of custody or care are intrusted.
Bailiff	A sheriff's deputy, appointed to make arrests, collect fines, summon juries, etc.
Bailiff	An overseer or under steward of an estate, who directs husbandry operations, collects rents, etc.
Bailiffwick	See Bailiwick.
Bailiwick	The precincts within which a bailiff has jurisdiction; the limits of a bailiff's authority.
Baillie	Bailiff.
Baillie	Same as Bailie.
Bailment	The action of bailing a person accused.
Bailment	A delivery of goods or money by one person to another in trust, for some special purpose, upon a contract, expressed or implied, that the trust shall be faithfully executed.
Bailor	One who delivers goods or money to another in trust.
Bailpiece	A piece of parchment, or paper, containing a recognizance or bail bond.
Bain	A bath; a bagnio.
Bain-marie	A vessel for holding hot water in which another vessel may be heated without scorching its contents; -- used for warming or preparing food or pharmaceutical preparations.
Bairam	The name of two Mohammedan festivals, of which one is held at the close of the fast called Ramadan, and the other seventy days after the fast.
Bairn	A child.
Baisemains	Respects; compliments.
Bait	Any substance, esp. food, used in catching fish, or other animals, by alluring them to a hook, snare, inclosure, or net.
Bait	Anything which allures; a lure; enticement; temptation.
Bait	A portion of food or drink, as a refreshment taken on a journey; also, a stop for rest and refreshment.
Bait	A light or hasty luncheon.
Baited	of Bait
Baiting	of Bait
Bait	To provoke and harass; esp., to harass or torment for sport; as, to bait a bear with dogs; to bait a bull.
Bait	To give a portion of food and drink to, upon the road; as, to bait horses.
Bait	To furnish or cover with bait, as a trap or hook.
Bait	To stop to take a portion of food and drink for refreshment of one's self or one's beasts, on a journey.
Bait	To flap the wings; to flutter as if to fly; or to hover, as a hawk when she stoops to her prey.
Baiter	One who baits; a tormentor.
Baize	A coarse woolen stuff with a long nap; -- usually dyed in plain colors.
Bajocco	A small copper coin formerly current in the Roman States, worth about a cent and a half.
Baked	of Bake
Baking	of Bake
Bake	To prepare, as food, by cooking in a dry heat, either in an oven or under coals, or on heated stone or metal; as, to bake bread, meat, apples.
Bake	To dry or harden (anything) by subjecting to heat, as, to bake bricks; the sun bakes the ground.
Bake	To harden by cold.
Bake	To do the work of baking something; as, she brews, washes, and bakes.
Bake	To be baked; to become dry and hard in heat; as, the bread bakes; the ground bakes in the hot sun.
Bake	The process, or result, of baking.
Bakehouse	A house for baking; a bakery.
Bakemeat	Alt. of Baked-meat
Baked-meat	A pie; baked food.
Baken	p. p. of Bake.
Baker	One whose business it is to bake bread, biscuit, etc.
Baker	A portable oven in which baking is done.
Baker-legged	Having legs that bend inward at the knees.
Bakery	The trade of a baker.
Bakery	The place for baking bread; a bakehouse.
Baking	The act or process of cooking in an oven, or of drying and hardening by heat or cold.
Baking	The quantity baked at once; a batch; as, a baking of bread.
Bakingly	In a hot or baking manner.
Bakistre	A baker.
Baksheesh	Alt. of Bakshish
Bakshish	Same as Backsheesh.
Balaam	A paragraph describing something wonderful, used to fill out a newspaper column; -- an allusion to the miracle of Balaam's ass speaking.
Balachong	A condiment formed of small fishes or shrimps, pounded up with salt and spices, and then dried. It is much esteemed in China.
Balaenoidea	A division of the Cetacea, including the right whale and all other whales having the mouth fringed with baleen. See Baleen.
Balance	An apparatus for weighing.
Balance	Act of weighing mentally; comparison; estimate.
Balance	Equipoise between the weights in opposite scales.
Balance	The state of being in equipoise; equilibrium; even adjustment; steadiness.
Balance	An equality between the sums total of the two sides of an account; as, to bring one's accounts to a balance; -- also, the excess on either side; as, the balance of an account.
Balance	A balance wheel, as of a watch, or clock. See Balance wheel (in the Vocabulary).
Balance	The constellation Libra.
Balance	The seventh sign in the Zodiac, called Libra, which the sun enters at the equinox in September.
Balance	A movement in dancing. See Balance, v. i., S.
Balanced	of Balance
Balancing	of Balance
Balance	To bring to an equipoise, as the scales of a balance by adjusting the weights; to weigh in a balance.
Balance	To support on a narrow base, so as to keep from falling; as, to balance a plate on the end of a cane; to balance one's self on a tight rope.
Balance	To equal in number, weight, force, or proportion; to counterpoise, counterbalance, counteract, or neutralize.
Balance	To compare in relative force, importance, value, etc.; to estimate.
Balance	To settle and adjust, as an account; to make two accounts equal by paying the difference between them.
Balance	To make the sums of the debits and credits of an account equal; -- said of an item; as, this payment, or credit, balances the account.
Balance	To arrange accounts in such a way that the sum total of the debits is equal to the sum total of the credits; as, to balance a set of books.
Balance	To move toward, and then back from, reciprocally; as, to balance partners.
Balance	To contract, as a sail, into a narrower compass; as, to balance the boom mainsail.
Balance	To have equal weight on each side; to be in equipoise; as, the scales balance.
Balance	To fluctuate between motives which appear of equal force; to waver; to hesitate.
Balance	To move toward a person or couple, and then back.
Balanceable	Such as can be balanced.
Balancement	The act or result of balancing or adjusting; equipoise; even adjustment of forces.
Balancer	One who balances, or uses a balance.
Balancer	In Diptera, the rudimentary posterior wing.
Balancereef	The last reef in a fore-and-aft sail, taken to steady the ship.
Balance wheel	A wheel which regulates the beats or pulses of a watch or chronometer, answering to the pendulum of a clock; -- often called simply a balance.
Balance wheel	A ratchet-shaped scape wheel, which in some watches is acted upon by the axis of the balance wheel proper (in those watches called a balance).
Balance wheel	A wheel which imparts regularity to the movements of any engine or machine; a fly wheel.
Balaniferous	Bearing or producing acorns.
Balanite	A fossil balanoid shell.
Balanoglossus	A peculiar marine worm. See Enteropneusta, and Tornaria.
Balanoid	Resembling an acorn; -- applied to a group of barnacles having shells shaped like acorns. See Acornshell, and Barnacle.
Balas ruby	A variety of spinel ruby, of a pale rose red, or inclining to orange. See Spinel.
Balaustine	The pomegranate tree (Punica granatum). The bark of the root, the rind of the fruit, and the flowers are used medicinally.
Balbutiate	Alt. of Balbucinate
Balbucinate	To stammer.
Balbuties	The defect of stammering; also, a kind of incomplete pronunciation.
Balcon	A balcony.
Balconied	Having balconies.
Balconies	of Balcony
Balcony	A platform projecting from the wall of a building, usually resting on brackets or consoles, and inclosed by a parapet; as, a balcony in front of a window. Also, a projecting gallery in places of amusement; as, the balcony in a theater.
Balcony	A projecting gallery once common at the stern of large ships.
Bald	Destitute of the natural or common covering on the head or top, as of hair, feathers, foliage, trees, etc.; as, a bald head; a bald oak.
Bald	Destitute of ornament; unadorned; bare; literal.
Bald	Undisguised.
Bald	Destitute of dignity or value; paltry; mean.
Bald	Destitute of a beard or awn; as, bald wheat.
Bald	Destitute of the natural covering.
Bald	Marked with a white spot on the head; bald-faced.
Baldachin	A rich brocade; baudekin.
Baldachin	A structure in form of a canopy, sometimes supported by columns, and sometimes suspended from the roof or projecting from the wall; generally placed over an altar; as, the baldachin in St. Peter's.
Baldachin	A portable canopy borne over shrines, etc., in procession.
Bald eagle	The white-headed eagle (Haliaeetus leucocephalus) of America. The young, until several years old, lack the white feathers on the head.
Balder	The most beautiful and beloved of the gods; the  god of peace; the son of Odin and Freya.
Balderdash	A worthless mixture, especially of liquors.
Balderdash	Senseless jargon; ribaldry; nonsense; trash.
Balderdash	To mix or adulterate, as liquors.
Bald-faced	Having a white face or a white mark on the face, as a stag.
Baldhead	A person whose head is bald.
Baldhead	A white-headed variety of pigeon.
Baldheaded	Having a bald head.
Baldly	Nakedly; without reserve; inelegantly.
Baldness	The state or condition of being bald; as, baldness of the head; baldness of style.
Baldpate	A baldheaded person.
Baldpate	The American widgeon (Anas Americana).
Baldpate	Alt. of Baldpated
Baldpated	Destitute of hair on the head; baldheaded.
Baldrib	A piece of pork cut lower down than the sparerib, and destitute of fat.
Baldric	A broad belt, sometimes richly ornamented, worn over one shoulder, across the breast, and under the opposite arm; less properly, any belt.
Baldwin	A kind of reddish, moderately acid, winter apple.
Bale	A bundle or package of goods in a cloth cover, and corded for storage or transportation; also, a bundle of straw / hay, etc., put up compactly for transportation.
Baled	of Bale
Baling	of Bale
Bale	To make up in a bale.
Bale	See Bail, v. t., to lade.
Bale	Misery; calamity; misfortune; sorrow.
Bale	Evil; an evil, pernicious influence; something causing great injury.
Balearic	Of or pertaining to the isles of Majorca, Minorca, Ivica, etc., in the Mediterranean Sea, off the coast of Valencia.
Baleen	Plates or blades of "whalebone," from two to twelve feet long, and sometimes a foot wide, which in certain whales (Balaenoidea) are attached side by side along the upper jaw, and form a fringelike sieve by which the food is retained in the mouth.
Balefire	A signal fire; an alarm fire.
Baleful	Full of deadly or pernicious influence; destructive.
Baleful	Full of grief or sorrow; woeful; sad.
Balefully	In a baleful manner; perniciously.
Balefulness	The quality or state of being baleful.
Balisaur	A badgerlike animal of India (Arcionyx collaris).
Balister	A crossbow.
Balistoid	Like a fish of the genus Balistes; of the family Balistidae. See Filefish.
Balistraria	A narrow opening, often cruciform, through which arrows might be discharged.
Balize	A pole or a frame raised as a sea beacon or a landmark.
Balk	A ridge of land left unplowed between furrows, or at the end of a field; a piece missed by the plow slipping aside.
Balk	A great beam, rafter, or timber; esp., the tie-beam of a house. The loft above was called "the balks."
Balk	One of the beams connecting the successive supports of a trestle bridge or bateau bridge.
Balk	A hindrance or disappointment; a check.
Balk	A sudden and obstinate stop; a failure.
Balk	A deceptive gesture of the pitcher, as if to deliver the ball.
Balked	of Balk
Balking	of Balk
Balk	To leave or make balks in.
Balk	To leave heaped up; to heap up in piles.
Balk	To omit, miss, or overlook by chance.
Balk	To miss intentionally; to avoid; to shun; to refuse; to let go by; to shirk.
Balk	To disappoint; to frustrate; to foil; to baffle; to /hwart; as, to balk expectation.
Balk	To engage in contradiction; to be in opposition.
Balk	To stop abruptly and stand still obstinately; to jib; to stop short; to swerve; as, the horse balks.
Balk	To indicate to fishermen, by shouts or signals from shore, the direction taken by the shoals of herring.
Balker	One who, or that which balks.
Balker	A person who stands on a rock or eminence to espy the shoals of herring, etc., and to give notice to the men in boats which way they pass; a conder; a huer.
Balkingly	In a manner to balk or frustrate.
Balkish	Uneven; ridgy.
Balky	Apt to balk; as, a balky horse.
Ball	Any round or roundish body or mass; a sphere or globe; as, a ball of twine; a ball of snow.
Ball	A spherical body of any substance or size used to play with, as by throwing, knocking, kicking, etc.
Ball	A general name for games in which a ball is thrown, kicked, or knocked. See Baseball, and Football.
Ball	Any solid spherical, cylindrical, or conical projectile of lead or iron, to be discharged from a firearm; as, a cannon ball; a rifle ball; -- often used collectively; as, powder and ball. Spherical balls for the smaller firearms are commonly called bullets.
Ball	A flaming, roundish body shot into the air; a case filled with combustibles intended to burst and give light or set fire, or to produce smoke or stench; as, a fire ball; a stink ball.
Ball	A leather-covered cushion, fastened to a handle called a ballstock; -- formerly used by printers for inking the form, but now superseded by the roller.
Ball	A roundish protuberant portion of some part of the body; as, the ball of the thumb; the ball of the foot.
Ball	A large pill, a form in which medicine is commonly given to horses; a bolus.
Ball	The globe or earth.
Balled	of Ball
Balling	of Ball
Ball	To gather balls which cling to the feet, as of damp snow or clay; to gather into balls; as, the horse balls; the snow balls.
Ball	To heat in a furnace and form into balls for rolling.
Ball	To form or wind into a ball; as, to ball cotton.
Ball	A social assembly for the purpose of dancing.
Ballad	A popular kind of narrative poem, adapted for recitation or singing; as, the ballad of Chevy Chase; esp., a sentimental or romantic poem in short stanzas.
Ballad	To make or sing ballads.
Ballad	To make mention of in ballads.
Ballade	A form of French versification, sometimes imitated in English, in which three or four rhymes recur through three stanzas of eight or ten lines each, the stanzas concluding with a refrain, and the whole poem with an envoy.
Ballader	A writer of ballads.
Ballad monger	A seller or maker of ballads; a poetaster.
Balladry	Ballad poems; the subject or style of ballads.
Ballahoo	Alt. of Ballahou
Ballahou	A fast-sailing schooner, used in the Bermudas and West Indies.
Ballarag	To bully; to threaten.
Ballast	Any heavy substance, as stone, iron, etc., put into the hold to sink a vessel in the water to such a depth as to prevent capsizing.
Ballast	Any heavy matter put into the car of a balloon to give it steadiness.
Ballast	Gravel, broken stone, etc., laid in the bed of a railroad to make it firm and solid.
Ballast	The larger solids, as broken stone or gravel, used in making concrete.
Ballast	Fig.: That which gives, or helps to maintain, uprightness, steadiness, and security.
Ballasted	of Ballast
Ballasting	of Ballast
Ballast	To steady, as a vessel, by putting heavy substances in the hold.
Ballast	To fill in, as the bed of a railroad, with gravel, stone, etc., in order to make it firm and solid.
Ballast	To keep steady; to steady, morally.
Ballastage	A toll paid for the privilege of taking up ballast in a port or harbor.
Ballasting	That which is used for steadying anything; ballast.
Ballatry	See Balladry.
Ballet	An artistic dance performed as a theatrical entertainment, or an interlude, by a number of persons, usually women. Sometimes, a scene accompanied by pantomime and dancing.
Ballet	The company of persons who perform the ballet.
Ballet	A light part song, or madrigal, with a fa la burden or chorus, -- most common with the Elizabethan madrigal composers.
Ballet	A bearing in coats of arms, representing one or more balls, which are denominated bezants, plates, etc., according to color.
Ball-flower	An ornament resembling a ball placed in a circular flower, the petals of which form a cup round it, -- usually inserted in a hollow molding.
Ballist/	of Ballista
Ballista	An ancient military engine, in the form of a crossbow, used for hurling large missiles.
Ballister	A crossbow.
Ballistic	Of or pertaining to the ballista, or to the art of hurling stones or missile weapons by means of an engine.
Ballistic	Pertaining to projection, or to a projectile.
Ballistics	The science or art of hurling missile weapons by the use of an engine.
Ballium	See Bailey.
Balloon	A bag made of silk or other light material, and filled with hydrogen gas or heated air, so as to rise and float in the atmosphere; especially, one with a car attached for aerial navigation.
Balloon	A ball or globe on the top of a pillar, church, etc., as at St. Paul's, in London.
Balloon	A round vessel, usually with a short neck, to hold or receive whatever is distilled; a glass vessel of a spherical form.
Balloon	A bomb or shell.
Balloon	A game played with a large inflated ball.
Balloon	The outline inclosing words represented as coming from the mouth of a pictured figure.
Balloon	To take up in, or as if in, a balloon.
Balloon	To go up or voyage in a balloon.
Balloon	To expand, or puff out, like a balloon.
Ballooned	Swelled out like a balloon.
Ballooner	One who goes up in a balloon; an aeronaut.
Balloon fish	A fish of the genus Diodon or the genus Tetraodon, having the power of distending its body by taking air or water into its dilatable esophagus. See Globefish, and Bur fish.
Ballooning	The art or practice of managing balloons or voyaging in them.
Ballooning	The process of temporarily raising the value of a stock, as by fictitious sales.
Ballooning spider	A spider which has the habit of rising into the air. Many kinds ( esp. species of Lycosa) do this while young by ejecting threads of silk until the force of the wind upon them carries the spider aloft.
Balloonist	An aeronaut.
Balloonry	The art or practice of ascending in a balloon; aeronautics.
Ballot	Originally, a ball used for secret voting. Hence: Any printed or written ticket used in voting.
Ballot	The act of voting by balls or written or printed ballots or tickets; the system of voting secretly by balls or by tickets.
Ballot	The whole number of votes cast at an election, or in a given territory or electoral district.
Balloted	of Ballot
Balloting	of Ballot
Ballot	To vote or decide by ballot; as, to ballot for a candidate.
Ballot	To vote for or in opposition to.
Ballotade	A leap of a horse, as between two pillars, or upon a straight line, so that when his four feet are in the air, he shows only the shoes of his hind feet, without jerking out.
Ballotation	Voting by ballot.
Balloter	One who votes by ballot.
Ballotin	An officer who has charge of a ballot box.
Ballow	A cudgel.
Ballproof	Incapable of being penetrated by balls from firearms.
Ballroom	A room for balls or dancing.
Balm	An aromatic plant of the genus Melissa.
Balm	The resinous and aromatic exudation of certain trees or shrubs.
Balm	Any fragrant ointment.
Balm	Anything that heals or that mitigates pain.
Balm	To anoint with balm, or with anything medicinal. Hence: To soothe; to mitigate.
Balmify	To render balmy.
Balmily	In a balmy manner.
Balmoral	A long woolen petticoat, worn immediately under the dress.
Balmoral	A kind of stout walking shoe, laced in front.
Balmy	Having the qualities of balm; odoriferous; aromatic; assuaging; soothing; refreshing; mild.
Balmy	Producing balm.
Balneal	Of or pertaining to a bath.
Balneary	A bathing room.
Balneation	The act of bathing.
Balneatory	Belonging to a bath.
Balneography	A description of baths.
Balneology	A treatise on baths; the science of bathing.
Balneotherapy	The treatment of disease by baths.
Balotade	See Ballotade.
Balsa	A raft or float, used principally on the Pacific coast of South America.
Balsam	A resin containing more or less of an essential or volatile oil.
Balsam	A species of tree (Abies balsamea).
Balsam	An annual garden plant (Impatiens balsamina) with beautiful flowers; balsamine.
Balsam	Anything that heals, soothes, or restores.
Balsam	To treat or anoint with balsam; to relieve, as with balsam; to render balsamic.
Balsamation	The act of imparting balsamic properties.
Balsamation	The art or process of embalming.
Balsamic	Alt. of Balsamical
Balsamical	Having the qualities of balsam; containing, or resembling, balsam; soft; mitigative; soothing; restorative.
Balsamiferous	Producing balsam.
Balsamine	The Impatiens balsamina, or garden balsam.
Balsamous	Having the quality of balsam; containing balsam.
Balter	To stick together.
Baltic	Of or pertaining to the sea which separates Norway and Sweden from Jutland, Denmark, and Germany; situated on the Baltic Sea.
Baltimore bird	Alt. of Baltimore oriole
Baltimore oriole	A common American bird (Icterus galbula), named after Lord Baltimore, because its colors (black and orange red) are like those of his coat of arms; -- called also golden robin.
Baluster	A small column or pilaster, used as a support to the rail of an open parapet, to guard the side of a staircase, or the front of a gallery.  See Balustrade.
Balustered	Having balusters.
Balustrade	A row of balusters topped by a rail, serving as an open parapet, as along the edge of a balcony, terrace, bridge, staircase, or the eaves of a building.
Bam	An imposition; a cheat; a hoax.
Bam	To cheat; to wheedle.
Bambino	A child or baby; esp., a representation in art of the infant Christ wrapped in swaddling clothes.
Bambino	Babe Ruth.
Bambocciade	A representation of a grotesque scene from common or rustic life.
Bamboo	A plant of the family of grasses, and genus Bambusa, growing in tropical countries.
Bamboo	To flog with the bamboo.
Bamboozled	of Bamboozle
Bamboozling	of Bamboozle
Bamboozle	To deceive by trickery; to cajole by confusing the senses; to hoax; to mystify; to humbug.
Bamboozler	A swindler; one who deceives by trickery.
Ban	A public proclamation or edict; a public order or notice, mandatory or prohibitory; a summons by public proclamation.
Ban	A calling together of the king's (esp. the French king's) vassals for military service; also, the body of vassals thus assembled or summoned. In present usage, in France and Prussia, the most effective part of the population liable to military duty and not in the standing army.
Ban	Notice of a proposed marriage, proclaimed in church. See Banns (the common spelling in this sense).
Ban	An interdiction, prohibition, or proscription.
Ban	A curse or anathema.
Ban	A pecuniary mulct or penalty laid upon a delinquent for offending against a ban; as, a mulct paid to a bishop by one guilty of sacrilege or other crimes.
Banned	of Ban
Banning	of Ban
Ban	To curse; to invoke evil upon.
Ban	To forbid; to interdict.
Ban	To curse; to swear.
Ban	An ancient title of the warden of the eastern marches of Hungary; now, a title of the viceroy of Croatia and Slavonia.
Banal	Commonplace; trivial; hackneyed; trite.
Banalities	of Banality
Banality	Something commonplace, hackneyed, or trivial; the commonplace, in speech.
Banana	A perennial herbaceous plant of almost treelike size (Musa sapientum); also, its edible fruit. See Musa.
Banat	The territory governed by a ban.
Banc	Alt. of Bank
Bancus	Alt. of Bank
Bank	A bench; a high seat, or seat of distinction or judgment; a tribunal or court.
Banco	A bank, especially that of Venice.
Band	A fillet, strap, or any narrow ligament with which a thing is encircled, or fastened, or by which a number of things are tied, bound together, or confined; a fetter.
Band	A continuous tablet, stripe, or series of ornaments, as of carved foliage, of color, or of brickwork, etc.
Band	In Gothic architecture, the molding, or suite of moldings, which encircles the pillars and small shafts.
Band	That which serves as the means of union or connection between persons; a tie.
Band	A linen collar or ruff worn in the 16th and 17th centuries.
Band	Two strips of linen hanging from the neck in front as part of a clerical, legal, or academic dress.
Band	A narrow strip of cloth or other material on any article of dress, to bind, strengthen, ornament, or complete it.
Band	A company of persons united in any common design, especially a body of armed men.
Band	A number of musicians who play together upon portable musical instruments, especially those making a loud sound, as certain wind instruments (trumpets, clarinets, etc.), and drums, or cymbals.
Band	A space between elevated lines or ribs, as of the fruits of umbelliferous plants.
Band	A stripe, streak, or other mark transverse to the axis of the body.
Band	A belt or strap.
Band	A bond
Band	Pledge; security.
Banded	of Band
Banding	of Band
Band	To bind or tie with a band.
Band	To mark with a band.
Band	To unite in a troop, company, or confederacy.
Band	To confederate for some common purpose; to unite; to conspire together.
Band	To bandy; to drive away.
Band	imp. of Bind.
Bandage	A fillet or strip of woven material, used in dressing and binding up wounds, etc.
Bandage	Something resembling a bandage; that which is bound over or round something to cover, strengthen, or compress it; a ligature.
Bandaged	of Bandage
Bandaging	of Bandage
Bandage	To bind, dress, or cover, with a bandage; as, to bandage the eyes.
Bandala	A fabric made in Manilla from the older leaf sheaths of the abaca (Musa textilis).
Bandanna	Alt. of Bandana
Bandana	A species of silk or cotton handkerchief, having a uniformly dyed ground, usually of red or blue, with white or yellow figures of a circular, lozenge, or other simple form.
Bandana	A style of calico printing, in which white or bright spots are produced upon cloth previously dyed of a uniform red or dark color, by discharging portions of the color by chemical means, while the rest of the cloth is under pressure.
Bandbox	A light box of pasteboard or thin wood, usually cylindrical, for holding ruffs (the bands of the 17th century), collars, caps, bonnets, etc.
Bandeaux	of Bandeau
Bandeau	A narrow band or fillet; a part of a head-dress.
Bandelet	Alt. of Bandlet
Bandlet	A small band or fillet; any little band or flat molding, compassing a column, like a ring.
Bander	One banded with others.
Banderole	Alt. of Bandrol
Bandrol	A little banner, flag, or streamer.
Band fish	A small red fish of the genus Cepola; the ribbon fish.
Bandicoot	A species of very large rat (Mus giganteus), found in India and Ceylon. It does much injury to rice fields and gardens.
Bandicoot	A ratlike marsupial animal (genus Perameles) of several species, found in Australia and Tasmania.
Banding plane	A plane used for cutting out grooves and inlaying strings and bands in straight and circular work.
Bandits	of Bandit
Banditti	of Bandit
Bandit	An outlaw; a brigand.
Bandle	An Irish measure of two feet in length.
Bandlet	Same as Bandelet.
Bandmaster	The conductor of a musical band.
Bandog	A mastiff or other large and fierce dog, usually kept chained or tied up.
Bandoleer	Alt. of Bandolier
Bandolier	A broad leather belt formerly worn by soldiers over the right shoulder and across the breast under the left arm. Originally it was used for supporting the musket and twelve cases for charges, but later only as a cartridge belt.
Bandolier	One of the leather or wooden cases in which the charges of powder were carried.
Bandoline	A glutinous pomatum for the fair.
Bandon	Disposal; control; license.
Bandore	A musical stringed instrument, similar in form to a guitar; a pandore.
Bandrol	Same as Banderole.
Bandy	A carriage or cart used in India, esp. one drawn by bullocks.
Bandies	of Bandy
Bandy	A club bent at the lower part for striking a ball at play; a hockey stick.
Bandy	The game played with such a club; hockey; shinney; bandy ball.
Bandied	of Bandy
Bandying	of Bandy
Bandy	To beat to and fro, as a ball in playing at bandy.
Bandy	To give and receive reciprocally; to exchange.
Bandy	To toss about, as from man to man; to agitate.
Bandy	To content, as at some game in which each strives to drive the ball his own way.
Bandy	Bent; crooked; curved laterally, esp. with the convex side outward; as, a bandy leg.
Bandy-legged	Having crooked legs.
Bane	That which destroys life, esp. poison of a deadly quality.
Bane	Destruction; death.
Bane	Any cause of ruin, or lasting injury; harm; woe.
Bane	A disease in sheep, commonly termed the rot.
Bane	To be the bane of; to ruin.
Baneberry	A genus (Actaea) of plants, of the order Ranunculaceae, native in the north temperate zone. The red or white berries are poisonous.
Baneful	Having poisonous qualities; deadly; destructive; injurious; noxious; pernicious.
Banewort	Deadly nightshade.
Banged	of Bang
Banging	of Bang
Bang	To beat, as with a club or cudgel; to treat with violence; to handle roughly.
Bang	To beat or thump, or to cause ( something) to hit or strike against another object, in such a way as to make a loud noise; as, to bang a drum or a piano; to bang a door (against the doorpost or casing) in shutting it.
Bang	To make a loud noise, as if with a blow or succession of blows; as, the window blind banged and waked me; he was banging on the piano.
Bang	A blow as with a club; a heavy blow.
Bang	The sound produced by a sudden concussion.
Bang	To cut squarely across, as the tail of a hors, or the forelock of human beings; to cut (the hair).
Bang	The short, front hair combed down over the forehead, esp. when cut squarely across; a false front of hair similarly worn.
Bang	Alt. of Bangue
Bangue	See Bhang.
Banging	Huge; great in size.
Bangle	To waste by little and little; to fritter away.
Bangle	An ornamental circlet, of glass, gold, silver, or other material, worn by women in India and Africa, and in some other countries, upon the wrist or ankle; a ring bracelet.
Banian	A Hindoo trader, merchant, cashier, or money changer.
Banian	A man's loose gown, like that worn by the Banians.
Banian	The Indian fig. See Banyan.
Banished	of Banish
Banishing	of Banish
Banish	To condemn to exile, or compel to leave one's country, by authority of the ruling power.
Banish	To drive out, as from a home or familiar place; -- used with from and out of.
Banish	To drive away; to compel to depart; to dispel.
Banisher	One who banishes.
Banishment	The act of banishing, or the state of being banished.
Banister	A stringed musical instrument having a head and neck like the guitar, and its body like a tambourine. It has five strings, and is played with the fingers and hands.
Bank	A mound, pile, or ridge of earth, raised above the surrounding level; hence, anything shaped like a mound or ridge of earth; as, a bank of clouds; a bank of snow.
Bank	A steep acclivity, as the slope of a hill, or the side of a ravine.
Bank	The margin of a watercourse; the rising ground bordering a lake, river, or sea, or forming the edge of a cutting, or other hollow.
Bank	An elevation, or rising ground, under the sea; a shoal, shelf, or shallow; as, the banks of Newfoundland.
Bank	The face of the coal at which miners are working.
Bank	A deposit of ore or coal, worked by excavations above water level.
Bank	The ground at the top of a shaft; as, ores are brought to bank.
Banked	of Bank
Banking	of Bank
Bank	To raise a mound or dike about; to inclose, defend, or fortify with a bank; to embank.
Bank	To heap or pile up; as, to bank sand.
Bank	To pass by the banks of.
Bank	A bench, as for rowers in a galley; also, a tier of oars.
Bank	The bench or seat upon which the judges sit.
Bank	The regular term of a court of law, or the full court sitting to hear arguments upon questions of law, as distinguished from a sitting at Nisi Prius, or a court held for jury trials. See Banc.
Bank	A sort of table used by printers.
Bank	A bench, or row of keys belonging to a keyboard, as in an organ.
Bank	An establishment for the custody, loan, exchange, or issue, of money, and for facilitating the transmission of funds by drafts or bills of exchange; an institution incorporated for performing one or more of such functions, or the stockholders (or their representatives, the directors), acting in their corporate capacity.
Bank	The building or office used for banking purposes.
Bank	A fund from deposits or contributions, to be used in transacting business; a joint stock or capital.
Bank	The sum of money or the checks which the dealer or banker has as a fund, from which to draw his stakes and pay his losses.
Bank	In certain games, as dominos, a fund of pieces from which the players are allowed to draw.
Bank	To deposit in a bank.
Bank	To keep a bank; to carry on the business of a banker.
Bank	To deposit money in a bank; to have an account with a banker.
Bankable	Receivable at a bank.
Bank bill	In America (and formerly in England), a promissory note of a bank payable to the bearer on demand, and used as currency; a bank note.
Bank bill	In England, a note, or a bill of exchange, of a bank, payable to order, and usually at some future specified time. Such bills are negotiable, but form, in the strict sense of the term, no part of the currency.
Bank book	A book kept by a depositor, in which an officer of a bank enters the debits and credits of the depositor's account with the bank.
Banker	One who conducts the business of banking; one who, individually, or as a member of a company, keeps an establishment for the deposit or loan of money, or for traffic in money, bills of exchange, etc.
Banker	A money changer.
Banker	The dealer, or one who keeps the bank in a gambling house.
Banker	A vessel employed in the cod fishery on the banks of Newfoundland.
Banker	A ditcher; a drain digger.
Banker	The stone bench on which masons cut or square their work.
Bankeress	A female banker.
Banking	The business of a bank or of a banker.
Bank note	A promissory note issued by a bank or banking company, payable to bearer on demand.
Bank note	Formerly, a promissory note made by a banker, or banking company, payable to a specified person at a fixed date; a bank bill. See Bank bill, 2.
Bank note	A promissory note payable at a bank.
Bankrupt	A trader who secretes himself, or does certain other acts tending to defraud his creditors.
Bankrupt	A trader who becomes unable to pay his debts; an insolvent trader; popularly, any person who is unable to pay his debts; an insolvent person.
Bankrupt	A person who, in accordance with the terms of a law relating to bankruptcy, has been judicially declared to be unable to meet his liabilities.
Bankrupt	Being a bankrupt or in a condition of bankruptcy; unable to pay, or legally discharged from paying, one's debts; as, a bankrupt merchant.
Bankrupt	Depleted of money; not having the means of meeting pecuniary liabilities; as, a bankrupt treasury.
Bankrupt	Relating to bankrupts and bankruptcy.
Bankrupt	Destitute of, or wholly wanting (something once possessed, or something one should possess).
Bankrupted	of Bankrupt
Bankrupting	of Bankrupt
Bankrupt	To make bankrupt; to bring financial ruin upon; to impoverish.
Bankruptcies	of Bankruptcy
Bankruptcy	The state of being actually or legally bankrupt.
Bankruptcy	The act or process of becoming a bankrupt.
Bankruptcy	Complete loss; -- followed by of.
Bankside	The slope of a bank, especially of the bank of a steam.
Bank-sided	Having sides inclining inwards, as a ship; -- opposed to wall-sided.
Bank swallow	See under 1st Bank, n.
Banlieue	The territory without the walls, but within the legal limits, of a town or city.
Banner	A kind of flag attached to a spear or pike by a crosspiece, and used by a chief as his standard in battle.
Banner	A large piece of silk or other cloth, with a device or motto, extended on a crosspiece, and borne in a procession, or suspended in some conspicuous place.
Banner	Any flag or standard; as, the star-spangled banner.
Bannered	Furnished with, or bearing, banners.
Banneret	Originally, a knight who led his vassals into the field under his own banner; -- commonly used as a title of rank.
Banneret	A title of rank, conferred for heroic deeds, and hence, an order of knighthood; also, the person bearing such title or rank.
Banneret	A civil officer in some Swiss cantons.
Banneret	A small banner.
Bannerol	A banderole; esp. a banner displayed at a funeral procession and set over the tomb. See Banderole.
Bannition	The act of expulsion.
Bannock	A kind of cake or bread, in shape flat and roundish, commonly made of oatmeal or barley meal and baked on an iron plate, or griddle; -- used in Scotland and the northern counties of England.
Banns	Notice of a proposed marriage, proclaimed in a church, or other place prescribed by law, in order that any person may object, if he knows of just cause why the marriage should not take place.
Banquet	A feast; a sumptuous entertainment of eating and drinking; often, a complimentary or ceremonious feast, followed by speeches.
Banquet	A dessert; a course of sweetmeats; a sweetmeat or sweetmeats.
Banqueted	of Banquet
Banqueting	of Banquet
Banquet	To treat with a banquet or sumptuous entertainment of food; to feast.
Banquet	To regale one's self with good eating and drinking; to feast.
Banquet	To partake of a dessert after a feast.
Banquetter	One who banquets; one who feasts or makes feasts.
Banquette	A raised way or foot bank, running along the inside of a parapet, on which musketeers stand to fire upon the enemy.
Banquette	A narrow window seat; a raised shelf at the back or the top of a buffet or dresser.
Banshee	Alt. of Banshie
Banshie	A supernatural being supposed by the Irish and Scotch peasantry to warn a family of the speedy death of one of its members, by wailing or singing in a mournful voice under the windows of the house.
Banstickle	A small fish, the three-spined stickleback.
Bantam	A variety of small barnyard fowl, with feathered legs, probably brought from Bantam, a district of Java.
Bantam work	Carved and painted work in imitation of Japan ware.
Banteng	The wild ox of Java (Bibos Banteng).
Bantered	of Banter
Bantering	of Banter
Banter	To address playful good-natured ridicule to, -- the person addressed, or something pertaining to him, being the subject of the jesting; to rally; as, he bantered me about my credulity.
Banter	To jest about; to ridicule in speaking of, as some trait, habit, characteristic, and the like.
Banter	To delude or trick, -- esp. by way of jest.
Banter	To challenge or defy to a match.
Banter	The act of bantering; joking or jesting; humorous or good-humored raillery; pleasantry.
Banterer	One who banters or rallies.
Bantingism	A method of reducing corpulence by avoiding food containing much farinaceous, saccharine, or oily matter; -- so called from William Banting of London.
Bantling	A young or small child; an infant. [Slightly contemptuous or depreciatory.]
Banxring	An East Indian insectivorous mammal of the genus Tupaia.
Banyan	A tree of the same genus as the common fig, and called the Indian fig (Ficus Indica), whose branches send shoots to the ground, which take root and become additional trunks, until it may be the tree covers some acres of ground and is able to shelter thousands of men.
Baobab	A gigantic African tree (Adansonia digitata), also naturalized in India. See Adansonia.
Baphomet	An idol or symbolical figure which the Templars were accused of using in their mysterious rites.
Baptism	The act of baptizing; the application of water to a person, as a sacrament or religious ceremony, by which he is initiated into the visible church of Christ. This is performed by immersion, sprinkling, or pouring.
Baptismal	Pertaining to baptism; as, baptismal vows.
Baptismally	In a baptismal manner.
Baptist	One who administers baptism; -- specifically applied to John, the forerunner of Christ.
Baptist	One of a denomination of Christians who deny the validity of infant baptism and of sprinkling, and maintain that baptism should be administered to believers alone, and should be by immersion. See Anabaptist.
Baptisteries	of Baptistry
-tries	of Baptistry
Baptistery	Alt. of Baptistry
Baptistry	In early times, a separate building, usually polygonal, used for baptismal services. Small churches were often changed into baptisteries when larger churches were built near.
Baptistry	A part of a church containing a font and used for baptismal services.
Baptistic	Of or for baptism; baptismal.
Baptistical	Baptistic.
Baptizable	Capable of being baptized; fit to be baptized.
Baptization	Baptism.
Baptized	of Baptize
Baptizing	of Baptize
Baptize	To administer the sacrament of baptism to.
Baptize	To christen ( because a name is given to infants at their baptism); to give a name to; to name.
Baptize	To sanctify; to consecrate.
Baptizement	The act of baptizing.
Baptizer	One who baptizes.
Bar	A piece of wood, metal, or other material, long in proportion to its breadth or thickness, used as a lever and for various other purposes, but especially for a hindrance, obstruction, or fastening; as, the bars of a fence or gate; the bar of a door.
Bar	An indefinite quantity of some substance, so shaped as to be long in proportion to its breadth and thickness; as, a bar of gold or of lead; a bar of soap.
Bar	Anything which obstructs, hinders, or prevents; an obstruction; a barrier.
Bar	A bank of sand, gravel, or other matter, esp. at the mouth of a river or harbor, obstructing navigation.
Bar	Any railing that divides a room, or office, or hall of assembly, in order to reserve a space for those having special privileges; as, the bar of the House of Commons.
Bar	The railing that incloses the place which counsel occupy in courts of justice. Hence, the phrase at the bar of the court signifies in open court.
Bar	The place in court where prisoners are stationed for arraignment, trial, or sentence.
Bar	The whole body of lawyers licensed in a court or district; the legal profession.
Bar	A special plea constituting a sufficient answer to plaintiff's action.
Bar	Any tribunal; as, the bar of public opinion; the bar of God.
Bar	A barrier or counter, over which liquors and food are passed to customers; hence, the portion of the room behind the counter where liquors for sale are kept.
Bar	An ordinary, like a fess but narrower, occupying only one fifth part of the field.
Bar	A broad shaft, or band, or stripe; as, a bar of light; a bar of color.
Bar	A vertical line across the staff. Bars divide the staff into spaces which represent measures, and are themselves called measures.
Bar	The space between the tusks and grinders in the upper jaw of a horse, in which the bit is placed.
Bar	The part of the crust of a horse's hoof which is bent inwards towards the frog at the heel on each side, and extends into the center of the sole.
Bar	A drilling or tamping rod.
Bar	A vein or dike crossing a lode.
Bar	A gatehouse of a castle or fortified town.
Bar	A slender strip of wood which divides and supports the glass of a window; a sash bar.
Barred	of Bar
Barring	of Bar
Bar	To fasten with a bar; as, to bar a door or gate.
Bar	To restrict or confine, as if by a bar; to hinder; to obstruct; to prevent; to prohibit; as, to bar the entrance of evil; distance bars our intercourse; the statute bars my right; the right is barred by time; a release bars the plaintiff's recovery; -- sometimes with up.
Bar	To except; to exclude by exception.
Bar	To cross with one or more stripes or lines.
Barb	Beard, or that which resembles it, or grows in the place of it.
Barb	A muffler, worn by nuns and mourners.
Barb	Paps, or little projections, of the mucous membrane, which mark the opening of the submaxillary glands under the tongue in horses and cattle. The name is mostly applied when the barbs are inflamed and swollen.
Barb	The point that stands backward in an arrow, fishhook, etc., to prevent it from being easily extracted. Hence: Anything which stands out with a sharp point obliquely or crosswise to something else.
Barb	A bit for a horse.
Barb	One of the side branches of a feather, which collectively constitute the vane. See Feather.
Barb	A southern name for the kingfishes of the eastern and southeastern coasts of the United States; -- also improperly called whiting.
Barb	A hair or bristle ending in a double hook.
Barbed	of Barb
Barbing	of Barb
Barb	To shave or dress the beard of.
Barb	To clip; to mow.
Barb	To furnish with barbs, or with that which will hold or hurt like barbs, as an arrow, fishhook, spear, etc.
Barb	The Barbary horse, a superior breed introduced from Barbary into Spain by the Moors.
Barb	A blackish or dun variety of the pigeon, originally brought from Barbary.
Barb	Armor for a horse. Same as 2d Bard, n., 1.
Barbacan	See Barbican.
Barbacanage	See Barbicanage.
Barbadian	Of or pertaining to Barbados.
Barbadian	A native of Barbados.
Barbados	Alt. of Barbadoes
Barbadoes	A West Indian island, giving its name to a disease, to a cherry, etc.
Barbara	The first word in certain mnemonic lines which represent the various forms of the syllogism. It indicates a syllogism whose three propositions are universal affirmatives.
Barbaresque	Barbaric in form or style; as, barbaresque architecture.
Barbarian	A foreigner.
Barbarian	A man in a rule, savage, or uncivilized state.
Barbarian	A person destitute of culture.
Barbarian	A cruel, savage, brutal man; one destitute of pity or humanity.
Barbarian	Of, or pertaining to, or resembling, barbarians; rude; uncivilized; barbarous; as, barbarian governments or nations.
Barbaic	Of, or from, barbarian nations; foreign; -- often with reference to barbarous nations of east.
Barbaic	Of or pertaining to, or resembling, an uncivilized person or people; barbarous; barbarian; destitute of refinement.
Barbarism	An uncivilized state or condition; rudeness of manners; ignorance of arts, learning, and literature; barbarousness.
Barbarism	A barbarous, cruel, or brutal action; an outrage.
Barbarism	An offense against purity of style or language; any form of speech contrary to the pure idioms of a particular language. See Solecism.
Barbarities	of Barbarity
Barbarity	The state or manner of a barbarian; lack of civilization.
Barbarity	Cruelty; ferociousness; inhumanity.
Barbarity	A barbarous or cruel act.
Barbarity	Barbarism; impurity of speech.
Barbarized	of Barbarize
Barbarizing	of Barbarize
Barbarize	To become barbarous.
Barbarize	To adopt a foreign or barbarous mode of speech.
Barbarize	To make barbarous.
Barbarous	Being in the state of a barbarian; uncivilized; rude; peopled with barbarians; as, a barbarous people; a barbarous country.
Barbarous	Foreign; adapted to a barbaric taste.
Barbarous	Cruel; ferocious; inhuman; merciless.
Barbarous	Contrary to the pure idioms of a language.
Barbarously	In a barbarous manner.
Barbarousness	The quality or state of being barbarous; barbarity; barbarism.
Barbary	The countries on the north coast of Africa from Egypt to the Atlantic. Hence: A Barbary horse; a barb. [Obs.] Also, a kind of pigeon.
Barbastel	A European bat (Barbastellus communis), with hairy lips.
Barbate	Bearded; beset with long and weak hairs.
Barbated	Having barbed points.
Barbecue	A hog, ox, or other large animal roasted or broiled whole for a feast.
Barbecue	A social entertainment, where many people assemble, usually in the open air, at which one or more large animals are roasted or broiled whole.
Barbecue	A floor, on which coffee beans are sun-dried.
Barbecued	of Barbecue
Barbecuing	of Barbecue
Barbecue	To dry or cure by exposure on a frame or gridiron.
Barbecue	To roast or broil whole, as an ox or hog.
Barbed	Accoutered with defensive armor; -- said of a horse. See Barded ( which is the proper form.)
Barbed	Furnished with a barb or barbs; as, a barbed arrow; barbed wire.
Barbel	A slender tactile organ on the lips of certain fished.
Barbel	A large fresh-water fish ( Barbus vulgaris) found in many European rivers. Its upper jaw is furnished with four barbels.
Barbel	Barbs or paps under the tongued of horses and cattle. See 1st Barb, 3.
Barbellate	Having short, stiff hairs, often barbed at the point.
Barbellulate	Barbellate with diminutive hairs or barbs.
Barber	One whose occupation it is to shave or trim the beard, and to cut and dress the hair of his patrons.
Barbered	of Barber
Barbering	of Barber
Barber	To shave and dress the beard or hair of.
Barber fish	See Surgeon fish.
Barbermonger	A fop.
Barberry	A shrub of the genus Berberis, common along roadsides and in neglected fields. B. vulgaris is the species best known; its oblong red berries are made into a preserve or sauce, and have been deemed efficacious in fluxes and fevers. The bark dyes a fine yellow, esp. the bark of the root.
Barbet	A variety of small dog, having long curly hair.
Barbet	A bird of the family Bucconidae, allied to the Cuckoos, having a large, conical beak swollen at the base, and bearded with five bunches of stiff bristles; the puff bird. It inhabits tropical America and Africa.
Barbet	A larva that feeds on aphides.
Barbette	A mound of earth or a platform in a fortification, on which guns are mounted to fire over the parapet.
Barbican	Alt. of Barbacan
Barbacan	A tower or advanced work defending the entrance to a castle or city, as at a gate or bridge. It was often large and strong, having a ditch and drawbridge of its own.
Barbacan	An opening in the wall of a fortress, through which missiles were discharged upon an enemy.
Barbicanage	Alt. of Barbacanage
Barbacanage	Money paid for the support of a barbican.
Barbicel	One of the small hooklike processes on the barbules of feathers.
Barbiers	A variety of paralysis, peculiar to India and the Malabar coast; -- considered by many to be the same as beriberi in chronic form.
Barbigerous	Having a beard; bearded; hairy.
Barbiton	An ancient Greek instrument resembling a lyre.
Barbituric acid	A white, crystalline substance, CH2(CO.NH)2.CO, derived from alloxantin, also from malonic acid and urea, and regarded as a substituted urea.
Barble	See Barbel.
Barbotine	A paste of clay used in decorating coarse pottery in relief.
Barbre	Barbarian.
Barbule	A very minute barb or beard.
Barbule	One of the processes along the edges of the barbs of a feather, by which adjacent barbs interlock. See Feather.
Barcarolle	A popular song or melody sung by Venetian gondoliers.
Barcarolle	A piece of music composed in imitation of such a song.
Barcon	A vessel for freight; -- used in Mediterranean.
Bard	A professional poet and singer, as among the ancient Celts, whose occupation was to compose and sing verses in honor of the heroic achievements of princes and brave men.
Bard	Hence: A poet; as, the bard of Avon.
Bard	Alt. of Barde
Barde	A piece of defensive (or, sometimes, ornamental) armor for a horse's neck, breast, and flanks; a barb. [Often in the pl.]
Barde	Defensive armor formerly worn by a man at arms.
Barde	A thin slice of fat bacon used to cover any meat or game.
Bard	To cover (meat or game) with a thin slice of fat bacon.
Barded	Accoutered with defensive armor; -- said of a horse.
Barded	Wearing rich caparisons.
Bardic	Of or pertaining to bards, or their poetry.
Bardish	Pertaining to, or written by, a bard or bards.
Bardism	The system of bards; the learning and maxims of bards.
Bardling	An inferior bard.
Bardship	The state of being a bard.
Bare	Without clothes or covering; stripped of the usual covering; naked; as, his body is bare; the trees are bare.
Bare	With head uncovered; bareheaded.
Bare	Without anything to cover up or conceal one's thoughts or actions; open to view; exposed.
Bare	Plain; simple; unadorned; without polish; bald; meager.
Bare	Destitute; indigent; empty; unfurnished or scantily furnished; -- used with of  (rarely with in) before the thing wanting or taken away; as, a room bare of furniture.
Bare	Threadbare; much worn.
Bare	Mere; alone; unaccompanied by anything else; as, a bare majority.
Bare	Surface; body; substance.
Bare	That part of a roofing slate, shingle, tile, or metal plate, which is exposed to the weather.
Bared	of Bare
Baring	of Bare
Bare	To strip off the covering of; to make bare; as, to bare the breast.
Bare	Bore; the old preterit of Bear, v.
Bareback	On the bare back of a horse, without using a saddle; as, to ride bareback.
Barebacked	Having the back uncovered; as, a barebacked horse.
Barebone	A very lean person; one whose bones show through the skin.
Barefaced	With the face uncovered; not masked.
Barefaced	Without concealment; undisguised. Hence: Shameless; audacious.
Barefacedly	Openly; shamelessly.
Barefacedness	The quality of being barefaced; shamelessness; assurance; audaciousness.
Barefoot	With the feet bare; without shoes or stockings.
Barefooted	Having the feet bare.
Barege	A gauzelike fabric for ladies' dresses, veils, etc. of worsted, silk and worsted, or cotton and worsted.
Barehanded	Having bare hands.
Bareheaded	Alt. of Barehead
Barehead	Having the head uncovered; as, a bareheaded girl.
Barelegged	Having the legs bare.
Barely	Without covering; nakedly.
Barely	Without concealment or disguise.
Barely	Merely; only.
Barely	But just; without any excess; with nothing to spare ( of quantity, time, etc.); hence, scarcely; hardly; as, there was barely enough for all; he barely escaped.
Barenecked	Having the neck bare.
Bareness	The state of being bare.
Baresark	A Berserker, or Norse warrior who fought without armor, or shirt of mail. Hence, adverbially: Without shirt of mail or armor.
Barfish	Same as Calico bass.
Barful	Full of obstructions.
Bargain	An agreement between parties concerning the sale of property; or a contract by which one party binds himself to transfer the right to some property for a consideration, and the other party binds himself to receive the property and pay the consideration.
Bargain	An agreement or stipulation; mutual pledge.
Bargain	A purchase; also ( when not qualified), a gainful transaction; an advantageous purchase; as, to buy a thing at a bargain.
Bargain	The thing stipulated or purchased; also, anything bought cheap.
Bargain	To make a bargain; to make a contract for the exchange of property or services; -- followed by with and for; as, to bargain with a farmer for a cow.
Bargained	of Bargain
Bargaining	of Bargain
Bargain	To transfer for a consideration; to barter; to trade; as, to bargain one horse for another.
Bargainee	The party to a contract who receives, or agrees to receive, the property sold.
Bargainer	One who makes a bargain; -- sometimes in the sense of bargainor.
Bargainor	One who makes a bargain, or contracts with another; esp., one who sells, or contracts to sell, property to another.
Barge	A pleasure boat; a vessel or boat of state, elegantly furnished and decorated.
Barge	A large, roomy boat for the conveyance of passengers or goods; as, a ship's barge; a charcoal barge.
Barge	A large boat used by flag officers.
Barge	A double-decked passenger or freight vessel, towed by a steamboat.
Barge	A large omnibus used for excursions.
Bargeboard	A vergeboard.
Bargecourse	A part of the tiling which projects beyond the principal rafters, in buildings where there is a gable.
Bargee	A bargeman.
Bargeman	The man who manages a barge, or one of the crew of a barge.
Bargemastter	The proprietor or manager of a barge, or one of the crew of a barge.
Barger	The manager of a barge.
Barghest	A goblin, in the shape of a large dog, portending misfortune.
Baria	Baryta.
Baric	Of or pertaining to barium; as, baric oxide.
Baric	Of or pertaining to weight, esp. to the weight or pressure of the atmosphere as measured by the barometer.
Barilla	A name given to several species of Salsola from which soda is made, by burning the barilla in heaps and lixiviating the ashes.
Barilla	The alkali produced from the plant, being an impure carbonate of soda, used for making soap, glass, etc., and for bleaching purposes.
Barilla	Impure soda obtained from the ashes of any seashore plant, or kelp.
Barillet	A little cask, or something resembling one.
Bar iron	See under Iron.
Barite	Native sulphate of barium, a mineral occurring in transparent, colorless, white to yellow crystals (generally tabular), also in granular form, and in compact massive forms resembling marble. It has a high specific gravity, and hence is often called heavy spar. It is a common mineral in metallic veins.
Baritone	See Barytone.
Barium	One of the elements, belonging to the alkaline earth group; a metal having a silver-white color, and melting at a very high temperature. It is difficult to obtain the pure metal, from the facility with which it becomes oxidized in the air. Atomic weight, 137.  Symbol, Ba. Its oxide called baryta.
Bard	The exterior covering of the trunk and branches of a tree; the rind.
Bard	Specifically, Peruvian bark.
Barked	of Bark
Barking	of Bark
Bark	To strip the bark from; to peel.
Bark	To abrade or rub off any outer covering from; as to bark one's heel.
Bark	To girdle. See Girdle, v. t., 3.
Bark	To cover or inclose with bark, or as with bark; as, to bark the roof of a hut.
Bark	To make a short, loud, explosive noise with the vocal organs; -- said of some animals, but especially of dogs.
Bark	To make a clamor; to make importunate outcries.
Bark	The short, loud, explosive sound uttered by a dog; a similar sound made by some other animals.
Bark	Alt. of Barque
Barque	Formerly, any small sailing vessel, as a pinnace, fishing smack, etc.; also, a rowing boat; a barge. Now applied poetically to a sailing vessel or boat of any kind.
Barque	A three-masted vessel, having her foremast and mainmast square-rigged, and her mizzenmast schooner-rigged.
Barkantine	Same as Barkentine.
Bark beetle	A small beetle of many species (family Scolytidae), which in the larval state bores under or in the bark of trees, often doing great damage.
Barkbound	Prevented from growing, by having the bark too firm or close.
Barkeeper	One who keeps or tends a bar for the sale of liquors.
Barken	Made of bark.
Barkentine	A threemasted vessel, having the foremast square-rigged, and the others schooner-rigged. [Spelled also barquentine, barkantine, etc.] See Illust. in Append.
Barker	An animal that barks; hence, any one who clamors unreasonably.
Barker	One who stands at the doors of shops to urg/ passers by to make purchases.
Barker	A pistol.
Barker	The spotted redshank.
Barker	One who strips trees of their bark.
Barker's mill	A machine, invented in the 17th century, worked by a form of reaction wheel. The water flows into a vertical tube and gushes from apertures in hollow horizontal arms, causing the machine to revolve on its axis.
Barkery	A tanhouse.
Barking irons	Instruments used in taking off the bark of trees.
Barking irons	A pair of pistols.
Barkless	Destitute of bark.
Bark louse	An insect of the family Coccidae, which infests the bark of trees and vines.
Barky	Covered with, or containing, bark.
Barley	A valuable grain, of the family of grasses, genus Hordeum, used for food, and for making malt, from which are prepared beer, ale, and whisky.
Barleybrake	Alt. of Barleybreak
Barleybreak	An ancient rural game, commonly played round stacks of barley, or other grain, in which some of the party attempt to catch others who run from a goal.
Barley-bree	Liquor made from barley; strong ale.
Barleycorn	A grain or "corn" of barley.
Barleycorn	Formerly , a measure of length, equal to the average length of a grain of barley; the third part of an inch.
Barm	Foam rising upon beer, or other malt liquors, when fermenting, and used as leaven in making bread and in brewing; yeast.
Barm	The lap or bosom.
Barmaid	A girl or woman who attends the customers of a bar, as in a tavern or beershop.
Barmaster	Formerly, a local judge among miners; now, an officer of the barmote.
Barmcloth	Apron.
Barmecidal	Unreal; illusory.
Barmecide	One who proffers some illusory advantage or benefit. Also used as an adj.: Barmecidal.
Barmote	A court held in Derbyshire, in England, for deciding controversies between miners.
Balmy	Full of barm or froth; in a ferment.
Barn	A covered building used chiefly for storing grain, hay, and other productions of a farm. In the United States a part of the barn is often used for stables.
Barn	To lay up in a barn.
Barn	A child. [Obs.] See Bairn.
Barnabite	A member of a religious order, named from St. Barnabas.
Barnacle	Any cirriped crustacean adhering to rocks, floating timber, ships, etc., esp. (a) the sessile species (genus Balanus and allies), and (b) the stalked or goose barnacles (genus Lepas and allies). See Cirripedia, and Goose barnacle.
Barnacle	A bernicle goose.
Barnacle	An instrument for pinching a horse's nose, and thus restraining him.
Barnacle	Spectacles; -- so called from their resemblance to the barnacles used by farriers.
Barnyard	A yard belonging to a barn.
Barocco	See Baroque.
Barograph	An instrument for recording automatically the variations of atmospheric pressure.
Baroko	A form or mode of syllogism of which the first proposition is a universal affirmative, and the other two are particular negative.
Barology	The science of weight or gravity.
Baromacrometer	An instrument for ascertaining the weight and length of a newborn infant.
Barometer	An instrument for determining the weight or pressure of the atmosphere, and hence for judging of the probable changes of weather, or for ascertaining the height of any ascent.
Barometric	Alt. of Barometrical
Barometrical	Pertaining to the barometer; made or indicated by a barometer; as, barometric changes; barometrical observations.
Barometrically	By means of a barometer, or according to barometric observations.
Barometrograph	A form of barometer so constructed as to inscribe of itself upon paper a record of the variations of atmospheric pressure.
Barometry	The art or process of making barometrical measurements.
Barometz	The woolly-skinned rhizoma or rootstock of a fern (Dicksonia barometz), which, when specially prepared and inverted, somewhat resembles a lamb; -- called also Scythian lamb.
Baron	A title or degree of nobility; originally, the possessor of a fief, who had feudal tenants under him; in modern times, in France and Germany, a nobleman next in rank below a count; in England, a nobleman of the lowest grade in the House of Lords, being next below a viscount.
Baron	A husband; as, baron and feme, husband and wife.
Baronage	The whole body of barons or peers.
Baronage	The dignity or rank of a baron.
Baronage	The land which gives title to a baron.
Baroness	A baron's wife; also, a lady who holds the baronial title in her own right; as, the Baroness Burdett-Coutts.
Baronet	A dignity or degree of honor next below a baron and above a knight, having precedency of all orders of knights except those of the Garter. It is the lowest degree of honor that is hereditary. The baronets are commoners.
Baronetage	State or rank of a baronet.
Baronetage	The collective body of baronets.
Baronetcy	The rank or patent of a baronet.
Baronial	Pertaining to a baron or a barony.
Baronies	of Barony
Barony	The fee or domain of a baron; the lordship, dignity, or rank of a baron.
Barony	In Ireland, a territorial division, corresponding nearly to the English hundred, and supposed to have been originally the district of a native chief. There are 252  of these baronies. In Scotland, an extensive freehold. It may be held by a commoner.
Baroque	In bad taste; grotesque; odd.
Baroscope	Any instrument showing the changes in the weight of the atmosphere; also, less appropriately, any instrument that indicates -or foreshadows changes of the weather, as a deep vial of liquid holding in suspension some substance which rises and falls with atmospheric changes.
Baroscopic	Alt. of Baroscopical
Baroscopical	Pertaining to, or determined by, the baroscope.
Barouche	A four-wheeled carriage, with a falling top, a seat on the outside for the driver, and two double seats on the inside arranged so that the sitters on the front seat face those on the back seat.
Barouchet	A kind of light barouche.
Barpost	A post sunk in the ground to receive the bars closing a passage into a field.
Barque	Same as 3d Bark, n.
Barracan	A thick, strong stuff, somewhat like camlet; -- still used for outer garments in the Levant.
Barrack	A building for soldiers, especially when in garrison. Commonly in the pl., originally meaning temporary huts, but now usually applied to a permanent structure or set of buildings.
Barrack	A movable roof sliding on four posts, to cover hay, straw, etc.
Barrack	To supply with barracks; to establish in barracks; as, to barrack troops.
Barrack	To live or lodge in barracks.
Barraclade	A home-made woolen blanket without nap.
Barracoon	A slave warehouse, or an inclosure where slaves are quartered temporarily.
Barracuda	Alt. of Barracouata
Barracouata	A voracious pikelike, marine fish, of the genus Sphyraena, sometimes used as food.
Barracouata	A large edible fresh-water fish of Australia and New Zealand (Thyrsites atun).
Barrage	An artificial bar or obstruction placed in a river or water course to increase the depth of water; as, the barrages of the Nile.
Barranca	A ravine caused by heavy rains or a watercourse.
Barras	A resin, called also galipot.
Barrator	One guilty of barratry.
Barratrous	Tainter with, or constituting, barratry.
Barratry	The practice of exciting and encouraging lawsuits and quarrels.
Barratry	A fraudulent breach of duty or willful act of known illegality on the part of a master of a ship, in his character of master, or of the mariners, to the injury of the owner of the ship or cargo, and without his consent. It includes every breach of trust committed with dishonest purpose, as by running away with the ship, sinking or deserting her, etc., or by embezzling the cargo.
Barratry	The crime of a judge who is influenced by bribery in pronouncing judgment.
Barred owl	A large American owl (Syrnium nebulosum); -- so called from the transverse bars of a dark brown color on the breast.
Barrel	A round vessel or cask, of greater length than breadth, and bulging in the middle, made of staves bound with hoops, and having flat ends or heads.
Barrel	The quantity which constitutes a full barrel. This varies for different articles and also in different places for the same article, being regulated by custom or by law. A barrel of wine is 31/ gallons; a barrel of flour is 196 pounds.
Barrel	A solid drum, or a hollow cylinder or case; as, the barrel of a windlass; the barrel of a watch, within which the spring is coiled.
Barrel	A metallic tube, as of a gun, from which a projectile is discharged.
Barrel	A jar.
Barrel	The hollow basal part of a feather.
Barreled	of Barrel
Barrelled	of Barrel
Barreling	of Barrel
Barrelling	of Barrel
Barrel	To put or to pack in a barrel or barrels.
Barreled	Alt. of Barrelled
Barrelled	Having a barrel; -- used in composition; as, a double-barreled gun.
Barren	Incapable of producing offspring; producing no young; sterile; -- said of women and female animals.
Barren	Not producing vegetation, or useful vegetation; /rile.
Barren	Unproductive; fruitless; unprofitable; empty.
Barren	Mentally dull; stupid.
Barren	A tract of barren land.
Barren	Elevated lands or plains on which grow small trees, but not timber; as, pine barrens; oak barrens. They are not necessarily sterile, and are often fertile.
Barrenly	Unfruitfully; unproductively.
Barrenness	The condition of being barren; sterility; unproductiveness.
Barrenwort	An herbaceous plant of the Barberry family (Epimedium alpinum), having leaves that are bitter and said to be sudorific.
Barret	A kind of cap formerly worn by soldiers; -- called also barret cap. Also, the flat cap worn by Roman Catholic ecclesiastics.
Barricade	A fortification, made in haste, of trees, earth, palisades, wagons, or anything that will obstruct the progress or attack of an enemy. It is usually an obstruction formed in streets to block an enemy's access.
Barricade	Any bar, obstruction, or means of defense.
Barricaded	of Barricade
Barricading	of Barricade
Barricade	To fortify or close with a barricade or with barricades; to stop up, as a passage; to obstruct; as, the workmen barricaded the streets of Paris.
Barricader	One who constructs barricades.
Barricado	See Barricade.
Barrier	A carpentry obstruction, stockade, or other obstacle made in a passage in order to stop an enemy.
Barrier	A fortress or fortified town, on the frontier of a country, commanding an avenue of approach.
Barrier	A fence or railing to mark the limits of a place, or to keep back a crowd.
Barrier	An any obstruction; anything which hinders approach or attack.
Barrier	Any limit or boundary; a line of separation.
Barrigudo	A large, dark-colored, South American monkey, of the genus Lagothrix, having a long prehensile tail.
Barringout	The act of closing the doors of a schoolroom against a schoolmaster; -- a boyish mode of rebellion in schools.
Barrister	Counselor at law; a counsel admitted to plead at the bar, and undertake the public trial of causes, as distinguished from an attorney or solicitor. See Attorney.
Barroom	A room containing a bar or counter at which liquors are sold.
Barrow	A support having handles, and with or without a wheel, on which heavy or bulky things can be transported by hand. See Handbarrow, and Wheelbarrow.
Barrow	A wicker case, in which salt is put to drain.
Barrow	A hog, esp. a male hog castrated.
Barrow	A large mound of earth or stones over the remains of the dead; a tumulus.
Barrow	A heap of rubbish, attle, etc.
Barrowist	A follower of Henry Barrowe, one of the founders of Independency or Congregationalism in England. Barrowe was executed for nonconformity in 1953.
Barrulet	A diminutive of the bar, having one fourth its width.
Barruly	Traversed by barrulets or small bars; -- said of the field.
Barry	Divided into bars; -- said of the field.
Barse	The common perch. See 1st Bass.
Bartender	A barkeeper.
Bartered	of Barter
Bartering	of Barter
Barter	To traffic or trade, by exchanging one commodity for another, in distinction from a sale and purchase, in which money is paid for the commodities transferred; to truck.
Barter	To trade or exchange in the way of barter; to exchange (frequently for an unworthy consideration); to traffic; to truck; -- sometimes followed by away; as, to barter away goods or honor.
Barter	The act or practice of trafficking by exchange of commodities; an exchange of goods.
Barter	The thing given in exchange.
Barterer	One who barters.
Bartery	Barter.
Barth	A place of shelter for cattle.
Bartholomew tide	Time of the festival of St. Bartholomew, August 24th.
Bartizan	A small, overhanging structure for lookout or defense, usually projecting at an angle of a building or near an entrance gateway.
Bartlett	A Bartlett pear, a favorite kind of pear, which originated in England about 1770, and was called Williams' Bonchretien. It was brought to America, and distributed by Mr. Enoch Bartlett, of Dorchester, Massachusetts.
Barton	The demesne lands of a manor; also, the manor itself.
Barton	A farmyard.
Bartram	See Bertram.
Barway	A passage into a field or yard, closed by bars made to take out of the posts.
Barwise	Horizontally.
Barwood	A red wood of a leguminous tree (Baphia nitida), from Angola and the Gaboon in Africa. It is used as a dyewood, and also for ramrods, violin bows and turner's work.
Barycentric	Of or pertaining to the center of gravity. See Barycentric calculus, under Calculus.
Baryphony	Difficulty of speech.
Baryta	An oxide of barium (or barytum); a heavy earth with a specific gravity above 4.
Barytes	Barium sulphate, generally called heavy spar or barite. See Barite.
Barytic	Of or pertaining to baryta.
Baryto-calcite	A mineral of a white or gray color, occurring massive or crystallized. It is a compound of the carbonates of barium and calcium.
Barytone	Alt. of Baritone
Baritone	Grave and deep, as a kind of male voice.
Baritone	Not marked with an accent on the last syllable, the grave accent being understood.
Barytone	Alt. of Baritone
Baritone	A male voice, the compass of which partakes of the common bass and the tenor, but which does not descend as low as the one, nor rise as high as the other.
Baritone	A person having a voice of such range.
Baritone	The viola di gamba, now entirely disused.
Baritone	A word which has no accent marked on the last syllable, the grave accent being understood.
Barytum	The metal barium. See Barium.
Basal	Relating to, or forming, the base.
Basal-nerved	Having the nerves radiating from the base; -- said of leaves.
Basalt	A rock of igneous origin, consisting of augite and triclinic feldspar, with grains of magnetic or titanic iron, and also bottle-green particles of olivine frequently disseminated.
Basalt	An imitation, in pottery, of natural basalt; a kind of black porcelain.
Basaltic	Pertaining to basalt; formed of, or containing, basalt; as basaltic lava.
Basaltiform	In the form of basalt; columnar.
Basaltoid	Formed like basalt; basaltiform.
Basan	Same as Basil, a sheepskin.
Basanite	Lydian stone, or black jasper, a variety of siliceous or flinty slate, of a grayish or bluish black color. It is employed to test the purity of gold, the amount of alloy being indicated by the color left on the stone when rubbed by the metal.
Basbleu	A bluestocking; a literary woman.
Bascinet	A light helmet, at first open, but later made with a visor.
Bascule	In mechanics an apparatus on the principle of the seesaw, in which one end rises as the other falls.
Base	Of little, or less than the usual, height; of low growth; as, base shrubs.
Base	Low in place or position.
Base	Of humble birth; or low degree; lowly; mean.
Base	Illegitimate by birth; bastard.
Base	Of little comparative value, as metal inferior to gold and silver, the precious metals.
Base	Alloyed with inferior metal; debased; as, base coin; base bullion.
Base	Morally low. Hence: Low-minded; unworthy; without dignity of sentiment; ignoble; mean; illiberal; menial; as, a base fellow; base motives; base occupations.
Base	Not classical or correct.
Base	Deep or grave in sound; as, the base tone of a violin.
Base	Not held by honorable service; as, a base estate, one held by services not honorable; held by villenage. Such a tenure is called base, or low, and the tenant, a base tenant.
Base	The bottom of anything, considered as its support, or that on which something rests for support; the foundation; as, the base of a statue.
Base	Fig.: The fundamental or essential part of a thing; the essential principle; a groundwork.
Base	The lower part of a wall, pier, or column, when treated as a separate feature, usually in projection, or especially ornamented.
Base	The lower part of a complete architectural design, as of a monument; also, the lower part of any elaborate piece of furniture or decoration.
Base	That extremity of a leaf, fruit, etc., at which it is attached to its support.
Base	The positive, or non-acid component of a salt; a substance which, combined with an acid, neutralizes the latter and forms a salt; -- applied also to the hydroxides of the positive elements or radicals, and to certain organic bodies resembling them in their property of forming salts with acids.
Base	The chief ingredient in a compound.
Base	A substance used as a mordant.
Base	The exterior side of the polygon, or that imaginary line which connects the salient angles of two adjacent bastions.
Base	The line or surface constituting that part of a figure on which it is supposed to stand.
Base	The number from which a mathematical table is constructed; as, the base of a system of logarithms.
Base	A low, or deep, sound. (Mus.) (a) The lowest part; the deepest male voice. (b) One who sings, or the instrument which plays, base.
Base	A place or tract of country, protected by fortifications, or by natural advantages, from which the operations of an army proceed, forward movements are made, supplies are furnished, etc.
Base	The smallest kind of cannon.
Base	That part of an organ by which it is attached to another more central organ.
Base	The basal plane of a crystal.
Base	The ground mass of a rock, especially if not distinctly crystalline.
Base	The lower part of the field. See Escutcheon.
Base	The housing of a horse.
Base	A kind of skirt ( often of velvet or brocade, but sometimes of mailed armor) which hung from the middle to about the knees, or lower.
Base	The lower part of a robe or petticoat.
Base	An apron.
Base	The point or line from which a start is made; a starting place or a goal in various games.
Base	A line in a survey which, being accurately determined in length and position, serves as the origin from which to compute the distances and positions of any points or objects connected with it by a system of triangles.
Base	A rustic play; -- called also prisoner's base, prison base, or bars.
Base	Any one of the four bounds which mark the circuit of the infield.
Based	of Base
Basing	of Base
Base	To put on a base or basis; to lay the foundation of; to found, as an argument or conclusion; -- used with on or upon.
Base	To abase; to let, or cast, down; to lower.
Base	To reduce the value of; to debase.
Baseball	A game of ball, so called from the bases or bounds ( four in number) which designate the circuit which each player must endeavor to make after striking the ball.
Baseball	The ball used in this game.
Baseboard	A board, or other woodwork, carried round the walls of a room and touching the floor, to form a base and protect the plastering; -- also called washboard (in England), mopboard, and scrubboard.
Baseborn	Born out of wedlock.
Baseborn	Born of low parentage.
Baseborn	Vile; mean.
Base-burner	A furnace or stove in which the fuel is contained in a hopper or chamber, and is fed to the fire as the lower stratum is consumed.
Base-court	The secondary, inferior, or rear courtyard of a large house; the outer court of a castle.
Base-court	An inferior court of law, not of record.
Based	Having a base, or having as a base; supported; as, broad-based.
Based	Wearing, or protected by, bases.
Basedow's disease	A disease characterized by enlargement of the thyroid gland, prominence of the eyeballs, and inordinate action of the heart; -- called also exophthalmic goiter.
Baselard	A short sword or dagger, worn in the fifteenth century.
Baseless	Without a base; having no foundation or support.
Basely	In a base manner; with despicable meanness; dishonorably; shamefully.
Basely	Illegitimately; in bastardy.
Basement	The outer wall of the ground story of a building, or of a part of that story, when treated as a distinct substructure. ( See Base, n., 3 (a).) Hence: The rooms of a ground floor, collectively.
Baseness	The quality or condition of being base; degradation; vileness.
Basenet	See Bascinet.
Base viol	See Bass viol.
Bash	To abash; to disconcert or be disconcerted or put out of countenance.
Bashaw	A Turkish title of honor, now written pasha. See Pasha.
Bashaw	Fig.: A magnate or grandee.
Bashaw	A very large siluroid fish (Leptops olivaris) of the Mississippi valley; -- also called goujon, mud cat, and yellow cat.
Bashful	Abashed; daunted; dismayed.
Bashful	Very modest, or modest excess; constitutionally disposed to shrink from public notice; indicating extreme or excessive modesty; shy; as, a bashful person, action, expression.
Bashfully	In a bashful manner.
Bashfulness	The quality of being bashful.
Bashi-bazouk	A soldier belonging to the irregular troops of the Turkish army.
Bashless	Shameless; unblushing.
Bashyle	See Basyle.
Basi-	A combining form, especially in anatomical and botanical words, to indicate the base or position at or near a base; forming a base; as, basibranchials, the most ventral of the cartilages or bones of the branchial arches; basicranial, situated at the base of the cranium; basifacial, basitemporal, etc.
Basic	Relating to a base; performing the office of a base in a salt.
Basic	Having the base in excess, or the amount of the base atomically greater than that of the acid, or exceeding in proportion that of the related neutral salt.
Basic	Apparently alkaline, as certain normal salts which exhibit alkaline reactions with test paper.
Basic	Said of crystalline rocks which contain a relatively low percentage of silica, as basalt.
Basicerite	The second joint of the antennae of crustaceans.
Basicity	The quality or state of being a base.
Basicity	The power of an acid to unite with one or more atoms or equivalents of a base, as indicated by the number of replaceable hydrogen atoms contained in the acid.
Basidiospore	A spore borne by a basidium.
Basidium	A special oblong or pyriform cell, with slender branches, which bears the spores in that division of fungi called Basidiomycetes, of which the common mushroom is an example.
Basifier	That which converts into a salifiable base.
Basifugal	Tending or proceeding away from the base; as, a basifugal growth.
Basify	To convert into a salifiable base.
Basigynium	The pedicel on which the ovary of certain flowers, as the passion flower, is seated; a carpophore or thecaphore.
Basihyal	Noting two small bones, forming the body of the inverted hyoid arch.
Basihyoid	The central tongue bone.
Basil	The slope or angle to which the cutting edge of a tool, as a plane, is ground.
Basiled	of Basil
Basiling	of Basil
Basil	To grind or form the edge of to an angle.
Basil	The name given to several aromatic herbs of the Mint family, but chiefly to the common or sweet basil (Ocymum basilicum), and the bush basil, or lesser basil (O. minimum), the leaves of which are used in cookery. The name is also given to several kinds of mountain mint (Pycnanthemum).
Basil	The skin of a sheep tanned with bark.
Basilar	Alt. of Basilary
Basilary	Relating to, or situated at, the base.
Basilary	Lower; inferior; applied to impulses or springs of action.
Basilic	Basilica.
Basilic	Alt. of Basilical
Basilical	Royal; kingly; also, basilican.
Basilical	Pertaining to certain parts, anciently supposed to have a specially important function in the animal economy, as the middle vein of the right arm.
Basilicas	of Basilica
Basilic/	of Basilica
Basilica	Originally, the place of a king; but afterward, an apartment provided in the houses of persons of importance, where assemblies were held for dispensing justice; and hence, any large hall used for this purpose.
Basilica	A building used by the Romans as a place of public meeting, with court rooms, etc., attached.
Basilica	A church building of the earlier centuries of Christianity, the plan of which was taken from the basilica of the Romans. The name is still applied to some churches by way of honorary distinction.
Basilica	A digest of the laws of Justinian, translated from the original Latin into Greek, by order of Basil I., in the ninth century.
Basilican	Of, relating to, or resembling, a basilica; basilical.
Basilicok	The basilisk.
Basilicon	An ointment composed of wax, pitch, resin, and olive oil, lard, or other fatty substance.
Basilisk	A fabulous serpent, or dragon. The ancients alleged that its hissing would drive away all other serpents, and that its breath, and even its look, was fatal. See Cockatrice.
Basilisk	A lizard of the genus Basiliscus, belonging to the family Iguanidae.
Basilisk	A large piece of ordnance, so called from its supposed resemblance to the serpent of that name, or from its size.
Basin	A hollow vessel or dish, to hold water for washing, and for various other uses.
Basin	The quantity contained in a basin.
Basin	A hollow vessel, of various forms and materials, used in the arts or manufactures, as that used by glass grinders for forming concave glasses, by hatters for molding a hat into shape, etc.
Basin	A hollow place containing water, as a pond, a dock for ships, a little bay.
Basin	A circular or oval valley, or depression of the surface of the ground, the lowest part of which is generally occupied by a lake, or traversed by a river.
Basin	The entire tract of country drained by a river, or sloping towards a sea or lake.
Basin	An isolated or circumscribed formation, particularly where the strata dip inward, on all sides, toward a center; -- especially applied to the coal formations, called coal basins or coal fields.
Basined	Inclosed in a basin.
Basinet	Same as Bascinet.
Basioccipital	Of or pertaining to the bone in the base of the cranium, frequently forming a part of the occipital in the adult, but usually distinct in the young.
Basioccipital	The basioccipital bone.
Basion	The middle of the anterior margin of the great foramen of the skull.
Basipodite	The basal joint of the legs of Crustacea.
Basipterygium	A bar of cartilage at the base of the embryonic fins of some fishes. It develops into the metapterygium.
Basipterygoid	Applied to a protuberance of the base of the sphenoid bone.
Bases	of Basis
Basis	The foundation of anything; that on which a thing rests.
Basis	The pedestal of a column, pillar, or statue.
Basis	The ground work the first or fundamental principle; that which supports.
Basis	The principal component part of a thing.
Basisolute	Prolonged at the base, as certain leaves.
Basisphenoid	Alt. of Basisphenoidal
Basisphenoidal	Of or pertaining to that part of the base of the cranium between the basioccipital and the presphenoid, which usually ossifies separately in the embryo or in the young, and becomes a part of the sphenoid in the adult.
Basisphenoid	The basisphenoid bone.
Basked	of Bask
Basking	of Bask
Bask	To lie in warmth; to be exposed to genial heat.
Bask	To warm by continued exposure to heat; to warm with genial heat.
Basket	A vessel made of osiers or other twigs, cane, rushes, splints, or other flexible material, interwoven.
Basket	The contents of a basket; as much as a basket contains; as, a basket of peaches.
Basket	The bell or vase of the Corinthian capital.
Basket	The two back seats facing one another on the outside of a stagecoach.
Basket	To put into a basket.
Basketfuls	of Basketful
Basketful	As much as a basket will contain.
Basketry	The art of making baskets; also, baskets, taken collectively.
Basking shark	One of the largest species of sharks (Cetorhinus maximus), so called from its habit of basking in the sun; the liver shark, or bone shark. It inhabits the northern seas of Europe and America, and grows to a length of more than forty feet. It is a harmless species.
Basnet	Same as Bascinet.
Basommatophora	A group of Pulmonifera having the eyes at the base of the tentacles, including the common pond snails.
Bason	A basin.
Basque	Pertaining to Biscay, its people, or their language.
Basque	One of a race, of unknown origin, inhabiting a region on the Bay of Biscay in Spain and France.
Basque	The language spoken by the Basque people.
Basque	A part of a lady's dress, resembling a jacket with a short skirt; -- probably so called because this fashion of dress came from the Basques.
Basquish	Pertaining to the country, people, or language of Biscay; Basque
Bas-relief	Low relief; sculpture, the figures of which project less than half of their true proportions; -- called also bassrelief and basso-rilievo. See Alto-rilievo.
Bass	of Bass
Basses	of Bass
Bass	An edible, spiny-finned fish, esp. of the genera Roccus, Labrax, and related genera. There are many species.
Bass	The two American fresh-water species of black bass (genus Micropterus). See Black bass.
Bass	Species of Serranus, the sea bass and rock bass. See Sea bass.
Bass	The southern, red, or channel bass (Sciaena ocellata). See Redfish.
Bass	The linden or lime tree, sometimes wrongly called whitewood; also, its bark, which is used for making mats. See Bast.
Bass	A hassock or thick mat.
Bass	A bass, or deep, sound or tone.
Bass	The lowest part in a musical composition.
Bass	One who sings, or the instrument which plays, bass.
Bass	Deep or grave in tone.
Bass	To sound in a deep tone.
Bassa	Alt. of Bassaw
Bassaw	See Bashaw.
Bass drum	The largest of the different kinds of drums, having two heads, and emitting a deep, grave sound. See Bass, a.
Basset	A game at cards, resembling the modern faro, said to have been invented at Venice.
Basset	Inclined upward; as, the basset edge of strata.
Basset	The edge of a geological stratum at the surface of the ground; the outcrop.
Basseted	of Basset
Basseting	of Basset
Basset	To inclined upward so as to appear at the surface; to crop out; as, a vein of coal bassets.
Basset horn	An instrument blown with a reed, and resembling a clarinet, but of much greater compass, embracing nearly four octaves.
Basset hound	A small kind of hound with a long body and short legs, used as an earth dog.
Basseting	The upward direction of a vein in a mine; the emergence of a stratum at the surface.
Bassetto	A tenor or small bass viol.
Bass horn	A modification of the bassoon, much deeper in tone.
Bassinet	A wicker basket, with a covering or hood over one end, in which young children are placed as in a cradle.
Bassinet	See Bascinet.
Basso	The bass or lowest part; as, to sing basso.
Basso	One who sings the lowest part.
Basso	The double bass, or contrabasso.
Bassock	A hassock. See 2d Bass, 2.
Bassoon	A wind instrument of the double reed kind, furnished with holes, which are stopped by the fingers, and by keys, as in flutes. It forms the natural bass to the oboe, clarinet, etc.
Bassoonist	A performer on the bassoon.
Basso-rilievo	Alt. of Basso-relievo
Basso-relievo	Same as Bas-relief.
Bassorin	A constituent part of a species of gum from Bassora, as also of gum tragacanth and some gum resins. It is one of the amyloses.
Bass-relief	Some as Bas-relief.
Bass viol	A stringed instrument of the viol family, used for playing bass. See 3d Bass, n., and Violoncello.
Basswood	The bass (Tilia) or its wood; especially, T. Americana. See Bass, the lime tree.
Bast	The inner fibrous bark of various plants; esp. of the lime tree; hence, matting, cordage, etc., made therefrom.
Bast	A thick mat or hassock. See 2d Bass, 2.
Basta	Enough; stop.
Bastard	A "natural" child; a child begotten and born out of wedlock; an illegitimate child; one born of an illicit union.
Bastard	An inferior quality of soft brown sugar, obtained from the sirups that / already had several boilings.
Bastard	A large size of mold, in which sugar is drained.
Bastard	A sweet Spanish wine like muscadel in flavor.
Bastard	A writing paper of a particular size. See Paper.
Bastard	Begotten and born out of lawful matrimony; illegitimate. See Bastard, n., note.
Bastard	Lacking in genuineness; spurious; false; adulterate; -- applied to things which resemble those which are genuine, but are really not so.
Bastard	Of an unusual make or proportion; as, a bastard musket; a bastard culverin.
Bastard	Abbreviated, as the half title in a page preceding the full title page of a book.
Bastard	To bastardize.
Bastardism	The state of being a bastard; bastardy.
Bastardized	of Bastardize
Bastardizing	of Bastardize
Bastardize	To make or prove to be a bastard; to stigmatize as a bastard; to declare or decide legally to be illegitimate.
Bastardize	To beget out of wedlock.
Bastardly	Bastardlike; baseborn; spurious; corrupt.
Bastardly	In the manner of a bastard; spuriously.
Bastardy	The state of being a bastard; illegitimacy.
Bastardy	The procreation of a bastard child.
Basted	of Baste
Basting	of Baste
Baste	To beat with a stick; to cudgel.
Baste	To sprinkle flour and salt and drip butter or fat on, as on meat in roasting.
Baste	To mark with tar, as sheep.
Baste	To sew loosely, or with long stitches; -- usually, that the work may be held in position until sewed more firmly.
Bastile Bastille	A tower or an elevated work, used for the defense, or in the siege, of a fortified place.
Bastile Bastille	"The Bastille", formerly a castle or fortress in Paris, used as a prison, especially for political offenders; hence, a rhetorical name for a prison.
Bastinade	See Bastinado, n.
Bastinade	To bastinado.
Bastinadoes	of Bastinado
Bastinado	A blow with a stick or cudgel.
Bastinado	A sound beating with a stick or cudgel. Specifically: A form of punishment among the Turks, Chinese, and others, consisting in beating an offender on the soles of his feet.
Bastinadoes	of Bastinado
Bastinadoing	of Bastinado
Bastinado	To beat with a stick or cudgel, especially on the soles of the feet.
Bastion	A work projecting outward from the main inclosure of a fortification, consisting of two faces and two flanks, and so constructed that it is able to defend by a flanking fire the adjacent curtain, or wall which extends from one bastion to another. Two adjacent bastions are connected by the curtain, which joins the flank of one with the adjacent flank of the other. The distance between the flanks of a bastion is called the gorge. A lunette is a detached bastion. See Ravelin.
Bastioned	Furnished with a bastion; having bastions.
Basto	The ace of clubs in quadrille and omber.
Baston	A staff or cudgel.
Baston	See Baton.
Baston	An officer bearing a painted staff, who formerly was in attendance upon the king's court to take into custody persons committed by the court.
Basyle	A positive or nonacid constituent of compound, either elementary, or, if compound, performing the functions of an element.
Basylous	Pertaining to, or having the nature of, a basyle; electro-positive; basic; -- opposed to chlorous.
Bat	A large stick; a club; specifically, a piece of wood with one end thicker or broader than the other, used in playing baseball, cricket, etc.
Bat	Shale or bituminous shale.
Bat	A sheet of cotton used for filling quilts or comfortables; batting.
Bat	A part of a brick with one whole end.
Batted	of Bat
Batting	of Bat
Bat	To strike or hit with a bat or a pole; to cudgel; to beat.
Bat	To use a bat, as in a game of baseball.
Bat	One of the Cheiroptera, an order of flying mammals, in which the wings are formed by a membrane stretched between the elongated fingers, legs, and tail. The common bats are small and insectivorous. See Cheiroptera and Vampire.
Batable	Disputable.
Batailled	Embattled.
Batardeau	A cofferdam.
Batardeau	A wall built across the ditch of a fortification, with a sluice gate to regulate the height of water in the ditch on both sides of the wall.
Batatas	Alt. of Batata
Batata	An aboriginal American name for the sweet potato (Ipomaea batatas).
Batavian	Of or pertaining to (a) the Batavi, an ancient Germanic tribe; or to (b) /atavia or Holland; as, a Batavian legion.
Batavian	A native or inhabitant of Batavia or Holland.
Batch	The quantity of bread baked at one time.
Batch	A quantity of anything produced at one operation; a group or collection of persons or things of the same kind; as, a batch of letters; the next batch of business.
Bate	Strife; contention.
Bated	of Bate
Bating	of Bate
Bate	To lessen by retrenching, deducting, or reducing; to abate; to beat down; to lower.
Bate	To allow by way of abatement or deduction.
Bate	To leave out; to except.
Bate	To remove.
Bate	To deprive of.
Bate	To remit or retrench a part; -- with of.
Bate	To waste away.
Bate	To attack; to bait.
Bate	imp. of Bite.
Bate	To flutter as a hawk; to bait.
Bate	See 2d Bath.
Bate	An alkaline solution consisting of the dung of certain animals; -- employed in the preparation of hides; grainer.
Bate	To steep in bate, as hides, in the manufacture of leather.
Bateaux	of Bateau
Bateau	A boat; esp. a flat-bottomed, clumsy boat used on the Canadian lakes and rivers.
Bated	Reduced; lowered; restrained; as, to speak with bated breath.
Bateful	Exciting contention; contentious.
Bateless	Not to be abated.
Batement	Abatement; diminution.
Batfish	A name given to several species of fishes: (a) The Malthe vespertilio of the Atlantic coast. (b) The flying gurnard of the Atlantic (Cephalacanthus spinarella). (c) The California batfish or sting ray (Myliobatis Californicus.)
Batfowler	One who practices or finds sport in batfowling.
Batfowling	A mode of catching birds at night, by holding a torch or other light, and beating the bush or perch where they roost. The birds, flying to the light, are caught with nets or otherwise.
Batful	Rich; fertile.
Baths	of Bath
Bath	The act of exposing the body, or part of the body, for purposes of cleanliness, comfort, health, etc., to water, vapor, hot air, or the like; as, a cold or a hot bath; a medicated bath; a steam bath; a hip bath.
Bath	Water or other liquid for bathing.
Bath	A receptacle or place where persons may immerse or wash their bodies in water.
Bath	A building containing an apartment or a series of apartments arranged for bathing.
Bath	A medium, as heated sand, ashes, steam, hot air, through which heat is applied to a body.
Bath	A solution in which plates or prints are immersed; also, the receptacle holding the solution.
Bath	A Hebrew measure containing the tenth of a homer, or five gallons and three pints, as a measure for liquids; and two pecks and five quarts, as a dry measure.
Bath	A city in the west of England, resorted to for its hot springs, which has given its name to various objects.
Bathed	of Bathe
Bathing	of Bathe
Bathe	To wash by immersion, as in a bath; to subject to a bath.
Bathe	To lave; to wet.
Bathe	To moisten or suffuse with a liquid.
Bathe	To apply water or some liquid medicament to; as, to bathe the eye with warm water or with sea water; to bathe one's forehead with camphor.
Bathe	To surround, or envelop, as water surrounds a person immersed.
Bathe	To bathe one's self; to take a bath or baths.
Bathe	To immerse or cover one's self, as in a bath.
Bathe	To bask in the sun.
Bathe	The immersion of the body in water; as to take one's usual bathe.
Bather	One who bathes.
Bathetic	Having the character of bathos.
Bathing	Act of taking a bath or baths.
Bathmism	See Vital force.
Bathometer	An instrument for measuring depths, esp. one for taking soundings without a sounding line.
Bathorse	A horse which carries an officer's baggage during a campaign.
Bathos	A ludicrous descent from the elevated to the low, in writing or speech; anticlimax.
Bathybius	A name given by Prof. Huxley to a gelatinous substance found in mud dredged from the Atlantic and preserved in alcohol. He supposed that it was free living protoplasm, covering a large part of the ocean bed. It is now known that the substance is of chemical, not of organic, origin.
Bathymetric	Alt. of Bathymetrical
Bathymetrical	Pertaining to bathymetry; relating to the measurement of depths, especially of depths in the sea.
Bathymetry	The art or science of sounding, or measuring depths in the sea.
Bating	With the exception of; excepting.
Batiste	Originally, cambric or lawn of fine linen; now applied also to cloth of similar texture made of cotton.
Batlet	A short bat for beating clothes in washing them; -- called also batler, batling staff, batting staff.
Batman	A weight used in the East, varying according to the locality; in Turkey, the greater batman is about 157 pounds, the lesser only a fourth of this; at Aleppo and Smyrna, the batman is 17 pounds.
Batmen	of Batman
Batman	A man who has charge of a bathorse and his load.
Batoidei	The division of fishes which includes the rays and skates.
Baton	A staff or truncheon, used for various purposes; as, the baton of a field marshal; the baton of a conductor in musical performances.
Baton	An ordinary with its ends cut off, borne sinister as a mark of bastardy, and containing one fourth in breadth of the bend sinister; -- called also bastard bar. See Bend sinister.
Batoon	See Baton, and Baston.
Bat printing	A mode of printing on glazed ware.
Batrachia	The order of amphibians which includes the frogs and toads; the Anura. Sometimes the word is used in a wider sense as equivalent to Amphibia.
Batrachian	Pertaining to the Batrachia.
Batrachian	One of the Batrachia.
Batrachoid	Froglike. Specifically: Of or pertaining to the Batrachidae, a family of marine fishes, including the toadfish. Some have poisonous dorsal spines.
Batrachomyomachy	The battle between the frogs and mice; -- a Greek parody on the Iliad, of uncertain authorship.
Batrachophagous	Feeding on frogs.
Batsmen	of Batsman
Batsman	The one who wields the bat in cricket, baseball, etc.
Bat's-wing	Alt. of Batwing
Batwing	Shaped like a bat's wing; as, a bat's-wing burner.
Batta	Extra pay; esp. an extra allowance to an English officer serving in India.
Batta	Rate of exchange; also, the discount on uncurrent coins.
Battable	Capable of cultivation; fertile; productive; fattening.
Battailant	Prepared for battle; combatant; warlike.
Battailant	A combatant.
Battailous	Arrayed for battle; fit or eager for battle; warlike.
Battalia	Order of battle; disposition or arrangement of troops (brigades, regiments, battalions, etc.), or of a naval force, for action.
Battalia	An army in battle array; also, the main battalia or body.
Battalion	A body of troops; esp. a body of troops or an army in battle array.
Battalion	A regiment, or two or more companies of a regiment, esp. when assembled for drill or battle.
Battalion	To form into battalions.
Battel	A single combat; as, trial by battel. See Wager of battel, under Wager.
Battel	Provisions ordered from the buttery; also, the charges for them; -- only in the pl., except when used adjectively.
Battel	To be supplied with provisions from the buttery.
Battel	To make fertile.
Battel	Fertile; fruitful; productive.
Batteler	Alt. of Battler
Battler	A student at Oxford who is supplied with provisions from the buttery; formerly, one who paid for nothing but what he called for, answering nearly to a sizar at Cambridge.
Battened	of Batten
Battening	of Batten
Batten	To make fat by plenteous feeding; to fatten.
Batten	To fertilize or enrich, as land.
Batten	To grow fat; to grow fat in ease and luxury; to glut one's self.
Batten	A strip of sawed stuff, or a scantling; as, (a) pl. (Com. & Arch.) Sawed timbers about 7 by 2 1/2 inches and not less than 6 feet long. Brande & C. (b) (Naut.) A strip of wood used in fastening the edges of a tarpaulin to the deck, also around masts to prevent chafing. (c) A long, thin strip used to strengthen a part, to cover a crack, etc.
Batten	To furnish or fasten with battens.
Batten	The movable bar of a loom, which strikes home or closes the threads of a woof.
Battening	Furring done with small pieces nailed directly upon the wall.
Battered	of Batter
Battering	of Batter
Batter	To beat with successive blows; to beat repeatedly and with violence, so as to bruise, shatter, or demolish; as, to batter a wall or rampart.
Batter	To wear or impair as if by beating or by hard usage.
Batter	To flatten (metal) by hammering, so as to compress it inwardly and spread it outwardly.
Batter	A semi-liquid mixture of several ingredients, as, flour, eggs, milk, etc., beaten together and used in cookery.
Batter	Paste of clay or loam.
Batter	A bruise on the face of a plate or of type in the form.
Batter	A backward slope in the face of a wall or of a bank; receding slope.
Batter	To slope gently backward.
Batter	One who wields a bat; a batsman.
Batterer	One who, or that which, batters.
Battering-ram	An engine used in ancient times to beat down the walls of besieged places.
Battering-ram	A blacksmith's hammer, suspended, and worked horizontally.
Battering train	A train of artillery for siege operations.
Batteries	of Battery
Battery	The act of battering or beating.
Battery	The unlawful beating of another. It includes every willful, angry and violent, or negligent touching of another's person or clothes, or anything attached to his person or held by him.
Battery	Any place where cannon or mortars are mounted, for attack or defense.
Battery	Two or more pieces of artillery in the field.
Battery	A company or division of artillery, including the gunners, guns, horses, and all equipments. In the United States, a battery of flying artillery consists usually of six guns.
Battery	A number of coated jars (Leyden jars) so connected that they may be charged and discharged simultaneously.
Battery	An apparatus for generating voltaic electricity.
Battery	A number of similar machines or devices in position; an apparatus consisting of a set of similar parts; as, a battery of boilers, of retorts, condensers, etc.
Battery	A series of stamps operated by one motive power, for crushing ores containing the precious metals.
Battery	The box in which the stamps for crushing ore play up and down.
Battery	The pitcher and catcher together.
Batting	The act of one who bats; the management of a bat in playing games of ball.
Batting	Cotton in sheets, prepared for use in making quilts, etc.; as, cotton batting.
Battle	Fertile. See Battel, a.
Battle	A general action, fight, or encounter, in which all the divisions of an army are or may be engaged; an engagement; a combat.
Battle	A struggle; a contest; as, the battle of life.
Battle	A division of an army; a battalion.
Battle	The main body, as distinct from the van and rear; battalia.
Battled	of Battle
Battling	of Battle
Battle	To join in battle; to contend in fight; as, to battle over theories.
Battle	To assail in battle; to fight.
Battle-ax	Alt. of Battle-axe
Battle-axe	A kind of broadax formerly used as an offensive weapon.
Battled	Embattled.
Battledoor	An instrument, with a handle and a flat part covered with parchment or crossed with catgut, used to strike a shuttlecock in play; also, the play of battledoor and shuttlecock.
Battledoor	A child's hornbook.
Battlement	One of the solid upright parts of a parapet in ancient fortifications.
Battlement	pl. The whole parapet, consisting of alternate solids and open spaces. At first purely a military feature, afterwards copied on a smaller scale with decorative features, as for churches.
Battlemented	Having battlements.
Battologist	One who battologizes.
Battologize	To keep repeating needlessly; to iterate.
Battology	A needless repetition of words in speaking or writing.
Batton	See Batten, and Baton.
Battue	The act of beating the woods, bushes, etc., for game.
Battue	The game itself.
Battue	The wanton slaughter of game.
Batture	An elevated river bed or sea bed.
Battuta	The measuring of time by beating.
Batty	Belonging to, or resembling, a bat.
Batule	A springboard in a circus or gymnasium; -- called also batule board.
Batzen	of Batz
Batz	A small copper coin, with a mixture of silver, formerly current in some parts of Germany and Switzerland. It was worth about four cents.
Baubee	Same as Bawbee.
Bauble	A trifling piece of finery; a gewgaw; that which is gay and showy without real value; a cheap, showy plaything.
Bauble	The fool's club.
Baubling	See Bawbling.
Baudekin	The richest kind of stuff used in garments in the Middle Ages, the web being gold, and the woof silk, with embroidery : -- made originally at Bagdad.
Baudrick	A belt. See Baldric.
Bauk	Alt. of Baulk
Baulk	See Balk.
Baunscheidtism	A form of acupuncture, followed by the rubbing of the part with a stimulating fluid.
Bauxite	Alt. of Beauxite
Beauxite	A ferruginous hydrate of alumina. It is largely used in the preparation of aluminium and alumina, and for the lining of furnaces which are exposed to intense heat.
Bavarian	Of or pertaining to Bavaria.
Bavarian	A native or an inhabitant of Bavaria.
Bavaroy	A kind of cloak or surtout.
Bavian	A baboon.
Bavin	A fagot of brushwood, or other light combustible matter, for kindling fires; refuse of brushwood.
Bavin	Impure limestone.
Bawbee	A halfpenny.
Bawble	A trinket. See Bauble.
Bawbling	Insignificant; contemptible.
Bawcock	A fine fellow; -- a term of endearment.
Bawd	A person who keeps a house of prostitution, or procures women for a lewd purpose; a procurer or procuress; a lewd person; -- usually applied to a woman.
Bawd	To procure women for lewd purposes.
Bawdily	Obscenely; lewdly.
Bawdiness	Obscenity; lewdness.
Bawdrick	A belt. See Baldric.
Bawdry	The practice of procuring women for the gratification of lust.
Bawdry	Illicit intercourse; fornication.
Bawdry	Obscenity; filthy, unchaste language.
Bawdy	Dirty; foul; -- said of clothes.
Bawdy	Obscene; filthy; unchaste.
Bawdyhouse	A house of prostitution; a house of ill fame; a brothel.
Bawhorse	Same as Bathorse.
Bawled	of Bawl
Bawling	of Bawl
Bawl	To cry out with a loud, full sound; to cry with vehemence, as in calling or exultation; to shout; to vociferate.
Bawl	To cry loudly, as a child from pain or vexation.
Bawl	To proclaim with a loud voice, or by outcry, as a hawker or town-crier does.
Bawl	A loud, prolonged cry; an outcry.
Bawler	One who bawls.
Bawn	An inclosure with mud or stone walls, for keeping cattle; a fortified inclosure.
Bawn	A large house.
Bawrel	A kind of hawk.
Bawsin	Alt. of Bawson
Bawson	A badger.
Bawson	A large, unwieldy person.
Baxter	A baker; originally, a female baker.
Bay	Reddish brown; of the color of a chestnut; -- applied to the color of horses.
Bay	An inlet of the sea, usually smaller than a gulf, but of the same general character.
Bay	A small body of water set off from the main body; as a compartment containing water for a wheel; the portion of a canal just outside of the gates of a lock, etc.
Bay	A recess or indentation shaped like a bay.
Bay	A principal compartment of the walls, roof, or other part of a building, or of the whole building, as marked off by the buttresses, vaulting, mullions of a window, etc.; one of the main divisions of any structure, as the part of a bridge between two piers.
Bay	A compartment in a barn, for depositing hay, or grain in the stalks.
Bay	A kind of mahogany obtained from Campeachy Bay.
Bay	A berry, particularly of the laurel.
Bay	The laurel tree (Laurus nobilis). Hence, in the plural, an honorary garland or crown bestowed as a prize for victory or excellence, anciently made or consisting of branches of the laurel.
Bay	A tract covered with bay trees.
Bayed	of Bay
Baying	of Bay
Bay	To bark, as a dog with a deep voice does, at his game.
Bay	To bark at; hence, to follow with barking; to bring or drive to bay; as, to bay the bear.
Bay	Deep-toned, prolonged barking.
Bay	A state of being obliged to face an antagonist or a difficulty, when escape has become impossible.
Bay	To bathe.
Bay	A bank or dam to keep back water.
Bay	To dam, as water; -- with up or back.
Baya	The East Indian weaver bird (Ploceus Philippinus).
Bayad	Alt. of Bayatte
Bayatte	A large, edible, siluroid fish of the Nile, of two species (Bagrina bayad and B. docmac).
Bayadere	A female dancer in the East Indies.
Bay-antler	The second tine of a stag's horn. See under Antler.
Bayard	Properly, a bay horse, but often any horse. Commonly in the phrase blind bayard, an old blind horse.
Bayard	A stupid, clownish fellow.
Bayardly	Blind; stupid.
Bayberry	The fruit of the bay tree or Laurus nobilis.
Bayberry	A tree of the West Indies related to the myrtle (Pimenta acris).
Bayberry	The fruit of Myrica cerifera (wax myrtle); the shrub itself; -- called also candleberry tree.
Baybolt	A bolt with a barbed shank.
Bayed	Having a bay or bays.
Bay ice	See under Ice.
Bay leaf	See under 3d Bay.
Bayonet	A pointed instrument of the dagger kind fitted on the muzzle of a musket or rifle, so as to give the soldier increased means of offense and defense.
Bayonet	A pin which plays in and out of holes made to receive it, and which thus serves to engage or disengage parts of the machinery.
Bayoneted	of Bayonet
Bayoneting	of Bayonet
Bayonet	To stab with a bayonet.
Bayonet	To compel or drive by the bayonet.
Bayous	of Bayou
Bayou	An inlet from the Gulf of Mexico, from a lake, or from a large river, sometimes sluggish, sometimes without perceptible movement except from tide and wind.
Bay rum	A fragrant liquid, used for cosmetic and medicinal purposes.
Bays	Alt. of Bayze
Bayze	See Baize.
Bay salt	Salt which has been obtained from sea water, by evaporation in shallow pits or basins, by the heat of the sun; the large crystalline salt of commerce.
Bay tree	A species of laurel. (Laurus nobilis).
Bay window	A window forming a bay or recess in a room, and projecting outward from the wall, either in a rectangular, polygonal, or semicircular form; -- often corruptly called a bow window.
Bay yarn	Woolen yarn.
Bazaar	Alt. of Bazar
Bazar	In the East, an exchange, marketplace, or assemblage of shops where goods are exposed for sale.
Bazar	A spacious hall or suite of rooms for the sale of goods, as at a fair.
Bazar	A fair for the sale of fancy wares, toys, etc., commonly for a charitable objects.
Bdellium	An unidentified substance mentioned in the Bible (Gen. ii. 12, and Num. xi. 7), variously taken to be a gum, a precious stone, or pearls, or perhaps a kind of amber found in Arabia.
Bdellium	A gum resin of reddish brown color, brought from India, Persia, and Africa.
Bdelloidea	The order of Annulata which includes the leeches. See Hirudinea.
Bdellometer	A cupping glass to which are attached a scarificator and an exhausting syringe.
Bdellomorpha	An order of Nemertina, including the large leechlike worms (Malacobdella) often parasitic in clams.
Was	of Be
Been	of Be
Being	of Be
Be	To exist actually, or in the world of fact; to have ex/stence.
Be	To exist in a certain manner or relation, -- whether as a reality or as a product of thought; to exist as the subject of a certain predicate, that is, as having a certain attribute, or as belonging to a certain sort, or as identical with what is specified, -- a word or words for the predicate being annexed; as, to be happy; to be here; to be large, or strong; to be an animal; to be a hero; to be a nonentity; three and two are five; annihilation is the cessation of existence; that is the man.
Be	To take place; to happen; as, the meeting was on Thursday.
Be	To signify; to represent or symbolize; to answer to.
Be-	A prefix, originally the same word as by;
Be-	To intensify the meaning; as, bespatter, bestir.
Be-	To render an intransitive verb transitive; as, befall (to fall upon); bespeak (to speak for).
Be-	To make the action of a verb particular or definite; as, beget (to get as offspring); beset (to set around).
Beaches	of Beach
Beach	Pebbles, collectively; shingle.
Beach	The shore of the sea, or of a lake, which is washed by the waves; especially, a sandy or pebbly shore; the strand.
Beached	of Beach
Beaching	of Beach
Beach	To run or drive (as a vessel or a boat) upon a beach; to strand; as, to beach a ship.
Beach comber	A long, curling wave rolling in from the ocean. See Comber.
Beached	Bordered by a beach.
Beached	Driven on a beach; stranded; drawn up on a beach; as, the ship is beached.
Beachy	Having a beach or beaches; formed by a beach or beaches; shingly.
Beacon	A signal fire to notify of the approach of an enemy, or to give any notice, commonly of warning.
Beacon	A signal or conspicuous mark erected on an eminence near the shore, or moored in shoal water, as a guide to mariners.
Beacon	A high hill near the shore.
Beacon	That which gives notice of danger.
Beaconed	of Beacon
Beaconing	of Beacon
Beacon	To give light to, as a beacon; to light up; to illumine.
Beacon	To furnish with a beacon or beacons.
Beaconage	Money paid for the maintenance of a beacon; also, beacons, collectively.
Beaconless	Having no beacon.
Bead	A prayer.
Bead	A little perforated ball, to be strung on a thread, and worn for ornament; or used in a rosary for counting prayers, as by Roman Catholics and Mohammedans, whence the phrases to tell beads, to at one's beads, to bid beads, etc., meaning, to be at prayer.
Bead	Any small globular body
Bead	A bubble in spirits.
Bead	A drop of sweat or other liquid.
Bead	A small knob of metal on a firearm, used for taking aim (whence the expression to draw a bead, for, to take aim).
Bead	A small molding of rounded surface, the section being usually an arc of a circle.  It may be continuous, or broken into short embossments.
Bead	A glassy drop of molten flux, as borax or microcosmic salt, used as a solvent and color test for several mineral earths and oxides, as of iron, manganese, etc., before the blowpipe; as, the borax bead; the iron bead, etc.
Beaded	of Bead
Beading	of Bead
Bead	To ornament with beads or beading.
Bead	To form beadlike bubbles.
Beadhouse	Alt. of Bedehouse
Bedehouse	An almshouse for poor people who pray daily for their benefactors.
Beading	Molding in imitation of beads.
Beading	The beads or bead-forming quality of certain liquors; as, the beading of a brand of whisky.
Beadle	A messenger or crier of a court; a servitor; one who cites or bids persons to appear and answer; -- called also an apparitor or summoner.
Beadle	An officer in a university, who precedes public processions of officers and students.
Beadle	An inferior parish officer in England having a variety of duties, as the preservation of order in church service, the chastisement of petty offenders, etc.
Beadlery	Office or jurisdiction of a beadle.
Beadleship	The state of being, or the personality of, a beadle.
Bead proof	Among distillers, a certain degree of strength in alcoholic liquor, as formerly ascertained by the floating or sinking of glass globules of different specific gravities thrown into it; now ascertained by more accurate meters.
Bead proof	A degree of strength in alcoholic liquor as shown by beads or small bubbles remaining on its surface, or at the side of the glass, when shaken.
Beadroll	A catalogue of persons, for the rest of whose souls a certain number of prayers are to be said or counted off on the beads of a chaplet; hence, a catalogue in general.
-men	of Bedesman
Beadsman	Alt. of Bedesman
Bedesman	A poor man, supported in a beadhouse, and required to pray for the soul of its founder; an almsman.
Beadsnake	A small poisonous snake of North America (Elaps fulvius), banded with yellow, red, and black.
-women	of Bedeswoman
Beadswoman	Alt. of Bedeswoman
Bedeswoman	Fem. of Beadsman.
Beadwork	Ornamental work in beads.
Beady	Resembling beads; small, round, and glistening.
Beady	Covered or ornamented with, or as with, beads.
Beady	Characterized by beads; as, beady liquor.
Beagle	A small hound, or hunting dog, twelve to fifteen inches high, used in hunting hares and other small game. See Illustration in Appendix.
Beagle	Fig.: A spy or detective; a constable.
Beak	The bill or nib of a bird, consisting of a horny sheath, covering the jaws. The form varied much according to the food and habits of the bird, and is largely used in the classification of birds.
Beak	A similar bill in other animals, as the turtles.
Beak	The long projecting sucking mouth of some insects, and other invertebrates, as in the Hemiptera.
Beak	The upper or projecting part of the shell, near the hinge of a bivalve.
Beak	The prolongation of certain univalve shells containing the canal.
Beak	Anything projecting or ending in a point, like a beak, as a promontory of land.
Beak	A beam, shod or armed at the end with a metal head or point, and projecting from the prow of an ancient galley, in order to pierce the vessel of an enemy; a beakhead.
Beak	That part of a ship, before the forecastle, which is fastened to the stem, and supported by the main knee.
Beak	A continuous slight projection ending in an arris or narrow fillet; that part of a drip from which the water is thrown off.
Beak	Any process somewhat like the beak of a bird, terminating the fruit or other parts of a plant.
Beak	A toe clip. See Clip, n. (Far.).
Beak	A magistrate or policeman.
Beaked	Having a beak or a beaklike point; beak-shaped.
Beaked	Furnished with a process or a mouth like a beak; rostrate.
Beaker	A large drinking cup, with a wide mouth, supported on a foot or standard.
Beaker	An open-mouthed, thin glass vessel, having a projecting lip for pouring; -- used for holding solutions requiring heat.
Beakhead	An ornament used in rich Norman doorways, resembling a head with a beak.
Beakhead	A small platform at the fore part of the upper deck of a vessel, which contains the water closets of the crew.
Beakhead	Same as Beak, 3.
Beakiron	A bickern; a bench anvil with a long beak, adapted to reach the interior surface of sheet metal ware; the horn of an anvil.
Bealed	of Beal
Bealing	of Beal
Beal	To gather matter; to swell and come to a head, as a pimple.
Be-all	The whole; all that is to be.
Beam	Any large piece of timber or iron long in proportion to its thickness, and prepared for use.
Beam	One of the principal horizontal timbers of a building or ship.
Beam	The width of a vessel; as, one vessel is said to have more beam than another.
Beam	The bar of a balance, from the ends of which the scales are suspended.
Beam	The principal stem or horn of a stag or other deer, which bears the antlers, or branches.
Beam	The pole of a carriage.
Beam	A cylinder of wood, making part of a loom, on which weavers wind the warp before weaving; also, the cylinder on which the cloth is rolled, as it is woven; one being called the fore beam, the other the back beam.
Beam	The straight part or shank of an anchor.
Beam	The main part of a plow, to which the handles and colter are secured, and to the end of which are attached the oxen or horses that draw it.
Beam	A heavy iron lever having an oscillating motion on a central axis, one end of which is connected with the piston rod from which it receives motion, and the other with the crank of the wheel shaft; -- called also working beam or walking beam.
Beam	A ray or collection of parallel rays emitted from the sun or other luminous body; as, a beam of light, or of heat.
Beam	Fig.: A ray; a gleam; as, a beam of comfort.
Beam	One of the long feathers in the wing of a hawk; -- called also beam feather.
Beamed	of Beam
Beaming	of Beam
Beam	To send forth; to emit; -- followed ordinarily by forth; as, to beam forth light.
Beam	To emit beams of light.
Beambird	A small European flycatcher (Muscicapa gricola), so called because it often nests on a beam in a building.
Beamed	Furnished with beams, as the head of a stag.
Beamful	Beamy; radiant.
Beamily	In a beaming manner.
Beaminess	The state of being beamy.
Beaming	Emitting beams; radiant.
Beamingly	In a beaming manner; radiantly.
Beamless	Not having a beam.
Beamless	Not emitting light.
Beamlet	A small beam of light.
Beam tree	A tree (Pyrus aria) related to the apple.
Beamy	Emitting beams of light; radiant; shining.
Beamy	Resembling a beam in size and weight; massy.
Beamy	Having horns, or antlers.
Bean	A name given to the seed of certain leguminous herbs, chiefly of the genera Faba, Phaseolus, and Dolichos; also, to the herbs.
Bean	The popular name of other vegetable seeds or fruits, more or less resembling true beans.
Bean caper	A deciduous plant of warm climates, generally with fleshy leaves and flowers of a yellow or whitish yellow color, of the genus Zygophyllum.
Bean trefoil	A leguminous shrub of southern Europe, with trifoliate leaves (Anagyris foetida).
Bore	of Bear
Bare	of Bear
Born	of Bear
Borne	of Bear
Bearing	of Bear
Bear	To support or sustain; to hold up.
Bear	To support and remove or carry; to convey.
Bear	To conduct; to bring; -- said of persons.
Bear	To possess and use, as power; to exercise.
Bear	To sustain; to have on (written or inscribed, or as a mark), as, the tablet bears this inscription.
Bear	To possess or carry, as a mark of authority or distinction; to wear; as, to bear a sword, badge, or name.
Bear	To possess mentally; to carry or hold in the mind; to entertain; to harbor
Bear	To endure; to tolerate; to undergo; to suffer.
Bear	To gain or win.
Bear	To sustain, or be answerable for, as blame, expense, responsibility, etc.
Bear	To render or give; to bring forward.
Bear	To carry on, or maintain; to have.
Bear	To admit or be capable of; that is, to suffer or sustain without violence, injury, or change.
Bear	To manage, wield, or direct.
Bear	To behave; to conduct.
Bear	To afford; to be to; to supply with.
Bear	To bring forth or produce; to yield; as, to bear apples; to bear children; to bear interest.
Bear	To produce, as fruit; to be fruitful, in opposition to barrenness.
Bear	To suffer, as in carrying a burden.
Bear	To endure with patience; to be patient.
Bear	To press; -- with on or upon, or against.
Bear	To take effect; to have influence or force; as, to bring matters to bear.
Bear	To relate or refer; -- with on or upon; as, how does this bear on the question?
Bear	To have a certain meaning, intent, or effect.
Bear	To be situated, as to the point of compass, with respect to something else; as, the land bears N. by E.
Bear	A bier.
Bear	Any species of the genus Ursus, and of the closely allied genera. Bears are plantigrade Carnivora, but they live largely on fruit and insects.
Bear	An animal which has some resemblance to a bear in form or habits, but no real affinity; as, the woolly bear; ant bear; water bear; sea bear.
Bear	One of two constellations in the northern hemisphere, called respectively the Great Bear and the Lesser Bear, or Ursa Major and Ursa Minor.
Bear	Metaphorically: A brutal, coarse, or morose person.
Bear	A person who sells stocks or securities for future delivery in expectation of a fall in the market.
Bear	A portable punching machine.
Bear	A block covered with coarse matting; -- used to scour the deck.
Bear	To endeavor to depress the price of, or prices in; as, to bear a railroad stock; to bear the market.
Bear	Alt. of Bere
Bere	Barley; the six-rowed barley or the four-rowed barley, commonly the former (Hord. vulgare).
Bearable	Capable of being borne or endured; tolerable.
Bearberry	A trailing plant of the heath family (Arctostaphylos uva-ursi), having leaves which are tonic and astringent, and glossy red berries of which bears are said to be fond.
Bearbind	The bindweed (Convolvulus arvensis).
Beard	The hair that grows on the chin, lips, and adjacent parts of the human face, chiefly of male adults.
Beard	The long hairs about the face in animals, as in the goat.
Beard	The cluster of small feathers at the base of the beak in some birds
Beard	The appendages to the jaw in some Cetacea, and to the mouth or jaws of some fishes.
Beard	The byssus of certain shellfish, as the muscle.
Beard	The gills of some bivalves, as the oyster.
Beard	In insects, the hairs of the labial palpi of moths and butterflies.
Beard	Long or stiff hairs on a plant; the awn; as, the beard of grain.
Beard	A barb or sharp point of an arrow or other instrument, projecting backward to prevent the head from being easily drawn out.
Beard	That part of the under side of a horse's lower jaw which is above the chin, and bears the curb of a bridle.
Beard	That part of a type which is between the shoulder of the shank and the face.
Beard	An imposition; a trick.
Bearded	of Beard
Bearding	of Beard
Beard	To take by the beard; to seize, pluck, or pull the beard of (a man), in anger or contempt.
Beard	To oppose to the gills; to set at defiance.
Beard	To deprive of the gills; -- used only of oysters and similar shellfish.
Bearded	Having a beard.
Beardie	The bearded loach (Nemachilus barbatus) of Europe.
Beardless	Without a beard. Hence: Not having arrived at puberty or manhood; youthful.
Beardless	Destitute of an awn; as, beardless wheat.
Beardlessness	The state or quality of being destitute of beard.
Bearer	One who, or that which, bears, sustains, or carries.
Bearer	Specifically: One who assists in carrying a body to the grave; a pallbearer.
Bearer	A palanquin carrier; also, a house servant.
Bearer	A tree or plant yielding fruit; as, a good bearer.
Bearer	One who holds a check, note, draft, or other order for the payment of money; as, pay to bearer.
Bearer	A strip of reglet or other furniture to bear off the impression from a blank page; also, a type or type-high piece of metal interspersed in blank parts to support the plate when it is shaved.
Bearherd	A man who tends a bear.
Bearhound	A hound for baiting or hunting bears.
Bearing	The manner in which one bears or conducts one's self; mien; behavior; carriage.
Bearing	Patient endurance; suffering without complaint.
Bearing	The situation of one object, with respect to another, such situation being supposed to have a connection with the object, or influence upon it, or to be influenced by it; hence, relation; connection.
Bearing	Purport; meaning; intended significance; aspect.
Bearing	The act, power, or time of producing or giving birth; as, a tree in full bearing; a tree past bearing.
Bearing	That part of any member of a building which rests upon its supports; as, a lintel or beam may have four inches of bearing upon the wall.
Bearing	The portion of a support on which anything rests.
Bearing	Improperly, the unsupported span; as, the beam has twenty feet of bearing between its supports.
Bearing	The part of an axle or shaft in contact with its support, collar, or boxing; the journal.
Bearing	The part of the support on which a journal rests and rotates.
Bearing	Any single emblem or charge in an escutcheon or coat of arms -- commonly in the pl.
Bearing	The situation of a distant object, with regard to a ship's position, as on the bow, on the lee quarter, etc.; the direction or point of the compass in which an object is seen; as, the bearing of the cape was W. N. W.
Bearing	The widest part of a vessel below the plank-sheer.
Bearing	The line of flotation of a vessel when properly trimmed with cargo or ballast.
Bearing cloth	A cloth with which a child is covered when carried to be baptized.
Bearing rein	A short rein looped over the check hook or the hames to keep the horse's head up; -- called in the United States a checkrein.
Bearish	Partaking of the qualities of a bear; resembling a bear in temper or manners.
Bearishness	Behavior like that of a bear.
Bearn	See Bairn.
Bear's-breech	See Acanthus, n., 1.
Bear's-breech	The English cow parsnip (Heracleum sphondylium)
Bear's-ear	A kind of primrose (Primula auricula), so called from the shape of the leaf.
Bear's-foot	A species of hellebore (Helleborus foetidus), with digitate leaves. It has an offensive smell and acrid taste, and is a powerful emetic, cathartic, and anthelmintic.
Bearskin	The skin of a bear.
Bearskin	A coarse, shaggy, woolen cloth for overcoats.
Bearskin	A cap made of bearskin, esp. one worn by soldiers.
Bear's-paw	A large bivalve shell of the East Indies (Hippopus maculatus), often used as an ornament.
Bearward	A keeper of bears. See Bearherd.
Beast	Any living creature; an animal; -- including man, insects, etc.
Beast	Any four-footed animal, that may be used for labor, food, or sport; as, a beast of burden.
Beast	As opposed to man: Any irrational animal.
Beast	Fig.: A coarse, brutal, filthy, or degraded fellow.
Beast	A game at cards similar to loo.
Beast	A penalty at beast, omber, etc. Hence: To be beasted, to be beaten at beast, omber, etc.
Beasthood	State or nature of a beast.
Beastings	See Biestings.
Beastlihead	Beastliness.
Beastlike	Like a beast.
Beastliness	The state or quality of being beastly.
Beastly	Pertaining to, or having the form, nature, or habits of, a beast.
Beastly	Characterizing the nature of a beast; contrary to the nature and dignity of man; brutal; filthy.
Beastly	Abominable; as, beastly weather.
Beat	of Beat
Beat	of Beat
Beaten	of Beat
Beating	of Beat
Beat	To strike repeatedly; to lay repeated blows upon; as, to beat one's breast; to beat iron so as to shape it; to beat grain, in order to force out the seeds; to beat eggs and sugar; to beat a drum.
Beat	To punish by blows; to thrash.
Beat	To scour or range over in hunting, accompanied with the noise made by striking bushes, etc., for the purpose of rousing game.
Beat	To dash against, or strike, as with water or wind.
Beat	To tread, as a path.
Beat	To overcome in a battle, contest, strife, race, game, etc.; to vanquish or conquer; to surpass.
Beat	To cheat; to chouse; to swindle; to defraud; -- often with out.
Beat	To exercise severely; to perplex; to trouble.
Beat	To give the signal for, by beat of drum; to sound by beat of drum; as, to beat an alarm, a charge, a parley, a retreat; to beat the general, the reveille, the tattoo. See Alarm, Charge, Parley, etc.
Beat	To strike repeatedly; to inflict repeated blows; to knock vigorously or loudly.
Beat	To move with pulsation or throbbing.
Beat	To come or act with violence; to dash or fall with force; to strike anything, as, rain, wind, and waves do.
Beat	To be in agitation or doubt.
Beat	To make progress against the wind, by sailing in a zigzag line or traverse.
Beat	To make a sound when struck; as, the drums beat.
Beat	To make a succession of strokes on a drum; as, the drummers beat to call soldiers to their quarters.
Beat	To sound with more or less rapid alternations of greater and less intensity, so as to produce a pulsating effect; -- said of instruments, tones, or vibrations, not perfectly in unison.
Beat	A stroke; a blow.
Beat	A recurring stroke; a throb; a pulsation; as, a beat of the heart; the beat of the pulse.
Beat	The rise or fall of the hand or foot, marking the divisions of time; a division of the measure so marked. In the rhythm of music the beat is the unit.
Beat	A transient grace note, struck immediately before the one it is intended to ornament.
Beat	A sudden swelling or reenforcement of a sound, recurring at regular intervals, and produced by the interference of sound waves of slightly different periods of vibrations; applied also, by analogy, to other kinds of wave motions; the pulsation or throbbing produced by the vibrating together of two tones not quite in unison. See Beat, v. i., 8.
Beat	A round or course which is frequently gone over; as, a watchman's beat.
Beat	A place of habitual or frequent resort.
Beat	A cheat or swindler of the lowest grade; -- often emphasized by dead; as, a dead beat.
Beat	Weary; tired; fatigued; exhausted.
Beaten	Made smooth by beating or treading; worn by use.
Beaten	Vanquished; conquered; baffled.
Beaten	Exhausted; tired out.
Beaten	Become common or trite; as, a beaten phrase.
Beaten	Tried; practiced.
Beater	One who, or that which, beats.
Beater	A person who beats up game for the hunters.
Beath	To bathe; also, to dry or heat, as unseasoned wood.
Beatific	Alt. of Beatifical
Beatifical	Having the power to impart or complete blissful enjoyment; blissful.
Beatificate	To beatify.
Beatification	The act of beatifying, or the state of being beatified; esp., in the R. C. Church, the act or process of ascertaining and declaring that a deceased person is one of "the blessed," or has attained the second degree of sanctity, -- usually a stage in the process of canonization.
Beatified	of Beatify
Beatifying	of Beatify
Beatify	To pronounce or regard as happy, or supremely blessed, or as conferring happiness.
Beatify	To make happy; to bless with the completion of celestial enjoyment.
Beatify	To ascertain and declare, by a public process and decree, that a deceased person is one of "the blessed" and is to be reverenced as such, though not canonized.
Beating	The act of striking or giving blows; punishment or chastisement by blows.
Beating	Pulsation; throbbing; as, the beating of the heart.
Beating	Pulsative sounds. See Beat, n.
Beating	The process of sailing against the wind by tacks in zigzag direction.
Beatitude	Felicity of the highest kind; consummate bliss.
Beatitude	Any one of the nine declarations (called the Beatitudes), made in the Sermon on the Mount (Matt. v. 3-12), with regard to the blessedness of those who are distinguished by certain specified virtues.
Beatitude	Beatification.
Beaux	of Beau
Beaus	of Beau
Beau	A man who takes great care to dress in the latest fashion; a dandy.
Beau	A man who escorts, or pays attentions to, a lady; an escort; a lover.
Beaucatcher	A small flat curl worn on the temple by women.
Beaufet	A niche, cupboard, or sideboard for plate, china, glass, etc.; a buffet.
Beaufin	See Biffin.
Beau ideal	A conception or image of consummate beauty, moral or physical, formed in the mind, free from all the deformities, defects, and blemishes seen in actual existence; an ideal or faultless standard or model.
Beauish	Like a beau; characteristic of a beau; foppish; fine.
Beau monde	The fashionable world; people of fashion and gayety.
Beaupere	A father.
Beaupere	A companion.
Beauseant	The black and white standard of the Knights Templars.
Beauship	The state of being a beau; the personality of a beau.
Beauteous	Full of beauty; beautiful; very handsome.
Beautied	Beautiful; embellished.
Beautifier	One who, or that which, beautifies or makes beautiful.
Beautiful	Having the qualities which constitute beauty; pleasing to the sight or the mind.
Beautified	of Beautify
Beautifying	of Beautify
Beautify	To make or render beautiful; to add beauty to; to adorn; to deck; to grace; to embellish.
Beautify	To become beautiful; to advance in beauty.
Beautiless	Destitute of beauty.
Beautie	of Beauty
Beauty	An assemblage or graces or properties pleasing to the eye, the ear, the intellect, the aesthetic faculty, or the moral sense.
Beauty	A particular grace, feature, ornament, or excellence; anything beautiful; as, the beauties of nature.
Beauty	A beautiful person, esp. a beautiful woman.
Beauty	Prevailing style or taste; rage; fashion.
Beaux	pl. of Beau.
Beauxite	See Bauxite.
Beaver	An amphibious rodent, of the genus Castor.
Beaver	The fur of the beaver.
Beaver	A hat, formerly made of the fur of the beaver, but now usually of silk.
Beaver	Beaver cloth, a heavy felted woolen cloth, used chiefly for making overcoats.
Beaver	That piece of armor which protected the lower part of the face, whether forming a part of the helmet or fixed to the breastplate. It was so constructed (with joints or otherwise) that the wearer could raise or lower it to eat and drink.
Beavered	Covered with, or wearing, a beaver or hat.
Beaverteen	A kind of fustian made of coarse twilled cotton, shorn after dyeing.
Bebeerine	Alt. of Bebirine
Bebirine	An alkaloid got from the bark of the bebeeru, or green heart of Guiana (Nectandra Rodioei). It is a tonic, antiperiodic, and febrifuge, and is used in medicine as a substitute for quinine.
Bebleed	To make bloody; to stain with blood.
Beblood	Alt. of Bebloody
Bebloody	To make bloody; to stain with blood.
Beblot	To blot; to stain.
Beblubber	To make swollen and disfigured or sullied by weeping; as, her eyes or cheeks were beblubbered.
Becalmed	of Becalm
Becalming	of Becalm
Becalm	To render calm or quiet; to calm; to still; to appease.
Becalm	To keep from motion, or stop the progress of, by the stilling of the wind; as, the fleet was becalmed.
Became	imp. of Become.
Becard	A South American bird of the flycatcher family. (Tityra inquisetor).
Because	By or for the cause that; on this account that; for the reason that.
Because	In order that; that.
Beccabunga	See Brooklime.
Beccaficos	of Beccafico
Beccafico	A small bird. (Silvia hortensis), which is highly prized by the Italians for the delicacy of its flesh in the autumn, when it has fed on figs, grapes, etc.
Bechamel	A rich, white sauce, prepared with butter and cream.
Bechance	By chance; by accident.
Bechance	To befall; to chance; to happen to.
Becharm	To charm; to captivate.
Beche de mer	The trepang.
Bechic	Pertaining to, or relieving, a cough.
Bechic	A medicine for relieving coughs.
Beck	See Beak.
Beck	A small brook.
Beck	A vat. See Back.
Becked	of Beck
Becking	of Beck
Beck	To nod, or make a sign with the head or hand.
Beck	To notify or call by a nod, or a motion of the head or hand; to intimate a command to.
Beck	A significant nod, or motion of the head or hand, esp. as a call or command.
Becker	A European fish (Pagellus centrodontus); the sea bream or braise.
Becket	A small grommet, or a ring or loop of rope / metal for holding things in position, as spars, ropes, etc.; also a bracket, a pocket, or a handle made of rope.
Becket	A spade for digging turf.
Beckoned	of Beckon
Beckoning	of Beckon
Beckon	To make a significant sign to; hence, to summon, as by a motion of the hand.
Beckon	A sign made without words; a beck.
Beclap	To catch; to grasp; to insnare.
Beclipped	of Beclip
Beclip	To embrace; to surround.
Beclouded	of Becloud
Beclouding	of Becloud
Becloud	To cause obscurity or dimness to; to dim; to cloud.
Became	of Become
Become	of Become
Becoming	of Become
Become	To pass from one state to another; to enter into some state or condition, by a change from another state, or by assuming or receiving new properties or qualities, additional matter, or a new character.
Become	To come; to get.
Become	To suit or be suitable to; to be congruous with; to befit; to accord with, in character or circumstances; to be worthy of, or proper for; to cause to appear well; -- said of persons and things.
Becomed	Proper; decorous.
Becoming	Appropriate or fit; congruous; suitable; graceful; befitting.
Becoming	That which is becoming or appropriate.
Becomingly	In a becoming manner.
Becomingness	The quality of being becoming, appropriate, or fit; congruity; fitness.
Becripple	To make a cripple of; to cripple; to lame.
Becuna	A fish of the Mediterranean (Sphyraena spet). See Barracuda.
Becurl	To curl; to adorn with curls.
Bed	An article of furniture to sleep or take rest in or on; a couch. Specifically: A sack or mattress, filled with some soft material, in distinction from the bedstead on which it is placed (as, a feather bed), or this with the bedclothes added. In a general sense, any thing or place used for sleeping or reclining on or in, as a quantity of hay, straw, leaves, or twigs.
Bed	(Used as the symbol of matrimony) Marriage.
Bed	A plat or level piece of ground in a garden, usually a little raised above the adjoining ground.
Bed	A mass or heap of anything arranged like a bed; as, a bed of ashes or coals.
Bed	The bottom of a watercourse, or of any body of water; as, the bed of a river.
Bed	A layer or seam, or a horizontal stratum between layers; as, a bed of coal, iron, etc.
Bed	See Gun carriage, and Mortar bed.
Bed	The horizontal surface of a building stone; as, the upper and lower beds.
Bed	A course of stone or brick in a wall.
Bed	The place or material in which a block or brick is laid.
Bed	The lower surface of a brick, slate, or tile.
Bed	The foundation or the more solid and fixed part or framing of a machine; or a part on which something is laid or supported; as, the bed of an engine.
Bed	The superficial earthwork, or ballast, of a railroad.
Bed	The flat part of the press, on which the form is laid.
Bedded	of Bed
Bedding	of Bed
Bed	To place in a bed.
Bed	To make partaker of one's bed; to cohabit with.
Bed	To furnish with a bed or bedding.
Bed	To plant or arrange in beds; to set, or cover, as in a bed of soft earth; as, to bed the roots of a plant in mold.
Bed	To lay or put in any hollow place, or place of rest and security, surrounded or inclosed; to embed; to furnish with or place upon a bed or foundation; as, to bed a stone; it was bedded on a rock.
Bed	To dress or prepare the surface of stone) so as to serve as a bed.
Bed	To lay flat; to lay in order; to place in a horizontal or recumbent position.
Bed	To go to bed; to cohabit.
Bedabbled	of Bedabble
Bedabbling	of Bedabble
Bedabble	To dabble; to sprinkle or wet.
Bedaff	To make a daff or fool of.
Bedagat	The sacred books of the Buddhists in Burmah.
Bedaggle	To daggle.
Bedashed	of Bedash
Bedashing	of Bedash
Bedash	To wet by dashing or throwing water or other liquid upon; to bespatter.
Bedaubed	of Bedaub
Bedaubing	of Bedaub
Bedaub	To daub over; to besmear or soil with anything thick and dirty.
Bedazzled	of Bedazzle
Bedazzling	of Bedazzle
Bedazzle	To dazzle or make dim by a strong light.
Bedbug	A wingless, bloodsucking, hemipterous insect (Cimex Lectularius), sometimes infesting houses and especially beds.  See Illustration in Appendix.
Bedchair	A chair with adjustable back, for the sick, to support them while sitting up in bed.
Bedchamber	A chamber for a bed; an apartment form sleeping in.
Bedclothes	Blankets, sheets, coverlets, etc., for a bed.
Bedcord	A cord or rope interwoven in a bedstead so as to support the bed.
Bedded	Provided with a bed; as, double-bedded room; placed or arranged in a bed or beds.
Bedding	A bed and its furniture; the materials of a bed, whether for man or beast; bedclothes; litter.
Bedding	The state or position of beds and layers.
Bede	To pray; also, to offer; to proffer.
Bede	A kind of pickax.
Bedecked	of Bedeck
Bedecking	of Bedeck
Bedeck	To deck, ornament, or adorn; to grace.
Bedeguar	Alt. of Bedegar
Bedegar	A gall produced on rosebushes, esp. on the sweetbrier or eglantine, by a puncture from the ovipositor of a gallfly (Rhodites rosae). It was once supposed to have medicinal properties.
Bedehouse	Same as Beadhouse.
Bedel	Alt. of Bedell
Bedell	Same as Beadle.
Bedelry	Beadleship.
Beden	The Abyssinian or Arabian ibex (Capra Nubiana). It is probably the wild goat of the Bible.
Bedesman	Same as Beadsman.
Bedevilled	of Bedevil
Bedeviling	of Bedevil
Bedevilling	of Bedevil
Bedevil	To throw into utter disorder and confusion, as if by the agency of evil spirits; to bring under diabolical influence; to torment.
Bedevil	To spoil; to corrupt.
Bedevilment	The state of being bedeviled; bewildering confusion; vexatious trouble.
Bedewed	of Bedew
Bedewing	of Bedew
Bedew	To moisten with dew, or as with dew.
Bedewer	One who, or that which, bedews.
Bedewy	Moist with dew; dewy.
Bedfellow	One who lies with another in the same bed; a person who shares one's couch.
Bedfere  Bedphere	A bedfellow.
Bedgown	A nightgown.
Bedight	of Bedight
Bedighted	of Bedight
Bedight	To bedeck; to array or equip; to adorn.
Bedimmed	of Bedim
Bedimming	of Bedim
Bedim	To make dim; to obscure or darken.
Bedizen	To dress or adorn tawdrily or with false taste.
Bedizenment	That which bedizens; the act of dressing, or the state of being dressed, tawdrily.
Bedkey	An instrument for tightening the parts of a bedstead.
Bedlam	A place appropriated to the confinement and care of the insane; a madhouse.
Bedlam	An insane person; a lunatic; a madman.
Bedlam	Any place where uproar and confusion prevail.
Bedlam	Belonging to, or fit for, a madhouse.
Bedlamite	An inhabitant of a madhouse; a madman.
Bedmaker	One who makes beds.
Bed-molding	Alt. of Bed-moulding
Bed-moulding	The molding of a cornice immediately below the corona.
Bedote	To cause to dote; to deceive.
Bedouin	One of the nomadic Arabs who live in tents, and are scattered over Arabia, Syria, and northern Africa, esp. in the deserts.
Bedouin	Pertaining to the Bedouins; nomad.
Bedpan	A pan for warming beds.
Bedpan	A shallow chamber vessel, so constructed that it can be used by a sick person in bed.
Bedphere	See Bedfere.
Bedpiece	Alt. of Bedplate
Bedplate	The foundation framing or piece, by which the other parts are supported and held in place; the bed; -- called also baseplate and soleplate.
Bedpost	One of the four standards that support a bedstead or the canopy over a bedstead.
Bedpost	Anciently, a post or pin on each side of the bed to keep the clothes from falling off.  See Bedstaff.
Bedquilt	A quilt for a bed; a coverlet.
Bedrabble	To befoul with rain and mud; to drabble.
Bedraggled	of Bedraggle
Bedraggling	of Bedraggle
Bedraggle	To draggle; to soil, as garments which, in walking, are suffered to drag in dust, mud, etc.
Bedrenched	of Bedrench
Bedrenching	of Bedrench
Bedrench	To drench; to saturate with moisture; to soak.
Bedribble	To dribble upon.
Bedrid	Alt. of Bedridden
Bedridden	Confined to the bed by sickness or infirmity.
Bedright  Bedrite	The duty or privilege of the marriage bed.
Bedrizzle	To drizzle upon.
Bed rock	The solid rock underlying superficial formations.  Also Fig.
Bedroom	A room or apartment intended or used for a bed; a lodging room.
Bedroom	Room in a bed.
Bedrop	To sprinkle, as with drops.
Bedrug	To drug abundantly or excessively.
Bed screw	A form of jack screw for lifting large bodies, and assisting in launching.
Bed screw	A long screw formerly used to fasten a bedpost to one of the adjacent side pieces.
Bedside	The side of a bed.
Bedsite	A recess in a room for a bed.
Bedsore	A sore on the back or hips caused by lying for a long time in bed.
Bedspread	A bedquilt; a counterpane; a coverlet.
Bedstaves	of Bedstaff
Bedstaff	"A wooden pin stuck anciently on the sides of the bedstead, to hold the clothes from slipping on either side."
Bedstead	A framework for supporting a bed.
Bed steps	Steps for mounting a bed of unusual height.
Bedstock	The front or the back part of the frame of a bedstead.
Bedstraw	Straw put into a bed.
Bedstraw	A genus of slender herbs, usually with square stems, whorled leaves, and small white flowers.
Bedswerver	One who swerves from and is unfaithful to the marriage vow.
Bedtick	A tick or bag made of cloth, used for inclosing the materials of a bed.
Bedtime	The time to go to bed.
Beducked	of Beduck
Beduck	To duck; to put the head under water; to immerse.
Beduin	See Bedouin.
Bedunged	of Bedung
Bedung	To cover with dung, as for manuring; to bedaub or defile, literally or figuratively.
Bedust	To sprinkle, soil, or cover with dust.
Bedward	Towards bed.
Bedwarfed	of Bedwarf
Bedwarf	To make a dwarf of; to stunt or hinder the growth of; to dwarf.
Bedyed	of Bedye
Bedyeing	of Bedye
Bedye	To dye or stain.
Bee	p. p. of Be; -- used for been.
Bee	An insect of the order Hymenoptera, and family Apidae (the honeybees), or family Andrenidae (the solitary bees.) See Honeybee.
Bee	A neighborly gathering of people who engage in united labor for the benefit of an individual or family; as, a quilting bee; a husking bee; a raising bee.
Bee	Pieces of hard wood bolted to the sides of the bowsprit, to reeve the fore-topmast stays through; -- called also bee blocks.
Beebread	A brown, bitter substance found in some of the cells of honeycomb. It is made chiefly from the pollen of flowers, which is collected by bees as food for their young.
Beeches	of Beech
Beech	A tree of the genus Fagus.
Beechen	Consisting, or made, of the wood or bark of the beech; belonging to the beech.
Beechnut	The nut of the beech tree.
Beech tree	The beech.
Beechy	Of or relating to beeches.
Bee-eater	A bird of the genus Merops, that feeds on bees. The European species (M. apiaster) is remarkable for its brilliant colors.
Bee-eater	An African bird of the genus Rhinopomastes.
Beef	An animal of the genus Bos, especially the common species, B. taurus, including the bull, cow, and ox, in their full grown state; esp., an ox or cow fattened for food.
Beef	The flesh of an ox, or cow, or of any adult bovine animal, when slaughtered for food.
Beef	Applied colloquially to human flesh.
Beef	Of, pertaining to, or resembling, beef.
Beefeater	One who eats beef; hence, a large, fleshy person.
Beefeater	One of the yeomen of the guard, in England.
Beefeater	An African bird of the genus Buphaga, which feeds on the larvae of botflies hatched under the skin of oxen, antelopes, etc. Two species are known.
Beefsteak	A steak of beef; a slice of beef broiled or suitable for broiling.
Beef-witted	Stupid; dull.
Beefwood	An Australian tree (Casuarina), and its red wood, used for cabinetwork; also, the trees Stenocarpus salignus of New South Wales, and Banksia compar of Queensland.
Beefy	Having much beef; of the nature of beef; resembling beef; fleshy.
Beehive	A hive for a swarm of bees. Also used figuratively.
Beehouse	A house for bees; an apiary.
Bee larkspur	(Bot.) See Larkspur.
Beeld	Same as Beild.
Bee line	The shortest line from one place to another, like that of a bee to its hive when loaded with honey; an air line.
Beelzebub	The title of a heathen deity to whom the Jews ascribed the sovereignty of the evil spirits; hence, the Devil or a devil. See Baal.
Beem	A trumpet.
Beemaster	One who keeps bees.
Been	The past participle of Be. In old authors it is also the pr. tense plural of Be. See 1st Bee.
Beer	A fermented liquor made from any malted grain, but commonly from barley malt, with hops or some other substance to impart a bitter flavor.
Beer	A fermented extract of the roots and other parts of various plants, as spruce, ginger, sassafras, etc.
Beeregar	Sour beer.
Beerhouse	A house where malt liquors are sold; an alehouse.
Beeriness	Beery condition.
Beery	Of or resembling beer; affected by beer; maudlin.
Beestings	Same as Biestings.
Beeswax	The wax secreted by bees, and of which their cells are constructed.
Beeswing	The second crust formed in port and some other wines after long keeping. It consists of pure, shining scales of tartar, supposed to resemble the wing of a bee.
Beet	A biennial plant of the genus Beta, which produces an edible root the first year and seed the second year.
Beet	The root of plants of the genus Beta, different species and varieties of which are used for the table, for feeding stock, or in making sugar.
Beete	Alt. of Bete
Bete	To mend; to repair.
Bete	To renew or enkindle (a fire).
Beetle	A heavy mallet, used to drive wedges, beat pavements, etc.
Beetle	A machine in which fabrics are subjected to a hammering process while passing over rollers, as in cotton mills; -- called also beetling machine.
Beetled	of Beetle
Beetling	of Beetle
Beetle	To beat with a heavy mallet.
Beetle	To finish by subjecting to a hammering process in a beetle or beetling machine; as, to beetle cotton goods.
Beetle	Any insect of the order Coleoptera, having four wings, the outer pair being stiff cases for covering the others when they are folded up. See Coleoptera.
Beetle	To extend over and beyond the base or support; to overhang; to jut.
Beetle brow	An overhanging brow.
Beetle-browed	Having prominent, overhanging brows; hence, lowering or sullen.
Beetlehead	A stupid fellow; a blockhead.
Beetlehead	The black-bellied plover, or bullhead (Squatarola helvetica). See Plover.
Beetle-headed	Dull; stupid.
Beetlestock	The handle of a beetle.
Beet radish	Same as Beetrave.
Beetrave	The common beet (Beta vulgaris).
Beeve	A beef; a beef creature.
Beeves	plural of Beef, the animal.
Befell	of Befall
Befallen	of Befall
Befalling	of Befall
Befall	To happen to.
Befall	To come to pass; to happen.
Befitted	of Befit
Befitting	of Befit
Befit	To be suitable to; to suit; to become.
Befitting	Suitable; proper; becoming; fitting.
Befittingly	In a befitting manner; suitably.
Beflatter	To flatter excessively.
Beflower	To besprinkle or scatter over with, or as with, flowers.
Befogged	of Befog
Befogging	of Befog
Befog	To involve in a fog; -- mostly as a participle or part. adj.
Befog	Hence: To confuse; to mystify.
Befooled	of Befool
Befooling	of Befool
Befool	To fool; to delude or lead into error; to infatuate; to deceive.
Befool	To cause to behave like a fool; to make foolish.
Before	In front of; preceding in space; ahead of; as, to stand before the fire; before the house.
Before	Preceding in time; earlier than; previously to; anterior to the time when; -- sometimes with the additional idea of purpose; in order that.
Before	An advance of; farther onward, in place or time.
Before	Prior or preceding in dignity, order, rank, right, or worth; rather than.
Before	In presence or sight of; face to face with; facing.
Before	Under the cognizance or jurisdiction of.
Before	Open for; free of access to; in the power of.
Before	On the fore part; in front, or in the direction of the front; -- opposed to in the rear.
Before	In advance.
Before	In time past; previously; already.
Before	Earlier; sooner than; until then.
Beforehand	In a state of anticipation ore preoccupation; in advance; -- often followed by with.
Beforehand	By way of preparation, or preliminary; previously; aforetime.
Beforehand	In comfortable circumstances as regards property; forehanded.
Beforetime	Formerly; aforetime.
Befortune	To befall.
Befouled	of Befoul
Befouling	of Befoul
Befoul	To make foul; to soil.
Befoul	To entangle or run against so as to impede motion.
Befriended	of Befriend
Befriending	of Befriend
Befriend	To act as a friend to; to favor; to aid, benefit, or countenance.
Befriendment	Act of befriending.
Befrill	To furnish or deck with a frill.
Befringe	To furnish with a fringe; to form a fringe upon; to adorn as with fringe.
Befuddled	of Befuddle
Befuddle	To becloud and confuse, as with liquor.
Beg	A title of honor in Turkey and in some other parts of the East; a bey.
Begged	of Beg
Begging	of Beg
Beg	To ask earnestly for; to entreat or supplicate for; to beseech.
Beg	To ask for as a charity, esp. to ask for habitually or from house to house.
Beg	To make petition to; to entreat; as, to beg a person to grant a favor.
Beg	To take for granted; to assume without proof.
Beg	To ask to be appointed guardian for, or to ask to have a guardian appointed for.
Beg	To ask alms or charity, especially to ask habitually by the wayside or from house to house; to live by asking alms.
Bega	See Bigha.
Begemmed	of Begem
Begemming	of Begem
Begem	To adorn with gems, or as with gems.
Begot	of Beget
Begat	of Beget
Begot	of Beget
Begotten	of Beget
Begetting	of Beget
Beget	To procreate, as a father or sire; to generate; -- commonly said of the father.
Beget	To get (with child.)
Beget	To produce as an effect; to cause to exist.
Begetter	One who begets; a father.
Beggable	Capable of being begged.
Beggar	One who begs; one who asks or entreats earnestly, or with humility; a petitioner.
Beggar	One who makes it his business to ask alms.
Beggar	One who is dependent upon others for support; -- a contemptuous or sarcastic use.
Beggar	One who assumes in argument what he does not prove.
Beggared	of Beggar
Beggaring	of Beggar
Beggar	To reduce to beggary; to impoverish; as, he had beggared himself.
Beggar	To cause to seem very poor and inadequate.
Beggarhood	The condition of being a beggar; also, the class of beggars.
Beggarism	Beggary.
Beggarliness	The quality or state of being beggarly; meanness.
Beggarly	In the condition of, or like, a beggar; suitable for a beggar; extremely indigent; poverty-stricken; mean; poor; contemptible.
Beggarly	Produced or occasioned by beggary.
Beggarly	In an indigent, mean, or despicable manner; in the manner of a beggar.
Beggar's lice	The prickly fruit or seed of certain plants (as some species of Echinospermum and Cynoglossum) which cling to the clothing of those who brush by them.
Beggar's ticks	The bur marigold (Bidens) and its achenes, which are armed with barbed awns, and adhere to clothing and fleeces with unpleasant tenacity.
Beggary	The act of begging; the state of being a beggar; mendicancy; extreme poverty.
Beggary	Beggarly appearance.
Beggary	Beggarly.
Beggestere	A beggar.
Beghard	Alt. of Beguard
Beguard	One of an association of religious laymen living in imitation of the Beguines. They arose in the thirteenth century, were afterward subjected to much persecution, and were suppressed by Innocent X. in 1650.  Called also Beguins.
Begilded	of Begild
Begilt	of Begild
Begild	To gild.
Began	of Begin
Begun	of Begin
Beginning	of Begin
Begin	To have or commence an independent or first existence; to take rise; to commence.
Begin	To do the first act or the first part of an action; to enter upon or commence something new, as a new form or state of being, or course of action; to take the first step; to start.
Begin	To enter on; to commence.
Begin	To trace or lay the foundation of; to make or place a beginning of.
Begin	Beginning.
Beginner	One who begins or originates anything. Specifically: A young or inexperienced practitioner or student; a tyro.
Beginning	The act of doing that which begins anything; commencement of an action, state, or space of time; entrance into being or upon a course; the first act, effort, or state of a succession of acts or states.
Beginning	That which begins or originates something; the first cause; origin; source.
Beginning	That which is begun; a rudiment or element.
Beginning	Enterprise.
Begirt	of Begird
Begirded	of Begird
Begirt	of Begird
Begirding	of Begird
Begird	To bind with a band or girdle; to gird.
Begird	To surround as with a band; to encompass.
Begirdle	To surround as with a girdle.
Begirt	To encompass; to begird.
Beglerbeg	The governor of a province of the Ottoman empire, next in dignity to the grand vizier.
Begnawed	of Begnaw
Begnawn	of Begnaw
Begnaw	To gnaw; to eat away; to corrode.
Begodded	of Begod
Begod	To exalt to the dignity of a god; to deify.
Begone	Go away; depart; get you gone.
Begone	Surrounded; furnished; beset; environed (as in woe-begone).
Begonia	A genus of plants, mostly of tropical America, many species of which are grown as ornamental plants. The leaves are curiously one-sided, and often exhibit brilliant colors.
Begore	To besmear with gore.
Begot	imp. & p. p. of Beget.
Begotten	p. p. of Beget.
Begrave	To bury; also, to engrave.
Begrease	To soil or daub with grease or other oily matter.
Begrimed	of Begrime
Begriming	of Begrime
Begrime	To soil with grime or dirt deeply impressed or rubbed in.
Begrimer	One who, or that which, begrimes.
Begrudged	of Begrudge
Begrudging	of Begrudge
Begrudge	To grudge; to envy the possession of.
Beguiled	of Beguile
Beguiling	of Beguile
Beguile	To delude by guile, artifice, or craft; to deceive or impose on, as by a false statement; to lure.
Beguile	To elude, or evade by craft; to foil.
Beguile	To cause the time of to pass without notice; to relieve the tedium or weariness of; to while away; to divert.
Beguilement	The act of beguiling, or the state of being beguiled.
Beguiler	One who, or that which, beguiles.
Beguiling	Alluring by guile; deluding; misleading; diverting.
Beguin	See Beghard.
Beguinage	A collection of small houses surrounded by a wall and occupied by a community of Beguines.
Beguine	A woman belonging to one of the religious and charitable associations or communities in the Netherlands, and elsewhere, whose members live in beguinages and are not bound by perpetual vows.
Begum	In the East Indies, a princess or lady of high rank.
Begun	p. p. of Begin.
Behalf	Advantage; favor; stead; benefit; interest; profit; support; defense; vindication.
Behappen	To happen to.
Behaved	of Behave
Behaving	of Behave
Behave	To manage or govern in point of behavior; to discipline; to handle; to restrain.
Behave	To carry; to conduct; to comport; to manage; to bear; -- used reflexively.
Behave	To act; to conduct; to bear or carry one's self; as, to behave well or ill.
Behavior	Manner of behaving, whether good or bad; mode of conducting one's self; conduct; deportment; carriage; -- used also of inanimate objects; as, the behavior of a ship in a storm; the behavior of the magnetic needle.
Beheaded	of Behead
Beheading	of Behead
Behead	To sever the head from; to take off the head of.
Beheadal	Beheading.
Beheld	imp. & p. p. of Behold.
Behemoth	An animal, probably the hippopotamus, described in Job xl. 15-24.
Behen	Alt. of Behn
Behn	The Centaurea behen, or saw-leaved centaury.
Behn	The Cucubalus behen, or bladder campion, now called Silene inflata.
Behn	The Statice limonium, or sea lavender.
Behest	That which is willed or ordered; a command; a mandate; an injunction.
Behest	A vow; a promise.
Behest	To vow.
Behete	See Behight.
Behight	of Behight
Behight	of Behight
Behoten	of Behight
Behight	To promise; to vow.
Behight	To give in trust; to commit; to intrust.
Behight	To adjudge; to assign by authority.
Behight	To mean, or intend.
Behight	To consider or esteem to be; to declare to be.
Behight	To call; to name; to address.
Behight	To command; to order.
Behight	A vow; a promise.
Behind	On the side opposite the front or nearest part; on the back side of; at the back of; on the other side of; as, behind a door; behind a hill.
Behind	Left after the departure of, whether this be by removing to a distance or by death.
Behind	Left a distance by, in progress of improvement Hence: Inferior to in dignity, rank, knowledge, or excellence, or in any achievement.
Behind	At the back part; in the rear.
Behind	Toward the back part or rear; backward; as, to look behind.
Behind	Not yet brought forward, produced, or exhibited to view; out of sight; remaining.
Behind	Backward in time or order of succession; past.
Behind	After the departure of another; as, to stay behind.
Behind	The backside; the rump.
Behindhand	In arrears financially; in a state where expenditures have exceeded the receipt of funds.
Behindhand	In a state of backwardness, in respect to what is seasonable or appropriate, or as to what should have been accomplished; not equally forward with some other person or thing; dilatory; backward; late; tardy; as, behindhand in studies or in work.
Behither	On this side of.
Beheld	of Behold
Beholden	of Behold
Beholding	of Behold
Behold	To have in sight; to see clearly; to look at; to regard with the eyes.
Behold	To direct the eyes to, or fix them upon, an object; to look; to see.
Beholden	Obliged; bound in gratitude; indebted.
Beholder	One who beholds; a spectator.
Beholding	Obliged; beholden.
Beholding	The act of seeing; sight; also, that which is beheld.
Beholdingness	The state of being obliged or beholden.
Behoof	Advantage; profit; benefit; interest; use.
Behoovable	Supplying need; profitable; advantageous.
Behooved	of Behoove
Behooving	of Behoove
Behoove	To be necessary for; to be fit for; to be meet for, with respect to necessity, duty, or convenience; -- mostly used impersonally.
Behoove	To be necessary, fit, or suitable; to befit; to belong as due.
Behoove	Advantage; behoof.
Behooveful	Advantageous; useful; profitable.
Behove	and derivatives. See Behoove, &c.
Behovely	Useful, or usefully.
Behowl	To howl at.
Beige	Debeige.
Beild	A place of shelter; protection; refuge.
Being	Existing.
Being	Existence, as opposed to nonexistence; state or sphere of existence.
Being	That which exists in any form, whether it be material or spiritual, actual or ideal; living existence, as distinguished from a thing without life; as, a human being; spiritual beings.
Being	Lifetime; mortal existence.
Being	An abode; a cottage.
Being	Since; inasmuch as.
Bejade	To jade or tire.
Bejape	To jape; to laugh at; to deceive.
Bejaundice	To infect with jaundice.
Bejeweled	of Bejewel
Bejewelled	of Bejewel
Bejeweling	of Bejewel
Bejewelling	of Bejewel
Bejewel	To ornament with a jewel or with jewels; to spangle.
Bejumble	To jumble together.
Bekah	Half a shekel.
Beknave	To call knave.
Beknow	To confess; to acknowledge.
Bel	The Babylonian name of the god known among the Hebrews as Baal. See Baal.
Belabored	of Belabor
Belaboring	of Belabor
Belabor	To ply diligently; to work carefully upon.
Belabor	To beat soundly; to cudgel.
Bel-accoyle	A kind or favorable reception or salutation.
Belaced	of Belace
Belace	To fasten, as with a lace or cord.
Belace	To cover or adorn with lace.
Belace	To beat with a strap. See Lace.
Belam	To beat or bang.
Belamour	A lover.
Belamour	A flower, but of what kind is unknown.
Belamy	Good friend; dear friend.
Belated	of Belate
Belating	of Belate
Belate	To retard or make too late.
Belated	Delayed beyond the usual time; too late; overtaken by night; benighted.
Belaud	To laud or praise greatly.
Belaid	of Belay
Belayed	of Belay
Belaying	of Belay
Belay	To lay on or cover; to adorn.
Belay	To make fast, as a rope, by taking several turns with it round a pin, cleat, or kevel.
Belay	To lie in wait for with a view to assault. Hence: to block up or obstruct.
Belaying pin	A strong pin in the side of a vessel, or by the mast, round which ropes are wound when they are fastened or belayed.
Belched	of Belch
Belching	of Belch
Belch	To eject or throw up from the stomach with violence; to eruct.
Belch	To eject violently from within; to cast forth; to emit; to give vent to; to vent.
Belch	To eject wind from the stomach through the mouth; to eructate.
Belch	To issue with spasmodic force or noise.
Belch	The act of belching; also, that which is belched; an eructation.
Belch	Malt liquor; -- vulgarly so called as causing eructation.
Belcher	One who, or that which, belches.
Beldam	Alt. of Beldame
Beldame	Grandmother; -- corresponding to belsire.
Beldame	An old woman in general; especially, an ugly old woman; a hag.
Beleaguered	of Beleaguer
Beleaguering	of Beleaguer
Beleaguer	To surround with an army so as to preclude escape; to besiege; to blockade.
Beleaguerer	One who beleaguers.
Beleft	of Beleave
Beleave	To leave or to be left.
Belectured	of Belecture
Belecturing	of Belecture
Belecture	To vex with lectures; to lecture frequently.
Belee	To place under the lee, or unfavorably to the wind.
Belemnite	A conical calcareous fossil, tapering to a point at the lower extremity, with a conical cavity at the other end, where it is ordinarily broken; but when perfect it contains a small chambered cone, called the phragmocone, prolonged, on one side, into a delicate concave blade; the thunderstone. It is the internal shell of a cephalopod related to the sepia, and belonging to an extinct family. The belemnites are found in rocks of the Jurassic and Cretaceous ages.
Belepered	of Beleper
Beleper	To infect with leprosy.
Beaux	of Bel-esprit
-esprits	of Bel-esprit
Bel-esprit	A fine genius, or man of wit.
Belfry	A movable tower erected by besiegers for purposes of attack and defense.
Belfry	A bell tower, usually attached to a church or other building, but sometimes separate; a campanile.
Belfry	A room in a tower in which a bell is or may be hung; or a cupola or turret for the same purpose.
Belfry	The framing on which a bell is suspended.
Belgard	A sweet or loving look.
Belgian	Of or pertaining to Belgium.
Belgian	A native or inhabitant of Belgium.
Belgic	Of or pertaining to the Belgae, a German tribe who anciently possessed the country between the Rhine, the Seine, and the ocean.
Belgic	Of or pertaining to the Netherlands or to Belgium.
Belgravian	Belonging to Belgravia (a fashionable quarter of London, around Pimlico), or to fashionable life; aristocratic.
Belial	An evil spirit; a wicked and unprincipled person; the personification of evil.
Belibel	To libel or traduce; to calumniate.
Belied	of Belie
Belying	of Belie
Belie	To show to be false; to convict of, or charge with, falsehood.
Belie	To give a false representation or account of.
Belie	To tell lie about; to calumniate; to slander.
Belie	To mimic; to counterfeit.
Belie	To fill with lies.
Belief	Assent to a proposition or affirmation, or the acceptance of a fact, opinion, or assertion as real or true, without immediate personal knowledge; reliance upon word or testimony; partial or full assurance without positive knowledge or absolute certainty; persuasion; conviction; confidence; as, belief of a witness; the belief of our senses.
Belief	A persuasion of the truths of religion; faith.
Belief	The thing believed; the object of belief.
Belief	A tenet, or the body of tenets, held by the advocates of any class of views; doctrine; creed.
Beliefful	Having belief or faith.
Believable	Capable of being believed; credible.
Believed	of Believe
Believing	of Believe
Believe	To exercise belief in; to credit upon the authority or testimony of another; to be persuaded of the truth of, upon evidence furnished by reasons, arguments, and deductions of the mind, or by circumstances other than personal knowledge; to regard or accept as true; to place confidence in; to think; to consider; as, to believe a person, a statement, or a doctrine.
Believe	To have a firm persuasion, esp. of the truths of religion; to have a persuasion approaching to certainty; to exercise belief or faith.
Believe	To think; to suppose.
Believer	One who believes; one who is persuaded of the truth or reality of some doctrine, person, or thing.
Believer	One who gives credit to the truth of the Scriptures, as a revelation from God; a Christian; -- in a more restricted sense, one who receives Christ as his Savior, and accepts the way of salvation unfolded in the gospel.
Believer	One who was admitted to all the rights of divine worship and instructed in all the mysteries of the Christian religion, in distinction from a catechumen, or one yet under instruction.
Believing	That believes; having belief.
Belight	To illuminate.
Belike	It is likely or probably; perhaps.
Belimed	of Belime
Belime	To besmear or insnare with birdlime.
Belittled	of Belittle
Belittling	of Belittle
Belittle	To make little or less in a moral sense; to speak of in a depreciatory or contemptuous way.
Belive	Forthwith; speedily; quickly.
Belk	To vomit.
Bell	A hollow metallic vessel, usually shaped somewhat like a cup with a flaring mouth, containing a clapper or tongue, and giving forth a ringing sound on being struck.
Bell	A hollow perforated sphere of metal containing a loose ball which causes it to sound when moved.
Bell	Anything in the form of a bell, as the cup or corol of a flower.
Bell	That part of the capital of a column included between the abacus and neck molding; also used for the naked core of nearly cylindrical shape, assumed to exist within the leafage of a capital.
Bell	The strikes of the bell which mark the time; or the time so designated.
Belled	of Bell
Belling	of Bell
Bell	To put a bell upon; as, to bell the cat.
Bell	To make bell-mouthed; as, to bell a tube.
Bell	To develop bells or corollas; to take the form of a bell; to blossom; as, hops bell.
Bell	To utter by bellowing.
Bell	To call or bellow, as the deer in rutting time; to make a bellowing sound; to roar.
Belladonna	An herbaceous European plant (Atropa belladonna) with reddish bell-shaped flowers and shining black berries. The whole plant and its fruit are very poisonous, and the root and leaves are used as powerful medicinal agents. Its properties are largely due to the alkaloid atropine which it contains. Called also deadly nightshade.
Belladonna	A species of Amaryllis (A. belladonna); the belladonna lily.
Bell animalcule	An infusorian of the family Vorticellidae, common in fresh-water ponds.
Bell bearer	A Brazilian leaf hopper (Bocydium tintinnabuliferum), remarkable for the four bell-shaped appendages of its thorax.
Bellbird	A South American bird of the genus Casmarhincos, and family Cotingidae, of several species; the campanero.
Bellbird	The Myzantha melanophrys of Australia.
Bell crank	A lever whose two arms form a right angle, or nearly a right angle, having its fulcrum at the apex of the angle. It is used in bell pulls and in changing the direction of bell wires at angles of rooms, etc., and also in machinery.
Belle	A young lady of superior beauty and attractions; a handsome lady, or one who attracts notice in society; a fair lady.
Belled	Hung with a bell or bells.
Belle-lettrist	One versed in belles-lettres.
Bellerophon	A genus of fossil univalve shells, believed to belong to the Heteropoda, peculiar to the Paleozoic age.
Belles-lettres	Polite or elegant literature; the humanities; -- used somewhat vaguely for literary works in which imagination and taste are predominant.
Belletristic	Alt. of Belletristical
Belletristical	Occupied with, or pertaining to, belles-lettres.
Bell-faced	Having the striking surface convex; -- said of hammers.
Bellflower	A plant of the genus Campanula; -- so named from its bell-shaped flowers.
Bellflower	A kind of apple. The yellow bellflower is a large, yellow winter apple.
Bellibone	A woman excelling both in beauty and goodness; a fair maid.
Bellic	Alt. of Bellical
Bellical	Of or pertaining to war; warlike; martial.
Bellicose	Inclined to war or contention; warlike; pugnacious.
Bellicosely	In a bellicose manner.
Bellicous	Bellicose.
Bellied	Having (such) a belly; puffed out; -- used in composition; as, pot-bellied; shad-bellied.
Belligerence	Alt. of Belligerency
Belligerency	The quality of being belligerent; act or state of making war; warfare.
Belligerent	Waging war; carrying on war.
Belligerent	Pertaining, or tending, to war; of or relating to belligerents; as, a belligerent tone; belligerent rights.
Belligerent	A nation or state recognized as carrying on war; a person engaged in warfare.
Belligerently	In a belligerent manner; hostilely.
Belling	A bellowing, as of a deer in rutting time.
Bellipotent	Mighty in war; armipotent.
Bell jar	A glass vessel, varying in size, open at the bottom and closed at the top like a bell, and having a knob or handle at the top for lifting it. It is used for a great variety of purposes; as, with the air pump, and for holding gases, also for keeping the dust from articles exposed to view.
Bellman	A man who rings a bell, especially to give notice of anything in the streets. Formerly, also, a night watchman who called the hours.
Bell metal	A hard alloy or bronze, consisting usually of about three parts of copper to one of tin; -- used for making bells.
Bell-mouthed	Expanding at the mouth; as, a bell-mouthed gun.
Bellon	Lead colic.
Bellona	The goddess of war.
Bellowed	of Bellow
Bellowing	of Bellow
Bellow	To make a hollow, loud noise, as an enraged bull.
Bellow	To bowl; to vociferate; to clamor.
Bellow	To roar; as the sea in a tempest, or as the wind when violent; to make a loud, hollow, continued sound.
Bellow	To emit with a loud voice; to shout; -- used with out.
Bellow	A loud resounding outcry or noise, as of an enraged bull; a roar.
Bellower	One who, or that which, bellows.
Bellows	An instrument, utensil, or machine, which, by alternate expansion and contraction, or by rise and fall of the top, draws in air through a valve and expels it through a tube for various purposes, as blowing fires, ventilating mines, or filling the pipes of an organ with wind.
Bellows fish	A European fish (Centriscus scolopax), distinguished by a long tubular snout, like the pipe of a bellows; -- called also trumpet fish, and snipe fish.
Bell pepper	A species of Capsicum, or Guinea pepper (C. annuum). It is the red pepper of the gardens.
Bell-shaped	Having the shape of a wide-mouthed bell; campanulate.
Belluine	Pertaining to, or like, a beast; brutal.
Bellwether	A wether, or sheep, which leads the flock, with a bell on his neck.
Bellwether	Hence: A leader.
Bellwort	A genus of plants (Uvularia) with yellowish bell-shaped flowers.
Bellies	of Belly
Belly	That part of the human body which extends downward from the breast to the thighs, and contains the bowels, or intestines; the abdomen.
Belly	The under part of the body of animals, corresponding to the human belly.
Belly	The womb.
Belly	The part of anything which resembles the human belly in protuberance or in cavity; the innermost part; as, the belly of a flask, muscle, sail, ship.
Belly	The hollow part of a curved or bent timber, the convex part of which is the back.
Bellied	of Belly
Bellying	of Belly
Belly	To cause to swell out; to fill.
Belly	To swell and become protuberant, like the belly; to bulge.
Bellyache	Pain in the bowels; colic.
Bellyband	A band that passes under the belly of a horse and holds the saddle or harness in place; a girth.
Bellyband	A band of flannel or other cloth about the belly.
Bellyband	A band of canvas, to strengthen a sail.
Bellybound	Costive; constipated.
Bellycheat	An apron or covering for the front of the person.
Bellycheer	Good cheer; viands.
Bellycheer	To revel; to feast.
Bellyful	As much as satisfies the appetite. Hence: A great abundance; more than enough.
Belly-god	One whose great pleasure it is to gratify his appetite; a glutton; an epicure.
Belly-pinched	Pinched with hunger; starved.
Belocked	of Belock
Belock	To lock, or fasten as with a lock.
Belomancy	A kind of divination anciently practiced by means of marked arrows drawn at random from a bag or quiver, the marks on the arrows drawn being supposed to foreshow the future.
Belonged	of Belong
Belonging	of Belong
Belong	To be the property of; as, Jamaica belongs to Great Britain.
Belong	To be a part of, or connected with; to be appendant or related; to owe allegiance or service.
Belong	To be the concern or proper business or function of; to appertain to.
Belong	To be suitable for; to be due to.
Belong	To be native to, or an inhabitant of; esp. to have a legal residence, settlement, or inhabitancy, whether by birth or operation of law, so as to be entitled to maintenance by the parish or town.
Belong	To be deserved by.
Belonging	That which belongs to one; that which pertains to one; hence, goods or effects.
Belonging	That which is connected with a principal or greater thing; an appendage; an appurtenance.
Belonging	Family; relations; household.
Belonite	Minute acicular or dendritic crystalline forms sometimes observed in glassy volcanic rocks.
Belooche Beloochee	Of or pertaining to Beloochistan, or to its inhabitants.
Belooche Beloochee	A native or an inhabitant of Beloochistan.
Belord	To act the lord over.
Belord	To address by the title of "lord".
Beloved	of Belove
Belove	To love.
Beloved	Greatly loved; dear to the heart.
Beloved	One greatly loved.
Below	Under, or lower in place; beneath not so high; as, below the moon; below the knee.
Below	Inferior to in rank, excellence, dignity, value, amount, price, etc.; lower in quality.
Below	Unworthy of; unbefitting; beneath.
Below	In a lower place, with respect to any object; in a lower room; beneath.
Below	On the earth, as opposed to the heavens.
Below	In hell, or the regions of the dead.
Below	In court or tribunal of inferior jurisdiction; as, at the trial below.
Below	In some part or page following.
Belowt	To treat as a lout; to talk abusively to.
Belsire	A grandfather, or ancestor.
Belswagger	A lewd man; also, a bully.
Belt	That which engirdles a person or thing; a band or girdle; as, a lady's belt; a sword belt.
Belt	That which restrains or confines as a girdle.
Belt	Anything that resembles a belt, or that encircles or crosses like a belt; a strip or stripe; as, a belt of trees; a belt of sand.
Belt	Same as Band, n., 2.   A very broad band is more properly termed a belt.
Belt	One of certain girdles or zones on the surface of the planets Jupiter and Saturn, supposed to be of the nature of clouds.
Belt	A narrow passage or strait; as, the Great Belt and the Lesser Belt, leading to the Baltic Sea.
Belt	A token or badge of knightly rank.
Belt	A band of leather, or other flexible substance, passing around two wheels, and communicating motion from one to the other.
Belt	A band or stripe, as of color, round any organ; or any circular ridge or series of ridges.
Belted	of Belt
Belting	of Belt
Belt	To encircle with, or as with, a belt; to encompass; to surround.
Belt	To shear, as the buttocks and tails of sheep.
Beltane	The first day of May (Old Style).
Beltane	A festival of the heathen Celts on the first day of May, in the observance of which great bonfires were kindled. It still exists in a modified form in some parts of Scotland and Ireland.
Belted	Encircled by, or secured with, a belt; as, a belted plaid; girt with a belt, as an honorary distinction; as, a belted knight; a belted earl.
Belted	Marked with a band or circle; as, a belted stalk.
Belted	Worn in, or suspended from, the belt.
Beltein	Alt. of Beltin
Beltin	See Beltane.
Belting	The material of which belts for machinery are made; also, belts, taken collectively.
Beluga	A cetacean allied to the dolphins.
Beluted	of Belute
Beluting	of Belute
Belute	To bespatter, as with mud.
Belvedere	A small building, or a part of a building, more or less open, constructed in a place commanding a fine prospect.
Belzebuth	A spider monkey (Ateles belzebuth) of Brazil.
Bema	A platform from which speakers addressed an assembly.
Bema	That part of an early Christian church which was reserved for the higher clergy; the inner or eastern part of the chancel.
Bema	Erroneously: A pulpit.
Bemad	To make mad.
Bemangle	To mangle; to tear asunder.
Bemask	To mask; to conceal.
Bemaster	To master thoroughly.
Bemaul	To maul or beat severely; to bruise.
Bemaze	To bewilder.
Bemean	To make mean; to lower.
Bemet	of Bemeet
Bemeeting	of Bemeet
Bemeet	To meet.
Bemete	To mete.
Bemingle	To mingle; to mix.
Bemired	of Bemire
Bemiring	of Bemire
Bemire	To drag through, encumber with, or fix in, the mire; to soil by passing through mud or dirt.
Bemist	To envelop in mist.
Bemoaned	of Bemoan
Bemoaning	of Bemoan
Bemoan	To express deep grief for by moaning; to express sorrow for; to lament; to bewail; to pity or sympathize with.
Bemoaner	One who bemoans.
Bemock	To mock; to ridicule.
Bemoil	To soil or encumber with mire and dirt.
Bemol	The sign /; the same as B flat.
Bemonster	To make monstrous or like a monster.
Bemourn	To mourn over.
Bemuddle	To muddle; to stupefy or bewilder; to confuse.
Bemuffle	To cover as with a muffler; to wrap up.
Bemuse	To muddle, daze, or partially stupefy, as with liquor.
Ben	Alt. of Ben nut
Ben nut	The seed of one or more species of moringa; as, oil of ben. See Moringa.
Ben	Within; in; in or into the interior; toward the inner apartment.
Ben	The inner or principal room in a hut or house of two rooms; -- opposed to but, the outer apartment.
Ben	An old form of the pl. indic. pr. of Be.
Benamed	of Bename
Benempt	of Bename
Bename	To promise; to name.
Benches	of Bench
Bench	A long seat, differing from a stool in its greater length.
Bench	A long table at which mechanics and other work; as, a carpenter's bench.
Bench	The seat where judges sit in court.
Bench	The persons who sit as judges; the court; as, the opinion of the full bench. See King's Bench.
Bench	A collection or group of dogs exhibited to the public; -- so named because the animals are usually placed on benches or raised platforms.
Bench	A conformation like a bench; a long stretch of flat ground, or a kind of natural terrace, near a lake or river.
Benched	of Bench
Benching	of Bench
Bench	To furnish with benches.
Bench	To place on a bench or seat of honor.
Bench	To sit on a seat of justice.
Bencher	One of the senior and governing members of an Inn of Court.
Bencher	An alderman of a corporation.
Bencher	A member of a court or council.
Bencher	One who frequents the benches of a tavern; an idler.
Bench warrant	A process issued by a presiding judge or by a court against a person guilty of some contempt, or indicted for some crime; -- so called in distinction from a justice's warrant.
Bended	of Bend
Bent	of Bend
Bending	of Bend
Bend	To strain or move out of a straight line; to crook by straining; to make crooked; to curve; to make ready for use by drawing into a curve; as, to bend a bow; to bend the knee.
Bend	To turn toward some certain point; to direct; to incline.
Bend	To apply closely or with interest; to direct.
Bend	To cause to yield; to render submissive; to subdue.
Bend	To fasten, as one rope to another, or as a sail to its yard or stay; or as a cable to the ring of an anchor.
Bend	To be moved or strained out of a straight line; to crook or be curving; to bow.
Bend	To jut over; to overhang.
Bend	To be inclined; to be directed.
Bend	To bow in prayer, or in token of submission.
Bend	A turn or deflection from a straight line or from the proper direction or normal position; a curve; a crook; as, a slight bend of the body; a bend in a road.
Bend	Turn; purpose; inclination; ends.
Bend	A knot by which one rope is fastened to another or to an anchor, spar, or post.
Bend	The best quality of sole leather; a butt. See Butt.
Bend	Hard, indurated clay; bind.
Bend	same as caisson disease.  Usually referred to as the bends.
Bend	A band.
Bend	One of the honorable ordinaries, containing a third or a fifth part of the field. It crosses the field diagonally from the dexter chief to the sinister base.
Bendable	Capable of being bent.
Bender	One who, or that which, bends.
Bender	An instrument used for bending.
Bender	A drunken spree.
Bender	A sixpence.
Bending	The marking of the clothes with stripes or horizontal bands.
Bendlet	A narrow bend, esp. one half the width of the bend.
Bendwise	Diagonally.
Bendy	Divided into an even number of bends; -- said of a shield or its charge.
Bene	See Benne.
Bene	A prayer; boon.
Bene	Alt. of Ben
Ben	A hoglike mammal of New Guinea (Porcula papuensis).
Beneaped	See Neaped.
Beneath	Lower in place, with something directly over or on; under; underneath; hence, at the foot of.
Beneath	Under, in relation to something that is superior, or that oppresses or burdens.
Beneath	Lower in rank, dignity, or excellence than; as, brutes are beneath man; man is beneath angels in the scale of beings. Hence: Unworthy of; unbecoming.
Beneath	In a lower place; underneath.
Beneath	Below, as opposed to heaven, or to any superior region or position; as, in earth beneath.
Benedicite	A canticle (the Latin version of which begins with this word) which may be used in the order for morning prayer in the Church of England. It is taken from an apocryphal addition to the third chapter of Daniel.
Benedicite	An exclamation corresponding to Bless you !.
Benedict	Alt. of Benedick
Benedick	A married man, or a man newly married.
Benedict	Having mild and salubrious qualities.
Benedictine	Pertaining to the monks of St. Benedict, or St. Benet.
Benedictine	One of a famous order of monks, established by St. Benedict of Nursia in the sixth century. This order was introduced into the United States in 1846.
Benediction	The act of blessing.
Benediction	A blessing; an expression of blessing, prayer, or kind wishes in favor of any person or thing; a solemn or affectionate invocation of happiness.
Benediction	The short prayer which closes public worship; as, to give the benediction.
Benediction	The form of instituting an abbot, answering to the consecration of a bishop.
Benediction	A solemn rite by which bells, banners, candles, etc., are blessed with holy water, and formally dedicated to God.
Benedictional	A book of benedictions.
Benedictionary	A collected series of benedictions.
Benedictive	Tending to bless.
Benedictory	Expressing wishes for good; as, a benedictory prayer.
Benedictus	The song of Zacharias at the birth of John the Baptist (Luke i. 68); -- so named from the first word of the Latin version.
Benedight	Blessed.
Benefaction	The act of conferring a benefit.
Benefaction	A benefit conferred; esp. a charitable donation.
Benefactor	One who confers a benefit or benefits.
Benefactress	A woman who confers a benefit.
Benefic	Favorable; beneficent.
Benefice	A favor or benefit.
Benefice	An estate in lands; a fief.
Benefice	An ecclesiastical living and church preferment, as in the Church of England; a church endowed with a revenue for the maintenance of divine service. See Advowson.
Beneficed	of Benefice
Benefice	To endow with a benefice.
Beneficed	Possessed of a benefice or church preferment.
Beneficeless	Having no benefice.
Beneficence	The practice of doing good; active goodness, kindness, or charity; bounty springing from purity and goodness.
Beneficent	Doing or producing good; performing acts of kindness and charity; characterized by beneficence.
Beneficential	Relating to beneficence.
Beneficently	In a beneficent manner; with beneficence.
Beneficial	Conferring benefits; useful; profitable; helpful; advantageous; serviceable; contributing to a valuable end; -- followed by to.
Beneficial	Receiving, or entitled to have or receive, advantage, use, or benefit; as, the beneficial owner of an estate.
Beneficial	King.
Beneficially	In a beneficial or advantageous manner; profitably; helpfully.
Beneficialness	The quality of being beneficial; profitableness.
Beneficiary	Holding some office or valuable possession, in subordination to another; holding under a feudal or other superior; having a dependent and secondary possession.
Beneficiary	Bestowed as a gratuity; as, beneficiary gifts.
Beneficiaries	of Beneficiary
Beneficiary	A feudatory or vassal; hence, one who holds a benefice and uses its proceeds.
Beneficiary	One who receives anything as a gift; one who receives a benefit or advantage; esp. one who receives help or income from an educational fund or a trust estate.
Beneficiate	To reduce (ores).
Beneficient	Beneficent.
Benefit	An act of kindness; a favor conferred.
Benefit	Whatever promotes prosperity and personal happiness, or adds value to property; advantage; profit.
Benefit	A theatrical performance, a concert, or the like, the proceeds of which do not go to the lessee of the theater or to the company, but to some individual actor, or to some charitable use.
Benefit	Beneficence; liberality.
Benefit	Natural advantages; endowments; accomplishments.
Benefited	of Benefit
Benefitting	of Benefit
Benefit	To be beneficial to; to do good to; to advantage; to advance in health or prosperity; to be useful to; to profit.
Benefit	To gain advantage; to make improvement; to profit; as, he will benefit by the change.
Benefiter	One who confers a benefit; -- also, one who receives a benefit.
Beneme	To deprive (of), or take away (from).
Benempt	Promised; vowed.
Benempt	Named; styled.
Bene placito	At or during pleasure.
Bene placito	At pleasure; ad libitum.
Benetted	of Benet
Benet	To catch in a net; to insnare.
Benevolence	The disposition to do good; good will; charitableness; love of mankind, accompanied with a desire to promote their happiness.
Benevolence	An act of kindness; good done; charity given.
Benevolence	A species of compulsory contribution or tax, which has sometimes been illegally exacted by arbitrary kings of England, and falsely represented as a gratuity.
Benevolent	Having a disposition to do good; possessing or manifesting love to mankind, and a desire to promote their prosperity and happiness; disposed to give to good objects; kind; charitable.
Benevolous	Kind; benevolent.
Bengal	A province in India, giving its name to various stuffs, animals, etc.
Bengal	A thin stuff, made of silk and hair, originally brought from Bengal.
Bengal	Striped gingham, originally brought from Bengal; Bengal stripes.
Bengalee	Alt. of Bengali
Bengali	The language spoken in Bengal.
Bengalese	Of or pertaining to Bengal.
Bengalese	A native or natives of Bengal.
Bengola	A Bengal light.
Benighted	of Benight
Benighting	of Benight
Benight	To involve in darkness; to shroud with the shades of night; to obscure.
Benight	To overtake with night or darkness, especially before the end of a day's journey or task.
Benight	To involve in moral darkness, or ignorance; to debar from intellectual light.
Benightment	The condition of being benighted.
Benign	Of a kind or gentle disposition; gracious; generous; favorable; benignant.
Benign	Exhibiting or manifesting kindness, gentleness, favor, etc.; mild; kindly; salutary; wholesome.
Benign	Of a mild type or character; as, a benign disease.
Benignancy	Benignant quality; kindliness.
Benignant	Kind; gracious; favorable.
Benignity	The quality of being benign; goodness; kindness; graciousness.
Benignity	Mildness; gentleness.
Benignity	Salubrity; wholesome quality.
Benignly	In a benign manner.
Benim	To take away.
Benison	Blessing; beatitude; benediction.
Benitier	A holy-water stoup.
Benjamin	See Benzoin.
Benjamin	A kind of upper coat for men.
Benjamite	A descendant of Benjamin; one of the tribe of Benjamin.
Benne	The name of two plants (Sesamum orientale and S. indicum), originally Asiatic; -- also called oil plant. From their seeds an oil is expressed, called benne oil, used mostly for making soap. In the southern United States the seeds are used in candy.
Bennet	The common yellow-flowered avens of Europe (Geum urbanum); herb bennet. The name is sometimes given to other plants, as the hemlock, valerian, etc.
Benshee	See Banshee.
Bent	imp. & p. p. of Bend.
Bent	Changed by pressure so as to be no longer straight; crooked; as, a bent pin; a bent lever.
Bent	Strongly inclined toward something, so as to be resolved, determined, set, etc.; -- said of the mind, character, disposition, desires, etc., and used with on; as, to be bent on going to college; he is bent on mischief.
Bent	The state of being curved, crooked, or inclined from a straight line; flexure; curvity; as, the bent of a bow.
Bent	A declivity or slope, as of a hill.
Bent	A leaning or bias; proclivity; tendency of mind; inclination; disposition; purpose; aim.
Bent	Particular direction or tendency; flexion; course.
Bent	A transverse frame of a framed structure.
Bent	Tension; force of acting; energy; impetus.
Bent	A reedlike grass; a stalk of stiff, coarse grass.
Bent	A grass of the genus Agrostis, esp. Agrostis vulgaris, or redtop. The name is also used of many other grasses, esp. in America.
Bent	Any neglected field or broken ground; a common; a moor.
Bent grass	Same as Bent, a kind of grass.
Benthal	Relating to the deepest zone or region of the ocean.
Benthamic	Of or pertaining to Bentham or Benthamism.
Benthamism	That phase of the doctrine of utilitarianism taught by Jeremy Bentham; the doctrine that the morality of actions is estimated and determined by their utility; also, the theory that the sensibility to pleasure and the recoil from pain are the only motives which influence human desires and actions, and that these are the sufficient explanation of ethical and jural conceptions.
Benthamite	One who believes in Benthamism.
Benting time	The season when pigeons are said to feed on bents, before peas are ripe.
Benty	A bounding in bents, or the stalks of coarse, stiff, withered grass; as, benty fields.
Benty	Resembling bent.
Benumbed	of Benumb
Benumbing	of Benumb
Benumb	To make torpid; to deprive of sensation or sensibility; to stupefy; as, a hand or foot benumbed by cold.
Benumbed	Made torpid; numbed; stupefied; deadened; as, a benumbed body and mind.
Benumbment	Act of benumbing, or state of being benumbed; torpor.
Benzal	A compound radical, C6H5.CH, of the aromatic series, related to benzyl and benzoyl; -- used adjectively or in combination.
Benzamide	A transparent crystalline substance, C6H5.CO.NH2, obtained by the action of ammonia upon chloride of benzoyl, as also by several other reactions with benzoyl compounds.
Benzene	A volatile, very inflammable liquid, C6H6, contained in the naphtha produced by the destructive distillation of coal, from which it is separated by fractional distillation. The name is sometimes applied also to the impure commercial product or benzole, and also, but rarely, to a similar mixed product of petroleum.
Benzile	A yellowish crystalline substance, C6H5.CO.CO.C6H5, formed from benzoin by the action of oxidizing agents, and consisting of a doubled benzoyl radical.
Benzine	A liquid consisting mainly of the lighter and more volatile hydrocarbons of petroleum or kerosene oil, used as a solvent and for cleansing soiled fabrics; -- called also petroleum spirit, petroleum benzine. Varieties or similar products are gasoline, naphtha, rhigolene, ligroin, etc.
Benzine	Same as Benzene.
Benzoate	A salt formed by the union of benzoic acid with any salifiable base.
Benzoic	Pertaining to, or obtained from, benzoin.
Benzoin	A resinous substance, dry and brittle, obtained from the Styrax benzoin, a tree of Sumatra, Java, etc., having a fragrant odor, and slightly aromatic taste. It is used in the preparation of benzoic acid, in medicine, and as a perfume.
Benzoin	A white crystalline substance, C14H12O2, obtained from benzoic aldehyde and some other sources.
Benzoin	The spicebush (Lindera benzoin).
Benzoinated	Containing or impregnated with benzoin; as, benzoinated lard.
Benzole	Alt. of Benzol
Benzol	An impure benzene, used in the arts as a solvent, and for various other purposes. See Benzene.
Benzoline	Same as Benzole.
Benzoline	Same as Amarine.
Benzoyl	A compound radical, C6H5.CO; the base of benzoic acid, of the oil of bitter almonds, and of an extensive series of compounds.
Benzyl	A compound radical, C6H5.CH2, related to toluene and benzoic acid; -- commonly used adjectively.
Bepaint	To paint; to cover or color with, or as with, paint.
Bepelt	To pelt roundly.
Bepinched	of Bepinch
Bepinch	To pinch, or mark with pinches.
Beplastered	of Beplaster
Beplastering	of Beplaster
Beplaster	To plaster over; to cover or smear thickly; to bedaub.
Beplumed	Decked with feathers.
Bepommeled	of Bepommel
Bepommeling	of Bepommel
Bepommel	To pommel; to beat, as with a stick; figuratively, to assail or criticise in conversation, or in writing.
Bepowder	To sprinkle or cover with powder; to powder.
Bepraise	To praise greatly or extravagantly.
Beprose	To reduce to prose.
Bepuffed	Puffed; praised.
Bepurple	To tinge or dye with a purple color.
Bequeathed	of Bequeath
Bequeathing	of Bequeath
Bequeath	To give or leave by will; to give by testament; -- said especially of personal property.
Bequeath	To hand down; to transmit.
Bequeath	To give; to offer; to commit.
Bequeathable	Capable of being bequeathed.
Bequeathal	The act of bequeathing; bequeathment; bequest.
Bequeathment	The act of bequeathing, or the state of being bequeathed; a bequest.
Bequest	The act of bequeathing or leaving by will; as, a bequest of property by A. to B.
Bequest	That which is left by will, esp. personal property; a legacy; also, a gift.
Bequest	To bequeath, or leave as a legacy.
Bequethen	old p. p. of Bequeath.
Bequote	To quote constantly or with great frequency.
Berained	of Berain
Beraining	of Berain
Berain	To rain upon; to wet with rain.
Berated	of Berate
Berating	of Berate
Berate	To rate or chide vehemently; to scold.
Berattle	To make rattle; to scold vociferously; to cry down.
Beray	To make foul; to soil; to defile.
Berbe	An African genet (Genetta pardina). See Genet.
Berber	A member of a race somewhat resembling the Arabs, but often classed as Hamitic, who were formerly the inhabitants of the whole of North Africa from the Mediterranean southward into the Sahara, and who still occupy a large part of that region; -- called also Kabyles. Also, the language spoken by this people.
Berberine	An alkaloid obtained, as a bitter, yellow substance, from the root of the barberry, gold thread, and other plants.
Berberry	See Barberry.
Berdash	A kind of neckcloth.
Bere	To pierce.
Bere	See Bear, barley.
Bereaved	of Bereave
Bereft	of Bereave
Bereaving.	of Bereave
Bereave	To make destitute; to deprive; to strip; -- with of before the person or thing taken away.
Bereave	To take away from.
Bereave	To take away.
Bereavement	The state of being bereaved; deprivation; esp., the loss of a relative by death.
Bereaver	One who bereaves.
Bereft	imp. & p. p. of Bereave.
Beretta	Same as Berretta.
Berg	A large mass or hill, as of ice.
Bergamot	A tree of the Orange family (Citrus bergamia), having a roundish or pear-shaped fruit, from the rind of which an essential oil of delicious odor is extracted, much prized as a perfume. Also, the fruit.
Bergamot	A variety of mint (Mentha aquatica, var. glabrata).
Bergamot	The essence or perfume made from the fruit.
Bergamot	A variety of pear.
Bergamot	A variety of snuff perfumed with bergamot.
Bergamot	A coarse tapestry, manufactured from flock of cotton or hemp, mixed with ox's or goat's hair; -- said to have been invented at Bergamo, Italy.  Encyc. Brit.
Bergander	A European duck (Anas tadorna). See Sheldrake.
Bergeret	A pastoral song.
Bergh	A hill.
Bergmaster	See Barmaster.
Bergmeal	An earthy substance, resembling fine flour. It is composed of the shells of infusoria, and in Lapland and Sweden is sometimes eaten, mixed with flour or ground birch bark, in times of scarcity. This name is also given to a white powdery variety of calcite.
Bergmote	See Barmote.
Bergomask	A rustic dance, so called in ridicule of the people of Bergamo, in Italy, once noted for their clownishness.
Bergylt	The Norway haddock. See Rosefish.
Berhymed	of Berhyme
Berhyming	of Berhyme
Berhyme	To mention in rhyme or verse; to rhyme about.
Beriberi	An acute disease occurring in India, characterized by multiple inflammatory changes in the nerves, producing great muscular debility, a painful rigidity of the limbs, and cachexy.
Berime	To berhyme.
Berkeleian	Of or relating to Bishop Berkeley or his system of idealism; as, Berkeleian philosophy.
Berlin	A four-wheeled carriage, having a sheltered seat behind the body and separate from it, invented in the 17th century, at Berlin.
Berlin	Fine worsted for fancy-work; zephyr worsted; -- called also Berlin wool.
Berm	Alt. of Berme
Berme	A narrow shelf or path between the bottom of a parapet and the ditch.
Berme	A ledge at the bottom of a bank or cutting, to catch earth that may roll down the slope, or to strengthen the bank.
Bermuda grass	A kind of grass (Cynodon Dactylon) esteemed for pasture in the Southern United States.  It is a native of Southern Europe, but is now wide-spread in warm countries; -- called also scutch grass, and in Bermuda, devil grass.
Bernacle	See Barnacle.
Berna fly	A Brazilian dipterous insect of the genus Trypeta, which lays its eggs in the nostrils or in wounds of man and beast, where the larvae do great injury.
Bernardine	Of or pertaining to St. Bernard of Clairvaux, or to the Cistercian monks.
Bernardine	A Cistercian monk.
Bernese	Pertaining to the city or canton of Bern, in Switzerland, or to its inhabitants.
Bernese	A native or natives of Bern.
Bernicle	A bernicle goose.
Bernouse	Same as Burnoose.
Berob	To rob; to plunder.
Beroe	A small, oval, transparent jellyfish, belonging to the Ctenophora.
Berretta	A square cap worn by ecclesiastics of the Roman Catholic Church. A cardinal's berretta is scarlet; that worn by other clerics is black, except that a bishop's is lined with green.
Berried	Furnished with berries; consisting of a berry; baccate; as, a berried shrub.
Berries	of Berry
Berry	Any small fleshy fruit, as the strawberry, mulberry, huckleberry, etc.
Berry	A small fruit that is pulpy or succulent throughout, having seeds loosely imbedded in the pulp, as the currant, grape, blueberry.
Berry	The coffee bean.
Berry	One of the ova or eggs of a fish.
Berried	of Berry
Berrying	of Berry
Berry	To bear or produce berries.
Berry	A mound; a hillock.
Berrying	A seeking for or gathering of berries, esp. of such as grow wild.
Berserk	Alt. of Berserker
Berserker	One of a class of legendary heroes, who fought frenzied by intoxicating liquors, and naked, regardless of wounds.
Berserker	One who fights as if frenzied, like a Berserker.
Berstle	See Bristle.
Berth	Convenient sea room.
Berth	A room in which a number of the officers or ship's company mess and reside.
Berth	The place where a ship lies when she is at anchor, or at a wharf.
Berth	An allotted place; an appointment; situation or employment.
Berth	A place in a ship to sleep in; a long box or shelf on the side of a cabin or stateroom, or of a railway car, for sleeping in.
Berthed	of Berth
Berthing	of Berth
Berth	To give an anchorage to, or a place to lie at; to place in a berth; as, she was berthed stem to stern with the Adelaide.
Berth	To allot or furnish berths to, on shipboard; as, to berth a ship's company.
Bertha	A kind of collar or cape worn by ladies.
Berthage	A place for mooring vessels in a dock or harbor.
Berthierite	A double sulphide of antimony and iron, of a dark steel-gray color.
Berthing	The planking outside of a vessel, above the sheer strake.
Bertram	Pellitory of Spain (Anacyclus pyrethrum).
Berycoid	Of or pertaining to the Berycidae, a family of marine fishes.
Beryl	A mineral of great hardness, and, when transparent, of much beauty. It occurs in hexagonal prisms, commonly of a green or bluish green color, but also yellow, pink, and white. It is a silicate of aluminium and glucinum (beryllium). The aquamarine is a transparent, sea-green variety used as a gem. The emerald is another variety highly prized in jewelry, and distinguished by its deep color, which is probably due to the presence of a little oxide of chromium.
Berylline	Like a beryl; of a light or bluish green color.
Beryllium	A metallic element found in the beryl. See Glucinum.
Berylloid	A solid consisting of a double twelve-sided pyramid; -- so called because the planes of this form occur on crystals of beryl.
Besaiel	Alt. of Besayle
Besaile	Alt. of Besayle
Besayle	A great-grandfather.
Besayle	A kind of writ which formerly lay where a great-grandfather died seized of lands in fee simple, and on the day of his death a stranger abated or entered and kept the heir out. This is now abolished.
Besaint	To make a saint of.
Besant	See Bezant.
Bes-antler	Same as Bez-antler.
Bescatter	To scatter over.
Bescatter	To cover sparsely by scattering (something); to strew.
Bescorn	To treat with scorn.
Bescratch	To tear with the nails; to cover with scratches.
Bescrawl	To cover with scrawls; to scribble over.
Bescreen	To cover with a screen, or as with a screen; to shelter; to conceal.
Bescribble	To scribble over.
Bescumber	Alt. of Bescummer
Bescummer	To discharge ordure or dung upon.
Besee	To see; to look; to mind.
Besought	of Beseech
Beseeching	of Beseech
Beseech	To ask or entreat with urgency; to supplicate; to implore.
Beseech	Solicitation; supplication.
Beseecher	One who beseeches.
Beseeching	Entreating urgently; imploring; as, a beseeching look.
Beseechment	The act of beseeching or entreating earnestly.
Beseek	To beseech.
Beseemed	of Beseem
Beseeming	of Beseem
Beseem	Literally: To appear or seem (well, ill, best, etc.) for (one) to do or to have. Hence: To be fit, suitable, or proper for, or worthy of; to become; to befit.
Beseem	To seem; to appear; to be fitting.
Beseeming	Appearance; look; garb.
Beseeming	Comeliness.
Beseeming	Becoming; suitable.
Beseemly	Fit; suitable; becoming.
Beseen	Seen; appearing.
Beseen	Decked or adorned; clad.
Beseen	Accomplished; versed.
Beset	of Beset
Besetting	of Beset
Beset	To set or stud (anything) with ornaments or prominent objects.
Beset	To hem in; to waylay; to surround; to besiege; to blockade.
Beset	To set upon on all sides; to perplex; to harass; -- said of dangers, obstacles, etc.
Beset	To occupy; to employ; to use up.
Besetment	The act of besetting, or the state of being beset; also, that which besets one, as a sin.
Besetter	One who, or that which, besets.
Besetting	Habitually attacking, harassing, or pressing upon or about; as, a besetting sin.
Beshone	of Beshine
Beshining	of Beshine
Beshine	To shine upon; to illumine.
Beshow	A large food fish (Anoplopoma fimbria) of the north Pacific coast; -- called also candlefish.
Beshrew	To curse; to execrate.
Beshroud	To cover with, or as with, a shroud; to screen.
Beshut	To shut up or out.
Beside	At the side of; on one side of.
Beside	Aside from; out of the regular course or order of; in a state of deviation from; out of.
Beside	Over and above; distinct from; in addition to.
Besides	Alt. of Beside
Beside	On one side.
Beside	More than that; over and above; not included in the number, or in what has been mentioned; moreover; in addition.
Besides	Over and above; separate or distinct from; in addition to; other than; else than. See Beside, prep., 3, and Syn. under Beside.
Besieged	of Besiege
Besieging	of Besiege
Besiege	To beset or surround with armed forces, for the purpose of compelling to surrender; to lay siege to; to beleaguer; to beset.
Besiegement	The act of besieging, or the state of being besieged.
Besieger	One who besieges; -- opposed to the besieged.
Besieging	That besieges; laying siege to.
Besit	To suit; to fit; to become.
Beslabber	To beslobber.
Beslave	To enslave.
Beslavered	of Beslaver
Beslavering	of Beslaver
Beslaver	To defile with slaver; to beslobber.
Beslime	To daub with slime; to soil.
Beslobber	To slobber on; to smear with spittle running from the mouth. Also Fig.: as, to beslobber with praise.
Beslubber	To beslobber.
Besmeared	of Besmear
Besmearing	of Besmear
Besmear	To smear with any viscous, glutinous matter; to bedaub; to soil.
Besmearer	One that besmears.
Besmirched	of Besmirch
Besmirching	of Besmirch
Besmirch	To smirch or soil; to discolor; to obscure. Hence: To dishonor; to sully.
Besmoke	To foul with smoke.
Besmoke	To harden or dry in smoke.
Besmutted	of Besmut
Besmutting	of Besmut
Besmut	To blacken with smut; to foul with soot.
Besnowed	of Besnow
Besnow	To scatter like snow; to cover thick, as with snow flakes.
Besnow	To cover with snow; to whiten with snow, or as with snow.
Besnuff	To befoul with snuff.
Besogne	A worthless fellow; a bezonian.
Besom	A brush of twigs for sweeping; a broom; anything which sweeps away or destroys.
Besomed	of Besom
Besom	To sweep, as with a besom.
Besomer	One who uses a besom.
Besort	To assort or be congruous with; to fit, or become.
Besort	Befitting associates or attendants.
Besotted	of Besot
Besotting	of Besot
Besot	To make sottish; to make dull or stupid; to stupefy; to infatuate.
Besotted	Made sottish, senseless, or infatuated; characterized by drunken stupidity, or by infatuation; stupefied.
Besottingly	In a besotting manner.
Besought	p. p. of Beseech.
Bespangled	of Bespangle
Bespangling	of Bespangle
Bespangle	To adorn with spangles; to dot or sprinkle with something brilliant or glittering.
Bespattered	of Bespatter
Bespattering	of Bespatter
Bespatter	To soil by spattering; to sprinkle, esp. with dirty water, mud, or anything which will leave foul spots or stains.
Bespatter	To asperse with calumny or reproach.
Bespawl	To daub, soil, or make foul with spawl or spittle.
Bespoke	of Bespeak
Bespake	of Bespeak
Bespoke	of Bespeak
Bespoken	of Bespeak
Bespeaking	of Bespeak
Bespeak	To speak or arrange for beforehand; to order or engage against a future time; as, to bespeak goods, a right, or a favor.
Bespeak	To show beforehand; to foretell; to indicate.
Bespeak	To betoken; to show; to indicate by external marks or appearances.
Bespeak	To speak to; to address.
Bespeak	To speak.
Bespeak	A bespeaking. Among actors, a benefit (when a particular play is bespoken.)
Bespeaker	One who bespeaks.
Bespeckled	of Bespeckle
Bespeckling	of Bespeckle
Bespeckle	To mark with speckles or spots.
Bespew	To soil or daub with spew; to vomit on.
Bespice	To season with spice, or with some spicy drug.
Bespirt	Same as Bespurt.
Bespit	of Bespit
Bespit	of Bespit
Bespitten	of Bespit
Bespitting	of Bespit
Bespit	To daub or soil with spittle.
Bespoke	imp. & p. p. of Bespeak.
Bespotted	of Bespot
Bespotting	of Bespot
Bespot	To mark with spots, or as with spots.
Bespread	of Bespread
Bespreading	of Bespread
Bespread	To spread or cover over.
Besprent	Sprinkled over; strewed.
Besprinkled	of Besprinkle
Besprinkling	of Besprinkle
Besprinkle	To sprinkle over; to scatter over.
Besprinkler	One who, or that which, besprinkles.
Besprinkling	The act of sprinkling anything; a sprinkling over.
Bespurt	To spurt on or over; to asperse.
Bessemer steel	Steel made directly from cast iron, by burning out a portion of the carbon and other impurities that the latter contains, through the agency of a blast of air which is forced through the molten metal; -- so called from Sir Henry Bessemer, an English engineer, the inventor of the process.
Best	Having good qualities in the highest degree; most good, kind, desirable, suitable, etc.; most excellent; as, the best man; the best road; the best cloth; the best abilities.
Best	Most advanced; most correct or complete; as, the best scholar; the best view of a subject.
Best	Most; largest; as, the best part of a week.
Best	Utmost; highest endeavor or state; most nearly perfect thing, or being, or action; as, to do one's best; to the best of our ability.
Best	In the highest degree; beyond all others.
Best	To the most advantage; with the most success, case, profit, benefit, or propriety.
Best	Most intimately; most thoroughly or correctly; as, what is expedient is best known to himself.
Best	To get the better of.
Bestad	Beset; put in peril.
Bestain	To stain.
Bestarred	of Bestar
Bestar	To sprinkle with, or as with, stars; to decorate with, or as with, stars; to bestud.
Bestead	of Bestead
Bested	of Bestead
Bestad	of Bestead
Besteaded	of Bestead
Bestead	To put in a certain situation or condition; to circumstance; to place.
Bestead	To put in peril; to beset.
Bestead	To serve; to assist; to profit; to avail.
Bestial	Belonging to a beast, or to the class of beasts.
Bestial	Having the qualities of a beast; brutal; below the dignity of reason or humanity; irrational; carnal; beastly; sensual.
Bestial	A domestic animal; also collectively, cattle; as, other kinds of bestial.
Bestiality	The state or quality of being bestial.
Bestiality	Unnatural connection with a beast.
Bestialized	of Bestialize
Bestializing	of Bestialize
Bestialize	To make bestial, or like a beast; to degrade; to brutalize.
Bestially	In a bestial manner.
Bestuck	of Bestick
Besticking	of Bestick
Bestick	To stick over, as with sharp points pressed in; to mark by infixing points or spots here and there; to pierce.
Bestill	To make still.
Bestirred	of Bestir
Bestirring	of Bestir
Bestir	To put into brisk or vigorous action; to move with life and vigor; -- usually with the reciprocal pronoun.
Bestorm	To storm.
Bestowed	of Bestow
Bestowing	of Bestow
Bestow	To lay up in store; to deposit for safe keeping; to stow; to place; to put.
Bestow	To use; to apply; to devote, as time or strength in some occupation.
Bestow	To expend, as money.
Bestow	To give or confer; to impart; -- with on or upon.
Bestow	To give in marriage.
Bestow	To demean; to conduct; to behave; -- followed by a reflexive pronoun.
Bestowal	The act of bestowing; disposal.
Bestower	One that bestows.
Bestowment	The act of giving or bestowing; a conferring or bestowal.
Bestowment	That which is given or bestowed.
Bestraddle	To bestride.
Bestraught	Out of one's senses; distracted; mad.
Bestreak	To streak.
Bestrewed	of Bestrew
Bestrewed	of Bestrew
Bestrown	of Bestrew
Bestrewing	of Bestrew
Bestrew	To strew or scatter over; to besprinkle. 
Bestrode	of Bestride
Bestrid	of Bestride
Bestridden	of Bestride
Bestrid	of Bestride
Bestrode	of Bestride
Bestriding	of Bestride
Bestride	To stand or sit with anything between the legs, or with the legs astride; to stand over
Bestride	To step over; to stride over or across; as, to bestride a threshold.
Bestrode	imp. & p. p. of Bestride.
Bestrown	p. p. of Bestrew.
Bestuck	imp. & p. p. Bestick.
Bestudded	of Bestud
Bestudding	of Bestud
Bestud	To set or adorn, as with studs or bosses; to set thickly; to stud; as, to bestud with stars.
Beswike	To lure; to cheat.
Bet	That which is laid, staked, or pledged, as between two parties, upon the event of a contest or any contingent issue; the act of giving such a pledge; a wager.
Bet	of Bet
Betted	of Bet
Betting	of Bet
Bet	To stake or pledge upon the event of a contingent issue; to wager.
Bet	imp. & p. p. of Beat.
Bet	An early form of Better.
Betaine	A nitrogenous base, C5H11NO2, produced artificially, and also occurring naturally in beet-root molasses and its residues, from which it is extracted as a white crystalline substance; -- called also lycine and oxyneurine. It has a sweetish taste.
Betook	of Betake
Betaken	of Betake
Betaking	of Betake
Betake	To take or seize.
Betake	To have recourse to; to apply; to resort; to go; -- with a reflexive pronoun.
Betake	To commend or intrust to; to commit to.
Betaught	Delivered; committed in trust.
Bete	To better; to mend. See Beete.
Beteela	An East India muslin, formerly used for cravats, veils, etc.
Beteem	To give ; to bestow; to grant; to accord; to consent.
Beteem	To allow; to permit; to suffer.
Betel	A species of pepper (Piper betle), the leaves of which are chewed, with the areca or betel nut and a little shell lime, by the inhabitants of the East Indies. It is a woody climber with ovate many-nerved leaves.
Betelguese	A bright star of the first magnitude, near one shoulder of Orion.
Betel nut	The nutlike seed of the areca palm, chewed in the East with betel leaves (whence its name) and shell lime.
Bete noire	Something especially hated or dreaded; a bugbear.
Bethabara wood	A highly elastic wood, used for fishing rods, etc. The tree is unknown, but it is thought to be East Indian.
Bethel	A place of worship; a hallowed spot.
Bethel	A chapel for dissenters.
Bethel	A house of worship for seamen.
Bethought	of Bethink
Bethinking	of Bethink
Bethink	To call to mind; to recall or bring to recollection, reflection, or consideration; to think; to consider; -- generally followed by a reflexive pronoun, often with of or that before the subject of thought.
Bethink	To think; to recollect; to consider.
Bethlehem	A hospital for lunatics; -- corrupted into bedlam.
Bethlehem	In the Ethiopic church, a small building attached to a church edifice, in which the bread for the eucharist is made.
Bethlehemite	Alt. of Bethlemite
Bethlemite	An inhabitant of Bethlehem in Judea.
Bethlemite	An insane person; a madman; a bedlamite.
Bethlemite	One of an extinct English order of monks.
Bethought	imp. & p. p. of Bethink.
Bethrall	To reduce to thralldom; to inthrall.
Bethumb	To handle; to wear or soil by handling; as books.
Bethumped	of Bethump
Bethumpt	of Bethump
Bethumping	of Bethump
Bethump	To beat or thump soundly.
Betided	of Betide
Betid	of Betide
Betiding	of Betide
Betide	To happen to; to befall; to come to ; as, woe betide the wanderer.
Betide	To come to pass; to happen; to occur.
Betime	Alt. of Betimes
Betimes	In good season or time; before it is late; seasonably; early.
Betimes	In a short time; soon; speedily; forth with.
Betitle	To furnish with a title or titles; to entitle.
Betokened	of Betoken
Betokening	of Betoken
Betoken	To signify by some visible object; to show by signs or tokens.
Betoken	To foreshow by present signs; to indicate something future by that which is seen or known; as, a dark cloud often betokens a storm.
Beton	The French name for concrete; hence, concrete made after the French fashion.
Betongue	To attack with the tongue; to abuse; to insult.
Betonies	of Betony
Betony	A plant of the genus Betonica (Linn.).
Betook	imp. of Betake.
Betorn	Torn in pieces; tattered.
Betossed	of Betoss
Betoss	To put in violent motion; to agitate; to disturb; to toss.
Betrapped	of Betrap
Betrap	To draw into, or catch in, a trap; to insnare; to circumvent.
Betrap	To put trappings on; to clothe; to deck.
Betrayed	of Betray
Betraying	of Betray
Betray	To deliver into the hands of an enemy by treachery or fraud, in violation of trust; to give up treacherously or faithlessly; as, an officer betrayed the city.
Betray	To prove faithless or treacherous to, as to a trust or one who trusts; to be false to; to deceive; as, to betray a person or a cause.
Betray	To violate the confidence of, by disclosing a secret, or that which one is bound in honor not to make known.
Betray	To disclose or discover, as something which prudence would conceal; to reveal unintentionally.
Betray	To mislead; to expose to inconvenience not foreseen to lead into error or sin.
Betray	To lead astray, as a maiden; to seduce (as under promise of marriage) and then abandon.
Betray	To show or to indicate; -- said of what is not obvious at first, or would otherwise be concealed.
Betrayal	The act or the result of betraying.
Betrayer	One who, or that which, betrays.
Betrayment	Betrayal.
Betrimmed	of Betrim
Betrimming	of Betrim
Betrim	To set in order; to adorn; to deck, to embellish; to trim.
Betrothed	of Betroth
Betrothing	of Betroth
Betroth	To contract to any one for a marriage; to engage or promise in order to marriage; to affiance; -- used esp. of a woman.
Betroth	To promise to take (as a future spouse); to plight one's troth to.
Betroth	To nominate to a bishopric, in order to consecration.
Betrothal	The act of betrothing, or the fact of being betrothed; a mutual promise, engagement, or contract for a future marriage between the persons betrothed; betrothment; affiance.
Betrothment	The act of betrothing, or the state of being betrothed; betrothal.
Betrust	To trust or intrust.
Betrustment	The act of intrusting, or the thing intrusted.
Betso	A small brass Venetian coin.
Better	Having good qualities in a greater degree than another; as, a better man; a better physician; a better house; a better air.
Better	Preferable in regard to rank, value, use, fitness, acceptableness, safety, or in any other respect.
Better	Greater in amount; larger; more.
Better	Improved in health; less affected with disease; as, the patient is better.
Better	More advanced; more perfect; as, upon better acquaintance; a better knowledge of the subject.
Better	Advantage, superiority, or victory; -- usually with of; as, to get the better of an enemy.
Better	One who has a claim to precedence; a superior, as in merit, social standing, etc.; -- usually in the plural.
Better	In a superior or more excellent manner; with more skill and wisdom, courage, virtue, advantage, or success; as, Henry writes better than John; veterans fight better than recruits.
Better	More correctly or thoroughly.
Better	In a higher or greater degree; more; as, to love one better than another.
Better	More, in reference to value, distance, time, etc.; as, ten miles and better.
Bettered	of Better
Bettering	of Better
Better	To improve or ameliorate; to increase the good qualities of.
Better	To improve the condition of, morally, physically, financially, socially, or otherwise.
Better	To surpass in excellence; to exceed; to excel.
Better	To give advantage to; to support; to advance the interest of.
Better	To become better; to improve.
Better	One who bets or lays a wager.
Betterment	A making better; amendment; improvement.
Betterment	An improvement of an estate which renders it better than mere repairing would do; -- generally used in the plural.
Bettermost	Best.
Betterness	The quality of being better or superior; superiority.
Betterness	The difference by which fine gold or silver exceeds in fineness the standard.
Bettong	A small, leaping Australian marsupial of the genus Bettongia; the jerboa kangaroo.
Bettor	One who bets; a better.
Betty	A short bar used by thieves to wrench doors open.
Betty	A name of contempt given to a man who interferes with the duties of women in a household, or who occupies himself with womanish matters.
Betty	A pear-shaped bottle covered round with straw, in which olive oil is sometimes brought from Italy; -- called by chemists a Florence flask.
Betulin	A substance of a resinous nature, obtained from the outer bark of the common European birch (Betula alba), or from the tar prepared therefrom; -- called also birch camphor.
Betumbled	of Betumble
Betumble	To throw into disorder; to tumble.
Betutored	of Betutor
Betutor	To tutor; to instruct.
Between	In the space which separates; betwixt; as, New York is between Boston and Philadelphia.
Between	Used in expressing motion from one body or place to another; from one to another of two.
Between	Belonging in common to two; shared by both.
Between	Belonging to, or participated in by, two, and involving reciprocal action or affecting their mutual relation; as, opposition between science and religion.
Between	With relation to two, as involved in an act or attribute of which another is the agent or subject; as, to judge between or to choose between courses; to distinguish between you and me; to mediate between nations.
Between	In intermediate relation to, in respect to time, quantity, or degree; as, between nine and ten o'clock.
Between	Intermediate time or space; interval.
Betwixt	In the space which separates; between.
Betwixt	From one to another of; mutually affecting.
Beurre	A beurre (or buttery) pear, one with the meat soft and melting; -- used with a distinguishing word; as, Beurre d'Anjou; Beurre Clairgeau.
Bevel	Any angle other than a right angle; the angle which one surface makes with another when they are not at right angles; the slant or inclination of such surface; as, to give a bevel to the edge of a table or a stone slab; the bevel of a piece of timber.
Bevel	An instrument consisting of two rules or arms, jointed together at one end, and opening to any angle, for adjusting the surfaces of work to the same or a given inclination; -- called also a bevel square.
Bevel	Having the slant of a bevel; slanting.
Bevel	Hence: Morally distorted; not upright.
Beveled	of Bevel
Bevelled	of Bevel
Beveling	of Bevel
Bevelling	of Bevel
Bevel	To cut to a bevel angle; to slope the edge or surface of.
Bevel	To deviate or incline from an angle of 90¡, as a surface; to slant.
Beveled	Alt. of Bevelled
Bevelled	Formed to a bevel angle; sloping; as, the beveled edge of a table.
Bevelled	Replaced by two planes inclining equally upon the adjacent planes, as an edge; having its edges replaced by sloping planes, as a cube or other solid.
Bevel gear	A kind of gear in which the two wheels working together lie in different planes, and have their teeth cut at right angles to the surfaces of two cones whose apices coincide with the point where the axes of the wheels would meet.
Bevelment	The replacement of an edge by two similar planes, equally inclined to the including faces or adjacent planes.
Bever	A light repast between meals; a lunch.
Bevered	of Bever
Bever	To take a light repast between meals.
Beverage	Liquid for drinking; drink; -- usually applied to drink artificially prepared and of an agreeable flavor; as, an intoxicating beverage.
Beverage	Specifically, a name applied to various kinds of drink.
Beverage	A treat, or drink money.
Bevile	A chief broken or opening like a carpenter's bevel.
Beviled	Alt. of Bevilled
Bevilled	Notched with an angle like that inclosed by a carpenter's bevel; -- said of a partition line of a shield.
Bevies	of Bevy
Bevy	A company; an assembly or collection of persons, especially of ladies.
Bevy	A flock of birds, especially quails or larks; also, a herd of roes.
Bewailed	of Bewail
Bewailing	of Bewail
Bewail	To express deep sorrow for, as by wailing; to lament; to wail over.
Bewail	To express grief; to lament.
Bewailable	Such as may, or ought to, be bewailed; lamentable.
Bewailer	One who bewails or laments.
Bewailing	Wailing over; lamenting.
Bewailment	The act of bewailing.
Bewake	To keep watch over; to keep awake.
Beware	To be on one's guard; to be cautious; to take care; -- commonly followed by of or lest before the thing that is to be avoided.
Beware	To have a special regard; to heed.
Beware	To avoid; to take care of; to have a care for.
Bewash	To drench or souse with water.
Bewept	of Beweep
Beweeping	of Beweep
Beweep	To weep over; to deplore; to bedew with tears.
Beweep	To weep.
Bewet	of Bewet
Bewetted	of Bewet
Bewet	To wet or moisten.
Bewhore	To corrupt with regard to chastity; to make a whore of.
Bewhore	To pronounce or characterize as a whore.
Bewigged	of Bewig
Bewig	To cover (the head) with a wig.
Bewildered	of Bewilder
Bewildering	of Bewilder
Bewilder	To lead into perplexity or confusion, as for want of a plain path; to perplex with mazes; or in general, to perplex or confuse greatly.
Bewildered	Greatly perplexed; as, a bewildered mind.
Bewilderedness	The state of being bewildered; bewilderment.
Bewildering	Causing bewilderment or great perplexity; as, bewildering difficulties.
Bewilderment	The state of being bewildered.
Bewilderment	A bewildering tangle or confusion.
Bewinter	To make wintry.
Bewit	A double slip of leather by which bells are fastened to a hawk's legs.
Bewitched	of Bewitch
Bewitching	of Bewitch
Bewitch	To gain an ascendency over by charms or incantations; to affect (esp. to injure) by witchcraft or sorcery.
Bewitch	To charm; to fascinate; to please to such a degree as to take away the power of resistance; to enchant.
Bewitchedness	The state of being bewitched.
Bewitcher	One who bewitches.
Bewitchery	The power of bewitching or fascinating; bewitchment; charm; fascination.
Bewitching	Having power to bewitch or fascinate; enchanting; captivating; charming.
Bewitchment	The act of bewitching, or the state of being bewitched.
Bewitchment	The power of bewitching or charming.
Bewondered	of Bewonder
Bewonder	To fill with wonder.
Bewonder	To wonder at; to admire.
Bewrapped	of Bewrap
Bewrap	To wrap up; to cover.
Bewray	To soil. See Beray.
Bewrayed	of Bewray
Bewraying	of Bewray
Bewray	To expose; to reveal; to disclose; to betray.
Bewrayer	One who, or that which, bewrays; a revealer.
Bewrayment	Betrayal.
Bewreck	To wreck.
Bewreke	To wreak; to avenge.
Bewrought	Embroidered.
Bey	A governor of a province or district in the Turkish dominions; also, in some places, a prince or nobleman; a beg; as, the bey of Tunis.
Beylic	The territory ruled by a bey.
Beyond	On the further side of; in the same direction as, and further on or away than.
Beyond	At a place or time not yet reached; before.
Beyond	Past, out of the reach or sphere of; further than; greater than; as, the patient was beyond medical aid; beyond one's strength.
Beyond	In a degree or amount exceeding or surpassing; proceeding to a greater degree than; above, as in dignity, excellence, or quality of any kind.
Beyond	Further away; at a distance; yonder.
Bezant	A gold coin of Byzantium or Constantinople, varying in weight and value, usually (those current in England) between a sovereign and a half sovereign. There were also white or silver bezants.
Bezant	A circle in or, i. e., gold, representing the gold coin called bezant.
Bezant	A decoration of a flat surface, as of a band or belt, representing circular disks lapping one upon another.
Bez-antler	The second branch of a stag's horn.
Bezel	The rim which encompasses and fastens a jewel or other object, as the crystal of a watch, in the cavity in which it is set.
Bezique	A game at cards in which various combinations of cards in the hand, when declared, score points.
Bezoar	A calculous concretion found in the intestines of certain ruminant animals (as the wild goat, the gazelle, and the Peruvian llama) formerly regarded as an unfailing antidote for poison, and a certain remedy for eruptive, pestilential, or putrid diseases. Hence: Any antidote or panacea.
Bezoardic	Pertaining to, or compounded with, bezoar.
Bezoardic	A medicine containing bezoar.
Bezoartic	Alt. of Bezoartical
Bezoartical	Having the qualities of an antidote, or of bezoar; healing.
Bezonian	A low fellow or scoundrel; a beggar.
Bezzled	of Bezzle
Bezzling	of Bezzle
Bezzle	To plunder; to waste in riot.
Bezzle	To drink to excess; to revel.
Bhang	An astringent and narcotic drug made from the dried leaves and seed capsules of wild hemp (Cannabis Indica), and chewed or smoked in the East as a means of intoxication. See Hasheesh.
Bhunder	An Indian monkey (Macacus Rhesus), protected by the Hindoos as sacred. See Rhesus.
Bi-	In most branches of science bi- in composition denotes two, twice, or doubly; as, bidentate, two-toothed; biternate, doubly ternate, etc.
Bi-	In the composition of chemical names bi- denotes two atoms, parts, or equivalents of that constituent to the name of which it is prefixed, to one of the other component, or that such constituent is present in double the ordinary proportion; as, bichromate, bisulphide. Be- and di- are often used interchangeably.
Biacid	Having two hydrogen atoms which can be replaced by negative atoms or radicals to form salts; -- said of bases. See Diacid.
Biacuminate	Having points in two directions.
Biangular	Having two angles or corners.
Biangulate	Alt. of Biangulated
Biangulated	Biangular.
Biangulous	Biangular.
Biantheriferous	Having two anthers.
Biarticulate	Having, or consisting of, tow joints.
Biases	of Bias
Bias	A weight on the side of the ball used in the game of bowls, or a tendency imparted to the ball, which turns it from a straight line.
Bias	A leaning of the mind; propensity or prepossession toward an object or view, not leaving the mind indifferent; bent; inclination.
Bias	A wedge-shaped piece of cloth taken out of a garment (as the waist of a dress) to diminish its circumference.
Bias	A slant; a diagonal; as, to cut cloth on the bias.
Bias	Inclined to one side; swelled on one side.
Bias	Cut slanting or diagonally, as cloth.
Bias	In a slanting manner; crosswise; obliquely; diagonally; as, to cut cloth bias.
Biased	of Bias
Biasing	of Bias
Bias	To incline to one side; to give a particular direction to; to influence; to prejudice; to prepossess.
Biauriculate	Having two auricles, as the heart of mammals, birds, and reptiles.
Biauriculate	Having two earlike projections at its base, as a leaf.
Biaxal	Alt. of Biaxial
Biaxial	Having two axes; as, biaxial polarization.
Bib	A small piece of cloth worn by children over the breast, to protect the clothes.
Bib	An arctic fish (Gadus luscus), allied to the cod; -- called also pout and whiting pout.
Bib	A bibcock.
Bib	Alt. of Bibbe
Bibbe	To drink; to tipple.
Bib	To drink; to sip; to tipple.
Bibacious	Addicted to drinking.
Bibacity	The practice or habit of drinking too much; tippling.
Bibasic	Having to hydrogen atoms which can be replaced by positive or basic atoms or radicals to form salts; -- said of acids. See Dibasic.
Bibb	A bibcock. See Bib, n., 3.
Bibber	One given to drinking alcoholic beverages too freely; a tippler; -- chiefly used in composition; as, winebibber.
Bibble-babble	Idle talk; babble.
Bibbs	Pieces of timber bolted to certain parts of a mast to support the trestletrees.
Bibcock	A cock or faucet having a bent down nozzle.
Bibirine	See Bebeerine.
Bibitory	Of or pertaining to drinking or tippling.
Bible	A book.
Bible	The Book by way of eminence, -- that is, the book which is made up of the writings accepted by Christians as of divine origin and authority, whether such writings be in the original language, or translated; the Scriptures of the Old and New Testaments; -- sometimes in a restricted sense, the Old Testament; as, King James's Bible; Douay Bible; Luther's Bible. Also, the book which is made up of writings similarly accepted by the Jews; as, a rabbinical Bible.
Bible	A book containing the sacred writings belonging to any religion; as, the Koran is often called the Mohammedan Bible.
Bible	A book with an authoritative exposition of some topic, respected by many who are experts in the field.
Bibler	A great drinker; a tippler.
Biblical	Pertaining to, or derived from, the Bible; as, biblical learning; biblical authority.
Biblicality	The quality of being biblical; a biblical subject.
Biblically	According to the Bible.
Biblicism	Learning or literature relating to the Bible.
Biblicist	One skilled in the knowledge of the Bible; a demonstrator of religious truth by the Scriptures.
Bibliograph	Bibliographer.
Bibliographer	One who writes, or is versed in, bibliography.
Bibliographic	Alt. of Bibliographical
Bibliographical	Pertaining to bibliography, or the history of books.
Bibliographies	of Bibliography
Bibliography	A history or description of books and manuscripts, with notices of the different editions, the times when they were printed, etc.
Bibliolater	Alt. of Bibliolatrist
Bibliolatrist	A worshiper of books; especially, a worshiper of the Bible; a believer in its verbal inspiration.
Bibliolatry	Book worship, esp. of the Bible; -- applied by Roman Catholic divines to the exaltation of the authority of the Bible over that of the pope or the church, and by Protestants to an excessive regard to the letter of the Scriptures.
Bibliological	Relating to bibliology.
Bibliology	An account of books; book lore; bibliography.
Bibliology	The literature or doctrine of the Bible.
Bibliomancy	A kind of divination, performed by selecting passages of Scripture at hazard, and drawing from them indications concerning future events.
Bibliomania	A mania for acquiring books.
Bibliomaniac	One who has a mania for books.
Bibliomaniac	Relating to a bibliomaniac.
Bibliomaniacal	Pertaining to a passion for books; relating to a bibliomaniac.
Bibliopegic	Relating to the binding of books.
Bibliopegist	A bookbinder.
Bibliopegistic	Pertaining to the art of binding books.
Bibliopegy	The art of binding books.
Bibliophile	A lover of books.
Bibliophilism	Love of books.
Bibliophilist	A lover of books.
Bibliophobia	A dread of books.
Bibliopole	One who sells books.
Bibliopolic	Alt. of Bibliopolar
Bibliopolar	Of or pertaining to the sale of books.
Bibliopolism	The trade or business of selling books.
Bibliopolist	Same as Bibliopole.
Bibliopolistic	Of or pertaining to bibliopolism.
Bibliotaph	Alt. of Bibliotaphist
Bibliotaphist	One who hides away books, as in a tomb.
Bibliothec	A librarian.
Bibliotheca	A library.
Bibliothecal	Belonging to a library.
Bibliothecary	A librarian.
Bibliotheke	A library.
Biblist	One who makes the Bible the sole rule of faith.
Biblist	A biblical scholar; a biblicist.
Bibracteate	Furnished with, or having, two bracts.
Bibulous	Readily imbibing fluids or moisture; spongy; as, bibulous blotting paper.
Bibulous	Inclined to drink; addicted to tippling.
Bibulously	In a bibulous manner; with profuse imbibition or absorption.
Bicalcarate	Having two spurs, as the wing or leg of a bird.
Bicallose	Alt. of Bicallous
Bicallous	Having two callosities or hard spots.
Bicameral	Consisting of, or including, two chambers, or legislative branches.
Bicapsular	Having two capsules; as, a bicapsular pericarp.
Bicarbonate	A carbonate in which but half the hydrogen of the acid is replaced by a positive element or radical, thus making the proportion of the acid to the positive or basic portion twice what it is in the normal carbonates; an acid carbonate; -- sometimes called supercarbonate.
Bicarbureted	Alt. of -retted
-retted	Containing two atoms or equivalents of carbon in the molecule.
Bicarinate	Having two keel-like projections, as the upper palea of grasses.
Bicaudal	Having, or terminating in, two tails.
Bicaudate	Two-tailed; bicaudal.
Bicched	Pecked; pitted; notched.
Bice	Alt. of Bise
Bise	A pale blue pigment, prepared from the native blue carbonate of copper, or from smalt; -- called also blue bice.
Bicentenary	Of or pertaining to two hundred, esp. to two hundred years; as, a bicentenary celebration.
Bicentenary	The two hundredth anniversary, or its celebration.
Bicentennial	Consisting of two hundred years.
Bicentennial	Occurring every two hundred years.
Bicentennial	The two hundredth year or anniversary, or its celebration.
Bicephalous	Having two heads.
Biceps	A muscle having two heads or origins; -- applied particularly to a flexor in the arm, and to another in the thigh.
Bichir	A remarkable ganoid fish (Polypterus bichir) found in the Nile and other African rivers. See Brachioganoidei.
Bichloride	A compound consisting of two atoms of chlorine with one or more atoms of another element; -- called also dichloride.
Bicho	See Jigger.
Bichromate	A salt containing two parts of chromic acid to one of the other ingredients; as, potassium bichromate; -- called also dichromate.
Bichromatize	To combine or treat with a bichromate, esp. with bichromate of potassium; as, bichromatized gelatine.
Bicipital	Having two heads or origins, as a muscle.
Bicipital	Pertaining to a biceps muscle; as, bicipital furrows, the depressions on either side of the biceps of the arm.
Bicipital	Dividing into two parts at one extremity; having two heads or two supports; as, a bicipital tree.
Bicipitous	Having two heads; bicipital.
Bicker	A small wooden vessel made of staves and hoops, like a tub.
Bickered	of Bicker
Bickering	of Bicker
Bicker	To skirmish; to exchange blows; to fight.
Bicker	To contend in petulant altercation; to wrangle.
Bicker	To move quickly and unsteadily, or with a pattering noise; to quiver; to be tremulous, like flame.
Bicker	A skirmish; an encounter.
Bicker	A fight with stones between two parties of boys.
Bicker	A wrangle; also, a noise,, as in angry contention.
Bickerer	One who bickers.
Bickering	A skirmishing.
Bickering	Altercation; wrangling.
Bickerment	Contention.
Bickern	An anvil ending in a beak or point (orig. in two beaks); also, the beak or horn itself.
Bicolligate	Having the anterior toes connected by a basal web.
Bicolor	Alt. of Bicolored
Bicolored	Of two colors.
Biconcave	Concave on both sides; as, biconcave vertebrae.
Biconjugate	Twice paired, as when a petiole forks twice.
Biconvex	Convex on both sides; as, a biconvex lens.
Bicorn	Alt. of Bicornous
Bicorned	Alt. of Bicornous
Bicornous	Having two horns; two-horned; crescentlike.
Bicorporal	Having two bodies.
Bicorporate	Double-bodied, as a lion having one head and two bodies.
Bicostate	Having two principal ribs running longitudinally, as a leaf.
Bicrenate	Twice crenated, as in the case of leaves whose crenatures are themselves crenate.
Bicrescentic	Having the form of a double crescent.
Bicrural	Having two legs.
Bicuspid	Alt. of Bicuspidate
Bicuspidate	Having two points or prominences; ending in two points; -- said of teeth, leaves, fruit, etc.
Bicuspid	One of the two double-pointed teeth which intervene between the canines (cuspids) and the molars, on each side of each jaw. See Tooth, n.
Bicyanide	See Dicyanide.
Bicycle	A light vehicle having two wheels one behind the other. It has a saddle seat and is propelled by the rider's feet acting on cranks or levers.
Bicycler	One who rides a bicycle.
Bicyclic	Relating to bicycles.
Bicycling	The use of a bicycle; the act or practice of riding a bicycle.
Bicyclism	The art of riding a bicycle.
Bicyclist	A bicycler.
Bicycular	Relating to bicycling.
Bade	of Bid
Bid	of Bid
Bad	of Bid
Bidden	of Bid
Bid	of Bid
Bidding	of Bid
Bid	To make an offer of; to propose. Specifically : To offer to pay ( a certain price, as for a thing put up at auction), or to take (a certain price, as for work to be done under a contract).
Bid	To offer in words; to declare, as a wish, a greeting, a threat, or defiance, etc.; as, to bid one welcome; to bid good morning, farewell, etc.
Bid	To proclaim; to declare publicly; to make known.
Bid	To order; to direct; to enjoin; to command.
Bid	To invite; to call in; to request to come.
Bid	imp. & p. p. of Bid.
Bid	An offer of a price, especially at auctions; a statement of a sum which one will give for something to be received, or will take for something to be done or furnished; that which is offered.
Bid	To pray.
Bid	To make a bid; to state what one will pay or take.
Bidale	An invitation of friends to drink ale at some poor man's house, and there to contribute in charity for his relief.
Biddable	Obedient; docile.
Bidden	p. p. of Bid.
Bidder	One who bids or offers a price.
Biddery ware	A kind of metallic ware made in India. The material is a composition of zinc, tin, and lead, in which ornaments of gold and silver are inlaid or damascened.
Bidding	Command; order; a proclamation or notifying.
Bidding	The act or process of making bids; an offer; a proposal of a price, as at an auction.
Bidding prayer	The prayer for the souls of benefactors, said before the sermon.
Bidding prayer	The prayer before the sermon, with petitions for various specified classes of persons.
Biddy	A name used in calling a hen or chicken.
Biddy	An Irish serving woman or girl.
Bided	of Bide
Biding	of Bide
Bide	To dwell; to inhabit; to abide; to stay.
Bide	To remain; to continue or be permanent in a place or state; to continue to be.
Bide	To encounter; to remain firm under (a hardship); to endure; to suffer; to undergo.
Bide	To wait for; as, I bide my time. See Abide.
Bident	An instrument or weapon with two prongs.
Bidental	Having two teeth.
Bidentate	Having two teeth or two toothlike processes; two-toothed.
Bidet	A small horse formerly allowed to each trooper or dragoon for carrying his baggage.
Bidet	A kind of bath tub for sitting baths; a sitz bath.
Bidigitate	Having two fingers or fingerlike projections.
Biding	Residence; habitation.
Bield	A shelter. Same as Beild.
Bield	To shelter.
Biennial	Happening, or taking place, once in two years; as, a biennial election.
Biennial	Continuing for two years, and then perishing, as plants which form roots and leaves the first year, and produce fruit the second.
Biennial	Something which takes place or appears once in two years; esp. a biennial examination.
Biennial	A plant which exists or lasts for two years.
Biennially	Once in two years.
Bier	A handbarrow or portable frame on which a corpse is placed or borne to the grave.
Bier	A count of forty threads in the warp or chain of woolen cloth.
Bierbalk	A church road (e. g., a path across fields) for funerals.
Biestings	Alt. of Beestings
Beestings	The first milk given by a cow after calving.
Bifacial	Having the opposite surfaces alike.
Bifarious	Twofold; arranged in two rows.
Bifarious	Pointing two ways, as leaves that grow only on opposite sides of a branch; in two vertical rows.
Bifariously	In a bifarious manner.
Biferous	Bearing fruit twice a year.
Biffin	A sort of apple peculiar to Norfolk, Eng.
Biffin	A baked apple pressed down into a flat, round cake; a dried apple.
Bifid	Cleft to the middle or slightly beyond the middle; opening with a cleft; divided by a linear sinus, with straight margins.
Bifidate	See Bifid.
Bifilar	Two-threaded; involving the use of two threads; as, bifilar suspension; a bifilar balance.
Biflabellate	Flabellate on both sides.
Biflagellate	Having two long, narrow, whiplike appendages.
Biflorate	Alt. of Biflorous
Biflorous	Bearing two flowers; two-flowered.
Bifold	Twofold; double; of two kinds, degrees, etc.
Bifoliate	Having two leaves; two-leaved.
Bifoliolate	Having two leaflets, as some compound leaves.
Biforate	Having two perforations.
Biforine	An oval sac or cell, found in the leaves of certain plants of the order Araceae. It has an opening at each end through which raphides, generated inside, are discharged.
Biforked	Bifurcate.
Biform	Having two forms, bodies, or shapes.
Biformed	Having two forms.
Biformity	A double form.
Biforn	Before.
Biforous	See Biforate.
Bifronted	Having two fronts.
Bifurcate	Alt. of Bifurcated
Bifurcated	Two-pronged; forked.
Bifurcate	To divide into two branches.
Bifurcation	A forking, or division into two branches.
Bifurcous	See Bifurcate, a.
Big	Having largeness of size; of much bulk or magnitude; of great size; large.
Big	Great with young; pregnant; swelling; ready to give birth or produce; -- often figuratively.
Big	Having greatness, fullness, importance, inflation, distention, etc., whether in a good or a bad sense; as, a big heart; a big voice; big looks; to look big. As applied to looks, it indicates haughtiness or pride.
Big	Alt. of Bigg
Bigg	Barley, especially the hardy four-rowed kind.
Big	Alt. of Bigg
Bigg	To build.
Biga	A two-horse chariot.
Bigam	A bigamist.
Bigamist	One who is guilty of bigamy.
Bigamous	Guilty of bigamy; involving bigamy; as, a bigamous marriage.
Bigamy	The offense of marrying one person when already legally married to another.
Bigarreau	Alt. of Bigaroon
Bigaroon	The large white-heart cherry.
Big-bellied	Having a great belly; as, a big-bellied man or flagon; advanced in pregnancy.
Bigeminate	Having a forked petiole, and a pair of leaflets at the end of each division; biconjugate; twice paired; -- said of a decompound leaf.
Bigential	Including two tribes or races of men.
Bigeye	A fish of the genus Priacanthus, remarkable for the large size of the eye.
Bigg	See Big, n. & v.
Biggen	To make or become big; to enlarge.
Bigger	compar. of Big.
Biggest	superl. of Big.
Biggin	A child's cap; a hood, or something worn on the head.
Biggin	A coffeepot with a strainer or perforated metallic vessel for holding the ground coffee, through which boiling water is poured; -- so called from Mr. Biggin, the inventor.
Biggin	Alt. of Bigging
Bigging	A building.
Biggon	Alt. of Biggonnet
Biggonnet	A cap or hood with pieces covering the ears.
Bigha	A measure of land in India, varying from a third of an acre to an acre.
Bighorn	The Rocky Mountain sheep (Ovis / Caprovis montana).
Bight	A corner, bend, or angle; a hollow; as, the bight of a horse's knee; the bight of an elbow.
Bight	A bend in a coast forming an open bay; as, the Bight of Benin.
Bight	The double part of a rope when folded, in distinction from the ends; that is, a round, bend, or coil not including the ends; a loop.
Biglandular	Having two glands, as a plant.
Bigly	In a tumid, swelling, blustering manner; haughtily; violently.
Bigness	The state or quality of being big; largeness; size; bulk.
Bignonia	A large genus of American, mostly tropical, climbing shrubs, having compound leaves and showy somewhat tubular flowers. B. capreolata is the cross vine of the Southern United States. The trumpet creeper was formerly considered to be of this genus.
Bignoniaceous	Of pertaining to, or resembling, the family of plants of which the trumpet flower is an example.
Bigot	A hypocrite; esp., a superstitious hypocrite.
Bigot	A person who regards his own faith and views in matters of religion as unquestionably right, and any belief or opinion opposed to or differing from them as unreasonable or wicked. In an extended sense, a person who is intolerant of opinions which conflict with his own, as in politics or morals; one obstinately and blindly devoted to his own church, party, belief, or opinion.
Bigot	Bigoted.
Bigoted	Obstinately and blindly attached to some creed, opinion practice, or ritual; unreasonably devoted to a system or party, and illiberal toward the opinions of others.
Bigotedly	In the manner of a bigot.
Bigotry	The state of mind of a bigot; obstinate and unreasoning attachment of one's own belief and opinions, with narrow-minded intolerance of beliefs opposed to them.
Bigotry	The practice or tenets of a bigot.
Bigwig	A person of consequence; as, the bigwigs of society.
Big-wigged	characterized by pomposity of manner.
Bihydroguret	A compound of two atoms of hydrogen with some other substance.
Bijoux	of Bijou
Bijou	A trinket; a jewel; -- a word applied to anything small and of elegant workmanship.
Bijoutry	Small articles of virtu, as jewelry, trinkets, etc.
Bijugate	Having two pairs, as of leaflets.
Bijugous	Bijugate.
Bike	A nest of wild bees, wasps, or ants; a swarm.
Bikh	The East Indian name of a virulent poison extracted from Aconitum ferox or other species of aconite: also, the plant itself.
Bilabiate	Having two lips, as the corols of certain flowers.
Bilaciniate	Doubly fringed.
Bilalo	A two-masted passenger boat or small vessel, used in the bay of Manila.
Bilamellate	Alt. of Bilamellated
Bilamellated	Formed of two plates, as the stigma of the Mimulus; also, having two elevated ridges, as in the lip of certain flowers.
Bilaminar	Alt. of Bilaminate
Bilaminate	Formed of, or having, two laminae, or thin plates.
Biland	A byland.
Bilander	A small two-masted merchant vessel, fitted only for coasting, or for use in canals, as in Holland.
Bilateral	Having two sides; arranged upon two sides; affecting two sides or two parties.
Bilateral	Of or pertaining to the two sides of a central area or organ, or of a central axis; as, bilateral symmetry in animals, where there is a similarity of parts on the right and left sides of the body.
Bilaterality	State of being bilateral.
Bilberries	of Bilberry
Bilberry	The European whortleberry (Vaccinium myrtillus); also, its edible bluish black fruit.
Bilberry	Any similar plant or its fruit; esp., in America, the species Vaccinium myrtilloides, V. caespitosum and V. uliginosum.
Bilboes	of Bilbo
Bilbo	A rapier; a sword; so named from Bilbao, in Spain.
Bilbo	A long bar or bolt of iron with sliding shackles, and a lock at the end, to confine the feet of prisoners or offenders, esp. on board of ships.
Bilboquet	The toy called cup and ball.
Bilcock	The European water rail.
Bildstein	Same as Agalmatolite.
Bile	A yellow, or greenish, viscid fluid, usually alkaline in reaction, secreted by the liver. It passes into the intestines, where it aids in the digestive process. Its characteristic constituents are the bile salts, and coloring matters.
Bile	Bitterness of feeling; choler; anger; ill humor; as, to stir one's bile.
Bile	A boil.
Bilection	That portion of a group of moldings which projects beyond the general surface of a panel; a bolection.
Bilestone	A gallstone, or biliary calculus. See Biliary.
Bilge	The protuberant part of a cask, which is usually in the middle.
Bilge	That part of a ship's hull or bottom which is broadest and most nearly flat, and on which she would rest if aground.
Bilge	Bilge water.
Bilged	of Bilge
Bilging	of Bilge
Bilge	To suffer a fracture in the bilge; to spring a leak by a fracture in the bilge.
Bilge	To bulge.
Bilge	To fracture the bilge of, or stave in the bottom of (a ship or other vessel).
Bilge	To cause to bulge.
Bilgy	Having the smell of bilge water.
Biliary	Relating or belonging to bile; conveying bile; as, biliary acids; biliary ducts.
Biliation	The production and excretion of bile.
Biliferous	Generating bile.
Bilifuscin	A brownish green pigment found in human gallstones and in old bile. It is a derivative of bilirubin.
Bilimbi	Alt. of Bilimbing
Bilimbing	The berries of two East Indian species of Averrhoa, of the Oxalideae or Sorrel family. They are very acid, and highly esteemed when preserved or pickled. The juice is used as a remedy for skin diseases.
Biliment	A woman's ornament; habiliment.
Bilin	A name applied to the amorphous or crystalline mass obtained from bile by the action of alcohol and ether. It is composed of a mixture of the sodium salts of the bile acids.
Bilinear	Of, pertaining to, or included by, two lines; as, bilinear coordinates.
Bilingual	Containing, or consisting of, two languages; expressed in two languages; as, a bilingual inscription; a bilingual dictionary.
Bilingualism	Quality of being bilingual.
Bilinguar	See Bilingual.
Bilinguist	One versed in two languages.
Bilinguous	Having two tongues, or speaking two languages.
Bilious	Of or pertaining to the bile.
Bilious	Disordered in respect to the bile; troubled with an excess of bile; as, a bilious patient; dependent on, or characterized by, an excess of bile; as, bilious symptoms.
Bilious	Choleric; passionate; ill tempered.
Biliousness	The state of being bilious.
Biliprasin	A dark green pigment found in small quantity in human gallstones.
Bilirubin	A reddish yellow pigment present in human bile, and in that from carnivorous and herbivorous animals; the normal biliary pigment.
Biliteral	Consisting of two letters; as, a biliteral root of a Sanskrit verb.
Biliteral	A word, syllable, or root, consisting of two letters.
Biliteralism	The property or state of being biliteral.
Biliverdin	A green pigment present in the bile, formed from bilirubin by oxidation.
Bilked	of Bilk
Bilking	of Bilk
Bilk	To frustrate or disappoint; to deceive or defraud, by nonfulfillment of engagement; to leave in the lurch; to give the slip to; as, to bilk a creditor.
Bilk	A thwarting an adversary in cribbage by spoiling his score; a balk.
Bilk	A cheat; a trick; a hoax.
Bilk	Nonsense; vain words.
Bilk	A person who tricks a creditor; an untrustworthy, tricky person.
Bill	A beak, as of a bird, or sometimes of a turtle or other animal.
Billed	of Bill
Billing	of Bill
Bill	To strike; to peck.
Bill	To join bills, as doves; to caress in fondness.
Bill	The bell, or boom, of the bittern
Bill	A cutting instrument, with hook-shaped point, and fitted with a handle; -- used in pruning, etc.; a billhook. When short, called a hand bill, when long, a hedge bill.
Bill	A weapon of infantry, in the 14th and 15th centuries. A common form of bill consisted of a broad, heavy, double-edged, hook-shaped blade, having a short pike at the back and another at the top, and attached to the end of a long staff.
Bill	One who wields a bill; a billman.
Bill	A pickax, or mattock.
Bill	The extremity of the arm of an anchor; the point of or beyond the fluke.
Bill	To work upon ( as to dig, hoe, hack, or chop anything) with a bill.
Bill	A declaration made in writing, stating some wrong the complainant has suffered from the defendant, or a fault committed by some person against a law.
Bill	A writing binding the signer or signers to pay a certain sum at a future day or on demand, with or without interest, as may be stated in the document.
Bill	A form or draft of a law, presented to a legislature for enactment; a proposed or projected law.
Bill	A paper, written or printed, and posted up or given away, to advertise something, as a lecture, a play, or the sale of goods; a placard; a poster; a handbill.
Bill	An account of goods sold, services rendered, or work done, with the price or charge; a statement of a creditor's claim, in gross or by items; as, a grocer's bill.
Bill	Any paper, containing a statement of particulars; as, a bill of charges or expenditures; a weekly bill of mortality; a bill of fare, etc.
Bill	To advertise by a bill or public notice.
Bill	To charge or enter in a bill; as, to bill goods.
Billage	Same as Bilge.
Billard	An English fish, allied to the cod; the coalfish.
Billbeetle	Alt. of Billbug
Billbug	A weevil or curculio of various species, as the corn weevil. See Curculio.
Billboard	A piece of thick plank, armed with iron plates, and fixed on the bow or fore channels of a vessel, for the bill or fluke of the anchor to rest on.
Billboard	A flat surface, as of a panel or of a fence, on which bills are posted; a bulletin board.
Bill book	A book in which a person keeps an account of his notes, bills, bills of exchange, etc., thus showing all that he issues and receives.
Bill broker	One who negotiates the discount of bills.
Billed	Furnished with, or having, a bill, as a bird; -- used in composition; as, broad-billed.
Billet	A small paper; a note; a short letter.
Billet	A ticket from a public officer directing soldiers at what house to lodge; as, a billet of residence.
Billeted	of Billet
Billeting	of Billet
Billet	To direct, by a ticket or note, where to lodge. Hence: To quarter, or place in lodgings, as soldiers in private houses.
Billet	A small stick of wood, as for firewood.
Billet	A short bar of metal, as of gold or iron.
Billet	An ornament in Norman work, resembling a billet of wood either square or round.
Billet	A strap which enters a buckle.
Billet	A loop which receives the end of a buckled strap.
Billet	A bearing in the form of an oblong rectangle.
Billets-doux	of Billet-doux
Billet-doux	A love letter or note.
Billethead	A round piece of timber at the bow or stern of a whaleboat, around which the harpoon lone is run out when the whale darts off.
Billfish	A name applied to several distinct fishes
Billfish	The garfish (Tylosurus, / Belone, longirostris) and allied species.
Billfish	The saury, a slender fish of the Atlantic coast (Scomberesox saurus).
Billfish	The Tetrapturus albidus, a large oceanic species related to the swordfish; the spearfish.
Billfish	The American fresh-water garpike (Lepidosteus osseus).
Billhead	A printed form, used by merchants in making out bills or rendering accounts.
Bill holder	A person who holds a bill or acceptance.
Bill holder	A device by means of which bills, etc., are held.
Billhook	A thick, heavy knife with a hooked point, used in pruning hedges, etc. When it has a short handle, it is sometimes called a hand bill; when the handle is long, a hedge bill or scimiter.
Billiard	Of or pertaining to the game of billiards.
Billiards	A game played with ivory balls o a cloth-covered, rectangular table, bounded by elastic cushions. The player seeks to impel his ball with his cue so that it shall either strike (carom upon) two other balls, or drive another ball into one of the pockets with which the table sometimes is furnished.
Billing	Caressing; kissing.
Billingsgate	A market near the Billings gate in London, celebrated for fish and foul language.
Billingsgate	Coarsely abusive, foul, or profane language; vituperation; ribaldry.
Billion	According to the French and American method of numeration, a thousand millions, or 1,000,000,000; according to the English method, a million millions, or  1,000,000,000,000. See Numeration.
Billmen	of Billman
Billman	One who uses, or is armed with, a bill or hooked ax.
Billon	An alloy of gold and silver with a large proportion of copper or other base metal, used in coinage.
Billot	Bullion in the bar or mass.
Billow	A great wave or surge of the sea or other water, caused usually by violent wind.
Billow	A great wave or flood of anything.
Billowed	of Billow
Billowing	of Billow
Billow	To surge; to rise and roll in waves or surges; to undulate.
Billowy	Of or pertaining to billows; swelling or swollen into large waves; full of billows or surges; resembling billows.
Billposter	Alt. of Billsticker
Billsticker	One whose occupation is to post handbills or posters in public places.
Billy	A club; esp., a policeman's club.
Billy	A slubbing or roving machine.
Billyboy	A flat-bottomed river barge or coasting vessel.
Billy goat	A male goat.
Bilobate	Divided into two lobes or segments.
Bilobed	Bilobate.
Bilocation	Double location; the state or power of being in two places at the same instant; -- a miraculous power attributed to some of the saints.
Bilocular	Divided into two cells or compartments; as, a bilocular pericarp.
Bilsted	See Sweet gum.
Biltong	Lean meat cut into strips and sun-dried.
Bimaculate	Having, or marked with, two spots.
Bimana	Animals having two hands; -- a term applied by Cuvier to man as a special order of Mammalia.
Bimanous	Having two hands; two-handed.
Bimarginate	Having a double margin, as certain shells.
Bimastism	The condition of having two mammae or teats.
Bimedial	Applied to a line which is the sum of two lines commensurable only in power (as the side and diagonal of a square).
Bimembral	Having two members; as, a bimembral sentence.
Bimensal	See Bimonthly, a.
Bimestrial	Continuing two months.
Bimetallic	Of or relating to, or using, a double metallic standard (as gold and silver) for a system of coins or currency.
Bimetallism	The legalized use of two metals (as gold and silver) in the currency of a country, at a fixed relative value; -- in opposition to monometallism.
Bimetallist	An advocate of bimetallism.
Bimonthly	Occurring, done, or coming, once in two months; as, bimonthly visits; bimonthly publications.
Bimonthly	A bimonthly publication.
Bimonthly	Once in two months.
Bimuscular	Having two adductor muscles, as a bivalve mollusk.
Bin	A box, frame, crib, or inclosed place, used as a receptacle for any commodity; as, a corn bin; a wine bin; a coal bin.
Binned	of Bin
Binning	of Bin
Bin	To put into a bin; as, to bin wine.
Bin	An old form of Be and Been.
Bin-	A euphonic form of the prefix Bi-.
Binal	Twofold; double.
Binarseniate	A salt having two equivalents of arsenic acid to one of the base.
Binary	Compounded or consisting of two things or parts; characterized by two (things).
Binary	That which is constituted of two figures, things, or parts; two; duality.
Binate	Double; growing in pairs or couples.
Binaural	Of or pertaining to, or used by, both ears.
Bound	of Bind
Bound	of Bind
Bounden	of Bind
Binding	of Bind
Bind	To tie, or confine with a cord, band, ligature, chain, etc.; to fetter; to make fast; as, to bind grain in bundles; to bind a prisoner.
Bind	To confine, restrain, or hold by physical force or influence of any kind; as, attraction binds the planets to the sun; frost binds the earth, or the streams.
Bind	To cover, as with a bandage; to bandage or dress; -- sometimes with up; as, to bind up a wound.
Bind	To make fast ( a thing) about or upon something, as by tying; to encircle with something; as, to bind a belt about one; to bind a compress upon a part.
Bind	To prevent or restrain from customary or natural action; as, certain drugs bind the bowels.
Bind	To protect or strengthen by a band or binding, as the edge of a carpet or garment.
Bind	To sew or fasten together, and inclose in a cover; as, to bind a book.
Bind	Fig.: To oblige, restrain, or hold, by authority, law, duty, promise, vow, affection, or other moral tie; as, to bind the conscience; to bind by kindness; bound by affection; commerce binds nations to each other.
Bind	To bring (any one) under definite legal obligations; esp. under the obligation of a bond or covenant.
Bind	To place under legal obligation to serve; to indenture; as, to bind an apprentice; -- sometimes with out; as, bound out to service.
Bind	To tie; to confine by any ligature.
Bind	To contract; to grow hard or stiff; to cohere or stick together in a mass; as, clay binds by heat.
Bind	To be restrained from motion, or from customary or natural action, as by friction.
Bind	To exert a binding or restraining influence.
Bind	That which binds or ties.
Bind	Any twining or climbing plant or stem, esp. a hop vine; a bine.
Bind	Indurated clay, when much mixed with the oxide of iron.
Bind	A ligature or tie for grouping notes.
Binder	One who binds; as, a binder of sheaves; one whose trade is to bind; as, a binder of books.
Binder	Anything that binds, as a fillet, cord, rope, or band; a bandage; -- esp. the principal piece of timber intended to bind together any building.
Bindery	A place where books, or other articles, are bound; a bookbinder's establishment.
Bindheimite	An amorphous antimonate of lead, produced from the alteration of other ores, as from jamesonite.
Binding	That binds; obligatory.
Binding	The act or process of one who, or that which, binds.
Binding	Anything that binds; a bandage; the cover of a book, or the cover with the sewing, etc.; something that secures the edge of cloth from raveling.
Binding	The transoms, knees, beams, keelson, and other chief timbers used for connecting and strengthening the parts of a vessel.
Bindingly	So as to bind.
Bindingness	The condition or property of being binding; obligatory quality.
Bindweed	A plant of the genus Convolvulus; as, greater bindweed (C. Sepium); lesser bindweed (C. arvensis); the white, the blue, the Syrian, bindweed. The black bryony, or Tamus, is called black bindweed, and the Smilax aspera, rough bindweed.
Bine	The winding or twining stem of a hop vine or other climbing plant.
Binervate	Two-nerved; -- applied to leaves which have two longitudinal ribs or nerves.
Binervate	Having only two nerves, as the wings of some insects.
Bing	A heap or pile; as, a bing of wood.
Biniodide	Same as Diiodide.
Bink	A bench.
Binnacle	A case or box placed near the helmsman, containing the compass of a ship, and a light to show it at night.
Binny	A large species of barbel (Barbus bynni), found in the Nile, and much esteemed for food.
Binocle	A dioptric telescope, fitted with two tubes joining, so as to enable a person to view an object with both eyes at once; a double-barreled field glass or an opera glass.
Binocular	Having two eyes.
Binocular	Pertaining to both eyes; employing both eyes at once; as, binocular vision.
Binocular	Adapted to the use of both eyes; as, a binocular microscope or telescope.
Binocular	A binocular glass, whether opera glass, telescope, or microscope.
Binocularly	In a binocular manner.
Binoculate	Having two eyes.
Binomial	An expression consisting of two terms connected by the sign plus (+) or minus (-); as, a + b, or 7 - 3.
Binomial	Consisting of two terms; pertaining to binomials; as, a binomial root.
Binomial	Having two names; -- used of the system by which every animal and plant receives two names, the one indicating the genus, the other the species, to which it belongs.
Binominal	Of or pertaining to two names; binomial.
Binominous	Binominal.
Binotonous	Consisting of two notes; as, a binotonous cry.
Binous	Same as Binate.
Binoxalate	A salt having two equivalents of oxalic acid to one of the base; an acid oxalate.
Binoxide	Same as Dioxide.
Binturong	A small Asiatic civet of the genus Arctilis.
Binuclear	Alt. of Binucleate
Binucleate	Having two nuclei; as, binucleate cells.
Binucleolate	Having two nucleoli.
Bioblast	Same as Bioplast.
Biocellate	Having two ocelli (eyelike spots); -- said of a wing, etc.
Biochemistry	The chemistry of living organisms; the chemistry of the processes incidental to, and characteristic of, life.
Biodynamics	The doctrine of vital forces or energy.
Biogen	Bioplasm.
Biogenesis	Alt. of Biogeny
Biogeny	A doctrine that the genesis or production of living organisms can take place only through the agency of living germs or parents; -- opposed to abiogenesis.
Biogeny	Life development generally.
Biogenetic	Pertaining to biogenesis.
Biogenist	A believer in the theory of biogenesis.
Biognosis	The investigation of life.
Biographer	One who writes an account or history of the life of a particular person; a writer of lives, as Plutarch.
Biographic	Alt. of Biographical
Biographical	Of or pertaining to biography; containing biography.
Biographize	To write a history of the life of.
Biographies	of Biography
Biography	The written history of a person's life.
Biography	Biographical writings in general.
Biologic	Alt. of Biological
Biological	Of or relating to biology.
Biologist	A student of biology; one versed in the science of biology.
Biology	The science of life; that branch of knowledge which treats of living matter as distinct from matter which is not living; the study of living tissue. It has to do with the origin, structure, development, function, and distribution of animals and plants.
Biolysis	The destruction of life.
Biolytic	Relating to the destruction of life.
Biomagnetic	Relating to biomagnetism.
Biomagnetism	Animal magnetism.
Biometry	Measurement of life; calculation of the probable duration of human life.
Bion	The physiological individual, characterized by definiteness and independence of function, in distinction from the morphological individual or morphon.
Bionomy	Physiology.
Biophor Biophore	One of the smaller vital units of a cell, the bearer of vitality and heredity. See Pangen, in Supplement.
Bioplasm	A name suggested by Dr. Beale for the germinal matter supposed to be essential to the functions of all living beings; the material through which every form of life manifests itself; unaltered protoplasm.
Bioplasmic	Pertaining to, or consisting of, bioplasm.
Bioplast	A tiny mass of bioplasm, in itself a living unit and having formative power, as a living white blood corpuscle; bioblast.
Bioplastic	Bioplasmic.
Biorgan	A physiological organ; a living organ; an organ endowed with function; -- distinguished from idorgan.
Biostatics	The physical phenomena of organized bodies, in opposition to their organic or vital phenomena.
Biostatistics	Vital statistics.
Biotaxy	The classification of living organisms according to their structural character; taxonomy.
Biotic	Relating to life; as, the biotic principle.
Biotite	Mica containing iron and magnesia, generally of a black or dark green color; -- a common constituent of crystalline rocks. See Mica.
Bipalmate	Palmately branched, with the branches again palmated.
Biparietal	Of or pertaining to the diameter of the cranium, from one parietal fossa to the other.
Biparous	Bringing forth two at a birth.
Bipartible	Capable of being divided into two parts.
Bipartient	Dividing into two parts.
Bipartient	A number that divides another into two equal parts without a remainder.
Bipartile	Divisible into two parts.
Bipartite	Being in two parts; having two correspondent parts, as a legal contract or writing, one for each party; shared by two; as, a bipartite treaty.
Bipartite	Divided into two parts almost to the base, as a leaf; consisting of two parts or subdivisions.
Bipartition	The act of dividing into two parts, or of making two correspondent parts, or the state of being so divided.
Bipectinate	Alt. of Bipectinated
Bipectinated	Having two margins toothed like a comb.
Biped	A two-footed animal, as man.
Biped	Having two feet; two-footed.
Bipedal	Having two feet; biped.
Bipedal	Pertaining to a biped.
Bipeltate	Having a shell or covering like a double shield.
Bipennate	Alt. of Bipennated
Bipennated	Having two wings.
Bipennis	An ax with an edge or blade on each side of the handle.
Bipetalous	Having two petals.
Bipinnaria	The larva of certain starfishes as developed in the free-swimming stage.
Bipinnate	Alt. of Bipinnated
Bipinnated	Twice pinnate.
Bipinnatifid	Doubly pinnatifid.
Biplicate	Twice folded together.
Biplicity	The state of being twice folded; reduplication.
Bipolar	Doubly polar; having two poles; as, a bipolar cell or corpuscle.
Bipolarity	Bipolar quality.
Bipont	Alt. of Bipontine
Bipontine	Relating to books printed at Deuxponts, or Bipontium (Zweibrucken), in Bavaria.
Bipunctate	Having two punctures, or spots.
Bipunctual	Having two points.
Bipupillate	Having an eyelike spot on the wing, with two dots within it of a different color, as in some butterflies.
Bipyramidal	Consisting of two pyramids placed base to base; having a pyramid at each of the extremities of a prism, as in quartz crystals.
Biquadrate	The fourth power, or the square of the square. Thus 4x4=16, the square of 4, and 16x16=256, the biquadrate of 4.
Biquadratic	Of or pertaining to the biquadrate, or fourth power.
Biquadratic	A biquadrate.
Biquadratic	A biquadratic equation.
Biquintile	An aspect of the planets when they are distant from each other by twice the fifth part of a great circle -- that is, twice 72 degrees.
Biradiate	Alt. of Biradiated
Biradiated	Having two rays; as, a biradiate fin.
Biramous	Having, or consisting of, two branches.
Birches	of Birch
Birch	A tree of several species, constituting the genus Betula; as, the white or common birch (B. alba) (also called silver birch and lady birch); the dwarf birch (B. glandulosa); the paper or canoe birch (B. papyracea); the yellow birch (B. lutea); the black or cherry birch (B. lenta).
Birch	The wood or timber of the birch.
Birch	A birch twig or birch twigs, used for flogging.
Birch	A birch-bark canoe.
Birch	Of or pertaining to the birch; birchen.
Birched	of Birch
Birching	of Birch
Birch	To whip with a birch rod or twig; to flog.
Birchen	Of or relating to birch.
Bird	Orig., a chicken; the young of a fowl; a young eaglet; a nestling; and hence, a feathered flying animal (see 2).
Bird	A warm-blooded, feathered vertebrate provided with wings. See Aves.
Bird	Specifically, among sportsmen, a game bird.
Bird	Fig.: A girl; a maiden.
Bird	To catch or shoot birds.
Bird	Hence: To seek for game or plunder; to thieve.
Birdbolt	A short blunt arrow for killing birds without piercing them.
Birdbolt	Anything which smites without penetrating.
Bird cage	Alt. of Birdcage
Birdcage	A cage for confining birds.
Birdcall	A sound made in imitation of the note or cry of a bird for the purpose of decoying the bird or its mate.
Birdcall	An instrument of any kind, as a whistle, used in making the sound of a birdcall.
Birdcatcher	One whose employment it is to catch birds; a fowler.
Birdcatching	The art, act, or occupation or catching birds or wild fowls.
Bird cherry	A shrub (Prunus Padus ) found in Northern and Central Europe. It bears small black cherries.
Birder	A birdcatcher.
Bird-eyed	Quick-sighted; catching a glance as one goes.
Bird fancier	One who takes pleasure in rearing or collecting rare or curious birds.
Bird fancier	One who has for sale the various kinds of birds which are kept in cages.
Birdie	A pretty or dear little bird; -- a pet name.
Birdikin	A young bird.
Birding	Birdcatching or fowling.
Birdlet	A little bird; a nestling.
Birdlike	Resembling a bird.
Birdlime	An extremely adhesive viscid substance, usually made of the middle bark of the holly, by boiling, fermenting, and cleansing it. When a twig is smeared with this substance it will hold small birds which may light upon it. Hence: Anything which insnares.
Birdlime	To smear with birdlime; to catch with birdlime; to insnare.
Birdling	A little bird; a nestling.
Birdman	A fowler or birdcatcher.
Bird of paradise	The name of several very beautiful birds of the genus Paradisea and allied genera, inhabiting New Guinea and the adjacent islands. The males have brilliant colors, elegant plumes, and often remarkable tail feathers.
Bird pepper	A species of capsicum (Capsicum baccatum), whose small, conical, coral-red fruit is among the most piquant of all red peppers.
Bird's-beak	A molding whose section is thought to resemble a beak.
Birdseed	Canary seed, hemp, millet or other small seeds used for feeding caged birds.
Bird's-eye	Seen from above, as if by a flying bird; embraced at a glance; hence, general; not minute, or entering into details; as, a bird's-eye view.
Bird's-eye	Marked with spots resembling bird's eyes; as, bird's-eye diaper; bird's-eye maple.
Bird's-eye	A plant with a small bright flower, as the Adonis or pheasant's eye, the mealy primrose (Primula farinosa), and species of Veronica, Geranium, etc.
Bird's-eye maple	See under Maple.
Bird's-foot	A papilionaceous plant, the Ornithopus, having a curved, cylindrical pod tipped with a short, clawlike point.
Bird's-mouth	An interior angle or notch cut across a piece of timber, for the reception of the edge of another, as that in a rafter to be laid on a plate; -- commonly called crow's-foot in the United States.
Bird's nest	Alt. of Bird's-nest
Bird's-nest	The nest in which a bird lays eggs and hatches her young.
Bird's-nest	The nest of a small swallow (Collocalia nidifica and several allied species), of China and the neighboring countries, which is mixed with soups.
Bird's-nest	An orchideous plant with matted roots, of the genus Neottia (N. nidus-avis.)
Bird's-nesting	Hunting for, or taking, birds' nests or their contents.
Bird's-tongue	The knotgrass (Polygonum aviculare).
Bird-witted	Flighty; passing rapidly from one subject to another; not having the faculty of attention.
Birectangular	Containing or having two right angles; as, a birectangular spherical triangle.
Bireme	An ancient galley or vessel with two banks or tiers of oars.
Biretta	Same as Berretta.
Birgander	See Bergander.
Birk	A birch tree.
Birk	A small European minnow (Leuciscus phoxinus).
Birken	To whip with a birch or rod.
Birken	Birchen; as, birken groves.
Birkie	A lively or mettlesome fellow.
Birl	To revolve or cause to revolve; to spin.
Birl	To pour (beer or wine); to ply with drink; to drink; to carouse.
Birlaw	A law made by husbandmen respecting rural affairs; a rustic or local law or by-law.
Birostrate	Alt. of Birostrated
Birostrated	Having a double beak, or two processes resembling beaks.
Birred	of Birr
Birring	of Birr
Birr	To make, or move with, a whirring noise, as of wheels in motion.
Birr	A whirring sound, as of a spinning wheel.
Birr	A rush or impetus; force.
Birrus	A coarse kind of thick woolen cloth, worn by the poor in the Middle Ages; also, a woolen cap or hood worn over the shoulders or over the head.
Birse	A bristle or bristles.
Birt	A fish of the turbot kind; the brill.
Birth	The act or fact of coming into life, or of being born; -- generally applied to human beings; as, the birth of a son.
Birth	Lineage; extraction; descent; sometimes, high birth; noble extraction.
Birth	The condition to which a person is born; natural state or position; inherited disposition or tendency.
Birth	The act of bringing forth; as, she had two children at a birth.
Birth	That which is born; that which is produced, whether animal or vegetable.
Birth	Origin; beginning; as, the birth of an empire.
Birth	See Berth.
Birthday	The day in which any person is born; day of origin or commencement.
Birthday	The day of the month in which a person was born, in whatever succeeding year it may recur; the anniversary of one's birth.
Birthday	Of or pertaining to the day of birth, or its anniversary; as, birthday gifts or festivities.
Birthdom	The land of one's birth; one's inheritance.
Birthing	Anything added to raise the sides of a ship.
Birthless	Of mean extraction.
Birthmark	Some peculiar mark or blemish on the body at birth.
Birthnight	The night in which a person is born; the anniversary of that night in succeeding years.
Birthplace	The town, city, or country, where a person is born; place of origin or birth, in its more general sense.
Birthright	Any right, privilege, or possession to which a person is entitled by birth, such as an estate descendible by law to an heir, or civil liberty under a free constitution; esp. the rights or inheritance of the first born.
Birthroot	An herbaceous plant (Trillium erectum), and its astringent rootstock, which is said to have medicinal properties.
Birthwort	A genus of herbs and shrubs (Aristolochia), reputed to have medicinal properties.
Bis	Twice; -- a word showing that something is, or is to be, repeated; as a passage of music, or an item in accounts.
Bis-	A form of Bi-, sometimes used before s, c, or a vowel.
Bisa antelope	See Oryx.
Bisaccate	Having two little bags, sacs, or pouches.
Biscayan	Of or pertaining to Biscay in Spain.
Biscayan	A native or inhabitant of Biscay.
Biscotin	A confection made of flour, sugar, marmalade, and eggs; a sweet biscuit.
Biscuit	A kind of unraised bread, of many varieties, plain, sweet, or fancy, formed into flat cakes, and bakes hard; as, ship biscuit.
Biscuit	A small loaf or cake of bread, raised and shortened, or made light with soda or baking powder. Usually a number are baked in the same pan, forming a sheet or card.
Biscuit	Earthen ware or porcelain which has undergone the first baking, before it is subjected to the glazing.
Biscuit	A species of white, unglazed porcelain, in which vases, figures, and groups are formed in miniature.
Biscutate	Resembling two bucklers placed side by side.
Bise	A cold north wind which prevails on the northern coasts of the Mediterranean and in Switzerland, etc.; -- nearly the same as the mistral.
Bise	See Bice.
Bisected	of Bisect
Bisecting	of Bisect
Bisect	To cut or divide into two parts.
Bisect	To divide into two equal parts.
Bisection	Division into two parts, esp. two equal parts.
Bisector	One who, or that which, bisects; esp. (Geom.) a straight line which bisects an angle.
Bisectrix	The line bisecting the angle between the optic axes of a biaxial crystal.
Bisegment	One of tow equal parts of a line, or other magnitude.
Biseptate	With two partitions or septa.
Biserial	Alt. of Biseriate
Biseriate	In two rows or series.
Biserrate	Doubly serrate, or having the serratures serrate, as in some leaves.
Biserrate	Serrate on both sides, as some antennae.
Bisetose	Alt. of Bisetous
Bisetous	Having two bristles.
Bisexous	Bisexual.
Bisexual	Of both sexes; hermaphrodite; as a flower with stamens and pistil, or an animal having ovaries and testes.
Bisexuous	Bisexual.
Biseye	p. p. of Besee.
Bish	Same as Bikh.
Bishop	A spiritual overseer, superintendent, or director.
Bishop	In the Roman Catholic, Greek, and Anglican or Protestant Episcopal churches, one ordained to the highest order of the ministry, superior to the priesthood, and generally claiming to be a successor of the Apostles. The bishop is usually the spiritual head or ruler of a diocese, bishopric, or see.
Bishop	In the Methodist Episcopal and some other churches, one of the highest church officers or superintendents.
Bishop	A piece used in the game of chess, bearing a representation of a bishop's miter; -- formerly called archer.
Bishop	A beverage, being a mixture of wine, oranges or lemons, and sugar.
Bishop	An old name for a woman's bustle.
Bishoped	of Bishop
Bishoping	of Bishop
Bishop	To admit into the church by confirmation; to confirm; hence, to receive formally to favor.
Bishoped	of Bishop
Bishoping	of Bishop
Bishop	To make seem younger, by operating on the teeth; as, to bishop an old horse or his teeth.
Bishopdom	Jurisdiction of a bishop; episcopate.
Bishoplike	Resembling a bishop; belonging to a bishop.
Bishoply	Bishoplike; episcopal.
Bishoply	In the manner of a bishop.
Bishopric	A diocese; the district over which the jurisdiction of a bishop extends.
Bishopric	The office of a spiritual overseer, as of an apostle, bishop, or presbyter.
Bishop's cap	A plant of the genus Mitella; miterwort.
Bishop sleeve	A wide sleeve, once worn by women.
Bishop's length	A canvas for a portrait measuring 58 by 94 inches. The half bishop measures 45 by 56.
Bishop-stool	A bishop's seat or see.
Bishop's-weed	An umbelliferous plant of the genus Ammi.
Bishop's-weed	Goutweed (Aegopodium podagraria).
Bishop's-wort	Wood betony (Stachys betonica); also, the plant called fennel flower (Nigella Damascena), or devil-in-a-bush.
Bisie	To busy; to employ.
Bisilicate	A salt of metasilicic acid; -- so called because the ratio of the oxygen of the silica to the oxygen of the base is as two to one. The bisilicates include many of the most common and important minerals.
Bisk	Soup or broth made by boiling several sorts of flesh together.
Bisk	See Bisque.
Bismare	Alt. of Bismer
Bismer	Shame; abuse.
Bismer	A rule steelyard.
Bismer	The fifteen-spined (Gasterosteus spinachia).
Bismillah	An adjuration or exclamation common among the Mohammedans.
Bismite	Bismuth trioxide, or bismuth ocher.
Bismuth	One of the elements; a metal of a reddish white color, crystallizing in rhombohedrons. It is somewhat harder than lead, and rather brittle; masses show broad cleavage surfaces when broken across. It melts at 507¡ Fahr., being easily fused in the flame of a candle. It is found in a native state, and as a constituent of some minerals. Specific gravity 9.8. Atomic weight 207.5. Symbol Bi.
Bismuthal	Containing bismuth.
Bismuthic	Of or pertaining to bismuth; containing bismuth, when this element has its higher valence; as, bismuthic oxide.
Bismuthiferous	Containing bismuth.
Bismuthine	Alt. of Bismuthinite
Bismuthinite	Native bismuth sulphide; -- sometimes called bismuthite.
Bismuthous	Of, or containing, bismuth, when this element has its lower valence.
Bismuthyl	Hydrous carbonate of bismuth, an earthy mineral of a dull white or yellowish color.
Bison	The aurochs or European bison.
Bison	The American bison buffalo (Bison Americanus), a large, gregarious bovine quadruped with shaggy mane and short black horns, which formerly roamed in herds over most of the temperate portion of North America, but is now restricted to very limited districts in the region of the Rocky Mountains, and is rapidly decreasing in numbers.
Bispinose	Having two spines.
Bisque	Unglazed white porcelain.
Bisque	A point taken by the receiver of odds in the game of tennis; also, an extra innings allowed to a weaker player in croquet.
Bisque	A white soup made of crayfish.
Bissextile	Leap year; every fourth year, in which a day is added to the month of February on account of the excess of the tropical year (365 d. 5 h. 48 m. 46 s.) above 365 days. But one day added every four years is equivalent to six hours each year, which is 11 m. 14 s. more than the excess of the real year. Hence, it is necessary to suppress the bissextile day at the end of every century which is not divisible by 400, while it is retained at the end of those which are divisible by 400.
Bissextile	Pertaining to leap year.
Bisson	Purblind; blinding.
Bister	Alt. of Bistre
Bistre	A dark brown pigment extracted from the soot of wood.
Bistipuled	Having two stipules.
Bistort	An herbaceous plant of the genus Polygonum, section Bistorta; snakeweed; adderwort. Its root is used in medicine as an astringent.
Bistouries	of Bistoury
Bistoury	A surgical instrument consisting of a slender knife, either straight or curved, generally used by introducing it beneath the part to be divided, and cutting towards the surface.
Bistre	See Bister.
Bisulcate	Having two grooves or furrows.
Bisulcate	Cloven; said of a foot or hoof.
Bisulcous	Bisulcate.
Bisulphate	A sulphate in which but half the hydrogen of the acid is replaced by a positive element or radical, thus making the proportion of the acid to the positive or basic portion twice what it is in the normal sulphates; an acid sulphate.
Bisulphide	A sulphide having two atoms of sulphur in the molecule; a disulphide, as in iron pyrites, FeS2; -- less frequently called bisulphuret.
Bisulphite	A salt of sulphurous acid in which the base replaces but half the hydrogen of the acid; an acid sulphite.
Bisulphuret	See Bisulphide.
Bit	The part of a bridle, usually of iron, which is inserted in the mouth of a horse, and having appendages to which the reins are fastened.
Bit	Fig.: Anything which curbs or restrains.
Bitted	of Bit
Bitting	of Bit
Bit	To put a bridle upon; to put the bit in the mouth of.
Bit	imp. & p. p. of Bite.
Bit	A part of anything, such as may be bitten off or taken into the mouth; a morsel; a bite. Hence: A small piece of anything; a little; a mite.
Bit	Somewhat; something, but not very great.
Bit	A tool for boring, of various forms and sizes, usually turned by means of a brace or bitstock. See Bitstock.
Bit	The part of a key which enters the lock and acts upon the bolt and tumblers.
Bit	The cutting iron of a plane.
Bit	In the Southern and Southwestern States, a small silver coin (as the real) formerly current; commonly, one worth about 12 1/2 cents; also, the sum of 12 1/2 cents.
Bit	3d sing. pr. of Bid, for biddeth.
Bitake	To commend; to commit.
Bitangent	Possessing the property of touching at two points.
Bitangent	A line that touches a curve in two points.
Bitartrate	A salt of tartaric acid in which the base replaces but half the acid hydrogen; an acid tartrate, as cream of tartar.
Bitch	The female of the canine kind, as of the dog, wolf, and fox.
Bitch	An opprobrious name for a woman, especially a lewd woman.
Bit	of Bite
Bitten	of Bite
Bit	of Bite
Biting	of Bite
Bite	To seize with the teeth, so that they enter or nip the thing seized; to lacerate, crush, or wound with the teeth; as, to bite an apple; to bite a crust; the dog bit a man.
Bite	To puncture, abrade, or sting with an organ (of some insects) used in taking food.
Bite	To cause sharp pain, or smarting, to; to hurt or injure, in a literal or a figurative sense; as, pepper bites the mouth.
Bite	To cheat; to trick; to take in.
Bite	To take hold of; to hold fast; to adhere to; as, the anchor bites the ground.
Bite	To seize something forcibly with the teeth; to wound with the teeth; to have the habit of so doing; as, does the dog bite?
Bite	To cause a smarting sensation; to have a property which causes such a sensation; to be pungent; as, it bites like pepper or mustard.
Bite	To cause sharp pain; to produce anguish; to hurt or injure; to have the property of so doing.
Bite	To take a bait into the mouth, as a fish does; hence, to take a tempting offer.
Bite	To take or keep a firm hold; as, the anchor bites.
Bite	The act of seizing with the teeth or mouth; the act of wounding or separating with the teeth or mouth; a seizure with the teeth or mouth, as of a bait; as, to give anything a hard bite.
Bite	The act of puncturing or abrading with an organ for taking food, as is done by some insects.
Bite	The wound made by biting; as, the pain of a dog's or snake's bite; the bite of a mosquito.
Bite	A morsel; as much as is taken at once by biting.
Bite	The hold which the short end of a lever has upon the thing to be lifted, or the hold which one part of a machine has upon another.
Bite	A cheat; a trick; a fraud.
Bite	A sharper; one who cheats.
Bite	A blank on the edge or corner of a page, owing to a portion of the frisket, or something else, intervening between the type and paper.
Biter	One who, or that which, bites; that which bites often, or is inclined to bite, as a dog or fish.
Biter	One who cheats; a sharper.
Biternate	Doubly ternate, as when a petiole has three ternate leaflets.
Bitheism	Belief in the existence of two gods; dualism.
Biting	That bites; sharp; cutting; sarcastic; caustic.
Biting in	The process of corroding or eating into metallic plates, by means of an acid. See Etch.
Bitingly	In a biting manner.
Bitless	Not having a bit or bridle.
Bitstock	A stock or handle for holding and rotating a bit; a brace.
Bitt	See Bitts.
Bitt	To put round the bitts; as, to bitt the cable, in order to fasten it or to slacken it gradually, which is called veering away.
Bittacle	A binnacle.
Bitten	p. p. of Bite.
Bitten	Terminating abruptly, as if bitten off; premorse.
Bitter	AA turn of the cable which is round the bitts.
Bitter	Having a peculiar, acrid, biting taste, like that of wormwood or an infusion of hops; as, a bitter medicine; bitter as aloes.
Bitter	Causing pain or smart; piercing; painful; sharp; severe; as, a bitter cold day.
Bitter	Causing, or fitted to cause, pain or distress to the mind; calamitous; poignant.
Bitter	Characterized by sharpness, severity, or cruelty; harsh; stern; virulent; as, bitter reproach.
Bitter	Mournful; sad; distressing; painful; pitiable.
Bitter	Any substance that is bitter. See Bitters.
Bitter	To make bitter.
Bitterbump	the butterbump or bittern.
Bitterful	Full of bitterness.
Bittering	A bitter compound used in adulterating beer; bittern.
Bitterish	Somewhat bitter.
Bitterling	A roachlike European fish (Rhodima amarus).
Bitterly	In a bitter manner.
Bittern	A wading bird of the genus Botaurus, allied to the herons, of various species.
Bittern	The brine which remains in salt works after the salt is concreted, having a bitter taste from the chloride of magnesium which it contains.
Bittern	A very bitter compound of quassia, cocculus Indicus, etc., used by fraudulent brewers in adulterating beer.
Bitterness	The quality or state of being bitter, sharp, or acrid, in either a literal or figurative sense; implacableness; resentfulness; severity; keenness of reproach or sarcasm; deep distress, grief, or vexation of mind.
Bitterness	A state of extreme impiety or enmity to God.
Bitterness	Dangerous error, or schism, tending to draw persons to apostasy.
Bitternut	The swamp hickory (Carya amara). Its thin-shelled nuts are bitter.
Bitterroot	A plant (Lewisia rediviva) allied to the purslane, but with fleshy, farinaceous roots, growing in the mountains of Idaho, Montana, etc. It gives the name to the Bitter Root mountains and river. The Indians call both the plant and the river Spaet'lum.
Bitters	A liquor, generally spirituous in which a bitter herb, leaf, or root is steeped.
Bitter spar	A common name of dolomite; -- so called because it contains magnesia, the soluble salts of which are bitter. See Dolomite.
Bittersweet	Sweet and then bitter or bitter and then sweet; esp. sweet with a bitter after taste; hence (Fig.), pleasant but painful.
Bittersweet	Anything which is bittersweet.
Bittersweet	A kind of apple so called.
Bittersweet	A climbing shrub, with oval coral-red berries (Solanum dulcamara); woody nightshade. The whole plant is poisonous, and has a taste at first sweetish and then bitter. The branches are the officinal dulcamara.
Bittersweet	An American woody climber (Celastrus scandens), whose yellow capsules open late in autumn, and disclose the red aril which covers the seeds; -- also called Roxbury waxwork.
Bitterweed	A species of Ambrosia (A. artemisiaefolia); Roman worm wood.
Bitterwood	A West Indian tree (Picraena excelsa) from the wood of which the bitter drug Jamaica quassia is obtained.
Bitterwort	The yellow gentian (Gentiana lutea), which has a very bitter taste.
Bittock	A small bit of anything, of indefinite size or quantity; a short distance.
Bittor Bittour	The bittern.
Bitts	A frame of two strong timbers fixed perpendicularly in the fore part of a ship, on which to fasten the cables as the ship rides at anchor, or in warping. Other bitts are used for belaying (belaying bitts), for sustaining the windlass (carrick bitts, winch bitts, or windlass bitts), to hold the pawls of the windlass (pawl bitts) etc.
Bitume	Bitumen.
Bitumed	Smeared with bitumen.
Bitumen	Mineral pitch; a black, tarry substance, burning with a bright flame; Jew's pitch.  It occurs as an abundant natural product in many places, as on the shores of the Dead and Caspian Seas. It is used in cements, in the construction of pavements, etc. See Asphalt.
Bitumen	By extension, any one of the natural hydrocarbons, including the hard, solid, brittle varieties called asphalt, the semisolid maltha and mineral tars, the oily petroleums, and even the light, volatile naphthas.
Bituminated	of Bituminate
Bituminating	of Bituminate
Bituminate	To treat or impregnate with bitumen; to cement with bitumen.
Bituminiferous	Producing bitumen.
Bituminization	The process of bituminizing.
Bituminized	of Bituminize
Bituminizing	of Bituminize
Bituminize	To prepare, treat, impregnate, or coat with bitumen.
Bituminous	Having the qualities of bitumen; compounded with bitumen; containing bitumen.
Biuret	A white, crystalline, nitrogenous substance, C2O2N3H5, formed by heating urea. It is intermediate between urea and cyanuric acid.
Bivalency	The quality of being bivalent.
Bivalent	Equivalent in combining or displacing power to two atoms of hydrogen; dyad.
Bivalve	A mollusk having a shell consisting of two lateral plates or valves joined together by an elastic ligament at the hinge, which is usually strengthened by prominences called teeth. The shell is closed by the contraction of two transverse muscles attached to the inner surface, as in the clam, -- or by one, as in the oyster. See Mollusca.
Bivalve	A pericarp in which the seed case opens or splits into two parts or valves.
Bivalve	Having two shells or valves which open and shut, as the oyster and certain seed vessels.
Bivalved	Having two valves, as the oyster and some seed pods; bivalve.
Bivalvous	Bivalvular.
Bivalvular	Having two valves.
Bivaulted	Having two vaults or arches.
Bivector	A term made up of the two parts / + /1 /-1, where / and /1  are vectors.
Biventral	Having two bellies or protuberances; as, a biventral, or digastric, muscle, or the biventral lobe of the cerebellum.
Bivial	Of or relating to the bivium.
Bivious	Having, or leading, two ways.
Bivium	One side of an echinoderm, including a pair of ambulacra, in distinction from the opposite side (trivium), which includes three ambulacra.
Bivouac	The watch of a whole army by night, when in danger of surprise or attack.
Bivouac	An encampment for the night without tents or covering.
Bivouacked	of Bivouac
Bivouacking	of Bivouac
Bivouac	To watch at night or be on guard, as a whole army.
Bivouac	To encamp for the night without tents or covering.
Biweekly	Occurring or appearing once every two weeks; fortnightly.
Biweekly	A publication issued every two weeks.
Biwreye	To bewray; to reveal.
Bizantine	See Byzantine.
Bizarre	Odd in manner or appearance; fantastic; whimsical; extravagant; grotesque.
Bizet	The upper faceted portion of a brilliant-cut diamond, which projects from the setting and occupies the zone between the girdle and the table. See Brilliant, n.
Blabbed	of Blab
Blabbing	of Blab
Blab	To utter or tell unnecessarily, or in a thoughtless manner; to publish (secrets or trifles) without reserve or discretion.
Blab	To talk thoughtlessly or without discretion; to tattle; to tell tales.
Blab	One who blabs; a babbler; a telltale.
Blabber	A tattler; a telltale.
Black	Destitute of light, or incapable of reflecting it; of the color of soot or coal; of the darkest or a very dark color, the opposite of white; characterized by such a color; as, black cloth; black hair or eyes.
Black	In a less literal sense: Enveloped or shrouded in darkness; very dark or gloomy; as, a black night; the heavens black with clouds.
Black	Fig.: Dismal, gloomy, or forbidding, like darkness; destitute of moral light or goodness; atrociously wicked; cruel; mournful; calamitous; horrible.
Black	Expressing menace, or discontent; threatening; sullen; foreboding; as, to regard one with black looks.
Black	Sullenly; threateningly; maliciously; so as to produce blackness.
Black	That which is destitute of light or whiteness; the darkest color, or rather a destitution of all color; as, a cloth has a good black.
Black	A black pigment or dye.
Black	A negro; a person whose skin is of a black color, or shaded with black; esp. a member or descendant of certain African races.
Black	A black garment or dress; as, she wears black
Black	Mourning garments of a black color; funereal drapery.
Black	The part of a thing which is distinguished from the rest by being black.
Black	A stain; a spot; a smooch.
Blacked	of Black
Blacking	of Black
Black	To make black; to blacken; to soil; to sully.
Black	To make black and shining, as boots or a stove, by applying blacking and then polishing with a brush.
Blackamoor	A negro or negress.
Black art	The art practiced by conjurers and witches; necromancy; conjuration; magic.
Black-a-vised	Dark-visaged; swart.
Blackball	A composition for blacking shoes, boots, etc.; also, one for taking impressions of engraved work.
Blackball	A ball of black color, esp. one used as a negative in voting; -- in this sense usually two words.
Blackballed	of Blackball
Blackballing	of Blackball
Blackball	To vote against, by putting a black ball into a ballot box; to reject or exclude, as by voting against with black balls; to ostracize.
Blackball	To blacken (leather, shoes, etc.) with blacking.
Blackband	An earthy carbonate of iron containing considerable carbonaceous matter; -- valuable as an iron ore.
Black bass	An edible, fresh-water fish of the United States, of the genus Micropterus. the small-mouthed kind is M. dolomiei; the large-mouthed is M. salmoides.
Black bass	The sea bass. See Blackfish, 3.
Blackberry	The fruit of several species of bramble (Rubus); also, the plant itself. Rubus fruticosus is the blackberry of England; R. villosus and R. Canadensis are the high blackberry and low blackberry of the United States. There are also other kinds.
Blackbird	In England, a species of thrush (Turdus merula), a singing bird with a fin note; the merle. In America the name is given to several birds, as the Quiscalus versicolor, or crow blackbird; the Agelaeus phoeniceus, or red-winged blackbird; the cowbird; the rusty grackle, etc. See Redwing.
Blackboard	A broad board painted black, or any black surface on which writing, drawing, or the working of mathematical problems can be done with chalk or crayons. It is much used in schools.
Black book	One of several books of a political character, published at different times and for different purposes; -- so called either from the color of the binding, or from the character of the contents.
Black book	A book compiled in the twelfth century, containing a description of the court of exchequer of England, an official statement of the revenues of the crown, etc.
Black book	A book containing details of the enormities practiced in the English monasteries and religious houses, compiled by order of their visitors under Henry VIII., to hasten their dissolution.
Black book	A book of admiralty law, of the highest authority, compiled in the reign of Edw. III.
Black book	A book kept for the purpose of registering the names of persons liable to censure or punishment, as in the English universities, or the English armies.
Black book	Any book which treats of necromancy.
Black-browed	Having black eyebrows. Hence: Gloomy; dismal; threatening; forbidding.
Blackburnian warbler	A beautiful warbler of the United States (Dendroica Blackburniae). The male is strongly marked with orange, yellow, and black on the head and neck, and has an orange-yellow breast.
Blackcap	A small European song bird (Sylvia atricapilla), with a black crown; the mock nightingale.
Blackcap	An American titmouse (Parus atricapillus); the chickadee.
Blackcap	An apple roasted till black, to be served in a dish of boiled custard.
Blackcap	The black raspberry.
Blackcoat	A clergyman; -- familiarly so called, as a soldier is sometimes called a redcoat or a bluecoat.
Blackcock	The male of the European black grouse (Tetrao tetrix, Linn.); -- so called by sportsmen. The female is called gray hen. See Heath grouse.
Black death	A pestilence which ravaged Europe and Asia in the fourteenth century.
Blackened	of Blacken
Blackening	of Blacken
Blacken	To make or render black.
Blacken	To make dark; to darken; to cloud.
Blacken	To defame; to sully, as reputation; to make infamous; as, vice blackens the character.
Blacken	To grow black or dark.
Blackener	One who blackens.
Black-eyed	Having black eyes.
Black-faced	Having a black, dark, or gloomy face or aspect.
Blackfeet	A tribe of North American Indians formerly inhabiting the country from the upper Missouri River to the Saskatchewan, but now much reduced in numbers.
Blackfin	See Bluefin.
Blackfish	A small kind of whale, of the genus Globicephalus, of several species. The most common is G. melas. Also sometimes applied to other whales of larger size.
Blackfish	The tautog of New England (Tautoga).
Blackfish	The black sea bass (Centropristis atrarius) of the Atlantic coast. It is excellent food fish; -- locally called also black Harry.
Blackfish	A fish of southern Europe (Centrolophus pompilus) of the Mackerel family.
Blackfish	The female salmon in the spawning season.
Blackfoot	Of or pertaining to the Blackfeet; as, a Blackfoot Indian.
Blackfoot	A Blackfoot Indian.
Black friar	A friar of the Dominican order; -- called also predicant and preaching friar; in France, Jacobin. Also, sometimes, a Benedictine.
Blackguard	The scullions and lower menials of a court, or of a nobleman's household, who, in a removal from one residence to another, had charge of the kitchen utensils, and being smutted by them, were jocularly called the "black guard"; also, the servants and hangers-on of an army.
Blackguard	The criminals and vagrants or vagabonds of a town or community, collectively.
Blackguard	A person of stained or low character, esp. one who uses scurrilous language, or treats others with foul abuse; a scoundrel; a rough.
Blackguard	A vagrant; a bootblack; a gamin.
Blackguarded	of Blackguard
Blackguarding	of Blackguard
Blackguard	To revile or abuse in scurrilous language.
Blackguard	Scurrilous; abusive; low; worthless; vicious; as, blackguard language.
Blackguardism	The conduct or language of a blackguard; ruffianism.
Blackguardly	In the manner of or resembling a blackguard; abusive; scurrilous; ruffianly.
Blackhead	The scaup duck.
Blackheart	A heart-shaped cherry with a very dark-colored skin.
Black-hearted	Having a wicked, malignant disposition; morally bad.
Black hole	A dungeon or dark cell in a prison; a military lock-up or guardroom; -- now commonly with allusion to the cell (the Black Hole) in a fort at Calcutta, into which 146 English prisoners were thrust by the nabob Suraja Dowla on the night of June 20, 17656, and in which 123 of the prisoners died before morning from lack of air.
Blacking	Any preparation for making things black; esp. one for giving a black luster to boots and shoes, or to stoves.
Blacking	The act or process of making black.
Blackish	Somewhat black.
Black-jack	A name given by English miners to sphalerite, or zinc blende; -- called also false galena. See Blende.
Black-jack	Caramel or burnt sugar, used to color wines, spirits, ground coffee, etc.
Black-jack	A large leather vessel for beer, etc.
Black-jack	The Quercus nigra, or barren oak.
Black-jack	The ensign of a pirate.
Black lead	Plumbago; graphite. It leaves a blackish mark somewhat like lead. See Graphite.
Blacklead	To coat or to polish with black lead.
Blackleg	A notorious gambler.
Blackleg	A disease among calves and sheep, characterized by a settling of gelatinous matter in the legs, and sometimes in the neck.
Black letter	The old English or Gothic letter, in which the Early English manuscripts were written, and the first English books were printed. It was conspicuous for its blackness. See Type.
Black-letter	Written or printed in black letter; as, a black-letter manuscript or book.
Black-letter	Given to the study of books in black letter; that is, of old books; out of date.
Black-letter	Of or pertaining to the days in the calendar not marked with red letters as saints' days. Hence: Unlucky; inauspicious.
Blacklist	To put in a black list as deserving of suspicion, censure, or punishment; esp. to put in a list of persons stigmatized as insolvent or untrustworthy, -- as tradesmen and employers do for mutual protection; as, to blacklist a workman who has been discharged. See Black list, under Black, a.
Blackly	In a black manner; darkly, in color; gloomily; threateningly; atrociously.
Blackmail	A certain rate of money, corn, cattle, or other thing, anciently paid, in the north of England and south of Scotland, to certain men who were allied to robbers, or moss troopers, to be by them protected from pillage.
Blackmail	Payment of money exacted by means of intimidation; also, extortion of money from a person by threats of public accusation, exposure, or censure.
Blackmail	Black rent, or rent paid in corn, flesh, or the lowest coin, a opposed to "white rent", which paid in silver.
Blackmailed	of Blackmail
Blackmailing	of Blackmail
Blackmail	To extort money from by exciting fears of injury other than bodily harm, as injury to reputation, distress of mind, etc.; as, to blackmail a merchant by threatening to expose an alleged fraud.
Blackmailer	One who extorts, or endeavors to extort, money, by black mailing.
Blackmailing	The act or practice of extorting money by exciting fears of injury other than bodily harm, as injury to reputation.
Black Monday	Easter Monday, so called from the severity of that day in 1360, which was so unusual that many of Edward III.'s soldiers, then before Paris, died from the cold.
Black Monday	The first Monday after the holidays; -- so called by English schoolboys.
Black monk	A Benedictine monk.
Blackmoor	See Blackamoor.
Black-mouthed	Using foul or scurrilous language; slanderous.
Blackness	The quality or state of being black; black color; atrociousness or enormity in wickedness.
Blackpoll	A warbler of the United States (Dendroica striata).
Black pudding	A kind of sausage made of blood, suet, etc., thickened with meal.
Black Rod	the usher to the Chapter of the Garter, so called from the black rod which he carries. He is of the king's chamber, and also usher to the House of Lords.
Black Rod	An usher in the legislature of British colonies.
Blackroot	See Colicroot.
Blacks	The name of a kind of in used in copperplate printing, prepared from the charred husks of the grape, and residue of the wine press.
Blacks	Soot flying in the air.
Blacks	Black garments, etc. See Black, n., 4.
Blacksalter	One who makes crude potash, or black salts.
Black salts	Crude potash.
Blacksmith	A smith who works in iron with a forge, and makes iron utensils, horseshoes, etc.
Blacksmith	A fish of the Pacific coast (Chromis, / Heliastes, punctipinnis), of a blackish color.
Black snake	Alt. of Blacksnake
Blacksnake	A snake of a black color, of which two species are common in the United States, the Bascanium constrictor, or racer, sometimes six feet long, and the Scotophis Alleghaniensis, seven or eight feet long.
Blackstrap	A mixture of spirituous liquor (usually rum) and molasses.
Blackstrap	Bad port wine; any common wine of the Mediterranean; -- so called by sailors.
Blacktail	A fish; the ruff or pope.
Blacktail	The black-tailed deer (Cervus / Cariacus Columbianus) of California and Oregon; also, the mule deer of the Rocky Mountains. See Mule deer.
Blackthorn	A spreading thorny shrub or small tree (Prunus spinosa), with blackish bark, and bearing little black plums, which are called sloes; the sloe.
Blackthorn	A species of Crataegus or hawthorn (C. tomentosa). Both are used for hedges.
Black vomit	A copious vomiting of dark-colored matter; or the substance so discharged; -- one of the most fatal symptoms in yellow fever.
Black wash	Alt. of Blackwash
Blackwash	A lotion made by mixing calomel and lime water.
Blackwash	A wash that blackens, as opposed to whitewash; hence, figuratively, calumny.
Blackwood	A name given to several dark-colored timbers. The East Indian black wood is from the tree Dalbergia latifolia.
Blackwork	Work wrought by blacksmiths; -- so called in distinction from that wrought by whitesmiths.
Bladder	A bag or sac in animals, which serves as the receptacle of some fluid; as, the urinary bladder; the gall bladder; -- applied especially to the urinary bladder, either within the animal, or when taken out and inflated with air.
Bladder	Any vesicle or blister, especially if filled with air, or a thin, watery fluid.
Bladder	A distended, membranaceous pericarp.
Bladder	Anything inflated, empty, or unsound.
Bladdered	of Bladder
Bladdering	of Bladder
Bladder	To swell out like a bladder with air; to inflate.
Bladder	To put up in bladders; as, bladdered lard.
Bladderwort	A genus (Utricularia) of aquatic or marshy plants, which usually bear numerous vesicles in the divisions of the leaves. These serve as traps for minute animals. See Ascidium.
Bladdery	Having bladders; also, resembling a bladder.
Blade	Properly, the leaf, or flat part of the leaf, of any plant, especially of gramineous plants. The term is sometimes applied to the spire of grasses.
Blade	The cutting part of an instrument; as, the blade of a knife or a sword.
Blade	The broad part of an oar; also, one of the projecting arms of a screw propeller.
Blade	The scapula or shoulder blade.
Blade	The principal rafters of a roof.
Blade	The four large shell plates on the sides, and the five large ones of the middle, of the carapace of the sea turtle, which yield the best tortoise shell.
Blade	A sharp-witted, dashing, wild, or reckless, fellow; -- a word of somewhat indefinite meaning.
Blade	To furnish with a blade.
Blade	To put forth or have a blade.
Bladebone	The scapula. See Blade, 4.
Bladed	Having a blade or blades; as, a two-bladed knife.
Bladed	Divested of blades; as, bladed corn.
Bladed	Composed of long and narrow plates, shaped like the blade of a knife.
Bladefish	A long, thin, marine fish of Europe (Trichiurus lepturus); the ribbon fish.
Bladesmith	A sword cutler.
Blady	Consisting of blades.
Blae	Dark blue or bluish gray; lead-colored.
Blaeberry	The bilberry.
Blague	Mendacious boasting; falsehood; humbug.
Blain	An inflammatory swelling or sore; a bulla, pustule, or blister.
Blain	A bladder growing on the root of the tongue of a horse, against the windpipe, and stopping the breath.
Blamable	Deserving of censure; faulty; culpable; reprehensible; censurable; blameworthy.
Blamed	of Blame
Blaming	of Blame
Blame	To censure; to express disapprobation of; to find fault with; to reproach.
Blame	To bring reproach upon; to blemish.
Blame	An expression of disapprobation fir something deemed to be wrong; imputation of fault; censure.
Blame	That which is deserving of censure or disapprobation; culpability; fault; crime; sin.
Blame	Hurt; injury.
Blameful	Faulty; meriting blame.
Blameful	Attributing blame or fault; implying or conveying censure; faultfinding; censorious.
Blameless	Free from blame; without fault; innocent; guiltless; -- sometimes followed by of.
Blamelessly	In a blameless manner.
Blamelessness	The quality or state of being blameless; innocence.
Blamer	One who blames.
Blameworthy	Deserving blame; culpable; reprehensible.
Blancard	A kind of linen cloth made in Normandy, the thread of which is partly blanches before it is woven.
Blanched	of Blanch
Blanching	of Blanch
Blanch	To take the color out of, and make white; to bleach; as, to blanch linen; age has blanched his hair.
Blanch	To bleach by excluding the light, as the stalks or leaves of plants, by earthing them up or tying them together.
Blanch	To make white by removing the skin of, as by scalding; as, to blanch almonds.
Blanch	To whiten, as the surface of meat, by plunging into boiling water and afterwards into cold, so as to harden the surface and retain the juices.
Blanch	To give a white luster to (silver, before stamping, in the process of coining.).
Blanch	To cover (sheet iron) with a coating of tin.
Blanch	Fig.: To whiten; to give a favorable appearance to; to whitewash; to palliate.
Blanch	To grow or become white; as, his cheek blanched with fear; the rose blanches in the sun.
Blanch	To avoid, as from fear; to evade; to leave unnoticed.
Blanch	To cause to turn aside or back; as, to blanch a deer.
Blanch	To use evasion.
Blanch	Ore, not in masses, but mixed with other minerals.
Blancher	One who, or that which, blanches or whitens; esp., one who anneals and cleanses money; also, a chemical preparation for this purpose.
Blancher	One who, or that which, frightens away or turns aside.
Blanch holding	A mode of tenure by the payment of a small duty in white rent (silver) or otherwise.
Blanchimeter	An instrument for measuring the bleaching power of chloride of lime and potash; a chlorometer.
Blancmange	A preparation for desserts, etc., made from isinglass, sea moss, cornstarch, or other gelatinous or starchy substance, with mild, usually sweetened and flavored, and shaped in a mold.
Blancmanger	A sort of fricassee with white sauce, variously made of capon, fish, etc.
Bland	Mild; soft; gentle; smooth and soothing in manner; suave; as, a bland temper; bland persuasion; a bland sycophant.
Bland	Having soft and soothing qualities; not drastic or irritating; not stimulating; as, a bland oil; a bland diet.
Blandation	Flattery.
Blandiloquence	Mild, flattering speech.
Blandiloquous	Alt. of Blandiloquious
Blandiloquious	Fair-spoken; flattering.
Blandise	To blandish any one.
Blandished	of Blandish
Blandishing	of Blandish
Blandish	To flatter with kind words or affectionate actions; to caress; to cajole.
Blandish	To make agreeable and enticing.
Blandisher	One who uses blandishments.
Blandishment	The act of blandishing; a word or act expressive of affection or kindness, and tending to win the heart; soft words and artful caresses; cajolery; allurement.
Blandly	In a bland manner; mildly; suavely.
Blandness	The state or quality of being bland.
Blank	Of a white or pale color; without color.
Blank	Free from writing, printing, or marks; having an empty space to be filled in with some special writing; -- said of checks, official documents, etc.; as, blank paper; a blank check; a blank ballot.
Blank	Utterly confounded or discomfited.
Blank	Empty; void; without result; fruitless; as, a blank space; a blank day.
Blank	Lacking characteristics which give variety; as, a blank desert; a blank wall; destitute of interests, affections, hopes, etc.; as, to live a blank existence; destitute of sensations; as, blank unconsciousness.
Blank	Lacking animation and intelligence, or their associated characteristics, as expression of face, look, etc.; expressionless; vacant.
Blank	Absolute; downright; unmixed; as, blank terror.
Blank	Any void space; a void space on paper, or in any written instrument; an interval void of consciousness, action, result, etc; a void.
Blank	A lot by which nothing is gained; a ticket in a lottery on which no prize is indicated.
Blank	A paper unwritten; a paper without marks or characters a blank ballot; -- especially, a paper on which are to be inserted designated items of information, for which spaces are left vacant; a bland form.
Blank	A paper containing the substance of a legal instrument, as a deed, release, writ, or execution, with spaces left to be filled with names, date, descriptions, etc.
Blank	The point aimed at in a target, marked with a white spot; hence, the object to which anything is directed.
Blank	Aim; shot; range.
Blank	A kind of base silver money, first coined in England by Henry V., and worth about 8 pence; also, a French coin of the seventeenth century, worth about 4 pence.
Blank	A piece of metal prepared to be made into something by a further operation, as a coin, screw, nuts.
Blank	A piece or division of a piece, without spots; as, the "double blank"; the "six blank."
Blanked	of Blank
Blanking	of Blank
Blank	To make void; to annul.
Blank	To blanch; to make blank; to damp the spirits of; to dispirit or confuse.
Blanket	A heavy, loosely woven fabric, usually of wool, and having a nap, used in bed clothing; also, a similar fabric used as a robe; or any fabric used as a cover for a horse.
Blanket	A piece of rubber, felt, or woolen cloth, used in the tympan to make it soft and elastic.
Blanket	A streak or layer of blubber in whales.
Blanketed	of Blanket
Blanketing	of Blanket
Blanket	To cover with a blanket.
Blanket	To toss in a blanket by way of punishment.
Blanket	To take the wind out of the sails of (another vessel) by sailing to windward of her.
Blanketing	Cloth for blankets.
Blanketing	The act or punishment of tossing in a blanket.
Blankly	In a blank manner; without expression; vacuously; as, to stare blankly.
Blankly	Directly; flatly; point blank.
Blankness	The state of being blank.
Blanquette	A white fricassee.
Blanquillo	A large fish of Florida and the W. Indies (Caulolatilus chrysops). It is red, marked with yellow.
Blared	of Blare
Blaring	of Blare
Blare	To sound loudly and somewhat harshly.
Blare	To cause to sound like the blare of a trumpet; to proclaim loudly.
Blare	The harsh noise of a trumpet; a loud and somewhat harsh noise, like the blast of a trumpet; a roar or bellowing.
Blarney	Smooth, wheedling talk; flattery.
Blarneyed	of Blarney
Blarneying	of Blarney
Blarney	To influence by blarney; to wheedle with smooth talk; to make or accomplish by blarney.
Blase	Having the sensibilities deadened by excess or frequency of enjoyment; sated or surfeited with pleasure; used up.
Blasphemed	of Blaspheme
Blaspheming	of Blaspheme
Blaspheme	To speak of, or address, with impious irreverence; to revile impiously (anything sacred); as, to blaspheme the Holy Spirit.
Blaspheme	Figuratively, of persons and things not religiously sacred, but held in high honor: To calumniate; to revile; to abuse.
Blaspheme	To utter blasphemy.
Blasphemer	One who blasphemes.
Blasphemous	Speaking or writing blasphemy; uttering or exhibiting anything impiously irreverent; profane; as, a blasphemous person; containing blasphemy; as, a blasphemous book; a blasphemous caricature.
Blasphemously	In a blasphemous manner.
Blasphemy	An indignity offered to God in words, writing, or signs; impiously irreverent words or signs addressed to, or used in reference to, God; speaking evil of God; also, the act of claiming the attributes or prerogatives of deity.
Blasphemy	Figuratively, of things held in high honor: Calumny; abuse; vilification.
-blast	A suffix or terminal formative, used principally in biological terms, and signifying growth, formation; as, bioblast, epiblast, mesoblast, etc.
Blast	A violent gust of wind.
Blast	A forcible stream of air from an orifice, as from a bellows, the mouth, etc. Hence: The continuous blowing to which one charge of ore or metal is subjected in a furnace; as, to melt so many tons of iron at a blast.
Blast	The exhaust steam from and engine, driving a column of air out of a boiler chimney, and thus creating an intense draught through the fire; also, any draught produced by the blast.
Blast	The sound made by blowing a wind instrument; strictly, the sound produces at one breath.
Blast	A sudden, pernicious effect, as if by a noxious wind, especially on animals and plants; a blight.
Blast	The act of rending, or attempting to rend, heavy masses of rock, earth, etc., by the explosion of gunpowder, dynamite, etc.; also, the charge used for this purpose.
Blast	A flatulent disease of sheep.
Blasted	of Blast
Blasting	of Blast
Blast	To injure, as by a noxious wind; to cause to wither; to stop or check the growth of, and prevent from fruit-bearing, by some pernicious influence; to blight; to shrivel.
Blast	Hence, to affect with some sudden violence, plague, calamity, or blighting influence, which destroys or causes to fail; to visit with a curse; to curse; to ruin; as, to blast pride, hopes, or character.
Blast	To confound by a loud blast or din.
Blast	To rend open by any explosive agent, as gunpowder, dynamite, etc.; to shatter; as, to blast rocks.
Blast	To be blighted or withered; as, the bud blasted in the blossom.
Blast	To blow; to blow on a trumpet.
Blasted	Blighted; withered.
Blasted	Confounded; accursed; detestable.
Blasted	Rent open by an explosive.
Blastemata	of Blastema
Blastema	The structureless, protoplasmic tissue of the embryo; the primitive basis of an organ yet unformed, from which it grows.
Blastemal	Relating to the blastema; rudimentary.
Blastematic	Connected with, or proceeding from, the blastema; blastemal.
Blaster	One who, or that which, blasts or destroys.
Blastide	A small, clear space in the segments of the ovum, the precursor of the nucleus.
Blasting	A blast; destruction by a blast, or by some pernicious cause.
Blasting	The act or process of one who, or that which, blasts; the business of one who blasts.
Blastment	A sudden stroke or injury produced by some destructive cause.
Blastocarpous	Germinating inside the pericarp, as the mangrove.
Blastocoele	The cavity of the blastosphere, or segmentation cavity.
Blastocyst	The germinal vesicle.
Blastoderm	The germinal membrane in an ovum, from which the embryo is developed.
Blastodermatic	Alt. of Blastodermic
Blastodermic	Of or pertaining to the blastoderm.
Blastogenesis	Multiplication or increase by gemmation or budding.
Blastoid	One of the Blastoidea.
Blastoidea	One of the divisions of Crinoidea found fossil in paleozoic rocks; pentremites. They are so named on account of their budlike form.
Blastomere	One of the segments first formed by the division of the ovum.
Blastophoral	Alt. of Blastophoric
Blastophoric	Relating to the blastophore.
Blastophore	That portion of the spermatospore which is not converted into spermatoblasts, but carries them.
Blastopore	The pore or opening leading into the cavity of invagination, or archenteron.
Blastosphere	The hollow globe or sphere formed by the arrangement of the blastomeres on the periphery of an impregnated ovum.
Blastostyle	In certain hydroids, an imperfect zooid, whose special function is to produce medusoid buds. See Hydroidea, and Athecata.
Blast pipe	The exhaust pipe of a steam engine, or any pipe delivering steam or air, when so constructed as to cause a blast.
Blastula	That stage in the development of the ovum in which the outer cells of the morula become more defined and form the blastoderm.
Blastule	Same as Blastula.
Blasty	Affected by blasts; gusty.
Blasty	Causing blast or injury.
Blat	To cry, as a calf or sheep; to bleat; to make a senseless noise; to talk inconsiderately.
Blat	To utter inconsiderately.
Blatancy	Blatant quality.
Blatant	Bellowing, as a calf; bawling; brawling; clamoring; disagreeably clamorous; sounding loudly and harshly.
Blatantly	In a blatant manner.
Blatherskite	A blustering, talkative fellow.
Blattered	of Blatter
Blatter	To prate; to babble; to rail; to make a senseless noise; to patter.
Blatteration	Blattering.
Blatterer	One who blatters; a babbler; a noisy, blustering boaster.
Blattering	Senseless babble or boasting.
Blatteroon	A senseless babbler or boaster.
Blaubok	The blue buck. See Blue buck, under Blue.
Blay	A fish. See Bleak, n.
Blaze	A stream of gas or vapor emitting light and heat in the process of combustion; a bright flame.
Blaze	Intense, direct light accompanied with heat; as, to seek shelter from the blaze of the sun.
Blaze	A bursting out, or active display of any quality; an outburst; a brilliant display.
Blaze	A white spot on the forehead of a horse.
Blaze	A spot made on trees by chipping off a piece of the bark, usually as a surveyor's mark.
Blazed	of Blaze
Blazing	of Blaze
Blaze	To shine with flame; to glow with flame; as, the fire blazes.
Blaze	To send forth or reflect glowing or brilliant light; to show a blaze.
Blaze	To be resplendent.
Blaze	To mark (a tree) by chipping off a piece of the bark.
Blaze	To designate by blazing; to mark out, as by blazed trees; as, to blaze a line or path.
Blaze	To make public far and wide; to make known; to render conspicuous.
Blaze	To blazon.
Blazer	One who spreads reports or blazes matters abroad.
Blazing	Burning with a blaze; as, a blazing fire; blazing torches.
Blazon	A shield.
Blazon	An heraldic shield; a coat of arms, or a bearing on a coat of arms; armorial bearings.
Blazon	The art or act of describing or depicting heraldic bearings in the proper language or manner.
Blazon	Ostentatious display, either by words or other means; publication; show; description; record.
Blazoned	of Blazon
Blazoning	of Blazon
Blazon	To depict in colors; to display; to exhibit conspicuously; to publish or make public far and wide.
Blazon	To deck; to embellish; to adorn.
Blazon	To describe in proper terms (the figures of heraldic devices); also, to delineate (armorial bearings); to emblazon.
Blazon	To shine; to be conspicuous.
Blazoner	One who gives publicity, proclaims, or blazons; esp., one who blazons coats of arms; a herald.
Blazonment	The act of blazoning; blazoning; emblazonment.
Blazonry	Same as Blazon, 3.
Blazonry	A coat of arms; an armorial bearing or bearings.
Blazonry	Artistic representation or display.
Blea	The part of a tree which lies immediately under the bark; the alburnum or sapwood.
Bleaberry	See Blaeberry.
Bleached	of Bleach
Bleaching	of Bleach
Bleach	To make white, or whiter; to remove the color, or stains, from; to blanch; to whiten.
Bleach	To grow white or lose color; to whiten.
Bleached	Whitened; make white.
Bleacher	One who whitens, or whose occupation is to whiten, by bleaching.
Bleacheries	of Bleachery
Bleachery	A place or an establishment where bleaching is done.
Bleaching	The act or process of whitening, by removing color or stains; esp. the process of whitening fabrics by chemical agents.
Bleak	Without color; pale; pallid.
Bleak	Desolate and exposed; swept by cold winds.
Bleak	Cold and cutting; cheerless; as, a bleak blast.
Bleak	A small European river fish (Leuciscus alburnus), of the family Cyprinidae; the blay.
Bleaky	Bleak.
Blear	Dim or sore with water or rheum; -- said of the eyes.
Blear	Causing or caused by dimness of sight; dim.
Bleared	of Blear
Blearing	of Blear
Blear	To make somewhat sore or watery, as the eyes; to dim, or blur, as the sight. Figuratively: To obscure (mental or moral perception); to blind; to hoodwink.
Bleared	Dimmed, as by a watery humor; affected with rheum.
Bleareye	A disease of the eyelids, consisting in chronic inflammation of the margins, with a gummy secretion of sebaceous matter.
Blear-eyed	Having sore eyes; having the eyes dim with rheum; dim-sighted.
Blear-eyed	Lacking in perception or penetration; short-sighted; as, a blear-eyed bigot.
Bleareyedness	The state of being blear-eyed.
Bleary	Somewhat blear.
Bleated	of Bleat
Bleating	of Bleat
Bleat	To make the noise of, or one like that of, a sheep; to cry like a sheep or calf.
Bleat	A plaintive cry of, or like that of, a sheep.
Bleater	One who bleats; a sheep.
Bleating	Crying as a sheep does.
Bleating	The cry of, or as of, a sheep.
Bleb	A large vesicle or bulla, usually containing a serous fluid; a blister; a bubble, as in water, glass, etc.
Blebby	Containing blebs, or characterized by blebs; as, blebby glass.
Bleck	Alt. of Blek
Blek	To blacken; also, to defile.
Bled	imp. & p. p. of Bleed.
Blee	Complexion; color; hue; likeness; form.
Bled	of Bleed
Bleeding	of Bleed
Bleed	To emit blood; to lose blood; to run with blood, by whatever means; as, the arm bleeds; the wound bled freely; to bleed at the nose.
Bleed	To withdraw blood from the body; to let blood; as, Dr. A. bleeds in fevers.
Bleed	To lose or shed one's blood, as in case of a violent death or severe wounds; to die by violence.
Bleed	To issue forth, or drop, as blood from an incision.
Bleed	To lose sap, gum, or juice; as, a tree or a vine bleeds when tapped or wounded.
Bleed	To pay or lose money; to have money drawn or extorted; as, to bleed freely for a cause.
Bleed	To let blood from; to take or draw blood from, as by opening a vein.
Bleed	To lose, as blood; to emit or let drop, as sap.
Bleed	To draw money from (one); to induce to pay; as, they bled him freely for this fund.
Bleeder	One who, or that which, draws blood.
Bleeder	One in whom slight wounds give rise to profuse or uncontrollable bleeding.
Bleeding	Emitting, or appearing to emit, blood or sap, etc.; also, expressing anguish or compassion.
Bleeding	A running or issuing of blood, as from the nose or a wound; a hemorrhage; the operation of letting blood, as in surgery; a drawing or running of sap from a tree or plant.
Blemished	of Blemish
Blemishing	of Blemish
Blemish	To mark with deformity; to injure or impair, as anything which is well formed, or excellent; to mar, or make defective, either the body or mind.
Blemish	To tarnish, as reputation or character; to defame.
Blemishes	of Blemish
Blemish	Any mark of deformity or injury, whether physical or moral; anything that diminishes beauty, or renders imperfect that which is otherwise well formed; that which impairs reputation.
Blemishless	Without blemish; spotless.
Blemishment	The state of being blemished; blemish; disgrace; damage; impairment.
Blenched	of Blench
Blenching	of Blench
Blench	To shrink; to start back; to draw back, from lack of courage or resolution; to flinch; to quail.
Blench	To fly off; to turn aside.
Blench	To baffle; to disconcert; to turn away; -- also, to obstruct; to hinder.
Blench	To draw back from; to deny from fear.
Blench	A looking aside or askance.
Blench	To grow or make pale.
Blencher	One who, or that which, scares another; specifically, a person stationed to prevent the escape of the deer, at a hunt. See Blancher.
Blencher	One who blenches, flinches, or shrinks back.
Blench holding	See Blanch holding.
Blended	of Blend
Blent	of Blend
Blending	of Blend
Blend	To mix or mingle together; esp. to mingle, combine, or associate so that the separate things mixed, or the line of demarcation, can not be distinguished. Hence: To confuse; to confound.
Blend	To pollute by mixture or association; to spoil or corrupt; to blot; to stain.
Blend	To mingle; to mix; to unite intimately; to pass or shade insensibly into each other, as colors.
Blend	A thorough mixture of one thing with another, as color, tint, etc., into another, so that it cannot be known where one ends or the other begins.
Blend	To make blind, literally or figuratively; to dazzle; to deceive.
Blende	A mineral, called also sphalerite, and by miners mock lead, false galena, and black-jack. It is a zinc sulphide, but often contains some iron. Its color is usually yellow, brown, or black, and its luster resinous.
Blende	A general term for some minerals, chiefly metallic sulphides which have a somewhat brilliant but nonmetallic luster.
Blender	One who, or that which, blends; an instrument, as a brush, used in blending.
Blending	The act of mingling.
Blending	The method of laying on different tints so that they may mingle together while wet, and shade into each other insensibly.
Blendous	Pertaining to, consisting of, or containing, blende.
Blendwater	A distemper incident to cattle, in which their livers are affected.
Blenheim spaniel	A small variety of spaniel, kept as a pet.
Blenk	To blink; to shine; to look.
Blennioid	Alt. of Blenniid
Blenniid	Of, pertaining to, or resembling, the blennies.
Blennogenous	Generating mucus.
Blennorrhea	An inordinate secretion and discharge of mucus.
Blennorrhea	Gonorrhea.
Blennies	of Blenny
Blenny	A marine fish of the genus Blennius or family Blenniidae; -- so called from its coating of mucus. The species are numerous.
Blent	Mingled; mixed; blended; also, polluted; stained.
Blent	Blinded.  Also (Chaucer), 3d sing. pres. Blindeth.
Blesbok	A South African antelope (Alcelaphus albifrons), having a large white spot on the forehead.
Blessed	of Bless
Blest	of Bless
Blessing	of Bless
Bless	To make or pronounce holy; to consecrate
Bless	To make happy, blithesome, or joyous; to confer prosperity or happiness upon; to grant divine favor to.
Bless	To express a wish or prayer for the happiness of; to invoke a blessing upon; -- applied to persons.
Bless	To invoke or confer beneficial attributes or qualities upon; to invoke or confer a blessing on, -- as on food.
Bless	To make the sign of the cross upon; to cross (one's self).
Bless	To guard; to keep; to protect.
Bless	To praise, or glorify; to extol for excellences.
Bless	To esteem or account happy; to felicitate.
Bless	To wave; to brandish.
Blessed	Hallowed; consecrated; worthy of blessing or adoration; heavenly; holy.
Blessed	Enjoying happiness or bliss; favored with blessings; happy; highly favored.
Blessed	Imparting happiness or bliss; fraught with happiness; blissful; joyful.
Blessed	Enjoying, or pertaining to, spiritual happiness, or heavenly felicity; as, the blessed in heaven.
Blessed	Beatified.
Blessed	Used euphemistically, ironically, or intensively.
Blessedly	Happily; fortunately; joyfully.
Blessedness	The state of being blessed; happiness; felicity; bliss; heavenly joys; the favor of God.
Blessed thistle	See under Thistle.
Blesser	One who blesses; one who bestows or invokes a blessing.
Blessing	The act of one who blesses.
Blessing	A declaration of divine favor, or an invocation imploring divine favor on some or something; a benediction; a wish of happiness pronounces.
Blessing	A means of happiness; that which promotes prosperity and welfare; a beneficent gift.
Blessing	A gift.
Blessing	Grateful praise or worship.
Blest	Blessed.
Blet	A form of decay in fruit which is overripe.
Bletonism	The supposed faculty of perceiving subterraneous springs and currents by sensation; -- so called from one Bleton, of France.
Bletting	A form of decay seen in fleshy, overripe fruit.
Blew	imp. of Blow.
Bleyme	An inflammation in the foot of a horse, between the sole and the bone.
Bleynte	imp. of Blench.
Blickey	A tin dinner pail.
Blighted	of Blight
Blighting	of Blight
Blight	To affect with blight; to blast; to prevent the growth and fertility of.
Blight	Hence: To destroy the happiness of; to ruin; to mar essentially; to frustrate; as, to blight one's prospects.
Blight	To be affected by blight; to blast; as, this vine never blights.
Blight	Mildew; decay; anything nipping or blasting; -- applied as a general name to various injuries or diseases of plants, causing the whole or a part to wither, whether occasioned by insects, fungi, or atmospheric influences.
Blight	The act of blighting, or the state of being blighted; a withering or mildewing, or a stoppage of growth in the whole or a part of a plant, etc.
Blight	That which frustrates one's plans or withers one's hopes; that which impairs or destroys.
Blight	A downy species of aphis, or plant louse, destructive to fruit trees, infesting both the roots and branches; -- also applied to several other injurious insects.
Blight	A rashlike eruption on the human skin.
Blighting	Causing blight.
Blightingly	So as to cause blight.
Blimbi	Alt. of Blimbing
Blimbing	See Bilimbi, etc.
Blin	To stop; to cease; to desist.
Blin	Cessation; end.
Blind	Destitute of the sense of seeing, either by natural defect or by deprivation; without sight.
Blind	Not having the faculty of discernment; destitute of intellectual light; unable or unwilling to understand or judge; as, authors are blind to their own defects.
Blind	Undiscerning; undiscriminating; inconsiderate.
Blind	Having such a state or condition as a thing would have to a person who is blind; not well marked or easily discernible; hidden; unseen; concealed; as, a blind path; a blind ditch.
Blind	Involved; intricate; not easily followed or traced.
Blind	Having no openings for light or passage; as, a blind wall; open only at one end; as, a blind alley; a blind gut.
Blind	Unintelligible, or not easily intelligible; as, a blind passage in a book; illegible; as, blind writing.
Blind	Abortive; failing to produce flowers or fruit; as, blind buds; blind flowers.
Blinded	of Blind
Blinding	of Blind
Blind	To make blind; to deprive of sight or discernment.
Blind	To deprive partially of vision; to make vision difficult for and painful to; to dazzle.
Blind	To darken; to obscure to the eye or understanding; to conceal; to deceive.
Blind	To cover with a thin coating of sand and fine gravel; as a road newly paved, in order that the joints between the stones may be filled.
Blind	Something to hinder sight or keep out light; a screen; a cover; esp. a hinged screen or shutter for a window; a blinder for a horse.
Blind	Something to mislead the eye or the understanding, or to conceal some covert deed or design; a subterfuge.
Blind	A blindage. See Blindage.
Blind	A halting place.
Blind	Alt. of Blinde
Blinde	See Blende.
Blindage	A cover or protection for an advanced trench or approach, formed of fascines and earth supported by a framework.
Blinder	One who, or that which, blinds.
Blinder	One of the leather screens on a bridle, to hinder a horse from seeing objects at the side; a blinker.
Blindfish	A small fish (Amblyopsis spelaeus) destitute of eyes, found in the waters of the Mammoth Cave, in Kentucky. Related fishes from other caves take the same name.
Blindfolded	of Blindfold
Blindfolding	of Blindfold
Blindfold	To cover the eyes of, as with a bandage; to hinder from seeing.
Blindfold	Having the eyes covered; blinded; having the mental eye darkened. Hence: Heedless; reckless; as, blindfold zeal; blindfold fury.
Blinding	Making blind or as if blind; depriving of sight or of understanding; obscuring; as, blinding tears; blinding snow.
Blinding	A thin coating of sand and fine gravel over a newly paved road. See Blind, v. t., 4.
Blindly	Without sight, discernment, or understanding; without thought, investigation, knowledge, or purpose of one's own.
Blindman's buff	A play in which one person is blindfolded, and tries to catch some one of the company and tell who it is.
Blindman's holiday	The time between daylight and candle light.
Blindness	State or condition of being blind, literally or figuratively.
Blindstory	The triforium as opposed to the clearstory.
Blindworm	A small, burrowing, snakelike, limbless lizard (Anguis fragilis), with minute eyes, popularly believed to be blind; the slowworm; -- formerly a name for the adder.
Blinked	of Blink
Blinking	of Blink
Blink	To wink; to twinkle with, or as with, the eye.
Blink	To see with the eyes half shut, or indistinctly and with frequent winking, as a person with weak eyes.
Blink	To shine, esp. with intermittent light; to twinkle; to flicker; to glimmer, as a lamp.
Blink	To turn slightly sour, as beer, mild, etc.
Blink	To shut out of sight; to avoid, or purposely evade; to shirk; as, to blink the question.
Blink	To trick; to deceive.
Blink	A glimpse or glance.
Blink	Gleam; glimmer; sparkle.
Blink	The dazzling whiteness about the horizon caused by the reflection of light from fields of ice at sea; ice blink.
Blink	Boughs cast where deer are to pass, to turn or check them.
Blinkard	One who blinks with, or as with, weak eyes.
Blinkard	That which twinkles or glances, as a dim star, which appears and disappears.
Blink beer	Beer kept unbroached until it is sharp.
Blinker	One who, or that which, blinks.
Blinker	A blinder for horses; a flap of leather on a horse's bridle to prevent him from seeing objects as his side hence, whatever obstructs sight or discernment.
Blinker	A kind of goggles, used to protect the eyes form glare, etc.
Blink-eyed	Habitually winking.
Blirt	A gust of wind and rain.
Blisses	of Bliss
Bliss	Orig., blithesomeness; gladness; now, the highest degree of happiness; blessedness; exalted felicity; heavenly joy.
Blissful	Full of, characterized by, or causing, joy and felicity; happy in the highest degree.
Blissless	Destitute of bliss.
Blissom	To be lustful; to be lascivious.
Blissom	Lascivious; also, in heat; -- said of ewes.
Blister	A vesicle of the skin, containing watery matter or serum, whether occasioned by a burn or other injury, or by a vesicatory; a collection of serous fluid causing a bladderlike elevation of the cuticle.
Blister	Any elevation made by the separation of the film or skin, as on plants; or by the swelling of the substance at the surface, as on steel.
Blister	A vesicatory; a plaster of Spanish flies, or other matter, applied to raise a blister.
Blistered	of Blister
Blistering	of Blister
Blister	To be affected with a blister or blisters; to have a blister form on.
Blister	To raise a blister or blisters upon.
Blister	To give pain to, or to injure, as if by a blister.
Blistery	Full of blisters.
Blite	A genus of herbs (Blitum) with a fleshy calyx. Blitum capitatum is the strawberry blite.
Blithe	Gay; merry; sprightly; joyous; glad; cheerful; as, a blithe spirit.
Blitheful	Gay; full of gayety; joyous.
Blithely	In a blithe manner.
Blitheness	The state of being blithe.
Blithesome	Cheery; gay; merry.
Blive	Quickly; forthwith.
Blizzard	A gale of piercingly cold wind, usually accompanied with fine and blinding snow; a furious blast.
Bloated	of Bloat
Bloating	of Bloat
Bloat	To make turgid, as with water or air; to cause a swelling of the surface of, from effusion of serum in the cellular tissue, producing a morbid enlargement, often accompanied with softness.
Bloat	To inflate; to puff up; to make vain.
Bloat	To grow turgid as by effusion of liquid in the cellular tissue; to puff out; to swell.
Bloat	Bloated.
Bloat	A term of contempt for a worthless, dissipated fellow.
Bloat	To dry (herrings) in smoke. See Blote.
Bloated	Distended beyond the natural or usual size, as by the presence of water, serum, etc.; turgid; swollen; as, a bloated face. Also, puffed up with pride; pompous.
Bloatedness	The state of being bloated.
Bloater	The common herring, esp. when of large size, smoked, and half dried; -- called also bloat herring.
Blob	Something blunt and round; a small drop or lump of something viscid or thick; a drop; a bubble; a blister.
Blob	A small fresh-water fish (Uranidea Richardsoni); the miller's thumb.
Blobber	A bubble; blubber.
Blobber-lipped	Having thick lips.
Blocage	The roughest and cheapest sort of rubblework, in masonry.
Block	A piece of wood more or less bulky; a solid mass of wood, stone, etc., usually with one or more plane, or approximately plane, faces; as, a block on which a butcher chops his meat; a block by which to mount a horse; children's playing blocks, etc.
Block	The solid piece of wood on which condemned persons lay their necks when they are beheaded.
Block	The wooden mold on which hats, bonnets, etc., are shaped.
Block	The pattern or shape of a hat.
Block	A large or long building divided into separate houses or shops, or a number of houses or shops built in contact with each other so as to form one building; a row of houses or shops.
Block	A square, or portion of a city inclosed by streets, whether occupied by buildings or not.
Block	A grooved pulley or sheave incased in a frame or shell which is provided with a hook, eye, or strap, by which it may be attached to an object. It is used to change the direction of motion, as in raising a heavy object that can not be conveniently reached, and also, when two or more such sheaves are compounded, to change the rate of motion, or to exert increased force; -- used especially in the rigging of ships, and in tackles.
Block	The perch on which a bird of prey is kept.
Block	Any obstruction, or cause of obstruction; a stop; a hindrance; an obstacle; as, a block in the way.
Block	A piece of box or other wood for engravers' work.
Block	A piece of hard wood (as mahogany or cherry) on which a stereotype or electrotype plate is mounted to make it type high.
Block	A blockhead; a stupid fellow; a dolt.
Block	A section of a railroad where the block system is used. See Block system, below.
Blocked	of Block
Blocking	of Block
Block	To obstruct so as to prevent passage or progress; to prevent passage from, through, or into, by obstructing the way; -- used both of persons and things; -- often followed by up; as, to block up a road or harbor.
Block	To secure or support by means of blocks; to secure, as two boards at their angles of intersection, by pieces of wood glued to each.
Block	To shape on, or stamp with, a block; as, to block a hat.
Blockade	The shutting up of a place by troops or ships, with the purpose of preventing ingress or egress, or the reception of supplies; as, the blockade of the ports of an enemy.
Blockade	An obstruction to passage.
Blockaded	of Blockade
Blockading	of Blockade
Blockade	To shut up, as a town or fortress, by investing it with troops or vessels or war for the purpose of preventing ingress or egress, or the introduction of supplies. See note under Blockade, n.
Blockade	Hence, to shut in so as to prevent egress.
Blockade	To obstruct entrance to or egress from.
Blockader	One who blockades.
Blockader	A vessel employed in blockading.
Blockage	The act of blocking up; the state of being blocked up.
Block book	A book printed from engraved wooden blocks instead of movable types.
Blockhead	A stupid fellow; a dolt; a person deficient in understanding.
Blockheaded	Stupid; dull.
Blockheadism	That which characterizes a blockhead; stupidity.
Blockhouse	An edifice or structure of heavy timbers or logs for military defense, having its sides loopholed for musketry, and often an upper story projecting over the lower, or so placed upon it as to have its sides make an angle wit the sides of the lower story, thus enabling the defenders to fire downward, and in all directions; -- formerly much used in America and Germany.
Blockhouse	A house of squared logs.
Blocking	The act of obstructing, supporting, shaping, or stamping with a block or blocks.
Blocking	Blocks used to support (a building, etc.) temporarily.
Blocking course	The finishing course of a wall showing above a cornice.
Blockish	Like a block; deficient in understanding; stupid; dull.
Blocklike	Like a block; stupid.
Block tin	See under Tin.
Bloedite	A hydrous sulphate of magnesium and sodium.
Blomary	See Bloomery.
Bloncket	Alt. of Blonket
Blonket	Gray; bluish gray.
Blond	Alt. of Blonde
Blonde	Of a fair color; light-colored; as, blond hair; a blond complexion.
Blonde	A person of very fair complexion, with light hair and light blue eyes.
Blonde	A kind of silk lace originally of the color of raw silk, now sometimes dyed; -- called also blond lace.
Blond metal	A variety of clay ironstone, in Staffordshire, England, used for making tools.
Blondness	The state of being blond.
Blood	The fluid which circulates in the principal vascular system of animals, carrying nourishment to all parts of the body, and bringing away waste products to be excreted. See under Arterial.
Blood	Relationship by descent from a common ancestor; consanguinity; kinship.
Blood	Descent; lineage; especially, honorable birth; the highest royal lineage.
Blood	Descent from parents of recognized breed; excellence or purity of breed.
Blood	The fleshy nature of man.
Blood	The shedding of blood; the taking of life, murder; manslaughter; destruction.
Blood	A bloodthirsty or murderous disposition.
Blood	Temper of mind; disposition; state of the passions; -- as if the blood were the seat of emotions.
Blood	A man of fire or spirit; a fiery spark; a gay, showy man; a rake.
Blood	The juice of anything, especially if red.
Blooded	of Blood
Blooding	of Blood
Blood	To bleed.
Blood	To stain, smear or wet, with blood.
Blood	To give (hounds or soldiers) a first taste or sight of blood, as in hunting or war.
Blood	To heat the blood of; to exasperate.
Bloodbird	An Australian honeysucker (Myzomela sanguineolata); -- so called from the bright red color of the male bird.
Blood-boltered	Having the hair matted with clotted blood.
Blooded	Having pure blood, or a large admixture or pure blood; of approved breed; of the best stock.
Bloodflower	A genus of bulbous plants, natives of Southern Africa, named Haemanthus, of the Amaryllis family. The juice of H. toxicarius is used by the Hottentots to poison their arrows.
Bloodguilty	Guilty of murder or bloodshed.
Bloodhound	A breed of large and powerful dogs, with long, smooth, and pendulous ears, and remarkable for acuteness of smell. It is employed to recover game or prey which has escaped wounded from a hunter, and for tracking criminals. Formerly it was used for pursuing runaway slaves. Other varieties of dog are often used for the same purpose and go by the same name. The Cuban bloodhound is said to be a variety of the mastiff.
Bloodily	In a bloody manner; cruelly; with a disposition to shed blood.
Bloodiness	The state of being bloody.
Bloodiness	Disposition to shed blood; bloodthirstiness.
Bloodless	Destitute of blood, or apparently so; as, bloodless cheeks; lifeless; dead.
Bloodless	Not attended with shedding of blood, or slaughter; as, a bloodless victory.
Bloodless	Without spirit or activity.
Bloodlet	bleed; to let blood.
Bloodletter	One who, or that which, lets blood; a phlebotomist.
Bloodletting	The act or process of letting blood or bleeding, as by opening a vein or artery, or by cupping or leeches; -- esp. applied to venesection.
Blood money	Money paid to the next of kin of a person who has been killed by another.
Blood money	Money obtained as the price, or at the cost, of another's life; -- said of a reward for supporting a capital charge, of money obtained for betraying a fugitive or for committing murder, or of money obtained from the sale of that which will destroy the purchaser.
Bloodroot	A plant (Sanguinaria Canadensis), with a red root and red sap, and bearing a pretty, white flower in early spring; -- called also puccoon, redroot, bloodwort, tetterwort, turmeric, and Indian paint. It has acrid emetic properties, and the rootstock is used as a stimulant expectorant. See Sanguinaria.
Bloodshed	The shedding or spilling of blood; slaughter; the act of shedding human blood, or taking life, as in war, riot, or murder.
Bloodshedder	One who sheds blood; a manslayer; a murderer.
Bloodshedding	Bloodshed.
Bloodshot	Red and inflamed; suffused with blood, or having the vessels turgid with blood, as when the conjunctiva is inflamed or irritated.
Blood-shotten	Bloodshot.
Bloodstick	A piece of hard wood loaded at one end with lead, and used to strike the fleam into the vein.
Bloodstone	A green siliceous stone sprinkled with red jasper, as if with blood; hence the name; -- called also heliotrope.
Bloodstone	Hematite, an ore of iron yielding a blood red powder or "streak."
Bloodstroke	Loss of sensation and motion from hemorrhage or congestion in the brain.
Bloodsucker	Any animal that sucks blood; esp., the leech (Hirudo medicinalis), and related species.
Bloodsucker	One who sheds blood; a cruel, bloodthirsty man; one guilty of bloodshed; a murderer.
Bloodsucker	A hard and exacting master, landlord, or money lender; an extortioner.
Bloodthirsty	Eager to shed blood; cruel; sanguinary; murderous.
Bloodulf	The European bullfinch.
Blood vessel	Any vessel or canal in which blood circulates in an animal, as an artery or vein.
Bloodwite	Alt. of Bloodwit
Bloodwit	A fine or amercement paid as a composition for the shedding of blood; also, a riot wherein blood was spilled.
Bloodwood	A tree having the wood or the sap of the color of blood.
Bloodwort	A plant, Rumex sanguineus, or bloody-veined dock. The name is applied also to bloodroot (Sanguinaria Canadensis), and to an extensive order of plants (Haemodoraceae), the roots of many species of which contain a red coloring matter useful in dyeing.
Bloody	Containing or resembling blood; of the nature of blood; as, bloody excretions; bloody sweat.
Bloody	Smeared or stained with blood; as, bloody hands; a bloody handkerchief.
Bloody	Given, or tending, to the shedding of blood; having a cruel, savage disposition; murderous; cruel.
Bloody	Attended with, or involving, bloodshed; sanguinary; esp., marked by great slaughter or cruelty; as, a bloody battle.
Bloody	Infamous; contemptible; -- variously used for mere emphasis or as a low epithet.
Bloodied	of Bloody
Bloodying	of Bloody
Bloody	To stain with blood.
Bloodybones	A terrible bugbear.
Bloody flux	The dysentery, a disease in which the flux or discharge from the bowels has a mixture of blood.
Bloody hand	A hand stained with the blood of a deer, which, in the old forest laws of England, was sufficient evidence of a man's trespass in the forest against venison.
Bloody hand	A red hand, as in the arms of Ulster, which is now the distinguishing mark of a baronet of the United Kingdom.
Bloody-minded	Having a cruel, ferocious disposition; bloodthirsty.
Bloody sweat	A sweat accompanied by a discharge of blood; a disease, called sweating sickness, formerly prevalent in England and other countries.
Bloom	A blossom; the flower of a plant; an expanded bud; flowers, collectively.
Bloom	The opening of flowers in general; the state of blossoming or of having the flowers open; as, the cherry trees are in bloom.
Bloom	A state or time of beauty, freshness, and vigor; an opening to higher perfection, analogous to that of buds into blossoms; as, the bloom of youth.
Bloom	The delicate, powdery coating upon certain growing or newly-gathered fruits or leaves, as on grapes, plums, etc. Hence: Anything giving an appearance of attractive freshness; a flush; a glow.
Bloom	The clouded appearance which varnish sometimes takes upon the surface of a picture.
Bloom	A yellowish deposit or powdery coating which appears on well-tanned leather.
Bloom	A popular term for a bright-hued variety of some minerals; as, the rose-red cobalt bloom.
Bloomed	of Bloom
Blooming	of Bloom
Bloom	To produce or yield blossoms; to blossom; to flower or be in flower.
Bloom	To be in a state of healthful, growing youth and vigor; to show beauty and freshness, as of flowers; to give promise, as by or with flowers.
Bloom	To cause to blossom; to make flourish.
Bloom	To bestow a bloom upon; to make blooming or radiant.
Bloom	A mass of wrought iron from the Catalan forge or from the puddling furnace, deprived of its dross, and shaped usually in the form of an oblong block by shingling.
Bloom	A large bar of steel formed directly from an ingot by hammering or rolling, being a preliminary shape for further working.
Bloomary	See Bloomery.
Bloomer	A costume for women, consisting of a short dress, with loose trousers gathered round ankles, and (commonly) a broad-brimmed hat.
Bloomer	A woman who wears a Bloomer costume.
Bloomery	A furnace and forge in which wrought iron in the form of blooms is made directly from the ore, or (more rarely) from cast iron.
Blooming	The process of making blooms from the ore or from cast iron.
Blooming	Opening in blossoms; flowering.
Blooming	Thriving in health, beauty, and vigor; indicating the freshness and beauties of youth or health.
Bloomingly	In a blooming manner.
Bloomingness	A blooming condition.
Bloomless	Without bloom or flowers.
Bloomy	Full of bloom; flowery; flourishing with the vigor of youth; as, a bloomy spray.
Bloomy	Covered with bloom, as fruit.
Blooth	Bloom; a blossoming.
Blore	The act of blowing; a roaring wind; a blast.
Blosmy	Blossomy.
Blossom	The flower of a plant, or the essential organs of reproduction, with their appendages; florescence; bloom; the flowers of a plant, collectively; as, the blossoms and fruit of a tree; an apple tree in blossom.
Blossom	A blooming period or stage of development; something lovely that gives rich promise.
Blossom	The color of a horse that has white hairs intermixed with sorrel and bay hairs; -- otherwise called peach color.
Blossomed	of Blossom
Blossoming	of Blossom
Blossom	To put forth blossoms or flowers; to bloom; to blow; to flower.
Blossom	To flourish and prosper.
Blossomless	Without blossoms.
Blossomy	Full of blossoms; flowery.
Blotted	of Blot
Blotting	of Blot
Blot	To spot, stain, or bespatter, as with ink.
Blot	To impair; to damage; to mar; to soil.
Blot	To stain with infamy; to disgrace.
Blot	To obliterate, as writing with ink; to cancel; to efface; -- generally with out; as, to blot out a word or a sentence. Often figuratively; as, to blot out offenses.
Blot	To obscure; to eclipse; to shadow.
Blot	To dry, as writing, with blotting paper.
Blot	To take a blot; as, this paper blots easily.
Blot	A spot or stain, as of ink on paper; a blur.
Blot	An obliteration of something written or printed; an erasure.
Blot	A spot on reputation; a stain; a disgrace; a reproach; a blemish.
Blot	An exposure of a single man to be taken up.
Blot	A single man left on a point, exposed to be taken up.
Blot	A weak point; a failing; an exposed point or mark.
Blotch	A blot or spot, as of color or of ink; especially a large or irregular spot. Also Fig.; as, a moral blotch.
Blotch	A large pustule, or a coarse eruption.
Blotched	Marked or covered with blotches.
Blotchy	Having blotches.
Bloted	of Blote
Bloting	of Blote
Blote	To cure, as herrings, by salting and smoking them; to bloat.
Blotless	Without blot.
Blotter	One who, or that which, blots; esp. a device for absorbing superfluous ink.
Blotter	A wastebook, in which entries of transactions are made as they take place.
Blottesque	Characterized by blots or heavy touches; coarsely depicted; wanting in delineation.
Blotting paper	A kind of thick, bibulous, unsized paper, used to absorb superfluous ink from freshly written manuscript, and thus prevent blots.
Blouse	A light, loose over-garment, like a smock frock, worn especially by workingmen in France; also, a loose coat of any material, as the undress uniform coat of the United States army.
Blew	of Blow
Blown	of Blow
Blowing	of Blow
Blow	To flower; to blossom; to bloom.
Blow	To cause to blossom; to put forth (blossoms or flowers).
Blow	A blossom; a flower; also, a state of blossoming; a mass of blossoms.
Blow	A forcible stroke with the hand, fist, or some instrument, as a rod, a club, an ax, or a sword.
Blow	A sudden or forcible act or effort; an assault.
Blow	The infliction of evil; a sudden calamity; something which produces mental, physical, or financial suffering or loss (esp. when sudden); a buffet.
Blew	of Blow
Blown	of Blow
Blowing	of Blow
Blow	To produce a current of air; to move, as air, esp. to move rapidly or with power; as, the wind blows.
Blow	To send forth a forcible current of air, as from the mouth or from a pair of bellows.
Blow	To breathe hard or quick; to pant; to puff.
Blow	To sound on being blown into, as a trumpet.
Blow	To spout water, etc., from the blowholes, as a whale.
Blow	To be carried or moved by the wind; as, the dust blows in from the street.
Blow	To talk loudly; to boast; to storm.
Blow	To force a current of air upon with the mouth, or by other means; as, to blow the fire.
Blow	To drive by a current air; to impel; as, the tempest blew the ship ashore.
Blow	To cause air to pass through by the action of the mouth, or otherwise; to cause to sound, as a wind instrument; as, to blow a trumpet; to blow an organ.
Blow	To clear of contents by forcing air through; as, to blow an egg; to blow one's nose.
Blow	To burst, shatter, or destroy by an explosion; -- usually with up, down, open, or similar adverb; as, to blow up a building.
Blow	To spread by report; to publish; to disclose.
Blow	To form by inflation; to swell by injecting air; as, to blow bubbles; to blow glass.
Blow	To inflate, as with pride; to puff up.
Blow	To put out of breath; to cause to blow from fatigue; as, to blow a horse.
Blow	To deposit eggs or larvae upon, or in (meat, etc.).
Blow	A blowing, esp., a violent blowing of the wind; a gale; as, a heavy blow came on, and the ship put back to port.
Blow	The act of forcing air from the mouth, or through or from some instrument; as, to give a hard blow on a whistle or horn; to give the fire a blow with the bellows.
Blow	The spouting of a whale.
Blow	A single heat or operation of the Bessemer converter.
Blow	An egg, or a larva, deposited by a fly on or in flesh, or the act of depositing it.
Blowball	The downy seed head of a dandelion, which children delight to blow away.
Blowen	Alt. of Blowess
Blowess	A prostitute; a courtesan; a strumpet.
Blower	One who, or that which, blows.
Blower	A device for producing a current of air; as: (a) A metal plate temporarily placed before the upper part of a grate or open fire. (b) A machine for producing an artificial blast or current of air by pressure, as for increasing the draft of a furnace, ventilating a building or shaft, cleansing gram, etc.
Blower	A blowing out or excessive discharge of gas from a hole or fissure in a mine.
Blower	The whale; -- so called by seamen, from the circumstance of its spouting up a column of water.
Blower	A small fish of the Atlantic coast (Tetrodon turgidus); the puffer.
Blower	A braggart, or loud talker.
Blowfly	Any species of fly of the genus Musca that deposits its eggs or young larvae (called flyblows and maggots) upon meat or other animal products.
Blowgun	A tube, as of cane or reed, sometimes twelve feet long, through which an arrow or other projectile may be impelled by the force of the breath. It is a weapon much used by certain Indians of America and the West Indies; -- called also blowpipe, and blowtube.  See Sumpitan.
Blowhole	A cavern in a cliff, at the water level, opening to the air at its farther extremity, so that the waters rush in with each surge and rise in a lofty jet from the extremity.
Blowhole	A nostril or spiracle in the top of the head of a whale or other cetacean.
Blowhole	A hole in the ice to which whales, seals, etc., come to breathe.
Blowhole	An air hole in a casting.
Blown	Swollen; inflated; distended; puffed up, as cattle when gorged with green food which develops gas.
Blown	Stale; worthless.
Blown	Out of breath; tired; exhausted.
Blown	Covered with the eggs and larvae of flies; fly blown.
Blown	Opened; in blossom or having blossomed, as a flower.
Blow-off	A blowing off steam, water, etc.;
Blow-off	as, a blow-off cock or pipe.
Blow-off	An outburst of temper or excitement.
Blow-out	The cleaning of the flues of a boiler from scale, etc., by a blast of steam.
Blowpipe	A tube for directing a jet of air into a fire or into the flame of a lamp or candle, so as to concentrate the heat on some object.
Blowpipe	A blowgun; a blowtube.
Blowpoint	A child's game.
Blowse	See Blowze.
Blowth	A blossoming; a bloom.
Blowtube	A blowgun.
Blowtube	A similar instrument, commonly of tin, used by boys for discharging paper wads and other light missiles.
Blowtube	A long wrought iron tube, on the end of which the workman gathers a quantity of "metal" (melted glass), and through which he blows to expand or shape it; -- called also blowing tube, and blowpipe.
Blow valve	See Snifting valve.
Blowy	Windy; as, blowy weather; a blowy upland.
Blowze	A ruddy, fat-faced woman; a wench.
Blowzed	Having high color from exposure to the weather; ruddy-faced; blowzy; disordered.
Blowzy	Coarse and ruddy-faced; fat and ruddy; high colored; frowzy.
Blub	To swell; to puff out, as with weeping.
Blubber	A bubble.
Blubber	The fat of whales and other large sea animals from which oil is obtained. It lies immediately under the skin and over the muscular flesh.
Blubber	A large sea nettle or medusa.
Blubbered	of Blubber
Blubbering	of Blubber
Blubber	To weep noisily, or so as to disfigure the face; to cry in a childish manner.
Blubber	To swell or disfigure (the face) with weeping; to wet with tears.
Blubber	To give vent to (tears) or utter (broken words or cries); -- with forth or out.
Blubbered	Swollen; turgid; as, a blubbered lip.
Blubbering	The act of weeping noisily.
Blubbery	Swollen; protuberant.
Blubbery	Like blubber; gelatinous and quivering; as, a blubbery mass.
Blucher	A kind of half boot, named from the Prussian general Blucher.
Bludgeon	A short stick, with one end loaded, or thicker and heavier that the other, used as an offensive weapon.
Blue	Having the color of the clear sky, or a hue resembling it, whether lighter or darker; as, the deep, blue sea; as blue as a sapphire; blue violets.
Blue	Pale, without redness or glare, -- said of a flame; hence, of the color of burning brimstone, betokening the presence of ghosts or devils; as, the candle burns blue; the air was blue with oaths.
Blue	Low in spirits; melancholy; as, to feel blue.
Blue	Suited to produce low spirits; gloomy in prospect; as, thongs looked blue.
Blue	Severe or over strict in morals; gloom; as, blue and sour religionists; suiting one who is over strict in morals; inculcating an impracticable, severe, or gloomy mortality; as, blue laws.
Blue	Literary; -- applied to women; -- an abbreviation of bluestocking.
Blue	One of the seven colors into which the rays of light divide themselves, when refracted through a glass prism; the color of the clear sky, or a color resembling that, whether lighter or darker; a pigment having such color. Sometimes, poetically, the sky.
Blue	A pedantic woman; a bluestocking.
Blue	Low spirits; a fit of despondency; melancholy.
Blued	of Blue
Bluing	of Blue
Blue	To make blue; to dye of a blue color; to make blue by heating, as metals, etc.
Blueback	A trout (Salmo oquassa) inhabiting some of the lakes of Maine.
Blueback	A salmon (Oncorhynchus nerka) of the Columbia River and northward.
Blueback	An American river herring (Clupea aestivalis), closely allied to the alewife.
Bluebeard	The hero of a mediaeval French nursery legend, who, leaving home, enjoined his young wife not to open a certain room in his castle. She entered it, and found the murdered bodies of his former wives. -- Also used adjectively of a subject which it is forbidden to investigate.
Bluebell	A plant of the genus Campanula, especially the Campanula rotundifolia, which bears blue bell-shaped flowers; the harebell.
Bluebell	A plant of the genus Scilla (Scilla nutans).
Blueberry	The berry of several species of Vaccinium, an ericaceous genus, differing from the American huckleberries in containing numerous minute seeds instead of ten nutlets. The commonest species are V. Pennsylvanicum and V. vacillans.  V. corymbosum is the tall blueberry.
Bluebill	A duck of the genus Fuligula. Two American species (F. marila and F. affinis) are common. See Scaup duck.
Bluebird	A small song bird (Sialia sialis), very common in the United States, and, in the north, one of the earliest to arrive in spring. The male is blue, with the breast reddish. It is related to the European robin.
Blue bonnet	Alt. of Blue-bonnet
Blue-bonnet	A broad, flat Scottish cap of blue woolen, or one wearing such cap; a Scotchman.
Blue-bonnet	A plant. Same as Bluebottle.
Blue-bonnet	The European blue titmouse (Parus coeruleus); the bluecap.
Blue book	A parliamentary publication, so called from its blue paper covers.
Blue book	The United States official "Biennial Register."
Bluebottle	A plant (Centaurea cyanus) which grows in grain fields. It receives its name from its blue bottle-shaped flowers.
Bluebottle	A large and troublesome species of blowfly (Musca vomitoria). Its body is steel blue.
Bluebreast	A small European bird; the blue-throated warbler.
Bluecap	The bluepoll.
Bluecap	The blue bonnet or blue titmouse.
Bluecap	A Scot; a Scotchman; -- so named from wearing a blue bonnet.
Bluecoat	One dressed in blue, as a soldier, a sailor, a beadle, etc.
Blue-eye	The blue-cheeked honeysucker of Australia.
Blue-eyed	Having blue eyes.
Blue-eyed grass	a grasslike plant (Sisyrinchium anceps), with small flowers of a delicate blue color.
Bluefin	A species of whitefish (Coregonus nigripinnis) found in Lake Michigan.
Bluefish	A large voracious fish (Pomatomus saitatrix), of the family Carangidae, valued as a food fish, and widely distributed on the American coast. On the New Jersey and Rhode Island coast it is called the horse mackerel, in Virginia saltwater tailor, or skipjack.
Bluefish	A West Indian fish (Platyglossus radiatus), of the family Labridae.
Bluegown	One of a class of paupers or pensioners, or licensed beggars, in Scotland, to whim annually on the king's birthday were distributed certain alms, including a blue gown; a beadsman.
Blue grass	A species of grass (Poa compressa) with bluish green stems, valuable in thin gravelly soils; wire grass.
Blue jay	The common jay of the United States (Cyanocitta, or Cyanura, cristata). The predominant color is bright blue.
Blue-john	A name given to fluor spar in Derbyshire, where it is used for ornamental purposes.
Bluely	With a blue color.
Blueness	The quality of being blue; a blue color.
Bluenose	A nickname for a Nova Scotian.
Bluepoll	A kind of salmon (Salmo Cambricus) found in Wales.
Blueprint	See under Print.
Bluestocking	A literary lady; a female pedant.
Bluestocking	The American avocet (Recurvirostra Americana).
Bluestockingism	The character or manner of a bluestocking; female pedantry.
Bluestone	Blue vitriol.
Bluestone	A grayish blue building stone, as that commonly used in the eastern United States.
Bluethroat	A singing bird of northern Europe and Asia (Cyanecula Suecica), related to the nightingales; -- called also blue-throated robin and blue-throated warbler.
Bluets	A name given to several different species of plants having blue flowers, as the Houstonia coerulea, the Centaurea cyanus or bluebottle, and the Vaccinium angustifolium.
Blue-veined	Having blue veins or blue streaks.
Bluewing	The blue-winged teal. See Teal.
Bluey	Bluish.
Bluff	Having a broad, flattened front; as, the bluff bows of a ship.
Bluff	Rising steeply with a flat or rounded front.
Bluff	Surly; churlish; gruff; rough.
Bluff	Abrupt; roughly frank; unceremonious; blunt; brusque; as, a bluff answer; a bluff manner of talking; a bluff sea captain.
Bluff	A high, steep bank, as by a river or the sea, or beside a ravine or plain; a cliff with a broad face.
Bluff	An act of bluffing; an expression of self-confidence for the purpose of intimidation; braggadocio; as, that is only bluff, or a bluff.
Bluff	A game at cards; poker.
Bluffed	of Bluff
Bluffing	of Bluff
Bluff	To deter (an opponent) from taking the risk of betting on his hand of cards, as the bluffer does by betting heavily on his own hand although it may be of less value.
Bluff	To frighten or deter from accomplishing a purpose by making a show of confidence in one's strength or resources; as, he bluffed me off.
Bluff	To act as in the game of bluff.
Bluff-bowed	Built with the stem nearly straight up and down.
Bluffer	One who bluffs.
Bluff-headed	Built with the stem nearly straight up and down.
Bluffness	The quality or state of being bluff.
Bluffy	Having bluffs, or bold, steep banks.
Bluffy	Inclined to bo bluff; brusque.
Bluing	The act of rendering blue; as, the bluing of steel.
Bluing	Something to give a bluish tint, as indigo, or preparations used by washerwomen.
Bluish	Somewhat blue; as, bluish veins.
Blundered	of Blunder
Blundering	of Blunder
Blunder	To make a gross error or mistake; as, to blunder in writing or preparing a medical prescription.
Blunder	To move in an awkward, clumsy manner; to flounder and stumble.
Blunder	To cause to blunder.
Blunder	To do or treat in a blundering manner; to confuse.
Blunder	Confusion; disturbance.
Blunder	A gross error or mistake, resulting from carelessness, stupidity, or culpable ignorance.
Blunderbuss	A short gun or firearm, with a large bore, capable of holding a number of balls, and intended to do execution without exact aim.
Blunderbuss	A stupid, blundering fellow.
Blunderer	One who is apt to blunder.
Blunderhead	A stupid, blundering fellow.
Blundering	Characterized by blunders.
Blunderingly	In a blundering manner.
Blunge	To amalgamate and blend; to beat up or mix in water, as clay.
Blunger	A wooden blade with a cross handle, used for mi/ing the clay in potteries; a plunger.
Blunging	The process of mixing clay in potteries with a blunger.
Blunt	Having a thick edge or point, as an instrument; dull; not sharp.
Blunt	Dull in understanding; slow of discernment; stupid; -- opposed to acute.
Blunt	Abrupt in address; plain; unceremonious; wanting the forms of civility; rough in manners or speech.
Blunt	Hard to impress or penetrate.
Blunted	of Blunt
Blunting	of Blunt
Blunt	To dull the edge or point of, by making it thicker; to make blunt.
Blunt	To repress or weaken, as any appetite, desire, or power of the mind; to impair the force, keenness, or susceptibility, of; as, to blunt the feelings.
Blunt	A fencer's foil.
Blunt	A short needle with a strong point. See Needle.
Blunt	Money.
Bluntish	Somewhat blunt.
Bluntly	In a blunt manner; coarsely; plainly; abruptly; without delicacy, or the usual forms of civility.
Bluntness	Want of edge or point; dullness; obtuseness; want of sharpness.
Bluntness	Abruptness of address; rude plainness.
Blunt-witted	Dull; stupid.
Blurred	of Blur
Blurring	of Blur
Blur	To render obscure by making the form or outline of confused and uncertain, as by soiling; to smear; to make indistinct and confused; as, to blur manuscript by handling it while damp; to blur the impression of a woodcut by an excess of ink.
Blur	To cause imperfection of vision in; to dim; to darken.
Blur	To sully; to stain; to blemish, as reputation.
Blur	That which obscures without effacing; a stain; a blot, as upon paper or other substance.
Blur	A dim, confused appearance; indistinctness of vision; as, to see things with a blur; it was all blur.
Blur	A moral stain or blot.
Blurry	Full of blurs; blurred.
Blurted	of Blurt
Blurting	of Blurt
Blurt	To utter suddenly and unadvisedly; to divulge inconsiderately; to ejaculate; -- commonly with out.
Blushed	of Blush
Blushing	of Blush
Blush	To become suffused with red in the cheeks, as from a sense of shame, modesty, or confusion; to become red from such cause, as the cheeks or face.
Blush	To grow red; to have a red or rosy color.
Blush	To have a warm and delicate color, as some roses and other flowers.
Blush	To suffuse with a blush; to redden; to make roseate.
Blush	To express or make known by blushing.
Blush	A suffusion of the cheeks or face with red, as from a sense of shame, confusion, or modesty.
Blush	A red or reddish color; a rosy tint.
Blusher	One that blushes.
Blushet	A modest girl.
Blushful	Full of blushes.
Blushing	Showing blushes; rosy red; having a warm and delicate color like some roses and other flowers; blooming; ruddy; roseate.
Blushing	The act of turning red; the appearance of a reddish color or flush upon the cheeks.
Blushingly	In a blushing manner; with a blush or blushes; as, to answer or confess blushingly.
Blushless	Free from blushes; incapable of blushing; shameless; impudent.
Blushy	Like a blush; having the color of a blush; rosy.
Blustered	of Bluster
Blustering	of Bluster
Bluster	To blow fitfully with violence and noise, as wind; to be windy and boisterous, as the weather.
Bluster	To talk with noisy violence; to swagger, as a turbulent or boasting person; to act in a noisy, tumultuous way; to play the bully; to storm; to rage.
Bluster	To utter, or do, with noisy violence; to force by blustering; to bully.
Bluster	Fitful noise and violence, as of a storm; violent winds; boisterousness.
Bluster	Noisy and violent or threatening talk; noisy and boastful language.
Blusterer	One who, or that which, blusters; a noisy swaggerer.
Blustering	Exhibiting noisy violence, as the wind; stormy; tumultuous.
Blustering	Uttering noisy threats; noisy and swaggering; boisterous.
Blusteringly	In a blustering manner.
Blusterous	Inclined to bluster; given to blustering; blustering.
Blustrous	Blusterous.
Bo	An exclamation used to startle or frighten.
Boas	of Boa
Boa	A genus of large American serpents, including the boa constrictor, the emperor boa of Mexico (B. imperator), and the chevalier boa of Peru (B. eques).
Boa	A long, round fur tippet; -- so called from its resemblance in shape to the boa constrictor.
Boa constrictor	A large and powerful serpent of tropical America, sometimes twenty or thirty feet long. See Illustration in Appendix.
Boanerges	Any declamatory and vociferous preacher or orator.
Boar	The uncastrated male of swine; specifically, the wild hog.
Board	A piece of timber sawed thin, and of considerable length and breadth as compared with the thickness, -- used for building, etc.
Board	A table to put food upon.
Board	Hence: What is served on a table as food; stated meals; provision; entertainment; -- usually as furnished for pay; as, to work for one's board; the price of board.
Board	A table at which a council or court is held. Hence:  A council, convened for business, or any authorized assembly or meeting, public or private; a number of persons appointed or elected to sit in council for the management or direction of some public or private business or trust; as, the Board of Admiralty; a board of trade; a board of directors, trustees, commissioners, etc.
Board	A square or oblong piece of thin wood or other material used for some special purpose, as, a molding board; a board or surface painted or arranged for a game; as, a chessboard; a backgammon board.
Board	Paper made thick and stiff like a board, for book covers, etc.; pasteboard; as, to bind a book in boards.
Board	The stage in a theater; as, to go upon the boards, to enter upon the theatrical profession.
Board	The border or side of anything.
Board	The side of a ship.
Board	The stretch which a ship makes in one tack.
Boarded	of Board
Boarding	of Board
Board	To cover with boards or boarding; as, to board a house.
Board	To go on board of, or enter, as a ship, whether in a hostile or a friendly way.
Board	To enter, as a railway car.
Board	To furnish with regular meals, or with meals and lodgings, for compensation; to supply with daily meals.
Board	To place at board, for compensation; as, to board one's horse at a livery stable.
Board	To obtain meals, or meals and lodgings, statedly for compensation; as, he boards at the hotel.
Board	To approach; to accost; to address; hence, to woo.
Boardable	That can be boarded, as a ship.
Boarder	One who has food statedly at another's table, or meals and lodgings in his house, for pay, or compensation of any kind.
Boarder	One who boards a ship; one selected to board an enemy's ship.
Boarding	The act of entering a ship, whether with a hostile or a friendly purpose.
Boarding	The act of covering with boards; also, boards, collectively; or a covering made of boards.
Boarding	The act of supplying, or the state of being supplied, with regular or specified meals, or with meals and lodgings, for pay.
Boarfish	A Mediterranean fish (Capros aper), of the family Caproidae; -- so called from the resemblance of the extended lips to a hog's snout.
Boarfish	An Australian percoid fish (Histiopterus recurvirostris), valued as a food fish.
Boarish	Swinish; brutal; cruel.
Boasted	of Boast
Boasting	of Boast
Boast	To vaunt one's self; to brag; to say or tell things which are intended to give others a high opinion of one's self or of things belonging to one's self; as, to boast of one's exploits courage, descent, wealth.
Boast	To speak in exulting language of another; to glory; to exult.
Boast	To display in ostentatious language; to speak of with pride, vanity, or exultation, with a view to self-commendation; to extol.
Boast	To display vaingloriously.
Boast	To possess or have; as, to boast a name.
Boast	To dress, as a stone, with a broad chisel.
Boast	To shape roughly as a preparation for the finer work to follow; to cut to the general form required.
Boast	Act of boasting; vaunting or bragging.
Boast	The cause of boasting; occasion of pride or exultation, -- sometimes of laudable pride or exultation.
Boastance	Boasting.
Boaster	One who boasts; a braggart.
Boaster	A stone mason's broad-faced chisel.
Boastful	Given to, or full of, boasting; inclined to boast; vaunting; vainglorious; self-praising.
Boasting	The act of glorying or vaunting; vainglorious speaking; ostentatious display.
Boastingly	Boastfully; with boasting.
Boastive	Presumptuous.
Boastless	Without boasting or ostentation.
Boat	A small open vessel, or water craft, usually moved by cars or paddles, but often by a sail.
Boat	Hence, any vessel; usually with some epithet descriptive of its use or mode of propulsion; as, pilot boat, packet boat, passage boat, advice boat, etc.  The term is sometimes applied to steam vessels, even of the largest class; as, the Cunard boats.
Boat	A vehicle, utensil, or dish, somewhat resembling a boat in shape; as, a stone boat; a gravy boat.
Boated	of Boat
Boating	of Boat
Boat	To transport in a boat; as, to boat goods.
Boat	To place in a boat; as, to boat oars.
Boat	To go or row in a boat.
Boatable	Such as can be transported in a boat.
Boatable	Navigable for boats, or small river craft.
Boatage	Conveyance by boat; also, a charge for such conveyance.
Boatbill	A wading bird (Cancroma cochlearia) of the tropical parts of South America. Its bill is somewhat like a boat with the keel uppermost.
Boatbill	A perching bird of India, of the genus Eurylaimus.
Boat bug	An aquatic hemipterous insect of the genus Notonecta; -- so called from swimming on its back, which gives it the appearance of a little boat. Called also boat fly, boat insect, boatman, and water boatman.
Boatfuls	of Boatful
Boatful	The quantity or amount that fills a boat.
Boathouse	A house for sheltering boats.
Boating	The act or practice of rowing or sailing, esp. as an amusement; carriage in boats.
Boating	In Persia, a punishment of capital offenders, by laying them on the back in a covered boat, where they are left to perish.
Boation	A crying out; a roaring; a bellowing; reverberation.
Boatmen	of Boatman
Boatman	A man who manages a boat; a rower of a boat.
Boatman	A boat bug. See Boat bug.
Boatmanship	The art of managing a boat.
Boat-shaped	See Cymbiform.
Boat shell	A marine gastropod of the genus Crepidula. The species are numerous. It is so named from its form and interior deck.
Boat shell	A marine univalve shell of the genus Cymba.
Boatsman	A boatman.
Boatswain	An officer who has charge of the boats, sails, rigging, colors, anchors, cables, cordage, etc., of a ship, and who also summons the crew, and performs other duties.
Boatswain	The jager gull.
Boatswain	The tropic bird.
Boat-tail	A large grackle or blackbird (Quiscalus major), found in the Southern United States.
Boatwomen	of Boatwoman
Boatwoman	A woman who manages a boat.
Bob	Anything that hangs so as to play loosely, or with a short abrupt motion, as at the end of a string; a pendant; as, the bob at the end of a kite's tail.
Bob	A knot of worms, or of rags, on a string, used in angling, as for eels; formerly, a worm suitable for bait.
Bob	A small piece of cork or light wood attached to a fishing line to show when a fish is biting; a float.
Bob	The ball or heavy part of a pendulum; also, the ball or weight at the end of a plumb line.
Bob	A small wheel, made of leather, with rounded edges, used in polishing spoons, etc.
Bob	A short, jerking motion; act of bobbing; as, a bob of the head.
Bob	A working beam.
Bob	A knot or short curl of hair; also, a bob wig.
Bob	A peculiar mode of ringing changes on bells.
Bob	The refrain of a song.
Bob	A blow; a shake or jog; a rap, as with the fist.
Bob	A jeer or flout; a sharp jest or taunt; a trick.
Bob	A shilling.
Bobbed	of Bob
Bobbing	of Bob
Bob	To cause to move in a short, jerking manner; to move (a thing) with a bob.
Bob	To strike with a quick, light blow; to tap.
Bob	To cheat; to gain by fraud or cheating; to filch.
Bob	To mock or delude; to cheat.
Bob	To cut short; as, to bob the hair, or a horse's tail.
Bob	To have a short, jerking motion; to play to and fro, or up and down; to play loosely against anything.
Bob	To angle with a bob. See Bob, n., 2 & 3.
Bobac	The Poland marmot (Arctomys bobac).
Bobance	A boasting.
Bobber	One who, or that which, bobs.
Bobbery	A squabble; a tumult; a noisy disturbance; as, to raise a bobbery.
Bobbin	A small pin, or cylinder, formerly of bone, now most commonly of wood, used in the making of pillow lace. Each thread is wound on a separate bobbin which hangs down holding the thread at a slight tension.
Bobbin	A spool or reel of various material and construction, with a head at one or both ends, and sometimes with a hole bored through its length by which it may be placed on a spindle or pivot. It is used to hold yarn or thread, as in spinning or warping machines, looms, sewing machines, etc.
Bobbin	The little rounded piece of wood, at the end of a latch string, which is pulled to raise the latch.
Bobbin	A fine cord or narrow braid.
Bobbin	A cylindrical or spool-shaped coil or insulated wire, usually containing a core of soft iron which becomes magnetic when the wire is traversed by an electrical current.
Bobbinet	A kind of cotton lace which is wrought by machines, and not by hand.
Bobbinwork	Work woven with bobbins.
Bobbish	Hearty; in good spirits.
Bobby	A nickname for a policeman; -- from Sir Robert Peel, who remodeled the police force. See Peeler.
Bob-cherry	A play among children, in which a cherry, hung so as to bob against the mouth, is to be caught with the teeth.
Bobfly	The fly at the end of the leader; an end fly.
Bobolink	An American singing bird (Dolichonyx oryzivorus). The male is black and white; the female is brown; -- called also, ricebird, reedbird, and Boblincoln.
Bobsled	Alt. of Bobsleigh
Bobsleigh	A short sled, mostly used as one of a pair connected by a reach or coupling; also, the compound sled so formed.
Bobstay	A rope or chain to confine the bowsprit of a ship downward to the stem or cutwater; -- usually in the pl.
Bobtail	An animal (as a horse or dog) with a short tail.
Bobtail	Bobtailed.
Bobtailed	Having the tail cut short, or naturally short; curtailed; as, a bobtailed horse or dog; a bobtailed coat.
Bobwhite	The common quail of North America (Colinus, or Ortyx, Virginianus); -- so called from its note.
Bob wig	A short wig with bobs or short curls; -- called also bobtail wig.
Bocal	A cylindrical glass vessel, with a large and short neck.
Bocardo	A form of syllogism of which the first and third propositions are particular negatives, and the middle term a universal affirmative.
Bocardo	A prison; -- originally the name of the old north gate in Oxford, which was used as a prison.
Bocasine	A sort of fine buckram.
Bocca	The round hole in the furnace of a glass manufactory through which the fused glass is taken out.
Boce	A European fish (Box vulgaris), having a compressed body and bright colors; -- called also box, and bogue.
Bock beer	A strong beer, originally made in Bavaria.
Bockelet	A kind of long-winged hawk; -- called also bockerel, and bockeret.
Bockey	A bowl or vessel made from a gourd.
Bocking	A coarse woolen fabric, used for floor cloths, to cover carpets, etc.; -- so called from the town of Bocking, in England, where it was first made.
Bockland	See Bookland.
Boddice	See Bodick.
Boded	of Bode
Boding	of Bode
Bode	To indicate by signs, as future events; to be the omen of; to portend to presage; to foreshow.
Bode	To foreshow something; to augur.
Bode	An omen; a foreshadowing.
Bode	A bid; an offer.
Bode	A messenger; a herald.
Bode	A stop; a halting; delay.
Bode	Abode.
Bode	Bid or bidden.
Bodeful	Portentous; ominous.
Bodement	An omen; a prognostic.
Bodge	A botch; a patch.
Bodged	of Bodge
Bodge	To botch; to mend clumsily; to patch.
Bodge	See Budge.
Bodian	A large food fish (Diagramma lineatum), native of the East Indies.
Bodice	A kind of under waist stiffened with whalebone, etc., worn esp. by women; a corset; stays.
Bodice	A close-fitting outer waist or vest forming the upper part of a woman's dress, or a portion of it.
Bodiced	Wearing a bodice.
Bodied	Having a body; -- usually in composition; as, able-bodied.
Bodiless	Having no body.
Bodiless	Without material form; incorporeal.
Bodiliness	Corporeality.
Bodily	Having a body or material form; physical; corporeal; consisting of matter.
Bodily	Of or pertaining to the body, in distinction from the mind.
Bodily	Real; actual; put in execution.
Bodily	Corporeally; in bodily form; united with a body or matter; in the body.
Bodily	In respect to, or so as to affect, the entire body or mass; entirely; all at once; completely; as, to carry away bodily. "Leapt bodily below."
Boding	Foreshowing; presaging; ominous.
Boding	A prognostic; an omen; a foreboding.
Bodkin	A dagger.
Bodkin	An implement of steel, bone, ivory, etc., with a sharp point, for making holes by piercing; a /tiletto; an eyeleteer.
Bodkin	A sharp tool, like an awl, used for picking /ut letters from a column or page in making corrections.
Bodkin	A kind of needle with a large eye and a blunt point, for drawing tape, ribbon, etc., through a loop or a hem; a tape needle.
Bodkin	A kind of pin used by women to fasten the hair.
Bodkin	See Baudekin.
Bodle	A small Scotch coin worth about one sixth of an English penny.
Bodleian	Of or pertaining to Sir Thomas Bodley, or to the celebrated library at Oxford, founded by him in the sixteenth century.
Bodock	The Osage orange.
Bodrage	A raid.
Bodies	of Body
Body	The material organized substance of an animal, whether living or dead, as distinguished from the spirit, or vital principle; the physical person.
Body	The trunk, or main part, of a person or animal, as distinguished from the limbs and head; the main, central, or principal part, as of a tree, army, country, etc.
Body	The real, as opposed to the symbolical; the substance, as opposed to the shadow.
Body	A person; a human being; -- frequently in composition; as, anybody, nobody.
Body	A number of individuals spoken of collectively, usually as united by some common tie, or as organized for some purpose; a collective whole or totality; a corporation; as, a legislative body; a clerical body.
Body	A number of things or particulars embodied in a system; a general collection; as, a great body of facts; a body of laws or of divinity.
Body	Any mass or portion of matter; any substance distinct from others; as, a metallic body; a moving body; an aeriform body.
Body	Amount; quantity; extent.
Body	That part of a garment covering the body, as distinguished from the parts covering the limbs.
Body	The bed or box of a vehicle, on or in which the load is placed; as, a wagon body; a cart body.
Body	The shank of a type, or the depth of the shank (by which the size is indicated); as, a nonpareil face on an agate body.
Body	A figure that has length, breadth, and thickness; any solid figure.
Body	Consistency; thickness; substance; strength; as, this color has body; wine of a good body.
Bodied	of Body
Bodying	of Body
Body	To furnish with, or as with, a body; to produce in definite shape; to embody.
Bodyguard	A guard to protect or defend the person; a lifeguard.
Bodyguard	Retinue; attendance; following.
Boeotian	Of or pertaining to Boeotia; hence, stupid; dull; obtuse.
Boeotian	A native of Boeotia; also, one who is dull and ignorant.
Boer	A colonist or farmer in South Africa of Dutch descent.
Boes	Behoves or behooves.
Bog	A quagmire filled with decayed moss and other vegetable matter; wet spongy ground where a heavy body is apt to sink; a marsh; a morass.
Bog	A little elevated spot or clump of earth, roots, and grass, in a marsh or swamp.
Bogged	of Bog
Bogging	of Bog
Bog	To sink, as into a bog; to submerge in a bog; to cause to sink and stick, as in mud and mire.
Bogberry	The small cranberry (Vaccinium oxycoccus), which grows in boggy places.
Bogey	A goblin; a bugbear. See Bogy.
Boggard	A bogey.
Boggled	of Boggle
Boggling	of Boggle
Boggle	To stop or hesitate as if suddenly frightened, or in doubt, or impeded by unforeseen difficulties; to take alarm; to exhibit hesitancy and indecision.
Boggle	To do anything awkwardly or unskillfully.
Boggle	To play fast and loose; to dissemble.
Boggle	To embarrass with difficulties; to make a bungle or botch of.
Boggler	One who boggles.
Bogglish	Doubtful; skittish.
Boggy	Consisting of, or containing, a bog or bogs; of the nature of a bog; swampy; as, boggy land.
Bogie	A four-wheeled truck, having a certain amount of play around a vertical axis, used to support in part a locomotive on a railway track.
Bogle	A goblin; a specter; a frightful phantom; a bogy; a bugbear.
Bogsucker	The American woodcock; -- so called from its feeding among the bogs.
Bogtrotter	One who lives in a boggy country; -- applied in derision to the lowest class of Irish.
Bogtrotting	Living among bogs.
Bogue	To fall off from the wind; to edge away to leeward; -- said only of inferior craft.
Bogue	The boce; -- called also bogue bream. See Boce.
Bogus	Spurious; fictitious; sham; -- a cant term originally applied to counterfeit coin, and hence denoting anything counterfeit.
Bogus	A liquor made of rum and molasses.
Bogwood	The wood of trees, esp. of oaks, dug up from peat bogs. It is of a shining black or ebony color, and is largely used for making ornaments.
Bogies	of Bogy
Bogy	A specter; a hobgoblin; a bugbear.
Bohea	Bohea tea, an inferior kind of black tea. See under Tea.
Bohemia	A country of central Europe.
Bohemia	Fig.: The region or community of social Bohemians. See Bohemian, n., 3.
Bohemian	Of or pertaining to Bohemia, or to the language of its ancient inhabitants or their descendants. See Bohemian, n., 2.
Bohemian	Of or pertaining to a social gypsy or "Bohemian" (see Bohemian, n., 3); vagabond; unconventional; free and easy.
Bohemian	A native of Bohemia.
Bohemian	The language of the Czechs (the ancient inhabitants of Bohemia), the richest and most developed of the dialects of the Slavic family.
Bohemian	A restless vagabond; -- originally, an idle stroller or gypsy (as in France) thought to have come from Bohemia; in later times often applied to an adventurer in art or literature, of irregular, unconventional habits, questionable tastes, or free morals.
Bohemianism	The characteristic conduct or methods of a Bohemian.
Bohun upas	See Upas.
Boiar	See Boyar.
Boiled	of Boil
Boiling	of Boil
Boil	To be agitated, or tumultuously moved, as a liquid by the generation and rising of bubbles of steam (or vapor), or of currents produced by heating it to the boiling point; to be in a state of ebullition; as, the water boils.
Boil	To be agitated like boiling water, by any other cause than heat; to bubble; to effervesce; as, the boiling waves.
Boil	To pass from a liquid to an aeriform state or vapor when heated; as, the water boils away.
Boil	To be moved or excited with passion; to be hot or fervid; as, his blood boils with anger.
Boil	To be in boiling water, as in cooking; as, the potatoes are boiling.
Boil	To heat to the boiling point, or so as to cause ebullition; as, to boil water.
Boil	To form, or separate, by boiling or evaporation; as, to boil sugar or salt.
Boil	To subject to the action of heat in a boiling liquid so as to produce some specific effect, as cooking, cleansing, etc.; as, to boil meat; to boil clothes.
Boil	To steep or soak in warm water.
Boil	Act or state of boiling.
Boil	A hard, painful, inflamed tumor, which, on suppuration, discharges pus, mixed with blood, and discloses a small fibrous mass of dead tissue, called the core.
Boilary	See Boilery.
Boiled	Dressed or cooked by boiling; subjected to the action of a boiling liquid; as, boiled meat; a boiled dinner; boiled clothes.
Boiler	One who boils.
Boiler	A vessel in which any thing is boiled.
Boiler	A strong metallic vessel, usually of wrought iron plates riveted together, or a composite structure variously formed, in which steam is generated for driving engines, or for heating, cooking, or other purposes.
Boilery	A place and apparatus for boiling, as for evaporating brine in salt making.
Boiling	Heated to the point of bubbling; heaving with bubbles; in tumultuous agitation, as boiling liquid; surging; seething; swelling with heat, ardor, or passion.
Boiling	The act of ebullition or of tumultuous agitation.
Boiling	Exposure to the action of a hot liquid.
Boilingly	With boiling or ebullition.
Bois d'arc	The Osage orange (Maclura aurantiaca).
Bois durci	A hard, highly polishable composition, made of fine sawdust from hard wood (as rosewood) mixed with blood, and pressed.
Boist	A box.
Boisterous	Rough or rude; unbending; unyielding; strong; powerful.
Boisterous	Exhibiting tumultuous violence and fury; acting with noisy turbulence; violent; rough; stormy.
Boisterous	Noisy; rough; turbulent; as, boisterous mirth; boisterous behavior.
Boisterous	Vehement; excessive.
Boisterously	In a boisterous manner.
Boisterousness	The state or quality of being boisterous; turbulence; disorder; tumultuousness.
Boistous	Rough or rude; coarse; strong; violent; boisterous; noisy.
Bojanus organ	A glandular organ of bivalve mollusca, serving in part as a kidney.
Bokadam	See Cerberus.
Boke	To poke; to thrust.
Bolar	Of or pertaining to bole or clay; partaking of the nature and qualities of bole; clayey.
Bolas	A kind of missile weapon consisting of one, two, or more balls of stone, iron, or other material, attached to the ends of a leather cord; -- used by the Gauchos of South America, and others, for hurling at and entangling an animal.
Bold	Forward to meet danger; venturesome; daring; not timorous or shrinking from risk; brave; courageous.
Bold	Exhibiting or requiring spirit and contempt of danger; planned with courage; daring; vigorous.
Bold	In a bad sense, too forward; taking undue liberties; over assuming or confident; lacking proper modesty or restraint; rude; impudent.
Bold	Somewhat overstepping usual bounds, or conventional rules, as in art, literature, etc.; taking liberties in composition or expression; as, the figures of an author are bold.
Bold	Standing prominently out to view; markedly conspicuous; striking the eye; in high relief.
Bold	Steep; abrupt; prominent.
Bold eagle	an Australian eagle (Aquila audax), which destroys lambs and even the kangaroo.
Bold	To make bold or daring.
Bold	To be or become bold.
Boldened	of Bolden
Bolden	To make bold; to encourage; to embolden.
Bold-faced	Somewhat impudent; lacking modesty; as, a bold-faced woman.
Bold-faced	Having a conspicuous or heavy face.
Boldly	In a bold manner.
Boldness	The state or quality of being bold.
Boldo	Alt. of Boldu
Boldu	A fragrant evergreen shrub of Chili (Peumus Boldus). The bark is used in tanning, the wood for making charcoal, the leaves in medicine, and the drupes are eaten.
Bole	The trunk or stem of a tree, or that which is like it.
Bole	An aperture, with a wooden shutter, in the wall of a house, for giving, occasionally, air or light; also, a small closet.
Bole	A measure. See Boll, n., 2.
Bole	Any one of several varieties of friable earthy clay, usually colored more or less strongly red by oxide of iron, and used to color and adulterate various substances. It was formerly used in medicine. It is composed essentially of hydrous silicates of alumina, or more rarely of magnesia. See Clay, and Terra alba.
Bole	A bolus; a dose.
Bolection	A projecting molding round a panel. Same as Bilection.
Bolero	A Spanish dance, or the lively music which accompanies it.
bolete	any fungus of the family Boletaceae.
Boletic	Pertaining to, or obtained from, the Boletus.
Boletus	A genus of fungi having the under side of the pileus or cap composed of a multitude of fine separate tubes. A few are edible, and others very poisonous.
Boley	Alt. of Bolye
Bolye	Same as Booly.
Bolide	A kind of bright meteor; a bolis.
Bolis	A meteor or brilliant shooting star, followed by a train of light or sparks; esp. one which explodes.
Bolivian	Of or pertaining to Bolivia.
Bolivian	A native of Bolivia.
Boll	The pod or capsule of a plant, as of flax or cotton; a pericarp of a globular form.
Boll	A Scotch measure, formerly in use: for wheat and beans it contained four Winchester bushels; for oats, barley, and potatoes, six bushels. A boll of meal is 140 lbs. avoirdupois. Also, a measure for salt of two bushels.
Bolled	of Boll
Boll	To form a boll or seed vessel; to go to seed.
Bollandists	The Jesuit editors of the "Acta Sanctorum", or Lives of the Saints; -- named from John Bolland, who began the work.
Bollard	An upright wooden or iron post in a boat or on a dock, used in veering or fastening ropes.
Bollen	See Boln, a.
Bolling	A tree from which the branches have been cut; a pollard.
Bollworm	The larva of a moth (Heliothis armigera) which devours the bolls or unripe pods of the cotton plant, often doing great damage to the crops.
Boln	To swell; to puff.
Boln	Alt. of Bollen
Bollen	Swollen; puffed out.
Bologna	A city of Italy which has given its name to various objects.
Bologna	A Bologna sausage.
Bolognese	Of or pertaining to Bologna.
Bolognese	A native of Bologna.
Bolognian	Bolognese.
Bolometer	An instrument for measuring minute quantities of radiant heat, especially in different parts of the spectrum; -- called also actinic balance, thermic balance.
Bolster	A long pillow or cushion, used to support the head of a person lying on a bed; -- generally laid under the pillows.
Bolster	A pad, quilt, or anything used to hinder pressure, support any part of the body, or make a bandage sit easy upon a wounded part; a compress.
Bolster	Anything arranged to act as a support, as in various forms of mechanism, etc.
Bolster	A cushioned or a piece part of a saddle.
Bolster	A cushioned or a piece of soft wood covered with tarred canvas, placed on the trestletrees and against the mast, for the collars of the shrouds to rest on, to prevent chafing.
Bolster	Anything used to prevent chafing.
Bolster	A plate of iron or a mass of wood under the end of a bridge girder, to keep the girder from resting directly on the abutment.
Bolster	A transverse bar above the axle of a wagon, on which the bed or body rests.
Bolster	The crossbeam forming the bearing piece of the body of a railway car; the central and principal cross beam of a car truck.
Bolster	the perforated plate in a punching machine on which anything rests when being punched.
Bolster	That part of a knife blade which abuts upon the end of the handle.
Bolster	The metallic end of a pocketknife handle.
Bolster	The rolls forming the ends or sides of the Ionic capital.
Bolster	A block of wood on the carriage of a siege gun, upon which the breech of the gun rests when arranged for transportation.
Bolstered	of Bolster
Bolstering	of Bolster
Bolster	To support with a bolster or pillow.
Bolster	To support, hold up, or maintain with difficulty or unusual effort; -- often with up.
Bolstered	Supported; upheld.
Bolstered	Swelled out.
Bolsterer	A supporter.
Bolt	A shaft or missile intended to be shot from a crossbow or catapult, esp. a short, stout, blunt-headed arrow; a quarrel; an arrow, or that which resembles an arrow; a dart.
Bolt	Lightning; a thunderbolt.
Bolt	A strong pin, of iron or other material, used to fasten or hold something in place, often having a head at one end and screw thread cut upon the other end.
Bolt	A sliding catch, or fastening, as for a door or gate; the portion of a lock which is shot or withdrawn by the action of the key.
Bolt	An iron to fasten the legs of a prisoner; a shackle; a fetter.
Bolt	A compact package or roll of cloth, as of canvas or silk, often containing about forty yards.
Bolt	A bundle, as of oziers.
Bolted	of Bolt
Bolting	of Bolt
Bolt	To shoot; to discharge or drive forth.
Bolt	To utter precipitately; to blurt or throw out.
Bolt	To swallow without chewing; as, to bolt food.
Bolt	To refuse to support, as a nomination made by a party to which one has belonged or by a caucus in which one has taken part.
Bolt	To cause to start or spring forth; to dislodge, as conies, rabbits, etc.
Bolt	To fasten or secure with, or as with, a bolt or bolts, as a door, a timber, fetters; to shackle; to restrain.
Bolt	To start forth like a bolt or arrow; to spring abruptly; to come or go suddenly; to dart; as, to bolt out of the room.
Bolt	To strike or fall suddenly like a bolt.
Bolt	To spring suddenly aside, or out of the regular path; as, the horse bolted.
Bolt	To refuse to support a nomination made by a party or a caucus with which one has been connected; to break away from a party.
Bolt	In the manner of a bolt; suddenly; straight; unbendingly.
Bolt	A sudden spring or start; a sudden spring aside; as, the horse made a bolt.
Bolt	A sudden flight, as to escape creditors.
Bolt	A refusal to support a nomination made by the party with which one has been connected; a breaking away from one's party.
Bolted	of Bolt
Bolting	of Bolt
Bolt	To sift or separate the coarser from the finer particles of, as bran from flour, by means of a bolter; to separate, assort, refine, or purify by other means.
Bolt	To separate, as if by sifting or bolting; -- with out.
Bolt	To discuss or argue privately, and for practice, as cases at law.
Bolt	A sieve, esp. a long fine sieve used in milling for bolting flour and meal; a bolter.
Boltel	See Boultel.
Bolter	One who bolts; esp.: (a) A horse which starts suddenly aside. (b) A man who breaks away from his party.
Bolter	One who sifts flour or meal.
Bolter	An instrument or machine for separating bran from flour, or the coarser part of meal from the finer; a sieve.
Bolter	A kind of fishing line. See Boulter.
Bolthead	A long, straight-necked, glass vessel for chemical distillations; -- called also a matrass or receiver.
Bolthead	The head of a bolt.
Bolting	A darting away; a starting off or aside.
Bolting	A sifting, as of flour or meal.
Bolting	A private arguing of cases for practice by students, as in the Inns of Court.
Boltonite	A granular mineral of a grayish or yellowish color, found in Bolton, Massachusetts. It is a silicate of magnesium, belonging to the chrysolite family.
Boltrope	A rope stitched to the edges of a sail to strengthen the sail.
Boltsprit	See Bowsprit.
Bolty	An edible fish of the Nile (genus Chromis).
Boluses	of Bolus
Bolus	A rounded mass of anything, esp. a large pill.
Bom	A large American serpent, so called from the sound it makes.
Bomb	A great noise; a hollow sound.
Bomb	A shell; esp. a spherical shell, like those fired from mortars. See Shell.
Bomb	A bomb ketch.
Bomb	To bombard.
Bomb	To sound; to boom; to make a humming or buzzing sound.
Bombace	Cotton; padding.
Bombard	A piece of heavy ordnance formerly used for throwing stones and other ponderous missiles. It was the earliest kind of cannon.
Bombard	A bombardment.
Bombard	A large drinking vessel or can, or a leather bottle, for carrying liquor or beer.
Bombard	Padded breeches.
Bombard	See Bombardo.
Bombarded	of Bombard
Bombarding	of Bombard
Bombard	To attack with bombards or with artillery; especially, to throw shells, hot shot, etc., at or into.
Bombardier	One who used or managed a bombard; an artilleryman; a gunner.
Bombardier	A noncommissioned officer in the British artillery.
Bombardman	One who carried liquor or beer in a can or bombard.
Bombardment	An attack upon a fortress or fortified town, with shells, hot shot, rockets, etc.; the act of throwing bombs and shot into a town or fortified place.
Bombardo	Alt. of Bombardon
Bombardon	Originally, a deep-toned instrument of the oboe or bassoon family; thence, a bass reed stop on the organ. The name bombardon is now given to a brass instrument, the lowest of the saxhorns, in tone resembling the ophicleide.
Bombasine	Same as Bombazine.
Bombast	Originally, cotton, or cotton wool.
Bombast	Cotton, or any soft, fibrous material, used as stuffing for garments; stuffing; padding.
Bombast	Fig.: High-sounding words; an inflated style; language above the dignity of the occasion; fustian.
Bombast	High-sounding; inflated; big without meaning; magniloquent; bombastic.
Bombast	To swell or fill out; to pad; to inflate.
Bombastic	Alt. of Bombastical
Bombastical	Characterized by bombast; high-sounding; inflated.
Bombastry	Swelling words without much meaning; bombastic language; fustian.
Bombax	A genus of trees, called also the silkcotton tree; also, a tree of the genus Bombax.
Bombazet Bombazette	A sort of thin woolen cloth. It is of various colors, and may be plain or twilled.
Bombazine	A twilled fabric for dresses, of which the warp is silk, and the weft worsted. Black bombazine has been much used for mourning garments.
Bombic	Pertaining to, or obtained from, the silkworm; as, bombic acid.
Bombilate	To hum; to buzz.
Bombilation	A humming sound; a booming.
Bombinate	To hum; to boom.
Bombination	A humming or buzzing.
Bomboloes	of Bombolo
Bombolo	A thin spheroidal glass retort or flask, used in the sublimation of camphor.
Bombproof	Secure against the explosive force of bombs.
Bombproof	A structure which heavy shot and shell will not penetrate.
Bombshell	A bomb. See Bomb, n.
Bombycid	Like or pertaining to the genus Bombyx, or the family Bombycidae.
Bombycinous	Silken; made of silk.
Bombycinous	Being of the color of the silkworm; transparent with a yellow tint.
Bombylious	Buzzing, like a bumblebee; as, the bombylious noise of the horse fly.
Bombyx	A genus of moths, which includes the silkworm moth. See Silkworm.
Bon	Good; valid as security for something.
Bon-accord	Good will; good fellowship; agreement.
Bona fide	In or with good faith; without fraud or deceit; real or really; actual or actually; genuine or genuinely; as, you must proceed bona fide; a bona fide purchaser or transaction.
Bonair	Gentle; courteous; complaisant; yielding.
Bonanza	In mining, a rich mine or vein of silver or gold; hence, anything which is a mine of wealth or yields a large income.
Bonapartean	Of or pertaining to Napoleon Bonaparte or his family.
Bonapartism	The policy of Bonaparte or of the Bonapartes.
Bonapartist	One attached to the policy or family of Bonaparte, or of the Bonapartes.
Bona peritura	Perishable goods.
Bona roba	A showy wanton; a courtesan.
Bonasus	Alt. of Bonassus
Bonassus	The aurochs or European bison. See Aurochs.
Bonbon	Sugar confectionery; a sugarplum; hence, any dainty.
Bonce	A boy's game played with large marbles.
Bonchretien	A name given to several kinds of pears. See Bartlett.
Boncilate	A substance composed of ground bone, mineral matters, etc., hardened by pressure, and used for making billiard balls, boxes, etc.
Bond	That which binds, ties, fastens, or confines, or by which anything is fastened or bound, as a cord, chain, etc.; a band; a ligament; a shackle or a manacle.
Bond	The state of being bound; imprisonment; captivity, restraint.
Bond	A binding force or influence; a cause of union; a uniting tie; as, the bonds of fellowship.
Bond	Moral or political duty or obligation.
Bond	A writing under seal, by which a person binds himself, his heirs, executors, and administrators, to pay a certain sum on or before a future day appointed. This is a single bond. But usually a condition is added, that, if the obligor shall do a certain act, appear at a certain place, conform to certain rules, faithfully perform certain duties, or pay a certain sum of money, on or before a time specified, the obligation shall be void; otherwise it shall remain in full force. If the condition is not performed, the bond becomes forfeited, and the obligor and his heirs are liable to the payment of the whole sum.
Bond	An instrument (of the nature of the ordinary legal bond) made by a government or a corporation for purpose of borrowing money; as, a government, city, or railway bond.
Bond	The state of goods placed in a bonded warehouse till the duties are paid; as, merchandise in bond.
Bond	The union or tie of the several stones or bricks forming a wall. The bricks may be arranged for this purpose in several different ways, as in English or block bond (Fig. 1), where one course consists of bricks with their ends toward the face of the wall, called headers, and the next course of bricks with their lengths parallel to the face of the wall, called stretchers; Flemish bond (Fig.2), where each course consists of headers and stretchers alternately, so laid as always to break joints; Cross bond, which differs from the English by the change of the second stretcher line so that its joints come in the middle of the first, and the same position of stretchers comes back every fifth line; Combined cross and English bond, where the inner part of the wall is laid in the one method, the outer in the other.
Bond	A unit of chemical attraction; as, oxygen has two bonds of affinity. It is often represented in graphic formulae by a short line or dash. See Diagram of Benzene nucleus, and Valence.
Bonded	of Bond
Bonding	of Bond
Bond	To place under the conditions of a bond; to mortgage; to secure the payment of the duties on (goods or merchandise) by giving a bond.
Bond	To dispose in building, as the materials of a wall, so as to secure solidity.
Bond	A vassal or serf; a slave.
Bond	In a state of servitude or slavery; captive.
Bondage	The state of being bound; condition of being under restraint; restraint of personal liberty by compulsion; involuntary servitude; slavery; captivity.
Bondage	Obligation; tie of duty.
Bondage	Villenage; tenure of land on condition of doing the meanest services for the owner.
Bondager	A field worker, esp. a woman who works in the field.
Bondar	A small quadruped of Bengal (Paradoxurus bondar), allied to the genet; -- called also musk cat.
Bonded	Placed under, or covered by, a bond, as for the payment of duties, or for conformity to certain regulations.
Bonder	One who places goods under bond or in a bonded warehouse.
Bonder	A bonding stone or brick; a bondstone.
Bonder	A freeholder on a small scale.
Bondholder	A person who holds the bonds of a public or private corporation for the payment of money at a certain time.
Bondmaid	A female slave, or one bound to service without wages, as distinguished from a hired servant.
Bondmen	of Bondman
Bondman	A man slave, or one bound to service without wages.
Bondman	A villain, or tenant in villenage.
Bond servant	A slave; one who is bound to service without wages.
Bond service	The condition of a bond servant; service without wages; slavery.
Bondslave	A person in a state of slavery; one whose person and liberty are subjected to the authority of a master.
Bondsmen	of Bondsman
Bondsman	A slave; a villain; a serf; a bondman.
Bondsman	A surety; one who is bound, or who gives security, for another.
Bondstone	A stone running through a wall from one face to another, to bind it together; a binding stone.
Bondswoman	See Bondwoman.
Bonduc	See Nicker tree.
Bondwomen	of Bondwoman
Bondwoman	A woman who is a slave, or in bondage.
Bone	The hard, calcified tissue of the skeleton of vertebrate animals, consisting very largely of calcic carbonate, calcic phosphate, and gelatine; as, blood and bone.
Bone	One of the pieces or parts of an animal skeleton; as, a rib or a thigh bone; a bone of the arm or leg; also, any fragment of bony substance. (pl.) The frame or skeleton of the body.
Bone	Anything made of bone, as a bobbin for weaving bone lace.
Bone	Two or four pieces of bone held between the fingers and struck together to make a kind of music.
Bone	Dice.
Bone	Whalebone; hence, a piece of whalebone or of steel for a corset.
Bone	Fig.: The framework of anything.
Boned	of Bone
Boning	of Bone
Bone	To withdraw bones from the flesh of, as in cookery.
Bone	To put whalebone into; as, to bone stays.
Bone	To fertilize with bone.
Bone	To steal; to take possession of.
Bone	To sight along an object or set of objects, to see if it or they be level or in line, as in carpentry, masonry, and surveying.
Boneache	Pain in the bones.
Boneblack	See Bone black, under Bone, n.
Boned	Having (such) bones; -- used in composition; as, big-boned; strong-boned.
Boned	Deprived of bones; as, boned turkey or codfish.
Boned	Manured with bone; as, boned land.
Bonedog	The spiny dogfish.
Bonefish	See Ladyfish.
Boneless	Without bones.
Boneset	A medicinal plant, the thoroughwort (Eupatorium perfoliatum). Its properties are diaphoretic and tonic.
Bonesetter	One who sets broken or dislocated bones; -- commonly applied to one, not a regular surgeon, who makes an occupation of setting bones.
Boneshaw	Sciatica.
Bonetta	See Bonito.
Bonfire	A large fire built in the open air, as an expression of public joy and exultation, or for amusement.
Bongrace	A projecting bonnet or shade to protect the complexion; also, a wide-brimmed hat.
Bonhomie	Alt. of Bonhommie
Bonhommie	good nature; pleasant and easy manner.
Bonibell	See Bonnibel.
Boniface	An innkeeper.
Boniform	Sensitive or responsive to moral excellence.
Bonify	To convert into, or make, good.
Boniness	The condition or quality of being bony.
Boning	The clearing of bones from fish or meat.
Boning	The manuring of land with bones.
Boning	A method of leveling a line or surface by sighting along the tops of two or more straight edges, or a range of properly spaced poles. See 3d Bone, v. t.
Bonitary	Beneficial, as opposed to statutory or civil; as, bonitary dominion of land.
Bonitoes	of Bonito
Bonito	A large tropical fish (Orcynus pelamys) allied to the tunny.  It is about three feet long, blue above, with four brown stripes on the sides. It is sometimes found on the American coast.
Bonito	The skipjack (Sarda Mediterranea) of the Atlantic, an important and abundant food fish on the coast of the United States, and (S. Chilensis) of the Pacific, and other related species. They are large and active fishes, of a blue color with black oblique stripes.
Bonito	The medregal (Seriola fasciata), an edible fish of the southern of the United States and the West Indies.
Bonito	The cobia or crab eater (Elacate canada), an edible fish of the Middle and Southern United States.
Bonsmots	of Bonmot
Bonmot	A witty repartee; a jest.
Bonne	A female servant charged with the care of a young child.
Bonnes bouches	of Bonne bouche
Bonne bouche	A delicious morsel or mouthful; a tidbit.
Bonnet	A headdress for men and boys; a cap.
Bonnet	A soft, elastic, very durable cap, made of thick, seamless woolen stuff, and worn by men in Scotland.
Bonnet	A covering for the head, worn by women, usually protecting more or less the back and sides of the head, but no part of the forehead. The shape of the bonnet varies greatly at different times; formerly the front part projected, and spread outward, like the mouth of a funnel.
Bonnet	Anything resembling a bonnet in shape or use
Bonnet	A small defense work at a salient angle; or a part of a parapet elevated to screen the other part from enfilade fire.
Bonnet	A metallic canopy, or projection, over an opening, as a fireplace, or a cowl or hood to increase the draught of a chimney, etc.
Bonnet	A frame of wire netting over a locomotive chimney, to prevent escape of sparks.
Bonnet	A roofing over the cage of a mine, to protect its occupants from objects falling down the shaft.
Bonnet	In pumps, a metal covering for the openings in the valve chambers.
Bonnet	An additional piece of canvas laced to the foot of a jib or foresail in moderate winds.
Bonnet	The second stomach of a ruminating animal.
Bonnet	An accomplice of a gambler, auctioneer, etc., who entices others to bet or to bid; a decoy.
Bonnet	To take off the bonnet or cap as a mark of respect; to uncover.
Bonneted	Wearing a bonnet.
Bonneted	Protected by a bonnet. See Bonnet, 4 (a).
Bonnetless	Without a bonnet.
Bonnibel	A handsome girl.
Bonnie	See Bonny, a.
Bonnilass	A "bonny lass"; a beautiful girl.
Bonnily	Gayly; handsomely.
Bonniness	The quality of being bonny; gayety; handsomeness.
Bonny	Handsome; beautiful; pretty; attractively lively and graceful.
Bonny	Gay; merry; frolicsome; cheerful; blithe.
Bonny	A round and compact bed of ore, or a distinct bed, not communicating with a vein.
Bonnyclabber	Coagulated sour milk; loppered milk; curdled milk; -- sometimes called simply clabber.
Bon Silene	A very fragrant tea rose with petals of various shades of pink.
Bonspiel	A cur/ing match between clubs.
Bontebok	The pied antelope of South Africa (Alcelaphus pygarga). Its face and rump are white. Called also nunni.
Bon ton	The height of the fashion; fashionable society.
Bonuses	of Bonus
Bonus	A premium given for a loan, or for a charter or other privilege granted to a company; as the bank paid a bonus for its charter.
Bonus	An extra dividend to the shareholders of a joint stock company, out of accumulated profits.
Bonus	Money paid in addition to a stated compensation.
Bons vivants	of Bon vivant
Bon vivant	A good fellow; a jovial companion; a free liver.
Bony	Consisting of bone, or of bones; full of bones; pertaining to bones.
Bony	Having large or prominent bones.
Bonze	A Buddhist or Fohist priest, monk, or nun.
Boobies	of Booby
Booby	A dunce; a stupid fellow.
Booby	A swimming bird (Sula fiber or S. sula) related to the common gannet, and found in the West Indies, nesting on the bare rocks. It is so called on account of its apparent stupidity. The name is also sometimes applied to other species of gannets; as, S. piscator, the red-footed booby.
Booby	A species of penguin of the antarctic seas.
Booby	Having the characteristics of a booby; stupid.
Boobyish	Stupid; dull.
Boodh	Same as Buddha.
Boodhism	Same as Buddhism.
Boodhist	Same as Buddhist.
Boodle	The whole collection or lot; caboodle.
Boodle	Money given in payment for votes or political influence; bribe money; swag.
Boohooed	of Boohoe
Boohooing	of Boohoe
Boohoe	To bawl; to cry loudly.
Boohoo	The sailfish; -- called also woohoo.
Book	A collection of sheets of paper, or similar material, blank, written, or printed, bound together; commonly, many folded and bound sheets containing continuous printing or writing.
Book	A composition, written or printed; a treatise.
Book	A part or subdivision of a treatise or literary work; as, the tenth book of "Paradise Lost."
Book	A volume or collection of sheets in which accounts are kept; a register of debts and credits, receipts and expenditures, etc.
Book	Six tricks taken by one side, in the game of whist; in certain other games, two or more corresponding cards, forming a set.
Booked	of Book
Booking	of Book
Book	To enter, write, or register in a book or list.
Book	To enter the name of (any one) in a book for the purpose of securing a passage, conveyance, or seat; as, to be booked for Southampton; to book a seat in a theater.
Book	To mark out for; to destine or assign for; as, he is booked for the valedictory.
Bookbinder	One whose occupation is to bind books.
Bookbindery	A bookbinder's shop; a place or establishment for binding books.
Bookbinding	The art, process, or business of binding books.
Bookcase	A case with shelves for holding books, esp. one with glazed doors.
Bookcraft	Authorship; literary skill.
Booked	Registered.
Booked	On the way; destined.
Booker	One who enters accounts or names, etc., in a book; a bookkeeper.
Bookful	As much as will fill a book; a book full.
Bookful	Filled with book learning.
Bookholder	A prompter at a theater.
Bookholder	A support for a book, holding it open, while one reads or copies from it.
Booking clerk	A clerk who registers passengers, baggage, etc., for conveyance, as by railway or steamship, or who sells passage tickets at a booking office.
Booking office	An office where passengers, baggage, etc., are registered for conveyance, as by railway or steamship.
Booking office	An office where passage tickets are sold.
Bookish	Given to reading; fond of study; better acquainted with books than with men; learned from books.
Bookish	Characterized by a method of expression generally found in books; formal; labored; pedantic; as, a bookish way of talking; bookish sentences.
Bookkeeper	One who keeps accounts; one who has the charge of keeping the books and accounts in an office.
Bookkeeping	The art of recording pecuniary or business transactions in a regular and systematic manner, so as to show their relation to each other, and the state of the business in which they occur; the art of keeping accounts. The books commonly used are a daybook, cashbook, journal, and ledger. See Daybook, Cashbook, Journal, and Ledger.
Bookland	Alt. of Bockland
Bockland	Charter land held by deed under certain rents and free services, which differed in nothing from free socage lands. This species of tenure has given rise to the modern freeholds.
Book-learned	Versed in books; having knowledge derived from books.
Bookless	Without books; unlearned.
Booklet	A little book.
Bookmaker	One who writes and publishes books; especially, one who gathers his materials from other books; a compiler.
Bookmaker	A betting man who "makes a book."  See To make a book, under Book, n.
Bookmen	of Bookman
Bookman	A studious man; a scholar.
Bookmark	Something placed in a book to guide in finding a particular page or passage; also, a label in a book to designate the owner; a bookplate.
Bookmate	A schoolfellow; an associate in study.
Bookmonger	A dealer in books.
Book muslin	A kind of muslin used for the covers of books.
Book muslin	A kind of thin white muslin for ladies' dresses.
Bookplate	A label, placed upon or in a book, showing its ownership or its position in a library.
Bookseller	One who sells books.
Bookselling	The employment of selling books.
Bookshelves	of Bookshelf
Bookshelf	A shelf to hold books.
Bookshop	A bookseller's shop.
Bookstall	A stall or stand where books are sold.
Bookstand	A place or stand for the sale of books in the streets; a bookstall.
Bookstand	A stand to hold books for reading or reference.
Bookstore	A store where books are kept for sale; -- called in England a bookseller's shop.
Bookwork	Work done upon a book or books (as in a printing office), in distinction from newspaper or job work.
Bookwork	Study; application to books.
Bookworm	Any larva of a beetle or moth, which is injurious to books. Many species are known.
Bookworm	A student closely attached to books or addicted to study; a reader without appreciation.
Booky	Bookish.
Boolies	of Booly
Booly	A company of Irish herdsmen, or a single herdsman, wandering from place to place with flocks and herds, and living on their milk, like the Tartars; also, a place in the mountain pastures inclosed for the shelter of cattle or their keepers.
Boom	A long pole or spar, run out for the purpose of extending the bottom of a particular sail; as, the jib boom, the studding-sail boom, etc.
Boom	A long spar or beam, projecting from the mast of a derrick, from the outer end of which the body to be lifted is suspended.
Boom	A pole with a conspicuous top, set up to mark the channel in a river or harbor.
Boom	A strong chain cable, or line of spars bound together, extended across a river or the mouth of a harbor, to obstruct navigation or passage.
Boom	A line of connected floating timbers stretched across a river, or inclosing an area of water, to keep saw logs, etc., from floating away.
Boom	To extend, or push, with a boom or pole; as, to boom out a sail; to boom off a boat.
Boomed	of Boom
Booming	of Boom
Boom	To cry with a hollow note; to make a hollow sound, as the bittern, and some insects.
Boom	To make a hollow sound, as of waves or cannon.
Boom	To rush with violence and noise, as a ship under a press of sail, before a free wind.
Boom	To have a rapid growth in market value or in popular favor; to go on rushingly.
Boom	A hollow roar, as of waves or cannon; also, the hollow cry of the bittern; a booming.
Boom	A strong and extensive advance, with more or less noisy excitement; -- applied colloquially or humorously to market prices, the demand for stocks or commodities and to political chances of aspirants to office; as, a boom in the stock market; a boom in coffee.
Boom	To cause to advance rapidly in price; as, to boom railroad or mining shares; to create a "boom" for; as to boom Mr. C. for senator.
Boomdas	A small African hyracoid mammal (Dendrohyrax arboreus) resembling the daman.
Boomer	One who, or that which, booms.
Boomer	A North American rodent, so named because it is said to make a booming noise. See Sewellel.
Boomer	A large male kangaroo.
Boomer	One who works up a "boom".
Boomerang	A very singular missile weapon used by the natives of Australia and in some parts of India. It is usually a curved stick of hard wood, from twenty to thirty inches in length, from two to three inches wide, and half or three quarters of an inch thick. When thrown from the hand with a quick rotary motion, it describes very remarkable curves, according to the shape of the instrument and the manner of throwing it, often moving nearly horizontally a long distance, then curving upward to a considerable height, and finally taking a retrograde direction, so as to fall near the place from which it was thrown, or even far in the rear of it.
Booming	Rushing with violence; swelling with a hollow sound; making a hollow sound or note; roaring; resounding.
Booming	Advancing or increasing amid noisy excitement; as, booming prices; booming popularity.
Booming	The act of producing a hollow or roaring sound; a violent rushing with heavy roar; as, the booming of the sea; a deep, hollow sound; as, the booming of bitterns.
Boomkin	Same as Bumkin.
Boomorah	A small West African chevrotain (Hyaemoschus aquaticus), resembling the musk deer.
Boomslange	A large South African tree snake (Bucephalus Capensis). Although considered venomous by natives, it has no poison fangs.
Boon	A prayer or petition.
Boon	That which is asked or granted as a benefit or favor; a gift; a benefaction; a grant; a present.
Boon	Good; prosperous; as, boon voyage.
Boon	Kind; bountiful; benign.
Boon	Gay; merry; jovial; convivial.
Boon	The woody portion flax, which is separated from the fiber as refuse matter by retting, braking, and scutching.
Boor	A husbandman; a peasant; a rustic; esp. a clownish or unrefined countryman.
Boor	A Dutch, German, or Russian peasant; esp. a Dutch colonist in South Africa, Guiana, etc.: a boer.
Boor	A rude ill-bred person; one who is clownish in manners.
Boorish	Like a boor; clownish; uncultured; unmannerly.
Boort	See Bort.
Boose	A stall or a crib for an ox, cow, or other animal.
Boose	To drink excessively. See Booze.
Booser	A toper; a guzzler. See Boozer.
Boosted	of Boost
Boosting	of Boost
Boost	To lift or push from behind (one who is endeavoring to climb); to push up; hence, to assist in overcoming obstacles, or in making advancement.
Boost	A push from behind, as to one who is endeavoring to climb; help.
Boot	Remedy; relief; amends; reparation; hence, one who brings relief.
Boot	That which is given to make an exchange equal, or to make up for the deficiency of value in one of the things exchanged.
Boot	Profit; gain; advantage; use.
Booted	of Boot
Booting	of Boot
Boot	To profit; to advantage; to avail; -- generally followed by it; as, what boots it?
Boot	To enrich; to benefit; to give in addition.
Boot	A covering for the foot and lower part of the leg, ordinarily made of leather.
Boot	An instrument of torture for the leg, formerly used to extort confessions, particularly in Scotland.
Boot	A place at the side of a coach, where attendants rode; also, a low outside place before and behind the body of the coach.
Boot	A place for baggage at either end of an old-fashioned stagecoach.
Boot	An apron or cover (of leather or rubber cloth) for the driving seat of a vehicle, to protect from rain and mud.
Boot	The metal casing and flange fitted about a pipe where it passes through a roof.
Booted	of Boot
Booting	of Boot
Boot	To put boots on, esp. for riding.
Boot	To punish by kicking with a booted foot.
Boot	To boot one's self; to put on one's boots.
Boot	Booty; spoil.
Bootblack	One who blacks boots.
Booted	Wearing boots, especially boots with long tops, as for riding; as, a booted squire.
Booted	Having an undivided, horny, bootlike covering; -- said of the tarsus of some birds.
Bootee	A half boot or short boot.
Bootes	A northern constellation, containing the bright star Arcturus.
Booth	A house or shed built of boards, boughs, or other slight materials, for temporary occupation.
Booth	A covered stall or temporary structure in a fair or market, or at a polling place.
Boothale	To forage for booty; to plunder.
Boothose	Stocking hose, or spatterdashes, in lieu of boots.
Boothose	Hose made to be worn with boots, as by travelers on horseback.
Boothy	See Bothy.
Bootikin	A little boot, legging, or gaiter.
Bootikin	A covering for the foot or hand, worn as a cure for the gout.
Booting	Advantage; gain; gain by plunder; booty.
Booting	A kind of torture. See Boot, n., 2.
Booting	A kicking, as with a booted foot.
Bootjack	A device for pulling off boots.
Bootless	Unavailing; unprofitable; useless; without advantage or success.
Bootlick	A toady.
Bootmaker	One who makes boots.
Boots	A servant at a hotel or elsewhere, who cleans and blacks the boots and shoes.
Boottopping	The act or process of daubing a vessel's bottom near the surface of the water with a mixture of tallow, sulphur, and resin, as a temporary protection against worms, after the slime, shells, etc., have been scraped off.
Boottopping	Sheathing a vessel with planking over felt.
Boottree	An instrument to stretch and widen the leg of a boot, consisting of two pieces, together shaped like a leg, between which, when put into the boot, a wedge is driven.
Booty	That which is seized by violence or obtained by robbery, especially collective spoil taken in war; plunder; pillage.
Boozed	of Booze
Boozing	of Booze
Booze	To drink greedily or immoderately, esp. alcoholic liquor; to tipple.
Booze	A carouse; a drinking.
Boozer	One who boozes; a toper; a guzzler of alcoholic liquors; a bouser.
Boozy	A little intoxicated; fuddled; stupid with liquor; bousy.
Bopeep	The act of looking out suddenly, as from behind a screen, so as to startle some one (as by children in play), or of looking out and drawing suddenly back, as if frightened.
Borable	Capable of being bored.
Borachte	A large leather bottle for liquors, etc., made of the skin of a goat or other animal. Hence: A drunkard.
Boracic	Pertaining to, or produced from, borax; containing boron; boric; as, boracic acid.
Boracite	A mineral of a white or gray color occurring massive and in isometric crystals; in composition it is a magnesium borate with magnesium chloride.
Boracous	Relating to, or obtained from, borax; containing borax.
Borage	A mucilaginous plant of the genus Borago (B. officinalis), which is used, esp. in France, as a demulcent and diaphoretic.
Boragewort	Plant of the Borage family.
Boraginaceous	Of, pertaining to, or resembling, a family of plants (Boraginaceae) which includes the borage, heliotrope, beggar's lice, and many pestiferous plants.
Boragineous	Relating to the Borage tribe; boraginaceous.
Boramez	See Barometz.
Borate	A salt formed by the combination of boric acid with a base or positive radical.
Borax	A white or gray crystalline salt, with a slight alkaline taste, used as a flux, in soldering metals, making enamels, fixing colors on porcelain, and as a soap. It occurs native in certain mineral springs, and is made from the boric acid of hot springs in Tuscany. It was originally obtained from a lake in Thibet, and was sent to Europe under the name of tincal. Borax is a pyroborate or tetraborate of sodium, Na2B4O7.10H2O.
Borborygm	A rumbling or gurgling noise produced by wind in the bowels.
Bord	A board; a table.
Bord	The face of coal parallel to the natural fissures.
Bord	See Bourd.
Bordage	The base or servile tenure by which a bordar held his cottage.
Bordar	A villein who rendered menial service for his cottage; a cottier.
Bordeaux	Pertaining to Bordeaux in the south of France.
Bordeaux	A claret wine from Bordeaux.
Bordel	Alt. of Bordello
Bordello	A brothel; a bawdyhouse; a house devoted to prostitution.
Bordelais	Of or pertaining to Bordeaux, in France, or to the district around Bordeaux.
Bordeller	A keeper or a frequenter of a brothel.
Border	The outer part or edge of anything, as of a garment, a garden, etc.; margin; verge; brink.
Border	A boundary; a frontier of a state or of the settled part of a country; a frontier district.
Border	A strip or stripe arranged along or near the edge of something, as an ornament or finish.
Border	A narrow flower bed.
Bordered	of Border
Bordering	of Border
Border	To touch at the edge or boundary; to be contiguous or adjacent; -- with on or upon as, Connecticut borders on Massachusetts.
Border	To approach; to come near to; to verge.
Border	To make a border for; to furnish with a border, as for ornament; as, to border a garment or a garden.
Border	To be, or to have, contiguous to; to touch, or be touched, as by a border; to be, or to have, near the limits or boundary; as, the region borders a forest, or is bordered on the north by a forest.
Border	To confine within bounds; to limit.
Borderer	One who dwells on a border, or at the extreme part or confines of a country, region, or tract of land; one who dwells near to a place or region.
Bordland	Either land held by a bordar, or the land which a lord kept for the maintenance of his board, or table.
Bordlode	The service formerly required of a tenant, to carry timber from the woods to the lord's house.
Bordman	A bordar; a tenant in bordage.
Bordrag	Alt. of Bordraging
Bordraging	An incursion upon the borders of a country; a raid.
Bord service	Service due from a bordar; bordage.
Bordure	A border one fifth the width of the shield, surrounding the field. It is usually plain, but may be charged.
Bored	of Bore
Boring	of Bore
Bore	To perforate or penetrate, as a solid body, by turning an auger, gimlet, drill, or other instrument; to make a round hole in or through; to pierce; as, to bore a plank.
Bore	To form or enlarge by means of a boring instrument or apparatus; as, to bore a steam cylinder or a gun barrel; to bore a hole.
Bore	To make (a passage) by laborious effort, as in boring; as, to bore one's way through a crowd; to force a narrow and difficult passage through.
Bore	To weary by tedious iteration or by dullness; to tire; to trouble; to vex; to annoy; to pester.
Bore	To befool; to trick.
Bore	To make a hole or perforation with, or as with, a boring instrument; to cut a circular hole by the rotary motion of a tool; as, to bore for water or oil (i. e., to sink a well by boring for water or oil); to bore with a gimlet; to bore into a tree (as insects).
Bore	To be pierced or penetrated by an instrument that cuts as it turns; as, this timber does not bore well, or is hard to bore.
Bore	To push forward in a certain direction with laborious effort.
Bore	To shoot out the nose or toss it in the air; -- said of a horse.
Bore	A hole made by boring; a perforation.
Bore	The internal cylindrical cavity of a gun, cannon, pistol, or other firearm, or of a pipe or tube.
Bore	The size of a hole; the interior diameter of a tube or gun barrel; the caliber.
Bore	A tool for making a hole by boring, as an auger.
Bore	Caliber; importance.
Bore	A person or thing that wearies by prolixity or dullness; a tiresome person or affair; any person or thing which causes ennui.
Bore	A tidal flood which regularly or occasionally rushes into certain rivers of peculiar configuration or location, in one or more waves which present a very abrupt front of considerable height, dangerous to shipping, as at the mouth of the Amazon, in South America, the Hoogly and Indus, in India, and the Tsien-tang, in China.
Bore	Less properly, a very high and rapid tidal flow, when not so abrupt, such as occurs at the Bay of Fundy and in the British Channel.
Bore	imp. of 1st & 2d Bear.
Boreal	Northern; pertaining to the north, or to the north wind; as, a boreal bird; a boreal blast.
Boreas	The north wind; -- usually a personification.
Borecole	A brassicaceous plant of many varieties, cultivated for its leaves, which are not formed into a compact head like the cabbage, but are loose, and are generally curled or wrinkled; kale.
Boredom	The state of being bored, or pestered; a state of ennui.
Boredom	The realm of bores; bores, collectively.
Boree	Same as BourrEe.
Borel	See Borrel.
Borele	The smaller two-horned rhinoceros of South Africa (Atelodus bicornis).
Borer	One that bores; an instrument for boring.
Borer	A marine, bivalve mollusk, of the genus Teredo and allies, which burrows in wood. See Teredo.
Borer	Any bivalve mollusk (Saxicava, Lithodomus, etc.) which bores into limestone and similar substances.
Borer	One of the larvae of many species of insects, which penetrate trees, as the apple, peach, pine, etc. See Apple borer, under Apple.
Borer	The hagfish (Myxine).
Boric	Of, pertaining to, or containing, boron.
Boride	A binary compound of boron with a more positive or basic element or radical; -- formerly called boruret.
Boring	The act or process of one who, or that which, bores; as, the boring of cannon; the boring of piles and ship timbers by certain marine mollusks.
Boring	A hole made by boring.
Boring	The chips or fragments made by boring.
Born	Brought forth, as an animal; brought into life; introduced by birth.
Born	Having from birth a certain character; by or from birth; by nature; innate; as, a born liar.
Borne	Carried; conveyed; supported; defrayed. See Bear, v. t.
Borneol	A rare variety of camphor, C10H17.OH, resembling ordinary camphor, from which it can be produced by reduction. It is said to occur in the camphor tree of Borneo and Sumatra (Dryobalanops camphora), but the natural borneol is rarely found in European or American commerce, being in great request by the Chinese. Called also Borneo camphor, Malay camphor, and camphol.
Bornite	A valuable ore of copper, containing copper, iron, and sulphur; -- also called purple copper ore (or erubescite), in allusion to the colors shown upon the slightly tarnished surface.
Borofluoride	A double fluoride of boron and hydrogen, or some other positive element, or radical; -- called also fluoboride, and formerly fluoborate.
Boroglyceride	A compound of boric acid and glycerin, used as an antiseptic.
Boron	A nonmetallic element occurring abundantly in borax. It is reduced with difficulty to the free state, when it can be obtained in several different forms; viz., as a substance of a deep olive color, in a semimetallic form, and in colorless quadratic crystals similar to the diamond in hardness and other properties. It occurs in nature also in boracite, datolite, tourmaline, and some other minerals. Atomic weight 10.9. Symbol B.
Borosilicate	A double salt of boric and silicic acids, as in the natural minerals tourmaline, datolite, etc.
Borough	In England, an incorporated town that is not a city; also, a town that sends members to parliament; in Scotland, a body corporate, consisting of the inhabitants of a certain district, erected by the sovereign, with a certain jurisdiction; in America, an incorporated town or village, as in Pennsylvania and Connecticut.
Borough	The collective body of citizens or inhabitants of a borough; as, the borough voted to lay a tax.
Borough	An association of men who gave pledges or sureties to the king for the good behavior of each other.
Borough	The pledge or surety thus given.
Borough-English	A custom, as in some ancient boroughs, by which lands and tenements descend to the youngest son, instead of the eldest; or, if the owner have no issue, to the youngest brother.
Boroughhead	See Headborough.
Boroughholder	A headborough; a borsholder.
Boroughmaster	The mayor, governor, or bailiff of a borough.
Boroughmonger	One who buys or sells the parliamentary seats of boroughs.
Boroughmongering	Alt. of Boroughmongery
Boroughmongery	The practices of a boroughmonger.
Borracho	See Borachio.
Borrage	Alt. of Borraginaceous
Borraginaceous	See Borage, n., etc.
Borrel	Coarse woolen cloth; hence, coarse clothing; a garment.
Borrel	A kind of light stuff, of silk and wool.
Borrel	Ignorant, unlearned; belonging to the laity.
Borrowed	of Borrow
Borrowing	of Borrow
Borrow	To receive from another as a loan, with the implied or expressed intention of returning the identical article or its equivalent in kind; -- the opposite of lend.
Borrow	To take (one or more) from the next higher denomination in order to add it to the next lower; -- a term of subtraction when the figure of the subtrahend is larger than the corresponding one of the minuend.
Borrow	To copy or imitate; to adopt; as, to borrow the style, manner, or opinions of another.
Borrow	To feign or counterfeit.
Borrow	To receive; to take; to derive.
Borrow	Something deposited as security; a pledge; a surety; a hostage.
Borrow	The act of borrowing.
Borrower	One who borrows.
Borsholder	The head or chief of a tithing, or borough (see 2d Borough); the headborough; a parish constable.
Bort	Imperfectly crystallized or coarse diamonds, or fragments made in cutting good diamonds which are reduced to powder and used in lapidary work.
Boruret	A boride.
Borwe	Pledge; borrow.
Bos	A genus of ruminant quadrupeds, including the wild and domestic cattle, distinguished by a stout body, hollow horns, and a large fold of skin hanging from the neck.
Bosa	A drink, used in the East. See Boza.
Boscage	A growth of trees or shrubs; underwood; a thicket; thick foliage; a wooded landscape.
Boscage	Food or sustenance for cattle, obtained from bushes and trees; also, a tax on wood.
Bosh	Figure; outline; show.
Bosh	Empty talk; contemptible nonsense; trash; humbug.
Boshes	of Bosh
Bosh	One of the sloping sides of the lower part of a blast furnace; also, one of the hollow iron or brick sides of the bed of a puddling or boiling furnace.
Bosh	The lower part of a blast furnace, which slopes inward, or the widest space at the top of this part.
Bosh	In forging and smelting, a trough in which tools and ingots are cooled.
Boshbok	A kind of antelope. See Bush buck.
Boshvark	The bush hog. See under Bush, a thicket.
Bosjesman	See Bushman.
Bosk	A thicket; a small wood.
Boskage	Same as Boscage.
Bosket	Alt. of Bosquet
Bosquet	A grove; a thicket; shrubbery; an inclosure formed by branches of trees, regularly or irregularly disposed.
Boskiness	Boscage; also, the state or quality of being bosky.
Bosky	Woody or bushy; covered with boscage or thickets.
Bosky	Caused by boscage.
Bosom	The breast of a human being; the part, between the arms, to which anything is pressed when embraced by them.
Bosom	The breast, considered as the seat of the passions, affections, and operations of the mind; consciousness; secret thoughts.
Bosom	Embrace; loving or affectionate inclosure; fold.
Bosom	Any thing or place resembling the breast; a supporting surface; an inner recess; the interior; as, the bosom of the earth.
Bosom	The part of the dress worn upon the breast; an article, or a portion of an article, of dress to be worn upon the breast; as, the bosom of a shirt; a linen bosom.
Bosom	Inclination; desire.
Bosom	A depression round the eye of a millstone.
Bosom	Of or pertaining to the bosom.
Bosom	Intimate; confidential; familiar; trusted; cherished; beloved; as, a bosom friend.
Bosomed	of Bosom
Bosoming	of Bosom
Bosom	To inclose or carry in the bosom; to keep with care; to take to heart; to cherish.
Bosom	To conceal; to hide from view; to embosom.
Bosomed	Having, or resembling, bosom; kept in the bosom; hidden.
Bosomy	Characterized by recesses or sheltered hollows.
Boson	See Boatswain.
Bosporian	Of or pertaining to the Thracian or the Cimmerian Bosporus.
Bosporus	A strait or narrow sea between two seas, or a lake and a seas; as, the Bosporus (formerly the Thracian Bosporus) or Strait of Constantinople, between the Black Sea and Sea of Marmora; the Cimmerian Bosporus, between the Black Sea and Sea of Azof.
Bosquet	See Bosket.
Bosses	of Boss
Boss	Any protuberant part; a round, swelling part or body; a knoblike process; as, a boss of wood.
Boss	A protuberant ornament on any work, either of different material from that of the work or of the same, as upon a buckler or bridle; a stud; a knob; the central projection of a shield. See Umbilicus.
Boss	A projecting ornament placed at the intersection of the ribs of ceilings, whether vaulted or flat, and in other situations.
Boss	A wooden vessel for the mortar used in tiling or masonry, hung by a hook from the laths, or from the rounds of a ladder.
Boss	The enlarged part of a shaft, on which a wheel is keyed, or at the end, where it is coupled to another.
Boss	A swage or die used for shaping metals.
Boss	A head or reservoir of water.
Bossed	of Boss
Bossing	of Boss
Boss	To ornament with bosses; to stud.
Boss	A master workman or superintendent; a director or manager; a political dictator.
Bossage	A stone in a building, left rough and projecting, to be afterward carved into shape.
Bossage	Rustic work, consisting of stones which seem to advance beyond the level of the building, by reason of indentures or channels left in the joinings.
Bossed	Embossed; also, bossy.
Bosset	A rudimental antler of a young male of the red deer.
Bossism	The rule or practices of bosses, esp. political bosses.
Bossy	Ornamented with bosses; studded.
Bossy	A cow or calf; -- familiarly so called.
Boston	A game at cards, played by four persons, with two packs of fifty-two cards each; -- said to be so called from Boston, Massachusetts, and to have been invented by officers of the French army in America during the Revolutionary war.
Boswellian	Relating to, or characteristic of, Boswell, the biographer of Dr. Johnson.
Boswellism	The style of Boswell.
Bot	See Bots.
Botanic	Alt. of Botanical
Botanical	Of or pertaining to botany; relating to the study of plants; as, a botanical system, arrangement, textbook, expedition.
Botanist	One skilled in botany; one versed in the knowledge of plants.
Botanized	of Botanize
Botanizing	of Botanize
Botanize	To seek after plants for botanical investigation; to study plants.
Botanize	To explore for botanical purposes.
Botanizer	One who botanizes.
Botanologer	A botanist.
Botanology	The science of botany.
Botanomancy	An ancient species of divination by means of plants, esp. sage and fig leaves.
Botanies	of Botany
Botany	The science which treats of the structure of plants, the functions of their parts, their places of growth, their classification, and the terms which are employed in their description and denomination. See Plant.
Botany	A book which treats of the science of botany.
Botany Bay	A harbor on the east coast of Australia, and an English convict settlement there; -- so called from the number of new plants found on its shore at its discovery by Cook in 1770.
Botargo	A sort of cake or sausage, made of the salted roes of the mullet, much used on the coast of the Mediterranean as an incentive to drink.
Botches	of Botch
Botch	A swelling on the skin; a large ulcerous affection; a boil; an eruptive disease.
Botch	A patch put on, or a part of a garment patched or mended in a clumsy manner.
Botch	Work done in a bungling manner; a clumsy performance; a piece of work, or a place in work, marred in the doing, or not properly finished; a bungle.
Botched	of Botch
Botching	of Botch
Botch	To mark with, or as with, botches.
Botch	To repair; to mend; esp. to patch in a clumsy or imperfect manner, as a garment; -- sometimes with up.
Botch	To put together unsuitably or unskillfully; to express or perform in a bungling manner; to spoil or mar, as by unskillful work.
Botchedly	In a clumsy manner.
Botcher	One who mends or patches, esp. a tailor or cobbler.
Botcher	A clumsy or careless workman; a bungler.
Botcher	A young salmon; a grilse.
Botcherly	Bungling; awkward.
Botchery	A botching, or that which is done by botching; clumsy or careless workmanship.
Botchy	Marked with botches; full of botches; poorly done.
Bote	Compensation; amends; satisfaction; expiation; as, man bote, a compensation or a man slain.
Bote	Payment of any kind.
Bote	A privilege or allowance of necessaries.
Boteless	Unavailing; in vain. See Bootless.
Botfly	A dipterous insect of the family (Estridae, of many different species, some of which are particularly troublesome to domestic animals, as the horse, ox, and sheep, on which they deposit their eggs. A common species is one of the botflies of the horse (Gastrophilus equi), the larvae of which (bots) are taken into the stomach of the animal, where they live several months and pass through their larval states. In tropical America one species sometimes lives under the human skin, and another in the stomach. See Gadfly.
Both	The one and the other; the two; the pair, without exception of either.
Both	As well; not only; equally.
Bothered	of Bother
Bothering	of Bother
Bother	To annoy; to trouble; to worry; to perplex. See Pother.
Bother	To feel care or anxiety; to make or take trouble; to be troublesome.
Bother	One who, or that which, bothers; state of perplexity or annoyance; embarrassment; worry; disturbance; petty trouble; as, to be in a bother.
Botheration	The act of bothering, or state of being bothered; cause of trouble; perplexity; annoyance; vexation.
Botherer	One who bothers.
Bothersome	Vexatious; causing bother; causing trouble or perplexity; troublesome.
Both-hands	A factotum.
Bothie	Same as Bothy.
Bothnian	Alt. of Bothnic
Bothnic	Of or pertaining to Bothnia, a country of northern Europe, or to a gulf of the same name which forms the northern part of the Baltic sea.
Bothrenchyma	Dotted or pitted ducts or vessels forming the pores seen in many kinds of wood.
-ies	of Boothy
Bothy	Alt. of Boothy
Boothy	A wooden hut or humble cot, esp. a rude hut or barrack for unmarried farm servants; a shepherd's or hunter's hut; a booth.
Botocudos	A Brazilian tribe of Indians, noted for their use of poisons; -- also called Aymbores.
Bo tree	The peepul tree; esp., the very ancient tree standing at Anurajahpoora in Ceylon, grown from a slip of the tree under which Gautama is said to have received the heavenly light and so to have become Buddha.
Botryogen	A hydrous sulphate of iron of a deep red color. It often occurs in botryoidal form.
Botryoid	Alt. of Botryoidal
Botryoidal	Having the form of a bunch of grapes; like a cluster of grapes, as a mineral presenting an aggregation of small spherical or spheroidal prominences.
Botryolite	A variety of datolite, usually having a botryoidal structure.
Botryose	Having the form of a cluster of grapes.
Botryose	Of the racemose or acropetal type of inflorescence.
Bots	The larvae of several species of botfly, especially those larvae which infest the stomach, throat, or intestines of the horse, and are supposed to be the cause of various ailments.
Bottine	A small boot; a lady's boot.
Bottine	An appliance resembling a small boot furnished with straps, buckles, etc., used to correct or prevent distortions in the lower extremities of children.
Bottle	A hollow vessel, usually of glass or earthenware (but formerly of leather), with a narrow neck or mouth, for holding liquids.
Bottle	The contents of a bottle; as much as a bottle contains; as, to drink a bottle of wine.
Bottle	Fig.: Intoxicating liquor; as, to drown one's reason in the bottle.
Bottled	of Bottle
Bottling	of Bottle
Bottle	To put into bottles; to inclose in, or as in, a bottle or bottles; to keep or restrain as in a bottle; as, to bottle wine or porter; to bottle up one's wrath.
Bottle	A bundle, esp. of hay.
Bottled	Put into bottles; inclosed in bottles; pent up in, or as in, a bottle.
Bottled	Having the shape of a bottle; protuberant.
Bottle green	A dark shade of green, like that of bottle glass.
Bottlehead	A cetacean allied to the grampus; -- called also bottle-nosed whale.
Bottleholder	One who attends a pugilist in a prize fight; -- so called from the bottle of water of which he has charge.
Bottleholder	One who assists or supports another in a contest; an abettor; a backer.
Bottle-nose	A cetacean of the Dolphin family, of several species, as Delphinus Tursio and Lagenorhyncus leucopleurus, of Europe.
Bottle-nose	The puffin.
Bottle-nosed	Having the nose bottle-shaped, or large at the end.
Bottler	One who bottles wine, beer, soda water, etc.
Bottlescrew	A corkscrew.
Bottling	The act or the process of putting anything into bottles (as beer, mineral water, etc.) and corking the bottles.
Bottom	The lowest part of anything; the foot; as, the bottom of a tree or well; the bottom of a hill, a lane, or a page.
Bottom	The part of anything which is beneath the contents and supports them, as the part of a chair on which a person sits, the circular base or lower head of a cask or tub, or the plank floor of a ship's hold; the under surface.
Bottom	That upon which anything rests or is founded, in a literal or a figurative sense; foundation; groundwork.
Bottom	The bed of a body of water, as of a river, lake, sea.
Bottom	The fundament; the buttocks.
Bottom	An abyss.
Bottom	Low land formed by alluvial deposits along a river; low-lying ground; a dale; a valley.
Bottom	The part of a ship which is ordinarily under water; hence, the vessel itself; a ship.
Bottom	Power of endurance; as, a horse of a good bottom.
Bottom	Dregs or grounds; lees; sediment.
Bottom	Of or pertaining to the bottom; fundamental; lowest; under; as, bottom rock; the bottom board of a wagon box; bottom prices.
Bottomed	of Bottom
Bottoming	of Bottom
Bottom	To found or build upon; to fix upon as a support; -- followed by on or upon.
Bottom	To furnish with a bottom; as, to bottom a chair.
Bottom	To reach or get to the bottom of.
Bottom	To rest, as upon an ultimate support; to be based or grounded; -- usually with on or upon.
Bottom	To reach or impinge against the bottom, so as to impede free action, as when the point of a cog strikes the bottom of a space between two other cogs, or a piston the end of a cylinder.
Bottom	A ball or skein of thread; a cocoon.
Bottom	To wind round something, as in making a ball of thread.
Bottomed	Having at the bottom, or as a bottom; resting upon a bottom; grounded; -- mostly, in composition; as, sharp-bottomed; well-bottomed.
Bottomless	Without a bottom; hence, fathomless; baseless; as, a bottomless abyss.
Bottomry	A contract in the nature of a mortgage, by which the owner of a ship, or the master as his agent, hypothecates and binds the ship (and sometimes the accruing freight) as security for the repayment of money advanced or lent for the use of the ship, if she terminates her voyage successfully. If the ship is lost by perils of the sea, the lender loses the money; but if the ship arrives safe, he is to receive the money lent, with the interest or premium stipulated, although it may, and usually does, exceed the legal rate of interest. See Hypothecation.
Bottony	Alt. of Bottone
Bottone	Having a bud or button, or a kind of trefoil, at the end; furnished with knobs or buttons.
Botts	See Bots.
Botuliform	Having the shape of a sausage.
Bouche	Same as Bush, a lining.
Bouche	Same as Bush, to line.
Bouche	Alt. of Bouch
Bouch	A mouth.
Bouch	An allowance of meat and drink for the tables of inferior officers or servants in a nobleman's palace or at court.
Bouchees	Small patties.
Boud	A weevil; a worm that breeds in malt, biscuit, etc.
Boudoir	A small room, esp. if pleasant, or elegantly furnished, to which a lady may retire to be alone, or to receive intimate friends; a lady's (or sometimes a gentleman's) private room.
Bouffe	Comic opera. See Opera Bouffe.
Bougainvillaea	A genus of plants of the order Nyctoginaceae, from tropical South America, having the flowers surrounded by large bracts.
Bouged	of Bouge
Bouge	To swell out.
Bouge	To bilge.
Bouge	To stave in; to bilge.
Bouge	Bouche (see Bouche, 2); food and drink; provisions.
Bouget	A charge representing a leather vessel for carrying water; -- also called water bouget.
Bough	An arm or branch of a tree, esp. a large arm or main branch.
Bough	A gallows.
Bought	A flexure; a bend; a twist; a turn; a coil, as in a rope; as the boughts of a serpent.
Bought	The part of a sling that contains the stone.
Bought	imp. & p. p. of Buy.
Bought	Purchased; bribed.
Boughten	Purchased; not obtained or produced at home.
Boughty	Bending.
Bougie	A long, flexible instrument, that is
Bougie	A long slender rod consisting of gelatin or some other substance that melts at the temperature of the body. It is impregnated with medicine, and designed for introduction into urethra, etc.
Bouilli	Boiled or stewed meat; beef boiled with vegetables in water from which its gravy is to be made; beef from which bouillon or soup has been made.
Bouillon	A nutritious liquid food made by boiling beef, or other meat, in water; a clear soup or broth.
Bouillon	An excrescence on a horse's frush or frog.
Bouk	The body.
Bouk	Bulk; volume.
Boul	A curved handle.
Boulangerite	A mineral of a bluish gray color and metallic luster, usually in plumose masses, also compact.  It is a sulphide of antimony and lead.
Boulder	Same as Bowlder.
Bouldery	Characterized by bowlders.
Boule	Alt. of Boulework
Boulework	Same as Buhl, Buhlwork.
Boulevard	Originally, a bulwark or rampart of fortification or fortified town.
Boulevard	A public walk or street occupying the site of demolished fortifications. Hence: A broad avenue in or around a city.
Bouleversement	Complete overthrow; disorder; a turning upside down.
Buolt	Corrupted form Bolt.
Boultel	Alt. of Boultin
Boultin	A molding, the convexity of which is one fourth of a circle, being a member just below the abacus in the Tuscan and Roman Doric capital; a torus; an ovolo.
Boultin	One of the shafts of a clustered column.
Boulter	A long, stout fishing line to which many hooks are attached.
Boun	Ready; prepared; destined; tending.
Boun	To make or get ready.
Bounced	of Bounce
Bouncing	of Bounce
Bounce	To strike or thump, so as to rebound, or to make a sudden noise; a knock loudly.
Bounce	To leap or spring suddenly or unceremoniously; to bound; as, she bounced into the room.
Bounce	To boast; to talk big; to bluster.
Bounce	To drive against anything suddenly and violently; to bump; to thump.
Bounce	To cause to bound or rebound; sometimes, to toss.
Bounce	To eject violently, as from a room; to discharge unceremoniously, as from employment.
Bounce	To bully; to scold.
Bounce	A sudden leap or bound; a rebound.
Bounce	A heavy, sudden, and often noisy, blow or thump.
Bounce	An explosion, or the noise of one.
Bounce	Bluster; brag; untruthful boasting; audacious exaggeration; an impudent lie; a bouncer.
Bounce	A dogfish of Europe (Scyllium catulus).
Bounce	With a sudden leap; suddenly.
Bouncer	One who bounces; a large, heavy person who makes much noise in moving.
Bouncer	A boaster; a bully.
Bouncer	A bold lie; also, a liar.
Bouncer	Something big; a good stout example of the kind.
Bouncing	Stout; plump and healthy; lusty; buxom.
Bouncing	Excessive; big.
Bouncingly	With a bounce.
Bound	The external or limiting line, either real or imaginary, of any object or space; that which limits or restrains, or within which something is limited or restrained; limit; confine; extent; boundary.
Bounded	of Bound
Bounding	of Bound
Bound	To limit; to terminate; to fix the furthest point of extension of; -- said of natural or of moral objects; to lie along, or form, a boundary of; to inclose; to circumscribe; to restrain; to confine.
Bound	To name the boundaries of; as, to bound France.
Bound	To move with a sudden spring or leap, or with a succession of springs or leaps; as the beast bounded from his den; the herd bounded across the plain.
Bound	To rebound, as an elastic ball.
Bound	To make to bound or leap; as, to bound a horse.
Bound	To cause to rebound; to throw so that it will rebound; as, to bound a ball on the floor.
Bound	A leap; an elastic spring; a jump.
Bound	Rebound; as, the bound of a ball.
Bound	Spring from one foot to the other.
Bound	imp. & p. p. of Bind.
Bound	Restrained by a hand, rope, chain, fetters, or the like.
Bound	Inclosed in a binding or cover; as, a bound volume.
Bound	Under legal or moral restraint or obligation.
Bound	Constrained or compelled; destined; certain; -- followed by the infinitive; as, he is bound to succeed; he is bound to fail.
Bound	Resolved; as, I am bound to do it.
Bound	Constipated; costive.
Bound	Ready or intending to go; on the way toward; going; -- with to or for, or with an adverb of motion; as, a ship is bound to Cadiz, or for Cadiz.
Boundaries	of Boundary
Boundary	That which indicates or fixes a limit or extent, or marks a bound, as of a territory; a bounding or separating line; a real or imaginary limit.
Bounden	Bound; fastened by bonds.
Bounden	Under obligation; bound by some favor rendered; obliged; beholden.
Bounden	Made obligatory; imposed as a duty; binding.
Bounder	One who, or that which, limits; a boundary.
Bounding	Moving with a bound or bounds.
Boundless	Without bounds or confines; illimitable; vast; unlimited.
Bounteous	Liberal in charity; disposed to give freely; generously liberal; munificent; beneficent; free in bestowing gifts; as, bounteous production.
Bountiful	Free in giving; liberal in bestowing gifts and favors.
Bountiful	Plentiful; abundant; as, a bountiful supply of food.
Bountihead	Alt. of Bountyhood
Bountyhood	Goodness; generosity.
Bounties	of Bounty
Bounty	Goodness, kindness; virtue; worth.
Bounty	Liberality in bestowing gifts or favors; gracious or liberal giving; generosity; munificence.
Bounty	That which is given generously or liberally.
Bounty	A premium offered or given to induce men to enlist into the public service; or to encourage any branch of industry, as husbandry or manufactures.
Bouquet	A nosegay; a bunch of flowers.
Bouquet	A perfume; an aroma; as, the bouquet of wine.
Bouquetin	The ibex.
Bour	A chamber or a cottage.
Bourbon	A member of a family which has occupied several European thrones, and whose descendants still claim the throne of France.
Bourbon	A politician who is behind the age; a ruler or politician who neither forgets nor learns anything; an obstinate conservative.
Bourbonism	The principles of those adhering to the house of Bourbon; obstinate conservatism.
Bourbonist	One who adheres to the house of Bourbon; a legitimist.
Bourbon whisky	See under Whisky.
Bourd	A jest.
Bourd	To jest.
Bourder	A jester.
Bourdon	A pilgrim's staff.
Bourdon	A drone bass, as in a bagpipe, or a hurdy-gurdy. See Burden (of a song.)
Bourdon	A kind of organ stop.
Bourgeois	A size of type between long primer and brevier. See Type.
Bourgeois	A man of middle rank in society; one of the shopkeeping class.
Bourgeois	Characteristic of the middle class, as in France.
Bourgeoisie	The French middle class, particularly such as are concerned in, or dependent on, trade.
Bourgeon	To sprout; to put forth buds; to shoot forth, as a branch.
Bouri	A mullet (Mugil capito) found in the rivers of Southern Europe and in Africa.
Bourn	Alt. of Bourne
Bourne	A stream or rivulet; a burn.
Bourn	Alt. of Bourne
Bourne	A bound; a boundary; a limit. Hence: Point aimed at; goal.
Bournless	Without a bourn or limit.
Bournonite	A mineral of a steel-gray to black color and metallic luster, occurring crystallized, often in twin crystals shaped like cogwheels (wheel ore), also massive. It is a sulphide of antimony, lead, and copper.
Bournous	See Burnoose.
Bourree	An old French dance tune in common time.
Bourse	An exchange, or place where merchants, bankers, etc., meet for business at certain hours; esp., the Stock Exchange of Paris.
Bouse	To drink immoderately; to carouse; to booze. See Booze.
Bouse	Drink, esp. alcoholic drink; also, a carouse; a booze.
Bouser	A toper; a boozer.
Boustrophedon	An ancient mode of writing, in alternate directions, one line from left to right, and the next from right to left (as fields are plowed), as in early Greek and Hittite.
Boustrophedonic	Relating to the boustrophedon made of writing.
Boustorphic	Boustrophedonic.
Bousy	Drunken; sotted; boozy.
Bout	As much of an action as is performed at one time; a going and returning, as of workmen in reaping, mowing, etc.; a turn; a round.
Bout	A conflict; contest; attempt; trial; a set-to at anything; as, a fencing bout; a drinking bout.
Boutade	An outbreak; a caprice; a whim.
Boutefeu	An incendiary; an inciter of quarrels.
Boutonniere	A bouquet worn in a buttonhole.
Bouts-rimes	Words that rhyme, proposed as the ends of verses, to be filled out by the ingenuity of the person to whom they are offered.
Bovate	An oxgang, or as much land as an ox can plow in a year; an ancient measure of land, of indefinite quantity, but usually estimated at fifteen acres.
Bovey coal	A kind of mineral coal, or brown lignite, burning with a weak flame, and generally a disagreeable odor; -- found at Bovey Tracey, Devonshire, England. It is of geological age of the oolite, and not of the true coal era.
Bovid	Relating to that tribe of ruminant mammals of which the genus Bos is the type.
Boviform	Resembling an ox in form; ox-shaped.
Bovine	Of or pertaining to the genus Bos; relating to, or resembling, the ox or cow; oxlike; as, the bovine genus; a bovine antelope.
Bovine	Having qualities characteristic of oxen or cows; sluggish and patient; dull; as, a bovine temperament.
Bowed	of Bow
Bowing	of Bow
Bow	To cause to deviate from straightness; to bend; to inflect; to make crooked or curved.
Bow	To exercise powerful or controlling influence over; to bend, figuratively; to turn; to incline.
Bow	To bend or incline, as the head or body, in token of respect, gratitude, assent, homage, or condescension.
Bow	To cause to bend down; to prostrate; to depress,;/ to crush; to subdue.
Bow	To express by bowing; as, to bow one's thanks.
Bow	To bend; to curve.
Bow	To stop.
Bow	To bend the head, knee, or body, in token of reverence or submission; -- often with down.
Bow	To incline the head in token of salutation, civility, or assent; to make bow.
Bow	An inclination of the head, or a bending of the body, in token of reverence, respect, civility, or submission; an obeisance; as, a bow of deep humility.
Bow	Anything bent, or in the form of a curve, as the rainbow.
Bow	A weapon made of a strip of wood, or other elastic material, with a cord connecting the two ends, by means of which an arrow is propelled.
Bow	An ornamental knot, with projecting loops, formed by doubling a ribbon or string.
Bow	The U-shaped piece which embraces the neck of an ox and fastens it to the yoke.
Bow	An appliance consisting of an elastic rod, with a number of horse hairs stretched from end to end of it, used in playing on a stringed instrument.
Bow	An arcograph.
Bow	Any instrument consisting of an elastic rod, with ends connected by a string, employed for giving reciprocating motion to a drill, or for preparing and arranging the hair, fur, etc., used by hatters.
Bow	A rude sort of quadrant formerly used for taking the sun's altitude at sea.
Bow	Two pieces of wood which form the arched forward part of a saddletree.
Bowed	of Bow
Bowing	of Bow
Bow	To play (music) with a bow.
Bow	To manage the bow.
Bow	The bending or rounded part of a ship forward; the stream or prow.
Bow	One who rows in the forward part of a boat; the bow oar.
Bowable	Capable of being bowed or bent; flexible; easily influenced; yielding.
Bowbell	One born within hearing distance of Bow-bells; a cockney.
Bow-bells	The bells of Bow Church in London; cockneydom.
Bowbent	Bent, like a bow.
Bow-compasses	of Bow-compass
Bow-compass	An arcograph.
Bow-compass	A small pair of compasses, one leg of which carries a pencil, or a pen, for drawing circles. Its legs are often connected by a bow-shaped spring, instead of by a joint.
Bow-compass	A pair of compasses, with a bow or arched plate riveted to one of the legs, and passing through the other.
Bowel	One of the intestines of an animal; an entrail, especially of man; a gut; -- generally used in the plural.
Bowel	Hence, figuratively: The interior part of anything; as, the bowels of the earth.
Bowel	The seat of pity or kindness. Hence: Tenderness; compassion.
Bowel	Offspring.
Boweled	of Bowel
Bowelled	of Bowel
Boweling	of Bowel
Bowelling	of Bowel
Bowel	To take out the bowels of; to eviscerate; to disembowel.
Boweled	Having bowels; hollow.
Bowelless	Without pity.
Bowenite	A hard, compact variety of serpentine found in Rhode Island. It is of a light green color and resembles jade.
Bower	One who bows or bends.
Bower	An anchor carried at the bow of a ship.
Bower	A muscle that bends a limb, esp. the arm.
Bower	One of the two highest cards in the pack commonly used in the game of euchre.
Bower	Anciently, a chamber; a lodging room; esp., a lady's private apartment.
Bower	A rustic cottage or abode; poetically, an attractive abode or retreat.
Bower	A shelter or covered place in a garden, made with boughs of trees or vines, etc., twined together; an arbor; a shady recess.
Bower	To embower; to inclose.
Bower	To lodge.
Bower	A young hawk, when it begins to leave the nest.
Bower bird	An Australian bird (Ptilonorhynchus violaceus / holosericeus), allied to the starling, which constructs singular bowers or playhouses of twigs and decorates them with bright-colored objects; the satin bird.
Bowery	Shading, like a bower; full of bowers.
Boweries	of Bowery
Bowery	A farm or plantation with its buildings.
Bowery	Characteristic of the street called the Bowery, in New York city; swaggering; flashy.
Bowess	Same as Bower.
Bowfin	A voracious ganoid fish (Amia calva) found in the fresh waters of the United States; the mudfish; -- called also Johnny Grindle, and dogfish.
Bowge	To swell out. See Bouge.
Bowge	To cause to leak.
Bowgrace	A frame or fender of rope or junk, laid out at the sides or bows of a vessel to secure it from injury by floating ice.
Bow hand	The hand that holds the bow, i. e., the left hand.
Bow hand	The hand that draws the bow, i. e., the right hand.
Bowhead	The great Arctic or Greenland whale. (Balaena mysticetus). See Baleen, and Whale.
Bowie knife	A knife with a strong blade from ten to fifteen inches long, and double-edged near the point; -- used as a hunting knife, and formerly as a weapon in the southwestern part of the United States. It was named from its inventor, Colonel James Bowie.  Also, by extension, any large sheath knife.
Bowing	The act or art of managing the bow in playing on stringed instruments.
Bowing	In hatmaking, the act or process of separating and distributing the fur or hair by means of a bow, to prepare it for felting.
Bowingly	In a bending manner.
Bowknot	A knot in which a portion of the string is drawn through in the form of a loop or bow, so as to be readily untied.
Bowl	A concave vessel of various forms (often approximately hemispherical), to hold liquids, etc.
Bowl	Specifically, a drinking vessel for wine or other spirituous liquors; hence, convivial drinking.
Bowl	The contents of a full bowl; what a bowl will hold.
Bowl	The hollow part of a thing; as, the bowl of a spoon.
Bowl	A ball of wood or other material used for rolling on a level surface in play; a ball of hard wood having one side heavier than the other, so as to give it a bias when rolled.
Bowl	An ancient game, popular in Great Britain, played with biased balls on a level plat of greensward.
Bowl	The game of tenpins or bowling.
Bowled	of Bowl
Bowling	of Bowl
Bowl	To roll, as a bowl or cricket ball.
Bowl	To roll or carry smoothly on, or as on, wheels; as, we were bowled rapidly along the road.
Bowl	To pelt or strike with anything rolled.
Bowl	To play with bowls.
Bowl	To roll a ball on a plane, as at cricket, bowls, etc.
Bowl	To move rapidly, smoothly, and like a ball; as, the carriage bowled along.
Bowlder	Alt. of Boulder
Boulder	A large stone, worn smooth or rounded by the action of water; a large pebble.
Boulder	A mass of any rock, whether rounded or not, that has been transported by natural agencies from its native bed. See Drift.
Bowldery	Characterized by bowlders.
Bowleg	A crooked leg.
Bowl-legged	Having crooked legs, esp. with the knees bent outward.
Bowler	One who plays at bowls, or who rolls the ball in cricket or any other game.
Bowless	Destitute of a bow.
Bowline	A rope fastened near the middle of the leech or perpendicular edge of the square sails, by subordinate ropes, called bridles, and used to keep the weather edge of the sail tight forward, when the ship is closehauled.
Bowling	The act of playing at or rolling bowls, or of rolling the ball at cricket; the game of bowls or of tenpins.
Bowls	See Bowl, a ball, a game.
Bowmen	of Bowman
Bowman	A man who uses a bow; an archer.
Bowman	The man who rows the foremost oar in a boat; the bow oar.
Bowne	To make ready; to prepare; to dress.
Bow net	A trap for lobsters, being a wickerwork cylinder with a funnel-shaped entrance at one end.
Bow net	A net for catching birds.
Bow oar	The oar used by the bowman.
Bow oar	One who rows at the bow of a boat.
Bow-pen	Bow-compasses carrying a drawing pen. See Bow-compass.
Bow-pencil	Bow-compasses, one leg of which carries a pencil.
Bow-saw	A saw with a thin or narrow blade set in a strong frame.
Bowse	To carouse; to bouse; to booze.
Bowse	To pull or haul; as, to bowse upon a tack; to bowse away, i. e., to pull all together.
Bowse	A carouse; a drinking bout; a booze.
Bowshot	The distance traversed by an arrow shot from a bow.
Bowsprit	A large boom or spar, which projects over the stem of a ship or other vessel, to carry sail forward.
Bowssen	To drench; to soak; especially, to immerse (in water believed to have curative properties).
Bowstring	The string of a bow.
Bowstring	A string used by the Turks for strangling offenders.
Bowstringed	of Bowstring
Bowstrung	of Bowstring
Bowstringing	of Bowstring
Bowstring	To strangle with a bowstring.
Bowstringed	Furnished with bowstring.
Bowstringed	Put to death with a bowstring; strangled.
Bowtel	See Boultel.
Bowwow	An onomatopoetic name for a dog or its bark.
Bowwow	Onomatopoetic; as, the bowwow theory of language; a bowwow word.
Bowyer	An archer; one who uses bow.
Bowyer	One who makes or sells bows.
Box	A tree or shrub, flourishing in different parts of the world. The common box (Buxus sempervirens) has two varieties, one of which, the dwarf box (B. suffruticosa), is much used for borders in gardens. The wood of the tree varieties, being very hard and smooth, is extensively used in the arts, as by turners, engravers, mathematical instrument makers, etc.
Boxes	of Box
Box	A receptacle or case of any firm material and of various shapes.
Box	The quantity that a box contain.
Box	A space with a few seats partitioned off in a theater, or other place of public amusement.
Box	A chest or any receptacle for the deposit of money; as, a poor box; a contribution box.
Box	A small country house.
Box	A boxlike shed for shelter; as, a sentry box.
Box	An axle box, journal box, journal bearing, or bushing.
Box	A chamber or section of tube in which a valve works; the bucket of a lifting pump.
Box	The driver's seat on a carriage or coach.
Box	A present in a box; a present; esp. a Christmas box or gift.
Box	The square in which the pitcher stands.
Box	A Mediterranean food fish; the bogue.
Boxed	of Box
Boxing	of Box
Box	To inclose in a box.
Box	To furnish with boxes, as a wheel.
Box	To inclose with boarding, lathing, etc., so as to bring to a required form.
Box	A blow on the head or ear with the hand.
Box	To fight with the fist; to combat with, or as with, the hand or fist; to spar.
Box	To strike with the hand or fist, especially to strike on the ear, or on the side of the head.
Box	To boxhaul.
Boxberry	The wintergreen. (Gaultheria procumbens).
Boxen	Made of boxwood; pertaining to, or resembling, the box (Buxus).
Boxer	One who packs boxes.
Boxer	One who boxes; a pugilist.
Boxfish	The trunkfish.
Boxhauled	of Boxhaul
Boxhaul	To put (a vessel) on the other tack by veering her short round on her heel; -- so called from the circumstance of bracing the head yards abox (i. e., sharp aback, on the wind).
Boxhauling	A method of going from one tack to another. See Boxhaul.
Boxing	The act of inclosing (anything) in a box, as for storage or transportation.
Boxing	Material used in making boxes or casings.
Boxing	Any boxlike inclosure or recess; a casing.
Boxing	The external case of thin material used to bring any member to a required form.
Boxing	The act of fighting with the fist; a combat with the fist; sparring.
Box-iron	A hollow smoothing iron containing a heater within.
Boxkeeper	An attendant at a theater who has charge of the boxes.
Boxthorn	A plant of the genus Lycium, esp. Lycium barbarum.
Boxwood	The wood of the box (Buxus).
Boy	A male child, from birth to the age of puberty; a lad; hence, a son.
Boy	To act as a boy; -- in allusion to the former practice of boys acting women's parts on the stage.
Boyar	Alt. of Boyard
Boyard	A member of a Russian aristocratic order abolished by Peter the Great. Also, one of a privileged class in Roumania.
Boyaux	of Boyau
Boyaus	of Boyau
Boyau	A winding or zigzag trench forming a path or communication from one siegework to another, to a magazine, etc.
Boycotted	of Boycott
Boycotting	of Boycott
Boycott	To combine against (a landlord, tradesman, employer, or other person), to withhold social or business relations from him, and to deter others from holding such relations; to subject to a boycott.
Boycott	The process, fact, or pressure of boycotting; a combining to withhold or prevent dealing or social intercourse with a tradesman, employer, etc.; social and business interdiction for the purpose of coercion.
Boycotter	A participant in boycotting.
Boycottism	Methods of boycotters.
Boydekin	A dagger; a bodkin.
Boyer	A Flemish sloop with a castle at each end.
Boyhood	The state of being a boy; the time during which one is a boy.
Boyish	Resembling a boy in a manners or opinions; belonging to a boy; childish; trifling; puerile.
Boyishly	In a boyish manner; like a boy.
Boyishness	The manners or behavior of a boy.
Boyism	Boyhood.
Boyism	The nature of a boy; childishness.
Boyle's law	See under Law.
Boza	An acidulated fermented drink of the Arabs and Egyptians, made from millet seed and various astringent substances; also, an intoxicating beverage made from hemp seed, darnel meal, and water.
Brabantine	Pertaining to Brabant, an ancient province of the Netherlands.
Brabble	To clamor; to contest noisily.
Brabble	A broil; a noisy contest; a wrangle.
Brabblement	A brabble.
Brabbler	A clamorous, quarrelsome, noisy fellow; a wrangler.
Braccate	Furnished with feathers which conceal the feet.
Brace	That which holds anything tightly or supports it firmly; a bandage or a prop.
Brace	A cord, ligament, or rod, for producing or maintaining tension, as a cord on the side of a drum.
Brace	The state of being braced or tight; tension.
Brace	A piece of material used to transmit, or change the direction of, weight or pressure; any one of the pieces, in a frame or truss, which divide the structure into triangular parts. It may act as a tie, or as a strut, and serves to prevent distortion of the structure, and transverse strains in its members. A boiler brace is a diagonal stay, connecting the head with the shell.
Brace	A vertical curved line connecting two or more words or lines, which are to be taken together; thus, boll, bowl; or, in music, used to connect staves.
Brace	A rope reeved through a block at the end of a yard, by which the yard is moved horizontally; also, a rudder gudgeon.
Brace	A curved instrument or handle of iron or wood, for holding and turning bits, etc.; a bitstock.
Brace	A pair; a couple; as, a brace of ducks; now rarely applied to persons, except familiarly or with some contempt.
Brace	Straps or bands to sustain trousers; suspenders.
Brace	Harness; warlike preparation.
Brace	Armor for the arm; vantbrace.
Brace	The mouth of a shaft.
Braced	of Brace
Bracing	of Brace
Brace	To furnish with braces; to support; to prop; as, to brace a beam in a building.
Brace	To draw tight; to tighten; to put in a state of tension; to strain; to strengthen; as, to brace the nerves.
Brace	To bind or tie closely; to fasten tightly.
Brace	To place in a position for resisting pressure; to hold firmly; as, he braced himself against the crowd.
Brace	To move around by means of braces; as, to brace the yards.
Brace	To get tone or vigor; to rouse one's energies; -- with up.
Bracelet	An ornamental band or ring, for the wrist or the arm; in modern times, an ornament encircling the wrist, worn by women or girls.
Bracelet	A piece of defensive armor for the arm.
Bracer	That which braces, binds, or makes firm; a band or bandage.
Bracer	A covering to protect the arm of the bowman from the vibration of the string; also, a brassart.
Bracer	A medicine, as an astringent or a tonic, which gives tension or tone to any part of the body.
Brach	A bitch of the hound kind.
Brachelytra	A group of beetles having short elytra, as the rove beetles.
Brachia	See Brachium.
Brachial	Pertaining or belonging to the arm; as, the brachial artery; the brachial nerve.
Brachial	Of the nature of an arm; resembling an arm.
Brachiata	A division of the Crinoidea, including those furnished with long jointed arms. See Crinoidea.
Brachiate	Having branches in pairs, decussated, all nearly horizontal, and each pair at right angles with the next, as in the maple and lilac.
Brachioganoid	One of the Brachioganoidei.
Brachioganoidei	An order of ganoid fishes of which the bichir of Africa is a living example. See Crossopterygii.
Brachiolaria	A peculiar early larval stage of certain starfishes, having a bilateral structure, and swimming by means of bands of vibrating cilia.
Brachiopod	One of the Brachiopoda, or its shell.
Brachiopoda	A class of Molluscoidea having a symmetrical bivalve shell, often attached by a fleshy peduncle.
Bracchia	of Brachium
Brachium	The upper arm; the segment of the fore limb between the shoulder and the elbow.
Brachman	See Brahman.
Brachycatalectic	A verse wanting two syllables at its termination.
Brachycephalic	Alt. of Brachycephalous
Brachycephalous	Having the skull short in proportion to its breadth; shortheaded; -- in distinction from dolichocephalic.
Brachycephaly	Alt. of Brachycephalism
Brachycephalism	The state or condition of being brachycephalic; shortness of head.
Brachyceral	Having short antennae, as certain insects.
Brachydiagonal	Pertaining to the shorter diagonal, as of a rhombic prism.
Brachydiagonal	The shorter of the diagonals in a rhombic prism.
Brachydome	A dome parallel to the shorter lateral axis. See Dome.
Brachygrapher	A writer in short hand; a stenographer.
Brachygraphy	Stenography.
Brachylogy	Conciseness of expression; brevity.
Brachypinacoid	A plane of an orthorhombic crystal which is parallel both to the vertical axis and to the shorter lateral (brachydiagonal) axis.
Brachyptera	A group of Coleoptera having short wings; the rove beetles.
Brachypteres	A group of birds, including auks, divers, and penguins.
Brachypterous	Having short wings.
Brachystochrone	A curve, in which a body, starting from a given point, and descending solely by the force of gravity, will reach another given point in a shorter time than it could by any other path. This curve of quickest descent, as it is sometimes called, is, in a vacuum, the same as the cycloid.
Brachytypous	Of a short form.
Brachyura	A group of decapod Crustacea, including the common crabs, characterized by a small and short abdomen, which is bent up beneath the large cephalo-thorax. [Also spelt Brachyoura.] See Crab, and Illustration in Appendix.
Brachyural	Alt. of Brachyurous
Brachyurous	Of or pertaining to the Brachyura.
Brachyuran	One of the Brachyura.
Bracing	Imparting strength or tone; strengthening; invigorating; as, a bracing north wind.
Bracing	The act of strengthening, supporting, or propping, with a brace or braces; the state of being braced.
Bracing	Any system of braces; braces, collectively; as, the bracing of a truss.
Brack	An opening caused by the parting of any solid body; a crack or breach; a flaw.
Brack	Salt or brackish water.
Bracken	A brake or fern.
Bracket	An architectural member, plain or ornamental, projecting from a wall or pier, to support weight falling outside of the same; also, a decorative feature seeming to discharge such an office.
Bracket	A piece or combination of pieces, usually triangular in general shape, projecting from, or fastened to, a wall, or other surface, to support heavy bodies or to strengthen angles.
Bracket	A shot, crooked timber, resembling a knee, used as a support.
Bracket	The cheek or side of an ordnance carriage.
Bracket	One of two characters [], used to inclose a reference, explanation, or note, or a part to be excluded from a sentence, to indicate an interpolation, to rectify a mistake, or to supply an omission, and for certain other purposes; -- called also crotchet.
Bracket	A gas fixture or lamp holder projecting from the face of a wall, column, or the like.
Bracketed	of Bracket
Bracketing	of Bracket
Bracket	To place within brackets; to connect by brackets; to furnish with brackets.
Bracketing	A series or group of brackets; brackets, collectively.
Brackish	Saltish, or salt in a moderate degree, as water in saline soil.
Brackishness	The quality or state of being brackish, or somewhat salt.
Bracky	Brackish.
Bract	A leaf, usually smaller than the true leaves of a plant, from the axil of which a flower stalk arises.
Bract	Any modified leaf, or scale, on a flower stalk or at the base of a flower.
Bractea	A bract.
Bracteal	Having the nature or appearance of a bract.
Bracteate	Having a bract or bracts.
Bracted	Furnished with bracts.
Bracteolate	Furnished with bracteoles or bractlets.
Bracteole	Same as Bractlet.
Bractless	Destitute of bracts.
Bractlet	A bract on the stalk of a single flower, which is itself on a main stalk that support several flowers.
Brad	A thin nail, usually small, with a slight projection at the top on one side instead of a head; also, a small wire nail, with a flat circular head; sometimes, a small, tapering, square-bodied finishing nail, with a countersunk head.
Brad awl	A straight awl with chisel edge, used to make holes for brads, etc.
Bradoon	Same as Bridoon.
Brae	A hillside; a slope; a bank; a hill.
Bragged	of Brag
Bragging	of Brag
Brag	To talk about one's self, or things pertaining to one's self, in a manner intended to excite admiration, envy, or wonder; to talk boastfully; to boast; -- often followed by of; as, to brag of one's exploits, courage, or money, or of the great things one intends to do.
Brag	To boast of.
Brag	A boast or boasting; bragging; ostentatious pretense or self glorification.
Brag	The thing which is boasted of.
Brag	A game at cards similar to bluff.
Brag	Brisk; full of spirits; boasting; pretentious; conceited.
Brag	Proudly; boastfully.
Braggadocio	A braggart; a boaster; a swaggerer.
Braggadocio	Empty boasting; mere brag; pretension.
Braggardism	Boastfulness; act of bragging.
Braggart	A boaster.
Braggart	Boastful.
Bragger	One who brags; a boaster.
Bragget	A liquor made of ale and honey fermented, with spices, etc.
Braggingly	Boastingly.
Bragless	Without bragging.
Bragly	In a manner to be bragged of; finely; proudly.
Brahma	The One First Cause; also, one of the triad of Hindoo gods. The triad consists of Brahma, the Creator, Vishnu, the Preserver, and Siva, the Destroyer.
Brahma	A valuable variety of large, domestic fowl, peculiar in having the comb divided lengthwise into three parts, and the legs well feathered. There are two breeds, the dark or penciled, and the light; -- called also Brahmapootra.
Brahmans	of Brahmin
Brahmins	of Brahmin
Brahman	Alt. of Brahmin
Brahmin	A person of the highest or sacerdotal caste among the Hindoos.
Brahmaness	A Brahmani.
Brahmani	Any Brahman woman.
Brahmanic	Alt. of ical
-ical	Alt. of ical
Brahminic	Alt. of ical
ical	Of or pertaining to the Brahmans or to their doctrines and worship.
Brahmanism	Alt. of Brahminism
Brahminism	The religion or system of doctrines of the Brahmans; the religion of Brahma.
Brahmanist	Alt. of Brahminist
Brahminist	An adherent of the religion of the Brahmans.
Brahmoism	The religious system of Brahmo-somaj.
Brahmo-somaj	A modern reforming theistic sect among the Hindoos.
Braided	of Braid
Braiding	of Braid
Braid	To weave, interlace, or entwine together, as three or more strands or threads; to form into a braid; to plait.
Braid	To mingle, or to bring to a uniformly soft consistence, by beating, rubbing, or straining, as in some culinary operations.
Braid	To reproach. [Obs.] See Upbraid.
Braid	A plait, band, or narrow fabric formed by intertwining or weaving together different strands.
Braid	A narrow fabric, as of wool, silk, or linen, used for binding, trimming, or ornamenting dresses, etc.
Braid	A quick motion; a start.
Braid	A fancy; freak; caprice.
Braid	To start; to awake.
Braid	Deceitful.
Braiding	The act of making or using braids.
Braiding	Braids, collectively; trimming.
Brail	A thong of soft leather to bind up a hawk's wing.
Brail	Ropes passing through pulleys, and used to haul in or up the leeches, bottoms, or corners of sails, preparatory to furling.
Brail	A stock at each end of a seine to keep it stretched.
Brail	To haul up by the brails; -- used with up; as, to brail up a sail.
Brain	The whitish mass of soft matter (the center of the nervous system, and the seat of consciousness and volition) which is inclosed in the cartilaginous or bony cranium of vertebrate animals. It is simply the anterior termination of the spinal cord, and is developed from three embryonic vesicles, whose cavities are connected with the central canal of the cord; the cavities of the vesicles become the central cavities, or ventricles, and the walls thicken unequally and become the three segments, the fore-, mid-, and hind-brain.
Brain	The anterior or cephalic ganglion in insects and other invertebrates.
Brain	The organ or seat of intellect; hence, the understanding.
Brain	The affections; fancy; imagination.
Brained	of Brain
Braining	of Brain
Brain	To dash out the brains of; to kill by beating out the brains. Hence, Fig.: To destroy; to put an end to; to defeat.
Brain	To conceive; to understand.
Brained	Supplied with brains.
Brainish	Hot-headed; furious.
Brainless	Without understanding; silly; thoughtless; witless.
Brainpan	The bones which inclose the brain; the skull; the cranium.
Brainsick	Disordered in the understanding; giddy; thoughtless.
Brainsickly	In a brainsick manner.
Brainy	Having an active or vigorous mind.
Braise	Alt. of Braize
Braize	A European marine fish (Pagrus vulgaris) allied to the American scup; the becker. The name is sometimes applied to the related species.
Braise	Alt. of Braize
Braize	Charcoal powder; breeze.
Braize	Braised meat.
Braise	To stew or broil in a covered kettle or pan.
Braiser	A kettle or pan for braising.
Brait	A rough diamond.
Braize	See Braise.
Brake	imp. of Break.
Brake	A fern of the genus Pteris, esp. the P. aquilina, common in almost all countries. It has solitary stems dividing into three principal branches. Less properly: Any fern.
Brake	A thicket; a place overgrown with shrubs and brambles, with undergrowth and ferns, or with canes.
Brake	An instrument or machine to break or bruise the woody part of flax or hemp so that it may be separated from the fiber.
Brake	An extended handle by means of which a number of men can unite in working a pump, as in a fire engine.
Brake	A baker's kneading though.
Brake	A sharp bit or snaffle.
Brake	A frame for confining a refractory horse while the smith is shoeing him; also, an inclosure to restrain cattle, horses, etc.
Brake	That part of a carriage, as of a movable battery, or engine, which enables it to turn.
Brake	An ancient engine of war analogous to the crossbow and ballista.
Brake	A large, heavy harrow for breaking clods after plowing; a drag.
Brake	A piece of mechanism for retarding or stopping motion by friction, as of a carriage or railway car, by the pressure of rubbers against the wheels, or of clogs or ratchets against the track or roadway, or of a pivoted lever against a wheel or drum in a machine.
Brake	An apparatus for testing the power of a steam engine, or other motor, by weighing the amount of friction that the motor will overcome; a friction brake.
Brake	A cart or carriage without a body, used in breaking in horses.
Brake	An ancient instrument of torture.
Brakemen	of Brakeman
Brakeman	A man in charge of a brake or brakes.
Brakeman	The man in charge of the winding (or hoisting) engine for a mine.
Braky	Full of brakes; abounding with brambles, shrubs, or ferns; rough; thorny.
Brama	See Brahma.
Bramah press	A hydrostatic press of immense power, invented by Joseph Bramah of London. See under Hydrostatic.
Bramble	Any plant of the genus Rubus, including the raspberry and blackberry. Hence: Any rough, prickly shrub.
Bramble	The brambling or bramble finch.
Bramble bush	The bramble, or a collection of brambles growing together.
Brambled	Overgrown with brambles.
Bramble net	A net to catch birds.
Brambling	The European mountain finch (Fringilla montifringilla); -- called also bramble finch and bramble.
Brambly	Pertaining to, resembling, or full of, brambles.
Brame	Sharp passion; vexation.
Bramin	Alt. of Braminic
Braminic	See Brahman, Brachmanic, etc.
Bran	The broken coat of the seed of wheat, rye, or other cereal grain, separated from the flour or meal by sifting or bolting; the coarse, chaffy part of ground grain.
Bran	The European carrion crow.
Brancard	A litter on which a person may be carried.
Branches	of Branch
Branch	A shoot or secondary stem growing from the main stem, or from a principal limb or bough of a tree or other plant.
Branch	Any division extending like a branch; any arm or part connected with the main body of thing; ramification; as, the branch of an antler; the branch of a chandelier; a branch of a river; a branch of a railway.
Branch	Any member or part of a body or system; a distinct article; a section or subdivision; a department.
Branch	One of the portions of a curve that extends outwards to an indefinitely great distance; as, the branches of an hyperbola.
Branch	A line of family descent, in distinction from some other line or lines from the same stock; any descendant in such a line; as, the English branch of a family.
Branch	A warrant or commission given to a pilot, authorizing him to pilot vessels in certain waters.
Branch	Diverging from, or tributary to, a main stock, line, way, theme, etc.; as, a branch vein; a branch road or line; a branch topic; a branch store.
Branched	of Branch
Branching	of Branch
Branch	To shoot or spread in branches; to separate into branches; to ramify.
Branch	To divide into separate parts or subdivision.
Branch	To divide as into branches; to make subordinate division in.
Branch	To adorn with needlework representing branches, flowers, or twigs.
Brancher	That which shoots forth branches; one who shows growth in various directions.
Brancher	A young hawk when it begins to leave the nest and take to the branches.
Branchery	A system of branches.
Branchiae	of Branchia
Branchia	A gill; a respiratory organ for breathing the air contained in water, such as many aquatic and semiaquatic animals have.
Branchial	Of or pertaining to branchiae or gills.
Branchiate	Furnished with branchiae; as, branchiate segments.
Branchiferous	Having gills; branchiate; as, branchiferous gastropods.
Branchiness	Fullness of branches.
Branching	Furnished with branches; shooting our branches; extending in a branch or branches.
Branching	The act or state of separation into branches; division into branches; a division or branch.
Branchiogastropoda	Those Gastropoda that breathe by branchiae, including the Prosobranchiata and Opisthobranchiata.
Branchiomerism	The state of being made up of branchiate segments.
Branchiopod	One of the Branchiopoda.
Branchiopoda	An order of Entomostraca; -- so named from the feet of branchiopods having been supposed to perform the function of gills. It includes the fresh-water genera Branchipus, Apus, and Limnadia, and the genus Artemia found in salt lakes. It is also called Phyllopoda. See Phyllopoda, Cladocera. It is sometimes used in a broader sense.
Branchiostegal	Pertaining to the membrane covering the gills of fishes.
Branchiostegal	A branchiostegal ray. See Illustration of Branchial arches in Appendix.
Branchiostege	The branchiostegal membrane. See Illustration in Appendix.
Branchiostegous	Branchiostegal.
Branchiostoma	The lancelet. See Amphioxus.
Branchiura	A group of Entomostraca, with suctorial mouths, including species parasitic on fishes, as the carp lice (Argulus).
Branchless	Destitute of branches or shoots; without any valuable product; barren; naked.
Branchlet	A little branch; a twig.
Branch pilot	A pilot who has a branch or commission, as from Trinity House, England, for special navigation.
Branchy	Full of branches; having wide-spreading branches; consisting of branches.
Brand	A burning piece of wood; or a stick or piece of wood partly burnt, whether burning or after the fire is extinct.
Brand	A sword, so called from its glittering or flashing brightness.
Brand	A mark made by burning with a hot iron, as upon a cask, to designate the quality, manufacturer, etc., of the contents, or upon an animal, to designate ownership; -- also, a mark for a similar purpose made in any other way, as with a stencil. Hence, figurately: Quality; kind; grade; as, a good brand of flour.
Brand	A mark put upon criminals with a hot iron. Hence: Any mark of infamy or vice; a stigma.
Brand	An instrument to brand with; a branding iron.
Brand	Any minute fungus which produces a burnt appearance in plants. The brands are of many species and several genera of the order Pucciniaei.
Branded	of Brand
Branding	of Brand
Brand	To burn a distinctive mark into or upon with a hot iron, to indicate quality, ownership, etc., or to mark as infamous (as a convict).
Brand	To put an actual distinctive mark upon in any other way, as with a stencil, to show quality of contents, name of manufacture, etc.
Brand	Fig.: To fix a mark of infamy, or a stigma, upon.
Brand	To mark or impress indelibly, as with a hot iron.
Brander	One who, or that which, brands; a branding iron.
Brander	A gridiron.
Brand goose	A species of wild goose (Branta bernicla) usually called in America brant. See Brant.
Brandied	Mingled with brandy; made stronger by the addition of brandy; flavored or treated with brandy; as, brandied peaches.
Branding iron	An iron to brand with.
Brand iron	A branding iron.
Brand iron	A trivet to set a pot on.
Brand iron	The horizontal bar of an andiron.
Brandished	of Brandish
Brandishing	of Brandish
Brandish	To move or wave, as a weapon; to raise and move in various directions; to shake or flourish.
Brandish	To play with; to flourish; as, to brandish syllogisms.
Brandish	A flourish, as with a weapon, whip, etc.
Brandisher	One who brandishes.
Brandle	To shake; to totter.
Brandling	Alt. of Brandlin
Brandlin	Same as Branlin, fish and worm.
Brand-new	Quite new; bright as if fresh from the forge.
Brand spore	One of several spores growing in a series or chain, and produced by one of the fungi called brand.
Brandies	of Brandy
Brandy	A strong alcoholic liquor distilled from wine. The name is also given to spirit distilled from other liquors, and in the United States to that distilled from cider and peaches. In northern Europe, it is also applied to a spirit obtained from grain.
Brandywine	Brandy.
Brangle	A wrangle; a squabble; a noisy contest or dispute.
Brangled	of Brangle
Brangling	of Brangle
Brangle	To wrangle; to dispute contentiously; to squabble.
Branglement	Wrangle; brangle.
Brangler	A quarrelsome person.
Brangling	A quarrel.
Brank	Buckwheat.
Brank	Alt. of Branks
Branks	A sort of bridle with wooden side pieces.
Branks	A scolding bridle, an instrument formerly used for correcting scolding women. It was an iron frame surrounding the head and having a triangular piece entering the mouth of the scold.
Brank	To hold up and toss the head; -- applied to horses as spurning the bit.
Brank	To prance; to caper.
Brankursine	Bear's-breech, or Acanthus.
Branlin	A young salmon or parr, in the stage in which it has transverse black bands, as if burned by a gridiron.
Branlin	A small red worm or larva, used as bait for small fresh-water fish; -- so called from its red color.
Bran-new	See Brand-new.
Branny	Having the appearance of bran; consisting of or containing bran.
Bransle	A brawl or dance.
Brant	A species of wild goose (Branta bernicla) -- called also brent and brand goose. The name is also applied to other related species.
Brant	Steep.
Brantail	The European redstart; -- so called from the red color of its tail.
Brant-fox	A kind of fox found in Sweden (Vulpes alopex), smaller than the common fox (V. vulgaris), but probably a variety of it.
Branular	Relating to the brain; cerebral.
Brasen	Same as Brazen.
Brash	Hasty in temper; impetuous.
Brash	Brittle, as wood or vegetables.
Brash	A rash or eruption; a sudden or transient fit of sickness.
Brash	Refuse boughs of trees; also, the clippings of hedges.
Brash	Broken and angular fragments of rocks underlying alluvial deposits.
Brash	Broken fragments of ice.
Brasier	Alt. of Brazier
Brazier	An artificer who works in brass.
Brasier	Alt. of Brazier
Brazier	A pan for holding burning coals.
Brasses	of Brass
Brass	An alloy (usually yellow) of copper and zinc, in variable proportion, but often containing two parts of copper to one part of zinc. It sometimes contains tin, and rarely other metals.
Brass	A journal bearing, so called because frequently made of brass. A brass is often lined with a softer metal, when the latter is generally called a white metal lining. See Axle box, Journal Box, and Bearing.
Brass	Coin made of copper, brass, or bronze.
Brass	Impudence; a brazen face.
Brass	Utensils, ornaments, or other articles of brass.
Brass	A brass plate engraved with a figure or device. Specifically, one used as a memorial to the dead, and generally having the portrait, coat of arms, etc.
Brass	Lumps of pyrites or sulphuret of iron, the color of which is near to that of brass.
Brassage	A sum formerly levied to pay the expense of coinage; -- now called seigniorage.
Brassart	Armor for the arm; -- generally used for the whole arm from the shoulder to the wrist, and consisting, in the 15th and 16th centuries, of many parts.
Brasse	A spotted European fish of the genus Lucioperca, resembling a perch.
Brassets	See Brassart.
Brassica	A genus of plants embracing several species and varieties differing much in appearance and qualities: such as the common cabbage (B. oleracea), broccoli, cauliflowers, etc.; the wild turnip (B. campestris); the common turnip (B. rapa); the rape or coleseed (B. napus), etc.
Brassicaceous	Related to, or resembling, the cabbage, or plants of the Cabbage family.
Brassiness	The state, condition, or quality of being brassy.
Brass-visaged	Impudent; bold.
Brassy	Of or pertaining to brass; having the nature, appearance, or hardness, of brass.
Brassy	Impudent; impudently bold.
Brast	To burst.
Brat	A coarse garment or cloak; also, coarse clothing, in general.
Brat	A coarse kind of apron for keeping the clothes clean; a bib.
Brat	A child; an offspring; -- formerly used in a good sense, but now usually in a contemptuous sense.
Brat	The young of an animal.
Brat	A thin bed of coal mixed with pyrites or carbonate of lime.
Bratsche	The tenor viola, or viola.
Brattice	A wall of separation in a shaft or gallery used for ventilation.
Brattice	Planking to support a roof or wall.
Brattishing	See Brattice, n.
Brattishing	Carved openwork, as of a shrine, battlement, or parapet.
Braunite	A native oxide of manganese, of dark brownish black color. It was named from a Mr. Braun of Gotha.
Bravade	Bravado.
Bravadoes	of Bravado
Bravado	Boastful and threatening behavior; a boastful menace.
Brave	Bold; courageous; daring; intrepid; -- opposed to cowardly; as, a brave man; a brave act.
Brave	Having any sort of superiority or excellence; -- especially such as in conspicuous.
Brave	Making a fine show or display.
Brave	A brave person; one who is daring.
Brave	Specifically, an Indian warrior.
Brave	A man daring beyond discretion; a bully.
Brave	A challenge; a defiance; bravado.
Braved	of Brave
Braving	of Brave
Brave	To encounter with courage and fortitude; to set at defiance; to defy; to dare.
Brave	To adorn; to make fine or showy.
Bravely	In a brave manner; courageously; gallantly; valiantly; splendidly; nobly.
Bravely	Finely; gaudily; gayly; showily.
Bravely	Well; thrivingly; prosperously.
Braveness	The quality of state or being brave.
Bravery	The quality of being brave; fearless; intrepidity.
Bravery	The act of braving; defiance; bravado.
Bravery	Splendor; magnificence; showy appearance; ostentation; fine dress.
Bravery	A showy person; a fine gentleman; a beau.
Braving	A bravado; a boast.
Bravingly	In a defiant manner.
Bravoes	of Bravo
Bravo	A daring villain; a bandit; one who sets law at defiance; a professional assassin or murderer.
Bravo	Well done! excellent! an exclamation expressive of applause.
Bravura	A florid, brilliant style of music, written for effect, to show the range and flexibility of a singer's voice, or the technical force and skill of a performer; virtuoso music.
Brawled	of Brawl
Brawling	of Brawl
Brawl	To quarrel noisily and outrageously.
Brawl	To complain loudly; to scold.
Brawl	To make a loud confused noise, as the water of a rapid stream running over stones.
Brawl	A noisy quarrel; loud, angry contention; a wrangle; a tumult; as, a drunken brawl.
Brawler	One that brawls; wrangler.
Brawling	Quarreling; quarrelsome; noisy.
Brawling	Making a loud confused noise. See Brawl, v. i., 3.
Brawlingly	In a brawling manner.
Brawn	A muscle; flesh.
Brawn	Full, strong muscles, esp. of the arm or leg, muscular strength; a protuberant muscular part of the body; sometimes, the arm.
Brawn	The flesh of a boar; also, the salted and prepared flesh of a boar.
Brawn	A boar.
Brawned	Brawny; strong; muscular.
Brawner	A boor killed for the table.
Brawniness	The quality or state of being brawny.
Brawny	Having large, strong muscles; muscular; fleshy; strong.
Braxy	A disease of sheep. The term is variously applied in different localities.
Braxy	A diseased sheep, or its mutton.
Brayed	of Bray
Braying	of Bray
Bray	To pound, beat, rub, or grind small or fine.
Bray	To utter a loud, harsh cry, as an ass.
Bray	To make a harsh, grating, or discordant noise.
Bray	To make or utter with a loud, discordant, or harsh and grating sound.
Bray	The harsh cry of an ass; also, any harsh, grating, or discordant sound.
Bray	A bank; the slope of a hill; a hill. See Brae, which is now the usual spelling.
Brayer	An implement for braying and spreading ink in hand printing.
Brayer	One that brays like an ass.
Braying	Making a harsh noise; blaring.
Brazed	of Braze
Brazing	of Braze
Braze	To solder with hard solder, esp. with an alloy of copper and zinc; as, to braze the seams of a copper pipe.
Braze	To harden.
Braze	To cover or ornament with brass.
Brazen	Pertaining to, made of, or resembling, brass.
Brazen	Sounding harsh and loud, like resounding brass.
Brazen	Impudent; immodest; shameless; having a front like brass; as, a brazen countenance.
Brazened	of Brazen
Brazening	of Brazen
Brazen	To carry through impudently or shamelessly; as, to brazen the matter through.
Brazen-browed	Shamelessly impudent.
Brazenface	An impudent or shameless person.
Brazenfaced	Impudent; shameless.
Brazenly	In a bold, impudent manner.
Brazenness	The quality or state of being brazen.
Brazier	Same as Brasier.
Braziletto	See Brazil wood.
Brazilian	Of or pertaining to Brazil.
Brazilian	A native or an inhabitant of Brazil.
Brazilin	A substance contained in both Brazil wood and Sapan wood, from which it is extracted as a yellow crystalline substance which is white when pure. It is colored intensely red by alkalies.
Brazil nut	An oily, three-sided nut, the seed of the Bertholletia excelsa; the cream nut.
Brazil wood	The wood of the oriental Caesalpinia Sapan; -- so called before the discovery of America.
Brazil wood	A very heavy wood of a reddish color, imported from Brazil and other tropical countries, for cabinet-work, and for dyeing. The best is the heartwood of Caesalpinia echinata, a leguminous tree; but other trees also yield it. An inferior sort comes from Jamaica, the timber of C. Braziliensis and C. crista. This is often distinguished as Braziletto , but the better kind is also frequently so named.
Breach	The act of breaking, in a figurative sense.
Breach	Specifically: A breaking or infraction of a law, or of any obligation or tie; violation; non-fulfillment; as, a breach of contract; a breach of promise.
Breach	A gap or opening made made by breaking or battering, as in a wall or fortification; the space between the parts of a solid body rent by violence; a break; a rupture.
Breach	A breaking of waters, as over a vessel; the waters themselves; surge; surf.
Breach	A breaking up of amicable relations; rupture.
Breach	A bruise; a wound.
Breach	A hernia; a rupture.
Breach	A breaking out upon; an assault.
Breached	of Breach
Breaching	of Breach
Breach	To make a breach or opening in; as, to breach the walls of a city.
Breach	To break the water, as by leaping out; -- said of a whale.
Breachy	Apt to break fences or to break out of pasture; unruly; as, breachy cattle.
Bread	To spread.
Bread	An article of food made from flour or meal by moistening, kneading, and baking.
Bread	Food; sustenance; support of life, in general.
Bread	To cover with bread crumbs, preparatory to cooking; as, breaded cutlets.
Breadbasket	The stomach.
Breadcorn	Corn of grain of which bread is made, as wheat, rye, etc.
Breaded	Braided
Breaden	Made of bread.
Breadfruit	The fruit of a tree (Artocarpus incisa)  found in the islands of the Pacific, esp. the South Sea islands. It is of a roundish form, from four to six or seven inches in diameter, and, when baked, somewhat resembles bread, and is eaten as food, whence the name.
Breadfruit	The tree itself, which is one of considerable size, with large, lobed leaves. Cloth is made from the bark, and the timber is used for many purposes. Called also breadfruit tree and bread tree.
Breadless	Without bread; destitute of food.
Breadroot	The root of a leguminous plant (Psoralea esculenta), found near the Rocky Mountains. It is usually oval in form, and abounds in farinaceous matter, affording sweet and palatable food.
Breadstuff	Grain, flour, or meal of which bread is made.
Breadth	Distance from side to side of any surface or thing; measure across, or at right angles to the length; width.
Breadthless	Without breadth.
Breadthways	Breadthwise.
Breadthwise	In the direction of the breadth.
Breadthwinner	The member of a family whose labor supplies the food of the family; one who works for his living.
broke	of Break
Brake	of Break
Broken	of Break
Broke	of Break
Breaking	of Break
Break	To strain apart; to sever by fracture; to divide with violence; as, to break a rope or chain; to break a seal; to break an axle; to break rocks or coal; to break a lock.
Break	To lay open as by breaking; to divide; as, to break a package of goods.
Break	To lay open, as a purpose; to disclose, divulge, or communicate.
Break	To infringe or violate, as an obligation, law, or promise.
Break	To interrupt; to destroy the continuity of; to dissolve or terminate; as, to break silence; to break one's sleep; to break one's journey.
Break	To destroy the completeness of; to remove a part from; as, to break a set.
Break	To destroy the arrangement of; to throw into disorder; to pierce; as, the cavalry were not able to break the British squares.
Break	To shatter to pieces; to reduce to fragments.
Break	To exchange for other money or currency of smaller denomination; as, to break a five dollar bill.
Break	To destroy the strength, firmness, or consistency of; as, to break flax.
Break	To weaken or impair, as health, spirit, or mind.
Break	To diminish the force of; to lessen the shock of, as a fall or blow.
Break	To impart, as news or information; to broach; -- with to, and often with a modified word implying some reserve; as, to break the news gently to the widow; to break a purpose cautiously to a friend.
Break	To tame; to reduce to subjection; to make tractable; to discipline; as, to break a horse to the harness or saddle.
Break	To destroy the financial credit of; to make bankrupt; to ruin.
Break	To destroy the official character and standing of; to cashier; to dismiss.
Break	To come apart or divide into two or more pieces, usually with suddenness and violence; to part; to burst asunder.
Break	To open spontaneously, or by pressure from within, as a bubble, a tumor, a seed vessel, a bag.
Break	To burst forth; to make its way; to come to view; to appear; to dawn.
Break	To burst forth violently, as a storm.
Break	To open up; to be scattered; to be dissipated; as, the clouds are breaking.
Break	To become weakened in constitution or faculties; to lose health or strength.
Break	To be crushed, or overwhelmed with sorrow or grief; as, my heart is breaking.
Break	To fall in business; to become bankrupt.
Break	To make an abrupt or sudden change; to change the gait; as, to break into a run or gallop.
Break	To fail in musical quality; as, a singer's voice breaks when it is strained beyond its compass and a tone or note is not completed, but degenerates into an unmusical sound instead. Also, to change in tone, as a boy's voice at puberty.
Break	To fall out; to terminate friendship.
Break	An opening made by fracture or disruption.
Break	An interruption of continuity; change of direction; as, a break in a wall; a break in the deck of a ship.
Break	A projection or recess from the face of a building.
Break	An opening or displacement in the circuit, interrupting the electrical current.
Break	An interruption; a pause; as, a break in friendship; a break in the conversation.
Break	An interruption in continuity in writing or printing, as where there is an omission, an unfilled line, etc.
Break	The first appearing, as of light in the morning; the dawn; as, the break of day; the break of dawn.
Break	A large four-wheeled carriage, having a straight body and calash top, with the driver's seat in front and the footman's behind.
Break	A device for checking motion, or for measuring friction. See Brake, n. 9 & 10.
Break	See Commutator.
Breakable	Capable of being broken.
Breakage	The act of breaking; a break; a breaking; also, articles broken.
Breakage	An allowance or compensation for things broken accidentally, as in transportation or use.
Breakbone fever	See Dengue.
Break-circuit	A key or other device for breaking an electrical circuit.
Breakdown	The act or result of breaking down, as of a carriage; downfall.
Breakdown	A noisy, rapid, shuffling dance engaged in competitively by a number of persons or pairs in succession, as among the colored people of the Southern United States, and so called, perhaps, because the exercise is continued until most of those who take part in it break down.
Breakdown	Any rude, noisy dance performed by shuffling the feet, usually by one person at a time.
Breaker	One who, or that which, breaks.
Breaker	Specifically: A machine for breaking rocks, or for breaking coal at the mines; also, the building in which such a machine is placed.
Breaker	A small water cask.
Breaker	A wave breaking into foam against the shore, or against a sand bank, or a rock or reef near the surface.
Breakfast	The first meal in the day, or that which is eaten at the first meal.
Breakfast	A meal after fasting, or food in general.
breakfasted	of Breakfast
Breakfasting	of Breakfast
Breakfast	To break one's fast in the morning; too eat the first meal in the day.
Breakfast	To furnish with breakfast.
Breakman	See Brakeman.
Breakneck	A fall that breaks the neck.
Breakneck	A steep place endangering the neck.
Breakneck	Producing danger of a broken neck; as, breakneck speed.
Break-up	Disruption; a separation and dispersion of the parts or members; as, a break-up of an assembly or dinner party; a break-up of the government.
Breakwater	Any structure or contrivance, as a mole, or a wall at the mouth of a harbor, to break the force of waves, and afford protection from their violence.
Bream	A European fresh-water cyprinoid fish of the genus Abramis, little valued as food. Several species are known.
Bream	An American fresh-water fish, of various species of Pomotis and allied genera, which are also called sunfishes and pondfishes. See Pondfish.
Bream	A marine sparoid fish of the genus Pagellus, and allied genera. See Sea Bream.
Breamed	of Bream
Breaming	of Bream
Bream	To clean, as a ship's bottom of adherent shells, seaweed, etc., by the application of fire and scraping.
Breast	The fore part of the body, between the neck and the belly; the chest; as, the breast of a man or of a horse.
Breast	Either one of the protuberant glands, situated on the front of the chest or thorax in the female of man and of some other mammalia, in which milk is secreted for the nourishment of the young; a mamma; a teat.
Breast	Anything resembling the human breast, or bosom; the front or forward part of anything; as, a chimney breast; a plow breast; the breast of a hill.
Breast	The face of a coal working.
Breast	The front of a furnace.
Breast	The seat of consciousness; the repository of thought and self-consciousness, or of secrets; the seat of the affections and passions; the heart.
Breast	The power of singing; a musical voice; -- so called, probably, from the connection of the voice with the lungs, which lie within the breast.
Breasted	of Breast
Breasting	of Breast
Breast	To meet, with the breast; to struggle with or oppose manfully; as, to breast the storm or waves.
Breastband	A band for the breast. Specifically: (Naut.) A band of canvas, or a rope, fastened at both ends to the rigging, to support the man who heaves the lead in sounding.
Breastbeam	The front transverse beam of a locomotive.
Breastbone	The bone of the breast; the sternum.
Breast-deep	Deep as from the breast to the feet; as high as the breast.
Breasted	Having a breast; -- used in composition with qualifying words, in either a literal or a metaphorical sense; as, a single-breasted coat.
Breastfast	A large rope to fasten the midship part of a ship to a wharf, or to another vessel.
Breastheight	The interior slope of a fortification, against which the garrison lean in firing.
Breast-high	High as the breast.
Breasthook	A thick piece of timber in the form of a knee, placed across the stem of a ship to strengthen the fore part and unite the bows on each side.
Breasting	The curved channel in which a breast wheel turns. It is closely adapted to the curve of the wheel through about a quarter of its circumference, and prevents the escape of the water until it has spent its force upon the wheel. See Breast wheel.
Breastknot	A knot of ribbons worn on the breast.
Breastpin	A pin worn on the breast for a fastening, or for ornament; a brooch.
Breastplate	A plate of metal covering the breast as defensive armor.
Breastplate	A piece against which the workman presses his breast in operating a breast drill, or other similar tool.
Breastplate	A strap that runs across a horse's breast.
Breastplate	A part of the vestment of the high priest, worn upon the front of the ephod. It was a double piece of richly embroidered stuff, a span square, set with twelve precious stones, on which were engraved the names of the twelve tribes of Israel. See Ephod.
Breastplow	Alt. of Breastplough
Breastplough	A kind of plow, driven by the breast of the workman; -- used to cut or pare turf.
Breastrail	The upper rail of any parapet of ordinary height, as of a balcony; the railing of a quarter-deck, etc.
Breastrope	See Breastband.
Breastsummer	A summer or girder extending across a building flush with, and supporting, the upper part of a front or external wall; a long lintel; a girder; -- used principally above shop windows.
Breastwheel	A water wheel, on which the stream of water strikes neither so high as in the overshot wheel, nor so low as in the undershot, but generally at about half the height of the wheel, being kept in contact with it by the breasting. The water acts on the float boards partly by impulse, partly by its weight.
Breastwork	A defensive work of moderate height, hastily thrown up, of earth or other material.
Breastwork	A railing on the quarter-deck and forecastle.
Breath	The air inhaled and exhaled in respiration; air which, in the process of respiration, has parted with oxygen and has received carbonic acid, aqueous vapor, warmth, etc.
Breath	The act of breathing naturally or freely; the power or capacity to breathe freely; as, I am out of breath.
Breath	The power of respiration, and hence, life.
Breath	Time to breathe; respite; pause.
Breath	A single respiration, or the time of making it; a single act; an instant.
Breath	Fig.: That which gives or strengthens life.
Breath	A single word; the slightest effort; a trifle.
Breath	A very slight breeze; air in gentle motion.
Breath	Fragrance; exhalation; odor; perfume.
Breath	Gentle exercise, causing a quicker respiration.
Breathable	Such as can be breathed.
Breathableness	State of being breathable.
Breathed	of Breathe
Breathing	of Breathe
Breathe	To respire; to inhale and exhale air; hence;, to live.
Breathe	To take breath; to rest from action.
Breathe	To pass like breath; noiselessly or gently; to exhale; to emanate; to blow gently.
Breathe	To inhale and exhale in the process of respiration; to respire.
Breathe	To inject by breathing; to infuse; -- with into.
Breathe	To emit or utter by the breath; to utter softly; to whisper; as, to breathe a vow.
Breathe	To exhale; to emit, as breath; as, the flowers breathe odors or perfumes.
Breathe	To express; to manifest; to give forth.
Breathe	To act upon by the breath; to cause to sound by breathing.
Breathe	To promote free respiration in; to exercise.
Breathe	To suffer to take breath, or recover the natural breathing; to rest; as, to breathe a horse.
Breathe	To put out of breath; to exhaust.
Breathe	To utter without vocality, as the nonvocal consonants.
Breather	One who breathes. Hence: (a) One who lives.(b) One who utters. (c) One who animates or inspires.
Breather	That which puts one out of breath, as violent exercise.
Breathful	Full of breath; full of odor; fragrant.
Breathing	Respiration; the act of inhaling and exhaling air.
Breathing	Air in gentle motion.
Breathing	Any gentle influence or operation; inspiration; as, the breathings of the Spirit.
Breathing	Aspiration; secret prayer.
Breathing	Exercising; promotion of respiration.
Breathing	Utterance; communication or publicity by words.
Breathing	Breathing place; vent.
Breathing	Stop; pause; delay.
Breathing	Also, in a wider sense, the sound caused by the friction of the outgoing breath in the throat, mouth, etc., when the glottis is wide open; aspiration; the sound expressed by the letter h.
Breathing	A mark to indicate aspiration or its absence. See Rough breathing, Smooth breathing, below.
Breathless	Spent with labor or violent action; out of breath.
Breathless	Not breathing; holding the breath, on account of fear, expectation, or intense interest; attended with a holding of the breath; as, breathless attention.
Breathless	Dead; as, a breathless body.
Breathlessly	In a breathless manner.
Breathlessness	The state of being breathless or out of breath.
Breccia	A rock composed of angular fragments either of the same mineral or of different minerals, etc., united by a cement, and commonly presenting a variety of colors.
Brecciated	Consisting of angular fragments cemented together; resembling breccia in appearance.
Bred	imp. & p. p. of Breed.
Brede	Alt. of Breede
Breede	Breadth.
Brede	A braid.
Breech	The lower part of the body behind; the buttocks.
Breech	Breeches.
Breech	The hinder part of anything; esp., the part of a cannon, or other firearm, behind the chamber.
Breech	The external angle of knee timber, the inside of which is called the throat.
Breeched	of Breech
Breeching	of Breech
Breech	To put into, or clothe with, breeches.
Breech	To cover as with breeches.
Breech	To fit or furnish with a breech; as, to breech a gun.
Breech	To whip on the breech.
Breech	To fasten with breeching.
Breechblock	The movable piece which closes the breech of a breech-loading firearm, and resists the backward force of the discharge. It is withdrawn for the insertion of a cartridge, and closed again before the gun is fired.
Breechcloth	A cloth worn around the breech.
Breeches	A garment worn by men, covering the hips and thighs; smallclothes.
Breeches	Trousers; pantaloons.
Breeching	A whipping on the breech, or the act of whipping on the breech.
Breeching	That part of a harness which passes round the breech of a horse, enabling him to hold back a vehicle.
Breeching	A strong rope rove through the cascabel of a cannon and secured to ringbolts in the ship's side, to limit the recoil of the gun when it is discharged.
Breeching	The sheet iron casing at the end of boilers to convey the smoke from the flues to the smokestack.
Breechloader	A firearm which receives its load at the breech.
Breech-loading	Receiving the charge at the breech instead of at the muzzle.
Breech pin	Alt. of Breech screw
Breech screw	A strong iron or steel plug screwed into the breech of a musket or other firearm, to close the bottom of the bore.
Breech sight	A device attached to the breech of a firearm, to guide the eye, in conjunction with the front sight, in taking aim.
Bred	of Breed
Breeding	of Breed
Breed	To produce as offspring; to bring forth; to bear; to procreate; to generate; to beget; to hatch.
Breed	To take care of in infancy, and through the age of youth; to bring up; to nurse and foster.
Breed	To educate; to instruct; to form by education; to train; -- sometimes followed by up.
Breed	To engender; to cause; to occasion; to originate; to produce; as, to breed a storm; to breed disease.
Breed	To give birth to; to be the native place of; as, a pond breeds fish; a northern country breeds stout men.
Breed	To raise, as any kind of stock.
Breed	To produce or obtain by any natural process.
Breed	To bear and nourish young; to reproduce or multiply itself; to be pregnant.
Breed	To be formed in the parent or dam; to be generated, or to grow, as young before birth.
Breed	To have birth; to be produced or multiplied.
Breed	To raise a breed; to get progeny.
Breed	A race or variety of men or other animals (or of plants), perpetuating its special or distinctive characteristics by inheritance.
Breed	Class; sort; kind; -- of men, things, or qualities.
Breed	A number produced at once; a brood.
Breedbate	One who breeds or originates quarrels.
Breeder	One who, or that which, breeds, produces, brings up, etc.
Breeder	A cause.
Breeding	The act or process of generating or bearing.
Breeding	The raising or improving of any kind of domestic animals; as, farmers should pay attention to breeding.
Breeding	Nurture; education; formation of manners.
Breeding	Deportment or behavior in the external offices and decorums of social life; manners; knowledge of, or training in, the ceremonies, or polite observances of society.
Breeding	Descent; pedigree; extraction.
Breeze	Alt. of Breeze fly
Breeze fly	A fly of various species, of the family Tabanidae, noted for buzzing about animals, and tormenting them by sucking their blood; -- called also horsefly, and gadfly. They are among the largest of two-winged or dipterous insects. The name is also given to different species of botflies.
Breeze	A light, gentle wind; a fresh, soft-blowing wind.
Breeze	An excited or ruffed state of feeling; a flurry of excitement; a disturbance; a quarrel; as, the discovery produced a breeze.
Breeze	Refuse left in the process of making coke or burning charcoal.
Breeze	Refuse coal, coal ashes, and cinders, used in the burning of bricks.
Breeze	To blow gently.
Breezeless	Motionless; destitute of breezes.
Breeziness	State of being breezy.
Breezy	Characterized by, or having, breezes; airy.
Breezy	Fresh; brisk; full of life.
Bregma	The point of junction of the coronal and sagittal sutures of the skull.
Bregmatic	Pertaining to the bregma.
Brehon	An ancient Irish or Scotch judge.
Breme	Fierce; sharp; severe; cruel.
Breme	Famous; renowned; well known.
Brent	of Brenne
Brenning	of Brenne
Bren	Alt. of Brenne
Brenne	To burn.
Bren	Bran.
Brennage	A tribute which tenants paid to their lord, in lieu of bran, which they were obliged to furnish for his hounds.
Brenningly	Burningly; ardently.
Brent	Alt. of Brant
Brant	Steep; high.
Brant	Smooth; unwrinkled.
Brent	Burnt.
Brent	A brant. See Brant.
Brequet chain	A watch-guard.
Brere	A brier.
Brest	for Bursteth.
Brest	Alt. of Breast
Breast	A torus.
Brast	of Breste
Brusten	of Breste
Borsten	of Breste
Bursten	of Breste
Breste	To burst.
Brestsummer	See Breastsummer.
Bret	See Birt.
Bretful	Brimful.
Brethren	pl. of Brother.
Breton	Of or relating to Brittany, or Bretagne, in France.
Breton	A native or inhabitant of Brittany, or Bretagne, in France; also, the ancient language of Brittany; Armorican.
Brett	Same as Britzska.
Brettices	of Brettice
Brettice	The wooden boarding used in supporting the roofs and walls of coal mines. See Brattice.
Bretwalda	The official title applied to that one of the Anglo-Saxon chieftains who was chosen by the other chiefs to lead them in their warfare against the British tribes.
Bretzel	See Pretzel.
Breve	A note or character of time, equivalent to two semibreves or four minims. When dotted, it is equal to three semibreves. It was formerly of a square figure (as thus: / ), but is now made oval, with a line perpendicular to the staff on each of its sides; -- formerly much used for choir service.
Breve	Any writ or precept under seal, issued out of any court.
Breve	A curved mark [/] used commonly to indicate the short quantity of a vowel.
Breve	The great ant thrush of Sumatra (Pitta gigas), which has a very short tail.
Brevet	A warrant from the government, granting a privilege, title, or dignity. [French usage].
Brevet	A commission giving an officer higher rank than that for which he receives pay; an honorary promotion of an officer.
Brevetted	of Brevet
Brevetting	of Brevet
Brevet	To confer rank upon by brevet.
Brevet	Taking or conferring rank by brevet; as, a brevet colonel; a brevet commission.
Brevetcies	of Brevetcy
Brevetcy	The rank or condition of a brevet officer.
Breviaries	of Breviary
Breviary	An abridgment; a compend; an epitome; a brief account or summary.
Breviary	A book containing the daily public or canonical prayers of the Roman Catholic or of the Greek Church for the seven canonical hours, namely, matins and lauds, the first, third, sixth, and ninth hours, vespers, and compline; -- distinguished from the missal.
Breviate	A short compend; a summary; a brief statement.
Breviate	A lawyer's brief.
Breviate	To abbreviate.
Breviature	An abbreviature; an abbreviation.
Brevier	A size of type between bourgeois and minion.
Breviloquence	A brief and pertinent mode of speaking.
Breviped	Having short legs.
Breviped	A breviped bird.
Brevipen	A brevipennate bird.
Brevipennate	Short-winged; -- applied to birds which can not fly, owing to their short wings, as the ostrich, cassowary, and emu.
Brevirostral	Alt. of Brevirostrate
Brevirostrate	Short-billed; having a short beak.
Brevities	of Brevity
Brevity	Shortness of duration; briefness of time; as, the brevity of human life.
Brevity	Contraction into few words; conciseness.
Brewed	of Brew
Brewing	of Brew
Brew	To boil or seethe; to cook.
Brew	To prepare, as beer or other liquor, from malt and hops, or from other materials, by steeping, boiling, and fermentation.
Brew	To prepare by steeping and mingling; to concoct.
Brew	To foment or prepare, as by brewing; to contrive; to plot; to concoct; to hatch; as, to brew mischief.
Brew	To attend to the business, or go through the processes, of brewing or making beer.
Brew	To be in a state of preparation; to be mixing, forming, or gathering; as, a storm brews in the west.
Brew	The mixture formed by brewing; that which is brewed.
Brewage	Malt liquor; drink brewed.
Brewer	One who brews; one whose occupation is to prepare malt liquors.
Brewery	A brewhouse; the building and apparatus where brewing is carried on.
Brewhouse	A house or building appropriated to brewing; a brewery.
Brewing	The act or process of preparing liquors which are brewed, as beer and ale.
Brewing	The quantity brewed at once.
Brewing	A mixing together.
Brewing	A gathering or forming of a storm or squall, indicated by thick, dark clouds.
Brewis	Broth or pottage.
Brewis	Bread soaked in broth, drippings of roast meat, milk, or water and butter.
Brewsterite	A rare zeolitic mineral occurring in white monoclinic crystals with pearly luster. It is a hydrous silicate of aluminia, baryta, and strontia.
Brezilin	See Brazilin.
Briar	Same as Brier.
Briarean	Pertaining to, or resembling, Briareus, a giant fabled to have a hundred hands; hence, hundred-handed or many-handed.
Bribable	Capable of being bribed.
Bribe	A gift begged; a present.
Bribe	A price, reward, gift, or favor bestowed or promised with a view to prevent the judgment or corrupt the conduct of a judge, witness, voter, or other person in a position of trust.
Bribe	That which seduces; seduction; allurement.
Bribed	of Bribe
Bribing	of Bribe
Bribe	To rob or steal.
Bribe	To give or promise a reward or consideration to (a judge, juror, legislator, voter, or other person in a position of trust) with a view to prevent the judgment or corrupt the conduct; to induce or influence by a bribe; to give a bribe to.
Bribe	To gain by a bribe; of induce as by a bribe.
Bribe	To commit robbery or theft.
Bribe	To give a bribe to a person; to pervert the judgment or corrupt the action of a person in a position of trust, by some gift or promise.
Bribeless	Incapable of being bribed; free from bribes.
Briber	A thief.
Briber	One who bribes, or pays for corrupt practices.
Briber	That which bribes; a bribe.
Briberies	of Bribery
Bribery	Robbery; extortion.
Bribery	The act or practice of giving or taking bribes; the act of influencing the official or political action of another by corrupt inducements.
Bric-a brac	Miscellaneous curiosities and works of decorative art, considered collectively.
Brick	A block or clay tempered with water, sand, etc., molded into a regular form, usually rectangular, and sun-dried, or burnt in a kiln, or in a heap or stack called a clamp.
Brick	Bricks, collectively, as designating that kind of material; as, a load of brick; a thousand of brick.
Brick	Any oblong rectangular mass; as, a brick of maple sugar; a penny brick (of bread).
Brick	A good fellow; a merry person; as, you 're a brick.
Bricked	of Brick
Bricking	of Brick
Brick	To lay or pave with bricks; to surround, line, or construct with bricks.
Brick	To imitate or counterfeit a brick wall on, as by smearing plaster with red ocher, making the joints with an edge tool, and pointing them.
Brickbat	A piece or fragment of a brick. See Bat, 4.
Brickkiln	A kiln, or furnace, in which bricks are baked or burnt; or a pile of green bricks, laid loose, with arches underneath to receive the wood or fuel for burning them.
Bricklayer	One whose occupation is to build with bricks.
Bricklaying	The art of building with bricks, or of uniting them by cement or mortar into various forms; the act or occupation of laying bricks.
Brickle	Brittle; easily broken.
Brickleness	Brittleness.
Brickmaker	One whose occupation is to make bricks.
Brickwork	Anything made of bricks.
Brickwork	The act of building with or laying bricks.
Bricky	Full of bricks; formed of bricks; resembling bricks or brick dust.
Brickyard	A place where bricks are made, especially an inclosed place.
Bricole	A kind of traces with hooks and rings, with which men drag and maneuver guns where horses can not be used.
Brid	A bird.
Bridal	Of or pertaining to a bride, or to wedding; nuptial; as, bridal ornaments; a bridal outfit; a bridal chamber.
Bridal	A nuptial festival or ceremony; a marriage.
Bridalty	Celebration of the nuptial feast.
Bride	A woman newly married, or about to be married.
Bride	Fig.: An object ardently loved.
Bride	To make a bride of.
Bride-ale	A rustic wedding feast; a bridal. See Ale.
Bridebed	The marriage bed.
Bridecake	Rich or highly ornamented cake, to be distributed to the guests at a wedding, or sent to friends after the wedding.
Bridechamber	The nuptial apartment.
Bridegroom	A man newly married, or just about to be married.
Brideknot	A knot of ribbons worn by a guest at a wedding; a wedding favor.
Bridemaid	Alt. of Brideman
Brideman	See Bridesmaid, Bridesman.
Bridesmaid	A female friend who attends on a bride at her wedding.
Bridesmen	of Bridesman
Bridesman	A male friend who attends upon a bridegroom and bride at their marriage; the "best man."
Bridestake	A stake or post set in the ground, for guests at a wedding to dance round.
Bridewell	A house of correction for the confinement of disorderly persons; -- so called from a hospital built in 1553 near St. Bride's (or Bridget's) well, in London, which was subsequently a penal workhouse.
Bridge	A structure, usually of wood, stone, brick, or iron, erected over a river or other water course, or over a chasm, railroad, etc., to make a passageway from one bank to the other.
Bridge	Anything supported at the ends, which serves to keep some other thing from resting upon the object spanned, as in engraving, watchmaking, etc., or which forms a platform or staging over which something passes or is conveyed.
Bridge	The small arch or bar at right angles to the strings of a violin, guitar, etc., serving of raise them and transmit their vibrations to the body of the instrument.
Bridge	A device to measure the resistance of a wire or other conductor forming part of an electric circuit.
Bridge	A low wall or vertical partition in the fire chamber of a furnace, for deflecting flame, etc.; -- usually called a bridge wall.
Bridged	of Bridge
Bridging	of Bridge
Bridge	To build a bridge or bridges on or over; as, to bridge a river.
Bridge	To open or make a passage, as by a bridge.
Bridge	To find a way of getting over, as a difficulty; -- generally with over.
Bridgeboard	A notched board to which the treads and risers of the steps of wooden stairs are fastened.
Bridgeboard	A board or plank used as a bridge.
Bridgehead	A fortification commanding the extremity of a bridge nearest the enemy, to insure the preservation and usefulness of the bridge, and prevent the enemy from crossing; a tete-de-pont.
Bridgeless	Having no bridge; not bridged.
Bridgepot	The adjustable socket, or step, of a millstone spindle.
Bridgetree	The beam which supports the spindle socket of the runner in a grinding mill.
Bridge-ward	A bridge keeper; a warden or a guard for a bridge.
Bridge-ward	The principal ward of a key.
Bridgeing	The system of bracing used between floor or other timbers to distribute the weight.
Bridgey	Full of bridges.
Bridle	The head gear with which a horse is governed and restrained, consisting of a headstall, a bit, and reins, with other appendages.
Bridle	A restraint; a curb; a check.
Bridle	The piece in the interior of a gun lock, which holds in place the tumbler, sear, etc.
Bridle	A span of rope, line, or chain made fast as both ends, so that another rope, line, or chain may be attached to its middle.
Bridle	A mooring hawser.
Bridled	of Bridle
Bridling	of Bridle
Bridle	To put a bridle upon; to equip with a bridle; as, to bridle a horse.
Bridle	To restrain, guide, or govern, with, or as with, a bridle; to check, curb, or control; as, to bridle the passions; to bridle a muse.
Bridle	To hold up the head, and draw in the chin, as an expression of pride, scorn, or resentment; to assume a lofty manner; -- usually with up.
Bridle iron	A strong flat bar of iron, so bent as to support, as in a stirrup, one end of a floor timber, etc., where no sufficient bearing can be had; -- called also stirrup and hanger.
Bridler	One who bridles; one who restrains and governs, as with a bridle.
Bridoon	The snaffle and rein of a military bridle, which acts independently of the bit, at the pleasure of the rider. It is used in connection with a curb bit, which has its own rein.
Brief	Short in duration.
Brief	Concise; terse; succinct.
Brief	Rife; common; prevalent.
Brief	Briefly.
Brief	Soon; quickly.
Brief	A short concise writing or letter; a statement in few words.
Brief	An epitome.
Brief	An abridgment or concise statement of a client's case, made out for the instruction of counsel in a trial at law. This word is applied also to a statement of the heads or points of a law argument.
Brief	A writ; a breve. See Breve, n., 2.
Brief	A writ issuing from the chancery, directed to any judge ordinary, commanding and authorizing that judge to call a jury to inquire into the case, and upon their verdict to pronounce sentence.
Brief	A letter patent, from proper authority, authorizing a collection or charitable contribution of money in churches, for any public or private purpose.
Brief	To make an abstract or abridgment of; to shorten; as, to brief pleadings.
Briefless	Having no brief; without clients; as, a briefless barrister.
Briefly	Concisely; in few words.
Briefman	One who makes a brief.
Briefman	A copier of a manuscript.
Briefness	The quality of being brief; brevity; conciseness in discourse or writing.
Brier	Alt. of Briar
Briar	A plant with a slender woody stem bearing stout prickles; especially, species of Rosa, Rubus, and Smilax.
Briar	Fig.: Anything sharp or unpleasant to the feelings.
Briered	Set with briers.
Briery	Full of briers; thorny.
Briery	A place where briers grow.
Brig	A bridge.
Brig	A two-masted, square-rigged vessel.
Brigade	A body of troops, whether cavalry, artillery, infantry, or mixed, consisting of two or more regiments, under the command of a brigadier general.
Brigade	Any body of persons organized for acting or marching together under authority; as, a fire brigade.
Brigaded	of Brigade
Brigading	of Brigade
Brigade	To form into a brigade, or into brigades.
Brigadier general	An officer in rank next above a colonel, and below a major general. He commands a brigade, and is sometimes called, by a shortening of his title, simple a brigadier.
Brigand	A light-armed, irregular foot soldier.
Brigand	A lawless fellow who lives by plunder; one of a band of robbers; especially, one of a gang living in mountain retreats; a highwayman; a freebooter.
Brigandage	Life and practice of brigands; highway robbery; plunder.
Brigandine	A coast of armor for the body, consisting of scales or plates, sometimes overlapping each other, generally of metal, and sewed to linen or other material. It was worn in the Middle Ages.
Brigandish	Like a brigand or freebooter; robberlike.
Brigandism	Brigandage.
Brigantine	A practical vessel.
Brigantine	A two-masted, square-rigged vessel, differing from a brig in that she does not carry a square mainsail.
Brigantine	See Brigandine.
Brigge	A bridge.
Bright	See Brite, v. i.
Bright	Radiating or reflecting light; shedding or having much light; shining; luminous; not dark.
Bright	Transmitting light; clear; transparent.
Bright	Having qualities that render conspicuous or attractive, or that affect the mind as light does the eye; resplendent with charms; as, bright beauty.
Bright	Having a clear, quick intellect; intelligent.
Bright	Sparkling with wit; lively; vivacious; shedding cheerfulness and joy around; cheerful; cheery.
Bright	Illustrious; glorious.
Bright	Manifest to the mind, as light is to the eyes; clear; evident; plain.
Bright	Of brilliant color; of lively hue or appearance.
Bright	Splendor; brightness.
Bright	Brightly.
Brightened	of Brighten
Brightening	of Brighten
Brighten	To make bright or brighter; to make to shine; to increase the luster of; to give a brighter hue to.
Brighten	To make illustrious, or more distinguished; to add luster or splendor to.
Brighten	To improve or relieve by dispelling gloom or removing that which obscures and darkens; to shed light upon; to make cheerful; as, to brighten one's prospects.
Brighten	To make acute or witty; to enliven.
Brighten	To grow bright, or more bright; to become less dark or gloomy; to clear up; to become bright or cheerful.
Bright-harnessed	Having glittering armor.
Brightly	Brilliantly; splendidly; with luster; as, brightly shining armor.
Brightly	With lively intelligence; intelligently.
Brightness	The quality or state of being bright; splendor; luster; brilliancy; clearness.
Brightness	Acuteness (of the faculties); sharpness 9wit.
Bright's disease	An affection of the kidneys, usually inflammatory in character, and distinguished by the occurrence of albumin and renal casts in the urine. Several varieties of Bright's disease are now recognized, differing in the part of the kidney involved, and in the intensity and course of the morbid process.
Brightsome	Bright; clear; luminous; brilliant.
Brigose	Contentious; quarrelsome.
Brigue	A cabal, intrigue, faction, contention, strife, or quarrel.
Brigue	To contend for; to canvass; to solicit.
Brike	A breach; ruin; downfall; peril.
Brill	A fish allied to the turbot (Rhombus levis), much esteemed in England for food; -- called also bret, pearl, prill. See Bret.
Brillante	In a gay, showy, and sparkling style.
Brillance	Brilliancy.
Brillancy	The quality of being brilliant; splendor; glitter; great brightness, whether in a literal or figurative sense.
Brilliant	Sparkling with luster; glittering; very bright; as, a brilliant star.
Brilliant	Distinguished by qualities which excite admiration; splendid; shining; as, brilliant talents.
Brilliant	A diamond or other gem of the finest cut, formed into faces and facets, so as to reflect and refract the light, by which it is rendered more brilliant. It has at the middle, or top, a principal face, called the table, which is surrounded by a number of sloping facets forming a bizet; below, it has a small face or collet, parallel to the table, connected with the girdle by a pavilion of elongated facets. It is thus distinguished from the rose diamond, which is entirely covered with facets on the surface, and is flat below.
Brilliant	The smallest size of type used in England printing.
Brilliant	A kind of cotton goods, figured on the weaving.
Brilliantly	In a brilliant manner.
Brilliantness	Brilliancy; splendor; glitter.
Brills	The hair on the eyelids of a horse.
Brim	The rim, border, or upper edge of a cup, dish, or any hollow vessel used for holding anything.
Brim	The edge or margin, as of a fountain, or of the water contained in it; the brink; border.
Brim	The rim of a hat.
Brimmed	of Brim
Brimming	of Brim
Brim	To be full to the brim.
Brim	To fill to the brim, upper edge, or top.
Brim	Fierce; sharp; cold. See Breme.
Brimful	Full to the brim; completely full; ready to overflow.
Brimless	Having no brim; as, brimless caps.
Brimmed	Having a brim; -- usually in composition.
Brimmed	Full to, or level with, the brim.
Brimmer	A brimful bowl; a bumper.
Brimming	Full to the brim; overflowing.
Brimstone	Sulphur; See Sulphur.
Brimstone	Made of, or pertaining to, brimstone; as, brimstone matches.
Brimstony	Containing or resembling brimstone; sulphurous.
Brin	One of the radiating sticks of a fan. The outermost are larger and longer, and are called panaches.
Brinded	Of a gray or tawny color with streaks of darker hue; streaked; brindled.
Brindle	The state of being brindled.
Brindle	A brindled color; also, that which is brindled.
Brindle	Brindled.
Brindled	Having dark streaks or spots on a gray or tawny ground; brinded.
Brine	Water saturated or strongly impregnated with salt; pickle; hence, any strong saline solution; also, the saline residue or strong mother liquor resulting from the evaporation of natural or artificial waters.
Brine	The ocean; the water of an ocean, sea, or salt lake.
Brine	Tears; -- so called from their saltness.
Brine	To steep or saturate in brine.
Brine	To sprinkle with salt or brine; as, to brine hay.
Brought	of Bring
Bringing	of Bring
Bring	To convey to the place where the speaker is or is to be; to bear from a more distant to a nearer place; to fetch.
Bring	To cause the accession or obtaining of; to procure; to make to come; to produce; to draw to.
Bring	To convey; to move; to carry or conduct.
Bring	To persuade; to induce; to draw; to lead; to guide.
Bring	To produce in exchange; to sell for; to fetch; as, what does coal bring per ton?
Bringer	One who brings.
Brininess	The state or quality of being briny; saltness; brinishness.
Brinish	Like brine; somewhat salt; saltish.
Brinishness	State or quality of being brinish.
Brinjaree	A rough-haired East Indian variety of the greyhound.
Brink	The edge, margin, or border of a steep place, as of a precipice; a bank or edge, as of a river or pit; a verge; a border; as, the brink of a chasm. Also Fig.
Briny	Of or pertaining to brine, or to the sea; partaking of the nature of brine; salt; as, a briny taste; the briny flood.
Briony	See Bryony.
Brisk	Full of liveliness and activity; characterized by quickness of motion or action; lively; spirited; quick.
Brisk	Full of spirit of life; effervesc/ng, as liquors; sparkling; as, brick cider.
Bricked	of Brisk
Bricking	of Brisk
Brisk	To make or become lively; to enliven; to animate; to take, or cause to take, an erect or bold attitude; -- usually with up.
Brisket	That part of the breast of an animal which extends from the fore legs back beneath the ribs; also applied to the fore part of a horse, from the shoulders to the bottom of the chest.
Briskly	In a brisk manner; nimbly.
Briskness	Liveliness; vigor in action; quickness; gayety; vivacity; effervescence.
Bristle	A short, stiff, coarse hair, as on the back of swine.
Bristle	A stiff, sharp, roundish hair.
Bristled	of Bristle
Bristling	of Bristle
Bristle	To erect the bristles of; to cause to stand up, as the bristles of an angry hog; -- sometimes with up.
Bristle	To fix a bristle to; as, to bristle a thread.
Bristle	To rise or stand erect, like bristles.
Bristle	To appear as if covered with bristles; to have standing, thick and erect, like bristles.
Bristle	To show defiance or indignation.
Bristle-pointed	Terminating in a very fine, sharp point, as some leaves.
Bristle-shaped	Resembling a bristle in form; as, a bristle-shaped leaf.
Bristletail	An insect of the genera Lepisma, Campodea, etc., belonging to the Thysanura.
Bristliness	The quality or state of having bristles.
Bristly	Thick set with bristles, or with hairs resembling bristles; rough.
Bristol	A seaport city in the west of England.
Brisure	Any part of a rampart or parapet which deviates from the general direction.
Brisure	A mark of cadency or difference.
Brit	Alt. of Britt
Britt	The young of the common herring; also, a small species of herring; the sprat.
Britt	The minute marine animals (chiefly Entomostraca) upon which the right whales feed.
Britannia	A white-metal alloy of tin, antimony, bismuth, copper, etc. It somewhat resembles silver, and is used for table ware. Called also Britannia metal.
Britannic	Of or pertaining to Great Britain; British; as, her Britannic Majesty.
Brite	Alt. of Bright
Bright	To be or become overripe, as wheat, barley, or hops.
Briticism	A word, phrase, or idiom peculiar to Great Britain; any manner of using a word or words that is peculiar to Great Britain.
British	Of or pertaining to Great Britain or to its inhabitants; -- sometimes restricted to the original inhabitants.
British	People of Great Britain.
Britisher	An Englishman; a subject or inhabitant of Great Britain, esp. one in the British military or naval service.
Briton	British.
Briton	A native of Great Britain.
Brittle	Easily broken; apt to break; fragile; not tough or tenacious.
Brittlely	In a brittle manner.
Brittleness	Aptness to break; fragility.
Brittle star	Any species of ophiuran starfishes. See Ophiuroidea.
Britzska	A long carriage, with a calash top, so constructed as to give space for reclining at night, when used on a journey.
Brize	The breeze fly. See Breeze.
Broach	A spit.
Broach	An awl; a bodkin; also, a wooden rod or pin, sharpened at each end, used by thatchers.
Broach	A tool of steel, generally tapering, and of a polygonal form, with from four to eight cutting edges, for smoothing or enlarging holes in metal; sometimes made smooth or without edges, as for burnishing pivot holes in watches; a reamer. The broach for gun barrels is commonly square and without taper.
Broach	A straight tool with file teeth, made of steel, to be pressed through irregular holes in metal that cannot be dressed by revolving tools; a drift.
Broach	A broad chisel for stonecutting.
Broach	A spire rising from a tower.
Broach	A clasp for fastening a garment. See Brooch.
Broach	A spitlike start, on the head of a young stag.
Broach	The stick from which candle wicks are suspended for dipping.
Broach	The pin in a lock which enters the barrel of the key.
Broached	of Broach
Broaching	of Broach
Broach	To spit; to pierce as with a spit.
Broach	To tap; to pierce, as a cask, in order to draw the liquor. Hence: To let out; to shed, as blood.
Broach	To open for the first time, as stores.
Broach	To make public; to utter; to publish first; to put forth; to introduce as a topic of conversation.
Broach	To cause to begin or break out.
Broach	To shape roughly, as a block of stone, by chiseling with a coarse tool.
Broach	To enlarge or dress (a hole), by using a broach.
Broacher	A spit; a broach.
Broacher	One who broaches, opens, or utters; a first publisher or promoter.
Broad	Wide; extend in breadth, or from side to side; -- opposed to narrow; as, a broad street, a broad table; an inch broad.
Broad	Extending far and wide; extensive; vast; as, the broad expanse of ocean.
Broad	Extended, in the sense of diffused; open; clear; full.
Broad	Fig.: Having a large measure of any thing or quality; not limited; not restrained; -- applied to any subject, and retaining the literal idea more or less clearly, the precise meaning depending largely on the substantive.
Broad	Comprehensive; liberal; enlarged.
Broad	Plain; evident; as, a broad hint.
Broad	Free; unrestrained; unconfined.
Broad	Characterized by breadth. See Breadth.
Broad	Cross; coarse; indelicate; as, a broad compliment; a broad joke; broad humor.
Broad	Strongly marked; as, a broad Scotch accent.
Broad	The broad part of anything; as, the broad of an oar.
Broad	The spread of a river into a sheet of water; a flooded fen.
Broad	A lathe tool for turning down the insides and bottoms of cylinders.
Broadax Broadaxe	An ancient military weapon; a battle-ax.
Broadax Broadaxe	An ax with a broad edge, for hewing timber.
Broadbill	A wild duck (Aythya, / Fuligula, marila), which appears in large numbers on the eastern coast of the United States, in autumn; -- called also bluebill, blackhead, raft duck, and scaup duck. See Scaup duck.
Broadbill	The shoveler. See Shoveler.
Broadbrim	A hat with a very broad brim, like those worn by men of the society of Friends.
Broadbrim	A member of the society of Friends; a Quaker.
Broad-brimmed	Having a broad brim.
Broadcast	A casting or throwing seed in all directions, as from the hand in sowing.
Broadcast	Cast or dispersed in all directions, as seed from the hand in sowing; widely diffused.
Broadcast	Scattering in all directions (as a method of sowing); -- opposed to planting in hills, or rows.
Broadcast	So as to scatter or be scattered in all directions; so as to spread widely, as seed from the hand in sowing, or news from the press.
Broad Church	A portion of the Church of England, consisting of persons who claim to hold a position, in respect to doctrine and fellowship, intermediate between the High Church party and the Low Church, or evangelical, party. The term has been applied to other bodies of men holding liberal or comprehensive views of Christian doctrine and fellowship.
Broadcloth	A fine smooth-faced woolen cloth for men's garments, usually of double width (i.e., a yard and a half); -- so called in distinction from woolens three quarters of a yard wide.
Broadened	of Broaden
Broadening	of Broaden
Broaden	To grow broad; to become broader or wider.
Broaden	To make broad or broader; to render more broad or comprehensive.
Broad gauge	A wider distance between the rails than the "standard" gauge of four feet eight inches and a half. See Gauge.
Broad-horned	Having horns spreading widely.
Broadish	Rather broad; moderately broad.
Broadleaf	A tree (Terminalia latifolia) of Jamaica, the wood of which is used for boards, scantling, shingles, etc; -- sometimes called the almond tree, from the shape of its fruit.
Broad-leaved	Alt. of Broad-leafed
Broad-leafed	Having broad, or relatively broad, leaves.
Broadly	In a broad manner.
Broadmouth	One of the Eurylaimidae, a family of East Indian passerine birds.
Broadness	The condition or quality of being broad; breadth; coarseness; grossness.
Broadpiece	An old English gold coin, broader than a guinea, as a Carolus or Jacobus.
Broad seal	The great seal of England; the public seal of a country or state.
Broadseal	To stamp with the broad seal; to make sure; to guarantee or warrant.
Broadside	The side of a ship above the water line, from the bow to the quarter.
Broadside	A discharge of or from all the guns on one side of a ship, at the same time.
Broadside	A volley of abuse or denunciation.
Broadside	A sheet of paper containing one large page, or printed on one side only; -- called also broadsheet.
Broadspread	Widespread.
Broadspreading	Spreading widely.
Broadsword	A sword with a broad blade and a cutting edge; a claymore.
Broadwise	Breadthwise.
Brob	A peculiar brad-shaped spike, to be driven alongside the end of an abutting timber to prevent its slipping.
Brobdingnagian	Colossal; of extraordinary height; gigantic.
Brobdingnagian	A giant.
Brocade	Silk stuff, woven with gold and silver threads, or ornamented with raised flowers, foliage, etc.; -- also applied to other stuffs thus wrought and enriched.
Brocaded	Woven or worked, as brocade, with gold and silver, or with raised flowers, etc.
Brocaded	Dressed in brocade.
Brocage	See Brokkerage.
Brocard	An elementary principle or maximum; a short, proverbial rule, in law, ethics, or metaphysics.
Brocatel	A kind of coarse brocade, or figured fabric, used chiefly for tapestry, linings for carriages, etc.
Brocatel	A marble, clouded and veined with white, gray, yellow, and red, in which the yellow usually prevails. It is also called Siena marble, from its locality.
Brocatello	Same as Brocatel.
Broccoli	A plant of the Cabbage species (Brassica oleracea) of many varieties, resembling the cauliflower. The "curd," or flowering head, is the part used for food.
Brochantite	A basic sulphate of copper, occurring in emerald-green crystals.
Broche	Woven with a figure; as, broche goods.
Broche	See Broach, n.
Brochure	A printed and stitched book containing only a few leaves; a pamphlet.
Brock	A badger.
Brock	A brocket.
Brocket	A male red deer two years old; -- sometimes called brock.
Brocket	A small South American deer, of several species (Coassus superciliaris, C. rufus, and C. auritus).
Brockish	Beastly; brutal.
Brodekin	A buskin or half-boot.
Brog	A pointed instrument, as a joiner's awl, a brad awl, a needle, or a small sharp stick.
Brog	To prod with a pointed instrument, as a lance; also, to broggle.
Brogan	A stout, coarse shoe; a brogue.
Broggle	To sniggle, or fish with a brog.
Brogue	A stout, coarse shoe; a brogan.
Brogue	A dialectic pronunciation; esp. the Irish manner of pronouncing English.
Brogues	Breeches.
Broid	To braid.
Broidered	of Broider
Broider	To embroider.
Broiderer	One who embroiders.
Broidery	Embroidery.
Broil	A tumult; a noisy quarrel; a disturbance; a brawl; contention; discord, either between individuals or in the state.
Broiled	of Broil
Broiling	of Broil
Broil	To cook by direct exposure to heat over a fire, esp. upon a gridiron over coals.
Broil	To subject to great (commonly direct) heat.
Broil	To be subjected to the action of heat, as meat over the fire; to be greatly heated, or to be made uncomfortable with heat.
Broiler	One who excites broils; one who engages in or promotes noisy quarrels.
Broiler	One who broils, or cooks by broiling.
Broiler	A gridiron or other utensil used in broiling.
Broiler	A chicken or other bird fit for broiling.
Broiling	Excessively hot; as, a broiling sun.
Broiling	The act of causing anything to broil.
Brokage	See Brokerage.
Broke	To transact business for another.
Broke	To act as procurer in love matters; to pimp.
Broke	imp. & p. p. of Break.
Broken	Separated into parts or pieces by violence; divided into fragments; as, a broken chain or rope; a broken dish.
Broken	Disconnected; not continuous; also, rough; uneven; as, a broken surface.
Broken	Fractured; cracked; disunited; sundered; strained; apart; as, a broken reed; broken friendship.
Broken	Made infirm or weak, by disease, age, or hardships.
Broken	Subdued; humbled; contrite.
Broken	Subjugated; trained for use, as a horse.
Broken	Crushed and ruined as by something that destroys hope; blighted.
Broken	Not carried into effect; not adhered to; violated; as, a broken promise, vow, or contract; a broken law.
Broken	Ruined financially; incapable of redeeming promises made, or of paying debts incurred; as, a broken bank; a broken tradesman.
Broken	Imperfectly spoken, as by a foreigner; as, broken English; imperfectly spoken on account of emotion; as, to say a few broken words at parting.
Broken-backed	Having a broken back; as, a broken-backed chair.
Broken-backed	Hogged; so weakened in the frame as to droop at each end; -- said of a ship.
Broken-bellied	Having a ruptured belly.
Broken-hearted	Having the spirits depressed or crushed by grief or despair.
Brokenly	In a broken, interrupted manner; in a broken state; in broken language.
Brokenness	The state or quality of being broken; unevenness.
Brokenness	Contrition; as, brokenness of heart.
Broken wind	The heaves.
Broken-winded	Having short breath or disordered respiration, as a horse.
Broker	One who transacts business for another; an agent.
Broker	An agent employed to effect bargains and contracts, as a middleman or negotiator, between other persons, for a compensation commonly called brokerage. He takes no possession, as broker, of the subject matter of the negotiation. He generally contracts in the names of those who employ him, and not in his own.
Broker	A dealer in money, notes, bills of exchange, etc.
Broker	A dealer in secondhand goods.
Broker	A pimp or procurer.
Brokerage	The business or employment of a broker.
Brokerage	The fee, reward, or commission, given or changed for transacting business as a broker.
Brokerly	Mean; servile.
Brokery	The business of a broker.
Broking	Of or pertaining to a broker or brokers, or to brokerage.
Broma	Aliment; food.
Broma	A light form of prepared cocoa (or cacao), or the drink made from it.
Bromal	An oily, colorless fluid, CBr3.COH, related to bromoform, as chloral is to chloroform, and obtained by the action of bromine on alcohol.
Bromate	A salt of bromic acid.
Bromate	To combine or impregnate with bromine; as, bromated camphor.
Bromatologist	One versed in the science of foods.
Bromatology	The science of aliments.
Brome	See Bromine.
Brome grass	A genus (Bromus) of grasses, one species of which is the chess or cheat.
Bromeliaceous	Pertaining to, or resembling, a family of endogenous and mostly epiphytic or saxicolous plants of which the genera Tillandsia and Billbergia are examples. The pineapple, though terrestrial, is also of this family.
Bromic	Of, pertaining to, or containing, bromine; -- said of those compounds of bromine in which this element has a valence of five, or the next to its highest; as, bromic acid.
Bromide	A compound of bromine with a positive radical.
Brominate	See Bromate, v. t.
Bromine	One of the elements, related in its chemical qualities to chlorine and iodine. Atomic weight 79.8.  Symbol Br.  It is a deep reddish brown liquid of a very disagreeable odor, emitting a brownish vapor at the ordinary temperature. In combination it is found in minute quantities in sea water, and in many saline springs. It occurs also in the mineral bromyrite.
Bromism	A diseased condition produced by the excessive use of bromine or one of its compounds. It is characterized by mental dullness and muscular weakness.
Bromize	To prepare or treat with bromine; as, to bromize a silvered plate.
Bromlife	A carbonate of baryta and lime, intermediate between witherite and strontianite; -- called also alstonite.
Bromoform	A colorless liquid, CHBr3, having an agreeable odor and sweetish taste. It is produced by the simultaneous action of bromine and caustic potash upon wood spirit, alcohol, or acetone, as also by certain other reactions. In composition it is the same as chloroform, with the substitution of bromine for chlorine. It is somewhat similar to chloroform in its effects.
Brompicrin	A pungent colorless explosive liquid, CNO2Br3, analogous to and resembling chlorpicrin.
Bromuret	See Bromide.
Bromyrite	Silver bromide, a rare mineral; -- called also bromargyrite.
Bronchi	See Bronchus.
Bronchia	The bronchial tubes which arise from the branching of the trachea, esp. the subdivision of the bronchi.
Bronchial	Belonging to the bronchi and their ramifications in the lungs.
Bronchic	Bronchial.
Bronchiole	A minute bronchial tube.
Bronchitic	Of or pertaining to bronchitis; as, bronchitic inflammation.
Bronchitis	Inflammation, acute or chronic, of the bronchial tubes or any part of them.
Broncho	A native or a Mexican horse of small size.
Bronchocele	See Goiter.
Bronchophony	A modification of the voice sounds, by which they are intensified and heightened in pitch; -- observed in auscultation of the chest in certain cases of intro-thoracic disease.
Broncho-pneumonia	Inflammation of the bronchi and lungs; catarrhal pneumonia.
Bronchotome	An instrument for cutting into the bronchial tubes.
Bronchotomy	An incision into the windpipe or larynx, including the operations of tracheotomy and laryngotomy.
Bronchi	of Bronchus
Bronchus	One of the subdivisions of the trachea or windpipe; esp. one of the two primary divisions.
Bronco	Same as Broncho.
Brond	A sword.
Brontolite	Alt. of Brontolith
Brontolith	An aerolite.
Brontology	A treatise upon thunder.
Brontosaurus	A genus of American jurassic dinosaurs. A length of sixty feet is believed to have been attained by these reptiles.
Brontotherium	A genus of large extinct mammals from the miocene strata of western North America. They were allied to the rhinoceros, but the skull bears a pair of powerful horn cores in front of the orbits, and the fore feet were four-toed. See Illustration in Appendix.
Brontozoum	An extinct animal of large size, known from its three-toed footprints in Mesozoic sandstone.
Bronze	An alloy of copper and tin, to which small proportions of other metals, especially zinc, are sometimes added. It is hard and sonorous, and is used for statues, bells, cannon, etc., the proportions of the ingredients being varied to suit the particular purposes. The varieties containing the higher proportions of tin are brittle, as in bell metal and speculum metal.
Bronze	A statue, bust, etc., cast in bronze.
Bronze	A yellowish or reddish brown, the color of bronze; also, a pigment or powder for imitating bronze.
Bronze	Boldness; impudence; "brass."
Bronzed	of Bronze
Bronzing	of Bronze
Bronze	To give an appearance of bronze to, by a coating of bronze powder, or by other means; to make of the color of bronze; as, to bronze plaster casts; to bronze coins or medals.
Bronze	To make hard or unfeeling; to brazen.
Bronzewing	An Australian pigeon of the genus Phaps, of several species; -- so called from its bronze plumage.
Bronzine	A metal so prepared as to have the appearance of bronze.
Bronzine	Made of bronzine; resembling bronze; bronzelike.
Bronzing	The act or art of communicating to articles in metal, wood, clay, plaster, etc., the appearance of bronze by means of bronze powders, or imitative painting, or by chemical processes.
Bronzing	A material for bronzing.
Bronzist	One who makes, imitates, collects, or deals in, bronzes.
Bronzite	A variety of enstatite, often having a bronzelike luster. It is a silicate of magnesia and iron, of the pyroxene family.
Bronzy	Like bronze.
Brooch	An ornament, in various forms, with a tongue, pin, or loop for attaching it to a garment; now worn at the breast by women; a breastpin. Formerly worn by men on the hat.
Brooch	A painting all of one color, as a sepia painting, or an India painting.
Brooch	To adorn as with a brooch.
Brood	The young birds hatched at one time; a hatch; as, a brood of chickens.
Brood	The young from the same dam, whether produced at the same time or not; young children of the same mother, especially if nearly of the same age; offspring; progeny; as, a woman with a brood of children.
Brood	That which is bred or produced; breed; species.
Brood	Heavy waste in tin and copper ores.
Brood	Sitting or inclined to sit on eggs.
Brood	Kept for breeding from; as, a brood mare; brood stock; having young; as, a brood sow.
Brooded	of Brood
Brooding	of Brood
Brood	To sit on and cover eggs, as a fowl, for the purpose of warming them and hatching the young; or to sit over and cover young, as a hen her chickens, in order to warm and protect them; hence, to sit quietly, as if brooding.
Brood	To have the mind dwell continuously or moodily on a subject; to think long and anxiously; to be in a state of gloomy, serious thought; -- usually followed by over or on; as, to brood over misfortunes.
Brood	To sit over, cover, and cherish; as, a hen broods her chickens.
Brood	To cherish with care.
Brood	To think anxiously or moodily upon.
Broody	Inclined to brood.
Brook	A natural stream of water smaller than a river or creek.
Brooked	of Brook
Brooking	of Brook
Brook	To use; to enjoy.
Brook	To bear; to endure; to put up with; to tolerate; as, young men can not brook restraint.
Brook	To deserve; to earn.
Brookite	A mineral consisting of titanic oxide, and hence identical with rutile and octahedrite in composition, but crystallizing in the orthorhombic system.
Brooklet	A small brook.
Brooklime	A plant (Veronica Beccabunga), with flowers, usually blue, in axillary racemes. The American species is V. Americana.
Brook mint	See Water mint.
Brookside	The bank of a brook.
Brookweed	A small white-flowered herb (Samolus Valerandi) found usually in wet places; water pimpernel.
Broom	A plant having twigs suitable for making brooms to sweep with when bound together; esp., the Cytisus scoparius of Western Europe, which is a low shrub with long, straight, green, angular branches, minute leaves, and large yellow flowers.
Broom	An implement for sweeping floors, etc., commonly made of the panicles or tops of broom corn, bound together or attached to a long wooden handle; -- so called because originally made of the twigs of the broom.
Broom	See Bream.
Broom corn	A variety of Sorghum vulgare, having a joined stem, like maize, rising to the height of eight or ten feet, and bearing its seeds on a panicle with long branches, of which brooms are made.
Broom rape	A genus (Orobanche) of parasitic plants of Europe and Asia. They are destitute of chlorophyll, have scales instead of leaves, and spiked flowers, and grow attached to the roots of other plants, as furze, clover, flax, wild carrot, etc. The name is sometimes applied to other plants related to this genus, as Aphyllon uniflorumand A. Ludovicianum.
Broomstaff	A broomstick.
Broomstick	A stick used as a handle of a broom.
Broomy	Of or pertaining to broom; overgrowing with broom; resembling broom or a broom.
Brose	Pottage made by pouring some boiling liquid on meal (esp. oatmeal), and stirring it. It is called beef brose, water brose, etc., according to the name of the liquid (beef broth, hot water, etc.) used.
Brotel	Brittle.
Brotelness	Brittleness.
Broth	Liquid in which flesh (and sometimes other substances, as barley or rice) has been boiled; thin or simple soup.
Brothel	A house of lewdness or ill fame; a house frequented by prostitutes; a bawdyhouse.
Brotheler	One who frequents brothels.
Brothelry	Lewdness; obscenity; a brothel.
Brothers	of Brother
Brethren	of Brother
Brothers	of Brother
Brethren	of Brother
Brother	A male person who has the same father and mother with another person, or who has one of them only. In the latter case he is more definitely called a half brother, or brother of the half blood.
Brother	One related or closely united to another by some common tie or interest, as of rank, profession, membership in a society, toil, suffering, etc.; -- used among judges, clergymen, monks, physicians, lawyers, professors of religion, etc.
Brother	One who, or that which, resembles another in distinctive qualities or traits of character.
Brothered	of Brother
Brother	To make a brother of; to call or treat as a brother; to admit to a brotherhood.
Brother german	A brother by both the father's and mother's side, in contradistinction to a uterine brother, one by the mother only.
Brotherhood	The state of being brothers or a brother.
Brotherhood	An association for any purpose, as a society of monks; a fraternity.
Brotherhood	The whole body of persons engaged in the same business, -- especially those of the same profession; as, the legal or medical brotherhood.
Brotherhood	Persons, and, poetically, things, of a like kind.
Brothers-in-law	of Brother-in-law
Brother-in-law	The brother of one's husband or wife; also, the husband of one's sister; sometimes, the husband of one's wife's sister.
Brotherliness	The state or quality of being brotherly.
Brotherly	Of or pertaining to brothers; such as is natural for brothers; becoming to brothers; kind; affectionate; as, brotherly love.
Brotherly	Like a brother; affectionately; kindly.
Brouded	Braided; broidered.
Brougham	A light, close carriage, with seats inside for two or four, and the fore wheels so arranged as to turn short.
Brow	The prominent ridge over the eye, with the hair that covers it, forming an arch above the orbit.
Brow	The hair that covers the brow (ridge over the eyes); the eyebrow.
Brow	The forehead; as, a feverish brow.
Brow	The general air of the countenance.
Brow	The edge or projecting upper part of a steep place; as, the brow of a precipice; the brow of a hill.
Brow	To bound to limit; to be at, or form, the edge of.
Browbeat	of Browbeat
Browbeaten	of Browbeat
Browbeating	of Browbeat
Browbeat	To depress or bear down with haughty, stern looks, or with arrogant speech and dogmatic assertions; to abash or disconcert by impudent or abusive words or looks; to bully; as, to browbeat witnesses.
Browbeating	The act of bearing down, abashing, or disconcerting, with stern looks, supercilious manners, or confident assertions.
Browbound	Crowned; having the head encircled as with a diadem.
Browdyng	Embroidery.
Browed	Having (such) a brow; -- used in composition; as, dark-browed, stern-browed.
Browless	Without shame.
Brown	Of a dark color, of various shades between black and red or yellow.
Brown	A dark color inclining to red or yellow, resulting from the mixture of red and black, or of red, black, and yellow; a tawny, dusky hue.
Browned	of Brown
Browning	of Brown
Brown	To make brown or dusky.
Brown	To make brown by scorching slightly; as, to brown meat or flour.
Brown	To give a bright brown color to, as to gun barrels, by forming a thin coat of oxide on their surface.
Brown	To become brown.
Brownback	The dowitcher or red-breasted snipe. See Dowitcher.
Brown bill	A bill or halberd of the 16th and 17th centuries. See 4th Bill.
Brownian	Pertaining to Dr. Robert Brown, who first demonstrated (about 1827) the commonness of the motion described below.
Brownie	An imaginary good-natured spirit, who was supposed often to perform important services around the house by night, such as thrashing, churning, sweeping.
Browning	The act or operation of giving a brown color, as to gun barrels, etc.
Browning	A smooth coat of brown mortar, usually the second coat, and the preparation for the finishing coat of plaster.
Brownish	Somewhat brown.
Brownism	The views or teachings of Robert Brown of the Brownists.
Brownism	The doctrines of the Brunonian system of medicine. See Brunonian.
Brownist	A follower of Robert Brown, of England, in the 16th century, who taught that every church is complete and independent in itself when organized, and consists of members meeting in one place, having full power to elect and depose its officers.
Brownist	One who advocates the Brunonian system of medicine.
Brownness	The quality or state of being brown.
Brownstone	A dark variety of sandstone, much used for building purposes.
Brown thrush	A common American singing bird (Harporhynchus rufus), allied to the mocking bird; -- also called brown thrasher.
Brownwort	A species of figwort or Scrophularia (S. vernalis), and other species of the same genus, mostly perennials with inconspicuous coarse flowers.
Browny	Brown or, somewhat brown.
Browpost	A beam that goes across a building.
Browse	The tender branches or twigs of trees and shrubs, fit for the food of cattle and other animals; green food.
Browsed	of Browse
Browsing	of Browse
Browse	To eat or nibble off, as the tender branches of trees, shrubs, etc.; -- said of cattle, sheep, deer, and some other animals.
Browse	To feed on, as pasture; to pasture on; to graze.
Browse	To feed on the tender branches or shoots of shrubs or trees, as do cattle, sheep, and deer.
Browse	To pasture; to feed; to nibble.
Browser	An animal that browses.
Browsewood	Shrubs and bushes upon which animals browse.
Browsing	Browse; also, a place abounding with shrubs where animals may browse.
Browspot	A rounded organ between the eyes of the frog; the interocular gland.
Bruang	The Malayan sun bear.
Brucine	A powerful vegetable alkaloid, found, associated with strychnine, in the seeds of different species of Strychnos, especially in the Nux vomica. It is less powerful than strychnine. Called also brucia and brucina.
Brucite	A white, pearly mineral, occurring thin and foliated, like talc, and also fibrous; a native magnesium hydrate.
Brucite	The mineral chondrodite.
Bruckeled	Wet and dirty; begrimed.
Bruh	The rhesus monkey. See Rhesus.
Bruin	A bear; -- so called in popular tales and fables.
Bruised	of Bruise
Bruising	of Bruise
Bruise	To injure, as by a blow or collision, without laceration; to contuse; as, to bruise one's finger with a hammer; to bruise the bark of a tree with a stone; to bruise an apple by letting it fall.
Bruise	To break; as in a mortar; to bray, as minerals, roots, etc.; to crush.
Bruise	To fight with the fists; to box.
Bruise	An injury to the flesh of animals, or to plants, fruit, etc., with a blunt or heavy instrument, or by collision with some other body; a contusion; as, a bruise on the head; bruises on fruit.
Bruiser	One who, or that which, bruises.
Bruiser	A boxer; a pugilist.
Bruiser	A concave tool used in grinding lenses or the speculums of telescopes.
Bruisewort	A plant supposed to heal bruises, as the true daisy, the soapwort, and the comfrey.
Bruit	Report; rumor; fame.
Bruit	An abnormal sound of several kinds, heard on auscultation.
Bruited	of Bruit
Bruiting	of Bruit
Bruit	To report; to noise abroad.
Brumaire	The second month of the calendar adopted by the first French republic. It began thirty days after the autumnal equinox. See Vendemiaire.
Brumal	Of or pertaining to winter.
Brume	Mist; fog; vapors.
Brummagem	Counterfeit; gaudy but worthless; sham.
Brumous	Foggy; misty.
Brun	Same as Brun, a brook.
Brunette	A girl or woman with a somewhat brown or dark complexion.
Brunette	Having a dark tint.
Brunion	A nectarine.
Brunonian	Pertaining to, or invented by, Brown; -- a term applied to a system of medicine promulgated in the 18th century by John Brown, of Scotland, the fundamental doctrine of which was, that life is a state of excitation produced by the normal action of external agents upon the body, and that disease consists in excess or deficiency of excitation.
Brunswick black	See Japan black.
Brunswick green	An oxychloride of copper, used as a green pigment; also, a carbonate of copper similarly employed.
Brunt	The heat, or utmost violence, of an onset; the strength or greatest fury of any contention; as, the brunt of a battle.
Brunt	The force of a blow; shock; collision.
Brush	An instrument composed of bristles, or other like material, set in a suitable back or handle, as of wood, bone, or ivory, and used for various purposes, as in removing dust from clothes, laying on colors, etc. Brushes have different shapes and names according to their use; as, clothes brush, paint brush, tooth brush, etc.
Brush	The bushy tail of a fox.
Brush	A tuft of hair on the mandibles.
Brush	Branches of trees lopped off; brushwood.
Brush	A thicket of shrubs or small trees; the shrubs and small trees in a wood; underbrush.
Brush	A bundle of flexible wires or thin plates of metal, used to conduct an electrical current to or from the commutator of a dynamo, electric motor, or similar apparatus.
Brush	The act of brushing; as, to give one's clothes a brush; a rubbing or grazing with a quick motion; a light touch; as, we got a brush from the wheel as it passed.
Brush	A skirmish; a slight encounter; a shock or collision; as, to have a brush with an enemy.
Brush	A short contest, or trial, of speed.
Brushed	of Brush
Brushing	of Brush
Brush	To apply a brush to, according to its particular use; to rub, smooth, clean, paint, etc., with a brush.
Brush	To touch in passing, or to pass lightly over, as with a brush.
Brush	To remove or gather by brushing, or by an act like that of brushing, or by passing lightly over, as wind; -- commonly with off.
Brush	To move nimbly in haste; to move so lightly as scarcely to be perceived; as, to brush by.
Brusher	One who, or that which, brushes.
Brushiness	The quality of resembling a brush; brushlike condition; shagginess.
Brushing	Constructed or used to brush with; as a brushing machine.
Brushing	Brisk; light; as, a brushing gallop.
Brushite	A white or gray crystalline mineral consisting of the acid phosphate of calcium.
Brush turkey	A large, edible, gregarious bird of Australia (Talegalla Lathami) of the family Megapodidae. Also applied to several allied species of New Guinea.
Brush wheel	A wheel without teeth, used to turn a similar one by the friction of bristles or something brushlike or soft attached to the circumference.
Brush wheel	A circular revolving brush used by turners, lapidaries, silversmiths, etc., for polishing.
Brushwood	Brush; a thicket or coppice of small trees and shrubs.
Brushwood	Small branches of trees cut off.
Brushy	Resembling a brush; shaggy; rough.
Brusk	Same as Brusque.
Brusque	Rough and prompt in manner; blunt; abrupt; bluff; as, a brusque man; a brusque style.
Brusqueness	Quality of being brusque; roughness joined with promptness; bluntness.
Brussels	A city of Belgium, giving its name to a kind of carpet, a kind of lace, etc.
Brustled	of Brustle
Brustling	of Brustle
Brustle	To crackle; to rustle, as a silk garment.
Brustle	To make a show of fierceness or defiance; to bristle.
Brustle	A bristle.
Brut	To browse.
Brut	See Birt.
Bruta	See Edentata.
Brutal	Of or pertaining to a brute; as, brutal nature.
Brutal	Like a brute; savage; cruel; inhuman; brutish; unfeeling; merciless; gross; as, brutal manners.
Brutalism	Brutish quality; brutality.
Brutalities	of Brutality
Brutality	The quality of being brutal; inhumanity; savageness; pitilessness.
Brutality	An inhuman act.
Brutalization	The act or process of making brutal; state of being brutalized.
Brutalized	of Brutalize
Brutalizing	of Brutalize
Brutalize	To make brutal; beasty; unfeeling; or inhuman.
Brutalize	To become brutal, inhuman, barbarous, or coarse and beasty.
Brutally	In a brutal manner; cruelly.
Brute	Not having sensation; senseless; inanimate; unconscious; without intelligence or volition; as, the brute earth; the brute powers of nature.
Brute	Not possessing reason, irrational; unthinking; as, a brute beast; the brute creation.
Brute	Of, pertaining to, or characteristic of, a brute beast. Hence: Brutal; cruel; fierce; ferocious; savage; pitiless; as, brute violence.
Brute	Having the physical powers predominating over the mental; coarse; unpolished; unintelligent.
Brute	Rough; uncivilized; unfeeling.
Brute	An animal destitute of human reason; any animal not human; esp. a quadruped; a beast.
Brute	A brutal person; a savage in heart or manners; as unfeeling or coarse person.
Brute	To report; to bruit.
Brutely	In a rude or violent manner.
Bruteness	Brutality.
Bruteness	Insensibility.
Brutified	of Brutify
Brutifying	of Brutify
Brutify	To make like a brute; to make senseless, stupid, or unfeeling; to brutalize.
Brutish	Pertaining to, or resembling, a brute or brutes; of a cruel, gross, and stupid nature; coarse; unfeeling; unintelligent.
Brutism	The nature or characteristic qualities or actions of a brute; extreme stupidity, or beastly vulgarity.
Bruting	Browsing.
Bryological	Relating to bryology; as, bryological studies.
Bryologist	One versed in bryology.
Bryology	That part of botany which relates to mosses.
Bryonin	A bitter principle obtained from the root of the bryony (Bryonia alba and B. dioica). It is a white, or slightly colored, substance, and is emetic and cathartic.
Bryony	The common name of several cucurbitaceous plants of the genus Bryonia. The root of B. alba (rough or white bryony) and of B. dioica is a strong, irritating cathartic.
Bryophyta	See Cryptogamia.
Bryozoa	A class of Molluscoidea, including minute animals which by budding form compound colonies; -- called also Polyzoa.
Bryozoan	Of or pertaining to the Bryozoa.
Bryozoan	One of the Bryozoa.
Bryozoum	An individual zooid of a bryozoan coralline, of which there may be two or more kinds in a single colony. The zooecia usually have a wreath of tentacles around the mouth, and a well developed stomach and intestinal canal; but these parts are lacking in the other zooids (Avicularia, Ooecia, etc.).
Buansuah	The wild dog of northern India (Cuon primaevus), supposed by some to be an ancestral species of the domestic dog.
Buat	A lantern; also, the moon.
Bub	Strong malt liquor.
Bub	A young brother; a little boy; -- a familiar term of address of a small boy.
Bub	To throw out in bubbles; to bubble.
Bubale	A large antelope (Alcelaphus bubalis) of Egypt and the Desert of Sahara, supposed by some to be the fallow deer of the Bible.
Bubaline	Resembling a buffalo.
Bubble	A thin film of liquid inflated with air or gas; as, a soap bubble; bubbles on the surface of a river.
Bubble	A small quantity of air or gas within a liquid body; as, bubbles rising in champagne or aerated waters.
Bubble	A globule of air, or globular vacuum, in a transparent solid; as, bubbles in window glass, or in a lens.
Bubble	A small, hollow, floating bead or globe, formerly used for testing the strength of spirits.
Bubble	The globule of air in the spirit tube of a level.
Bubble	Anything that wants firmness or solidity; that which is more specious than real; a false show; a cheat or fraud; a delusive scheme; an empty project; a dishonest speculation; as, the South Sea bubble.
Bubble	A person deceived by an empty project; a gull.
Bubbled	of Bubble
Bubbling	of Bubble
Bubble	To rise in bubbles, as liquids when boiling or agitated; to contain bubbles.
Bubble	To run with a gurgling noise, as if forming bubbles; as, a bubbling stream.
Bubble	To sing with a gurgling or warbling sound.
Bubbler	To cheat; to deceive.
Bubbler	One who cheats.
Bubbler	A fish of the Ohio river; -- so called from the noise it makes.
Bubble shell	A marine univalve shell of the genus Bulla and allied genera, belonging to the Tectibranchiata.
Bubbling Jock	The male wild turkey, the gobbler; -- so called in allusion to its notes.
Bubbly	Abounding in bubbles; bubbling.
Bubby	A woman's breast.
Bubby	Bub; -- a term of familiar or affectionate address to a small boy.
Buboes	of Bubo
Bubo	An inflammation, with enlargement, of a lymphatic gland, esp. in the groin, as in syphilis.
Bubonic	Of or pertaining to a bubo or buboes; characterized by buboes.
Bubonocele	An inguinal hernia; esp. that incomplete variety in which the hernial pouch descends only as far as the groin, forming a swelling there like a bubo.
Bubukle	A red pimple.
Buccal	Of or pertaining to the mouth or cheeks.
Buccaneer	A robber upon the sea; a pirate; -- a term applied especially to the piratical adventurers who made depredations on the Spaniards in America in the 17th and 18th centuries.
Buccaneer	To act the part of a buccaneer; to live as a piratical adventurer or sea robber.
Buccaneerish	Like a buccaneer; piratical.
Buccinal	Shaped or sounding like a trumpet; trumpetlike.
Buccinator	A muscle of the cheek; -- so called from its use in blowing wind instruments.
Buccinoid	Resembling the genus Buccinum, or pertaining to the Buccinidae, a family of marine univalve shells. See Whelk, and Prosobranchiata.
Buccinum	A genus of large univalve mollusks abundant in the arctic seas. It includes the common whelk (B. undatum).
Bucentaur	A fabulous monster, half ox, half man.
Bucentaur	The state barge of Venice, used by the doge in the ceremony of espousing the Adriatic.
Buceros	A genus of large perching birds; the hornbills.
Bucholzite	Same as Fibrolite.
Buchu	A South African shrub (Barosma) with small leaves that are dotted with oil glands; also, the leaves themselves, which are used in medicine for diseases of the urinary organs, etc. Several species furnish the leaves.
Buck	Lye or suds in which cloth is soaked in the operation of bleaching, or in which clothes are washed.
Buck	The cloth or clothes soaked or washed.
Bucked	of Buck
Bucking	of Buck
Buck	To soak, steep, or boil, in lye or suds; -- a process in bleaching.
Buck	To wash (clothes) in lye or suds, or, in later usage, by beating them on stones in running water.
Buck	To break up or pulverize, as ores.
Buck	The male of deer, especially fallow deer and antelopes, or of goats, sheep, hares, and rabbits.
Buck	A gay, dashing young fellow; a fop; a dandy.
Buck	A male Indian or negro.
Buck	To copulate, as bucks and does.
Buck	To spring with quick plunging leaps, descending with the fore legs rigid and the head held as low down as possible; -- said of a vicious horse or mule.
Buck	To subject to a mode of punishment which consists in tying the wrists together, passing the arms over the bent knees, and putting a stick across the arms and in the angle formed by the knees.
Buck	To throw by bucking. See Buck, v. i., 2.
Buck	A frame on which firewood is sawed; a sawhorse; a sawbuck.
Buck	The beech tree.
Buck-basket	A basket in which clothes are carried to the wash.
Buck bean	A plant (Menyanthes trifoliata) which grows in moist and boggy places, having racemes of white or reddish flowers and intensely bitter leaves, sometimes used in medicine; marsh trefoil; -- called also bog bean.
Buckboard	A four-wheeled vehicle, having a long elastic board or frame resting on the bolsters or axletrees, and a seat or seats placed transversely upon it; -- called also buck wagon.
Bucker	One who bucks ore.
Bucker	A broad-headed hammer used in bucking ore.
Bucker	A horse or mule that bucks.
Bucket	A vessel for drawing up water from a well, or for catching, holding, or carrying water, sap, or other liquids.
Bucket	A vessel (as a tub or scoop) for hoisting and conveying coal, ore, grain, etc.
Bucket	One of the receptacles on the rim of a water wheel into which the water rushes, causing the wheel to revolve; also, a float of a paddle wheel.
Bucket	The valved piston of a lifting pump.
Bucket shop	An office or a place where facilities are given for betting small sums on current prices of stocks, petroleum, etc.
Buckety	Paste used by weavers to dress their webs.
Buckeye	A name given to several American trees and shrubs of the same genus (Aesculus) as the horse chestnut.
Buckeye	A cant name for a native in Ohio.
Buck-eyed	Having bad or speckled eyes.
Buckhound	A hound for hunting deer.
Buckie	A large spiral marine shell, esp. the common whelk. See Buccinum.
Bucking	The act or process of soaking or boiling cloth in an alkaline liquid in the operation of bleaching; also, the liquid used.
Bucking	A washing.
Bucking	The process of breaking up or pulverizing ores.
Buckish	Dandified; foppish.
Buckle	A device, usually of metal, consisting of a frame with one more movable tongues or catches, used for fastening things together, as parts of dress or harness, by means of a strap passing through the frame and pierced by the tongue.
Buckle	A distortion bulge, bend, or kink, as in a saw blade or a plate of sheet metal.
Buckle	A curl of hair, esp. a kind of crisp curl formerly worn; also, the state of being curled.
Buckle	A contorted expression, as of the face.
Buckled	of Buckle
Buckling	of Buckle
Buckle	To fasten or confine with a buckle or buckles; as, to buckle a harness.
Buckle	To bend; to cause to kink, or to become distorted.
Buckle	To prepare for action; to apply with vigor and earnestness; -- generally used reflexively.
Buckle	To join in marriage.
Buckle	To bend permanently; to become distorted; to bow; to curl; to kink.
Buckle	To bend out of a true vertical plane, as a wall.
Buckle	To yield; to give way; to cease opposing.
Buckle	To enter upon some labor or contest; to join in close fight; to struggle; to contend.
Buckler	A kind of shield, of various shapes and sizes, worn on one of the arms (usually the left) for protecting the front of the body.
Buckler	One of the large, bony, external plates found on many ganoid fishes.
Buckler	The anterior segment of the shell of trilobites.
Buckler	A block of wood or plate of iron made to fit a hawse hole, or the circular opening in a half-port, to prevent water from entering when the vessel pitches.
Buckler	To shield; to defend.
Buckler-headed	Having a head like a buckler.
Buckling	Wavy; curling, as hair.
Buckra	A white man; -- a term used by negroes of the African coast, West Indies, etc.
Buckra	White; white man's; strong; good; as, buckra yam, a white yam.
Buckram	A coarse cloth of linen or hemp, stiffened with size or glue, used in garments to keep them in the form intended, and for wrappers to cover merchandise.
Buckram	A plant. See Ramson.
Buckram	Made of buckram; as, a buckram suit.
Buckram	Stiff; precise.
Buckram	To strengthen with buckram; to make stiff.
Buck's-horn	A plant with leaves branched somewhat like a buck's horn (Plantago Coronopus); also, Lobelia coronopifolia.
Buckshot	A coarse leaden shot, larger than swan shot, used in hunting deer and large game.
Buckskin	The skin of a buck.
Buckskin	A soft strong leather, usually yellowish or grayish in color, made of deerskin.
Buckskin	A person clothed in buckskin, particularly an American soldier of the Revolutionary war.
Buckskin	Breeches made of buckskin.
Buckstall	A toil or net to take deer.
Buckthorn	A genus (Rhamnus) of shrubs or trees. The shorter branches of some species terminate in long spines or thorns. See Rhamnus.
Bucktooth	Any tooth that juts out.
Buckwheat	A plant (Fagopyrum esculentum) of the Polygonum family, the seed of which is used for food.
Buckwheat	The triangular seed used, when ground, for griddle cakes, etc.
Bucolic	Of or pertaining to the life and occupation of a shepherd; pastoral; rustic.
Bucolic	A pastoral poem, representing rural affairs, and the life, manners, and occupation of shepherds; as, the Bucolics of Theocritus and Virgil.
Bucolical	Bucolic.
Bucrania	of Bucranium
Bucranium	A sculptured ornament, representing an ox skull adorned with wreaths, etc.
Bud	A small protuberance on the stem or branches of a plant, containing the rudiments of future leaves, flowers, or stems; an undeveloped branch or flower.
Bud	A small protuberance on certain low forms of animals and vegetables which develops into a new organism, either free or attached. See Hydra.
Budded	of Bud
Budding	of Bud
Bud	To put forth or produce buds, as a plant; to grow, as a bud does, into a flower or shoot.
Bud	To begin to grow, or to issue from a stock in the manner of a bud, as a horn.
Bud	To be like a bud in respect to youth and freshness, or growth and promise; as, a budding virgin.
Bud	To graft, as a plant with another or into another, by inserting a bud from the one into an opening in the bark of the other, in order to raise, upon the budded stock, fruit different from that which it would naturally bear.
Buddha	The title of an incarnation of self-abnegation, virtue, and wisdom, or a deified religious teacher of the Buddhists, esp. Gautama Siddartha or Sakya Sinha (or Muni), the founder of Buddhism.
Buddhism	The religion based upon the doctrine originally taught by the Hindoo sage Gautama Siddartha, surnamed Buddha, "the awakened or enlightened," in the sixth century b. c., and adopted as a religion by the greater part of the inhabitants of Central and Eastern Asia and the Indian Islands. Buddha's teaching is believed to have been atheistic; yet it was characterized by elevated humanity and morality. It presents release from existence (a beatific enfranchisement, Nirvana) as the greatest good. Buddhists believe in transmigration of souls through all phases and forms of life. Their number was estimated in 1881 at 470,000,000.
Buddhist	One who accepts the teachings of Buddhism.
Buddhist	Of or pertaining to Buddha, Buddhism, or the Buddhists.
Buddhistic	Same as Buddhist, a.
Budding	The act or process of producing buds.
Budding	A process of asexual reproduction, in which a new organism or cell is formed by a protrusion of a portion of the animal or vegetable organism, the bud thus formed sometimes remaining attached to the parent stalk or cell, at other times becoming free; gemmation. See Hydroidea.
Budding	The act or process of ingrafting one kind of plant upon another stock by inserting a bud under the bark.
Buddle	An apparatus, especially an inclined trough or vat, in which stamped ore is concentrated by subjecting it to the action of running water so as to wash out the lighter and less valuable portions.
Buddle	To wash ore in a buddle.
Bude burner	A burner consisting of two or more concentric Argand burners (the inner rising above the outer) and a central tube by which oxygen gas or common air is supplied.
Bude light	A light in which high illuminating power is obtained by introducing a jet of oxygen gas or of common air into the center of a flame fed with coal gas or with oil.
Budged	of Budge
Budging	of Budge
Budge	To move off; to stir; to walk away.
Budge	Brisk; stirring; jocund.
Budge	A kind of fur prepared from lambskin dressed with the wool on; -- used formerly as an edging and ornament, esp. of scholastic habits.
Budge	Lined with budge; hence, scholastic.
Budge	Austere or stiff, like scholastics.
Budgeness	Sternness; severity.
Budger	One who budges.
budgerow	A large and commodious, but generally cumbrous and sluggish boat, used for journeys on the Ganges.
Budget	A bag or sack with its contents; hence, a stock or store; an accumulation; as, a budget of inventions.
Budget	The annual financial statement which the British chancellor of the exchequer makes in the House of Commons. It comprehends a general view of the finances of the country, with the proposed plan of taxation for the ensuing year. The term is sometimes applied to a similar statement in other countries.
Budgy	Consisting of fur.
Budlet	A little bud springing from a parent bud.
Buff	A sort of leather, prepared from the skin of the buffalo, dressed with oil, like chamois; also, the skins of oxen, elks, and other animals, dressed in like manner.
Buff	The color of buff; a light yellow, shading toward pink, gray, or brown.
Buff	A military coat, made of buff leather.
Buff	The grayish viscid substance constituting the buffy coat. See Buffy coat, under Buffy, a.
Buff	A wheel covered with buff leather, and used in polishing cutlery, spoons, etc.
Buff	The bare skin; as, to strip to the buff.
Buff	Made of buff leather.
Buff	Of the color of buff.
Buff	To polish with a buff. See Buff, n., 5.
Buff	To strike.
Buff	A buffet; a blow; -- obsolete except in the phrase "Blindman's buff."
Buff	Firm; sturdy.
Buffa	The comic actress in an opera.
Buffa	Comic, farcical.
Buffaloes	of Buffalo
Buffalo	A species of the genus Bos or Bubalus (B. bubalus), originally from India, but now found in most of the warmer countries of the eastern continent. It is larger and less docile than the common ox, and is fond of marshy places and rivers.
Buffalo	A very large and savage species of the same genus (B. Caffer) found in South Africa; -- called also Cape buffalo.
Buffalo	Any species of wild ox.
Buffalo	The bison of North America.
Buffalo	A buffalo robe. See Buffalo robe, below.
Buffalo	The buffalo fish. See Buffalo fish, below.
Buffel duck	A small duck (Charitonetta albeola); the spirit duck, or butterball. The head of the male is covered with numerous elongated feathers, and thus appears large. Called also bufflehead.
Buffer	An elastic apparatus or fender, for deadening the jar caused by the collision of bodies; as, a buffer at the end of a railroad car.
Buffer	A pad or cushion forming the end of a fender, which receives the blow; -- sometimes called buffing apparatus.
Buffer	One who polishes with a buff.
Buffer	A wheel for buffing; a buff.
Buffer	A good-humored, slow-witted fellow; -- usually said of an elderly man.
Bufferhead	The head of a buffer, which recieves the concussion, in railroad carriages.
Buffet	A cupboard or set of shelves, either movable or fixed at one side of a room, for the display of plate, china, etc., a sideboard.
Buffet	A counter for refreshments; a restaurant at a railroad station, or place of public gathering.
Buffet	A blow with the hand; a slap on the face; a cuff.
Buffet	A blow from any source, or that which affects like a blow, as the violence of winds or waves; a stroke; an adverse action; an affliction; a trial; adversity.
Buffet	A small stool; a stool for a buffet or counter.
Buffeted	of Buffet
Buffeting	of Buffet
Buffet	To strike with the hand or fist; to box; to beat; to cuff; to slap.
Buffet	To affect as with blows; to strike repeatedly; to strive with or contend against; as, to buffet the billows.
Buffet	To deaden the sound of (bells) by muffling the clapper.
Buffet	To exercise or play at boxing; to strike; to smite; to strive; to contend.
Buffet	To make one's way by blows or struggling.
Buffeter	One who buffets; a boxer.
Buffeting	A striking with the hand.
Buffeting	A succession of blows; continued violence, as of winds or waves; afflictions; adversity.
Buffin	A sort of coarse stuff; as, buffin gowns.
Buffing apparatus	See Buffer, 1.
Buffle	The buffalo.
Buffle	To puzzle; to be at a loss.
Bufflehead	One who has a large head; a heavy, stupid fellow.
Bufflehead	The buffel duck. See Buffel duck.
Buffle-headed	Having a large head, like a buffalo; dull; stupid; blundering.
Buffo	The comic actor in an opera.
Buffoon	A man who makes a practice of amusing others by low tricks, antic gestures, etc.; a droll; a mimic; a harlequin; a clown; a merry-andrew.
Buffoon	Characteristic of, or like, a buffoon.
Buffoon	To act the part of a buffoon.
Buffoon	To treat with buffoonery.
Buffooneries	of Buffoonery
Buffoonery	The arts and practices of a buffoon, as low jests, ridiculous pranks, vulgar tricks and postures.
Buffoonish	Like a buffoon; consisting in low jests or gestures.
Buffoonism	The practices of a buffoon; buffoonery.
Buffoonly	Low; vulgar.
Buffy	Resembling, or characterized by, buff.
Bufo	A genus of Amphibia including various species of toads.
Bufonite	An old name for a fossil consisting of the petrified teeth and palatal bones of fishes belonging to the family of Pycnodonts (thick teeth), whose remains occur in the oolite and chalk formations; toadstone; -- so named from a notion that it was originally formed in the head of a toad.
Bug	A bugbear; anything which terrifies.
Bug	A general name applied to various insects belonging to the Hemiptera; as, the squash bug; the chinch bug, etc.
Bug	An insect of the genus Cimex, especially the bedbug (C. lectularius). See Bedbug.
Bug	One of various species of Coleoptera; as, the ladybug; potato bug, etc.; loosely, any beetle.
Bug	One of certain kinds of Crustacea; as, the sow bug; pill bug; bait bug; salve bug, etc.
Bugaboo	Alt. of Bugbear
Bugbear	Something frightful, as a specter; anything imaginary that causes needless fright; something used to excite needless fear; also, something really dangerous, used to frighten children, etc.
Bugbane	A perennial white-flowered herb of the order Ranunculaceae and genus Cimiciguga; bugwort. There are several species.
Bugbear	Same as Bugaboo.
Bugbear	Causing needless fright.
Bugbear	To alarm with idle phantoms.
Bugfish	The menhaden.
Bugger	One guilty of buggery or unnatural vice; a sodomite.
Bugger	A wretch; -- sometimes used humorously or in playful disparagement.
Buggery	Unnatural sexual intercourse; sodomy.
Bugginess	The state of being infested with bugs.
Buggy	Infested or abounding with bugs.
Buggies	of Buggy
Buggy	A light one horse two-wheeled vehicle.
Buggy	A light, four-wheeled vehicle, usually with one seat, and with or without a calash top.
Bugle	A sort of wild ox; a buffalo.
Bugle	A horn used by hunters.
Bugle	A copper instrument of the horn quality of tone, shorter and more conical that the trumpet, sometimes keyed; formerly much used in military bands, very rarely in the orchestra; now superseded by the cornet; -- called also the Kent bugle.
Bugle	An elongated glass bead, of various colors, though commonly black.
Bugle	Jet black.
Bugle	A plant of the genus Ajuga of the Mint family, a native of the Old World.
Bugled	Ornamented with bugles.
Bugle horn	A bugle.
Bugle horn	A drinking vessel made of horn.
Bugler	One who plays on a bugle.
Bugleweed	A plant of the Mint family and genus Lycopus; esp. L. Virginicus, which has mild narcotic and astringent properties, and is sometimes used as a remedy for hemorrhage.
Buglosses	of Bugloss
Bugloss	A plant of the genus Anchusa, and especially the A. officinalis, sometimes called alkanet; oxtongue.
Bugwort	Bugbane.
Buhl	Alt. of Buhlwork
Buhlwork	Decorative woodwork in which tortoise shell, yellow metal, white metal, etc., are inlaid, forming scrolls, cartouches, etc.
Buhlbuhl	See Bulbul.
Buhrstone	A cellular, flinty rock, used for mill stones.
Built	of Build
Building	of Build
Builded	of Build
Build	To erect or construct, as an edifice or fabric of any kind; to form by uniting materials into a regular structure; to fabricate; to make; to raise.
Build	To raise or place on a foundation; to form, establish, or produce by using appropriate means.
Build	To increase and strengthen; to increase the power and stability of; to settle, or establish, and preserve; -- frequently with up; as, to build up one's constitution.
Build	To exercise the art, or practice the business, of building.
Build	To rest or depend, as on a foundation; to ground one's self or one's hopes or opinions upon something deemed reliable; to rely; as, to build on the opinions or advice of others.
Build	Form or mode of construction; general figure; make; as, the build of a ship.
Builder	One who builds; one whose occupation is to build, as a carpenter, a shipwright, or a mason.
Building	The act of constructing, erecting, or establishing.
Building	The art of constructing edifices, or the practice of civil architecture.
Building	That which is built; a fabric or edifice constructed, as a house, a church, etc.
Built	Shape; build; form of structure; as, the built of a ship.
Built	Formed; shaped; constructed; made; -- often used in composition and preceded by the word denoting the form; as, frigate-built, clipper-built, etc.
Buke muslin	See Book muslin.
Bukshish	See Backsheesh.
Bulau	An East Indian insectivorous mammal (Gymnura Rafflesii), somewhat like a rat in appearance, but allied to the hedgehog.
Bulb	A spheroidal body growing from a plant either above or below the ground (usually below), which is strictly a bud, consisting of a cluster of partially developed leaves, and producing, as it grows, a stem above, and roots below, as in the onion, tulip, etc. It differs from a corm in not being solid.
Bulb	A name given to some parts that resemble in shape certain bulbous roots; as, the bulb of the aorta.
Bulb	An expansion or protuberance on a stem or tube, as the bulb of a thermometer, which may be of any form, as spherical, cylindrical, curved, etc.
Bulb	To take the shape of a bulb; to swell.
Bulbaceous	Bulbous.
Bulbar	Of or pertaining to bulb; especially, in medicine, pertaining to the bulb of the spinal cord, or medulla oblongata; as, bulbar paralysis.
Bulbed	Having a bulb; round-headed.
Bulbel	A separable bulb formed on some flowering plants.
Bulbiferous	Producing bulbs.
Bulblet	A small bulb, either produced on a larger bulb, or on some aerial part of a plant, as in the axils of leaves in the tiger lily, or replacing the flowers in some kinds of onion.
Bulbose	Bulbous.
Bulbo-tuber	A corm.
Bulbous	Having or containing bulbs, or a bulb; growing from bulbs; bulblike in shape or structure.
Bulbul	The Persian nightingale (Pycnonotus jocosus). The name is also applied to several other Asiatic singing birds, of the family Timaliidae. The green bulbuls belong to the Chloropsis and allied genera.
Bulbule	A small bulb; a bulblet.
Bulchin	A little bull.
Bulge	The bilge or protuberant part of a cask.
Bulge	A swelling, protuberant part; a bending outward, esp. when caused by pressure; as, a bulge in a wall.
Bulge	The bilge of a vessel. See Bilge, 2.
Bulged	of Bulge
Bulging	of Bulge
Bulge	To swell or jut out; to bend outward, as a wall when it yields to pressure; to be protuberant; as, the wall bulges.
Bulge	To bilge, as a ship; to founder.
Bulgy	Bulged; bulging; bending, or tending to bend, outward.
Bulimia	Alt. of Bulimy
Bulimy	A disease in which there is a perpetual and insatiable appetite for food; a diseased and voracious appetite.
Bulimus	A genus of land snails having an elongated spiral shell, often of large size. The species are numerous and abundant in tropical America.
Bulk	Magnitude of material substance; dimensions; mass; size; as, an ox or ship of great bulk.
Bulk	The main mass or body; the largest or principal portion; the majority; as, the bulk of a debt.
Bulk	The cargo of a vessel when stowed.
Bulk	The body.
Bulked	of Bulk
Bulking	of Bulk
Bulk	To appear or seem to be, as to bulk or extent; to swell.
Bulk	A projecting part of a building.
Bulker	A person employed to ascertain the bulk or size of goods, in order to fix the amount of freight or dues payable on them.
Bulkhead	A partition in a vessel, to separate apartments on the same deck.
Bulkhead	A structure of wood or stone, to resist the pressure of earth or water; a partition wall or structure, as in a mine; the limiting wall along a water front.
Bulkiness	Greatness in bulk; size.
Bulky	Of great bulk or dimensions; of great size; large; thick; massive; as, bulky volumes.
Bull	The male of any species of cattle (Bovidae); hence, the male of any large quadruped, as the elephant; also, the male of the whale.
Bull	One who, or that which, resembles a bull in character or action.
Bull	Taurus, the second of the twelve signs of the zodiac.
Bull	A constellation of the zodiac between Aries and Gemini. It contains the Pleiades.
Bull	One who operates in expectation of a rise in the price of stocks, or in order to effect such a rise. See 4th Bear, n., 5.
Bull	Of or pertaining to a bull; resembling a bull; male; large; fierce.
Bull	To be in heat; to manifest sexual desire as cows do.
Bull	To endeavor to raise the market price of; as, to bull railroad bonds; to bull stocks; to bull Lake Shore; to endeavor to raise prices in; as, to bull the market. See 1st Bull, n., 4.
Bull	A seal. See Bulla.
Bull	A letter, edict, or respect, of the pope, written in Gothic characters on rough parchment, sealed with a bulla, and dated "a die Incarnationis," i. e., "from the day of the Incarnation."  See Apostolical brief, under Brief.
Bull	A grotesque blunder in language; an apparent congruity, but real incongruity, of ideas, contained in a form of expression; so called, perhaps, from the apparent incongruity between the dictatorial nature of the pope's bulls and his professions of humility.
Bullae	of Bulla
Bulla	A bleb; a vesicle, or an elevation of the cuticle, containing a transparent watery fluid.
Bulla	The ovoid prominence below the opening of the ear in the skulls of many animals; as, the tympanic or auditory bulla.
Bulla	A leaden seal for a document; esp. the round leaden seal attached to the papal bulls, which has on one side a representation of St. Peter and St. Paul, and on the other the name of the pope who uses it.
Bulla	A genus of marine shells. See Bubble shell.
Bullace	A small European plum (Prunus communis, var. insitita). See Plum.
Bullace	The bully tree.
Bullantic	Pertaining to, or used in, papal bulls.
Bullary	A collection of papal bulls.
Bullaries	of Bullary
Bullary	A place for boiling or preparing salt; a boilery.
Bullate	Appearing as if blistered; inflated; puckered.
Bullbeggar	Something used or suggested to produce terror, as in children or persons of weak mind; a bugbear.
Bull brier	A species of Smilax (S. Pseudo-China) growing from New Jersey to the Gulf of Mexico, which has very large tuberous and farinaceous rootstocks, formerly used by the Indians for a sort of bread, and by the negroes as an ingredient in making beer; -- called also bamboo brier and China brier.
Bullcomber	A scaraboid beetle; esp. the Typhaeus vulgaris of Europe.
Bulldog	A variety of dog, of remarkable ferocity, courage, and tenacity of grip; -- so named, probably, from being formerly employed in baiting bulls.
Bulldog	A refractory material used as a furnace lining, obtained by calcining the cinder or slag from the puddling furnace of a rolling mill.
Bulldog	Characteristic of, or like, a bulldog; stubborn; as, bulldog courage; bulldog tenacity.
Bulldozed	of Bulldoze
Bulldozing	of Bulldoze
Bulldoze	To intimidate; to restrain or coerce by intimidation or violence; -- used originally of the intimidation of negro voters, in Louisiana.
Bulldozer	One who bulldozes.
Bulled	Swollen.
Bullen-bullen	The lyre bird.
Bullen-nail	A nail with a round head and short shank, tinned and lacquered.
Bullet	A small ball.
Bullet	A missile, usually of lead, and round or elongated in form, to be discharged from a rifle, musket, pistol, or other small firearm.
Bullet	A cannon ball.
Bullet	The fetlock of a horse.
Bullet-proof	Capable of resisting the force of a bullet.
Bulletin	A brief statement of facts respecting some passing event, as military operations or the health of some distinguished personage, issued by authority for the information of the public.
Bulletin	Any public notice or announcement, especially of news recently received.
Bulletin	A periodical publication, especially one containing the proceeding of a society.
Bullfaced	Having a large face.
Bullfeast	See Bullfight.
Bullfight	Alt. of Bullfighting
Bullfighting	A barbarous sport, of great antiquity, in which men torment, and fight with, a bull or bulls in an arena, for public amusement, -- still popular in Spain.
Bullfinch	A bird of the genus Pyrrhula and other related genera, especially the P. vulgaris / rubicilla, a bird of Europe allied to the grosbeak, having the breast, cheeks, and neck, red.
Bullfist	Alt. of Bullfice
Bullfice	A kind of fungus. See Puffball.
Bull fly	Alt. of Bullfly
Bullfly	Any large fly troublesome to cattle, as the gadflies and breeze flies.
Bullfrog	A very large species of frog (Rana Catesbiana), found in North America; -- so named from its loud bellowing in spring.
Bullhead	A fresh-water fish of many species, of the genus Uranidea, esp. U. gobio of Europe, and U. Richardsoni of the United States; -- called also miller's thumb.
Bullhead	In America, several species of Amiurus; -- called also catfish, horned pout, and bullpout.
Bullhead	A marine fish of the genus Cottus; the sculpin.
Bullhead	The black-bellied plover (Squatarola helvetica); -- called also beetlehead.
Bullhead	The golden plover.
Bullhead	A stupid fellow; a lubber.
Bullhead	A small black water insect.
Bullheaded	Having a head like that of a bull. Fig.: Headstrong; obstinate; dogged.
Bullion	Uncoined gold or silver in the mass.
Bullion	Base or uncurrent coin.
Bullion	Showy metallic ornament, as of gold, silver, or copper, on bridles, saddles, etc.
Bullion	Heavy twisted fringe, made of fine gold or silver wire and used for epaulets; also, any heavy twisted fringe whose cords are prominent.
Bullionist	An advocate for a metallic currency, or a paper currency always convertible into gold.
Bullirag	To intimidate by bullying; to rally contemptuously; to badger.
Bullish	Partaking of the nature of a bull, or a blunder.
Bullist	A writer or drawer up of papal bulls.
Bullition	The action of boiling; boiling. [Obs.] See Ebullition.
Bull-necked	Having a short and thick neck like that of a bull.
Bullock	A young bull, or any male of the ox kind.
Bullock	An ox, steer, or stag.
Bullock	To bully.
Bullock's-eye	See Bull's-eye, 3.
Bullon	A West Indian fish (Scarus Croicensis).
Bullpout	See Bullhead, 1 (b).
Bull's-eye	A small circular or oval wooden block without sheaves, having a groove around it and a hole through it, used for connecting rigging.
Bull's-eye	A small round cloud, with a ruddy center, supposed by sailors to portend a storm.
Bull's-eye	A small thick disk of glass inserted in a deck, roof, floor, ship's side, etc., to let in light.
Bull's-eye	A circular or oval opening for air or light.
Bull's-eye	A lantern, with a thick glass lens on one side for concentrating the light on any object; also, the lens itself.
Bull's-eye	Aldebaran, a bright star in the eye of Taurus or the Bull.
Bull's-eye	The center of a target.
Bull's-eye	A thick knob or protuberance left on glass by the end of the pipe through which it was blown.
Bull's-eye	A small and thick old-fashioned watch.
Bull's-nose	An external angle when obtuse or rounded.
Bull terrier	A breed of dogs obtained by crossing the bulldog and the terrier.
Bull trout	In England, a large salmon trout of several species, as Salmo trutta and S. Cambricus, which ascend rivers; -- called also sea trout.
Bull trout	Salvelinus malma of California and Oregon; -- called also Dolly Varden trout and red-spotted trout.
Bull trout	The huso or salmon of the Danube.
Bullweed	Knapweed.
Bullwort	See Bishop's-weed.
Bullies	of Bully
Bully	A noisy, blustering fellow, more insolent than courageous; one who is threatening and quarrelsome; an insolent, tyrannical fellow.
Bully	A brisk, dashing fellow.
Bully	Jovial and blustering; dashing.
Bully	Fine; excellent; as, a bully horse.
Bullied	of Bully
Bullying	of Bully
Bully	To intimidate with threats and by an overbearing, swaggering demeanor; to act the part of a bully toward.
Bully	To act as a bully.
Bullyrag	Same as Bullirag.
Bullyrock	A bully.
Bully tree	The name of several West Indian trees of the order Sapotaceae, as Dipholis nigra and species of Sapota and Mimusops. Most of them yield a substance closely resembling gutta-percha.
Bulrush	A kind of large rush, growing in wet land or in water.
Bulse	A purse or bag in which to carry or measure diamonds, etc.
Bultel	A bolter or bolting cloth; also, bran.
Bulti	Same as Bolty.
Bultow	A trawl; a boulter; the mode of fishing with a boulter or spiller.
Bulwark	A rampart; a fortification; a bastion or outwork.
Bulwark	That which secures against an enemy, or defends from attack; any means of defense or protection.
Bulwark	The sides of a ship above the upper deck.
Bulwarked	of Bulwark
Bulwarking	of Bulwark
Bulwark	To fortify with, or as with, a rampart or wall; to secure by fortification; to protect.
Bum	The buttock.
Bummed	of Bum
Bumming	of Bum
Bum	To make murmuring or humming sound.
Bum	A humming noise.
Bumbailiff	See Bound bailiff, under Bound, a.
Bumbard	See Bombard.
Bumbarge	See Bumboat.
Bumbast	See Bombast.
Bumbeloes	of Bumbelo
Bumbelo	A glass used in subliming camphor.
Bumble	The bittern.
Bumble	To make a hollow or humming noise, like that of a bumblebee; to cry as a bittern.
Bumblebee	A large bee of the genus Bombus, sometimes called humblebee; -- so named from its sound.
Bumboat	A clumsy boat, used for conveying provisions, fruit, etc., for sale, to vessels lying in port or off shore.
Bumkin	A projecting beam or boom; as: (a) One projecting from each bow of a vessel, to haul the fore tack to, called a tack bumpkin. (b) One from each quarter, for the main-brace blocks, and called brace bumpkin. (c) A small outrigger over the stern of a boat, to extend the mizzen.
Bummalo	A small marine Asiatic fish (Saurus ophidon) used in India as a relish; -- called also Bombay duck.
Bummer	An idle, worthless fellow, who is without any visible means of support; a dissipated sponger.
Bummery	See Bottomery.
Bumped	of Bump
Bumping	of Bump
Bump	To strike, as with or against anything large or solid; to thump; as, to bump the head against a wall.
Bump	To come in violent contact with something; to thump.
Bump	A thump; a heavy blow.
Bump	A swelling or prominence, resulting from a bump or blow; a protuberance.
Bump	One of the protuberances on the cranium which are associated with distinct faculties or affections of the mind; as, the bump of "veneration;"  the bump of  "acquisitiveness."
Bump	The act of striking the stern of the boat in advance with the prow of the boat following.
Bump	To make a loud, heavy, or hollow noise, as the bittern; to boom.
Bump	The noise made by the bittern.
Bumper	A cup or glass filled to the brim, or till the liquor runs over, particularly in drinking a health or toast.
Bumper	A covered house at a theater, etc., in honor of some favorite performer.
Bumper	That which bumps or causes a bump.
Bumper	Anything which resists or deadens a bump or shock; a buffer.
Bumpkin	An awkward, heavy country fellow; a clown; a country lout.
Bumptious	Self-conceited; forward; pushing.
Bumptiousness	Conceitedness.
Bun	Alt. of Bunn
Bunn	A slightly sweetened raised cake or bisquit with a glazing of sugar and milk on the top crust.
Bunch	A protuberance; a hunch; a knob or lump; a hump.
Bunch	A collection, cluster, or tuft, properly of things of the same kind, growing or fastened together; as, a bunch of grapes; a bunch of keys.
Bunch	A small isolated mass of ore, as distinguished from a continuous vein.
Bunched	of Bunch
Bunching	of Bunch
Bunch	To swell out into a bunch or protuberance; to be protuberant or round.
Bunch	To form into a bunch or bunches.
Bunch-backed	Having a bunch on the back; crooked.
Bunchberry	The dwarf cornel (Cornus Canadensis), which bears a dense cluster of bright red, edible berries.
Bunch grass	A grass growing in bunches and affording pasture. In California, Atropis tenuifolia, Festuca scabrella, and several kinds of Stipa are favorite bunch grasses. In Utah, Eriocoma cuspidata is a good bunch grass.
Bunchiness	The quality or condition of being bunchy; knobbiness.
Bunchy	Swelling out in bunches.
Bunchy	Growing in bunches, or resembling a bunch; having tufts; as, the bird's bunchy tail.
Bunchy	Yielding irregularly; sometimes rich, sometimes poor; as, a bunchy mine.
Buncombe	Alt. of Bunkum
Bunkum	Speech-making for the gratification of constituents, or to gain public applause; flattering talk for a selfish purpose; anything said for mere show.
Bund	League; confederacy; esp. the confederation of German states.
Bund	An embankment against inundation.
Bunder	A boat or raft used in the East Indies in the landing of passengers and goods.
Bundesrath	The federal council of the German Empire. In the Bundesrath and the Reichstag are vested the legislative functions. The federal council of Switzerland is also so called.
Bundle	A number of things bound together, as by a cord or envelope, into a mass or package convenient for handling or conveyance; a loose package; a roll; as, a bundle of straw or of paper; a bundle of old clothes.
Bundled	of Bundle
Bundling	of Bundle
Bundle	To tie or bind in a bundle or roll.
Bundle	To send off abruptly or without ceremony.
Bundle	To prepare for departure; to set off in a hurry or without ceremony.
Bundle	To sleep on the same bed without undressing; -- applied to the custom of a man and woman, especially lovers, thus sleeping.
Bung	The large stopper of the orifice in the bilge of a cask.
Bung	The orifice in the bilge of a cask through which it is filled; bunghole.
Bung	A sharper or pickpocket.
Bunged	of Bung
Bunging	of Bung
Bung	To stop, as the orifice in the bilge of a cask, with a bung; to close; -- with up.
Bungalow	A thatched or tiled house or cottage, of a single story, usually surrounded by a veranda.
Bungarum	A venomous snake of India, of the genus Bungarus, allied to the cobras, but without a hood.
Bunghole	See Bung, n., 2.
Bungled	of Bungle
Bungling	of Bungle
Bungle	To act or work in a clumsy, awkward manner.
Bungle	To make or mend clumsily; to manage awkwardly; to botch; -- sometimes with up.
Bungle	A clumsy or awkward performance; a botch; a gross blunder.
Bungler	A clumsy, awkward workman; one who bungles.
Bungling	Unskillful; awkward; clumsy; as, a bungling workman.
Bunglingly	Clumsily; awkwardly.
Bungo	A kind of canoe used in Central and South America; also, a kind of boat used in the Southern United States.
Bunion	Same as Bunyon.
Bunk	A wooden case or box, which serves for a seat in the daytime and for a bed at night.
Bunk	One of a series of berths or bed places in tiers.
Bunk	A piece of wood placed on a lumberman's sled to sustain the end of heavy timbers.
Bunked	of Bunk
Bunking	of Bunk
Bunk	To go to bed in a bunk; -- sometimes with in.
Bunker	A sort of chest or box, as in a window, the lid of which serves for a seat.
Bunker	A large bin or similar receptacle; as, a coal bunker.
Bunko	A kind of swindling game or scheme, by means of cards or by a sham lottery.
Bunkum	See Buncombe.
Bunn	See Bun.
Bunnian	See Bunyon.
Bunny	A great collection of ore without any vein coming into it or going out from it.
Bunny	A pet name for a rabbit or a squirrel.
Bunodonta	Alt. of Bunodonts
Bunodonts	A division of the herbivorous mammals including the hogs and hippopotami; -- so called because the teeth are tuberculated.
Bunsen's battery	Alt. of Bunsen's burner
Bunsen's burner	See under Battery, and Burner.
Bunt	A fungus (Ustilago foetida) which affects the ear of cereals, filling the grains with a fetid dust; -- also called pepperbrand.
Bunt	The middle part, cavity, or belly of a sail; the part of a furled sail which is at the center of the yard.
Bunt	To swell out; as, the sail bunts.
Bunt	To strike or push with the horns or head; to butt; as, the ram bunted the boy.
Bunter	A woman who picks up rags in the streets; hence, a low, vulgar woman.
Bunting	A bird of the genus Emberiza, or of an allied genus, related to the finches and sparrows (family Fringillidae).
Bunting	Alt. of Buntine
Buntine	A thin woolen stuff, used chiefly for flags, colors, and ships' signals.
Buntline	One of the ropes toggled to the footrope of a sail, used to haul up to the yard the body of the sail when taking it in.
Bunyon	Alt. of Bunion
Bunion	An enlargement and inflammation of a small membranous sac (one of the bursae muscosae), usually occurring on the first joint of the great toe.
Buoy	A float; esp. a floating object moored to the bottom, to mark a channel or to point out the position of something beneath the water, as an anchor, shoal, rock, etc.
Buoyed	of Buoy
Buoying	of Buoy
Buoy	To keep from sinking in a fluid, as in water or air; to keep afloat; -- with up.
Buoy	To support or sustain; to preserve from sinking into ruin or despondency.
Buoy	To fix buoys to; to mark by a buoy or by buoys; as, to buoy an anchor; to buoy or buoy off a channel.
Buoy	To float; to rise like a buoy.
Buoyage	Buoys, taken collectively; a series of buoys, as for the guidance of vessels into or out of port; the providing of buoys.
Buoyance	Buoyancy.
Buoyancies	of Buoyancy
Buoyancy	The property of floating on the surface of a liquid, or in a fluid, as in the atmosphere; specific lightness, which is inversely as the weight compared with that of an equal volume of water.
Buoyancy	The upward pressure exerted upon a floating body by a fluid, which is equal to the weight of the body; hence, also, the weight of a floating body, as measured by the volume of fluid displaced.
Buoyancy	Cheerfulness; vivacity; liveliness; sprightliness; -- the opposite of heaviness; as, buoyancy of spirits.
Buoyant	Having the quality of rising or floating in a fluid; tending to rise or float; as, iron is buoyant in mercury.
Buoyant	Bearing up, as a fluid; sustaining another body by being specifically heavier.
Buoyant	Light-hearted; vivacious; cheerful; as, a buoyant disposition; buoyant spirits.
Buprestidan	One of a tribe of beetles, of the genus Buprestis and allied genera, usually with brilliant metallic colors. The larvae are usually borers in timber, or beneath bark, and are often very destructive to trees.
Bur	Alt. of Burr
Burr	Any rough or prickly envelope of the seeds of plants, whether a pericarp, a persistent calyx, or an involucre, as of the chestnut and burdock. Also, any weed which bears burs.
Burr	The thin ridge left by a tool in cutting or shaping metal. See Burr, n., 2.
Burr	A ring of iron on a lance or spear. See Burr, n., 4.
Burr	The lobe of the ear. See Burr, n., 5.
Burr	The sweetbread.
Burr	A clinker; a partially vitrified brick.
Burr	A small circular saw.
Burr	A triangular chisel.
Burr	A drill with a serrated head larger than the shank; -- used by dentists.
Burr	The round knob of an antler next to a deer's head.
Burbolt	A birdbolt.
Burbot	A fresh-water fish of the genus Lota, having on the nose two very small barbels, and a larger one on the chin.
Burdelais	A sort of grape.
Burden	That which is borne or carried; a load.
Burden	That which is borne with labor or difficulty; that which is grievous, wearisome, or oppressive.
Burden	The capacity of a vessel, or the weight of cargo that she will carry; as, a ship of a hundred tons burden.
Burden	The tops or heads of stream-work which lie over the stream of tin.
Burden	The proportion of ore and flux to fuel, in the charge of a blast furnace.
Burden	A fixed quantity of certain commodities; as, a burden of gad steel, 120 pounds.
Burden	A birth.
Burdened	of Burden
Burdening	of Burden
Burden	To encumber with weight (literal or figurative); to lay a heavy load upon; to load.
Burden	To oppress with anything grievous or trying; to overload; as, to burden a nation with taxes.
Burden	To impose, as a load or burden; to lay or place as a burden (something heavy or objectionable).
Burden	The verse repeated in a song, or the return of the theme at the end of each stanza; the chorus; refrain. Hence: That which is often repeated or which is dwelt upon; the main topic; as, the burden of a prayer.
Burden	The drone of a bagpipe.
Burden	A club.
Burdener	One who loads; an oppressor.
Burdenous	Burdensome.
Burdensome	Grievous to be borne; causing uneasiness or fatigue; oppressive.
Burdock	A genus of coarse biennial herbs (Lappa), bearing small burs which adhere tenaciously to clothes, or to the fur or wool of animals.
Burdon	A pilgrim's staff.
Bureaus	of Bureau
Bureaux	of Bureau
Bureau	Originally, a desk or writing table with drawers for papers.
Bureau	The place where such a bureau is used; an office where business requiring writing is transacted.
Bureau	Hence: A department of public business requiring a force of clerks; the body of officials in a department who labor under the direction of a chief.
Bureau	A chest of drawers for clothes, especially when made as an ornamental piece of furniture.
Bureaucracy	A system of carrying on the business of government by means of departments or bureaus, each under the control of a chief, in contradiction to a system in which the officers of government have an associated authority and responsibility; also, government conducted on this system.
Bureaucracy	Government officials, collectively.
Bureaucrat	An official of a bureau; esp. an official confirmed in a narrow and arbitrary routine.
Bureaucratic	Alt. of Bureaucratical
Bureaucratical	Of, relating to, or resembling, a bureaucracy.
Bureaucratist	An advocate for , or supporter of, bureaucracy.
Burel	Same as Borrel.
Burette	An apparatus for delivering measured quantities of liquid or for measuring the quantity of liquid or gas received or discharged. It consists essentially of a graduated glass tube, usually furnished with a small aperture and stopcock.
Bur fish	A spinose, plectognath fish of the Allantic coast of the United States (esp. Chilo mycterus geometricus) having the power of distending its body with water or air, so as to resemble a chestnut bur; -- called also ball fish, balloon fish, and swellfish.
Burg	A fortified town.
Burg	A borough.
Burgage	A tenure by which houses or lands are held of the king or other lord of a borough or city; at a certain yearly rent, or by services relating to trade or handicraft.
Burgall	A small marine fish; -- also called cunner.
Burgamot	See Bergamot.
Burganet	See Burgonet.
Burgee	A kind of small coat.
Burgee	A swallow-tailed flag; a distinguishing pennant, used by cutters, yachts, and merchant vessels.
Burgeois	See 1st Bourgeois.
Burgeois	A burgess; a citizen. See 2d Bourgeois.
Burgeon	To bud. See Bourgeon.
Burgess	An inhabitant of a borough or walled town, or one who possesses a tenement therein; a citizen or freeman of a borough.
Burgess	One who represents a borough in Parliament.
Burgess	A magistrate of a borough.
Burgess	An inhabitant of a Scotch burgh qualified to vote for municipal officers.
Burgess-ship	The state of privilege of a burgess.
Burggrave	Originally, one appointed to the command of a burg (fortress or castle); but the title afterward became hereditary, with a domain attached.
Burgh	A borough or incorporated town, especially, one in Scotland. See Borough.
Burghal	Belonging to a burgh.
Burghbote	A contribution toward the building or repairing of castles or walls for the defense of a city or town.
Burghbrech	The offense of violating the pledge given by every inhabitant of a tithing to keep the peace; breach of the peace.
Burgher	A freeman of a burgh or borough, entitled to enjoy the privileges of the place; any inhabitant of a borough.
Burgher	A member of that party, among the Scotch seceders, which asserted the lawfulness of the burgess oath (in which burgesses profess "the true religion professed within the realm"), the opposite party being called antiburghers.
Burghermaster	See Burgomaster.
Burghership	The state or privileges of a burgher.
Burghmaster	A burgomaster.
Burghmaster	An officer who directs and lays out the meres or boundaries for the workmen; -- called also bailiff, and barmaster.
Burghmote	A court or meeting of a burgh or borough; a borough court held three times yearly.
Burglar	One guilty of the crime of burglary.
Burglarer	A burglar.
Burglarious	Pertaining to burglary; constituting the crime of burglary.
Burglariously	With an intent to commit burglary; in the manner of a burglar.
Burglaries	of Burglary
Burglary	Breaking and entering the dwelling house of another, in the nighttime, with intent to commit a felony therein, whether the felonious purpose be accomplished or not.
Burgomaster	A chief magistrate of a municipal town in Holland, Flanders, and Germany, corresponding to mayor in England and the United States; a burghmaster.
Burgomaster	An aquatic bird, the glaucous gull (Larus glaucus), common in arctic regions.
Burgonet	A kind of helmet.
Burgoo	A kind of oatmeal pudding, or thick gruel, used by seamen.
Burgrass	Grass of the genus Cenchrus, growing in sand, and having burs for fruit.
Burgrave	See Burggrave.
Burgundy	An old province of France (in the eastern central part).
Burgundy	A richly flavored wine, mostly red, made in Burgundy, France.
Burh	See Burg.
Burhel	Alt. of Burrhel
Burrhel	The wild Himalayan, or blue, sheep (Ovis burrhel).
Burial	A grave; a tomb; a place of sepulture.
Burial	The act of burying; depositing a dead body in the earth, in a tomb or vault, or in the water, usually with attendant ceremonies; sepulture; interment.
Burier	One who, or that which, buries.
Burin	The cutting tool of an engraver on metal, used in line engraving. It is made of tempered steel, one end being ground off obliquely so as to produce a sharp point, and the other end inserted in a handle; a graver; also, the similarly shaped tool used by workers in marble.
Burin	The manner or style of execution of an engraver; as, a soft burin; a brilliant burin.
Burinist	One who works with the burin.
Burion	The red-breasted house sparrow of California (Carpodacus frontalis); -- called also crimson-fronted bullfinch.
Burked	of Burke
Burking	of Burke
Burke	To murder by suffocation, or so as to produce few marks of violence, for the purpose of obtaining a body to be sold for dissection.
Burke	To dispose of quietly or indirectly; to suppress; to smother; to shelve; as, to burke a parliamentary question.
Burkism	The practice of killing persons for the purpose of selling their bodies for dissection.
Burled	of Burl
Burling	of Burl
Burl	To dress or finish up (cloth); to pick knots, burs, loose threads, etc., from, as in finishing cloth.
Burl	A knot or lump in thread or cloth.
Burl	An overgrown knot, or an excrescence, on a tree; also, veneer made from such excrescences.
Burlap	A coarse fabric, made of jute or hemp, used for bagging; also, a finer variety of similar material, used for curtains, etc.
Burler	One who burls or dresses cloth.
Burlesque	Tending to excite laughter or contempt by extravagant images, or by a contrast between the subject and the manner of treating it, as when a trifling subject is treated with mock gravity; jocular; ironical.
Burlesque	Ludicrous representation; exaggerated parody; grotesque satire.
Burlesque	An ironical or satirical composition intended to excite laughter, or to ridicule anything.
Burlesque	A ludicrous imitation; a caricature; a travesty; a gross perversion.
Burlesqued	of Burlesque
Burlesquing	of Burlesque
Burlesque	To ridicule, or to make ludicrous by grotesque representation in action or in language.
Burlesque	To employ burlesque.
Burlesquer	One who burlesques.
Burletta	A comic operetta; a music farce.
Burliness	Quality of being burly.
Burly	Having a large, strong, or gross body; stout; lusty; -- now used chiefly of human beings, but formerly of animals, in the sense of stately or beautiful, and of inanimate things that were huge and bulky.
Burly	Coarse and rough; boisterous.
Burmans	of Burman
Burman	A member of the Burman family, one of the four great families Burmah; also, sometimes, any inhabitant of Burmah; a Burmese.
Burman	Of or pertaining to the Burmans or to Burmah.
Bur marigold	See Beggar's ticks.
Burmese	Of or pertaining to Burmah, or its inhabitants.
Burmese	A native or the natives of Burmah. Also (sing.), the language of the Burmans.
Burned	of Burn
Burnt	of Burn
Burning	of Burn
Burn	To consume with fire; to reduce to ashes by the action of heat or fire; -- frequently intensified by up: as, to burn up wood.
Burn	To injure by fire or heat; to change destructively some property or properties of, by undue exposure to fire or heat; to scorch; to scald; to blister; to singe; to char; to sear; as, to burn steel in forging; to burn one's face in the sun; the sun burns the grass.
Burn	To perfect or improve by fire or heat; to submit to the action of fire or heat for some economic purpose; to destroy or change some property or properties of, by exposure to fire or heat in due degree for obtaining a desired residuum, product, or effect; to bake; as, to burn clay in making bricks or pottery; to burn wood so as to produce charcoal; to burn limestone for the lime.
Burn	To make or produce, as an effect or result, by the application of fire or heat; as, to burn a hole; to burn charcoal; to burn letters into a block.
Burn	To consume, injure, or change the condition of, as if by action of fire or heat; to affect as fire or heat does; as, to burn the mouth with pepper.
Burn	To apply a cautery to; to cauterize.
Burn	To cause to combine with oxygen or other active agent, with evolution of heat; to consume; to oxidize; as, a man burns a certain amount of carbon at each respiration; to burn iron in oxygen.
Burn	To be of fire; to flame.
Burn	To suffer from, or be scorched by, an excess of heat.
Burn	To have a condition, quality, appearance, sensation, or emotion, as if on fire or excessively heated; to act or rage with destructive violence; to be in a state of lively emotion or strong desire; as, the face burns; to burn with fever.
Burn	To combine energetically, with evolution of heat; as, copper burns in chlorine.
Burn	In certain games, to approach near to a concealed object which is sought.
Burn	A hurt, injury, or effect caused by fire or excessive or intense heat.
Burn	The operation or result of burning or baking, as in brickmaking; as, they have a good burn.
Burn	A disease in vegetables. See Brand, n., 6.
Burn	A small stream.
Burnable	Combustible.
Burned	See Burnt.
Burned	Burnished.
Burner	One who, or that which, burns or sets fire to anything.
Burner	The part of a lamp, gas fixture, etc., where the flame is produced.
Burnet	A genus of perennial herbs (Poterium); especially, P.Sanguisorba, the common, or garden, burnet.
Burnettized	of Burnettize
Burnettizing	of Burnettize
Burnettize	To subject (wood, fabrics, etc.) to a process of saturation in a solution of chloride of zinc, to prevent decay; -- a process invented by Sir William Burnett.
Burnie	A small brook.
Burniebee	The ladybird.
Burning	That burns; being on fire; excessively hot; fiery.
Burning	Consuming; intense; inflaming; exciting; vehement; powerful; as, burning zeal.
Burning	The act of consuming by fire or heat, or of subjecting to the effect of fire or heat; the state of being on fire or excessively heated.
Burnished	of Burnish
Burnishing	of Burnish
Burnish	To cause to shine; to make smooth and bright; to polish; specifically, to polish by rubbing with something hard and smooth; as, to burnish brass or paper.
Burnish	To shine forth; to brighten; to become smooth and glossy, as from swelling or filling out; hence, to grow large.
Burnish	The effect of burnishing; gloss; brightness; luster.
Burnisher	One who burnishes.
Burnisher	A tool with a hard, smooth, rounded end or surface, as of steel, ivory, or agate, used in smoothing or polishing by rubbing. It has a variety of forms adapted to special uses.
Burnoose	Alt. of Burnous
Burnous	A cloaklike garment and hood woven in one piece, worn by Arabs.
Burnous	A combination cloak and hood worn by women.
Burnstickle	A stickleback (Gasterosteus aculeatus).
Burnt	Consumed with, or as with, fire; scorched or dried, as with fire or heat; baked or hardened in the fire or the sun.
Burr	A prickly seed vessel. See Bur, 1.
Burr	The thin edge or ridge left by a tool in cutting or shaping metal, as in turning, engraving, pressing, etc.; also, the rough neck left on a bullet in casting.
Burr	A thin flat piece of metal, formed from a sheet by punching; a small washer put on the end of a rivet before it is swaged down.
Burr	A broad iron ring on a tilting lance just below the gripe, to prevent the hand from slipping.
Burr	The lobe or lap of the ear.
Burr	A guttural pronounciation of the letter r, produced by trilling the extremity of the soft palate against the back part of the tongue; rotacism; -- often called the Newcastle, Northumberland, or Tweedside, burr.
Burr	The knot at the bottom of an antler. See Bur, n., 8.
Burred	of Burr
Burring	of Burr
Burr	To speak with burr; to make a hoarse or guttural murmur.
Burrel	A sort of pear, called also the red butter pear, from its smooth, delicious, soft pulp.
Burrel	Same as Borrel.
Burrel fly	The botfly or gadfly of cattle (Hypoderma bovis). See Gadfly.
Burrel shot	A mixture of shot, nails, stones, pieces of old iron, etc., fired from a cannon at short range, in an emergency.
Burring machine	A machine for cleansing wool of burs, seeds, and other substances.
Burr millstone	See Buhrstone.
Burro	A donkey.
Burrock	A small weir or dam in a river to direct the stream to gaps where fish traps are placed.
Burrow	An incorporated town. See 1st Borough.
Burrow	A shelter; esp. a hole in the ground made by certain animals, as rabbits, for shelter and habitation.
Burrow	A heap or heaps of rubbish or refuse.
Burrow	A mound. See 3d Barrow, and Camp, n., 5.
Burrowed	of Burrow
Burrowing	of Burrow
Burrow	To excavate a hole to lodge in, as in the earth; to lodge in a hole excavated in the earth, as conies or rabbits.
Burrow	To lodge, or take refuge, in any deep or concealed place; to hide.
Burrower	One who, or that which, burrows; an animal that makes a hole under ground and lives in it.
Burrstone	See Buhrstone.
Burry	Abounding in burs, or containing burs; resembling burs; as, burry wool.
Bursae	of Bursa
Bursa	Any sac or saclike cavity; especially, one of the synovial sacs, or small spaces, often lined with synovial membrane, interposed between tendons and bony prominences.
Bursal	Of or pertaining to a bursa or to bursae.
Bursar	A treasurer, or cash keeper; a purser; as, the bursar of a college, or of a monastery.
Bursar	A student to whom a stipend or bursary is paid for his complete or partial support.
Bursarship	The office of a bursar.
-ries	of Bursary
Bursary	The treasury of a college or monastery.
Bursary	A scholarship or charitable foundation in a university, as in Scotland; a sum given to enable a student to pursue his studies.
Burschen	of Bursch
Bursch	A youth; especially, a student in a german university.
Burse	A purse; also, a vesicle; a pod; a hull.
Burse	A fund or foundation for the maintenance of needy scholars in their studies; also, the sum given to the beneficiaries.
Burse	An ornamental case of hold the corporal when not in use.
Burse	An exchange, for merchants and bankers, in the cities of continental Europe. Same as Bourse.
Burse	A kind of bazaar.
Bursiculate	Bursiform.
Bursiform	Shaped like a purse.
Bursitis	Inflammation of a bursa.
Burst	of Burst
Bursting	of Burst
Burst	To fly apart or in pieces; of break open; to yield to force or pressure, especially to a sudden and violent exertion of force, or to pressure from within; to explode; as, the boiler had burst; the buds will burst in spring.
Burst	To exert force or pressure by which something is made suddenly to give way; to break through obstacles or limitations; hence, to appear suddenly and unexpectedly or unaccountably, or to depart in such manner; -- usually with some qualifying adverb or preposition, as forth, out, away, into, upon, through, etc.
Burst	To break or rend by violence, as by an overcharge or by strain or pressure, esp. from within; to force open suddenly; as, to burst a cannon; to burst a blood vessel; to burst open the doors.
Burst	To break.
Burst	To produce as an effect of bursting; as, to burst a hole through the wall.
Burst	A sudden breaking forth; a violent rending; an explosion; as, a burst of thunder; a burst of applause; a burst of passion; a burst of inspiration.
Burst	Any brief, violent exertion or effort; a spurt; as, a burst of speed.
Burst	A sudden opening, as of landscape; a stretch; an expanse.
Burst	A rupture or hernia; a breach.
Bursten	p. p. of Burst, v. i.
Burster	One that bursts.
Burstwort	A plant (Herniaria glabra) supposed to be valuable for the cure of hernia or rupture.
Burt	See Birt.
Burthen	See Burden.
Burton	A peculiar tackle, formed of two or more blocks, or pulleys, the weight being suspended to a hook block in the bight of the running part.
Bury	A borough; a manor; as, the Bury of St. Edmond's
Bury	A manor house; a castle.
Buried	of Bury
Burying	of Bury
Bury	To cover out of sight, either by heaping something over, or by placing within something, as earth, etc.; to conceal by covering; to hide; as, to bury coals in ashes; to bury the face in the hands.
Bury	Specifically: To cover out of sight, as the body of a deceased person, in a grave, a tomb, or the ocean; to deposit (a corpse) in its resting place, with funeral ceremonies; to inter; to inhume.
Bury	To hide in oblivion; to put away finally; to abandon; as, to bury strife.
Burying ground	Alt. of Burying place
Burying place	The ground or place for burying the dead; burial place.
Bus	An omnibus.
Busbies	of Busby
Busby	A military headdress or cap, used in the British army. It is of fur, with a bag, of the same color as the facings of the regiment, hanging from the top over the right shoulder.
Buscon	One who searches for ores; a prospector.
Bush	A thicket, or place abounding in trees or shrubs; a wild forest.
Bush	A shrub; esp., a shrub with branches rising from or near the root; a thick shrub or a cluster of shrubs.
Bush	A shrub cut off, or a shrublike branch of a tree; as, bushes to support pea vines.
Bush	A shrub or branch, properly, a branch of ivy (as sacred to Bacchus), hung out at vintners' doors, or as a tavern sign; hence, a tavern sign, and symbolically, the tavern itself.
Bush	The tail, or brush, of a fox.
Bush	To branch thickly in the manner of a bush.
Bushed	of Bush
Bushing	of Bush
Bush	To set bushes for; to support with bushes; as, to bush peas.
Bush	To use a bush harrow on (land), for covering seeds sown; to harrow with a bush; as, to bush a piece of land; to bush seeds into the ground.
Bush	A lining for a hole to make it smaller; a thimble or ring of metal or wood inserted in a plate or other part of machinery to receive the wear of a pivot or arbor.
Bush	A piece of copper, screwed into a gun, through which the venthole is bored.
Bush	To furnish with a bush, or lining; as, to bush a pivot hole.
Bushboy	See Bushman.
Bushel	A dry measure, containing four pecks, eight gallons, or thirty-two quarts.
Bushel	A vessel of the capacity of a bushel, used in measuring; a bushel measure.
Bushel	A quantity that fills a bushel measure; as, a heap containing ten bushels of apples.
Bushel	A large indefinite quantity.
Bushel	The iron lining in the nave of a wheel. [Eng.] In the United States it is called a box. See 4th Bush.
Bushelage	A duty payable on commodities by the bushel.
Bushelman	A tailor's assistant for repairing garments; -- called also busheler.
Bushet	A small bush.
Bushfighter	One accustomed to bushfighting.
Bushfighting	Fighting in the bush, or from behind bushes, trees, or thickets.
Bushhammer	A hammer with a head formed of a bundle of square bars, with pyramidal points, arranged in rows, or a solid head with a face cut into a number of rows of such points; -- used for dressing stone.
Bushhammer	To dress with bushhammer; as, to bushhammer a block of granite.
Bushiness	The condition or quality of being bushy.
Bushing	The operation of fitting bushes, or linings, into holes or places where wear is to be received, or friction diminished, as pivot holes, etc.
Bushing	A bush or lining; -- sometimes called a thimble. See 4th Bush.
Bushless	Free from bushes; bare.
Bushmen	of Bushman
Bushman	A woodsman; a settler in the bush.
Bushman	One of a race of South African nomads, living principally in the deserts, and not classified as allied in race or language to any other people.
Bushment	A thicket; a cluster of bushes.
Bushment	An ambuscade.
Bushranger	One who roams, or hides, among the bushes; especially, in Australia, an escaped criminal living in the bush.
Bushwhacker	One accustomed to beat about, or travel through, bushes.
Bushwhacker	A guerrilla; a marauding assassin; one who pretends to be a peaceful citizen, but secretly harasses a hostile force or its sympathizers.
Bushwhacking	Traveling, or working a way, through bushes; pulling by the bushes, as in hauling a boat along the bushy margin of a stream.
Bushwhacking	The crimes or warfare of bushwhackers.
Bushy	Thick and spreading, like a bush.
Bushy	Full of bushes; overgrowing with shrubs.
Busily	In a busy manner.
Businesses	of Business
Business	That which busies one, or that which engages the time, attention, or labor of any one, as his principal concern or interest, whether for a longer or shorter time; constant employment; regular occupation; as, the business of life; business before pleasure.
Business	Any particular occupation or employment engaged in for livelihood or gain, as agriculture, trade, art, or a profession.
Business	Financial dealings; buying and selling; traffic in general; mercantile transactions.
Business	That which one has to do or should do; special service, duty, or mission.
Business	Affair; concern; matter; -- used in an indefinite sense, and modified by the connected words.
Business	The position, distribution, and order of persons and properties on the stage of a theater, as determined by the stage manager in rehearsal.
Business	Care; anxiety; diligence.
Businesslike	In the manner of one transacting business wisely and by right methods.
Busk	A thin, elastic strip of metal, whalebone, wood, or other material, worn in the front of a corset.
Busked	of Busk
Busk	To prepare; to make ready; to array; to dress.
Busk	To go; to direct one's course.
Busked	Wearing a busk.
Busket	A small bush; also, a sprig or bouquet.
Busket	A part of a garden devoted to shrubs.
Buskin	A strong, protecting covering for the foot, coming some distance up the leg.
Buskin	A similar covering for the foot and leg, made with very thick soles, to give an appearance of elevation to the stature; -- worn by tragic actors in ancient Greece and Rome. Used as a symbol of tragedy, or the tragic drama, as distinguished from comedy.
Buskined	Wearing buskins.
Buskined	Trodden by buskins; pertaining to tragedy.
Busky	See Bosky, and 1st Bush, n.
Buss	A kiss; a rude or playful kiss; a smack.
Bussed	of Buss
Bussing	of Buss
Buss	To kiss; esp. to kiss with a smack, or rudely.
Buss	A small strong vessel with two masts and two cabins; -- used in the herring fishery.
Bust	A piece of sculpture representing the upper part of the human figure, including the head, shoulders, and breast.
Bust	The portion of the human figure included between the head and waist, whether in statuary or in the person; the chest or thorax; the upper part of the trunk of the body.
Bustard	A bird of the genus Otis.
Buster	Something huge; a roistering blade; also, a spree.
Bustled	of Bustle
Bustling	of Bustle
Bustle	To move noisily; to be rudely active; to move in a way to cause agitation or disturbance; as, to bustle through a crowd.
Bustle	Great stir; agitation; tumult from stirring or excitement.
Bustle	A kind of pad or cushion worn on the back below the waist, by women, to give fullness to the skirts; -- called also bishop, and tournure.
Bustler	An active, stirring person.
Bustling	Agitated; noisy; tumultuous; characterized by confused activity; as, a bustling crowd.
Bustoes	of Busto
Busto	A bust; a statue.
Busy	Engaged in some business; hard at work (either habitually or only for the time being); occupied with serious affairs; not idle nor at leisure; as, a busy merchant.
Busy	Constantly at work; diligent; active.
Busy	Crowded with business or activities; -- said of places and times; as, a busy street.
Busy	Officious; meddling; foolish active.
Busy	Careful; anxious.
Busied	of Busy
Busying	of Busy
Busy	To make or keep busy; to employ; to engage or keep engaged; to occupy; as, to busy one's self with books.
Busybodies	of Busybody
Busybody	One who officiously concerns himself with the affairs of others; a meddling person.
But	Except with; unless with; without.
But	Except; besides; save.
But	Excepting or excluding the fact that; save that; were it not that; unless; -- elliptical, for but that.
But	Otherwise than that; that not; -- commonly, after a negative, with that.
But	Only; solely; merely.
But	On the contrary; on the other hand; only; yet; still; however; nevertheless; more; further; -- as connective of sentences or clauses of a sentence, in a sense more or less exceptive or adversative; as, the House of Representatives passed the bill, but the Senate dissented; our wants are many, but quite of another kind.
But	The outer apartment or kitchen of a two-roomed house; -- opposed to ben, the inner room.
But	A limit; a boundary.
But	The end; esp. the larger or thicker end, or the blunt, in distinction from the sharp, end. See 1st Butt.
Butted	of But
Butting	of But
But	See Butt, v., and Abut, v.
Butane	An inflammable gaseous hydrocarbon, C4H10, of the marsh gas, or paraffin, series.
Butcher	One who slaughters animals, or dresses their flesh for market; one whose occupation it is to kill animals for food.
Butcher	A slaughterer; one who kills in large numbers, or with unusual cruelty; one who causes needless loss of life, as in battle.
Butchered	of Butcher
Butchering	of Butcher
Butcher	To kill or slaughter (animals) for food, or for market; as, to butcher hogs.
Butcher	To murder, or kill, especially in an unusually bloody or barbarous manner.
Butchering	The business of a butcher.
Butchering	The act of slaughtering; the act of killing cruelly and needlessly.
Butcherliness	Butchery quality.
Butcherly	Like a butcher; without compunction; savage; bloody; inhuman; fell.
Butcher's broom	A genus of plants (Ruscus); esp. R. aculeatus, which has large red berries and leaflike branches. See Cladophyll.
Butchery	The business of a butcher.
Butchery	Murder or manslaughter, esp. when committed with unusual barbarity; great or cruel slaughter.
Butchery	A slaughterhouse; the shambles; a place where blood is shed.
Butler	An officer in a king's or a nobleman's household, whose principal business it is to take charge of the liquors, plate, etc.; the head servant in a large house.
Butlerage	A duty of two shillings on every tun of wine imported into England by merchant strangers; -- so called because paid to the king's butler for the king.
Butlership	The office of a butler.
Butment	A buttress of an arch; the supporter, or that part which joins it to the upright pier.
Butment	The mass of stone or solid work at the end of a bridge, by which the extreme arches are sustained, or by which the end of a bridge without arches is supported.
Butt	Alt. of But
But	A limit; a bound; a goal; the extreme bound; the end.
But	The thicker end of anything. See But.
But	A mark to be shot at; a target.
But	A person at whom ridicule, jest, or contempt is directed; as, the butt of the company.
But	A push, thrust, or sudden blow, given by the head of an animal; as, the butt of a ram.
But	A thrust in fencing.
But	A piece of land left unplowed at the end of a field.
But	A joint where the ends of two objects come squarely together without scarfing or chamfering; -- also called butt joint.
But	The end of a connecting rod or other like piece, to which the boxing is attached by the strap, cotter, and gib.
But	The portion of a half-coupling fastened to the end of a hose.
But	The joint where two planks in a strake meet.
But	A kind of hinge used in hanging doors, etc.; -- so named because fastened on the edge of the door, which butts against the casing, instead of on its face, like the strap hinge; also called butt hinge.
But	The thickest and stoutest part of tanned oxhides, used for soles of boots, harness, trunks.
But	The hut or shelter of the person who attends to the targets in rifle practice.
Butted	of Butt
Butting	of Butt
Butt	To join at the butt, end, or outward extremity; to terminate; to be bounded; to abut.
Butt	To thrust the head forward; to strike by thrusting the head forward, as an ox or a ram. [See Butt, n.]
Butt	To strike by thrusting the head against; to strike with the head.
Butt	A large cask or vessel for wine or beer. It contains two hogsheads.
Butt	The common English flounder.
Butte	A detached low mountain, or high rising abruptly from the general level of the surrounding plain; -- applied to peculiar elevations in the Rocky Mountain region.
Butter	An oily, unctuous substance obtained from cream or milk by churning.
Butter	Any substance resembling butter in degree of consistence, or other qualities, especially, in old chemistry, the chlorides, as butter of antimony, sesquichloride of antimony; also, certain concrete fat oils remaining nearly solid at ordinary temperatures, as butter of cacao, vegetable butter, shea butter.
Buttered	of Butter
Buttering	of Butter
Butter	To cover or spread with butter.
Butter	To increase, as stakes, at every throw or every game.
Butter	One who, or that which, butts.
Butterball	The buffel duck.
Butterbird	The rice bunting or bobolink; -- so called in the island of Jamaica.
Butterbump	The European bittern.
Butterbur	A broad-leaved plant (Petasites vulgaris) of the Composite family, said to have been used in England for wrapping up pats of butter.
Buttercup	A plant of the genus Ranunculus, or crowfoot, particularly R. bulbosus, with bright yellow flowers; -- called also butterflower, golden cup, and kingcup. It is the cuckoobud of Shakespeare.
Butter-fingered	Apt to let things fall, or to let them slip away; slippery; careless.
Butterfish	A name given to several different fishes, in allusion to their slippery coating of mucus, as the Stromateus triacanthus of the Atlantic coast, the Epinephelus punctatus of the southern coast, the rock eel, and the kelpfish of New Zealand.
Butterflies	of Butterfly
Butterfly	A general name for the numerous species of diurnal Lepidoptera.
Butterine	A substance prepared from animal fat with some other ingredients intermixed, as an imitation of butter.
Butteris	A steel cutting instrument, with a long bent shank set in a handle which rests against the shoulder of the operator. It is operated by a thrust movement, and used in paring the hoofs of horses.
Buttermen	of Butterman
Butterman	A man who makes or sells butter.
Buttermilk	The milk that remains after the butter is separated from the cream.
Butternut	An American tree (Juglans cinerea) of the Walnut family, and its edible fruit; -- so called from the oil contained in the latter. Sometimes called oil nut and white walnut.
Butternut	The nut of the Caryocar butyrosum and C. nuciferum, of S. America; -- called also Souari nut.
Butter-scotch	A kind of candy, mainly composed of sugar and butter.
Butterweed	An annual composite plant of the Mississippi valley (Senecio lobatus).
Butterweight	Over weight.
Butterwort	A genus of low herbs (Pinguicula) having simple leaves which secrete from their glandular upper surface a viscid fluid, to which insects adhere, after which the margin infolds and the insects are digested by the plant. The species are found mostly in the North Temperate zone.
Buttery	Having the qualities, consistence, or appearance, of butter.
Butteries	of Buttery
Buttery	An apartment in a house where butter, milk and other provisions are kept.
Buttery	A room in some English colleges where liquors, fruit, and refreshments are kept for sale to the students.
Buttery	A cellar in which butts of wine are kept.
Butt hinge	See 1st Butt, 10.
But-thorn	The common European starfish (Asterias rubens).
Butting	An abuttal; a boundary.
Butting joint	A joint between two pieces of timber or wood, at the end of one or both, and either at right angles or oblique to the grain, as the joints which the struts and braces form with the truss posts; -- sometimes called abutting joint.
Butt joint	A joint in which the edges or ends of the pieces united come squarely together instead of overlapping. See 1st Butt, 8.
Buttock	The part at the back of the hip, which, in man, forms one of the rounded protuberances on which he sits; the rump.
Buttock	The convexity of a ship behind, under the stern.
Button	A knob; a small ball; a small, roundish mass.
Button	A catch, of various forms and materials, used to fasten together the different parts of dress, by being attached to one part, and passing through a slit, called a buttonhole, in the other; -- used also for ornament.
Button	A bud; a germ of a plant.
Button	A piece of wood or metal, usually flat and elongated, turning on a nail or screw, to fasten something, as a door.
Button	A globule of metal remaining on an assay cupel or in a crucible, after fusion.
Buttoned	of Button
Buttoning	of Button
Button	To fasten with a button or buttons; to inclose or make secure with buttons; -- often followed by up.
Button	To dress or clothe.
Button	To be fastened by a button or buttons; as, the coat will not button.
Buttonball	See Buttonwood.
Buttonbush	A shrub (Cephalanthus occidentalis) growing by the waterside; -- so called from its globular head of flowers. See Capitulum.
Buttonhole	The hole or loop in which a button is caught.
Buttonhole	To hold at the button or buttonhole; to detain in conversation to weariness; to bore; as, he buttonholed me a quarter of an hour.
Buttonmold	A disk of bone, wood, or other material, which is made into a button by covering it with cloth.
Buttons	A boy servant, or page, -- in allusion to the buttons on his livery.
Buttonweed	The name of several plants of the genera Spermacoce and Diodia, of the Madder family.
Buttonwood	The Platanus occidentalis, or American plane tree, a large tree, producing rough balls, from which it is named; -- called also buttonball tree, and, in some parts of the United States, sycamore. The California buttonwood is P. racemosa.
Buttony	Ornamented with a large number of buttons.
Buttress	A projecting mass of masonry, used for resisting the thrust of an arch, or for ornament and symmetry.
Buttress	Anything which supports or strengthens.
Buttressed	of Buttress
Buttressing	of Buttress
Buttress	To support with a buttress; to prop; to brace firmly.
Butt shaft	An arrow without a barb, for shooting at butts; an arrow.
Butt weld	See Butt weld, under Butt.
Buttweld	To unite by a butt weld.
Butty	One who mines by contract, at so much per ton of coal or ore.
Butyl	A compound radical, regarded as butane, less one atom of hydrogen.
Butylene	Any one of three metameric hydrocarbons, C4H8, of the ethylene series. They are gaseous or easily liquefiable.
Butyraceous	Having the qualities of butter; resembling butter.
Butyrate	A salt of butyric acid.
Butyric	Pertaining to, or derived from, butter.
Butyrin	A butyrate of glycerin; a fat contained in small quantity in milk, which helps to give to butter its peculiar flavor.
Butyrometer	An instrument for determining the amount of fatty matter or butter contained in a sample of milk.
Butyrone	A liquid ketone obtained by heating calcium butyrate.
Butyrous	Butyraceous.
Buxeous	Belonging to the box tree.
Buxine	An alkaloid obtained from the Buxus sempervirens, or common box tree. It is identical with bebeerine; -- called also buxina.
Buxom	Yielding; pliable or compliant; ready to obey; obedient; tractable; docile; meek; humble.
Buxom	Having the characteristics of health, vigor, and comeliness, combined with a gay, lively manner; stout and rosy; jolly; frolicsome.
Bought	of Buy
Buying	of Buy
Buy	To acquire the ownership of (property) by giving an accepted price or consideration therefor, or by agreeing to do so; to acquire by the payment of a price or value; to purchase; -- opposed to sell.
Buy	To acquire or procure by something given or done in exchange, literally or figuratively; to get, at a cost or sacrifice; to buy pleasure with pain.
Buy	To negotiate or treat about a purchase.
Buyer	One who buys; a purchaser.
Buz	See Buzz.
Buzzed	of Buzz
Buzzing	of Buzz
Buzz	To make a low, continuous, humming or sibilant sound, like that made by bees with their wings. Hence: To utter a murmuring sound; to speak with a low, humming voice.
Buzz	To sound forth by buzzing.
Buzz	To whisper; to communicate, as tales, in an under tone; to spread, as report, by whispers, or secretly.
Buzz	To talk to incessantly or confidentially in a low humming voice.
Buzz	To sound with a "buzz".
Buzz	A continuous, humming noise, as of bees; a confused murmur, as of general conversation in low tones, or of a general expression of surprise or approbation.
Buzz	A whisper; a report spread secretly or cautiously.
Buzz	The audible friction of voice consonants.
Buzzard	A bird of prey of the Hawk family, belonging to the genus Buteo and related genera.
Buzzard	A blockhead; a dunce.
Buzzard	Senseless; stupid.
Buzzardet	A hawk resembling the buzzard, but with legs relatively longer.
Buzzer	One who, or that which, buzzes; a whisperer; a talebearer.
Buzzingly	In a buzzing manner; with a buzzing sound.
Buzzsaw	A circular saw; -- so called from the buzzing it makes when running at full speed.
By	In the neighborhood of; near or next to; not far from; close to; along with; as, come and sit by me.
By	On; along; in traversing. Compare 5.
By	Near to, while passing; hence, from one to the other side of; past; as, to go by a church.
By	Used in specifying adjacent dimensions; as, a cabin twenty feet by forty.
By	Against.
By	With, as means, way, process, etc.; through means of; with aid of; through; through the act or agency of; as, a city is destroyed by fire; profit is made by commerce; to take by force.
By	Near; in the neighborhood; present; as, there was no person by at the time.
By	Passing near; going past; past; beyond; as, the procession has gone by; a bird flew by.
By	Aside; as, to lay by; to put by.
By	Out of the common path; aside; -- used in composition, giving the meaning of something aside, secondary, or incidental, or collateral matter, a thing private or avoiding notice; as, by-line, by-place, by-play, by-street. It was formerly more freely used in composition than it is now; as, by-business, by-concernment, by-design, by-interest, etc.
Byard	A piece of leather crossing the breast, used by the men who drag sledges in coal mines.
By-bidder	One who bids at an auction in behalf of the auctioneer or owner, for the purpose of running up the price of articles.
By-blow	A side or incidental blow; an accidental blow.
By-blow	An illegitimate child; a bastard.
By-corner	A private corner.
By-dependence	An appendage; that which depends on something else, or is distinct from the main dependence; an accessory.
By-drinking	A drinking between meals.
Bye	A thing not directly aimed at; something which is a secondary object of regard; an object by the way, etc.; as in on or upon the bye, i. e., in passing; indirectly; by implication.
Bye	A run made upon a missed ball; as, to steal a bye.
Bye	A dwelling.
Bye	In certain games, a station or place of an individual player.
By-election	An election held by itself, not at the time of a general election.
By-end	Private end or interest; secret purpose; selfish advantage.
Bygone	Past; gone by.
Bygone	Something gone by or past; a past event.
By-interest	Self-interest; private advantage.
Byland	A peninsula.
Bylander	See Bilander.
By-lane	A private lane, or one opening out of the usual road.
By-law	A local or subordinate law; a private law or regulation made by a corporation for its own government.
By-law	A law that is less important than a general law or constitutional provision, and subsidiary to it; a rule relating to a matter of detail; as, civic societies often adopt a constitution and by-laws for the government of their members. In this sense the word has probably been influenced by by, meaning secondary or aside.
By-name	A nickname.
Byname	To give a nickname to.
By-pass	A by-passage, for a pipe, or other channel, to divert circulation from the usual course.
By-passage	A passage different from the usual one; a byway.
By-past	Past; gone by.
Bypaths	of Bypath
Bypath	A private path; an obscure way; indirect means.
By-place	A retired or private place.
Byplay	Action carried on aside, and commonly in dumb show, while the main action proceeds.
By-product	A secondary or additional product; something produced, as in the course of a manufacture, in addition to the principal product.
Byre	A cow house.
By-respect	Private end or view; by-interest.
Byroad	A private or obscure road.
Byronic	Pertaining to, or in the style of, Lord Byron.
By-room	A private room or apartment.
Bysmottered	Bespotted with mud or dirt.
By-speech	An incidental or casual speech, not directly relating to the point.
By-spell	A proverb.
Byss	See Byssus, n., 1.
Byssaceous	Byssuslike; consisting of fine fibers or threads, as some very delicate filamentous algae.
Byssiferous	Bearing a byssus or tuft.
Byssin	See Byssus, n., 1.
Byssine	Made of silk; having a silky or flaxlike appearance.
Byssoid	Byssaceous.
Byssolite	An olive-green fibrous variety of hornblende.
Byssuses	of Byssus
Byssi	of Byssus
Byssus	A cloth of exceedingly fine texture, used by the ancients. It is disputed whether it was of cotton, linen, or silk.
Byssus	A tuft of long, tough filaments which are formed in a groove of the foot, and issue from between the valves of certain bivalve mollusks, as the Pinna and Mytilus, by which they attach themselves to rocks, etc.
Byssus	An obsolete name for certain fungi composed of slender threads.
Byssus	Asbestus.
Bystander	One who stands near; a spectator; one who has no concern with the business transacting.
By-street	A separate, private, or obscure street; an out of the way or cross street.
By-stroke	An accidental or a slyly given stroke.
By-turning	An obscure road; a way turning from the main road.
By-view	A private or selfish view; self-interested aim or purpose.
By-walk	A secluded or private walk.
By-wash	The outlet from a dam or reservoir; also, a cut to divert the flow of water.
Byway	A secluded, private, or obscure way; a path or road aside from the main one.
By-wipe	A secret or side stroke, as of raillery or sarcasm.
Byword	A common saying; a proverb; a saying that has a general currency.
Byword	The object of a contemptuous saying.
Bywork	Work aside from regular work; subordinate or secondary business.
Byzant	Alt. of Byzantine
Byzantine	A gold coin, so called from being coined at Byzantium. See Bezant.
Byzantian	See Byzantine.
Byzantine	Of or pertaining to Byzantium.
Byzantine	A native or inhabitant of Byzantium, now Constantinople; sometimes, applied to an inhabitant of the modern city of Constantinople.
