C	C is the third letter of the English alphabet. It is from the Latin letter C, which in old Latin represented the sounds of k, and g (in go); its original value being the latter. In Anglo-Saxon words, or Old English before the Norman Conquest, it always has the sound of k. The Latin C was the same letter as the Greek /, /, and came from the Greek alphabet. The Greeks got it from the Ph/nicians. The English name of C is from the Latin name ce, and was derived, probably, through the French. Etymologically C is related to g, h, k, q, s (and other sibilant sounds). Examples of these relations are in L. acutus, E. acute, ague; E. acrid, eager, vinegar; L. cornu, E. horn; E. cat, kitten; E. coy, quiet; L. circare, OF. cerchier, E. search.
C	The keynote of the normal or "natural" scale, which has neither flats nor sharps in its signature; also, the third note of the relative minor scale of the same.
C	C after the clef is the mark of common time, in which each measure is a semibreve (four fourths or crotchets); for alla breve time it is written /.
C	The "C clef," a modification of the letter C, placed on any line of the staff, shows that line to be middle C.
C	As a numeral, C stands for Latin centum or 100, CC for 200, etc.
Caaba	The small and nearly cubical stone building, toward which all Mohammedans must pray.
Caas	Case.
Cab	A kind of close carriage with two or four wheels, usually a public vehicle.
Cab	The covered part of a locomotive, in which the engineer has his station.
Cab	A Hebrew dry measure, containing a little over two (2.37) pints.
Cabal	Tradition; occult doctrine. See Cabala
Cabal	A secret.
Cabal	A number of persons united in some close design, usually to promote their private views and interests in church or state by intrigue; a secret association composed of a few designing persons; a junto.
Cabal	The secret artifices or machinations of a few persons united in a close design; intrigue.
Caballed	of Cabal
Caballing	of Cabal
Cabal	To unite in a small party to promote private views and interests by intrigue; to intrigue; to plot.
Cabala	A kind of occult theosophy or traditional interpretation of the Scriptures among Jewish rabbis and certain mediaeval Christians, which treats of the nature of god and the mystery of human existence. It assumes that every letter, word, number, and accent of Scripture contains a hidden sense; and it teaches the methods of interpretation for ascertaining these occult meanings. The cabalists pretend even to foretell events by this means.
Cabala	Secret science in general; mystic art; mystery.
Cabalism	The secret science of the cabalists.
Cabalism	A superstitious devotion to the mysteries of the religion which one professes.
Cabalist	One versed in the cabala, or the mysteries of Jewish traditions.
Cabalistic	Alt. of Cabalistical
Cabalistical	Of or pertaining to the cabala; containing or conveying an occult meaning; mystic.
Cabalistically	In a cabalistic manner.
Cabalize	To use cabalistic language.
Caballer	One who cabals.
Caballine	Of or pertaining to a horse.
Caballine	Caballine aloes.
Cabaret	A tavern; a house where liquors are retailed.
Cabaret	a type of restaurant where liquor and dinner is served, and entertainment is provided, as by musicians, dancers, or comedians, and providing space for dancing by the patrons; -- similar to a nightclub.  The term cabaret is often used in the names of such an establishment.
Cabaret	the type of entertainment provided in a cabaret{2}.
Cabas	A flat basket or frail for figs, etc.; hence, a lady's flat workbasket, reticule, or hand bag; -- often written caba.
Cabassou	A species of armadillo of the genus Xenurus (X. unicinctus and X. hispidus); the tatouay.
Cabbage	An esculent vegetable of many varieties, derived from the wild Brassica oleracea of Europe. The common cabbage has a compact head of leaves. The cauliflower, Brussels sprouts, etc., are sometimes classed as cabbages.
Cabbage	The terminal bud of certain palm trees, used, like, cabbage, for food. See Cabbage tree, below.
Cabbage	The cabbage palmetto. See below.
Cabbage	To form a head like that the cabbage; as, to make lettuce cabbage.
Cabbaged	of Cabbage
Cabbaging	of Cabbage
Cabbage	To purloin or embezzle, as the pieces of cloth remaining after cutting out a garment; to pilfer.
Cabbage	Cloth or clippings cabbaged or purloined by one who cuts out garments.
Cabbler	One who works at cabbling.
Cabbling	The process of breaking up the flat masses into which wrought iron is first hammered, in order that the pieces may be reheated and wrought into bar iron.
Cabeca	Alt. of Cabesse
Cabesse	The finest kind of silk received from India.
Caber	A pole or beam used in Scottish games for tossing as a trial of strength.
Cabezon	A California fish (Hemilepidotus spinosus), allied to the sculpin.
Cabiai	The capybara. See Capybara.
Cabin	A cottage or small house; a hut.
Cabin	A small room; an inclosed place.
Cabin	A room in ship for officers or passengers.
Cabined	of Cabin
Cabining	of Cabin
Cabin	To live in, or as in, a cabin; to lodge.
Cabin	To confine in, or as in, a cabin.
Cabinet	A hut; a cottage; a small house.
Cabinet	A small room, or retired apartment; a closet.
Cabinet	A private room in which consultations are held.
Cabinet	The advisory council of the chief executive officer of a nation; a cabinet council.
Cabinet	A set of drawers or a cupboard intended to contain articles of value. Hence:
Cabinet	A decorative piece of furniture, whether open like an etagere or closed with doors. See Etagere.
Cabinet	Any building or room set apart for the safe keeping and exhibition of works of art, etc.; also, the collection itself.
Cabinet	Suitable for a cabinet; small.
Cabineting	of Cabinet
Cabinet	To inclose
Cabinetmaker	One whose occupation is to make cabinets or other choice articles of household furniture, as tables, bedsteads, bureaus, etc.
Cabinetmaking	The art or occupation of making the finer articles of household furniture.
Cabinetwork	The art or occupation of working upon wooden furniture requiring nice workmanship; also, such furniture.
Cabirean	One of the Cabiri.
Cabbiri	Certain deities originally worshiped with mystical rites by the Pelasgians in Lemnos and Samothrace and afterwards throughout Greece; -- also called sons of Hephaestus (or Vulcan), as being masters of the art of working metals.
Cabirian	Same as Cabiric.
Cabiric	Of or pertaining to the Cabiri, or to their mystical worship.
Cable	A large, strong rope or chain, of considerable length, used to retain a vessel at anchor, and for other purposes. It is made of hemp, of steel wire, or of iron links.
Cable	A rope of steel wire, or copper wire, usually covered with some protecting or insulating substance; as, the cable of a suspension bridge; a telegraphic cable.
Cable	A molding, shaft of a column, or any other member of convex, rounded section, made to resemble the spiral twist of a rope; -- called also cable molding.
Cable	To fasten with a cable.
Cable	To ornament with cabling.  See Cabling.
Cabled	of Cable
Cabling	of Cable
Cable	To telegraph by a submarine cable
Cabled	Fastened with, or attached to, a cable or rope.
Cabled	Adorned with cabling.
Cablegram	A message sent by a submarine telegraphic cable.
Cablelaid	Composed of three three-stranded ropes, or hawsers, twisted together to form a cable.
Cablelaid	Twisted after the manner of a cable; as, a cable-laid gold chain.
Cablet	A little cable less than ten inches in circumference.
Cabling	The decoration of a fluted shaft of a column or of a pilaster with reeds, or rounded moldings, which seem to be laid in the hollows of the fluting. These are limited in length to about one third of the height of the shaft.
Cabmen	of Cabman
Cabman	The driver of a cab.
Cabob	A small piece of mutton or other meat roasted on a skewer; -- so called in Turkey and Persia.
Cabob	A leg of mutton roasted, stuffed with white herrings and sweet herbs.
Cabob	To roast, as a cabob.
Caboched	Showing the full face, but nothing of the neck; -- said of the head of a beast in armorial bearing.
Caboodle	The whole collection; the entire quantity or number; -- usually in the phrase the whole caboodle.
Caboose	A house on deck, where the cooking is done; -- commonly called the galley.
Caboose	A car used on freight or construction trains for brakemen, workmen, etc.; a tool car.
Cabotage	Navigation along the coast; the details of coast pilotage.
Cabree	The pronghorn antelope.
Cabrerite	An apple-green mineral, a hydrous arseniate of nickel, cobalt, and magnesia; -- so named from the Sierra Cabrera, Spain.
Cabrilla	A name applied to various species of edible fishes of the genus Serranus, and related genera, inhabiting the Meditarranean, the coast of California, etc.  In California, some of them are also called rock bass and kelp salmon.
Cabriole	A curvet; a leap. See Capriole.
Cabriolet	A one-horse carriage with two seats and a calash top.
Cabrit	Same as Cabree.
Caburn	A small line made of spun yarn, to bind or worm cables, seize tackles, etc.
Cacaemia	Alt. of Cachaemia
Cachaemia	A degenerated or poisoned condition of the blood.
Cacaine	The essential principle of cacao; -- now called theobromine.
Cacajao	A South American short-tailed monkey (Pithecia (/ Brachyurus) melanocephala).
Cacao	A small evergreen tree (Theobroma Cacao) of South America and the West Indies. Its fruit contains an edible pulp, inclosing seeds about the size of an almond, from which cocoa, chocolate, and broma are prepared.
Cachalot	The sperm whale (Physeter macrocephalus).  It has in the top of its head a large cavity, containing an oily fluid, which, after death, concretes into a whitish crystalline substance called spermaceti. See Sperm whale.
Cache	A hole in the ground, or hiding place, for concealing and preserving provisions which it is inconvenient to carry.
Cachectic	Alt. of Cachectical
Cachectical	Having, or pertaining to, cachexia; as, cachectic remedies; cachectical blood.
Cachepot	An ornamental casing for a flowerpot, of porcelain, metal, paper, etc.
Cachet	A seal, as of a letter.
Cachexia	Alt. of Cachexy
Cachexy	A condition of ill health and impairment of nutrition due to impoverishment of the blood, esp. when caused by a specific morbid process (as cancer or tubercle).
Cachinnation	Loud or immoderate laughter; -- often a symptom of hysterical or maniacal affections.
Cachinnatory	Consisting of, or accompanied by, immoderate laughter.
Cachiri	A fermented liquor made in Cayenne from the grated root of the manioc, and resembling perry.
Cacholong	An opaque or milk-white chalcedony, a variety of quartz; also, a similar variety of opal.
Cachou	A silvered aromatic pill, used to correct the odor of the breath.
Cachucha	An Andalusian dance in three-four time, resembling the bolero.
Cachunde	A pastil or troche, composed of various aromatic and other ingredients, highly celebrated in India as an antidote, and as a stomachic and antispasmodic.
Cacique	See Cazique.
Cack	To ease the body by stool; to go to stool.
Cackerel	The mendole; a small worthless Mediterranean fish considered poisonous by the ancients. See Mendole.
Cackled	of Cackle
Cackling	of Cackle
Cackle	To make a sharp, broken noise or cry, as a hen or goose does.
Cackle	To laugh with a broken noise, like the cackling of a hen or a goose; to giggle.
Cackle	To talk in a silly manner; to prattle.
Cackle	The sharp broken noise made by a goose or by a hen that has laid an egg.
Cackle	Idle talk; silly prattle.
Cackler	A fowl that cackles.
Cackler	One who prattles, or tells tales; a tattler.
Cackling	The broken noise of a goose or a hen.
Cacochymia	Alt. of Cacochymy
Cacochymy	A vitiated state of the humors, or fluids, of the body, especially of the blood.
Cacochymic	Alt. of Cacochymical
Cacochymical	Having the fluids of the body vitiated, especially the blood.
Cacodemon	An evil spirit; a devil or demon.
Cacodemon	The nightmare.
Cacodoxical	Heretical.
Cacodoxy	Erroneous doctrine; heresy; heterodoxy.
Cacodyl	Alkarsin; a colorless, poisonous, arsenical liquid, As2(CH3)4, spontaneously inflammable and possessing an intensely disagreeable odor. It is the type of a series of compounds analogous to the nitrogen compounds called hydrazines.
Cacodylic	Of, pertaining to, or derived from, cacodyl.
Cacoethes	A bad custom or habit; an insatiable desire; as, cacoethes scribendi, "The itch for writing".
Cacoethes	A bad quality or disposition in a disease; an incurable ulcer.
Cacogastric	Troubled with bad digestion.
Cacographic	Pertaining to, or characterized by, cacography; badly written or spelled.
Cacography	Incorrect or bad writing or spelling.
Cacolet	A chair, litter, or other contrivance fitted to the back or pack saddle of a mule for carrying travelers in mountainous districts, or for the transportation of the sick and wounded of an army.
Cacology	Bad speaking; bad choice or use of words.
Cacomixle	Alt. of Cacomixl
Cacomixtle	Alt. of Cacomixl
Cacomixl	A North American carnivore (Bassaris astuta), about the size of a cat, related to the raccoons. It inhabits Mexico, Texas, and California.
Cacoon	One of the seeds or large beans of a tropical vine (Entada scandens) used for making purses, scent bottles, etc.
Cacophonic	Alt. of Cacophonious
Cacophonical	Alt. of Cacophonious
Cacophonous	Alt. of Cacophonious
Cacophonious	Harsh-sounding.
Cacophonies	of Cacophony
Cacophony	An uncouth or disagreable sound of words, owing to the concurrence of harsh letters or syllables.
Cacophony	A combination of discordant sounds.
Cacophony	An unhealthy state of the voice.
Cacotechny	A corruption or corrupt state of art.
Cacoxene	Alt. of Cacoxenite
Cacoxenite	A hydrous phosphate of iron occurring in yellow radiated tufts. The phosphorus seriously injures it as an iron ore.
Cactaceous	Belonging to, or like, the family of plants of which the prickly pear is a common example.
Cactuses	of Cactus
Cacti	of Cactus
Cactus	Any plant of the order Cactacae, as the prickly pear and the night-blooming cereus. See Cereus. They usually have leafless stems and branches, often beset with clustered thorns, and are mostly natives of the warmer parts of America.
Cacuminal	Pertaining to the top of the palate; cerebral; -- applied to certain consonants; as, cacuminal (or cerebral) letters.
Cacuminate	To make sharp or pointed.
Cad	A person who stands at the door of an omnibus to open and shut it, and to receive fares; an idle hanger-on about innyards.
Cad	A lowbred, presuming person; a mean, vulgar fellow.
Cadastral	Of or pertaining to landed property.
Cadastre	Alt. of Cadaster
Cadaster	An official statement of the quantity and value of real estate for the purpose of apportioning the taxes payable on such property.
Cadaver	A dead human body; a corpse.
Cadaveric	Of, pertaining to, or resembling, a corpse, or the changes produced by death; cadaverous; as, cadaveric rigidity.
Cadaverous	Having the appearance or color of a dead human body; pale; ghastly; as, a cadaverous look.
Cadaverous	Of or pertaining to, or having the qualities of, a dead body.
Cadbait	See Caddice.
Caddice	Alt. of Caddis
Caddis	The larva of a caddice fly. These larvae generally live in cylindrical cases, open at each end, and covered externally with pieces of broken shells, gravel, bits of wood, etc.  They are a favorite bait with anglers. Called also caddice worm, or caddis worm.
Caddis	A kind of worsted lace or ribbon.
Caddish	Like a cad; lowbred and presuming.
Caddow	A jackdaw.
Caddies	of Caddy
Caddy	A small box, can, or chest to keep tea in.
Cade	Bred by hand; domesticated; petted.
Cade	To bring up or nourish by hand, or with tenderness; to coddle; to tame.
Cade	A barrel or cask, as of fish.
Cade	A species of juniper (Juniperus Oxycedrus) of Mediterranean countries.
Cadence	The act or state of declining or sinking.
Cadence	A fall of the voice in reading or speaking, especially at the end of a sentence.
Cadence	A rhythmical modulation of the voice or of any sound; as, music of bells in cadence sweet.
Cadence	Rhythmical flow of language, in prose or verse.
Cadence	See Cadency.
Cadence	Harmony and proportion in motions, as of a well-managed horse.
Cadence	A uniform time and place in marching.
Cadence	The close or fall of a strain; the point of rest, commonly reached by the immediate succession of the tonic to the dominant chord.
Cadence	A cadenza, or closing embellishment; a pause before the end of a strain, which the performer may fill with a flight of fancy.
Cadence	To regulate by musical measure.
Cadency	Descent of related families; distinction between the members of a family according to their ages.
Cadene	A species of inferior carpet imported from the Levant.
Cadent	Falling.
Cadenza	A parenthetic flourish or flight of ornament in the course of a piece, commonly just before the final cadence.
Cader	See Cadre.
Cadet	The younger of two brothers; a younger brother or son; the youngest son.
Cadet	A gentleman who carries arms in a regiment, as a volunteer, with a view of acquiring military skill and obtaining a commission.
Cadet	A young man in training for military or naval service; esp. a pupil in a military or naval school, as at West Point, Annapolis, or Woolwich.
Cadetship	The position, rank, or commission of a cadet; as, to get a cadetship.
Cadew	Alt. of Cadeworm
Cadeworm	A caddice. See Caddice.
Cadged	of Cadge
Cadging	of Cadge
Cadge	To carry, as a burden.
Cadge	To hawk or peddle, as fish, poultry, etc.
Cadge	To intrude or live on another meanly; to beg.
Cadge	A circular frame on which cadgers carry hawks for sale.
Cadger	A packman or itinerant huckster.
Cadger	One who gets his living by trickery or begging.
Cadger	One who carries hawks on a cadge.
Cadgy	Cheerful or mirthful, as after good eating or drinking; also, wanton.
Cadi	An inferior magistrate or judge among the Mohammedans, usually the judge of a town or village.
Cadie	Alt. of Caddie
Caddie	A Scotch errand boy, porter, or messenger.
Cadilesker	A chief judge in the Turkish empire, so named originally because his jurisdiction extended to the cases of soldiers, who are now tried only by their own officers.
Cadillac	A large pear, shaped like a flattened top, used chiefly for cooking.
Cadis	A kind of coarse serge.
Cadmean	Of or pertaining to Cadmus, a fabulous prince of Thebes, who was said to have introduced into Greece the sixteen simple letters of the alphabet -- /, /, /, /, /, /, /, /, /, /, /, /, /, /, /, /. These are called Cadmean letters.
Cadmia	An oxide of zinc which collects on the sides of furnaces where zinc is sublimed. Formerly applied to the mineral calamine.
Cadmian	See Cadmean.
Cadmic	Pertaining to, derived from, or containing, cadmium; as, cadmic sulphide.
Cadmium	A comparatively rare element related to zinc, and occurring in some zinc ores. It is a white metal, both ductile and malleable. Symbol Cd. Atomic weight 111.8. It was discovered by Stromeyer in 1817, who named it from its association with zinc or zinc ore.
Cadrans	An instrument with a graduated disk by means of which the angles of gems are measured in the process of cutting and polishing.
Cadre	The framework or skeleton upon which a regiment is to be formed; the officers of a regiment forming the staff.
Caducary	Relating to escheat, forfeiture, or confiscation.
Caducean	Of or belonging to Mercury's caduceus, or wand.
Caduceus	The official staff or wand of Hermes or Mercury, the messenger of the gods. It was originally said to be a herald's staff of olive wood, but was afterwards fabled to have two serpents coiled about it, and two wings at the top.
Caducibranchiate	With temporary gills: -- applied to those Amphibia in which the gills do not remain in adult life.
Caducity	Tendency to fall; the feebleness of old age; senility.
Caducous	Dropping off or disappearing early, as the calyx of a poppy, or the gills of a tadpole.
Caduke	Perishable; frail; transitory.
Cady	See Cadie.
Caeca	See Caecum.
Caecal	Of or pertaining to the caecum, or blind gut.
Caecal	Having the form of a caecum, or bag with one opening; baglike; as, the caecal extremity of a duct.
Caecias	A wind from the northeast.
Caecilian	A limbless amphibian belonging to the order Caeciliae or Ophimorpha. See Ophiomorpha.
Caecums	of Caecum
Caeca	of Caecum
Caecum	A cavity open at one end, as the blind end of a canal or duct.
Caecum	The blind part of the large intestine beyond the entrance of the small intestine; -- called also the blind gut.
Caenozoic	See Cenozoic.
Caen stone	A cream-colored limestone for building, found near Caen, France.
Caesar	A Roman emperor, as being the successor of Augustus Caesar. Hence, a kaiser, or emperor of Germany, or any emperor or powerful ruler. See Kaiser, Kesar.
Caesarean	Alt. of Caesarian
Caesarian	Of or pertaining to Caesar or the Caesars; imperial.
Caesarism	A system of government in which unrestricted power is exercised by a single person, to whom, as Caesar or emperor, it has been committed by the popular will; imperialism; also, advocacy or support of such a system of government.
Caesious	Of the color of lavender; pale blue with a slight mixture of gray.
Caesium	A rare alkaline metal found in mineral water; -- so called from the two characteristic blue lines in its spectrum. It was the first element discovered by spectrum analysis, and is the most strongly basic and electro-positive substance known. Symbol Cs. Atomic weight 132.6.
Caespitose	Same as Cespitose.
Caesuras	of Caesura
Caesurae	of Caesura
Caesura	A metrical break in a verse, occurring in the middle of a foot and commonly near the middle of the verse; a sense pause in the middle of a foot. Also, a long syllable on which the caesural accent rests, or which is used as a foot.
Caesural	Of or pertaining to a caesura.
Cafe	A coffeehouse; a restaurant; also, a room in a hotel or restaurant where coffee and liquors are served.
Cafenet	Alt. of Cafeneh
Cafeneh	A humble inn or house of rest for travelers, where coffee is sold.
Caffeic	Pertaining to, or obtained from, coffee.
Caffeine	A white, bitter, crystallizable substance, obtained from coffee. It is identical with the alkaloid theine from tea leaves, and with guaranine from guarana.
Caffetannic	Pertaining to, or derived from, the tannin of coffee.
Caffila	See Cafila.
Caffre	See Kaffir.
Cafila	Alt. of Cafileh
Cafileh	A caravan of travelers; a military supply train or government caravan; a string of pack horses.
Caftan	A garment worn throughout the Levant, consisting of a long gown with sleeves reaching below the hands. It is generally fastened by a belt or sash.
Caftan	To clothe with a caftan.
Cag	See Keg.
Cage	A box or inclosure, wholly or partly of openwork, in wood or metal, used for confining birds or other animals.
Cage	A place of confinement for malefactors
Cage	An outer framework of timber, inclosing something within it; as, the cage of a staircase.
Cage	A skeleton frame to limit the motion of a loose piece, as a ball valve.
Cage	A wirework strainer, used in connection with pumps and pipes.
Cage	The box, bucket, or inclosed platform of a lift or elevator; a cagelike structure moving in a shaft.
Cage	The drum on which the rope is wound in a hoisting whim.
Cage	The catcher's wire mask.
Caged	of Cage
Caging	of Cage
Cage	To confine in, or as in, a cage; to shut up or confine.
Caged	Confined in, or as in, a cage; like a cage or prison.
Cageling	A bird confined in a cage; esp. a young bird.
Cagit	A kind of parrot, of a beautiful green color, found in the Philippine Islands.
Cagmag	A tough old goose; hence, coarse, bad food of any kind.
Cagot	One of a race inhabiting the valleys of the Pyrenees, who until 1793 were political and social outcasts (Christian Pariahs). They are supposed to be a remnant of the Visigoths.
Cahier	A number of sheets of paper put loosely together; esp. one of the successive portions of a work printed in numbers.
Cahier	A memorial of a body; a report of legislative proceedings, etc.
Cahincic	Pertaining to, or derived from, cahinca, the native name of a species of Brazilian Chiococca, perhaps C. racemosa; as, cahincic acid.
Cahoot	Partnership; as, to go in cahoot with a person.
Caimacam	The governor of a sanjak or district in Turkey.
Caiman	See Cayman.
Cainozoic	See Cenozic.
Caique	A light skiff or rowboat used on the Bosporus; also, a Levantine vessel of larger size.
Ca ira	The refrain of a famous song of the French Revolution.
Caird	A traveling tinker; also a tramp or sturdy beggar.
Cairn	A rounded or conical heap of stones erected by early inhabitants of the British Isles, apparently as a sepulchral monument.
Cairn	A pile of stones heaped up as a landmark, or to arrest attention, as in surveying, or in leaving traces of an exploring party, etc.
Cairngormstone	A yellow or smoky brown variety of rock crystal, or crystallized quartz, found esp, in the mountain of Cairngorm, in Scotland.
Caisson	A chest to hold ammunition.
Caisson	A four-wheeled carriage for conveying ammunition, consisting of two parts, a body and a limber. In light field batteries there is one caisson to each piece, having two ammunition boxes on the body, and one on the limber.
Caisson	A chest filled with explosive materials, to be laid in the way of an enemy and exploded on his approach.
Caisson	A water-tight box, of timber or iron within which work is carried on in building foundations or structures below the water level.
Caisson	A hollow floating box, usually of iron, which serves to close the entrances of docks and basins.
Caisson	A structure, usually with an air chamber, placed beneath a vessel to lift or float it.
Caisson	A sunk panel of ceilings or soffits.
Caitiff	Captive; wretched; unfortunate.
Caitiff	Base; wicked and mean; cowardly; despicable.
Caitiff	A captive; a prisoner.
Caitiff	A wretched or unfortunate man.
Caitiff	A mean, despicable person; one whose character meanness and wickedness meet.
Cajeput	See Cajuput.
Cajoled	of Cajole
Cajoling	of Cajole
Cajole	To deceive with flattery or fair words; to wheedle.
Cajolement	The act of cajoling; the state of being cajoled; cajolery.
Cajoler	A flatterer; a wheedler.
Cajoleries	of Cajolery
Cajolery	A wheedling to delude; words used in cajoling; flattery.
Cajuput	A highly stimulating volatile inflammable oil, distilled from the leaves of an East Indian tree (Melaleuca cajuputi, etc.) It is greenish in color and has a camphoraceous odor and pungent taste.
Cajuputene	A colorless or greenish oil extracted from cajuput.
Cake	A small mass of dough baked; especially, a thin loaf from unleavened dough; as, an oatmeal cake; johnnycake.
Cake	A sweetened composition of flour and other ingredients, leavened or unleavened, baked in a loaf or mass of any size or shape.
Cake	A thin wafer-shaped mass of fried batter; a griddlecake or pancake; as buckwheat cakes.
Cake	A mass of matter concreted, congealed, or molded into a solid mass of any form, esp. into a form rather flat than high; as, a cake of soap; an ague cake.
Cake	To form into a cake, or mass.
Caked	of Cake
Caking	of Cake
Cake	To concrete or consolidate into a hard mass, as dough in an oven; to coagulate.
Cake	To cackle as a goose.
Caking coal	See Coal.
Cal	Wolfram, an ore of tungsten.
Calabar	A district on the west coast of Africa.
Calabarine	An alkaloid resembling physostigmine and occurring with it in the calabar bean.
Calabash	The common gourd (plant or fruit).
Calabash	The fruit of the calabash tree.
Calabash	A water dipper, bottle, bascket, or other utensil, made from the dry shell of a calabash or gourd.
Calaboose	A prison; a jail.
Calade	A slope or declivity in a manege ground down which a horse is made to gallop, to give suppleness to his haunches.
Caladium	A genus of aroideous plants, of which some species are cultivated for their immense leaves (which are often curiously blotched with white and red), and others (in Polynesia) for food.
Calaite	A mineral. See Turquoise.
Calamanco	A glossy woolen stuff, plain, striped, or checked.
Calamander wood	A valuable furniture wood from India and Ceylon, of a hazel-brown color, with black stripes, very hard in texture. It is a species of ebony, and is obtained from the Diospyros quaesita. Called also Coromandel wood.
Calamar	Alt. of Calamary
Calamary	A cephalopod, belonging to the genus Loligo and related genera. There are many species. They have a sack of inklike fluid which they discharge from the siphon tube, when pursued or alarmed, in order to confuse their enemies. Their shell is a thin horny plate, within the flesh of the back, shaped very much like a quill pen. In America they are called squids. See Squid.
Calambac	A fragrant wood; agalloch.
Calambour	A species of agalloch, or aloes wood, of a dusky or mottled color, of a light, friable texture, and less fragrant than calambac; -- used by cabinetmakers.
Calamiferous	Producing reeds; reedy.
Calamine	A mineral, the hydrous silicate of zinc.
Calamint	A genus of perennial plants (Calamintha) of the Mint family, esp. the C. Nepeta and C. Acinos, which are called also basil thyme.
Calamist	One who plays upon a reed or pipe.
Calamistrate	To curl or friz, as the hair.
Calamistration	The act or process of curling the hair.
Calamistrum	A comblike structure on the metatarsus of the hind legs of certain spiders (Ciniflonidae), used to curl certain fibers in the construction of their webs.
Calamite	A fossil plant of the coal formation, having the general form of plants of the modern Equiseta (the Horsetail or Scouring Rush family) but sometimes attaining the height of trees, and having the stem more or less woody within. See Acrogen, and Asterophyllite.
Calamitous	Suffering calamity; wretched; miserable.
Calamitous	Producing, or attended with distress and misery; making wretched; wretched; unhappy.
Calamities	of Calamity
Calamity	Any great misfortune or cause of misery; -- generally applied to events or disasters which produce extensive evil, either to communities or individuals.
Calamity	A state or time of distress or misfortune; misery.
Calami	of Calamus
Calamus	The indian cane, a plant of the Palm family. It furnishes the common rattan. See Rattan, and Dragon's blood.
Calamus	A species of Acorus (A. calamus), commonly called calamus, or sweet flag. The root has a pungent, aromatic taste, and is used in medicine as a stomachic; the leaves have an aromatic odor, and were formerly used instead of rushes to strew on floors.
Calamus	The horny basal portion of a feather; the barrel or quill.
Calando	Gradually diminishing in rapidity and loudness.
Calash	A light carriage with low wheels, having a top or hood that can be raised or lowered, seats for inside, a separate seat for the driver, and often a movable front, so that it can be used as either an open or a close carriage.
Calash	In Canada, a two-wheeled, one-seated vehicle, with a calash top, and the driver's seat elevated in front.
Calash	A hood or top of a carriage which can be thrown back at pleasure.
Calash	A hood, formerly worn by ladies, which could be drawn forward or thrown back like the top of a carriage.
Calaverite	A bronze-yellow massive mineral with metallic luster; a telluride of gold; -- first found in Calaveras County California.
Calcaneal	Pertaining to the calcaneum; as, calcaneal arteries.
-neums	of Calcaneum
-nea	of Calcaneum
Calcaneum	One of the bones of the tarsus which in man, forms the great bone of the heel; -- called also fibulare.
Calcar	A kind of oven, or reverberatory furnace, used for the calcination of sand and potash, and converting them into frit.
Calcaria	of Calcar
Calcar	A hollow tube or spur at the base of a petal or corolla.
Calcar	A slender bony process from the ankle joint of bats, which helps to support the posterior part of the web, in flight.
Calcar	A spur, or spurlike prominence.
Calcar	A curved ridge in the floor of the leteral ventricle of the brain; the calcar avis, hippocampus minor, or ergot.
Calcarate	Alt. of Calcarated
Calcarated	Having a spur, as the flower of the toadflax and larkspur; spurred.
Calcarated	Armed with a spur.
Calcareo-argillaceous	consisting of, or containing, calcareous and argillaceous earths.
Calcareo-bituminous	Consisting of, or containing, lime and bitumen.
Calcareo-siliceous	Consisting of, or containing calcareous and siliceous earths.
Calcareous	Partaking of the nature of calcite or calcium carbonate; consisting of, or containing, calcium carbonate or carbonate of lime.
Calcareousness	Quality of being calcareous.
Calcariferous	Lime-yielding; calciferous
Calcarine	Pertaining to, or situated near, the calcar of the brain.
Calcavella	A sweet wine from Portugal; -- so called from the district of Carcavelhos.
Calceated	Fitted with, or wearing, shoes.
Calced	Wearing shoes; calceated; -- in distintion from discalced or barefooted; as the calced Carmelites.
Calcedon	A foul vein, like chalcedony, in some precious stones.
Calcedonic	Alt. of Calcedonian
Calcedonian	See Chalcedonic.
Calceiform	Shaped like a slipper, as one petal of the lady's-slipper; calceolate.
Calceolaria	A genus of showy herbaceous or shrubby plants, brought from South America; slipperwort. It has a yellow or purple flower, often spotted or striped, the shape of which suggests its name.
Calceolate	Slipper-ahaped. See Calceiform.
Calces	See Calx.
Calcic	Pertaining to, derived from, or containing, calcium or lime.
Calciferous	Bearing, producing, or containing calcite, or carbonate of lime.
Calcific	Calciferous. Specifically: (Zool.) of or pertaining to the portion of the oviduct which forms the eggshell in birds and reptiles.
Calcification	The process of change into a stony or calcareous substance by the deposition of lime salt; -- normally, as in the formation of bone and of teeth; abnormally, as in calcareous degeneration of tissue.
Calcified	Consisting of, or containing, calcareous matter or lime salts; calcareous.
Calciform	In the form of chalk or lime.
Calcified	of Calcify
Calcifying	of Calcify
Calcify	To make stony or calcareous by the deposit or secretion of salts of lime.
Calcify	To become changed into a stony or calcareous condition, in which lime is a principal ingredient, as in the formation of teeth.
Calcigenous	Tending to form, or to become, a calx or earthlike substance on being oxidized or burnt; as magnesium, calcium. etc.
Calcigerous	Holding lime or other earthy salts; as, the calcigerous cells of the teeth.
Calcimine	A white or colored wash for the ceiling or other plastering of a room, consisting of a mixture of clear glue, Paris white or zinc white, and water.
Calcimined	of Calcimine
Calcimining	of Calcimine
Calcimine	To wash or cover with calcimine; as, to calcimine walls.
Calciminer	One who calcimines.
Calcinable	That may be calcined; as, a calcinable fossil.
Calcinate	To calcine.
Calcination	The act or process of disintegrating a substance, or rendering it friable by the action of heat, esp. by the expulsion of some volatile matter, as when carbonic and acid is expelled from carbonate of calcium in the burning of limestone in order to make lime.
Calcination	The act or process of reducing a metal to an oxide or metallic calx; oxidation.
Calcinatory	A vessel used in calcination.
Calciden	of Calcine
Calcining	of Calcine
Calcine	To reduce to a powder, or to a friable state, by the action of heat; to expel volatile matter from by means of heat, as carbonic acid from limestone, and thus (usually) to produce disintegration; as to, calcine bones.
Calcine	To oxidize, as a metal by the action of heat; to reduce to a metallic calx.
Calcine	To be converted into a powder or friable substance, or into a calx, by the action of heat.
Calciner	One who, or that which, calcines.
Calcispongiae	An order of marine sponges, containing calcareous spicules. See Porifera.
Calcite	Calcium carbonate, or carbonate of lime. It is rhombohedral in its crystallization, and thus distinguished from aragonite.  It includes common limestone, chalk, and marble. Called also calc-spar and calcareous spar.
Calcitrant	Kicking.  Hence: Stubborn; refractory.
Calcitrate	To kick.
Calcitration	Act of kicking.
Calcium	An elementary substance; a metal which combined with oxygen forms lime. It is of a pale yellow color, tenacious, and malleable. It is a member of the alkaline earth group of elements. Atomic weight 40. Symbol Ca.
Calcivorous	Eroding, or eating into, limestone.
Calcographer	One who practices calcography.
Calcographic	Alt. of Calcographical
Calcographical	Relating to, or in the style of, calcography.
Calcography	The art of drawing with chalk.
Calc-sinter	See under Calcite.
Calc-spar	Same as Calcite.
Calc-tufa	See under Calcite.
Calculable	That may be calculated or ascertained by calculation.
Calculary	Of or pertaining to calculi.
Calculary	A congeries of little stony knots found in the pulp of the pear and other fruits.
Calculater	of Calculate
Calculating	of Calculate
Calculate	To ascertain or determine by mathematical processes, usually by the ordinary rules of arithmetic; to reckon up; to estimate; to compute.
Calculate	To ascertain or predict by mathematical or astrological computations the time, circumstances, or other conditions of; to forecast or compute the character or consequences of; as, to calculate or cast one's nativity.
Calculate	To adjust for purpose; to adapt by forethought or calculation; to fit or prepare by the adaptation of means to an end; as, to calculate a system of laws for the government and protection of a free people.
Calculate	To plan; to expect; to think.
Calculate	To make a calculation; to forecast consequences; to estimate; to compute.
Calculated	Worked out by calculation; as calculated tables for computing interest; ascertained or conjectured as a result of calculation; as, the calculated place of a planet; the calculated velocity of a cannon ball.
Calculated	Adapted by calculation, contrivance. or forethought to accomplish a purpose; as, to use arts calculated to deceive the people.
Calculated	Likely to produce a certain effect, whether intended or not; fitted; adapted; suited.
Calculating	Of or pertaining to mathematical calculations; performing or able to perform mathematical calculations.
Calculating	Given to contrivance or forethought; forecasting; scheming; as, a cool calculating disposition.
Calculating	The act or process of making mathematical computations or of estimating results.
Calculation	The act or process, or the result, of calculating; computation; reckoning, estimate.
Calculation	An expectation based on circumstances.
Calculative	Of or pertaining to calculation; involving calculation.
Calculator	One who computes or reckons: one who estimates or considers the force and effect of causes, with a view to form a correct estimate of the effects.
Calculatory	Belonging to calculation.
Calcule	Reckoning; computation.
Calcule	To calculate
Calculi	See Calculus.
Calculous	Of the nature of a calculus; like stone; gritty; as, a calculous concretion.
Calculous	Caused, or characterized, by the presence of a calculus or calculi; a, a calculous disorder; affected with gravel or stone; as, a calculous person.
Calculi	of Calculus
Calculus	Any solid concretion, formed in any part of the body, but most frequent in the organs that act as reservoirs, and in the passages connected with them; as, biliary calculi; urinary calculi, etc.
Calculus	A method of computation; any process of reasoning by the use of symbols; any branch of mathematics that may involve calculation.
Caldron	A large kettle or boiler of copper, brass, or iron. [Written also cauldron.]
Caleche	See Calash.
Caledonia	The ancient Latin name of Scotland; -- still used in poetry.
Caledonian	Of or pertaining to Caledonia or Scotland; Scottish; Scotch.
Caledonian	A native or inhabitant of Caledonia or Scotland.
Caledonite	A hydrous sulphate of copper and lead, found in some parts of Caledonia or Scotland.
Calefacient	Making warm; heating.
Calefacient	A substance that excites warmth in the parts to which it is applied, as mustard.
Calefaction	The act of warming or heating; the production of heat in a body by the action of fire, or by communication of heat from other bodies.
Calefaction	The state of being heated.
Calefactive	See Calefactory.
Calefactor	A heater; one who, or that which, makes hot, as a stove, etc.
Calefactory	Making hot; producing or communicating heat.
Calefactory	An apartment in a monastery, warmed and used as a sitting room.
Calefactory	A hollow sphere of metal, filled with hot water, or a chafing dish, placed on the altar in cold weather for the priest to warm his hands with.
Calefied	of Calefy
Calefying	of Calefy
Calefy	To make warm or hot.
Calefy	To grow hot or warm.
Calembour	A pun.
Calendar	An orderly arrangement of the division of time, adapted to the purposes of civil life, as years, months, weeks, and days; also, a register of the year with its divisions; an almanac.
Calendar	A tabular statement of the dates of feasts, offices, saints' days, etc., esp. of those which are liable to change yearly according to the varying date of Easter.
Calendar	An orderly list or enumeration of persons, things, or events; a schedule; as, a calendar of state papers; a calendar of bills presented in a legislative assembly; a calendar of causes arranged for trial in court; a calendar of a college or an academy.
Calendared	of Calendar
Calendaring	of Calendar
Calendar	To enter or write in a calendar; to register.
Calendarial	Of or pertaining to the calendar or a calendar.
Calendary	Calendarial.
Calender	A machine, used for the purpose of giving cloth, paper, etc., a smooth, even, and glossy or glazed surface, by cold or hot pressure, or for watering them and giving them a wavy appearance. It consists of two or more cylinders revolving nearly in contact, with the necessary apparatus for moving and regulating.
Calender	One who pursues the business of calendering.
Calendered	of Calender
Calendering	of Calender
Calender	To press between rollers for the purpose of making smooth and glossy, or wavy, as woolen and silk stuffs, linens, paper, etc.
Calender	One of a sect or order of fantastically dressed or painted dervishes.
Calendographer	One who makes calendars.
Calendrer	A person who calenders cloth; a calender.
Calendric	Alt. of Calendrical
Calendrical	Of or pertaining to a calendar.
Calends	The first day of each month in the ancient Roman calendar.
Calendula	A genus of composite herbaceous plants. One species, Calendula officinalis, is the common marigold, and was supposed to blossom on the calends of every month, whence the name.
Calendulin	A gummy or mucilaginous tasteless substance obtained from the marigold or calendula, and analogous to bassorin.
Calenture	A name formerly given to various fevers occuring in tropics; esp. to a form of furious delirium accompanied by fever, among sailors, which sometimes led the affected person to imagine the sea to be a green field, and to throw himself into it.
Calenture	To see as in the delirium of one affected with calenture.
Calescence	Growing warmth; increasing heat.
Calves	of Calf
Calf	The young of the cow, or of the Bovine family of quadrupeds. Also, the young of some other mammals, as of the elephant, rhinoceros, hippopotamus, and whale.
Calf	Leather made of the skin of the calf; especially, a fine, light-colored leather used in bookbinding; as, to bind books in calf.
Calf	An awkward or silly boy or young man; any silly person; a dolt.
Calf	A small island near a larger; as, the Calf of Man.
Calf	A small mass of ice set free from the submerged part of a glacier or berg, and rising to the surface.
Calf	The fleshy hinder part of the leg below the knee.
Calfskin	The hide or skin of a calf; or leather made of the skin.
Cali	The tenth avatar or incarnation of the god Vishnu.
Caliber	Alt. of Calibre
Calibre	The diameter of the bore, as a cannon or other firearm, or of any tube; or the weight or size of the projectile which a firearm will carry; as, an 8 inch gun, a 12-pounder, a 44 caliber.
Calibre	The diameter of round or cylindrical body, as of a bullet or column.
Calibre	Fig.: Capacity or compass of mind.
Calibrate	To ascertain the caliber of, as of a thermometer tube; also, more generally, to determine or rectify the graduation of, as of the various standards or graduated instruments.
Calibration	The process of estimating the caliber a tube, as of a thermometer tube, in order to graduate it to a scale of degrees; also, more generally, the determination of the true value of the spaces in any graduated instrument.
Calice	See Chalice.
Calicle	One of the small cuplike cavities, often with elevated borders, covering the surface of most corals. Each is formed by a polyp. (b) One of the cuplike structures inclosing the zooids of certain hydroids. See Campanularian.
Calicoes	of Calico
Calico	Plain white cloth made from cotton, but which receives distinctive names according to quality and use, as, super calicoes, shirting calicoes, unbleached calicoes, etc.
Calico	Cotton cloth printed with a figured pattern.
Calico	Made of, or having the appearance of, calico; -- often applied to an animal, as a horse or cat, on whose body are large patches of a color strikingly different from its main color.
Calicoback	The calico bass.
Calicoback	An hemipterous insect (Murgantia histrionica) which injures the cabbage and other garden plants; -- called also calico bug and harlequin cabbage bug.
Calicular	Alt. of Caliculate
Caliculate	Relating to, or resembling, a cup; also improperly used for calycular, calyculate.
Calid	Hot; burning; ardent.
Calidity	Heat.
Caliduct	A pipe or duct used to convey hot air or steam.
Calif	Alt. of Califate
Califate	Same as Caliph, Caliphate, etc.
Californian	Of or pertaining to California.
Californian	A native or inhabitant of California.
Caligation	Dimness; cloudiness.
Caliginosity	Darkness.
Caliginous	Affected with darkness or dimness; dark; obscure.
Caligo	Dimness or obscurity of sight, dependent upon a speck on the cornea; also, the speck itself.
Caligraphic	See Calligraphic.
Caligraphy	See Caligraphy.
Calin	An alloy of lead and tin, of which the Chinese make tea canisters.
Calipash	A part of a turtle which is next to the upper shell. It contains a fatty and gelatinous substance of a dull greenish tinge, much esteemed as a delicacy in preparations of turtle.
Calipee	A part of a turtle which is attached to the lower shell. It contains a fatty and gelatinous substance of a light yellowish color, much esteemed as a delicacy.
Calipers	An instrument, usually resembling a pair of dividers or compasses with curved legs, for measuring the diameter or thickness of bodies, as of work shaped in a lathe or planer, timber, masts, shot, etc.; or the bore of firearms, tubes, etc.; -- called also caliper compasses, or caliber compasses.
Caliph	Successor or vicar; -- a title of the successors of Mohammed both as temporal and spiritual rulers, now used by the sultans of Turkey.
Caliphate	The office, dignity, or government of a caliph or of the caliphs.
Calippic	Of or pertaining to Calippus, an Athenian astronomer.
Calisaya bark	A valuable kind of Peruvian bark obtained from the Cinchona Calisaya, and other closely related species.
Calistheneum	A gymnasium; esp. one for light physical exercise by women and children.
Calisthenis	Of or pertaining to calisthenics.
Calisthenics	The science, art, or practice of healthful exercise of the body and limbs, to promote strength and gracefulness; light gymnastics.
Caliver	An early form of hand gun, variety of the arquebus; originally a gun having a regular size of bore.
Calix	A cup. See Calyx.
Calked	of Calk
Calking	of Calk
Calk	To drive tarred oakum into the seams between the planks of (a ship, boat, etc.), to prevent leaking. The calking is completed by smearing the seams with melted pitch.
Calk	To make an indentation in the edge of a metal plate, as along a seam in a steam boiler or an iron ship, to force the edge of the upper plate hard against the lower and so fill the crevice.
Calk	To copy, as a drawing, by rubbing the back of it with red or black chalk, and then passing a blunt style or needle over the lines, so as to leave a tracing on the paper or other thing against which it is laid or held.
Calk	A sharp-pointed piece of iron or steel projecting downward on the shoe of a horse or an ox, to prevent the animal from slipping; -- called also calker, calkin.
Calk	An instrument with sharp points, worn on the sole of a shoe or boot, to prevent slipping.
Calk	To furnish with calks, to prevent slipping on ice; as, to calk the shoes of a horse or an ox.
Calk	To wound with a calk; as when a horse injures a leg or a foot with a calk on one of the other feet.
Calker	One who calks.
Calker	A calk on a shoe. See Calk, n., 1.
Calkin	A calk on a shoe. See Calk, n., 1.
Calking	The act or process of making seems tight, as in ships, or of furnishing with calks, as a shoe, or copying, as a drawing.
Called	of Call
Calling	of Call
Call	To command or request to come or be present; to summon; as, to call a servant.
Call	To summon to the discharge of a particular duty; to designate for an office, or employment, especially of a religious character; -- often used of a divine summons; as, to be called to the ministry; sometimes, to invite; as, to call a minister to be the pastor of a church.
Call	To invite or command to meet; to convoke; -- often with together; as, the President called Congress together; to appoint and summon; as, to call a meeting of the Board of Aldermen.
Call	To give name to; to name; to address, or speak of, by a specifed name.
Call	To regard or characterize as of a certain kind; to denominate; to designate.
Call	To state, or estimate, approximately or loosely; to characterize without strict regard to fact; as, they call the distance ten miles; he called it a full day's work.
Call	To show or disclose the class, character, or nationality of.
Call	To utter in a loud or distinct voice; -- often with off; as, to call, or call off, the items of an account; to call the roll of a military company.
Call	To invoke; to appeal to.
Call	To rouse from sleep; to awaken.
Call	To speak in loud voice; to cry out; to address by name; -- sometimes with to.
Call	To make a demand, requirement, or request.
Call	To make a brief visit; also, to stop at some place designated, as for orders.
Call	The act of calling; -- usually with the voice, but often otherwise, as by signs, the sound of some instrument, or by writing; a summons; an entreaty; an invitation; as, a call for help; the bugle's call.
Call	A signal, as on a drum, bugle, trumpet, or pipe, to summon soldiers or sailors to duty.
Call	An invitation to take charge of or serve a church as its pastor.
Call	A requirement or appeal arising from the circumstances of the case; a moral requirement or appeal.
Call	A divine vocation or summons.
Call	Vocation; employment.
Call	A short visit; as, to make a call on a neighbor; also, the daily coming of a tradesman to solicit orders.
Call	A note blown on the horn to encourage the hounds.
Call	A whistle or pipe, used by the boatswain and his mate, to summon the sailors to duty.
Call	The cry of a bird; also a noise or cry in imitation of a bird; or a pipe to call birds by imitating their note or cry.
Call	A reference to, or statement of, an object, course, distance, or other matter of description in a survey or grant requiring or calling for a corresponding object, etc., on the land.
Call	The privilege to demand the delivery of stock, grain, or any commodity, at a fixed, price, at or within a certain time agreed on.
Call	See Assessment, 4.
Calla	A genus of plants, of the order Araceae.
Callat	Same as Callet.
Calle	A kind of head covering; a caul.
Caller	One who calls.
Caller	Cool; refreshing; fresh; as, a caller day; the caller air.
Caller	Fresh; in good condition; as, caller berrings.
Callet	A trull or prostitute; a scold or gossip.
Callet	To rail or scold.
Callid	Characterized by cunning or shrewdness; crafty.
Callidity	Acuteness of discernment; cunningness; shrewdness.
Calligrapher	One skilled in calligraphy; a good penman.
Calligraphic	Alt. of Calligraphical
Calligraphical	Of or pertaining to calligraphy.
Calligraphist	A calligrapher
Calligraphy	Fair or elegant penmanship.
Calling	The act of one who calls; a crying aloud, esp. in order to summon, or to attact the attention of, some one.
Calling	A summoning or convocation, as of Parliament.
Calling	A divine summons or invitation; also, the state of being divinely called.
Calling	A naming, or inviting; a reading over or reciting in order, or a call of names with a view to obtaining an answer, as in legislative bodies.
Calling	One's usual occupation, or employment; vocation; business; trade.
Calling	The persons, collectively, engaged in any particular professions or employment.
Calling	Title; appellation; name.
Calliope	The Muse that presides over eloquence and heroic poetry; mother of Orpheus, and chief of the nine Muses.
Calliope	One of the asteroids. See Solar.
Calliope	A musical instrument consisting of a series of steam whistles, toned to the notes of the scale, and played by keys arranged like those of an organ. It is sometimes attached to steamboat boilers.
Calliope	A beautiful species of humming bird (Stellula Calliope) of California and adjacent regions.
Calliopsis	A popular name given to a few species of the genus Coreopsis, especially to C. tinctoria of Arkansas.
Callipash	See Calipash.
Callipee	See Calipee.
Callipers	See Calipers.
Callisection	Painless vivisection; -- opposed to sentisection.
Callisthenic	Alt. of Callisthenics
Callisthenics	See Calisthenic, Calisthenics.
Callithump	A somewhat riotous parade, accompanied with the blowing of tin horns, and other discordant noises; also, a burlesque serenade; a charivari.
Callithumpian	Of, pertaining to, or resembling, a callithump.
Callosan	Of the callosum.
Callose	Furnished with protuberant or hardened spots.
Callosities	of Callosity
Callosity	A hard or thickened spot or protuberance; a hardening and thickening of the skin or bark of a part, eps. as a result of continued pressure or friction.
Callosum	The great band commissural fibers which unites the two cerebral hemispheres. See corpus callosum, under Carpus.
Callot	A plant coif or skullcap. Same as Calotte.
Callous	Hardened; indurated.
Callous	Hardened in mind; insensible; unfeeling; unsusceptible.
Callow	Destitute of feathers; naked; unfledged.
Callow	Immature; boyish; "green"; as, a callow youth.
Callow	A kind of duck. See Old squaw.
Callus	Same as Callosity
Callus	The material of repair in fractures of bone; a substance exuded at the site of fracture, which is at first soft or cartilaginous in consistence, but is ultimately converted into true bone and unites the fragments into a single piece.
Callus	The new formation over the end of a cutting, before it puts out rootlets.
Calm	Freedom from motion, agitation, or disturbance; a cessation or absence of that which causes motion or disturbance, as of winds or waves; tranquility; stillness; quiet; serenity.
Calmed	of Calm
Calming	of Calm
Calm	To make calm; to render still or quiet, as elements; as, to calm the winds.
Calm	To deliver from agitation or excitement; to still or soothe, as the mind or passions.
Calm	Not stormy; without motion, as of winds or waves; still; quiet; serene; undisturbed.
Calm	Undisturbed by passion or emotion; not agitated or excited; tranquil; quiet in act or speech.
Calmer	One who, or that which, makes calm.
Calmly	In a calm manner.
Calmness	The state of quality of being calm; quietness; tranquillity; self-repose.
Calmucks	A branch of the Mongolian race inhabiting parts of the Russian and Chinese empires; also (sing.), the language of the Calmucks.
Calmy	Tranquil; peaceful; calm.
Calomel	Mild chloride of mercury, Hg2Cl2, a heavy, white or yellowish white substance, insoluble and tasteless, much used in medicine as a mercurial and purgative; mercurous chloride. It occurs native as the mineral horn quicksilver.
Calorescence	The conversion of obscure radiant heat into light; the transmutation of rays of heat into others of higher refrangibility.
Caloric	The principle of heat, or the agent to which the phenomena of heat and combustion were formerly ascribed; -- not now used in scientific nomenclature, but sometimes used as a general term for heat.
Caloric	Of or pertaining to caloric.
Caloricity	A faculty in animals of developing and preserving the heat necessary to life, that is, the animal heat.
Caloriduct	A tube or duct for conducting heat; a caliduct.
Calorie	The unit of heat according to the French standard; the amount of heat required to raise the temperature of one kilogram (sometimes, one gram) of water one degree centigrade, or from 0 to 1. Compare the English standard unit, Foot pound.
Calorifacient	See Calorificient.
Calorifere	An apparatus for conveying and distributing heat, especially by means of hot water circulating in tubes.
Calorifiant	See Calorificient.
Calorific	Possessing the quality of producing heat; heating.
Calorification	Production of heat, esp. animal heat.
Calorificient	Having, or relating to the power of producing heat; -- applied to foods which, being rich in carbon, as the fats, are supposed to give rise to heat in the animal body by oxidation.
Calorimeter	An apparatus for measuring the amount of heat contained in bodies or developed by some mechanical or chemical process, as friction, chemical combination, combustion, etc.
Calorimeter	An apparatus for measuring the proportion of unevaporated water contained in steam.
Calorimetric	Of or pertaining to the process of using the calorimeter.
Calorimetry	Measurement of the quantities of heat in bodies.
Calorimotor	A voltaic battery, having a large surface of plate, and producing powerful heating effects.
Calotte	Alt. of Callot
Callot	A close cap without visor or brim.
Callot	Such a cap, worn by English serjeants at law.
Callot	Such a cap, worn by the French cavalry under their helmets.
Callot	Such a cap, worn by the clergy of the Roman Catholic Church.
Calotype	A method of taking photographic pictures, on paper sensitized with iodide of silver; -- also called Talbotype, from the inventor, Mr. Fox. Talbot.
Caloyer	A monk of the Greek Church; a cenobite, anchoret, or recluse of the rule of St. Basil, especially, one on or near Mt. Athos.
Calque	See 2d Calk, v. t.
Caltrop	Alt. of Caltrap
Caltrap	A genus of herbaceous plants (Tribulus) of the order Zygophylleae, having a hard several-celled fruit, armed with stout spines, and resembling the military instrument of the same name. The species grow in warm countries, and are often very annoying to cattle.
Caltrap	An instrument with four iron points, so disposed that, any three of them being on the ground, the other projects upward. They are scattered on the ground where an enemy's cavalry are to pass, to impede their progress by endangering the horses' feet.
Calumba	The root of a plant (Jateorrhiza Calumba, and probably Cocculus palmatus), indigenous in Mozambique. It has an unpleasantly bitter taste, and is used as a tonic and antiseptic.
Calumbin	A bitter principle extracted as a white crystalline substance from the calumba root.
Calumet	A kind of pipe, used by the North American Indians for smoking tobacco. The bowl is usually made of soft red stone, and the tube is a long reed often ornamented with feathers.
Calumniated	of Calumniate
Calumniating	of Calumniate
Calumniate	To accuse falsely and maliciously of a crime or offense, or of something disreputable; to slander; to libel.
Calumniate	To propagate evil reports with a design to injure the reputation of another; to make purposely false charges of some offense or crime.
Calumniation	False accusation of crime or offense, or a malicious and false representation of the words or actions of another, with a view to injure his good name.
Calumniator	One who calumniates.
Calumniatory	Containing calumny; slanderous.
Calumnious	Containing or implying calumny; false, malicious, and injurious to reputation; slanderous; as, calumnious reports.
Calumnies	of Calumny
Calumny	False accusation of a crime or offense, maliciously made or reported, to the injury of another; malicious misrepresentation; slander; detraction.
Calvaria	The bones of the cranium; more especially, the bones of the domelike upper portion.
Calvary	The place where Christ was crucified, on a small hill outside of Jerusalem.
Calvary	A representation of the crucifixion, consisting of three crosses with the figures of Christ and the thieves, often as large as life, and sometimes surrounded by figures of other personages who were present at the crucifixion.
Calvary	A cross, set upon three steps; -- more properly called cross calvary.
Calved	of Calve
Calving	of Calve
Calve	To bring forth a calf.
Calve	To bring forth young; to produce offspring.
Calver	To cut in slices and pickle, as salmon.
Calver	To crimp; as, calvered salmon.
Calver	To bear, or be susceptible of, being calvered; as, grayling's flesh will calver.
Calvessnout	Snapdragon.
Calvinism	The theological tenets or doctrines of John Calvin (a French theologian and reformer of the 16th century) and his followers, or of the so-called calvinistic churches.
Calvinist	A follower of Calvin; a believer in Calvinism.
Calvinistic	Alt. of Calvinistical
Calvinistical	Of or pertaining to Calvin, or Calvinism; following Calvin; accepting or Teaching Calvinism.
Calvinize	To convert to Calvinism.
Calvish	Like a calf; stupid.
Calxes	of Calx
Calces	of Calx
Calx	Quicklime.
Calx	The substance which remains when a metal or mineral has been subjected to calcination or combustion by heat, and which is, or may be, reduced to a fine powder.
Calx	Broken and refuse glass, returned to the post.
Calycifloral	Alt. of callyciflorous
Callyciflorous	Having the petals and stamens adnate to the calyx; -- applied to a subclass of dicotyledonous plants in the system of the French botanist Candolle.
Calyciform	Having the form or appearance of a calyx.
Calycinal	Alt. of Calycine
Calycine	Pertaining to a calyx; having the nature of a calyx.
Calycle	A row of small bracts, at the base of the calyx, on the outside.
Calycled	Calyculate.
Calycozoa	A group of acalephs of which Lucernaria is the type. The body is cup-shaped with eight marginal lobes bearing clavate tentacles. An aboral sucker serves for attachment. The interior is divided into four large compartments. See Lucernarida.
Calycular	Pertaining to, or resembling, the bracts of a calycle.
Calyculate	Alt. of Calyculated
Calyculated	Having a set of bracts resembling a calyx.
Calymene	A genus of trilobites characteristic of the Silurian age.
Calyon	Flint or pebble stone, used in building walls, etc.
Calypso	A small and beautiful species of orchid, having a flower variegated with purple, pink, and yellow. It grows in cold and wet localities in the northern part of the United States. The Calypso borealis is the only orchid which reaches 68 N.
Calyptra	A little hood or veil, resembling an extinguisher in form and position, covering each of the small flasklike capsules which contain the spores of mosses; also, any similar covering body.
Calyptriform	Having the form a calyptra, or extinguisher.
Calyxes	of Calyx
Calyces	of Calyx
Calyx	The covering of a flower. See Flower.
Calyx	A cuplike division of the pelvis of the kidney, which surrounds one or more of the renal papillae.
Calzoons	Drawers.
Cam	A turning or sliding piece which, by the shape of its periphery or face, or a groove in its surface, imparts variable or intermittent motion to, or receives such motion from, a rod, lever, or block brought into sliding or rolling contact with it.
Cam	A curved wedge, movable about an axis, used for forcing or clamping two pieces together.
Cam	A projecting part of a wheel or other moving piece so shaped as to give alternate or variable motion to another piece against which it acts.
Cam	A ridge or mound of earth.
Cam	Crooked.
Camaieu	A cameo.
Camaieu	Painting in shades of one color; monochrome.
Camail	A neck guard of chain mall, hanging from the bascinet or other headpiece.
Camail	A hood of other material than mail;
Camail	a hood worn in church services, -- the amice, or the like.
Camarasaurus	A genus of gigantic American Jurassic dinosaurs, having large cavities in the bodies of the dorsal vertebrae.
Camarilla	The private audience chamber of a king.
Camarilla	A company of secret and irresponsible advisers, as of a king; a cabal or clique.
Camass	A blue-flowered liliaceous plant (Camassia esculenta) of northwestern America, the bulbs of which are collected for food by the Indians.
Camber	An upward convexity of a deck or other surface; as, she has a high camber (said of a vessel having an unusual convexity of deck).
Camber	An upward concavity in the under side of a beam, girder, or lintel; also, a slight upward concavity in a straight arch. See Hogback.
Cambered	of Camber
Cambering	of Camber
Camber	To cut bend to an upward curve; to construct, as a deck, with an upward curve.
Camber	To curve upward.
Camberkeeled	Having the keel arched upwards, but not actually hogged; -- said of a ship.
Cambial	Belonging to exchanges in commerce; of exchange.
Cambist	A banker; a money changer or broker; one who deals in bills of exchange, or who is skilled in the science of exchange.
Cambistry	The science of exchange, weight, measures, etc.
Cambium	A series of formative cells lying outside of the wood proper and inside of the inner bark. The growth of new wood takes place in the cambium, which is very soft.
Cambium	A fancied nutritive juice, formerly supposed to originate in the blood, to repair losses of the system, and to promote its increase.
Camblet	See Camlet.
Camboge	See Gamboge.
Camboose	See Caboose.
Cambrasine	A kind of linen cloth made in Egypt, and so named from its resemblance to cambric.
Cambrel	See Gambrel, n., 2.
Cambria	The ancient Latin name of Wales. It is used by modern poets.
Cambrian	Of or pertaining to Cambria or Wales.
Cambrian	Of or pertaining to the lowest subdivision of the rocks of the Silurian or Molluscan age; -- sometimes described as inferior to the Silurian. It is named from its development in Cambria or Wales. See the Diagram under Geology.
Cambrian	A native of Cambria or Wales.
Cambrian	The Cambrian formation.
Cambric	A fine, thin, and white fabric made of flax or linen.
Cambric	A fabric made, in imitation of linen cambric, of fine, hardspun cotton, often with figures of various colors; -- also called cotton cambric, and cambric muslin.
Cambro-Briton	A Welshman.
Came	imp. of Come.
Came	A slender rod of cast lead, with or without grooves, used, in casements and stained-glass windows, to hold together the panes or pieces of glass.
Camel	A large ruminant used in Asia and Africa for carrying burdens and for riding. The camel is remarkable for its ability to go a long time without drinking. Its hoofs are small, and situated at the extremities of the toes, and the weight of the animal rests on the callous. The dromedary (Camelus dromedarius) has one bunch on the back, while the Bactrian camel (C. Bactrianus) has two. The llama, alpaca, and vicua, of South America, belong to a related genus (Auchenia).
Camel	A water-tight structure (as a large box or boxes) used to assist a vessel in passing over a shoal or bar or in navigating shallow water. By admitting water, the camel or camels may be sunk and attached beneath or at the sides of a vessel, and when the water is pumped out the vessel is lifted.
Camel-backed	Having a back like a camel; humpbacked.
Cameleon	See Chaceleon.
Camellia	An Asiatic genus of small shrubs, often with shining leaves and showy flowers. Camellia Japonica is much cultivated for ornament, and C. Sassanqua and C. oleifera are grown in China for the oil which is pressed from their seeds. The tea plant is now referred to this genus under the name of Camellia Thea.
Camelopard	An African ruminant; the giraffe. See Giraffe.
Camelot	See Camelet.
Camelshair	Of camel's hair.
Cameos	of Cameo
Cameo	A carving in relief, esp. one on a small scale used as a jewel for personal adornment, or like.
Cameras	of Camera
Camerae	of Camera
Camera	A chamber, or instrument having a chamber.  Specifically: The camera obscura when used in photography. See Camera, and Camera obscura.
Camerade	See Comrade.
Cameralistic	Of or pertaining to finance and public revenue.
Cameralistics	The science of finance or public revenue.
Camera lucida	An instrument which by means of a prism of a peculiar form, or an arrangement of mirrors, causes an apparent image of an external object or objects to appear as if projected upon a plane surface, as of paper or canvas, so that the outlines may conveniently traced. It is generally used with the microscope.
Camera obscura	An apparatus in which the images of external objects, formed by a convex lens or a concave mirror, are thrown on a paper or other white surface placed in the focus of the lens or mirror within a darkened chamber, or box, so that the outlines may be traced.
Camera obscura	An apparatus in which the image of an external object or objects is, by means of lenses, thrown upon a sensitized plate or surface placed at the back of an extensible darkened box or chamber variously modified; -- commonly called simply the camera.
Camerated	of Camerate
Camerzting	of Camerate
Camerate	To build in the form of a vault; to arch over.
Camerate	To divide into chambers.
Cameration	A vaulting or arching over.
Camerlingo	The papal chamberlain; the cardinal who presides over the pope's household. He has at times possessed great power.
Cameronian	A follower of the Rev. Richard Cameron, a Scotch Covenanter of the time of Charles II.
Camis	A light, loose dress or robe.
Camisade	Alt. of Camisado
Camisado	A shirt worn by soldiers over their uniform, in order to be able to recognize one another in a night attack.
Camisado	An attack by surprise by soldiers wearing the camisado.
Camisard	One of the French Protestant insurgents who rebelled against Louis XIV, after the revocation of the edict of Nates; -- so called from the peasant's smock (camise) which they wore.
Camisated	Dressed with a shirt over the other garments.
Camisole	A short dressing jacket for women.
Camisole	A kind of straitjacket.
Camlet	A woven fabric originally made of camel's hair, now chiefly of goat's hair and silk, or of wool and cotton.
Camleted	Wavy or undulating like camlet; veined.
Cammas	See Camass.
Cammock	A plant having long hard, crooked roots, the Ononis spinosa; -- called also rest-harrow. The Scandix Pecten-Veneris is also called cammock.
Camomile	Alt. of Chamomile
Chamomile	A genus of herbs (Anthemis) of the Composite family. The common camomile, A. nobilis, is used as a popular remedy. Its flowers have a strong and fragrant and a bitter, aromatic taste. They are tonic, febrifugal, and in large doses emetic, and the volatile oil is carminative.
Camonflet	A small mine, sometimes formed in the wall or side of an enemy's gallery, to blow in the earth and cut off the retreat of the miners.
Camous	Alt. of Camoys
Camoys	Flat; depressed; crooked; -- said only of the nose.
Camoused	Depressed; flattened.
Camously	Awry.
Camp	The ground or spot on which tents, huts, etc., are erected for shelter, as for an army or for lumbermen, etc.
Camp	A collection of tents, huts, etc., for shelter, commonly arranged in an orderly manner.
Camp	A single hut or shelter; as, a hunter's camp.
Camp	The company or body of persons encamped, as of soldiers, of surveyors, of lumbermen, etc.
Camp	A mound of earth in which potatoes and other vegetables are stored for protection against frost; -- called also burrow and pie.
Camp	An ancient game of football, played in some parts of England.
Camped	of Camp
Camping	of Camp
Camp	To afford rest or lodging for, as an army or travelers.
Camp	To pitch or prepare a camp; to encamp; to lodge in a camp; -- often with out.
Camp	To play the game called camp.
Campagna	An open level tract of country; especially "Campagna di Roma." The extensive undulating plain which surrounds Rome.
Campagnol	A mouse (Arvicala agrestis), called also meadow mouse, which often does great damage in fields and gardens, by feeding on roots and seeds.
Campaign	An open field; a large, open plain without considerable hills. SeeChampaign.
Campaign	A connected series of military operations forming a distinct stage in a war; the time during which an army keeps the field.
Campaign	Political operations preceding an election; a canvass.
Campaign	The period during which a blast furnace is continuously in operation.
Campaign	To serve in a campaign.
Campaigner	One who has served in an army in several campaigns; an old soldier; a veteran.
Campana	A church bell.
Campana	The pasque flower.
Campana	Same as Gutta.
Campaned	Furnished with, or bearing, campanes, or bells.
Campanero	The bellbird of South America. See Bellbird.
Campanes	Bells.
Campania	Open country.
Campaniform	Bell-shaped.
Campanile	A bell tower, esp. one built separate from a church.
Campaniliform	Bell-shaped; campanulate; campaniform.
Campanologist	One skilled in campanology; a bell ringer.
Campanology	The art of ringing bells, or a treatise on the art.
Campanula	A large genus of plants bearing bell-shaped flowers, often of great beauty; -- also called bellflower.
Campanulaceous	Of pertaining to, or resembling, the family of plants (Camponulaceae) of which Campanula is the type, and which includes the Canterbury bell, the harebell, and the Venus's looking-glass.
Campanularian	A hydroid of the family ampanularidae, characterized by having the polyps or zooids inclosed in bell-shaped calicles or hydrothecae.
Campanulate	Bell-shaped.
Campbellite	A member of the denomination called Christians or Disciples of Christ. They themselves repudiate the term Campbellite as a nickname. See Christian, 3.
Campeachy Wood	Logwood.
Camper	One who lodges temporarily in a hut or camp.
Campestral	Alt. of Campestrian
Campestrian	Relating to an open fields; drowing in a field; growing in a field, or open ground.
Camptight	A duel; the decision of a case by a duel.
Camphene	One of a series of substances C10H16, resembling camphor, regarded as modified terpenes.
Camphine	Rectified oil of turpentine, used for burning in lamps, and as a common solvent in varnishes.
Camphire	An old spelling of Camphor.
Camphogen	See Cymene.
Camphol	See Borneol.
Camphor	A tough, white, aromatic resin, or gum, obtained from different species of the Laurus family, esp. from Cinnamomum camphara (the Laurus camphara of Linnaeus.). Camphor, C10H16O, is volatile and fragrant, and is used in medicine as a diaphoretic, a stimulant, or sedative.
Camphor	A gum resembling ordinary camphor, obtained from a tree (Dryobalanops camphora) growing in Sumatra and Borneo; -- called also Malay camphor, camphor of Borneo, or borneol. See Borneol.
Camphor	To impregnate or wash with camphor; to camphorate.
Camphoraceous	Of the nature of camphor; containing camphor.
Camphorate	To impregnate or treat with camphor.
Camphorate	A salt of camphoric acid.
Camphorate	Alt. of Camporated
Camporated	Combined or impregnated with camphor.
Camphoric	Of, pertaining to, or derived from, camphor.
Camphretic	Pertaining to, or derived from camphor.
Camping	Lodging in a camp.
Camping	A game of football.
Campion	A plant of the Pink family (Cucubalus bacciferus), bearing berries regarded as poisonous.
Campus	The principal grounds of a college or school, between the buildings or within the main inclosure; as, the college campus.
Campylospermous	Having seeds grooved lengthwise on the inner face, as in sweet cicely.
Campylotropous	Having the ovules and seeds so curved, or bent down upon themselves, that the ends of the embryo are brought close together.
Camus	See Camis.
Camwood	See Barwood.
Can	an obs. form of began, imp. & p. p. of Begin, sometimes used in old poetry. [See Gan.]
Can	A drinking cup; a vessel for holding liquids.
Can	A vessel or case of tinned iron or of sheet metal, of various forms, but usually cylindrical; as, a can of tomatoes; an oil can; a milk can.
Canned	of Can
Canning	of Can
Can	To preserve by putting in sealed cans
Could	of Can
Can	To know; to understand.
Can	To be able to do; to have power or influence.
Can	To be able; -- followed by an infinitive without to; as, I can go, but do not wish to.
Canaanite	A descendant of Canaan, the son of Ham, and grandson of Noah.
Canaanite	A Native or inhabitant of the land of Canaan, esp. a member of any of the tribes who inhabited Canaan at the time of the exodus of the Israelites from Egypt.
Canaanite	A zealot.
Canaanitish	Of or pertaining to Canaan or the Canaanites.
Caada	A small caon; a narrow valley or glen; also, but less frequently, an open valley.
Canada	A British province in North America, giving its name to various plants and animals.
Canadian	Of or pertaining to Canada.
Canadian	A native or inhabitant of Canada.
Canaille	The lowest class of people; the rabble; the vulgar.
Canaille	Shorts or inferior flour.
Canakin	A little can or cup.
Canal	An artificial channel filled with water and designed for navigation, or for irrigating land, etc.
Canal	A tube or duct; as, the alimentary canal; the semicircular canals of the ear.
Canal coal	See Cannel coal.
Canaliculate	Alt. of Canaliculated
Canaliculated	Having a channel or groove, as in the leafstalks of most palms.
Canaliculi	of Canaliculus
Canaliculus	A minute canal.
Canalization	Construction of, or furnishing with, a canal or canals.
Canard	An extravagant or absurd report or story; a fabricated sensational report or statement; esp. one set afloat in the newspapers to hoax the public.
Canarese	Pertaining to Canara, a district of British India.
Canary	Of or pertaining to the Canary Islands; as, canary wine; canary birds.
Canary	Of a pale yellowish color; as, Canary stone.
Canaries	of Canary
Canary	Wine made in the Canary Islands; sack.
Canary	A canary bird.
Canary	A pale yellow color, like that of a canary bird.
Canary	A quick and lively dance.
Canary	To perform the canary dance; to move nimbly; to caper.
Canary bird	A small singing bird of the Finch family (Serinus Canarius), a native of the Canary Islands. It was brought to Europe in the 16th century, and made a household pet. It generally has a yellowish body with the wings and tail greenish, but in its wild state it is more frequently of gray or brown color. It is sometimes called canary finch.
Canaster	A kind of tobacco for smoking, made of the dried leaves, coarsely broken; -- so called from the rush baskets in which it is packed in South America.
Can buoy	See under Buoy, n.
Cancan	A rollicking French dance, accompanied by indecorous or extravagant postures and gestures.
Canceled	of Cancel
Cancelled	of Cancel
Canceling	of Cancel
Cancelling	of Cancel
Cancel	To inclose or surround, as with a railing, or with latticework.
Cancel	To shut out, as with a railing or with latticework; to exclude.
Cancel	To cross and deface, as the lines of a writing, or as a word or figure; to mark out by a cross line; to blot out or obliterate.
Cancel	To annul or destroy; to revoke or recall.
Cancel	To suppress or omit; to strike out, as matter in type.
Cancel	An inclosure; a boundary; a limit.
Cancel	The suppression or striking out of matter in type, or of a printed page or pages.
Cancel	The part thus suppressed.
Cancelier	To turn in flight; -- said of a hawk.
Cancelier	Alt. of Canceleer
Canceleer	The turn of a hawk upon the wing to recover herself, when she misses her aim in the stoop.
Cancellarean	Cancellarean.
Cancellate	Consisting of a network of veins, without intermediate parenchyma, as the leaves of certain plants; latticelike.
Cancellate	Having the surface coveres with raised lines, crossing at right angles.
Cancellated	Crossbarred; marked with cross lines.
Cancellated	Open or spongy, as some porous bones.
Cancellation	The act, process, or result of canceling; as, the cansellation of certain words in a contract, or of the contract itself.
Cancellation	The operation of striking out common factors, in both the dividend and divisor.
Cancelli	An interwoven or latticed wall or inclosure; latticework, rails, or crossbars, as around the bar of a court of justice, between the chancel and the nave of a church, or in a window.
Cancelli	The interlacing osseous plates constituting the elastic porous tissue of certain parts of the bones, esp. in their articular extremities.
Cancellous	Having a spongy or porous structure; made up of cancelli; cancellated; as, the cancellous texture of parts of many bones.
Cancer	A genus of decapod Crustacea, including some of the most common shore crabs of Europe and North America, as the rock crab, Jonah crab, etc. See Crab.
Cancer	The fourth of the twelve signs of the zodiac. The first point is the northern limit of the sun's course in summer; hence, the sign of the summer solstice. See Tropic.
Cancer	A northern constellation between Gemini and Leo.
Cancer	Formerly, any malignant growth, esp. one attended with great pain and ulceration, with cachexia and progressive emaciation. It was so called, perhaps, from the great veins which surround it, compared by the ancients to the claws of a crab. The term is now restricted to such a growth made up of aggregations of epithelial cells, either without support or embedded in the meshes of a trabecular framework.
Cancerated	of Cancerate
Cancerate	To grow into a canser; to become cancerous.
Canceration	The act or state of becoming cancerous or growing into a cancer.
Cancerite	Like a cancer; having the qualities or virulence of a cancer; affected with cancer.
Cancriform	Having the form of, or resembling, a crab; crab-shaped.
Cancriform	Like a cancer; cancerous.
Cancrine	Having the qualities of a crab; crablike.
Cancrinite	A mineral occurring in hexagonal crystals, also massive, generally of a yellow color, containing silica, alumina, lime, soda, and carbon dioxide.
Cancroid	Resembling a crab; pertaining to the Cancroidea, one of the families of crabs, including the genus Cancer.
Cancroid	Like a cancer; as, a cancroid tumor.
Cand	Fluor spar. See Kand.
Candelabra	of Candelabrum
Candelabrums	of Candelabrum
Candelabrum	A lamp stand of any sort.
Candelabrum	A highly ornamented stand of marble or other ponderous material, usually having three feet, -- frequently a votive offering to a temple.
Candelabrum	A large candlestick, having several branches.
Candent	Heated to whiteness; glowing with heat.
Canderos	An East Indian resin, of a pellucid white color, from which small ornaments and toys are sometimes made.
Candescence	See Incandescence.
Candicant	Growing white.
Candid	White.
Candid	Free from undue bias; disposed to think and judge according to truth and justice, or without partiality or prejudice; fair; just; impartial; as, a candid opinion.
Candid	Open; frank; ingenuous; outspoken.
Candidacy	The position of a candidate; state of being a candidate; candidateship.
Candidate	One who offers himself, or is put forward by others, as a suitable person or an aspirant or contestant for an office, privilege, or honor; as, a candidate for the office of governor; a candidate for holy orders; a candidate for scholastic honors.
Candidateship	Candidacy.
Candidating	The taking of the position of a candidate; specifically, the preaching of a clergyman with a view to settlement.
Candidature	Candidacy.
Candidly	In a candid manner.
Candidness	The quality of being candid.
Candied	Preserved in or with sugar; incrusted with a candylike substance; as, candied fruits.
Candied	Converted wholly or partially into sugar or candy; as candied sirup.
Candied	Conted or more or less with sugar; as, candidied raisins
Candied	Figuratively; Honeyed; sweet; flattering.
Candied	Covered or incrusted with that which resembles sugar or candy.
Candify	To make or become white, or candied.
Candiot	Of or pertaining to Candia; Cretary.
Candite	A variety of spinel, of a dark color, found at Candy, in Ceylon.
Candle	A slender, cylindrical body of tallow, containing a wick composed of loosely twisted linen of cotton threads, and used to furnish light.
Candle	That which gives light; a luminary.
Candleberry tree	A shrub (the Myrica cerifera, or wax-bearing myrtle), common in North America, the little nuts of which are covered with a greenish white wax, which was formerly, used for hardening candles; -- also called bayberry tree, bayberry, or candleberry.
Candlebomb	A small glass bubble, filled with water, which, if placed in the flame of a candle, bursts by expansion of steam.
Candlebomb	A pasteboard shell used in signaling. It is filled with a composition which makes a brilliant light when it explodes.
Candle coal	See Cannel coal.
Candlefish	A marine fish (Thaleichthys Pacificus), allied to the smelt, found on the north Pacific coast; -- called also eulachon. It is so oily that, when dried, it may be used as a candle, by drawing a wick through it
Candlefish	The beshow.
Candleholder	One who, or that which, holds a candle; also, one who assists another, but is otherwise not of importance.
Candlelight	The light of a candle.
Candlemas	The second day of February, on which is celebrated the feast of the Purification of the Virgin Mary; -- so called because the candles for the altar or other sacred uses are blessed on that day.
Candlestick	An instrument or utensil for supporting a candle.
Candlewaster	One who consumes candles by being up late for study or dissipation.
Candock	A plant or weed that grows in rivers; a species of Equisetum; also, the yellow frog lily (Nuphar luteum).
Candor	Whiteness; brightness; (as applied to moral conditions) usullied purity; innocence.
Candor	A disposition to treat subjects with fairness; freedom from prejudice or disguise; frankness; sincerity.
Candroy	A machine for spreading out cotton cloths to prepare them for printing.
Candied	of Candy
Candying	of Candy
Candy	To conserve or boil in sugar; as, to candy fruits; to candy ginger.
Candy	To make sugar crystals of or in; to form into a mass resembling candy; as, to candy sirup.
Candy	To incrust with sugar or with candy, or with that which resembles sugar or candy.
Candy	To have sugar crystals form in or on; as, fruits preserved in sugar candy after a time.
Candy	To be formed into candy; to solidify in a candylike form or mass.
Candy	A more or less solid article of confectionery made by boiling sugar or molasses to the desired consistency, and than crystallizing, molding, or working in the required shape. It is often flavored or colored, and sometimes contains fruit, nuts, etc.
Candy	A weight, at Madras 500 pounds, at Bombay 560 pounds.
Candytuft	An annual plant of the genus Iberis, cultivated in gardens. The name was originally given to the I. umbellata, first, discovered in the island of Candia.
Cane	A name given to several peculiar palms, species of Calamus and Daemanorops, having very long, smooth flexible stems, commonly called rattans.
Cane	Any plant with long, hard, elastic stems, as reeds and bamboos of many kinds; also, the sugar cane.
Cane	Stems of other plants are sometimes called canes; as, the canes of a raspberry.
Cane	A walking stick; a staff; -- so called because originally made of one the species of cane.
Cane	A lance or dart made of cane.
Cane	A local European measure of length. See Canna.
Caned	of Cane
Caning	of Cane
Cane	To beat with a cane.
Cane	To make or furnish with cane or rattan; as, to cane chairs.
Canebrake	A thicket of canes.
Caned	Filled with white flakes; mothery; -- said vinegar when containing mother.
Canella	A genus of trees of the order Canellaceae, growing in the West Indies.
Canescent	Growing white, or assuming a color approaching to white.
Can hook	A device consisting of a short rope with flat hooks at each end, for hoisting casks or barrels by the ends of the staves.
Cannicula	The Dog Star; Sirius.
Canicular	Pertaining to, or measured, by the rising of the Dog Star.
Canicule	Canicula.
Caninal	See Canine, a.
Canine	Of or pertaining to the family Canidae, or dogs and wolves; having the nature or qualities of a dog; like that or those of a dog.
Canine	Of or pertaining to the pointed tooth on each side the incisors.
Canine	A canine tooth.
Canes	of Canis
Canis	A genus of carnivorous mammals, of the family Canidae, including the dogs and wolves.
Canister	A small basket of rushes, reeds, or willow twigs, etc.
Canister	A small box or case for holding tea, coffee, etc.
Canister	A kind of case shot for cannon, in which a number of lead or iron balls in layers are inclosed in a case fitting the gun; -- called also canister shot.
Canker	A corroding or sloughing ulcer; esp. a spreading gangrenous ulcer or collection of ulcers in or about the mouth; -- called also water canker, canker of the mouth, and noma.
Canker	Anything which corrodes, corrupts, or destroy.
Canker	A disease incident to trees, causing the bark to rot and fall off.
Canker	An obstinate and often incurable disease of a horse's foot, characterized by separation of the horny portion and the development of fungoid growths; -- usually resulting from neglected thrush.
Canker	A kind of wild, worthless rose; the dog-rose.
Cankered	of Canker
Cankering	of Canker
Canker	To affect as a canker; to eat away; to corrode; to consume.
Canker	To infect or pollute; to corrupt.
Canker	To waste away, grow rusty, or be oxidized, as a mineral.
Canker	To be or become diseased, or as if diseased, with canker; to grow corrupt; to become venomous.
Canker-bit	Eaten out by canker, or as by canker.
Canker bloom	The bloom or blossom of the wild rose or dog-rose.
Canker blossom	That which blasts a blossom as a canker does.
Cankered	Affected with canker; as, a cankered mouth.
Cankered	Affected mentally or morally as with canker; sore, envenomed; malignant; fretful; ill-natured.
Cankeredly	Fretfully; spitefully.
Canker fly	A fly that preys on fruit.
Cankerous	Affecting like a canker.
Canker rash	A form of scarlet fever characterized by ulcerated or putrid sore throat.
Cankerworm	The larva of two species of geometrid moths which are very injurious to fruit and shade trees by eating, and often entirely destroying, the foliage. Other similar larvae are also called cankerworms.
Cankery	Like a canker; full of canker.
Cankery	Surly; sore; malignant.
Canna	A measure of length in Italy, varying from six to seven feet. See Cane, 4.
Canna	A genus of tropical plants, with large leaves and often with showy flowers. The Indian shot (C. Indica) is found in gardens of the northern United States.
Cannabene	A colorless oil obtained from hemp by distillation, and possessing its intoxicating properties.
Cannabin	A poisonous resin extracted from hemp (Cannabis sativa, variety Indica). The narcotic effects of hasheesh are due to this resin.
Cannabine	Pertaining to hemp; hempen.
Cannabis	A genus of a single species belonging to the order Uricaceae; hemp.
Cannel coal	A kind of mineral coal of a black color, sufficiently hard and solid to be cut and polished. It burns readily, with a clear, yellow flame, and on this account has been used as a substitute for candles.
Cannery	A place where the business of canning fruit, meat, etc., is carried on.
Cannibal	A human being that eats human flesh; hence, any that devours its own kind.
Cannibal	Relating to cannibals or cannibalism.
Cannibalism	The act or practice of eating human flesh by mankind. Hence; Murderous cruelty; barbarity.
Cannibally	In the manner of cannibal.
Cannikin	A small can or drinking vessel.
Cannily	In a canny manner.
Canniness	Caution; crafty management.
Cannons	of Cannon
Cannon	of Cannon
Cannon	A great gun; a piece of ordnance or artillery; a firearm for discharging heavy shot with great force.
Cannon	A hollow cylindrical piece carried by a revolving shaft, on which it may, however, revolve independently.
Cannon	A kind of type. See Canon.
Cannon	See Carom.
Cannonade	The act of discharging cannon and throwing ball, shell, etc., for the purpose of destroying an army, or battering a town, ship, or fort; -- usually, an attack of some continuance.
Cannonade	Fig.; A loud noise like a cannonade; a booming.
Cannonade	of Cannonade
Cannonading	of Cannonade
Cannonade	To attack with heavy artillery; to batter with cannon shot.
Cannonade	To discharge cannon; as, the army cannonaded all day.
Cannon bone	See Canon Bone.
Cannoned	Furnished with cannon.
Cannoneer	Alt. of Cannonier
Cannonier	A man who manages, or fires, cannon.
Cannonering	The use of cannon.
Cannonry	Cannon, collectively; artillery.
Cannot	Am, is, or are, not able; -- written either as one word or two.
Cannula	A small tube of metal, wood, or India rubber, used for various purposes, esp. for injecting or withdrawing fluids. It is usually associated with a trocar.
Cannular	Having the form of a tube; tubular.
Cannulated	Hollow; affording a passage through its interior length for wire, thread, etc.; as, a cannulated (suture) needle.
Canny	Alt. of Cannei
Cannei	Artful; cunning; shrewd; wary.
Cannei	Skillful; knowing; capable.
Cannei	Cautious; prudent; safe..
Cannei	Having pleasing or useful qualities; gentle.
Cannei	Reputed to have magical powers.
Canoes	of Canoe
Canoe	A boat used by rude nations, formed of trunk of a tree, excavated, by cutting of burning, into a suitable shape. It is propelled by a paddle or paddles, or sometimes by sail, and has no rudder.
Canoe	A boat made of bark or skins, used by savages.
Canoe	A light pleasure boat, especially designed for use by one who goes alone upon long excursions, including portage. It it propelled by a paddle, or by a small sail attached to a temporary mast.
Canoed	of Canoe
Canoeing	of Canoe
Canoe	To manage a canoe, or voyage in a canoe.
Canoeing	The act or art of using a canoe.
Canoeist	A canoeman.
Canoemen	of Canoeman
Canoeman	One who uses a canoe; one who travels in a canoe.
Canon	A law or rule.
Canon	A law, or rule of doctrine or discipline, enacted by a council and confirmed by the pope or the sovereign; a decision, regulation, code, or constitution made by ecclesiastical authority.
Canon	The collection of books received as genuine Holy Scriptures, called the sacred canon, or general rule of moral and religious duty, given by inspiration; the Bible; also, any one of the canonical Scriptures. See Canonical books, under Canonical, a.
Canon	In monasteries, a book containing the rules of a religious order.
Canon	A catalogue of saints acknowledged and canonized in the Roman Catholic Church.
Canon	A member of a cathedral chapter; a person who possesses a prebend in a cathedral or collegiate church.
Canon	A musical composition in which the voices begin one after another, at regular intervals, successively taking up the same subject. It either winds up with a coda (tailpiece), or, as each voice finishes, commences anew, thus forming a perpetual fugue or round. It is the strictest form of imitation. See Imitation.
Canon	The largest size of type having a specific name; -- so called from having been used for printing the canons of the church.
Canon	The part of a bell by which it is suspended; -- called also ear and shank.
Canon	See Carom.
Caon	A deep gorge, ravine, or gulch, between high and steep banks, worn by water courses.
Canon bit	That part of a bit which is put in a horse's mouth.
Canon bone	The shank bone, or great bone above the fetlock, in the fore and hind legs of the horse and allied animals, corresponding to the middle metacarpal or metatarsal bone of most mammals. See Horse.
Canoness	A woman who holds a canonry in a conventual chapter.
Canonic	Alt. of Cannonical
Cannonical	Of or pertaining to a canon; established by, or according to a , canon or canons.
Canonically	In a canonical manner; according to the canons.
Canonicalness	The quality of being canonical; canonicity.
Canonicals	The dress prescribed by canon to be worn by a clergyman when officiating. Sometimes, any distinctive professional dress.
Canonicate	The office of a canon; a canonry.
Canonicity	The state or quality of being canonical; agreement with the canon.
Canonist	A professor of canon law; one skilled in the knowledge and practice of ecclesiastical law.
Canonistic	Of or pertaining to a canonist.
Canonization	The final process or decree (following beatifacation) by which the name of a deceased person is placed in the catalogue (canon) of saints and commended to perpetual veneration and invocation.
Canonization	The state of being canonized or sainted.
Canonized	of Canonize
Canonizing	of Canonize
Canonize	To declare (a deceased person) a saint; to put in the catalogue of saints; as, Thomas a Becket was canonized.
Canonize	To glorify; to exalt to the highest honor.
Canonize	To rate as inspired; to include in the canon.
Canonry	A benefice or prebend in a cathedral or collegiate church; a right to a place in chapter and to a portion of its revenues; the dignity or emoluments of a canon.
Canonship	Of or pertaining to Canopus in Egypt; as, the Canopic vases, used in embalming.
Canopus	A star of the first magnitude in the southern constellation Argo.
Canopies	of Canopy
Canopy	A covering fixed over a bed, dais, or the like, or carried on poles over an exalted personage or a sacred object, etc. chiefly as a mark of honor.
Canopy	An ornamental projection, over a door, window, niche, etc.
Canopy	Also, a rooflike covering, supported on pillars over an altar, a statue, a fountain, etc.
Canopes	of Canopy
Canopying	of Canopy
Canopy	To cover with, or as with, a canopy.
Canorous	Melodious; musical.
Canorousness	The quality of being musical.
Canstick	Candlestick.
Cant	A corner; angle; niche.
Cant	An outer or external angle.
Cant	An inclination from a horizontal or vertical line; a slope or bevel; a titl.
Cant	A sudden thrust, push, kick, or other impulse, producing a bias or change of direction; also, the bias or turn so give; as, to give a ball a cant.
Cant	A segment forming a side piece in the head of a cask.
Cant	A segment of he rim of a wooden cogwheel.
Cant	A piece of wood laid upon the deck of a vessel to support the bulkheads.
Canted	of Cant
Canting	of Cant
Cant	To incline; to set at an angle; to tilt over; to tip upon the edge; as, to cant a cask; to cant a ship.
Cant	To give a sudden turn or new direction to; as, to cant round a stick of timber; to cant a football.
Cant	To cut off an angle from, as from a square piece of timber, or from the head of a bolt.
Cant	An affected, singsong mode of speaking.
Cant	The idioms and peculiarities of speech in any sect, class, or occupation.
Cant	The use of religious phraseology without understanding or sincerity; empty, solemn speech, implying what is not felt; hypocrisy.
Cant	Vulgar jargon; slang; the secret language spoker by gipsies, thieves, tramps, or beggars.
Cant	Of the nature of cant; affected; vulgar.
Cant	To speak in a whining voice, or an affected, singsong tone.
Cant	To make whining pretensions to goodness; to talk with an affectation of religion, philanthropy, etc.; to practice hypocrisy; as, a canting fanatic.
Cant	To use pretentious language, barbarous jargon, or technical terms; to talk with an affectation of learning.
Cant	A call for bidders at a public sale; an auction.
Cant	to sell by auction, or bid a price at a sale by auction.
Can't	A colloquial contraction for can not.
Cantab	A Cantabrigian.
Cantabile	In a melodious, flowing style; in a singing style, as opposed to bravura, recitativo, or parlando.
Cantabile	A piece or passage, whether vocal or instrumental, peculiarly adapted to singing; -- sometimes called cantilena.
Cantabrian	Of or pertaining to Cantabria on the Bay of Biscay in Spain.
Cantabrigian	A native or resident of Cambridge; esp. a student or graduate of the university of Cambridge, England.
Cantalever	A bracket to support a balcony, a cornice, or the like.
Cantalever	A projecting beam, truss, or bridge unsupported at the outer end; one which overhangs.
Cantaloupe	A muskmelon of several varieties, having when mature, a yellowish skin, and flesh of a reddish orange color.
Cantankerous	Perverse; contentious; ugly; malicious.
Cantar	Alt. of Cantarro
Cantarro	A weight used in southern Europe and East for heavy articles. It varies in different localities; thus, at Rome it is nearly 75 pounds, in Sardinia nearly 94 pounds, in Cairo it is 95 pounds, in Syria about 503 pounds.
Cantarro	A liquid measure in Spain, ranging from two and a half to four gallons.
Cantata	A poem set to music; a musical composition comprising choruses, solos, interludes, etc., arranged in a somewhat dramatic manner; originally, a composition for a single noise, consisting of both recitative and melody.
Cantation	A singing.
Cantatory	Containing cant or affectation; whining; singing.
Cantatrice	A female professional singer.
Canted	Having angles; as, a six canted bolt head; a canted window.
Canted	Inclined at an angle to something else; tipped; sloping.
Canteen	A vessel used by soldiers for carrying water, liquor, or other drink.
Canteen	The sutler's shop in a garrison; also, a chest containing culinary and other vessels for officers.
Cantel	See Cantle.
Canter	A moderate and easy gallop adapted to pleasure riding.
Canter	A rapid or easy passing over.
Cantered	of Canter
Cantering	of Canter
Canter	To move in a canter.
Canter	To cause, as a horse, to go at a canter; to ride (a horse) at a canter.
Canter	One who cants or whines; a beggar.
Canter	One who makes hypocritical pretensions to goodness; one who uses canting language.
Canterbury	A city in England, giving its name various articles. It is the seat of the Archbishop of Canterbury (primate of all England), and contains the shrine of Thomas a Becket, to which pilgrimages were formerly made.
Canterbury	A stand with divisions in it for holding music, loose papers, etc.
Cantharidal	Of or pertaining to cantharides or made of cantharides; as, cantharidal plaster.
Cantharides	See Cantharis.
Cantharidin	The active principle of the cantharis, or Spanish fly, a volatile, acrid, bitter solid, crystallizing in four-sided prisms.
Cantharides	of Cantharis
Cantharis	A beetle (Lytta, / Cantharis, vesicatoria), havin1g an elongated cylindrical body of a brilliant green color, and a nauseous odor; the blister fly or blister beetle, of the apothecary; -- also called Spanish fly. Many other species of Lytta, used for the same purpose, take the same name. See Blister beetle, under Blister. The plural form in usually applied to the dried insects used in medicine.
Cant hook	A wooden lever with a movable iron hook. hear the end; -- used for canting or turning over heavy logs, etc.
Canthoplasty	The operation of forming a new canthus, when one has been destroyed by injury or disease.
Canthi	of Canthus
Canthus	The corner where the upper and under eyelids meet on each side of the eye.
Canticles	of Canticle
Canticle	A song; esp. a little song or hymn.
Canticle	The Song of Songs or Song of Solomon, one of the books of the Old Testament.
Canticle	A canto or division of a poem
Canticle	A psalm, hymn, or passage from the Bible, arranged for chanting in church service.
Canticoy	A social gathering; usually, one for dancing.
Cantile	Same as Cantle, v. t.
Cantilena	See Cantabile.
Cantilever	Same as Cantalever.
Cantillate	To chant; to recite with musical tones.
Cantillation	A chanting; recitation or reading with musical modulations.
Cantine	See Canteen.
Canting	Speaking in a whining tone of voice; using technical or religious terms affectedly; affectedly pious; as, a canting rogue; a canting tone.
Canting	The use of cant; hypocrisy.
Cantiniere	A woman who carries a canteen for soldiers; a vivandiere.
Cantion	A song or verses.
Cantle	A corner or edge of anything; a piece; a fragment; a part.
Cantle	The upwardly projecting rear part of saddle, opposite to the pommel.
Cantle	To cut in pieces; to cut out from.
Cantlet	A piece; a fragment; a corner.
Cantos	of Canto
Canto	One of the chief divisions of a long poem; a book.
Canto	The highest vocal part; the air or melody in choral music; anciently the tenor, now the soprano.
Canton	A song or canto
Canton	A small portion; a division; a compartment.
Canton	A small community or clan.
Canton	A small territorial district; esp. one of the twenty-two independent states which form the Swiss federal republic; in France, a subdivision of an arrondissement. See Arrondissement.
Canton	A division of a shield occupying one third part of the chief, usually on the dexter side, formed by a perpendicular line from the top of the shield, meeting a horizontal line from the side.
Cantoned	of Canton
Cantoning	of Canton
Canton	To divide into small parts or districts; to mark off or separate, as a distinct portion or division.
Canton	To allot separate quarters to, as to different parts or divisions of an army or body of troops.
Cantonal	Of or pertaining to a canton or cantons; of the nature of a canton.
Canton crape	A soft, white or colored silk fabric, of a gauzy texture and wavy appearance, used for ladies' scarfs, shawls, bonnet trimmings, etc.; -- called also Oriental crape.
Cantoned	Having a charge in each of the four corners; -- said of a cross on a shield, and also of the shield itself.
Cantoned	Having the angles marked by, or decorated with, projecting moldings or small columns; as, a cantoned pier or pilaster.
Canton flannel	See Cotton flannel.
Cantonize	To divide into cantons or small districts.
Cantonment	A town or village, or part of a town or village, assigned to a body of troops for quarters; temporary shelter or place of rest for an army; quarters.
Cantoon	A cotton stuff showing a fine cord on one side and a satiny surface on the other.
Cantor	A singer; esp. the leader of a church choir; a precentor.
Cantoral	Of or belonging to a cantor.
Cantoris	Of or pertaining to a cantor; as, the cantoris side of a choir; a cantoris stall.
Cantrap	Alt. of Cantrip
Cantrip	A charm; an incantation; a shell; a trick; adroit mischief.
Cantred	Alt. of Cantref
Cantref	A district comprising a hundred villages, as in Wales.
Canty	Cheerful; sprightly; lively; merry.
Canuck	A Canadian.
Canuck	A small or medium-sized hardy horse, common in Canada.
Canula	Alt. of Canulated
Canular	Alt. of Canulated
Canulated	See Cannula, Cannular, and Cannulated.
Canvas	A strong cloth made of hemp, flax, or cotton; -- used for tents, sails, etc.
Canvas	A coarse cloth so woven as to form regular meshes for working with the needle, as in tapestry, or worsted work.
Canvas	A piece of strong cloth of which the surface has been prepared to receive painting, commonly painting in oil.
Canvas	Something for which canvas is used: (a) A sail, or a collection of sails. (b) A tent, or a collection of tents. (c) A painting, or a picture on canvas.
Canvas	A rough draft or model of a song, air, or other literary or musical composition; esp. one to show a poet the measure of the verses he is to make.
Canvas	Made of, pertaining to, or resembling, canvas or coarse cloth; as, a canvas tent.
Canvasback	A Species of duck (Aythya vallisneria), esteemed for the delicacy of its flesh. It visits the United States in autumn; particularly Chesapeake Bay and adjoining waters; -- so named from the markings of the plumage on its back.
Canvassed	of Canvass
Canvassing	of Canvass
Canvass	To sift; to strain; to examine thoroughly; to scrutinize; as, to canvass the votes cast at an election; to canvass a district with reference to its probable vote.
Canvass	To examine by discussion; to debate.
Canvass	To go trough, with personal solicitation or public addresses; as, to canvass a district for votes; to canvass a city for subscriptions.
Canvass	To search thoroughly; to engage in solicitation by traversing a district; as, to canvass for subscriptions or for votes; to canvass for a book, a publisher, or in behalf of a charity; -- commonly followed by for.
Canvass	Close inspection; careful review for verification; as, a canvass of votes.
Canvass	Examination in the way of discussion or debate.
Canvass	Search; exploration; solicitation; systematic effort to obtain votes, subscribers, etc.
Canvasser	One who canvasses.
Cany	Of or pertaining to cane or canes; abounding with canes.
Canyon	The English form of the Spanish word Caon.
Canzone	A song or air for one or more voices, of Provencal origin, resembling, though not strictly, the madrigal.
Canzone	An instrumental piece in the madrigal style.
Canzonet	A short song, in one or more parts.
Caoutchin	An inflammable, volatile, oily, liquid hydrocarbon, obtained by the destructive distillation of caoutchouc.
Caoutchouc	A tenacious, elastic, gummy substance obtained from the milky sap of several plants of tropical South America (esp. the euphorbiaceous tree Siphonia elastica or Hevea caoutchouc), Asia, and Africa. Being impermeable to liquids and gases, and not readly affected by exposure to air, acids, and alkalies, it is used, especially when vulcanized, for many purposes in the arts and in manufactures. Also called India rubber (because it was first brought from India, and was formerly used chiefly for erasing pencil marks) and gum elastic. See Vulcanization.
Caoutchoucin	See Caoutchin.
Cap	A covering for the head
Cap	One usually with a visor but without a brim, for men and boys
Cap	One of lace, muslin, etc., for women, or infants
Cap	One used as the mark or ensign of some rank, office, or dignity, as that of a cardinal.
Cap	The top, or uppermost part; the chief.
Cap	A respectful uncovering of the head.
Cap	The whole top of the head of a bird from the base of the bill to the nape of the neck.
Cap	Anything resembling a cap in form, position, or use
Cap	The uppermost of any assemblage of parts; as, the cap of column, door, etc.; a capital, coping, cornice, lintel, or plate.
Cap	Something covering the top or end of a thing for protection or ornament.
Cap	A collar of iron or wood used in joining spars, as the mast and the topmast, the bowsprit and the jib boom; also, a covering of tarred canvas at the end of a rope.
Cap	A percussion cap. See under Percussion.
Cap	The removable cover of a journal box.
Cap	A portion of a spherical or other convex surface.
Cap	A large size of writing paper; as, flat cap; foolscap; legal cap.
Capped	of Cap
Capping	of Cap
Cap	To cover with a cap, or as with a cap; to provide with a cap or cover; to cover the top or end of; to place a cap upon the proper part of; as, to cap a post; to cap a gun.
Cap	To deprive of cap.
Cap	To complete; to crown; to bring to the highest point or consummation; as, to cap the climax of absurdity.
Cap	To salute by removing the cap.
Cap	To match; to mate in contest; to furnish a complement to; as, to cap text; to cap proverbs.
Cap	To uncover the head respectfully.
Capabilities	of Capability
Capability	The quality of being capable; capacity; capableness; esp. intellectual power or ability.
Capability	Capacity of being used or improved.
Capable	Possessing ability, qualification, or susceptibility; having capacity; of sufficient size or strength; as, a room capable of holding a large number; a castle capable of resisting a long assault.
Capable	Possessing adequate power; qualified; able; fully competent; as, a capable instructor; a capable judge; a mind capable of nice investigations.
Capable	Possessing legal power or capacity; as, a man capable of making a contract, or a will.
Capable	Capacious; large; comprehensive.
Capableness	The quality or state of being capable; capability; adequateness; competency.
Capacified	of Capacify
Capacify	To quality.
Capacious	Having capacity; able to contain much; large; roomy; spacious; extended; broad; as, a capacious vessel, room, bay, or harbor.
Capacious	Able or qualified to make large views of things, as in obtaining knowledge or forming designs; comprehensive; liberal.
Capaciosly	In a capacious manner or degree; comprehensively.
Capaciousness	The quality of being capacious, as of a vessel, a reservoir a bay, the mind, etc.
Capacitated	of Capacitate
Capacitating	of Capacitate
Capacitate	To render capable; to enable; to qualify.
Capacities	of Capacity
Capacity	The power of receiving or containing; extent of room or space; passive power; -- used in reference to physical things.
Capacity	The power of receiving and holding ideas, knowledge, etc.; the comprehensiveness of the mind; the receptive faculty; capability of undestanding or feeling.
Capacity	Ability; power pertaining to, or resulting from, the possession of strength, wealth, or talent; possibility of being or of doing.
Capacity	Outward condition or circumstances; occupation; profession; character; position; as, to work in the capacity of a mason or a carpenter.
Capacity	Legal or noral qualification, as of age, residence, character, etc., necessary for certain purposes, as for holding office, for marrying, for making contracts, will, etc.; legal power or right; competency.
Capape	See Cap-a-pie.
Capapie	From head to foot; at all points.
Caparison	An ornamental covering or housing for a horse; the harness or trappings of a horse, taken collectively, esp. when decorative.
Caparison	Gay or rich clothing.
Caparisoned	of Caparison
Caparisoning	of Caparison
Caparison	To cover with housings, as a horse; to harness or fit out with decorative trappings, as a horse.
Caparison	To aborn with rich dress; to dress.
Caparro	A large South American monkey (Lagothrix Humboldtii), with prehensile tail.
Capcase	A small traveling case or bandbox; formerly, a chest.
Cape	A piece or point of land, extending beyond the adjacent coast into the sea or a lake; a promontory; a headland.
Cape	To head or point; to keep a course; as, the ship capes southwest by south.
Cape	A sleeveless garment or part of a garment, hanging from the neck over the back, arms, and shoulders, but not reaching below the hips. See Cloak.
Cape	To gape.
Capel	Alt. of Caple
Caple	A horse; a nag.
Capel	A composite stone (quartz, schorl, and hornblende) in the walls of tin and copper lodes.
Capelan	See Capelin.
Capelin	A small marine fish (Mallotus villosus) of the family Salmonidae, very abundant on the coasts of Greenland, Iceland, Newfoundland, and Alaska. It is used as a bait for the cod.
Cappeline	A hood-shaped bandage for the head, the shoulder, or the stump of an amputated limb.
Capella	A brilliant star in the constellation Auriga.
Capellane	The curate of a chapel; a chaplain.
Capelle	The private orchestra or band of a prince or of a church.
Capellet	A swelling, like a wen, on the point of the elbow (or the heel of the hock) of a horse, caused probably by bruises in lying down.
Capellmeister	The musical director in royal or ducal chapel; a choir-master.
Capered	of Caper
Capering	of Caper
Caper	To leap or jump about in a sprightly manner; to cut capers; to skip; to spring; to prance; to dance.
Caper	A frolicsome leap or spring; a skip; a jump, as in mirth or dancing; a prank.
Caper	A vessel formerly used by the Dutch, privateer.
Caper	The pungent grayish green flower bud of the European and Oriental caper (Capparis spinosa), much used for pickles.
Caper	A plant of the genus Capparis; -- called also caper bush, caper tree.
Caperberry	The small olive-shaped berry of the European and Oriental caper, said to be used in pickles and as a condiment.
Caperberry	The currantlike fruit of the African and Arabian caper (Capparis sodado).
Caper bush	Alt. of Caper tree
Caper tree	See Capper, a plant, 2.
Capercailzie	Alt. of Capercally
Capercally	A species of grouse (Tetrao uragallus) of large size and fine flavor, found in northern Europe and formerly in Scotland; -- called also cock of the woods.
Caperclaw	To treat with cruel playfulness, as a cat treats a mouse; to abuse.
Caperer	One who capers, leaps, and skips about, or dances.
Capful	As much as will fill a cap.
Capias	A writ or process commanding the officer to take the body of the person named in it, that is, to arrest him; -- also called writ of capias.
Capibara	See Capybara.
Capillaceous	Having long filaments; resembling a hair; slender. See Capillary.
Capillaire	A sirup prepared from the maiden-hair, formerly supposed to have medicinal properties.
Capillaire	Any simple sirup flavored with orange flowers.
Capillament	A filament.
Capillament	Any villous or hairy covering; a fine fiber or filament, as of the nerves.
Capillariness	The quality of being capillary.
Capillarity	The quality or condition of being capillary.
Capillarity	The peculiar action by which the surface of a liquid, where it is in contact with a solid (as in a capillary tube), is elevated or depressed; capillary attraction.
Capillary	Resembling a hair; fine; minute; very slender; having minute tubes or interspaces; having very small bore; as, the capillary vessels of animals and plants.
Capillary	Pertaining to capillary tubes or vessels; as, capillary action.
Capillary	A tube or vessel, extremely fine or minute.
Capillary	A minute, thin-walled vessel; particularly one of the smallest blood vessels connecting arteries and veins, but used also for the smallest lymphatic and biliary vessels.
Capillation	A capillary blood vessel.
Capillature	A bush of hair; frizzing of the hair.
Capilliform	In the shape or form of, a hair, or of hairs.
Capillose	Having much hair; hairy.
Capistrate	Hooded; cowled.
Capital	Of or pertaining to the head.
Capital	Having reference to, or involving, the forfeiture of the head or life; affecting life; punishable with death; as, capital trials; capital punishment.
Capital	First in importance; chief; principal.
Capital	Chief, in a political sense, as being the seat of the general government of a state or nation; as, Washington and Paris are capital cities.
Capital	Of first rate quality; excellent; as, a capital speech or song.
Capital	The head or uppermost member of a column, pilaster, etc. It consists generally of three parts, abacus, bell (or vase), and necking. See these terms, and Column.
Capital	The seat of government; the chief city or town in a country; a metropolis.
Capital	Money, property, or stock employed in trade, manufactures, etc.; the sum invested or lent, as distinguished from the income or interest. See Capital stock, under Capital, a.
Capital	That portion of the produce of industry, which may be directly employed either to support human beings or to assist in production.
Capital	Anything which can be used to increase one's power or influence.
Capital	An imaginary line dividing a bastion, ravelin, or other work, into two equal parts.
Capital	A chapter, or section, of a book.
Capital	See Capital letter, under Capital, a.
Capitalist	One who has capital; one who has money for investment, or money invested; esp. a person of large property, which is employed in business.
Capitalization	The act or process of capitalizing.
Capitalized	of Capitalize
Capitalizing	of Capitalize
Capitalize	To convert into capital, or to use as capital.
Capitalize	To compute, appraise, or assess the capital value of (a patent right, an annuity, etc.)
Capitalize	To print in capital letters, or with an initial capital.
Capitally	In a way involving the forfeiture of the head or life; as, to punish capitally.
Capitally	In a capital manner; excellently.
Capitalness	The quality of being capital; preeminence.
Capitan Pasha	Alt. of Pacha
Pacha	The chief admiral of the Turkish fleet.
Capitate	Headlike in form; also, having the distal end enlarged and rounded, as the stigmas of certain flowers.
Capitate	Having the flowers gathered into a head.
Capitatim	Of so much per head; as, a capitatim tax; a capitatim grant.
Capitation	A numbering of heads or individuals.
Capitation	A tax upon each head or person, without reference to property; a poll tax.
Capite	See under Tenant.
Capitellate	Having a very small knoblike termination, or collected into minute capitula.
Capitibranchiata	A division of annelids in which the gills arise from or near the head. See Tubicola.
Capitol	The temple of Jupiter, at Rome, on the Mona Capitolinus, where the Senate met.
Capitol	The edifice at Washington occupied by the Congress of the United States; also, the building in which the legislature of State holds its sessions; a statehouse.
Capitolian	Alt. of Capitoline
Capitoline	Of or pertaining to the Capitol in Rome.
Capitula	See Capitulum.
Capitular	An act passed in a chapter.
Capitular	A member of a chapter.
Capitular	The head or prominent part.
Capitular	Of or pertaining to a chapter; capitulary.
Capitular	Growing in, or pertaining to, a capitulum.
Capitular	Pertaining to a capitulum; as, the capitular process of a vertebra, the process which articulates with the capitulum of a rib.
Capitularly	In the manner or form of an ecclesiastical chapter.
Capitularies	of Capitulary
Capitulary	A capitular.
Capitulary	The body of laws or statutes of a chapter, or of an ecclesiastical council.
Capitulary	A collection of laws or statutes, civil and ecclesiastical, esp. of the Frankish kings, in chapters or sections.
Capitulary	Relating to the chapter of a cathedral; capitular.
Capitulated	of Capitulate
Capitulating	of Capitulate
Capitulate	To settle or draw up the heads or terms of an agreement, as in chapters or articles; to agree.
Capitulate	To surrender on terms agreed upon (usually, drawn up under several heads); as, an army or a garrison capitulates.
Capitulate	To surrender or transfer, as an army or a fortress, on certain conditions.
Capitulation	A reducing to heads or articles; a formal agreement.
Capitulation	The act of capitulating or surrendering to an emeny upon stipulated terms.
Capitulation	The instrument containing the terms of an agreement or surrender.
Capitulator	One who capitulates.
Capitule	A summary.
Capitulum	A thick head of flowers on a very short axis, as a clover top, or a dandelion; a composite flower. A capitulum may be either globular or flat.
Capitulum	A knoblike protuberance of any part, esp. at the end of a bone or cartilage. [See Illust. of Artiodactyla.]
Capivi	A balsam of the Spanish West Indies. See Copaiba.
Caple	See Capel.
Caplin	See Capelin.
Caplin	Alt. of Capling
Capling	The cap or coupling of a flail, through which the thongs pass which connect the handle and swingel.
Capnomancy	Divination by means of the ascent or motion of smoke.
Capnomor	A limpid, colorless oil with a peculiar odor, obtained from beech tar.
Capoc	A sort of cotton so short and fine that it can not be spun, used in the East Indies to line palanquins, to make mattresses, etc.
Capoches	of Capoch
Capoch	A hood; especially, the hood attached to the gown of a monk.
Capoched	of Capoch
Capoch	To cover with, or as with, a hood; hence, to hoodwink or blind.
Capon	A castrated cock, esp. when fattened; a male chicken gelded to improve his flesh for the table.
Capon	To castrate; to make a capon of.
Caponet	A young capon.
Caponiere	A work made across or in the ditch, to protect it from the enemy, or to serve as a covered passageway.
Caponize	To castrate, as a fowl.
Capot	A winning of all the tricks at the game of piquet. It counts for forty points.
Capotted	of Capot
Capot	To win all the tricks from, in playing at piquet.
Capote	A long cloak or overcoat, especially one with a hood.
Capouch	Same as Capoch.
Cappadine	A floss or waste obtained from the cocoon after the silk has been reeled off, used for shag.
Cappaper	See cap, n., also Paper, n.
Cappeak	The front piece of a cap; -- now more commonly called visor.
Cappella	See A cappella.
Capper	One whose business is to make or sell caps.
Capper	A by-bidder; a decoy for gamblers [Slang, U. S.].
Capper	An instrument for applying a percussion cap to a gun or cartridge.
Capping plane	A plane used for working the upper surface of staircase rails.
Capra	A genus of ruminants, including the common goat.
Caprate	A salt of capric acid.
Capreolate	Having a tendril or tendrils.
Capreoline	Of or pertaining to the roebuck.
Capric	Of or pertaining to capric acid or its derivatives.
Cariccio	A piece in a free form, with frequent digressions from the theme; a fantasia; -- often called caprice.
Cariccio	A caprice; a freak; a fancy.
Capricioso	In a free, fantastic style.
Caprice	An abrupt change in feeling, opinion, or action, proceeding from some whim or fancy; a freak; a notion.
Caprice	See Capriccio.
Capricious	Governed or characterized by caprice; apt to change suddenly; freakish; whimsical; changeable.
Capricorn	The tenth sign of zodiac, into which the sun enters at the winter solstice, about December 21. See Tropic.
Capricorn	A southern constellation, represented on ancient monuments by the figure of a goat, or a figure with its fore part like a fish.
Caprid	Of or pertaining to the tribe of ruminants of which the goat, or genus Capra, is the type.
Caprification	The practice of hanging, upon the cultivated fig tree, branches of the wild fig infested with minute hymenopterous insects.
Caprifole	The woodbine or honeysuckle.
Caprifoliaceous	Of, pertaining to, or resembling, the Honeysuckle family of plants (Caprifoliacae.
Capriform	Having the form of a goat.
Caprigenous	Of the goat kind.
Caprine	Of or pertaining to a goat; as, caprine gambols.
Capriole	A leap that a horse makes with all fours, upwards only, without advancing, but with a kick or jerk of the hind legs when at the height of the leap.
Capriole	A leap or caper, as in dancing.
Capriole	To perform a capriole.
Capriped	Having feet like those of a goat.
Caproate	A salt of caproic acid.
Caproic	See under Capric.
Caprylate	A salt of caprylic acid.
Caprylic	See under Capric.
Capsaicin	A colorless crystalline substance extracted from the Capsicum annuum, and giving off vapors of intense acridity.
Capsheaf	The top sheaf of a stack of grain: (fig.) the crowning or finishing part of a thing.
Capsicin	A red liquid or soft resin extracted from various species of capsicum.
Capsicine	A volatile alkaloid extracted from Capsicum annuum or from capsicin.
Capsicum	A genus of plants of many species, producing capsules or dry berries of various forms, which have an exceedingly pungent, biting taste, and when ground form the red or Cayenne pepper of commerce.
Capsized	of Capsize
Capsizing	of Capsize
Capsize	To upset or overturn, as a vessel or other body.
Capsize	An upset or overturn.
Capsquare	A metal covering plate which passes over the trunnions of a cannon, and holds it in place.
Capstan	A vertical cleated drum or cylinder, revolving on an upright spindle, and surmounted by a drumhead with sockets for bars or levers. It is much used, especially on shipboard, for moving or raising heavy weights or exerting great power by traction upon a rope or cable, passing around the drum. It is operated either by steam power or by a number of men walking around the capstan, each pushing on the end of a lever fixed in its socket.
Capstone	A fossil echinus of the genus Cannulus; -- so called from its supposed resemblance to a cap.
Capsular	Alt. of Capsulary
Capsulary	Of or pertaining to a capsule; having the nature of a capsule; hollow and fibrous.
Capsulate	Alt. of Capsulated
Capsulated	Inclosed in a capsule, or as in a chest or box.
Capsule	a dry fruit or pod which is made up of several parts or carpels, and opens to discharge the seeds, as, the capsule of the poppy, the flax, the lily, etc.
Capsule	A small saucer of clay for roasting or melting samples of ores, etc.; a scorifier.
Capsule	a small, shallow, evaporating dish, usually of porcelain.
Capsule	A small cylindrical or spherical gelatinous envelope in which nauseous or acrid doses are inclosed to be swallowed.
Capsule	A membranous sac containing fluid, or investing an organ or joint; as, the capsule of the lens of the eye. Also, a capsulelike organ.
Capsule	A metallic seal or cover for closing a bottle.
Capsule	A small cup or shell, as of metal, for a percussion cap, cartridge, etc.
Captain	A head, or chief officer
Captain	The military officer who commands a company, troop, or battery, or who has the rank entitling him to do so though he may be employed on other service.
Captain	An officer in the United States navy, next above a commander and below a commodore, and ranking with a colonel in the army.
Captain	By courtesy, an officer actually commanding a vessel, although not having the rank of captain.
Captain	The master or commanding officer of a merchant vessel.
Captain	One in charge of a portion of a ship's company; as, a captain of a top, captain of a gun, etc.
Captain	The foreman of a body of workmen.
Captain	A person having authority over others acting in concert; as, the captain of a boat's crew; the captain of a football team.
Captain	A military leader; a warrior.
Captain	To act as captain of; to lead.
Captain	Chief; superior.
Captaincy	The rank, post, or commission of a captain.
Captainry	Power, or command, over a certain district; chieftainship.
Captainship	The condition, rank, post, or authority of a captain or chief commander.
Captainship	Military skill; as, to show good captainship.
Captation	A courting of favor or applause, by flattery or address; a captivating quality; an attraction.
Caption	A caviling; a sophism.
Caption	The act of taking or arresting a person by judicial process.
Caption	That part of a legal instrument, as a commission, indictment, etc., which shows where, when, and by what authority, it was taken, found, or executed.
Caption	The heading of a chapter, section, or page.
Captious	Apt to catch at faults; disposed to find fault or to cavil; eager to object; difficult to please.
Captious	Fitted to harass, perplex, or insnare; insidious; troublesome.
Captiously	In a captious manner.
Captiousness	Captious disposition or manner.
Captivated	of Captivate
Captivating	of Captivate
Captivate	To take prisoner; to capture; to subdue.
Captivate	To acquire ascendancy over by reason of some art or attraction; to fascinate; to charm; as, Cleopatra captivated Antony; the orator captivated all hearts.
Captivate	Taken prisoner; made captive; insnared; charmed.
Captivating	Having power to captivate or charm; fascinating; as, captivating smiles.
Captivation	The act of captivating.
Captive	A prisoner taken by force or stratagem, esp., by an enemy, in war; one kept in bondage or in the power of another.
Captive	One charmed or subdued by beaty, excellence, or affection; one who is captivated.
Captive	Made prisoner, especially in war; held in bondage or in confinement.
Captive	Subdued by love; charmed; captivated.
Captive	Of or pertaining to bondage or confinement; serving to confine; as, captive chains; captive hours.
Captived	of Captive
Captiving	of Captive
Captive	To take prisoner; to capture.
Captivity	The state of being a captive or a prisoner.
Captivity	A state of being under control; subjection of the will or affections; bondage.
Captor	One who captures any person or thing, as a prisoner or a prize.
Capture	The act of seizing by force, or getting possession of by superior power or by stratagem; as, the capture of an enemy, a vessel, or a criminal.
Capture	The securing of an object of strife or desire, as by the power of some attraction.
Capture	The thing taken by force, surprise, or stratagem; a prize; prey.
Captured	of Capture
Capturing	of Capture
Capture	To seize or take possession of by force, surprise, or stratagem; to overcome and hold; to secure by effort.
Capuccio	A capoch or hood.
Capuched	Cover with, or as with, a hood.
Capuchin	A Franciscan monk of the austere branch established in 1526 by Matteo di Baschi, distinguished by wearing the long pointed cowl or capoch of St. Francis.
Capuchin	A garment for women, consisting of a cloak and hood, resembling, or supposed to resemble, that of capuchin monks.
Capuchin	A long-tailed South American monkey (Cabus capucinus), having the forehead naked and wrinkled, with the hair on the crown reflexed and resembling a monk's cowl, the rest being of a grayish white; -- called also capucine monkey, weeper, sajou, sapajou, and sai.
Capuchin	Other species of Cabus, as C. fatuellus (the brown or horned capucine.), C. albifrons (the cararara), and C. apella.
Capuchin	A variety of the domestic pigeon having a hoodlike tuft of feathers on the head and sides of the neck.
Capucine	See Capuchin, 3.
Capulet	Same as Capellet.
Capulin	The Mexican cherry (Prunus Capollin).
Capita	of Caput
Caput	The head; also, a knoblike protuberance or capitulum.
Caput	The top or superior part of a thing.
Caput	The council or ruling body of the University of Cambridge prior to the constitution of 1856.
Capybara	A large South American rodent (Hydrochaerus capybara) Living on the margins of lakes and rivers. It is the largest extant rodent, being about three feet long, and half that in height. It somewhat resembles the Guinea pig, to which it is related; -- called also cabiai and water hog.
Car	A small vehicle moved on wheels; usually, one having but two wheels and drawn by one horse; a cart.
Car	A vehicle adapted to the rails of a railroad.
Car	A chariot of war or of triumph; a vehicle of splendor, dignity, or solemnity.
Car	The stars also called Charles's Wain, the Great Bear, or the Dipper.
Car	The cage of a lift or elevator.
Car	The basket, box, or cage suspended from a balloon to contain passengers, ballast, etc.
Car	A floating perforated box for living fish.
Carabid	Of, pertaining to, or resembling, the genus Carbus or family Carabidae.
Carabid	One of the Carabidae, a family of active insectivorous beetles.
Carabine	A carbine.
Carabineer	A carbineer.
Caraboid	Like, or pertaining to the genus Carabus.
Carabus	A genus of ground beetles, including numerous species. They devour many injurious insects.
Carac	See Carack.
Caracal	A lynx (Felis, or Lynx, caracal.) It is a native of Africa and Asia. Its ears are black externally, and tipped with long black hairs.
Caracara	A south American bird of several species and genera, resembling both the eagles and the vultures. The caracaras act as scavengers, and are also called carrion buzzards.
Carack	A kind of large ship formerly used by the Spaniards and Portuguese in the East India trade; a galleon.
Caracole	A half turn which a horseman makes, either to the right or the left.
Caracole	A staircase in a spiral form.
Caracoled	of Caracole
Caracole	To move in a caracole, or in caracoles; to wheel.
Caracoly	An alloy of gold, silver, and copper, of which an inferior quality of jewelry is made.
Caracore	Alt. of Caracora
Caracora	A light vessel or proa used by the people of Borneo, etc., and by the Dutch in the East Indies.
Carafe	A glass water bottle for the table or toilet; -- called also croft.
Carageen	Alt. of Caragheen
Caragheen	See Carrageen.
Carambola	An East Indian tree (Averrhoa Carambola), and its acid, juicy fruit; called also Coromandel gooseberry.
Caramel	Burnt sugar; a brown or black porous substance obtained by heating sugar. It is soluble in water, and is used for coloring spirits, gravies, etc.
Caramel	A kind of confectionery, usually a small cube or square of tenacious paste, or candy, of varying composition and flavor.
Carangoid	Belonging to the Carangidae, a family of fishes allied to the mackerels, and including the caranx, American bluefish, and the pilot fish.
Caranx	A genus of fishes, common on the Atlantic coast, including the yellow or golden mackerel.
Carapace	The thick shell or shield which covers the back of the tortoise, or turtle, the crab, and other crustaceous animals.
Carapato	A south American tick of the genus Amblyomma. There are several species, very troublesome to man and beast.
Carapax	See Carapace.
Carat	The weight by which precious stones and pearls are weighed.
Carat	A twenty-fourth part; -- a term used in estimating the proportionate fineness of gold.
Caravan	A company of travelers, pilgrims, or merchants, organized and equipped for a long journey, or marching or traveling together, esp. through deserts and countries infested by robbers or hostile tribes, as in Asia or Africa.
Caravan	A large, covered wagon, or a train of such wagons, for conveying wild beasts, etc., for exhibition; an itinerant show, as of wild beasts.
Caravan	A covered vehicle for carrying passengers or for moving furniture, etc.; -- sometimes shorted into van.
Caravaneer	The leader or driver of the camels in caravan.
Caravansaries	of Caravansary
Caravansary	A kind of inn, in the East, where caravans rest at night, being a large, rude, unfurnished building, surrounding a court.
Caravel	A name given to several kinds of vessels.
Caravel	The caravel of the 16th century was a small vessel with broad bows, high, narrow poop, four masts, and lateen sails. Columbus commanded three caravels on his great voyage.
Caravel	A Portuguese vessel of 100 or 150 tons burden.
Caravel	A small fishing boat used on the French coast.
Caravel	A Turkish man-of-war.
Caraway	A biennial plant of the Parsley family (Carum Carui). The seeds have an aromatic smell, and a warm, pungent taste. They are used in cookery and confectionery, and also in medicine as a carminative.
Caraway	A cake or sweetmeat containing caraway seeds.
Carbamic	Pertaining to an acid so called.
Carbamide	The technical name for urea.
Carbamine	An isocyanide of a hydrocarbon radical. The carbamines are liquids, usually colorless, and of unendurable odor.
Carbanil	A mobile liquid, CO.N.C6H5, of pungent odor. It is the phenyl salt of isocyanic acid.
Carbazol	A white crystallized substance, C12H8NH, derived from aniline and other amines.
Carbazotate	A salt of carbazotic or picric acid; a picrate.
Carbazotic	Containing, or derived from, carbon and nitrogen.
Carbide	A binary compound of carbon with some other element or radical, in which the carbon plays the part of a negative; -- formerly termed carburet.
Carbimide	The technical name for isocyanic acid. See under Isocyanic.
Carbine	A short, light musket or rifle, esp. one used by mounted soldiers or cavalry.
Carbineer	A soldier armed with a carbine.
Carbinol	Methyl alcohol, CH3OH; -- also, by extension, any one in the homologous series of paraffine alcohols of which methyl alcohol is the type.
Carbohydrate	One of a group of compounds including the sugars, starches, and gums, which contain six (or some multiple of six) carbon atoms, united with a variable number of hydrogen and oxygen atoms, but with the two latter always in proportion as to form water; as dextrose, C6H12O6.
Carbohydride	A hydrocarbon.
Carbolic	Pertaining to, or designating, an acid derived from coal tar and other sources; as, carbolic acid (called also phenic acid, and phenol). See Phenol.
Carbolize	To apply carbolic acid to; to wash or treat with carbolic acid.
Carbon	An elementary substance, not metallic in its nature, which is present in all organic compounds. Atomic weight 11.97. Symbol C. it is combustible, and forms the base of lampblack and charcoal, and enters largely into mineral coals. In its pure crystallized state it constitutes the diamond, the hardest of known substances, occuring in monometric crystals like the octahedron, etc. Another modification is graphite, or blacklead, and in this it is soft, and occurs in hexagonal prisms or tables. When united with oxygen it forms carbon dioxide, commonly called carbonic acid, or carbonic oxide, according to the proportions of the oxygen; when united with hydrogen, it forms various compounds called hydrocarbons. Compare Diamond, and Graphite.
Carbonaceous	Pertaining to, containing, or composed of, carbon.
Carbonade	Alt. of Carbonado
Carbonado	Flesh, fowl, etc., cut across, seasoned, and broiled on coals; a chop.
Carbonadoed	of Carbonade
Carbonadoing	of Carbonade
Carbonado	Alt. of Carbonade
Carbonade	To cut (meat) across for frying or broiling; to cut or slice and broil.
Carbonade	To cut or hack, as in fighting.
Carbonadoes	of Carbonado
Carbonado	A black variety of diamond, found in Brazil, and used for diamond drills. It occurs in irregular or rounded fragments, rarely distinctly crystallized, with a texture varying from compact to porous.
Carbonarism	The principles, practices, or organization of the Carbonari.
Carbonari	of Carbonaro
Carbonaro	A member of a secret political association in Italy, organized in the early part of the nineteenth centry for the purpose of changing the government into a republic.
Carbonatation	The saturation of defecated beet juice with carbonic acid gas.
Carbonate	A salt or carbonic acid, as in limestone, some forms of lead ore, etc.
Carbonated	Combined or impregnated with carbonic acid.
Carbone	To broil. [Obs.] "We had a calf's head carboned".
Carbonic	Of, pertaining to, or obtained from, carbon; as, carbonic oxide.
Carbonide	A carbide.
Carboniferous	Producing or containing carbon or coal.
Carbonization	The act or process of carbonizing.
Carbonized	of Carbonize
Carbonizing	of Carbonize
Carbonize	To convert (an animal or vegetable substance) into a residue of carbon by the action of fire or some corrosive agent; to char.
Carbonize	To impregnate or combine with carbon, as in making steel by cementation.
Carbonometer	An instrument for detecting and measuring the amount of carbon which is present, or more esp. the amount of carbon dioxide, by its action on limewater or by other means.
Carbonyl	The radical (CO)'', occuring, always combined, in many compounds, as the aldehydes, the ketones, urea, carbonyl chloride, etc.
Carbostyril	A white crystalline substance, C9H6N.OH, of acid properties derived from one of the amido cinnamic acids.
Carboxide	A compound of carbon and oxygen, as carbonyl, with some element or radical; as, potassium carboxide.
Carboxyl	The complex radical, CO.OH, regarded as the essential and characteristic constituent which all oxygen acids of carbon (as formic, acetic, benzoic acids, etc.) have in common; -- called also oxatyl.
Carboy	A large, globular glass bottle, esp. one of green glass, inclosed in basket work or in a box, for protection; -- used commonly for carrying corrosive liquids; as sulphuric acid, etc.
Carbuncle	A beautiful gem of a deep red color (with a mixture of scarlet) called by the Greeks anthrax; found in the East Indies. When held up to the sun, it loses its deep tinge, and becomes of the color of burning coal. The name belongs for the most part to ruby sapphire, though it has been also given to red spinel and garnet.
Carbuncle	A very painful acute local inflammation of the subcutaneous tissue, esp. of the trunk or back of the neck, characterized by brawny hardness of the affected parts, sloughing of the skin and deeper tissues, and marked constitutional depression. It differs from a boil in size, tendency to spread, and the absence of a central core, and is frequently fatal. It is also called anthrax.
Carbuncle	A charge or bearing supposed to represent the precious stone. It has eight scepters or staves radiating from a common center. Called also escarbuncle.
Carbuncled	Set with carbuncles.
Carbuncled	Affected with a carbuncle or carbuncles; marked with red sores; pimpled and blotched.
Carbuncular	Belonging to a carbuncle; resembling a carbuncle; red; inflamed.
Carbunculation	The blasting of the young buds of trees or plants, by excessive heat or cold.
Carburet	A carbide. See Carbide
Carbureted	of Carburet
Carburetted	of Carburet
Carbureting	of Carburet
Carburetting	of Carburet
Carburet	To combine or to impregnate with carbon, as by passing through or over a liquid hydrocarbon; to carbonize or carburize.
Carburetant	Any volatile liquid used in charging illuminating gases.
Carbureted	Combined with carbon in the manner of a carburet or carbide.
Carbureted	Saturated or impregnated with some volatile carbon compound; as, water gas is carbureted to increase its illuminating power.
Carburetor	An apparatus in which coal gas, hydrogen, or air is passed through or over a volatile hydrocarbon, in order to confer or increase illuminating power.
Carburization	The act, process, or result of carburizing.
Carburized	of Carburize
Carburizing	of Carburize
Carburize	To combine with carbon or a carbon compound; -- said esp. of a process for conferring a higher degree of illuminating power on combustible gases by mingling them with a vapor of volatile hydrocarbons.
Carcajou	The wolverene; -- also applied, but erroneously, to the Canada lynx, and sometimes to the American badger. See Wolverene.
Carcanet	A jeweled chain, necklace, or collar.
Carcase	See Carcass.
Carcasses	of Carcass
Carcass	A dead body, whether of man or beast; a corpse; now commonly the dead body of a beast.
Carcass	The living body; -- now commonly used in contempt or ridicule.
Carcass	The abandoned and decaying remains of some bulky and once comely thing, as a ship; the skeleton, or the uncovered or unfinished frame, of a thing.
Carcass	A hollow case or shell, filled with combustibles, to be thrown from a mortar or howitzer, to set fire to buldings, ships, etc.
Carcavelhos	A sweet wine. See Calcavella.
Carcelage	Prison fees.
Carcel lamp	A French mechanical lamp, for lighthouses, in which a superabundance of oil is pumped to the wick tube by clockwork.
Carceral	Belonging to a prison.
Carcinological	Of or pertaining to carcinology.
Carcinology	The department of zoology which treats of the Crustacea (lobsters, crabs, etc.); -- called also malacostracology and crustaceology.
Carcinoma	A cancer. By some medical writers, the term is applied to an indolent tumor. See Cancer.
Carcinomatous	Of or pertaining to carcinoma.
Carcinosys	The affection of the system with cancer.
Card	A piece of pasteboard, or thick paper, blank or prepared for various uses; as, a playing card; a visiting card; a card of invitation; pl. a game played with cards.
Card	A published note, containing a brief statement, explanation, request, expression of thanks, or the like; as, to put a card in the newspapers. Also, a printed programme, and (fig.), an attraction or inducement; as, this will be a good card for the last day of the fair.
Card	A paper on which the points of the compass are marked; the dial or face of the mariner's compass.
Card	A perforated pasteboard or sheet-metal plate for warp threads, making part of the Jacquard apparatus of a loom. See Jacquard.
Card	An indicator card. See under Indicator.
Carded	of Card
Carding	of Card
Card	To play at cards; to game.
Card	An instrument for disentangling and arranging the fibers of cotton, wool, flax, etc.; or for cleaning and smoothing the hair of animals; -- usually consisting of bent wire teeth set closely in rows in a thick piece of leather fastened to a back.
Card	A roll or sliver of fiber (as of wool) delivered from a carding machine.
Card	To comb with a card; to cleanse or disentangle by carding; as, to card wool; to card a horse.
Card	To clean or clear, as if by using a card.
Card	To mix or mingle, as with an inferior or weaker article.
Cardamine	A genus of cruciferous plants, containing the lady's-smock, cuckooflower, bitter cress, meadow cress, etc.
Cardamom	The aromatic fruit, or capsule with its seeds, of several plants of the Ginger family growing in the East Indies and elsewhere, and much used as a condiment, and in medicine.
Cardamom	A plant which produces cardamoms, esp. Elettaria Cardamomum and several species of Amomum.
Cardboard	A stiff compact pasteboard of various qualities, for making cards, etc., often having a polished surface.
Cardcase	A case for visiting cards.
Cardecu	A quarter of a crown.
Carder	One who, or that which cards wool flax, etc.
Cardia	The heart.
Cardia	The anterior or cardiac orifice of the stomach, where the esophagus enters it.
Cardiac	Pertaining to, resembling, or hear the heart; as, the cardiac arteries; the cardiac, or left, end of the stomach.
Cardiac	Exciting action in the heart, through the medium of the stomach; cordial; stimulant.
Cardiac	A medicine which excites action in the stomach; a cardial.
Cardiacal	Cardiac.
Cardiacle	A pain about the heart.
Cardiagraph	See Cardiograph.
Cardialgla	Alt. of Cardialgy
Cardialgy	A burning or gnawing pain, or feeling of distress, referred to the region of the heart, accompanied with cardiac palpitation; heartburn. It is usually a symptom of indigestion.
Cardigan jacket	A warm jacket of knit worsted with or without sleeves.
Cardinal	Of fundamental importance; preeminent; superior; chief; principal.
Cardinal	One of the ecclesiastical princes who constitute the pope's council, or the sacred college.
Cardinal	A woman's short cloak with a hood.
Cardinal	Mulled red wine.
Cardinalate	The office, rank, or dignity of a cardinal.
Cardinalize	To exalt to the office of a cardinal.
Cardinalship	The condition, dignity, of office of a cardinal
Carding	The act or process of preparing staple for spinning, etc., by carding it. See the Note under Card, v. t.
Carding	A roll of wool or other fiber as it comes from the carding machine.
Cardiograph	An instrument which, when placed in contact with the chest, will register graphically the comparative duration and intensity of the heart's movements.
Cardiographic	Of or pertaining to, or produced by, a cardiograph.
Cardioid	An algebraic curve, so called from its resemblance to a heart.
Cardioinhibitory	Checking or arresting the heart's action.
Cardiolgy	The science which treats of the heart and its functions.
Cardiometry	Measurement of the heart, as by percussion or auscultation.
Cardiosphygmograph	A combination of cardiograph and sphygmograph.
Carditis	Inflammation of the fleshy or muscular substance of the heart. See Endocarditis and Pericarditis.
Cardines	of Cardo
Cardo	The basal joint of the maxilla in insects.
Cardo	The hinge of a bivalve shell.
Cardol	A yellow oily liquid, extracted from the shell of the cashew nut.
Cardoon	A large herbaceous plant (Cynara Cardunculus) related to the artichoke; -- used in cookery and as a salad.
Care	A burdensome sense of responsibility; trouble caused by onerous duties; anxiety; concern; solicitude.
Care	Charge, oversight, or management, implying responsibility for safety and prosperity.
Care	Attention or heed; caution; regard; heedfulness; watchfulness; as, take care; have a care.
Care	The object of watchful attention or anxiety.
Cared	of Care
Caring	of Care
Care	To be anxious or solicitous; to be concerned; to have regard or interest; -- sometimes followed by an objective of measure.
Careened	of Careen
Careening	of Careen
Careen	To cause (a vessel) to lean over so that she floats on one side, leaving the other side out of water and accessible for repairs below the water line; to case to be off the keel.
Careen	To incline to one side, or lie over, as a ship when sailing on a wind; to be off the keel.
Careenage	Expense of careening ships.
Careenage	A place for careening.
Career	A race course: the ground run over.
Career	A running; full speed; a rapid course.
Career	General course of action or conduct in life, or in a particular part or calling in life, or in some special undertaking; usually applied to course or conduct which is of a public character; as, Washington's career as a soldier.
Career	The flight of a hawk.
Careered	of Career
Careering	of Career
Career	To move or run rapidly.
Careful	Full of care; anxious; solicitous.
Careful	Filling with care or solicitude; exposing to concern, anxiety, or trouble; painful.
Careful	Taking care; giving good heed; watchful; cautious; provident; not indifferent, heedless, or reckless; -- often followed by of, for, or the infinitive; as, careful of money; careful to do right.
Carefully	In a careful manner.
Carefulness	Quality or state of being careful.
Careless	Free from care or anxiety. hence, cheerful; light-hearted.
Careless	Having no care; not taking ordinary or proper care; negligent; unconcerned; heedless; inattentive; unmindful; regardless.
Careless	Without thought or purpose; without due care; without attention to rule or system; unstudied; inconsiderate; spontaneous; rash; as, a careless throw; a careless expression.
Careless	Not receiving care; uncared for.
Carelessly	In a careless manner.
Carelessness	The quality or state of being careless; heedlessness; negligenece; inattention.
Carene	A fast of forty days on bread and water.
Caress	An act of endearment; any act or expression of affection; an embracing, or touching, with tenderness.
Caressed	of Caress
Caressing	of Caress
Caress	To treat with tokens of fondness, affection, or kindness; to touch or speak to in a loving or endearing manner; to fondle.
Caressingly	In caressing manner.
Caret	A mark [^] used by writers and proof readers to indicate that something is interlined above, or inserted in the margin, which belongs in the place marked by the caret.
Caret	The hawkbill turtle. See Hawkbill.
Caretuned	Weary; mournful.
Careworn	Worn or burdened with care; as, careworn look or face.
Carex	A numerous and widely distributed genus of perennial herbaceous plants of the order Cypreaceae; the sedges.
Carf	pret. of Carve.
Cargason	A cargo.
Cargoes	of Cargo
Cargo	The lading or freight of a ship or other vessel; the goods, merchandise, or whatever is conveyed in a vessel or boat; load; freight.
Cargoose	A species of grebe (Podiceps crisratus); the crested grebe.
Cariama	A large, long-legged South American bird (Dicholophus cristatus) which preys upon snakes, etc. See Seriema.
Caries	of Carib
Carib	A native of the Caribbee islands or the coasts of the Caribbean sea; esp., one of a tribe of Indians inhabiting a region of South America, north of the Amazon, and formerly most of the West India islands.
Caribbean	Alt. of Caribbee
Caribbee	Of or pertaining to the Caribs, to their islands (the eastern and southern West Indies), or to the sea (called the Caribbean sea) lying between those islands and Central America.
Caribbee	A Carib.
Caribe	A south American fresh water fish of the genus Serrasalmo of many species, remarkable for its voracity. When numerous they attack man or beast, often with fatal results.
Caribou	The American reindeer, especially the common or woodland species (Rangifer Caribou).
Caricature	An exaggeration, or distortion by exaggeration, of parts or characteristics, as in a picture.
Caricature	A picture or other figure or description in which the peculiarities of a person or thing are so exaggerated as to appear ridiculous; a burlesque; a parody.
Caricatured	of Caricature
Caricaturing	of Caricature
Caricature	To make or draw a caricature of; to represent with ridiculous exaggeration; to burlesque.
Caricaturist	One who caricatures.
Caricous	Of the shape of a fig; as, a caricous tumor.
Caries	Ulceration of bone; a process in which bone disintegrates and is carried away piecemeal, as distinguished from necrosis, in which it dies in masses.
Carillon	A chime of bells diatonically tuned, played by clockwork or by finger keys.
Carillon	A tune adapted to be played by musical bells.
Carina	A keel
Carina	That part of a papilionaceous flower, consisting of two petals, commonly united, which incloses the organs of fructification
Carina	A longitudinal ridge or projection like the keel of a boat.
Carina	The keel of the breastbone of birds.
Carinaria	A genus of oceanic heteropod Mollusca, having a thin, glassy, bonnet-shaped shell, which covers only the nucleus and gills.
Carinatae	A grand division of birds, including all existing flying birds; -- So called from the carina or keel on the breastbone.
Carinate	Alt. of Carinated
Carinated	Shaped like the keel or prow of a ship; having a carina or keel; as, a carinate calyx or leaf; a carinate sternum (of a bird).
Cariole	A small, light, open one-horse carriage
Cariole	A covered cart
Cariole	A kind of calash. See Carryall.
Cariopsis	See Caryopsis.
Cariosity	Caries.
Carious	Affected with caries; decaying; as, a carious tooth.
Cark	A noxious or corroding care; solicitude; worry.
Cark	To be careful, anxious, solicitous, or troubles in mind; to worry or grieve.
Cark	To vex; to worry; to make by anxious care or worry.
Carkanet	A carcanet.
Carking	Distressing; worrying; perplexing; corroding; as, carking cares.
Carl	A rude, rustic man; a churl.
Carl	Large stalks of hemp which bear the seed; -- called also carl hemp.
Carl	A kind of food. See citation, below.
Carlin	An old woman.
Carline	Alt. of Caroline
Caroline	A silver coin once current in some parts of Italy, worth about seven cents.
Carline	Alt. of Carling
Carling	A short timber running lengthwise of a ship, from one transverse desk beam to another; also, one of the cross timbers that strengthen a hath; -- usually in pl.
Carline thistle	A prickly plant of the genus Carlina (C. vulgaris), found in Europe and Asia.
Carlings	Same as Carl, 3.
Carlist	A partisan of Charles X. of France, or of Don Carlos of Spain.
Carlock	A sort of Russian isinglass, made from the air bladder of the sturgeon, and used in clarifying wine.
Carlot	A churl; a boor; a peasant or countryman.
Carlovingian	Pertaining to, founded by, of descended from, Charlemagne; as, the Carlovingian race of kings.
Carmagnole	A popular or Red Rebublican song and dance, of the time of the first French Revolution.
Carmagnole	A bombastic report from the French armies.
Carman	A man whose employment is to drive, or to convey goods in, a car or car.
Carmelite	Alt. of Carmelin
Carmelin	Of or pertaining to the order of Carmelites.
Carmelite	A friar of a mendicant order (the Order of Our Lady of Mount Carmel) established on Mount Carmel, in Syria, in the twelfth century; a White Friar.
Carmelite	A nun of the Order of Our lady of Mount Carmel.
Carminated	Of, relating to, or mixed with, carmine; as, carminated lake.
Carminative	Expelling wind from the body; warming; antispasmodic.
Carminative	A substance, esp. an aromatic, which tends to expel wind from the alimentary canal, or to relieve colic, griping, or flatulence.
Carmine	A rich red or crimson color with a shade of purple.
Carmine	A beautiful pigment, or a lake, of this color, prepared from cochineal, and used in miniature painting.
Carmine	The essential coloring principle of cochineal, extracted as a purple-red amorphous mass. It is a glucoside and possesses acid properties; -- hence called also carminic acid.
Carminic	Of or pertaining to, or derived from, carmine.
Carmot	The matter of which the philosopher's stone was believed to be composed.
Carnage	Flesh of slain animals or men.
Carnage	Great destruction of life, as in battle; bloodshed; slaughter; massacre; murder; havoc.
Carnal	Of or pertaining to the body or its appetites; animal; fleshly; sensual; given to sensual indulgence; lustful; human or worldly as opposed to spiritual.
Carnal	Flesh-devouring; cruel; ravenous; bloody.
Carnalism	The state of being carnal; carnality; sensualism.
Carnalist	A sensualist.
Carnality	The state of being carnal; fleshly lust, or the indulgence of lust; grossness of mind.
Carnalized	of Carnalize
Carnalizing	of Carnalize
Carnalize	To make carnal; to debase to carnality.
Carnallite	A hydrous chloride of potassium and magnesium, sometimes found associated with deposits of rock salt.
Carnally	According to the flesh, to the world, or to human nature; in a manner to gratify animal appetites and lusts; sensually.
Carnal-minded	Worldly-minded.
Carnal-mindedness	Grossness of mind.
Carnary	A vault or crypt in connection with a church, used as a repository for human bones disintered from their original burial places; a charnel house.
Carnassial	Adapted to eating flesh.
Carnassial	A carnassial tooth; especially, the last premolar in many carnivores.
Carnate	Invested with, or embodied in, flesh.
Carnation	The natural color of flesh; rosy pink.
Carnation	Those parts of a picture in which the human body or any part of it is represented in full color; the flesh tints.
Carnation	A species of Dianthus (D. Caryophyllus) or pink, having very beautiful flowers of various colors, esp. white and usually a rich, spicy scent.
Carnationed	Having a flesh color.
Carnauba	The Brazilian wax palm. See Wax palm.
Carnelian	A variety of chalcedony, of a clear, deep red, flesh red, or reddish white color. It is moderately hard, capable of a good polish, and often used for seals.
Carneous	Consisting of, or like, flesh; carnous; fleshy.
Carney	A disease of horses, in which the mouth is so furred that the afflicted animal can not eat.
Carnifex	The public executioner at Rome, who executed persons of the lowest rank; hence, an executioner or hangman.
Carnification	The act or process of turning to flesh, or to a substance resembling flesh.
Carnify	To form flesh; to become like flesh.
Carnin	A white crystalline nitrogenous substance, found in extract of meat, and related to xanthin.
Carnival	A festival celebrated with merriment and revelry in Roman Gatholic countries during the week before Lent, esp. at Rome and Naples, during a few days (three to ten) before Lent, ending with Shrove Tuesday.
Carnival	Any merrymaking, feasting, or masquerading, especially when overstepping the bounds of decorum; a time of riotous excess.
Carnivora	An order of Mammallia including the lion, tiger, wolf bear, seal, etc. They are adapted by their structure to feed upon flesh, though some of them, as the bears, also eat vegetable food. The teeth are large and sharp, suitable for cutting flesh, and the jaws powerful.
Carnivoracity	Greediness of appetite for flesh.
Carnivore	One of the Carnivora.
Carnivorous	Eating or feeding on flesh. The term is applied: (a) to animals which naturally seek flesh for food, as the tiger, dog, etc.; (b) to plants which are supposed to absorb animal food; (c) to substances which destroy animal tissue, as caustics.
Carnose	Alt. of Carnous
Carnous	Of or pertaining to flesh; fleshy.
Carnous	Of a fleshy consistence; -- applied to succulent leaves, stems, etc.
Carnosity	A fleshy excrescence; esp. a small excrescence or fungous growth.
Carnosity	Fleshy substance or quality; fleshy covering.
Carob	An evergreen leguminous tree (Ceratania Siliqua) found in the countries bordering the Mediterranean; the St. John's bread; -- called also carob tree.
Carob	One of the long, sweet, succulent, pods of the carob tree, which are used as food for animals and sometimes eaten by man; -- called also St. John's bread, carob bean, and algaroba bean.
Caroche	A kind of pleasure carriage; a coach.
Caroched	Placed in a caroche.
Caroigne	Dead body; carrion.
Carol	A round dance.
Carol	A song of joy, exultation, or mirth; a lay.
Carol	A song of praise of devotion; as, a Christmas or Easter carol.
Carol	Joyful music, as of a song.
Caroled	of Carol
Carolled	of Carol
Caroling	of Carol
Carolling	of Carol
Carol	To praise or celebrate in song.
Carol	To sing, especially with joyful notes.
Carol	To sing; esp. to sing joyfully; to warble.
Carol	Alt. of Carrol
Carrol	A small closet or inclosure built against a window on the inner side, to sit in for study. The word was used as late as the 16th century.
Carolin	A former gold coin of Germany worth nearly five dollars; also, a gold coin of Sweden worth nearly five dollars.
Carolina pink	See Pinkboot.
Caroline	A coin. See Carline.
Caroling	A song of joy or devotion; a singing, as of carols.
Carolinian	A native or inhabitant of north or South Carolina.
Carolitic	Adorned with sculptured leaves and branches.
Caroluses	of Carolus
Caroli	of Carolus
Carolus	An English gold coin of the value of twenty or twenty-three shillings. It was first struck in the reign of Charles I.
Carom	A shot in which the ball struck with the cue comes in contact with two or more balls on the table; a hitting of two or more balls with the player's ball. In England it is called cannon.
Carom	To make a carom.
Caromel	See Caramel.
Caroteel	A tierce or cask for dried fruits, etc., usually about 700 lbs.
Carotic	Of or pertaining to stupor; as, a carotic state.
Carotic	Carotid; as, the carotic arteries.
Carotid	One of the two main arteries of the neck, by which blood is conveyed from the aorta to the head. [See Illust. of Aorta.]
Carotid	Alt. of Carotidal
Carotidal	Pertaining to, or near, the carotids or one of them; as, the carotid gland.
Carotin	A red crystallizable tasteless substance, extracted from the carrot.
Carousal	A jovial feast or festival; a drunken revel; a carouse.
Carouse	A large draught of liquor.
Carouse	A drinking match; a carousal.
Caroused	of Carouse
Carousing	of Carouse
Carouse	To drink deeply or freely in compliment; to take part in a carousal; to engage in drunken revels.
Carouse	To drink up; to drain; to drink freely or jovially.
Carouser	One who carouses; a reveler.
Carousing	That carouses; relating to a carouse.
Carousingly	In the manner of a carouser.
Carped	of Carp
Carping	of Carp
Carp	To talk; to speak; to prattle.
Carp	To find fault; to cavil; to censure words or actions without reason or ill-naturedly; -- usually followed by at.
Carp	To say; to tell.
Carp	To find fault with; to censure.
Carp	of Carp
Carps	of Carp
Carp	A fresh-water herbivorous fish (Cyprinus carpio.). Several other species of Cyprinus, Catla, and Carassius are called carp. See Cruclan carp.
Carpal	Of or pertaining to the carpus, or wrist.
Carpal	One of the bones or cartilages of the carpus; a carpale.
Carpalia	of Carpale
Carpale	One of the bones or cartilages of the carpus; esp. one of the series articulating with the metacarpals.
Carpathian	Of or pertaining to a range of mountains in Austro-Hungary, called the Carpathians, which partially inclose Hungary on the north, east, and south.
Carpel	Alt. of Carpellum
Carpellum	A simple pistil or single-celled ovary or seed vessel, or one of the parts of a compound pistil, ovary, or seed vessel. See Illust of Carpaphore.
Carpellary	Belonging to, forming, or containing carpels.
Carpenter	An artificer who works in timber; a framer and builder of houses, ships, etc.
Carpentering	The occupation or work of a carpenter; the act of working in timber; carpentry.
Carpentry	The art of cutting, framing, and joining timber, as in the construction of buildings.
Carpentry	An assemblage of pieces of timber connected by being framed together, as the pieces of a roof, floor, etc.; work done by a carpenter.
Carper	One who carps; a caviler.
Carpet	A heavy woven or felted fabric, usually of wool, but also of cotton, hemp, straw, etc.; esp. a floor covering made in breadths to be sewed together and nailed to the floor, as distinguished from a rug or mat; originally, also, a wrought cover for tables.
Carpet	A smooth soft covering resembling or suggesting a carpet.
Carpeted	of Carpet
Carpeting	of Carpet
Carpet	To cover with, or as with, a carpet; to spread with carpets; to furnish with a carpet or carpets.
Carpetbag	A portable bag for travelers; -- so called because originally made of carpet.
Carpetbagger	An adventurer; -- a term of contempt for a Northern man seeking private gain or political advancement in the southern part of the United States after the Civil War (1865).
Carpeting	The act of covering with carpets.
Carpeting	Cloth or materials for carpets; carpets, in general.
Carpetless	Without a carpet.
Carpetmonger	One who deals in carpets; a buyer and seller of carpets.
Carpetmonger	One fond of pleasure; a gallant.
Carpetway	A border of greensward left round the margin of a plowed field.
Carphology	See Floccillation.
Carping	Fault-finding; censorious caviling. See Captious.
Carpintero	A california woodpecker (Melanerpes formicivorus), noted for its habit of inserting acorns in holes which it drills in trees. The acorns become infested by insect larvae, which, when grown, are extracted for food by the bird.
Carpogenic	Productive of fruit, or causing fruit to be developed.
Carpolite	A general term for a fossil fruit, nut, or seed.
Carpological	Of or pertaining to carpology.
Carpologist	One who describes fruits; one versed in carpology.
Carpology	That branch of botany which relates to the structure of seeds and fruit.
Carpophagous	Living on fruits; fruit-consuming.
Carpophore	A slender prolongation of the receptacle as an axis between the carpels, as in Geranium and many umbelliferous plants.
Carpophyll	A leaf converted into a fruit or a constituent portion of a fruit; a carpel. [See Illust. of Gymnospermous.]
Carpophyte	A flowerless plant which forms a true fruit as the result of fertilization, as the red seaweeds, the Ascomycetes, etc.
Carpospore	A kind of spore formed in the conceptacles of red algae.
Carpi	of Carpus
Carpus	The wrist; the bones or cartilages between the forearm, or antibrachium, and the hand or forefoot; in man, consisting of eight short bones disposed in two rows.
Carrack	See Carack.
Carrageen	Alt. of Carrigeen
Carrigeen	A small, purplish, branching, cartilaginous seaweed (Chondrus crispus), which, when bleached, is the Irish moss of commerce.
Carrancha	The Brazilian kite (Polyborus Brasiliensis); -- so called in imitation of its notes.
Carraway	See Caraway.
Carrel	See Quarrel, an arrow.
Carrel	Same as 4th Carol.
Carriable	Capable of being carried.
Carriage	That which is carried; burden; baggage.
Carriage	The act of carrying, transporting, or conveying.
Carriage	The price or expense of carrying.
Carriage	That which carries of conveys,
Carriage	A wheeled vehicle for persons, esp. one designed for elegance and comfort.
Carriage	A wheeled vehicle carrying a fixed burden, as a gun carriage.
Carriage	A part of a machine which moves and carries of supports some other moving object or part.
Carriage	A frame or cage in which something is carried or supported; as, a bell carriage.
Carriage	The manner of carrying one's self; behavior; bearing; deportment; personal manners.
Carriage	The act or manner of conducting measures or projects; management.
Carriageable	Passable by carriages; that can be conveyed in carriages.
Carriboo	See Caribou.
Carrick	A carack. See Carack.
Carrier	One who, or that which, carries or conveys; a messenger.
Carrier	One who is employed, or makes it his business, to carry goods for others for hire; a porter; a teamster.
Carrier	That which drives or carries; as: (a) A piece which communicates to an object in a lathe the motion of the face plate; a lathe dog. (b) A spool holder or bobbin holder in a braiding machine. (c) A movable piece in magazine guns which transfers the cartridge to a position from which it can be thrust into the barrel.
Carrion	The dead and putrefying body or flesh of an animal; flesh so corrupted as to be unfit for food.
Carrion	A contemptible or worthless person; -- a term of reproach.
Carrion	Of or pertaining to dead and putrefying carcasses; feeding on carrion.
Carrol	See 4th Carol.
Carrom	See Carom.
Carronade	A kind of short cannon, formerly in use, designed to throw a large projectile with small velocity, used for the purpose of breaking or smashing in, rather than piercing, the object aimed at, as the side of a ship. It has no trunnions, but is supported on its carriage by a bolt passing through a loop on its under side.
Carron oil	A lotion of linseed oil and lime water, used as an application to burns and scalds; -- first used at the Carron iron works in Scotland.
Carrot	An umbelliferous biennial plant (Daucus Carota), of many varieties.
Carrot	The esculent root of cultivated varieties of the plant, usually spindle-shaped, and of a reddish yellow color.
Carroty	Like a carrot in color or in taste; -- an epithet given to reddish yellow hair, etc.
Carrow	A strolling gamester.
Carried	of Carry
Carrying	of Carry
Carry	To convey or transport in any manner from one place to another; to bear; -- often with away or off.
Carry	To have or hold as a burden, while moving from place to place; to have upon or about one's person; to bear; as, to carry a wound; to carry an unborn child.
Carry	To move; to convey by force; to impel; to conduct; to lead or guide.
Carry	To transfer from one place (as a country, book, or column) to another; as, to carry the war from Greece into Asia; to carry an account to the ledger; to carry a number in adding figures.
Carry	To convey by extension or continuance; to extend; as, to carry the chimney through the roof; to carry a road ten miles farther.
Carry	To bear or uphold successfully through conflict, as a leader or principle; hence, to succeed in, as in a contest; to bring to a successful issue; to win; as, to carry an election.
Carry	To get possession of by force; to capture.
Carry	To contain; to comprise; to bear the aspect of ; to show or exhibit; to imply.
Carry	To bear (one's self); to behave, to conduct or demean; -- with the reflexive pronouns.
Carry	To bear the charges or burden of holding or having, as stocks, merchandise, etc., from one time to another; as, a merchant is carrying a large stock; a farm carries a mortgage; a broker carries stock for a customer; to carry a life insurance.
Carry	To act as a bearer; to convey anything; as, to fetch and carry.
Carry	To have propulsive power; to propel; as, a gun or mortar carries well.
Carry	To hold the head; -- said of a horse; as, to carry well i. e., to hold the head high, with arching neck.
Carry	To have earth or frost stick to the feet when running, as a hare.
Carries	of Carry
Carry	A tract of land, over which boats or goods are carried between two bodies of navigable water; a carrying place; a portage.
Carryall	A light covered carriage, having four wheels and seats for four or more persons, usually drawn by one horse.
Carrying	The act or business of transporting from one place to another.
Carryk	A carack.
Carrytale	A talebearer.
Carse	Low, fertile land; a river valley.
Cart	A common name for various kinds of vehicles, as a Scythian dwelling on wheels, or a chariot.
Cart	A two-wheeled vehicle for the ordinary purposes of husbandry, or for transporting bulky and heavy articles.
Cart	A light business wagon used by bakers, grocerymen, butchers, etc.
Cart	An open two-wheeled pleasure carriage.
Carted	of Cart
Carting	of Cart
Cart	To carry or convey in a cart.
Cart	To expose in a cart by way of punishment.
Cart	To carry burdens in a cart; to follow the business of a carter.
Cartage	The act of carrying in a cart.
Cartage	The price paid for carting.
Cartbote	Wood to which a tenant is entitled for making and repairing carts and other instruments of husbandry.
Carte	Bill of fare.
Carte	Short for Carte de visite.
Carte	Alt. of Quarte
Quarte	A position in thrusting or parrying, with the inside of the hand turned upward and the point of the weapon toward the adversary's right breast.
Carte blanche	A blank paper, with a person's signature, etc., at the bottom, given to another person, with permission to superscribe what conditions he pleases. Hence: Unconditional terms; unlimited authority.
Cartes de visite	of Carte de visite
Carte de visite	A visiting card.
Carte de visite	A photographic picture of the size formerly in use for a visiting card.
Cartel	An agreement between belligerents for the exchange of prisoners.
Cartel	A letter of defiance or challenge; a challenge to single combat.
Cartel	To defy or challenge.
Carter	A charioteer.
Carter	A man who drives a cart; a teamster.
Carter	Any species of Phalangium; -- also called harvestman
Carter	A British fish; the whiff.
Cartesian	Of or pertaining to the French philosopher Rene Descartes, or his philosophy.
Cartesian	An adherent of Descartes.
Cartesianism	The philosophy of Descartes.
Carthaginian	Of a pertaining to ancient Carthage, a city of northern Africa.
Carthaginian	A native or inhabitant of Carthage.
Carthamin	A red coloring matter obtained from the safflower, or Carthamus tinctorius.
Carthusian	A member of an exceeding austere religious order, founded at Chartreuse in France by St. Bruno, in the year 1086.
Carthusian	Pertaining to the Carthusian.
Cartilage	A translucent, elastic tissue; gristle.
Cartilagineous	See Cartilaginous.
Cartilaginification	The act or process of forming cartilage.
Cartilaginous	Of or pertaining to cartilage; gristly; firm and tough like cartilage.
Cartilaginous	Having the skeleton in the state of cartilage, the bones containing little or no calcareous matter; said of certain fishes, as the sturgeon and the sharks.
Cartman	One who drives or uses a cart; a teamster; a carter.
Cartographer	One who makes charts or maps.
Cartographic	Alt. of Cartographical
Cartographical	Of or pertaining to cartography.
Cartographically	By cartography.
Cartography	The art or business of forming charts or maps.
Cartomancy	The art of telling fortunes with cards.
Carton	Pasteboard for paper boxes; also, a pasteboard box.
Cartoon	A design or study drawn of the full size, to serve as a model for transferring or copying; -- used in the making of mosaics, tapestries, fresco pantings and the like; as, the cartoons of Raphael.
Cartoon	A large pictorial sketch, as in a journal or magazine; esp. a pictorial caricature; as, the cartoons of "Puck."
Cartoonist	One skilled in drawing cartoons.
Cartouches	of Cartouch
Cartouch	A roll or case of paper, etc., holding a charge for a firearm; a cartridge
Cartouch	A cartridge box.
Cartouch	A wooden case filled with balls, to be shot from a cannon.
Cartouch	A gunner's bag for ammunition
Cartouch	A military pass for a soldier on furlough.
Cartouch	A cantalever, console, corbel, or modillion, which has the form of a scroll of paper
Cartouch	A tablet for ornament, or for receiving an inscription, formed like a sheet of paper with the edges rolled up; hence, any tablet of ornamental form.
Cartouch	An oval figure on monuments, and in papyri, containing the name of a sovereign.
Cartridge	A complete charge for a firearm, contained in, or held together by, a case, capsule, or shell of metal, pasteboard, or other material.
Cartularies	of Cartulary
Cartulary	A register, or record, as of a monastery or church.
Cartulary	An ecclesiastical officer who had charge of records or other public papers.
Cartway	A way or road for carts.
Cartwright	An artificer who makes carts; a cart maker.
Carucage	A tax on every plow or plowland.
Carucage	The act of plowing.
Carucate	A plowland; as much land as one team can plow in a year and a day; -- by some said to be about 100 acres.
Caruncle	Alt. of Caruncula
Caruncula	A small fleshy prominence or excrescence; especially the small, reddish body, the caruncula lacrymalis, in the inner angle of the eye.
Caruncula	An excrescence or appendage surrounding or near the hilum of a seed.
Caruncula	A naked, flesh appendage, on the head of a bird, as the wattles of a turkey, etc.
Caruncular	Alt. of Carunculous
Carunculous	Of, pertaining to, or like, a caruncle; furnished with caruncles.
Carunculate	Alt. of Carunculated
Carunculated	Having a caruncle or caruncles; caruncular.
Carus	Coma with complete insensibility; deep lethargy.
Carvacrol	A thick oily liquid, C10H13.OH, of a strong taste and disagreeable odor, obtained from oil of caraway (Carum carui).
Carved	of Carve
Carving	of Carve
Carve	To cut.
Carve	To cut, as wood, stone, or other material, in an artistic or decorative manner; to sculpture; to engrave.
Carve	To make or shape by cutting, sculpturing, or engraving; to form; as, to carve a name on a tree.
Carve	To cut into small pieces or slices, as meat at table; to divide for distribution or apportionment; to apportion.
Carve	To cut: to hew; to mark as if by cutting.
Carve	To take or make, as by cutting; to provide.
Carve	To lay out; to contrive; to design; to plan.
Carve	To exercise the trade of a sculptor or carver; to engrave or cut figures.
Carve	To cut up meat; as, to carve for all the guests.
Carve	A carucate.
Carvel	Same as Caravel.
Carvel	A species of jellyfish; sea blubber.
Carvelbuilt	Having the planks meet flush at the seams, instead of lapping as in a clinker-built vessel.
Carven	Wrought by carving; ornamented by carvings; carved.
Carvene	An oily substance, C10H16, extracted from oil caraway.
Carver	One who carves; one who shapes or fashions by carving, or as by carving; esp. one who carves decorative forms, architectural adornments, etc.
Carver	One who carves or divides meat at table.
Carver	A large knife for carving.
Carving	The act or art of one who carves.
Carving	A piece of decorative work cut in stone, wood, or other material.
Carving	The whole body of decorative sculpture of any kind or epoch, or in any material; as, the Italian carving of the 15th century.
Carvist	A hawk which is of proper age and training to be carried on the hand; a hawk in its first year.
Carvol	One of a species of aromatic oils, resembling carvacrol.
Car wheel	A flanged wheel of a railway car or truck.
Caryatic	Alt. of Caryatid
Caryatid	Of or pertaining to a caryatid.
Caryatids	of Caryatid
Caryatid	A draped female figure supporting an entablature, in the place of a column or pilaster.
Caryatides	Caryatids.
Caryophyllaceous	Having corollas of five petals with long claws inclosed in a tubular, calyx, as the pink
Caryophyllaceous	Belonging to the family of which the pink and the carnation are the types.
Caryophyllin	A tasteless and odorless crystalline substance, extracted from cloves, polymeric with common camphor.
Caryophyllous	Caryophyllaceous.
Caryopses	of Caryopsis
Caryopsis	A one-celled, dry, indehiscent fruit, with a thin membranous pericarp, adhering closely to the seed, so that fruit and seed are incorporated in one body, forming a single grain, as of wheat, barley, etc.
Casal	Of or pertaining to case; as, a casal ending.
Cascabel	The projection in rear of the breech of a cannon, usually a knob or breeching loop connected with the gun by a neck. In old writers it included all in rear of the base ring. [See Illust. of Cannon.]
Cascade	A fall of water over a precipice, as in a river or brook; a waterfall less than a cataract.
Cascade	To fall in a cascade.
Cascade	To vomit.
Cascalho	A deposit of pebbles, gravel, and ferruginous sand, in which the Brazilian diamond is usually found.
Cascara sagrada	Holy bark; the bark of the California buckthorn (Rhamnus Purshianus), used as a mild cathartic or laxative.
Cascarilla	A euphorbiaceous West Indian shrub (Croton Eleutheria); also, its aromatic bark.
Cascarillin	A white, crystallizable, bitter substance extracted from oil of cascarilla.
Case	A box, sheath, or covering; as, a case for holding goods; a case for spectacles; the case of a watch; the case (capsule) of a cartridge; a case (cover) for a book.
Case	A box and its contents; the quantity contained in a box; as, a case of goods; a case of instruments.
Case	A shallow tray divided into compartments or "boxes" for holding type.
Case	An inclosing frame; a casing; as, a door case; a window case.
Case	A small fissure which admits water to the workings.
Cased	of Case
Casing	of Case
Case	To cover or protect with, or as with, a case; to inclose.
Case	To strip the skin from; as, to case a box.
Case	Chance; accident; hap; opportunity.
Case	That which befalls, comes, or happens; an event; an instance; a circumstance, or all the circumstances; condition; state of things; affair; as, a strange case; a case of injustice; the case of the Indian tribes.
Case	A patient under treatment; an instance of sickness or injury; as, ten cases of fever; also, the history of a disease or injury.
Case	The matters of fact or conditions involved in a suit, as distinguished from the questions of law; a suit or action at law; a cause.
Case	One of the forms, or the inflections or changes of form, of a noun, pronoun, or adjective, which indicate its relation to other words, and in the aggregate constitute its declension; the relation which a noun or pronoun sustains to some other word.
Case	To propose hypothetical cases.
Caseation	A degeneration of animal tissue into a cheesy or curdy mass.
Case-bay	The space between two principals or girders
Case-bay	One of the joists framed between a pair of girders in naked flooring.
Caseharden	To subject to a process which converts the surface of iron into steel.
Caseharden	To render insensible to good influences.
Casehardened	Having the surface hardened, as iron tools.
Casehardened	Hardened against, or insusceptible to, good influences; rendered callous by persistence in wrongdoing or resistance of good influences; -- said of persons.
Casehardening	The act or process of converting the surface of iron into steel.
Caseic	Of or pertaining to cheese; as, caseic acid.
Casein	A proteid substance present in both the animal and the vegetable kingdom. In the animal kingdom it is chiefly found in milk, and constitutes the main part of the curd separated by rennet; in the vegetable kingdom it is found more or less abundantly in the seeds of leguminous plants. Its reactions resemble those of alkali albumin.
Case knife	A knife carried in a sheath or case.
Case knife	A large table knife; -- so called from being formerly kept in a case.
Casemate	A bombproof chamber, usually of masonry, in which cannon may be placed, to be fired through embrasures; or one capable of being used as a magazine, or for quartering troops.
Casemate	A hollow molding, chiefly in cornices.
Casemated	Furnished with, protected by, or built like, a casemate.
Casement	A window sash opening on hinges affixed to the upright side of the frame into which it is fitted. (Poetically) A window.
Casemented	Having a casement or casements.
Caseous	Of, pertaining to, or resembling, cheese; having the qualities of cheese; cheesy.
Casern	A lodging for soldiers in garrison towns, usually near the rampart; barracks.
Case shot	A collection of small projectiles, inclosed in a case or canister.
Caseum	Same as Casein.
Caseworm	A worm or grub that makes for itself a case. See Caddice.
Cash	A place where money is kept, or where it is deposited and paid out; a money box.
Cash	Ready money; especially, coin or specie; but also applied to bank notes, drafts, bonds, or any paper easily convertible into money
Cash	Immediate or prompt payment in current funds; as, to sell goods for cash; to make a reduction in price for cash.
Cashed	of Cash
Casing	of Cash
Cash	To pay, or to receive, cash for; to exchange for money; as, cash a note or an order.
Cash	To disband.
Cash	A Chinese coin.
Cashbook	A book in which is kept a register of money received or paid out.
Cashew	A tree (Anacardium occidentale) of the same family which the sumac. It is native in tropical America, but is now naturalized in all tropical countries. Its fruit, a kidney-shaped nut, grows at the extremity of an edible, pear-shaped hypocarp, about three inches long.
Cashier	One who has charge of money; a cash keeper; the officer who has charge of the payments and receipts (moneys, checks, notes), of a bank or a mercantile company.
Cahiered	of Cashier
Cashiering	of Cashier
Cashier	To dismiss or discard; to discharge; to dismiss with ignominy from military service or from an office or place of trust.
Cashier	To put away or reject; to disregard.
Cashierer	One who rejects, discards, or dismisses; as, a cashierer of monarchs.
Cashmere	A rich stuff for shawls, scarfs, etc., originally made in Cashmere from the soft wool found beneath the hair of the goats of Cashmere, Thibet, and the Himalayas. Some cashmere, of fine quality, is richly embroidered for sale to Europeans.
Cashmere	A dress fabric made of fine wool, or of fine wool and cotton, in imitation of the original cashmere.
Cashmerette	A kind of dress goods, made with a soft and glossy surface like cashmere.
Cashoo	See Catechu.
Casing	The act or process of inclosing in, or covering with, a case or thin substance, as plaster, boards, etc.
Casing	An outside covering, for protection or ornament, or to precent the radiation of heat.
Casing	An inclosing frame; esp. the framework around a door or a window. See Case, n., 4.
Casings	Dried dung of cattle used as fuel.
Casinos	of Casino
Casini	of Casino
Casino	A small country house.
Casino	A building or room used for meetings, or public amusements, for dancing, gaming, etc.
Casino	A game at cards. See Cassino.
Cask	Same as Casque.
Cask	A barrel-shaped vessel made of staves headings, and hoops, usually fitted together so as to hold liquids. It may be larger or smaller than a barrel.
Cask	The quantity contained in a cask.
Cask	A casket; a small box for jewels.
Cask	To put into a cask.
Casket	A small chest or box, esp. of rich material or ornamental character, as for jewels, etc.
Casket	A kind of burial case.
Casket	Anything containing or intended to contain something highly esteemed
Casket	The body.
Casket	The tomb.
Casket	A book of selections.
Casket	A gasket. See Gasket.
Casket	To put into, or preserve in, a casket.
Casque	A piece of defensive or ornamental armor (with or without a vizor) for the head and neck; a helmet.
Cass	To render useless or void; to annul; to reject; to send away.
Cassada	See Cassava.
Cassareep	A condiment made from the sap of the bitter cassava (Manihot utilissima) deprived of its poisonous qualities, concentrated by boiling, and flavored with aromatics. See Pepper pot.
Cassate	To render void or useless; to vacate or annul.
Cassation	The act of annulling.
Cassava	A shrubby euphorbiaceous plant of the genus Manihot, with fleshy rootstocks yielding an edible starch; -- called also manioc.
Cassava	A nutritious starch obtained from the rootstocks of the cassava plant, used as food and in making tapioca.
Casse Paper	Broken paper; the outside quires of a ream.
Casserole	A small round dish with a handle, usually of porcelain.
Casserole	A mold (in the shape of a hollow vessel or incasement) of boiled rice, mashed potato or paste, baked, and afterwards filled with vegetables or meat.
Cassia	A genus of leguminous plants (herbs, shrubs, or trees) of many species, most of which have purgative qualities. The leaves of several species furnish the senna used in medicine.
Cassia	The bark of several species of Cinnamomum grown in China, etc.; Chinese cinnamon.  It is imported as cassia, but commonly sold as cinnamon, from which it differs more or less in strength and flavor, and the amount of outer bark attached.
Cassican	An American bird of the genus Cassicus, allied to the starlings and orioles, remarkable for its skillfully constructed and suspended nest; the crested oriole. The name is also sometimes given to the piping crow, an Australian bird.
Cassideous	Helmet-shaped; -- applied to a corolla having a broad, helmet-shaped upper petal, as in aconite.
Cassidony	The French lavender (Lavandula Stoechas)
Cassidony	The goldilocks (Chrysocoma Linosyris) and perhaps other plants related to the genus Gnaphalium or cudweed.
Cassimere	A thin, twilled, woolen cloth, used for men's garments.
Cassinette	A cloth with a cotton warp, and a woof of very fine wool, or wool and silk.
Cassinian ovals	See under Oval.
Cassino	A game at cards, played by two or more persons, usually for twenty-one points.
Cassioberry	The fruit of the Viburnum obovatum, a shrub which grows from Virginia to Florida.
Cassiopeia	A constellation of the northern hemisphere, situated between Cepheus and Perseus; -- so called in honor of the wife of Cepheus, a fabulous king of Ethiopia.
Cassiterite	Native tin dioxide; tin stone; a mineral occurring in tetragonal crystals of reddish brown color, and brilliant adamantine luster; also massive, sometimes in compact forms with concentric fibrous structure resembling wood (wood tin), also in rolled fragments or pebbly (Stream tin). It is the chief source of metallic tin. See Black tin, under Black.
Cassius	A brownish purple pigment, obtained by the action of some compounds of tin upon certain salts of gold. It is used in painting and staining porcelain and glass to give a beautiful purple color. Commonly called Purple of Cassius.
Cassock	A long outer garment formerly worn by men and women, as well as by soldiers as part of their uniform.
Cassock	A garment resembling a long frock coat worn by the clergy of certain churches when officiating, and by others as the usually outer garment.
Cassocked	Clothed with a cassock.
Cassolette	a box, or vase, with a perforated cover to emit perfumes.
Cassonade	Raw sugar; sugar not refined.
Cassowaries	of Cassowary
Cassowary	A large bird, of the genus Casuarius, found in the east Indies. It is smaller and stouter than the ostrich. Its head is armed with a kind of helmet of horny substance, consisting of plates overlapping each other, and it has a group of long sharp spines on each wing which are used as defensive organs. It is a shy bird, and runs with great rapidity. Other species inhabit New Guinea, Australia, etc.
Cassumunar	Alt. of Cassumuniar
Cassumuniar	A pungent, bitter, aromatic, gingerlike root, obtained from the East Indies.
Cast	of Cast
Casting	of Cast
Cast	To send or drive by force; to throw; to fling; to hurl; to impel.
Cast	To direct or turn, as the eyes.
Cast	To drop; to deposit; as, to cast a ballot.
Cast	To throw down, as in wrestling.
Cast	To throw up, as a mound, or rampart.
Cast	To throw off; to eject; to shed; to lose.
Cast	To bring forth prematurely; to slink.
Cast	To throw out or emit; to exhale.
Cast	To cause to fall; to shed; to reflect; to throw; as, to cast a ray upon a screen; to cast light upon a subject.
Cast	To impose; to bestow; to rest.
Cast	To dismiss; to discard; to cashier.
Cast	To compute; to reckon; to calculate; as, to cast a horoscope.
Cast	To contrive; to plan.
Cast	To defeat in a lawsuit; to decide against; to convict; as, to be cast in damages.
Cast	To turn (the balance or scale); to overbalance; hence, to make preponderate; to decide; as, a casting voice.
Cast	To form into a particular shape, by pouring liquid metal or other material into a mold; to fashion; to found; as, to cast bells, stoves, bullets.
Cast	To stereotype or electrotype.
Cast	To fix, distribute, or allot, as the parts of a play among actors; also to assign (an actor) for a part.
Cast	To throw, as a line in angling, esp, with a fly hook.
Cast	To turn the head of a vessel around from the wind in getting under weigh.
Cast	To consider; to turn or revolve in the mind; to plan; as, to cast about for reasons.
Cast	To calculate; to compute.
Cast	To receive form or shape in a mold.
Cast	To warp; to become twisted out of shape.
Cast	To vomit.
Cast	3d pres. of Cast, for Casteth.
Cast	The act of casting or throwing; a throw.
Cast	The thing thrown.
Cast	The distance to which a thing is or can be thrown.
Cast	A throw of dice; hence, a chance or venture.
Cast	That which is throw out or off, shed, or ejected; as, the skin of an insect, the refuse from a hawk's stomach, the excrement of a earthworm.
Cast	The act of casting in a mold.
Cast	An impression or mold, taken from a thing or person; amold; a pattern.
Cast	That which is formed in a mild; esp. a reproduction or copy, as of a work of art, in bronze or plaster, etc.; a casting.
Cast	Form; appearence; mien; air; style; as, a peculiar cast of countenance.
Cast	A tendency to any color; a tinge; a shade.
Cast	A chance, opportunity, privilege, or advantage; specifically, an opportunity of riding; a lift.
Cast	The assignment of parts in a play to the actors.
Cast	A flight or a couple or set of hawks let go at one time from the hand.
Cast	A stoke, touch, or trick.
Cast	A motion or turn, as of the eye; direction; look; glance; squint.
Cast	A tube or funnel for conveying metal into a mold.
Cast	Four; that is, as many as are thrown into a vessel at once in counting herrings, etc; a warp.
Cast	Contrivance; plot, design.
Castalian	Of or pertaining to Castalia, a mythical fountain of inspiration on Mt. Parnassus sacred to the Muses.
Castanea	A genus of nut-bearing trees or shrubs including the chestnut and chinquapin.
Castanet	See Castanets.
Castanets	Two small, concave shells of ivory or hard wood, shaped like spoons, fastened to the thumb, and beaten together with the middle finger; -- used by the Spaniards and Moors as an accompaniment to their dance and guitars.
Castaway	One who, or that which, is cast away or shipwrecked.
Castaway	One who is ruined; one who has made moral shipwreck; a reprobate.
Castaway	Of no value; rejected; useless.
Caste	One of the hereditary classes into which the Hindoos are divided according to the laws of Brahmanism.
Caste	A separate and fixed order or class of persons in society who chiefly hold intercourse among themselves.
Castellan	A governor or warden of a castle.
Castellanies	of Castellany
Castellany	The lordship of a castle; the extent of land and jurisdiction appertaining to a castle.
Castellated	Inclosed within a building; as, a fountain or cistern castellated.
Castellated	Furnished with turrets and battlements, like a castle; built in the style of a castle.
Castellation	The act of making into a castle.
Caster	One who casts; as, caster of stones, etc. ; a caster of cannon; a caster of accounts.
Caster	A vial, cruet, or other small vessel, used to contain condiments at the table; as, a set of casters.
Caster	A stand to hold a set of cruets.
Caster	A small wheel on a swivel, on which furniture is supported and moved.
Castigated	of Castigate
Castigating	of Castigate
Castigate	To punish by stripes; to chastise by blows; to chasten; also, to chastise verbally; to reprove; to criticise severely.
Castigate	To emend; to correct.
Castigation	Corrective punishment; chastisement; reproof; pungent criticism.
Castigation	Emendation; correction.
Castigator	One who castigates or corrects.
Castigatory	Punitive in order to amendment; corrective.
Castigatory	An instrument formerly used to punish and correct arrant scolds; -- called also a ducking stool, or trebucket.
Castile soap	A kind of fine, hard, white or mottled soap, made with olive oil and soda; also, a soap made in imitation of the above-described soap.
Castilian	An inhabitant or native of Castile, in Spain.
Castilian	The Spanish language as spoken in Castile.
Castillan	Of or pertaining to Castile, in Spain.
Casting	The act of one who casts or throws, as in fishing.
Casting	The act or process of making casts or impressions, or of shaping metal or plaster in a mold; the act or the process of pouring molten metal into a mold.
Casting	That which is cast in a mold; esp. the mass of metal so cast; as, a casting in iron; bronze casting.
Casting	The warping of a board.
Casting	The act of casting off, or that which is cast off, as skin, feathers, excrement, etc.
Cast iron	Highly carbonized iron, the direct product of the blast furnace; -- used for making castings, and for conversion into wrought iron and steel. It can not be welded or forged, is brittle, and sometimes very hard. Besides carbon, it contains sulphur, phosphorus, silica, etc.
Cast-iron	Made of cast iron. Hence, Fig.: like cast iron; hardy; unyielding.
Castle	A fortified residence, especially that of a prince or nobleman; a fortress.
Castle	Any strong, imposing, and stately mansion.
Castle	A small tower, as on a ship, or an elephant's back.
Castle	A piece, made to represent a castle, used in the game of chess; a rook.
Castled	of Castle
Castling	of Castle
Castle	To move the castle to the square next to king, and then the king around the castle to the square next beyond it, for the purpose of covering the king.
Castlebuilder	Fig.: one who builds castles in the air or forms visionary schemes.
Castled	Having a castle or castles; supporting a castle; as, a castled height or crag.
Castled	Fortified; turreted; as, castled walls.
Castle-guard	The guard or defense of a castle.
Castle-guard	A tax or imposition an a dwelling within a certain distance of a castle, for the purpose of maintaining watch and ward in it; castle-ward.
Castle-guard	A feudal tenure, obliging the tenant to perform service within the realm, without limitation of time.
Castlery	The government of a castle.
Castlet	A small castle.
Castleward	Same as Castleguard.
Castling	That which is cast or brought forth prematurely; an abortion.
Castling	A compound move of the king and castle. See Castle, v. i.
Cast-off	Cast or laid aside; as, cast-off clothes.
Castor	A genus of rodents, including the beaver. See Beaver.
Castor	Castoreum. See Castoreum.
Castor	A hat, esp. one made of beaver fur; a beaver.
Castor	A heavy quality of broadcloth for overcoats.
Castor	See Caster, a small wheel.
Castor	the northernmost of the two bright stars in the constellation Gemini, the other being Pollux.
Castor	Alt. of Castorite
Castorite	A variety of the mineral called petalite, from Elba.
Castor and Pollux	See Saint Elmo's fire, under Saint.
Castor bean	The bean or seed of the castor-oil plant (Ricinus communis, or Palma Christi.)
Castoreum	A peculiar bitter orange-brown substance, with strong, penetrating odor, found in two sacs between the anus and external genitals of the beaver; castor; -- used in medicine as an antispasmodic, and by perfumers.
Castorin	A white crystalline substance obtained from castoreum.
Castor oil	A mild cathartic oil, expressed or extracted from the seeds of the Ricinus communis, or Palma Christi. When fresh the oil is inodorous and insipid.
Castrametation	The art or act of encamping; the making or laying out of a camp.
Castrated	of Castrate
Castrating	of Castrate
Castrate	To deprive of the testicles; to emasculate; to geld; to alter.
Castrate	To cut or take out; esp. to remove anything erroneous, or objectionable from, as the obscene parts of a writing; to expurgate.
Castration	The act of castrating.
Castrato	A male person castrated for the purpose of improving his voice for singing; an artificial, or male, soprano.
Castrel	See Kestrel.
Castrensial	Belonging to a camp.
Castrensian	Castrensial.
Cast steel	See Cast steel, under Steel.
Casual	Happening or coming to pass without design, and without being foreseen or expected; accidental; fortuitous; coming by chance.
Casual	Coming without regularity; occasional; incidental; as, casual expenses.
Casual	One who receives relief for a night in a parish to which he does not belong; a vagrant.
Casualism	The doctrine that all things exist or are controlled by chance.
Casualist	One who believes in casualism.
Casually	Without design; accidentally; fortuitously; by chance; occasionally.
Casualness	The quality of being casual.
Casualties	of Casualty
Casualty	That which comes without design or without being foreseen; contingency.
Casualty	Any injury of the body from accident; hence, death, or other misfortune, occasioned by an accident; as, an unhappy casualty.
Casualty	Numerical loss caused by death, wounds, discharge, or desertion.
Casuarina	A genus of leafless trees or shrubs, with drooping branchlets of a rushlike appearance, mostly natives of Australia. Some of them are large, producing hard and heavy timber of excellent quality, called beefwood from its color.
Casuist	One who is skilled in, or given to, casuistry.
Casuist	To play the casuist.
Casuistic	Alt. of Casuistieal
Casuistieal	Of or pertaining to casuists or casuistry.
Casuistry	The science or doctrine of dealing with cases of conscience, of resolving questions of right or wrong in conduct, or determining the lawfulness or unlawfulness of what a man may do by rules and principles drawn from the Scriptures, from the laws of society or the church, or from equity and natural reason; the application of general moral rules to particular cases.
Casuistry	Sophistical, equivocal, or false reasoning or teaching in regard to duties, obligations, and morals.
Casus	An event; an occurrence; an occasion; a combination of circumstances; a case; an act of God. See the Note under Accident.
Cat	An animal of various species of the genera Felis and Lynx. The domestic cat is Felis domestica. The European wild cat (Felis catus) is much larger than the domestic cat. In the United States the name wild cat is commonly applied to the bay lynx (Lynx rufus) See Wild cat, and Tiger cat.
Cat	A strong vessel with a narrow stern, projecting quarters, and deep waist. It is employed in the coal and timber trade.
Cat	A strong tackle used to draw an anchor up to the cathead of a ship.
Cat	A double tripod (for holding a plate, etc.), having six feet, of which three rest on the ground, in whatever position in is placed.
Cat	An old game; (a) The game of tipcat and the implement with which it is played. See Tipcat. (c) A game of ball, called, according to the number of batters, one old cat, two old cat, etc.
Cat	A cat o' nine tails. See below.
tted	of Cat
Catting	of Cat
Cat	To bring to the cathead; as, to cat an anchor. See Anchor.
Cata	The Latin and English form of a Greek preposition, used as a prefix to signify down, downward, under, against, contrary or opposed to, wholly, completely; as in cataclysm, catarrh. It sometimes drops the final vowel, as in catoptric; and is sometimes changed to cath, as in cathartic, catholic.
Catabaptist	One who opposes baptism, especially of infants.
Catabasion	A vault under altar of a Greek church.
Catabiotic	See under Force.
Catacaustic	Relating to, or having the properties of, a caustic curve formed by reflection. See Caustic, a.
Catacaustic	A caustic curve formed by reflection of light.
Catachresis	A figure by which one word is wrongly put for another, or by which a word is wrested from its true signification; as, "To take arms against a sea of troubles". Shak. "Her voice was but the shadow of a sound." Young.
Catachrestic	Alt. of Catachrestical
Catachrestical	Belonging to, or in the manner of, a catachresis; wrested from its natural sense or form; forced; far-fetched.
Cataclysm	An extensive overflow or sweeping flood of water; a deluge.
Cataclysm	Any violent catastrophe, involving sudden and extensive changes of the earth's surface.
Cataclysmal	Alt. of Cataclysmic
Cataclysmic	Of or pertaining to a cataclysm.
Cataclysmist	One who believes that the most important geological phenomena have been produced by cataclysms.
Catacomb	A cave, grotto, or subterraneous place of large extent used for the burial of the dead; -- commonly in the plural.
Catacoustic	That part of acoustics which treats of reflected sounds or echoes See Acoustics.
Catadioptric	Alt. of Catadioptrical
Catadioptrical	Pertaining to, produced by, or involving, both the reflection and refraction of light; as, a catadioptric light.
Catadioptrics	The science which treats of catadioptric phenomena, or of the used of catadioptric instruments.
Catadrome	A race course.
Catadrome	A machine for raising or lowering heavy weights.
Catadromous	Having the lowest inferior segment of a pinna nearer the rachis than the lowest superior one; -- said of a mode of branching in ferns, and opposed to anadromous.
Catadromous	Living in fresh water, and going to the sea to spawn; -- opposed to anadromous, and said of the eel.
Catafalco	See Catafalque.
Catafalque	A temporary structure sometimes used in the funeral solemnities of eminent persons, for the public exhibition of the remains, or their conveyance to the place of burial.
Catagmatic	Having the quality of consolidating broken bones.
Cataian	A native of Cathay or China; a foreigner; -- formerly a term of reproach.
Catalan	Of or pertaining to Catalonia.
Catalan	A native or inhabitant of Catalonia; also, the language of Catalonia.
Catalectic	Wanting a syllable at the end, or terminating in an imperfect foot; as, a catalectic verse.
Catalectic	Incomplete; partial; not affecting the whole of a substance.
Catalepsy	Alt. of Catalepsis
Catalepsis	A sudden suspension of sensation and volition, the body and limbs preserving the position that may be given them, while the action of the heart and lungs continues.
Cataleptic	Pertaining to, or resembling, catalepsy; affected with catalepsy; as, a cataleptic fit.
Catallacta	A division of Protozoa, of which Magosphaera is the type. They exist both in a myxopod state, with branched pseudopodia, and in the form of ciliated bodies united in free, spherical colonies.
Catallactics	The science of exchanges, a branch of political economy.
Catalog	Catalogue.
Catalogize	To insert in a catalogue; to register; to catalogue.
Catalogue	A list or enumeration of names, or articles arranged methodically, often in alphabetical order; as, a catalogue of the students of a college, or of books, or of the stars.
Catalogued	of Catalogue
Cataloguing	of Catalogue
Catalogue	To make a list or catalogue; to insert in a catalogue.
Cataloguer	A maker of catalogues; esp. one skilled in the making of catalogues.
Catalpa	A genus of American and East Indian trees, of which the best know species are the Catalpa bignonioides, a large, ornamental North American tree, with spotted white flowers and long cylindrical pods, and the C. speciosa, of the Mississipi valley; -- called also Indian bean.
Catalyse	of Catalysis
Catalysis	Dissolution; degeneration; decay.
Catalysis	A process by which reaction occurs in the presence of certain agents which were formerly believed to exert an influence by mere contact. It is now believed that such reactions are attended with the formation of an intermediate compound or compounds, so that by alternate composition and decomposition the agent is apparenty left unchanged; as, the catalysis of making ether from alcohol by means of sulphuric acid; or catalysis in the action of soluble ferments (as diastase, or ptyalin) on starch.
Catalysis	The catalytic force.
Catalytic	Relating to, or causing, catalysis.
Catalytic	An agent employed in catalysis, as platinum black, aluminium chloride, etc.
Catamaran	A kind of raft or float, consisting of two or more logs or pieces of wood lashed together, and moved by paddles or sail; -- used as a surf boat and for other purposes on the coasts of the East and West Indies and South America. Modified forms are much used in the lumber regions of North America, and at life-saving stations.
Catamaran	Any vessel with twin hulls, whether propelled by sails or by steam; esp., one of a class of double-hulled pleasure boats remarkable for speed.
Catamaran	A kind of fire raft or torpedo bat.
Catamaran	A quarrelsome woman; a scold.
Catamenia	The monthly courses of women; menstrual discharges; menses.
Catamenial	Pertaining to the catamenia, or menstrual discharges.
Catamite	A boy kept for unnatural purposes.
Catamount	The cougar. Applied also, in some parts of the United States, to the lynx.
Catanadromous	Ascending and descending fresh streams from and to the sea, as the salmon; anadromous.
Catapasm	A compound medicinal powder, used by the ancients to sprinkle on ulcers, to absorb perspiration, etc.
Catapeltic	Of or pertaining to a catapult.
Catapetalous	Having the petals held together by stamens, which grow to their bases, as in the mallow.
Cataphonic	Of or relating to cataphonics; catacoustic.
Cataphonics	That branch of acoustics which treats of reflected sounds; catacoustics.
Cataphract	Defensive armor used for the whole body and often for the horse, also, esp. the linked mail or scale armor of some eastern nations.
Cataphract	A horseman covered with a cataphract.
Cataphract	The armor or plate covering some fishes.
Cataphracted	Covered with a cataphract, or armor of plates, scales, etc.; or with that which corresponds to this, as horny or bony plates, hard, callous skin, etc.
Cataphractic	Of, pertaining to, or resembling, a cataphract.
Cataphysical	Unnatural; contrary to nature.
Cataplasm	A soft and moist substance applied externally to some part of the body; a poultice.
Catapuce	Spurge.
Catapult	An engine somewhat resembling a massive crossbow, used by the ancient Greeks and Romans for throwing stones, arrows, spears, etc.
Catapult	A forked stick with elastic band for throwing small stones, etc.
Cataract	A great fall of water over a precipice; a large waterfall.
Cataract	An opacity of the crystalline lens, or of its capsule, which prevents the passage of the rays of light and impairs or destroys the sight.
Cataract	A kind of hydraulic brake for regulating the action of pumping engines and other machines; -- sometimes called dashpot.
Cataractous	Of the nature of a cataract in the eye; affected with cataract.
Catarrh	An inflammatory affection of any mucous membrane, in which there are congestion, swelling, and an altertion in the quantity and quality of mucus secreted; as, catarrh of the stomach; catarrh of the bladder.
Catarrhal	Pertaining to, produced by, or attending, catarrh; of the nature of catarrh.
Catarrhine	One of the Catarrhina, a division of Quadrumana, including the Old World monkeys and apes which have the nostrils close together and turned downward. See Monkey.
Catarrhous	Catarrhal.
Catastaltic	Checking evacuations through astringent or styptic qualities.
Catastasis	That part of a speech, usually the exordium, in which the orator sets forth the subject matter to be discussed.
Catastasis	The state, or condition of anything; constitution; habit of body.
Catasterism	A placing among the stars; a catalogue of stars.
Catastrophe	An event producing a subversion of the order or system of things; a final event, usually of a calamitous or disastrous nature; hence, sudden calamity; great misfortune.
Catastrophe	The final event in a romance or a dramatic piece; a denouement, as a death in a tragedy, or a marriage in a comedy.
Catastrophe	A violent and widely extended change in the surface of the earth, as, an elevation or subsidence of some part of it, effected by internal causes.
Catastrophic	Of a pertaining to a catastrophe.
Catastrophism	The doctrine that the geological changes in the earth's crust have been caused by the sudden action of violent physical causes; -- opposed to the doctrine of uniformism.
Catastrophist	One who holds the theory or catastrophism.
Catawba	A well known light red variety of American grape.
Catawba	A light-colored, sprightly American wine from the Catawba grape.
Catawbas	An Appalachian tribe of Indians which originally inhabited the regions near the Catawba river and the head waters of the Santee.
Catbird	An American bird (Galeoscoptes Carolinensis), allied to the mocking bird, and like it capable of imitating the notes of other birds, but less perfectly. Its note resembles at times the mewing of a cat.
Catboat	A small sailboat, with a single mast placed as far forward as possible, carring a sail extended by a gaff and long boom. See Illustration in Appendix.
Catcall	A sound like the cry of a cat, such as is made in playhouses to express dissatisfaction with a play; also, a small shrill instrument for making such a noise.
Caught	of Catch
Catched	of Catch
Catching	of Catch
Catch	To lay hold on; to seize, especially with the hand; to grasp (anything) in motion, with the effect of holding; as, to catch a ball.
Catch	To seize after pursuing; to arrest; as, to catch a thief.
Catch	To take captive, as in a snare or net, or on a hook; as, to catch a bird or fish.
Catch	Hence: To insnare; to entangle.
Catch	To seize with the senses or the mind; to apprehend; as, to catch a melody.
Catch	To communicate to; to fasten upon; as, the fire caught the adjoining building.
Catch	To engage and attach; to please; to charm.
Catch	To get possession of; to attain.
Catch	To take or receive; esp. to take by sympathy, contagion, infection, or exposure; as, to catch the spirit of an occasion; to catch the measles or smallpox; to catch cold; the house caught fire.
Catch	To come upon unexpectedly or by surprise; to find; as, to catch one in the act of stealing.
Catch	To reach in time; to come up with; as, to catch a train.
Catch	To attain possession.
Catch	To be held or impeded by entanglement or a light obstruction; as, a kite catches in a tree; a door catches so as not to open.
Catch	To take hold; as, the bolt does not catch.
Catch	To spread by, or as by, infecting; to communicate.
Catch	Act of seizing; a grasp.
Catch	That by which anything is caught or temporarily fastened; as, the catch of a gate.
Catch	The posture of seizing; a state of preparation to lay hold of, or of watching he opportunity to seize; as, to lie on the catch.
Catch	That which is caught or taken; profit; gain; especially, the whole quantity caught or taken at one time; as, a good catch of fish.
Catch	Something desirable to be caught, esp. a husband or wife in matrimony.
Catch	Passing opportunities seized; snatches.
Catch	A slight remembrance; a trace.
Catch	A humorous canon or round, so contrived that the singers catch up each other's words.
Catchable	Capable of being caught.
Catch-basin	A cistern or vault at the point where a street gutter discharges into a sewer, to catch bulky matters which would not pass readily through the sewer.
Catchdrain	A ditch or drain along the side of a hill to catch the surface water; also, a ditch at the side of a canal to catch the surplus water.
Catcher	One who, or that which, catches.
Catcher	The player who stands behind the batsman to catch the ball.
Catchfly	A plant with the joints of the stem, and sometimes other parts, covered with a viscid secretion to which small insects adhere. The species of Silene are examples of the catchfly.
Catching	Infectious; contagious.
Catching	Captivating; alluring.
Catching	The act of seizing or taking hold of.
Catch-meadow	A meadow irrigated by water from a spring or rivulet on the side of hill.
Catchment	A surface of ground on which water may be caught and collected into a reservoir.
Catchpenny	Made or contrived for getting small sums of money from the ignorant or unwary; as, a catchpenny book; a catchpenny show.
Catchpenny	Some worthless catchpenny thing.
Catchpoll	A bailiff's assistant.
Catchup	Alt. of Catsup
Catsup	A table sauce made from mushrooms, tomatoes, walnuts, etc.
Catchwater	A ditch or drain for catching water. See Catchdrain.
Catchweed	See Cleavers.
Catchweight	Without any additional weight; without being handicapped; as, to ride catchweight.
Catchword	Among theatrical performers, the last word of the preceding speaker, which reminds one that he is to speak next; cue.
Catchword	The first word of any page of a book after the first, inserted at the right hand bottom corner of the preceding page for the assistance of the reader. It is seldom used in modern printing.
Catchword	A word or phrase caught up and repeated for effect; as, the catchword of a political party, etc.
Catchwork	A work or artificial water-course for throwing water on lands that lie on the slopes of hills; a catchdrain.
Cate	Food. [Obs.] See Cates.
Catechetic	Alt. of Catechetical
Catechetical	Relating to or consisting in, asking questions and receiving answers, according to the ancient manner of teaching.
Catechetically	In a catechetical manner; by question and answer.
Catechetics	The science or practice of instructing by questions and answers.
Catechin	One of the tannic acids, extracted from catechu as a white, crystalline substance; -- called also catechuic acid, and catechuin.
Catechisation	The act of catechising.
Catechised	of Catechise
Catechising	of Catechise
Catechise	To instruct by asking questions, receiving answers, and offering explanations and corrections, -- esp. in regard to points of religious faith.
Catechise	To question or interrogate; to examine or try by questions; -- sometimes with a view to reproof, by eliciting from a person answers which condemn his own conduct.
Catechiser	One who catechises.
Catechism	A form of instruction by means of questions and answers.
Catechism	A book containing a summary of principles, especially of religious doctrine, reduced to the form of questions and answers.
Catechismal	Of or pertaining to a catechism, having the form of questions and answers; catechetical.
Catechist	One who instructs by question and answer, especially in religions matters.
Catechistic	Alt. of Catechistical
Catechistical	Of or pertaining to a catechist or to a catechism.
Catechize	See Catechise.
Catechu	A dry, brown, astringent extract, obtained by decoction and evaporation from the Acacia catechu, and several other plants growing in India. It contains a large portion of tannin or tannic acid, and is used in medicine and in the arts. It is also known by the names terra japonica, cutch, gambier, etc.
Catechuic	Of or pertaining to catechu or its derivatives. See catechin.
Catechumen	One who is receiving rudimentary instruction in the doctrines of Christianity; a neophyte; in the primitive church, one officially recognized as a Christian, and admitted to instruction preliminary to admission to full membership in the church.
Catechumenate	The state or condition of a catechumen or the time during which one is a catechumen.
Catechumenical	Of or pertaining to catechumens; as, catechumenical instructions.
Catechumenist	A catechumen.
Categorematic	Capable of being employed by itself as a term; -- said of a word.
Categorical	Of or pertaining to a category.
Categorical	Not hypothetical or relative; admitting no conditions or exceptions; declarative; absolute; positive; express; as, a categorical proposition, or answer.
Categorically	Absolutely; directly; expressly; positively; as, to affirm categorically.
Categoricalness	The quality of being categorical, positive, or absolute.
Categorist	One who inserts in a category or list; one who classifies.
Categorize	To insert in a category or list; to class; to catalogue.
Categories	of Category
Category	One of the highest classes to which the objects of knowledge or thought can be reduced, and by which they can be arranged in a system; an ultimate or undecomposable conception; a predicament.
Category	Class; also, state, condition, or predicament; as, we are both in the same category.
Catel	Property; -- often used by Chaucer in contrast with rent, or income.
Catelectrode	The negative electrode or pole of a voltaic battery.
Catelectrotonic	Relating to, or characterized by, catelectrotonus.
Catelectrotonus	The condition of increased irritability of a nerve in the region of the cathode or negative electrode, on the passage of a current of electricity through it.
Catene	of Catena
Catena	A chain or series of things connected with each other.
Catenary	Alt. of Catenarian
Catenarian	Relating to a chain; like a chain; as, a catenary curve.
Catenary	The curve formed by a rope or chain of uniform density and perfect flexibility, hanging freely between two points of suspension, not in the same vertical line.
Catenated	of Catenate
Catenating	of Catenate
Catenate	To connect, in a series of links or ties; to chain.
Catenation	Connection of links or union of parts, as in a chain; a regular or connected series. See Concatenation.
Catenulate	Consisting of little links or chains.
Catenulate	Chainlike; -- said both or color marks and of indentations when arranged like the links of a chain, as on shells, etc.
Cater	A provider; a purveyor; a caterer.
Catered	of Cater
Catering	of Cater
Cater	To provide food; to buy, procure, or prepare provisions.
Cater	By extension: To supply what is needed or desired, at theatrical or musical entertainments; -- followed by for or to.
Cater	The four of cards or dice.
Cater	To cut diagonally.
Cateran	A Highland robber: a kind of irregular soldier.
Cater-cornered	Diagonal.
Cater-cousin	A remote relation. See Quater-cousin.
Caterer	One who caters.
Cateress	A woman who caters.
Caterpillar	The larval state of a butterfly or any lepidopterous insect; sometimes, but less commonly, the larval state of other insects, as the sawflies, which are also called false caterpillars. The true caterpillars have three pairs of true legs, and several pairs of abdominal fleshy legs (prolegs) armed with hooks. Some are hairy, others naked. They usually feed on leaves, fruit, and succulent vegetables, being often very destructive, Many of them are popularly called worms, as the cutworm, cankerworm, army worm, cotton worm, silkworm.
Caterpillar	A plant of the genus Scorpiurus, with pods resembling caterpillars.
Caterwauled	of Caterwaul
Caterwauling	of Caterwaul
Caterwaul	To cry as cats in rutting time; to make a harsh, offensive noise.
Caterwaul	A caterwauling.
Caterwauling	The cry of cats; a harsh, disagreeable noise or cry like the cry of cats.
Catery	The place where provisions are deposited.
Cates	Provisions; food; viands; especially, luxurious food; delicacies; dainties.
Cat-eyed	Having eyes like a cat; hence, able to see in the dark.
Catfall	A rope used in hoisting the anchor to the cathead.
Catfish	A name given in the United States to various species of siluroid fishes; as, the yellow cat (Amiurus natalis); the bind cat (Gronias nigrilabrus); the mud cat (Pilodictic oilwaris), the stone cat (Noturus flavus); the sea cat (Arius felis), etc.  This name is also sometimes applied to the wolf fish. See Bullhrad.
Catgut	A cord of great toughness made from the intestines of animals, esp. of sheep, used for strings of musical instruments, etc.
Catgut	A sort of linen or canvas, with wide interstices.
Catharine wheel	See catherine wheel.
Catharist	One aiming at or pretending to a greater purity of like than others about him; -- applied to persons of various sects. See Albigenses.
Cat-harpin	See Cat-harping.
Cat-harping	One of the short ropes or iron cramps used to brace in the shrouds toward the masts so a to give freer sweep to the yards.
Catharsis	A natural or artificial purgation of any passage, as of the mouth, bowels, etc.
Cathartic	Alt. of Catharical
Catharical	Cleansing the bowels; promoting evacuations by stool; purgative.
Catharical	Of or pertaining to the purgative principle of senna, as cathartic acid.
Cathartic	A medicine that promotes alvine discharges; a purge; a purgative of moderate activity.
Cathartin	The bitter, purgative principle of senna. It is a glucoside with the properties of a weak acid; -- called also cathartic acid, and cathartina.
Cathay	China; -- an old name for the Celestial Empire, said have been introduced by Marco Polo and to be a corruption of the Tartar name for North China (Khitai, the country of the Khitans.)
Cathead	A projecting piece of timber or iron near the bow of vessel, to which the anchor is hoisted and secured.
Cathedra	The official chair or throne of a bishop, or of any person in high authority.
Cathedral	The principal church in a diocese, so called because in it the bishop has his official chair (Cathedra) or throne.
Cathedral	Pertaining to the head church of a diocese; as, a cathedral church; cathedral service.
Cathedral	Emanating from the chair of office, as of a pope or bishop; official; authoritative.
Cathedral	Resembling the aisles of a cathedral; as, cathedral walks.
Cathedralic	Cathedral.
Cathedrated	Relating to the chair or office of a teacher.
Catheretic	A mild kind caustic used to reduce warts and other excrescences.
Catherine wheel	Same as Rose window and Wheel window. Called also Catherine-wheel window.
Catherine wheel	A revolving piece of fireworks resembling in form the window of the same name.
Catheter	The name of various instruments for passing along mucous canals, esp. applied to a tubular instrument to be introduced into the bladder through the urethra to draw off the urine.
Catheterism	Alt. of Catheterization
Catheterization	The operation of introducing a catheter.
Catheterized	of Catheterize
Catheterizing	of Catheterize
Catheterize	To operate on with a catheter.
Cathetometer	An instrument for the accurate measurement of small differences of height; esp. of the differences in the height of the upper surfaces of two columns of mercury or other fluid, or of the same column at different times. It consists of a telescopic leveling apparatus (d), which slides up or down a perpendicular metallic standard very finely graduated (bb). The telescope is raised or depressed in order to sight the objects or surfaces, and the differences in vertical height are thus shown on the graduated standard.
Catheti	of Cathetus
Cathetus	One line or radius falling perpendicularly on another; as, the catheti of a right-angled triangle, that is, the two sides that include the right angle.
Cathode	The part of a voltaic battery by which the electric current leaves substances through which it passes, or the surface at which the electric current passes out of the electrolyte; the negative pole; -- opposed to anode.
Cathodic	A term applied to the centrifugal, or efferent, course of the nervous influence.
Cat-hole	One of two small holes astern, above the gunroom ports, through which hawsers may be passed.
Catholic	Universal or general; as, the catholic faith.
Catholic	Not narrow-minded, partial, or bigoted; liberal; as, catholic tastes.
Catholic	Of or pertaining to, or affecting the Roman Catholics; as, the Catholic emancipation act.
Catholic	A person who accepts the creeds which are received in common by all parts of the orthodox Christian church.
Catholic	An adherent of the Roman Catholic church; a Roman Catholic.
Catholical	Catholic.
Catholicism	The state or quality of being catholic or universal; catholicity.
Catholicism	Liberality of sentiment; breadth of view.
Catholicism	The faith of the whole orthodox Christian church, or adherence thereto.
Catholicism	The doctrines or faith of the Roman Catholic church, or adherence thereto.
Catholicity	The state or quality of being catholic; universality.
Catholicity	Liberality of sentiments; catholicism.
Catholicity	Adherence or conformity to the system of doctrine held by all parts of the orthodox Christian church; the doctrine so held; orthodoxy.
Catholicity	Adherence to the doctrines of the church of Rome, or the doctrines themselves.
Catholicize	To make or to become catholic or Roman Catholic.
Catholicly	In a catholic manner; generally; universally.
Catholicness	The quality of being catholic; universality; catholicity.
Catholicon	A remedy for all diseases; a panacea.
Catholicos	The spiritual head of the Armenian church, who resides at Etchmiadzin, Russia, and has ecclesiastical jurisdiction over, and consecrates the holy oil for, the Armenians of Russia, Turkey, and Persia, including the Patriarchs of Constantinople, Jerusalem, and Sis.
Catilinarian	Pertaining to Catiline, the Roman conspirator; resembling Catiline's conspiracy.
Cation	An electro-positive substance, which in electro-decomposition is evolved at the cathode; -- opposed to anion.
Catkin	An ament; a species of inflorescence, consisting of a slender axis with many unisexual apetalous flowers along its sides, as in the willow and poplar, and (as to the staminate flowers) in the chestnut, oak, hickory, etc. -- so called from its resemblance to a cat's tail. See Illust. of Ament.
Catlike	Like a cat; stealthily; noiselessly.
Catling	A little cat; a kitten.
Catling	Catgut; a catgut string.
Catling	A double-edged, sharp-pointed dismembering knife.
Catlinite	A red clay from the Upper Missouri region, used by the Indians for their pipes.
Catnip	Alt. of Catmint
Catmint	A well-know plant of the genus Nepeta (N. Cataria), somewhat like mint, having a string scent, and sometimes used in medicine. It is so called because cats have a peculiar fondness for it.
Cato-cathartic	A remedy that purges by alvine discharges.
Catonian	Of, pertaining to, or resembling, the stern old Roman, Cato the Censor; severe; inflexible.
Cat o' nine tails	See under Cat.
Catopter	Alt. of Catoptron
Catoptron	A reflecting optical glass or instrument; a mirror.
Catoptric	Alt. of Catoptrical
Catoptrical	Of or pertaining to catoptrics; produced by reflection.
Catoptrics	That part of optics which explains the properties and phenomena of reflected light, and particularly that which is reflected from mirrors or polished bodies; -- formerly called anacamptics.
Catoptromancy	A species of divination, which was performed by letting down a mirror into water, for a sick person to look at his face in it. If his countenance appeared distorted and ghastly, it was an ill omen; if fresh and healthy, it was favorable.
Catopron	See Catopter.
Catpipe	See Catcall.
Cat-rigged	Rigged like a catboat.
Cat-salt	A sort of salt, finely granulated, formed out of the bittern or leach brine.
Cat's-eye	A variety of quartz or chalcedony, exhibiting opalescent reflections from within, like the eye of a cat. The name is given to other gems affording like effects, esp. the chrysoberyl.
Cat's-foot	A plant (Nepeta Glechoma) of the same genus with catnip; ground ivy.
Cat-silver	Mica.
Catskill period	The closing subdivision of the Devonian age in America. The rocks of this period are well developed in the Catskill mountains, and extend south and west under the Carboniferous formation. See the Diagram under Geology.
Catsos	of Catso
Catso	A base fellow; a rogue; a cheat.
Cat's-paw	A light transitory air which ruffles the surface of the water during a calm, or the ripples made by such a puff of air.
Cat's-paw	A particular hitch or turn in the bight of a rope, into which a tackle may be hooked.
Cat's-paw	A dupe; a tool; one who, or that which, is used by another as an instrument to a accomplish his purposes.
Cat's-tail	See Timothy, Cat-tail, Cirrus.
Catstick	A stick or club employed in the game of ball called cat or tipcat.
Catstitch	To fold and sew down the edge of with a coarse zigzag stitch.
Catsup	Same as Catchup, and Ketchup.
Cat-tail	A tall rush or flag (Typha latifolia) growing in marshes, with long, flat leaves, and having its flowers in a close cylindrical spike at the top of the stem. The leaves are frequently used for seating chairs, making mats, etc. See Catkin.
Cattish	Catlike; feline
Cattle	Quadrupeds of the Bovine family; sometimes, also, including all domestic quadrupeds, as sheep, goats, horses, mules, asses, and swine.
Catty	An East Indian Weight of 1 1/3 pounds.
Caucasian	Of or pertaining to the Caucasus, a mountainous region between the Black and Caspian seas.
Caucasian	Of or pertaining to the white races of mankind, of whom the people about Mount Caucasus were formerly taken as the type.
Caucasian	A native or inhabitant of the Caucasus, esp. a Circassian or Georgian.
Caucasian	A member of any of the white races of mankind.
Caucus	A meeting, especially a preliminary meeting, of persons belonging to a party, to nominate candidates for public office, or to select delegates to a nominating convention, or to confer regarding measures of party policy; a political primary meeting.
Caucused	of Caucus
Caucusing	of Caucus
Caucus	To hold, or meet in, a caucus or caucuses.
Caudad	Backwards; toward the tail or posterior part.
Cauda galli	A plume-shaped fossil, supposed to be a seaweed, characteristic of the lower Devonian rocks; as, the cauda galli grit.
Caudal	Of the nature of, or pertaining to, a tail; having a tail-like appendage.
Caudata	See Urodela.
Caudate	Alt. of Caudated
Caudated	Having a tail; having a termination like a tail.
Caudices	of Caudex
Caudexes	of Caudex
Caudex	The stem of a tree., esp. a stem without a branch, as of a palm or a tree fern; also, the perennial rootstock of an herbaceous plant.
Caudicle	Alt. of Caudicula
Caudicula	A slender, elastic process, to which the masses of pollen in orchidaceous plants are attached.
Caudle	A kind of warm drink for sick persons, being a mixture of wine with eggs, bread, sugar, and spices.
Caudled	of Caudle
Caudling	of Caudle
Caudle	To make into caudle.
Caudle	Too serve as a caudle to; to refresh.
Cauf	A chest with holes for keeping fish alive in water.
Caufle	A gang of slaves. Same as Coffle.
Caught	imp. & p. p. of Catch.
Cauk	Alt. of Cauker
Cauker	See Cawk, Calker.
Caul	A covering of network for the head, worn by women; also, a net.
Caul	The fold of membrane loaded with fat, which covers more or less of the intestines in mammals; the great omentum. See Omentum.
Caul	A part of the amnion, one of the membranes enveloping the fetus, which sometimes is round the head of a child at its birth.
Caulescent	Having a leafy stem.
Caulicle	A short caulis or stem, esp. the rudimentary stem seen in the embryo of seed; -- otherwise called a radicle.
Cauliculi	of Cauliculus
Cauliculus	In the Corinthian capital, one of the eight stalks rising out of the lower leafage and terminating in leaves which seem to support the volutes. See Illust. of Corinthian order, under Corinthian.
Cauliflower	An annual variety of Brassica oleracea, or cabbage, of which the cluster of young flower stalks and buds is eaten as a vegetable.
Cauliflower	The edible head or "curd" of a cauliflower plant.
Cauliform	Having the form of a caulis.
Cauline	Growing immediately on a caulis; of or pertaining to a caulis.
Caules	of Caulis
Caulis	An herbaceous or woody stem which bears leaves, and may bear flowers.
Caulk	See Calk.
Caulocarpous	Having stems which bear flowers and fruit year after year, as most trees and shrubs.
Cauma	Great heat, as of the body in fever.
Cauponize	To sell wine or victuals.
Causable	Capable of being caused.
Causal	Relating to a cause or causes; inplying or containing a cause or causes; expressing a cause; causative.
Causal	A causal word or form of speech.
Causality	The agency of a cause; the action or power of a cause, in producing its effect.
Causality	The faculty of tracing effects to their causes.
Causally	According to the order or series of causes; by tracing effects to causes.
Causally	The lighter, earthy parts of ore, carried off washing.
Causation	The act of causing; also the act or agency by which an effect is produced.
Causationist	One who believes in the law of universal causation.
Causative	Effective, as a cause or agent; causing.
Causative	Expressing a cause or reason; causal; as, the ablative is a causative case.
Causative	A word which expresses or suggests a cause.
Causatively	In a causative manner.
Causator	One who causes.
Cause	That which produces or effects a result; that from which anything proceeds, and without which it would not exist.
Cause	That which is the occasion of an action or state; ground; reason; motive; as, cause for rejoicing.
Cause	Sake; interest; advantage.
Cause	A suit or action in court; any legal process by which a party endeavors to obtain his claim, or what he regards as his right; case; ground of action.
Cause	Any subject of discussion or debate; matter; question; affair in general.
Cause	The side of a question, which is espoused, advocated, and upheld by a person or party; a principle which is advocated; that which a person or party seeks to attain.
Caused	of Cause
Causing	of Cause
Cause	To effect as an agent; to produce; to be the occasion of; to bring about; to bring into existence; to make; -- usually followed by an infinitive, sometimes by that with a finite verb.
Cause	To assign or show cause; to give a reason; to make excuse.
Cause	Abbreviation of Because.
Causeful	Having a cause.
Causeless	1. Self-originating; uncreated.
Causeless	Without just or sufficient reason; groundless.
Causeless	Without cause or reason.
Causelessness	The state of being causeless.
Causer	One who or that which causes.
Causeuse	A kind of sofa for two persons. A tete-/-tete.
Causeway	Alt. of Causey
Causey	A way or road raised above the natural level of the ground, serving as a dry passage over wet or marshy ground.
Causewayed	Alt. of Causeyed
Causeyed	Having a raised way (causeway or causey); paved.
Causidical	Pertaining to an advocate, or to the maintenance and defense of suits.
Caustic	Alt. of Caustical
Caustical	Capable of destroying the texture of anything or eating away its substance by chemical action; burning; corrosive; searing.
Caustical	Severe; satirical; sharp; as, a caustic remark.
Caustic	Any substance or means which, applied to animal or other organic tissue, burns, corrodes, or destroys it by chemical action; an escharotic.
Caustic	A caustic curve or caustic surface.
Caustically	In a caustic manner.
Causticily	The quality of being caustic; corrosiveness; as, the causticity of potash.
Causticily	Severity of language; sarcasm; as, the causticity of a reply or remark.
Causticness	The quality of being caustic; causticity.
Cautel	Caution; prudence; wariness.
Cautel	Craft; deceit; falseness.
Cautelous	Caution; prudent; wary.
Cautelous	Crafty; deceitful; false.
Cauter	A hot iron for searing or cauterizing.
Cauterant	A cauterizing substance.
Cauterism	The use or application of a caustic; cautery.
Cauterization	The act of searing some morbid part by the application of a cautery or caustic; also, the effect of such application.
Cauterized	of Cauterize
Cauterizing	of Cauterize
Cauterize	To burn or sear with a cautery or caustic.
Cauterize	To sear, as the conscience.
Cauteries	of Cautery
Cautery	A burning or searing, as of morbid flesh, with a hot iron, or by application of a caustic that will burn, corrode, or destroy animal tissue.
Cautery	The iron of other agent in cauterizing.
Caution	A careful attention to the probable effects of an act, in order that failure or harm may be avoided; prudence in regard to danger; provident care; wariness.
Caution	Security; guaranty; bail.
Caution	Precept or warning against evil of any kind; exhortation to wariness; advice; injunction.
Cautioned	of Caution
Cautioning	of Caution
Caution	To give notice of danger to; to warn; to exhort [one] to take heed.
Cautionary	Conveying a caution, or warning to avoid danger; as, cautionary signals.
Cautionary	Given as a pledge or as security.
Cautionary	Wary; cautious.
Cautioner	One who cautions or advises.
Cautioner	A surety or sponsor.
Cautionry	Suretyship.
Cautious	Attentive to examine probable effects and consequences of acts with a view to avoid danger or misfortune; prudent; circumspect; wary; watchful; as, a cautious general.
Cautiously	In a cautious manner.
Cautiousness	The quality of being cautious.
Cavalcade	A procession of persons on horseback; a formal, pompous march of horsemen by way of parade.
Cavalero	Alt. of Cavaliero
Cavaliero	A cavalier; a gallant; a libertine.
Cavalier	A military man serving on horseback; a knight.
Cavalier	A gay, sprightly, military man; hence, a gallant.
Cavalier	One of the court party in the time of king Charles I. as contrasted with a Roundhead or an adherent of Parliament.
Cavalier	A work of more than ordinary height, rising from the level ground of a bastion, etc., and overlooking surrounding parts.
Cavalier	Gay; easy; offhand; frank.
Cavalier	High-spirited.
Cavalier	Supercilious; haughty; disdainful; curt; brusque.
Cavalier	Of or pertaining to the party of King Charles I.
Cavalierish	Somewhat like a cavalier.
Cavalierism	The practice or principles of cavaliers.
Cavalierly	In a supercilious, disdainful, or haughty manner; arrogantly.
Cavalierness	A disdainful manner.
Cavally	A carangoid fish of the Atlantic coast (Caranx hippos): -- called also horse crevalle. [See Illust. under Carangoid.]
Cavalry	That part of military force which serves on horseback.
Cavalryman	One of a body of cavalry.
Cavatina	Originally, a melody of simpler form than the aria; a song without a second part and a da capo; -- a term now variously and vaguely used.
Cave	A hollow place in the earth, either natural or artificial; a subterraneous cavity; a cavern; a den.
Cave	Any hollow place, or part; a cavity.
Caved	of Cave
Caving	of Cave
Cave	To make hollow; to scoop out.
Cave	To dwell in a cave.
Cave	To fall in or down; as, the sand bank caved. Hence (Slang), to retreat from a position; to give way; to yield in a disputed matter.
Caveat	A notice given by an interested party to some officer not to do a certain act until the party is heard in opposition; as, a caveat entered in a probate court to stop the proving of a will or the taking out of letters of administration, etc.
Caveat	A description of some invention, designed to be patented, lodged in the patent office before the patent right is applied for, and operating as a bar to the issue of letters patent to any other person, respecting the same invention.
Caveat	Intimation of caution; warning; protest.
Caveating	Shifting the sword from one side of an adversary's sword to the other.
Caveator	One who enters a caveat.
Cavendish	Leaf tobacco softened, sweetened, and pressed into plugs or cakes.
Cavern	A large, deep, hollow place in the earth; a large cave.
Caverned	Containing caverns.
Caverned	Living in a cavern.
Cavernous	Full of caverns; resembling a cavern or large cavity; hollow.
Cavernous	Filled with small cavities or cells.
Cavernous	Having a sound caused by a cavity.
Cavernulous	Full of little cavities; as, cavernulous metal.
Cavesson	Alt. of Cavezon
Cavezon	A kind of noseband used in breaking and training horses.
Cavetto	A concave molding; -- used chiefly in classical architecture.  See Illust. of Column.
Caviare	Alt. of Caviar
Caviar	The roes of the sturgeon, prepared and salted; -- used as a relish, esp. in Russia.
Cavicorn	Having hollow horns.
Cavicornia	A group of ruminants whose horns are hollow, and planted on a bony process of the front, as the ox.
Caviled	of Cavil
Cavilled	of Cavil
Caviling	of Cavil
Cavilling	of Cavil
Cavil	To raise captious and frivolous objections; to find fault without good reason.
Cavil	To cavil at.
Cavil	A captious or frivolous objection.
Caviler	Alt. of Caviller
Caviller	One who cavils.
Caviling	Disposed to cavil; finding fault without good reason. See Captious.
Cavilingly	In a caviling manner.
Cavillation	Frivolous or sophistical objection.
Cavilous	Alt. of Cavillous
Cavillous	Characterized by caviling, or disposed to cavil; quibbing.
Cavin	A hollow way, adapted to cover troops, and facilitate their aproach to a place.
Cavitary	Containing a body cavity; as, the cavitary or nematoid worms.
Cavities	of Cavity
Cavity	Hollowness.
Cavity	A hollow place; a hollow; as, the abdominal cavity.
Cavo-relievo	Cavo-rilievo.
Cavo-rilievo	Hollow relief; sculpture in relief within a sinking made for the purpose, so no part of it projects beyond the plain surface around.
Cavorted	of Cavort
Cavorting	of Cavort
Cavort	To prance ostentatiously; -- said of a horse or his rider.
Cavies	of Cavy
Cavy	A rodent of the genera Cavia and Dolichotis, as the guinea pig (Cavia cobaya). Cavies are natives of South America.
Cawed	of Caw
Cawing	of Caw
Caw	To cry like a crow, rook, or raven.
Caw	The cry made by the crow, rook, or raven.
Cawk	An opaque, compact variety of barite, or heavy spar.
Cawker	See Calker.
Cawky	Of or pertaining to cawk; like cawk.
Caxon	A kind of wig.
Caxton	Any book printed by William Caxton, the first English printer.
Cay	See Key, a ledge.
Cayenne	Cayenne pepper.
Cayman	The south America alligator. See Alligator.
Cayugas	A tribe of Indians formerly inhabiting western New-York, forming part of the confederacy called the Five Nations.
Cayuse	An Indian pony.
Cazique	Alt. of Cazic
Cazic	A chief or petty king among some tribes of Indians in America.
Ceased	of Cease
Ceasing	of Cease
Cease	To come to an end; to stop; to leave off or give over; to desist; as, the noise ceased.
Cease	To be wanting; to fail; to pass away.
Cease	To put a stop to; to bring to an end.
Cease	Extinction.
Ceaseless	Without pause or end; incessant.
Ceaseless	Without intermission or end.
Cecidomyia	A genus of small dipterous files, including several very injurious species, as the Hessian fly. See Hessian fly.
Cecity	Blindness.
Cecutiency	Partial blindness, or a tendency to blindness.
Cedar	The name of several evergreen trees. The wood is remarkable for its durability and fragrant odor.
Cedar	Of or pertaining to cedar.
Cedared	Covered, or furnished with, cedars.
Cedarn	Of or pertaining to the cedar or its wood.
Ceded	of Cede
Ceding	of Cede
Cede	To yield or surrender; to give up; to resign; as, to cede a fortress, a province, or country, to another nation, by treaty.
Cedilla	A mark placed under the letter c [thus, c], to show that it is to be sounded like s, as in facade.
Cedrat	Properly the citron, a variety of Citrus medica, with large fruits, not acid, and having a high perfume.
Cedrene	A rich aromatic oil, C15H24, extracted from oil of red cedar, and regarded as a polymeric terpene; also any one of a class of similar substances, as the essential oils of cloves, cubebs, juniper, etc., of which cedrene proper is the type.
Cedrine	Of or pertaining to cedar or the cedar tree.
Cedriret	Same as Coerulignone.
Cedry	Of the nature of cedar.
Cedule	A scroll; a writing; a schedule.
Ceduous	Fit to be felled.
Ceiled	of Ceil
Ceiling	of Ceil
Ceil	To overlay or cover the inner side of the roof of; to furnish with a ceiling; as, to ceil a room.
Ceil	To line or finish a surface, as of a wall, with plaster, stucco, thin boards, or the like.
Ceiling	The inside lining of a room overhead; the under side of the floor above; the upper surface opposite to the floor.
Ceiling	The lining or finishing of any wall or other surface, with plaster, thin boards, etc.; also, the work when done.
Ceiling	The inner planking of a vessel.
Ceint	A girdle.
Celadon	A pale sea-green color; also, porcelain or fine pottery of this tint.
Celandine	A perennial herbaceous plant (Chelidonium majus) of the poppy family, with yellow flowers. It is used as a medicine in jaundice, etc., and its acrid saffron-colored juice is used to cure warts and the itch; -- called also greater celandine and swallowwort.
Celature	The act or art of engraving or embossing.
Celature	That which is engraved.
Celebrant	One who performs a public religious rite; -- applied particularly to an officiating priest in the Roman Catholic Church, as distinguished from his assistants.
Celebrated	of Celebrate
Celebrating	of Celebrate
Celebrate	To extol or honor in a solemn manner; as, to celebrate the name of the Most High.
Celebrate	To honor by solemn rites, by ceremonies of joy and respect, or by refraining from ordinary business; to observe duly; to keep; as, to celebrate a birthday.
Celebrate	To perform or participate in, as a sacrament or solemn rite; to solemnize; to perform with appropriate rites; as, to celebrate a marriage.
Celebrated	Having celebrity; distinguished; renowned.
Celebration	The act, process, or time of celebrating.
Celebrator	One who celebrates; a praiser.
Celebrious	Famous.
Celebrities	of Celebrity
Celebrity	Celebration; solemnization.
Celebrity	The state or condition of being celebrated; fame; renown; as, the celebrity of Washington.
Celebrity	A person of distinction or renown; -- usually in the plural; as, he is one of the celebrities of the place.
Celeriac	Turnip-rooted celery, a from of celery with a large globular root, which is used for food.
Celerity	Rapidity of motion; quickness; swiftness.
Celery	A plant of the Parsley family (Apium graveolens), of which the blanched leafstalks are used as a salad.
Celestial	Belonging to the aerial regions, or visible heavens.
Celestial	Of or pertaining to the spiritual heaven; heavenly; divine.
Celestial	An inhabitant of heaven.
Celestial	A native of China.
Celestialize	To make celestial.
Celestially	In a celestial manner.
Celestify	To make like heaven.
Celestine	Alt. of Celestite
Celestite	Native strontium sulphate, a mineral so named from its occasional delicate blue color. It occurs crystallized, also in compact massive and fibrous forms.
Celestine	Alt. of Celestinian
Celestinian	A monk of the austere branch of the Franciscan Order founded by Celestine V. in the 13th centry.
Celiac	See Coellac.
Celibacy	The state of being unmarried; single life, esp. that of a bachelor, or of one bound by vows not to marry.
Celibate	Celibate state; celibacy.
Celibate	One who is unmarried, esp. a bachelor, or one bound by vows not to marry.
Celibate	Unmarried; single; as, a celibate state.
Celibatist	One who lives unmarried.
Celidography	A description of apparent spots on the disk of the sun, or on planets.
Cell	A very small and close apartment, as in a prison or in a monastery or convent; the hut of a hermit.
Cell	A small religious house attached to a monastery or convent.
Cell	Any small cavity, or hollow place.
Cell	The space between the ribs of a vaulted roof.
Cell	Same as Cella.
Cell	A jar of vessel, or a division of a compound vessel, for holding the exciting fluid of a battery.
Cell	One of the minute elementary structures, of which the greater part of the various tissues and organs of animals and plants are composed.
Celled	of Cell
Cell	To place or inclose in a cell.
Cella	The part inclosed within the walls of an ancient temple, as distinguished from the open porticoes.
Cellar	A room or rooms under a building, and usually below the surface of the ground, where provisions and other stores are kept.
Cellarage	The space or storerooms of a cellar; a cellar.
Cellarage	Chare for storage in a cellar.
Cellarer	A steward or butler of a monastery or chapter; one who has charge of procuring and keeping the provisions.
Cellaret	A receptacle, as in a dining room, for a few bottles of wine or liquor, made in the form of a chest or coffer, or a deep drawer in a sideboard, and usually lined with metal.
Cellarist	Same as Cellarer.
Celled	Containing a cell or cells.
Cellepore	A genus of delicate branching corals, made up of minute cells, belonging to the Bryozoa.
Celliferous	Bearing or producing cells.
Cellos	of Cello
Celli	of Cello
Cello	A contraction for Violoncello.
Cellular	Consisting of, or containing, cells; of or pertaining to a cell or cells.
Cellulated	Cellular.
Cellule	A small cell.
Celluliferous	Bearing or producing little cells.
Cellulitis	An inflammantion of the cellular or areolar tissue, esp. of that lying immediately beneath the skin.
Celluloid	A substance composed essentially of gun cotton and camphor, and when pure resembling ivory in texture and color, but variously colored to imitate coral, tortoise shell, amber, malachite, etc. It is used in the manufacture of jewelry and many small articles, as combs, brushes, collars, and cuffs; -- originally called xylonite.
Cellulose	Consisting of, or containing, cells.
Cellulose	The substance which constitutes the essential part of the solid framework of plants, of ordinary wood, linen, paper, etc. It is also found to a slight extent in certain animals, as the tunicates. It is a carbohydrate, (C6H10O5)n, isomeric with starch, and is convertible into starches and sugars by the action of heat and acids. When pure, it is a white amorphous mass. See Starch, Granulose, Lignin.
Celotomy	The act or operation of cutting, to relieve the structure in strangulated hernia.
Celsiture	Height; altitude.
Celsius	The Celsius thermometer or scale, so called from Anders Celsius, a Swedish astronomer, who invented it. It is the same as the centigrade thermometer or scale.
Celt	One of an ancient race of people, who formerly inhabited a great part of Central and Western Europe, and whose descendants at the present day occupy Ireland, Wales, the Highlands of Scotland, and the northern shores of France.
Celt	A weapon or implement of stone or metal, found in the tumuli, or barrows, of the early Celtic nations.
Celtiberian	Of or pertaining to the ancient Celtiberia (a district in Spain lying between the Ebro and the Tagus) or its inhabitants the Celtiberi (Celts of the river Iberus).
Celtiberian	An inhabitant of Celtiberia.
Celtic	Of or pertaining to the Celts; as, Celtic people, tribes, literature, tongue.
Celtic	The language of the Celts.
Celticism	A custom of the Celts, or an idiom of their language.
Celticize	To render Celtic; to assimilate to the Celts.
Cembalo	An old name for the harpsichord.
Cement	Any substance used for making bodies adhere to each other, as mortar, glue, etc.
Cement	A kind of calcined limestone, or a calcined mixture of clay and lime, for making mortar which will harden under water.
Cement	The powder used in cementation. See Cementation, n., 2.
Cement	Bond of union; that which unites firmly, as persons in friendship, or men in society.
Cement	The layer of bone investing the root and neck of a tooth; -- called also cementum.
Cemented	of Cement
Cementing	of Cement
Cement	To unite or cause to adhere by means of a cement.
Cement	To unite firmly or closely.
Cement	To overlay or coat with cement; as, to cement a cellar bottom.
Cement	To become cemented or firmly united; to cohere.
Cemental	Of or pertaining to cement, as of a tooth; as, cemental tubes.
Cementation	The act or process of cementing.
Cementation	A process which consists in surrounding a solid body with the powder of other substances, and heating the whole to a degree not sufficient to cause fusion, the physical properties of the body being changed by chemical combination with powder; thus iron becomes steel by cementation with charcoal, and green glass becomes porcelain by cementation with sand.
Cementatory	Having the quality of cementing or uniting firmly.
Cementer	A person or thing that cements.
Cementitious	Of the nature of cement.
Cemeterial	Of or pertaining to a cemetery.
Cemeteries	of Cemetery
Cemetery	A place or ground set apart for the burial of the dead; a graveyard; a churchyard; a necropolis.
Cenanthy	The absence or suppression of the essential organs (stamens and pistil) in a flower.
Cenation	Meal-taking; dining or supping.
Cenatory	Of or pertaining to dinner or supper.
Cenobite	One of a religious order, dwelling in a convent, or a community, in opposition to an anchoret, or hermit, who lives in solitude.
Cenobitic	Alt. of Cenobitical
Cenobitical	Of or pertaining to a cenobite.
Cenobitism	The state of being a cenobite; the belief or practice of a cenobite.
Cenogamy	The state of a community which permits promiscuous sexual intercourse among its members, as in certain societies practicing communism.
Cenotaph	An empty tomb or a monument erected in honor of a person who is buried elsewhere.
Cenotaphy	A cenotaph.
Cenozoic	Belonging to the most recent division of geological time, including the tertiary, or Age of mammals, and the Quaternary, or Age of man. [Written also caenozoic, cainozoic, kainozoic.] See Geology.
Cense	A census; -- also, a public rate or tax.
Cense	Condition; rank.
Censed	of Cense
Censing	of Cense
Cense	To perfume with odors from burning gums and spices.
Cense	To burn or scatter incense.
Censer	A vessel for perfumes; esp. one in which incense is burned.
Censor	One of two magistrates of Rome who took a register of the number and property of citizens, and who also exercised the office of inspector of morals and conduct.
Censor	One who is empowered to examine manuscripts before they are committed to the press, and to forbid their publication if they contain anything obnoxious; -- an official in some European countries.
Censor	One given to fault-finding; a censurer.
Censor	A critic; a reviewer.
Censorial	Belonging to a censor, or to the correction of public morals.
Censorial	Full of censure; censorious.
Censorian	Censorial.
Censorious	Addicted to censure; apt to blame or condemn; severe in making remarks on others, or on their writings or manners.
Censorious	Implying or expressing censure; as, censorious remarks.
Censorship	The office or power of a censor; as, to stand for a censorship.
Censual	Relating to, or containing, a census.
Censurable	Deserving of censure; blamable; culpable; reprehensible; as, a censurable person, or censurable conduct.
Censure	Judgment either favorable or unfavorable; opinion.
Censure	The act of blaming or finding fault with and condemning as wrong; reprehension; blame.
Censure	Judicial or ecclesiastical sentence or reprimand; condemnatory judgment.
Censured	of Censure
Censuring	of Censure
Censure	To form or express a judgment in regard to; to estimate; to judge.
Censure	To find fault with and condemn as wrong; to blame; to express disapprobation of.
Censure	To condemn or reprimand by a judicial or ecclesiastical sentence.
Censure	To judge.
Censurer	One who censures.
Census	A numbering of the people, and valuation of their estate, for the purpose of imposing taxes, etc.; -- usually made once in five years.
Census	An official registration of the number of the people, the value of their estates, and other general statistics of a country.
Cent	A hundred; as, ten per cent, the proportion of ten parts in a hundred.
Cent	A United States coin, the hundredth part of a dollar, formerly made of copper, now of copper, tin, and zinc.
Cent	An old game at cards, supposed to be like piquet; -- so called because 100 points won the game.
Centage	Rate by the hundred; percentage.
Cental	A weight of one hundred pounds avoirdupois; -- called in many parts of the United States a Hundredweight.
Cental	Relating to a hundred.
Centare	A measure of area, the hundredth part of an are; one square meter, or about 1/ square yards.
Centaur	A fabulous being, represented as half man and half horse.
Centaur	A constellation in the southern heavens between Hydra and the Southern Cross.
Centaurea	A large genus of composite plants, related to the thistles and including the cornflower or bluebottle (Centaurea Cyanus) and the star thistle (C. Calcitrapa).
Centaury	A gentianaceous plant not fully identified. The name is usually given to the Erytheraea Centaurium and the Chlora perfoliata of Europe, but is also extended to the whole genus Sabbatia, and even to the unrelated Centaurea.
Centenarian	Of or relating to a hundred years.
Centenarian	A person a hundred years old.
Centenary	Relating to, or consisting of, a hundred.
Centenary	Occurring once in every hundred years; centennial.
Centenaries	of Centenary
Centenary	The aggregate of a hundred single things; specifically, a century.
Centenary	A commemoration or celebration of an event which occurred a hundred years before.
Centennial	Relating to, or associated with, the commemoration of an event that happened a hundred years before; as, a centennial ode.
Centennial	Happening once in a hundred years; as, centennial jubilee; a centennial celebration.
Centennial	Lasting or aged a hundred years.
Centennial	The celebration of the hundredth anniversary of any event; a centenary.
Centennially	Once in a hundred years.
Center	A point equally distant from the extremities of a line, figure, or body, or from all parts of the circumference of a circle; the middle point or place.
Center	The middle or central portion of anything.
Center	A principal or important point of concentration; the nucleus around which things are gathered or to which they tend; an object of attention, action, or force; as, a center of attaction.
Center	The earth.
Center	Those members of a legislative assembly (as in France) who support the existing government. They sit in the middle of the legislative chamber, opposite the presiding officer, between the conservatives or monarchists, who sit on the right of the speaker, and the radicals or advanced republicans who occupy the seats on his left, See Right, and Left.
Center	A temporary structure upon which the materials of a vault or arch are supported in position until the work becomes self-supporting.
Center	One of the two conical steel pins, in a lathe, etc., upon which the work is held, and about which it revolves.
Center	A conical recess, or indentation, in the end of a shaft or other work, to receive the point of a center, on which the work can turn, as in a lathe.
Centered	of Centre
Centred	of Centre
Centering	of Centre
Centring	of Centre
Center	Alt. of Centre
Centre	To be placed in a center; to be central.
Centre	To be collected to a point; to be concentrated; to rest on, or gather about, as a center.
Center	Alt. of Centre
Centre	To place or fix in the center or on a central point.
Centre	To collect to a point; to concentrate.
Centre	To form a recess or indentation for the reception of a center.
Centerbit	Alt. of Centrebit
Centrebit	An instrument turning on a center, for boring holes. See Bit, n., 3.
Centerboard	Alt. of Centreboard
Centreboard	A movable or sliding keel formed of a broad board or slab of wood or metal which may be raised into a water-tight case amidships, when in shallow water, or may be lowered to increase the area of lateral resistance and prevent leeway when the vessel is beating to windward. It is used in vessels of all sizes along the coast of the United States
Centerfire cartridge	See under Cartridge.
Centering	Same as Center, n., 6.
Centerpiece	Alt. of Centrepiece
Centrepiece	An ornament to be placed in the center, as of a table, ceiling, atc.; a central article or figure.
Centesimal	Hundredth.
Centesimal	A hundredth part.
Centesimation	The infliction of the death penalty upon one person in every hundred, as in cases of mutiny.
Centesm	Hundredth.
-mi	of Centesimo
Centesimo	A copper coin of Italy and Spain equivalent to a centime.
Centiare	See centare.
Centicipitous	Hundred-headed.
Centifidous	Divided into a hundred parts.
Centifolious	Having a hundred leaves.
Centigrade	Consisting of a hundred degrees; graduated into a hundred divisions or equal parts.
Centigrade	Of or pertaining to the centigrade thermometer; as, 10 centigrade (or 10 C.).
Centigram	Alt. of Centigramme
Centigramme	The hundredth part of a gram; a weight equal to .15432 of a grain. See Gram.
Centiliter	Alt. of Centilitre
Centilitre	The hundredth part of a liter; a measure of volume or capacity equal to a little more than six tenths (0.6102) of a cubic inch, or one third (0.338) of a fluid ounce.
Centiloquy	A work divided into a hundred parts.
Centime	The hundredth part of a franc; a small French copper coin and money of account.
Centimeter	Alt. of Centimetre
Centimetre	The hundredth part of a meter; a measure of length equal to rather more than thirty-nine hundredths (0.3937) of an inch. See Meter.
Centinel	Sentinel.
Centinody	A weed with a stem of many joints (Illecebrum verticillatum); also, the Polygonum aviculare or knotgrass.
Centiped	A species of the Myriapoda; esp. the large, flattened, venomous kinds of the order Chilopoda, found in tropical climates. they are many-jointed, and have a great number of feet.
Centistere	The hundredth part of a stere, equal to .353 cubic feet.
Centner	A weight divisible first into a hundred parts, and then into smaller parts.
Centner	The commercial hundredweight in several of the continental countries, varying in different places from 100 to about 112 pounds.
Centos	of Cento
Cento	A literary or a musical composition formed by selections from different authors disposed in a new order.
Centonism	The composition of a cento; the act or practice of composing a cento or centos.
Central	Relating to the center; situated in or near the center or middle; containing the center; of or pertaining to the parts near the center; equidistant or equally accessible from certain points.
Central	Alt. of Centrale
Centrale	The central, or one of the central, bones of the carpus or or tarsus. In the tarsus of man it is represented by the navicular.
Centralism	The state or condition of being central; the combination of several parts into one whole; centralization.
Centralism	The system by which power is centralized, as in a government.
Centralities	of Centrality
Centrality	The state of being central; tendency towards a center.
Centralization	The act or process of centralizing, or the state of being centralized; the act or process of combining or reducing several parts into a whole; as, the centralization of power in the general government; the centralization of commerce in a city.
Centralized	of Centralize
Centralizing	of Centralize
Centralize	To draw or bring to a center point; to gather into or about a center; to bring into one system, or under one control.
Centrally	In a central manner or situation.
Centre	See Center.
Centric	Alt. of Centrical
Centrical	Placed in the center or middle; central.
Centricity	The state or quality of being centric; centricalness.
Centrifugal	Tending, or causing, to recede from the center.
Centrifugal	Expanding first at the summit, and later at the base, as a flower cluster.
Centrifugal	Having the radicle turned toward the sides of the fruit, as some embryos.
Centrifugal	A centrifugal machine.
Centrifugence	The property or quality of being centrifugal.
Centring	See Centring.
Centripetal	Tending, or causing, to approach the center.
Centripetal	Expanding first at the base of the inflorescence, and proceeding in order towards the summit.
Centripetal	Having the radicle turned toward the axis of the fruit, as some embryos.
Centripetal	Progressing by changes from the exterior of a thing toward its center; as, the centripetal calcification of a bone.
Centripetence	Centripetency.
Centripetency	Tendency toward the center.
Centriscoid	Allied to, or resembling, the genus Centriscus, of which the bellows fish is an example.
Centrobaric	Relating to the center of gravity, or to the process of finding it.
Centrode	In two figures having relative motion, one of the two curves which are the loci of the instantaneous center.
Centroid	The center of mass, inertia, or gravity of a body or system of bodies.
Centrolecithal	Having the food yolk placed at the center of the ovum, segmentation being either regular or unequal.
Centrolinead	An instrument for drawing lines through a point, or lines converging to a center.
Centrolineal	Converging to a center; -- applied to lines drawn so as to meet in a point or center.
Centrosome	A peculiar rounded body lying near the nucleus of a cell. It is regarded as the dynamic element by means of which the machinery of cell division is organized.
Centrostaltic	A term applied to the action of nerve force in the spinal center.
Centrums	of Centrum
Centra	of Centrum
Centrum	The body, or axis, of a vertebra. See Vertebra.
Centry	See Sentry.
Centumviri	of Centumvir
Centumvir	One of a court of about one hundred judges chosen to try civil suits. Under the empire the court was increased to 180, and met usually in four sections.
Centumviral	Of or pertaining to the centumviri, or to a centumvir.
Centumvirate	The office of a centumvir, or of the centumviri.
Centuple	Hundredfold.
Centuple	To increase a hundredfold.
Centuplicated	of Centuplicate
Centuplicating	of Centuplicate
Centuplicate	To make a hundredfold; to repeat a hundred times.
Centurial	Of or pertaining to a century; as, a centurial sermon.
Centuriate	Pertaining to, or divided into, centuries or hundreds.
Centuriate	To divide into hundreds.
Centuriator	Alt. of Centurist
Centurist	An historian who distinguishes time by centuries, esp. one of those who wrote the "Magdeburg Centuries." See under Century.
Centurion	A military officer who commanded a minor division of the Roman army; a captain of a century.
Centuries	of Century
Century	A hundred; as, a century of sonnets; an aggregate of a hundred things.
Century	A period of a hundred years; as, this event took place over two centuries ago.
Century	A division of the Roman people formed according to their property, for the purpose of voting for civil officers.
Century	One of sixty companies into which a legion of the army was divided. It was Commanded by a centurion.
Cepevorous	Feeding upon onions.
Cephalad	Forwards; towards the head or anterior extremity of the body; opposed to caudad.
Cephalalgia	Alt. of Cephalalgy
Cephalalgy	Pain in the head; headache.
Cephalalgic	Relating to, or affected with, headache.
Cephalalgic	A remedy for the headache.
Cephalanthium	Same as Anthodium.
Cephalaspis	A genus of fossil ganoid fishes found in the old red sandstone or Devonian formation. The head is large, and protected by a broad shield-shaped helmet prolonged behind into two lateral points.
Cephalata	A large division of Mollusca, including all except the bivalves; -- so called because the head is distinctly developed. See Illustration in Appendix.
Cephalate	Having a head.
Cephalic	Of or pertaining to the head. See the Note under Anterior.
Cephalic	A medicine for headache, or other disorder in the head.
Cephalitis	Same as Phrenitis.
Cephalization	Domination of the head in animal life as expressed in the physical structure; localization of important organs or parts in or near the head, in animal development.
Cephalo	A combining form denoting the head, of the head, connected with the head; as, cephalosome, cephalopod.
Cephalocercal	Relating to the long axis of the body.
Cephaloid	Shaped like the head.
Cephalology	The science which treats of the head.
Cephalomere	One of the somites (arthromeres) which make up the head of arthropods.
Cephalometer	An instrument measuring the dimensions of the head of a fetus during delivery.
Cephalon	The head.
Cephalophora	The cephalata.
Cephalopod	Alt. of Cephalopode
Cephalopode	One of the Cephalopoda.
Cephalopoda	The highest class of Mollusca.
Cephalopodic	Alt. of Cephalopodous
Cephalopodous	Belonging to, or resembling, the cephalopods.
Cephaloptera	One of the generic names of the gigantic ray (Manta birostris), known as devilfish and sea devil. It is common on the coasts of South Carolina, Florida, and farther south. Some of them grow to enormous size, becoming twenty feet of more across the body, and weighing more than a ton.
Cephalosome	The anterior region or head of insects and other arthropods.
Cephalostyle	The anterior end of the notochord and its bony sheath in the base of cartilaginous crania.
Cephalothorax	The anterior portion of any one of the Arachnida and higher Crustacea, consisting of the united head and thorax.
Cephalotome	An instrument for cutting into the fetal head, to facilitate delivery.
Cephalotomy	Dissection or opening of the head.
Cephalotomy	Craniotomy; -- usually applied to bisection of the fetal head with a saw.
Cephalotribe	An obstetrical instrument for performing cephalotripsy.
Cephalotripsy	The act or operation of crushing the head of a fetus in the womb in order to effect delivery.
Cephalotrocha	A kind of annelid larva with a circle of cilia around the head.
Cephalous	Having a head; -- applied chiefly to the Cephalata, a division of mollusks.
Cepheus	A northern constellation near the pole. Its head, which is in the Milky Way, is marked by a triangle formed by three stars of the fourth magnitude. See Cassiopeia.
Ceraceous	Having the texture and color of new wax; like wax; waxy.
Cerago	Beebread.
Ceramic	Of or pertaining to pottery; relating to the art of making earthenware; as, ceramic products; ceramic ornaments for ceilings.
Ceramics	The art of making things of baked clay; as pottery, tiles, etc.
Ceramics	Work formed of clay in whole or in part, and baked; as, vases, urns, etc.
Cerargyrite	Native silver chloride, a mineral of a white to pale yellow or gray color, darkening on exposure to the light. It may be cut by a knife, like lead or horn (hence called horn silver).
Cerasin	A white amorphous substance, the insoluble part of cherry gum; -- called also meta-arabinic acid.
Cerasin	A gummy mucilaginous substance; -- called also bassorin, tragacanthin, etc.
Cerasinous	Pertaining to, or containing, cerasin.
Cerasinous	Of a cherry color.
Cerastes	A genus of poisonous African serpents, with a horny scale over each eye; the horned viper.
Cerate	An unctuous preparation for external application, of a consistence intermediate between that of an ointment and a plaster, so that it can be spread upon cloth without the use of heat, but does not melt when applied to the skin.
Cerated	Covered with wax.
Ceratine	Sophistical.
Ceratobranchia	A group of nudibranchiate Mollusca having on the back papilliform or branched organs serving as gills.
Ceratobranchial	Pertaining to the bone, or cartilage, below the epibranchial in a branchial arch.
Ceratobranchial	A ceratobranchial bone, or cartilage.
Ceratodus	A genus of ganoid fishes, of the order Dipnoi, first known as Mesozoic fossil fishes; but recently two living species have been discovered in Australian rivers. They have lungs so well developed that they can leave the water and breathe in air. In Australia they are called salmon and baramunda. See Dipnoi, and Archipterygium.
Ceratohyal	Pertaining to the bone, or cartilage, below the epihyal in the hyoid arch.
Ceratohyal	A ceratohyal bone, or cartilage, which, in man, forms one of the small horns of the hyoid.
Ceratosaurus	A carnivorous American Jurassic dinosaur allied to the European Megalosaurus. The animal was nearly twenty feet in length, and the skull bears a bony horn core on the united nasal bones. See Illustration in Appendix.
Ceratospongiae	An order of sponges in which the skeleton consists of horny fibers. It includes all the commercial sponges.
Ceraunics	That branch of physics which treats of heat and electricity.
Ceraunoscope	An instrument or apparatus employed in the ancient mysteries to imitate thunder and lightning.
Cerberean	Of or pertaining to, or resembling, Cerberus.
Cerberus	A monster, in the shape of a three-headed dog, guarding the entrance into the infernal regions, Hence: Any vigilant custodian or guardian, esp. if surly.
Cerberus	A genus of East Indian serpents, allied to the pythons; the bokadam.
Cercal	Of or pertaining to the tail.
Cercarle	of Cercaria
Cercaria	The larval form of a trematode worm having the shape of a tadpole, with its body terminated by a tail-like appendage.
Cercarian	Of, like, or pertaining to, the Cercariae.
Cercarian	One of the Cercariae.
Cercopod	One of the jointed antenniform appendages of the posterior somites of certain insects.
Cerci	of Cercus
Cercus	See Cercopod.
Cere	The soft naked sheath at the base of the beak of birds of prey, parrots, and some other birds. See Beak.
Cered	of Cere
Cering	of Cere
Cere	To wax; to cover or close with wax.
Cereal	Of or pertaining to the grasses which are cultivated for their edible seeds (as wheat, maize, rice, etc.), or to their seeds or grain.
Cereal	Any grass cultivated for its edible grain, or the grain itself; -- usually in the plural.
Cerealia	Public festivals in honor of Ceres.
Cerealia	The cereals.
Cerealin	A nitrogenous substance closely resembling diastase, obtained from bran, and possessing the power of converting starch into dextrin, sugar, and lactic acid.
Cerebel	The cerebellum.
Cerebellar	Alt. of Cerebellous
Cerebellous	Pertaining to the cerebellum.
Cerebellums	of Cerebellum
Cerebella	of Cerebellum
Cerebellum	The large lobe of the hind brain in front of and above the medulla; the little brain. It controls combined muscular action. See Brain.
Cerebral	Of or pertaining to the cerebrum.
Cerebral	One of a class of lingual consonants in the East Indian languages. See Lingual, n.
Cerebralism	The doctrine or theory that psychical phenomena are functions or products of the brain only.
Cerebralist	One who accepts cerebralism.
Cerebrate	To exhibit mental activity; to have the brain in action.
Cerebration	Action of the brain, whether conscious or unconscious.
Cerebric	Of, pertaining to, or derived from, the brain.
Cerebricity	Brain power.
Cerebriform	Like the brain in form or substance.
Cerebrifugal	Applied to those nerve fibers which go from the brain to the spinal cord, and so transfer cerebral impulses (centrifugal impressions) outwards.
Cerebrin	A nonphosphorized, nitrogenous substance, obtained from brain and nerve tissue by extraction with boiling alcohol. It is uncertain whether it exists as such in nerve tissue, or is a product of the decomposition of some more complex substance.
Cerebripetal	Applied to those nerve fibers which go from the spinal cord to the brain and so transfer sensations (centripetal impressions) from the exterior inwards.
Cerebritis	Inflammation of the cerebrum.
Cerebroid	Resembling, or analogous to, the cerebrum or brain.
Cerebrology	The science which treats of the cerebrum or brain.
Cerebropathy	A hypochondriacal condition verging upon insanity, occurring in those whose brains have been unduly taxed; -- called also brain fag.
Cerebroscopy	Examination of the brain for the diagnosis of disease; esp., the act or process of diagnosticating the condition of the brain by examination of the interior of the eye (as with an ophthalmoscope).
Cerebrose	A sugarlike body obtained by the decomposition of the nitrogenous non-phosphorized principles of the brain.
Cerebro-spinal	Of or pertaining to the central nervous system consisting of the brain and spinal cord.
Cerebrums	of Cerebrum
Cerebra	of Cerebrum
Cerebrum	The anterior, and in man the larger, division of the brain; the seat of the reasoning faculties and the will. See Brain.
Cerecloth	A cloth smeared with melted wax, or with some gummy or glutinous matter.
Cerement	A cerecloth used for the special purpose of enveloping a dead body when embalmed.
Cerement	Any shroud or wrapping for the dead.
Ceremonial	Relating to ceremony, or external rite; ritual; according to the forms of established rites.
Ceremonial	Observant of forms; ceremonious. [In this sense ceremonious is now preferred.]
Ceremonial	A system of rules and ceremonies, enjoined by law, or established by custom, in religious worship, social intercourse, or the courts of princes; outward form.
Ceremonial	The order for rites and forms in the Roman Catholic church, or the book containing the rules prescribed to be observed on solemn occasions.
Ceremonialism	Adherence to external rites; fondness for ceremony.
Ceremonially	According to rites and ceremonies; as, a person ceremonially unclean.
Ceremonialness	Quality of being ceremonial.
Ceremonious	Consisting of outward forms and rites; ceremonial. [In this sense ceremonial is now preferred.]
Ceremonious	According to prescribed or customary rules and forms; devoted to forms and ceremonies; formally respectful; punctilious.
Ceremoniously	In a ceremonious way.
Ceremoniousness	The quality, or practice, of being ceremonious.
Ceremonies	of Ceremony
Ceremony	Ar act or series of acts, often of a symbolical character, prescribed by law, custom, or authority, in the conduct of important matters, as in the performance of religious duties, the transaction of affairs of state, and the celebration of notable events; as, the ceremony of crowning a sovereign; the ceremonies observed in consecrating a church; marriage and baptismal ceremonies.
Ceremony	Behavior regulated by strict etiquette; a formal method of performing acts of civility; forms of civility prescribed by custom or authority.
Ceremony	A ceremonial symbols; an emblem, as a crown, scepter, garland, etc.
Ceremony	A sign or prodigy; a portent.
Cereous	Waxen; like wax.
Ceres	The daughter of Saturn and Ops or Rhea, the goddess of corn and tillage.
Ceres	The first discovered asteroid.
Ceresin	A white wax, made by bleaching and purifying ozocerite, and used as a substitute for beeswax.
Cereus	A genus of plants of the Cactus family. They are natives of America, from California to Chili.
Cerial	Same as Cerrial.
Ceriferous	Producing wax.
Cerin	A waxy substance extracted by alcohol or ether from cork; sometimes applied also to the portion of beeswax which is soluble in alcohol.
Cerin	A variety of the mineral allanite.
Cerinthian	One of an ancient religious sect, so called from Cerinthus, a Jew, who attempted to unite the doctrines of Christ with the opinions of the Jews and Gnostics.
Ceriph	One of the fine lines of a letter, esp. one of the fine cross strokes at the top and bottom of letters.
Cerise	Cherry-colored; a light bright red; -- applied to textile fabrics, especially silk.
Cerite	A gastropod shell belonging to the family Cerithiidae; -- so called from its hornlike form.
Cerite	A mineral of a brownish of cherry-red color, commonly massive. It is a hydrous silicate of cerium and allied metals.
Cerium	A rare metallic element, occurring in the minerals cerite, allanite, monazite, etc.  Symbol Ce.  Atomic weight 141.5. It resembles iron in color and luster, but is soft, and both malleable and ductile. It tarnishes readily in the air.
Cernuous	Inclining or nodding downward; pendulous; drooping; -- said of a bud, flower, fruit, or the capsule of a moss.
Cero	A large and valuable fish of the Mackerel family, of the genus Scomberomorus.  Two species are found in the West Indies and less commonly on the Atlantic coast of the United States, -- the common cero (Scomberomorus caballa), called also kingfish, and spotted, or king, cero (S. regalis).
Cerograph	A writing on wax.
Cerographic	Alt. of Cerographical
Cerographical	Of or pertaining to cerography.
Cerographist	One who practices cerography.
Cerography	The art of making characters or designs in, or with, wax.
Cerography	A method of making stereotype plates from inscribed sheets of wax.
Cerolite	A hydrous silicate of magnesium, allied to serpentine, occurring in waxlike masses of a yellow or greenish color.
Ceroma	The unguent (a composition of oil and wax) with which wrestlers were anointed among the ancient Romans.
Ceroma	That part of the baths and gymnasia in which bathers and wrestlers anointed themselves.
Ceroma	The cere of birds.
Ceromancy	Divination by dropping melted wax in water.
Ceroon	A bale or package. covered with hide, or with wood bound with hide; as, a ceroon of indigo, cochineal, etc.
Ceroplastic	Relating to the art of modeling in wax.
Ceroplastic	Modeled in wax; as, a ceroplastic figure.
Ceroplastics	Alt. of Ceroplasty
Ceroplasty	The art of modeling in wax.
Cerosin	A waxy substance obtained from the bark of the sugar cane, and crystallizing in delicate white laminae.
Cerote	See Cerate.
Cerotene	A white waxy solid obtained from Chinese wax, and by the distillation of cerotin.
Cerotic	Pertaining to, or derived from, beeswax or Chinese wax; as, cerotic acid or alcohol.
Cerotin	A white crystalline substance, C27H55.OH, obtained from Chinese wax, and regarded as an alcohol of the marsh gas series; -- called also cerotic alcohol, ceryl alcohol.
Cerrial	Of or pertaining to the cerris.
Cerris	A species of oak (Quercus cerris) native in the Orient and southern Europe; -- called also bitter oak and Turkey oak.
Certain	Assured in mind; having no doubts; free from suspicions concerning.
Certain	Determined; resolved; -- used with an infinitive.
Certain	Not to be doubted or denied; established as a fact.
Certain	Actually existing; sure to happen; inevitable.
Certain	Unfailing; infallible.
Certain	Fixed or stated; regular; determinate.
Certain	Not specifically named; indeterminate; indefinite; one or some; -- sometimes used independenty as a noun, and meaning certain persons.
Certain	Certainty.
Certain	A certain number or quantity.
Certain	Certainly.
Certainly	Without doubt or question; unquestionably.
Certainness	Certainty.
Certainties	of Certainty
Certainty	The quality, state, or condition, of being certain.
Certainty	A fact or truth unquestionable established.
Certainty	Clearness; freedom from ambiguity; lucidity.
Certes	Certainly; in truth; verily.
Certificate	A written testimony to the truth of any fact; as, certificate of good behavior.
Certificate	A written declaration legally authenticated.
Certificated	of Certificate
Certificating	of Certificate
Certificate	To verify or vouch for by certificate.
Certificate	To furnish with a certificate; as, to certificate the captain of a vessel; a certificated teacher.
Certification	The act of certifying.
Certifier	One who certifies or assures.
Certified	of Certify
Certifying	of Certify
Certify	To give cetain information to; to assure; to make certain.
Certify	To give certain information of; to make certain, as a fact; to verify.
Certify	To testify to in writing; to make a declaration concerning, in writing, under hand, or hand and seal.
Certiorari	A writ issuing out of chancery, or a superior court, to call up the records of a inferior court, or remove a cause there depending, in order that the party may have more sure and speedy justice, or that errors and irregularities may be corrected. It is obtained upon complaint of a party that he has not received justice, or can not have an impartial trial in the inferior court.
Certitude	Freedom from doubt; assurance; certainty.
Cerule	Blue; cerulean.
Cerulean	Sky-colored; blue; azure.
Ceruleous	Cerulean.
Cerulific	Producing a blue or sky color.
Cerumen	The yellow, waxlike secretion from the glands of the external ear; the earwax.
Ceruminous	Pertaining to, or secreting, cerumen; as, the ceruminous glands.
Ceruse	White lead, used as a pigment. See White lead, under White.
Ceruse	A cosmetic containing white lead.
Ceruse	The native carbonate of lead.
Cerused	Washed with a preparation of white lead; as, cerused face.
Cerusite	Alt. of Cerussite
Cerussite	Native lead carbonate; a mineral occurring in colorless, white, or yellowish transparent crystals, with an adamantine, also massive and compact.
Cervantite	See under Antimony.
Cervelat	An ancient wind instrument, resembling the bassoon in tone.
Cervical	Of or pertaining to the neck; as, the cervical vertebrae.
Cervicide	The act of killing deer; deer-slaying.
Cervine	Of or pertaining to the deer, or to the family Cervidae.
Cervixes	of Cervix
Cervices	of Cervix
Cervix	The neck; also, the necklike portion of any part, as of the womb. See Illust. of Bird.
Cervus	A genus of ruminants, including the red deer and other allied species.
Ceryl	A radical, C27H55 supposed to exist in several compounds obtained from Chinese wax, beeswax, etc.
Cesarean	Alt. of Cesarian
Cesarian	Same as Caesarean, Caesarian.
Cesarism	See Caesarism.
Cespitine	An oil obtained by distillation of peat, and containing various members of the pyridine series.
Cespititious	Same as Cespitious.
Cespitose	Having the form a piece of turf, i. e., many stems from one rootstock or from many entangled rootstocks or roots.
Cespitous	Pertaining to, consisting, of resembling, turf; turfy.
Cess	A rate or tax.
Cess	Bound; measure.
Cessed	of Cess
Cessing	of Cess
Cess	To rate; to tax; to assess.
Cess	To cease; to neglect.
Cessant	Inactive; dormant
Cessation	A ceasing or discontinuance, as of action, whether temporary or final; a stop; as, a cessation of the war.
Cessavit	A writ given by statute to recover lands when the tenant has for two years failed to perform the conditions of his tenure.
Cesser	a neglect of a tenant to perform services, or make payment, for two years.
Cessible	Giving way; yielding.
Cession	A yielding to physical force.
Cession	Concession; compliance.
Cession	A yielding, or surrender, as of property or rights, to another person; the act of ceding.
Cession	The giving up or vacating a benefice by accepting another without a proper dispensation.
Cession	The voluntary surrender of a person's effects to his creditors to avoid imprisonment.
Cessionary	Having surrendered the effects; as, a cessionary bankrupt.
Cessment	An assessment or tax.
Cessor	One who neglects, for two years, to perform the service by which he holds lands, so that he incurs the danger of the writ of cessavit. See Cessavit.
Cessor	An assessor.
Cesspipe	A pipe for carrying off waste water, etc., from a sink or cesspool.
Cesspool	A cistern in the course, or the termination, of a drain, to collect sedimentary or superfluous matter; a privy vault; any receptacle of filth.
Cest	A woman's girdle; a cestus.
Cestode	Of or pertaining to the Cestoidea.
Cestode	One of the Cestoidea.
Cestoid	Of or pertaining to the Cestoidea.
Cestoid	One of the Cestoidea.
Cestoidea	A class of parasitic worms (Platelminthes) of which the tapeworms are the most common examples. The body is flattened, and usually but not always long, and composed of numerous joints or segments, each of which may contain a complete set of male and female reproductive organs. They have neither mouth nor intestine. See Tapeworm.
Cestoldean	One of the Cestoidea.
Cestraciont	A shark of the genus Cestracion, and of related genera. The posterior teeth form a pavement of bony plates for crushing shellfish. Most of the species are extinct. The Port Jackson shark and a similar one found in California are living examples.
Cestraciont	Pertaining to, or characteristic of, the genus Cestracion.
Cestus	A girdle; particularly that of Aphrodite (or Venus) which gave the wearer the power of exciting love.
Cestus	A genus of Ctenophora. The typical species (Cestus Veneris) is remarkable for its brilliant iridescent colors, and its long, girdlelike form.
Cestus	A covering for the hands of boxers, made of leather bands, and often loaded with lead or iron.
Cestuy	Alt. of Cestui
Cestui	He; the one.
Cesura	See Caesura.
Cesural	See Caesural.
Cetacea	An order of marine mammals, including the whales. Like ordinary mammals they breathe by means of lungs, and bring forth living young which they suckle for some time. The anterior limbs are changed to paddles; the tail flukes are horizontal. There are two living suborders:
Cetacean	One of the Cetacea.
Cetaceous	Of or pertaining to the Cetacea.
Cete	One of the Cetacea, or collectively, the Cetacea.
Cetene	An oily hydrocarbon, C16H32, of the ethylene series, obtained from spermaceti.
Ceterach	A species of fern with fronds (Asplenium Ceterach).
Cetewale	Same as Zedoary.
Cetic	Of or pertaining to a whale.
Cetin	A white, waxy substance, forming the essential part of spermaceti.
Cetological	Of or pertaining to cetology.
Cetologist	One versed in cetology.
Cetology	The description or natural history of cetaceous animals.
Cetraric	Pertaining to, or derived from, the lichen, Iceland moss (Cetaria Islandica).
Cetrarin	A white substance extracted from the lichen, Iceland moss (Cetraria Islandica). It consists of several ingredients, among which is cetraric acid, a white, crystalline, bitter substance.
Cetyl	A radical, C16H33, not yet isolated, but supposed to exist in a series of compounds homologous with the ethyl compounds, and derived from spermaceti.
Cetylic	Of, pertaining to, or derived from, spermaceti.
Ceylanite	A dingy blue, or grayish black, variety of spinel. It is also called pleonaste.
Ceylonese	Of or pertaining to Ceylon.
Ceylonese	A native or natives of Ceylon.
C. G. S.	An abbreviation for Centimeter, Gram, Second. -- applied to a system of units much employed in physical science, based upon the centimeter as the unit of length, the gram as the unit of weight or mass, and the second as the unit of time.
Chab	The red-bellied wood pecker (Melanerpes Carolinus).
Chabasite	Alt. of Cabazite
Cabazite	A mineral occuring in glassy rhombohedral crystals, varying, in color from white to yellow or red. It is essentially a hydrous silicate of alumina and lime. Called also chabasie.
Chablis	A white wine made near Chablis, a town in France.
Chablis	a white wine resembling Chablis{1}, but made elsewhere, as in California.
Chabouk	Alt. of Chabuk
Chabuk	A long whip, such as is used in the East in the infliction of punishment.
Chace	See 3d Chase, n., 3.
Chace	To pursue. See Chase v. t.
Chachalaca	The Texan guan (Ortalis vetula).
Chak	To toss up the head frequently, as a horse to avoid the restraint of the bridle.
Chacma	A large species of African baboon (Cynocephalus porcarius); -- called also ursine baboon. [See Illust. of Baboon.]
Chaconne	An old Spanish dance in moderate three-four measure, like the Passacaglia, which is slower. Both are used by classical composers as themes for variations.
Chad	See Shad.
Chaetetes	A genus of fossil corals, common in the lower Silurian limestones.
Chaetiferous	Bearing setae.
Chaetodont	A marine fish of the family Chaetodontidae. The chaetodonts have broad, compressed bodies, and usually bright colors.
Chaetodont	Of or pertaining to the Chaetodonts or the family Chaetodontidae.
Chaetognath	Of or pertaining to the Chaetognatha.
Chaetognatha	An order of free-swimming marine worms, of which the genus Sagitta is the type. They have groups of curved spines on each side of the head.
Chaetopod	Pertaining to the Chaetopoda.
Chaetopod	One of the Chaetopoda.
Chaetopoda	A very extensive order of Annelida, characterized by the presence of lateral setae, or spines, on most or all of the segments.  They are divided into two principal groups: Oligochaeta, including the earthworms and allied forms, and Polychaeta, including most of the marine species.
Chaetotaxy	The arrangement of bristles on an insect.
Chafed	of Chafe
Chafing	of Chafe
Chafe	To excite heat in by friction; to rub in order to stimulate and make warm.
Chafe	To excite passion or anger in; to fret; to irritate.
Chafe	To fret and wear by rubbing; as, to chafe a cable.
Chafe	To rub; to come together so as to wear by rubbing; to wear by friction.
Chafe	To be worn by rubbing; as, a cable chafes.
Chafe	To have a feeling of vexation; to be vexed; to fret; to be irritated.
Chafe	Heat excited by friction.
Chafe	Injury or wear caused by friction.
Chafe	Vexation; irritation of mind; rage.
Chafer	One who chafes.
Chafer	A vessel for heating water; -- hence, a dish or pan.
Chafer	A kind of beetle; the cockchafer. The name is also applied to other species; as, the rose chafer.
Chafery	An open furnace or forge, in which blooms are heated before being wrought into bars.
Chafewax	Alt. of Chaffwax
Chaffwax	Formerly a chancery officer who fitted wax for sealing writs and other documents.
Chafeweed	The cudweed (Gnaphalium), used to prevent or cure chafing.
Chaff	The glumes or husks of grains and grasses separated from the seed by threshing and winnowing, etc.
Chaff	Anything of a comparatively light and worthless character; the refuse part of anything.
Chaff	Straw or hay cut up fine for the food of cattle.
Chaff	Light jesting talk; banter; raillery.
Chaff	The scales or bracts on the receptacle, which subtend each flower in the heads of many Compositae, as the sunflower.
Chaffed	of Chaff
Chaffing	of Chaff
Chaff	To use light, idle language by way of fun or ridicule; to banter.
Chaff	To make fun of; to turn into ridicule by addressing in ironical or bantering language; to quiz.
Chaffer	One who chaffs.
Chaffer	Bargaining; merchandise.
Chaffered	of Chaffer
Chaffering	of Chaffer
Chaffer	To treat or dispute about a purchase; to bargain; to haggle or higgle; to negotiate.
Chaffer	To talk much and idly; to chatter.
Chaffer	To buy or sell; to trade in.
Chaffer	To exchange; to bandy, as words.
Chafferer	One who chaffers; a bargainer.
Chaffern	A vessel for heating water.
Chaffery	Traffic; bargaining.
Chaffinch	A bird of Europe (Fringilla coelebs), having a variety of very sweet songs, and highly valued as a cage bird; -- called also copper finch.
Chaffing	The use of light, frivolous language by way of fun or ridicule; raillery; banter.
Chaffless	Without chaff.
Chaffy	Abounding in, or resembling, chaff.
Chaffy	Light or worthless as chaff.
Chaffy	Resembling chaff; composed of light dry scales.
Chaffy	Bearing or covered with dry scales, as the under surface of certain ferns, or the disk of some composite flowers.
Chafing	The act of rubbing, or wearing by friction; making by rubbing.
Chagreen	See Shagreen.
Chagrin	Vexation; mortification.
Chagrined	of Chagrin
Chargrining	of Chagrin
Chagrin	To excite ill-humor in; to vex; to mortify; as, he was not a little chagrined.
Chagrin	To be vexed or annoyed.
Chagrin	Chagrined.
Chain	A series of links or rings, usually of metal, connected, or fitted into one another, used for various purposes, as of support, of restraint, of ornament, of the exertion and transmission of mechanical power, etc.
Chain	That which confines, fetters, or secures, as a chain; a bond; as, the chains of habit.
Chain	A series of things linked together; or a series of things connected and following each other in succession; as, a chain of mountains; a chain of events or ideas.
Chain	An instrument which consists of links and is used in measuring land.
Chain	Iron links bolted to the side of a vessel to bold the dead-eyes connected with the shrouds; also, the channels.
Chain	The warp threads of a web.
Chained	of Chain
Chaining	of Chain
Chain	To fasten, bind, or connect with a chain; to fasten or bind securely, as with a chain; as, to chain a bulldog.
Chain	To keep in slavery; to enslave.
Chain	To unite closely and strongly.
Chain	To measure with the chain.
Chain	To protect by drawing a chain across, as a harbor.
Chainless	Having no chain; not restrained or fettered.
Chainlet	A small chain.
Chain pump	A pump consisting of an endless chain, running over a drum or wheel by which it is moved, and dipping below the water to be raised. The chain has at intervals disks or lifts which fit the tube through which the ascending part passes and carry the water to the point of discharge.
Chain stitch	An ornamental stitch like the links of a chain; -- used in crocheting, sewing, and embroidery.
Chain stitch	A stitch in which the looping of the thread or threads forms a chain on the under side of the work; the loop stitch, as distinguished from the lock stitch. See Stitch.
Chain wheel	A chain pulley, or sprocket wheel.
Chain wheel	An inversion of the chain pump, by which it becomes a motor driven by water.
Chainwork	Work looped or linked after the manner of a chain; chain stitch work.
Chair	A movable single seat with a back.
Chair	An official seat, as of a chief magistrate or a judge, but esp. that of a professor; hence, the office itself.
Chair	The presiding officer of an assembly; a chairman; as, to address the chair.
Chair	A vehicle for one person; either a sedan borne upon poles, or two-wheeled carriage, drawn by one horse; a gig.
Chair	An iron block used on railways to support the rails and secure them to the sleepers.
Chaired	of Chair
Chairing	of Chair
Chair	To place in a chair.
Chair	To carry publicly in a chair in triumph.
Chairmen	of Chairman
Chairman	The presiding officer of a committee, or of a public or private meeting, or of any organized body.
Chairman	One whose business it is to cary a chair or sedan.
Chairmanship	The office of a chairman of a meeting or organized body.
Chaise	A two-wheeled carriage for two persons, with a calash top, and the body hung on leather straps, or thorough-braces. It is usually drawn by one horse.
Chaise	a carriage in general.
Chaja	The crested screamer of Brazil (Palamedea, / Chauna, chavaria), so called in imitation of its notes; -- called also chauna, and faithful kamichi. It is often domesticated and is useful in guarding other poultry. See Kamichi.
Chalazas	of Chalaza
Chalazae	of Chalaza
Chalaza	The place on an ovule, or seed, where its outer coats cohere with each other and the nucleus.
Chalaza	A spiral band of thickened albuminous substance which exists in the white of the bird's egg, and serves to maintain the yolk in its position; the treadle.
Chalazal	Of or pertaining to the chalaza.
Chalaze	Same as Chalaza.
Chalaziferous	Having or bearing chalazas.
Chalazion	A small circumscribed tumor of the eyelid caused by retention of secretion, and by inflammation of the Melbomian glands.
Chalcanthite	Native blue vitriol. See Blue vitriol, under Blue.
Chalcedonic	Of or pertaining to chalcedony.
Chalcedonies	of Chalcedony
Chalcedony	A cryptocrystalline, translucent variety of quartz, having usually a whitish color, and a luster nearly like wax.
Chalchihuitl	The Mexican name for turquoise. See Turquoise.
Chalcid fly	One of a numerous family of hymenopterous insects (Chalcididae. Many are gallflies, others are parasitic on insects.
Chalcidian	One of a tropical family of snakelike lizards (Chalcidae), having four small or rudimentary legs.
Chalcocite	Native copper sulphide, called also copper glance, and vitreous copper; a mineral of a black color and metallic luster.
Chalcographer	Alt. of Chalcographist
Chalcographist	An engraver on copper or brass; hence, an engraver of copper plates for printing upon paper.
Chalcography	The act or art of engraving on copper or brass, especially of engraving for printing.
Chalcopyrite	Copper pyrites, or yellow copper ore; a common ore of copper, containing copper, iron, and sulphur. It occurs massive and in tetragonal crystals of a bright brass yellow color.
Chaldaic	Of or pertaining to Chaldea.
Chaldaic	The language or dialect of the Chaldeans; Chaldee.
Chaldaism	An idiom or peculiarity in the Chaldee dialect.
Chaldean	Of or pertaining to Chaldea.
Chaldean	A native or inhabitant of Chaldea.
Chaldean	A learned man, esp. an astrologer; -- so called among the Eastern nations, because astrology and the kindred arts were much cultivated by the Chaldeans.
Chaldean	Nestorian.
Chaldee	Of or pertaining to Chaldea.
Chaldee	The language or dialect of the Chaldeans; eastern Aramaic, or the Aramaic used in Chaldea.
Chaldrich	Alt. of Chalder
Chalder	A kind of bird; the oyster catcher.
Chaldron	An English dry measure, being, at London, 36 bushels heaped up, or its equivalent weight, and more than twice as much at Newcastle. Now used exclusively for coal and coke.
Chalet	A herdsman's hut in the mountains of Switzerland.
Chalet	A summer cottage or country house in the Swiss mountains; any country house built in the style of the Swiss cottages.
Chalice	A cup or bowl; especially, the cup used in the sacrament of the Lord's Supper.
Chaliced	Having a calyx or cup; cup-shaped.
Chalk	A soft, earthy substance, of a white, grayish, or yellowish white color, consisting of calcium carbonate, and having the same composition as common limestone.
Chalk	Finely prepared chalk, used as a drawing implement; also, by extension, a compound, as of clay and black lead, or the like, used in the same manner. See Crayon.
Chalked	of Chalk
Chalking	of Chalk
Chalk	To rub or mark with chalk.
Chalk	To manure with chalk, as land.
Chalk	To make white, as with chalk; to make pale; to bleach.
Chalkcutter	A man who digs chalk.
Chalkiness	The state of being chalky.
Chalkstone	A mass of chalk.
Chalkstone	A chalklike concretion, consisting mainly of urate of sodium, found in and about the small joints, in the external ear, and in other situations, in those affected with gout; a tophus.
Chalky	Consisting of, or resembling, chalk; containing chalk; as, a chalky cliff; a chalky taste.
Challenge	An invitation to engage in a contest or controversy of any kind; a defiance; specifically, a summons to fight a duel; also, the letter or message conveying the summons.
Challenge	The act of a sentry in halting any one who appears at his post, and demanding the countersign.
Challenge	A claim or demand.
Challenge	The opening and crying of hounds at first finding the scent of their game.
Challenge	An exception to a juror or to a member of a court martial, coupled with a demand that he should be held incompetent to act; the claim of a party that a certain person or persons shall not sit in trial upon him or his cause.
Challenge	An exception to a person as not legally qualified to vote. The challenge must be made when the ballot is offered.
Challenged	of Challenge
Challenging	of Challenge
Challenge	To call to a contest of any kind; to call to answer; to defy.
Challenge	To call, invite, or summon to answer for an offense by personal combat.
Challenge	To claim as due; to demand as a right.
Challenge	To censure; to blame.
Challenge	To question or demand the countersign from (one who attempts to pass the lines); as, the sentinel challenged us, with  "Who comes there?"
Challenge	To take exception to; question; as, to challenge the accuracy of a statement or of a quotation.
Challenge	To object to or take exception to, as to a juror, or member of a court.
Challenge	To object to the reception of the vote of, as on the ground that the person in not qualified as a voter.
Challenge	To assert a right; to claim a place.
Challengeable	That may be challenged.
Challenger	One who challenges.
Challis	A soft and delicate woolen, or woolen and silk, fabric, for ladies' dresses.
Chalon	A bed blanket.
Chalybean	Of or pertaining to the Chalybes, an ancient people of Pontus in Asia Minor, celebrated for working in iron and steel.
Chalybean	Of superior quality and temper; -- applied to steel.
Chalybeate	Impregnated with salts of iron; having a taste like iron; as, chalybeate springs.
Chalybeate	Any water, liquid, or medicine, into which iron enters as an ingredient.
Chalybeous	Steel blue; of the color of tempered steel.
Chalybite	Native iron carbonate; -- usually called siderite.
Cham	To chew.
Cham	The sovereign prince of Tartary; -- now usually written khan.
Chamade	A signal made for a parley by beat of a drum.
Chamal	The Angora goat. See Angora goat, under Angora.
Chamber	A retired room, esp. an upper room used for sleeping; a bedroom; as, the house had four chambers.
Chamber	Apartments in a lodging house.
Chamber	A hall, as where a king gives audience, or a deliberative body or assembly meets; as, presence chamber; senate chamber.
Chamber	A legislative or judicial body; an assembly; a society or association; as, the Chamber of Deputies; the Chamber of Commerce.
Chamber	A compartment or cell; an inclosed space or cavity; as, the chamber of a canal lock; the chamber of a furnace; the chamber of the eye.
Chamber	A room or rooms where a lawyer transacts business; a room or rooms where a judge transacts such official business as may be done out of court.
Chamber	A chamber pot.
Chamber	That part of the bore of a piece of ordnance which holds the charge, esp. when of different diameter from the rest of the bore; -- formerly, in guns, made smaller than the bore, but now larger, esp. in breech-loading guns.
Chamber	A cavity in a mine, usually of a cubical form, to contain the powder.
Chamber	A short piece of ordnance or cannon, which stood on its breech, without any carriage, formerly used chiefly for rejoicings and theatrical cannonades.
Chambered	of Chamber
Chambering	of Chamber
Chamber	To reside in or occupy a chamber or chambers.
Chamber	To be lascivious.
Chamber	To shut up, as in a chamber.
Chamber	To furnish with a chamber; as, to chamber a gun.
Chambered	Having a chamber or chambers; as, a chambered shell; a chambered gun.
Chamberer	One who attends in a chamber; a chambermaid.
Chamberer	A civilian; a carpetmonger.
Chambering	Lewdness.
Chamberlain	An officer or servant who has charge of a chamber or chambers.
Chamberlain	An upper servant of an inn.
Chamberlain	An officer having the direction and management of the private chambers of a nobleman or monarch; hence, in Europe, one of the high officers of a court.
Chamberlain	A treasurer or receiver of public money; as, the chamberlain of London, of North Wales, etc.
Chamberlainship	Office of a chamberlain.
Chambermaid	A maidservant who has the care of chambers, making the beds, sweeping, cleaning the rooms, etc.
Chambermaid	A lady's maid.
Chambertin	A red wine from Chambertin near Dijon, in Burgundy.
Chambrel	Same as Gambrel.
Chameck	A kind of spider monkey (Ateles chameck), having the thumbs rudimentary and without a nail.
Chameleon	A lizardlike reptile of the genus Chamaeleo, of several species, found in Africa, Asia, and Europe. The skin is covered with fine granulations; the tail is prehensile, and the body is much compressed laterally, giving it a high back.
Chameleonize	To change into various colors.
Chamfer	The surface formed by cutting away the arris, or angle, formed by two faces of a piece of timber, stone, etc.
Chamfered	of Chamfer
Chamfering	of Chamfer
Chamfer	To cut a furrow in, as in a column; to groove; to channel; to flute.
Chamfer	To make a chamfer on.
Chamfret	A small gutter; a furrow; a groove.
Chamfret	A chamfer.
Chamfron	The frontlet, or head armor, of a horse.
Chamlet	See Camlet.
Chamois	A small species of antelope (Rupicapra tragus), living on the loftiest mountain ridges of Europe, as the Alps, Pyrenees, etc. It possesses remarkable agility, and is a favorite object of chase.
Chamois	A soft leather made from the skin of the chamois, or from sheepskin, etc.; -- called also chamois leather, and chammy or shammy leather. See Shammy.
Chamomile	See Camomile.
Champed	of Champ
Champing	of Champ
Champ	To bite with repeated action of the teeth so as to be heard.
Champ	To bite into small pieces; to crunch.
Champ	To bite or chew impatiently.
Champ	Alt. of Champe
Champe	The field or ground on which carving appears in relief.
Champagne	A light wine, of several kinds, originally made in the province of Champagne, in France.
Champaign	A flat, open country.
Champaign	Flat; open; level.
Champer	One who champs, or bites.
Champertor	One guilty of champerty; one who purchases a suit, or the right of suing, and carries it on at his own expense, in order to obtain a share of the gain.
Champerty	Partnership in power; equal share of authority.
Champerty	The prosecution or defense of a suit, whether by furnishing money or personal services, by one who has no legitimate concern therein, in consideration of an agreement that he shall receive, in the event of success, a share of the matter in suit; maintenance with the addition of an agreement to divide the thing in suit. See Maintenance.
Champignon	An edible species of mushroom (Agaricus campestris).
Chappion	One who engages in any contest; esp. one who in ancient times contended in single combat in behalf of another's honor or rights; or one who acts or speaks in behalf of a person or a cause; a defender; an advocate; a hero.
Chappion	One who by defeating all rivals, has obtained an acknowledged supremacy in any branch of athetics or game of skill, and is ready to contend with any rival; as, the champion of England.
Championed	of Champion
Championing	of Champion
Champion	To furnish with a champion; to attend or defend as champion; to support or maintain; to protect.
Championness	A female champion.
Championship	State of being champion; leadership; supremacy.
Champlain period	A subdivision of the Quaternary age immediately following the Glacial period; -- so named from beds near Lake Champlain.
Chamsin	See Kamsin.
Chance	A supposed material or psychical agent or mode of activity other than a force, law, or purpose; fortune; fate; -- in this sense often personified.
Chance	The operation or activity of such agent.
Chance	The supposed effect of such an agent; something that befalls, as the result of unknown or unconsidered forces; the issue of uncertain conditions; an event not calculated upon; an unexpected occurrence; a happening; accident; fortuity; casualty.
Chance	A possibility; a likelihood; an opportunity; -- with reference to a doubtful result; as, a chance to escape; a chance for life; the chances are all against him.
Chance	Probability.
Chanced	of Chance
Chancing	of Chance
Chance	To happen, come, or arrive, without design or expectation.
Chance	To take the chances of; to venture upon; -- usually with it as object.
Chance	To befall; to happen to.
Chance	Happening by chance; casual.
Chance	By chance; perchance.
Chanceable	Fortuitous; casual.
Chanceably	By chance.
Chanceful	Hazardous.
Chancel	That part of a church, reserved for the use of the clergy, where the altar, or communion table, is placed.
Chancel	All that part of a cruciform church which is beyond the line of the transept farthest from the main front.
Chancellery	Chancellorship.
Chancellor	A judicial court of chancery, which in England and in the United States is distinctively a court with equity jurisdiction.
Chancellorship	The office of a chancellor; the time during which one is chancellor.
Chance-medley	The killing of another in self-defense upon a sudden and unpremeditated encounter. See Chaud-Medley.
Chance-medley	Luck; chance; accident.
Chancery	In England, formerly, the highest court of judicature next to the Parliament, exercising jurisdiction at law, but chiefly in equity; but under the jurisdiction act of 1873 it became the chancery division of the High Court of Justice, and now exercises jurisdiction only in equity.
Chancery	In the Unites States, a court of equity; equity; proceeding in equity.
Chancre	A venereal sore or ulcer; specifically, the initial lesion of true syphilis, whether forming a distinct ulcer or not; -- called also hard chancre, indurated chancre, and Hunterian chancre.
Chancroid	A venereal sore, resembling a chancre in its seat and some external characters, but differing from it in being the starting point of a purely local process and never of a systemic disease; -- called also soft chancre.
Chancrous	Of the nature of a chancre; having chancre.
Chandelier	A candlestick, lamp, stand, gas fixture, or the like, having several branches; esp., one hanging from the ceiling.
Chandelier	A movable parapet, serving to support fascines to cover pioneers.
Chandler	A maker or seller of candles.
Chandler	A dealer in other commodities, which are indicated by a word prefixed; as, ship chandler, corn chandler.
Chandlerly	Like a chandler; in a petty way.
Chandlery	Commodities sold by a chandler.
Chandoo	An extract or preparation of opium, used in China and India for smoking.
Chandry	Chandlery.
Chanfrin	The fore part of a horse's head.
Changed	of Change
Changing	of Change
Change	To alter; to make different; to cause to pass from one state to another; as, to change the position, character, or appearance of a thing; to change the countenance.
Change	To alter by substituting something else for, or by giving up for something else; as, to change the clothes; to change one's occupation; to change one's intention.
Change	To give and take reciprocally; to exchange; -- followed by with; as, to change place, or hats, or money, with another.
Change	Specifically: To give, or receive, smaller denominations of money (technically called change) for; as, to change a gold coin or a bank bill.
Change	To be altered; to undergo variation; as, men sometimes change for the better.
Change	To pass from one phase to another; as, the moon changes to-morrow night.
Change	Any variation or alteration; a passing from one state or form to another; as, a change of countenance; a change of habits or principles.
Change	A succesion or substitution of one thing in the place of another; a difference; novelty; variety; as, a change of seasons.
Change	A passing from one phase to another; as, a change of the moon.
Change	Alteration in the order of a series; permutation.
Change	That which makes a variety, or may be substituted for another.
Change	Small money; the money by means of which the larger coins and bank bills are made available in small dealings; hence, the balance returned when payment is tendered by a coin or note exceeding the sum due.
Change	A place where merchants and others meet to transact business; a building appropriated for mercantile transactions.
Change	A public house; an alehouse.
Change	Any order in which a number of bells are struck, other than that of the diatonic scale.
Changeability	Changeableness.
Changeable	Capable of change; subject to alteration; mutable; variable; fickle; inconstant; as, a changeable humor.
Changeable	Appearing different, as in color, in different lights, or under different circumstances; as, changeable silk.
Changeableness	The quality of being changeable; fickleness; inconstancy; mutability.
Changeably	In a changeable manner.
Changeful	Full of change; mutable; inconstant; fickle; uncertain.
Changeless	That can not be changed; constant; as, a changeless purpose.
Changeling	One who, or that which, is left or taken in the place of another, as a child exchanged by fairies.
Changeling	A simpleton; an idiot.
Changeling	One apt to change; a waverer.
Changeling	Taken or left in place of another; changed.
Changeling	Given to change; inconstant.
Changer	One who changes or alters the form of anything.
Changer	One who deals in or changes money.
Changer	One apt to change; an inconstant person.
Chank	The East Indian name for the large spiral shell of several species of sea conch much used in making bangles, esp. Turbinella pyrum. Called also chank chell.
Channel	The hollow bed where a stream of water runs or may run.
Channel	The deeper part of a river, harbor, strait, etc., where the main current flows, or which affords the best and safest passage for vessels.
Channel	A strait, or narrow sea, between two portions of lands; as, the British Channel.
Channel	That through which anything passes; means of passing, conveying, or transmitting; as, the news was conveyed to us by different channels.
Channel	A gutter; a groove, as in a fluted column.
Channel	Flat ledges of heavy plank bolted edgewise to the outside of a vessel, to increase the spread of the shrouds and carry them clear of the bulwarks.
Channeled	of Channel
Channelled	of Channel
Channeling	of Channel
Channelling	of Channel
Channel	To form a channel in; to cut or wear a channel or channels in; to groove.
Channel	To course through or over, as in a channel.
Channeling	The act or process of forming a channel or channels.
Channeling	A channel or a system of channels; a groove.
Chanson	A song.
Chansonnettes	of Chansonnette
Chansonnette	A little song.
Chanted	of Chant
Chanting	of Chant
Chant	To utter with a melodious voice; to sing.
Chant	To celebrate in song.
Chant	To sing or recite after the manner of a chant, or to a tune called a chant.
Chant	To make melody with the voice; to sing.
Chant	To sing, as in reciting a chant.
Chant	Song; melody.
Chant	A short and simple melody, divided into two parts by double bars, to which unmetrical psalms, etc., are sung or recited. It is the most ancient form of choral music.
Chant	A psalm, etc., arranged for chanting.
Chant	Twang; manner of speaking; a canting tone.
Chantant	Composed in a melodious and singing style.
Chanter	One who chants; a singer or songster.
Chanter	The chief singer of the chantry.
Chanter	The flute or finger pipe in a bagpipe. See Bagpipe.
Chanter	The hedge sparrow.
Chanterelle	A name for several species of mushroom, of which one (Cantharellus cibrius) is edible, the others reputed poisonous.
Chanticleer	A cock, so called from the clearness or loudness of his voice in crowing.
Chanting	Singing, esp. as a chant is sung.
Chantor	A chanter.
Chantress	A female chanter or singer.
Chantries	of Chantry
Chantry	An endowment or foundation for the chanting of masses and offering of prayers, commonly for the founder.
Chantry	A chapel or altar so endowed.
Chaomancy	Divination by means of appearances in the air.
Chaos	An empty, immeasurable space; a yawning chasm.
Chaos	The confused, unorganized condition or mass of matter before the creation of distinct and orderly forms.
Chaos	Any confused or disordered collection or state of things; a confused mixture; confusion; disorder.
Chaotic	Resembling chaos; confused.
Chaotically	In a chaotic manner.
Chapped	of Chap
Chapping	of Chap
Chap	To cause to open in slits or chinks; to split; to cause the skin of to crack or become rough.
Chap	To strike; to beat.
Chap	To crack or open in slits; as, the earth chaps; the hands chap.
Chap	To strike; to knock; to rap.
Chap	A cleft, crack, or chink, as in the surface of the earth, or in the skin.
Chap	A division; a breach, as in a party.
Chap	A blow; a rap.
Chap	One of the jaws or the fleshy covering of a jaw; -- commonly in the plural, and used of animals, and colloquially of human beings.
Chap	One of the jaws or cheeks of a vise, etc.
Chap	A buyer; a chapman.
Chap	A man or boy; a youth; a fellow.
Chap	To bargain; to buy.
Chaparral	A thicket of low evergreen oaks.
Chaparral	An almost impenetrable thicket or succession of thickets of thorny shrubs and brambles.
Chapbook	Any small book carried about for sale by chapmen or hawkers.  Hence, any small book; a toy book.
Chape	The piece by which an object is attached to something, as the frog of a scabbard or the metal loop at the back of a buckle by which it is fastened to a strap.
Chape	The transverse guard of a sword or dagger.
Chape	The metal plate or tip which protects the end of a scabbard, belt, etc.
Chapeux	of Chapeau
Chapeau	A hat or covering for the head.
Chapeau	A cap of maintenance. See Maintenance.
Chaped	Furnished with a chape or chapes.
Chapel	A subordinate place of worship
Chapel	a small church, often a private foundation, as for a memorial
Chapel	a small building attached to a church
Chapel	a room or recess in a church, containing an altar.
Chapel	A place of worship not connected with a church; as, the chapel of a palace, hospital, or prison.
Chapel	In England, a place of worship used by dissenters from the Established Church; a meetinghouse.
Chapel	A choir of singers, or an orchestra, attached to the court of a prince or nobleman.
Chapel	A printing office, said to be so called because printing was first carried on in England in a chapel near Westminster Abbey.
Chapel	An association of workmen in a printing office.
Chapel	To deposit or inter in a chapel; to enshrine.
Chapel	To cause (a ship taken aback in a light breeze) so to turn or make a circuit as to recover, without bracing the yards, the same tack on which she had been sailing.
Chapeless	Without a chape.
Chapelet	A pair of straps, with stirrups, joined at the top and fastened to the pommel or the frame of the saddle, after they have been adjusted to the convenience of the rider.
Chapelet	A kind of chain pump, or dredging machine.
Chapellanies	of Chapellany
Chapellany	A chapel within the jurisdiction of a church; a subordinate ecclesiastical foundation.
Chapelry	The territorial district legally assigned to a chapel.
Chaperon	A hood; especially, an ornamental or an official hood.
Chaperon	A device placed on the foreheads of horses which draw the hearse in pompous funerals.
Chaperon	A matron who accompanies a young lady in public, for propriety, or as a guide and protector.
Chaperoned	of Chaperon
Chaperoning	of Chaperon
Chaperon	To attend in public places as a guide and protector; to matronize.
Chaperonage	Attendance of a chaperon on a lady in public; protection afforded by a chaperon.
Chapfallen	Having the lower chap or jaw drooping, -- an indication of humiliation and dejection; crestfallen; discouraged. See Chopfallen.
Chapiter	A capital [Obs.] See Chapital.
Chapiter	A summary in writing of such matters as are to be inquired of or presented before justices in eyre, or justices of assize, or of the peace, in their sessions; -- also called articles.
Chaplain	An ecclesiastic who has a chapel, or who performs religious service in a chapel.
Chaplain	A clergyman who is officially attached to the army or navy, to some public institution, or to a family or court, for the purpose of performing divine service.
Chaplain	Any person (clergyman or layman) chosen to conduct religious exercises for a society, etc.; as, a chaplain of a Masonic or a temperance lodge.
Chaplaincy	The office, position, or station of a chaplain.
Chaplainship	The office or business of a chaplain.
Chaplainship	The possession or revenue of a chapel.
Chapless	Having no lower jaw; hence, fleshless.
Chaplet	A garland or wreath to be worn on the head.
Chaplet	A string of beads, or part of a string, used by Roman Catholic in praying; a third of a rosary, or fifty beads.
Chaplet	A small molding, carved into beads, pearls, olives, etc.
Chaplet	A chapelet. See Chapelet, 1.
Chaplet	A bent piece of sheet iron, or a pin with thin plates on its ends, for holding a core in place in the mold.
Chaplet	A tuft of feathers on a peacock's head.
Chaplet	A small chapel or shrine.
Chapleted	of Chaplet
Chaplet	To adorn with a chaplet or with flowers.
Chapmen	of Chapman
Chapman	One who buys and sells; a merchant; a buyer or a seller.
Chapman	A peddler; a hawker.
Chappy	Full of chaps; cleft; gaping; open.
Chaps	The jaws, or the fleshy parts about them. See Chap.
Chapter	A division of a book or treatise; as, Genesis has fifty chapters.
Chapter	An assembly of monks, or of the prebends and other clergymen connected with a cathedral, conventual, or collegiate church, or of a diocese, usually presided over by the dean.
Chapter	A community of canons or canonesses.
Chapter	A bishop's council.
Chapter	A business meeting of any religious community.
Chapter	An organized branch of some society or fraternity as of the Freemasons.
Chapter	A meeting of certain organized societies or orders.
Chapter	A chapter house.
Chapter	A decretal epistle.
Chapter	A location or compartment.
Chapter	To divide into chapters, as a book.
Chapter	To correct; to bring to book, i. e., to demand chapter and verse.
Chaptrel	An impost.
Char	Alt. of Charr
Charr	One of the several species of fishes of the genus Salvelinus, allied to the spotted trout and salmon, inhabiting deep lakes in mountainous regions in Europe. In the United States, the brook trout (Salvelinus fontinalis) is sometimes called a char.
Char	A car; a chariot.
Char	Work done by the day; a single job, or task; a chore.
Char	Alt. of Chare
Chare	To perform; to do; to finish.
Chare	To work or hew, as stone.
Char	Alt. of Chare
Chare	To work by the day, without being a regularly hired servant; to do small jobs.
Charred	of Char
Charring	of Char
Char	To reduce to coal or carbon by exposure to heat; to reduce to charcoal; to burn to a cinder.
Char	To burn slightly or partially; as, to char wood.
Chara	A genus of flowerless plants, having articulated stems and whorled branches. They flourish in wet places.
Chars-a-banc	of Char-a-bancs
Char-a-bancs	A long, light, open vehicle, with benches or seats running lengthwise.
Charact	A distinctive mark; a character; a letter or sign. [Obs.] See Character.
Character	A distinctive mark; a letter, figure, or symbol.
Character	Style of writing or printing; handwriting; the peculiar form of letters used by a particular person or people; as, an inscription in the Runic character.
Character	The peculiar quality, or the sum of qualities, by which a person or a thing is distinguished from others; the stamp impressed by nature, education, or habit; that which a person or thing really is; nature; disposition.
Character	Strength of mind; resolution; independence; individuality; as, he has a great deal of character.
Character	Moral quality; the principles and motives that control the life; as, a man of character; his character saves him from suspicion.
Character	Quality, position, rank, or capacity; quality or conduct with respect to a certain office or duty; as, in the miserable character of a slave; in his character as a magistrate; her character as a daughter.
Character	The estimate, individual or general, put upon a person or thing; reputation; as, a man's character for truth and veracity; to give one a bad character.
Character	A written statement as to behavior, competency, etc., given to a servant.
Character	A unique or extraordinary individuality; a person characterized by peculiar or notable traits; a person who illustrates certain phases of character; as, Randolph was a character; Caesar is a great historical character.
Character	One of the persons of a drama or novel.
Charactered	of Character
Character	To engrave; to inscribe.
Character	To distinguish by particular marks or traits; to describe; to characterize.
Characterism	A distinction of character; a characteristic.
Characteristic	Pertaining to, or serving to constitute, the character; showing the character, or distinctive qualities or traits, of a person or thing; peculiar; distinctive.
Characteristic	A distinguishing trait, quality, or property; an element of character; that which characterized.
Characteristic	The integral part (whether positive or negative) of a logarithm.
Characteristical	Characteristic.
Characteristically	In a characteristic manner; in a way that characterizes.
Characterization	The act or process of characterizing.
Characterized	of Characterize
Characterizing	of Characterize
Characterize	To make distinct and recognizable by peculiar marks or traits; to make with distinctive features.
Characterize	To engrave or imprint.
Characterize	To indicate the character of; to describe.
Characterize	To be a characteristic of; to make, or express the character of.
Characterless	Destitute of any distinguishing quality; without character or force.
Charactery	The art or means of characterizing; a system of signs or characters; symbolism; distinctive mark.
Charactery	That which is charactered; the meaning.
Charade	A verbal or acted enigma based upon a word which has two or more significant syllables or parts, each of which, as well as the word itself, is to be guessed from the descriptions or representations.
Charbocle	Carbuncle.
Charbon	A small black spot or mark remaining in the cavity of the corner tooth of a horse after the large spot or mark has become obliterated.
Charbon	A very contagious and fatal disease of sheep, horses, and cattle. See Maligmant pustule.
Charcoal	Impure carbon prepared from vegetable or animal substances; esp., coal made by charring wood in a kiln, retort, etc., from which air is excluded. It is used for fuel and in various mechanical, artistic, and chemical processes.
Charcoal	Finely prepared charcoal in small sticks, used as a drawing implement.
Chard	The tender leaves or leafstalks of the artichoke, white beet, etc., blanched for table use.
Chard	A variety of the white beet, which produces large, succulent leaves and leafstalks.
Chare	A narrow street.
Chare	A chore; to chore; to do. See Char.
Charged	of Charge
Charging	of Charge
Charge	To lay on or impose, as a load, tax, or burden; to load; to fill.
Charge	To lay on or impose, as a task, duty, or trust; to command, instruct, or exhort with authority; to enjoin; to urge earnestly; as, to charge a jury; to charge the clergy of a diocese; to charge an agent.
Charge	To lay on, impose, or make subject to or liable for.
Charge	To fix or demand as a price; as, he charges two dollars a barrel for apples.
Charge	To place something to the account of as a debt; to debit, as, to charge one with goods. Also, to enter upon the debit side of an account; as, to charge a sum to one.
Charge	To impute or ascribe; to lay to one's charge.
Charge	To accuse; to make a charge or assertion against (a person or thing); to lay the responsibility (for something said or done) at the door of.
Charge	To place within or upon any firearm, piece of apparatus or machinery, the quantity it is intended and fitted to hold or bear; to load; to fill; as, to charge a gun; to charge an electrical machine, etc.
Charge	To ornament with or cause to bear; as, to charge an architectural member with a molding.
Charge	To assume as a bearing; as, he charges three roses or; to add to or represent on; as, he charges his shield with three roses or.
Charge	To call to account; to challenge.
Charge	To bear down upon; to rush upon; to attack.
Charge	To make an onset or rush; as, to charge with fixed bayonets.
Charge	To demand a price; as, to charge high for goods.
Charge	To debit on an account; as, to charge for purchases.
Charge	To squat on its belly and be still; -- a command given by a sportsman to a dog.
Charge	A load or burder laid upon a person or thing.
Charge	A person or thing commited or intrusted to the care, custody, or management of another; a trust.
Charge	Custody or care of any person, thing, or place; office; responsibility; oversight; obigation; duty.
Charge	Heed; care; anxiety; trouble.
Charge	Harm.
Charge	An order; a mandate or command; an injunction.
Charge	An address (esp. an earnest or impressive address) containing instruction or exhortation; as, the charge of a judge to a jury; the charge of a bishop to his clergy.
Charge	An accusation of a wrong of offense; allegation; indictment; specification of something alleged.
Charge	Whatever constitutes a burden on property, as rents, taxes, lines, etc.; costs; expense incurred; -- usually in the plural.
Charge	The price demanded for a thing or service.
Charge	An entry or a account of that which is due from one party to another; that which is debited in a business transaction; as, a charge in an account book.
Charge	That quantity, as of ammunition, electricity, ore, fuel, etc., which any apparatus, as a gun, battery, furnace, machine, etc., is intended to receive and fitted to hold, or which is actually in it at one time
Charge	The act of rushing upon, or towards, an enemy; a sudden onset or attack, as of troops, esp. cavalry; hence, the signal for attack; as, to sound the charge.
Charge	A position (of a weapon) fitted for attack; as, to bring a weapon to the charge.
Charge	A soft of plaster or ointment.
Charge	A bearing. See Bearing, n., 8.
Charge	Thirty-six pigs of lead, each pig weighing about seventy pounds; -- called also charre.
Charge	Weight; import; value.
Chargeable	That may be charged, laid, imposed, or imputes; as, a duty chargeable on iron; a fault chargeable on a man.
Chargeable	Subject to be charge or accused; liable or responsible; as, revenues chargeable with a claim; a man chargeable with murder.
Chargeable	Serving to create expense; costly; burdensome.
Chargeableness	The quality of being chargeable or expensive.
Chargeably	At great cost; expensively.
Chargeant	Burdensome; troublesome.
Charges d'affaires	of Charge d'affaires
Charge d'affaires	A diplomatic representative, or minister of an inferior grade, accredited by the government of one state to the minister of foreign affairs of another; also, a substitute, ad interim, for an ambassador or minister plenipotentiary.
Chargeful	Costly; expensive.
Chargehouse	A schoolhouse.
Chargeless	Free from, or with little, charge.
Chargeous	Burdensome.
Charger	One who, or that which charges.
Charger	An instrument for measuring or inserting a charge.
Charger	A large dish.
Charger	A horse for battle or parade.
Chargeship	The office of a charge d'affaires.
Charily	In a chary manner; carefully; cautiously; frugally.
Chariness	The quality of being chary.
Chariot	A two-wheeled car or vehicle for war, racing, state processions, etc.
Chariot	A four-wheeled pleasure or state carriage, having one seat.
Charioted	of Chariot
Charioting	of Chariot
Chariot	To convey in a chariot.
Chariotee	A light, covered, four-wheeled pleasure carriage with two seats.
Charioteer	One who drives a chariot.
Charioteer	A constellation. See Auriga, and Wagones.
Charism	A miraculously given power, as of healing, speaking foreign languages without instruction, etc., attributed to some of the early Christians.
Charismatic	Of or pertaining to a charism.
Charitable	Full of love and good will; benevolent; kind.
Charitable	Liberal in judging of others; disposed to look on the best side, and to avoid harsh judgment.
Charitable	Liberal in benefactions to the poor; giving freely; generous; beneficent.
Charitable	Of or pertaining to charity; springing from, or intended for, charity; relating to almsgiving; eleemosynary; as, a charitable institution.
Charitable	Dictated by kindness; favorable; lenient.
Charitableness	The quality of being charitable; the exercise of charity.
Charitably	In a charitable manner.
Charities	of Charity
Charity	Love; universal benevolence; good will.
Charity	Liberality in judging of men and their actions; a disposition which inclines men to put the best construction on the words and actions of others.
Charity	Liberality to the poor and the suffering, to benevolent institutions, or to worthy causes; generosity.
Charity	Whatever is bestowed gratuitously on the needy or suffering for their relief; alms; any act of kindness.
Charity	A charitable institution, or a gift to create and support such an institution; as, Lady Margaret's charity.
Charity	Eleemosynary appointments [grants or devises] including relief of the poor or friendless, education, religious culture, and public institutions.
Charivari	A mock serenade of discordant noises, made with kettles, tin horns, etc., designed to annoy and insult.
Chark	Charcoal; a cinder.
Charked	of Chark
Chark	To burn to a coal; to char.
Charlatan	One who prates much in his own favor, and makes unwarrantable pretensions; a quack; an impostor; an empiric; a mountebank.
Charlatanic	Alt. of Charlatanical
Charlatanical	Of or like a charlatan; making undue pretension; empirical; pretentious; quackish.
Charlatanism	Charlatanry.
Charlatanry	Undue pretensions to skill; quackery; wheedling; empiricism.
Charles's Wain	The group of seven stars, commonly called the Dipper, in the constellation Ursa Major, or Great Bear. See Ursa major, under Ursa.
Charlock	A cruciferous plant (Brassica sinapistrum) with yellow flowers; wild mustard. It is troublesome in grain fields. Called also chardock, chardlock, chedlock, and kedlock.
Charlotte	A kind of pie or pudding made by lining a dish with slices of bread, and filling it with bread soaked in milk, and baked.
Charm	A melody; a song.
Charm	A word or combination of words sung or spoken in the practice of magic; a magical combination of words, characters, etc.; an incantation.
Charm	That which exerts an irresistible power to please and attract; that which fascinates; any alluring quality.
Charm	Anything worn for its supposed efficacy to the wearer in averting ill or securing good fortune.
Charm	Any small decorative object worn on the person, as a seal, a key, a silver whistle, or the like. Bunches of charms are often worn at the watch chain.
Charmed	of Charm
Charming	of Charm
Charm	To make music upon; to tune.
Charm	To subdue, control, or summon by incantation or supernatural influence; to affect by magic.
Charm	To subdue or overcome by some secret power, or by that which gives pleasure; to allay; to soothe.
Charm	To attract irresistibly; to delight exceedingly; to enchant; to fascinate.
Charm	To protect with, or make invulnerable by, spells, charms, or supernatural influences; as, a charmed life.
Charm	To use magic arts or occult power; to make use of charms.
Charm	To act as, or produce the effect of, a charm; to please greatly; to be fascinating.
Charm	To make a musical sound.
Charmel	A fruitful field.
Charmer	One who charms, or has power to charm; one who uses the power of enchantment; a magician.
Charmer	One who delights and attracts the affections.
Charmeress	An enchantress.
Charmful	Abounding with charms.
Charming	Pleasing the mind or senses in a high degree; delighting; fascinating; attractive.
Charmless	Destitute of charms.
Charneco	Alt. of Charnico
Charnico	A sort of sweet wine.
Charnel	Containing the bodies of the dead.
Charnel	A charnel house; a grave; a cemetery.
Charon	The son of Erebus and Nox, whose office it was to ferry the souls of the dead over the Styx, a river of the infernal regions.
Charpie	Straight threads obtained by unraveling old linen cloth; -- used for surgical dressings.
Charqui	Jerked beef; beef cut into long strips and dried in the wind and sun.
Charr	See 1st Char.
Charras	The gum resin of the hemp plant (Cannabis sativa). Same as Churrus.
Charre	See Charge, n., 17.
Charry	Pertaining to charcoal, or partaking of its qualities.
Chart	A sheet of paper, pasteboard, or the like, on which information is exhibited, esp. when the information is arranged in tabular form; as, an historical chart.
Chart	A map; esp., a hydrographic or marine map; a map on which is projected a portion of water and the land which it surrounds, or by which it is surrounded, intended especially for the use of seamen; as, the United States Coast Survey charts; the English Admiralty charts.
Chart	A written deed; a charter.
Charted	of Chart
Chart	To lay down in a chart; to map; to delineate; as, to chart a coast.
Charta	Material on which instruments, books, etc., are written; parchment or paper.
Charta	A charter or deed; a writing by which a grant is made. See Magna Charta.
Chartaceous	Resembling paper or parchment; of paper-like texture; papery.
Charte	The constitution, or fundamental law, of the French monarchy, as established on the restoration of Louis XVIII., in 1814.
Charter	A written evidence in due form of things done or granted, contracts made, etc., between man and man; a deed, or conveyance.
Charter	An instrument in writing, from the sovereign power of a state or country, executed in due form, bestowing rights, franchises, or privileges.
Charter	An act of a legislative body creating a municipal or other corporation and defining its powers and privileges. Also, an instrument in writing from the constituted authorities of an order or society (as the Freemasons), creating a lodge and defining its powers.
Charter	A special privilege, immunity, or exemption.
Charter	The letting or hiring a vessel by special contract, or the contract or instrument whereby a vessel is hired or let; as, a ship is offered for sale or charter. See Charter party, below.
Chartered	of Charter
Chartering	of Charter
Charter	To establish by charter.
Charter	To hire or let by charter, as a ship. See Charter party, under Charter, n.
Chartered	Granted or established by charter; having, or existing under, a charter; having a privilege by charter.
Chartered	Hired or let by charter, as a ship.
Charterer	One who charters; esp. one who hires a ship for a voyage.
Charterhouse	A well known public school and charitable foundation in the building once used as a Carthusian monastery (Chartreuse) in London.
Charterist	Same as Chartist.
Chartism	The principles of a political party in England (1838-48), which contended for universal suffrage, the vote by ballot, annual parliaments, equal electoral districts, and other radical reforms, as set forth in a document called the People's Charter.
Chartist	A supporter or partisan of chartism.
Chartless	Without a chart; having no guide.
Chartless	Not mapped; uncharted; vague.
Chartographer	Alt. of Chartography
Chartographic	Alt. of Chartography
Chartography	Same as Cartographer, Cartographic, Cartography, etc.
Chartomancy	Divination by written paper or by cards.
Chartometer	An instrument for measuring charts or maps.
Chartreuse	A Carthusian monastery; esp. La Grande Chartreuse, mother house of the order, in the mountains near Grenoble, France.
Chartreuse	An alcoholic cordial, distilled from aromatic herbs; -- made at La Grande Chartreuse.
Chartreux	A Carthusian.
Chartulary	See Cartulary.
Charwomen	of Charwoman
Charwoman	A woman hired for odd work or for single days.
Chary	Careful; wary; cautious; not rash, reckless, or spendthrift; saving; frugal.
Charybdis	A dangerous whirlpool on the coast of Sicily opposite Scylla on the Italian coast. It is personified as a female monster. See Scylla.
Chasable	Capable of being chased; fit for hunting.
Chased	of Chase
Chasing	of Chase
Chase	To pursue for the purpose of killing or taking, as an enemy, or game; to hunt.
Chase	To follow as if to catch; to pursue; to compel to move on; to drive by following; to cause to fly; -- often with away or off; as, to chase the hens away.
Chase	To pursue eagerly, as hunters pursue game.
Chase	To give chase; to hunt; as, to chase around after a doctor.
Chase	Vehement pursuit for the purpose of killing or capturing, as of an enemy, or game; an earnest seeking after any object greatly desired; the act or habit of hunting; a hunt.
Chase	That which is pursued or hunted.
Chase	An open hunting ground to which game resorts, and which is private properly, thus differing from a forest, which is not private property, and from a park, which is inclosed. Sometimes written chace.
Chase	A division of the floor of a gallery, marked by a figure or otherwise; the spot where a ball falls, and between which and the dedans the adversary must drive his ball in order to gain a point.
Chase	A rectangular iron frame in which pages or columns of type are imposed.
Chase	The part of a cannon from the reenforce or the trunnions to the swell of the muzzle. See Cannon.
Chase	A groove, or channel, as in the face of a wall; a trench, as for the reception of drain tile.
Chase	A kind of joint by which an overlap joint is changed to a flush joint, by means of a gradually deepening rabbet, as at the ends of clinker-built boats.
Chase	To ornament (a surface of metal) by embossing, cutting away parts, and the like.
Chase	To cut, so as to make a screw thread.
Chaser	One who or that which chases; a pursuer; a driver; a hunter.
Chaser	Same as Chase gun, esp. in terms bow chaser and stern chaser. See under Bow, Stern.
Chaser	One who chases or engraves. See 5th Chase, and Enchase.
Chaser	A tool with several points, used for cutting or finishing screw threads, either external or internal, on work revolving in a lathe.
Chasible	See Chasuble.
Chasing	The art of ornamenting metal by means of chasing tools; also, a piece of ornamental work produced in this way.
Chasm	A deep opening made by disruption, as a breach in the earth or a rock; a yawning abyss; a cleft; a fissure.
Chasm	A void space; a gap or break, as in ranks of men.
Chasmed	Having gaps or a chasm.
Chasmy	Of or pertaining to a chasm; abounding in chasms.
Chasse	A movement in dancing, as across or to the right or left.
Chasse	To make the movement called chasse; as, all chasse; chasse to the right or left.
Chasselas	A white grape, esteemed for the table.
Chassepot	A kind of breechloading, center-fire rifle, or improved needle gun.
Chasseur	One of a body of light troops, cavalry or infantry, trained for rapid movements.
Chasseur	An attendant upon persons of rank or wealth, wearing a plume and sword.
Chassis	A traversing base frame, or movable railway, along which the carriage of a barbette or casemate gun moves backward and forward. [See Gun carriage.]
Chast	to chasten.
Chaste	Pure from unlawful sexual intercourse; virtuous; continent.
Chaste	Pure in thought and act; innocent; free from lewdness and obscenity, or indecency in act or speech; modest; as, a chaste mind; chaste eyes.
Chaste	Pure in design and expression; correct; free from barbarisms or vulgarisms; refined; simple; as, a chaste style in composition or art.
Chaste	Unmarried.
Chastely	In a chaste manner; with purity.
Chastened	of Chasten
Chastening	of Chasten
Chasten	To correct by punishment; to inflict pain upon the purpose of reclaiming; to discipline; as, to chasten a son with a rod.
Chasten	To purify from errors or faults; to refine.
Chastened	Corrected; disciplined; refined; purified; toned down.
Chastener	One who chastens.
Chasteness	Chastity; purity.
Chasteness	Freedom from all that is meretricious, gaudy, or affected; as, chasteness of design.
Chastisable	Capable or deserving of chastisement; punishable.
Chastised	of Chastise
Chastising	of Chastise
Chastise	To inflict pain upon, by means of stripes, or in any other manner, for the purpose of punishment or reformation; to punish, as with stripes.
Chastise	To reduce to order or obedience; to correct or purify; to free from faults or excesses.
Chastisement	The act of chastising; pain inflicted for punishment and correction; discipline; punishment.
Chastiser	One who chastises; a punisher; a corrector.
Chastity	The state of being chaste; purity of body; freedom from unlawful sexual intercourse.
Chastity	Moral purity.
Chastity	The unmarried life; celibacy.
Chastity	Chasteness.
Chasuble	The outer vestment worn by the priest in saying Mass, consisting, in the Roman Catholic Church, of a broad, flat, back piece, and a narrower front piece, the two connected over the shoulders only. The back has usually a large cross, the front an upright bar or pillar, designed to be emblematical of Christ's sufferings. In the Greek Church the chasuble is a large round mantle.
Chatted	of Chat
Chatting	of Chat
Chat	To talk in a light and familiar manner; to converse without form or ceremony; to gossip.
Chat	To talk of.
Chat	Light, familiar talk; conversation; gossip.
Chat	A bird of the genus Icteria, allied to the warblers, in America. The best known species are the yellow-breasted chat (I. viridis), and the long-tailed chat (I. longicauda). In Europe the name is given to several birds of the family Saxicolidae, as the stonechat, and whinchat.
Chat	A twig, cone, or little branch. See Chit.
Chat	Small stones with ore.
Chateux	of Chateau
Chateau	A castle or a fortress in France.
Chateau	A manor house or residence of the lord of the manor; a gentleman's country seat; also, particularly, a royal residence; as, the chateau of the Louvre; the chateau of the Luxembourg.
Chatelaine	An ornamental hook, or brooch worn by a lady at her waist, and having a short chain or chains attached for a watch, keys, trinkets, etc. Also used adjectively; as, a chatelaine chain.
Chatelet	A little castle.
Chatellany	Same as Castellany.
Chati	A small South American species of tiger cat (Felis mitis).
Chatoyant	Having a changeable, varying luster, or color, like that of a changeable silk, or oa a cat's eye in the dark.
Chatoyant	A hard stone, as the cat's-eye, which presents on a polished surface, and in the interior, an undulating or wary light.
Chatoyment	Changeableness of color, as in a mineral; play of colors.
Chattel	Any item of movable or immovable property except the freehold, or the things which are parcel of it. It is a more extensive term than goods or effects.
Chattelism	The act or condition of holding chattels; the state of being a chattel.
Chattered	of Chatter
Chattering	of Chatter
Chatter	To utter sounds which somewhat resemble language, but are inarticulate and indistinct.
Chatter	To talk idly, carelessly, or with undue rapidity; to jabber; to prate.
Chatter	To make a noise by rapid collisions.
Chatter	To utter rapidly, idly, or indistinctly.
Chatter	Sounds like those of a magpie or monkey; idle talk; rapid, thoughtless talk; jabber; prattle.
Chatter	Noise made by collision of the teeth, as in shivering.
Chatteration	The act or habit of chattering.
Chatterer	A prater; an idle talker.
Chatterer	A bird of the family Ampelidae -- so called from its monotonous note.  The Bohemion chatterer (Ampelis garrulus) inhabits the arctic regions of both continents. In America the cedar bird is a more common species. See Bohemian chatterer, and Cedar bird.
Chattering	The act or habit of talking idly or rapidly, or of making inarticulate sounds; the sounds so made; noise made by the collision of the teeth; chatter.
Chattiness	The quality of being chatty, or of talking easily and pleasantly.
Chatty	Given to light, familiar talk; talkative.
Chatty	A porous earthen pot used in India for cooling water, etc.
Chatwood	Little sticks; twigs for burning; fuel.
Chaud-medley	The killing of a person in an affray, in the heat of blood, and while under the influence of passion, thus distinguished from chance-medley or killing in self-defense, or in a casual affray.
Chaudron	See Chawdron.
Chauffer	A table stove or small furnace, usually a cylindrical box of sheet iron, with a grate at the bottom, and an open top.
Chauldron	See Chawdron.
Chaun	A gap.
Chaun	To open; to yawn.
Chaunt	See Chant.
Chaunter	A street seller of ballads and other broadsides.
Chaunter	A deceitful, tricky dealer or horse jockey.
Chaunter	The flute of a bagpipe. See Chanter, n., 3.
Chaunterie	See Chantry.
Chaus	a lynxlike animal of Asia and Africa (Lynx Lybicus).
Chausses	The garment for the legs and feet and for the body below the waist, worn in Europe throughout the Middle Ages; applied also to the armor for the same parts, when fixible, as of chain mail.
Chaussure	A foot covering of any kind.
Chauvinism	Blind and absurd devotion to a fallen leader or an obsolete cause; hence, absurdly vainglorious or exaggerated patriotism.
Chavender	The chub.
Chawed	of Chaw
Chawing	of Chaw
Chaw	To grind with the teeth; to masticate, as food in eating; to chew, as the cud; to champ, as the bit.
Chaw	To ruminate in thought; to consider; to keep the mind working upon; to brood over.
Chaw	As much as is put in the mouth at once; a chew; a quid.
Chaw	The jaw.
Chawdron	Entrails.
Chay root	The root of the Oldenlandia umbellata, native in India, which yieds a durable red dyestuff.
Chazy epoch	An epoch at the close of the Canadian period of the American Lower Silurian system; -- so named from a township in Clinton Co., New York. See the Diagram under Geology.
Cheap	A bargain; a purchase; cheapness.
Cheap	Having a low price in market; of small cost or price, as compared with the usual price or the real value.
Cheap	Of comparatively small value; common; mean.
Cheap	Cheaply.
Cheap	To buy; to bargain.
Cheapened	of Cheapen
Cheapening	of Cheapen
Cheapen	To ask the price of; to bid, bargain, or chaffer for.
Cheapen	To beat down the price of; to lessen the value of; to depreciate.
Cheapener	One who cheapens.
Cheap-jack	Alt. of Cheap-john
Cheap-john	A seller of low-priced or second goods; a hawker.
Cheaply	At a small price; at a low value; in a common or inferior manner.
Cheapness	Lowness in price, considering the usual price, or real value.
Chear	See Cheer.
Cheat	An act of deception or fraud; that which is the means of fraud or deception; a fraud; a trick; imposition; imposture.
Cheat	One who cheats or deceives; an impostor; a deceiver; a cheater.
Cheat	A troublesome grass, growing as a weed in grain fields; -- called also chess. See Chess.
Cheat	The obtaining of property from another by an intentional active distortion of the truth.
Cheated	of Cheat
Cheating	of Cheat
Cheat	To deceive and defraud; to impose upon; to trick; to swindle.
Cheat	To beguile.
Cheat	To practice fraud or trickery; as, to cheat at cards.
Cheat	Wheat, or bread made from wheat.
Cheatable	Capable of being cheated.
Cheatableness	Capability of being cheated.
Cheater	One who cheats.
Cheater	An escheator.
Chebacco	A narrow-sterned boat formerly much used in the Newfoundland fisheries; -- called also pinkstern and chebec.
Chebec	See Chebacco.
Chebec	A small American bird (Empidonax minimus); the least flycatcher.
Check	A word of warning denoting that the king is in danger; such a menace of a player's king by an adversary's move as would, if it were any other piece, expose it to immediate capture. A king so menaced is said to be in check, and must be made safe at the next move.
Check	A condition of interrupted or impeded progress; arrest; stop; delay; as, to hold an enemy in check.
Check	Whatever arrests progress, or limits action; an obstacle, guard, restraint, or rebuff.
Check	A mark, certificate, or token, by which, errors may be prevented, or a thing or person may be identified; as, checks placed against items in an account; a check given for baggage; a return check on a railroad.
Check	A written order directing a bank or banker to pay money as therein stated. See Bank check, below.
Check	A woven or painted design in squares resembling the patten of a checkerboard; one of the squares of such a design; also, cloth having such a figure.
Check	The forsaking by a hawk of its proper game to follow other birds.
Check	Small chick or crack.
Checked	of Check
Checking	of Check
Check	To make a move which puts an adversary's piece, esp. his king, in check; to put in check.
Check	To put a sudden restraint upon; to stop temporarily; to hinder; to repress; to curb.
Check	To verify, to guard, to make secure, by means of a mark, token, or other check; to distinguish by a check; to put a mark against (an item) after comparing with an original or a counterpart in order to secure accuracy; as, to check an account; to check baggage.
Check	To chide, rebuke, or reprove.
Check	To slack or ease off, as a brace which is too stiffly extended.
Check	To make checks or chinks in; to cause to crack; as, the sun checks timber.
Check	To make a stop; to pause; -- with at.
Check	To clash or interfere.
Check	To act as a curb or restraint.
Check	To crack or gape open, as wood in drying; or to crack in small checks, as varnish, paint, etc.
Check	To turn, when in pursuit of proper game, and fly after other birds.
Check	Checkered; designed in checks.
Checkage	The act of checking; as, the checkage of a name or of an item in a list.
Checkage	The items, or the amount, to which attention is called by a check or checks.
Checker	One who checks.
Checkered	of Checker
Checkering	of Checker
Checker	To mark with small squares like a checkerboard, as by crossing stripes of different colors.
Checker	To variegate or diversify with different qualities, colors, scenes, or events; esp., to subject to frequent alternations of prosperity and adversity.
Checker	A piece in the game of draughts or checkers.
Checker	A pattern in checks; a single check.
Checker	Checkerwork.
Checkerberries	of Checkerberry
Checkerberry	A spicy plant and its bright red berry; the wintergreen (Gaultheria procumbens). Also incorrectly applied to the partridge berry (Mitchella repens).
Checkerboard	A board with sixty-four squares of alternate color, used for playing checkers or draughts.
Checkered	Marked with alternate squares or checks of different color or material.
Checkered	Diversified or variegated in a marked manner, as in appearance, character, circumstances, etc.
Checkers	A game, called also daughts, played on a checkerboard by two persons, each having twelve men (counters or checkers) which are moved diagonally.  The game is ended when either of the players has lost all his men, or can not move them.
Checkerwork	Work consisting of or showing checkers varied alternately as to colors or materials.
Checkerwork	Any aggregate of varied vicissitudes.
Checklaton	Ciclatoun.
Checklaton	Gilded leather.
Checkless	That can not be checked or restrained.
Checkmate	The position in the game of chess when a king is in check and cannot be released, -- which ends the game.
Checkmate	A complete check; utter defeat or overthrow.
Checkmated	of Checkmate
Checkmating	of Checkmate
Checkmate	To check (an adversary's king) in such a manner that escape in impossible; to defeat (an adversary) by putting his king in check from which there is no escape.
Checkmate	To defeat completely; to terminate; to thwart.
Checkrein	A short rein looped over the check hook to prevent a horse from lowering his head; -- called also a bearing rein.
Checkrein	A branch rein connecting the driving rein of one horse of a span or pair with the bit of the other horse.
Checkroll	A list of servants in a household; -- called also chequer roll.
Checkstring	A cord by which a person in a carriage or horse car may signal to the driver.
Checkwork	Anything made so as to form alternate squares like those of a checkerboard.
Checky	Divided into small alternating squares of two tinctures; -- said of the field or of an armorial bearing.
Cheddar	Of or pertaining to, or made at, Cheddar, in England; as, Cheddar cheese.
Cheek	The side of the face below the eye.
Cheek	The cheek bone.
Cheek	Those pieces of a machine, or of any timber, or stone work, which form corresponding sides, or which are similar and in pair; as, the cheeks (jaws) of a vise; the cheeks of a gun carriage, etc.
Cheek	The branches of a bridle bit.
Cheek	A section of a flask, so made that it can be moved laterally, to permit the removal of the pattern from the mold; the middle part of a flask.
Cheek	Cool confidence; assurance; impudence.
Cheek	To be impudent or saucy to.
Cheeked	Having a cheek; -- used in composition.
Cheeky	a Brazen-faced; impudent; bold.
Cheeped	of Cheep
Cheep	To chirp, as a young bird.
Cheep	To give expression to in a chirping tone.
Cheep	A chirp, peep, or squeak, as of a young bird or mouse.
Cheer	The face; the countenance or its expression.
Cheer	Feeling; spirit; state of mind or heart.
Cheer	Gayety; mirth; cheerfulness; animation.
Cheer	That which promotes good spirits or cheerfulness; provisions prepared for a feast; entertainment; as, a table loaded with good cheer.
Cheer	A shout, hurrah, or acclamation, expressing joy enthusiasm, applause, favor, etc.
Cheered	of Cheer
Cheering	of Cheer
Cheer	To cause to rejoice; to gladden; to make cheerful; -- often with up.
Cheer	To infuse life, courage, animation, or hope, into; to inspirit; to solace or comfort.
Cheer	To salute or applaud with cheers; to urge on by cheers; as, to cheer hounds in a chase.
Cheer	To grow cheerful; to become gladsome or joyous; -- usually with up.
Cheer	To be in any state or temper of mind.
Cheer	To utter a shout or shouts of applause, triumph, etc.
Cheerer	One who cheers; one who, or that which, gladdens.
Cheerful	Having or showing good spirits or joy; cheering; cheery; contented; happy; joyful; lively; animated; willing.
Cheerfully	In a cheerful manner, gladly.
Cheerfulness	Good spirits; a state of moderate joy or gayety; alacrity.
Cheerily	In a cheery manner.
Cheeriness	The state of being cheery.
Cheeringly	In a manner to cheer or encourage.
Cheerisness	Cheerfulness.
Cheerless	Without joy, gladness, or comfort.
Cheerly	Gay; cheerful.
Cheerly	Cheerily.
Cheerry	Cheerful; lively; gay; bright; pleasant; as, a cheery person.
Cheese	The curd of milk, coagulated usually with rennet, separated from the whey, and pressed into a solid mass in a hoop or mold.
Cheese	A mass of pomace, or ground apples, pressed together in the form of a cheese.
Cheese	The flat, circular, mucilaginous fruit of the dwarf mallow (Malva rotundifolia).
Cheese	A low courtesy; -- so called on account of the cheese form assumed by a woman's dress when she stoops after extending the skirts by a rapid gyration.
Cheeselep	A bag in which rennet is kept.
Cheesemonger	One who deals in cheese.
Cheeseparing	A thin portion of the rind of a cheese.
Cheeseparing	Scrimping; mean; as, cheeseparing economy.
Cheesiness	The quality of being cheesy.
Cheesy	Having the nature, qualities, taste, form, consistency, or appearance of cheese.
Cheetah	A species of leopard (Cynaelurus jubatus) tamed and used for hunting in India. The woolly cheetah of South Africa is C. laneus.
Chef	A chief of head person.
Chef	The head cook of large establishment, as a club, a family, etc.
Chef	Same as Chief.
Chefs-d'oeuvre	of Chef-d'oeuvre
Chef-d'oeuvre	A masterpiece; a capital work in art, literature, etc.
Chegoe	Alt. of Chegre
Chegre	See Chigoe.
Cheiloplasty	The process of forming an artificial tip or part of a lip, by using for the purpose a piece of healthy tissue taken from some neighboring part.
Cheilopoda	See Ch/lopoda.
Cheirepter	One of the Cheiroptera.
Cheiroptera	An order of mammalia, including the bats, having four toes of each of the anterior limbs elongated and connected by a web, so that they can be used like wings in flying. See Bat.
Cheiropterous	Belonging to the Cheiroptera, or Bat family.
Cheiropterygia	of Cheiropterygium
Cheiropterygium	The typical pentadactyloid limb of the higher vertebrates.
Cheirosophy	The art of reading character as it is delineated in the hand.
Cheirotherium	A genus of extinct animals, so named from fossil footprints rudely resembling impressions of the human hand, and believed to have been made by labyrinthodont reptiles. See Illustration in Appendix.
Chekelatoun	See Ciclatoun.
Chekmak	A turkish fabric of silk and cotton, with gold thread interwoven.
Chelae	of Chela
Chela	The pincherlike claw of Crustacea and Arachnida.
Chelate	Same as Cheliferous.
Chelerythrine	An alkaloidal principle obtained from the celandine, and named from the red color of its salts. It is a colorless crystalline substance, and acts as an acrid narcotic poison. It is identical with sanguinarine.
Chelicerae	of Chelicera
Chelicera	One of the anterior pair of mouth organs, terminated by a pincherlike claw, in scorpions and allied Arachnida. They are homologous with the falcers of spiders, and probably with the mandibles of insects.
Chelidon	The hollow at the flexure of the arm.
Chelidonic	Of, pertaining to, or derived from, the celandine.
Chelidonius	A small stone taken from the gizzard of a young swallow. -- anciently worn as a medicinal charm.
Chelifer	See Book scorpion, under Book.
Cheliferous	Having cheliform claws, like a crab.
Cheliform	Having a movable joint or finger closing against a preceding joint or a projecting part of it, so that the whole may be used for grasping, as the claw of a crab; pincherlike.
Chelone	A genus of hardy perennial flowering plants, of the order Scrophulariaceae, natives of North America; -- called also snakehead, turtlehead, shellflower, etc.
Chelonia	An order of reptiles, including the tortoises and turtles, peculiar in having a part of the vertebrae, ribs, and sternum united with the dermal plates so as to form a firm shell. The jaws are covered by a horny beak. See Reptilia; also, Illust. in Appendix.
Chelonian	Of or pertaining to animals of the tortoise kind.
Chelonian	One of the Chelonia.
Chelura	A genus of marine amphipod crustacea, which bore into and sometimes destroy timber.
Chely	A claw. See Chela.
Chemic	A chemist; an alchemist.
Chemic	A solution of chloride of lime.
Chemic	Chemical.
Chemical	Pertaining to chemistry; characterized or produced by the forces and operations of chemistry; employed in the processes of chemistry; as, chemical changes; chemical combinations.
Chemical	A substance used for producing a chemical effect; a reagent.
Chemically	According to chemical principles; by chemical process or operation.
Chemiglyphic	Engraved by a voltaic battery.
Chemiloon	A garment for women, consisting of chemise and drawers united in one.
Chemise	A shift, or undergarment, worn by women.
Chemise	A wall that lines the face of a bank or earthwork.
Chemisette	An under-garment, worn by women, usually covering the neck, shoulders, and breast.
Chemism	The force exerted between the atoms of elementary substance whereby they unite to form chemical compounds; chemical attaction; affinity; -- sometimes used as a general expression for chemical activity or relationship.
Chemist	A person versed in chemistry or given to chemical investigation; an analyst; a maker or seller of chemicals or drugs.
Chemistry	That branch of science which treats of the composition of substances, and of the changes which they undergo in consequence of alterations in the constitution of the molecules, which depend upon variations of the number, kind, or mode of arrangement, of the constituent atoms. These atoms are not assumed to be indivisible, but merely the finest grade of subdivision hitherto attained. Chemistry deals with the changes in the composition and constitution of molecules. See Atom, Molecule.
Chemistry	An application of chemical theory and method to the consideration of some particular subject; as, the chemistry of iron; the chemistry of indigo.
Chemistry	A treatise on chemistry.
Chemitype	One of a number of processes by which an impression from an engraved plate is obtained in relief, to be used for printing on an ordinary printing press.
Chemolysis	A term sometimes applied to the decomposition of organic substance into more simple bodies, by the use of chemical agents alone.
Chemosmosis	Chemical action taking place through an intervening membrane.
Chemosmotic	Pertaining to, or produced by, chemosmosis.
Chemung period	A subdivision in the upper part of the Devonian system in America, so named from the Chemung River, along which the rocks are well developed. It includes the Portage and Chemung groups or epochs. See the Diagram under Geology.
Cheng	A chinese reed instrument, with tubes, blown by the mouth.
Chenille	Tufted cord, of silk or worsted, for the trimming of ladies' dresses, for embroidery and fringes, and for the weft of Chenille rugs.
Chenomorphae	An order of birds, including the swans, ducks, geese, flamingoes and screamers.
Chepster	The European starling.
Cheque	See Check.
Chequer	Same as Checker.
Chequing	A coin. See Sequin.
Chequy	Same as Checky.
Cherif	See Cherif.
Cherimoyer	A small downy-leaved tree (Anona Cherimolia), with fragrant flowers. It is a native of Peru.
Cherimoyer	Its delicious fruit, which is succulent, dark purple, and similar to the custard apple of the West Indies.
Cherished	of Cherish
Cherising	of Cherish
Cherish	To treat with tenderness and affection; to nurture with care; to protect and aid.
Cherish	To hold dear; to embrace with interest; to indulge; to encourage; to foster; to promote; as, to cherish religious principle.
Cherisher	One who cherishes.
Cherishment	Encouragement; comfort.
Chermes	See Kermes.
Cherogril	See Cony.
Cherokees	An Appalachian tribe of Indians, formerly inhabiting the region about the head waters of the Tennessee River. They are now mostly settled in the Indian Territory, and have become one of the most civilized of the Indian Tribes.
Cheroot	A kind of cigar, originally brought from Mania, in the Philippine Islands; now often made of inferior or adulterated tobacco.
Cherry	A tree or shrub of the genus Prunus (Which also includes the plum) bearing a fleshy drupe with a bony stone;
Cherry	The common garden cherry (Prunus Cerasus), of which several hundred varieties are cultivated for the fruit, some of which are, the begarreau, blackheart, black Tartarian, oxheart, morelle or morello, May-duke (corrupted from Medoc in France).
Cherry	The wild cherry; as, Prunus serotina (wild black cherry), valued for its timber; P. Virginiana (choke cherry), an American shrub which bears astringent fruit; P. avium and P. Padus, European trees (bird cherry).
Cherry	The fruit of the cherry tree, a drupe of various colors and flavors.
Cherry	The timber of the cherry tree, esp. of the black cherry, used in cabinetmaking, etc.
Cherry	A peculiar shade of red, like that of a cherry.
Cherry	Like a red cherry in color; ruddy; blooming; as, a cherry lip; cherry cheeks.
Chersonese	A peninsula; a tract of land nearly surrounded by water, but united to a larger tract by a neck of land or isthmus; as, the Cimbric Chersonese, or Jutland; the Tauric Chersonese, or Crimea.
Chert	An impure, massive, flintlike quartz or hornstone, of a dull color.
Cherty	Like chert; containing chert; flinty.
Cherubs	of Cherub
Cherubim	of Cherub
Cherub	A mysterious composite being, the winged footstool and chariot of the Almighty, described in Ezekiel i. and x.
Cherub	A symbolical winged figure of unknown form used in connection with the mercy seat of the Jewish Ark and Temple.
Cherub	One of a order of angels, variously represented in art. In European painting the cherubim have been shown as blue, to denote knowledge, as distinguished from the seraphim (see Seraph), and in later art the children's heads with wings are generally called cherubs.
Cherub	A beautiful child; -- so called because artists have represented cherubs as beautiful children.
Cherubic	Alt. of Cherubical
Cherubical	Of or pertaining to cherubs; angelic.
Cherubim	The Hebrew plural of Cherub.. Cf. Seraphim.
Cherubin	Cherubic; angelic.
Cherubin	A cherub.
Cherup	To make a short, shrill, cheerful sound; to chirp. See Chirrup.
Cherup	To excite or urge on by making a short, shrill, cheerful sound; to cherup to. See Chirrup.
Cherup	A short, sharp, cheerful noise; a chirp; a chirrup; as, the cherup of a cricket.
Chervil	A plant (Anthriscus cerefolium) with pinnately divided aromatic leaves, of which several curled varieties are used in soups and salads.
Ches	pret. of Chese.
Chese	To choose
Chesible	See Chasuble.
Cheslip	The wood louse.
Chess	A game played on a chessboard, by two persons, with two differently colored sets of men, sixteen in each set. Each player has a king, a queen, two bishops, two knights, two castles or rooks, and eight pawns.
Chess	A species of brome grass (Bromus secalinus) which is a troublesome weed in wheat fields, and is often erroneously regarded as degenerate or changed wheat; it bears a very slight resemblance to oats, and if reaped and ground up with wheat, so as to be used for food, is said to produce narcotic effects; -- called also cheat and Willard's bromus.
Chess-apple	The wild service of Europe (Purus torminalis).
Chessboard	The board used in the game of chess, having eight rows of alternate light and dark squares, eight in each row. See Checkerboard.
Chessel	The wooden mold in which cheese is pressed.
Chesses	The platforms, consisting of two or more planks doweled together, for the flooring of a temporary military bridge.
Chessil	Gravel or pebbles.
Chessmen	of Chessman
Chessman	A piece used in the game of chess.
Chessom	Mellow earth; mold.
Chesstree	A piece of oak bolted perpendicularly on the side of a vessel, to aid in drawing down and securing the clew of the mainsail.
Chessy copper	The mineral azurite, found in fine crystallization at Chessy, near Lyons; called also chessylite.
Chest	A large box of wood, or other material, having, like a trunk, a lid, but no covering of skin, leather, or cloth.
Chest	A coffin.
Chest	The part of the body inclosed by the ribs and breastbone; the thorax.
Chest	A case in which certain goods, as tea, opium, etc., are transported; hence, the quantity which such a case contains.
Chest	A tight receptacle or box, usually for holding gas, steam, liquids, etc.; as, the steam chest of an engine; the wind chest of an organ.
Chested	of Chest
Chest	To deposit in a chest; to hoard.
Chest	To place in a coffin.
Chest	Strife; contention; controversy.
Chested	Having (such) a chest; -- in composition; as, broad-chested; narrow-chested.
Chesterlite	A variety of feldspar found in crystals in the county of Chester, Pennsylvania.
Chesteyn	The chestnut tree.
Chest founder	A rheumatic affection of the muscles of the breast and fore legs of a horse, affecting motion and respiration.
Chestnut	The edible nut of a forest tree (Castanea vesca) of Europe and America. Commonly two or more of the nuts grow in a prickly bur.
Chestnut	The tree itself, or its light, coarse-grained timber, used for ornamental work, furniture, etc.
Chestnut	A bright brown color, like that of the nut.
Chestnut	The horse chestnut (often so used in England).
Chestnut	One of the round, or oval, horny plates on the inner sides of the legs of the horse, and allied animals.
Chestnut	An old joke or story.
Chestnut	Of the color of a chestnut; of a reddish brown color; as, chestnut curls.
Chetah	See Cheetah.
Chetvert	A measure of grain equal to 0.7218 of an imperial quarter, or 5.95 Winchester bushels.
Chevachie	See Chivachie.
Chevage	See Chiefage.
Chevaux	of Cheval
Cheval	A horse; hence, a support or frame.
Chevaux-de-frise	of Cheval-de-frise
Cheval-de-frise	A piece of timber or an iron barrel traversed with iron-pointed spikes or spears, five or six feet long, used to defend a passage, stop a breach, or impede the advance of cavalry, etc.
Chevalier	A horseman; a knight; a gallant young man.
Chevalier	A member of certain orders of knighthood.
Chevaux	See Cheval.
Cheve	To come to an issue; to turn out; to succeed; as, to cheve well in a enterprise.
Chevelure	A hairlike envelope.
Cheven	A river fish; the chub.
Cheventein	A variant of Chieftain.
Cheveril	Soft leather made of kid skin. Fig.: Used as a symbol of flexibility.
Cheveril	Made of cheveril; pliant.
Cheverliize	To make as pliable as kid leather.
Chevet	The extreme end of the chancel or choir; properly the round or polygonal part.
Cheviot	A valuable breed of mountain sheep in Scotland, which takes its name from the Cheviot hills.
Cheviot	A woolen fabric, for men's clothing.
Chevisance	Achievement; deed; performance.
Chevisance	A bargain; profit; gain.
Chevisance	A making of contracts.
Chevisance	A bargain or contract; an agreement about a matter in dispute, such as a debt; a business compact.
Chevisance	An unlawful agreement or contract.
Chevrette	A machine for raising guns or mortar into their carriages.
Chevron	One of the nine honorable ordinaries, consisting of two broad bands of the width of the bar, issuing, respectively from the dexter and sinister bases of the field and conjoined at its center.
Chevron	A distinguishing mark, above the elbow, on the sleeve of a non-commissioned officer's coat.
Chevron	A zigzag molding, or group of moldings, common in Norman architecture.
Chevroned	Having a chevron; decorated with an ornamental figure of a zigzag from.
Chevronel	A bearing like a chevron, but of only half its width.
Chevronwise	In the manner of a chevron; as, the field may be divided chevronwise.
Chevrotain	A small ruminant of the family Tragulidae a allied to the musk deer. It inhabits Africa and the East Indies. See Kanchil.
Chevy	See Chivy, v. t.
Chewed	of Chew
Chewing	of Chew
Chew	To bite and grind with the teeth; to masticate.
Chew	To ruminate mentally; to meditate on.
Chew	To perform the action of biting and grinding with the teeth; to ruminate; to meditate.
Chew	That which is chewed; that which is held in the mouth at once; a cud.
Chewer	One who chews.
Chewet	A kind of meat pie.
Chewink	An american bird (Pipilo erythrophthalmus) of the Finch family, so called from its note; -- called also towhee bunting and ground robin.
Cheyennes	A warlike tribe of indians, related to the blackfeet, formerly inhabiting the region of Wyoming, but now mostly on reservations in the Indian Territory. They are noted for their horsemanship.
Chian	Of or pertaining to Chios, an island in the Aegean Sea.
Chiaroscurist	A painter who cares for and studies light and shade rather than color.
Chiaroscuro	Alt. of Chiaro-oscuro
Chiaro-oscuro	The arrangement of light and dark parts in a work of art, such as a drawing or painting, whether in monochrome or in color.
Chiaro-oscuro	The art or practice of so arranging the light and dark parts as to produce a harmonious effect. Cf. Clair-obscur.
Chiasm	Alt. of Chiasma
Chiasma	A commissure; especially, the optic commissure, or crucial union of the optic nerves.
Chiasmus	An inversion of the order of words or phrases, when repeated or subsequently referred to in a sentence
Chiastolite	A variety of andalusite; -- called also macle. The tessellated appearance of a cross section is due to the symmetrical arrangement of impurities in the crystal.
Chibbal	See Cibol.
Chibouque	Alt. of Chibouk
Chibouk	A Turkish pipe, usually with a mouthpiece of amber, a stem, four or five feet long and not pliant, of some valuable wood, and a bowl of baked clay.
Chic	Good form; style.
Chica	A red coloring matter. extracted from the Bignonia Chica, used by some tribes of South American Indians to stain the skin.
Chica	A fermented liquor or beer made in South American from a decoction of maize.
Chica	A popular Moorish, Spanish, and South American dance, said to be the original of the fandango, etc.
Chicane	The use of artful subterfuge, designed to draw away attention from the merits of a case or question; -- specifically applied to legal proceedings; trickery; chicanery; caviling; sophistry.
Chicane	To use shifts, cavils, or artifices.
Chicaner	One who uses chicanery.
Chicanery	Mean or unfair artifice to perplex a cause and obscure the truth; stratagem; sharp practice; sophistry.
Chiccory	See Chicory.
Chiches	of Chich
Chich	The chick-pea.
Chicha	See Chica.
Chichevache	A fabulous cow of enormous size, whose food was patient wives, and which was therefore in very lean condition.
Chichling	Alt. of Chichling vetch
Chichling vetch	A leguminous plant (Lathyrus sativus), with broad flattened seeds which are sometimes used for food.
Chick	To sprout, as seed in the ground; to vegetate.
Chick	A chicken.
Chick	A child or young person; -- a term of endearment.
Chickabiddy	A chicken; a fowl; also, a trivial term of endearment for a child.
Chickadee	A small bird, the blackcap titmouse (Parus atricapillus), of North America; -- named from its note.
Chickaree	The American red squirrel (Sciurus Hudsonius); -- so called from its cry.
Chickasaws	A tribe of North American Indians (Southern Appalachian) allied to the Choctaws. They formerly occupied the northern part of Alabama and Mississippi, but now live in the Indian Territory.
Chicken	A young bird or fowl, esp. a young barnyard fowl.
Chicken	A young person; a child; esp. a young woman; a maiden.
Chicken-breasted	Having a narrow, projecting chest, caused by forward curvature of the vertebral column.
Chicken-hearted	Timid; fearful; cowardly.
Chicken pox	A mild, eruptive disease, generally attacking children only; varicella.
Chickling	A small chick or chicken.
Chick-pea	A Small leguminous plant (Cicer arietinum) of Asia, Africa, and the south of Europe; the chich; the dwarf pea; the gram.
Chick-pea	Its nutritious seed, used in cookery, and especially, when roasted (parched pulse), as food for travelers in the Eastern deserts.
Chickweed	The name of several caryophyllaceous weeds, especially Stellaria media, the seeds and flower buds of which are a favorite food of small birds.
Chicky	A chicken; -- used as a diminutive or pet name, especially in calling fowls.
Chicory	A branching perennial plant (Cichorium Intybus) with bright blue flowers, growing wild in Europe, Asia, and America; also cultivated for its roots and as a salad plant; succory; wild endive. See Endive.
Chicory	The root, which is roasted for mixing with coffee.
Chide	To rebuke; to reprove; to scold; to find fault with.
Chide	Fig.: To be noisy about; to chafe against.
Chide	To utter words of disapprobation and displeasure; to find fault; to contend angrily.
Chide	To make a clamorous noise; to chafe.
Chide	A continuous noise or murmur.
Chider	One who chides or quarrels.
Chideress	She who chides.
Chidester	A female scold.
Chidingly	In a chiding or reproving manner.
Chief	The head or leader of any body of men; a commander, as of an army; a head man, as of a tribe, clan, or family; a person in authority who directs the work of others; the principal actor or agent.
Chief	The principal part; the most valuable portion.
Chief	The upper third part of the field. It is supposed to be composed of the dexter, sinister, and middle chiefs.
Chief	Highest in office or rank; principal; head.
Chief	Principal or most eminent in any quality or action; most distinguished; having most influence; taking the lead; most important; as, the chief topic of conversation; the chief interest of man.
Chief	Very intimate, near, or close.
Chiefage	A tribute by the head; a capitation tax.
Chief baron	The presiding judge of the court of exchequer.
Chiefest	First or foremost; chief; principal.
Chief hare	A small rodent (Lagamys princeps) inhabiting the summits of the Rocky Mountains; -- also called crying hare, calling hare, cony, American pika, and little chief hare.
Chief justice	The presiding justice, or principal judge, of a court.
Chief-justiceship	The office of chief justice.
Chiefless	Without a chief or leader.
Chiefly	In the first place; principally; preeminently; above; especially.
Chiefly	For the most part; mostly.
Chiefrie	A small rent paid to the lord paramount.
Chieftain	A captain, leader, or commander; a chief; the head of a troop, army, or clan.
Chieftaincy	Alt. of Chieftainship
Chieftainship	The rank, dignity, or office of a chieftain.
Chierte	Love; tender regard.
Chievance	An unlawful bargain; traffic in which money is exported as discount.
Chieve	See Cheve, v. i.
Chiff-chaff	A species of European warbler (Sylvia hippolais); -- called also chip-chap, and pettychaps.
Chiffonier	Alt. of niere
Chiffo	Alt. of niere
niere	One who gathers rags and odds and ends; a ragpicker.
niere	A receptacle for rags or shreds.
niere	A movable and ornamental closet or piece of furniture with shelves or drawers.
Chignon	A knot, boss, or mass of hair, natural or artificial, worn by a woman at the back of the head.
Chigoe	Alt. of Chigre
Chigre	A species of flea (Pulex penetrans), common in the West Indies and South America, which often attacks the feet or any exposed part of the human body, and burrowing beneath the skin produces great irritation. When the female is allowed to remain and breed, troublesome sores result, which are sometimes dangerous. See Jigger.
Chikara	The goat antelope (Tragops Bennettii) of India.
Chikara	The Indian four-horned antelope (Tetraceros quadricornis).
Chilblain	A blain, sore, or inflammatory swelling, produced by exposure of the feet or hands to cold, and attended by itching, pain, and sometimes ulceration.
Chilblain	To produce chilblains upon.
Children	of Child
Child	A son or a daughter; a male or female descendant, in the first degree; the immediate progeny of human parents; -- in law, legitimate offspring. Used also of animals and plants.
Child	A descendant, however remote; -- used esp. in the plural; as, the children of Israel; the children of Edom.
Child	One who, by character of practice, shows signs of relationship to, or of the influence of, another; one closely connected with a place, occupation, character, etc.; as, a child of God; a child of the devil; a child of disobedience; a child of toil; a child of the people.
Child	A noble youth. See Childe.
Child	A young person of either sex. esp. one between infancy and youth; hence, one who exhibits the characteristics of a very young person, as innocence, obedience, trustfulness, limited understanding, etc.
Child	A female infant.
Childed	of Child
Childing	of Child
Child	To give birth; to produce young.
Childbearing	The act of producing or bringing forth children; parturition.
Childbed	The state of a woman bringing forth a child, or being in labor; parturition.
Childbirth	The act of bringing forth a child; travail; labor.
Childcrowing	The crowing noise made by children affected with spasm of the laryngeal muscles; false croup.
Childe	A cognomen formerly prefixed to his name by the oldest son, until he succeeded to his ancestral titles, or was knighted; as, Childe Roland.
Childed	Furnished with a child.
Childermas day	A day (December 28) observed by mass or festival in commemoration of the children slain by Herod at Bethlehem; -- called also Holy Innocent's Day.
Childhood	The state of being a child; the time in which persons are children; the condition or time from infancy to puberty.
Childhood	Children, taken collectively.
Childhood	The commencement; the first period.
Childing	Bearing Children; (Fig.) productive; fruitful.
Childish	Of, pertaining to, befitting, or resembling, a child.
Childish	Puerile; trifling; weak.
Childishly	In the manner of a child; in a trifling way; in a weak or foolish manner.
Childishness	The state or quality of being childish; simplicity; harmlessness; weakness of intellect.
Childlessness	The state of being childless.
Childlike	Resembling a child, or that which belongs to children; becoming a child; meek; submissive; dutiful.
Childly	Having the character of a child; belonging, or appropriate, to a child.
Childly	Like a child.
Childness	The manner characteristic of a child.
Children	pl. of Child.
Childship	The state or relation of being a child.
Chili	A kind of red pepper. See Capsicum
Chiliad	A thousand; the aggregate of a thousand things; especially, a period of a thousand years.
Chiliagon	A plane figure of a thousand angles and sides.
Chiliahedron	A figure bounded by a thousand plane surfaces
Chilian	Of or pertaining to Chili.
Chilian	A native or citizen of Chili.
Chilian	Alt. of Chiliarch
Chiliarch	The commander or chief of a thousand men.
Chiliarchy	A body consisting of a thousand men.
Chiliasm	The millennium.
Chiliasm	The doctrine of the personal reign of Christ on earth during the millennium.
Chiliast	One who believes in the second coming of Christ to reign on earth a thousand years; a milllenarian.
Chiliastic	Millenarian.
Chill	A moderate but disagreeable degree of cold; a disagreeable sensation of coolness, accompanied with shivering.
Chill	A sensation of cold with convulsive shaking of the body, pinched face, pale skin, and blue lips, caused by undue cooling of the body or by nervous excitement, or forming the precursor of some constitutional disturbance, as of a fever.
Chill	A check to enthusiasm or warmth of feeling; discouragement; as, a chill comes over an assembly.
Chill	An iron mold or portion of a mold, serving to cool rapidly, and so to harden, the surface of molten iron brought in contact with it.
Chill	The hardened part of a casting, as the tread of a car wheel.
Chill	Moderately cold; tending to cause shivering; chilly; raw.
Chill	Affected by cold.
Chill	Characterized by coolness of manner, feeling, etc.; lacking enthusiasm or warmth; formal; distant; as, a chill reception.
Chill	Discouraging; depressing; dispiriting.
Chilled	of Chill
Chilling	of Chill
Chill	To strike with a chill; to make chilly; to cause to shiver; to affect with cold.
Chill	To check enthusiasm or warmth of feeling of; to depress; to discourage.
Chill	To produce, by sudden cooling, a change of crystallization at or near the surface of, so as to increase the hardness; said of cast iron.
Chill	To become surface-hardened by sudden cooling while solidifying; as, some kinds of cast iron chill to a greater depth than others.
Chilled	Hardened on the surface or edge by chilling; as, chilled iron; a chilled wheel.
Chilled	Having that cloudiness or dimness of surface that is called "blooming."
Chilli	See Chili.
Chilliness	A state or sensation of being chilly; a disagreeable sensation of coldness.
Chilliness	A moderate degree of coldness; disagreeable coldness or rawness; as, the chilliness of the air.
Chilliness	Formality; lack of warmth.
Chilling	Making chilly or cold; depressing; discouraging; cold; distant; as, a chilling breeze; a chilling manner.
Chillness	Coolness; coldness; a chill.
Chilly	Moderately cold; cold and raw or damp so as to cause shivering; causing or feeling a disagreeable sensation of cold, or a shivering.
Chilognath	A myriapod of the order Chilognatha.
Chilognatha	One of the two principal orders of myriapods. They have numerous segments, each bearing two pairs of small, slender legs, which are attached ventrally, near together.
Chiloma	The tumid upper lip of certain mammals, as of a camel.
Chilopod	A myriapod of the order Chilopoda.
Chilopoda	One of the orders of myriapods, including the centipeds. They have a single pair of elongated legs attached laterally to each segment; well developed jaws; and a pair of thoracic legs converted into poison fangs. They are insectivorous, very active, and some species grow to the length of a foot.
Chilostoma	Alt. of Chilostomata
Chilostomata	An extensive suborder of marine Bryozoa, mostly with calcareous shells. They have a movable lip and a lid to close the aperture of the cells.
Chilostomatous	Of or pertaining to the Chilostoma.
Chiltern Hundreds	A tract of crown land in Buckinghamshire and Oxfordshire, England, to which is attached the nominal office of steward. As members of Parliament cannot resign, when they wish to go out they accept this stewardship, which legally vacates their seats.
Chimaera	A cartilaginous fish of several species, belonging to the order Holocephali. The teeth are few and large. The head is furnished with appendages, and the tail terminates in a point.
Chimaeroid	Related to, or like, the chimaera.
Chimango	A south American carrion buzzard (Milvago chimango). See Caracara.
Chimb	The edge of a cask, etc; a chine. See Chine, n., 3.
Chimb	Chime.
Chime	See Chine, n., 3.
Chime	The harmonious sound of bells, or of musical instruments.
Chime	A set of bells musically tuned to each other; specif., in the pl., the music performed on such a set of bells by hand, or produced by mechanism to accompany the striking of the hours or their divisions.
Chime	Pleasing correspondence of proportion, relation, or sound.
Chimed	of Chime
Chiming	of Chime
Chime	To sound in harmonious accord, as bells.
Chime	To be in harmony; to agree; to suit; to harmonize; to correspond; to fall in with.
Chime	To join in a conversation; to express assent; -- followed by in or in with.
Chime	To make a rude correspondence of sounds; to jingle, as in rhyming.
Chime	To cause to sound in harmony; to play a tune, as upon a set of bells; to move or strike in harmony.
Chime	To utter harmoniously; to recite rhythmically.
Chimer	One who chimes.
Chimeras	of Chimera
Chimera	A monster represented as vomiting flames, and as having the head of a lion, the body of a goat, and the tail of a dragon.
Chimera	A vain, foolish, or incongruous fancy, or creature of the imagination; as, the chimera of an author.
Chimere	The upper robe worn by a bishop, to which lawn sleeves are usually attached.
Chimeric	Chimerical.
Chimerical	Merely imaginary; fanciful; fantastic; wildly or vainly conceived; having, or capable of having, no existence except in thought; as, chimerical projects.
Chimerically	Wildy; vainly; fancifully.
Chiminage	A toll for passage through a forest.
Chimneys	of Chimney
Chimney	A fireplace or hearth.
Chimney	That part of a building which contains the smoke flues; esp. an upright tube or flue of brick or stone, in most cases extending through or above the roof of the building. Often used instead of chimney shaft.
Chimney	A tube usually of glass, placed around a flame, as of a lamp, to create a draft, and promote combustion.
Chimney	A body of ore, usually of elongated form, extending downward in a vein.
Chimney-breast	The horizontal projection of a chimney from the wall in which it is built; -- commonly applied to its projection in the inside of a building only.
Chimney-piece	A decorative construction around the opening of a fireplace.
Chimpanzee	An african ape (Anthropithecus troglodytes or Troglodytes niger) which approaches more nearly to man, in most respects, than any other ape. When full grown, it is from three to four feet high.
Chin	The lower extremity of the face below the mouth; the point of the under jaw.
Chin	The exterior or under surface embraced between the branches of the lower jaw bone, in birds.
China	A country in Eastern Asia.
China	China ware, which is the modern popular term for porcelain. See Porcelain.
Chinaldine	See Quinaldine.
Chinamen	of Chinaman
Chinaman	A native of China; a Chinese.
Chincapin	See Chinquapin.
Chinch	The bedbug (Cimex lectularius).
Chinch	A bug (Blissus leucopterus), which, in the United States, is very destructive to grass, wheat, and other grains; -- also called chiniz, chinch bug, chink bug. It resembles the bedbug in its disgusting odor.
Chincha	A south American rodent of the genus Lagotis.
Chinche	Parsimonious; niggardly.
Chincherie	Penuriousness.
Chinchilla	A small rodent (Chinchilla lanigera), of the size of a large squirrel, remarkable for its fine fur, which is very soft and of a pearly gray color. It is a native of Peru and Chili.
Chinchilla	The fur of the chinchilla.
Chinchilla	A heavy, long-napped, tufted woolen cloth.
Chinchona	Alt. of Chincona
Chincona	See Cinchona.
Chin cough	Whooping cough.
Chine	A chink or cleft; a narrow and deep ravine; as, Shanklin Chine in the Isle of Wight, a quarter of a mile long and 230 feet deep.
Chine	The backbone or spine of an animal; the back.
Chine	A piece of the backbone of an animal, with the adjoining parts, cut for cooking. [See Illust. of Beef.]
Chine	The edge or rim of a cask, etc., formed by the projecting ends of the staves; the chamfered end of a stave.
Chined	of Chine
Chine	To cut through the backbone of; to cut into chine pieces.
Chine	Too chamfer the ends of a stave and form the chine..
Chined	Pertaining to, or having, a chine, or backbone; -- used in composition.
Chined	Broken in the back.
Chinese	Of or pertaining to China; peculiar to China.
Chinese	A native or natives of China, or one of that yellow race with oblique eyelids who live principally in China.
Chinese	The language of China, which is monosyllabic.
Chink	A small cleft, rent, or fissure, of greater length than breadth; a gap or crack; as, the chinks of wall.
Chinked	of Chink
Chinking	of Chink
Chink	To crack; to open.
Chink	To cause to open in cracks or fissures.
Chink	To fill up the chinks of; as, to chink a wall.
Chink	A short, sharp sound, as of metal struck with a slight degree of violence.
Chink	Money; cash.
Chink	To cause to make a sharp metallic sound, as coins, small pieces of metal, etc., by bringing them into collision with each other.
Chink	To make a slight, sharp, metallic sound, as by the collision of little pieces of money, or other small sonorous bodies.
Chinky	Full of chinks or fissures; gaping; opening in narrow clefts.
Chinned	Having a chin; -- used chiefly in compounds; as, short-chinned.
Chinoidine	See Quinodine.
Chinoline	See Quinoline.
Chinone	See Quinone.
Chinook	One of a tribe of North American Indians now living in the state of Washington, noted for the custom of flattening their skulls. Chinooks also called Flathead Indians.
Chinook	A warm westerly wind from the country of the Chinooks, sometimes experienced on the slope of the Rocky Mountains, in Montana and the adjacent territory.
Chinook	A jargon of words from various languages (the largest proportion of which is from that of the Chinooks) generally understood by all the Indian tribes of the northwestern territories of the United States.
Chinquapin	A branching, nut-bearing tree or shrub (Castanea pumila) of North America, from six to twenty feet high, allied to the chestnut. Also, its small, sweet, edible nat.
Chinsed	of Chinse
Chinsing	of Chinse
Chinse	To thrust oakum into (seams or chinks) with a chisel , the point of a knife, or a chinsing iron; to calk slightly.
Chintzes	of Chintz
Chintz	Cotton cloth, printed with flowers and other devices, in a number of different colors, and often glazed.
Chioppine	Same as Chopine, n.
Chipped	of Chip
Chipping	of Chip
Chip	To cut small pieces from; to diminish or reduce to shape, by cutting away a little at a time; to hew.
Chip	To break or crack, or crack off a portion of, as of an eggshell in hatching, or a piece of crockery.
Chip	To bet, as with chips in the game of poker.
Chip	To break or fly off in small pieces.
Chip	A piece of wood, stone, or other substance, separated by an ax, chisel, or cutting instrument.
Chip	A fragment or piece broken off; a small piece.
Chip	Wood or Cuban palm leaf split into slips, or straw plaited in a special manner, for making hats or bonnets.
Chip	Anything dried up, withered, or without flavor; -- used contemptuously.
Chip	One of the counters used in poker and other games.
Chip	The triangular piece of wood attached to the log line.
Chipmunk	A squirrel-like animal of the genus Tamias, sometimes called the striped squirrel, chipping squirrel, ground squirrel, hackee. The common species of the United States is the Tamias striatus.
Chipper	To chirp or chirrup.
Chipper	Lively; cheerful; talkative.
Chippeways	A tribe of Indians formerly inhabiting the northern and western shores of Lake Superior; -- called also Objibways.
Chipping	A chip; a piece separated by a cutting or graving instrument; a fragment.
Chipping	The act or process of cutting or breaking off small pieces, as in dressing iron with a chisel, or reducing a timber or block of stone to shape.
Chipping	The breaking off in small pieces of the edges of potter's ware, porcelain, etc.
Chipping bird	The chippy.
Chipping squirrel	See Chipmunk.
Chippy	Abounding in, or resembling, chips; dry and tasteless.
Chippy	A small American sparrow (Spizella socialis), very common near dwelling; -- also called chipping bird and chipping sparrow, from its simple note.
Chips	A ship's carpenter.
Chiragra	Gout in the hand.
Chiragrical	Having the gout in the hand, or subject to that disease.
Chiretta	A plant (Agathotes Chirayta) found in Northern India, having medicinal properties to the gentian, and esteemed as a tonic and febrifuge.
Chirk	To shriek; to gnash; to utter harsh or shrill cries.
Chirk	To chirp like a bird.
Chirk	To cheer; to enliven; as, to chirk one up.
Chirk	Lively; cheerful; in good spirits.
Chirm	To chirp or to make a mournful cry, as a bird.
Chirognomy	The art of judging character by the shape and appearance of the hand.
Chirograph	A writing which, requiring a counterpart, was engrossed twice on the same piece of parchment, with a space between, in which was written the word chirographum, through which the parchment was cut, and one part given to each party. It answered to what is now called a charter party.
Chirograph	The last part of a fine of land, commonly called the foot of the fine.
Chirographer	One who practice the art or business of writing or engrossing.
Chirographer	See chirographist, 2.
Chirographic	Alt. of Chirographical
Chirographical	Of or pertaining to chirography.
Chirographist	A chirographer; a writer or engrosser.
Chirographist	One who tells fortunes by examining the hand.
Chirography	The art of writing or engrossing; handwriting; as, skilled in chirography.
Chirography	The art of telling fortunes by examining the hand.
Chirogymnast	A mechanical contrivance for exercising the fingers of a pianist.
Chirological	Relating to chirology.
Chirologist	One who communicates thoughts by signs made with the hands and fingers.
Chirology	The art or practice of using the manual alphabet or of communicating thoughts by sings made by the hands and fingers; a substitute for spoken or written language in intercourse with the deaf and dumb. See Dactylalogy.
Chiromancer	One who practices chiromancy.
Chiromancy	The art or practice of foretelling events, or of telling the fortunes or the disposition of persons by inspecting the hand; palmistry.
Chiromanist	Alt. of Chiromantist
Chiromantist	A chiromancer.
Chiromantic	Alt. of Chiromantical
Chiromantical	Of or pertaining to chiromancy.
Chiromonic	Relating to chironomy.
Chironomy	The art of moving the hands in oratory or in pantomime; gesture
Chiroplast	An instrument to guid the hands and fingers of pupils in playing on the piano, etc.
Chiropodist	One who treats diseases of the hands and feet; especially, one who removes corns and bunions.
Chiropody	The art of treating diseases of the hands and feet.
Chirosophist	A fortune teller.
Chirped	of Chirp
Chirping	of Chirp
Chirp	To make a shop, sharp, cheerful, as of small birds or crickets.
Chirp	A short, sharp note, as of a bird or insect.
Chirper	One who chirps, or is cheerful.
Chirping	Cheering; enlivening.
Chirpingly	In a chirping manner.
Chirre	To coo, as a pigeon.
Chirruped	of Chirrup
Chirruping	of Chirrup
Chirrup	To quicken or animate by chirping; to cherup.
Chirrup	To chirp.
Chirrup	The act of chirping; a chirp.
Chirrupy	Cheerful; joyous; chatty.
Chirurgeon	A surgeon.
Chirurgeonly	Surgically.
Chirurgery	Surgery.
Chirurgic	Alt. of Chirurgical
Chirurgical	Surgical
Chisel	A tool with a cutting edge on one end of a metal blade, used in dressing, shaping, or working in timber, stone, metal, etc.; -- usually driven by a mallet or hammer.
Chiseled	of Chisel
Chiselled	of Chisel
Chiseling	of Chisel
Chiselling	of Chisel
Chisel	To cut, pare, gouge, or engrave with a chisel; as, to chisel a block of marble into a statue.
Chisel	To cut close, as in a bargain; to cheat.
Chisleu	The ninth month of the Jewish ecclesiastical year, answering to a part of November with a part of December.
Chisley	Having a large admixture of small pebbles or gravel; -- said of a soil.
Chit	The embryo or the growing bud of a plant; a shoot; a sprout; as, the chits of Indian corn or of potatoes.
Chit	A child or babe; as, a forward chit; also, a young, small, or insignificant person or animal.
Chit	An excrescence on the body, as a wart.
Chit	A small tool used in cleaving laths.
Chit	To shoot out; to sprout.
Chit	Chideth.
Chitchat	Familiar or trifling talk; prattle.
Chitin	A white amorphous horny substance forming the harder part of the outer integument of insects, crustacea, and various other invertebrates; entomolin.
Chitinization	The process of becoming chitinous.
Chitinous	Having the nature of chitin; consisting of, or containing, chitin.
Chiton	An under garment among the ancient Greeks, nearly representing the modern shirt.
Chiton	One of a group of gastropod mollusks, with a shell composed of eight movable dorsal plates. See Polyplacophora.
Chitter	To chirp in a tremulous manner, as a bird.
Chitter	To shiver or chatter with cold.
Chitterling	The frill to the breast of a shirt, which when ironed out resembled the small entrails. See Chitterlings.
Chitterlings	The smaller intestines of swine, etc., fried for food.
Chittra	The axis deer of India.
Chitty	Full of chits or sprouts.
Chitty	Childish; like a babe.
Chivachie	A cavalry raid; hence, a military expedition.
Chivalric	Relating to chivalry; knightly; chivalrous.
Chivalrous	Pertaining to chivalry or knight-errantry; warlike; heroic; gallant; high-spirited; high-minded; magnanimous.
Chivalrously	In a chivalrous manner; gallantly; magnanimously.
Chivalry	A body or order of cavaliers or knights serving on horseback; illustrious warriors, collectively; cavalry.
Chivalry	The dignity or system of knighthood; the spirit, usages, or manners of knighthood; the practice of knight-errantry.
Chivalry	The qualifications or character of knights, as valor, dexterity in arms, courtesy, etc.
Chivalry	A tenure of lands by knight's service; that is, by the condition of a knight's performing service on horseback, or of performing some noble or military service to his lord.
Chivalry	Exploit.
Chive	A filament of a stamen.
Chive	A perennial plant (Allium Schoenoprasum), allied to the onion. The young leaves are used in omelets, etc.
Chivied	of Chivy
Chivying	of Chivy
Chivy	To goad, drive, hunt, throw, or pitch.
Chlamydate	Having a mantle; -- applied to certain gastropods.
Chlamyphore	A small South American edentate (Chlamyphorus truncatus, and C. retusus) allied to the armadillo. It is covered with a leathery shell or coat of mail, like a cloak, attached along the spine.
Chlamyses	of Chlamys
Chlamydes	of Chlamys
Chlamys	A loose and flowing outer garment, worn by the ancient Greeks; a kind of cloak.
Chloasma	A cutaneous affection characterized by yellow or yellowish brown pigmented spots.
Chloral	A colorless oily liquid, CCl3.CHO, of a pungent odor and harsh taste, obtained by the action of chlorine upon ordinary or ethyl alcohol.
Chloral	Chloral hydrate.
Chloralamide	A compound of chloral and formic amide used to produce sleep.
Chloralism	A morbid condition of the system resulting from excessive use of chloral.
Chloralum	An impure aqueous solution of chloride of aluminium, used as an antiseptic and disinfectant.
Chloranil	A yellow crystalline substance, C6Cl4.O2, regarded as a derivative of quinone, obtained by the action of chlorine on certain benzene derivatives, as aniline.
Chlorate	A salt of chloric acid; as, chlorate of potassium.
Chloraurate	See Aurochloride.
Chlorhydric	Same as Hydrochloric.
Chlorhydrin	One of a class of compounds formed from certain polybasic alcohols (and especially glycerin) by the substitution of chlorine for one or more hydroxyl groups.
Chloric	Pertaining to, or obtained from, chlorine; -- said of those compounds of chlorine in which this element has a valence of five, or the next to its highest; as, chloric acid, HClO3.
Chloridate	To treat or prepare with a chloride, as a plate with chloride of silver, for the purposes of photography.
Chloride	A binary compound of chlorine with another element or radical; as, chloride of sodium (common salt).
Chloridic	Of or pertaining to a chloride; containing a chloride.
Chloridize	See Chloridate.
Chlorimetry	See Chlorometry.
Chlorinated	of Chlorinate
Chlorinating	of Chlorinate
Chlorinate	To treat, or cause to combine, with chlorine.
Chlorination	The act or process of subjecting anything to the action of chlorine; especially, a process for the extraction of gold by exposure of the auriferous material to chlorine gas.
Chlorine	One of the elementary substances, commonly isolated as a greenish yellow gas, two and one half times as heavy as air, of an intensely disagreeable suffocating odor, and exceedingly poisonous. It is abundant in nature, the most important compound being common salt. It is powerful oxidizing, bleaching, and disinfecting agent. Symbol Cl. Atomic weight, 35.4.
Chloriodic	Compounded of chlorine and iodine; containing chlorine and iodine.
Chloriodine	A compound of chlorine and iodine.
Chlorite	The name of a group of minerals, usually of a green color and micaceous to granular in structure. They are hydrous silicates of alumina, iron, and magnesia.
Chlorite	Any salt of chlorous acid; as, chlorite of sodium.
Chloritic	Pertaining to, or containing, chlorite; as, chloritic sand.
Chlormethane	A colorless gas, CH3Cl, of a sweet odor, easily condensed to a liquid; -- called also methyl chloride.
Chloro-	A prefix denoting that chlorine is an ingredient in the substance named.
Chlorocruorin	A green substance, supposed to be the cause of the green color of the blood in some species of worms.
Chlorodyne	A patent anodyne medicine, containing opium, chloroform, Indian hemp, etc.
Chloroform	A colorless volatile liquid, CHCl3, having an ethereal odor and a sweetish taste, formed by treating alcohol with chlorine and an alkali. It is a powerful solvent of wax, resin, etc., and is extensively used to produce anaesthesia in surgical operations; also externally, to alleviate pain.
Chloroformed	of Chloroform
Chloroforming	of Chloroform
Chloroform	To treat with chloroform, or to place under its influence.
Chloroleucite	Same as Chloroplastid.
Chlorometer	An instrument to test the decoloring or bleaching power of chloride of lime.
Chlorometry	The process of testing the bleaching power of any combination of chlorine.
Chloropal	A massive mineral, greenish in color, and opal-like in appearance. It is essentially a hydrous silicate of iron.
Chloropeptic	Of or pertaining to an acid more generally called pepsin-hydrochloric acid.
Chlorophane	A variety of fluor spar, which, when heated, gives a beautiful emerald green light.
Chlorophane	The yellowish green pigment in the inner segment of the cones of the retina. See Chromophane.
Chlorophyll	Literally, leaf green; a green granular matter formed in the cells of the leaves (and other parts exposed to light) of plants, to which they owe their green color, and through which all ordinary assimilation of plant food takes place. Similar chlorophyll granules have been found in the tissues of the lower animals.
Chloroplastid	A granule of chlorophyll; -- also called chloroleucite.
Chloroplatinic	See Platinichloric.
Chlorosis	The green sickness; an anaemic disease of young women, characterized by a greenish or grayish yellow hue of the skin, weakness, palpitation, etc.
Chlorosis	A disease in plants, causing the flowers to turn green or the leaves to lose their normal green color.
Chlorotic	Pertaining to, or affected by, chlorosis.
Chlorous	Of, pertaining to, or derived from, chlorine; -- said of those compounds of chlorine in which this element has a valence of three, the next lower than in chloric compounds; as, chlorous acid, HClO2.
Chlorous	Pertaining to, or resembling, the electro-negative character of chlorine; hence, electro-negative; -- opposed to basylous or zincous.
Chlorpicrin	A heavy, colorless liquid, CCl3.NO2, of a strong pungent odor, obtained by subjecting picric acid to the action of chlorine.
Chloruret	A chloride.
Choak	See Choke.
Choanoid	Funnel-shaped; -- applied particularly to a hollow muscle attached to the ball of the eye in many reptiles and mammals.
Chocard	The chough.
Chocked	of Chock
Chocking	of Chock
Chock	To stop or fasten, as with a wedge, or block; to scotch; as, to chock a wheel or cask.
Chock	To fill up, as a cavity.
Chock	A wedge, or block made to fit in any space which it is desired to fill, esp. something to steady a cask or other body, or prevent it from moving, by fitting into the space around or beneath it.
Chock	A heavy casting of metal, usually fixed near the gunwale. It has two short horn-shaped arms curving inward, between which ropes or hawsers may pass for towing, mooring, etc.
Chock	Entirely; quite; as, chock home; chock aft.
Chock	To encounter.
Chock	An encounter.
Chockablock	Hoisted as high as the tackle will admit; brought close together, as the two blocks of a tackle in hoisting.
Chock-full	Quite full; choke-full.
Chocolate	A paste or cake composed of the roasted seeds of the Theobroma Cacao ground and mixed with other ingredients, usually sugar, and cinnamon or vanilla.
Chocolate	The beverage made by dissolving a portion of the paste or cake in boiling water or milk.
Choctaws	A tribe of North American Indians (Southern Appalachian), in early times noted for their pursuit of agriculture, and for living at peace with the white settlers. They are now one of the civilized tribes of the Indian Territory.
Chode	the old imp. of chide. See Chide.
Chogset	See Cunner.
Choice	Act of choosing; the voluntary act of selecting or separating from two or more things that which is preferred; the determination of the mind in preferring one thing to another; election.
Choice	The power or opportunity of choosing; option.
Choice	Care in selecting; judgment or skill in distinguishing what is to be preferred, and in giving a preference; discrimination.
Choice	A sufficient number to choose among.
Choice	The thing or person chosen; that which is approved and selected in preference to others; selection.
Choice	The best part; that which is preferable.
Choice	Worthly of being chosen or preferred; select; superior; precious; valuable.
Choice	Preserving or using with care, as valuable; frugal; -- used with of; as, to be choice of time, or of money.
Choice	Selected with care, and due attention to preference; deliberately chosen.
Choiceful	Making choices; fickle.
Choicely	With care in choosing; with nice regard to preference.
Choicely	In a preferable or excellent manner; excellently; eminently.
Choiceness	The quality of being of particular value or worth; nicely; excellence.
Choir	A band or organized company of singers, especially in church service.
Choir	That part of a church appropriated to the singers.
Choir	The chancel.
Choked	of Choke
Choking	of Choke
Choke	To render unable to breathe by filling, pressing upon, or squeezing the windpipe; to stifle; to suffocate; to strangle.
Choke	To obstruct by filling up or clogging any passage; to block up.
Choke	To hinder or check, as growth, expansion, progress, etc.; to stifle.
Choke	To affect with a sense of strangulation by passion or strong feeling.
Choke	To make a choke, as in a cartridge, or in the bore of the barrel of a shotgun.
Choke	To have the windpipe stopped; to have a spasm of the throat, caused by stoppage or irritation of the windpipe; to be strangled.
Choke	To be checked, as if by choking; to stick.
Choke	A stoppage or irritation of the windpipe, producing the feeling of strangulation.
Choke	The tied end of a cartridge.
Choke	A constriction in the bore of a shotgun, case of a rocket, etc.
Chokeberry	The small apple-shaped or pear-shaped fruit of an American shrub (Pyrus arbutifolia) growing in damp thickets; also, the shrub.
Chokecherry	The astringent fruit of a species of wild cherry (Prunus Virginiana); also, the bush or tree which bears such fruit.
Choke damp	See Carbonic acid, under Carbonic.
Chokedar	A watchman; an officer of customs or police.
Choke-full	Full to the brim; quite full; chock-full.
Choke pear	A kind of pear that has a rough, astringent taste, and is swallowed with difficulty, or which contracts the mucous membrane of the mouth.
Choke pear	A sarcasm by which one is put to silence; anything that can not be answered.
Choker	One who, or that which, chokes.
Choker	A stiff wide cravat; a stock.
Choke-strap	A strap leading from the bellyband to the lower part of the collar, to keep the collar in place.
Choking	That chokes; producing the feeling of strangulation.
Choking	Indistinct in utterance, as the voice of a person affected with strong emotion.
Choky Chokey	Tending to choke or suffocate, or having power to suffocate.
Choky Chokey	Inclined to choke, as a person affected with strong emotion.
Cholaemaa	A disease characterized by severe nervous symptoms, dependent upon the presence of the constituents of the bile in the blood.
Cholagogue	Promoting the discharge of bile from the system.
Cholagogue	An agent which promotes the discharge of bile from the system.
Cholate	A salt of cholic acid; as, sodium cholate.
Cholecystis	The gall bladder.
Cholecystotomy	The operation of making an opening in the gall bladder, as for the removal of a gallstone.
Choledology	A treatise on the bile and bilary organs.
Choleic	Pertaining to, or obtained from, bile; as, choleic acid.
Choler	The bile; -- formerly supposed to be the seat and cause of irascibility.
Choler	Irritation of the passions; anger; wrath.
Cholera	One of several diseases affecting the digestive and intestinal tract and more or less dangerous to life, esp. the one commonly called Asiatic cholera.
Choleraic	Relating to, or resulting from, or resembling, cholera.
Choleric	Abounding with, or producing choler, or bile.
Choleric	Easily irritated; irascible; inclined to anger.
Choleric	Angry; indicating anger; excited by anger.
Cholericly	In a choleric manner; angrily.
Choleriform	Resembling cholera.
Cholerine	The precursory symptoms of cholera.
Cholerine	The first stage of epidemic cholera.
Cholerine	A mild form of cholera.
Choleroid	Choleriform.
Cholesteric	Pertaining to cholesterin, or obtained from it; as, cholesteric acid.
Cholesterin	A white, fatty, crystalline substance, tasteless and odorless, found in animal and plant products and tissue, and especially in nerve tissue, in the bile, and in gallstones.
Choliamb	Alt. of Choliambic
Choliambic	A verse having an iambus in the fifth place, and a spondee in the sixth or last.
Cholic	Alt. of Cholinic
Cholinic	Pertaining to, or obtained from, the bile.
Choline	See Neurine.
Cholochrome	See Bilirubin.
Cholophaein	See Bilirubin.
Choltry	A Hindoo caravansary.
Chomp	To chew loudly and greedily; to champ.
Chondrification	Formation of, or conversion into, cartilage.
Chondrify	To convert, or be converted, into cartilage.
Chondrigen	The chemical basis of cartilage, converted by long boiling in water into a gelatinous body called chondrin.
Chondrigenous	Affording chondrin.
Chondrin	A colorless, amorphous, nitrogenous substance, tasteless and odorless, formed from cartilaginous tissue by long-continued action of boiling water. It is similar to gelatin, and is a large ingredient of commercial gelatin.
Chondrite	A meteoric stone characterized by the presence of chondrules.
Chondritic	Granular; pertaining to, or having the granular structure characteristic of, the class of meteorites called chondrites.
Chondritis	An inflammation of cartilage.
Chondro-	A combining form meaning a grain, granular, granular cartilage, cartilaginous; as, the chondrocranium, the cartilaginous skull of the lower vertebrates and of embryos.
Chondrodite	A fluosilicate of magnesia and iron, yellow to red in color, often occurring in granular form in a crystalline limestone.
Chondroganoidea	An order of ganoid fishes, including the sturgeons; -- so called on account of their cartilaginous skeleton.
Chondrogen	Same as Chondrigen.
Chondrogenesis	The development of cartilage.
Chondroid	Resembling cartilage.
Chondrology	The science which treats of cartilages.
Chondromata	of Chondroma
Chondroma	A cartilaginous tumor or growth.
Chondrometer	A steelyard for weighting grain.
Chondropterygian	Having a cartilaginous skeleton.
Chondropterygian	One of the Chondropterygii.
Chondropterygii	A group of fishes, characterized by cartilaginous fins and skeleton. It includes both ganoids (sturgeons, etc.) and selachians (sharks), but is now often restricted to the latter.
Chondrostei	An order of fishes, including the sturgeons; -- so named because the skeleton is cartilaginous.
Chondrotomy	The dissection of cartilages.
Chondrule	A peculiar rounded granule of some mineral, usually enstatite or chrysolite, found imbedded more or less abundantly in the mass of many meteoric stones, which are hence called chondrites.
Chose	of Choose
Chosen	of Choose
Chose	of Choose
Choosing	of Choose
Choose	To make choice of; to select; to take by way of preference from two or more objects offered; to elect; as, to choose the least of two evils.
Choose	To wish; to desire; to prefer.
Choose	To make a selection; to decide.
Choose	To do otherwise.
Chooser	One who chooses; one who has the power or right of choosing; an elector.
Chopped	of Chop
Chopping	of Chop
Chop	To cut by striking repeatedly with a sharp instrument; to cut into pieces; to mince; -- often with up.
Chop	To sever or separate by one more blows of a sharp instrument; to divide; -- usually with off or down.
Chop	To seize or devour greedily; -- with up.
Chop	To make a quick strike, or repeated strokes, with an ax or other sharp instrument.
Chop	To do something suddenly with an unexpected motion; to catch or attempt to seize.
Chop	To interrupt; -- with in or out.
Chop	To barter or truck.
Chop	To exchange; substitute one thing for another.
Chop	To purchase by way of truck.
Chop	To vary or shift suddenly; as, the wind chops about.
Chop	To wrangle; to altercate; to bandy words.
Chop	A change; a vicissitude.
Chop	To crack. See Chap, v. t. & i.
Chop	The act of chopping; a stroke.
Chop	A piece chopped off; a slice or small piece, especially of meat; as, a mutton chop.
Chop	A crack or cleft. See Chap.
Chop	A jaw of an animal; -- commonly in the pl. See Chops.
Chop	A movable jaw or cheek, as of a wooden vise.
Chop	The land at each side of the mouth of a river, harbor, or channel; as, East Chop or West Chop. See Chops.
Chop	Quality; brand; as, silk of the first chop.
Chop	A permit or clearance.
Chopboat	A licensed lighter employed in the transportation of goods to and from vessels.
Chopchurch	An exchanger or an exchange of benefices.
Chopfallen	Having the lower chop or jaw depressed; hence, crestfallen; dejected; dispirited; downcast. See Chapfallen.
Chophouse	A house where chops, etc., are sold; an eating house.
Chophouse	A customhouse where transit duties are levied.
Chopin	A liquid measure formerly used in France and Great Britain, varying from half a pint to a wine quart.
Chopin	See Chopine.
Chopine	A clog, or patten, having a very thick sole, or in some cases raised upon a stilt to a height of a foot or more.
Chop-logic	One who bandies words or is very argumentative.
Chopness	A kind of spade.
Chopper	One who, or that which, chops.
Chopping	Stout or plump; large.
Chopping	Shifting or changing suddenly, as the wind; also, having tumbling waves dashing against each other; as, a chopping sea.
Chopping	Act of cutting by strokes.
Choppy	Full of cracks.
Choppy	Rough, with short, tumultuous waves; as, a choppy sea.
Chops	The jaws; also, the fleshy parts about the mouth.
Chops	The sides or capes at the mouth of a river, channel, harbor, or bay; as, the chops of the English Channel.
Chopstick	One of two small sticks of wood, ivory, etc., used by the Chinese and Japanese to convey food to the mouth.
Choragic	Of or pertaining to a choragus.
Choragi	of Choragus
Choragus	A chorus leader; esp. one who provided at his own expense and under his own supervision one of the choruses for the musical contents at Athens.
Choral	Of or pertaining to a choir or chorus; singing, sung, or adapted to be sung, in chorus or harmony.
Choral	A hymn tune; a simple sacred tune, sung in unison by the congregation; as, the Lutheran chorals.
Choralist	A singer or composer of chorals.
Chorally	In the manner of a chorus; adapted to be sung by a choir; in harmony.
Chord	The string of a musical instrument.
Chord	A combination of tones simultaneously performed, producing more or less perfect harmony, as, the common chord.
Chord	A right line uniting the extremities of the arc of a circle or curve.
Chord	A cord. See Cord, n., 4.
Chord	The upper or lower part of a truss, usually horizontal, resisting compression or tension.
Chorded	of Chord
Chording	of Chord
Chord	To provide with musical chords or strings; to string; to tune.
Chord	To accord; to harmonize together; as, this note chords with that.
Chorda	A cord.
Chordal	Of or pertaining to a chord.
Chordata	A comprehensive division of animals including all Vertebrata together with the Tunicata, or all those having a dorsal nervous cord.
Chordee	A painful erection of the penis, usually with downward curvature, occurring in gonorrhea.
Chore	A small job; in the pl., the regular or daily light work of a household or farm, either within or without doors.
Chored	of Chore
Choring	of Chore
Chore	To do chores.
Chore	A choir or chorus.
Chorea	St. Vitus's dance; a disease attended with convulsive twitchings and other involuntary movements of the muscles or limbs.
Choree	See Choreus.
Choregraphic	Alt. of Choregraphical
Choregraphical	Pertaining to choregraphy.
Choregraphy	The art of representing dancing by signs, as music is represented by notes.
Choreic	Of the nature of, or pertaining to, chorea; convulsive.
Chorepiscopal	Pertaining to a chorepiscopus or his change or authority.
Chorepiscopi	of Chorepiscopus
Chorepiscopus	A "country" or suffragan bishop, appointed in the ancient church by a diocesan bishop to exercise episcopal jurisdiction in a rural district.
Choreus	Alt. of Choree
Choree	a trochee.
Choree	A tribrach.
Choriambs	of Choriamb
Choriamb	Same as Choriambus.
Choriambic	Pertaining to a choriamb.
Choriambic	A choriamb.
Choriambi	of Choriambus
Choriambuses	of Choriambus
Choriambus	A foot consisting of four syllables, of which the first and last are long, and the other short (- ~ ~ -); that is, a choreus, or trochee, and an iambus united.
Choric	Of or pertaining to a chorus.
Chorion	The outer membrane which invests the fetus in the womb; also, the similar membrane investing many ova at certain stages of development.
Chorion	The true skin, or cutis.
Chorion	The outer membrane of seeds of plants.
Chorisis	The separation of a leaf or floral organ into two more parts.
Chorist	A singer in a choir; a chorister.
Chorister	One of a choir; a singer in a chorus.
Chorister	One who leads a choir in church music.
Choristic	Choric; choral.
Chorograph	An instrument for constructing triangles in marine surveying, etc.
Chorographer	One who describes or makes a map of a district or region.
Chorographer	A geographical antiquary; one who investigates the locality of ancient places.
Chorographical	Pertaining to chorography.
Chorography	the mapping or description of a region or district.
Choroid	resembling the chorion; as, the choroid plexuses of the ventricles of the brain, and the choroid coat of the eyeball.
Choroid	The choroid coat of the eye. See Eye.
Choroidal	Pertaining to the choroid coat.
Chorology	The science which treats of the laws of distribution of living organisms over the earth's surface as to latitude, altitude, locality, etc.
Chorometry	The art of surveying a region or district.
Choruses	of Chorus
Chorus	A band of singers and dancers.
Chorus	A company of persons supposed to behold what passed in the acts of a tragedy, and to sing the sentiments which the events suggested in couplets or verses between the acts; also, that which was thus sung by the chorus.
Chorus	An interpreter in a dumb show or play.
Chorus	A company of singers singing in concert.
Chorus	A composition of two or more parts, each of which is intended to be sung by a number of voices.
Chorus	Parts of a song or hymn recurring at intervals, as at the end of stanzas; also, a company of singers who join with the singer or choir in singer or choir in singing such parts.
Chorus	The simultaneous of a company in any noisy demonstration; as, a Chorus of shouts and catcalls.
Chorused	of Chorus
Chorusing	of Chorus
Chorus	To sing in chorus; to exclaim simultaneously.
Choses	of Chose
Chose	A thing; personal property.
Chose	imp. & p. p. of Choose.
Chosen	Selected from a number; picked out; choice.
Chosen	One who, or that which is the object of choice or special favor.
Chouan	One of the royalist insurgents in western France (Brittany, etc.), during and after the French revolution.
Chough	A bird of the Crow family (Fregilus graculus) of Europe. It is of a black color, with a long, slender, curved bill and red legs; -- also called chauk, chauk-daw, chocard, Cornish chough, red-legged crow. The name is also applied to several allied birds, as the Alpine chough.
Chouicha	The salmon of the Columbia River or California. See Quinnat.
Chouka	The Indian four-horned antelope; the chikara.
Choule	See Jowl.
Choultry	See Choltry.
Choused	of Chouse
Chousing	of Chouse
Chouse	To cheat, trick, defraud; -- followed by of, or out of; as, to chouse one out of his money.
Chouse	One who is easily cheated; a tool; a simpleton; a gull.
Chouse	A trick; sham; imposition.
Chouse	A swindler.
Chout	An assessment equal to a fourth part of the revenue.
Chowchow	Consisting of several kinds mingled together; mixed; as, chowchow sweetmeats (preserved fruits put together).
Chowchow	A kind of mixed pickles.
Chowder	A dish made of fresh fish or clams, biscuit, onions, etc., stewed together.
Chowder	A seller of fish.
Chowder	To make a chowder of.
Chowry	A whisk to keep off files, used in the East Indies.
Chowter	To grumble or mutter like a froward child.
Choy root	See Chay root.
Chrematistics	The science of wealth; the science, or a branch of the science, of political economy.
Chreotechnics	The science of the useful arts, esp. agriculture, manufactures, and commerce.
Chrestomathic	Teaching what is useful.
Chrestomathy	A selection of passages, with notes, etc., to be used in acquiring a language; as, a Hebrew chrestomathy.
Chrism	Olive oil mixed with balm and spices, consecrated by the bishop on Maundy Thursday, and used in the administration of baptism, confirmation, ordination, etc.
Chrism	The same as Chrisom.
Chrismal	Of or pertaining to or used in chrism.
Chrismation	The act of applying the chrism, or consecrated oil.
Chrismatory	A cruet or vessel in which chrism is kept.
Chrisom	A white cloth, anointed with chrism, or a white mantle thrown over a child when baptized or christened.
Chrisom	A child which died within a month after its baptism; -- so called from the chrisom cloth which was used as a shroud for it.
Christ	The Anointed; an appellation given to Jesus, the Savior.  It is synonymous with the Hebrew Messiah.
Christcross	The mark of the cross, as cut, painted, written, or stamped on certain objects, -- sometimes as the sign of 12 o'clock on a dial.
Christcross	The beginning and the ending.
Christcross-row	The alphabet; -- formerly so called, either from the cross usually set before it, or from a superstitious custom, sometimes practiced, of writing it in the form of a cross, by way of a charm.
Christened	of Christen
Christening	of Christen
Christen	To baptize and give a Christian name to.
Christen	To give a name; to denominate.
Christen	To Christianize.
Christen	To use for the first time.
Christendom	The profession of faith in Christ by baptism; hence, the Christian religion, or the adoption of it.
Christendom	The name received at baptism; or, more generally, any name or appelation.
Christendom	That portion of the world in which Christianity prevails, or which is governed under Christian institutions, in distinction from heathen or Mohammedan lands.
Christendom	The whole body of Christians.
Christian	One who believes, or professes or is assumed to believe, in Jesus Christ, and the truth as taught by Him; especially, one whose inward and outward life is conformed to the doctrines of Christ.
Christian	One born in a Christian country or of Christian parents, and who has not definitely becomes an adherent of an opposing system.
Christian	One of a Christian denomination which rejects human creeds as bases of fellowship, and sectarian names. They are congregational in church government, and baptize by immersion. They are also called Disciples of Christ, and Campbellites.
Christian	One of a sect (called Christian Connection) of open-communion immersionists. The Bible is their only authoritative rule of faith and practice.
Christian	Pertaining to Christ or his religion; as, Christian people.
Christian	Pertaining to the church; ecclesiastical; as, a Christian court.
Christian	Characteristic of Christian people; civilized; kind; kindly; gentle; beneficent.
Christianism	The Christian religion.
Christianism	The Christian world; Christendom.
Christianite	Same as Anorthite.
Christianite	See Phillipsite.
Christianity	The religion of Christians; the system of doctrines and precepts taught by Christ.
Christianity	Practical conformity of one's inward and outward life to the spirit of the Christian religion
Christianity	The body of Christian believers.
Christianization	The act or process of converting or being converted to a true Christianity.
Christianized	of Christianize
Christianizing	of Christianize
Christianize	To make Christian; to convert to Christianity; as, to Christianize pagans.
Christianize	To imbue with or adapt to Christian principles.
Christianize	To adopt the character or belief of a Christian; to become Christian.
Christianlike	Becoming to a Christian.
Christianly	In a manner becoming the principles of the Christian religion.
Christianly	Christianlike.
Christianness	Consonance with the doctrines of Christianity.
Christless	Without faith in Christ; unchristian.
Christlike	Resembling Christ in character, actions, etc.
Christly	Christlike.
Christmas	An annual church festival (December 25) and in some States a legal holiday, in memory of the birth of Christ, often celebrated by a particular church service, and also by special gifts, greetings, and hospitality.
Christmastide	The season of Christmas.
Christocentric	Making Christ the center, about whom all things are grouped, as in religion or history; tending toward Christ, as the central object of thought or emotion.
Christology	A treatise on Christ; that department of theology which treats of the personality, attributes, or life of Christ.
Christom	See Chrisom.
Christophany	An appearance of Christ, as to his disciples after the crucifixion.
Christ's-thorn	One of several prickly or thorny shrubs found in Palestine, especially the Paliurus aculeatus, Zizyphus Spina-Christi, and Z. vulgaris. The last bears the fruit called jujube, and may be considered to have been the most readily obtainable for the Crown of Thorns.
Chromascope	An instrument for showing the optical effects of color.
Chromate	A salt of chromic acid.
Chromatic	Relating to color, or to colors.
Chromatic	Proceeding by the smaller intervals (half steps or semitones) of the scale, instead of the regular intervals of the diatonic scale.
Chromatical	Chromatic.
Chromatically	In a chromatic manner.
Chromatics	The science of colors; that part of optics which treats of the properties of colors.
Chromatin	Tissue which is capable of being stained by dyes.
Chromatism	The state of being colored, as in the case of images formed by a lens.
Chromatism	An abnormal coloring of plants.
Chromatogenous	Producing color.
Chromatography	A treatise on colors
Chromatology	A treatise on colors.
Chromatophore	A contractile cell or vesicle containing liquid pigment and capable of changing its form or size, thus causing changes of color in the translucent skin of such animals as possess them. They are highly developed and numerous in the cephalopods.
Chromatophore	One of the granules of protoplasm, which in mass give color to the part of the plant containing them.
Chromatoscope	A reflecting telescope, part of which is made to rotate eccentrically, so as to produce a ringlike image of a star, instead of a point; -- used in studying the scintillation of the stars.
Chromatosphere	A chromosphere.
Chromatrope	An instrument for exhibiting certain chromatic effects of light (depending upon the persistence of vision and mixture of colors) by means of rapidly rotating disks variously colored.
Chromatrope	A device in a magic lantern or stereopticon to produce kaleidoscopic effects.
Chromatype	A colored photographic picture taken upon paper made sensitive with potassium bichromate or some other salt of chromium.
Chromatype	The process by which such picture is made.
Chrome	Same as Chromium.
Chromic	Pertaining to, or obtained from, chromium; -- said of the compounds of chromium in which it has its higher valence.
Chromid	One of the Chromidae, a family of fresh-water fishes abundant in the tropical parts of America and Africa. Some are valuable food fishes, as the bulti of the Nile.
Chromidrosis	Secretion of abnormally colored perspiration.
Chromism	Same as Chromatism.
Chromite	A black submetallic mineral consisting of oxide of chromium and iron; -- called also chromic iron.
Chromite	A compound or salt of chromous hydroxide regarded as an acid.
Chromium	A comparatively rare element occurring most abundantly in the mineral chromite. Atomic weight 52.5.  Symbol Cr.  When isolated it is a hard, brittle, grayish white metal, fusible with difficulty. Its chief commercial importance is for its compounds, as potassium chromate, lead chromate, etc., which are brilliantly colored and are used dyeing and calico printing. Called also chrome.
Chromos	of Chromo
Chromo	A chromolithograph.
Chromoblast	An embryonic cell which develops into a pigment cell.
Chromogen	Vegetable coloring matter other than green; chromule.
Chromogen	Any colored compound, supposed to contain one or more chromophores.
Chromogenic	Containing, or capable of forming, chromogen; as, chromogenic bacteria.
Chromograph	An apparatus by which a number of copies of written matter, maps, plans, etc., can be made; -- called also hectograph.
Chromoleucite	A chromoplastid.
Chromolithograph	A picture printed in tints and colors by repeated impressions from a series of stones prepared by the lithographic process.
Chromolithographer	One who is engaged in chromolithography.
Chromolithographic	Pertaining to, or made by, chromolithography.
Chromolithography	Lithography adapted to printing in inks of various colors.
Chromophane	A general name for the several coloring matters, red, green, yellow, etc., present in the inner segments in the cones of the retina, held in solution by fats, and slowly decolorized by light; distinct from the photochemical pigments of the rods of the retina.
Chromophore	Any chemical group or residue (as NO2; N2; or O2) which imparts some decided color to the compound of which it is an ingredient.
Chromophotography	The art of producing photographs in colors.
Chromophotolithograph	A photolithograph printed in colors.
Chromoplastid	A protoplasmic granule of some other color than green; -- also called chromoleucite.
Chromosome	One of the minute bodies into which the chromatin of the nucleus is resolved during mitotic cell division; the idant of Weismann.
Chromosphere	An atmosphere of rare matter, composed principally of incandescent hydrogen gas, surrounding the sun and enveloping the photosphere. Portions of the chromosphere are here and there thrown up into enormous tongues of flame.
Chromospheric	Of or pertaining to the chromosphere.
Chromotype	A sheet printed in colors by any process, as a chromolithograph. See Chromolithograph.
Chromotype	A photographic picture in the natural colors.
Chromous	Of, pertaining to, or derived from, chromium, when this element has a valence lower than that in chromic compounds.
Chromule	A general name for coloring matter of plants other than chlorophyll, especially that of petals.
Chronic	Relating to time; according to time.
Chronic	Continuing for a long time; lingering; habitual.
Chronical	Chronic.
Chronicle	An historical register or account of facts or events disposed in the order of time.
Chronicle	A narrative of events; a history; a record.
Chronicle	The two canonical books of the Old Testament in which immediately follow 2 Kings.
Chronicled	of Chronicle
Chronicling	of Chronicle
Chronicle	To record in a history or chronicle; to record; to register.
Chronicler	A writer of a chronicle; a recorder of events in the order of time; an historian.
Chronique	A chronicle.
Chronogram	An inscription in which certain numeral letters, made to appear specially conspicuous, on being added together, express a particular date or epoch, as in the motto of a medal struck by Gustavus Adolphus in 1632:            ChrIstVs DVX; ergo trIVMphVs.- the capitals of which give, when added as numerals, the sum 1632.
Chronogram	The record or inscription made by a chronograph.
Chronogrammatic	Alt. of Chronogrammatical
Chronogrammatical	Belonging to a chronogram, or containing one.
Chronogrammatist	A writer of chronograms.
Chronograph	An instrument for measuring or recording intervals of time, upon a revolving drum or strip of paper moved by clockwork. The action of the stylus or pen is controlled by electricity.
Chronograph	Same as Chronogram, 1.
Chronograph	A chronoscope.
Chronographer	One who writes a chronography; a chronologer.
Chronographic	Of or pertaining to a chronograph.
Chronography	A description or record of past time; history.
Chronologer	Same as Chronologist.
Chronologic	Alt. of Chronological
Chronological	Relating to chronology; containing an account of events in the order of time; according to the order of time; as, chronological tables.
Chronologist	Alt. of Chronologer
Chronologer	A person who investigates dates of events and transactions; one skilled in chronology.
Chronologies	of Chronology
Chronology	The science which treats of measuring time by regular divisions or periods, and which assigns to events or transactions their proper dates.
Chronometer	An instrument for measuring time; a timekeeper.
Chronometer	A portable timekeeper, with a heavy compensation balance, and usually beating half seconds; -- intended to keep time with great accuracy for use an astronomical observations, in determining longitude, etc.
Chronometer	A metronome.
Chronometric	Alt. of Chronometrical
Chronometrical	Pertaining to a chronometer; measured by a chronometer.
Chronometry	The art of measuring time; the measuring of time by periods or divisions.
Chronopher	An instrument signaling the correct time to distant points by electricity.
Chronoscope	An instrument for measuring minute intervals of time; used in determining the velocity of projectiles, the duration of short-lived luminous phenomena, etc.
Chrysalid	Pertaining to a chrysalis; resembling a chrysalis.
Chrysalids	of Chrysalid
Chrysalid	See Chrysalis.
Chrysalides	of Chrysalis
Chrysalis	The pupa state of certain insects, esp. of butterflies, from which the perfect insect emerges. See Pupa, and Aurelia (a).
Chrysaniline	A yellow substance obtained as a by-product in the manufacture of rosaniline. It dyes silk a fine golden-yellow color.
Chrysanthemum	A genus of composite plants, mostly perennial, and of many species including the many varieties of garden chrysanthemums (annual and perennial), and also the feverfew and the oxeye daisy.
Chrysarobin	A bitter, yellow substance forming the essential constituent of Goa powder, and yielding chrysophanic acid proper; hence formerly called also chrysphanic acid.
Chrysaurin	An orange-colored dyestuff, of artificial production.
Chryselephantine	Composed of, or adorned with, gold and ivory.
Chrysene	One of the higher aromatic hydrocarbons of coal tar, allied to naphthalene and anthracene. It is a white crystalline substance, C18H12, of strong blue fluorescence, but generally colored yellow by impurities.
Chrysoberyl	A mineral, found in crystals, of a yellow to green or brown color, and consisting of aluminia and glucina. It is very hard, and is often used as a gem.
Chrysochlore	A South African mole of the genus Chrysochloris; the golden mole, the fur of which reflects brilliant metallic hues of green and gold.
Chrysocolla	A hydrous silicate of copper, occurring massive, of a blue or greenish blue color.
Chrysogen	A yellow crystalline substance extracted from crude anthracene.
Chrysography	The art of writing in letters of gold.
Chrysography	A writing executed in letters of gold.
Chrysoidine	An artificial, yellow, crystalline dye, C6H5N2.C6H3(NH2)2. Also, one of a group of dyestuffs resembling chrysoidine proper.
Chrysolite	A mineral, composed of silica, magnesia, and iron, of a yellow to green color. It is common in certain volcanic rocks; -- called also olivine and peridot. Sometimes used as a gem. The name was also early used for yellow varieties of tourmaline and topaz.
Chrysology	That branch of political economy which relates to the production of wealth.
Chrysopa	A genus of neuropterous insects. See Lacewing.
Chrysophane	A glucoside extracted from rhubarb as a bitter, yellow, crystalline powder, and yielding chrysophanic acid on decomposition.
Chrysophanic	Pertaining to, or derived from, or resembling, chrysophane.
Chrysoprase	An apple-green variety of chalcedony, colored by nickel. It has a dull flinty luster, and is sometimes used in jewelry.
Chrysoprasus	See Chrysoprase.
Chrysosperm	The seed of gold; a means of creating gold.
Chrysotype	A photographic picture taken upon paper prepared by the use of a sensitive salt of iron and developed by the application of chloride of gold.
Chrysotype	2process, invented by Sir J.Herschel.
Chthonic	Pertaining to the earth; earthy; as, chthonic religions.
Chthonophagia	Alt. of Chthonophagy
Chthonophagy	A disease characterized by an irresistible desire to eat earth, observed in some parts of the southern United States, the West Indies, etc.
Chub	A species to fresh-water fish of the Cyprinidae or Carp family. The common European species is Leuciscus cephalus; the cheven. In America the name is applied to various fishes of the same family, of the genera Semotilus, Squalius, Ceratichthys, etc., and locally to several very different fishes, as the tautog, black bass, etc.
Chubbed	Chubby.
Chubbedness	The state of being chubby.
Chubby	Like a chub; plump, short, and thick.
Chub-faced	Having a plump, short face.
Chucked	of Chuck
Chucking	of Chuck
Chuck	To make a noise resembling that of a hen when she calls her chickens; to cluck.
Chuck	To chuckle; to laugh.
Chuck	To call, as a hen her chickens.
Chuck	The chuck or call of a hen.
Chuck	A sudden, small noise.
Chuck	A word of endearment; -- corrupted from chick.
Chucked	of Chuck
Chucking	of Chuck
Chuck	To strike gently; to give a gentle blow to.
Chuck	To toss or throw smartly out of the hand; to pitch.
Chuck	To place in a chuck, or hold by means of a chuck, as in turning; to bore or turn (a hole) in a revolving piece held in a chuck.
Chuck	A slight blow or pat under the chin.
Chuck	A short throw; a toss.
Chuck	A contrivance or machine fixed to the mandrel of a lathe, for holding a tool or the material to be operated upon.
Chuck	A small pebble; -- called also chuckstone and chuckiestone.
Chuck	A game played with chucks, in which one or more are tossed up and caught; jackstones.
Chuck	A piece of the backbone of an animal, from between the neck and the collar bone, with the adjoining parts, cut for cooking; as, a chuck steak; a chuck roast.
Chuckled	of Chuckle
Chuckling	of Chuckle
Chuckle	To call, as a hen her chickens; to cluck.
Chuckle	To fondle; to cocker.
Chuckle	A short, suppressed laugh; the expression of satisfaction, exultation, or derision.
Chuckle	To laugh in a suppressed or broken manner, as expressing inward satisfaction, exultation, or derision.
Chucklehead	A person with a large head; a numskull; a dunce.
Chuckleheaded	Having a large head; thickheaded; dull; stupid.
Chuck-Will's-widow	A species of goatsucker (Antrostomus Carolinensis), of the southern United States; -- so called from its note.
Chud	To champ; to bite.
Chuet	Minced meat.
Chufa	A sedgelike plant (Cyperus esculentus) producing edible tubers, native about the Mediterranean, now cultivated in many regions; the earth almond.
Chuff	A coarse or stupid fellow.
Chuff	Stupid; churlish.
Chuffily	Clownishly; surlily.
Chuffiness	The quality of being chuffy.
Chuffy	Fat or puffed out in the cheeks.
Chuffy	Rough; clownish; surly.
Chulan	The fragrant flowers of the Chloranthus inconspicuus, used in China for perfuming tea.
Chum	A roommate, especially in a college or university; an old and intimate friend.
Chummed	of Chum
Chumming	of Chum
Chum	To occupy a chamber with another; as, to chum together at college.
Chum	Chopped pieces of fish used as bait.
Chump	A short, thick, heavy piece of wood.
Chunam	Quicklime; also, plaster or mortar.
Chunk	A short, thick piece of anything.
Chunky	Short and thick.
Church	A building set apart for Christian worship.
Church	A Jewish or heathen temple.
Church	A formally organized body of Christian believers worshiping together.
Church	A body of Christian believers, holding the same creed, observing the same rites, and acknowledging the same ecclesiastical authority; a denomination; as, the Roman Catholic church; the Presbyterian church.
Church	The collective body of Christians.
Church	Any body of worshipers; as, the Jewish church; the church of Brahm.
Church	The aggregate of religious influences in a community; ecclesiastical influence, authority, etc.; as, to array the power of the church against some moral evil.
Churched	of Church
Churching	of Church
Church	To bless according to a prescribed form, or to unite with in publicly returning thanks in church, as after deliverance from the dangers of childbirth; as, the churching of women.
Church-ale	A church or parish festival (as in commemoration of the dedication of a church), at which much ale was used.
Church-bench	A seat in the porch of a church.
Churchdom	The institution, government, or authority of a church.
Churchgoer	One who attends church.
Churchgoing	Habitually attending church.
Churchgoing	Summoning to church.
Church-haw	Churchyard.
Churchism	Strict adherence to the forms or principles of some church organization; sectarianism.
Churchless	Without a church.
Churchlike	Befitting a church or a churchman; becoming to a clergyman.
Churchliness	Regard for the church.
Churchly	Pertaining to, or suitable for, the church; ecclesiastical.
Churchmen	of Churchman
Churchman	An ecclesiastic or clergyman.
Churchman	An Episcopalian, or a member of the Established Church of England.
Churchman	One was is attached to, or attends, church.
Churchmanly	Pertaining to, or becoming, a churchman.
Churchmanship	The state or quality of being a churchman; attachment to the church.
Church modes	The modes or scales used in ancient church music. See Gregorian.
Churchship	State of being a church.
Churchwarden	One of the officers (usually two) in an Episcopal church, whose duties vary in different dioceses, but always include the provision of what is necessary for the communion service.
Churchwarden	A clay tobacco pipe, with a long tube.
Churchwardenship	The office of a churchwarden.
Churchy	Relating to a church; unduly fond of church forms.
Churchyard	The ground adjoining a church, in which the dead are buried; a cemetery.
Churl	A rustic; a countryman or laborer.
Churl	A rough, surly, ill-bred man; a boor.
Churl	A selfish miser; an illiberal person; a niggard.
Churl	Churlish; rough; selfish.
Churlish	Like a churl; rude; cross-grained; ungracious; surly; illiberal; niggardly.
Churlish	Wanting pliancy; unmanageable; unyielding; not easily wrought; as, a churlish soil; the churlish and intractable nature of some minerals.
Churlishly	In a churlish manner.
Churlishness	Rudeness of manners or temper; lack of kindness or courtesy.
Churly	Rude; churlish; violent.
Churme	Alt. of Chirm
Chirm	Clamor, or confused noise; buzzing.
Churn	A vessel in which milk or cream is stirred, beaten, or otherwise agitated (as by a plunging or revolving dasher) in order to separate the oily globules from the other parts, and obtain butter.
Churned	of Churn
Churning	of Churn
Churn	To stir, beat, or agitate, as milk or cream in a churn, in order to make butter.
Churn	To shake or agitate with violence.
Churn	To perform the operation of churning.
Churning	The act of one who churns.
Churning	The quantity of butter made at one operation.
Churrus	A powerfully narcotic and intoxicating gum resin which exudes from the flower heads, seeds, etc., of Indian hemp.
Churrworm	An insect that turns about nimbly; the mole cricket; -- called also fan cricket.
Chuse	See Choose.
Chute	A framework, trough, or tube, upon or through which objects are made to slide from a higher to a lower level, or through which water passes to a wheel.
Chute	See Shoot.
Chutney	Alt. of Chutnee
Chutnee	A warm or spicy condiment or pickle made in India, compounded of various vegetable substances, sweets, acids, etc.
Chylaceous	Possessed of the properties of chyle; consisting of chyle.
Chylaqueous	Consisting of chyle much diluted with water; -- said of a liquid which forms the circulating fluid of some inferior animals.
Chyle	A milky fluid containing the fatty matter of the food in a state of emulsion, or fine mechanical division; formed from chyme by the action of the intestinal juices. It is absorbed by the lacteals, and conveyed into the blood by the thoracic duct.
Chylifaction	The act or process by which chyle is formed from food in animal bodies; chylification, -- a digestive process.
Chylifactive	Producing, or converting into, chyle; having the power to form chyle.
Chyliferous	Transmitting or conveying chyle; as, chyliferous vessels.
Chylific	Chylifactive.
Chylification	The formation of chyle. See Chylifaction.
Chylificatory	Chylifactive.
Chylify	To make chyle of; to be converted into chyle.
Chylopoetic	Concerned in the formation of chyle; as, the chylopoetic organs.
Chylous	Consisting of, or similar to, chyle.
Chyluria	A morbid condition in which the urine contains chyle or fatty matter, giving it a milky appearance.
Chyme	The pulpy mass of semi-digested food in the small intestines just after its passage from the stomach. It is separated in the intestines into chyle and excrement. See Chyle.
Chymic	Alt. of Chymistry
Chymist	Alt. of Chymistry
Chymistry	See Chemic, Chemist, Chemistry.
Chymiferous	Bearing or containing chyme.
Chymification	The conversion of food into chyme by the digestive action of gastric juice.
Chymify	To form into chyme.
Chymous	Of or pertaining to chyme.
Chyometer	An instrument for measuring liquids. It consists of a piston moving in a tube in which is contained the liquid, the quantity expelled being indicated by the graduation upon the piston rod.
Cibarious	Pertaining to food; edible.
Cibation	The act of taking food.
Cibation	The process or operation of feeding the contents of the crucible with fresh material.
Cibol	A perennial alliaceous plant (Allium fistulosum), sometimes called Welsh onion. Its fistular leaves areused in cookery.
Ciboria	of Ciborium
Ciborium	A canopy usually standing free and supported on four columns, covering the high altar, or, very rarely, a secondary altar.
Ciborium	The coffer or case in which the host is kept; the pyx.
Cicadas	of Cicada
Cicadae	of Cicada
Cicada	Any species of the genus Cicada. They are large hemipterous insects, with nearly transparent wings. The male makes a shrill sound by peculiar organs in the under side of the abdomen, consisting of a pair of stretched membranes, acted upon by powerful muscles. A noted American species (C. septendecim) is called the seventeen year locust. Another common species is the dogday cicada.
Cicala	A cicada. See Cicada.
Cicatrice	A cicatrix.
Cicatricial	Relating to, or having the character of, a cicatrix.
Cicatricle	The germinating point in the embryo of a seed; the point in the yolk of an egg at which development begins.
Cicatrisive	Tending to promote the formation of a cicatrix; good for healing of a wound.
Cicatrices	of Cicatrix
Cicatrix	The pellicle which forms over a wound or breach of continuity and completes the process of healing in the latter, and which subsequently contracts and becomes white, forming the scar.
Cicatrizant	A medicine or application that promotes the healing of a sore or wound, or the formation of a cicatrix.
Cicatrization	The process of forming a cicatrix, or the state of being cicatrized.
Cicatrized	of Cicatrize
Cicatrizing	of Cicatrize
Cicatrize	To heal or induce the formation of a cicatrix in, as in wounded or ulcerated flesh.
Cicatrize	To heal; to have a new skin.
Cicatrose	Full of scars.
Cicely	Any one of several umbelliferous plants, of the genera Myrrhis, Osmorrhiza, etc.
Cicero	Pica type; -- so called by French printers.
Ciceroni	of Cicerone
Cicerones	of Cicerone
Cicerone	One who shows strangers the curiosities of a place; a guide.
Ciceronian	Resembling Cicero in style or action; eloquent.
Ciceronianism	Imitation of, or resemblance to, the style or action Cicero; a Ciceronian phrase or expression.
Cichoraceous	Belonging to, or resembling, a suborder of composite plants of which the chicory (Cichorium) is the type.
Cich-pea	The chick-pea.
Cicisbeism	The state or conduct of a cicisbeo.
Cicisbei	of Cicisbeo
Cicisbeo	A professed admirer of a married woman; a dangler about women.
Cicisbeo	A knot of silk or ribbon attached to a fan, walking stick, etc.
Ciclatoun	A costly cloth, of uncertain material, used in the Middle Ages.
Cicurate	To tame.
Cicuration	The act of taming.
Cicuta	a genus of poisonous umbelliferous plants, of which the water hemlock or cowbane is best known.
Cicutoxin	The active principle of the water hemlock (Cicuta) extracted as a poisonous gummy substance.
Cid	Chief or commander; in Spanish literature, a title of Ruy Diaz, Count of Bivar, a champion of Christianity and of the old Spanish royalty, in the 11th century.
Cid	An epic poem, which celebrates the exploits of the Spanish national hero, Ruy Diaz.
Cider	The expressed juice of apples. It is used as a beverage, for making vinegar, and for other purposes.
Ciderist	A maker of cider.
Ciderkin	A kind of weak cider made by steeping the refuse pomace in water.
Ci-devant	Former; previous; of times gone by; as, a ci-devant governor.
Cierge	A wax candle used in religous rites.
Cigar	A small roll of tobacco, used for smoking.
Cigarette	A little cigar; a little fine tobacco rolled in paper for smoking.
Cilia	The eyelashes.
Cilia	Small, generally microscopic, vibrating appendages lining certain organs, as the air passages of the higher animals, and in the lower animals often covering also the whole or a part of the exterior. They are also found on some vegetable organisms. In the Infusoria, and many larval forms, they are locomotive organs.
Cilia	Hairlike processes, commonly marginal and forming a fringe like the eyelash.
Cilia	Small, vibratory, swimming organs, somewhat resembling true cilia, as those of Ctenophora.
Ciliary	Pertaining to the cilia, or eyelashes. Also applied to special parts of the eye itself; as, the ciliary processes of the choroid coat; the ciliary muscle, etc.
Ciliary	Pertaining to or connected with the cilia in animal or vegetable organisms; as, ciliary motion.
Ciliata	One of the orders of Infusoria, characterized by having cilia. In some species the cilia cover the body generally, in others they form a band around the mouth.
Ciliate	Alt. of Ciliated
Ciliated	Provided with, or surrounded by, cilia; as, a ciliate leaf; endowed with vibratory motion; as, the ciliated epithelium of the windpipe.
Cilice	A kind of haircloth undergarment.
Cilician	Of or pertaining to Cilicia in Asia Minor.
Cilician	A native or inhabitant of Cilicia.
Cilicious	Made, or consisting, of hair.
Ciliform	Alt. of Ciliiform
Ciliiform	Having the form of cilia; very fine or slender.
Ciliograde	Moving by means of cilia, or cilialike organs; as, the ciliograde Medusae.
Cilium	See Cilia.
Cill	See Sill., n. a foundation.
Cillosis	A spasmodic trembling of the upper eyelid.
Cima	A kind of molding. See Cyma.
Cimar	See Simar.
Cimbal	A kind of confectionery or cake.
Cimbia	A fillet or band placed around the shaft of a column as if to strengthen it.
Cimbrian	Of or pertaining to the Cimbri.
Cimbrian	One of the Cimbri. See Cimbric.
Cimbric	Pertaining to the Cimbri, an ancient tribe inhabiting Northern Germany.
Cimbric	The language of the Cimbri.
Cimeliarch	A superintendent or keeper of a church's valuables; a churchwarden.
Cimeter	See Scimiter.
Cimices	of Cimex
Cimex	A genus of hemipterous insects of which the bedbug is the best known example. See Bedbug.
Cimia	See Cimbia.
Cimiss	The bedbug.
Cimmerian	Pertaining to the Cimmerii, a fabulous people, said to have lived, in very ancient times, in profound and perpetual darkness.
Cimmerian	Without any light; intensely dark.
Cimolite	A soft, earthy, clayey mineral, of whitish or grayish color.
Cinch	A strong saddle girth, as of canvas.
Cinch	A tight grip.
Cinchona	A genus of trees growing naturally on the Andes in Peru and adjacent countries, but now cultivated in the East Indies, producing a medicinal bark of great value.
Cinchona	The bark of any species of Cinchona containing three per cent. or more of bitter febrifuge alkaloids; Peruvian bark; Jesuits' bark.
Cinchonaceous	Allied or pertaining to cinchona, or to the plants that produce it.
Cinchonic	Belonging to, or obtained from, cinchona.
Cinchonidine	One of the quinine group of alkaloids, found especially in red cinchona bark. It is a white crystalline substance, C19H22N2O, with a bitter taste and qualities similar to, but weaker than, quinine; -- sometimes called also cinchonidia.
Cinchonine	One of the quinine group of alkaloids isomeric with and resembling cinchonidine; -- called also cinchonia.
Cinchonism	A condition produced by the excessive or long-continued use of quinine, and marked by deafness, roaring in the ears, vertigo, etc.
Cinchonize	To produce cinchonism in; to poison with quinine or with cinchona.
Cincinnati epoch	An epoch at the close of the American lower Silurian system. The rocks are well developed near Cincinnati, Ohio. The group includes the Hudson River and Lorraine shales of New York.
Cincture	A belt, a girdle, or something worn round the body, -- as by an ecclesiastic for confining the alb.
Cincture	That which encompasses or incloses; an inclosure.
Cincture	The fillet, listel, or band next to the apophyge at the extremity of the shaft of a column.
Cinctured	Having or wearing a cincture or girdle.
Cinder	Partly burned or vitrified coal, or other combustible, in which fire is extinct.
Cinder	A hot coal without flame; an ember.
Cinder	A scale thrown off in forging metal.
Cinder	The slag of a furnace, or scoriaceous lava from a volcano.
Cindery	Resembling, or composed of, cinders; full of cinders.
Cinefaction	Cineration; reduction to ashes.
Cinematic	Alt. of Cinematical
Cinematical	See Kinematic.
Cinematics	See Kinematics.
Cineraceous	Like ashes; ash-colored; cinereous.
Cineraria	A Linnaean genus of free-flowering composite plants, mostly from South Africa. Several species are cultivated for ornament.
Cinerary	Pertaining to ashes; containing ashes.
Cineration	The reducing of anything to ashes by combustion; cinefaction.
Cinereous	Like ashes; ash-colored; grayish.
Cinerescent	Somewhat cinereous; of a color somewhat resembling that of wood ashes.
Cineritious	Like ashes; having the color of ashes, -- as the cortical substance of the brain.
Cinerulent	Full of ashes.
Cingalese	A native or natives of Ceylon descended from its primitive inhabitants
Cingalese	the language of the Cingalese.
Cingalese	Of or pertaining to the Cingalese.
Cingle	A girth.
Cingulum	A distinct girdle or band of color; a raised spiral line as seen on certain univalve shells.
Cingulum	The clitellus of earthworms.
Cingulum	The base of the crown of a tooth.
Cinnabar	Red sulphide of mercury, occurring in brilliant red crystals, and also in red or brown amorphous masses. It is used in medicine.
Cinnabar	The artificial red sulphide of mercury used as a pigment; vermilion.
Cinnabarine	Pertaining to, or resembling, cinnabar; consisting of cinnabar, or containing it; as, cinnabarine sand.
Cinnamene	Styrene (which was formerly called cinnamene because obtained from cinnamic acid). See Styrene.
Cinnamic	Pertaining to, or obtained from, cinnamon.
Cinnamomic	See Cinnamic.
Cinnamon	The inner bark of the shoots of Cinnamomum Zeylanicum, a tree growing in Ceylon. It is aromatic, of a moderately pungent taste, and is one of the best cordial, carminative, and restorative spices.
Cinnamon	Cassia.
Cinnamone	A yellow crystalline substance, (C6H5.C2H2)2CO, the ketone of cinnamic acid.
Cinnamyl	The hypothetical radical, (C6H5.C2H2)2C, of cinnamic compounds.
Cinnoline	A nitrogenous organic base, C8H6N2, analogous to quinoline, obtained from certain complex diazo compounds.
Cinque	Five; the number five in dice or cards.
Cinquecento	The sixteenth century, when applied to Italian art or literature; as, the sculpture of the Cinquecento; Cinquecento style.
Cinquefoil	The name of several different species of the genus Potentilla; -- also called five-finger, because of the resemblance of its leaves to the fingers of the hand.
Cinquefoil	An ornamental foliation having five points or cups, used in windows, panels, etc.
Cinque-pace	A lively dance (called also galliard), the steps of which were regulated by the number five.
Cinque Ports	Five English ports, to which peculiar privileges were anciently accorded; -- viz., Hastings, Romney, Hythe, Dover, and Sandwich; afterwards increased by the addition of Winchelsea, Rye, and some minor places.
Cinque-spotted	Five-spotted.
Cinter	See Center.
Cinura	The group of Thysanura which includes Lepisma and allied forms; the bristletails. See Bristletail, and Lepisma.
Cion	See Scion.
Cipher	A character [0] which, standing by itself, expresses nothing, but when placed at the right hand of a whole number, increases its value tenfold.
Cipher	One who, or that which, has no weight or influence.
Cipher	A character in general, as a figure or letter.
Cipher	A combination or interweaving of letters, as the initials of a name; a device; a monogram; as, a painter's cipher, an engraver's cipher, etc.  The cut represents the initials N. W.
Cipher	A private alphabet, system of characters, or other mode of writing, contrived for the safe transmission of secrets; also, a writing in such characters.
Cipher	Of the nature of a cipher; of no weight or influence.
Ciphered	of Cipher
Ciphering	of Cipher
Cipher	To use figures in a mathematical process; to do sums in arithmetic.
Cipher	To write in occult characters.
Cipher	To get by ciphering; as, to cipher out the answer.
Cipher	To decipher.
Cipher	To designate by characters.
Cipherer	One who ciphers.
Cipherhood	Nothingness.
Cipolin	A whitish marble, from Rome, containiing pale greenish zones. It consists of calcium carbonate, with zones and cloudings of talc.
Cippi	of Cippus
Cippus	A small, low pillar, square or round, commonly having an inscription, used by the ancients for various purposes, as for indicating the distances of places, for a landmark, for sepulchral inscriptions, etc.
Circ	An amphitheatrical circle for sports; a circus.
Circar	A district, or part of a province. See Sircar.
Circassian	Of or pertaining to Circassia, in Asia.
Circassian	A native or inhabitant of Circassia.
Circean	Having the characteristics of Circe, daughter of Sol and Perseis, a mythological enchantress, who first charmed her victims and then changed them to the forms of beasts; pleasing, but noxious; as, a Circean draught.
Circensial	Alt. of Circensian
Circensian	Of or pertaining to, or held in, the Circus, In Rome.
Circinal	Circinate.
Circinate	Rolled together downward, the tip occupying the center; -- a term used in reference to foliation or leafing, as in ferns.
Circinate	To make a circle around; to encompass.
Circination	An orbicular motion.
Circination	A circle; a concentric layer.
Circle	A plane figure, bounded by a single curve line called its circumference, every part of which is equally distant from a point within it, called the center.
Circle	The line that bounds such a figure; a circumference; a ring.
Circle	An instrument of observation, the graduated limb of which consists of an entire circle.
Circle	A round body; a sphere; an orb.
Circle	Compass; circuit; inclosure.
Circle	A company assembled, or conceived to assemble, about a central point of interest, or bound by a common tie; a class or division of society; a coterie; a set.
Circle	A circular group of persons; a ring.
Circle	A series ending where it begins, and repeating itself.
Circle	A form of argument in which two or more unproved statements are used to prove each other; inconclusive reasoning.
Circle	Indirect form of words; circumlocution.
Circle	A territorial division or district.
Circled	of Circle
Circling	of Circle
Circle	To move around; to revolve around.
Circle	To encompass, as by a circle; to surround; to inclose; to encircle.
Circle	To move circularly; to form a circle; to circulate.
Circled	Having the form of a circle; round.
Circler	A mean or inferior poet, perhaps from his habit of wandering around as a stroller; an itinerant poet. Also, a name given to the cyclic poets. See under Cyclic, a.
Circlet	A little circle; esp., an ornament for the person, having the form of a circle; that which encircles, as a ring, a bracelet, or a headband.
Circlet	A round body; an orb.
Circlet	A circular piece of wood put under a dish at table.
Circocele	See Cirsocele.
Circuit	The act of moving or revolving around, or as in a circle or orbit; a revolution; as, the periodical circuit of the earth round the sun.
Circuit	The circumference of, or distance round, any space; the measure of a line round an area.
Circuit	That which encircles anything, as a ring or crown.
Circuit	The space inclosed within a circle, or within limits.
Circuit	A regular or appointed journeying from place to place in the exercise of one's calling, as of a judge, or a preacher.
Circuit	A certain division of a state or country, established by law for a judge or judges to visit, for the administration of justice.
Circuit	A district in which an itinerant preacher labors.
Circuit	Circumlocution.
Circuit	To move in a circle; to go round; to circulate.
Circuit	To travel around.
Circuiteer	A circuiter.
Circuiter	One who travels a circuit, as a circuit judge.
Circuition	The act of going round; circumlocution.
Circuitous	Going round in a circuit; roundabout; indirect; as, a circuitous road; a circuitous manner of accomplishing an end.
Circuity	A going round in a circle; a course not direct; a roundabout way of proceeding.
Circulable	That may be circulated.
Circular	In the form of, or bounded by, a circle; round.
Circular	repeating itself; ending in itself; reverting to the point of beginning; hence, illogical; inconclusive; as, circular reasoning.
Circular	Adhering to a fixed circle of legends; cyclic; hence, mean; inferior. See Cyclic poets, under Cyclic.
Circular	Addressed to a circle, or to a number of persons having a common interest; circulated, or intended for circulation; as, a circular letter.
Circular	Perfect; complete.
Circular	A circular letter, or paper, usually printed, copies of which are addressed or given to various persons; as, a business circular.
Circular	A sleeveless cloak, cut in circular form.
Circularity	The quality or state of being circular; a circular form.
Circularly	In a circular manner.
Circulary	Circular; illogical.
Ciorculated	of Circulate
Circulating	of Circulate
Circulate	To move in a circle or circuitously; to move round and return to the same point; as, the blood circulates in the body.
Circulate	To pass from place to place, from person to person, or from hand to hand; to be diffused; as, money circulates; a story circulates.
Circulate	To cause to pass from place to place, or from person to person; to spread; as, to circulate a report; to circulate bills of credit.
Circulation	The act of moving in a circle, or in a course which brings the moving body to the place where its motion began.
Circulation	The act of passing from place to place or person to person; free diffusion; transmission.
Circulation	Currency; circulating coin; notes, bills, etc., current for coin.
Circulation	The extent to which anything circulates or is circulated; the measure of diffusion; as, the circulation of a newspaper.
Circulation	The movement of the blood in the blood-vascular system, by which it is brought into close relations with almost every living elementary constituent. Also, the movement of the sap in the vessels and tissues of plants.
Circulative	Promoting circulation; circulating.
Circulator	One who, or that which, circulates.
Circulatorious	Travelling from house to house or from town to town; itinerant.
Circulatory	Circular; as, a circulatory letter.
Circulatory	Circulating, or going round.
Circulatory	Subserving the purposes of circulation; as, circulatory organs; of or pertaining to the organs of circulation; as, circulatory diseases.
Circulatory	A chemical vessel consisting of two portions unequally exposed to the heat of the fire, and with connecting pipes or passages, through which the fluid rises from the overheated portion, and descends from the relatively colder, maintaining a circulation.
Circulet	A circlet.
Circuline	Proceeding in a circle; circular.
Circum-	A Latin preposition, used as a prefix in many English words, and signifying around or about.
Circumagitate	To agitate on all sides.
Circumambage	A roundabout or indirect course; indirectness.
Circumambiency	The act of surrounding or encompassing.
Circumambient	Surrounding; inclosing or being on all sides; encompassing.
Circumambulate	To walk round about.
Circumbendibus	A roundabout or indirect way.
Circumcenter	The center of a circle that circumscribes a triangle.
Circumcised	of Circumcise
Circumcising	of Circumcise
Circumcise	To cut off the prepuce of foreskin of, in the case of males, and the internal labia of, in the case of females.
Circumcise	To purify spiritually.
Circumciser	One who performs circumcision.
Circumcision	The act of cutting off the prepuce or foreskin of males, or the internal labia of females.
Circumcision	The Jews, as a circumcised people.
Circumcision	Rejection of the sins of the flesh; spiritual purification, and acceptance of the Christian faith.
Circumclusion	Act of inclosing on all sides.
Circumcursation	The act of running about; also, rambling language.
Circumdenudation	Denudation around or in the neighborhood of an object.
Circumduce	To declare elapsed, as the time allowed for introducing evidence.
Circumduct	To lead about; to lead astray.
Circumduct	To contravene; to nullify; as, to circumduct acts of judicature.
Circumduction	A leading about; circumlocution.
Circumduction	An annulling; cancellation.
Circumduction	The rotation of a limb round an imaginary axis, so as to describe a concial surface.
Circumesophagal	Surrounding the esophagus; -- in Zool. said of the nerve commissures and ganglia of arthropods and mollusks.
Circumesophageal	Circumesophagal.
Circumfer	To bear or carry round.
Circumference	The line that goes round or encompasses a circular figure; a periphery.
Circumference	A circle; anything circular.
Circumference	The external surface of a sphere, or of any orbicular body.
Circumference	To include in a circular space; to bound.
Circumferential	Pertaining to the circumference; encompassing; encircling; circuitous.
Circumferentially	So as to surround or encircle.
Circumferentor	A surveying instrument, for taking horizontal angles and bearings; a surveyor's compass. It consists of a compass whose needle plays over a circle graduated to 360, and of a horizontal brass bar at the ends of which are standards with narrow slits for sighting, supported on a tripod by a ball and socket joint.
Circumferentor	A graduated wheel for measuring tires; a tire circle.
Circumflant	Blowing around.
Circumflected	of Circumflect
Circumflecting	of Circumflect
Circumflect	To bend around.
Circumflect	To mark with the circumflex accent, as a vowel.
Circumflection	See Circumflexion.
Circumflex	A wave of the voice embracing both a rise and fall or a fall and a rise on the same a syllable.
Circumflex	A character, or accent, denoting in Greek a rise and of the voice on the same long syllable, marked thus [~ or /]; and in Latin and some other languages, denoting a long and contracted syllable, marked [/ or ^]. See Accent, n., 2.
Circumflexed	of Circumflex
Circumflexing	of Circumflex
Circumflex	To mark or pronounce with a circumflex.
Circumflex	Moving or turning round; circuitous.
Circumflex	Curved circularly; -- applied to several arteries of the hip and thigh, to arteries, veins, and a nerve of the shoulder, and to other parts.
Circumflexion	The act of bending, or causing to assume a curved form.
Circumflexion	A winding about; a turning; a circuity; a fold.
Circumfluence	A flowing round on all sides; an inclosing with a fluid.
Circumfluent	Alt. of Circumfluous
Circumfluous	Flowing round; surrounding in the manner of a fluid.
Circumforanean	Alt. of Circumforaneous
Circumforaneous	Going about or abroad; walking or wandering from house to house.
Circumfulgent	Shining around or about.
Circumfuse	To pour round; to spread round.
Circumfusile	Capable of being poured or spread round.
Circumfusion	The act of pouring or spreading round; the state of being spread round.
Circumgestation	The act or process of carrying about.
Circumgyrate	To roll or turn round; to cause to perform a rotary or circular motion.
Circumgyration	The act of turning, rolling, or whirling round.
Circumgyratory	Moving in a circle; turning round.
Circumgyre	To circumgyrate.
Circumincession	The reciprocal existence in each other of the three persons of the Trinity.
Circumjacence	Condition of being circumjacent, or of bordering on every side.
Circumjacent	Lying round; bordering on every side.
Circumjovial	One of the moons or satellites of the planet Jupiter.
Circumlittoral	Adjointing the shore.
Circumlocution	The use of many words to express an idea that might be expressed by few; indirect or roundabout language; a periphrase.
Circumlocutional	Relating to, or consisting of, circumlocutions; periphrastic; circuitous.
Circumlocutory	Characterised by circumlocution; periphrastic.
Circummeridian	About, or near, the meridian.
Circummure	To encompass with a wall.
Circumnavigable	Capable of being sailed round.
Circumnavigated	of Circumnavigate
Circumnavigating	of Circumnavigate
Circumnavigate	To sail completely round.
Circumnavigation	The act of circumnavigating, or sailing round.
Circumnavigator	One who sails round.
Circumnutate	To pass through the stages of circumnutation.
Circumnutation	The successive bowing or bending in different directions of the growing tip of the stems of many plants, especially seen in climbing plants.
Circumpolar	About the pole; -- applied to stars that revolve around the pole without setting; as, circumpolar stars.
Circumposition	The act of placing in a circle, or round about, or the state of being so placed.
Circumrotary	Alt. of Circumrotatory
Circumrotatory	turning, rolling, or whirling round.
Circumrotate	To rotate about.
Circumrotation	The act of rolling or revolving round, as a wheel; circumvolution; the state of being whirled round.
Circumscissile	Dehiscing or opening by a transverse fissure extending around (a capsule or pod). See Illust. of Pyxidium.
Circumscribable	Capable of being circumscribed.
Circumscribed	of Circumscribe
Circumscribing	of Circumscribe
Circumscribe	to write or engrave around.
Circumscribe	To inclose within a certain limit; to hem in; to surround; to bound; to confine; to restrain.
Circumscribe	To draw a line around so as to touch at certain points without cutting. See Inscribe, 5.
Circumscriber	One who, or that which, circumscribes.
Circumscriptible	Capable of being circumscribed or limited by bounds.
Circumscription	An inscription written around anything.
Circumscription	The exterior line which determines the form or magnitude of a body; outline; periphery.
Circumscription	The act of limiting, or the state of being limited, by conditions or restraints; bound; confinement; limit.
Circumscriptive	Circumscribing or tending to circumscribe; marcing the limits or form of.
Circumscriptively	In a limited manner.
Circumscriptly	In a literal, limited, or narrow manner.
Circumspect	Attentive to all the circumstances of a case or the probable consequences of an action; cautious; prudent; wary.
Circumspection	Attention to all the facts and circumstances of a case; caution; watchfulness.
Circumspective	Looking around every way; cautious; careful of consequences; watchful of danger.
Circumspectively	Circumspectly.
Circumspectly	In a circumspect manner; cautiously; warily.
Circumspectness	Vigilance in guarding against evil from every quarter; caution.
Circumstance	That which attends, or relates to, or in some way affects, a fact or event; an attendant thing or state of things.
Circumstance	An event; a fact; a particular incident.
Circumstance	Circumlocution; detail.
Circumstance	Condition in regard to worldly estate; state of property; situation; surroundings.
Circumstance	To place in a particular situation; to supply relative incidents.
Circumstanced	Placed in a particular position or condition; situated.
Circumstanced	Governed by events or circumstances.
Circumstant	Standing or placed around; surrounding.
Circumstantiable	Capable of being circumstantiated.
Circumstantial	Consisting in, or pertaining to, circumstances or particular incidents.
Circumstantial	Incidental; relating to, but not essential.
Circumstantial	Abounding with circumstances; detailing or exhibiting all the circumstances; minute; particular.
Circumstantial	Something incidental to the main subject, but of less importance; opposed to an essential; -- generally in the plural; as, the circumstantials of religion.
Circumstantiality	The state, characteristic, or quality of being circumstantial; particularity or minuteness of detail.
Circumstantially	In respect to circumstances; not essentially; accidentally.
Circumstantially	In every circumstance or particular; minutely.
Circumstantiated	of Circumstantiate
Circumstantiating	of Circumstantiate
Circumstantiate	To place in particular circumstances; to invest with particular accidents or adjuncts.
Circumstantiate	To prove or confirm by circumstances; to enter into details concerning.
Circumterraneous	Being or dwelling around the earth.
Circumundulate	To flow round, as waves.
Circumvallate	To surround with a rampart or wall.
Circumvallate	Surrounded with a wall; inclosed with a rampart.
Circumvallate	Surrounded by a ridge or elevation; as, the circumvallate papillae, near the base of the tongue.
Circumvallation	The act of surrounding with a wall or rampart.
Circumvallation	A line of field works made around a besieged place and the besieging army, to protect the camp of the besiegers against the attack of an enemy from without.
Circumvection	The act of carrying anything around, or the state of being so carried.
Circumvented	of Circumvent
Circumventing	of Circumvent
Circumvent	To gain advantage over by arts, stratagem, or deception; to decieve; to delude; to get around.
Circumvention	The act of prevailing over another by arts, address, or fraud; deception; fraud; imposture; delusion.
Circumventive	Tending to circumvent; deceiving by artifices; deluding.
Circumventor	One who circumvents; one who gains his purpose by cunning.
Circumvest	To cover round, as with a garment; to invest.
Circumvolant	Flying around.
Circumvolation	The act of flying round.
Circumvolution	The act of rolling round; the state of being rolled.
Circumvolution	A thing rolled round another.
Circumvolution	A roundabout procedure; a circumlocution.
Circumvolved	of Circumvolve
Circumvolving	of Circumvolve
Circumvolve	To roll round; to cause to revolve; to put into a circular motion.
Circumvolve	To roll round; to revolve.
Circuses	of Circus
Circus	A level oblong space surrounded on three sides by seats of wood, earth, or stone, rising in tiers one above another, and divided lengthwise through the middle by a barrier around which the track or course was laid out. It was used for chariot races, games, and public shows.
Circus	A circular inclosure for the exhibition of feats of horsemanship, acrobatic displays, etc. Also, the company of performers, with their equipage.
Circus	Circuit; space; inclosure.
Cirl bunting	A European bunting (Emberiza cirlus).
Cirque	A circle; a circus; a circular erection or arrangement of objects.
Cirque	A kind of circular valley in the side of a mountain, walled around by precipices of great height.
Cirrate	Having cirri along the margin of a part or organ.
Cirrhiferous	See Cirriferous.
Cirrhose	Same as Cirrose.
Cirrhosis	A disease of the liver in which it usually becomes smaller in size and more dense and fibrous in consistence; hence sometimes applied to similar changes in other organs, caused by increase in the fibrous framework and decrease in the proper substance of the organ.
Cirrhotic	Pertaining to, caused by, or affected with, cirrhosis; as, cirrhotic degeneration; a cirrhotic liver.
Cirrhous	See Cirrose.
Cirrhus	Same as Cirrus.
Cirri	See Cirrus.
Cirriferous	Bearing cirri, as many plants and animals.
Cirriform	Formed like a cirrus or tendril; -- said of appendages of both animals and plants.
Cirrigerous	Having curled locks of hair; supporting cirri, or hairlike appendages.
Cirrigrade	Moving or moved by cirri, or hairlike appendages.
Cirriped	One of the Cirripedia.
Cirripedia	An order of Crustacea including the barnacles. When adult, they have a calcareous shell composed of several pieces. From the opening of the shell the animal throws out a group of curved legs, looking like a delicate curl, whence the name of the group. See Anatifa.
Cirrobranchiata	A division of Mollusca having slender, cirriform appendages near the mouth; the Scaphopoda.
Cirro-cumulus	See under Cloud.
Cirrose	Bearing a tendril or tendrils; as, a cirrose leaf.
Cirrose	Resembling a tendril or cirrus.
Cirrostomi	The lowest group of vertebrates; -- so called from the cirri around the mouth; the Leptocardia. See Amphioxus.
Cirro-stratus	See under Cloud.
Cirrous	Cirrose.
Cirrous	Tufted; -- said of certain feathers of birds.
Cirri	of Cirrus
Cirrus	A tendril or clasper.
Cirrus	A soft tactile appendage of the mantle of many Mollusca, and of the parapodia of Annelida. Those near the head of annelids are Tentacular cirri; those of the last segment are caudal cirri.
Cirrus	The jointed, leglike organs of Cirripedia. See Annelida, and Polychaeta.
Cirrus	The external male organ of trematodes and some other worms, and of certain Mollusca.
Cirrus	See under Cloud.
Cirsocele	The varicose dilatation of the spermatic vein.
Cirsoid	Varicose.
Cirsotomy	Any operation for the removal of varices by incision.
Cis-	A Latin preposition, sometimes used as a prefix in English words, and signifying on this side.
Cisalpine	On the hither side of the Alps with reference to Rome, that is, on the south side of the Alps; -- opposed to transalpine.
Cisatlantic	On this side of the Atlantic Ocean; -- used of the eastern or the western side, according to the standpoint of the writer.
Cisco	The Lake herring (Coregonus Artedi), valuable food fish of the Great Lakes of North America. The name is also applied to C. Hoyi, a related species of Lake Michigan.
Ciselure	The process of chasing on metals; also, the work thus chased.
Cisleithan	On the Austrian side of the river Leitha; Austrian.
Cismontane	On this side of the mountains. See under Ultramontane.
Cispadane	On the hither side of the river Po with reference to Rome; that is, on the south side.
Cissoid	A curve invented by Diocles, for the purpose of solving two celebrated problems of the higher geometry; viz., to trisect a plane angle, and to construct two geometrical means between two given straight lines.
Cist	A box or chest. Specifically: (a) A bronze receptacle, round or oval, frequently decorated with engravings on the sides and cover, and with feet, handles, etc., of decorative castings. (b) A cinerary urn. See Illustration in Appendix.
Cist	See Cyst.
Cisted	Inclosed in a cyst. See Cysted.
Cistercian	A monk of the prolific branch of the Benedictine Order, established in 1098 at Citeaux, in France, by Robert, abbot of Molesme. For two hundred years the Cistercians followed the rule of St. Benedict in all its rigor.
Cistercian	Of or pertaining to the Cistercians.
Cistern	An artificial reservoir or tank for holding water, beer, or other liquids.
Cistern	A natural reservoir; a hollow place containing water.
Cistic	See Cystic.
Cit	A citizen; an inhabitant of a city; a pert townsman; -- used contemptuously.
Citable	Capable of being cited.
Citadel	A fortress in or near a fortified city, commanding the city and fortifications, and intended as a final point of defense.
Cital	Summons to appear, as before a judge.
Cital	Citation; quotation
Citation	An official summons or notice given to a person to appear; the paper containing such summons or notice.
Citation	The act of citing a passage from a book, or from another person, in his own words; also, the passage or words quoted; quotation.
Citation	Enumeration; mention; as, a citation of facts.
Citation	A reference to decided cases, or books of authority, to prove a point in law.
Citator	One who cites.
Citatory	Having the power or form of a citation; as, letters citatory.
Cited	of Cite
Citing	of Cite
Cite	To call upon officially or authoritatively to appear, as before a court; to summon.
Cite	To urge; to enjoin.
Cite	To quote; to repeat, as a passage from a book, or the words of another.
Cite	To refer to or specify, as for support, proof, illustration, or confirmation.
Cite	To bespeak; to indicate.
Cite	To notify of a proceeding in court.
Citer	One who cites.
Citess	A city woman
Cithara	An ancient instrument resembling the harp.
Citharistic	Pertaining, or adapted, to the cithara.
Cithern	See Cittern.
Citicism	The manners of a cit or citizen.
Citied	Belonging to, or resembling, a city.
Citied	Containing, or covered with, cities.
Citified	Aping, or having, the manners of a city.
Citigradae	A suborder of Arachnoidea, including the European tarantula and the wolf spiders (Lycosidae) and their allies, which capture their prey by rapidly running and jumping. See Wolf spider.
Citigrade	Pertaining to the Citigradae.
Citigrade	One of the Citigradae.
Citiner	One who is born or bred in a city; a citizen.
Citizen	One who enjoys the freedom and privileges of a city; a freeman of a city, as distinguished from a foreigner, or one not entitled to its franchises.
Citizen	An inhabitant of a city; a townsman.
Citizen	A person, native or naturalized, of either sex, who owes allegiance to a government, and is entitled to reciprocal protection from it.
Citizen	One who is domiciled in a country, and who is a citizen, though neither native nor naturalized, in such a sense that he takes his legal status from such country.
Citizen	Having the condition or qualities of a citizen, or of citizens; as, a citizen soldiery.
Citizen	Of or pertaining to the inhabitants of a city; characteristic of citizens; effeminate; luxurious.
Citizeness	A female citizen.
Citizenship	The state of being a citizen; the status of a citizen.
Citole	A musical instrument; a kind of dulcimer.
Citraconic	Pertaining to, derived from, or having certain characteristics of, citric and aconitic acids.
Citrate	A salt of citric acid.
Citric	Of, pertaining to, or derived from, the citron or lemon; as, citric acid.
Citrination	The process by which anything becomes of the color of a lemon; esp., in alchemy, the state of perfection in the philosopher's stone indicated by its assuming a deep yellow color.
Citrine	Like a citron or lemon; of a lemon color; greenish yellow.
Citrine	A yellow, pellucid variety of quartz.
Citron	A fruit resembling a lemon, but larger, and pleasantly aromatic. The thick rind, when candied, is the citron of commerce.
Citron	A citron tree.
Citron	A citron melon.
Citrus	A genus of trees including the orange, lemon, citron, etc., originally natives of southern Asia.
Cittern	An instrument shaped like a lute, but strung with wire and played with a quill or plectrum.
Cittern-head	Blockhead; dunce; -- so called because the handle of a cittern usually ended with a carved head.
Cities	of City
City	A large town.
City	A corporate town; in the United States, a town or collective body of inhabitants, incorporated and governed by a mayor and aldermen or a city council consisting of a board of aldermen and a common council; in Great Britain, a town corporate, which is or has been the seat of a bishop, or the capital of his see.
City	The collective body of citizens, or inhabitants of a city.
City	Of or pertaining to a city.
Cive	Same as Chive.
Civet	A substance, of the consistence of butter or honey, taken from glands in the anal pouch of the civet (Viverra civetta). It is of clear yellowish or brownish color, of a strong, musky odor, offensive when undiluted, but agreeable when a small portion is mixed with another substance. It is used as a perfume.
Civet	The animal that produces civet (Viverra civetta); -- called also civet cat.  It is carnivorous, from two to three feet long, and of a brownish gray color, with transverse black bands and spots on the body and tail. It is a native of northern Africa and of Asia. The name is also applied to other species.
Civet	To scent or perfume with civet.
Civic	Relating to, or derived from, a city or citizen; relating to man as a member of society, or to civil affairs.
Civicism	The principle of civil government.
Civics	The science of civil government.
Civil	Pertaining to a city or state, or to a citizen in his relations to his fellow citizens or to the state; within the city or state.
Civil	Subject to government; reduced to order; civilized; not barbarous; -- said of the community.
Civil	Performing the duties of a citizen; obedient to government; -- said of an individual.
Civil	Having the manners of one dwelling in a city, as opposed to those of savages or rustics; polite; courteous; complaisant; affable.
Civil	Pertaining to civic life and affairs, in distinction from military, ecclesiastical, or official state.
Civil	Relating to rights and remedies sought by action or suit distinct from criminal proceedings.
Civilian	One skilled in the civil law.
Civilian	A student of the civil law at a university or college.
Civilian	One whose pursuits are those of civil life, not military or clerical.
Civilist	A civilian.
Civilities	of Civillty
Civillty	The state of society in which the relations and duties of a citizen are recognized and obeyed; a state of civilization.
Civillty	A civil office, or a civil process
Civillty	Courtesy; politeness; kind attention; good breeding; a polite act or expression.
Civilizable	Capable of being civilized.
Civilization	The act of civilizing, or the state of being civilized; national culture; refinement.
Civilization	Rendering a criminal process civil.
Civilized	of Civilize
Civilizing	of Civilize
Civilize	To reclaim from a savage state; to instruct in the rules and customs of civilization; to educate; to refine.
Civilize	To admit as suitable to a civilized state.
Civilized	Reclaimed from savage life and manners; instructed in arts, learning, and civil manners; refined; cultivated.
Civilizer	One who, or that which, civilizes or tends to civilize.
Civily	In a civil manner; as regards civil rights and privileges; politely; courteously; in a well bred manner.
Civism	State of citizenship.
Cizar	To clip with scissors.
Cizars	Scissors.
Cize	Bulk; largeness. [Obs.] See Size.
Clabber	Milk curdled so as to become thick.
Clabber	To become clabber; to lopper.
Clachan	A small village containing a church.
Clacked	of Clack
Clacking	of Clack
Clack	To make a sudden, sharp noise, or a succesion of such noises, as by striking an object, or by collision of parts; to rattle; to click.
Clack	To utter words rapidly and continually, or with abruptness; to let the tongue run.
Clack	To cause to make a sudden, sharp noise, or succession of noises; to click.
Clack	To utter rapidly and inconsiderately.
Clack	A sharp, abrupt noise, or succession of noises, made by striking an object.
Clack	Anything that causes a clacking noise, as the clapper of a mill, or a clack valve.
Clack	Continual or importunate talk; prattle; prating.
Clacker	One who clacks; that which clacks; especially, the clapper of a mill.
Clacker	A claqueur. See Claqueur.
Clad	To clothe.
Clad	imp. & p. p. of Clothe.
Cladocera	An order of the Entomostraca.
Cladophyll	A special branch, resembling a leaf, as in the apparent foliage of the broom (Ruscus) and of the common cultivated smilax (Myrsiphillum).
Claggy	Adhesive; -- said of a roof in a mine to which coal clings.
Claik	See Clake.
Claimed	of Claim
Claiming	of Claim
Claim	To ask for, or seek to obtain, by virtue of authority, right, or supposed right; to challenge as a right; to demand as due.
Claim	To proclaim.
Claim	To call or name.
Claim	To assert; to maintain.
Claim	To be entitled to anything; to deduce a right or title; to have a claim.
Claim	A demand of a right or supposed right; a calling on another for something due or supposed to be due; an assertion of a right or fact.
Claim	A right to claim or demand something; a title to any debt, privilege, or other thing in possession of another; also, a title to anything which another should give or concede to, or confer on, the claimant.
Claim	The thing claimed or demanded; that (as land) to which any one intends to establish a right; as a settler's claim; a miner's claim.
Claim	A loud call.
Claimable	Capable of being claimed.
Claimant	One who claims; one who asserts a right or title; a claimer.
Claimer	One who claims; a claimant.
Claimless	Having no claim.
Clair-obscur	See Chiaroscuro.
Clairvoyance	A power, attributed to some persons while in a mesmeric state, of discering objects not perceptible by the senses in their normal condition.
Clairvoyant	Pertaining to clairvoyance; discerning objects while in a mesmeric state which are not present to the senses.
Clairvoyant	One who is able, when in a mesmeric state, to discern objects not present to the senses.
Clake	Alt. of Claik
Claik	The bernicle goose; -- called also clack goose.
Clam	A bivalve mollusk of many kinds, especially those that are edible; as, the long clam (Mya arenaria), the quahog or round clam (Venus mercenaria), the sea clam or hen clam (Spisula solidissima), and other species of the United States. The name is said to have been given originally to the Tridacna gigas, a huge East Indian bivalve.
Clam	Strong pinchers or forceps.
Clam	A kind of vise, usually of wood.
Clammed	of Clam
Clamming	of Clam
Clam	To clog, as with glutinous or viscous matter.
Clam	To be moist or glutinous; to stick; to adhere.
Clam	Claminess; moisture.
Clam	A crash or clangor made by ringing all the bells of a chime at once.
Clam	To produce, in bell ringing, a clam or clangor; to cause to clang.
Clamant	Crying earnestly, beseeching clamorously.
Clamation	The act of crying out.
Clamatores	A division of passerine birds in which the vocal muscles are but little developed, so that they lack the power of singing.
Clamatorial	Like or pertaining to the Clamatores.
Clambake	The backing or steaming of clams on heated stones, between layers of seaweed; hence, a picnic party, gathered on such an occasion.
Clambered	of Clamber
Clambering	of Clamber
Clamber	To climb with difficulty, or with hands and feet; -- also used figuratively.
Clamber	The act of clambering.
Clamber	To ascend by climbing with difficulty.
Clamjamphrie	Low, worthless people; the rabble.
Clammily	In a clammy manner.
Clamminess	State of being clammy or viscous.
Clammy	Having the quality of being viscous or adhesive; soft and sticky; glutinous; damp and adhesive, as if covered with a cold perspiration.
Clamor	A great outcry or vociferation; loud and continued shouting or exclamation.
Clamor	Any loud and continued noise.
Clamor	A continued expression of dissatisfaction or discontent; a popular outcry.
Clamored	of Clamor
Clamoring	of Clamor
Clamor	To salute loudly.
Clamor	To stun with noise.
Clamor	To utter loudly or repeatedly; to shout.
Clamor	To utter loud sounds or outcries; to vociferate; to complain; to make importunate demands.
Clamorer	One who clamors.
Clamorous	Speaking and repeating loud words; full of clamor; calling or demanding loudly or urgently; vociferous; noisy; bawling; loud; turbulent.
Clamp	Something rigid that holds fast or binds things together; a piece of wood or metal, used to hold two or more pieces together.
Clamp	An instrument with a screw or screws by which work is held in its place or two parts are temporarily held together.
Clamp	A piece of wood placed across another, or inserted into another, to bind or strengthen.
Clamp	One of a pair of movable pieces of lead, or other soft material, to cover the jaws of a vise and enable it to grasp without bruising.
Clamp	A thick plank on the inner part of a ship's side, used to sustain the ends of beams.
Clamp	A mass of bricks heaped up to be burned; or of ore for roasting, or of coal for coking.
Clamp	A mollusk. See Clam.
Clamped	of Clamp
Clamping	of Clamp
Clamp	To fasten with a clamp or clamps; to apply a clamp to; to place in a clamp.
Clamp	To cover, as vegetables, with earth.
Clamp	A heavy footstep; a tramp.
Clamp	To tread heavily or clumsily; to clump.
Clamper	An instrument of iron, with sharp prongs, attached to a boot or shoe to enable the wearer to walk securely upon ice; a creeper.
Clan	A tribe or collection of families, united under a chieftain, regarded as having the same common ancestor, and bearing the same surname; as, the clan of Macdonald.
Clan	A clique; a sect, society, or body of persons; esp., a body of persons united by some common interest or pursuit; -- sometimes used contemptuously.
Clancular	Conducted with secrecy; clandestine; concealed.
Clancularly	privately; secretly.
Clandestine	Conducted with secrecy; withdrawn from public notice, usually for an evil purpose; kept secret; hidden; private; underhand; as, a clandestine marriage.
Clandestinity	Privacy or secrecy.
Clanged	of Clang
Clanging	of Clang
Clang	To strike together so as to produce a ringing metallic sound.
Clang	To give out a clang; to resound.
Clang	A loud, ringing sound, like that made by metallic substances when clanged or struck together.
Clang	Quality of tone.
Clangor	A sharp, harsh, ringing sound.
Clangorous	Making a clangor; having a ringing, metallic sound.
Clangous	Making a clang, or a ringing metallic sound.
Clanjamfrie	Same as Clamjamphrie.
Clank	A sharp, brief, ringing sound, made by a collision of metallic or other sonorous bodies; -- usually expressing a duller or less resounding sound than clang, and a deeper and stronger sound than clink.
Clanked	of Clank
Clanking	of Clank
Clank	To cause to sound with a clank; as, the prisoners clank their chains.
Clank	To sound with a clank.
Clankless	Without a clank.
Clannish	Of or pertaining to a clan; closely united, like a clan; disposed to associate only with one's clan or clique; actuated by the traditions, prejudices, habits, etc., of a clan.
Clanship	A state of being united together as in a clan; an association under a chieftain.
Clansmen	of Clansman
Clansman	One belonging to the same clan with another.
Clapped	of Clap
Clapping	of Clap
Clap	To strike; to slap; to strike, or strike together, with a quick motion, so, as to make a sharp noise; as, to clap one's hands; a clapping of wings.
Clap	To thrust, drive, put, or close, in a hasty or abrupt manner; -- often followed by to, into, on, or upon.
Clap	To manifest approbation of, by striking the hands together; to applaud; as, to clap a performance.
Clap	To express contempt or derision.
Clap	To knock, as at a door.
Clap	To strike the hands together in applause.
Clap	To come together suddenly with noise.
Clap	To enter with alacrity and briskness; -- with to or into.
Clap	To talk noisily; to chatter loudly.
Clap	A loud noise made by sudden collision; a bang.
Clap	A burst of sound; a sudden explosion.
Clap	A single, sudden act or motion; a stroke; a blow.
Clap	A striking of hands to express approbation.
Clap	Noisy talk; chatter.
Clap	The nether part of the beak of a hawk.
Clap	Gonorrhea.
Clapboard	A narrow board, thicker at one edge than at the other; -- used for weatherboarding the outside of houses.
Clapboard	A stave for a cask.
Clapboard	To cover with clapboards; as, to clapboard the sides of a house.
Clapbread	Alt. of Clapcake
Clapcake	Oatmeal cake or bread clapped or beaten till it is thin.
Clape	A bird; the flicker.
Clapper	A person who claps.
Clapper	That which strikes or claps, as the tongue of a bell, or the piece of wood that strikes a mill hopper, etc. See Illust. of Bell.
Clapper	A rabbit burrow.
Clapperclaw	To fight and scratch.
Clapperclaw	To abuse with the tongue; to revile; to scold.
Claps	Variant of Clasp
Claptrap	A contrivance for clapping in theaters.
Claptrap	A trick or device to gain applause; humbug.
Claptrap	Contrived for the purpose of making a show, or gaining applause; deceptive; unreal.
Claque	A collection of persons employed to applaud at a theatrical exhibition.
Claqueur	One of the claque employed to applaud at a theater.
Clare	A nun of the order of St. Clare.
Clarence	A close four-wheeled carriage, with one seat inside, and a seat for the driver.
Clarenceux	Alt. of Clarencieux
Clarencieux	See King-at-arms.
Clarendon	A style of type having a narrow and heave face. It is made in all sizes.
Clare-obscure	See Chiaroscuro.
Claret	The name first given in England to the red wines of Medoc, in France, and afterwards extended to all the red Bordeaux wines. The name is also given to similar wines made in the United States.
Claribella	A soft, sweet stop, or set of open wood pipes in an organ.
Clarichord	A musical instrument, formerly in use, in form of a spinet; -- called also manichord and clavichord.
Clarification	The act or process of making clear or transparent, by freeing visible impurities; as, the clarification of wine.
Clarification	The act of freeing from obscurities.
Clarifier	That which clarifies.
Clarifier	A vessel in which the process of clarification is conducted; as, the clarifier in sugar works.
Clarified	of Clarify
Clarifying	of Clarify
Clarify	To make clear or bright by freeing from feculent matter; to defecate; to fine; -- said of liquids, as wine or sirup.
Clarify	To make clear; to free from obscurities; to brighten or illuminate.
Clarify	To glorify.
Clarify	To grow or become clear or transparent; to become free from feculent impurities, as wine or other liquid under clarification.
Clarify	To grow clear or bright; to clear up.
Clarigate	To declare war with certain ceremonies.
Clarinet	A wind instrument, blown by a single reed, of richer and fuller tone than the oboe, which has a double reed. It is the leading instrument in a military band.
Clarino	A reed stop in an organ.
Clarion	A kind of trumpet, whose note is clear and shrill.
Clarionet	See Clarinet.
Clarisonus	Having a clear sound.
Claritude	Clearness; splendor.
Clarity	Clearness; brightness; splendor.
Claro-obscuro	See Chiaroscuro.
Clarre	Wine with a mixture of honey and species.
Clart	To daub, smear, or spread, as with mud, etc.
Clarty	Sticky and foul; muddy; filthy; dirty.
Clary	To make a loud or shrill noise.
Clary	A plant (Salvia sclarea) of the Sage family, used in flavoring soups.
Clashed	of Clash
Clashing	of Clash
Clash	To make a noise by striking against something; to dash noisily together.
Clash	To meet in opposition; to act in a contrary direction; to come onto collision; to interfere.
Clash	To strike noisily against or together.
Clash	A loud noise resulting from collision; a noisy collision of bodies; a collision.
Clash	Opposition; contradiction; as between differing or contending interests, views, purposes, etc.
Clashingly	With clashing.
Clasped	of Clasp
Clasping	of Clasp
Clasp	To shut or fasten together with, or as with, a clasp; to shut or fasten (a clasp, or that which fastens with a clasp).
Clasp	To inclose and hold in the hand or with the arms; to grasp; to embrace.
Clasp	To surround and cling to; to entwine about.
Clasp	An adjustable catch, bent plate, or hook, for holding together two objects or the parts of anything, as the ends of a belt, the covers of a book, etc.
Clasp	A close embrace; a throwing of the arms around; a grasping, as with the hand.
Clasper	One who, or that which, clasps, as a tendril.
Clasper	One of a pair of organs used by the male for grasping the female among many of the Crustacea.
Clasper	One of a pair of male copulatory organs, developed on the anterior side of the ventral fins of sharks and other elasmobranchs. See Illust. of Chimaera.
Claspered	Furnished with tendrils.
Class	A group of individuals ranked together as possessing common characteristics; as, the different classes of society; the educated class; the lower classes.
Class	A number of students in a school or college, of the same standing, or pursuing the same studies.
Class	A comprehensive division of animate or inanimate objects, grouped together on account of their common characteristics, in any classification in natural science, and subdivided into orders, families, tribes, genera, etc.
Class	A set; a kind or description, species or variety.
Class	One of the sections into which a church or congregation is divided, and which is under the supervision of a class leader.
Classed	of Class
Classing	of Class
Class	To arrange in classes; to classify or refer to some class; as, to class words or passages.
Class	To divide into classes, as students; to form into, or place in, a class or classes.
Class	To grouped or classed.
Classible	Capable of being classed.
Classic	Alt. of Classical
Classical	Of or relating to the first class or rank, especially in literature or art.
Classical	Of or pertaining to the ancient Greeks and Romans, esp. to Greek or Roman authors of the highest rank, or of the period when their best literature was produced; of or pertaining to places inhabited by the ancient Greeks and Romans, or rendered famous by their deeds.
Classical	Conforming to the best authority in literature and art; chaste; pure; refined; as, a classical style.
Classic	A work of acknowledged excellence and authority, or its author; -- originally used of Greek and Latin works or authors, but now applied to authors and works of a like character in any language.
Classic	One learned in the literature of Greece and Rome, or a student of classical literature.
Classicalism	A classical idiom, style, or expression; a classicism.
Classicalism	Adherence to what are supposed or assumed to be the classical canons of art.
Classicalist	One who adheres to what he thinks the classical canons of art.
Classicality	Alt. of Classicalness
Classicalness	The quality of being classical.
Classically	In a classical manner; according to the manner of classical authors.
Classically	In the manner of classes; according to a regular order of classes or sets.
Classicism	A classic idiom or expression; a classicalism.
Classicist	One learned in the classics; an advocate for the classics.
Classifiable	Capable of being classified.
Classific	Characterizing a class or classes; relating to classification.
Classification	The act of forming into a class or classes; a distibution into groups, as classes, orders, families, etc., according to some common relations or affinities.
Classificatory	Pertaining to classification; admitting of classification.
Classifier	One who classifies.
Classified	of Classify
Classifying	of Classify
Classify	To distribute into classes; to arrange according to a system; to arrange in sets according to some method founded on common properties or characters.
Classes	of Classis
Classis	A class or order; sort; kind.
Classis	An ecclesiastical body or judicatory in certain churches, as the Reformed Dutch. It is intermediate between the consistory and the synod, and corresponds to the presbytery in the Presbyterian church.
Classmen	of Classman
Classman	A member of a class; a classmate.
Classman	A candidate for graduation in arts who is placed in an honor class, as opposed to a passman, who is not classified.
Classmate	One who is in the same class with another, as at school or college.
Clastic	Pertaining to what may be taken apart; as, clastic anatomy (of models).
Clastic	Fragmental; made up of brok/ fragments; as, sandstone is a clastic rock.
Clathrate	Shaped like a lattice; cancellate.
Clathrate	Having the surface marked with raised lines resembling a lattice, as many shells.
Clattered	of Clatter
Clattering	of Clatter
Clatter	To make a rattling sound by striking hard bodies together; to make a succession of abrupt, rattling sounds.
Clatter	To talk fast and noisily; to rattle with the tongue.
Clatter	To make a rattling noise with.
Clatter	A rattling noise, esp. that made by the collision of hard bodies; also, any loud, abrupt sound; a repetition of abrupt sounds.
Clatter	Commotion; disturbance.
Clatter	Rapid, noisy talk; babble; chatter.
Clatterer	One who clatters.
Clatteringly	With clattering.
Claude Lorraine glass	A slightly convex mirror, commonly of black glass, used as a toy for viewing the reflected landscape.
Claudent	Shutting; confining; drawing together; as, a claudent muscle.
Claudicant	Limping.
Claudication	A halting or limping.
Clause	A separate portion of a written paper, paragraph, or sentence; an article, stipulation, or proviso, in a legal document.
Clause	A subordinate portion or a subdivision of a sentence containing a subject and its predicate.
Clause	See Letters clause / close, under Letter.
Claustral	Cloistral.
Claustra	of Claustrum
Claustrum	A thin lamina of gray matter in each cerebral hemisphere of the brain of man.
Clausular	Consisting of, or having, clauses.
Clausure	The act of shutting up or confining; confinement.
Clavate	Alt. of Clavated
Clavated	Club-shaped; having the form of a club; growing gradually thicker toward the top. [See Illust. of Antennae.]
Clave	imp. of Cleave.
Clavecin	The harpsichord.
Clavel	See Clevis.
Clavellate	See Clavate.
Clavellated	Said of potash, probably in reference to its having been obtained from billets of wood by burning.
Claver	See Clover.
Claver	Frivolous or nonsensical talk; prattle; chattering.
Clavichord	A keyed stringed instrument, now superseded by the pianoforte. See Clarichord.
Clavicle	The collar bone, which is joined at one end to the scapula, or shoulder blade, and at the other to the sternum, or breastbone. In man each clavicle is shaped like the letter /, and is situated just above the first rib on either side of the neck. In birds the two clavicles are united ventrally, forming the merrythought, or wishbone.
Clavicorn	Having club-shaped antennae. See Antennae
Clavicorn	One of the Clavicornes.
Clavicornes	A group of beetles having club-shaped antennae.
Clavicular	Of or pertaining to the clavicle.
Clavier	The keyboard of an organ, pianoforte, or harmonium.
Claviform	Club-shaped; clavate.
Claviger	One who carries the keys of any place.
Claviger	One who carries a club; a club bearer.
Clavigerous	Bearing a club or a key.
Claves	of Clavis
Clavises	of Clavis
Clavis	A key; a glossary.
Clavus	A callous growth, esp. one the foot; a corn.
Clavies	of Clavy
Clavy	A mantelpiece.
Claw	A sharp, hooked nail, as of a beast or bird.
Claw	The whole foot of an animal armed with hooked nails; the pinchers of a lobster, crab, etc.
Claw	Anything resembling the claw of an animal, as the curved and forked end of a hammer for drawing nails.
Claw	A slender appendage or process, formed like a claw, as the base of petals of the pink.
Clawed	of Claw
Clawing	of Claw
Claw	To pull, tear, or scratch with, or as with, claws or nails.
Claw	To relieve from some uneasy sensation, as by scratching; to tickle; hence, to flatter; to court.
Claw	To rail at; to scold.
Claw	To scrape, scratch, or dig with a claw, or with the hand as a claw.
Clawback	A flatterer or sycophant.
Clawback	Flattering; sycophantic.
Clawback	To flatter.
Clawed	Furnished with claws.
Clawless	Destitute of claws.
Clay	A soft earth, which is plastic, or may be molded with the hands, consisting of hydrous silicate of aluminium. It is the result of the wearing down and decomposition, in part, of rocks containing aluminous minerals, as granite. Lime, magnesia, oxide of iron, and other ingredients, are often present as impurities.
Clay	Earth in general, as representing the elementary particles of the human body; hence, the human body as formed from such particles.
Clayed	of Clay
Claying	of Clay
Clay	To cover or manure with clay.
Clay	To clarify by filtering through clay, as sugar.
Clay-brained	Stupid.
Clayes	Wattles, or hurdles, made with stakes interwoven with osiers, to cover lodgments.
Clayey	Consisting of clay; abounding with clay; partaking of clay; like clay.
Clayish	Partaking of the nature of clay, or containing particles of it.
Claymore	A large two-handed sword used formerly by the Scottish Highlanders.
Claytonia	An American genus of perennial herbs with delicate blossoms; -- sometimes called spring beauty.
Cleading	A jacket or outer covering of wood, etc., to prevent radiation of heat, as from the boiler, cylinder. etc., of a steam engine.
Cleading	The planking or boarding of a shaft, cofferdam, etc.
Clean	Free from dirt or filth; as, clean clothes.
Clean	Free from that which is useless or injurious; without defects; as, clean land; clean timber.
Clean	Free from awkwardness; not bungling; adroit; dexterous; as, aclean trick; a clean leap over a fence.
Clean	Free from errors and vulgarisms; as, a clean style.
Clean	Free from restraint or neglect; complete; entire.
Clean	Free from moral defilement; sinless; pure.
Clean	Free from ceremonial defilement.
Clean	Free from that which is corrupting to the morals; pure in tone; healthy.
Clean	Well-proportioned; shapely; as, clean limbs.
Clean	Without limitation or remainder; quite; perfectly; wholly; entirely.
Clean	Without miscarriage; not bunglingly; dexterously.
Cleaned	of Clean
Cleaning	of Clean
Clean	To render clean; to free from whatever is foul, offensive, or extraneous; to purify; to cleanse.
Clean-cut	See Clear-cut.
Cleaner	One who, or that which, cleans.
Cleaning	The act of making clean.
Cleaning	The afterbirth of cows, ewes, etc.
Cleanlily	In a cleanly manner.
Clean-limbed	With well-proportioned, unblemished limbs; as, a clean-limbed young fellow.
Cleanliness	State of being cleanly; neatness of person or dress.
Cleanly	Habitually clean; pure; innocent.
Cleanly	Cleansing; fitted to remove moisture; dirt, etc.
Cleanly	Adroit; skillful; dexterous; artful.
Cleanly	In a clean manner; neatly.
Cleanly	Innocently; without stain.
Cleanly	Adroitly; dexterously.
Cleanness	The state or quality of being clean.
Cleanness	Purity of life or language; freedom from licentious courses.
Cleansable	Capable of being cleansed.
Cleansed	of Cleanse
Cleansing	of Cleanse
Cleanse	To render clean; to free from fith, pollution, infection, guilt, etc.; to clean.
Cleanser	One who, or that which, cleanses; a detergent.
Clean-timbered	Well-proportioned; symmetrical.
Clear	Free from opaqueness; transparent; bright; light; luminous; unclouded.
Clear	Free from ambiguity or indistinctness; lucid; perspicuous; plain; evident; manifest; indubitable.
Clear	Able to perceive clearly; keen; acute; penetrating; discriminating; as, a clear intellect; a clear head.
Clear	Not clouded with passion; serene; cheerful.
Clear	Easily or distinctly heard; audible; canorous.
Clear	Without mixture; entirely pure; as, clear sand.
Clear	Without defect or blemish, such as freckles or knots; as, a clear complexion; clear lumber.
Clear	Free from guilt or stain; unblemished.
Clear	Without diminution; in full; net; as, clear profit.
Clear	Free from impediment or obstruction; unobstructed; as, a clear view; to keep clear of debt.
Clear	Free from embarrassment; detention, etc.
Clear	Full extent; distance between extreme limits; especially; the distance between the nearest surfaces of two bodies, or the space between walls; as, a room ten feet square in the clear.
Clear	In a clear manner; plainly.
Clear	Without limitation; wholly; quite; entirely; as, to cut a piece clear off.
Cleared	of Clear
Clearing	of Clear
Clear	To render bright, transparent, or undimmed; to free from clouds.
Clear	To free from impurities; to clarify; to cleanse.
Clear	To free from obscurity or ambiguity; to relive of perplexity; to make perspicuous.
Clear	To render more quick or acute, as the understanding; to make perspicacious.
Clear	To free from impediment or incumbrance, from defilement, or from anything injurious, useless, or offensive; as, to clear land of trees or brushwood, or from stones; to clear the sight or the voice; to clear one's self from debt; -- often used with of, off, away, or out.
Clear	To free from the imputation of guilt; to justify, vindicate, or acquit; -- often used with from before the thing imputed.
Clear	To leap or pass by, or over, without touching or failure; as, to clear a hedge; to clear a reef.
Clear	To gain without deduction; to net.
Clear	To become free from clouds or fog; to become fair; -- often followed by up, off, or away.
Clear	To disengage one's self from incumbrances, distress, or entanglements; to become free.
Clear	To make exchanges of checks and bills, and settle balances, as is done in a clearing house.
Clear	To obtain a clearance; as, the steamer cleared for Liverpool to-day.
Clearage	The act of removing anything; clearance.
Clearance	The act of clearing; as, to make a thorough clearance.
Clearance	A certificate that a ship or vessel has been cleared at the customhouse; permission to sail.
Clearance	Clear or net profit.
Clearance	The distance by which one object clears another, as the distance between the piston and cylinder head at the end of a stroke in a steam engine, or the least distance between the point of a cogwheel tooth and the bottom of a space between teeth of a wheel with which it engages.
Clear-cut	Having a sharp, distinct outline, like that of a cameo.
Clear-cut	Concisely and distinctly expressed.
Clearedness	The quality of being cleared.
Clearer	One who, or that which, clears.
Clearer	A tool of which the hemp for lines and twines, used by sailmakers, is finished.
Clear-headed	Having a clear understanding; quick of perception; intelligent.
Clearing	The act or process of making clear.
Clearing	A tract of land cleared of wood for cultivation.
Clearing	A method adopted by banks and bankers for making an exchange of checks held by each against the others, and settling differences of accounts.
Clearing	The gross amount of the balances adjusted in the clearing house.
Clearly	In a clear manner.
Clearness	The quality or state of being clear.
Clear-seeing	Having a clear physical or mental vision; having a clear understanding.
Clear-shining	Shining brightly.
Clear-sighted	Seeing with clearness; discerning; as, clear-sighted reason
Clear-sightedness	Acute discernment.
Clearstarched	of Clearstarch
Clearstraching	of Clearstarch
Clearstarch	To stiffen with starch, and then make clear by clapping with the hands; as, to clearstarch muslin.
Clearstarcher	One who clearstarches.
Clearstory	Alt. of Clerestory
Clerestory	The upper story of the nave of a church, containing windows, and rising above the aisle roofs.
Clearwing	A lepidopterous insect with partially transparent wings, of the family Aegeriadae, of which the currant and peach-tree borers are examples.
Cleat	A strip of wood or iron fastened on transversely to something in order to give strength, prevent warping, hold position, etc.
Cleat	A device made of wood or metal, having two arms, around which turns may be taken with a line or rope so as to hold securely and yet be readily released. It is bolted by the middle to a deck or mast, etc., or it may be lashed to a rope.
Cleat	To strengthen with a cleat.
Cleavable	Capable of cleaving or being divided.
Cleavage	The act of cleaving or splitting.
Cleavage	The quality possessed by many crystallized substances of splitting readily in one or more definite directions, in which the cohesive attraction is a minimum, affording more or less smooth surfaces; the direction of the dividing plane; a fragment obtained by cleaving, as of a diamond. See Parting.
Cleavage	Division into laminae, like slate, with the lamination not necessarily parallel to the plane of deposition; -- usually produced by pressure.
Cleaved	of Cleave
Clave	of Cleave
Cleaved	of Cleave
Cleaving	of Cleave
Cleave	To adhere closely; to stick; to hold fast; to cling.
Cleave	To unite or be united closely in interest or affection; to adhere with strong attachment.
Cleave	To fit; to be adapted; to assimilate.
Cleft	of Cleave
Clave	of Cleave
Clove	of Cleave
Cleft	of Cleave
Cleaved	of Cleave
Cloven	of Cleave
Cleaving	of Cleave
Cleave	To part or divide by force; to split or rive; to cut.
Cleave	To part or open naturally; to divide.
Cleave	To part; to open; to crack; to separate; as parts of bodies; as, the ground cleaves by frost.
Cleavelandite	A variety of albite, white and lamellar in structure.
Cleaver	One who cleaves, or that which cleaves; especially, a butcher's instrument for cutting animal bodies into joints or pieces.
Cleavers	A species of Galium (G. Aparine), having a fruit set with hooked bristles, which adhere to whatever they come in contact with; -- called also, goose grass, catchweed, etc.
Cleche	Charged with another bearing of the same figure, and of the color of the field, so large that only a narrow border of the first bearing remains visible; -- said of any heraldic bearing. Compare Voided.
Clechy	See Cleche.
Cledge	The upper stratum of fuller's earth.
Cledgy	Stiff, stubborn, clayey, or tenacious; as, a cledgy soil.
Clee	A claw.
Clee	The redshank.
Clef	A character used in musical notation to determine the position and pitch of the scale as represented on the staff.
Cleft	imp. & p. p. from Cleave.
Cleft	Divided; split; partly divided or split.
Cleft	Incised nearly to the midrib; as, a cleft leaf.
Cleft	A space or opening made by splitting; a crack; a crevice; as, the cleft of a rock.
Cleft	A piece made by splitting; as, a cleft of wood.
Cleft	A disease in horses; a crack on the band of the pastern.
Cleft-footed	Having a cloven foot.
Cleftgraft	To ingraft by cleaving the stock and inserting a scion.
Cleg	A small breeze or horsefly.
Cleistogamic	Alt. of Cleistogamous
Cleistogamous	Having, beside the usual flowers, other minute, closed flowers, without petals or with minute petals; -- said of certain species of plants which possess flowers of two or more kinds, the closed ones being so constituted as to insure self-fertilization.
Clem	To starve; to famish.
Clematis	A genus of flowering plants, of many species, mostly climbers, having feathery styles, which greatly enlarge in the fruit; -- called also virgin's bower.
Clemence	Clemency.
Clemencies	of Clemency
Clemency	Disposition to forgive and spare, as offenders; mildness of temper; gentleness; tenderness; mercy.
Clemency	Mildness or softness of the elements; as, the clemency of the season.
Clement	Mild in temper and disposition; merciful; compassionate.
Clementine	Of or pertaining to Clement, esp. to St. Clement of Rome and the spurious homilies attributed to him, or to Pope Clement V. and his compilations of canon law.
Clench	See Clinch.
Cleped	of Clepe
Cleping	of Clepe
Ycleped	of Clepe
Clepe	To call, or name.
Clepe	To make appeal; to cry out.
Clepsine	A genus of fresh-water leeches, furnished with a proboscis. They feed upon mollusks and worms.
Clepsydra	A water clock; a contrivance for measuring time by the graduated flow of a liquid, as of water, through a small aperture. See Illust. in Appendix.
Cleptomania	See Kleptomania.
Clerestory	Same as Clearstory.
Clergeon	A chorister boy.
Clergial	Learned; erudite; clerical.
Clergical	Of or pertaining to the clergy; clerical; clerkily; learned.
Clergy	The body of men set apart, by due ordination, to the service of God, in the Christian church, in distinction from the laity; in England, usually restricted to the ministers of the Established Church.
Clergy	Learning; also, a learned profession.
Clergy	The privilege or benefit of clergy.
Clergyable	Entitled to, or admitting, the benefit of clergy; as, a clergyable felony.
Clergymen	of Clergyman
Clergyman	An ordained minister; a man regularly authorized to preach the gospel, and administer its ordinances; in England usually restricted to a minister of the Established Church.
Cleric	A clerk, a clergyman.
Cleric	Same as Clerical.
Clerical	Of or pertaining to the clergy; suitable for the clergy.
Clerical	Of or relating to a clerk or copyist, or to writing.
Clericalism	An excessive devotion to the interests of the sacerdotal order; undue influence of the clergy; sacerdotalism.
Clericity	The state of being a clergyman.
Clerisy	The literati, or well educated class.
Clerisy	The clergy, or their opinions, as opposed to the laity.
Clerk	A clergyman or ecclesiastic.
Clerk	A man who could read; a scholar; a learned person; a man of letters.
Clerk	A parish officer, being a layman who leads in reading the responses of the Episcopal church service, and otherwise assists in it.
Clerk	One employed to keep records or accounts; a scribe; an accountant; as, the clerk of a court; a town clerk.
Clerk	An assistant in a shop or store.
Clerk-ale	A feast for the benefit of the parish clerk.
Clerkless	Unlearned.
Clerklike	Scholarlike.
Clerkliness	Scholarship.
Clerkly	Of or pertaining to a clerk.
Clerkly	In a scholarly manner.
Clerkship	State, quality, or business of a clerk.
Cleromancy	A divination by throwing dice or casting lots.
Cleronomy	Inheritance; heritage.
Clerstory	See Clearstory.
Clever	Possessing quickness of intellect, skill, dexterity, talent, or adroitness; expert.
Clever	Showing skill or adroitness in the doer or former; as, a clever speech; a clever trick.
Clever	Having fitness, propriety, or suitableness.
Clever	Well-shaped; handsome.
Clever	Good-natured; obliging.
Cleverish	Somewhat clever.
Cleverly	In a clever manner.
Cleverness	The quality of being clever; skill; dexterity; adroitness.
Clevis	A piece of metal bent in the form of an oxbow, with the two ends perforated to receive a pin, used on the end of the tongue of a plow, wagen, etc., to attach it to a draft chain, whiffletree, etc.; -- called also clavel, clevy.
Clew	Alt. of Clue
Clue	A ball of thread, yarn, or cord; also, The thread itself.
Clue	That which guides or directs one in anything of a doubtful or intricate nature; that which gives a hint in the solution of a mystery.
Clue	A lower corner of a square sail, or the after corner of a fore-and-aft sail.
Clue	A loop and thimbles at the corner of a sail.
Clue	A combination of lines or nettles by which a hammock is suspended.
Clewing	of Clew
Clew	To direct; to guide, as by a thread.
Clew	To move of draw (a sail or yard) by means of the clew garnets, clew lines, etc.; esp. to draw up the clews of a square sail to the yard.
Cliche	A stereotype plate or any similar reproduction of ornament, or lettering, in relief.
Clicked	of Click
Clicking	of Click
Click	To make a slight, sharp noise (or a succession of such noises), as by gentle striking; to tick.
Click	To move with the sound of a click.
Click	To cause to make a clicking noise, as by striking together, or against something.
Click	A slight sharp noise, such as is made by the cocking of a pistol.
Click	A kind of articulation used by the natives of Southern Africa, consisting in a sudden withdrawal of the end or some other portion of the tongue from a part of the mouth with which it is in contact, whereby a sharp, clicking sound is produced. The sounds are four in number, and are called cerebral, palatal, dental, and lateral clicks or clucks, the latter being the noise ordinarily used in urging a horse forward.
Click	To snatch.
Click	A detent, pawl, or ratchet, as that which catches the cogs of a ratchet wheel to prevent backward motion. See Illust. of Ratched wheel.
Click	The latch of a door.
Click beetle	See Elater.
Clicker	One who stands before a shop door to invite people to buy.
Clicker	One who as has charge of the work of a companionship.
Clicket	The knocker of a door.
Clicket	A latch key.
Clicky	Resembling a click; abounding in clicks.
Clidastes	A genus of extinct marine reptiles, allied to the Mosasaurus. See Illust. in Appendix.
Cliency	State of being a client.
Client	A citizen who put himself under the protection of a man of distinction and influence, who was called his patron.
Client	A dependent; one under the protection of another.
Client	One who consults a legal adviser, or submits his cause to his management.
Clientage	State of being client.
Clientage	A body of clients.
Cliental	Of or pertaining to a client.
Cliented	Supplied with clients.
Clientelage	See Clientele, n., 2.
Clientele	The condition or position of a client; clientship
Clientele	The clients or dependents of a nobleman of patron.
Clientele	The persons who make habitual use of the services of another person; one's clients, collectively; as, the clientele of a lawyer, doctor, notary, etc.
Clientship	Condition of a client; state of being under the protection of a patron.
Cliff	A high, steep rock; a precipice.
Cliff	See Clef.
Cliff limestone	A series of limestone strata found in Ohio and farther west, presenting bluffs along the rivers and valleys, formerly supposed to be of one formation, but now known to be partly Silurian and partly Devonian.
Cliffy	Having cliffs; broken; craggy.
Clift	A cliff.
Clift	A cleft of crack; a narrow opening.
Clift	The fork of the legs; the crotch.
Clifted	Broken; fissured.
Climacter	See Climacteric, n.
Climacteric	Relating to a climacteric; critical.
Climacteric	A period in human life in which some great change is supposed to take place in the constitution. The critical periods are thought by some to be the years produced by multiplying 7 into the odd numbers 3, 5, 7, and 9; to which others add the 81st year.
Climacteric	Any critical period.
Climacterical	See Climacteric.
Climatal	Climatic.
Climatarchic	Presiding over, or regulating, climates.
Climate	One of thirty regions or zones, parallel to the equator, into which the surface of the earth from the equator to the pole was divided, according to the successive increase of the length of the midsummer day.
Climate	The condition of a place in relation to various phenomena of the atmosphere, as temperature, moisture, etc., especially as they affect animal or vegetable life.
Climate	To dwell.
Climatic	Of or pertaining to a climate; depending on, or limited by, a climate.
Climatical	Climatic.
Climatized	of Climatize
Climatizing	of Climatize
Climatize	To acclimate or become acclimated.
Climatography	A description of climates.
Climatological	Of or pertaining to climatology.
Climatologist	One versed in, or who studies, climatology.
Climatology	The science which treats of climates and investigates their phenomena and causes.
Climature	A climate.
Climax	Upward movement; steady increase; gradation; ascent.
Climax	A figure in which the parts of a sentence or paragraph are so arranged that each succeeding one rises above its predecessor in impressiveness.
Climax	The highest point; the greatest degree.
Climbed	of Climb
Clomb	of Climb
Climbing	of Climb
Climb	To ascend or mount laboriously, esp. by use of the hands and feet.
Climb	To ascend as if with effort; to rise to a higher point.
Climb	To ascend or creep upward by twining about a support, or by attaching itself by tendrils, rootlets, etc., to a support or upright surface.
Climb	To ascend, as by means of the hands and feet, or laboriously or slowly; to mount.
Climb	The act of one who climbs; ascent by climbing.
Climbable	Capable of being climbed.
Climber	One who, or that which, climbs
Climber	A plant that climbs.
Climber	A bird that climbs, as a woodpecker or a parrot.
Climber	To climb; to mount with effort; to clamber.
Climbing	p. pr. & vb. n. of Climb.
Clime	A climate; a tract or region of the earth. See Climate.
Clinanthium	The receptacle of the flowers in a composite plant; -- also called clinium.
Clinched	of Clinch
Clinching	of Clinch
Clinch	To hold firmly; to hold fast by grasping or embracing tightly.
Clinch	To set closely together; to close tightly; as, to clinch the teeth or the first.
Clinch	To bend or turn over the point of (something that has been driven through an object), so that it will hold fast; as, to clinch a nail.
Clinch	To make conclusive; to confirm; to establish; as, to clinch an argument.
Clinch	To hold fast; to grasp something firmly; to seize or grasp one another.
Clinch	The act or process of holding fast; that which serves to hold fast; a grip; a grasp; a clamp; a holdfast; as, to get a good clinch of an antagonist, or of a weapon; to secure anything by a clinch.
Clinch	A pun.
Clinch	A hitch or bend by which a rope is made fast to the ring of an anchor, or the breeching of a ship's gun to the ringbolts.
Clincher	One who, or that which, clinches; that which holds fast.
Clincher	That which ends a dispute or controversy; a decisive argument.
Clincher-built	See Clinker-built.
Clung	of Cling
Clong	of Cling
Clinging	of Cling
Cling	To adhere closely; to stick; to hold fast, especially by twining round or embracing; as, the tendril of a vine clings to its support; -- usually followed by to or together.
Cling	To cause to adhere to, especially by twining round or embracing.
Cling	To make to dry up or wither.
Cling	Adherence; attachment; devotion.
Clingstone	Having the flesh attached closely to the stone, as in some kinds of peaches.
Clingstone	A fruit, as a peach, whose flesh adheres to the stone.
Clingy	Apt to cling; adhesive.
Clinic	One confined to the bed by sickness.
Clinic	One who receives baptism on a sick bed.
Clinic	A school, or a session of a school or class, in which medicine or surgery is taught by the examination and treatment of patients in the presence of the pupils.
Clinical	Alt. of Clinic
Clinic	Of or pertaining to a bed, especially, a sick bed.
Clinic	Of or pertaining to a clinic, or to the study of disease in the living subject.
Clinically	In a clinical manner.
Clinique	A clinic.
Clinium	See Clinanthium.
Clinked	of Clink
Clinking	of Clink
Clink	To cause to give out a slight, sharp, tinkling, sound, as by striking metallic or other sonorous bodies together.
Clink	To give out a slight, sharp, tinkling sound.
Clink	To rhyme. [Humorous].
Clink	A slight, sharp, tinkling sound, made by the collision of sonorous bodies.
Clinkant	See Clinquant.
Clinker	A mass composed of several bricks run together by the action of the fire in the kiln.
Clinker	Scoria or vitrified incombustible matter, formed in a grate or furnace where anthracite coal in used; vitrified or burnt matter ejected from a volcano; slag.
Clinker	A scale of oxide of iron, formed in forging.
Clinker	A kind of brick. See Dutch clinker, under Dutch.
Clinker-built	Having the side planks (af a boat) so arranged that the lower edge of each overlaps the upper edge of the plank next below it like clapboards on a house. See Lapstreak.
Clinkstone	An igneous rock of feldspathic composition, lamellar in structure, and clinking under the hammer. See Phonolite.
Clinodiagonal	That diagonal or lateral axis in a monoclinic crystal which makes an oblique angle with the vertical axis. See Crystallization.
Clinodiagonal	Pertaining to, or the direction of, the clinodiagonal.
Clinodome	See under Dome.
Clinographic	Pertaining to that mode of projection in drawing in which the rays of light are supposed to fall obliquely on the plane of projection.
Clinoid	Like a bed; -- applied to several processes on the inner side of the sphenoid bone.
Clinometer	An instrument for determining the dip of beds or strata, pr the slope of an embankment or cutting; a kind of plumb level.
Clinometric	Pertaining to, or ascertained by, the clinometer.
Clinometric	Pertaining to the oblique crystalline forms, or to solids which have oblique angles between the axes; as, the clinometric systems.
Clinometry	That art or operation of measuring the inclination of strata.
Clinopinacoid	The plane in crystals of the monoclinic system which is parallel to the vertical and the inclined lateral (clinidiagonal) axes.
Clinorhombic	Possessing the qualities of a prism, obliquely inclined to a rhombic base; monoclinic.
Clinquant	Glittering; dressed in, or overlaid with, tinsel finery.
Clinquant	Tinsel; Dutch gold.
Clio	The Muse who presided over history.
Clione	A genus of naked pteropods. One species (Clione papilonacea), abundant in the Arctic Ocean, constitutes a part of the food of the Greenland whale. It is sometimes incorrectly called Clio.
Clipped	of Clip
Clipping	of Clip
Clip	To embrace, hence; to encompass.
Clip	To cut off; as with shears or scissors; as, to clip the hair; to clip coin.
Clip	To curtail; to cut short.
Clip	To move swiftly; -- usually with indefinite it.
Clip	An embrace.
Clip	A cutting; a shearing.
Clip	The product of a single shearing of sheep; a season's crop of wool.
Clip	A clasp or holder for letters, papers, etc.
Clip	An embracing strap for holding parts together; the iron strap, with loop, at the ends of a whiffletree.
Clip	A projecting flange on the upper edge of a horseshoe, turned up so as to embrace the lower part of the hoof; -- called also toe clip and beak.
Clip	A blow or stroke with the hand; as, he hit him a clip.
Clipper	One who clips; specifically, one who clips off the edges of coin.
Clipper	A machine for clipping hair, esp. the hair of horses.
Clipper	A vessel with a sharp bow, built and rigged for fast sailing.
Clipping	The act of embracing.
Clipping	The act of cutting off, curtailing, or diminishing; the practice of clipping the edges of coins.
Clipping	That which is clipped off or out of something; a piece separated by clipping; as, newspaper clippings.
Clique	A narrow circle of persons associated by common interests or for the accomplishment of a common purpose; -- generally used in a bad sense.
Clique	To To associate together in a clannish way; to act with others secretly to gain a desired end; to plot; -- used with together.
Cliquish	Of or pertaining to a clique; disposed to from cliques; exclusive in spirit.
Cliquism	The tendency to associate in cliques; the spirit of cliques.
Clitellus	A thickened glandular portion of the body of the adult earthworm, consisting of several united segments modified for reproductive purposes.
Clitoris	A small organ at the upper part of the vulva, homologous to the penis in the male.
Clivers	See Cleavers.
Clivities	of Clivity
Clivity	Inclination; ascent or descent; a gradient.
Cloacae	of Cloaca
Cloaca	A sewer; as, the Cloaca Maxima of Rome.
Cloaca	A privy.
Cloaca	The common chamber into which the intestinal, urinary, and generative canals discharge in birds, reptiles, amphibians, and many fishes.
Cloacal	Of or pertaining to a cloaca.
Cloak	A loose outer garment, extending from the neck downwards, and commonly without sleeves. It is longer than a cape, and is worn both by men and by women.
Cloak	That which conceals; a disguise or pretext; an excuse; a fair pretense; a mask; a cover.
Cloaked	of Cloak
Cloaking	of Cloak
Cloak	To cover with, or as with, a cloak; hence, to hide or conceal.
Cloakedly	In a concealed manner.
Cloaking	The act of covering with a cloak; the act of concealing anything.
Cloaking	The material of which of which cloaks are made.
Cloakroom	A room, attached to any place of public resort, where cloaks, overcoats, etc., may be deposited for a time.
Clock	A machine for measuring time, indicating the hour and other divisions by means of hands moving on a dial plate. Its works are moved by a weight or a spring, and it is often so constructed as to tell the hour by the stroke of a hammer on a bell. It is not adapted, like the watch, to be carried on the person.
Clock	A watch, esp. one that strikes.
Clock	The striking of a clock.
Clock	A figure or figured work on the ankle or side of a stocking.
Clock	To ornament with figured work, as the side of a stocking.
Clock	To call, as a hen. See Cluck.
Clock	A large beetle, esp. the European dung beetle (Scarabaeus stercorarius).
Clocklike	Like a clock or like clockwork; mechanical.
Clockwork	The machinery of a clock, or machinery resembling that of a clock; machinery which produces regularity of movement.
Clod	A lump or mass, especially of earth, turf, or clay.
Clod	The ground; the earth; a spot of earth or turf.
Clod	That which is earthy and of little relative value, as the body of man in comparison with the soul.
Clod	A dull, gross, stupid fellow; a dolt
Clod	A part of the shoulder of a beef creature, or of the neck piece near the shoulder. See Illust. of Beef.
Clod	To collect into clods, or into a thick mass; to coagulate; to clot; as, clodded gore. See Clot.
Clod	To pelt with clods.
Clod	To throw violently; to hurl.
Cloddish	Resembling clods; gross; low; stupid; boorish.
Cloddy	Consisting of clods; full of clods.
Clodhopper	A rude, rustic fellow.
Clodhopping	Boorish; rude.
Clodpate	A blockhead; a dolt.
Clodpated	Stupid; dull; doltish.
Clodpoll	A stupid fellow; a dolt.
Cloff	Formerly an allowance of two pounds in every three hundred weight after the tare and tret are subtracted; now used only in a general sense, of small deductions from the original weight.
Clog	That which hinders or impedes motion; hence, an encumbrance, restraint, or impediment, of any kind.
Clog	A weight, as a log or block of wood, attached to a man or an animal to hinder motion.
Clog	A shoe, or sandal, intended to protect the feet from wet, or to increase the apparent stature, and having, therefore, a very thick sole. Cf. Chopine.
Clogged	of Clog
Clogging	of Clog
Clog	To encumber or load, especially with something that impedes motion; to hamper.
Clog	To obstruct so as to hinder motion in or through; to choke up; as, to clog a tube or a channel.
Clog	To burden; to trammel; to embarrass; to perplex.
Clog	To become clogged; to become loaded or encumbered, as with extraneous matter.
Clog	To coalesce or adhere; to unite in a mass.
Clogginess	The state of being clogged.
Clogging	Anything which clogs.
Cloggy	Clogging, or having power to clog.
Cloisonne	Inlaid between partitions: -- said of enamel when the lines which divide the different patches of fields are composed of a kind of metal wire secured to the ground; as distinguished from champleve enamel, in which the ground is engraved or scooped out to receive the enamel.
Cloister	An inclosed place.
Cloister	A covered passage or ambulatory on one side of a court;
Cloister	the series of such passages on the different sides of any court, esp. that of a monastery or a college.
Cloister	A monastic establishment; a place for retirement from the world for religious duties.
Cloistered	of Cloister
Cloistering	of Cloister
Cloister	To confine in, or as in, a cloister; to seclude from the world; to immure.
Cloisteral	Cloistral.
Cloistered	Dwelling in cloisters; solitary.
Cloistered	Furnished with cloisters.
Cloisterer	One belonging to, or living in, a cloister; a recluse.
Cloistral	Of, pertaining to, or confined in, a cloister; recluse.
Cloistress	A nun.
Cloke	See Cloak.
Clomb	Alt. of Clomben
Clomben	imp. & p. p. of Climb (for climbed).
Clomp	See Clamp.
Clong	imp. of Cling.
Clonic	Having an irregular, convulsive motion.
Cloom	To close with glutinous matter.
Cloop	The sound made when a cork is forcibly drawn from a bottle.
Closed	of Close
Closing	of Close
Close	To stop, or fill up, as an opening; to shut; as, to close the eyes; to close a door.
Close	To bring together the parts of; to consolidate; as, to close the ranks of an army; -- often used with up.
Close	To bring to an end or period; to conclude; to complete; to finish; to end; to consummate; as, to close a bargain; to close a course of instruction.
Close	To come or gather around; to inclose; to encompass; to confine.
Close	To come together; to unite or coalesce, as the parts of a wound, or parts separated.
Close	To end, terminate, or come to a period; as, the debate closed at six o'clock.
Close	To grapple; to engage in hand-to-hand fight.
Close	The manner of shutting; the union of parts; junction.
Close	Conclusion; cessation; ending; end.
Close	A grapple in wrestling.
Close	The conclusion of a strain of music; cadence.
Close	A double bar marking the end.
Close	An inclosed place; especially, a small field or piece of land surrounded by a wall, hedge, or fence of any kind; -- specifically, the precinct of a cathedral or abbey.
Close	A narrow passage leading from a street to a court, and the houses within.
Close	The interest which one may have in a piece of ground, even though it is not inclosed.
Close	Shut fast; closed; tight; as, a close box.
Close	Narrow; confined; as, a close alley; close quarters.
Close	Oppressive; without motion or ventilation; causing a feeling of lassitude; -- said of the air, weather, etc.
Close	Strictly confined; carefully quarded; as, a close prisoner.
Close	Out of the way observation; secluded; secret; hidden.
Close	Disposed to keep secrets; secretive; reticent.
Close	Having the parts near each other; dense; solid; compact; as applied to bodies; viscous; tenacious; not volatile, as applied to liquids.
Close	Concise; to the point; as, close reasoning.
Close	Adjoining; near; either in space; time, or thought; -- often followed by to.
Close	Short; as, to cut grass or hair close.
Close	Intimate; familiar; confidential.
Close	Nearly equal; almost evenly balanced; as, a close vote.
Close	Difficult to obtain; as, money is close.
Close	Parsimonious; stingy.
Close	Adhering strictly to a standard or original; exact; strict; as, a close translation.
Close	Accurate; careful; precise; also, attentive; undeviating; strict; not wandering; as, a close observer.
Close	Uttered with a relatively contracted opening of the mouth, as certain sounds of e and o in French, Italian, and German; -- opposed to open.
Close	In a close manner.
Close	Secretly; darkly.
Close-banded	Closely united.
Close-barred	Firmly barred or closed.
Close-bodied	Fitting the body exactly; setting close, as a garment.
Close-fights	Barriers with loopholes, formerly erected on the deck of a vessel to shelter the men in a close engagement with an enemy's boarders; -- called also close quarters.
Closefisted	Covetous; niggardly.
Closehanded	Covetous; penurious; stingy; closefisted.
Closehauled	Under way and moving as nearly as possible toward the direction from which the wind blows; -- said of a sailing vessel.
Closely	In a close manner.
Closely	Secretly; privately.
Closemouthed	Cautious in speaking; secret; wary; uncommunicative.
Closen	To make close.
Closeness	The state of being close.
Closer	One who, or that which, closes; specifically, a boot closer. See under Boot.
Closer	A finisher; that which finishes or terminates.
Closer	The last stone in a horizontal course, if of a less size than the others, or a piece of brick finishing a course.
Closereefed	Having all the reefs taken in; -- said of a sail.
Close-stool	A utensil to hold a chamber vessel, for the use of the sick and infirm. It is usually in the form of a box, with a seat and tight cover.
Closet	A small room or apartment for retirement; a room for privacy.
Closet	A small apartment, or recess in the side of a room, for household utensils, clothing, etc.
Closeting	of Closet
Closet	To shut up in, or as in, a closet; to conceal.
Closet	To make into a closet for a secret interview.
Close-tongued	Closemouthed; silent.
Closh	A disease in the feet of cattle; laminitis.
Closh	The game of ninepins.
Closure	The act of shutting; a closing; as, the closure of a chink.
Closure	That which closes or shuts; that by which separate parts are fastened or closed.
Closure	That which incloses or confines; an inclosure.
Closure	A conclusion; an end.
Closure	A method of putting an end to debate and securing an immediate vote upon a measure before a legislative body. It is similar in effect to the previous question. It was first introduced into the British House of Commons in 1882. The French word cloture was originally applied to this proceeding.
Clot	A concretion or coagulation; esp. a soft, slimy, coagulated mass, as of blood; a coagulum.
Clotted	of Clot
Clotting	of Clot
Clot	To concrete, coagulate, or thicken, as soft or fluid matter by evaporation; to become a cot or clod.
Clot	To form into a slimy mass.
Clotbur	The burdock.
Clotbur	Same as Cocklebur.
Clote	The common burdock; the clotbur.
Cloths	of Cloth
Clothes	of Cloth
Cloth	A fabric made of fibrous material (or sometimes of wire, as in wire cloth); commonly, a woven fabric of cotton, woolen, or linen, adapted to be made into garments; specifically, woolen fabrics, as distinguished from all others.
Cloth	The dress; raiment. [Obs.] See Clothes.
Cloth	The distinctive dress of any profession, especially of the clergy; hence, the clerical profession.
Clothed	of Clothe
Clad	of Clothe
Clothing	of Clothe
Clothe	To put garments on; to cover with clothing; to dress.
Clothe	To provide with clothes; as, to feed and clothe a family; to clothe one's self extravagantly.
Clothe	Fig.: To cover or invest, as with a garment; as, to clothe one with authority or power.
Clothe	To wear clothes.
Clothes	Covering for the human body; dress; vestments; vesture; -- a general term for whatever covering is worn, or is made to be worn, for decency or comfort.
Clothes	The covering of a bed; bedclothes.
Clotheshorse	A frame to hang clothes on.
Clothesline	A rope or wire on which clothes are hung to dry.
Clothespin	A forked piece of wood, or a small spring clamp, used for fastening clothes on a line.
Clothespress	A receptacle for clothes.
Clothier	One who makes cloths; one who dresses or fulls cloth.
Clothier	One who sells cloth or clothes, or who makes and sells clothes.
Clothing	Garments in general; clothes; dress; raiment; covering.
Clothing	The art of process of making cloth.
Clothing	A covering of non-conducting material on the outside of a boiler, or steam chamber, to prevent radiation of heat.
Clothing	See Card clothing, under 3d Card.
Clothred	Clottered.
Clotpoll	See Clodpoll.
Clotted	Composed of clots or clods; having the quality or form of a clot; sticky; slimy; foul.
Clotter	To concrete into lumps; to clot.
Clotty	Full of clots, or clods.
Cloture	See Closure, 5.
Clotweed	Cocklebur.
Cloud	A collection of visible vapor, or watery particles, suspended in the upper atmosphere.
Cloud	A mass or volume of smoke, or flying dust, resembling vapor.
Cloud	A dark vein or spot on a lighter material, as in marble; hence, a blemish or defect; as, a cloud upon one's reputation; a cloud on a title.
Cloud	That which has a dark, lowering, or threatening aspect; that which temporarily overshadows, obscures, or depresses; as, a cloud of sorrow; a cloud of war; a cloud upon the intellect.
Cloud	A great crowd or multitude; a vast collection.
Cloud	A large, loosely-knitted scarf, worn by women about the head.
Clouded	of Cloud
Clouding	of Cloud
Cloud	To overspread or hide with a cloud or clouds; as, the sky is clouded.
Cloud	To darken or obscure, as if by hiding or enveloping with a cloud; hence, to render gloomy or sullen.
Cloud	To blacken; to sully; to stain; to tarnish; to damage; -- esp. used of reputation or character.
Cloud	To mark with, or darken in, veins or sports; to variegate with colors; as, to cloud yarn.
Cloud	To grow cloudy; to become obscure with clouds; -- often used with up.
Cloudage	Mass of clouds; cloudiness.
Cloudberry	A species of raspberry (Rubus Chamaemerous) growing in the northern regions, and bearing edible, amber-colored fruit.
Cloud-built	Built of, or in, the clouds; airy; unsubstantial; imaginary.
Cloud-burst	A sudden copious rainfall, as the whole cloud had been precipitated at once.
Cloud-capped	Having clouds resting on the top or head; reaching to the clouds; as, cloud-capped mountains.
Cloud-compeller	Cloud-gatherer; -- an epithet applied to Zeus.
Cloudily	In a cloudy manner; darkly; obscurely.
Cloudiness	The state of being cloudy.
Clouding	A mottled appearance given to ribbons and silks in the process of dyeing.
Clouding	A diversity of colors in yarn, recurring at regular intervals.
Cloudland	Dreamland.
Cloudless	Without a cloud; clear; bright.
Cloudlet	A little cloud.
Cloudy	Overcast or obscured with clouds; clouded; as, a cloudy sky.
Cloudy	Consisting of a cloud or clouds.
Cloudy	Indicating gloom, anxiety, sullenness, or ill-nature; not open or cheerful.
Cloudy	Confused; indistinct; obscure; dark.
Cloudy	Lacking clearness, brightness, or luster.
Cloudy	Marked with veins or sports of dark or various hues, as marble.
Clough	A cleft in a hill; a ravine; a narrow valley.
Clough	A sluice used in returning water to a channel after depositing its sediment on the flooded land.
Clough	An allowance in weighing. See Cloff.
Clout	A cloth; a piece of cloth or leather; a patch; a rag.
Clout	A swadding cloth.
Clout	A piece; a fragment.
Clout	The center of the butt at which archers shoot; -- probably once a piece of white cloth or a nail head.
Clout	An iron plate on an axletree or other wood to keep it from wearing; a washer.
Clout	A blow with the hand.
Clouted	of Clout
Clouting	of Clout
Clout	To cover with cloth, leather, or other material; to bandage; patch, or mend, with a clout.
Clout	To join or patch clumsily.
Clout	To quard with an iron plate, as an axletree.
Clout	To give a blow to; to strike.
Clout	To stud with nails, as a timber, or a boot sole.
Clouterly	Clumsy; awkward.
Clove	Cleft.
Clove	A cleft; a gap; a ravine; -- rarely used except as part of a proper name; as, Kaaterskill Clove; Stone Clove.
Clove	A very pungent aromatic spice, the unexpanded flower bud of the clove tree (Eugenia, / Caryophullus, aromatica), a native of the Molucca Isles.
Clove	One of the small bulbs developed in the axils of the scales of a large bulb, as in the case of garlic.
Clove	A weight. A clove of cheese is about eight pounds, of wool, about seven pounds.
Cloven	from Cleave, v. t.
Cloven-footed	Alt. of Cloven-hoofed
Cloven-hoofed	Having the foot or hoof divided into two parts, as the ox.
Clover	A plant of different species of the genus Trifolium; as the common red clover, T. pratense, the white, T. repens, and the hare's foot, T. arvense.
Clovered	Covered with growing clover.
Clowe-gilofre	Spice clove.
Clown	A man of coarse nature and manners; an awkward fellow; an ill-bred person; a boor.
Clown	One who works upon the soil; a rustic; a churl.
Clown	The fool or buffoon in a play, circus, etc.
Clown	To act as a clown; -- with it.
Clownage	Behavior or manners of a clown; clownery.
Clownery	Clownishness.
Clownish	Of or resembling a clown, or characteristic of a clown; ungainly; awkward.
Clownishness	The manners of a clown; coarseness or rudeness of behavior.
Cloyed	of Cloy
Cloying	of Cloy
Cloy	To fill or choke up; to stop up; to clog.
Cloy	To glut, or satisfy, as the appetite; to satiate; to fill to loathing; to surfeit.
Cloy	To penetrate or pierce; to wound.
Cloy	To spike, as a cannon.
Cloy	To stroke with a claw.
Cloyless	That does not cloy.
Cloyment	Satiety.
Club	A heavy staff of wood, usually tapering, and wielded the hand; a weapon; a cudgel.
Club	Any card of the suit of cards having a figure like the trefoil or clover leaf. (pl.) The suit of cards having such figure.
Club	An association of persons for the promotion of some common object, as literature, science, politics, good fellowship, etc.; esp. an association supported by equal assessments or contributions of the members.
Club	A joint charge of expense, or any person's share of it; a contribution to a common fund.
Clubbed	of Club
Clubbing	of Club
Club	To beat with a club.
Club	To throw, or allow to fall, into confusion.
Club	To unite, or contribute, for the accomplishment of a common end; as, to club exertions.
Club	To raise, or defray, by a proportional assesment; as, to club the expense.
Club	To form a club; to combine for the promotion of some common object; to unite.
Club	To pay on equal or proportionate share of a common charge or expense; to pay for something by contribution.
Club	To drift in a current with an anchor out.
Clubbable	Suitable for membership in a club; sociable.
Clubbed	Shaped like a club; grasped like, or used as, a club.
Clubber	One who clubs.
Clubber	A member of a club.
Clubbish	Rude; clownish.
Clubbish	Disposed to club together; as, a clubbish set.
Clubbist	A member of a club; a frequenter of clubs.
Clubfist	A large, heavy fist.
Clubfist	A coarse, brutal fellow.
Clubfisted	Having a large fist.
Clubfoot	A short, variously distorted foot; also, the deformity, usually congenital, which such a foot exhibits; talipes.
Clubfooted	Having a clubfoot.
Clubhand	A short, distorted hand; also, the deformity of having such a hand.
Clubhaul	To put on the other tack by dropping the lee anchor as soon as the wind is out of the sails (which brings the vessel's head to the wind), and by cutting the cable as soon as she pays off on the other tack. Clubhauling is attempted only in an exigency.
Clubhouse	A house occupied by a club.
Clubroom	The apartment in which a club meets.
Club-rush	A rushlike plant, the reed mace or cat-tail, or some species of the genus Scirpus. See Bulrush.
Club-shaped	Enlarged gradually at the end, as the antennae of certain insects.
Clucked	of Cluck
Clucking	of Cluck
Cluck	To make the noise, or utter the call, of a brooding hen.
Cluck	To call together, or call to follow, as a hen does her chickens.
Cluck	The call of a hen to her chickens.
Cluck	A click. See 3d Click, 2.
Clucking	The noise or call of a brooding hen.
Clue	A ball of thread; a thread or other means of guidance. Same as Clew.
Clum	Silence; hush.
Clumber	A kind of field spaniel, with short legs and stout body, which, unlike other spaniels, hunts silently.
Clump	An unshaped piece or mass of wood or other substance.
Clump	A cluster; a group; a thicket.
Clump	The compressed clay of coal strata.
Clump	To arrange in a clump or clumps; to cluster; to group.
Clump	To tread clumsily; to clamp.
Clumper	To form into clumps or masses.
Clumps	A game in which questions are asked for the purpose of enabling the questioners to discover a word or thing previously selected by two persons who answer the questions; -- so called because the players take sides in two "clumps" or groups, the "clump" which guesses the word winning the game.
Clumpy	Composed of clumps; massive; shapeless.
Clumsily	In a clumsy manner; awkwardly; as, to walk clumsily.
Clumsiness	The quality of being clumsy.
Clumsy	Stiff or benumbed, as with cold.
Clumsy	Without skill or grace; wanting dexterity, nimbleness, or readiness; stiff; awkward, as if benumbed; unwieldy; unhandy; hence; ill-made, misshapen, or inappropriate; as, a clumsy person; a clumsy workman; clumsy fingers; a clumsy gesture; a clumsy excuse.
Clunch	Indurated clay. See Bind, n., 3.
Clunch	One of the hard beds of the lower chalk.
Clung	imp. & p. p. of Cling.
Clung	Wasted away; shrunken.
Cluniac	A monk of the reformed branch of the Benedictine Order, founded in 912 at Cluny (or Clugny) in France. -- Also used as a.
Cluniacensian	Cluniac.
Clupeoid	Of or pertaining to the Herring family.
Cluster	A number of things of the same kind growing together; a bunch.
Cluster	A number of similar things collected together or lying contiguous; a group; as, a cluster of islands.
Cluster	A number of individuals grouped together or collected in one place; a crowd; a mob.
Clustered	of Cluster
Clustering	of Cluster
Cluster	To grow in clusters or assemble in groups; to gather or unite in a cluster or clusters.
Cluster	To collect into a cluster or clusters; to gather into a bunch or close body.
Clusteringly	In clusters.
Clustery	Growing in, or full of, clusters; like clusters.
Clutch	A gripe or clinching with, or as with, the fingers or claws; seizure; grasp.
Clutch	The hands, claws, or talons, in the act of grasping firmly; -- often figuratively, for power, rapacity, or cruelty; as, to fall into the clutches of an adversary.
Clutch	A device which is used for coupling shafting, etc., so as to transmit motion, and which may be disengaged at pleasure.
Clutch	Any device for gripping an object, as at the end of a chain or tackle.
Clutch	The nest complement of eggs of a bird.
Clutched	of Clutch
Clutching	of Clutch
Clutch	To seize, clasp, or gripe with the hand, hands, or claws; -- often figuratively; as, to clutch power.
Clutch	To close tightly; to clinch.
Clutch	To reach (at something) as if to grasp; to catch or snatch; -- often followed by at.
Clutter	A confused collection; hence, confusion; disorder; as, the room is in a clutter.
Clutter	Clatter; confused noise.
Cluttered	of Clutter
Cluttering	of Clutter
Clutter	To crowd together in disorder; to fill or cover with things in disorder; to throw into disorder; to disarrange; as, to clutter a room.
Clutter	To make a confused noise; to bustle.
Clutter	To clot or coagulate, as blood.
Clypeastroid	Like or related to the genus Clupeaster; -- applied to a group of flattened sea urchins, with a rosette of pores on the upper side.
Clypeate	Shaped like a round buckler or shield; scutate.
Clypeate	Furnished with a shield, or a protective plate or shell.
Clypeiform	Shield-shaped; clypeate.
Clypei	of Clypeus
Clypeus	The frontal plate of the head of an insect.
Clysmian	Connected with, or related to, the deluge, or to a cataclysm; as, clysmian changes.
Clysmic	Washing; cleansing.
Clyster	A liquid injected into the lower intestines by means of a syringe; an injection; an enema.
Cnemial	Pertaining to the shin bone.
Cnidae	of Cnida
Cnida	One of the peculiar stinging, cells found in Coelenterata; a nematocyst; a lasso cell.
Cnidaria	A comprehensive group equivalent to the true Coelenterata, i. e., exclusive of the sponges. They are so named from presence of stinging cells (cnidae) in the tissues. See Coelenterata.
Cnidoblast	One of the cells which, in the Coelenterata, develop into cnidae.
Cnidocil	The fine filiform process of a cnidoblast.
Co-	A form of the prefix com-, signifying with, together, in conjunction, joint. It is used before vowels and some consonants. See Com-.
Coacervate	Raised into a pile; collected into a crowd; heaped.
Coacervate	To heap up; to pile.
Coacervation	A heaping together.
Coach	A large, closed, four-wheeled carriage, having doors in the sides, and generally a front and back seat inside, each for two persons, and an elevated outside seat in front for the driver.
Coach	A special tutor who assists in preparing a student for examination; a trainer; esp. one who trains a boat's crew for a race.
Coach	A cabin on the after part of the quarter-deck, usually occupied by the captain.
Coach	A first-class passenger car, as distinguished from a drawing-room car, sleeping car, etc. It is sometimes loosely applied to any passenger car.
Coached	of Coach
Coaching	of Coach
Coach	To convey in a coach.
Coach	To prepare for public examination by private instruction; to train by special instruction.
Coach	To drive or to ride in a coach; -- sometimes used with
Coachbox	The seat of a coachman.
Coachdog	One of a breed of dogs trained to accompany carriages; the Dalmatian dog.
Coachee	A coachman
Coachfellow	One of a pair of horses employed to draw a coach; hence (Fig.), a comrade.
Coachmen	of Coachman
Coachman	A man whose business is to drive a coach or carriage.
Coachman	A tropical fish of the Atlantic ocean (Dutes auriga); -- called also charioteer. The name refers to a long, lashlike spine of the dorsal fin.
Coachmanship	Skill in driving a coach.
Coachwhip snake	A large, slender, harmless snake of the southern United States (Masticophis flagelliformis).
Coact	To force; to compel; to drive.
Coact	To act together; to work in concert; to unite.
Coaction	Force; compulsion, either in restraining or impelling.
Coactive	Serving to compel or constrain; compulsory; restrictive.
Coactive	Acting in concurrence; united in action.
Coactively	In a coactive manner.
Coactivity	Unity of action.
Coadaptation	Mutual adaption.
Coadapted	Adapted one to another; as, coadapted pulp and tooth.
Coadjument	Mutual help; cooperation.
Coadjust	To adjust by mutual adaptations.
Coadjustment	Mutual adjustment.
Coadjutant	Mutually assisting or operating; helping.
Coadjutant	An assistant.
Coadjuting	Mutually assisting.
Coadjutive	Rendering mutual aid; coadjutant.
Coadjutor	One who aids another; an assistant; a coworker.
Coadjutor	The assistant of a bishop or of a priest holding a benefice.
Coadjutorship	The state or office of a coadjutor; joint assistance.
Coadjutress	Alt. of Coadjutrix
Coadjutrix	A female coadjutor or assistant.
Coadjuvancy	Joint help; cooperation.
Coadjuvant	Cooperating.
Coadjuvant	An adjuvant.
Coadunate	United at the base, as contiguous lobes of a leaf.
Coadunation	Union, as in one body or mass; unity.
Coadunition	Coadunation.
Coadventure	An adventure in which two or more persons are partakers.
Coadventure	To share in a venture.
Coadventurer	A fellow adventurer.
Coafforest	To convert into, or add to, a forest.
Coag	See Coak, a kind of tenon.
Coagency	Agency in common; joint agency or agent.
Coagent	An associate in an act; a coworker.
Coagment	To join together.
Coagmentation	The act of joining, or the state of being joined, together; union.
Coagulability	The quality of being coagulable; capacity of being coagulated.
Coagulable	Capable of being coagulated.
Coagulant	That which produces coagulation.
Coagulate	Coagulated.
Coagulated	of Coagulate
Coagulating	of Coagulate
Coagulate	To cause (a liquid) to change into a curdlike or semisolid state, not by evaporation but by some kind of chemical reaction; to curdle; as, rennet coagulates milk; heat coagulates the white of an egg.
Coagulate	To undergo coagulation.
Coagulated	Changed into, or contained in, a coagulum or a curdlike mass; curdled.
Coagulation	The change from a liquid to a thickened, curdlike, insoluble state, not by evaporation, but by some kind of chemical reaction; as, the spontaneous coagulation of freshly drawn blood; the coagulation of milk by rennet, or acid, and the coagulation of egg albumin by heat.  Coagulation is generally the change of an albuminous body into an insoluble modification.
Coagulation	The substance or body formed by coagulation.
Coagulative	Having the power to cause coagulation; as, a coagulative agent.
Coagulator	That which causes coagulation.
Coagulatory	Serving to coagulate; produced by coagulation; as, coagulatory effects.
Coagula	of Coagulum
Coagulum	The thick, curdy precipitate formed by the coagulation of albuminous matter; any mass of coagulated matter, as a clot of blood.
Coaita	The native name of certain South American monkeys of the genus Ateles, esp. A. paniscus. The black-faced coaita is Ateles ater. See Illustration in Appendix.
Coak	See Coke, n.
Coak	A kind of tenon connecting the face of a scarfed timber with the face of another timber, or a dowel or pin of hard wood or iron uniting timbers.
Coak	A metallic bushing or strengthening piece in the center of a wooden block sheave.
Coak	To unite, as timbers, by means of tenons or dowels in the edges or faces.
Coal	A thoroughly charred, and extinguished or still ignited, fragment from wood or other combustible substance; charcoal.
Coal	A black, or brownish black, solid, combustible substance, dug from beds or veins in the earth to be used for fuel, and consisting, like charcoal, mainly of carbon, but more compact, and often affording, when heated, a large amount of volatile matter.
Coaled	of Coal
Coaling	of Coal
Coal	To burn to charcoal; to char.
Coal	To mark or delineate with charcoal.
Coal	To supply with coal; as, to coal a steamer.
Coal	To take in coal; as, the steamer coaled at Southampton.
Coal-black	As black as coal; jet black; very black.
Coalery	See Colliery.
Coalesced	of Coalesce
Coalescing	of Coalesce
Coalesce	To grow together; to unite by growth into one body; as, the parts separated by a wound coalesce.
Coalesce	To unite in one body or product; to   combine into one body or community; as, vapors coalesce.
Coalescence	The act or state of growing together, as similar parts; the act of uniting by natural affinity or attraction; the state of being united; union; concretion.
Coalescent	Growing together; cohering, as in the organic cohesion of similar parts; uniting.
Coalfish	The pollock; -- called also, coalsey, colemie, colmey, coal whiting, etc. See Pollock.
Coalfish	The beshow or candlefish of Alaska.
Coalfish	The cobia.
Coalgoose	The cormorant; -- so called from its black color.
Coalite	To unite or coalesce.
Coalite	To cause to unite or coalesce.
Coalition	The act of coalescing; union into a body or mass, as of separate bodies or parts; as, a coalition of atoms.
Coalition	A combination, for temporary purposes, of persons, parties, or states, having different interests.
Coalitioner	A coalitionist.
Coalitionist	One who joins or promotes a coalition; one who advocates coalition.
Co-allies	of Co-ally
Co-ally	A joint ally.
Coal-meter	A licensed or official coal measurer in London. See Meter.
Coalmouse	A small species of titmouse, with a black head; the coletit.
Coalpit	A pit where coal is dug.
Coalpit	A place where charcoal is made.
Coal tar	A thick, black, tarry liquid, obtained by the distillation of bituminous coal in the manufacture of illuminating gas; used for making printer's ink, black varnish, etc. It is a complex mixture from which many substances have been obtained, especially hydrocarbons of the benzene or aromatic series.
Coal-whipper	One who raises coal out of the hold of a ship.
Coal works	A place where coal is dug, including the machinery for raising the coal.
Coaly	Pertaining to, or resembling, coal; containing coal; of the nature of coal.
Coamings	Raised pieces of wood of iron around a hatchway, skylight, or other opening in the deck, to prevent water from running bellow; esp. the fore-and-aft pieces of a hatchway frame as distinguished from the transverse head ledges.
Coannex	To annex with something else.
Coaptation	The adaptation or adjustment of parts to each other, as of a broken bone or dislocated joint.
Coarct	Alt. of Coarctate
Coarctate	To press together; to crowd; to straiten; to confine closely.
Coarctate	To restrain; to confine.
Coarctate	Pressed together; closely connected; -- applied to insects having the abdomen separated from the thorax only by a constriction.
Coarctation	Confinement to a narrow space.
Coarctation	Pressure; that which presses.
Coarctation	A stricture or narrowing, as of a canal, cavity, or orifice.
Coarse	Large in bulk, or composed of large parts or particles; of inferior quality or appearance; not fine in material or close in texture; gross; thick; rough; -- opposed to fine; as, coarse sand; coarse thread; coarse cloth; coarse bread.
Coarse	Not refined; rough; rude; unpolished; gross; indelicate; as, coarse manners; coarse language.
Coarse-grained	Having a coarse grain or texture, as wood; hence, wanting in refinement.
Coarsely	In a coarse manner; roughly; rudely; inelegantly; uncivilly; meanly.
Coarsen	To make coarse or vulgar; as, to coarsen one's character.
Coarseness	The quality or state of being coarse; roughness; inelegance; vulgarity; grossness; as, coarseness of food, texture, manners, or language.
Coarticulation	The union or articulation of bones to form a joint.
Co-assessor	A joint assessor.
Coast	The side of a thing.
Coast	The exterior line, limit, or border of a country; frontier border.
Coast	The seashore, or land near it.
Coasted	of Coast
Coasting	of Coast
Coast	To draw or keep near; to approach.
Coast	To sail by or near the shore.
Coast	To sail from port to port in the same country.
Coast	To slide down hill; to slide on a sled, upon snow or ice.
Coast	To draw near to; to approach; to keep near, or by the side of.
Coast	To sail by or near; to follow the coast line of.
Coast	To conduct along a coast or river bank.
Coastal	Of or pertaining to a coast.
Coaster	A vessel employed in sailing along a coast, or engaged in the coasting trade.
Coaster	One who sails near the shore.
Coasting	Sailing along or near a coast, or running between ports along a coast.
Coasting	A sailing along a coast, or from port to port; a carrying on a coasting trade.
Coasting	Sliding down hill; sliding on a sled upon snow or ice.
Coastwise	Alt. of Coastways
Coastways	By way of, or along, the coast.
Coat	An outer garment fitting the upper part of the body; especially, such a garment worn by men.
Coat	A petticoat.
Coat	The habit or vesture of an order of men, indicating the order or office; cloth.
Coat	An external covering like a garment, as fur, skin, wool, husk, or bark; as, the horses coats were sleek.
Coat	A layer of any substance covering another; a cover; a tegument; as, the coats of the eye; the coats of an onion; a coat of tar or varnish.
Coat	Same as Coat of arms. See below.
Coat	A coat card. See below.
Coated	of Coat
Coating	of Coat
Coat	To cover with a coat or outer garment.
Coat	To cover with a layer of any substance; as, to coat a jar with tin foil; to coat a ceiling.
Coatee	A coat with short flaps.
Coati	A mammal of tropical America of the genus Nasua, allied to the raccoon, but with a longer body, tail, and nose.
Coating	A coat or covering; a layer of any substance, as a cover or protection; as, the coating of a retort or vial.
Coating	Cloth for coats; as, an assortment of coatings.
Coatless	Not wearing a coat; also, not possessing a coat.
Coaxed	of Coax
Coaxing	of Coax
Coax	To persuade by gentle, insinuating courtesy, flattering, or fondling; to wheedle; to soothe.
Coax	A simpleton; a dupe.
Coaxation	The act of croaking.
Coaxer	One who coaxes.
Coaxingly	In a coaxing manner; by coaxing.
Cob	The top or head of anything.
Cob	A leader or chief; a conspicuous person, esp. a rich covetous person.
Cob	The axis on which the kernels of maize or indian corn grow.
Cob	A spider; perhaps from its shape; it being round like a head.
Cob	A young herring.
Cob	A fish; -- also called miller's thumb.
Cob	A short-legged and stout horse, esp. one used for the saddle.
Cob	A sea mew or gull; esp., the black-backed gull (Larus marinus).
Cob	A lump or piece of anything, usually of a somewhat large size, as of coal, or stone.
Cob	A cobnut; as, Kentish cobs. See Cobnut.
Cob	Clay mixed with straw.
Cob	A punishment consisting of blows inflicted on the buttocks with a strap or a flat piece of wood.
Cob	A Spanish coin formerly current in Ireland, worth abiut 4s. 6d.
Cobbed	of Cob
Cobbing	of Cob
Cob	To strike
Cob	To break into small pieces, as ore, so as to sort out its better portions.
Cob	To punish by striking on the buttocks with a strap, a flat piece of wood, or the like.
Cobaea	A genus of climbing plants, native of Mexico and South America. C. scandens is a conservatory climber with large bell-shaped flowers.
Cobalt	A tough, lustrous, reddish white metal of the iron group, not easily fusible, and somewhat magnetic. Atomic weight 59.1. Symbol Co.
Cobalt	A commercial name of a crude arsenic used as fly poison.
Cobaltic	Pertaining to, derived from, or containing, cobalt; -- said especially of those compounds in which cobalt has higher valence; as, cobaltic oxide.
Cobaltiferous	Containing cobalt.
Cobaltine	Alt. of Cobaltite
Cobaltite	A mineral of a nearly silver-white color, composed of arsenic, sulphur, and cobalt.
Cobaltous	Pertaining to, derived from, or containing, cobalt; -- said esp. of cobalt compounds in which the metal has its lower valence.
Cobbing	Haughty; purse-proud. See Cob, n., 2.
Cobble	A fishing boat. See Coble.
Cobble	A cobblestone.
Cobble	Cob coal. See under Cob.
Cobbled	of Cobble
Cobbling	of Cobble
Cobble	To make or mend coarsely; to patch; to botch; as, to cobble shoes.
Cobble	To make clumsily.
Cobble	To pave with cobblestones.
Cobbler	A mender of shoes.
Cobbler	A clumsy workman.
Cobbler	A beverage. See Sherry cobbler, under Sherry.
Cobblestone	A large pebble; a rounded stone not too large to be handled; a small boulder; -- used for paving streets and for other purposes.
Cobby	Headstrong; obstinate.
Cobby	Stout; hearty; lively.
Cobelligerent	Carrying on war in conjunction with another power.
Cobelligerent	A nation or state that carries on war in connection with another.
Cobia	An oceanic fish of large size (Elacate canada); the crabeater; -- called also bonito, cubbyyew, coalfish, and sergeant fish.
Cobiron	An andiron with a knob at the top.
Cobishop	A joint or coadjutant bishop.
Coble	A flat-floored fishing boat with a lug sail, and a drop rudder extending from two to four feet below the keel. It was originally used on the stormy coast of Yorkshire, England.
Cobnut	A large roundish variety of the cultivated hazelnut.
Cobnut	A game played by children with nuts.
Coboose	See Caboose.
Cobourg	A thin worsted fabric for women's dresses.
Cobra	See Copra.
Cobra	The cobra de capello.
Cobra de capello	The hooded snake (Naia tripudians), a highly venomous serpent inhabiting India.Naja --
Cobstone	Cobblestone.
Cobswan	A large swan.
Cobwall	A wall made of clay mixed with straw.
Cobweb	The network spread by a spider to catch its prey.
Cobweb	A snare of insidious meshes designed to catch the ignorant and unwary.
Cobweb	That which is thin and unsubstantial, or flimsy and worthless; rubbish.
Cobweb	The European spotted flycatcher.
Cobwebbed	Abounding in cobwebs.
Cobwebby	Abounding in cobwebs, or any fine web; resembling a cobweb.
Cobwork	Built of logs, etc., laid horizontally, with the ends dovetailed together at the corners, as in a log house; in marine work, often surrounding a central space filled with stones; as, a cobwork dock or breakwater.
Coca	The dried leaf of a South American shrub (Erythroxylon Coca). In med., called Erythroxylon.
Cocagne	An imaginary country of idleness and luxury.
Cocagne	The land of cockneys; cockneydom; -- a term applied to London and its suburbs.
Cocaine	A powerful alkaloid, C17H21NO4, obtained from the leaves of coca. It is a bitter, white, crystalline substance, and is remarkable for producing local insensibility to pain.
Cocciferous	Bearing or producing berries; bacciferous; as, cocciferous trees or plants.
Coccinella	A genus of small beetles of many species. They and their larvae feed on aphids or plant lice, and hence are of great benefit to man. Also called ladybirds and ladybugs.
Coccobacteria	of Coccobacterium
Coccobacterium	One of the round variety of bacteria, a vegetable organism, generally less than a thousandth of a millimeter in diameter.
Coccolite	A granular variety of pyroxene, green or white in color.
Coccolith	One of a kind of minute, calcareous bodies, probably vegetable, often abundant in deep-sea mud.
Coccosphere	A small, rounded, marine organism, capable of braking up into coccoliths.
Coccosteus	An extinct genus of Devonian ganoid fishes, having the broad plates about the head studded with berrylike tubercles.
Cocculus Indicus	The fruit or berry of the Anamirta Cocculus, a climbing plant of the East Indies. It is a poisonous narcotic and stimulant.
Cocci	of Coccus
Coccus	One of the separable carpels of a dry fruit.
Coccus	A genus of hemipterous insects, including scale insects, and the cochineal insect (Coccus cacti).
Coccus	A form of bacteria, shaped like a globule.
Coccygeal	Of or pertaining to the coccyx; as, the coccygeal vertebrae.
Coccygeous	Coccygeal.
Coccyges	of Coccyx
Coccyx	The end of the vertebral column beyond the sacrum in man and tailless monkeys. It is composed of several vertebrae more or less consolidated.
Cochineal	A dyestuff consisting of the dried bodies of females of the Coccus cacti, an insect native in Mexico, Central America, etc., and found on several species of cactus, esp. Opuntia cochinellifera.
Cochineal fig	A plant of Central and Southern America, of the Cactus family, extensively cultivated for the sake of the cochineal insect, which lives on it.
Cochin fowl	A large variety of the domestic fowl, originally from Cochin China (Anam).
Cochlea	An appendage of the labyrinth of the internal ear, which is elongated and coiled into a spiral in mammals. See Ear.
Cochlear	Of or pertaining to the cochlea.
Cochleare	A spoon.
Cochleare	A spoonful.
Cocleariform	Spoon-shaped.
Cochleary	Same as Cochleate.
Cochleate	Alt. of Cochleated
Cochleated	Having the form of a snail shell; spiral; turbinated.
Cock	The male of birds, particularly of gallinaceous or domestic fowls.
Cock	A vane in the shape of a cock; a weathercock.
Cock	A chief man; a leader or master.
Cock	The crow of a cock, esp. the first crow in the morning; cockcrow.
Cock	A faucet or valve.
Cock	The style of gnomon of a dial.
Cock	The indicator of a balance.
Cock	The bridge piece which affords a bearing for the pivot of a balance in a clock or watch.
Cocked	of Cock
Cocking	of Cock
Cock	To set erect; to turn up.
Cock	To shape, as a hat, by turning up the brim.
Cock	To set on one side in a pert or jaunty manner.
Cock	To turn (the eye) obliquely and partially close its lid, as an expression of derision or insinuation.
Cock	To strut; to swagger; to look big, pert, or menacing.
Cock	The act of cocking; also, the turn so given; as, a cock of the eyes; to give a hat a saucy cock.
Cock	The notch of an arrow or crossbow.
Cock	The hammer in the lock of a firearm.
Cock	To draw the hammer of (a firearm) fully back and set it for firing.
Cock	To draw back the hammer of a firearm, and set it for firing.
Cock	A small concial pile of hay.
Cock	To put into cocks or heaps, as hay.
Cock	A small boat.
Cock	A corruption or disguise of the word God, used in oaths.
Cockade	A badge, usually in the form of a rosette, or knot, and generally worn upon the hat; -- used as an indication of military or naval service, or party allegiance, and in England as a part of the livery to indicate that the wearer is the servant of a military or naval officer.
Cockaded	Wearing a cockade.
Cock-a-hoop	Boastful; defiant; exulting. Also used adverbially.
Cockal	A game played with sheep's bones instead of dice
Cockal	The bone used in playing the game; -- called also huckle bone.
Cockaleekie	A favorite soup in Scotland, made from a capon highly seasoned, and boiled with leeks and prunes.
Cockamaroo	The Russian variety of bagatelle.
Cockateel	An Australian parrot (Calopsitta Novae-Hollandiae); -- so called from its note.
Cockatoo	A bird of the Parrot family, of the subfamily Cacatuinae, having a short, strong, and much curved beak, and the head ornamented with a crest, which can be raised or depressed at will. There are several genera and many species; as the broad-crested (Plictolophus, / Cacatua, cristatus), the sulphur-crested (P. galeritus), etc. The palm or great black cockatoo of Australia is Microglossus aterrimus.
Cockatrice	A fabulous serpent whose breath and look were said to be fatal. See Basilisk.
Cockatrice	A representation of this serpent. It has the head, wings, and legs of a bird, and tail of a serpent.
Cockatrice	A venomous serpent which which cannot now be identified.
Cockatrice	Any venomous or deadly thing.
Cockbill	To tilt up one end of so as to make almost vertical; as, to cockbill the yards as a sign of mourning.
Cockboat	A small boat, esp. one used on rivers or near the shore.
Cock-brained	Giddy; rash.
Cockchafer	A beetle of the genus Melolontha (esp. M. vulgaris) and allied genera; -- called also May bug, chafer, or dorbeetle.
Cockcrow	Alt. of Cockcrowing
Cockcrowing	The time at which cocks first crow; the early morning.
Cockered	of Cocker
Cockering	of Cocker
Cocker	To treat with too great tenderness; to fondle; to indulge; to pamper.
Cocker	One given to cockfighting.
Cocker	A small dog of the spaniel kind, used for starting up woodcocks, etc.
Cocker	A rustic high shoe or half-boots.
Cockerel	A young cock.
Cocket	Pert; saucy.
Cocket	A customhouse seal; a certified document given to a shipper as a warrant that his goods have been duly entered and have paid duty.
Cocket	An office in a customhouse where goods intended for export are entered.
Cocket	A measure for bread.
Cockeye	A squinting eye.
Cockeye	The socket in the ball of a millstone, which sits on the cockhead.
Cockfight	A match or contest of gamecocks.
Cockfighting	The act or practice of pitting gamecocks to fight.
Cockfighting	Addicted to cockfighting.
Cockhead	The rounded or pointed top of a grinding mill spindle, forming a pivot on which the stone is balanced.
Cockhorse	A child's rocking-horse.
Cockhorse	A high or tall horse.
Cockhorse	Lifted up, as one is on a tall horse.
Cockhorse	Lofty in feeling; exultant; proud; upstart.
Cockieleekie	Same as Cockaleekie.
Cocking	Cockfighting.
Cockle	A bivalve mollusk, with radiating ribs, of the genus Cardium, especially C. edule, used in Europe for food; -- sometimes applied to similar shells of other genera.
Cockle	A cockleshell.
Cockle	The mineral black tourmaline or schorl; -- so called by the Cornish miners.
Cockle	The fire chamber of a furnace.
Cockle	A hop-drying kiln; an oast.
Cockle	The dome of a heating furnace.
Cockled	of Cockle
Cockling	of Cockle
Cockle	To cause to contract into wrinkles or ridges, as some kinds of cloth after a wetting.
Cockle	A plant or weed that grows among grain; the corn rose (Luchnis Githage).
Cockle	The Lotium, or darnel.
Cocklebur	A coarse, composite weed, having a rough or prickly fruit; one of several species of the genus Xanthium; -- called also clotbur.
Cockled	Inclosed in a shell.
Cockled	Wrinkled; puckered.
Cockler	One who takes and sells cockles.
Cockleshell	One of the shells or valves of a cockle.
Cockleshell	A light boat.
Cockloft	An upper loft; a garret; the highest room in a building.
Cockmaster	One who breeds gamecocks.
Cockmatch	A cockfight.
Cockneys	of Cockney
Cockney	An effeminate person; a spoilt child.
Cockney	A native or resident of the city of London; -- used contemptuously.
Cockney	Of or relating to, or like, cockneys.
Cockneydom	The region or home of cockneys; cockneys, collectively.
Cockneyfy	To form with the manners or character of a cockney.
Cockneyish	Characteristic of, or resembling, cockneys.
Cockneyism	The characteristics, manners, or dialect, of a cockney.
Cock-padle	See Lumpfish.
Cockpit	A pit, or inclosed area, for cockfights.
Cockpit	The Privy Council room at Westminster; -- so called because built on the site of the cockpit of Whitehall palace.
Cockpit	That part of a war vessel appropriated to the wounded during an engagement.
Cockpit	In yachts and other small vessels, a space lower than the rest of the deck, which affords easy access to the cabin.
Cockroach	An orthopterous insect of the genus Blatta, and allied genera.
Cockscomb	See Coxcomb.
Cockscomb	A plant (Celosia cristata), of many varieties, cultivated for its broad, fantastic spikes of brilliant flowers; -- sometimes called garden cockscomb. Also the Pedicularis, or lousewort, the Rhinanthus Crista-galli, and the Onobrychis Crista-galli.
Cockshead	A leguminous herb (Onobrychis Caput-galli), having small spiny-crested pods.
Cockshut	A kind of net to catch woodcock.
Cockshy	A game in which trinkets are set upon sticks, to be thrown at by the players; -- so called from an ancient popular sport which consisted in "shying" or throwing cudgels at live cocks.
Cockshy	An object at which stones are flung.
Cockspur	A variety of Crataegus, or hawthorn (C. Crus-galli), having long, straight thorns; -- called also Cockspur thorn.
Cocksure	Perfectly safe.
Cocksure	Quite certain.
Cockswain	The steersman of a boat; a petty officer who has charge of a boat and its crew.
Cocktail	A beverage made of brandy, whisky, or gin, iced, flavored, and sweetened.
Cocktail	A horse, not of pure breed, but having only one eighth or one sixteenth impure blood in his veins.
Cocktail	A mean, half-hearted fellow; a coward.
Cocktail	A species of rove beetle; -- so called from its habit of elevating the tail.
Cockup	A large, highly esteemed, edible fish of India (Lates calcarifer); -- also called begti.
Cockweed	Peppergrass.
Cocky	Pert.
Coco	Alt. of Coco palm
Coco palm	See Cocoa.
Cocoa	Alt. of Cocoa palm
Cocoa palm	A palm tree producing the cocoanut (Cocos nucifera). It grows in nearly all tropical countries, attaining a height of sixty or eighty feet. The trunk is without branches, and has a tuft of leaves at the top, each being fifteen or twenty feet in length, and at the base of these the nuts hang in clusters; the cocoanut tree.
Cocoa	A preparation made from the seeds of the chocolate tree, and used in making, a beverage; also the beverage made from cocoa or cocoa shells.
Cocoanut	The large, hard-shelled nut of the cocoa palm. It yields an agreeable milky liquid and a white meat or albumen much used as food and in making oil.
Cocobolo	Alt. of Cocobolas
Cocobolas	A very beautiful and hard wood, obtained in the West India Islands. It is used in cabinetmaking, for the handles of tools, and for various fancy articles.
Cocoon	An oblong case in which the silkworm lies in its chrysalis state. It is formed of threads of silk spun by the worm just before leaving the larval state. From these the silk of commerce is prepared.
Cocoon	The case constructed by any insect to contain its larva or pupa.
Cocoon	The case of silk made by spiders to protect their eggs.
Cocoon	The egg cases of mucus, etc., made by leeches and other worms.
Cocoonery	A building or apartment for silkworms, when feeding and forming cocoons.
Coctible	Capable of being cooked.
Coctile	Made by baking, or exposing to heat, as a brick.
Coction	Act of boiling.
Coction	Digestion.
Coction	The change which the humorists believed morbific matter undergoes before elimination.
Cocus wood	A West Indian wood, used for making flutes and other musical instruments.
Cod	A husk; a pod; as, a peascod.
Cod	A small bag or pouch.
Cod	The scrotum.
Cod	A pillow or cushion.
Cod	An important edible fish (Gadus morrhua), taken in immense numbers on the northern coasts of Europe and America. It is especially abundant and large on the Grand Bank of Newfoundland. It is salted and dried in large quantities.
Coda	A few measures added beyond the natural termination of a composition.
Codder	A gatherer of cods or peas.
Codding	Lustful.
Coddled	of Coddle
Coddling	of Coddle
Coddle	To parboil, or soften by boiling.
Coddle	To treat with excessive tenderness; to pamper.
Coddymoddy	A gull in the plumage of its first year.
Code	A body of law, sanctioned by legislation, in which the rules of law to be specifically applied by the courts are set forth in systematic form; a compilation of laws by public authority; a digest.
Code	Any system of rules or regulations relating to one subject; as, the medical code, a system of rules for the regulation of the professional conduct of physicians; the naval code, a system of rules for making communications at sea means of signals.
Codefendant	A joint defendant.
Codeine	One of the opium alkaloids; a white crystalline substance, C18H21NO3, similar to and regarded as a derivative of morphine, but much feebler in its action; -- called also codeia.
Codetta	A short passage connecting two sections, but not forming part of either; a short coda.
Codices	of Codex
Codex	A book; a manuscript.
Codex	A collection or digest of laws; a code.
Codex	An ancient manuscript of the Sacred Scriptures, or any part of them, particularly the New Testament.
Codex	A collection of canons.
Codfish	A kind of fish. Same as Cod.
Codger	A miser or mean person.
Codger	A singular or odd person; -- a familiar, humorous, or depreciatory appellation.
Codical	Relating to a codex, or a code.
Codicil	A clause added to a will.
Codicillary	Of the nature of a codicil.
Codification	The act or process of codifying or reducing laws to a code.
Codifier	One who codifies.
Codified	of Codify
Codifying	of Codify
Codify	To reduce to a code, as laws.
Codilla	The coarse tow of flax and hemp.
Codille	A term at omber, signifying that the game is won.
Codist	A codifier; a maker of codes.
Codle	See Coddle.
Codlin	Alt. of Codling
Codling	An apple fit to stew or coddle.
Codling	An immature apple.
Codling	A young cod; also, a hake.
Cod liver	The liver of the common cod and allied species.
Codpiece	A part of male dress in front of the breeches, formerly made very conspicuous.
Coecilian	See Caecilian.
Coeducation	An educating together, as of persons of different sexes or races.
Coefficacy	Joint efficacy.
Coefficiency	Joint efficiency; cooperation.
Coefficient	Cooperating; acting together to produce an effect.
Coefficient	That which unites in action with something else to produce the same effect.
Coefficient	A number or letter put before a letter or quantity, known or unknown, to show how many times the latter is to be taken; as, 6x; bx; here 6 and b are coefficients of x.
Coefficient	A number, commonly used in computation as a factor, expressing the amount of some change or effect under certain fixed conditions as to temperature, length, volume, etc.; as, the coefficient of expansion; the coefficient of friction.
Coehorn	A small bronze mortar mounted on a wooden block with handles, and light enough to be carried short distances by two men.
Coelacanth	Having hollow spines, as some ganoid fishes.
Coelentera	Alt. of Coelenterata
Coelenterata	A comprehensive group of Invertebrata, mostly marine, comprising the Anthozoa, Hydrozoa, and Ctenophora. The name implies that the stomach and body cavities are one. The group is sometimes enlarged so as to include the sponges.
Coelenterate	Belonging to the Coelentera.
Coelenterate	One of the Coelentera.
Coelia	A cavity.
Coeliac	Alt. of Celiac
Celiac	Relating to the abdomen, or to the cavity of the abdomen.
Coelodont	Having hollow teeth; -- said of a group lizards.
Coelodont	One of a group of lizards having hollow teeth.
Coelospermous	Hollow-seeded; having the ventral face of the seedlike carpels incurved at the ends, as in coriander seed.
Coelum	See Body cavity, under Body.
Coemption	The act of buying the whole quantity of any commodity.
Coendoo	The Brazilian porcupine (Cercolades, / Sphingurus, prehensiles), remarkable for its prehensile tail.
Coenenchym	Alt. of Coenenchyma
Coenenchyma	The common tissue which unites the polyps or zooids of a compound anthozoan or coral. It may be soft or more or less ossified. See Coral.
Coenesthesis	Common sensation or general sensibility, as distinguished from the special sensations which are located in, or ascribed to, separate organs, as the eye and ear. It is supposed to depend on the ganglionic system.
Coenobite	See Cenobite.
Coenoecium	The common tissue which unites the various zooids of a bryozoan.
Coenogamy	The state of a community which permits promiscuous sexual intercourse among its members; -- as in certain primitive tribes or communistic societies.
Coenosarc	The common soft tissue which unites the polyps of a compound hydroid. See Hydroidea.
Coenurus	The larval stage of a tapeworm (Taenia coenurus) which forms bladderlike sacs in the brain of sheep, causing the fatal disease known as water brain, vertigo, staggers or gid.
Coequal	Being on an equality in rank or power.
Coequal	One who is on an equality with another.
Coequality	The state of being on an equality, as in rank or power.
Coequally	With coequality.
Coerced	of Coerce
Coercing	of Coerce
Coerce	To restrain by force, especially by law or authority; to repress; to curb.
Coerce	To compel or constrain to any action; as, to coerce a man to vote for a certain candidate.
Coerce	To compel or enforce; as, to coerce obedience.
Coercible	Capable of being coerced.
Coercion	The act or process of coercing.
Coercion	The application to another of either physical or moral force. When the force is physical, and cannot be resisted, then the act produced by it is a nullity, so far as concerns the party coerced. When the force is moral, then the act, though voidable, is imputable to the party doing it, unless he be so paralyzed by terror as to act convulsively. At the same time coercion is not negatived by the fact of submission under force. "Coactus volui" (I consented under compulsion) is the condition of mind which, when there is volition forced by coercion, annuls the result of such coercion.
Coercitive	Coercive.
Coercive	Serving or intended to coerce; having power to constrain.
Coerulignone	A bluish violet, crystalline substance obtained in the purification of crude wood vinegar. It is regarded as a complex quinone derivative of diphenyl; -- called also cedriret.
Coessential	Partaking of the same essence.
Coessentiality	Participation of the same essence.
Coestablishment	Joint establishment.
Coestate	Joint estate.
Coetanean	A person coetaneous with another; a contemporary.
Coetaneous	Of the same age; beginning to exist at the same time; contemporaneous.
Coeternal	Equally eternal.
Coeternity	Existence from eternity equally with another eternal being; equal eternity.
Coeval	Of the same age; existing during the same period of time, especially time long and remote; -- usually followed by with.
Coeval	One of the same age; a contemporary.
Coevous	Coeval
Coexecutor	A joint executor.
Coexecutrix	A joint executrix.
Coexisted	of Coexist
Coexisting	of Coexist
Coexist	To exist at the same time; -- sometimes followed by with.
Coexistence	Existence at the same time with another; -- contemporary existence.
Coexistent	Existing at the same time with another.
Coexistent	That which coexists with another.
Coexisting	Coexistent.
Coextended	of Coextend
Coextending	of Coextend
Coextend	To extend through the same space or time with another; to extend to the same degree.
Coextension	The act of extending equally, or the state of being equally extended.
Coextensive	Equally extensive; having equal extent; as, consciousness and knowledge are coextensive.
Coffee	The "beans" or "berries" (pyrenes) obtained from the drupes of a small evergreen tree of the genus Coffea, growing in Abyssinia, Arabia, Persia, and other warm regions of Asia and Africa, and also in tropical America.
Coffee	The coffee tree.
Coffee	The beverage made from the roasted and ground berry.
Coffeehouse	A house of entertainment, where guests are supplied with coffee and other refreshments, and where men meet for conversation.
Coffeeman	One who keeps a coffeehouse.
Coffeepot	A covered pot in which coffee is prepared, or is brought upon the table for drinking.
Coffeeroom	A public room where coffee and other refreshments may be obtained.
Coffer	A casket, chest, or trunk; especially, one used for keeping money or other valuables.
Coffer	Fig.: Treasure or funds; -- usually in the plural.
Coffer	A panel deeply recessed in the ceiling of a vault, dome, or portico; a caisson.
Coffer	A trench dug in the bottom of a dry moat, and extending across it, to enable the besieged to defend it by a raking fire.
Coffer	The chamber of a canal lock; also, a caisson or a cofferdam.
Coffer	To put into a coffer.
Coffer	To secure from leaking, as a shaft, by ramming clay behind the masonry or timbering.
Coffer	To form with or in a coffer or coffers; to furnish with a coffer or coffers.
Cofferdam	A water-tight inclosure, as of piles packed with clay, from which the water is pumped to expose the bottom (of a river, etc.) and permit the laying of foundations, building of piers, etc.
Cofferer	One who keeps treasures in a coffer.
Cofferwork	Rubblework faced with stone.
Coffin	The case in which a dead human body is inclosed for burial.
Coffin	A basket.
Coffin	A casing or crust, or a mold, of pastry, as for a pie.
Coffin	A conical paper bag, used by grocers.
Coffin	The hollow crust or hoof of a horse's foot, below the coronet, in which is the coffin bone.
Coffined	of Coffin
Coffining	of Coffin
Coffin	To inclose in, or as in, a coffin.
Coffinless	Having no coffin.
Coffle	A gang of negro slaves being driven to market.
Cogged	of Cog
Cogging	of Cog
Cog	To seduce, or draw away, by adulation, artifice, or falsehood; to wheedle; to cozen; to cheat.
Cog	To obtrude or thrust in, by falsehood or deception; as, to cog in a word; to palm off.
Cog	To deceive; to cheat; to play false; to lie; to wheedle; to cajole.
Cog	A trick or deception; a falsehood.
Cog	A tooth, cam, or catch for imparting or receiving motion, as on a gear wheel, or a lifter or wiper on a shaft; originally, a separate piece of wood set in a mortise in the face of a wheel.
Cog	A kind of tenon on the end of a joist, received into a notch in a bearing timber, and resting flush with its upper surface.
Cog	A tenon in a scarf joint; a coak.
Cog	One of the rough pillars of stone or coal left to support the roof of a mine.
Cog	To furnish with a cog or cogs.
Cog	A small fishing boat.
Cogency	The quality of being cogent; power of compelling conviction; conclusiveness; force.
Cogenial	Congenial.
Cogent	Compelling, in a physical sense; powerful.
Cogent	Having the power to compel conviction or move the will; constraining; conclusive; forcible; powerful; not easily reasisted.
Cogently	In a cogent manner; forcibly; convincingly; conclusively.
Cogger	A flatterer or deceiver; a sharper.
Coggery	Trick; deception.
Coggle	A small fishing boat.
Coggle	A cobblestone.
Cogitability	The quality of being cogitable; conceivableness.
Cogitable	Capable of being brought before the mind as a thought or idea; conceivable; thinkable.
Cogitabund	Full of thought; thoughtful.
Cogitated	of Cogitate
Cogitating	of Cogitate
Cogitate	To engage in continuous thought; to think.
Cogitate	To think over; to plan.
Cogitation	The act of thinking; thought; meditation; contemplation.
Cogitative	Possessing, or pertaining to, the power of thinking or meditating.
Cogitative	Given to thought or contemplation.
Cogman	A dealer in cogware or coarse cloth.
Cognac	A kind of French brandy, so called from the town of Cognac.
Cognate	Allied by blood; kindred by birth; specifically (Law), related on the mother's side.
Cognate	Of the same or a similar nature; of the same family; proceeding from the same stock or root; allied; kindred; as, a cognate language.
Cognate	One who is related to another on the female side.
Cognate	One of a number of things allied in origin or nature; as, certain letters are cognates.
Cognateness	The state of being cognate.
Cognati	Relatives by the mother's side.
Cognation	Relationship by blood; descent from the same original; kindred.
Cognation	Participation of the same nature.
Cognation	That tie of consanguinity which exists between persons descended from the same mother; -- used in distinction from agnation.
Cognatus	A person connected through cognation.
Cognisor	Alt. of Cognisee
Cognisee	See Cognizor, Cognizee.
Cognition	The act of knowing; knowledge; perception.
Cognition	That which is known.
Cognitive	Knowing, or apprehending by the understanding; as, cognitive power.
Cognizable	Capable of being known or apprehended; as, cognizable causes.
Cognizable	Fitted to be a subject of judicial investigation; capable of being judicially heard and determined.
Cognizably	In a cognizable manner.
Cognizance	Apprehension by the understanding; perception; observation.
Cognizance	Recollection; recognition.
Cognizance	Jurisdiction, or the power given by law to hear and decide controversies.
Cognizance	The hearing a matter judicially.
Cognizance	An acknowledgment of a fine of lands and tenements or confession of a thing done.
Cognizance	A form of defense in the action of replevin, by which the defendant insists that the goods were lawfully taken, as a distress, by defendant, acting as servant for another.
Cognizance	The distinguishing mark worn by an armed knight, usually upon the helmet, and by his retainers and followers: Hence, in general, a badge worn by a retainer or dependent, to indicate the person or party to which he belonged; a token by which a thing may be known.
Cognizant	Having cognizance or knowledge. (of).
Cognize	To know or perceive; to recognize.
Cognizee	One to whom a fine of land was acknowledged.
Cognizor	One who acknowledged the right of the plaintiff or cognizee in a fine; the defendant.
Cognomen	The last of the three names of a person among the ancient Romans, denoting his house or family.
Cognomen	A surname.
Cognominal	Of or pertaining to a cognomen; of the nature of a surname.
Cognominal	One bearing the same name; a namesake.
Cognomination	A cognomen or surname.
Cognoscence	Cognizance.
Cognoscenti	of Cognoscente
Cognoscente	A connoisseur.
Cognoscibility	The quality of being cognoscible.
Cognoscible	Capable of being known.
Cognoscible	Liable to judicial investigation.
Cognoscitive	Having the power of knowing.
Cognovit	An instrument in writing whereby a defendant in an action acknowledges a plaintiff's demand to be just.
Coguardian	A joint guardian.
Cogue	A small wooden vessel; a pail.
Cogware	A coarse, narrow cloth, like frieze, used by the lower classes in the sixteenth century.
Cogwheel	A wheel with cogs or teeth; a gear wheel. See Illust. of Gearing.
Cohabited	of Cohabit
Cohabiting	of Cohabit
Cohabit	To inhabit or reside in company, or in the same place or country.
Cohabit	To dwell or live together as husband and wife.
Cohabitant	One who dwells with another, or in the same place or country.
Cohabitation	The act or state of dwelling together, or in the same place with another.
Cohabitation	The living together of a man and woman in supposed sexual relationship.
Cohabiter	A cohabitant.
Coheir	A joint heir; one of two or more heirs; one of several entitled to an inheritance.
Coheiress	A female heir who inherits with other heiresses; a joint heiress.
Coheirship	The state of being a coheir.
Coherald	A joint herald.
Cohered	of Cohere
Cohering	of Cohere
Cohere	To stick together; to cleave; to be united; to hold fast, as parts of the same mass.
Cohere	To be united or connected together in subordination to one purpose; to follow naturally and logically, as the parts of a discourse, or as arguments in a train of reasoning; to be logically consistent.
Cohere	To suit; to agree; to fit.
Coherence	Alt. of Coherency
Coherency	A sticking or cleaving together; union of parts of the same body; cohesion.
Coherency	Connection or dependence, proceeding from the subordination of the parts of a thing to one principle or purpose, as in the parts of a discourse, or of a system of philosophy; consecutiveness.
Coherent	Sticking together; cleaving; as the parts of bodies; solid or fluid.
Coherent	Composed of mutually dependent parts; making a logical whole; consistent; as, a coherent plan, argument, or discourse.
Coherent	Logically consistent; -- applied to persons; as, a coherent thinker.
Coherent	Suitable or suited; adapted; accordant.
Coherently	In a coherent manner.
Cohesibility	The state of being cohesible.
Cohesible	Capable of cohesion.
Cohesion	The act or state of sticking together; close union.
Cohesion	That from of attraction by which the particles of a body are united throughout the mass, whether like or unlike; -- distinguished from adhesion, which unites bodies by their adjacent surfaces.
Cohesion	Logical agreement and dependence; as, the cohesion of ideas.
Cohesive	Holding the particles of a homogeneous body together; as, cohesive attraction; producing cohesion; as, a cohesive force.
Cohesive	Cohering, or sticking together, as in a mass; capable of cohering; tending to cohere; as, cohesive clay.
Cohibited	of Cohibit
Cohibiting	of Cohibit
Cohibit	To restrain.
Cohibition	Hindrance; restraint.
Cohobated	of Cohobate
Cohobating	of Cohobate
Cohobate	To repeat the distillation of, pouring the liquor back upon the matter remaining in the vessel.
Cohobation	The process of cohobating.
Cohorn	See Coehorn.
Cohort	A body of about five or six hundred soldiers; the tenth part of a legion.
Cohort	Any band or body of warriors.
Cohort	A natural group of orders of plants, less comprehensive than a class.
Cohosh	A perennial American herb (Caulophyllum thalictroides), whose rootstock is used in medicine; -- also called pappoose root. The name is sometimes also given to the Cimicifuga racemosa, and to two species of Actaea, plants of the Crowfoot family.
Coif	A cap.
Coif	A close-fitting cap covering the sides of the head, like a small hood without a cape.
Coif	An official headdress, such as that worn by certain judges in England.
Coif	To cover or dress with, or as with, a coif.
Coifed	Wearing a coif.
Coiffure	A headdress, or manner of dressing the hair.
Coigne	A quoin.
Coigne	Alt. of Coigny
Coigny	The practice of quartering one's self as landlord on a tenant; a quartering of one's self on anybody.
Coiled	of Coil
Coiling	of Coil
Coil	To wind cylindrically or spirally; as, to coil a rope when not in use; the snake coiled itself before springing.
Coil	To encircle and hold with, or as with, coils.
Coil	To wind itself cylindrically or spirally; to form a coil; to wind; -- often with about or around.
Coil	A ring, series of rings, or spiral, into which a rope, or other like thing, is wound.
Coil	Fig.: Entanglement; toil; mesh; perplexity.
Coil	A series of connected pipes in rows or layers, as in a steam heating apparatus.
Coil	A noise, tumult, bustle, or confusion.
Coilon	A testicle.
Coin	A quoin; a corner or external angle; a wedge. See Coigne, and Quoin.
Coin	A piece of metal on which certain characters are stamped by government authority, making it legally current as money; -- much used in a collective sense.
Coin	That which serves for payment or recompense.
Coined	of Coin
Coining	of Coin
Coin	To make of a definite fineness, and convert into coins, as a mass of metal; to mint; to manufacture; as, to coin silver dollars; to coin a medal.
Coin	To make or fabricate; to invent; to originate; as, to coin a word.
Coin	To acquire rapidly, as money; to make.
Coin	To manufacture counterfeit money.
Coinage	The act or process of converting metal into money.
Coinage	Coins; the aggregate coin of a time or place.
Coinage	The cost or expense of coining money.
Coinage	The act or process of fabricating or inventing; formation; fabrication; that which is fabricated or forged.
Coincided	of Coincide
Coinciding	of Coincide
Coincide	To occupy the same place in space, as two equal triangles, when placed one on the other.
Coincide	To occur at the same time; to be contemporaneous; as, the fall of Granada coincided with the discovery of America.
Coincide	To correspond exactly; to agree; to concur; as, our aims coincide.
Coincidence	The condition of occupying the same place in space; as, the coincidence of circles, surfaces, etc.
Coincidence	The condition or fact of happening at the same time; as, the coincidence of the deaths of John Adams and Thomas Jefferson.
Coincidence	Exact correspondence in nature, character, result, circumstances, etc.; concurrence; agreement.
Coincibency	Coincidence.
Coincident	Having coincidence; occupying the same place; contemporaneous; concurrent; -- followed by with.
Coincident	One of two or more coincident events; a coincidence.
Coincidental	Coincident.
Coincidently	With coincidence.
Coincider	One who coincides with another in an opinion.
Coindication	One of several signs or symptoms indicating the same fact; as, a coindication of disease.
Coiner	One who makes or stamps coin; a maker of money; -- usually, a maker of counterfeit money.
Coiner	An inventor or maker, as of words.
Coinhabitant	One who dwells with another, or with others.
Coinhere	To inhere or exist together, as in one substance.
Coinheritance	Joint inheritance.
Coinheritor	A coheir.
Coinitial	Having a common beginning.
Coinquinate	To pollute.
Coinquination	Defilement.
Coinstantaneous	Happening at the same instant.
Cointense	Equal in intensity or degree; as, the relations between 6 and 12, and 8 and 16, are cointense.
Cointension	The condition of being of equal in intensity; -- applied to relations; as, 3:6 and 6:12 are relations of cointension.
Coir	A material for cordage, matting, etc., consisting of the prepared fiber of the outer husk of the cocoanut.
Coir	Cordage or cables, made of this material.
Coistril	An inferior groom or lad employed by an esquire to carry the knight's arms and other necessaries.
Coistril	A mean, paltry fellow; a coward.
Coit	A quoit.
Coit	To throw, as a stone. [Obs.] See Quoit.
Coition	A coming together; sexual intercourse; copulation.
Cojoin	To join; to conjoin.
Cojuror	One who swears to another's credibility.
Coke	Mineral coal charred, or depriver of its bitumen, sulphur, or other volatile matter by roasting in a kiln or oven, or by distillation, as in gas works. It is lagerly used where / smokeless fire is required.
Coke	To convert into coke.
Cokenay	A cockney.
Cokernut	The cocoanut.
Cokes	A simpleton; a gull; a dupe.
Cokewold	Cuckold.
Col-	A prefix signifying with, together. See Com-.
Col	A short ridge connecting two higher elevations or mountains; the pass over such a ridge.
Colaborer	One who labors with another; an associate in labor.
Colander	A utensil with a bottom perforated with little holes for straining liquids, mashed vegetable pulp, etc.; a strainer of wickerwork, perforated metal, or the like.
Colation	The act or process of straining or filtering.
Colatitude	The complement of the latitude, or the difference between any latitude and ninety degrees.
Colature	The process of straining; the matter strained; a strainer.
Colbertine	A kind of lace.
Colchicine	A powerful vegetable alkaloid, C17H19NO5, extracted from the Colchicum autumnale, or meadow saffron, as a white or yellowish amorphous powder, with a harsh, bitter taste; -- called also colchicia.
Colchicum	A genus of bulbous-rooted plants found in many parts of Europe, including the meadow saffron.
Colcothar	Polishing rouge; a reddish brown oxide of iron, used in polishing glass, and also as a pigment; -- called also crocus Martis.
Cold	Deprived of heat, or having a low temperature; not warm or hot; gelid; frigid.
Cold	Lacking the sensation of warmth; suffering from the absence of heat; chilly; shivering; as, to be cold.
Cold	Not pungent or acrid.
Cold	Wanting in ardor, intensity, warmth, zeal, or passion; spiritless; unconcerned; reserved.
Cold	Unwelcome; disagreeable; unsatisfactory.
Cold	Wanting in power to excite; dull; uninteresting.
Cold	Affecting the sense of smell (as of hunting dogs) but feebly; having lost its odor; as, a cold scent.
Cold	Not sensitive; not acute.
Cold	Distant; -- said, in the game of hunting for some object, of a seeker remote from the thing concealed.
Cold	Having a bluish effect. Cf. Warm, 8.
Cold	The relative absence of heat or warmth.
Cold	The sensation produced by the escape of heat; chilliness or chillness.
Cold	A morbid state of the animal system produced by exposure to cold or dampness; a catarrh.
Cold	To become cold.
Cold-blooded	Having cold blood; -- said of fish or animals whose blood is but little warmer than the water or air about them.
Cold-blooded	Deficient in sensibility or feeling; hard-hearted.
Cold-blooded	Not thoroughbred; -- said of animals, as horses, which are derived from the common stock of a country.
Coldfinch	A British wagtail.
Cold-hearted	Wanting passion or feeling; indifferent.
Coldish	Somewhat cold; cool; chilly.
Coldly	In a cold manner; without warmth, animation, or feeling; with indifference; calmly.
Coldness	The state or quality of being cold.
Cold-short	Brittle when cold; as, cold-short iron.
Cold-shut	Closed while too cold to become thoroughly welded; -- said of a forging or casting.
Cold-shut	An imperfection caused by such insufficient welding.
Cole	A plant of the Brassica or Cabbage genus; esp. that form of B. oleracea called rape and coleseed.
Co-legatee	A joint legatee.
Colegoose	See Coalgoose.
Colemanite	A hydrous borate of lime occurring in transparent colorless or white crystals, also massive, in Southern California.
Colemouse	See Coletit.
Coleopter	One of the Coleoptera.
Coleoptera	An order of insects having the anterior pair of wings (elytra) hard and horny, and serving as coverings for the posterior pair, which are membranous, and folded transversely under the others when not in use. The mouth parts form two pairs of jaws (mandibles and maxillae) adapted for chewing. Most of the Coleoptera are known as beetles and weevils.
Coleopteral	Alt. of Coleopterous
Coleopterous	Having wings covered with a case or sheath; belonging to the Coleoptera.
Coleopteran	One of the order of Coleoptera.
Coleopterist	One versed in the study of the Coleoptera.
Coleorhiza	A sheath in the embryo of grasses, inclosing the caulicle.
Coleperch	A kind of small black perch.
Colera	Bile; choler.
Coleridgian	Pertaining to Samuel Taylor Coleridge, or to his poetry or metaphysics.
Coleseed	The common rape or cole.
Coleslaw	A salad made of sliced cabbage.
Co-lessee	A partner in a lease taken.
Co-lessor	A partner in giving a lease.
Colestaff	See Colstaff.
Colet	Alt. of Collet
Collet	An inferior church servant. [Obs.] See Acolyte.
Coletit	Alt. of Coaltit
Coaltit	A small European titmouse (Parus ater), so named from its black color; -- called also coalmouse and colemouse.
Coleus	A plant of several species of the Mint family, cultivated for its bright-colored or variegated leaves.
Colewort	A variety of cabbage in which the leaves never form a compact head.
Colewort	Any white cabbage before the head has become firm.
Colfox	A crafty fox.
Colic	A severe paroxysmal pain in the abdomen, due to spasm, obstruction, or distention of some one of the hollow viscera.
Colic	Of or pertaining to colic; affecting the bowels.
Colic	Of or pertaining to the colon; as, the colic arteries.
Colical	Of, pertaining to, or of the nature of, colic.
Colicky	Pertaining to, or troubled with, colic; as, a colicky disorder.
Colicroot	A bitter American herb of the Bloodwort family, with the leaves all radical, and the small yellow or white flowers in a long spike (Aletris farinosa and A. aurea). Called sometimes star grass, blackroot, blazing star, and unicorn root.
Colin	The American quail or bobwhite. The name is also applied to other related species. See Bobwhite.
Coliseum	The amphitheater of Vespasian at Rome, the largest in the world.
Colitis	An inflammation of the large intestine, esp. of its mucous membrane; colonitis.
Coll	To embrace.
Collaborateur	See Collaborator.
Collaboration	The act of working together; united labor.
Collaborator	An associate in labor, especially in literary or scientific labor.
Collagen	The chemical basis of ordinary connective tissue, as of tendons or sinews and of bone. On being boiled in water it becomes gelatin or glue.
Collagenous	Containing or resembling collagen.
Collapsed	of Collapse
Collapsing	of Collapse
Collapse	To fall together suddenly, as the sides of a hollow vessel; to close by falling or shrinking together; to have the sides or parts of (a thing) fall in together, or be crushed in together; as, a flue in the boiler of a steam engine sometimes collapses.
Collapse	To fail suddenly and completely, like something hollow when subject to too much pressure; to undergo a collapse; as, Maximilian's government collapsed soon after the French army left Mexico; many financial projects collapse after attaining some success and importance.
Collapse	A falling together suddenly, as of the sides of a hollow vessel.
Collapse	A sudden and complete failure; an utter failure of any kind; a breakdown.
Collapse	Extreme depression or sudden failing of all the vital powers, as the result of disease, injury, or nervous disturbance.
Collapsion	Collapse.
Collar	Something worn round the neck, whether for use, ornament, restraint, or identification; as, the collar of a coat; a lady's collar; the collar of a dog.
Collar	A ring or cincture.
Collar	A collar beam.
Collar	The neck or line of junction between the root of a plant and its stem.
Collar	An ornament worn round the neck by knights, having on it devices to designate their rank or order.
Collar	A ringlike part of a mollusk in connection with esophagus.
Collar	A colored ring round the neck of a bird or mammal.
Collar	A ring or round flange upon, surrounding, or against an object, and used for restraining motion within given limits, or for holding something to its place, or for hiding an opening around an object; as, a collar on a shaft, used to prevent endwise motion of the shaft; a collar surrounding a stovepipe at the place where it enters a wall. The flanges of a piston and the gland of a stuffing box are sometimes called collars.
Collar	An eye formed in the bight or bend of a shroud or stay to go over the masthead; also, a rope to which certain parts of rigging, as dead-eyes, are secured.
Collar	A curb, or a horizontal timbering, around the mouth of a shaft.
Collared	of Collar
Collaring	of Collar
Collar	To seize by the collar.
Collar	To put a collar on.
Collar bone	The clavicle.
Collards	Young cabbage, used as "greens"; esp. a kind cultivated for that purpose; colewort.
Collared	Wearing a collar.
Collared	Wearing a collar; -- said of a man or beast used as a bearing when a collar is represented as worn around the neck or loins.
Collared	Rolled up and bound close with a string; as, collared beef. See To collar beef, under Collar, v. t.
Collatable	Capable of being collated.
Collated	of Collate
Collating	of Collate
Collate	To compare critically, as books or manuscripts, in order to note the points of agreement or disagreement.
Collate	To gather and place in order, as the sheets of a book for binding.
Collate	To present and institute in a benefice, when the person presenting is both the patron and the ordinary; -- followed by to.
Collate	To bestow or confer.
Collate	To place in a benefice, when the person placing is both the patron and the ordinary.
Collateral	Coming from, being on, or directed toward, the side; as, collateral pressure.
Collateral	Acting in an indirect way.
Collateral	Related to, but not strictly a part of, the main thing or matter under consideration; hence, subordinate; not chief or principal; as, collateral interest; collateral issues.
Collateral	Tending toward the same conclusion or result as something else; additional; as, collateral evidence.
Collateral	Descending from the same stock or ancestor, but not in the same line or branch or one from the other; -- opposed to lineal.
Collateral	A collateral relative.
Collateral	Collateral security; that which is pledged or deposited as collateral security.
Collaterally	Side by side; by the side.
Collaterally	In an indirect or subordinate manner; indirectly.
Collaterally	In collateral relation; not lineally.
Collateralness	The state of being collateral.
Collation	The act of collating or comparing; a comparison of one copy er thing (as of a book, or manuscript) with another of a like kind; comparison, in general.
Collation	The gathering and examination of sheets preparatory to binding.
Collation	The act of conferring or bestowing.
Collation	A conference.
Collation	The presentation of a clergyman to a benefice by a bishop, who has it in his own gift.
Collation	The act of comparing the copy of any paper with its original to ascertain its conformity.
Collation	The report of the act made by the proper officers.
Collation	The right which an heir has of throwing the whole heritable and movable estates of the deceased into one mass, and sharing it equally with others who are of the same degree of kindred.
Collation	A collection of the Lives of the Fathers or other devout work read daily in monasteries.
Collation	A light repast or luncheon; as, a cold collation; -- first applied to the refreshment on fast days that accompanied the reading of the collation in monasteries.
Collation	To partake of a collation.
Collationer	One who examines the sheets of a book that has just been printed, to ascertain whether they are correctly printed, paged, etc.
Collatitious	Brought together; contributed; done by contributions.
Collative	Passing or held by collation; -- said of livings of which the bishop and the patron are the same person.
Collator	One who collates manuscripts, books, etc.
Collator	One who collates to a benefice.
Collator	One who confers any benefit.
Collaud	To join in praising.
Colleague	A partner or associate in some civil or ecclesiastical office or employment. It is never used of partners in trade or manufactures.
Colleague	To unite or associate with another or with others.
Colleagueship	Partnership in office.
Collected	of Collect
Collecting	of Collect
Collect	To gather into one body or place; to assemble or bring together; to obtain by gathering.
Collect	To demand and obtain payment of, as an account, or other indebtedness; as, to collect taxes.
Collect	To infer from observed facts; to conclude from premises.
Collect	To assemble together; as, the people collected in a crowd; to accumulate; as, snow collects in banks.
Collect	To infer; to conclude.
Collect	A short, comprehensive prayer, adapted to a particular day, occasion, or condition, and forming part of a liturgy.
Collectanea	Passages selected from various authors, usually for purposes of instruction; miscellany; anthology.
Collected	Gathered together.
Collected	Self-possessed; calm; composed.
Collectedly	Composedly; coolly.
Collectedness	A collected state of the mind; self-possession.
Collectible	Capable of being collected.
Collection	The act or process of collecting or of gathering; as, the collection of specimens.
Collection	That which is collected
Collection	A gathering or assemblage of objects or of persons.
Collection	A gathering of money for charitable or other purposes, as by passing a contribution box for freewill offerings.
Collection	That which is obtained in payment of demands.
Collection	An accumulation of any substance.
Collection	The act of inferring or concluding from premises or observed facts; also, that which is inferred.
Collection	The jurisdiction of a collector of excise.
Collectional	Of or pertaining to collecting.
Collective	Formed by gathering or collecting; gathered into a mass, sum, or body; congregated or aggregated; as, the collective body of a nation.
Collective	Deducing consequences; reasoning; inferring.
Collective	Expressing a collection or aggregate of individuals, by a singular form; as, a collective name or noun, like assembly, army, jury, etc.
Collective	Tending to collect; forming a collection.
Collective	Having plurality of origin or authority; as, in diplomacy, a note signed by the representatives of several governments is called a collective note.
Collective	A collective noun or name.
Collectively	In a mass, or body; in a collected state; in the aggregate; unitedly.
Collectiveness	A state of union; mass.
Collectivism	The doctrine that land and capital should be owned by society collectively or as a whole; communism.
Collectivist	An advocate of collectivism.
Collectivist	Relating to, or characteristic of, collectivism.
Collector	One who collects things which are separate; esp., one who makes a business or practice of collecting works of art, objects in natural history, etc.; as, a collector of coins.
Collector	A compiler of books; one who collects scattered passages and puts them together in one book.
Collector	An officer appointed and commissioned to collect and receive customs, duties, taxes, or toll.
Collector	One authorized to collect debts.
Collector	A bachelor of arts in Oxford, formerly appointed to superintend some scholastic proceedings in Lent.
Collectorate	The district of a collector of customs; a collectorship.
Collectorship	The office of a collector of customs or of taxes.
Collegatary	A joint legatee.
College	A collection, body, or society of persons engaged in common pursuits, or having common duties and interests, and sometimes, by charter, peculiar rights and privileges; as, a college of heralds; a college of electors; a college of bishops.
College	A society of scholars or friends of learning, incorporated for study or instruction, esp. in the higher branches of knowledge; as, the colleges of Oxford and Cambridge Universities, and many American colleges.
College	A building, or number of buildings, used by a college.
College	Fig.: A community.
Collegial	Collegiate.
Collegian	A member of a college, particularly of a literary institution so called; a student in a college.
Collegiate	Of or pertaining to a college; as, collegiate studies; a collegiate society.
Collegiate	A member of a college.
Collembola	The division of Thysanura which includes Podura, and allied forms.
Collenchyma	A tissue of vegetable cells which are thickend at the angles and (usually) elongated.
Collet	A small collar or neckband.
Collet	A small metal ring; a small collar fastened on an arbor; as, the collet on the balance arbor of a watch; a small socket on a stem, for holding a drill.
Collet	The part of a ring containing the bezel in which the stone is set.
Collet	The flat table at the base of a brilliant. See Illust. of Brilliant.
Colleterial	Of or pertaining to the colleterium of insects.
Colleterium	An organ of female insects, containing a cement to unite the ejected ova.
Colletic	Agglutinant.
Colletic	An agglutinant.
Colley	See Collie.
Collide	To strike or dash against each other; to come into collision; to clash; as, the vessels collided; their interests collided.
Collide	To strike or dash against.
Collidine	One of a class of organic bases, C8H11N, usually pungent oily liquids, belonging to the pyridine series, and obtained from bone oil, coal tar, naphtha, and certain alkaloids.
Collie	The Scotch shepherd dog. There are two breeds, the rough-haired and smooth-haired. It is remarkable for its intelligence, displayed especially in caring for flocks.
Collied	Darkened. See Colly, v. t.
Collier	One engaged in the business of digging mineral coal or making charcoal, or in transporting or dealing in coal.
Collier	A vessel employed in the coal trade.
Collieries	of Colliery
Colliery	The place where coal is dug; a coal mine, and the buildings, etc., belonging to it.
Colliery	The coal trade.
Colliflower	See Cauliflower.
Colligated	of Colligate
Colligating	of Colligate
Colligate	To tie or bind together.
Colligate	To bring together by colligation; to sum up in a single proposition.
Colligate	Bound together.
Colligation	A binding together.
Colligation	That process by which a number of isolated facts are brought under one conception, or summed up in a general proposition, as when Kepler discovered that the various observed positions of the planet Mars were points in an ellipse.
Collimated	of Collimate
Collimating	of Collimate
Collimate	To render parallel to a certain line or direction; to bring into the same line, as the axes of telescopes, etc.; to render parallel, as rays of light.
Collimation	The act of collimating; the adjustment of the line of the sights, as the axial line of the telescope of an instrument, into its proper position relative to the other parts of the instrument.
Collimator	A telescope arranged and used to determine errors of collimation, both vertical and horizontal.
Collimator	A tube having a convex lens at one end and at the other a small opening or slit which is at the principal focus of the lens, used for producing a beam of parallel rays; also, a lens so used.
Collin	A very pure form of gelatin.
Colline	A small hill or mount.
Collineation	The act of aiming at, or directing in a line with, a fixed object.
Colling	An embrace; dalliance.
Collingly	With embraces.
Collingual	Having, or pertaining to, the same language.
Colliquable	Liable to melt, grow soft, or become fluid.
Colliquament	The first rudiments of an embryo in generation.
Colliquated	of Colliquate
Colliquating	of Colliquate
Colliquate	To change from solid to fluid; to make or become liquid; to melt.
Colliquation	A melting together; the act of melting; fusion.
Colliquation	A processive wasting or melting away of the solid parts of the animal system with copious excretions of liquids by one or more passages.
Colliquative	Causing rapid waste or exhaustion; melting; as, colliquative sweats.
Colliquefaction	A melting together; the reduction of different bodies into one mass by fusion.
Collish	A tool to polish the edge of a sole.
Collision	The act of striking together; a striking together, as of two hard bodies; a violent meeting, as of railroad trains; a clashing.
Collision	A state of opposition; antagonism; interference.
Collisive	Colliding; clashing.
Collitigant	Disputing or wrangling.
Collitigant	One who litigates or wrangles.
Collocate	Set; placed.
Collocated	of Collocate
Collocating	of Collocate
Collocate	To set or place; to set; to station.
Collocation	The act of placing; the state of being placed with something else; disposition in place; arrangement.
Collocution	A speaking or conversing together; conference; mutual discourse.
Collocutor	One of the speakers in a dialogue.
Collodion	A solution of pyroxylin (soluble gun cotton) in ether containing a varying proportion of alcohol. It is strongly adhesive, and is used by surgeons as a coating for wounds; but its chief application is as a vehicle for the sensitive film in photography.
Collodionize	To prepare or treat with collodion.
Collodiotype	A picture obtained by the collodion process; a melanotype or ambrotype.
Collodium	See Collodion.
Collogue	To talk or confer secretly and confidentially; to converse, especially with evil intentions; to plot mischief.
Colloid	Resembling glue or jelly; characterized by a jellylike appearance; gelatinous; as, colloid tumors.
Colloid	A substance (as albumin, gum, gelatin, etc.) which is of a gelatinous rather than a crystalline nature, and which diffuses itself through animal membranes or vegetable parchment more slowly than crystalloids do; -- opposed to crystalloid.
Colloid	A gelatinous substance found in colloid degeneration and colloid cancer.
Colloidal	Pertaining to, or of the nature of, colloids.
Colloidality	The state or quality of being colloidal.
Collop	A small slice of meat; a piece of flesh.
Collop	A part or piece of anything; a portion.
Colloped	Having ridges or bunches of flesh, like collops.
Collophore	A suckerlike organ at the base of the abdomen of insects belonging to the Collembola.
Collophore	An adhesive marginal organ of the Lucernariae.
Colloquial	Pertaining to, or used in, conversation, esp. common and familiar conversation; conversational; hence, unstudied; informal; as, colloquial intercourse; colloquial phrases; a colloquial style.
Colloquialism	A colloquial expression, not employed in formal discourse or writing.
Colloquialize	To make colloquial and familiar; as, to colloquialize one's style of writing.
Colloquist	A speaker in a colloquy or dialogue.
Colloquies	of Colloquy
Colloquy	Mutual discourse of two or more persons; conference; conversation.
Colloquy	In some American colleges, a part in exhibitions, assigned for a certain scholarship rank; a designation of rank in collegiate scholarship.
Collow	Soot; smut. See 1st Colly.
Colluctancy	A struggling to resist; a striving against; resistance; opposition of nature.
Colluctation	A struggling; a contention.
Colluded	of Collude
Colluding	of Collude
Collude	To have secretly a joint part or share in an action; to play into each other's hands; to conspire; to act in concert.
Colluder	One who conspires in a fraud.
Colla	of Collum
Collum	A neck or cervix.
Collum	Same as Collar.
Collusion	A secret agreement and cooperation for a fraudulent or deceitful purpose; a playing into each other's hands; deceit; fraud; cunning.
Collusion	An agreement between two or more persons to defraud a person of his rights, by the forms of law, or to obtain an object forbidden by law.
Collusive	Characterized by collusion; done or planned in collusion.
Collusive	Acting in collusion.
Collusory	Collusive.
Collutory	A medicated wash for the mouth.
Colly	The black grime or soot of coal.
Collied	of Colly
Collying	of Colly
Colly	To render black or dark, as of with coal smut; to begrime.
Colly	A kind of dog. See Collie.
Collybist	A money changer.
Collyriums	of Collyrium
Collyria	of Collyrium
Collyrium	An application to the eye, usually an eyewater.
Colocolo	A South American wild cat (Felis colocolo), of the size of the ocelot.
Colocynth	The light spongy pulp of the fruit of the bitter cucumber (Citrullus, / Cucumis, colocynthis), an Asiatic plant allied to the watermelon; coloquintida. It comes in white balls, is intensely bitter, and a powerful cathartic. Called also bitter apple, bitter cucumber, bitter gourd.
Colocynthin	The active medicinal principle of colocynth; a bitter, yellow, crystalline substance, regarded as a glucoside.
Cologne	A perfumed liquid, composed of alcohol and certain aromatic oils, used in the toilet; -- called also cologne water and eau de cologne.
Cologne earth	An earth of a deep brown color, containing more vegetable than mineral matter; an earthy variety of lignite, or brown coal.
Colombier	A large size of paper for drawings. See under Paper.
Colombin	See Calumbin.
Colombo	See Calumba.
Colon	That part of the large intestines which extends from the caecum to the rectum. [See Illust of Digestion.]
Colon	A point or character, formed thus [:], used to separate parts of a sentence that are complete in themselves and nearly independent, often taking the place of a conjunction.
Colonel	The chief officer of a regiment; an officer ranking next above a lieutenant colonel and next below a brigadier general.
Colonelcy	The office, rank, or commission of a colonel.
Colonelship	Colonelcy.
Coloner	A colonist.
Colonial	Of or pertaining to a colony; as, colonial rights, traffic, wars.
Colonical	Of or pertaining to husbandmen.
Colonist	A member or inhabitant of a colony.
Colonitis	See Colitis.
Colonization	The act of colonizing, or the state of being colonized; the formation of a colony or colonies.
Colonizationist	A friend to colonization, esp. (U. S. Hist) to the colonization of Africa by emigrants from the colored population of the United States.
Colonized	of Colonize
Colonizing	of Colonize
Colonize	To plant or establish a colony or colonies in; to people with colonists; to migrate to and settle in.
Colonize	To remove to, and settle in, a distant country; to make a colony.
Colonizer	One who promotes or establishes a colony; a colonist.
Colonnade	A series or range of columns placed at regular intervals with all the adjuncts, as entablature, stylobate, roof, etc.
Colonies	of Colony
Colony	A company of people transplanted from their mother country to a remote province or country, and remaining subject to the jurisdiction of the parent state; as, the British colonies in America.
Colony	The district or country colonized; a settlement.
Colony	A company of persons from the same country sojourning in a foreign city or land; as, the American colony in Paris.
Colony	A number of animals or plants living or growing together, beyond their usual range.
Colophany	See Colophony.
Colophene	A colorless, oily liquid, formerly obtained by distillation of colophony. It is regarded as a polymeric form of terebenthene. Called also diterebene.
Colophon	An inscription, monogram, or cipher, containing the place and date of publication, printer's name, etc., formerly placed on the last page of a book.
Colophonite	A coarsely granular variety of garnet.
Colophony	Rosin.
Coloquintida	See Colocynth.
Color	A property depending on the relations of light to the eye, by which individual and specific differences in the hues and tints of objects are apprehended in vision; as, gay colors; sad colors, etc.
Color	Any hue distinguished from white or black.
Color	The hue or color characteristic of good health and spirits; ruddy complexion.
Color	That which is used to give color; a paint; a pigment; as, oil colors or water colors.
Color	That which covers or hides the real character of anything; semblance; excuse; disguise; appearance.
Color	Shade or variety of character; kind; species.
Color	A distinguishing badge, as a flag or similar symbol (usually in the plural); as, the colors or color of a ship or regiment; the colors of a race horse (that is, of the cap and jacket worn by the jockey).
Color	An apparent right; as where the defendant in trespass gave to the plaintiff an appearance of title, by stating his title specially, thus removing the cause from the jury to the court.
Colored	of Color
Coloring	of Color
Color	To change or alter the hue or tint of, by dyeing, staining, painting, etc.; to dye; to tinge; to paint; to stain.
Color	To change or alter, as if by dyeing or painting; to give a false appearance to; usually, to give a specious appearance to; to cause to appear attractive; to make plausible; to palliate or excuse; as, the facts were colored by his prejudices.
Color	To hide.
Color	To acquire color; to turn red, especially in the face; to blush.
Colorable	Specious; plausible; having an appearance of right or justice.
Colorado beetle	A yellowish beetle (Doryphora decemlineata), with ten longitudinal, black, dorsal stripes. It has migrated eastwards from its original habitat in Colorado, and is very destructive to the potato plant; -- called also potato beetle and potato bug. See Potato beetle.
Colorado group	A subdivision of the cretaceous formation of western North America, especially developed in Colorado and the upper Missouri region.
Coloradoite	Mercury telluride, an iron-black metallic mineral, found in Colorado.
Colorate	Colored.
Coloration	The act or art of coloring; the state of being colored.
Colorature	Vocal music colored, as it were, by florid ornaments, runs, or rapid passages.
Color-blind	Affected with color blindness. See Color blindness, under Color, n.
Colored	Having color; tinged; dyed; painted; stained.
Colored	Specious; plausible; adorned so as to appear well; as, a highly colored description.
Colored	Of some other color than black or white.
Colored	Of some other color than white; specifically applied to negroes or persons having negro blood; as, a colored man; the colored people.
Colored	Of some other color than green.
Colorific	Capable of communicating color or tint to other bodies.
Colorimeter	An instrument for measuring the depth of the color of anything, especially of a liquid, by comparison with a standard liquid.
Coloring	The act of applying color to; also, that which produces color.
Coloring	Change of appearance as by addition of color; appearance; show; disguise; misrepresentation.
Colorist	One who colors; an artist who excels in the use of colors; one to whom coloring is of prime importance.
Colorless	Without color; not distinguished by any hue; transparent; as, colorless water.
Colorless	Free from any manifestation of partial or peculiar sentiment or feeling; not disclosing likes, dislikes, prejudice, etc.; as, colorless music; a colorless style; definitions should be colorless.
Colormen	of Colorman
Colorman	A vender of paints, etc.
Color sergeant	See under Sergeant.
Colossal	Of enormous size; gigantic; huge; as, a colossal statue.
Colossal	Of a size larger than heroic. See Heroic.
Colossean	Colossal.
Colosseum	The amphitheater of Vespasian in Rome.
Colossi	of Colossus
Colossuses	of Colossus
Colossus	A statue of gigantic size. The name was especially applied to certain famous statues in antiquity, as the Colossus of Nero in Rome, the Colossus of Apollo at Rhodes.
Colossus	Any man or beast of gigantic size.
Colostrum	The first milk secreted after delivery; biestings.
Colostrum	A mixture of turpentine and the yolk of an egg, formerly used as an emulsion.
Colotomy	An operation for opening the colon
Colour	See Color.
Colp	See Collop.
Colportage	The distribution of religious books, tracts, etc., by colporteurs.
Colporter	Same as Colporteur.
Colporteur	A hawker; specifically, one who travels about selling and distributing religious tracts and books.
Colstaff	A staff by means of which a burden is borne by two persons on their shoulders.
Colt	The young of the equine genus or horse kind of animals; -- sometimes distinctively applied to the male, filly being the female. Cf. Foal.
Colt	A young, foolish fellow.
Colt	A short knotted rope formerly used as an instrument of punishment in the navy.
Colt	To frisk or frolic like a colt; to act licentiously or wantonly.
Colt	To horse; to get with young.
Colt	To befool.
Colter	A knife or cutter, attached to the beam of a plow to cut the sward, in advance of the plowshare and moldboard.
Coltish	Like a colt; wanton; frisky.
Coltsfoot	A perennial herb (Tussilago Farfara), whose leaves and rootstock are sometimes employed in medicine.
Colt's tooth	See under Colt.
Coluber	A genus of harmless serpents.
Colubrine	like or related to snakes of the genus Coluber.
Colubrine	Like a snake; cunning; crafty.
Colugo	A peculiar East Indian mammal (Galleopithecus volans), having along the sides, connecting the fore and hind limbs, a parachutelike membrane, by means of which it is able to make long leaps, like the flying squirrel; -- called also flying lemur.
Columba	See Calumba.
Columbae	An order of birds, including the pigeons.
Columbaria	of Columbarium
Columbarium	A dovecote or pigeon house.
Columbarium	A sepulchral chamber with niches for holding cinerary urns.
Columbaries	of Columbary
Columbary	A dovecote; a pigeon house.
Columbate	A salt of columbic acid; a niobate. See Columbium.
Columbatz fly	See Buffalo fly, under Buffalo.
Columbella	A genus of univalve shells, abundant in tropical seas. Some species, as Columbella mercatoria, were formerly used as shell money.
Columbia	America; the United States; -- a poetical appellation given in honor of Columbus, the discoverer.
Columbiad	A form of seacoast cannon; a long, chambered gun designed for throwing shot or shells with heavy charges of powder, at high angles of elevation.
Columbian	Of or pertaining to the United States, or to America.
Columbic	Pertaining to, or containing, columbium or niobium; niobic.
Columbic	Pertaining to, or derived from, the columbo root.
Columbier	See Colombier.
Columbiferous	Producing or containing columbium.
Columbin	A white, crystalline, bitter substance. See Calumbin.
Columbine	Of or pertaining to a dove; dovelike; dove-colored.
Columbine	A plant of several species of the genus Aquilegia; as, A. vulgaris, or the common garden columbine; A. Canadensis, the wild red columbine of North America.
Columbine	The mistress or sweetheart of Harlequin in pantomimes.
Columbite	A mineral of a black color, submetallic luster, and high specific specific gravity. It is a niobate (or columbate) of iron and manganese, containing tantalate of iron; -- first found in New England.
Columbium	A rare element of the vanadium group, first found in a variety of the mineral columbite occurring in Connecticut, probably at Haddam. Atomic weight 94.2. Symbol Cb or Nb. Now more commonly called niobium.
Columbo	See Calumba.
Columella	An axis to which a carpel of a compound pistil may be attached, as in the case of the geranium; or which is left when a pod opens.
Columella	A columnlike axis in the capsules of mosses.
Columella	A term applied to various columnlike parts; as, the columella, or epipterygoid bone, in the skull of many lizards; the columella of the ear, the bony or cartilaginous rod connecting the tympanic membrane with the internal ear.
Columella	The upright pillar in the axis of most univalve shells.
Columella	The central pillar or axis of the calicles of certain corals.
Columelliform	Shaped like a little column, or columella.
Column	A kind of pillar; a cylindrical or polygonal support for a roof, ceiling, statue, etc., somewhat ornamented, and usually composed of base, shaft, and capital. See Order.
Column	Anything resembling, in form or position, a column in architecture; an upright body or mass; a shaft or obelisk; as, a column of air, of water, of mercury, etc.; the Column Vendome; the spinal column.
Column	A body of troops formed in ranks, one behind the other; -- contradistinguished from line. Compare Ploy, and Deploy.
Column	A small army.
Column	A number of ships so arranged as to follow one another in single or double file or in squadrons; -- in distinction from "line", where they are side by side.
Column	A perpendicular set of lines, not extending across the page, and separated from other matter by a rule or blank space; as, a column in a newspaper.
Column	A perpendicular line of figures.
Column	The body formed by the union of the stamens in the Mallow family, or of the stamens and pistil in the orchids.
Columnar	Formed in columns; having the form of a column or columns; like the shaft of a column.
Columnarity	The state or quality of being columnar.
Columnated	Having columns; as, columnated temples.
Columned	Having columns.
Columniation	The employment or arrangement of columns in a structure.
Colures	of Colure
Colure	One of two great circles intersecting at right angles in the poles of the equator. One of them passes through the equinoctial points, and hence is denominated the equinoctial colure; the other intersects the equator at the distance of 90 from the former, and is called the solstitial colure.
Colies	of Coly
Coly	Any bird of the genus Colius and allied genera. They inhabit Africa.
Colza	A variety of cabbage (Brassica oleracea), cultivated for its seeds, which yield an oil valued for illuminating and lubricating purposes; summer rape.
Com-	A prefix from the Latin preposition cum, signifying with, together, in conjunction, very, etc. It is used in the form com- before b, m, p, and sometimes f, and by assimilation becomes col- before l, cor- before r, and con- before any consonant except b, h, l, m, p, r, and w. Before a vowel com- becomes co-; also before h, w, and sometimes before other consonants.
Coma	A state of profound insensibility from which it is difficult or impossible to rouse a person. See Carus.
Coma	The envelope of a comet; a nebulous covering, which surrounds the nucleus or body of a comet.
Coma	A tuft or bunch, -- as the assemblage of branches forming the head of a tree; or a cluster of bracts when empty and terminating the inflorescence of a plant; or a tuft of long hairs on certain seeds.
Comanches	A warlike, savage, and nomadic tribe of the Shoshone family of Indians, inhabiting Mexico and the adjacent parts of the United States; -- called also Paducahs. They are noted for plundering and cruelty.
Comart	A covenant.
Comate	Encompassed with a coma, or bushy appearance, like hair; hairy.
Co-mate	A companion.
Comatose	Relating to, or resembling, coma; drowsy; lethargic; as, comatose sleep; comatose fever.
Comatous	Comatose.
Comatula	A crinoid of the genus Antedon and related genera. When young they are fixed by a stem. When adult they become detached and cling to seaweeds, etc., by their dorsal cirri; -- called also feather stars.
Comatulid	Any crinoid of the genus Antedon or allied genera.
Comb	An instrument with teeth, for straightening, cleansing, and adjusting the hair, or for keeping it in place.
Comb	An instrument for currying hairy animals, or cleansing and smoothing their coats; a currycomb.
Comb	A toothed instrument used for separating and cleansing wool, flax, hair, etc.
Comb	The serrated vibratory doffing knife of a carding machine.
Comb	A former, commonly cone-shaped, used in hat manufacturing for hardening the soft fiber into a bat.
Comb	A tool with teeth, used for chasing screws on work in a lathe; a chaser.
Comb	The notched scale of a wire micrometer.
Comb	The collector of an electrical machine, usually resembling a comb.
Comb	The naked fleshy crest or caruncle on the upper part of the bill or hood of a cock or other bird. It is usually red.
Comb	One of a pair of peculiar organs on the base of the abdomen of scorpions.
Comb	The curling crest of a wave.
Comb	The waxen framework forming the walls of the cells in which bees store their honey, eggs, etc.; honeycomb.
Comb	The thumbpiece of the hammer of a gunlock, by which it may be cocked.
Combed	of Comb
Combing	of Comb
Comb	To disentangle, cleanse, or adjust, with a comb; to lay smooth and straight with, or as with, a comb; as, to comb hair or wool. See under Combing.
Comb	To roll over, as the top or crest of a wave; to break with a white foam, as waves.
Comb	Alt. of Combe
Combe	That unwatered portion of a valley which forms its continuation beyond and above the most elevated spring that issues into it.
Comb	A dry measure. See Coomb.
Combated	of Combat
Combating	of Combat
Combat	To struggle or contend, as with an opposing force; to fight.
Combat	To fight with; to oppose by force, argument, etc.; to contend against; to resist.
Combat	A fight; a contest of violence; a struggle for supremacy.
Combat	An engagement of no great magnitude; or one in which the parties engaged are not armies.
Combatable	Such as can be, or is liable to be, combated; as, combatable foes, evils, or arguments.
Combatant	Contending; disposed to contend.
Combatant	One who engages in combat.
Combater	One who combats.
Combative	Disposed to engage in combat; pugnacious.
Combativeness	The quality of being combative; propensity to contend or to quarrel.
Combativeness	A cranial development supposed to indicate a combative disposition.
Combattant	In the position of fighting; -- said of two lions set face to face, each rampant.
Combbroach	A tooth of a wool comb.
Combe	See Comb.
Comber	One who combs; one whose occupation it is to comb wool, flax, etc. Also, a machine for combing wool, flax, etc.
Comber	A long, curling wave.
Comber	To cumber.
Comber	Encumbrance.
Comber	The cabrilla. Also, a name applied to a species of wrasse.
Combinable	Capable of combining; consistent with.
Combinate	United; joined; betrothed.
Combination	The act or process of combining or uniting persons and things.
Combination	The result of combining or uniting; union of persons or things; esp. a union or alliance of persons or states to effect some purpose; -- usually in a bad sense.
Combination	The act or process of uniting by chemical affinity, by which substances unite with each other in definite proportions by weight to form distinct compounds.
Combination	The different arrangements of a number of objects, as letters, into groups.
Combined	of Combine
Combining	of Combine
Combine	To unite or join; to link closely together; to bring into harmonious union; to cause or unite so as to form a homogeneous substance, as by chemical union.
Combine	To bind; to hold by a moral tie.
Combine	To form a union; to agree; to coalesce; to confederate.
Combine	To unite by affinity or natural attraction; as, two substances, which will not combine of themselves, may be made to combine by the intervention of a third.
Combine	In the game of casino, to play a card which will take two or more cards whose aggregate number of pips equals those of the card played.
Combined	United closely; confederated; chemically united.
Combinedly	; jointly.
Combiner	One who, or that which, combines.
Combing	The act or process of using a comb or a number of combs; as, the combing of one's hair; the combing of wool.
Combing	That which is caught or collected with a comb, as loose, tangled hair.
Combing	Hair arranged to be worn on the head.
Combing	See Coamings.
Combless	Without a comb or crest; as, a combless cock.
Comboloio	A Mohammedan rosary, consisting of ninety-nine beads.
Comb-shaped	Pectinate.
Combust	Burnt; consumed.
Combust	So near the sun as to be obscured or eclipsed by his light, as the moon or planets when not more than eight degrees and a half from the sun.
Combustibility	The quality of being combustible.
Combustible	Capable of taking fire and burning; apt to catch fire; inflammable.
Combustible	Easily kindled or excited; quick; fiery; irascible.
Combustible	A substance that may be set on fire, or which is liable to take fire and burn.
Combustibleness	Combustibility.
Combustion	The state of burning.
Combustion	The combination of a combustible with a supporter of combustion, producing heat, and sometimes both light and heat.
Combustion	Violent agitation; confusion; tumult.
Combustious	Inflammable.
Came	of Come
Come	of Come
Coming	of Come
Come	To move hitherward; to draw near; to approach the speaker, or some place or person indicated; -- opposed to go.
Come	To complete a movement toward a place; to arrive.
Come	To approach or arrive, as if by a journey or from a distance.
Come	To approach or arrive, as the result of a cause, or of the act of another.
Come	To arrive in sight; to be manifest; to appear.
Come	To get to be, as the result of change or progress; -- with a predicate; as, to come untied.
Come	To carry through; to succeed in; as, you can't come any tricks here.
Come	Coming.
Co-meddle	To mix; to mingle, to temper.
Comedian	An actor or player in comedy.
Comedian	A writer of comedy.
Comedienne	A women who plays in comedy.
Comedietta	A dramatic sketch; a brief comedy.
Comedones	of Comedo
Comedo	A small nodule or cystic tumor, common on the nose, etc., which on pressure allows the escape of a yellow wormlike mass of retained oily secretion, with a black head (dirt).
Comedown	A downfall; an humiliation.
Comedies	of Comedy
Comedy	A dramatic composition, or representation of a bright and amusing character, based upon the foibles of individuals, the manners of society, or the ludicrous events or accidents of life; a play in which mirth predominates and the termination of the plot is happy; -- opposed to tragedy.
Comelily	In a suitable or becoming manner.
Comeliness	The quality or state of being comely.
Comely	Pleasing or agreeable to the sight; well-proportioned; good-looking; handsome.
Comely	Suitable or becoming; proper; agreeable.
Comely	In a becoming manner.
Come-outer	One who comes out or withdraws from a religious or other organization; a radical reformer.
Comer	One who comes, or who has come; one who has arrived, and is present.
Comes	The answer to the theme (dux) in a fugue.
Comessation	A reveling; a rioting.
Comestible	Suitable to be eaten; eatable; esculent.
Comestible	Something suitable to be eaten; -- commonly in the plural.
Comet	A member of the solar system which usually moves in an elongated orbit, approaching very near to the sun in its perihelion, and receding to a very great distance from it at its aphelion. A comet commonly consists of three parts: the nucleus, the envelope, or coma, and the tail; but one or more of these parts is frequently wanting. See Illustration in Appendix.
Cometarium	An instrument, intended to represent the revolution of a comet round the sun.
Cometary	Pertaining to, or resembling, a comet.
Comet-finder	Alt. of Comet- seeker
Comet- seeker	A telescope of low power, having a large field of view, used for finding comets.
Cometic	Relating to a comet.
Cometographer	One who describes or writes about comets.
Cometography	A description of, or a treatise concerning, comets.
Cometology	The department of astronomy relating to comets.
Comfit	A dry sweetmeat; any kind of fruit, root, or seed preserved with sugar and dried; a confection.
Comfit	To preserve dry with sugar.
Comfiture	See Comfit, n.
Comforted	of Comfort
Comforting.	of Comfort
Comfort	To make strong; to invigorate; to fortify; to corroborate.
Comfort	To assist or help; to aid.
Comfort	To impart strength and hope to; to encourage; to relieve; to console; to cheer.
Comfort	Assistance; relief; support.
Comfort	Encouragement; solace; consolation in trouble; also, that which affords consolation.
Comfort	A state of quiet enjoyment; freedom from pain, want, or anxiety; also, whatever contributes to such a condition.
Comfort	A wadded bedquilt; a comfortable.
Comfort	Unlawful support, countenance, or encouragement; as, to give aid and comfort to the enemy.
Comfortable	Strong; vigorous; valiant.
Comfortable	Serviceable; helpful.
Comfortable	Affording or imparting comfort or consolation; able to comfort; cheering; as, a comfortable hope.
Comfortable	In a condition of comfort; having comforts; not suffering or anxious; hence, contented; cheerful; as, to lead a comfortable life.
Comfortable	Free, or comparatively free, from pain or distress; -- used of a sick person.
Comfortable	A stuffed or quilted coverlet for a bed; a comforter; a comfort.
Comfortableness	State of being comfortable.
Comfortably	In a comfortable or comforting manner.
Comforter	One who administers comfort or consolation.
Comforter	The Holy Spirit, -- referring to his office of comforting believers.
Comforter	A knit woolen tippet, long and narrow.
Comforter	A wadded bedquilt; a comfortable.
Comfortless	Without comfort or comforts; in want or distress; cheerless.
Comfortment	Act or process of administering comfort.
Comfortress	A woman who comforts.
Comfrey	A rough, hairy, perennial plant of several species, of the genus Symphytum.
Comic	Relating to comedy, as distinct from tragedy.
Comic	Causing mirth; ludicrous.
Comic	A comedian.
Comical	Relating to comedy.
Comical	Exciting mirth; droll; laughable; as, a comical story.
Comicalities	of Comicality
Comicality	The quality of being comical; something comical.
Comicry	The power of exciting mirth; comicalness.
Coming	Approaching; of the future, especially the near future; the next; as, the coming week or year; the coming exhibition.
Coming	Ready to come; complaisant; fond.
Coming	Approach; advent; manifestation; as, the coming of the train.
Coming	Specifically: The Second Advent of Christ.
Comitia	A public assembly of the Roman people for electing officers or passing laws.
Comitial	Relating to the comitia, or popular assemblies of the Romans for electing officers and passing laws.
Comities	of Comity
Comity	Mildness and suavity of manners; courtesy between equals; friendly civility; as, comity of manners; the comity of States.
Comma	A character or point [,] marking the smallest divisions of a sentence, written or printed.
Comma	A small interval (the difference between a major and minor half step), seldom used except by tuners.
Commanded	of Command
Commanding	of Command
Command	To order with authority; to lay injunction upon; to direct; to bid; to charge.
Command	To exercise direct authority over; to have control of; to have at one's disposal; to lead.
Command	To have within a sphere of control, influence, access, or vision; to dominate by position; to guard; to overlook.
Command	To have power or influence of the nature of authority over; to obtain as if by ordering; to receive as a due; to challenge; to claim; as, justice commands the respect and affections of the people; the best goods command the best price.
Command	To direct to come; to bestow.
Command	To have or to exercise direct authority; to govern; to sway; to influence; to give an order or orders.
Command	To have a view, as from a superior position.
Command	An authoritative order requiring obedience; a mandate; an injunction.
Command	The possession or exercise of authority.
Command	Authority; power or right of control; leadership; as, the forces under his command.
Command	Power to dominate, command, or overlook by means of position; scope of vision; survey.
Command	Control; power over something; sway; influence; as, to have command over one's temper or voice; the fort has command of the bridge.
Command	A body of troops, or any naval or military force or post, or the whole territory under the authority or control of a particular officer.
Commandable	Capable of being commanded.
Commandant	A commander; the commanding officer of a place, or of a body of men; as, the commandant of a navy-yard.
Commandatory	Mandatory; as, commandatory authority.
Commander	A chief; one who has supreme authority; a leader; the chief officer of an army, or of any division of it.
Commander	An officer who ranks next below a captain, -- ranking with a lieutenant colonel in the army.
Commander	The chief officer of a commandery.
Commander	A heavy beetle or wooden mallet, used in paving, in sail lofts, etc.
Commandership	The office of a commander.
Commanderies	of Commandery
Commandery	The office or rank of a commander.
Commandery	A district or a manor with lands and tenements appertaining thereto, under the control of a member of an order of knights who was called a commander; -- called also a preceptory.
Commandery	An assembly or lodge of Knights Templars (so called) among the Freemasons.
Commandery	A district under the administration of a military commander or governor.
Commanding	Exercising authority; actually in command; as, a commanding officer.
Commanding	Fitted to impress or control; as, a commanding look or presence.
Commanding	Exalted; overlooking; having superior strategic advantages; as, a commanding position.
Commandingly	In a commanding manner.
Commandment	An order or injunction given by authority; a command; a charge; a precept; a mandate.
Commandment	One of the ten laws or precepts given by God to the Israelites at Mount Sinai.
Commandment	The act of commanding; exercise of authority.
Commandment	The offense of commanding or inducing another to violate the law.
Commandress	A woman invested with authority to command.
Commandry	See Commandery.
Commark	The frontier of a country; confines.
Commaterial	Consisting of the same material.
Commatic	Having short clauses or sentences; brief; concise.
Commatism	Conciseness in writing.
Commeasurable	Having the same measure; commensurate; proportional.
Commeasure	To be commensurate with; to equal.
Commemorable	Worthy to be commemorated.
Commemorated	of Commemorate
Commemorating	of Commemorate
Commemorate	To call to remembrance by a special act or observance; to celebrate with honor and solemnity; to honor, as a person or event, by some act of respect or affection, intended to preserve the remembrance of the person or event; as, to commemorate the sufferings and dying love of our Savior by the sacrament of the Lord's Supper; to commemorate the Declaration of Independence by the observance of the Fourth of July.
Commemoration	The act of commemorating; an observance or celebration designed to honor the memory of some person or event.
Commemoration	Whatever serves the purpose of commemorating; a memorial.
Commemorative	Tending or intended to commemorate.
Commemorator	One who commemorates.
Commemoratory	Serving to commemorate; commemorative.
Commenced	of Commence
Commencing	of Commence
Commence	To have a beginning or origin; to originate; to start; to begin.
Commence	To begin to be, or to act as.
Commence	To take a degree at a university.
Commence	To enter upon; to begin; to perform the first act of.
Commencement	The first existence of anything; act or fact of commencing; rise; origin; beginning; start.
Commencement	The day when degrees are conferred by colleges and universities upon students and others.
Commended	of Commend
Commending	of Commend
Commend	To commit, intrust, or give in charge for care or preservation.
Commend	To recommend as worthy of confidence or regard; to present as worthy of notice or favorable attention.
Commend	To mention with approbation; to praise; as, to commend a person or an act.
Commend	To mention by way of courtesy, implying remembrance and good will.
Commend	Commendation; praise.
Commend	Compliments; greetings.
Commendable	Worthy of being commended or praised; laudable; praiseworthy.
Commendam	A vacant living or benefice commended to a cleric (usually a bishop) who enjoyed the revenue until a pastor was provided. A living so held was said to be held in commendam. The practice was abolished by law in 1836.
Commendatary	One who holds a living in commendam.
Commendation	The act of commending; praise; favorable representation in words; recommendation.
Commendation	That which is the ground of approbation or praise.
Commendation	A message of affection or respect; compliments; greeting.
Commendator	One who holds a benefice in commendam; a commendatary.
Commendatory	Serving to commend; containing praise or commendation; commending; praising.
Commendatory	Holding a benefice in commendam; as, a commendatory bishop.
Commendatory	A commendation; eulogy.
Commender	One who commends or praises.
Commensal	One who eats at the same table.
Commensal	An animal, not truly parasitic, which lives in, with, or on, another, partaking usually of the same food. Both species may be benefited by the association.
Commensal	Having the character of a commensal.
Commensalism	The act of eating together; table fellowship.
Commensality	Fellowship at table; the act or practice of eating at the same table.
Commensation	Commensality.
Commensurability	The quality of being commensurable.
Commensurable	Having a common measure; capable of being exactly measured by the same number, quantity, or measure.
Commensurably	In a commensurable manner; so as to be commensurable.
Commensurated	of Commensurate
Commensurating	of Commensurate
Commensurate	To reduce to a common measure.
Commensurate	To proportionate; to adjust.
Commensurate	Having a common measure; commensurable; reducible to a common measure; as, commensurate quantities.
Commensurate	Equal in measure or extent; proportionate.
Commensurately	In a commensurate manner; so as to be equal or proportionate; adequately.
Commensurately	With equal measure or extent.
Commensurateness	The state or quality of being commensurate.
Commensuration	The act of commensurating; the state of being commensurate.
Commented	of Comment
Commenting	of Comment
Comment	To make remarks, observations, or criticism; especially, to write notes on the works of an author, with a view to illustrate his meaning, or to explain particular passages; to write annotations; -- often followed by on or upon.
Comment	To comment on.
Comment	A remark, observation, or criticism; gossip; discourse; talk.
Comment	A note or observation intended to explain, illustrate, or criticise the meaning of a writing, book, etc.; explanation; annotation; exposition.
Commentaries	of Commentary
Commentary	A series of comments or annotations; esp., a book of explanations or expositions on the whole or a part of the Scriptures or of some other work.
Commentary	A brief account of transactions or events written hastily, as if for a memorandum; -- usually in the plural; as, Caesar's Commentaries on the Gallic War.
Commentate	To write comments or notes upon; to make comments.
Commentation	The act or process of commenting or criticising; exposition.
Commentation	The result of the labors of a commentator.
Commentator	One who writes a commentary or comments; an expositor; an annotator.
Commentatorial	Pertaining to the making of commentaries.
Commentatorship	The office or occupation of a commentator.
Commenter	One who makes or writes comments; a commentator; an annotator.
Commentitious	Fictitious or imaginary; unreal; as, a commentitious system of religion.
Commerce	The exchange or buying and selling of commodities; esp. the exchange of merchandise, on a large scale, between different places or communities; extended trade or traffic.
Commerce	Social intercourse; the dealings of one person or class in society with another; familiarity.
Commerce	Sexual intercourse.
Commerce	A round game at cards, in which the cards are subject to exchange, barter, or trade.
Commerced	of Commerce
Commercing	of Commerce
Commerce	To carry on trade; to traffic.
Commerce	To hold intercourse; to commune.
Commercial	Of or pertaining to commerce; carrying on or occupied with commerce or trade; mercantile; as, commercial advantages; commercial relations.
Commercialism	The commercial spirit or method.
Commercially	In a commercial manner.
Commigrate	To migrate together.
Commigration	Migration together.
Commination	A threat or threatening; a denunciation of punishment or vengeance.
Commination	An office in the liturgy of the Church of England, used on Ash Wednesday, containing a recital of God's anger and judgments against sinners.
Comminatory	Threatening or denouncing punishment; as, comminatory terms.
Commingled	of Commingle
Commingling	of Commingle
Commingle	To mingle together; to mix in one mass, or intimately; to blend.
Comminuted	of Comminute
Comminuting	of Comminute
Comminute	To reduce to minute particles, or to a fine powder; to pulverize; to triturate; to grind; as, to comminute chalk or bones; to comminute food with the teeth.
Comminution	The act of reducing to a fine powder or to small particles; pulverization; the state of being comminuted.
Comminution	Fracture (of a bone) into a number of pieces.
Comminution	Gradual diminution by the removal of small particles at a time; a lessening; a wearing away.
Commiserable	Pitiable.
Commiserated	of Commiserate
Commiserating	of Commiserate
Commiserate	To feel sorrow, pain, or regret for; to pity.
Commiseration	The act of commiserating; sorrow for the wants, afflictions, or distresses of another; pity; compassion.
Commiserative	Feeling or expressing commiseration.
Commiserator	One who pities.
Commissarial	Of or pertaining to a commissary.
Commissariat	The organized system by which armies and military posts are supplied with food and daily necessaries.
Commissariat	The body of officers charged with such service.
Commissaries	of Commissary
Commissary	One to whom is committed some charge, duty, or office, by a superior power; a commissioner.
Commissary	An officer of the bishop, who exercises ecclesiastical jurisdiction in parts of the diocese at a distance from the residence of the bishop.
Commissary	An officer having charge of a special service; as, the commissary of musters.
Commissary	An officer whose business is to provide food for a body of troops or a military post; -- officially called commissary of subsistence.
Commissaryship	The office or employment of a commissary.
Commission	The act of committing, doing, or performing; the act of perpetrating.
Commission	The act of intrusting; a charge; instructions as to how a trust shall be executed.
Commission	The duty or employment intrusted to any person or persons; a trust; a charge.
Commission	A formal written warrant or authority, granting certain powers or privileges and authorizing or commanding the performance of certain duties.
Commission	A certificate conferring military or naval rank and authority; as, a colonel's commission.
Commission	A company of persons joined in the performance of some duty or the execution of some trust; as, the interstate commerce commission.
Commission	The acting under authority of, or on account of, another.
Commission	The thing to be done as agent for another; as, I have three commissions for the city.
Commission	The brokerage or allowance made to a factor or agent for transacting business for another; as, a commission of ten per cent on sales. See Del credere.
Commissioned	of Commission
Commissioning	of Commission
Commission	To give a commission to; to furnish with a commission; to empower or authorize; as, to commission persons to perform certain acts; to commission an officer.
Commission	To send out with a charge or commission.
Commissional	Alt. of Commissionary
Commissionary	Of, pertaining to, or conferring, a commission; conferred by a commission or warrant.
Commissionate	To commission
Commissioner	A person who has a commission or warrant to perform some office, or execute some business, for the government, corporation, or person employing him; as, a commissioner to take affidavits or to adjust claims.
Commissioner	An officer having charge of some department or bureau of the public service.
Commissionnaire	An agent or factor; a commission merchant.
Commissionnaire	One of a class of attendants, in some European cities, who perform miscellaneous services for travelers.
Commissionship	The office of commissioner.
Commissive	Relating to commission; of the nature of, or involving, commission.
Commissural	Of or pertaining to a commissure.
Commissure	A joint, seam, or closure; the place where two bodies, or parts of a body, meet and unite; an interstice, cleft, or juncture.
Commissure	The point of union between two parts, as the angles of the lips or eyelids, the mandibles of a bird, etc.
Commissure	A collection of fibers connecting parts of the brain or spinal marrow; a chiasma.
Commissure	The line of junction or cohering face of two carpels, as in the parsnip, caraway, etc.
Committed	of Commit
Committing	of Commit
Commit	To give in trust; to put into charge or keeping; to intrust; to consign; -- used with to, unto.
Commit	To put in charge of a jailor; to imprison.
Commit	To do; to perpetrate, as a crime, sin, or fault.
Commit	To join for a contest; to match; -- followed by with.
Commit	To pledge or bind; to compromise, expose, or endanger by some decisive act or preliminary step; -- often used reflexively; as, to commit one's self to a certain course.
Commit	To confound.
Commit	To sin; esp., to be incontinent.
Commitment	The act of committing, or putting in charge, keeping, or trust; consignment; esp., the act of committing to prison.
Commitment	A warrant or order for the imprisonment of a person; -- more frequently termed a mittimus.
Commitment	The act of referring or intrusting to a committee for consideration and report; as, the commitment of a petition or a bill.
Commitment	A doing, or perpetration, in a bad sense, as of a crime or blunder; commission.
Commitment	The act of pledging or engaging; the act of exposing, endangering, or compromising; also, the state of being pledged or engaged.
Committable	Capable of being committed.
Committal	The act of committing, or the state of being committed; commitment.
Committee	One or more persons elected or appointed, to whom any matter or business is referred, either by a legislative body, or by a court, or by any collective body of men acting together.
Committee	One to whom the charge of the person or estate of another, as of a lunatic, is committed by suitable authority; a guardian.
Committeeman	A member of a committee.
Committer	One who commits; one who does or perpetrates.
Committer	A fornicator.
Committible	Capable of being committed; liable to be committed.
Commixed	of Commix
Commixing	of Commix
Commix	To mix or mingle together; to blend.
Commixion	Commixture.
Commixtion	Commixture; mingling.
Commixture	The act or process of mixing; the state of being mingled; the blending of ingredients in one mass or compound.
Commixture	The mass formed by mingling different things; a compound; a mixture.
Commodate	A gratuitous loan.
Commode	A kind of headdress formerly worn by ladies, raising the hair and fore part of the cap to a great height.
Commode	A piece of furniture, so named according to temporary fashion
Commode	A chest of drawers or a bureau.
Commode	A night stand with a compartment for holding a chamber vessel.
Commode	A kind of close stool.
Commode	A movable sink or stand for a wash bowl, with closet.
Commodious	Adapted to its use or purpose, or to wants and necessities; serviceable; spacious and convenient; roomy and comfortable; as, a commodious house.
Commodiously	In a commodious manner.
Commodiousness	State of being commodious; suitableness for its purpose; convenience; roominess.
Commodities	of Commodity
Commodity	Convenience; accommodation; profit; benefit; advantage; interest; commodiousness.
Commodity	That which affords convenience, advantage, or profit, especially in commerce, including everything movable that is bought and sold (except animals), -- goods, wares, merchandise, produce of land and manufactures, etc.
Commodity	A parcel or quantity of goods.
Commodore	An officer who ranks next above a captain; sometimes, by courtesy, the senior captain of a squadron. The rank of commodore corresponds with that of brigadier general in the army.
Commodore	A captain commanding a squadron, or a division of a fleet, or having the temporary rank of rear admiral.
Commodore	A title given by courtesy to the senior captain of a line of merchant vessels, and also to the chief officer of a yachting or rowing club.
Commodore	A familiar for the flagship, or for the principal vessel of a squadron or fleet.
Common	Belonging or relating equally, or similarly, to more than one; as, you and I have a common interest in the property.
Common	Belonging to or shared by, affecting or serving, all the members of a class, considered together; general; public; as, properties common to all plants; the common schools; the Book of Common Prayer.
Common	Often met with; usual; frequent; customary.
Common	Not distinguished or exceptional; inconspicuous; ordinary; plebeian; -- often in a depreciatory sense.
Common	Profane; polluted.
Common	Given to habits of lewdness; prostitute.
Common	The people; the community.
Common	An inclosed or uninclosed tract of ground for pleasure, for pasturage, etc., the use of which belongs to the public; or to a number of persons.
Common	The right of taking a profit in the land of another, in common either with the owner or with other persons; -- so called from the community of interest which arises between the claimant of the right and the owner of the soil, or between the claimants and other commoners entitled to the same right.
Common	To converse together; to discourse; to confer.
Common	To participate.
Common	To have a joint right with others in common ground.
Common	To board together; to eat at a table in common.
Commonable	Held in common.
Commonable	Allowed to pasture on public commons.
Commonage	The right of pasturing on a common; the right of using anything in common with others.
Commonalties	of Commonalty
Commonalty	The common people; those classes and conditions of people who are below the rank of nobility; the commons.
Commonalty	The majority or bulk of mankind.
Commoner	One of the common people; one having no rank of nobility.
Commoner	A member of the House of Commons.
Commoner	One who has a joint right in common ground.
Commoner	One sharing with another in anything.
Commoner	A student in the university of Oxford, Eng., who is not dependent on any foundation for support, but pays all university charges; - - at Cambridge called a pensioner.
Commoner	A prostitute.
Commonish	Somewhat common; commonplace; vulgar.
Commonition	Advice; warning; instruction.
Commonitive	Monitory.
Commonitory	Calling to mind; giving admonition.
Commonly	Usually; generally; ordinarily; frequently; for the most part; as, confirmed habits commonly continue through life.
Commonly	In common; familiarly.
Commonness	State or quality of being common or usual; as, the commonness of sunlight.
Commonness	Triteness; meanness.
Commonplace	Common; ordinary; trite; as, a commonplace person, or observation.
Commonplace	An idea or expression wanting originality or interest; a trite or customary remark; a platitude.
Commonplace	A memorandum; something to be frequently consulted or referred to.
Commonplace	To enter in a commonplace book, or to reduce to general heads.
Commonplace	To utter commonplaces; to indulge in platitudes.
Commonplaceness	The quality of being commonplace; commonness.
Commons	The mass of the people, as distinguished from the titled classes or nobility; the commonalty; the common people.
Commons	The House of Commons, or lower house of the British Parliament, consisting of representatives elected by the qualified voters of counties, boroughs, and universities.
Commons	Provisions; food; fare, -- as that provided at a common table in colleges and universities.
Commons	A club or association for boarding at a common table, as in a college, the members sharing the expenses equally; as, to board in commons.
Commons	A common; public pasture ground.
Common sense	See Common sense, under Sense.
Commonty	A common; a piece of land in which two or more persons have a common right.
Commonweal	Commonwealth.
Commonwealth	A state; a body politic consisting of a certain number of men, united, by compact or tacit agreement, under one form of government and system of laws.
Commonwealth	The whole body of people in a state; the public.
Commonwealth	Specifically, the form of government established on the death of Charles I., in 1649, which existed under Oliver Cromwell and his son Richard, ending with the abdication of the latter in 1659.
Commorance	See Commorancy.
Commorancy	A dwelling or ordinary residence in a place; habitation.
Commorancy	Residence temporarily, or for a short time.
Commorant	Ordinarily residing; inhabiting.
Commorant	Inhabiting or occupying temporarily.
Commorant	A resident.
Commoration	The act of staying or residing in a place.
Commorient	Dying together or at the same time.
Commorse	Remorse.
Commote	To commove; to disturb; to stir up.
Commotion	Disturbed or violent motion; agitation.
Commotion	A popular tumult; public disturbance; riot.
Commotion	Agitation, perturbation, or disorder, of mind; heat; excitement.
Commoved	of Commove
Commoving	of Commove
Commove	To urge; to persuade; to incite.
Commove	To put in motion; to disturb; to unsettle.
Communal	Pertaining to a commune.
Communalism	A French theory of government which holds that commune should be a kind of independent state, and the national government a confederation of such states, having only limited powers. It is advocated by advanced French republicans; but it should not be confounded with communism.
Communalist	An advocate of communalism.
Communalistic	Pertaining to communalism.
Communed	of Commune
Communing	of Commune
Commune	To converse together with sympathy and confidence; to interchange sentiments or feelings; to take counsel.
Commune	To receive the communion; to partake of the eucharist or Lord's supper.
Commune	Communion; sympathetic intercourse or conversation between friends.
Commune	The commonalty; the common people.
Commune	A small territorial district in France under the government of a mayor and municipal council; also, the inhabitants, or the government, of such a district. See Arrondissement.
Commune	Absolute municipal self-government.
Communicability	The quality of being communicable; capability of being imparted.
Communicable	Capable of being communicated, or imparted; as, a communicable disease; communicable knowledge.
Communicable	Communicative; free-speaking.
Communicant	One who partakes of, or is entitled to partake of, the sacrament of the Lord's supper; a church member.
Communicant	One who communicates.
Communicant	Communicating.
Communicated	of Communicate
Communicating	of Communicate
Communicate	To share in common; to participate in.
Communicate	To impart; to bestow; to convey; as, to communicate a disease or a sensation; to communicate motion by means of a crank.
Communicate	To make known; to recount; to give; to impart; as, to communicate information to any one.
Communicate	To administer the communion to.
Communicate	To share or participate; to possess or enjoy in common; to have sympathy.
Communicate	To give alms, sympathy, or aid.
Communicate	To have intercourse or to be the means of intercourse; as, to communicate with another on business; to be connected; as, a communicating artery.
Communicate	To partake of the Lord's supper; to commune.
Communication	The act or fact of communicating; as, communication of smallpox; communication of a secret.
Communication	Intercourse by words, letters, or messages; interchange of thoughts or opinions, by conference or other means; conference; correspondence.
Communication	Association; company.
Communication	Means of communicating; means of passing from place to place; a connecting passage; connection.
Communication	That which is communicated or imparted; intelligence; news; a verbal or written message.
Communication	Participation in the Lord's supper.
Communication	A trope, by which a speaker assumes that his hearer is a partner in his sentiments, and says we, instead of I or you.
Communicative	Inclined to communicate; ready to impart to others.
Communicativeness	The quality of being communicative.
Communicator	One who communicates.
Communicatory	Imparting knowledge or information.
Communion	The act of sharing; community; participation.
Communion	Intercourse between two or more persons; esp., intimate association and intercourse implying sympathy and confidence; interchange of thoughts, purposes, etc.; agreement; fellowship; as, the communion of saints.
Communion	A body of Christians having one common faith and discipline; as, the Presbyterian communion.
Communion	The sacrament of the eucharist; the celebration of the Lord's supper; the act of partaking of the sacrament; as, to go to communion; to partake of the communion.
Communism	A scheme of equalizing the social conditions of life; specifically, a scheme which contemplates the abolition of inequalities in the possession of property, as by distributing all wealth equally to all, or by holding all wealth in common for the equal use and advantage of all.
Communist	An advocate for the theory or practice of communism.
Communist	A supporter of the commune of Paris.
Communistic	Of or pertaining to communism or communists; as, communistic theories.
Communistic	Living or having their nests in common, as certain birds.
Communities	of Community
Community	Common possession or enjoyment; participation; as, a community of goods.
Community	A body of people having common rights, privileges, or interests, or living in the same place under the same laws and regulations; as, a community of monks. Hence a number of animals living in a common home or with some apparent association of interests.
Community	Society at large; a commonwealth or state; a body politic; the public, or people in general.
Community	Common character; likeness.
Community	Commonness; frequency.
Commutability	The quality of being commutable.
Commutable	Capable of being commuted or interchanged.
Commutableness	The quality of being commutable; interchangeableness.
Commutation	A passing from one state to another; change; alteration; mutation.
Commutation	The act of giving one thing for another; barter; exchange.
Commutation	The change of a penalty or punishment by the pardoning power of the State; as, the commutation of a sentence of death to banishment or imprisonment.
Commutation	A substitution, as of a less thing for a greater, esp. a substitution of one form of payment for another, or one payment for many, or a specific sum of money for conditional payments or allowances; as, commutation of tithes; commutation of fares; commutation of copyright; commutation of rations.
Commutative	Relative to exchange; interchangeable; reciprocal.
Commutator	A piece of apparatus used for reversing the direction of an electrical current; an attachment to certain electrical machines, by means of which alternating currents are made to be continuous or to have the same direction.
Commuted	of Commute
Commuting	of Commute
Commute	To exchange; to put or substitute something else in place of, as a smaller penalty, obligation, or payment, for a greater, or a single thing for an aggregate; hence, to lessen; to diminish; as, to commute a sentence of death to one of imprisonment for life; to commute tithes; to commute charges for fares.
Commute	To obtain or bargain for exemption or substitution; to effect a commutation.
Commute	To pay, or arrange to pay, in gross instead of part by part; as, to commute for a year's travel over a route.
Commuter	One who commutes; especially, one who commutes in traveling.
Commutual	Mutual; reciprocal; united.
Comose	Bearing a tuft of soft hairs or down, as the seeds of milkweed.
Compact	Joined or held together; leagued; confederated.
Compact	Composed or made; -- with of.
Compact	Closely or firmly united, as the particles of solid bodies; firm; close; solid; dense.
Compact	Brief; close; pithy; not diffuse; not verbose; as, a compact discourse.
Compacted	of Compact
Compacting	of Compact
Compact	To thrust, drive, or press closely together; to join firmly; to consolidate; to make close; -- as the parts which compose a body.
Compact	To unite or connect firmly, as in a system.
Compact	An agreement between parties; a covenant or contract.
Compacted	Compact; pressed close; concentrated; firmly united.
Compactedly	In a compact manner.
Compactedness	A state of being compact.
Compacter	One who makes a compact.
Compactible	That may be compacted.
Compaction	The act of making compact, or the state of being compact.
Compactly	In a compact manner; with close union of parts; densely; tersely.
Compactness	The state or quality of being compact; close union of parts; density.
Compacture	Close union or connection of parts; manner of joining; construction.
Compages	A system or structure of many parts united.
Compaginate	To unite or hold together; as, the side pieces compaginate the frame.
Compagination	Union of parts; structure.
Companable	Companionable; sociable.
Companator	Same as Impanator.
Companiable	Companionable; sociable.
Companion	One who accompanies or is in company with another for a longer or shorter period, either from choice or casually; one who is much in the company of, or is associated with, another or others; an associate; a comrade; a consort; a partner.
Companion	A knight of the lowest rank in certain orders; as, a companion of the Bath.
Companion	A fellow; -- in contempt.
Companion	A skylight on an upper deck with frames and sashes of various shapes, to admit light to a cabin or lower deck.
Companion	A wooden hood or penthouse covering the companion way; a companion hatch.
Companion	To be a companion to; to attend on; to accompany.
Companion	To qualify as a companion; to make equal.
Companionable	Fitted to be a companion; fit for good fellowship; agreeable; sociable.
Companionless	Without a companion.
Companionship	Fellowship; association; the act or fact of keeping company with any one.
Companies	of Company
Company	The state of being a companion or companions; the act of accompanying; fellowship; companionship; society; friendly intercourse.
Company	A companion or companions.
Company	An assemblage or association of persons, either permanent or transient.
Company	Guests or visitors, in distinction from the members of a family; as, to invite company to dine.
Company	Society, in general; people assembled for social intercourse.
Company	An association of persons for the purpose of carrying on some enterprise or business; a corporation; a firm; as, the East India Company; an insurance company; a joint-stock company.
Company	Partners in a firm whose names are not mentioned in its style or title; -- often abbreviated in writing; as, Hottinguer & Co.
Company	A subdivision of a regiment of troops under the command of a captain, numbering in the United States (full strength) 100 men.
Company	The crew of a ship, including the officers; as, a whole ship's company.
Company	The body of actors employed in a theater or in the production of a play.
Companied	of Company
Companying	of Company
Company	To accompany or go with; to be companion to.
Company	To associate.
Company	To be a gay companion.
Company	To have sexual commerce.
Comparable	Capable of being compared; worthy of comparison.
Comparate	One of two things compared together.
Comparation	A making ready; provision.
Comparative	Of or pertaining to comparison.
Comparative	Proceeding from, or by the method of, comparison; as, the comparative sciences; the comparative anatomy.
Comparative	Estimated by comparison; relative; not positive or absolute, as compared with another thing or state.
Comparative	Expressing a degree greater or less than the positive degree of the quality denoted by an adjective or adverb. The comparative degree is formed from the positive by the use of -er, more, or less; as, brighter, more bright, or less bright.
Comparative	The comparative degree of adjectives and adverbs; also, the form by which the comparative degree is expressed; as, stronger, wiser, weaker, more stormy, less windy, are all comparatives.
Comparative	An equal; a rival; a compeer.
Comparative	One who makes comparisons; one who affects wit.
Comparatively	According to estimate made by comparison; relatively; not positively or absolutely.
Comparator	An instrument or machine for comparing anything to be measured with a standard measure; -- applied especially to a machine for comparing standards of length.
Compared	of Compare
Comparing	of Compare
Compare	To examine the character or qualities of, as of two or more persons or things, for the purpose of discovering their resemblances or differences; to bring into comparison; to regard with discriminating attention.
Compare	To represent as similar, for the purpose of illustration; to liken.
Compare	To inflect according to the degrees of comparison; to state positive, comparative, and superlative forms of; as, most adjectives of one syllable are compared by affixing "- er" and "-est" to the positive form; as, black, blacker, blackest; those of more than one syllable are usually compared by prefixing "more" and "most", or "less" and "least", to the positive; as, beautiful, more beautiful, most beautiful.
Compare	To be like or equal; to admit, or be worthy of, comparison; as, his later work does not compare with his earlier.
Compare	To vie; to assume a likeness or equality.
Compare	Comparison.
Compare	Illustration by comparison; simile.
Compare	To get; to procure; to obtain; to acquire
Comparer	One who compares.
Comparison	The act of comparing; an examination of two or more objects with the view of discovering the resemblances or differences; relative estimate.
Comparison	The state of being compared; a relative estimate; also, a state, quality, or relation, admitting of being compared; as, to bring a thing into comparison with another; there is no comparison between them.
Comparison	That to which, or with which, a thing is compared, as being equal or like; illustration; similitude.
Comparison	The modification, by inflection or otherwise, which the adjective and adverb undergo to denote degrees of quality or quantity; as, little, less, least, are examples of comparison.
Comparison	A figure by which one person or thing is compared to another, or the two are considered with regard to some property or quality, which is common to them both; e.g., the lake sparkled like a jewel.
Comparison	The faculty of the reflective group which is supposed to perceive resemblances and contrasts.
Comparison	To compare.
Comparted	of Compart
Comparting	of Compart
Compart	To divide; to mark out into parts or subdivisions.
Compartition	The act of dividing into parts or compartments; division; also, a division or compartment.
Compartment	One of the parts into which an inclosed portion of space is divided, as by partitions, or lines; as, the compartments of a cabinet, a house, or a garden.
Compartment	One of the sections into which the hold of a ship is divided by water-tight bulkheads.
Compartner	See Copartner.
Compass	A passing round; circuit; circuitous course.
Compass	An inclosing limit; boundary; circumference; as, within the compass of an encircling wall.
Compass	An inclosed space; an area; extent.
Compass	Extent; reach; sweep; capacity; sphere; as, the compass of his eye; the compass of imagination.
Compass	Moderate bounds, limits of truth; moderation; due limits; -- used with within.
Compass	The range of notes, or tones, within the capacity of a voice or instrument.
Compass	An instrument for determining directions upon the earth's surface by means of a magnetized bar or needle turning freely upon a pivot and pointing in a northerly and southerly direction.
Compass	A pair of compasses.
Compass	A circle; a continent.
Compassed	of Compass
Compassing	of Compass
Compass	To go about or entirely round; to make the circuit of.
Compass	To inclose on all sides; to surround; to encircle; to environ; to invest; to besiege; -- used with about, round, around, and round about.
Compass	To reach round; to circumvent; to get within one's power; to obtain; to accomplish.
Compass	To curve; to bend into a circular form.
Compass	To purpose; to intend; to imagine; to plot.
Compassable	Capable of being compassed or accomplished.
Compassed	Rounded; arched.
Compasses	An instrument for describing circles, measuring figures, etc., consisting of two, or (rarely) more, pointed branches, or legs, usually joined at the top by a rivet on which they move.
Compassing	Curved; bent; as, compassing timbers.
Compassion	Literally, suffering with another; a sensation of sorrow excited by the distress or misfortunes of another; pity; commiseration.
Compassion	To pity.
Compassionable	Deserving compassion or pity; pitiable.
Compassionate	Having a temper or disposition to pity; sympathetic; merciful.
Compassionate	Complaining; inviting pity; pitiable.
Compassionated	of Compassionate
Compassionating	of Compassionate
Compassionate	To have compassion for; to pity; to commiserate; to sympathize with.
Compassionately	In a compassionate manner; mercifully.
Compassionateness	The quality or state of being compassionate.
Compassless	Having no compass.
Compaternity	The relation of a godfather to a person.
Compatibility	The quality or power of being compatible or congruous; congruity; as, a compatibility of tempers; a compatibility of properties.
Compatible	Capable of existing in harmony; congruous; suitable; not repugnant; -- usually followed by with.
Compatibleness	Compatibility; consistency; fitness; agreement.
Compatibly	In a compatible manner.
Compatient	Suffering or enduring together.
Compatriot	One of the same country, and having like interests and feeling.
Compatriot	Of the same country; having a common sentiment of patriotism.
Compatriotism	The condition of being compatriots.
Compear	To appear.
Compear	To appear in court personally or by attorney.
Compeer	An equal, as in rank, age, prowess, etc.; a companion; a comrade; a mate.
Compeer	To be equal with; to match.
Compeer	Alt. of Compeir
Compeir	See Compear.
Compelled	of Compel
Compelling	of Compel
Compel	To drive or urge with force, or irresistibly; to force; to constrain; to oblige; to necessitate, either by physical or moral force.
Compel	To take by force or violence; to seize; to exact; to extort.
Compel	To force to yield; to overpower; to subjugate.
Compel	To gather or unite in a crowd or company.
Compel	To call forth; to summon.
Compel	To make one yield or submit.
Compellable	Capable of being compelled or constrained.
Compellably	By compulsion.
Compellation	Style of address or salutation; an appellation.
Compellative	The name by which a person is addressed; an appellative.
Compellatory	Serving to compel; compulsory.
Compeller	One who compels or constrains.
Compend	A compendium; an epitome; a summary.
Compendiarious	Short; compendious.
Compendiate	To sum or collect together.
Compendious	Containing the substance or general principles of a subject or work in a narrow compass; abridged; summarized.
Compendiously	In a compendious manner.
Compendiousness	The state or quality of being compendious.
Compendiums	of Compendium
Compendia	of Compendium
Compendium	A brief compilation or composition, containing the principal heads, or general principles, of a larger work or system; an abridgment; an epitome; a compend; a condensed summary.
Compensated	of Compensate
Compensating	of Compensate
Compensate	To make equal return to; to remunerate; to recompense; to give an equivalent to; to requite suitably; as, to compensate a laborer for his work, or a merchant for his losses.
Compensate	To be equivalent in value or effect to; to counterbalance; to make up for; to make amends for.
Compensate	To make amends; to supply an equivalent; -- followed by for; as, nothing can compensate for the loss of reputation.
Compensation	The act or principle of compensating.
Compensation	That which constitutes, or is regarded as, an equivalent; that which makes good the lack or variation of something else; that which compensates for loss or privation; amends; remuneration; recompense.
Compensation	The extinction of debts of which two persons are reciprocally debtors by the credits of which they are reciprocally creditors; the payment of a debt by a credit of equal amount; a set-off.
Compensation	A recompense or reward for some loss or service.
Compensation	An equivalent stipulated for in contracts for the sale of real estate, in which it is customary to provide that errors in description, etc., shall not avoid, but shall be the subject of compensation.
Compensative	Affording compensation.
Compensative	Compensation.
Compensator	One who, or that which, compensates; -- a name applied to various mechanical devices.
Compensator	An iron plate or magnet placed near the compass on iron vessels to neutralize the effect of the ship's attraction on the needle.
Compensatory	Serving for compensation; making amends.
Compense	To compensate.
Comperendinate	To delay.
Compesce	To hold in check; to restrain.
Competed	of Compete
Competing	of Compete
Compete	To contend emulously; to seek or strive for the same thing, position, or reward for which another is striving; to contend in rivalry, as for a prize or in business; as, tradesmen compete with one another.
Competence	Alt. of Competency
Competency	The state of being competent; fitness; ability; adequacy; power.
Competency	Property or means sufficient for the necessaries and conveniences of life; sufficiency without excess.
Competency	Legal capacity or qualifications; fitness; as, the competency of a witness or of a evidence.
Competency	Right or authority; legal power or capacity to take cognizance of a cause; as, the competence of a judge or court.
Competent	Answering to all requirements; adequate; sufficient; suitable; capable; legally qualified; fit.
Competent	Rightfully or properly belonging; incident; -- followed by to.
Competently	In a competent manner; adequately; suitably.
Competible	Compatible; suitable; consistent.
Competition	The act of seeking, or endeavoring to gain, what another is endeavoring to gain at the same time; common strife for the same objects; strife for superiority; emulous contest; rivalry, as for approbation, for a prize, or as where two or more persons are engaged in the same business and each seeking patronage; -- followed by for before the object sought, and with before the person or thing competed with.
Competitive	Of or pertaining to competition; producing competition; competitory; as, a competitive examination.
Competitor	One who seeks what another seeks, or claims what another claims; one who competes; a rival.
Competitor	An associate; a confederate.
Competitory	Acting in competition; competing; rival.
Competitress	A woman who competes.
Competitrix	A competitress.
Compilation	The act or process of compiling or gathering together from various sources.
Compilation	That which is compiled; especially, a book or document composed of materials gathering from other books or documents.
Compilator	Compiler.
Compiled	of Compile
Compiling	of Compile
Compile	To put together; to construct; to build.
Compile	To contain or comprise.
Compile	To put together in a new form out of materials already existing; esp., to put together or compose out of materials from other books or documents.
Compile	To write; to compose.
Compilement	Compilation.
Compiler	One who compiles; esp., one who makes books by compilation.
Compinge	To compress; to shut up.
Complacence	Alt. of Complacency
Complacency	Calm contentment; satisfaction; gratification.
Complacency	The cause of pleasure or joy.
Complacency	The manifestation of contentment or satisfaction; good nature; kindness; civility; affability.
Complacent	Self-satisfied; contented; kindly; as, a complacent temper; a complacent smile.
Complacential	Marked by, or causing, complacence.
Complacently	In a complacent manner.
Complained	of Complain
Complaining	of Complain
Complain	To give utterance to expression of grief, pain, censure, regret. etc.; to lament; to murmur; to find fault; -- commonly used with of. Also, to creak or squeak, as a timber or wheel.
Complain	To make a formal accusation; to make a charge.
Complain	To lament; to bewail.
Complainable	That may be complained of.
Complainant	One who makes complaint.
Complainant	One who commences a legal process by a complaint.
Complainant	The party suing in equity, answering to the plaintiff at common law.
Complainer	One who complains or laments; one who finds fault; a murmurer.
Complaint	Expression of grief, regret, pain, censure, or resentment; lamentation; murmuring; accusation; fault-finding.
Complaint	Cause or subject of complaint or murmuring.
Complaint	An ailment or disease of the body.
Complaint	A formal allegation or charge against a party made or presented to the appropriate court or officer, as for a wrong done or a crime committed (in the latter case, generally under oath); an information; accusation; the initial bill in proceedings in equity.
Complaintful	Full of complaint.
Complaisance	Disposition to please or oblige; obliging compliance with the wishes of others; a deportment indicative of a desire to please; courtesy; civility.
Complaisant	Desirous to please; courteous; obliging; compliant; as, a complaisant gentleman.
Complanar	See Coplanar.
Complanate	Flattened to a level surface.
Complanate	To make level.
Complected	Complexioned.
Complement	That which fills up or completes; the quantity or number required to fill a thing or make it complete.
Complement	That which is required to supply a deficiency, or to complete a symmetrical whole.
Complement	Full quantity, number, or amount; a complete set; completeness.
Complement	A second quantity added to a given quantity to make it equal to a third given quantity.
Complement	Something added for ornamentation; an accessory.
Complement	The whole working force of a vessel.
Complement	The interval wanting to complete the octave; -- the fourth is the complement of the fifth, the sixth of the third.
Complement	A compliment.
Complement	To supply a lack; to supplement.
Complement	To compliment.
Complemental	Supplying, or tending to supply, a deficiency; fully completing.
Complemental	Complimentary; courteous.
Complementary	Serving to fill out or to complete; as, complementary numbers.
Complementary	One skilled in compliments.
Complete	Filled up; with no part or element lacking; free from deficiency; entire; perfect; consummate.
Complete	Finished; ended; concluded; completed; as, the edifice is complete.
Complete	Having all the parts or organs which belong to it or to the typical form; having calyx, corolla, stamens, and pistil.
Completed	of Complete
Completing	of Complete
Complete	To bring to a state in which there is no deficiency; to perfect; to consummate; to accomplish; to fulfill; to finish; as, to complete a task, or a poem; to complete a course of education.
Completely	In a complete manner; fully.
Completement	Act of completing or perfecting; completion.
Completeness	The state of being complete.
Completion	The act or process of making complete; the getting through to the end; as, the completion of an undertaking, an education, a service.
Completion	State of being complete; fulfillment; accomplishment; realization.
Completive	Making complete.
Completory	Serving to fulfill.
Completory	Same as Compline.
Complex	Composed of two or more parts; composite; not simple; as, a complex being; a complex idea.
Complex	Involving many parts; complicated; intricate.
Complex	Assemblage of related things; collection; complication.
Complexed	Complex, complicated.
Complexedness	The quality or state of being complex or involved; complication.
Complexion	The state of being complex; complexity.
Complexion	A combination; a complex.
Complexion	The bodily constitution; the temperament; habitude, or natural disposition; character; nature.
Complexion	The color or hue of the skin, esp. of the face.
Complexion	The general appearance or aspect; as, the complexion of the sky; the complexion of the news.
Complexional	Of or pertaining to constitutional complexion.
Complexionally	Constitutionally.
Complexionary	Pertaining to the complexion, or to the care of it.
Complexioned	Having (such) a complexion; -- used in composition; as, a dark-complexioned or a ruddy-complexioned person.
Complexities	of Complexity
Complexity	The state of being complex; intricacy; entanglement.
Complexity	That which is complex; intricacy; complication.
Complexly	In a complex manner; not simply.
Complexness	The state of being complex; complexity.
Complexus	A complex; an aggregate of parts; a complication.
Compliable	Capable of bending or yielding; apt to yield; compliant.
Compliance	The act of complying; a yielding; as to a desire, demand, or proposal; concession; submission.
Compliance	A disposition to yield to others; complaisance.
Compliancy	Compliance; disposition to yield to others.
Compliant	Yielding; bending; pliant; submissive.
Compliantly	In a compliant manner.
Complicacy	A state of being complicate or intricate.
Complicant	Overlapping, as the elytra of certain beetles.
Complicate	Composed of two or more parts united; complex; complicated; involved.
Complicate	Folded together, or upon itself, with the fold running lengthwise.
Complicated	of Complicate
Complicating	of Complicate
Complicate	To fold or twist together; to combine intricately; to make complex; to combine or associate so as to make intricate or difficult.
Complicately	In a complex manner.
Complicateness	Complexity.
Complication	The act or process of complicating; the state of being complicated; intricate or confused relation of parts; entanglement; complexity.
Complication	A disease or diseases, or adventitious circumstances or conditions, coexistent with and modifying a primary disease, but not necessarily connected with it.
Complices	of Complice
Complice	An accomplice.
Complicities	of Complicity
Complicity	The state of being an accomplice; participation in guilt.
Complier	One who complies, yields, or obeys; one of an easy, yielding temper.
Compliment	An expression, by word or act, of approbation, regard, confidence, civility, or admiration; a flattering speech or attention; a ceremonious greeting; as, to send one's compliments to a friend.
Compliment	To praise, flatter, or gratify, by expressions of approbation, respect, or congratulation; to make or pay a compliment to.
Compliment	To pass compliments; to use conventional expressions of respect.
Complimental	Complimentary.
Complimentary	Expressive of regard or praise; of the nature of, or containing, a compliment; as, a complimentary remark; a complimentary ticket.
Complimentative	Complimentary.
Complimenter	One who compliments; one given to complimenting; a flatterer.
Compline	Alt. of Complin
Complin	The last division of the Roman Catholic breviary; the seventh and last of the canonical hours of the Western church; the last prayer of the day, to be said after sunset.
Complot	A plotting together; a confederacy in some evil design; a conspiracy.
Complotted	of Complot
Complotting	of Complot
Complot	To plot or plan together; to conspire; to join in a secret design.
Complotment	A plotting together.
Complotter	One joined in a plot.
Complutensian	Of or pertaining to Complutum (now Alcala de Henares) a city near Madrid; as, the Complutensian Bible.
Compluvium	A space left unroofed over the court of a Roman dwelling, through which the rain fell into the impluvium or cistern.
Complied	of Comply
Complying	of Comply
Comply	To yield assent; to accord; agree, or acquiesce; to adapt one's self; to consent or conform; -- usually followed by with.
Comply	To be ceremoniously courteous; to make one's compliments.
Comply	To fulfill; to accomplish.
Comply	To infold; to embrace.
Compone	To compose; to settle; to arrange.
Compone	See Compony.
Component	Serving, or helping, to form; composing; constituting; constituent.
Component	A constituent part; an ingredient.
Compony	Alt. of Compone
Compone	Divided into squares of alternate tinctures in a single row; -- said of any bearing; or, in the case of a bearing having curved lines, divided into patches of alternate colors following the curve. If there are two rows it is called counter-compony.
Comported	of Comport
Comporting	of Comport
Comport	To bear or endure; to put up (with); as, to comport with an injury.
Comport	To agree; to accord; to suit; -- sometimes followed by with.
Comport	To bear; to endure; to brook; to put with.
Comport	To carry; to conduct; -- with a reflexive pronoun.
Comport	Manner of acting; behavior; conduct; deportment.
Comportable	Suitable; consistent.
Comportance	Behavior; comport.
Comportation	A bringing together.
Comportment	Manner of acting; behavior; bearing.
Composed	of Compose
Composing	of Compose
Compose	To form by putting together two or more things or parts; to put together; to make up; to fashion.
Compose	To form the substance of, or part of the substance of; to constitute.
Compose	To construct by mental labor; to design and execute, or put together, in a manner involving the adaptation of forms of expression to ideas, or to the laws of harmony or proportion; as, to compose a sentence, a sermon, a symphony, or a picture.
Compose	To dispose in proper form; to reduce to order; to put in proper state or condition; to adjust; to regulate.
Compose	To free from agitation or disturbance; to tranquilize; to soothe; to calm; to quiet.
Compose	To arrange (types) in a composing stick in order for printing; to set (type).
Compose	To come to terms.
Composed	Free from agitation; calm; sedate; quiet; tranquil; self-possessed.
Composer	One who composes; an author. Specifically, an author of a piece of music.
Composer	One who, or that which, quiets or calms; one who adjusts a difference.
Composing	Tending to compose or soothe.
Composing	Pertaining to, or used in, composition.
Compositae	A large family of dicotyledonous plants, having their flowers arranged in dense heads of many small florets and their anthers united in a tube. The daisy, dandelion, and asters, are examples.
Composite	Made up of distinct parts or elements; compounded; as, a composite language.
Composite	Belonging to a certain order which is composed of the Ionic order grafted upon the Corinthian. It is called also the Roman or the Italic order, and is one of the five orders recognized by the Italian writers of the sixteenth century. See Capital.
Composite	Belonging to the order Compositae; bearing involucrate heads of many small florets, as the daisy, thistle, and dandelion.
Composite	That which is made up of parts or compounded of several elements; composition; combination; compound.
Composition	The act or art of composing, or forming a whole or integral, by placing together and uniting different things, parts, or ingredients.
Composition	The invention or combination of the parts of any literary work or discourse, or of a work of art; as, the composition of a poem or a piece of music.
Composition	The art or practice of so combining the different parts of a work of art as to produce a harmonious whole; also, a work of art considered as such. See 4, below.
Composition	The act of writing for practice in a language, as English, Latin, German, etc.
Composition	The setting up of type and arranging it for printing.
Composition	The state of being put together or composed; conjunction; combination; adjustment.
Composition	A mass or body formed by combining two or more substances; as, a chemical composition.
Composition	A literary, musical, or artistic production, especially one showing study and care in arrangement; -- often used of an elementary essay or translation done as an educational exercise.
Composition	Consistency; accord; congruity.
Composition	Mutual agreement to terms or conditions for the settlement of a difference or controversy; also, the terms or conditions of settlement; agreement.
Composition	The adjustment of a debt, or avoidance of an obligation, by some form of compensation agreed on between the parties; also, the sum or amount of compensation agreed upon in the adjustment.
Composition	Synthesis as opposed to analysis.
Compositive	Having the quality of entering into composition; compounded.
Compositor	One who composes or sets in order.
Compositor	One who sets type and arranges it for use.
Compositous	Belonging to the Compositae; composite.
Compossible	Able to exist with another thing; consistent.
Compost	A mixture; a compound.
Compost	A mixture for fertilizing land; esp., a composition of various substances (as muck, mold, lime, and stable manure) thoroughly mingled and decomposed, as in a compost heap.
Compost	To manure with compost.
Compost	To mingle, as different fertilizing substances, in a mass where they will decompose and form into a compost.
Composture	Manure; compost.
Composure	The act of composing, or that which is composed; a composition.
Composure	Orderly adjustment; disposition.
Composure	Frame; make; temperament.
Composure	A settled state; calmness; sedateness; tranquillity; repose.
Composure	A combination; a union; a bond.
Compotation	The act of drinking or tippling together.
Compotator	One who drinks with another.
Compote	A preparation of fruit in sirup in such a manner as to preserve its form, either whole, halved, or quartered; as, a compote of pears.
Compound	In the East Indies, an inclosure containing a house, outbuildings, etc.
Compounded	of Compound
Compounding	of Compound
Compound	To form or make by combining different elements, ingredients, or parts; as, to compound a medicine.
Compound	To put together, as elements, ingredients, or parts, in order to form a whole; to combine, mix, or unite.
Compound	To modify or change by combination with some other thing or part; to mingle with something else.
Compound	To compose; to constitute.
Compound	To settle amicably; to adjust by agreement; to compromise; to discharge from obligation upon terms different from those which were stipulated; as, to compound a debt.
Compound	To effect a composition; to come to terms of agreement; to agree; to settle by a compromise; -- usually followed by with before the person participating, and for before the thing compounded or the consideration.
Compound	Composed of two or more elements, ingredients, parts; produced by the union of several ingredients, parts, or things; composite; as, a compound word.
Compound	That which is compounded or formed by the union or mixture of elements ingredients, or parts; a combination of simples; a compound word; the result of composition.
Compound	A union of two or more ingredients in definite proportions by weight, so combined as to form a distinct substance; as, water is a compound of oxygen and hydrogen.
Compoundable	That may be compounded.
Compounder	One who, or that which, compounds or mixes; as, a compounder of medicines.
Compounder	One who attempts to bring persons or parties to terms of agreement, or to accomplish, ends by compromises.
Compounder	One who compounds a debt, obligation, or crime.
Compounder	One at a university who pays extraordinary fees for the degree he is to take.
Compounder	A Jacobite who favored the restoration of James II, on condition of a general amnesty and of guarantees for the security of the civil and ecclesiastical constitution of the realm.
Comprador	A kind of steward or agent.
Comprecation	A praying together.
Comprehended	of Comprehend
Comprehending	of Comprehend
Comprehend	To contain; to embrace; to include; as, the states comprehended in the Austrian Empire.
Comprehend	To take in or include by construction or implication; to comprise; to imply.
Comprehend	To take into the mind; to grasp with the understanding; to apprehend the meaning of; to understand.
Comprehensibility	The quality or state of being comprehensible; capability of being understood.
Comprehensible	Capable of being comprehended, included, or comprised.
Comprehensible	Capable of being understood; intelligible; conceivable by the mind.
Comprehensibleness	The quality of being comprehensible; comprehensibility.
Comprehensibly	With great extent of signification; comprehensively.
Comprehensibly	Intelligibly; in a manner to be comprehended or understood.
Comprehension	The act of comprehending, containing, or comprising; inclusion.
Comprehension	That which is comprehended or inclosed within narrow limits; a summary; an epitome.
Comprehension	The capacity of the mind to perceive and understand; the power, act, or process of grasping with the intellect; perception; understanding; as, a comprehension of abstract principles.
Comprehension	The complement of attributes which make up the notion signified by a general term.
Comprehension	A figure by which the name of a whole is put for a part, or that of a part for a whole, or a definite number for an indefinite.
Comprehensive	Including much; comprising many things; having a wide scope or a full view.
Comprehensive	Having the power to comprehend or understand many things.
Comprehensive	Possessing peculiarities that are characteristic of several diverse groups.
Comprehensively	In a comprehensive manner; with great extent of scope.
Comprehensiveness	The quality of being comprehensive; extensiveness of scope.
Comprehensor	One who comprehends; one who has attained to a full knowledge.
Compressed	of Compress
Compressing	of Compress
Compress	To press or squeeze together; to force into a narrower compass; to reduce the volume of by pressure; to compact; to condense; as, to compress air or water.
Compress	To embrace sexually.
Compress	A folded piece of cloth, pledget of lint, etc., used to cover the dressing of wounds, and so placed as, by the aid of a bandage, to make due pressure on any part.
Compressed	Pressed together; compacted; reduced in volume by pressure.
Compressed	Flattened lengthwise.
Compressibility	The quality of being compressible of being compressible; as, the compressibility of elastic fluids.
Compressible	Capable of being pressed together or forced into a narrower compass, as an elastic or spongy substance.
Compressibleness	The quality of being compressible; compressibility.
Compression	The act of compressing, or state of being compressed.
Compressive	Compressing, or having power or tendency to compress; as, a compressive force.
Compressor	Anything which serves to compress
Compressor	A muscle that compresses certain parts.
Compressor	An instrument for compressing an artery (esp., the femoral artery) or other part.
Compressor	An apparatus for confining or flattening between glass plates an object to be examined with the microscope; -- called also compressorium.
Compressor	A machine for compressing gases; especially, an air compressor.
Compressure	Compression.
Comprint	To print together.
Comprint	To print surreptitiously a work belonging to another.
Comprint	The surreptitious printing of another's copy or book; a work thus printed.
Comprisal	The act of comprising or comprehending; a compendium or epitome.
Comprised	of Comprise
Comprising	of Comprise
Comprise	To comprehend; to include.
Comprobate	To agree; to concur.
Comprobation	Joint attestation; proof.
Comprobation	Approbation.
Compromise	A mutual agreement to refer matters in dispute to the decision of arbitrators.
Compromise	A settlement by arbitration or by mutual consent reached by concession on both sides; a reciprocal abatement of extreme demands or rights, resulting in an agreement.
Compromise	A committal to something derogatory or objectionable; a prejudicial concession; a surrender; as, a compromise of character or right.
Compromised	of Compromise
Compromising	of Compromise
Compromise	To bind by mutual agreement; to agree.
Compromise	To adjust and settle by mutual concessions; to compound.
Compromise	To pledge by some act or declaration; to endanger the life, reputation, etc., of, by some act which can not be recalled; to expose to suspicion.
Compromise	To agree; to accord.
Compromise	To make concession for conciliation and peace.
Compromiser	One who compromises.
Compromissorial	Relating to compromise.
Compromitted	of Compromit
Compromitting	of Compromit
Compromit	To pledge by some act or declaration; to promise.
Compromit	To put to hazard, by some indiscretion; to endanger; to compromise; as, to compromit the honor or the safety of a nation.
Comprovincial	Belonging to, or associated in, the same province.
Comprovincial	One who belongs to the same province.
Compsognathus	A genus of Dinosauria found in the Jurassic formation, and remarkable for having several birdlike features.
Compt	Account; reckoning; computation.
Compt	To compute; to count.
Compt	Neat; spruce.
Compter	A counter.
Compte rendu	A report of an officer or agent.
Comptible	Accountable; responsible; sensitive.
Comptly	Neatly.
Comptrol	See Control.
Comptroler	A controller; a public officer whose duty it is to examine certify accounts.
Compulsative	Compulsatory.
Compulsatively	By compulsion.
Compulsatory	Operating with force; compelling; forcing; constraining; resulting from, or enforced by, compulsion.
Compulsion	The act of compelling, or the state of being compelled; the act of driving or urging by force or by physical or moral constraint; subjection to force.
Compulsive	Having power to compel; exercising or applying compulsion.
Compulsively	By compulsion; by force.
Compulsorily	In a compulsory manner; by force or constraint.
Compulsory	Having the power of compulsion; constraining.
Compulsory	Obligatory; enjoined by authority; necessary; due to compulsion.
Compunct	Affected with compunction; conscience-stricken.
Compunction	A pricking; stimulation.
Compunction	A picking of heart; poignant grief proceeding from a sense of guilt or consciousness of causing pain; the sting of conscience.
Compunctionless	Without compunction.
Compunctious	Of the nature of compunction; caused by conscience; attended with, or causing, compunction.
Compunctiously	With compunction.
Compunctive	Sensitive in respect of wrongdoing; conscientious.
Compurgation	The act or practice of justifying or confirming a man's veracity by the oath of others; -- called also wager of law. See Purgation; also Wager of law, under Wager.
Compurgation	Exculpation by testimony to one's veracity or innocence.
Compurgator	One who bears testimony or swears to the veracity or innocence of another. See Purgation; also Wager of law, under Wager.
Compurgatorial	Relating to a compurgator or to compurgation.
Computable	Capable of being computed, numbered, or reckoned.
Computation	The act or process of computing; calculation; reckoning.
Computation	The result of computation; the amount computed.
Computed	of Compute
Computing	of Compute
Compute	To determine calculation; to reckon; to count.
Compute	Computation.
Computer	One who computes.
Computist	A computer.
Comrade	A mate, companion, or associate.
Comradery	The spirit of comradeship; comradeship.
Comradeship	The state of being a comrade; intimate fellowship.
Comrogue	A fellow rogue.
Comtism	Positivism; the positive philosophy. See Positivism.
Comtist	A disciple of Comte; a positivist.
Con-	A prefix, fr. L. cum, signifying with, together, etc. See Com-.
Con	Against the affirmative side; in opposition; on the negative side; -- The antithesis of pro, and usually in connection with it. See Pro.
Conned	of Con
Conning	of Con
Con	To know; to understand; to acknowledge.
Con	To study in order to know; to peruse; to learn; to commit to memory; to regard studiously.
Con	To conduct, or superintend the steering of (a vessel); to watch the course of (a vessel) and direct the helmsman how to steer.
Conacre	To underlet a portion of, for a single crop; -- said of a farm.
Conacre	A system of letting a portion of a farm for a single crop.
Conacre	Also used adjectively; as, the conacre system or principle.
Conarium	The pineal gland.
Conation	The power or act which directs or impels to effort of any kind, whether muscular or psychical.
Conative	Of or pertaining to conation.
Conatus	A natural tendency inherent in a body to develop itself; an attempt; an effort.
Concamerate	To arch over; to vault.
Concamerate	To divide into chambers or cells.
Concameration	An arch or vault.
Concameration	A chamber of a multilocular shell.
Concatenated	of Concatenate
Concatenating	of Concatenate
Concatenate	To link together; to unite in a series or chain, as things depending on one another.
Concatenation	A series of links united; a series or order of things depending on each other, as if linked together; a chain, a succession.
Concause	A joint cause.
Concavation	The act of making concave.
Concave	Hollow and curved or rounded; vaulted; -- said of the interior of a curved surface or line, as of the curve of the of the inner surface of an eggshell, in opposition to convex; as, a concave mirror; the concave arch of the sky.
Concave	Hollow; void of contents.
Concave	A hollow; an arched vault; a cavity; a recess.
Concave	A curved sheath or breasting for a revolving cylinder or roll.
Concaved	of Concave
Concaving	of Concave
Concave	To make hollow or concave.
Concaved	Bowed in the form of an arch; -- called also arched.
Concaveness	Hollowness; concavity.
Concavities	of Concavity
Concavity	A concave surface, or the space bounded by it; the state of being concave.
Concavo-concave	Concave or hollow on both sides; double concave.
Concavo-convex	Concave on one side and convex on the other, as an eggshell or a crescent.
Concavo-convex	Specifically, having such a combination of concave and convex sides as makes the focal axis the shortest line between them. See Illust. under Lens.
Concavous	Concave.
Concealed	of Conceal
Concealing	of Conceal
Conceal	To hide or withdraw from observation; to cover; to cover or keep from sight; to prevent the discovery of; to withhold knowledge of.
Concealable	Capable of being concealed.
Concealed	Hidden; kept from sight; secreted.
Concealer	One who conceals.
Concealment	The act of concealing; the state of being concealed.
Concealment	A place of hiding; a secret place; a retreat frem observation.
Concealment	A secret; out of the way knowledge.
Concealment	Suppression of such facts and circumstances as in justice ought to be made known.
Conceded	of Concede
Conceding	of Concede
Concede	To yield or suffer; to surrender; to grant; as, to concede the point in question.
Concede	To grant, as a right or privilege; to make concession of.
Concede	To admit to be true; to acknowledge.
Concede	To yield or make concession.
Conceit	That which is conceived, imagined, or formed in the mind; idea; thought; image; conception.
Conceit	Faculty of conceiving ideas; mental faculty; apprehension; as, a man of quick conceit.
Conceit	Quickness of apprehension; active imagination; lively fancy.
Conceit	A fanciful, odd, or extravagant notion; a quant fancy; an unnatural or affected conception; a witty thought or turn of expression; a fanciful device; a whim; a quip.
Conceit	An overweening idea of one's self; vanity.
Conceit	Design; pattern.
Conceit	To conceive; to imagine.
Conceit	To form an idea; to think.
Conceited	Endowed with fancy or imagination.
Conceited	Entertaining a flattering opinion of one's self; vain.
Conceited	Curiously contrived or designed; fanciful.
Conceitedly	In an egotistical manner.
Conceitedly	Fancifully; whimsically.
Conceitedness	The state of being conceited; conceit; vanity.
Conceitless	Without wit; stupid.
Conceivable	Capable of being conceived, imagined, or understood.
Conceived	of Conceive
Conceiving	of Conceive
Conceive	To receive into the womb and begin to breed; to begin the formation of the embryo of.
Conceive	To form in the mind; to plan; to devise; to generate; to originate; as, to conceive a purpose, plan, hope.
Conceive	To apprehend by reason or imagination; to take into the mind; to know; to imagine; to comprehend; to understand.
Conceive	To have an embryo or fetus formed in the womb; to breed; to become pregnant.
Conceive	To have a conception, idea, or opinion; think; -- with of.
Conceiver	One who conceives.
Concelebrate	To celebrate together.
Concent	Concert of voices; concord of sounds; harmony; as, a concent of notes.
Concent	Consistency; accordance.
Concentered	of Concentre
Concentred	of Concentre
Concentering	of Concentre
Concentring	of Concentre
Concenter	Alt. of Concentre
Concentre	To come to one point; to meet in, or converge toward, a common center; to have a common center.
Concenter	Alt. of Concentre
Concentre	To draw or direct to a common center; to bring together at a focus or point, as two or more lines; to concentrate.
Concentrated	of Concentrate
Concentrating	of Concentrate
Concentrate	To bring to, or direct toward, a common center; to unite more closely; to gather into one body, mass, or force; to fix; as, to concentrate rays of light into a focus; to concentrate the attention.
Concentrate	To increase the strength and diminish the bulk of, as of a liquid or an ore; to intensify, by getting rid of useless material; to condense; as, to concentrate acid by evaporation; to concentrate by washing; -- opposed to dilute.
Concentrate	To approach or meet in a common center; to consolidate; as, population tends to concentrate in cities.
Concentration	The act or process of concentrating; the process of becoming concentrated, or the state of being concentrated; concentration.
Concentration	The act or process of reducing the volume of a liquid, as by evaporation.
Concentration	The act or process of removing the dress of ore and of reducing the valuable part to smaller compass, as by currents of air or water.
Concentrative	Serving or tending to concentrate; characterized by concentration.
Concentrativeness	The quality of concentrating.
Concentrativeness	The faculty or propensity which has to do with concentrating the intellectual the intellectual powers.
Concentrator	An apparatus for the separation of dry comminuted ore, by exposing it to intermittent puffs of air.
Concentric	Alt. of Concentrical
Concentrical	Having a common center, as circles of different size, one within another.
Concentric	That which has a common center with something else.
Concentrically	In a concentric manner.
Concentricity	The state of being concentric.
Concentual	Possessing harmony; accordant.
Concept	An abstract general conception; a notion; a universal.
Conceptacle	That in which anything is contained; a vessel; a receiver or receptacle.
Conceptacle	A pericarp, opening longitudinally on one side and having the seeds loose in it; a follicle; a double follicle or pair of follicles.
Conceptacle	One of the cases containing the spores, etc., of flowerless plants, especially of algae.
Conceptibility	The quality of being conceivable; conceivableness.
Conceptible	Capable of being conceived; conceivable.
Conception	The act of conceiving in the womb; the initiation of an embryonic animal life.
Conception	The state of being conceived; beginning.
Conception	The power or faculty of apprehending of forming an idea in the mind; the power of recalling a past sensation or perception.
Conception	The formation in the mind of an image, idea, or notion, apprehension.
Conception	The image, idea, or notion of any action or thing which is formed in the mind; a concept; a notion; a universal; the product of a rational belief or judgment. See Concept.
Conception	Idea; purpose; design.
Conception	Conceit; affected sentiment or thought.
Conceptional	Pertaining to conception.
Conceptionalist	A conceptualist.
Conceptious	Apt to conceive; fruitful.
Conceptive	Capable of conceiving.
Conceptual	Pertaining to conception.
Conceptualism	A theory, intermediate between realism and nominalism, that the mind has the power of forming for itself general conceptions of individual or single objects.
Conceptualist	One who maintains the theory of conceptualism.
Concerned	of Concern
Concerning	of Concern
Concern	To relate or belong to; to have reference to or connection with; to affect the interest of; to be of importance to.
Concern	To engage by feeling or sentiment; to interest; as, a good prince concerns himself in the happiness of his subjects.
Concern	To be of importance.
Concern	That which relates or belongs to one; business; affair.
Concern	That which affects the welfare or happiness; interest; moment.
Concern	Interest in, or care for, any person or thing; regard; solicitude; anxiety.
Concern	Persons connected in business; a firm and its business; as, a banking concern.
Concerned	Disturbed; troubled; solicitous; as, to be much concerned for the safety of a friend.
Concernedly	In a concerned manner; solicitously; sympathetically.
Concerning	Pertaining to; regarding; having relation to; respecting; as regards.
Concerning	Important.
Concerning	That in which one is concerned or interested; concern; affair; interest.
Concerning	Importance; moment; consequence.
Concerning	Concern; participation; interposition.
Concerning	Emotion of mind; solicitude; anxiety.
Concerted	of Concert
Concerting	of Concert
Concert	To plan together; to settle or adjust by conference, agreement, or consultation.
Concert	To plan; to devise; to arrange.
Concert	To act in harmony or conjunction; to form combined plans.
Concert	Agreement in a design or plan; union formed by mutual communication of opinions and views; accordance in a scheme; harmony; simultaneous action.
Concert	Musical accordance or harmony; concord.
Concert	A musical entertainment in which several voices or instruments take part.
Concertante	A concert for two or more principal instruments, with orchestral accompaniment. Also adjectively; as, concertante parts.
Concertation	Strife; contention.
Concertative	Contentious; quarrelsome.
Concerted	Mutually contrived or planned; agreed on; as, concerted schemes, signals.
Concertina	A small musical instrument on the principle of the accordion. It is a small elastic box, or bellows, having free reeds on the inside, and keys and handles on the outside of each of the two hexagonal heads.
Concertino	A piece for one or more solo instruments with orchestra; -- more concise than the concerto.
Concertion	Act of concerting; adjustment.
Concertmeister	The head violinist or leader of the strings in an orchestra; the sub-leader of the orchestra; concert master.
Concertos	of Concerto
Concerto	A composition (usually in symphonic form with three movements) in which one instrument (or two or three) stands out in bold relief against the orchestra, or accompaniment, so as to display its qualities or the performer's skill.
Concession	The act of conceding or yielding; usually implying a demand, claim, or request, and thus distinguished from giving, which is voluntary or spontaneous.
Concession	A thing yielded; an acknowledgment or admission; a boon; a grant; esp. a grant by government of a privilege or right to do something; as, a concession to build a canal.
Concessionist	One who favors concession.
Concessive	Implying concession; as, a concessive conjunction.
Concessively	By way of concession.
Concessory	Conceding; permissive.
Concettism	The use of concetti or affected conceits.
Concetti	of Concetto
Concetto	Affected wit; a conceit.
Conch	A name applied to various marine univalve shells; esp. to those of the genus Strombus, which are of large size. S. gigas is the large pink West Indian conch. The large king, queen, and cameo conchs are of the genus Cassis. See Cameo.
Conch	In works of art, the shell used by Tritons as a trumpet.
Conch	One of the white natives of the Bahama Islands or one of their descendants in the Florida Keys; -- so called from the commonness of the conch there, or because they use it for food.
Conch	See Concha, n.
Conch	The external ear. See Concha, n., 2.
Concha	The plain semidome of an apse; sometimes used for the entire apse.
Concha	The external ear; esp. the largest and deepest concavity of the external ear, surrounding the entrance to the auditory canal.
Conchal	Pertaining to the concha, or external ear; as, the conchal cartilage.
Conchifer	One of the Conchifera.
Conchifera	That class of Mollusca which includes the bivalve shells; the Lamellibranchiata. See Mollusca.
Conchiferous	Producing or having shells.
Conchiform	Shaped like one half of a bivalve shell; shell-shaped.
Conchinine	See Quinidine.
Conchite	A fossil or petrified conch or shell.
Conchitic	Composed of shells; containing many shells.
Conchoid	A curve, of the fourth degree, first made use of by the Greek geometer, Nicomedes, who invented it for the purpose of trisecting an angle and duplicating the cube.
Conchoidal	Having elevations or depressions in form like one half of a bivalve shell; -- applied principally to a surface produced by fracture.
Conchological	Pertaining to, or connected with, conchology.
Conchologist	One who studies, or is versed in, conchology.
Conchology	The science of Mollusca, and of the shells which they form; malacology.
Conchometer	An instrument for measuring shells, or the angle of their spire.
Conchometry	The art of measuring shells or their curves; conchyliometry.
Concho-spiral	A kind of spiral curve found in certain univalve shells.
Conchylaceous	Alt. of Conchyliaceous
Conchyliaceous	Of or pertaining to shells; resembling a shell; as, conchyliaceous impressions.
Conchyliologist	Alt. of Conchyliology
Conchyliology	See Conchologist, and Conchology.
Conchyliometry	Same as Conchometry.
Conchylious	Conchylaceous.
Conciator	The person who weighs and proportions the materials to be made into glass, and who works and tempers them.
Concierge	One who keeps the entrance to an edifice, public or private; a doorkeeper; a janitor, male or female.
Conciliable	A small or private assembly, especially of an ecclesiastical nature.
Conciliable	Capable of being conciliated or reconciled.
Conciliabule	An obscure ecclesiastical council; a conciliable.
Conciliar	Alt. of Conciliary
Conciliary	Of or pertaining to, or issued by, a council.
Conciliated	of Conciliate
Conciliating	of Conciliate
Conciliate	To win ower; to gain from a state of hostility; to gain the good will or favor of; to make friendly; to mollify; to propitiate; to appease.
Conciliation	The act or process of conciliating; the state of being conciliated.
Conciliative	Conciliatory.
Conciliator	One who conciliates.
Conciliatory	Tending to conciliate; pacific; mollifying; propitiating.
Concinnate	To place fitly together; to adapt; to clear.
Concinnity	Internal harmony or fitness; mutual adaptation of parts; elegance; -- used chiefly of style of discourse.
Concinnous	Characterized by concinnity; neat; elegant.
Concionate	To preach.
Concionator	An haranguer of the people; a preacher.
Concionator	A common councilman.
Concionatory	Of or pertaining to preaching or public addresses.
Concise	Expressing much in a few words; condensed; brief and compacted; -- used of style in writing or speaking.
Concisely	In a concise manner; briefly.
Conciseness	The quality of being concise.
Concision	A cutting off; a division; a schism; a faction.
Concitation	The act of stirring up, exciting, or agitating.
Concite	To excite or stir up.
Conclamation	An outcry or shout of many together.
Conclave	The set of apartments within which the cardinals of the Roman Catholic Church are continuously secluded while engaged in choosing a pope.
Conclave	The body of cardinals shut up in the conclave for the election of a pope; hence, the body of cardinals.
Conclave	A private meeting; a close or secret assembly.
Conclavist	One of the two ecclesiastics allowed to attend a cardinal in the conclave.
Concluded	of Conclude
Concluding	of Conclude
Conclude	To shut up; to inclose.
Conclude	To include; to comprehend; to shut up together; to embrace.
Conclude	To reach as an end of reasoning; to infer, as from premises; to close, as an argument, by inferring; -- sometimes followed by a dependent clause.
Conclude	To make a final determination or judgment concerning; to judge; to decide.
Conclude	To bring to an end; to close; to finish.
Conclude	To bring about as a result; to effect; to make; as, to conclude a bargain.
Conclude	To shut off; to restrain; to limit; to estop; to bar; -- generally in the passive; as, the defendant is concluded by his own plea; a judgment concludes the introduction of further evidence argument.
Conclude	To come to a termination; to make an end; to close; to end; to terminate.
Conclude	To form a final judgment; to reach a decision.
Concludency	Deduction from premises; inference; conclusion.
Concludent	Bringing to a close; decisive; conclusive.
Concluder	One who concludes.
Concludingly	Conclusively.
Conclusible	Demonstrable; determinable.
Conclusion	The last part of anything; close; termination; end.
Conclusion	Final decision; determination; result.
Conclusion	Any inference or result of reasoning.
Conclusion	The inferred proposition of a syllogism; the necessary consequence of the conditions asserted in two related propositions called premises. See Syllogism.
Conclusion	Drawing of inferences.
Conclusion	An experiment, or something from which a conclusion may be drawn.
Conclusion	The end or close of a pleading, e.g., the formal ending of an indictment, "against the peace," etc.
Conclusion	An estoppel or bar by which a person is held to a particular position.
Conclusive	Belonging to a close or termination; decisive; convincing; putting an end to debate or question; leading to, or involving, a conclusion or decision.
Conclusively	In the way of conclusion; decisively; positively.
Conclusiveness	The quality of being conclusive; decisiveness.
Conclusory	Conclusive.
Concocted	of Concoct
Concocting	of Concoct
Concoct	To digest; to convert into nourishment by the organs of nutrition.
Concoct	To purify or refine chemically.
Concoct	To prepare from crude materials, as food; to invent or prepare by combining different ingredients; as, to concoct a new dish or beverage.
Concoct	To digest in the mind; to devise; to make up; to contrive; to plan; to plot.
Concoct	To mature or perfect; to ripen.
Concocter	One who concocts.
Concoction	A change in food produced by the organs of nutrition; digestion.
Concoction	The act of concocting or preparing by combining different ingredients; also, the food or compound thus prepared.
Concoction	The act of digesting in the mind; planning or devising; rumination.
Concoction	Abatement of a morbid process, as a fever and return to a normal condition.
Concoction	The act of perfecting or maturing.
Concoctive	Having the power of digesting or ripening; digestive.
Concolor	Of the same color; of uniform color.
Concolorous	Of the same color throughout.
Concomitance	Alt. of Concomitancy
Concomitancy	The state of accompanying; accompaniment.
Concomitancy	The doctrine of the existence of the entire body of Christ in the eucharist, under each element, so that the body and blood are both received by communicating in one kind only.
Concomitant	Accompanying; conjoined; attending.
Concomitant	One who, or that which, accompanies, or is collaterally connected with another; a companion; an associate; an accompaniment.
Concomitantly	In company with others; unitedly; concurrently.
Concord	A state of agreement; harmony; union.
Concord	Agreement by stipulation; compact; covenant; treaty or league.
Concord	Agreement of words with one another, in gender, number, person, or case.
Concord	An agreement between the parties to a fine of land in reference to the manner in which it should pass, being an acknowledgment that the land in question belonged to the complainant. See Fine.
Concord	An agreeable combination of tones simultaneously heard; a consonant chord; consonance; harmony.
Concord	A variety of American grape, with large dark blue (almost black) grapes in compact clusters.
Concord	To agree; to act together.
Concordable	Capable of according; agreeing; harmonious.
Concordance	Agreement; accordance.
Concordance	Concord; agreement.
Concordance	An alphabetical verbal index showing the places in the text of a book where each principal word may be found, with its immediate context in each place.
Concordance	A topical index or orderly analysis of the contents of a book.
Concordancy	Agreement.
Concordant	Agreeing; correspondent; harmonious; consonant.
Concordantly	In a concordant manner.
Concordat	A compact, covenant, or agreement concerning anything.
Concordat	An agreement made between the pope and a sovereign or government for the regulation of ecclesiastical matters with which both are concerned; as, the concordat between Pope Pius VII and Bonaparte in 1801.
Concordist	The compiler of a concordance.
Concorporate	To unite in one mass or body; to incorporate.
Concorporate	United in one body; incorporated.
Concorporation	Union of things in one mass or body.
Concourse	A moving, flowing, or running together; confluence.
Concourse	An assembly; a gathering formed by a voluntary or spontaneous moving and meeting in one place.
Concourse	The place or point of meeting or junction of two bodies.
Concourse	An open space where several roads or paths meet; esp. an open space in a park where several roads meet.
Concourse	Concurrence; cooperation.
Concreate	To create at the same time.
Concremation	The act of burning different things together.
Concrement	A growing together; the collection or mass formed by concretion, or natural union.
Concrescence	Coalescence of particles; growth; increase by the addition of particles.
Concrescible	Capable of being changed from a liquid to a solid state.
Concrescive	Growing together, or into union; uniting.
Concrete	United in growth; hence, formed by coalition of separate particles into one mass; united in a solid form.
Concrete	Standing for an object as it exists in nature, invested with all its qualities, as distinguished from standing for an attribute of an object; -- opposed to abstract.
Concrete	Applied to a specific object; special; particular; -- opposed to general. See Abstract, 3.
Concrete	A compound or mass formed by concretion, spontaneous union, or coalescence of separate particles of matter in one body.
Concrete	A mixture of gravel, pebbles, or broken stone with cement or with tar, etc., used for sidewalks, roadways, foundations, etc., and esp.  for submarine structures.
Concrete	A term designating both a quality and the subject in which it exists; a concrete term.
Concrete	Sugar boiled down from cane juice to a solid mass.
Concreted	of Concrete
Concreting	of Concrete
Concrete	To unite or coalesce, as separate particles, into a mass or solid body.
Concrete	To form into a mass, as by the cohesion or coalescence of separate particles.
Concrete	To cover with, or form of, concrete, as a pavement.
Concretely	In a concrete manner.
Concreteness	The quality of being concrete.
Concretion	The process of concreting; the process of uniting or of becoming united, as particles of matter into a mass; solidification.
Concretion	A mass or nodule of solid matter formed by growing together, by congelation, condensation, coagulation, induration, etc.; a clot; a lump; a calculus.
Concretion	A rounded mass or nodule produced by an aggregation of the material around a center; as, the calcareous concretions common in beds of clay.
Concretional	Concretionary.
Concretionary	Pertaining to, or formed by, concretion or aggregation; producing or containing concretions.
Concretive	Promoting concretion.
Concretively	In a concrete manner.
Concreture	A mass formed by concretion.
Concrew	To grow together.
Concrimination	A joint accusation.
Concubinacy	The practice of concubinage.
Concubinage	The cohabiting of a man and a woman who are not legally married; the state of being a concubine.
Concubinage	A plea, in which it is alleged that the woman suing for dower was not lawfully married to the man in whose lands she seeks to be endowed, but that she was his concubine.
Concubinal	Of or pertaining to concubinage.
Concubinarian	Concubinary.
Concubinary	Relating to concubinage; living in concubinage.
Concubinaries	of Concubinary
Concubinary	One who lives in concubinage.
Concubinate	Concubinage.
Concubine	A woman who cohabits with a man without being his wife; a paramour.
Concubine	A wife of inferior condition; a lawful wife, but not united to the man by the usual ceremonies, and of inferior condition. Such were Hagar and Keturah, the concubines of Abraham; and such concubines were allowed by the Roman laws. Their children were not heirs of their father.
Concultated	of Conculcate
Conculcating	of Conculcate
Conculcate	To tread or trample under foot.
Concupiscence	Sexual lust; morbid carnal passion.
Concupiscent	Having sexual lust; libidinous; lustful; lecherous; salacious.
Concupiscential	Relating to concupiscence.
Concupiscentious	Concupiscent.
Concupiscible	Exciting to, or liable to be affected by, concupiscence; provoking lustful desires.
Concupiscible	Exciting desire, good or evil.
Concupiscibleness	The state of being concupiscible.
Concupy	Concupiscence. [Used only in "Troilus and Cressida"]
Concurred	of Concur
Concurring	of Concur
Concur	To run together; to meet.
Concur	To meet in the same point; to combine or conjoin; to contribute or help toward a common object or effect.
Concur	To unite or agree (in action or opinion); to join; to act jointly; to agree; to coincide; to correspond.
Concur	To assent; to consent.
Concurrence	The act of concurring; a meeting or coming together; union; conjunction; combination.
Concurrence	A meeting of minds; agreement in opinion; union in design or act; -- implying joint approbation.
Concurrence	Agreement or consent, implying aid or contribution of power or influence; cooperation.
Concurrence	A common right; coincidence of equal powers; as, a concurrence of jurisdiction in two different courts.
Concurrency	Concurrence.
Concurrent	Acting in conjunction; agreeing in the same act or opinion; contributing to the same event or effect; cooperating.
Concurrent	Conjoined; associate; concomitant; existing or happening at the same time.
Concurrent	Joint and equal in authority; taking cognizance of similar questions; operating on the same objects; as, the concurrent jurisdiction of courts.
Concurrent	Meeting in one point.
Concurrent	One who, or that which, concurs; a joint or contributory cause.
Concurrent	One pursuing the same course, or seeking the same objects; hence, a rival; an opponent.
Concurrent	One of the supernumerary days of the year over fifty-two complete weeks; -- so called because they concur with the solar cycle, the course of which they follow.
Concurrently	With concurrence; unitedly.
Concurrentness	The state or quality of being concurrent; concurrence.
Concurring	Agreeing.
Concuss	To shake or agitate.
Concuss	To force (a person) to do something, or give up something, by intimidation; to coerce.
Concussation	A violent shock or agitation.
Concussion	A shaking or agitation; a shock; caused by the collision of two bodies.
Concussion	A condition of lowered functional activity, without visible structural change, produced in an organ by a shock, as by fall or blow; as, a concussion of the brain.
Concussion	The unlawful forcing of another by threats of violence to yield up something of value.
Concussive	Having the power or quality of shaking or agitating.
Cond	To con, as a ship.
Condemned	of Condemn
Condemning	of Condemn
Condemn	To pronounce to be wrong; to disapprove of; to censure.
Condemn	To declare the guilt of; to make manifest the faults or unworthiness of; to convict of guilt.
Condemn	To pronounce a judicial sentence against; to sentence to punishment, suffering, or loss; to doom; -- with to before the penalty.
Condemn	To amerce or fine; -- with in before the penalty.
Condemn	To adjudge or pronounce to be unfit for use or service; to adjudge or pronounce to be forfeited; as, the ship and her cargo were condemned.
Condemn	To doom to be taken for public use, under the right of eminent domain.
Condemnable	Worthy of condemnation; blamable; culpable.
Condemnation	The act of condemning or pronouncing to be wrong; censure; blame; disapprobation.
Condemnation	The act of judicially condemning, or adjudging guilty, unfit for use, or forfeited; the act of dooming to punishment or forfeiture.
Condemnation	The state of being condemned.
Condemnation	The ground or reason of condemning.
Condemnatory	Condemning; containing or imposing condemnation or censure; as, a condemnatory sentence or decree.
Condemned	Pronounced to be wrong, guilty, worthless, or forfeited; adjudged or sentenced to punishment, destruction, or confiscation.
Condemned	Used for condemned persons.
Condemner	One who condemns or censures.
Condensability	Capability of being condensed.
Condensable	Capable of being condensed; as, vapor is condensable.
Condensate	Made dense; condensed.
Condensated	of Condensate
Condensating	of Condensate
Condensate	To condense.
Condensation	The act or process of condensing or of being condensed; the state of being condensed.
Condensation	The act or process of reducing, by depression of temperature or increase of pressure, etc., to another and denser form, as gas to the condition of a liquid or steam to water.
Condensation	A rearrangement or concentration of the different constituents of one or more substances into a distinct and definite compound of greater complexity and molecular weight, often resulting in an increase of density, as the condensation of oxygen into ozone, or of acetone into mesitylene.
Condensative	Having the property of condensing.
Condensed	of Condense
Condensing	of Condense
Condense	To make more close, compact, or dense; to compress or concentrate into a smaller compass; to consolidate; to abridge; to epitomize.
Condense	To reduce into another and denser form, as by cold or pressure; as, to condense gas into a liquid form, or steam into water.
Condense	To become more compact; to be reduced into a denser form.
Condense	To combine or unite (as two chemical substances) with or without separation of some unimportant side products.
Condense	To undergo polymerization.
Condense	Condensed; compact; dense.
Condenser	One who, or that which, condenses.
Condenser	An instrument for condensing air or other elastic fluids, consisting of a cylinder having a movable piston to force the air into a receiver, and a valve to prevent its escape.
Condenser	An instrument for concentrating electricity by the effect of induction between conducting plates separated by a nonconducting plate.
Condenser	A lens or mirror, usually of short focal distance, used to concentrate light upon an object.
Condenser	An apparatus for receiving and condensing the volatile products of distillation to a liquid or solid form, by cooling.
Condenser	An apparatus, separate from the cylinder, in which the exhaust steam is condensed by the action of cold water or air. See Illust. of Steam engine.
Condensible	Capable of being condensed; as, a gas condensible to a liquid by cold.
Conder	One who watches shoals of fish; a balker. See Balker.
Condescended	of Condescend
Condescending	of Condescend
Condescend	To stoop or descend; to let one's self down; to submit; to waive the privilege of rank or dignity; to accommodate one's self to an inferior.
Condescend	To consent.
Condescendence	Alt. of Condescendency
Condescendency	Condescension.
Condescendingly	In a condescending manner.
Condescension	The act of condescending; voluntary descent from one's rank or dignity in intercourse with an inferior; courtesy toward inferiors.
Condescent	An act of condescension.
Condign	Worthy; suitable; deserving; fit.
Condign	Deserved; adequate; suitable to the fault or crime.
Condignity	Merit, acquired by works, which can claim reward on the score of general benevolence.
Condignly	According to merit.
Condignness	Agreeableness to deserts; suitableness.
Condiment	Something used to give relish to food, and to gratify the taste; a pungment and appetizing substance, as pepper or mustard; seasoning.
Condisciple	A schoolfellow; a fellow-student.
Condite	Preserved; pickled.
Condite	To pickle; to preserve; as, to condite pears, quinces, etc.
Condition	Mode or state of being; state or situation with regard to external circumstances or influences, or to physical or mental integrity, health, strength, etc.; predicament; rank; position, estate.
Condition	Essential quality; property; attribute.
Condition	Temperament; disposition; character.
Condition	That which must exist as the occasion or concomitant of something else; that which is requisite in order that something else should take effect; an essential qualification; stipulation; terms specified.
Condition	A clause in a contract, or agreement, which has for its object to suspend, to defeat, or in some way to modify, the principal obligation; or, in case of a will, to suspend, revoke, or modify a devise or bequest. It is also the case of a future uncertain event, which may or may not happen, and on the occurrence or non-occurrence of which, the accomplishment, recission, or modification of an obligation or testamentary disposition is made to depend.
Conditioned	of Condition
Conditioning	of Condition
Condition	To make terms; to stipulate.
Condition	To impose upon an object those relations or conditions without which knowledge and thought are alleged to be impossible.
Condition	To invest with, or limit by, conditions; to burden or qualify by a condition; to impose or be imposed as the condition of.
Condition	To contract; to stipulate; to agree.
Condition	To put under conditions; to require to pass a new examination or to make up a specified study, as a condition of remaining in one's class or in college; as, to condition a student who has failed in some branch of study.
Condition	To test or assay, as silk (to ascertain the proportion of moisture it contains).
Condition	train; acclimate.
Conditional	Containing, implying, or depending on, a condition or conditions; not absolute; made or granted on certain terms; as, a conditional promise.
Conditional	Expressing a condition or supposition; as, a conditional word, mode, or tense.
Conditional	A limitation.
Conditional	A conditional word, mode, or proposition.
Conditionality	The quality of being conditional, or limited; limitation by certain terms.
Conditionally	In a conditional manner; subject to a condition or conditions; not absolutely or positively.
Conditionate	Conditional.
Conditionate	To qualify by conditions; to regulate.
Conditionate	To put under conditions; to render conditional.
Conditioned	Surrounded; circumstanced; in a certain state or condition, as of property or health; as, a well conditioned man.
Conditioned	Having, or known under or by, conditions or relations; not independent; not absolute.
Conditionly	Conditionally.
Conditories	of Conditory
Conditory	A repository for holding things; a hinding place.
Condog	To concur; to agree.
Condolatory	Expressing condolence.
Condoled	of Condole
Condoling	of Condole
Condole	To express sympathetic sorrow; to grieve in sympathy; -- followed by with.
Condole	To lament or grieve over.
Condolement	Condolence.
Condolement	Sorrow; mourning; lamentation.
Condolence	Expression of sympathy with another in sorrow or grief.
Condoler	One who condoles.
Condonation	The act of condoning or pardoning.
Condonation	Forgiveness, either express or implied, by a husband of his wife or by a wife of her husband, for a breach of marital duty, as adultery, with an implied condition that the offense shall not be repeated.
Condoned	of Condone
Condoning	of Condone
Condone	To pardon; to forgive.
Condone	To pardon; to overlook the offense of; esp., to forgive for a violation of the marriage law; -- said of either the husband or the wife.
Condor	A very large bird of the Vulture family (Sarcorhamphus gryphus), found in the most elevated parts of the Andes.
Condottieri	of Condottiere
Condottiere	A military adventurer of the fourteenth and fifteenth centuries, who sold his services, and those of his followers, to any party in any contest.
Conduced	of Conduce
Conducing	of Conduce
Conduce	To lead or tend, esp. with reference to a favorable or desirable result; to contribute; -- usually followed by to or toward.
Conduce	To conduct; to lead; to guide.
Conducent	Conducive; tending.
Conducibility	The state or quality of being conducible; conducibleness.
Conducible	Conducive; tending; contributing.
Conducibleness	Quality of being conducible.
Conducibly	In a manner to promote.
Conducive	Loading or tending; helpful; contributive; tending to promote.
Conduciveness	The quality of conducing.
Conduct	The act or method of conducting; guidance; management.
Conduct	Skillful guidance or management; generalship.
Conduct	Convoy; escort; guard; guide.
Conduct	That which carries or conveys anything; a channel; a conduit; an instrument.
Conduct	The manner of guiding or carrying one's self; personal deportment; mode of action; behavior.
Conduct	Plot; action; construction; manner of development.
Conducted	of Conduct
Conducting	of Conduct
Conduct	To lead, or guide; to escort; to attend.
Conduct	To lead, as a commander; to direct; to manage; to carry on; as, to conduct the affairs of a kingdom.
Conduct	To behave; -- with the reflexive; as, he conducted himself well.
Conduct	To serve as a medium for conveying; to transmit, as heat, light, electricity, etc.
Conduct	To direct, as the leader in the performance of a musical composition.
Conduct	To act as a conductor (as of heat, electricity, etc.); to carry.
Conduct	To conduct one's self; to behave.
Conductibility	Capability of being conducted; as, the conductibility of heat or electricity.
Conductibility	Conductivity; capacity for receiving and transmitting.
Conductible	Capable of being conducted.
Conduction	The act of leading or guiding.
Conduction	The act of training up.
Conduction	Transmission through, or by means of, a conductor; also, conductivity.
Conductive	Having the quality or power of conducting; as, the conductive tissue of a pistil.
Conductivity	The quality or power of conducting, or of receiving and transmitting, as heat, electricity, etc.; as, the conductivity of a nerve.
Conductor	One who, or that which, conducts; a leader; a commander; a guide; a manager; a director.
Conductor	One in charge of a public conveyance, as of a railroad train or a street car.
Conductor	The leader or director of an orchestra or chorus.
Conductor	A substance or body capable of being a medium for the transmission of certain forces, esp. heat or electricity; specifically, a lightning rod.
Conductor	A grooved sound or staff used for directing instruments, as lithontriptic forceps, etc.; a director.
Conductor	Same as Leader.
Conductory	Having the property of conducting.
Conductress	A woman who leads or directs; a directress.
Conduit	A pipe, canal, channel, or passage for conveying water or fluid.
Conduit	A structure forming a reservoir for water.
Conduit	A narrow passage for private communication.
Conduplicate	Folded lengthwise along the midrib, the upper face being within; -- said of leaves or petals in vernation or aestivation.
Conduplication	A doubling together or folding; a duplication.
Condurango	See Cundurango.
Condurrite	A variety of the mineral domeykite, or copper arsenide, from the Condurra mine in Cornwall, England.
Condylar	Of or pertaining to a condyle.
Condyle	A bony prominence; particularly, an eminence at the end of a bone bearing a rounded articular surface; -- sometimes applied also to a concave articular surface.
Condyloid	Shaped like or pertaining to a condyle.
Condylomata	of Condylome
Condylomes	of Condylome
Condyloma	Alt. of Condylome
Condylome	A wartlike new growth on the outer skin or adjoining mucous membrane.
Condylopod	An arthropod.
Cone	A solid of the form described by the revolution of a right-angled triangle about one of the sides adjacent to the right angle; -- called also a right cone. More generally, any solid having a vertical point and bounded by a surface which is described by a straight line always passing through that vertical point; a solid having a circle for its base and tapering to a point or vertex.
Cone	Anything shaped more or less like a mathematical cone; as, a volcanic cone, a collection of scoriae around the crater of a volcano, usually heaped up in a conical form.
Cone	The fruit or strobile of the Coniferae, as of the pine, fir, cedar, and cypress. It is composed of woody scales, each one of which has one or two seeds at its base.
Cone	A shell of the genus Conus, having a conical form.
Cone	To render cone-shaped; to bevel like the circular segment of a cone; as, to cone the tires of car wheels.
Cone-in-cone	Consisting of a series of parallel cones, each made up of many concentric cones closely packed together; -- said of a kind of structure sometimes observed in sedimentary rocks.
Coneine	See Conine.
Conepate	Alt. of Conepatl
Conepatl	The skunk.
Cone pulley	A pulley for driving machines, etc., having two or more parts or steps of different diameters; a pulley having a conical shape.
Coney	A rabbit. See Cony.
Coney	A fish. See Cony.
Confab	Familiar talk or conversation.
Confabulated	of Confabulate
Confabulating	of Confabulate
Confabulate	To talk familiarly together; to chat; to prattle.
Confabulation	Familiar talk; easy, unrestrained, unceremonious conversation.
Confabulatory	Of the nature of familiar talk; in the form of a dialogue.
Confalon	One of a fraternity of seculars, also called Penitents.
Confarreation	A form of marriage among the Romans, in which an offering of bread was made, in presence of the high priest and at least ten witnesses.
Confated	Fated or decreed with something else.
Confected	of Confect
Confecting	of Confect
Confect	To prepare, as sweetmeats; to make a confection of.
Confect	To construct; to form; to mingle or mix.
Confect	A comfit; a confection.
Confection	A composition of different materials.
Confection	A preparation of fruits or roots, etc., with sugar; a sweetmeat.
Confection	A composition of drugs.
Confection	A soft solid made by incorporating a medicinal substance or substances with sugar, sirup, or honey.
Confectionary	A confectioner.
Confectionary	Prepared as a confection.
Confectioner	A compounder.
Confectioner	One whose occupation it is to make or sell confections, candies, etc.
Confectionery	Sweetmeats, in general; things prepared and sold by a confectioner; confections; candies.
Confectionery	A place where candies, sweetmeats, and similar things are made or sold.
Confectory	Pertaining to the art of making sweetmeats.
Confecture	Same as Confiture.
Confeder	To confederate.
Confederacies	of Confederacy
Confederacy	A league or compact between two or more persons, bodies of men, or states, for mutual support or common action; alliance.
Confederacy	The persons, bodies, states, or nations united by a league; a confederation.
Confederacy	A combination of two or more persons to commit an unlawful act, or to do a lawful act by unlawful means. See Conspiracy.
Confederate	United in a league; allied by treaty; engaged in a confederacy; banded together; allied.
Confederate	Of or pertaining to the government of the eleven Southern States of the United States which (1860-1865) attempted to establish an independent nation styled the Confederate States of America; as, the Confederate congress; Confederate money.
Confederate	One who is united with others in a league; a person or a nation engaged in a confederacy; an ally; also, an accomplice in a bad sense.
Confederate	A name designating an adherent to the cause of the States which attempted to withdraw from the Union (1860-1865).
Confederated	of Confederate
Confederating	of Confederate
Confederate	To unite in a league or confederacy; to ally.
Confederate	To unite in a league; to join in a mutual contract or covenant; to band together.
Confederater	A confederate.
Confederation	The act of confederating; a league; a compact for mutual support; alliance, particularly of princes, nations, or states.
Confederation	The parties that are confederated, considered as a unit; a confederacy.
Confederative	Of or pertaining to a confederation.
Confederator	A confederate.
Conferred	of Confer
Conferring	of Confer
Confer	To bring together for comparison; to compare.
Confer	To grant as a possession; to bestow.
Confer	To contribute; to conduce.
Confer	To have discourse; to consult; to compare views; to deliberate.
Conferee	One who is conferred with, or who takes part in a conference; as, the conferees on the part of the Senate.
Conferee	One upon whom something is conferred.
Conference	The act of comparing two or more things together; comparison.
Conference	The act of consulting together formally; serious conversation or discussion; interchange of views.
Conference	A meeting for consultation, discussion, or an interchange of opinions.
Conference	A meeting of the two branches of a legislature, by their committees, to adjust between them.
Conference	A stated meeting of preachers and others, invested with authority to take cognizance of ecclesiastical matters.
Conference	A voluntary association of Congregational churches of a district; the district in which such churches are.
Conferential	Relating to conference.
Conferrable	Capable of being conferred.
Conferree	Same as Conferee.
Conferrer	One who confers; one who converses.
Conferrer	One who bestows; a giver.
Conferruminate	Alt. of Conferruminated
Conferruminated	Closely united by the coalescence, or sticking together, of contiguous faces, as in the case of the cotyledons of the live-oak acorn.
Confervae	of Conferva
Conferva	Any unbranched, slender, green plant of the fresh-water algae. The word is frequently used in a wider sense.
Confervaceous	Belonging to the confervae.
Confervoid	Like, or related to, the confervae.
Confervous	Pertaining to confervae; consisting of, or resembling, the confervae.
Confessed	of Confess
Confessing	of Confess
Confess	To make acknowledgment or avowal in a matter pertaining to one's self; to acknowledge, own, or admit, as a crime, a fault, a debt.
Confess	To acknowledge faith in; to profess belief in.
Confess	To admit as true; to assent to; to acknowledge, as after a previous doubt, denial, or concealment.
Confess	To make known or acknowledge, as one's sins to a priest, in order to receive absolution; -- sometimes followed by the reflexive pronoun.
Confess	To hear or receive such confession; -- said of a priest.
Confess	To disclose or reveal, as an effect discloses its cause; to prove; to attest.
Confess	To make confession; to disclose sins or faults, or the state of the conscience.
Confess	To acknowledge; to admit; to concede.
Confessant	One who confesses to a priest.
Confessary	One who makes a confession.
Confessedly	By confession; without denial.
Confesser	One who makes a confession.
Confession	Acknowledgment; avowal, especially in a matter pertaining to one's self; the admission of a debt, obligation, or crime.
Confession	Acknowledgment of belief; profession of one's faith.
Confession	The act of disclosing sins or faults to a priest in order to obtain sacramental absolution.
Confession	A formulary in which the articles of faith are comprised; a creed to be assented to or signed, as a preliminary to admission to membership of a church; a confession of faith.
Confession	An admission by a party to whom an act is imputed, in relation to such act. A judicial confession settles the issue to which it applies; an extrajudical confession may be explained or rebutted.
Confessional	The recess, seat, or inclosed place, where a priest sits to hear confessions; often a small structure furnished with a seat for the priest and with a window or aperture so that the penitent who is outside may whisper into the priest's ear without being seen by him or heard by others.
Confessional	Pertaining to a confession of faith.
Confessionalism	An exaggerated estimate of the importance of giving full assent to any particular formula of the Christian faith.
Confessionalist	A priest hearing, or sitting to hear, confession.
Confessionary	A confessional.
Confessionary	Pertaining to auricular confession; as, a confessionary litany.
Confessionist	One professing a certain faith.
Confessor	One who confesses; one who acknowledges a fault, or the truth of a charge, at the risk of suffering; specifically, one who confesses himself a follower of Christ and endures persecution for his faith.
Confessor	A priest who hears the confessions of others and is authorized to grant them absolution.
Confessorship	The act or state of suffering persecution for religious faith.
Confestly	See Cofessedly.
Confidant	Alt. of Confidante
Confidante	One to whom secrets, especially those relating to affairs of love, are confided or intrusted; a confidential or bosom friend.
Confided	of Confide
Confiding	of Confide
Confide	To put faith (in); to repose confidence; to trust; -- usually followed by in; as, the prince confides in his ministers.
Confide	To intrust; to give in charge; to commit to one's keeping; -- followed by to.
Confidence	The act of confiding, trusting, or putting faith in; trust; reliance; belief; -- formerly followed by of, now commonly by in.
Confidence	That in which faith is put or reliance had.
Confidence	The state of mind characterized by one's reliance on himself, or his circumstances; a feeling of self-sufficiency; such assurance as leads to a feeling of security; self-reliance; -- often with self prefixed.
Confidence	Private conversation; (pl.) secrets shared; as, there were confidences between them.
Confidence	Trustful; without fear or suspicion; frank; unreserved.
Confidence	Having self-reliance; bold; undaunted.
Confidence	Having an excess of assurance; bold to a fault; dogmatical; impudent; presumptuous.
Confidence	Giving occasion for confidence.
Confident	See Confidant.
Confidential	Enjoying, or treated with, confidence; trusted in; trustworthy; as, a confidential servant or clerk.
Confidential	Communicated in confidence; secret.
Confidentially	In confidence; in reliance on secrecy.
Confidently	With confidence; with strong assurance; positively.
Confidentness	The quality of being confident.
Confider	One who confides.
Confiding	That confides; trustful; unsuspicious.
Configurate	To take form or position, as the parts of a complex structure; to agree with a pattern.
Configuration	Form, as depending on the relative disposition of the parts of a thing' shape; figure.
Configuration	Relative position or aspect of the planets; the face of the horoscope, according to the relative positions of the planets at any time.
Configured	of Configure
Configuring	of Configure
Configure	To arrange or dispose in a certain form, figure, or shape.
Confinable	Capable of being confined, restricted, or limited.
Confined	of Confine
Confining	of Confine
Confine	To restrain within limits; to restrict; to limit; to bound; to shut up; to inclose; to keep close.
Confine	To have a common boundary; to border; to lie contiguous; to touch; -- followed by on or with.
Confine	Common boundary; border; limit; -- used chiefly in the plural.
Confine	Apartment; place of restraint; prison.
Confineless	Without limitation or end; boundless.
Confinement	Restraint within limits; imprisonment; any restraint of liberty; seclusion.
Confinement	Restraint within doors by sickness, esp. that caused by childbirth; lying-in.
Confiner	One who, or that which, limits or restrains.
Confiner	One who lives on confines, or near the border of a country; a borderer; a near neighbor.
Confinity	Community of limits; contiguity.
Confrmed	of Confirm
Confirming	of Confirm
Confirm	To make firm or firmer; to add strength to; to establish; as, health is confirmed by exercise.
Confirm	To strengthen in judgment or purpose.
Confirm	To give new assurance of the truth of; to render certain; to verify; to corroborate; as, to confirm a rumor.
Confirm	To render valid by formal assent; to complete by a necessary sanction; to ratify; as, to confirm the appoinment of an official; the Senate confirms a treaty.
Confirm	To administer the rite of confirmation to. See Confirmation, 3.
Confirmable	That may be confirmed.
Confirmance	Confirmation.
Confirmation	The act of confirming or strengthening; the act of establishing, ratifying, or sanctioning; as, the confirmation of an appointment.
Confirmation	That which confirms; that which gives new strength or assurance; as to a statement or belief; additional evidence; proof; convincing testimony.
Confirmation	A rite supplemental to baptism, by which a person is admitted, through the laying on of the hands of a bishop, to the full privileges of the church, as in the Roman Catholic, the Episcopal Church, etc.
Confirmation	A conveyance by which a voidable estate is made sure and not voidable, or by which a particular estate is increased; a contract, express or implied, by which a person makes that firm and binding which was before voidable.
Confirmative	Tending to confirm or establish.
Confirmator	One who, or that which, confirms; a confirmer.
Confirmatory	Serving to confirm; corroborative.
Confirmatory	Pertaining to the rite of confirmation.
Confirmedly	With confirmation.
Confirmedness	A fixed state.
Confirmee	One to whom anything is confirmed.
Confirmer	One who, or that which, confirms, establishes, or ratifies; one who corroborates.
Confirmingly	In a confirming manner.
Confiscable	Capable of being confiscated; liable to forfeiture.
Confiscate	Seized and appropriated by the government to the public use; forfeited.
Confiscated	of Confiscate
Confiscating	of Confiscate
Confiscate	To seize as forfeited to the public treasury; to appropriate to the public use.
Confiscation	The act or process of taking property or condemning it to be taken, as forfeited to the public use.
Confiscator	One who confiscates.
Confiscatory	Effecting confiscation; characterized by confiscations.
Confit	Same as Comfit.
Confitent	One who confesses his sins and faults.
Confiteor	A form of prayer in which public confession of sins is made.
Confiture	Composition; preparation, as of a drug, or confection; a sweetmeat.
Confixed	of Confix
Confix	To fix; to fasten.
Confixure	Act of fastening.
Conflagrant	Burning together in a common flame.
Conflagration	A fire extending to many objects, or over a large space; a general burning.
Conflated	of Conflate
Conflating	of Conflate
Conflate	To blow together; to bring together; to collect;  to fuse together; to join or weld; to consolidate.
Conflation	A blowing together, as of many instruments in a concert, or of many fires in a foundry.
Conflict	A striking or dashing together; violent collision; as, a conflict of elements or waves.
Conflict	A strife for the mastery; hostile contest; battle; struggle; fighting.
Conflicted	of Conflict
Conflicting	of Conflict
Conflict	To strike or dash together; to meet in violent collision; to collide.
Conflict	To maintain a conflict; to contend; to engage in strife or opposition; to struggle.
Conflict	To be in opposition; to be contradictory.
Conflicting	Being in conflict or collision, or in opposition; contending; contradictory; incompatible; contrary; opposing.
Conflictive	Tending to conflict; conflicting.
Confluence	The act of flowing together; the meeting or junction of two or more streams; the place of meeting.
Confluence	Any running together of separate streams or currents; the act of meeting and crowding in a place; hence, a crowd; a concourse; an assemblage.
Confluent	Flowing together; meeting in their course; running one into another.
Confluent	Blended into one; growing together, so as to obliterate all distinction.
Confluent	Running together or uniting, as pimples or pustules.
Confluent	Characterized by having the pustules, etc., run together or unite, so as to cover the surface; as, confluent smallpox.
Confluent	A small steam which flows into a large one.
Confluent	The place of meeting of steams, currents, etc.
Conflux	A flowing together; a meeting of currents.
Conflux	A large assemblage; a passing multitude.
Confluxibility	The  tendency of fluids to run together.
Confluxible	Inclined to flow or run together.
Confocal	Having the same foci; as, confocal quadrics.
Conform	Of the same form; similar in import; conformable.
Conformed	of Conform
Conforming	of Conform
Conform	To shape in accordance with; to make like; to bring into harmony or agreement with; -- usually with to or unto.
Conform	To be in accord or harmony; to comply; to be obedient; to submit; -- with to or with.
Conform	To comply with the usages of the Established Church; to be a conformist.
Conformability	The state of being conformable.
Conformability	The parallelism of two sets of strata which are in contact.
Conformable	Corresponding in form, character, opinions, etc.; similar; like; consistent; proper or suitable; -- usually followed by to.
Conformable	Disposed to compliance or obedience; ready to follow direstions; submissive; compliant.
Conformable	Parallel, or nearly so; -- said of strata in contact.
Conformableness	The quality of being conformable; conformability.
Conformably	With conformity or in conformity; suitably; agreeably.
Conformance	Conformity.
Conformate	Having the same form.
Conformation	The act of conforming; the act of producing conformity.
Conformation	The state of being conformed; agreement; hence; structure, as depending on the arrangement of parts; form; arrangement.
Conformer	One who conforms; one who complies with established forms or doctrines.
Conformist	One who conforms or complies; esp., one who conforms to the Church of England, or to the Established Church, as distinguished from a dissenter or nonconformist.
Conformities	of Conformity
Conformity	Correspondence in form, manner, or character; resemblance; agreement; congruity; -- followed by to, with, or between.
Conformity	Compliance with the usages of the Established Church.
Confortation	The act of strengthening.
Confounded	of Confound
Confounding	of Confound
Confound	To mingle and blend, so that different elements can not be distinguished; to confuse.
Confound	To mistake for another; to identify falsely.
Confound	To throw into confusion or disorder; to perplex; to strike with amazement; to dismay.
Confound	To destroy; to ruin; to waste.
Confounded	Confused; perplexed.
Confounded	Excessive; extreme; abominable.
Confoundedly	Extremely; odiously; detestable.
Confoundedness	The state of being confounded.
Confounder	One who confounds.
Confract	Broken in pieces; severed.
Confragose	Broken; uneven.
Confraternities	of Confraternity
Confraternity	A society of body of men united for some purpose, or in some profession; a brotherhood.
Confrere	Fellow member of a fraternity; intimate associate.
Confrication	A rubbing together; friction.
Confrier	A confr/re.
Confronted	of Confront
Confronting	of Confront
Confront	To stand facing or in front of; to face; esp. to face hostilely; to oppose with firmness.
Confront	To put face to face; to cause to face or to meet; as, to confront one with the proofs of his wrong doing.
Confront	To set in opposition for examination; to put in contrast; to compare.
Confrontation	Act of confrontating.
Confronte	Same as Affronte.
Confronter	One who confronts.
Confrontment	The act of confronting; the state of being face to face.
Confrontment	The act of confronting; the state of being face to face.
Confucian	Of, or relating to, Confucius, the great Chinese philosopher and teacher.
Confucian	A Confucianist.
Confucianism	The political morality taught by Confucius and his disciples, which forms the basis of the Chinese jurisprudence and education. It can hardly be called a religion, as it does not inculcate the worship of any god.
Confucianist	A follower of Confucius; a Confucian.
Confus	Confused, disturbed.
Confusability	Capability of being confused.
Confusable	Capable of being confused.
Confuse	Mixed; confounded.
Confused	of Confuse
Confusing	of Confuse
Confuse	To mix or blend so that things can not be distinguished; to jumble together; to confound; to render indistinct or obscure; as, to confuse accounts; to confuse one's vision.
Confuse	To perplex; to disconcert; to abash; to cause to lose self-possession.
Confusedly	In a confused manner.
Confusedness	A state of confusion.
Confusely	Confusedly; obscurely.
Confusion	The state of being mixed or blended so as to produce indistinctness or error; indistinct combination; disorder; tumult.
Confusion	The state of being abashed or disconcerted; loss self-possession; perturbation; shame.
Confusion	Overthrow; defeat; ruin.
Confusion	One who confuses; a confounder.
Confusive	Confusing; having a tendency to confusion.
Confutable	That may be confuted.
Confutant	One who undertakes to confute.
Confutation	The act or process of confuting; refutation.
Confutative	Adapted or designed to confute.
Confuted	of Confute
Confuting	of Confute
Confute	To overwhelm by argument; to refute conclusively; to prove or show to be false or defective; to overcome; to silence.
Confutement	Confutation.
Confuter	One who confutes or disproves.
Cong	An abbreviation of Congius.
Conge	The act of taking leave; parting ceremony; farewell; also, dismissal.
Conge	The customary act of civility on any occasion; a bow or a courtesy.
Conge	An apophyge.
Conge	To take leave with the customary civilities; to bow or courtesy.
Congeable	Permissible; done lawfully; as, entry congeable.
Congealed	of Congeal
Congealing	of Congeal
Congeal	To change from a fluid to a solid state by cold; to freeze.
Congeal	To affect as if by freezing; to check the flow of, or cause to run cold; to chill.
Congeal	To grow hard, stiff, or thick, from cold or other causes; to become solid; to freeze; to cease to flow; to run cold; to be chilled.
Congealable	Capable of being congealed.
Congealedness	The state of being congealed.
Congealment	The act or the process of congealing; congeliation.
Congealment	That which is formed by congelation; a clot.
Congee	See Conge, Conge.
Congee	Boiled rice; rice gruel.
Congee	A jail; a lockup.
Congelation	The act or process of passing, or causing to pass, from a fluid to a solid state, as by the abstraction of heat; the act or process of freezing.
Congelation	The state of being congealed.
Congelation	That which is congealed.
Congener	A thing of the same genus, species, or kind; a thing allied in nature, character, or action.
Congeneracy	Similarity of origin; affinity.
Congeneric	Alt. of Congenerical
Congenerical	Belonging to the same genus; allied in origin, nature, or action.
Congenerous	Allied in origin or cause; congeneric; as, congenerous diseases.
Congenial	Partaking of the same nature; allied by natural characteristics; kindred; sympathetic.
Congenial	Naturally adapted; suited to the disposition.
Congeniality	The state or quality of being congenial; natural affinity; adaptation; suitableness.
Congenialize	To make congenial.
Congenially	In a congenial manner; as, congenially married or employed.
Congenialness	Congeniality.
Congenious	Congeneric.
Congenital	Existing at, or dating from, birth; pertaining to one from birth; born with one; connate; constitutional; natural; as, a congenital deformity. See Connate.
Congenitally	In a congenital manner.
Congenite	Congenital; connate; inborn. See Congenital.
Conger	The conger eel; -- called also congeree.
Congeries	A collection of particles or bodies into one mass; a heap; an aggregation.
Congest	To collect or gather into a mass or aggregate; to bring together; to accumulate.
Congest	To cause an overfullness of the blood vessels (esp. the capillaries) of an organ or part.
Congested	Crowded together.
Congested	Containing an unnatural accumulation of blood; hyperaemic; -- said of any part of the body.
Congestion	The act of gathering into a heap or mass; accumulation.
Congestion	Overfullness of the capillary and other blood vessels, etc., in any locality or organ (often producing other morbid symptoms); local hyper/mia, active or passive; as, arterial congestion; venous congestion; congestion of the lungs.
Congestive	Pertaining to, indicating, or attended with, congestion in some part of the body; as, a congestive fever.
Congiaries	of Congiary
Congiary	A present, as of corn, wine, or oil, made by a Roman emperor to the soldiers or the people; -- so called because measured to each in a congius.
Congius	A liquid measure containing about three quarts.
Congius	A gallon, or four quarts.
Conglaciate	To turn to ice; to freeze.
Conglaciation	The act or process of changing into ice, or the state of being converted to ice; a freezing; congelation; also, a frost.
Conglobate	Collected into, or forming, a rounded mass or ball; as, the conglobate [lymphatic] glands; conglobate flowers.
Conglobated	of Conglobate
Conglobating	of Conglobate
Conglobate	To collect or form into a ball or rounded mass; to gather or mass together.
Conglobation	The act or process of forming into a ball.
Conglobation	A round body.
Conglobed	of Conglobe
Conglobing	of Conglobe
Conglobe	To gather into a ball; to collect into a round mass.
Conglobe	To collect, unite, or coalesce in a round mass.
Conglobulate	To gather into a small round mass.
Conglomerate	Gathered into a ball or a mass; collected together; concentrated; as, conglomerate rays of light.
Conglomerate	Closely crowded together; densly clustered; as, conglomerate flowers.
Conglomerate	Composed of stones, pebbles, or fragments of rocks, cemented together.
Conglomerate	That which is heaped together in a mass or conpacted from various sources; a mass formed of fragments; collection; accumulation.
Conglomerate	A rock, composed or rounded fragments of stone cemented together by another mineral substance, either calcareous, siliceous, or argillaceous; pudding stone; -- opposed to agglomerate. See Breccia.
Conglomerated	of Conglomerate
Conglomerating	of Conglomerate
Conglomerate	To gather into a ball or round body; to collect into a mass.
Conglomeration	The act or process of gathering into a mass; the state of being thus collected; collection; accumulation; that which is conglomerated; a mixed mass.
Conglutin	A variety of vegetable casein, resembling legumin, and found in almonds, rye, wheat, etc.
Conglutinant	Cementing together; uniting closely; causing to adhere; promoting healing, as of a wound or a broken bone, by adhesion of the parts.
Conglutinate	Glued together; united, as by some adhesive substance.
Conglutinated	of Conglutinate
Conglutinate	To glue together; to unite by some glutinous or tenacious substance; to cause to adhere or to grow together.
Conglutinate	To unite by the intervention of some glutinous substance; to coalesce.
Conglutination	A gluing together; a joining by means of some tenacious substance; junction; union.
Conglutinative	Conglutinant.
Congou	Alt. of Congo
Congo	Black tea, of higher grade (finer leaf and less dusty) than the present bohea. See Tea.
Congo snake	An amphibian (Amphiuma means) of the order Urodela, found in the southern United States. See Amphiuma.
Congratulant	Rejoicing together; congratulatory.
Congratulated	of Congratulate
Congratulating	of Congratulate
Congratulate	To address with expressions of sympathetic pleasure on account of some happy event affecting the person addressed; to wish joy to.
Congratulate	To express of feel sympathetic joy; as, to congratulate with one's country.
Congratulation	The act of congratulating; an expression of sympathetic pleasure.
Congratulator	One who offers congratulation.
Congratulatory	Expressive of sympathetic joy; as, a congratulatory letter.
Congree	To agree.
Congreet	To salute mutually.
Congregate	Collected; compact; close.
Congregated	of Congregate
Congregating	of Congregate
Congregate	To collect into an assembly or assemblage; to assemble; to bring into one place, or into a united body; to gather together; to mass; to compact.
Congregate	To come together; to assemble; to meet.
Congregation	The act of congregating, or bringing together, or of collecting into one aggregate or mass.
Congregation	A collection or mass of separate things.
Congregation	An assembly of persons; a gathering; esp. an assembly of persons met for the worship of God, and for religious instruction; a body of people who habitually so meet.
Congregation	The whole body of the Jewish people; -- called also Congregation of the Lord.
Congregation	A body of cardinals or other ecclesiastics to whom as intrusted some department of the church business; as, the Congregation of the Propaganda, which has charge of the missions of the Roman Catholic Church.
Congregation	A company of religious persons forming a subdivision of a monastic order.
Congregation	The assemblage of Masters and Doctors at Oxford or Cambrige University, mainly for the granting of degrees.
Congregation	the name assumed by the Protestant party under John Knox. The leaders called themselves (1557) Lords of the Congregation.
Congregational	Of or pertaining to a congregation; conducted, or participated in, by a congregation; as, congregational singing.
Congregational	Belonging to the system of Congregationalism, or to Congregationalist; holding to the faith and polity of Congregationalism; as, a Congregational church.
Congregationalism	That system of church organization which vests all ecclesiastical power in the assembled brotherhood of each local church.
Congregationalism	The faith and polity of the Congregational churches, taken collectively.
Congregationalist	One who belongs to a Congregational church or society; one who holds to Congregationalism.
Congresses	of Congress
Congress	A meeting of individuals, whether friendly or hostile; an encounter.
Congress	A sudden encounter; a collision; a shock; -- said of things.
Congress	The coming together of a male and female in sexual commerce; the act of coition.
Congress	A gathering or assembly; a conference.
Congress	A formal assembly, as of princes, deputies, representatives, envoys, or commissioners; esp., a meeting of the representatives of several governments or societies to consider and determine matters of common interest.
Congress	The collective body of senators and representatives of the people of a nation, esp. of a republic, constituting the chief legislative body of the nation.
Congress	The lower house of the Spanish Cortes, the members of which are elected for three years.
Congression	A coming or bringing together, as in a public meeting, in a dispute, in the act of comparing, or in sexual intercourse.
Congressional	Of or pertaining to a congress, especially, to the Congress of the United States; as, congressional debates.
Congressive	Encountering, or coming together.
Congressmen	of Congressman
Congressman	A member of the Congress of the United States, esp. of the House of Representatives.
Congreve rocket	See under Rocket.
Congrue	To agree; to be suitable.
Congruence	Suitableness of one thing to another; agreement; consistency.
Congruency	Congruence.
Congruent	Possessing congruity; suitable; agreeing; corresponding.
Congruism	See Congruity.
Congruities	of Congruity
Congruity	The state or quality of being congruous; the relation or agreement between things; fitness; harmony; correspondence; consistency.
Congruity	Coincidence, as that of lines or figures laid over one another.
Congruity	That, in an imperfectly good persons, which renders it suitable for God to bestow on him gifts of grace.
Congruous	Suitable or concordant; accordant; fit; harmonious; correspondent; consistent.
Congruously	In a congruous manner.
Conhydrine	A vegetable alkaloid found with conine in the poison hemlock (Conium maculatum). It is a white crystalline substance, C8H17NO, easily convertible into conine.
Conia	Same as Conine.
Conic	Alt. of Conical
Conical	Having the form of, or resembling, a geometrical cone; round and tapering to a point, or gradually lessening in circumference; as, a conic or conical figure; a conical vessel.
Conical	Of or pertaining to a cone; as, conic sections.
Conic	A conic section.
Conicality	Conicalness.
Conically	In the form of a cone.
Conicalness	State or quality of being conical.
Conico-	A combining form, meaning somewhat resembling a cone; as, conico-cylindrical, resembling a cone and a cylinder; conico-hemispherical; conico-subulate.
Conicoid	Same as Conoidal.
Conics	That branch of geometry which treats of the cone and the curves which arise from its sections.
Conics	Conic sections.
Conida	of Conidium
Conidium	A peculiar kind of reproductive cell found in certain fungi, and often containing zoospores.
Conifer	A tree or shrub bearing cones; one of the order Coniferae, which includes the pine, cypress, and (according to some) the yew.
Coniferin	A glucoside extracted from the cambium layer of coniferous trees as a white crystalline substance.
Coniferous	Bearing cones, as the pine and cypress.
Coniferous	Pertaining to the order Coniferae, of which the pine tree is the type.
Coniform	Cone-shaped; conical.
Coniine	See Conine.
Conimene	Same as Olibene.
Conine	A powerful and very poisonous vegetable alkaloid found in the hemlock (Conium maculatum) and extracted as a colorless oil, C8H17N, of strong repulsive odor and acrid taste. It is regarded as a derivative of piperidine and likewise of one of the collidines. It occasions a gradual paralysis of the motor nerves. Called also coniine, coneine, conia, etc.  See Conium, 2.
Coniroster	One of the Conirostres.
Conirostral	Belonging to the Conirostres.
Conirostres	A tribe of perching birds, including those which have a strong conical bill, as the finches.
Conisor	See Cognizor.
Conistra	Originally, a part of the palestra, or gymnasium among the Greeks; either the place where sand was stored for use in sprinkling the wrestlers, or the wrestling ground itself. Hence, a part of the orchestra of the Greek theater.
Conite	A magnesian variety of dolomite.
Conium	A genus of biennial, poisonous, white-flowered, umbelliferous plants, bearing ribbed fruit ("seeds") and decompound leaves.
Conium	The common hemlock (Conium maculatum, poison hemlock, spotted hemlock, poison parsley), a roadside weed of Europe, Asia, and America, cultivated in the United States for medicinal purpose. It is an active poison. The leaves and fruit are used in medicine.
Conject	To throw together, or to throw.
Conject	To conjecture; also, to plan.
Conjector	One who guesses or conjectures.
Conjecturable	Capable of being conjectured or guessed.
Conjectural	Dependent on conjecture; fancied; imagined; guessed at; undetermined; doubtful.
Conjecturalist	A conjecturer.
Conjecturally	That which depends upon guess; guesswork.
Conjecturally	In a conjectural manner; by way of conjecture.
Conjecture	An opinion, or judgment, formed on defective or presumptive evidence; probable inference; surmise; guess; suspicion.
Conjectured	of Conjecture
Conjecturing	of Conjecture
Conjecture	To arrive at by conjecture; to infer on slight evidence; to surmise; to guess; to form, at random, opinions concerning.
Conjecture	To make conjectures; to surmise; to guess; to infer; to form an opinion; to imagine.
Conjecturer	One who conjectures.
Conjoined	of Conjoin
Conjoining	of Conjoin
Conjoin	To join together; to unite.
Conjoin	To unite; to join; to league.
Conjoined	Joined together or touching.
Conjoint	United; connected; associated.
Conjointly	In a conjoint manner; untitedly; jointly; together.
Conjointness	The quality of being conjoint.
Conjubilant	Shouting together for joy; rejoicing together.
Conjugal	Belonging to marriage; suitable or appropriate to the marriage state or to married persons; matrimonial; connubial.
Conjugality	The conjugal state; sexual intercourse.
Conjugally	In a conjugal manner; matrimonially; connubially.
Conjugate	United in pairs; yoked together; coupled.
Conjugate	In single pairs; coupled.
Conjugate	Containing two or more radicals supposed to act the part of a single one.
Conjugate	Agreeing in derivation and radical signification; -- said of words.
Conjugate	Presenting themselves simultaneously and having reciprocal properties; -- frequently used in pure and applied mathematics with reference to two quantities, points, lines, axes, curves, etc.
Conjugate	A word agreeing in derivation with another word, and therefore generally resembling it in signification.
Conjugate	A complex radical supposed to act the part of a single radical.
Conjugated	of Conjugate
Conjugating	of Conjugate
Conjugate	To unite in marriage; to join.
Conjugate	To inflect (a verb), or give in order the forms which it assumed in its several voices, moods, tenses, numbers, and persons.
Conjugate	To unite in a kind of sexual union, as two or more cells or individuals among the more simple plants and animals.
Conjugation	the act of uniting or combining; union; assemblage.
Conjugation	Two things conjoined; a pair; a couple.
Conjugation	The act of conjugating a verb or giving in order its various parts and inflections.
Conjugation	A scheme in which are arranged all the parts of a verb.
Conjugation	A class of verbs conjugated in the same manner.
Conjugation	A kind of sexual union; -- applied to a blending of the contents of two or more cells or individuals in some plants and lower animals, by which new spores or germs are developed.
Conjugational	relating to conjugation.
Conjugial	Conjugal.
Conjugium	The marriage tie.
Conjunct	United; conjoined; concurrent.
Conjunct	Same as Conjoined.
Conjunction	The act of conjoining, or the state of being conjoined, united, or associated; union; association; league.
Conjunction	The meeting of two or more stars or planets in the same degree of the zodiac; as, the conjunction of the moon with the sun, or of Jupiter and Saturn. See the Note under Aspect, n., 6.
Conjunction	A connective or connecting word; an indeclinable word which serves to join together sentences, clauses of a sentence, or words; as, and, but, if.
Conjunctional	Relating to a conjunction.
Conjunctiva	The mucous membrane which covers the external surface of the ball of the eye and the inner surface of the lids; the conjunctival membrane.
Conjunctival	Joining; connecting.
Conjunctival	Of or pertaining to the conjunctiva.
Conjunctive	Serving to unite; connecting together.
Conjunctive	Closely united.
Conjunctively	In conjunction or union; together.
Conjunctiveness	The state or quality of being conjunctive.
Conjunctivitis	Inflammation of the conjunctiva.
Conjunctly	In union; conjointly; unitedly; together.
Conjuncture	The act of joining, or state of being joined; union; connection; combination.
Conjuncture	A crisis produced by a combination of circumstances; complication or combination of events or circumstances; plight resulting from various conditions.
Conjuration	The act of calling or summoning by a sacred name, or in solemn manner; the act of binding by an oath; an earnest entreaty; adjuration.
Conjuration	The act or process of invoking supernatural aid by the use of a magical form of words; the practice of magic arts; incantation; enchantment.
Conjuration	A league for a criminal purpose; conspiracy.
Conjurator	One who swears or is sworn with others; one bound by oath with others; a compurgator.
Conjured	of Conjure
Conjuring	of Conjure
Conjure	To call on or summon by a sacred name or in solemn manner; to implore earnestly; to adjure.
Conjure	To combine together by an oath; to conspire; to confederate.
Conjure	To affect or effect by conjuration; to call forth or send away by magic arts; to excite or alter, as if by magic or by the aid of supernatural powers.
Conjure	To practice magical arts; to use the tricks of a conjurer; to juggle; to charm.
Conjurement	Serious injunction; solemn demand or entreaty.
Conjurer	One who conjures; one who calls, entreats, or charges in a solemn manner.
Conjurer	One who practices magic arts; one who pretends to act by the aid super natural power; also, one who performs feats of legerdemain or sleight of hand.
Conjurer	One who conjectures shrewdly or judges wisely; a man of sagacity.
Conjuror	One bound by a common oath with others.
Conjury	The practice of magic; enchantment.
Conn	See Con, to direct a ship.
Connascence	Alt. of Connascency
Connascency	The common birth of two or more at the same tome; production of two or more together.
Connascency	That which is born or produced with another.
Connascency	The act of growing together.
Connascent	Born together; produced at the same time.
Connate	Born with another; being of the same birth.
Connate	Congenital; existing from birth.
Connate	Congenitally united; growing from one base, or united at their bases; united into one body; as, connate leaves or athers. See Illust. of Connate-perfoliate.
Connate-perfoliate	Connate or coalescent at the base so as to produce a broad foliaceous body through the center of which the stem passes; -- applied to leaves, as the leaves of the boneset.
Connation	Connection by birth; natural union.
Connatural	Connected by nature; united in nature; inborn; inherent; natural.
Connatural	Partaking of the same nature.
Connaturality	Participation of the same nature; natural union or connection.
Connaturalize	To bring to the same nature as something else; to adapt.
Connaturally	By the act of nature; originally; from birth.
Connaturalness	Participation of the same nature; natural union.
Connature	Participation in a common nature or character.
Connected	of Connect
Connecting	of Connect
Connect	To join, or fasten together, as by something intervening; to associate; to combine; to unite or link together; to establish a bond or relation between.
Connect	To associate (a person or thing, or one's self) with another person, thing, business, or affair.
Connect	To join, unite, or cohere; to have a close relation; as, one line of railroad connects with another; one argument connect with another.
Connectedly	In a connected manner.
Connection	The act of connecting, or the state of being connected; junction; union; alliance; relationship.
Connection	That which connects or joins together; bond; tie.
Connection	A relation; esp. a person connected with another by marriage rather than by blood; -- used in a loose and indefinite, and sometimes a comprehensive, sense.
Connection	The persons or things that are connected; as, a business connection; the Methodist connection.
Connective	Connecting, or adapted to connect; involving connection.
Connective	That which connects
Connective	A word that connect words or sentences; a conjunction or preposition.
Connective	That part of an anther which connects its thecae, lobes, or cells.
Connectively	In connjunction; jointly.
Connector	One who, or that which, connects
Connector	A flexible tube for connecting the ends of glass tubes in pneumatic experiments.
Connector	A device for holding two parts of an electrical conductor in contact.
Conner	A marine European fish (Crenilabrus melops); also, the related American cunner. See Cunner.
Connex	To connect.
Connexion	Connection. See Connection.
Connexive	See Connective.
Conning tower	The shot-proof pilot house of a war vessel.
Connivance	Intentional failure or forbearance to discover a fault or wrongdoing; voluntary oversight; passive consent or cooperation.
Connivance	Corrupt or guilty assent to wrongdoing, not involving actual participation in, but knowledge of, and failure to prevent or oppose it.
Connived	of Connive
Conniving	of Connive
Connive	To open and close the eyes rapidly; to wink.
Connive	To close the eyes upon a fault; to wink (at); to fail or forbear by intention to discover an act; to permit a proceeding, as if not aware of it; -- usually followed by at.
Connive	To shut the eyes to; to overlook; to pretend not to see.
Connivency	Connivance.
Connivent	Forbearing to see; designedly inattentive; as, connivent justice.
Connivent	Brought close together; arched inward so that the points meet; converging; in close contact; as, the connivent petals of a flower, wings of an insect, or folds of membrane in the human system, etc.
Conniver	One who connives.
Connoisseur	One well versed in any subject; a skillful or knowing person; a critical judge of any art, particulary of one of the fine arts.
Connoisseurship	State of being a connoisseur.
Connotate	To connote; to suggest or designate (something) as additional; to include; to imply.
Connotation	The act of connoting; a making known or designating something additional; implication of something more than is asserted.
Connotative	Implying something additional; illative.
Connotative	Implying an attribute. See Connote.
Connotatively	In a connotative manner; expressing connotation.
Connoted	of Connote
Connoting	of Connote
Connote	To mark along with; to suggest or indicate as additional; to designate by implication; to include in the meaning; to imply.
Connote	To imply as an attribute.
Connubial	Of or pertaining to marriage, or the marriage state; conjugal; nuptial.
Connubiality	The quality of being connubial; something characteristics of the conjugal state; an expression of connubial tenderness.
Connumeration	A reckoning together.
Connusance	See Cognizance.
Connusant	See Cognizant.
Connusor	See Cognizor.
Connutritious	Nutritious by force of habit; -- said of certain kinds of food.
Conny	Brave; fine; canny.
Conodont	A peculiar toothlike fossil of many forms, found especially in carboniferous rocks. Such fossils are supposed by some to be the teeth of marsipobranch fishes, but they are probably the jaws of annelids.
Conoid	Anything that has a form resembling that of a cone.
Conoid	A solid formed by the revolution of a conic section about its axis; as, a parabolic conoid, elliptic conoid, etc.; -- more commonly called paraboloid, ellipsoid, etc.
Conoid	A surface which may be generated by a straight line moving in such a manner as always to meet a given straight line and a given curve, and continue parallel to a given plane.
Conoid	Resembling a cone; conoidal.
Conoidal	Nearly, but not exactly, conical.
Conoidic	Alt. of Conoidical
Conoidical	Pertaining to a conoid; having the form of a conoid.
Conominee	One nominated in conjunction with another; a joint nominee.
Conquadrate	To bring into a square.
Conquassate	To shake; to agitate.
Conquered	of Conquer
Conquering	of Conquer
Conquer	To gain or acquire by force; to take possession of by violent means; to gain dominion over; to subdue by physical means; to reduce; to overcome by force of arms; to cause to yield; to vanquish.
Conquer	To subdue or overcome by mental or moral power; to surmount; as, to conquer difficulties, temptation, etc.
Conquer	To gain or obtain, overcoming obstacles in the way; to win; as, to conquer freedom; to conquer a peace.
Conquer	To gain the victory; to overcome; to prevail.
Conquerable	Capable of being conquered or subdued.
Conqueress	A woman who conquers.
Conqueror	One who conquers.
Conquest	The act or process of conquering, or acquiring by force; the act of overcoming or subduing opposition by force, whether physical or moral; subjection; subjugation; victory.
Conquest	That which is conquered; possession gained by force, physical or moral.
Conquest	The acquiring of property by other means than by inheritance; acquisition.
Conquest	The act of gaining or regaining by successful struggle; as, the conquest of liberty or peace.
Consanguineal	Of the same blood; related by birth.
Consanguined	Of kin blood; related.
Consanguineous	Of the same blood; related by birth; descended from the same parent or ancestor.
Consanguinity	The relation of persons by blood, in distinction from affinity or relation by marriage; blood relationship; as, lineal consanguinity; collateral consanguinity.
Consarcination	A patching together; patchwork.
Conscience	Knowledge of one's own thoughts or actions; consciousness.
Conscience	The faculty, power, or inward principle which decides as to the character of one's own actions, purposes, and affections, warning against and condemning that which is wrong, and approving and prompting to that which is right; the moral faculty passing judgment on one's self; the moral sense.
Conscience	The estimate or determination of conscience; conviction or right or duty.
Conscience	Tenderness of feeling; pity.
Conscienced	Having a conscience.
Conscienceless	Without conscience; indifferent to conscience; unscrupulous.
Conscient	Conscious.
Conscientious	Influenced by conscience; governed by a strict regard to the dictates of conscience, or by the known or supposed rules of right and wrong; -- said of a person.
Conscientious	Characterized by a regard to conscience; conformed to the dictates of conscience; -- said of actions.
Conscientiously	In a conscientious manner; as a matter of conscience; hence; faithfully; accurately; completely.
Conscientiousness	The quality of being conscientious; a scrupulous regard to the dictates of conscience.
Conscionable	Governed by, or according to, conscience; reasonable; just.
Conscionableness	The quality of being conscionable; reasonableness.
Conscionably	Reasonably; justly.
Conscious	Possessing the faculty of knowing one's own thoughts or mental operations.
Conscious	Possessing knowledge, whether by internal, conscious experience or by external observation; cognizant; aware; sensible.
Conscious	Made the object of consciousness; known to one's self; as, conscious guilt.
Consciously	In a conscious manner; with knowledge of one's own mental operations or actions.
Consciousness	The state of being conscious; knowledge of one's own existence, condition, sensations, mental operations, acts, etc.
Consciousness	Immediate knowledge or perception of the presence of any object, state, or sensation. See the Note under Attention.
Consciousness	Feeling, persuasion, or expectation; esp., inward sense of guilt or innocence.
Conscribe	To enroll; to enlist.
Conscript	Enrolled; written; registered.
Conscript	One taken by lot, or compulsorily enrolled, to serve as a soldier or sailor.
Conscript	To enroll, by compulsion, for military service.
Conscription	An enrolling or registering.
Conscription	A compulsory enrollment of men for military or naval service; a draft.
Conscription	Belonging to, or of the nature of, a conspiration.
Consecrate	Consecrated; devoted; dedicated; sacred.
Consecrated	of Consecrate
Consecrating	of Consecrate
Consecrate	To make, or declare to be, sacred; to appropriate to sacred uses; to set apart, dedicate, or devote, to the service or worship of God; as, to consecrate a church; to give (one's self) unreservedly, as to the service of God.
Consecrate	To set apart to a sacred office; as, to consecrate a bishop.
Consecrate	To canonize; to exalt to the rank of a saint; to enroll among the gods, as a Roman emperor.
Consecrate	To render venerable or revered; to hallow; to dignify; as, rules or principles consecrated by time.
Consecrater	Consecrator.
Consecration	The act or ceremony of consecrating; the state of being consecrated; dedication.
Consecrator	One who consecrates; one who performs the rites by which a person or thing is devoted or dedicated to sacred purposes.
Consecratory	Of or pertaining to the act of consecration; dedicatory.
Consectaneous	Following as a matter of course.
Consectary	Following by consequence; consequent; deducible.
Consectary	That which follows by consequence or is logically deducible; deduction from premises; corollary.
Consecute	To follow closely; to endeavor to overtake; to pursue.
Consecution	A following, or sequel; actual or logical dependence.
Consecution	A succession or series of any kind.
Consecutive	Following in a train; succeeding one another in a regular order; successive; uninterrupted in course or succession; with no interval or break; as, fifty consecutive years.
Consecutive	Following as a consequence or result; actually or logically dependent; consequential; succeeding.
Consecutive	Having similarity of sequence; -- said of certain parallel progressions of two parts in a piece of harmony; as, consecutive fifths, or consecutive octaves, which are forbidden.
Consecutively	In a consecutive manner; by way of sequence; successively.
Consecutiveness	The state or quality of being consecutive.
Consension	Agreement; accord.
Consensual	Existing, or made, by the mutual consent of two or more parties.
Consensual	Excited or caused by sensation, sympathy, or reflex action, and not by conscious volition; as, consensual motions.
Consensus	Agreement; accord; consent.
Consented	of Consent
Consenting	of Consent
Consent	To agree in opinion or sentiment; to be of the same mind; to accord; to concur.
Consent	To indicate or express a willingness; to yield to guidance, persuasion, or necessity; to give assent or approval; to comply.
Consent	To grant; to allow; to assent to; to admit.
Consent	Agreement in opinion or sentiment; the being of one mind; accord.
Consent	Correspondence in parts, qualities, or operations; agreement; harmony; coherence.
Consent	Voluntary accordance with, or concurrence in, what is done or proposed by another; acquiescence; compliance; approval; permission.
Consent	Capable, deliberate, and voluntary assent or agreement to, or concurrence in, some act or purpose, implying physical and mental power and free action.
Consent	Sympathy. See Sympathy, 4.
Consentaneity	Mutual agreement.
Consentaneous	Consistent; agreeable; suitable; accordant to; harmonious; concurrent.
Consentant	Consenting.
Consenter	One who consents.
Consentient	Agreeing in mind; accordant.
Consentingly	With consent; in a compliant manner.
Consequence	That which follows something on which it depends; that which is produced by a cause; a result.
Consequence	A proposition collected from the agreement of other previous propositions; any conclusion which results from reason or argument; inference.
Consequence	Chain of causes and effects; consecution.
Consequence	Importance with respect to what comes after; power to influence or produce an effect; value; moment; rank; distinction.
Consequencing	Drawing inference.
Consequent	Following as a result, inference, or natural effect.
Consequent	Following by necessary inference or rational deduction; as, a proposition consequent to other propositions.
Consequent	That which follows, or results from, a cause; a result or natural effect.
Consequent	That which follows from propositions by rational deduction; that which is deduced from reasoning or argumentation; a conclusion, or inference.
Consequent	The second term of a ratio, as the term b in the ratio a:b, the first a, being the antecedent.
Consequential	Following as a consequence, result, or logical inference; consequent.
Consequential	Assuming or exhibiting an air of consequence; pretending to importance; pompous; self-important; as, a consequential man. See Consequence, n., 4.
Consequentially	With just deduction of consequence; with right connection of ideas; logically.
Consequentially	By remote consequence; not immediately; eventually; as, to do a thing consequentially.
Consequentially	In a regular series; in the order of cause and effect; with logical concatenation; consecutively; continuously.
Consequentially	With assumed importance; pompously.
Consequentialness	The quality of being consequential.
Consequently	By consequence; by natural or logical sequence or connection.
Consertion	Junction; adaptation
Conservable	Capable of being preserved from decay or injury.
Conservancy	Conservation, as from injury, defilement, or irregular use.
Conservant	Having the power or quality of conservation.
Conservation	The act of preserving, guarding, or protecting; the keeping (of a thing) in a safe or entire state; preservation.
Conservational	Tending to conserve; preservative.
Conservatism	The disposition and tendency to preserve what is established; opposition to change; the habit of mind; or conduct, of a conservative.
Conservative	Having power to preserve in a safe of entire state, or from loss, waste, or injury; preservative.
Conservative	Tending or disposed to maintain existing institutions; opposed to change or innovation.
Conservative	Of or pertaining to a political party which favors the conservation of existing institutions and forms of government, as the Conservative party in England; -- contradistinguished from Liberal and Radical.
Conservative	One who, or that which, preserves from ruin, injury, innovation, or radical change; a preserver; a conserver.
Conservative	One who desires to maintain existing institutions and customs; also, one who holds moderate opinions in politics; -- opposed to revolutionary or radical.
Conservative	A member of the Conservative party.
Conservativeness	The quality of being conservative.
Conservatoire	A public place of instruction in any special branch, esp. music and the arts. [See Conservatory, 3].
Conservator	One who preserves from injury or violation; a protector; a preserver.
Conservator	An officer who has charge of preserving the public peace, as a justice or sheriff.
Conservator	One who has an official charge of preserving the rights and privileges of a city, corporation, community, or estate.
Conservatory	Having the quality of preserving from loss, decay, or injury.
Conservatory	That which preserves from injury.
Conservatory	A place for preserving anything from loss, decay, waste, or injury; particulary, a greenhouse for preserving exotic or tender plants.
Conservatory	A public place of instruction, designed to preserve and perfect the knowledge of some branch of science or art, esp. music.
Conservatrix	A woman who preserves from loss, injury, etc.
Conserved	of Conserve
Conserving	of Conserve
Conserve	To keep in a safe or sound state; to save; to preserve; to protect.
Conserve	To prepare with sugar, etc., for the purpose of preservation, as fruits, etc.; to make a conserve of.
Conserve	Anything which is conserved; especially, a sweetmeat prepared with sugar; a confection.
Conserve	A medicinal confection made of freshly gathered vegetable substances mixed with finely powdered refined sugar. See Confection.
Conserve	A conservatory.
Conserver	One who conserves.
Considered	of Consider
Considering	of Consider
Consider	To fix the mind on, with a view to a careful examination; to think on with care; to ponder; to study; to meditate on.
Consider	To look at attentively; to observe; to examine.
Consider	To have regard to; to take into view or account; to pay due attention to; to respect.
Consider	To estimate; to think; to regard; to view.
Consider	To think seriously; to make examination; to reflect; to deliberate.
Consider	To hesitate.
Considerable	Worthy of consideration, borne in mind, or attended to.
Considerable	Of some distinction; noteworthy; influential; respectable; -- said of persons.
Considerable	Of importance or value.
Considerableness	Worthiness of consideration; dignity; value; size; amount.
Considerably	In a manner or to a degree not trifling or unimportant; greatly; much.
Considerance	Act of considering; consideration.
Considerate	Given to consideration or to sober reflection; regardful of consequences or circumstances; circumspect; careful; esp. careful of the rights, claims, and feelings of other.
Considerate	Having respect to; regardful.
Consideration	The act or process of considering; continuous careful thought; examination; contemplation; deliberation; attention.
Consideration	Attentive respect; appreciative regard; -- used especially in diplomatic or stately correspondence.
Consideration	Thoughtful or sympathetic regard or notice.
Consideration	Claim to notice or regard; some degree of importance or consequence.
Consideration	The result of delibration, or of attention and examonation; matured opinion; a reflection; as, considerations on the choice of a profession.
Consideration	That which is, or should be, taken into account as a ground of opinion or action; motive; reason.
Consideration	The cause which moves a contracting party to enter into an agreement; the material cause of a contract; the price of a stripulation; compensation; equivalent.
Considerative	Considerate; careful; thoughtful.
Considerator	One who considers.
Considerer	One who considers; a man of reflection; a thinker.
Consideringly	With consideration or deliberation.
Consigned	of Consign
Consigning	of Consign
Consign	To give, transfer, or deliver, in a formal manner, as if by signing over into the possession of another, or into a different state, with the sense of fixedness in that state, or permanence of possession; as, to consign the body to the grave.
Consign	To give in charge; to commit; to intrust.
Consign	To send or address (by bill of lading or otherwise) to an agent or correspondent in another place, to be cared for or sold, or for the use of such correspondent; as, to consign a cargo or a ship; to consign goods.
Consign	To assign; to devote; to set apart.
Consign	To stamp or impress; to affect.
Consign	To submit; to surrender or yield one's self.
Consign	To yield consent; to agree; to acquiesce.
Consignatary	A consignee.
Consignation	The act of consigning; the act of delivering or committing to another person, place, or state.
Consignation	The act of ratifying or establishing, as if by signing; confirmation; ratification.
Consignation	A stamp; an indication; a sign.
Consignatory	One of several that jointly sign a written instrument, as a treaty.
Consignature	Joint signature.
Consigne	A countersign; a watchword.
Consigne	One who is orders to keep within certain limits.
Consignee	The person to whom goods or other things are consigned; a factor; -- correlative to consignor.
Consigner	One who consigns. See Consignor.
Consignificant	Having joint or equal signification; synonymous.
Consignification	Joint signification.
Consignificative	Consignificant; jointly significate.
Consignify	To signify or denote in combination with something else.
Consignment	The act of consigning; consignation.
Consignment	The act of consigning or sending property to an agent or correspondent in another place, as for care, sale, etc.
Consignment	That which is consigned; the goods or commodities sent or addressed to a consignee at one time or by one conveyance.
Consignment	The writing by which anything is consigned.
Consignor	One who consigns something to another; -- opposed to consignee.
Consilience	Act of concurring; coincidence; concurrence.
Consimilitude	Alt. of Consimility
Consimility	Common resemblance.
Consisted	of Consist
Consisting	of Consist
Consist	To stand firm; to be in a fixed or permanent state, as a body composed of parts in union or connection; to hold together; to be; to exist; to subsist; to be supported and maintained.
Consist	To be composed or made up; -- followed by of.
Consist	To have as its substance or character, or as its foundation; to be; -- followed by in.
Consist	To be consistent or harmonious; to be in accordance; -- formerly used absolutely, now followed by with.
Consist	To insist; -- followed by on.
Consistence	Alt. of Consistency
Consistency	The condition of standing or adhering together, or being fixed in union, as the parts of a body; existence; firmness; coherence; solidity.
Consistency	A degree of firmness, density, or spissitude.
Consistency	That which stands together as a united whole; a combination.
Consistency	Firmness of constitution or character; substantiality; durability; persistency.
Consistency	Agreement or harmony of all parts of a complex thing among themselves, or of the same thing with itself at different times; the harmony of conduct with profession; congruity; correspondence; as, the consistency of laws, regulations, or judicial decisions; consistency of opinions; consistency of conduct or of character.
Consistent	Possessing firmness or fixedness; firm; hard; solid.
Consistent	Having agreement with itself or with something else; having harmony among its parts; possesing unity; accordant; harmonious; congruous; compatible; uniform; not contradictory.
Consistent	Living or acting in conformity with one's belief or professions.
Consistently	In a consistent manner.
Consistorial	Of or pertaining to a consistory.
Consistorian	Pertaining to a Presbyterian consistory; -- a contemptuous term of 17th century controversy.
Consistories	of Consistory
Consistory	Primarily, a place of standing or staying together; hence, any solemn assembly or council.
Consistory	The spiritual court of a diocesan bishop held before his chancellor or commissioner in his cathedral church or elsewhere.
Consistory	An assembly of prelates; a session of the college of cardinals at Rome.
Consistory	A church tribunal or governing body.
Consistory	A civil court of justice.
Consistory	Of the nature of, or pertaining to, a consistory.
Consociate	An associate; an accomplice.
Consociated	of Consociate
Consociating	of Consociate
Consociate	To bring into alliance, confederacy, or relationship; to bring together; to join; to unite.
Consociate	To unite in an ecclesiastical consociation.
Consociate	To be allied, confederated, or associated; to coalescence.
Consociate	To form an ecclesiastical consociation.
Consociation	Intimate union; fellowship; alliance; companionship; confederation; association; intimacy.
Consociation	A voluntary and permanent council or union of neighboring Congregational churches, for mutual advice and cooperation in ecclesiastical matters; a meeting of pastors and delegates from churches thus united.
Consociational	Of or pertaining to a consociation.
Consolable	Capable of receiving consolation.
Consolate	To console; to comfort.
Consolation	The act of consoling; the state of being consoled; allevation of misery or distress of mind; refreshment of spirit; comfort; that which consoles or comforts the spirit.
Consolato del mare	A collection of maritime laws of disputed origin, supposed to have been first published at Barcelona early in the 14th century. It has formed the basis of most of the subsequent collections of maritime laws.
Consolator	One who consoles or comforts.
Consolatory	Of a consoling or comforting nature.
Consolatory	That which consoles; a speech or writing intended for consolation.
Consoled	of Console
Consoling	of Console
Console	To cheer in distress or depression; to alleviate the grief and raise the spirits of; to relieve; to comfort; to soothe.
Console	A bracket whose projection is not more than half its height.
Console	Any small bracket; also, a console table.
Consoler	One who gives consolation.
Consolidant	Serving to unite or consolidate; having the quality of consolidating or making firm.
Consolidate	Formed into a solid mass; made firm; consolidated.
Consolidated	of Consolidate
Consolidating	of Consolidate
Consolidate	To make solid; to unite or press together into a compact mass; to harden or make dense and firm.
Consolidate	To unite, as various particulars, into one mass or body; to bring together in close union; to combine; as, to consolidate the armies of the republic.
Consolidate	To unite by means of applications, as the parts of a broken bone, or the lips of a wound.
Consolidate	To grow firm and hard; to unite and become solid; as, moist clay consolidates by drying.
Consolidated	Made solid, hard, or compact; united; joined; solidified.
Consolidated	Having a small surface in proportion to bulk, as in the cactus.
Consolidation	The act or process of consolidating, making firm, or uniting; the state of being consolidated; solidification; combination.
Consolidation	To organic cohesion of different circled in a flower; adnation.
Consolidation	The combination of several actions into one.
Consolidative	Tending or having power to consolidate; healing.
Consoling	Adapted to console or comfort; cheering; as, this is consoling news.
Consols	The leading British funded government security.
Consomme	A clear soup or bouillion boiled down so as to be very rich.
Consonance	Alt. of Consonancy
Consonancy	Accord or agreement of sounds produced simultaneously, as a note with its third, fifth, and eighth.
Consonancy	Agreement or congruity; harmony; accord; consistency; suitableness.
Consonancy	Friendship; concord.
Consonant	Having agreement; congruous; consistent; according; -- usually followed by with or to.
Consonant	Having like sounds.
Consonant	harmonizing together; accordant; as, consonant tones, consonant chords.
Consonant	Of or pertaining to consonants; made up of, or containing many, consonants.
Consonant	An articulate sound which in utterance is usually combined and sounded with an open sound called a vowel; a member of the spoken alphabet other than a vowel; also, a letter or character representing such a sound.
Consonantal	Of the nature of a consonant; pertaining to consonants.
Consonantize	To change into, or use as, a consonant.
Consonantly	In a consonant, consistent, or congruous manner; agreeably.
Consonantness	The quality or condition of being consonant, agreeable, or consistent.
Consonous	Agreeing in sound; symphonious.
Consopiation	The act of sleeping, or of lulling, to sleep.
Consopite	Lulled to sleep.
Consopite	To lull to sleep; to quiet; to compose.
Consort	One who shares the lot of another; a companion; a partner; especially, a wife or husband.
Consort	A ship keeping company with another.
Consort	Concurrence; conjunction; combination; association; union.
Consort	An assembly or association of persons; a company; a group; a combination. 
Consort	Harmony of sounds; concert, as of musical instruments.
Consorted	of Consort
Consorting	of Consort
Consort	To unite or to keep company; to associate; -- used with with.
Consort	To unite or join, as in affection, harmony, company, marriage, etc.; to associate.
Consort	To attend; to accompany.
Consortable	Suitable for association or companionship.
Consortion	Fellowship; association; companionship.
Consortship	The condition of a consort; fellowship; partnership.
Consound	A name applied loosely to several plants of different genera, esp. the comfrey.
Conspecific	Of the same species.
Conspectuities	of Conspectuity
Conspectuity	The faculty of seeing; sight; eye.
Conspectus	A general sketch or outline of a subject; a synopsis; an epitome.
Conspersion	The act of sprinkling.
Conspicuity	The state or quality of being clear or bright; brightness; conspicuousness.
Conspicuous	Open to the view; obvious to the eye; easy to be seen; plainly visible; manifest; attracting the eye.
Conspicuous	Obvious to the mental eye; easily recognized; clearly defined; notable; prominent; eminent; distinguished; as, a conspicuous excellence, or fault.
Conspiracies	of Conspiracy
Conspiracy	A combination of men for an evil purpose; an agreement, between two or more persons, to commit a crime in concert, as treason; a plot.
Conspiracy	A concurence or general tendency, as of circumstances, to one event, as if by agreement.
Conspiracy	An agreement, manifesting itself in words or deeds, by which two or more persons confederate to do an unlawful act, or to use unlawful to do an act which is lawful; confederacy.
Conspirant	Engaging in a plot to commit a crime; conspiring.
Conspiration	Agreement or concurrence for some end or purpose; conspiracy.
Conspirator	One who engages in a conspiracy; a plotter.
Conspired	of Conspire
Conspiring	of Conspire
Conspire	To make an agreement, esp. a secret agreement, to do some act, as to commit treason or a crime, or to do some unlawful deed; to plot together.
Conspire	To concur to one end; to agree.
Conspire	To plot; to plan; to combine for.
Conspirer	One who conspires; a conspirator.
Conspiringly	In the manner of a conspirator; by conspiracy.
Conspissation	A making thick or viscous; thickness; inspissation.
Conspurcate	To pollute; to defile.
Conspurcation	The act of defiling; defilement; pollution.
Constable	A high officer in the monarchical establishments of the Middle Ages.
Constable	An officer of the peace having power as a conservator of the public peace, and bound to execute the warrants of judicial officers.
Constablery	The constabulary.
Constablery	The district or jurisdiction of a constable.
Constableship	The office or functions of a constable.
Constabless	The wife of a constable.
Constablewick	The district to which a constable's power is limited.
Constabulary	Of or pertaining to constables; consisting of constables.
Constabulary	The collective body of constables in any town, district, or country.
Constabulatory	A constabulary.
Constancy	The state or quality of being constant or steadfast; freedom from change; stability; fixedness; immutability; as, the constancy of God in his nature and attributes.
Constancy	Fixedness or firmness of mind; persevering resolution; especially, firmness of mind under sufferings, steadiness in attachments, or perseverance in enterprise; stability; fidelity.
Constant	Firm; solid; fixed; immovable; -- opposed to fluid.
Constant	Not liable, or given, to change; permanent; regular; continuous; continually recurring; steadfast; faithful; not fickle.
Constant	Remaining unchanged or invariable, as a quantity, force, law, etc.
Constant	Consistent; logical.
Constant	That which is not subject to change; that which is invariable.
Constant	A quantity that does not change its value; -- used in countradistinction to variable.
Constantia	A superior wine, white and red, from Constantia, in Cape Colony.
Constantly	With constancy; steadily; continually; perseveringly; without cessation; uniformly.
Constat	A certificate showing what appears upon record touching a matter in question.
Constate	To ascertain; to verify; to establish; to prove.
Constellate	To join luster; to shine with united radiance, or one general light.
Constellate	To unite in one luster or radiance, as stars.
Constellate	To set or adorn with stars or constellations; as, constellated heavens.
Constellation	A cluster or group of fixed stars, or dvision of the heavens, designated in most cases by the name of some animal, or of some mythologial personage, within whose imaginary outline, as traced upon the heavens, the group is included.
Constellation	An assemblage of splendors or excellences.
Constellation	Fortune; fate; destiny.
Consternation	Amazement or horror that confounds the faculties, and incapacitates for reflection; terror, combined with amazement; dismay.
Constipated	of Constipate
Constipating	of Constipate
Constipate	To crowd or cram into a narrow compass; to press together or condense.
Constipate	To stop (a channel) by filling it, and preventing passage through it; as, to constipate the capillary vessels.
Constipate	To render costive; to cause constipation in.
Constipation	Act of crowding anything into a less compass, or the state of being crowded or pressed together; condensation.
Constipation	A state of the bowels in which the evacuations are infrequent and difficult, or the intestines become filled with hardened faeces; costiveness.
Constituencies	of Constituency
Constituency	A body of constituents, as the body of citizens or voters in a representative district.
Constituent	Serving to form, compose, or make up; elemental; component.
Constituent	Having the power of electing or appointing.
Constituent	The person or thing which constitutes, determines, or constructs.
Constituent	That which constitutes or composes, as a part, or an essential part; a component; an element.
Constituent	One for whom another acts; especially, one who is represented by another in a legislative assembly; -- correlative to representative.
Constituent	A person who appoints another to act for him as attorney in fact.
Constituted	of Constitute
Constituting	of Constitute
Constitute	To cause to stand; to establish; to enact.
Constitute	To make up; to compose; to form.
Constitute	To appoint, depute, or elect to an office; to make and empower.
Constitute	An established law.
Constituter	One who constitutes or appoints.
Constitution	The act or process of constituting; the action of enacting, establishing, or appointing; enactment; establishment; formation.
Constitution	The state of being; that form of being, or structure and connection of parts, which constitutes and characterizes a system or body; natural condition; structure; texture; conformation.
Constitution	The aggregate of all one's inherited physical qualities; the aggregate of the vital powers of an individual, with reference to ability to endure hardship, resist disease, etc.; as, a robust constitution.
Constitution	The aggregate of mental qualities; temperament.
Constitution	The fundamental, organic law or principles of government of men, embodied in written documents, or implied in the institutions and usages of the country or society; also, a written instrument embodying such organic law, and laying down fundamental rules and principles for the conduct of affairs.
Constitution	An authoritative ordinance, regulation or enactment; especially, one made by a Roman emperor, or one affecting ecclesiastical doctrine or discipline; as, the constitutions of Justinian.
Constitutional	Belonging to, or inherent in, the constitution, or in the structure of body or mind; as, a constitutional infirmity; constitutional ardor or dullness.
Constitutional	In accordance with, or authorized by, the constitution of a state or a society; as, constitutional reforms.
Constitutional	Regulated by, dependent on, or secured by, a constitution; as, constitutional government; constitutional rights.
Constitutional	Relating to a constitution, or establishment form of government; as, a constitutional risis.
Constitutional	For the benefit or one's constitution or health; as, a constitutional walk.
Constitutional	A walk or other exercise taken for one's health or constitution.
Constitutionalism	The theory, principles, or authority of constitutional government; attachment or adherence to a constitution or constitutional government.
Constitutionalist	One who advocates a constitutional form of government; a constitutionalist.
ties	of Constitutionality
Constitutionality	The quality or state of being constitutional, or inherent in the natural frame.
Constitutionality	The state of being consistent with the constitution or frame of government, or of being authorized by its provisions.
Constitutionally	In accordance with the constitution or natural disposition of the mind or body; naturally; as, he was constitutionally timid.
Constitutionally	In accordance with the constitution or fundamental law; legally; as, he was not constitutionally appointed.
Constitutionist	One who adheres to the constitution of the country.
Constitutive	Tending or assisting to constitute or compose; elemental; essential.
Constitutive	Having power to enact, establish, or create; instituting; determining.
Constitutively	In a constitutive manner.
Constrained	of Constrain
Constraining	of Constrain
Constrain	To secure by bonds; to chain; to bond or confine; to hold tightly; to constringe.
Constrain	To bring into a narrow compass; to compress.
Constrain	To hold back by force; to restrain; to repress.
Constrain	To compel; to force; to necessitate; to oblige.
Constrain	To violate; to ravish.
Constrain	To produce in such a manner as to give an unnatural effect; as, a constrained voice.
Constrainable	Capable of being constrained; liable to constraint, or to restraint.
Constrained	Marked by constraint; not free; not voluntary; embarrassed; as, a constrained manner; a constrained tone.
Constrainedly	By constraint or compulsion; in a constrained manner.
Constrainer	One who constrains.
Constraint	The act of constraining, or the state of being constrained; that which compels to, or restrains from, action; compulsion; restraint; necessity.
Constraintive	Constraining; compulsory.
Constricted	of Constrict
Constricting	of Constrict
Constrict	To draw together; to render narrower or smaller; to bind; to cramp; to contract or cause to shrink.
Constricted	Drawn together; bound; contracted; cramped.
Constricted	Contracted or compressed so as to be smaller in certain places or parts than in others.
Constriction	The act of constricting by means of some inherent power or by movement or change in the thing itself, as distinguished from compression.
Constriction	The state of being constricted; the point where a thing is constricted; a narrowing or binding.
Constrictive	Serving or tending to bind or constrict.
Constrictor	That which constricts, draws together, or contracts.
Constrictor	A muscle which contracts or closes an orifice, or which compresses an organ; a sphincter.
Constrictor	A serpent that kills its prey by inclosing and crushing it with its folds; as, the boa constrictor.
Constringed	of Constringe
Constringing	of Constringe
Constringe	To dawn together; to contract; to force to contract itself; to constrict; to cause to shrink.
Constringent	Having the quality of contracting, binding, or compressing.
Constructed	of Construct
Constructing	of Construct
Construct	To put together the constituent parts of (something) in their proper place and order; to build; to form; to make; as, to construct an edifice.
Construct	To devise; to invent; to set in order; to arrange; as, to construct a theory of ethics.
Construct	Formed by, or relating to, construction, interpretation, or inference.
Constructer	One who, or that which, constructs or frames.
Construction	The process or art of constructing; the act of building; erection; the act of devising and forming; fabrication; composition.
Construction	The form or manner of building or putting together the parts of anything; structure; arrangement.
Construction	The arrangement and connection of words in a sentence; syntactical arrangement.
Construction	The method of construing, interpreting, or explaining a declaration or fact; an attributed sense or meaning; understanding; explanation; interpretation; sense.
Constructional	Pertaining to, or deduced from, construction or interpretation.
Constructionist	One who puts a certain construction upon some writing or instrument, as the Constitutions of the United States; as, a strict constructionist; a broad constructionist.
Constructive	Having ability to construct or form; employed in construction; as, to exhibit constructive power.
Constructive	Derived from, or depending on, construction or interpretation; not directly expressed, but inferred.
Constructively	In a constructive manner; by construction or inference.
Constructiveness	Tendency or ability to form or construct.
Constructiveness	The faculty which enables one to construct, as in mechanical, artistic, or literary matters.
Constructor	A constructer.
Constructure	That which is constructed or formed; an edifice; a fabric.
Construed	of Construe
Construing	of Construe
Construe	To apply the rules of syntax to (a sentence or clause) so as to exhibit the structure, arrangement, or connection of, or to discover the sense; to explain the construction of; to interpret; to translate.
Construe	To put a construction upon; to explain the sense or intention of; to interpret; to understand.
Construprated	of Constuprate
Constuprating	of Constuprate
Constuprate	To ravish; to debauch.
Constupration	The act of ravishing; violation; defilement.
Consubstantial	Of the same kind or nature; having the same substance or essence; coessential.
Consubstantialism	The doctrine of consubstantiation.
Consubstantialist	One who believes in consubstantiation.
Consubstantiality	Participation of the same nature; coexistence in the same substance.
Consubstantially	In a consubstantial manner; with identity of substance or nature.
Consubstantiated	of Consubstantiate
Consubstantiating	of Consubstantiate
Consubstantiate	To cause to unite, or to regard as united, in one common substance or nature.
Consubstantiate	To profess or belive the doctrine of consubstantion.
Consubstantiate	Partaking of the same substance; united; consubstantial.
Consubstantiation	An identity or union of substance.
Consubstantiation	The actual, substantial presence of the body of Christ with the bread and wine of the sacrament of the Lord's Supper; impanation; -- opposed to transubstantiation.
Consuetude	Custom, habit; usage.
Consuetudinal	According to custom; customary; usual.
Consuetudinary	Customary.
Consuetudinaries	of Cussuetudinary
Cussuetudinary	A manual or ritual of customary devotional exercises.
Consul	One of the two chief magistrates of the republic.
Consul	A senator; a counselor.
Consul	One of the three chief magistrates of France from 1799 to 1804, who were called, respectively, first, second, and third consul.
Consul	An official commissioned to reside in some foreign country, to care for the commercial interests of the citizens of the appointing government, and to protect its seamen.
Consulage	A duty or tax paid by merchants for the protection of their commerce by means of a consul in a foreign place.
Consular	Of or pertaining to a consul; performing the duties of a consul; as, consular power; consular dignity; consular officers.
Consulary	Consular.
Consulate	The office of a consul.
Consulate	The jurisdiction or residence of a consul.
Consulate	Consular government; term of office of a consul.
Consulship	The office of a consul; consulate.
Consulship	The term of office of a consul.
Consulted	of Consult
Consulting	of Consult
Consult	To seek the opinion or advice of another; to take counsel; to deliberate together; to confer.
Consult	To ask advice of; to seek the opinion of; to apply to for information or instruction; to refer to; as, to consult a physician; to consult a dictionary.
Consult	To have reference to, in judging or acting; to have regard to; to consider; as, to consult one's wishes.
Consult	To deliberate upon; to take for.
Consult	To bring about by counsel or contrivance; to devise; to contrive.
Consult	The act of consulting or deliberating; consultation; also, the result of consulation; determination; decision.
Consult	A council; a meeting for consultation.
Consult	Agreement; concert
Consultary	Formed by consultation; resulting from conference.
Consultation	The act of consulting or conferring; deliberation of two or more persons on some matter, with a view to a decision.
Consultation	A council or conference, as of physicians, held to consider a special case, or of lawyers restained in a cause.
Consultative	Pertaining to consultation; having the privilege or right of conference.
Consultatory	Formed by, or resulting from, consultation; advisory.
Consulter	One who consults, or asks counsel or information.
Consulting	That consults.
Consultive	Determined by, or pertaining to, consultation; deliberate; consultative.
Consumable	Capable of being consumed; that may be destroyed, dissipated, wasted, or spent.
Consumed	of Consume
Consuming	of Consume
Consume	To destroy, as by decomposition, dissipation, waste, or fire; to use up; to expend; to waste; to burn up; to eat up; to devour.
Consume	To waste away slowly.
Consumedly	Excessively.
Consumer	One who, or that which, consumes; as, the consumer of food.
Consumingly	In a consuming manner.
Consummate	Carried to the utmost extent or degree; of the highest quality; complete; perfect.
Consummated	of Consummate
Consummating	of Consummate
Consummate	To bring to completion; to raise to the highest point or degree; to complete; to finish; to perfect; to achieve.
Consummately	In a consummate manner; completely.
Consummation	The act of consummating, or the state of being consummated; completed; completion; perfection; termination; end (as of the world or of life).
Consummative	Serving to consummate; completing.
Consumption	The act or process of consuming by use, waste, etc.; decay; destruction.
Consumption	The state or process of being consumed, wasted, or diminished; waste; diminution; loss; decay.
Consumption	A progressive wasting away of the body; esp., that form of wasting, attendant upon pulmonary phthisis and associated with cough, spitting of blood, hectic fever, etc.; pulmonary phthisis; -- called also pulmonary consumption.
Consumptive	Of or pertaining to consumption; having the quality of consuming, or dissipating; destructive; wasting.
Consumptive	Affected with, or inclined to, consumption.
Consumptive	One affected with consumption; as, a resort for consumptives.
Consumptively	In a way tending to or indication consumption.
Consumptiveness	A state of being consumptive, or a tendency to a consumption.
Contabescent	Wasting away gradually.
Contact	A close union or junction of bodies; a touching or meeting.
Contact	The property of two curves, or surfaces, which meet, and at the point of meeting have a common direction.
Contact	The plane between two adjacent bodies of dissimilar rock.
Contaction	Act of touching.
Contagion	The transmission of a disease from one person to another, by direct or indirect contact.
Contagion	That which serves as a medium or agency to transmit disease; a virus produced by, or exhalation proceeding from, a diseased person, and capable of reproducing the disease.
Contagion	The act or means of communicating any influence to the mind or heart; as, the contagion of enthusiasm.
Contagion	Venom; poison.
Contagioned	Affected by contagion.
Contagionist	One who believes in the contagious character of certain diseases, as of yellow fever.
Contagious	Communicable by contact, by a virus, or by a bodily exhalation; catching; as, a contagious disease.
Contagious	Conveying or generating disease; pestilential; poisonous; as, contagious air.
Contagious	Spreading or communicable from one to another; exciting similar emotions or conduct in others.
Contagiously	In a contagious manner.
Contagiousness	Quality of being contagious.
Contagium	Contagion; contagious matter.
Contained	of Contain
Containing	of Contain
Contain	To hold within fixed limits; to comprise; to include; to inclose; to hold.
Contain	To have capacity for; to be able to hold; to hold; to be equivalent to; as, a bushel contains four pecks.
Contain	To put constraint upon; to restrain; to confine; to keep within bounds.
Contain	To restrain desire; to live in continence or chastity.
Containable	Capable of being contained or comprised.
Containant	A container.
Container	One who, or that which, contains.
Containment	That which is contained; the extent; the substance.
Contaminable	Capable of being contaminated.
Contaminated	of Contaminate
Contaminating	of Contaminate
Contaminate	To soil, stain, or corrupt by contact; to tarnish; to sully; to taint; to pollute; to defile.
Contaminate	Contaminated; defiled; polluted; tainted.
Contamination	The act or process of contaminating; pollution; defilement; taint; also, that which contaminates.
Contamitive	Tending or liable to contaminate.
Contangoes	of Contango
Contango	The premium or interest paid by the buyer to the seller, to be allowed to defer paying for the stock purchased until the next fortnightly settlement day.
Contango	The postponement of payment by the buyer of stock on the payment of a premium to the seller. See Backwardation.
Contection	A covering.
Contek	Quarrel; contention; contest.
Contek	Contumely; reproach.
Contemned	of Contemn
Contemning	of Contemn
Contemn	To view or treat with contempt, as mean and despicable; to reject with disdain; to despise; to scorn.
Contemner	One who contemns; a despiser; a scorner.
Contemningly	Contemptuously.
Contemper	To modify or temper; to allay; to qualify; to moderate; to soften.
Contemperate	To temper; to moderate.
Contemperation	The act of tempering or moderating.
Contemperation	Proportionate mixture or combination.
Contemperature	The condition of being tempered; proportionate mixture; temperature.
Contemplance	Contemplation.
Contemplant	Given to contemplation; meditative.
Contemplated	of Contemplate
Contemplating	of Contemplate
Contemplate	To look at on all sides or in all its bearings; to view or consider with continued attention; to regard with deliberate care; to meditate on; to study.
Contemplate	To consider or have in view, as contingent or probable; to look forward to; to purpose; to intend.
Contemplate	To consider or think studiously; to ponder; to reflect; to muse; to meditate.
Contemplation	The act of the mind in considering with attention; continued attention of the mind to a particular subject; meditation; musing; study.
Contemplation	Holy meditation.
Contemplation	The act of looking forward to an event as about to happen; expectation; the act of intending or purposing.
Contemplatist	A contemplator.
Contemplative	Pertaining to contemplation; addicted to, or employed in, contemplation; meditative.
Contemplative	Having the power of contemplation; as, contemplative faculties.
Contemplative	A religious or either sex devoted to prayer and meditation, rather than to active works of charity.
Contemplatively	With contemplation; in a contemplative manner.
Contemplativeness	The state of being contemplative; thoughtfulness.
Contemplator	One who contemplates.
Contemporaneity	The state of being contemporaneous.
Contemporaneous	Living, existing, or occurring at the same time; contemporary.
Contemporaneously	At the same time with some other event.
Contemporariness	Existence at the same time; contemporaneousness.
Contemporary	Living, occuring, or existing, at the same time; done in, or belonging to, the same times; contemporaneous.
Contemporary	Of the same age; coeval.
Contemporaries	of Contemporary
Contemporary	One who lives at the same time with another; as, Petrarch and Chaucer were contemporaries.
Contempt	The act of contemning or despising; the feeling with which one regards that which is esteemed mean, vile, or worthless; disdain; scorn.
Contempt	The state of being despised; disgrace; shame.
Contempt	An act or expression denoting contempt.
Contempt	Disobedience of the rules, orders, or process of a court of justice, or of rules or orders of a legislative body; disorderly, contemptuous, or insolent language or behavior in presence of a court, tending to disturb its proceedings, or impair the respect due to its authority.
Contemptibility	The quality of being contemptible; contemptibleness.
Contemptible	Worthy of contempt; deserving of scorn or disdain; mean; vile; despicable.
Contemptible	Despised; scorned; neglected; abject.
Contemptible	Insolent; scornful; contemptuous.
Contemptibleness	The state or quality of being contemptible, or of being despised.
Contemptibly	In a contemptible manner.
Contemptuous	Manifesting or expressing contempt or disdain; scornful; haughty; insolent; disdainful.
Contemptuously	In a contemptuous manner; with scorn or disdain; despitefully.
Contemptuousness	Disposition to or manifestion of contempt; insolence; haughtiness.
Contended	of Contend
Contending	of Contend
Contend	To strive in opposition; to contest; to dispute; to vie; to quarrel; to fight.
Contend	To struggle or exert one's self to obtain or retain possession of, or to defend.
Contend	To strive in debate; to engage in discussion; to dispute; to argue.
Contend	To struggle for; to contest.
Contendent	An antagonist; a contestant.
Contender	One who contends; a contestant.
Contendress	A female contestant.
Contenement	That which is held together with another thing; that which is connected with a tenement, or thing holden, as a certain quantity of land adjacent to a dwelling, and necessary to the reputable enjoyment of the dwelling; appurtenance.
Content	Contained within limits; hence, having the desires limited by that which one has; not disposed to repine or grumble; satisfied; contented; at rest.
Contents	of Content
Content	That which is contained; the thing or things held by a receptacle or included within specified limits; as, the contents of a cask or bale or of a room; the contents of a book.
Content	Power of containing; capacity; extent; size.
Content	Area or quantity of space or matter contained within certain limits; as, solid contents; superficial contents.
Content	To satisfy the desires of; to make easy in any situation; to appease or quiet; to gratify; to please.
Content	To satisfy the expectations of; to pay; to requite.
Content	Rest or quietness of the mind in one's present condition; freedom from discontent; satisfaction; contentment; moderate happiness.
Content	Acquiescence without examination.
Content	That which contents or satisfies; that which if attained would make one happy.
Content	An expression of assent to a bill or motion; an affirmative vote; also, a member who votes "Content.".
Contentation	Content; satisfaction.
Contented	Content; easy in mind; satisfied; quiet; willing.
Contentful	Full of content.
Contention	A violent effort or struggle to obtain, or to resist, something; contest; strife.
Contention	Strife in words; controversy; altercation; quarrel; dispute; as, a bone of contention.
Contention	Vehemence of endeavor; eagerness; ardor; zeal.
Contention	A point maintained in an argument, or a line of argument taken in its support; the subject matter of discussion or strife; a position taken or contended for.
Contentious	Fond of contention; given to angry debate; provoking dispute or contention; quarrelsome.
Contentious	Relating to contention or strife; involving or characterized by contention.
Contentious	Contested; litigated; litigious; having power to decide controversy.
Contentless	Discontented; dissatisfied.
Contently	In a contented manner.
Contentment	The state of being contented or satisfied; content.
Contentment	The act or process of contenting or satisfying; as, the contentment of avarice is impossible.
Contentment	Gratification; pleasure; satisfaction.
Contents	See Content, n.
Conterminable	Having the same bounds; terminating at the same time or place; conterminous.
Conterminal	Conterminous.
Conterminant	Having the same limits; ending at the same time; conterminous.
Conterminate	Having the same bounds; conterminous.
Conterminous	Having the same bounds, or limits; bordering upon; contiguous.
Conterranean	Alt. of Conterraneous
Conterraneous	Of or belonging to the same country.
Contesseration	An assemblage; a collection; harmonious union.
Contested	of Contest
Contesting	of Contest
Contest	To make a subject of dispute, contention, litigation, or emulation; to contend for; to call in question; to controvert; to oppose; to dispute.
Contest	To strive earnestly to hold or maintain; to struggle to defend; as, the troops contested every inch of ground.
Contest	To make a subject of litigation; to defend, as a suit; to dispute or resist; as a claim, by course of law; to controvert.
Contest	To engage in contention, or emulation; to contend; to strive; to vie; to emulate; -- followed usually by with.
Contest	Earnest dispute; strife in argument; controversy; debate; altercation.
Contest	Earnest struggle for superiority, victory, defense, etc.; competition; emulation; strife in arms; conflict; combat; encounter.
Contestable	Capable of being contested; debatable.
Contestant	One who contests; an opponent; a litigant; a disputant; one who claims that which has been awarded to another.
Contestation	The act of contesting; emulation; rivalry; strife; dispute.
Contestation	Proof by witness; attestation; testimony.
Contestingly	In a contending manner.
Contex	To context.
Context	Knit or woven together; close; firm.
Context	The part or parts of something written or printed, as of Scripture, which precede or follow a text or quoted sentence, or are so intimately associated with it as to throw light upon its meaning.
Context	To knit or bind together; to unite closely.
Contextural	Pertaining to contexture or arrangement of parts; producing contexture; interwoven.
Contexture	The arrangement and union of the constituent parts of a thing; a weaving together of parts; structural character of a thing; system; constitution; texture.
Contextured	Formed into texture; woven together; arranged; composed.
Conticent	Silent.
Contignation	The act or process of framing together, or uniting, as beams in a fabric.
Contignation	A framework or fabric, as of beams.
Contiguate	Contiguous; touching.
Contiguity	The state of being contiguous; intimate association; nearness; proximity.
Contiguous	In actual contact; touching; also, adjacent; near; neighboring; adjoining.
Continence	Alt. of Continency
Continency	Self-restraint; self-command.
Continency	The restraint which a person imposes upon his desires and passions; the act or power of refraining from indulgence of the sexual appetite, esp. from unlawful indulgence; sometimes, moderation in sexual indulgence.
Continency	Uninterrupted course; continuity.
Continent	Serving to restrain or limit; restraining; opposing.
Continent	Exercising restraint as to the indulgence of desires or passions; temperate; moderate.
Continent	Abstaining from sexual intercourse; exercising restraint upon the sexual appetite; esp., abstaining from illicit sexual intercourse; chaste.
Continent	Not interrupted; connected; continuous; as, a continent fever.
Continent	That which contains anything; a receptacle.
Continent	One of the grand divisions of land on the globe; the main land; specifically (Phys. Geog.), a large body of land differing from an island, not merely in its size, but in its structure, which is that of a large basin bordered by mountain chains; as, the continent of North America.
Continental	Of or pertaining to a continent.
Continental	Of or pertaining to the main land of Europe, in distinction from the adjacent islands, especially England; as, a continental tour; a continental coalition.
Continental	Of or pertaining to the confederated colonies collectively, in the time of the Revolutionary War; as, Continental money.
Continental	A soldier in the Continental army, or a piece of the Continental currency. See Continental, a., 3.
Continently	In a continent manner; chastely; moderately; temperately.
Contingence	See Contingency.
Contingencies	of Contingency
Contingency	Union or connection; the state of touching or contact.
Contingency	The quality or state of being contingent or casual; the possibility of coming to pass.
Contingency	An event which may or may not occur; that which is possible or probable; a fortuitous event; a chance.
Contingency	An adjunct or accessory.
Contingency	A certain possible event that may or may not happen, by which, when happening, some particular title may be affected.
Contingent	Possible, or liable, but not certain, to occur; incidental; casual.
Contingent	Dependent on that which is undetermined or unknown; as, the success of his undertaking is contingent upon events which he can not control.
Contingent	Dependent for effect on something that may or may not occur; as, a contingent estate.
Contingent	An event which may or may not happen; that which is unforeseen, undetermined, or dependent on something future; a contingency.
Contingent	That which falls to one in a division or apportionment among a number; a suitable share; proportion; esp., a quota of troops.
Contingently	In a contingent manner; without design or foresight; accidentally.
Contingentness	The state of being contingent; fortuitousness.
Continuable	Capable of being continued
Continual	Proceeding without interruption or cesstaion; continuous; unceasing; lasting; abiding.
Continual	Occuring in steady and rapid succession; very frequent; often repeated.
Continually	Without cessation; unceasingly; continuously; as, the current flows continually.
Continually	In regular or repeated succession; very often.
Continuance	A holding on, or remaining in a particular state; permanence, as of condition, habits, abode, etc.; perseverance; constancy; duration; stay.
Continuance	Uninterrupted succession; continuation; constant renewal; perpetuation; propagation.
Continuance	A holding together; continuity.
Continuance	The adjournment of the proceedings in a cause from one day, or from one stated term of a court, to another.
Continuance	The entry of such adjournment and the grounds thereof on the record.
Continuant	Continuing; prolonged; sustained; as, a continuant sound.
Continuant	A continuant sound; a letter whose sound may be prolonged.
Continuate	Immediately united together; intimately connected.
Continuate	Uninterrupted; unbroken; continual; continued.
Continuation	That act or state of continuing; the state of being continued; uninterrupted extension or succession; prolongation; propagation.
Continuation	That which extends, increases, supplements, or carries on; as, the continuation of a story.
Continuative	A term or expression denoting continuance.
Continuative	A word that continues the connection of sentences or subjects; a connective; a conjunction.
Continuator	One who, or that which, continues; esp., one who continues a series or a work; a continuer.
Continued	of Continue
Continuing	of Continue
Continue	To remain in a given place or condition; to remain in connection with; to abide; to stay.
Continue	To be permanent or durable; to endure; to last.
Continue	To be steadfast or constant in any course; to persevere; to abide; to endure; to persist; to keep up or maintain a particular condition, course, or series of actions; as, the army continued to advance.
Continue	To unite; to connect.
Continue	To protract or extend in duration; to preserve or persist in; to cease not.
Continue	To carry onward or extend; to prolong or produce; to add to or draw out in length.
Continue	To retain; to suffer or cause to remain; as, the trustees were continued; also, to suffer to live.
Continued	Having extension of time, space, order of events, exertion of energy, etc.; extended; protracted; uninterrupted; also, resumed after interruption; extending through a succession of issues, session, etc.; as, a continued story.
Continuedly	Continuously.
Continuer	One who continues; one who has the power of perseverance or persistence.
Continuities	of Continuity
Continuity	the state of being continuous; uninterupted connection or succession; close union of parts; cohesion; as, the continuity of fibers.
Continuo	Basso continuo, or continued bass.
Continuous	Without break, cessation, or interruption; without intervening space or time; uninterrupted; unbroken; continual; unceasing; constant; continued; protracted; extended; as, a continuous line of railroad; a continuous current of electricity.
Continuous	Not deviating or varying from uninformity; not interrupted; not joined or articulated.
Continuously	In a continuous maner; without interruption.
Contline	The space between the strands on the outside of a rope.
Contline	The space between the bilges of two casks stowed side by side.
Contorniate	Alt. of Contorniate
Contorniate	A species of medal or medallion of bronze, having a deep furrow on the contour or edge; -- supposed to have been struck in the days of Constantine and his successors.
Contorsion	See Contortion.
Contort	To twist, or twist together; to turn awry; to bend; to distort; to wrest.
Contorted	Twisted, or twisted together.
Contorted	Twisted back upon itself, as some parts of plants.
Contorted	Arranged so as to overlap each other; as, petals in contorted or convolute aestivation.
Contortion	A twisting; a writhing; wry motion; a twist; as, the contortion of the muscles of the face.
Contertionist	One who makes or practices contortions.
Contortive	Expressing contortion.
Contortuplicate	Plaited lengthwise and twisted in addition, as the bud of the morning-glory.
Contour	The outline of a figure or body, or the line or lines representing such an outline; the line that bounds; periphery.
Contour	The outline of a horizontal section of the ground, or of works of fortification.
Contourne'	Turned in a direction which is not the usual one; -- said of an animal turned to the sinister which is usually turned to the dexter, or the like.
Contourniated	Having furrowed edges, as if turned in a lathe.
Contra	A Latin adverb and preposition, signifying against, contrary, in opposition, etc., entering as a prefix into the composition of many English words. Cf. Counter, adv. & pref.
Contraband	Illegal or prohibited traffic.
Contraband	Goods or merchandise the importation or exportation of which is forbidden.
Contraband	A negro slave, during the Civil War, escaped to, or was brought within, the Union lines. Such slave was considered contraband of war.
Contraband	Prohibited or excluded by law or treaty; forbidden; as, contraband goods, or trade.
Contraband	To import illegally, as prohibited goods; to smuggle.
Contraband	To declare prohibited; to forbid.
Contrabandism	Traffic in contraband goods; smuggling.
Contrabandist	One who traffics illegally; a smuggler.
Contrabass	Double bass; -- applied to any instrument of the same deep range as the stringed double bass; as, the contrabass ophicleide; the contrabass tuba or bombardon.
Contrabasso	The largest kind of bass viol. See Violone.
Contracted	of Contract
Contracting	of Contract
Contract	To draw together or nearer; to reduce to a less compass; to shorten, narrow, or lessen; as, to contract one's sphere of action.
Contract	To draw together so as to wrinkle; to knit.
Contract	To bring on; to incur; to acquire; as, to contract a habit; to contract a debt; to contract a disease.
Contract	To enter into, with mutual obligations; to make a bargain or covenant for.
Contract	To betroth; to affiance.
Contract	To shorten by omitting a letter or letters or by reducing two or more vowels or syllables to one.
Contract	To be drawn together so as to be diminished in size or extent; to shrink; to be reduced in compass or in duration; as, iron contracts in cooling; a rope contracts when wet.
Contract	To make an agreement; to covenant; to agree; to bargain; as, to contract for carrying the mail.
Contract	Contracted; as, a contract verb.
Contract	Contracted; affianced; betrothed.
Contract	The agreement of two or more persons, upon a sufficient consideration or cause, to do, or to abstain from doing, some act; an agreement in which a party undertakes to do, or not to do, a particular thing; a formal bargain; a compact; an interchange of legal rights.
Contract	A formal writing which contains the agreement of parties, with the terms and conditions, and which serves as a proof of the obligation.
Contract	The act of formally betrothing a man and woman.
Contracted	Drawn together; shrunken; wrinkled; narrow; as, a contracted brow; a contracted noun.
Contracted	Narrow; illiberal; selfish; as, a contracted mind; contracted views.
Contracted	Bargained for; betrothed; as, a contracted peace.
Contractedness	The state of being contracted; narrowness; meanness; selfishness.
Contractibility	Capability of being contracted; quality of being contractible; as, the contractibility and dilatability of air.
Contractible	Capable of contraction.
Contractibleness	Contractibility.
Contractile	tending to contract; having the power or property of contracting, or of shrinking into shorter or smaller dimensions; as, the contractile tissues.
Contractility	The quality or property by which bodies shrink or contract.
Contractility	The power possessed by the fibers of living muscle of contracting or shortening.
Contraction	The act or process of contracting, shortening, or shrinking; the state of being contracted; as, contraction of the heart, of the pupil of the eye, or of a tendion; the contraction produced by cold.
Contraction	The process of shortening an operation.
Contraction	The act of incurring or becoming subject to, as liabilities, obligation, debts, etc.; the process of becoming subject to; as, the contraction of a disease.
Contraction	Something contracted or abbreviated, as a word or phrase; -- as, plenipo for plenipotentiary; crim. con. for criminal conversation, etc.
Contraction	The shortening of a word, or of two words, by the omission of a letter or letters, or by reducing two or more vowels or syllables to one; as, ne'er for never; can't for can not; don't for do not; it's for it is.
Contraction	A marriage contract.
Contractive	Tending to contract; having the property or power or power of contracting.
Contractor	One who contracts; one of the parties to a bargain; one who covenants to do anything for another; specifically, one who contracts to perform work on a rather large scale, at a certain price or rate, as in building houses or making a railroad.
Contracture	A state of permanent rigidity or contraction of the muscles, generally of the flexor muscles.
Contradance	A dance in which the partners are arranged face to face, or in opposite lines.
Contradicted	of Contradict
Contradicting	of Contradict
Contradict	To assert the contrary of; to oppose in words; to take issue with; to gainsay; to deny the truth of, as of a statement or a speaker; to impugn.
Contradict	To be contrary to; to oppose; to resist.
Contradict	To oppose in words; to gainsay; to deny, or assert the contrary of, something.
Contradictable	Capable of being contradicting.
Contradicter	one who contradicts.
Contradiction	An assertion of the contrary to what has been said or affirmed; denial of the truth of a statement or assertion; contrary declaration; gainsaying.
Contradiction	Direct opposition or repugnancy; inconsistency; incongruity or contrariety; one who, or that which, is inconsistent.
Contradictional	Contradictory; inconsistent; opposing.
Contradictions	Filled with contradictions; inconsistent.
Contradictions	Inclined to contradict or cavil
Contradictive	Contradictory; inconsistent.
Contradictor	A contradicter.
Contradictorily	In a contradictory manner.
Contradictoriness	The quality of being contradictory; opposition; inconsistency.
Contradictory	Affirming the contrary; implying a denial of what has been asserted; also, mutually contradicting; inconsistent.
Contradictory	Opposing or opposed; repugnant.
Contradictories	of Contradictory
Contradictory	A proposition or thing which denies or opposes another; contrariety.
Contradictory	propositions with the same terms, but opposed to each other both in quality and quantity.
Contradistinct	Distinguished by opposite qualities.
Contradistinction	Distinction by contrast.
Contradistinctive	having the quality of contradistinction; distinguishing by contrast.
Contradistinguished	of Contradistinguish
Contradistinguishing	of Contradistinguish
Contradistinguish	To distinguish by a contrast of opposite qualities.
Contrafagetto	The double bassoon, an octave deeper than the bassoon.
Contrafissure	A fissure or fracture on the side opposite to that which received the blow, or at some distance from it.
Contrahent	Entering into covenant; contracting; as, contrahent parties.
Contraindicant	Something, as a symptom, indicating that the usual mode of treatment is not to be followed.
Contraindicated	of Contraindicate
Contraindicating	of Contraindicate
Contraindicate	To indicate, as by a symptom, some method of treatment contrary to that which the general tenor of the case would seem to require.
Contraindication	An indication or symptom which forbids the method of treatment usual in such cases.
Contralto	The part sung by the highest male or lowest female voices; the alto or counter tenor.
Contralto	the voice or singer performing this part; as, her voice is a contralto; she is a contralto.
Contralto	Of or pertaining to a contralto, or to the part in music called contralto; as, a contralto voice.
Contramure	An outer wall.
Contranatural	Opposed to or against nature; unnatural.
Contraposition	A placing over against; opposite position.
Contraposition	A so-called immediate inference which consists in denying the original subject of the contradictory predicate; e.g.: Every S is P; therefore, no Not-P is S.
Contrapuntal	Pertaining to, or according to the rules of, counterpoint.
Contrapuntist	One skilled in counterpoint.
Contraremonstrant	One who remonstrates in opposition or answer to a remonstrant.
Contrariant	Contrary; opposed; antagonistic; inconsistent; contradictory.
Contrariantly	Contrarily.
Contraries	Propositions which directly and destructively contradict each other, but of which the falsehood of one does not establish the truth of the other.
Contrarieties	of Contrariety
Contrariety	The state or quality of being contrary; opposition; repugnance; disagreement; antagonism.
Contrariety	Something which is contrary to, or inconsistent with, something else; an inconsistency.
Contrarily	In a contrary manner; in opposition; on the other side; in opposite ways.
Contrariness	state or quality of being contrary; opposition; inconsistency; contrariety; perverseness; obstinacy.
Contrarious	Showing contrariety; repugnant; perverse.
Contrariously	Contrarily; oppositely.
Contrariwise	On the contrary; oppositely; on the other hand.
Contrariwise	In a contrary order; conversely.
Contrarotation	Circular motion in a direction contrary to some other circular motion.
Contrary	Opposite; in an opposite direction; in opposition; adverse; as, contrary winds.
Contrary	Opposed; contradictory; repugnant; inconsistent.
Contrary	Given to opposition; perverse; forward; wayward; as, a contrary disposition; a contrary child.
Contrary	Affirming the opposite; so opposed as to destroy each other; as, contrary propositions.
Contraries	of Contrary
Contrary	A thing that is of contrary or opposite qualities.
Contrary	An opponent; an enemy.
Contrary	the opposite; a proposition, fact, or condition incompatible with another; as, slender proofs which rather show the contrary. See Converse, n., 1.
Contrary	See Contraries.
Contrarry	To contradict or oppose; to thwart.
Contrasted	of Contrast
Contrasting	of Contrast
Contrast	To stand in opposition; to exhibit difference, unlikeness, or opposition of qualities.
Contrast	To set in opposition, or over against, in order to show the differences between, or the comparative excellences and defects of; to compare by difference or contrariety of qualities; as, to contrast the present with the past.
Contrast	To give greater effect to, as to a figure or other object, by putting it in some relation of opposition to another figure or object.
Contrast	The act of contrasting, or the state of being contrasted; comparison by contrariety of qualities.
Contrast	Opposition or dissimilitude of things or qualities; unlikeness, esp. as shown by juxtaposition or comparison.
Contrast	The opposition of varied forms, colors, etc., which by such juxtaposition more vividly express each other's peculiarities.
Contrastimulant	Counteracting the effects of stimulants; relating to a course of medical treatment based on a theory of contrastimulants.
Contrastimulant	An agent which counteracts the effect of a stimulant.
Contrate	Having cogs or teeth projecting parallel to the axis, instead of radiating from it.
Contratenor	Counter tenor; contralto.
Contravallation	A trench guarded with a parapet, constructed by besiegers, to secure themselves and check sallies of the besieged.
Contravened	of Contravene
Contravening	of Contravene
Contravene	To meet in the way of opposition; to come into conflict with; to oppose; to contradict; to obstruct the operation of; to defeat.
Contravene	To violate; to nullify; to be inconsistent with; as, to contravene a law.
Contravener	One who contravenes.
Contravention	The act of contravening; opposition; obstruction; transgression; violation.
Contraversion	A turning to the opposite side; antistrophe.
Contrayerva	A species of Dorstenia (D. Contrayerva), a South American plant, the aromatic root of which is sometimes used in medicine as a gentle stimulant and tonic.
Contrecoup	A concussion or shock produced by a blow or other injury, in a part or region opposite to that at which the blow is received, often causing rupture or disorganisation of the parts affected.
Contretemps	An unexpected and untoward accident; something inopportune or embarrassing; a hitch.
Contributable	Capable of being contributed.
Contributary	Contributory.
Contributary	Tributary; contributing.
Contributed	of Contribute
Contributing	of Contribute
Contribute	To give or grant i common with others; to give to a common stock or for a common purpose; to furnish or suply in part; to give (money or other aid) for a specified object; as, to contribute food or fuel for the poor.
Contribute	To give a part to a common stock; to lend assistance or aid, or give something, to a common purpose; to have a share in any act or effect.
Contribute	To give or use one's power or influence for any object; to assist.
Contribution	The act of contributing.
Contribution	That which is contributed; -- either the portion which an individual furnishes to the common stock, or the whole which is formed by the gifts of individuals.
Contribution	An irregular and arbitrary imposition or tax leved on the people of a town or country.
Contribution	Payment, by each of several jointly liable, of a share in a loss suffered or an amount paid by one of their number for the common benefit.
Contributional	Pertaining to, or furnishing, a contribution.
Contributive	Contributing, or tending to contribute.
Contributer	One who, or that which, contributes; specifically, one who writes articles for a newspaper or magazine.
Contributory	Contributing to the same stock or purpose; promoting the same end; bringing assistance to some joint design, or increase to some common stock; contributive.
Contributories	of Contributory
Contributory	One who contributes, or is liable to be called upon to contribute, as toward the discharge of a common indebtedness.
Contrist	To make sad.
Contristate	To make sorrowful.
Contrite	Thoroughly bruised or broken.
Contrite	Broken down with grief and penitence; deeply sorrowful for sin because it is displeasing to God; humbly and thoroughly penitent.
Contrite	A contrite person.
Contrite	In a contrite manner.
Contriteness	Deep sorrow and penitence for sin; contrition.
Contrition	The act of grinding or ribbing to powder; attrition; friction; rubbing.
Contrition	The state of being contrite; deep sorrow and repentance for sin, because sin is displeasing to God; humble penitence; through repentance.
Contriturate	To triturate; to pulverize.
Contrivble	Capable of being contrived, planned, invented, or devised.
Contrivance	The act or faculty of contriving, inventing, devising, or planning.
Contrivance	The thing contrived, invented, or planned; disposition of parts or causes by design; a scheme; plan; atrifice; arrangement.
Contrived	of Contrive
Contriving	of Contrive
Contrive	To form by an exercise of ingenuity; to devise; to invent; to design; to plan.
Contrive	To make devices; to form designs; to plan; to scheme; to plot.
Contrivement	Contrivance; invention; arrangement; design; plan.
Contriver	One who contrives, devises, plans, or schemas.
Control	A duplicate book, register, or account, kept to correct or check another account or register; a counter register.
Control	That which serves to check, restrain, or hinder; restraint.
Control	Power or authority to check or restrain; restraining or regulating influence; superintendence; government; as, children should be under parental control.
Controlled	of Control
Controlling	of Control
Control	To check by a counter register or duplicate account; to prove by counter statements; to confute.
Control	To exercise restraining or governing influence over; to check; to counteract; to restrain; to regulate; to govern; to overpower.
Controllability	Capability of being controlled; controllableness.
Controllable	Capable of being controlled, checked, or restrained; amenable to command.
Controllableness	Capability of being controlled.
Controller	One who, or that which, controls or restraines; one who has power or authority to regulate or control; one who governs.
Controller	An officer appointed to keep a counter register of accounts, or to examine, rectify, or verify accounts.
Controller	An iron block, usually bolted to a ship's deck, for controlling the running out of a chain cable. The links of the cable tend to drop into hollows in the block, and thus hold fast until disengaged.
Controllership	The office of a controller.
Controlment	The power or act of controlling; the state of being restrained; control; restraint; regulation; superintendence.
Controlment	Opposition; resistance; hostility.
Controversal	Turning or looking opposite ways.
Controversal	Controversial.
Controversary	Controversial.
Controverse	Controversy.
Controverse	To dispute; to controvert.
Controverser	A disputant.
Controversial	Relating to, or consisting of, controversy; disputatious; polemical; as, controversial divinity.
Controversialist	One who carries on a controversy; a disputant.
Controversially	In a controversial manner.
Controversion	Act of controverting; controversy.
Controversor	A controverser.
Controversies	of Controversy
Controversy	Contention; dispute; debate; discussion; agitation of contrary opinions.
Controversy	Quarrel; strife; cause of variance; difference.
Controversy	A suit in law or equity; a question of right.
Controverted	of Controvert
Controverting	of Controvert
Controvert	To make matter of controversy; to dispute or oppose by reasoning; to contend against in words or writings; to contest; to debate.
Controverter	One who controverts; a controversial writer; a controversialist.
Controvertible	Capable of being controverted; disputable; admitting of question.
Controvertist	One skilled in or given to controversy; a controversialist.
Contubernal	Alt. of Contubernial
Contubernial	Living or messing together; familiar; in companionship.
Contumacious	Exhibiting contumacy; contemning authority; obstinate; perverse; stubborn; disobedient.
Contumacious	Willfully disobedient to the summous or prders of a court.
Contumacies	of Contumacy
Contumacy	Stubborn perverseness; pertinacious resistance to authority.
Contumacy	A willful contempt of, and disobedience to, any lawful summons, or to the rules and orders of court, as a refusal to appear in court when legally summoned.
Contumelious	Exhibiting contumely; rudely contemptuous; insolent; disdainful.
Contumelious	Shameful; disgraceful.
Contumely	Rudeness compounded of haughtiness and contempt; scornful insolence; despiteful treatment; disdain; contemptuousness in act or speech; disgrace.
Contused	of Contuse
Contusing	of Contuse
Contuse	To beat, pound, or together.
Contuse	To bruise; to injure or disorganize a part without breaking the skin.
Contusion	The act or process of beating, bruising, or pounding; the state of being beaten or bruised.
Contusion	A bruise; an injury attended with more or less disorganization of the subcutaneous tissue and effusion of blood beneath the skin, but without apparent wound.
Conundrum	A kind of riddle based upon some fanciful or fantastic resemblance between things quite unlike; a puzzling question, of which the answer is or involves a pun.
Conundrum	A question to which only a conjectural answer can be made.
Conure	An American parrakeet of the genus Conurus. Many species are known. See Parrakeet.
Conus	A cone.
Conus	A Linnean genus of mollusks having a conical shell. See Cone, n., 4.
Conusable	Cognizable; liable to be tried or judged.
Conusant	See Cognizant.
Conusor	See Cognizor.
Convalesced	of Convalesce
Convalescing	of Convalesce
Convalesce	To recover health and strength gradually, after sickness or weakness; as, a patient begins to convalesce.
Convalesced	Convalescent.
Convalescence	Alt. of Convalescency
Convalescency	The recovery of heath and strength after disease; the state of a body renewing its vigor after sickness or weakness; the time between the subsidence of a disease and complete restoration to health.
Convalescent	Recovering from sickness or debility; partially restored to health or strength.
Convalescent	Of or pertaining to convalescence.
Convalescent	One recovering from sickness.
Convalescently	In the manner of a convalescent; with increasing strength or vigor.
Convallamarin	A white, crystalline, poisonous substance, regarded as a glucoside, extracted from the lily of the valley (Convallaria Majalis). Its taste is first bitter, then sweet.
Convallaria	The lily of the valley.
Convallarin	A white, crystalline glucoside, of an irritating taste, extracted from the convallaria or lily of the valley.
Convection	The act or process of conveying or transmitting.
Convection	A process of transfer or transmission, as of heat or electricity, by means of currents in liquids or gases, resulting from changes of temperature and other causes.
Convective	Caused or accomplished by convection; as, a convective discharge of electricity.
Convectively	In a convective manner.
Convellent	Tending to tear or pull up.
Convenable	Capable of being convened or assembled.
Convenable	Consistent; accordant; suitable; proper; as, convenable remedies.
Convenance	That which is suitable, agreeable, or convenient.
Convened	of Convene
Convenong	of Convene
Convene	To come together; to meet; to unite.
Convene	To come together, as in one body or for a public purpose; to meet; to assemble.
Convene	To cause to assemble; to call together; to convoke.
Convene	To summon judicially to meet or appear.
Convener	One who convenes or meets with others.
Convener	One who calls an assembly together or convenes a meeting; hence, the chairman of a committee or other organized body.
Convenience	Alt. of Conveniency
Conveniency	The state or quality of being convenient; fitness or suitableness, as of place, time, etc.; propriety.
Conveniency	Freedom from discomfort, difficulty, or trouble; commodiousness; ease; accommodation.
Conveniency	That which is convenient; that which promotes comfort or advantage; that which is suited to one's wants; an accommodation.
Conveniency	A convenient or fit time; opportunity; as, to do something at one's convenience.
Convenient	Fit or adapted; suitable; proper; becoming; appropriate.
Convenient	Affording accommodation or advantage; well adapted to use; handly; as, a convenient house; convenient implements or tools.
Convenient	Seasonable; timely; opportune; as, a convenient occasion; a convenient season.
Convenient	Near at hand; easy of access.
Conveniently	In a convenient manner, form, or situation; without difficulty.
Convent	A coming together; a meeting.
Convent	An association or community of recluses devoted to a religious life; a body of monks or nuns.
Convent	A house occupied by a community of religious recluses; a monastery or nunnery.
Convent	To meet together; to concur.
Convent	To be convenient; to serve.
Convent	To call before a judge or judicature; to summon; to convene.
Conventical	Of or from, or pertaining to, a convent.
Conventicle	A small assembly or gathering; esp., a secret assembly.
Conventicle	An assembly for religious worship; esp., such an assembly held privately, as in times of persecution, by Nonconformists or Dissenters in England, or by Covenanters in Scotland; -- often used opprobriously, as if those assembled were heretics or schismatics.
Conventicler	One who supports or frequents conventicles.
Conventicling	Belonging or going to, or resembling, a conventicle.
Convention	The act of coming together; the state of being together; union; coalition.
Convention	General agreement or concurrence; arbitrary custom; usage; conventionality.
Convention	A meeting or an assembly of persons, esp. of delegates or representatives, to accomplish some specific object, -- civil, social, political, or ecclesiastical.
Convention	An extraordinary assembly of the parkiament or estates of the realm, held without the king's writ, -- as the assembly which restored Charles II. to the throne, and that which declared the throne to be abdicated by James II.
Convention	An agreement or contract less formal than, or preliminary to, a treaty; an informal compact, as between commanders of armies in respect to suspension of hostilities, or between states; also, a formal agreement between governments or sovereign powers; as, a postal convention between two governments.
Conventional	Formed by agreement or compact; stipulated.
Conventional	Growing out of, or depending on, custom or tacit agreement; sanctioned by general concurrence or usage; formal.
Conventional	Based upon tradition, whether religious and historical or of artistic rules.
Conventional	Abstracted; removed from close representation of nature by the deliberate selection of what is to be represented and what is to be rejected; as, a conventional flower; a conventional shell.  Cf. Conventionalize, v. t.
Conventionalism	That which is received or established by convention or arbitrary agreement; that which is in accordance with the fashion, tradition, or usage.
Conventionalism	The principles or practice of conventionalizing. See Conventionalize, v. t.
Conventionalist	One who adheres to a convention or treaty.
Conventionalist	One who is governed by conventionalism.
Conventionalities	of Conventionality
Conventionality	The state of being conventional; adherence to social formalities or usages; that which is established by conventional use; one of the customary usages of social life.
Conventionalization	The act of making conventional.
Conventionalization	The state of being conventional.
Conventionalized	of Conventionalizw
Conventionalizing	of Conventionalizw
Conventionalizw	To make conventional; to bring under the influence of, or cause to conform to, conventional rules; to establish by usage.
Conventionalizw	To represent by selecting the important features and those which are expressible in the medium employed, and omitting the others.
Conventionalizw	To represent according to an established principle, whether religious or traditional, or based upon certain artistic rules of supposed importance.
Conventionalize	To make designs in art, according to conventional principles. Cf. Conventionalize, v. t., 2.
Conventionalily	In a conventional manner.
Conventionary	Acting under contract; settled by express agreement; as, conventionary tenants.
Conventioner	One who belongs to a convention or assembly.
Conventionist	One who enters into a convention, covenant, or contract.
Conventual	Of or pertaining to a convent; monastic.
Conventual	One who lives in a convent; a monk or nun; a recluse.
Converged	of Converge
Converging	of Converge
Converge	To tend to one point; to incline and approach nearer together; as, lines converge.
Converge	To cause to tend to one point; to cause to incline and approach nearer together.
Convergence	Alt. of Convergency
Convergency	The condition or quality of converging; tendency to one point.
Convergent	tending to one point of focus; tending to approach each other; converging.
Converging	Tending to one point; approaching each other; convergent; as, converging lines.
Conversable	Qualified for conversation; disposed to converse; sociable; free in discourse.
Conversableness	The quality of being conversable; disposition to converse; sociability.
Conversably	In a conversable manner.
Conversance	The state or quality of being conversant; habit of familiarity; familiar acquaintance; intimacy.
Conversancy	Conversance
Conversant	Having frequent or customary intercourse; familiary associated; intimately acquainted.
Conversant	Familiar or acquainted by use or study; well-informed; versed; -- generally used with with, sometimes with in.
Conversant	Concerned; occupied.
Conversant	One who converses with another; a convenser.
Conversantly	In a familiar manner.
Conversation	General course of conduct; behavior.
Conversation	Familiar intercourse; intimate fellowship or association; close acquaintance.
Conversation	Commerce; intercourse; traffic.
Conversation	Colloquial discourse; oral interchange of sentiments and observations; informal dialogue.
Conversation	Sexual intercourse; as, criminal conversation.
Conversational	Pertaining to conversation; in the manner of one conversing; as, a conversational style.
Conversationalist	A conversationist.
Conversationed	Acquainted with manners and deportment; behaved.
Conversationism	A word or phrase used in conversation; a colloquialism.
Conversationist	One who converses much, or who excels in conversation.
Conversative	Relating to intercourse with men; social; -- opposed to contemplative.
Conversazioni	of Conversazi-one
Conversazi-one	A meeting or assembly for conversation, particularly on literary or scientific subjects.
Conversed	of Converse
Conversing	of Converse
Converse	To keep company; to hold intimate intercourse; to commune; -- followed by with.
Converse	To engage in familiar colloquy; to interchange thoughts and opinions in a free, informal manner; to chat; -- followed by with before a person; by on, about, concerning, etc., before a thing.
Converse	To have knowledge of, from long intercourse or study; -- said of things.
Converse	Frequent intercourse; familiar communion; intimate association.
Converse	Familiar discourse; free interchange of thoughts or views; conversation; chat.
Converse	Turned about; reversed in order or relation; reciprocal; as, a converse proposition.
Converse	A proposition which arises from interchanging the terms of another, as by putting the predicate for the subject, and the subject for the predicate; as, no virtue is vice, no vice is virtue.
Converse	A proposition in which, after a conclusion from something supposed has been drawn, the order is inverted, making the conclusion the supposition or premises, what was first supposed becoming now the conclusion or inference. Thus, if two sides of a sides of a triangle are equal, the angles opposite the sides are equal; and the converse is true, i.e., if these angles are equal, the two sides are equal.
Conversely	In a converse manner; with change of order or relation; reciprocally.
Converser	One who engages in conversation.
Conversible	Capable of being converted or reversed.
Conversion	The act of turning or changing from one state or condition to another, or the state of being changed; transmutation; change.
Conversion	The act of changing one's views or course, as in passing from one side, party, or from of religion to another; also, the state of being so changed.
Conversion	An appropriation of, and dealing with the property of another as if it were one's own, without right; as, the conversion of a horse.
Conversion	The act of interchanging the terms of a proposition, as by putting the subject in the place of the predicate, or the contrary.
Conversion	A change or reduction of the form or value of a proposition; as, the conversion of equations; the conversion of proportions.
Conversion	A change of front, as a body of troops attacked in the flank.
Conversion	A change of character or use, as of smoothbore guns into rifles.
Conversion	A spiritual and moral change attending a change of belief with conviction; a change of heart; a change from the service of the world to the service of God; a change of the ruling disposition of the soul, involving a transformation of the outward life.
Conversive	Capable of being converted or changed.
Conversive	Ready to converse; social.
Converted	of Convert
Converting	of Convert
Convert	To cause to turn; to turn.
Convert	To change or turn from one state or condition to another; to alter in form, substance, or quality; to transform; to transmute; as, to convert water into ice.
Convert	To change or turn from one belief or course to another, as from one religion to another or from one party or sect to another.
Convert	To produce the spiritual change called conversion in (any one); to turn from a bad life to a good one; to change the heart and moral character of (any one) from the controlling power of sin to that of holiness.
Convert	To apply to any use by a diversion from the proper or intended use; to appropriate dishonestly or illegally.
Convert	To exchange for some specified equivalent; as, to convert goods into money.
Convert	To change (one proposition) into another, so that what was the subject of the first becomes the predicate of the second.
Convert	To turn into another language; to translate.
Convert	To be turned or changed in character or direction; to undergo a change, physically or morally.
Convert	A person who is converted from one opinion or practice to another; a person who is won over to, or heartily embraces, a creed, religious system, or party, in which he has not previously believed; especially, one who turns from the controlling power of sin to that of holiness, or from unbelief to Christianity.
Convert	A lay friar or brother, permitted to enter a monastery for the service of the house, but without orders, and not allowed to sing in the choir.
Convertend	Any proposition which is subject to the process of conversion; -- so called in its relation to itself as converted, after which process it is termed the converse. See Converse, n. (Logic).
Converter	One who converts; one who makes converts.
Converter	A retort, used in the Bessemer process, in which molten cast iron is decarburized and converted into steel by a blast of air forced through the liquid metal.
Convertibility	The condition or quality of being convertible; capability of being exchanged; convertibleness.
Convertible	Capable of being converted; susceptible of change; transmutable; transformable.
Convertible	Capable of being exchanged or interchanged; reciprocal; interchangeable.
Convertibleness	The state of being convertible; convertibility.
Convertibly	In a convertible manner.
Convertite	A convert.
Convex	Rising or swelling into a spherical or rounded form; regularly protuberant or bulging; -- said of a spherical surface or curved line when viewed from without, in opposition to concave.
Convex	A convex body or surface.
Convexed	Made convex; protuberant in a spherical form.
Convexedly	In a convex form; convexly.
Convexedness	Convexity.
Convexities	of Convexity
Convexity	The state of being convex; the exterior surface of a convex body; roundness.
Convexly	In a convex form; as, a body convexly shaped.
Convexness	The state of being convex; convexity.
Convexo-concave	Convex on one side, and concave on the other. The curves of the convex and concave sides may be alike or may be different. See Meniscus.
Convexo-convex	Convex on both sides; double convex. See under Convex, a.
Convexo-plane	Convex on one side, and flat on the other; plano-convex.
Conveyed	of Convey
Conveying	of Convey
Convey	To carry from one place to another; to bear or transport.
Convey	To cause to pass from one place or person to another; to serve as a medium in carrying (anything) from one place or person to another; to transmit; as, air conveys sound; words convey ideas.
Convey	To transfer or deliver to another; to make over, as property; more strictly (Law), to transfer (real estate) or pass (a title to real estate) by a sealed writing.
Convey	To impart or communicate; as, to convey an impression; to convey information.
Convey	To manage with privacy; to carry out.
Convey	To carry or take away secretly; to steal; to thieve.
Convey	To accompany; to convoy.
Convey	To play the thief; to steal.
Conveyable	Capable of being conveyed or transferred.
Conveyance	The act of conveying, carrying, or transporting; carriage.
Conveyance	The instrument or means of carrying or transporting anything from place to place; the vehicle in which, or means by which, anything is carried from one place to another; as, stagecoaches, omnibuses, etc., are conveyances; a canal or aqueduct is a conveyance for water.
Conveyance	The act or process of transferring, transmitting, handing down, or communicating; transmission.
Conveyance	The act by which the title to property, esp. real estate, is transferred; transfer of ownership; an instrument in writing (as a deed or mortgage), by which the title to property is conveyed from one person to another.
Conveyance	Dishonest management, or artifice.
Conveyancer	One whose business is to draw up conveyances of property, as deeds, mortgages, leases, etc.
Conveyancing	The business of a conveyancer; the act or business of drawing deeds, leases, or other writings, for transferring the title to property from one person to another.
Conveyer	One who, or that which, conveys or carries, transmits or transfers.
Conveyer	One given to artifices or secret practices; a juggler; a cheat; a thief.
Conveyor	A contrivance for carrying objects from place to place; esp., one for conveying grain, coal, etc., -- as a spiral or screw turning in a pipe or trough, an endless belt with buckets, or a truck running along a rope.
Conviciate	To utter reproaches; to raise a clamor; to rail.
Convicinities	of Convicinity
Convicinity	Immediate vicinity; neighborhood.
Convicious	Expressing reproach; abusive; railing; taunting.
Convict	Proved or found guilty; convicted.
Convict	A person proved guilty of a crime alleged against him; one legally convicted or sentenced to punishment for some crime.
Convict	A criminal sentenced to penal servitude.
Convicted	of Convict
Convicting	of Convict
Convict	To prove or find guilty of an offense or crime charged; to pronounce guilty, as by legal decision, or by one's conscience.
Convict	To prove or show to be false; to confute; to refute.
Convict	To demonstrate by proof or evidence; to prove.
Convict	To defeat; to doom to destruction.
Convict1ible	Capable of being convicted.
Conviction	The act of convicting; the act of proving, finding, or adjudging, guilty of an offense.
Conviction	A judgment of condemnation entered by a court having jurisdiction; the act or process of finding guilty, or the state of being found guilty of any crime by a legal tribunal.
Conviction	The act of convincing of error, or of compelling the admission of a truth; confutation.
Conviction	The state of being convinced or convicted; strong persuasion or belief; especially, the state of being convicted of sin, or by one's conscience.
Convictism	The policy or practice of transporting convicts to penal settlements.
Convictive	Convincing.
Convinced	of Convince
Convincing	of Convince
Convince	To overpower; to overcome; to subdue or master.
Convince	To overcome by argument; to force to yield assent to truth; to satisfy by proof.
Convince	To confute; to prove the fallacy of.
Convince	To prove guilty; to convict.
Convincement	Act of convincing, or state of being convinced; conviction.
Convincer	One who, or that which, convinces; one who wins over by proof.
Convincible	Capable of being convinced or won over.
Convincible	Capable of being confuted and disproved by argument; refutable.
Convincingly	in a convincing manner; in a manner to compel assent.
Convincingness	The power of convincing, or the quality of being convincing.
Convival	pertaining to a feast or to festivity; convivial.
Convive	To feast together; to be convivial.
Convive	A quest at a banquet.
Convivial	Of or relating to a feast or entertainment, or to eating and drinking, with accompanying festivity; festive; social; gay; jovial.
Convivialist	A person of convivial habits.
Convivialities	of Conviviality
Conviviality	The good humor or mirth indulged in upon festive occasions; a convivial spirit or humor; festivity.
Convivially	In a convivial manner.
Convocated	of Convocate
Convocating	of Convocate
Convocate	To convoke; to call together.
Convocation	The act of calling or assembling by summons.
Convocation	An assembly or meeting.
Convocation	An assembly of the clergy, by their representatives, to consult on ecclesiastical affairs.
Convocation	An academical assembly, in which the business of the university is transacted.
Convocational	Of or pertaining to a convocation.
Convocationist	An advocate or defender of convocation.
Convoked	of Convoke
Convoking	of Convoke
Convoke	To call together; to summon to meet; to assemble by summons.
Convolute	Rolled or wound together, one part upon another; -- said of the leaves of plants in aestivation.
Convoluted	Having convolutions.
Convoluted	Folded in tortuous windings.
Convolution	The act of rolling anything upon itself, or one thing upon another; a winding motion.
Convolution	The state of being rolled upon itself, or rolled or doubled together; a tortuous or sinuous winding or fold, as of something rolled or folded upon itself.
Convolution	An irregular, tortuous folding of an organ or part; as, the convolutions of the intestines; the cerebral convolutions. See Brain.
Convolved	of Convolve
Convolving	of Convolve
Convolve	To roll or wind together; to roll or twist one part on another.
Convolvulaceous	Of, pertaining to, or resembling, the family of plants of which the bindweed and the morning-glory are common examples.
Convolvulin	A glucoside occurring in jalap (the root of a convolvulaceous plant), and extracted as a colorless, tasteless, gummy mass of powerful purgative properties.
Convolvuli	of Convolvulus
Convoluluses	of Convolvulus
Convolvulus	A large genus of plants having monopetalous flowers, including the common bindweed (C. arwensis), and formerly the morning-glory, but this is now transferred to the genus Ipomaea.
Convoyed	of Convoy
Convoying	of Convoy
Convoy	To accompany for protection, either by sea or land; to attend for protection; to escort; as, a frigate convoys a merchantman.
Convoy	The act of attending for defense; the state of being so attended; protection; escort.
Convoy	A vessel or fleet, or a train or trains of wagons, employed in the transportation of munitions of war, money, subsistence, clothing, etc., and having an armed escort.
Convoy	A protection force accompanying ships, etc., on their way from place to place, by sea or land; an escort, for protection or guidance.
Convoy	Conveyance; means of transportation.
Convoy	A drag or brake applied to the wheels of a carriage, to check their velocity in going down a hill.
Convulsed	of Convulse
Convulsing	of Convulse
Convulse	To contract violently and irregulary, as the muscular parts of an animal body; to shake with irregular spasms, as in excessive laughter, or in agony from grief or pain.
Convulse	To agitate greatly; to shake violently.
Convulsion	An unnatural, violent, and unvoluntary contraction of the muscular parts of an animal body.
Convulsion	Any violent and irregular motion or agitation; a violent shaking; a tumult; a commotion.
Convulsional	Pertaining to, or having, convulsions; convulsionary.
Convulsionary	Pertaining to convulsion; convulsive.
Convulsionary	A convulsionist.
Convulsionist	One who has convulsions; esp., one of a body of fanatics in France, early in the eighteenth century, who went into convulsions under the influence of religious emotion; as, the Convulsionists of St. Medard.
Convulsive	Producing, or attended with, convulsions or spasms; characterized by convulsions; convulsionary.
Convulsively	in a convulsive manner.
Cony	A rabbit, esp., the European rabbit (Lepus cuniculus)
Cony	The chief hare.
Cony	A simpleton.
Cony	An important edible West Indian fish (Epinephelus apua); the hind of Bermuda.
Cony	A local name of the burbot.
Cony-catch	To deceive; to cheat; to trick.
Cony-catcher	A cheat; a sharper; a deceiver.
Conylene	An oily substance, C8H14, obtained from several derivatives of conine.
Conyrine	A blue, fluorescent, oily base (regarded as a derivative of pyridine), obtained from conine.
Cooed	of Coo
Cooing	of Coo
Coo	To make a low repeated cry or sound, like the characteristic note of pigeons or doves.
Coo	To show affection; to act in a loving way. See under Bill, v. i.
Cooey	Alt. of Cooee
Cooee	A peculiar whistling sound made by the Australian aborigenes as a call or signal.
Cook	To make the noise of the cuckoo.
Cook	To throw.
Cook	One whose occupation is to prepare food for the table; one who dresses or cooks meat or vegetables for eating.
Cook	A fish, the European striped wrasse.
Cooked	of Cook
Cooking	of Cook
Cook	To prepare, as food, by boiling, roasting, baking, broiling, etc.; to make suitable for eating, by the agency of fire or heat.
Cook	To concoct or prepare; hence, to tamper with or alter; to garble; -- often with up; as, to cook up a story; to cook an account.
Cook	To prepare food for the table.
Cookbook	A book of directions and receipts for cooking; a cookery book.
Cookee	A female cook.
Cookery	The art or process of preparing food for the table, by dressing, compounding, and the application of heat.
Cookery	A delicacy; a dainty.
Cookey	Alt. of Cookie
Cookie	See Cooky.
Cookmaid	A female servant or maid who dresses provisions and assists the cook.
Cookroom	A room for cookery; a kitchen; the galley or caboose of a ship.
Cookshop	An eating house.
Cookies	of Cooky
Cooky	A small, flat, sweetened cake of various kinds.
Cool	Moderately cold; between warm and cold; lacking in warmth; producing or promoting coolness.
Cool	Not ardent, warm, fond, or passionate; not hasty; deliberate; exercising self-control; self-possessed; dispassionate; indifferent; as, a cool lover; a cool debater.
Cool	Not retaining heat; light; as, a cool dress.
Cool	Manifesting coldness or dislike; chilling; apathetic; as, a cool manner.
Cool	Quietly impudent; negligent of propriety in matters of minor importance, either ignorantly or willfully; presuming and selfish; audacious; as, cool behavior.
Cool	Applied facetiously, in a vague sense, to a sum of money, commonly as if to give emphasis to the largeness of the amount.
Cool	A moderate state of cold; coolness; -- said of the temperature of the air between hot and cold; as, the cool of the day; the cool of the morning or evening.
Cooled	of Cool
Cooling	of Cool
Cool	To make cool or cold; to reduce the temperature of; as, ice cools water.
Cool	To moderate the heat or excitement of; to allay, as passion of any kind; to calm; to moderate.
Cool	To become less hot; to lose heat.
Cool	To lose the heat of excitement or passion; to become more moderate.
Cooler	That which cools, or abates heat or excitement.
Cooler	Anything in or by which liquids or other things are cooled, as an ice chest, a vessel for ice water, etc.
Cool-headed	Having a temper not easily excited; free from passion.
Coolie	Same as Cooly.
Cooling	Adapted to cool and refresh; allaying heat.
Coolish	Somewhat cool.
Coolly	Coolish; cool.
Coolly	In a cool manner; without heat or excessive cold; without passion or ardor; calmly; deliberately; with indifference; impudently.
Coolness	The state of being cool; a moderate degree of cold; a moderate degree, or a want, of passion; want of ardor, zeal, or affection; calmness.
Coolness	Calm impudence; self-possession.
Coolung	The great gray crane of India (Grus cinerea).
Coolies	of Coolie
Cooly	Alt. of Coolie
Coolie	An East Indian porter or carrier; a laborer transported from the East Indies, China, or Japan, for service in some other country.
Coom	Soot; coal dust; refuse matter, as the dirty grease which comes from axle boxes, or the refuse at the mouth of an oven.
Coomb	A dry measure of four bushels, or half a quarter.
Coomb	Alt. of Coombe
Coombe	A hollow in a hillside. [Prov. Eng.] See Comb, Combe.
Coon	A raccoon. See Raccoon.
Coontie	A cycadaceous plant of Florida and the West Indies, the Zamia integrifolia, from the stems of which a kind of sago is prepared.
Coop	A barrel or cask for liquor.
Coop	An inclosure for keeping small animals; a pen; especially, a grated box for confining poultry.
Coop	A cart made close with boards; a tumbrel.
Cooped	of Coop
Cooping	of Coop
Coop	To confine in a coop; hence, to shut up or confine in a narrow compass; to cramp; -- usually followed by up, sometimes by in.
Coop	To work upon in the manner of a cooper.
Coopee	See Coupe.
Cooper	One who makes barrels, hogsheads, casks, etc.
Coopered	of Cooper
Coopering	of Cooper
Cooper	To do the work of a cooper upon; as, to cooper a cask or barrel.
Cooperage	Work done by a cooper.
Cooperage	The price paid for coopers; work.
Cooperage	A place where coopers' work is done.
Cooperant	Operating together; as, cooperant forces.
Cooperated	of Cooperate
Cooperating	of Cooperate
Cooperate	To act or operate jointly with another or others; to concur in action, effort, or effect.
Cooperation	The act of cooperating, or of operating together to one end; joint operation; concurrent effort or labor.
Cooperation	The association of a number of persons for their benefit.
Cooperative	Operating jointly to the same end.
Cooperator	One who labors jointly with others to promote the same end.
Cooper	Work done by a cooper in making or repairing barrels, casks, etc.; the business of a cooper.
Coopery	Relating to a cooper; coopered.
Coopery	The occupation of a cooper.
Coopt	To choose or elect in concert with another.
Cooptate	To choose; to elect; to coopt.
Cooptation	The act of choosing; selection; choice.
Coordain	To ordain or appoint for some purpose along with another.
Coordinance	Joint ordinance.
Coordinate	Equal in rank or order; not subordinate.
Coordinated	of Coordinate
Coordinating	of Coordinate
Coordinate	To make coordinate; to put in the same order or rank; as, to coordinate ideas in classification.
Coordinate	To give a common action, movement, or condition to; to regulate and combine so as to produce harmonious action; to adjust; to harmonize; as, to coordinate muscular movements.
Coordinate	A thing of the same rank with another thing; one two or more persons or things of equal rank, authority, or importance.
Coordinate	Lines, or other elements of reference, by means of which the position of any point, as of a curve, is defined with respect to certain fixed lines, or planes, called coordinate axes and coordinate planes. See Abscissa.
Coordinately	In a coordinate manner.
Coordinateness	The state of being coordinate; equality of rank or authority.
Coordination	The act of coordinating; the act of putting in the same order, class, rank, dignity, etc.; as, the coordination of the executive, the legislative, and the judicial authority in forming a government; the act of regulating and combining so as to produce harmonious results; harmonious adjustment; as, a coordination of functions.
Coordination	The state of being coordinate, or of equal rank, dignity, power, etc.
Coordinative	Expressing coordination.
Coot	A wading bird with lobate toes, of the genus Fulica.
Coot	The surf duck or scoter. In the United States all the species of (/demia are called coots. See Scoter.
Coot	A stupid fellow; a simpleton; as, a silly coot.
Cooter	A fresh-water tortoise (Pseudemus concinna) of Florida.
Cooter	The box tortoise.
Cootfoot	The phalarope; -- so called because its toes are like the coot's.
Coothay	A striped satin made in India.
Cop	The top of a thing; the head; a crest.
Cop	A conical or conical-ended mass of coiled thread, yarn, or roving, wound upon a spindle, etc.
Cop	A tube or quill upon which silk is wound.
Cop	Same as Merlon.
Cop	A policeman.
Copaiba	Alt. of Copaiva
Copaiva	A more or less viscid, yellowish liquid, the bitter oleoresin of several species of Copaifera, a genus of trees growing in South America and the West Indies. It is stimulant and diuretic, and is much used in affections of the mucous membranes; -- called also balsam of copaiba.
Copal	A resinous substance flowing spontaneously from trees of Zanzibar, Madagascar, and South America (Trachylobium Hornemannianum, T. verrucosum, and Hymenaea Courbaril), and dug from earth where forests have stood in Africa; -- used chiefly in making varnishes.
Coparcenaries	of Coparcenary
Coparcenary	Partnership in inheritance; joint heirship; joint right of succession to an inheritance.
Coparcener	One who has an equal portion with others of an inheritance.
Coparceny	An equal share of an inheritance.
Copart	To share.
Copartment	A compartment.
Copartner	One who is jointly concerned with one or more persons in business, etc.; a partner; an associate; a partaker; a sharer.
Copartnership	The state of being a copartner or of having a joint interest in any matter.
Copartnership	A partnership or firm; as, A. and B. have this day formed a copartnership.
Copartneries	of Copartnery
Copartnery	the state of being copartners in any undertaking.
Copatain	Having a high crown, or a point or peak at top.
Copatriot	A joint patriot.
Cope	A covering for the head.
Cope	Anything regarded as extended over the head, as the arch or concave of the sky, the roof of a house, the arch over a door.
Cope	An ecclesiastical vestment or cloak, semicircular in form, reaching from the shoulders nearly to the feet, and open in front except at the top, where it is united by a band or clasp. It is worn in processions and on some other occasions.
Cope	An ancient tribute due to the lord of the soil, out of the lead mines in Derbyshire, England.
Cope	The top part of a flask or mold; the outer part of a loam mold.
Cope	To form a cope or arch; to bend or arch; to bow.
Cope	To pare the beak or talons of (a hawk).
Coped	of Cope
Coping	of Cope
Cope	To exchange or barter.
Cope	To encounter; to meet; to have to do with.
Cope	To enter into or maintain a hostile contest; to struggle; to combat; especially, to strive or contend on equal terms or with success; to match; to equal; -- usually followed by with.
Cope	To bargain for; to buy.
Cope	To make return for; to requite; to repay.
Cope	To match one's self against; to meet; to encounter.
Cope-chisel	A narrow chisel adapted for cutting a groove.
Copeck	A Russian copper coin. See Kopeck.
Coped	Clad in a cope.
Copelata	See Larvalla.
Copeman	A chapman; a dealer; a merchant.
Copepod	Of or pertaining to the Copepoda.
Copepod	One of the Copepoda.
Copepoda	An order of Entomostraca, including many minute Crustacea, both fresh-water and marine.
Copernican	Pertaining to Copernicus, a Prussian by birth (b. 1473, d. 1543), who taught the world the solar system now received, called the Copernican system.
Copesmate	An associate or companion; a friend; a partner.
Copestone	A stone for coping. See Coping.
Copier	One who copies; one who writes or transcribes from an original; a transcriber.
Copier	An imitator; one who imitates an example; hence, a plagiarist.
Coping	The highest or covering course of masonry in a wall, often with sloping edges to carry off water; -- sometimes called capping.
Copious	Large in quantity or amount; plentiful; abundant; fruitful.
Copiously	In a copious manner.
Copiousness	The state or quality of being copious; abudance; plenty; also, diffuseness in style.
Copist	A copier.
Coplaner	Situated in one plane.
Copland	A piece of ground terminating in a point or acute angle.
Coportion	Equal share.
Copped	Rising to a point or head; conical; pointed; crested.
Coppel	See Cupel.
Copper	A common metal of a reddish color, both ductile and malleable, and very tenacious. It is one of the best conductors of heat and electricity. Symbol Cu. Atomic weight 63.3. It is one of the most useful metals in itself, and also in its alloys, brass and bronze.
Copper	A coin made of copper; a penny, cent, or other minor coin of copper.
Copper	A vessel, especially a large boiler, made of copper.
Copper	the boilers in the galley for cooking; as, a ship's coppers.
Coppered	of Copper
Coppering	of Copper
Copper	To cover or coat with copper; to sheathe with sheets of copper; as, to copper a ship.
Copperas	Green vitriol, or sulphate of iron; a green crystalline substance, of an astringent taste, used in making ink, in dyeing black, as a tonic in medicine, etc. It is made on a large scale by the oxidation of iron pyrites. Called also ferrous sulphate.
Copper-bottomed	Having a bottom made of copper, as a tin boiler or other vessel, or sheathed with copper, as a ship.
Copper-faced	Faced or covered with copper; as, copper-faced type.
Copper-fastened	Fastened with copper bolts, as the planks of ships, etc.; as, a copper-fastened ship.
Copperhead	A poisonous American serpent (Ancistrodon conotortrix), closely allied to the rattlesnake, but without rattles; -- called also copper-belly, and red viper.
Copperhead	A nickname applied to a person in the Northern States who sympathized with the South during the Civil War.
Coppering	The act of covering with copper.
Coppering	An envelope or covering of copper.
Copperish	Containing, or partaking of the nature of, copper; like copper; as, a copperish taste.
Copper-nickel	Niccolite.
Copper-nose	A red nose.
Copperplate	A plate of polished copper on which a design or writing is engraved.
Copperplate	An impression on paper taken from such a plate.
Coppersmith	One whose occupation is to manufacture copper utensils; a worker in copper.
Copper works	A place where copper is wrought or manufactured.
Copperworm	The teredo; -- so called because it injures the bottoms of vessels, where not protected by copper.
Copperworm	The ringworm.
Coppery	Mixed with copper; containing copper, or made of copper; like copper.
Coppice	A grove of small growth; a thicket of brushwood; a wood cut at certain times for fuel or other purposes. See Copse.
Coppin	A cop of thread.
Copple	Something rising in a conical shape; specifically, a hill rising to a point.
Copple-crown	A created or high-topped crown or head.
Coppled	Rising to a point; conical; copped.
Copple dust	Cupel dust.
Copplestone	A cobblestone.
Copps	See Copse.
Copra	The dried meat of the cocoanut, from which cocoanut oil is expressed.
Coprolite	A piece of petrified dung; a fossil excrement.
Coprolitic	Containing, pertaining to, or of the nature of, coprolites.
Coprophagan	A kind of beetle which feeds upon dung.
Coprophagous	Feeding upon dung, as certain insects.
Cop-rose	The red, or corn, poppy.
Cops	The connecting crook of a harrow.
Copse	A wood of small growth; a thicket of brushwood. See Coppice.
Copse	To trim or cut; -- said of small trees, brushwood, tufts of grass, etc.
Copse	To plant and preserve, as a copse.
Copsewood	Brushwood; coppice.
Copsy	Characterized by copses.
Coptic	Of or pertaining to the Copts.
Coptic	The language of the Copts.
Copts	An Egyptian race thought to be descendants of the ancient Egyptians.
Copts	The principal sect of Christians in Egypt and the valley of the Nile.
Copula	The word which unites the subject and predicate.
Copula	The stop which connects the manuals, or the manuals with the pedals; -- called also coupler.
Copulate	Joined; associated; coupled.
Copulate	Joining subject and predicate; copulative.
Copulated	of Copulate
Copulating	of Copulate
Copulate	To unite in sexual intercourse; to come together in the act of generation.
Copulation	The act of coupling or joining; union; conjunction.
Copulation	The coming together of male and female in the act of generation; sexual union; coition.
Copulative	Serving to couple, unite, or connect; as, a copulative conjunction like "and".
Copulative	Connection.
Copulative	A copulative conjunction.
Copulatively	In a copulative manner.
Coplatry	Pertaining to copulation; tending or serving to unite; copulative.
Coplatry	Used in sexual union; as, the copulatory organs of insects.
Copies	of Copy
Copy	An abundance or plenty of anything.
Copy	An imitation, transcript, or reproduction of an original work; as, a copy of a letter, an engraving, a painting, or a statue.
Copy	An individual book, or a single set of books containing the works of an author; as, a copy of the Bible; a copy of the works of Addison.
Copy	That which is to be imitated, transcribed, or reproduced; a pattern, model, or example; as, his virtues are an excellent copy for imitation.
Copy	Manuscript or printed matter to be set up in type; as, the printers are calling for more copy.
Copy	A writing paper of a particular size. Same as Bastard. See under Paper.
Copy	Copyhold; tenure; lease.
Copied	of Copy
Copying	of Copy
Copy	To make a copy or copies of; to write; print, engrave, or paint after an original; to duplicate; to reproduce; to transcribe; as, to copy a manuscript, inscription, design, painting, etc.; -- often with out, sometimes with off.
Copy	To imitate; to attempt to resemble, as in manners or course of life.
Copy	To make a copy or copies; to imitate.
Copy	To yield a duplicate or transcript; as, the letter did not copy well.
Copyer	See Copier.
Copygraph	A contrivance for producing manifold copies of a writing or drawing.
Copyhold	A tenure of estate by copy of court roll; or a tenure for which the tenant has nothing to show, except the rolls made by the steward of the lord's court.
Copyhold	Land held in copyhold.
Copyholder	One possessed of land in copyhold.
Copyholder	A device for holding copy for a compositor.
Copyholder	One who reads copy to a proof reader.
Copying	From Copy, v.
Copyist	A copier; a transcriber; an imitator; a plagiarist.
Copyright	The right of an author or his assignee, under statute, to print and publish his literary or artistic work, exclusively of all other persons. This right may be had in maps, charts, engravings, plays, and musical compositions, as well as in books.
Copyright	To secure a copyright on.
Coquelicot	The wild poppy, or red corn rose.
Coquelicot	The color of the wild poppy; a color nearly red, like orange mixed with scarlet.
Coquetted	of Coquet
Coquetting	of Coquet
Coquet	To attempt to attract the notice, admiration, or love of; to treat with a show of tenderness or regard, with a view to deceive and disappoint.
Coquet	To trifle in love; to stimulate affection or interest; to play the coquette; to deal playfully instead of seriously; to play (with); as, we have coquetted with political crime.
Coquetries	of Coquetry
Coquetry	Attempts to attract admiration, notice, or love, for the mere gratification of vanity; trifling in love.
Coquette	A vain, trifling woman, who endeavors to attract admiration from a desire to gratify vanity; a flirt; -- formerly sometimes applied also to men.
Coquette	A tropical humming bird of the genus Lophornis, with very elegant neck plumes. Several species are known. See Illustration under Spangle, v. t.
Coquettish	Practicing or exhibiting coquetry; alluring; enticing.
Coquettishly	In a coquettish manner.
Coquilla nut	The fruit of a Brazilian tree (Attalea funifera of Martius.).
Coquimbite	A mineral consisting principally of sulphate of iron; white copperas; -- so called because found in the province of Coquimbo, Chili.
Coquina	A soft, whitish, coral-like stone, formed of broken shells and corals, found in the southern United States, and used for roadbeds and for building material, as in the fort at St. Augustine, Florida.
Cor-	A prefix signifying with, together, etc. See Com-.
Cor	A Hebrew measure of capacity; a homer.
Cora	The Arabian gazelle (Gazella Arabica), found from persia to North Africa.
Coracle	A boat made by covering a wicker frame with leather or oilcloth. It was used by the ancient Britons, and is still used by fisherman in Wales and some parts of Ireland. Also, a similar boat used in Thibet and in Egypt.
Coracoid	Shaped like a crow's beak.
Coracoid	Pertaining to a bone of the shoulder girdle in most birds, reptiles, and amphibians, which is reduced to a process of the scapula in most mammals.
Coracoid	The coracoid bone or process.
Corage	See Courage
Coral	The hard parts or skeleton of various Anthozoa, and of a few Hydrozoa. Similar structures are also formed by some Bryozoa.
Coral	The ovaries of a cooked lobster; -- so called from their color.
Coral	A piece of coral, usually fitted with small bells and other appurtenances, used by children as a plaything.
Coraled	Having coral; covered with coral.
Coral fish	Any bright-colored fish of the genera Chaetodon, Pomacentrus, Apogon, and related genera, which live among reef corals.
Corallaceous	Like coral, or partaking of its qualities.
Corallian	A deposit of coralliferous limestone forming a portion of the middle division of the oolite; -- called also coral-rag.
Coralliferous	Containing or producing coral.
Coralliform	resembling coral in form.
Coralligena	Same as Anthozoa.
Coralligenous	producing coral; coralligerous; coralliferous.
Coralligerous	Producing coral; coralliferous.
Corallin	A yellow coal-tar dyestuff which probably consists chiefly of rosolic acid. See Aurin, and Rosolic acid under Rosolic.
Coralline	Composed of corallines; as, coralline limestone.
Coralline	A submarine, semicalcareous or calcareous plant, consisting of many jointed branches.
Coralline	Formerly any slender coral-like animal; -- sometimes applied more particulary to bryozoan corals.
Corallinite	A fossil coralline.
Corallite	A mineral substance or petrifaction, in the form of coral.
Corallite	One of the individual members of a compound coral; or that part formed by a single coral animal.
Coralloid	Having the form of coral; branching like coral.
Coralloidal	resembling coral; coralloid.
Corallum	The coral or skeleton of a zoophyte, whether calcareous of horny, simple or compound. See Coral.
Coral-rag	Same as Corallian.
Coralwort	A cruciferous herb of certain species of Dentaria; -- called also toothwort, tooth violet, or pepper root.
Coranach	A lamentation for the dead; a dirge.
Corant	Alt. of Coranto
Coranto	A sprightly but somewhat stately dance, now out of fashion.
Corb	A basket used in coal mines, etc. see Corf.
Corb	An ornament in a building; a corbel.
Corban	An offering of any kind, devoted to God and therefore not to be appropriated to any other use; esp., an offering in fulfillment of a vow.
Corban	An alms basket; a vessel to receive gifts of charity; a treasury of the church, where offerings are deposited.
Corbe	Crooked.
Corbell	A sculptured basket of flowers; a corbel.
Corbell	Small gabions.
Corbel	A bracket supporting a superincumbent object, or receiving the spring of an arch. Corbels were employed largely in Gothic architecture.
Corbel	To furnish with a corbel or corbels; to support by a corbel; to make in the form of a corbel.
Corbel-table	A horizontal row of corbels, with the panels or filling between them; also, less properly used to include the stringcourse on them.
Corbies	of Corby
Corbie	Alt. of Corby
Corby	The raven.
Corby	A raven, crow, or chough, used as a charge.
Corbiestep	One of the steps in which a gable wall is often finished in place of a continuous slope; -- also called crowstep.
Corchorus	The common name of the Kerria Japonica or Japan globeflower, a yellow-flowered, perennial, rosaceous plant, seen in old-fashioned gardens.
Corcle	Alt. of Corcule
Corcule	The heart of the seed; the embryo or germ.
Cord	A string, or small rope, composed of several strands twisted together.
Cord	A solid measure, equivalent to 128 cubic feet; a pile of wood, or other coarse material, eight feet long, four feet high, and four feet broad; -- originally measured with a cord or line.
Cord	Fig.: Any moral influence by which persons are caught, held, or drawn, as if by a cord; an enticement; as, the cords of the wicked; the cords of sin; the cords of vanity.
Cord	Any structure having the appearance of a cord, esp. a tendon or a nerve. See under Spermatic, Spinal, Umbilical, Vocal.
Cord	See Chord.
Corded	of Cord
Cording	of Cord
Cord	To bind with a cord; to fasten with cords; to connect with cords; to ornament or finish with a cord or cords, as a garment.
Cord	To arrange (wood, etc.) in a pile for measurement by the cord.
Cordage	Ropes or cords, collectively; hence, anything made of rope or cord, as those parts of the rigging of a ship which consist of ropes.
Cordal	Same as Cordelle.
Cordate	Heart-shaped; as, a cordate leaf.
Cordately	In a cordate form.
Corded	Bound or fastened with cords.
Corded	Piled in a form for measurement by the cord.
Corded	Made of cords.
Corded	Striped or ribbed with cords; as, cloth with a corded surface.
Corded	Bound about, or wound, with cords.
Cordelier	A Franciscan; -- so called in France from the girdle of knotted cord worn by all Franciscans.
Cordelier	A member of a French political club of the time of the first Revolution, of which Danton and Marat were members, and which met in an old Cordelier convent in Paris.
Cordeling	Twisting.
Cordelle	A twisted cord; a tassel.
Cordial	Proceeding from the heart.
Cordial	Hearty; sincere; warm; affectionate.
Cordial	Tending to revive, cheer, or invigorate; giving strength or spirits.
Cordial	Anything that comforts, gladdens, and exhilarates.
Cordial	Any invigorating and stimulating preparation; as, a peppermint cordial.
Cordial	Aromatized and sweetened spirit, used as a beverage; a liqueur.
Cordialities	of Cordiality
Cordiality	Relation to the heart.
Cordiality	Sincere affection and kindness; warmth of regard; heartiness.
Cordialize	To make into a cordial.
Cordialize	To render cordial; to reconcile.
Cordialize	To grow cordial; to feel or express cordiality.
Cordially	In a cordial manner.
Cordialness	Cordiality.
Cordierite	See Iolite.
Cordoform	Heart-shaped.
Cordillera	A mountain ridge or chain.
Cordiner	A cordwainer.
Cordon	A cord or ribbon bestowed or borne as a badge of honor; a broad ribbon, usually worn after the manner of a baldric, constituting a mark of a very high grade in an honorary order. Cf. Grand cordon.
Cordon	The cord worn by a Franciscan friar.
Cordon	The coping of the scarp wall, which projects beyong the face of the wall a few inches.
Cordon	A line or series of sentinels, or of military posts, inclosing or guarding any place or thing.
Cordon	A rich and ornamental lace or string, used to secure a mantle in some costumes of state.
Cordonnet	Doubled and twisted thread, made of coarse silk, and used for tassels, fringes, etc.
Cordovan	Same as Cordwain.  In England the name is applied to leather made from horsehide.
Corduroy	A sort of cotton velveteen, having the surface raised in ridges.
Corduroy	Trousers or breeches of corduroy.
Corduroy	To form of logs laid side by side.
Cordwain	A term used in the Middle Ages for Spanish leather (goatskin tanned and dressed), and hence, any leather handsomely finished, colored, gilded, or the like.
Cordwainer	A worker in cordwain, or cordovan leather; a shoemaker.
Core	A body of individuals; an assemblage.
Core	A miner's underground working time or shift.
Core	A Hebrew dry measure; a cor or homer.
Core	The heart or inner part of a thing, as of a column, wall, rope, of a boil, etc.; especially, the central part of fruit, containing the kernels or seeds; as, the core of an apple or quince.
Core	The center or inner part, as of an open space; as, the core of a square.
Core	The most important part of a thing; the essence; as, the core of a subject.
Core	The prtion of a mold which shapes the interior of a cylinder, tube, or other hollow casting, or which makes a hole in or through a casting; a part of the mold, made separate from and inserted in it, for shaping some part of the casting, the form of which is not determined by that of the pattern.
Core	A disorder of sheep occasioned by worms in the liver.
Core	The bony process which forms the central axis of the horns in many animals.
Cord	of Core
Coring	of Core
Core	To take out the core or inward parts of; as, to core an apple.
Core	To form by means of a core, as a hole in a casting.
Co-regent	A joint regent or ruler.
Co-relation	Corresponding relation.
Co-religionist	One of the same religion with another.
Coreopsis	A genus of herbaceous composite plants, having the achenes two-horned and remotely resembling some insect; tickseed. C. tinctoria, of the Western plains, the commonest plant of the genus, has been used in dyeing.
Corer	That which cores; an instrument for coring fruit; as, an apple corer.
Co-respondent	One who is called upon to answer a summons or other proceeding jointly with another.
Corves	of Corf
Corf	A basket.
Corf	A large basket used in carrying or hoisting coal or ore.
Corf	A wooden frame, sled, or low-wheeled wagon, to convey coal or ore in the mines.
Corfiote	Alt. of Corfute
Corfute	A native or inhabitant of Corfu, an island in the Mediterranean Sea.
Coriaceous	Consisting of or resembling, leather; leatherlike; tough.
Coriaceous	Stiff, like leather or parchment.
Coriander	An umbelliferous plant, the Coriandrum sativum, the fruit or seeds of which have a strong smell and a spicy taste, and in medicine are considered as stomachic and carminative.
Coridine	A colorless or yellowish oil, C10H15N, of a leathery odor, occuring in coal tar, Dippel's oil, tobacco smoke, etc., regarded as an organic base, homologous with pyridine. Also, one of a series of metameric compounds of which coridine is a type.
Corindon	See Corrundum.
Corinne	The common gazelle (Gazella dorcas). See Gazelle.
Corinth	A city of Greece, famed for its luxury and extravagance.
Corinth	A small fruit; a currant.
Corinthiac	Pertaining to Corinth.
Corinthian	Of or relating to Corinth.
Corinthian	Of or pertaining to the Corinthian order of architecture, invented by the Greeks, but more commonly used by the Romans.
Corinthian	Debauched in character or practice; impure.
Corinthian	Of or pertaining to an amateur sailor or yachtsman; as, a corinthian race (one in which the contesting yachts must be manned by amateurs.)
Corinthian	A native or inhabitant of Corinth.
Corinthian	A gay, licentious person.
Corium	Armor made of leather, particularly that used by the Romans; used also by Enlish soldiers till the reign of Edward I.
Corium	Same as Dermis.
Corium	The deep layer of mucous membranes beneath the epithelium.
Corival	A rival; a corrival.
Corival	To rival; to pretend to equal.
Corivalry	Alt. of Corivalship
Corivalship	Joint rivalry.
Cork	The outer layer of the bark of the cork tree (Quercus Suber), of which stoppers for bottles and casks are made. See Cutose.
Cork	A stopper for a bottle or cask, cut out of cork.
Cork	A mass of tabular cells formed in any kind of bark, in greater or less abundance.
Corked	of Cork
Corking	of Cork
Cork	To stop with a cork, as a bottle.
Cork	To furnish or fit with cork; to raise on cork.
Corkage	The charge made by innkeepers for drawing the cork and taking care of bottles of wine bought elsewhere by a guest.
Corked	having acquired an unpleasant taste from the cork; as, a bottle of wine is corked.
Cork fossil	A variety of amianthus which is very light, like cork.
Corkiness	The quality of being corky.
Corking pin	A pin of a large size, formerly used attaching a woman's headdress to a cork mold.
Corkscrew	An instrument with a screw or a steel spiral for drawing corks from bottles.
Corkscrew	To press forward in a winding way; as, to corkscrew one's way through a crowd.
Corkwing	A fish; the goldsinny.
Corky	Consisting of, or like, cork; dry shriveled up.
Corky	Tasting of cork.
Corm	A solid bulb-shaped root, as of the crocus. See Bulb.
Corm	Same as Cormus, 2.
Cormogeny	The embryological history of groups or families of individuals.
Cormophylogeny	The phylogeny of groups or families of individuals.
Cormophytes	Alt. of Cormophyta
Cormophyta	A term proposed by Endlicher to include all plants with an axis containing vascular tissue and with foliage.
Cormorant	Any species of Phalacrocorax, a genus of sea birds having a sac under the beak; the shag. Cormorants devour fish voraciously, and have become the emblem of gluttony. They are generally black, and hence are called sea ravens, and coalgeese.
Cormorant	A voracious eater; a glutton, or gluttonous servant.
Cormoraut	Ravenous; voracious.
Cormus	See Corm.
Cormus	A vegetable or animal made up of a number of individuals, such as, for example, would be formed by a process of budding from a parent stalk wherre the buds remain attached.
Corn	A thickening of the epidermis at some point, esp. on the toes, by friction or pressure. It is usually painful and troublesome.
Corn	A single seed of certain plants, as wheat, rye, barley, and maize; a grain.
Corn	The various farinaceous grains of the cereal grasses used for food, as wheat, rye, barley, maize, oats.
Corn	The plants which produce corn, when growing in the field; the stalks and ears, or the stalks, ears, and seeds, after reaping and before thrashing.
Corn	A small, hard particle; a grain.
Corned	of Corn
Corning	of Corn
Corn	To preserve and season with salt in grains; to sprinkle with salt; to cure by salting; now, specifically, to salt slightly in brine or otherwise; as, to corn beef; to corn a tongue.
Corn	To form into small grains; to granulate; as, to corn gunpowder.
Corn	To feed with corn or (in Sctland) oats; as, to corn horses.
Corn	To render intoxicated; as, ale strong enough to corn one.
Cornage	Anancient tenure of land, which obliged the tenant to give notice of an invasion by blowing a horn.
Cornamute	A cornemuse.
Cornbind	A weed that binds stalks of corn, as Convolvulus arvensis, Polygonum Convolvulus.
Corncob	The cob or axis on which the kernels of Indian corn grow.
Corncrake	A bird (Crex crex or C. pratensis) which frequents grain fields; the European crake or land rail; -- called also corn bird.
Corncrib	A crib for storing corn.
Corncutter	A machine for cutting up stalks of corn for food of cattle.
Corncutter	An implement consisting of a long blade, attached to a handle at nearly a right angle, used for cutting down the stalks of Indian corn.
Corndodger	A cake made of the meal of Indian corn, wrapped in a covering of husks or paper, and baked under the embers.
Corneas	of Cornea
Cornea	The transparent part of the coat of the eyeball which covers the iris and pupil and admits light to the interior. See Eye.
Corneal	Pertaining to the cornea.
Cornel	The cornelian cherry (Cornus Mas), a European shrub with clusters of small, greenish flowers, followed by very acid but edible drupes resembling cherries.
Cornel	Any species of the genus Cornus, as C. florida, the flowering cornel; C. stolonifera, the osier cornel; C. Canadensis, the dwarf cornel, or bunchberry.
Cornelian	Same as Carnelian.
Cornemuse	A wind instrument nearly identical with the bagpipe.
Corneocalcareous	Formed of a mixture of horny and calcareous materials, as some shells and corals.
Corneocalcareous	Horny on one side and calcareous on the other.
Corneouss	Of a texture resembling horn; horny; hard.
Corner	The point where two converging lines meet; an angle, either external or internal.
Corner	The space in the angle between converging lines or walls which meet in a point; as, the chimney corner.
Corner	An edge or extremity; the part farthest from the center; hence, any quarter or part.
Corner	A secret or secluded place; a remote or out of the way place; a nook.
Corner	Direction; quarter.
Corner	The state of things produced by a combination of persons, who buy up the whole or the available part of any stock or species of property, which compels those who need such stock or property to buy of them at their own price; as, a corner in a railway stock.
Cornered	of Corner
Cornering	of Corner
Corner	To drive into a corner.
Corner	To drive into a position of great difficulty or hopeless embarrassment; as, to corner a person in argument.
Corner	To get command of (a stock, commodity, etc.), so as to be able to put one's own price on it; as, to corner the shares of a railroad stock; to corner petroleum.
Cornercap	The chief ornament.
Cornered	1 Having corners or angles.
Cornered	In a possition of great difficulty; brought to bay.
Cornerwise	With the corner in front; diagonally; not square.
Cornet	An obsolete rude reed instrument (Ger. Zinken), of the oboe family.
Cornet	A brass instrument, with cupped mouthpiece, and furnished with valves or pistons, now used in bands, and, in place of the trumpet, in orchestras. See Cornet-a-piston.
Cornet	A certain organ stop or register.
Cornet	A cap of paper twisted at the end, used by retailers to inclose small wares.
Cornet	A troop of cavalry; -- so called from its being accompanied by a cornet player.
Cornet	The standard of such a troop.
Cornet	The lowest grade of commissioned officer in a British cavalry troop, who carried the standard. The office was abolished in 1871.
Cornet	A headdress
Cornet	A square cap anciently worn as a mark of certain professions.
Cornet	A part of a woman's headdress, in the 16th century.
Cornet	See Coronet, 2.
Cornets-a-piston	of Cornet-a-piston
Cornet-a-piston	A brass wind instrument, like the trumpet, furnished with valves moved by small pistons or sliding rods; a cornopean; a cornet.
Cornetcy	The commission or rank of a cornet.
Corneter	One who blows a cornet.
Corneule	One of the corneas of a compound eye in the invertebrates.
Cornfield	A field where corn is or has been growing; -- in England, a field of wheat, rye, barley, or oats; in America, a field of Indian corn.
Cornfloor	A thrashing floor.
Cornflower	A conspicuous wild flower (Centaurea Cyanus), growing in grainfields.
Cornic	Pertaining to, derived from, or resembling, the dogwood (Cornus florida).
Cornice	Any horizontal, molded or otherwise decorated projection which crowns or finishes the part to which it is affixed; as, the cornice of an order, pedestal, door, window, or house.
Corniced	Having a cornice.
Cornicle	A little horn.
Cornicular	A secretary or clerk.
Cor/niculate	Horned; having horns.
Cor/niculate	Having processes resembling small horns.
Cornicula	of Corniculum
Corniculum	A small hornlike part or process.
Corniferous	Of or pertaining to the lowest period of the Devonian age. (See the Diagram, under Geology.) The Corniferous period has been so called from the numerous seams of hornstone which characterize the later part of the period, as developed in the State of New York.
Cornific	Producing horns; forming horn.
Cornification	Conversion into, or formation of, horn; a becoming like horn.
Cornified	Converted into horn; horny.
Corniform	Having the shape of a horn; horn-shaped.
Cornigerous	Horned; having horns; as, cornigerous animals.
Cornin	A bitter principle obtained from dogwood (Cornus florida), as a white crystalline substance; -- called also cornic acid.
Cornin	An extract from dogwood used as a febrifuge.
Corniplume	A hornlike tuft of feathers on the head of some birds.
Cornish	Of or pertaining to Cornwall, in England.
Cornish	The dialect, or the people, of Cornwall.
Cornist	A performer on the cornet or horn.
Cornloft	A loft for corn; a granary.
Cornmuse	A cornemuse.
Corni (-n/) di basseto	di basseto</B> (<I>pl. </I>) of Corno di bassetto
Corno di bassetto	A tenor clarinet; -- called also basset horn, and sometimes confounded with the English horn, which is a tenor oboe.
Corni Inglesi	of Corno Inglese
Corno Inglese	A reed instrument, related to the oboe, but deeper in pitch; the English horn.
Cornopean	An obsolete name for the cornet-a-piston.
Cornsheller	A machine that separates the kernels of corn from the cob.
Cornshuck	The husk covering an ear of Indian corn.
Cornstalk	A stalk of Indian corn.
Cornstarch	Starch made from Indian corn, esp. a fine white flour used for puddings, etc.
Cornua	of Cornu
Cornu	A horn, or anything shaped like or resembling a horn.
Cornua Ammonis	of Cornu Ammonis
Cornu Ammonis	A fossil shell, curved like a ram's horn; an obsolete name for an ammonite.
Cornucopias	of Cornucopia
Cornucopia	The horn of plenty, from which fruits and flowers are represented as issuing. It is an emblem of abundance.
Cornucopia	A genus of grasses bearing spikes of flowers resembling the cornucopia in form.
Cornute	Alt. of Cornuted
Cornuted	Bearing horns; horned; horn-shaped.
Cornuted	Cuckolded.
Cornute	To bestow horns upon; to make a cuckold of; to cuckold.
Cornuto	A man that wears the horns; a cuckold.
Cornutor	A cuckold maker.
Corny	Strong, stiff, or hard, like a horn; resembling horn.
Corny	Producing corn or grain; furnished with grains of corn.
Corny	Containing corn; tasting well of malt.
Corny	Tipsy.
Corocore	A kind of boat of various forms, used in the Indian Archipelago.
Corody	An allowance of meat, drink, or clothing due from an abbey or other religious house for the sustenance of such of the king's servants as he may designate to receive it.
Corol	A corolla.
Corolla	The inner envelope of a flower; the part which surrounds the organs of fructification, consisting of one or more leaves, called petals. It is usually distinguished from the calyx by the fineness of its texture and the gayness of its colors. See the Note under Blossom.
Corollaceous	Pertaining to, or resembling, a corolla; having the form or texture of a corolla.
Corollaries	of Corollary
Corollary	That which is given beyond what is actually due, as a garland of flowers in addition to wages; surplus; something added or superfluous.
Corollary	Something which follows from the demonstration of a proposition; an additional inference or deduction from a demonstrated proposition; a consequence.
Corollate	Alt. of Corollated
Corollated	Having a corolla or corollas; like a corolla.
Corollet	A floret in an aggregate flower.
Corollifloral	Alt. of Corolliflorous
Corolliflorous	Having the stamens borne on the petals, and the latter free from the calyx. Compare Calycifloral and Thalamifloral.
Corolline	Of or pertaining to a corolla.
Coromandel	The west coast, or a portion of the west coast, of the Bay of Bengal.
Coronae	of Corona
Coronas	of Corona
Corona	A crown or garland bestowed among the Romans as a reward for distinguished services.
Corona	The projecting part of a Classic cornice, the under side of which is cut with a recess or channel so as to form a drip. See Illust. of Column.
Corona	The upper surface of some part, as of a tooth or the skull; a crown.
Corona	The shelly skeleton of a sea urchin.
Corona	A peculiar luminous appearance, or aureola, which surrounds the sun, and which is seen only when the sun is totally eclipsed by the moon.
Corona	An inner appendage to a petal or a corolla, often forming a special cup, as in the daffodil and jonquil.
Corona	Any crownlike appendage at the top of an organ.
Corona	A circle, usually colored, seen in peculiar states of the atmosphere around and close to a luminous body, as the sun or moon.
Corona	A peculiar phase of the aurora borealis, formed by the concentration or convergence of luminous beams around the point in the heavens indicated by the direction of the dipping needle.
Corona	A crown or circlet suspended from the roof or vaulting of churches, to hold tapers lighted on solemn occasions. It is sometimes formed of double or triple circlets, arranged pyramidically. Called also corona lucis.
Corona	A character [/]  called the pause or hold.
Coronach	See Coranach.
Coronal	Of or pertaining to a corona (in any of the senses).
Coronal	Of or pertaining to a king's crown, or coronation.
Coronal	Of or pertaining to the top of the head or skull.
Coronal	Of or pertaining to the shell of a sea urchin.
Coronal	A crown; wreath; garland.
Coronal	The frontal bone, over which the ancients wore their coronae or garlands.
Coronamen	The upper margin of a hoof; a coronet.
Coronary	Of or pertaining to a crown; forming, or adapted to form, a crown or garland.
Coronary	Resembling, or situated like, a crown or circlet; as, the coronary arteries and veins of the heart.
Coronary	A small bone in the foot of a horse.
Coronary	Informal shortening of coronary thrombosis, also used generally to mean heart attack.
Coronate	Alt. of Coronated
Coronated	Having or wearing a crown.
Coronated	Having the coronal feathers lengthened or otherwise distinguished; -- said of birds.
Coronated	Girt about the spire with a row of tubercles or spines; -- said of spiral shells.
Coronated	Having a crest or a crownlike appendage.
Coronation	The act or solemnity of crowning a sovereign; the act of investing a prince with the insignia of royalty, on his succeeding to the sovereignty.
Coronation	The pomp or assembly at a coronation.
Coronel	A colonel.
Coronel	The iron head of a tilting spear, divided into two, three, or four blunt points.
Coroner	An officer of the peace whose principal duty is to inquire, with the help of a jury, into the cause of any violent, sudden or mysterious death, or death in prison, usually on sight of the body and at the place where the death occurred.
Coronet	An ornamental or honorary headdress, having the shape and character of a crown; particularly, a crown worn as the mark of high rank lower than sovereignty. The word is used by Shakespeare to denote also a kingly crown.
Coronet	The upper part of a horse's hoof, where the horn terminates in skin.
Coronet	The iron head of a tilting spear; a coronel.
Coroneted	Wearing, or entitled to wear, a coronet; of noble birth or rank.
Coroniform	Having the form of a crown or coronet; resembling a crown.
Coronilla	A genus of plants related to the clover, having their flowers arranged in little heads or tufts resembling coronets.
Coronis	In Greek grammar, a sign ['] sometimes placed over a contracted syllable.
Coronis	The curved line or flourish at the end of a book or chapter; hence, the end.
Coronoid	Resembling the beak of a crow; as, the coronoid process of the jaw, or of the ulna.
Coronule	A coronet or little crown of a seed; the downy tuft on seeds. See Pappus.
Coroun	Crown.
Corozo	Alt. of Corosso
Corosso	The name in Central America for the seed of a true palm; also, a commercial name for the true ivory nut. See Ivory nut.
Corporace	See Corporas.
Corporal	A noncommissioned officer, next below a sergeant. In the United States army he is the lowest noncommissioned officer in a company of infantry. He places and relieves sentinels.
Corporal	Belonging or relating to the body; bodily.
Corporal	Having a body or substance; not spiritual; material. In this sense now usually written corporeal.
Corporal	Alt. of Corporale
Corporale	A fine linen cloth, on which the sacred elements are consecrated in the eucharist, or with which they are covered; a communion cloth.
Corporalities	of Corporality
Corporality	The state of being or having a body; bodily existence; corporeality; -- opposed to spirituality.
Corporality	A confraternity; a guild.
Corporally	In or with the body; bodily; as, to be corporally present.
Corporalship	A corporal's office.
Corporas	The corporal, or communion cloth.
Corporate	Formed into a body by legal enactment; united in an association, and endowed by law with the rights and liabilities of an individual; incorporated; as, a corporate town.
Corporate	Belonging to a corporation or incorporated body.
Corporate	United; general; collectively one.
Corporate	To incorporate.
Corporate	To become incorporated.
Corporately	In a corporate capacity; acting as a corporate body.
Corporately	In, or as regarda, the body.
Corporation	A body politic or corporate, formed and authorized by law to act as a single person, and endowed by law with the capacity of succession; a society having the capacity of transacting business as an individual.
Corporator	A member of a corporation, esp. one of the original members.
Corporature	The state of being embodied; bodily existence.
Corporeal	Having a body; consisting of, or pertaining to, a material body or substance; material; -- opposed to spiritual or immaterial.
Corporealism	Materialism.
Corporealist	One who denies the reality of spiritual existences; a materialist.
Corporealities	of Corporeality
Corporeality	The state of being corporeal; corporeal existence.
Corporeally	In the body; in a bodily form or manner.
Corporealness	Corporeality; corporeity.
Corporeity	The state of having a body; the state of being corporeal; materiality.
Corporify	To embody; to form into a body.
Corposant	St. Elmo's fire. See under Saint.
Corps	The human body, whether living or dead.
Corps	A body of men; esp., an organized division of the military establishment; as, the marine corps; the corps of topographical engineers; specifically, an army corps.
Corps	A body or code of laws.
Corps	The land with which a prebend or other ecclesiastical office is endowed.
Corpse	A human body in general, whether living or dead; -- sometimes contemptuously.
Corpse	The dead body of a human being; -- used also Fig.
Corpulence	Alt. of Corpulency
Corpulency	Excessive fatness; fleshiness; obesity.
Corpulency	Thickness; density; compactness.
Corpulent	Very fat; obese.
Corpulent	Solid; gross; opaque.
Corpulently	In a corpulent manner.
Corpora	of Corpus
Corpus	A body, living or dead; the corporeal substance of a thing.
Corpora callosa	of Corpus
Corpora lutea	of Corpus
Corpora striata	of Corpus
Corpuscle	A minute particle; an atom; a molecule.
Corpuscle	A protoplasmic animal cell; esp., such as float free, like blood, lymph, and pus corpuscles; or such as are imbedded in an intercellular matrix, like connective tissue and cartilage corpuscles.  See Blood.
Corpuscular	Pertaining to, or composed of, corpuscles, or small particles.
Corpuscularian	Corpuscular.
Corpuscularian	An adherent of the corpuscular philosophy.
Corpuscule	A corpuscle.
Corpusculous	Corpuscular.
Corrade	To gnaw into; to wear away; to fret; to consume.
Corrade	To erode, as the bed of a stream. See Corrosion.
Corradial	Radiating to or from the same point.
Corradiate	To converge to one point or focus, as light or rays.
Corradiation	A conjunction or concentration of rays in one point.
Corral	A pen for animals; esp., an inclosure made with wagons, by emigrants in the vicinity of hostile Indians, as a place of security for horses, cattle, etc.
Corraled	of Corral
Corralling	of Corral
Corral	To surround and inclose; to coop up; to put into an inclosed space; -- primarily used with reference to securing horses and cattle in an inclosure of wagons while traversing the plains, but in the Southwestern United States now colloquially applied to the capturing, securing, or penning of anything.
Corrasion	The erosion of the bed of a stream by running water, principally by attrition of the detritus carried along by the stream, but also by the solvent action of the water.
Corrasive	Corrosive.
Correct	Set right, or made straight; hence, conformable to truth, rectitude, or propriety, or to a just standard; not faulty or imperfect; free from error; as, correct behavior; correct views.
Corrected	of Correct
Correcting	of Correct
Correct	To make right; to bring to the standard of truth, justice, or propriety; to rectify; as, to correct manners or principles.
Correct	To remove or retrench the faults or errors of; to amend; to set right; as, to correct the proof (that is, to mark upon the margin the changes to be made, or to make in the type the changes so marked).
Correct	To bring back, or attempt to bring back, to propriety in morals; to reprove or punish for faults or deviations from moral rectitude; to chastise; to discipline; as, a child should be corrected for lying.
Correct	To counteract the qualities of one thing by those of another; -- said of whatever is wrong or injurious; as, to correct the acidity of the stomach by alkaline preparations.
Correctible	Alt. of Correctable
Correctable	Capable of being corrected.
Correctify	To correct.
Correction	The act of correcting, or making that right which was wrong; change for the better; amendment; rectification, as of an erroneous statement.
Correction	The act of reproving or punishing, or that which is intended to rectify or to cure faults; punishment; discipline; chastisement.
Correction	That which is substituted in the place of what is wrong; an emendation; as, the corrections on a proof sheet should be set in the margin.
Correction	Abatement of noxious qualities; the counteraction of what is inconvenient or hurtful in its effects; as, the correction of acidity in the stomach.
Correction	An allowance made for inaccuracy in an instrument; as, chronometer correction; compass correction.
Correctional	Tending to, or intended for, correction; used for correction; as, a correctional institution.
Correctioner	One who is, or who has been, in the house of correction.
Corrective	Having the power to correct; tending to rectify; as, corrective penalties.
Corrective	Qualifying; limiting.
Corrective	That which has the power of correcting, altering, or counteracting what is wrong or injurious; as, alkalies are correctives of acids; penalties are correctives of immoral conduct.
Corrective	Limitation; restriction.
Correctly	In a correct manner; exactly; acurately; without fault or error.
Correctness	The state or quality of being correct; as, the correctness of opinions or of manners; correctness of taste; correctness in writing or speaking; the correctness of a text or copy.
Corrector	One who, or that which, corrects; as, a corrector of abuses; a corrector of the press; an alkali is a corrector of acids.
Correctory	Containing or making correction; corrective.
Correctress	A woman who corrects.
Corregidor	The chief magistrate of a Spanish town.
Correi	A hollow in the side of a hill, where game usually lies.
Correlatable	Such as can be correlated; as, correlatable phenomena.
Correlated	of Correlate
Correlating	of Correlate
Correlate	To have reciprocal or mutual relations; to be mutually related.
Correlate	To put in relation with each other; to connect together by the disclosure of a mutual relation; as, to correlate natural phenomena.
Correlate	One who, or that which, stands in a reciprocal relation to something else, as father to son; a correlative.
Correlation	Reciprocal relation; corresponding similarity or parallelism of relation or law; capacity of being converted into, or of giving place to, one another, under certain conditions; as, the correlation of forces, or of zymotic diseases.
Correlative	Having or indicating a reciprocal relation.
Correlative	One who, or that which, stands in a reciprocal relation, or is correlated, to some other person or thing.
Correlative	The antecedent of a pronoun.
Correlatively	In a correlative relation.
Correlativeness	Quality of being correlative.
Correligionist	A co-religion/ist.
Correption	Chiding; reproof; reproach.
Corresponded	of Correspond
Corresponding	of Correspond
Correspond	To be like something else in the dimensions and arrangement of its parts; -- followed by with or to; as, concurring figures correspond with each other throughout.
Correspond	To be adapted; to be congruous; to suit; to agree; to fit; to answer; -- followed by to.
Correspond	To have intercourse or communion; especially, to hold intercourse or to communicate by sending and receiving letters; -- followed by with.
Correspondence	Friendly intercourse; reciprocal exchange of civilities; especially, intercourse between persons by means of letters.
Correspondence	The letters which pass between correspondents.
Correspondence	Mutual adaptation, relation, or agreement, of one thing to another; agreement; congruity; fitness; relation.
Correspondencies	of Correspondency
Correspondency	Same as Correspondence, 3.
Correspondent	Suitable; adapted; fit; corresponding; congruous; conformable; in accord or agreement; obedient; willing.
Correspondent	One with whom intercourse is carried on by letter.
Correspondent	One who communicates information, etc., by letter or telegram to a newspaper or periodical.
Correspondent	One who carries on commercial intercourse by letter or telegram with a person or firm at a distance.
Correspondently	In a a corresponding manner; conformably; suitably.
Corresponding	Answering; conformable; agreeing; suiting; as, corresponding numbers.
Corresponding	Carrying on intercourse by letters.
Correspondingly	In a corresponding manner; conformably.
Corresponsive	Corresponding; conformable; adapted.
Corridor	A gallery or passageway leading to several apartments of a house.
Corridor	The covered way lying round the whole compass of the fortifications of a place.
Corrie	Same as Correi.
Corrigenda	of Corrigendum
Corrigendum	A fault or error to be corrected.
Corrigent	A substance added to a medicine to mollify or modify its action.
Corrigibility	Quality of being corrigible; capability of being corrected; corrigibleness.
Corrigible	Capable of being set right, amended, or reformed; as, a corrigible fault.
Corrigible	Submissive to correction; docile.
Corrigible	Deserving chastisement; punishable.
Corrigible	Having power to correct; corrective.
Corrigibleness	The state or quality of being corrigible; corrigibility.
Corrival	A fellow rival; a competitor; a rival; also, a companion.
Corrival	Having rivaling claims; emulous; in rivalry.
Corrival	To compete with; to rival.
Corrivalry	Corivalry.
Corrivalship	Corivalry.
Corrivate	To cause to flow together, as water drawn from several streams.
Corrivation	The flowing of different streams into one.
Corroborant	Strengthening; supporting; corroborating.
Corroborant	Anything which gives strength or support; a tonic.
Corroborated	of Corroborate
Corroborating	of Corroborate
Corroborate	To make strong, or to give additional strength to; to strengthen.
Corroborate	To make more certain; to confirm; to establish.
Corroborate	Corroborated.
Corroboration	The act of corroborating, strengthening, or confirming; addition of strength; confirmation; as, the corroboration of an argument, or of information.
Corroboration	That which corroborates.
Corroborative	Tending to strengthen of confirm.
Corroborative	A medicine that strengthens; a corroborant.
Corroboratory	Tending to strengthen; corroborative; as, corroboratory facts.
Corroded	of Corrode
Corroding	of Corrode
Corrode	To eat away by degrees; to wear away or diminish by gradually separating or destroying small particles of, as by action of a strong acid or a caustic alkali.
Corrode	To consume; to wear away; to prey upon; to impair.
Corrode	To have corrosive action; to be subject to corrosion.
Corrodent	Corrosive.
Corrodent	Anything that corrodes.
Corrodiate	To eat away by degrees; to corrode.
Corrodibility	The quality of being corrodible.
Corrodible	Capable of being corroded; corrosible.
Corrosibility	Corrodibility.
Corrosible	Corrodible.
Corrosibleness	The quality or state of being corrosible.
Corrosion	The action or effect of corrosive agents, or the process of corrosive change; as, the rusting of iron is a variety of corrosion.
Corrosive	Eating away; having the power of gradually wearing, changing, or destroying the texture or substance of a body; as, the corrosive action of an acid.
Corrosive	Having the quality of fretting or vexing.
Corrosive	That which has the quality of eating or wearing away gradually.
Corrosive	That which has the power of fretting or irritating.
Corroval	A dark brown substance of vegetable origin, allied to curare, and used by the natives of New Granada as an arrow poison.
Corrovaline	A poisonous alkaloid extracted from corroval, and characterized by its immediate action in paralyzing the heart.
Corrugant	Having the power of contracting into wrinkles.
Corrugate	Wrinkled; crumpled; furrowed; contracted into ridges and furrows.
Corrugated	of Corrugate
Corrugating	of Corrugate
Corrugate	To form or shape into wrinkles or folds, or alternate ridges and grooves, as by drawing, contraction, pressure, bending, or otherwise; to wrinkle; to purse up; as, to corrugate plates of iron; to corrugate the forehead.
Corrugation	The act corrugating; contraction into wrinkles or alternate ridges and grooves.
Corrugator	A muscle which contracts the skin of the forehead into wrinkles.
Corrugent	Drawing together; contracting; -- said of the corrugator.
Corrump	To corrupt. See Corrupt.
Corrumpable	Corruptible.
Corrupt	Changed from a sound to a putrid state; spoiled; tainted; vitiated; unsound.
Corrupt	Changed from a state of uprightness, correctness, truth, etc., to a worse state; vitiated; depraved; debased; perverted; as, corrupt language; corrupt judges.
Corrupt	Abounding in errors; not genuine or correct; as, the text of the manuscript is corrupt.
Corrupted	of Corrupt
Corrupting	of Corrupt
Corrupt	To change from a sound to a putrid or putrescent state; to make putrid; to putrefy.
Corrupt	To change from good to bad; to vitiate; to deprave; to pervert; to debase; to defile.
Corrupt	To draw aside from the path of rectitude and duty; as, to corrupt a judge by a bribe.
Corrupt	To debase or render impure by alterations or innovations; to falsify; as, to corrupt language; to corrupt the sacred text.
Corrupt	To waste, spoil, or consume; to make worthless.
Corrupt	To become putrid or tainted; to putrefy; to rot.
Corrupt	To become vitiated; to lose putity or goodness.
Corrupter	One who corrupts; one who vitiates or taints; as, a corrupter of morals.
Corruptful	Tending to corrupt; full of corruption.
Corruptibility	The quality of being corruptible; the possibility or liability of being corrupted; corruptibleness.
Corruptible	Capable of being made corrupt; subject to decay.
Corruptible	Capable of being corrupted, or morally vitiated; susceptible of depravation.
Corruptible	That which may decay and perish; the human body.
Corruptingly	In a manner that corrupts.
Corruption	The act of corrupting or making putrid, or state of being corrupt or putrid; decomposition or disorganization, in the process of putrefaction; putrefaction; deterioration.
Corruption	The product of corruption; putrid matter.
Corruption	The act of corrupting or of impairing integrity, virtue, or moral principle; the state of being corrupted or debased; loss of purity or integrity; depravity; wickedness; impurity; bribery.
Corruption	The act of changing, or of being changed, for the worse; departure from what is pure, simple, or correct; as, a corruption of style; corruption in language.
Corruptionist	One who corrupts, or who upholds corruption.
Corruptive	Having the quality of taining or vitiating; tending to produce corruption.
Corruptless	Not susceptible of corruption or decay; incorruptible.
Corruptly	In a corrupt manner; by means of corruption or corrupting influences; wrongfully.
Corruptness	The quality of being corrupt.
Corruptress	A woman who corrupts.
Corsac	The corsak.
Corsage	The waist or bodice of a lady's dress; as, a low corsage.
Corsage	a flower or small arrangement of flowers worn by a person as a personal ornament.  Typically worn by women on special occasions (as, at a ball or an anniversary celebration), a corsage may be worn pinned to the chest, or tied to the wrist. It is usually larger or more elaborate than a boutonniere.
Corsair	A pirate; one who cruises about without authorization from any government, to seize booty on sea or land.
Corsair	A piratical vessel.
Corsak	A small foxlike mammal (Cynalopex corsac), found in Central Asia.
Corse	A living body or its bulk.
Corse	A corpse; the dead body of a human being.
Corselet	Armor for the body, as, the body breastplate and backpiece taken together; -- also, used for the entire suit of the day, including breastplate and backpiece, tasset and headpiece.
Corselet	The thorax of an insect.
Corsepresent	An offering made to the church at the interment of a dead body.
Corset	In the Middle Ages, a gown or basque of which the body was close fitting, worn by both men and women.
Corset	An article of dress inclosing the chest and waist worn (chiefly by women) to support the body or to modify its shape; stays.
Corseted	of Corset
Corseting	of Corset
Corset	To inclose in corsets.
Corslet	A corselet.
Corsned	The morsel of execration; a species of ordeal consisting in the eating of a piece of bread consecrated by imprecation. If the suspected person ate it freely, he was pronounced innocent; but if it stuck in his throat, it was considered as a proof of his guilt.
Cortege	A train of attendants; a procession.
Cortes	The legislative assembly, composed of nobility, clergy, and representatives of cities, which in Spain and in Portugal answers, in some measure, to the Parliament of Great Britain.
Cortices	of Cortex
Cortex	Bark, as of a tree; hence, an outer covering.
Cortex	Bark; rind; specifically, cinchona bark.
Cortex	The outer or superficial part of an organ; as, the cortex or gray exterior substance of the brain.
Cortical	Belonging to, or consisting of, bark or rind; resembling bark or rind; external; outer; superficial; as, the cortical substance of the kidney.
Corticate	Alt. of Corticated
Corticated	Having a special outer covering of a nature unlike the interior part.
Corticifer	One of the Gorgoniacea; -- so called because the fleshy part surrounds a solid axis, like a bark.
Corticiferous	Producing bark or something that resembling that resembles bark.
Corticiferous	Having a barklike c/nenchyms.
Corticiform	Resembling, or having the form of, bark or rind.
Corticine	A material for carpeting or floor covering, made of ground cork and caoutchouc or India rubber.
Corticose	Abounding in bark; resembling bark; barky.
Corticous	Relating to, or resembling, bark; corticose.
Cortile	An open internal courtyard inclosed by the walls of a large dwelling house or other large and stately building.
Corundums	of Corundum
Corundum	The earth alumina, as found native in a crystalline state, including sapphire, which is the fine blue variety; the oriental ruby, or red sapphire; the oriental amethyst, or purple sapphire; and adamantine spar, the hair-brown variety. It is the hardest substance found native, next to the diamond.
Coruscant	Glittering in flashes; flashing.
Coruscate	To glitter in flashes; to flash.
Coruscation	A sudden flash or play of light.
Coruscation	A flash of intellectual brilliancy.
Corve	See Corf.
Corvee	An obligation to perform certain services, as the repair of roads, for the lord or sovereign.
Corven	p. p. of Carve.
Corvet	Alt. of Corvette
Corvette	A war vessel, ranking next below a frigate, and having usually only one tier of guns; -- called in the United States navy a sloop of war.
Corvetto	A curvet.
Corvine	Of or pertaining to the crow; crowlike.
Corvorant	See Cormorant.
Corybants	of Corybant
Corybantes	of Corybant
Corybant	One of the priests of Cybele in Phrygia. The rites of the Corybants were accompanied by wild music, dancing, etc.
Corybantiasm	A kind of frenzy in which the patient is tormented by fantastic visions and want of sleep.
Corybantic	Of, pertaining to, or resembling, the Corybantes or their rites; frantic; frenzied; as, a corybantic dance.
Corymb	A flat-topped or convex cluster of flowers, each on its own footstalk, and arising from different points of a common axis, the outermost blossoms expanding first, as in the hawthorn.
Corymb	Any flattish flower cluster, whatever be the order of blooming, or a similar shaped cluster of fruit.
Corymbed	Corymbose.
Corymbiferous	Bearing corymbs of flowers or fruit.
Corymbose	Consisting of corymbs, or resembling them in form.
Corymbosely	In corymbs.
Coryphaenoid	Belonging to, or like, the genus Coryphaena. See Dolphin.
Coryphee	A ballet dancer.
Coryphene	A fish of the genus Coryphaena. See Dolphin. (2)
Corypheuses	of Corypheus
Coryphei	of Corypheus
Corypheus	The conductor, chief, or leader of the dramatic chorus; hence, the chief or leader of a party or interest.
Coryphodon	A genus of extinct mammals from the eocene tertiary of Europe and America. Its species varied in size between the tapir and rhinoceros, and were allied to those animals, but had short, plantigrade, five-toed feet, like the elephant.
Coryphodont	Pertaining to, or resembling, the genus Coryphodon.
Coryza	Nasal catarrh.
Coscinomancy	Divination by means of a suspended sieve.
Coscoroba	A large, white, South American duck, of the genus Cascoroba, resembling a swan.
Cosecant	The secant of the complement of an arc or angle. See Illust. of Functions.
Cosen	See Cozen.
Cosenage	See Cozenage.
Cosening	Anything done deceitfully, and which could not be properly designated by any special name, whether belonging to contracts or not.
Cosentient	Perceiving together.
Cosey	See Cozy.
Cosher	To levy certain exactions or tribute upon; to lodge and eat at the expense of. See Coshering.
Cosher	To treat with hospitality; to pet.
Cosherer	One who coshers.
Coshering	A feudal prerogative of the lord of the soil entitling him to lodging and food at his tenant's house.
Cosier	A tailor who botches his work.
Cosignificative	Having the same signification.
Cosignitary	Signing some important public document with another or with others; as, a treaty violated by one of the cosignitary powers.
Cosignitaries	of Cosignitary
Cosignitary	One who signs a treaty or public document along with others or another; as, the cosignitaries of the treaty of Berlin.
Cosily	See Cozily.
Cosinage	Collateral relationship or kindred by blood; consanguinity.
Cosinage	A writ to recover possession of an estate in lands, when a stranger has entered, after the death of the grandfather's grandfather, or other distant collateral relation.
Cosine	The sine of the complement of an arc or angle. See Illust. of Functions.
Cosmetic	Alt. of Cosmetical
Cosmetical	Imparting or improving beauty, particularly the beauty of the complexion; as, a cosmetical preparation.
Cosmetic	Any external application intended to beautify and improve the complexion.
Cosmic	Alt. of Cosmical
Cosmical	Pertaining to the universe, and having special reference to universal law or order, or to the one grand harmonious system of things; hence; harmonious; orderly.
Cosmical	Pertaining to the solar system as a whole, and not to the earth alone.
Cosmical	Characteristic of the cosmos or universe; inconceivably great; vast; as, cosmic speed.
Cosmical	Rising or setting with the sun; -- the opposite of acronycal.
Cosmically	With the sun at rising or setting; as, a star is said to rise or set cosmically when it rises or sets with the sun.
Cosmically	Universally.
Cosmogonal	Alt. of Cosmogonical
Cosmogonic	Alt. of Cosmogonical
Cosmogonical	Belonging to cosmogony.
Cosmogonist	One who treats of the origin of the universe; one versed in cosmogony.
Cosmogonies	of Cosmogony
Cosmogony	The creation of the world or universe; a theory or account of such creation; as, the poetical cosmogony of Hesoid; the cosmogonies of Thales, Anaxagoras, and Plato.
Cosmographer	One who describes the world or universe, including the heavens and the earth.
Cosmographic	Alt. of Cosmographical
Cosmographical	Of or pertaining to cosmography.
Cosmographically	In a cosmographic manner; in accordance with cosmography.
Cosmographies	of Cosmography
Cosmography	A description of the world or of the universe; or the science which teaches the constitution of the whole system of worlds, or the figure, disposition, and relation of all its parts.
Cosmolabe	An instrument resembling the astrolabe, formerly used for measuring the angles between heavenly bodies; -- called also pantacosm.
Cosmolatry	Worship paid to the world.
Cosmoline	A substance obtained from the residues of the distillation of petroleum, essentially the same as vaseline, but of somewhat stiffer consistency, and consisting of a mixture of the higher paraffines; a kind of petroleum jelly.
Cosmological	Of or pertaining to cosmology.
Cosmologist	One who describes the universe; one skilled in cosmology.
Cosmology	The science of the world or universe; or a treatise relating to the structure and parts of the system of creation, the elements of bodies, the modifications of material things, the laws of motion, and the order and course of nature.
Cosmometry	The art of measuring the world or the universe.
Cosmoplastic	Pertaining to a plastic force as operative in the formation of the world independently of God; world-forming.
Cosmopolitan	Alt. of Cosmopolite
Cosmopolite	One who has no fixed residence, or who is at home in every place; a citizen of the world.
Cosmopolitan	Alt. of Cosmopolite
Cosmopolite	Having no fixed residence; at home in any place; free from local attachments or prejudices; not provincial; liberal.
Cosmopolite	Common everywhere; widely spread; found in all parts of the world.
Cosmopolitanism	The quality of being cosmopolitan; cosmopolitism.
Cosmopolite	See Cosmopolitan.
Cosmopolitical	Having the character of a cosmopolite.
Cosmopolitism	The condition or character of a cosmopolite; disregard of national or local peculiarities and prejudices.
Cosmorama	An exhibition in which a series of views in various parts of the world is seen reflected by mirrors through a series of lenses, with such illumination, etc., as will make the views most closely represent reality.
Cosmoramic	Of or pertaining to a cosmorama.
Cosmos	The universe or universality of created things; -- so called from the order and harmony displayed in it.
Cosmos	The theory or description of the universe, as a system displaying order and harmony.
Cosmosphere	An apparatus for showing the position of the earth, at any given time, with respect to the fixed stars. It consist of a hollow glass globe, on which are depicted the stars and constellations, and within which is a terrestrial globe.
Cosmotheism	Same as Pantheism.
Cosmothetic	Assuming or positing the actual existence or reality of the physical or external world.
Cosovereign	A joint sovereign.
Coss	A Hindoo measure of distance, varying from one and a half to two English miles.
Coss	A thing (only in phrase below).
Cossack	One of a warlike, pastoral people, skillful as horsemen, inhabiting different parts of the Russian empire and furnishing valuable contingents of irregular cavalry to its armies, those of Little Russia and those of the Don forming the principal divisions.
Cossas	Plain India muslin, of various qualities and widths.
Cosset	A lamb reared without the aid of the dam. Hence: A pet, in general.
Cosset	To treat as a pet; to fondle.
Cossic	Alt. of Cossical
Cossical	Of or relating to algebra; as, cossic numbers, or the cossic art.
Cost	A rib; a side; a region or coast.
Cost	See Cottise.
Cost	of Cost
Costing	of Cost
Cost	To require to be given, expended, or laid out therefor, as in barter, purchase, acquisition, etc.; to cause the cost, expenditure, relinquishment, or loss of; as, the ticket cost a dollar; the effort cost his life.
Cost	To require to be borne or suffered; to cause.
Cost	The amount paid, charged, or engaged to be paid, for anything bought or taken in barter; charge; expense; hence, whatever, as labor, self-denial, suffering, etc., is requisite to secure benefit.
Cost	Loss of any kind; detriment; pain; suffering.
Cost	Expenses incurred in litigation.
Costa	A rib of an animal or a human being.
Costa	A rib or vein of a leaf, especially the midrib.
Costa	The anterior rib in the wing of an insect.
Costa	One of the riblike longitudinal ridges on the exterior of many corals.
Costage	Expense; cost.
Costal	Pertaining to the ribs or the sides of the body; as, costal nerves.
Costal	Relating to a costa, or rib.
Costal-nerved	Having the nerves spring from the midrib.
Costard	An apple, large and round like the head.
Costard	The head; -- used contemptuously.
Costardmonger	A costermonger.
Costate	Alt. of Costated
Costated	Having ribs, or the appearance of ribs; (Bot.) having one or more longitudinal ribs.
Costean	To search after lodes. See Costeaning.
Costeaning	The process by which miners seek to discover metallic lodes. It consist in sinking small pits through the superficial deposits to the solid rock, and then driving from one pit to another across the direction of the vein, in such manner as to cross all the veins between the two pits.
Costellate	Finely ribbed or costated.
Coster	One who hawks about fruit, green vegetables, fish, etc.
Costermonger	An apple seller; a hawker of, or dealer in, any kind of fruit or vegetables; a fruiterer.
Costiferous	Rib-bearing, as the dorsal vertebrae.
Costive	Retaining fecal matter in the bowels; having too slow a motion of the bowels; constipated.
Costive	Reserved; formal; close; cold.
Costive	Dry and hard; impermeable; unyielding.
Costively	In a costive manner.
Costiveness	An unnatural retention of the fecal matter of the bowels; constipation.
Costiveness	Inability to express one's self; stiffness.
Costless	Costing nothing.
Costlewe	Costly.
Costliness	The quality of being costy; expensiveness; sumptuousness.
Costly	Of great cost; expensive; dear.
Costly	Gorgeous; sumptuous.
Costmary	A garden plant (Chrysanthemum Balsamita) having a strong balsamic smell, and nearly allied to tansy. It is used as a pot herb and salad plant and in flavoring ale and beer. Called also alecost.
Costotome	An instrument (chisel or shears) to cut the ribs and open the thoracic cavity, in post-mortem examinations and dissections.
Costrel	A bottle of leather, earthenware, or wood, having ears by which it was suspended at the side.
Costume	Dress in general; esp., the distinctive style of dress of a people, class, or period.
Costume	Such an arrangement of accessories, as in a picture, statue, poem, or play, as is appropriate to the time, place, or other circumstances represented or described.
Costume	A character dress, used at fancy balls or for dramatic purposes.
Costumer	One who makes or deals in costumes, as for theaters, fancy balls, etc.
Co-sufferer	One who suffers with another.
Cosupreme	A partaker of supremacy; one jointly supreme.
Cosureties	of Cosurety
Cosurety	One who is surety with another.
Cosy	See Cozy.
Cot	A small house; a cottage or hut.
Cot	A pen, coop, or like shelter for small domestic animals, as for sheep or pigeons; a cote.
Cot	A cover or sheath; as, a roller cot (the clothing of a drawing roller in a spinning frame); a cot for a sore finger.
Cot	A small, rudely-formed boat.
Cot	A sleeping place of limited size; a little bed; a cradle; a piece of canvas extended by a frame, used as a bed.
Cotangent	The tangent of the complement of an arc or angle. See Illust. of Functions.
Cotarnine	A white, crystalline substance, C12H13NO3, obtained as a product of the decomposition of narcotine. It has weak basic properties, and is usually regarded as an alkaloid.
Cote	A cottage or hut.
Cote	A shed, shelter, or inclosure for small domestic animals, as for sheep or doves.
Cote	To go side by side with; hence, to pass by; to outrun and get before; as, a dog cotes a hare.
Cote	To quote.
Cotemporaneous	Living or being at the same time; contemporaneous.
Cotemporary	Living or being at the same time; contemporary.
Cotemporaries	of Cotemporary
Cotemporary	One who lives at the same time with another; a contemporary.
Cotenant	A tenant in common, or a joint tenant.
Coterie	A set or circle of persons who meet familiarly, as for social, literary, or other purposes; a clique.
Coterminous	Bordering; conterminous; -- followed by with.
Cotgare	Refuse wool.
Cothurn	A buskin anciently used by tragic actors on the stage; hence, tragedy in general.
Cothurnate	Alt. of Cothurnated
Cothurnated	Wearing a cothurn.
Cothurnated	Relating to tragedy; solemn; grave.
Cothurnus	Same as Cothurn.
Coticular	Pertaining to whetstones; like or suitable for whetstones.
Cotidal	Marking an equality in the tides; having high tide at the same time.
Cotillon	Alt. of Cotillion
Cotillion	A brisk dance, performed by eight persons; a quadrille.
Cotillion	A tune which regulates the dance.
Cotillion	A kind of woolen material for women's skirts.
Cotillion	A formal ball.
Cotinga	A bird of the family Cotingidae, including numerous bright-colored South American species; -- called also chatterers.
Cotise	See Cottise.
Cotised	See Cottised.
Cotland	Land appendant to a cot or cottage, or held by a cottager or cotter.
Cotquean	A man who busies himself with affairs which properly belong to women.
Cotquean	A she-cuckold; a cucquean; a henhussy.
Cotqueanity	The condition, character, or conduct of a cotquean.
Cotrustee	A joint trustee.
Cotswold	An open country abounding in sheepcotes, as in the Cotswold hills, in Gloucestershire, England.
Cottage	A small house; a cot; a hut.
Cottaged	Set or covered with cottages.
Cottagely	Cottagelike; suitable for a cottage; rustic.
Cottager	One who lives in a cottage.
Cottager	One who lives on the common, without paying any rent, or having land of his own.
Cotter	Alt. of Cottar
Cottar	A cottager; a cottier.
Cotter	A piece of wood or metal, commonly wedge-shaped, used for fastening together parts of a machine or structure. It is driven into an opening through one or all of the parts. [See Illust.] In the United States a cotter is commonly called a key.
Cotter	A toggle.
Cotter	To fasten with a cotter.
Cottier	In Great Britain and Ireland, a person who hires a small cottage, with or without a plot of land. Cottiers commonly aid in the work of the landlord's farm.
Cottise	A diminutive of the bendlet, containing one half its area or one quarter the area of the bend. When a single cottise is used alone it is often called a cost. See also Couple-close.
Cottised	Set between two cottises, -- said of a bend; or between two barrulets, -- said of a bar or fess.
Cottoid	Like a fish of the genus Cottus.
Cottoid	A fish belonging to, or resembling, the genus Cottus. See Sculpin.
Cottolene	A product from cotton-seed, used as lard.
Cotton	A soft, downy substance, resembling fine wool, consisting of the unicellular twisted hairs which grow on the seeds of the cotton plant. Long-staple cotton has a fiber sometimes almost two inches long; short-staple, from two thirds of an inch to an inch and a half.
Cotton	The cotton plant. See Cotten plant, below.
Cotton	Cloth made of cotton.
Cotton	To rise with a regular nap, as cloth does.
Cotton	To go on prosperously; to succeed.
Cotton	To unite; to agree; to make friends; -- usually followed by with.
Cotton	To take a liking to; to stick to one as cotton; -- used with to.
Cottonade	A somewhat stout and thick fabric of cotton.
Cottonary	Relating to, or composed of, cotton; cottony.
Cottonous	Resembling cotton.
Cottontail	The American wood rabbit (Lepus sylvaticus); -- also called Molly cottontail.
Cottonweed	See Cudweed.
Cottonwood	An American tree of the genus Populus or poplar, having the seeds covered with abundant cottonlike hairs; esp., the P. monilifera and P. angustifolia of the Western United States.
Cottony	Covered with hairs or pubescence, like cotton; downy; nappy; woolly.
Cottony	Of or pertaining to cotton; resembling cotton in appearance or character; soft, like cotton.
Cottrel	A trammel, or hook to support a pot over a fire.
Cotyla	Alt. of Cotyle
Cotyle	A cuplike cavity or organ. Same as Acetabulum.
Cotyledon	One of the patches of villi found in some forms of placenta.
Cotyledon	A leaf borne by the caulicle or radicle of an embryo; a seed leaf.
Cotyledonal	Of, pertaining to, or resembling, a cotyledon.
Cotyledonary	Having a cotyledon; tufted; as, the cotyledonary placenta of the cow.
Cotyledonous	Of or pertaining to a cotyledon or cotyledons; having a seed lobe.
Cotyliform	Shaped like a cotyle or a cup.
Cotyligerous	Having cotyles.
Cotyloid	Shaped like a cup; as, the cotyloid cavity, which receives the head of the thigh bone.
Cotyloid	Pertaining to a cotyloid cavity; as, the cotyloid ligament, or notch.
Coucal	A large, Old World, ground cuckoo of the genus Centropus, of several species.
Couched	of Couch
Couching	of Couch
Couch	To lay upon a bed or other resting place.
Couch	To arrange or dispose as in a bed; -- sometimes followed by the reflexive pronoun.
Couch	To lay or deposit in a bed or layer; to bed.
Couch	To transfer (as sheets of partly dried pulp) from the wire cloth mold to a felt blanket, for further drying.
Couch	To conceal; to include or involve darkly.
Couch	To arrange; to place; to inlay.
Couch	To put into some form of language; to express; to phrase; -- used with in and under.
Couch	To treat by pushing down or displacing the opaque lens with a needle; as, to couch a cataract.
Couch	To lie down or recline, as on a bed or other place of rest; to repose; to lie.
Couch	To lie down for concealment; to hide; to be concealed; to be included or involved darkly.
Couch	To bend the body, as in reverence, pain, labor, etc.; to stoop; to crouch.
Couch	A bed or place for repose or sleep; particularly, in the United States, a lounge.
Couch	Any place for repose, as the lair of a beast, etc.
Couch	A mass of steeped barley spread upon a floor to germinate, in malting; or the floor occupied by the barley; as, couch of malt.
Couch	A preliminary layer, as of color, size, etc.
Couchancy	State of lying down for repose.
Couchant	Lying down with head erect; squatting.
Couchant	Lying down with the head raised, which distinguishes the posture of couchant from that of dormant, or sleeping; -- said of a lion or other beast.
Couche	Not erect; inclined; -- said of anything that is usually erect, as an escutcheon.
Couche	Lying on its side; thus, a chevron couche is one which emerges from one side of the escutcheon and has its apex on the opposite side, or at the fess point.
Couched	Same as Couch/.
Couchee	A reception held at the time of going to bed, as by a sovereign or great prince.
Coucher	One who couches.
Coucher	One who couches paper.
Coucher	A factor or agent resident in a country for traffic.
Coucher	The book in which a corporation or other body registers its particular acts.
Couch grass	See Quitch grass.
Couching	The operation of putting down or displacing the opaque lens in cataract.
Couching	Embroidering by laying the materials upon the surface of the foundation, instead of drawing them through.
Couchless	Having no couch or bed.
Coudee	A measure of length; the distance from the elbow to the end of the middle finger; a cubit.
Cougar	An American feline quadruped (Felis concolor), resembling the African panther in size and habits. Its color is tawny, without spots; hence writers often called it the American lion. Called also puma, panther, mountain lion, and catamount. See Puma.
Coughed	of Cough
Coughing	of Cough
Cough	To expel air, or obstructing or irritating matter, from the lungs or air passages, in a noisy and violent manner.
Cough	To expel from the lungs or air passages by coughing; -- followed by up; as, to cough up phlegm.
Cough	To bring to a specified state by coughing; as, he coughed himself hoarse.
Cough	A sudden, noisy, and violent expulsion of air from the chest, caused by irritation in the air passages, or by the reflex action of nervous or gastric disorder, etc.
Cough	The more or less frequent repetition of coughing, constituting a symptom of disease.
Cougher	One who coughs.
Couhage	See Cowhage.
Could	Was, should be, or would be, able, capable, or susceptible. Used as an auxiliary, in the past tense or in the conditional present.
Coulee	A stream
Coulee	a stream of lava. Also, in the Western United States, the bed of a stream, even if dry, when deep and having inclined sides; distinguished from a caon, which has precipitous sides.
Coulisse	A piece of timber having a groove in which something glides.
Coulisse	One of the side scenes of the stage in a theater, or the space included between the side scenes.
Couloir	A deep gorge; a gully.
Couloir	A dredging machine for excavating canals, etc.
Coulomb	The standard unit of quantity in electrical measurements. It is the quantity of electricity conveyed in one second by the current produced by an electro-motive force of one volt acting in a circuit having a resistance of one ohm, or the quantity transferred by one ampere in one second. Formerly called weber.
Coulter	Same as Colter.
Coulterneb	The puffin.
Coumaric	Relating to, derived from, or like, the Dipterix odorata, a tree of Guiana.
Coumarin	The concrete essence of the tonka bean, the fruit of Dipterix (formerly Coumarouna) odorata and consisting essentially of coumarin proper, which is a white crystalline substance, C9H6O2, of vanilla-like odor, regarded as an anhydride of coumaric acid, and used in flavoring. Coumarin in also made artificially.
Council	An assembly of men summoned or convened for consultation, deliberation, or advice; as, a council of physicians for consultation in a critical case.
Council	A body of man elected or appointed to constitute an advisory or a legislative assembly; as, a governor's council; a city council.
Council	Act of deliberating; deliberation; consultation.
Councilist	One who belong to a council; one who gives an opinion.
Councilmen	of Councilman
Councilman	A member of a council, especially of the common council of a city; a councilor.
Councilor	A member of a council.
Co-une	To combine or unite.
Co-unite	To unite.
Co-unite	United closely with another.
Counsel	Interchange of opinions; mutual advising; consultation.
Counsel	Examination of consequences; exercise of deliberate judgment; prudence.
Counsel	Result of consultation; advice; instruction.
Counsel	Deliberate purpose; design; intent; scheme; plan.
Counsel	A secret opinion or purpose; a private matter.
Counsel	One who gives advice, especially in legal matters; one professionally engaged in the trial or management of a cause in court; also, collectively, the legal advocates united in the management of a case; as, the defendant has able counsel.
Counseled	of Counsel
Counselled	of Counsel
Counseling	of Counsel
Counselling	of Counsel
Counsel	To give advice to; to advice, admonish, or instruct, as a person.
Counsel	To advise or recommend, as an act or course.
Counselable	Willing to receive counsel or follow advice.
Counselable	Suitable to be advised; advisable, wise.
Counselor	One who counsels; an adviser.
Counselor	A member of council; one appointed to advise a sovereign or chief magistrate. [See under Consilor.]
Counselor	One whose profession is to give advice in law, and manage causes for clients in court; a barrister.
Counselorship	The function and rank or office of a counselor.
Counted	of Count
Counting	of Count
Count	To tell or name one by one, or by groups, for the purpose of ascertaining the whole number of units in a collection; to number; to enumerate; to compute; to reckon.
Count	To place to an account; to ascribe or impute; to consider or esteem as belonging.
Count	To esteem; to account; to reckon; to think, judge, or consider.
Count	To number or be counted; to possess value or carry weight; hence, to increase or add to the strength or influence of some party or interest; as, every vote counts; accidents count for nothing.
Count	To reckon; to rely; to depend; -- with on or upon.
Count	To take account or note; -- with
Count	To plead orally; to argue a matter in court; to recite a count.
Count	The act of numbering; reckoning; also, the number ascertained by counting.
Count	An object of interest or account; value; estimation.
Count	A formal statement of the plaintiff's case in court; in a more technical and correct sense, a particular allegation or charge in a declaration or indictment, separately setting forth the cause of action or prosecution.
Count	A nobleman on the continent of Europe, equal in rank to an English earl.
Countable	Capable of being numbered.
Counttenance	Appearance or expression of the face; look; aspect; mien.
Counttenance	The face; the features.
Counttenance	Approving or encouraging aspect of face; hence, favor, good will, support; aid; encouragement.
Counttenance	Superficial appearance; show; pretense.
Countenanced	of Countenance
Countenancing	of Countenance
Countenance	To encourage; to favor; to approve; to aid; to abet.
Countenance	To make a show of; to pretend.
Countenancer	One who countenances, favors, or supports.
Counter	A prefix meaning contrary, opposite, in opposition; as, counteract, counterbalance, countercheck. See Counter, adv. & a.
Counter	One who counts, or reckons up; a calculator; a reckoner.
Counter	A piece of metal, ivory, wood, or bone, used in reckoning, in keeping account of games, etc.
Counter	Money; coin; -- used in contempt.
Counter	A prison; either of two prisons formerly in London.
Counter	A telltale; a contrivance attached to an engine, printing press, or other machine, for the purpose of counting the revolutions or the pulsations.
Counter	A table or board on which money is counted and over which business is transacted; a long, narrow table or bench, on which goods are laid for examination by purchasers, or on which they are weighed or measured.
Counter	Contrary; in opposition; in an opposite direction; contrariwise; -- used chiefly with run or go.
Counter	In the wrong way; contrary to the right course; as, a hound that runs counter.
Counter	At or against the front or face.
Counter	Contrary; opposite; contrasted; opposed; adverse; antagonistic; as, a counter current; a counter revolution; a counter poison; a counter agent; counter fugue.
Counter	The after part of a vessel's body, from the water line to the stern, -- below and somewhat forward of the stern proper.
Counter	Same as Contra. Formerly used to designate any under part which served for contrast to a principal part, but now used as equivalent to counter tenor.
Counter	The breast, or that part of a horse between the shoulders and under the neck.
Counter	The back leather or heel part of a boot.
Counter	An encounter.
Counter	To return a blow while receiving one, as in boxing.
Counteracted	of Counteract
Counteracting	of Counteract
Counteract	To act in opposition to; to hinder, defeat, or frustrate, by contrary agency or influence; as, to counteract the effect of medicines; to counteract good advice.
Counteraction	Action in opposition; hindrance resistance.
Counteractive	Tending to counteract.
Counteractive	One who, or that which, counteracts.
Counteractibely	By counteraction.
Counterbalanced	of Counterbalance
Counterbalancing	of Counterbalance
Counterbalance	To oppose with an equal weight or power; to counteract the power or effect of; to countervail; to equiponderate; to balance.
Counterbalance	A weight, power, or agency, acting against or balancing another
Counterbalance	A mass of metal in one side of a driving wheel or fly wheel, to balance the weight of a crank pin, etc., on the opposite side of the wheel
Counterbalance	A counterpoise to balance the weight of anything, as of a drawbridge or a scale beam.
Counterbore	A flat-bottomed cylindrical enlargement of the mouth of a hole, usually of slight depth, as for receiving a cylindrical screw head.
Counterbore	A kind of pin drill with the cutting edge or edges normal to the axis; -- used for enlarging a hole, or for forming a flat-bottomed recess at its mouth.
Counterbore	To form a counterbore in, by boring, turning, or drilling; to enlarge, as a hole, by means of a counterbore.
Counter brace	The brace of the fore-topsail on the leeward side of a vessel.
Counter brace	A brace, in a framed structure, which resists a strain of a character opposite to that which a main brace is designed to receive.
Counterbrace	To brace in opposite directions; as, to counterbrace the yards, i. e., to brace the head yards one way and the after yards another.
Counterbrace	To brace in such a way that opposite strains are resisted; to apply counter braces to.
Counterbuff	To strike or drive back or in an opposite direction; to stop by a blow or impulse in front.
Counterbuff	A blow in an opposite direction; a stroke that stops motion or cause a recoil.
Countercast	A trick; a delusive contrivance.
Countercaster	A caster of accounts; a reckoner; a bookkeeper; -- used contemptuously.
Counterchanged	of Counterchange
Counterchanging	of Counterchange
Counterchange	To give and receive; to cause to change places; to exchange.
Counterchange	To checker; to diversify, as in heraldic counterchanging. See Counterchaged, a., 2.
Counterchange	Exchange; reciprocation.
Counterchanged	Exchanged.
Counterchanged	Having the tinctures exchanged mutually; thus, if the field is divided palewise, or and azure, and cross is borne counterchanged, that part of the cross which comes on the azure side will be or, and that on the or side will be azure.
Countercharge	An opposing charge.
Countercharmed	of Countercharm
Countercharming	of Countercharm
Countercharm	To destroy the effect of a charm upon.
Countercharm	That which has the power of destroying the effect of a charm.
Counterchecked	of Countercheck
Counterchecking	of Countercheck
Countercheck	To oppose or check by some obstacle; to check by a return check.
Countercheck	A check; a stop; a rebuke, or censure to check a reprover.
Countercheck	Any force or device designed to restrain another restraining force; a check upon a check.
Counterclaim	A claim made by a person as an offset to a claim made on him.
Counter-compony	See Compony.
Counter-couchant	Lying down, with their heads in opposite directions; -- said of animals borne in a coat of arms.
Counter-courant	Running in opposite directions; -- said of animals borne in a coast of arms.
Countercurrent	Running in an opposite direction.
Countercurrent	A current running in an opposite direction to the main current.
Counterdrew	of Counterdraw
Counterdrawn	of Counterdraw
Counterdrawing	of Counterdraw
Counterdraw	To copy, as a design or painting, by tracing with a pencil on oiled paper, or other transparent substance.
Counterfaisance	See Counterfesance.
Counterfeit	Representing by imitation or likeness; having a resemblance to something else; portrayed.
Counterfeit	Fabricated in imitation of something else, with a view to defraud by passing the false copy for genuine or original; as, counterfeit antiques; counterfeit coin.
Counterfeit	Assuming the appearance of something; false; spurious; deceitful; hypocritical; as, a counterfeit philanthropist.
Counterfeit	That which resembles or is like another thing; a likeness; a portrait; a counterpart.
Counterfeit	That which is made in imitation of something, with a view to deceive by passing the false for the true; as, the bank note was a counterfeit.
Counterfeit	One who pretends to be what he is not; one who personates another; an impostor; a cheat.
Counterfeited	of Counterfeit
Counterfeiting	of Counterfeit
Counterfeit	To imitate, or put on a semblance of; to mimic; as, to counterfeit the voice of another person.
Counterfeit	To imitate with a view to deceiving, by passing the copy for that which is original or genuine; to forge; as, to counterfeit the signature of another, coins, notes, etc.
Counterfeit	To carry on a deception; to dissemble; to feign; to pretend.
Counterfeit	To make counterfeits.
Counterfeiter	One who counterfeits; one who copies or imitates; especially, one who copies or forges bank notes or coin; a forger.
Counterfeiter	One who assumes a false appearance or semblance; one who makes false pretenses.
Counterfeitly	By forgery; falsely.
Counterfesance	The act of forging; forgery.
Counterfleury	Counterflory.
Counterflory	Adorned with flowers (usually fleurs-de-lis) so divided that the tops appear on one side and the bottoms on the others; -- said of any ordinary.
Counterfoil	That part of a tally, formerly in the exchequer, which was kept by an officer in that court, the other, called the stock, being delivered to the person who had lent the king money on the account; -- called also counterstock.
Counterfoil	The part of a writing (as the stub of a bank check) in which are noted the main particulars contained in the corresponding part, which has been issued.
Counterforce	An opposing force.
Counterfort	A kind of buttress of masonry to strengthen a revetment wall.
Counterfort	A spur or projection of a mountain.
Countergage	An adjustable gage, with double points for transferring measurements from one timber to another, as the breadth of a mortise to the place where the tenon is to be made.
Counterguard	A low outwork before a bastion or ravelin, consisting of two lines of rampart parallel to the faces of the bastion, and protecting them from a breaching fire.
Counterirritant	Alt. of Counterirritation
Counterirritation	See Counter irritant, etc., under Counter, a.
Counterirritate	To produce counter irritation in; to treat with one morbid process for the purpose of curing another.
Counterjumper	A salesman in a shop; a shopman; -- used contemptuously.
Countermen	of Counterman
Counterman	A man who attends at the counter of a shop to sell goods.
Countermanded	of Countermand
Countermanding	of Countermand
Countermand	To revoke (a former command); to cancel or rescind by giving an order contrary to one previously given; as, to countermand an order for goods.
Countermand	To prohibit; to forbid.
Countermand	To oppose; to revoke the command of.
Countermand	A contrary order; revocation of a former order or command.
Countermandable	Capable of being countermanded; revocable.
Countermarched	of Countermarch
Countermarching	of Countermarch
Countermarch	To march back, or to march in reversed order.
Countermarch	A marching back; retrocession.
Countermarch	An evolution by which a body of troops change front or reverse the direction of march while retaining the same men in the front rank; also, a movement by which the rear rank becomes the front one, either with or without changing the right to the left.
Countermarch	A change of measures; alteration of conduct.
Countermark	A mark or token added to those already existing, in order to afford security or proof; as, an additional or special mark put upon a package of goods belonging to several persons, that it may not be opened except in the presence of all; a mark added to that of an artificer of gold or silver work by the Goldsmiths' Company of London, to attest the standard quality of the gold or silver; a mark added to an ancient coin or medal, to show either its change of value or that it was taken from an enemy.
Countermark	An artificial cavity made in the teeth of horses that have outgrown their natural mark, to disguise their age.
Countermark	To apply a countermark to; as, to countermark silverware; to countermark a horse's teeth.
Countermine	An underground gallery excavated to intercept and destroy the mining of an enemy.
Countermine	A stratagem or plot by which another sratagem or project is defeated.
Countermined	of Countermine
Countermining	of Countermine
Countermine	To oppose by means of a countermine; to intercept with a countermine.
Countermine	To frustrate or counteract by secret measures.
Countermine	To make a countermine or counterplot; to plot secretly.
Countermove	To move in a contrary direction to.
Countermove	Alt. of Countermovement
Countermovement	A movement in opposition to another.
Countermure	A wall raised behind another, to supply its place when breached or destroyed. [R.] Cf. Contramure.
Countermured	of Countermure
Countermuring	of Countermure
Countermure	To fortify with a wall behind another wall.
Counternatural	Contrary to nature.
Counter-paly	Paly, and then divided fesswise, so that each vertical piece is cut into two, having the colors used alternately or counterchanged. Thus the escutcheon in the illustration may also be blazoned paly of six per fess counterchanged argent and azure.
Counterpane	A coverlet for a bed, -- originally stitched or woven in squares or figures.
Counterpane	A duplicate part or copy of an indenture, deed, etc., corresponding with the original; -- now called counterpart.
Counterpart	A part corresponding to another part; anything which answers, or corresponds, to another; a copy; a duplicate; a facsimile.
Counterpart	One of two corresponding copies of an instrument; a duplicate.
Counterpart	A person who closely resembles another.
Counterpart	A thing may be applied to another thing so as to fit perfectly, as a seal to its impression; hence, a thing which is adapted to another thing, or which supplements it; that which serves to complete or complement anything; hence, a person or thing having qualities lacking in another; an opposite.
Counterpassant	Passant in opposite directions; -- said of two animals.
Counterplead	To plead the contrary of; to plead against; to deny.
Counterplotted	of Counterplot
Counterplotting	of Counterplot
Counterplot	To oppose, as another plot, by plotting; to attempt to frustrate, as a stratagem, by stratagem.
Counterplot	A plot or artifice opposed to another.
Counterpoint	An opposite point
Counterpoint	The setting of note against note in harmony; the adding of one or more parts to a given canto fermo or melody
Counterpoint	The art of polyphony, or composite melody, i. e., melody not single, but moving attended by one or more related melodies.
Counterpoint	Music in parts; part writing; harmony; polyphonic music. See Polyphony.
Counterpoint	A coverlet; a cover for a bed, often stitched or broken into squares; a counterpane.  See 1st Counterpane.
Counterpoised	of Counterpoise
Counterpoising	of Counterpoise
Counterpoise	To act against with equal weight; to equal in weight; to balance the weight of; to counterbalance.
Counterpoise	To act against with equal power; to balance.
Counterpoise	A weight sufficient to balance another, as in the opposite scale of a balance; an equal weight.
Counterpoise	An equal power or force acting in opposition; a force sufficient to balance another force.
Counterpoise	The relation of two weights or forces which balance each other; equilibrium; equiponderance.
Counterpole	The exact opposite.
Counterponderate	To equal in weight; to counterpoise; to equiponderate.
Counterproved	of Counterprove
Counterproving	of Counterprove
Counterprove	To take a counter proof of, or a copy in reverse, by taking an impression directly from the face of an original.  See Counter proof, under Counter.
Counter-roll	A duplicate roll (record or account) kept by an officer as a check upon another officer's roll.
Counterrolment	A counter account. See Control.
Counter-salient	Leaping from each other; -- said of two figures on a coast of arms.
Counterscale	Counterbalance; balance, as of one scale against another.
Counterscarf	The exterior slope or wall of the ditch; -- sometimes, the whole covered way, beyond the ditch, with its parapet and glacis; as, the enemy have lodged themselves on the counterscarp.
Countersealed	of Counterseal
Countersealing	of Counterseal
Counterseal	To seal or ratify with another or others.
Countersecure	To give additional security to or for.
Countershaft	An intermediate shaft; esp., one which receives motion from a line shaft in a factory and transmits it to a machine.
Countersigned	of Countersign
Countersigning	of Countersign
Countersign	To sign on the opposite side of (an instrument or writing); hence, to sign in addition to the signature of a principal or superior, in order to attest the authenticity of a writing.
Countersign	The signature of a secretary or other officer to a writing signed by a principal or superior, to attest its authenticity.
Countersign	A private signal, word, or phrase, which must be given in order to pass a sentry; a watchword.
Countersunk	of Countersink
Countersinking	of Countersink
Countersink	To chamfer or form a depression around the top of (a hole in wood, metal, etc.) for the reception of the head of a screw or bolt below the surface, either wholly or in part; as, to countersink a hole for a screw.
Countersink	To cause to sink even with or below the surface; as, to countersink a screw or bolt into woodwork.
Countersink	An enlargement of the upper part of a hole, forming a cavity or depression for receiving the head of a screw or bolt.
Countersink	A drill or cutting tool for countersinking holes.
Counterstand	Resistance; opposition; a stand against.
Counterstep	A contrary method of procedure; opposite course of action.
Counterstock	See Counterfoil.
Counterstroke	A stroke or blow in return.
Countersunk	Chamfered at the top; -- said of a hole.
Countersunk	Sunk into a chamfer; as, a countersunk bolt.
Countersunk	Beveled on the lower side, so as to fit a chamfered countersink; as, a countersunk nailhead.
Countersway	A swaying in a contrary direction; an opposing influence.
Counter tenor	One of the middle parts in music, between the tenor and the treble; high tenor.
Counterterm	A term or word which is the opposite of, or antithesis to, another; an antonym; -- the opposite of synonym; as, "foe" is the counterterm of "friend".
Countertime	The resistance of a horse, that interrupts his cadence and the measure of his manege, occasioned by a bad horseman, or the bad temper of the horse.
Countertime	Resistance; opposition.
Countertrippant	Trippant in opposite directions. See Trippant.
Countertripping	Same as Countertrippant.
Counterturn	The critical moment in a play, when, contrary to expectation, the action is embroiled in new difficulties.
Countervailed	of Countervail
Countervailing	of Countervail
Countervail	To act against with equal force, power, or effect; to thwart or overcome by such action; to furnish an equivalent to or for; to counterbalance; to compensate.
Countervail	Power or value sufficient to obviate any effect; equal weight, strength, or value; equivalent; compensation; requital.
Countervallation	See Contravallation.
Counterview	An opposite or opposing view; opposition; a posture in which two persons front each other.
Counterview	A position in which two dissimilar things illustrate each other by opposition; contrast.
Countervote	To vote in opposition to; to balance or overcome by voting; to outvote.
Counterwait	To wait or watch for; to be on guard against.
Counterweigh	To weigh against; to counterbalance.
Counter weight	A counterpoise.
Counterwheel	To cause to wheel or turn in an opposite direction.
Counterwork	To work in opposition to; to counteract.
Countesses	of Countess
Countess	The wife of an earl in the British peerage, or of a count in the Continental nobility; also, a lady possessed of the same dignity in her own right. See the Note under Count.
Countinghouse	Alt. of Countingroom
Countingroom	The house or room in which a merchant, trader, or manufacturer keeps his books and transacts business.
Countless	Incapable of being counted; not ascertainable; innumerable.
Countor	An advocate or professional pleader; one who counted for his client, that is, orally pleaded his cause.
Countour	Alt. of Countourhouse
Countourhouse	A merchant's office; a countinghouse.
Countre-	Same as prefix Counter-.
Countreplete	To counterplead.
Countretaille	A counter tally; correspondence (in sound).
Countrified	Having the appearance and manners of a rustic; rude.
Countrify	To give a rural appearance to; to cause to appear rustic.
Countries	of Country
Country	A tract of land; a region; the territory of an independent nation; (as distinguished from any other region, and with a personal pronoun) the region of one's birth, permanent residence, or citizenship.
Country	Rural regions, as opposed to a city or town.
Country	The inhabitants or people of a state or a region; the populace; the public. Hence: (a) One's constituents. (b) The whole body of the electors of state; as, to dissolve Parliament and appeal to the country.
Country	A jury, as representing the citizens of a country.
Country	The inhabitants of the district from which a jury is drawn.
Country	The rock through which a vein runs.
Country	Pertaining to the regions remote from a city; rural; rustic; as, a country life; a country town; the country party, as opposed to city.
Country	Destitute of refinement; rude; unpolished; rustic; not urbane; as, country manners.
Country	Pertaining, or peculiar, to one's own country.
Country-base	Same as Prison base.
Country-dance	See Contradance.
Countrymen	of Countryman
Countryman	An inhabitant or native of a region.
Countryman	One born in the same country with another; a compatriot; -- used with a possessive pronoun.
Countryman	One who dwells in the country, as distinguished from a townsman or an inhabitant of a city; a rustic; a husbandman or farmer.
Country seat	A dwelling in the country, used as a place of retirement from the city.
Countryside	A particular rural district; a country neighborhood.
Countrywomen	of Countrywoman
Countrywoman	A woman born, or dwelling, in the country, as opposed to the city; a woman born or dwelling in the same country with another native or inhabitant.
Count-wheel	The wheel in a clock which regulates the number of strokes.
Counties	of County
County	An earldom; the domain of a count or earl.
County	A circuit or particular portion of a state or kingdom, separated from the rest of the territory, for certain purposes in the administration of justice and public affairs; -- called also a shire. See Shire.
County	A count; an earl or lord.
Coup	A sudden stroke; an unexpected device or stratagem; -- a term used in various ways to convey the idea of promptness and force.
Coupable	Culpable.
Coupe	The front compartment of a French diligence; also, the front compartment (usually for three persons) of a car or carriage on British railways.
Coupe	A four-wheeled close carriage for two persons inside, with an outside seat for the driver; -- so called because giving the appearance of a larger carriage cut off.
Couped	Cut off smoothly, as distinguished from erased; -- used especially for the head or limb of an animal. See Erased.
Coupee	A motion in dancing, when one leg is a little bent, and raised from the floor, and with the other a forward motion is made.
Coupe-gorge	Any position giving the enemy such advantage that the troops occupying it must either surrender or be cut to pieces.
Couple	That which joins or links two things together; a bond or tie; a coupler.
Couple	Two of the same kind connected or considered together; a pair; a brace.
Couple	A male and female associated together; esp., a man and woman who are married or betrothed.
Couple	See Couple-close.
Couple	One of the pairs of plates of two metals which compose a voltaic battery; -- called a voltaic couple or galvanic couple.
Couple	Two rotations, movements, etc., which are equal in amount but opposite in direction, and acting along parallel lines or around parallel axes.
Coupled	of Couple
Coupling	of Couple
Couple	To link or tie, as one thing to another; to connect or fasten together; to join.
Couple	To join in wedlock; to marry.
Couple	To come together as male and female; to copulate.
Couple-beggar	One who makes it his business to marry beggars to each other.
Couple-closes	of Couple-close
Couple-close	A diminutive of the chevron, containing one fourth of its surface. Couple-closes are generally borne one on each side of a chevron, and the  blazoning may then be either a chevron between two couple-closes or chevron cottised.
Couple-close	A pair of rafters framed together with a tie fixed at their feet, or with a collar beam.
Couplement	Union; combination; a coupling; a pair.
Coupler	One who couples; that which couples, as a link, ring, or shackle, to connect cars.
Couplet	Two taken together; a pair or couple; especially two lines of verse that rhyme with each other.
Coupling	The act of bringing or coming together; connection; sexual union.
Coupling	A device or contrivance which serves to couple or connect adjacent parts or objects; as, a belt coupling, which connects the ends of a belt; a car coupling, which connects the cars in a train; a shaft coupling, which connects the ends of shafts.
Coupon	A certificate of interest due, printed at the bottom of transferable bonds (state, railroad, etc.), given for a term of years, designed to be cut off and presented for payment when the interest is due; an interest warrant.
Coupon	A section of a ticket, showing the holder to be entitled to some specified accomodation or service, as to a passage over a designated line of travel, a particular seat in a theater, or the like.
Coupure	A passage cut through the glacis to facilitate sallies by the besieged.
Courage	The heart; spirit; temper; disposition.
Courage	Heart; inclination; desire; will.
Courage	That quality of mind which enables one to encounter danger and difficulties with firmness, or without fear, or fainting of heart; valor; boldness; resolution.
Couage	To inspire with courage.
Courageous	Possessing, or characterized by, courage; brave; bold.
Courageously	In a courageous manner.
Courageousness	The quality of being courageous; courage.
Courant	Represented as running; -- said of a beast borne in a coat of arms.
Courant	A piece of music in triple time; also, a lively dance; a coranto.
Courant	A circulating gazette of news; a newspaper.
Couranto	A sprightly dance; a coranto; a courant.
Courap	A skin disease, common in India, in which there is perpetual itching and eruption, esp. of the groin, breast, armpits, and face.
Courb	Curved; rounded.
Courb	To bend; to stop; to bow.
Courbaril	See Anime, n.
Courche	A square piece of linen used formerly by women instead of a cap; a kerchief.
Courier	A messenger sent with haste to convey letters or dispatches, usually on public business.
Courier	An attendant on travelers, whose business it is to make arrangements for their convenience at hotels and on the way.
Courlan	A South American bird, of the genus Aramus, allied to the rails.
Course	The act of moving from one point to another; progress; passage.
Course	The ground or path traversed; track; way.
Course	Motion, considered as to its general or resultant direction or to its goal; line progress or advance.
Course	Progress from point to point without change of direction; any part of a progress from one place to another, which is in a straight line, or on one direction; as, a ship in a long voyage makes many courses; a course measured by a surveyor between two stations; also, a progress without interruption or rest; a heat; as, one course of a race.
Course	Motion considered with reference to manner; or derly progress; procedure in a certain line of thought or action; as, the course of an argument.
Course	Customary or established sequence of events; recurrence of events according to natural laws.
Course	Method of procedure; manner or way of conducting; conduct; behavior.
Course	A series of motions or acts arranged in order; a succession of acts or practices connectedly followed; as, a course of medicine; a course of lectures on chemistry.
Course	The succession of one to another in office or duty; order; turn.
Course	That part of a meal served at one time, with its accompaniments.
Course	A continuous level range of brick or stones of the same height throughout the face or faces of a building.
Course	The lowest sail on any mast of a square-rigged vessel; as, the fore course, main course, etc.
Course	The menses.
Coursed	of Course
Coursing	of Course
Course	To run, hunt, or chase after; to follow hard upon; to pursue.
Course	To cause to chase after or pursue game; as, to course greyhounds after deer.
Course	To run through or over.
Course	To run as in a race, or in hunting; to pursue the sport of coursing; as, the sportsmen coursed over the flats of Lancashire.
Course	To move with speed; to race; as, the blood courses through the veins.
Coursed	Hunted; as, a coursed hare.
Coursed	Arranged in courses; as, coursed masonry.
Courser	One who courses or hunts.
Courser	A swift or spirited horse; a racer or a war horse; a charger.
Courser	A grallatorial bird of Europe (Cursorius cursor), remarkable for its speed in running. Sometimes, in a wider sense, applied to running birds of the Ostrich family.
Coursey	A space in the galley; a part of the hatches.
Coursing	The pursuit or running game with dogs that follow by sight instead of by scent.
Court	An inclosed space; a courtyard; an uncovered area shut in by the walls of a building, or by different building; also, a space opening from a street and nearly surrounded by houses; a blind alley.
Court	The residence of a sovereign, prince, nobleman, or ether dignitary; a palace.
Court	The collective body of persons composing the retinue of a sovereign or person high in authority; all the surroundings of a sovereign in his regal state.
Court	Any formal assembling of the retinue of a sovereign; as, to hold a court.
Court	Attention directed to a person in power; conduct or address designed to gain favor; courtliness of manners; civility; compliment; flattery.
Court	The hall, chamber, or place, where justice is administered.
Court	The persons officially assembled under authority of law, at the appropriate time and place, for the administration of justice; an official assembly, legally met together for the transaction of judicial business; a judge or judges sitting for the hearing or trial of causes.
Court	A tribunal established for the administration of justice.
Court	The judge or judges; as distinguished from the counsel or jury, or both.
Court	The session of a judicial assembly.
Court	Any jurisdiction, civil, military, or ecclesiastical.
Court	A place arranged for playing the game of tennis; also, one of the divisions of a tennis court.
Courted	of Court
Courting	of Court
Court	To endeavor to gain the favor of by attention or flattery; to try to ingratiate one's self with.
Court	To endeavor to gain the affections of; to seek in marriage; to woo.
Court	To attempt to gain; to solicit; to seek.
Court	To invite by attractions; to allure; to attract.
Court	To play the lover; to woo; as, to go courting.
Court-baron	An inferior court of civil jurisdiction, attached to a manor, and held by the steward; a baron's court; -- now fallen into disuse.
Courtbred	Bred, or educated, at court; polished; courtly.
Court-craft	The artifices, intrigues, and plottings, at courts.
Court-cupboard	A movable sideboard or buffet, on which plate and other articles of luxury were displayed on special ocasions.
Courteous	Of courtlike manners; pertaining to, or expressive of, courtesy; characterized by courtesy; civil; obliging; well bred; polite; affable; complaisant.
Courteously	In a courteous manner.
Courteousness	The quality of being courteous; politeness; courtesy.
Courtepy	A short coat of coarse cloth.
Courter	One who courts; one who plays the lover, or who solicits in marriage; one who flatters and cajoles.
Courtesan	A woman who prostitutes herself for hire; a prostitute; a harlot.
Courtesanship	Harlotry.
Courtesies	of Courtesy
Courtesy	Politeness; civility; urbanity; courtliness.
Courtesy	An act of civility or respect; an act of kindness or favor performed with politeness.
Courtesy	Favor or indulgence, as distinguished from right; as, a title given one by courtesy.
Courtesy	An act of civility, respect, or reverence, made by women, consisting of a slight depression or dropping of the body, with bending of the knees.
Courtesied	of Courtesy
Courtesying	of Courtesy
Courtesy	To make a respectful salutation or movement of respect; esp. (with reference to women), to bow the body slightly, with bending of the knes.
Courtesy	To treat with civility.
Courtehouse	A house in which established courts are held, or a house appropriated to courts and public meetings.
Courtehouse	A county town; -- so called in Virginia and some others of the Southern States.
Courtier	One who is in attendance at the court of a prince; one who has an appointment at court.
Courtier	One who courts or solicits favor; one who flatters.
Courtiery	The manners of a courtier; courtliness.
Court-leet	A court of record held once a year, in a particular hundred, lordship, or manor, before the steward of the leet.
Courtlike	After the manner of a court; elegant; polite; courtly.
Courtliness	The quality of being courtly; elegance or dignity of manners.
Courtling	A sycophantic courtier.
Courtly	Relating or belonging to a court.
Courtly	Elegant; polite; courtlike; flattering.
Courtly	Disposed to favor the great; favoring the policy or party of the court; obsequious.
Courtly	In the manner of courts; politely; gracefully; elegantly.
Courts-martial	of Court-martial
Court-martial	A court consisting of military or naval officers, for the trial of one belonging to the army or navy, or of offenses against military or naval law.
Court-martialed	of Court-martial
Court-martialing	of Court-martial
Court-martial	To subject to trial by a court-martial.
Court-plaster	Sticking plaster made by coating taffeta or silk on one side with some adhesive substance, commonly a mixture of isinglass and glycerin.
Courtship	The act of paying court, with the intent to solicit a favor.
Courtship	The act of wooing in love; solicitation of woman to marriage.
Courtship	Courtliness; elegance of manners; courtesy.
Courtship	Court policy; the character of a courtier; artifice of a court; court-craft; finesse.
Court tennis	See under Tennis.
Courtyard	A court or inclosure attached to a house.
Couscous	A kind of food used by the natives of Western Africa, made of millet flour with flesh, and leaves of the baobab; -- called also lalo.
Couscousou	A favorite dish in Barbary. See Couscous.
Cousin	One collaterally related more remotely than a brother or sister; especially, the son or daughter of an uncle or aunt.
Cousin	A title formerly given by a king to a nobleman, particularly to those of the council. In English writs, etc., issued by the crown, it signifies any earl.
Cousin	Allied; akin.
Cousinage	Relationship; kinship.
Cousin-german	A first cousin. See Note under Cousin, 1.
Cousinhood	The state or condition of a cousin; also, the collective body of cousins; kinsfolk.
Cousinly	Like or becoming a cousin.
Cousinry	A body or collection of cousins; the whole number of persons who stand in the relation of cousins to a given person or persons.
Cousinship	The relationship of cousins; state of being cousins; cousinhood.
Coussinet	A stone placed on the impost of a pier for receiving the first stone of an arch.
Coussinet	That part of the Ionic capital between the abacus and quarter round, which forms the volute.
Couteau	A knife; a dagger.
Couth	Could; was able; knew or known; understood.
Couvade	A custom, among certain barbarous tribes, that when a woman gives birth to a child her husband takes to his bed, as if ill.
Covariant	A function involving the coefficients and the variables of a quantic, and such that when the quantic is lineally transformed the same function of the new variables and coefficients shall be equal to the old function multiplied by a factor. An invariant is a like function involving only the coefficients of the quantic.
Cove	A retired nook; especially, a small, sheltered inlet, creek, or bay; a recess in the shore.
Cove	A strip of prairie extending into woodland; also, a recess in the side of a mountain.
Cove	A concave molding.
Cove	A member, whose section is a concave curve, used especially with regard to an inner roof or ceiling, as around a skylight.
Coved	of Cove
Coving	of Cove
Cove	To arch over; to build in a hollow concave form; to make in the form of a cove.
Cove	To brood, cover, over, or sit over, as birds their eggs.
Cove	A boy or man of any age or station.
Covelline	Alt. of Covellite
Covellite	A native sulphide of copper, occuring in masses of a dark blue color; -- hence called indigo copper.
Covenable	Fit; proper; suitable.
Covenably	Fitly; suitably.
Covenant	A mutual agreement of two or more persons or parties, or one of the stipulations in such an agreement.
Covenant	An agreement made by the Scottish Parliament in 1638, and by the English Parliament in 1643, to preserve the reformed religion in Scotland, and to extirpate popery and prelacy; -- usually called the "Solemn League and Covenant."
Covenant	The promises of God as revealed in the Scriptures, conditioned on certain terms on the part of man, as obedience, repentance, faith, etc.
Covenant	A solemn compact between members of a church to maintain its faith, discipline, etc.
Covenant	An undertaking, on sufficient consideration, in writing and under seal, to do or to refrain from some act or thing; a contract; a stipulation; also, the document or writing containing the terms of agreement.
Covenant	A form of action for the violation of a promise or contract under seal.
Covenanted	of Covenant
Covenanting	of Covenant
Covenant	To agree (with); to enter into a formal agreement; to bind one's self by contract; to make a stipulation.
Covenant	To grant or promise by covenant.
Covenantee	The person in whose favor a covenant is made.
Covenanter	One who makes a covenant.
Covenanter	One who subscribed and defended the "Solemn League and Covenant." See Covenant.
Covenanting	Belonging to a covenant. Specifically, belonging to the Scotch Covenanters.
Covenantor	The party who makes a covenant.
Covenous	See Covinous, and Covin.
Covent	A convent or monastery.
Coventry	A town in the county of Warwick, England.
Covered	of Cover
Covering	of Cover
Cover	To overspread the surface of (one thing) with another; as, to cover wood with paint or lacquer; to cover a table with a cloth.
Cover	To envelop; to clothe, as with a mantle or cloak.
Cover	To invest (one's self with something); to bring upon (one's self); as, he covered himself with glory.
Cover	To hide sight; to conceal; to cloak; as, the enemy were covered from our sight by the woods.
Cover	To brood or sit on; to incubate.
Cover	To shelter, as from evil or danger; to protect; to defend; as, the cavalry covered the retreat.
Cover	To remove from remembrance; to put away; to remit.
Cover	To extend over; to be sufficient for; to comprehend, include, or embrace; to account for or solve; to counterbalance; as, a mortgage which fully covers a sum loaned on it; a law which covers all possible cases of a crime; receipts than do not cover expenses.
Cover	To put the usual covering or headdress on.
Cover	To copulate with (a female); to serve; as, a horse covers a mare; -- said of the male.
Cover	Anything which is laid, set, or spread, upon, about, or over, another thing; an envelope; a lid; as, the cover of a book.
Cover	Anything which veils or conceals; a screen; disguise; a cloak.
Cover	Shelter; protection; as, the troops fought under cover of the batteries; the woods afforded a good cover.
Cover	The woods, underbrush, etc., which shelter and conceal game; covert; as, to beat a cover; to ride to cover.
Cover	The lap of a slide valve.
Cover	A tablecloth, and the other table furniture; esp., the table furniture for the use of one person at a meal; as, covers were laid for fifty guests.
Cover	To spread a table for a meal; to prepare a banquet.
Coverchief	A covering for the head.
Covercle	A small cover; a lid.
Covered	Under cover; screened; sheltered; not exposed; hidden.
Coverer	One who, or that which, covers.
Covering	Anything which covers or conceals, as a roof, a screen, a wrapper, clothing, etc.
Coverlet	The uppermost cover of a bed or of any piece of furniture.
Coverlid	A coverlet.
Cover-point	The fielder in the games of cricket and lacrosse who supports "point."
Coversed sine	The versed sine of the complement of an arc or angle. See Illust. of Functions.
Cover-shame	Something used to conceal infamy.
Covert	Covered over; private; hid; secret; disguised.
Covert	Sheltered; not open or exposed; retired; protected; as, a covert nook.
Covert	Under cover, authority or protection; as, a feme covert, a married woman who is considered as being under the protection and control of her husband.
Covert	A place that covers and protects; a shelter; a defense.
Covert	One of the special feathers covering the bases of the quills of the wings and tail of a bird. See Illust. of Bird.
Covert baron	Under the protection of a husband; married.
Covertly	Secretly; in private; insidiously.
Covertness	Secrecy; privacy.
Coverture	Covering; shelter; defense; hiding.
Coverture	The condition of a woman during marriage, because she is considered under the cover, influence, power, and protection of her husband, and therefore called a feme covert, or femme couverte.
Covered	of Covet
Coveting	of Covet
Covet	To wish for with eagerness; to desire possession of; -- used in a good sense.
Covet	To long for inordinately or unlawfully; to hanker after (something forbidden).
Covet	To have or indulge inordinate desire.
Covetable	That may be coveted; desirable.
Coveter	One who covets.
Covetise	Avarice.
Covetiveness	Acquisitiveness.
Covetous	Very desirous; eager to obtain; -- used in a good sense.
Covetous	Inordinately desirous; excessively eager to obtain and possess (esp. money); avaricious; -- in a bad sense.
Covetously	In a covetous manner.
Covetousness	Strong desire.
Covetousness	A strong or inordinate desire of obtaining and possessing some supposed good; excessive desire for riches or money; -- in a bad sense.
Covey	A brood or hatch of birds; an old bird with her brood of young; hence, a small flock or number of birds together; -- said of game; as, a covey of partridges.
Covey	A company; a bevy; as, a covey of girls.
Covey	To brood; to incubate.
Covey	A pantry.
Covin	A collusive agreement between two or more persons to prejudice a third.
Covin	Deceit; fraud; artifice.
Covinous	Deceitful; collusive; fraudulent; dishonest.
Cow	A chimney cap; a cowl
Cows	of Cow
Kine	of Cow
Cow	The mature female of bovine animals.
Cow	The female of certain large mammals, as whales, seals, etc.
Cowed	of Cow
Cowing	of Cow
Cow	To depress with fear; to daunt the spirits or courage of; to overawe.
Cow	A wedge, or brake, to check the motion of a machine or car; a chock.
Cowage	See Cowhage.
Cowan	One who works as a mason without having served a regular apprenticeship.
Coward	Borne in the escutcheon with his tail doubled between his legs; -- said of a lion.
Coward	Destitute of courage; timid; cowardly.
Coward	Belonging to a coward; proceeding from, or expressive of, base fear or timidity.
Coward	A person who lacks courage; a timid or pusillanimous person; a poltroon.
Coward	To make timorous; to frighten.
Cowardice	Want of courage to face danger; extreme timidity; pusillanimity; base fear of danger or hurt; lack of spirit.
Cowardie	Cowardice.
Cowardish	Cowardly.
Cowardize	To render cowardly
Cowardliness	Cowardice.
Cowardly	Wanting courage; basely or weakly timid or fearful; pusillanimous; spiritless.
Cowardly	Proceeding from fear of danger or other consequences; befitting a coward; dastardly; base; as, cowardly malignity.
Cowardly	In the manner of a coward.
Cowardship	Cowardice.
Cowbane	A poisonous umbelliferous plant; in England, the Cicuta virosa; in the United States, the Cicuta maculata and the Archemora rigida. See Water hemlock.
Cowberries	of Cowberry
Cowberry	A species of Vaccinium (V. Vitis-idaea), which bears acid red berries which are sometimes used in cookery; -- locally called mountain cranberry.
Cowbird	The cow blackbird (Molothrus ater), an American starling. Like the European cuckoo, it builds no nest, but lays its eggs in the nests of other birds; -- so called because frequently associated with cattle.
Cowblakes	Dried cow dung used as fuel.
Cowboy	A cattle herder; a drover; specifically, one of an adventurous class of herders and drovers on the plains of the Western and Southwestern United States.
Cowboy	One of the marauders who, in the Revolutionary War infested the neutral ground between the American and British lines, and committed depredations on the Americans.
Cowcatxjer	A strong inclined frame, usually of wrought-iron bars, in front of a locomotive engine, for catching or throwing off obstructions on a railway, as cattle; the pilot.
Cowdie	See Kauri.
Cowered	of Cower
Cowering	of Cower
Cower	To stoop by bending the knees; to crouch; to squat; hence, to quail; to sink through fear.
Cower	To cherish with care.
Cowfish	The grampus.
Cowfish	A California dolphin (Tursiops Gillii).
Cowfish	A marine plectognath fish (Ostracoin quadricorne, and allied species), having two projections, like horns, in front; -- called also cuckold, coffer fish, trunkfish.
Cowhage	A leguminous climbing plant of the genus Mucuna, having crooked pods covered with sharp hairs, which stick to the fingers, causing intolerable itching. The spiculae are sometimes used in medicine as a mechanical vermifuge.
Cowhearted	Cowardly.
Cowherd	One whose occupation is to tend cows.
Cowhide	The hide of a cow.
Cowhide	Leather made of the hide of a cow.
Cowhide	A coarse whip made of untanned leather.
Cowhided	of Cowhide
Cowhiding	of Cowhide
Cowhide	To flog with a cowhide.
Cowish	Timorous; fearful; cowardly.
Cowish	An umbelliferous plant (Peucedanum Cous) with edible tuberous roots, found in Oregon.
Cowitch	See Cowhage.
Cowl	A monk's hood; -- usually attached to the gown. The name was also applied to the hood and garment together.
Cowl	A cowl-shaped cap, commonly turning with the wind, used to improve the draft of a chimney, ventilating shaft, etc.
Cowl	A wire cap for the smokestack of a locomotive.
Cowl	A vessel carried on a pole between two persons, for conveyance of water.
Cowled	Wearing a cowl; hooded; as, a cowled monk.
Cowleech	One who heals diseases of cows; a cow doctor.
Cowleeching	Healing the distemper of cows.
Cowlick	A tuft of hair turned up or awry (usually over the forehead), as if licked by a cow.
Cowlike	Resembling a cow.
Cowlstaff	A staff or pole on which a vessel is supported between two persons.
Coworker	One who works with another; a co/perator.
Cow parsley	An umbelliferous plant of the genus Chaerophyllum (C. temulum and C. sylvestre).
Cow parsnip	A coarse umbelliferous weed of the genus Heracleum (H. sphondylium in England, and H. lanatum in America).
Cowpea	The seed of one or more leguminous plants of the genus Dolichos; also, the plant itself. Many varieties are cultivated in the southern part of the United States.
Cowper's glands	Two small glands discharging into the male urethra.
Cow-pilot	A handsomely banded, coral-reef fish, of Florida and the West Indies (Pomacentrus saxatilis); -- called also mojarra.
Cowpock	See Cowpox.
Cowpox	A pustular eruptive disease of the cow, which, when communicated to the human system, as by vaccination, protects from the smallpox; vaccinia; -- called also kinepox, cowpock, and kinepock.
Cowquake	A genus of plants (Briza); quaking grass.
Cowrie	Same as Kauri.
Cowries	of Cowry
Cowrie	Alt. of Cowry
Cowry	A marine shell of the genus Cypraea.
Cowslip	A common flower in England (Primula veris) having yellow blossoms and appearing in early spring. It is often cultivated in the United States.
Cowslip	In the United States, the marsh marigold (Caltha palustris), appearing in wet places in early spring and often used as a pot herb. It is nearer to a buttercup than to a true cowslip. See Illust. of Marsh marigold.
Cowslipped	Adorned with cowslips.
Cow's lungwort	Mullein.
Cow tree	A tree (Galactodendron utile or Brosimum Galactodendron) of South America, which yields, on incision, a nourishing fluid, resembling milk.
Cowweed	Same as Cow parsley.
Cowwheat	A weed of the genus Melampyrum, with black seeds, found on European wheatfields.
Cox	A coxcomb; a simpleton; a gull.
Coxa	The first joint of the leg of an insect or crustacean.
Coxalgia	Alt. of Coxalgy
Coxalgy	Pain in the hip.
Coxcomb	A strip of red cloth notched like the comb of a cock, which licensed jesters formerly wore in their caps.
Coxcomb	The cap itself.
Coxcomb	The top of the head, or the head itself
Coxcomb	A vain, showy fellow; a conceited, silly man, fond of display; a superficial pretender to knowledge or accomplishments; a fop.
Coxcomb	A name given to several plants of different genera, but particularly to Celosia cristata, or garden cockscomb. Same as Cockscomb.
Coxcombical	Befitting or indicating a coxcomb; like a coxcomb; foppish; conceited.
Coxcombly	like a coxcomb.
Coxcombry	The manners of a coxcomb; foppishness.
Coxcomical	Coxcombical.
Coxcomically	Conceitedly.
Coxswain	See Cockswain.
Coy	Quiet; still.
Coy	Shrinking from approach or familiarity; reserved; bashful; shy; modest; -- usually applied to women, sometimes with an implication of coquetry.
Coy	Soft; gentle; hesitating.
Coyed	of Coy
Coying	of Coy
Coy	To allure; to entice; to decoy.
Coy	To caress with the hand; to stroke.
Coy	To behave with reserve or coyness; to shrink from approach or familiarity.
Coy	To make difficulty; to be unwilling.
Coyish	Somewhat coy or reserved.
Coyly	In a coy manner; with reserve.
Coyness	The quality of being coy; feigned o/ bashful unwillingness to become familiar; reserve.
Coyote	A carnivorous animal (Canis latrans), allied to the dog, found in the western part of North America; -- called also prairie wolf. Its voice is a snapping bark, followed by a prolonged, shrill howl.
Coypu	A South American rodent (Myopotamus coypus), allied to the beaver. It produces a valuable fur called nutria.
Coystrel	Same as Coistril.
Coz	A contraction of cousin.
Cozened	of Cozen
Cozening	of Cozen
Cozen	To cheat; to defraud; to beguile; to deceive, usually by small arts, or in a pitiful way.
Cozen	To deceive; to cheat; to act deceitfully.
Cozenage	The art or practice of cozening; artifice; fraud.
Cozener	One who cheats or defrauds.
Cozier	See Cosier.
Cozily	Snugly; comfortably.
Coziness	The state or quality of being cozy.
Cozy	Snug; comfortable; easy; contented.
Cozy	Chatty; talkative; sociable; familiar.
Cozy	A wadded covering for a teakettle or other vessel to keep the contents hot.
Crab	One of the brachyuran Crustacea. They are mostly marine, and usually have a broad, short body, covered with a strong shell or carapace. The abdomen is small and curled up beneath the body.
Crab	The zodiacal constellation Cancer.
Crab	A crab apple; -- so named from its harsh taste.
Crab	A cudgel made of the wood of the crab tree; a crabstick.
Crab	A movable winch or windlass with powerful gearing, used with derricks, etc.
Crab	A form of windlass, or geared capstan, for hauling ships into dock, etc.
Crab	A machine used in ropewalks to stretch the yarn.
Crab	A claw for anchoring a portable machine.
Crab	To make sour or morose; to embitter.
Crab	To beat with a crabstick.
Crab	To drift sidewise or to leeward, as a vessel.
Crab	Sour; rough; austere.
Crabbed	Characterized by or manifesting, sourness, peevishness, or moroseness; harsh; cross; cynical; -- applied to feelings, disposition, or manners.
Crabbed	Characterized by harshness or roughness; unpleasant; -- applied to things; as, a crabbed taste.
Crabbed	Obscure; difficult; perplexing; trying; as, a crabbed author.
Crabbed	Cramped; irregular; as, crabbed handwriting.
Crabber	One who catches crabs.
Crabbing	The act or art of catching crabs.
Crabbing	The fighting of hawks with each other.
Crabbing	A process of scouring cloth between rolls in a machine.
Crabbish	Somewhat sour or cross.
Crabby	Crabbed; difficult, or perplexing.
Crabeater	The cobia.
Crabeater	An etheostomoid fish of the southern United States (Hadropterus nigrofasciatus).
Crabeater	A small European heron (Ardea minuta, and other allied species).
Craber	The water rat.
Crabfaced	Having a sour, disagreeable countenance.
Crabsidle	To move sidewise, as a crab. [Jocular].
Crabstick	A stick, cane, or cudgel, made of the wood of the crab tree.
Crab tree	See under Crab.
Crab-yaws	A disease in the West Indies. It is a kind of ulcer on the soles of the feet, with very hard edges. See Yaws.
Crache	To scratch.
Cracked	of Crack
Cracking	of Crack
Crack	To break or burst, with or without entire separation of the parts; as, to crack glass; to crack nuts.
Crack	To rend with grief or pain; to affect deeply with sorrow; hence, to disorder; to distract; to craze.
Crack	To cause to sound suddenly and sharply; to snap; as, to crack a whip.
Crack	To utter smartly and sententiously; as, to crack a joke.
Crack	To cry up; to extol; -- followed by up.
Crack	To burst or open in chinks; to break, with or without quite separating into parts.
Crack	To be ruined or impaired; to fail.
Crack	To utter a loud or sharp, sudden sound.
Crack	To utter vain, pompous words; to brag; to boast; -- with of.
Crack	A partial separation of parts, with or without a perceptible opening; a chink or fissure; a narrow breach; a crevice; as, a crack in timber, or in a wall, or in glass.
Crack	Rupture; flaw; breach, in a moral sense.
Crack	A sharp, sudden sound or report; the sound of anything suddenly burst or broken; as, the crack of a falling house; the crack of thunder; the crack of a whip.
Crack	The tone of voice when changed at puberty.
Crack	Mental flaw; a touch of craziness; partial insanity; as, he has a crack.
Crack	A crazy or crack-brained person.
Crack	A boast; boasting.
Crack	Breach of chastity.
Crack	A boy, generally a pert, lively boy.
Crack	A brief time; an instant; as, to be with one in a crack.
Crack	Free conversation; friendly chat.
Crack	Of superior excellence; having qualities to be boasted of.
Crack-brained	Having an impaired intellect; whimsical; crazy.
Cracked	Coarsely ground or broken; as, cracked wheat.
Cracked	Crack-brained.
Cracker	One who, or that which, cracks.
Cracker	A noisy boaster; a swaggering fellow.
Cracker	A small firework, consisting of a little powder inclosed in a thick paper cylinder with a fuse, and exploding with a sharp noise; -- often called firecracker.
Cracker	A thin, dry biscuit, often hard or crisp; as, a Boston cracker; a Graham cracker; a soda cracker; an oyster cracker.
Cracker	A nickname to designate a poor white in some parts of the Southern United States.
Cracker	The pintail duck.
Cracker	A pair of fluted rolls for grinding caoutchouc.
Crackle	To make slight cracks; to make small, sharp, sudden noises, rapidly or frequently repeated; to crepitate; as, burning thorns crackle.
Crackle	The noise of slight and frequent cracks or reports; a crackling.
Crackle	A kind of crackling sound or r/le, heard in some abnormal states of the lungs; as, dry crackle; moist crackle.
Crackle	A condition produced in certain porcelain, fine earthenware, or glass, in which the glaze or enamel appears to be cracked in all directions, making a sort of reticulated surface; as, Chinese crackle; Bohemian crackle.
Crackled	Covered with minute cracks in the glaze; -- said of some kinds of porcelain and fine earthenware.
Crackleware	See Crackle, n., 3.
Crackling	The making of small, sharp cracks or reports, frequently repeated.
Crackling	The well-browned, crisp rind of roasted pork.
Crackling	Food for dogs, made from the refuse of tallow melting.
Cracknel	A hard brittle cake or biscuit.
Cracksmen	of Cracksman
Cracksman	A burglar.
Cracovian	Of or pertaining to Cracow in Poland.
Cracovienne	A lively Polish dance, in 2-4 time.
Cracowes	Long-toed boots or shoes formerly worn in many parts of Europe; -- so called from Cracow, in Poland, where they were first worn in the fourteenth century.
Cradle	A bed or cot for a baby, oscillating on rockers or swinging on pivots; hence, the place of origin, or in which anything is nurtured or protected in the earlier period of existence; as, a cradle of crime; the cradle of liberty.
Cradle	Infancy, or very early life.
Cradle	An implement consisting of a broad scythe for cutting grain, with a set of long fingers parallel to the scythe, designed to receive the grain, and to lay it evenly in a swath.
Cradle	A tool used in mezzotint engraving, which, by a rocking motion, raises burrs on the surface of the plate, so preparing the ground.
Cradle	A framework of timbers, or iron bars, moving upon ways or rollers, used to support, lift, or carry ships or other vessels, heavy guns, etc., as up an inclined plane, or across a strip of land, or in launching a ship.
Cradle	A case for a broken or dislocated limb.
Cradle	A frame to keep the bedclothes from contact with the person.
Cradle	A machine on rockers, used in washing out auriferous earth; -- also called a rocker.
Cradle	A suspended scaffold used in shafts.
Cradle	The ribbing for vaulted ceilings and arches intended to be covered with plaster.
Cradle	The basket or apparatus in which, when a line has been made fast to a wrecked ship from the shore, the people are brought off from the wreck.
Cradled	of Cradle
Cradling	of Cradle
Cradle	To lay to rest, or rock, as in a cradle; to lull or quiet, as by rocking.
Cradle	To nurse or train in infancy.
Cradle	To cut and lay with a cradle, as grain.
Cradle	To transport a vessel by means of a cradle.
Cradle	To lie or lodge, as in a cradle.
Cradling	The act of using a cradle.
Cradling	Cutting a cask into two pieces lengthwise, to enable it to pass a narrow place, the two parts being afterward united and rehooped.
Cradling	The framework in arched or coved ceilings to which the laths are nailed.
Craft	Strength; might; secret power.
Craft	Art or skill; dexterity in particular manual employment; hence, the occupation or employment itself; manual art; a trade.
Craft	Those engaged in any trade, taken collectively; a guild; as, the craft of ironmongers.
Craft	Cunning, art, or skill, in a bad sense, or applied to bad purposes; artifice; guile; skill or dexterity employed to effect purposes by deceit or shrewd devices.
Craft	A vessel; vessels of any kind; -- generally used in a collective sense.
Craft	To play tricks; to practice artifice.
Craftily	With craft; artfully; cunningly.
Craftiness	Dexterity in devising and effecting a purpose; cunning; artifice; stratagem.
Craftless	Without craft or cunning.
Craftsmen	of Craftsman
Craftsman	One skilled in some trade or manual occupation; an artificer; a mechanic.
Craftsmanship	The work of a craftsman.
Craftsmaster	One skilled in his craft or trade; one of superior cunning.
Crafty	Relating to, or characterized by, craft or skill; dexterous.
Crafty	Possessing dexterity; skilled; skillful.
Crafty	Skillful at deceiving others; characterized by craft; cunning; wily.
Crag	A steep, rugged rock; a rough, broken cliff, or point of a rock, on a ledge.
Crag	A partially compacted bed of gravel mixed with shells, of the Tertiary age.
Crag	The neck or throat
Crag	The neck piece or scrag of mutton.
Cragged	Full of crags, or steep, broken //cks; abounding with prominences, points, and inequalities; rough; rugged.
Cradgedness	The quality or state of being cragged; cragginess.
Cragginess	The state of being craggy.
Craggy	Full of crags; rugged with projecting points of rocks; as, the craggy side of a mountain.
Cragsmen	of Cragsman
Cragsman	One accustomed to climb rocks or crags; esp., one who makes a business of climbing the cliffs overhanging the sea to get the eggs of sea birds or the birds themselves.
Craie	See Crare.
Craig flounder	The pole flounder.
Crail	A creel or osier basket.
Crake	To cry out harshly and loudly, like the bird called crake.
Crake	To boast; to speak loudly and boastfully.
Crake	A boast. See Crack, n.
Crake	Any species or rail of the genera Crex and Porzana; -- so called from its singular cry. See Corncrake.
Crakeberry	See Crowberry.
Craker	One who boasts; a braggart.
Crammed	of Cram
Cramming	of Cram
Cram	To press, force, or drive, particularly in filling, or in thrusting one thing into another; to stuff; to crowd; to fill to superfluity; as, to cram anything into a basket; to cram a room with people.
Cram	To fill with food to satiety; to stuff.
Cram	To put hastily through an extensive course of memorizing or study, as in preparation for an examination; as, a pupil is crammed by his tutor.
Cram	To eat greedily, and to satiety; to stuff.
Cram	To make crude preparation for a special occasion, as an examination, by a hasty and extensive course of memorizing or study.
Cram	The act of cramming.
Cram	Information hastily memorized; as, a cram from an examination.
Cram	A warp having more than two threads passing through each dent or split of the reed.
Crambo	A game in which one person gives a word, to which another finds a rhyme.
Crambo	A word rhyming with another word.
Crammer	One who crams; esp., one who prepares a pupil hastily for an examination, or a pupil who is thus prepared.
Cramoisie	Alt. of Cramoisy
Cramoisy	Crimson.
Cramp	That which confines or contracts; a restraint; a shackle; a hindrance.
Cramp	A device, usually of iron bent at the ends, used to hold together blocks of stone, timbers, etc.; a cramp iron.
Cramp	A rectangular frame, with a tightening screw, used for compressing the joints of framework, etc.
Cramp	A piece of wood having a curve corresponding to that of the upper part of the instep, on which the upper leather of a boot is stretched to give it the requisite shape.
Cramp	A spasmodic and painful involuntary contraction of a muscle or muscles, as of the leg.
Cramped	of Cramp
Cramping	of Cramp
Cramp	To compress; to restrain from free action; to confine and contract; to hinder.
Cramp	To fasten or hold with, or as with, a cramp.
Cramp	to bind together; to unite.
Cramp	To form on a cramp; as, to cramp boot legs.
Cramp	To afflict with cramp.
Cramp	Knotty; difficult.
Crampet	A cramp iron or cramp ring; a chape, as of a scabbard.
Crampfish	The torpedo, or electric ray, the touch of which gives an electric shock. See Electric fish, and Torpedo.
Cramp iron	See Cramp, n., 2.
Crampit	See Crampet.
Crampon	An a/rial rootlet for support in climbing, as of ivy.
Cramponee	Having a cramp or square piece at the end; -- said of a cross so furnished.
Crampoons	A clutch formed of hooked pieces of iron, like double calipers, for raising stones, lumber, blocks of ice, etc.
Crampoons	Iron instruments with sharp points, worn on the shoes to assist in gaining or keeping a foothold.
Crampy	Affected with cramp.
Crampy	Productive of, or abounding in, cramps.
Cran	Alt. of Crane
Crane	A measure for fresh herrings, -- as many as will fill a barrel.
Cranage	The liberty of using a crane, as for loading and unloading vessels.
Cranage	The money or price paid for the use of a crane.
Cranberries	of Cranberry
Cranberry	A red, acid berry, much used for making sauce, etc.; also, the plant producing it (several species of Vaccinum or Oxycoccus.) The high cranberry or cranberry tree is a species of Viburnum (V. Opulus), and the other is sometimes called low cranberry or marsh cranberry to distinguish it.
Cranch	See Craunch.
Crane	A wading bird of the genus Grus, and allied genera, of various species, having a long, straight bill, and long legs and neck.
Crane	A machine for raising and lowering heavy weights, and, while holding them suspended, transporting them through a limited lateral distance. In one form it consists of a projecting arm or jib of timber or iron, a rotating post or base, and the necessary tackle, windlass, etc.; -- so called from a fancied similarity between its arm and the neck of a crane See Illust. of Derrick.
Crane	An iron arm with horizontal motion, attached to the side or back of a fireplace, for supporting kettles, etc., over a fire.
Crane	A siphon, or bent pipe, for drawing liquors out of a cask.
Crane	A forked post or projecting bracket to support spars, etc., -- generally used in pairs. See Crotch, 2.
Craned	of Crane
Craning	of Crane
Crane	To cause to rise; to raise or lift, as by a crane; -- with up.
Crane	To stretch, as a crane stretches its neck; as, to crane the neck disdainfully.
Crane	to reach forward with head and neck, in order to see better; as, a hunter cranes forward before taking a leap.
Crane's-bill	The geranium; -- so named from the long axis of the fruit, which resembles the beak of a crane.
Crane's-bill	A pair of long-beaked forceps.
Crang	See Krang.
Crania	A genus of living Brachiopoda; -- so called from its fancied resemblance to the cranium or skull.
Cranial	Of or pertaining to the cranium.
Cranioclasm	The crushing of a child's head, as with the cranioclast or craniotomy forceps in cases of very difficult delivery.
Cranioclast	An instrument for crushing the head of a fetus, to facilitate delivery in difficult eases.
Craniofacial	Of or pertaining to the cranium and face; as, the craniofacial angle.
Craniognomy	The science of the form and characteristics of the skull.
Craniological	Of or pertaining to craniology.
Craniologist	One proficient in craniology; a phrenologist.
Craniology	The department of science (as of ethnology or archaeology) which deals with the shape, size, proportions, indications, etc., of skulls; the study of skulls.
Craniometer	An instrument for measuring the size of skulls.
Craniometric	Alt. of Craniometrical
Craniometrical	Pertaining to craniometry.
Craniometry	The art or act of measuring skulls.
Cranioscopist	One skilled in, or who practices, cranioscopy.
Cranioscopy	Scientific examination of the cranium.
Craniota	A comprehensive division of the Vertebrata, including all those that have a skull.
Craniotomy	The operation of opening the fetal head, in order to effect delivery.
Craniums	of Cranium
Crania	of Cranium
Cranium	The skull of an animal; especially, that part of the skull, either cartilaginous or bony, which immediately incloses the brain; the brain case or brainpan. See Skull.
Crank	A bent portion of an axle, or shaft, or an arm keyed at right angles to the end of a shaft, by which motion is imparted to or received from it; also used to change circular into reciprocating motion, or reciprocating into circular motion. See Bell crank.
Crank	Any bend, turn, or winding, as of a passage.
Crank	A twist or turn in speech; a conceit consisting in a change of the form or meaning of a word.
Crank	A twist or turn of the mind; caprice; whim; crotchet; also, a fit of temper or passion.
Crank	A person full of crotchets; one given to fantastic or impracticable projects; one whose judgment is perverted in respect to a particular matter.
Crank	A sick person; an invalid.
Crank	Sick; infirm.
Crank	Liable to careen or be overset, as a ship when she is too narrow, or has not sufficient ballast, or is loaded too high, to carry full sail.
Crank	Full of spirit; brisk; lively; sprightly; overconfident; opinionated.
Crank	To run with a winding course; to double; to crook; to wind and turn.
Crankbird	A small European woodpecker (Picus minor).
Cranked	Formed with, or having, a bend or crank; as, a cranked axle.
Crankiness	Crankness.
Crankle	To break into bends, turns, or angles; to crinkle.
Crankle	To bend, turn, or wind.
Crankle	A bend or turn; a twist; a crinkle.
Crankness	Liability to be overset; -- said of a ship or other vessel.
Crankness	Sprightliness; vigor; health.
Cranky	Full of spirit; crank.
Cranky	Addicted to crotchets and whims; unreasonable in opinions; crotchety.
Cranky	Unsteady; easy to upset; crank.
Crannied	Having crannies, chinks, or fissures; as, a crannied wall.
Crannog	Alt. of Crannoge
Crannoge	One of the stockaded islands in Scotland and Ireland which in ancient times were numerous in the lakes of both countries. They may be regarded as the very latest class of prehistoric strongholds, reaching their greatest development in early historic times, and surviving through the Middle Ages. See also Lake dwellings, under Lake.
Crannies	of Cranny
Cranny	A small, narrow opening, fissure, crevice, or chink, as  in a wall, or other substance.
Cranny	A tool for forming the necks of bottles, etc.
Crannied	of Cranny
Crannying	of Cranny
Cranny	To crack into, or become full of, crannies.
Cranny	To haunt, or enter by, crannies.
Cranny	Quick; giddy; thoughtless.
Crantara	The fiery cross, used as a rallying signal in the Highlands of Scotland.
Crants	A garland carried before the bier of a maiden.
Crapaudine	Turning on pivots at the top and bottom; -- said of a door.
Crapaudine	An ulcer on the coronet of a horse.
Crape	A thin, crimped stuff, made of raw silk gummed and twisted on the mill. Black crape is much used for mourning garments, also for the dress of some clergymen.
Craped	of Crape
Craping	of Crape
Crape	To form into ringlets; to curl; to crimp; to friz; as, to crape the hair; to crape silk.
Crapefish	Salted codfish hardened by pressure.
Crapnel	A hook or drag; a grapnel.
Crappie	A kind of fresh-water bass of the genus Pomoxys, found in the rivers of the Southern United States and Mississippi valley. There are several species.
Crapple	A claw.
Craps	A gambling game with dice.
Crapula	Alt. of Crapule
Crapule	Same as Crapulence.
Crapulence	The sickness occasioned by intemperance; surfeit.
Crapulent	Alt. of Crapulous
Crapulous	Surcharged with liquor; sick from excessive indulgence in liquor; drunk; given to excesses.
Crapy	Resembling crape.
Crare	A slow unwieldy trading vessel.
Crase	To break in pieces; to crack.
Crashed	of Crash
Crashing	of Crash
Crash	To break in pieces violently; to dash together with noise and violence.
Crash	To make a loud, clattering sound, as of many things falling and breaking at once; to break in pieces with a harsh noise.
Crash	To break with violence and noise; as, the chimney in falling crashed through the roof.
Crash	A loud, sudden, confused sound, as of many things falling and breaking at once.
Crash	Ruin; failure; sudden breaking down, as of a business house or a commercial enterprise.
Crash	Coarse, heavy, narrow linen cloth, used esp. for towels.
Crashing	The noise of many things falling and breaking at once.
Crasis	A mixture of constituents, as of the blood; constitution; temperament.
Crasis	A contraction of two vowels (as the final and initial vowels of united words) into one long vowel, or into a diphthong; synaeresis; as, cogo for coago.
Craspedota	The hydroid or naked-eyed medusae. See Hydroidea.
Craspedote	Of or pertaining to the Craspedota.
Crass	Gross; thick; dense; coarse; not elaborated or refined.
Crassament	Alt. of Crassamentum
Crassamentum	A semisolid mass or clot, especially that formed in coagulation of the blood.
Crassiment	See Crassament.
Crassitude	Grossness; coarseness; thickness; density.
Crassness	Grossness.
Crastination	Procrastination; a putting off till to-morrow.
Crataegus	A genus of small, hardy trees, including the hawthorn, much used for ornamental purposes.
Cratch	A manger or open frame for hay; a crib; a rack.
Crate	A large basket or hamper of wickerwork, used for the transportation of china, crockery, and similar wares.
Crate	A box or case whose sides are of wooden slats with interspaces, -- used especially for transporting fruit.
Crated	of Crate
Crating	of Crate
Crate	To pack in a crate or case for transportation; as, to crate a sewing machine; to crate peaches.
Crater	The basinlike opening or mouth of a volcano, through which the chief eruption comes; similarly, the mouth of a geyser, about which a cone of silica is often built up.
Crater	The pit left by the explosion of a mine.
Crater	A constellation of the southen hemisphere; -- called also the Cup.
Crateriform	Having the form of a shallow bowl; -- said of a corolla.
Craterous	Pertaining to, or resembling, a crater.
Craunched	of Craunch
Craunching	of Craunch
Craunch	To crush with the teeth; to chew with violence and noise; to crunch.
Cravat	A neckcloth; a piece of silk, fine muslin, or other cloth, worn by men about the neck.
Cravatted	Wearing a cravat.
Craved	of Crave
Craving	of Crave
Crave	To ask with earnestness or importunity; to ask with submission or humility; to beg; to entreat; to beseech; to implore.
Crave	To call for, as a gratification; to long for; hence, to require or demand; as, the stomach craves food.
Crave	To desire strongly; to feel an insatiable longing; as, a craving appetite.
Craven	Cowardly; fainthearted; spiritless.
Craven	A recreant; a coward; a weak-hearted, spiritless fellow. See Recreant, n.
Cravened	of Craven
Cravening	of Craven
Craven	To make recreant, weak, spiritless, or cowardly.
Craver	One who craves or begs.
Craving	Vehement or urgent desire; longing for; beseeching.
Craw	The crop of a bird.
Craw	The stomach of an animal.
-fishes	of Crayfish
-fish	of Crayfish
Crawfish	Alt. of Crayfish
Crayfish	Any crustacean of the family Astacidae, resembling the lobster, but smaller, and found in fresh waters. Crawfishes are esteemed very delicate food both in Europe and America. The North American species are numerous and mostly belong to the genus Cambarus. The blind crawfish of the Mammoth Cave is Cambarus pellucidus. The common European species is Astacus fluviatilis.
Crawford	A Crawford peach; a well-known freestone peach, with yellow flesh, first raised by Mr. William Crawford, of New Jersey.
Crawled	of Crawl
Crawling	of Crawl
Crawl	To move slowly by drawing the body along the ground, as a worm; to move slowly on hands and knees; to creep.
Crawl	to move or advance in a feeble, slow, or timorous manner.
Crawl	To advance slowly and furtively; to insinuate one's self; to advance or gain influence by servile or obsequious conduct.
Crawl	To have a sensation as of insect creeping over the body; as, the flesh crawls.  See Creep, v. i., 7.
Crawl	The act or motion of crawling; slow motion, as of a creeping animal.
Crawl	A pen or inclosure of stakes and hurdles on the seacoast, for holding fish.
Crawler	One who, or that which, crawls; a creeper; a reptile.
Crawly	Creepy.
Cray	Alt. of Crayer
Crayer	See Crare.
Crayfish	See Crawfish.
Crayon	An implement for drawing, made of clay and plumbago, or of some preparation of chalk, usually sold in small prisms or cylinders.
Crayon	A crayon drawing.
Crayon	A pencil of carbon used in producing electric light.
Crayoned	of Crayon
Crayoning	of Crayon
Crayon	To sketch, as with a crayon; to sketch or plan.
Crazed	of Craze
Crazing	of Craze
Craze	To break into pieces; to crush; to grind to powder. See Crase.
Craze	To weaken; to impair; to render decrepit.
Craze	To derange the intellect of; to render insane.
Craze	To be crazed, or to act or appear as one that is crazed; to rave; to become insane.
Craze	To crack, as the glazing of porcelain or pottery.
Craze	Craziness; insanity.
Craze	A strong habitual desire or fancy; a crotchet.
Craze	A temporary passion or infatuation, as for same new amusement, pursuit, or fashion; as, the bric-a-brac craze; the aesthetic craze.
Crazedness	A broken state; decrepitude; an impaired state of the intellect.
Craze-mill	Alt. of Crazing-mill
Crazing-mill	A mill for grinding tin ore.
Crazily	In a crazy manner.
Craziness	The state of being broken down or weakened; as, the craziness of a ship, or of the limbs.
Craziness	The state of being broken in mind; imbecility or weakness of intellect; derangement.
Crazy	Characterized by weakness or feebleness; decrepit; broken; falling to decay; shaky; unsafe.
Crazy	Broken, weakened, or dissordered in intellect; shattered; demented; deranged.
Crazy	Inordinately desirous; foolishly eager.
Creable	Capable of being created.
Creaght	A drove or herd.
Creaght	To graze.
Creaked	of Creak
Creaking	of Creak
Creak	To make a prolonged sharp grating or squeaking sound, as by the friction of hard substances; as, shoes creak.
Creak	To produce a creaking sound with.
Creak	The sound produced by anything that creaks; a creaking.
Creaking	A harsh grating or squeaking sound, or the act of making such a sound.
Cream	The rich, oily, and yellowish part of milk, which, when the milk stands unagitated, rises, and collects on the surface. It is the part of milk from which butter is obtained.
Cream	The part of any liquor that rises, and collects on the surface.
Cream	A delicacy of several kinds prepared for the table from cream, etc., or so as to resemble cream.
Cream	A cosmetic; a creamlike medicinal preparation.
Cream	The best or choicest part of a thing; the quintessence; as, the cream of a jest or story; the cream of a collection of books or pictures.
Creamed	of Cream
Creaming	of Cream
Cream	To skim, or take off by skimming, as cream.
Cream	To take off the best or choicest part of.
Cream	To furnish with, or as with, cream.
Cream	To form or become covered with cream; to become thick like cream; to assume the appearance of cream; hence, to grow stiff or formal; to mantle.
Creamcake	A kind of cake filled with custard made of cream, eggs, etc.
Cream-colored	Of the color of cream; light yellow.
Creameries	of Creamery
Creamery	A place where butter and cheese are made, or where milk and cream are put up in cans for market.
Creamery	A place or apparatus in which milk is set for raising cream.
Creamery	An establishment where cream is sold.
Cream-faced	White or pale, as the effect of fear, or as the natural complexion.
Cream-fruit	A plant of Sierra Leone which yields a wholesome, creamy juice.
Creaminess	The quality of being creamy.
Cream laid	See under Laid.
Cream-slice	A wooden knife with a long thin blade, used in handling cream or ice cream.
Cream-white	As white as cream.
Creamy	Full of, or containing, cream; resembling cream, in nature, appearance, or taste; creamlike; unctuous.
Creance	Faith; belief; creed.
Creance	A fine, small line, fastened to a hawk's leash, when it is first lured.
Creance	To get on credit; to borrow.
Creant	Creative; formative.
Crease	See Creese.
Crease	A line or mark made by folding or doubling any pliable substance; hence, a similar mark, however produced.
Crease	One of the lines serving to define the limits of the bowler and the striker.
Creased	of Crease
Creasing	of Crease
Crease	To make a crease or mark in, as by folding or doubling.
Creaser	A tool, or a sewing-machine attachment, for making lines or creases on leather or cloth, as guides to sew by.
Creaser	A tool for making creases or beads, as in sheet iron, or for rounding small tubes.
Creaser	A tool for making the band impression distinct on the back.
Creasing	A layer of tiles forming a corona for a wall.
Creasote	See Creosote.
Creasy	Full of creases.
Creat	An usher to a riding master.
Creatable	That may be created.
Create	Created; composed; begotten.
Created	of Create
Creating	of Create
Create	To bring into being; to form out of nothing; to cause to exist.
Create	To effect by the agency, and under the laws, of causation; to be the occasion of; to cause; to produce; to form or fashion; to renew.
Create	To invest with a new form, office, or character; to constitute; to appoint; to make; as, to create one a peer.
Creatic	Relating to, or produced by, flesh or animal food; as, creatic nausea.
Creatin	A white, crystalline, nitrogenous substance found abundantly in muscle tissue.
Creatinin	A white, crystalline, nitrogenous body closely related to creatin but more basic in its properties, formed from the latter by the action of acids, and occurring naturally in muscle tissue and in urine.
Creation	The act of creating or causing to exist. Specifically, the act of bringing the universe or this world into existence.
Creation	That which is created; that which is produced or caused to exist, as the world or some original work of art or of the imagination; nature.
Creation	The act of constituting or investing with a new character; appointment; formation.
Creational	Of or pertaining to creation.
Creationism	The doctrine that a soul is specially created for each human being as soon as it is formed in the womb; -- opposed to traducianism.
Creative	Having the power to create; exerting the act of creation.
Creativeness	The quality of being creative.
Cretor	One who creates, produces, or constitutes. Specifically, the Supreme Being.
Creatorship	State or condition of a creator.
Creatress	She who creates.
Creatrix	A creatress.
Creatural	Belonging to a creature; having the qualities of a creature.
Creature	Anything created; anything not self-existent; especially, any being created with life; an animal; a man.
Creature	A human being, in pity, contempt, or endearment; as, a poor creature; a pretty creature.
Creature	A person who owes his rise and fortune to another; a servile dependent; an instrument; a tool.
Creature	A general term among farmers for horses, oxen, etc.
Cratureless	Without created beings; alone.
Creaturely	Creatural; characteristic of a creature.
Creatureship	The condition of being a creature.
Creaturize	To make like a creature; to degrade
Creaze	The tin ore which collects in the central part of the washing pit or buddle.
Crebricostate	Marked with closely set ribs or ridges.
Crebrisulcate	Marked with closely set transverse furrows.
Crebritude	Frequency.
Crebrous	Frequent; numerous.
Cr/che	A public nursery, where the young children of poor women are cared for during the day, while their mothers are at work.
Credence	Reliance of the mind on evidence of facts derived from other sources than personal knowledge; belief; credit; confidence.
Credence	That which gives a claim to credit, belief, or confidence; as, a letter of credence.
Credence	The small table by the side of the altar or communion table, on which the bread and wine are placed before being consecrated.
Credence	A cupboard, sideboard, or cabinet, particularly one intended for the display of rich vessels or plate, and consisting chiefly of open shelves for that purpose.
Credence	To give credence to; to believe.
Credenda	of Credendum
Credendum	A thing to be believed; an article of faith; -- distinguished from agendum, a practical duty.
Credent	Believing; giving credence; credulous.
Credent	Having credit or authority; credible.
Credential	Giving a title or claim to credit or confidence; accrediting.
Credential	That which gives a title to credit or confidence.
Credential	Testimonials showing that a person is entitled to credit, or has right to exercise official power, as the letters given by a government to an ambassador or envoy, or a certificate that one is a duly elected delegate.
Credibility	The quality of being credible; credibleness; as, the credibility of facts; the credibility of witnesses.
Credible	Capable of being credited or believed; worthy of belief; entitled to confidence; trustworthy.
Credibleness	The quality or state of being credible; worthiness of belief; credibility.
Credibly	In a manner inducing belief; as, I have been credibly informed of the event.
Credit	Reliance on the truth of something said or done; belief; faith; trust; confidence.
Credit	Reputation derived from the confidence of others; esteem; honor; good name; estimation.
Credit	A ground of, or title to, belief or confidence; authority derived from character or reputation.
Credit	That which tends to procure, or add to, reputation or esteem; an honor.
Credit	Influence derived from the good opinion, confidence, or favor of others; interest.
Credit	Trust given or received; expectation of future playment for property transferred, or of fulfillment or promises given; mercantile reputation entitling one to be trusted; -- applied to individuals, corporations, communities, or nations; as, to buy goods on credit.
Credit	The time given for payment for lands or goods sold on trust; as, a long credit or a short credit.
Credit	The side of an account on which are entered all items reckoned as values received from the party or the category named at the head of the account; also, any one, or the sum, of these items; -- the opposite of debit; as, this sum is carried to one's credit, and that to his debit; A has several credits on the books of B.
Credited	of Credit
Crediting	of Credit
Credit	To confide in the truth of; to give credence to; to put trust in; to believe.
Credit	To bring honor or repute upon; to do credit to; to raise the estimation of.
Credit	To enter upon the credit side of an account; to give credit for; as, to credit the amount paid; to set to the credit of; as, to credit a man with the interest paid on a bond.
Creditable	Worthy of belief.
Creditable	Deserving or possessing reputation or esteem; reputable; estimable.
Creditable	Bringing credit, reputation, or honor; honorable; as, such conduct is highly creditable to him.
Creditableness	The quality of being creditable.
Creditably	In a creditable manner; reputably; with credit.
Credit foncier	A company licensed for the purpose of carrying out improvements, by means of loans and advances upon real securities.
Credit mobilier	A joint stock company, formed for general banking business, or for the construction of public works, by means of loans on personal estate, after the manner of the credit foncier on real estate. In practice, however, this distinction has not been strictly observed.
Creditor	One who credits, believes, or trusts.
Creditor	One who gives credit in business matters; hence, one to whom money is due; -- correlative to debtor.
Creditress	Alt. of Creditrix
Creditrix	A female creditor.
Credo	The creed, as sung or read in the Roman Catholic church.
Credulity	Readiness of belief; a disposition to believe on slight evidence.
Credulous	Apt to believe on slight evidence; easily imposed upon; unsuspecting.
Credulous	Believed too readily.
Credulously	With credulity.
Credulousness	Readiness to believe on slight evidence; credulity.
Creed	A definite summary of what is believed; esp., a summary of the articles of Christian faith; a confession of faith for public use; esp., one which is brief and comprehensive.
Creed	Any summary of principles or opinions professed or adhered to.
Creed	To believe; to credit.
Creedless	Without a creed.
Creek	A small inlet or bay, narrower and extending further into the land than a cove; a recess in the shore of the sea, or of a river.
Creek	A stream of water smaller than a river and larger than a brook.
Creek	Any turn or winding.
Creekfish	The chub sucker.
Creeks	A tribe or confederacy of North American Indians, including the Muskogees, Seminoles, Uchees, and other subordinate tribes. They formerly inhabited Georgia, Florida, and Alabama.
Creeky	Containing, or abounding in, creeks; characterized by creeks; like a creek; winding.
Creel	An osier basket, such as anglers use.
Creel	A bar or set of bars with skewers for holding paying-off bobbins, as in the roving machine, throstle, and mule.
Crept	of Creep
Crope	of Creep
Crept	of Creep
Creeping	of Creep
Creep	To move along the ground, or on any other surface, on the belly, as a worm or reptile; to move as a child on the hands and knees; to crawl.
Creep	To move slowly, feebly, or timorously, as from unwillingness, fear, or weakness.
Creep	To move in a stealthy or secret manner; to move imperceptibly or clandestinely; to steal in; to insinuate itself or one's self; as, age creeps upon us.
Creep	To slip, or to become slightly displaced; as, the collodion on a negative, or a coat of varnish, may creep in drying; the quicksilver on a mirror may creep.
Creep	To move or behave with servility or exaggerated humility; to fawn; as, a creeping sycophant.
Creep	To grow, as a vine, clinging to the ground or to some other support by means of roots or rootlets, or by tendrils, along its length.
Creep	To have a sensation as of insects creeping on the skin of the body; to crawl; as, the sight made my flesh creep. See Crawl, v. i., 4.
Creep	To drag in deep water with creepers, as for recovering a submarine cable.
Creep	The act or process of creeping.
Creep	A distressing sensation, or sound, like that occasioned by the creeping of insects.
Creep	A slow rising of the floor of a gallery, occasioned by the pressure of incumbent strata upon the pillars or sides; a gradual movement of mining ground.
Creeper	One who, or that which, creeps; any creeping thing.
Creeper	A plant that clings by rootlets, or by tendrils, to the ground, or to trees, etc.; as, the Virginia creeper (Ampelopsis quinquefolia).
Creeper	A small bird of the genus Certhia, allied to the wrens. The brown or common European creeper is C. familiaris, a variety of which (var. Americana) inhabits America; -- called also tree creeper and creeptree. The American black and white creeper is Mniotilta varia.
Creeper	A kind of patten mounted on short pieces of iron instead of rings; also, a fixture with iron points worn on a shoe to prevent one from slipping.
Creeper	A spurlike device strapped to the boot, which enables one to climb a tree or pole; -- called often telegraph creepers.
Creeper	A small, low iron, or dog, between the andirons.
Creeper	An instrument with iron hooks or claws for dragging at the bottom of a well, or any other body of water, and bringing up what may lie there.
Creeper	Any device for causing material to move steadily from one part of a machine to another, as an apron in a carding machine, or an inner spiral in a grain screen.
Creeper	Crockets. See Crocket.
Creephole	A hole or retreat into which an animal may creep, to escape notice or danger.
Creephole	A subterfuge; an excuse.
Creepie	A low stool.
Creepiness	An uneasy sensation as of insects creeping on the skin.
Creeping	Crawling, or moving close to the ground.
Creeping	Growing along, and clinging to, the ground, or to a wall, etc., by means of rootlets or tendrils.
Creepingly	by creeping slowly; in the manner of a reptile; insidiously; cunningly.
Creeple	A creeping creature; a reptile.
Creeple	One who is lame; a cripple.
Creepy	Crawly; having or producing a sensation like that caused by insects creeping on the skin.
Crees	An Algonquin tribe of Indians, inhabiting a large part of British America east of the Rocky Mountains and south of Hudson's Bay.
Creese	A dagger or short sword used by the Malays, commonly having a serpentine blade.
Cremaillere	An indented or zigzaged line of intrenchment.
Cremaster	A thin muscle which serves to draw up the testicle.
Cremaster	The apex of the last abdominal segment of an insect.
Cremasteric	Of or pertaining to the cremaster; as, the cremasteric artery.
Cremate	To burn; to reduce to ashes by the action of fire, either directly or in an oven or retort; to incremate or incinerate; as, to cremate a corpse, instead of burying it.
Cremation	A burning; esp., the act or practice of cremating the dead.
Cremationist	One who advocates the practice of cremation.
Cremator	One who, or that which, cremates or consumes to ashes.
Crematoriums	of Crematory
Crematories	of Crematory
Crematorium	Alt. of Crematory
Crematory	A furnace for cremating corpses; a building containing such a furnace.
Crematory	Pertaining to, or employed in, cremation.
Cremocarp	The peculiar fruit of fennel, carrot, parsnip, and the like, consisting of a pair of carpels pendent from a supporting axis.
Cremona	A superior kind of violin, formerly made at Cremona, in Italy.
Cremor	Cream; a substance resembling cream; yeast; scum.
Cremosin	See Crimson.
Crems	See Krems.
Crenate	Alt. of Crenated
Crenated	Having the margin cut into rounded teeth notches, or scallops.
Crenation	A rounded tooth on the edge of a leaf.
Crenation	The condition of being crenate.
Crenature	A rounded tooth or notch of a crenate leaf, or any part that is crenate; -- called also crenelle.
Crenature	The state of being crenated or notched.
Crenel	See Crenelle.
Crenelated	of Crenelate
Crenelating	of Crenelate
Crenelate	To furnish with crenelles.
Crenelate	To indent; to notch; as, a crenelated leaf.
Crenelation	The act of crenelating, or the state of being crenelated; an indentation or an embrasure.
Crenelle	Alt. of Crenel
Crenel	An embrasure or indentation in a battlement; a loophole in a fortress; an indentation; a notch. See Merlon, and Illust. of Battlement.
Crenel	Same as Crenature.
Crenelled	Same as Crenate.
Crengle	Alt. of Crenkle
Crenkle	See Cringle.
Crenulate	Alt. of Crenulated
Crenulated	Minutely crenate.
Crenulation	A minute crenation.
Crenulation	The state of being minutely scalloped.
Creole	One born of European parents in the American colonies of France or Spain or in the States which were once such colonies, esp. a person of French or Spanish descent, who is a native inhabitant of Louisiana, or one of the States adjoining, bordering on the Gulf of of Mexico.
Creole	Of or pertaining to a Creole or the Creoles.
Creolean	Alt. of Creolian
Creolian	Pertaining to, or characteristic of, the Creoles.
Creolian	A Creole.
Creosol	A colorless liquid resembling phenol or carbolic acid, homologous with pyrocatechin, and obtained from beechwood tar and gum guaiacum.
Creosote	Wood-tar oil; an oily antiseptic liquid, of a burning smoky taste, colorless when pure, but usually colored yellow or brown by impurity or exposure. It is a complex mixture of various phenols and their ethers, and is obtained by the distillation of wood tar, especially that of beechwood.
Creosoted	of Creosote
Creosoting	of Creosote
Creosote	To saturate or impregnate with creosote, as timber, for the prevention of decay.
Crepance	Alt. of Crepane
Crepane	An injury in a horse's leg, caused by the shoe of one hind foot striking and cutting the other leg. It sometimes forms an ulcer.
Crepe	Same as Crape.
Crepitant	Having a crackling sound; crackling; rattling.
Crepitated	of Crepitate
Crepitating	of Crepitate
Crepitate	To make a series of small, sharp, rapidly repeated explosions or sounds, as salt in fire; to crackle; to snap.
Crepitation	The act of crepitating or crackling.
Crepitation	A grating or crackling sensation or sound, as that produced by rubbing two fragments of a broken bone together, or by pressing upon cellular tissue containing air.
Crepitation	A crepitant rale.
Crepitus	The noise produced by a sudden discharge of wind from the bowels.
Crepitus	Same as Crepitation, 2.
Crepon	A thin stuff made of the finest wool or silk, or of wool and silk.
Crept	imp. & p. p. of Creep.
Crepuscle	Alt. of Crepuscule
Crepuscule	Twilight.
Crepuscular	Alt. of Crepusculous
Crepusculous	Pertaining to twilight; glimmering; hence, imperfectly clear or luminous.
Crepusculous	Flying in the twilight or evening, or before sunrise; -- said certain birds and insects.
Crepusculine	Crepuscular.
Crescence	Increase; enlargement.
Crescendo	With a constantly increasing volume of voice; with gradually increasing strength and fullness of tone; -- a direction for the performance of music, indicated by the mark, or by writing the word on the score.
Crescendo	A gradual increase in the strength and fullness of tone with which a passage is performed.
Crescendo	A passage to be performed with constantly increasing volume of tone.
Crescent	The increasing moon; the moon in her first quarter, or when defined by a concave and a convex edge; also, applied improperly to the old or decreasing moon in a like state.
Crescent	Anything having the shape of a crescent or new moon.
Crescent	A representation of the increasing moon, often used as an emblem or badge
Crescent	A symbol of Artemis, or Diana.
Crescent	The ancient symbol of Byzantium or Constantinople.
Crescent	The emblem of the Turkish Empire, adopted after the taking of Constantinople.
Crescent	Any one of three orders of knighthood; the first instituted by Charles I., king of Naples and Sicily, in 1268; the second by Rene of Anjou, in 1448; and the third by the Sultan Selim III., in 1801, to be conferred upon foreigners to whom Turkey might be indebted for valuable services.
Crescent	The emblem of the increasing moon with horns directed upward, when used in a coat of arms; -- often used as a mark of cadency to distinguish a second son and his descendants.
Crescent	Shaped like a crescent.
Crescent	Increasing; growing.
Crescent	To form into a crescent, or something resembling a crescent.
Crescent	To adorn with crescents.
Crescentic	Crescent-shaped.
Crescentwise	In the form of a crescent; like a crescent.
Crescive	Increasing; growing.
Cresol	Any one of three metameric substances, CH3.C6H4.OH, homologous with and resembling phenol. They are obtained from coal tar and wood tar, and are colorless, oily liquids or solids. [Called also cresylic acid.]
Cresorcin	Same as Isorcin.
Cresses	of Cress
Cress	A plant of various species, chiefly cruciferous. The leaves have a moderately pungent taste, and are used as a salad and antiscorbutic.
Cresselle	A wooden rattle sometimes used as a substitute for a bell, in the Roman Catholic church, during the latter part of Holy Week, or the last week of Lent.
Cresset	An open frame or basket of iron, filled with combustible material, to be burned as a beacon; an open lamp or firrepan carried on a pole in nocturnal processions.
Cresset	A small furnace or iron cage to hold fire for charring the inside of a cask, and making the staves flexible.
Cressy	Abounding in cresses.
Crest	A tuft, or other excrescence or natural ornament, growing on an animal's head; the comb of a cock; the swelling on the head of a serpent; the lengthened feathers of the crown or nape of bird, etc.
Crest	The plume of feathers, or other decoration, worn on a helmet; the distinctive ornament of a helmet, indicating the rank of the wearer; hence, also, the helmet.
Crest	A bearing worn, not upon the shield, but usually above it, or separately as an ornament for plate, liveries, and the like. It is a relic of the ancient cognizance. See Cognizance, 4.
Crest	The upper curve of a horse's neck.
Crest	The ridge or top of a wave.
Crest	The summit of a hill or mountain ridge.
Crest	The helm or head, as typical of a high spirit; pride; courage.
Crest	The ornamental finishing which surmounts the ridge of a roof, canopy, etc.
Crest	The top line of a slope or embankment.
Crested	of Crest
Cresting	of Crest
Crest	To furnish with, or surmount as, a crest; to serve as a crest for.
Crest	To mark with lines or streaks, like, or regarded as like, waving plumes.
Crest	To form a crest.
Crested	Having a crest.
Crested	Having a crest of feathers or hair upon the head.
Crested	Bearing any elevated appendage like a crest, as an elevated line or ridge, or a tuft.
Crestfallen	With hanging head; hence, dispirited; dejected; cowed.
Crestfallen	Having the crest, or upper part of the neck, hanging to one side; -- said of a horse.
Cresting	An ornamental finish on the top of a wall or ridge of a roof.
Crestless	Without a crest or escutcheon; of low birth.
Cresylic	Pertaining to, or derived from, cresol, creosote, etc.
Cretaceous	Having the qualities of chalk; abounding with chalk; chalky; as, cretaceous rocks and formations. See Chalk.
Cretaceously	In a chalky manner; as chalk.
Cretan	Pertaining to Crete, or Candia.
Cretan	A native or inhabitant of Crete or Candia.
Crete	A Cretan
Cretian	See Cretan.
Cretic	A poetic foot, composed of one short syllable between two long ones (- / -).
Creticism	Falsehood; lying; cretism.
Cretin	One afflicted with cretinism.
Cretinism	A condition of endemic or inherited idiocy, accompanied by physical degeneracy and deformity (usually with goiter), frequent in certain mountain valleys, esp. of the Alps.
Cretinous	Having the characteristics of a cretin.
Cretism	A Cretan practice; lying; a falsehood.
Cretonne	A strong white fabric with warp of hemp and weft of flax.
Cretonne	A fabric with cotton warp and woolen weft.
Cretonne	A kind of chintz with a glossy surface.
Cretose	Chalky; cretaceous.
Creutzer	See Kreutzer.
Creux	Used in English only in the expression en creux. Thus, engraving en creux is engraving in intaglio, or by sinking or hollowing out the design.
Crevalle	The cavally or jurel.
Crevalle	The pompano (Trachynotus Carolinus).
Crevasse	A deep crevice or fissure, as in embankment; one of the clefts or fissure by which the mass of a glacier is divided.
Crevasse	A breach in the levee or embankment of a river, caused by the pressure of the water, as on the lower Mississippi.
Crevet	A crucible or melting pot; a cruset.
Crevice	A narrow opening resulting from a split or crack or the separation of a junction; a cleft; a fissure; a rent.
Crevice	To crack; to flaw.
Creviced	Having a crevice or crevices; as, a creviced structure for storing ears of corn.
Crevis	The crawfish.
Crew	The Manx shearwater.
Crew	A company of people associated together; an assemblage; a throng.
Crew	The company of seamen who man a ship, vessel, or at; the company belonging to a vessel or a boat.
Crew	In an extended sense, any small body of men associated for a purpose; a gang; as (Naut.), the carpenter's crew; the boatswain's crew.
Crew	imp. of Crow
Crewel	Worsted yarn,, slackly twisted, used for embroidery.
Crewelwork	Embroidery in crewels, commonly done upon some plain material, such as linen.
Crewet	See Cruet.
Crib	A manger or rack; a feeding place for animals.
Crib	A stall for oxen or other cattle.
Crib	A small inclosed bedstead or cot for a child.
Crib	A box or bin, or similar wooden structure, for storing grain, salt, etc.; as, a crib for corn or oats.
Crib	A hovel; a hut; a cottage.
Crib	A structure or frame of timber for a foundation, or for supporting a roof, or for lining a shaft.
Crib	A structure of logs to be anchored with stones; -- used for docks, pier, dams, etc.
Crib	A small raft of timber.
Crib	A small theft; anything purloined;; a plagiaris/; hence, a translation or key, etc., to aid a student in preparing or reciting his lessons.
Crib	A miner's luncheon.
Crib	The discarded cards which the dealer can use in scoring points in cribbage.
Cribbed	of Crib
Cribbing	of Crib
Crib	To shut up or confine in a narrow habitation; to cage; to cramp.
Crib	To pilfer or purloin; hence, to steal from an author; to appropriate; to plagiarize; as, to crib a line from Milton.
Crib	To crowd together, or to be confined, as in a crib or in narrow accommodations.
Crib	To make notes for dishonest use in recitation or examination.
Crib	To seize the manger or other solid object with the teeth and draw in wind; -- said of a horse.
Cribbage	A game of cards, played by two or four persons, in which there is a crib. (See Crib, 11.) It is characterized by a great variety of chances.
Criber	Alt. of Crib-biter
Crib-biter	A horse that has the habit of cribbing.
Cribbing	The act of inclosing or confining in a crib or in close quarters.
Cribbing	Purloining; stealing; plagiarizing.
Cribbing	A framework of timbers and plank backing for a shaft lining, to prevent caving, percolation of water, etc.
Cribbing	A vicious habit of a horse; crib-biting. The horse lays hold of the crib or manger with his teeth and draws air into the stomach with a grunting sound.
Crib-biting	Same as Cribbing, 4.
Cribble	A coarse sieve or screen.
Cribble	Coarse flour or meal.
Cribbled	of Cribble
Cribbling	of Cribble
Cribble	To cause to pass through a sieve or riddle; to sift.
Cribble	Coarse; as, cribble bread.
Cribellum	A peculiar perforated organ of certain spiders (Ciniflonidae), used for spinning a special kind of silk.
Cribrate	Cribriform.
Cribration	The act or process of separating the finer parts of drugs from the coarser by sifting.
Cribriform	Resembling, or having the form of, a sieve; pierced with holes; as, the cribriform plate of the ethmoid bone; a cribriform compress.
Cribrose	Perforated like a sieve; cribriform.
Cric	The ring which turns inward and condenses the flame of a lamp.
Crick	The creaking of a door, or a noise resembling it.
Crick	A painful, spasmodic affection of the muscles of some part of the body, as of the neck or back, rendering it difficult to move the part.
Crick	A small jackscrew.
Cricket	An orthopterous insect of the genus Gryllus, and allied genera. The males make chirping, musical notes by rubbing together the basal parts of the veins of the front wings.
Cricket	A low stool.
Cricket	A game much played in England, and sometimes in America, with a ball, bats, and wickets, the players being arranged in two contesting parties or sides.
Cricket	A small false roof, or the raising of a portion of a roof, so as to throw off water from behind an obstacle, such as a chimney.
Cricket	To play at cricket.
Cricketer	One who plays at cricket.
Cricoid	Resembling a ring; -- said esp. of the cartilage at the larynx, and the adjoining parts.
Cricothyroid	Of or pertaining both to the cricoid and the thyroid cartilages.
Cried	imp. & p. p. of Cry.
Crier	One who cries; one who makes proclamation.
Crier	an officer who proclaims the orders or directions of a court, or who gives public notice by loud proclamation; as, a town-crier.
Crime	Any violation of law, either divine or human; an omission of a duty commanded, or the commission of an act forbidden by law.
Crime	Gross violation of human law, in distinction from a misdemeanor or trespass, or other slight offense. Hence, also, any aggravated offense against morality or the public welfare; any outrage or great wrong.
Crime	Any great wickedness or sin; iniquity.
Crime	That which occasion crime.
Crimeful	Criminal; wicked; contrary to law, right, or dury.
Crimeless	Free from crime; innocent.
Criminal	Guilty of crime or sin.
Criminal	Involving a crime; of the nature of a crime; -- said of an act or of conduct; as, criminal carelessness.
Criminal	Relating to crime; -- opposed to civil; as, the criminal code.
Criminal	One who has commited a crime; especially, one who is found guilty by verdict, confession, or proof; a malefactor; a felon.
Criminalist	One versed in criminal law.
Criminality	The quality or state of being criminal; that which constitutes a crime; guiltiness; guilt.
Criminally	In violation of law; wickedly.
Criminalness	Criminality.
Criminated	of Criminate
Criminating	of Criminate
Criminate	To accuse of, or charge with, a crime.
Criminate	To involve in a crime or in its consequences; to render liable to a criminal charge.
Crimination	The act of accusing; accusation; charge; complaint.
Criminative	Charging with crime; accusing; criminatory.
Criminatory	Relating to, or involving, crimination; accusing; as, a criminatory conscience.
Criminology	A treatise on crime or the criminal population.
Criminous	Criminal; involving great crime or grave charges; very wicked; heinous.
Crimosin	See Crimson.
Crimped	of Crimp
Crimping	of Crimp
Crimp	To fold or plait in regular undulation in such a way that the material will retain the shape intended; to give a wavy appearance to; as, to crimp the border of a cap; to crimp a ruffle.  Cf. Crisp.
Crimp	To pinch and hold; to seize.
Crimp	to entrap into the military or naval service; as, to crimp seamen.
Crimp	To cause to contract, or to render more crisp, as the flesh of a fish, by gashing it, when living, with a knife; as, to crimp skate, etc.
Crimp	Easily crumbled; friable; brittle.
Crimp	Weak; inconsistent; contradictory.
Crimp	A coal broker.
Crimp	One who decoys or entraps men into the military or naval service.
Crimp	A keeper of a low lodging house where sailors and emigrants are entrapped and fleeced.
Crimp	Hair which has been crimped; -- usually in pl.
Crimp	A game at cards.
Crimpage	The act or practice of crimping; money paid to a crimp for shipping or enlisting men.
Crimper	One who, or that which, crimps
Crimper	A curved board or frame over which the upper of a boot or shoe is stretched to the required shape.
Crimper	A device for giving hair a wavy appearance.
Crimper	A machine for crimping or ruffling textile fabrics.
Crimpled	of Crimple
Crimpling	of Crimple
Crimple	To cause to shrink or draw together; to contract; to curl.
Crimpy	Having a crimped appearance; frizzly; as, the crimpy wool of the Saxony sheep.
Crimson	A deep red color tinged with blue; also, red color in general.
Crimson	Of a deep red color tinged with blue; deep red.
Crimsoned	of Crimson
Crimsoning	of Crimson
Crimson	To dye with crimson or deep red; to redden.
Crimson	To become crimson; to blush.
Crinal	Of or pertaining to the hair.
Crinated	Having hair; hairy.
Crinatory	Crinitory.
Crincum	A twist or bend; a turn; a whimsey.
Crincum-crancum	A twist; a whimsey or whim.
Crined	Having the hair of a different tincture from the rest of the body; as, a charge crined of a red tincture.
Crinel	Alt. of Crinet
Crinet	A very fine, hairlike feather.
Crnged	of Cringe
Cringing	of Cringe
Cringe	To draw one's self together as in fear or servility; to bend or crouch with base humility; to wince; hence; to make court in a degrading manner; to fawn.
Cringe	To contract; to draw together; to cause to shrink or wrinkle; to distort.
Cringe	Servile civility; fawning; a shrinking or bowing, as in fear or servility.
Cringeling	One who cringes meanly; a fawner.
Cringer	One who cringes.
Cringingly	In a cringing manner.
Cringle	A withe for fastening a gate.
Cringle	An iron or pope thimble or grommet worked into or attached to the edges and corners of a sail; -- usually in the plural. The cringles are used for making fast the bowline bridles, earings, etc.
Crinicultural	Relating to the growth of hair.
Crinigerous	Bearing hair; hairy.
Crinital	Same as Crinite, 1.
Crinite	Having the appearance of a tuft of hair; having a hairlike tail or train.
Crinite	Bearded or tufted with hairs.
Crinitory	Of or relating to hair; as, a crinitory covering.
Crinkled	of Crinkle
Crinkling	of Crinkle
Crinkle	To form with short turns, bends, or wrinkles; to mold into inequalities or sinuosities; to cause to wrinkle or curl.
Crinkle	To turn or wind; to run in and out in many short bends or turns; to curl; to run in waves; to wrinkle; also, to rustle, as stiff cloth when moved.
Crinkle	A winding or turn; wrinkle; sinuosity.
Crinkled	Having short bends, turns, or wrinkles; wrinkled; wavy; zigzag.
Crinkly	Having crinkles; wavy; wrinkly.
Crinoid	Crinoidal.
Crinoid	One of the Crinoidea.
Crinoidal	Of pertaining to crinoids; consisting of, or containing, crinoids.
Crinoidea	A large class of Echinodermata, including numerous extinct families and genera, but comparatively few living ones. Most of the fossil species, like some that are recent, were attached by a jointed stem. See Blastoidea, Cystoidea, Comatula.
Crinoidean	One of the Crinoidea.
Crinoline	A kind of stiff cloth, used chiefly by women, for underskirts, to expand the gown worn over it; -- so called because originally made of hair.
Crinoline	A lady's skirt made of any stiff material; latterly, a hoop skirt.
Crinose	Hairy.
Crinosity	Hairiness.
Crinum	A genus of bulbous plants, of the order Amaryllidace/, cultivated as greenhouse plants on account of their beauty.
Criosphinx	A sphinx with the head of a ram.
Cripple	One who creeps, halts, or limps; one who has lost, or never had, the use of a limb or limbs; a lame person; hence, one who is partially disabled.
Cripple	Lame; halting.
Crippled	of Cripple
Crippling	of Cripple
Cripple	To deprive of the use of a limb, particularly of a leg or foot; to lame.
Cripple	To deprive of strength, activity, or capability for service or use; to disable; to deprive of resources; as, to be financially crippled.
Crippled	Lamed; lame; disabled; impeded.
Crippleness	Lameness.
Crippler	A wooden tool used in graining leather.
Crippling	Spars or timbers set up as a support against the side of a building.
Cripply	Lame; disabled; in a crippled condition.
Crises	of Crisis
Crisis	The point of time when it is to be decided whether any affair or course of action must go on, or be modified or terminate; the decisive moment; the turning point.
Crisis	That change in a disease which indicates whether the result is to be recovery or death; sometimes, also, a striking change of symptoms attended by an outward manifestation, as by an eruption or sweat.
Crisp	Curling in stiff curls or ringlets; as, crisp hair.
Crisp	Curled with the ripple of the water.
Crisp	Brittle; friable; in a condition to break with a short, sharp fracture; as, crisp snow.
Crisp	Possessing a certain degree of firmness and freshness; in a fresh, unwilted condition.
Crisp	Lively; sparking; effervescing.
Crisp	Brisk; crackling; cheerful; lively.
Crisped	of Crisp
Crisping	of Crisp
Crisp	To curl; to form into ringlets, as hair, or the nap of cloth; to interweave, as the branches of trees.
Crisp	To cause to undulate irregularly, as crape or water; to wrinkle; to cause to ripple. Cf. Crimp.
Crisp	To make crisp or brittle, as in cooking.
Crisp	To undulate or ripple.  Cf.  Crisp, v. t.
Crisp	That which is crisp or brittle; the state of being crisp or brittle; as, burned to a crisp; specifically, the rind of roasted pork; crackling.
Crispate	Alt. of Crispated
Crispated	Having a crisped appearance; irregularly curled or twisted.
Crispation	The act or process of curling, or the state of being curled.
Crispation	A very slight convulsive or spasmodic contraction of certain muscles, external or internal.
Crispature	The state of being crispate.
Crisper	One who, or that which, crisps or curls; an instrument for making little curls in the nap of cloth, as in chinchilla.
Crispin	A shoemaker; -- jocularly so called from the patron saint of the craft.
Crispin	A member of a union or association of shoemakers.
Crisply	In a crisp manner.
Crispness	The state or quality of being crisp.
Crispy	Formed into short, close ringlets; frizzed; crisp; as, crispy locks.
Crispy	Crisp; brittle; as, a crispy pie crust.
Crissal	Pertaining to the crissum; as, crissal feathers.
Crissal	Having highly colored under tail coverts; as, the crissal thrasher.
Crisscross	A mark or cross, as the signature of a person who is unable to write.
Crisscross	A child's game played on paper or on a slate, consisting of lines arranged in the form of a cross.
Crisscross	To mark or cover with cross lines; as, a paper was crisscrossed with red marks.
Crisscross	In opposite directions; in a way to cross something else; crossing one another at various angles and in various ways.
Crisscross	With opposition or hindrance; at cross purposes; contrarily; as, things go crisscross.
Crisscross-row	See Christcross-row.
Crissa	of Crissum
Crissum	That part of a bird, or the feathers, surrounding the cloacal opening; the under tail coverts.
Cristate	Crested.
Criteria	of Criterion
Criterions	of Criterion
Criterion	A standard of judging; any approved or established rule or test, by which facts, principles opinions, and conduct are tried in forming a correct judgment respecting them.
Crith	The unit for estimating the weight of a/riform substances; -- the weight of a liter of hydrogen at 0/ centigrade, and with a tension of 76 centimeters of mercury. It is 0.0896 of a gram, or 1.38274 grains.
Crithomancu	A kind of divination by means of the dough of the cakes offered in the ancient sacrifices, and the meal strewed over the victims.
Critic	One skilled in judging of the merits of literary or artistic works; a connoisseur; an adept; hence, one who examines literary or artistic works, etc., and passes judgment upon them; a reviewer.
Critic	One who passes a rigorous or captious judgment; one who censures or finds fault; a harsh examiner or judge; a caviler; a carper.
Critic	The art of criticism.
Critic	An act of criticism; a critique.
Critic	Of or pertaining to critics or criticism; critical.
Critic	To criticise; to play the critic.
Critical	Qualified to criticise, or pass judgment upon, literary or artistic productions.
Critical	Pertaining to criticism or the critic's art; of the nature of a criticism; accurate; as, critical knowledge; a critical dissertation.
Critical	Inclined to make nice distinctions, or to exercise careful judgment and selection; exact; nicely judicious.
Critical	Inclined to criticise or find fault; fastidious; captious; censorious; exacting.
Critical	Characterized by thoroughness and a reference to principles, as becomes a critic; as, a critical analysis of a subject.
Critical	Pertaining to, or indicating, a crisis, turning point, or specially important juncture; important as regards consequences; hence, of doubtful issue; attended with risk; dangerous; as, the critical stage of a fever; a critical situation.
Critically	In a critical manner; with nice discernment; accurately; exactly.
Critically	At a crisis; at a critical time; in a situation, place, or condition of decisive consequence; as, a fortification critically situated.
Criticalness	The state or quality of being critical, or of occurring at a critical time.
Criticalness	Accuracy in examination or decision; exactness.
Criticaster	A contemptible or vicious critic.
Criticisable	Capable of being criticised.
Criticised	of Criticise
Criticising	of Criticise
Criticise	To examine and judge as a critic; to pass literary or artistic judgment upon; as, to criticise an author; to criticise a picture.
Criticise	To express one's views as to the merit or demerit of; esp., to animadvert upon; to find fault with; as, to criticise conduct.
Criticise	To act as a critic; to pass literary or artistic judgment; to play the critic; -- formerly used with on or upon.
Criticise	To discuss the merits or demerits of a thing or person; esp., to find fault.
Criticiser	One who criticises; a critic.
Criticism	The rules and principles which regulate the practice of the critic; the art of judging with knowledge and propriety of the beauties and faults of a literary performance, or of a production in the fine arts; as, dramatic criticism.
Criticism	The act of criticising; a critical judgment passed or expressed; a critical observation or detailed examination and review; a critique; animadversion; censure.
Critique	The art of criticism.
Critique	A critical examination or estimate of a work of literature or art; a critical dissertation or essay; a careful and through analysis of any subject; a criticism; as, Kant's "Critique of Pure Reason."
Critique	A critic; one who criticises.
Critique	To criticise or pass judgment upon.
Crizzel	A kind of roughness on the surface of glass, which clouds its transparency.
Croaked	of Croak
Croaking	of Croak
Croak	To make a low, hoarse noise in the throat, as a frog, a raven, or a crow; hence, to make any hoarse, dismal sound.
Croak	To complain; especially, to grumble; to forebode evil; to utter complaints or forebodings habitually.
Croak	To utter in a low, hoarse voice; to announce by croaking; to forebode; as, to croak disaster.
Croak	The coarse, harsh sound uttered by a frog or a raven, or a like sound.
Croaker	One who croaks, murmurs, grumbles, or complains unreasonably; one who habitually forebodes evil.
Croaker	A small American fish (Micropogon undulatus), of the Atlantic coast.
Croaker	An American fresh-water fish (Aplodinotus grunniens); -- called also drum.
Croaker	The surf fish of California.
Croat	A native of Croatia, in Austria; esp., one of the native Slavic race.
Croat	An irregular soldier, generally from Croatia.
Croatian	Of or pertaining to Croatia.
Croatian	A Croat.
Crocein	A name given to any one of several yellow or scarlet dyestuffs of artificial production and complex structure.  In general they are diazo and sulphonic acid derivatives of benzene and naphthol.
Croceous	Of, pertaining to, or like, saffron; deep reddish yellow.
Crocetin	A dyestuff, obtained from the Chinese crocin, which produces a brilliant yellow.
Croche	A little bud or knob at the top of a deer's antler.
Crochet	A kind of knitting done by means of a hooked needle, with worsted, silk, or cotton; crochet work. Commonly used adjectively.
Crocheted	of Crochet
Crocheting	of Crochet
Crochet	To knit with a crochet needle or hook; as, to crochet a shawl.
Crociary	One who carries the cross before an archbishop.
Crocidolite	A mineral occuring in silky fibers of a lavender blue color. It is related to hornblende and is essentially a silicate of iron and soda; -- called also blue asbestus. A silicified form, in which the fibers penetrating quartz are changed to oxide of iron, is the yellow brown tiger-eye of the jewelers.
Crocin	The coloring matter of Chinese yellow pods, the fruit of Gardenia grandiflora.
Crocin	A red powder (called also polychroite), which is made from the saffron (Crocus sativus). See Polychroite.
Crock	The loose black particles collected from combustion, as on pots and kettles, or in a chimney; soot; smut; also, coloring matter which rubs off from cloth.
Crocked	of Crock
Crocking	of Crock
Crock	To soil by contact, as with soot, or with the coloring matter of badly dyed cloth.
Crock	To give off crock or smut.
Crock	A low stool.
Crock	Any piece of crockery, especially of coarse earthenware; an earthen pot or pitcher.
Crock	To lay up in a crock; as, to crock butter.
Crocker	A potter.
Crockery	Earthenware; vessels formed of baked clay, especially the coarser kinds.
Crocket	An ornament often resembling curved and bent foliage, projecting from the sloping edge of a gable, spire, etc.
Crocket	A croche, or knob, on the top of a stag's antler.
Crocketed	Ornamented with crockets.
Crocketing	Ornamentation with crockets.
Crocky	Smutty.
Crocodile	A large reptile of the genus Crocodilus, of several species. They grow to the length of sixteen or eighteen feet, and inhabit the large rivers of Africa, Asia, and America. The eggs, laid in the sand, are hatched by the sun's heat. The best known species is that of the Nile (C. vulgaris, or C. Niloticus). The Florida crocodile (C. Americanus) is much less common than the alligator and has longer jaws. The name is also sometimes applied to the species of other related genera, as the gavial and the alligator.
Crocodile	A fallacious dilemma, mythically supposed to have been first used by a crocodile.
Crocodilia	An order of reptiles including the crocodiles, gavials, alligators, and many extinct kinds.
Crocodilian	Like, or pertaining to, the crocodile; characteristic of the crocodile.
Crocodilian	One of the Crocodilia.
Crocodility	A caption or sophistical mode of arguing.
Crocoisite	Same as Crocoite.
Crocoite	Lead chromate occuring in crystals of a bright hyacinth red color; -- called also red lead ore.
Croconate	A salt formed by the union of croconic acid with a base.
Croconic	Of, pertaining to, or resembling saffron; having the color of saffron; as, croconic acid.
Croconic	Pertaining to, or derived from, croconic acid.
Crocose	A white crystalline sugar, metameric with glucose, obtained from the coloring matter of saffron.
Crocus	A genus of iridaceous plants, with pretty blossoms rising separately from the bulb or corm. C. vernus is one of the earliest of spring-blooming flowers; C. sativus produces the saffron, and blossoms in the autumn.
Crocus	A deep yellow powder; the oxide of some metal calcined to a red or deep yellow color; esp., the oxide of iron (Crocus of Mars or colcothar) thus produced from salts of iron, and used as a polishing powder.
Croesus	A king of Lydia who flourished in the 6th century b. c., and was renowned for his vast wealth; hence, a common appellation for a very rich man; as, he is a veritable Croesus.
Croft	A small, inclosed field, adjoining a house; a small farm.
Crofter	One who rents and tills a small farm or helding; as, the crofters of Scotland.
Crefting	Croftland.
Crefting	Exposing linen to the sun, on the grass, in the process of bleaching.
Croftland	Land of superior quality, on which successive crops are raised.
Crois	See Cross, n.
Croisade	Alt. of Croisado
Croisado	A holy war; a crusade.
Croise	A pilgrim bearing or wearing a cross.
Croise	A crusader.
Croissante	Terminated with crescent; -- said of a cross the ends of which are so terminated.
Croker	A cultivator of saffron; a dealer in saffron.
Croma	A quaver.
Cromlech	A monument of rough stones composed of one or more large ones supported in a horizontal position upon others. They are found chiefly in countries inhabited by the ancient Celts, and are of a period anterior to the introduction of Christianity into these countries.
Cromorna	A certain reed stop in the organ, of a quality of tone resembling that of the oboe.
Crone	An old ewe.
Crone	An old woman; -- usually in contempt.
Crone	An old man; especially, a man who talks and acts like an old woman.
Cronel	The iron head of a tilting spear.
Cronet	The coronet of a horse.
Cronian	Saturnian; -- applied to the North Polar Sea.
Cronstedtite	A mineral consisting principally of silicate of iron, and crystallizing in hexagonal prisms with perfect basal cleavage; -- so named from the Swedish mineralogist Cronstedt.
Cronies	of Crony
Crony	A crone.
Crony	An intimate companion; a familiar frend
Croodle	To cower or cuddle together, as from fear or cold; to lie close and snug together, as pigs in straw.
Croodle	To fawn or coax.
Croodle	To coo.
Crook	A bend, turn, or curve; curvature; flexure.
Crook	Any implement having a bent or crooked end.
Crook	The staff used by a shepherd, the hook of which serves to hold a runaway sheep.
Crook	A bishop's staff of office. Cf. Pastoral staff.
Crook	A pothook.
Crook	An artifice; trick; tricky device; subterfuge.
Crook	A small tube, usually curved, applied to a trumpet, horn, etc., to change its pitch or key.
Crook	A person given to fraudulent practices; an accomplice of thieves, forgers, etc.
Crooked	of Crook
Crooking	of Crook
Crook	To turn from a straight line; to bend; to curve.
Crook	To turn from the path of rectitude; to pervert; to misapply; to twist.
Crook	To bend; to curve; to wind; to have a curvature.
Crookback	A crooked back; one who has a crooked or deformed back; a hunchback.
Crookack	Hunched.
Crookbill	A New Zealand plover (Anarhynchus frontalis), remarkable for having the end of the beak abruptly bent to the right.
Crooked	Characterized by a crook or curve; not straight; turning; bent; twisted; deformed.
Crooked	Not straightforward; deviating from rectitude; distorted from the right.
Crooked	False; dishonest; fraudulent; as, crooked dealings.
Crookedly	In a curved or crooked manner; in a perverse or untoward manner.
Crookedness	The condition or quality of being crooked; hence, deformity of body or of mind; deviation from moral rectitude; perverseness.
Crooken	To make crooked.
Crookes tube	A vacuum tube in which the exhaustion is carried to a very high degree, with the production of a distinct class of effects; -- so called from W. Crookes who introduced it.
Croon	To make a continuous hollow moan, as cattle do when in pain.
Croon	To hum or sing in a low tone; to murmur softly.
Crooned	of Croon
Crooning	of Croon
Croon	To sing in a low tone, as if to one's self; to hum.
Croon	To soothe by singing softly.
Croon	A low, continued moan; a murmur.
Croon	A low singing; a plain, artless melody.
Crop	The pouchlike enlargement of the gullet of birds, serving as a receptacle for food; the craw.
Crop	The top, end, or highest part of anything, especially of a plant or tree.
Crop	That which is cropped, cut, or gathered from a single felld, or of a single kind of grain or fruit, or in a single season; especially, the product of what is planted in the earth; fruit; harvest.
Crop	Grain or other product of the field while standing.
Crop	Anything cut off or gathered.
Crop	Hair cut close or short, or the act or style of so cutting; as, a convict's crop.
Crop	A projecting ornament in carved stone. Specifically, a finial.
Crop	Tin ore prepared for smelting.
Crop	Outcrop of a vein or seam at the surface.
Crop	A riding whip with a loop instead of a lash.
Cropped	of Crop
Cropping	of Crop
Crop	To cut off the tops or tips of; to bite or pull off; to browse; to pluck; to mow; to reap.
Crop	Fig.: To cut off, as if in harvest.
Crop	To cause to bear a crop; as, to crop a field.
Crop	To yield harvest.
Crop-ear	A person or animal whose ears are cropped.
Crop-eared	Having the ears cropped.
Cropful	Having a full crop or belly; satiated.
Cropper	One that crops.
Cropper	A variety of pigeon with a large crop; a pouter.
Cropper	A machine for cropping, as for shearing off bolts or rod iron, or for facing cloth.
Cropper	A fall on one's head when riding at full speed, as in hunting; hence, a sudden failure or collapse.
Cropsick	Sick from excess in eating or drinking.
Crop-tailed	Having the tail cropped.
Croquet	An open-air game in which two or more players endeavor to drive wooden balls, by means of mallets, through a series of hoops or arches set in the ground according to some pattern.
Croquet	The act of croqueting.
Croqueted	of Croquet
Croqueting	of Croquet
Croquet	In the game of croquet, to drive away an opponent's ball, after putting one's own in contact with it, by striking one's own ball with the mallet.
Cro-quette	A ball of minced meat, fowl, rice, or other ingredients, highly seasoned, and fried.
Crore	Ten millions; as, a crore of rupees (which is nearly $5,000,000).
Crosier	The pastoral staff of a bishop (also of an archbishop, being the symbol of his office as a shepherd of the flock of God.
Crosiered	Bearing a crosier.
Croslet	See Crosslet.
Cross	A gibbet, consisting of two pieces of timber placed transversely upon one another, in various forms, as a T, or +, with the horizontal piece below the upper end of the upright, or as an X. It was anciently used in the execution of criminals.
Cross	The sign or mark of the cross, made with the finger, or in ink, etc., or actually represented in some material; the symbol of Christ's death; the ensign and chosen symbol of Christianity, of a Christian people, and of Christendom.
Cross	Affiction regarded as a test of patience or virtue; trial; disappointment; opposition; misfortune.
Cross	A piece of money stamped with the figure of a cross, also, that side of such a piece on which the cross is stamped; hence, money in general.
Cross	An appendage or ornament or anything in the form of a cross; a badge or ornamental device of the general shape of a cross; hence, such an ornament, even when varying considerably from that form; thus, the Cross of the British Order of St. George and St. Michael consists of a central medallion with seven arms radiating from it.
Cross	A monument in the form of a cross, or surmounted by a cross, set up in a public place; as, a market cross; a boundary cross; Charing Cross in London.
Cross	A common heraldic bearing, of which there are many varieties. See the Illustration, above.
Cross	The crosslike mark or symbol used instead of a signature by those unable to write.
Cross	Church lands.
Cross	A line drawn across or through another line.
Cross	A mixing of breeds or stock, especially in cattle breeding; or the product of such intermixture; a hybrid of any kind.
Cross	An instrument for laying of offsets perpendicular to the main course.
Cross	A pipe-fitting with four branches the axes of which usually form's right angle.
Cross	Not parallel; lying or falling athwart; transverse; oblique; intersecting.
Cross	Not accordant with what is wished or expected; interrupting; adverse; contrary; thwarting; perverse.
Cross	Characterized by, or in a state of, peevishness, fretfulness, or ill humor; as, a cross man or woman.
Cross	Made in an opposite direction, or an inverse relation; mutually inverse; interchanged; as, cross interrogatories; cross marriages, as when a brother and sister marry persons standing in the same relation to each other.
Cross	Athwart; across.
Crossed	of Cross
Crossing	of Cross
Cross	To put across or athwart; to cause to intersect; as, to cross the arms.
Cross	To lay or draw something, as a line, across; as, to cross the letter t.
Cross	To pass from one side to the other of; to pass or move over; to traverse; as, to cross a stream.
Cross	To pass, as objects going in an opposite direction at the same time.
Cross	To run counter to; to thwart; to obstruct; to hinder; to clash or interfere with.
Cross	To interfere and cut off; to debar.
Cross	To make the sign of the cross upon; -- followed by the reflexive pronoun; as, he crossed himself.
Cross	To cancel by marking crosses on or over, or drawing a line across; to erase; -- usually with out, off, or over; as, to cross out a name.
Cross	To cause to interbreed; -- said of different stocks or races; to mix the breed of.
Cross	To lie or be athwart.
Cross	To move or pass from one side to the other, or from place to place; to make a transit; as, to cross from New York to Liverpool.
Cross	To be inconsistent.
Cross	To interbreed, as races; to mix distinct breeds.
Cross-armed	With arms crossed.
Cross-banded	A term used when a narrow ribbon of veneer is inserted into the surface of any piece of furniture, wainscoting, etc., so that the grain of it is contrary to the general surface.
Crossbar	A transverse bar or piece, as a bar across a door, or as the iron bar or stock which passes through the shank of an anchor to insure its turning fluke down.
Crossbarred	Secured by, or furnished with, crossbars.
Crossbarred	Made or patterned in lines crossing each other; as, crossbarred muslin.
Crossbeak	Same as Crossbill.
Crossbeam	A girder.
Crossbeam	A beam laid across the bitts, to which the cable is fastened when riding at anchor.
Cross-bearer	A subdeacon who bears a cross before an archbishop or primate on solemn occasions.
Crossbill	A bill brought by a defendant, in an equity or chancery suit, against the plaintiff, respecting the matter in question in that suit.
Crossbill	A bird of the genus Loxia, allied to the finches. Their mandibles are strongly curved and cross each other; the crossbeak.
Cross-birth	Any preternatural labor, in which the body of the child lies across the pelvis of the mother, so that the shoulder, arm, or trunk is the part first presented at the mouth of the uterus.
Crossbite	A deception; a cheat.
Crossbite	To deceive; to trick; to gull.
Crossbones	A representation of two of the leg bones or arm bones of a skeleton, laid crosswise, often surmounted with a skull, and serving as a symbol of death.
Crossbow	A weapon, used in discharging arrows, formed by placing a bow crosswise on a stock.
Crossbower	A crossbowman.
Crossbowman	One who shoots with a crossbow. See Arbalest.
Crossbred	Produced by mixing distinct breeds; mongrel.
Crossbreed	A breed or an animal produced from parents of different breeds; a new variety, as of plants, combining the qualities of two parent varieties or stocks.
Crossbreed	Anything partaking of the natures of two different things; a hybrid.
Cross-bun	A bun or cake marked with a cross, and intended to be eaten on Good Friday.
Cross-crosslet	A cross having the three upper ends crossed, so as to from three small crosses.
Crosscut	To cut across or through; to intersect.
Crosscut	A short cut across; a path shorter than by the high road.
Crosscut	A level driven across the course of a vein, or across the main workings, as from one gangway to another.
Cross-days	The three days preceding the Feast of the Ascension.
Crossette	A return in one of the corners of the architrave of a door or window; -- called also ancon, ear, elbow.
Crossette	The shoulder of a joggled keystone.
Cross-examination	The interrogating or questioning of a witness by the party against whom he has been called and examined. See Examination.
Cross-examined	of Cross-examine
Cross-examining	of Cross-examine
Cross-examine	To examine or question, as a witness who has been called and examined by the opposite party.
Cross-examiner	One who cross-examines or conducts a crosse-examination.
Cross-eye	See Strabismus.
Cross-eyed	Affected with strabismus; squint-eyed; squinting.
Crossfish	A starfish.
Crossflow	To flow across, or in a contrary direction.
Cross-garnet	A hinge having one strap perpendicular and the other strap horizontal giving it the form of an Egyptian or T cross.
Crossgrained	Having the grain or fibers run diagonally, or more or less transversely an irregularly, so as to interfere with splitting or planing.
Crossgrained	Perverse; untractable; contrary.
Crossnath	To shade by means of crosshatching.
Crosshatching	In drawing and line engraving, shading with lines that cross one another at an angle.
Crosshead	A beam or bar across the head or end of a rod, etc., or a block attached to it and carrying a knuckle pin; as the solid crosspiece running between parallel slides, which receives motion from the piston of a steam engine and imparts it to the connecting rod, which is hinged to the crosshead.
Crossing	The act by which anything is crossed; as, the crossing of the ocean.
Crossing	The act of making the sign of the cross.
Crossing	The act of interbreeding; a mixing of breeds.
Crossing	Intersection, as of two paths or roads.
Crossing	A place where anything (as a stream) is crossed; a paved walk across a street.
Crossing	Contradiction; thwarting; obstruction.
Crossjack	The lowest square sail, or the lower yard of the mizzenmast.
CRosslegged	Having the legs crossed.
Crosslet	A small cross.
Crosslet	A crucible.
Crosslet	Crossed again; -- said of a cross the arms of which are crossed. SeeCross-crosslet.
Crossly	Athwart; adversely; unfortunately; peevishly; fretfully; with ill humor.
Crossness	The quality or state of being cross; peevishness; fretfulness; ill humor.
Crossopterygian	Of or pertaining to the Crossopterygii.
Crossopterygian	One of the Crossopterygii.
Crossopterygii	An order of ganoid fishes including among living species the bichir (Polypterus). See Brachioganoidei.
Crosspatch	An ill-natured person.
Cross-pawl	Same as Cross-spale.
Crosspiece	A piece of any structure which is fitted or framed crosswise.
Crosspiece	A bar or timber connecting two knightheads or two bitts.
Cross-purpose	A counter or opposing purpose; hence, that which is inconsistent or contradictory.
Cross-purpose	A conversational game, in which questions and answers are made so as to involve ludicrous combinations of ideas.
Cross-questioned	of Cross-question
Cross-questioning	of Cross-question
Cross-question	To cross-examine; to subject to close questioning.
Cross-reading	The reading of the lines of a newspaper directly across the page, instead of down the columns, thus producing a ludicrous combination of ideas.
Crossroad	A road that crosses another; an obscure road intersecting or avoiding the main road.
Crossrow	The alphabet; -- called also Christcross-row.
Crossrow	A row that crosses others.
Crossruff	The play in whist where partners trump each a different suit, and lead to each other for that purpose; -- called also seesaw.
Cross-spale	Alt. of Cross-spall
Cross-spall	One of the temporary wooden braces, placed horizontally across a frame to hold it in position until the deck beams are in; a cross-pawl.
Cross-springer	One of the ribs in a groined arch, springing from the corners in a diagonal direction. [See Illustr. of Groined vault.]
Cross-staff	An instrument formerly used at sea for taking the altitudes of celestial bodies.
Cross-staff	A surveyor's instrument for measuring offsets.
Cross-stitch	A form of stitch, where the stitches are diagonal and in pairs, the thread of one stitch crossing that of the other.
Cross-stone	See Harmotome, and Staurotide.
Cross-tail	A bar connecting the ends of the side rods or levers of a backaction or side-lever engine.
Cross-tie	A sleeper supporting and connecting the rails, and holding them in place.
Cross-tining	A mode of harrowing crosswise, or transversely to the ridges.
Crosstrees	Pieces of timber at a masthead, to which are attached the upper shrouds.  At the head of lower masts in large vessels, they support a semicircular platform called the "top."
Cross-vaulting	Vaulting formed by the intersection of two or more simple vaults.
Crossway	See Crossroad.
Cross-week	Rogation week, when the cross was borne in processions.
Crosswise	In the form of a cross; across; transversely.
Crosswort	A name given to several inconspicuous plants having leaves in whorls of four, as species of Crucianella, Valantia, etc.
Crotalaria	A genus of leguminous plants; rattlebox.
Crotaline	Resembling, or pertaining to, the Crotalidae, or Rattlesnake family.
Crotalo	A Turkish musical instrument.
Crotalum	A kind of castanet used by the Corybantes.
Crotalus	A genus of poisonous serpents, including the rattlesnakes.
Crotaphite	The temple or temporal fossa. Also used adjectively.
Crotaphitic	Pertaining to the temple; temporal.
Crotches	of Crotch
Crotch	The angle formed by the parting of two legs or branches; a fork; the point where a trunk divides; as, the crotch of a tree.
Crotch	A stanchion or post of wood or iron, with two arms for supporting a boom, spare yards, etc.; -- called also crane and crutch.
Crotched	Having a crotch; forked.
Crotched	Cross; peevish.
Crotchet	A forked support; a crotch.
Crotchet	A time note, with a stem, having one fourth the value of a semibreve, one half that of a minim, and twice that of a quaver; a quarter note.
Crotchet	An indentation in the glacis of the covered way, at a point where a traverse is placed.
Crotchet	The arrangement of a body of troops, either forward or rearward, so as to form a line nearly perpendicular to the general line of battle.
Crotchet	A bracket. See Bracket.
Crotchet	An instrument of a hooked form, used in certain cases in the extraction of a fetus.
Crotchet	A perverse fancy; a whim which takes possession of the mind; a conceit.
Crotchet	To play music in measured time.
Crotcheted	Marked or measured by crotchets; having musical notation.
Crotchetiness	The state or character of being crotchety, or whimsical.
Crotchety	Given to crotchets; subject to whims; as, a crotchety man.
Croton	A genus of euphorbiaceous plants belonging to tropical countries.
Croton bug	A small, active, winged species of cockroach (Ectobia Germanica), the water bug. It is common aboard ships, and in houses in cities, esp. in those with hot-water pipes.
Crotonic	Of or pertaining to, or derived from, a plant of the genus Croton, or from croton oil.
Crotonine	A supposed alkaloid obtained from croton oil by boiling it with water and magnesia, since found to be merely a magnesia soap of the oil.
Crotonylene	A colorless, volatile, pungent liquid, C4H6, produced artificially, and regarded as an unsaturated hydrocarbon of the acetylene series, and analogous to crotonic acid.
Crottles	A name given to various lichens gathered for dyeing.
Crouched	of Crouch
Crouching	of Crouch
Crouch	To bend down; to stoop low; to lie close to the ground with the logs bent, as an animal when waiting for prey, or in fear.
Crouch	To bend servilely; to stoop meanly; to fawn; to cringe.
Crouch	To sign with the cross; to bless.
Crouch	To bend, or cause to bend, as in humility or fear.
Crouched	Marked with the sign of the cross.
Croud	See Crowd, a violin.
Crouke	A crock; a jar.
Croup	The hinder part or buttocks of certain quadrupeds, especially of a horse; hence, the place behind the saddle.
Croup	An inflammatory affection of the larynx or trachea, accompanied by a hoarse, ringing cough and stridulous, difficult breathing; esp., such an affection when associated with the development of a false membrane in the air passages (also called membranous croup). See False croup, under False, and Diphtheria.
Croupade	A leap in which the horse pulls up his hind legs toward his belly.
Croupal	Croupy.
Crouper	See Crupper.
Croupier	One who presides at a gaming table and collects the stakes.
Croupier	One who, at a public dinner party, sits at the lower end of the table as assistant chairman.
Croupous	Relating to or resembling croup; especially, attended with the formation of a deposit or membrane like that found in membranous croup; as, croupous laryngitis.
Croupy	Of or pertaining to croup; resembling or indicating croup; as, a croupy cough.
Crouse	Brisk; lively; bold; self-complacent.
Croustade	Bread baked in a mold, and scooped out, to serve minces upon.
Crout	See Sourkrout.
Crouton	Bread cut in various forms, and fried lightly in butter or oil, to garnish hashes, etc.
Crew	of Crow
Crowed	of Crow
Crowed	of Crow
Crown	of Crow
Crowing	of Crow
Crow	To make the shrill sound characteristic of a cock, either in joy, gayety, or defiance.
Crow	To shout in exultation or defiance; to brag.
Crow	To utter a sound expressive of joy or pleasure.
Crow	A bird, usually black, of the genus Corvus, having a strong conical beak, with projecting bristles. It has a harsh, croaking note. See Caw.
Crow	A bar of iron with a beak, crook, or claw; a bar of iron used as a lever; a crowbar.
Crow	The cry of the cock. See Crow, v. i., 1.
Crow	The mesentery of a beast; -- so called by butchers.
Crowbar	A bar of iron sharpened at one end, and used as a lever.
Crowberry	A heathlike plant of the genus Empetrum, and its fruit, a black, scarcely edible berry; -- also called crakeberry.
Crowded	of Crowd
Crowding	of Crowd
Crowd	To push, to press, to shove.
Crowd	To press or drive together; to mass together.
Crowd	To fill by pressing or thronging together; hence, to encumber by excess of numbers or quantity.
Crowd	To press by solicitation; to urge; to dun; hence, to treat discourteously or unreasonably.
Crowd	To press together or collect in numbers; to swarm; to throng.
Crowd	To urge or press forward; to force one's self; as, a man crowds into a room.
Crowd	A number of things collected or closely pressed together; also, a number of things adjacent to each other.
Crowd	A number of persons congregated or collected into a close body without order; a throng.
Crowd	The lower orders of people; the populace; the vulgar; the rabble; the mob.
Crowd	An ancient instrument of music with six strings; a kind of violin, being the oldest known stringed instrument played with a bow.
Crowd	To play on a crowd; to fiddle.
Crowder	One who plays on a crowd; a fiddler.
Crowder	One who crowds or pushes.
Crowdy	A thick gruel of oatmeal and milk or water; food of the porridge kind.
Crowflower	A kind of campion; according to Gerarde, the Lychnis Flos-cuculi.
Crowfoot	The genus Ranunculus, of many species; some are common weeds, others are flowering plants of considerable beauty.
Crowfoot	A number of small cords rove through a long block, or euphroe, to suspend an awning by.
Crowfoot	A caltrop.
Crowfoot	A tool with a side claw for recovering broken rods, etc.
Crowkeeper	A person employed to scare off crows; hence, a scarecrow.
Crown	p. p. of Crow.
Crown	A wreath or garland, or any ornamental fillet encircling the head, especially as a reward of victory or mark of honorable distinction; hence, anything given on account of, or obtained by, faithful or successful effort; a reward.
Crown	A royal headdress or cap of sovereignty, worn by emperors, kings, princes, etc.
Crown	The person entitled to wear a regal or imperial crown; the sovereign; -- with the definite article.
Crown	Imperial or regal power or dominion; sovereignty.
Crown	Anything which imparts beauty, splendor, honor, dignity, or finish.
Crown	Highest state; acme; consummation; perfection.
Crown	The topmost part of anything; the summit.
Crown	The topmost part of the head (see Illust. of Bird.); that part of the head from which the hair descends toward the sides and back; also, the head or brain.
Crown	The part of a hat above the brim.
Crown	The part of a tooth which projects above the gum; also, the top or grinding surface of a tooth.
Crown	The vertex or top of an arch; -- applied generally to about one third of the curve, but in a pointed arch to the apex only.
Crown	Same as Corona.
Crown	That part of an anchor where the arms are joined to the shank.
Crown	The rounding, or rounded part, of the deck from a level line.
Crown	The bights formed by the several turns of a cable.
Crown	The upper range of facets in a rose diamond.
Crown	The dome of a furnace.
Crown	The area inclosed between two concentric perimeters.
Crown	A round spot shaved clean on the top of the head, as a mark of the clerical state; the tonsure.
Crown	A size of writing paper. See under Paper.
Crown	A coin stamped with the image of a crown; hence,a denomination of money; as, the English crown, a silver coin of the value of five shillings sterling, or a little more than $1.20; the Danish or Norwegian crown, a money of account, etc., worth nearly twenty-seven cents.
Crown	An ornaments or decoration representing a crown; as, the paper is stamped with a crown.
Crowned	of Crown
Crowning	of Crown
Crown	To cover, decorate, or invest with a crown; hence, to invest with royal dignity and power.
Crown	To bestow something upon as a mark of honor, dignity, or recompense; to adorn; to dignify.
Crown	To form the topmost or finishing part of; to complete; to consummate; to perfect.
Crown	To cause to round upward; to make anything higher at the middle than at the edges, as the face of a machine pulley.
Crown	To effect a lodgment upon, as upon the crest of the glacis, or the summit of the breach.
Crowned	Having or wearing a crown; surmounted, invested, or adorned, with a crown, wreath, garland, etc.; honored; rewarded; completed; consummated; perfected.
Crowned	Great; excessive; supreme.
Crowner	One who, or that which, crowns.
Crowner	A coroner.
Crownet	A coronet.
Crownet	The ultimate end and result of an undertaking; a chief end.
Crown-imperial	A spring-blooming plant (Fritillaria imperialis) of the Lily family, having at the top of the stalk a cluster of pendent bell-shaped flowers surmounted with a tuft of green leaves.
Crownless	Without a crown.
Crownlet	A coronet.
Crown office	The criminal branch of the Court of King's or Queen's Bench, commonly called the crown side of the court, which takes cognizance of all criminal cases.
Crownpiece	A piece or part which passes over the head, as in a bridle.
Crownpiece	A coin [In sense (b) properly crown piece.] See Crown, 19.
Crown-post	Same as King-post.
Crown-saw	A saw in the form of a hollow cylinder, with teeth on the end or edge, and operated by a rotative motion.
Crown side	See Crown office.
Crown wheel	A wheel with cogs or teeth set at right angles to its plane; -- called also a contrate wheel or face wheel.
Crownwork	A work consisting of two or more bastioned fronts, with their outworks, covering an enceinte, a bridgehead, etc., and connected by wings with the main work or the river bank.
Crow-quill	A quill of the crow, or a very fine pen made from such a quill.
Crows	A tribe of Indians of the Dakota stock, living in Montana; -- also called Upsarokas.
Crow's-feet	of Crow's-foot
Crow's-foot	The wrinkles that appear, as the effect of age or dissipation, under and around the outer corners of the eyes.
Crow's-foot	A caltrop.
Crow's-foot	Same as Bird's-mouth.
Crow-silk	A filamentous fresh-water alga (Conferva rivularis of Linnaeus, Rhizoclonium rivulare of Kutzing).
Crow's-nest	A box or perch near the top of a mast, esp. in whalers, to shelter the man on the lookout.
Crowstep	See Corriestep.
Crowstone	The top stone of the gable end of a house.
Crowth	An ancient musical instrument. See 4th Crowd.
Crowtoe	The Lotus corniculatus.
Crowtoe	An unidentified plant, probably the crowfoot.
Crow-trodden	Marked with crow's-feet, or wrinkles, about the eyes.
Croylstone	Crystallized cawk, in which the crystals are small.
Croys	See Cross, n.
Croze	A cooper's tool for making the grooves for the heads of casks, etc.; also, the groove itself.
Crozier	See Crosier.
Croziered	Crosiered.
Crucial	Having the form of a cross; appertaining to a cross; cruciform; intersecting; as, crucial ligaments; a crucial incision.
Crucial	Severe; trying or searching, as if bringing to the cross; decisive; as, a crucial test.
Crucian carp	A kind of European carp (Carasius vulgaris), inferior to the common carp; -- called also German carp.
Cruciate	Tormented.
Cruciate	Having the leaves or petals arranged in the form of a cross; cruciform.
Cruciate	To torture; to torment. [Obs.] See Excruciate.
Cruciation	The act of torturing; torture; torment.
Crucible	A vessel or melting pot, composed of some very refractory substance, as clay, graphite, platinum, and used for melting and calcining substances which require a strong degree of heat, as metals, ores, etc.
Crucible	A hollow place at the bottom of a furnace, to receive the melted metal.
Crucible	A test of the most decisive kind; a severe trial; as, the crucible of affliction.
Crucifer	Any plant of the order Cruciferae.
Cruciferous	Bearing a cross.
Cruciferous	Of, pertaining to, or resembling, a family of plants which have four petals arranged like the arms of a cross, as the mustard, radish, turnip, etc.
Crucifier	One who crucifies; one who subjects himself or another to a painful trial.
Crucifixes	of Crucifix
Crucifix	A representation in art of the figure of Christ upon the cross; esp., the sculptured figure affixed to a real cross of wood, ivory, metal, or the like, used by the Roman Catholics in their devotions.
Crucifix	The cross or religion of Christ.
Crucifixion	The act of nailing or fastening a person to a cross, for the purpose of putting him to death; the use of the cross as a method of capital punishment.
Crucifixion	The state of one who is nailed or fastened to a cross; death upon a cross.
Crucifixion	Intense suffering or affliction; painful trial.
Cruciform	Cross-shaped; (Bot.) having four parts arranged in the form of a cross.
Crucified	of Crucify
Crucifying	of Crucify
Crucify	To fasten to a cross; to put to death by nailing the hands and feet to a cross or gibbet.
Crucify	To destroy the power or ruling influence of; to subdue completely; to mortify.
Crucify	To vex or torment.
Crucigerous	Bearing the cross; marked with the figure of a cross.
Crud	See Curd.
Cruddle	To curdle.
Crude	In its natural state; not cooked or prepared by fire or heat; undressed; not altered, refined, or prepared for use by any artificial process; raw; as, crude flesh.
Crude	Unripe; not mature or perfect; immature.
Crude	Not reduced to order or form; unfinished; not arranged or prepared; ill-considered; immature.
Crude	Undigested; unconcocted; not brought into a form to give nourishment.
Crude	Having, or displaying, superficial and undigested knowledge; without culture or profundity; as, a crude reasoner.
Crude	Harsh and offensive, as a color; tawdry or in bad taste, as a combination of colors, or any design or work of art.
Crudely	In a crude, immature manner.
Crudeness	A crude, undigested, or unprepared state; rawness; unripeness; immatureness; unfitness for a destined use or purpose; as, the crudeness of iron ore; crudeness of theories or plans.
Crudities	of Crudity
Crudity	The condition of being crude; rawness.
Crudity	That which is in a crude or undigested state; hence, superficial, undigested views, not reduced to order or form.
Crudle	See Cruddle.
Crudy	Coagulated.
Crudy	Characterized by crudeness; raw.
Cruel	See Crewel.
Cruel	Disposed to give pain to others; willing or pleased to hurt, torment, or afflict; destitute of sympathetic kindness and pity; savage; inhuman; hard-hearted; merciless.
Cruel	Causing, or fitted to cause, pain, grief, or misery.
Cruel	Attended with cruetly; painful; harsh.
Cruelly	In a cruel manner.
Cruelly	Extremely; very.
Cruelness	Cruelty.
Cruels	Glandular scrofulous swellings in the neck.
Cruelties	of Cruelty
Cruelty	The attribute or quality of being cruel; a disposition to give unnecessary pain or suffering to others; inhumanity; barbarity.
Cruelty	A cruel and barbarous deed; inhuman treatment; the act of willfully causing unnecessary pain.
Cruentate	Smeared with blood.
Cruentous	Bloody; cruentate.
Cruet	A bottle or vessel; esp., a vial or small glass bottle for holding vinegar, oil, pepper, or the like, for the table; a caster.
Cruet	A vessel used to hold wine, oil, or water for the service of the altar.
Cruise	See Cruse, a small bottle.
Cruised	of Cruise
Cruising	of Cruise
Cruise	To sail back and forth on the ocean; to sail, as for the potection of commerce, in search of an enemy, for plunder, or for pleasure.
Cruise	To wander hither and thither on land.
Cruise	A voyage made in various directions, as of an armed vessel, for the protection of other vessels, or in search of an enemy; a sailing to and fro, as for exploration or for pleasure.
Cruiser	One who, or a vessel that, cruises; -- usually an armed vessel.
Cruive	A kind of weir or dam for trapping salmon; also, a hovel.
Crull	Curly; curled.
Cruller	A kind of sweet cake cut in strips and curled or twisted, and fried crisp in boiling fat.
Crumb	A small fragment or piece; especially, a small piece of bread or other food, broken or cut off.
Crumb	Fig.: A little; a bit; as, a crumb of comfort.
Crumb	The soft part of bread.
Crumbed	of Crumb
Crumbing	of Crumb
Crumb	To break into crumbs or small pieces with the fingers; as, to crumb bread.
Crumbcloth	A cloth to be laid under a dining table to receive falling fragments, and keep the carpet or floor clean.
Crumbled	of Crumble
Crumbling	of Crumble
Crumble	To break into small pieces; to cause to fall in pieces.
Crumble	To fall into small pieces; to break or part into small fragments; hence, to fall to decay or ruin; to become disintegrated; to perish.
Crumbly	EAsily crumbled; friable; brittle.
Crumenal	A purse.
Crummable	Capable of being crumbed or broken into small pieces.
Crummy	Full of crumb or crumbs.
Crummy	Soft, as the crumb of bread is; not crusty.
Crump	Crooked; bent.
Crump	Hard or crusty; dry baked; as, a crump loaf.
Crumpet	A kind of large, thin muffin or cake, light and spongy, and cooked on a griddle or spider.
Crumpled	of Crumple
Crumpling	of Crumple
Crumple	To draw or press into wrinkles or folds; to crush together; to rumple; as, to crumple paper.
Crumple	To contract irregularly; to show wrinkles after being crushed together; as, leaves crumple.
Crumpy	Brittle; crisp.
Crunched	of Crunch
Crunching	of Crunch
Crunch	To chew with force and noise; to craunch.
Crunch	To grind or press with violence and noise.
Crunch	To emit a grinding or craunching noise.
Crunch	To crush with the teeth; to chew with a grinding noise; to craunch; as, to crunch a biscuit.
Crunk	Alt. of Crunkle
Crunkle	To cry like a crane.
Crunodal	Possessing, or characterized by, a crunode; -- used of curves.
Crunode	A point where one branch of a curve crosses another branch. See Double point, under Double, a.
Cruor	The coloring matter of the blood; the clotted portion of coagulated blood, containing the coloring matter; gore.
Cruorin	The coloring matter of the blood in the living animal; haemoglobin.
Crup	Short; brittle; as, crup cake.
Crup	See Croup, the rump of a horse.
Crupper	The buttocks or rump of a horse.
Crupper	A leather loop, passing under a horse's tail, and buckled to the saddle to keep it from slipping forwards.
Crupper	To fit with a crupper; to place a crupper upon; as, to crupper a horse.
Crura	See Crus.
Crural	Of or pertaining to the thigh or leg, or to any of the parts called crura; as, the crural arteries; crural arch; crural canal; crural ring.
Crura	of Crus
Crus	That part of the hind limb between the femur, or thigh, and the ankle, or tarsus; the shank.
Crus	Often applied, especially in the plural, to parts which are supposed to resemble a pair of legs; as, the crura of the diaphragm, a pair of muscles attached to it; crura cerebri, two bundles of nerve fibers in the base of the brain, connecting the medulla and the forebrain.
Crusade	Any one of the military expeditions undertaken by Christian powers, in the 11th, 12th, and 13th centuries, for the recovery of the Holy Land from the Mohammedans.
Crusade	Any enterprise undertaken with zeal and enthusiasm; as, a crusade against intemperance.
Crusade	A Portuguese coin. See Crusado.
Crusaded	of Crusade
Crusading	of Crusade
Crusade	To engage in a crusade; to attack in a zealous or hot-headed manner.
Crusader	One engaged in a crusade; as, the crusaders of the Middle Ages.
Crusading	Of or pertaining to a crusade; as, a crusading spirit.
Crusado	An old Portuguese coin, worth about seventy cents.
Cruse	A cup or dish.
Cruse	A bottle for holding water, oil, honey, etc.
Cruset	A goldsmith's crucible or melting pot.
Crushed	of Crush
Crushing	of Crush
Crush	To press or bruise between two hard bodies; to squeeze, so as to destroy the natural shape or integrity of the parts, or to force together into a mass; as, to crush grapes.
Crush	To reduce to fine particles by pounding or grinding; to comminute; as, to crush quartz.
Crush	To overwhelm by pressure or weight; to beat or force down, as by an incumbent weight.
Crush	To oppress or burden grievously.
Crush	To overcome completely; to subdue totally.
Crush	To be or become broken down or in, or pressed into a smaller compass, by external weight or force; as, an eggshell crushes easily.
Crush	A violent collision or compression; a crash; destruction; ruin.
Crush	Violent pressure, as of a crowd; a crowd which produced uncomfortable pressure; as, a crush at a peception.
Crusher	One who, or that which, crushes.
Crushing	That crushes; overwhelming.
Crust	The hard external coat or covering of anything; the hard exterior surface or outer shell; an incrustation; as, a crust of snow.
Crust	The hard exterior or surface of bread, in distinction from the soft part or crumb; or a piece of bread grown dry or hard.
Crust	The cover or case of a pie, in distinction from the soft contents.
Crust	The dough, or mass of doughy paste, cooked with a potpie; -- also called dumpling.
Crust	The exterior portion of the earth, formerly universally supposed to inclose a molten interior.
Crust	The shell of crabs, lobsters, etc.
Crust	A hard mass, made up of dried secretions blood, or pus, occurring upon the surface of the body.
Crust	An incrustation on the interior of wine bottles, the result of the ripening of the wine; a deposit of tartar, etc. See Beeswing.
Crusted	of Crust
Crusting	of Crust
Crust	To cover with a crust; to cover or line with an incrustation; to incrust.
Crust	To gather or contract into a hard crust; to become incrusted.
Crusta	A crust or shell.
Crusta	A gem engraved, or a plate embossed in low relief, for inlaying a vase or other object.
Crustacea	One of the classes of the arthropods, including lobsters and crabs; -- so called from the crustlike shell with which they are covered.
Crustacean	Of or pertaining to the Crustacea; crustaceous.
Crustacean	An animal belonging to the class Crustacea.
Crustaceological	Pertaining to crustaceology.
Crustaceologist	One versed in crustaceology; a crustalogist.
Crustaceology	That branch of Zoology which treats of the Crustacea; malacostracology; carcinology.
Crustaceous	Pertaining to, or of the nature of, crust or shell; having a crustlike shell.
Crustaceous	Belonging to the Crustacea; crustacean.
Crustaceousness	The state or quality of being crustaceous or having a crustlike shell.
Crustal	Relating to a crust.
Crustalogical	Pertaining to crustalogy.
Crustalogist	One versed in crustalogy.
Crustalogy	Crustaceology.
Crustated	Covered with a crust; as, crustated basalt.
Crustation	An adherent crust; an incrustation.
Crusted	Incrusted; covered with, or containing, crust; as, old, crusted port wine.
Crustific	Producing or forming a crust or skin.
Crustily	In a crusty or surly manner; morosely.
Crustiness	The state or quality of having crust or being like crust; hardness.
Crustiness	The quality of being crusty or surly.
Crusty	Having the nature of crust; pertaining to a hard covering; as, a crusty coat; a crusty surface or substance.
Crusty	Having a hard exterior, or a short, rough manner, though kind at heart; snappish; peevish; surly.
Crut	The rough, shaggy part of oak bark.
Crutches	of Crutch
Crutch	A staff with a crosspiece at the head, to be placed under the arm or shoulder, to support the lame or infirm in walking.
Crutch	A form of pommel for a woman's saddle, consisting of a forked rest to hold the leg of the rider.
Crutch	A knee, or piece of knee timber
Crutch	A forked stanchion or post; a crotch. See Crotch.
Crutch	To support on crutches; to prop up.
Crutched	Supported upon crutches.
Crutched	Marked with the sign of the cross; crouched.
Cruth	See 4th Crowd.
Cruxes	of Crux
Cruces	of Crux
Crux	Anything that is very puzzling or difficult to explain.
Cruzado	A coin. See Crusado.
Crwth	See 4th Crowd.
Cried	of Cry
Crying	of Cry
Cry	To make a loud call or cry; to call or exclaim vehemently or earnestly; to shout; to vociferate; to proclaim; to pray; to implore.
Cry	To utter lamentations; to lament audibly; to express pain, grief, or distress, by weeping and sobbing; to shed tears; to bawl, as a child.
Cry	To utter inarticulate sounds, as animals.
Cry	To utter loudly; to call out; to shout; to sound abroad; to declare publicly.
Cry	To cause to do something, or bring to some state, by crying or weeping; as, to cry one's self to sleep.
Cry	To make oral and public proclamation of; to declare publicly; to notify or advertise by outcry, especially things lost or found, goods to be sold, ets.; as, to cry goods, etc.
Cry	to publish the banns of, as for marriage.
Cries	of Cry
Cry	A loud utterance; especially, the inarticulate sound produced by one of the lower animals; as, the cry of hounds; the cry of wolves.
Cry	Outcry; clamor; tumult; popular demand.
Cry	Any expression of grief, distress, etc., accompanied with tears or sobs; a loud sound, uttered in lamentation.
Cry	Loud expression of triumph or wonder or of popular acclamation or favor.
Cry	Importunate supplication.
Cry	Public advertisement by outcry; proclamation, as by hawkers of their wares.
Cry	Common report; fame.
Cry	A word or phrase caught up by a party or faction and repeated for effect; as, the party cry of the Tories.
Cry	A pack of hounds.
Cry	A pack or company of persons; -- in contempt.
Cry	The crackling noise made by block tin when it is bent back and forth.
Cryal	The heron
Cryer	The female of the hawk; a falcon-gentil.
Crying	Calling for notice; compelling attention; notorious; heinous; as, a crying evil.
Cryohydrate	A substance, as salt, ammonium chloride, etc., which crystallizes with water of crystallization only at low temperatures, or below the freezing point of water.
Cryolite	A fluoride of sodium and aluminum, found in Greenland, in white cleavable masses; -- used as a source of soda and alumina.
Cryophorus	An instrument used to illustrate the freezing of water by its own evaporation. The ordinary form consists of two glass bulbs, connected by a tube of the same material, and containing only a quantity of water and its vapor, devoid of air. The water is in one of the bulbs, and freezes when the other is cooled below 32 Fahr.
Crypt	A vault wholly or partly under ground; especially, a vault under a church, whether used for burial purposes or for a subterranean chapel or oratory.
Crypt	A simple gland, glandular cavity, or tube; a follicle; as, the crypts of Lieberk/hn, the simple tubular glands of the small intestines.
Cryptal	Of or pertaining to crypts.
Cryptic	Alt. of Cryptical
Cryptical	Hidden; secret; occult.
Cryptically	Secretly; occultly.
Cryptidine	One of the quinoline bases, obtained from coal tar as an oily liquid, C11H11N; also, any one of several substances metameric with, and resembling, cryptidine proper.
Cryptobranchiata	A division of the Amphibia; the Derotremata.
Cryptobranchiata	A group of nudibranch mollusks.
Cryptobranchiate	Having concealed or rudimentary gills.
Cryptocrystalline	Indistinctly crystalline; -- applied to rocks and minerals, whose state of aggregation is so fine that no distinct particles are visible, even under the microscope.
Cryptogam	A plant belonging to the Cryptogamia.
Cryptogamiae	of Cryptogamia
Cryptogamia	The series or division of flowerless plants, or those never having true stamens and pistils, but propagated by spores of various kinds.
Cryptogamian	Alt. of Cryptogamous
Cryptogamic	Alt. of Cryptogamous
Cryptogamous	Of or pertaining to the series Cryptogamia, or to plants of that series.
Cryptogamist	One skilled in cryptogamic botany.
Cryptogram	A cipher writing. Same as Cryptograph.
Cryptograph	Cipher; something written in cipher.
Cryptographal	Pertaining to cryptography; cryptographical.
Cryptographer	One who writes in cipher, or secret characters.
Cryptographic	Alt. of Cryptographical
Cryptographical	Relating to cryptography; written in secret characters or in cipher, or with sympathetic ink.
Cryptographist	Same as Cryptographer.
Cryptography	The act or art of writing in secret characters; also, secret characters, or cipher.
Cryptology	Secret or enigmatical language.
Cryptonym	A secret name; a name by which a person is known only to the initiated.
Cryptopine	A colorless crystalline alkaloid obtained in small quantities from opium.
Crypturi	An order of flying, drom/ognathous birds, including the tinamous of South America. See Tinamou.
Crystal	The regular form which a substance tends to assume in solidifying, through the inherent power of cohesive attraction. It is bounded by plane surfaces, symmetrically arranged, and each species of crystal has fixed axial ratios. See Crystallization.
Crystal	The material of quartz, in crystallization transparent or nearly so, and either colorless or slightly tinged with gray, or the like; -- called also rock crystal. Ornamental vessels are made of it. Cf. Smoky quartz, Pebble; also Brazilian pebble, under Brazilian.
Crystal	A species of glass, more perfect in its composition and manufacture than common glass, and often cut into ornamental forms. See Flint glass.
Crystal	The glass over the dial of a watch case.
Crystal	Anything resembling crystal, as clear water, etc.
Crystal	Consisting of, or like, crystal; clear; transparent; lucid; pellucid; crystalline.
Crystallin	See Gobulin.
Crystalline	Consisting, or made, of crystal.
Crystalline	Formed by crystallization; like crystal in texture.
Crystalline	Imperfectly crystallized; as, granite is only crystalline, while quartz crystal is perfectly crystallized.
Crystalline	Fig.: Resembling crystal; pure; transparent; pellucid.
Crystalline	A crystalline substance.
Crystalline	See Aniline.
Crystallite	A minute mineral form like those common in glassy volcanic rocks and some slags, not having a definite crystalline outline and not referable to any mineral species, but marking the first step in the crystallization process. According to their form crystallites are called trichites, belonites, globulites, etc.
Crystallizable	Capable of being crystallized; that may be formed into crystals.
Crystallization	The act or process by which a substance in solidifying assumes the form and structure of a crystal, or becomes crystallized.
Crystallization	The body formed by crystallizing; as, silver on precipitation forms arborescent crystallizations.
Crystallized	of Crystallize
Crystallizing	of Crystallize
Crystallize	To cause to form crystals, or to assume the crystalline form.
Crystallize	To be converted into a crystal; to take on a crystalline form, through the action of crystallogenic or cohesive attraction.
Crystallogenic	Alt. of Crystallogenical
Crystallogenical	Pertaining to the production of crystals; crystal-producing; as, crystallogenic attraction.
Crystallogeny	The science which pertains to the production of crystals.
Crystallographer	One who describes crystals, or the manner of their formation; one versed in crystallography.
Crystallographic	Alt. of Crystallographical
Crystallographical	Pertaining to crystallography.
Crystallographically	In the manner of crystallography.
Crystallography	The doctrine or science of crystallization, teaching the system of forms among crystals, their structure, and their methods of formation.
Crystallography	A discourse or treatise on crystallization.
Crystalloid	Crystal-like; transparent like crystal.
Crystalloid	A body which, in solution, diffuses readily through animal membranes, and generally is capable of being crystallized; -- opposed to colloid.
Crystalloid	One of the microscopic particles resembling crystals, consisting of protein matter, which occur in certain plant cells; -- called also protein crystal.
Cristallology	The science of the crystalline structure of inorganic bodies.
Crystallomancy	Divination by means of a crystal or other transparent body, especially a beryl.
Crystallometry	The art of measuring crystals.
Crystallurgy	Crystallization.
Ctenocyst	An organ of the Ctenophora, supposed to be sensory.
Ctenoid	Having a comblike margin, as a ctenoid scale
Ctenoid	Pertaining to the Ctenoidei.
Ctenoid	A ctenoidean.
Ctenoidean	Relating to the Ctenoidei.
Ctenoidean	One of the Ctenoidei.
Ctenoidei	A group of fishes, established by Agassiz, characterized by having scales with a pectinated margin, as in the perch. The group is now generally regarded as artificial.
Ctenophora	A class of Coelenterata, commonly ellipsoidal in shape, swimming by means of eight longitudinal rows of paddles. The separate paddles somewhat resemble combs.
Ctenophore	One of the Ctenophora.
Ctenophoric	Alt. of Ctenophorous
Ctenophorous	Of or pertaining to the Ctenophora.
Ctenostomata	A suborder of Bryozoa, usually having a circle of bristles below the tentacles.
Cub	A young animal, esp. the young of the bear.
Cub	Jocosely or in contempt, a boy or girl, esp. an awkward, rude, ill-mannered boy.
Cubbed	of Cub
Cubbing	of Cub
Cub	To bring forth; -- said of animals, or in contempt, of persons.
Cub	A stall for cattle.
Cub	A cupboard.
Cub	To shut up or confine.
Cuban	Of or pertaining to Cuba or its inhabitants.
Cuban	A native or an inhabitant of Cuba.
Cubation	The act of lying down; a reclining.
Cubatory	Lying down; recumbent.
Cubature	The process of determining the solid or cubic contents of a body.
Cubbridge-head	A bulkhead on the forecastle and half deck of a ship.
Cubby	Alt. of Cubbyhole
Cubbyhole	A snug or confined place.
Cubdrawn	Sucked by cubs.
Cube	A regular solid body, with six equal square sides.
Cube	The product obtained by taking a number or quantity three times as a factor; as, 4x4=16, and 16x4=64, the cube of 4.
Cubed	of Cube
Cubing	of Cube
Cube	To raise to the third power; to obtain the cube of.
Cubeb	The small, spicy berry of a species of pepper (Piper Cubeba; in med., Cubeba officinalis), native in Java and Borneo, but now cultivated in various tropical countries. The dried unripe fruit is much used in medicine as a stimulant and purgative.
Cubebic	Pertaining to, or derived from, cubebs; as, cubebic acid (a soft olive-green resin extracted from cubebs).
Cubhood	The state of being a cub.
Cubic	Alt. of Cubical
Cubical	Having the form or properties of a cube; contained, or capable of being contained, in a cube.
Cubical	Isometric or monometric; as, cubic cleavage. See Crystallization.
Cubic	A curve of the third degree.
Cubically	In a cubical method.
Cubicalness	The quality of being cubical.
Cubicle	A loding room; esp., a sleeping place partitioned off from a large dormitory.
Cubicular	Belonging to a chamber or bedroom.
Cubiform	Of the form of a cube.
Cubile	The lowest course of stones in a building.
Cubilose	A mucilagenous secretion of certain birds found as the characteristic ingredient of edible bird's-nests.
Cubit	The forearm; the ulna, a bone of the arm extending from elbow to wrist.
Cubit	A measure of length, being the distance from the elbow to the extremity of the middle finger.
Cubital	Of or pertaining to the cubit or ulna; as, the cubital nerve; the cubital artery; the cubital muscle.
Cubital	Of the length of a cubit.
Cubital	A sleeve covering the arm from the elbow to the hand.
Cubited	Having the measure of a cubit.
Cubless	Having no cubs.
Cuboid	Cube-shaped, or nearly so; as, the cuboid bone of the foot.
Cuboid	The bone of the tarsus, which, in man and most mammals, supports the metatarsals of the fourth and fifth toes.
Cuboidal	Cuboid.
Cubo-octahedral	Presenting a combination of a cube and an octahedron.
Cubo-octahedron	A combination of a cube and octahedron, esp. one in which the octahedral faces meet at the middle of the cubic edges.
Cuca	See Coca.
Cucking stool	A kind of chair formerly used for punishing scolds, and also dishonest tradesmen, by fastening them in it, usually in front of their doors, to be pelted and hooted at by the mob, but sometimes to be taken to the water and ducked; -- called also a castigatory, a tumbrel, and a trebuchet; and often, but not so correctly, a ducking stool.
Cuckold	A man whose wife is unfaithful; the husband of an adulteress.
Cuckold	A West Indian plectognath fish (Ostracion triqueter).
Cuckold	The cowfish.
Cuckolded	of Cuckold
Cuckolding	of Cuckold
Cuckold	To make a cuckold of, as a husband, by seducing his wife, or by her becoming an adulteress.
Cuckoldize	To cuckold.
Cuckoldly	Having the qualities of a cuckold; mean-spirited; sneaking.
Cuckoldom	The state of a cuckold; cuckolds, collectively.
Cuckoldry	The state of being a cuckold; the practice of making cuckolds.
Cuckold's knot	A hitch or knot, by which a rope is secured to a spar, the two parts of the rope being crossed and seized together; -- called also cuckold's neck.
Cuckoo	A bird belonging to Cuculus, Coccyzus, and several allied genera, of many species.
Cuckoobud	A species of Ranunculus (R. bulbosus); -- called also butterflower, buttercup, kingcup, goldcup.
Cuckooflower	A species of Cardamine (C. pratensis), or lady's smock. Its leaves are used in salads. Also, the ragged robin (Lychnis Flos-cuculi).
Cuckoopint	A plant of the genus Arum (A. maculatum); the European wake-robin.
Cucquean	A woman whose husband is unfaithful to her.
Cucujo	The fire beetle of Mexico and the West Indies.
Cucullate	Alt. of Cucullated
Cucullated	Hooded; cowled; covered, as with a hood.
Cucullated	Having the edges toward the base rolled inward, as the leaf of the commonest American blue violet.
Cucullated	Having the prothorax elevated so as to form a sort of hood, receiving the head, as in certain insects.
Cucullated	Having a hoodlike crest on the head, as certain birds, mammals, and reptiles.
Cuculoid	Like or belonging to the cuckoos (Cuculidae).
Cucumber	A creeping plant, and its fruit, of several species of the genus Cucumis, esp. Cucumis sativus, the unripe fruit of which is eaten either fresh or picked. Also, similar plants or fruits of several other genera. See below.
Cucumiform	Having the form of a cucumber; having the form of a cylinder tapered and rounded at the ends, and either straight or curved.
Cucumis	A genus of plants including the cucumber, melon, and same kinds of gourds.
Cucurbit	Alt. of Cucurbite
Cucurbite	A vessel or flask for distillation, used with, or forming part of, an alembic; a matrass; -- originally in the shape of a gourd, with a wide mouth. See Alembic.
Cucurbitaceous	Of, pertaining to, or resembling, a family of plants of which the cucumber, melon, and gourd are common examples.
Cucurbitive	Having the shape of a gourd seed; -- said of certain small worms.
Cud	That portion of food which is brought up into the mouth by ruminating animals from their first stomach, to be chewed a second time.
Cud	A portion of tobacco held in the mouth and chewed; a quid.
Cud	The first stomach of ruminating beasts.
Cudbear	A powder of a violet red color, difficult to moisten with water, used for making violet or purple dye. It is prepared from certain species of lichen, especially Lecanora tartarea.
Cudbear	A lichen (Lecanora tartarea), from which the powder is obtained.
Cudden	A clown; a low rustic; a dolt.
Cudden	The coalfish. See 3d Cuddy.
Cuddled	of Cuddle
Cuddling	of Cuddle
Cuddle	To lie close or snug; to crouch; to nestle.
Cuddle	To embrace closely; to fondle.
Cuddle	A close embrace.
Cuddy	An ass; esp., one driven by a huckster or greengrocer.
Cuddy	A blockhead; a lout.
Cuddy	A lever mounted on a tripod for lifting stones, leveling up railroad ties, etc.
Cuddy	A small cabin: also, the galley or kitchen of a vessel.
Cuddy	The coalfish (Pollachius carbonarius).
Cudgel	A staff used in cudgel play, shorter than the quarterstaff, and wielded with one hand; hence, any heavy stick used as a weapon.
Cudgeled	of Cudgel
Cudgelled	of Cudgel
Cudgeling	of Cudgel
Cudgelling	of Cudgel
Cudgel	To beat with a cudgel.
Cudgeler	One who beats with a cudgel.
Cudweed	A small composite plant with cottony or silky stem and leaves, primarily a species of Gnaphalium, but the name is now given to many plants of different genera, as Filago, Antennaria, etc.; cottonweed.
Cue	The tail; the end of a thing; especially, a tail-like twist of hair worn at the back of the head; a queue.
Cue	The last words of a play actor's speech, serving as an intimation for the next succeeding player to speak; any word or words which serve to remind a player to speak or to do something; a catchword.
Cue	A hint or intimation.
Cue	The part one has to perform in, or as in, a play.
Cue	Humor; temper of mind.
Cue	A straight tapering rod used to impel the balls in playing billiards.
Cue	To form into a cue; to braid; to twist.
Cue	A small portion of bread or beer; the quantity bought with a farthing or half farthing.
Cuerpo	The body.
Cuffed	of Cuff
Cuffing	of Cuff
Cuff	To strike; esp., to smite with the palm or flat of the hand; to slap.
Cuff	To buffet.
Cuff	To fight; to scuffle; to box.
Cuff	A blow; esp.,, a blow with the open hand; a box; a slap.
Cuff	The fold at the end of a sleeve; the part of a sleeve turned back from the hand.
Cuff	Any ornamental appendage at the wrist, whether attached to the sleeve of the garment or separate; especially, in modern times, such an appendage of starched linen, or a substitute for it of paper, or the like.
Cuffy	A name for a negro.
Cufic	Of or pertaining to the older characters of the Arabic language.
Cuinage	The stamping of pigs of tin, by the proper officer, with the arms of the duchy of Cornwall.
Cuirasses	of Cuirass
Cuirass	A piece of defensive armor, covering the body from the neck to the girdle
Cuirass	The breastplate taken by itself.
Cuirass	An armor of bony plates, somewhat resembling a cuirass.
Cuirassed	Wearing a cuirass.
Cuirassed	Having a covering of bony plates, resembling a cuirass; -- said of certain fishes.
Cuirassier	A soldier armed with a cuirass.
Cuish	Defensive armor for the thighs.
Cuisine	The kitchen or cooking department.
Cuisine	Manner or style of cooking.
Culasse	The lower faceted portion of a brilliant-cut diamond.
Culdee	One of a class of anchorites who lived in various parts of Scotland, Ireland, and Wales.
Culs-de-sac	of Cul-de-sac
Cul-de-sac	A passage with only one outlet, as a street closed at one end; a blind alley; hence, a trap.
Cul-de-sac	a position in which an army finds itself with no way of exit but to the front.
Cul-de-sac	Any bag-shaped or tubular cavity, vessel, or organ, open only at one end.
Culerage	See Culrage.
Culex	A genus of dipterous insects, including the gnat and mosquito.
Culiciform	Gnat-shaped.
Culinarily	In the manner of a kitchen; in connection with a kitchen or cooking.
Culinary	Relating to the kitchen, or to the art of cookery; used in kitchens; as, a culinary vessel; the culinary art.
Culled	of Cull
Culling	of Cull
Cull	To separate, select, or pick out; to choose and gather or collect; as, to cull flowers.
Cull	A cully; a dupe; a gull. See Cully.
Cullender	A strainer. See Colander.
Culler	One who picks or chooses; esp., an inspector who selects wares suitable for market.
Cullet	Broken glass for remelting.
Cullet	A small central plane in the back of a cut gem. See Collet, 3 (b).
Cullibility	Gullibility.
Cullible	Easily deceived; gullible.
Culling	The act of one who culls.
Culling	Anything separated or selected from a mass.
Cullion	A mean wretch; a base fellow; a poltroon; a scullion.
Cullionly	Mean; base.
Cullis	A strong broth of meat, strained and made clear for invalids; also, a savory jelly.
Cullises	of Cullis
Cullis	A gutter in a roof; a channel or groove.
Culls	Refuse timber, from which the best part has been culled out.
Culls	Any refuse stuff, as rolls not properly baked.
Cullies	of Cully
Cully	A person easily deceived, tricked, or imposed on; a mean dupe; a gull.
Cully	To trick, cheat, or impose on; to deceive.
Cullyism	The state of being a cully.
Culm	The stalk or stem of grain and grasses (including the bamboo), jointed and usually hollow.
Culm	Mineral coal that is not bituminous; anthracite, especially when found in small masses.
Culm	The waste of the Pennsylvania anthracite mines, consisting of fine coal, dust, etc., and used as fuel.
Culmen	Top; summit; acme.
Culmen	The dorsal ridge of a bird's bill.
Culmiferous	Having jointed stems or culms.
Culmiferous	Containing, or abounding in, culm or glance coal.
Culminal	Pertaining to a culmen.
Culminant	Being vertical, or at the highest point of altitude; hence, predominant.
Culminated	of Culminate
Culminating	of Culminate
Culminate	To reach its highest point of altitude; to come to the meridian; to be vertical or directly overhead.
Culminate	To reach the highest point, as of rank, size, power, numbers, etc.
Culminate	Growing upward, as distinguished from a lateral growth; -- applied to the growth of corals.
Culmination	The attainment of the highest point of altitude reached by a heavently body; passage across the meridian; transit.
Culmination	Attainment or arrival at the highest pitch of glory, power, etc.
Culpa	Negligence or fault, as distinguishable from dolus (deceit, fraud), which implies intent, culpa being imputable to defect of intellect, dolus to defect of heart.
Culpabilities	of Culpability
Culpability	The state of being culpable.
Culpable	Deserving censure; worthy of blame; faulty; immoral; criminal.
Culpable	Guilty; as, culpable of a crime.
Culpatory	Expressing blame; censuring; reprehensory; inculpating.
Culpe	Blameworthiness.
Culpon	A shred; a fragment; a strip of wood.
Culprit	One accused of, or arraigned for, a crime, as before a judge.
Culprit	One quilty of a fault; a criminal.
Culrage	Smartweed (Polygonum Hydropiper).
Cult	Attentive care; homage; worship.
Cult	A system of religious belief and worship.
Cultch	Empty oyster shells and other substances laid down on oyster grounds to furnish points for the attachment of the spawn of the oyster.
Culter	A colter. See Colter.
Cultirostral	Having a bill shaped like the colter of a plow, or like a knife, as the heron, stork, etc.
Cultirostres	A tribe of wading birds including the stork, heron, crane, etc.
Cultivable	Capable of being cultivated or tilled.
Cultivatable	Cultivable.
Cultivated	of Cultivate
Cultivating	of Cultivate
Cultivate	To bestow attention, care, and labor upon, with a view to valuable returns; to till; to fertilize; as, to cultivate soil.
Cultivate	To direct special attention to; to devote time and thought to; to foster; to cherish.
Cultivate	To seek the society of; to court intimacy with.
Cultivate	To improve by labor, care, or study; to impart culture to; to civilize; to refine.
Cultivate	To raise or produce by tillage; to care for while growing; as, to cultivate corn or grass.
Cultivation	The art or act of cultivating; improvement for agricultural purposes or by agricultural processes; tillage; production by tillage.
Cultivation	Bestowal of time or attention for self-improvement or for the benefit of others; fostering care.
Cultivation	The state of being cultivated; advancement in physical, intellectual, or moral condition; refinement; culture.
Cultivator	One who cultivates; as, a cultivator of the soil; a cultivator of literature.
Cultivator	An agricultural implement used in the tillage of growing crops, to loosen the surface of the earth and kill the weeds; esp., a triangular frame set with small shares, drawn by a horse and by handles.
Cultrate	Alt. of Cultrated
Cultrated	Sharp-edged and pointed; shaped like a pruning knife, as the beak of certain birds.
Cultriform	Shaped like a pruning knife; cultrate.
Cultrivorous	Devouring knives; swallowing, or pretending to swallow, knives; -- applied to persons who have swallowed, or have seemed to swallow, knives with impunity.
Culturable	Capable of, or fit for, being cultivated; capable or becoming cultured.
Cultural	Of or pertaining to culture.
Culture	The act or practice of cultivating, or of preparing the earth for seed and raising crops by tillage; as, the culture of the soil.
Culture	The act of, or any labor or means employed for, training, disciplining, or refining the moral and intellectual nature of man; as, the culture of the mind.
Culture	The state of being cultivated; result of cultivation; physical improvement; enlightenment and discipline acquired by mental and moral training; civilization; refinement in manners and taste.
Cultured	of Culture
Culturing	of Culture
Culture	To cultivate; to educate.
Cultured	Under culture; cultivated.
Cultured	Characterized by mental and moral training; disciplined; refined; well-educated.
Cultureless	Having no culture.
Culturist	A cultivator.
Culturist	One who is an advocate of culture.
Cultuses	of Cultus
Cultus	Established or accepted religious rites or usages of worship; state of religious development.  Cf. Cult, 2.
Cultus cod	See Cod, and Buffalo cod, under Buffalo.
Culver	A dove.
Culver	A culverin.
Culverhouse	A dovecote.
Culverin	A long cannon of the 16th century, usually an 18-pounder with serpent-shaped handles.
Culverkey	A bunch of the keys or samaras of the ash tree.
Culverkey	An English meadow plant, perhaps the columbine or the bluebell squill (Scilla nutans).
Culvert	A transverse drain or waterway of masonry under a road, railroad, canal, etc.; a small bridge.
Culvertail	Dovetail.
Culvertailed	United or fastened by a dovetailed joint.
Cumacea	An order of marine Crustacea, mostly of small size.
Cumbent	Lying down; recumbent.
Cumbered	of Cumber
Cumbering	of Cumber
Cumber	To rest upon as a troublesome or useless weight or load; to be burdensome or oppressive to; to hinder or embarrass in attaining an object, to obstruct or occupy uselessly; to embarrass; to trouble.
Cumber	Trouble; embarrassment; distress.
Cumbersome	Burdensome or hindering, as a weight or drag; embarrassing; vexatious; cumbrous.
Cumbersome	Not easily managed; as, a cumbersome contrivance or machine.
Cumbrance	Encumbrance.
Cumbrian	Pertaining to Cumberland, England, or to a system of rocks found there.
Cumbrous	Rendering action or motion difficult or toilsome; serving to obstruct or hinder; burdensome; clogging.
Cumbrous	Giving trouble; vexatious.
Cumene	A colorless oily hydrocarbon, C6H5.C3H7, obtained by the distillation of cuminic acid; -- called also cumol.
Cumfrey	See Comfrey.
Cumic	See Cuming.
Cumidine	A strong, liquid, organic base, C3H7.C6H4.NH2, homologous with aniline.
Cumin	A dwarf umbelliferous plant, somewhat resembling fennel (Cuminum Cyminum), cultivated for its seeds, which have a bitterish, warm taste, with an aromatic flavor, and are used like those of anise and caraway.
Cuminic	Pertaining to, or derived from, cumin, or from oil of caraway; as, cuminic acid.
Cuminil	A substance, analogous to benzil, obtained from oil of caraway.
Cuminol	A liquid, C3H7.C6H4.CHO, obtained from oil of caraway; -- called also cuminic aldehyde.
Cummin	Same as Cumin.
Cumshaw	A present or bonus; -- originally applied to that paid on ships which entered the port of Canton.
Cumshaw	To give or make a present to.
Cumu-cirro-stratus	Nimbus, or rain cloud. See Nimbus, and Cloud.
Cumulated	of Cumulate
Cumulating	of Cumulate
Cumulate	To gather or throw into a heap; to heap together; to accumulate.
Cumulation	The act of heaping together; a heap. See Accumulation.
Cumulatist	One who accumulates; one who collects.
Cumulative	Composed of parts in a heap; forming a mass; aggregated.
Cumulative	Augmenting, gaining, or giving force, by successive additions; as, a cumulative argument, i. e., one whose force increases as the statement proceeds.
Cumulative	Tending to prove the same point to which other evidence has been offered; -- said of evidence.
Cumulative	Given by same testator to the same legatee; -- said of a legacy.
Cumulose	Full of heaps.
Cumulostratus	A form of cloud. See Cloud.
Cumuli	of Cumulus
Cumulus	One of the four principal forms of clouds. SeeCloud.
Cun	To con (a ship).
Cun	To know. See Con.
Cunabula	The earliest abode; original dwelling place; originals; as, the cunabula of the human race.
Cunabula	The extant copies of the first or earliest printed books, or of such as were printed in the 15th century.
Cunctation	Delay; procrastination.
Cunctative	Slow; tardy; dilatory; causing delay.
Cunctator	One who delays or lingers.
Cunctipotent	All-powerful; omnipotent.
Cund	To con (a ship).
Cundurango	The bark of a South American vine (Gonolobus Condurango) of the Milkweed family. It has been supposed, but erroneously, to be a cure for cancer.
Cuneal	Relating to a wedge; wedge-shaped.
Cuneate	Alt. of Cuneated
Cuneated	Wedge-shaped
Cuneated	wedge-shaped, with the point at the base; as, a cuneate leaf.
Cuneatic	Cuneiform.
Cuneiform	Alt. of Cuniform
Cuniform	Wedge-shaped; as, a cuneiform bone; -- especially applied to the wedge-shaped or arrowheaded characters of ancient Persian and Assyrian inscriptions. See Arrowheaded.
Cuniform	Pertaining to, or versed in, the ancient wedge-shaped characters, or the inscriptions in them.
Cuneiform	Alt. of Cuniform
Cuniform	The wedge-shaped characters used in ancient Persian and Assyrian inscriptions.
Cuniform	One of the three tarsal bones supporting the first, second third metatarsals. They are usually designated as external, middle, and internal, or ectocuniform, mesocuniform, and entocuniform, respectively.
Cuniform	One of the carpal bones usually articulating with the ulna; -- called also pyramidal and ulnare.
Cunette	A drain trench, in a ditch or moat; -- called also cuvette.
Cunner	A small edible fish of the Atlantic coast (Ctenolabrus adspersus); -- called also chogset, burgall, blue perch, and bait stealer.
Cunner	A small shellfish; the limpet or patella.
Cunning	Knowing; skillful; dexterous.
Cunning	Wrought with, or exhibiting, skill or ingenuity; ingenious; curious; as, cunning work.
Cunning	Crafty; sly; artful; designing; deceitful.
Cunning	Pretty or pleasing; as, a cunning little boy.
Cunning	Knowledge; art; skill; dexterity.
Cunning	The faculty or act of using stratagem to accomplish a purpose; fraudulent skill or dexterity; deceit; craft.
Cunningly	In a cunning manner; with cunning.
Cunningman	A fortune teller; one who pretends to reveal mysteries.
Cunningness	Quality of being cunning; craft.
Cup	A small vessel, used commonly to drink from; as, a tin cup, a silver cup, a wine cup; especially, in modern times, the pottery or porcelain vessel, commonly with a handle, used with a saucer in drinking tea, coffee, and the like.
Cup	The contents of such a vessel; a cupful.
Cup	Repeated potations; social or excessive indulgence in intoxicating drinks; revelry.
Cup	That which is to be received or indured; that which is allotted to one; a portion.
Cup	Anything shaped like a cup; as, the cup of an acorn, or of a flower.
Cup	A cupping glass or other vessel or instrument used to produce the vacuum in cupping.
Cupped	of Cup
Cupping	of Cup
Cup	To supply with cups of wine.
Cup	To apply a cupping apparatus to; to subject to the operation of cupping. See Cupping.
Cup	To make concave or in the form of a cup; as, to cup the end of a screw.
Cupbearer	One whose office it is to fill and hand the cups at an entertainment.
Cupbearer	One of the attendants of a prince or noble, permanently charged with the performance of this office for his master.
Cupboard	A board or shelf for cups and dishes.
Cupboard	A small closet in a room, with shelves to receive cups, dishes, food, etc.; hence, any small closet.
Cupboard	To collect, as into a cupboard; to hoard.
Cupel	A shallow porous cup, used in refining precious metals, commonly made of bone ashes (phosphate of lime).
Cupelled	of Cupel
Cupelling	of Cupel
Cupel	To refine by means of a cupel.
Cupellation	The act or process of refining gold or silver, etc., in a cupel.
Cupfuls	of Cupful
Cupful	As much as a cup will hold.
Cup-gall	A kind of oak-leaf gall. See Gall.
Cupid	The god of love, son of Venus; usually represented as a naked, winged boy with bow and arrow.
Cupidity	A passionate desire; love.
Cupidity	Eager or inordinate desire, especially for wealth; greed of gain; avarice; covetousness
Cup-moss	A kind of lichen, of the genus Cladonia.
Cupolas	of Cupola
Cupola	A roof having a rounded form, hemispherical or nearly so; also, a ceiling having the same form. When on a large scale it is usually called dome.
Cupola	A small structure standing on the top of a dome; a lantern.
Cupola	A furnace for melting iron or other metals in large quantity, -- used chiefly in foundries and steel works.
Cupola	A revolving shot-proof turret for heavy ordnance.
Cupola	The top of the spire of the cochlea of the ear.
Cupper	One who performs the operation of cupping.
Cupping	The operation of drawing blood to or from the surface of the person by forming a partial vacuum over the spot. Also, sometimes, a similar operation for drawing pus from an abscess.
Cupreous	Consisting of copper or resembling copper; coppery.
Cupric	Of, pertaining to, or derived from, copper; containing copper; -- said of those compounds of copper in which this element is present in its lowest proportion.
Cupriferous	Containing copper; as, cupriferous silver.
Cuprite	The red oxide of copper; red copper; an important ore of copper, occurring massive and in isometric crystals.
Cuproid	A solid related to a tetrahedron, and contained under twelve equal triangles.
Cup-rose	Red poppy. See Cop-rose.
Cuprous	Of, pertaining to, or derived from, copper; containing copper; -- said of those compounds of copper in which this element is present in its highest proportion.
Cuprum	Copper.
Cupulate	Having or bearing cupules; cupuliferous.
Cupule	A cuplet or little cup, as of the acorn; the husk or bur of the filbert, chestnut, etc.
Cupule	A sucker or acetabulum.
Cupuliferous	Of, pertaining to, or resembling, the family of plants of which the oak and the chestnut are examples, -- trees bearing a smooth, solid nut inclosed in some kind of cup or bur; bearing, or furnished with, a cupule.
Cur	A mongrel or inferior dog.
Cur	A worthless, snarling fellow; -- used in contempt.
Curability	The state of being curable; curableness.
Curable	Capable of being cured; admitting remedy.
Curacao	Alt. of Curacoa
Curacoa	A liqueur, or cordial, flavored with orange peel, cinnamon, and mace; -- first made at the island of Curaccao.
Curacies	of Curacy
Curacy	The office or employment of a curate.
Curare	Alt. of Curari
Curari	A black resinoid extract prepared by the South American Indians from the bark of several species of Strychnos (S. toxifera, etc.). It sometimes has little effect when taken internally, but is quickly fatal when introduced into the blood, and used by the Indians as an arrow poison.
Curarine	A deadly alkaloid extracted from the curare poison and from the Strychnos toxifera. It is obtained in crystalline colorless salts.
Curarize	To poison with curare.
Curassow	A large gallinaceous bird of the American genera Crax, Ourax, etc., of the family Cracidae.
Curat	A cuirass or breastplate.
Curate	One who has the cure of souls; originally, any clergyman, but now usually limited to one who assists a rector or vicar.
Curateship	A curacy.
Curation	Cure; healing.
Curative	Relating to, or employed in, the cure of diseases; tending to cure.
Curator	One who has the care and superintendence of anything, as of a museum; a custodian; a keeper.
Curator	One appointed to act as guardian of the estate of a person not legally competent to manage it, or of an absentee; a trustee; a guardian.
Curatorship	The office of a curator.
Curatrix	A woman who cures.
Curatrix	A woman who is a guardian or custodian.
Curbed	of Curb
Curbing	of Curb
Curb	To bend or curve
Curb	To guide and manage, or restrain, as with a curb; to bend to one's will; to subject; to subdue; to restrain; to confine; to keep in check.
Curb	To furnish wich a curb, as a well; also, to restrain by a curb, as a bank of earth.
Curb	To bend; to crouch; to cringe.
Curb	That which curbs, restrains, or subdues; a check or hindrance; esp., a chain or strap attached to the upper part of the branches of a bit, and capable of being drawn tightly against the lower jaw of the horse.
Curb	An assemblage of three or more pieces of timber, or a metal member, forming a frame around an opening, and serving to maintain the integrity of that opening; also, a ring of stone serving a similar purpose, as at the eye of a dome.
Curb	A frame or wall round the mouth of a well; also, a frame within a well to prevent the earth caving in.
Curb	A curbstone.
Curb	A swelling on the back part of the hind leg of a horse, just behind the lowest part of the hock joint, generally causing lameness.
Curbless	Having no curb or restraint.
Curb roof	A roof having a double slope, or composed, on each side, of two parts which have unequal inclination; a gambrel roof.
Curbstone	A stone /et along a margin as a and protection, as along the edge of a sidewalk next the roadway; an edge stone.
Curch	See Courche.
Curculios	of Curculio
Curculio	One of a large group of beetles (Rhynchophora) of many genera; -- called also weevils, snout beetles, billbeetles, and billbugs. Many of the species are very destructive, as the plum curculio, the corn, grain, and rice weevils, etc.
Curculionidous	Pertaining to the Curculionideae, or weevil tribe.
Curcuma	A genus of plants of the order Scitamineae, including the turmeric plant (Curcuma longa).
Curcumin	The coloring principle of turmeric, or curcuma root, extracted as an orange yellow crystalline substance, C14H14O4, with a green fluorescence.
Curd	The coagulated or thickened part of milk, as distinguished from the whey, or watery part. It is eaten as food, especially when made into cheese.
Curd	The coagulated part of any liquid.
Curd	The edible flower head of certain brassicaceous plants, as the broccoli and cauliflower.
Curded	of Curd
Curding	of Curd
Curd	To cause to coagulate or thicken; to cause to congeal; to curdle.
Curd	To become coagulated or thickened; to separate into curds and whey
Curdiness	The state of being curdy.
Curdle	To change into curd; to coagulate; as, rennet causes milk to curdle.
Curdle	To thicken; to congeal.
Curdled	of Curdle
Curdling	of Curdle
Curdle	To change into curd; to cause to coagulate.
Curdle	To congeal or thicken.
Curdless	Destitute of curd.
Curdy	Like curd; full of curd; coagulated.
Cure	Care, heed, or attention.
Cure	Spiritual charge; care of soul; the office of a parish priest or of a curate; hence, that which is committed to the charge of a parish priest or of a curate; a curacy; as, to resign a cure; to obtain a cure.
Cure	Medical or hygienic care; remedial treatment of disease; a method of medical treatment; as, to use the water cure.
Cure	Act of healing or state of being healed; restoration to health from disease, or to soundness after injury.
Cure	Means of the removal of disease or evil; that which heals; a remedy; a restorative.
Cured	of Cure
Curing	of Cure
Cure	To heal; to restore to health, soundness, or sanity; to make well; -- said of a patient.
Cure	To subdue or remove by remedial means; to remedy; to remove; to heal; -- said of a malady.
Cure	To set free from (something injurious or blameworthy), as from a bad habit.
Cure	To prepare for preservation or permanent keeping; to preserve, as by drying, salting, etc.; as, to cure beef or fish; to cure hay.
Cure	To pay heed; to care; to give attention.
Cure	To restore health; to effect a cure.
Cure	To become healed.
Cure	A curate; a pardon.
Cureall	A remedy for all diseases, or for all ills; a panacea.
Cureless	Incapable of cure; incurable.
Curer	One who cures; a healer; a physician.
Curer	One who prepares beef, fish, etc., for preservation by drying, salting, smoking, etc.
Curette	A scoop or ring with either a blunt or a cutting edge, for removing substances from the walls of a cavity, as from the eye, ear, or womb.
Curfew	The ringing of an evening bell, originally a signal to the inhabitants to cover fires, extinguish lights, and retire to rest, -- instituted by William the Conqueror; also, the bell itself.
Curfew	A utensil for covering the fire.
Curle	of Curia
Curia	One of the thirty parts into which the Roman people were divided by Romulus.
Curia	The place of assembly of one of these divisions.
Curia	The place where the meetings of the senate were held; the senate house.
Curia	The court of a sovereign or of a feudal lord; also; his residence or his household.
Curia	Any court of justice.
Curia	The Roman See in its temporal aspects, including all the machinery of administration; -- called also curia Romana.
Curialism	The view or doctrine of the ultramontane party in the Latin Church.
Curialist	One who belongs to the ultramontane party in the Latin Church.
Curialistic	Pertaining to a court.
Curialistic	Relating or belonging to the ultramontane party in the Latin Church.
Curiality	The privileges, prerogatives, or retinue of a court.
Curiet	A cuirass.
Curing	p. a. & vb. n. of Cure.
Curios	of Curio
Curio	Any curiosity or article of virtu.
Curiologic	Pertaining to a rude kind of hieroglyphics, in which a thing is represented by its picture instead of by a symbol.
Curiosities	of Curiosity
Curiosity	The state or quality or being curious; nicety; accuracy; exactness; elaboration.
Curiosity	Disposition to inquire, investigate, or seek after knowledge; a desire to gratify the mind with new information or objects of interest; inquisitiveness.
Curiosity	That which is curious, or fitted to excite or reward attention.
Curiosos	of Curioso
Curioso	A virtuoso.
Curious	Difficult to please or satisfy; solicitous to be correct; careful; scrupulous; nice; exact.
Curious	Exhibiting care or nicety; artfully constructed; elaborate; wrought with elegance or skill.
Curious	Careful or anxious to learn; eager for knowledge; given to research or inquiry; habitually inquisitive; prying; -- sometimes with after or of.
Curious	Exciting attention or inquiry; awakening surprise; inviting and rewarding inquisitiveness; not simple or plain; strange; rare.
Curiously	In a curious manner.
Curiousness	Carefulness; painstaking.
Curiousness	The state of being curious; exactness of workmanship; ingenuity of contrivance.
Curiousness	Inquisitiveness; curiosity.
Curled	of Curl
Curling	of Curl
Curl	To twist or form into ringlets; to crisp, as the hair.
Curl	To twist or make onto coils, as a serpent's body.
Curl	To deck with, or as with, curls; to ornament.
Curl	To raise in waves or undulations; to ripple.
Curl	To shape (the brim) into a curve.
Curl	To contract or bend into curls or ringlets, as hair; to grow in curls or spirals, as a vine; to be crinkled or contorted; to have a curly appearance; as, leaves lie curled on the ground.
Curl	To move in curves, spirals, or undulations; to contract in curving outlines; to bend in a curved form; to make a curl or curls.
Curl	To play at the game called curling.
Curl	A ringlet, especially of hair; anything of a spiral or winding form.
Curl	An undulating or waving line or streak in any substance, as wood, glass, etc.; flexure; sinuosity.
Curl	A disease in potatoes, in which the leaves, at their first appearance, seem curled and shrunken.
Curled	Having curls; curly; sinuous; wavy; as, curled maple (maple having fibers which take a sinuous course).
Curledness	State of being curled; curliness.
Curler	One who, or that which, curls.
Curler	A player at the game called curling.
Curlew	A wading bird of the genus Numenius, remarkable for its long, slender, curved bill.
Curliness	State of being curly.
Curling	The act or state of that which curls; as, the curling of smoke when it rises; the curling of a ringlet; also, the act or process of one who curls something, as hair, or the brim of hats.
Curling	A scottish game in which heavy weights of stone or iron are propelled by hand over the ice towards a mark.
Curlingly	With a curl, or curls.
Curly	Curling or tending to curl; having curls; full of ripples; crinkled.
Curlycue	Some thing curled or spiral,, as a flourish made with a pen on paper, or with skates on the ice; a trick; a frolicsome caper.
Curmudgeon	An avaricious, grasping fellow; a miser; a niggard; a churl.
Curmudgeonly	Like a curmudgeon; niggardly; churlish; as, a curmudgeonly fellow.
Curmurring	Murmuring; grumbling; -- sometimes applied to the rumbling produced by a slight attack of the gripes.
Curr	To coo.
Currant	A small kind of seedless raisin, imported from the Levant, chiefly from Zante and Cephalonia; -- used in cookery.
Currant	The acid fruit or berry of the Ribes rubrum or common red currant, or of its variety, the white currant.
Currant	A shrub or bush of several species of the genus Ribes (a genus also including the gooseberry); esp., the Ribes rubrum.
Currencies	of Currency
Currency	A continued or uninterrupted course or flow like that of a stream; as, the currency of time.
Currency	The state or quality of being current; general acceptance or reception; a passing from person to person, or from hand to hand; circulation; as, a report has had a long or general currency; the currency of bank notes.
Currency	That which is in circulation, or is given and taken as having or representing value; as, the currency of a country; a specie currency; esp., government or bank notes circulating as a substitute for metallic money.
Currency	Fluency; readiness of utterance.
Currency	Current value; general estimation; the rate at which anything is generally valued.
Current	Running or moving rapidly.
Current	Now passing, as time; as, the current month.
Current	Passing from person to person, or from hand to hand; circulating through the community; generally received; common; as, a current coin; a current report; current history.
Current	Commonly estimated or acknowledged.
Current	Fitted for general acceptance or circulation; authentic; passable.
Current	A flowing or passing; onward motion. Hence: A body of fluid moving continuously in a certain direction; a stream; esp., the swiftest part of it; as, a current of water or of air; that which resembles a stream in motion; as, a current of electricity.
Current	General course; ordinary procedure; progressive and connected movement; as, the current of time, of events, of opinion, etc.
Currently	In a current manner; generally; commonly; as, it is currently believed.
Currentness	The quality of being current; currency; circulation; general reception.
Currentness	Easiness of pronunciation; fluency.
Curricle	A small or short course.
Curricle	A two-wheeled chaise drawn by two horses abreast.
Curriculums	of Curriculum
Curricula	of Curriculum
Curriculum	A race course; a place for running.
Curriculum	A course; particularly, a specified fixed course of study, as in a university.
Currie	See 2d & 3d Curry.
Curried	Dressed by currying; cleaned; prepared.
Curried	Prepared with curry; as, curried rice, fowl, etc.
Currier	One who curries and dresses leather, after it is tanned.
Currish	Having the qualities, or exhibiting the characteristics, of a cur; snarling; quarrelsome; snappish; churlish; hence, also malicious; malignant; brutal.
Curried	of Curry
Currying	of Curry
Curry	To dress or prepare for use by a process of scraping, cleansing, beating, smoothing, and coloring; -- said of leather.
Curry	To dress the hair or coat of (a horse, ox, or the like) with a currycomb and brush; to comb, as a horse, in order to make clean.
Curry	To beat or bruise; to drub; -- said of persons.
Curry	A kind of sauce much used in India, containing garlic, pepper, ginger, and other strong spices.
Curry	A stew of fowl, fish, or game, cooked with curry.
Curry	To flavor or cook with curry.
Currycomb	A kind of card or comb having rows of metallic teeth or serrated ridges, used in currying a horse.
Currycomb	To comb with a currycomb.
Cursed	of Curse
Curst	of Curse
Cursing	of Curse
Curse	To call upon divine or supernatural power to send injury upon; to imprecate evil upon; to execrate.
Curse	To bring great evil upon; to be the cause of serious harm or unhappiness to; to furnish with that which will be a cause of deep trouble; to afflict or injure grievously; to harass or torment.
Curse	To utter imprecations or curses; to affirm or deny with imprecations; to swear.
Curse	An invocation of, or prayer for, harm or injury; malediction.
Curse	Evil pronounced or invoked upon another, solemnly, or in passion; subjection to, or sentence of, divine condemnation.
Curse	The cause of great harm, evil, or misfortune; that which brings evil or severe affliction; torment.
Cursed	Deserving a curse; execrable; hateful; detestable; abominable.
Cursedly	In a cursed manner; miserably; in a manner to be detested; enormously.
Cursedness	The state of being under a curse or of being doomed to execration or to evil.
Cursedness	Wickedness; sin; cursing.
Cursedness	Shrewishness.
Curser	One who curses.
Curship	The state of being a cur; one who is currish.
Cursitating	Moving about slightly.
Cursitor	A courier or runner.
Cursitor	An officer in the Court of Chancery, whose business is to make out original writs.
Cursive	Running; flowing.
Cursive	A character used in cursive writing.
Cursive	A manuscript, especially of the New Testament, written in small, connected characters or in a running hand; -- opposed to uncial.
Cursor	Any part of a mathematical instrument that moves or slides backward and forward upon another part.
Cursorary	Cursory; hasty.
Cursores	An order of running birds including the ostrich, emu, and allies; the Ratitaae.
Cursores	A group of running spiders; the wolf spiders.
Cursorial	Adapted to running or walking, and not to prehension; as, the limbs of the horse are cursorial. See Illust. of Aves.
Cursorial	Of or pertaining to the Cursores.
Cursorily	In a running or hasty manner; carelessly.
Cursoriness	The quality of being cursory; superficial performance; as, cursoriness of view.
Cursory	Running about; not stationary.
Cursory	Characterized by haste; hastily or superficially performed; slight; superficial; careless.
Curst	imp. & p. p. of Curse.
Curst	Froward; malignant; mischievous; malicious; snarling.
Curstfully	Peevishly; vexatiously; detestably.
Curstness	Peevishness; malignity; frowardness; crabbedness; surliness.
Curt	Characterized by excessive brevity; short; rudely concise; as, curt limits; a curt answer.
Curtailed	of Curtail
Curtailing	of Curtail
Curtail	To cut off the end or tail, or any part, of; to shorten; to abridge; to diminish; to reduce.
Curtail	The scroll termination of any architectural member, as of a step, etc.
Curtail dog	A dog with a docked tail; formerly, the dog of a person not qualified to course, which, by the forest laws, must have its tail cut short, partly as a mark, and partly from a notion that the tail is necessary to a dog in running; hence, a dog not fit for sporting.
Curtailer	One who curtails.
Curtailment	The act or result of curtailing or cutting off.
Curtain	A hanging screen intended to darken or conceal, and admitting of being drawn back or up, and reclosed at pleasure; esp., drapery of cloth or lace hanging round a bed or at a window; in theaters, and like places, a movable screen for concealing the stage.
Curtain	That part of the rampart and parapet which is between two bastions or two gates. See Illustrations of Ravelin and Bastion.
Curtain	That part of a wall of a building which is between two pavilions, towers, etc.
Curtain	A flag; an ensign; -- in contempt.
Curtained	of Curtain
Curtaining	of Curtain
Curtain	To inclose as with curtains; to furnish with curtains.
Curtal	Curt; brief; laconic.
Curtal	A horse with a docked tail; hence, anything cut short.
Curtal ax	Alt. of Curtelasse
Curtle ax	Alt. of Curtelasse
Curtelasse	A corruption of Cutlass.
Curtal friar	A friar who acted as porter at the gate of a monastery.
Curtana	The pointless sword carried before English monarchs at their coronation, and emblematically considered as the sword of mercy; -- also called the sword of Edward the Confessor.
Curtate	Shortened or reduced; -- said of the distance of a planet from the sun or earth, as measured in the plane of the ecliptic, or the distance from the sun or earth to that point where a perpendicular, let fall from the planet upon the plane of the ecliptic, meets the ecliptic.
Curtation	The interval by which the curtate distance of a planet is less than the true distance.
Curtein	Same as Curtana.
Curtes	Courteous.
Curtesies	of Curtesy
Curtesy	the life estate which a husband has in the lands of his deceased wife, which by the common law takes effect where he has had issue by her, born alive, and capable of inheriting the lands.
Curtilage	A yard, courtyard, or piece of ground, included within the fence surrounding a dwelling house.
Curtly	In a curt manner.
Curtness	The quality of bing curt.
Curtsy	Same as Courtesy, an act of respect.
Curule	Of or pertaining to a chariot.
Curule	Of or pertaining to a kind of chair appropriated to Roman magistrates and dignitaries; pertaining to, having, or conferring, the right to sit in the curule chair; hence, official.
Cururo	A Chilian burrowing rodent of the genus Spalacopus.
Curval	Alt. of Curvant
Curvant	Bowed; bent; curved.
Curvate	Alt. of Curvated
Curvated	Bent in a regular form; curved.
Curvation	The act of bending or crooking.
Curvative	Having the margins only a little curved; -- said of leaves.
Curvature	The act of curving, or the state of being bent or curved; a curving or bending, normal or abnormal, as of a line or surface from a rectilinear direction; a bend; a curve.
Curvature	The amount of degree of bending of a mathematical curve, or the tendency at any point to depart from a tangent drawn to the curve at that point.
Curve	Bent without angles; crooked; curved; as, a curve line; a curve surface.
Curve	A bending without angles; that which is bent; a flexure; as, a curve in a railway or canal.
Curve	A line described according to some low, and having no finite portion of it a straight line.
Curved	of Curve
Curving	of Curve
Curve	To bend; to crook; as, to curve a line; to curve a pipe; to cause to swerve from a straight course; as, to curve a ball in pitching it.
Curve	To bend or turn gradually from a given direction; as, the road curves to the right.
Curvedness	The state of being curved.
Curvet	A particular leap of a horse, when he raises both his fore legs at once, equally advanced, and, as his fore legs are falling, raises his hind legs, so that all his legs are in the air at once.
Curvet	A prank; a frolic.
Curveted	of Curvet
-vetted	of Curvet
Curveting	of Curvet
-vetting	of Curvet
Curvet	To make a curvet; to leap; to bound.
Curvet	To leap and frisk; to frolic.
Curvet	To cause to curvet.
Curvicaudate	Having a curved or crooked tail.
Curvicostate	Having bent ribs.
Curvidentate	Having curved teeth.
Curviform	Having a curved form.
Curvilinead	An instrument for drawing curved lines.
Curvilineal	Alt. of Curvilinear
Curvilinear	Consisting of, or bounded by, curved lines; as, a curvilinear figure.
Curvilinearity	The state of being curvilinear or of being bounded by curved lines.
Curvilinearly	In a curvilinear manner.
Curvinerved	Having the ribs or the veins of the leaves curved; -- called also curvinervate and curve-veined.
Curvirostral	Having a crooked beak, as the crossbill.
Curvirostres	A group of passerine birds, including the creepers and nuthatches.
Curviserial	Distributed in a curved line, as leaves along a stem.
Curvity	The state of being curved; a bending in a regular form; crookedness.
Curvograph	An arcograph.
Cushat	The ringdove or wood pigeon.
Cushewbird	The galeated curassow. See Curassow.
Cushion	A case or bag stuffed with some soft and elastic material, and used to sit or recline upon; a soft pillow or pad.
Cushion	Anything resembling a cushion in properties or use
Cushion	a pad on which gilders cut gold leaf
Cushion	a mass of steam in the end of the cylinder of a steam engine to receive the impact of the piston
Cushion	the elastic edge of a billiard table.
Cushion	A riotous kind of dance, formerly common at weddings; -- called also cushion dance.
Cushioned	of Cushion
Cushioning	of Cushion
Cushion	To seat or place on, or as on a cushion.
Cushion	To furnish with cushions; as, to cushion a chaise.
Cushion	To conceal or cover up, as under a cushion.
Cushionet	A little cushion.
Cushionless	Hot furnished with a cushion.
Cushiony	Like a cushion; soft; pliable.
Cushite	A descendant of Cush, the son of Ham and grandson of Noah.
Cusk	A large, edible, marine fish (Brosmius brosme), allied to the cod, common on the northern coasts of Europe and America; -- called also tusk and torsk.
Cuskin	A kind of drinking cup.
Cusp	A triangular protection from the intrados of an arch, or from an inner curve of tracery.
Cusp	The beginning or first entrance of any house in the calculations of nativities, etc.
Cusp	The point or horn of the crescent moon or other crescent-shaped luminary.
Cusp	A multiple point of a curve at which two or more branches of the curve have a common tangent.
Cusp	A prominence or point, especially on the crown of a tooth.
Cusp	A sharp and rigid point.
Cusped	of Cusp
Cusping	of Cusp
Cusp	To furnish with a cusp or cusps.
Cuspated	Ending in a point.
Cuspid	One of the canine teeth; -- so called from having but one point or cusp on the crown. See Tooth.
Cuspidal	Ending in a point.
Cuspidate	To make pointed or sharp.
Cuspidate	Alt. of Cuspidated
Cuspidated	Having a sharp end, like the point of a spear; terminating in a hard point; as, a cuspidate leaf.
Cuspidor	Any ornamental vessel used as a spittoon; hence, to avoid the common term, a spittoon of any sort.
Cuspis	A point; a sharp end.
Custard	A mixture of milk and eggs, sweetened, and baked or boiled.
Custode	See Custodian.
Custodial	Relating to custody or guardianship.
Custodian	One who has care or custody, as of some public building; a keeper or superintendent.
Custodianship	Office or duty of a custodian.
Custodier	A custodian.
Custody	A keeping or guarding; care, watch, inspection, for keeping, preservation, or security.
Custody	Judicial or penal safe-keeping.
Custody	State of being guarded and watched to prevent escape; restraint of liberty; confinement; imprisonment.
Custom	Frequent repetition of the same act; way of acting common to many; ordinary manner; habitual practice; usage; method of doing or living.
Custom	Habitual buying of goods; practice of frequenting, as a shop, manufactory, etc., for making purchases or giving orders; business support.
Custom	Long-established practice, considered as unwritten law, and resting for authority on long consent; usage. See Usage, and Prescription.
Custom	Familiar aquaintance; familiarity.
Custom	To make familiar; to accustom.
Custom	To supply with customers.
Custom	To have a custom.
Custom	The customary toll, tax, or tribute.
Custom	Duties or tolls imposed by law on commodities, imported or exported.
Custom	To pay the customs of.
Customable	Customary.
Customable	Subject to the payment of customs; dutiable.
Customableness	Quality of being customable; conformity to custom.
Customably	Usually.
Customarily	In a customary manner; habitually.
Customariness	Quality of being customary.
Customary	Agreeing with, or established by, custom; established by common usage; conventional; habitual.
Customary	Holding or held by custom; as, customary tenants; customary service or estate.
Customary	A book containing laws and usages, or customs; as, the Customary of the Normans.
Customer	One who collect customs; a toll gatherer.
Customer	One who regularly or repeatedly makes purchases of a trader; a purchaser; a buyer.
Customer	A person with whom a business house has dealings; as, the customers of a bank.
Customer	A peculiar person; -- in an indefinite sense; as, a queer customer; an ugly customer.
Customer	A lewd woman.
Customhouse	The building where customs and duties are paid, and where vessels are entered or cleared.
Custodes	of Custos
Custos	A keeper; a custodian; a superintendent.
Custrel	An armor-bearer to a knight.
Custrel	See Costrel.
Custumary	See Customary.
Cut	of Cut
Cutting	of Cut
Cut	To separate the parts of with, or as with, a sharp instrument; to make an incision in; to gash; to sever; to divide.
Cut	To sever and cause to fall for the purpose of gathering; to hew; to mow or reap.
Cut	To sever and remove by cutting; to cut off; to dock; as, to cut the hair; to cut the nails.
Cut	To castrate or geld; as, to cut a horse.
Cut	To form or shape by cutting; to make by incision, hewing, etc.; to carve; to hew out.
Cut	To wound or hurt deeply the sensibilities of; to pierce; to lacerate; as, sarcasm cuts to the quick.
Cut	To intersect; to cross; as, one line cuts another at right angles.
Cut	To refuse to recognize; to ignore; as, to cut a person in the street; to cut one's acquaintance.
Cut	To absent one's self from; as, to cut an appointment, a recitation. etc.
Cut	To do the work of an edged tool; to serve in dividing or gashing; as, a knife cuts well.
Cut	To admit of incision or severance; to yield to a cutting instrument.
Cut	To perform the operation of dividing, severing, incising, intersecting, etc.; to use a cutting instrument.
Cut	To make a stroke with a whip.
Cut	To interfere, as a horse.
Cut	To move or make off quickly.
Cut	To divide a pack of cards into two portion to decide the deal or trump, or to change the order of the cards to be dealt.
Cut	An opening made with an edged instrument; a cleft; a gash; a slash; a wound made by cutting; as, a sword cut.
Cut	A stroke or blow or cutting motion with an edged instrument; a stroke or blow with a whip.
Cut	That which wounds the feelings, as a harsh remark or criticism, or a sarcasm; personal discourtesy, as neglecting to recognize an acquaintance when meeting him; a slight.
Cut	A notch, passage, or channel made by cutting or digging; a furrow; a groove; as, a cut for a railroad.
Cut	The surface left by a cut; as, a smooth or clear cut.
Cut	A portion severed or cut off; a division; as, a cut of beef; a cut of timber.
Cut	An engraved block or plate; the impression from such an engraving; as, a book illustrated with fine cuts.
Cut	The act of dividing a pack cards.
Cut	The right to divide; as, whose cut is it?
Cut	Manner in which a thing is cut or formed; shape; style; fashion; as, the cut of a garment.
Cut	A common work horse; a gelding.
Cut	The failure of a college officer or student to be present at any appointed exercise.
Cut	A skein of yarn.
Cut	Gashed or divided, as by a cutting instrument.
Cut	Formed or shaped as by cutting; carved.
Cut	Overcome by liquor; tipsy.
Cutaneous	Of pertaining to the skin; existing on, or affecting, the skin; as, a cutaneous disease; cutaneous absorption; cutaneous respiration.
Cutaway	Having a part cut off or away; having the corners rounded or cut away.
Cutch	See Catechu.
Cutch	See Cultch.
Cutchery	A hindoo hall of justice.
Cute	Clever; sharp; shrewd; ingenious; cunning.
Cuteness	Acuteness; cunning.
Cutgrass	A grass with leaves having edges furnished with very minute hooked prickles, which form a cutting edge; one or more species of Leersia.
Cuticle	The scarfskin or epidermis. See Skin.
Cuticle	The outermost skin or pellicle of a plant, found especially in leaves and young stems.
Cuticle	A thin skin formed on the surface of a liquid.
Cuticular	Pertaining to the cuticle, or external coat of the skin; epidermal.
Cutin	The substance which, added to the material of a cell wall, makes it waterproof, as in cork.
Cutinization	The conversion of cell walls into a material which repels water, as in cork.
Cutinize	To change into cutin.
Cutis	See Dermis.
Cutlasses	of Cutlass
Cutlass	A short, heavy, curving sword, used in the navy. See Curtal ax.
Cutler	One who makes or deals in cutlery, or knives and other cutting instruments.
Cutlery	The business of a cutler.
Cutlery	Edged or cutting instruments, collectively.
Cutlet	A piece of meat, especially of veal or mutton, cut for broiling.
Cutling	The art of making edged tools or cutlery.
Cut-off	That which cuts off or shortens, as a nearer passage or road.
Cut-off	The valve gearing or mechanism by which steam is cut off from entering the cylinder of a steam engine after a definite point in a stroke, so as to allow the remainder of the stroke to be made by the expansive force of the steam already let in.  See Expansion gear, under Expansion.
Cut-off	Any device for stopping or changing a current, as of grain or water in a spout.
Cutose	A variety of cellulose, occuring as a fine transparent membrane covering the aerial organs of plants, and forming an essential ingredient of cork; by oxidation it passes to suberic acid.
Cut-out	A species of switch for changing the current from one circuit to another, or for shortening a circuit.
Cut-out	A device for breaking or separating a portion of circuit.
Cutpurse	One who cuts purses for the sake of stealing them or their contents (an act common when men wore purses fastened by a string to their girdles); one who steals from the person; a pickpocket
Cutter	One who cuts; as, a stone cutter; a die cutter; esp., one who cuts out garments.
Cutter	That which cuts; a machine or part of a machine, or a tool or instrument used for cutting, as that part of a mower which severs the stalk, or as a paper cutter.
Cutter	A fore tooth; an incisor.
Cutter	A boat used by ships of war.
Cutter	A fast sailing vessel with one mast, rigged in most essentials like a sloop. A cutter is narrower end deeper than a sloop of the same length, and depends for stability on a deep keel, often heavily weighted with lead.
Cutter	A small armed vessel, usually a steamer, in the revenue marine service; -- also called revenue cutter.
Cutter	A small, light one-horse sleigh.
Cutter	An officer in the exchequer who notes by cutting on the tallies the sums paid.
Cutter	A ruffian; a bravo; a destroyer.
Cutter	A kind of soft yellow brick, used for facework; -- so called from the facility with which it can be cut.
Cutthroat	One who cuts throats; a murderer; an assassin.
Cutthroat	Murderous; cruel; barbarous.
Cutting	The act or process of making an incision, or of severing, felling, shaping, etc.
Cutting	Something cut, cut off, or cut out, as a twig or scion cut off from a stock for the purpose of grafting or of rooting as an independent plant; something cut out of a newspaper; an excavation cut through a hill or elsewhere to make a way for a railroad, canal, etc.; a cut.
Cutting	Adapted to cut; as, a cutting tool.
Cutting	Chilling; penetrating; sharp; as, a cutting wind.
Cutting	Severe; sarcastic; biting; as, a cutting reply.
Cuttingly	In a cutting manner.
Cuttle	A knife.
Cuttle	Alt. of Cuttlefish
Cuttlefish	A cephalopod of the genus Sepia, having an internal shell, large eyes, and ten arms furnished with denticulated suckers, by means of which it secures its prey. The name is sometimes applied to dibranchiate cephalopods generally.
Cuttlefish	A foul-mouthed fellow.
Cuttle bone	The shell or bone of cuttlefishes, used for various purposes, as for making polishing powder, etc.
Cuttoo plate	A hood over the end of a wagon wheel hub to keep dirt away from the axle.
Cytty	Short; as, a cutty knife; a cutty sark.
Cutty	A short spoon.
Cutty	A short tobacco pipe.
Cutty	A light or unchaste woman.
Cuttystool	A low stool
Cuttystool	A seat in old Scottish churches, where offenders were made to sit, for public rebuke by the minister.
Cutwal	The chief police officer of a large city.
Cutwater	The fore part of a ship's prow, which cuts the water.
Cutwater	A starling or other structure attached to the pier of a bridge, with an angle or edge directed up stream, in order better to resist the action of water, ice, etc.; the sharpened upper end of the pier itself.
Cutwater	A sea bird of the Atlantic (Rhynchops nigra); -- called also black skimmer, scissorsbill, and razorbill. See Skimmer.
Cutwork	An ancient term for embroidery, esp. applied to the earliest form of lace, or to that early embroidery on linen and the like, from which the manufacture of lace was developed.
Cutworm	A caterpillar which at night eats off young plants of cabbage, corn, etc., usually at the ground. Some kinds ascend fruit trees and eat off the flower buds. During the day, they conceal themselves in the earth. The common cutworms are the larvae of various species of Agrotis and related genera of noctuid moths.
Cuvette	A pot, bucket, or basin, in which molten plate glass is carried from the melting pot to the casting table.
Cuvette	A cunette.
Cuvette	A small vessel with at least two flat and transparent sides, used to hold a liquid sample to be analysed in the light path of a spectrometer.
Cyamelide	A white amorphous substance, regarded as a polymeric modification of isocyanic acid.
Cyamellone	A complex derivative of cyanogen, regarded as an acid, and known chiefly in its salts; -- called also hydromellonic acid.
Cyanate	A salt of cyanic acid.
Cyanaurate	See Aurocyanide.
Cyanean	Having an azure color.
Cyanic	Pertaining to, or containing, cyanogen.
Cyanic	Of or pertaining to a blue color.
Cyanide	A compound formed by the union of cyanogen with an element or radical.
Cyanin	The blue coloring matter of flowers; -- called also anthokyan and anthocyanin.
Cyanine	One of a series of artificial blue or red dyes obtained from quinoline and lepidine and used in calico printing.
Cyanite	A mineral occuring in thin-bladed crystals and crystalline aggregates, of a sky-blue color. It is a silicate of aluminium.
Cyanogen	A colorless, inflammable, poisonous gas, C2N2, with a peach-blossom odor, so called from its tendency to form blue compounds; obtained by heating ammonium oxalate, mercuric cyanide, etc. It is obtained in combination, forming an alkaline cyanide when nitrogen or a nitrogenous compound is strongly ignited with carbon and soda or potash. It conducts itself like a member of the halogen group of elements, and shows a tendency to form complex compounds. The name is also applied to the univalent radical, CN (the half molecule of cyanogen proper), which was one of the first compound radicals recognized.
Cyanometer	An instrument for measuring degress of blueness.
Cyanopathy	A disease in which the body is colored blue in its surface, arising usually from a malformation of the heart, which causes an imperfect arterialization of the blood; blue jaundice.
Cyanophyll	A blue coloring matter supposed by some to be one of the component parts of chlorophyll.
Cyanosed	Rendered blue, as the surface of the body, from cyanosis or deficient a/ration of the blood.
Cyanosis	A condition in which, from insufficient a/ration of the blood, the surface of the body becomes blue. See Cyanopathy.
Cyanosite	Native sulphate of copper. Cf. Blue vitriol, under Blue.
Cyanotic	Relating to cyanosis; affected with cyanosis; as, a cyanotic patient; having the hue caused by cyanosis; as, a cyanotic skin.
Cyanotype	A photographic picture obtained by the use of a cyanide.
Cyanurate	A salt of cyanuric acid.
Cyanuret	A cyanide.
Cyanuric	Pertaining to, or derived from, cyanic and uric acids.
Cyanuric acid	an organic acid, C3O3N3H3, first obtained by heating uric acid or urea, and called pyrouric acid; afterwards obtained from isocyanic acid. It is a white crystalline substance, odorless and almost tasteless; -- called also tricarbimide.
Cyathiform	In the form of a cup, a little widened at the top.
Cyatholith	A kind of coccolith, which in shape resembles a minute cup widened at the top, and varies in size from / to / of an inch.
Cyathophylloid	Like, or pertaining to, the family Cyathophyllidae.
Cyathophylloid	A fossil coral of the family Cyathophyllidae; sometimes extended to fossil corals of other related families belonging to the group Rugosa; -- also called cup corals. Thay are found in paleozoic rocks.
Cycad	Any plant of the natural order Cycadaceae, as the sago palm, etc.
Cycadaceous	Pertaining to, or resembling, an order of plants like the palms, but having exogenous wood. The sago palm is an example.
Cycas	A genus of trees, intermediate in character between the palms and the pines. The pith of the trunk of some species furnishes a valuable kind of sago.
Cyclamen	A genus of plants of the Primrose family, having depressed rounded corms, and pretty nodding flowers with the petals so reflexed as to point upwards, whence it is called rabbits' ears. It is also called sow bread, because hogs are said to eat the corms.
Cyclamin	A white amorphous substance, regarded as a glucoside, extracted from the corm of Cyclamen Europaeum.
Cyclas	A long gown or surcoat (cut off in front), worn in the Middle Ages. It was sometimes embroidered or interwoven with gold. Also, a rich stuff from which the gown was made.
Cycle	An imaginary circle or orbit in the heavens; one of the celestial spheres.
Cycle	An interval of time in which a certain succession of events or phenomena is completed, and then returns again and again, uniformly and continually in the same order; a periodical space of time marked by the recurrence of something peculiar; as, the cycle of the seasons, or of the year.
Cycle	An age; a long period of time.
Cycle	An orderly list for a given time; a calendar.
Cycle	The circle of subjects connected with the exploits of the hero or heroes of some particular period which have served as a popular theme for poetry, as the legend of Arthur and the knights of the Round Table, and that of Charlemagne and his paladins.
Cycle	One entire round in a circle or a spire; as, a cycle or set of leaves.
Cycle	A bicycle or tricycle, or other light velocipede.
Cycled	of Cycle
Cycling	of Cycle
Cycle	To pass through a cycle of changes; to recur in cycles.
Cycle	To ride a bicycle, tricycle, or other form of cycle.
Cyclic	Alt. of Cyclical
Cyclical	Of or pertaining to a cycle or circle; moving in cycles; as, cyclical time.
Cyclide	A surface of the fourth degree, having certain special relations to spherical surfaces. The tore or anchor ring is one of the cyclides.
Cycling	The act, art, or practice, of riding a cycle, esp. a bicycle or tricycle.
Cyclist	A cycler.
Cyclo-	A combining form meaning circular, of a circle or wheel.
Cyclobranchiate	Having the gills around the margin of the body, as certain limpets.
Cycloganoid	Of or pertaining to the Cycloganoidei.
Cycloganoid	One of the Cycloganoidei.
Cycloganoidei	An order of ganoid fishes, having cycloid scales. The bowfin (Amia calva) is a living example.
Cyclograph	See Arcograph.
Cycloid	A curve generated by a point in the plane of a circle when the circle is rolled along a straight line, keeping always in the same plane.
Cycloid	Of or pertaining to the Cycloidei.
Cycloid	One of the Cycloidei.
Cycloidal	Pertaining to, or resembling, a cycloid; as, the cycloidal space is the space contained between a cycloid and its base.
Cycloidei	An order of fishes, formerly proposed by Agassiz, for those with thin, smooth scales, destitute of marginal spines, as the herring and salmon. The group is now regarded as artificial.
Cycloidian	Same as 2d and 3d Cycloid.
Cyclometer	A contrivance for recording the revolutions of a wheel, as of a bicycle.
Cyclometry	The art of measuring circles.
Cyclone	A violent storm, often of vast extent, characterized by high winds rotating about a calm center of low atmospheric pressure. This center moves onward, often with a velocity of twenty or thirty miles an hour.
Cyclonic	Pertaining to a cyclone.
Cyclop	See Note under Cyclops, 1.
Cyclopean	Pertaining to the Cyclops; characteristic of the Cyclops; huge; gigantic; vast and rough; massive; as, Cyclopean labors; Cyclopean architecture.
Cyclopedia	Alt. of Cyclopaedia
Cyclopaedia	The circle or compass of the arts and sciences (originally, of the seven so-called liberal arts and sciences); circle of human knowledge. Hence, a work containing, in alphabetical order, information in all departments of knowledge, or on a particular department or branch; as, a cyclopedia of the physical sciences, or of mechanics. See Encyclopedia.
Cyclopedic	Belonging to the circle of the sciences, or to a cyclopedia; of the nature of a cyclopedia; hence, of great range, extent, or amount; as, a man of cyclopedic knowledge.
Cyclopedist	A maker of, or writer for, a cyclopedia.
Cyclopic	Pertaining to the Cyclops; Cyclopean.
Cyclops	One of a race of giants, sons of Neptune and Amphitrite, having but one eye, and that in the middle of the forehead. They were fabled to inhabit Sicily, and to assist in the workshops of Vulcan, under Mt. Etna.
Cyclops	A genus of minute Entomostraca, found both in fresh and salt water. See Copepoda.
Cyclops	A portable forge, used by tinkers, etc.
Cyclorama	A pictorial view which is extended circularly, so that the spectator is surrounded by the objects represented as by things in nature. The realistic effect is increased by putting, in the space between the spectator and the picture, things adapted to the scene represented, and in some places only parts of these objects, the completion of them being carried out pictorially.
Cycloscope	A machine for measuring at any moment velocity of rotation, as of a wheel of a steam engine.
Cyclosis	The circulation or movement of protoplasmic granules within a living vegetable cell.
Cyclostomata	Alt. of Cyclostoma
Cyclostoma	A division of Bryozoa, in which the cells have circular apertures.
Cyclostome	Alt. of Cyclostomous
Cyclostomous	Pertaining to the Cyclostomi.
Cyclostomi	A glass of fishes having a suckerlike mouth, without jaws, as the lamprey; the Marsipobranchii.
Cyclostylar	Relating to a structure composed of a circular range of columns, without a core or building within.
Cyclostyle	A contrivance for producing manifold copies of writing or drawing. The writing or drawing is done with a style carrying a small wheel at the end which makes minute punctures in the paper, thus converting it into a stencil. Copies are transferred with an inked roller.
Cyder	See Cider.
Cydonin	A peculiar mucilaginous substance extracted from the seeds of the quince (Cydonia vulgaris), and regarded as a variety of amylose.
Cygnet	A young swan.
Cygnus	A constellation of the northern hemisphere east of, or following, Lyra; the Swan.
Cylinder	A solid body which may be generated by the rotation of a parallelogram round one its sides; or a body of rollerlike form, of which the longitudinal section is oblong, and the cross section is circular.
Cylinder	The space inclosed by any cylindrical surface. The space may be limited or unlimited in length.
Cylinder	Any hollow body of cylindrical form
Cylinder	The chamber of a steam engine in which the piston is moved by the force of steam.
Cylinder	The barrel of an air or other pump.
Cylinder	The revolving platen or bed which produces the impression or carries the type in a cylinder press.
Cylinder	The bore of a gun; the turning chambered breech of a revolver.
Cylinder	The revolving square prism carrying the cards in a Jacquard loom.
Cylindraceous	Cylindrical, or approaching a cylindrical form.
Cylindric	Alt. of Cylindrical
Cylindrical	Having the form of a cylinder, or of a section of its convex surface; partaking of the properties of the cylinder.
Cylindrically	In the manner or shape of a cylinder; so as to be cylindrical.
Cylindricity	The quality or condition of being cylindrical.
Cylindriform	Having the form of a cylinder.
Cylindroid	A solid body resembling a right cylinder, but having the bases or ends elliptical.
Cylindroid	A certain surface of the third degree, described by a moving straight line; -- used to illustrate the motions of a rigid body and also the forces acting on the body.
Cylindrometric	Belonging to a scale used in measuring cylinders.
Cyma	A member or molding of the cornice, the profile of which is wavelike in form.
Cyma	A cyme. See Cyme.
Cymar	A slight covering; a scarf. See Simar.
Cymatium	A capping or crowning molding in classic architecture.
Cymbal	A musical instrument used by the ancients. It is supposed to have been similar to the modern kettle drum, though perhaps smaller.
Cymbal	A musical instrument of brass, shaped like a circular dish or a flat plate, with a handle at the back; -- used in pairs to produce a sharp ringing sound by clashing them together.
Cymbal	A musical instrument used by gypsies and others, made of steel wire, in a triangular form, on which are movable rings.
Cymbalist	A performer upon cymbals.
Cymbiform	Shaped like a boat; (Bot.) elongated and having the upper surface decidedly concave, as the glumes of many grasses.
Cymbium	A genus of marine univalve shells; the gondola.
Cyme	A flattish or convex flower cluster, of the centrifugal or determinate type, differing from a corymb chiefly in the order of the opening of the blossoms.
Cymene	A colorless, liquid, combustible hydrocarbon, CH3.C6H4.C3H7, of pleasant odor, obtained from oil of cumin, oil of caraway, carvacrol, camphor, etc.; -- called also paracymene, and formerly camphogen.
Cymenol	See Carvacrol.
Cymidine	A liquid organic base, C10H13.NH2, derived from cymene.
Cymiferous	Producing cymes.
Cymling	Alt. of Cymbling
Cymbling	A scalloped or "pattypan" variety of summer squash.
Cymogene	A highly volatile liquid, condensed by cold and pressure from the first products of the distillation of petroleum; -- used for producing low temperatures.
Cymoid	Having the form of a cyme.
Cymophane	See Chrysoberyl.
Cymophanous	Having a wavy, floating light; opalescent; chatoyant.
Cymose	Alt. of Cymous
Cymous	Having the nature of a cyme, or derived from a cyme; bearing, or pertaining to, a cyme or cymes.
Cymric	Welsh.
Cymric	The Welsh language.
Cymry	A collective term for the Welsh race; -- so called by themselves .
Cymule	A small cyme, or one of very few flowers.
Cynanche	Any disease of the tonsils, throat, or windpipe, attended with inflammation, swelling, and difficulty of breathing and swallowing.
Cynanthropy	A kind of madness in which men fancy themselves changed into dogs, and imitate the voice and habits of that animal.
Cynarctomachy	Bear baiting with a dog.
Cynarrhodium	A fruit like that of the rose, consisting of a cup formed of the calyx tube and receptacle, and containing achenes.
Cynegetics	The art of hunting with dogs.
Cynic	Alt. of Cynical
Cynical	Having the qualities of a surly dog; snarling; captious; currish.
Cynical	Pertaining to the Dog Star; as, the cynic, or Sothic, year; cynic cycle.
Cynical	Belonging to the sect of philosophers called cynics; having the qualities of a cynic; pertaining to, or resembling, the doctrines of the cynics.
Cynical	Given to sneering at rectitude and the conduct of life by moral principles; disbelieving in the reality of any human purposes which are not suggested or directed by self-interest or self-indulgence; as, a cynical man who scoffs at pretensions of integrity; characterized by such opinions; as, cynical views of human nature.
Cynic	One of a sect or school of philosophers founded by Antisthenes, and of whom Diogenes was a disciple. The first Cynics were noted for austere lives and their scorn for social customs and current philosophical opinions. Hence the term Cynic symbolized, in the popular judgment, moroseness, and contempt for the views of others.
Cynic	One who holds views resembling those of the Cynics; a snarler; a misanthrope; particularly, a person who believes that human conduct is directed, either consciously or unconsciously, wholly by self-interest or self-indulgence, and that appearances to the contrary are superficial and untrustworthy.
Cynically	In a cynical manner.
Cynicalness	The quality of being cynical.
Cynicism	The doctrine of the Cynics; the quality of being cynical; the mental state, opinions, or conduct, of a cynic; morose and contemptuous views and opinions.
Cynoidea	A division of Carnivora, including the dogs, wolves, and foxes.
Cynorexia	A voracious appetite, like that of a starved dog.
Cynosural	Of or pertaining to a cynosure.
Cynosure	The constellation of the Lesser Bear, to which, as containing the polar star, the eyes of mariners and travelers were often directed.
Cynosure	That which serves to direct.
Cynosure	Anything to which attention is strongly turned; a center of attraction.
Cyon	See Cion, and Scion.
Cyperaceous	Of, pertaining to, or resembling, a large family of plants of which the sedge is the type.
Cyperus	A large genus of plants belonging to the Sedge family, and including the species called galingale, several bulrushes, and the Egyptian papyrus.
Cypher	See Cipher.
Cyphonautes	The free-swimming, bivalve larva of certain Bryozoa.
Cyphonism	A punishment sometimes used by the ancients, consisting in the besmearing of the criminal with honey, and exposing him to insects. It is still in use among some Oriental nations.
Cypraea	A genus of mollusks, including the cowries. See Cowrie.
Cypres	A rule for construing written instruments so as to conform as nearly to the intention of the parties as is consistent with law.
Cypresses	of Cypress
Cypress	A coniferous tree of the genus Cupressus. The species are mostly evergreen, and have wood remarkable for its durability.
Cyprian	Belonging to Cyprus.
Cyprian	Of, pertaining, or conducing to, lewdness.
Cyprian	A native or inhabitant of Cyprus, especially of ancient Cyprus; a Cypriot.
Cyprian	A lewd woman; a harlot.
Cyprine	Of or pertaining to the cypress.
Cyprine	Cyprinoid.
Cyprinodont	One of the Cyprinodontidae, a family of fishes including the killifishes or minnows. See Minnow.
Cyprinoid	Like the carp (Cyprinus).
Cyprinoid	One of the Cyprinidae, or Carp family, as the goldfish, barbel, etc.
Cypriot	A native or inhabitant of Cyprus.
Cypripedium	A genus of orchidaceous plants including the lady's slipper.
Cyprides	of Cypris
Cypris	A genus of small, bivalve, fresh-water Crustacea, belonging to the Ostracoda; also, a member of this genus.
Cyprus	A thin, transparent stuff, the same as, or corresponding to, crape. It was either white or black, the latter being most common, and used for mourning.
Cypruslawn	Same as Cyprus.
Cypsela	A one-seeded, one-celled, indehiscent fruit; an achene with the calyx tube adherent.
Cypseliform	Like or belonging to the swifts (Cypselidae.)
Cyrenaic	Pertaining to Cyrenaica, an ancient country of northern Africa, and to Cyrene, its principal city; also, to a school of philosophy founded by Aristippus, a native of Cyrene.
Cyrenaic	A native of Cyrenaica; also, a disciple of the school of Aristippus. See Cyrenian, n.
Cyrenian	Pertaining to Cyrene, in Africa; Cyrenaic.
Cyrenian	A native or inhabitant of Cyrene.
Cyrenian	One of a school of philosophers, established at Cyrene by Aristippus, a disciple of Socrates. Their doctrines were nearly the same as those of the Epicureans.
Cyriologic	Relating to capital letters.
Cyrtostyle	A circular projecting portion.
Cyst	A pouch or sac without opening, usually membranous and containing morbid matter, which is accidentally developed in one of the natural cavities or in the substance of an organ.
Cyst	In old authors, the urinary bladder, or the gall bladder.
Cyst	One of the bladders or air vessels of certain algae, as of the great kelp of the Pacific, and common rockweeds (Fuci) of our shores.
Cyst	A small capsule or sac of the kind in which many immature entozoans exist in the tissues of living animals; also, a similar form in Rotifera, etc.
Cyst	A form assumed by Protozoa in which they become saclike and quiescent. It generally precedes the production of germs. See Encystment.
Cysted	Inclosed in a cyst.
Cystic	Having the form of, or living in, a cyst; as, the cystic entozoa.
Cystic	Containing cysts; cystose; as, cystic sarcoma.
Cystic	Pertaining to, or contained in, a cyst; esp., pertaining to, or contained in, either the urinary bladder or the gall bladder.
Cysticerce	Alt. of Cysticercus
Cysticercus	The larval form of a tapeworm, having the head and neck of a tapeworm attached to a saclike body filled with fluid; -- called also bladder worm, hydatid, and measle (as, pork measle).
Cysticule	An appendage of the vestibular ear sac of fishes.
Cystid	One of the Cystidea.
Cystidea	An order of Crinoidea, mostly fossils of the Paleozoic rocks. They were usually roundish or egg-shaped, and often unsymmetrical; some were sessile, others had short stems.
Cystidean	One of the Cystidea.
Cystine	A white crystalline substance, C3H7NSO2, containing sulphur, occuring as a constituent of certain rare urinary calculi, and occasionally found as a sediment in urine.
Cystis	A cyst. See Cyst.
Cystitis	Inflammation of the bladder.
Cystocarp	A minute vesicle in a red seaweed, which contains the reproductive spores.
Cystocele	Hernia in which the urinary bladder protrudes; vesical hernia.
Cystoid	Alt. of Cystoidean
Cystoidean	Same as Cystidean.
Cystoidea	Same as Cystidea.
Cystolith	A concretion of mineral matter within a leaf or other part of a plant.
Cystolith	A urinary calculus.
Cystolithic	Relating to stone in the bladder.
Cystoplast	A nucleated cell having an envelope or cell wall, as a red blood corpuscle or an epithelial cell; a cell concerned in growth.
Cystose	Containing, or resembling, a cyst or cysts; cystic; bladdery.
Cystotome	A knife or instrument used in cystotomy.
Cystotomy	The act or practice of opening cysts; esp., the operation of cutting into the bladder, as for the extraction of a calculus.
Cytherean	Pertaining to the goddess Venus.
Cytoblast	The nucleus of a cell; the germinal or active spot of a cellule, through or in which cell development takes place.
Cytoblastema	See Protoplasm.
Cytococci	of Cytococcus
Cytococcus	The nucleus of the cytula or parent cell.
Cytode	A nonnucleated mass of protoplasm, the supposed simplest form of independent life differing from the amoeba, in which nuclei are present.
Cytogenesis	Development of cells in animal and vegetable organisms. See Gemmation, Budding, Karyokinesis; also Cell development, under Cell.
Cytogenic	Alt. of Cytogenetic
Cytogenetic	Of or pertaining to cytogenesis or cell development.
Cytogenous	Producing cells; -- applied esp. to lymphatic, or adenoid, tissue.
Cytogeny	Cell production or development; cytogenesis.
Cytoid	Cell-like; -- applied to the corpuscles of lymph, blood, chyle, etc.
Cytoplasm	The substance of the body of a cell, as distinguished from the karyoplasma, or substance of the nucleus.
Cytula	The fertilized egg cell or parent cell, from the development of which the child or other organism is formed.
Czar	A king; a chief; the title of the emperor of Russia.
Czarevna	The title of the wife of the czarowitz.
Czarina	The title of the empress of Russia.
Czarinian	Of or pertaining to the czar or the czarina; czarish.
Czarish	Of or pertaining to the czar.
Czarowitzes	of Czarowitz
Czarowitz	The title of the eldest son of the czar of Russia.
Czech	One of the Czechs.
Czech	The language of the Czechs (often called Bohemian), the harshest and richest of the Slavic languages.
Czechic	Of or pertaining to the Czechs.
Czechs	The most westerly branch of the great Slavic family of nations, numbering now more than 6,000,000, and found principally in Bohemia and Moravia.
