J	J is the tenth letter of the English alphabet. It is a later variant form of the Roman letter I, used to express a consonantal sound, that is, originally, the sound of English y in yet. The forms J and I have, until a recent time, been classed together, and they have been used interchangeably.
Jaal goat	A species of wild goat (Capra Nubiana) found in the mountains of Abyssinia, Upper Egypt, and Arabia; -- called also beden, and jaela.
Jab	To thrust; to stab; to punch. See Job, v. t.
Jab	A thrust or stab.
Jabbered	of Jabber
Jabbering	of Jabber
Jabber	To talk rapidly, indistinctly, or unintelligibly; to utter gibberish or nonsense; to chatter.
Jabber	To utter rapidly or indistinctly; to gabble; as, to jabber French.
Jabber	Rapid or incoherent talk, with indistinct utterance; gibberish.
Jabber	One who jabbers.
Jabberingly	In a jabbering manner.
Jabberment	Jabber.
Jabbernowl	Same as Jobbernowl.
Jabiru	One of several large wading birds of the genera Mycteria and Xenorhynchus, allied to the storks in form and habits.
Jaborandi	The native name of a South American rutaceous shrub (Pilocarpus pennatifolius). The leaves are used in medicine as an diaphoretic and sialogogue.
Jaborine	An alkaloid found in jaborandi leaves, from which it is extracted as a white amorphous substance. In its action it resembles atropine.
Jabot	Originally, a kind of ruffle worn by men on the bosom of the shirt.
Jabot	An arrangement of lace or tulle, looped ornamentally, and worn by women on the front of the dress.
Jacamar	Any one of numerous species of tropical American birds of the genus Galbula and allied genera. They are allied to the kingfishers, but climb on tree trunks like nuthatches, and feed upon insects. Their colors are often brilliant.
Jacana	Any of several wading birds belonging to the genus Jacana and several allied genera, all of which have spurs on the wings. They are able to run about over floating water weeds by means of their very long, spreading toes. Called also surgeon bird.
Jacaranda	The native Brazilian name for certain leguminous trees, which produce the beautiful woods called king wood, tiger wood, and violet wood.
Jacaranda	A genus of bignoniaceous Brazilian trees with showy trumpet-shaped flowers.
Jacare	A cayman. See Yacare.
Jacchus	The common marmoset (Hapale vulgaris). Formerly, the name was also applied to other species of the same genus.
Jacconet	See Jaconet.
Jacent	Lying at length; as, the jacent posture.
Jacinth	See Hyacinth.
Jack	A large tree, the Artocarpus integrifolia, common in the East Indies, closely allied to the breadfruit, from which it differs in having its leaves entire. The fruit is of great size, weighing from thirty to forty pounds, and through its soft fibrous matter are scattered the seeds, which are roasted and eaten. The wood is of a yellow color, fine grain, and rather heavy, and is much used in cabinetwork. It is also used for dyeing a brilliant yellow.
Jack	A familiar nickname of, or substitute for, John.
Jack	An impertinent or silly fellow; a simpleton; a boor; a clown; also, a servant; a rustic.
Jack	A popular colloquial name for a sailor; -- called also Jack tar, and Jack afloat.
Jack	A mechanical contrivance, an auxiliary machine, or a subordinate part of a machine, rendering convenient service, and often supplying the place of a boy or attendant who was commonly called Jack
Jack	A device to pull off boots.
Jack	A sawhorse or sawbuck.
Jack	A machine or contrivance for turning a spit; a smoke jack, or kitchen jack.
Jack	A wooden wedge for separating rocks rent by blasting.
Jack	A lever for depressing the sinkers which push the loops down on the needles.
Jack	A grating to separate and guide the threads; a heck box.
Jack	A machine for twisting the sliver as it leaves the carding machine.
Jack	A compact, portable machine for planing metal.
Jack	A machine for slicking or pebbling leather.
Jack	A system of gearing driven by a horse power, for multiplying speed.
Jack	A hood or other device placed over a chimney or vent pipe, to prevent a back draught.
Jack	In the harpsichord, an intermediate piece communicating the action of the key to the quill; -- called also hopper.
Jack	In hunting, the pan or frame holding the fuel of the torch used to attract game at night; also, the light itself.
Jack	A portable machine variously constructed, for exerting great pressure, or lifting or moving a heavy body through a small distance. It consists of a lever, screw, rack and pinion, hydraulic press, or any simple combination of mechanical powers, working in a compact pedestal or support and operated by a lever, crank, capstan bar, etc. The name is often given to a jackscrew, which is a kind of jack.
Jack	The small bowl used as a mark in the game of bowls.
Jack	The male of certain animals, as of the ass.
Jack	A young pike; a pickerel.
Jack	The jurel.
Jack	A large, California rock fish (Sebastodes paucispinus); -- called also boccaccio, and merou.
Jack	The wall-eyed pike.
Jack	A drinking measure holding half a pint; also, one holding a quarter of a pint.
Jack	A flag, containing only the union, without the fly, usually hoisted on a jack staff at the bowsprit cap; -- called also union jack. The American jack is a small blue flag, with a star for each State.
Jack	A bar of iron athwart ships at a topgallant masthead, to support a royal mast, and give spread to the royal shrouds; -- called also jack crosstree.
Jack	The knave of a suit of playing cards.
Jack	A coarse and cheap mediaeval coat of defense, esp. one made of leather.
Jack	A pitcher or can of waxed leather; -- called also black jack.
Jack	To hunt game at night by means of a jack. See 2d Jack, n., 4, n.
Jack	To move or lift, as a house, by means of a jack or jacks. See 2d Jack, n., 5.
Jack-a-dandy	A little dandy; a little, foppish, impertinent fellow.
Jackal	Any one of several species of carnivorous animals inhabiting Africa and Asia, related to the dog and wolf. They are cowardly, nocturnal, and gregarious. They feed largely on carrion, and are noted for their piercing and dismal howling.
Jackal	One who does mean work for another's advantage, as jackals were once thought to kill game which lions appropriated.
Jack-a-lent	A small stuffed puppet to be pelted in Lent; hence, a simple fellow.
Jackanapes	A monkey; an ape.
Jackanapes	A coxcomb; an impertinent or conceited fellow.
Jackass	The male ass; a donkey.
Jackass	A conceited dolt; a perverse blockhead.
Jackdaw	See Daw, n.
Jackeen	A drunken, dissolute fellow.
Jacket	A short upper garment, extending downward to the hips; a short coat without skirts.
Jacket	An outer covering for anything, esp. a covering of some nonconducting material such as wood or felt, used to prevent radiation of heat, as from a steam boiler, cylinder, pipe, etc.
Jacket	In ordnance, a strengthening band surrounding and reenforcing the tube in which the charge is fired.
Jacket	A garment resembling a waistcoat lined with cork, to serve as a life preserver; -- called also cork jacket.
Jacket	To put a jacket on; to furnish, as a boiler, with a jacket.
Jacket	To thrash; to beat.
Jacketed	Wearing, or furnished with, a jacket.
Jacketing	The material of a jacket; as, nonconducting jacketing.
Jack Ketch	A public executioner, or hangman.
Jackknife	A large, strong clasp knife for the pocket; a pocket knife.
Jackmen	of Jackman
Jackman	One wearing a jack; a horse soldier; a retainer. See 3d Jack, n.
Jackman	A cream cheese.
Jack-o'-lantern	See Jack-with-a-lantern, under 2d Jack.
Jackpudding	A merry-andrew; a buffoon.
Jacksaw	The merganser.
Jackscrew	A jack in which a screw is used for lifting, or exerting pressure. See Illust. of 2d Jack, n., 5.
Jackslave	A low servant; a mean fellow.
Jacksmith	A smith who makes jacks. See 2d Jack, 4, c.
Jacksnipe	A small European snipe (Limnocryptes gallinula); -- called also judcock, jedcock, juddock, jed, and half snipe.
Jacksnipe	A small American sandpiper (Tringa maculata); -- called also pectoral sandpiper, and grass snipe.
Jackstay	A rail of wood or iron stretching along a yard of a vessel, to which the sails are fastened.
Jackstone	One of the pebbles or pieces used in the game of jackstones.
Jackstone	A game played with five small stones or pieces of metal. See 6th Chuck.
Jackstraw	An effigy stuffed with straw; a scarecrow; hence, a man without property or influence.
Jackstraw	One of a set of straws of strips of ivory, bone, wood, etc., for playing a child's game, the jackstraws being thrown confusedly together on a table, to be gathered up singly by a hooked instrument, without touching or disturbing the rest of the pile. See Spilikin.
Jackwood	Wood of the jack (Artocarpus integrifolia), used in cabinetwork.
Jacob	A Hebrew patriarch (son of Isaac, and ancestor of the Jews), who in a vision saw a ladder reaching up to heaven (Gen. xxviii. 12); -- also called Israel.
Jacobaean lily	A bulbous plant  (Amaryllis, / Sprekelia, formosissima) from Mexico. It bears a single, large, deep, red, lilylike flower.
Jacobean	Alt. of Jacobian
Jacobian	Of or pertaining to a style of architecture and decoration in the time of James the First, of England.
Jacobin	A Dominican friar; -- so named because, before the French Revolution, that order had a convent in the Rue St. Jacques, Paris.
Jacobin	One of a society of violent agitators in France, during the revolution of 1789, who held secret meetings in the Jacobin convent in the Rue St. Jacques, Paris, and concerted measures to control the proceedings of the National Assembly. Hence: A plotter against an existing government; a turbulent demagogue.
Jacobin	A fancy pigeon, in which the feathers of the neck form a hood, -- whence the name. The wings and tail are long, and the beak moderately short.
Jacobin	Same as Jacobinic.
Jacobine	A Jacobin.
Jacobinic	Alt. of Jacobinical
Jacobinical	Of or pertaining to the Jacobins of France; revolutionary; of the nature of, or characterized by, Jacobinism.
Jacobinism	The  principles of the Jacobins; violent and factious opposition to legitimate government.
Jacobinized	of Jacobinize
Jacobinizing	of Jacobinize
Jacobinize	To taint with, or convert to, Jacobinism.
Jacobite	A partisan or adherent of James the Second, after his abdication, or of his descendants, an opposer of the revolution in 1688 in favor of William and Mary.
Jacobite	One of the sect of Syrian Monophysites. The sect is named after Jacob Baradaeus, its leader in the  sixth century.
Jacobite	Of or pertaining to the Jacobites.
Jacobitic	Alt. of Jacobitical
Jacobitical	Of or pertaining to the Jacobites; characterized by Jacobitism.
Jacobitism	The principles of the Jacobites.
Jacobuses	of Jacobus
Jacobus	An English gold coin, of the value of twenty-five shillings sterling, struck in the reign of James I.
Jaconet	A thin cotton fabric, between and muslin, used for dresses, neckcloths, etc.
Jacquard	Pertaining to, or invented by, Jacquard, a French mechanician, who died in 1834.
Jacqueminot	A half-hardy, deep crimson  rose of the remontant class; -- so named after General Jacqueminot, of France.
Jacquerie	The name given to a revolt of French peasants against the nobles in 1358, the leader assuming the contemptuous title, Jacques Bonhomme, given by the nobles to the peasantry. Hence, any revolt of peasants.
Jactancy	A boasting; a bragging.
Jactation	A throwing or tossing of the body; a shaking or agitation.
Jactitation	Vain boasting or assertions repeated to the prejudice of another's right; false claim.
Jactitation	A frequent tossing or moving of the body; restlessness, as in delirium.
Jaculable	Fit for throwing.
Jaculated	of Jaculate
Jaculating	of Jaculate
Jaculate	To throw or cast, as a dart; to throw out; to emit.
Jaculation	The act of tossing, throwing, or hurling, as spears.
Jaculator	One who throws or casts.
Jaculator	The archer fish (Toxotes jaculator).
Jaculatory	Darting or throwing out suddenly; also, suddenly thrown out; uttered in short sentences; ejaculatory; as, jaculatory prayers.
Jadding	See Holing.
Jade	A stone, commonly of a pale to dark green color but sometimes whitish. It is very hard and compact, capable of fine polish, and is used for ornamental purposes and for implements, esp. in Eastern countries and among many early peoples.
Jade	A mean or tired horse; a worthless nag.
Jade	A disreputable or vicious woman; a wench; a quean; also, sometimes, a worthless man.
Jade	A young woman; -- generally so called in irony or slight contempt.
Jaded	of Jade
Jading	of Jade
Jade	To treat like a jade; to spurn.
Jade	To make ridiculous and contemptible.
Jade	To exhaust by overdriving or long-continued labor of any kind; to tire or wear out by severe or tedious tasks; to harass.
Jade	To become weary; to lose spirit.
Jadeite	See Jade, the stone.
Jadery	The tricks of a jade.
Jadish	Vicious; ill-tempered; resembling a jade; -- applied to a horse.
Jadish	Unchaste; -- applied to a woman.
Jaeger	See Jager.
Jag	A notch; a cleft; a barb; a ragged or sharp protuberance; a denticulation.
Jag	A part broken off; a fragment.
Jag	A cleft or division.
Jagged	of Jag
Jagging	of Jag
Jag	To cut into notches or teeth like those of a saw; to notch.
Jag	A small load, as of hay or grain in the straw, or of ore.
Jag	To carry, as a load; as, to jag hay, etc.
Jaganatha	Alt. of Jaganatha
Jaganatha	See Juggernaut.
Jager	A sharpshooter. See Yager.
Jager	Any species of gull of the genus Stercorarius. Three species occur on the Atlantic coast. The jagers pursue other species of gulls and force them to disgorge their prey. The two middle tail feathers are usually decidedly longer than the rest. Called also boatswain, and marline-spike bird. The name is also applied to the skua, or Arctic gull (Megalestris skua).
Jagg	See Jag.
Jagged	Having jags; having rough, sharp notches, protuberances, or teeth; cleft; laciniate; divided; as, jagged rocks.
Jagger	One who carries about a small load; a peddler. See 2d Jag.
Jagger	One who, or that which, jags; specifically: (a) jagging iron used for crimping pies, cakes, etc. (b) A toothed chisel. See Jag, v. t.
Jaggery	Raw palm sugar, made in the East Indies by evaporating the fresh juice of several kinds of palm trees, but specifically that of the palmyra (Borassus flabelliformis).
Jaggy	Having jags; set with teeth; notched; uneven; as, jaggy teeth.
Jaghir	A village or district the government and revenues of which are assigned to some person, usually in consideration of some service to be rendered, esp. the maintenance of troops.
Jaghirdar	The holder of a jaghir.
Jagua palm	A great Brazilian palm (Maximiliana regia), having immense spathes which are used for baskets and tubs.
Jaguar	A large and powerful feline animal (Felis onca), ranging from Texas and Mexico to Patagonia. It is usually brownish yellow, with large, dark, somewhat angular rings, each generally inclosing one or two dark spots. It is chiefly arboreal in its habits. Called also the American tiger.
Jaguarondi	A South American wild cat (Felis jaguarondi), having a long, slim body and very short legs. Its color is grayish brown, varied with a blackish hue. It is arboreal in its habits and feeds mostly on birds.
Jah	Jehovah.
Jail	A kind of prison; a building for the confinement of persons held in lawful  custody, especially for minor offenses or with reference to some future judicial proceeding.
Jail	To imprison.
Jailer	The keeper of a jail or prison.
Jain	Alt. of Jaina
Jaina	One of a numerous sect in British India, holding the tenets of Jainism.
Jainism	The heterodox Hindoo religion, of which the most striking features are the exaltation of saints or holy mortals, called jins, above the ordinary Hindoo gods, and the denial of the divine origin and infallibility of the Vedas. It is intermediate between Brahmanism and Buddhism, having some things in common with each.
Jairou	The ahu or Asiatic gazelle.
Jak	see Ils Jack.
Jakes	A privy.
Jakie	A South American striped frog (Pseudis paradoxa), remarkable for having a tadpole larger than the adult, and hence called also paradoxical frog.
Jako	An African parrot (Psittacus erithacus), very commonly kept as a cage bird; -- called also gray parrot.
Jakwood	See Jackwood.
Jalap	The tubers of the Mexican plant Ipomoea purga (or Exogonium purga), a climber much like the morning-glory. The abstract, extract, and powder, prepared from the tubers, are well known purgative medicines. Other species of Ipomoea yield several inferior kinds of jalap, as the I. Orizabensis, and I. tuberosa.
Jalapic	Of or pertaining to jalap.
Jalapin	A glucoside found in the stems of the jalap plant and scammony. It is a strong purgative.
Jalons	Long poles, topped with wisps of straw, used as landmarks and signals.
Jalousie	A Venetian or slatted inside window blind.
Jalousied	Furnished with jalousies; as, jalousied porches.
Jam	A kind of frock for children.
Jam	See Jamb.
Jammed	of Jam
Jamming	of Jam
Jam	To press into a close or tight position; to crowd; to squeeze; to wedge in.
Jam	To crush or bruise; as, to jam a finger in the crack of a door.
Jam	To bring (a vessel) so close to the wind that half her upper sails are laid aback.
Jam	A mass of people or objects crowded together; also, the pressure from a crowd; a crush; as, a jam in a street; a jam of logs in a river.
Jam	An injury caused by jamming.
Jam	A preserve of fruit boiled with sugar and water; as, raspberry jam; currant jam; grape jam.
Jamacina	Jamaicine.
Jamadar	Same as Jemidar.
Jamaica	One of the West India is islands.
Jamaican	Of or pertaining to Jamaica.
Jamaican	A native or inhabitant of Jamaica.
Jamaicine	An alkaloid said to be contained in the bark of Geoffroya inermis, a leguminous tree growing in Jamaica and Surinam; -- called also jamacina.
Jamb	The vertical side of any opening, as a door or fireplace; hence, less properly, any narrow vertical surface of wall, as the of a chimney-breast or of a pier, as distinguished from its face.
Jamb	Any thick mass of rock which prevents miners from following the lode or vein.
Jamb	See Jam, v. t.
Jambee	A fashionable cane.
Jambes	Alt. of Jambeux
Jambeux	In the Middle Ages, armor for the legs below the knees.
Jambolana	A myrtaceous tree of the West Indies and tropical America (Calyptranthes Jambolana), with astringent bark, used for dyeing. It bears an edible fruit.
Jamdani	A silk fabric, with a woven pattern of sprigs of flowers.
Jamesonite	A steel-gray mineral, of metallic luster, commonly fibrous massive. It is a sulphide of antimony and lead, with a little iron.
James's powder	Antimonial powder, first prepared by Dr. James, ar English physician; -- called also fever powder.
Jamestown weed	The poisonous thorn apple or stramonium (Datura stramonium), a rank weed early noticed at Jamestown, Virginia. See Datura.
Jan	One of intermediate order between angels and men.
Jane	A coin of Genoa; any small coin.
Jane	A kind of twilled cotton cloth. See Jean.
Jane-of-apes	A silly, pert girl; -- corresponding to jackanapes.
Jangled	of Jangle
Jangling	of Jangle
Jangle	To sound harshly or discordantly, as bells out of tune.
Jangle	To talk idly; to prate; to babble; to chatter; to gossip.
Jangle	To quarrel in words; to altercate; to wrangle.
Jangle	To cause to sound harshly or inharmoniously; to produce discordant sounds with.
Jangle	Idle talk; prate; chatter; babble.
Jangle	Discordant sound; wrangling.
Jangler	An idle talker; a babbler; a prater.
Jangler	A wrangling, noisy fellow.
Jangleress	A female prater or babbler.
Janglery	Jangling.
Jangling	Producing discordant sounds.
Jangling	Idle babbling; vain disputation.
Jangling	Wrangling; altercation.
Janissary	See Janizary.
Janitor	A door-keeper; a porter; one who has the care of a public building, or a building occupied for offices, suites of rooms, etc.
Janitress	Alt. of Janitrix
Janitrix	A female janitor.
Janizar	A janizary.
Janizarian	Of or pertaining to the janizaries, or their government.
Janizaries	of Janizary
Janizary	A soldier of a privileged military class, which formed the nucleus of the Turkish infantry, but was suppressed in 1826.
Janker	A long pole on two wheels, used in hauling logs.
Jansenism	The doctrine of Jansen regarding free will and divine grace.
Jansenist	A follower of Cornelius Jansen, a Roman Catholic bishop of Ypres, in Flanders, in the 17th century, who taught certain doctrines denying free will and the possibility of resisting divine grace.
Jant	See Jaunt.
Janthina	See Ianthina.
Jantily	See Jauntily.
Jantiness	See Jauntiness.
Jantu	A machine of great antiquity, used in Bengal for raising water to irrigate land.
Janty	See Jaunty.
January	The first month of the year, containing thirty-one days.
Janus	A Latin deity represented with two faces looking in opposite directions. Numa is said to have dedicated to Janus the covered passage at Rome, near the Forum, which is usually called the Temple of Janus. This passage was open in war and closed in peace.
Janus-faced	Double-faced; deceitful.
Janus-headed	Double-headed.
Japan	Work varnished and figured in the Japanese manner; also, the varnish or lacquer used in japanning.
Japan	Of or pertaining to Japan, or to the lacquered work of that country; as, Japan ware.
Japanned	of Japan
Japanning	of Japan
Japan	To cover with a coat of hard, brilliant varnish, in the manner of the Japanese; to lacquer.
Japan	To give a glossy black to, as shoes.
Japanese	Of or pertaining to Japan, or its inhabitants.
Japanese	A native or inhabitant of Japan; collectively, the people of Japan.
Japanese	The language of the people of Japan.
Japanned	Treated, or coated, with varnish in the Japanese manner.
Japanner	One who varnishes in the manner of the Japanese, or one skilled in the art.
Japanner	A bootblack.
Japanning	The art or act of varnishing in  the Japanese manner.
Japannish	After the manner of the Japanese; resembling japanned articles.
Jape	To jest; to play tricks; to jeer.
Jape	To mock; to trick.
Japer	A jester; a buffoon.
Japery	Jesting; buffoonery.
Japhethite	A Japhetite.
Japhetic	Pertaining to, or derived from, Japheth, one of the sons of Noah; as, Japhetic nations, the nations of Europe and Northern Asia; Japhetic languages.
Japhetite	A descendant of Japheth.
Japonica	A species of Camellia (Camellia Japonica), a native of Japan, bearing beautiful red or white flowers. Many other genera have species of the same name.
Jar	A turn. [Only in phrase.]
Jar	A deep, broad-mouthed vessel of earthenware or glass, for holding fruit, preserves, etc., or for ornamental purposes; as, a jar of honey; a rose jar.
Jar	The measure of what is contained in a jar; as, a jar of oil; a jar of preserves.
Jarred	of Jar
jarring	of Jar
Jar	To  give forth a rudely quivering or tremulous sound; to sound harshly or discordantly; as, the notes jarred on my ears.
Jar	To act in opposition or disagreement; to clash; to interfere; to quarrel; to dispute.
Jar	To cause a short, tremulous motion of, to cause to tremble, as by a sudden shock or blow; to shake; to shock; as, to jar the earth; to jar one's faith.
Jar	To tick; to beat; to mark or tell off.
Jar	A rattling, tremulous vibration or shock; a shake; a harsh sound; a discord; as, the jar of a train; the jar of harsh sounds.
Jar	Clash of interest or opinions; collision; discord; debate; slight disagreement.
Jar	A regular vibration, as of a pendulum.
Jar	In deep well boring, a device resembling two long chain links, for connecting a percussion drill to the rod or rope which works it, so that the drill is driven down by impact and is jerked loose when jammed.
Jararaca	A poisonous serpent of Brazil (Bothrops jararaca), about eighteen inches long, and of a dusky, brownish color, variegated with red and black spots.
Jarble	To wet; to bemire.
Jardiniere	An ornamental stand or receptacle for plants, flowers, etc., used as a piece of decorative furniture in room.
Jards	A callous tumor on the leg of a horse, below the hock.
Jargle	To emit a harsh or discordant sound.
Jargon	Confused, unintelligible language; gibberish; hence, an artificial idiom or dialect; cant language; slang.
Jargoned	of Jargon
Jargoning	of Jargon
Jargon	To utter jargon; to emit confused or unintelligible sounds; to talk unintelligibly, or in a harsh and noisy manner.
Jargon	A variety of zircon. See Zircon.
Jargonelle	A variety of pear which ripens early.
Jargonic	Of or pertaining to the mineral jargon.
Jargonist	One addicted to jargon; one who uses cant or slang.
Jarl	A chief; an earl; in English history, one of the leaders in the Danish and Norse invasions.
Jarnut	An earthnut.
Jarosite	An ocher-yellow mineral occurring on minute rhombohedral crystals. It is a hydrous sulphate of iron and potash.
Jar-owl	The goatsucker.
Jarrah	The mahoganylike wood of the Australian Eucalyptus marginata. See Eucalyptus.
Jarring	Shaking; disturbing; discordant.
Jarring	A shaking; a tremulous motion; as, the jarring of a steamship, caused by its engines.
Jarring	Discord; a clashing of interests.
Jarringly	In a jarring or discordant manner.
Jarvey	Alt. of Jarvy
Jarvy	The driver of a hackney coach.
Jarvy	A hackney coach.
Jasey	A wig; -- so called, perhaps, from being made of, or resembling, Jersey yarn.
Jashawk	A young hawk.
Jasmine	A shrubby plant of the genus Jasminum, bearing flowers of a peculiarly fragrant odor. The J. officinale, common in the south of Europe, bears white flowers. The Arabian jasmine is J. Sambac, and, with J. angustifolia, comes from the East Indies. The yellow false jasmine in the Gelseminum sempervirens (see Gelsemium). Several other plants are called jasmine in the West Indies, as species of Calotropis and Faramea.
Jasp	Jasper.
Jaspachate	Agate jasper.
Jasper	An opaque, impure variety of quartz, of red, yellow, and other dull colors, breaking with a smooth surface. It admits of a high polish, and is used for vases, seals, snuff boxes, etc. When the colors are in stripes or bands, it is called striped /  banded jasper. The Egyptian pebble is a brownish yellow jasper.
Jasperated	mixed with jasper; containing particles of jasper; as, jasperated agate.
Jasperize	To convert into, or make to resemble, jasper.
Jaspery	Of the nature of jasper; mixed with jasper.
Jaspidean	Alt. of Jaspideous
Jaspideous	Consisting of jasper, or containing jasper; jaspery; jasperlike.
Jaspilite	A compact siliceous rock resembling jasper.
Jaspoid	Resembling jasper.
Jasponyx	An onyx, part or all of whose layers consist of jasper.
Jatrophic	Of or pertaining to physic nuts, the seeds of plants of the genus Jatropha.
Jaunce	To ride hard; to jounce.
Jaundice	A morbid condition, characterized by yellowness of the eyes, skin, and urine, whiteness of the faeces, constipation, uneasiness in the region of the stomach, loss of appetite, and general languor and lassitude. It is caused usually by obstruction of the biliary passages and consequent damming up, in the liver, of the bile, which is then absorbed into the blood.
Jaundice	To affect with jaundice; to color by prejudice or envy; to prejudice.
Jaundiced	Affected with jaundice.
Jaundiced	Prejudiced; envious; as, a jaundiced judgment.
Jaunted	of Jaunt
Jaunting	of Jaunt
Jaunt	To ramble here and there; to stroll; to make an excursion.
Jaunt	To ride on a jaunting car.
Jaunt	To jolt; to jounce.
Jaunt	A wearisome journey.
Jaunt	A short excursion for pleasure or refreshment; a ramble; a short journey.
Jauntily	In a jaunty manner.
Jauntiness	The quality of being jaunty.
Jaunty	Airy; showy; finical; hence, characterized by an affected or fantastical manner.
Java	One of the islands of the Malay Archipelago belonging to the Netherlands.
Java	Java coffee, a kind of coffee brought from Java.
Javanese	Of or pertaining to Java, or to the people of Java.
Javanese	A native or natives of Java.
Javel	A vagabond.
Javelin	A sort of light spear, to be thrown or cast by thew hand; anciently, a weapon of war used by horsemen and foot soldiers; now used chiefly in hunting the wild boar and other fierce game.
Javelin	To pierce with a javelin.
Javelinier	A soldier armed with a javelin.
Jaw	One of the bones, usually bearing teeth, which form the framework of the mouth.
Jaw	Hence, also, the bone itself with the teeth and covering.
Jaw	In the plural, the mouth.
Jaw	Fig.: Anything resembling the jaw of an animal in form or action; esp., pl., the mouth or way of entrance; as, the jaws of a pass; the jaws of darkness; the jaws of death.
Jaw	A notch or opening.
Jaw	A notched or forked part, adapted for holding an object in place; as, the jaw of a railway-car pedestal. See Axle guard.
Jaw	One of a pair of opposing parts which are movable towards or from each other, for grasping or crushing anything between them, as, the jaws of a vise, or the jaws of a stone-crushing machine.
Jaw	The inner end of a boom or gaff, hollowed in a half circle so as to move freely on a mast.
Jaw	Impudent or abusive talk.
Jawed	of Jaw
Jawing	of Jaw
Jaw	To scold; to clamor.
Jaw	To assail or abuse by scolding.
Jawbone	The bone of either jaw; a maxilla or a mandible.
Jawed	Having jaws; -- chiefly in composition; as, lantern-jawed.
Law-fall	Depression of the jaw; hence, depression of spirits.
Jaw-fallen	Dejected; chopfallen.
Jawfoot	See Maxilliped.
Jawing	Scolding; clamorous or abusive talk.
Jawn	See Yawn.
Jawy	Relating to the jaws.
Jay	Any one of the numerous species of birds belonging to Garrulus, Cyanocitta, and allied genera. They are allied to the crows, but are smaller, more graceful in form, often handsomely colored, and usually have a crest.
Jayet	See Jet.
Jayhawker	A name given to a free-booting, unenlisted, armed man or guerrilla.
Jazel	A gem of an azure color.
Jazerant	A coat of defense made of small plates of metal sewed upon linen or the like; also, this kind of armor taken generally; as, a coat of jazerant.
Jealous	Zealous; solicitous; vigilant; anxiously watchful.
Jealous	Apprehensive; anxious; suspiciously watchful.
Jealous	Exacting exclusive devotion; intolerant of rivalry.
Jealous	Disposed to suspect rivalry in matters of interest and affection; apprehensive regarding the motives of possible rivals, or the fidelity of friends; distrustful; having morbid fear of rivalry in love or preference given to another; painfully suspicious of the faithfulness of husband, wife, or lover.
Jealoushood	Jealousy.
Jealously	In a jealous manner.
Jealousness	State or quality of being jealous.
Jealousies	of Jealousy
Jealousy	The quality of being jealous; earnest concern or solicitude; painful apprehension of rivalship in cases nearly affecting one's happiness; painful suspicion of the faithfulness of husband, wife, or lover.
Jeames	A footman; a flunky.
Jean	A twilled cotton cloth.
Jears	See 1st Jeer (b).
Jeat	See Jet.
Jedding ax	A stone mason's tool, having a flat face and a pointed part.
Jee	See Gee.
Jeel	A morass; a shallow lake.
Jeer	A gear; a tackle.
Jeer	An assemblage or combination of tackles, for hoisting or lowering the lower yards of a ship.
Jeered	of Jeer
Jeering	of Jeer
Jeer	To utter sarcastic or scoffing reflections; to speak with mockery or derision; to use taunting language; to scoff; as, to jeer at a speaker.
Jeer	To treat with scoffs or derision; to address with jeers; to taunt; to flout; to mock at.
Jeer	A railing remark or reflection; a scoff; a taunt; a biting jest; a flout; a jibe; mockery.
Jeerer	A scoffer; a railer; a mocker.
Jeering	Mocking; scoffing.
Jeering	A mocking utterance.
Jeers	See 1st Jeer (b).
Jeffersonia	An American herb with a pretty, white, solitary blossom, and deeply two-cleft leaves (Jeffersonia diphylla); twinleaf.
Jeffersonian	Pertaining to, or characteristic of, Thomas Jefferson or his policy or political doctrines.
Jeffersonite	A variety of pyroxene of olive-green color passing into brown. It contains zinc.
Jeg	See Jig, 6.
Jehovah	A Scripture name of the Supreme Being, by which he was revealed to the Jews as their covenant God or Sovereign of the theocracy; the "ineffable name" of the Supreme Being, which was not pronounced by the Jews.
Jehovist	One who maintains that the vowel points of the word Jehovah, in Hebrew, are the proper vowels of that word; -- opposed to adonist.
Jehovist	The writer of the passages of the Old Testament, especially those of the Pentateuch, in which the Supreme Being is styled Jehovah. See Elohist.
Jehovistic	Relating to, or containing, Jehovah, as a name of God; -- said of certain parts of the Old Testament, especially of the Pentateuch, in which Jehovah appears as the name of the Deity. See Elohistic.
Jehu	A coachman; a driver; especially, one who drives furiously.
Jejunal	Pertaining to the jejunum.
Jejune	Lacking matter; empty; void of substance.
Jejune	Void of interest; barren; meager; dry; as, a jejune narrative.
Jejunity	The quality of being jejune; jejuneness.
Jejunum	The middle division of the small intestine, between the duodenum and ileum; -- so called because usually found empty after death.
Jelerang	A large, handsome squirrel (Sciurus Javensis), native of Java and Southern Asia; -- called also Java squirrel.
Jell	To jelly.
Jellied	Brought to the state or consistence of jelly.
Jellies	of Jelly
Jelly	Anything brought to a gelatinous condition; a viscous, translucent substance in a condition between liquid and solid; a stiffened solution of gelatin, gum, or the like.
Jelly	The juice of fruits or meats boiled with sugar to an elastic consistence; as, currant jelly; calf's-foot jelly.
Jellied	of Jelly
Jellying	of Jelly
Jelly	To become jelly; to come to the state or consistency of jelly.
Jellyfish	Any one of the acalephs, esp. one of the larger species, having a jellylike appearance. See Medusa.
Jemidar	The chief or leader of a hand or body of persons; esp., in the native army of India, an officer of a rank corresponding to that of lieutenant in the English army.
Jemlah goat	The jharal.
Jemminess	Spruceness.
Jemmy	Spruce.
Jemmy	A short crowbar. See Jimmy.
Jemmy	A baked sheep's head.
Jeniquen	A Mexican name for the Sisal hemp (Agave rigida, var. Sisalana); also, its fiber.
Jenite	See Yenite.
Jenkins	name of contempt for a flatterer of persons high in social or official life; as, the Jenkins employed by a newspaper.
Jennet	A small Spanish horse; a genet.
Jenneting	A variety of early apple. See Juneating.
Jennies	of Jenny
Jenny	A familiar or pet form of the proper name Jane.
Jenny	A familiar name of the European wren.
Jenny	A machine for spinning a number of threads at once, -- used in factories.
Jentling	A fish of the genus Leuciscus; the blue chub of the Danube.
Jeofail	An oversight in pleading, or the acknowledgment of a mistake or oversight.
Jeoparded	of Jeopard
Jeoparding	of Jeopard
Jeopard	To put in jeopardy; to expose to loss or injury; to imperil; to hazard.
Jeoparder	One who puts in jeopardy.
Jeopardized	of Jeopardize
Jeopardizing	of Jeopardize
Jeopardize	To expose to loss or injury; to risk; to jeopard.
Jeopardous	Perilous; hazardous.
Jeopardy	Exposure to death, loss, or injury; hazard; danger.
Jeopardy	To jeopardize.
Jerboa	Any small jumping rodent of the genus Dipus, esp. D. Aegyptius, which is common in Egypt and the adjacent countries. The jerboas have very long hind legs and a long tail.
Jereed	A blunt javelin used by the people of the Levant, especially in mock fights.
Jeremiad	Alt. of Jeremiade
Jeremiade	A tale of sorrow, disappointment, or complaint; a doleful story; a dolorous tirade; -- generally used satirically.
Jerfalcon	The gyrfalcon.
Jerguer	See Jerquer.
Jerid	Same as Jereed.
Jerk	To cut into long slices or strips and dry in the sun; as, jerk beef. See Charqui.
Jerked	of Jerk
Jerking	of Jerk
Jerk	To beat; to strike.
Jerk	To give a quick and suddenly arrested thrust, push, pull, or twist, to; to yerk; as, to jerk one with the elbow; to jerk a coat off.
Jerk	To throw with a quick and suddenly arrested motion of the hand; as, to jerk a stone.
Jerk	To make a sudden motion; to move with a start, or by starts.
Jerk	To flout with contempt.
Jerk	A short, sudden pull, thrust, push, twitch, jolt, shake, or similar motion.
Jerk	A sudden start or spring.
Jerker	A beater.
Jerker	One who jerks or moves with a jerk.
Jerker	A North American river chub (Hybopsis biguttatus).
Jerkin	A jacket or short coat; a close waistcoat.
Jerkin	A male gyrfalcon.
Jerking	The act of pulling, pushing, or throwing, with a jerk.
Jerkinhead	The hipped part of a roof which is hipped only for a part of its height, leaving a truncated gable.
Jerky	Moving by jerks and starts; characterized by abrupt transitions; as, a jerky vehicle; a jerky style.
Jermoonal	The Himalayan now partridge.
Jeronymite	One belonging of the mediaeval religious orders called Hermits of St. Jerome.
Jeropigia	See Geropigia.
Jerquer	A customhouse officer who searches ships for unentered goods.
Jerquing	The searching of a ship for unentered goods.
Jerquing	The searching of a ship for unentered goods.
Jerry-built	Built hastily and of bad materials; as, jerry-built houses.
Jerseys	of Jersey
Jersey	The finest of wool separated from the rest; combed wool; also, fine yarn of wool.
Jersey	A kind of knitted jacket; hence, in general, a closefitting jacket or upper garment made of an elastic fabric (as stockinet).
Jersey	One of a breed of cattle in the Island of Jersey. Jerseys are noted for the richness of their milk.
Jerusalem	The chief city of Palestine, intimately associated with the glory of the Jewish nation, and the life and death of Jesus Christ.
Jervine	A poisonous alkaloid resembling veratrine, and found with it in white hellebore (Veratrum album); -- called also jervina.
Jesses	of Jess
Jess	A short strap of leather or silk secured round the leg of a hawk, to which the leash or line, wrapped round the falconer's hand, was attached when used. See Illust. of Falcon.
Jessamine	Same as Jasmine.
Jessant	Springing up or emerging; -- said of a plant or animal.
Jesse	Any representation or suggestion of the genealogy of Christ, in decorative art
Jesse	A genealogical tree represented in stained glass.
Jesse	A candlestick with many branches, each of which bears the name of some one of the descendants of Jesse; -- called also  tree of Jesse.
Jessed	Having jesses on, as a hawk.
Jest	A deed; an action; a gest.
Jest	A mask; a pageant; an interlude.
Jest	Something done or said in order to amuse; a joke; a witticism; a jocose or sportive remark or phrase. See Synonyms under Jest, v. i.
Jest	The object of laughter or sport; a laughingstock.
Jested	of Jest
Jesting	of Jest
Jest	To take part in a merrymaking; -- especially, to act in a mask or interlude.
Jest	To make merriment by words or actions; to joke; to make light of anything.
Jester	A buffoon; a merry-andrew; a court fool.
Jester	A person addicted to jesting, or to indulgence in light and amusing talk.
Jestful	Given to jesting; full of jokes.
Jesting	Sportive; not serious; fit for jests.
Jesting	The act or practice of making jests; joking; pleasantry.
Jestingly	In a jesting manner.
Jesuit	One of a religious order founded by Ignatius Loyola, and approved in 1540, under the title of The Society of Jesus.
Jesuit	Fig.: A crafty person; an intriguer.
Jesuited	Conforming to the principles of the Jesuits.
Jesuitess	One of an order of nuns established on the principles of the Jesuits, but suppressed by Pope Urban in 1633.
Jesuitic	Alt. of Jesuitical
Jesuitical	Of or pertaining to the Jesuits, or to their principles and methods.
Jesuitical	Designing; cunning; deceitful; crafty; -- an opprobrious use of the word.
Jesuitically	In a jesuitical manner.
Jesuitism	The principles and practices of the Jesuits.
Jesuitism	Cunning; deceit; deceptive practices to effect a purpose; subtle argument; -- an opprobrious use of the  word.
Jesuitocracy	Government by Jesuits; also, the whole body of Jesuits in a country.
Jesuitry	Jesuitism; subtle argument.
Jesus	The Savior; the name of the Son of God as announced by the angel to his parents; the personal name of Our Lord, in distinction from Christ, his official appellation.
Jet	Same as 2d Get.
Jet	A variety of lignite, of a very compact texture and velvet black color, susceptible of a good polish, and often wrought into mourning jewelry, toys, buttons, etc. Formerly called also black amber.
Jet	A shooting forth; a spouting; a spurt; a sudden rush or gush, as of water from a pipe, or of flame from an orifice; also, that which issues in a jet.
Jet	Drift; scope; range, as of an argument.
Jet	The sprue of a type, which is broken from it when the type is cold.
Jetted	of Jet
Jetting	of Jet
Jet	To strut; to walk with a lofty or haughty gait; to be insolent; to obtrude.
Jet	To jerk; to jolt; to be shaken.
Jet	To shoot forward or out; to project; to jut out.
Jet	To spout; to emit in a stream or jet.
Jet-black	Black as jet; deep black.
Jets d'eau	of Jet d'eau
Jet d'eau	A stream of water spouting from a fountain or pipe (especially from one arranged to throw water upward), in a public place or in a garden, for ornament.
Jeterus	A yellowness of the parts of plants which are normally green; yellows.
Jetsam	Alt. of Jetson
Jetson	Goods which sink when cast into the sea, and remain under water; -- distinguished from flotsam, goods which float, and ligan, goods which are sunk attached to a buoy.
Jetson	Jettison. See Jettison, 1.
Jetteau	See Jet d'eau.
Jettee	See Jetty, n.
Jetter	One who struts; one who bears himself jauntily; a fop.
Jettiness	The state of being jetty; blackness.
Jettison	The throwing overboard of goods from necessity, in order to lighten a vessel in danger of wreck.
Jettison	See Jetsam, 1.
Jetton	A metal counter used in playing cards.
Jetty	Made of jet, or like jet in color.
Jetties	of Jetty
Jetty	A part of a building that jets or projects beyond the rest, and overhangs the wall below.
Jetty	A wharf or pier extending from the shore.
Jetty	A structure of wood or stone extended into the sea to influence the current or tide, or to protect a harbor; a mole; as, the Eads system of jetties at the mouth of the Mississippi River.
Jetty	To jut out; to project.
Jeu d'esprit	A witticism.
Jew	Originally, one belonging to the tribe or kingdom of Judah; after the return from the Babylonish captivity, any member of the new state; a Hebrew; an Israelite.
Jewbush	A euphorbiaceous shrub of the genus Pedilanthus (P. tithymaloides), found in the West Indies, and possessing powerful emetic and drastic qualities.
Jewel	An ornament of dress usually made of a precious metal, and having enamel or precious stones as a part of its design.
Jewel	A precious stone; a gem.
Jewel	An object regarded with special affection; a precious thing.
Jewel	A bearing for a pivot a pivot in a watch, formed of a crystal or precious stone, as a ruby.
Jeweled	of Jewel
Jewelled	of Jewel
Jeweling	of Jewel
Jewelling	of Jewel
Jewel	To dress, adorn, deck, or supply with jewels, as a dress, a sword hilt, or a watch; to bespangle, as with jewels.
Jeweler	One who makes, or deals in, jewels, precious stones, and similar ornaments.
Jewellery	See Jewelry.
Jewelry	The art or trade of a jeweler.
Jewelry	Jewels, collectively; as, a bride's jewelry.
Jewelweed	See Impatiens.
Jewess	A Hebrew woman.
Jewfish	A very large serranoid fish (Promicrops itaiara) of Florida and the Gulf of Mexico. It often reaches the weight of five hundred pounds. Its color is olivaceous or yellowish, with numerous brown spots. Called also guasa, and warsaw.
Jewfish	A similar gigantic fish (Stereolepis gigas) of Southern California, valued as a food fish.
Jewfish	The black grouper of Florida and Texas.
Jewfish	A large herringlike fish; the tarpum.
Jewise	Same as Juise.
Jewish	Of or pertaining to the Jews or Hebrews; characteristic of or resembling the Jews or their customs; Israelitish.
Jewry	Judea; also, a district inhabited by Jews; a Jews' quarter.
Jew's-ear	A species of fungus (Hirneola Auricula-Judae, / Auricula), bearing some resemblance to the human ear.
Jew's-harp	An instrument of music, which, when placed between the teeth, gives, by means of a bent metal tongue struck by the finger, a sound which is modulated by the breath; -- called also Jew's-trump.
Jew's-harp	The shackle for joining a chain cable to an anchor.
Jew's-stone	Alt. of Jewstone
Jewstone	A large clavate spine of a fossil sea urchin.
Jezebel	A bold, vicious woman; a termagant.
Jharal	A wild goat (Capra Jemlaica) which inhabits the loftiest mountains of India. It has long, coarse hair, forming a thick mane on its head and neck.
Jib	A triangular sail set upon a stay or halyard extending from the foremast or fore-topmast to the bowsprit or the jib boom. Large vessels often carry several jibe; as, inner jib; outer jib; flying jib; etc.
Jib	The projecting arm of a crane, from which the load is suspended.
Jib	To move restively backward or sidewise, -- said of a horse; to balk.
Jibber	A horse that jibs.
Jibed	of Jibe
Jibing	of Jibe
Jibe	To shift, as the boom of a fore-and-aft sail, from one side of a vessel to the other when the wind is aft or on the quarter. See Gybe.
Jibe	To change a ship's course so as to cause a shifting of the boom. See Jibe, v. t., and Gybe.
Jibe	To agree; to harmonize.
Jiffy	A moment; an instant; as, I will be ready in a jiffy.
Jig	A light, brisk musical movement.
Jig	A light, humorous piece of writing, esp. in rhyme; a farce in verse; a ballad.
Jig	A piece of sport; a trick; a prank.
Jig	A trolling bait, consisting of a bright spoon and a hook attached.
Jig	A small machine or handy tool
Jig	A contrivance fastened to or inclosing a piece of work, and having hard steel surfaces to guide a tool, as a drill, or to form a shield or templet to work to, as in filing.
Jig	An apparatus or a machine for jigging ore.
Jigged	of Jig
Jigging	of Jig
Jig	To sing to the tune of a jig.
Jig	To trick or cheat; to cajole; to delude.
Jig	To sort or separate, as ore in a jigger or sieve. See Jigging, n.
Jig	To cut or form, as a piece of metal, in a jigging machine.
Jig	To dance a jig; to skip about.
Jigger	A species of flea (Sarcopsylla, / Pulex, penetrans), which burrows beneath the skin. See Chigoe.
Jigger	One who, or that which, jigs; specifically, a miner who sorts or cleans ore by the process of jigging; also, the sieve used in jigging.
Jigger	A horizontal table carrying a revolving mold, on which earthen vessels are shaped by rapid motion; a potter's wheel.
Jigger	A templet or tool by which vessels are shaped on a potter's wheel.
Jigger	A light tackle, consisting of a double and single block and the fall, used for various purposes, as to increase the purchase on a topsail sheet in hauling it home; the watch tackle.
Jigger	A small fishing vessel, rigged like a yawl.
Jigger	A supplementary sail. See Dandy, n., 2 (b).
Jigger	A pendulum rolling machine for slicking or graining leather; same as Jack, 4 (i).
Jigging	The act or using a jig; the act of separating ore with a jigger, or wire-bottomed sieve, which is moved up and down in water.
Jiggish	Resembling, or suitable for, a jig, or lively movement.
Jiggish	Playful; frisky.
Jiggle	To wriggle or frisk about; to move awkwardly; to shake up and down.
Jigjog	A jolting motion; a jogging pace.
Jigjog	Having a jolting motion.
Jill	A young woman; a sweetheart. See Gill.
Jill-flirt	A light, giddy, or wanton girl or woman. See Gill-flirt.
Jilt	A woman who capriciously deceives her lover; a coquette; a flirt.
Jilted	of Jilt
Jilting	of Jilt
Jilt	To cast off capriciously or unfeeling, as a lover; to deceive in love.
Jilt	To play the jilt; to practice deception in love; to discard lovers capriciously.
Jimcrack	See Gimcrack.
Jim-crow	A machine for bending or straightening rails.
Jim-crow	A planing machine with a reversing tool, to plane both ways.
Jimmies	of Jimmy
Jimmy	A short crowbar used by burglars in breaking open doors.
Jimp	Neat; handsome; elegant. See Gimp.
Jimson weed	See Jamestown weed.
Jin	Alt. of Jinn
Jinn	See Jinnee.
Jingal	A small portable piece of ordnance, mounted on a swivel.
Jingle	To sound with a fine, sharp, rattling, clinking, or tinkling sound; as, sleigh bells jingle.
Jingle	To rhyme or sound with a jingling effect.
Jingled	of Jingle
Jingling	of Jingle
Jingle	To cause to give a sharp metallic sound as a little bell, or as coins shaken together; to tinkle.
Jingle	A rattling, clinking, or tinkling sound, as of little bells or pieces of metal.
Jingle	That which makes a jingling sound, as a rattle.
Jingle	A correspondence of sound in rhymes, especially when the verse has little merit; hence, the verse itself.
Jingler	One who, or that which, jingles.
Jingling	The act or process of producing a jingle; also, the sound itself; a chink.
Jinglingly	So as to jingle.
Jingoes	of Jingo
Jingo	A word used as a jocular oath.
Jingo	A statesman who pursues, or who favors, aggressive, domineering policy in foreign affairs.
Jingoism	The policy of the Jingoes, so called. See Jingo, 2.
Jinn	of Jinnee
Jinnee	A genius or demon; one of the fabled genii, good and evil spirits, supposed to be the children of fire, and to have the power of assuming various forms.
Jinny road	An inclined road in a coal mine, on which loaded cars descend by gravity, drawing up empty ones.
Jinrikisha	A small, two-wheeled, hooded vehicle drawn by one more men.
Jippo	A waistcoat or kind of stays for women.
Joes	of Jo
Jo	A sweetheart; a darling.
Job	A sudden thrust or stab; a jab.
Job	A piece of chance or occasional work; any definite work undertaken in gross for a fixed price; as, he did the job for a thousand dollars.
Job	A public transaction done for private profit; something performed ostensibly as a part of official duty, but really for private gain; a corrupt official business.
Job	Any affair or event which affects one, whether fortunately or unfortunately.
Job	A situation or opportunity of work; as, he lost his job.
Jobbed	of Job
Jobbing	of Job
Job	To strike or stab with a pointed instrument.
Job	To thrust in, as a pointed instrument.
Job	To do or cause to be done by separate portions or lots; to sublet (work); as, to job a contract.
Job	To buy and sell, as a broker; to purchase of importers or manufacturers for the purpose of selling to retailers; as, to job goods.
Job	To hire or let by the job or for a period of service; as, to job a carriage.
Job	To do chance work for hire; to work by the piece; to do petty work.
Job	To seek private gain under pretense of public service; to turn public matters to private advantage.
Job	To carry on the business of a jobber in merchandise or stocks.
Job	The hero of the book of that name in the Old Testament; the typical patient man.
Jobation	A scolding; a hand, tedious reproof.
Jobber	One who works by the job.
Jobber	A dealer in the public stocks or funds; a stockjobber.
Jobber	One who buys goods from importers, wholesalers, or manufacturers, and sells to retailers.
Jobber	One who turns official or public business to private advantage; hence, one who performs low or mercenary work in office, politics, or intrigue.
Jobbernowl	A blockhead.
Jobbery	The act or practice of jobbing.
Jobbery	Underhand management; official corruption; as, municipal jobbery.
Jobbing	Doing chance work or add jobs; as, a jobbing carpenter.
Jobbing	Using opportunities of public service for private gain; as, a jobbing politician.
Jocantry	The act or practice of jesting.
Jockeys	of Jockey
Jockey	A professional rider of horses in races.
Jockey	A dealer in horses; a horse trader.
Jockey	A cheat; one given to sharp practice in trade.
Jockeyed	of Jockey
Jockeying	of Jockey
Jockey	" To jostle by riding against one."
Jockey	To play the jockey toward; to cheat; to trick; to impose upon in trade; as, to jockey a customer.
Jockey	To play or act the jockey; to cheat.
Jockeying	The act or management of one who jockeys; trickery.
Jockeyism	The practice of jockeys.
Jockeyship	The art, character, or position, of a jockey; the personality of a jockey.
Jocose	Given to jokes and jesting; containing a joke, or abounding in jokes; merry; sportive; humorous.
Jocoserious	Mingling mirth and seriousness.
Jocosity	A jocose act or saying; jocoseness.
Jocular	Given to jesting; jocose; as, a jocular person.
Jocular	Sportive; merry.
Jocularity	Jesting; merriment.
Jocularly	In jest; for sport or mirth; jocosely.
Joculary	Jocular; jocose; sportive.
Joculator	A jester; a joker.
Joculatory	Droll; sportive.
Jocund	Merry; cheerful; gay; airy; lively; sportive.
Jocund	Merrily; cheerfully.
Jocundity	The state or quality of being jocund; gayety; sportiveness.
Joe	See Johannes.
Joe Miller	A jest book; a stale jest; a worn-out joke.
Joe-Pye weed	A tall composite plant of the genus Eupatorium (E. purpureum), with purplish flowers, and whorled leaves.
Jogged	of Jog
Jogging	of Jog
Jog	To push or shake with the elbow or hand; to jostle; esp., to push or touch, in order to give notice, to excite one's attention, or to warn.
Jog	To suggest to; to notify; to remind; to call the attention of; as, to jog the memory.
Jog	To cause to jog; to drive at a jog, as a horse. See Jog, v. i.
Jog	To move by jogs or small shocks, like those of a slow trot; to move slowly, leisurely, or monotonously; -- usually with on, sometimes with over.
Jog	A slight shake; a shake or push intended to give notice or awaken attention; a push; a jolt.
Jog	A rub; a slight stop; an obstruction; hence, an irregularity in motion of from; a hitch; a break in the direction of a line or the surface of a plane.
Jogger	One who jogs.
Jogging	The act of giving a jog or jogs; traveling at a jog.
Joggled	of Joggle
Joggling	of Joggle
Joggle	To shake slightly; to push suddenly but slightly, so as to cause to shake or totter; to jostle; to jog.
Joggle	To join by means of joggles, so as to prevent sliding apart; sometimes, loosely, to dowel.
Joggle	To shake or totter; to slip out of place.
Joggle	A notch or tooth in the joining surface of any piece of building material to prevent slipping; sometimes, but incorrectly, applied to a separate piece fitted into two adjacent stones, or the like.
Johannean	Of or pertaining to John, esp. to the Apostle John or his writings.
Johannes	A Portuguese gold coin of the value of eight dollars, named from the figure of King John which it bears; -- often contracted into joe; as, a joe, or a half joe.
Johannisberger	A fine white wine produced on the estate of Schloss (or Castle) Johannisberg, on the Rhine.
John	A proper name of a man.
Johnadreams	A dreamy, idle fellow.
Johnnies	of Johnny
Johnny	A familiar diminutive of John.
Johnny	A sculpin.
Johnnycake	A kind of bread made of the meal of maize (Indian corn), mixed with water or milk, etc., and baked.
Johnsonese	The literary style of Dr. Samuel Johnson, or one formed in imitation of it; an inflated, stilted, or pompous style, affecting classical words.
Johnson grass	A tall perennial grass (Sorghum Halepense), valuable in the Southern and Western States for pasture and hay. The rootstocks are large and juicy and are eagerly sought by swine. Called also Cuba grass, Means grass, Evergreen millet, and Arabian millet.
Johnsonian	Pertaining to or resembling Dr. Johnson or his style; pompous; inflated.
Johnsonianism	A manner of acting or of writing peculiar to, or characteristic of, Dr. Johnson.
John's-wort	See St. John's-wort.
Joined	of Join
Joining	of Join
Join	To bring together, literally or figuratively; to place in contact; to connect; to couple; to unite; to combine; to associate; to add; to append.
Join	To associate one's self to; to be or become connected with; to league one's self with; to unite with; as, to join a party; to join the church.
Join	To unite in marriage.
Join	To enjoin upon; to command.
Join	To accept, or engage in, as a contest; as, to join encounter, battle, issue.
Join	To be contiguous, close, or in contact; to come together; to unite; to mingle; to form a union; as, the hones of the skull join; two rivers join.
Join	The line joining two points; the point common to two intersecting lines.
Joinant	Adjoining.
Joinder	The act of joining; a putting together; conjunction.
Joinder	A joining of parties as plaintiffs or defendants in a suit.
Joinder	Acceptance of an issue tendered in law or fact.
Joinder	A joining of causes of action or defense in civil suits or criminal prosecutions.
Joiner	One who, or that which, joins.
Joiner	One whose occupation is to construct articles by joining pieces of wood; a mechanic who does the woodwork (as doors, stairs, etc.) necessary for the finishing of buildings.
Joiner	A wood-working machine, for sawing, plaining, mortising, tenoning, grooving, etc.
Joinery	The art, or trade, of a joiner; the work of a joiner.
Joinhand	Writing in which letters are joined in words; -- distinguished from writing in single letters.
Joint	The place or part where two things or parts are joined or united; the union of two or more smooth or even surfaces admitting of a close-fitting or junction; junction as, a joint between two pieces of timber; a joint in a pipe.
Joint	A joining of two things or parts so as to admit of motion; an articulation, whether movable or not; a hinge; as, the knee joint; a node or joint of a stem; a ball and socket joint.  See Articulation.
Joint	The part or space included between two joints, knots, nodes, or articulations; as, a joint of cane or of a grass stem; a joint of the leg.
Joint	Any one of the large pieces of meat, as cut into portions by the butcher for roasting.
Joint	A plane of fracture, or divisional plane, of a rock transverse to the stratification.
Joint	The space between the adjacent surfaces of two bodies joined and held together, as by means of cement, mortar, etc.; as, a thin joint.
Joint	The means whereby the meeting surfaces of pieces in a structure are secured together.
Joint	Joined; united; combined; concerted; as joint action.
Joint	Involving the united activity of two or more; done or produced by two or more working together.
Joint	United, joined, or sharing with another or with others; not solitary in interest or action; holding in common with an associate, or with associates; acting together; as, joint heir; joint creditor; joint debtor, etc.
Joint	Shared by, or affecting two or more; held in common; as, joint property; a joint bond.
Jointed	of Joint
Jointing	of Joint
Joint	To unite by a joint or joints; to fit together; to prepare so as to fit together; as, to joint boards.
Joint	To join; to connect; to unite; to combine.
Joint	To provide with a joint or joints; to articulate.
Joint	To separate the joints; of; to divide at the joint or joints; to disjoint; to cut up into joints, as meat.
Joint	To fit as if by joints; to coalesce as joints do; as, the stones joint, neatly.
Jointed	Having joints; articulated; full of nodes; knotty; as, a jointed doll; jointed structure.
Jointer	One who, or that which, joints.
Jointer	A plane for smoothing the surfaces of pieces which are to be accurately joined
Jointer	The longest plane used by a joiner.
Jointer	A long stationary plane, for plaining the edges of barrel staves.
Jointer	A bent piece of iron inserted to strengthen the joints of a wall.
Jointer	A tool for pointing the joints in brickwork.
Joint-fir	A genus (Ephedra) of leafless shrubs, with the stems conspicuously jointed; -- called also shrubby horsetail. There are about thirty species, of which two or three are found from Texas to California.
Jointing	The act or process of making a joint; also, the joints thus produced.
Jointless	Without a joint; rigid; stiff.
Jointly	In a joint manner; together; unitedly; in concert; not separately.
Jointress	A woman who has a jointure.
Jointure	A joining; a joint.
Jointure	An estate settled on a wife, which she is to enjoy after husband's decease, for her own life at least, in satisfaction of dower.
Jointured	of Jointure
Jointuring	of Jointure
Jointure	To settle a jointure upon.
Jointureless	Having no jointure.
Jointuress	See Jointress.
Jointweed	A slender, nearly leafless, American herb (Polygonum articulatum), with jointed spikes of small flowers.
Jointworm	The larva of a small, hymenopterous fly (Eurytoma hordei), which is found in gall-like swellings on the stalks of wheat, usually at or just above the first joint. In some parts of America it does great damage to the crop.
Joist	A piece of timber laid horizontally, or nearly so, to which the planks of the floor, or the laths or furring strips of a ceiling, are nailed; -- called, according to its position or use, binding joist, bridging joist, ceiling joist, trimming joist, etc. See Illust. of Double-framed floor, under Double, a.
Joisted	of Joist
Joisting	of Joist
Joist	To fit or furnish with joists.
Joke	Something said for the sake of exciting a laugh; something witty or sportive (commonly indicating more of hilarity or humor than jest); a jest; a witticism; as, to crack good-natured jokes.
Joke	Something not said seriously, or not actually meant; something done in sport.
Joked	of Joke
Joking	of Joke
Joke	To make merry with; to make jokes upon; to rally; to banter; as, to joke a comrade.
Joke	To do something for sport, or as a joke; to be merry in words or actions; to jest.
Joker	One who makes jokes or jests.
Joker	See Rest bower, under 2d Bower.
Jokingly	In a joking way; sportively.
Jole	Alt. of Joll
Joll	Same as Jowl.
Jolif	Joyful; merry; pleasant; jolly.
Jollification	A merrymaking; noisy festivity.
Jollily	In a jolly manner.
Jolloment	Jollity.
Jolliness	Jollity; noisy mirth.
Jollity	Noisy mirth; gayety; merriment; festivity; boisterous enjoyment.
Jolly	Full of life and mirth; jovial; joyous; merry; mirthful.
Jolly	Expressing mirth, or inspiring it; exciting mirth and gayety.
Jolly	Of fine appearance; handsome; excellent; lively; agreeable; pleasant.
Jolly-boat	A boat of medium size belonging to a ship.
Jollyhead	Jollity.
Jolted	of Jolt
Jolt	To shake with short, abrupt risings and fallings, as a carriage moving on rough ground; as, the coach jolts.
Jolt	To cause to shake with a sudden up and down motion, as in a carriage going over rough ground, or on a high-trotting horse; as, the horse jolts the rider; fast driving jolts the carriage and the passengers.
Jolt	A sudden shock or jerk; a jolting motion, as in a carriage moving over rough ground.
Jolter	One who, or that which, jolts.
Jolterhead	Alt. of Jolthead
Jolthead	A dunce; a blockhead.
Joltingly	In a jolting manner.
Jolty	That jolts; as, a jolty coach.
Jonah	The Hebrew prophet, who was cast overboard as one who endangered the ship; hence, any person whose presence is unpropitious.
Jonesian	Of or pertaining to Jones.
Jongleur	Alt. of Jongler
Jongler	In the Middle Ages, a court attendant or other person who, for hire, recited or sang verses, usually of his own composition. See Troubadour.
Jongler	A juggler; a conjuror. See Juggler.
Jonquil	Alt. of Jonquille
Jonquille	A bulbous plant of the genus Narcissus (N. Jonquilla), allied to the daffodil. It has long, rushlike leaves, and yellow or white fragrant flowers. The root has emetic properties. It is sometimes called the rush-leaved daffodil. See Illust. of Corona.
Joram	See Jorum.
Jordan	Alt. of Jorden
Jorden	A pot or vessel with a large neck, formerly used by physicians and alchemists.
Jorden	A chamber pot.
Jorum	A large drinking vessel; also, its contents.
Joseph	An outer garment worn in the 18th century; esp., a woman's riding habit, buttoned down the front.
Joseph's flower	A composite herb (Tragopogon pratensis), of the same genus as the salsify.
Joso	A small gudgeon.
Joss	A Chinese household divinity; a Chinese idol.
Jossa	A command to a horse, probably meaning "stand still."
Jostled	of Jostle
Jostling	of Jostle
Jostle	To run against and shake; to push out of the way; to elbow; to hustle; to disturb by crowding; to crowd against.
Jostle	To push; to crowd; to hustle.
Jostle	A conflict by collisions; a crowding or bumping together; interference.
Jostlement	Crowding; hustling.
Jot	An iota; a point; a tittle; the smallest particle.  Cf. Bit, n.
Jotted	of Jot
Jotting	of Jot
Jot	To set down; to make a brief note of; -- usually followed by down.
Jotter	One who jots down memoranda.
Jotter	A memorandum book.
Jougs	An iron collar fastened to a wall or post, formerly used in Scotland as a kind of pillory. [Written also juggs.] See Juke.
Jouissance	Jollity; merriment.
Jouk	See Juke.
Joul	See Jowl.
Joule	A unit of work which is equal to 107 units of work in the C. G. S. system of units (ergs), and is practically equivalent to the energy expended in one second by an electric current of one ampere in a resistance of one ohm. One joule is approximately equal to 0.738 foot pounds.
Jounced	of Jounce
Jouncing	of Jounce
Jounce	To jolt; to shake, especially by rough riding or by driving over obstructions.
Jounce	A jolt; a shake; a hard trot.
Journal	Daily; diurnal.
Journal	A diary; an account of daily transactions and events.
Journal	A book of accounts, in which is entered a condensed and grouped statement of the daily transactions.
Journal	A daily register of the ship's course and distance, the winds, weather, incidents of the voyage, etc.
Journal	The record of daily proceedings, kept by the clerk.
Journal	A newspaper published daily; by extension, a weekly newspaper or any periodical publication, giving an account of passing events, the proceedings and memoirs of societies, etc.
Journal	That which has occurred in a day; a day's work or travel; a day's journey.
Journal	That portion of a rotating piece, as a shaft, axle, spindle, etc., which turns in a bearing or box. See Illust. of Axle box.
Journalism	The keeping of a journal or diary.
Journalism	The periodical collection and publication of current news; the business of managing, editing, or writing for, journals or newspapers; as, political journalism.
Journalist	One who keeps a journal or diary.
Journalist	The conductor of a public journal, or one whose business it to write for a public journal; an editorial or other professional writer for a periodical.
Journalistic	Pertaining to journals or to journalists; contained in, or characteristic of, the public journals; as journalistic literature or enterprise.
Journalized	of Journalize
Journalizing	of Journalize
Journalize	To enter or record in a journal or diary.
Journalize	to conduct or contribute to a public journal; to follow the profession of a journalist.
Journeys	of Journey
Journey	The travel or work of a day.
Journey	Travel or passage from one place to another; hence, figuratively, a passage through life.
Journeyed	of Journey
Journeying	of Journey
Journey	To travel from place to place; to go from home to a distance.
Journey	To traverse; to travel over or through.
Journey-bated	Worn out with journeying.
Journeyer	One who journeys.
Journeymen	of Journeyman
Journeyman	Formerly, a man hired to work by the day; now, commonly, one who has mastered a handicraft or trade; -- distinguished from apprentice and from master workman.
Journeywork	Originally, work done by the day; work done by a journeyman at his trade.
Joust	To engage in mock combat on horseback, as two knights in the lists; to tilt.
Joust	A tilting match; a mock combat on horseback between two knights in the lists or inclosed field.
Jouster	One who jousts or tilts.
Jove	The chief divinity of the ancient Romans; Jupiter.
Jove	The planet Jupiter.
Jove	The metal tin.
Jovial	Of or pertaining to the god, or the planet, Jupiter.
Jovial	Sunny; serene.
Jovial	Gay; merry; joyous; jolly; mirth-inspiring; hilarious; characterized by mirth or jollity; as, a jovial youth; a jovial company; a jovial poem.
Jovialist	One who lives a jovial life.
Joviality	The quality or state of being jovial.
Jovially	In a jovial manner; merrily; gayly.
Jovialness	Noisy mirth; joviality.
Jovialty	Joviality.
Jovian	Of or pertaining to Jove, or Jupiter (either the deity or the planet).
Jovicentric	Revolving around the planet Jupiter; appearing as viewed from Jupiter.
Jovinianist	An adherent to the doctrines of Jovinian, a monk of the fourth century, who denied the virginity of Mary, and opposed the asceticism of his time.
Jowl	The cheek; the jaw.
Jowl	To throw, dash, or knock.
Jowler	A dog with large jowls, as the beagle.
Jowter	A mounted peddler of fish; -- called also jouster.
Joy	The passion or emotion excited by the acquisition or expectation of good; pleasurable feelings or emotions caused by success, good fortune, and the like, or by a rational prospect of possessing what we love or desire; gladness; exhilaration of spirits; delight.
Joy	That which causes joy or happiness.
Joy	The sign or exhibition of joy; gayety; mirth; merriment; festivity.
Joyed	of Joy
Joying	of Joy
Joy	To rejoice; to be glad; to delight; to exult.
Joy	To give joy to; to congratulate.
Joy	To gladden; to make joyful; to exhilarate.
Joy	To enjoy.
Joyace	Enjoyment; gayety; festivity; joyfulness.
Joyancy	Joyance.
Joyful	Full of joy; having or causing joy; very glad; as, a joyful heart.
Joyless	Not having joy; not causing joy; unenjoyable.
Joyous	Glad; gay; merry; joyful; also, affording or inspiring joy; with of before the word or words expressing the cause of joy.
Joysome	Causing joyfulness.
Jub	A vessel for holding ale or wine; a jug.
Jubae	of Juba
Juba	The mane of an animal.
Juba	A loose panicle, the axis of which falls to pieces, as in certain grasses.
Jubate	Fringed with long, pendent hair.
Jube	chancel screen or rood screen.
Jube	gallery above such a screen, from which certain parts of the service were formerly read.
Jubilant	Uttering songs of triumph; shouting with joy; triumphant; exulting.
Jubilantly	In a jubilant manner.
Jubilar	Pertaining to, or having the character of, a jubilee.
Jubilate	The third Sunday after Easter; -- so called because the introit is the 66th Psalm, which, in the Latin version, begins with the words, "Jubilate Deo."
Jubilate	A name of the 100th Psalm; -- so called from its opening word in the Latin version.
Jubilate	To exult; to rejoice.
Jubilation	A triumphant shouting; rejoicing; exultation.
Jubilee	Every fiftieth year, being the year following the completion of each seventh sabbath of years, at which time all the slaves of Hebrew blood were liberated, and all lands which had been alienated during the whole period reverted to their former owners.
Jubilee	The joyful commemoration held on the fiftieth anniversary of any event; as, the jubilee of Queen Victoria's reign; the jubilee of the American Board of Missions.
Jubilee	A church solemnity or ceremony celebrated at Rome, at stated intervals, originally of one hundred years, but latterly of twenty-five; a plenary and extraordinary indulgence grated by the sovereign pontiff to the universal church. One invariable condition of granting this indulgence is the confession of sins and receiving of the eucharist.
Jubilee	A season of general joy.
Jubilee	A state of joy or exultation.
Jucundity	Pleasantness; agreeableness. See Jocundity.
Judahite	One of the tribe of Judah; a member of the kingdom of Judah; a Jew.
Judaic	Alt. of Judaical
Judaical	Of or pertaining to the Jews.
Judaically	After the Jewish manner.
Judaism	The religious doctrines and rites of the Jews as enjoined in the laws of Moses.
Judaism	Conformity to the Jewish rites and ceremonies.
Judaist	One who believes and practices Judaism.
Judaistic	Of or pertaining to Judaism.
Judaization	The act of Judaizing; a conforming to the Jewish religion or ritual.
Judaized	of Judaize
Judaizing	of Judaize
Judaize	To conform to the doctrines, observances, or methods of the Jews; to inculcate or impose Judaism.
Judaize	To impose Jewish observances or rites upon; to convert to Judaism.
Judaizer	One who conforms to or inculcates Judaism; specifically, pl. (Ch. Hist.), those Jews who accepted Christianity but still adhered to the law of Moses and worshiped in the temple at Jerusalem.
Judas	The disciple who betrayed Christ. Hence: A treacherous person; one who betrays under the semblance of friendship.
Judas	Treacherous; betraying.
Judas-colored	Red; -- from a tradition that Judas Iscariot had red hair and beard.
Juddock	See Jacksnipe.
Judean	Of or pertaining to Judea.
Judean	A native of Judea; a Jew.
Judge	A public officer who is invested with authority to hear and determine litigated causes, and to administer justice between parties in courts held for that purpose.
Judge	One who has skill, knowledge, or experience, sufficient to decide on the merits of a question, or on the quality or value of anything; one who discerns properties or relations with skill and readiness; a connoisseur; an expert; a critic.
Judge	A person appointed to decide in a/trial of skill, speed, etc., between two or more parties; an umpire; as, a judge in a horse race.
Judge	One of supreme magistrates, with both civil and military powers, who governed Israel for more than four hundred years.
Judge	The title of the seventh book of the Old Testament; the Book of Judges.
Judged	of Judge
Judging	of Judge
Judge	To hear and determine, as in causes on trial; to decide as a judge; to give judgment; to pass sentence.
Judge	To assume the right to pass judgment on another; to sit in judgment or commendation; to criticise or pass adverse judgment upon others. See Judge, v. t., 3.
Judge	To compare facts or ideas, and perceive their relations and attributes, and thus distinguish truth from falsehood; to determine; to discern; to distinguish; to form an opinion about.
Judge	To hear and determine by authority, as a case before a court, or a controversy between two parties.
Judge	To examine and pass sentence on; to try; to doom.
Judge	To arrogate judicial authority over; to sit in judgment upon; to be censorious toward.
Judge	To determine upon or deliberation; to esteem; to think; to reckon.
Judge	To exercise the functions of a magistrate over; to govern.
Judger	One who judges.
Judgeship	The office of a judge.
Judgment	The act of judging; the operation of the mind, involving comparison and discrimination, by which a knowledge of the values and relations of thins, whether of moral qualities, intellectual concepts, logical propositions, or material facts, is obtained; as, by careful judgment he avoided the peril; by a series of wrong judgments he forfeited confidence.
Judgment	The power or faculty of performing such operations (see 1); esp., when unqualified, the faculty of judging or deciding rightly, justly, or wisely; good sense; as, a man of judgment; a politician without judgment.
Judgment	The conclusion or result of judging; an opinion; a decision.
Judgment	The act of determining, as in courts of law, what is conformable to law and justice; also, the determination, decision, or sentence of a court, or of a judge; the mandate or sentence of God as the judge of all.
Judgment	That act of the mind by which two notions or ideas which are apprehended as distinct are compared for the purpose of ascertaining their agreement or disagreement. See 1. The comparison may be threefold: (1) Of individual objects forming a concept. (2) Of concepts giving what is technically called a judgment. (3) Of two judgments giving an inference. Judgments have been further classed as analytic, synthetic, and identical.
Judgment	That power or faculty by which knowledge dependent upon comparison and discrimination is acquired. See 2.
Judgment	A calamity regarded as sent by God, by way of recompense for wrong committed; a providential punishment.
Judgment	The final award; the last sentence.
Judicable	Capable of being judged; capable of being tried or decided upon.
Judicative	Having power to judge; judicial; as, the judicative faculty.
Judicatory	Pertaining to the administration of justice; dispensing justice; judicial; as, judicatory tribunals.
Judicatory	A court of justice; a tribunal.
Judicatory	Administration of justice.
Judicature	The state or profession of those employed in the administration of justice; also, the dispensing or administration of justice.
Judicature	A court of justice; a judicatory.
Judicature	The right of judicial action; jurisdiction; extent jurisdiction of a judge or court.
Judicial	Pertaining or appropriate to courts of justice, or to a judge; practiced or conformed to in the administration of justice; sanctioned or ordered by a court; as, judicial power; judicial proceedings; a judicial sale.
Judicial	Fitted or apt for judging or deciding; as, a judicial mind.
Judicial	Belonging to the judiciary, as distinguished from legislative, administrative, or executive. See Executive.
Judicial	Judicious.
Judicially	In a judicial capacity or judicial manner.
Judiciary	Of or pertaining to courts of judicature, or legal tribunals; judicial; as, a judiciary proceeding.
Judiciary	That branch of government in which judicial power is vested; the system of courts of justice in a country; the judges, taken collectively; as, an independent judiciary; the senate committee on the judiciary.
Judicious	Of or relating to a court; judicial.
Judicious	Directed or governed by sound judgment; having sound judgment; wise; prudent; sagacious; discreet.
Judiciously	In a judicious manner; with good judgment; wisely.
Judiciousness	The quality or state of being judicious; sagacity; sound judgment.
Jug	A vessel, usually of coarse earthenware, with a swelling belly and narrow mouth, and having a handle on one side.
Jug	A pitcher; a ewer.
Jug	A prison; a jail; a lockup.
Jugged	of Jug
Jugging	of Jug
Jug	To seethe or stew, as in a jug or jar placed in boiling water; as, to jug a hare.
Jug	To commit to jail; to imprison.
Jug	To utter a sound resembling this word, as certain birds do, especially the nightingale.
Jug	To nestle or collect together in a covey; -- said of quails and partridges.
Jugal	Relating to a yoke, or to marriage.
Jugal	Pertaining to, or in the region of, the malar, or cheek bone.
Jugata	The figures of two heads on a medal or coin, either side by side or joined.
Jugated	Coupled together.
Juge	A judge.
Jugement	Judgment.
Juger	A Roman measure of land, measuring 28,800 square feet, or 240 feet in length by 120 in breadth.
Jugger	An East Indian falcon. See Lugger.
Juggernaut	One of the names under which Vishnu, in his incarnation as Krishna, is worshiped by the Hindoos.
Juggled	of Juggle
Juggling	of Juggle
Juggle	To play tricks by sleight of hand; to cause amusement and sport by tricks of skill; to conjure.
Juggle	To practice artifice or imposture.
Juggle	To deceive by trick or artifice.
Juggle	A trick by sleight of hand.
Juggle	An imposture; a deception.
Juggle	A block of timber cut to a length, either in the round or split.
Juggler	One who practices or exhibits tricks by sleight of hand; one skilled in legerdemain; a conjurer.
Juggler	A deceiver; a cheat.
Juggleress	A female juggler.
Jugglery	The art or act of a juggler; sleight of hand.
Jugglery	Trickery; imposture; as, political jugglery.
Juggling	Cheating; tricky.
Juggling	Jugglery; underhand practice.
Juggs	See Jougs.
Juglandin	An extractive matter contained in the juice of the green shucks of the walnut (Juglans regia). It is used medicinally as an alterative, and also as a black hair dye.
Juglandine	An alkaloid found in the leaves of the walnut (Juglans regia).
Juglans	A genus of valuable trees, including the true walnut of Europe, and the America black walnut, and butternut.
Juglone	A yellow crystalline substance resembling quinone, extracted from green shucks of the walnut (Juglans regia); -- called also nucin.
Jugular	Of or pertaining to the throat or neck; as, the jugular vein.
Jugular	Of or pertaining to the jugular vein; as, the jugular foramen.
Jugular	Having the ventral fins beneath the throat; -- said of certain fishes.
Jugular	One of the large veins which return the blood from the head to the heart through two chief trunks, an external and an internal, on each side of the neck; -- called also the jugular vein.
Jugular	Any fish which has the ventral fins situated forward of the pectoral fins, or beneath the throat; one of a division of fishes (Jugulares).
Jugulated	of Jugulate
Jugulating	of Jugulate
Jugulate	To cut the throat of.
Jugula	of Jugulum
Jugulum	The lower throat, or that part of the neck just above the breast.
Juga	of Jugum
Jugums	of Jugum
Jugum	One of the ridges commonly found on the fruit of umbelliferous plants.
Jugum	A pair of the opposite leaflets of a pinnate plant.
Juice	The characteristic fluid of any vegetable or animal substance; the sap or part which can be expressed from fruit, etc.; the fluid part which separates from meat in cooking.
Juice	To moisten; to wet.
Juiceless	Lacking juice; dry.
Juiciness	The state or quality of being juicy; succulence plants.
Juicy	A bounding with juice; succulent.
Juise	Judgment; justice; sentence.
Jujube	The sweet and edible drupes (fruits) of several Mediterranean and African species of small trees, of the genus Zizyphus, especially the Z. jujuba, Z. vulgaris, Z. mucronata, and Z. Lotus. The last named is thought to have furnished the lotus of the ancient Libyan Lotophagi, or lotus eaters.
Juke	To bend the neck; to bow or duck the head.
Juke	The neck of a bird.
Juke	To perch on anything, as birds do.
Julaceous	Like an ament, or bearing aments; amentaceous.
Julep	A refreshing drink flavored with aromatic herbs
Julep	a sweet, demulcent, acidulous, or mucilaginous mixture, used as a vehicle.
Julep	A beverage composed of brandy, whisky, or some other spirituous liquor, with sugar, pounded ice, and sprigs of mint; -- called also mint julep.
Julian	Relating to, or derived from, Julius Caesar.
Julienne	A kind of soup containing thin slices or shreds of carrots, onions, etc.
Juliform	Having the shape or appearance of a julus or catkin.
Juli	of Julus
Julus	A catkin or ament. See Ament.
Julies	of July
July	The seventh month of the year, containing thirty-one days.
July-flower	See Gillyflower.
Jumart	The fabled offspring of a bull and a mare.
Jumbled	of Jumble
Jumbling	of Jumble
Jumble	To mix in a confused mass; to put or throw together without order; -- often followed by together or up.
Jumble	To meet or unite in a confused way; to mix confusedly.
Jumble	A confused mixture; a mass or collection without order; as, a jumble of words.
Jumble	A small, thin, sugared cake, usually ring-shaped.
Jumblement	Confused mixture.
Jumbler	One who confuses things.
Jumblingly	In a confused manner.
Jument	A beast; especially, a beast of burden.
Jump	A kind of loose jacket for men.
Jump	A bodice worn instead of stays by women in the 18th century.
Jumped	of Jump
Jumping	of Jump
Jump	To spring free from the ground by the muscular action of the feet and legs; to project one's self through the air; to spring; to bound; to leap.
Jump	To move as if by jumping; to bounce; to jolt.
Jump	To coincide; to agree; to accord; to tally; -- followed by with.
Jump	To pass by a spring or leap; to overleap; as, to jump a stream.
Jump	To cause to jump; as, he jumped his horse across the ditch.
Jump	To expose to danger; to risk; to hazard.
Jump	To join by a butt weld.
Jump	To thicken or enlarge by endwise blows; to upset.
Jump	To bore with a jumper.
Jump	The act of jumping; a leap; a spring; a bound.
Jump	An effort; an attempt; a venture.
Jump	The space traversed by a leap.
Jump	A dislocation in a stratum; a fault.
Jump	An abrupt interruption of level in a piece of brickwork or masonry.
Jump	Nice; exact; matched; fitting; precise.
Jump	Exactly; pat.
Jumper	One who, or that which, jumps.
Jumper	A long drilling tool used by masons and quarrymen.
Jumper	A rude kind of sleigh; -- usually, a simple box on runners which are in one piece with the poles that form the thills.
Jumper	The larva of the cheese fly. See Cheese fly, under Cheese.
Jumper	A name applied in the 18th century to certain Calvinistic Methodists in Wales whose worship was characterized by violent convulsions.
Jumper	spring to impel the star wheel, also a pawl to lock fast a wheel, in a repeating timepiece.
Jumper	A loose upper garment
Jumper	A sort of blouse worn by workmen over their ordinary dress to protect it.
Jumper	A fur garment worn in Arctic journeys.
Jumping	of Jump, to leap.
Jumpweld	See Buttweld, v. t.
Juncaceous	Of. pertaining to, or resembling, a natural order of plants (Juncaceae), of which the common rush (Juncus) is the type.
Juncate	See Junket.
Juncite	A fossil rush.
Junco	Any bird of the genus Junco, which includes several species of North American finches; -- called also snowbird, or blue snowbird.
Juncous	Full of rushes: resembling rushes; juncaceous.
Junction	The act of joining, or the state of being joined; union; combination; coalition; as, the junction of two armies or detachments; the junction of paths.
Junction	The place or point of union, meeting, or junction; specifically, the place where two or more lines of railway meet or cross.
Juncture	A joining; a union; an alliance.
Juncture	The line or point at which two bodies are joined; a joint; an articulation; a seam; as, the junctures of a vessel or of the bones.
Juncture	A point of time; esp., one made critical or important by a concurrence of circumstances; hence, a crisis; an exigency.
June	The sixth month of the year, containing thirty days.
Juneating	A kind of early apple.
Juneberry	The small applelike berry of American trees of genus Amelanchier; -- also called service berry.
Juneberry	The shrub or tree which bears this fruit; -- also called shad bush, and had tree.
Jungermanniae	of Jungermannia
Jungermannia	A genus of hepatic mosses, now much circumscribed, but formerly comprising most plants of the order, which is sometimes therefore called Jungermanniaceae.
Jungle	A dense growth of brushwood, grasses, reeds, vines, etc.; an almost impenetrable thicket of trees, canes, and reedy vegetation, as in India, Africa, Australia, and Brazil.
Jungly	Consisting of jungles; abounding with jungles; of the nature of a jungle.
Junior	Less advanced in age than another; younger.
Junior	Lower in standing or in rank; later in office; as, a junior partner; junior counsel; junior captain.
Junior	Composed of juniors, whether younger or a lower standing; as, the junior class; of or pertaining to juniors or to a junior class. See Junior, n., 2.
Junior	Belonging to a younger person, or an earlier time of life.
Junior	A younger person.
Junior	Hence: One of a lower or later standing; specifically, in American colleges, one in the third year of his course, one in the fourth or final year being designated a senior; in some seminaries, one in the first year, in others, one in the second year, of a three years' course.
Juniority	The state or quality of being junior.
Juniper	Any evergreen shrub or tree, of the genus Juniperus and order Coniferae.
Juniperin	A yellow amorphous substance extracted from juniper berries.
Juniperite	One of the fossil Coniferae, evidently allied to the juniper.
Junk	A fragment of any solid substance; a thick piece. See Chunk.
Junk	Pieces of old cable or old cordage, used for making gaskets, mats, swabs, etc., and when picked to pieces, forming oakum for filling the seams of ships.
Junk	Old iron, or other metal, glass, paper, etc., bought and sold by junk dealers.
Junk	Hard salted beef supplied to ships.
Junk	A large vessel, without keel or prominent stem, and with huge masts in one piece, used by the Chinese, Japanese, Siamese, Malays, etc., in navigating their waters.
Junker	A young German noble or squire; esp., a member of the aristocratic party in Prussia.
Junkerism	The principles of the aristocratic party in Prussia.
Junket	A cheese cake; a sweetmeat; any delicate food.
Junket	A feast; an entertainment.
Junket	To feast; to banquet; to make an entertainment; -- sometimes applied opprobriously to feasting by public officers at the public cost.
Junketed	of Junket
Junketing	of Junket
Junket	To give entertainment to; to feast.
Junketing	A feast or entertainment; a revel.
Junketries	Sweetmeats.
Junos	of June
June	The sister and wife of Jupiter, the queen of heaven, and the goddess who presided over marriage. She corresponds to the Greek Hera.
June	One of the early discovered asteroids.
Juntas	of Junta
Junta	A council; a convention; a tribunal; an assembly; esp., the grand council of state in Spain.
Juntos	of Junto
Junto	A secret council to deliberate on affairs of government or politics; a number of men combined for party intrigue; a faction; a cabal; as, a junto of ministers; a junto of politicians.
Junartie	Jeopardy.
Jupati palm	A great Brazilian palm tree (Raphia taedigera), used by the natives for many purposes.
Jupe	Same as Jupon.
Jupiter	The supreme deity, king of gods and men, and reputed to be the son of Saturn and Rhea; Jove. He corresponds to the Greek Zeus.
Jupiter	One of the planets, being the brightest except Venus, and the largest of them all, its mean diameter being about 85,000 miles. It revolves about the sun in 4,332.6 days, at a mean distance of 5.2028 from the sun, the earth's mean distance being taken as unity.
Jupon	Alt. of Juppon
Juppon	A sleeveless jacket worn over the armor in the 14th century. It fitted closely, and descended below the hips.
Juppon	A petticoat.
Jura	1. A range of mountains between France and Switzerland.
Jura	The Jurassic period. See Jurassic.
Jural	Pertaining to natural or positive right.
Jural	Of or pertaining to jurisprudence.
Juramenta	of Juramentum
Juramentum	An oath.
Jurassic	Of the age of the middle Mesozoic, including, as divided in England and Europe, the Lias, Oolite, and Wealden; -- named from certain rocks of the Jura mountains.
Jurassic	The Jurassic period or formation; -- called also the Jura.
Jurat	A person under oath; specifically, an officer of the nature of an alderman, in certain municipal corporations in England.
Jurat	The memorandum or certificate at the end of an asffidavit, or a bill or answer in chancery, showing when, before whom, and (in English practice), where, it was sworn or affirmed.
Juratory	Relating to or comprising an oath; as, juratory caution.
Jura-trias	A term applied to many American Mesozoic strata, in which the characteristics of the Jurassic and Triassic periods appear to be blended.
Jurdiccion	Jurisdiction.
Jurdon	Jordan.
Jurel	A yellow carangoid fish of the Atlantic and Gulf coasts (Caranx chrysos), most abundant southward, where it is valued as a food fish; -- called also hardtail, horse crevalle, jack, buffalo jack, skipjack, yellow mackerel, and sometimes, improperly, horse mackerel. Other species of Caranx (as C. fallax) are also sometimes called jurel.
Juridic	Alt. of Juridical
Juridical	Pertaining to a judge or to jurisprudence; acting in the distribution of justice; used in courts of law; according to law; legal; as, juridical law.
Juridically	In a juridical manner.
Jurisconsult	A man learned in the civil law; an expert in juridical science; a professor of jurisprudence; a jurist.
Jurisdiction	The legal power, right, or authority of a particular court to hear and determine causes, to try criminals, or to execute justice; judicial authority over a cause or class of causes; as, certain suits or actions, or the cognizance of certain crimes, are within the jurisdiction of a particular court, that is, within the limits of its authority or commission.
Jurisdiction	The authority of a sovereign power to govern or legislate; the right of making or enforcing laws; the power or right of exercising authority.
Jurisdiction	Sphere of authority; the limits within which any particular power may be exercised, or within which a government or a court has authority.
Jurisdictional	Of or pertaining to jurisdiction; as jurisdictional rights.
Jurisdictive	Having jurisdiction.
Jurisprudence	The science of juridical law; the knowledge of the laws, customs, and rights of men in a state or community, necessary for the due administration of justice.
Jurisprudent	Understanding law; skilled in jurisprudence.
Jurisprudent	One skilled in law or jurisprudence.
Jurisprudential	Of or pertaining to jurisprudence.
Jurist	One who professes the science of law; one versed in the law, especially in the civil law; a writer on civil and international law.
Juristic	Alt. of Juristical
Juristical	Of or pertaining to a jurist, to the legal profession, or to jurisprudence.
Juror	A member of a jury; a juryman.
Juror	A member of any jury for awarding prizes, etc.
Jury	For temporary use; -- applied to a temporary contrivance.
Juries	of Jury
Jury	A body of men, usually twelve, selected according to law, impaneled and sworn to inquire into and try any matter of fact, and to render their true verdict according to the evidence legally adduced. See Grand jury under Grand, and Inquest.
Jury	A committee for determining relative merit or awarding prizes at an exhibition or competition; as, the art jury gave him the first prize.
Jurymen	of Juryman
Juryman	One who is impaneled on a jury, or who serves as a juror.
Jury-rigged	Rigged for temporary service. See Jury, a.
Jussi	A delicate fiber, produced in the Philippine Islands from an unidentified plant, of which dresses, etc., are made.
Just	Conforming or conformable to rectitude or justice; not doing wrong to any; violating no right or obligation; upright; righteous; honest; true; -- said both of persons and things.
Just	Not transgressing the requirement of truth and propriety; conformed to the truth of things, to reason, or to a proper standard; exact; normal; reasonable; regular; due; as, a just statement; a just inference.
Just	Rendering or disposed to render to each one his due; equitable; fair; impartial; as, just judge.
Just	Precisely; exactly; -- in place, time, or degree; neither more nor less than is stated.
Just	Closely; nearly; almost.
Just	Barely; merely; scarcely; only; by a very small space or time; as, he just missed the train; just too late.
Just	To joust.
Just	A joust.
Justice	The quality of being just; conformity to the principles of righteousness and rectitude in all things; strict performance of moral obligations; practical conformity to human or divine law; integrity in the dealings of men with each other; rectitude; equity; uprightness.
Justice	Conformity to truth and reality in expressing opinions and in conduct; fair representation of facts respecting merit or demerit; honesty; fidelity; impartiality; as, the justice of a description or of a judgment; historical justice.
Justice	The rendering to every one his due or right; just treatment; requital of desert; merited reward or punishment; that which is due to one's conduct or motives.
Justice	Agreeableness to right; equity; justness; as, the justice of a claim.
Justice	A person duly commissioned to hold courts, or to try and decide controversies and administer justice.
Justice	To administer justice to.
Justiceable	Liable to trial in a court of justice.
Justicehood	Justiceship.
Justicement	Administration of justice; procedure in courts of justice.
Justicer	One who administers justice; a judge.
Justiceship	The office or dignity of a justice.
Justiciable	Proper to be examined in a court of justice.
Justiciar	Same as Justiciary.
Justiciary	An old name for the judges of the higher English courts.
Justico	Alt. of Justicoat
Justicoat	Formerly, a close coat or waistcoat with sleeves.
Justifiable	Capable of being justified, or shown to be just.
Justification	The act of justifying or the state of being justified; a showing or proving to be just or conformable to law, justice, right, or duty; defense; vindication; support; as, arguments in justification of the prisoner's conduct; his disobedience admits justification.
Justification	The showing in court of a sufficient lawful reason why a party charged or accused did that for which he is called to answer.
Justification	The act of justifying, or the state of being justified, in respect to God's requirements.
Justification	Adjustment of type by spacing it so as to make it exactly fill a line, or of a cut so as to hold it in the right place; also, the leads, quads, etc., used for making such adjustment.
Justificative	Having power to justify; justificatory.
Justificator	One who justifies or vindicates; a justifier.
Justificatory	Vindicatory; defensory; justificative.
Justifier	One who justifies; one who vindicates, supports, defends, or absolves.
Justified	of Justify
Justifying	of Justify
Justify	To prove or show to be just; to vindicate; to maintain or defend as conformable to law, right, justice, propriety, or duty.
Justify	To pronounce free from guilt or blame; to declare or prove to have done that which is just, right, proper, etc.; to absolve; to exonerate; to clear.
Justify	To treat as if righteous and just; to pardon; to exculpate; to absolve.
Justify	To prove; to ratify; to confirm.
Justify	To make even or true, as lines of type, by proper spacing; to adjust, as type. See Justification, 4.
Justify	To form an even surface or true line with something else; to fit exactly.
Justify	To take oath to the ownership of property sufficient to qualify one's self as bail or surety.
Justinian	Of or pertaining to the Institutes or laws of the Roman Justinian.
Justle	To run or strike against each other; to encounter; to clash; to jostle.
Justled	of Justle
Justling	of Justle
Justle	To push; to drive; to force by running against; to jostle.
Justle	An encounter or shock; a jostle.
Justly	In a just manner; in conformity to law, justice, or propriety; by right; honestly; fairly; accurately.
Justness	The quality of being just; conformity to truth, propriety, accuracy, exactness, and the like; justice; reasonableness; fairness; equity; as, justness of proportions; the justness of a description or representation; the justness of a cause.
Jutted	of Jut
Jutting	of Jut
Jut	To shoot out or forward; to project beyond the main body; as, the jutting part of a building.
Jut	To butt.
Jut	That which projects or juts; a projection.
Jut	A shove; a push.
Jute	The coarse, strong fiber of the East Indian Corchorus olitorius, and C. capsularis; also, the plant itself. The fiber is much used for making mats, gunny cloth, cordage, hangings, paper, etc.
Jutes	Jutlanders; one of the Low German tribes, a portion of which settled in Kent, England, in the 5th century.
Jutlander	A native or inhabitant of Jutland in Denmark.
Jutlandish	Of or pertaining to Jutland, or to the people of Jutland.
Jutting	Projecting, as corbels, cornices, etc.
Jutty	A projection in a building; also, a pier or mole; a jetty.
Jutty	To project beyond.
Juvenal	A youth.
Juvenescence	A growing young.
Juvenescent	Growing or becoming young.
Juvenile	Young; youthful; as, a juvenile appearance.
Juvenile	Of or pertaining to youth; as, juvenile sports.
Juvenile	A young person or youth; -- used sportively or familiarly.
Juvenileness	The state or quality of being juvenile; juvenility.
Juvenilities	of Juvenility
Juvenility	Youthfulness; adolescence.
Juvenility	The manners or character of youth; immaturity.
Juvia	A Brazilian name for the lofty myrtaceous tree (Bertholetia excelsa) which produces the large seeds known as Brazil nuts.
Juwansa	The camel's thorn. See under Camel.
Juwise	Same as Juise.
Juxtapose	To place in juxtaposition.
Juxtaposited	of Juxtaposit
Juxtapositing	of Juxtaposit
Juxtaposit	To place in close connection or contiguity; to juxtapose.
Juxtaposition	A placing or being placed in nearness or contiguity, or side by side; as, a juxtaposition of words.
Junold	See Gimmal.
