L	L is the twelfth letter of the English alphabet, and a vocal consonant. It is usually called a semivowel or liquid. Its form and value are from the Greek, through the Latin, the form of the Greek letter being from the Phoenician, and the ultimate origin prob. Egyptian. Etymologically, it is most closely related to r and u; as in pilgrim, peregrine, couch (fr. collocare), aubura (fr. LL. alburnus).
L	As a numeral, L stands for fifty in the English, as in the Latin language.
L	An extension at right angles to the length of a main building, giving to the ground plan a form resembling the letter L; sometimes less properly applied to a narrower, or lower, extension in the direction of the length of the main building; a wing.
L	A short right-angled pipe fitting, used in connecting two pipes at right angles.
La	A syllable applied to the sixth tone of the scale in music in solmization.
La	The tone A; -- so called among the French and Italians.
La	Look; see; behold; -- sometimes followed by you.
La	An exclamation of surprise; -- commonly followed by me; as, La me!
Laas	A lace. See Lace.
Lab	To prate; to gossip; to babble; to blab.
Lab	A telltale; a prater; a blabber.
Labadist	A follower of Jean de Labadie, a religious teacher of the 17th century, who left the Roman Catholic Church and taught a kind of mysticism, and the obligation of community of property among Christians.
Labarraque's solution	An aqueous solution of hypochlorite of sodium, extensively used as a disinfectant.
Labara	of Labarum
Labarum	The standard adopted by the Emperor Constantine after his conversion to Christianity. It is described as a pike bearing a silk banner hanging from a crosspiece, and surmounted by a golden crown. It bore a monogram of the first two letters (CHR) of the name of Christ in its Greek form. Later, the name was given to various modifications of this standard.
Labdanum	See Ladanum.
Labefaction	The act of labefying or making weak; the state of being weakened; decay; ruin.
Labefy	To weaken or impair.
Label	A tassel.
Label	A slip of silk, paper, parchment, etc., affixed to anything, usually by an inscription, the contents, ownership, destination, etc.; as, the label of a bottle or a package.
Label	A slip of ribbon, parchment, etc., attached to a document to hold the appended seal; also, the seal.
Label	A writing annexed by way of addition, as a codicil added to a will.
Label	A barrulet, or, rarely, a bendlet, with pendants, or points, usually three, especially used as a mark of cadency to distinguish an eldest or only son while his father is still living.
Label	A brass rule with sights, formerly used, in connection with a circumferentor, to take altitudes.
Label	The name now generally given to the projecting molding by the sides, and over the tops, of openings in mediaeval architecture. It always has a /quare form, as in the illustration.
Label	In mediaeval art, the representation of a band or scroll containing an inscription.
Labeled	of Label
Labelled	of Label
Labeling	of Label
Labelling	of Label
Label	To affix a label to; to mark with a name, etc.; as, to label a bottle or a package.
Label	To affix in or on a label.
Labeler	One who labels.
Labella	of Labellum
Labellums	of Labellum
Labellum	The lower or apparently anterior petal of an orchidaceous flower, often of a very curious shape.
Labellum	A small appendage beneath the upper lip or labrum of certain insects.
Labent	Slipping; sliding; gliding.
Labia	See Labium.
Labial	Of or pertaining to the lips or labia; as, labial veins.
Labial	Furnished with lips; as, a labial organ pipe.
Labial	Articulated, as a consonant, mainly by the lips, as b, p, m, w.
Labial	Modified, as a vowel, by contraction of the lip opening, as / (f/d), / (/ld), etc., and as eu and u in French, and o, u in German. See Guide to Pronunciation, // 11, 178.
Labial	Of or pertaining to the labium; as, the labial palpi of insects. See Labium.
Labial	A letter or character representing an articulation or sound formed or uttered chiefly with the lips, as b, p, w.
Labial	An organ pipe that is furnished with lips; a flue pipe.
Labial	One of the scales which border the mouth of a fish or reptile.
Labialism	The quality of being labial; as, the labialism of an articulation; conversion into a labial, as of a sound which is different in another language.
Labialization	The modification of an articulation by contraction of the lip opening.
Labialize	To modify by contraction of the lip opening.
Labially	In a labial manner; with, or by means of, the lips.
Labiate	To labialize.
Labiate	Having the limb of a tubular corolla or calyx divided into two unequal parts, one projecting over the other like the lips of a mouth, as in the snapdragon, sage, and catnip.
Labiate	Belonging to a natural order of plants (Labiatae), of which the mint, sage, and catnip are examples. They are mostly aromatic herbs.
Labiate	A plant of the order Labiatae.
Labiated	Same as Labiate, a. (a).
Labiatifloral	Alt. of Labiatifloral
Labiatifloral	Having labiate flowers, as the snapdragon.
Labidometer	A forceps with a measuring attachment for ascertaining the size of the fetal head.
Labile	Liable to slip, err, fall, or apostatize.
Lability	Liability to lapse, err, or apostatize.
Labimeter	See Labidometer.
Labiodental	Formed or pronounced by the cooperation of the lips and teeth, as f and v.
Labiodental	A labiodental sound or letter.
Labionasal	Formed by the lips and the nose.
Labionasal	A labionasal sound or letter.
Labiose	Having the appearance of being labiate; -- said of certain polypetalous corollas.
Labipalpi	of Labipalpus
Labipalpus	One of the labial palpi of an insect. See Illust. under Labium.
Labia	of Labium
Labiums	of Labium
Labium	A lip, or liplike organ.
Labium	The lip of an organ pipe.
Labium	The folds of integument at the opening of the vulva.
Labium	The organ of insects which covers the mouth beneath, and serves as an under lip. It consists of the second pair of maxillae, usually closely united in the middle line, but bearing a pair of palpi in most insects. It often consists of a thin anterior part (ligula or palpiger) and a firmer posterior plate (mentum).
Labium	Inner margin of the aperture of a shell.
Lablab	an East Indian name for several twining leguminous plants related to the bean, but commonly applied to the hyacinth bean (Dolichos Lablab).
Labor	Physical toil or bodily exertion, especially when fatiguing, irksome, or unavoidable, in distinction from sportive exercise; hard, muscular effort directed to some useful end, as agriculture, manufactures, and like; servile toil; exertion; work.
Labor	Intellectual exertion; mental effort; as, the labor of compiling a history.
Labor	That which requires hard work for its accomplishment; that which demands effort.
Labor	Travail; the pangs and efforts of childbirth.
Labor	Any pang or distress.
Labor	The pitching or tossing of a vessel which results in the straining of timbers and rigging.
Labor	A measure of land in Mexico and Texas, equivalent to an area of 177/ acres.
Labored	of Labor
Laboring	of Labor
Labor	To exert muscular strength; to exert one's strength with painful effort, particularly in servile occupations; to work; to toil.
Labor	To exert one's powers of mind in the prosecution of any design; to strive; to take pains.
Labor	To be oppressed with difficulties or disease; to do one's work under conditions which make it especially hard, wearisome; to move slowly, as against opposition, or under a burden; to be burdened; -- often with under, and formerly with of.
Labor	To be in travail; to suffer the pangs of childbirth.
Labor	To pitch or roll heavily, as a ship in a turbulent sea.
Labor	To work at; to work; to till; to cultivate by toil.
Labor	To form or fabricate with toil, exertion, or care.
Labor	To prosecute, or perfect, with effort; to urge stre/uously; as, to labor a point or argument.
Labor	To belabor; to beat.
Laborant	A chemist.
Laboratories	of Laboratory
Laboratory	The workroom of a chemist; also, a place devoted to experiments in any branch of natural science; as, a chemical, physical, or biological laboratory. Hence, by extension, a place where something is prepared, or some operation is performed; as, the liver is the laboratory of the bile.
Labored	Bearing marks of labor and effort; elaborately wrought; not easy or natural; as, labored poetry; a labored style.
Laboredly	In a labored manner; with labor.
Laborer	One who labors in a toilsome occupation; a person who does work that requires strength rather than skill, as distinguished from that of an artisan.
Laboring	That labors; performing labor; esp., performing coarse, heavy work, not requiring skill also, set apart for labor; as, laboring days.
Laboring	Suffering pain or grief.
Laborious	Requiring labor, perseverance, or sacrifices; toilsome; tiresome.
Laborious	Devoted to labor; diligent; industrious; as, a laborious mechanic.
Laborless	Not involving labor; not laborious; easy.
Laborous	Laborious.
Labor-saving	Saving labor; adapted to supersede or diminish the labor of men; as, labor-saving machinery.
Laborsome	Made with, or requiring, great labor, pains, or diligence.
Laborsome	Likely or inclined to roll or pitch, as a ship in a heavy sea; having a tendency to labor.
Labrador	A region of British America on the Atlantic coast, north of Newfoundland.
Labradorite	A kind of feldspar commonly showing a beautiful play of colors, and hence much used for ornamental purposes. The finest specimens come from Labrador. See Feldspar.
Labras	Lips.
Labroid	Like the genus Labrus; belonging to the family Labridae, an extensive family of marine fishes, often brilliantly colored, which are very abundant in the Indian and Pacific Oceans. The tautog and cunner are American examples.
Labrose	Having thick lips.
Labra	of Labrum
Labrums	of Labrum
Labrum	A lip or edge, as of a basin.
Labrum	An organ in insects and crustaceans covering the upper part of the mouth, and serving as an upper lip. See Illust. of Hymenoptera.
Labrum	The external margin of the aperture of a shell. See Univalve.
Labri	of Labrus
Labrus	A genus of marine fishes, including the wrasses of Europe. See Wrasse.
Laburnic	Of, pertaining to, or derived from, the laburnum.
Laburnine	A poisonous alkaloid found in the unripe seeds of the laburnum.
Laburnum	A small leguminous tree (Cytisus Laburnum), native of the Alps. The plant is reputed to be poisonous, esp. the bark and seeds. It has handsome racemes of yellow blossoms.
Labyrinth	An edifice or place full of intricate passageways which render it difficult to find the way from the interior to the entrance; as, the Egyptian and Cretan labyrinths.
Labyrinth	Any intricate or involved inclosure; especially, an ornamental maze or inclosure in a park or garden.
Labyrinth	Any object or arrangement of an intricate or involved form, or having a very complicated nature.
Labyrinth	An inextricable or bewildering difficulty.
Labyrinth	The internal ear. See Note under Ear.
Labyrinth	A series of canals through which a stream of water is directed for suspending, carrying off, and depositing at different distances, the ground ore of a metal.
Labyrinth	A pattern or design representing a maze, -- often inlaid in the tiled floor of a church, etc.
Labyrinthal	Pertaining to, or resembling, a labyrinth; intricate; labyrinthian.
Labyrinthian	Intricately winding; like a labyrinth; perplexed; labyrinthal.
Labyrinthibranch	Of or pertaining to the Labyrinthici.
Labyrinthibranch	One of the Labyrinthici.
Labyrinthic	Alt. of Labyrinthical
Labyrinthical	Like or pertaining to a labyrinth.
Labyrinthici	An order of teleostean fishes, including the Anabas, or climbing perch, and other allied fishes.
Labyrinthiform	Having the form of a labyrinth; intricate.
Labyrinthine	Pertaining to, or like, a labyrinth; labyrinthal.
Labyrinthodon	A genus of very large fossil amphibians, of the Triassic period, having bony plates on the under side of the body. It is the type of the order Labyrinthodonta. Called also Mastodonsaurus.
Labyrinthodont	Of or pertaining to the Labyrinthodonta.
Labyrinthodont	One of the Labyrinthodonta.
Labyrinthodonta	An extinct order of Amphibia, including the typical genus Labyrinthodon, and many other allied forms, from the Carboniferous, Permian, and Triassic formations. By recent writers they are divided into two or more orders. See Stegocephala.
Lac	Alt. of Lakh
Lakh	One hundred thousand; also, a vaguely great number; as, a lac of rupees.
Lac	A resinous substance produced mainly on the banyan tree, but to some extent on other trees, by the Coccus lacca, a scale-shaped insect, the female of which fixes herself on the bark, and exudes from the margin of her body this resinous substance.
Laccic	Pertaining to lac, or produced from it; as, laccic acid.
Laccin	A yellow amorphous substance obtained from lac.
Laccolite	Alt. of Laccolith
Laccolith	A mass of igneous rock intruded between sedimentary beds and resulting in a mammiform bulging of the overlying strata.
Lace	That which binds or holds, especially by being interwoven; a string, cord, or band, usually one passing through eyelet or other holes, and used in drawing and holding together parts of a garment, of a shoe, of a machine belt, etc.
Lace	A snare or gin, especially one made of interwoven cords; a net.
Lace	A fabric of fine threads of linen, silk, cotton, etc., often ornamented with figures; a delicate tissue of thread, much worn as an ornament of dress.
Lace	Spirits added to coffee or some other beverage.
Laced	of Lace
Lacing	of Lace
Lace	To fasten with a lace; to draw together with a lace passed through eyelet holes; to unite with a lace or laces, or, figuratively. with anything resembling laces.
Lace	To adorn with narrow strips or braids of some decorative material; as, cloth laced with silver.
Lace	To beat; to lash; to make stripes on.
Lace	To add spirits to (a beverage).
Lace	To be fastened with a lace, or laces; as, these boots lace.
Lace-bark	A shrub in the West Indies (Lagetta Iintearia); -- so called from the lacelike layers of its inner bark.
Laced	Fastened with a lace or laces; decorated with narrow strips or braid. See Lace, v. t.
Laced	Decorated with the fabric lace.
Lacedaemonian	Of or pertaining to Lacedaemon or Sparta, the chief city of Laconia in the Peloponnesus.
Lacedaemonian	A Spartan.
Lacemen	of Laceman
Laceman	A man who deals in lace.
Lacerable	That can be lacerated or torn.
Lacerated	of Lacerate
Lacerating	of Lacerate
Lacerate	To tear; to rend; to separate by tearing; to mangle; as, to lacerate the flesh. Hence: To afflict; to torture; as, to lacerate the heart.
Lacerate	Alt. of Lacerated
Lacerated	Rent; torn; mangled; as, a lacerated wound.
Lacerated	Jagged, or slashed irregularly, at the end, or along the edge.
Laceration	The act of lacerating.
Laceration	A breach or wound made by lacerating.
Lacerative	Lacerating, or having the power to lacerate; as, lacerative humors.
Lacert	A muscle of the human body.
Lacerta	A fathom.
Lacerta	A genus of lizards. See Lizard.
Lacerta	The Lizard, a northern constellation.
Lacertian	Like a lizard; of or pertaining to the Lacertilia.
Lacertian	One of the Lacertilia.
Lacertilia	An order of Reptilia, which includes the lizards.
Lacertilian	Same as Lacertian.
Lacertiloid	Like or belonging to the Lacertilia.
Lacertine	Lacertian.
Lacerti	of Lacertus
Lacertus	A bundle or fascicle of muscular fibers.
Lacewing	Any one of several species of neuropterous insects of the genus Chrysopa and allied genera. They have delicate, lacelike wings and brilliant eyes. Their larvae are useful in destroying aphids. Called also lace-winged fly, and goldeneyed fly.
Lace-winged	Having thin, transparent, reticulated wings; as, the lace-winged flies.
Laches	Alt. of Lache
Lache	Neglect; negligence; remissness; neglect to do a thing at the proper time; delay to assert a claim.
Lachrymable	Lamentable.
Lachrymae Christi	A rich, sweet, red Neapolitan wine.
Lachrymal	Of or pertaining to tears; as, lachrymal effusions.
Lachrymal	Pertaining to, or secreting, tears; as, the lachrymal gland.
Lachrymal	Pertaining to the lachrymal organs; as, lachrymal bone; lachrymal duct.
Lacrymal	Alt. of Lacrymal
Lacrymal	See Lachrymatory.
Lachrymary	Containing, or intended to contain, tears; lachrymal.
Lachrymate	To weep.
Lachrymation	The act of shedding tears; weeping.
ries	of Lachrymatory
Lachrymatory	A "tear-bottle;" a narrow-necked vessel found in sepulchers of the ancient Romans; -- so called from a former notion that the tears of the deceased person's friends were collected in it. Called also lachrymal or lacrymal.
Lachrymiform	Having the form of a tear; tear-shaped.
Lachrymose	Generating or shedding tears; given to shedding tears; suffused with tears; tearful.
Lacing	The act of securing, fastening, or tightening, with a lace or laces.
Lacing	A lace; specifically (Mach.), a thong of thin leather for uniting the ends of belts.
Lacing	A rope or line passing through eyelet holes in the edge of a sail or an awning to attach it to a yard, gaff, etc.
Lacing	A system of bracing bars, not crossing each other in the middle, connecting the channel bars of a compound strut.
Laciniae	of Lacinia
Lacinia	One of the narrow, jagged, irregular pieces or divisions which form a sort of fringe on the borders of the petals of some flowers.
Lacinia	A narrow, slender portion of the edge of a monophyllous calyx, or of any irregularly incised leaf.
Lacinia	The posterior, inner process of the stipes on the maxillae of insects.
Laciniate	Alt. of Laciniated
Laciniated	Fringed; having a fringed border.
Laciniated	Cut into deep, narrow, irregular lobes; slashed.
Laciniolate	Consisting of, or abounding in, very minute laciniae.
Lacinulae	of Lacinula
Lacinulas	of Lacinula
Lacinula	A diminutive lacinia.
Lack	Blame; cause of blame; fault; crime; offense.
Lack	Deficiency; want; need; destitution; failure; as, a lack of sufficient food.
Lacked	of Lack
Lacking	of Lack
Lack	To blame; to find fault with.
Lack	To be without or destitute of; to want; to need.
Lack	To be wanting; often, impersonally, with of, meaning, to be less than, short, not quite, etc.
Lack	To be in want.
Lack	Exclamation of regret or surprise.
Lackadaisical	Affectedly pensive; languidly sentimental.
Lackadaisy	An expression of languor.
Lackadaisy	Lackadaisical.
Lackaday	Alack the day; alas; -- an expression of sorrow, regret, dissatisfaction, or surprise.
Lackbrain	One who is deficient in understanding; a witless person.
Lacker	One who lacks or is in want.
Lacker	See Lacquer.
Lackeys	of Lackey
Lackey	An attending male servant; a footman; a servile follower.
Lackey	To attend as a lackey; to wait upon.
Lackeyed	of Lackey
Lackeying	of Lackey
Lackey	To act or serve as lackey; to pay servile attendance.
Lackluster	Alt. of Lacklustre
Lacklustre	A want of luster.
Lacklustre	Wanting luster or brightness.
Lacmus	See Litmus.
Laconian	Of or pertaining to Laconia, a division of ancient Greece; Spartan.
Laconian	An inhabitant of Laconia; esp., a Spartan.
Laconic	Alt. of Laconical
Laconical	Expressing much in few words, after the manner of the Laconians or Spartans; brief and pithy; brusque; epigrammatic. In this sense laconic is the usual form.
Laconical	Laconian; characteristic of, or like, the Spartans; hence, stern or severe; cruel; unflinching.
Laconic	Laconism.
Laconical	See Laconic, a.
Laconically	In a laconic manner.
LaconIcism	Same as Laconism.
Laconism	A vigorous, brief manner of expression; laconic style.
Laconism	An instance of laconic style or expression.
Laconized	of Laconize
Laconizing	of Laconize
Laconize	To imitate the manner of the Laconians, especially in brief, pithy speech, or in frugality and austerity.
Lacquer	A varnish, consisting of a solution of shell-lac in alcohol, often colored with gamboge, saffron, or the like; -- used for varnishing metals, papier-mache, and wood. The name is also given to varnishes made of other ingredients, esp. the tough, solid varnish of the Japanese, with which ornamental objects are made.
Lacquered	of Lacquer
Lacquering	of Lacquer
Lacquer	To cover with lacquer.
Lacquerer	One who lacquers, especially one who makes a business of lacquering.
Lacquering	The act or business of putting on lacquer; also, the coat of lacquer put on.
Lacrimoso	Plaintive; -- a term applied to a mournful or pathetic movement or style.
Lacrosse	A game of ball, originating among the North American Indians, now the popular field sport of Canada, and played also in England and the United States. Each player carries a long-handled racket, called a "crosse". The ball is not handled but caught with the crosse and carried on it, or tossed from it, the object being to carry it or throw it through one of the goals placed at opposite ends of the field.
Lacrymal	See Lachrymatory, n., and Lachrymal, a.
Lacrymary	Alt. of Lacrymose
Lacrytory	Alt. of Lacrymose
Lacrymose	See Lachrymary, Lachrymatory, Lachrymose.
Lactage	The produce of animals yielding milk; milk and that which is made from it.
Lactam	One of a series of anhydrides of an amido type, analogous to the lactones, as oxindol.
Lactamic	Pertaining to, or designating, an amido acid related to lactic acid, and called also amido-propionic acid.
Lactamide	An acid amide derived from lactic acid, and obtained as a white crystalline substance having a neutral reaction. It is metameric with alanine.
Lactant	Suckling; giving suck.
Lactarene	A preparation of casein from milk, used in printing calico.
Lactary	Milky; full of white juice like milk.
Lactary	a dairyhouse.
Lactate	A salt of lactic acid.
Lactation	A giving suck; the secretion and yielding of milk by the mammary gland.
Lacteal	Pertaining to, or resembling, milk; milky; as, the lacteal fluid.
Lacteal	Pertaining to, or containing, chyle; as, the lacteal vessels.
Lacteal	One of the lymphatic vessels which convey chyle from the small intestine through the mesenteric glands to the thoracic duct; a chyliferous vessel.
Lacteally	Milkily; in the manner of milk.
Lactean	Milky; consisting of, or resembling, milk.
Lactean	Lacteal; conveying chyle.
Lacteous	Milky; resembling milk.
Lacteous	Lacteal; conveying chyle; as, lacteous vessels.
Lacteously	In a lacteous manner; after the manner of milk.
Lactescence	The state or quality of producing milk, or milklike juice; resemblance to milk; a milky color.
Lactescence	The latex of certain plants. See Latex.
Lactescent	Having a milky look; becoming milky.
Lactescent	Producing milk or a milklike juice or fluid, as the milkweed. See Latex.
Lactic	Of or pertaining to milk; procured from sour milk or whey; as, lactic acid; lactic fermentation, etc.
Lactide	A white, crystalline substance, obtained from also, by extension, any similar substance.
Lactiferous	Bearing or containing milk or a milky fluid; as, the lactiferous vessels, cells, or tissue of various vascular plants.
Lactific	Alt. of Lactifical
Lactifical	Producing or yielding milk.
Lactifuge	A medicine to check the secretion of milk, or to dispel a supposed accumulation of milk in any part of the body.
Lactim	One of a series of anhydrides resembling the lactams, but of an imido type; as, isatine is a lactim.  Cf. Lactam.
Lactimide	A white, crystalline substance obtained as an anhydride of alanine, and regarded as an imido derivative of lactic acid.
Lactin	See Lactose.
Lactoabumin	The albumin present on milk, apparently identical with ordinary serum albumin. It is distinct from the casein of milk.
Lactobutyrometer	An instrument for determining the amount of butter fat contained in a given sample of milk.
Lactodensimeter	A form of hydrometer, specially graduated, for finding the density of milk, and thus discovering whether it has been mixed with water or some of the cream has been removed.
Lactometer	An instrument for estimating the purity or richness of milk, as a measuring glass, a specific gravity bulb, or other apparatus.
Lactone	One of a series of organic compounds, regarded as anhydrides of certain hydroxy acids. In general, they are colorless liquids, having a weak aromatic odor. They are so called because the typical lactone is derived from lactic acid.
Lactonic	Of, pertaining to, or derived from, lactone.
Lactonic	Pertaining to, or designating, an acid obtained by the oxidation of milk sugar (lactose).
Lactoprotein	A peculiar albuminous body considered a normal constituent of milk.
Lactory	Lactiferous.
Lactoscope	An instrument for estimating the amount of cream contained in milk by ascertaining its relative opacity.
Lactose	Sugar of milk or milk sugar; a crystalline sugar present in milk, and separable from the whey by evaporation and crystallization. It has a slightly sweet taste, is dextrorotary, and is much less soluble in water than either cane sugar or glucose. Formerly called lactin.
Lactose	See Galactose.
Lactuca	A genus of composite herbs, several of which are cultivated foe salad; lettuce.
Lactucarium	The inspissated juice of the common lettuce, sometimes used as a substitute for opium.
Lactucic	Pertaining to, or derived from, the juice of the Lactuca virosa; -- said of certain acids.
Lactucin	A white, crystalline substance, having a bitter taste and a neutral reaction, and forming one of the essential ingredients of lactucarium.
Lactucone	A white, crystalline, tasteless substance, found in the milky sap of species of Lactuca, and constituting an essential ingredient of lactucarium.
Lacturamic	Pertaining to, or designating, an organic amido acid, which is regarded as a derivative of lactic acid and urea.
Lactyl	An organic residue or radical derived from lactic acid.
Lacunae	of Lacuna
Lacunas	of Lacuna
Lacuna	A small opening; a small pit or depression; a small blank space; a gap or vacancy; a hiatus.
Lacuna	A small opening; a small depression or cavity; a space, as a vacant space between the cells of plants, or one of the spaces left among the tissues of the lower animals, which serve in place of vessels for the circulation of the body fluids, or the cavity or sac, usually of very small size, in a mucous membrane.
Lacunal	Alt. of Lacunar
Lacunar	Pertaining to, or having, lacunae; as, a lacunar circulation.
Lacunars	of Lacunar
Lacunaria	of Lacunar
Lacunar	The ceiling or under surface of any part, especially when it consists of compartments, sunk or hollowed without spaces or bands between the panels.
Lacunar	One of the sunken panels in such a ceiling.
Lacune	A lacuna.
Lacunose	Alt. of Lacunous
Lacunous	Furrowed or pitted; having shallow cavities or lacunae; as, a lacunose leaf.
Lacustral	Alt. of Lacustrine
Lacustrine	Found in, or pertaining to, lakes or ponds, or growing in them; as, lacustrine flowers.
Lacwork	Ornamentation by means of lacquer painted or carved, or simply colored, sprinkled with gold or the like; -- said especially of Oriental work of this kind.
Lad	p. p. of Lead, to guide.
Lad	A boy; a youth; a stripling.
Lad	A companion; a comrade; a mate.
Ladanum	A gum resin gathered from certain Oriental species of Cistus. It has a pungent odor and is chiefly used in making plasters, and for fumigation.
Ladde	of Lead, to guide.
Ladder	A frame usually portable, of wood, metal, or rope, for ascent and descent, consisting of two side pieces to which are fastened cross strips or rounds forming steps.
Ladder	That which resembles a ladder in form or use; hence, that by means of which one attains to eminence.
Laddie	A lad; a male sweetheart.
Laded	of Lade
Laded	of Lade
Laded	of Lade
Lading	of Lade
Lade	To load; to put a burden or freight on or in; -- generally followed by that which receives the load, as the direct object.
Lade	To throw in out. with a ladle or dipper; to dip; as, to lade water out of a tub, or into a cistern.
Lade	To transfer (the molten glass) from the pot to the forming table.
Lade	To draw water.
Lade	To admit water by leakage, as a ship, etc.
Lade	The mouth of a river.
Lade	A passage for water; a ditch or drain.
Lademan	One who leads a pack horse; a miller's servant.
Laden	Loaded; freighted; burdened; as, a laden vessel; a laden heart.
Ladied	Ladylike; not rough; gentle.
Ladies' eardrops	The small-flowered Fuchsia (F. coccinea), and other closely related species.
Ladify	To make a lady of; to make ladylike.
Ladin	A Romansch dialect spoken in some parts of Switzerland and the Tyrol.
Lading	The act of loading.
Lading	That which lades or constitutes a load or cargo; freight; burden; as, the lading of a ship.
Ladinos	of Ladino
Ladino	One of the half-breed descendants of whites and Indians; a mestizo; -- so called throughout Central America. They are usually of a yellowish orange tinge.
Ladkin	A little lad.
Ladle	A cuplike spoon, often of large size, with a long handle, used in lading or dipping.
Ladle	A vessel to carry liquid metal from the furnace to the mold.
Ladle	The float of a mill wheel; -- called also ladle board.
Ladle	An instrument for drawing the charge of a cannon.
Ladle	A ring, with a handle or handles fitted to it, for carrying shot.
Ladled	of Ladle
Ladling	of Ladle
Ladle	To take up and convey in a ladle; to dip with, or as with, a ladle; as, to ladle out soup; to ladle oatmeal into a kettle.
Ladlefuls	of Ladleful
Ladleful	A quantity sufficient to fill a ladle.
Ladrone	A robber; a pirate; hence, loosely, a rogue or rascal.
Ladies	of Lady
Lady	A woman who looks after the domestic affairs of a family; a mistress; the female head of a household.
Lady	A woman having proprietary rights or authority; mistress; -- a feminine correlative of lord.
Lady	A woman to whom the particular homage of a knight was paid; a woman to whom one is devoted or bound; a sweetheart.
Lady	A woman of social distinction or position. In England, a title prefixed to the name of any woman whose husband is not of lower rank than a baron, or whose father was a nobleman not lower than an earl. The wife of a baronet or knight has the title of Lady by courtesy, but not by right.
Lady	A woman of refined or gentle manners; a well-bred woman; -- the feminine correlative of gentleman.
Lady	A wife; -- not now in approved usage.
Lady	The triturating apparatus in the stomach of a lobster; -- so called from a fancied resemblance to a seated female figure. It consists of calcareous plates.
Lady	Belonging or becoming to a lady; ladylike.
Ladybird	Any one of numerous species of small beetles of the genus Coccinella and allied genera (family Coccinellidae); -- called also ladybug, ladyclock, lady cow, lady fly, and lady beetle. Coccinella seplempunctata in one of the common European species. See Coccinella.
Ladybug	Same as Ladybird.
Ladyclock	See Ladyrird.
Lady	The day of the annunciation of the Virgin Mary, March 25. See Annunciation.
Ladyfish	A large, handsome oceanic fish (Albula vulpes), found both in the Atlantic and Pacific oceans; -- called also bonefish, grubber, French mullet, and macabe.
Ladyfish	A labroid fish (Harpe rufa) of Florida and the West Indies.
Ladyhood	The state or quality of being a lady; the personality of a lady.
Lady-killer	A gallant who captivates the hearts of women.
Lady-killing	The art or practice of captivating the hearts of women.
Ladykin	A little lady; -- applied by the writers of Queen Elizabeth's time, in the abbreviated form Lakin, to the Virgin Mary.
Ladylike	Like a lady in appearance or manners; well-bred.
Ladylike	Becoming or suitable to a lady; as, ladylike manners.
Ladylike	Delicate; tender; feeble; effeminate.
Ladylikeness	The quality or state of being ladylike.
Ladylove	A sweetheart or mistress.
Lady's bedstraw	The common bedstraw (Galium verum); also, a slender-leaved East Indian shrub (Pharnaceum Mollugo), with white flowers in umbels.
Lady's bower	A climbing plant with fragrant blossoms (Clematis vitalba).
Lady's comb	An umbelliferous plant (Scandix Pecten-Veneris), its clusters of long slender fruits remotely resembling a comb.
Lady's cushion	An herb growing in dense tufts; the thrift (Armeria vulgaris).
Lady's finger	The kidney vetch.
Lady's finger	A variety of small cake of about the dimensions of a finger.
Lady's finger	A long, slender variety of the potato.
Lady's finger	One of the branchiae of the lobster.
Lady's garters	Ribbon grass.
Lady's hair	A plant of the genus Briza (B. media); a variety of quaking grass.
Ladyship	The rank or position of a lady; -- given as a title (preceded by her or your).
Lady's laces	A slender climbing plant; dodder.
Lady's looking-glass	See Venus's looking-glass, under Venus.
Lady's mantle	A genus of rosaceous herbs (Alchemilla), esp. the European A. vulgaris, which has leaves with rounded and finely serrated lobes.
Lady's seal	The European Solomon's seal (Polygonatum verticillatum).
Lady's seal	The black bryony (Tamus communis).
Lady's slipper	Any orchidaceous plant of the genus Cypripedium, the labellum of which resembles a slipper. Less commonly, in the United States, the garden balsam (Impatiens Balsamina).
Lady's smock	A plant of the genus Cardamine (C. pratensis); cuckoo flower.
Lady's thimble	The harebell.
Lady's thumb	An annual weed (Polygonum Persicaria), having a lanceolate leaf with a dark spot in the middle.
Lady's traces	Alt. of Ladies' tresses
Ladies' tresses	A name given to several species of the orchidaceous genus Spiranthes, in which the white flowers are set in spirals about a slender axis and remotely resemble braided hair.
Laelaps	A genus of huge, carnivorous, dinosaurian reptiles from the Cretaceous formation of the United States. They had very large hind legs and tail, and are supposed to have been bipedal. Some of the species were about eighteen feet high.
Laemmergeyer	See Lammergeir.
Laemodipod	One of the Laemodipoda.
Laemodipoda	A division of amphipod Crustacea, in which the abdomen is small or rudimentary and the legs are often reduced to five pairs. The whale louse, or Cyamus, and Caprella are examples.
Laemodipodous	Of or pertaining to the Laemodipoda.
Laetere Sunday	The fourth Sunday of Lent; -- so named from the Latin word Laetare (rejoice), the first word in the antiphone of the introit sung that day in the Roman Catholic service.
Laevigate	Having a smooth surface, as if polished.
Laevo-	A prefix. See Levo.
Laevorotatory	Same as Levorotatory.  Cf. Dextrorotatory.
Laevulose	See Levulose.
Lafayette	The dollar fish.
Lafayette	A market fish, the goody, or spot (Liostomus xanthurus), of the southern coast of the United States.
Laft	p. p. of Leave.
Lafte	imp. of Leave.
Lag	Coming tardily after or behind; slow; tardy.
Lag	Last; long-delayed; -- obsolete, except in the phrase lag end.
Lag	Last made; hence, made of refuse; inferior.
Lag	One who lags; that which comes in last.
Lag	The fag-end; the rump; hence, the lowest class.
Lag	The amount of retardation of anything, as of a valve in a steam engine, in opening or closing.
Lag	A stave of a cask, drum, etc.; especially (Mach.), one of the narrow boards or staves forming the covering of a cylindrical object, as a boiler, or the cylinder of a carding machine or a steam engine.
Lag	See Graylag.
Lagged	of Lag
Lagging	of Lag
Lag	To walk or more slowly; to stay or fall behind; to linger or loiter.
Lag	To cause to lag; to slacken.
Lag	To cover, as the cylinder of a steam engine, with lags. See Lag, n., 4.
Lag	One transported for a crime.
Lag	To transport for crime.
Lagan	See Ligan.
Lagarto	An alligator.
Lagenae	of Lagena
Lagenas	of Lagena
Lagena	The terminal part of the cochlea in birds and most reptiles; an appendage of the sacculus, corresponding to the cochlea, in fishes and amphibians.
Lagenian	Like, or pertaining to, Lagena, a genus of Foraminifera having a straight, chambered shell.
Lageniform	Shaped like a bottle or flask; flag-shaped.
Lager	Lager beer.
Lager beer	Originally a German beer, but now also made in immense quantities in the United States; -- so called from its being laid up or stored for some months before use.
Lager wine	Wine which has been kept for some time in the cellar.
Laggard	Slow; sluggish; backward.
Laggard	One who lags; a loiterer.
Lagger	A laggard.
Lagging	The clothing (esp., an outer, wooden covering), as of a steam cylinder, applied to prevent the radiation of heat; a covering of lags; -- called also deading and cleading.
Lagging	Lags, collectively; narrow planks extending from one rib to another in the centering of arches.
Laggingly	In a lagging manner; loiteringly.
Lagly	Laggingly.
Lagomorph	One of the Lagomorpha.
Lagemorpha	A group of rodents, including the hares. They have four incisors in the upper jaw. Called also Duplicidentata.
Lagoon	A shallow sound, channel, pond, or lake, especially one into which the sea flows; as, the lagoons of Venice.
Lagoon	A lake in a coral island, often occupying a large portion of its area, and usually communicating with the sea. See Atoll.
Lagophthalmia	Alt. of Lagophthalmos
Lagophthalmos	A morbid condition in which the eye stands wide open, giving a peculiar staring appearance.
Lagopous	Having a dense covering of long hair, like the foot of a hare.
Lagune	See Lagoon.
Laic	Alt. of Laical
Laical	Of or pertaining to a layman or the laity.
Laic	A layman.
Laicality	The state or quality of being laic; the state or condition of a layman.
Laically	As a layman; after the manner of a layman; as, to treat a matter laically.
Laid	of Lay.
Laidly	Ugly; loathsome.
Lain	of Lie, v. i.
Lainere	See Lanier.
Lair	A place in which to lie or rest; especially, the bed or couch of a wild beast.
Lair	A burying place.
Lair	A pasture; sometimes, food.
Laird	A lord; a landholder, esp. one who holds land directly of the crown.
Lairdship	The state of being a laird; an estate; landed property.
Laism	See Lamaism.
Laissez faire	Noninterference; -- an axiom of some political economists, deprecating interference of government by attempts to foster or regulate commerce, manufactures, etc., by bounty or by restriction; as, the doctrine of laissez faire; the laissez faire system government.
Laity	The people, as distinguished from the clergy; the body of the people not in orders.
Laity	The state of a layman.
Laity	Those who are not of a certain profession, as law or medicine, in distinction from those belonging to it.
Lakao	Sap green.
Lake	A pigment formed by combining some coloring matter, usually by precipitation, with a metallic oxide or earth, esp. with aluminium hydrate; as, madder lake; Florentine lake; yellow lake, etc.
Lake	A kind of fine white linen, formerly in use.
Lake	To play; to sport.
Lake	A large body of water contained in a depression of the earth's surface, and supplied from the drainage of a more or less extended area.
Lake-dweller	See Lake dwellers, under Lake.
Lakelet	A little lake.
Lakeweed	The water pepper (Polygonum Hydropiper), an aquatic plant of Europe and North America.
Lakh	Same as Lac, one hundred thousand.
Lakin	See Ladykin.
Lakke	See Lack.
Laky	Pertaining to a lake.
Laky	Transparent; -- said of blood rendered transparent by the action of some solvent agent on the red blood corpuscles.
Lallation	An imperfect enunciation of the letter r, in which it sounds like l.
Lalo	The powdered leaves of the baobab tree, used by the Africans to mix in their soup, as the southern negroes use powdered sassafras.  Cf. Couscous.
Lammed	of Lam
Lamming	of Lam
Lam	To beat soundly; to thrash.
Lama	See Llama.
Lama	In Thibet, Mongolia, etc., a priest or monk of the belief called Lamaism.
Lamaic	Of or pertaining to Lamaism.
Lamaism	A modified form of Buddhism which prevails in Thibet, Mongolia, and some adjacent parts of Asia; -- so called from the name of its priests. See 2d Lama.
Lamaist	Alt. of Lamaite
Lamaite	One who believes in Lamaism.
Lamaistic	Of or pertaining to Lamaism.
Lamantin	The manatee.
Lamarckian	Pertaining to, or involved in, the doctrines of Lamarckianism.
Lamarckianism	Lamarckism.
Lamarckism	The theory that structural variations, characteristic of species and genera, are produced in animals and plants by the direct influence of physical environments, and esp., in the case of animals, by effort, or by use or disuse of certain organs.
Lamasery	A monastery or convent of lamas, in Thibet, Mongolia, etc.
Lamb	The young of the sheep.
Lamb	Any person who is as innocent or gentle as a lamb.
Lamb	A simple, unsophisticated person; in the cant of the Stock Exchange, one who ignorantly speculates and is victimized.
Lambed	of Lamb
Lambing	of Lamb
Lamb	To bring forth a lamb or lambs, as sheep.
Lambale	A feast at the time of shearing lambs.
Lambaste	To beat severely.
Lambative	Taken by licking with the tongue.
Lambative	A medicine taken by licking with the tongue; a lincture.
Lambda	The name of the Greek letter /, /, corresponding with the English letter L, l.
Lambda	The point of junction of the sagittal and lambdoid sutures of the skull.
Lambdacism	A fault in speaking or in composition, which consists in too frequent use of the letter l, or in doubling it erroneously.
Lambdacism	A defect in pronunciation of the letter l when doubled, which consists in giving it a sound as if followed by y, similar to that of the letters lli in billion.
Lambdacism	The use of the sound of l for that of r in pronunciation; lallation; as, Amelican for American.
Lambdoid	Shaped like the Greek letter lambda (/); as, the lambdoid suture between the occipital and parietal bones of the skull.
Lambdoidal	Same as Lambdoid.
Lambent	Playing on the surface; touching lightly; gliding over.
Lambent	Twinkling or gleaming; fickering.
Lambert pine	The gigantic sugar pine of California and Oregon (Pinus Lambertiana). It has the leaves in fives, and cones a foot long. The timber is soft, and like that of the white pine of the Eastern States.
Lambkin	A small lamb.
Lamblike	Like a lamb; gentle; meek; inoffensive.
Lamboys	Same as Base, n., 19.
Lambrequin	A kind of pendent scarf or covering attached to the helmet, to protect it from wet or heat.
Lambrequin	A leather flap hanging from a cuirass.
Lambrequin	A piece of ornament drapery or short decorative hanging, pendent from a shelf or from the casing above a window, hiding the curtain fixtures, or the like.
Lambskin	The skin of a lamb; especially, a skin dressed with the wool on, and used as a mat. Also used adjectively.
Lambskin	A kind of woolen.
Lambskinnet	See Lansquenet.
Lamb's-quarters	A name given to several plants of the Goosefoot family, sometimes used as pot herbs, as Chenopodium album and Atriplex patulsa.
Lamdoidal	Lambdoid.
Lame	Moving with pain or difficulty on account of injury, defect, or temporary obstruction of a function; as, a lame leg, arm, or muscle.
Lame	To some degree disabled by reason of the imperfect action of a limb; crippled; as, a lame man.
Lame	Hence, hobbling; limping; inefficient; imperfect.
Lamed	of Lame
Laming	of Lame
Lame	To make lame.
Lamel	See Lamella.
Lamellae	of Lamella
Lamellas	of Lamella
Lamella	a thin plate or scale of anything, as a thin scale growing from the petals of certain flowers; or one of the thin plates or scales of which certain shells are composed.
Lamellar	Flat and thin; lamelliform; composed of lamellae.
Lamellarly	In thin plates or scales.
Lamellary	Of or pertaining to lamella or to lamellae; lamellar.
Lamellate	Alt. of Lamellated
Lamellated	Composed of, or furnished with, thin plates or scales. See Illust. of Antennae.
Lamellibranch	One of the Lamellibranchia. Also used adjectively.
Lamellibranchia	Alt. of Lamellibranchiata
Lamellibranchiata	A class of Mollusca including all those that have bivalve shells, as the clams, oysters, mussels, etc.
Lamellibranchiate	Having lamellar gills; belonging to the Lamellibranchia.
Lamellibranchiate	One of the Lamellibranchia.
Lamellicorn	Having antennae terminating in a group of flat lamellae; -- said of certain coleopterous insects.
Lamellicorn	Terminating in a group of flat lamellae; -- said of antennae.
Lamellicorn	A lamellicorn insect.
Lamellicornia	A group of lamellicorn, plant-eating beetles; -- called also Lamellicornes.
Lamelliferous	Bearing, or composed of, lamellae, or thin layers, plates, or scales; foliated.
Lamelliform	Thin and flat; scalelike; lamellar.
Lamellirostral	Having a lamellate bill, as ducks and geese.
Lamellirostres	A group of birds embracing the Anseres and flamingoes, in which the bill is lamellate.
Lamellose	Composed of, or having, lamellae; lamelliform.
Lamely	An a lame, crippled, disabled, or imperfect manner; as, to walk lamely; a figure lamely drawn.
Lameness	The condition or quality of being lame; as, the lameness of an excuse or an argument.
Lament	To express or feel sorrow; to weep or wail; to mourn.
Lamented	of Lament
Lamenting	of Lament
Lament	To mourn for; to bemoan; to bewail.
Lament	Grief or sorrow expressed in complaints or cries; lamentation; a wailing; a moaning; a weeping.
Lament	An elegy or mournful ballad, or the like.
Lamentable	Mourning; sorrowful; expressing grief; as, a lamentable countenance.
Lamentable	Fitted to awaken lament; to be lamented; sorrowful; pitiable; as, a lamentable misfortune, or error.
Lamentable	Miserable; pitiful; paltry; -- in a contemptuous or ridiculous sense.
Lamentation	The act of bewailing; audible expression of sorrow; wailing; moaning.
Lamentation	A book of the Old Testament attributed to the prophet Jeremiah, and taking its name from the nature of its contents.
Lamented	Mourned for; bewailed.
Lamenter	One who laments.
Lamentin	See Lamantin.
Lamenting	Lamentation.
Lamentingly	In a lamenting manner.
Lames	Small steel plates combined together so as to slide one upon the other and form a piece of armor.
Lametta	Foil or wire made of gold, silver, or brass.
Lamia	A monster capable of assuming a woman's form, who was said to devour human beings or suck their blood; a vampire; a sorceress; a witch.
Laminae	of Lamina
Laminas	of Lamina
Lamina	A thin plate or scale; a layer or coat lying over another; -- said of thin plates or platelike substances, as of bone or minerals.
Lamina	The blade of a leaf; the broad, expanded portion of a petal or sepal of a flower.
Lamina	A thin plate or scale; specif., one of the thin, flat processes composing the vane of a feather.
Laminability	The quality or state of being laminable.
Laminable	Capable of being split into laminae or thin plates, as mica; capable of being extended under pressure into a thin plate or strip.
Laminar	Alt. of Laminal
Laminal	In, or consisting of, thin plates or layers; having the form of a thin plate or lamina.
Laminaria	A genus of great seaweeds with long and broad fronds; kelp, or devil's apron. The fronds commonly grow in clusters, and are sometimes from thirty to fifty feet in length. See Illust. of Kelp.
Laminarian	Pertaining to seaweeds of the genus Laminaria, or to that zone of the sea (from two to ten fathoms in depth) where the seaweeds of this genus grow.
Laminarite	A broad-leafed fossil alga.
Laminary	Laminar.
Laminate	Consisting of, or covered with, laminae, or thin plates, scales, or layers, one over another; laminated.
Laminated	of Laminate
Laminating	of Laminate
Laminate	To cause to separate into thin plates or layers; to divide into thin plates.
Laminate	To form, as metal, into a thin plate, as by rolling.
Laminate	To separate into laminae.
Laminated	Laminate.
Laminating	Forming, or separating into, scales or thin layers.
Lamination	The process of laminating, or the state of being laminated.
Laminiferous	Having a structure consisting of laminae, or thin layers.
Laminiplantar	Having the tarsus covered behind with a horny sheath continuous on both sides, as in most singing birds, except the larks.
Laminitis	Inflammation of the laminae or fleshy plates along the coffin bone of a horse; founder.
Lamish	Somewhat lame.
Lamm	See Lam.
Lammas	The first day of August; -- called also Lammas day, and Lammastide.
Lammergeir	Alt. of Lammergeier
Lammergeier	A very large vulture (Gypaetus barbatus), which inhabits the mountains of Southern Europe, Asia, and Northern Africa. When full-grown it is nine or ten feet in extent of wings. It is brownish black above, with the under parts and neck rusty yellow; the forehead and crown white; the sides of the head and beard black. It feeds partly on carrion and partly on small animals, which it kills. It has the habit of carrying tortoises and marrow bones to a great height, and dropping them on stones to obtain the contents, and is therefore called bonebreaker and ossifrage. It is supposed to be the ossifrage of the Bible. Called also bearded vulture and bearded eagle.
Lamnunguia	Same as Hyracoidea.
Lamp	A thin plate or lamina.
Lamp	A light-producing vessel, instrument or apparatus; especially, a vessel with a wick used for the combustion of oil or other inflammable liquid, for the purpose of producing artificial light.
Lamp	Figuratively, anything which enlightens intellectually or morally; anything regarded metaphorically a performing the uses of a lamp.
Lamp	A device or mechanism for producing light by electricity. See Incandescent lamp, under Incandescent.
Lampad	A lamp or candlestick.
Lampadist	One who gained the prize in the lampadrome.
Lampadrome	A race run by young men with lighted torches in their hands. He who reached the goal first, with his torch unextinguished, gained the prize.
Lampas	An inflammation and swelling of the soft parts of the roof of the mouth immediately behind the fore teeth in the horse; -- called also lampers.
Lampate	A supposed salt of lampic acid.
Lampblack	The fine impalpable soot obtained from the smoke of carbonaceous substances which have been only partly burnt, as in the flame of a smoking lamp. It consists of finely divided carbon, with sometimes a very small proportion of various impurities. It is used as an ingredient of printers' ink, and various black pigments and cements.
Lamper eel	See Lamprey.
Lampern	The river lamprey (Ammocoetes, / Lampetra, fluviatilis).
Lampers	See Lampas.
Lampic	Pertaining to, or produced by, a lamp; -- formerly said of a supposed acid.
Lamping	Shining; brilliant.
Lampless	Being without a lamp, or without light; hence, being without appreciation; dull.
Lamplight	Light from a lamp.
Lamplighter	One who, or that which, lights a lamp; esp., a person who lights street lamps.
Lamplighter	The calico bass.
Lampoon	A personal satire in writing; usually, malicious and abusive censure written only to reproach and distress.
Lampooned	of Lampoon
Lampooning	of Lampoon
Lampoon	To subject to abusive ridicule expressed in writing; to make the subject of a lampoon.
Lampooner	The writer of a lampoon.
Lampoonry	The act of lampooning; a lampoon, or lampoons.
Lamp-post	A post (generally a pillar of iron) supporting a lamp or lantern for lighting a street, park, etc.
Lamprel	See Lamprey.
Lampreys	of Lamprey
Lamprey	An eel-like marsipobranch of the genus Petromyzon, and allied genera. The lampreys have a round, sucking mouth, without jaws, but set with numerous minute teeth, and one to three larger teeth on the palate (see Illust. of Cyclostomi). There are seven small branchial openings on each side.
Lampron	See Lamprey.
Lampyrine	An insect of the genus Lampyris, or family Lampyridae. See Lampyris.
Lampyris	A genus of coleopterous insects, including the glowworms.
Lanarkite	A mineral consisting of sulphate of lead, occurring either massive or in long slender prisms, of a greenish white or gray color.
Lanary	A place for storing wool.
Lanate	Alt. of Lanated
Lanated	Wooly; covered with fine long hair, or hairlike filaments.
Lacashire boiler	A steam boiler having two flues which contain the furnaces and extend through the boiler from end to end.
Lacasterian	Of or pertaining to the monitorial system of instruction followed by Joseph Lancaster, of England, in which advanced pupils in a school teach pupils below them.
Lance	A weapon of war, consisting of a long shaft or handle and a steel blade or head; a spear carried by horsemen, and often decorated with a small flag; also, a spear or harpoon used by whalers and fishermen.
Lance	A soldier armed with a lance; a lancer.
Lance	A small iron rod which suspends the core of the mold in casting a shell.
Lance	An instrument which conveys the charge of a piece of ordnance and forces it home.
Lance	One of the small paper cases filled with combustible composition, which mark the outlines of a figure.
Lanced	of Lance
Lancing	of Lance
Lance	To pierce with a lance, or with any similar weapon.
Lance	To open with a lancet; to pierce; as, to lance a vein or an abscess.
Lance	To throw in the manner of a lance. See Lanch.
Lance fish	A slender marine fish of the genus Ammodytes, especially Ammodytes tobianus of the English coast; -- called also sand lance.
Lancegay	Alt. of Lancegaye
Lancegaye	A kind of spear anciently used. Its use was prohibited by a statute of Richard II.
Lancelet	A small fishlike animal (Amphioxus lanceolatus), remarkable for the rudimentary condition of its organs. It is the type of the class Leptocardia. See Amphioxus, Leptocardia.
Lancely	Like a lance.
Lanceolar	Lanceolate.
Lanceolate	Alt. of Lanceolated
Lanceolated	Rather narrow, tapering to a point at the apex, and sometimes at the base also; as, a lanceolate leaf.
Lancepesade	An assistant to a corporal; a private performing the duties of a corporal; -- called also lance corporal.
Lancer	One who lances; one who carries a lance; especially, a member of a mounted body of men armed with lances, attached to the cavalry service of some nations.
Lancer	A lancet.
Lancer	A set of quadrilles of a certain arrangement.
Lancet	A surgical instrument of various forms, commonly sharp-pointed and two-edged, used in venesection, and in opening abscesses, etc.
Lancet	An iron bar used for tapping a melting furnace.
Lancewood	A tough, elastic wood, often used for the shafts of gigs, archery bows, fishing rods, and the like. Also, the tree which produces this wood, Duguetia Quitarensis (a native of Guiana and Cuba), and several other trees of the same family (Anonaseae).
Lanched	of Lanch
Lanching	of Lanch
Lanch	To throw, as a lance; to let fly; to launch.
Lanciferous	Bearing a lance.
Lanciform	Having the form of a lance.
Lancinated	of Lanciname
Lancinating	of Lanciname
Lanciname	To tear; to lacerate; to pierce or stab.
Lancinating	Piercing; seeming to pierce or stab; as, lancinating pains (i.e., severe, darting pains).
Lancination	A tearing; laceration.
Land	Urine. See Lant.
Land	The solid part of the surface of the earth; -- opposed to water as constituting a part of such surface, especially to oceans and seas; as, to sight land after a long voyage.
Land	Any portion, large or small, of the surface of the earth, considered by itself, or as belonging to an individual or a people, as a country, estate, farm, or tract.
Land	Ground, in respect to its nature or quality; soil; as, wet land; good or bad land.
Land	The inhabitants of a nation or people.
Land	The mainland, in distinction from islands.
Land	The ground or floor.
Land	The ground left unplowed between furrows; any one of several portions into which a field is divided for convenience in plowing.
Land	Any ground, soil, or earth whatsoever, as meadows, pastures, woods, etc., and everything annexed to it, whether by nature, as trees, water, etc., or by the hand of man, as buildings, fences, etc.; real estate.
Land	The lap of the strakes in a clinker-built boat; the lap of plates in an iron vessel; -- called also landing.
Land	In any surface prepared with indentations, perforations, or grooves, that part of the surface which is not so treated, as the level part of a millstone between the furrows, or the surface of the bore of a rifled gun between the grooves.
Landed	of Land
Landing	of Land
Land	To set or put on shore from a ship or other water craft; to disembark; to debark.
Land	To catch and bring to shore; to capture; as, to land a fish.
Land	To set down after conveying; to cause to fall, alight, or reach; to bring to the end of a course; as, he landed the quoit near the stake; to be thrown from a horse and landed in the mud; to land one in difficulties or mistakes.
Land	To go on shore from a ship or boat; to disembark; to come to the end of a course.
Landamman	A chief magistrate in some of the Swiss cantons.
Landamman	The president of the diet of the Helvetic republic.
Landau	A four-wheeled covered vehicle, the top of which is divided into two sections which can be let down, or thrown back, in such a manner as to make an open carriage.
Landaulet	A small landau.
Landed	Having an estate in land.
Landed	Consisting in real estate or land; as, landed property; landed security.
Lander	One who lands, or makes a landing.
Lander	A person who waits at the mouth of the shaft to receive the kibble of ore.
Landfall	A sudden transference of property in land by the death of its owner.
Landfall	Sighting or making land when at sea.
Landflood	An overflowing of land by river; an inundation; a freshet.
Landgrave	A German nobleman of a rank corresponding to that of an earl in England and of a count in France.
Landgraviate	The territory held by a landgrave.
Landgraviate	The office, jurisdiction, or authority of a landgrave.
Landgravine	The wife of a landgrave.
Landholder	A holder, owner, or proprietor of land.
Landing	Of, pertaining to or used for, setting, bringing, or going, on shore.
Landing	A going or bringing on shore.
Landing	A place for landing, as from a ship, a carriage. etc.
Landing	The level part of a staircase, at the top of a flight of stairs, or connecting one flight with another.
Landladies	of Landlady
Landlady	A woman having real estate which she leases to a tenant or tenants.
Landlady	The mistress of an inn or lodging house.
Landleaper	See Landlouper.
Landless	Having no property in land.
Landlock	To inclose, or nearly inclose, as a harbor or a vessel, with land.
Landlocked	Inclosed, or nearly inclosed, by land.
Landlocked	Confined to a fresh-water lake by reason of waterfalls or dams; -- said of fishes that would naturally seek the sea, after spawning; as, the landlocked salmon.
Landloper	Same as Landlouper.
Landlord	The lord of a manor, or of land; the owner of land or houses which he leases to a tenant or tenants.
Landlord	The master of an inn or of a lodging house.
Landlordism	The state of being a landlord; the characteristics of a landlord; specifically, in Great Britain, the relation of landlords to tenants, especially as regards leased agricultural lands.
Landlordry	The state of a landlord.
Landlouper	A vagabond; a vagrant.
Landlouping	Vagrant; wandering about.
Landlubber	One who passes his life on land; -- so called among seamen in contempt or ridicule.
Landmen	of Landman
Landman	A man who lives or serves on land; -- opposed to seaman.
Landman	An occupier of land.
Landmark	A mark to designate the boundary of land; any , mark or fixed object (as a marked tree, a stone, a ditch, or a heap of stones) by which the limits of a farm, a town, or other portion of territory may be known and preserved.
Landmark	Any conspicuous object on land that serves as a guide; some prominent object, as a hill or steeple.
Landowner	An owner of land.
Landowning	The owning of land.
Landowning	Having property in land; of or pertaining to landowners.
Land-poor	Pecuniarily embarrassed through owning much unprofitable land.
Landreeve	A subordinate officer on an extensive estate, who acts as an assistant to the steward.
Landscape	A portion of land or territory which the eye can comprehend in a single view, including all the objects it contains.
Landscape	A picture representing a scene by land or sea, actual or fancied, the chief subject being the general aspect of nature, as fields, hills, forests, water. etc.
Landscape	The pictorial aspect of a country.
Landscapist	A painter of landscapes.
Landskip	A landscape.
Landslip	Alt. of Landslide
Landslide	The slipping down of a mass of land from a mountain, hill, etc.
Landslide	The land which slips down.
Landsmen	of Landsman
Landsman	One who lives on the land; -- opposed to seaman.
Landsman	A sailor on his first voyage.
Landstreight	A narrow strip of land.
Landsturm	That part of the reserve force in Germany which is called out last.
Landtag	The diet or legislative body; as, the Landtag of Prussia.
Landwaiter	See Landing waiter, under Landing, a.
Landward	Toward the land.
Landwehr	That part of the army, in Germany and Austria, which has completed the usual military service and is exempt from duty in time of peace, except that it is called out occasionally for drill.
Lane	Alone.
Lane	A passageway between fences or hedges which is not traveled as a highroad; an alley between buildings; a narrow way among trees, rocks, and other natural obstructions; hence, in a general sense, a narrow passageway; as, a lane between lines of men, or through a field of ice.
Lang	Long.
Langaha	A curious colubriform snake of the genus Xyphorhynchus, from Madagascar. It is brownish red, and its nose is prolonged in the form of a sharp blade.
Langarey	One of numerous species of long-winged, shrikelike birds of Australia and the East Indies, of the genus Artamus, and allied genera; called also wood swallow.
Langate	A linen roller used in dressing wounds.
Langdak	A wolf (Canis pallipes), found in India, allied to the jackal.
Langrage	Alt. of Langrel
Langrel	A kind of shot formerly used at sea for tearing sails and rigging. It consisted of bolts, nails, and other pieces of iron fastened together or inclosed in a canister.
Langret	A kind of loaded die.
Langridge	See Langrage.
Langsyne	Long since; long ago.
Langteraloo	An old game at cards. See Loo (a).
Language	Any means of conveying or communicating ideas; specifically, human speech; the expression of ideas by the voice; sounds, expressive of thought, articulated by the organs of the throat and mouth.
Language	The expression of ideas by writing, or any other instrumentality.
Language	The forms of speech, or the methods of expressing ideas, peculiar to a particular nation.
Language	The characteristic mode of arranging words, peculiar to an individual speaker or writer; manner of expression; style.
Language	The inarticulate sounds by which animals inferior to man express their feelings or their wants.
Language	The suggestion, by objects, actions, or conditions, of ideas associated therewith; as, the language of flowers.
Language	The vocabulary and phraseology belonging to an art or department of knowledge; as, medical language; the language of chemistry or theology.
Language	A race, as distinguished by its speech.
Languaged	of Language
Languaging	of Language
Language	To communicate by language; to express in language.
Languaged	Having a language; skilled in language; -- chiefly used in composition.
Languageless	Lacking or wanting language; speechless; silent.
Langued	Tongued; having the tongue visible.
Langue d'oc	The dialect, closely akin to French, formerly spoken south of the Loire (in which the word for "yes" was oc); Provencal.
Langue d'oil	The dialect formerly spoken north of the Loire (in which the word for "yes" was oil, F. oui).
Languente	In a languishing manner; pathetically.
Languet	Anything resembling the tongue in form or office; specif., the slip of metal in an organ pipe which turns the current of air toward its mouth.
Languet	That part of the hilt, in certain kinds of swords, which overlaps the scabbard.
Languid	Drooping or flagging from exhaustion; indisposed to exertion; without animation; weak; weary; heavy; dull.
Languid	Slow in progress; tardy.
Languid	Promoting or indicating weakness or heaviness; as, a languid day.
Languished	of Languish
Languishing	of Languish
Languish	To become languid or weak; to lose strength or animation; to be or become dull, feeble or spiritless; to pine away; to wither or fade.
Languish	To assume an expression of weariness or tender grief, appealing for sympathy.
Languish	To cause to droop or pine.
Languish	See Languishiment.
Languisher	One who languishes.
Languishing	Becoming languid and weak; pining; losing health and strength.
Languishing	Amorously pensive; as, languishing eyes, or look.
Languishingly	In a languishing manner.
Languishment	The state of languishing.
Languishment	Tenderness of look or mien; amorous pensiveness.
Languishness	Languishment.
Languor	A state of the body or mind which is caused by exhaustion of strength and characterized by a languid feeling; feebleness; lassitude; laxity.
Languor	Any enfeebling disease.
Languor	Listless indolence; dreaminess. Pope.
Languorous	Producing, or tending to produce, languor; characterized by languor.
Langure	To languish.
Langya	One of several species of East Indian and Asiatic fresh-water fishes of the genus Ophiocephalus, remarkable for their power of living out of water, and for their tenacity of life; -- called also walking fishes.
Laniard	See Lanyard.
Laniariform	Shaped like a laniary, or canine, tooth.
Laniary	Lacerating or tearing; as, the laniary canine teeth.
Laniary	The shambles; a place of slaughter.
Laniary	A laniary, or canine, tooth.
Laniate	To tear in pieces.
Laniation	A tearing in pieces.
Lanier	A thong of leather; a whip lash.
Lanier	A strap used to fasten together parts of armor, to hold the shield by, and the like.
Laniferous	Bearing or producing wool.
Lanifical	Working in wool.
Lanifice	Anything made of wool.
Lanigerous	Bearing or producing wool.
Lanioid	Of or pertaining to the shrikes (family Laniidae).
Lank	Slender and thin; not well filled out; not plump; shrunken; lean.
Lank	Languid; drooping.
Lank	To become lank; to make lank.
Lankiness	The condition or quality or being lanky.
Lankly	In a lank manner.
Lankness	The state or quality of being lank.
Lanky	Somewhat lank.
Lanner	Alt. of Lanneret
Lanneret	A long-tailed falcon (Falco lanarius), of Southern Europe, Asia, and Northern Africa, resembling the American prairie falcon.
Lanolin	A peculiar fatlike body, made up of cholesterin and certain fatty acids, found in feathers, hair, wool, and keratin tissues generally.
Lanseh	The small, whitish brown fruit of an East Indian tree (Lansium domesticum). It has a fleshy pulp, with an agreeable subacid taste.
Lansquenet	A German foot soldier in foreign service in the 15th and 16th centuries; a soldier of fortune; -- a term used in France and Western Europe.
Lansquenet	A game at cards, vulgarly called lambskinnet.
Lant	Urine.
Lant	Any one of several species of small, slender, marine fishes of the genus Ammedytes. The common European species (A. tobianus) and the American species (A. Americanus) live on sandy shores, buried in the sand, and are caught in large quantities for bait. Called also launce, and sand eel.
Lant	See Lanterloo.
Lantanium	Alt. of Lantanum
Lantanum	See Lanthanum.
Lantanuric	Pertaining to, or designating, a nitrogenous organic acid of the uric acid group, obtained by the decomposition of allantoin, and usually called allanturic acid.
Lanterloo	An old name of loo (a).
Lantern	Something inclosing a light, and protecting it from wind, rain, etc. ; -- sometimes portable, as a closed vessel or case of horn, perforated tin, glass, oiled paper, or other material, having a lamp or candle within; sometimes fixed, as the glazed inclosure of a street light, or of a lighthouse light.
Lantern	An open structure of light material set upon a roof, to give light and air to the interior.
Lantern	A cage or open chamber of rich architecture, open below into the building or tower which it crowns.
Lantern	A smaller and secondary cupola crowning a larger one, for ornament, or to admit light; such as the lantern of the cupola of the Capitol at Washington, or that of the Florence cathedral.
Lantern	A lantern pinion or trundle wheel. See Lantern pinion (below).
Lantern	A kind of cage inserted in a stuffing box and surrounding a piston rod, to separate the packing into two parts and form a chamber between for the reception of steam, etc. ; -- called also lantern brass.
Lantern	A perforated barrel to form a core upon.
Lantern	See Aristotle's lantern.
Lanterned	of Lantern
Lanterning	of Lantern
Lantern	To furnish with a lantern; as, to lantern a lighthouse.
Lantern-jawed	Having lantern jaws or long, thin jaws; as, a lantern-jawed person.
Lanthanite	Hydrous carbonate of lanthanum, found in tabular while crystals.
Lanthanum	A rare element of the group of the earth metals, allied to aluminium. It occurs in certain rare minerals, as cerite, gadolinite, orthite, etc., and was so named from the difficulty of separating it from cerium, didymium, and other rare elements with which it is usually associated. Atomic weight 138.5. Symbol La.
Lanthopine	An alkaloid found in opium in small quantities, and extracted as a white crystalline substance.
Lanthorn	See Lantern.
Lanuginose	Alt. of Lanuginous
Lanuginous	Covered with down, or fine soft hair; downy.
Lanugo	The soft woolly hair which covers most parts of the mammal fetus, and in man is shed before or soon after birth.
Lanyard	A short piece of rope or line for fastening something in ships; as, the lanyards of the gun ports, of the buoy, and the like; esp., pieces passing through the dead-eyes, and used to extend shrouds, stays, etc.
Lanyard	A strong cord, about twelve feet long, with an iron hook at one end a handle at the other, used in firing cannon with a friction tube.
Lanyer	See Lanier.
Laocoon	A priest of Apollo, during the Trojan war. (See 2.)
Laocoon	A marble group in the Vatican at Rome, representing the priest Laocoon, with his sons, infolded in the coils of two serpents, as described by Virgil.
Laodicean	Of or pertaining to Laodicea, a city in Phrygia Major; like the Christians of Laodicea; lukewarm in religion.
Lap	The loose part of a coat; the lower part of a garment that plays loosely; a skirt; an apron.
Lap	An edge; a border; a hem, as of cloth.
Lap	The part of the clothing that lies on the knees or thighs when one sits down; that part of the person thus covered; figuratively, a place of rearing and fostering; as, to be reared in the lap of luxury.
Lap	That part of any substance or fixture which extends over, or lies upon, or by the side of, a part of another; as, the lap of a board; also, the measure of such extension over or upon another thing.
Lap	The amount by which a slide valve at its half stroke overlaps a port in the seat, being equal to the distance the valve must move from its mid stroke position in order to begin to open the port. Used alone, lap refers to outside lap. See Outside lap (below).
Lap	The state or condition of being in part extended over or by the side of something else; or the extent of the overlapping; as, the second boat got a lap of half its length on the leader.
Lap	One circuit around a race track, esp. when the distance is a small fraction of a mile; as, to run twenty laps; to win by three laps. See Lap, to fold, 2.
Lap	In card playing and other games, the points won in excess of the number necessary to complete a game; -- so called when they are counted in the score of the following game.
Lap	A sheet, layer, or bat, of cotton fiber prepared for the carding machine.
Lap	A piece of brass, lead, or other soft metal, used to hold a cutting or polishing powder in cutting glass, gems, and the like, or in polishing cutlery, etc. It is usually in the form of wheel or disk, which revolves on a vertical axis.
Lapped	of Lap
Lapping	of Lap
Lap	To rest or recline in a lap, or as in a lap.
Lap	To cut or polish with a lap, as glass, gems, cutlery, etc. See 1st Lap, 10.
Lap	To fold; to bend and lay over or on something; as, to lap a piece of cloth.
Lap	To wrap or wind around something.
Lap	To infold; to hold as in one's lap; to cherish.
Lap	To lay or place over anything so as to partly or wholly cover it; as, to lap one shingle over another; to lay together one partly over another; as, to lap weather-boards; also, to be partly over, or by the side of (something); as, the hinder boat lapped the foremost one.
Lap	To lay together one over another, as fleeces or slivers for further working.
Lap	To be turned or folded; to lie partly upon or by the side of something, or of one another; as, the cloth laps back; the boats lap; the edges lap.
Lap	To take up drink or food with the tongue; to drink or feed by licking up something.
Lap	To make a sound like that produced by taking up drink with the tongue.
Lap	To take into the mouth with the tongue; to lick up with a quick motion of the tongue.
Lap	The act of lapping with, or as with, the tongue; as, to take anything into the mouth with a lap.
Lap	The sound of lapping.
Laparocele	A rupture or hernia in the lumbar regions.
Laparotomy	A cutting through the walls of the abdomen, as in the Caesarean section.
Lapboard	A board used on the lap as a substitute for a table, as by tailors.
Lapdog	A small dog fondled in the lap.
Lapel	That part of a garment which is turned back; specifically, the lap, or fold, of the front of a coat in continuation of collar.
Lapelled	Furnished with lapels.
Lapfuls	of Lapful
Lapful	As much as the lap can contain.
Lapicide	A stonecutter.
Lapidarian	Of or pertaining to stone; inscribed on stone; as, a lapidarian record.
Lapidarious	Consisting of stones.
Lapidaries	of Lapidary
Lapidary	An artificer who cuts, polishes, and engraves precious stones; hence, a dealer in precious stones.
Lapidary	A virtuoso skilled in gems or precious stones; a connoisseur of lapidary work.
Lapidary	Of or pertaining to the art of cutting stones, or engraving on stones, either gems or monuments; as, lapidary ornamentation.
Lapidary	Of or pertaining to monumental inscriptions; as, lapidary adulation.
Lapidate	To stone.
Lapidation	The act of stoning.
Lapideous	Of the nature of stone.
Lapidescence	The state or quality of being lapidescent.
Lapidescence	A hardening into a stone substance.
Lapidescence	A stony concretion.
Lapidescent	Undergoing the process of becoming stone; having the capacity of being converted into stone; having the quality of petrifying bodies.
Lapidescent	Any substance which has the quality of petrifying other bodies, or of converting or being converted into stone.
Lapidific	Alt. of Lapidifical
Lapidifical	Forming or converting into stone.
Lapidification	The act or process of lapidifying; fossilization; petrifaction.
Lapidified	of Lapidify
Lapidifying	of Lapidify
Lapidify	To convert into stone or stony material; to petrify.
Lapidify	To become stone or stony.
Lapidist	A lapidary.
Lapillation	The state of being, or the act of making, stony.
Lapilli	Volcanic ashes, consisting of small, angular, stony fragments or particles.
Lapides	of Lapis
Lapis	A stone.
Lapis lazuli	An albuminous mineral of a rich blue color. Same as Lazuli, which see.
Lap-jointed	Having a lap joint, or lap joints, as many kinds of woodwork and metal work.
Laplander	A native or inhabitant of Lapland; -- called also Lapp.
Laplandish	Of or pertaining to Lapland.
Lapling	One who has been fondled to excess; one fond of ease and sensual delights; -- a term of contempt.
Lapp	Same as Laplander.  Cf. Lapps.
Lappaceous	Resembling the capitulum of burdock; covered with forked points.
Lapper	One who takes up food or liquid with his tongue.
Lappet	A small decorative fold or flap, esp, of lace or muslin, in a garment or headdress.
Lappeted	of Lappet
Lappeting	of Lappet
Lappet	To decorate with, or as with, a lappet.
Lappic	Of or pertaining to Lapland, or the Lapps.
Lappic	The language of the Lapps. See Lappish.
Lapping	A kind of machine blanket or wrapping material used by calico printers.
Lappish	Of or pertaining to the Lapps; Laplandish.
Lappish	The language spoken by the Lapps in Lapland. It is related to the Finnish and Hungarian, and is not an Aryan language.
Lapponian	Alt. of Lapponic
Lapponic	Laplandish; Lappish.
Lapps	A branch of the Mongolian race, now living in the northern parts of Norway, Sweden, and the adjacent parts of Russia.
Lapsable	Lapsible.
Lapse	A gliding, slipping, or gradual falling; an unobserved or imperceptible progress or passing away,; -- restricted usually to immaterial things, or to figurative uses.
Lapse	A slip; an error; a fault; a failing in duty; a slight deviation from truth or rectitude.
Lapse	The termination of a right or privilege through neglect to exercise it within the limited time, or through failure of some contingency; hence, the devolution of a right or privilege.
Lapse	A fall or apostasy.
Lapsed	of Lapse
Lapsing	of Lapse
Lapse	To pass slowly and smoothly downward, backward, or away; to slip downward, backward, or away; to glide; -- mostly restricted to figurative uses.
Lapse	To slide or slip in moral conduct; to fail in duty; to fall from virtue; to deviate from rectitude; to commit a fault by inadvertence or mistake.
Lapse	To fall or pass from one proprietor to another, or from the original destination, by the omission, negligence, or failure of some one, as a patron, a legatee, etc.
Lapse	To become ineffectual or void; to fall.
Lapse	To let slip; to permit to devolve on another; to allow to pass.
Lapse	To surprise in a fault or error; hence, to surprise or catch, as an offender.
Lapsed	Having slipped downward, backward, or away; having lost position, privilege, etc., by neglect; -- restricted to figurative uses.
Lapsed	Ineffectual, void, or forfeited; as, a lapsed policy of insurance; a lapsed legacy.
Lapsible	Liable to lapse.
Lapsided	See Lopsided.
Lapstone	A stone for the lap, on which shoemakers beat leather.
Lapstreak	Alt. of Lapstrake
Lapstrake	Made with boards whose edges lap one over another; clinker-built; -- said of boats.
Laputan	Of or pertaining to Laputa, an imaginary flying island described in Gulliver's Travels as the home of chimerical philosophers. Hence, fanciful; preposterous; absurd in science or philosophy.
Lap-welded	Having edges or ends united by a lap weld; as, a lap-welded pipe.
Lapwing	A small European bird of the Plover family (Vanellus cristatus, or V. vanellus). It has long and broad wings, and is noted for its rapid, irregular fight, upwards, downwards, and in circles. Its back is coppery or greenish bronze. Its eggs are the "plover's eggs" of the London market, esteemed a delicacy. It is called also peewit, dastard plover, and wype. The gray lapwing is the Squatarola cinerea.
Lapwork	Work in which one part laps over another.
Laguay	A lackey.
Laquearia	of Laquear
Laquear	A lacunar.
Laqueary	Using a noose, as a gladiator.
Lares	of Lar
Lars	of Lar
Lar	A tutelary deity; a deceased ancestor regarded as a protector of the family. The domestic Lares were the tutelar deities of a house; household gods. Hence, Eng.: Hearth or dwelling house.
Lar	A species of gibbon (Hylobates lar), found in Burmah. Called also white-handed gibbon.
Laramie group	An extensive series of strata, principally developed in the Rocky Mountain region, as in the Laramie Mountains, and formerly supposed to be of the Tertiary age, but now generally regarded as Cretaceous, or of intermediate and transitional character. It contains beds of lignite, often valuable for coal, and is hence also called the lignitic group. See Chart of Geology.
Larboard	The left-hand side of a ship to one on board facing toward the bow; port; -- opposed to starboard.
Larboard	On or pertaining to the left-hand side of a vessel; port; as, the larboard quarter.
Larcener	Alt. of Larcenist
Larcenist	One who commits larceny.
Larcenous	Having the character of larceny; as, a larcenous act; committing larceny.
Larcenies	of Larceny
Larceny	The unlawful taking and carrying away of things personal with intent to deprive the right owner of the same; theft.  Cf. Embezzlement.
Larch	A genus of coniferous trees, having deciduous leaves, in fascicles (see Illust. of Fascicle).
Larchen	Of or pertaining to the larch.
Lard	Bacon; the flesh of swine.
Lard	The fat of swine, esp. the internal fat of the abdomen; also, this fat melted and strained.
Larded	of Lard
Larding	of Lard
Lard	To stuff with bacon; to dress or enrich with lard; esp., to insert lardons of bacon or pork in the surface of, before roasting; as, to lard poultry.
Lard	To fatten; to enrich.
Lard	To smear with lard or fat.
Lard	To mix or garnish with something, as by way of improvement; to interlard.
Lard	To grow fat.
Lardacein	A peculiar amyloid substance, colored blue by iodine and sulphuric acid, occurring mainly as an abnormal infiltration into the spleen, liver, etc.
Lardaceous	Consisting of, or resembling, lard.
Larder	A room or place where meat and other articles of food are kept before they are cooked.
Larderer	One in charge of the larder.
Lardery	A larder.
Lardon	Alt. of Lardoon
Lardoon	A bit of fat pork or bacon used in larding.
Lardry	A larder.
Lardy	Containing, or resembling, lard; of the character or consistency of lard.
Lare	Lore; learning.
Lare	Pasture; feed. See Lair.
Lare	To feed; to fatten.
Lares	See 1st Lar.
Large	Exceeding most other things of like kind in bulk, capacity, quantity, superficial dimensions, or number of constituent units; big; great; capacious; extensive; -- opposed to small; as, a large horse; a large house or room; a large lake or pool; a large jug or spoon; a large vineyard; a large army; a large city.
Large	Abundant; ample; as, a large supply of provisions.
Large	Full in statement; diffuse; full; profuse.
Large	Having more than usual power or capacity; having broad sympathies and generous impulses; comprehensive; -- said of the mind and heart.
Large	Free; unembarrassed.
Large	Unrestrained by decorum; -- said of language.
Large	Prodigal in expending; lavish.
Large	Crossing the line of a ship's course in a favorable direction; -- said of the wind when it is abeam, or between the beam and the quarter.
Large	Freely; licentiously.
Large	A musical note, formerly in use, equal to two longs, four breves, or eight semibreves.
Large-acred	Possessing much land.
Large-handed	Having large hands, Fig.: Taking, or giving, in large quantities; rapacious or bountiful.
Large-hearted	Having a large or generous heart or disposition; noble; liberal.
Largely	In a large manner.
Largeness	The quality or state of being large.
Largess	Alt. of Largesse
Largesse	Liberality; generosity; bounty.
Largesse	A present; a gift; a bounty bestowed.
Larget	A sport piece of bar iron for rolling into a sheet; a small billet.
Larghetto	Somewhat slow or slowly, but not so slowly as largo, and rather more so than andante.
Largifical	Generous; ample; liberal.
Largifluous	Flowing copiously.
Largiloquent	Grandiloquent.
Largish	Somewhat large.
Largition	The bestowment of a largess or gift.
Largo	Slow or slowly; -- more so than adagio; next in slowness to grave, which is also weighty and solemn.
Largo	A movement or piece in largo time.
Lariat	A long, slender rope made of hemp or strips of hide, esp. one with a noose; -- used as a lasso for catching cattle, horses, etc., and for picketing a horse so that he can graze without wandering.
Lariated	of Lariat
Lariating	of Lariat
Lariat	To secure with a lariat fastened to a stake, as a horse or mule for grazing; also, to lasso or catch with a lariat.
Larine	Of or pertaining to the Gull family (Laridae).
Larixinic	Of, or derived from, the larch (Larix); as, larixinic acid.
Lark	A frolic; a jolly time.
Larked	of Lark
Larking	of Lark
Lark	To sport; to frolic.
Lark	Any one numerous species of singing birds of the genus Alauda and allied genera (family Alaudidae). They mostly belong to Europe, Asia, and Northern Africa. In America they are represented by the shore larks, or horned by the shore larks, or horned larks, of the genus Otocoris. The true larks have holaspidean tarsi, very long hind claws, and usually, dull, sandy brown colors.
Lark	To catch larks; as, to go larking.
Lark-colored	Having the sandy brown color of the European larks.
Larker	A catcher of larks.
Larker	One who indulges in a lark or frolic.
Lark's-heel	Indian cress.
Larkspur	A genus of ranunculaceous plants (Delphinium), having showy flowers, and a spurred calyx. They are natives of the North Temperate zone. The commonest larkspur of the gardens is D. Consolida. The flower of the bee larkspur (D. elatum) has two petals bearded with yellow hairs, and looks not unlike a bee.
Larmier	See Tearpit.
Laroid	Like or belonging to the Gull family (Laridae).
Larruped	of Larrup
Larruping	of Larrup
Larrup	To beat or flog soundly.
Larry	Same as Lorry, or Lorrie.
Larum	See Alarum, and Alarm.
Larvae	of Larva
Larvas	of Larva
Larva	Any young insect from the time that it hatches from the egg until it becomes a pupa, or chrysalis. During this time it usually molts several times, and may change its form or color each time. The larvae of many insects are much like the adults in form and habits, but have no trace of wings, the rudimentary wings appearing only in the pupa stage. In other groups of insects the larvae are totally unlike the parents in structure and habits, and are called caterpillars, grubs, maggots, etc.
Larva	The early, immature form of any animal when more or less of a metamorphosis takes place, before the assumption of the mature shape.
Larval	Of or pertaining to a larva.
Larvalia	An order of Tunicata, including Appendicularia, and allied genera; -- so called because certain larval features are retained by them through life. Called also Copelata. See Appendicularia.
Larvated	Masked; clothed as with a mask.
Larves	of Larve
Larve	A larva.
Larviform	Having the form or structure of a larva.
Larviparous	Depositing living larvae, instead of eggs; -- said of certain insects.
Lary	A guillemot; -- called also lavy.
Laryngeal	Of or pertaining to the larynx; adapted to operations on the larynx; as, laryngeal forceps.
Laryngean	See Laryngeal.
Larypgismus	A spasmodic state of the glottis, giving rise to contraction or closure of the opening.
Laryngitis	Inflammation of the larynx.
Laryngological	Of or pertaining to laryngology.
Laryngologist	One who applies himself to laryngology.
Laryngology	Systematized knowledge of the action and functions of the larynx; in pathology, the department which treats of the diseases of the larynx.
Laryngophony	The sound of the voice as heard through a stethoscope when the latter is placed upon the larynx.
Larungoscope	An instrument, consisting of an arrangement of two mirrors, for reflecting light upon the larynx, and for examining its image.
Laryngoscopic	Of or pertaining to the inspection of the larynx.
Laryngoscopist	One skilled in laryngoscopy.
Laryngoscopy	The art of using the laryngoscope; investigations made with the laryngoscope.
Laryngotome	An instrument for performing laryngotomy.
Laryngotomy	The operation of cutting into the larynx, from the outside of the neck, for assisting respiration when obstructed, or for removing foreign bodies.
Laryngotracheal	Pertaining to both larynx and trachea; as, the laryngotracheal cartilage in the frog.
Laryngotracheotomy	The operation of cutting into the larynx and the upper part of the trachea, -- a frequent operation for obstruction to breathing.
Larynx	The expanded upper end of the windpipe or trachea, connected with the hyoid bone or cartilage. It contains the vocal cords, which produce the voice by their vibrations, when they are stretched and a current of air passes between them. The larynx is connected with the pharynx by an opening, the glottis, which, in mammals, is protected by a lidlike epiglottis.
Las	A lace. See Lace.
Las	Less.
Lascar	A native sailor, employed in European vessels; also, a menial employed about arsenals, camps, camps, etc.; a camp follower.
Lascious	Loose; lascivious.
Lasciviency	Lasciviousness; wantonness.
Lascivient	Lascivious.
Lascivious	Wanton; lewd; lustful; as, lascivious men; lascivious desires.
Lascivious	Tending to produce voluptuous or lewd emotions.
Laserwort	Any plant of the umbelliferous genus Laserpitium, of several species (as L. glabrum, and L. siler), the root of which yields a resinous substance of a bitter taste. The genus is mostly European.
Lash	The thong or braided cord of a whip, with which the blow is given.
Lash	A leash in which an animal is caught or held; hence, a snare.
Lash	A stroke with a whip, or anything pliant and tough; as, the culprit received thirty-nine lashes.
Lash	A stroke of satire or sarcasm; an expression or retort that cuts or gives pain; a cut.
Lash	A hair growing from the edge of the eyelid; an eyelash.
Lash	In carpet weaving, a group of strings for lifting simultaneously certain yarns, to form the figure.
Lashed	of Lash
Lashng	of Lash
Lash	To strike with a lash ; to whip or scourge with a lash, or with something like one.
Lash	To strike forcibly and quickly, as with a lash; to beat, or beat upon, with a motion like that of a lash; as, a whale lashes the sea with his tail.
Lash	To throw out with a jerk or quickly.
Lash	To scold; to berate; to satirize; to censure with severity; as, to lash vice.
Lash	To ply the whip; to strike; to utter censure or sarcastic language.
Lash	To bind with a rope, cord, thong, or chain, so as to fasten; as, to lash something to a spar; to lash a pack on a horse's back.
Lasher	One who whips or lashes.
Lasher	A piece of rope for binding or making fast one thing to another; -- called also lashing.
Lasher	A weir in a river.
Lashing	The act of one who, or that which, lashes; castigation; chastisement.
Lashing	See 2d Lasher.
Lask	A diarrhea or flux.
Lasket	latching.
Lass	A youth woman; a girl; a sweetheart.
Lasse	Less.
Lassie	A young girl; a lass.
Lassitude	A condition of the body, or mind, when its voluntary functions are performed with difficulty, and only by a strong exertion of the will; languor; debility; weariness.
Lasslorn	Forsaken by a lass.
Lassos	of Lasso
Lasso	A rope or long thong of leather with, a running noose, used for catching horses, cattle, etc.
Lassoed	of Lasso
Lassoing	of Lasso
Lasso	To catch with a lasso.
Last	of Last, to endure, contracted from lasteth.
Last	Being after all the others, similarly classed or considered, in time, place, or order of succession; following all the rest; final; hindmost; farthest; as, the last year of a century; the last man in a line of soldiers; the last page in a book; his last chance.
Last	Next before the present; as, I saw him last week.
Last	Supreme; highest in degree; utmost.
Last	Lowest in rank or degree; as, the last prize.
Last	Farthest of all from a given quality, character, or condition; most unlikely; having least fitness; as, he is the last person to be accused of theft.
Last	At a time or on an occasion which is the latest of all those spoken of or which have occurred; the last time; as, I saw him last in New York.
Last	In conclusion; finally.
Last	At a time next preceding the present time.
Lasted	of Last
Lasting	of Last
Last	To continue in time; to endure; to remain in existence.
Last	To endure use, or continue in existence, without impairment or exhaustion; as, this cloth lasts better than that; the fuel will last through the winter.
Last	A wooden block shaped like the human foot, on which boots and shoes are formed.
Last	To shape with a last; to fasten or fit to a last; to place smoothly on a last; as, to last a boot.
Last	A load; a heavy burden; hence, a certain weight or measure, generally estimated at 4,000 lbs., but varying for different articles and in different countries. In England, a last of codfish, white herrings, meal, or ashes, is twelve barrels; a last of corn, ten quarters, or eighty bushels, in some parts of England, twenty-one quarters; of gunpowder, twenty-four barrels, each containing 100 lbs; of red herrings, twenty cades, or 20,000; of hides, twelve dozen; of leather, twenty dickers; of pitch and tar, fourteen barrels; of wool, twelve sacks; of flax or feathers, 1,700 lbs.
Last	The burden of a ship; a cargo.
Lastage	A duty exacted, in some fairs or markets, for the right to carry things where one will.
Lastage	A tax on wares sold by the last.
Lastage	The lading of a ship; also, ballast.
Lastage	Room for stowing goods, as in a ship.
Laste	of Last, to endure.
Laster	A workman whose business it is to shape boots or shoes, or place leather smoothly, on lasts; a tool for stretching leather on a last.
Lastery	A red color.
Lasting	Existing or continuing a long while; enduring; as, a lasting good or evil; a lasting color.
Lasting	Continuance; endurance.
Lasting	A species of very durable woolen stuff, used for women's shoes; everlasting.
Lasting	The act or process of shaping on a last.
Lasting	In a lasting manner.
Lastly	In the last place; in conclusion.
Lastly	at last; finally.
Lat	To let; to allow.
Latakia	A superior quality of Turkish smoking tobacco, so called from the place where produced, the ancient Laodicea.
Latch	To smear; to anoint.
Latch	That which fastens or holds; a lace; a snare.
Latch	A movable piece which holds anything in place by entering a notch or cavity; specifically, the catch which holds a door or gate when closed, though it be not bolted.
Latch	A latching.
Latch	A crossbow.
Latched	of Latch
Latching	of Latch
Latch	To catch so as to hold.
Latch	To catch or fasten by means of a latch.
Latchet	The string that fastens a shoe; a shoestring.
Latching	A loop or eye formed on the head rope of a bonnet, by which it is attached to the foot of a sail; -- called also latch and lasket.
Latchkey	A key used to raise, or throw back, the latch of a door, esp. a night latch.
Latchstring	A string for raising the latch of a door by a person outside. It is fastened to the latch and passed through a hole above it in the door.
Late	Coming after the time when due, or after the usual or proper time; not early; slow; tardy; long delayed; as, a late spring.
Late	Far advanced toward the end or close; as, a late hour of the day; a late period of life.
Late	Existing or holding some position not long ago, but not now; lately deceased, departed, or gone out of office; as, the late bishop of London; the late administration.
Late	Not long past; happening not long ago; recent; as, the late rains; we have received late intelligence.
Late	Continuing or doing until an advanced hour of the night; as, late revels; a late watcher.
Late	After the usual or proper time, or the time appointed; after delay; as, he arrived late; -- opposed to early.
Late	Not long ago; lately.
Late	Far in the night, day, week, or other particular period; as, to lie abed late; to sit up late at night.
Lated	Belated; too late.
Lateen	Of or pertaining to a peculiar rig used in the Mediterranean and adjacent waters, esp. on the northern coast of Africa. See below.
Lately	Not long ago; recently; as, he has lately arrived from Italy.
Latence	Latency.
Latency	The state or quality of being latent.
Lateness	The state, condition, or quality, of being late; as, the lateness of his arrival; the lateness of the hour; the lateness of the season.
Latent	Not visible or apparent; hidden; springs of action.
Latently	In a secret or concealed manner; invisibly.
Lateres	of Later
Later	A brick or tile.
Later	Compar. of Late, a. & adv.
Laterad	Toward the side; away from the mesial plane; -- opposed to mesiad.
Lateral	Of or pertaining to the sides; as, the lateral walls of a house; the lateral branches of a tree.
Lateral	Lying at, or extending toward, the side; away from the mesial plane; external; -- opposed to mesial.
Lateral	Directed to the side; as, a lateral view of a thing.
Laterality	The state or condition of being lateral.
Laterally	By the side; sidewise; toward, or from, the side.
Lateran	The church and palace of St. John Lateran, the church being the cathedral church of Rome, and the highest in rank of all churches in the Catholic world.
Latered	Inclined to delay; dilatory.
Laterifolious	Growing from the stem by the side of a leaf; as, a laterifolious flower.
Laterite	An argillaceous sandstone, of a red color, and much seamed; -- found in India.
Lateritic	Consisting of, containing, or characterized by, laterite; as, lateritic formations.
Lateritious	Like bricks; of the color of red bricks.
Lates	A genus of large percoid fishes, of which one species (Lates Niloticus) inhabits the Nile, and another (L. calcarifer) is found in the Ganges and other Indian rivers. They are valued as food fishes.
Latescence	A slight withdrawal from view or knowledge.
Latescent	Slightly withdrawn from view or knowledge; as, a latescent meaning.
Latewake	See Lich wake, under Lich.
Lateward	Somewhat late; backward.
Latex	A milky or colored juice in certain plants in cavities (called latex cells or latex tubes). It contains the peculiar principles of the plants, whether aromatic, bitter, or acid, and in many instances yields caoutchouc upon coagulation.
Laths	of Lath
Lath	A thin, narrow strip of wood, nailed to the rafters, studs, or floor beams of a building, for the purpose of supporting the tiles, plastering, etc. A corrugated metallic strip or plate is sometimes used.
Lathed	of Lath
Lathing	of Lath
Lath	To cover or line with laths.
Lathe	Formerly, a part or division of a county among the Anglo-Saxons. At present it consists of four or five hundreds, and is confined to the county of Kent.
Lathe	A granary; a barn.
Lathe	A machine for turning, that is, for shaping articles of wood, metal, or other material, by causing them to revolve while acted upon by a cutting tool.
Lathe	The movable swing frame of a loom, carrying the reed for separating the warp threads and beating up the weft; -- called also lay and batten.
Lather	Foam or froth made by soap moistened with water.
Lather	Foam from profuse sweating, as of a horse.
Lathered	of Lather
Lathering	of Lather
Lather	To spread over with lather; as, to lather the face.
Lather	To form lather, or a froth like lather; to accumulate foam from profuse sweating, as a horse.
Lather	To beat severely with a thong, strap, or the like; to flog.
Lathereeve	Alt. of Lathreeve
Lathreeve	Formerly, the head officer of a lathe. See 1st Lathe.
Lathing	The act or process of covering with laths; laths, collectively; a covering of laths.
Lath-shaped	Having a slender elongated form, like a lath; -- said of the feldspar of certain igneous rocks, as diabase, as seen in microscopic sections.
Lathwork	Same as Lathing.
Lathy	Like a lath; long and slender.
Latian	Belonging, or relating, to Latium, a country of ancient Italy. See Latin.
Latibulized	of Latibulize
Latibulizing	of Latibulize
Latibulize	To retire into a den, or hole, and lie dormant in winter; to retreat and lie hid.
Latibula	of Latibulum
Latibulum	A concealed hiding place; a burrow; a lair; a hole.
Laticiferous	Containing the latex; -- applied to the tissue or tubular vessels in which the latex of the plant is found.
Laticlave	A broad stripe of purple on the fore part of the tunic, worn by senators in ancient Rome as an emblem of office.
Laticostate	Broad-ribbed.
Latidentate	Broad-toothed.
Latifoliate	Alt. of Latifolious
Latifolious	Having broad leaves.
Latimer	An interpreter. [Obs.] Coke.
Latin	Of or pertaining to Latium, or to the Latins, a people of Latium; Roman; as, the Latin language.
Latin	Of, pertaining to, or composed in, the language used by the Romans or Latins; as, a Latin grammar; a Latin composition or idiom.
Latin	A native or inhabitant of Latium; a Roman.
Latin	The language of the ancient Romans.
Latin	An exercise in schools, consisting in turning English into Latin.
Latin	A member of the Roman Catholic Church.
Latin	To write or speak in Latin; to turn or render into Latin.
Latinism	A Latin idiom; a mode of speech peculiar to Latin; also, a mode of speech in another language, as English, formed on a Latin model.
Latinist	One skilled in Latin; a Latin scholar.
Latinistic	Of, pertaining to, or derived from, Latin; in the Latin style or idiom.
Latinitaster	One who has but a smattering of Latin.
Latinity	The Latin tongue, style, or idiom, or the use thereof; specifically, purity of Latin style or idiom.
Latinization	The act or process of Latinizing, as a word, language, or country.
Latinized	of Latinize
Latinizing	of Latinize
Latinize	To give Latin terminations or forms to, as to foreign words, in writing Latin.
Latinize	To bring under the power or influence of the Romans or Latins; to affect with the usages of the Latins, especially in speech.
Latinize	To make like the Roman Catholic Church or diffuse its ideas in; as, to Latinize the Church of England.
Latinize	To use words or phrases borrowed from the Latin.
Latinize	To come under the influence of the Romans, or of the Roman Catholic Church.
Latinly	In the manner of the Latin language; in correct Latin.
Lation	Transportation; conveyance.
Latirostral	Alt. of Latirostrous
Latirostrous	Having a broad beak.
Latirostres	The broad-billed singing birds, such as the swallows, and their allies.
Latish	Somewhat late.
Latisternal	Having a broad breastbone, or sternum; -- said of anthropoid apes.
Latitancy	Act or state of lying hid, or lurking.
Latitant	Lying hid; concealed; latent.
Latitat	A writ based upon the presumption that the person summoned was hiding.
Latitation	A lying in concealment; hiding.
Latitude	Extent from side to side, or distance sidewise from a given point or line; breadth; width.
Latitude	Room; space; freedom from confinement or restraint; hence, looseness; laxity; independence.
Latitude	Extent or breadth of signification, application, etc.; extent of deviation from a standard, as truth, style, etc.
Latitude	Extent; size; amplitude; scope.
Latitude	Distance north or south of the equator, measured on a meridian.
Latitude	The angular distance of a heavenly body from the ecliptic.
Latitudinal	Of or pertaining to latitude; in the direction of latitude.
Latitudinarian	Not restrained; not confined by precise limits.
Latitudinarian	Indifferent to a strict application of any standard of belief or opinion; hence, deviating more or less widely from such standard; lax in doctrine; as, latitudinarian divines; latitudinarian theology.
Latitudinarian	Lax in moral or religious principles.
Latitudinarian	One who is moderate in his notions, or not restrained by precise settled limits in opinion; one who indulges freedom in thinking.
Latitudinarian	A member of the Church of England, in the time of Charles II., who adopted more liberal notions in respect to the authority, government, and doctrines of the church than generally prevailed.
Latitudinarian	One who departs in opinion from the strict principles of orthodoxy.
Latitudinarianism	A latitudinarian system or condition; freedom of opinion in matters pertaining to religious belief.
Latitudinous	Having latitude, or wide extent.
Laton	Alt. of Latoun
Latoun	Latten, 1.
Latrant	Barking.
Latrate	To bark as a dog.
Latration	A barking.
Latreutical	Acting as a hired servant; serving; ministering; assisting.
Latreutical	Of or pertaining to latria.
Latria	The highest kind of worship, or that paid to God; -- distinguished by the Roman Catholics from dulia, or the inferior worship paid to saints.
Latrine	A privy, or water-closet, esp. in a camp, hospital, etc.
Latrociny	Theft; larceny.
Latten	A kind of brass hammered into thin sheets, formerly much used for making church utensils, as candlesticks, crosses, etc.; -- called also latten brass.
Latten	Sheet tin; iron plate, covered with tin; also, any metal in thin sheets; as, gold latten.
Latter	Later; more recent; coming or happening after something else; -- opposed to former; as, the former and latter rain.
Latter	Of two things, the one mentioned second.
Latter	Recent; modern.
Latter	Last; latest; final.
Latter-day saint	A Mormon; -- the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints being the name assumed by the whole body of Mormons.
Latterkin	A pointed wooden tool used in glazing leaden lattice.
Latterly	Lately; of late; recently; at a later, as distinguished from a former, period.
Lattermath	The latter, or second, mowing; the aftermath.
Lattice	Any work of wood or metal, made by crossing laths, or thin strips, and forming a network; as, the lattice of a window; -- called also latticework.
Lattice	The representation of a piece of latticework used as a bearing, the bands being vertical and horizontal.
Latticed	of Lattice
Latticing	of Lattice
Lattice	To make a lattice of; as, to lattice timbers.
Lattice	To close, as an opening, with latticework; to furnish with a lattice; as, to lattice a window.
Latticework	Same as Lattice, n., 1.
Latticing	The act or process of making a lattice of, or of fitting a lattice to.
Latticing	A system of bars crossing in the middle to form braces between principal longitudinal members, as of a strut.
Latus rectum	The line drawn through a focus of a conic section parallel to the directrix and terminated both ways by the curve. It is the parameter of the principal axis. See Focus, and Parameter.
Laud	High commendation; praise; honor; exaltation; glory.
Laud	A part of divine worship, consisting chiefly of praise; -- usually in the pl.
Laud	Music or singing in honor of any one.
Lauded	of Laud
Lauding	of Laud
Laud	To praise in words alone, or with words and singing; to celebrate; to extol.
Laudability	Laudableness; praiseworthiness.
Laudable	Worthy of being lauded; praiseworthy; commendable; as, laudable motives; laudable actions; laudable ambition.
Laudable	Healthy; salubrious; normal; having a disposition to promote healing; not noxious; as, laudable juices of the body; laudable pus.
Laudableness	The quality of being laudable; praiseworthiness; commendableness.
Laudably	In a laudable manner.
Laudanine	A white organic base, resembling morphine, and obtained from certain varieties of opium.
Laudanum	Tincture of opium, used for various medical purposes.
Laudation	The act of lauding; praise; high commendation.
Laudative	Laudatory.
Laudative	A panegyric; a eulogy.
Laudator	One who lauds.
Laudator	An arbitrator.
Laudatory	Of or pertaining praise, or to the expression of praise; as, laudatory verses; the laudatory powers of Dryden.
Lauder	One who lauds.
Laughed	of Laugh
Laughing	of Laugh
Laugh	To show mirth, satisfaction, or derision, by peculiar movement of the muscles of the face, particularly of the mouth, causing a lighting up of the face and eyes, and usually accompanied by the emission of explosive or chuckling sounds from the chest and throat; to indulge in laughter.
Laugh	Fig.: To be or appear gay, cheerful, pleasant, mirthful, lively, or brilliant; to sparkle; to sport.
Laugh	To affect or influence by means of laughter or ridicule.
Laugh	To express by, or utter with, laughter; -- with out.
Laugh	An expression of mirth peculiar to the human species; the sound heard in laughing; laughter. See Laugh, v. i.
Laughable	Fitted to excite laughter; as, a laughable story; a laughable scene.
Laugher	One who laughs.
Laugher	A variety of the domestic pigeon.
Laughing	from Laugh, v. i.
Laughingly	With laughter or merriment.
Laughingstock	An object of ridicule; a butt of sport.
Laughsome	Exciting laughter; also, addicted to laughter; merry.
Laughter	A movement (usually involuntary) of the muscles of the face, particularly of the lips, with a peculiar expression of the eyes, indicating merriment, satisfaction, or derision, and usually attended by a sonorous and interrupted expulsion of air from the lungs. See Laugh, v. i.
Laughterless	Not laughing; without laughter.
Laughworthy	Deserving to be laughed at.
Laumontite	A mineral, of a white color and vitreous luster. It is a hydrous silicate of alumina and lime. Exposed to the air, it loses water, becomes opaque, and crumbles.
Launce	A lance.
Launce	A balance.
Launce	See Lant, the fish.
Launcegaye	See Langegaye.
Launched	of Launch
Launching	of Launch
Launch	To throw, as a lance or dart; to hurl; to let fly.
Launch	To strike with, or as with, a lance; to pierce.
Launch	To cause to move or slide from the land into the water; to set afloat; as, to launch a ship.
Launch	To send out; to start (one) on a career; to set going; to give a start to (something); to put in operation; as, to launch a son in the world; to launch a business project or enterprise.
Launch	To move with force and swiftness like a sliding from the stocks into the water; to plunge; to make a beginning; as, to launch into the current of a stream; to launch into an argument or discussion; to launch into lavish expenditures; -- often with out.
Launch	The act of launching.
Launch	The movement of a vessel from land into the water; especially, the sliding on ways from the stocks on which it is built.
Launch	The boat of the largest size belonging to a ship of war; also, an open boat of any size driven by steam, naphtha, electricity, or the like.
Laund	A plain sprinkled with trees or underbrush; a glade.
Launder	A washerwoman.
Launder	A trough used by miners to receive the powdered ore from the box where it is beaten, or for carrying water to the stamps, or other apparatus, for comminuting, or sorting, the ore.
Laundered	of Launder
Laundering	of Launder
Launder	To wash, as clothes; to wash, and to smooth with a flatiron or mangle; to wash and iron; as, to launder shirts.
Launder	To lave; to wet.
Launderer	One who follows the business of laundering.
Laundering	The act, or occupation, of one who launders; washing and ironing.
Laundress	A woman whose employment is laundering.
Laundress	To act as a laundress.
Laundries	of Laundry
Laundry	A laundering; a washing.
Laundry	A place or room where laundering is done.
Laundrymen	of Laundryman
Laundryman	A man who follows the business of laundering.
Laura	A number of hermitages or cells in the same neighborhood occupied by anchorites who were under the same superior.
Lauraceous	Belonging to, or resembling, a natural order (Lauraceae) of trees and shrubs having aromatic bark and foliage, and including the laurel, sassafras, cinnamon tree, true camphor tree, etc.
Laurate	A salt of lauric acid.
Laureate	Crowned, or decked, with laurel.
Laureate	One crowned with laurel; a poet laureate.
Laureated	of Laureate
Laureating	of Laureate
Laureate	To honor with a wreath of laurel, as formerly was done in bestowing a degree at the English universities.
Laureateship	State, or office, of a laureate.
Laureation	The act of crowning with laurel; the act of conferring an academic degree, or honorary title.
Laurel	An evergreen shrub, of the genus Laurus (L. nobilis), having aromatic leaves of a lanceolate shape, with clusters of small, yellowish white flowers in their axils; -- called also sweet bay.
Laurel	A crown of laurel; hence, honor; distinction; fame; -- especially in the plural; as, to win laurels.
Laurel	An English gold coin made in 1619, and so called because the king's head on it was crowned with laurel.
Laureled	Crowned with laurel, or with a laurel wreath; laureate.
Laurentian	Pertaining to, or near, the St. Lawrence River; as, the Laurentian hills.
Laurer	Laurel.
Laurestine	The Viburnum Tinus, an evergreen shrub or tree of the south of Europe, which flowers during the winter mouths.
Lauric	Pertaining to, or derived from, the European bay or laurel (Laurus nobilis).
Lauriferous	Producing, or bringing, laurel.
Laurin	A white crystalline substance extracted from the fruit of the bay (Laurus nobilis), and consisting of a complex mixture of glycerin ethers of several organic acids.
Laurinol	Ordinary camphor; -- so called in allusion to the family name (Lauraceae) of the camphor trees. See Camphor.
Lauriol	Spurge laurel.
Laurite	A rare sulphide of osmium and ruthenium found with platinum in Borneo and Oregon.
Laurone	The ketone of lauric acid.
Laurus	A genus of trees including, according to modern authors, only the true laurel (Laurus nobilis), and the larger L. Canariensis of Madeira and the Canary Islands. Formerly the sassafras, the camphor tree, the cinnamon tree, and several other aromatic trees and shrubs, were also referred to the genus Laurus.
Laus	Loose.
Lava	The melted rock ejected by a volcano from its top or fissured sides. It flows out in streams sometimes miles in length. It also issues from fissures in the earth's surface, and forms beds covering many square miles, as in the Northwestern United States.
Lavaret	A European whitefish (Coregonus laveretus), found in the mountain lakes of Sweden, Germany, and Switzerland.
Lavatic	Like lava, or composed of lava; lavic.
Lavation	A washing or cleansing.
Lavatory	Washing, or cleansing by washing.
Lavatories	of Lavatory
Lavatory	A place for washing.
Lavatory	A basin or other vessel for washing in.
Lavatory	A wash or lotion for a diseased part.
Lavatory	A place where gold is obtained by washing.
Lavature	A wash or lotion.
Laved	of Lave
Laving	of Lave
Lave	To wash; to bathe; as, to lave a bruise.
Lave	To bathe; to wash one's self.
Lave	To lade, dip, or pour out.
Lave	The remainder; others.
Lave-eared	Having large, pendent ears.
Laveer	To beat against the wind; to tack.
Lavement	A washing or bathing; also, a clyster.
Lavender	An aromatic plant of the genus Lavandula (L. vera), common in the south of Europe. It yields and oil used in medicine and perfumery. The Spike lavender (L. Spica) yields a coarser oil (oil of spike), used in the arts.
Lavender	The pale, purplish color of lavender flowers, paler and more delicate than lilac.
Laver	A vessel for washing; a large basin.
Laver	A large brazen vessel placed in the court of the Jewish tabernacle where the officiating priests washed their hands and feet.
Laver	One of several vessels in Solomon's Temple in which the offerings for burnt sacrifices were washed.
Laver	That which washes or cleanses.
Laver	One who laves; a washer.
Laver	The fronds of certain marine algae used as food, and for making a sauce called laver sauce. Green laver is the Ulva latissima; purple laver, Porphyra laciniata and P. vulgaris. It is prepared by stewing, either alone or with other vegetables, and with various condiments; -- called also sloke, or sloakan.
Laverock	The lark.
Lavic	See Lavatic.
Lavish	Expending or bestowing profusely; profuse; prodigal; as, lavish of money; lavish of praise.
Lavish	Superabundant; excessive; as, lavish spirits.
Lavished	of Lavish
Lavishing	of Lavish
Lavish	To expend or bestow with profusion; to use with prodigality; to squander; as, to lavish money or praise.
Lavisher	One who lavishes.
Lavishly	In a lavish manner.
Lavishment	The act of lavishing.
Lavishness	The quality or state of being lavish.
Lav/sium	A supposed new metallic element. It is said to have been discovered in pyrites, and some other minerals, and to be of a silver-white color, and malleable.
Lavolt	Alt. of Lavolta
Lavolta	An old dance, for two persons, being a kind of waltz, in which the woman made a high spring or bound.
Lavoltateer	A dancer of the lavolta.
Lavour	A laver.
Lavrock	Same as Laverock.
Law	In general, a rule of being or of conduct, established by an authority able to enforce its will; a controlling regulation; the mode or order according to which an agent or a power acts.
Law	In morals: The will of God as the rule for the disposition and conduct of all responsible beings toward him and toward each other; a rule of living, conformable to righteousness; the rule of action as obligatory on the conscience or moral nature.
Law	The Jewish or Mosaic code, and that part of Scripture where it is written, in distinction from the gospel; hence, also, the Old Testament.
Law	An organic rule, as a constitution or charter, establishing and defining the conditions of the existence of a state or other organized community.
Law	Any edict, decree, order, ordinance, statute, resolution, judicial, decision, usage, etc., or recognized, and enforced, by the controlling authority.
Law	In philosophy and physics: A rule of being, operation, or change, so certain and constant that it is conceived of as imposed by the will of God or by some controlling authority; as, the law of gravitation; the laws of motion; the law heredity; the laws of thought; the laws of cause and effect; law of self-preservation.
Law	In matematics: The rule according to which anything, as the change of value of a variable, or the value of the terms of a series, proceeds; mode or order of sequence.
Law	In arts, works, games, etc.: The rules of construction, or of procedure, conforming to the conditions of success; a principle, maxim; or usage; as, the laws of poetry, of architecture, of courtesy, or of whist.
Law	Collectively, the whole body of rules relating to one subject, or emanating from one source; -- including usually the writings pertaining to them, and judicial proceedings under them; as, divine law; English law; Roman law; the law of real property; insurance law.
Law	Legal science; jurisprudence; the principles of equity; applied justice.
Law	Trial by the laws of the land; judicial remedy; litigation; as, to go law.
Law	An oath, as in the presence of a court.
Law	Same as Lawe, v. t.
Law	An exclamation of mild surprise.
Law-abiding	Abiding the law; waiting for the operation of law for the enforcement of rights; also, abiding by the law; obedient to the law; as, law-abiding people.
Lawbreaker	One who disobeys the law; a criminal.
Lawe	To cut off the claws and balls of, as of a dog's fore feet.
Lawer	A lawyer.
Lawful	Conformable to law; allowed by law; legitimate; competent.
Lawful	Constituted or authorized by law; rightful; as, the lawful owner of lands.
Lawgiver	One who makes or enacts a law or system of laws; a legislator.
Lawgiving	Enacting laws; legislative.
Lawing	Going to law; litigation.
Lawing	Expeditation.
Lawless	Contrary to, or unauthorized by, law; illegal; as, a lawless claim.
Lawless	Not subject to, or restrained by, the law of morality or of society; as, lawless men or behavior.
Lawless	Not subject to the laws of nature; uncontrolled.
Lawmaker	A legislator; a lawgiver.
Lammaking	Enacting laws; legislative.
Lammaking	The enacting of laws; legislation.
Lawmonger	A trader in law; one who practices law as if it were a trade.
Lawn	An open space between woods.
Lawn	Ground (generally in front of or around a house) covered with grass kept closely mown.
Lawm	A very fine linen (or sometimes cotton) fabric with a rather open texture. Lawn is used for the sleeves of a bishop's official dress in the English Church, and, figuratively, stands for the office itself.
Lawnd	See Laund.
Lawny	Having a lawn; characterized by a lawn or by lawns; like a lawn.
Lawny	Made of lawn or fine linen.
Lawsonia	An Asiatic and North African shrub (Lawsonia inermis), with smooth oval leaves, and fragrant white flowers. Henna is prepared from the leaves and twigs. In England the shrub is called Egyptian privet, and in the West Indies, Jamaica mignonette.
Lawsuit	An action at law; a suit in equity or admiralty; any legal proceeding before a court for the enforcement of a claim.
Lawyer	One versed in the laws, or a practitioner of law; one whose profession is to conduct lawsuits for clients, or to advise as to prosecution or defence of lawsuits, or as to legal rights and obligations in other matters. It is a general term, comprehending attorneys, counselors, solicitors, barristers, sergeants, and advocates.
Lawyer	The black-necked stilt. See Stilt.
Lawyer	The bowfin (Amia calva).
Lawyer	The burbot (Lota maculosa).
Lawyerlike	Alt. of Lawyerly
Lawyerly	Like, or becoming, a lawyer; as, lawyerlike sagacity.
Lax	Not tense, firm, or rigid; loose; slack; as, a lax bandage; lax fiber.
Lax	Not strict or stringent; not exact; loose; weak; vague; equivocal.
Lax	Having a looseness of the bowels; diarrheal.
Lax	A looseness; diarrhea.
Laxation	The act of loosening or slackening, or the state of being loosened or slackened.
Laxative	Having a tendency to loosen or relax.
Laxative	Having the effect of loosening or opening the intestines, and relieving from constipation; -- opposed to astringent.
Laxative	A laxative medicine. See the Note under Cathartic.
Laxativeness	The quality of being laxative.
Laxator	That which loosens; -- esp., a muscle which by its contraction loosens some part.
Laxity	The state or quality of being lax; want of tenseness, strictness, or exactness.
Laxly	In a lax manner.
Laxness	The state of being lax; laxity.
Lay	of Lie, to recline.
Lay	Of or pertaining to the laity, as distinct from the clergy; as, a lay person; a lay preacher; a lay brother.
Lay	Not educated or cultivated; ignorant.
Lay	Not belonging to, or emanating from, a particular profession; unprofessional; as, a lay opinion regarding the nature of a disease.
Lay	The laity; the common people.
Lay	A meadow. See Lea.
Lay	Faith; creed; religious profession.
Lay	A law.
Lay	An obligation; a vow.
Lay	A song; a simple lyrical poem; a ballad.
Lay	A melody; any musical utterance.
Laid	of Lay
Laying	of Lay
Lay	To cause to lie down, to be prostrate, or to lie against something; to put or set down; to deposit; as, to lay a book on the table; to lay a body in the grave; a shower lays the dust.
Lay	To place in position; to establish firmly; to arrange with regularity; to dispose in ranks or tiers; as, to lay a corner stone; to lay bricks in a wall; to lay the covers on a table.
Lay	To prepare; to make ready; to contrive; to provide; as, to lay a snare, an ambush, or a plan.
Lay	To spread on a surface; as, to lay plaster or paint.
Lay	To cause to be still; to calm; to allay; to suppress; to exorcise, as an evil spirit.
Lay	To cause to lie dead or dying.
Lay	To deposit, as a wager; to stake; to risk.
Lay	To bring forth and deposit; as, to lay eggs.
Lay	To apply; to put.
Lay	To impose, as a burden, suffering, or punishment; to assess, as a tax; as, to lay a tax on land.
Lay	To impute; to charge; to allege.
Lay	To impose, as a command or a duty; as, to lay commands on one.
Lay	To present or offer; as, to lay an indictment in a particular county; to lay a scheme before one.
Lay	To state; to allege; as, to lay the venue.
Lay	To point; to aim; as, to lay a gun.
Lay	To put the strands of (a rope, a cable, etc.) in their proper places and twist or unite them; as, to lay a cable or rope.
Lay	To place and arrange (pages) for a form upon the imposing stone.
Lay	To place (new type) properly in the cases.
Lay	To produce and deposit eggs.
Lay	To take a position; to come or go; as, to lay forward; to lay aloft.
Lay	To lay a wager; to bet.
Lay	That which lies or is laid or is conceived of as having been laid or placed in its position; a row; a stratum; a layer; as, a lay of stone or wood.
Lay	A wager.
Lay	A job, price, or profit.
Lay	 A share of the proceeds or profits of an enterprise; as, when a man ships for a whaling voyage, he agrees for a certain lay.
Lay	A measure of yarn; a lea. See 1st Lea (a).
Lay	The lathe of a loom. See Lathe, 3.
Lay	A plan; a scheme.
Layer	One who, or that which, lays.
Layer	That which is laid; a stratum; a bed; one thickness, course, or fold laid over another; as, a layer of clay or of sand in the earth; a layer of bricks, or of plaster; the layers of an onion.
Layer	A shoot or twig of a plant, not detached from the stock, laid under ground for growth or propagation.
Layer	An artificial oyster bed.
Layering	A propagating by layers.
Laying	The act of one who, or that which, lays.
Laying	The act or period of laying eggs; the eggs laid for one incubation; a clutch.
Laying	The first coat on laths of plasterer's two-coat work.
Layland	Land lying untilled; fallow ground.
Laymen	of Layman
Layman	One of the people, in distinction from the clergy; one of the laity; sometimes, a man not belonging to some particular profession, in distinction from those who do.
Layman	A lay figure. See under Lay, n. (above).
Layner	A whiplash.
Layship	The condition of being a layman.
Laystall	A place where rubbish, dung, etc., are laid or deposited.
Laystall	A place where milch cows are kept, or cattle on the way to market are lodged.
Lazar	A person infected with a filthy or pestilential disease; a leper.
Lazaret	Alt. of Lazaretto
Lazaretto	A public building, hospital, or pesthouse for the reception of diseased persons, particularly those affected with contagious diseases.
Lazarist	Alt. of Lazarite
Lazarite	One of the Congregation of the Priests of the Mission, a religious institute founded by Vincent de Paul in 1624, and popularly called Lazarists or Lazarites from the College of St. Lazare in Paris, which was occupied by them until 1792.
Lazarlike	Alt. of Lazarly
Lazarly	Full of sores; leprous.
Lazaroni	See Lazzaroni.
Lazarwort	Laserwort.
Lazed	of Laze
Lazing	of Laze
Laze	To be lazy or idle.
Laze	To waste in sloth; to spend, as time, in idleness; as, to laze away whole days.
Lazily	In a lazy manner.
Laziness	The state or quality of being lazy.
Lazuli	A mineral of a fine azure-blue color, usually in small rounded masses. It is essentially a silicate of alumina, lime, and soda, with some sodium sulphide, is often marked by yellow spots or veins of sulphide of iron, and is much valued for ornamental work. Called also lapis lazuli, and Armenian stone.
Lazulite	A mineral of a light indigo-blue color, occurring in small masses, or in monoclinic crystals; blue spar. It is a hydrous phosphate of alumina and magnesia.
Lazy	Disinclined to action or exertion; averse to labor; idle; shirking work.
Lazy	Inactive; slothful; slow; sluggish; as, a lazy stream.
Lazy	Wicked; vicious.
Lazyback	A support for the back, attached to the seat of a carriage.
Lazybones	A lazy person.
Lazzaroni	The homeless idlers of Naples who live by chance work or begging; -- so called from the Hospital of St. Lazarus, which serves as their refuge.
Lea	A measure of yarn; for linen, 300 yards; for cotton, 120 yards; a lay.
Lea	A set of warp threads carried by a loop of the heddle.
Lea	A meadow or sward land; a grassy field.
Leach	See 3d Leech.
Leach	A quantity of wood ashes, through which water passes, and thus imbibes the alkali.
Leach	A tub or vat for leaching ashes, bark, etc.
Leached	of Leach
Leaching	of Leach
Leach	To remove the soluble constituents from by subjecting to the action of percolating water or other liquid; as, to leach ashes or coffee.
Leach	To dissolve out; -- often used with out; as, to leach out alkali from ashes.
Leach	To part with soluble constituents by percolation.
Leach	See Leech, a physician.
Leachy	Permitting liquids to pass by percolation; not capable of retaining water; porous; pervious; -- said of gravelly or sandy soils, and the like.
Lead	One of the elements, a heavy, pliable, inelastic metal, having a bright, bluish color, but easily tarnished. It is both malleable and ductile, though with little tenacity, and is used for tubes, sheets, bullets, etc. Its specific gravity is 11.37. It is easily fusible, forms alloys with other metals, and is an ingredient of solder and type metal. Atomic weight, 206.4. Symbol Pb (L. Plumbum). It is chiefly obtained from the mineral galena, lead sulphide.
Lead	An article made of lead or an alloy of lead
Lead	A plummet or mass of lead, used in sounding at sea.
Lead	A thin strip of type metal, used to separate lines of type in printing.
Lead	Sheets or plates of lead used as a covering for roofs; hence, pl., a roof covered with lead sheets or terne plates.
Lead	A small cylinder of black lead or plumbago, used in pencils.
Leaded	of Lead
Leading	of Lead
Lead	To cover, fill, or affect with lead; as, continuous firing leads the grooves of a rifle.
Lead	To place leads between the lines of; as, to lead a page; leaded matter.
Led	of Lead
Leading	of Lead
Lead	To guide or conduct with the hand, or by means of some physical contact connection; as, a father leads a child; a jockey leads a horse with a halter; a dog leads a blind man.
Lead	To guide or conduct in a certain course, or to a certain place or end, by making the way known; to show the way, esp. by going with or going in advance of. Hence, figuratively: To direct; to counsel; to instruct; as, to lead a traveler; to lead a pupil.
Lead	To conduct or direct with authority; to have direction or charge of; as, to lead an army, an exploring party, or a search; to lead a political party.
Lead	To go or to be in advance of; to precede; hence, to be foremost or chief among; as, the big sloop led the fleet of yachts; the Guards led the attack; Demosthenes leads the orators of all ages.
Lead	To draw or direct by influence, whether good or bad; to prevail on; to induce; to entice; to allure; as, to lead one to espouse a righteous cause.
Lead	To guide or conduct one's self in, through, or along (a certain course); hence, to proceed in the way of; to follow the path or course of; to pass; to spend. Also, to cause (one) to proceed or follow in (a certain course).
Lead	To begin a game, round, or trick, with; as, to lead trumps; the double five was led.
Lead	To guide or conduct, as by accompanying, going before, showing, influencing, directing with authority, etc.; to have precedence or preeminence; to be first or chief; -- used in most of the senses of lead, v. t.
Lead	To tend or reach in a certain direction, or to a certain place; as, the path leads to the mill; gambling leads to other vices.
Lead	The act of leading or conducting; guidance; direction; as, to take the lead; to be under the lead of another.
Lead	precedence; advance position; also, the measure of precedence; as, the white horse had the lead; a lead of a boat's length, or of half a second.
Lead	The act or right of playing first in a game or round; the card suit, or piece, so played; as, your partner has the lead.
Lead	An open way in an ice field.
Lead	A lode.
Lead	The course of a rope from end to end.
Lead	The width of port opening which is uncovered by the valve, for the admission or release of steam, at the instant when the piston is at end of its stroke.
Lead	the distance of haul, as from a cutting to an embankment.
Lead	The action of a tooth, as a tooth of a wheel, in impelling another tooth or a pallet.
Leaded	Fitted with lead; set in lead; as, leaded windows.
Leaded	Separated by leads, as the lines of a page.
Leaden	Made of lead; of the nature of lead; as, a leaden ball.
Leaden	Like lead in color, etc. ; as, a leaden sky.
Leaden	Heavy; dull; sluggish.
Leader	One who, or that which, leads or conducts; a guide; a conductor.
Leader	One who goes first.
Leader	One having authority to direct; a chief; a commander.
Leader	A performer who leads a band or choir in music; also, in an orchestra, the principal violinist; the one who plays at the head of the first violins.
Leader	A block of hard wood pierced with suitable holes for leading ropes in their proper places.
Leader	The principal wheel in any kind of machinery.
Leader	A horse placed in advance of others; one of the forward pair of horses.
Leader	A pipe for conducting rain water from a roof to a cistern or to the ground; a conductor.
Leader	A net for leading fish into a pound, weir, etc. ; also, a line of gut, to which the snell of a fly hook is attached.
Leader	A branch or small vein, not important in itself, but indicating the proximity of a better one.
Leader	The first, or the principal, editorial article in a newspaper; a leading or main editorial article.
Leader	A type having a dot or short row of dots upon its face.
Leader	a row of dots, periods, or hyphens, used in tables of contents, etc., to lead the eye across a space to the right word or number.
Leadership	The office of a leader.
Leadhillite	A mineral of a yellowish or greenish white color, consisting of the sulphate and carbonate of lead; -- so called from having been first found at Leadhills, Scotland.
Leading	Guiding; directing; controlling; foremost; as, a leading motive; a leading man; a leading example.
Leading	The act of guiding, directing, governing, or enticing; guidance.
Leading	Suggestion; hint; example.
Leadmen	of Leadman
Leadman	One who leads a dance.
Leadsmen	of Leadsman
Leadsman	The man who heaves the lead.
Leadwort	A genus of maritime herbs (Plumbago). P. Europaea has lead-colored spots on the leaves, and nearly lead-colored flowers.
Leady	Resembling lead.
Leaves	of Leaf
Leaf	A colored, usually green, expansion growing from the side of a stem or rootstock, in which the sap for the use of the plant is elaborated under the influence of light; one of the parts of a plant which collectively constitute its foliage.
Leaf	A special organ of vegetation in the form of a lateral outgrowth from the stem, whether appearing as a part of the foliage, or as a cotyledon, a scale, a bract, a spine, or a tendril.
Leaf	Something which is like a leaf in being wide and thin and having a flat surface, or in being attached to a larger body by one edge or end; as : (a) A part of a book or folded sheet containing two pages upon its opposite sides. (b) A side, division, or part, that slides or is hinged, as of window shutters, folding doors, etc. (c) The movable side of a table. (d) A very thin plate; as, gold leaf. (e) A portion of fat lying in a separate fold or layer. (f) One of the teeth of a pinion, especially when small.
Leafed	of Leaf
Leafing	of Leaf
Leaf	To shoot out leaves; to produce leaves; to leave; as, the trees leaf in May.
Leafage	Leaves, collectively; foliage.
Leafcup	A coarse American composite weed (Polymnia Uvedalia).
Leafed	Having (such) a leaf or (so many) leaves; -- used in composition; as, broad-leafed; four-leafed.
Leafet	A leaflet.
Leaf-footed	Having leaflike expansions on the legs; -- said of certain insects; as, the leaf-footed bug (Leptoglossus phyllopus).
Leafiness	The state of being leafy.
Leafless	Having no leaves or foliage; bearing no foliage.
Leaflet	A little leaf; also, a little printed leaf or a tract.
Leaflet	One of the divisions of a compound leaf; a foliole.
Leaflet	A leaflike organ or part; as, a leaflet of the gills of fishes.
Leaf-nosed	Having a leaflike membrane on the nose; -- said of certain bats, esp. of the genera Phyllostoma and Rhinonycteris. See Vampire.
Leafstalk	The stalk or petiole which supports a leaf.
Leafy	Full of leaves; abounding in leaves; as, the leafy forest.
Leafy	Consisting of leaves.
League	A measure of length or distance, varying in different countries from about 2.4 to 4.6 English statute miles of 5.280 feet each, and used (as a land measure) chiefly on the continent of Europe, and in the Spanish parts of America. The marine league of England and the United States is equal to three marine, or geographical, miles of 6080 feet each.
League	A stone erected near a public road to mark the distance of a league.
League	An alliance or combination of two or more nations, parties, or persons, for the accomplishment of a purpose which requires a continued course of action, as for mutual defense, or for furtherance of commercial, religious, or political interests, etc.
Leagued	of League
Leaguing	of League
League	To unite in a league or confederacy; to combine for mutual support; to confederate.
League	To join in a league; to cause to combine for a joint purpose; to combine; to unite; as, common interests will league heterogeneous elements.
Leaguer	The camp of a besieging army; a camp in general.
Leaguer	A siege or beleaguering.
Leaguer	To besiege; to beleaguer.
Leaguerer	A besieger.
Leak	A crack, crevice, fissure, or hole which admits water or other fluid, or lets it escape; as, a leak in a roof; a leak in a boat; a leak in a gas pipe.
Leak	The entrance or escape of a fluid through a crack, fissure, or other aperture; as, the leak gained on the ship's pumps.
Leak	Leaky.
Leaked	of Leak
Leaking	of Leak
Leak	To let water or other fluid in or out through a hole, crevice, etc.; as, the cask leaks; the roof leaks; the boat leaks.
Leak	To enter or escape, as a fluid, through a hole, crevice, etc. ; to pass gradually into, or out of, something; -- usually with in or out.
Leakage	A leaking; also, the quantity that enters or issues by leaking.
Leakage	An allowance of a certain rate per cent for the leaking of casks, or waste of liquors by leaking.
Leakiness	The quality of being leaky.
Leaky	Permitting water or other fluid to leak in or out; as, a leaky roof or cask.
Leaky	Apt to disclose secrets; tattling; not close.
Leal	Faithful; loyal; true.
Leam	See Leme.
Leam	A cord or strap for leading a dog.
Leamer	A dog held by a leam.
Lean	To conceal.
Leaned	of Lean
Leant	of Lean
Leaning	of Lean
Lean	To incline, deviate, or bend, from a vertical position; to be in a position thus inclining or deviating; as, she leaned out at the window; a leaning column.
Lean	To incline in opinion or desire; to conform in conduct; -- with to, toward, etc.
Lean	To rest or rely, for support, comfort, and the like; -- with on, upon, or against.
Lean	To cause to lean; to incline; to support or rest.
Lean	Wanting flesh; destitute of or deficient in fat; not plump; meager; thin; lank; as, a lean body; a lean cattle.
Lean	Wanting fullness, richness, sufficiency, or productiveness; deficient in quality or contents; slender; scant; barren; bare; mean; -- used literally and figuratively; as, the lean harvest; a lean purse; a lean discourse; lean wages.
Lean	Of a character which prevents the compositor from earning the usual wages; -- opposed to fat; as, lean copy, matter, or type.
Lean	That part of flesh which consist principally of muscle without the fat.
Lean	Unremunerative copy or work.
Lean-faced	Having a thin face.
Lean-faced	slender or narrow; -- said of type the letters of which have thin lines, or are unusually narrow in proportion to their height.
Leaning	The act, or state, of inclining; inclination; tendency; as, a leaning towards Calvinism.
Leanly	Meagerly; without fat or plumpness.
Leanness	The condition or quality of being lean.
Lean-to	Having only one slope or pitch; -- said of a roof.
Lean-to	A shed or slight building placed against the wall of a larger structure and having a single-pitched roof; -- called also penthouse, and to-fall.
Lean-witted	Having but little sense or shrewdness.
Leany	Lean.
Leap	A basket.
Leap	A weel or wicker trap for fish.
Leaped	of Leap
Leapt	of Leap
Leaping	of Leap
Leap	To spring clear of the ground, with the feet; to jump; to vault; as, a man leaps over a fence, or leaps upon a horse.
Leap	To spring or move suddenly, as by a jump or by jumps; to bound; to move swiftly. Also Fig.
Leap	To pass over by a leap or jump; as, to leap a wall, or a ditch.
Leap	To copulate with (a female beast); to cover.
Leap	To cause to leap; as, to leap a horse across a ditch.
Leap	The act of leaping, or the space passed by leaping; a jump; a spring; a bound.
Leap	Copulation with, or coverture of, a female beast.
Leap	A fault.
Leap	A passing from one note to another by an interval, especially by a long one, or by one including several other and intermediate intervals.
Leaper	One who, or that which, leaps.
Leaper	A kind of hooked instrument for untwisting old cordage.
Leapfrog	A play among boys, in which one stoops down and another leaps over him by placing his hands on the shoulders of the former.
Leapful	A basketful.
Leaping	from Leap, to jump.
Leapingly	By leaps.
Leap year	Bissextile; a year containing 366 days; every fourth year which leaps over a day more than a common year, giving to February twenty-nine days. See Bissextile.
Lear	To learn. See Lere, to learn.
Lear	Lore; lesson.
Lear	See Leer, a.
Lear	An annealing oven. See Leer, n.
Learned	of Learn
Learnt	of Learn
Learning	of Learn
Learn	To gain knowledge or information of; to ascertain by inquiry, study, or investigation; to receive instruction concerning; to fix in the mind; to acquire understanding of, or skill; as, to learn the way; to learn a lesson; to learn dancing; to learn to skate; to learn the violin; to learn the truth about something.
Learn	To communicate knowledge to; to teach.
Learn	To acquire knowledge or skill; to make progress in acquiring knowledge or skill; to receive information or instruction; as, this child learns quickly.
Learnable	Such as can be learned.
Learned	Of or pertaining to learning; possessing, or characterized by, learning, esp. scholastic learning; erudite; well-informed; as, a learned scholar, writer, or lawyer; a learned book; a learned theory.
Learner	One who learns; a scholar.
Learning	The acquisition of knowledge or skill; as, the learning of languages; the learning of telegraphy.
Learning	The knowledge or skill received by instruction or study; acquired knowledge or ideas in any branch of science or literature; erudition; literature; science; as, he is a man of great learning.
Leasable	Such as can be leased.
Lease	To gather what harvesters have left behind; to glean.
Leased	of Lease
Leasing	of Lease
Lease	To grant to another by lease the possession of, as of lands, tenements, and hereditaments; to let; to demise; as, a landowner leases a farm to a tenant; -- sometimes with out.
Lease	To hold under a lease; to take lease of; as, a tenant leases his land from the owner.
Lease	A demise or letting of lands, tenements, or hereditaments to another for life, for a term of years, or at will, or for any less interest than that which the lessor has in the property, usually for a specified rent or compensation.
Lease	The contract for such letting.
Lease	Any tenure by grant or permission; the time for which such a tenure holds good; allotted time.
Leasehold	Held by lease.
Leasehold	A tenure by lease; specifically, land held as personalty under a lease for years.
Leaseholder	A tenant under a lease.
Leaser	One who leases or gleans.
Leaser	A liar.
Leash	A thong of leather, or a long cord, by which a falconer holds his hawk, or a courser his dog.
Leash	A brace and a half; a tierce; three; three creatures of any kind, especially greyhounds, foxes, bucks, and hares; hence, the number three in general.
Leash	A string with a loop at the end for lifting warp threads, in a loom.
Leashed	of Leash
Leashing	of Leash
Leash	To tie together, or hold, with a leash.
Leasing	The act of lying; falsehood; a lie or lies.
Leasow	A pasture.
Least	Smallest, either in size or degree; shortest; lowest; most unimportant; as, the least insect; the least mercy; the least space.
Least	In the smallest or lowest degree; in a degree below all others; as, to reward those who least deserve it.
Least	See Lest, conj.
Leastways	Alt. of Leastwise
Leastwise	At least; at all events.
Leasy	Flimsy; vague; deceptive.
Leat	An artificial water trench, esp. one to or from a mill.
Leather	The skin of an animal, or some part of such skin, tanned, tawed, or otherwise dressed for use; also, dressed hides, collectively.
Leather	The skin.
Leathered	of Leather
Leathering	of Leather
Leather	To beat, as with a thong of leather.
Leatherback	A large sea turtle (Sphargis coriacea), having no bony shell on its back. It is common in the warm and temperate parts of the Atlantic, and sometimes weighs over a thousand pounds; -- called also leather turtle, leathery turtle, leather-backed tortoise, etc.
Leatheret	Alt. of Leatherette
Leatherette	An imitation of leather, made of paper and cloth.
Leatherhead	The friar bird.
Leathern	Made of leather; consisting of. leather; as, a leathern purse.
Leatherneck	The sordid friar bird of Australia (Tropidorhynchus sordidus).
Leatherwood	A small branching shrub (Dirca palustris), with a white, soft wood, and a tough, leathery bark, common in damp woods in the Northern United States; -- called also moosewood, and wicopy.
Leathery	Resembling leather in appearance or consistence; tough.
Leaved	of Leave
Leaving	of Leave
Leave	To send out leaves; to leaf; -- often with out.
Leave	To raise; to levy.
Leave	Liberty granted by which restraint or illegality is removed; permission; allowance; license.
Leave	The act of leaving or departing; a formal parting; a leaving; farewell; adieu; -- used chiefly in the phrase, to take leave, i. e., literally, to take permission to go.
Left	of Leave
Leaving	of Leave
Leave	To withdraw one's self from; to go away from; to depart from; as, to leave the house.
Leave	To let remain unremoved or undone; to let stay or continue, in distinction from what is removed or changed.
Leave	To cease from; to desist from; to abstain from.
Leave	To desert; to abandon; to forsake; hence, to give up; to relinquish.
Leave	To let be or do without interference; as, I left him to his reflections; I leave my hearers to judge.
Leave	To put; to place; to deposit; to deliver; to commit; to submit -- with a sense of withdrawing one's self from; as, leave your hat in the hall; we left our cards; to leave the matter to arbitrators.
Leave	To have remaining at death; hence, to bequeath; as, he left a large estate; he left a good name; he left a legacy to his niece.
Leave	To depart; to set out.
Leave	To cease; to desist; to leave off.
Leaved	Bearing, or having, a leaf or leaves; having folds; -- used in combination; as, a four-leaved clover; a two-leaved gate; long-leaved.
Leaveless	Leafless.
Leaven	Any substance that produces, or is designed to produce, fermentation, as in dough or liquids; esp., a portion of fermenting dough, which, mixed with a larger quantity of dough, produces a general change in the mass, and renders it light; yeast; barm.
Leaven	Anything which makes a general assimilating (especially a corrupting) change in the mass.
Leavened	of Leaven
Leavening	of Leaven
Leaven	To make light by the action of leaven; to cause to ferment.
Leaven	To imbue; to infect; to vitiate.
Leavening	The act of making light, or causing to ferment, by means of leaven.
Leavening	That which leavens or makes light.
Leavenous	Containing leaven.
Leaver	One who leaves, or withdraws.
Leaves	pl. of Leaf.
Leave-taking	Taking of leave; parting compliments.
Leaviness	Leafiness.
Leavings	Things left; remnants; relics.
Leavings	Refuse; offal.
Leavy	Leafy.
Leban	Alt. of Lebban
Lebban	Coagulated sour milk diluted with water; -- a common beverage among the Arabs. Also, a fermented liquor made of the same.
Lecama	The hartbeest.
Lecanomancy	divination practiced with water in a basin, by throwing three stones into it, and invoking the demon whose aid was sought.
Lecanoric	Pertaining to, or designating, an organic acid which is obtained from several varieties of lichen (Lecanora, Roccella, etc.), as a white, crystalline substance, and is called also orsellic, / diorsellinic acid, lecanorin, etc.
Lecanorin	See Lecanoric.
Lech	To lick.
Leche	See water buck, under 3d Buck.
Lecher	A man given to lewdness; one addicted, in an excessive degree, to the indulgence of sexual desire, or to illicit commerce with women.
Lechered	of Lecher
Lechering	of Lecher
Lecher	To practice lewdness.
Lecherer	See Lecher, n.
Lecherous	Like a lecher; addicted to lewdness; lustful; also, lust-provoking.
Lechery	Free indulgence of lust; lewdness.
Lechery	Selfish pleasure; delight.
Lecithin	A complex, nitrogenous phosphorized substance widely distributed through the animal body, and especially conspicuous in the brain and nerve tissue, in yolk of eggs, and in the white blood corpuscles.
lectern	See Lecturn.
Lecticae	of Lectica
Lectica	A kind of litter or portable couch.
Lection	A lesson or selection, esp. of Scripture, read in divine service.
Lection	A reading; a variation in the text.
-ries	of Lectionary
Lectionary	A book, or a list, of lections, for reading in divine service.
Lector	A reader of lections; formerly, a person designated to read lessons to the illiterate.
Lectual	Confining to the bed; as, a lectual disease.
Lecture	The act of reading; as, the lecture of Holy Scripture.
Lecture	A discourse on any subject; especially, a formal or methodical discourse, intended for instruction; sometimes, a familiar discourse, in contrast with a sermon.
Lecture	A reprimand or formal reproof from one having authority.
Lecture	A rehearsal of a lesson.
Lectured	of Lecture
Lecturing	of Lecture
Lecture	To read or deliver a lecture to.
Lecture	To reprove formally and with authority.
Lecture	To deliver a lecture or lectures.
Lecturer	One who lectures; an assistant preacher.
Lectureship	The office of a lecturer.
Lecturn	A choir desk, or reading desk, in some churches, from which the lections, or Scripture lessons, are chanted or read; hence, a reading desk. [Written also lectern and lettern.]
Lecythis	A genus of gigantic trees, chiefly Brazilian, of the order Myrtaceae, having woody capsules opening by an apical lid. Lecythis Zabucajo yields the delicious sapucaia nuts. L. Ollaria produces the monkey-pots, its capsules. Its bark separates into thin sheets, like paper, used by the natives for cigarette wrappers.
Led	of Lead.
Leden	Alt. of Ledden
Ledden	Language; speech; voice; cry.
Ledge	A shelf on which articles may be laid; also, that which resembles such a shelf in form or use, as a projecting ridge or part, or a molding or edge in joinery.
Ledge	A shelf, ridge, or reef, of rocks.
Ledge	A layer or stratum.
Ledge	A lode; a limited mass of rock bearing valuable mineral.
Ledge	A piece of timber to support the deck, placed athwartship between beams.
Ledgement	See Ledgment.
Ledger	A book in which a summary of accounts is laid up or preserved; the final book of record in business transactions, in which all debits and credits from the journal, etc., are placed under appropriate heads.
Ledger	A large flat stone, esp. one laid over a tomb.
Ledger	A horizontal piece of timber secured to the uprights and supporting floor timbers, a staircase, scaffolding, or the like. It differs from an intertie in being intended to carry weight.
Ledgment	A string-course or horizontal suit of moldings, such as the base moldings of a building.
Ledgment	 The development of the surface of a body on a plane, so that the dimensions of the different sides may be easily ascertained.
Ledgy	Abounding in ledges; consisting of a ledge or reef; as, a ledgy island.
Lee	To lie; to speak falsely.
Lees	of Lee
Lee	That which settles at the bottom, as of a cask of liquor (esp. wine); sediment; dregs; -- used now only in the plural.
Lee	A sheltered place; esp., a place protected from the wind by some object; the side sheltered from the wind; shelter; protection; as, the lee of a mountain, an island, or a ship.
Lee	That part of the hemisphere, as one stands on shipboard, toward which the wind blows. See Lee, a.
Lee	Of or pertaining to the part or side opposite to that against which the wind blows; -- opposed to weather; as, the lee side or lee rail of a vessel.
Leeboard	A board, or frame of planks, lowered over the side of a vessel to lessen her leeway when closehauled, by giving her greater draught.
Leech	See 2d Leach.
Leech	See Leach, v. t.
Leech	The border or edge at the side of a sail.
Leech	A physician or surgeon; a professor of the art of healing.
Leech	Any one of numerous genera and species of annulose worms, belonging to the order Hirudinea, or Bdelloidea, esp. those species  used in medicine, as Hirudo medicinalis of Europe, and allied species.
Leech	A glass tube of peculiar construction, adapted for drawing blood from a scarified part by means of a vacuum.
Leeched	of Leech
Leeching	of Leech
Leech	To treat as a surgeon; to doctor; as, to leech wounds.
Leech	To bleed by the use of leeches.
Leechcraft	The art of healing; skill of a physician.
Leed	Alt. of Leede
Leede	A caldron; a copper kettle.
Leef	See Lief.
Leek	A plant of the genus Allium (A. Porrum), having broadly linear succulent leaves rising from a loose oblong cylindrical bulb. The flavor is stronger than that of the common onion.
Leeme	See Leme.
Leep	Leaped.
Leer	To learn.
Leer	Empty; destitute; wanting
Leer	Empty of contents.
Leer	Destitute of a rider; and hence, led, not ridden; as, a leer horse.
Leer	Wanting sense or seriousness; trifling; trivolous; as, leer words.
Leer	An oven in which glassware is annealed.
Leer	The cheek.
Leer	Complexion; aspect; appearance.
Leer	A distorted expression of the face, or an indirect glance of the eye, conveying a sinister or immodest suggestion.
Leered	of Leer
Leering	of Leer
Leer	To look with a leer; to look askance with a suggestive expression, as of hatred, contempt, lust, etc. ; to cast a sidelong lustful or malign look.
Leer	To entice with a leer, or leers; as, to leer a man to ruin.
Leere	Tape or braid; an ornament.
Leeringly	In a leering manner.
Lees	Dregs. See 2d Lee.
Lees	A leash.
Leese	To lose.
Leese	To hurt.
Leet	of Let, to allow.
Leet	A portion; a list, esp. a list of candidates for an office.
Leet	A court-leet; the district within the jurisdiction of a court-leet; the day on which a court-leet is held.
Leet	The European pollock.
Leetmen	of Leetman
Leetman	One subject to the jurisdiction of a court-leet.
Leeward	Pertaining to, or in the direction of, the part or side toward which the wind blows; -- opposed to windward; as, a leeward berth; a leeward ship.
Leeward	The lee side; the lee.
Leeward	Toward the lee.
Leeway	The lateral movement of a ship to the leeward of her course; drift.
Left	of Leave.
Left	Of or pertaining to that side of the body in man on which the muscular action of the limbs is usually weaker than on the other side; -- opposed to right, when used in reference to a part of the body; as, the left hand, or arm; the left ear. Also said of the corresponding side of the lower animals.
Left	That part of surrounding space toward which the left side of one's body is turned; as, the house is on the left when you face North.
Left	Those members of a legislative assembly (as in France) who are in the opposition; the advanced republicans and extreme radicals. They have their seats at the left-hand side of the presiding officer. See Center, and Right.
Left-hand	Situated on the left; nearer the left hand than the right; as, the left-hand side; the left-hand road.
Left-handed	Having the left hand or arm stronger and more dexterous than the right; using the left hand and arm with more dexterity than the right.
Left-handed	Clumsy; awkward; unlucky; insincere; sinister; malicious; as, a left-handed compliment.
Left-handed	Having a direction contrary to that of the hands of a watch when seen in front; -- said of a twist, a rotary motion, etc., looked at from a given direction.
Left-handedness	Alt. of Left-handiness
Left-handiness	The state or quality of being left-handed; awkwardness.
Left-off	Laid aside; cast-off.
Leftward	Toward or on the left side.
Leful	See Leveful.
Leg	A limb or member of an animal used for supporting the body, and in running, climbing, and swimming; esp., that part of the limb between the knee and foot.
Leg	That which resembles a leg in form or use; especially, any long and slender support on which any object rests; as, the leg of a table; the leg of a pair of compasses or dividers.
Leg	The part of any article of clothing which covers the leg; as, the leg of a stocking or of a pair of trousers.
Leg	A bow, esp. in the phrase to make a leg; probably from drawing the leg backward in bowing.
Leg	A disreputable sporting character; a blackleg.
Leg	The course and distance made by a vessel on one tack or between tacks.
Leg	An extension of the boiler downward, in the form of a narrow space between vertical plates, sometimes nearly surrounding the furnace and ash pit, and serving to support the boiler; -- called also water leg.
Leg	The case containing the lower part of the belt which carries the buckets.
Leg	A fielder whose position is on the outside, a little in rear of the batter.
Leg	To use as a leg, with it as object
Leg	To bow.
Leg	To run.
Legacies	of Legacy
Legacy	A gift of property by will, esp. of money or personal property; a bequest. Also Fig.; as, a legacy of dishonor or disease.
Legacy	A business with which one is intrusted by another; a commission; -- obsolete, except in the phrases last legacy, dying legacy, and the like.
Legal	Created by, permitted by, in conformity with, or relating to, law; as, a legal obligation; a legal standard or test; a legal procedure; a legal claim; a legal trade; anything is legal which the laws do not forbid.
Legal	According to the law of works, as distinguished from free grace; or resting on works for salvation.
Legal	According to the old or Mosaic dispensation; in accordance with the law of Moses.
Legal	Governed by the rules of law as distinguished from the rules of equity; as, legal estate; legal assets.
Legalism	Strictness, or the doctrine of strictness, in conforming to law.
Legalist	One who practices or advocates strict conformity to law; in theology, one who holds to the law of works. See Legal, 2 (a).
Legality	The state or quality of being legal; conformity to law.
Legality	A conformity to, and resting upon, the letter of the law.
Legalization	The act of making legal.
Legalized	of Legalize
Legalizing	of Legalize
Legalize	To make legal.
Legalize	To interpret or apply in a legal spirit.
Legally	In a legal manner.
Legantine	See Legatine.
Legatary	A legatee.
Legate	An ambassador or envoy.
Legate	An ecclesiastic representing the pope and invested with the authority of the Holy See.
Legate	An official assistant given to a general or to the governor of a province.
Legate	Under the emperors, a governor sent to a province.
Legatee	One to whom a legacy is bequeathed.
Legateship	The office of a legate.
Legatine	Of or pertaining to a legate; as, legatine power.
Legatine	Made by, proceeding from, or under the sanction of, a legate; as, a legatine constitution.
Legation	The sending forth or commissioning one person to act for another.
Legation	A legate, or envoy, and the persons associated with him in his mission; an embassy; or, in stricter usage, a diplomatic minister and his suite; a deputation.
Legation	The place of business or official residence of a diplomatic minister at a foreign court or seat of government.
Legation	A district under the jurisdiction of a legate.
Legato	Connected; tied; -- a term used when successive tones are to be produced in a closely connected, smoothly gliding manner. It is often indicated by a tie, thus /, /, or /, /, written over or under the notes to be so performed; -- opposed to staccato.
Legator	A testator; one who bequeaths a legacy.
Legatura	A tie or brace; a syncopation.
Legature	Legateship.
Lege	To allege; to assert.
Legement	See Ledgment.
Legend	That which is appointed to be read; especially, a chronicle or register of the lives of saints, formerly read at matins, and in the refectories of religious houses.
Legend	A story respecting saints; especially, one of a marvelous nature.
Legend	Any wonderful story coming down from the past, but not verifiable by historical record; a myth; a fable.
Legend	An inscription, motto, or title, esp. one surrounding the field in a medal or coin, or placed upon an heraldic shield or beneath an engraving or illustration.
Legend	To tell or narrate, as a legend.
Legendary	Of or pertaining to a legend or to legends; consisting of legends; like a legend; fabulous.
Legendary	A book of legends; a tale or narrative.
Legendary	One who relates legends.
Leger	Anything that lies in a place; that which, or one who, remains in a place.
Leger	A minister or ambassador resident at a court or seat of government.
Leger	A ledger.
Leger	Lying or remaining in a place; hence, resident; as, leger ambassador.
Leger	Light; slender; slim; trivial.
Legerdemain	Sleight of hand; a trick of sleight of hand; hence, any artful deception or trick.
Legerdemainist	One who practices sleight of hand; a prestidigitator.
Legerity	Lightness; nimbleness.
Legge	To lay.
Legge	To lighten; to allay.
Legged	Having (such or so many) legs; -- used in composition; as, a long-legged man; a two-legged animal.
Leggiadro	Alt. of Leggiero
Leggiero	Light or graceful; in a light, delicate, and brisk style.
Legging	Alt. of Leggin
Leggin	A cover for the leg, like a long gaiter.
Legging	a. & vb. n., from Leg, v. t.
Leggy	Having long legs.
Leghorn	A straw plaiting used for bonnets and hats, made from the straw of a particular kind of wheat, grown for the purpose in Tuscany, Italy; -- so called from Leghorn, the place of exportation.
Legibility	The quality of being legible; legibleness.
Legible	Capable of being read or deciphered; distinct to the eye; plain; -- used of writing or printing; as, a fair, legible manuscript.
Legible	Capable of being discovered or understood by apparent marks or indications; as, the thoughts of men are often legible in their countenances.
Legibleness	The state or quality of being legible.
Legibly	In a legible manner.
Legific	Of or pertaining to making laws.
Legion	A body of foot soldiers and cavalry consisting of different numbers at different periods, -- from about four thousand to about six thousand men, -- the cavalry being about one tenth.
Legion	A military force; an army; military bands.
Legion	A great number; a multitude.
Legion	A group of orders inferior to a class.
Legionary	Belonging to a legion; consisting of a legion or legions, or of an indefinitely great number; as, legionary soldiers; a legionary force.
Legionaries	of Legionary
Legionary	A member of a legion.
Legioned	Formed into a legion or legions; legionary.
Legionry	A body of legions; legions, collectively.
Legislated	of Legislate
Legislating	of Legislate
Legislate	To make or enact a law or laws.
Legislation	The act of legislating; preparation and enactment of laws; the laws enacted.
Legislative	Making, or having the power to make, a law or laws; lawmaking; -- distinguished from executive; as, a legislative act; a legislative body.
Legislative	Of or pertaining to the making of laws; suitable to legislation; as, the transaction of legislative business; the legislative style.
Legislatively	In a legislative manner.
Legislator	A lawgiver; one who makes laws for a state or community; a member of a legislative body.
Legislatorial	Of or pertaining to a legislator or legislature.
Legislatorship	The office of a legislator.
Legislatress	Alt. of Legislatrix
Legislatrix	A woman who makes laws.
Legislature	The body of persons in a state or kingdom invested with power to make and repeal laws; a legislative body.
Legist	One skilled in the laws; a writer on law.
Legitim	The portion of movable estate to which the children are entitled upon the death of the father.
Legitimacy	The state, or quality, of being legitimate, or in conformity with law; hence, the condition of having been lawfully begotten, or born in wedlock.
Legitimate	Accordant with law or with established legal forms and requirements; lawful; as, legitimate government; legitimate rights; the legitimate succession to the throne; a legitimate proceeding of an officer; a legitimate heir.
Legitimate	Lawfully begotten; born in wedlock.
Legitimate	Authorized; real; genuine; not false, counterfeit, or spurious; as, legitimate poems of Chaucer; legitimate inscriptions.
Legitimate	Conforming to known principles, or accepted rules; as, legitimate reasoning; a legitimate standard, or method; a legitimate combination of colors.
Legitimate	Following by logical sequence; reasonable; as, a legitimate result; a legitimate inference.
Legitimated	of Legitimate
Legitimating	of Legitimate
Legitimate	To make legitimate, lawful, or valid; esp., to put in the position or state of a legitimate person before the law, by legal means; as, to legitimate a bastard child.
Legitimately	In a legitimate manner; lawfully; genuinely.
Legitimateness	The state or quality of being legitimate; lawfulness; genuineness.
Legitimation	The act of making legitimate.
Legitimation	Lawful birth.
Legitimatist	See Legitimist.
Legitimatize	To legitimate.
Legitimism	The principles or plans of legitimists.
Legitimist	One who supports legitimate authority; esp., one who believes in hereditary monarchy, as a divine right.
Legitimist	Specifically, a supporter of the claims of the elder branch of the Bourbon dynasty to the crown of France.
Legitimized	of Legitimize
Legitimizing	of Legitimize
Legitimize	To legitimate.
Legless	Not having a leg.
Lego-literary	Pertaining to the literature of law.
Leguleian	Lawyerlike; legal.
Leguleian	A lawyer.
Legume	A pod dehiscent into two pieces or valves, and having the seed attached at one suture, as that of the pea.
Legume	The fruit of leguminous plants, as peas, beans, lupines; pulse.
Legumina	of Legumen
Legumens	of Legumen
Legumen	Same as Legume.
Legumin	An albuminous substance resembling casein, found as a characteristic ingredient of the seeds of leguminous and grain-bearing plants.
Leguminous	Pertaining to pulse; consisting of pulse.
Leguminous	Belonging to, or resembling, a very large natural order of plants (Leguminosae), which bear legumes, including peas, beans, clover, locust trees, acacias, and mimosas.
Leiger	See Leger, n., 2.
Leiotrichan	Of or pertaining to the Leiotrichi.
Leiotrichan	One of the Leiotrichi.
Leiotrichi	The division of mankind which embraces the smooth-haired races.
Leiotrichous	Having smooth, or nearly smooth, hair.
Leipoa	A genus of Australian gallinaceous birds including but a single species (Leipoa ocellata), about the size of a turkey. Its color is variegated, brown, black, white, and gray. Called also native pheasant.
Leipothymic	See Lipothymic.
Leister	Alt. of Lister
Lister	A spear armed with three or more prongs, for striking fish.
Leisurable	Leisurely.
Leisurable	Vacant of employment; not occupied; idle; leisure; as leisurable hours.
Leisurably	At leisure.
Leisure	Freedom from occupation or business; vacant time; time free from employment.
Leisure	Time at one's command, free from engagement; convenient opportunity; hence, convenience; ease.
Leisure	Unemployed; as, leisure hours.
Leisured	Having leisure.
Leisurely	Characterized by leisure; taking abundant time; not hurried; as, a leisurely manner; a leisurely walk.
Leisurely	In a leisurely manner.
Leitmotif	See Leading motive, under Leading, a.
Leman	A sweetheart, of either sex; a gallant, or a mistress; -- usually in a bad sense.
Leme	A ray or glimmer of light; a gleam.
Leme	To shine.
Lemmata	of Lemma
Lemmas	of Lemma
Lemma	A preliminary or auxiliary proposition demonstrated or accepted for immediate use in the demonstration of some other proposition, as in mathematics or logic.
Lemman	A leman.
Lemming	Any one of several species of small arctic rodents of the genera Myodes and Cuniculus, resembling the meadow mice in form. They are found in both hemispheres.
Lemnian	Of or pertaining to the isle of Lemnos.
Lemniscata	Alt. of Lemniscate
Lemniscate	A curve in the form of the figure 8, with both parts symmetrical, generated by the point in which a tangent to an equilateral hyperbola meets the perpendicular on it drawn from the center.
Lemnisci	of Lemniscus
Lemniscus	One of two oval bodies hanging from the interior walls of the body in the Acanthocephala.
Lemon	An oval or roundish fruit resembling the orange, and containing a pulp usually intensely acid. It is produced by a tropical tree of the genus Citrus, the common fruit known in commerce being that of the species C. Limonum or C. Medica (var. Limonum). There are many varieties of the fruit, some of which are sweet.
Lemon	The tree which bears lemons; the lemon tree.
Lemonade	A beverage consisting of lemon juice mixed with water and sweetened.
Lemur	One of a family (Lemuridae) of nocturnal mammals allied to the monkeys, but of small size, and having a sharp and foxlike muzzle, and large eyes. They feed upon birds, insects, and fruit, and are mostly natives of Madagascar and the neighboring islands, one genus (Galago) occurring in Africa. The slow lemur or kukang of the East Indies is Nycticebus tardigradus. See Galago, Indris, and Colugo.
Lemures	Spirits or ghosts of the departed; specters.
Lemuria	A hypothetical land, or continent, supposed by some to have existed formerly in the Indian Ocean, of which Madagascar is a remnant.
Lemurid	Same as Lemuroid.
Lemuridous	Alt. of Lemurine
Lemurine	Lemuroid.
Lemuroid	Like or pertaining to the lemurs or the Lemuroidea.
Lemuroid	One of the Lemuroidea.
Lemuroidea	A suborder of primates, including the lemurs, the aye-aye, and allied species.
Lena	A procuress.
Lent	of Lend
Lending	of Lend
Lend	To allow the custody and use of, on condition of the return of the same; to grant the temporary use of; as, to lend a book; -- opposed to borrow.
Lend	To allow the possession and use of, on condition of the return of an equivalent in kind; as, to lend money or some article of food.
Lend	To afford; to grant or furnish in general; as, to lend assistance; to lend one's name or influence.
Lend	To let for hire or compensation; as, to lend a horse or gig.
Lendable	Such as can be lent.
Lender	One who lends.
Lendes	See Lends.
Lending	The act of one who lends.
Lending	That which is lent or furnished.
Lends	Loins.
Lene	To lend; to grant; to permit.
Lene	Smooth; as, the lene breathing.
Lene	Applied to certain mute consonants, as p, k, and t (or Gr. /, /, /).
Lene	The smooth breathing (spiritus lenis).
Lene	Any one of the lene consonants, as p, k, or t (or Gr. /, /, /).
Lenger	Alt. of Lengest
Lengest	Longer; longest; -- obsolete compar. and superl. of long.
Length	The longest, or longer, dimension of any object, in distinction from breadth or width; extent of anything from end to end; the longest line which can be drawn through a body, parallel to its sides; as, the length of a church, or of a ship; the length of a rope or line.
Length	A portion of space or of time considered as measured by its length; -- often in the plural.
Length	The quality or state of being long, in space or time; extent; duration; as, some sea birds are remarkable for the length of their wings; he was tired by the length of the sermon, and the length of his walk.
Length	A single piece or subdivision of a series, or of a number of long pieces which may be connected together; as, a length of pipe; a length of fence.
Length	Detail or amplification; unfolding; continuance as, to pursue a subject to a great length.
Length	Distance.
Length	To lengthen.
Lengthened	of Lengthen
Lengthening	of Lengthen
Lengthen	To extent in length; to make longer in extent or duration; as, to lengthen a line or a road; to lengthen life; -- sometimes followed by out.
Lengthen	To become longer.
Lengthful	Long.
Lengthily	In a lengthy manner; at great length or extent.
Lengthiness	The state or quality of being lengthy; prolixity.
Lengthways	Alt. of Lengthwise
Lengthwise	In the direction of the length; in a longitudinal direction.
Lengthy	Having length; rather long or too long; prolix; not brief; -- said chiefly of discourses, writings, and the like.
Lenience	Alt. of Leniency
Leniency	The quality or state of being lenient; lenity; clemency.
Lenient	Relaxing; emollient; softening; assuasive; -- sometimes followed by of.
Lenient	Mild; clement; merciful; not rigorous or severe; as, a lenient disposition; a lenient judge or sentence.
Lenient	A lenitive; an emollient.
Leniently	In a lenient manner.
Lenify	To assuage; to soften; to mitigate; to alleviate.
Leniment	An assuasive.
Lenitive	Having the quality of softening or mitigating, as pain or acrimony; assuasive; emollient.
Lenitive	A medicine or application that has the quality of easing pain or protecting from the action of irritants.
Lenitive	A mild purgative; a laxative.
Lenitive	That which softens or mitigates; that which tends to allay passion, excitement, or pain; a palliative.
Lenitiveness	The quality of being lenitive.
Lenitude	The quality or habit of being lenient; lenity.
Lenity	The state or quality of being lenient; mildness of temper or disposition; gentleness of treatment; softness; tenderness; clemency; -- opposed to severity and rigor.
Lenni-Lenape	A general name for a group of Algonquin tribes which formerly occupied the coast region of North America from Connecticut to Virginia. They included the Mohicans, Delawares, Shawnees, and several other tribes.
Leno	A light open cotton fabric used for window curtains.
Lenocinant	Given to lewdness.
Lenses	of Lens
Lens	A piece of glass, or other transparent substance, ground with two opposite regular surfaces, either both curved, or one curved and the other plane, and commonly used, either singly or combined, in optical instruments, for changing the direction of rays of light, and thus magnifying objects, or otherwise modifying vision. In practice, the curved surfaces are usually spherical, though rarely cylindrical, or of some other figure.
Lent	imp. & p. p. of Lend.
Lent	A fast of forty days, beginning with Ash Wednesday and continuing till Easter, observed by some Christian churches as commemorative of the fast of our Savior.
Lent	Slow; mild; gentle; as, lenter heats.
Lent	See Lento.
Lentamente	Slowly; in slow time.
Lentando	Slackening; retarding. Same as Rallentando.
Lenten	Lent.
Lenten	Of or pertaining to the fast called Lent; used in, or suitable to, Lent; as, the Lenten season.
Lenten	Spare; meager; plain; somber; unostentatious; not abundant or showy.
Lententide	The season of Lenten or Lent.
Lenticel	One of the small, oval, rounded spots upon the stem or branch of a plant, from which the underlying tissues may protrude or roots may issue, either in the air, or more commonly when the stem or branch is covered with water or earth.
Lenticel	A small, lens-shaped gland on the under side of some leaves.
Lenticellate	Producing lenticels; dotted with lenticels.
Lenticelle	Lenticel.
Lenticulas	of Lenticula
Lenticulae	of Lenticula
Lenticula	A kind of eruption upon the skin; lentigo; freckle.
Lenticula	A lens of small size.
Lenticula	A lenticel.
Lenticular	Resembling a lentil in size or form; having the form of a double-convex lens.
Lenticularly	In the manner of a lens; with a curve.
Lentiform	Lenticular.
Lentiginose	Bearing numerous dots resembling freckles.
Lentiginous	Of or pertaining to lentigo; freckly; scurfy; furfuraceous.
Lentigo	A freckly eruption on the skin; freckles.
Lentil	A leguminous plant of the genus Ervum (Ervum Lens), of small size, common in the fields in Europe. Also, its seed, which is used for food on the continent.
Lentiscus	Alt. of Lentisk
Lentisk	A tree; the mastic. See Mastic.
Lentitude	Slowness; sluggishness.
Lento	Slow; in slow time; slowly; -- rarely written lente.
Lentoid	Having the form of a lens; lens-shaped.
Lentor	Tenacity; viscidity, as of fluids.
Lentor	Slowness; delay; sluggishness.
Lentous	Viscid; viscous; tenacious.
L'envoi	Alt. of L'envoy
L'envoy	One or more detached verses at the end of a literary composition, serving to convey the moral, or to address the poem to a particular person; -- orig. employed in old French poetry.
L'envoy	A conclusion; a result.
Leo	The Lion, the fifth sign of the zodiac, marked thus [/] in almanacs.
Leo	A northern constellation east of Cancer, containing the bright star Regulus at the end of the handle of the Sickle.
Leod	People; a nation; a man.
Leon	A lion.
Leonced	See Lionced.
Leonese	Of or pertaining to Leon, in Spain.
Leonese	A native or natives of Leon.
Leonid	One of the shooting stars which constitute the star shower that recurs near the fourteenth of November at intervals of about thirty-three years; -- so called because these shooting stars appear on the heavens to move in lines directed from the constellation Leo.
Leonine	Pertaining to, or characteristic of, the lion; as, a leonine look; leonine rapacity.
Leontodon	A genus of liguliflorous composite plants, including the fall dandelion (L. autumnale), and formerly the true dandelion; -- called also lion's tooth.
Leopard	A large, savage, carnivorous mammal (Felis leopardus). It is of a yellow or fawn color, with rings or roselike clusters of black spots along the back and sides. It is found in Southern Asia and Africa. By some the panther (Felis pardus) is regarded as a variety of leopard.
Leopard's bane	A name of several harmless plants, as Arnica montana, Senecio Doronicum, and Paris quadrifolia.
Leopardwood	See Letterwood.
Lep	of Leap. Leaped.
Lepadite	Same as Lepadoid.
Lepadoid	A stalked barnacle of the genus Lepas, or family Lepadidae; a goose barnacle. Also used adjectively.
Lepal	A sterile transformed stamen.
Lepas	Any one of various species of Lepas, a genus of pedunculated barnacles found attached to floating timber, bottoms of ships, Gulf weed, etc.; -- called also goose barnacle. See Barnacle.
Leper	A person affected with leprosy.
Lepered	Affected or tainted with leprosy.
Leperize	To affect with leprosy.
Leperous	Leprous; infectious; corrupting; poisonous.
Lepid	Pleasant; jocose.
Lepidine	An organic base, C9H6.N.CH3, metameric with quinaldine, and obtained by the distillation of cinchonine.
Lepidodendrid	One of an extinct family of trees allied to the modern club mosses, and including Lepidodendron and its allies.
Lepidodendroid	Allied to, or resembling, Lepidodendron.
Lepidodendroid	A lepidodendrid.
Lepidodendron	A genus of fossil trees of the Devonian and Carboniferous ages, having the exterior marked with scars, mostly in quincunx order, produced by the separation of the leafstalks.
Lepidoganoid	Any one of a division (Lepidoganoidei) of ganoid fishes, including those that have scales forming a coat of mail. Also used adjectively.
Lepidolite	A species of mica, of a lilac or rose-violet color, containing lithia. It usually occurs in masses consisting of small scales. See Mica.
Lepidomelane	An iron-potash mica, of a raven-black color, usually found in granitic rocks in small six-sided tables, or as an aggregation of minute opaque scales. See Mica.
Lepidopter	One of the Lepidoptera.
Lepidoptera	An order of insects, which includes the butterflies and moths. They have broad wings, covered with minute overlapping scales, usually brightly colored.
Lepidopteral	Alt. of Lepidopterous
Lepidopterous	Of or pertaining to the Lepidoptera.
Lepidopterist	One who studies the Lepidoptera.
Lepidosauria	A division of reptiles, including the serpents and lizards; the Plagiotremata.
Lepidosiren	An eel-shaped ganoid fish of the order Dipnoi, having both gills and lungs. It inhabits the rivers of South America. The name is also applied to a related African species (Protopterus annectens). The lepidosirens grow to a length of from four to six feet. Called also doko.
Lepidote	Alt. of Lepidoted
Lepidoted	Having a coat of scurfy scales, as the leaves of the oleaster.
Lepisma	A genus of wingless thysanurous insects having an elongated flattened body, covered with shining scales and terminated by seven unequal bristles. A common species (Lepisma saccharina) is found in houses, and often injures books and furniture. Called also shiner, silver witch, silver moth, and furniture bug.
Lepismoid	Like or pertaining to the Lepisma.
Leporine	Of or pertaining to a hare; like or characteristic of, a hare.
Lepra	Leprosy.
Lepre	Leprosy.
Leprose	Covered with thin, scurfy scales.
Leprosity	The state or quality of being leprous or scaly; also, a scale.
Leprosy	A cutaneous disease which first appears as blebs or as reddish, shining, slightly prominent spots, with spreading edges. These are often followed by an eruption of dark or yellowish prominent nodules, frequently producing great deformity. In one variety of the disease, anaesthesia of the skin is a prominent symptom. In addition there may be wasting of the muscles, falling out of the hair and nails, and distortion of the hands and feet with destruction of the bones and joints. It is incurable, and is probably contagious.
Leprous	Infected with leprosy; pertaining to or resembling leprosy.
Leprous	Leprose.
Lepry	Leprosy.
Leptiform	Having a form somewhat like leptus; -- said of active insect larvae having three pairs of legs. See Larva.
Leptocardia	The lowest class of Vertebrata, including only the Amphioxus. The heart is represented only by a simple pulsating vessel. The blood is colorless; the brain, renal organs, and limbs are wanting, and the backbone is represented only by a simple, unsegmented notochord. See Amphioxus.
Leptocardian	Of or pertaining to the Leptocardia.
Leptocardian	One of the Leptocardia.
Leptodactyl	A bird or other animal having slender toes.
Leptodactylous	Having slender toes.
Leptology	A minute and tedious discourse on trifling things.
Leptomeningitis	Inflammation of the pia mater or of the arachnoid membrane.
Leptorhine	Having the nose narrow; -- said esp. of the skull. Opposed to platyrhine.
Leptostraca	An order of Crustacea, including Nebalia and allied forms.
Leptothrix	A genus of bacteria, characterized by having their filaments very long, slender, and indistinctly articulated.
Leptothrix	Having the form of a little chain; -- applied to bacteria when, as in multiplication by fission, they form a chain of filiform individuals.
Leptus	The six-legged young, or larva, of certain mites; -- sometimes used as a generic name. See Harvest mite, under Harvest.
Leptynite	See Granulite.
Lere	Learning; lesson; lore.
Lere	To learn; to teach.
Lere	Empty.
Lere	Flesh; skin.
Lered	Learned.
Lernaea	A Linnaean genus of parasitic Entomostraca, -- the same as the family Lernaeidae.
Lernaeacea	A suborder of copepod Crustacea, including a large number of remarkable forms, mostly parasitic on fishes. The young, however, are active and swim freely. See Illustration in Appendix.
Lernean	One of a family (Lernaeidae) of parasitic Crustacea found attached to fishes and other marine animals. Some species penetrate the skin and flesh with the elongated head, and feed on the viscera. See Illust. in Appendix.
Lerot	A small European rodent (Eliomys nitela), allied to the dormouse.
Les	A leash.
Lesbian	Of or pertaining to the island anciently called Lesbos, now Mitylene, in the Grecian Archipelago.
Lese	To lose.
Lese-majesty	See Leze majesty.
Lesion	A hurt; an injury.
Lesion	Loss sustained from failure to fulfill a bargain or contract.
Lesion	Any morbid change in the exercise of functions or the texture of organs.
-less	A privative adjective suffix, denoting without, destitute of, not having; as witless, childless, fatherless.
Less	Unless.
Less	Smaller; not so large or great; not so much; shorter; inferior; as, a less quantity or number; a horse of less size or value; in less time than before.
Less	Not so much; in a smaller or lower degree; as, less bright or loud; less beautiful.
Less	A smaller portion or quantity.
Less	The inferior, younger, or smaller.
Less	To make less; to lessen.
Lessee	The person to whom a lease is given, or who takes an estate by lease.
Lessened	of Lessen
Lessening	of Lessen
Lessen	To make less; to reduce; to make smaller, or fewer; to diminish; to lower; to degrade; as, to lessen a kingdom, or a population; to lessen speed, rank, fortune.
Lessen	To become less; to shrink; to contract; to decrease; to be diminished; as, the apparent magnitude of objects lessens as we recede from them; his care, or his wealth, lessened.
Lessener	One who, or that which, lessens.
Lesser	Less; smaller; inferior.
Lesser	Less.
Lesses	The leavings or dung of beasts.
Lesson	Anything read or recited to a teacher by a pupil or learner; something, as a portion of a book, assigned to a pupil to be studied or learned at one time.
Lesson	That which is learned or taught by an express effort; instruction derived from precept, experience, observation, or deduction; a precept; a doctrine; as, to take or give a lesson in drawing.
Lesson	A portion of Scripture read in divine service for instruction; as, here endeth the first lesson.
Lesson	A severe lecture; reproof; rebuke; warning.
Lesson	 An exercise; a composition serving an educational purpose; a study.
Lessoned	of Lesson
Lessoning	of Lesson
Lesson	To teach; to instruct.
Lessor	One who leases; the person who lets to farm, or gives a lease.
Lest	To listen.
Lest	Lust; desire; pleasure.
Lest	Last; least.
Lest	For fear that; that . . . not; in order that . . . not.
Lest	That (without the negative particle); -- after certain expressions denoting fear or apprehension.
-let	A noun suffix having a diminutive force; as in streamlet, wavelet, armlet.
Let	To retard; to hinder; to impede; to oppose.
Let	A retarding; hindrance; obstacle; impediment; delay; -- common in the phrase without let or hindrance, but elsewhere archaic.
Let	A stroke in which a ball touches the top of the net in passing over.
Let	of Let
Letted	of Let
Letting	of Let
Let	To leave; to relinquish; to abandon.
Let	To consider; to think; to esteem.
Let	To cause; to make; -- used with the infinitive in the active form but in the passive sense; as, let make, i. e., cause to be made; let bring, i. e., cause to be brought.
Let	To permit; to allow; to suffer; -- either affirmatively, by positive act, or negatively, by neglecting to restrain or prevent.
Let	To allow to be used or occupied for a compensation; to lease; to rent; to hire out; -- often with out; as, to let a farm; to let a house; to let out horses.
Let	To give, grant, or assign, as a work, privilege, or contract; -- often with out; as, to let the building of a bridge; to let out the lathing and the plastering.
Let	To forbear.
Let	To be let or leased; as, the farm lets for $500 a year. See note under Let, v. t.
Let-alone	Letting alone.
Letch	See Leach.
Letch	Strong desire; passion. (Archaic).
Letchy	See Leachy.
Lete	To let; to leave.
Leten	p. p. of Lete.
Lethal	One of the higher alcohols of the paraffine series obtained from spermaceti as a white crystalline solid. It is so called because it occurs in the ethereal salt of lauric acid.
Lethal	Deadly; mortal; fatal.
Lethality	The quality of being lethal; mortality.
Lethargic	Alt. of Lethargical
Lethargical	Pertaining to, affected with, or resembling, lethargy; morbidly drowsy; dull; heavy.
Lethargized	of Lethargize
Lethargizing	of Lethargize
Lethargize	To make lethargic.
-gies	of Lethargy
Lethargy	Morbid drowsiness; continued or profound sleep, from which a person can scarcely be awaked.
Lethargy	A state of inaction or indifference.
Lethargy	To lethargize.
Lethe	Death.
Lethe	A river of Hades whose waters when drunk caused forgetfulness of the past.
Lethe	Oblivion; a draught of oblivion; forgetfulness.
Lethean	Of or pertaining to Lethe; resembling in effect the water of Lethe.
Letheed	Caused by Lethe.
Letheon	Sulphuric ether used as an anaesthetic agent.
Letheonize	To subject to the influence of letheon.
Lethiferous	Deadly; bringing death or destruction.
Lethy	Lethean.
Let-off	A device for letting off, releasing, or giving forth, as the warp from the cylinder of a loom.
Letted	of Lette
Lette	To let; to hinder. See Let, to hinder.
Letter	One who lets or permits; one who lets anything for hire.
Letter	One who retards or hinders.
Letter	A mark or character used as the representative of a sound, or of an articulation of the human organs of speech; a first element of written language.
Letter	A written or printed communication; a message expressed in intelligible characters on something adapted to conveyance, as paper, parchment, etc.; an epistle.
Letter	A writing; an inscription.
Letter	Verbal expression; literal statement or meaning; exact signification or requirement.
Letter	A single type; type, collectively; a style of type.
Letter	Learning; erudition; as, a man of letters.
Letter	A letter; an epistle.
Lettered	of Letter
Lettering	of Letter
Letter	To impress with letters; to mark with letters or words; as, a book gilt and lettered.
Lettered	Literate; educated; versed in literature.
Lettered	Of or pertaining to learning or literature; learned.
Lettered	Inscribed or stamped with letters.
Letterer	One who makes, inscribes, or engraves, alphabetical letters.
Lettering	The act or business of making, or marking with, letters, as by cutting or painting.
Lettering	The letters made; as, the lettering of a sign.
Letterless	Not having a letter.
Letterless	Illiterate.
Lettern	See Lecturn.
Letterpress	Print; letters and words impressed on paper or other material by types; -- often used of the reading matter in distinction from the illustrations.
Letterure	Letters; literature.
Letterwood	The beautiful and highly elastic wood of a tree of the genus Brosimum (B. Aubletii), found in Guiana; -- so called from black spots in it which bear some resemblance to hieroglyphics; also called snakewood, and leopardwood. It is much used for bows and for walking sticks.
Lettic	Of or pertaining to the Letts; Lettish.
Lettic	Of or pertaining to a branch of the Slavic family, subdivided into Lettish, Lithuanian, and Old Prussian.
Lettic	The language of the Letts; Lettish.
Lettic	The language of the Lettic race, including Lettish, Lithuanian, and Old Prussian.
Lettish	Of or pertaining to the Letts.
Lettish	The language spoken by the Letts. See Lettic.
Lettrure	See Letterure.
Letts	An Indo-European people, allied to the Lithuanians and Old Prussians, and inhabiting a part of the Baltic provinces of Russia.
Lettuce	A composite plant of the genus Lactuca (L. sativa), the leaves of which are used as salad. Plants of this genus yield a milky juice, from which lactucarium is obtained. The commonest wild lettuce of the United States is L. Canadensis.
Letuary	Electuary.
Let-up	Abatement; also, cessation; as, it blew a gale for three days without any let-up.
Leuc-	Same as Leuco-.
Leucadendron	A genus of evergreen shrubs from the Cape of Good Hope, having handsome foliage. Leucadendron argenteum is the silverboom of the colonists.
Leucaniline	A colorless, crystalline, organic base, obtained from rosaniline by reduction, and also from other sources. It forms colorless salts.
Leuchaemia	See Leucocythaemia.
Leucic	Alt. of Leucinic
Leucinic	Pertaining to, or designating, an acid obtained from leucin, and called also oxycaproic acid.
Leucin	A white, crystalline, nitrogenous substance formed in the decomposition of albuminous matter by pancreatic digestion, by the action of boiling dilute sulphuric acid, and by putrefaction. It is also found as a constituent of various tissues and organs, as the spleen, pancreas, etc., and likewise in the vegetable kingdom. Chemically it is to be considered as amido-caproic acid.
Leucite	A mineral having a glassy fracture, occurring in translucent trapezohedral crystals. It is a silicate of alumina and potash. It is found in the volcanic rocks of Italy, especially at Vesuvius.
Leucite	A leucoplast.
Leucitic	Containing leucite; as, leucitic rocks.
Leucitoid	The trapezohedron or tetragonal trisoctahedron; -- so called as being the form of the mineral leucite.
Leuco-	Alt. of Leuc-
Leuc-	A combining form signifying white, colorless; specif. (Chem.), denoting an extensive series of colorless organic compounds, obtained by reduction from certain other colored compounds; as, leucaniline, leucaurin, etc.
Leucocyte	A colorless corpuscle, as one of the white blood corpuscles, or those found in lymph, marrow of bone, connective tissue, etc.
Leucocythaemia	Alt. of Leucocythemia
Leucocythemia	A disease in which the white corpuscles of the blood are largely increased in number, and there is enlargement of the spleen, or the lymphatic glands; leuchaemia.
Leucocytogenesis	The formation of leucocytes.
Leucoethiopic	White and black; -- said of a white animal of a black species, or the albino of the negro race.
Leucoethiops	An albino.
Leucoline	A nitrogenous organic base from coal tar, and identical with quinoline. Cf. Quinoline.
Leucoma	A white opacity in the cornea of the eye; -- called also albugo.
Leucomaine	An animal base or alkaloid, appearing in the tissue during life; hence, a vital alkaloid, as distinguished from a ptomaine or cadaveric poison.
Leuconic	Pertaining to, or designating, a complex organic acid, obtained as a yellowish white gum by the oxidation of croconic acid.
Leucopathy	The state of an albino, or of a white child of black parents.
Leucophane	A mineral of a greenish yellow color; it is a silicate of glucina, lime, and soda with fluorine. Called also leucophanite.
Leucophlegmacy	A dropsical habit of body, or the commencement of anasarca; paleness, with viscid juices and cold sweats.
Leucophlegmatic	Having a dropsical habit of body, with a white bloated skin.
Leucophyll	A colorless substance isomeric with chlorophyll, contained in parts of plants capable of becoming green.
Leucophyllous	Having white or silvery foliage.
Leucoplast	Alt. of Leucoplastid
Leucoplastid	One of certain very minute whitish or colorless granules occurring in the protoplasm of plants and supposed to be the nuclei around which starch granules will form.
Leucopyrite	A mineral of a color between white and steel-gray, with a metallic luster, and consisting chiefly of arsenic and iron.
Leucorrhoea	A discharge of a white, yellowish, or greenish, viscid mucus, resulting from inflammation or irritation of the membrane lining the genital organs of the female; the whites.
Leucoryx	A large antelope of North Africa (Oryx leucoryx), allied to the gemsbok.
Leucoscope	An instrument, devised by Professor Helmholtz, for testing the color perception of the eye, or for comparing different lights, as to their constituent colors or their relative whiteness.
Leucosoid	Like or pertaining to the Leucosoidea, a tribe of marine crabs including the box crab or Calappa.
Leucosphere	The inner corona.
Leucoturic	Pertaining to, or designating, a nitrogenous organic substance of the uric acid group, called leucoturic acid or oxalantin. See Oxalantin.
Leucous	White; -- applied to albinos, from the whiteness of their skin and hair.
Leucoxene	A nearly opaque white mineral, in part identical with titanite, observed in some igneous rocks as the result of the alteration of titanic iron.
Leukaemia	Leucocythaemia.
Leuke	Alt. of Leukeness
Leukeness	See Luke, etc.
Leukoplast	See Leucoplast.
Levana	A goddess who protected newborn infants.
Levant	Rising or having risen from rest; -- said of cattle. See Couchant and levant, under Couchant.
Levant	The countries washed by the eastern part of the Mediterranean and its contiguous waters.
Levant	A levanter (the wind so called).
Levant	Eastern.
Levant	To run away from one's debts; to decamp.
Levanter	One who levants, or decamps.
Levanter	A strong easterly wind peculiar to the Mediterranean.
Levantine	Of or pertaining to the Levant.
Levantine	A native or inhabitant of the Levant.
Levantine	A stout twilled silk fabric, formerly made in the Levant.
Levari facias	A writ of execution at common law.
Levation	The act of raising; elevation; upward motion, as that produced by the action of a levator muscle.
Levator	A muscle that serves to raise some part, as the lip or the eyelid.
Levator	A surgical instrument used to raise a depressed part of the skull.
Leve	Dear. See Lief.
Leve	Same as 3d & 4th Leave.
Leve	To live.
Leve	To believe.
Leve	To grant; -- used esp. in exclamations or prayers followed by a dependent clause.
Levee	The act of rising.
Levee	A morning assembly or reception of visitors, -- in distinction from a soiree, or evening assembly; a matinee; hence, also, any general or somewhat miscellaneous gathering of guests, whether in the daytime or evening; as, the president's levee.
Levee	To attend the levee or levees of.
Levee	An embankment to prevent inundation; as, the levees along the Mississippi; sometimes, the steep bank of a river.
Levee	To keep within a channel by means of levees; as, to levee a river.
Levee en masse	See Levy in mass, under Levy, n.
Leveful	Allowable; permissible; lawful.
Level	A line or surface to which, at every point, a vertical or plumb line is perpendicular; a line or surface which is everywhere parallel to the surface of still water; -- this is the true level, and is a curve or surface in which all points are equally distant from the center of the earth, or rather would be so if the earth were an exact sphere.
Level	A horizontal line or plane; that is, a straight line or a plane which is tangent to a true level at a given point and hence parallel to the horizon at that point; -- this is the apparent level at the given point.
Level	An approximately horizontal line or surface at a certain degree of altitude, or distance from the center of the earth; as, to climb from the level of the coast to the level of the plateau and then descend to the level of the valley or of the sea.
Level	Hence, figuratively, a certain position, rank, standard, degree, quality, character, etc., conceived of as in one of several planes of different elevation.
Level	A uniform or average height; a normal plane or altitude; a condition conformable to natural law or which will secure a level surface; as, moving fluids seek a level.
Level	An instrument by which to find a horizontal line, or adjust something with reference to a horizontal line.
Level	A measurement of the difference of altitude of two points, by means of a level; as, to take a level.
Level	A horizontal passage, drift, or adit, in a mine.
Level	Even; flat; having no part higher than another; having, or conforming to, the curvature which belongs to the undisturbed liquid parts of the earth's surface; as, a level field; level ground; the level surface of a pond or lake.
Level	Coinciding or parallel with the plane of the horizon; horizontal; as, the telescope is now level.
Level	Even with anything else; of the same height; on the same line or plane; on the same footing; of equal importance; -- followed by with, sometimes by to.
Level	Straightforward; direct; clear; open.
Level	Well balanced; even; just; steady; impartial; as, a level head; a level understanding. [Colloq.] 
Level	Of even tone; without rising or falling inflection.
Leveled	of Level
Levelled	of Level
Leveling	of Level
Levelling	of Level
Level	To make level; to make horizontal; to bring to the condition of a level line or surface; hence, to make flat or even; as, to level a road, a walk, or a garden.
Level	To bring to a lower level; to overthrow; to topple down; to reduce to a flat surface; to lower.
Level	To bring to a horizontal position, as a gun; hence, to point in taking aim; to aim; to direct.
Level	Figuratively, to bring to a common level or plane, in respect of rank, condition, character, privilege, etc.; as, to level all the ranks and conditions of men.
Level	To adjust or adapt to a certain level; as, to level remarks to the capacity of children.
Level	To be level; to be on a level with, or on an equality with, something; hence, to accord; to agree; to suit.
Level	To aim a gun, spear, etc., horizontally; hence, to aim or point a weapon in direct line with the mark; fig., to direct the eye, mind, or effort, directly to an object.
Leveler	One who, or that which, levels.
Leveler	One who would remove social inequalities or distinctions; a socialist.
Leveling	The act or operation of making level.
Leveling	The art or operation of using a leveling instrument for finding a horizontal line, for ascertaining the differences of level between different points of the earth's surface included in a survey, for establishing grades, etc., as in finding the descent of a river, or locating a line of railroad.
Levelism	The disposition or endeavor to level all distinctions of rank in society.
Levelly	In an even or level manner.
Levelness	The state or quality of being level.
Leven	Lightning.
Lever	More agreeable; more pleasing.
Lever	Rather.
Lever	A rigid piece which is capable of turning about one point, or axis (the fulcrum), and in which are two or more other points where forces are applied; -- used for transmitting and modifying force and motion. Specif., a bar of metal, wood, or other rigid substance, used to exert a pressure, or sustain a weight, at one point of its length, by receiving a force or power at a second, and turning at a third on a fixed point called a fulcrum. It is usually named as the first of the six mechanical powers, and is of three kinds, according as either the fulcrum F, the weight W, or the power P, respectively, is situated between the other two, as in the figures.
Lever	A bar, as a capstan bar, applied to a rotatory piece to turn it.
Lever	An arm on a rock shaft, to give motion to the shaft or to obtain motion from it.
Leverage	The action of a lever; mechanical advantage gained by the lever.
Leveret	A hare in the first year of its age.
Leverock	A lark.
Leverwood	The American hop hornbeam (Ostrya Virginica), a small tree with very tough wood.
Levesel	A leafy shelter; a place covered with foliage.
Levet	A trumpet call for rousing soldiers; a reveille.
Leviable	Fit to be levied; capable of being assessed and collected; as, sums leviable by course of law.
Leviathan	An aquatic animal, described in the book of Job, ch. xli., and mentioned in other passages of Scripture.
Leviathan	The whale, or a great whale.
Levier	One who levies.
Levigable	Capable of being levigated.
Levigate	Made less harsh or burdensome; alleviated.
Levigated	of Levigate
Levigating	of Levigate
Levigate	To make smooth in various senses
Levigate	To free from grit; to reduce to an impalpable powder or paste.
Levigate	To mix thoroughly, as liquids or semiliquids.
Levigate	To polish.
Levigate	To make smooth in action.
Levigate	Technically, to make smooth by rubbing in a moist condition between hard surfaces, as in grinding pigments.
Levigate	Made smooth, as if polished.
Levigation	The act or operation of levigating.
Levin	Lightning.
Leviner	A swift hound.
Levir	A husband's brother; -- used in reference to levirate marriages.
Levirate	Alt. of Leviratical
Leviratical	Of, pertaining to, or in accordance with, a law of the ancient Israelites and other tribes and races, according to which a woman, whose husband died without issue, was married to the husband's brother.
Leviration	Levirate marriage or marriages.
Levirostres	A group of birds, including the hornbills, kingfishers, and related forms.
Levitate	To rise, or tend to rise, as if lighter than the surrounding medium; to become buoyant; -- opposed to gravitate.
Levitate	To make buoyant; to cause to float in the air; as, to levitate a table.
Levitation	Lightness; buoyancy; act of making light.
Levitation	The act or process of making buoyant.
Levite	One of the tribe or family of Levi; a descendant of Levi; esp., one subordinate to the priests (who were of the same tribe) and employed in various duties connected with the tabernacle first, and afterward the temple, such as the care of the building, bringing of wood and other necessaries for the sacrifices, the music of the services, etc.
Levite	A priest; -- so called in contempt or ridicule.
Levitical	Of or pertaining to a Levite or the Levites.
Levitical	Priestly.
Levitical	Of or pertaining to, or designating, the law contained in the book of Leviticus.
Levitically	After the manner of the Levites; in accordance with the levitical law.
Leviticus	The third canonical book of the Old Testament, containing the laws and regulations relating to the priests and Levites among the Hebrews, or the body of the ceremonial law.
Levity	The quality of weighing less than something else of equal bulk; relative lightness, especially as shown by rising through, or floating upon, a contiguous substance; buoyancy; -- opposed to gravity.
Levity	Lack of gravity and earnestness in deportment or character; trifling gayety; frivolity; sportiveness; vanity.
Levity	Lack of steadiness or constancy; disposition to change; fickleness; volatility.
Levo-	A prefix from L. laevus
Levo-	Pertaining to, or toward, the left; as, levorotatory.
Levo-	Turning the plane of polarized light to the left; as, levotartaric acid; levoracemic acid; levogyratory crystals, etc.
Levogyrate	Turning or twisting the plane of polarization towards the left, as levulose, levotartaric acid, etc.
Levorotatory	Turning or rotating the plane of polarization towards the left; levogyrate, as levulose, left-handed quartz crystals, etc.
Levulin	A substance resembling dextrin, obtained from the bulbs of the dahlia, the artichoke, and other sources, as a colorless, spongy, amorphous material. It is so called because by decomposition it yields levulose.
Levulinic	Pertaining to, or denoting, an acid (called also acetyl-propionic acid), C5H8O3, obtained by the action of dilute acids on various sugars (as levulose).
Levulosan	An unfermentable carbohydrate obtained by gently heating levulose.
Levulose	A sirupy variety of sugar, rarely obtained crystallized, occurring widely in honey, ripe fruits, etc., and hence called also fruit sugar. It is called levulose, because it rotates the plane of polarization to the left.
Levies	of Levy
Levy	A name formerly given in Pennsylvania, Maryland, and Virginia to the Spanish real of one eighth of a dollar (or 12/ cents), valued at eleven pence when the dollar was rated at 7s. 6d.
Levy	The act of levying or collecting by authority; as, the levy of troops, taxes, etc.
Levy	That which is levied, as an army, force, tribute, etc.
Levy	The taking or seizure of property on executions to satisfy judgments, or on warrants for the collection of taxes; a collecting by execution.
Levied	of Levy
Levying	of Levy
Levy	To raise, as a siege.
Levy	To raise; to collect; said of troops, to form into an army by enrollment, conscription, etc.
Levy	To raise or collect by assessment; to exact by authority; as, to levy taxes, toll, tribute, or contributions.
Levy	To gather or exact; as, to levy money.
Levy	To erect, build, or set up; to make or construct; to raise or cast up; as, to levy a mill, dike, ditch, a nuisance, etc.
Levy	To take or seize on execution; to collect by execution.
Levy	To seize property, real or personal, or subject it to the operation of an execution; to make a levy; as, to levy on property; the usual mode of levying, in England, is by seizing the goods.
Levyne	Alt. of Levynite
Levynite	A whitish, reddish, or yellowish, transparent or translucent mineral, allied to chabazite.
Lew	Lukewarm; tepid.
Lewd	Not clerical; laic; laical; hence, unlearned; simple.
Lewd	Belonging to the lower classes, or the rabble; idle and lawless; bad; vicious.
Lewd	Given to the promiscuous indulgence of lust; dissolute; lustful; libidinous.
Lewd	Suiting, or proceeding from, lustfulness; involving unlawful sexual desire; as, lewd thoughts, conduct, or language.
Lewdster	A lewd person.
Lewis	Alt. of Lewisson
Lewisson	An iron dovetailed tenon, made in sections, which can be fitted into a dovetail mortise; -- used in hoisting large stones, etc.
Lewisson	A kind of shears used in cropping woolen cloth.
Leges	of Lex
Lex	Law; as, lex talionis, the law of retaliation; lex terrae, the law of the land; lex fori, the law of the forum or court; lex loci, the law of the place; lex mercatoria, the law or custom of merchants.
Lexical	Of or pertaining to a lexicon, to lexicography, or words; according or conforming to a lexicon.
Lexicographer	The author or compiler of a lexicon or dictionary.
Lexicographic	Alt. of Lexicographical
Lexicographical	Of or pertaining to, or according to, lexicography.
Lexicographist	A lexicographer.
Lexicography	The art, process, or occupation of making a lexicon or dictionary; the principles which are applied in making dictionaries.
Lexicologist	One versed in lexicology.
Lexicology	The science of the derivation and signification of words; that branch of learning which treats of the signification and application of words.
Lexicon	A vocabulary, or book containing an alphabetical arrangement of the words in a language or of a considerable number of them, with the definition of each; a dictionary; especially, a dictionary of the Greek, Hebrew, or Latin language.
Lexiconist	A writer of a lexicon.
Lexigraphic	Of or pertaining to lexigraphy.
Lexigraphy	The art or practice of defining words; definition of words.
Lexiphanic	Using, or interlarded with, pretentious words; bombastic; as, a lexiphanic writer or speaker; lexiphanic writing.
Lexiphanicism	The use of pretentious words, language, or style.
Lexipharmic	See Alexipharmic.
Ley	To lay; to wager.
Ley	Law.
Ley	See Lye.
Ley	Grass or meadow land; a lea.
Ley	Fallow; unseeded.
Leyden jar	Alt. of Leyden phial
Leyden phial	A glass jar or bottle used to accumulate electricity. It is coated with tin foil, within and without, nearly to its top, and is surmounted by a brass knob which communicates with the inner coating, for the purpose of charging it with electricity. It is so named from having been invented in Leyden, Holland.
Leyser	Leisure.
Leze majesty	Any crime committed against the sovereign power.
Lherzolite	An igneous rock consisting largely of chrysolite, with pyroxene and picotite (a variety of spinel containing chromium).
Li	A Chinese measure of distance, being a little more than one third of a mile.
Li	A Chinese copper coin; a cash. See Cash.
Liabilities	of Liability
Liability	The state of being liable; as, the liability of an insurer; liability to accidents; liability to the law.
Liability	That which one is under obligation to pay, or for which one is liable.
Liability	the sum of one's pecuniary obligations; -- opposed to assets.
Liable	Bound or obliged in law or equity; responsible; answerable; as, the surety is liable for the debt of his principal.
Liable	Exposed to a certain contingency or casualty, more or less probable; -- with to and an infinitive or noun; as, liable to slip; liable to accident.
Liableness	Quality of being liable; liability.
Liage	Union by league; alliance.
Liaison	A union, or bond of union; an intimacy; especially, an illicit intimacy between a man and a woman.
Liane	Alt. of Liana
Liana	A luxuriant woody plant, climbing high trees and having ropelike stems. The grapevine often has the habit of a liane. Lianes are abundant in the forests of the Amazon region.
Liar	A person who knowingly utters falsehood; one who lies.
Liard	Gray.
Liard	A French copper coin of one fourth the value of a sou.
Lias	The lowest of the three divisions of the Jurassic period; a name given in England and Europe to a series of marine limestones underlying the Oolite. See the Chart of Geology.
Liassic	Of the age of the Lias; pertaining to the Lias formation.
Liassic	Same as Lias.
Lib	To castrate.
Libament	Libation.
Libant	Sipping; touching lightly.
Libation	The act of pouring a liquid or liquor, usually wine, either on the ground or on a victim in sacrifice, in honor of some deity; also, the wine or liquid thus poured out.
Libatory	Pertaining to libation.
Libbard	A leopard.
Libbard's bane	Leopard's bane.
Libel	A brief writing of any kind, esp. a declaration, bill, certificate, request, supplication, etc.
Libel	Any defamatory writing; a lampoon; a satire.
Libel	A malicious publication expressed either in print or in writing, or by pictures, effigies, or other signs, tending to expose another to public hatred, contempt, or ridicule. Such publication is indictable at common law.
Libel	The crime of issuing a malicious defamatory publication.
Libel	A written declaration or statement by the plaintiff of his cause of action, and of the relief he seeks.
Libeled	of Libel
Libelled	of Libel
Libeling	of Libel
Libelling	of Libel
Libel	To defame, or expose to public hatred, contempt, or ridicule, by a writing, picture, sign, etc.; to lampoon.
Libel	To proceed against by filing a libel, particularly against a ship or goods.
Libel	To spread defamation, written or printed; -- with against.
Libelant	One who libels; one who institutes a suit in an ecclesiastical or admiralty court.
Libeler	One who libels.
Libelist	A libeler.
Li bella	A small balance.
Li bella	A level, or leveling instrument.
Libellulid	A dragon fly.
Libelluloid	Like or pertaining to the dragon flies.
Libelous	Containing or involving a libel; defamatory; containing that which exposes some person to public hatred, contempt, or ridicule; as, a libelous pamphlet.
Liber	The inner bark of plants, lying next to the wood. It usually contains a large proportion of woody, fibrous cells, and is, therefore, the part from which the fiber of the plant is obtained, as that of hemp, etc.
Liberal	Free by birth; hence, befitting a freeman or gentleman; refined; noble; independent; free; not servile or mean; as, a liberal ancestry; a liberal spirit; liberal arts or studies.
Liberal	Bestowing in a large and noble way, as a freeman; generous; bounteous; open-handed; as, a liberal giver.
Liberal	Bestowed in a large way; hence, more than sufficient; abundant; bountiful; ample; profuse; as, a liberal gift; a liberal discharge of matter or of water.
Liberal	Not strict or rigorous; not confined or restricted to the literal sense; free; as, a liberal translation of a classic, or a liberal construction of law or of language.
Liberal	Not narrow or contracted in mind; not selfish; enlarged in spirit; catholic.
Liberal	Free to excess; regardless of law or moral restraint; licentious.
Liberal	Not bound by orthodox tenets or established forms in political or religious philosophy; independent in opinion; not conservative; friendly to great freedom in the constitution or administration of government; having tendency toward democratic or republican, as distinguished from monarchical or aristocratic, forms; as, liberal thinkers; liberal Christians; the Liberal party.
Liberal	One who favors greater freedom in political or religious matters; an opponent of the established systems; a reformer; in English politics, a member of the Liberal party, so called.  Cf. Whig.
Liberalism	Liberal principles; the principles and methods of the liberals in politics or religion; specifically, the principles of the Liberal party.
Liberalist	A liberal.
Liberalistic	Pertaining to, or characterized by, liberalism; as, liberalistic opinions.
Liberalities	of Liberality
Liberality	The quality or state of being liberal; liberal disposition or practice; freedom from narrowness or prejudice; generosity; candor; charity.
Liberality	A gift; a gratuity; -- sometimes in the plural; as, a prudent man is not impoverished by his liberalities.
Liberalization	The act of liberalizing.
Liberalized	of Liberalize
Liberalizing	of Liberalize
Liberalize	To make liberal; to free from narrow views or prejudices.
Liberalizer	One who, or that which, liberalizes.
Liberally	In a liberal manner.
Liberated	of Liberate
Liberating	of Liberate
Liberate	To release from restraint or bondage; to set at liberty; to free; to manumit; to disengage; as, to liberate a slave or prisoner; to liberate the mind from prejudice; to liberate gases.
Liberation	The act of liberating or the state of being liberated.
Liberator	One who, or that which, liberates; a deliverer.
Liberatory	Tending, or serving, to liberate.
Libertarian	Pertaining to liberty, or to the doctrine of free will, as opposed to the doctrine of necessity.
Libertarian	One who holds to the doctrine of free will.
Libertarianism	Libertarian principles or doctrines.
Liberticide	The destruction of civil liberty.
Liberticide	A destroyer of civil liberty.
Libertinage	Libertinism; license.
Libertine	A manumitted slave; a freedman; also, the son of a freedman.
Libertine	One of a sect of Anabaptists, in the fifteenth and early part of the sixteenth century, who rejected many of the customs and decencies of life, and advocated a community of goods and of women.
Libertine	One free from restraint; one who acts according to his impulses and desires; now, specifically, one who gives rein to lust; a rake; a debauchee.
Libertine	A defamatory name for a freethinker.
Libertine	Free from restraint; uncontrolled.
Libertine	Dissolute; licentious; profligate; loose in morals; as, libertine principles or manners.
Libertinism	The state of a libertine or freedman.
Libertinism	Licentious conduct; debauchery; lewdness.
Libertinism	Licentiousness of principle or opinion.
Liberties	of Liberty
Liberty	The state of a free person; exemption from subjection to the will of another claiming ownership of the person or services; freedom; -- opposed to slavery, serfdom, bondage, or subjection.
Liberty	Freedom from imprisonment, bonds, or other restraint upon locomotion.
Liberty	A privilege conferred by a superior power; permission granted; leave; as, liberty given to a child to play, or to a witness to leave a court, and the like.
Liberty	Privilege; exemption; franchise; immunity enjoyed by prescription or by grant; as, the liberties of the commercial cities of Europe.
Liberty	The place within which certain immunities are enjoyed, or jurisdiction is exercised.
Liberty	A certain amount of freedom; permission to go freely within certain limits; also, the place or limits within which such freedom is exercised; as, the liberties of a prison.
Liberty	A privilege or license in violation of the laws of etiquette or propriety; as, to permit, or take, a liberty.
Liberty	The power of choice; freedom from necessity; freedom from compulsion or constraint in willing.
Liberty	A curve or arch in a bit to afford room for the tongue of the horse.
Liberty	Leave of absence; permission to go on shore.
Libethenite	A mineral of an olive-green color, commonly in orthorhombic crystals. It is a hydrous phosphate of copper.
Libidinist	One given to lewdness.
Libidinosity	The state or quality of being libidinous; libidinousness.
Libidinous	Having lustful desires; characterized by lewdness; sensual; lascivious.
Libken	Alt. of Libkin
Libkin	A house or lodging.
Librae	of Libra
Libra	The Balance; the seventh sign in the zodiac, which the sun enters at the autumnal equinox in September, marked thus / in almanacs, etc.
Libra	A southern constellation between Virgo and Scorpio.
Libral	Of a pound weight.
Librarian	One who has the care or charge of a library.
Librarian	One who copies manuscript books.
Librarianship	The office of a librarian.
Libraries	of Library
Library	A considerable collection of books kept for use, and not as merchandise; as, a private library; a public library.
Library	A building or apartment appropriated for holding such a collection of books.
Librated	of Librate
Librating	of Librate
Librate	To vibrate as a balance does before resting in equilibrium; hence, to be poised.
Librate	To poise; to balance.
Libration	The act or state of librating.
Libration	A real or apparent libratory motion, like that of a balance before coming to rest.
Libration point	any one of five points in the plane of a system of two large astronomical bodies orbiting each other, as the Earth-moon system, where the gravitational pull of the two bodies on an object are approximately equal, and in opposite directions.  A solid object moving in the same velocity and direction as such a libration point will remain in gravitational equilibrium with the two bodies of the system and not fall toward either body.
Libratory	Balancing; moving like a balance, as it tends to an equipoise or level.
Librettist	One who makes a libretto.
Librettos	of Libretto
Libretti	of Libretto
Libretto	A book containing the words of an opera or extended piece of music.
Libretto	The words themselves.
Libriform	Having the form of liber, or resembling liber.
Libyan	Of or pertaining to Libya, the ancient name of that part of Africa between Egypt and the Atlantic Ocean, or of Africa as a whole.
Lice	pl. of Louse.
Licensable	That can be licensed.
License	Authority or liberty given to do or forbear any act; especially, a formal permission from the proper authorities to perform certain acts or to carry on a certain business, which without such permission would be illegal; a grant of permission; as, a license to preach, to practice medicine, to sell gunpowder or intoxicating liquors.
License	The document granting such permission.
License	Excess of liberty; freedom abused, or used in contempt of law or decorum; disregard of law or propriety.
License	That deviation from strict fact, form, or rule, in which an artist or writer indulges, assuming that it will be permitted for the sake of the advantage or effect gained; as, poetic license; grammatical license, etc.
Licensed	of License
Licensing	of License
License	To permit or authorize by license; to give license to; as, to license a man to preach.
Licensed	Having a license; permitted or authorized by license; as, a licensed victualer; a licensed traffic.
Licensee	The person to whom a license is given.
Licenser	One who gives a license; as, a licenser of the press.
Licensure	A licensing.
Licentiate	One who has a license to exercise a profession; as, a licentiate in medicine or theology.
Licentiate	A friar authorized to receive confessions and grant absolution in all places, independently of the local clergy.
Licentiate	One who acts without restraint, or takes a liberty, as if having a license therefor.
Licentiate	On the continent of Europe, a university degree intermediate between that of bachelor and that of doctor.
Licentiate	To give a license to.
Licentious	Characterized by license; passing due bounds; excessive; abusive of freedom; wantonly offensive; as, a licentious press.
Licentious	Unrestrained by law or morality; lawless; immoral; dissolute; lewd; lascivious; as, a licentious man; a licentious life.
Lich	Like.
Lich	A dead body; a corpse.
Lichen	One of a class of cellular, flowerless plants, (technically called Lichenes), having no distinction of leaf and stem, usually of scaly, expanded, frond-like forms, but sometimes erect or pendulous and variously branched. They derive their nourishment from the air, and generate by means of spores. The species are very widely distributed, and form irregular spots or patches, usually of a greenish or yellowish color, upon rocks, trees, and various bodies, to which they adhere with great tenacity. They are often improperly called rock moss or tree moss.
Lichen	A name given to several varieties of skin disease, esp. to one characterized by the eruption of small, conical or flat, reddish pimples, which, if unchecked, tend to spread and produce great and even fatal exhaustion.
Lichened	Belonging to, or covered with, lichens.
Lichenic	Of, pertaining to, or obtained from, lichens.
Licheniform	Having the form of a lichen.
Lichenin	A substance isomeric with starch, extracted from several species of moss and lichen, esp. from Iceland moss.
Lichenographic	Alt. of Lichenographical
Lichenographical	Of or pertaining to lichenography.
Lichenographist	One who describes lichens; one versed in lichenography.
Lichenography	A description of lichens; the science which illustrates the natural history of lichens.
Lichenologist	One versed in lichenology.
Lichenology	The science which treats of lichens.
Lichenous	Of, pertaining to, or resembling, lichens; abounding in lichens; covered with lichens.
Lichi	See Litchi.
Lichwale	The gromwell.
Lichwort	An herb, the wall pellitory. See Pellitory.
Licit	Lawful.
Licitation	The act of offering for sale to the highest bidder.
Licked	of Lick
Licking	of Lick
Lick	To draw or pass the tongue over; as, a dog licks his master's hand.
Lick	To lap; to take in with the tongue; as, a dog or cat licks milk.
Lick	A stroke of the tongue in licking.
Lick	A quick and careless application of anything, as if by a stroke of the tongue, or of something which acts like a tongue; as, to put on colors with a lick of the brush. Also, a small quantity of any substance so applied.
Lick	A place where salt is found on the surface of the earth, to which wild animals resort to lick it up; -- often, but not always, near salt springs.
Lick	To strike with repeated blows for punishment; to flog; to whip or conquer, as in a pugilistic encounter.
Lick	A slap; a quick stroke.
Licker	One who, or that which, licks.
Lickerish	Eager; craving; urged by desire; eager to taste or enjoy; greedy.
Lickerish	Tempting the appetite; dainty.
Lickerish	Lecherous; lustful.
Lickerous	Lickerish; eager; lustful.
Licking	A lapping with the tongue.
Licking	A flogging or castigation.
Lickpenny	A devourer or absorber of money.
Lick-spigot	A tapster.
Lick-spittle	An abject flatterer or parasite.
Licorice	A plant of the genus Glycyrrhiza (G. glabra), the root of which abounds with a sweet juice, and is much used in demulcent compositions.
Licorice	The inspissated juice of licorice root, used as a confection and for medicinal purposes.
Licorous	See Lickerish.
Licour	Liquor.
Lictor	An officer who bore an ax and fasces or rods, as ensigns of his office. His duty was to attend the chief magistrates when they appeared in public, to clear the way, and cause due respect to be paid to them, also to apprehend and punish criminals.
Lid	That which covers the opening of a vessel or box, etc.; a movable cover; as, the lid of a chest or trunk.
Lid	The cover of the eye; an eyelid.
Lid	The cover of the spore cases of mosses.
Lid	A calyx which separates from the flower, and falls off in a single piece, as in the Australian Eucalypti.
Lid	The top of an ovary which opens transversely, as in the fruit of the purslane and the tree which yields Brazil nuts.
Lidded	Covered with a lid.
Lidge	Same as Ledge.
Lidless	Having no lid, or not covered with the lids, as the eyes; hence, sleepless; watchful.
Lie	See Lye.
Lie	A falsehood uttered or acted for the purpose of deception; an intentional violation of truth; an untruth spoken with the intention to deceive.
Lie	A fiction; a fable; an untruth.
Lie	Anything which misleads or disappoints.
Lied	of Lie
Lying	of Lie
Lie	To utter falsehood with an intention to deceive; to say or do that which is intended to deceive another, when he a right to know the truth, or when morality requires a just representation.
Lay	of Lie
Lain	of Lie
Lien	of Lie
Lying	of Lie
Lie	To rest extended on the ground, a bed, or any support; to be, or to put one's self, in an horizontal position, or nearly so; to be prostate; to be stretched out; -- often with down, when predicated of living creatures; as, the book lies on the table; the snow lies on the roof; he lies in his coffin.
Lie	To be situated; to occupy a certain place; as, Ireland lies west of England; the meadows lie along the river; the ship lay in port.
Lie	To abide; to remain for a longer or shorter time; to be in a certain state or condition; as, to lie waste; to lie fallow; to lie open; to lie hid; to lie grieving; to lie under one's displeasure; to lie at the mercy of the waves; the paper does not lie smooth on the wall.
Lie	To be or exist; to belong or pertain; to have an abiding place; to consist; -- with in.
Lie	To lodge; to sleep.
Lie	To be still or quiet, like one lying down to rest.
Lie	To be sustainable; to be capable of being maintained.
Lie	The position or way in which anything lies; the lay, as of land or country.
Lieberkuhn	A concave metallic mirror attached to the object-glass end of a microscope, to throw down light on opaque objects; a reflector.
Lieberkuhn's glands	The simple tubular glands of the small intestines; -- called also crypts of Lieberkuhn.
Lieder	of Lied
Lied	A lay; a German song. It differs from the French chanson, and the Italian canzone, all three being national.
Liedertafel	A popular name for any society or club which meets for the practice of male part songs.
Lief	Same as Lif.
Lief	Dear; beloved.
Lief	Pleasing; agreeable; acceptable; preferable.
Lief	Willing; disposed.
Lief	A dear one; a sweetheart.
Lief	Gladly; willingly; freely; -- now used only in the phrases, had as lief, and would as lief; as, I had, or would, as lief go as not.
Liefsome	Pleasing; delightful.
Liegance	Same as Ligeance.
Liege	Sovereign; independent; having authority or right to allegiance; as, a liege lord.
Liege	Serving an independent sovereign or master; bound by a feudal tenure; obliged to be faithful and loyal to a superior, as a vassal to his lord; faithful; loyal; as, a liege man; a liege subject.
Liege	Full; perfect; complete; pure.
Liege	A free and independent person; specif., a lord paramount; a sovereign.
Liege	The subject of a sovereign or lord; a liegeman.
Liegemen	of Liegeman
Liegeman	Same as Liege, n., 2.
Lieger	A resident ambassador.
Liegiancy	See Ligeance.
Lien	of Lie. See Lain.
Lien	A legal claim; a charge upon real or personal property for the satisfaction of some debt or duty; a right in one to control or hold and retain the property of another until some claim of the former is paid or satisfied.
Lienal	Of or pertaining to the spleen; splenic.
Lienculi	of Lienculus
Lienculus	One of the small nodules sometimes found in the neighborhood of the spleen; an accessory or supplementary spleen.
Lieno-intestinal	Of or pertaining to the spleen and intestine; as, the lieno-intestinal vein of the frog.
Lienteric	Of or pertaining to, or of the nature of, a lientery.
Lienteric	A lientery.
Lientery	A diarrhea, in which the food is discharged imperfectly digested, or with but little change.
Lier	One who lies down; one who rests or remains, as in concealment.
Lierne rib	In Gothic vaulting, any rib which does not spring from the impost and is not a ridge rib, but passes from one boss or intersection of the principal ribs to another.
Lieu	Place; room; stead; -- used only in the phrase in lieu of, that is, instead of.
Lieutenancy	The office, rank, or commission, of a lieutenant.
Lieutenancy	The body of lieutenants or subordinates.
Lieutenant	An officer who supplies the place of a superior in his absence; a representative of, or substitute for, another in the performance of any duty.
Lieutenant	A commissioned officer in the army, next below a captain.
Lieutenant	A commissioned officer in the British navy, in rank next below a commander.
Lieutenant	A commissioned officer in the United States navy, in rank next below a lieutenant commander.
Lieutenant general	An army officer in rank next below a general and next above a major general.
Lieutenantry	See Lieutenancy.
Lieutenantship	Same as Lieutenancy, 1.
Lieve	Same as Lief.
Lif	The fiber by which the petioles of the date palm are bound together, from which various kinds of cordage are made.
Lives	of Life
Life	The state of being which begins with generation, birth, or germination, and ends with death; also, the time during which this state continues; that state of an animal or plant in which all or any of its organs are capable of performing all or any of their functions; -- used of all animal and vegetable organisms.
Life	Of human beings: The union of the soul and body; also, the duration of their union; sometimes, the deathless quality or existence of the soul; as, man is a creature having an immortal life.
Life	The potential principle, or force, by which the organs of animals and plants are started and continued in the performance of their several and cooperative functions; the vital force, whether regarded as physical or spiritual.
Life	Figuratively: The potential or animating principle, also, the period of duration, of anything that is conceived of as resembling a natural organism in structure or functions; as, the life of a state, a machine, or a book; authority is the life of government.
Life	A certain way or manner of living with respect to conditions, circumstances, character, conduct, occupation, etc.; hence, human affairs; also, lives, considered collectively, as a distinct class or type; as, low life; a good or evil life; the life of Indians, or of miners.
Life	Animation; spirit; vivacity; vigor; energy.
Life	That which imparts or excites spirit or vigor; that upon which enjoyment or success depends; as, he was the life of the company, or of the enterprise.
Life	The living or actual form, person, thing, or state; as, a picture or a description from the life.
Life	A person; a living being, usually a human being; as, many lives were sacrificed.
Life	The system of animal nature; animals in general, or considered collectively.
Life	An essential constituent of life, esp. the blood.
Life	A history of the acts and events of a life; a biography; as, Johnson wrote the life of Milton.
Life	Enjoyment in the right use of the powers; especially, a spiritual existence; happiness in the favor of God; heavenly felicity.
Life	Something dear to one as one's existence; a darling; -- used as a term of endearment.
Lifeblood	The blood necessary to life; vital blood.
Lifeblood	Fig.: That which gives strength and energy.
Lifeboat	A strong, buoyant boat especially designed for saving the lives of shipwrecked people.
Lifeful	Full of vitality.
Life-giving	Giving life or spirit; having power to give life; inspiriting; invigorating.
Lifehold	Land held by a life estate.
Lifeless	Destitute of life, or deprived of life; not containing, or inhabited by, living beings or vegetation; dead, or apparently dead; spiritless; powerless; dull; as, a lifeless carcass; lifeless matter; a lifeless desert; a lifeless wine; a lifeless story.
Lifelike	Like a living being; resembling life; giving an accurate representation; as, a lifelike portrait.
Lifelong	Lasting or continuing through life.
Lifely	In a lifelike manner.
Lifemate	Companion for life.
Lifen	To enliven.
Life-preserver	An apparatus, made in very various forms, and of various materials, for saving one from drowning by buoying up the body while in the water.
Life-saving	That saves life, or is suited to save life, esp. from drowning; as, the life-saving service; a life-saving station.
Life-size	Of full size; of the natural size.
Lifesome	Animated; sprightly.
Lifespring	Spring or source of life.
Lifestring	A nerve, or string, that is imagined to be essential to life.
Lifetime	The time that life continues.
Life-weary	Weary of living.
Liflode	Livelihood.
Lift	The sky; the atmosphere; the firmament.
Lifted	of Lift
Lifting	of Lift
Lift	To move in a direction opposite to that of gravitation; to raise; to elevate; to bring up from a lower place to a higher; to upheave; sometimes implying a continued support or holding in the higher place; -- said of material things; as, to lift the foot or the hand; to lift a chair or a burden.
Lift	To raise, elevate, exalt, improve, in rank, condition, estimation, character, etc.; -- often with up.
Lift	To bear; to support.
Lift	To collect, as moneys due; to raise.
Lift	To steal; to carry off by theft (esp. cattle); as, to lift a drove of cattle.
Lift	To try to raise something; to exert the strength for raising or bearing.
Lift	To rise; to become or appear raised or elevated; as, the fog lifts; the land lifts to a ship approaching it.
Lift	To live by theft.
Lift	Act of lifting; also, that which is lifted.
Lift	The space or distance through which anything is lifted; as, a long lift.
Lift	Help; assistance, as by lifting; as, to give one a lift in a wagon.
Lift	That by means of which a person or thing lifts or is lifted
Lift	A hoisting machine; an elevator; a dumb waiter.
Lift	A handle.
Lift	An exercising machine.
Lift	A rise; a degree of elevation; as, the lift of a lock in canals.
Lift	A lift gate. See Lift gate, below.
Lift	A rope leading from the masthead to the extremity of a yard below; -- used for raising or supporting the end of the yard.
Lift	One of the steps of a cone pulley.
Lift	A layer of leather in the heel.
Lift	That portion of the vibration of a balance during which the impulse is given.
Liftable	Such as can be lifted.
Lifter	One who, or that which, lifts.
Lifter	A tool for lifting loose sand from the mold; also, a contrivance attached to a cope, to hold the sand together when the cope is lifted.
Lifting	Used in, or for, or by, lifting.
Lig	To recline; to lie still.
Ligament	Anything that ties or unites one thing or part to another; a bandage; a bond.
Ligament	A tough band or plate of dense, fibrous, connective tissue or fibrocartilage serving to unite bones or form joints.
Ligament	A band of connective tissue, or a membranous fold, which supports or retains an organ in place; as, the gastrophrenic ligament, connecting the diaphragm and stomach.
Ligamental	Alt. of Ligamentous
Ligamentous	Composing a ligament; of the nature of a ligament; binding; as, a strong ligamentous membrane.
Ligan	Goods sunk in the sea, with a buoy attached in order that they may be found again. See Jetsam and Flotsam.
Ligate	To tie with a ligature; to bind around; to bandage.
Ligation	The act of binding, or the state of being bound.
Ligation	That which binds; bond; connection.
Ligator	An instrument for ligating, or for placing and fastening a ligature.
Ligature	The act of binding.
Ligature	Anything that binds; a band or bandage.
Ligature	A thread or string for tying the blood vessels, particularly the arteries, to prevent hemorrhage.
Ligature	A thread or wire used to remove tumors, etc.
Ligature	The state of being bound or stiffened; stiffness; as, the ligature of a joint.
Ligature	Impotence caused by magic or charms.
Ligature	A curve or line connecting notes; a slur.
Ligature	A double character, or a type consisting of two or more letters or characters united, as ae, /, /.
Ligature	To ligate; to tie.
Lige	To lie; to tell lies.
Ligeance	The connection between sovereign and subject by which they were mutually bound, the former to protection and the securing of justice, the latter to faithful service; allegiance.
Ligement	See Ledgment.
Ligge	To lie or recline.
Ligger	A baited line attached to a float, for night fishing. See Leger, a.
Ligger	See Ledger, 2.
Light	That agent, force, or action in nature by the operation of which upon the organs of sight, objects are rendered visible or luminous.
Light	That which furnishes, or is a source of, light, as the sun, a star, a candle, a lighthouse, etc.
Light	The time during which the light of the sun is visible; day; especially, the dawn of day.
Light	The brightness of the eye or eyes.
Light	The medium through which light is admitted, as a window, or window pane; a skylight; in architecture, one of the compartments of a window made by a mullion or mullions.
Light	Life; existence.
Light	Open view; a visible state or condition; public observation; publicity.
Light	The power of perception by vision.
Light	That which illumines or makes clear to the mind; mental or spiritual illumination; enlightenment; knowledge; information.
Light	Prosperity; happiness; joy; felicity.
Light	The manner in which the light strikes upon a picture; that part of a picture which represents those objects upon which the light is supposed to fall; the more illuminated part of a landscape or other scene; -- opposed to shade.  Cf. Chiaroscuro.
Light	Appearance due to the particular facts and circumstances presented to view; point of view; as, to state things fairly and put them in the right light.
Light	One who is conspicuous or noteworthy; a model or example; as, the lights of the age or of antiquity.
Light	A firework made by filling a case with a substance which burns brilliantly with a white or colored flame; as, a Bengal light.
Light	Having light; not dark or obscure; bright; clear; as, the apartment is light.
Light	White or whitish; not intense or very marked; not of a deep shade; moderately colored; as, a light color; a light brown; a light complexion.
Lighted	of Light
Lit	of Light
Lighting	of Light
Light	To set fire to; to cause to burn; to set burning; to ignite; to kindle; as, to light a candle or lamp; to light the gas; -- sometimes with up.
Light	To give light to; to illuminate; to fill with light; to spread over with light; -- often with up.
Light	To attend or conduct with a light; to show the way to by means of a light.
Light	To become ignited; to take fire; as, the match will not light.
Light	To be illuminated; to receive light; to brighten; -- with up; as, the room lights up very well.
Light	Having little, or comparatively little, weight; not tending to the center of gravity with force; not heavy.
Light	Not burdensome; easy to be lifted, borne, or carried by physical strength; as, a light burden, or load.
Light	Easy to be endured or performed; not severe; not difficult; as, a light affliction or task.
Light	Easy to be digested; not oppressive to the stomach; as, light food; also, containing little nutriment.
Light	Not heavily armed; armed with light weapons; as, light troops; a troop of light horse.
Light	Not encumbered; unembarrassed; clear of impediments; hence, active; nimble; swift.
Light	Not heavily burdened; not deeply laden; not sufficiently ballasted; as, the ship returned light.
Light	Slight; not important; as, a light error.
Light	Well leavened; not heavy; as, light bread.
Light	Not copious or heavy; not dense; not inconsiderable; as, a light rain; a light snow; light vapors.
Light	Not strong or violent; moderate; as, a light wind.
Light	Not pressing heavily or hard upon; hence, having an easy, graceful manner; delicate; as, a light touch; a light style of execution.
Light	Easy to admit influence; inconsiderate; easily influenced by trifling considerations; unsteady; unsettled; volatile; as, a light, vain person; a light mind.
Light	Indulging in, or inclined to, levity; wanting dignity or solemnity; trifling; gay; frivolous; airy; unsubstantial.
Light	Not quite sound or normal; somewhat impaired or deranged; dizzy; giddy.
Light	Easily bestowed; inconsiderately rendered.
Light	Wanton; unchaste; as, a woman of light character.
Light	Not of the legal, standard, or usual weight; clipped; diminished; as, light coin.
Light	Loose; sandy; easily pulverized; as, a light soil.
Light	Lightly; cheaply.
Light	To lighten; to ease of a burden; to take off.
Lighted	of Light
Lit	of Light
Lighting	of Light
Light	To dismount; to descend, as from a horse or carriage; to alight; -- with from, off, on, upon, at, in.
Light	To feel light; to be made happy.
Light	To descend from flight, and rest, perch, or settle, as a bird or insect.
Light	To come down suddenly and forcibly; to fall; -- with on or upon.
Light	To come by chance; to happen; -- with on or upon; formerly with into.
Lightable	Such as can be lighted.
Light-armed	Armed with light weapons or accouterments.
Light-boat	Light-ship.
Lighte	imp. of Light, to alight.
Lighten	To descend; to light.
Lightened	of Lighten
Lightening	of Lighten
Lighten	To burst forth or dart, as lightning; to shine with, or like, lightning; to display a flash or flashes of lightning; to flash.
Lighten	To grow lighter; to become less dark or lowering; to brighten; to clear, as the sky.
Lighten	To make light or clear; to light; to illuminate; as, to lighten an apartment with lamps or gas; to lighten the streets.
Lighten	To illuminate with knowledge; to enlighten.
Lighten	To emit or disclose in, or as in, lightning; to flash out, like lightning.
Lighten	To free from trouble and fill with joy.
Lighten	To make lighter, or less heavy; to reduce in weight; to relieve of part of a load or burden; as, to lighten a ship by unloading; to lighten a load or burden.
Lighten	To make less burdensome or afflictive; to alleviate; as, to lighten the cares of life or the burden of grief.
Lighten	To cheer; to exhilarate.
Lighter	One who, or that which, lights; as, a lighter of lamps.
Lighter	A large boat or barge, mainly used in unloading or loading vessels which can not reach the wharves at the place of shipment or delivery.
Lighter	To convey by a lighter, as to or from the shore; as, to lighter the cargo of a ship.
Lighterage	The price paid for conveyance of goods on a lighter.
Lighterage	The act of unloading into a lighter, or of conveying by a lighter.
Lightermen	of Lighterman
Lighterman	A person employed on, or who manages, a lighter.
Light-fingered	Dexterous in taking and conveying away; thievish; pilfering; addicted to petty thefts.
Light-foot	Alt. of Light-footed
Light-footed	Having a light, springy step; nimble in running or dancing; active; as, light-foot Iris.
Lightful	Full of light; bright.
Light-handed	Not having a full complement of men; as, a vessel light-handed.
Light-headed	Disordered in the head; dizzy; delirious.
Light-headed	Thoughtless; heedless; volatile; unsteady; fickle; loose.
Light-hearted	Free from grief or anxiety; gay; cheerful; merry.
Light-heeled	Lively in walking or running; brisk; light-footed.
-men	of Light-horseman
Light-horseman	A soldier who serves in the light horse. See under 5th Light.
Light-horseman	A West Indian fish of the genus Ephippus, remarkable for its high dorsal fin and brilliant colors.
Lighthouses	of Lighthouse
Lighthouse	A tower or other building with a powerful light at top, erected at the entrance of a port, or at some important point on a coast, to serve as a guide to mariners at night; a pharos.
Lighting	A name sometimes applied to the process of annealing metals.
Light-legged	Nimble; swift of foot.
Lightless	Destitute of light; dark.
Lightly	With little weight; with little force; as, to tread lightly; to press lightly.
Lightly	Swiftly; nimbly; with agility.
Lightly	Without deep impression.
Lightly	In a small degree; slightly; not severely.
Lightly	With little effort or difficulty; easily; readily.
Lightly	Without reason, or for reasons of little weight.
Lightly	Commonly; usually.
Lightly	Without dejection; cheerfully.
Lightly	Without heed or care; with levity; gayly; airily.
Lightly	Not chastely; wantonly.
-men	of Lightman
Lightman	A man who carries or takes care of a light.
Light-minded	Unsettled; unsteady; volatile; not considerate.
Lightness	The state, condition, or quality, of being light or not heavy; buoyancy; levity; fickleness; nimbleness; delicacy; grace.
Lightness	Illumination, or degree of illumination; as, the lightness of a room.
Lightness	Absence of depth or of duskiness in color; as, the lightness of a tint; lightness of complexion.
Lightning	A discharge of atmospheric electricity, accompanied by a vivid flash of light, commonly from one cloud to another, sometimes from a cloud to the earth. The sound produced by the electricity in passing rapidly through the atmosphere constitutes thunder.
Lightning	The act of making bright, or the state of being made bright; enlightenment; brightening, as of the mental powers.
Lightning	Lightening.
Light-o'-love	An old tune of a dance, the name of which made it a proverbial expression of levity, especially in love matters.
Light-o'-love	Hence: A light or wanton woman.
Lightroom	A small room from which the magazine of a naval vessel is lighted, being separated from the magazine by heavy glass windows.
Lights	The lungs of an animal or bird; -- sometimes coarsely applied to the lungs of a human being.
Light-ship	A vessel carrying at the masthead a brilliant light, and moored off a shoal or place of dangerous navigation as a guide for mariners.
Lightsome	Having light; lighted; not dark or gloomy; bright.
Lightsome	Gay; airy; cheering; exhilarating.
Light-winged	Having light and active wings; volatile; fleeting.
Lightwood	Pine wood abounding in pitch, used for torches in the Southern United States; pine knots, dry sticks, and the like, for kindling a fire quickly or making a blaze.
Lighty	Illuminated.
Lign-aloes	Aloes wood, or agallochum. See  Agallochum.
Lign-aloes	A fragrant tree mentioned in the Bible.
Ligneous	Made of wood; consisting of wood; of the nature of, or resembling, wood; woody.
Ligniferous	Yielding or producing wood.
Lignification	A change in the character of a cell wall, by which it becomes harder. It is supposed to be due to an incrustation of lignin.
Ligniform	Like wood.
Lignified	of Lignify
Lignifying	of Lignify
Lignify	To convert into wood or into a ligneous substance.
Lignify	To become wood.
Lignin	A substance characterizing wood cells and differing from cellulose in its conduct with certain chemical reagents.
Ligniperdous	Wood-destroying; -- said of certain insects.
Lignireose	See Lignin.
Lignite	Mineral coal retaining the texture of the wood from which it was formed, and burning with an empyreumatic odor. It is of more recent origin than the anthracite and bituminous coal of the proper coal series. Called also brown coal, wood coal.
Lignitic	Containing lignite; resembling, or of the nature of, lignite; as, lignitic clay.
Lignitiferous	Producing or containing lignite; lignitic.
Lignoceric	Pertaining to, or designating, an acid of the formic acid series, found in the tar, wax, or paraffine obtained by distilling certain kinds of wood, as the beech.
Lignone	See Lignin.
Lignose	Alt. of Lignous
Lignous	Ligneous.
Lignose	See Lignin.
Lignose	An explosive compound of wood fiber and nitroglycerin. See Nitroglycerin.
Lignum rhodium	The fragrant wood of several shrubs and trees, especially of species of Rhodorhiza from the Canary Islands, and of the West Indian Amyris balsamifera.
Lignum-vitae	A tree (Guaiacum officinale) found in the warm latitudes of America, from which the guaiacum of medicine is procured. Its wood is very hard and heavy, and is used for various mechanical purposes, as for the wheels of ships' blocks, cogs, bearings, and the like. See Guaiacum.
Ligroin	A trade name applied somewhat indefinitely to some of the volatile products obtained in refining crude petroleum. It is a complex and variable mixture of several hydrocarbons, generally boils below 170 Fahr., and is more inflammable than safe kerosene. It is used as a solvent, as a carburetant for air gas, and for illumination in special lamps.
Ligsam	Same as Ligan.
Ligulae	of Ligula
Ligulas	of Ligula
Ligula	See Ligule.
Ligula	The central process, or front edge, of the labium of insects. It sometimes serves as a tongue or proboscis, as in bees.
Ligula	A tongue-shaped lobe of the parapodia of annelids. See Parapodium.
Ligulate	Alt. of Ligulated
Ligulated	Like a bandage, or strap; strap-shaped.
Ligulated	Composed of ligules.
Ligule	The thin and scarious projection from the upper end of the sheath of a leaf of grass.
Ligule	A strap-shaped corolla of flowers of Compositae.
Ligule	A band of white matter in the wall of fourth ventricle of the brain.
Liguliflorous	Bearing only ligulate flowers; -- said of a large suborder of composite plants, such as the dandelion, lettuce, hawkweed, etc.
Ligure	A kind of precious stone.
Ligustrin	A bitter principle found in the bark of the privet (Ligustrum vulgare), and extracted as a white crystalline substance with a warm, bitter taste; -- called also ligustron.
Likable	Such as can be liked; such as to attract liking; as, a likable person.
Like	Having the same, or nearly the same, appearance, qualities, or characteristics; resembling; similar to; similar; alike; -- often with in and the particulars of the resemblance; as, they are like each other in features, complexion, and many traits of character.
Like	Equal, or nearly equal; as, fields of like extent.
Like	Having probability; affording probability; probable; likely.
Like	Inclined toward; disposed to; as, to feel like taking a walk.
Like	That which is equal or similar to another; the counterpart; an exact resemblance; a copy.
Like	A liking; a preference; inclination; -- usually in pl.; as, we all have likes and dislikes.
Like	In a manner like that of; in a manner similar to; as, do not act like him.
Like	In a like or similar manner.
Like	Likely; probably.
Liked	of Like
Liking	of Like
Like	To suit; to please; to be agreeable to.
Like	To be pleased with in a moderate degree; to approve; to take satisfaction in; to enjoy.
Like	To liken; to compare.
Like	To be pleased; to choose.
Like	To have an appearance or expression; to look; to seem to be (in a specified condition).
Like	To come near; to avoid with difficulty; to escape narrowly; as, he liked to have been too late.  Cf. Had like, under Like, a.
Likeable	See Likable.
Likehood	Likelihood.
Likelihood	Appearance; show; sign; expression.
Likelihood	Likeness; resemblance.
Likelihood	Appearance of truth or reality; probability; verisimilitude.
Likeliness	Likelihood; probability.
Likeliness	Suitableness; agreeableness.
Likely	Worthy of belief; probable; credible; as, a likely story.
Likely	Having probability; having or giving reason to expect; -- followed by the infinitive; as, it is likely to rain.
Likely	Similar; like; alike.
Likely	Such as suits; good-looking; pleasing; agreeable; handsome.
Likely	Having such qualities as make success probable; well adapted to the place; promising; as, a likely young man; a likely servant.
Likely	In all probability; probably.
Like-minded	Having a like disposition or purpose; of the same mind.
Likened	of Liken
Likening	of Liken
Liken	To allege, or think, to be like; to represent as like; to compare; as, to liken life to a pilgrimage.
Liken	To make or cause to be like.
Likeness	The state or quality of being like; similitude; resemblance; similarity; as, the likeness of the one to the other is remarkable.
Likeness	Appearance or form; guise.
Likeness	That which closely resembles; a portrait.
Likeness	A comparison; parable; proverb.
Likerous	Alt. of Likerousness
Likerousness	See Lickerish, Lickerishness.
Likewise	In like manner; also; moreover; too. See Also.
Liking	Looking; appearing; as, better or worse liking. See Like, to look.
Liking	The state of being pleasing; a suiting. See On liking, below.
Liking	The state of being pleased with, or attracted toward, some thing or person; hence, inclination; desire; pleasure; preference; -- often with for, formerly with to; as, it is an amusement I have no liking for.
Liking	Appearance; look; figure; state of body as to health or condition.
Lilac	A shrub of the genus Syringa. There are six species, natives of Europe and Asia.  Syringa vulgaris, the common lilac, and S. Persica, the Persian lilac, are frequently cultivated for the fragrance and beauty of their purplish or white flowers. In the British colonies various other shrubs have this name.
Lilac	A light purplish color like that of the flower of the purplish lilac.
Lilacin	See Syringin.
Liliaceous	Of or pertaining to a natural order of which the lily, tulip, and hyacinth are well-known examples.
Liliaceous	Like the blossom of a lily in general form.
Lilial	Having a general resemblance to lilies or to liliaceous plants.
Lilied	Covered with, or having many, lilies.
Lill	To loll.
Lilliputian	One belonging to a very diminutive race described in Swift's "Voyage to Lilliput."
Lilliputian	A person or thing of very small size.
Lilliputian	Of or pertaining to the imaginary island of Lilliput described by Swift, or to its inhabitants.
Lilliputian	Of very small size; diminutive; dwarfed.
Lilly-pilly	An Australian myrtaceous tree (Eugenia Smithii), having smooth ovate leaves, and panicles of small white flowers. The wood is hard and fine-grained.
Lilt	To do anything with animation and quickness, as to skip, fly, or hop.
Lilt	To sing cheerfully.
Lilt	To utter with spirit, animation, or gayety; to sing with spirit and liveliness.
Lilt	Animated, brisk motion; spirited rhythm; sprightliness.
Lilt	A lively song or dance; a cheerful tune.
Lilies	of Lily
Lily	A plant and flower of the genus Lilium, endogenous bulbous plants, having a regular perianth of six colored pieces, six stamens, and a superior three-celled ovary.
Lily	A name given to handsome flowering plants of several genera, having some resemblance in color or form to a true lily, as Pancratium, Crinum, Amaryllis, Nerine, etc.
Lily	That end of a compass needle which should point to the north; -- so called as often ornamented with the figure of a lily or fleur-de-lis.
Lily-handed	Having white, delicate hands.
Lily-livered	White-livered; cowardly.
Lilywort	Any plant of the Lily family or order.
Lim	A limb.
Lima	The capital city of Peru, in South America.
Limaceous	Pertaining to, or like, Limax, or the slugs.
Limacina	A genus of small spiral pteropods, common in the Arctic and Antarctic seas. It contributes to the food of the right whales.
Lima/on	A curve of the fourth degree, invented by Pascal. Its polar equation is r = a cos / + b.
Limaille	Filings of metal.
Liman	The deposit of slime at the mouth of a river; slime.
Limation	The act of filing or polishing.
Limature	The act of filing.
Limature	That which is filed off; filings.
Limax	A genus of airbreathing mollusks, including the common garden slugs. They have a small rudimentary shell. The breathing pore is on the right side of the neck. Several species are troublesome in gardens. See Slug.
Limb	A part of a tree which extends from the trunk and separates into branches and twigs; a large branch.
Limb	An arm or a leg of a human being; a leg, arm, or wing of an animal.
Limb	A thing or person regarded as a part or member of, or attachment to, something else.
Limb	An elementary piece of the mechanism of a lock.
Limb	To supply with limbs.
Limb	To dismember; to tear off the limbs of.
Limb	A border or edge, in certain special uses.
Limb	The border or upper spreading part of a monopetalous corolla, or of a petal, or sepal; blade.
Limb	The border or edge of the disk of a heavenly body, especially of the sun and moon.
Limb	The graduated margin of an arc or circle, in an instrument for measuring angles.
Limbat	A cooling periodical wind in the Isle of Cyprus, blowing from the northwest from eight o'clock, A. M., to the middle of the day or later.
Limbate	Bordered, as when one color is surrounded by an edging of another.
Limbec	An alembic; a still.
Limbec	To distill.
Limbed	Having limbs; -- much used in composition; as, large-limbed; short-limbed.
Limber	The shafts or thills of a wagon or carriage.
Limber	The detachable fore part of a gun carriage, consisting of two wheels, an axle, and a shaft to which the horses are attached. On top is an ammunition box upon which the cannoneers sit.
Limber	Gutters or conduits on each side of the keelson to afford a passage for water to the pump well.
Limbered	of Limber
Limbering	of Limber
Limber	To attach to the limber; as, to limber a gun.
Limber	Easily bent; flexible; pliant; yielding.
Limber	To cause to become limber; to make flexible or pliant.
Limberness	The quality or state of being limber; flexibleness.
Limbless	Destitute of limbs.
Limbmeal	Piecemeal.
Limbo	Alt. of Limbus
Limbus	An extramundane region where certain classes of souls were supposed to await the judgment.
Limbus	Hence: Any real or imaginary place of restraint or confinement; a prison; as, to put a man in limbo.
Limbus	A border or margin; as, the limbus of the cornea.
Limbous	With slightly overlapping borders; -- said of a suture.
Lime	A thong by which a dog is led; a leash.
Lime	The linden tree. See Linden.
Lime	A fruit allied to the lemon, but much smaller; also, the tree which bears it. There are two kinds; Citrus Medica, var. acida which is intensely sour, and the sweet lime (C. Medica, var. Limetta) which is only slightly sour.
Lime	Birdlime.
Lime	Oxide of calcium; the white or gray, caustic substance, usually called quicklime, obtained by calcining limestone or shells, the heat driving off carbon dioxide and leaving lime. It develops great heat when treated with water, forming slacked lime, and is an essential ingredient of cement, plastering, mortar, etc.
Limed	of Lime
Liming	of Lime
Lime	To smear with a viscous substance, as birdlime.
Lime	To entangle; to insnare.
Lime	To treat with lime, or oxide or hydrate of calcium; to manure with lime; as, to lime hides for removing the hair; to lime sails in order to whiten them.
Lime	To cement.
Limehound	A dog used in hunting the wild boar; a leamer.
Limekiln	A kiln or furnace in which limestone or shells are burned and reduced to lime.
Limenean	Of or pertaining to Lima, or to the inhabitants of Lima, in Peru.
Limenean	A native or inhabitant of Lima.
Limer	A limehound; a limmer.
Limestone	A rock consisting chiefly of calcium carbonate or carbonate of lime. It sometimes contains also magnesium carbonate, and is then called magnesian or dolomitic limestone. Crystalline limestone is called marble.
Lime twig	See under 4th Lime.
Lime-twigged	Beset with snares; insnared, as with birdlime.
Limewater	Water impregnated with lime; esp., an artificial solution of lime for medicinal purposes.
Limicolae	A group of shore birds, embracing the plovers, sandpipers, snipe, curlew, etc. ; the Grallae.
Limicoline	Shore-inhabiting; of or pertaining to the Limicolae.
Liminess	The state or quality of being limy.
Limit	That which terminates, circumscribes, restrains, or confines; the bound, border, or edge; the utmost extent; as, the limit of a walk, of a town, of a country; the limits of human knowledge or endeavor.
Limit	The space or thing defined by limits.
Limit	That which terminates a period of time; hence, the period itself; the full time or extent.
Limit	A restriction; a check; a curb; a hindrance.
Limit	A determining feature; a distinguishing characteristic; a differentia.
Limit	A determinate quantity, to which a variable one continually approaches, and may differ from it by less than any given difference, but to which, under the law of variation, the variable can never become exactly equivalent.
Limited	of Limit
Limiting	of Limit
Limit	To apply a limit to, or set a limit for; to terminate, circumscribe, or restrict, by a limit or limits; as, to limit the acreage of a crop; to limit the issue of paper money; to limit one's ambitions or aspirations; to limit the meaning of a word.
Limit	To beg, or to exercise functions, within a certain limited region; as, a limiting friar.
Limitable	Capable of being limited.
Limitaneous	Of or pertaining to a limit.
Limitarian	Tending to limit.
Limitary	Placed at the limit, as a guard.
Limitary	Confined within limits; limited in extent, authority, power, etc.
Limitary	Limiting, or tending to limit; restrictive.
-ries	of Limitary
Limitary	That which serves to limit; a boundary; border land.
Limitary	A limiter. See Limiter, 2.
Limitate	Bounded by a distinct line.
Limitation	The act of limiting; the state or condition of being limited; as, the limitation of his authority was approved by the council.
Limitation	That which limits; a restriction; a qualification; a restraining condition, defining circumstance, or qualifying conception; as, limitations of thought.
Limitation	A certain precinct within which friars were allowed to beg, or exercise their functions; also, the time during which they were permitted to exercise their functions in such a district.
Limitation	A limited time within or during which something is to be done.
Limitation	A certain period limited by statute after which the claimant shall not enforce his claims by suit.
Limitation	A settling of an estate or property by specific rules.
Limitation	A restriction of power; as, a constitutional limitation.
Limited	Confined within limits; narrow; circumscribed; restricted; as, our views of nature are very limited.
Limitedly	With limitation.
Limitedness	The quality of being limited.
Limiter	One who, or that which, limits.
Limiter	A friar licensed to beg within certain bounds, or whose duty was limited to a certain district.
Limitive	Involving a limit; as, a limitive law, one designed to limit existing powers.
Limitless	Having no limits; unbounded; boundless.
Limitour	See Limiter, 2.
Limmer	Limber.
Limmer	A limehound; a leamer.
Limmer	A mongrel, as a cross between the mastiff and hound.
Limmer	A low, base fellow; also, a prostitute.
Limmer	A man rope at the side of a ladder.
Limned	of Limn
Limning	of Limn
Limn	To draw or paint; especially, to represent in an artistic way with pencil or brush.
Limn	To illumine, as books or parchments, with ornamental figures, letters, or borders.
Lim naea	A genus of fresh-water air-breathing mollusks, abundant in ponds and streams; -- called also pond snail.
Limner	A painter; an artist
Limner	One who paints portraits.
Limner	One who illuminates books.
Limniad	See Limoniad.
Limning	The act, process, or art of one who limns; the picture or decoration so produced.
Limoges	A city of Southern France.
Limoniad	A nymph of the meadows; -- called also Limniad.
Limonin	A bitter, white, crystalline substance found in orange and lemon seeds.
Limonite	Hydrous sesquioxide of iron, an important ore of iron, occurring in stalactitic, mammillary, or earthy forms, of a dark brown color, and yellowish brown powder. It includes bog iron. Also called brown hematite.
Limosis	A ravenous appetite caused by disease; excessive and morbid hunger.
Limous	Muddy; slimy; thick.
Limped	of Limp
Limping	of Limp
Limp	To halt; to walk lamely. Also used figuratively.
Limp	A halt; the act of limping.
Limp	A scraper for removing poor ore or refuse from the sieve.
Limp	Flaccid; flabby, as flesh.
Limp	Lacking stiffness; flimsy; as, a limp cravat.
Limper	One who limps.
Limpet	In a general sense, any hatshaped, or conical, gastropod shell.
Limpet	Any one of many species of marine shellfish of the order Docoglossa, mostly found adhering to rocks, between tides.
Limpet	Any species of Siphonaria, a genus of limpet-shaped Pulmonifera, living between tides, on rocks.
Limpet	A keyhole limpet. See Fissurella.
Limpid	Characterized by clearness or transparency; clear; as, a limpid stream.
Limpidity	The quality or state of being limpid.
Limpidness	Quality of being limpid; limpidity.
Limpin	A limpet.
Limpingly	In a limping manner.
Limpitude	Limpidity.
Limpkin	Either one of two species of wading birds of the genus Aramus, intermediate between the cranes and rails. The limpkins are remarkable for the great length of the toes. One species (A. giganteus) inhabits Florida and the West Indies; the other (A. scolopaceus) is found in South America. Called also courlan, and crying bird.
Limpness	The quality or state of being limp.
Limpsy	Alt. of Limsy
Limsy	Limp; flexible; flimsy.
Limu	The Hawaiian name for seaweeds. Over sixty kinds are used as food, and have species names, as Limu Lipoa, Limu palawai, etc.
Limule	A limulus.
Limuloidea	An order of Merostomata, including among living animals the genus Limulus, with various allied fossil genera, mostly of the Carboniferous period. Called also Xiphosura.
Limuli	of Limulus
Limulus	The only existing genus of Merostomata. It includes only a few species from the East Indies, and one (Limulus polyphemus) from the Atlantic coast of North America. Called also Molucca crab, king crab, horseshoe crab, and horsefoot.
Limy	Smeared with, or consisting of, lime; viscous.
Limy	Containing lime; as, a limy soil.
Limy	Resembling lime; having the qualities of lime.
Lin	To yield; to stop; to cease.
Lin	To cease from.
Lin	A pool or collection of water, particularly one above or below a fall of water.
Lin	A waterfall, or cataract; as, a roaring lin.
Lin	A steep ravine.
Linage	See Lineage.
Linament	Lint; esp., lint made into a tent for insertion into wounds or ulcers.
Linarite	A hydrous sulphate of lead and copper occurring in bright blue monoclinic crystals.
Linch	A ledge; a right-angled projection.
Linchi	An esculent swallow.
Linchpin	A pin used to prevent the wheel of a vehicle from sliding off the axletree.
Lincoln green	A color of cloth formerly made in Lincoln, England; the cloth itself.
Lincture	Alt. of Linctus
Linctus	Medicine taken by licking with the tongue.
Lind	The linden. See Linden.
Linden	A handsome tree (Tilia Europaea), having cymes of light yellow flowers, and large cordate leaves. The tree is common in Europe.
Linden	In America, the basswood, or Tilia Americana.
Lindia	A peculiar genus of rotifers, remarkable for the absence of ciliated disks. By some zoologists it is thought to be like the ancestral form of the Arthropoda.
Lindiform	Resembling the genus Lindia; -- said of certain apodous insect larvae.
Line	Flax; linen.
Line	The longer and finer fiber of flax.
Lined	of Line
Lining	of Line
Line	To cover the inner surface of; as, to line a cloak with silk or fur; to line a box with paper or tin.
Line	To put something in the inside of; to fill; to supply, as a purse with money.
Line	To place persons or things along the side of for security or defense; to strengthen by adding anything; to fortify; as, to line works with soldiers.
Line	To impregnate; -- applied to brute animals.
Line	A linen thread or string; a slender, strong cord; also, a cord of any thickness; a rope; a hawser; as, a fishing line; a line for snaring birds; a clothesline; a towline.
Line	A more or less threadlike mark of pen, pencil, or graver; any long mark; as, a chalk line.
Line	The course followed by anything in motion; hence, a road or route; as, the arrow descended in a curved line; the place is remote from lines of travel.
Line	Direction; as, the line of sight or vision.
Line	A row of letters, words, etc., written or printed; esp., a row of words extending across a page or column.
Line	A short letter; a note; as, a line from a friend.
Line	A verse, or the words which form a certain number of feet, according to the measure.
Line	Course of conduct, thought, occupation, or policy; method of argument; department of industry, trade, or intellectual activity.
Line	That which has length, but not breadth or thickness.
Line	The exterior limit of a figure, plat, or territory; boundary; contour; outline.
Line	A threadlike crease marking the face or the hand; hence, characteristic mark.
Line	Lineament; feature; figure.
Line	A straight row; a continued series or rank; as, a line of houses, or of soldiers; a line of barriers.
Line	A series or succession of ancestors or descendants of a given person; a family or race; as, the ascending or descending line; the line of descent; the male line; a line of kings.
Line	A connected series of public conveyances, and hence, an established arrangement for forwarding merchandise, etc.; as, a line of stages; an express line.
Line	A circle of latitude or of longitude, as represented on a map.
Line	The equator; -- usually called the line, or equinoctial line; as, to cross the line.
Line	A long tape, or a narrow ribbon of steel, etc., marked with subdivisions, as feet and inches, for measuring; a tapeline.
Line	A measuring line or cord.
Line	That which was measured by a line, as a field or any piece of land set apart; hence, allotted place of abode.
Line	Instruction; doctrine.
Line	The proper relative position or adjustment of parts, not as to design or proportion, but with reference to smooth working; as, the engine is in line or out of line.
Line	The track and roadbed of a railway; railroad.
Line	A row of men who are abreast of one another, whether side by side or some distance apart; -- opposed to column.
Line	The regular infantry of an army, as distinguished from militia, guards, volunteer corps, cavalry, artillery, etc.
Line	A trench or rampart.
Line	Dispositions made to cover extended positions, and presenting a front in but one direction to an enemy.
Line	Form of a vessel as shown by the outlines of vertical, horizontal, and oblique sections.
Line	One of the straight horizontal and parallel prolonged strokes on and between which the notes are placed.
Line	A number of shares taken by a jobber.
Line	A series of various qualities and values of the same general class of articles; as, a full line of hosiery; a line of merinos, etc.
Line	The wire connecting one telegraphic station with another, or the whole of a system of telegraph wires under one management and name.
Line	The reins with which a horse is guided by his driver.
Line	A measure of length; one twelfth of an inch.
Line	To mark with a line or lines; to cover with lines; as, to line a copy book.
Line	To represent by lines; to delineate; to portray.
Line	To read or repeat line by line; as, to line out a hymn.
Line	To form into a line; to align; as, to line troops.
Lineage	Descent in a line from a common progenitor; progeny; race; descending line of offspring or ascending line of parentage.
Lineal	Descending in a direct line from an ancestor; hereditary; derived from ancestors; -- opposed to collateral; as, a lineal descent or a lineal descendant.
Lineal	Inheriting by direct descent; having the right by direct descent to succeed (to).
Lineal	Composed of lines; delineated; as, lineal designs.
Lineal	In the direction of a line; of or pertaining to a line; measured on, or ascertained by, a line; linear; as, lineal magnitude.
Lineality	The quality of being lineal.
Lineally	In a lineal manner; as, the prince is lineally descended from the Conqueror.
Lineament	One of the outlines, exterior features, or distinctive marks, of a body or figure, particularly of the face; feature; form; mark; -- usually in the plural.
Linear	Of or pertaining to a line; consisting of lines; in a straight direction; lineal.
Linear	Like a line; narrow; of the same breadth throughout, except at the extremities; as, a linear leaf.
Linearensate	Having the form of a sword, but very long and narrow.
Linearly	In a linear manner; with lines.
Linear-shaped	Of a linear shape.
Lineary	Linear.
Lineate	Alt. of Lineated
Lineated	Marked with lines.
Lineated	Marked longitudinally with depressed parallel lines; as, a lineate leaf.
Lineation	Delineation; a line or lines.
Lineature	Anything having outline.
Linemen	of Lineman
Lineman	One who carries the line in surveying, etc.
Lineman	A man employed to examine the rails of a railroad to see if they are in good condition; also, a man employed to repair telegraph lines.
Linen	Made of linen; as, linen cloth; a linen stocking.
Linen	Resembling linen cloth; white; pale.
Linen	Thread or cloth made of flax or (rarely) of hemp; -- used in a general sense to include cambric, shirting, sheeting, towels, tablecloths, etc.
Linen	Underclothing, esp. the shirt, as being, in former times, chiefly made of linen.
Linener	A dealer in linen; a linen draper.
Lineolate	Marked with little lines.
Lineolate	Marked longitudinally with fine lines.
Liner	One who lines, as, a liner of shoes.
Liner	A vessel belonging to a regular line of packets; also, a line-of-battle ship; a ship of the line.
Liner	A thin piece placed between two parts to hold or adjust them, fill a space, etc.; a shim.
Liner	A lining within the cylinder, in which the piston works and between which and the outer shell of the cylinder a space is left to form a steam jacket.
Liner	A slab on which small pieces of marble, tile, etc., are fastened for grinding.
Liner	A ball which, when struck, flies through the air in a nearly straight line not far from the ground.
-ling	A noun suffix, commonly having a diminutive or a depreciatory force; as in duckling, gosling, hireling, fosterling, firstling, underling.
-ling	An adverbial suffix; as, darkling, flatling.
Ling	A large, marine, gadoid fish (Molva vulgaris) of Northern Europe and Greenland. It is valued as a food fish and is largely salted and dried. Called also drizzle.
Ling	The burbot of Lake Ontario.
Ling	An American hake of the genus Phycis.
Ling	A New Zealand food fish of the genus Genypterus. The name is also locally applied to other fishes, as the cultus cod, the mutton fish, and the cobia.
Ling	Heather (Calluna vulgaris).
Linga	Alt. of Lingam
Lingam	The phallic symbol under which Siva is principally worshiped in his character of the creative and reproductive power.
Ling-bird	The European meadow pipit; -- called also titling.
Lingel	A shoemaker's thread.
Lingel	A little tongue or thong of leather; a lacing for belts.
Lingence	A linctus.
Lingered	of Linger
Lingering	of Linger
Linger	To delay; to loiter; to remain or wait long; to be slow or reluctant in parting or moving; to be slow in deciding; to be in suspense; to hesitate.
Linger	To protract; to draw out.
Linger	To spend or pass in a lingering manner; -- with out; as, to linger out one's days on a sick bed.
Lingerer	One who lingers.
Lingering	Delaying.
Lingering	Drawn out in time; remaining long; protracted; as, a lingering disease.
Lingeringly	With delay; slowly; tediously.
Linget	An ingot.
Lingism	A mode of treating certain diseases, as obesity, by gymnastics; -- proposed by Pehr Henrik Ling, a Swede. See Kinesiatrics.
Lingle	See Lingel.
Lingo	Language; speech; dialect.
Lingoa wood	Amboyna wood.
Lingot	A linget or ingot; also, a mold for casting metals. See Linget.
Linguae	of Lingua
Lingua	A tongue.
Lingua	A median process of the labium, at the under side of the mouth in insects, and serving as a tongue.
Linguacious	Given to the use of the tongue; loquacious.
Linguadental	Formed or uttered by the joint use of the tongue and teeth, or rather that part of the gum just above the front teeth; dentolingual, as the letters d and t.
Linguadental	An articulation pronounced by the aid or use of the tongue and teeth.
Lingua Franca	The commercial language of the Levant, -- a mixture of the languages of the people of the region and of foreign traders.
Lingual	Of or pertaining to the tongue; uttered by the aid of the tongue; glossal; as, the lingual nerves; a lingual letter.
Lingual	A consonant sound formed by the aid of the tongue; -- a term especially applied to certain articulations (as those of t, d, th, and n) and to the letters denoting them.
Linguality	The quality of being lingual.
Linguatulida	Same as Linguatulina.
Linguatulina	An order of wormlike, degraded, parasitic arachnids. They have two pairs of retractile hooks, near the mouth. Called also Pentastomida.
Linguidental	Linguadental.
Linguiform	Having the form of the tongue; tongue-shaped.
Linguist	A master of the use of language; a talker.
Linguist	A person skilled in languages.
Linguistic	Alt. of Linguistical
Linguistical	Of or pertaining to language; relating to linguistics, or to the affinities of languages.
Linguistically	In a linguistic manner; from the point of view of a linguist.
Linguistics	The science of languages, or of the origin, signification, and application of words; glossology.
-lae	of Lingula
Lingula	A tonguelike process or part.
Lingula	Any one of numerous species of brachiopod shells belonging to the genus Lingula, and related genera. See Brachiopoda, and Illustration in Appendix.
Lingulate	Shaped like the tongue or a strap; ligulate.
Linigerous	Bearing flax; producing linen.
Liniment	A liquid or semiliquid preparation of a consistence thinner than an ointment, applied to the skin by friction, esp. one used as a sedative or a stimulant.
Lining	The act of one who lines; the act or process of making lines, or of inserting a lining.
Lining	That which covers the inner surface of anything, as of a garment or a box; also, the contents of anything.
Link	A torch made of tow and pitch, or the like.
Link	A single ring or division of a chain.
Link	Hence: Anything, whether material or not, which binds together, or connects, separate things; a part of a connected series; a tie; a bond.
Link	Anything doubled and closed like a link; as, a link of horsehair.
Link	Any one of the several elementary pieces of a mechanism, as the fixed frame, or a rod, wheel, mass of confined liquid, etc., by which relative motion of other parts is produced and constrained.
Link	Any intermediate rod or piece for transmitting force or motion, especially a short connecting rod with a bearing at each end; specifically (Steam Engine), the slotted bar, or connecting piece, to the opposite ends of which the eccentric rods are jointed, and by means of which the movement of the valve is varied, in a link motion.
Link	The length of one joint of Gunter's chain, being the hundredth part of it, or 7.92 inches, the chain being 66 feet in length.  Cf. Chain, n., 4.
Link	A bond of affinity, or a unit of valence between atoms; -- applied to a unit of chemical force or attraction.
Link	Sausages; -- because linked together.
Linked	of Link
Linking	of Link
Link	To connect or unite with a link or as with a link; to join; to attach; to unite; to couple.
Link	To be connected.
Linkage	The act of linking; the state of being linked; also, a system of links.
Linkage	Manner of linking or of being linked; -- said of the union of atoms or radicals in the molecule.
Linkage	A system of straight lines or bars, fastened together by joints, and having certain of their points fixed in a plane. It is used to describe straight lines and curves in the plane.
Linkboy	Alt. of Linkman
Linkman	A boy or man that carried a link or torch to light passengers.
Link motion	A valve gear, consisting of two eccentrics with their rods, giving motion to a slide valve by an adjustable connecting bar, called the link, in such a way that the motion of the engine can be reversed, or the cut-off varied, at will; -- used very generally in locomotives and marine engines.
Linkwork	A fabric consisting of links made of metal or other material fastened together; also, a chain.
Linkwork	Mechanism in which links, or intermediate connecting pieces, are employed to transmit motion from one part to another.
Linnaea borealis	The twin flower which grows in cold northern climates.
Linnaean	Alt. of Linnean
Linnean	Of or pertaining to Linnaeus, the celebrated Swedish botanist.
Linnaeite	A mineral of pale steel-gray color and metallic luster, occurring in isometric crystals, and also massive. It is a sulphide of cobalt containing some nickel or copper.
Linne	Flax. See Linen.
Linnet	Any one of several species of fringilline birds of the genera Linota, Acanthis, and allied genera, esp. the common European species (L. cannabina), which, in full summer plumage, is chestnut brown above, with the breast more or less crimson. The feathers of its head are grayish brown, tipped with crimson. Called also gray linnet, red linnet, rose linnet, brown linnet, lintie, lintwhite, gorse thatcher, linnet finch, and greater redpoll. The American redpoll linnet (Acanthis linaria) often has the crown and throat rosy. See Redpoll, and Twite.
Linoleate	A salt of linoleic acid.
Linoleic	Pertaining to, or derived from, linoleum, or linseed oil; specifically (Chem.), designating an organic acid, a thin yellow oil, found combined as a salt of glycerin in oils of linseed, poppy, hemp, and certain nuts.
Linoleum	Linseed oil brought to various degrees of hardness by some oxidizing process, as by exposure to heated air, or by treatment with chloride of sulphur. In this condition it is used for many of the purposes to which India rubber has been applied.
Linoleum	A kind of floor cloth made by laying hardened linseed oil mixed with ground cork on a canvas backing.
Linoxin	A resinous substance obtained as an oxidation product of linoleic acid.
Linsang	Any viverrine mammal of the genus Prionodon, inhabiting the East Indies and Southern Asia. The common East Indian linsang (P. gracilis) is white, crossed by broad, black bands. The Guinea linsang (Porana Richardsonii) is brown with black spots.
Linseed	The seeds of flax, from which linseed oil is obtained.
Linsey	Linsey-woolsey.
Linsey-woolsey	Cloth made of linen and wool, mixed.
Linsey-woolsey	Jargon.
Linsey-woolsey	Made of linen and wool; hence, of different and unsuitable parts; mean.
Linstock	A pointed forked staff, shod with iron at the foot, to hold a lighted match for firing cannon.
Lint	Flax.
Lint	Linen scraped or otherwise made into a soft, downy or fleecy substance for dressing wounds and sores; also, fine ravelings, down, fluff, or loose short fibers from yarn or fabrics.
Lintel	A horizontal member spanning an opening, and carrying the superincumbent weight by means of its strength in resisting crosswise fracture.
Lintie	Alt. of Lintwhite
Lintwhite	See Linnet.
Lintseed	See Linseed.
Linum	A genus of herbaceous plants including the flax (Linum usitatissimum).
Lion	A large carnivorous feline mammal (Felis leo), found in Southern Asia and in most parts of Africa, distinct varieties occurring in the different countries. The adult male, in most varieties, has a thick mane of long shaggy hair that adds to his apparent size, which is less than that of the largest tigers. The length, however, is sometimes eleven feet to the base of the tail. The color is a tawny yellow or yellowish brown; the mane is darker, and the terminal tuft of the tail is black. In one variety, called the maneless lion, the male has only a slight mane.
Lion	A sign and a constellation; Leo.
Lion	An object of interest and curiosity, especially a person who is so regarded; as, he was quite a lion in London at that time.
Lionced	Adorned with lions' heads; having arms terminating in lions' heads; -- said of a cross.
Lioncel	A small lion, especially one of several borne in the same coat of arms.
Lionel	The whelp of a lioness; a young lion.
Lioness	A female lion.
Lionet	A young or small lion.
Lion-heart	A very brave person.
Lion-hearted	Very brave; brave and magnanimous.
Lionhood	State of being a lion.
Lionism	An attracting of attention, as a lion; also, the treating or regarding as a lion.
Lionized	of Lionize
Lionizing	of Lionize
Lionize	To treat or regard as a lion or object of great interest.
Lionize	To show the lions or objects of interest to; to conduct about among objects of interest.
Lionlike	Like a lion; brave as a lion.
Lionly	Like a lion; fierce.
Lion's ear	A name given in Western South America to certain plants with shaggy tomentose leaves, as species of Culcitium, and Espeletia.
Lion's foot	 A composite plant of the genus Prenanthes, of which several species are found in the United States.
Lion's foot	The edelweiss.
Lionship	The state of being a lion.
Lion's leaf	A South European plant of the genus Leontice (L. leontopetalum), the tuberous roots of which contain so much alkali that they are sometimes used as a substitute for soap.
Lion's tail	A genus of labiate plants (Leonurus); -- so called from a fancied resemblance of its flower spikes to the tuft of a lion's tail. L. Cardiaca is the common motherwort.
Lions' teeth	of Lion's tooth
Lion's tooth	See Leontodon.
Lip	One of the two fleshy folds which surround the orifice of the mouth in man and many other animals. In man the lips are organs of speech essential to certain articulations. Hence, by a figure they denote the mouth, or all the organs of speech, and sometimes speech itself.
Lip	An edge of an opening; a thin projecting part of anything; a kind of short open spout; as, the lip of a vessel.
Lip	The sharp cutting edge on the end of an auger.
Lip	One of the two opposite divisions of a labiate corolla.
Lip	The odd and peculiar petal in the Orchis family. See Orchidaceous.
Lip	One of the edges of the aperture of a univalve shell.
Lipped	of Lip
Lipping	of Lip
Lip	To touch with the lips; to put the lips to; hence, to kiss.
Lip	To utter; to speak.
Lip	To clip; to trim.
Lipaemia	A condition in which fat occurs in the blood.
Lipans	A tribe of North American Indians, inhabiting the northern part of Mexico. They belong to the Tinneh stock, and are closely related to the Apaches.
Liparian	Any species of a family (Liparidae) of destructive bombycid moths, as the tussock moths.
Liparite	A quartzose trachyte; rhyolite.
Lipic	Pertaining to, or derived from, fat. The word was formerly used specifically to designate a supposed acid obtained by the oxidation of oleic acid, tallow, wax, etc.
Lipinic	Lipic.
Lipless	Having no lips.
Liplet	A little lip.
Lipocephala	Same as Lamellibranchia.
Lipochrin	A yellow coloring matter, soluble in ether, contained in the small round fat drops in the retinal epithelium cells. It is best obtained from the eyes of frogs.
Lipogram	A writing composed of words not having a certain letter or letters; -- as in the Odyssey of Tryphiodorus there was no A in the first book, no B in the second, and so on.
Lipogrammatic	Omitting a letter; composed of words not having a certain letter or letters; as, lipogrammatic writings.
Lipogrammatist	One who makes a lipogram.
Lipoma	A tumor consisting of fat or adipose tissue.
Lipothymic	Tending to swoon; fainting.
Lipothymous	Pertaining, or given, to swooning; fainting.
Lipothymy	A fainting; a swoon.
Lipped	Having a lip or lips; having a raised or rounded edge resembling the lip; -- often used in composition; as, thick-lipped, thin-lipped, etc.
Lipped	Labiate.
Lippitude	Soreness of eyes; the state of being blear-eyed; blearedness.
Lipse	To lisp.
Lipyl	A hypothetical radical of glycerin.
Liquable	Capable of being melted.
Liquate	To melt; to become liquid.
Liquate	To separate by fusion, as a more fusible from a less fusible material.
Liquation	The act or operation of making or becoming liquid; also, the capacity of becoming liquid.
Liquation	The process of separating, by heat, an easily fusible metal from one less fusible; eliquation.
Liquefacient	That which serves to liquefy.
Liquefacient	An agent, as mercury, iodine, etc., which promotes the liquefying processes of the system, and increases the secretions.
Liquefaction	The act or operation of making or becoming liquid; especially, the conversion of a solid into a liquid by the sole agency of heat.
Liquefaction	The state of being liquid.
Liquefaction	The act, process, or method, of reducing a gas or vapor to a liquid by means of cold or pressure; as, the liquefaction of oxygen or hydrogen.
Liquefiable	Capable of being changed from a solid to a liquid state.
Liquefier	That which liquefies.
Liquefied	of Liquefy
Liquefying	of Liquefy
Liquefy	To convert from a solid form to that of a liquid; to melt; to dissolve; and technically, to melt by the sole agency of heat.
Liquefy	To become liquid.
Liquescency	The quality or state of being liquescent.
Liquescent	Tending to become liquid; inclined to melt; melting.
Liqueur	An aromatic alcoholic cordial.
Liquid	Flowing freely like water; fluid; not solid.
Liquid	Being in such a state that the component parts move freely among themselves, but do not tend to separate from each other as the particles of gases and vapors do; neither solid nor aeriform; as, liquid mercury, in distinction from mercury solidified or in a state of vapor.
Liquid	Flowing or sounding smoothly or without abrupt transitions or harsh tones.
Liquid	Pronounced without any jar or harshness; smooth; as, l and r are liquid letters.
Liquid	Fluid and transparent; as, the liquid air.
Liquid	Clear; definite in terms or amount.
Liquid	A substance whose parts change their relative position on the slightest pressure, and therefore retain no definite form; any substance in the state of liquidity; a fluid that is not aeriform.
Liquid	A letter which has a smooth, flowing sound, or which flows smoothly after a mute; as, l and r, in bla, bra. M and n also are called liquids.
Liquidambar	A genus consisting of two species of tall trees having star-shaped leaves, and woody burlike fruit. Liquidambar styraciflua is the North American sweet qum, and L. Orientalis is found in Asia Minor.
Liquidambar	The balsamic juice which is obtained from these trees by incision. The liquid balsam of the Oriental tree is liquid storax.
Liquidamber	See Liquidambar.
Liquidated	of Liquidate
Liquidating	of Liquidate
Liquidate	To determine by agreement or by litigation the precise amount of (indebtedness); or, where there is an indebtedness to more than one person, to determine the precise amount of (each indebtedness); to make the amount of (an indebtedness) clear and certain.
Liquidate	In an extended sense: To ascertain the amount, or the several amounts, of , and apply assets toward the discharge of (an indebtedness).
Liquidate	To discharge; to pay off, as an indebtedness.
Liquidate	To make clear and intelligible.
Liquidate	To make liquid.
Liquidation	The act or process of liquidating; the state of being liquidated.
Liquidator	One who, or that which, liquidates.
Liquidator	An officer appointed to conduct the winding up of a company, to bring and defend actions and suits in its name, and to do all necessary acts on behalf of the company.
Liquidity	The state or quality of being liquid.
Liquidized	of Liquidize
Liquidizing	of Liquidize
Liquidize	To render liquid.
Liquidly	In a liquid manner; flowingly.
Liquidness	The quality or state of being liquid; liquidity; fluency.
Liquor	Any liquid substance, as water, milk, blood, sap, juice, or the like.
Liquor	Specifically, alcoholic or spirituous fluid, either distilled or fermented, as brandy, wine, whisky, beer, etc.
Liquor	A solution of a medicinal substance in water; -- distinguished from tincture and aqua.
Liquored	of Liquor
Liquoring	of Liquor
Liquor	To supply with liquor.
Liquor	To grease.
Liquorice	See Licorice.
Liquorish	See Lickerish.
Liquorous	Eagerly desirous. See Lickerish.
Lire	of Lira
Lira	An Italian coin equivalent in value to the French franc.
Lirella	A linear apothecium furrowed along the middle; the fruit of certain lichens.
Lirelliform	Like a lirella.
Liriodendra	of Liriodendron
Liriodendron	A genus of large and very beautiful trees of North America, having smooth, shining leaves, and handsome, tuliplike flowers; tulip tree; whitewood; -- called also canoewood. Liriodendron tulipifera is the only extant species, but there were several others in the Cretaceous epoch.
Liripipe	See Liripoop.
Liripoop	A pendent part of the old clerical tippet; afterwards, a tippet; a scarf; -- worn also by doctors, learned men, etc.
Liripoop	Acuteness; smartness; also, a smart trick or stratagem.
Liripoop	A silly person.
Liroconite	A hydrated arseniate of copper, occurring in obtuse pyramidal crystals of a sky-blue or verdigris-green color.
Lisbon	A sweet, light-colored species of wine, produced in the province of Estremadura, and so called as being shipped from Lisbon, in Portugal.
Lisle	A city of France celebrated for certain manufactures.
Lisne	A cavity or hollow.
Lisped	of Lisp
Lisping	of Lisp
Lisp	To pronounce the sibilant letter s imperfectly; to give s and z the sound of th; -- a defect common among children.
Lisp	To speak with imperfect articulation; to mispronounce, as a child learning to talk.
Lisp	To speak hesitatingly with a low voice, as if afraid.
Lisp	To pronounce with a lisp.
Lisp	To utter with imperfect articulation; to express with words pronounced imperfectly or indistinctly, as a child speaks; hence, to express by the use of simple, childlike language.
Lisp	To speak with reserve or concealment; to utter timidly or confidentially; as, to lisp treason.
Lisp	The habit or act of lisping. See Lisp, v. i., 1.
Lisper	One who lisps.
Lispingly	With a lisp; in a lisping manner.
Liss	Release; remission; ease; relief.
Liss	To free, as from care or pain; to relieve.
Lissencephala	A general name for all those placental mammals that have a brain with few or no cerebral convolutions, as Rodentia, Insectivora, etc.
Lissom	Alt. of Lissome
Lissome	Limber; supple; flexible; lithe; lithesome.
Lissome	Light; nimble; active.
List	A line inclosing or forming the extremity of a piece of ground, or field of combat; hence, in the plural (lists), the ground or field inclosed for a race or combat.
List	To inclose for combat; as, to list a field.
List	To hearken; to attend; to listen.
List	To listen or hearken to.
List	To desire or choose; to please.
List	To lean; to incline; as, the ship lists to port.
List	Inclination; desire.
List	An inclination to one side; as, the ship has a list to starboard.
List	A strip forming the woven border or selvedge of cloth, particularly of broadcloth, and serving to strengthen it; hence, a strip of cloth; a fillet.
List	A limit or boundary; a border.
List	The lobe of the ear; the ear itself.
List	A stripe.
List	A roll or catalogue, that is row or line; a record of names; as, a list of names, books, articles; a list of ratable estate.
List	A little square molding; a fillet; -- called also listel.
List	A narrow strip of wood, esp. sapwood, cut from the edge of a plank or board.
List	A piece of woolen cloth with which the yarns are grasped by a workman.
List	The first thin coat of tin.
List	A wirelike rim of tin left on an edge of the plate after it is coated.
Listed	of List
Listing	of List
List	To sew together, as strips of cloth, so as to make a show of colors, or form a border.
List	To cover with list, or with strips of cloth; to put list on; as, to list a door; to stripe as if with list.
List	To enroll; to place or register in a list.
List	To engage, as a soldier; to enlist.
List	To cut away a narrow strip, as of sapwood, from the edge of; as, to list a board.
List	To engage in public service by enrolling one's name; to enlist.
Listel	Same as List, n., 6.
Listened	of Listen
Listening	of Listen
Listen	To give close attention with the purpose of hearing; to give ear; to hearken; to attend.
Listen	To give heed; to yield to advice; to follow admonition; to obey.
Listen	To attend to.
Listener	One who listens; a hearkener.
Lister	One who makes a list or roll.
Lister	Same as Leister.
Listerian	Of or pertaining to listerism.
Listerism	The systematic use of antiseptics in the performance of operations and the treatment of wounds; -- so called from Joseph Lister, an English surgeon.
Listful	Attentive.
Listing	The act or process of one who lists (in any sense of the verb); as, the listing of a door; the listing of a stock at the Stock Exchange.
Listing	The selvedge of cloth; list.
Listing	The sapwood cut from the edge of a board.
Listing	The throwing up of the soil into ridges, -- a method adopted in the culture of beets and some garden crops.
Listless	Having no desire or inclination; indifferent; heedless; spiritless.
Lit	a form of the imp. & p. p. of Light.
Litanies	of Litany
Litany	A solemn form of supplication in the public worship of various churches, in which the clergy and congregation join, the former leading and the latter responding in alternate sentences. It is usually of a penitential character.
Litarge	Litharge.
Litchi	The fruit of a tree native to China (Nephelium Litchi). It is nutlike, having a rough but tender shell, containing an aromatic pulp, and a single large seed. In the dried fruit which is exported the pulp somewhat resembles a raisin in color and form.
Lite	Little.
Liter	Alt. of Litre
Litre	A measure of capacity in the metric system, being a cubic decimeter, equal to 61.022 cubic inches, or 2.113 American pints, or 1.76 English pints.
Literacy	State of being literate.
Literal	According to the letter or verbal expression; real; not figurative or metaphorical; as, the literal meaning of a phrase.
Literal	Following the letter or exact words; not free.
Literal	Consisting of, or expressed by, letters.
Literal	Giving a strict or literal construction; unimaginative; matter-of fast; -- applied to persons.
Literal	Literal meaning.
Literalism	That which accords with the letter; a mode of interpreting literally; adherence to the letter.
Literalism	The tendency or disposition to represent objects faithfully, without abstraction, conventionalities, or idealization.
Literalist	One who adheres to the letter or exact word; an interpreter according to the letter.
Literalty	The state or quality of being literal.
Literalization	The act of literalizing; reduction to a literal meaning.
Literalized	of Literalize
Literalizing	of Literalize
Literalize	To make literal; to interpret or put in practice according to the strict meaning of the words; -- opposed to spiritualize; as, to literalize Scripture.
Literalizer	A literalist.
Literally	According to the primary and natural import of words; not figuratively; as, a man and his wife can not be literally one flesh.
Literally	With close adherence to words; word by word.
Literalness	The quality or state of being literal; literal import.
Literary	Of or pertaining to letters or literature; pertaining to learning or learned men; as, literary fame; a literary history; literary conversation.
Literary	Versed in, or acquainted with, literature; occupied with literature as a profession; connected with literature or with men of letters; as, a literary man.
Literate	Instructed in learning, science, or literature; learned; lettered.
Literate	One educated, but not having taken a university degree; especially, such a person who is prepared to take holy orders.
Literate	A literary man.
Literati	Learned or literary men. See Literatus.
Literatim	Letter for letter.
Literation	The act or process of representing by letters.
Literator	One who teaches the letters or elements of knowledge; a petty schoolmaster.
Literator	A person devoted to the study of literary trifles, esp. trifles belonging to the literature of a former age.
Literator	A learned person; a literatus.
Literature	Learning; acquaintance with letters or books.
Literature	The collective body of literary productions, embracing the entire results of knowledge and fancy preserved in writing; also, the whole body of literary productions or writings upon a given subject, or in reference to a particular science or branch of knowledge, or of a given country or period; as, the literature of Biblical criticism; the literature of chemistry.
Literature	The class of writings distinguished for beauty of style or expression, as poetry, essays, or history, in distinction from scientific treatises and works which contain positive knowledge; belles-lettres.
Literature	The occupation, profession, or business of doing literary work.
Literati	of Literatus
Literatus	A learned man; a man acquainted with literature; -- chiefly used in the plural.
-lith	Alt. of -lite
-lite	Combining forms fr. Gr. li`qos a stone; -- used chiefly in naming minerals and rocks.
Lith	3d pers. sing. pres. of Lie, to recline, for lieth.
Lith	A joint or limb; a division; a member; a part formed by growth, and articulated to, or symmetrical with, other parts.
Lithaemia	A condition in which uric (lithic) acid is present in the blood.
Lithagogue	A medicine having, or supposed to have, the power of expelling calculous matter with the urine.
Litharge	Lead monoxide; a yellowish red substance, obtained as an amorphous powder, or crystallized in fine scales, by heating lead moderately in a current of air or by calcining lead nitrate or carbonate. It is used in making flint glass, in glazing earthenware, in making red lead minium, etc. Called also massicot.
Lithargyrum	Crystallized litharge, obtained by fusion in the form of fine yellow scales.
Lithate	A salt of lithic or uric acid; a urate.
Lithe	To listen or listen to; to hearken to.
Lithe	Mild; calm; as, lithe weather.
Lithe	Capable of being easily bent; pliant; flexible; limber; as, the elephant's lithe proboscis.
Lithe	To smooth; to soften; to palliate.
Lithely	In a lithe, pliant, or flexible manner.
Litheness	The quality or state of being lithe; flexibility; limberness.
Lither	Bad; wicked; false; worthless; slothful.
Litherly	Crafty; cunning; mischievous; wicked; treacherous; lazy.
Lithesome	Pliant; limber; flexible; supple; nimble; lissom.
Lithia	The oxide of lithium; a strong alkaline caustic similar to potash and soda, but weaker. See Lithium.
Lithiasis	The formation of stony concretions or calculi in any part of the body, especially in the bladder and urinary passages.
Lithic	Of or pertaining to stone; as, lithic architecture.
Lithic	Pertaining to the formation of uric-acid concretions (stone) in the bladder and other parts of the body; as, lithic diathesis.
Lithic	A medicine which tends to prevent stone in the bladder.
Lithic	Pertaining to or denoting lithium or some of its compounds.
Lithiophilite	A phosphate of manganese and lithium; a variety of triphylite.
Lithium	A metallic element of the alkaline group, occurring in several minerals, as petalite, spodumene, lepidolite, triphylite, etc., and otherwise widely disseminated, though in small quantities.
Litho	A combining form from Gr. li`qos, stone.
Lithobilic	Pertaining to or designating an organic acid of the tartaric acid series, distinct from lithofellic acid, but, like it, obtained from certain bile products, as bezoar stones.
Lithocarp	Fossil fruit; a fruit petrified; a carpolite.
Lithochromatics	See Lithochromics.
Lithochromics	The art of printing colored pictures on canvas from oil paintings on stone.
Lithoclast	An instrument for crushing stones in the bladder.
Lithocyst	A sac containing small, calcareous concretions (otoliths). They are found in many Medusae, and other invertebrates, and are supposed to be auditory organs.
Lithodome	Any one of several species of bivalves, which form holes in limestone, in which they live; esp., any species of the genus Lithodomus.
Lithodomous	Like, or pertaining to, Lithodomus; lithophagous.
Lithodomus	A genus of elongated bivalve shells, allied to the mussels, and remarkable for their ability to bore holes for shelter, in solid limestone, shells, etc. Called also Lithophagus.
Lithofellic	Pertaining to, or designating, a crystalline, organic acid, resembling cholic acid, found in the biliary intestinal concretions (bezoar stones) common in certain species of antelope.
Lithofracteur	An explosive compound of nitroglycerin. See Nitroglycerin.
Lithogenesy	The doctrine or science of the origin of the minerals composing the globe.
Lithogenous	Stone-producing; -- said of polyps which form coral.
Lithoglyph	An engraving on a gem.
Lithoglypher	One who curs or engraves precious stones.
Lithoglyphic	Of or pertaining to the art of cutting and engraving precious stones.
Lithoglyptics	The art of cutting and engraving gems.
Lithographed	of Lithograph
Lithographing	of Lithograph
Lithograph	To trace on stone by the process of lithography so as to transfer the design to paper by printing; as, to lithograph a design; to lithograph a painting. See Lithography.
Lithograph	A print made by lithography.
Lithographer	One who lithographs; one who practices lithography.
Lithographic	Alt. of Lithographical
Lithographical	Of or pertaining to lithography; made by lithography; as, the lithographic art; a lithographic picture.
Lithography	The art or process of putting designs or writing, with a greasy material, on stone, and of producing printed impressions therefrom. The process depends, in the main, upon the antipathy between grease and water, which prevents a printing ink containing oil from adhering to wetted parts of the stone not covered by the design. See Lithographic limestone, under Lithographic.
Lithoid	Alt. of Lithoidal
Lithoidal	Like a stone; having a stony structure.
Litholatry	The worship of a stone or stones.
Lithologic	Alt. of Lithological
Lithological	Of or pertaining to the character of a rock, as derived from the nature and mode of aggregation of its mineral contents.
Lithological	Of or pertaining to lithology.
Lithologically	From a lithological point of view; as, to consider a stratum lithologically.
Lithologist	One who is skilled in lithology.
Lithology	The science which treats of rocks, as regards their mineral constitution and classification, and their mode of occurrence in nature.
Lithology	A treatise on stones found in the body.
Lithomancy	Divination by means of stones.
Lithomarge	A clay of a fine smooth texture, and very sectile.
Lithonthriptic	Alt. of Lithonthryptic
Lithonthryptic	Same as Lithontriptic.
Lithontriptic	Having the quality of, or used for, dissolving or destroying stone in the bladder or kidneys; as, lithontriptic forceps.
Lithontriptic	A lithontriptic remedy or agent, as distilled water.
Lithontriptist	Same as Lithotriptist.
Lithontriptor	See Lithotriptor.
Lithophagous	Eating or swallowing stones or gravel, as the ostrich.
Lithophagous	Eating or destroying stone; -- applied to various animals which make burrows in stone, as many bivalve mollusks, certain sponges, annelids, and sea urchins. See Lithodomus.
Lithophane	Porcelain impressed with figures which are made distinct by transmitted light, -- as when hung in a window, or used as a lamp shade.
Lithophosphor	A stone that becomes phosphoric by heat.
Lithophosphoric	Pertaining to lithophosphor; becoming phosphoric by heat.
Lithophotography	Same as Photolithography.
Lithophyll	A fossil leaf or impression of a leaf.
Lithophyse	A spherulitic cavity often with concentric chambers, observed in some volcanic rocks, as in rhyolitic lavas. It is supposed to be produced by expanding gas, whence the name.
Lithophyte	A hard, or stony, plantlike organism, as the gorgonians, corals, and corallines, esp. those gorgonians having a calcareous axis. All the lithophytes except the corallines are animals.
Lithophytic	Of or pertaining to lithophytes.
Lithophytous	Lithophytic.
Lithosian	Any one of various species of moths belonging to the family Lithosidae. Many of them are beautifully colored.
Lithotint	A kind of lithography by which the effect of a tinted drawing is produced, as if made with India ink.
Lithotint	A picture produced by this process.
Lithotome	A stone so formed by nature as to appear as if cut by art.
Lithotome	An instrument used for cutting the bladder in operations for the stone.
Lithotomic	Alt. of Lithotomical
Lithotomical	Pertaining to, or performed by, lithotomy.
Lithotomist	One who performs the operation of cutting for stone in the bladder, or one who is skilled in the operation.
Lithotomy	The operation, art, or practice of cutting for stone in the bladder.
Lithotripsy	The operation of crushing a stone in the bladder with an instrument called lithotriptor or lithotrite; lithotrity.
Lithotriptic	Same as Lithontriptic.
Lithotriptist	One skilled in breaking and extracting stone in the bladder.
Lithotriptor	An instrument for triturating the stone in the bladder; a lithotrite.
Lithotrite	Alt. of Lithotritor
Lithotritor	A lithotriptor.
Lithotritist	A lithotriptist.
Lithotrity	The operation of breaking a stone in the bladder into small pieces capable of being voided.
Lithotype	A kind of stereotype plate made by lithotypy; also, that which in printed from it. See Lithotypy.
Lithotyped	of Lithotype
Lithotyping	of Lithotype
Lithotype	To prepare for printing with plates made by the process of lithotypy. See Lithotypy.
Lithotypic	Of, pertaining to, or produced by, lithotypy.
Lithotypy	The art or process of making a kind of hard, stereotypeplate, by pressing into a mold, taken from a page of type or other matter, a composition of gum shell-lac and sand of a fine quality, together with a little tar and linseed oil, all in a heated state.
Lithoxyl	Petrified wood.
Lithuanian	Of or pertaining to Lithuania (formerly a principality united with Poland, but now Russian and Prussian territory).
Lithuanian	A native, or one of the people, of Lithuania; also, the language of the Lithuanian people.
Lithy	Easily bent; pliable.
Litigable	Such as can be litigated.
Litigant	Disposed to litigate; contending in law; engaged in a lawsuit; as, the parties litigant.
Litigant	A person engaged in a lawsuit.
Litigated	of Litigate
Litigating	of Litigate
Litigate	To make the subject of a lawsuit; to contest in law; to prosecute or defend by pleadings, exhibition of evidence, and judicial debate in a court; as, to litigate a cause.
Litigate	To carry on a suit by judicial process.
Litigation	The act or process of litigating; a suit at law; a judicial contest.
Litigator	One who litigates.
Litigious	Inclined to judicial contest; given to the practice of contending in law; guarrelsome; contentious; fond of litigation.
Litigious	Subject to contention; disputable; controvertible; debatable; doubtful; precarious.
Litigious	Of or pertaining to legal disputes.
Litigiously	In a litigious manner.
Litigiousness	The state of being litigious; disposition to engage in or carry on lawsuits.
Litmus	A dyestuff extracted from certain lichens (Roccella tinctoria, Lecanora tartarea, etc.), as a blue amorphous mass which consists of a compound of the alkaline carbonates with certain coloring matters related to orcin and orcein.
Litotes	A diminution or softening of statement for the sake of avoiding censure or increasing the effect by contrast with the moderation shown in the form of expression; as, " a citizen of no mean city," that is, of an illustrious city.
Litraneter	An instrument for ascertaining the specific gravity of liquids.
Litre	Same as Liter.
Litter	A bed or stretcher so arranged that a person, esp. a sick or wounded person, may be easily carried in or upon it.
Litter	Straw, hay, etc., scattered on a floor, as bedding for animals to rest on; also, a covering of straw for plants.
Litter	Things lying scattered about in a manner indicating slovenliness; scattered rubbish.
Litter	Disorder or untidiness resulting from scattered rubbish, or from thongs lying about uncared for; as, a room in a state of litter.
Litter	The young brought forth at one time, by a sow or other multiparous animal, taken collectively. Also Fig.
Littered	of Litter
Littering	of Litter
Litter	To supply with litter, as cattle; to cover with litter, as the floor of a stall.
Litter	To put into a confused or disordered condition; to strew with scattered articles; as, to litter a room.
Litter	To give birth to; to bear; -- said of brutes, esp. those which produce more than one at a birth, and also of human beings, in abhorrence or contempt.
Litter	To be supplied with litter as bedding; to sleep or make one's bed in litter.
Litter	To produce a litter.
Litterateur	One who occupies himself with literature; a literary man; a literatus.
Littery	Covered or encumbered with litter; consisting of or constituting litter.
Little	Small in size or extent; not big; diminutive; -- opposed to big or large; as, a little body; a little animal; a little piece of ground; a little hill; a little distance; a little child.
Little	Short in duration; brief; as, a little sleep.
Little	Small in quantity or amount; not much; as, a little food; a little air or water.
Little	Small in dignity, power, or importance; not great; insignificant; contemptible.
Little	Small in force or efficiency; not strong; weak; slight; inconsiderable; as, little attention or exertion;little effort; little care or diligence.
Little	Small in extent of views or sympathies; narrow; shallow; contracted; mean; illiberal; ungenerous.
Little	That which is little; a small quantity, amount, space, or the like.
Little	A small degree or scale; miniature.
Little	In a small quantity or degree; not much; slightly; somewhat; -- often with a preceding it.
Little-ease	An old slang name for the pillory, stocks, etc., of a prison.
Littleness	The state or quality of being little; as, littleness of size, thought, duration, power, etc.
Littoral	Of or pertaining to a shore, as of the sea.
Littoral	Inhabiting the seashore, esp. the zone between high-water and low-water mark.
Littorina	A genus of small pectinibranch mollusks, having thick spiral shells, abundant between tides on nearly all rocky seacoasts. They feed on seaweeds. The common periwinkle is a well-known example. See Periwinkle.
Littress	A smooth kind of cartridge paper used for making cards.
Litate	Forked, with the points slightly curved outward.
Lituiform	Having the form of a lituus; like a lituite.
Lituite	Any species of ammonites of the genus Lituites. They are found in the Cretaceous formation.
Liturate	Having indistinct spots, paler at their margins.
Liturate	Spotted, as if from abrasions of the surface.
Liturgic	Alt. of Liturgical
Liturgical	Pertaining to, of or the nature of, a liturgy; of or pertaining to public prayer and worship.
Liturgically	In the manner of a liturgy.
Liturgics	The science of worship; history, doctrine, and interpretation of liturgies.
Liturgiologist	One versed in liturgiology.
Liturgiology	The science treating of liturgical matters; a treatise on, or description of, liturgies.
Liturgist	One who favors or adheres strictly to a liturgy.
Liturgies	of Liturgy
Liturgy	An established formula for public worship, or the entire ritual for public worship in a church which uses prescribed forms; a formulary for public prayer or devotion. In the Roman Catholic Church it includes all forms and services in any language, in any part of the world, for the celebration of Mass.
Litui	of Lituus
Lituus	A curved staff used by the augurs in quartering the heavens.
Lituus	An instrument of martial music; a kind of trumpet of a somewhat curved form and shrill note.
Lituus	A spiral whose polar equation is r2/ = a; that is, a curve the square of whose radius vector varies inversely as the angle which the radius vector makes with a given line.
Livable	Such as can be lived.
Livable	Such as in pleasant to live in; fit or suitable to live in.
Lived	of Live
Living	of Live
Live	To be alive; to have life; to have, as an animal or a plant, the capacity of assimilating matter as food, and to be dependent on such assimilation for a continuance of existence; as, animals and plants that live to a great age are long in reaching maturity.
Live	To pass one's time; to pass life or time in a certain manner, as to habits, conduct, or circumstances; as, to live in ease or affluence; to live happily or usefully.
Live	To make one's abiding place or home; to abide; to dwell; to reside.
Live	To be or continue in existence; to exist; to remain; to be permanent; to last; -- said of inanimate objects, ideas, etc.
Live	To enjoy or make the most of life; to be in a state of happiness.
Live	To feed; to subsist; to be nourished or supported; -- with on; as, horses live on grass and grain.
Live	To have a spiritual existence; to be quickened, nourished, and actuated by divine influence or faith.
Live	To be maintained in life; to acquire a livelihood; to subsist; -- with on or by; as, to live on spoils.
Live	To outlast danger; to float; -- said of a ship, boat, etc.; as, no ship could live in such a storm.
Live	To spend, as one's life; to pass; to maintain; to continue in, constantly or habitually; as, to live an idle or a useful life.
Live	To act habitually in conformity with; to practice.
Live	Having life; alive; living; not dead.
Live	Being in a state of ignition; burning; having active properties; as, a live coal; live embers.
Live	Full of earnestness; active; wide awake; glowing; as, a live man, or orator.
Live	Vivid; bright.
Live	Imparting power; having motion; as, the live spindle of a lathe.
Live	Life.
Lived	Having life; -- used only in composition; as, long-lived; short-lived.
Live-forever	A plant (Sedum Telephium) with fleshy leaves, which has extreme powers of resisting drought; garden ox-pine.
Livelihed	See Livelihood.
Livelihood	Subsistence or living, as dependent on some means of support; support of life; maintenance.
Livelihood	Liveliness; appearance of life.
Livelily	In a lively manner.
Liveliness	The quality or state of being lively or animated; sprightliness; vivacity; animation; spirit; as, the liveliness of youth, contrasted with the gravity of age.
Liveliness	An appearance of life, animation, or spirit; as, the liveliness of the eye or the countenance in a portrait.
Liveliness	Briskness; activity; effervescence, as of liquors.
Livelode	Course of life; means of support; livelihood.
Livelong	Whole; entire; long in passing; -- used of time, as day or night, in adverbial phrases, and usually with a sense of tediousness.
Livelong	Lasting; durable.
Lively	Endowed with or manifesting life; living.
Lively	Brisk; vivacious; active; as, a lively youth.
Lively	Gay; airy; animated; spirited.
Lively	Representing life; lifelike.
Lively	Bright; vivid; glowing; strong; vigorous.
Lively	In a brisk, active, or animated manner; briskly; vigorously.
Lively	With strong resemblance of life.
Liver	One who, or that which, lives.
Liver	A resident; a dweller; as, a liver in Brooklyn.
Liver	One whose course of life has some marked characteristic (expressed by an adjective); as, a free liver.
Liver	A very large glandular and vascular organ in the visceral cavity of all vertebrates.
Liver	The glossy ibis (Ibis falcinellus); -- said to have given its name to the city of Liverpool.
Liver-colored	Having a color like liver; dark reddish brown.
Livered	Having (such) a liver; used in composition; as, white-livered.
Liver-grown	Having an enlarged liver.
Liveried	Wearing a livery. See Livery, 3.
Livering	A kind of pudding or sausage made of liver or pork.
Liverleaf	Same as Liverwort.
Liverwort	A ranunculaceous plant (Anemone Hepatica) with pretty white or bluish flowers and a three-lobed leaf; -- called also squirrel cups.
Liverwort	A flowerless plant (Marchantia polymorpha), having an irregularly lobed, spreading, and forking frond.
Liveries	of Livery
Livery	The act of delivering possession of lands or tenements.
Livery	The writ by which possession is obtained.
Livery	Release from wardship; deliverance.
Livery	That which is delivered out statedly or formally, as clothing, food, etc.
Livery	The uniform clothing issued by feudal superiors to their retainers and serving as a badge when in military service.
Livery	The peculiar dress by which the servants of a nobleman or gentleman are distinguished; as, a claret-colored livery.
Livery	Hence, also, the peculiar dress or garb appropriated by any association or body of persons to their own use; as, the livery of the London tradesmen, of a priest, of a charity school, etc.; also, the whole body or company of persons wearing such a garb, and entitled to the privileges of the association; as, the whole livery of London.
Livery	Hence, any characteristic dress or outward appearance.
Livery	An allowance of food statedly given out; a ration, as to a family, to servants, to horses, etc.
Livery	The feeding, stabling, and care of horses for compensation; boarding; as, to keep one's horses at livery.
Livery	The keeping of horses in readiness to be hired temporarily for riding or driving; the state of being so kept.
Livery	A low grade of wool.
Livery	To clothe in, or as in, livery.
Liverymen	of Liveryman
Liveryman	One who wears a livery, as a servant.
Liveryman	A freeman of the city, in London, who, having paid certain fees, is entitled to wear the distinguishing dress or livery of the company to which he belongs, and also to enjoy certain other privileges, as the right of voting in an election for the lord mayor, sheriffs, chamberlain, etc.
Liveryman	One who keeps a livery stable.
Livery stable	A stable where horses are kept for hire, and where stabling is provided. See Livery, n., 3 (e) (f) & (g).
Lives	pl. of Life.
Lives	Alive; living; with life.
Livid	Black and blue; grayish blue; of a lead color; discolored, as flesh by contusion.
Lividity	The state or quality of being livid.
Lividness	Lividity.
Laving	Being alive; having life; as, a living creature.
Laving	Active; lively; vigorous; -- said esp. of states of the mind, and sometimes of abstract things; as, a living faith; a living principle.
Laving	Issuing continually from the earth; running; flowing; as, a living spring; -- opposed to stagnant.
Laving	Producing life, action, animation, or vigor; quickening.
Laving	Ignited; glowing with heat; burning; live.
Living	The state of one who, or that which, lives; lives; life; existence.
Living	Manner of life; as, riotous living; penurious living; earnest living.
Living	Means of subsistence; sustenance; estate.
Living	Power of continuing life; the act of living, or living comfortably.
Living	The benefice of a clergyman; an ecclesiastical charge which a minister receives.
Livingly	In a living state.
Livingness	The state or quality of being alive; possession of energy or vigor; animation; quickening.
Livonian	Of or pertaining to Livonia, a district of Russia near the Baltic Sea.
Livinian	A native or an inhabitant of Livonia; the language (allied to the Finnish) of the Livonians.
Livor	Malignity.
Livraison	A part of a book or literary composition printed and delivered by itself; a number; a part.
Livre	A French money of account, afterward a silver coin equal to 20 sous. It is not now in use, having been superseded by the franc.
Lixivial	Impregnated with, or consisting of, alkaline salts extracted from wood ashes; impregnated with a salt or salts like a lixivium.
Lixivial	Of the color of lye; resembling lye.
Lixivial	Having the qualities of alkaline salts extracted from wood ashes.
Lixiviate	Alt. of Lixivited
Lixivited	Of or pertaining to lye or lixivium; of the quality of alkaline salts.
Lixivited	Impregnated with salts from wood ashes.
Lixiviated	of Lixiviate
Lixiviating	of Lixiviate
Lixiviate	To subject to a washing process for the purpose of separating soluble material from that which is insoluble; to leach, as ashes, for the purpose of extracting the alkaline substances.
Lixiviation	Lixiviating; the process of separating a soluble substance form one that is insoluble, by washing with some solvent, as water; leaching.
Lixivious	See Lixivial.
Lixivium	A solution of alkaline salts extracted from wood ashes; hence, any solution obtained by lixiviation.
Lixt	2d pers. sing. pres. of Lige, to lie, to tell lies, -- contracted for ligest.
Liza	The American white mullet (Mugil curema).
Lizard	Any one of the numerous species of reptiles belonging to the order Lacertilia; sometimes, also applied to reptiles of other orders, as the Hatteria.
Lizard	A piece of rope with thimble or block spliced into one or both of the ends.
Lizard	A piece of timber with a forked end, used in dragging a heavy stone, a log, or the like, from a field.
Lizard's tail	A perennial plant of the genus Saururus (S. cernuus), growing in marshes, and having white flowers crowded in a slender terminal spike, somewhat resembling in form a lizard's tail; whence the name.
Llama	A South American ruminant (Auchenia llama), allied to the camels, but much smaller and without a hump. It is supposed to be a domesticated variety of the guanaco. It was formerly much used as a beast of burden in the Andes.
Llandeilo group	A series of strata in the lower Silurian formations of Great Britain; -- so named from Llandeilo in Southern Wales. See Chart of Geology.
Llanero	One of the inhabitants of the llanos of South America.
Llanos	of Llano
Llano	An extensive plain with or without vegetation.
Lloyd's	An association of underwriters and others in London, for the collection and diffusion of marine intelligence, the insurance, classification, registration, and certifying of vessels, and the transaction of business of various kinds connected with shipping.
Lloyd's	A part of the Royal Exchange, in London, appropriated to the use of underwriters and insurance brokers; -- called also Lloyd's Rooms.
Lo	Look; see; behold; observe.
Loach	Any one of several small, fresh-water, cyprinoid fishes of the genera Cobitis, Nemachilus, and allied genera, having six or more barbules around the mouth. They are found in Europe and Asia. The common European species (N. barbatulus) is used as a food fish.
Load	A burden; that which is laid on or put in anything for conveyance; that which is borne or sustained; a weight; as, a heavy load.
Load	The quantity which can be carried or drawn in some specified way; the contents of a cart, barrow, or vessel; that which will constitute a cargo; lading.
Load	That which burdens, oppresses, or grieves the mind or spirits; as, a load of care.
Load	A particular measure for certain articles, being as much as may be carried at one time by the conveyance commonly used for the article measured; as, a load of wood; a load of hay; specifically, five quarters.
Load	The charge of a firearm; as, a load of powder.
Load	Weight or violence of blows.
Load	The work done by a steam engine or other prime mover when working.
Loaded	of Load
Loading	of Load
Load	To lay a load or burden on or in, as on a horse or in a cart; to charge with a load, as a gun; to furnish with a lading or cargo, as a ship; hence, to add weight to, so as to oppress or embarrass; to heap upon.
Load	To adulterate or drug; as, to load wine.
Load	To magnetize.
Loader	One who, or that which, loads; a mechanical contrivance for loading, as a gun.
Loading	The act of putting a load on or into.
Loading	A load; cargo; burden.
Loadmanage	Alt. of Lodemanage
Lodemanage	Pilotage; skill of a pilot or loadsman.
Loadsman	Alt. of Lodesman
Lodesman	A pilot.
Loadstar	Alt. of Lodestar
Lodestar	A star that leads; a guiding star; esp., the polestar; the cynosure.
Loadstone	Alt. of Lodestone
Lodestone	A piece of magnetic iron ore possessing polarity like a magnetic needle. See Magnetite.
Loaves	of Loaf
Loaf	Any thick lump, mass, or cake; especially, a large regularly shaped or molded mass, as of bread, sugar, or cake.
Loafed	of Loaf
Loafing	of Loaf
Loaf	To spend time in idleness; to lounge or loiter about.
Loaf	To spend in idleness; -- with away; as, to loaf time away.
Loafer	One who loafs; a lazy lounger.
Loam	A kind of soil; an earthy mixture of clay and sand, with organic matter to which its fertility is chiefly due.
Loam	A mixture of sand, clay, and other materials, used in making molds for large castings, often without a pattern.
Loamed	of Loam
Loaming	of Loam
Loam	To cover, smear, or fill with loam.
Loamy	Consisting of loam; partaking of the nature of loam; resembling loam.
Loan	A loanin.
Loan	The act of lending; a lending; permission to use; as, the loan of a book, money, services.
Loan	That which one lends or borrows, esp. a sum of money lent at interest; as, he repaid the loan.
Loaned	of Loan
Loaning	of Loan
Loan	To lend; -- sometimes with out.
Loanable	Such as can be lent; available for lending; as, loanable funds; -- used mostly in financial business and writings.
Loanin	Alt. of Loaning
Loaning	An open space between cultivated fields through which cattle are driven, and where the cows are sometimes milked; also, a lane.
Loanmonger	A dealer in, or negotiator of, loans.
Loath	Hateful; odious; disliked.
Loath	Filled with disgust or aversion; averse; unwilling; reluctant; as, loath to part.
Loathed	of Loathe
Loathing	of Loathe
Loathe	To feel extreme disgust at, or aversion for.
Loathe	To dislike greatly; to abhor; to hate.
Loathe	To feel disgust or nausea.
Loather	One who loathes.
Loathful	Full of loathing; hating; abhorring.
Loathful	Causing a feeling of loathing; disgusting.
Loathing	Extreme disgust; a feeling of aversion, nausea, abhorrence, or detestation.
Loathingly	With loathing.
Loathliness	Loathsomeness.
Loathly	Loathsome.
Loathly	Unwillingly; reluctantly.
Loathly	(/) So as to cause loathing.
Loathness	Unwillingness; reluctance.
Loathsome	Fitted to cause loathing; exciting disgust; disgusting.
Loathy	Loathsome.
Loaves	pl. of Loaf.
Lob	A dull, heavy person.
Lob	Something thick and heavy.
Lobbed	of Lob
Lobbing	of Lob
Lob	To let fall heavily or lazily.
Lob	See Cob, v. t.
Lob	The European pollock.
Lobar	Of or pertaining to a lobe; characterized by, or like, a lobe or lobes.
Lobate	Alt. of Lobated
Lobated	Consisting of, or having, lobes; lobed; as, a lobate leaf.
Lobated	Having lobes; -- said of the tails of certain fishes having the integument continued to the bases of the fin rays.
Lobated	Furnished with membranous flaps, as the toes of a coot. See Illust. (m) under Aves.
Lobately	As a lobe; so as to make a lobe; in a lobate manner.
Lobbish	Like a lob; consisting of lobs.
Lobbies	of Lobby
Lobby	A passage or hall of communication, especially when large enough to serve also as a waiting room. It differs from an antechamber in that a lobby communicates between several rooms, an antechamber to one only; but this distinction is not carefully preserved.
Lobby	That part of a hall of legislation not appropriated to the official use of the assembly; hence, the persons, collectively, who frequent such a place to transact business with the legislators; any persons, not members of a legislative body, who strive to influence its proceedings by personal agency.
Lobby	An apartment or passageway in the fore part of an old-fashioned cabin under the quarter-deck.
Lobby	A confined place for cattle, formed by hedges. trees, or other fencing, near the farmyard.
Lobbied	of Lobby
Lobbying	of Lobby
Lobby	To address or solicit members of a legislative body in the lobby or elsewhere, with the purpose to influence their votes.
Lobby	To urge the adoption or passage of by soliciting members of a legislative body; as, to lobby a bill.
Lobbyist	A member of the lobby; a person who solicits members of a legislature for the purpose of influencing legislation.
Lobcock	A dull, sluggish person; a lubber; a lob.
Lobe	Any projection or division, especially one of a somewhat rounded form
Lobe	A rounded projection or division of a leaf.
Lobe	A membranous flap on the sides of the toes of certain birds, as the coot.
Lobe	A round projecting part of an organ, as of the liver, lungs, brain, etc. See Illust. of Brain.
Lobe	The projecting part of a cam wheel or of a non-circular gear wheel.
Lobed	Having lobes; lobate.
Lobefoot	A bird having lobate toes; esp., a phalarope.
Lobe-footed	Lobiped.
Lobelet	A small lobe; a lobule.
Lobelia	A genus of plants, including a great number of species. Lobelia inflata, or Indian tobacco, is an annual plant of North America, whose leaves contain a poisonous white viscid juice, of an acrid taste. It has often been used in medicine as an emetic, expectorant, etc. L. cardinalis is the cardinal flower, remarkable for the deep and vivid red color of its flowers.
Lobeliaceous	Of or pertaining to a natural order of plants of which the genus Lobelia is the type.
Lobelin	A yellowish green resin from Lobelia, used as an emetic and diaphoretic.
Lobeline	A poisonous narcotic alkaloid extracted from the leaves of Indian tobacco (Lobelia inflata) as a yellow oil, having a tobaccolike taste and odor.
Lobiped	Having lobate toes, as a coot.
Loblolly	Gruel; porridge; -- so called among seamen.
Lobosa	An order of Rhizopoda, in which the pseudopodia are thick and irregular in form, as in the Amoeba.
Lobscouse	A combination of meat with vegetables, bread, etc., usually stewed, sometimes baked; an olio.
Lobsided	See Lopsided.
Lobspound	A prison.
Lobster	Any large macrurous crustacean used as food, esp. those of the genus Homarus; as the American lobster (H. Americanus), and the European lobster (H. vulgaris). The Norwegian lobster (Nephrops Norvegicus) is similar in form. All these have a pair of large unequal claws. The spiny lobsters of more southern waters, belonging to Palinurus, Panulirus, and allied genera, have no large claws. The fresh-water crayfishes are sometimes called lobsters.
Lobular	Like a lobule; pertaining to a lobule or lobules.
Lobulate	Alt. of Lobulated
Lobulated	Made up of, or divided into, lobules; as, a lobulated gland.
Lobule	A small lobe; a subdivision of a lobe.
Lobulette	A little lobule, or subdivision of a lobule.
Lobworm	The lugworm.
Local	Of or pertaining to a particular place, or to a definite region or portion of space; restricted to one place or region; as, a local custom.
Local	A train which receives and deposits passengers or freight along the line of the road; a train for the accommodation of a certain district.
Local	On newspaper cant, an item of news relating to the place where the paper is published.
Locale	A place, spot, or location.
Locale	A principle, practice, form of speech, or other thing of local use, or limited to a locality.
Localism	The state or quality of being local; affection for a particular place.
Localism	A method of speaking or acting peculiar to a certain district; a local idiom or phrase.
Localitiees	of Locality
Locality	The state, or condition, of belonging to a definite place, or of being contained within definite limits.
Locality	Position; situation; a place; a spot; esp., a geographical place or situation, as of a mineral or plant.
Locality	Limitation to a county, district, or place; as, locality of trial.
Locality	The perceptive faculty concerned with the ability to remember the relative positions of places.
Localization	Act of localizing, or state of being localized.
Localized	of Localize
Localizing	of Localize
Localize	To make local; to fix in, or assign to, a definite place.
Locally	With respect to place; in place; as, to be locally separated or distant.
Located	of Locate
Locating	of Locate
Locate	To place; to set in a particular spot or position.
Locate	To designate the site or place of; to define the limits of; as, to locate a public building; to locate a mining claim; to locate (the land granted by) a land warrant.
Locate	To place one's self; to take up one's residence; to settle.
Location	The act or process of locating.
Location	Situation; place; locality.
Location	That which is located; a tract of land designated in place.
Location	A leasing on rent.
Location	A contract for the use of a thing, or service of a person, for hire.
Location	The marking out of the boundaries, or identifying the place or site of, a piece of land, according to the description given in an entry, plan, map, etc.
Locative	Indicating place, or the place where, or wherein; as, a locative adjective; locative case of a noun.
Locative	The locative case.
Locator	One who locates, or is entitled to locate, land or a mining claim.
Locellate	Divided into secondary compartments or cells, as where one cavity is separated into several smaller ones.
Loch	A lake; a bay or arm of the sea.
Loch	A kind of medicine to be taken by licking with the tongue; a lambative; a lincture.
Lochaber ax	Alt. of Lochaber axe
Lochaber axe	A weapon of war, consisting of a pole armed with an axhead at its end, formerly used by the Scotch Highlanders.
Lochage	An officer who commanded a company; a captain.
Lochan	A small lake; a pond.
Loche	See Loach.
Lochia	The discharge from the womb and vagina which follows childbirth.
Lochial	Of or pertaining to the lochia.
Lock	A tuft of hair; a flock or small quantity of wool, hay, or other like substance; a tress or ringlet of hair.
Lock	Anything that fastens; specifically, a fastening, as for a door, a lid, a trunk, a drawer, and the like, in which a bolt is moved by a key so as to hold or to release the thing fastened.
Lock	A fastening together or interlacing; a closing of one thing upon another; a state of being fixed or immovable.
Lock	A place from which egress is prevented, as by a lock.
Lock	The barrier or works which confine the water of a stream or canal.
Lock	An inclosure in a canal with gates at each end, used in raising or lowering boats as they pass from one level to another; -- called also lift lock.
Lock	That part or apparatus of a firearm by which the charge is exploded; as, a matchlock, flintlock, percussion lock, etc.
Lock	A device for keeping a wheel from turning.
Lock	A grapple in wrestling.
Locked	of Lock
Locking	of Lock
Lock	To fasten with a lock, or as with a lock; to make fast; to prevent free movement of; as, to lock a door, a carriage wheel, a river, etc.
Lock	To prevent ingress or access to, or exit from, by fastening the lock or locks of; -- often with up; as, to lock or lock up, a house, jail, room, trunk. etc.
Lock	To fasten in or out, or to make secure by means of, or as with, locks; to confine, or to shut in or out -- often with up; as, to lock one's self in a room; to lock up the prisoners; to lock up one's silver; to lock intruders out of the house; to lock money into a vault; to lock a child in one's arms; to lock a secret in one's breast.
Lock	To link together; to clasp closely; as, to lock arms.
Lock	To furnish with locks; also, to raise or lower (a boat) in a lock.
Lock	To seize, as the sword arm of an antagonist, by turning the left arm around it, to disarm him.
Lock	To become fast, as by means of a lock or by interlacing; as, the door locks close.
Lockage	Materials for locks in a canal, or the works forming a lock or locks.
Lockage	Toll paid for passing the locks of a canal.
Lockage	Amount of elevation and descent made by the locks of a canal.
Lock-down	A contrivance to fasten logs together in rafting; -- used by lumbermen.
Locked-jaw	See Lockjaw.
Locken	of Lock.
Locken	The globeflower (Trollius).
Locker	One who, or that which, locks.
Locker	A drawer, cupboard, compartment, or chest, esp. one in a ship, that may be closed with a lock.
Locket	A small lock; a catch or spring to fasten a necklace or other ornament.
Locket	A little case for holding a miniature or lock of hair, usually suspended from a necklace or watch chain.
Lock hospital	A hospital for the treatment of venereal diseases.
Lockjaw	A contraction of the muscles of the jaw by which its motion is suspended; a variety of tetanus.
Lockless	Destitute of a lock.
Lockman	A public executioner.
Lockout	The closing of a factory or workshop by an employer, usually in order to bring the workmen to satisfactory terms by a suspension of wages.
Lockram	A kind of linen cloth anciently used in England, originally imported from Brittany.
Locksmith	An artificer whose occupation is to make or mend locks.
Lock step	A mode of marching by a body of men going one after another as closely as possible, in which the leg of each moves at the same time with the corresponding leg of the person before him.
Lock stitch	A peculiar sort of stitch formed by the locking of two threads together, as in the work done by some sewing machines. See Stitch.
Lockup	A place where persons under arrest are temporarily locked up; a watchhouse.
Lock-weir	A waste weir for a canal, discharging into a lock chamber.
Locky	Having locks or tufts.
Loco	A direction in written or printed music to return to the proper pitch after having played an octave higher.
Loco	A plant (Astragalus Hornii) growing in the Southwestern United States, which is said to poison horses and cattle, first making them insane. The name is also given vaguely to several other species of the same genus. Called also loco weed.
Locofoco	A friction match.
Locofoco	A nickname formerly given to a member of the Democratic party.
Locomotion	The act of moving from place to place.
Locomotion	The power of moving from place to place, characteristic of the higher animals and some of the lower forms of plant life.
Locomotive	Moving from place to place; changing place, or able to change place; as, a locomotive animal.
Locomotive	Used in producing motion; as, the locomotive organs of an animal.
Locomotive	A locomotive engine; a self-propelling wheel carriage, especially one which bears a steam boiler and one or more steam engines which communicate motion to the wheels and thus propel the carriage, -- used to convey goods or passengers, or to draw wagons, railroad cars, etc. See Illustration in Appendix.
Locomotiveness	Alt. of Locomotivity
Locomotivity	The power of changing place.
Locomotor	Of or pertaining to movement or locomotion.
Loculament	The cell of a pericarp in which the seed is lodged.
Locular	Of or relating to the cell or compartment of an ovary, etc.; in composition, having cells; as trilocular.
Loculate	Divided into compartments.
Locule	A little hollow; a loculus.
Loculicidal	Dehiscent through the middle of the back of each cell; -- said of capsules.
Loculose	Alt. of Loculous
Loculous	Divided by internal partitions into cells, as the pith of the pokeweed.
Loculi	of Loculus
Loculus	One of the spaces between the septa in the Anthozoa.
Loculus	One of the compartments of a several-celled ovary; loculament.
Locum tenens	A substitute or deputy; one filling an office for a time.
Loci	of Locus
Loca	of Locus
Locus	A place; a locality.
Locus	The line traced by a point which varies its position according to some determinate law; the surface described by a point or line that moves according to a given law.
Locust	Any one of numerous species of long-winged, migratory, orthopterous insects, of the family Acrididae, allied to the grasshoppers; esp., (Edipoda, / Pachytylus, migratoria, and Acridium perigrinum, of Southern Europe, Asia, and Africa. In the United States the related species with similar habits are usually called grasshoppers. See Grasshopper.
Locust	The locust tree. See Locust Tree (definition, note, and phrases).
Locusta	The spikelet or flower cluster of grasses.
Locustella	The European cricket warbler.
Locustic	Pertaining to, or derived from, the locust; -- formerly used to designate a supposed acid.
Locusting	Swarming and devastating like locusts.
Locust tree	A large North American tree of the genus Robinia (R. Pseudacacia), producing large slender racemes of white, fragrant, papilionaceous flowers, and often cultivated as an ornamental tree. In England it is called acacia.
Locution	Speech or discourse; a phrase; a form or mode of expression.
Locutory	A room for conversation; especially, a room in monasteries, where the monks were allowed to converse.
Lodde	The capelin.
Lode	A water course or way; a reach of water.
Lode	A metallic vein; any regular vein or course, whether metallic or not.
Lodemanage	Pilotage.
Lode-ship	An old name for a pilot boat.
Lodesman	Same as Loadsman.
Lodestar	Same as Loadstar.
Lodestone	Same as Loadstone.
Lodge	A shelter in which one may rest; as: (a) A shed; a rude cabin; a hut; as, an Indian's lodge.
Lodge	A small dwelling house, as for a gamekeeper or gatekeeper of an estate.
Lodge	A den or cave.
Lodge	The meeting room of an association; hence, the regularly constituted body of members which meets there; as, a masonic lodge.
Lodge	The chamber of an abbot, prior, or head of a college.
Lodge	The space at the mouth of a level next the shaft, widened to permit wagons to pass, or ore to be deposited for hoisting; -- called also platt.
Lodge	A collection of objects lodged together.
Lodge	A family of North American Indians, or the persons who usually occupy an Indian lodge, -- as a unit of enumeration, reckoned from four to six persons; as, the tribe consists of about two hundred lodges, that is, of about a thousand individuals.
Lodged	of Lodge
Lodging	of Lodge
Lodge	To rest or remain a lodge house, or other shelter; to rest; to stay; to abide; esp., to sleep at night; as, to lodge in York Street.
Lodge	To fall or lie down, as grass or grain, when overgrown or beaten down by the wind.
Lodge	To come to a rest; to stop and remain; as, the bullet lodged in the bark of a tree.
Lodge	To give shelter or rest to; especially, to furnish a sleeping place for; to harbor; to shelter; hence, to receive; to hold.
Lodge	To drive to shelter; to track to covert.
Lodge	To deposit for keeping or preservation; as, the men lodged their arms in the arsenal.
Lodge	To cause to stop or rest in; to implant.
Lodge	To lay down; to prostrate.
Lodgeable	That may be or can be lodged; as, so many persons are not lodgeable in this village.
Lodgeable	Capable of affording lodging; fit for lodging in.
Lodged	Lying down; -- used of beasts of the chase, as couchant is of beasts of prey.
Lodgement	See Lodgment.
Lodger	One who, or that which, lodges; one who occupies a hired room in another's house.
Lodging	The act of one who, or that which, lodges.
Lodging	A place of rest, or of temporary habitation; esp., a sleeping apartment; -- often in the plural with a singular meaning.
Lodging	Abiding place; harbor; cover.
Lodgment	The act of lodging, or the state of being lodged.
Lodgment	A lodging place; a room.
Lodgment	An accumulation or collection of something deposited in a place or remaining at rest.
Lodgment	The occupation and holding of a position, as by a besieging party; an instrument thrown up in a captured position; as, to effect a lodgment.
Lodicule	One of the two or three delicate membranous scales which are next to the stamens in grasses.
Loellingite	A tin-white arsenide of iron, isomorphous with arsenopyrite.
Loess	A quaternary deposit, usually consisting of a fine yellowish earth, on the banks of the Rhine and other large rivers.
Loeven's larva	The peculiar larva of Polygordius. See Polygordius.
Loffe	To laugh.
Loft	That which is lifted up; an elevation.
Loft	The room or space under a roof and above the ceiling of the uppermost story.
Loft	A gallery or raised apartment in a church, hall, etc.; as, an organ loft.
Loft	A floor or room placed above another; a story.
Loft	Lofty; proud.
Loftily	In a lofty manner or position; haughtily.
Loftiness	The state or quality of being lofty.
Lofty	Lifted high up; having great height; towering; high.
Lofty	Fig.: Elevated in character, rank, dignity, spirit, bearing, language, etc.; exalted; noble; stately; characterized by pride; haughty.
Log	A Hebrew measure of liquids, containing 2.37 gills.
Log	A bulky piece of wood which has not been shaped by hewing or sawing.
Log	An apparatus for measuring the rate of a ship's motion through the water.
Log	Hence: The record of the rate of ship's speed or of her daily progress; also, the full nautical record of a ship's cruise or voyage; a log slate; a log book.
Log	A record and tabulated statement of the work done by an engine, as of a steamship, of the coal consumed, and of other items relating to the performance of machinery during a given time.
Log	A weight or block near the free end of a hoisting rope to prevent it from being drawn through the sheave.
Logged	of Log
Logging	of Log
Log	To enter in a ship's log book; as, to log the miles run.
Log	To engage in the business of cutting or transporting logs for timber; to get out logs.
Log	To move to and fro; to rock.
Logan	A rocking or balanced stone.
Logaoedic	Composed of dactyls and trochees so arranged as to produce a movement like that of ordinary speech.
Logarithm	One of a class of auxiliary numbers, devised by John Napier, of Merchiston, Scotland (1550-1617), to abridge arithmetical calculations, by the use of addition and subtraction in place of multiplication and division.
Logarithmetic	Alt. of Logarithmetical
Logarithmetical	See Logarithmic.
Logarithmetically	Logarithmically.
Logarithmic	Alt. of Logarithmical
Logarithmical	Of or pertaining to logarithms; consisting of logarithms.
Logarithmically	By the use of logarithms.
Log-chip	A thin, flat piece of board in the form of a quadrant of a circle attached to the log line; -- called also log-ship. See 2d Log, n., 2.
Logcock	The pileated woodpecker.
Loge	A lodge; a habitation.
Loggan	See Logan.
Loggat	A small log or piece of wood.
Loggat	An old game in England, played by throwing pieces of wood at a stake set in the ground.
Logge	See Lodge.
Logged	Made slow and heavy in movement; water-logged.
Logger	One engaged in logging. See Log, v. i.
Loggerhead	A blockhead; a dunce; a numskull.
Loggerhead	A spherical mass of iron, with a long handle, used to heat tar.
Loggerhead	An upright piece of round timber, in a whaleboat, over which a turn of the line is taken when it is running out too fast.
Loggerhead	A very large marine turtle (Thalassochelys caretta, / caouana), common in the warmer parts of the Atlantic Ocean, from Brazil to Cape Cod; -- called also logger-headed turtle.
Loggerhead	An American shrike (Lanius Ludovicianus), similar to the butcher bird, but smaller. See Shrike.
Loggerheaded	Dull; stupid.
Loggerheads	The knapweed.
Loggia	A roofed open gallery. It differs from a veranda in being more architectural, and in forming more decidedly a part of the main edifice to which it is attached; from a porch, in being intended not for entrance but for an out-of-door sitting-room.
Logging	The business of felling trees, cutting them into logs, and transporting the logs to sawmills or to market.
Logic	The science or art of exact reasoning, or of pure and formal thought, or of the laws according to which the processes of pure thinking should be conducted; the science of the formation and application of general notions; the science of generalization, judgment, classification, reasoning, and systematic arrangement; correct reasoning.
Logic	A treatise on logic; as, Mill's Logic.
Logical	Of or pertaining to logic; used in logic; as, logical subtilties.
Logical	According to the rules of logic; as, a logical argument or inference; the reasoning is logical.
Logical	Skilled in logic; versed in the art of thinking and reasoning; as, he is a logical thinker.
Logicality	Logicalness.
Logically	In a logical manner; as, to argue logically.
Logicalness	The quality of being logical.
Logician	A person skilled in logic.
Logics	See Logic.
Logistic	Alt. of Logistical
Logistical	Logical.
Logistical	Sexagesimal, or made on the scale of 60; as, logistic, or sexagesimal, arithmetic.
Logistics	That branch of the military art which embraces the details of moving and supplying armies. The meaning of the word is by some writers extended to include strategy.
Logistics	A system of arithmetic, in which numbers are expressed in a scale of 60; logistic arithmetic.
Logmen	of Logman
Logman	A man who carries logs.
Logodaedaly	Verbal legerdemain; a playing with words.
Logogram	A word letter; a phonogram, that, for the sake of brevity, represents a word; as, |, i. e., t, for it.  Cf. Grammalogue.
Logographer	A chronicler; one who writes history in a condensed manner with short simple sentences.
Logographer	One skilled in logography.
Logographic	Alt. of Logographical
Logographical	Of or pertaining to logography.
Logography	A method of printing in which whole words or syllables, cast as single types, are used.
Logography	A mode of reporting speeches without using shorthand, -- a number of reporters, each in succession, taking down three or four words.
Logogriph	A sort of riddle in which it is required to discover a chosen word from various combinations of its letters, or of some of its letters, which form other words; -- thus, to discover the chosen word chatter form cat, hat, rat, hate, rate, etc.
Logomachist	One who contends about words.
Logomachy	Contention in words merely, or a contention about words; a war of words.
Logomachy	A game of word making.
Logometric	Serving to measure or ascertain chemical equivalents; stoichiometric.
Logos	A word; reason; speech.
Logos	The divine Word; Christ.
Logothete	An accountant; under Constantine, an officer of the empire; a receiver of revenue; an administrator of a department.
Logotype	A single type, containing two or more letters; as, ae, Ae, /, /, /, etc. ; -- called also ligature.
Logroll	To engage in logrolling; to accomplish by logrolling.
Logroller	One who engages in logrolling.
Logrolling	The act or process of rolling logs from the place where they were felled to the stream which floats them to the sawmill or to market. In this labor neighboring camps of loggers combine to assist each other in turn.
Logrolling	Hence: A combining to assist another in consideration of receiving assistance in return; -- sometimes used of a disreputable mode of accomplishing political schemes or ends.
Log-ship	A part of the log. See Log-chip, and 2d Log, n., 2.
Logwood	The heartwood of a tree (Haematoxylon Campechianum), a native of South America, It is a red, heavy wood, containing a crystalline substance called haematoxylin, and is used largely in dyeing. An extract from this wood is used in medicine as an astringent. Also called Campeachy wood, and bloodwood.
-logy	A combining form denoting a discourse, treatise, doctrine, theory, science; as, theology, geology, biology, mineralogy.
Logy	Heavy or dull in respect to motion or thought; as, a logy horse.
Lohock	See Loch, a medicine.
Loimic	Of or pertaining to the plague or contagious disorders.
Loin	That part of a human being or quadruped, which extends on either side of the spinal column between the hip bone and the false ribs. In human beings the loins are also called the reins. See Illust. of Beef.
Loir	A large European dormouse (Myoxus glis).
Loitered	of Loiter
Loitering	of Loiter
Loiter	To be slow in moving; to delay; to linger; to be dilatory; to spend time idly; to saunter; to lag behind.
Loiter	To wander as an idle vagrant.
Loiterer	One who loiters; an idler.
Loiterer	An idle vagrant; a tramp.
Loiteringly	In a loitering manner.
Lok	Alt. of Loki
Loki	The evil deity, the author of all calamities and mischief, answering to the African of the Persians.
Locao	A green vegetable dye imported from China.
Loke	A private path or road; also, the wicket or hatch of a door.
Lokorys	Liquorice.
Loligo	A genus of cephalopods, including numerous species of squids, common on the coasts of America and Europe. They are much used for fish bait.
Lolled	of Loll
Lolling	of Loll
Loll	To act lazily or indolently; to recline; to lean; to throw one's self down; to lie at ease.
Loll	To hand extended from the mouth, as the tongue of an ox or a log when heated with labor or exertion.
Loll	To let the tongue hang from the mouth, as an ox, dog, or other animal, when heated by labor; as, the ox stood lolling in the furrow.
Loll	To let hang from the mouth, as the tongue.
Lollard	One of a sect of early reformers in Germany.
Lollard	One of the followers of Wyclif in England.
Lollardism	Alt. of Lollardy
Lollardy	The doctrines or principles of the Lollards.
Loller	One who lolls.
Loller	An idle vagabond.
Loller	A Lollard.
Lollingly	In a lolling manner.
Lollipop	A kind of sugar confection which dissolves easily in the mouth.
Lollop	To move heavily; to lounge or idle; to loll.
Lomata	of Loma
Loma	A lobe; a membranous fringe or flap.
Lomatinous	Furnished with lobes or flaps.
Lombard	Of or pertaining to Lombardy, or the inhabitants of Lombardy.
Lombard	A native or inhabitant of Lombardy.
Lombard	A money lender or banker; -- so called because the business of banking was first carried on in London by Lombards.
Lombard	Same as Lombard-house.
Lombard	A form of cannon formerly in use.
Lombardeer	A pawnbroker.
Lombard-house	Alt. of Lombar-house
Lombar-house	A bank or a pawnbroker's shop.
Lombar-house	A public institution for lending money to the poor at a moderate interest, upon articles deposited and pledged; -- called also mont de piete.
Lombardic	Of or pertaining to Lombardy of the Lombards.
Loment	An elongated pod, consisting, like the legume, of two valves, but divided transversely into small cells, each containing a single seed.
Lomentaceous	Of the nature of a loment; having fruits like loments.
Lomonite	Same as Laumontite.
Lompish	Lumpish.
Lond	Land.
London	The capital city of England.
Londoner	A native or inhabitant of London.
Londonism	A characteristic of Londoners; a mode of speaking peculiar to London.
Londonize	To impart to (one) a manner or character like that which distinguishes Londoners.
Londonize	To imitate the manner of the people of London.
Lone	A lane. See Loanin.
Lone	Being without a companion; being by one's self; also, sad from lack of companionship; lonely; as, a lone traveler or watcher.
Lone	Single; unmarried, or in widowhood.
Lone	Being apart from other things of the kind; being by itself; also, apart from human dwellings and resort; as, a lone house.
Lone	Unfrequented by human beings; solitary.
Loneliness	The condition of being lonely; solitude; seclusion.
Loneliness	The state of being unfrequented by human beings; as, the loneliness of a road.
Loneliness	Love of retirement; disposition to solitude.
Loneliness	A feeling of depression resulting from being alone.
Lonely	Sequestered from company or neighbors; solitary; retired; as, a lonely situation; a lonely cell.
Lonely	Alone, or in want of company; forsaken.
Lonely	Not frequented by human beings; as, a lonely wood.
Lonely	Having a feeling of depression or sadness resulting from the consciousness of being alone; lonesome.
Loneness	Solitude; seclusion.
Lonesome	Secluded from society; not frequented by human beings; solitary.
Lonesome	Conscious of, and somewhat depressed by, solitude; as, to feel lonesome.
Long	Drawn out in a line, or in the direction of length; protracted; extended; as, a long line; -- opposed to short, and distinguished from broad or wide.
Long	Drawn out or extended in time; continued through a considerable tine, or to a great length; as, a long series of events; a long debate; a long drama; a long history; a long book.
Long	Slow in passing; causing weariness by length or duration; lingering; as, long hours of watching.
Long	Occurring or coming after an extended interval; distant in time; far away.
Long	Extended to any specified measure; of a specified length; as, a span long; a yard long; a mile long, that is, extended to the measure of a mile, etc.
Long	Far-reaching; extensive.
Long	Prolonged, or relatively more prolonged, in utterance; -- said of vowels and syllables. See Short, a., 13, and Guide to Pronunciation, // 22, 30.
Long	A note formerly used in music, one half the length of a large, twice that of a breve.
Long	A long sound, syllable, or vowel.
Long	The longest dimension; the greatest extent; -- in the phrase, the long and the short of it, that is, the sum and substance of it.
Long	To a great extent in apace; as, a long drawn out line.
Long	To a great extent in time; during a long time.
Long	At a point of duration far distant, either prior or posterior; as, not long before; not long after; long before the foundation of Rome; long after the Conquest.
Long	Through the whole extent or duration.
Long	Through an extent of time, more or less; -- only in question; as, how long will you be gone?
Long	By means of; by the fault of; because of.
Longed	of Long
Longing	of Long
Long	To feel a strong or morbid desire or craving; to wish for something with eagerness; -- followed by an infinitive, or by after or for.
Long	To belong; -- used with to, unto, or for.
Longan	A pulpy fruit related to the litchi, and produced by an evergreen East Indian tree (Nephelium Longan).
Longanimity	Disposition to bear injuries patiently; forbearance; patience.
Long-armed	Having long arms; as, the long-armed ape or gibbon.
Longbeak	The American redbellied snipe (Macrorhamphus scolopaceus); -- called also long-billed dowitcher.
Longboat	Formerly, the largest boat carried by a merchant vessel, corresponding to the launch of a naval vessel.
Longbow	The ordinary bow, not mounted on a stock; -- so called in distinction from the crossbow when both were used as weapons of war. Also, sometimes, such a bow of about the height of a man, as distinguished from a much shorter one.
Long-breathed	Having the power of retaining the breath for a long time; long-winded.
Long-drawn	Extended to a great length.
Longe	A thrust. See Lunge.
Longe	The training ground for a horse.
Longe	Same as 4th Lunge.
Longer	One who longs for anything.
Longeval	Long-loved; longevous.
Longevity	Long duration of life; length of life.
Longevous	Living a long time; of great age.
Longhand	The written characters used in the common method of writing; -- opposed to shorthand.
Longheaded	Having unusual foresight or sagacity.
Longhorn	A long-horned animal, as a cow, goat, or beetle. See Long-horned.
Long-horned	Having a long horn or horns; as, a long-horned goat, or cow; having long antennae, as certain beetles (Longicornia).
Longicorn	Long-horned; pertaining to the Longicornia.
Longicorn	One of the Longicornia.
Longicornia	A division of beetles, including a large number of species, in which the antennae are very long.  Most of them, while in the larval state, bore into the wood or beneath the bark of trees, and some species are very destructive to fruit and shade trees. See Apple borer, under Apple, and Locust beetle, under Locust.
Longilateral	Having long sides especially, having the form of a long parallelogram.
Longiloquence	Long-windedness.
Longimanous	Having long hands.
Longimetry	The art or practice of measuring distances or lengths.
Longing	An eager desire; a craving; a morbid appetite; an earnest wish; an aspiration.
Longingly	With longing.
Longinquity	Greatness of distance; remoteness.
Longipalp	One of a tribe of beetles, having long maxillary palpi.
Longipennate	Having long wings, or quills.
Longipennes	A group of longwinged sea birds, including the gulls, petrels, etc.
Longipennine	Of or pertaining to the Longipennes; longipennate.
Longirostres	of Longiroster
Longirosters	of Longiroster
Longiroster	One of the Longirostres.
Longirostral	Having a long bill; of or pertaining to the Longirostres.
Longirostres	A group of birds characterized by having long slender bills, as the sandpipers, curlews, and ibises. It is now regarded as an artificial division.
Longish	Somewhat long; moderately long.
Longitude	Length; measure or distance along the longest line; -- distinguished from breadth or thickness; as, the longitude of a room; rare now, except in a humorous sense.
Longitude	The arc or portion of the equator intersected between the meridian of a given place and the meridian of some other place from which longitude is reckoned, as from Greenwich, England, or sometimes from the capital of a country, as from Washington or Paris. The longitude of a place is expressed either in degrees or in time; as, that of New York is 74 or 4 h. 56 min. west of Greenwich.
Longitude	The distance in degrees, reckoned from the vernal equinox, on the ecliptic, to a circle at right angles to the ecliptic passing through the heavenly body whose longitude is designated; as, the longitude of Capella is 79.
Longitudinal	Of or pertaining to longitude or length; as, longitudinal distance.
Longitudinal	Extending in length; in the direction of the length; running lengthwise, as distinguished from transverse; as, the longitudinal diameter of a body.
Longitudinal	A railway sleeper lying parallel with the rail.
Longitudinally	In the direction of length.
Longlegs	A daddy longlegs.
Long-lived	Having a long life; having constitutional peculiarities which make long life probable; lasting long; as, a long-lived tree; they are a longlived family; long-lived prejudices.
Longly	With longing desire.
Longly	For a long time; hence, wearisomely.
Longmynd rocks	The sparingly fossiliferous conglomerates, grits, schists, and states of Great Britain, which lie at the base of the Cambrian system; -- so called, because typically developed in the Longmynd Hills, Shropshire.
Longness	Length.
Longnose	The European garfish.
Long primer	A kind of type, in size between small pica and bourgeois.
Longshanks	The stilt.
Longshore	Belonging to the seashore or a seaport; along and on the shore.
Longshoremen	of Longshoreman
Longshoreman	One of a class of laborers employed about the wharves of a seaport, especially in loading and unloading vessels.
Long-sight	Long-sightedness.
Long-sighted	Able to see objects at a great distance; hence, having great foresight; sagacious; farseeing.
Long-sighted	Able to see objects distinctly at a distance, but not close at hand; hypermetropic.
Long-sightedness	The state or condition of being long-sighted; hence, sagacity; shrewdness.
Long-sightedness	See Hypermetropia.
Longsome	Extended in length; tiresome.
Longspun	Spun out, or extended, to great length; hence, long-winded; tedious.
Longspur	Any one of several species of fringilline birds of the genus Calcarius (or Plectrophanes), and allied genera. The Lapland longspur (C. Lapponicus), the chestnut-colored longspur (C. ornatus), and other species, inhabit the United States.
Long-stop	One who is set to stop balls which pass the wicket keeper.
Long-sufferance	Forbearance to punish or resent.
Long-suffering	Bearing injuries or provocation for a long time; patient; not easily provoked.
Long-suffering	Long patience of offense.
Longtail	An animal, particularly a log, having an uncut tail.  Cf. Curtail. Dog.
Long-tongue	The wryneck.
Long-tongued	Having a long tongue.
Long-tongued	Talkative; babbling; loquacious.
Longulite	A kind of crystallite having a (slender) acicular form.
Long-waisted	Having a long waist; long from the armpits to the armpits to the bottom of the waist; -- said of persons.
Long-waisted	Long from the part about the neck or shoulder, or from the armpits, to the bottom of the weist, or to the skirt; -- said of garments; as, a long-waisted coat.
Longways	Lengthwise.
Long-winded	Long-breathed; hence, tediously long in speaking; consuming much time; as, a long-winded talker.
Longwise	Lengthwise.
Loo	An old game played with five, or three, cards dealt to each player from a full pack. When five cards are used the highest card is the knave of clubs or (if so agreed upon) the knave of trumps; -- formerly called lanterloo.
Loo	A modification of the game of "all fours" in which the players replenish their hands after each round by drawing each a card from the pack.
Looed	of Loo
Looing	of Loo
Loo	To beat in the game of loo by winning every trick.
Loob	The clay or slimes washed from tin ore in dressing.
Loobily	Loobylike; awkward.
Loobily	Awkwardly.
Loobies	of Looby
Looby	An awkward, clumsy fellow; a lubber.
Looch	See 2d Loch.
Loof	The spongelike fibers of the fruit of a cucurbitaceous plant (Luffa Aegyptiaca); called also vegetable sponge.
Loof	Formerly, some appurtenance of a vessel which was used in changing her course; -- probably a large paddle put over the lee bow to help bring her head nearer to the wind.
Loof	The part of a ship's side where the planking begins to curve toward bow and stern.
Loof	See Luff.
Looked	of Look
Looking	of Look
Look	To direct the eyes for the purpose of seeing something; to direct the eyes toward an object; to observe with the eyes while keeping them directed; -- with various prepositions, often in a special or figurative sense. See Phrases below.
Look	To direct the attention (to something); to consider; to examine; as, to look at an action.
Look	To seem; to appear; to have a particular appearance; as, the patient looks better; the clouds look rainy.
Look	To have a particular direction or situation; to face; to front.
Look	In the imperative: see; behold; take notice; take care; observe; -- used to call attention.
Look	To show one's self in looking, as by leaning out of a window; as, look out of the window while I speak to you. Sometimes used figuratively.
Look	To await the appearance of anything; to expect; to anticipate.
Look	To look at; to turn the eyes toward.
Look	To seek; to search for.
Look	To expect.
Look	To influence, overawe, or subdue by looks or presence as, to look down opposition.
Look	To express or manifest by a look.
Look	The act of looking; a glance; a sight; a view; -- often in certain phrases; as, to have, get, take, throw, or cast, a look.
Look	Expression of the eyes and face; manner; as, a proud or defiant look.
Look	Hence; Appearance; aspect; as, the house has a gloomy look; the affair has a bad look.
Lookdown	See Moonfish (b).
Looker	One who looks.
Looking	Having a certain look or appearance; -- often compounded with adjectives; as, good-looking, grand-looking, etc.
Looking	The act of one who looks; a glance.
Looking	The manner in which one looks; appearance; countenance; face.
Looking-glass	A mirror made of glass on which has been placed a backing of some reflecting substance, as quicksilver.
Lookout	A careful looking or watching for any object or event.
Lookout	The place from which such observation is made.
Lookout	A person engaged in watching.
Lookout	Object or duty of forethought and care; responsibility.
Lool	A vessel used to receive the washings of ores of metals.
Loom	See Loon, the bird.
Loom	A frame or machine of wood or other material, in which a weaver forms cloth out of thread; a machine for interweaving yarn or threads into a fabric, as in knitting or lace making.
Loom	That part of an oar which is near the grip or handle and inboard from the rowlock.
Loomed	of Loom
Looming	of Loom
Loom	To appear above the surface either of sea or land, or to appear enlarged, or distorted and indistinct, as a distant object, a ship at sea, or a mountain, esp. from atmospheric influences; as, the ship looms large; the land looms high.
Loom	To rise and to be eminent; to be elevated or ennobled, in a moral sense.
Loom	The state of looming; esp., an unnatural and indistinct appearance of elevation or enlargement of anything, as of land or of a ship, seen by one at sea.
Loom-gale	A gentle gale of wind.
Looming	The indistinct and magnified appearance of objects seen in particular states of the atmosphere. See Mirage.
Loon	A sorry fellow; a worthless person; a rogue.
Loon	Any one of several aquatic, wed-footed, northern birds of the genus Urinator (formerly Colymbus), noted for their expertness in diving and swimming under water. The common loon, or great northern diver (Urinator imber, or Colymbus torquatus), and the red-throated loon or diver (U. septentrionalis), are the best known species. See Diver.
Loony	See Luny.
Loop	A mass of iron in a pasty condition gathered into a ball for the tilt hammer or rolls.
Loop	A fold or doubling of a thread, cord, rope, etc., through which another thread, cord, etc., can be passed, or which a hook can be hooked into; an eye, as of metal; a staple; a noose; a bight.
Loop	A small, narrow opening; a loophole.
Loop	A curve of any kind in the form of a loop.
Loop	A wire forming part of a main circuit and returning to the point from which it starts.
Loop	The portion of a vibrating string, air column, etc., between two nodes; -- called also ventral segment.
Looped	of Loop
Looping	of Loop
Loop	To make a loop of or in; to fasten with a loop or loops; -- often with up; as, to loop a string; to loop up a curtain.
Looped	Bent, folded, or tied, so as to make a loop; as, a looped wire or string.
Looped	Full of holes.
Looper	An instrument, as a bodkin, for forming a loop in yarn, a cord, etc.
Looper	The larva of any species of geometrid moths. See Geometrid.
Loophole	A small opening, as in the walls of fortification, or in the bulkhead of a ship, through which small arms or other weapons may be discharged at an enemy.
Loophole	A hole or aperture that gives a passage, or the means of escape or evasion.
Loopholed	Provided with loopholes.
Loopie	Deceitful; cunning; sly.
Looping	The running together of the matter of an ore into a mass, when the ore is only heated for calcination.
Looping	of Loop.
Looplight	A small narrow opening or window in a tower or fortified wall; a loophole.
Loord	A dull, stupid fellow; a drone.
Loos	Praise; fame; reputation.
Loose	Unbound; untied; unsewed; not attached, fastened, fixed, or confined; as, the loose sheets of a book.
Loose	Free from constraint or obligation; not bound by duty, habit, etc. ; -- with from or of.
Loose	Not tight or close; as, a loose garment.
Loose	Not dense, close, compact, or crowded; as, a cloth of loose texture.
Loose	Not precise or exact; vague; indeterminate; as, a loose style, or way of reasoning.
Loose	Not strict in matters of morality; not rigid according to some standard of right.
Loose	Unconnected; rambling.
Loose	Lax; not costive; having lax bowels.
Loose	Dissolute; unchaste; as, a loose man or woman.
Loose	Containing or consisting of obscene or unchaste language; as, a loose epistle.
Loose	Freedom from restraint.
Loose	A letting go; discharge.
Loosed	of Loose
Loosing	of Loose
Loose	To untie or unbind; to free from any fastening; to remove the shackles or fastenings of; to set free; to relieve.
Loose	To release from anything obligatory or burdensome; to disengage; hence, to absolve; to remit.
Loose	To relax; to loosen; to make less strict.
Loose	To solve; to interpret.
Loose	To set sail.
Loosely	In a loose manner.
Loosened	of Loosen
Loosening	of Loosen
Loosen	To make loose; to free from tightness, tension, firmness, or fixedness; to make less dense or compact; as, to loosen a string, or a knot; to loosen a rock in the earth.
Loosen	To free from restraint; to set at liberty..
Loosen	To remove costiveness from; to facilitate or increase the alvine discharges of.
Loosen	To become loose; to become less tight, firm, or compact.
Loosener	One who, or that which, loosens.
Looseness	The state, condition, or quality, of being loose; as, the looseness of a cord; looseness of style; looseness of morals or of principles.
Loosestrife	The name of several species of plants of the genus Lysimachia, having small star-shaped flowers, usually of a yellow color.
Loosestrife	Any species of the genus Lythrum, having purple, or, in some species, crimson flowers.
Loosish	Somewhat loose.
Loot	The act of plundering.
Loot	Plunder; booty; especially, the boot taken in a conquered or sacked city.
Looted	of Loot
Looting	of Loot
Loot	To plunder; to carry off as plunder or a prize lawfully obtained by war.
Looter	A plunderer.
Loover	See Louver.
Lop	A flea.
Lopped	of Lop
Lopping	of Lop
Lop	To cut off as the top or extreme part of anything; to sho/ -- by cutting off the extremities; to cut off, or remove as superfluous parts; as, to lop a tree or its branches.
Lop	To cut partly off and bend down; as, to lop bushes in a hedge.
Lop	That which is lopped from anything, as branches from a tree.
Lop	To hang downward; to be pendent; to lean to one side.
Lop	To let hang down; as, to lop the head.
Lop	Hanging down; as, lop ears; -- used also in compound adjectives; as, lopeared; lopsided.
Lope	of Leap.
Loped	of Lope
Loping	of Lope
Lope	To leap; to dance.
Lope	To move with a lope, as a horse.
Lope	A leap; a long step.
Lope	An easy gait, consisting of long running strides or leaps.
Lopeared	Having ears which lop or hang down.
Lopeman	Leaper; ropedancer.
Loper	One who, or that which, lopes; esp., a horse that lopes.
Loper	A swivel at one end of a ropewalk, used in laying the strands.
Lophine	A nitrogenous organic base obtained by the oxidation of amarine, and regarded as a derivative of benzoic aldehyde. It is obtained in long white crystalline tufts, -- whence its name.
Lophiomys	A very singular rodent (Lophiomys Imhausi) of Northeastern Africa. It is the only known representative of a special family (Lophiomyidae), remarkable for the structure of the skull. It has handlike feet, and the hair is peculiar in structure and arrangement.
Lophobranch	Of or pertaining to the Lophobranchii.
Lophobranch	One of the Lophobranchii.
Lophobranchiate	Of or pertaining to the Lophobranchii.
Lophobranchii	An order of teleostean fishes, having the gills arranged in tufts on the branchial arches, as the Hippocampus and pipefishes.
Lophophore	A disk which surrounds the mouth and bears the tentacles of the Bryozoa. See Phylactolemata.
Lophopoda	Same as Phylactolemata.
Lophostea	of Lophosteon
Lophosteons	of Lophosteon
Lophosteon	The central keel-bearing part of the sternum in birds.
Loppard	A tree, the top of which has been lopped off.
Lopper	One who lops or cuts off.
Loppered	of Lopper
Loppering	of Lopper
Lopper	To turn sour and coagulate from too long standing, as milk.
Lopping	A cutting off, as of branches; that which is cut off; leavings.
Loppy	Somewhat lop; inclined to lop.
Lopseed	A perennial herb (Phryma Leptostachya), having slender seedlike fruits.
Lopsided	Leaning to one side because of some defect of structure; as, a lopsided ship.
Lopsided	Unbalanced; poorly proportioned; full of idiosyncrasies.
Loquacious	Given to continual talking; talkative; garrulous.
Loquacious	Speaking; expressive.
Loquacious	Apt to blab and disclose secrets.
Loquaciously	In a loquacious manner.
Loquaciousness	Loquacity.
Loquacity	The habit or practice of talking continually or excessively; inclination to talk too much; talkativeness; garrulity.
Loquat	The fruit of the Japanese medlar (Photinia Japonica). It is as large as a small plum, but grows in clusters, and contains four or five large seeds. Also, the tree itself.
Loral	Of or pertaining to the lores.
Lorate	Having the form of a thong or strap; ligulate.
Lorcha	A kind of light vessel used on the coast of China, having the hull built on a European model, and the rigging like that of a Chinese junk.
Lord	A hump-backed person; -- so called sportively.
Lord	One who has power and authority; a master; a ruler; a governor; a prince; a proprietor, as of a manor.
Lord	A titled nobleman., whether a peer of the realm or not; a bishop, as a member of the House of Lords; by courtesy; the son of a duke or marquis, or the eldest son of an earl; in a restricted sense, a boron, as opposed to noblemen of higher rank.
Lord	A title bestowed on the persons above named; and also, for honor, on certain official persons; as, lord advocate, lord chamberlain, lord chancellor, lord chief justice, etc.
Lord	A husband.
Lord	One of whom a fee or estate is held; the male owner of feudal land; as, the lord of the soil; the lord of the manor.
Lord	The Supreme Being; Jehovah.
Lord	The Savior; Jesus Christ.
Lord	To invest with the dignity, power, and privileges of a lord.
Lord	To rule or preside over as a lord.
Lorded	of Lord
Lording	of Lord
Lord	To play the lord; to domineer; to rule with arbitrary or despotic sway; -- sometimes with over; and sometimes with it in the manner of a transitive verb.
Lording	The son of a lord; a person of noble lineage.
Lording	A little lord; a lordling; a lord, in contempt or ridicule.
Lordkin	A little lord.
Lordlike	Befitting or like a lord; lordly.
Lordlike	Haughty; proud; insolent; arrogant.
Lordliness	The state or quality of being lordly.
Lordling	A little or insignificant lord.
Lordly	Suitable for a lord; of or pertaining to a lord; resembling a lord; hence, grand; noble; dignified; honorable.
Lordly	Proud; haughty; imperious; insolent.
Lordly	In a lordly manner.
Lordolatry	Worship of, or reverence for, a lord as such.
Lordosis	A curvature of the spine forwards, usually in the lumbar region.
Lordosis	Any abnormal curvature of the bones.
Lords and Ladies	The European wake-robin (Arum maculatum), -- those with purplish spadix the lords, and those with pale spadix the ladies.
Lordship	The state or condition of being a lord; hence (with his or your), a title applied to a lord (except an archbishop or duke, who is called Grace) or a judge (in Great Britain), etc.
Lordship	Seigniory; domain; the territory over which a lord holds jurisdiction; a manor.
Lordship	Dominion; power; authority.
Lore	The space between the eye and bill, in birds, and the corresponding region in reptiles and fishes.
Lore	The anterior portion of the cheeks of insects.
Lore	Lost.
Lore	That which is or may be learned or known; the knowledge gained from tradition, books, or experience; often, the whole body of knowledge possessed by a people or class of people, or pertaining to a particular subject; as, the lore of the Egyptians; priestly lore; legal lore; folklore.
Lore	That which is taught; hence, instruction; wisdom; advice; counsel.
Lore	Workmanship.
Loreal	Alt. of Loral
Loral	Of or pertaining to the lore; -- said of certain feathers of birds, scales of reptiles, etc.
Lorel	A good for nothing fellow; a vagabond.
Loren	of Lose.
Loresman	An instructor.
Lorette	In France, a name for a woman who is supported by her lovers, and devotes herself to idleness, show, and pleasure; -- so called from the church of Notre Dame de Lorette, in Paris, near which many of them resided.
Lorettine	One of a order of nuns founded in 1812 at Loretto, in Kentucky. The members of the order (called also Sisters of Loretto, or Friends of Mary at the Foot of the Cross) devote themselves to the cause of education and the care of destitute orphans, their labors being chiefly confined to the Western United States.
Lorgnette	An opera glass
Lorgnette	elaborate double eyeglasses.
Lori	Same as Lory.
Loricae	of Lorica
Lorica	A cuirass, originally of leather, afterward of plates of metal or horn sewed on linen or the like.
Lorica	Lute for protecting vessels from the fire.
Lorica	The protective case or shell of an infusorian or rotifer.
Loricata	A suborder of edentates, covered with bony plates, including the armadillos.
Loricata	The crocodilia.
Loricated	of Loricate
Loricating	of Loricate
Loricate	To cover with some protecting substance, as with lute, a crust, coating, or plates.
Loricate	Covered with a shell or exterior made of plates somewhat like a coat of mail, as in the armadillo.
Loricate	An animal covered with bony scales, as crocodiles among reptiles, and the pangolins among mammals.
Lorication	The act of loricating; the protecting substance put on; a covering of scales or plates.
Lorikeet	Any one numerous species of small brush-tongued parrots or lories, found mostly in Australia, New Guinea and the adjacent islands, with some forms in the East Indies. They are arboreal in their habits and feed largely upon the honey of flowers. They belong to Trichoglossus, Loriculus, and several allied genera.
Lorimer	Alt. of Loriner
Loriner	A maker of bits, spurs, and metal mounting for bridles and saddles; hence, a saddler.
Loring	Instructive discourse.
Loriot	The golden oriole of Europe. See Oriole.
Loris	Any one of several species of small lemurs of the genus Stenops. They have long, slender limbs and large eyes, and are arboreal in their habits. The slender loris (S. gracilis), of Ceylon, in one of the best known species.
Lorn	Lost; undone; ruined.
Lorn	Forsaken; abandoned; solitary; bereft; as, a lone, lorn woman.
Lorries	of Lorry
Lorrie	Alt. of Lorry
Lorry	A small cart or wagon, as those used on the tramways in mines to carry coal or rubbish; also, a barrow or truck for shifting baggage, as at railway stations.
Lories	of Lory
Lory	Any one of many species of small parrots of the family Trichoglossidae, generally having the tongue papillose at the tip, and the mandibles straighter and less toothed than in common parrots. They are found in the East Indies, Australia, New Guinea, and the adjacent islands.  They feed mostly on soft fruits and on the honey of flowers.
Los	Praise. See Loos.
Losable	Such as can be lost.
Losange	See Lozenge.
Losing	of Lose
Lose	To part with unintentionally or unwillingly, as by accident, misfortune, negligence, penalty, forfeit, etc.; to be deprived of; as, to lose money from one's purse or pocket, or in business or gaming; to lose an arm or a leg by amputation; to lose men in battle.
Lose	To cease to have; to possess no longer; to suffer diminution of; as, to lose one's relish for anything; to lose one's health.
Lose	Not to employ; to employ ineffectually; to throw away; to waste; to squander; as, to lose a day; to lose the benefits of instruction.
Lose	To wander from; to miss, so as not to be able to and; to go astray from; as, to lose one's way.
Lose	To ruin; to destroy; as destroy; as, the ship was lost on the ledge.
Lose	To be deprived of the view of; to cease to see or know the whereabouts of; as, he lost his companion in the crowd.
Lose	To fail to obtain or enjoy; to fail to gain or win; hence, to fail to catch with the mind or senses; to miss; as, I lost a part of what he said.
Lose	To cause to part with; to deprive of.
Lose	To prevent from gaining or obtaining.
Lose	To suffer loss, disadvantage, or defeat; to be worse off, esp. as the result of any kind of contest.
Losel	One who loses by sloth or neglect; a worthless person; a lorel.
Losel	Wasteful; slothful.
Losenger	A flatterer; a deceiver; a cozener.
Losengerie	Flattery; deceit; trickery.
Loser	One who loses.
Losing	Given to flattery or deceit; flattering; cozening.
Losing	Causing or incurring loss; as, a losing game or business.
Losingly	In a manner to incur loss.
Loss	The act of losing; failure; destruction; privation; as, the loss of property; loss of money by gaming; loss of health or reputation.
Loss	The state of losing or having lost; the privation, defect, misfortune, harm, etc., which ensues from losing.
Loss	That which is lost or from which one has parted; waste; -- opposed to gain or increase; as, the loss of liquor by leakage was considerable.
Loss	The state of being lost or destroyed; especially, the wreck or foundering of a ship or other vessel.
Loss	Failure to gain or win; as, loss of a race or battle.
Loss	Failure to use advantageously; as, loss of time.
Loss	Killed, wounded, and captured persons, or captured property.
Loss	Destruction or diminution of value, if brought about in a manner provided for in the insurance contract (as destruction by fire or wreck, damage by water or smoke), or the death or injury of an insured person; also, the sum paid or payable therefor; as, the losses of the company this year amount to a million of dollars.
Lossful	Detrimental.
Lossless	Free from loss.
Lost	Parted with unwillingly or unintentionally; not to be found; missing; as, a lost book or sheep.
Lost	Parted with; no longer held or possessed; as, a lost limb; lost honor.
Lost	Not employed or enjoyed; thrown away; employed ineffectually; wasted; squandered; as, a lost day; a lost opportunity or benefit.
Lost	Having wandered from, or unable to find, the way; bewildered; perplexed; as, a child lost in the woods; a stranger lost in London.
Lost	Ruined or destroyed, either physically or morally; past help or hope; as, a ship lost at sea; a woman lost to virtue; a lost soul.
Lost	Hardened beyond sensibility or recovery; alienated; insensible; as, lost to shame; lost to all sense of honor.
Lost	Not perceptible to the senses; no longer visible; as, an island lost in a fog; a person lost in a crowd.
Lost	Occupied with, or under the influence of, something, so as to be insensible of external things; as, to be lost in thought.
Lot	That which happens without human design or forethought; chance; accident; hazard; fortune; fate.
Lot	Anything (as a die, pebble, ball, or slip of paper) used in determining a question by chance, or without man's choice or will; as, to cast or draw lots.
Lot	The part, or fate, which falls to one, as it were, by chance, or without his planning.
Lot	A separate portion; a number of things taken collectively; as, a lot of stationery; -- colloquially, sometimes of people; as, a sorry lot; a bad lot.
Lot	A distinct portion or plot of land, usually smaller than a field; as, a building lot in a city.
Lot	A large quantity or number; a great deal; as, to spend a lot of money; lots of people think so.
Lot	A prize in a lottery.
Lotted	of Lot
Lotting	of Lot
Lot	To allot; to sort; to portion.
Lote	A large tree (Celtis australis), found in the south of Europe. It has a hard wood, and bears a cherrylike fruit. Called also nettle tree.
Lote	The European burbot.
Lote	To lurk; to lie hid.
Loth	Alt. of Lothsome
Lothly	Alt. of Lothsome
Lothsome	See Loath, Loathly, etc.
Lothario	A gay seducer of women; a libertine.
Lotion	A washing, especially of the skin for the purpose of rendering it fair.
Lotion	A liquid preparation for bathing the skin, or an injured or diseased part, either for a medicinal purpose, or for improving its appearance.
Loto	See Lotto.
Lotong	An East Indian monkey (Semnopithecus femoralis).
Lotophagi	A people visited by Ulysses in his wanderings. They subsisted on the lotus. See Lotus (b), and Lotus-eater.
Lotos	See Lotus.
Lotteries	of Lottery
Lottery	A scheme for the distribution of prizes by lot or chance; esp., a gaming scheme in which one or more tickets bearing particular numbers draw prizes, and the rest of tickets are blanks. Fig. : An affair of chance.
Lottery	Allotment; thing allotted.
Lotto	A game of chance, played with cards, on which are inscribed numbers, and any contrivance (as a wheel containing numbered balls) for determining a set of numbers by chance. The player holding a card having on it the set of numbers drawn from the wheel takes the stakes after a certain percentage of them has been deducted for the dealer. A variety of lotto is called keno.
Loture	See Lotion.
Lotus	A name of several kinds of water lilies; as Nelumbium speciosum, used in religious ceremonies, anciently in Egypt, and to this day in Asia; Nelumbium luteum, the American lotus; and Nymphaea Lotus and N. caerulea, the respectively white-flowered and blue-flowered lotus of modern Egypt, which, with Nelumbium speciosum, are figured on its ancient monuments.
Lotus	The lotus of the lotuseaters, probably a tree found in Northern Africa, Sicily, Portugal, and Spain (Zizyphus Lotus), the fruit of which is mildly sweet. It was fabled by the ancients to make strangers who ate of it forget their native country, or lose all desire to return to it.
Lotus	The lote, or nettle tree. See Lote.
Lotus	A genus (Lotus) of leguminous plants much resembling clover.
Lotus	An ornament much used in Egyptian architecture, generally asserted to have been suggested by the Egyptian water lily.
Lotus-eater	Alt. of Lotos-eater
Lotos-eater	One who ate the fruit or leaf of the lotus, and, as a consequence, gave himself up to indolence and daydreams; one of the Lotophagi.
Louchettes	Goggles intended to rectify strabismus by permitting vision only directly in front.
Loud	Having, making, or being a strong or great sound; noisy; striking the ear with great force; as, a loud cry; loud thunder.
Loud	Clamorous; boisterous.
Loud	Emphatic; impressive; urgent; as, a loud call for united effort.
Loud	Ostentatious; likely to attract attention; gaudy; as, a loud style of dress; loud colors.
Loud	With loudness; loudly.
Loudful	Noisy.
Loudly	In a loud manner.
Loud-mouthed	Having a loud voice; talking or sounding noisily; noisily impudent.
Loudness	The quality or state of being loud.
Loud-voiced	Having a loud voice; noisy; clamorous.
Lough	A loch or lake; -- so spelt in Ireland.
Lough	of Laugh.
Louis d'or	Formerly, a gold coin of France nominally worth twenty shillings sterling, but of varying value; -- first struck in 1640.
Lonis quatorze	Of, pertaining to, or resembling, the art or style of the times of Louis XIV. of France; as, Louis quatorze architecture.
Louk	An accomplice; a "pal."
Lounged	of Lounge
Lounging	of Lounge
Lounge	To spend time lazily, whether lolling or idly sauntering; to pass time indolently; to stand, sit, or recline, in an indolent manner.
Lounge	An idle gait or stroll; the state of reclining indolently; a place of lounging.
Lounge	A piece of furniture resembling a sofa, upon which one may lie or recline.
Lounger	One who lounges; ar idler.
Loup	See 1st Loop.
Loup-cervier	The Canada lynx. See Lynx.
Loup-loup	The Pomeranian or Spitz dog.
Loups	The Pawnees, a tribe of North American Indians whose principal totem was the wolf.
Lour	An Asiatic sardine (Clupea Neohowii), valued for its oil.
Louri	See Lory.
Lice	of Louse
Louse	Any one of numerous species of small, wingless, suctorial, parasitic insects belonging to a tribe (Pediculina), now usually regarded as degraded Hemiptera. To this group belong of the lice of man and other mammals; as, the head louse of man (Pediculus capitis), the body louse (P. vestimenti), and the crab louse (Phthirius pubis), and many others. See Crab louse, Dog louse, Cattle louse, etc., under Crab, Dog, etc.
Louse	Any one of numerous small mandibulate insects, mostly parasitic on birds, and feeding on the feathers. They are known as Mallophaga, or bird lice, though some occur on the hair of mammals. They are usually regarded as degraded Pseudoneuroptera. See Mallophaga.
Louse	Any one of the numerous species of aphids, or plant lice. See Aphid.
Louse	Any small crustacean parasitic on fishes. See Branchiura, and Ichthvophthira.
Louse	To clean from lice.
Lousewort	Any species of Pedicularis, a genus of perennial herbs. It was said to make sheep that fed on it lousy.
Lousily	In a lousy manner; in a mean, paltry manner; scurvily.
Lousiness	The state or quality of being lousy.
Lousy	Infested with lice.
Lousy	Mean; contemptible; as, lousy knave.
Lout	To bend; to box; to stoop.
Lout	A clownish, awkward fellow; a bumpkin.
Lout	To treat as a lout or fool; to neglect; to disappoint.
Loutish	Clownish; rude; awkward.
Loutou	A crested black monkey (Semnopithecus maurus) of Java.
Louver	Alt. of Louvre
Louvre	A small lantern. See Lantern, 2 (a).
Lovable	Having qualities that excite, or are fitted to excite, love; worthy of love.
Lovage	An umbelliferous plant (Levisticum officinale), sometimes used in medicine as an aromatic stimulant.
Love	A feeling of strong attachment induced by that which delights or commands admiration; preeminent kindness or devotion to another; affection; tenderness; as, the love of brothers and sisters.
Love	Especially, devoted attachment to, or tender or passionate affection for, one of the opposite sex.
Love	Courtship; -- chiefly in the phrase to make love, i. e., to court, to woo, to solicit union in marriage.
Love	Affection; kind feeling; friendship; strong liking or desire; fondness; good will; -- opposed to hate; often with of and an object.
Love	Due gratitude and reverence to God.
Love	The object of affection; -- often employed in endearing address.
Love	Cupid, the god of love; sometimes, Venus.
Love	A thin silk stuff.
Love	A climbing species of Clematis (C. Vitalba).
Love	Nothing; no points scored on one side; -- used in counting score at tennis, etc.
Loved	of Love
Loving	of Love
Love	To have a feeling of love for; to regard with affection or good will; as, to love one's children and friends; to love one's country; to love one's God.
Love	To regard with passionate and devoted affection, as that of one sex for the other.
Love	To take delight or pleasure in; to have a strong liking or desire for, or interest in; to be pleased with; to like; as, to love books; to love adventures.
Love	To have the feeling of love; to be in love.
Loveable	See Lovable.
Love-drury	Affection.
Lovee	One who is loved.
Loveful	Full of love.
Loveless	Void of love; void of tenderness or kindness.
Loveless	Not attracting love; unattractive.
Lovelily	In manner to excite love; amiably.
Loveliness	The state or quality of being lovely.
Lovelock	A long lock of hair hanging prominently by itself; an earlock; -- worn by men of fashion in the reigns of Elizabeth and James I.
Lovelorn	Forsaken by one's love.
Lovely	Having such an appearance as excites, or is fitted to excite, love; beautiful; charming; very pleasing in form, looks, tone, or manner.
Lovely	Lovable; amiable; having qualities of any kind which excite, or are fitted to excite, love or friendship.
Lovely	Loving; tender.
Lovely	Very pleasing; -- applied loosely to almost anything which is not grand or merely pretty; as, a lovely view; a lovely valley; a lovely melody.
Lovely	In a manner to please, or to excite love.
Love-making	Courtship.
Lovemonger	One who deals in affairs of love.
Lover	One who loves; one who is in love; -- usually limited, in the singular, to a person of the male sex.
Lover	A friend; one strongly attached to another; one who greatly desires the welfare of any person or thing; as, a lover of his country.
Lover	One who has a strong liking for anything, as books, science, or music.
Lover	Alt. of Lovery
Lovery	See Louver.
Loverwise	As lovers do.
Love-sick	Languishing with love or amorous desire; as, a love-sick maid.
Love-sick	Originating in, or expressive of, languishing love.
Love-sickness	The state of being love-sick.
Lovesome	Lovely.
Loving	Affectionate.
Loving	Expressing love or kindness; as, loving words.
Loving-kindness	Tender regard; mercy; favor.
Lovingly	With love; affectionately.
Lovingness	Affection; kind regard.
Lovyer	A lover.
Low	strong imp. of Laugh.
Lowed	of Low
Lowing	of Low
Low	To make the calling sound of cows and other bovine animals; to moo.
Low	The calling sound ordinarily made by cows and other bovine animals.
Low	A hill; a mound; a grave.
Low	Fire; a flame; a light.
Low	To burn; to blaze.
Low	Occupying an inferior position or place; not high or elevated; depressed in comparison with something else; as, low ground; a low flight.
Low	Not rising to the usual height; as, a man of low stature; a low fence.
Low	Near the horizon; as, the sun is low at four o'clock in winter, and six in summer.
Low	Sunk to the farthest ebb of the tide; as, low tide.
Low	Beneath the usual or remunerative rate or amount, or the ordinary value; moderate; cheap; as, the low price of corn; low wages.
Low	Not loud; as, a low voice; a low sound.
Low	Depressed in the scale of sounds; grave; as, a low pitch; a low note.
Low	Made, as a vowel, with a low position of part of the tongue in relation to the palate; as, / (/m), / (all). See Guide to Pronunciation, // 5, 10, 11.
Low	Near, or not very distant from, the equator; as, in the low northern latitudes.
Low	Numerically small; as, a low number.
Low	Wanting strength or animation; depressed; dejected; as, low spirits; low in spirits.
Low	Depressed in condition; humble in rank; as, men of low condition; the lower classes.
Low	Mean; vulgar; base; dishonorable; as, a person of low mind; a low trick or stratagem.
Low	Not elevated or sublime; not exalted or diction; as, a low comparison.
Low	Submissive; humble.
Low	Deficient in vital energy; feeble; weak; as, a low pulse; made low by sickness.
Low	Moderate; not intense; not inflammatory; as, low heat; a low temperature; a low fever.
Low	Smaller than is reasonable or probable; as, a low estimate.
Low	Not rich, high seasoned, or nourishing; plain; simple; as, a low diet.
Low	The lowest trump, usually the deuce; the lowest trump dealt or drawn.
Low	In a low position or manner; not aloft; not on high; near the ground.
Low	Under the usual price; at a moderate price; cheaply; as, he sold his wheat low.
Low	In a low mean condition; humbly; meanly.
Low	In time approaching our own.
Low	With a low voice or sound; not loudly; gently; as, to speak low.
Low	With a low musical pitch or tone.
Low	In subjection, poverty, or disgrace; as, to be brought low by oppression, by want, or by vice.
Low	In a path near the equator, so that the declination is small, or near the horizon, so that the altitude is small; -- said of the heavenly bodies with reference to the diurnal revolution; as, the moon runs low, that is, is comparatively near the horizon when on or near the meridian.
Low	To depress; to lower.
Lowbell	A bell used in fowling at night, to frighten birds, and, with a sudden light, to make them fly into a net.
Lowbell	A bell to be hung on the neck of a sheep.
Lowbell	To frighten, as with a lowbell.
Lowborn	Born in a low condition or rank; -- opposed to highborn.
Lowbred	Bred, or like one bred, in a low condition of life; characteristic or indicative of such breeding; rude; impolite; vulgar; as, a lowbred fellow; a lowbred remark.
Low-church	Not placing a high estimate on ecclesiastical organizations or forms; -- applied especially to Episcopalians, and opposed to high-church. See High Church, under High.
Low-churchism	The principles of the low-church party.
-men	of Low-churchman
Low-churchman	One who holds low-church principles.
Low-churchmanship	The state of being a low-churchman.
Lower	Compar. of Low, a.
Lowered	of Lower
Lowering	of Lower
Lower	To let descend by its own weight, as something suspended; to let down; as, to lower a bucket into a well; to lower a sail or a boat; sometimes, to pull down; as, to lower a flag.
Lower	To reduce the height of; as, to lower a fence or wall; to lower a chimney or turret.
Lower	To depress as to direction; as, to lower the aim of a gun; to make less elevated as to object; as, to lower one's ambition, aspirations, or hopes.
Lower	To reduce the degree, intensity, strength, etc., of; as, to lower the temperature of anything; to lower one's vitality; to lower distilled liquors.
Lower	To bring down; to humble; as, to lower one's pride.
Lower	To reduce in value, amount, etc. ; as, to lower the price of goods, the rate of interest, etc.
Lower	To fall; to sink; to grow less; to diminish; to decrease; as, the river lowered as rapidly as it rose.
Lowered	of Lower
Lowering	of Lower
Lower	To be dark, gloomy, and threatening, as clouds; to be covered with dark and threatening clouds, as the sky; to show threatening signs of approach, as a tempest.
Lower	To frown; to look sullen.
Lower	Cloudiness; gloominess.
Lower	A frowning; sullenness.
Lower-case	Pertaining to, or kept in, the lower case; -- used to denote the small letters, in distinction from capitals and small capitals. See the Note under 1st Case, n., 3.
Lowering	Dark and threatening; gloomy; sullen; as, lowering clouds or sky.
Loweringly	In a lowering manner; with cloudiness or threatening gloom.
Lowermost	Lowest.
Lowery	Cloudy; gloomy; lowering; as, a lowery sky; lowery weather.
Lowgh	Alt. of Lowh
Lowh	strong imp. of Laugh.
Lowing	The calling sound made by cows and other bovine animals.
Lowish	Somewhat low.
Lowk	See Louk.
Lowland	Land which is low with respect to the neighboring country; a low or level country; -- opposed to highland.
Lowlander	A native or inhabitant of the Lowlands, especially of the Lowlands of Scotland, as distinguished from Highlander.
Lowlihood	Alt. of Lowlihead
Lowlihead	A lowly state.
Lowlily	In a lowly place or manner; humbly.
Lowliness	The state or quality of being lowly; humility; humbleness of mind.
Lowliness	Low condition, especially as to manner of life.
Low-lived	Characteristic of, or like, one bred in a low and vulgar condition of life; mean dishonorable; contemptible; as, low-lived dishonesty.
Lowly	Not high; not elevated in place; low.
Lowly	Low in rank or social importance.
Lowly	Not lofty or sublime; humble.
Lowly	Having a low esteem of one's own worth; humble; meek; free from pride.
Lowly	In a low manner; humbly; meekly; modestly.
Lowly	In a low condition; meanly.
Low-minded	Inclined in mind to low or unworthy things; showing a base mind.
Low-mindedness	The quality of being lowminded; meanness; baseness.
Lown	A low fellow.
Low-necked	Cut low in the neck; decollete; -- said of a woman's dress.
Lowness	The state or quality of being low.
Low-pressure	Having, employing, or exerting, a low degree of pressure.
Lowry	An open box car used on railroads. Compare Lorry.
Low-spirited	Deficient in animation and courage; dejected; depressed; not sprightly.
Low-studded	Furnished or built with short studs; as, a low-studded house or room.
Low-thoughted	Having one's thoughts directed toward mean or insignificant subjects.
Loxodromic	Pertaining to sailing on rhumb lines; as, loxodromic tables.
Loxodromics	The art or method of sailing on the loxodromic or rhumb line.
Loxodremism	The act or process of tracing a loxodromic curve; the act of moving as if in a loxodromic curve.
Loxodromy	The science of loxodromics.
Loy	A long, narrow spade for stony lands.
Loyal	Faithful to law; upholding the lawful authority; faithful and true to the lawful government; faithful to the prince or sovereign to whom one is subject; unswerving in allegiance.
Loyal	True to any person or persons to whom one owes fidelity, especially as a wife to her husband, lovers to each other, and friend to friend; constant; faithful to a cause or a principle.
Loyalist	A person who adheres to his sovereign or to the lawful authority; especially, one who maintains his allegiance to his prince or government, and defends his cause in times of revolt or revolution.
Loyally	In a loyal manner; faithfully.
Loyalness	Loyalty.
Loyalty	The state or quality of being loyal; fidelity to a superior, or to duty, love, etc.
Lozenge	A diamond-shaped figure usually with the upper and lower angles slightly acute, borne upon a shield or escutcheon.  Cf. Fusil.
Lozenge	A form of the escutcheon used by women instead of the shield which is used by men.
Lozenge	A figure with four equal sides, having two acute and two obtuse angles; a rhomb.
Lozenge	Anything in the form of lozenge.
Lozenge	A small cake of sugar and starch, flavored, and often medicated. -- originally in the form of a lozenge.
Lozenged	Alt. of Lozenge-shaped
Lozenge-shaped	Having the form of a lozenge or rhomb.
Lozengy	Divided into lozenge-shaped compartments, as the field or a bearing, by lines drawn in the direction of the bend sinister.
Lu	See Loo.
Lubbard	A lubber.
Lubbard	Lubberly.
Lubber	A heavy, clumsy, or awkward fellow; a sturdy drone; a clown.
Lubberly	Like a lubber; clumsy.
Lubberly	Clumsily; awkwardly.
Lubric	Alt. of Lubrical
Lubrical	Having a smooth surface; slippery.
Lubrical	Lascivious; wanton; lewd.
Lubricant	Lubricating.
Lubricant	That which lubricates; specifically, a substance, as oil, grease, plumbago, etc., used for reducing the friction of the working parts of machinery.
Lubricate	To make smooth or slippery; as, mucilaginous and saponaceous remedies lubricate the parts to which they are applied.
Lubricate	To apply a lubricant to, as oil or tallow.
Lubrication	The act of lubricating; the act of making slippery.
Lubricator	One who, or that which, lubricates.
Lubricator	A contrivance, as an oil cup, for supplying a lubricant to machinery.
Lubricitate	See Lubricate.
Lubricity	Smoothness; freedom from friction; also, property, which diminishes friction; as, the lubricity of oil.
Lubricity	Slipperiness; instability; as, the lubricity of fortune.
Lubricity	Lasciviousness; propensity to lewdness; lewdness; lechery; incontinency.
Lubricous	Lubric.
Lubrification	Alt. of Lubrifaction
Lubrifaction	The act of lubricating, or making smooth.
Lucarne	A dormer window.
Lucchese	A native or inhabitant of Lucca, in Tuscany; in the plural, the people of Lucca.
Luce	A pike when full grown.
Lucency	The quality of being lucent.
Lucent	Shining; bright; resplendent.
Lucern	A sort of hunting dog; -- perhaps from Lucerne, in Switzerland.
Lucern	An animal whose fur was formerly much in request (by some supposed to be the lynx).
Lucern	A leguminous plant (Medicago sativa), having bluish purple cloverlike flowers, cultivated for fodder; -- called also alfalfa.
Lucern	A lamp.
Lucernal	Of or pertaining to a lamp.
Lucernaria	A genus of acalephs, having a bell-shaped body with eight groups of short tentacles around the margin. It attaches itself by a sucker at the base of the pedicel.
Lucernarian	Of or pertaining to the Lucernarida.
Lucernarian	One of the Lucernarida.
lucernarida	A division of acalephs, including Lucernaria and allied genera; -- called also Calycozoa.
lucernarida	A more extensive group of acalephs, including both the true lucernarida and the Discophora.
Lucerne	See Lucern, the plant.
Lucid	Shining; bright; resplendent; as, the lucid orbs of heaven.
Lucid	Clear; transparent.
Lucid	Presenting a clear view; easily understood; clear.
Lucid	Bright with the radiance of intellect; not darkened or confused by delirium or madness; marked by the regular operations of reason; as, a lucid interval.
Lucidity	The quality or state of being lucid.
Lucidly	In a lucid manner.
Lucidness	The quality of being lucid; lucidity.
Lucifer	The planet Venus, when appearing as the morning star; -- applied in Isaiah by a metaphor to a king of Babylon.
Lucifer	Hence, Satan.
Lucifer	A match made of a sliver of wood tipped with a combustible substance, and ignited by friction; -- called also lucifer match, and locofoco. See Locofoco.
Lucifer	A genus of free-swimming macruran Crustacea, having a slender body and long appendages.
Luciferian	Of or pertaining to Lucifer; having the pride of Lucifer; satanic; devilish.
Luciferian	Of or pertaining to the Luciferians or their leader.
Luciferian	One of the followers of Lucifer, bishop of Cagliari, in the fourth century, who separated from the orthodox churches because they would not go as far as he did in opposing the Arians.
Luciferous	Giving light; affording light or means of discovery.
Luciferously	In a luciferous manner.
Lucific	Producing light.
Luciform	Having, in some respects, the nature of light; resembling light.
Lucifrian	Luciferian; satanic.
Lucimeter	an instrument for measuring the intensity of light; a photometer.
Luck	That which happens to a person; an event, good or ill, affecting one's interests or happiness, and which is deemed casual; a course or series of such events regarded as occurring by chance; chance; hap; fate; fortune; often, one's habitual or characteristic fortune; as, good, bad, ill, or hard luck. Luck is often used for good luck; as, luck is better than skill.
Luckily	In a lucky manner; by good fortune; fortunately; -- used in a good sense; as, they luckily escaped injury.
Luckiness	The state or quality of being lucky; as, the luckiness of a man or of an event.
Luckiness	Good fortune; favorable issue or event.
Luckless	Being without luck; unpropitious; unfortunate; unlucky; meeting with ill success or bad fortune; as, a luckless gamester; a luckless maid.
Lucky	Favored by luck; fortunate; meeting with good success or good fortune; -- said of persons; as, a lucky adventurer.
Lucky	Producing, or resulting in, good by chance, or unexpectedly; favorable; auspicious; fortunate; as, a lucky mistake; a lucky cast; a lucky hour.
Lucky proach	See Fatherlasher.
Lucrative	Yielding lucre; gainful; profitable; making increase of money or goods; as, a lucrative business or office.
Lucrative	Greedy of gain.
Lucratively	In a lucrative manner.
Lucre	Gain in money or goods; profit; riches; -- often in an ill sense.
Lucriferous	Gainful; profitable.
Lucrific	Producing profit; gainful.
Luctation	Effort to overcome in contest; struggle; endeavor.
Luctual	Producing grief; saddening.
Lucubrated	of Lucubrate
Lucubrated	of Lucubrate
Lucubrate	To study by candlelight or a lamp; to study by night.
Lucubrate	To elaborate, perfect, or compose, by night study or by laborious endeavor.
Lucubration	The act of lucubrating, or studying by candlelight; nocturnal study; meditation.
Lucubration	That which is composed by night; that which is produced by meditation in retirement; hence (loosely) any literary composition.
Lucubrator	One who studies by night; also, one who produces lucubrations.
Lucubratory	Composed by candlelight, or by night; of or pertaining to night studies; laborious or painstaking.
Lucule	A spot or fleck on the sun brighter than the surrounding surface.
Luculent	Lucid; clear; transparent.
Luculent	Clear; evident; luminous.
Luculent	Bright; shining in beauty.
Luculently	In a luculent manner; clearly.
Lucullite	A variety of black limestone, often polished for ornamental purposes.
Lucuma	An American genus of sapotaceous trees bearing sweet and edible fruits.
Luddite	One of a number of riotous persons in England, who for six years (1811-17) tried to prevent the use of labor-saving machinery by breaking it, burning factories, etc.; -- so called from Ned Lud, a half-witted man who some years previously had broken stocking frames.
Ludibrious	Sportive; ridiculous; wanton.
Ludibund	Sportive.
Ludicrous	Adapted to excite laughter, without scorn or contempt; sportive.
Ludification	The act of deriding.
Ludificatory	Making sport; tending to excite derision.
Ludlamite	A mineral occurring in small, green, transparent, monoclinic crystals. It is a hydrous phosphate of iron.
Ludlow group	A subdivision of the British Upper Silurian lying below the Old Red Sandstone; -- so named from the Ludlow, in Western England. See the Chart of Geology.
Ludwigite	A borate of iron and magnesia, occurring in fibrous masses of a blackish green color.
Lues	Disease, especially of a contagious kind.
Luff	The side of a ship toward the wind.
Luff	The act of sailing a ship close to the wind.
Luff	The roundest part of a ship's bow.
Luff	The forward or weather leech of a sail, especially of the jib, spanker, and other fore-and-aft sails.
Luffed	of Luff
Luffing	of Luff
Luff	To turn the head of a vessel toward the wind; to sail nearer the wind; to turn the tiller so as to make the vessel sail nearer the wind.
Luffer	See Louver.
Lug	The ear, or its lobe.
Lug	That which projects like an ear, esp. that by which anything is supported, carried, or grasped, or to which a support is fastened; an ear; as, the lugs of a kettle; the lugs of a founder's flask; the lug (handle) of a jug.
Lug	A projecting piece to which anything, as a rod, is attached, or against which anything, as a wedge or key, bears, or through which a bolt passes, etc.
Lug	The leather loop or ear by which a shaft is held up.
Lug	The lugworm.
Lugged	of Lug
Lugging	of Lug
Lug	To pull with force; to haul; to drag along; to carry with difficulty, as something heavy or cumbersome.
Lug	To move slowly and heavily.
Lug	The act of lugging; as, a hard lug; that which is lugged; as, the pack is a heavy lug.
Lug	Anything which moves slowly.
Lug	A rod or pole.
Lug	A measure of length, being 16/ feet; a rod, pole, or perch.
Luggage	That which is lugged; anything cumbrous and heavy to be carried; especially, a traveler's trunks, baggage, etc., or their contents.
Lugger	A small vessel having two or three masts, and a running bowsprit, and carrying lugsails. See Illustration in Appendix.
Lugger	An Indian falcon (Falco jugger), similar to the European lanner and the American prairie falcon.
Lugmark	A mark cut into the ear of an animal to identify it; an earmark.
Lugsail	A square sail bent upon a yard that hangs obliquely to the mast and is raised or lowered with the sail.
Lugubrious	Mournful; indicating sorrow, often ridiculously or feignedly; doleful; woful; pitiable; as, a whining tone and a lugubrious look.
Lugworm	A large marine annelid (Arenicola marina) having a row of tufted gills along each side of the back. It is found burrowing in sandy beaches, both in America and Europe, and is used for bait by European fishermen. Called also lobworm, and baitworm.
Luke	Moderately warm; not hot; tepid.
Lukewarm	Moderately warm; neither cold nor hot; tepid; not ardent; not zealous; cool; indifferent.
Lulled	of Lull
Lulling	of Lull
Lull	To cause to rest by soothing influences; to compose; to calm; to soothe; to quiet.
Lull	To become gradually calm; to subside; to cease or abate for a time; as, the storm lulls.
Lull	The power or quality of soothing; that which soothes; a lullaby.
Lull	A temporary cessation of storm or confusion.
lullaby	A song to quiet babes or lull them to sleep; that which quiets.
lullaby	Hence: Good night; good-by.
Luller	One who, or that which, lulls.
Lullingly	In a lulling manner; soothingly.
Lum	A chimney.
Lum	A ventilating chimney over the shaft of a mine.
Lum	A woody valley; also, a deep pool.
Lumachel	Alt. of Lumachella
Lumachella	A grayish brown limestone, containing fossil shells, which reflect a beautiful play of colors. It is also called fire marble, from its fiery reflections.
Lumbaginous	Of or pertaining to lumbago.
Lumbago	A rheumatic pain in the loins and the small of the back.
Lumbar	Alt. of Lumbal
Lumbal	Of, pertaining to, or near, the loins; as, the lumbar arteries.
Lumber	A pawnbroker's shop, or room for storing articles put in pawn; hence, a pledge, or pawn.
Lumber	Old or refuse household stuff; things cumbrous, or bulky and useless, or of small value.
Lumber	Timber sawed or split into the form of beams, joists, boards, planks, staves, hoops, etc.; esp., that which is smaller than heavy timber.
Lumbered	of Lumber
Lumbering	of Lumber
Lumber	To heap together in disorder.
Lumber	To fill or encumber with lumber; as, to lumber up a room.
Lumber	To move heavily, as if burdened.
Lumber	To make a sound as if moving heavily or clumsily; to rumble.
Lumber	To cut logs in the forest, or prepare timber for market.
Lumberer	One employed in lumbering, cutting, and getting logs from the forest for lumber; a lumberman.
Lumbering	The business of cutting or getting timber or logs from the forest for lumber.
Lumbermen	of Lumberman
Lumberman	One who is engaged in lumbering as a business or employment.
Lumbosacral	Of or pertaining to the loins and sacrum; as, the lumbosacral nerve, a branch of one of the lumber nerves which passes over the sacrum.
Lumbric	An earthworm, or a worm resembling an earthworm.
Lumbrical	Resembling a worm; as, the lumbrical muscles of the hands of the hands and feet.
Lumbrical	A lumbrical muscle.
Lumbriciform	Resembling an earthworm; vermiform.
Lumbricoid	Like an earthworm; belonging to the genus Lumbricus, or family Lumbricidae.
Lumbricus	A genus of annelids, belonging to the Oligochaeta, and including the common earthworms. See Earthworm.
Luminant	Luminous.
Luminaries	of Luminary
Luminary	Any body that gives light, especially one of the heavenly bodies.
Luminary	One who illustrates any subject, or enlightens mankind; as, Newton was a distinguished luminary.
Luminate	To illuminate.
Lumination	Illumination.
Lumine	To illumine.
Luminiferous	Producing light; yielding light; transmitting light; as, the luminiferous ether.
Luminosity	The quality or state of being luminous; luminousness.
Luminous	Shining; emitting or reflecting light; brilliant; bright; as, the is a luminous body; a luminous color.
Luminous	Illuminated; full of light; bright; as, many candles made the room luminous.
Luminous	Enlightened; intelligent; also, clear; intelligible; as, a luminous mind.
Lummox	A fat, ungainly, stupid person; an awkward bungler.
Lump	A small mass of matter of irregular shape; an irregular or shapeless mass; as, a lump of coal; a lump of iron ore.
Lump	A mass or aggregation of things.
Lump	A projection beneath the breech end of a gun barrel.
Lumped	of Lump
Lumping	of Lump
Lump	To throw into a mass; to unite in a body or sum without distinction of particulars.
Lump	To take in the gross; to speak of collectively.
Lump	To get along with as one can, although displeased; as, if he does n't like it, he can lump it.
Lumper	The European eelpout; -- called also lumpen.
Lumper	One who lumps.
Lumper	A laborer who is employed to load or unload vessels when in harbor.
Lumpfish	A large, thick, clumsy, marine fish (Cyclopterus lumpus) of Europe and America. The color is usually translucent sea green, sometimes purplish. It has a dorsal row of spiny tubercles, and three rows on each side, but has no scales. The ventral fins unite and form a ventral sucker for adhesion to stones and seaweeds. Called also lumpsucker, cock-paddle, sea owl.
Lumping	Bulky; heavy.
Lumpish	Like a lump; inert; gross; heavy; dull; spiritless.
Lumpsucker	The lumprish.
Lumpy	Full of lumps, or small compact masses.
Luna	The moon.
Luna	Silver.
Lunacies	of Lunacy
Lunacy	Insanity or madness; properly, the kind of insanity which is broken by intervals of reason, -- formerly supposed to be influenced by the changes of the moon; any form of unsoundness of mind, except idiocy; mental derangement or alienation.
Lunacy	A morbid suspension of good sense or judgment, as through fanaticism.
Lunar	Of or pertaining to the moon; as, lunar observations.
Lunar	Resembling the moon; orbed.
Lunar	Measured by the revolutions of the moon; as, a lunar month.
Lunar	Influenced by the moon, as in growth, character, or properties; as, lunar herbs.
Lunar	A lunar distance.
Lunar	The middle bone of the proximal series of the carpus; -- called also semilunar, and intermedium.
Lunarian	An inhabitant of the moon.
Lunary	Lunar.
Lunary	The herb moonwort or "honesty".
Lunary	A low fleshy fern (Botrychium Lunaria) with lunate segments of the leaf or frond.
Lunate	Alt. of Lunated
Lunated	Crescent-shaped; as, a lunate leaf; a lunate beak; a lunated cross.
Lunatic	Affected by lunacy; insane; mad.
Lunatic	Of or pertaining to, or suitable for, an insane person; evincing lunacy; as, lunatic gibberish; a lunatic asylum.
Lunatic	A person affected by lunacy; an insane person, esp. one who has lucid intervals; a madman; a person of unsound mind.
Lunation	The period of a synodic revolution of the moon, or the time from one new moon to the next; varying in length, at different times, from about 29/ to 29/ days, the average length being 29 d., 12h., 44m., 2.9s.
Lunch	A luncheon; specifically, a light repast between breakfast and dinner.
Lunched	of Lunch
Lunching	of Lunch
Lunch	To take luncheon.
Luncheon	A lump of food.
Luncheon	A portion of food taken at any time except at a regular meal; an informal or light repast, as between breakfast and dinner.
Luncheon	To take luncheon.
Lune	Anything in the shape of a half moon.
Lune	A figure in the form of a crescent, bounded by two intersecting arcs of circles.
Lune	A fit of lunacy or madness; a period of frenzy; a crazy or unreasonable freak.
Lunet	A little moon or satellite.
Lunette	A fieldwork consisting of two faces, forming a salient angle, and two parallel flanks. See Bastion.
Lunette	A half horseshoe, which wants the sponge.
Lunette	A kind of watch crystal which is more than ordinarily flattened in the center; also, a species of convexoconcave lens for spectacles.
Lunette	A piece of felt to cover the eye of a vicious horse.
Lunette	Any surface of semicircular or segmental form; especially, the piece of wall between the curves of a vault and its springing line.
Lunette	An iron shoe at the end of the stock of a gun carriage.
Lung	An organ for aerial respiration; -- commonly in the plural.
Lunge	A sudden thrust or pass, as with a sword.
Lunged	of Lunge
Lunging	of Lunge
Lunge	To make a lunge.
Lunge	To cause to go round in a ring, as a horse, while holding his halter.
Lunge	Same as Namaycush.
Lunged	Having lungs, or breathing organs similar to lungs.
Lungfish	Any fish belonging to the Dipnoi; -- so called because they have both lungs and gills.
Lung-grown	Having lungs that adhere to the pleura.
Lungie	A guillemot.
Lungis	A lingerer; a dull, drowsy fellow.
Lungless	Being without lungs.
Lungoor	A long-tailed monkey (Semnopithecus schislaceus), from the mountainous districts of India.
Lungworm	Any one of several species of parasitic nematoid worms which infest the lungs and air passages of cattle, sheep, and other animals, often proving fatal. The lungworm of cattle (Strongylus micrurus) and that of sheep (S. filaria) are the best known.
Lungwort	An herb of the genus Pulmonaria (P. officinalis), of Europe; -- so called because the spotted appearance of the leaves resembles that of a diseased lung.
Lungwort	Any plant of the genus Mertensia (esp. M. Virginica and M. Sibirica) plants nearly related to Pulmonaria. The American lungwort is Mertensia Virginica, Virginia cowslip.
Lunicurrent	Having relation to changes in currents that depend on the moon's phases.
Luniform	Resembling the moon in shape.
Lunisolar	Resulting from the united action, or pertaining to the mutual relations, of the sun and moon.
Lunistice	The farthest point of the moon's northing and southing, in its monthly revolution.
Lunitidal	Pertaining to tidal movements dependent on the moon.
Lunt	The match cord formerly used in firing cannon.
Lunt	A puff of smoke.
Lunulae	of Lunula
Lunula	Same as Lunule.
Lunular	Having a form like that of the new moon; shaped like a crescent.
Lunulate	Alt. of Lunulated
Lunulated	Resembling a small crescent.
Lunule	Anything crescent-shaped; a crescent-shaped part or mark; a lunula, a lune.
Lunule	A lune. See Lune.
Lunule	A small or narrow crescent.
Lunule	A special area in front of the beak of many bivalve shells. It sometimes has the shape of a double crescent, but is oftener heart-shaped. See Illust. of Bivalve.
Lunulet	A small spot, shaped like a half-moon or crescent; as, the lunulet on the wings of many insects.
Lunulite	Any bryozoan of the genus Lunulites, having a more or less circular form.
Luny	Crazy; mentally unsound.
Lupercal	Of or pertaining to the Lupercalia.
Lupercal	A grotto on the Palatine Hill sacred to Lupercus, the Lycean Pan.
Lupercalia	A feast of the Romans in honor of Lupercus, or Pan.
Lupine	A leguminous plant of the genus Lupinus, especially L. albus, the seeds of which have been used for food from ancient times. The common species of the Eastern United States is L. perennis. There are many species in California.
Lupine	Wolfish; ravenous.
Lupinin	A glucoside found in the seeds of several species of lupine, and extracted as a yellowish white crystalline substance.
Lupinine	An alkaloid found in several species of lupine (Lupinus luteus, L. albus, etc.), and extracted as a bitter crystalline substance.
Lupulin	A bitter principle extracted from hops.
Lupulin	The fine yellow resinous powder found upon the strobiles or fruit of hops, and containing this bitter principle.
Lupuline	An alkaloid extracted from hops as a colorless volatile liquid.
Lupulinic	Pertaining to, or obtained from, hops; specifically, designating an acid obtained by the decomposition of lupulin.
Lupus	A cutaneous disease occurring under two distinct forms.
Lupus	The Wolf, a constellation situated south of Scorpio.
Lurcation	Gluttony; gormandizing.
Lurch	To swallow or eat greedily; to devour; hence, to swallow up.
Lurch	An old game played with dice and counters; a variety of the game of tables.
Lurch	A double score in cribbage for the winner when his adversary has been left in the lurch.
Lurch	To leave in the lurch; to cheat.
Lurch	To steal; to rob.
Lurch	A sudden roll of a ship to one side, as in heavy weather; hence, a swaying or staggering movement to one side, as that by a drunken man. Fig.: A sudden and capricious inclination of the mind.
Lurched	of Lurch
Lurching	of Lurch
Lurch	To roll or sway suddenly to one side, as a ship or a drunken man.
Lurch	To withdraw to one side, or to a private place; to lurk.
Lurch	To dodge; to shift; to play tricks.
Lurcher	One that lurches or lies in wait; one who watches to pilfer, or to betray or entrap; a poacher.
Lurcher	One of a mongrel breed of dogs said to have been a cross between the sheep dog, greyhound, and spaniel. It hunts game silently, by scent, and is often used by poachers.
Lurcher	A glutton; a gormandizer.
Lurchline	The line by which a fowling net was pulled over so as to inclose the birds.
Lurdan	Stupid; blockish.
Lurdan	A blockhead.
Lure	A contrivance somewhat resembling a bird, and often baited with raw meat; -- used by falconers in recalling hawks.
Lure	Any enticement; that which invites by the prospect of advantage or pleasure; a decoy.
Lure	A velvet smoothing brush.
Lured	of Lure
Luring	of Lure
Lure	To draw to the lure; hence, to allure or invite by means of anything that promises pleasure or advantage; to entice; to attract.
Lure	To recall a hawk or other animal.
Lurg	A large marine annelid (Nephthys caeca), inhabiting the sandy shores of Europe and America. It is whitish, with a pearly luster, and grows to the length of eight or ten inches.
Lurid	Pale yellow; ghastly pale; wan; gloomy; dismal.
Lurid	Having a brown color tonged with red, as of flame seen through smoke.
Lurid	Of a color tinged with purple, yellow, and gray.
Lurked	of Lurk
Lurking	of Lurk
Lurk	To lie hid; to lie in wait.
Lurk	To keep out of sight.
Lurker	One who lurks.
Lurker	A small fishing boat.
Lurry	A confused heap; a throng, as of persons; a jumble, as of sounds.
Luscious	Sweet; delicious; very grateful to the taste; toothsome; excessively sweet or rich.
Luscious	Cloying; fulsome.
Luscious	Gratifying a depraved sense; obscene.
Lusern	A lynx. See 1st Lucern and Loup-cervier.
Lush	Full of juice or succulence.
Lushburg	See Lussheburgh.
Lusitanian	Pertaining to Lusitania, the ancient name of the region almost coinciding with Portugal.
Lusitanian	One of the people of Lusitania.
Lusk	Lazy; slothful.
Lusk	A lazy fellow; a lubber.
Lusk	To be idle or unemployed.
Luskish	Inclined to be lazy.
Lusorious	Alt. of Lusory
Lusory	Used in play; sportive; playful.
Lussheburgh	A spurious coin of light weight imported into England from Luxemburg, or Lussheburgh, as it was formerly called.
Lust	Pleasure.
Lust	Inclination; desire.
Lust	Longing desire; eagerness to possess or enjoy; -- in a had sense; as, the lust of gain.
Lust	Licentious craving; sexual appetite.
Lust	Hence: Virility; vigor; active power.
Lusted	of Lust
Lusting	of Lust
Lust	To list; to like.
Lust	To have an eager, passionate, and especially an inordinate or sinful desire, as for the gratification of the sexual appetite or of covetousness; -- often with after.
Luster	One who lusts.
Luster Lustre	A period of five years; a lustrum.
Luster	Alt. of Lustre
Lustre	Brilliancy; splendor; brightness; glitter.
Lustre	Renown; splendor; distinction; glory.
Lustre	A candlestick, chandelier, girandole, or the like, generally of an ornamental character.
Lustre	The appearance of the surface of a mineral as affected by, or dependent upon, peculiarities of its reflecting qualities.
Lustre	A substance which imparts luster to a surface, as plumbago and some of the glazes.
Lustre	A fabric of wool and cotton with a lustrous surface, -- used for women's dresses.
Lustred	of Lustre
Lustering	of Lustre
Lustring	of Lustre
Luster	Alt. of Lustre
Lustre	To make lustrous.
Lustering	The act or process of imparting a luster, as to pottery.
Lustering	The brightening of a metal in the crucible when it becomes pure, as in certain refining processes.
Lusterless	Alt. of Lustreless
Lustreless	Destitute of luster; dim; dull.
Lustful	Full of lust; excited by lust.
Lustful	Exciting lust; characterized by lust or sensuality.
Lustful	Strong; lusty.
Lustic	Lusty; vigorous.
Lustihead	See Lustihood.
Lustihood	State of being lusty; vigor of body.
Lustily	In a lusty or vigorous manner.
Lustiness	State of being lusty; vigor; strength.
Lustless	Lacking vigor; weak; spiritless.
Lustless	Free from sexual lust.
Lustral	Of or pertaining to, or used for, purification; as, lustral days; lustral water.
Lustral	Of or pertaining to a lustrum.
Lustrated	of Lustrate
Lustrating	of Lustrate
Lustrate	To make clear or pure by means of a propitiatory offering; to purify.
Lustration	The act of lustrating or purifying.
Lustration	A sacrifice, or ceremony, by which cities, fields, armies, or people, defiled by crimes, pestilence, or other cause of uncleanness, were purified.
Lustre	Same as Luster.
Lustrical	Pertaining to, or used for, purification.
Lustring	A kind of glossy silk fabric. See Lutestring.
Lustrous	Bright; shining; luminous.
Lustrums	of Lustrum
Lustra	of Lustrum
Lustrum	A lustration or purification, especially the purification of the whole Roman people, which was made by the censors once in five years. Hence: A period of five years.
Lustwort	See Sundew.
Lusty	Exhibiting lust or vigor; stout; strong; vigorous; robust; healthful; able of body.
Lusty	Beautiful; handsome; pleasant.
Lusty	Of large size; big. [Obs.] " Three lusty vessels." Evelyn. Hence, sometimes, pregnant.
Lusty	Lustful; lascivious.
Lusus naturae	Sport or freak of nature; a deformed or unnatural production.
Lutanist	A person that plays on the lute.
Lutarious	Of, pertaining to, or like, mud; living in mud.
Lutation	The act or method of luting vessels.
Lute	A cement of clay or other tenacious infusible substance for sealing joints in apparatus, or the mouths of vessels or tubes, or for coating the bodies of retorts, etc., when exposed to heat; -- called also luting.
Lute	A packing ring, as of rubber, for fruit jars, etc.
Lute	A straight-edged piece of wood for striking off superfluous clay from mold.
Luted	of Lute
Luting	of Lute
Lute	To close or seal with lute; as, to lute on the cover of a crucible; to lute a joint.
Lute	A stringed instrument formerly much in use. It consists of four parts, namely, the table or front, the body, having nine or ten ribs or "sides," arranged like the divisions of a melon, the neck, which has nine or ten frets or divisions, and the head, or cross, in which the screws for tuning are inserted. The strings are struck with the right hand, and with the left the stops are pressed.
Lute	To sound, as a lute. Piers Plowman. Keats.
Lute	To play on a lute, or as on a lute.
Lute-backed	Having a curved spine.
Luteic	Pertaining to, or derived from, weld (Reseda luteola).
Luteic	Pertaining to, or designating, an acid resembling luteolin, but obtained from the flowers of Euphorbia cyparissias.
Lutein	A substance of a strongly marked yellow color, extracted from the yelk of eggs, and from the tissue of the corpus luteum.
Lutenist	Same as Lutanist.
Luteo-	A combining form signifying orange yellow or brownish yellow.
Luteocobaltic	Pertaining to, or designating, certain compounds of cobalt having a yellow color.  Cf. Cobaltic.
Luteolin	A yellow dyestuff obtained from the foliage of the dyer's broom (Reseda luteola).
Luteous	Yellowish; more or less like buff.
Luter	One who plays on a lute.
Luter	One who applies lute.
Lutescent	Of a yellowish color.
Lutestring	A plain, stout, lustrous silk, used for ladies' dresses and for ribbon.
Luth	The leatherback.
Lutheran	Of or pertaining to Luther; adhering to the doctrines of Luther or the Lutheran Church.
Lutheran	One who accepts or adheres to the doctrines of Luther or the Lutheran Church.
Lutheranism	Alt. of Lutherism
Lutherism	The doctrines taught by Luther or held by the Lutheran Church.
Luthern	A dormer window. See Dormer.
Lutidine	Any one of several metameric alkaloids, C5H3N.(CH3)2, of the pyridine series, obtained from bone oil as liquids, and having peculiar pungent odors. These alkaloids are also called respectively dimethyl pyridine, ethyl pyridine, etc.
Luting	See Lute, a cement.
Lutist	One who plays on a lute.
Lutose	Covered with clay; miry.
Lutulence	The state or quality of being lutulent.
Lutulent	Muddy; turbid; thick.
Luwack	See Paradoxure.
Lux	To put out of joint; to luxate.
Luxate	Luxated.
Luxated	of Luxate
Luxating	of Luxate
Luxate	To displace, or remove from its proper place, as a joint; to put out of joint; to dislocate.
Luxation	The act of luxating, or the state of being luxated; a dislocation.
Luxe	Luxury.
Luxive	Given to luxury; voluptuous.
Luxullianite	A kind of granite from Luxullian, Cornwall, characterized by the presence of radiating groups of minute tourmaline crystals.
Luxuriance	The state or quality of being luxuriant; rank, vigorous growth; excessive abundance produced by rank growth.
Luxuriancy	The state or quality of being luxuriant; luxuriance.
Luxuriant	Exuberant in growth; rank; excessive; very abundant; as, a luxuriant growth of grass; luxuriant foliage.
Luxuriantly	In a luxuriant manner.
Luxuriated	of Luxuriate
Luxuriating	of Luxuriate
Luxuriate	To grow exuberantly; to grow to superfluous abundance.
Luxuriate	To feed or live luxuriously; as, the herds luxuriate in the pastures.
Luxuriate	To indulge with unrestrained delight and freedom; as, to luxuriate in description.
Luxuriation	The act or process luxuriating.
Luxuriety	Luxuriance.
Luxurious	Of or pertaining to luxury; ministering to luxury; supplied with the conditions of luxury; as, a luxurious life; a luxurious table; luxurious ease.
Luxurist	One given to luxury.
Luxuries	of Luxury
Luxury	A free indulgence in costly food, dress, furniture, or anything expensive which gratifies the appetites or tastes.
Luxury	Anything which pleases the senses, and is also costly, or difficult to obtain; an expensive rarity; as, silks, jewels, and rare fruits are luxuries; in some countries ice is a great luxury.
Luxury	Lechery; lust.
Luxury	Luxuriance; exuberance.
Luz	A bone of the human body which was supposed by certain Rabbinical writers to be indestructible. Its location was a matter of dispute.
-ly	A suffix forming adjectives and adverbs, and denoting likeness or resemblance.
Lyam	A leash.
Lycanthrope	A human being fabled to have been changed into a wolf; a werewolf.
Lycanthrope	One affected with lycanthropy.
Lycanthropia	See Lycanthropy, 2.
Lycanthropic	Pertaining to lycanthropy.
Lycanthropist	One affected by the disease lycanthropy.
Lycanthropous	Lycanthropic.
Lycanthropy	The supposed act of turning one's self or another person into a wolf.
Lycanthropy	A kind of erratic melancholy, in which the patient imagines himself a wolf, and imitates the actions of that animal.
Lyceums	of Lyceum
Lycea	of Lyceum
Lyceum	A place of exercise with covered walks, in the suburbs of Athens, where Aristotle taught philosophy.
Lyceum	A house or apartment appropriated to instruction by lectures or disquisitions.
Lyceum	A higher school, in Europe, which prepares youths for the university.
Lyceum	An association for debate and literary improvement.
Lyche	Like.
Lychee	See Litchi.
Lych gate	See under Lich.
Lychnis	A genus of Old World plants belonging to the Pink family (Caryophyllaceae). Most of the species have brilliantly colored flowers and cottony leaves, which may have anciently answered as wicks for lamps. The botanical name is in common use for the garden species. The corn cockle (Lychnis Githago) is a common weed in wheat fields.
Lychnobite	One who labors at night and sleeps in the day.
Lychnoscope	Same as Low side window, under Low, a.
Lycine	A weak base identical with betaine; -- so called because found in the boxthorn (Lycium barbarum). See Betaine.
Lycoperdon	A genus of fungi, remarkable for the great quantity of spores, forming a fine dust, which is thrown out like smoke when the plant is compressed or burst; puffball.
Lycopod	A plant of the genus Lycopodium.
Lycopode	Same as Lycopodium powder. See under Lycopodium.
Lycopodiaceous	Belonging, or relating, to the Lycopodiaceae, an order of cryptogamous plants (called also club mosses) with branching stems, and small, crowded, one-nerved, and usually pointed leaves.
Lycopodite	An old name for a fossil club moss.
Lycopodium	A genus of mosslike plants, the type of the order Lycopodiaceae; club moss.
Lycotropous	Campylotropous.
Lyden	See Leden.
Lydian	Of or pertaining to Lydia, a country of Asia Minor, or to its inhabitants; hence, soft; effeminate; -- said especially of one of the ancient Greek modes or keys, the music in which was of a soft, pathetic, or voluptuous character.
Lydine	A violet dye derived from aniline.
Lye	A strong caustic alkaline solution of potassium salts, obtained by leaching wood ashes. It is much used in making soap, etc.
Lye	A short side line, connected with the main line; a turn-out; a siding.
Lye	A falsehood.
Lyencephala	A group of Mammalia, including the marsupials and monotremes; -- so called because the corpus callosum is rudimentary.
Lyencephalous	Pertaining to, or characteristic of, the Lyencephala.
Lyerman	The cicada.
Lygodium	A genus of ferns with twining or climbing fronds, bearing stalked and variously-lobed divisions in pairs.
Lying	of Lie, to tell a falsehood.
Lying	of Lie, to be supported horizontally.
Lying-in	The state attending, and consequent to, childbirth; confinement.
Lying-in	The act of bearing a child.
Lyingly	In a lying manner; falsely.
Lyken	To please; -- chiefly used impersonally.
Lym	Alt. of Lymhound
Lymhound	A dog held in a leam; a bloodhound; a limehound.
Lymail	See Limaille.
Lyme grass	A coarse perennial grass of several species of Elymus, esp. E. Canadensis, and the European E. arenarius.
Lymph	A spring of water; hence, water, or a pure, transparent liquid like water.
Lymph	An alkaline colorless fluid, contained in the lymphatic vessels, coagulable like blood, but free from red blood corpuscles. It is absorbed from the various tissues and organs of the body, and is finally discharged by the thoracic and right lymphatic ducts into the great veins near the heart.
Lymph	A fibrinous material exuded from the blood vessels in inflammation. In the process of healing it is either absorbed, or is converted into connective tissue binding the inflamed surfaces together.
Lymphadenitis	Inflammation of the lymphatic glands; -- called also lymphitis.
Lymphadenoma	See Lymphoma.
Lymphangeitis	Inflammation of the lymphatic vessels.
Lymphangial	Of or pertaining to the lymphatics, or lymphoid tissue; lymphatic.
Lymphate	Alt. of Lymphated
Lymphated	Frightened into madness; raving.
Lymphatic	pertaining to, containing, or conveying lymph.
Lymphatic	Madly enthusiastic; frantic.
Lymphatic	One of the lymphatic or absorbent vessels, which carry lymph and discharge it into the veins; lymph duct; lymphatic duct.
Lymphatic	A mad enthusiast; a lunatic.
Lymphitis	See Lymphadenitis.
Lymphogenic	Connected with, or formed in, the lymphatic glands.
Lymphography	A description of the lymphatic vessels, their origin and uses.
Lymphoid	Resembling lymph; also, resembling a lymphatic gland; adenoid; as, lymphoid tissue.
Lymphoma	A tumor having a structure resembling that of a lymphatic gland; -- called also lymphadenoma.
Lymphy	Containing, or like, lymph.
Lyn	A waterfall. See Lin.
Lyncean	Of or pertaining to the lynx.
Lynched	of Lynch
Lynching	of Lynch
Lynch	To inflict punishment upon, especially death, without the forms of law, as when a mob captures and hangs a suspected person. See Lynch law.
Lyncher	One who assists in lynching.
Lynch law	The act or practice by private persons of inflicting punishment for crimes or offenses, without due process of law.
Lynde	Alt. of Lynden
Lynden	See Linden.
Lyne	Linen.
Lynx	Any one of several species of feline animals of the genus Felis, and subgenus Lynx. They have a short tail, and usually a pencil of hair on the tip of the ears.
Lynx	One of the northern constellations.
Lynx-eyed	Having acute sight.
Lyonnaise	Applied to boiled potatoes cut into small pieces and heated in oil or butter. They are usually flavored with onion and parsley.
Lyopomata	An order of brachiopods, in which the valves of shell are not articulated by a hinge. It includes the Lingula, Discina, and allied forms.
Lyra	A northern constellation, the Harp, containing a white star of the first magnitude, called Alpha Lyrae, or Vega.
Lyra	The middle portion of the ventral surface of the fornix of the brain; -- so called from the arrangement of the lines with which it is marked in the human brain.
Lyraid	Same as Lyrid.
Lyrate	Alt. of Lyrated
Lyrated	Lyre-shaped, or spatulate and oblong, with small lobes toward the base; as, a lyrate leaf.
Lyrated	Shaped like a lyre, as the tail of the blackcock, or that of the lyre bird.
Lyre	A stringed instrument of music; a kind of harp much used by the ancients, as an accompaniment to poetry.
Lyre	One of the constellations; Lyra. See Lyra.
Lyre bird	Any one of two or three species of Australian birds of the genus Menura. The male is remarkable for having the sixteen tail feathers very long and, when spread, arranged in the form of a lyre. The common lyre bird (Menura superba), inhabiting New South Wales, is about the size of a grouse. Its general color is brown, with rufous color on the throat, wings, tail coverts and tail. Called also lyre pheasant and lyre-tail.
Lyric	Alt. of Lyrical
Lyrical	Of or pertaining to a lyre or harp.
Lyrical	Fitted to be sung to the lyre; hence, also, appropriate for song; -- said especially of poetry which expresses the individual emotions of the poet.
Lyric	A lyric poem; a lyrical composition.
Lyric	A composer of lyric poems.
Lyric	A verse of the kind usually employed in lyric poetry; -- used chiefly in the plural.
Lyric	The words of a song.
Lyrically	In a lyrical manner.
Lyricism	A lyric composition.
Lyrid	One of the group of shooting stars which come into the air in certain years on or about the 19th of April; -- so called because the apparent path among the stars the stars if produced back wards crosses the constellation Lyra.
Lyrie	A European fish (Peristethus cataphractum), having the body covered with bony plates, and having three spines projecting in front of the nose; -- called also noble, pluck, pogge, sea poacher, and armed bullhead.
Lyriferous	Having a lyre-shaped shoulder girdle, as certain fishes.
Lyrism	The act of playing on a lyre or harp.
Lyrist	A musician who plays on the harp or lyre; a composer of lyrical poetry.
Lysimeter	An instrument for measuring the water that percolates through a certain depth of soil.
Lysis	The resolution or favorable termination of a disease, coming on gradually and not marked by abrupt change.
Lyssa	Hydrophobia.
Lyterian	Terminating a disease; indicating the end of a disease.
Lythe	The European pollack; -- called also laith, and leet.
Lythe	Soft; flexible.
Lythonthriptic	Alt. of Lythontriptic
Lythontriptic	See Lithontriptic.
Lyttae	of Lytta
Lytta	A fibrous and muscular band lying within the longitudinal axis of the tongue in many mammals, as the dog.
