P	the sixteenth letter of the English alphabet, is a nonvocal consonant whose form and value come from the Latin, into which language the letter was brought, through the ancient Greek, from the Phoenician, its probable origin being Egyptian. Etymologically P is most closely related to b, f, and v; as hobble, hopple; father, paternal; recipient, receive. See B, F, and M.
Pa	A shortened form of Papa.
Paage	A toll for passage over another person's grounds.
Paard	The zebra.
Paas	Pace
Paas	The Easter festival.
Pabular	Of, pertaining to, or fit for, pabulum or food; affording food.
Pabulation	The act of feeding, or providing food.
Pabulation	Food; fodder; pabulum.
Pabulous	Affording pabulum, or food; alimental.
Pabulum	The means of nutriment to animals or plants; food; nourishment; hence, that which feeds or sustains, as fuel for a fire; that upon which the mind or soul is nourished; as, intellectual pabulum.
Pac	A kind of moccasin, having the edges of the sole turned up and sewed to the upper.
Paca	A small South American rodent (Coelogenys paca), having blackish brown fur, with four parallel rows of white spots along its sides; the spotted cavy. It is nearly allied to the agouti and the Guinea pig.
Pacable	Placable.
Pacane	A species of hickory. See Pecan.
Pacate	Appeased; pacified; tranquil.
Pacated	Pacified; pacate.
Pacation	The act of pacifying; a peacemaking.
Pace	A single movement from one foot to the other in walking; a step.
Pace	The length of a step in walking or marching, reckoned from the heel of one foot to the heel of the other; -- used as a unit in measuring distances; as, he advanced fifty paces.
Pace	Manner of stepping or moving; gait; walk; as, the walk, trot, canter, gallop, and amble are paces of the horse; a swaggering pace; a quick pace.
Pace	A slow gait; a footpace.
Pace	Specifically, a kind of fast amble; a rack.
Pace	Any single movement, step, or procedure.
Pace	A broad step or platform; any part of a floor slightly raised above the rest, as around an altar, or at the upper end of a hall.
Pace	A device in a loom, to maintain tension on the warp in pacing the web.
Paced	of Pace
Pacing	of Pace
Pace	To go; to walk; specifically, to move with regular or measured steps.
Pace	To proceed; to pass on.
Pace	To move quickly by lifting the legs on the same side together, as a horse; to amble with rapidity; to rack.
Pace	To pass away; to die.
Pace	To walk over with measured tread; to move slowly over or upon; as, the guard paces his round.
Pace	To measure by steps or paces; as, to pace a piece of ground.
Pace	To develop, guide, or control the pace or paces of; to teach the pace; to break in.
Paced	Having, or trained in, [such] a pace or gait; trained; -- used in composition; as, slow-paced; a thorough-paced villain.
Pacer	One who, or that which, paces; especially, a horse that paces.
Pacha	See Pasha.
Pachacamac	A divinity worshiped by the ancient Peruvians as the creator of the universe.
Pachak	The fragrant roots of the Saussurea Costus, exported from India to China, and used for burning as incense. It is supposed to be the costus of the ancients.
Pachalic	See Pashalic.
Pachisi	Alt. of Parchesi
Parchesi	A game, somewhat resembling backgammon, originating in India.
Pachometer	An instrument for measuring thickness, as of the glass of a mirror, or of paper; a pachymeter.
Pachonta	A substance resembling gutta-percha, and used to adulterate it, obtained from the East Indian tree Isonandra acuminata.
Pachy-	A combining form meaning thick; as, pachyderm, pachydactyl.
Pachycarpous	Having the pericarp thick.
Pachydactyl	A bird or other animal having thick toes.
Pachydactylous	Having thick toes.
Pachyderm	One of the Pachydermata.
Pachydermal	Of or relating to the pachyderms; as, pachydermal dentition.
Pachydermata	A group of hoofed mammals distinguished for the thickness of their skins, including the elephant, hippopotamus, rhinoceros, tapir, horse, and hog. It is now considered an artificial group.
Pachydermatous	Of or pertaining to the pachyderms.
Pachydermatous	Thick-skinned; not sensitive to ridicule.
Pachydermoid	Related to the pachyderms.
Pachyglossal	Having a thick tongue; -- applied to a group of lizards (Pachyglossae), including the iguanas and agamas.
Pachymeningitis	Inflammation of the dura mater or outer membrane of the brain.
Pachymeter	Same as Pachometer.
Pachyote	One of a family of bats, including those which have thick external ears.
Pacifiable	Capable of being pacified or appeased; placable.
Pacific	Of or pertaining to peace; suited to make or restore peace; of a peaceful character; not warlike; not quarrelsome; conciliatory; as, pacific words or acts; a pacific nature or condition.
Pacificable	Placable.
Pacifical	Of or pertaining to peace; pacific.
Pacification	The act or process of pacifying, or of making peace between parties at variance; reconciliation.
Pacificator	One who, or that which, pacifies; a peacemaker.
Pacificatory	Tending to make peace; conciliatory.
Pacfier	One who pacifies.
Pacified	of Pacify
Pacifying	of Pacify
Pacify	To make to be at peace; to appease; to calm; to still; to quiet; to allay the agitation, excitement, or resentment of; to tranquillize; as, to pacify a man when angry; to pacify pride, appetite, or importunity.
Pacinian	Of, pertaining to, or discovered by, Filippo Pacini, an Italian physician of the 19th century.
Pack	A pact.
Pack	A bundle made up and prepared to be carried; especially, a bundle to be carried on the back; a load for an animal; a bale, as of goods.
Pack	A number or quantity equal to the contents of a pack; hence, a multitude; a burden.
Pack	A number or quantity of connected or similar things
Pack	A full set of playing cards; also, the assortment used in a particular game; as, a euchre pack.
Pack	A number of hounds or dogs, hunting or kept together.
Pack	A number of persons associated or leagued in a bad design or practice; a gang; as, a pack of thieves or knaves.
Pack	A shook of cask staves.
Pack	A bundle of sheet-iron plates for rolling simultaneously.
Pack	A large area of floating pieces of ice driven together more or less closely.
Pack	An envelope, or wrapping, of sheets used in hydropathic practice, called dry pack, wet pack, cold pack, etc., according to the method of treatment.
Pack	A loose, lewd, or worthless person. See Baggage.
Packed	of Pack
Packing	of Pack
Pack	To make a pack of; to arrange closely and securely in a pack; hence, to place and arrange compactly as in a pack; to press into close order or narrow compass; as to pack goods in a box; to pack fish.
Pack	To fill in the manner of a pack, that is, compactly and securely, as for transportation; hence, to fill closely or to repletion; to stow away within; to cause to be full; to crowd into; as, to pack a trunk; the play, or the audience, packs the theater.
Pack	To sort and arrange (the cards) in a pack so as to secure the game unfairly.
Pack	Hence: To bring together or make up unfairly and fraudulently, in order to secure a certain result; as, to pack a jury or a causes.
Pack	To contrive unfairly or fraudulently; to plot.
Pack	To load with a pack; hence, to load; to encumber; as, to pack a horse.
Pack	To cause to go; to send away with baggage or belongings; esp., to send away peremptorily or suddenly; -- sometimes with off; as, to pack a boy off to school.
Pack	To transport in a pack, or in the manner of a pack (i. e., on the backs of men or beasts).
Pack	To envelop in a wet or dry sheet, within numerous coverings. See Pack, n., 5.
Pack	To render impervious, as by filling or surrounding with suitable material, or to fit or adjust so as to move without giving passage to air, water, or steam; as, to pack a joint; to pack the piston of a steam engine.
Pack	To make up packs, bales, or bundles; to stow articles securely for transportation.
Pack	To admit of stowage, or of making up for transportation or storage; to become compressed or to settle together, so as to form a compact mass; as, the goods pack conveniently; wet snow packs well.
Pack	To gather in flocks or schools; as, the grouse or the perch begin to pack.
Pack	To depart in haste; -- generally with off or away.
Pack	To unite in bad measures; to confederate for ill purposes; to join in collusion.
Package	Act or process of packing.
Package	A bundle made up for transportation; a packet; a bale; a parcel; as, a package of goods.
Package	A charge made for packing goods.
Package	A duty formerly charged in the port of London on goods imported or exported by aliens, or by denizens who were the sons of aliens.
Packer	A person whose business is to pack things; especially, one who packs food for preservation; as, a pork packer.
Packet	A small pack or package; a little bundle or parcel; as, a packet of letters.
Packet	Originally, a vessel employed by government to convey dispatches or mails; hence, a vessel employed in conveying dispatches, mails, passengers, and goods, and having fixed days of sailing; a mail boat.
Packeted	of Packet
Packeting	of Packet
Packet	To make up into a packet or bundle.
Packet	To send in a packet or dispatch vessel.
Packet	To ply with a packet or dispatch boat.
Packfong	A Chinese alloy of nickel, zinc, and copper, resembling German silver.
Pack herse	See under 2d Pack.
Packhouse	Warehouse for storing goods.
Packing	The act or process of one who packs.
Packing	Any material used to pack, fill up, or make close.
Packing	A substance or piece used to make a joint impervious
Packing	A thin layer, or sheet, of yielding or elastic material inserted between the surfaces of a flange joint.
Packing	The substance in a stuffing box, through which a piston rod slides.
Packing	A yielding ring, as of metal, which surrounds a piston and maintains a tight fit, as inside a cylinder, etc.
Packing	Same as Filling.
Packing	A trick; collusion.
Packmen	of Packman
Packman	One who bears a pack; a peddler.
Pack saddle	Alt. of Pack thread
Pack thread	See under 2d Pack.
Packwax	Same as Paxwax.
Packway	A path, as over mountains, followed by pack animals.
Paco	Alt. of Pacos
Pacos	Same as Alpaca.
Pacos	An earthy-looking ore, consisting of brown oxide of iron with minute particles of native silver.
Pact	An agreement; a league; a compact; a covenant.
Paction	An agreement; a compact; a bargain.
Pactional	Of the nature of, or by means of, a paction.
Pactitious	Setted by a pact, or agreement.
Pactolian	Pertaining to the Pactolus, a river in ancient Lydia famous for its golden sands.
Pacu	A South American freah-water fish (Myleies pacu), of the family Characinidae. It is highly esteemed as food.
Pad	A footpath; a road.
Pad	An easy-paced horse; a padnag.
Pad	A robber that infests the road on foot; a highwayman; -- usually called a footpad.
Pad	The act of robbing on the highway.
Pad	To travel upon foot; to tread.
Pad	To travel heavily or slowly.
Pad	To rob on foot.
Pad	To wear a path by walking.
Pad	A soft, or small, cushion; a mass of anything soft; stuffing.
Pad	A kind of cushion for writing upon, or for blotting; esp., one formed of many flat sheets of writing paper, or layers of blotting paper; a block of paper.
Pad	A cushion used as a saddle without a tree or frame.
Pad	A stuffed guard or protection; esp., one worn on the legs of horses to prevent bruising.
Pad	A cushionlike thickening of the skin one the under side of the toes of animals.
Pad	A floating leaf of a water lily or similar plant.
Pad	A soft bag or cushion to relieve pressure, support a part, etc.
Pad	A piece of timber fixed on a beam to fit the curve of the deck.
Pad	A measure for fish; as, sixty mackerel go to a pad; a basket of soles.
Padded	of Pad
Padding	of Pad
Pad	To stuff; to furnish with a pad or padding.
Pad	To imbue uniformly with a mordant; as, to pad cloth.
Padar	Groats; coarse flour or meal.
Padder	One who, or that which, pads.
Padder	A highwayman; a footpad.
Padding	The act or process of making a pad or of inserting stuffing.
Padding	The material with which anything is padded.
Padding	Material of inferior value, serving to extend a book, essay, etc.
Padding	The uniform impregnation of cloth with a mordant.
Paddle	To use the hands or fingers in toying; to make caressing strokes.
Paddle	To dabble in water with hands or feet; to use a paddle, or something which serves as a paddle, in swimming, in paddling a boat, etc.
Paddled	of Paddle
Paddling	of Paddle
Paddle	To pat or stroke amorously, or gently.
Paddle	To propel with, or as with, a paddle or paddles.
Paddle	To pad; to tread upon; to trample.
Paddle	An implement with a broad blade, which is used without a fixed fulcrum in propelling and steering canoes and boats.
Paddle	The broad part of a paddle, with which the stroke is made; hence, any short, broad blade, resembling that of a paddle.
Paddle	One of the broad boards, or floats, at the circumference of a water wheel, or paddle wheel.
Paddle	A small gate in sluices or lock gates to admit or let off water; -- also called clough.
Paddle	A paddle-shaped foot, as of the sea turtle.
Paddle	A paddle-shaped implement for string or mixing.
Paddle	See Paddle staff (b), below.
Paddlecock	The lumpfish.
Paddlefish	A large ganoid fish (Polyodon spathula) found in the rivers of the Mississippi Valley. It has a long spatula-shaped snout. Called also duck-billed cat, and spoonbill sturgeon.
Padder	One who, or that which, paddles.
Paddlewood	The light elastic wood of the Aspidosperma excelsum, a tree of Guiana having a fluted trunk readily split into planks.
Paddock	A toad or frog.
Paddock	A small inclosure or park for sporting.
Paddock	A small inclosure for pasture; esp., one adjoining a stable.
Paddy	Low; mean; boorish; vagabond.
Paddies	of Paddy
Paddy	A jocose or contemptuous name for an Irishman.
Paddy	Unhusked rice; -- commonly so called in the East Indies.
Padelion	A plant with pedately lobed leaves; the lady's mantle.
Padella	A large cup or deep saucer, containing fatty matter in which a wick is placed, -- used for public illuminations, as at St. Peter's, in Rome. Called also padelle.
Pademelon	See Wallaby.
Padesoy	See Paduasoy.
Padge	The barn owl; -- called also pudge, and pudge owl.
Padishah	Chief ruler; monarch; sovereign; -- a title of the Sultan of Turkey, and of the Shah of Persia.
Padlock	A portable lock with a bow which is usually jointed or pivoted at one end so that it can be opened, the other end being fastened by the bolt, -- used for fastening by passing the bow through a staple over a hasp or through the links of a chain, etc.
Padlock	Fig.: A curb; a restraint.
Padlocked	of Padlock
Padlocking	of Padlock
Padlock	To fasten with, or as with, a padlock; to stop; to shut; to confine as by a padlock.
Padnag	An ambling nag.
Padow	A paddock, or toad.
Padroni	of Padrone
Padrones	of Padrone
Padrone	A patron; a protector.
Padrone	The master of a small coaster in the Mediterranean.
Padrone	A man who imports, and controls the earnings of, Italian laborers, street musicians, etc.
Paduasoy	A rich and heavy silk stuff.
Paducahs	See Comanches.
Paean	An ancient Greek hymn in honor of Apollo as a healing deity, and, later, a song addressed to other deities.
Paean	Any loud and joyous song; a song of triumph.
Paean	See Paeon.
Paedobaptism	Pedobaptism.
Paedogenesis	Reproduction by young or larval animals.
Paedogenetic	Producing young while in the immature or larval state; -- said of certain insects, etc.
Paeon	A foot of four syllables, one long and three short, admitting of four combinations, according to the place of the long syllable.
Paeonine	An artifical red nitrogenous dyestuff, called also red coralline.
Paeony	See Peony.
Pagan	One who worships false gods; an idolater; a heathen; one who is neither a Christian, a Mohammedan, nor a Jew.
Pagan	Of or pertaining to pagans; relating to the worship or the worshipers of false goods; heathen; idolatrous, as, pagan tribes or superstitions.
Pagandom	The pagan lands; pagans, collectively; paganism.
Paganic	Alt. of Paganical
Paganical	Of or pertaining to pagans or paganism; heathenish; paganish.
Paganish	Of or pertaining to pagans; heathenish.
Paganism	The state of being pagan; pagan characteristics; esp., the worship of idols or false gods, or the system of religious opinions and worship maintained by pagans; heathenism.
Paganity	The state of being a pagan; paganism.
Paganized	of Paganize
Paganizing	of Paganize
Paganize	To render pagan or heathenish; to convert to paganism.
Paganize	To behave like pagans.
Paganly	In a pagan manner.
Page	A serving boy; formerly, a youth attending a person of high degree, especially at courts, as a position of honor and education; now commonly, in England, a youth employed for doing errands, waiting on the door, and similar service in households; in the United States, a boy employed to wait upon the members of a legislative body.
Page	A boy child.
Page	A contrivance, as a band, pin, snap, or the like, to hold the skirt of a woman's dress from the ground.
Page	A track along which pallets carrying newly molded bricks are conveyed to the hack.
Page	Any one of several species of beautiful South American moths of the genus Urania.
Page	To attend (one) as a page.
Page	One side of a leaf of a book or manuscript.
Page	Fig.: A record; a writing; as, the page of history.
Page	The type set up for printing a page.
Paged	of Page
Paging	of Page
Page	To mark or number the pages of, as a book or manuscript; to furnish with folios.
Pageant	A theatrical exhibition; a spectacle.
Pageant	An elaborate exhibition devised for the entertainmeut of a distinguished personage, or of the public; a show, spectacle, or display.
Pageant	Of the nature of a pageant; spectacular.
Pageant	To exhibit in show; to represent; to mimic.
Pageantry	Scenic shows or spectacles, taken collectively; spectacular quality; splendor.
Pagehood	The state of being a page.
Paginae	of Pagina
Pagina	The surface of a leaf or of a flattened thallus.
Paginal	Consisting of pages.
Pagination	The act or process of paging a book; also, the characters used in numbering the pages; page number.
Paging	The marking or numbering of the pages of a book.
Pagod	A pagoda. [R.] "Or some queer pagod."
Pagod	An idol.
Pagoda	A term by which Europeans designate religious temples and tower-like buildings of the Hindoos and Buddhists of India, Farther India, China, and Japan, -- usually but not always, devoted to idol worship.
Pagoda	An idol.
Pagoda	A gold or silver coin, of various kinds and values, formerly current in India. The Madras gold pagoda was worth about three and a half rupees.
Pagodite	Agalmatolite; -- so called because sometimes carved by the Chinese into the form of pagodas. See Agalmatolite.
Paguma	Any one of several species of East Indian viverrine mammals of the genus Paguma. They resemble a weasel in form.
Pagurian	Any one of a tribe of anomuran crustaceans, of which Pagurus is a type; the hermit crab. See Hermit crab, under Hermit.
Pah	An exclamation expressing disgust or contempt. See Bah.
Pah	A kind of stockaded intrenchment.
Pahi	A large war canoe of the Society Islands.
Pahlevi	Same as Pehlevi.
Pahoehoe	A name given in the Sandwich Islands to lava having a relatively smooth surface, in distinction from the rough-surfaced lava, called a-a.
PahUtes	See Utes.
Paid	Receiving pay; compensated; hired; as, a paid attorney.
Paid	Satisfied; contented.
Paideutics	The science or art of teaching.
Paien	Pagan.
Paigle	A species of Primula, either the cowslip or the primrose.
Paijama	Pyjama.
Pail	A vessel of wood or tin, etc., usually cylindrical and having a bail, -- used esp. for carrying liquids, as water or milk, etc.; a bucket. It may, or may not, have a cover.
Pailfuls	of Pailful
Pailful	The quantity that a pail will hold.
Paillasse	An under bed or mattress of straw.
Pailmall	See Pall-mall.
Pain	Punishment suffered or denounced; suffering or evil inflicted as a punishment for crime, or connected with the commission of a crime; penalty.
Pain	Any uneasy sensation in animal bodies, from slight uneasiness to extreme distress or torture, proceeding from a derangement of functions, disease, or injury by violence; bodily distress; bodily suffering; an ache; a smart.
Pain	Specifically, the throes or travail of childbirth.
Pain	Uneasiness of mind; mental distress; disquietude; anxiety; grief; solicitude; anguish.
Pain	See Pains, labor, effort.
Pained	of Pain
Paining	of Pain
Pain	To inflict suffering upon as a penalty; to punish.
Pain	To put to bodily uneasiness or anguish; to afflict with uneasy sensations of any degree of intensity; to torment; to torture; as, his dinner or his wound pained him; his stomach pained him.
Pain	To render uneasy in mind; to disquiet; to distress; to grieve; as a child's faults pain his parents.
Painable	Causing pain; painful.
Painful	Full of pain; causing uneasiness or distress, either physical or mental; afflictive; disquieting; distressing.
Painful	Requiring labor or toil; difficult; executed with laborious effort; as a painful service; a painful march.
Painful	Painstaking; careful; industrious.
Painim	A pagan; an infidel; -- used also adjectively.
Painless	Free from pain; without pain.
Pains	Labor; toilsome effort; care or trouble taken; -- plural in form, but used with a singular or plural verb, commonly the former.
Painstaker	One who takes pains; one careful and faithful in all work.
Painstaking	Careful in doing; diligent; faithful; attentive.
Painstaking	The act of taking pains; carefulness and fidelity in performance.
Painsworthy	Worth the pains or care bestowed.
Painted	of Paint
Painting	of Paint
Paint	To cover with coloring matter; to apply paint to; as, to paint a house, a signboard, etc.
Paint	Fig.: To color, stain, or tinge; to adorn or beautify with colors; to diversify with colors.
Paint	To form in colors a figure or likeness of on a flat surface, as upon canvas; to represent by means of colors or hues; to exhibit in a tinted image; to portray with paints; as, to paint a portrait or a landscape.
Paint	Fig.: To represent or exhibit to the mind; to describe vividly; to delineate; to image; to depict.
Paint	To practice the art of painting; as, the artist paints well.
Paint	To color one's face by way of beautifying it.
Paint	A pigment or coloring substance.
Paint	The same prepared with a vehicle, as oil, water with gum, or the like, for application to a surface.
Paint	A cosmetic; rouge.
Painted	Covered or adorned with paint; portrayed in colors.
Painted	Marked with bright colors; as, the painted turtle; painted bunting.
Painter	A rope at the bow of a boat, used to fasten it to anything.
Painter	The panther, or puma.
Painter	One whose occupation is to paint
Painter	One who covers buildings, ships, ironwork, and the like, with paint.
Painter	An artist who represents objects or scenes in color on a flat surface, as canvas, plaster, or the like.
Painterly	Like a painter's work.
Paintership	The state or position of being a painter.
Painting	The act or employment of laying on, or adorning with, paints or colors.
Painting	The work of the painter; also, any work of art in which objects are represented in color on a flat surface; a colored representation of any object or scene; a picture.
Painting	Color laid on; paint.
Painting	A depicting by words; vivid representation in words.
Paintless	Not capable of being painted or described.
Painture	The art of painting.
Painty	Unskillfully painted, so that the painter's method of work is too obvious; also, having too much pigment applied to the surface.
Pair	A number of things resembling one another, or belonging together; a set; as, a pair or flight of stairs. "A pair of beads."  Chaucer. Beau. & Fl. "Four pair of stairs." Macaulay. [Now mostly or quite disused, except as to stairs.]
Pair	Two things of a kind, similar in form, suited to each other, and intended to be used together; as, a pair of gloves or stockings; a pair of shoes.
Pair	Two of a sort; a span; a yoke; a couple; a brace; as, a pair of horses; a pair of oxen.
Pair	A married couple; a man and wife.
Pair	A single thing, composed of two pieces fitted to each other and used together; as, a pair of scissors; a pair of tongs; a pair of bellows.
Pair	Two members of opposite parties or opinion, as in a parliamentary body, who mutually agree not to vote on a given question, or on issues of a party nature during a specified time; as, there were two pairs on the final vote.
Pair	In a mechanism, two elements, or bodies, which are so applied to each other as to mutually constrain relative motion.
Pairs Royal	of Pair
Paired	of Pair
Pairing	of Pair
Pair	To be joined in paris; to couple; to mate, as for breeding.
Pair	To suit; to fit, as a counterpart.
Pair	Same as To pair off. See phrase below.
Pair	To unite in couples; to form a pair of; to bring together, as things which belong together, or which complement, or are adapted to one another.
Pair	To engage (one's self) with another of opposite opinions not to vote on a particular question or class of questions.
Pair	To impair.
Pairer	One who impairs.
Pairing	The act or process of uniting or arranging in pairs or couples.
Pairing	See To pair off, under Pair, v. i.
Pairment	Impairment.
Pais	The country; the people of the neighborhood.
Paisano	The chaparral cock.
Paise	See Poise.
Pajock	A peacock.
Pakfong	See Packfong.
Pal	A mate; a partner; esp., an accomplice or confederate.
Palace	The residence of a sovereign, including the lodgings of high officers of state, and rooms for business, as well as halls for ceremony and reception.
Palace	The official residence of a bishop or other distinguished personage.
Palace	Loosely, any unusually magnificent or stately house.
Palacious	Palatial.
Paladin	A knight-errant; a distinguished champion; as, the paladins of Charlemagne.
Palaeo-	See Paleo-.
Palaeographer	Alt. of Palaeographic
Palaeographic	See Paleographer, Paleographic, etc.
Palaeotype	A system of representing all spoken sounds by means of the printing types in common use.
Palaestra	See Palestra.
Palaestric	See Palestric.
Palaetiologist	One versed in palaetiology.
Palaetiology	The science which explains, by the law of causation, the past condition and changes of the earth.
Palamme	of Palama
Palama	A membrane extending between the toes of a bird, and uniting them more or less closely together.
Palamedeae	An order, or suborder, including the kamichi, and allied South American birds; -- called also screamers. In many anatomical characters they are allied to the Anseres, but they externally resemble the wading birds.
Palampore	See Palempore.
Palanka	A camp permanently intrenched, attached to Turkish frontier fortresses.
Palanquin	An inclosed carriage or litter, commonly about eight feet long, four feet wide, and four feet high, borne on the shoulders of men by means of two projecting poles, -- used in India, China, etc., for the conveyance of a single person from place to place.
Palapteryx	A large extinct ostrichlike bird of New Zealand.
Palatability	Palatableness.
Palatable	Agreeable to the palate or taste; savory; hence, acceptable; pleasing; as, palatable food; palatable advice.
Palatableness	The quality or state of being agreeable to the taste; relish; acceptableness.
Palatably	In a palatable manner.
Palatal	Of or pertaining to the palate; palatine; as, the palatal bones.
Palatal	Uttered by the aid of the palate; -- said of certain sounds, as the sound of k in kirk.
Palatal	A sound uttered, or a letter pronounced, by the aid of the palate, as the letters k and y.
Palatalize	To palatize.
Palate	The roof of the mouth.
Palate	Relish; taste; liking; -- a sense originating in the mistaken notion that the palate is the organ of taste.
Palate	Fig.: Mental relish; intellectual taste.
Palate	A projection in the throat of such flowers as the snapdragon.
Palate	To perceive by the taste.
Palatial	Of or pertaining to a palace; suitable for a palace; resembling a palace; royal; magnificent; as, palatial structures.
Palatial	Palatal; palatine.
Palatial	A palatal letter.
Palatic	Palatal; palatine.
Palatic	A palatal.
Palatinate	The province or seigniory of a palatine; the dignity of a palatine.
Palatinate	To make a palatinate of.
Palatine	Of or pertaining to a palace, or to a high officer of a palace; hence, possessing royal privileges.
Palatine	One invested with royal privileges and rights within his domains; a count palatine. See Count palatine, under 4th Count.
Palatine	The Palatine hill in Rome.
Palatine	Of or pertaining to the palate.
Palatine	A palatine bone.
Palative	Pleasing to the taste; palatable.
Palatize	To modify, as the tones of the voice, by means of the palate; as, to palatize a letter or sound.
Palato-	A combining form used in anatomy to indicate relation to, or connection with, the palate; as in palatolingual.
Palatonares	The posterior nares. See Nares.
Palatopterygoid	Pertaining to the palatine and pterygoid region of the skull; as, the palatopterygoid cartilage, or rod, from which the palatine and pterygoid bones are developed.
Palaver	Talk; conversation; esp., idle or beguiling talk; talk intended to deceive; flattery.
Palaver	In Africa, a parley with the natives; a talk; hence, a public conference and deliberation; a debate.
Palavered	of Palaver
Palavering	of Palaver
Palaver	To make palaver with, or to; to used palaver;to talk idly or deceitfully; to employ flattery; to cajole; as, to palaver artfully.
Palaverer	One who palavers; a flatterer.
Pale	Wanting in color; not ruddy; dusky white; pallid; wan; as, a pale face; a pale red; a pale blue.
Pale	Not bright or brilliant; of a faint luster or hue; dim; as, the pale light of the moon.
Pale	Paleness; pallor.
Paled	of Pale
Paling	of Pale
Pale	To turn pale; to lose color or luster.
Pale	To make pale; to diminish the brightness of.
Pale	A pointed stake or slat, either driven into the ground, or fastened to a rail at the top and bottom, for fencing or inclosing; a picket.
Pale	That which incloses or fences in; a boundary; a limit; a fence; a palisade.
Pale	A space or field having bounds or limits; a limited region or place; an inclosure; -- often used figuratively.
Pale	A stripe or band, as on a garment.
Pale	One of the greater ordinaries, being a broad perpendicular stripe in an escutcheon, equally distant from the two edges, and occupying one third of it.
Pale	A cheese scoop.
Pale	A shore for bracing a timber before it is fastened.
Pale	To inclose with pales, or as with pales; to encircle; to encompass; to fence off.
Paleae	of Palea
Palea	The interior chaff or husk of grasses.
Palea	One of the chaffy scales or bractlets growing on the receptacle of many compound flowers, as the Coreopsis, the sunflower, etc.
Palea	A pendulous process of the skin on the throat of a bird, as in the turkey; a dewlap.
Paleaceous	Chaffy; resembling or consisting of paleae, or chaff; furnished with chaff; as, a paleaceous receptacle.
Palearctic	Belonging to a region of the earth's surface which includes all Europe to the Azores, Iceland, and all temperate Asia.
Paled	Striped.
Paled	Inclosed with a paling.
Paleechinoidea	An extinct order of sea urchins found in the Paleozoic rocks. They had more than twenty vertical rows of plates. Called also Palaeechini.
Paleface	A white person; -- an appellation supposed to have been applied to the whites by the American Indians.
Paleichthyes	A comprehensive division of fishes which includes the elasmobranchs and ganoids.
Palely	In a pale manner; dimly; wanly; not freshly or ruddily.
Palempore	A superior kind of dimity made in India, -- used for bed coverings.
Paleness	The quality or condition of being pale; want of freshness or ruddiness; a sickly whiteness; lack of color or luster; wanness.
Palenque	A collective name for the Indians of Nicaragua and Honduras.
Paleo-	A combining form meaning old, ancient; as, palearctic, paleontology, paleothere, paleography.
Paleobotanist	One versed in paleobotany.
Paleobotany	That branch of paleontology which treats of fossil plants.
Paleocarida	Same as Merostomata.
Paleocrinoidea	A suborder of Crinoidea found chiefly in the Paleozoic rocks.
Paleocrystic	Of, pertaining to, or derived from, a former glacial formation.
Paleogaean	Of or pertaining to the Eastern hemisphere.
Paleograph	An ancient manuscript.
Paleographer	One skilled in paleography; a paleographist.
Paleographic	Alt. of Paleographical
Paleographical	Of or pertaining to paleography.
Paleographist	One versed in paleography; a paleographer.
Paleography	An ancient manner of writing; ancient writings, collectively; as, Punic paleography.
Paleography	The study of ancient inscriptions and modes of writing; the art or science of deciphering ancient writings, and determining their origin, period, etc., from external characters; diplomatics.
Paleolae	of Paleola
Paleola	A diminutive or secondary palea; a lodicule.
Paleolith	A relic of the Paleolithic era.
Paleolithic	Of or pertaining to an era marked by early stone implements. The Paleolithic era (as proposed by Lubbock) includes the earlier half of the "Stone Age;" the remains belonging to it are for the most part of extinct animals, with relics of human beings.
Paleologist	One versed in paleology; a student of antiquity.
Paleology	The study or knowledge of antiquities, esp. of prehistoric antiquities; a discourse or treatise on antiquities; archaeology .
Paleontographical	Of or pertaining to the description of fossil remains.
Paleontography	The description of fossil remains.
Paleontological	Of or pertaining to paleontology.
Paleontologist	One versed in paleontology.
Paleontology	The science which treats of the ancient life of the earth, or of fossils which are the remains of such life.
Paleophytologist	A paleobotanist.
Paleophytology	Paleobotany.
Paleornithology	The branch of paleontology which treats of fossil birds.
Paleosaurus	A genus of fossil saurians found in the Permian formation.
Paleotechnic	Belonging to, or connected with, ancient art.
Paleothere	Any species of Paleotherium.
Paleotherian	Of or pertaining to Paleotherium.
Paleotherium	An extinct genus of herbivorous Tertiary mammals, once supposed to have resembled the tapir in form, but now known to have had a more slender form, with a long neck like that of a llama.
Paleotheroid	Resembling Paleotherium.
Paleotheroid	An animal resembling, or allied to, the paleothere.
Paleotype	See Palaeotype.
Paleous	Chaffy; like chaff; paleaceous.
Paleozoic	Of or pertaining to, or designating, the older division of geological time during which life is known to have existed, including the Silurian, Devonian, and Carboniferous ages, and also to the life or rocks of those ages. See Chart of Geology.
Paleozoology	The Paleozoic time or strata.
Paleozooogy	The science of extinct animals, a branch of paleontology.
Palesie	Alt. of Palesy
Palesy	Palsy.
Palestinian	Alt. of Palestinean
Palestinean	Of or pertaining to Palestine.
Palestrae	of Palestra
Palestras	of Palestra
Palestra	A wrestling school; hence, a gymnasium, or place for athletic exercise in general.
Palestra	A wrestling; the exercise of wrestling.
Palestrian	Alt. of Palestrical
Palestric	Alt. of Palestrical
Palestrical	Of or pertaining to the palestra, or to wrestling.
Palet	Same as Palea.
Paletot	An overcoat.
Paletot	A lady's outer garment, -- of varying fashion.
Palette	A thin, oval or square board, or tablet, with a thumb hole at one end for holding it, on which a painter lays and mixes his pigments.
Palette	One of the plates covering the points of junction at the bend of the shoulders and elbows.
Palette	A breastplate for a breast drill.
Palewise	In the manner of a pale or pales; by perpendicular lines or divisions; as, to divide an escutcheon palewise.
Palfrey	A saddle horse for the road, or for state occasions, as distinguished from a war horse.
Palfrey	A small saddle horse for ladies.
Palfreyed	Mounted on a palfrey.
Palgrave	See Palsgrave.
Pali	pl. of Palus.
Pali	A dialect descended from Sanskrit, and like that, a dead language, except when used as the sacred language of the Buddhist religion in Farther India, etc.
Palification	The act or practice of driving piles or posts into the ground to make it firm.
Paliform	Resembling a palus; as, the paliform lobes of the septa in corals.
Palilogy	The repetition of a word, or part of a sentence, for the sake of greater emphasis; as, "The living, the living, he shall praise thee."
Palimpsest	A parchment which has been written upon twice, the first writing having been erased to make place for the second.
Palindrome	A word, verse, or sentence, that is the same when read backward or forward; as, madam; Hannah; or Lewd did I live, & evil I did dwel.
Palindromic	Alt. of Palindromical
Palindromical	Of, pertaining to, or like, a palindrome.
Palindromist	A writer of palindromes.
Paling	Pales, in general; a fence formed with pales or pickets; a limit; an inclosure.
Paling	The act of placing pales or stripes on cloth; also, the stripes themselves.
Palingenesia	See Palingenesis.
Palingenesis	Alt. of Palingenesy
Palingenesy	A new birth; a re-creation; a regeneration; a continued existence in different manner or form.
Palingenesy	That form of evolution in which the truly ancestral characters conserved by heredity are reproduced in development; original simple descent; -- distinguished from kenogenesis. Sometimes, in zoology, the abrupt metamorphosis of insects, crustaceans, etc.
Palingenetic	Of or pertaining to palingenesis: as, a palingenetic process.
Palinode	An ode recanting, or retracting, a former one; also, a repetition of an ode.
Palinode	A retraction; esp., a formal retraction.
Palinodial	Of or pertaining to a palinode, or retraction.
Palinody	See Palinode.
Palinurus	An instrument for obtaining directly, without calculation, the true bearing of the sun, and thence the variation of the compass
Palisade	A strong, long stake, one end of which is set firmly in the ground, and the other is sharpened; also, a fence formed of such stakes set in the ground as a means of defense.
Palisade	Any fence made of pales or sharp stakes.
Palisaded	of Palisade
Palisading	of Palisade
Palisade	To surround, inclose, or fortify, with palisades.
Palisading	A row of palisades set in the ground.
Palisadoes	of Palisado
Palisado	A palisade.
Palisado	To palisade.
Palish	Somewhat pale or wan.
Palissander	Violet wood.
Palissander	Rosewood.
Palissy	Designating, or of the nature of, a kind of pottery made by Bernard Palissy, in France, in the 16th centry.
Palkee	A palanquin.
Pall	Same as Pawl.
Pall	An outer garment; a cloak mantle.
Pall	A kind of rich stuff used for garments in the Middle Ages.
Pall	Same as Pallium.
Pall	A figure resembling the Roman Catholic pallium, or pall, and having the form of the letter Y.
Pall	A large cloth, esp., a heavy black cloth, thrown over a coffin at a funeral; sometimes, also, over a tomb.
Pall	A piece of cardboard, covered with linen and embroidered on one side; -- used to put over the chalice.
Pall	To cloak.
Palled	of Pall
Palling	of Pall
Pall	To become vapid, tasteless, dull, or insipid; to lose strength, life, spirit, or taste; as, the liquor palls.
Pall	To make vapid or insipid; to make lifeless or spiritless; to dull; to weaken.
Pall	To satiate; to cloy; as, to pall the appetite.
Pall	Nausea.
Palla	An oblong rectangular piece of cloth, worn by Roman ladies, and fastened with brooches.
Palladian	Of, pertaining to, or designating, a variety of the revived classic style of architecture, founded on the works of Andrea Palladio, an Italian architect of the 16th century.
Palladic	Of, pertaining to, or derived from, palladium; -- used specifically to designate those compounds in which the element has a higher valence as contrasted with palladious compounds.
Palladious	Of, pertaining to, or containing, palladium; -- used specifically to designate those compounds in which palladium has a lower valence as compared with palladic compounds.
Palladium	Any statue of the goddess Pallas; esp., the famous statue on the preservation of which depended the safety of ancient Troy.
Palladium	Hence: That which affords effectual protection or security; a sateguard; as, the trial by jury is the palladium of our civil rights.
Palladium	A rare metallic element of the light platinum group, found native, and also alloyed with platinum and gold. It is a silver-white metal resembling platinum, and like it permanent and untarnished in the air, but is more easily fusible. It is unique in its power of occluding hydrogen, which it does to the extent of nearly a thousand volumes, forming the alloy Pd2H. It is used for graduated circles and verniers, for plating certain silver goods, and somewhat in dentistry. It was so named in 1804 by Wollaston from the asteroid Pallas, which was discovered in 1802. Symbol Pd. Atomic weight, 106.2.
Palladiumized	of Paladiumize
Palladiumizing	of Paladiumize
Paladiumize	To cover or coat with palladium.
Pallah	A large South African antelope (Aepyceros melampus). The male has long lyrate and annulated horns. The general color is bay, with a black crescent on the croup. Called also roodebok.
Pallas	Pallas Athene, the Grecian goddess of wisdom, called also Athene, and identified, at a later period, with the Roman Minerva.
Pallbearer	One of those who attend the coffin at a funeral; -- so called from the pall being formerly carried by them.
Pallet	A small and mean bed; a bed of straw.
Palet	A perpendicular band upon an escutcheon, one half the breadth of the pale.
Pallet	Same as Palette.
Pallet	A wooden implement used by potters, crucible makers, etc., for forming, beating, and rounding their works. It is oval, round, and of other forms.
Pallet	A potter's wheel.
Pallet	An instrument used to take up gold leaf from the pillow, and to apply it.
Pallet	A tool for gilding the backs of books over the bands.
Pallet	A board on which a newly molded brick is conveyed to the hack.
Pallet	A click or pawl for driving a ratchet wheel.
Pallet	One of the series of disks or pistons in the chain pump.
Pallet	One of the pieces or levers connected with the pendulum of a clock, or the balance of a watch, which receive the immediate impulse of the scape-wheel, or balance wheel.
Pallet	In the organ, a valve between the wind chest and the mouth of a pipe or row of pipes.
Pallet	One of a pair of shelly plates that protect the siphon tubes of certain bivalves, as the Teredo. See Illust. of Teredo.
Pallet	A cup containing three ounces, -- /ormerly used by surgeons.
Pallial	Of or pretaining to a mantle, especially to the mantle of mollusks; produced by the mantle; as, the pallial line, or impression, which marks the attachment of the mantle on the inner surface of a bivalve shell. See Illust. of Bivalve.
Palliament	A dress; a robe.
Palliard	A born beggar; a vagabond.
Palliard	A lecher; a lewd person.
Palliasse	See Paillasse.
Palliate	Covered with a mant/e; cloaked; disguised.
Palliate	Eased; mitigated; alleviated.
Palliated	of Palliate
Palliating	of Palliate
Palliate	To cover with a mantle or cloak; to cover up; to hide.
Palliate	To cover with excuses; to conceal the enormity of, by excuses and apologies; to extenuate; as, to palliate faults.
Palliate	To reduce in violence; to lessen or abate; to mitigate; to ease withhout curing; as, to palliate a disease.
Palliation	The act of palliating, or state of being palliated; extenuation; excuse; as, the palliation of faults, offenses, vices.
Palliation	Mitigation; alleviation, as of a disease.
Palliation	That which cloaks or covers; disguise; also, the state of being covered or disguised.
Palliative	Serving to palliate; serving to extenuate or mitigate.
Palliative	That which palliates; a palliative agent.
Palliatory	Palliative; extenuating.
Pallid	Deficient in color; pale; wan; as, a pallid countenance; pallid blue.
Pallidity	Pallidness; paleness.
Pallidly	In a pallid manner.
Pallidness	The quality or state of being pallid; paleness; pallor; wanness.
Palliobranchiata	Same as Brachiopoda.
Palliobranchiate	Having the pallium, or mantle, acting as a gill, as in brachiopods.
Pallia	of Pallium
Palliums	of Pallium
Pallium	A large, square, woolen cloak which enveloped the whole person, worn by the Greeks and by certain Romans. It is the Roman name of a Greek garment.
Pallium	A band of white wool, worn on the shoulders, with four purple crosses worked on it; a pall.
Pallium	The mantle of a bivalve. See Mantle.
Pallium	The mantle of a bird.
Pall-mall	A game formerly common in England, in which a wooden ball was driven with a mallet through an elevated hoop or ring of iron. The name was also given to the mallet used, to the place where the game was played, and to the street, in London, still called Pall Mall.
Pallone	An Italian game, played with a large leather ball.
Pallor	Paleness; want of color; pallidity; as, pallor of the complexion.
Palm	The inner and somewhat concave part of the hand between the bases of the fingers and the wrist.
Palm	A lineal measure equal either to the breadth of the hand or to its length from the wrist to the ends of the fingers; a hand; -- used in measuring a horse's height.
Palm	A metallic disk, attached to a strap, and worn the palm of the hand, -- used to push the needle through the canvas, in sewing sails, etc.
Palm	The broad flattened part of an antler, as of a full-grown fallow deer; -- so called as resembling the palm of the hand with its protruding fingers.
Palm	The flat inner face of an anchor fluke.
Palm	Any endogenous tree of the order Palmae or Palmaceae; a palm tree.
Palm	A branch or leaf of the palm, anciently borne or worn as a symbol of victory or rejoicing.
Palm	Any symbol or token of superiority, success, or triumph; also, victory; triumph; supremacy.
Palmed	of Palm
Palming	of Palm
Palm	To handle.
Palm	To manipulate with, or conceal in, the palm of the hand; to juggle.
Palm	To impose by fraud, as by sleight of hand; to put by unfair means; -- usually with off.
Palmaceous	Of or pertaining to palms; of the nature of, or resembling, palms.
Palma Christi	A plant (Ricinus communis) with ornamental peltate and palmately cleft foliage, growing as a woody perennial in the tropics, and cultivated as an herbaceous annual in temperate regions; -- called also castor-oil plant.
Palmacite	A fossil palm.
Palmar	Pertaining to, or corresponding with, the palm of the hand.
Palmar	Of or pertaining to the under side of the wings of birds.
Palmaria	of Palmarium
Palmarium	One of the bifurcations of the brachial plates of a crinoid.
Palmary	Palmar.
Palmary	Worthy of the palm; palmy; preeminent; superior; principal; chief; as, palmary work.
Palmate	A salt of palmic acid; a ricinoleate.
Palmate	Alt. of Palmated
Palmated	Having the shape of the hand; resembling a hand with the fingers spread.
Palmated	Spreading from the apex of a petiole, as the divisions of a leaf, or leaflets, so as to resemble the hand with outspread fingers.
Palmated	Having the anterior toes united by a web, as in most swimming birds; webbed.
Palmated	Having the distal portion broad, flat, and more or less divided into lobes; -- said of certain corals, antlers, etc.
Palmately	In a palmate manner.
Palmatifid	Palmate, with the divisions separated but little more than halfway to the common center.
Palmatilobed	Palmate, with the divisions separated less than halfway to the common center.
Palmatisect	Alt. of Palmatisected
Palmatisected	Divided, as a palmate leaf, down to the midrib, so that the parenchyma is interrupted.
Palmcrist	The palma Christi. (Jonah iv. 6, margin, and Douay version, note.)
Palmed	Having or bearing a palm or palms.
Palmer	One who palms or cheats, as at cards or dice.
Palmer	A wandering religious votary; especially, one who bore a branch of palm as a token that he had visited the Holy Land and its sacred places.
Palmer	A palmerworm.
Palmer	Short for Palmer fly, an artificial fly made to imitate a hairy caterpillar; a hackle.
Palmerworm	Any hairy caterpillar which appears in great numbers, devouring herbage, and wandering about like a palmer. The name is applied also to other voracious insects.
Palmerworm	In America, the larva of any one of several moths, which destroys the foliage of fruit and forest trees, esp. the larva of Ypsolophus pometellus, which sometimes appears in vast numbers.
Palmette	A floral ornament, common in Greek and other ancient architecture; -- often called the honeysuckle ornament.
Palmetto	A name given to palms of several genera and species growing in the West Indies and the Southern United States. In the United States, the name is applied especially to the Chamaerops, / Sabal, Palmetto, the cabbage tree of Florida and the Carolinas. See Cabbage tree, under Cabbage.
Palmic	Of, pertaining to, or derived from, the castor-oil plant (Ricinus communis, or Palma Christi); -- formerly used to designate an acid now called ricinoleic acid.
Palmidactyles	A group of wading birds having the toes webbed, as the avocet.
Palmiferous	Bearing palms.
Palmigrade	Putting the whole foot upon the ground in walking, as some mammals.
Palmin	A white waxy or fatty substance obtained from castor oil.
Palmin	Ricinolein.
Palmiped	Web-footed, as a water fowl.
Palmiped	A swimming bird; a bird having webbed feet.
Palmipedes	Same as Natatores.
Palmister	One who practices palmistry
Palmistry	The art or practice of divining or telling fortunes, or of judging of character, by the lines and marks in the palm of the hand; chiromancy.
Palmistry	A dexterous use or trick of the hand.
Palmitate	A salt of palmitic acid.
Palmite	A South African plant (Prionium Palmita) of the Rush family, having long serrated leaves. The stems have been used for making brushes.
Palmitic	Pertaining to, or obtained from, palmitin or palm oil; as, palmitic acid, a white crystalline body belonging to the fatty acid series. It is readily soluble in hot alcohol, and melts to a liquid oil at 62¡ C.
Palmitin	A solid crystallizable fat, found abundantly in animals and in vegetables. It occurs mixed with stearin and olein in the fat of animal tissues, with olein and butyrin in butter, with olein in olive oil, etc. Chemically, it is a glyceride of palmitic acid, three molecules of palmitic acid being united to one molecule of glyceryl, and hence it is technically called tripalmitin, or glyceryl tripalmitate.
Palmitolic	Pertaining to, or designating, an artificial acid of the oleic acid series, isomeric with linoleic acid.
Palmitone	The ketone of palmitic acid.
Palm Sunday	The Sunday next before Easter; -- so called in commemoration of our Savior's triumphal entry into Jerusalem, when the multitude strewed palm branches in the way.
Palmy	Bearing palms; abounding in palms; derived from palms; as, a palmy shore.
Palmy	Worthy of the palm; flourishing; prosperous.
Palmyra	A species of palm (Borassus flabelliformis) having a straight, black, upright trunk, with palmate leaves. It is found native along the entire northern shores of the Indian Ocean, from the mouth of the Tigris to New Guinea. More than eight hundred uses to which it is put are enumerated by native writers. Its wood is largely used for building purposes; its fruit and roots serve for food, its sap for making toddy, and its leaves for thatching huts.
Palola	An annelid (Palola viridis) which, at certain seasons of the year, swarms at the surface of the sea about some of the Pacific Islands, where it is collected for food.
Pallometa	A pompano.
Palp	Same as Palpus.
Palp	To have a distinct touch or feeling of; to feel.
Palpability	The quality of being palpable, or perceptible by the touch.
Palpable	Capable of being touched and felt; perceptible by the touch; as, a palpable form.
Palpable	Easily perceptible; plain; distinct; obvious; readily perceived and detected; gross; as, palpable imposture; palpable absurdity; palpable errors.
Palpation	Act of touching or feeling.
Palpation	Examination of a patient by touch.
Palpator	One of a family of clavicorn beetles, including those which have very long maxillary palpi.
Palpebrae	of Palpebra
Palpebra	The eyelid.
Palpebral	Of or pertaining to the eyelids.
Palprbrate	Having eyelids.
Palped	Having a palpus.
Palpi	pl. of Palpus. (Zool.) See Palpus.
Palpicorn	One of a group of aquatic beetles (Palpicornia) having short club-shaped antennae, and long maxillary palpi.
Palpifer	Same as Palpiger.
Palpiform	Having the form of a palpus.
Palpiger	That portion of the labium which bears the palpi in insects.
Palpigerous	Bearing a palpus.
Palpitant	Palpitating; throbbing; trembling.
Palpitated	of Palpitate
Palpitating	of Palpitate
Palpitate	To beat rapidly and more strongly than usual; to throb; to bound with emotion or exertion; to pulsate violently; to flutter; -- said specifically of the heart when its action is abnormal, as from excitement.
Palpitation	A rapid pulsation; a throbbing; esp., an abnormal, rapid beating of the heart as when excited by violent exertion, strong emotion, or by disease.
Palpless	Without a palpus.
Palpocil	A minute soft filamentary process springing from the surface of certain hydroids and sponges.
Palpi	of Palpus
Palpus	A feeler; especially, one of the jointed sense organs attached to the mouth organs of insects, arachnids, crustaceans, and annelids; as, the mandibular palpi, maxillary palpi, and labial palpi. The palpi of male spiders serve as sexual organs. Called also palp. See Illust. of Arthrogastra and Orthoptera.
Palsgrave	A count or earl who presided in the domestic court, and had the superintendence, of a royal household in Germany.
Palsgravine	The consort or widow of a palsgrave.
Palsical	Affected with palsy; palsied; paralytic.
Palsied	Affected with palsy; paralyzed.
Palstave	A peculiar bronze adz, used in prehistoric Europe about the middle of the bronze age.
Palster	A pilgrim's staff.
Palsies	of Palsy
Palsy	Paralysis, complete or partial. See Paralysis.
Palsied	of Palsy
Palsying	of Palsy
Palsy	To affect with palsy, or as with palsy; to deprive of action or energy; to paralyze.
Palsywort	The cowslip (Primula veris); -- so called from its supposed remedial powers.
Paltered	of Palter
Paltering	of Palter
Palter	To haggle.
Palter	To act in insincere or deceitful manner; to play false; to equivocate; to shift; to dodge; to trifle.
Palter	To babble; to chatter.
Palter	To trifle with; to waste; to squander in paltry ways or on worthless things.
Palterer	One who palters.
Palterly	Paltry; shabby; shabbily; paltrily.
Paltock	A kind of doublet; a jacket.
Paltrily	In a paltry manner.
Paltriness	The state or quality of being paltry.
Paltry	Mean; vile; worthless; despicable; contemptible; pitiful; trifling; as, a paltry excuse; paltry gold.
Paludal	Of or pertaining to marshes or fens; marshy.
Paludament	See Paludamentum.
Paladumenta	of Paludamentum
Paludamentum	A military cloak worn by a general and his principal officers.
Paludicolae	A division of birds, including the cranes, rails, etc.
Paludicole	Marsh-inhabiting; belonging to the Paludicolae
Paludinae	of Paludina
Paludinas	of Paludina
Paludina	Any one of numerous species of freshwater pectinibranchiate mollusks, belonging to Paludina, Melantho, and allied genera. They have an operculated shell which is usually green, often with brown bands. See Illust. of Pond snail, under Pond.
Paludinal	Inhabiting ponds or swamps.
Paludine	Of or pertaining to a marsh.
Paludinous	Paludinal. (b) Like or pertaining to the genus Paludina.
Paludinous	Of or pertaining to a marsh or fen.
Paludism	The morbid phenomena produced by dwelling among marshes; malarial disease or disposition.
Paludose	Growing or living in marshy places; marshy.
Palule	See Palulus or Palus.
Paluli	of Palulus
Palulus	Same as Palus.
Pali	of Palus
Palus	One of several upright slender calcareous processes which surround the central part of the calicle of certain corals.
Palustral	Of or pertaining to a bog or marsh; boggy.
Palustrine	Of, pertaining to, or living in, a marsh or swamp; marshy.
Paly	Pale; wanting color; dim.
Paly	Divided into four or more equal parts by perpendicular lines, and of two different tinctures disposed alternately.
Pam	The knave of clubs.
Pament	A pavement.
Pampano	Same as Pompano.
Pampas	Vast plains in the central and southern part of the Argentine Republic in South America. The term is sometimes used in a wider sense for the plains extending from Bolivia to Southern Patagonia.
Pampered	of Pamper
Pampering	of Pamper
Pamper	To feed to the full; to feed luxuriously; to glut; as, to pamper the body or the appetite.
Pamper	To gratify inordinately; to indulge to excess; as, to pamper pride; to pamper the imagination.
Pampered	Fed luxuriously; indulged to the full; hence, luxuriant.
Pamperer	One who, or that which, pampers.
Pamperize	To pamper.
Pampero	A violent wind from the west or southwest, which sweeps over the pampas of South America and the adjacent seas, often doing great damage.
Pamperos	A tribe of Indians inhabiting the pampas of South America.
Pamphlet	A writing; a book.
Pamphlet	A small book consisting of a few sheets of printed paper, stitched together, often with a paper cover, but not bound; a short essay or written discussion, usually on a subject of current interest.
Pamphlet	To write a pamphlet or pamphlets.
Pamphleteer	A writer of pamphlets; a scribbler.
Pamphleteer	To write or publish pamphlets.
Pampiniform	In the form of tendrils; -- applied especially to the spermatic and ovarian veins.
Pampre	An ornament, composed of vine leaves and bunches of grapes, used for decorating spiral columns.
Pamprodactylous	Having all the toes turned forward, as the colies.
Pan-	Alt. of Panto-
Panta-	Alt. of Panto-
Panto-	Combining forms signifying all, every; as, panorama, pantheism, pantagraph, pantograph. Pan- becomes pam- before b or p, as pamprodactylous.
Pan	A part; a portion.
Pan	The distance comprised between the angle of the epaule and the flanked angle.
Pan	A leaf of gold or silver.
Pan	To join or fit together; to unite.
Pan	The betel leaf; also, the masticatory made of the betel leaf, etc. See /etel.
Pan	The god of shepherds, guardian of bees, and patron of fishing and hunting. He is usually represented as having the head and trunk of a man, with the legs, horns, and tail of a goat, and as playing on the shepherd's pipe, which he is said to have invented.
Pan	A shallow, open dish or vessel, usually of metal, employed for many domestic uses, as for setting milk for cream, for frying or baking food, etc.; also employed for various uses in manufacturing.
Pan	A closed vessel for boiling or evaporating. See Vacuum pan, under Vacuum.
Pan	The part of a flintlock which holds the priming.
Pan	The skull, considered as a vessel containing the brain; the upper part of the head; the brainpan; the cranium.
Pan	A recess, or bed, for the leaf of a hinge.
Pan	The hard stratum of earth that lies below the soil. See Hard pan, under Hard.
Pan	A natural basin, containing salt or fresh water, or mud.
Panned	of Pan
Panning	of Pan
Pan	To separate, as gold, from dirt or sand, by washing in a kind of pan.
Pan	To yield gold in, or as in, the process of panning; -- usually with out; as, the gravel panned out richly.
Pan	To turn out (profitably or unprofitably); to result; to develop; as, the investigation, or the speculation, panned out poorly.
Panabase	Same as Tetrahedrite.
Panacea	A remedy for all diseases; a universal medicine; a cure-all; catholicon; hence, a relief or solace for affliction.
Panacea	The herb allheal.
Panacean	Having the properties of a panacea.
Panache	A plume or bunch of feathers, esp. such a bunch worn on the helmet; any military plume, or ornamental group of feathers.
Panada	Alt. of Panade
Panade	Bread boiled in water to the consistence of pulp, and sweetened or flavored.
Panade	A dagger.
Panama hat	A fine plaited hat, made in Central America of the young leaves of a plant (Carludovica palmata).
Pan-American	Of or pertaining to both North and South America.
Pan-Anglican	Belonging to, or representing, the whole Church of England; used less strictly, to include the Protestant Episcopal Church of the United States; as, the Pan-Anglican Conference at Lambeth, in 1888.
Panary	Of or pertaining to bread or to breadmaking.
Panary	A storehouse for bread.
Pancake	A thin cake of batter fried in a pan or on a griddle; a griddlecake; a flapjack.
Pancarte	A royal charter confirming to a subject all his possessions.
Pance	The pansy.
Panch	See Paunch.
Panchway	A Bengalese four-oared boat for passengers.
Pancratian	Pancratic; athletic.
Pancratiast	One who engaged in the contests of the pancratium.
Pancratiastic	Of or pertaining to the pancratium.
Pancratic	Having all or many degrees of power; having a great range of power; -- said of an eyepiece made adjustable so as to give a varying magnifying power.
Pancratic	Alt. of Pancratical
Pancratical	Of or pertaining to the pancratium; athletic.
Pancratist	An athlete; a gymnast.
Pancratium	An athletic contest involving both boxing and wrestling.
Pancratium	A genus of Old World amaryllideous bulbous plants, having a funnel-shaped perianth with six narrow spreading lobes. The American species are now placed in the related genus Hymenocallis.
Pancreas	The sweetbread, a gland connected with the intestine of nearly all vertebrates. It is usually elongated and light-colored, and its secretion, called the pancreatic juice, is discharged, often together with the bile, into the upper part of the intestines, and is a powerful aid in digestion. See Illust. of Digestive apparatus.
Pancreatic	Of or pertaining to the pancreas; as, the pancreatic secretion, digestion, ferments.
Pancreatin	One of the digestive ferments of the pancreatic juice; also, a preparation containing such a ferment, made from the pancreas of animals, and used in medicine as an aid to digestion.
Pancy	See Pansy.
Panda	A small Asiatic mammal (Ailurus fulgens) having fine soft fur. It is related to the bears, and inhabits the mountains of Northern India.
Pandanus	A genus of endogenous plants. See Screw pine.
Pandar	Same as Pander.
Pandarism	Same as Panderism.
Pandarize	To pander.
Pandarous	Panderous.
Pandean	Of or relating to the god Pan.
Pandect	A treatise which comprehends the whole of any science.
Pandect	The digest, or abridgment, in fifty books, of the decisions, writings, and opinions of the old Roman jurists, made in the sixth century by direction of the emperor Justinian, and forming the leading compilation of the Roman civil law.
Pandemic	Affecting a whole people or a number of countries; everywhere epidemic.
Pandemic	A pandemic disease.
Pandemonium	The great hall or council chamber of demons or evil spirits.
Pandemonium	An utterly lawless, riotous place or assemblage.
Pander	A male bawd; a pimp; a procurer.
Pander	Hence, one who ministers to the evil designs and passions of another.
Pandered	of Pander
Pandering	of Pander
Pander	To play the pander for.
Pander	To act the part of a pander.
Panderage	The act of pandering.
Panderism	The employment, arts, or practices of a pander.
Panderly	Having the quality of a pander.
Pandermite	A hydrous borate of lime, near priceite.
Panderous	Of or relating to a pander; characterizing a pander.
Pandiculated	Extended; spread out; stretched.
Pandiculation	A stretching and stiffening of the trunk and extremities, as when fatigued and drowsy.
Pandit	See Pundit.
Pandoor	Same as Pandour.
Pandora	A beautiful woman (all-gifted), whom Jupiter caused Vulcan to make out of clay in order to punish the human race, because Prometheus had stolen the fire from heaven. Jupiter gave Pandora a box containing all human ills, which, when the box was opened, escaped and spread over the earth. Hope alone remained in the box. Another version makes the box contain all the blessings of the gods, which were lost to men when Pandora opened it.
Pandora	A genus of marine bivalves, in which one valve is flat, the other convex.
Pandore	An ancient musical instrument, of the lute kind; a bandore.
Pandour	One of a class of Hungarian mountaineers serving in the Austrian army; -- so called from Pandur, a principal town in the region from which they originally came.
Pandowdy	A deep pie or pudding made of baked apples, or of sliced bread and apples baked together, with no bottom crust.
Pandurate	Alt. of Panduriform
Panduriform	Obovate, with a concavity in each side, like the body of a violin; fiddle-shaped; as, a panduriform leaf; panduriform color markings of an animal.
Pane	The narrow edge of a hammer head. See Peen.
Pane	A division; a distinct piece, limited part, or compartment of any surface; a patch; hence, a square of a checkered or plaided pattern.
Pane	One of the openings in a slashed garment, showing the bright colored silk, or the like, within; hence, the piece of colored or other stuff so shown.
Pane	A compartment of a surface, or a flat space; hence, one side or face of a building; as, an octagonal tower is said to have eight panes.
Pane	Especially, in modern use, the glass in one compartment of a window sash.
Pane	In irrigating, a subdivision of an irrigated surface between a feeder and an outlet drain.
Pane	One of the flat surfaces, or facets, of any object having several sides.
Pane	One of the eight facets surrounding the table of a brilliant cut diamond.
Paned	Having panes; provided with panes; also, having openings; as, a paned window; paned window sash.
Paned	Having flat sides or surfaces; as, a six/paned nut.
Panegyric	An oration or eulogy in praise of some person or achievement; a formal or elaborate encomium; a laudatory discourse; laudation. See Synonym of Eulogy.
Panegyric	Alt. of Panegyrical
Panegyrical	Containing praise or eulogy; encomiastic; laudatory.
Panegyris	A festival; a public assembly.
Panegyrist	One who delivers a panegyric; a eulogist; one who extols or praises, either by writing or speaking.
Panegyrized	of Panegyrize
Panegyrizing	of Panegyrize
Panegyrize	To praise highly; to extol in a public speech; to write or deliver a panegyric upon; to eulogize.
Panegyrize	To indulge in panegyrics.
Panegyry	A panegyric.
Panel	A sunken compartment with raised margins, molded or otherwise, as in ceilings, wainscotings, etc.
Panel	A piece of parchment or a schedule, containing the names of persons summoned as jurors by the sheriff; hence, more generally, the whole jury.
Panel	A prisoner arraigned for trial at the bar of a criminal court.
Panel	Formerly, a piece of cloth serving as a saddle; hence, a soft pad beneath a saddletree to prevent chafing.
Panel	A board having its edges inserted in the groove of a surrounding frame; as, the panel of a door.
Panel	One of the faces of a hewn stone.
Panel	A slab or plank of wood upon which, instead of canvas, a picture is painted.
Panel	A heap of dressed ore.
Panel	One of the districts divided by pillars of extra size, into which a mine is laid off in one system of extracting coal.
Panel	A plain strip or band, as of velvet or plush, placed at intervals lengthwise on the skirt of a dress, for ornament.
Panel	A portion of a framed structure between adjacent posts or struts, as in a bridge truss.
Paneled	of Panel
Panelled	of Panel
Paneling	of Panel
Panelling	of Panel
Panel	To form in or with panels; as, to panel a wainscot.
Panelation	The act of impaneling a jury.
Paneless	Without panes.
Paneling	A forming in panels; panelwork.
Panelwork	Wainscoting.
Paneulogism	Eulogy of everything; indiscriminate praise.
Panfuls	of Panful
Panful	Enough to fill a pan.
Pang	A paroxysm of extreme pain or anguish; a sudden and transitory agony; a throe; as, the pangs of death.
Pang	To torture; to cause to have great pain or suffering; to torment.
Pangenesis	An hypothesis advanced by Darwin in explanation of heredity.
Pangenetic	Of or pertaining to pangenesis.
Pangful	Full of pangs.
Pangless	Without a pang; painless.
Pangolin	Any one of several species of Manis, Pholidotus, and related genera, found in Africa and Asia. They are covered with imbricated scales, and feed upon ants. Called also scaly ant-eater.
Pangothic	Of, pertaining to, or including, all the Gothic races.
Panhellenic	Of or pertaining to all Greece, or to Panhellenism; including all Greece, or all the Greeks.
Panhellenism	A scheme to unite all the Greeks in one political body.
Panhellenist	An advocate of Panhellenism.
Panhellenium	An assembly or association of Greeks from all the states of Greece.
Panic	A plant of the genus Panicum; panic grass; also, the edible grain of some species of panic grass.
Panic	Extreme or sudden and causeless; unreasonable; -- said of fear or fright; as, panic fear, terror, alarm.
Panic	A sudden, overpowering fright; esp., a sudden and groundless fright; terror inspired by a trifling cause or a misapprehension of danger; as, the troops were seized with a panic; they fled in a panic.
Panic	By extension: A sudden widespread fright or apprehension concerning financial affairs.
Panical	See Panic, a.
Panicle	A pyramidal form of inflorescence, in which the cluster is loosely branched below and gradually simpler toward the end.
Panicled	Furnished with panicles; arranged in, or like, panicles; paniculate.
Panic-stricken	Alt. of Panic-struck
Panic-struck	Struck with a panic, or sudden fear.
Paniculate	Alt. of Paniculated
Paniculated	Same as Panicled.
Panicum	A genus of grasses, including several hundred species, some of which are valuable; panic grass.
Panidiomorphic	Having a completely idiomorphic structure; -- said of certain rocks.
Panier	See Pannier, 3.
Panification	The act or process of making bread.
Panim	See Painim.
Panislamism	A desire or plan for the union of all Mohammedan nations for the conquest of the world.
Panivorous	Eating bread; subsisting on bread.
Pannade	The curvet of a horse.
Pannage	The food of swine in the woods, as beechnuts, acorns, etc.; -- called also pawns.
Pannage	A tax paid for the privilege of feeding swine in the woods.
Pannary	See Panary.
Pannel	A kind of rustic saddle.
Pannel	The stomach of a hawk.
Pannel	A carriage for conveying a mortar and its bed, on a march.
Pannier	A bread basket; also, a wicker basket (used commonly in pairs) for carrying fruit or other things on a horse or an ass
Pannier	A shield of basket work formerly used by archers as a shelter from the enemy's missiles.
Pannier	A table waiter at the Inns of Court, London.
Pannier	A framework of steel or whalebone, worn by women to expand their dresses; a kind of bustle.
Panniered	Bearing panniers.
Pannikel	The brainpan, or skull; hence, the crest.
Pannikin	A small pan or cup.
Pannose	Similar in texture or appearance to felt or woolen cloth.
Pannus	A very vascular superficial opacity of the cornea, usually caused by granulation of the eyelids.
Panoistic	Producing ova only; -- said of the ovaries of certain insects which do not produce vitelligenous cells.
Panomphean	Uttering ominous or prophetic voices; divining.
Panoplied	Dressed in panoply.
Panoply	Defensive armor in general; a full suit of defensive armor.
Panopticon	A prison so contructed that the inspector can see each of the prisoners at all times, without being seen.
Panopticon	A room for the exhibition of novelties.
Panorama	A complete view in every direction.
Panorama	A picture presenting a view of objects in every direction, as from a central point.
Panorama	A picture representing scenes too extended to be beheld at once, and so exhibited a part at a time, by being unrolled, and made to pass continuously before the spectator.
Panoramic	Alt. of Panoramical
Panoramical	Of, pertaining to, or like, a panorama.
Panorpian	Like, or pertaining to, the genus Panorpa.
Panorpian	Same as Panorpid.
Panorpid	Any neuropterous insect of the genus Panorpa, and allied genera. The larvae feed on plant lice.
Panpharmacon	A medicine for all diseases; a panacea.
Panpresbyterian	Belonging to, or representative of, those who hold Presbyterian views in all parts of the world; as, a Panpresbyterian council.
Pansclavic	Alt. of Pansclavonian
Pansclavism	Alt. of Pansclavonian
Pansclavist	Alt. of Pansclavonian
Pansclavonian	See Panslavic, Panslavism, etc.
Panshon	An earthen vessel wider at the top than at the bottom, -- used for holding milk and for various other purposes.
Pansied	Covered or adorned with pansies.
Panslavic	Pertaining to all the Slavic races.
Panslavism	A scheme or desire to unite all the Slavic races into one confederacy.
Panslavist	One who favors Panslavism.
Panslavonian	See Panslavic.
Pansophical	All-wise; claiming universal knowledge; as, pansophical pretenders.
Pansophy	Universal wisdom; esp., a system of universal knowledge proposed by Comenius (1592 -- 1671), a Moravian educator.
Panspermatist	Alt. of Panspermist
Panspermist	A believer in panspermy; one who rejects the theory of spontaneous generation; a biogenist.
Panspermic	Of or pertaining to panspermy; as, the panspermic hypothesis.
Panspermy	The doctrine of the widespread distribution of germs, from which under favorable circumstances bacteria, vibrios, etc., may develop.
Panspermy	The doctrine that all organisms must come from living parents; biogenesis; -- the opposite of spontaneous generation.
Panstereorama	A model of a town or country, in relief, executed in wood, cork, pasteboard, or the like.
Pansies	of Pansy
Pansy	A plant of the genus Viola (V. tricolor) and its blossom, originally purple and yellow. Cultivated varieties have very large flowers of a great diversity of colors. Called also heart's-ease, love-in-idleness, and many other quaint names.
Panted	of Pant
Panting	of Pant
Pant	To breathe quickly or in a labored manner, as after exertion or from eagerness or excitement; to respire with heaving of the breast; to gasp.
Pant	Hence: To long eagerly; to desire earnestly.
Pant	To beat with unnatural violence or rapidity; to palpitate, or throb; -- said of the heart.
Pant	To sigh; to flutter; to languish.
Pant	To breathe forth quickly or in a labored manner; to gasp out.
Pant	To long for; to be eager after.
Pant	A quick breathing; a catching of the breath; a gasp.
Pant	A violent palpitation of the heart.
Panta-	See Pan-.
Pantable	See Pantofle.
Pantacosm	See Cosmolabe.
Pantagraph	See Pantograph.
Pantagruelism	The theory or practice of the medical profession; -- used in burlesque or ridicule.
Pantagruelism	An assumption of buffoonery to cover some serious purpose.
Pantalet	One of the legs of the loose drawers worn by children and women; particularly, the lower part of such a garment, coming below the knee, often made in a separate piece; -- chiefly in the plural.
Pantaloon	A ridiculous character, or an old dotard, in the Italian comedy; also, a buffoon in pantomimes.
Pantaloon	A bifurcated garment for a man, covering the body from the waist downwards, and consisting of breeches and stockings in one.
Pantaloon	In recent times, same as Trousers.
Pantaloonery	The character or performances of a pantaloon; buffoonery.
Pantaloonery	Materials for pantaloons.
Pantamorph	That which assumes, or exists in, all forms.
Pantamorphic	Taking all forms.
Pantascope	A pantascopic camera.
Pantascopic	Viewing all; taking a view of the whole. See under Camera.
Pantastomata	One of the divisions of Flagellata, including the monads and allied forms.
Pantechnicon	A depository or place where all sorts of manufactured articles are collected for sale.
Pantelegraph	See under Telegraph.
Panter	One who pants.
Panter	A keeper of the pantry; a pantler.
Panter	A net; a noose.
Panteutonic	Of or pertaining to all the Teutonic races.
Pantheism	The doctrine that the universe, taken or conceived of as a whole, is God; the doctrine that there is no God but the combined force and laws which are manifested in the existing universe; cosmotheism.
Pantheist	One who holds to pantheism.
Pantheistic	Alt. of Pantheistical
Pantheistical	Of or pertaining to pantheism; founded in, or leading to, pantheism.
Pantheologist	One versed in pantheology.
Pantheology	A system of theology embracing all religions; a complete system of theology.
Pantheon	A temple dedicated to all the gods; especially, the building so called at Rome.
Pantheon	The collective gods of a people, or a work treating of them; as, a divinity of the Greek pantheon.
Panther	A large dark-colored variety of the leopard, by some zoologists considered a distinct species. It is marked with large ringlike spots, the centers of which are darker than the color of the body.
Panther	In America, the name is applied to the puma, or cougar, and sometimes to the jaguar.
Pantheress	A female panther.
Pantherine	Like a panther, esp. in color; as, the pantherine snake (Ptyas mucosus) of Brazil.
Pantile	A roofing tile, of peculiar form, having a transverse section resembling an elongated S laid on its side (/).
Pantingly	With palpitation or rapid breathing.
Pantisocracy	A Utopian community, in which all should rule equally, such as was devised by Coleridge, Lovell, and Southey, in their younger days.
Pantisocrat	A pantisocratist.
Pantisocratic	Of or pertaining to a pantisocracy.
Pantisocratist	One who favors or supports the theory of a pantisocracy.
Pantler	The servant or officer, in a great family, who has charge of the bread and the pantry.
Panto-	See Pan-.
Pantochronometer	An instrument combining a compass, sundial, and universal time dial.
Pantofle	A slipper for the foot.
Pantograph	An instrument for copying plans, maps, and other drawings, on the same, or on a reduced or an enlarged, scale.
Pantographic	Alt. of Pantographical
Pantographical	Of or pertaining to a pantograph; relating to pantography.
Pantography	A general description; entire view of an object.
Pantological	Of or pertaining to pantology.
Pantologist	One versed in pantology; a writer of pantology.
Pantology	A systematic view of all branches of human knowledge; a work of universal information.
Pantometer	An instrument for measuring angles for determining elevations, distances, etc.
Pantometry	Universal measurement.
Pantomime	A universal mimic; an actor who assumes many parts; also, any actor.
Pantomime	One who acts his part by gesticulation or dumb show only, without speaking; a pantomimist.
Pantomime	A dramatic representation by actors who use only dumb show; hence, dumb show, generally.
Pantomime	A dramatic and spectacular entertainment of which dumb acting as well as burlesque dialogue, music, and dancing by Clown, Harlequin, etc., are features.
Pantomime	Representing only in mute actions; pantomimic; as, a pantomime dance.
Pantomimic	Alt. of Pantomimical
Pantomimical	Of or pertaining to the pantomime; representing by dumb show.
Pantomimist	An actor in pantomime; also, a composer of pantomimes.
Panton	A horseshoe to correct a narrow, hoofbound heel.
Pantophagist	A person or an animal that has the habit of eating all kinds of food.
Pantophagous	Eating all kinds of food.
Pantophagy	The habit or power of eating all kinds of food.
Pantopoda	Same as Pycnogonida.
Pantoscopic	Literally, seeing everything; -- a term applied to eyeglasses or spectacles divided into two segments, the upper being designed for distant vision, the lower for vision of near objects.
Pantries	of Pantry
Pantry	An apartment or closet in which bread and other provisions are kept.
Panurgic	Skilled in all kinds of work.
Panurgy	Skill in all kinds of work or business; craft.
Panyard	See Pannier.
Panym	See Panim.
Panzoism	A term used to denote all of the elements or factors which constitute vitality or vital energy.
Paolo	An old Italian silver coin, worth about ten cents.
Pap	A nipple; a mammilla; a teat.
Pap	A rounded, nipplelike hill or peak; anything resembling a nipple in shape; a mamelon.
Pap	A soft food for infants, made of bread boiled or softtened in milk or water.
Pap	Nourishment or support from official patronage; as, treasury pap.
Pap	The pulp of fruit.
Pap	To feed with pap.
Papa	A child's word for father.
Papa	A parish priest in the Greek Church.
Papabote	The upland plover.
Papacy	The office and dignity of the pope, or pontiff, of Rome; papal jurisdiction.
Papacy	The popes, collectively; the succession of popes.
Papacy	The Roman Catholic religion; -- commonly used by the opponents of the Roman Catholics in disparagement or in an opprobrious sense.
Papagay	See Popinjay, 1 (b).
Papain	A proteolytic ferment, like trypsin, present in the juice of the green fruit of the papaw (Carica Papaya) of tropical America.
Papal	Of or pertaining to the pope of Rome; proceeding from the pope; ordered or pronounced by the pope; as, papal jurisdiction; a papal edict; the papal benediction.
Papal	Of or pertaining to the Roman Catholic Church.
Papalist	A papist.
Papality	The papacy.
Papalize	To make papal.
Papalize	To conform to popery.
Papally	In a papal manner; popishly
Papalty	The papacy.
Papaphobia	Intense fear or dread of the pope, or of the Roman Catholic Church.
Paparchy	Government by a pope; papal rule.
Papaver	A genus of plants, including the poppy.
Papaveraceous	Of, pertaining to, or resembling, a natural order of plants (Papaveraceae) of which the poppy, the celandine, and the bloodroot are well-known examples.
Papaverine	An alkaloid found in opium. It has a weaker therapeutic action than morphine.
Papaverous	Of or pertaining to the poppy; of the nature of the poppy.
Papaw	A tree (Carica Papaya) of tropical America, belonging to the order Passifloreae. It has a soft, spongy stem, eighteen or twenty feet high, crowned with a tuft of large, long-stalked, palmately lobed leaves. The milky juice of the plant is said to have the property of making meat tender. Also, its dull orange-colored, melon-shaped fruit, which is eaten both raw and cooked or pickled.
Papaw	A tree of the genus Asimina (A. triloba), growing in the western and southern parts of the United States, and producing a sweet edible fruit; also, the fruit itself.
Papboat	A kind of sauce boat or dish.
Papboat	A large spiral East Indian marine shell (Turbinella rapha); -- so called because used by native priests to hold the oil for anointing.
Pape	A spiritual father; specifically, the pope.
Papejay	A popinjay.
Paper	A substance in the form of thin sheets or leaves intended to be written or printed on, or to be used in wrapping. It is made of rags, straw, bark, wood, or other fibrous material, which is first reduced to pulp, then molded, pressed, and dried.
Paper	A sheet, leaf, or piece of such substance.
Paper	A printed or written instrument; a document, essay, or the like; a writing; as, a paper read before a scientific society.
Paper	A printed sheet appearing periodically; a newspaper; a journal; as, a daily paper.
Paper	Negotiable evidences of indebtedness; notes; bills of exchange, and the like; as, the bank holds a large amount of his paper.
Paper	Decorated hangings or coverings for walls, made of paper. See Paper hangings, below.
Paper	A paper containing (usually) a definite quantity; as, a paper of pins, tacks, opium, etc.
Paper	A medicinal preparation spread upon paper, intended for external application; as, cantharides paper.
Paper	Of or pertaining to paper; made of paper; resembling paper; existing only on paper; unsubstantial; as, a paper box; a paper army.
Papered	of Paper
Papering	of Paper
Paper	To cover with paper; to furnish with paper hangings; as, to paper a room or a house.
Paper	To fold or inclose in paper.
Paper	To put on paper; to make a memorandum of.
Paperweight	See under Paper, n.
Papery	Like paper; having the thinness or consistence of paper.
Papescent	Containing or producing pap; like pap.
Papess	A female pope; i. e., the fictitious pope Joan.
Papeterie	A case or box containing paper and materials for writing.
Paphian	Of or pertaining to Paphos, an ancient city of Cyprus, having a celebrated temple of Venus; hence, pertaining to Venus, or her rites.
Paphian	A native or inhabitant of Paphos.
Papier-mache	A hard and strong substance made of a pulp from paper, mixed with sise or glue, etc. It is formed into various articles, usually by means of molds.
Papilio	A genus of butterflies.
Papilionaceous	Resembling the butterfly.
Papilionaceous	Having a winged corolla somewhat resembling a butterfly, as in the blossoms of the bean and pea.
Papilionaceous	Belonging to that suborder of leguminous plants (Papilionaceae) which includes the bean, pea, vetch, clover, and locust.
Papiliones	The division of Lepidoptera which includes the butterflies.
Papilionides	The typical butterflies.
Papillae	of Papilla
Papilla	Any minute nipplelike projection; as, the papillae of the tongue.
Papillar	Same as Papillose.
Papillary	Of, pertaining to, or resembling, a papilla or papillae; bearing, or covered with, papillae; papillose.
Papillate	To cover with papillae; to take the form of a papilla, or of papillae.
Papillate	Same as Papillose.
Papilliform	Shaped like a papilla; mammilliform.
Papillomata	of Papilloma
Papilloma	A tumor formed by hypertrophy of the papillae of the skin or mucous membrane, as a corn or a wart.
Papillomatous	Of, pertaining to, or consisting of, papillomata.
Papillose	Covered with, or bearing, papillae; resembling papillae; papillate; papillar; papillary.
Papillote	a small piece of paper on which women roll up their hair to make it curl; a curl paper.
Papillous	Papillary; papillose.
Papillulate	Having a minute papilla in the center of a larger elevation or depression.
Papion	A West African baboon (Cynocephalus sphinx), allied to the chacma. Its color is generally chestnut, varying in tint.
Papism	Popery; -- an offensive term.
Papist	A Roman catholic; one who adheres to the Church of Rome and the authority of the pope; -- an offensive designation applied to Roman Catholics by their opponents.
Papistic	Alt. of Papistical
Papistical	Of or pertaining to the Church of Rome and its doctrines and ceremonies; pertaining to popery; popish; -- used disparagingly.
Papistry	The doctrine and ceremonies of the Church of Rome; popery.
Papized	Conformed to popery.
Papoose	A babe or young child of Indian parentage in North America.
Pappiform	Resembling the pappus of composite plants.
Pappoose	Same as Papoose.
Pappose	Furnished with a pappus; downy.
Pappous	Pappose.
Pappus	The hairy or feathery appendage of the achenes of thistles, dandelions, and most other plants of the order Compositae; also, the scales, awns, or bristles which represent the calyx in other plants of the same order.
Pappy	Like pap; soft; succulent; tender.
Papuan	Of or pertaining to Papua.
Papuars	The native black race of Papua or New Guinea, and the adjacent islands.
Papulae	of Papula
Papula	A pimple; a small, usually conical, elevation of the cuticle, produced by congestion, accumulated secretion, or hypertrophy of tissue; a papule.
Papula	One of the numerous small hollow processes of the integument between the plates of starfishes.
Papular	Covered with papules.
Papular	Consisting of papules; characterized by the presence of papules; as, a papular eruption.
Papules	of Papule
Papule	Same as Papula.
Papulose	Having papulae; papillose; as, a papulose leaf.
Papulous	Covered with, or characterized by, papulae; papulose.
Papyraceous	Made of papyrus; of the consistency of paper; papery.
Papyrean	Of or pertaining to papyrus, or to paper; papyraceous.
Papyrine	Imitation parchment, made by soaking unsized paper in dilute sulphuric acid.
Papyrograph	An apparatus for multiplying writings, drawings, etc., in which a paper stencil, formed by writing or drawing with corrosive ink, is used. The word is also used of other means of multiplying copies of writings, drawings, etc. See Copygraph, Hectograph, Manifold.
Papyrography	The process of multiplying copies of writings, etc., by means of the papyrograph.
Papyri	of Papyrus
Papyrus	A tall rushlike plant (Cyperus Papyrus) of the Sedge family, formerly growing in Egypt, and now found in Abyssinia, Syria, Sicily, etc. The stem is triangular and about an inch thick.
Papyrus	The material upon which the ancient Egyptians wrote. It was formed by cutting the stem of the plant into thin longitudinal slices, which were gummed together and pressed.
Papyrus	A manuscript written on papyrus; esp., pl., written scrolls made of papyrus; as, the papyri of Egypt or Herculaneum.
Paque	See Pasch and Easter.
Par	See Parr.
Par	By; with; -- used frequently in Early English in phrases taken from the French, being sometimes written as a part of the word which it governs; as, par amour, or paramour; par cas, or parcase; par fay, or parfay.
Par	Equal value; equality of nominal and actual value; the value expressed on the face or in the words of a certificate of value, as a bond or other commercial paper.
Par	Equality of condition or circumstances.
Para-	A prefix signifying alongside of, beside, beyond, against, amiss; as parable, literally, a placing beside; paradox, that which is contrary to opinion; parachronism.
Para-	A prefix denoting: (a) Likeness, similarity, or connection, or that the substance resembles, but is distinct from, that to the name of which it is prefixed; as paraldehyde, paraconine, etc.; also, an isomeric modification. (b) Specifically: (Organ. Chem.) That two groups or radicals substituted in the benzene nucleus are opposite, or in the respective positions 1 and 4; 2 and 5; or 3 and 6, as paraxylene; paroxybenzoic acid. Cf. Ortho-, and Meta-. Also used adjectively.
Para	A piece of Turkish money, usually copper, the fortieth part of a piaster, or about one ninth of a cent.
Parabanic	Pertaining to, or designating, a nitrogenous acid which is obtained by the oxidation of uric acid, as a white crystalline substance (C3N2H2O3); -- also called oxalyl urea.
Parablast	A portion of the mesoblast (of peripheral origin) of the developing embryo, the cells of which are especially concerned in forming the first blood and blood vessels.
Parablastic	Of or pertaining to the parablast; as, the parablastic cells.
Parable	Procurable.
Parable	A comparison; a similitude; specifically, a short fictitious narrative of something which might really occur in life or nature, by means of which a moral is drawn; as, the parables of Christ.
Parable	To represent by parable.
Parabolas	of Parabola
Parabola	A kind of curve; one of the conic sections formed by the intersection of the surface of a cone with a plane parallel to one of its sides. It is a curve, any point of which is equally distant from a fixed point, called the focus, and a fixed straight line, called the directrix. See Focus.
Parabola	One of a group of curves defined by the equation y = axn where n is a positive whole number or a positive fraction. For the cubical parabola n = 3; for the semicubical parabola n = /. See under Cubical, and Semicubical. The parabolas have infinite branches, but no rectilineal asymptotes.
Parabole	Similitude; comparison.
Parabolic	Alt. of Parabolical
Parabolical	Of the nature of a parable; expressed by a parable or figure; allegorical; as, parabolical instruction.
Parabolical	Having the form or nature of a parabola; pertaining to, or resembling, a parabola; as, a parabolic curve.
Parabolical	Generated by the revolution of a parabola, or by a line that moves on a parabola as a directing curve; as, a parabolic conoid.
Parabolically	By way of parable; in a parabolic manner.
Parabolically	In the form of a parabola.
Paraboliform	Resembling a parabola in form.
Parabolism	The division of the terms of an equation by a known quantity that is involved in the first term.
Parabolist	A narrator of parables.
Paraboloid	The solid generated by the rotation of a parabola about its axis; any surface of the second order whose sections by planes parallel to a given line are parabolas.
Paraboloidal	Of, pertaining to, or resembling, a paraboloid.
Parabronchia	of Parabronchium
Parabronchium	One of the branches of an ectobronchium or entobronchium.
Paracelsian	Of, pertaining to, or in conformity with, the practice of Paracelsus, a Swiss physician of the 15th century.
Paracelsian	A follower of Paracelsus or his practice or teachings.
Paracelsist	A Paracelsian.
Paracentesis	The perforation of a cavity of the body with a trocar, aspirator, or other suitable instrument, for the evacuation of effused fluid, pus, or gas; tapping.
Paracentric	Alt. of Paracentrical
Paracentrical	Deviating from circularity; changing the distance from a center.
Parachordal	Situated on either side of the notochord; -- applied especially to the cartilaginous rudiments of the skull on each side of the anterior part of the notochord.
Parachordal	A parachordal cartilage.
Parachronism	An error in chronology, by which the date of an event is set later than the time of its occurrence.
Parachrose	Changing color by exposure
Parachute	A contrivance somewhat in the form of an umbrella, by means of which a descent may be made from a balloon, or any eminence.
Parachute	A web or fold of skin which extends between the legs of certain mammals, as the flying squirrels, colugo, and phalangister.
Paraclete	An advocate; one called to aid or support; hence, the Consoler, Comforter, or Intercessor; -- a term applied to the Holy Spirit.
Paraclose	See Parclose.
Paracmastic	Gradually decreasing; past the acme, or crisis, as a distemper.
Paraconic	Pertaining to, or designating, an organic acid obtained as a deliquescent white crystalline substance, and isomeric with itaconic, citraconic, and mesaconic acids.
Paraconine	A base resembling and isomeric with conine, and obtained as a colorless liquid from butyric aldehyde and ammonia.
Paracorolla	A secondary or inner corolla; a corona, as of the Narcissus.
Paracrostic	A poetical composition, in which the first verse contains, in order, the first letters of all the verses of the poem.
Paracyanogen	A polymeric modification of cyanogen, obtained as a brown or black amorphous residue by heating mercuric cyanide.
Paracymene	Same as Cymene.
Paradactyla	of Paradactylum
Paradactylum	The side of a toe or finger.
Parade	The ground where a military display is held, or where troops are drilled.
Parade	An assembly and orderly arrangement or display of troops, in full equipments, for inspection or evolutions before some superior officer; a review of troops. Parades are general, regimental, or private (troop, battery, or company), according to the force assembled.
Parade	Pompous show; formal display or exhibition.
Parade	That which is displayed; a show; a spectacle; an imposing procession; the movement of any body marshaled in military order; as, a parade of firemen.
Parade	Posture of defense; guard.
Parade	A public walk; a promenade.
Paraded	of Parade
Parading	of Parade
Parade	To exhibit in a showy or ostentatious manner; to show off.
Parade	To assemble and form; to marshal; to cause to maneuver or march ceremoniously; as, to parade troops.
Parade	To make an exhibition or spectacle of one's self, as by walking in a public place.
Parade	To assemble in military order for evolutions and inspection; to form or march, as in review.
Paradigm	An example; a model; a pattern.
Paradigm	An example of a conjugation or declension, showing a word in all its different forms of inflection.
Paradigm	An illustration, as by a parable or fable.
Paradigmatic	Alt. of Paradigmatical
Paradigmatical	Exemplary.
Paradigmatic	A writer of memoirs of religious persons, as examples of Christian excellence.
Paradigmatized	of Paradigmatize
Paradigmatizing	of Paradigmatize
Paradigmatize	To set forth as a model or example.
Paradisaic	Alt. of Paradisaical
Paradisaical	Of or pertaining to, or resembling, paradise; paradisiacal.
Paradisal	Paradisiacal.
Paradise	The garden of Eden, in which Adam and Eve were placed after their creation.
Paradise	The abode of sanctified souls after death.
Paradise	A place of bliss; a region of supreme felicity or delight; hence, a state of happiness.
Paradise	An open space within a monastery or adjoining a church, as the space within a cloister, the open court before a basilica, etc.
Paradise	A churchyard or cemetery.
Paradise	To affect or exalt with visions of felicity; to entrance; to bewitch.
Paradisean	Paradisiacal.
Paradised	Placed in paradise; enjoying delights as of paradise.
Paradisiac	Alt. of Paradisiacal
Paradisiacal	Of or pertaining to paradise; suitable to, or like, paradise.
Paradisial	Alt. of Paradisian
Paradisian	Paradisiacal.
Paradisic	Paradisiacal.
Paradisical	Paradisiacal.
Paradoses	of Parados
Parados	An intercepting mound, erected in any part of a fortification to protect the defenders from a rear or ricochet fire; a traverse.
Paradoxes	of Paradox
Paradox	A tenet or proposition contrary to received opinion; an assertion or sentiment seemingly contradictory, or opposed to common sense; that which in appearance or terms is absurd, but yet may be true in fact.
Paradoxal	Paradoxical.
Paradoxical	Of the nature of a paradox.
Paradoxical	Inclined to paradoxes, or to tenets or notions contrary to received opinions.
Paradoxer	Alt. of Paradoxist
Paradoxist	One who proposes a paradox.
Paradoxides	A genus of large trilobites characteristic of the primordial formations.
Paradoxology	The use of paradoxes.
Paradoxure	Any species of Paradoxurus, a genus of Asiatic viverrine mammals allied to the civet, as the musang, and the luwack or palm cat (Paradoxurus hermaphroditus). See Musang.
Paradoxy	A paradoxical statement; a paradox.
Paradoxy	The quality or state of being paradoxical.
Paraffin	Alt. of Paraffine
Paraffine	A white waxy substance, resembling spermaceti, tasteless and odorless, and obtained from coal tar, wood tar, petroleum, etc., by distillation. It is used as an illuminant and lubricant. It is very inert, not being acted upon by most of the strong chemical reagents. It was formerly regarded as a definite compound, but is now known to be a complex mixture of several higher hydrocarbons of the methane or marsh-gas series; hence, by extension, any substance, whether solid, liquid, or gaseous, of the same chemical series; thus coal gas and kerosene consist largely of paraffins.
Parage	Equality of condition, blood, or dignity; also, equality in the partition of an inheritance.
Parage	Equality of condition between persons holding unequal portions of a fee.
Parage	Kindred; family; birth.
Paragenesis	The science which treats of minerals with special reference to their origin.
Paragenic	Originating in the character of the germ, or at the first commencement of an individual; -- said of peculiarities of structure, character, etc.
Paraglobulin	An albuminous body in blood serum, belonging to the group of globulins. See Fibrinoplastin.
Paraglossae	of Paraglossa
Paraglossa	One of a pair of small appendages of the lingua or labium of certain insects. See Illust. under Hymenoptera.
Paragnath	Same as Paragnathus.
Paragnathous	Having both mandibles of equal length, the tips meeting, as in certain birds.
Paragnathi	of Paragnathus
Paragnathus	One of the two lobes which form the lower lip, or metastome, of Crustacea.
Paragnathus	One of the small, horny, toothlike jaws of certain annelids.
Paragoge	The addition of a letter or syllable to the end of a word, as withouten for without.
Paragoge	Coaptation.
Paragogic	Alt. of Paragogical
Paragogical	Of, pertaining to, or constituting, a paragoge; added to the end of, or serving to lengthen, a word.
Paragon	A companion; a match; an equal.
Paragon	Emulation; rivalry; competition.
Paragon	A model or pattern; a pattern of excellence or perfection; as, a paragon of beauty or eloquence.
Paragon	A size of type between great primer and double pica. See the Note under Type.
Paragon	To compare; to parallel; to put in rivalry or emulation with.
Paragon	To compare with; to equal; to rival.
Paragon	To serve as a model for; to surpass.
Paragon	To be equal; to hold comparison.
Paragonite	A kind of mica related to muscovite, but containing soda instead of potash. It is characteristic of the paragonite schist of the Alps.
Paragram	A pun.
Paragrammatist	A punster.
Paragrandine	An instrument to avert the occurrence of hailstorms. See Paragr/le.
Paragraph	Originally, a marginal mark or note, set in the margin to call attention to something in the text, e. g., a change of subject; now, the character /, commonly used in the text as a reference mark to a footnote, or to indicate the place of a division into sections.
Paragraph	A distinct part of a discourse or writing; any section or subdivision of a writing or chapter which relates to a particular point, whether consisting of one or many sentences. The division is sometimes noted by the mark /, but usually, by beginning the first sentence of the paragraph on a new line and at more than the usual distance from the margin.
Paragraph	A brief composition complete in one typographical section or paragraph; an item, remark, or quotation comprised in a few lines forming one paragraph; as, a column of news paragraphs; an editorial paragraph.
Paragraphed	of Paragraph
Paragraphing	of Paragraph
Paragraph	To divide into paragraphs; to mark with the character /.
Paragraph	To express in the compass of a paragraph; as, to paragraph an article.
Paragraph	To mention in a paragraph or paragraphs
Paragrapher	A writer of paragraphs; a paragraphist.
Paragraphic	Alt. of Paragraphical
Paragraphical	Pertaining to, or consisting of, a paragraph or paragraphs.
Paragraphist	A paragrapher.
Paragraphistical	Of or relating to a paragraphist.
Para grass	A valuable pasture grass (Panicum barbinode) introduced into the Southern United States from Brazil.
Paragrele	A lightning conductor erected, as in a vineyard, for drawing off the electricity in the atmosphere in order to prevent hailstorms.
Paraguayan	Of or pertaining to Paraguay.
Paraguayan	A native or inhabitant of Paraguay.
Paraguay tea	See Mate, the leaf of the Brazilian holly.
Parail	See Apparel.
Parakeet	Same as Parrakeet.
Paralactic	Designating an acid called paralactic acid. See Lactic acid, under Lactic.
Paralbumin	A proteidlike body found in the fluid from ovarian cysts and elsewhere. It is generally associated with a substance related to, if not identical with, glycogen.
Paraldehyde	A polymeric modification of aldehyde obtained as a white crystalline substance.
Paraleipsis	A pretended or apparent omission; a figure by which a speaker artfully pretends to pass by what he really mentions; as, for example, if an orator should say, "I do not speak of my adversary's scandalous venality and rapacity, his brutal conduct, his treachery and malice."
Paralepsis	See Paraleipsis.
Paralian	A dweller by the sea.
Paralipomenon	A title given in the Douay Bible to the Books of Chronicles.
Paralipsis	See Paraleipsis.
Parallactic	Alt. of Parallactical
Parallactical	Of or pertaining to a parallax.
Parallax	The apparent displacement, or difference of position, of an object, as seen from two different stations, or points of view.
Parallax	The apparent difference in position of a body (as the sun, or a star) as seen from some point on the earth's surface, and as seen from some other conventional point, as the earth's center or the sun.
Parallel	Extended in the same direction, and in all parts equally distant; as, parallel lines; parallel planes.
Parallel	Having the same direction or tendency; running side by side; being in accordance (with); tending to the same result; -- used with to and with.
Parallel	Continuing a resemblance through many particulars; applicable in all essential parts; like; similar; as, a parallel case; a parallel passage.
Parallel	A line which, throughout its whole extent, is equidistant from another line; a parallel line, a parallel plane, etc.
Parallel	Direction conformable to that of another line,
Parallel	Conformity continued through many particulars or in all essential points; resemblance; similarity.
Parallel	A comparison made; elaborate tracing of similarity; as, Johnson's parallel between Dryden and Pope.
Parallel	Anything equal to, or resembling, another in all essential particulars; a counterpart.
Parallel	One of the imaginary circles on the surface of the earth, parallel to the equator, marking the latitude; also, the corresponding line on a globe or map.
Parallel	One of a series of long trenches constructed before a besieged fortress, by the besieging force, as a cover for troops supporting the attacking batteries. They are roughly parallel to the line of outer defenses of the fortress.
Parallel	A character consisting of two parallel vertical lines (thus, ) used in the text to direct attention to a similarly marked note in the margin or at the foot of a page.
Paralleled	of Parallel
Paralleling	of Parallel
Parallel	To place or set so as to be parallel; to place so as to be parallel to, or to conform in direction with, something else.
Parallel	Fig.: To make to conform to something else in character, motive, aim, or the like.
Parallel	To equal; to match; to correspond to.
Parallel	To produce or adduce as a parallel.
Parallel	To be parallel; to correspond; to be like.
Parallelable	Capable of being paralleled, or equaled.
Parallelism	The quality or state of being parallel.
Parallelism	Resemblance; correspondence; similarity.
Parallelism	Similarity of construction or meaning of clauses placed side by side, especially clauses expressing the same sentiment with slight modifications, as is common in Hebrew poetry; e. g.: --//At her feet he bowed, he fell:/Where he bowed, there he fell down dead. Judg. v. 27.
Parallelistic	Of the nature of a parallelism; involving parallelism.
Parallelize	To render parallel.
Parallelless	Matchless.
Parallelly	In a parallel manner; with parallelism.
Parallelogram	A right-lined quadrilateral figure, whose opposite sides are parallel, and consequently equal; -- sometimes restricted in popular usage to a rectangle, or quadrilateral figure which is longer than it is broad, and with right angles.
Parallelogrammatic	Of or pertaining to a parallelogram; parallelogrammic.
Parallelogrammic	Alt. of Parallelogrammical
Parallelogrammical	Having the properties of a parallelogram.
Parallelopiped	A solid, the faces of which are six parallelograms, the opposite pairs being parallel, and equal to each other; a prism whose base is a parallelogram.
Parallelopipedon	A parallelopiped.
Paralogical	Containing paralogism; illogical.
Paralogism	A reasoning which is false in point of form, that is, which is contrary to logical rules or formulae; a formal fallacy, or pseudo-syllogism, in which the conclusion does not follow from the premises.
Paralogized	of Paralogize
Paralogizing	of Paralogize
Paralogize	To reason falsely; to draw conclusions not warranted by the premises.
Paralogy	False reasoning; paralogism.
Paralyse	Same as Paralyze.
Paralysis	Abolition of function, whether complete or partial; esp., the loss of the power of voluntary motion, with or without that of sensation, in any part of the body; palsy. See Hemiplegia, and Paraplegia. Also used figuratively.
Paralytic	Of or pertaining to paralysis; resembling paralysis.
Paralytic	Affected with paralysis, or palsy.
Paralytic	Inclined or tending to paralysis.
Paralytic	A person affected with paralysis.
Paralytical	See Paralytic.
Paralyzation	The act or process of paralyzing, or the state of being paralyzed.
Paralyzed	of Paralyze
Paralyzing	of Paralyze
Paralyze	To affect or strike with paralysis or palsy.
Paralyze	Fig.: To unnerve; to destroy or impair the energy of; to render ineffective; as, the occurrence paralyzed the community; despondency paralyzed his efforts.
Param	A white crystalline nitrogenous substance (C2H4N4); -- called also dicyandiamide.
Paramagnetic	Magnetic, as opposed to diamagnetic.
Paramagnetic	A paramagnetic substance.
Paramagnetism	Magnetism, as opposed to diamagnetism.
Paramaleic	Pertaining to, or designating, an acid obtained from malic acid, and now called fumaric acid.
Paramalic	Pertaining to, or designating, an organic acid metameric with malic acid.
Paramastoid	Situated beside, or near, the mastoid portion of the temporal bone; paroccipital; -- applied especially to a process of the skull in some animals.
Paramatta	A light fabric of cotton and worsted, resembling bombazine or merino.
Parament	Ornamental hangings, furniture, etc., as of a state apartment; rich and elegant robes worn by men of rank; -- chiefly in the plural.
Paramento	Ornament; decoration.
Paramere	One of the symmetrical halves of any one of the radii, or spheromeres, of a radiate animal, as a starfish.
Parameter	A term applied to some characteristic magnitude whose value, invariable as long as one and the same function, curve, surface, etc., is considered, serves to distinguish that function, curve, surface, etc., from others of the same kind or family.
Parameter	Specifically (Conic Sections), in the ellipse and hyperbola, a third proportional to any diameter and its conjugate, or in the parabola, to any abscissa and the corresponding ordinate.
Parameter	The ratio of the three crystallographic axes which determines the position of any plane; also, the fundamental axial ratio for a given species.
Parametritis	Inflammation of the cellular tissue in the vicinity of the uterus.
Paramiographer	A collector or writer of proverbs.
Paramitome	The fluid portion of the protoplasm of a cell.
Paramos	of Paramo
Paramo	A high, bleak plateau or district, with stunted trees, and cold, damp atmosphere, as in the Andes, in South America.
Paramorph	A kind of pseudomorph, in which there has been a change of physical characters without alteration of chemical composition, as the change of aragonite to calcite.
Paramorphism	The change of one mineral species to another, so as to involve a change in physical characters without alteration of chemical composition.
Paramorphous	Relating to paramorphism; exhibiting paramorphism.
Paramount	Having the highest rank or jurisdiction; superior to all others; chief; supreme; preeminent; as, a paramount duty.
Paramount	The highest or chief.
Paramountly	In a paramount manner.
Paramour	A lover, of either sex; a wooer or a mistress (formerly in a good sense, now only in a bad one); one who takes the place, without possessing the rights, of a husband or wife; -- used of a man or a woman.
Paramour	Love; gallantry.
Paramour	Alt. of Paramours
Paramours	By or with love, esp. the love of the sexes; -- sometimes written as two words.
Paramylum	A substance resembling starch, found in the green frothy scum formed on the surface of stagnant water.
Paranaphthalene	Anthracene; -- called also paranaphthaline.
Paranoia	Mental derangement; insanity.
Paranthracene	An inert isomeric modification of anthracene.
Paranucleus	Some as Nucleolus.
Para nut	The Brazil nut.
Paranymph	A friend of the bridegroom who went with him in his chariot to fetch home the bride.
Paranymph	The bridesmaid who conducted the bride to the bridegroom.
Paranymph	An ally; a supporter or abettor.
Paranymphal	Bridal; nuptial.
Parapectin	A gelatinous modification of pectin.
Parapegm	An engraved tablet, usually of brass, set up in a public place.
Parapeptone	An albuminous body formed in small quantity by the peptic digestion of proteids. It can be converted into peptone by pancreatic juice, but not by gastric juice.
Parapet	A low wall, especially one serving to protect the edge of a platform, roof, bridge, or the like.
Parapet	A wall, rampart, or elevation of earth, for covering soldiers from an enemy's fire; a breastwork. See Illust. of Casemate.
Parapetalous	Growing by the side of a petal, as a stamen.
Parapeted	Having a parapet.
Paraph	A flourish made with the pen at the end of a signature. In the Middle Ages, this formed a sort of rude safeguard against forgery.
Paraphed	of Paraph
Paraphing	of Paraph
Paraph	To add a paraph to; to sign, esp. with the initials.
Parapherna	The property of a woman which, on her marriage, was not made a part of her dower, but remained her own.
Paraphernal	Of or pertaining to paraphernalia; as, paraphernal property.
Paraphernalia	Something reserved to a wife, over and above her dower, being chiefly apparel and ornaments suited to her degree.
Paraphernalia	Appendages; ornaments; finery; equipments.
Paraphimosis	A condition in which the prepuce, after being retracted behind the glans penis, is constricted there, and can not be brought forward into place again.
Paraphosphoric	Pyrophosphoric.
Paraphragmata	of Paraphagma
Paraphagma	One of the outer divisions of an endosternite of Crustacea.
Paraphrase	A restatement of a text, passage, or work, expressing the meaning of the original in another form, generally for the sake of its clearer and fuller exposition; a setting forth the signification of a text in other and ampler terms; a free translation or rendering; -- opposed to metaphrase.
Paraphrased	of Paraphrase
Paraphrasing	of Paraphrase
Paraphrase	To express, interpret, or translate with latitude; to give the meaning of a passage in other language.
Paraphrase	To make a paraphrase.
Paraphraser	One who paraphrases.
Paraphrasian	A paraphraser.
Paraphrast	A paraphraser.
Paraphrastic	Alt. of Paraphrastical
Paraphrastical	Paraphrasing; of the nature of paraphrase; explaining, or translating in words more clear and ample than those of the author; not literal; free.
Paraphyses	of Paraphysis
Paraphysis	A minute jointed filament growing among the archegonia and antheridia of mosses, or with the spore cases, etc., of other flowerless plants.
Paraplegia	Alt. of Paraplegy
Paraplegy	Palsy of the lower half of the body on both sides, caused usually by disease of the spinal cord.
Parapleurae	of Parapleura
Parapleura	A chitinous piece between the metasternum and the pleuron of certain insects.
Parapodia	of Parapodium
Parapodium	One of the lateral appendages of an annelid; -- called also foot tubercle.
Parapophyses	of Parapophysis
Parapophysis	The ventral transverse, or capitular, process of a vertebra. See Vertebra.
Paraptera	of Parapterum
Parapterum	A special plate situated on the sides of the mesothorax and metathorax of certain insects.
Paraquet	Alt. of Paraquito
Paraquito	See Parrakeet.
Parasang	A Persian measure of length, which, according to Herodotus and Xenophon, was thirty stadia, or somewhat more than three and a half miles. The measure varied in different times and places, and, as now used, is estimated at from three and a half to four English miles.
Parascenia	of Parascenium
Parascenium	One of two apartments adjoining the stage, probably used as robing rooms.
Parasceve	Among the Jews, the evening before the Sabbath.
Parasceve	A preparation.
Paraschematic	Of or pertaining to a change from the right form, as in the formation of a word from another by a change of termination, gender, etc.
Paraselenae	of Paraselene
Paraselene	A mock moon; an image of the moon which sometimes appears at the point of intersection of two lunar halos.  Cf. Parhelion.
Parasita	An artificial group formerly made for parasitic insects, as lice, ticks, mites, etc.
Parasita	A division of copepod Crustacea, having a sucking mouth, as the lerneans. They are mostly parasites on fishes. Called also Siphonostomata.
Parasital	Of or pertaining to parasites; parasitic.
Parasite	One who frequents the tables of the rich, or who lives at another's expense, and earns his welcome by flattery; a hanger-on; a toady; a sycophant.
Parasite	A plant obtaining nourishment immediately from other plants to which it attaches itself, and whose juices it absorbs; -- sometimes, but erroneously, called epiphyte.
Parasite	A plant living on or within an animal, and supported at its expense, as many species of fungi of the genus Torrubia.
Parasite	An animal which lives during the whole or part of its existence on or in the body of some other animal, feeding upon its food, blood, or tissues, as lice, tapeworms, etc.
Parasite	An animal which steals the food of another, as the parasitic jager.
Parasite	An animal which habitually uses the nest of another, as the cowbird and the European cuckoo.
Parasitic	Alt. of Parasitical
Parasitical	Of the nature of a parasite; fawning for food or favors; sycophantic.
Parasitical	Of or pertaining to parasites; living on, or deriving nourishment from, some other living animal or plant. See Parasite, 2 & 3.
Parasiticide	Anything used to destroy parasites.
Parasitism	The state or behavior of a parasite; the act of a parasite.
Parasitism	The state of being parasitic.
Parasol	A kind of small umbrella used by women as a protection from the sun.
Parasol	To shade as with a parasol.
Parasolette	A small parasol.
Parasphenoid	Near the sphenoid bone; -- applied especially to a bone situated immediately beneath the sphenoid in the base of the skull in many animals.
Parasphenoid	The parasphenoid bone.
Parastichy	A secondary spiral in phyllotaxy, as one of the evident spirals in a pine cone.
Parasynaxis	An unlawful meeting.
Parasynthetic	Formed from a compound word.
Paratactic	Of pertaining to, or characterized by, parataxis.
Parataxis	The mere ranging of propositions one after another, without indicating their connection or interdependence; -- opposed to syntax.
Paratheses	of Parathesis
Parathesis	The placing of two or more nouns in the same case; apposition.
Parathesis	A parenthetical notice, usually of matter to be afterward expanded.
Parathesis	The matter contained within brackets.
Parathesis	A commendatory prayer.
Parathetic	Of or pertaining to parathesis.
Paratonnerre	A conductor of lightning; a lightning rod.
Paraunter	Peradventure. See Paraventure.
Parauque	A bird (Nyctidromus albicollis) ranging from Texas to South America. It is allied to the night hawk and goatsucker.
Paravail	At the bottom; lowest.
Paravant	Alt. of Paravant
Paravant	In front; publicly.
Paravant	Beforehand; first.
Paraventure	Peradventure; perchance.
Paraxanthin	A crystalline substance closely related to xanthin, present in small quantity in urine.
Paraxial	On either side of the axis of the skeleton.
Paraxylene	A hydrocarbon of the aromatic series obtained as a colorless liquid by the distillation of camphor with zinc chloride. It is one of the three metamers of xylene.  Cf. Metamer, and Xylene.
Parboiled	of Parboil
Parboiling	of Parboil
Parboil	To boil or cook thoroughly.
Parboil	To boil in part; to cook partially by boiling.
Parbreak	To throw out; to vomit.
Parbreak	Vomit.
Parbuckle	A kind of purchase for hoisting or lowering a cylindrical burden, as a cask. The middle of a long rope is made fast aloft, and both parts are looped around the object, which rests in the loops, and rolls in them as the ends are hauled up or payed out.
Parbuckle	A double sling made of a single rope, for slinging a cask, gun, etc.
Parbuckled	of Parbuckle
Parbuckling	of Parbuckle
Parbuckle	To hoist or lower by means of a parbuckle.
Parcae	The Fates. See Fate, 4.
Parcase	Perchance; by chance.
Parcel	A portion of anything taken separately; a fragment of a whole; a part.
Parcel	A part; a portion; a piece; as, a certain piece of land is part and parcel of another piece.
Parcel	An indiscriminate or indefinite number, measure, or quantity; a collection; a group.
Parcel	A number or quantity of things put up together; a bundle; a package; a packet.
Parceled	of Parcel
Parcelled	of Parcel
Parceling	of Parcel
Parcelling	of Parcel
Parcel	To divide and distribute by parts or portions; -- often with out or into.
Parcel	To add a parcel or item to; to itemize.
Parcel	To make up into a parcel; as, to parcel a customer's purchases; the machine parcels yarn, wool, etc.
Parcel	Part or half; in part; partially. Shak. [Sometimes hyphened with the word following.]
Parceling	The act of dividing and distributing in portions or parts.
Parceling	Long, narrow slips of canvas daubed with tar and wound about a rope like a bandage, before it is served; used, also, in mousing on the stayes, etc.
Parcel-mele	By parcels or parts.
Parcenary	The holding or occupation of an inheritable estate which descends from the ancestor to two or more persons; coheirship.
Parcener	A coheir, or one of two or more persons to whom an estate of inheritance descends jointly, and by whom it is held as one estate.
Parched	of Parch
Parching	of Parch
Parch	To burn the surface of; to scorch; to roast over the fire, as dry grain; as, to parch the skin; to parch corn.
Parch	To dry to extremity; to shrivel with heat; as, the mouth is parched from fever.
Parch	To become scorched or superficially burnt; to be very dry.
Parchedness	The state of being parched.
Parchesi	See Pachisi.
Parching	Scorching; burning; drying.
Parchment	The skin of a lamb, sheep, goat, young calf, or other animal, prepared for writing on. See Vellum.
Parchment	The envelope of the coffee grains, inside the pulp.
Parcity	Sparingless.
Parclose	A screen separating a chapel from the body of the church.
Pard	A leopard; a panther.
Pardale	A leopard.
Parde	Alt. of Pardie
Pardie	Certainly; surely; truly; verily; -- originally an oath.
Pardine	Spotted like a pard.
Pardo	A money of account in Goa, India, equivalent to about 2s. 6d. sterling. or 60 cts.
Pardon	The act of pardoning; forgiveness, as of an offender, or of an offense; release from penalty; remission of punishment; absolution.
Pardon	An official warrant of remission of penalty.
Pardon	The state of being forgiven.
Pardon	A release, by a sovereign, or officer having jurisdiction, from the penalties of an offense, being distinguished from amenesty, which is a general obliteration and canceling of a particular line of past offenses.
Pardoned	of Pardon
Pardoning	of Pardon
Pardon	To absolve from the consequences of a fault or the punishment of crime; to free from penalty; -- applied to the offender.
Pardon	To remit the penalty of; to suffer to pass without punishment; to forgive; -- applied to offenses.
Pardon	To refrain from exacting as a penalty.
Pardon	To give leave (of departure) to.
Pardonable	Admitting of pardon; not requiring the excution of penalty; venial; excusable; -- applied to the offense or to the offender; as, a pardonable fault, or culprit.
Pardonableness	The quality or state of being pardonable; as, the pardonableness of sin.
Pardonably	In a manner admitting of pardon; excusably.
Pardoner	One who pardons.
Pardoner	A seller of indulgences.
Pardoning	Relating to pardon; having or exercising the right to pardon; willing to pardon; merciful; as, the pardoning power; a pardoning God.
Pared	of Pare
Paring	of Pare
Pare	To cut off, or shave off, the superficial substance or extremities of; as, to pare an apple; to pare a horse's hoof.
Pare	To remove; to separate; to cut or shave, as the skin, ring, or outside part, from anything; -- followed by off or away; as; to pare off the ring of fruit; to pare away redundancies.
Pare	Fig.: To diminish the bulk of; to reduce; to lessen.
Paregoric	Mitigating; assuaging or soothing pain; as, paregoric elixir.
Paregoric	A medicine that mitigates pain; an anodyne; specifically, camphorated tincture of opium; -- called also paregoric elexir.
Parelcon	The addition of a syllable or particle to the end of a pronoun, verb, or adverb.
Parelectronomic	Of or relating to parelectronomy; as, the parelectronomic part of a muscle.
Parelectronomy	A condition of the muscles induced by exposure to severe cold, in which the electrical action of the muscle is reversed.
Parella	Alt. of Parelle
Parelle	A name for two kinds of dock (Rumex Patientia and R. Hydrolapathum).
Parelle	A kind of lichen (Lecanora parella) once used in dyeing and in the preparation of litmus.
Parembole	A kind of parenthesis.
Parement	See Parament.
Paremptosis	Same as Parembole.
Parenchyma	The soft celluar substance of the tissues of plants and animals, like the pulp of leaves, to soft tissue of glands, and the like.
Parenchymal	Of, pertaining to, or consisting of, parenchyma.
Parenchymatous	Alt. of Parenchymous
Parenchymous	Of, pertaining to, or connected with, the parenchyma of a tissue or an organ; as, parenchymatous degeneration.
Parenesis	Exhortation.
Parenetic	Alt. of Parenetioal
Parenetioal	Hortatory; encouraging; persuasive.
Parent	One who begets, or brings forth, offspring; a father or a mother.
Parent	That which produces; cause; source; author; begetter; as, idleness is the parent of vice.
Parentage	Descent from parents or ancestors; parents or ancestors considered with respect to their rank or character; extraction; birth; as, a man of noble parentage.
Parental	Of or pertaining to a parent or to parents; as, parental authority; parental obligations.
Parental	Becoming to, or characteristic of, parents; tender; affectionate; devoted; as, parental care.
Parentally	In a parental manner.
Parentation	Something done or said in honor of the dead; obsequies.
Parentele	Kinship; parentage.
Parentheses	of Parenthesis
Parenthesis	A word, phrase, or sentence, by way of comment or explanation, inserted in, or attached to, a sentence which would be grammatically complete without it. It is usually inclosed within curved lines (see def. 2 below), or dashes.
Parenthesis	One of the curved lines () which inclose a parenthetic word or phrase.
Parenthesize	To make a parenthesis of; to include within parenthetical marks.
Parenthetic	Alt. of Parenthetical
Parenthetical	Of the nature of a parenthesis; pertaining to, or expressed in, or as in, a parenthesis; as, a parenthetical clause; a parenthetic remark.
Parenthetical	Using or containing parentheses.
Parenthetically	In a parenthetical manner; by way of parenthesis; by parentheses.
Parenthood	The state of a parent; the office or character of a parent.
Parentticide	The act of one who kills one's own parent.
Parentticide	One who kills one's own parent; a parricide.
Parentless	Deprived of parents.
Parepididymis	A small body containing convoluted tubules, situated near the epididymis in man and some other animals, and supposed to be a remnant of the anterior part of the Wolffian body.
Parer	One who, or that which, pares; an instrument for paring.
Parergon	See Parergy.
Parergy	Something unimportant, incidental, or superfluous.
Paresis	Incomplete paralysis, affecting motion but not sensation.
Parethmoid	Near or beside the ethmoid bone or cartilage; -- applied especially to a pair of bones in the nasal region of some fishes, and to the ethmoturbinals in some higher animals.
Parethmoid	A parethmoid bone.
Paretic	Of or pertaining to paresis; affected with paresis.
Parfay	By my faith; verily.
Parfit	Perfect.
Parfitly	Perfectly.
Parforn	Alt. of Parfourn
Parfourn	To perform.
Pargasite	A dark green aluminous variety of amphibole, or hornblende.
Pargeboard	See Bargeboard.
Pargeted	of Parget
Pargeting	of Parget
Parget	To coat with parget; to plaster, as walls, or the interior of flues; as, to parget the outside of their houses.
Parget	To paint; to cover over.
Parget	To lay on plaster.
Parget	To paint, as the face.
Parget	Gypsum or plaster stone.
Parget	Plaster, as for lining the interior of flues, or for stuccowork.
Parget	Paint, especially for the face.
Pargeter	A plasterer.
Pargeting	Plasterwork; esp.: (a) A kind of decorative plasterwork in raised ornamental figures, formerly used for the internal and external decoration of houses. (b) In modern architecture, the plastering of the inside of flues, intended to give a smooth surface and help the draught.
Pargetory	Something made of, or covered with, parget, or plaster.
Parhelic	Of or pertaining to parhelia.
Parhelia	of Parhelion
Parhelion	A mock sun appearing in the form of a bright light, sometimes near the sun, and tinged with colors like the rainbow, and sometimes opposite to the sun. The latter is usually called an anthelion. Often several mock suns appear at the same time.  Cf. Paraselene.
Parhelium	See Parhelion.
Pari-	A combining form signifying equal; as, paridigitate, paripinnate.
Pariah	One of an aboriginal people of Southern India, regarded by the four castes of the Hindoos as of very low grade. They are usually the serfs of the Sudra agriculturalists. See Caste.
Pariah	An outcast; one despised by society.
Parial	See Pair royal, under Pair, n.
Parian	Of or pertaining to Paros, an island in the Aegean Sea noted for its excellent statuary marble; as, Parian marble.
Parian	A native or inhabitant of Paros.
Parian	A ceramic ware, resembling unglazed porcelain biscuit, of which are made statuettes, ornaments, etc.
Paridigitata	Same as Artiodactyla.
Parjdigitate	Having an evennumber of digits on the hands or the feet.
Parietes	of Paries
Paries	The triangular middle part of each segment of the shell of a barnacle.
Parietal	Of or pertaining to a wall; hence, pertaining to buildings or the care of them.
Parietal	Resident within the walls or buildings of a college.
Parietal	Of pertaining to the parietes.
Parietal	Of, pertaining to, or in the region of, the parietal bones, which form the upper and middle part of the cranium, between the frontals and occipitals.
Parietal	Attached to the main wall of the ovary, and not to the axis; -- said of a placenta.
Parietal	One of the parietal bones.
Parietal	One of the special scales, or plates, covering the back of the head in certain reptiles and fishes.
Parietary	See Parietal, 2.
Parietary	Any one of several species of Parietaria. See 1st Pellitory.
Parietes	The walls of a cavity or an organ; as, the abdominal parietes; the parietes of the cranium.
Parietes	The sides of an ovary or of a capsule.
Parietic	Pertaining to, or designating, an acid found in the lichen Parmelia parietina, and called also chrysophanic acid.
Parietine	A piece of a fallen wall; a ruin.
Parieto-	A combining form used to indicate connection with, or relation to, the parietal bones or the parietal segment of the skull; as, the parieto-mastoid suture.
Parigenin	A curdy white substance, obtained by the decomposition of parillin.
Parillin	A glucoside resembling saponin, found in the root of sarsaparilla, smilax, etc., and extracted as a bitter white crystalline substance; -- called also smilacin, sarsaparilla saponin, and sarsaparillin.
Paring	The act of cutting off the surface or extremites of anything.
Paring	That which is pared off.
Paripinnate	Pinnate with an equal number of leaflets on each side; having no odd leaflet at the end.
Paris	A plant common in Europe (Paris quadrifolia); herb Paris; truelove. It has been used as a narcotic.
Paris	The chief city of France.
Parish	That circuit of ground committed to the charge of one parson or vicar, or other minister having cure of souls therein.
Parish	The same district, constituting a civil jurisdiction, with its own officers and regulations, as respects the poor, taxes, etc.
Parish	An ecclesiastical society, usually not bounded by territorial limits, but composed of those persons who choose to unite under the charge of a particular priest, clergyman, or minister; also, loosely, the territory in which the members of a congregation live.
Parish	In Louisiana, a civil division corresponding to a county in other States.
Parish	Of or pertaining to a parish; parochial; as, a parish church; parish records; a parish priest; maintained by the parish; as, parish poor.
Parishen	A parishioner.
Parishional	Of or pertaining to a parish; parochial.
Parishioner	One who belongs to, or is connected with, a parish.
Parisian	A native or inhabitant of Paris, the capital of France.
Parisian	Of or pertaining to Paris.
Parisienne	A female native or resident of Paris.
Parisology	The use of equivocal or ambiguous words.
Parisyllabic	Alt. of Parisyllabical
Parisyllabical	Having the same number of syllables in all its inflections.
Paritor	An apparitor.
Paritory	Pellitory.
Parity	The quality or condition of being equal or equivalent; A like state or degree; equality; close correspondence; analogy; as, parity of reasoning.
Park	A piece of ground inclosed, and stored with beasts of the chase, which a man may have by prescription, or the king's grant.
Park	A tract of ground kept in its natural state, about or adjacent to a residence, as for the preservation of game, for walking, riding, or the like.
Park	A piece of ground, in or near a city or town, inclosed and kept for ornament and recreation; as, Hyde Park in London; Central Park in New York.
Park	A space occupied by the animals, wagons, pontoons, and materials of all kinds, as ammunition, ordnance stores, hospital stores, provisions, etc., when brought together; also, the objects themselves; as, a park of wagons; a park of artillery.
Park	A partially inclosed basin in which oysters are grown.
Parked	of Park
Parking	of Park
Park	To inclose in a park, or as in a park.
Park	To bring together in a park, or compact body; as, to park the artillery, the wagons, etc.
Parker	The keeper of a park.
Parkeria	A genus of large arenaceous fossil Foraminifera found in the Cretaceous rocks. The species are globular, or nearly so, and are of all sizes up to that of a tennis ball.
Parkesine	A compound, originally made from gun cotton and castor oil, but later from different materials, and used as a substitute for vulcanized India rubber and for ivory; -- called also xylotile.
Parkleaves	A European species of Saint John's-wort; the tutsan. See Tutsan.
Parlance	Conversation; discourse; talk; diction; phrase; as, in legal parlance; in common parlance.
Parlando	Alt. of Parlante
Parlante	Speaking; in a speaking or declamatory manner; to be sung or played in the style of a recitative.
Parle	To talk; to converse; to parley.
Parle	Conversation; talk; parley.
Parleys	of Parley
Parley	Mutual discourse or conversation; discussion; hence, an oral conference with an enemy, as with regard to a truce.
Parleyed	of Parley
Parleying	of Parley
Parley	To speak with another; to confer on some point of mutual concern; to discuss orally; hence, specifically, to confer orally with an enemy; to treat with him by words, as on an exchange of prisoners, an armistice, or terms of peace.
Parliament	A parleying; a discussion; a conference.
Parliament	A formal conference on public affairs; a general council; esp., an assembly of representatives of a nation or people having authority to make laws.
Parliament	The assembly of the three estates of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, viz., the lords spiritual, lords temporal, and the representatives of the commons, sitting in the House of Lords and the House of Commons, constituting the legislature, when summoned by the royal authority to consult on the affairs of the nation, and to enact and repeal laws.
Parliament	In France, before the Revolution of 1789, one of the several principal judicial courts.
Parliamental	Parliamentary.
Parliamentarian	Of or pertaining to Parliament.
Parliamentarian	One who adhered to the Parliament, in opposition to King Charles I.
Parliamentarian	One versed in the rules and usages of Parliament or similar deliberative assemblies; as, an accomplished parliamentarian.
Parliamentarily	In a parliamentary manner.
Parliamentary	Of or pertaining to Parliament; as, parliamentary authority.
Parliamentary	Enacted or done by Parliament; as, a parliamentary act.
Parliamentary	According to the rules and usages of Parliament or of deliberative bodies; as, a parliamentary motion.
Parlor	A room for business or social conversation, for the reception of guests, etc.
Parlor	The apartment in a monastery or nunnery where the inmates are permitted to meet and converse with each other, or with visitors and friends from without.
Parlor	In large private houses, a sitting room for the family and for familiar guests, -- a room for less formal uses than the drawing-room. Esp., in modern times, the dining room of a house having few apartments, as a London house, where the dining parlor is usually on the ground floor.
Parlor	Commonly, in the United States, a drawing-room, or the room where visitors are received and entertained.
Parlous	Attended with peril; dangerous; as, a parlous cough. 
Parlous	Venturesome; bold; mischievous; keen.
Parmesan	Of or pertaining to Parma in Italy.
Parnassia	A genus of herbs growing in wet places, and having white flowers; grass of Parnassus.
Parnassian	Of or pertaining to Parnassus.
Parnassian	Any one of numerous species of butterflies belonging to the genus Parnassius. They inhabit the mountains, both in the Old World and in America.
Parnassus	A mountain in Greece, sacred to Apollo and the Muses, and famous for a temple of Apollo and for the Castalian spring.
Paroccipital	Situated near or beside the occipital condyle or the occipital bone; paramastoid; -- applied especially to a process of the skull in some animals.
Parochial	Of or pertaining to a parish; restricted to a parish; as, parochial duties.
Parochialism	The quality or state of being parochial in form or nature; a system of management peculiar to parishes.
Parochiality	The state of being parochial.
Parochialize	To render parochial; to form into parishes.
Parochially	In a parochial manner; by the parish, or by parishes.
Parochian	Parochial.
Parochian	A parishioner.
Parodic	Alt. of Parodical
Parodical	Having the character of parody.
Parodist	One who writes a parody; one who parodies.
Parodies	of Parody
Parody	A writing in which the language or sentiment of an author is mimicked; especially, a kind of literary pleasantry, in which what is written on one subject is altered, and applied to another by way of burlesque; travesty.
Parody	A popular maxim, adage, or proverb.
Parodied	of Parody
Parodying	of Parody
Parody	To write a parody upon; to burlesque.
Paroket	See Paroquet.
Parol	A word; an oral utterance.
Parol	Oral declaration; word of mouth; also, a writing not under seal.
Parol	Given or done by word of mouth; oral; also, given by a writing not under seal; as, parol evidence.
Parole	A word; an oral utterance.
Parole	Word of promise; word of honor; plighted faith; especially (Mil.), promise, upon one's faith and honor, to fulfill stated conditions, as not to bear arms against one's captors, to return to custody, or the like.
Parole	A watchword given only to officers of guards; -- distinguished from countersign, which is given to all guards.
Parole	Oral declaration. See lst Parol, 2.
Parole	See 2d Parol.
Paroled	of Parole
Paroling	of Parole
Parole	To set at liberty on parole; as, to parole prisoners.
Paromology	A concession to an adversary in order to strengthen one's own argument.
Paronomasia	A play upon words; a figure by which the same word is used in different senses, or words similar in sound are set in opposition to each other, so as to give antithetical force to the sentence; punning.
Paronomastic	Alt. of Paronomastical
Paronomastical	Of or pertaining to paronomasia; consisting in a play upon words.
Paronomasy	Paronomasia.
Paronychia	A whitlow, or felon.
Paronym	A paronymous word.
Paronymous	Having the same derivation; allied radically; conjugate; -- said of certain words, as man, mankind, manhood, etc.
Paronymous	Having a similar sound, but different orthography and different meaning; -- said of certain words, as al/ and awl; hair and hare, etc.
Paronymy	The quality of being paronymous; also, the use of paronymous words.
Paroophoron	A small mass of tubules near the ovary in some animals, and corresponding with the parepididymis of the male.
Paroquet	Same as Parrakeet.
Parorchis	The part of the epididymis; or the corresponding part of the excretory duct of the testicle, which is derived from the Wolffian body.
Parosteal	Of or pertaining to parostosis; as, parosteal ossification.
Parostosis	Ossification which takes place in purely fibrous tracts; the formation of bone outside of the periosteum.
Parostotic	Pertaining to parostosis.
Parotic	On the side of the auditory capsule; near the external ear.
Parotid	Situated near the ear; -- applied especially to the salivary gland near the ear. 
Parotid	Of, pertaining to, or in the region of, the parotid gland.
Parotid	The parotid gland.
Parotitis	Inflammation of the parotid glands.
Parotoid	Resembling the parotid gland; -- applied especially to cutaneous glandular elevations above the ear in many toads and frogs.
Parotoid	A parotoid gland.
Parousia	The nativity of our Lord.
Parousia	The last day.
Parovarium	A group of tubules, a remnant of the Wolffian body, often found near the ovary or oviduct; the epoophoron.
Paroxysm	The fit, attack, or exacerbation, of a disease that occurs at intervals, or has decided remissions or intermissions.
Paroxysm	Any sudden and violent emotion; spasmodic passion or action; a convulsion; a fit.
Paroxysmal	Of the nature of a paroxysm; characterized or accompanied by paroxysms; as, a paroxysmal pain; paroxysmal temper.
Paroxytone	A word having an acute accent on the penultimate syllable.
Parquet	A body of seats on the floor of a music hall or theater nearest the orchestra; but commonly applied to the whole lower floor of a theater, from the orchestra to the dress circle; the pit.
Parquet	Same as Parquetry.
Parquetage	See Parquetry.
Parqueted	Formed in parquetry; inlaid with wood in small and differently colored figures.
Parquetry	A species of joinery or cabinet-work consisting of an inlay of geometric or other patterns, generally of different colors, -- used especially for floors.
Parquette	See Parquet.
Parr	A young salmon in the stage when it has dark transverse bands; -- called also samlet, skegger, and fingerling.
Parr	A young leveret.
Parrakeet	Alt. of Parakeet
Parakeet	Any one of numerous species of small parrots having a graduated tail, which is frequently very long; -- called also paroquet and paraquet.
Parral	Alt. of Parrel
Parrel	The rope or collar by which a yard or spar is held to the mast in such a way that it may be hoisted or lowered at pleasure.
Parrel	A chimney-piece.
Parraqua	A curassow of the genus Ortalida, allied to the guan.
Parrhesia	Boldness or freedom of speech.
Parricidal	Of or pertaining to parricide; guilty of parricide.
Parricide	Properly, one who murders one's own father; in a wider sense, one who murders one's father or mother or any ancestor.
Parricide	The act or crime of murdering one's own father or any ancestor.
Parricidious	Parricidal.
Parrock	A croft, or small field; a paddock.
Parrot	In a general sense, any bird of the order Psittaci.
Parrot	Any species of Psittacus, Chrysotis, Pionus, and other genera of the family Psittacidae, as distinguished from the parrakeets, macaws, and lories. They have a short rounded or even tail, and often a naked space on the cheeks. The gray parrot, or jako (P. erithacus) of Africa (see Jako), and the species of Amazon, or green, parrots (Chrysotis) of America, are examples. Many species, as cage birds, readily learn to imitate sounds, and to repeat words and phrases.
Parrot	To repeat by rote, as a parrot.
Parrot	To chatter like a parrot.
Parroter	One who simply repeats what he has heard.
Parrotry	Servile imitation or repetition.
Parrot's-bill	The glory pea. See under Glory.
Parried	of Parry
Parrying	of Parry
Parry	To ward off; to stop, or to turn aside; as, to parry a thrust, a blow, or anything that means or threatens harm.
Parry	To avoid; to shift or put off; to evade.
Parry	To ward off, evade, or turn aside something, as a blow, argument, etc.
Parries	of Parry
Parry	A warding off of a thrust or blow, as in sword and bayonet exercises or in boxing; hence, figuratively, a defensive movement in debate or other intellectual encounter.
Parsed	of Parse
Parsing	of Parse
Parse	To resolve into its elements, as a sentence, pointing out the several parts of speech, and their relation to each other by government or agreement; to analyze and describe grammatically.
Parsee	One of the adherents of the Zoroastrian or ancient Persian religion, descended from Persian refugees settled in India; a fire worshiper; a Gheber.
Parsee	The Iranian dialect of much of the religious literature of the Parsees.
Parseeism	The religion and customs of the Parsees.
Parser	One who parses.
Parsimonious	Exhibiting parsimony; sparing in expenditure of money; frugal to excess; penurious; niggardly; stingy.
Parsimony	Closeness or sparingness in the expenditure of money; -- generally in a bad sense; excessive frugality; niggardliness.
Parsley	An aromatic umbelliferous herb (Carum Petroselinum), having finely divided leaves which are used in cookery and as a garnish.
Parsnip	The aromatic and edible spindle-shaped root of the cultivated form of the Pastinaca sativa, a biennial umbelliferous plant which is very poisonous in its wild state; also, the plant itself.
Parson	A person who represents a parish in its ecclesiastical and corporate capacities; hence, the rector or incumbent of a parochial church, who has full possession of all the rights thereof, with the cure of souls.
Parson	Any clergyman having ecclesiastical preferment; one who is in orders, or is licensed to preach; a preacher.
Parsonage	A certain portion of lands, tithes, and offerings, for the maintenance of the parson of a parish.
Parsonage	The glebe and house, or the house only, owned by a parish or ecclesiastical society, and appropriated to the maintenance or use of the incumbent or settled pastor.
Parsonage	Money paid for the support of a parson.
Parsoned	Furnished with a parson.
Parsonic	Alt. of Parsonical
Parsonical	Of or pertaining to a parson; clerical.
Parsonish	Appropriate to, or like, a parson; -- used in disparagement.
Part	One of the portions, equal or unequal, into which anything is divided, or regarded as divided; something less than a whole; a number, quantity, mass, or the like, regarded as going to make up, with others, a larger number, quantity, mass, etc., whether actually separate or not; a piece; a fragment; a fraction; a division; a member; a constituent.
Part	An equal constituent portion; one of several or many like quantities, numbers, etc., into which anything is divided, or of which it is composed; proportional division or ingredient.
Part	A constituent portion of a living or spiritual whole; a member; an organ; an essential element.
Part	A constituent of character or capacity; quality; faculty; talent; -- usually in the plural with a collective sense.
Part	Quarter; region; district; -- usually in the plural.
Part	Such portion of any quantity, as when taken a certain number of times, will exactly make that quantity; as, 3 is a part of 12; -- the opposite of multiple. Also, a line or other element of a geometrical figure.
Part	That which belongs to one, or which is assumed by one, or which falls to one, in a division or apportionment; share; portion; lot; interest; concern; duty; office.
Part	One of the opposing parties or sides in a conflict or a controversy; a faction.
Part	A particular character in a drama or a play; an assumed personification; also, the language, actions, and influence of a character or an actor in a play; or, figuratively, in real life. See To act a part, under Act.
Part	One of the different melodies of a concerted composition, which heard in union compose its harmony; also, the music for each voice or instrument; as, the treble, tenor, or bass part; the violin part, etc.
Parted	of Part
Parting	of Part
Part	To divide; to separate into distinct parts; to break into two or more parts or pieces; to sever.
Part	To divide into shares; to divide and distribute; to allot; to apportion; to share.
Part	To separate or disunite; to cause to go apart; to remove from contact or contiguity; to sunder.
Part	Hence: To hold apart; to stand between; to intervene betwixt, as combatants.
Part	To separate by a process of extraction, elimination, or secretion; as, to part gold from silver.
Part	To leave; to quit.
Part	To be broken or divided into parts or pieces; to break; to become separated; to go asunder; as, rope parts; his hair parts in the middle.
Part	To go away; to depart; to take leave; to quit each other; hence, to die; -- often with from.
Part	To perform an act of parting; to relinquish a connection of any kind; -- followed by with or from.
Part	To have a part or share; to partake.
Part	Partly; in a measure.
Partable	See Partible.
Partage	Division; the act of dividing or sharing.
Partage	Part; portion; share.
Partook	of Partake
Partaken	of Partake
Partaking	of Partake
Partake	To take a part, portion, lot, or share, in common with others; to have a share or part; to participate; to share; as, to partake of a feast with others.
Partake	To have something of the properties, character, or office; -- usually followed by of.
Partake	To partake of; to have a part or share in; to share.
Partake	To admit to a share; to cause to participate; to give a part to.
Partake	To distribute; to communicate.
Partaker	One who partakes; a sharer; a participator.
Partaker	An accomplice; an associate; a partner.
Partan	An edible British crab.
Parted	Separated; devided.
Parted	Endowed with parts or abilities.
Parted	Cleft so that the divisions reach nearly, but not quite, to the midrib, or the base of the blade; -- said of a leaf, and used chiefly in composition; as, three-parted, five-parted, etc.
Parter	One who, or which, parts or separates.
Parterre	An ornamental and diversified arrangement of beds or plots, in which flowers are cultivated, with intervening spaces of gravel or turf for walking on.
Parterre	The pit of a theater; the parquet.
Partheniad	A poem in honor of a virgin.
Parthenic	Of or pertaining to the Spartan Partheniae, or sons of unmarried women.
Parthenogenesis	The production of new individuals from virgin females by means of ova which have the power of developing without the intervention of the male element; the production, without fertilization, of cells capable of germination. It is one of the phenomena of alternate generation.  Cf. Heterogamy, and Metagenesis.
Parthenogenesis	The production of seed without fertilization, believed to occur through the nonsexual formation of an embryo extraneous to the embrionic vesicle.
Parthenogenetic	Of, pertaining to, or produced by, parthenogenesis; as, parthenogenetic forms.
Parthenogenitive	Parthenogenetic.
Parthenogeny	Same as Parthenogenesis.
Parthenon	A celebrated marble temple of Athene, on the Acropolis at Athens. It was of the pure Doric order, and has had an important influence on art.
Partenope	One of the Sirens, who threw herself into the sea, in despair at not being able to beguile Ulysses by her songs.
Partenope	One of the asteroids between Mars and Jupiter, descovered by M. de Gasparis in 1850.
Parthian	Of or pertaining to ancient Parthia, in Asia.
Parthian	A native Parthia.
Partial	Of, pertaining to, or affecting, a part only; not general or universal; not total or entire; as, a partial eclipse of the moon.
Partial	Inclined to favor one party in a cause, or one side of a question, more then the other; baised; not indifferent; as, a judge should not be partial.
Partial	Having a predelection for; inclined to favor unreasonably; foolishly fond.
Partial	Pertaining to a subordinate portion; as, a compound umbel is made up of a several partial umbels; a leaflet is often supported by a partial petiole.
Partialism	Partiality; specifically (Theol.), the doctrine of the Partialists.
Partialist	One who is partial.
Partialist	One who holds that the atonement was made only for a part of mankind, that is, for the elect.
Partiality	The quality or state of being partial; inclination to favor one party, or one side of a question, more than the other; undue bias of mind.
Partiality	A predilection or inclination to one thing rather than to others; special taste or liking; as, a partiality for poetry or painting.
Partialize	To make or be partial.
Partially	In part; not totally; as, partially true; the sun partially eclipsed.
Partially	In a partial manner; with undue bias of mind; with unjust favor or dislike; as, to judge partially.
Partibility	The quality or state of being partible; divisibility; separability; as, the partibility of an inherttance.
Partible	Admitting of being parted; divisible; separable; susceptible of severance or partition; as, an estate of inheritance may be partible.
Participable	Capable of being participated or shared.
Participant	Sharing; participating; having a share of part.
Participant	A participator; a partaker.
Participantly	In a participant manner.
Participate	Acting in common; participating.
Participated	of Participate
Participating	of Participate
Participate	To have a share in common with others; to take a part; to partake; -- followed by in, formely by of; as, to participate in a debate.
Participate	To partake of; to share in; to receive a part of.
Participate	To impart, or give, or share of.
Participation	The act or state of participating, or sharing in common with others; as, a participation in joy or sorrows.
Participation	Distribution; division into shares.
Participation	community; fellowship; association.
Participative	Capable of participating.
Participator	One who participates, or shares with another; a partaker.
Participial	Having, or partaking of, the nature and use of a participle; formed from a participle; as, a participial noun.
Participial	A participial word.
Participialized	of Participialize
Participializing	of Participialize
Participialize	To form into, or put in the form of, a participle.
Participially	In the sense or manner of a participle.
Participle	A part of speech partaking of the nature both verb and adjective; a form of a verb, or verbal adjective, modifying a noun, but taking the adjuncts of the verb from which it is derived. In the sentences: a letter is written; being asleep he did not hear; exhausted by toil he will sleep soundly, -- written, being, and exhaustedare participles.
Participle	Anything that partakes of the nature of different things.
Particle	A minute part or portion of matter; a morsel; a little bit; an atom; a jot; as, a particle of sand, of wood, of dust.
Particle	Any very small portion or part; the smallest portion; as, he has not a particle of patriotism or virtue.
Particle	A crumb or little piece of concecrated host.
Particle	The smaller hosts distributed in the communion of the laity.
Particle	A subordinate word that is never inflected (a preposition, conjunction, interjection); or a word that can not be used except in compositions; as, ward in backward, ly in lovely.
Particolored	Same as Party-colored.
Particular	Relating to a part or portion of anything; concerning a part separated from the whole or from others of the class; separate; sole; single; individual; specific; as, the particular stars of a constellation.
Particular	Of or pertaining to a single person, class, or thing; belonging to one only; not general; not common; hence, personal; peculiar; singular.
Particular	Separate or distinct by reason of superiority; distinguished; important; noteworthy; unusual; special; as, he brought no particular news; she was the particular belle of the party.
Particular	Concerned with, or attentive to, details; minute; circumstantial; precise; as, a full and particular account of an accident; hence, nice; fastidious; as, a man particular in his dress.
Particular	Containing a part only; limited; as, a particular estate, or one precedent to an estate in remainder.
Particular	Holding a particular estate; as, a particular tenant.
Particular	Forming a part of a genus; relatively limited in extension; affirmed or denied of a part of a subject; as, a particular proposition; -- opposed to universal: e. g. (particular affirmative) Some men are wise; (particular negative) Some men are not wise.
Particular	A separate or distinct member of a class, or part of a whole; an individual fact, point, circumstance, detail, or item, which may be considered separately; as, the particulars of a story.
Particular	Special or personal peculiarity, trait, or character; individuality; interest, etc.
Particular	One of the details or items of grounds of claim; -- usually in the pl.; also, a bill of particulars; a minute account; as, a particular of premises.
Particularism	A minute description; a detailed statement.
Particularism	The doctrine of particular election.
Particularism	Devotion to the interests of one's own kingdom or province rather than to those of the empire.
Particularist	One who holds to particularism.
Particularities	of Particularity
Particularity	The state or quality of being particular; distinctiveness; circumstantiality; minuteness in detail.
Particularity	That which is particular
Particularity	Peculiar quality; individual characteristic; peculiarity.
Particularity	Special circumstance; minute detail; particular.
Particularity	Something of special or private concern or interest.
Particularization	The act of particularizing.
Particularized	of Particularize
Particularizing	of Particularize
Particularize	To give as a particular, or as the particulars; to mention particularly; to give the particulars of; to enumerate or specify in detail.
Particularize	To mention or attend to particulars; to give minute details; to be circumstantial; as, to particularize in a narrative.
Particularly	In a particular manner; expressly; with a specific reference or interest; in particular; distinctly.
Particularly	In an especial manner; in a high degree; as, a particularly fortunate man; a particularly bad failure.
Particularment	A particular; a detail.
Particulate	To particularize.
Particulate	Having the form of a particle.
Particulate	Referring to, or produced by, particles, such as dust, minute germs, etc.
Parting	Serving to part; dividing; separating.
Parting	Given when departing; as, a parting shot; a parting salute.
Parting	Departing.
Parting	Admitting of being parted; partible.
Parting	The act of parting or dividing; the state of being parted; division; separation.
Parting	A separation; a leave-taking.
Parting	A surface or line of separation where a division occurs.
Parting	The surface of the sand of one section of a mold where it meets that of another section.
Parting	The separation and determination of alloys; esp., the separation, as by acids, of gold from silver in the assay button.
Parting	A joint or fissure, as in a coal seam.
Parting	The breaking, as of a cable, by violence.
Parting	Lamellar separation in a crystallized mineral, due to some other cause than cleavage, as to the presence of twinning lamellae.
Partisan	An adherent to a party or faction; esp., one who is strongly and passionately devoted to a party or an interest.
Partisan	The commander of a body of detached light troops engaged in making forays and harassing an enemy.
Partisan	Any member of such a corps.
Partisan	Adherent to a party or faction; especially, having the character of blind, passionate, or unreasonable adherence to a party; as, blinded by partisan zeal.
Partisan	Serving as a partisan in a detached command; as, a partisan officer or corps.
Partisan	A kind of halberd or pike; also, a truncheon; a staff.
Partisanship	The state of being a partisan, or adherent to a party; feelings or conduct appropriate to a partisan.
Partita	A suite; a set of variations.
Partite	Divided nearly to the base; as, a partite leaf is a simple separated down nearly to the base.
Partition	The act of parting or dividing; the state of being parted; separation; division; distribution; as, the partition of a kingdom.
Partition	That which divides or separates; that by which different things, or distinct parts of the same thing, are separated; separating boundary; dividing line or space; specifically, an interior wall dividing one part or apartment of a house, an inclosure, or the like, from another; as, a brick partition; lath and plaster partitions.
Partition	A part divided off by walls; an apartment; a compartment.
Partition	The servance of common or undivided interests, particularly in real estate. It may be effected by consent of parties, or by compulsion of law.
Partition	A score.
Partitioned	of Partition
Partitioning	of Partition
Partition	To divide into parts or shares; to divide and distribute; as, to partition an estate among various heirs.
Partition	To divide into distinct parts by lines, walls, etc.; as, to partition a house.
Partitionment	The act of partitioning.
Partitive	Denoting a part; as, a partitive genitive.
Partitive	A word expressing partition, or denoting a part.
Partitively	In a partitive manner.
Partlet	A covering for the neck, and sometimes for the shoulders and breast; originally worn by both sexes, but laterby women alone; a ruff.
Partlet	A hen; -- so called from the ruffing of her neck feathers.
Partly	In part; in some measure of degree; not wholly.
Partner	One who has a part in anything with an other; a partaker; an associate; a sharer. "Partner of his fortune." Shak. Hence: (a) A husband or a wife. (b) Either one of a couple who dance together. (c) One who shares as a member of a partnership in the management, or in the gains and losses, of a business.
Partner	An associate in any business or occupation; a member of a partnership. See Partnership.
Partner	A framework of heavy timber surrounding an opening in a deck, to strengthen it for the support of a mast, pump, capstan, or the like.
Partner	To associate, to join.
Partnership	The state or condition of being a partner; as, to be in partnership with another; to have partnership in the fortunes of a family or a state.
Partnership	A division or sharing among partners; joint possession or interest.
Partnership	An alliance or association of persons for the prosecution of an undertaking or a business on joint account; a company; a firm; a house; as, to form a partnership.
Partnership	A contract between two or more competent persons for joining together their money, goods, labor, and skill, or any or all of them, under an understanding that there shall be a communion of profit between them, and for the purpose of carrying on a legal trade, business, or adventure.
Partnership	See Fellowship, n., 6.
Partook	imp. of Partake.
Partridge	Any one of numerous species of small gallinaceous birds of the genus Perdix and several related genera of the family Perdicidae, of the Old World. The partridge is noted as a game bird.
Partridge	Any one of several species of quail-like birds belonging to Colinus, and allied genera.
Partridge	The ruffed grouse (Bonasa umbellus).
Parture	Departure.
Parturiate	To bring forth young.
Parturiency	Parturition.
Parturient	Bringing forth, or about to bring forth, young; fruitful.
Parturifacient	A medicine tending to cause parturition, or to give relief in childbearing.
Parturious	Parturient.
Parturition	The act of bringing forth, or being delivered of, young; the act of giving birth; delivery; childbirth.
Parturition	That which is brought forth; a birth.
Parturitive	Pertaining to parturition; obstetric.
Parties	of Party
Party	A part or portion.
Party	A number of persons united in opinion or action, as distinguished from, or opposed to, the rest of a community or association; esp., one of the parts into which a people is divided on questions of public policy.
Party	A part of a larger body of company; a detachment; especially (Mil.), a small body of troops dispatched on special service.
Party	A number of persons invited to a social entertainment; a select company; as, a dinner party; also, the entertainment itself; as, to give a party.
Party	One concerned or interested in an affair; one who takes part with others; a participator; as, he was a party to the plot; a party to the contract.
Party	The plaintiff or the defendant in a lawsuit, whether an individual, a firm, or corporation; a litigant.
Party	Hence, any certain person who is regarded as being opposed or antagonistic to another.
Party	Cause; side; interest.
Party	A person; as, he is a queer party.
Party	Parted or divided, as in the direction or form of one of the ordinaries; as, an escutcheon party per pale.
Party	Partial; favoring one party.
Party	Partly.
Party-coated	Having a motley coat, or coat of divers colors.
Party-colored	Alt. of Parti-colored
Parti-colored	Colored with different tints; variegated; as, a party-colored flower.
Partyism	Devotion to party.
Parumbilical	Near the umbilicus; -- applied especially to one or more small veins which, in man, connect the portal vein with the epigastric veins in the front wall of the abdomen.
Parusia	A figure of speech by which the present tense is used instead of the past or the future, as in the animated narration of past, or in the prediction of future, events.
Parvanimity	The state or quality of having a little or ignoble mind; pettiness; meanness; -- opposed to magnanimity.
Parvenu	An upstart; a man newly risen into notice.
Parvis	Alt. of Parvise
Parvise	a court of entrance to, or an inclosed space before, a church; hence, a church porch; -- sometimes formerly used as place of meeting, as for lawyers.
Parvitude	Alt. of Parvity
Parvity	Littleness.
Parvolin	A nonoxygenous ptomaine, formed in the putrefaction of albuminous matters, especially of horseflesh and mackerel.
Parvoline	A liquid base, C/H/N, of the pyridine group, found in coal tar; also, any one of the series of isometric substances of which it is the type.
Pas	A pace; a step, as in a dance.
Pas	Right of going foremost; precedence.
Pasan	The gemsbok.
Pasch	Alt. of Pascha
Pascha	The passover; the feast of Easter.
Paschal	Of or pertaining to the passover, or to Easter; as, a paschal lamb; paschal eggs.
Paseng	The wild or bezoar goat. See Goat.
Pash	To strike; to crush; to smash; to dash in pieces.
Pash	The head; the poll.
Pash	A crushing blow.
Pash	A heavy fall of rain or snow.
Pasha	An honorary title given to officers of high rank in Turkey, as to governers of provinces, military commanders, etc. The earlier form was bashaw.
Pashalic	The jurisdiction of a pasha.
Pashaw	See Pasha.
Pasigraphic	Alt. of Pasigraphical
Pasigraphical	Of or pertaining to pasigraphy.
Pasigraphy	A system of universal writing, or a manner of writing that may be understood and used by all nations.
Pasilaly	A form of speech adapted to be used by all mankind; universal language.
Pask	See Pasch.
Paspy	A kind of minuet, in triple time, of French origin, popular in the reign of Queen Elizabeth and for some time after; -- called also passing measure, and passymeasure.
Pasque	See Pasch.
Pasquil	See Pasquin.
Pasquil	See Pasquin.
Pasquilant	A lampooner; a pasquiler.
Pasquiler	A lampooner.
Pasquin	A lampooner; also, a lampoon. See Pasquinade.
Pasquin	To lampoon; to satiraze.
Pasquinade	A lampoon or satirical writing.
Pasquinade	To lampoon, to satirize.
Passed	of Pass
Passing	of Pass
Pass	To go; to move; to proceed; to be moved or transferred from one point to another; to make a transit; -- usually with a following adverb or adverbal phrase defining the kind or manner of motion; as, to pass on, by, out, in, etc.; to pass swiftly, directly, smoothly, etc.; to pass to the rear, under the yoke, over the bridge, across the field, beyond the border, etc.
Pass	To move or be transferred from one state or condition to another; to change possession, condition, or circumstances; to undergo transition; as, the business has passed into other hands.
Pass	To move beyond the range of the senses or of knowledge; to pass away; hence, to disappear; to vanish; to depart; specifically, to depart from life; to die.
Pass	To move or to come into being or under notice; to come and go in consciousness; hence, to take place; to occur; to happen; to come; to occur progressively or in succession; to be present transitorily.
Pass	To go by or glide by, as time; to elapse; to be spent; as, their vacation passed pleasantly.
Pass	To go from one person to another; hence, to be given and taken freely; as, clipped coin will not pass; to obtain general acceptance; to be held or regarded; to circulate; to be current; -- followed by for before a word denoting value or estimation.
Pass	To advance through all the steps or stages necessary to validity or effectiveness; to be carried through a body that has power to sanction or reject; to receive legislative sanction; to be enacted; as, the resolution passed; the bill passed both houses of Congress.
Pass	To go through any inspection or test successfully; to be approved or accepted; as, he attempted the examination, but did not expect to pass.
Pass	To be suffered to go on; to be tolerated; hence, to continue; to live along.
Pass	To go unheeded or neglected; to proceed without hindrance or opposition; as, we let this act pass.
Pass	To go beyond bounds; to surpass; to be in excess.
Pass	To take heed; to care.
Pass	To go through the intestines.
Pass	To be conveyed or transferred by will, deed, or other instrument of conveyance; as, an estate passes by a certain clause in a deed.
Pass	To make a lunge or pass; to thrust.
Pass	To decline to take an optional action when it is one's turn, as to decline to bid, or to bet, or to play a card; in euchre, to decline to make the trump.
Pass	In football, hockey, etc., to make a pass; to transfer the ball, etc., to another player of one's own side.
Pass	To go by, beyond, over, through, or the like; to proceed from one side to the other of; as, to pass a house, a stream, a boundary, etc.
Pass	To go from one limit to the other of; to spend; to live through; to have experience of; to undergo; to suffer.
Pass	To go by without noticing; to omit attention to; to take no note of; to disregard.
Pass	To transcend; to surpass; to excel; to exceed.
Pass	To go successfully through, as an examination, trail, test, etc.; to obtain the formal sanction of, as a legislative body; as, he passed his examination; the bill passed the senate.
Pass	To cause to move or go; to send; to transfer from one person, place, or condition to another; to transmit; to deliver; to hand; to make over; as, the waiter passed bisquit and cheese; the torch was passed from hand to hand.
Pass	To cause to pass the lips; to utter; to pronounce; hence, to promise; to pledge; as, to pass sentence.
Pass	To cause to advance by stages of progress; to carry on with success through an ordeal, examination, or action; specifically, to give legal or official sanction to; to ratify; to enact; to approve as valid and just; as, he passed the bill through the committee; the senate passed the law.
Pass	To put in circulation; to give currency to; as, to pass counterfeit money.
Pass	To cause to obtain entrance, admission, or conveyance; as, to pass a person into a theater, or over a railroad.
Pass	To emit from the bowels; to evacuate.
Pass	To take a turn with (a line, gasket, etc.), as around a sail in furling, and make secure.
Pass	To make, as a thrust, punto, etc.
Pass	An opening, road, or track, available for passing; especially, one through or over some dangerous or otherwise impracticable barrier; a passageway; a defile; a ford; as, a mountain pass.
Pass	A thrust or push; an attempt to stab or strike an adversary.
Pass	A movement of the hand over or along anything; the manipulation of a mesmerist.
Pass	A single passage of a bar, rail, sheet, etc., between the rolls.
Pass	State of things; condition; predicament.
Pass	Permission or license to pass, or to go and come; a psssport; a ticket permitting free transit or admission; as, a railroad or theater pass; a military pass.
Pass	Fig.: a thrust; a sally of wit.
Pass	Estimation; character.
Pass	A part; a division.
Passable	Capable of being passed, traveled, navigated, traversed, penetrated, or the like; as, the roads are not passable; the stream is passablein boats.
Passable	Capable of being freely circulated or disseminated; acceptable; generally receivable; current.
Passable	Such as may be allowed to pass without serious objection; tolerable; admissable; moderate; mediocre.
Passableness	The quality of being passable.
Passably	Tolerably; moderately.
Passacaglia	Alt. of Passacaglio
Passacaglio	An old Italian or Spanish dance tune, in slow three-four measure, with divisions on a ground bass, resembling a chaconne.
Passade	Alt. of Passado
Passado	A pass or thrust.
Passado	A turn or course of a horse backward or forward on the same spot of ground.
Passage	The act of passing; transit from one place to another; movement from point to point; a going by, over, across, or through; as, the passage of a man or a carriage; the passage of a ship or a bird; the passage of light; the passage of fluids through the pores or channels of the body.
Passage	Transit by means of conveyance; journey, as by water, carriage, car, or the like; travel; right, liberty, or means, of passing; conveyance.
Passage	Price paid for the liberty to pass; fare; as, to pay one's passage.
Passage	Removal from life; decease; departure; death.
Passage	Way; road; path; channel or course through or by which one passes; way of exit or entrance; way of access or transit. Hence, a common avenue to various apartments in a building; a hall; a corridor.
Passage	A continuous course, process, or progress; a connected or continuous series; as, the passage of time.
Passage	A separate part of a course, process, or series; an occurrence; an incident; an act or deed.
Passage	A particular portion constituting a part of something continuous; esp., a portion of a book, speech, or musical composition; a paragraph; a clause.
Passage	Reception; currency.
Passage	A pass or en encounter; as, a passage at arms.
Passage	A movement or an evacuation of the bowels.
Passage	In parliamentary proceedings: (a) The course of a proposition (bill, resolution, etc.) through the several stages of consideration and action; as, during its passage through Congress the bill was amended in both Houses. (b) The advancement of a bill or other proposition from one stage to another by an affirmative vote; esp., the final affirmative action of the body upon a proposition; hence, adoption; enactment; as, the passage of the bill to its third reading was delayed.
Passager	A passenger; a bird or boat of passage.
Passageway	A way for passage; a hall. See Passage, 5.
Passant	Passing from one to another; in circulation; current.
Passant	Curs/ry, careless.
Passant	Surpassing; excelling.
Passant	Walking; -- said of any animal on an escutcheon, which is represented as walking with the dexter paw raised.
Passe	Alt. of Passee
Passee	Past; gone by; hence, past one's prime; worn; faded; as, a passee belle.
Passegarde	A ridge or projecting edge on a shoulder piece to turn the blow of a lance or other weapon from the joint of the armor.
Passement	Lace, gimp, braid etc., sewed on a garment.
Passementerie	Beaded embroidery for women's dresses.
Passenger	A passer or passer-by; a wayfarer.
Passenger	A traveler by some established conveyance, as a coach, steamboat, railroad train, etc.
Passe partout	That by which one can pass anywhere; a safe-conduct.
Passe partout	A master key; a latchkey.
Passe partout	A light picture frame or mat of cardboard, wood, or the like, usually put between the picture and the glass, and sometimes serving for several pictures.
Passer	One who passes; a passenger.
Passer-by	One who goes by; a passer.
Passeres	An order, or suborder, of birds, including more that half of all the known species. It embraces all singing birds (Oscines), together with many other small perching birds.
Passeriform	Like or belonging to the Passeres.
Passerine	Of or pertaining to the Passeres.
Passerine	One of the Passeres.
Passibility	The quality or state of being passible; aptness to feel or suffer; sensibility.
Passible	Susceptible of feeling or suffering, or of impressions from external agents.
Passibleness	Passibility.
Passiflora	A genus of plants, including the passion flower. It is the type of the order Passifloreae, which includes about nineteen genera and two hundred and fifty species.
Passim	Here and there; everywhere; as, this word occurs passim in the poem.
Passing	The act of one who, or that which, passes; the act of going by or away.
Passing	Relating to the act of passing or going; going by, beyond, through, or away; departing.
Passing	Exceeding; surpassing, eminent.
Passing	Exceedingly; excessively; surpassingly; as, passing fair; passing strange.
Passingly	Exceedingly.
Passion	A suffering or enduring of imposed or inflicted pain; any suffering or distress (as, a cardiac passion); specifically, the suffering of Christ between the time of the last supper and his death, esp. in the garden upon the cross.
Passion	The state of being acted upon; subjection to an external agent or influence; a passive condition; -- opposed to action.
Passion	Capacity of being affected by external agents; susceptibility of impressions from external agents.
Passion	The state of the mind when it is powerfully acted upon and influenced by something external to itself; the state of any particular faculty which, under such conditions, becomes extremely sensitive or uncontrollably excited; any emotion or sentiment (specifically, love or anger) in a state of abnormal or controlling activity; an extreme or inordinate desire; also, the capacity or susceptibility of being so affected; as, to be in a passion; the passions of love, hate, jealously, wrath, ambition, avarice, fear, etc.; a passion for war, or for drink; an orator should have passion as well as rhetorical skill.
Passion	Disorder of the mind; madness.
Passion	Passion week. See Passion week, below.
Passioned	of Passion
Passioning	of Passion
Passion	To give a passionate character to.
Passion	To suffer pain or sorrow; to experience a passion; to be extremely agitated.
Passional	Of or pertaining to passion or the passions; exciting, influenced by, or ministering to, the passions.
Passional	A passionary.
Passionary	A book in which are described the sufferings of saints and martyrs.
Passionate	Capable or susceptible of passion, or of different passions; easily moved, excited or agitated; specifically, easily moved to anger; irascible; quick-tempered; as, a passionate nature.
Passionate	Characterized by passion; expressing passion; ardent in feeling or desire; vehement; warm; as, a passionate friendship.
Passionate	Suffering; sorrowful.
Passionate	To affect with passion; to impassion.
Passionate	To express feelingly or sorrowfully.
Passionately	In a passionate manner; with strong feeling; ardently.
Passionately	Angrily; irascibly.
Passionateness	The state or quality of being passionate.
Passionist	A member of a religious order founded in Italy in 1737, and introduced into the United States in 1852. The members of the order unite the austerities of the Trappists with the activity and zeal of the Jesuits and Lazarists. Called also Barefooted Clerks of the Most Holy Cross.
Passionless	Void of passion; without anger or emotion; not easily excited; calm.
Passiontide	The last fortnight of Lent.
Passive	Not active, but acted upon; suffering or receiving impressions or influences; as, they were passive spectators, not actors in the scene.
Passive	Receiving or enduring without either active sympathy or active resistance; without emotion or excitement; patient; not opposing; unresisting; as, passive obedience; passive submission.
Passive	Inactive; inert; not showing strong affinity; as, red phosphorus is comparatively passive.
Passive	Designating certain morbid conditions, as hemorrhage or dropsy, characterized by relaxation of the vessels and tissues, with deficient vitality and lack of reaction in the affected tissues.
Passively	In a passive manner; inertly; unresistingly.
Passively	As a passive verb; in the passive voice.
Passiveness	The quality or state of being passive; unresisting submission.
Passivity	Passiveness; -- opposed to activity.
Passivity	The tendency of a body to remain in a given state, either of motion or rest, till disturbed by another body; inertia.
Passivity	The quality or condition of any substance which has no inclination to chemical activity; inactivity.
Pass-key	A key for opening more locks than one; a master key.
Passless	Having no pass; impassable.
Passmen	of Passman
Passman	One who passes for a degree, without honors. See Classman, 2.
Passover	A feast of the Jews, instituted to commemorate the sparing of the Hebrews in Egypt, when God, smiting the firstborn of the Egyptians, passed over the houses of the Israelites which were marked with the blood of a lamb.
Passover	The sacrifice offered at the feast of the passover; the paschal lamb.
Pass-parole	An order passed from front to rear by word of mouth.
Passport	Permission to pass; a document given by the competent officer of a state, permitting the person therein named to pass or travel from place to place, without molestation, by land or by water.
Passport	A document carried by neutral merchant vessels in time of war, to certify their nationality and protect them from belligerents; a sea letter.
Passport	A license granted in time of war for the removal of persons and effects from a hostile country; a safe-conduct.
Passport	Figuratively: Anything which secures advancement and general acceptance.
Passus	of Passus
Passuses	of Passus
Passus	A division or part; a canto; as, the passus of Piers Plowman. See 2d Fit.
Password	A word to be given before a person is allowed to pass; a watchword; a countersign.
Passymeasure	See Paspy.
Past	Of or pertaining to a former time or state; neither present nor future; gone by; elapsed; ended; spent; as, past troubles; past offences.
Past	A former time or state; a state of things gone by.
Past	Beyond, in position, or degree; further than; beyond the reach or influence of.
Past	Beyond, in time; after; as, past the hour.
Past	Above; exceeding; more than.
Past	By; beyond; as, he ran past.
Paste	A soft composition, as of flour moistened with water or milk, or of earth moistened to the consistence of dough, as in making potter's ware.
Paste	Specifically, in cookery, a dough prepared for the crust of pies and the like; pastry dough.
Paste	A kind of cement made of flour and water, starch and water, or the like, -- used for uniting paper or other substances, as in bookbinding, etc., -- also used in calico printing as a vehicle for mordant or color.
Paste	A highly refractive vitreous composition, variously colored, used in making imitations of precious stones or gems. See Strass.
Paste	A soft confection made of the inspissated juice of fruit, licorice, or the like, with sugar, etc.
Paste	The mineral substance in which other minerals are imbedded.
Pasted	of Paste
Pasting	of Paste
Paste	To unite with paste; to fasten or join by means of paste.
Pasteboard	A stiff thick kind of paper board, formed of several single sheets pasted one upon another, or of paper macerated and pressed into molds, etc.
Pasteboard	A board on which pastry dough is rolled; a molding board.
Pastel	A crayon made of a paste composed of a color ground with gum water.
Pastel	A plant affording a blue dye; the woad (Isatis tinctoria); also, the dye itself.
Paster	One who pastes; as, a paster in a government department.
Paster	A slip of paper, usually bearing a name, intended to be pasted by the voter, as a substitute, over another name on a printed ballot.
Pastern	The part of the foot of the horse, and allied animals, between the fetlock and the coffin joint. See Illust. of Horse.
Pastern	A shackle for horses while pasturing.
Pastern	A patten.
Pasteurism	A method of treatment, devised by Pasteur, for preventing certain diseases, as hydrophobia, by successive inoculations with an attenuated virus of gradually increasing strength.
Pasteurism	Pasteurization.
Pasteurization	A process devised by Pasteur for preventing or checking fermentation in fluids, such as wines, milk, etc., by exposure to a temperature of 140¡ F., thus destroying the vitality of the contained germs or ferments.
Pasteurize	To subject to pasteurization.
Pasteurize	To treat by pasteurism.
Pasticcio	A medley; an olio.
Pasticcio	A work of art imitating directly the work of another artist, or of more artists than one.
Pasticcio	A falsified work of art, as a vase or statue made up of parts of original works, with missing parts supplied.
Pastil	Alt. of Pastille
Pastille	A small cone or mass made of paste of gum, benzoin, cinnamon, and other aromatics, -- used for fumigating or scenting the air of a room.
Pastille	An aromatic or medicated lozenge; a troche.
Pastille	See Pastel, a crayon.
Pastime	That which amuses, and serves to make time pass agreeably; sport; amusement; diversion.
Pastime	To sport; to amuse one's self.
Pastor	A shepherd; one who has the care of flocks and herds.
Pastor	A guardian; a keeper; specifically (Eccl.), a minister having the charge of a church and parish.
Pastor	A species of starling (Pastor roseus), native of the plains of Western Asia and Eastern Europe.  Its head is crested and glossy greenish black, and its back is rosy. It feeds largely upon locusts.
Pastorage	The office, jurisdiction, or duty, of a pastor; pastorate.
Pastoral	Of or pertaining to shepherds; hence, relating to rural life and scenes; as, a pastoral life.
Pastoral	Relating to the care of souls, or to the pastor of a church; as, pastoral duties; a pastoral letter.
Pastoral	A poem describing the life and manners of shepherds; a poem in which the speakers assume the character of shepherds; an idyl; a bucolic.
Pastoral	A cantata relating to rural life; a composition for instruments characterized by simplicity and sweetness; a lyrical composition the subject of which is taken from rural life.
Pastoral	A letter of a pastor to his charge; specifically, a letter addressed by a bishop to his diocese; also (Prot. Epis. Ch.), a letter of the House of Bishops, to be read in each parish.
Pastorale	A composition in a soft, rural style, generally in 6-8 or 12-8 time.
Pastorale	A kind of dance; a kind of figure used in a dance.
Pastorally	In a pastoral or rural manner.
Pastorally	In the manner of a pastor.
Pastorate	The office, state, or jurisdiction of a pastor.
Pastorless	Having no pastor.
Pastorling	An insignificant pastor.
Pastorly	Appropriate to a pastor.
Pastorship	Pastorate.
Pastries	of Pastry
Pastry	The place where pastry is made.
Pastry	Articles of food made of paste, or having a crust made of paste, as pies, tarts, etc.
Pasturable	Fit for pasture.
Pasturage	Grazing ground; grass land used for pasturing; pasture.
Pasturage	Grass growing for feed; grazing.
Pasturage	The business of feeding or grazing cattle.
Pasture	Food; nourishment.
Pasture	Specifically: Grass growing for the food of cattle; the food of cattle taken by grazing.
Pasture	Grass land for cattle, horses, etc.; pasturage.
Pastured	of Pasture
Pasturing	of Pasture
Pasture	To feed, esp. to feed on growing grass; to supply grass as food for; as, the farmer pastures fifty oxen; the land will pasture forty cows.
Pasture	To feed on growing grass; to graze.
Pastureless	Destitute of pasture.
Pasturer	One who pastures; one who takes cattle to graze. See Agister.
Pasty	Like paste, as in color, softness, stickness.
Pasties	of Pasty
Pasty	A pie consisting usually of meat wholly surrounded with a crust made of a sheet of paste, and often baked without a dish; a meat pie.
Patted	of Pat
Patting	of Pat
Pat	To strike gently with the fingers or hand; to stroke lightly; to tap; as, to pat a dog.
Pat	A light, quik blow or stroke with the fingers or hand; a tap.
Pat	A small mass, as of butter, shaped by pats.
Pat	Exactly suitable; fit; convenient; timely.
Pat	In a pat manner.
Pataca	The Spanish dollar; -- called also patacoon.
Patache	A tender to a fleet, formerly used for conveying men, orders, or treasure.
Patacoon	See Pataca.
Patagia	of Patagium
Patagium	In bats, an expansion of the integument uniting the fore limb with the body and extending between the elongated fingers to form the wing; in birds, the similar fold of integument uniting the fore limb with the body.
Patagium	One of a pair of small vesicular organs situated at the bases of the anterior wings of lepidopterous insects. See Illust. of Butterfly.
Patagonian	Of or pertaining to Patagonia.
Patagonian	A native of Patagonia.
Patamar	A vessel resembling a grab, used in the coasting trade of Bombay and Ceylon.
Patas	A West African long-tailed monkey (Cercopithecus ruber); the red monkey.
Patavinity	The use of local or provincial words, as in the peculiar style or diction of Livy, the Roman historian; -- so called from Patavium, now Padua, the place of Livy's nativity.
Patch	A piece of cloth, or other suitable material, sewed or otherwise fixed upon a garment to repair or strengthen it, esp. upon an old garment to cover a hole.
Patch	A small piece of anything used to repair a breach; as, a patch on a kettle, a roof, etc.
Patch	A small piece of black silk stuck on the face, or neck, to hide a defect, or to heighten beauty.
Patch	A piece of greased cloth or leather used as wrapping for a rifle ball, to make it fit the bore.
Patch	Fig.: Anything regarded as a patch; a small piece of ground; a tract; a plot; as, scattered patches of trees or growing corn.
Patch	A block on the muzzle of a gun, to do away with the effect of dispart, in sighting.
Patch	A paltry fellow; a rogue; a ninny; a fool.
Patched	of Patch
Patching	of Patch
Patch	To mend by sewing on a piece or pieces of cloth, leather, or the like; as, to patch a coat.
Patch	To mend with pieces; to repair with pieces festened on; to repair clumsily; as, to patch the roof of a house.
Patch	To adorn, as the face, with a patch or patches.
Patch	To make of pieces or patches; to repair as with patches; to arrange in a hasty or clumsy manner; -- generally with up; as, to patch up a truce.
Patcher	One who patches or botches.
Patchery	Botchery; covering of defects; bungling; hypocrisy.
Patchingly	Knavishy; deceitfully.
Patchouli	Alt. of Patchouly
Patchouly	A mintlike plant (Pogostemon Patchouli) of the East Indies, yielding an essential oil from which a highly valued perfume is made.
Patchouly	The perfume made from this plant.
Patchwork	Work composed of pieces sewed together, esp. pieces of various colors and figures; hence, anything put together of incongruous or ill-adapted parts; something irregularly clumsily composed; a thing putched up.
Patchy	Full of, or covered with, patches; abounding in patches.
Pate	See Patte.
Pate	A pie. See Patty.
Pate	A kind of platform with a parapet, usually of an oval form, and generally erected in marshy grounds to cover a gate of a fortified place.
Pate	The head of a person; the top, or crown, of the head.
Pate	The skin of a calf's head.
Pated	Having a pate; -- used only in composition; as, long-pated; shallow-pated.
Patee	See Pattee.
Patefaction	The act of opening, disclosing, or manifesting; open declaration.
Patela	A large flat-bottomed trading boat peculiar to the river Ganges; -- called also puteli.
Patellae	of Patella
Patella	A small dish, pan, or vase.
Patella	The kneepan; the cap of the knee.
Patella	A genus of marine gastropods, including many species of limpets. The shell has the form of a flattened cone. The common European limpet (Patella vulgata) is largely used for food.
Patella	A kind of apothecium in lichens, which is orbicular, flat, and sessile, and has a special rim not a part of the thallus.
Patellar	Of or pertaining to the patella, or kneepan.
Patelliform	Having the form of a patella.
Patelliform	Resembling a limpet of the genus Patella.
Patellulae	of Patellula
Patellula	A cuplike sucker on the feet of certain insects.
Paten	A plate.
Paten	The place on which the consecrated bread is placed in the Eucharist, or on which the host is placed during the Mass. It is usually small, and formed as to fit the chalice, or cup, as a cover.
Patena	A paten.
Patena	A grassy expanse in the hill region of Ceylon.
Patency	The condition of being open, enlarged, or spread.
Patency	The state of being patent or evident.
Patent	Open; expanded; evident; apparent; unconcealed; manifest; public; conspicuous.
Patent	Open to public perusal; -- said of a document conferring some right or privilege; as, letters patent. See Letters patent, under 3d Letter.
Patent	Appropriated or protected by letters patent; secured by official authority to the exclusive possession, control, and disposal of some person or party; patented; as, a patent right; patent medicines.
Patent	Spreading; forming a nearly right angle with the steam or branch; as, a patent leaf.
Patent	A letter patent, or letters patent; an official document, issued by a sovereign power, conferring a right or privilege on some person or party.
Patent	A writing securing to an invention.
Patent	A document making a grant and conveyance of public lands.
Patent	The right or privilege conferred by such a document; hence, figuratively, a right, privilege, or license of the nature of a patent.
Patented	of Patent
Patenting	of Patent
Patent	To grant by patent; to make the subject of a patent; to secure or protect by patent; as, to patent an invention; to patent public lands.
Patentable	Suitable to be patented; capable of being patented.
Patentee	One to whom a grant is made, or a privilege secured, by patent.
Patent-hammered	Having a surface dressed by cutting with a hammer the head of which consists of broad thin chisels clamped together.
Patently	Openly; evidently.
Paterae	of Patera
Patera	A saucerlike vessel of earthenware or metal, used by the Greeks and Romans in libations and sacrificies.
Patera	A circular ornament, resembling a dish, often worked in relief on friezes, and the like.
Paterero	See Pederero.
Pateresfamilias	of Paterfamilias
Paterfamilias	The head of a family; in a large sense, the proprietor of an estate; one who is his own master.
Paternal	Of or pertaining to a father; fatherly; showing the disposition of a father; guiding or instructing as a father; as, paternal care.
Paternal	Received or derived from a father; hereditary; as, a paternal estate.
Paternalism	The theory or practice of paternal government. See Paternal government, under Paternal.
Paternally	In a paternal manner.
Paternity	The relation of a father to his child; fathership; fatherhood; family headship; as, the divine paternity.
Paternity	Derivation or descent from a father; male parentage; as, the paternity of a child.
Paternity	Origin; authorship.
Paternoster	The Lord's prayer, so called from the first two words of the Latin version.
Paternoster	A beadlike ornament in moldings.
Paternoster	A line with a row of hooks and bead/shaped sinkers.
Paths	of Path
Path	A trodden way; a footway.
Path	A way, course, or track, in which anything moves or has moved; route; passage; an established way; as, the path of a meteor, of a caravan, of a storm, of a pestilence. Also used figuratively, of a course of life or action.
Pathed	of Path
Pathing	of Path
Path	To make a path in, or on (something), or for (some one).
Path	To walk or go.
Pathematic	Of, pertaining to, or designating, emotion or suffering.
Pathetic	Expressing or showing anger; passionate.
Pathetic	Affecting or moving the tender emotions, esp. pity or grief; full of pathos; as, a pathetic song or story.
Pathetical	Pathetic.
Pathetism	See Mesmerism.
Pathfinder	One who discovers a way or path; one who explores untraversed regions.
Pathic	A male who submits to the crime against nature; a catamite.
Pathic	Passive; suffering.
Pathless	Having no beaten path or way; untrodden; impenetrable; as, pathless woods.
Pathmaker	One who, or that which, makes a way or path.
Pathogene	One of a class of virulent microorganisms or bacteria found in the tissues and fluids in infectious diseases, and supposed to be the cause of the disease; a pathogenic organism; a pathogenic bacterium; -- opposed to zymogene.
Pathogenesis	Pathogeny.
Pathogenetic	Pathogenic.
Pathogenic	Of or pertaining to pathogeny; producting disease; as, a pathogenic organism; a pathogenic bacterium.
Pathogeny	The generation, and method of development, of disease; as, the pathogeny of yellow fever is unsettled.
Pathogeny	That branch of pathology which treats of the generation and development of disease.
Pathognomonic	Specially or decisively characteristic of a disease; indicating with certainty a disease; as, a pathognomonic symptom.
Pathognomy	Expression of the passions; the science of the signs by which human passions are indicated.
Pathologic	Alt. of Pathological
Pathological	Of or pertaining to pathology.
Pathologist	One skilled in pathology; an investigator in pathology; as, the pathologist of a hospital, whose duty it is to determine the causes of the diseases.
Pathologies	of Pathology
Pathology	The science which treats of diseases, their nature, causes, progress, symptoms, etc.
-ias	of Pathopoela
Pathopoela	A speech, or figure of speech, designed to move the passion.
Pathos	That quality or property of anything which touches the feelings or excites emotions and passions, esp., that which awakens tender emotions, such as pity, sorrow, and the like; contagious warmth of feeling, action, or expression; pathetic quality; as, the pathos of a picture, of a poem, or of a cry.
Pathway	A footpath; a beaten track; any path or course. Also used figuratively.
Patible	Sufferable; tolerable; endurable.
Patibulary	Of or pertaining to the gallows, or to execution.
Patibulated	Hanged on a gallows.
Patience	The state or quality of being patient; the power of suffering with fortitude; uncomplaining endurance of evils or wrongs, as toil, pain, poverty, insult, oppression, calamity, etc.
Patience	The act or power of calmly or contentedly waiting for something due or hoped for; forbearance.
Patience	Constancy in labor or application; perseverance.
Patience	Sufferance; permission.
Patience	A kind of dock (Rumex Patientia), less common in America than in Europe; monk's rhubarb.
Patience	Solitaire.
Patient	Having the quality of enduring; physically able to suffer or bear.
Patient	Undergoing pains, trails, or the like, without murmuring or fretfulness; bearing up with equanimity against trouble; long-suffering.
Patient	Constant in pursuit or exertion; persevering; calmly diligent; as, patient endeavor.
Patient	Expectant with calmness, or without discontent; not hasty; not overeager; composed.
Patient	Forbearing; long-suffering.
Patient	ONe who, or that which, is passively affected; a passive recipient.
Patient	A person under medical or surgical treatment; -- correlative to physician or nurse.
Patient	To compose, to calm.
Patiently	In a patient manner.
Patin	Alt. of Patine
Patine	A plate. See Paten.
Patina	A dish or plate of metal or earthenware; a patella.
Patina	The color or incrustation which age gives to works of art; especially, the green rust which covers ancient bronzes, coins, and medals.
Patio	A paved yard or floor where ores are cleaned and sorted, or where ore, salt, mercury, etc., are trampled by horses, to effect intermixture and amalgamation.
Patly	Fitly; seasonably.
Patness	Fitness or appropriateness; striking suitableness; convenience.
Patois	A dialect peculiar to the illiterate classes; a provincial form of speech.
Patonce	Having the arms growing broader and floriated toward the end; -- said of a cross. See Illust. 9 of Cross.
Patrial	Derived from the name of a country, and designating an inhabitant of the country; gentile; -- said of a noun.
Patrial	A patrial noun. Thus Romanus, a Roman, and Troas, a woman of Troy, are patrial nouns, or patrials.
Patriarch	The father and ruler of a family; one who governs his family or descendants by paternal right; -- usually applied to heads of families in ancient history, especially in Biblical and Jewish history to those who lived before the time of Moses.
Patriarch	A dignitary superior to the order of archbishops; as, the patriarch of Constantinople, of Alexandria, or of Antioch.
Patriarch	A venerable old man; an elder. Also used figuratively.
Patriarchal	Of or pertaining to a patriarch or to patriarchs; possessed by, or subject to, patriarchs; as, patriarchal authority or jurisdiction; a patriarchal see; a patriarchal church.
Patriarchal	Characteristic of a patriarch; venerable.
Patriarchal	Having an organization of society and government in which the head of the family exercises authority over all its generations.
Patriarchate	The office, dignity, or jurisdiction of a patriarch.
Patriarchate	The residence of an ecclesiastic patriarch.
Patriarchate	A patriarchal form of government or society. See Patriarchal, a., 3.
Patriarchdom	The office or jurisdiction of a patriarch; patriarchate.
Patriarchic	Patriarchal.
Patriarchism	Government by a patriarch, or the head of a family.
Patriarchship	A patriarchate.
Patriarchy	The jurisdiction of a patriarch; patriarchship.
Patriarchy	Government by a patriarch; patriarchism.
Patrician	Of or pertaining to the Roman patres (fathers) or senators, or patricians.
Patrician	Of, pertaining to, or appropriate to, a person of high birth; noble; not plebeian.
Patrician	Originally, a member of any of the families constituting the populus Romanus, or body of Roman citizens, before the development of the plebeian order; later, one who, by right of birth or by special privilege conferred, belonged to the nobility.
Patrician	A person of high birth; a nobleman.
Patrician	One familiar with the works of the Christian Fathers; one versed in patristic lore.
Patricianism	The rank or character of patricians.
Patriciate	The patrician class; the aristocracy; also, the office of patriarch.
Patricidal	Of or pertaining to patricide; parricidal.
Patricide	The murderer of his father.
Patricide	The crime of one who murders his father. Same as Parricide.
Patrimonial	Of or pertaining to a patrimony; inherited from ancestors; as, a patrimonial estate.
Patrimonially	By inheritance.
Patrimonies	of Patrimony
Patrimony	A right or estate inherited from one's father; or, in a larger sense, from any ancestor.
Patrimony	Formerly, a church estate or endowment.
Patriot	One who loves his country, and zealously supports its authority and interests.
Patriot	Becoming to a patriot; patriotic.
Patriotic	Inspired by patriotism; actuated by love of one's country; zealously and unselfishly devoted to the service of one's country; as, a patriotic statesman, vigilance.
Patriotical	Patriotic; that pertains to a patriot.
Patriotism	Love of country; devotion to the welfare of one's country; the virtues and actions of a patriot; the passion which inspires one to serve one's country.
Patripassian	One of a body of believers in the early church who denied the independent preexistent personality of Christ, and who, accordingly, held that the Father suffered in the Son; a monarchian.
Patrist	One versed in patristics.
Patristic	Alt. of Patristical
Patristical	Of or pertaining to the Fathers of the Christian church.
Patristics	That departnent of historical theology which treats of the lives and doctrines of the Fathers of the church.
Patrizate	To imitate one's father.
Patrocinate	To support; to patronize.
Patrocination	The act of patrocinating or patronizing.
Patrociny	See Patrocination.
Patrolled	of Patrol
Patrolling	of Patrol
Patrol	To go the rounds along a chain of sentinels; to traverse a police district or beat.
Patrol	t To go the rounds of, as a sentry, guard, or policeman; as, to patrol a frontier; to patrol a beat.
Patrol	A going of the rounds along the chain of sentinels and between the posts, by a guard, usually consisting of three or four men, to insure greater security from attacks on the outposts.
Patrol	A movement, by a small body of troops beyond the line of outposts, to explore the country and gain intelligence of the enemy's whereabouts.
Patrol	The guard or men who go the rounds for observation; a detachment whose duty it is to patrol.
Patrol	Any perambulation of a particular line or district to guard it; also, the men thus guarding; as, a customs patrol; a fire patrol.
Patrole	See Patrol, n. & v.
Patrolmen	of Patrolman
Patrolman	One who patrols; a watchman; especially, a policeman who patrols a particular precinct of a town or city.
Patron	One who protects, supports, or countenances; a defender.
Patron	A master who had freed his slave, but still retained some paternal rights over him.
Patron	A man of distinction under whose protection another person placed himself.
Patron	An advocate or pleader.
Patron	One who encourages or helps a person, a cause, or a work; a furtherer; a promoter; as, a patron of art.
Patron	One who has gift and disposition of a benefice.
Patron	A guardian saint. -- called also patron saint.
Patron	See Padrone, 2.
Patron	To be a patron of; to patronize; to favor.
Patron	Doing the duty of a patron; giving aid or protection; tutelary.
Patronage	Special countenance or support; favor, encouragement, or aid, afforded to a person or a work; as, the patronage of letters; patronage given to an author.
Patronage	Business custom.
Patronage	Guardianship, as of a saint; tutelary care.
Patronage	The right of nomination to political office; also, the offices, contracts, honors, etc., which a public officer may bestow by favor.
Patronage	The right of presentation to church or ecclesiastical benefice; advowson.
Patronage	To act as a patron of; to maintain; to defend.
Patronal	Patron; protecting; favoring.
Patronate	The right or duty of a patron; patronage.
Patroness	A female patron or helper.
Patronization	The act of patronizing; patronage; support.
Patronized	of Patronize
Patronizing	of Patronize
Patronize	To act as patron toward; to support; to countenance; to favor; to aid.
Patronize	To trade with customarily; to frequent as a customer.
Patronize	To assume the air of a patron, or of a superior and protector, toward; -- used in an unfavorable sense; as, to patronize one's equals.
Patronizer	One who patronizes.
Patronizing	Showing condescending favor; assuming the manner of airs of a superior toward another.
Patronless	Destitute of a patron.
Patronomayology	That branch of knowledge which deals with personal names and their origin; the study of patronymics.
Patronymic	Derived from ancestors; as, a patronymic denomination.
Patronymic	A modification of the father's name borne by the son; a name derived from that of a parent or ancestor; as, Pelides, the son of Peleus; Johnson, the son of John; Macdonald, the son of Donald; Paulowitz, the son of Paul; also, the surname of a family; the family name.
Patronymical	Same as Patronymic.
Patroon	One of the proprietors of certain tracts of land with manorial privileges and right of entail, under the old Dutch governments of New York and New Jersey.
Patroonship	The office of a patroon.
Patte	Alt. of Pattee
Pattee	Narrow at the inner, and very broad at the other, end, or having its arms of that shape; -- said of a cross. See Illust. (8) of Cross.
Pattemar	See Patamar.
Patten	A clog or sole of wood, usually supported by an iron ring, worn to raise the feet from the wet or the mud.
Patten	A stilt.
Pattened	Wearing pattens.
Pattered	of Patter
Pattering	of Patter
Patter	To strike with a quick succession of slight, sharp sounds; as, pattering rain or hail; pattering feet.
Patter	To mutter; to mumble; as, to patter with the lips.
Patter	To talk glibly; to chatter; to harangue.
Patter	To spatter; to sprinkle.
Patter	To mutter; as prayers.
Patter	A quick succession of slight sounds; as, the patter of rain; the patter of little feet.
Patter	Glib and rapid speech; a voluble harangue.
Patter	The cant of a class; patois; as, thieves's patter; gypsies' patter.
Patterer	One who patters, or talks glibly; specifically, a street peddler.
Pattern	Anything proposed for imitation; an archetype; an exemplar; that which is to be, or is worthy to be, copied or imitated; as, a pattern of a machine.
Pattern	A part showing the figure or quality of the whole; a specimen; a sample; an example; an instance.
Pattern	Stuff sufficient for a garment; as, a dress pattern.
Pattern	Figure or style of decoration; design; as, wall paper of a beautiful pattern.
Pattern	Something made after a model; a copy.
Pattern	Anything cut or formed to serve as a guide to cutting or forming objects; as, a dressmaker's pattern.
Pattern	A full-sized model around which a mold of sand is made, to receive the melted metal. It is usually made of wood and in several parts, so as to be removed from the mold without injuring it.
Patterned	of Pattern
Patterning	of Pattern
Pattern	To make or design (anything) by, from, or after, something that serves as a pattern; to copy; to model; to imitate.
Pattern	To serve as an example for; also, to parallel.
Patties	of Patty
Patty	A little pie.
Pattypan	A pan for baking patties.
Pattypan	A patty.
Patulous	Open; expanded; slightly spreading; having the parts loose or dispersed; as, a patulous calyx; a patulous cluster of flowers.
Pau	See Pah.
Pauciloquent	Uttering few words; brief in speech.
Pauciloquy	Brevity in speech.
Paucispiral	Having few spirals, or whorls; as, a paucispiral operculum or shell.
Paucity	Fewness; smallness of number; scarcity.
Paucity	Smallnes of quantity; exiguity; insufficiency; as, paucity of blood.
Paugies	of Paugy
Paugie	Alt. of Paugy
Paugy	The scup. See Porgy, and Scup.
Pauhaugen	The menhaden; -- called also poghaden.
Paul	See Pawl.
Paul	An Italian silver coin. See Paolo.
Pauldron	A piece of armor covering the shoulder at the junction of the body piece and arm piece.
Paulian	Alt. of Paulianist
Paulianist	A follower of Paul of Samosata, a bishop of Antioch in the third century, who was deposed for denying the divinity of Christ.
Paulician	One of a sect of Christian dualists originating in Armenia in the seventh century. They rejected the Old Testament and the part of the New.
Paulin	See Tarpaulin.
Pauline	Of or pertaining to the apostle Paul, or his writings; resembling, or conforming to, the writings of Paul; as, the Pauline epistles; Pauline doctrine.
Paulist	A member of The Institute of the Missionary Priests of St. Paul the Apostle, founded in 1858 by the Rev. I. T. Hecker of New York. The majority of the members were formerly Protestants.
Paulownia	A genus of trees of the order Scrophulariaceae, consisting of one species, Paulownia imperialis.
Paum	To palm off by fraud; to cheat at cards.
Paunce	The pansy.
Paunch	The belly and its contents; the abdomen; also, the first stomach, or rumen, of ruminants. See Rumen.
Paunch	A paunch mat; -- called also panch.
Paunch	The thickened rim of a bell, struck by the clapper.
Paunched	of Paunch
Paunching	of Paunch
Paunch	To pierce or rip the belly of; to eviscerate; to disembowel.
Paunch	To stuff with food.
Paunchy	Pot-bellied.
Paune	A kind of bread. See Pone.
Pauper	A poor person; especially, one development on private or public charity. Also used adjectively; as, pouper immigrants, pouper labor.
Pauperism	The state of being a pauper; the state of indigent persons requiring support from the community.
Pauperization	The act or process of reducing to pauperism.
Pauperized	of Pauperize
Pauperizing	of Pauperize
Pauperize	To reduce to pauperism; as, to pauperize the peasantry.
Pauropoda	An order of small myriapods having only nine pairs of legs and destitute of tracheae.
Pause	A temporary stop or rest; an intermission of action; interruption; suspension; cessation.
Pause	Temporary inaction or waiting; hesitation; suspence; doubt.
Pause	In speaking or reading aloud, a brief arrest or suspension of voice, to indicate the limits and relations of sentences and their parts.
Pause	In writing and printing, a mark indicating the place and nature of an arrest of voice in reading; a punctuation point; as, teach the pupil to mind the pauses.
Pause	A break or paragraph in writing.
Pause	A hold. See 4th Hold, 7.
Paused	of Pause
Pausing	of Pause
Pause	To make a short stop; to cease for a time; to intermit speaking or acting; to stop; to wait; to rest.
Pause	To be intermitted; to cease; as, the music pauses.
Pause	To hesitate; to hold back; to delay.
Pause	To stop in order to consider; hence, to consider; to reflect.
Pause	To cause to stop or rest; -- used reflexively.
Pauser	One who pauses.
Pausingly	With pauses; haltingly.
Pauxi	A curassow (Ourax pauxi), which, in South America, is often domesticated.
Pavage	See Pavage.
Pavan	A stately and formal Spanish dance for which full state costume is worn; -- so called from the resemblance of its movements to those of the peacock.
Pave	The pavement.
Paved	of Pave
Paving	of Pave
Pave	To lay or cover with stone, brick, or other material, so as to make a firm, level, or convenient surface for horses, carriages, or persons on foot, to travel on; to floor with brick, stone, or other solid material; as, to pave a street; to pave a court.
Pave	Fig.: To make smooth, easy, and safe; to prepare, as a path or way; as, to pave the way to promotion; to pave the way for an enterprise.
Pavement	That with which anythingis paved; a floor or covering of solid material, laid so as to make a hard and convenient surface for travel; a paved road or sidewalk; a decorative interior floor of tiles or colored bricks.
Pavement	To furnish with a pavement; to pave.
Paven	See Pavan.
Paver	One who paves; one who lays a pavement.
Pavesade	A canvas screen, formerly sometimes extended along the side of a vessel in a naval engagement, to conceal from the enemy the operations on board.
Pavese	Alt. of Pavesse
Pavesse	Pavise.
Paviage	A contribution or a tax for paving streets or highways.
Pavian	See Pavan.
Pavid	Timid; fearful.
Pavidity	Timidity.
Pavier	A paver.
Paviin	A glucoside found in species of the genus Pavia of the Horse-chestnut family.
Pavilion	A temporary movable habitation; a large tent; a marquee; esp., a tent raised on posts.
Pavilion	A single body or mass of building, contained within simple walls and a single roof, whether insulated, as in the park or garden of a larger edifice, or united with other parts, and forming an angle or central feature of a large pile.
Pavilion	A flag, colors, ensign, or banner.
Pavilion	Same as Tent (Her.)
Pavilion	That part of a brilliant which lies between the girdle and collet. See Illust. of Brilliant.
Pavilion	The auricle of the ear; also, the fimbriated extremity of the Fallopian tube.
Pavilion	A covering; a canopy; figuratively, the sky.
Pavilioned	of Pavilion
Pavilioning	of Pavilion
Pavilion	To furnish or cover with, or shelter in, a tent or tents.
Pavin	See Pavan.
Paving	The act or process of laying a pavement, or covering some place with a pavement.
Paving	A pavement.
Pavior	One who paves; a paver.
Pavior	A rammer for driving paving stones.
Pavior	A brick or slab used for paving.
Pavise	A large shield covering the whole body, carried by a pavisor, who sometimes screened also an archer with it.
Pavisor	A soldier who carried a pavise.
Pavo	A genus of birds, including the peacocks.
Pavo	The Peacock, a constellation of the southern hemisphere.
Pavon	A small triangular flag, esp. one attached to a knight's lance; a pennon.
Pavone	A peacock.
Pavonian	Of or pertaining to a peacock.
Pavonine	Like, or pertaining to, the genus Pavo.
Pavonine	Characteristic of a peacock; resembling the tail of a peacock, as in colors; iridescent.
Paw	The foot of a quadruped having claws, as the lion, dog, cat, etc.
Paw	The hand.
Paw	To draw the forefoot along the ground; to beat or scrape with the forefoot.
Pawed	of Paw
Pawing	of Paw
Paw	To pass the paw over; to stroke or handle with the paws; hence, to handle fondly or rudely.
Paw	To scrape or beat with the forefoot.
Pawk	A small lobster.
Pawky	Arch; cunning; sly.
Pawl	A pivoted tongue, or sliding bolt, on one part of a machine, adapted to fall into notches, or interdental spaces, on another part, as a ratchet wheel, in such a manner as to permit motion in one direction and prevent it in the reverse, as in a windlass; a catch, click, or detent. See Illust. of Ratchet Wheel.
Pawl	To stop with a pawl; to drop the pawls off.
Pawn	See Pan, the masticatory.
Pawn	A man or piece of the lowest rank.
Pawn	Anything delivered or deposited as security, as for the payment of money borrowed, or of a debt; a pledge. See Pledge, n., 1.
Pawn	State of being pledged; a pledge for the fulfillment of a promise.
Pawn	A stake hazarded in a wager.
Pawned	of Pawn
Pawning	of Pawn
Pawn	To give or deposit in pledge, or as security for the payment of money borrowed; to put in pawn; to pledge; as, to pawn one's watch.
Pawn	To pledge for the fulfillment of a promise; to stake; to risk; to wager; to hazard.
Pawnable	Capable of being pawned.
Pawnbroker	One who makes a business of lending money on the security of personal property pledged or deposited in his keeping.
Pawnbroking	The business of a pawnbroker.
Pawnee	One or two whom a pledge is delivered as security; one who takes anything in pawn.
Pawnees	A tribe of Indians (called also Loups) who formerly occupied the region of the Platte river, but now live mostly in the Indian Territory. The term is often used in a wider sense to include also the related tribes of Rickarees and Wichitas. Called also Pani.
Pawner	Alt. of Pawnor
Pawnor	One who pawns or pledges anything as security for the payment of borrowed money or of a debt.
Pawpaw	See Papaw.
Pax	The kiss of peace; also, the embrace in the sanctuary now substituted for it at High Mass in Roman Catholic churches.
Pax	A tablet or board, on which is a representation of Christ, of the Virgin Mary, or of some saint and which, in the Mass, was kissed by the priest and then by the people, in mediaeval times; an osculatory. It is still used in communities, confraternities, etc.
Paxillose	Resembling a little stake.
Paxilli	of Paxillus
Paxillus	One of a peculiar kind of spines covering the surface of certain starfishes. They are pillarlike, with a flattened summit which is covered with minute spinules or granules. See Illustration in Appendix.
Paxwax	The strong ligament of the back of the neck in quadrupeds. It connects the back of the skull with dorsal spines of the cervical vertebrae, and helps to support the head. Called also paxywaxy and packwax.
Paxywaxy	See Paxwax.
Pay	To cover, as bottom of a vessel, a seam, a spar, etc., with tar or pitch, or waterproof composition of tallow, resin, etc.; to smear.
Paid	of Pay
Paying	of Pay
Pay	To satisfy, or content; specifically, to satisfy (another person) for service rendered, property delivered, etc.; to discharge one's obligation to; to make due return to; to compensate; to remunerate; to recompense; to requite; as, to pay workmen or servants.
Pay	Hence, figuratively: To compensate justly; to requite according to merit; to reward; to punish; to retort or retaliate upon.
Pay	To discharge, as a debt, demand, or obligation, by giving or doing what is due or required; to deliver the amount or value of to the person to whom it is owing; to discharge a debt by delivering (money owed).
Pay	To discharge or fulfill, as a duy; to perform or render duty, as that which has been promised.
Pay	To give or offer, without an implied obligation; as, to pay attention; to pay a visit.
Pay	To give a recompense; to make payment, requital, or satisfaction; to discharge a debt.
Pay	Hence, to make or secure suitable return for expense or trouble; to be remunerative or profitable; to be worth the effort or pains required; as, it will pay to ride; it will pay to wait; politeness always pays.
Pay	Satisfaction; content.
Pay	An equivalent or return for money due, goods purchased, or services performed; salary or wages for work or service; compensation; recompense; payment; hire; as, the pay of a clerk; the pay of a soldier.
Payable	That may, can, or should be paid; suitable to be paid; justly due.
Payable	That may be discharged or settled by delivery of value.
Payable	Matured; now due.
Payee	The person to whom money is to be, or has been, paid; the person named in a bill or note, to whom, or to whose order, the amount is promised or directed to be paid. See Bill of exchange, under Bill.
Payen	Pagan.
Payer	One who pays; specifically, the person by whom a bill or note has been, or should be, paid.
Paymaster	One who pays; one who compensates, rewards, or requites; specifically, an officer or agent of a government, a corporation, or an employer, whose duty it is to pay salaries, wages, etc., and keep account of the same.
Payment	The act of paying, or giving compensation; the discharge of a debt or an obligation.
Payment	That which is paid; the thing given in discharge of a debt, or an obligation, or in fulfillment of a promise; reward; recompense; requital; return.
Payment	Punishment; chastisement.
Payn	Bread. Having
Payndemain	The finest and whitest bread made in the Middle Ages; -- called also paynemain, payman.
Paynim	See Painim.
Paynize	To treat or preserve, as wood, by a process resembling kyanizing.
Payor	See Payer.
Payse	To poise.
Paytine	An alkaloid obtained from a white bark resembling that of the cinchona, first brought from Payta, in Peru.
Pea	The sliding weight on a steelyard.
Pea	See Peak, n., 3.
Peas	of Pea
Pease	of Pea
Pea	A plant, and its fruit, of the genus Pisum, of many varieties, much cultivated for food. It has a papilionaceous flower, and the pericarp is a legume, popularly called a pod.
Pea	A name given, especially in the Southern States, to the seed of several leguminous plants (species of Dolichos, Cicer, Abrus, etc.) esp. those having a scar (hilum) of a different color from the rest of the seed.
Peabird	The wryneck; -- so called from its note.
Peabody bird	An American sparrow (Zonotrichia albicollis) having a conspicuous white throat. The name is imitative of its note. Called also White-throated sparrow.
Peace	A state of quiet or tranquillity; freedom from disturbance or agitation; calm; repose
Peace	Exemption from, or cessation of, war with public enemies.
Peace	Public quiet, order, and contentment in obedience to law.
Peace	Exemption from, or subjection of, agitating passions; tranquillity of mind or conscience.
Peace	Reconciliation; agreement after variance; harmony; concord.
Peace	To make or become quiet; to be silent; to stop.
Peaceable	Begin in or at peace; tranquil; quiet; free from, or not disposed to, war, disorder, or excitement; not quarrelsome.
Peacebreaker	One who disturbs the public peace.
Peaceful	Possessing or enjoying peace; not disturbed by war, tumult, agitation, anxiety, or commotion; quiet; tranquil; as, a peaceful time; a peaceful country; a peaceful end.
Peaceful	Not disposed or tending to war, tumult or agitation; pacific; mild; calm; peaceable; as, peaceful words.
Peaceless	Without peace; disturbed.
Peacemaker	One who makes peace by reconciling parties that are at variance.
Peach	To accuse of crime; to inform against.
Peach	To turn informer; to betray one's accomplice.
Peach	A well-known high-flavored juicy fruit, containing one or two seeds in a hard almond-like endocarp or stone; also, the tree which bears it (Prunus, / Amygdalus Persica). In the wild stock the fruit is hard and inedible.
Peach-colored	Of the color of a peach blossom.
Peacher	One who peaches.
Peachick	The chicken of the peacock.
Peachy	Resembling a peach or peaches.
Peacock	The male of any pheasant of the genus Pavo, of which at least two species are known, native of Southern Asia and the East Indies.
Peacock	In common usage, the species in general or collectively; a peafowl.
Peafowl	The peacock or peahen; any species of Pavo.
Peage	See Paage.
Peagrit	A coarse pisolitic limestone. See Pisolite.
Peahen	The hen or female peafowl.
Pea-jacket	A thick loose woolen jacket, or coat, much worn by sailors in cold weather.
Peak	A point; the sharp end or top of anything that terminates in a point; as, the peak, or front, of a cap.
Peak	The top, or one of the tops, of a hill, mountain, or range, ending in a point; often, the whole hill or mountain, esp. when isolated; as, the Peak of Teneriffe.
Peak	The upper aftermost corner of a fore-and-aft sail; -- used in many combinations; as, peak-halyards, peak-brails, etc.
Peak	The narrow part of a vessel's bow, or the hold within it.
Peak	The extremity of an anchor fluke; the bill.
Peaked	of Peak
Peaking	of Peak
Peak	To rise or extend into a peak or point; to form, or appear as, a peak.
Peak	To acquire sharpness of figure or features; hence, to look thin or sicky.
Peak	To pry; to peep slyly.
Peak	To raise to a position perpendicular, or more nearly so; as, to peak oars, to hold them upright; to peak a gaff or yard, to set it nearer the perpendicular.
Peaked	Pointed; ending in a point; as, a peaked roof.
Peaked	Sickly; not robust.
Peaking	Mean; sneaking.
Peaking	Pining; sickly; peakish.
Peakish	Of or relating to a peak; or to peaks; belonging to a mountainous region.
Peakish	Having peaks; peaked.
Peakish	Having features thin or sharp, as from sickness; hence, sickly.
Peaky	Having a peak or peaks.
Peaky	Sickly; peaked.
Peal	A small salmon; a grilse; a sewin.
Peal	To appeal.
Peal	A loud sound, or a succession of loud sounds, as of bells, thunder, cannon, shouts, of a multitude, etc.
Peal	A set of bells tuned to each other according to the diatonic scale; also, the changes rung on a set of bells.
Pealed	of Peal
Pealing	of Peal
Peal	To utter or give out loud sounds.
Peal	To resound; to echo.
Peal	To utter or give forth loudly; to cause to give out loud sounds; to noise abroad.
Peal	To assail with noise or loud sounds.
Peal	To pour out.
Pean	One of the furs, the ground being sable, and the spots or tufts or.
Pean	A song of praise and triumph. See Paean.
Peanism	The song or shout of praise, of battle, or of triumph.
Peanut	The fruit of a trailing leguminous plant (Arachis hypogaea); also, the plant itself, which is widely cultivated for its fruit.
Pear	The fleshy pome, or fruit, of a rosaceous tree (Pyrus communis), cultivated in many varieties in temperate climates; also, the tree which bears this fruit. See Pear family, below.
Pearch	See Perch.
Pearl	A fringe or border.
Pearl	To fringe; to border.
Pearl	A shelly concretion, usually rounded, and having a brilliant luster, with varying tints, found in the mantle, or between the mantle and shell, of certain bivalve mollusks, especially in the pearl oysters and river mussels, and sometimes in certain univalves. It is usually due to a secretion of shelly substance around some irritating foreign particle. Its substance is the same as nacre, or mother-of-pearl. Pearls which are round, or nearly round, and of fine luster, are highly esteemed as jewels, and compare in value with the precious stones.
Pearl	Hence, figuratively, something resembling a pearl; something very precious.
Pearl	Nacre, or mother-of-pearl.
Pearl	A fish allied to the turbot; the brill.
Pearl	A light-colored tern.
Pearl	One of the circle of tubercles which form the bur on a deer's antler.
Pearl	A whitish speck or film on the eye.
Pearl	A capsule of gelatin or similar substance containing some liquid for medicinal application, as ether.
Pearl	A size of type, between agate and diamond.
Pearl	Of or pertaining to pearl or pearls; made of pearls, or of mother-of-pearl.
Pearl	To set or adorn with pearls, or with mother-of-pearl. Used also figuratively.
Pearl	To cause to resemble pearls; to make into small round grains; as, to pearl barley.
Pearl	To resemble pearl or pearls.
Pearl	To give or hunt for pearls; as, to go pearling.
Pearlaceous	Resembling pearl or mother-of-pearl; pearly in quality or appearance.
Pearlash	A white amorphous or granular substance which consists principally of potassium carbonate, and has a strong alkaline reaction. It is obtained by lixiviating wood ashes, and evaporating the lye, and has been an important source of potassium compounds. It is used in making soap, glass, etc.
Pearl-eyed	Having a pearly speck in the eye; afflicted with the cataract.
Pearlfish	Any fish whose scales yield a pearl-like pigment used in manufacturing artificial pearls, as the bleak, and whitebait.
Pearlins	Alt. of Pearlings
Pearlings	A kind of lace of silk or thread.
Pearlite	Alt. of Pearlstone
Pearlstone	A glassy volcanic rock of a grayish color and pearly luster, often having a spherulitic concretionary structure due to the curved cracks produced by contraction in cooling. See Illust. under Perlitic.
Pearlwort	A name given to several species of Sagina, low and inconspicuous herbs of the Chickweed family.
Pearly	Containing pearls; abounding with, or yielding, pearls; as, pearly shells.
Pearly	Resembling pearl or pearls; clear; pure; transparent; iridescent; as, the pearly dew or flood.
Pearmain	The name of several kinds of apples; as, the blue pearmain, winter pearmain, and red pearmain.
Pear-shaped	Of the form of a pear.
Peart	Active; lively; brisk; smart; -- often applied to convalescents; as, she is quite peart to-day.
Peasant	A countryman; a rustic; especially, one of the lowest class of tillers of the soil in European countries.
Peasant	Rustic, rural.
Peasantlike	Rude; clownish; illiterate.
Peasantly	Peasantlike.
Peasantry	Peasants, collectively; the body of rustics.
Peasantry	Rusticity; coarseness.
Peascod	The legume or pericarp, or the pod, of the pea.
Peases	of Pease
Peasen	of Pease
Pease	A pea.
Pease	A plural form of Pea. See the Note under Pea.
Peastone	Pisolite.
Peasweep	The pewit, or lapwing.
Peasweep	The greenfinch.
Peat	A small person; a pet; -- sometimes used contemptuously.
Peat	A substance of vegetable origin, consisting of roots and fibers, moss, etc., in various stages of decomposition, and found, as a kind of turf or bog, usually in low situations, where it is always more or less saturated with water. It is often dried and used for fuel.
Peaty	Composed of peat; abounding in peat; resembling peat.
Peba	An armadillo (Tatusia novemcincta) which is found from Texas to Paraguay; -- called also tatouhou.
Pebble	A small roundish stone or bowlder; especially, a stone worn and rounded by the action of water; a pebblestone.
Pebble	Transparent and colorless rock crystal; as, Brazilian pebble; -- so called by opticians.
Pebbled	of Pebble
Pebbling	of Pebble
Pebble	To grain (leather) so as to produce a surface covered with small rounded prominences.
Pebbled	Abounding in pebbles.
Pebblestone	A pebble; also, pebbles collectively.
Pebbly	Full of pebbles; pebbled.
Pebrine	An epidemic disease of the silkworm, characterized by the presence of minute vibratory corpuscles in the blood.
Pecan	A species of hickory (Carya olivaeformis), growing in North America, chiefly in the Mississippi valley and in Texas, where it is one of the largest of forest trees; also, its fruit, a smooth, oblong nut, an inch or an inch and a half long, with a thin shell and well-flavored meat.
Pecary	See Peccary.
Peccability	The state or quality of being peccable; lability to sin.
Peccable	Liable to sin; subject to transgress the divine law.
Peccadillos	of Peccadillo
Peccadillo	A slight trespass or offense; a petty crime or fault.
Peccancy	The quality or state of being peccant.
Peccancy	A sin; an offense.
Peccant	Sinning; guilty of transgression; criminal; as, peccant angels.
Peccant	Morbid; corrupt; as, peccant humors.
Peccant	Wrong; defective; faulty.
Peccant	An offender.
Peccantly	In a peccant manner.
Peccaries	of Peccary
Peccary	A pachyderm of the genus Dicotyles.
Peccavi	I have sinned; -- used colloquially to express confession or acknowledgment of an offense.
Pecco	See Pekoe.
Peck	The fourth part of a bushel; a dry measure of eight quarts; as, a peck of wheat.
Peck	A great deal; a large or excessive quantity.
Pecked	of Peck
Pecking	of Peck
Peck	To strike with the beak; to thrust the beak into; as, a bird pecks a tree.
Peck	Hence: To strike, pick, thrust against, or dig into, with a pointed instrument; especially, to strike, pick, etc., with repeated quick movements.
Peck	To seize and pick up with the beak, or as with the beak; to bite; to eat; -- often with up.
Peck	To make, by striking with the beak or a pointed instrument; as, to peck a hole in a tree.
Peck	To make strokes with the beak, or with a pointed instrument.
Peck	To pick up food with the beak; hence, to eat.
Peck	A quick, sharp stroke, as with the beak of a bird or a pointed instrument.
Pecker	One who, or that which, pecks; specif., a bird that pecks holes in trees; a woodpecker.
Pecker	An instrument for pecking; a pick.
Peckish	Inclined to eat; hungry.
Peckled	Speckled; spotted.
Pecopteris	An extensive genus of fossil ferns; -- so named from the regular comblike arrangement of the leaflets.
Pecora	An extensive division of ruminants, including the antelopes, deer, and cattle.
Pectate	A salt of pectic acid.
Pecten	A vascular pigmented membrane projecting into the vitreous humor within the globe of the eye in birds, and in many reptiles and fishes; -- also called marsupium.
Pecten	The pubic bone.
Pecten	Any species of bivalve mollusks of the genus Pecten, and numerous allied genera (family Pectinidae); a scallop. See Scallop.
Pecten	The comb of a scorpion. See Comb, 4 (b).
Pectic	Of or pertaining to pectin; specifically, designating an acid obtained from ordinary vegetable jelly (pectin) as an amorphous substance, tough and horny when dry, but gelatinous when moist.
Pectin	One of a series of carbohydrates, commonly called vegetable jelly, found very widely distributed in the vegetable kingdom, especially in ripe fleshy fruits, as apples, cranberries, etc. It is extracted as variously colored, translucent substances, which are soluble in hot water but become viscous on cooling.
Pectinal	Of or pertaining to a comb; resembling a comb.
Pectinal	A fish whose bone/ resemble comb teeth.
Pectinate	Alt. of Pectinated
Pectinated	Resembling the teeth of a comb.
Pectinated	Having very narrow, close divisions, in arrangement and regularity resembling those of a comb; comblike; as, a pectinate leaf; pectinated muscles.  See Illust. (e) of Antennae.
Pectinated	Interlaced, like two combs.
Pectinately	In a pectinate manner.
Pectination	The state of being pectinated; that which is pectinated.
Pectination	The act of combing; the combing of the head.
Pectination	Comblike toothing.
Pectineal	Of or pertaining to the pecten.
Pectineal	Relating to, or connected with, the pubic bone.
Pectinibranch	One of the Pectinibranchiata. Also used adjectively.
Pectinibranchiata	A division of Gastropoda, including those that have a comblike gill upon the neck.
Pectinibranchiate	Having pectinated gills.
Pectiniform	Comblike in form.
Pectize	To congeal; to change into a gelatinous mass.
Pectolite	A whitish mineral occurring in radiated or fibrous crystalline masses. It is a hydrous silicate of lime and soda.
Pectoral	Of or pertaining to the breast, or chest; as, the pectoral muscles.
Pectoral	Relating to, or good for, diseases of the chest or lungs; as, a pectoral remedy.
Pectoral	Having the breast conspicuously colored; as, the pectoral sandpiper.
Pectoral	A covering or protecting for the breast.
Pectoral	A breastplate, esp. that worn by the Jewish high person.
Pectoral	A clasp or a cross worn on the breast.
Pectoral	A medicine for diseases of the chest organs, especially the lungs.
Pectorally	As connected with the breast.
Pectoriloquial	Pertaining to, or of the nature of, pectoriloquy.
Pectoriloquism	Pectoriloquy.
Pectoriloquous	Pectoriloquial.
Pectoriloquy	The distinct articulation of the sounds of a patient's voice, heard on applying the ear to the chest in auscultation. It usually indicates some morbid change in the lungs or pleural cavity.
Pectose	An amorphous carbohydrate found in the vegetable kingdom, esp. in unripe fruits. It is associated with cellulose, and is converted into substances of the pectin group.
Pectosic	Of, pertaining to, resembling, or derived from, pectose; specifically, designating an acid supposed to constitute largely ordinary pectin or vegetable jelly.
Pectostraca	A degenerate order of Crustacea, including the Rhizocephala and Cirripedia.
Pectous	Of, pertaining to, or consisting of, pectose.
Pectora	of Pectus
Pectus	The breast of a bird.
Pecul	See Picul.
Peculated	of Peculate
Peculating	of Peculate
Peculate	To appropriate to one's own use the property of the public; to steal public moneys intrusted to one's care; to embezzle.
Peculation	The act or practice of peculating, or of defrauding the public by appropriating to one's own use the money or goods intrusted to one's care for management or disbursement; embezzlement.
Peculator	One who peculates.
Peculiar	One's own; belonging solely or especially to an individual; not possessed by others; of private, personal, or characteristic possession and use; not owned in common or in participation.
Peculiar	Particular; individual; special; appropriate.
Peculiar	Unusual; singular; rare; strange; as, the sky had a peculiarappearance.
Peculiar	That which is peculiar; a sole or exclusive property; a prerogative; a characteristic.
Peculiar	A particular parish or church which is exempt from the jurisdiction of the ordinary.
Peculiarities	of Peculiarity
Peculiarity	The quality or state of being peculiar; individuality; singularity.
Peculiarity	That which is peculiar; a special and distinctive characteristic or habit; particularity.
Peculiarity	Exclusive possession or right.
Pecularized	of Peculiarize
Pecularizing	of Peculiarize
Peculiarize	To make peculiar; to set appart or assign, as an exclusive possession.
Peculiarly	In a peculiar manner; particulary; in a rare and striking degree; unusually.
Peculiarness	The quality or state of being peculiar; peculiarity.
Peculium	The saving of a son or a slave with the father's or master's consent; a little property or stock of one's own; any exclusive personal or separate property.
Peculium	A special fund for private and personal uses.
Pecunial	Pecuniary.
Pecuniarily	In a pecuniary manner; as regards money.
Pecuniary	Relating to money; monetary; as, a pecuniary penalty; a pecuniary reward.
Pecunious	Abounding in money; wealthy; rich.
Ped	A basket; a hammer; a pannier.
Pedage	A toll or tax paid by passengers, entitling them to safe-conduct and protection.
Pedagog	Pedagogue.
Pedagogic	See Pedagogics.
Pedagogic	Alt. of Pedagogical
Pedagogical	Of or pertaining to a pedagogue; suited to, or characteristic of, a pedagogue.
Pedagogics	The science or art of teaching; the principles and rules of teaching; pedagogy.
Pedagogism	The system, occupation, character, or manner of pedagogues.
Pedagogue	A slave who led his master's children to school, and had the charge of them generally.
Pedagogue	A teacher of children; one whose occupation is to teach the young; a schoolmaster.
Pedagogue	One who by teaching has become formal, positive, or pedantic in his ways; one who has the manner of a schoolmaster; a pedant.
Pedagogue	To play the pedagogue toward.
Pedagogy	Pedagogics; pedagogism.
Pedal	Of or pertaining to the foot, or to feet, literally or figuratively; specifically (Zool.), pertaining to the foot of a mollusk; as, the pedal ganglion.
Pedal	Of or pertaining to a pedal; having pedals.
Pedal	A lever or key acted on by the foot, as in the pianoforte to raise the dampers, or in the organ to open and close certain pipes; a treadle, as in a lathe or a bicycle.
Pedal	A pedal curve or surface.
Pedalian	Relating to the foot, or to a metrical foot; pedal.
Pedality	The act of measuring by paces.
Pedaneous	Going on foot; pedestrian.
Pedant	A schoolmaster; a pedagogue.
Pedant	One who puts on an air of learning; one who makes a vain display of learning; a pretender to superior knowledge.
Pedantic	Alt. of Pedantical
Pedantical	Of or pertaining to a pedant; characteristic of, or resembling, a pedant; ostentatious of learning; as, a pedantic writer; a pedantic description; a pedantical affectation.
Pedantically	In a pedantic manner.
Pedanticly	Pedantically.
Pedantism	The office, disposition, or act of a pedant; pedantry.
Pedantize	To play the pedant; to use pedantic expressions.
Pedantocracy	The sway of pedants.
Pedantry	The act, character, or manners of a pedant; vain ostentation of learning.
Pedanty	An assembly or clique of pedants.
Pedarian	One of a class eligible to the office of senator, but not yet chosen, who could sit and speak in the senate, but could not vote; -- so called because he might indicate his opinion by walking over to the side of the party he favored when a vote was taken.
Pedaries	of Pedary
Pedary	A sandal.
Pedata	An order of holothurians, including those that have ambulacral suckers, or feet, and an internal gill.
Pedate	Palmate, with the lateral lobes cleft into two or more segments; -- said of a leaf.
Pedatifid	Cleft in a pedate manner, but having the lobes distinctly connected at the base; -- said of a leaf.
Peddle	To travel about with wares for sale; to go from place to place, or from house to house, for the purpose of retailing goods; as, to peddle without a license.
Peddle	To do a small business; to be busy about trifles; to piddle.
Peddled	of Peddle
Peddling	of Peddle
Peddle	To sell from place to place; to retail by carrying around from customer to customer; to hawk; hence, to retail in very small quantities; as, to peddle vegetables or tinware.
Peddler	One who peddles; a traveling trader; one who travels about, retailing small wares; a hawker.
Peddlery	The trade, or the goods, of a peddler; hawking; small retail business, like that of a peddler.
Peddlery	Trifling; trickery.
Peddling	Hawking; acting as a peddler.
Peddling	Petty; insignificant.
Pederast	One guilty of pederasty; a sodomite.
Pederastic	Of or pertaining to pederasty.
Pederasty	The crime against nature; sodomy.
Pederero	A term formerly applied to a short piece of chambered ordnance.
Pedesis	Same as Brownian movement, under Brownian.
Pedestal	The base or foot of a column, statue, vase, lamp, or the like; the part on which an upright work stands. It consists of three parts, the base, the die or dado, and the cornice or surbase molding. See Illust. of Column.
Pedestal	A casting secured to the frame of a truck and forming a jaw for holding a journal box.
Pedestal	A pillow block; a low housing.
Pedestal	An iron socket, or support, for the foot of a brace at the end of a truss where it rests on a pier.
Pedestaled	Placed on, or supported by, a pedestal; figuratively, exalted.
Pedestrial	Of or pertaining to the feet; employing the foot or feet.
Pedestrially	In a pedestrial manner.
Pedestrian	Going on foot; performed on foot; as, a pedestrian journey.
Pedestrian	A walker; one who journeys on foot; a foot traveler; specif., a professional walker or runner.
Pedestrianism	The act, art, or practice of a pedestrian; walking or running; traveling or racing on foot.
Pedestrianized	of Pedestrianize
Pedestrianizing	of Pedestrianize
Pedestrianize	To practice walking; to travel on foot.
Pedestrious	Going on foot; not winged.
Pedetentous	Proceeding step by step; advancing cautiously.
Pedi-	Alt. of Pedo-
Pedo-	Combining forms from L. pes, pedis, foot, as pedipalp, pedireme, pedometer.
Pedial	Pertaining to the foot, or to any organ called a foot; pedal.
Pedicel	A stalk which supports one flower or fruit, whether solitary or one of many ultimate divisions of a common peduncle. See Peduncle, and Illust. of Flower.
Pedicel	A slender support of any special organ, as that of a capsule in mosses, an air vesicle in algae, or a sporangium in ferns.
Pedicel	A slender stem by which certain of the lower animals or their eggs are attached. See Illust. of Aphis lion.
Pedicel	The ventral part of each side of the neural arch connecting with the centrum of a vertebra.
Pedicel	An outgrowth of the frontal bones, which supports the antlers or horns in deer and allied animals.
Pediceled	Pedicellate.
Pedicellariae	of Pedicellaria
Pedicellaria	A peculiar forcepslike organ which occurs in large numbers upon starfishes and echini. Those of starfishes have two movable jaws, or blades, and are usually nearly, or quite, sessile; those of echini usually have three jaws and a pedicel. See Illustration in Appendix.
Pedicellate	Having a pedicel; supported by a pedicel.
Pedicellina	A genus of Bryozoa, of the order Entoprocta, having a bell-shaped body supported on a slender pedicel. See Illust. under Entoprocta.
Pedicle	Same as Pedicel.
Pedicular	Of or pertaining to lice; having the lousy distemper (phthiriasis); lousy.
Pediculate	Of or pertaining to the Pediculati.
Pediculati	An order of fishes including the anglers. See Illust. of Angler and Batfish.
Pediculation	Phthiriasis.
Pedicule	A pedicel.
Pediculina	A division of parasitic hemipterous insects, including the true lice. See Illust. in Appendix.
Pediculous	Pedicular.
Pediculi	of Pediculus
Pediculus	A genus of wingless parasitic Hemiptera, including the common lice of man. See Louse.
Pediform	Shaped like a foot.
Pedigerous	Bearing or having feet or legs.
Pedigree	A line of ancestors; descent; lineage; genealogy; a register or record of a line of ancestors.
Pedigree	A record of the lineage or strain of an animal, as of a horse.
Pediluvy	The bathing of the feet, a bath for the feet.
Pedimana	A division of marsupials, including the opossums.
Pedimane	A pedimanous marsupial; an opossum.
Pedimanous	Having feet resembling hands, or with the first toe opposable, as the opossums and monkeys.
Pediment	Originally, in classical architecture, the triangular space forming the gable of a simple roof; hence, a similar form used as a decoration over porticoes, doors, windows, etc.; also, a rounded or broken frontal having a similar position and use. See Temple.
Pedimental	Of or pertaining to a pediment.
Pedipalp	One of the Pedipalpi.
Pedipalpi	A division of Arachnida, including the whip scorpions (Thelyphonus) and allied forms. Sometimes used in a wider sense to include also the true scorpions.
Pedipalpous	Pertaining to, or resembling, the pedipalps.
Pedipalpi	of Pedipalpus
Pedipalpus	One of the second pair of mouth organs of arachnids. In some they are leglike, but in others, as the scorpion, they terminate in a claw.
Pedireme	A crustacean, some of whose feet serve as oars.
Pedlar	Alt. of Pedler
Pedler	See Peddler.
Pedobaptism	The baptism of infants or of small children.
Pedobaptist	One who advocates or practices infant baptism.
Pedomancy	Divination by examining the soles of the feet.
Pedometer	An instrument for including the number of steps in walking, and so ascertaining the distance passed over. It is usually in the form of a watch; an oscillating weight by the motion of the body causes the index to advance a certain distance at each step.
Pedometric	Alt. of Pedometrical
Pedometrical	Pertaining to, or measured by, a pedometer.
Pedomotive	Moved or worked by the action of the foot or feet on a pedal or treadle.
Pedotrophy	The art of nourishing children properly.
Pedregal	A lava field.
Peduncle	The stem or stalk that supports the flower or fruit of a plant, or a cluster of flowers or fruits.
Peduncle	A sort of stem by which certain shells and barnacles are attached to other objects. See Illust. of Barnacle.
Peduncle	A band of nervous or fibrous matter connecting different parts of the brain; as, the peduncles of the cerebellum; the peduncles of the pineal gland.
Peduncled	Having a peduncle; supported on a peduncle; pedunculate.
Peduncular	Of or pertaining to a peduncle; growing from a peduncle; as, a peduncular tendril.
Pedunculata	A division of Cirripedia, including the stalked or goose barnacles.
Pedunculate	Alt. of Pedunculated
Pedunculated	Having a peduncle; growing on a peduncle; as, a pedunculate flower; a pedunculate eye, as in a lobster.
Pee	See 1st Pea.
Pee	Bill of an anchor. See Peak, 3 (c).
Peece	See Piece.
Peechi	The dauw.
Peek	To look slyly, or with the eyes half closed, or through a crevice; to peep.
Peekaboo	A child's game; bopeep.
Peel	A small tower, fort, or castle; a keep.
Peel	A spadelike implement, variously used, as for removing loaves of bread from a baker's oven; also, a T-shaped implement used by printers and bookbinders for hanging wet sheets of paper on lines or poles to dry. Also, the blade of an oar.
Peel	To plunder; to pillage; to rob.
Peeled	of Peel
Peeling	of Peel
Peel	To strip off the skin, bark, or rind of; to strip by drawing or tearing off the skin, bark, husks, etc.; to flay; to decorticate; as, to peel an orange.
Peel	To strip or tear off; to remove by stripping, as the skin of an animal, the bark of a tree, etc.
Peel	To lose the skin, bark, or rind; to come off, as the skin, bark, or rind does; -- often used with an adverb; as, the bark peels easily or readily.
Peel	The skin or rind; as, the peel of an orange.
Peele	A graceful and swift South African antelope (Pelea capreola). The hair is woolly, and ash-gray on the back and sides. The horns are black, long, slender, straight, nearly smooth, and very sharp. Called also rheeboc, and rehboc.
Peeler	One who peels or strips.
Peeler	A pillager.
Peeler	A nickname for a policeman; -- so called from Sir Robert Peel.
Peelhouse	See 1st Peel.
Peen	A round-edged, or hemispherical, end to the head of a hammer or sledge, used to stretch or bend metal by indentation.
Peen	The sharp-edged end of the head of a mason's hammer.
Peen	To draw, bend, or straighten, as metal, by blows with the peen of a hammer or sledge.
Peenge	To complain.
Peeped	of Peep
Peeping	of Peep
Peep	To cry, as a chicken hatching or newly hatched; to chirp; to cheep.
Peep	To begin to appear; to look forth from concealment; to make the first appearance.
Peep	To look cautiously or slyly; to peer, as through a crevice; to pry.
Peep	The cry of a young chicken; a chirp.
Peep	First outlook or appearance.
Peep	A sly look; a look as through a crevice, or from a place of concealment.
Peep	Any small sandpiper, as the least sandpiper (Trigna minutilla).
Peep	The European meadow pipit (Anthus pratensis).
Peeper	A chicken just breaking the shell; a young bird.
Peeper	One who peeps; a prying person; a spy.
Peeper	The eye; as, to close the peepers.
Peephole	A hole, or crevice, through which one may peep without being discovered.
Peeping hole	See Peephole.
Peepul tree	A sacred tree (Ficus religiosa) of the Buddhists, a kind of fig tree which attains great size and venerable age. See Bo tree.
Peered	of Peer
Peering	of Peer
Peer	To come in sight; to appear.
Peer	To look narrowly or curiously or intently; to peep; as, the peering day.
Peer	One of the same rank, quality, endowments, character, etc.; an equal; a match; a mate.
Peer	A comrade; a companion; a fellow; an associate.
Peer	A nobleman; a member of one of the five degrees of the British nobility, namely, duke, marquis, earl, viscount, baron; as, a peer of the realm.
Peer	To make equal in rank.
Peer	To be, or to assume to be, equal.
Peerage	The rank or dignity of a peer.
Peerage	The body of peers; the nobility, collectively.
Peerdom	Peerage; also, a lordship.
Peeress	The wife of a peer; a woman ennobled in her own right, or by right of marriage.
Peerie	Alt. of Peery
Peery	Inquisitive; suspicious; sharp.
Peerless	Having no peer or equal; matchless; superlative.
Peert	Same as Peart.
Peerweet	Same as Pewit (a & b).
Peevish	Habitually fretful; easily vexed or fretted; hard to please; apt to complain; querulous; petulant.
Peevish	Expressing fretfulness and discontent, or unjustifiable dissatisfaction; as, a peevish answer.
Peevish	Silly; childish; trifling.
Peevishly	In a peevish manner.
Peevishness	The quality of being peevish; disposition to murmur; sourness of temper.
Peevit	Alt. of Peewit
Peewit	See Pewit.
Peg	A small, pointed piece of wood, used in fastening boards together, in attaching the soles of boots or shoes, etc.; as, a shoe peg.
Peg	A wooden pin, or nail, on which to hang things, as coats, etc. Hence, colloquially and figuratively: A support; a reason; a pretext; as, a peg to hang a claim upon.
Peg	One of the pins of a musical instrument, on which the strings are strained.
Peg	One of the pins used for marking points on a cribbage board.
Peg	A step; a degree; esp. in the slang phrase "To take one down peg."
Pegged	of Peg
Pegging	of Peg
Peg	To put pegs into; to fasten the parts of with pegs; as, to peg shoes; to confine with pegs; to restrict or limit closely.
Peg	To score with a peg, as points in the game; as, she pegged twelwe points.
Peg	To work diligently, as one who pegs shoes; -- usually with on, at, or away; as, to peg away at a task.
Pegador	A species of remora (Echeneis naucrates). See Remora.
Pegasean	Of or pertaining to Pegasus, or, figuratively, to poetry.
Pegasoid	Like or pertaining to Pegasus.
Pegasus	A winged horse fabled to have sprung from the body of Medusa when she was slain. He is noted for causing, with a blow of his hoof, Hippocrene, the inspiring fountain of the Muses, to spring from Mount Helicon. On this account he is, in modern times, associated with the Muses, and with ideas of poetic inspiration.
Pegasus	A northen constellation near the vernal equinoctial point. Its three brightest stars, with the brightest star of Andromeda, form the square of Pegasus.
Pegasus	A genus of small fishes, having large pectoral fins, and the body covered with hard, bony plates. Several species are known from the East Indies and China.
Pegger	One who fastens with pegs.
Pegging	The act or process of fastening with pegs.
Pegm	A sort of moving machine employed in the old pageants.
Pegmatite	Graphic granite. See under Granite.
Pegmatite	More generally, a coarse granite occurring as vein material in other rocks.
Pegmatitic	Of, pertaining to, or resembling, pegmatite; as, the pegmatic structure of certain rocks resembling graphic granite.
Pegtatoid	Resembling pegmatite; pegmatic.
Pegomancy	Divination by fountains.
Pegroots	Same as Setterwort.
Pehlevi	An ancient Persian dialect in which words were partly represented by their Semitic equivalents. It was in use from the 3d century (and perhaps earlier) to the middle of the 7th century, and later in religious writings.
Pein	See Peen.
Peirameter	A dynamometer for measuring the force required to draw wheel carriages on roads of different constructions.
Peirastic	Fitted for trail or test; experimental; tentative; treating of attempts.
Peise	A weight; a poise.
Peise	To poise or weight.
Peitrel	See Peytrel.
Pejorative	Implying or imputing evil; depreciatory; disparaging; unfavorable.
Pekan	See Fisher, 2.
Pekoe	A kind of black tea.
Pela	See Wax insect, under Wax.
Pelage	The covering, or coat, of a mammal, whether of wool, fur, or hair.
Pelagian	Of or pertaining to the sea; marine; pelagic; as, pelagian shells.
Pelagian	A follower of Pelagius, a British monk, born in the later part of the 4th century, who denied the doctrines of hereditary sin, of the connection between sin and death, and of conversion through grace.
Pelagian	Of or pertaining to Pelagius, or to his doctrines.
Pelagianism	The doctrines of Pelagius.
Pelagic	Of or pertaining to the ocean; -- applied especially to animals that live at the surface of the ocean, away from the coast.
Pelargonic	Pertaining to, or designating, an organic acid (called also nonoic acid) found in the leaves of the geranium (Pelargonium) and allied plants.
Pelargonium	A large genus of plants of the order Geraniaceae, differing from Geranium in having a spurred calyx and an irregular corolla.
Pelasgian	Alt. of Pelasgic
Pelasgic	Of or pertaining to the Pelasgians, an ancient people of Greece, of roving habits.
Pelasgic	Wandering.
Pelecan	See Pelican.
Pelecaniformes	Those birds that are related to the pelican; the Totipalmi.
Pelecoid	A figure, somewhat hatched-shaped, bounded by a semicircle and two inverted quadrants, and equal in area to the square ABCD inclosed by the chords of the four quadrants.
Pelecypoda	Same as Lamellibranchia.
Pelegrine	See Peregrine.
Pelerine	A woman's cape; especially, a fur cape that is longer in front than behind.
Pelf	Money; riches; lucre; gain; -- generally conveying the idea of something ill-gotten or worthless. It has no plural.
Pelfish	Of or pertaining to pelf.
Pelfray	Alt. of Pelfry
Pelfry	Pelf; also, figuratively, rubbish; trash.
Pelican	Any large webfooted bird of the genus Pelecanus, of which about a dozen species are known. They have an enormous bill, to the lower edge of which is attached a pouch in which captured fishes are temporarily stored.
Pelican	A retort or still having a curved tube or tubes leading back from the head to the body for continuous condensation and redistillation.
Pelick	The American coot (Fulica).
Pelicoid	See Pelecoid.
Pelicosauria	A suborder of Theromorpha, including terrestrial reptiles from the Permian formation.
Peliom	A variety of iolite, of a smoky blue color; pelioma.
Pelioma	A livid ecchymosis.
Pelioma	See Peliom.
Pelisse	An outer garment for men or women, originally of fur, or lined with fur; a lady's outer garment, made of silk or other fabric.
Pell	To pelt; to knock about.
Pell	A skin or hide; a pelt.
Pell	A roll of parchment; a parchment record.
Pellack	A porpoise.
Pellage	A customs duty on skins of leather.
Pellagra	An erythematous affection of the skin, with severe constitutional and nervous symptoms, endemic in Northern Italy.
Pellagrin	One who is afficted with pellagra.
Pellet	A little ball; as, a pellet of wax / paper.
Pellet	A bullet; a ball for firearms.
Pellet	To form into small balls.
Pelleted	Made of, or like, pellets; furnished with pellets.
Pellibranchiata	A division of Nudibranchiata, in which the mantle itself serves as a gill.
Pellicle	A thin skin or film.
Pellicle	A thin film formed on the surface of an evaporating solution.
Pellicular	Of or pertaining to a pellicle.
Pellile	The redshank; -- so called from its note.
Pellitory	The common name of the several species of the genus Parietaria, low, harmless weeds of the Nettle family; -- also called wall pellitory, and lichwort.
Pellitory	A composite plant (Anacyclus Pyrethrum) of the Mediterranean region, having finely divided leaves and whitish flowers. The root is the officinal pellitory, and is used as an irritant and sialogogue. Called also bertram, and pellitory of Spain.
Pellitory	The feverfew (Chrysanthemum Parthenium); -- so called because it resembles the above.
Pell-mell	See Pall-mall.
Pellmell	In utter confusion; with confused violence.
Pellucid	Transparent; clear; limpid; translucent; not opaque.
Pellucidity	Alt. of Pellucidness
Pellucidness	The quality or state of being pellucid; transparency; translucency; clearness; as, the pellucidity of the air.
Pellucidly	In a pellucid manner.
Pelmata	of Pelma
Pelma	The under surface of the foot.
Pelopium	A supposed new metal found in columbite, afterwards shown to be identical with columbium, or niobium.
Peloponnesian	Of or pertaining to the Peloponnesus, or southern peninsula of Greece.
Peloponnesian	A native or an inhabitant of the Peloponnesus.
Peloria	Abnormal regularity; the state of certain flowers, which, being naturally irregular, have become regular through a symmetrical repetition of the special irregularity.
Peloric	Abnormally regular or symmetrical.
Pelotage	Packs or bales of Spanish wool.
Pelt	The skin of a beast with the hair on; a raw or undressed hide; a skin preserved with the hairy or woolly covering on it. See 4th Fell.
Pelt	The human skin.
Pelt	The body of any quarry killed by the hawk.
Pelted	of Pelt
Pelting	of Pelt
Pelt	To strike with something thrown or driven; to assail with pellets or missiles, as, to pelt with stones; pelted with hail.
Pelt	To throw; to use as a missile.
Pelt	To throw missiles.
Pelt	To throw out words.
Pelt	A blow or stroke from something thrown.
Peltae	of Pelta
Pelta	A small shield, especially one of an approximately elliptic form, or crescent-shaped.
Pelta	A flat apothecium having no rim.
Peltate	Alt. of Peltated
Peltated	Shield-shaped; scutiform; (Bot.) having the stem or support attached to the lower surface, instead of at the base or margin; -- said of a leaf or other organ.
Pelter	One who pelts.
Pelter	A pinchpenny; a mean, sordid person; a miser; a skinflint.
Peltiform	Shieldlike, with the outline nearly circular; peltate.
Pelting	Mean; paltry.
Peltry	Pelts or skins, collectively; skins with the fur on them; furs.
Peltryware	Peltry.
Peludo	The South American hairy armadillo (Dasypus villosus).
Pelusiac	Of or pertaining to Pelusium, an ancient city of Egypt; as, the Pelusiac (or former eastern) outlet of the Nile.
Pelvic	Of, pertaining to, or in the region of, the pelvis; as, pelvic cellulitis.
Pelvimeter	An instrument for measuring the dimensions of the pelvis.
Pelvis	The pelvic arch, or the pelvic arch together with the sacrum. See Pelvic arch, under Pelvic, and Sacrum.
Pelvis	The calyx of a crinoid.
Pemmican	Among the North American Indians, meat cut in thin slices, divested of fat, and dried in the sun.
Pemmican	Meat, without the fat, cut in thin slices, dried in the sun, pounded, then mixed with melted fat and sometimes dried fruit, and compressed into cakes or in bags. It contains much nutriment in small compass, and is of great use in long voyages of exploration.
Pemphigus	A somewhat rare skin disease, characterized by the development of blebs upon different part of the body.
Pen	A feather.
Pen	A wing.
Pen	An instrument used for writing with ink, formerly made of a reed, or of the quill of a goose or other bird, but now also of other materials, as of steel, gold, etc. Also, originally, a stylus or other instrument for scratching or graving.
Pen	Fig.: A writer, or his style; as, he has a sharp pen.
Pen	The internal shell of a squid.
Pen	A female swan.
Penned	of Pen
Penning	of Pen
Pen	To write; to compose and commit to paper; to indite; to compose; as, to pen a sonnet.
Penned	of Pen
Pent	of Pen
Penning	of Pen
Pen	To shut up, as in a pen or cage; to confine in a small inclosure or narrow space; to coop up, or shut in; to inclose.
Pen	A small inclosure; as, a pen for sheep or for pigs.
Penal	Of or pertaining to punishment, to penalties, or to crimes and offenses; pertaining to criminal jurisprudence
Penal	Enacting or threatening punishment; as, a penal statue; the penal code.
Penal	Incurring punishment; subject to a penalty; as, a penalact of offense.
Penal	Inflicted as punishment; used as a means of punishment; as, a penal colony or settlement.
Penality	The quality or state of being penal; lability to punishment.
Penalize	To make penal.
Penalize	To put a penalty on. See Penalty, 3.
Penally	In a penal manner.
Penalties	of Penalty
Penalty	Penal retribution; punishment for crime or offense; the suffering in person or property which is annexed by law or judicial decision to the commission of a crime, offense, or trespass.
Penalty	The suffering, or the sum to be forfeited, to which a person subjects himself by covenant or agreement, in case of nonfulfillment of stipulations; forfeiture; fine.
Penalty	A handicap.
Penance	Repentance.
Penance	Pain; sorrow; suffering.
Penance	A means of repairing a sin committed, and obtaining pardon for it, consisting partly in the performance of expiatory rites, partly in voluntary submission to a punishment corresponding to the transgression. Penance is the fourth of seven sacraments in the Roman Catholic Church.
Penanced	of Penance
Penance	To impose penance; to punish.
Penanceless	Free from penance.
Penang nut	The betel nut.
Penannular	Nearly annular; having nearly the form of a ring.
Penary	Penal.
Penates	The household gods of the ancient Romans. They presided over the home and the family hearth. See Lar.
Penaunt	A penitent.
Pence	pl. of Penny. See Penny.
Pencel	A small, narrow flag or streamer borne at the top of a lance; -- called also pennoncel.
Penchant	Inclination; decided taste; bias; as, a penchant for art.
Penchute	See Penstock.
Pencil	A small, fine brush of hair or bristles used by painters for laying on colors.
Pencil	A slender cylinder or strip of black lead, colored chalk, slate etc., or such a cylinder or strip inserted in a small wooden rod intended to be pointed, or in a case, which forms a handle, -- used for drawing or writing. See Graphite.
Pencil	Hence, figuratively, an artist's ability or peculiar manner; also, in general, the act or occupation of the artist, descriptive writer, etc.
Pencil	An aggregate or collection of rays of light, especially when diverging from, or converging to, a point.
Pencil	A number of lines that intersect in one point, the point of intersection being called the pencil point.
Pencil	A small medicated bougie.
Penciled	of Pencil
Pencilled	of Pencil
Penciling	of Pencil
Pencilling	of Pencil
Pencil	To write or mark with a pencil; to paint or to draw.
Penciled	Painted, drawn, sketched, or marked with a pencil.
Penciled	Radiated; having pencils of rays.
Penciled	Marked with parallel or radiating lines.
Penciling	The work of the pencil or bruch; as, delicate penciling in a picture.
Penciling	Lines of white or black paint drawn along a mortar joint in a brick wall.
Pencillate	Alt. of Pencillated
Pencillated	Shaped like a pencil; penicillate.
Pencraft	Penmanship; skill in writing; chirography.
Pencraft	The art of composing or writing; authorship.
Pend	Oil cake; penock.
Pended	of Pend
Pending	of Pend
Pend	To hang; to depend.
Pend	To be undecided, or in process of adjustment.
Pend	To pen; to confine.
Pendant	Something which hangs or depends; something suspended; a hanging appendage, especially one of an ornamental character; as to a chandelier or an eardrop; also, an appendix or addition, as to a book.
Pendant	A hanging ornament on roofs, ceilings, etc., much used in the later styles of Gothic architecture, where it is of stone, and an important part of the construction. There are imitations in plaster and wood, which are mere decorative features.
Pendant	One of a pair; a counterpart; as, one vase is the pendant to the other vase.
Pendant	A pendulum.
Pendant	The stem and ring of a watch, by which it is suspended.
Pendence	Slope; inclination.
Pendency	The quality or state of being pendent or suspended.
Pendency	The quality or state of being undecided, or in continuance; suspense; as, the pendency of a suit.
Pendent	Supported from above; suspended; depending; pendulous; hanging; as, a pendent leaf.
Pendent	Jutting over; projecting; overhanging.
Pendentive	The portion of a vault by means of which the square space in the middle of a building is brought to an octagon or circle to receive a cupola.
Pendentive	The part of a groined vault which is supported by, and springs from, one pier or corbel.
Pendently	In a pendent manner.
Pendice	A sloping roof; a lean-to; a penthouse.
Pendicle	An appendage; something dependent on another; an appurtenance; a pendant.
Pendicler	An inferior tenant; one who rents a pendicle or croft.
Pending	Not yet decided; in continuance; in suspense; as, a pending suit.
Pending	During; as, pending the trail.
Pendragon	A chief leader or a king; a head; a dictator; -- a title assumed by the ancient British chiefs when called to lead other chiefs.
Pendular	Pendulous.
Pendulate	To swing as a pendulum.
Pendule	A pendulum.
Penduline	A European titmouse (Parus, / Aegithalus, pendulinus). It is noted for its elegant pendulous purselike nest, made of the down of willow trees and lined with feathers.
Pendulosity	The state or quality of being pendulous.
Pendulous	Depending; pendent loosely; hanging; swinging.
Pendulous	Wavering; unstable; doubtful.
Pendulous	Inclined or hanging downwards, as a flower on a recurved stalk, or an ovule which hangs from the upper part of the ovary.
Pendulously	In a pendulous manner.
Pendulousness	The quality or state of being pendulous; the state of hanging loosely; pendulosity.
Pendulums	of Pendulum
Pendulum	A body so suspended from a fixed point as to swing freely to and fro by the alternate action of gravity and momentum. It is used to regulate the movements of clockwork and other machinery.
Penelope	A genus of curassows, including the guans.
Penetrability	The quality of being penetrable; susceptibility of being penetrated, entered, or pierced.
Penetrable	Capable of being penetrated, entered, or pierced. Used also figuratively.
Penetrail	Penetralia.
Penetralia	The recesses, or innermost parts, of any thing or place, especially of a temple or palace.
Penetralia	Hidden things or secrets; privacy; sanctuary; as, the sacred penetralia of the home.
Penetrance	Alt. of Penetrancy
Penetrancy	The quality or state of being penetrant; power of entering or piercing; penetrating power of quality; as, the penetrancy of subtile effluvia.
Penetrant	Having power to enter or pierce; penetrating; sharp; subtile; as, penetrant cold.
Penetrated	of Penetrate
Penetrating	of Penetrate
Penetrate	To enter into; to make way into the interior of; to effect an entrance into; to pierce; as, light penetrates darkness.
Penetrate	To affect profoundly through the senses or feelings; to touch with feeling; to make sensible; to move deeply; as, to penetrate one's heart with pity.
Penetrate	To pierce into by the mind; to arrive at the inner contents or meaning of, as of a mysterious or difficult subject; to comprehend; to understand.
Penetrate	To pass; to make way; to pierce. Also used figuratively.
Penetrating	Having the power of entering, piercing, or pervading; sharp; subtile; penetrative; as, a penetrating odor.
Penetrating	Acute; discerning; sagacious; quick to discover; as, a penetrating mind.
Penetratingly	In a penetrating manner.
Penetration	The act or process of penetrating, piercing, or entering; also, the act of mentally penetrating into, or comprehending, anything difficult.
Penetration	Acuteness; insight; sharp discoverment; sagacity; as, a person of singular penetration.
Penetrative	Tending to penetrate; of a penetrating quality; piercing; as, the penetrative sun.
Penetrative	Having the power to affect or impress the mind or heart; impressive; as, penetrative shame.
Penetrative	Acute; discerning; sagacious; as, penetrative wisdom.
Penetrativeness	The quality of being penetrative.
Penfish	A squid.
Penfold	See Pinfold.
Pengolin	The pangolin.
Penguin	Any bird of the order Impennes, or Ptilopteri. They are covered with short, thick feathers, almost scalelike on the wings, which are without true quills. They are unable to fly, but use their wings to aid in diving, in which they are very expert. See King penguin, under Jackass.
Penguin	The egg-shaped fleshy fruit of a West Indian plant (Bromelia Pinguin) of the Pineapple family; also, the plant itself, which has rigid, pointed, and spiny-toothed leaves, and is used for hedges.
Penguinery	A breeding place, or rookery, of penguins.
Penholder	A handle for a pen.
Penhouse	A penthouse.
Penible	Painstaking; assidous.
Penicil	A tent or pledget for wounds or ulcers.
Penicillate	Having the form of a pencil; furnished with a pencil of fine hairs; ending in a tuft of hairs like a camel's-hair brush, as the stigmas of some grasses.
Penicilliform	Penicillate.
Peninsula	A portion of land nearly surrounded by water, and connected with a larger body by a neck, or isthmus.
Peninsular	Of or pertaining to a peninsula; as, a peninsular form; peninsular people; the peninsular war.
Peninsulated	of Peninsulate
Peninsulating	of Peninsulate
Peninsulate	To form into a peninsula.
Penis	The male member, or organ of generation.
Penitence	The quality or condition of being penitent; the disposition of a penitent; sorrow for sins or faults; repentance; contrition.
Penitencer	A priest who heard confession and enjoined penance in extraordinary cases.
Penitency	Penitence.
Penitent	Feeling pain or sorrow on account of sins or offenses; repentant; contrite; sincerely affected by a sense of guilt, and resolved on amendment of life.
Penitent	Doing penance.
Penitent	One who repents of sin; one sorrowful on account of his transgressions.
Penitent	One under church censure, but admitted to penance; one undergoing penance.
Penitent	One under the direction of a confessor.
Penitential	Of or pertaining to penitence, or to penance; expressing penitence; of the nature of penance; as, the penitential book; penitential tears.
Penitential	A book formerly used by priests hearing confessions, containing rules for the imposition of penances; -- called also penitential book.
Penitentially	In a penitential manner.
Penitentiary	Relating to penance, or to the rules and measures of penance.
Penitentiary	Expressive of penitence; as, a penitentiary letter.
Penitentiary	Used for punishment, discipline, and reformation.
Penitentiaries	of Penitentiary
Penitentiary	One who prescribes the rules and measures of penance.
Penitentiary	One who does penance.
Penitentiary	A small building in a monastery where penitents confessed.
Penitentiary	That part of a church to which penitents were admitted.
Penitentiary	An office of the papal court which examines cases of conscience, confession, absolution from vows, etc., and delivers decisions, dispensations, etc.  Its chief is a cardinal, called the Grand Penitentiary, appointed by the pope.
Penitentiary	An officer in some dioceses since A. D. 1215, vested with power from the bishop to absolve in cases reserved to him.
Penitentiary	A house of correction, in which offenders are confined for punishment, discipline, and reformation, and in which they are generally compelled to labor.
Penitentiaryship	The office or condition of a penitentiary of the papal court.
Penitently	In a penitent manner.
Penk	A minnow. See Pink, n., 4.
Penknives	of Penknife
Penknife	A small pocketknife; formerly, a knife used for making and mending quill pens.
Penmen	of Penman
Penman	One who uses the pen; a writer; esp., one skilled in the use of the pen; a calligrapher; a writing master.
Penman	An author; a composer.
Penmanship	The use of the pen in writing; the art of writing; style or manner of writing; chirography; as, good or bad penmanship.
Pennae	of Penna
Penna	A perfect, or normal, feather.
Pennaceous	Like or pertaining to a normal feather.
Pennach	A bunch of feathers; a plume.
Pennached	Variegated; striped.
Pennage	Feathery covering; plumage.
Pennant	A small flag; a pennon. The narrow, / long, pennant (called also whip or coach whip) is a long, narrow piece of bunting, carried at the masthead of a government vessel in commission. The board pennant is an oblong, nearly square flag, carried at the masthead of a commodore's vessel.
Pennant	A rope or strap to which a purchase is hooked.
Pennate	Alt. of Pennated
Pennated	Winged; plume-shaped.
Pennated	Same as Pinnate.
Pennatulae	of Pennatula
Pennatulas	of Pennatula
Pennatula	Any one of numerous species of Pennatula, Pteroides, and allied genera of Alcyonaria, having a featherlike form; a sea-pen. The zooids are situated along one edge of the side branches.
Pennatulacea	A division of alcyonoid corals, including the seapens and related kinds. They are able to move about by means of the hollow muscular peduncle, which also serves to support them upright in the mud. See Pennatula, and Illust. under Alcyonaria.
Penned	Winged; having plumes.
Penned	Written with a pen; composed.
Penner	One who pens; a writer.
Penner	A case for holding pens.
Penniform	Having the form of a feather or plume.
Pennigerous	Bearing feathers or quills.
Penniless	Destitute of money; impecunious; poor.
Penninerved	Pinnately veined or nerved.
Pennipotent	Strong of wing; strong on the wing.
Pennon	A wing; a pinion.
Pennon	A pennant; a flag or streamer.
Pennoncel	Alt. of Pennoncelle
Pennoncelle	See Pencel.
Penny	Denoting pound weight for one thousand; -- used in combination, with respect to nails; as, tenpenny nails, nails of which one thousand weight ten pounds.
Pennies	of Penny
Pence	of Penny
Penny	An English coin, formerly of copper, now of bronze, the twelfth part of an English shilling in account value, and equal to four farthings, or about two cents; -- usually indicated by the abbreviation d. (the initial of denarius).
Penny	Any small sum or coin; a groat; a stiver.
Penny	Money, in general; as, to turn an honest penny.
Penny	See Denarius.
Penny	Worth or costing one penny.
Penny-a-liner	One who furnishes matter to public journals at so much a line; a poor writer for hire; a hack writer.
Pennyroyal	An aromatic herb (Mentha Pulegium) of Europe; also, a North American plant (Hedeoma pulegioides) resembling it in flavor.
Pennyweight	A troy weight containing twenty-four grains, or the twentieth part of an ounce; as, a pennyweight of gold or of arsenic. It was anciently the weight of a silver penny, whence the name.
Pennywort	A European trailing herb (Linaria Cymbalaria) with roundish, reniform leaves. It is often cultivated in hanging baskets.
Pennyworth	A penny's worth; as much as may be bought for a penny.
Pennyworth	Hence: The full value of one's penny expended; due return for money laid out; a good bargain; a bargain.
Pennyworth	A small quantity; a trifle.
Penock	See Pend.
Penological	Of or pertaining to penology.
Penologist	One versed in, or a student of, penology.
Penology	The science or art of punishment.
Penrack	A rack for pens not in use.
Pens	pl. of Penny.
Pensative	Pensive.
Pensel	A pencel.
Pensible	Held aloft.
Pensile	Hanging; suspended; pendent; pendulous.
Pensileness	State or quality of being pensile; pendulousness.
Pension	A payment; a tribute; something paid or given.
Pension	A stated allowance to a person in consideration of past services; payment made to one retired from service, on account of age, disability, or other cause; especially, a regular stipend paid by a government to retired public officers, disabled soldiers, the families of soldiers killed in service, or to meritorious authors, or the like.
Pension	A certain sum of money paid to a clergyman in lieu of tithes.
Pension	A boarding house or boarding school in France, Belgium, Switzerland, etc.
Pensioned	of Pension
Pensioning	of Pension
Pension	To grant a pension to; to pay a regular stipend to; in consideration of service already performed; -- sometimes followed by off; as, to pension off a servant.
Pensionary	Maintained by a pension; receiving a pension; as, pensionary spies.
Pensionary	Consisting of a pension; as, a pensionary provision for maintenance.
Pensionaries	of Pensionary
Pensionary	One who receives a pension; a pensioner.
Pensionary	One of the chief magistrates of towns in Holland.
Pensioner	One in receipt of a pension; hence, figuratively, a dependent.
Pensioner	One of an honorable band of gentlemen who attend the sovereign of England on state occasions, and receive an annual pension, or allowance, of £150 and two horses.
Pensioner	In the university of Cambridge, England, one who pays for his living in commons; -- corresponding to commoner at Oxford.
Pensive	Thoughtful, sober, or sad; employed in serious reflection; given to, or favorable to, earnest or melancholy musing.
Pensive	Expressing or suggesting thoughtfulness with sadness; as, pensive numbers.
Pensived	Made pensive.
Pensively	In a pensive manner.
Pensiveness	The state of being pensive; serious thoughtfulness; seriousness.
Penstock	A close conduit or pipe for conducting water, as, to a water wheel, or for emptying a pond, or for domestic uses.
Penstock	The barrel of a wooden pump.
Pent	Penned or shut up; confined; -- often with up.
Penta-	A combining form denoting five; as, pentacapsular; pentagon.
Penta-	Denoting the degree of five, either as regards quality, property, or composition; as, pentasulphide; pentoxide, etc.  Also used adjectively.
Pentabasic	Capable of uniting with five molecules of a monacid base; having five acid hydrogen atoms capable of substitution by a basic radical; -- said of certain acids.
Pentacapsular	Having five capsules.
Pentachenium	A dry fruit composed of five carpels, which are covered by an epigynous calyx and separate at maturity.
Pentachloride	A chloride having five atoms of chlorine in each molecule.
Pentachord	An ancient instrument of music with five strings.
Pentachord	An order or system of five sounds.
Pentacid	Capable of neutralizing, or combining with, five molecules of a monobasic acid; having five hydrogen atoms capable of substitution by acid residues; -- said of certain complex bases.
Pentacle	A figure composed of two equilateral triangles intersecting so as to form a six-pointed star, -- used in early ornamental art, and also with superstitious import by the astrologers and mystics of the Middle Ages.
Pentacoccous	Composed of five united carpels with one seed in each, as certain fruits.
Pentaconter	See Penteconter.
Pentacrinin	A red and purple pigment found in certain crinoids of the genus Pentacrinus.
Pentacrinite	Any species of Pentacrinus.
Pentacrinoid	An immature comatula when it is still attached by a stem, and thus resembles a Pentacrinus.
Pentacrinus	A genus of large, stalked crinoids, of which several species occur in deep water among the West Indies and elsewhere.
Pentacra	of Pentacron
Pentacrons	of Pentacron
Pentacron	A solid having five summits or angular points.
Pentacrostic	A set of verses so disposed that the name forming the subject of the acrostic occurs five times -- the whole set of verses being divided into five different parts from top to bottom.
Pentad	Any element, atom, or radical, having a valence of five, or which can be combined with, substituted for, or compared with, five atoms of hydrogen or other monad; as, nitrogen is a pentad in the ammonium compounds.
Pentad	Having the valence of a pentad.
Pentadactyl	Alt. of Pentadactyle
Pentadactyle	Having five digits to the hand or foot.
Pentadactyle	Having five appendages resembling fingers or toes.
Pentadactyloid	Having the form of, or a structure modified from, a pentadactyl limb.
Pentadecane	A hydrocarbon of the paraffin series, (C15H32) found in petroleum, tar oil, etc., and obtained as a colorless liquid; -- so called from the fifteen carbon atoms in the molecule.
Pentadecatoic	Of, pertaining to, or derived from, pentadecane, or designating an acid related to it.
Pentadecylic	Same as Quindecylic.
Pentadelphous	Having the stamens arranged in five clusters, those of each cluster having their filaments more or less united, as the flowers of the linden.
Pentafid	Divided or cleft into five parts.
Pentaglot	A work in five different tongues.
Pentagon	A plane figure having five angles, and, consequently, five sides; any figure having five angles.
Pentagonal	Having five corners or angles.
Pentagonally	In the form of a pentagon; with five angles.
Pentagonous	Pentagonal.
Pentagram	A pentacle or a pentalpha.
Pentagraphic	Alt. of Pentagraphical
Pentagraphical	Pantographic. See Pantograph.
Pentagynia	A Linnaean order of plants, having five styles or pistils.
Pentagynian	Alt. of Pentagynous
Pentagynous	Of or pertaining to plants of the order Pentagyna; having five styles.
Pentahedral	Having five sides; as, a pentahedral figure.
Pentahedrical	Pentahedral.
Pentahedron	A solid figure having five sides.
Pentahedrous	Pentahedral.
Pentail	A peculiar insectivore (Ptilocercus Lowii) of Borneo; -- so called from its very long, quill-shaped tail, which is scaly at the base and plumose at the tip.
Pentalpha	A five-pointed star, resembling five alphas joined at their bases; -- used as a symbol.
Pentamera	An extensive division of Coleoptera, including those that normally have five-jointed tarsi. It embraces about half of all the known species of the Coleoptera.
Pentameran	One of the Pentamera.
Pentamerous	Divided into, or consisting of, five parts; also, arranged in sets, with five parts in each set, as a flower with five sepals, five petals, five, or twice five, stamens, and five pistils.
Pentamerous	Belonging to the Pentamera.
Pentamerus	A genus of extinct Paleozoic brachiopods, often very abundant in the Upper Silurian.
Pentameter	A verse of five feet.
Pentameter	Having five metrical feet.
Pentamethylene	A hypothetical hydrocarbon, C5H10, metameric with the amylenes, and the nucleus of a large number of derivatives; -- so named because regarded as composed of five methylene residues.  Cf. Trimethylene, and Tetramethylene.
Pentandria	A Linnaean class of plants having five separate stamens.
Pentandrian	Alt. of Pentandrous
Pentandrous	Of or pertaining to the class Pentadria; having five stamens.
Pentane	Any one of the three metameric hydrocarbons, C5H12, of the methane or paraffin series. They are colorless, volatile liquids, two of which occur in petroleum. So called because of the five carbon atoms in the molecule.
Pentangle	A pentagon.
Pentangular	Having five corners or angles.
Pentapetalous	Having five petals, or flower leaves.
Pentaphyllous	Having five leaves or leaflets.
Pentapody	A measure or series consisting of five feet.
Pentaptote	A noun having five cases.
Pentaptych	A picture, or combination of pictures, consisting of a centerpiece and double folding doors or wings, as for an altarpiece.
Pentarchy	A government in the hands of five persons; five joint rulers.
Pentaspast	A purchase with five pulleys.
Pentaspermous	Containing five seeds.
Pentastich	A composition consisting of five verses.
Pentastichous	Having, or arranged in, five vertical ranks, as the leaves of an apple tree or a cherry tree.
Pentastomida	Same as Linguatulina.
Pentastyle	Having five columns in front; -- said of a temple or portico in classical architecture.
Pentastyle	A portico having five columns.
Pentateuch	The first five books of the Old Testament, collectively; -- called also the Law of Moses, Book of the Law of Moses, etc.
Pentateuchal	Of or pertaining to the Pentateuch.
Pentathionic	Pertaining to, or designating, an acid of sulphur obtained by leading hydrogen sulphide into a solution of sulphur dioxide; -- so called because it contains five atoms of sulphur.
Pentathlon	A fivefold athletic performance peculiar to the great national games of the Greeks, including leaping, foot racing, wrestling, throwing the discus, and throwing the spear.
Pentatomic	Having five atoms in the molecule.
Pentatomic	Having five hydrogen atoms capable of substitution.
Pentavalent	Having a valence of five; -- said of certain atoms and radicals.
Penteconter	A Grecian vessel with fifty oars.
Pentecost	A solemn festival of the Jews; -- so called because celebrated on the fiftieth day (seven weeks) after the second day of the Passover (which fell on the sixteenth of the Jewish month Nisan); -- hence called, also, the Feast of Weeks. At this festival an offering of the first fruits of the harvest was made. By the Jews it was generally regarded as commemorative of the gift of the law on the fiftieth day after the departure from Egypt.
Pentecost	A festival of the Roman Catholic and other churches in commemoration of the descent of the Holy Spirit on the apostles; which occurred on the day of Pentecost; -- called also Whitsunday.
Pentecostal	Of or pertaining to Pentecost or to Whitsuntide.
Pentecostals	Offerings formerly made to the parish priest, or to the mother church, at Pentecost.
Pentecoster	An officer in the Spartan army commanding fifty men.
Pentecosties	of Pentecosty
Pentecosty	A troop of fifty soldiers in the Spartan army; -- called also pentecostys.
Pentelic	Alt. of Pentelican
Pentelican	Of or pertaining to Mount Pentelicus, near Athens, famous for its fine white marble quarries; obtained from Mount Pentelicus; as, the Pentelic marble of which the Parthenon is built.
Pentene	Same as Amylene.
Penthouse	A shed or roof sloping from the main wall or building, as over a door or window; a lean-to. Also figuratively.
Penthouse	Leaning; overhanging.
Pentice	A penthouse.
Pentile	See Pantile.
Pentine	An unsaturated hydrocarbon, C5H8, of the acetylene series. Same as Valerylene.
Pentoic	Pertaining to, or desingating, an acid (called also valeric acid) derived from pentane.
Pentone	Same as Valylene.
Pentoxide	An oxide containing five atoms of oxygen in each molecule; as, phosphorus pentoxide, P2O5.
Pentremite	Any species of Pentremites.
Pentremites	A genus of crinoids belonging to the Blastoidea. They have five petal-like ambulacra.
Pentroof	See Lean-to.
Pentrough	A penstock.
Pentyl	The hypothetical radical, C5H11, of pentane and certain of its derivatives. Same as Amyl.
Pentylic	Pertaining to, derived from, or containing, pentyl; as, pentylic alcohol
Penuchle	Alt. of Pinocle
Pinocle	A game at cards, played with forty-eight cards, being all the cards above the eight spots in two packs.
Penult	The last syllable but one of a word; the syllable preceding the final one.
Penultima	Same as Penult.
Penultimate	Last but one; as, the penultimate syllable, the last syllable but one of a word.
Penultimate	The penult.
Penumbra	An incomplete or partial shadow.
Penumbra	The shadow cast, in an eclipse, where the light is partly, but not wholly, cut off by the intervening body; the space of partial illumination between the umbra, or perfect shadow, on all sides, and the full light.
Penumbra	The part of a picture where the shade imperceptibly blends with the light.
Penumbrala	Of or pertaining to a penumbra; resembling a penumbra; partially illuminated.
Penurious	Excessively sparing in the use of money; sordid; stingy; miserly.
Penurious	Not bountiful or liberal; scanty.
Penurious	Destitute of money; suffering extreme want.
Penury	Absence of resources; want; privation; indigence; extreme poverty; destitution.
Penury	Penuriousness; miserliness.
Penwiper	A cloth, or other material, for wiping off or cleaning ink from a pen.
Penwomen	of Penwoman
Penwoman	A female writer; an authoress.
Peon	See Poon.
Peon	A foot soldier; a policeman; also, an office attendant; a messenger.
Peon	A day laborer; a servant; especially, in some of the Spanish American countries, debtor held by his creditor in a form of qualified servitude, to work out a debt.
Peon	See 2d Pawn.
Peonage	The condition of a peon.
Peonism	Same as Peonage.
Peonies	of Peony
Peony	A plant, and its flower, of the ranunculaceous genus Paeonia. Of the four or five species, one is a shrub; the rest are perennial herbs with showy flowers, often double in cultivation.
People	The body of persons who compose a community, tribe, nation, or race; an aggregate of individuals forming a whole; a community; a nation.
People	Persons, generally; an indefinite number of men and women; folks; population, or part of population; as, country people; -- sometimes used as an indefinite subject or verb, like on in French, and man in German; as, people in adversity.
People	The mass of comunity as distinguished from a special class; the commonalty; the populace; the vulgar; the common crowd; as, nobles and people.
People	One's ancestors or family; kindred; relations; as, my people were English.
People	One's subjects; fellow citizens; companions; followers.
Peopled	of People
Peopling	of People
People	To stock with people or inhabitants; to fill as with people; to populate.
Peopled	Stocked with, or as with, people; inhabited.
Peopleless	Destitute of people.
Peopler	A settler; an inhabitant.
Peoplish	Vulgar.
Peorias	An Algonquin tribe of Indians who formerly inhabited a part of Illinois.
Pepastic	Same as Maturative.
Peperine	Alt. of Peperino
Peperino	A volcanic rock, formed by the cementing together of sand, scoria, cinders, etc.
Peplis	A genus of plants including water purslane.
Peplus	An upper garment worn by Grecian and Roman women.
Peplus	A kind of kerchief formerly worn by Englishwomen.
Pepo	Any fleshy fruit with a firm rind, as a pumpkin, melon, or gourd. See Gourd.
Pepper	A well-known, pungently aromatic condiment, the dried berry, either whole or powdered, of the Piper nigrum.
Pepper	The plant which yields pepper, an East Indian woody climber (Piper nigrum), with ovate leaves and apetalous flowers in spikes opposite the leaves. The berries are red when ripe. Also, by extension, any one of the several hundred species of the genus Piper, widely dispersed throughout the tropical and subtropical regions of the earth.
Pepper	Any plant of the genus Capsicum, and its fruit; red pepper; as, the bell pepper.
Peppered	of Pepper
Peppering	of Pepper
Pepper	To sprinkle or season with pepper.
Pepper	Figuratively: To shower shot or other missiles, or blows, upon; to pelt; to fill with shot, or cover with bruises or wounds.
Pepper	To fire numerous shots (at).
Pepperbrand	See 1st Bunt.
Peppercorn	A dried berry of the black pepper (Piper nigrum).
Peppercorn	Anything insignificant; a particle.
Pepper dulse	A variety of edible seaweed (Laurencia pinnatifida) distinguished for its pungency.
Pepperer	A grocer; -- formerly so called because he sold pepper.
Peppergrass	Any herb of the cruciferous genus Lepidium, especially the garden peppergrass, or garden cress, Lepidium sativum; -- called also pepperwort. All the species have a pungent flavor.
Peppergrass	The common pillwort of Europe (Pilularia globulifera). See Pillwort.
Pepperidge	A North American tree (Nyssa multiflora) with very tough wood, handsome oval polished leaves, and very acid berries, -- the sour gum, or common tupelo. See Tupelo.
Peppering	Hot; pungent; peppery.
Peppermint	An aromatic and pungent plant of the genus Mentha (M. piperita), much used in medicine and confectionery.
Peppermint	A volatile oil (oil of peppermint) distilled from the fresh herb; also, a well-known essence or spirit (essence of peppermint) obtained from it.
Peppermint	A lozenge of sugar flavored with peppermint.
Pepperwort	See Peppergrass.
Peppery	Of or pertaining to pepper; having the qualities of pepper; hot; pungent.
Peppery	Fig.: Hot-tempered; passionate; choleric.
Pepsin	An unorganized proteolytic ferment or enzyme contained in the secretory glands of the stomach. In the gastric juice it is united with dilute hydrochloric acid (0.2 per cent, approximately) and the two together constitute the active portion of the digestive fluid. It is the active agent in the gastric juice of all animals.
Pepsinhydrochloric	Same as Peptohydrochloric.
Pepsinogen	The antecedent of the ferment pepsin. A substance contained in the form of granules in the peptic cells of the gastric glands. It is readily convertible into pepsin. Also called propepsin.
Peptic	Relating to digestion; promoting digestion; digestive; as, peptic sauces.
Peptic	Able to digest.
Peptic	Pertaining to pepsin; resembling pepsin in its power of digesting or dissolving albuminous matter; containing or yielding pepsin, or a body of like properties; as, the peptic glands.
Peptic	An agent that promotes digestion.
Peptic	The digestive organs.
Peptics	The science of digestion.
Peptogen	A substance convertible into peptone.
Peptogenic	Same as Peptogenous.
Peptogenous	Capable of yielding, or being converted into, peptone.
Peptohydrochloric	Designating a hypothetical acid (called peptohydrochloric acid, pepsinhydrochloric acid, and chloropeptic acid) which is supposed to be formed when pepsin and dilute (0.1-0.4 per cent) hydrochloric acid are mixed together.
Peptone	The soluble and diffusible substance or substances into which albuminous portions of the food are transformed by the action of the gastric and pancreatic juices. Peptones are also formed from albuminous matter by the action of boiling water and boiling dilute acids.
Peptone	Collectively, in a broader sense, all the products resulting from the solution of albuminous matter in either gastric or pancreatic juice. In this case, however, intermediate products (albumose bodies), such as antialbumose, hemialbumose, etc., are mixed with the true peptones. Also termed albuminose.
Peptonize	To convert into peptone; to digest or dissolve by means of a proteolytic ferment; as, peptonized food.
Peptonoid	A substance related to peptone.
Peptonuria	The presence of peptone, or a peptonelike body, in the urine.
Peptotoxine	A toxic alkaloid found occasionally associated with the peptones formed from fibrin by pepsinhydrochloric acid.
Pequots	A tribe of Indians who formerly inhabited Eastern Connecticut.
Per-	A prefix used to signify through, throughout, by, for, or as an intensive as perhaps, by hap or chance; perennial, that lasts throughout the year; perforce, through or by force; perfoliate, perforate; perspicuous, evident throughout or very evident; perplex, literally, to entangle very much.
Per-	Originally, denoting that the element to the name of which it is prefixed in the respective compounds exercised its highest valence; now, only that the element has a higher valence than in other similar compounds; thus, barium peroxide is the highest oxide of barium; while nitrogen and manganese peroxides, so-called, are not the highest oxides of those elements.
Per	Through; by means of; through the agency of; by; for; for each; as, per annum; per capita, by heads, or according to individuals; per curiam, by the court; per se, by itself, of itself.  Per is also sometimes used with English words.
Peract	To go through with; to perform.
Peracute	Very sharp; very violent; as, a peracute fever.
Peradventure	By chance; perhaps; it may be; if; supposing.
Peradventure	Chance; hap; hence, doubt; question; as, proved beyond peradventure.
Peraeopod	One of the thoracic legs of a crustacean. See Illust. of Crustacea.
Peragrate	To travel over or through.
Peragration	The act or state of passing through any space; as, the peragration of the moon in her monthly revolution.
Perambulated	of Perambulate
Perambulating	of Perambulate
Perambulate	To walk through or over; especially, to travel over for the purpose of surveying or examining; to inspect by traversing; specifically, to inspect officially the boundaries of, as of a town or parish, by walking over the whole line.
Perambulate	To walk about; to ramble; to stroll; as, he perambulated in the park.
Perambulation	The act of perambulating; traversing.
Perambulation	An annual survey of boundaries, as of town, a parish, a forest, etc.
Perambulation	A district within which one is authorized to make a tour of inspection.
Perambulator	One who perambulates.
Perambulator	A surveyor's instrument for measuring distances. It consists of a wheel arranged to roll along over the ground, with an apparatus of clockwork, and a dial plate upon which the distance traveled is shown by an index. See Odometer.
Perambulator	A low carriage for a child, propelled by pushing.
Perameles	Any marsupial of the genus Perameles, which includes numerous species found in Australia. They somewhat resemble rabbits in size and form. See Illust. under Bandicoot.
Perbend	See Perpender.
Perbreak	See Parbreak.
Perbromate	A salt of perbromic acid.
Perbromic	Pertaining to, or designating, the highest oxygen acid, HBrO4, of bromine.
Perbromide	A bromide having a higher proportion of bromine than any other bromide of the same substance or series.
Perca	A genus of fishes, including the fresh-water perch.
Percale	A fine cotton fabric, having a linen finish, and often printed on one side, -- used for women's and children's wear.
Percaline	A fine kind of French cotton goods, usually of one color.
Percarbide	A compound containing a relatively large amount of carbon.
Percarburet	A percarbide.
Percarbureted	Combined with a relatively large amount of carbon.
Percase	Perhaps; perchance.
Perce	To pierce.
Perceivable	Capable of being perceived; perceptible.
Perceivance	Power of perceiving.
Perceived	of Perceive
Perceiving	of Perceive
Perceive	To obtain knowledge of through the senses; to receive impressions from by means of the bodily organs; to take cognizance of the existence, character, or identity of, by means of the senses; to see, hear, or feel; as, to perceive a distant ship; to perceive a discord.
Perceive	To take intellectual cognizance of; to apprehend by the mind; to be convinced of by direct intuition; to note; to remark; to discern; to see; to understand.
Perceive	To be affected of influented by.
Perceiver	One who perceives (in any of the senses of the verb).
Percely	Parsley.
Percentage	A certain rate per cent; the allowance, duty, rate of interest, discount, or commission, on a hundred.
Percept	That which is perceived.
Perceptibility	The quality or state of being perceptible; as, the perceptibility of light or color.
Perceptibility	Perception.
Perceptible	Capable of being perceived; cognizable; discernible; perceivable.
Perception	The act of perceiving; cognizance by the senses or intellect; apperhension by the bodily organs, or by the mind, of what is presented to them; discernment; apperhension; cognition.
Perception	The faculty of perceiving; the faculty, or peculiar part, of man's constitution by which he has knowledge through the medium or instrumentality of the bodily organs; the act of apperhending material objects or qualities through the senses; -- distinguished from conception.
Perception	The quality, state, or capability, of being affected by something external; sensation; sensibility.
Perception	An idea; a notion.
Perceptive	Of or pertaining to the act or power of perceiving; having the faculty or power of perceiving; used in perception.
Perceptivity	The quality or state of being perceptive; power of perception.
Percesoces	An order of fishes including the gray mullets (Mugil), the barracudas, the silversides, and other related fishes. So called from their relation both to perches and to pikes.
Perch	Any fresh-water fish of the genus Perca and of several other allied genera of the family Percidae, as the common American or yellow perch (Perca flavescens, / Americana), and the European perch (P. fluviatilis).
Perch	Any one of numerous species of spiny-finned fishes belonging to the Percidae, Serranidae, and related families, and resembling, more or less, the true perches.
Perch	A pole; a long staff; a rod; esp., a pole or other support for fowls to roost on or to rest on; a roost; figuratively, any elevated resting place or seat.
Perch	A measure of length containing five and a half yards; a rod, or pole.
Perch	In land or square measure: A square rod; the 160th part of an acre.
Perch	In solid measure: A mass 16/ feet long, 1 foot in height, and 1/ feet in breadth, or 24/ cubic feet (in local use, from 22 to 25 cubic feet); -- used in measuring stonework.
Perch	A pole connecting the fore gear and hind gear of a spring carriage; a reach.
Perched	of Perch
Perching	of Perch
Perch	To alight or settle, as a bird; to sit or roost.
Perch	To place or to set on, or as on, a perch.
Perch	To occupy as a perch.
Perchance	By chance; perhaps; peradventure.
Perchant	A bird tied by the foot, to serve as decoy to other birds by its fluttering.
Percher	One who, or that which, perches.
Percher	One of the Insessores.
Percher	A Paris candle anciently used in England; also, a large wax candle formerly set upon the altar.
Percheron	One of a breed of draught horses originating in Perche, an old district of France; -- called also Percheron-Norman.
Perchlorate	A salt of perchloric acid.
Perchloric	Pertaining to, or designating, the highest oxygen acid (HClO4), of chlorine; -- called also hyperchloric.
Perchloride	A chloride having a higher proportion of chlorine than any other chloride of the same substance or series.
Perchromic	Pertaining to, or designating, a certain one of the highly oxidized compounds of chromium, which has a deep blue color, and is produced by the action of hydrogen peroxide.
Perciform	Pertaining to the Perciformes.
Perciformes	An extensive tribe or suborder of fishes, including the true perches (Percidae); the pondfishes (Centrarchidae); the sciaenoids (Sciaenidae); the sparoids (Sparidae); the serranoids (Serranidae), and some other related families.
Percipience	Alt. of Percipiency
Percipiency	The faculty, act or power of perceiving; perception.
Percipient	Having the faculty of perception; perceiving; as, a percipient being.
Percipient	One who, or that which, is percipient.
Perclose	Same as Parclose.
Perclose	Conclusion; end.
Percoid	Belonging to, or resembling, the perches, or family Percidae.
Percoid	Any fish of the genus Perca, or allied genera of the family Percidae.
Percoidea	Same as Perciformes.
Percolated	of Percolate
Percolating	of Percolate
Percolate	To cause to pass through fine interstices, as a liquor; to filter; to strain.
Percolate	To pass through fine interstices; to filter; as, water percolates through porous stone.
Percolation	The act or process of percolating, or filtering; filtration; straining. Specifically (Pharm.), the process of exhausting the virtues of a powdered drug by letting a liquid filter slowly through it.
Percolator	One who, or that which, filters.
Percomorphi	A division of fishes including the perches and related kinds.
Perculaced	Latticed. See Lattice, n., 2.
Percurrent	Running through the entire length.
Percursory	Running over slightly or in haste; cursory.
Percussed	of Percuss
Percussing	of Percuss
Percuss	To strike smartly; to strike upon or against; as, to percuss the chest in medical examination.
Percuss	To strike or tap in an examination by percussion. See Percussion, 3.
Percussion	The act of percussing, or striking one body against another; forcible collision, esp. such as gives a sound or report.
Percussion	Hence: The effect of violent collision; vibratory shock; impression of sound on the ear.
Percussion	The act of tapping or striking the surface of the body in order to learn the condition of the parts beneath by the sound emitted or the sensation imparted to the fingers. Percussion is said to be immediate if the blow is directly upon the body; if some interventing substance, as a pleximeter, is, used, it is called mediate.
Percussive	Striking against; percutient; as, percussive force.
Percutient	Striking; having the power of striking.
Percutient	That which strikes, or has power to strike.
Perdicine	Of or pertaining to the family Perdicidae, or partridges.
Perdie	See Parde.
Perdifoil	A deciduous plant; -- opposed to evergreen.
Perdition	Entire loss; utter destruction; ruin; esp., the utter loss of the soul, or of final happiness in a future state; future misery or eternal death.
Perdition	Loss of diminution.
Perditionable	Capable of being ruined; worthy of perdition.
Perdix	A genus of birds including the common European partridge. Formerly the word was used in a much wider sense to include many allied genera.
Perdu	One placed on watch, or in ambush.
Perdu	A soldier sent on a forlorn hope.
Perdu	Alt. of Perdue
Perdue	Lost to view; in concealment or ambush; close.
Perdue	Accustomed to, or employed in, desperate enterprises; hence, reckless; hopeless.
Perduellion	Treason.
Perdulous	Lost; thrown away.
Perdurability	Durability; lastingness.
Perdurable	Very durable; lasting; continuing long.
Perdurance	Alt. of Perduration
Perduration	Long continuance.
Perdure	To last or endure for a long time; to be perdurable or lasting.
Perdy	Truly. See Parde.
Pere	A peer.
Peregal	Fully equal.
Peregrinate	To travel from place to place, or from one country to another; hence, to sojourn in foreign countries.
Peregrinate	Having traveled; foreign.
Peregrination	A traveling from one country to another; a wandering; sojourn in foreign countries.
Peregrinator	One who peregrinates; one who travels about.
Peregrine	Foreign; not native; extrinsic or from without; exotic.
Peregrine	The peregrine falcon.
Peregrinity	Foreignness; strangeness.
Peregrinity	Travel; wandering.
Perel	Apparel.
Perempt	To destroy; to defeat.
Peremption	A quashing; a defeating.
Peremptorily	In a peremptory manner; absolutely; positively.
Peremptoriness	The quality of being peremptory; positiveness.
Peremptory	Precluding debate or expostulation; not admitting of question or appeal; positive; absolute; decisive; conclusive; final.
Peremptory	Positive in opinion or judgment; decided; dictatorial; dogmatical.
Peremptory	Firmly determined; unawed.
Perennial	ing or continuing through the year; as, perennial fountains.
Perennial	Continuing without cessation or intermission; perpetual; unceasing; never failing.
Perennial	Continuing more than two years; as, a perennial steam, or root, or plant.
Perennial	A perennial plant; a plant which lives or continues more than two years, whether it retains its leaves in winter or not.
Perennially	In a perennial manner.
Perennibranchiata	Those Batrachia which retain their gills through life, as the menobranchus.
Perennibranchiate	Having branchae, or gills, through life; -- said especially of certain Amphibia, like the menobranchus. Opposed to caducibranchiate.
Perennibranchiate	Belonging to the Perennibranchiata.
Perennity	The quality of being perennial.
Pererration	A wandering, or rambling, through various places.
Perfect	Brought to consummation or completeness; completed; not defective nor redundant; having all the properties or qualities requisite to its nature and kind; without flaw, fault, or blemish; without error; mature; whole; pure; sound; right; correct.
Perfect	Well informed; certain; sure.
Perfect	Hermaphrodite; having both stamens and pistils; -- said of flower.
Perfect	The perfect tense, or a form in that tense.
Perfected	of Perfect
Perfecting	of Perfect
Perfect	To make perfect; to finish or complete, so as to leave nothing wanting; to give to anything all that is requisite to its nature and kind.
Perfecter	One who, or that which, makes perfect.
Perfectibilian	A perfectionist.
Perfectibilist	A perfectionist. See also Illuminati, 2.
Perfectibility	The quality or state of being perfectible.
Perfectible	Capable of becoming, or being made, perfect.
Perfection	The quality or state of being perfect or complete, so that nothing requisite is wanting; entire development; consummate culture, skill, or moral excellence; the highest attainable state or degree of excellence; maturity; as, perfection in an art, in a science, or in a system; perfection in form or degree; fruits in perfection.
Perfection	A quality, endowment, or acquirement completely excellent; an ideal faultlessness; especially, the divine attribute of complete excellence.
Perfection	To perfect.
Perfectional	Of or pertaining to perfection; characterized by perfection.
Perfectionate	To perfect.
Perfectionism	The doctrine of the Perfectionists.
Perfectionist	One pretending to perfection; esp., one pretending to moral perfection; one who believes that persons may and do attain to moral perfection and sinlessness in this life.
Perfectionment	The act of bringing to perfection, or the state of having attained to perfection.
Perfective	Tending or conducing to make perfect, or to bring to perfection; -- usually followed by of.
Perfectively	In a perfective manner.
Perfectly	In a perfect manner or degree; in or to perfection; completely; wholly; throughly; faultlessly.
Perfectness	The quality or state of being perfect; perfection.
Perfervid	Very fervid; too fervid; glowing; ardent.
Perficient	Making or doing throughly; efficient; effectual.
Perficient	One who performs or perfects a work; especially, one who endows a charity.
Perfidious	Guilty of perfidy; violating good faith or vows; false to trust or confidence reposed; teacherous; faithless; as, a perfidious friend.
Perfidious	Involving, or characterized by, perfidy.
Perfidiously	In a perfidious manner.
Perfidiousness	The quality of being perfidious; perfidy.
Perfidies	of Perfidy
Perfidy	The act of violating faith or allegiance; violation of a promise or vow, or of trust reposed; faithlessness; treachery.
Perfit	Perfect.
Perfix	To fix surely; to appoint.
Perflable	Capable of being blown through.
Perflate	To blow through.
Perflation	The act of perflating.
Perfoliate	Having the basal part produced around the stem; -- said of leaves which the stem apparently passes directory through.
Perfoliate	Surrounded by a circle of hairs, or projections of any kind.
Perforata	A division of corals including those that have a porous texture, as Porites and Madrepora; -- opposed to Aporosa.
Perforata	A division of Foraminifera, including those having perforated shells.
Perforated	of Perforate
Perforating	of Perforate
Perforate	To bore through; to pierce through with a pointed instrument; to make a hole or holes through by boring or piercing; to pierce or penetrate the surface of.
Perforate	Alt. of Perforated
Perforated	Pierced with a hole or holes, or with pores; having transparent dots resembling holes.
Perforation	The act of perforating, or of boring or piercing through.
Perforation	A hole made by boring or piercing; an aperture.
Perforative	Having power to perforate or pierce.
Perforator	One who, or that which, perforates; esp., a cephalotome.
Perforce	By force; of necessary; at any rate.
Perforce	To force; to compel.
Performed	of Perform
Performing	of Perform
Perform	To carry through; to bring to completion; to achieve; to accomplish; to execute; to do.
Perform	To discharge; to fulfill; to act up to; as, to perform a duty; to perform a promise or a vow.
Perform	To represent; to act; to play; as in drama.
Perform	To do, execute, or accomplish something; to acquit one's self in any business; esp., to represent sometimes by action; to act a part; to play on a musical instrument; as, the players perform poorly; the musician performs on the organ.
Performable	Admitting of being performed, done, or executed; practicable.
Performance	The act of performing; the carrying into execution or action; execution; achievement; accomplishment; representation by action; as, the performance of an undertaking of a duty.
Performance	That which is performed or accomplished; a thing done or carried through; an achievement; a deed; an act; a feat; esp., an action of an elaborate or public character.
Performer	One who performs, accomplishes, or fulfills; as, a good promiser, but a bad performer; especially, one who shows skill and training in any art; as, a performer of the drama; a performer on the harp.
Perfricate	To rub over.
Perfumatory	Emitting perfume; perfuming.
Perfumed	of Perfume
Perfuming	of Perfume
Perfume	To fill or impregnate with a perfume; to scent.
Perfume	The scent, odor, or odoriferous particles emitted from a sweet-smelling substance; a pleasant odor; fragrance; aroma.
Perfume	A substance that emits an agreeable odor.
Perfumer	One who, oe that which, perfumes.
Perfumer	One whose trade is to make or sell perfumes.
Perfumery	Perfumes, in general.
Perfumery	The art of preparing perfumes.
Perfunctorily	In a perfunctory manner; formally; carelessly.
Perfunctoriness	The quality or state of being perfunctory.
Perfunctory	Done merely to get rid of a duty; performed mechanically and as a thing of rote; done in a careless and superficial manner; characterized by indifference; as, perfunctory admonitions.
Perfunctory	Hence: Mechanical; indifferent; listless; careless.
Perfuncturate	To perform in a perfunctory manner; to do negligently.
Perfused	of Perfuse
Perfusing	of Perfuse
Perfuse	To suffuse; to fill full or to excess.
Perfusion	The act of perfusing.
Perfusive	Of a nature to flow over, or to spread through.
Pergamenous	Alt. of Pergamentaceous
Pergamentaceous	Like parchment.
Perhaps	By chance; peradventure; perchance; it may be.
Peri-	A prefix used to signify around, by, near, over, beyond, or to give an intensive sense; as, perimeter, the measure around; perigee, point near the earth; periergy, work beyond what is needed; perispherical, quite spherical.
Peris	of Peri
Peri	An imaginary being, male or female, like an elf or fairy, represented as a descendant of fallen angels, excluded from paradise till penance is accomplished.
Periagua	See Pirogue.
Perianth	The leaves of a flower generally, especially when the calyx and corolla are not readily distinguished.
Perianth	A saclike involucre which incloses the young fruit in most hepatic mosses. See Illust. of Hepatica.
Perianthium	The perianth.
Periapt	A charm worn as a protection against disease or mischief; an amulet.
Periastral	Among or around the stars.
Periastron	That point, in the real or apparent orbit of one star revolving around another, at which the former is nearest to the latter.
Periauger	See Pirogue.
Periblast	The protoplasmic matter which surrounds the entoblast, or cell nucleus, and undergoes segmentation.
Periblem	Nascent cortex, or immature cellular bark.
Peribolos	In ancient architecture, an inclosed court, esp., one surrounding a temple.
Peribranchial	Surrounding the branchiae; as, a peribranchial cavity.
Peribranchial	Around the bronchi or bronchial tubes; as, the peribronchial lymphatics.
Pericambium	A layer of thin-walled young cells in a growing stem, in which layer certain new vessels originate.
Pericardiac	Alt. of Pericardial
Pericardial	Of or pertaining to pericardium; situated around the heart.
Pericardian	Pericardiac.
Pericardic	Pericardiac.
Pericarditus	Inflammation of the pericardium.
Pericardium	The double baglike fold of serous membrane which incloses the heart.
Pericarp	The ripened ovary; the walls of the fruit. See Illusts. of Capsule, Drupe, and Legume.
Pericarpial	Alt. of Pericarpic
Pericarpic	Of or pertaining to a pericarp.
Pericellular	Surrounding a cell; as, the pericellular lymph spaces surrounding ganglion cells.
Perichaeth	The leafy involucre surrounding the fruit stalk of mosses; perichaetium; perichete.
Perichaetial	Of or pertaining to the perichaeth.
Perichaetia	of Perichaetium
Perichaetium	Same as Perichaeth.
Perichaetous	Surrounded by setae; -- said of certain earthworms (genus Perichaetus).
Perichete	Same as Perichaeth.
Perichondrial	Of or pertaining to the perichondrium; situated around cartilage.
Perichondritis	Inflammation of the perichondrium.
Perichondrium	The membrane of fibrous connective tissue which closely invests cartilage, except where covering articular surfaces.
Perichordal	Around the notochord; as, a perichordal column. See Epichordal.
Periclase	Alt. of Periclasite
Periclasite	A grayish or dark green mineral, consisting essentially of magnesia (magnesium oxide), occurring in granular forms or in isometric crystals.
Periclinia	of Periclinium
Periclinium	The involucre which surrounds the common receptacle in composite flowers.
Periclitate	To endanger.
Periclitation	Trial; experiment.
Periclitation	The state of being in peril.
Pericope	A selection or extract from a book; especially (Theol.), a selection from the Bible, appointed to be read in the churches or used as a text for a sermon.
Pericranial	Of or pertaining to the pericranium.
Pericranium	The periosteum which covers the cranium externally; the region around the cranium.
Periculous	Dangerous; full of peril.
Pericula	of Periculum
Periculum	Danger; risk.
Periculum	In a narrower, judicial sense: Accident or casus, as distinguished from dolus and culpa, and hence relieving one from the duty of performing an obligation.
Periderm	The outer layer of bark.
Periderm	The hard outer covering of hydroids and other marine animals; the perisarc.
Peridiastole	The almost inappreciable time which elapses between the systole and the diastole of the heart.
Peridia	of Peridium
Peridium	The envelope or coat of certain fungi, such as the puffballs and earthstars.
Peridot	Chrysolite.
Peridotite	An eruptive rock characterized by the presence of chrysolite (peridot). It also usually contains pyroxene, enstatite, chromite, etc. It is often altered to serpentine.
Peridrome	The space between the columns and the wall of the cella, in a Greek or a Roman temple.
Periecians	See Perioecians.
Perienteron	The primitive perivisceral cavity.
Periergy	Excessive care or diligence.
Periergy	A bombastic or labored style.
Periganglionic	Surrounding a ganglion; as, the periganglionic glands of the frog.
Perigastric	Surrounding the stomach; -- applied to the body cavity of Bryozoa and various other Invertebrata.
Perigean	Pertaining to the perigee.
Perigee	Alt. of Perigeum
Perigeum	That point in the orbit of the moon which is nearest to the earth; -- opposed to apogee. It is sometimes, but rarely, used of the nearest points of other orbits, as of a comet, a planet, etc. Called also epigee, epigeum.
Perigenesis	A theory which explains inheritance by the transmission of the type of growth force possessed by one generation to another.
Perigenetic	Of or pertaining to perigenesis.
Perigone	Any organ inclosing the essential organs of a flower; a perianth.
Perigone	In mosses, the involucral bracts of a male flower.
Perigone	A sac which surrounds the generative bodies in the gonophore of a hydroid.
Perigonia	of Perigonium
Perigonium	Same as Perigone.
Perigord pie	A pie made of truffles, much esteemed by epicures.
Perigraph	A careless or inaccurate delineation of anything.
Perigynia	of Perigynium
Perigynium	Some unusual appendage about the pistil, as the bottle-shaped body in the sedges, and the bristles or scales in some other genera of the Sedge family, or Cyperaceae.
Perigynous	Having the ovary free, but the petals and stamens borne on the calyx; -- said of flower such as that of the cherry or peach.
Perihelia	of Perihelium
Perihelion	Alt. of Perihelium
Perihelium	That point of the orbit of a planet or comet which is nearest to the sun; -- opposed to aphelion.
Peril	Danger; risk; hazard; jeopardy; exposure of person or property to injury, loss, or destruction.
Periled	of Peril
Perilled	of Peril
Periling	of Peril
Perilling	of Peril
Peril	To expose to danger; to hazard; to risk; as, to peril one's life.
Peril	To be in danger.
Perilla	A genus of labiate herbs, of which one species (Perilla ocimoides, or P. Nankinensis) is often cultivated for its purple or variegated foliage.
Perilous	Full of, attended with, or involving, peril; dangerous; hazardous; as, a perilous undertaking.
Perilous	Daring; reckless; dangerous.
Perilymph	The fluid which surrounds the membranous labyrinth of the internal ear, and separates it from the walls of the chambers in which the labyrinth lies.
Perilymphangial	Around, or at the side of, a lymphatic vessel.
Perilymphatic	Pertaining to, or containing, perilymph.
Perilymphatic	Perilymphangial.
Perimeter	The outer boundary of a body or figure, or the sum of all the sides.
Perimeter	An instrument for determining the extent and shape of the field of vision.
Perimetric	Alt. of Perimetrical
Perimetrical	Of or pertaining to the perimeter, or to perimetry; as, a perimetric chart of the eye.
Perimetry	The art of using the perimeter; measurement of the field of vision.
Perimorph	A crystal of one species inclosing one of another species. See Endomorph.
Perimysial	Surrounding a muscle or muscles.
Perimysial	Of or pertaining to the perimysium.
Perimysium	The connective tissue sheath which surrounds a muscle, and sends partitions inwards between the bundles of muscular fibers.
Perinaeum	See Perineum.
Perineal	Of or pertaining to the perineum.
Perineoplasty	The act or process of restoring an injured perineum.
Perineorrhaphy	The operation of sewing up a ruptured perineum.
Perinephritis	Inflammation of the cellular tissue around the kidney.
Perineum	The region which is included within the outlet of the pelvis, and is traversed by the urinogenital canal and the rectum.
Perineurial	Surrounding nerves or nerve fibers; of or pertaining to the perineurium.
Perineurium	The connective tissue sheath which surrounds a bundle of nerve fibers. See Epineurium, and Neurilemma.
Perinuclear	Of or pertaining to a nucleus; situated around a nucleus; as, the perinuclear protoplasm.
Period	A portion of time as limited and determined by some recurring phenomenon, as by the completion of a revolution of one of the heavenly bodies; a division of time, as a series of years, months, or days, in which something is completed, and ready to recommence and go on in the same order; as, the period of the sun, or the earth, or a comet.
Period	A stated and recurring interval of time; more generally, an interval of time specified or left indefinite; a certain series of years, months, days, or the like; a time; a cycle; an age; an epoch; as, the period of the Roman republic.
Period	One of the great divisions of geological time; as, the Tertiary period; the Glacial period.  See the Chart of Geology.
Period	The termination or completion of a revolution, cycle, series of events, single event, or act; hence, a limit; a bound; an end; a conclusion.
Period	A complete sentence, from one full stop to another; esp., a well-proportioned, harmonious sentence.
Period	The punctuation point [.] that marks the end of a complete sentence, or of an abbreviated word.
Period	One of several similar sets of figures or terms usually marked by points or commas placed at regular intervals, as in numeration, in the extraction of roots, and in circulating decimals.
Period	The time of the exacerbation and remission of a disease, or of the paroxysm and intermission.
Period	A complete musical sentence.
Period	To put an end to.
Period	To come to a period; to conclude. [Obs.] "You may period upon this, that," etc.
Periodate	A salt of periodic acid.
Periodic	Pertaining to, derived from, or designating, the highest oxygen acid (HIO/) of iodine.
Periodic	Alt. of Periodical
Periodical	Of or pertaining to a period or periods, or to division by periods.
Periodical	Performed in a period, or regular revolution; proceeding in a series of successive circuits; as, the periodical motion of the planets round the sun.
Periodical	Happening, by revolution, at a stated time; returning regularly, after a certain period of time; acting, happening, or appearing, at fixed intervals; recurring; as, periodical epidemics.
Periodical	Of or pertaining to a period; constituting a complete sentence.
Periodical	A magazine or other publication which appears at stated or regular intervals.
Periodicalist	One who publishes, or writes for, a periodical.
Periodically	In a periodical manner.
Periodicalness	Periodicity.
Periodicities	of Periodicity
Periodicity	The quality or state of being periodical, or regularly recurrent; as, the periodicity in the vital phenomena of plants.
Periodide	An iodide containing a higher proportion of iodine than any other iodide of the same substance or series.
Periodontal	Surrounding the teeth.
Periodoscope	A table or other means for calculating the periodical functions of women.
Perioeci	Alt. of Perioecians
Perioecians	Those who live on the same parallel of latitude but on opposite meridians, so that it is noon in one place when it is midnight in the other. Compare Antoeci.
Periople	The external smooth horny layer of the hoof of the horse and allied animals.
Perioplic	Of or pertaining to the periople; connected with the periople.
Periosteal	Situated around bone; of or pertaining to the periosteum.
Periosteum	The membrane of fibrous connective tissue which closely invests all bones except at the articular surfaces.
Periostitis	Inflammation of the periosteum.
Periostraca	of Periostracum
Periostracum	A chitinous membrane covering the exterior of many shells; -- called also epidermis.
Periotic	Surrounding, or pertaining to the region surrounding, the internal ear; as, the periotic capsule.
Periotic	A periotic bone.
Peripatecian	A peripatetic.
Peripatetic	Walking about; itinerant.
Peripatetic	Of or pertaining to the philosophy taught by Aristotle (who gave his instructions while walking in the Lyceum at Athens), or to his followers.
Peripatetic	One who walks about; a pedestrian; an itinerant.
Peripatetic	A disciple of Aristotle; an Aristotelian.
Peripatetical	Peripatetic.
Peripateticism	The doctrines or philosophical system of the peripatetics. See Peripatetic, n., 2.
Peripatus	A genus of lowly organized arthropods, found in South Africa, Australia, and tropical America. It constitutes the order Malacopoda.
Peripetalous	Surrounding, or situated about, the petals.
Peripheral	Of or pertaining to a periphery; constituting a periphery; peripheric.
Peripheral	External; away from the center; as, the peripheral portion of the nervous system.
Peripheric	Alt. of Peripherical
Peripherical	See Peripheral.
Peripheries	of Periphery
Periphery	The outside or superficial portions of a body; the surface.
Periphery	The circumference of a circle, ellipse, or other figure.
Periphrase	The use of more words than are necessary to express the idea; a roundabout, or indirect, way of speaking; circumlocution.
Periphrased	of Periphrase
Periphrasing	of Periphrase
Periphrase	To express by periphrase or circumlocution.
Periphrase	To use circumlocution.
Periphrases	of Periphrasis
Periphrasis	See Periphrase.
Periphrastic	Alt. of Periphrastical
Periphrastical	Expressing, or expressed, in more words than are necessary; characterized by periphrase; circumlocutory.
Periphrastically	With circumlocution.
Periplast	Same as Periblast.
Peripneumonia	Alt. of Peripneumony
Peripneumony	Pneumonia.
Peripneumonic	Of or pertaining to peripneumonia.
Periproct	The region surrounding the anus, particularly of echinoderms.
Periproctitis	Inflammation of the tissues about the rectum.
Peripteral	Having columns on all sides; -- said of an edifice. See Apteral.
Peripterous	Peripteral.
Peripterous	Feathered all around.
Perisarc	The outer, hardened integument which covers most hydroids.
Periscian	Having the shadow moving all around.
Periscians	Alt. of Periscii
Periscii	Those who live within a polar circle, whose shadows, during some summer days, will move entirely round, falling toward every point of the compass.
Periscope	A general or comprehensive view.
Periscope	an optical instrument of tubular shape containing an arrangement of lenses and mirrors (or prisms), allowing a person to observe a field of view otherwise obstructed, as beyond an obstructing object or (as in submarines) above the surface of the water.
Periscopic	Viewing all around, or on all sides.
Periscopic	of or relating to a periscope{2}.
Perished	of Perish
Perishing	of Perish
Perish	To be destroyed; to pass away; to become nothing; to be lost; to die; hence, to wither; to waste away.
Perish	To cause perish.
Perishability	Perishableness.
Perishable	Liable to perish; subject to decay, destruction, or death; as, perishable goods; our perishable bodies.
Perishableness	The quality or state of being perishable; liability to decay or destruction.
Perishably	In a perishable degree or manner.
Perishment	The act of perishing.
Perisomata	of Perisoma
Perisoma	Same as Perisome.
Perisome	The entire covering of an invertebrate animal, as echinoderm or coelenterate; the integument.
Perisperm	The albumen of a seed, especially that portion which is formed outside of the embryo sac.
Perispheric	Alt. of Perispherical
Perispherical	Exactly spherical; globular.
Perispomena	of Perispomenon
Perispomenon	A word which has the circumflex accent on the last syllable.
Perispore	The outer covering of a spore.
Perissad	Odd; not even; -- said of elementary substances and of radicals whose valence is not divisible by two without a remainder. Contrasted with artiad.
Perisse	To perish.
Perissodactyl	One of the Perissodactyla.
Perissodactyla	A division of ungulate mammals, including those that have an odd number of toes, as the horse, tapir, and rhinoceros; -- opposed to Artiodactyla.
Perissological	Redundant or excessive in words.
Perissology	Superfluity of words.
Peristalsis	Peristaltic contraction or action.
Peristaltic	Applied to the peculiar wormlike wave motion of the intestines and other similar structures, produced by the successive contraction of the muscular fibers of their walls, forcing their contents onwards; as, peristaltic movement.
Peristeria	A genus of orchidaceous plants. See Dove plant.
Peristerion	The herb vervain (Verbena officinalis).
Peristerite	A variety of albite, whitish and slightly iridescent like a pigeon's neck.
Peristeromorphous	Like or pertaining to the pigeons or Columbae.
Peristeropodous	Having pigeonlike feet; -- said of those gallinaceous birds that rest on all four toes, as the curassows and megapods.
Peristole	Peristaltic action, especially of the intestines.
Peristomata	of Peristoma
Peristoma	Same as Peristome.
Peristome	The fringe of teeth around the orifice of the capsule of mosses. It consists of 4, 8, 16, 32, or 64 teeth, and may be either single or double.
Peristome	The lip, or edge of the aperture, of a spiral shell.
Peristome	The membrane surrounding the mouth of an invertebrate animal.
Peristomial	Of or pertaining to a peristome.
Peristomium	Same as Peristome.
Peristrephic	Turning around; rotatory; revolving; as, a peristrephic painting (of a panorama).
Peristyle	A range of columns with their entablature, etc.; specifically, a complete system of columns, whether on all sides of a court, or surrounding a building, such as the cella of a temple. Used in the former sense, it gives name to the larger and inner court of a Roman dwelling, the peristyle. See Colonnade.
Perisystole	The interval between the diastole and systole of the heart. It is perceptible only in the dying.
Perite	Skilled.
Perithecium	An organ in certain fungi and lichens, surrounding and enveloping the masses of fructification.
Peritomous	Cleaving in more directions than one, parallel to the axis.
Peritonaeum	Same as Peritoneum.
Peritoneal	Of or pertaining to the peritoneum.
Peritoneum	The smooth serous membrane which lines the cavity of the abdomen, or the whole body cavity when there is no diaphragm, and, turning back, surrounds the viscera, forming a closed, or nearly closed, sac.
Peritonitis	Inflammation of the peritoneum.
Peritracheal	Surrounding the tracheae.
Peritreme	That part of the integument of an insect which surrounds the spiracles.
Peritreme	The edge of the aperture of a univalve shell.
Peritricha	A division of ciliated Infusoria having a circle of cilia around the oral disk and sometimes another around the body. It includes the vorticellas. See Vorticella.
Peritrochium	The wheel which, together with the axle, forms the axis in peritrochio, which see under Axis.
Peritropal	Rotatory; circuitous.
Peritropal	Having the axis of the seed perpendicular to the axis of the pericarp to which it is attached.
Peritropous	Peritropal.
Perityphlitis	Inflammation of the connective tissue about the caecum.
Periuterine	Surrounding the uterus.
Perivascular	Around the blood vessels; as, perivascular lymphatics.
Perivertebral	Surrounding the vertebrae.
Perivisceral	Around the viscera; as, the perivisceral cavity.
Perivitelline	Situated around the vitellus, or between the vitellus and zona pellucida of an ovum.
Periwig	A headdress of false hair, usually covering the whole head, and representing the natural hair; a wig.
Perwigged	of Periwig
Perwigging	of Periwig
Periwig	To dress with a periwig, or with false hair.
Periwinkle	Any small marine gastropod shell of the genus Littorina. The common European species (Littorina littorea), in Europe extensively used as food, has recently become naturalized abundantly on the American coast. See Littorina.
Periwinkle	A trailing herb of the genus Vinca.
Perjenet	A kind of pear.
Perjured	of Perjure
Perjuring	of Perjure
Perjure	To cause to violate an oath or a vow; to cause to make oath knowingly to what is untrue; to make guilty of perjury; to forswear; to corrupt; -- often used reflexively; as, he perjured himself.
Perjure	To make a false oath to; to deceive by oaths and protestations.
Perjure	A perjured person.
Perjured	Guilty of perjury; having sworn falsely; forsworn.
Perjurer	One who is guilty of perjury; one who perjures or forswears, in any sense.
Perjurious	Alt. of Perjurous
Perjurous	Guilty of perjury; containing perjury.
Perjuries	of Perjury
Perjury	False swearing.
Perjury	At common law, a willfully false statement in a fact material to the issue, made by a witness under oath in a competent judicial proceeding. By statute the penalties of perjury are imposed on the making of willfully false affirmations.
Perked	of Perk
Perking	of Perk
Perk	To make trim or smart; to straighten up; to erect; to make a jaunty or saucy display of; as, to perk the ears; to perk up one's head.
Perk	To exalt one's self; to bear one's self loftily.
Perk	Smart; trim; spruce; jaunty; vain.
Perk	To peer; to look inquisitively.
Perkin	A kind of weak perry.
Perkinism	A remedial treatment, by drawing the pointed extremities of two rods, each of a different metal, over the affected part; tractoration, -- first employed by Dr. Elisha Perkins of Norwich, Conn. See Metallotherapy.
Perky	Perk; pert; jaunty; trim.
Perlaceous	Pearly; resembling pearl.
Perlid	Any insect of the genus Perla, or family Perlidae. See Stone fly, under Stone.
Perlite	Same as Pearlite.
Perlitic	Relating to or resembling perlite, or pearlstone; as, the perlitic structure of certain rocks. See Pearlite.
Perlous	Perilous.
Perlustration	The act of viewing all over.
Permanable	Permanent; durable.
Permanence	Alt. of Permanency
Permanency	The quality or state of being permanent; continuance in the same state or place; duration; fixedness; as, the permanence of institutions; the permanence of nature.
Permanent	Continuing in the same state, or without any change that destroys form or character; remaining unaltered or unremoved; abiding; durable; fixed; stable; lasting; as, a permanent impression.
Permanently	In a permanent manner.
Permanganate	A salt of permanganic acid.
Permanganic	Pertaining to, or designating, one of the higher acids of manganese, HMnO4, which forms salts called permanganates.
Permansion	Continuance.
Permeability	The quality or state of being permeable.
Permeable	Capable of being permeated, or passed through; yielding passage; passable; penetrable; -- used especially of substances which allow the passage of fluids; as, wood is permeable to oil; glass is permeable to light.
Permeably	In a permeable manner.
Permeant	Passing through; permeating.
Permeated	of Permeate
Permeating	of Permeate
Permeate	To pass through the pores or interstices of; to penetrate and pass through without causing rupture or displacement; -- applied especially to fluids which pass through substances of loose texture; as, water permeates sand.
Permeate	To enter and spread through; to pervade.
Permeation	The act of permeating, passing through, or spreading throughout, the pores or interstices of any substance.
Permian	Belonging or relating to the period, and also to the formation, next following the Carboniferous, and regarded as closing the Carboniferous age and Paleozoic era.
Permian	The Permian period. See Chart of Geology.
Permians	A tribe belonging to the Finnic race, and inhabiting a portion of Russia.
Permiscible	Capable of being mixed.
Permiss	A permitted choice; a rhetorical figure in which a thing is committed to the decision of one's opponent.
Permissibility	The quality of being permissible; permissibleness; allowableness.
Permissible	That may be permitted; allowable; admissible.
Permission	The act of permitting or allowing; formal consent; authorization; leave; license or liberty granted.
Permissive	Permitting; granting leave or liberty.
Permissive	Permitted; tolerated; suffered.
Permissively	In a permissive manner.
Permistion	The act of mixing; the state of being mingled; mixture.
Permitted	of Permit
Permitting	of Permit
Permit	To consent to; to allow or suffer to be done; to tolerate; to put up with.
Permit	To grant (one) express license or liberty to do an act; to authorize; to give leave; -- followed by an infinitive.
Permit	To give over; to resign; to leave; to commit.
Permit	To grant permission; to allow.
Permit	Warrant; license; leave; permission; specifically, a written license or permission given to a person or persons having authority; as, a permit to land goods subject to duty.
Permittance	The act of permitting; allowance; permission; leave.
Permittee	One to whom a permission or permit is given.
Permitter	One who permits.
Permix	To mix; to mingle.
Permixtion	See Permission.
Permutable	Capable of being permuted; exchangeable.
Permutation	The act of permuting; exchange of the thing for another; mutual transference; interchange.
Permutation	The arrangement of any determinate number of things, as units, objects, letters, etc., in all possible orders, one after the other; -- called also alternation.  Cf. Combination, n., 4.
Permutation	Any one of such possible arrangements.
Permutation	Barter; exchange.
Permute	To interchange; to transfer reciprocally.
Permute	To exchange; to barter; to traffic.
Permuter	One who permutes.
Pern	To take profit of; to make profitable.
Pern	The honey buzzard.
Pernancy	A taking or reception, as the receiving of rents or tithes in kind, the receiving of profits.
Pernel	See Pimpernel.
Pernicion	Destruction; perdition.
Pernicious	Quick; swift (to burn).
Pernicious	Having the quality of injuring or killing; destructive; very mischievous; baleful; malicious; wicked.
Pernicity	Swiftness; celerity.
Pernio	A chilblain.
Pernoctalian	One who watches or keeps awake all night.
Pernoctation	The act or state of passing the whole night; a remaining all night.
Pernor	One who receives the profits, as of an estate.
Pernot furnace	A reverberatory furnace with a circular revolving hearth, -- used in making steel.
Pernyi moth	A silk-producing moth (Attacus Pernyi) which feeds upon the oak. It has been introduced into Europe and America from China.
Perofskite	A titanate of lime occurring in octahedral or cubic crystals.
Perogue	See Pirogue.
Peronate	A term applied to the stipes or stalks of certain fungi which are covered with a woolly substance which at length becomes powdery.
Peroneal	Of or pertaining to the fibula; in the region of the fibula.
Perorate	To make a peroration; to harangue.
Peroration	The concluding part of an oration; especially, a final summing up and enforcement of an argument.
Peroxidation	Act, process, or result of peroxidizing; oxidation to a peroxide.
Peroxide	An oxide containing more oxygen than some other oxide of the same element. Formerly peroxides were regarded as the highest oxides.  Cf. Per-, 2.
Peroxidized	of Peroxidize
Peroxidizing	of Peroxidize
Peroxidize	To oxidize to the utmost degree, so as to form a peroxide.
Perpend	To weight carefully in the mind.
Perpend	To attend; to be attentive.
Perpender	A large stone reaching through a wall so as to appear on both sides of it, and acting as a binder; -- called also perbend, perpend stone, and perpent stone.
Perpendicle	Something hanging straight down; a plumb line.
Perpendicular	Exactly upright or vertical; pointing to the zenith; at right angles to the plane of the horizon; extending in a right line from any point toward the center of the earth.
Perpendicular	At right angles to a given line or surface; as, the line ad is perpendicular to the line bc.
Perpendicular	A line at right angles to the plane of the horizon; a vertical line or direction.
Perpendicular	A line or plane falling at right angles on another line or surface, or making equal angles with it on each side.
Perpendicularity	The quality or state of being perpendicular.
Perpendicularly	In a perpendicular manner; vertically.
Perpend stone	See Perpender.
Perpension	Careful consideration; pondering.
Perpensity	Perpension.
Perpent stone	See Perpender.
Perpession	Suffering; endurance.
Perpetrable	Capable of being perpetrated.
Perpetrated	of Perpetrate
Perpetrating	of Perpetrate
Perpetrate	To do or perform; to carry through; to execute, commonly in a bad sense; to commit (as a crime, an offense); to be guilty of; as, to perpetrate a foul deed.
Perpetration	The act of perpetrating; a doing; -- commonly used of doing something wrong, as a crime.
Perpetration	The thing perpetrated; an evil action.
Perpetrator	One who perpetrates; esp., one who commits an offense or crime.
Perpetuable	Capable of being perpetuated or continued.
Perpetual	Neverceasing; continuing forever or for an unlimited time; unfailing; everlasting; continuous.
Perpetually	In a perpetual manner; constantly; continually.
Perpetualty	The state or condition of being perpetual.
Perpetuance	Perpetuity.
Perpetuated	of Perpetuate
Perpetuating	of Perpetuate
Perpetuate	To make perpetual; to cause to endure, or to be continued, indefinitely; to preserve from extinction or oblivion; to eternize.
Perpetuate	Made perpetual; perpetuated.
Perpetuation	The act of making perpetual, or of preserving from extinction through an endless existence, or for an indefinite period of time; continuance.
Perpetuity	The quality or state of being perpetual; as, the perpetuity of laws.
Perpetuity	Something that is perpetual.
Perpetuity	Endless time.
Perpetuity	The number of years in which the simple interest of any sum becomes equal to the principal.
Perpetuity	The number of years' purchase to be given for an annuity to continue forever.
Perpetuity	A perpetual annuity.
Perpetuity	Duration without limitations as to time.
Perpetuity	The quality or condition of an estate by which it becomes inalienable, either perpetually or for a very long period; also, the estate itself so modified or perpetuated.
Perplexed	of Perplex
Perplexing	of Perplex
Perplex	To involve; to entangle; to make intricate or complicated, and difficult to be unraveled or understood; as, to perplex one with doubts.
Perplex	To embarrass; to puzzle; to distract; to bewilder; to confuse; to trouble with ambiguity, suspense, or anxiety.
Perplex	To plague; to vex; to tormen.
Perplex	Intricate; difficult.
Perplexed	Entangled, involved, or confused; hence, embarrassd; puzzled; doubtful; anxious.
Perplexing	Embarrassing; puzzling; troublesome.
Perplexities	of Perplexity
Perplexity	The quality or state of being perplexed or puzzled; complication; intricacy; entanglement; distraction of mind through doubt or difficulty; embarrassment; bewilderment; doubt.
Perplexiveness	The quality of being perplexing; tendency to perplex.
Perplexly	Perplexedly.
Perpotation	The act of drinking excessively; a drinking bout.
Perquisite	Something gained from a place or employment over and above the ordinary salary or fixed wages for services rendered; especially, a fee allowed by law to an officer for a specific service.
Perquisite	Things gotten by a man's own industry, or purchased with his own money, as opposed to things which come to him by descent.
Perquisited	Supplied with perquisites.
Perquisition	A thorough inquiry of search.
Perradial	Situated around the radii, or radial tubes, of a radiate.
Perrie	Precious stones; jewels.
Perrier	A short mortar used formerly for throwing stone shot.
Perroquet	See Paroquet, Parakeet.
Perruque	See Peruke.
Perruquier	A marker of perukes or wigs.
Perry	A fermented liquor made from pears; pear cider.
Perry	A suddent squall. See Pirry.
Pers	Light blue; grayish blue; -- a term applied to different shades at different periods.
Pers	A cloth of sky-blue color.
Persalt	A term formerly given to the salts supposed to be formed respectively by neutralizing acids with certain peroxides.
Persant	Piercing.
Perscrutation	A thorough searching; a minute inquiry or scrutiny.
Persecot	See Persicot.
Persecuted	of Persecute
Persecuting	of Persecute
Persecute	To pursue in a manner to injure, grieve, or afflict; to beset with cruelty or malignity; to harass; especially, to afflict, harass, punish, or put to death, for adherence to a particular religious creed or mode of worship.
Persecute	To harass with importunity; to pursue with persistent solicitations; to annoy.
Persecution	The act or practice of persecuting; especially, the infliction of loss, pain, or death for adherence to a particular creed or mode of worship.
Persecution	The state or condition of being persecuted.
Persecution	A carrying on; prosecution.
Persecutor	One who persecutes, or harasses.
Persecutrix	A woman who persecutes.
Perseid	One of a group of shooting stars which appear yearly about the 10th of August, and cross the heavens in paths apparently radiating from the constellation Perseus. They are beleived to be fragments once connected with a comet visible in 1862.
Perseus	A Grecian legendary hero, son of Jupiter and Danae, who slew the Gorgon Medusa.
Perseus	A consellation of the northern hemisphere, near Taurus and Cassiopea. It contains a star cluster visible to the naked eye as a nebula.
Persever	To persevere.
Perseverance	The act of persevering; persistence in anything undertaken; continued pursuit or prosecution of any business, or enterprise begun.
Perseverance	Discrimination.
Perseverance	Continuance in a state of grace until it is succeeded by a state of glory; sometimes called final perseverance, and the perseverance of the saints. See Calvinism.
Perseverant	Persevering.
Persevered	of Persevere
Persevering	of Persevere
Persevere	To persist in any business or enterprise undertaken; to pursue steadily any project or course begun; to maintain a purpose in spite of counter influences, opposition, or discouragement; not to give or abandon what is undertaken.
Persevering	Characterized by perseverance; persistent.
Persian	Of or pertaining to Persia, to the Persians, or to their language.
Persian	A native or inhabitant of Persia.
Persian	The language spoken in Persia.
Persian	A thin silk fabric, used formerly for linings.
Persian	See Persian columns, under Persian, a.
Persic	Of or relating to Persia.
Persic	The Persian language.
Persicaria	See Lady's thumb.
Persicot	A cordial made of the kernels of apricots, nectarines, etc., with refined spirit.
Persiflage	Frivolous or bantering talk; a frivolous manner of treating any subject, whether serious or otherwise; light raillery.
Persifleur	One who indulges in persiflage; a banterer; a quiz.
Persimmon	An American tree (Diospyros Virginiana) and its fruit, found from New York southward. The fruit is like a plum in appearance, but is very harsh and astringent until it has been exposed to frost, when it becomes palatable and nutritious.
Persis	A kind of coloring matter obtained from lichens.
Persism	A Persian idiom.
Persisted	of Persist
Persisting	of Persist
Persist	To stand firm; to be fixed and unmoved; to stay; to continue steadfastly; especially, to continue fixed in a course of conduct against opposing motives; to persevere; -- sometimes conveying an unfavorable notion, as of doggedness or obstinacy.
Persistence	Alt. of Persistency
Persistency	The quality or state of being persistent; staying or continuing quality; hence, in an unfavorable sense, doggedness; obstinacy.
Persistency	The continuance of an effect after the cause which first gave rise to it is removed
Persistency	The persistence of motion.
Persistency	Visual persistence, or persistence of the visual impression; auditory persistence, etc.
Persistent	Inclined to persist; having staying qualities; tenacious of position or purpose.
Persistent	Remaining beyond the period when parts of the same kind sometimes fall off or are absorbed; permanent; as, persistent teeth or gills; a persistent calyx; -- opposed to deciduous, and caducous.
Persistently	In a persistent manner.
Persisting	Inclined to persist; tenacious of purpose; persistent.
Persistive	See Persistent.
Persolve	To pay wholly, or fully.
Person	A character or part, as in a play; a specific kind or manifestation of individual character, whether in real life, or in literary or dramatic representation; an assumed character.
Person	The bodily form of a human being; body; outward appearance; as, of comely person.
Person	A living, self-conscious being, as distinct from an animal or a thing; a moral agent; a human being; a man, woman, or child.
Person	A human being spoken of indefinitely; one; a man; as, any person present.
Person	A parson; the parish priest.
Person	Among Trinitarians, one of the three subdivisions of the Godhead (the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost); an hypostasis.
Person	One of three relations or conditions (that of speaking, that of being spoken to, and that of being spoken of) pertaining to a noun or a pronoun, and thence also to the verb of which it may be the subject.
Person	A shoot or bud of a plant; a polyp or zooid of the compound Hydrozoa Anthozoa, etc.; also, an individual, in the narrowest sense, among the higher animals.
Person	To represent as a person; to personify; to impersonate.
Personae	of Persona
Persona	Same as Person, n., 8.
Personable	Having a well-formed body, or person; graceful; comely; of good appearance; presentable; as, a personable man or woman.
Personable	Enabled to maintain pleas in court.
Personable	Having capacity to take anything granted.
Personage	Form, appearance, or belongings of a person; the external appearance, stature, figure, air, and the like, of a person.
Personage	Character assumed or represented.
Personage	A notable or distinguished person; a conspicious or peculiar character; as, an illustrious personage; a comely personage of stature tall.
Personal	Pertaining to human beings as distinct from things.
Personal	Of or pertaining to a particular person; relating to, or affecting, an individual, or each of many individuals; peculiar or proper to private concerns; not public or general; as, personal comfort; personal desire.
Personal	Pertaining to the external or bodily appearance; corporeal; as, personal charms.
Personal	Done in person; without the intervention of another.
Personal	Relating to an individual, his character, conduct, motives, or private affairs, in an invidious and offensive manner; as, personal reflections or remarks.
Personal	Denoting person; as, a personal pronoun.
Personal	A movable; a chattel.
Personalism	The quality or state of being personal; personality.
Personalities	of Personality
Personality	That which constitutes distinction of person; individuality.
Personality	Something said or written which refers to the person, conduct, etc., of some individual, especially something of a disparaging or offensive nature; personal remarks; as, indulgence in personalities.
Personality	That quality of a law which concerns the condition, state, and capacity of persons.
Personalized	of Personalize
Personalizing	of Personalize
Personalize	To make personal.
Personally	In a personal manner; by bodily presence; in person; not by representative or substitute; as, to deliver a letter personally.
Personally	With respect to an individual; as regards the person; individually; particularly.
Personally	With respect to one's individuality; as regards one's self; as, personally I have no feeling in the matter.
Personalty	The state of being a person; personality.
Personalty	Personal property, as distinguished from realty or real property.
Personated	of Personate
Personating	of Personate
Personate	To celebrate loudly; to extol; to praise.
Personate	To assume the character of; to represent by a fictitious appearance; to act the part of; hence, to counterfeit; to feign; as, he tried to personate his brother; a personated devotion.
Personate	To set forth in an unreal character; to disguise; to mask.
Personate	To personify; to typify; to describe.
Personate	To play or assume a character.
Personate	Having the throat of a bilabiate corolla nearly closed by a projection of the base of the lower lip; masked, as in the flower of the snapdragon.
Personation	The act of personating, or conterfeiting the person or character of another.
Personator	One who personates.
Personeity	Personality.
Personification	The act of personifying; impersonation; embodiment.
Personification	A figure of speech in which an inanimate object or abstract idea is represented as animated, or endowed with personality; prosopop/ia; as, the floods clap their hands.
Personifier	One who personifies.
Personified	of Personify
Personifying	of Personify
Personify	To regard, treat, or represent as a person; to represent as a rational being.
Personify	To be the embodiment or personification of; to impersonate; as, he personifies the law.
Personize	To personify.
Personnel	The body of persons employed in some public service, as the army, navy, etc.; -- distinguished from materiel.
Perspective	Of or pertaining to the science of vision; optical.
Perspective	Pertaining to the art, or in accordance with the laws, of perspective.
Perspective	A glass through which objects are viewed.
Perspective	That which is seen through an opening; a view; a vista.
Perspective	The effect of distance upon the appearance of objects, by means of which the eye recognized them as being at a more or less measurable distance. Hence, aerial perspective, the assumed greater vagueness or uncertainty of outline in distant objects.
Perspective	The art and the science of so delineating objects that they shall seem to grow smaller as they recede from the eye; -- called also linear perspective.
Perspective	A drawing in linear perspective.
Perspectively	Optically; as through a glass.
Perspectively	According to the rules of perspective.
Perspectograph	An instrument for obtaining, and transferring to a picture, the points and outlines of objects, so as to represent them in their proper geometrical relations as viewed from some one point.
Perspectography	The science or art of delineating objects according to the laws of perspective; the theory of perspective.
Perspicable	Discernible.
Perspicacious	Having the power of seeing clearly; quick-sighted; sharp of sight.
Perspicacious	Fig.: Of acute discernment; keen.
Perspicacity	The state of being perspicacious; acuteness of sight or of intelligence; acute discernment.
Perspicacy	Perspicacity.
Perspicience	The act of looking sharply.
Perspicil	An optical glass; a telescope.
Perspicuity	The quality or state of being transparent or translucent.
Perspicuity	The quality of being perspicuous to the understanding; clearness of expression or thought.
Perspicuity	Sagacity; perspicacity.
Perspicuous	Capable of being through; transparent; translucent; not opaque.
Perspicuous	Clear to the understanding; capable of being clearly understood; clear in thought or in expression; not obscure or ambiguous; as, a perspicuous writer; perspicuous statements.
Perspirability	The quality or state of being perspirable.
Perspirable	Capable of being perspired.
Perspirable	Emitting perspiration; perspiring.
Perspiration	The act or process of perspiring.
Perspiration	That which is excreted through the skin; sweat.
Perspirative	Performing the act of perspiration; perspiratory.
Perspiratory	Of, pertaining to, or producing, perspiration; as, the perspiratory ducts.
Perspired	of Perspire
Perspiring	of Perspire
Perspire	To excrete matter through the skin; esp., to excrete fluids through the pores of the skin; to sweat.
Perspire	To be evacuated or excreted, or to exude, through the pores of the skin; as, a fluid perspires.
Perspire	To emit or evacuate through the pores of the skin; to sweat; to excrete through pores.
Perstreperous	Noisy; obstreperous.
Perstringe	To touch; to graze; to glance on.
Perstringe	To criticise; to touch upon.
Persuadable	That may be persuaded.
Persuaded	of Persuade
Persuading	of Persuade
Persuade	To influence or gain over by argument, advice, entreaty, expostulation, etc.; to draw or incline to a determination by presenting sufficient motives.
Persuade	To try to influence.
Persuade	To convince by argument, or by reasons offered or suggested from reflection, etc.; to cause to believe.
Persuade	To inculcate by argument or expostulation; to advise; to recommend.
Persuade	To use persuasion; to plead; to prevail by persuasion.
Persuade	Persuasion.
Persuaded	Prevailed upon; influenced by argument or entreaty; convinced.
Persuader	One who, or that which, persuades or influences.
Persuasibility	Capability of being persuaded.
Persuasible	Capable of being persuaded; persuadable.
Persuasible	Persuasive.
Persuasion	The act of persuading; the act of influencing the mind by arguments or reasons offered, or by anything that moves the mind or passions, or inclines the will to a determination.
Persuasion	The state of being persuaded or convinced; settled opinion or conviction, which has been induced.
Persuasion	A creed or belief; a sect or party adhering to a certain creed or system of opinions; as, of the same persuasion; all persuasions are agreed.
Persuasion	The power or quality of persuading; persuasiveness.
Persuasion	That which persuades; a persuasive.
Persuasive	Tending to persuade; having the power of persuading; as, persuasive eloquence.
Persuasive	That which persuades; an inducement; an incitement; an exhortation.
Persuasory	Persuasive.
Persulphate	A sulphate of the peroxide of any base.
Persulphide	A sulphide containing more sulphur than some other compound of the same elements; as, iron pyrites is a persulphide; -- formerly called persulphuret.
Persulphocyanate	A salt of persulphocyanic acid.
Persulphocyanic	Pertaining to, or designating, a yellow crystalline substance (called also perthiocyanic acid), analogous to sulphocyanic acid, but containing more sulphur.
Persulphocyanogen	An orange-yellow substance, produced by the action of chlorine or boiling dilute nitric acid and sulphocyanate of potassium; -- called also pseudosulphocyanogen, perthiocyanogen, and formerly sulphocyanogen.
Persulphuret	A persulphide.
Pert	Open; evident; apert.
Pert	Lively; brisk; sprightly; smart.
Pert	Indecorously free, or presuming; saucy; bold; impertinent.
Pert	To behave with pertness.
Pertained	of Pertain
Pertaining	of Pertain
Pertain	To belong; to have connection with, or dependence on, something, as an appurtenance, attribute, etc.; to appertain; as, saltness pertains to the ocean; flowers pertain to plant life.
Pertain	To have relation or reference to something.
Perterebration	The act of boring through.
Perthiocyanogen	Same as Persulphocyanogen.
Perthite	A kind of feldspar consisting of a laminated intertexture of albite and orthoclase, usually of different colors.
Pertinacious	Holding or adhering to any opinion, purpose, or design, with obstinacy; perversely persistent; obstinate; as, pertinacious plotters; a pertinacious beggar.
Pertinacious	Resolute; persevering; constant; steady.
Pertinacity	The quality or state of being pertinacious; obstinacy; perseverance; persistency.
Pertinacy	The quality or state of being pertinent; pertinence.
Pertinacy	Pertinacity.
Pertinate	Pertinacious.
Pertinately	Pertinaciously.
Pertinence	Alt. of Pertinency
Pertinency	The quality or state of being pertinent; justness of relation to the subject or matter in hand; fitness; appositeness; relevancy; suitableness.
Pertinent	Belonging or related to the subject or matter in hand; fit or appropriate in any way; adapted to the end proposed; apposite; material; relevant; as, pertinent illustrations or arguments; pertinent evidence.
Pertinent	Regarding; concerning; belonging; pertaining.
Pertly	In a pert manner.
Pertness	The quality or state of being pert.
Pertransient	Passing through or over.
Perturb	To disturb; to agitate; to vex; to trouble; to disquiet.
Perturb	To disorder; to confuse.
Perturbability	The quality or state of being perturbable.
Perturbable	Liable to be perturbed or agitated; liable to be disturbed or disquieted.
Perturbance	Disturbance; perturbation.
Perturbate	To perturb.
Perturbate	Perturbed; agitated.
Perturbation	The act of perturbing, or the state of being perturbed; esp., agitation of mind.
Perturbation	A disturbance in the regular elliptic or other motion of a heavenly body, produced by some force additional to that which causes its regular motion; as, the perturbations of the planets are caused by their attraction on each other.
Perturbational	Of or pertaining to perturbation, esp. to the perturbations of the planets.
Perturbative	Tending to cause perturbation; disturbing.
Perturbator	A perturber.
Perturbed	Agitated; disturbed; troubled.
Perturber	One who, or that which, perturbs, or cause perturbation.
Pertusate	Pierced at the apex.
Pertuse	Alt. of Pertused
Pertused	Punched; pierced with, or having, holes.
Pertusion	The act of punching or piercing with a pointed instrument; as, pertusion of a vein.
Pertusion	A punched hole; a perforation.
Pertussis	The whooping cough.
Peruke	A wig; a periwig.
Peruke	To dress with a peruke.
Perulae	of Perula
Perula	One of the scales of a leaf bud.
Perula	A pouchlike portion of the perianth in certain orchides.
Perule	Same as Perula.
Perusal	The act of carefully viewing or examining.
Perusal	The act of reading, especially of reading through or with care.
Perused	of Peruse
Perusing	of Peruse
Peruse	To observe; to examine with care.
Peruse	To read through; to read carefully.
Peruser	One who peruses.
Peruvian	Of or pertaining to Peru, in South America.
Peruvian	A native or an inhabitant of Peru.
Pervaded	of Pervade
Pervading	of Pervade
Pervade	To pass or flow through, as an aperture, pore, or interstice; to permeate.
Pervade	To pass or spread through the whole extent of; to be diffused throughout.
Pervasion	The act of pervading, passing, or spreading through the whole extent of a thing.
Pervasive	Tending to pervade, or having power to spread throughout; of a pervading quality.
Perverse	Turned aside; hence, specifically, turned away from the right; willfully erring; wicked; perverted.
Perverse	Obstinate in the wrong; stubborn; intractable; hence, wayward; vexing; contrary.
Perversed	Turned aside.
Perversedly	Perversely.
Perversely	In a perverse manner.
Perverseness	The quality or state of being perverse.
Perversion	The act of perverting, or the state of being perverted; a turning from truth or right; a diverting from the true intent or object; a change to something worse; a turning or applying to a wrong end or use.
Perversity	The quality or state of being perverse; perverseness.
Perversive	Tending to pervert.
Perverted	of Pervert
Perverting	of Pervert
Pervert	To turnanother way; to divert.
Pervert	To turn from truth, rectitude, or propriety; to divert from a right use, end, or way; to lead astray; to corrupt; also, to misapply; to misinterpret designedly; as, to pervert one's words.
Pervert	To become perverted; to take the wrong course.
Pervert	One who has been perverted; one who has turned to error, especially in religion; -- opposed to convert. See the Synonym of Convert.
Perverter	One who perverts (a person or thing).
Pervertible	Capable of being perverted.
Pervestigate	To investigate thoroughly.
Pervestigation	Thorough investigation.
Pervial	Pervious.
Pervicacious	Obstinate; willful; refractory.
Pervicacity	Obstinacy; pervicaciousness.
Pervicacy	Pervicacity.
Pervigilation	Careful watching.
Pervious	Admitting passage; capable of being penetrated by another body or substance; permeable; as, a pervious soil.
Pervious	Capable of being penetrated, or seen through, by physical or mental vision.
Pervious	Capable of penetrating or pervading.
Pervious	Open; -- used synonymously with perforate, as applied to the nostrils or birds.
Perviousness	The quality or state of being pervious; as, the perviousness of glass.
Pervis	See Parvis.
Pery	A pear tree. See Pirie.
Pedes	of Pes
Pes	The distal segment of the hind limb of vertebrates, including the tarsus and foot.
Pesade	The motion of a horse when, raising his fore quarters, he keeps his hind feet on the ground without advancing; rearing.
Pesage	A fee, or toll, paid for the weighing of merchandise.
Pesane	See Pusane.
Pesanted	Made heavy or dull; debased.
Peschito	See Peshito.
Pese	A pea.
Peseta	A Spanish silver coin, and money of account, equal to about nineteen cents, and divided into 100 centesimos.
Peshito	Alt. of Peshitto
Peshitto	The earliest Syriac version of the Old Testament, translated from Hebrew; also, the incomplete Syriac version of the New Testament.
Pesky	Pestering; vexatious; troublesome. Used also as an intensive.
Peso	A Spanish dollar; also, an Argentine, Chilian, Colombian, etc., coin, equal to from 75 cents to a dollar; also, a pound weight.
Pessaries	of Pessary
Pessary	An instrument or device to be introduced into and worn in the vagina, to support the uterus, or remedy a malposition.
Pessary	A medicinal substance in the form of a bolus or mass, designed for introduction into the vagina; a vaginal suppository.
Pessimism	The opinion or doctrine that everything in nature is ordered for or tends to the worst, or that the world is wholly evil; -- opposed to optimism.
Pessimism	A disposition to take the least hopeful view of things.
Pessimist	One who advocates the doctrine of pessimism; -- opposed to optimist.
Pessimist	One who looks on the dark side of things.
Pessimist	Alt. of Pessimistic
Pessimistic	Of or pertaining to pessimism; characterized by pessimism; gloomy; foreboding.
Pessimistical	Pessimistic.
Pessimize	To hold or advocate the doctrine of pessimism.
Pessuli	of Pessulus
Pessulus	A delicate bar of cartilage connecting the dorsal and ventral extremities of the first pair of bronchial cartilages in the syrinx of birds.
Pest	A fatal epidemic disease; a pestilence; specif., the plague.
Pest	Anything which resembles a pest; one who, or that which, is troublesome, noxious, mischievous, or destructive; a nuisance.
Pestalozzian	Belonging to, or characteristic of, a system of elementary education which combined manual training with other instruction, advocated and practiced by Jean Henri Pestalozzi (1746-1827), a Swiss teacher.
Pestalozzian	An advocate or follower of the system of Pestalozzi.
Pestalozzianism	The system of education introduced by Pestalozzi.
Pestered	of Pester
Pestering	of Pester
Pester	To trouble; to disturb; to annoy; to harass with petty vexations.
Pester	To crowd together in an annoying way; to overcrowd; to infest.
Pesterer	One who pesters or harasses.
Pesterment	The act of pestering, or the state of being pestered; vexation; worry.
Pesterous	Inclined to pester. Also, vexatious; encumbering; burdensome.
Pestful	Pestiferous.
Pesthouse	A house or hospital for persons who are infected with any pestilential disease.
Pestiduct	That which conveys contagion or infection.
Pestiferous	Pest-bearing; pestilential; noxious to health; malignant; infectious; contagious; as, pestiferous bodies.
Pestiferous	Noxious to peace, to morals, or to society; vicious; hurtful; destructive; as, a pestiferous demagogue.
Pestiferously	In a pestiferuos manner.
Pestilence	Specifically, the disease known as the plague; hence, any contagious or infectious epidemic disease that is virulent and devastating.
Pestilence	Fig.: That which is pestilent, noxious, or pernicious to the moral character of great numbers.
Pestilent	Pestilential; noxious; pernicious; mischievous.
Pestilential	Having the nature or qualities of a pestilence.
Pestilential	Hence: Mischievous; noxious; pernicious; morally destructive.
Pestilentially	Pestilently.
Pestilentious	Pestilential.
Pestilently	In a pestilent manner; mischievously; destructively.
Pestilentness	The quality of being pestilent.
Pestilation	The act of pounding and bruising with a pestle in a mortar.
Pestle	An implement for pounding and breaking or braying substances in a mortar.
Pestle	A constable's or bailiff's staff; -- so called from its shape.
Pestle	The leg and leg bone of an animal, especially of a pig; as, a pestle of pork.
Pestled	of Pestle
Pestling	of Pestle
Pestle	To pound, pulverize, bray, or mix with a pestle, or as with a pestle; to use a pestle.
Pet	A cade lamb; a lamb brought up by hand.
Pet	Any person or animal especially cherished and indulged; a fondling; a darling; often, a favorite child.
Pet	A slight fit of peevishness or fretfulness.
Pet	Petted; indulged; admired; cherished; as, a pet child; a pet lamb; a pet theory.
Petted	of Pet
Petting	of Pet
Pet	To treat as a pet; to fondle; to indulge; as, she was petted and spoiled.
Pet	To be a pet.
Petal	One of the leaves of the corolla, or the colored leaves of a flower. See Corolla, and Illust. of Flower.
Petal	One of the expanded ambulacra which form a rosette on the black of certain Echini.
Petaled	Having petals; as, a petaled flower; -- opposed to apetalous, and much used in compounds; as, one-petaled, three-petaled, etc.
Petaliferous	Bearing petals.
Petaliform	Having the form of a petal; petaloid; petal-shaped.
Petaline	Pertaining to a petal; attached to, or resembling, a petal.
Petalism	A form of sentence among the ancient Syracusans by which they banished for five years a citizen suspected of having dangerous influence or ambition. It was similar to the ostracism in Athens; but olive leaves were used instead of shells for ballots.
Petalite	A rare mineral, occurring crystallized and in cleavable masses, usually white, or nearly so, in color. It is a silicate of aluminia and lithia.
Petalody	The metamorphosis of various floral organs, usually stamens, into petals.
Petaloid	Petaline.
Petaloideous	Having the whole or part of the perianth petaline.
Petalosticha	An order of Echini, including the irregular sea urchins, as the spatangoids. See Spatangoid.
Petalous	Having petals; petaled; -- opposed to apetalous.
Petala	of Petalum
Petalum	A petal.
Petar	See Petard.
Petard	A case containing powder to be exploded, esp. a conical or cylindrical case of metal filled with powder and attached to a plank, to be exploded against and break down gates, barricades, drawbridges, etc.  It has been superseded.
Petardeer	Alt. of Petardier
Petardier	One who managed a petard.
Petasus	The winged cap of Mercury; also, a broad-brimmed, low-crowned hat worn by Greeks and Romans.
Petaurist	Any flying marsupial of the genera Petaurus, Phalangista, Acrobata, and allied genera. See Flying mouse, under Flying, and Phalangister.
Petechiae	Small crimson, purple, or livid spots, like flea-bites, due to extravasation of blood, which appear on the skin in malignant fevers, etc.
Petechial	Characterized by, or pertaining to, petechiae; spotted.
Peter	A common baptismal name for a man. The name of one of the apostles,
Petered	of Peter
Petering	of Peter
Peter	To become exhausted; to run out; to fail; -- used generally with out; as, that mine has petered out.
Peterel	See Petrel.
Peterero	See Pederero.
Petermen	of Peterman
Peterman	A fisherman; -- so called after the apostle Peter.
Petersham	A rough, knotted woolen cloth, used chiefly for men's overcoats; also, a coat of that material.
Peterwort	See Saint Peter's-wort, under Saint.
Petiolar	Alt. of Petiolary
Petiolary	Of or pertaining to petiole, or proceeding from it; as, a petiolar tendril; growing or supported upon a petiole; as, a petiolar gland; a petiolar bud.
Petiolate	Alt. of Petiolated
Petiolated	Having a stalk or petiole; as, a petioleate leaf; the petiolated abdomen of certain Hymenoptera.
Petiole	A leafstalk; the footstalk of a leaf, connecting the blade with the stem. See Illust. of Leaf.
Petiole	A stalk or peduncle.
Petioled	Petiolate.
Petiolulate	Supported by its own petiolule.
Petiolule	A small petiole, or the petiole of a leaflet.
Petit	Small; little; insignificant; mean; -- Same as Petty.
Petition	A prayer; a supplication; an imploration; an entreaty; especially, a request of a solemn or formal kind; a prayer to the Supreme Being, or to a person of superior power, rank, or authority; also, a single clause in such a prayer.
Petition	A formal written request addressed to an official person, or to an organized body, having power to grant it; specifically (Law), a supplication to government, in either of its branches, for the granting of a particular grace or right; -- in distinction from a memorial, which calls certain facts to mind; also, the written document.
Petitioned	of Petition
Petitioning	of Petition
Petition	To make a prayer or request to; to ask from; to solicit; to entreat; especially, to make a formal written supplication, or application to, as to any branch of the government; as, to petition the court; to petition the governor.
Petition	To make a petition or solicitation.
Petitionarily	By way of begging the question; by an assumption.
Petitionary	Supplicatory; making a petition.
Petitionary	Containing a petition; of the nature of a petition; as, a petitionary epistle.
Petitionee	A person cited to answer, or defend against, a petition.
Petitioner	One who presents a petition.
Petitioning	The act of presenting apetition; a supplication.
Petitor	One who seeks or asks; a seeker; an applicant.
Petitory	Petitioning; soliciting; supplicating.
Petong	See Packfong.
Petralogy	See Petrology.
Petrary	An ancient war engine for hurling stones.
Petrean	Of or pertaining to to rock.
Petre	See Saltpeter.
Petrel	Any one of numerous species of longwinged sea birds belonging to the family Procellaridae. The small petrels, or Mother Carey's chickens, belong to Oceanites, Oceanodroma, Procellaria, and several allied genera.
Petrescence	The process of changing into stone; petrification.
Petrescent	Petrifying; converting into stone; as, petrescent water.
Petrifaction	The process of petrifying, or changing into stone; conversion of any organic matter (animal or vegetable) into stone, or a substance of stony hardness.
Petrifaction	The state or condition of being petrified.
Petrifaction	That which is petrified; popularly, a body incrusted with stony matter; an incrustation.
Petrifaction	Fig.: Hardness; callousness; obduracy.
Petrifactive	Having the quality of converting organic matter into stone; petrifying.
Petrifactive	Pertaining to, or characterized by, petrifaction.
Petrific	Petrifying; petrifactive.
Petrificate	To petrify.
Petrification	See Petrifaction.
Petrification	Fig.: Obduracy; callousness.
Petrified	of Petrify
Petrifying	of Petrify
Petrify	To convert, as any animal or vegetable matter, into stone or stony substance.
Petrify	To make callous or obdurate; to stupefy; to paralyze; to transform; as by petrifaction; as, to petrify the heart. Young.
Petrify	To become stone, or of a stony hardness, as organic matter by calcareous deposits.
Petrify	Fig.: To become stony, callous, or obdurate.
Petrine	Of or pertaining to St.Peter; as, the Petrine Epistles.
Petro-	A combining form from Gr. / a rock, / a stone; as, petrology, petroglyphic.
Petrogale	Any Australian kangaroo of the genus Petrogale, as the rock wallaby (P. penicillata).
Petroglyphic	Of or pertaining to petroglyphy.
Petroglyphy	The art or operation of carving figures or inscriptions on rock or stone.
Petrographic	Alt. of Petrographical
Petrographical	Pertaining to petrography.
Petrography	The art of writing on stone.
Petrography	The scientific description of rocks; that department of science which investigates the constitution of rocks; petrology.
Petrohyoid	Pertaining to petrous, oe periotic, portion of the skull and the hyoid arch; as, the petrohyoid muscles of the frog.
Petrol	Petroleum.
Petrolatum	A semisolid unctuous substance, neutral, and without taste or odor, derived from petroleum by distilling off the lighter portions and purifying the residue. It is a yellowish, fatlike mass, transparent in thin layers, and somewhat fluorescent. It is used as a bland protective dressing, and as a substitute for fatty materials in ointments.
Petroleum	Rock oil, mineral oil, or natural oil, a dark brown or greenish inflammable liquid, which, at certain points, exists in the upper strata of the earth, from whence it is pumped, or forced by pressure of the gas attending it. It consists of a complex mixture of various hydrocarbons, largely of the methane series, but may vary much in appearance, composition, and properties. It is refined by distillation, and the products include kerosene, benzine, gasoline, paraffin, etc.
Petroleur	Alt. of Petroleuse
Petroleuse	One who makes use of petroleum for incendiary purposes.
Petroline	A paraffin obtained from petroleum from Rangoon in India, and practically identical with ordinary paraffin.
Petrologic	Alt. of Petrological
Petrological	Of or pertaining to petrology.
Petrologically	According to petrology.
Petrologist	One who is versed in petrology.
Petrology	The department of science which is concerned with the mineralogical and chemical composition of rocks, and with their classification: lithology.
Petrology	A treatise on petrology.
Petromastoid	Of or pertaining to the petrous and mastoid parts of the temporal bone, periotic.
Petromyzont	A lamprey.
Petronel	A sort of hand cannon, or portable firearm, used in France in the 15th century.
Petrosal	Hard; stony; petrous; as, the petrosal bone; petrosal part of the temporal bone.
Petrosal	Of, pertaining to, or in the region of, the petrous, or petrosal, bone, or the corresponding part of the temporal bone.
Petrosal	A petrosal bone.
Petrosal	The auditory capsule.
Petrosilex	Felsite.
Petrosilicious	Containing, or consisting of, petrosilex.
Petrostearine	A solid unctuous material, of which candles are made.
Petrous	Like stone; hard; stony; rocky; as, the petrous part of the temporal bone.
Petrous	Same as Petrosal.
Pettichaps	See Pettychaps.
Petticoat	A loose under-garment worn by women, and covering the body below the waist.
Pettifogged	of Pettifog
Pettifogging	of Pettifog
Pettifog	To do a petty business as a lawyer; also, to do law business in a petty or tricky way.
Pettifog	To advocate like a pettifogger; to argue trickily; as, to pettifog a claim.
Pettifogger	A lawyer who deals in petty cases; an attorney whose methods are mean and tricky; an inferior lawyer.
ies	of Pettifoggery
Pettifoggery	The practice or arts of a pettifogger; disreputable tricks; quibbles.
Pettifogging	Paltry; quibbling; mean.
Pettifogging	Pettifoggery.
Pettifogulize	To act as a pettifogger; to use contemptible tricks.
Pettily	In a petty manner; frivolously.
Pettiness	The quality or state of being petty or paltry; littleness; meanness.
Pettish	Fretful; peevish; moody; capricious; inclined to ill temper.
Pettitoes	The toes or feet of a pig, -- often used as food; sometimes, in contempt, the human feet.
Petto	The breast.
Petty	Little; trifling; inconsiderable; also, inferior; subordinate; as, a petty fault; a petty prince.
Pettychaps	Any one of several species of small European singing birds of the subfamily Sylviinae, as the willow warbler, the chiff-chaff, and the golden warbler (Sylvia hortensis).
Pettywhin	The needle furze. See under Needle.
Petulance	Alt. of Petulancy
Petulancy	The quality or state of being petulant; temporary peevishness; pettishness; capricious ill humor.
Petulant	Forward; pert; insolent; wanton.
Petulant	Capriciously fretful; characterized by ill-natured freakishness; irritable.
Petulantly	In a petulant manner.
Petulcity	Wantonness; friskiness.
Petulcous	Wanton; frisky; lustful.
Petunia	A genus of solanaceous herbs with funnelform or salver-shaped corollas. Two species are common in cultivation, Petunia violacera, with reddish purple flowers, and P. nyctaginiflora, with white flowers. There are also many hybrid forms with variegated corollas.
Petunse	Alt. of Petuntze
Petuntse	Alt. of Petuntze
Petuntze	Powdered fledspar, kaolin, or quartz, used in the manufacture of porcelain.
Petworth marble	A kind of shell marble occurring in the Wealden clay at Petworth, in Sussex, England; -- called also Sussex marble.
Petzite	A telluride of silver and gold, related to hessite.
Peucedanin	A tasteless white crystalline substance, extracted from the roots of the sulphurwort (Peucedanum), masterwort (Imperatoria), and other related plants; -- called also imperatorin.
Peucil	A liquid resembling camphene, obtained by treating turpentine hydrochloride with lime.
Pew	One of the compartments in a church which are separated by low partitions, and have long seats upon which several persons may sit; -- sometimes called slip. Pews were originally made square, but are now usually long and narrow.
Pew	Any structure shaped like a church pew, as a stall, formerly used by money lenders, etc.; a box in theater; a pen; a sheepfold.
Pew	To furnish with pews.
Pewee	A common American tyrant flycatcher (Sayornis phoebe, or S. fuscus). Called also pewit, and phoebe.
Pewee	The woodcock.
Pewet	Same as Pewit.
Pewfellow	One who occupies the same pew with another.
Pewfellow	An intimate associate; a companion.
Pewit	The lapwing.
Pewit	The European black-headed, or laughing, gull (Xema ridibundus). See under Laughing.
Pewit	The pewee.
Pewter	A hard, tough, but easily fusible, alloy, originally consisting of tin with a little lead, but afterwards modified by the addition of copper, antimony, or bismuth.
Pewter	Utensils or vessels made of pewter, as dishes, porringers, drinking vessels, tankards, pots.
Pewterer	One whose occupation is to make utensils of pewter; a pewtersmith.
Pewtery	Belonging to, or resembling, pewter; as, a pewtery taste.
Pexity	Nap of cloth.
Peyer's glands	Patches of lymphoid nodules, in the walls of the small intestiness; agminated glands; -- called also Peyer's patches. In typhoid fever they become the seat of ulcers which are regarded as the characteristic organic lesion of that disease.
Peytrel	The breastplate of a horse's armor or harness. [Spelt also peitrel.] See Poitrel.
Peziza	A genus of fungi embracing a great number of species, some of which are remarkable for their regular cuplike form and deep colors.
Pezizoid	Resembling a fungus of the genus Peziza; having a cuplike form.
Pfennigs	of Pfennig
Pfennige	of Pfennig
Pfennig	A small copper coin of Germany. It is the hundredth part of a mark, or about a quarter of a cent in United States currency.
Phacelli	of Phacellus
Phacellus	One of the filaments on the inner surface of the gastric cavity of certain jellyfishes.
Phacochere	The wart hog.
Phacoid	Resembling a lentil; lenticular.
Phacolite	A colorless variety of chabazite; the original was from Leipa, in Bohemia.
Phacops	A genus of trilobites found in the Silurian and Devonian formations. Phacops bufo is one of the most common species.
Phaeacian	Of or pertaining to the Phaeacians, a fabulous seafaring people fond of the feast, the lyre, and the dance, mentioned by Homer.
Phaenogam	Any plant of the class Phaenogamia.
Phaenogamia	The class of flowering plants including all which have true flowers with distinct floral organs; phanerogamia.
Phaenogamian	Alt. of Phaenogamic
Phaenogamic	Same as Phaenogamous.
Phaenogamous	Having true flowers with with distinct floral organs; flowering.
Phaenomenon	See Phenomenon.
Phaeospore	A brownish zoospore, characteristic of an order (Phaeosporeae) of dark green or olive-colored algae.
Phaethon	The son of Helios (Phoebus), that is, the son of light, or of the sun. He is fabled to have obtained permission to drive the chariot of the sun, in doing which his want of skill would have set the world on fire, had he not been struck with a thunderbolt by Jupiter, and hurled headlong into the river Po.
Phaethon	A genus of oceanic birds including the tropic birds.
Phaeton	A four-wheeled carriage (with or without a top), open, or having no side pieces, in front of the seat. It is drawn by one or two horses.
Phaeton	See Phaethon.
Phaeton	A handsome American butterfly (Euphydryas, / Melitaea, Phaeton). The upper side of the wings is black, with orange-red spots and marginal crescents, and several rows of cream-colored spots; -- called also Baltimore.
Phagedena	A canine appetite; bulimia.
Phagedena	Spreading, obstinate ulceration.
Phagedenic	Alt. of PhagedenicAL
PhagedenicAL	Of, like, or pertaining to, phagedena; used in the treatment of phagedena; as, a phagedenic ulcer or medicine.
PhagedenicAL	A phagedenic medicine.
Phagedenous	Phagedenic.
Phagocyte	A leucocyte which plays a part in retrogressive processes by taking up (eating), in the form of fine granules, the parts to be removed.
Phainopepla	A small crested passerine bird (Phainopepla nitens), native of Mexico and the Southern United States. The adult male is of a uniform glossy blue-black; the female is brownish. Called also black flycatcher.
Phakoscope	An instrument for studying the mechanism of accommodation.
Phalaena	A linnaean genus which included the moths in general.
Phalaenid	Any moth of the family Phalaenidae, of which the cankerworms are examples; a geometrid.
Phalangeal	Alt. of Phalangal
Phalangal	Of or pertaining to the phalanges. See Phalanx, 2.
Phalanger	Any marsupial belonging to Phalangista, Cuscus, Petaurus, and other genera of the family Phalangistidae. They are arboreal, and the species of Petaurus are furnished with lateral parachutes. See Flying phalanger, under Flying.
Phalanges	pl. of Phalanx.
Phalangial	Alt. of Phalangian
Phalangian	Phalangeal.
Phalangides	of Phalangid
Phalangid	One of the Phalangoidea.
Phalangious	Of or pertaining to Phalangoidea.
Phalangist	Any arboreal marsupial of the genus Phalangista. The vulpine phalangist (P. vulpina) is the largest species, the full grown male being about two and a half feet long. It has a large bushy tail.
Phalangister	Alt. of Phalangistine
Phalangistine	Same as Phalangist.
Phalangite	A soldier belonging to a phalanx.
Phalangoidea	A division of Arachnoidea, including the daddy longlegs or harvestman (Phalangium) and many similar kinds. They have long, slender, many-jointed legs; usually a rounded, segmented abdomen; and chelate jaws. They breathe by tracheae. Called also Phalangides, Phalangidea, Phalangiida, and Opilionea.
Phalanstere	A phalanstery.
Phalansterian	Of or pertaining to phalansterianism.
Phalansterian	One who favors the system of phalansteries proposed by Fourier.
Phalansterism	Alt. of Phalansterianism
Phalansterianism	A system of phalansteries proposed by Fourier; Fourierism.
-ies	of Phalanstery
Phalanstery	An association or community organized on the plan of Fourier. See Fourierism.
Phalanstery	The dwelling house of a Fourierite community.
Phalanxes	of Phalanx
Phalanges	of Phalanx
Phalanx	A body of heavy-armed infantry formed in ranks and files close and deep. There were several different arrangements, the phalanx varying in depth from four to twenty-five or more ranks of men.
Phalanx	Any body of troops or men formed in close array, or any combination of people distinguished for firmness and solidity of a union.
Phalanx	A Fourierite community; a phalanstery.
Phalanx	One of the digital bones of the hand or foot, beyond the metacarpus or metatarsus; an internode.
Phalanx	A group or bundle of stamens, as in polyadelphous flowers.
Phalarope	Any species of Phalaropus and allied genera of small wading birds (Grallae), having lobate toes. They are often seen far from land, swimming in large flocks. Called also sea goose.
Phallic	Of or pertaining to the phallus, or to phallism.
Phallicism	See Phallism.
Phallism	The worship of the generative principle in nature, symbolized by the phallus.
Phalli	of Phallus
Phallus	The emblem of the generative power in nature, carried in procession in the Bacchic orgies, or worshiped in various ways.
Phallus	The penis or clitoris, or the embryonic or primitive organ from which either may be derived.
Phallus	A genus of fungi which have a fetid and disgusting odor; the stinkhorn.
Phane	See Fane.
Phanerite	Evident; visible.
Phanerocarpae	Same as Acraspeda.
Phanerocodonic	Having an umbrella-shaped or bell-shaped body, with a wide, open cavity beneath; -- said of certain jellyfishes.
Phanerocrystalline	Distinctly crystalline; -- used of rocks. Opposed to cryptocrystalline.
Phanerodactyla	Same as Saururae.
Phanerogamia	That one of the two primary divisions of the vegetable kingdom which contains the phanerogamic, or flowering, plants.
Phanerogamian	Phanerogamous.
Phanerogamic	Alt. of Phanerogamous
Phanerogamous	Having visible flowers containing distinct stamens and pistils; -- said of plants.
Phaneroglossal	Having a conspicious tongue; -- said of certain reptiles and insects.
Phantascope	An optical instrument or toy, resembling the phenakistoscope, and illustrating the same principle; -- called also phantasmascope.
Phantasm	An image formed by the mind, and supposed to be real or material; a shadowy or airy appearance; sometimes, an optical illusion; a phantom; a dream.
Phantasm	A mental image or representation of a real object; a fancy; a notion.
Phantasma	A phantasm.
Phantasmagoria	An optical effect produced by a magic lantern. The figures are painted in transparent colors, and all the rest of the glass is opaque black. The screen is between the spectators and the instrument, and the figures are often made to appear as in motion, or to merge into one another.
Phantasmagoria	The apparatus by which such an effect is produced.
Phantasmagoria	Fig.: A medley of figures; illusive images.
Phantasmagorial	Of, relating to, or resembling phantasmagoria; phantasmagoric.
Phantasmagoric	Of or pertaining to phantasmagoria; phantasmagorial.
Phantasmagory	See Phantasmagoria.
Phantasmal	Pertaining to, of the nature of, or resembling, a phantasm; spectral; illusive.
Phantasmascope	See Phantascope.
Phantasmatical	Phantasmal.
Phantasmatography	A description of celestial phenomena, as rainbows, etc.
Phantastic	Alt. of Phantastical
Phantastical	See Fantastic.
Phantasy	See Fantasy, and Fancy.
Phantom	That which has only an apparent existence; an apparition; a specter; a phantasm; a sprite; an airy spirit; an ideal image.
Phantomatic	Phantasmal.
Pharaoh	A title by which the sovereigns of ancient Egypt were designated.
Pharaoh	See Faro.
Pharaon	See Pharaoh, 2.
Pharaonic	Of or pertaining to the Pharaohs, or kings of ancient Egypt.
Phare	A beacon tower; a lighthouse.
Phare	Hence, a harbor.
Pharisaic	Alt. of Pharisaical
Pharisaical	Of or pertaining to the Pharisees; resembling the Pharisees.
Pharisaical	Addicted to external forms and ceremonies; making a show of religion without the spirit of it; ceremonial; formal; hypocritical; self-righteous.
Pharisaism	The notions, doctrines, and conduct of the Pharisees, as a sect.
Pharisaism	Rigid observance of external forms of religion, without genuine piety; hypocrisy in religion; a censorious, self-righteous spirit in matters of morals or manners.
Pharisean	Following the practice of Pharisees; Pharisaic.
Pharisee	One of a sect or party among the Jews, noted for a strict and formal observance of rites and ceremonies and of the traditions of the elders, and whose pretensions to superior sanctity led them to separate themselves from the other Jews.
Phariseeism	See Pharisaism.
Pharmaceutic	Alt. of Pharmaceutical
Pharmaceutical	Of or pertaining to the knowledge or art of pharmacy, or to the art of preparing medicines according to the rules or formulas of pharmacy; as, pharmaceutical preparations.
Pharmaceutics	The science of preparing medicines.
Pharmaceutist	One skilled in pharmacy; a druggist. See the Note under Apothecary.
Pharmacist	One skilled in pharmacy; a pharmaceutist; a druggist.
Pharmacodynamics	That branch of pharmacology which considers the mode of action, and the effects, of medicines.
Pharmacognosis	That branch of pharmacology which treats of unprepared medicines or simples; -- called also pharmacography, and pharmacomathy.
Pharmacognosy	Pharmacognosis.
Pharmacography	See Pharmacognosis.
Pharmacolite	A hydrous arsenate of lime, usually occurring in silky fibers of a white or grayish color.
Pharmacologist	One skilled in pharmacology.
Pharmacology	Knowledge of drugs or medicines; the art of preparing medicines.
Pharmacology	A treatise on the art of preparing medicines.
Pharmacomathy	See Pharmacognosis.
Pharmacon	A medicine or drug; also, a poison.
Pharmacopoeia	A book or treatise describing the drugs, preparations, etc., used in medicine; especially, one that is issued by official authority and considered as an authoritative standard.
Pharmacopoeia	A chemical laboratory.
Pharmacopolist	One who sells medicines; an apothecary.
Pharmacosiderite	A hydrous arsenate of iron occurring in green or yellowish green cubic crystals; cube ore.
Pharmacy	The art or practice of preparing and preserving drugs, and of compounding and dispensing medicines according to prescriptions of physicians; the occupation of an apothecary or a pharmaceutical chemist.
Pharmacy	A place where medicines are compounded; a drug store; an apothecary's shop.
Pharo	A pharos; a lighthouse.
Pharo	See Faro.
Pharology	The art or science which treats of lighthouses and signal lights.
Pharos	A lighthouse or beacon for the guidance of seamen.
Pharyngal	Pharyngeal.
Pharyngeal	Of or pertaining to the pharynx; in the region of the pharynx.
Pharyngeal	A pharyngeal bone or cartilage; especially, one of the lower pharyngeals, which belong to the rudimentary fifth branchial arch in many fishes, or one of the upper pharyngeals, or pharyngobranchials, which are the dorsal elements in the complete branchial arches.
Pharyngitis	Inflammation of the pharynx.
Pharyngobranchial	Of or pertaining to the pharynx and the branchiae; -- applied especially to the dorsal elements in the branchial arches of fishes. See Pharyngeal.
Pharyngobranchial	A pharyngobranchial, or upper pharyngeal, bone or cartilage.
Pharyngobranchii	Same as Leptocardia.
Pharyngognathi	A division of fishes in which the lower pharyngeal bones are united. It includes the scaroid, labroid, and embioticoid fishes.
Pharyngolaryngeal	Of or pertaining both to pharynx and the larynx.
Pharyngopneusta	A group of invertebrates including the Tunicata and Enteropneusta.
Pharyngotome	An instrument for incising or scarifying the tonsils, etc.
Pharyngotomy	The operation of making an incision into the pharynx, to remove a tumor or anything that obstructs the passage.
Pharyngotomy	Scarification or incision of the tonsils.
pharynges	of Pharynx
Pharynx	The part of the alimentary canal between the cavity of the mouth and the esophagus. It has one or two external openings through the nose in the higher vertebrates, and lateral branchial openings in fishes and some amphibias.
Phascolome	A marsupial of the genus Phascolomys; a wombat.
Phases	of Phase
Phase	That which is exhibited to the eye; the appearance which anything manifests, especially any one among different and varying appearances of the same object.
Phase	Any appearance or aspect of an object of mental apprehension or view; as, the problem has many phases.
Phase	A particular appearance or state in a regularly recurring cycle of changes with respect to quantity of illumination or form of enlightened disk; as, the phases of the moon or planets. See Illust. under Moon.
Phase	Any one point or portion in a recurring series of changes, as in the changes of motion of one of the particles constituting a wave or vibration; one portion of a series of such changes, in distinction from a contrasted portion, as the portion on one side of a position of equilibrium, in contrast with that on the opposite side.
Phasel	The French bean, or kidney bean.
Phaseless	Without a phase, or visible form.
Phaseolus	A genus of leguminous plants, including the Lima bean, the kidney bean, the scarlet runner, etc. See Bean.
Phaseomannite	Same as Inosite.
Phases	of Phasis
Phasis	See Phase.
Phasm	Alt. of Phasma
Phasma	An apparition; a phantom; an appearance.
Phasmid	Any orthopterous insect of the family Phasmidae, as a leaf insect or a stick insect.
Phassachate	The lead-colored agate; -- so called in reference to its color.
Phatagin	The long-tailed pangolin (Manis tetradactyla); -- called also ipi.
Pheasant	Any one of numerous species of large gallinaceous birds of the genus Phasianus, and many other genera of the family Phasianidae, found chiefly in Asia.
Pheasant	The ruffed grouse.
Pheasantry	A place for keeping and rearing pheasants.
Phebe	See Phoebe.
Pheer	See 1st Fere.
Pheese	To comb; also, to beat; to worry.
Pheese	Fretful excitement.
Phelloderm	A layer of green parenchimatous cells formed on the inner side of the phellogen.
Phellogen	The tissue of young cells which produces cork cells.
Phelloplastics	Art of modeling in cork.
Phenacite	A glassy colorless mineral occurring in rhombohedral crystals, sometimes used as a gem.  It is a silicate of glucina, and receives its name from its deceptive similarity to quartz.
Phenakistoscope	A revolving disk on which figures drawn in different relative attitudes are seen successively, so as to produce the appearance of an object in actual motion, as an animal leaping, etc., in consequence of the persistence of the successive visual impressions of the retina. It is often arranged so that the figures may be projected upon a screen.
Phenanthrene	A complex hydrocarbon, C14H10, found in coal tar, and obtained as a white crystalline substance with a bluish fluorescence.
Phenanthridine	A nitrogenous hydrocarbon base, C13H9N, analogous to phenanthrene and quinoline.
Phenanthroline	Either of two metameric nitrogenous hydrocarbon bases, C12H8N2, analogous to phenanthridine, but more highly nitrogenized.
Phene	Benzene.
Phenetol	The ethyl ether of phenol, obtained as an aromatic liquid, C6H5.O.C2H5.
Phenic	Of, pertaining to, derived from, or resembling, phenyl or phenol.
Phenician	See Phoenician.
Phenicine	A purple powder precipitated when a sulphuric solution of indigo is diluted with water.
Phenicine	A coloring matter produced by the action of a mixture of strong nitric and sulphuric acids on phenylic alcohol.
Phenicious	Of a red color with a slight mixture of gray.
Phenicopter	A flamingo.
Phenixes	of Phenix
Phenix	A bird fabled to exist single, to be consumed by fire by its own act, and to rise again from its ashes.  Hence, an emblem of immortality.
Phenix	A southern constellation.
Phenix	A marvelous person or thing.
Phenogamia	Same as Phaenogamia.
Phenogamian	Alt. of Phenogamous
Phenogamic	Alt. of Phenogamous
Phenogamous	Same as Phaenogamian, Phaenogamic, etc.
Phenol	A white or pinkish crystalline substance, C6H5OH, produced by the destructive distillation of many organic bodies, as wood, coal, etc., and obtained from the heavy oil from coal tar.
Phenol	Any one of the series of hydroxyl derivatives of which phenol proper is the type.
Phenolate	A compound of phenol analogous to a salt.
Phenomenal	Relating to, or of the nature of, a phenomenon; hence, extraordinary; wonderful; as, a phenomenal memory.
Phenomenalism	That theory which limits positive or scientific knowledge to phenomena only, whether material or spiritual.
Phenomenist	One who believes in the theory of phenomenalism.
Phenomenology	A description, history, or explanation of phenomena.
Phenomena	of Phenomenon
Phenomenon	An appearance; anything visible; whatever, in matter or spirit, is apparent to, or is apprehended by, observation; as, the phenomena of heat, light, or electricity; phenomena of imagination or memory.
Phenomenon	That which strikes one as strange, unusual, or unaccountable; an extraordinary or very remarkable person, thing, or occurrence; as, a musical phenomenon.
Phenose	A sweet amorphous deliquescent substance obtained indirectly from benzene, and isometric with, and resembling, dextrose.
Phenyl	A hydrocarbon radical (C6H5) regarded as the essential residue of benzene, and the basis of an immense number of aromatic derivatives.
Phenylamine	Any one of certain class of organic bases regarded as formed from ammonia by the substitution of phenyl for hydrogen.
Phenylene	A hypothetic radical (C6H4) occurring in certain derivatives of benzene; as, phenylene diamine.
Phenylic	Pertaining to, derived from, or containing, phenyl.
Pheon	A bearing representing the head of a dart or javelin, with long barbs which are engrailed on the inner edge.
Phial	A glass vessel or bottle, especially a small bottle for medicines; a vial.
Phialed	of Phial
Phialing	of Phial
Phial	To put or keep in, or as in, a phial.
Philabeg	See Filibeg.
Philadelphian	Of or pertaining to Ptolemy Philadelphus, or to one of the cities named Philadelphia, esp. the modern city in Pennsylvania.
Philadelphian	A native or an inhabitant of Philadelphia.
Philadelphian	One of a society of mystics of the seventeenth century, -- called also the Family of Love.
Philalethist	A lover of the truth.
Philander	To make love to women; to play the male flirt.
Philander	A lover.
Philander	A South American opossum (Didelphys philander).
Philander	An Australian bandicoot (Perameles lagotis).
Philanderer	One who hangs about women; a male flirt.
Philanthrope	A philanthropist.
Philanthropic	Alt. of Philanthropical
Philanthropical	Of or pertaining to philanthropy; characterized by philanthropy; loving or helping mankind; as, a philanthropic enterprise.
Philanthropinism	A system of education on so-called natural principles, attempted in Germany in the last century by Basedow, of Dessau.
Philanthropinist	An advocate of, or believer in, philanthropinism.
Philanthropist	One who practices philanthropy; one who loves mankind, and seeks to promote the good of others.
Philanthropistic	Pertaining to, or characteristic of, a philanthropist.
Philanthropy	Love to mankind; benevolence toward the whole human family; universal good will; desire and readiness to do good to all men; -- opposed to misanthropy.
Philatelic	Of or pertaining to philately.
Philatelist	One versed in philately; one who collects postage stamps.
Philately	The collection of postage stamps of various issues.
Philatory	A kind of transparent reliquary with an ornamental top.
Philauty	Self-love; selfishness.
Philharmonic	Loving harmony or music.
Philhellene	A friend of Greece, or of the Greeks; a philhellenist.
Philhellenic	Of or pertaining to philhellenism.
Philhellenism	Love of Greece.
Philhellenist	A friend of Greece; one who supports the cause of the Greeks; particularly, one who supported them in their struggle for independence against the Turks; a philhellene.
Philibeg	See Filibeg.
Philip	The European hedge sparrow.
Philip	The house sparrow. Called also phip.
Philippian	Of or pertaining to Philippi, a city of ancient Macedonia.
Philippian	A native or an inhabitant of Philippi.
Philippic	Any one of the series of famous orations of Demosthenes, the Grecian orator, denouncing Philip, king of Macedon.
Philippic	Hence: Any discourse or declamation abounding in acrimonious invective.
Philippium	A rare and doubtful metallic element said to have been discovered in the mineral samarskite.
Philippized	of Philippize
Philippizing	of Philippize
Philippize	To support or advocate the cause of Philip of Macedon.
Philippize	To write or speak in the style of a philippic.
Philister	A Philistine; -- a cant name given to townsmen by students in German universities.
Philistine	A native or an inhabitant of ancient Philistia, a coast region of southern Palestine.
Philistine	A bailiff.
Philistine	A person deficient in liberal culture and refinement; one without appreciation of the nobler aspirations and sentiments of humanity; one whose scope is limited to selfish and material interests.
Philistine	Of or pertaining to the Philistines.
Philistine	Uncultured; commonplace.
Philistinism	The condition, character, aims, and habits of the class called Philistines. See Philistine, 3.
Phillipsite	A hydrous silicate of aluminia, lime, and soda, a zeolitic mineral commonly occurring in complex twin crystals, often cruciform in shape; -- called also christianite.
Phillygenin	A pearly crystalline substance obtained by the decomposition of phillyrin.
Phillyrea	A genus of evergreen plants growing along the shores of the Mediterranean, and breading a fruit resembling that of the olive.
Phillyrin	A glucoside extracted from Phillyrea as a bitter white crystalline substance. It is sometimes used as a febrifuge.
Philo-	A combining form from Gr. fi`los loving, fond of, attached to; as, philosophy, philotechnic.
Philogynist	A lover or friend of women; one who esteems woman as the higher type of humanity; -- opposed to misogynist.
Philogyny	Fondness for women; uxoriousness; -- opposed to misogyny.
Philohellenian	A philhellenist.
Philologer	A philologist.
Philologian	A philologist.
Philological	Alt. of Philologic
Philologic	Of or pertaining to philology.
Philologist	One versed in philology.
Philologize	To study, or make critical comments on, language.
Philologue	A philologist.
Philology	Criticism; grammatical learning.
Philology	The study of language, especially in a philosophical manner and as a science; the investigation of the laws of human speech, the relation of different tongues to one another, and historical development of languages; linguistic science.
Philology	A treatise on the science of language.
Philomath	A lover of learning; a scholar.
Philomathematic	A philomath.
Philomathic	Of or pertaining to philomathy.
Philomathic	Having love of learning or letters.
Philomathy	The love of learning or letters.
Philomel	Same as Philomela, the nightingale.
Philomela	The nightingale; philomel.
Philomela	A genus of birds including the nightingales.
Philomene	The nightingale.
Philomot	Of the color of a dead leaf.
Philomusical	Loving music. [R.]Busby.
Philopena	A present or gift which is made as a forfeit in a social game that is played in various ways; also, the game itself.
Philopolemic	Alt. of Philopolemical
Philopolemical	Fond of polemics or controversy.
Philoprogenitive	Having the love of offspring; fond of children.
Philoprogenitiveness	The love of offspring; fondness for children.
Philosophaster	A pretender to philosophy.
Philosophate	To play the philosopher; to moralize.
Philosophation	Philosophical speculation and discussion.
Philosophe	A philosophaster; a philosopher.
Philosopheme	A philosophical proposition, doctrine, or principle of reasoning.
Philosopher	One who philosophizes; one versed in, or devoted to, philosophy.
Philosopher	One who reduces the principles of philosophy to practice in the conduct of life; one who lives according to the rules of practical wisdom; one who meets or regards all vicissitudes with calmness.
Philosopher	An alchemist.
Philosophic	Alt. of Philosophical
Philosophical	Of or pertaining to philosophy; versed in, or imbued with, the principles of philosophy; hence, characterizing a philosopher; rational; wise; temperate; calm; cool.
Philosophism	Spurious philosophy; the love or practice of sophistry.
Philosophist	A pretender in philosophy.
Philosophistic	Alt. of Philosophistical
Philosophistical	Of or pertaining to the love or practice of sophistry.
Philosophized	of Philosophize
Philosophizing	of Philosophize
Philosophize	To reason like a philosopher; to search into the reason and nature of things; to investigate phenomena, and assign rational causes for their existence.
Philosophizer	One who philosophizes.
Philosophies	of Philosophy
Philosophy	Literally, the love of, including the search after, wisdom; in actual usage, the knowledge of phenomena as explained by, and resolved into, causes and reasons, powers and laws.
Philosophy	A particular philosophical system or theory; the hypothesis by which particular phenomena are explained.
Philosophy	Practical wisdom; calmness of temper and judgment; equanimity; fortitude; stoicism; as, to meet misfortune with philosophy.
Philosophy	Reasoning; argumentation.
Philosophy	The course of sciences read in the schools.
Philosophy	A treatise on philosophy.
Philostorgy	Natural affection, as of parents for their children.
Philotechnic	Alt. of Philotechnical
Philotechnical	Fond of the arts.
Philter	A potion or charm intended to excite the passion of love.
Philtered	of Philter
Philtering	of Philter
Philter	To impregnate or mix with a love potion; as, to philter a draught.
Philter	To charm to love; to excite to love or sexual desire by a potion.
Phimosis	A condition of the penis in which the prepuce can not be drawn back so as to uncover the glans penis.
Phitoness	Pythoness; witch.
Phizes	of Phiz
Phiz	The face or visage.
Phlebitis	Inflammation of a vein.
Phlebogram	A tracing (with the sphygmograph) of the movements of a vein, or of the venous pulse.
Phlebolite	Alt. of Phlebolith
Phlebolith	A small calcareous concretion formed in a vein; a vein stone.
Phlebology	A branch of anatomy which treats of the veins.
Phlebotomist	One who practiced phlebotomy.
Phlebotomized	of Phlebotomize
Phlebotomizing	of Phlebotomize
Phlebotomize	To let blood from by opening a vein; to bleed.
Phlebotomy	The act or practice of opening a vein for letting blood, in the treatment of disease; venesection; bloodletting.
Phlegm	One of the four humors of which the ancients supposed the blood to be composed. See Humor.
Phlegm	Viscid mucus secreted in abnormal quantity in the respiratory and digestive passages.
Phlegm	A watery distilled liquor, in distinction from a spirituous liquor.
Phlegm	Sluggishness of temperament; dullness; want of interest; indifference; coldness.
Phlegmagogue	A medicine supposed to expel phlegm.
Phlegmasia	An inflammation; more particularly, an inflammation of the internal organs.
Phlegmatic	Watery.
Phlegmatic	Abounding in phlegm; as, phlegmatic humors; a phlegmatic constitution.
Phlegmatic	Generating or causing phlegm.
Phlegmatic	Not easily excited to action or passion; cold; dull; sluggish; heavy; as, a phlegmatic person.
Phlegmatical	Phlegmatic.
Phlegmatically	In a phlegmatic manner.
Phlegmaticly	Phlegmatically.
Phlegmon	Purulent inflammation of the cellular or areolar tissue.
Phlegmonous	Having the nature or properties of phlegmon; as, phlegmonous pneumonia.
Phleme	See Fleam.
Phleum	A genus of grasses, including the timothy (Phleum pratense), which is highly valued for hay; cat's-tail grass.
Phloem	That portion of fibrovascular bundles which corresponds to the inner bark; the liber tissue; -- distinguished from xylem.
Phlogistian	A believer in the existence of phlogiston.
Phlogistic	Of or pertaining to phlogiston, or to belief in its existence.
Phlogistic	Inflammatory; belonging to inflammations and fevers.
Phlogistical	Phlogistic.
Phlogisticated	of Phlogisticate
Phlogisticating	of Phlogisticate
Phlogisticate	To combine phlogiston with; -- usually in the form and sense of the p. p. or the adj.; as, highly phlogisticated substances.
Phlogistication	The act or process of combining with phlogiston.
Phlogiston	The hypothetical principle of fire, or inflammability, regarded by Stahl as a chemical element.
Phlogogenous	Causing inflammation.
Phlogopite	A kind of mica having generally a peculiar bronze-red or copperlike color and a pearly luster. It is a silicate of aluminia, with magnesia, potash, and some fluorine. It is characteristic of crystalline limestone or dolomite and serpentine. See Mica.
Phlogosis	Inflammation of external parts of the body; erysipelatous inflammation.
Phlogotic	Of or pertaining to phlogisis.
Phloramine	A basic amido derivative of phloroglucin, having an astringent taste.
Phloretic	Pertaining to, or derived from, or designating, an organic acid obtained by the decomposition of phloretin.
Phloretin	A bitter white crystalline substance obtained by the decomposition of phlorizin, and formerly used to some extent as a substitute for quinine.
Phlorizin	A bitter white crystalline glucoside extracted from the root bark of the apple, pear, cherry, plum, etc.
Phloroglucin	A sweet white crystalline substance, metameric with pyrogallol, and obtained by the decomposition of phloretin, and from certain gums, as catechu, kino, etc. It belongs to the class of phenols. [Called also phloroglucinol.]
Phlorol	A liquid metameric with xylenol, belonging to the class of phenols, and obtained by distilling certain salts of phloretic acid.
Phlorone	A yellow crystalline substance having a peculiar unpleasant odor, resembling the quinones, and obtained from beechwood tar and coal tar, as also by the oxidation of xylidine; -- called also xyloquinone.
Phlox	A genus of American herbs, having showy red, white, or purple flowers.
Phlyctenular	Characterized by the presence of small pustules, or whitish elevations resembling pustules; as, phlyctenular ophthalmia.
Phoca	A genus of seals. It includes the common harbor seal and allied species. See Seal.
Phocacean	Any species of Phoca; a seal.
Phocal	Pertaining to seals.
Phocenic	Of or pertaining to dolphin oil or porpoise oil; -- said of an acid (called also delphinic acid) subsequently found to be identical with valeric acid.
Phocenin	See Delphin.
Phocine	Of or pertaining to the seal tribe; phocal.
Phocodont	One of the Phocodontia.
Phocodontia	A group of extinct carnivorous whales. Their teeth had compressed and serrated crowns. It includes Squalodon and allied genera.
Phoebe	The pewee, or pewit.
Phoebus	Apollo; the sun god.
Phoebus	The sun.
Phoenician	Of or pertaining to Phoenica.
Phoenician	A native or inhabitant of Phoenica.
Phoenicious	See Phenicious.
Phoenicopterus	A genus of birds which includes the flamingoes.
Phoenix	Same as Phenix.
Phoenix	A genus of palms including the date tree.
Pholad	Any species of Pholas.
Pholadean	Pholad.
Pholades	of Pholas
Pholas	Any one of numerous species of marine bivalve mollusks of the genus Pholas, or family Pholadidae. They bore holes for themselves in clay, peat, and soft rocks.
Phonal	Of or relating to the voice; as, phonal structure.
Phonascetics	Treatment for restoring or improving the voice.
Phonation	The act or process by which articulate sounds are uttered; the utterance of articulate sounds; articulate speech.
Phonautograph	An instrument by means of which a sound can be made to produce a visible trace or record of itself. It consists essentially of a resonant vessel, usually of paraboloidal form, closed at one end by a flexible membrane. A stylus attached to some point of the membrane records the movements of the latter, as it vibrates, upon a moving cylinder or plate.
Phoneidoscope	An instrument for studying the motions of sounding bodies by optical means. It consists of a tube across the end of which is stretched a film of soap solution thin enough to give colored bands, the form and position of which are affected by sonorous vibrations.
Phonetic	Of or pertaining to the voice, or its use.
Phonetic	Representing sounds; as, phonetic characters; -- opposed to ideographic; as, a phonetic notation.
Phonetically	In a phonetic manner.
Phonetician	One versed in phonetics; a phonetist.
Phonetics	The doctrine or science of sounds; especially those of the human voice; phonology.
Phonetics	The art of representing vocal sounds by signs and written characters.
Phonetism	The science which treats of vocal sounds.
Phonetist	One versed in phonetics; a phonologist.
Phonetist	One who advocates a phonetic spelling.
Phonetization	The act, art, or process of representing sounds by phonetic signs.
Phonetize	To represent by phonetic signs.
Phonic	Of or pertaining to sound; of the nature of sound; acoustic.
Phonics	See Phonetics.
Phono-	A combining form from Gr. / sound, tone; as, phonograph, phonology.
Phono	A South American butterfly (Ithonia phono) having nearly transparent wings.
Phonocamptic	Reflecting sound.
Phonogram	A letter, character, or mark used to represent a particular sound.
Phonogram	A record of sounds made by a phonograph.
Phonograph	A character or symbol used to represent a sound, esp. one used in phonography.
Phonograph	An instrument for the mechanical registration and reproduction of audible sounds, as articulate speech, etc. It consists of a rotating cylinder or disk covered with some material easily indented, as tinfoil, wax, paraffin, etc., above which is a thin plate carrying a stylus. As the plate vibrates under the influence of a sound, the stylus makes minute indentations or undulations in the soft material, and these, when the cylinder or disk is again turned, set the plate in vibration, and reproduce the sound.
Phonographer	One versed or skilled in phonography.
Phonographer	One who uses, or is skilled in the use of, the phonograph. See Phonograph, 2.
Phonographic	Alt. of Phonographical
Phonographical	Of or pertaining to phonography; based upon phonography.
Phonographical	Of or pertaining to phonograph; done by the phonograph.
Phonographically	In a phonographic manner; by means of phonograph.
Phonographist	Phonographer.
Phonography	A description of the laws of the human voice, or sounds uttered by the organs of speech.
Phonography	A representation of sounds by distinctive characters; commonly, a system of shorthand writing invented by Isaac Pitman, or a modification of his system, much used by reporters.
Phonography	The art of constructing, or using, the phonograph.
Phonolite	A compact, feldspathic, igneous rock containing nephelite, hauynite, etc. Thin slabs give a ringing sound when struck; -- called also clinkstone.
Phonologer	A phonologist.
Phonologic	Alt. of Phonological
Phonological	Of or pertaining to phonology.
Phonologist	One versed in phonology.
Phonology	The science or doctrine of the elementary sounds uttered by the human voice in speech, including the various distinctions, modifications, and combinations of tones; phonetics. Also, a treatise on sounds.
Phonometer	An instrument for measuring sounds, as to their intensity, or the frequency of the vibrations.
Phonomotor	An instrument in which motion is produced by the vibrations of a sounding body.
Phonorganon	A speaking machine.
Phonoscope	An instrument for observing or exhibiting the motions or properties of sounding bodies; especially, an apparatus invented by Konig for testing the quality of musical strings.
Phonoscope	An instrument for producing luminous figures by the vibrations of sounding bodies.
Phonotypr	A type or character used in phonotypy.
Phonotypic	Alt. of Phonotypical
Phonotypical	Of or pertaining to phonotypy; as, a phonotypic alphabet.
Phonotypist	One versed in phonotypy.
Phonotypy	A method of phonetic printing of the English language, as devised by Mr. Pitman, in which nearly all the ordinary letters and many new forms are employed in order to indicate each elementary sound by a separate character.
Phorminx	A kind of lyre used by the Greeks.
Phormium	A genus of liliaceous plants, consisting of one species (Phormium tenax). See Flax-plant.
Phorone	A yellow crystalline substance, having a geraniumlike odor, regarded as a complex derivative of acetone, and obtained from certain camphor compounds.
Phoronis	A remarkable genus of marine worms having tentacles around the mouth. It is usually classed with the gephyreans. Its larva (Actinotrocha) undergoes a peculiar metamorphosis.
Phoronomia	See Phoronomics.
Phoronomics	The science of motion; kinematics.
Phosgene	Producing, or produced by, the action of light; -- formerly used specifically to designate a gas now called carbonyl chloride. See Carbonyl.
Phosgenite	A rare mineral occurring in tetragonal crystals of a white, yellow, or grayish color and adamantine luster. It is a chlorocarbonate of lead.
Phospham	An inert amorphous white powder, PN2H, obtained by passing ammonia over heated phosphorus.
Phosphate	A salt of phosphoric acid.
Phosphatic	Pertaining to, or containing, phosphorus, phosphoric acid, or phosphates; as, phosphatic nodules.
Phosphaturia	The excessive discharge of phosphates in the urine.
Phosphene	A luminous impression produced through excitation of the retina by some cause other than the impingement upon it of rays of light, as by pressure upon the eyeball when the lids are closed.  Cf. After-image.
Phosphide	A binary compound of phosphorus.
Phosphine	A colorless gas, PH3, analogous to ammonia, and having a disagreeable odor resembling that of garlic. Called also hydrogen phosphide, and formerly, phosphureted hydrogen.
Phosphinic	Pertaining to, or designating, certain acids analogous to the phosphonic acids, but containing two hydrocarbon radicals, and derived from the secondary phosphines by oxidation.
Phosphite	A salt of phosphorous acid.
Phosphonic	Pertaining to, or designating, certain derivatives of phosphorous acid containing a hydrocarbon radical, and analogous to the sulphonic acid.
Phosphonium	The hypothetical radical PH4, analogous to ammonium, and regarded as the nucleus of certain derivatives of phosphine.
Phosphor	Phosphorus.
Phosphor	The planet Venus, when appearing as the morning star; Lucifer.
Phosphorated	of Phosphorate
Phosphorating	of Phosphorate
Phosphorate	To impregnate, or combine, with phosphorus or its compounds; as, phosphorated oil.
Phosphor-bronze	A variety of bronze possessing great hardness, elasticity, and toughness, obtained by melting copper with tin phosphide. It contains one or two per cent of phosphorus and from five to fifteen per cent of tin.
Phosphoreous	Phosphorescent.
Phosphoresced	of Phosphoresce
Phosphorescing	of Phosphoresce
Phosphoresce	To shine as phosphorus; to be phosphorescent; to emit a phosphoric light.
Phosphorescence	The quality or state of being phosphorescent; or the act of phosphorescing.
Phosphorescence	A phosphoric light.
Phosphorescent	Shining with a phosphoric light; luminous without sensible heat.
Phosphorescent	A phosphorescent substance.
Phosphoric	Of or pertaining to phosphorus; resembling, or containing, from us; specifically, designating those compounds in which phosphorus has a higher valence as contrasted with the phosphorous compounds.
Phosphoric	Phosphorescent.
Phosphorical	Phosphoric.
Phosphorite	A massive variety of apatite.
Phosphoritic	Pertaining to phosphorite; resembling, or of the nature of, phosphorite.
Phosphorize	To phosphorate.
Phosphorized	Containing, or impregnated with, phosphorus.
Phosphorogenic	Generating phosphorescence; as, phosphorogenic rays.
Phosphoroscope	An apparatus for observing the phosphorescence produced in different bodies by the action of light, and for measuring its duration.
Phosphorous	Of or pertaining to phosphorus; resembling or containing phosphorus; specifically, designating those compounds in which phosphorus has a lower valence as contrasted with phosphoric compounds; as, phosphorous acid, H3PO3.
Phosphori	of Phosphorus
Phosphorus	The morning star; Phosphor.
Phosphorus	A poisonous nonmetallic element of the nitrogen group, obtained as a white, or yellowish, translucent waxy substance, having a characteristic disagreeable smell. It is very active chemically, must be preserved under water, and unites with oxygen even at ordinary temperatures, giving a faint glow, -- whence its name. It always occurs compined, usually in phosphates, as in the mineral apatite, in bones, etc. It is used in the composition on the tips of friction matches, and for many other purposes. The molecule contains four atoms. Symbol P. Atomic weight 31.0.
Phosphorus	Hence, any substance which shines in the dark like phosphorus, as certain phosphorescent bodies.
Phosphoryl	The radical PO, regarded as the typical nucleus of certain compounds.
Phosphuret	A phosphide.
Phosphureted	Impregnated, or combined, with phosphorus.
Photic	Relating to the production of light by the lower animals.
Photics	The science of light; -- a general term sometimes employed when optics is restricted to light as a producing vision.
Photos	of Photo
Photo	A contraction of Photograph.
Photo-	A combining form from Gr. fw^s, fwto`s, light; as, photography, phototype, photometer.
Photobiotic	Requiring light to live; incapable of living without light; as, photobiotic plant cells.
Photochemical	Of or pertaining to chemical action of light, or produced by it; as, the photochemical changes of the visual purple of the retina.
Photochemistry	The branch of chemistry which relates to the effect of light in producing chemical changes, as in photography.
Photochromic	Alt. of Photochromatic
Photochromatic	Of or pertaining to photochromy; produced by photochromy.
Photochromy	The art or process of reproducing colors by photography.
Photodrome	An apparatus consisting of a large wheel with spokes, which when turning very rapidly is illuminated by momentary flashes of light passing through slits in a rotating disk.  By properly timing the succession of flashes the wheel is made to appear to be motionless, or to rotate more or less slowly in either direction.
Photo-electric	Acting by the operation of both light and electricity; -- said of apparatus for producing pictures by electric light.
Photo-electrotype	An electrotype plate formed in a mold made by photographing on prepared gelatine, etc.
Photo-engraving	The process of obtaining an etched or engraved plate from the photographic image, to be used in printing; also, a picture produced by such a process.
Photo-epinasty	A disproportionately rapid growth of the upper surface of dorsiventral organs, such as leaves, through the stimulus of exposure to light.
Photogalvanography	The art or process of making photo-electrotypes.
Photogen	A light hydrocarbon oil resembling kerosene. It is obtained by distilling coal, paraffin, etc., and is used as a lubricant, illuminant, etc.
Photogene	A photograph.
Photogene	A more or less continued impression or image on the retina.
Photogenic	Of or pertaining to photogeny; producing or generating light.
Photogeny	See Photography.
Photoglyphic	Pertaining to the art of engraving by the action of light.
Photoglyphy	Photoglyphic engraving. See under Photoglyphic.
Photoglyptic	Same as Photoglyphic.
Photogram	A photograph.
Photograph	A picture or likeness obtained by photography.
Photographed	of Photograph
Photographing	of Photograph
Photograph	To take a picture or likeness of by means of photography; as, to photograph a view; to photograph a group.
Photograph	To practice photography; to take photographs.
Photographer	One who practices, or is skilled in, photography.
Photographic	Alt. of Photographical
Photographical	Of or pertaining to photography; obtained by photography; used ib photography; as a photographic picture; a photographic camera.
Photographist	A photographer.
Photographometer	An instrument for determining the sensibility of the plates employed in photographic processes to luminous rays.
Photography	The science which relates to the action of light on sensitive bodies in the production of pictures, the fixation of images, and the like.
Photography	The art or process of producing pictures by this action of light.
Photogravure	A photoengraving; also, the process by which such a picture is produced.
Photoheliograph	A modified kind of telescope adapted to taking photographs of the sun.
Photolithograph	A lithographic picture or copy from a stone prepared by the aid of photography.
Photolithograph	To produce (a picture, a copy) by the process of photolithography.
Photolithographer	One who practices, or one who employs, photolithography.
Photolithographic	Of or pertaining to photolithography; produced by photolithography.
Photolithography	The art or process of producing photolithographs.
Photologic	Alt. of Photological
Photological	Pertaining to photology, or the doctrine of light.
Photologist	One who studies or expounds the laws of light.
Photology	The doctrine or science of light, explaining its nature and phenomena; optics.
Photomagnetic	Of or pertaining to photomagnetism.
Photomagnetism	The branch of science which treats of the relation of magnetism to light.
Photomechanical	Pertaining to, or designating, any photographic process in which a printing surface is obtained without the intervention of hand engraving.
Photometer	An instrument for measuring the intensity of light, or, more especially, for comparing the relative intensities of different lights, or their relative illuminating power.
Photometric	Alt. of Photometrical
Photometrical	Of or pertaining to photometry, or to a photometer.
Photometrician	One engaged in the scientific measurement of light.
Photometry	That branch of science which treats of the measurement of the intensity of light.
Photomicrograph	An enlarged or macroscopic photograph of a microscopic object. See Microphotograph.
Photomicrograph	A microscopically small photograph of an object.
Photomicrography	The art of producing photomicrographs.
Photophobia	A dread or intolerance of light.
Photophone	An apparatus for the production of sound by the action of rays of light.
Photophonic	Of or pertaining to photophone.
Photophony	The art or practice of using the photophone.
Photopsia	An affection of the eye, in which the patient perceives luminous rays, flashes, coruscations, etc. See phosphene.
Photopsy	Same as Photopsia.
Photorelief	A printing surface in relief, obtained by photographic means and subsequent manipulations.
Photoscope	Anything employed for the observation of light or luminous effects.
Photoscopic	Of or pertaining to the photoscope or its uses.
Photosculpture	A process in which, by means of a number of photographs simultaneously taken from different points of view on the same level, rough models of the figure or bust of a person or animal may be made with great expedition.
Photosphere	A sphere of light; esp., the luminous envelope of the sun.
Photospheric	Of or pertaining to the photosphere.
Phototonus	A motile condition in plants resulting from exposure to light.
Phototropic	Same as Heliotropic.
Phototype	A plate or block with a printing surface (usually in relief) obtained from a photograph; also, any one of the many methods of processes by which such a printing surface is obtained.
Phototypic	Of or pertaining to a phototype or phototypy.
Phototypography	Same as Phototypy.
Phototypy	The art or process of producing phototypes.
Photoxylography	The process of producing a representation of an object on wood, by photography, for the use of the wood engraver.
Photozincograph	A print made by photozincography.
Photozincography	A process, analogous to photolithography, for reproducing photographed impressions transferred to zinc plate.
Phragmocone	The thin chambered shell attached to the anterior end of a belemnite.
Phragmosiphon	The siphon of a phragmocone.
Phrasal	Of the nature of a phrase; consisting of a phrase; as, a phrasal adverb.
Phrase	A brief expression, sometimes a single word, but usually two or more words forming an expression by themselves, or being a portion of a sentence; as, an adverbial phrase.
Phrase	A short, pithy expression; especially, one which is often employed; a peculiar or idiomatic turn of speech; as, to err is human.
Phrase	A mode or form of speech; the manner or style in which any one expreses himself; diction; expression.
Phrase	A short clause or portion of a period.
Phrased	of Phrase
Phrasing	of Phrase
Phrase	To express in words, or in peculiar words; to call; to style.
Phrase	To use proper or fine phrases.
Phrase	To group notes into phrases; as, he phrases well. See Phrase, n., 4.
Phraseless	Indescribable.
Phraseogram	A symbol for a phrase.
Phraseologic	Alt. of Phraseological
Phraseological	Of or pertaining to phraseology; consisting of a peculiar form of words.
Phraseologist	A collector or coiner of phrases.
Phraseology	Manner of expression; peculiarity of diction; style.
Phraseology	A collection of phrases; a phrase book.
Phrasing	Method of expression; association of words.
Phrasing	The act or method of grouping the notes so as to form distinct musical phrases.
Phratries	of Phratry
Phratry	A subdivision of a phyle, or tribe, in Athens.
Phreatic	Subterranean; -- applied to sources supplying wells.
Phrenetic	Alt. of Phrenetical
Phrenetical	Relating to phrenitis; suffering from frenzy; delirious; mad; frantic; frenetic.
Phrenetic	One who is phrenetic.
Phrenic	Of or pertaining to the diaphragm; diaphragmatic; as, the phrenic nerve.
Phrenics	That branch of science which relates to the mind; mental philosophy.
Phrenism	See Vital force, under Vital.
Phrenitis	Inflammation of the brain, or of the meninges of the brain, attended with acute fever and delirium; -- called also cephalitis.
Phrenitis	See Frenzy.
Phrenograph	An instrument for registering the movements of the diaphragm, or midriff, in respiration.
Phrenologer	A phrenologist.
Phrenologic	Phrenological.
Phrenological	Of or pertaining to phrenology.
Phrenologist	One versed in phrenology; a craniologist.
Phrenology	The science of the special functions of the several parts of the brain, or of the supposed connection between the various faculties of the mind and particular organs in the brain.
Phrenology	In popular usage, the physiological hypothesis of Gall, that the mental faculties, and traits of character, are shown on the surface of the head or skull; craniology.
Phrenomagnetism	The power of exciting the organs of the brain by magnetic or mesmeric influence.
Phrenosin	A nitrogenous body, related to cerebrin, supposed to exist in the brain.
Phrensied	See Frenzied.
Phrensy	Violent and irrational excitement; delirium. See Frenzy.
Phrensy	To render frantic.
Phrentic	See Phrenetic.
Phryganeid	Any insect belonging to the Phryganeides.
Phryganeides	A tribe of neuropterous insects which includes the caddice flies; -- called also Trichoptera. See Trichoptera.
Phrygian	Of or pertaining to Phrygia, or to its inhabitants.
Phrygian	A native or inhabitant of Phrygia.
Phrygian	A Montanist.
Phthalate	A salt of phthalic acid.
Phthalein	One of a series of artificial organic dyes made as condensation products of the phenols with phthalic acid, and well represented by phenol phthalein. Their alkaline solutions are fluorescent.
Phthalic	Pertaining to, or designating, a dibasic acid obtained by the oxidation of naphthalene and allied substances.
Phthalide	A lactone obtained by reduction of phthalyl chloride, as a white crystalline substance; hence, by extension, any one of the series of which phthalide proper is the type.
Phthalimide	An imido derivative of phthalic acid, obtained as a white crystalline substance, C6H4.(CO)2NH, which has itself (like succinimide) acid properties, and forms a series of salts.  Cf. Imido acid, under Imido.
Phthalin	A colorless crystalline substance obtained by reduction from phthalein, into which it is easily converted by oxidation; hence, any one of the series of which phthalin proper is the type.
Phthalyl	The hypothetical radical of phthalic acid.
Phthiriasis	A disease (morbus pediculous) consisting in the excessive multiplication of lice on the human body.
Phthisic	Same as Phthisis.
Phthisical	Of or pertaining to phthisis; affected with phthisis; wasting; consumptive.
Phthisicky	Having phthisis, or some symptom of it, as difficulty in breathing.
Phthisiology	A treatise on phthisis.
Phthisipneumonia	Alt. of Phthisipneumony
Phthisipneumony	Pulmonary consumption.
Phthisis	A wasting or consumption of the tissues. The term was formerly applied to many wasting diseases, but is now usually restricted to pulmonary phthisis, or consumption. See Consumption.
Phthongal	Formed into, or characterized by, voice; vocalized; -- said of all the vowels and the semivowels, also of the vocal or sonant consonants g, d, b, l, r, v, z, etc.
Phthongal	A vocalized element or letter.
Phthongometer	An instrument for measuring vocal sounds.
Phthor	Fluorine.
Phycite	See Erythrite, 1.
Phycochrome	A bluish green coloring matter of certain algae.
Phycocyanin	Alt. of Phycocyanine
Phycocyanine	A blue coloring matter found in certain algae.
Phycoerythrin	Alt. of Phycoerythrine
Phycoerythrine	A red coloring matter found in algae of the subclass Florideae.
Phycography	A description of seaweeds.
Phycology	The science of algae, or seaweeds; algology.
Phycomater	A gelatin in which the algae spores have been supposed to vegetate.
Phycophaeine	A brown coloring matter found in certain algae.
Phycoxanthin	Alt. of Phycoxanthine
Phycoxanthine	A yellowish coloring matter found in certain algae.
Phylacter	A phylactery.
Phylactered	Wearing a phylactery.
Phylacteric	Alt. of Phylacterical
Phylacterical	Of or pertaining to phylacteries.
Phylacteries	of Phylactery
Phylactery	Any charm or amulet worn as a preservative from danger or disease.
Phylactery	A small square box, made either of parchment or of black calfskin, containing slips of parchment or vellum on which are written the scriptural passages Exodus xiii. 2-10, and 11-17, Deut. vi. 4-9, 13-22. They are worn by Jews on the head and left arm, on week-day mornings, during the time of prayer.
Phylactery	Among the primitive Christians, a case in which the relics of the dead were inclosed.
Phylactocarp	A branch of a plumularian hydroid specially modified in structure for the protection of the gonothecae.
Phylactolaema	Alt. of Phylactolaemata
Phylactolaemata	An order of fresh-water Bryozoa in which the tentacles are arranged on a horseshoe-shaped lophophore, and the mouth is covered by an epistome. Called also Lophopoda, and hippocrepians.
Phylactolaematous	Of or pertaining to the Phylactolaema.
Phylactolema	Alt. of Phylactolemata
Phylactolemata	Same as Phylactolaema.
Phylarch	The chief of a phyle, or tribe.
Phylarchy	The office of a phylarch; government of a class or tribe.
Phylae	of Phyle
Phyle	A local division of the people in ancient Athens; a clan; a tribe.
Phyllite	A mineral related to ottrelite.
Phyllite	Clay slate; argillaceous schist.
Phyllo-	A combining form from Gr. / a leaf; as, phyllopod, phyllotaxy.
Phyllobranciae	of Phyllobranchia
Phyllobranchia	A crustacean gill composed of lamellae.
Phyllocladia	of Phyllocladium
Phyllocladium	A flattened stem or branch which more or less resembles a leaf, and performs the function of a leaf as regards respiration and assimilation.
Phyllocyanin	A blue coloring matter extracted from chlorophyll.
Phyllocyst	The cavity of a hydrophyllium.
Phyllode	Same as Phyllodium.
Phyllodineous	Having phyllodia; relating to phyllodia.
Phyllodia	of Phyllodium
Phyllodium	A petiole dilated into the form of a blade, and usually with vertical edges, as in the Australian acacias.
Phyllody	A retrograde metamorphosis of the floral organs to the condition of leaves.
Phylloid	Resembling a leaf.
Phyllomania	An abnormal or excessive production of leaves.
Phyllome	A foliar part of a plant; any organ homologous with a leaf, or produced by metamorphosis of a leaf.
Phyllomorphosis	The succession and variation of leaves during different seasons.
Phyllophagan	One of a group of marsupials including the phalangists.
Phyllophagan	One of a tribe of beetles which feed upon the leaves of plants, as the chafers.
Phyllophagous	Substituting on leaves; leaf-eating.
Phyllophorous	Leaf-bearing; producing leaves.
Phyllopod	One of the Phyllopoda. [Also used adjectively.]
Phyllopoda	An order of Entomostraca including a large number of species, most of which live in fresh water. They have flattened or leaflike legs, often very numerous, which they use in swimming. Called also Branchiopoda.
Phyllopodous	Of or pertaining to the Phyllopoda.
Phyllorhine	Of or pertaining to Phyllorhina and other related genera of bats that have a leaflike membrane around the nostrils.
Phyllosoma	The larva of the spiny lobsters (Palinurus and allied genera). Its body is remarkably thin, flat, and transparent; the legs are very long. Called also glass-crab, and glass-shrimp.
Phyllostome	Any bat of the genus Phyllostoma, or allied genera, having large membranes around the mouth and nose; a nose-leaf bat.
Phylloltomid	A phyllostome.
Phyllotactic	Of or pertaining to phyllotaxy.
Phyllotaxy	Alt. of Phyllotaxis
Phyllotaxis	The order or arrangement of leaves on the stem; the science of the relative position of leaves.
Phyllous	Homologous with a leaf; as, the sepals, petals, stamens, and pistils are phyllous organs.
Phylloxanthin	A yellow coloring matter extracted from chlorophyll.
Phylloxera	A small hemipterous insect (Phylloxera vastatrix) allied to the aphids. It attacks the roots and leaves of the grapevine, doing great damage, especially in Europe.
Phylloxera	The diseased condition of a vine caused by the insect just described.
Phylogenesis	Alt. of Phylogeny
Phylogeny	The history of genealogical development; the race history of an animal or vegetable type; the historic exolution of the phylon or tribe, in distinction from ontogeny, or the development of the individual organism, and from biogenesis, or life development generally.
Phylogenetic	Relating to phylogenesis, or the race history of a type of organism.
Phyla	of Phylon
Phylon	A tribe.
Phyla	of Phylum
Phylum	One of the larger divisions of the animal kingdom; a branch; a grand division.
Phymata	of Phyma
Phyma	A tubercle on any external part of the body.
Physa	A genus of fresh-water Pulmonifera, having reversed spiral shells. See Pond snail, under Pond.
Physalia	A genus of large oceanic Siphonophora which includes the Portuguese man-of-war.
Physaliae	An order of Siphonophora which includes Physalia.
Physemaria	A group of simple marine organisms, usually classed as the lowest of the sponges. They have inflated hollow bodies.
Physeter	The genus that includes the sperm whale.
Physeter	A filtering machine operated by air pressure.
Physianthropy	The philosophy of human life, or the doctrine of the constitution and diseases of man, and their remedies.
Physic	The art of healing diseases; the science of medicine; the theory or practice of medicine.
Physic	A specific internal application for the cure or relief of sickness; a remedy for disease; a medicine.
Physic	Specifically, a medicine that purges; a cathartic.
Physic	A physician.
Physiced	of Physic
Physicking	of Physic
Physic	To treat with physic or medicine; to administer medicine to, esp. a cathartic; to operate on as a cathartic; to purge.
Physic	To work on as a remedy; to heal; to cure.
Physical	Of or pertaining to nature (as including all created existences); in accordance with the laws of nature; also, of or relating to natural or material things, or to the bodily structure, as opposed to things mental, moral, spiritual, or imaginary; material; natural; as, armies and navies are the physical force of a nation; the body is the physical part of man.
Physical	Of or pertaining to physics, or natural philosophy; treating of, or relating to, the causes and connections of natural phenomena; as, physical science; physical laws.
Physical	Perceptible through a bodily or material organization; cognizable by the senses; external; as, the physical, opposed to chemical, characters of a mineral.
Physical	Of or pertaining to physic, or the art of medicine; medicinal; curative; healing; also, cathartic; purgative.
Physically	In a physical manner; according to the laws of nature or physics; by physical force; not morally.
Physically	According to the rules of medicine.
Physician	A person skilled in physic, or the art of healing; one duty authorized to prescribe remedies for, and treat, diseases; a doctor of medicine.
Physician	Hence, figuratively, one who ministers to moral diseases; as, a physician of the soul.
Physicianed	Licensed as a physician.
Physicism	The tendency of the mind toward, or its preoccupation with, physical phenomena; materialism in philosophy and religion.
Physicist	One versed in physics.
Physicist	A believer in the theory that the fundamental phenomena of life are to be explained upon purely chemical and physical principles; -- opposed to vitalist.
Physicking	p. pr. & vb. n. fr. Physic, v. t.
Physico-	A combining form, denoting relation to, or dependence upon, natural causes, or the science of physics.
Physicochemical	Involving the principles of both physics and chemistry; dependent on, or produced by, the joint action of physical and chemical agencies.
Physicologic	Logic illustrated by physics.
Physicological	Of or pertaining to physicologic.
Physicology	Physics.
Physico-mathematics	Mixed mathematics.
Physico-philosophy	The philosophy of nature.
Physico-theology	Theology or divinity illustrated or enforced by physics or natural philosophy.
Physics	The science of nature, or of natural objects; that branch of science which treats of the laws and properties of matter, and the forces acting upon it; especially, that department of natural science which treats of the causes (as gravitation, heat, light, magnetism, electricity, etc.) that modify the general properties of bodies; natural philosophy.
Physiocrat	One of the followers of Quesnay of France, who, in the 18th century, founded a system of political economy based upon the supremacy of natural order.
Physiogeny	The germ history of the functions, or the history of the development of vital activities, in the individual, being one of the branches of ontogeny. See Morphogeny.
Physiognomer	Physiognomist.
Physiognomic	Alt. of Physiognomical
Physiognomical	Of or pertaining to physiognomy; according with the principles of physiognomy.
Physiognomist	Same as Physiognomy, 1.
Physiognomist	One skilled in physiognomy.
Physiognomist	One who tells fortunes by physiognomy.
Physiognomize	To observe and study the physiognomy of.
Physiognommonic	Physiognomic.
Physiognomies	of Physiognomy
Physiognomy	The art and science of discovering the predominant temper, and other characteristic qualities of the mind, by the outward appearance, especially by the features of the face.
Physiognomy	The face or countenance, with respect to the temper of the mind; particular configuration, cast, or expression of countenance, as denoting character.
Physiognomy	The art telling fortunes by inspection of the features.
Physiognomy	The general appearance or aspect of a thing, without reference to its scientific characteristics; as, the physiognomy of a plant, or of a meteor.
Physiogony	The birth of nature.
Physiographic	Alt. of Physiographical
Physiographical	Of or pertaining to physiography.
Physiography	The science which treats of the earth's exterior physical features, climate, life, etc., and of the physical movements or changes on the earth's surface, as the currents of the atmosphere and ocean, the secular variations in heat, moisture, magnetism, etc.; physical geography.
Physiolatry	The worship of the powers or agencies of nature; materialism in religion; nature worship.
Physiologer	A physiologist.
Physiologic	Physiological.
Physiological	Of or pertaining to physiology; relating to the science of the functions of living organism; as, physiological botany or chemistry.
Physiologically	In a physiological manner.
Physiologist	One who is versed in the science of physiology; a student of the properties and functions of animal and vegetable organs and tissues.
Physiologize	To speculate in physiology; to make physiological investigations.
Physiologies	of Physiology
Physiology	The science which treats of the phenomena of living organisms; the study of the processes incidental to, and characteristic of, life.
Physiology	A treatise on physiology.
Physiophyly	The tribal history of the functions, or the history of the paleontological development of vital activities, -- being a branch of phylogeny. See Morphophyly.
Physique	The natural constitution, or physical structure, of a person.
Physnomy	Physiogmony.
Physoclist	One of the Physoclisti.
Physoclisti	An order of teleost in which the air bladder has no opening.
Physograde	Any siphonophore which has an air sac for a float, as the Physalia.
Physophorae	An order of Siphonophora, furnished with an air sac, or float, and a series of nectocalyces. See Illust. under Nectocalyx.
Physopod	One of the Physopoda; a thrips.
Physopoda	Same as Thysanoptera.
Physostigmine	An alkaloid found in the Calabar bean (the seed of Physostigma venenosum), and extracted as a white, tasteless, substance, amorphous or crystalline; -- formerly called eserine, with which it was regarded as identical.
Physostomi	An order of fishes in which the air bladder is provided with a duct, and the ventral fins, when present, are abdominal. It includes the salmons, herrings, carps, catfishes, and others.
Physostomous	Having a duct to the air bladder.
Physostomous	Pertaining to the Physostomi.
Phytelephas	A genus of South American palm trees, the seeds of which furnish the substance called vegetable ivory.
Phytivorous	Feeding on plants or herbage; phytophagous; as, phytivorous animals.
Phyto-	A combining form from Gr. fyto`n a plant; as, phytochemistry, phytography.
Phytochemical	Relating to phytochemistry.
Phytochemistry	Chemistry in its relation to vegetable bodies; vegetable chemistry.
Phytochimy	Phytochemistry.
Phytogenesis	Alt. of Phytogeny
Phytogeny	The doctrine of the generation of plants.
Phytogeographical	Of or pertaining to phytogeography.
Phytogeography	The geographical distribution of plants.
Phytoglyphic	Relating to phytoglyphy.
Phytoglyphy	See Nature printing, under Nature.
Phytographical	Of or pertaining to phytography.
Phytography	The science of describing plants in a systematic manner; also, a description of plants.
Phytoid	Resembling a plant; plantlike.
Phytolacca	A genus of herbaceous plants, some of them having berries which abound in intensely red juice; poke, or pokeweed.
Phytolite	An old name for a fossil plant.
Phytolithologist	One versed in phytolithology; a paleobotanist.
Phytolithology	The branch of science which treats of fossil plants; -- usually called paleobotany, sometimes paleophytology.
Phytological	Of or pertaining to phytology; botanical.
Phytologist	One skilled in phytology; a writer on plants; a botanist.
Phytology	The science of plants; a description of the kinds and properties of plants; botany.
Phytomer	Alt. of Phytomeron
Phytomeron	An organic element of a flowering plant; a phyton.
Phytons	of Phyton
Phyton	One of the parts which by their repetition make up a flowering plant, each being a single joint of a stem with its leaf or leaves; a phytomer.
Phytonomy	The science of the origin and growth of plants.
Phytopathologist	One skilled in diseases of plants.
Phytopathology	The science of diseases to which plants are liable.
Phytophaga	A division of Hymenoptera; the sawflies.
Phytophagic	Phytophagous.
Phytophagous	Feeding on plants; herbivorous; as, a phytophagous animal.
Phytophagy	The eating of plants.
Phytophysiology	Vegetable physiology.
Phytotomist	One versed in phytotomy.
Phytotomy	The dissection of plants; vegetable anatomy.
Phytozoaria	Same as Infusoria.
Phytozoa	of Phytozoon
Phytozoon	A plantlike animal. The term is sometimes applied to zoophytes.
Phyz	See Phiz.
Pi	A mass of type confusedly mixed or unsorted.
Pied	of Pi
Pieing	of Pi
Pi	To put into a mixed and disordered condition, as type; to mix and disarrange the type of; as, to pi a form.
Piacaba	See Piassava.
Piacle	A heinous offense which requires expiation.
Piacular	Expiatory; atoning.
Piacular	Requiring expiation; criminal; atrociously bad.
Piacularity	The quality or state of being piacular; criminality; wickedness.
Piaculous	Same as Piacular.
Pial	Pertaining to the pia mater.
Pia mater	The delicate and highly vascular membrane immediately investing the brain and spinal cord.
Pian	The yaws. See Yaws.
Pianet	The magpie.
Pianet	The lesser woodpecker.
Pianette	A small piano; a pianino.
Pianino	A pianette, or small piano.
Pianissimo	Very soft; -- a direction to execute a passage as softly as possible. (Abbrev. pp.)
Pianist	A performer, esp. a skilled performer, on the piano.
Piano	Soft; -- a direction to the performer to execute a certain passage softly, and with diminished volume of tone. (Abbrev. p.)
Piano	Alt. of Pianoforte
Pianoforte	A well-known musical instrument somewhat resembling the harpsichord, and consisting of a series of wires of graduated length, thickness, and tension, struck by hammers moved by keys.
Pianograph	A form of melodiograph applied to a piano.
Piapec	A West African pie (Ptilostomus Senegalensis).
Piarist	One of a religious order who are the regular clerks of the Scuole Pie (religious schools), an institute of secondary education, founded at Rome in the last years of the 16th century.
Piassava	A fibrous product of two Brazilian palm trees (Attalea funifera and Leopoldinia Piassaba), -- used in making brooms, and for other purposes. Called also piacaba and piasaba.
Piaster	A silver coin of Spain and various other countries. See Peso. The Spanish piaster (commonly called peso, or peso duro) is of about the value of the American dollar. The Italian piaster, or scudo, was worth from 80 to 100 cents. The Turkish and Egyptian piasters are now worth about four and a half cents.
Piastre	See Piaster.
Piation	The act of making atonement; expiation.
Piatti	Cymbals.
Piazzas	of Piazza
Piazza	An open square in a European town, especially an Italian town; hence (Arch.), an arcaded and roofed gallery; a portico. In the United States the word is popularly applied to a veranda.
Pibcorn	A wind instrument or pipe, with a horn at each end, -- used in Wales.
Pibroch	A Highland air, suited to the particular passion which the musician would either excite or assuage; generally applied to those airs that are played on the bagpipe before the Highlanders when they go out to battle.
Pic	A Turkish cloth measure, varying from 18 to 28 inches.
Pica	The genus that includes the magpies.
Pica	A vitiated appetite that craves what is unfit for food, as chalk, ashes, coal, etc.; chthonophagia.
Pica	A service-book. See Pie.
Pica	A size of type next larger than small pica, and smaller than English.
Picador	A horseman armed with a lance, who in a bullfight receives the first attack of the bull, and excites him by picking him without attempting to kill him.
Picamar	An oily liquid hydrocarbon extracted from the creosote of beechwood tar. It consists essentially of certain derivatives of pyrogallol.
Picapare	The finfoot.
Picard	One of a sect of Adamites in the fifteenth century; -- so called from one Picard of Flanders. See Adamite.
Picaresque	Applied to that class of literature in which the principal personage is the Spanish picaro, meaning a rascal, a knave, a rogue, an adventurer.
Picariae	An extensive division of birds which includes the woodpeckers, toucans, trogons, hornbills, kingfishers, motmots, rollers, and goatsuckers. By some writers it is made to include also the cuckoos, swifts, and humming birds.
Picarian	Of or pertaining to Picariae.
Picarian	One of the Picariae.
Picaroon	One who plunders; especially, a plunderer of wrecks; a pirate; a corsair; a marauder; a sharper.
Picayune	A small coin of the value of six and a quarter cents. See Fippenny bit.
Picayunish	Petty; paltry; mean; as, a picayunish business.
Piccadil	Alt. of Piccadilly
Piccadilly	A high, stiff collar for the neck; also, a hem or band about the skirt of a garment, -- worn by men in the 17th century.
Piccage	Money paid at fairs for leave to break ground for booths.
Piccalilli	A pickle of various vegetables with pungent species, -- originally made in the East Indies.
Piccolo	A small, shrill flute, the pitch of which is an octave higher than the ordinary flute; an octave flute.
Piccolo	A small upright piano.
Piccolo	An organ stop, with a high, piercing tone.
Pice	A small copper coin of the East Indies, worth less than a cent.
Picea	A genus of coniferous trees of the northen hemisphere, including the Norway spruce and the American black and white spruces. These trees have pendent cones, which do not readily fall to pieces, in this and other respects differing from the firs.
Picene	A hydrocarbon (C/H/) extracted from the pitchy residue of coal tar and petroleum as a bluish fluorescent crystalline substance.
Piceous	Of or pertaining to pitch; resembling pitch in color or quality; pitchy.
Pichey	A Brazilian armadillo (Dasypus minutus); the little armadillo.
Pichiciago	A small, burrowing, South American edentate (Chlamyphorus truncatus), allied to the armadillos. The shell is attached only along the back.
Pichurim bean	The seed of a Brazilian lauraceous tree (Nectandra Puchury) of a taste and smell between those of nutmeg and of sassafras, -- sometimes used medicinally. Called also sassafras nut.
Pici	A division of birds including the woodpeckers and wrynecks.
Piciform	Of or pertaining to Piciformes.
Piciformes	A group of birds including the woodpeckers, toucans, barbets, colies, kingfishes, hornbills, and some other related groups.
Picine	Of or pertaining to the woodpeckers (Pici), or to the Piciformes.
Picked	of Pick
Picking	of Pick
Pick	To throw; to pitch.
Pick	To peck at, as a bird with its beak; to strike at with anything pointed; to act upon with a pointed instrument; to pierce; to prick, as with a pin.
Pick	To separate or open by means of a sharp point or points; as, to pick matted wool, cotton, oakum, etc.
Pick	To open (a lock) as by a wire.
Pick	To pull apart or away, especially with the fingers; to pluck; to gather, as fruit from a tree, flowers from the stalk, feathers from a fowl, etc.
Pick	To remove something from with a pointed instrument, with the fingers, or with the teeth; as, to pick the teeth; to pick a bone; to pick a goose; to pick a pocket.
Pick	To choose; to select; to separate as choice or desirable; to cull; as, to pick one's company; to pick one's way; -- often with out.
Pick	To take up; esp., to gather from here and there; to collect; to bring together; as, to pick rags; -- often with up; as, to pick up a ball or stones; to pick up information.
Pick	To trim.
Pick	To eat slowly, sparingly, or by morsels; to nibble.
Pick	To do anything nicely or carefully, or by attending to small things; to select something with care.
Pick	To steal; to pilfer.
Pick	A sharp-pointed tool for picking; -- often used in composition; as, a toothpick; a picklock.
Pick	A heavy iron tool, curved and sometimes pointed at both ends, wielded by means of a wooden handle inserted in the middle, -- used by quarrymen, roadmakers, etc.; also, a pointed hammer used for dressing millstones.
Pick	A pike or spike; the sharp point fixed in the center of a buckler.
Pick	Choice; right of selection; as, to have one's pick.
Pick	That which would be picked or chosen first; the best; as, the pick of the flock.
Pick	A particle of ink or paper imbedded in the hollow of a letter, filling up its face, and occasioning a spot on a printed sheet.
Pick	That which is picked in, as with a pointed pencil, to correct an unevenness in a picture.
Pick	The blow which drives the shuttle, -- the rate of speed of a loom being reckoned as so many picks per minute; hence, in describing the fineness of a fabric, a weft thread; as, so many picks to an inch.
Pickaback	On the back or shoulders; as, to ride pickback.
Pickaninnies	of Pickaninny
Pickaninny	A small child; especially, a negro or mulatto infant.
Pickapack	Pickaback.
Pickax	Alt. of Pickaxe
Pickaxe	A pick with a point at one end, a transverse edge or blade at the other, and a handle inserted at the middle; a hammer with a flattened end for driving wedges and a pointed end for piercing as it strikes.
Pickback	On the back.
Picked	Pointed; sharp.
Picked	Having a pike or spine on the back; -- said of certain fishes.
Picked	Carefully selected; chosen; as, picked men.
Picked	Fine; spruce; smart; precise; dianty.
Pickedness	The state of being sharpened; pointedness.
Pickedness	Fineness; spruceness; smartness.
Pickeered	of Pickeer
Pickeering	of Pickeer
Pickeer	To make a raid for booty; to maraud; also, to skirmish in advance of an army. See Picaroon.
Pickeerer	One who pickeers.
Picker	One who, or that which, picks, in any sense, -- as, one who uses a pick; one who gathers; a thief; a pick; a pickax; as, a cotton picker.
Picker	A machine for picking fibrous materials to pieces so as to loosen and separate the fiber.
Picker	The piece in a loom which strikes the end of the shuttle, and impels it through the warp.
Picker	A priming wire for cleaning the vent.
Pickerel	A young or small pike.
Pickerel	Any one of several species of freshwater fishes of the genus Esox, esp. the smaller species.
Pickerel	The glasseye, or wall-eyed pike. See Wall-eye.
Pickering	The sauger of the St.Lawrence River.
Pickery	Petty theft.
Picket	A stake sharpened or pointed, especially one used in fortification and encampments, to mark bounds and angles; or one used for tethering horses.
Picket	A pointed pale, used in marking fences.
Picket	A detached body of troops serving to guard an army from surprise, and to oppose reconnoitering parties of the enemy; -- called also outlying picket.
Picket	By extension, men appointed by a trades union, or other labor organization, to intercept outsiders, and prevent them from working for employers with whom the organization is at variance.
Picket	A military punishment, formerly resorted to, in which the offender was forced to stand with one foot on a pointed stake.
Picket	A game at cards. See Piquet.
Picketed	of Picket
Picketing	of Picket
Picket	To fortify with pointed stakes.
Picket	To inclose or fence with pickets or pales.
Picket	To tether to, or as to, a picket; as, to picket a horse.
Picket	To guard, as a camp or road, by an outlying picket.
Picket	To torture by compelling to stand with one foot on a pointed stake.
Picketee	See Picotee.
Pick-fault	One who seeks out faults.
Picking	The act of digging or breaking up, as with a pick.
Picking	The act of choosing, plucking, or gathering.
Picking	That which is, or may be, picked or gleaned.
Picking	Pilfering; also, that which is pilfered.
Picking	The pulverized shells of oysters used in making walks.
Picking	Rough sorting of ore.
Picking	Overburned bricks.
Picking	Done or made as with a pointed tool; as, a picking sound.
Picking	Nice; careful.
Pickle	See Picle.
Pickle	A solution of salt and water, in which fish, meat, etc., may be preserved or corned; brine.
Pickle	Vinegar, plain or spiced, used for preserving vegetables, fish, eggs, oysters, etc.
Pickle	Any article of food which has been preserved in brine or in vinegar.
Pickle	A bath of dilute sulphuric or nitric acid, etc., to remove burnt sand, scale rust, etc., from the surface of castings, or other articles of metal, or to brighten them or improve their color.
Pickle	A troublesome child; as, a little pickle.
Pickled	of Pickle
Pickling	of Pickle
Pickle	To preserve or season in pickle; to treat with some kind of pickle; as, to pickle herrings or cucumbers.
Pickle	To give an antique appearance to; -- said of copies or imitations of paintings by the old masters.
Pickled	Preserved in a pickle.
Pickle-herring	A herring preserved in brine; a pickled herring.
Pickle-herring	A merry-andrew; a buffoon.
Pickler	One who makes pickles.
Picklock	An instrument for picking locks.
Picklock	One who picks locks; a thief.
Pickmire	The pewit, or black-headed gull.
Picknick	See Picnic.
Pickpack	Pickaback.
Pickpennies	of Pickpenny
Pickpenny	A miser; also, a sharper.
Pickpocket	One who steals purses or other articles from pockets.
Pickpurse	One who steals purses, or money from purses.
Picksy	See Pixy.
Pickthank	One who strives to put another under obligation; an officious person; hence, a flatterer. Used also adjectively.
Picktooth	A toothpick.
Picke	A small piece of land inclosed with a hedge; a close.
Picnic	Formerly, an entertainment at which each person contributed some dish to a common table; now, an excursion or pleasure party in which the members partake of a collation or repast (usually in the open air, and from food carried by themselves).
Picnicked	of Picnic
Picnicking	of Picnic
Picnic	To go on a picnic, or pleasure excursion; to eat in public fashion.
Picnicker	One who takes part in a picnic.
Picoid	Like or pertaining to the Pici.
Picoline	Any one of three isometric bases (C6H7N) related to pyridine, and obtained from bone oil, acrolein ammonia, and coal-tar naphtha, as colorless mobile liquids of strong odor; -- called also methyl pyridine.
Picotee	Alt. of Picotine
Picotine	A variety of carnation having petals of a light color variously dotted and spotted at the edges.
Picquet	See Piquet.
Picra	The powder of aloes with canella, formerly officinal, employed as a cathartic.
Picrate	A salt of picric acid.
Picric	Pertaining to, or designating, a strong organic acid (called picric acid), intensely bitter.
Picrite	A dark green igneous rock, consisting largely of chrysolite, with hornblende, augite, biotite, etc.
Picrolite	A fibrous variety of serpentine.
Picromel	A colorless viscous substance having a bitter-sweet taste.
Picrotoxin	A bitter white crystalline substance found in the cocculus indicus. It is a peculiar poisonous neurotic and intoxicant, and consists of a mixture of several neutral substances.
Picryl	The hypothetical radical of picric acid, analogous to phenyl.
Pictish	Of or pertaining to Picts; resembling the Picts.
Pictograph	A picture or hieroglyph representing and expressing an idea.
Pictorial	Of or pertaining to pictures; illustrated by pictures; forming pictures; representing with the clearness of a picture; as, a pictorial dictionary; a pictorial imagination.
Pictoric	Alt. of Pictorical
Pictorical	Pictorial.
Picts	A race of people of uncertain origin, who inhabited Scotland in early times.
Pictura	Pattern of coloration.
Picturable	Capable of being pictured, or represented by a picture.
Pictural	Pictorial.
Pictural	A picture.
Picture	The art of painting; representation by painting.
Picture	A representation of anything (as a person, a landscape, a building) upon canvas, paper, or other surface, produced by means of painting, drawing, engraving, photography, etc.; a representation in colors. By extension, a figure; a model.
Picture	An image or resemblance; a representation, either to the eye or to the mind; that which, by its likeness, brings vividly to mind some other thing; as, a child is the picture of his father; the man is the picture of grief.
Pictured	of Picture
Picturing	of Picture
Picture	To draw or paint a resemblance of; to delineate; to represent; to form or present an ideal likeness of; to bring before the mind.
Pictured	Furnished with pictures; represented by a picture or pictures; as, a pictured scene.
Picturer	One who makes pictures; a painter.
Picturesque	Forming, or fitted to form, a good or pleasing picture; representing with the clearness or ideal beauty appropriate to a picture; expressing that peculiar kind of beauty which is agreeable in a picture, natural or artificial; graphic; vivid; as, a picturesque scene or attitude; picturesque language.
Picturesquish	Somewhat picturesque.
Picturized	of Picturize
Picturizing	of Picturize
Picturize	To picture.
Picturize	To adorn with pictures.
Picul	A commercial weight varying in different countries and for different commodities. In Borneo it is 135/ lbs.; in China and Sumatra, 133/ lbs.; in Japan, 133/ lbs.; but sometimes 130 lbs., etc. Called also, by the Chinese, tan.
Piculet	Any species of very small woodpeckers of the genus Picumnus and allied genera. Their tail feathers are not stiff and sharp at the tips, as in ordinary woodpeckers.
Pici	of Picus
Picus	A genus of woodpeckers, including some of the common American and European species.
Piddled	of Piddle
Piddling	of Piddle
Piddle	To deal in trifles; to concern one's self with trivial matters rather than with those that are important.
Piddle	To be squeamishly nice about one's food.
Piddle	To urinate; -- child's word.
Piddler	One who piddles.
Piddling	Trifling; trivial; frivolous; paltry; -- applied to persons and things.
Piddock	Any species of Pholas; a pholad. See Pholas.
Pie	An article of food consisting of paste baked with something in it or under it; as, chicken pie; venison pie; mince pie; apple pie; pumpkin pie.
Pie	See Camp, n., 5.
Pie	A magpie.
Pie	Any other species of the genus Pica, and of several allied genera.
Pie	The service book.
Pie	Type confusedly mixed. See Pi.
Pie	See Pi.
Piebald	Having spots and patches of black and white, or other colors; mottled; pied.
Piebald	Fig.: Mixed.
Piece	A fragment or part of anything separated from the whole, in any manner, as by cutting, splitting, breaking, or tearing; a part; a portion; as, a piece of sugar; to break in pieces.
Piece	A definite portion or quantity, as of goods or work; as, a piece of broadcloth; a piece of wall paper.
Piece	Any one thing conceived of as apart from other things of the same kind; an individual article; a distinct single effort of a series; a definite performance
Piece	A literary or artistic composition; as, a piece of poetry, music, or statuary.
Piece	A musket, gun, or cannon; as, a battery of six pieces; a following piece.
Piece	A coin; as, a sixpenny piece; -- formerly applied specifically to an English gold coin worth 22 shillings.
Piece	A fact; an item; as, a piece of news; a piece of knowledge.
Piece	An individual; -- applied to a person as being of a certain nature or quality; often, but not always, used slightingly or in contempt.
Piece	One of the superior men, distinguished from a pawn.
Piece	A castle; a fortified building.
Pieced	of Piece
Piecing	of Piece
Piece	To make, enlarge, or repair, by the addition of a piece or pieces; to patch; as, to piece a garment; -- often with out.
Piece	To unite; to join; to combine.
Piece	To unite by a coalescence of parts; to fit together; to join.
Pieceless	Not made of pieces; whole; entire.
Piecely	In pieces; piecemeal.
Piecemeal	In pieces; in parts or fragments.
Piecemeal	Piece by piece; by little and little in succession.
Piecemeal	Made up of parts or pieces; single; separate.
Piecemeal	A fragment; a scrap.
Piecemealed	Divided into pieces.
Piecener	One who supplies rolls of wool to the slubbing machine in woolen mills.
Piecener	Same as Piecer, 2.
Piecer	One who pieces; a patcher.
Piecer	A child employed in spinning mill to tie together broken threads.
Piecework	Work done by the piece or job; work paid for at a rate based on the amount of work done, rather than on the time employed.
Pied	imp. & p. p. of Pi, or Pie, v.
Pied	Variegated with spots of different colors; party-colored; spotted; piebald.
Piedmont	Noting the region of foothills near the base of a mountain chain.
Piedmontite	A manganesian kind of epidote, from Piedmont. See Epidote.
Piedness	The state of being pied.
Piedouche	A pedestal of small size, used to support small objects, as busts, vases, and the like.
Piedstall	See Pedestal.
Piemen	of Pieman
Pieman	A man who makes or sells pies.
Piend	See Peen.
Pieno	Full; having all the instruments.
Pieplant	A plant (Rheum Rhaponticum) the leafstalks of which are acid, and are used in making pies; the garden rhubarb.
Piepoudre	Alt. of Piepowder
Piepowder	An ancient court of record in England, formerly incident to every fair and market, of which the steward of him who owned or had the toll was the judge.
Pier	Any detached mass of masonry, whether insulated or supporting one side of an arch or lintel, as of a bridge; the piece of wall between two openings.
Pier	Any additional or auxiliary mass of masonry used to stiffen a wall. See Buttress.
Pier	A projecting wharf or landing place.
Pierage	Same as Wharfage.
Pierced	of Pierce
Piercing	of Pierce
Pierce	To thrust into, penetrate, or transfix, with a pointed instrument.
Pierce	To penetrate; to enter; to force a way into or through; to pass into or through; as, to pierce the enemy's line; a shot pierced the ship.
Pierce	Fig.: To penetrate; to affect deeply; as, to pierce a mystery.
Pierce	To enter; to penetrate; to make a way into or through something, as a pointed instrument does; -- used literally and figuratively.
Pierceable	That may be pierced.
Pierced	Penetrated; entered; perforated.
Piercel	A kind of gimlet for making vents in casks; -- called also piercer.
Piercer	One who, or that which, pierces or perforates
Piercer	An instrument used in forming eyelets; a stiletto.
Piercer	A piercel.
Piercer	The ovipositor, or sting, of an insect.
Piercer	An insect provided with an ovipositor.
Piercing	Forcibly entering, or adapted to enter, at or by a point; perforating; penetrating; keen; -- used also figuratively; as, a piercing instrument, or thrust.
Pierian	Of or pertaining to Pierides or Muses.
Pierid	Any butterfly of the genus Pieris and related genera. See Cabbage butterfly, under Cabbage.
Pierides	The Muses.
Piet	The dipper, or water ouzel.
Piet	The magpie.
Pieta	A representation of the dead Christ, attended by the Virgin Mary or by holy women and angels.
Pietism	The principle or practice of the Pietists.
Pietism	Strict devotion; also, affectation of devotion.
Pietist	One of a class of religious reformers in Germany in the 17th century who sought to revive declining piety in the Protestant churches; -- often applied as a term of reproach to those who make a display of religious feeling. Also used adjectively.
Pietistic	Alt. of Pietistical
Pietistical	Of or pertaining to the Pietists; hence, in contempt, affectedly or demonstratively religious.
Pietra dura	Hard and fine stones in general, such as are used for inlay and the like, as distinguished from the softer stones used in building; thus, a Florentine mosaic is a familiar instance of work in pietra dura, though the ground may be soft marble.
Piety	Veneration or reverence of the Supreme Being, and love of his character; loving obedience to the will of God, and earnest devotion to his service.
Piety	Duty; dutifulness; filial reverence and devotion; affectionate reverence and service shown toward parents, relatives, benefactors, country, etc.
Piewipe	The lapwing, or pewit.
Piezometer	An instrument for measuring the compressibility of liquids.
Piezometer	A gauge connected with a water main to show the pressure at that point.
Piffero	Alt. of Piffara
Piffara	A fife; also, a rude kind of oboe or a bagpipe with an inflated skin for reservoir.
Pig	A piggin.
Pig	The young of swine, male or female; also, any swine; a hog.
Pig	Any wild species of the genus Sus and related genera.
Pig	An oblong mass of cast iron, lead, or other metal. See Mine pig, under Mine.
Pig	One who is hoggish; a greedy person.
Pigged	of Pig
Pigging	of Pig
Pig	To bring forth (pigs); to bring forth in the manner of pigs; to farrow.
Pig	To huddle or lie together like pigs, in one bed.
Pigeon	Any bird of the order Columbae, of which numerous species occur in nearly all parts of the world.
Pigeon	An unsuspected victim of sharpers; a gull.
Pigeon	To pluck; to fleece; to swindle by tricks in gambling.
Pigeon-breasted	Having a breast like a pigeon, -- the sternum being so prominent as to constitute a deformity; chicken-breasted.
Pigeonfoot	The dove's-foot geranium (Geranium molle).
Pigeon-hearted	Timid; easily frightened; chicken-hearted.
Pigeonhole	A small compartment in a desk or case for the keeping of letters, documents, etc.; -- so called from the resemblance of a row of them to the compartments in a dovecote.
Pigeonhole	To place in the pigeonhole of a case or cabinet; hence, to put away; to lay aside indefinitely; as, to pigeonhole a letter or a report.
Pigeon-livered	Pigeon-hearted.
Pigeonry	A place for pigeons; a dovecote.
Pigeontoed	Having the toes turned in.
Pig-eyed	Having small, deep-set eyes.
Pigfish	Any one of several species of salt-water grunts; -- called also hogfish.
Pigfish	A sculpin. The name is also applied locally to several other fishes.
Pigfoot	A marine fish (Scorpaena porcus), native of Europe. It is reddish brown, mottled with dark brown and black.
Pigg	A piggin. See 1st Pig.
Piggeries	of Piggery
Piggery	A place where swine are kept.
Piggin	A small wooden pail or tub with an upright stave for a handle, -- often used as a dipper.
Piggish	Relating to, or like, a pig; greedy.
Pig-headed	Having a head like a pig; hence, figuratively: stupidity obstinate; perverse; stubborn.
Pight	Pitched; fixed; determined.
Pightel	A small inclosure.
Pig-jawed	Having the upper jaw projecting beyond the lower, with the upper incisors in advance of the lower; -- said of dogs.
Pigmean	See Pygmean.
Pigment	Any material from which a dye, a paint, or the like, may be prepared; particularly, the refined and purified coloring matter ready for mixing with an appropriate vehicle.
Pigment	Any one of the colored substances found in animal and vegetable tissues and fluids, as bilirubin, urobilin, chlorophyll, etc.
Pigment	Wine flavored with species and honey.
Pigmental	Alt. of Pigmentary
Pigmentary	Of or pertaining to pigments; furnished with pigments.
Pigmentation	A deposition, esp. an excessive deposition, of coloring matter; as, pigmentation of the liver.
Pigmented	Colored; specifically (Biol.), filled or imbued with pigment; as, pigmented epithelial cells; pigmented granules.
Pigmentous	Pigmental.
Pigmy	See Pygmy.
Pignerate	To pledge or pawn.
Pignerate	to receive in pawn, as a pawnbroker does.
Pignoration	The act of pledging or pawning.
Pignoration	The taking of cattle doing damage, by way of pledge, till satisfaction is made.
Pignorative	Pledging, pawning.
Pignora	of Pignus
Pignus	A pledge or pawn.
Pignut	See Groundnut (d).
Pignut	The bitter-flavored nut of a species of hickory (Carya glabra, / porcina); also, the tree itself.
Pigpen	A pen, or sty, for pigs.
Pigskin	The skin of a pig, -- used chiefly for making saddles; hence, a colloquial or slang term for a saddle.
Pigsney	A word of endearment for a girl or woman.
Pig-sticking	Boar hunting; -- so called by Anglo-Indians.
Pigsties	of Pigsty
Pigsty	A pigpen.
Pigtail	The tail of a pig.
Pigtail	A cue, or queue.
Pigtail	A kind of twisted chewing tobacco.
Pigtailed	Having a tail like a pig's; as, the pigtailed baboon.
Pigweed	A name of several annual weeds. See Goosefoot, and Lamb's-quarters.
Pigwidgeon	A cant word for anything petty or small. It is used by Drayton as the name of a fairy.
Pika	Any one of several species of rodents of the genus Lagomys, resembling small tailless rabbits. They inhabit the high mountains of Asia and America. Called also calling hare, and crying hare. See Chief hare.
Pike	A foot soldier's weapon, consisting of a long wooden shaft or staff, with a pointed steel head. It is now superseded by the bayonet.
Pike	A pointed head or spike; esp., one in the center of a shield or target.
Pike	A hayfork.
Pike	A pick.
Pike	A pointed or peaked hill.
Pike	A large haycock.
Pike	A turnpike; a toll bar.
Pike	A large fresh-water fish (Esox lucius), found in Europe and America, highly valued as a food fish; -- called also pickerel, gedd, luce, and jack.
Piked	Furnished with a pike; ending in a point; peaked; pointed.
Pike-devant	A pointed beard.
Pikelet	Alt. of Pikelin
Pikelin	A light, thin cake or muffin.
Pikeman	of Pikeman
Pikeman	A soldier armed with a pike.
Pikeman	A miner who works with a pick.
Pikeman	A keeper of a turnpike gate.
Pikestaff	The staff, or shaft, of a pike.
Pikestaff	A staff with a spike in the lower end, to guard against slipping.
Piketail	See Pintail, 1.
Pikrolite	See Picrolite.
Pilage	See Pelage.
Pilaster	An upright architectural member right-angled in plan, constructionally a pier (See Pier, 1 (b)), but architecturally corresponding to a column, having capital, shaft, and base to agree with those of the columns of the same order. In most cases the projection from the wall is one third of its width, or less.
Pilastered	Furnished with pilasters.
Pilau	See Pillau.
Pilch	A gown or case of skin, or one trimmed or lined with fur.
Pilchard	A small European food fish (Clupea pilchardus) resembling the herring, but thicker and rounder. It is sometimes taken in great numbers on the coast of England.
Pilcher	A scabbard, as of a sword.
Pilcher	The pilchard.
Pilcrow	a paragraph mark, /.
Pile	A hair; hence, the fiber of wool, cotton, and the like; also, the nap when thick or heavy, as of carpeting and velvet.
Pile	A covering of hair or fur.
Pile	The head of an arrow or spear.
Pile	A large stake, or piece of timber, pointed and driven into the earth, as at the bottom of a river, or in a harbor where the ground is soft, for the support of a building, a pier, or other superstructure, or to form a cofferdam, etc.
Pile	One of the ordinaries or subordinaries having the form of a wedge, usually placed palewise, with the broadest end uppermost.
Pile	To drive piles into; to fill with piles; to strengthen with piles.
Pile	A mass of things heaped together; a heap; as, a pile of stones; a pile of wood.
Pile	A mass formed in layers; as, a pile of shot.
Pile	A funeral pile; a pyre.
Pile	A large building, or mass of buildings.
Pile	Same as Fagot, n., 2.
Pile	A vertical series of alternate disks of two dissimilar metals, as copper and zinc, laid up with disks of cloth or paper moistened with acid water between them, for producing a current of electricity; -- commonly called Volta's pile, voltaic pile, or galvanic pile.
Pile	The reverse of a coin. See Reverse.
Piled	of Pile
Piling	of Pile
Pile	To lay or throw into a pile or heap; to heap up; to collect into a mass; to accumulate; to amass; -- often with up; as, to pile up wood.
Pile	To cover with heaps; or in great abundance; to fill or overfill; to load.
Pileate	Alt. of Pileated
Pileated	Having the form of a cap for the head.
Pileated	Having a crest covering the pileus, or whole top of the head.
Piled	Having a pile or point; pointed.
Piled	Having a pile or nap.
Piled	Formed from a pile or fagot; as, piled iron.
Pileiform	Having the form of a pileus or cap; pileate.
Pilement	An accumulation; a heap.
Pilenta	of Pilentum
Pilentum	An easy chariot or carriage, used by Roman ladies, and in which the vessels, etc., for sacred rites were carried.
Pilorhizae	of Pileorhiza
Pileorhiza	A cap of cells which covers the growing extremity of a root; a rootcap.
Pileous	Consisting of, or covered with, hair; hairy; pilose.
Piler	One who places things in a pile.
Piles	The small, troublesome tumors or swellings about the anus and lower part of the rectum which are technically called hemorrhoids. See Hemorrhoids. [The singular pile is sometimes used.]
Pilei	of Pileus
Pileus	A kind of skull cap of felt.
Pileus	The expanded upper portion of many of the fungi. See Mushroom.
Pileus	The top of the head of a bird, from the bill to the nape.
Pileworm	The teredo.
Pile-worn	Having the pile worn off; threadbare.
Pilewort	A plant (Ranunculus Ficaria of Linnaeus) whose tuberous roots have been used in poultices as a specific for the piles.
Pilfered	of Pilfer
Pilfering	of Pilfer
Pilfer	To steal in small quantities, or articles of small value; to practice petty theft.
Pilfer	To take by petty theft; to filch; to steal little by little.
Pilferer	One who pilfers; a petty thief.
Pilfering	Thieving in a small way.
Pilfering	Petty theft.
Pilfery	Petty theft.
Pilgarlic	One who has lost his hair by disease; a sneaking fellow, or one who is hardly used.
Pilgrim	A wayfarer; a wanderer; a traveler; a stranger.
Pilgrim	One who travels far, or in strange lands, to visit some holy place or shrine as a devotee; as, a pilgrim to Loretto; Canterbury pilgrims. See Palmer.
Pilgrim	Of or pertaining to a pilgrim, or pilgrims; making pilgrimages.
Pilgrim	To journey; to wander; to ramble.
Pilgrimage	The journey of a pilgrim; a long journey; especially, a journey to a shrine or other sacred place. Fig., the journey of human life.
Pilgrimage	A tedious and wearisome time.
Pilgrimize	To wander as a pilgrim; to go on a pilgrimage.
Pildia	of Pilidium
Pilidium	The free-swimming, hat-shaped larva of certain nemertean worms. It has no resemblance to its parent, and the young worm develops in its interior.
Pilifera	Same as Mammalia.
Piliferous	Bearing a single slender bristle, or hair.
Piliferous	Beset with hairs.
Piliform	Resembling hairs or down.
Piligerous	Bearing hair; covered with hair or down; piliferous.
Piling	The act of heaping up.
Piling	The process of building up, heating, and working, fagots, or piles, to form bars, etc.
Piling	A series of piles; piles considered collectively; as, the piling of a bridge.
Pill	The peel or skin.
Pill	To be peeled; to peel off in flakes.
Pill	To deprive of hair; to make bald.
Pill	To peel; to make by removing the skin.
Pilled	of Pill
Pilling	of Pill
Pill	To rob; to plunder; to pillage; to peel. See Peel, to plunder.
Pill	A medicine in the form of a little ball, or small round mass, to be swallowed whole.
Pill	Figuratively, something offensive or nauseous which must be accepted or endured.
Pillage	The act of pillaging; robbery.
Pillage	That which is taken from another or others by open force, particularly and chiefly from enemies in war; plunder; spoil; booty.
Pillaged	of Pillage
Pillaging	of Pillage
Pillage	To strip of money or goods by open violence; to plunder; to spoil; to lay waste; as, to pillage the camp of an enemy.
Pillage	To take spoil; to plunder; to ravage.
Pillager	One who pillages.
Pillar	The general and popular term for a firm, upright, insulated support for a superstructure; a pier, column, or post; also, a column or shaft not supporting a superstructure, as one erected for a monument or an ornament.
Pillar	Figuratively, that which resembles such a pillar in appearance, character, or office; a supporter or mainstay; as, the Pillars of Hercules; a pillar of the state.
Pillar	A portable ornamental column, formerly carried before a cardinal, as emblematic of his support to the church.
Pillar	The center of the volta, ring, or manege ground, around which a horse turns.
Pillar	Having a support in the form of a pillar, instead of legs; as, a pillar drill.
Pillar-block	See under Pillow.
Pillared	Supported or ornamented by pillars; resembling a pillar, or pillars.
Pillaret	A little pillar.
Pillarist	See Stylite.
Pillau	An Oriental dish consisting of rice boiled with mutton, fat, or butter.
Pilled	Stripped of hair; scant of hair; bald.
Pilled-garlic	See Pilgarlic.
Piller	One who pills or plunders.
Pilleries	of Pillery
Pillery	Plunder; pillage.
Pillion	A panel or cushion saddle; the under pad or cushion of saddle; esp., a pad or cushion put on behind a man's saddle, on which a woman may ride.
Pillorize	To set in, or punish with, the pillory; to pillory.
Pillories	of Pillory
Pillory	A frame of adjustable boards erected on a post, and having holes through which the head and hands of an offender were thrust so as to be exposed in front of it.
Pilloried	of Pillory
Pillorying	of Pillory
Pillory	To set in, or punish with, the pillory.
Pillory	Figuratively, to expose to public scorn.
Pillow	Anything used to support the head of a person when reposing; especially, a sack or case filled with feathers, down, hair, or other soft material.
Pillow	A piece of metal or wood, forming a support to equalize pressure; a brass; a pillow block.
Pillow	A block under the inner end of a bowsprit.
Pillow	A kind of plain, coarse fustian.
Pillowed	of Pillow
Pillowing	of Pillow
Pillow	To rest or lay upon, or as upon, a pillow; to support; as, to pillow the head.
Pillowcase	A removable case or covering for a pillow, usually of white linen or cotton cloth.
Pillowed	Provided with a pillow or pillows; having the head resting on, or as on, a pillow.
Pillowy	Like a pillow.
Pill-willet	The willet.
Pillworm	Any myriapod of the genus Iulus and allied genera which rolls up spirally; a galleyworm. See Illust. under Myriapod.
Pillwort	Any plant of the genus Pilularia; minute aquatic cryptograms, with small pill-shaped fruit; -- sometimes called peppergrass.
Pilocarpine	An alkaloid extracted from jaborandi (Pilocarpus pennatifolius) as a white amorphous or crystalline substance which has a peculiar effect on the vasomotor system.
Pilose	Hairy; full of, or made of, hair.
Pilose	Clothed thickly with pile or soft down.
Pilose	Covered with long, slender hairs; resembling long hairs; hairy; as, pilose pubescence.
Pilosity	The quality or state of being pilose; hairiness.
Pilot	One employed to steer a vessel; a helmsman; a steersman.
Pilot	Specifically, a person duly qualified, and licensed by authority, to conduct vessels into and out of a port, or in certain waters, for a fixed rate of fees.
Pilot	Figuratively: A guide; a director of another through a difficult or unknown course.
Pilot	An instrument for detecting the compass error.
Pilot	The cowcatcher of a locomotive.
Piloted	of Pilot
Piloting	of Pilot
Pilot	To direct the course of, as of a ship, where navigation is dangerous.
Pilot	Figuratively: To guide, as through dangers or difficulties.
Pilotage	The pilot's skill or knowledge, as of coasts, rocks, bars, and channels.
Pilotage	The compensation made or allowed to a pilot.
Pilotage	Guidance, as by a pilot.
Pilotism	Alt. of Pilotry
Pilotry	Pilotage; skill in the duties of a pilot.
Pilour	A piller; a plunderer.
Pilous	See Pilose.
Pilser	An insect that flies into a flame.
Pilular	Of or pertaining to pills; resembling a pill or pills; as, a pilular mass.
Pilulous	Like a pill; small; insignificant.
Pilwe	A pillow.
Pily	Like pile or wool.
Pimaric	Pertaining to, or designating, an acid found in galipot, and isomeric with abietic acid.
Pimelic	Pertaining to, or designating, a substance obtained from certain fatty substances, and subsequently shown to be a mixture of suberic and adipic acids.
Pimelic	Designating the acid proper (C5H10(CO2/H)2) which is obtained from camphoric acid.
Pimelite	An apple-green mineral having a greasy feel. It is a hydrous silicate of nickel, magnesia, aluminia, and iron.
Piment	Wine flavored with spice or honey. See Pigment, 3.
Pimenta	Same as Pimento.
Pimento	Allspice; -- applied both to the tree and its fruit. See Allspice.
Pimlico	The friar bird.
Pimp	One who provides gratification for the lust of others; a procurer; a pander.
Pimped	of Pimp
Pimping	of Pimp
Pimp	To procure women for the gratification of others' lusts; to pander.
Pimpernel	A plant of the genus Anagallis, of which one species (A. arvensis) has small flowers, usually scarlet, but sometimes purple, blue, or white, which speedily close at the approach of bad weather.
Pimpillo	A West Indian name for the prickly pear (Opuntia); -- called also pimploes.
Pimpinel	The burnet saxifrage. See under Saxifrage.
Pimping	Little; petty; pitiful.
Pimping	Puny; sickly.
Pimple	Any small acuminated elevation of the cuticle, whether going on to suppuration or not.
Pimple	Fig.: A swelling or protuberance like a pimple.
Pimpled	Having pimples.
Pimply	Pimpled.
Pimpship	The office, occupation, or persom of a pimp.
Pin	To peen.
Pin	To inclose; to confine; to pen; to pound.
Pin	A piece of wood, metal, etc., generally cylindrical, used for fastening separate articles together, or as a support by which one article may be suspended from another; a peg; a bolt.
Pin	Especially, a small, pointed and headed piece of brass or other wire (commonly tinned), largely used for fastening clothes, attaching papers, etc.
Pin	Hence, a thing of small value; a trifle.
Pin	That which resembles a pin in its form or use
Pin	A peg in musical instruments, for increasing or relaxing the tension of the strings.
Pin	A linchpin.
Pin	A rolling-pin.
Pin	A clothespin.
Pin	A short shaft, sometimes forming a bolt, a part of which serves as a journal.
Pin	The tenon of a dovetail joint.
Pin	One of a row of pegs in the side of an ancient drinking cup to mark how much each man should drink.
Pin	The bull's eye, or center, of a target; hence, the center.
Pin	Mood; humor.
Pin	Caligo. See Caligo.
Pin	An ornament, as a brooch or badge, fastened to the clothing by a pin; as, a Masonic pin.
Pin	The leg; as, to knock one off his pins.
Pinned	of Pin
Pinning	of Pin
Pin	To fasten with, or as with, a pin; to join; as, to pin a garment; to pin boards together.
Pia cloth	A fine material for ladies' shawls, scarfs, handkerchiefs, etc., made from the fiber of the pineapple leaf, and perhaps from other fibrous tropical leaves. It is delicate, soft, and transparent, with a slight tinge of pale yellow.
Pinacoid	A plane parallel to two of the crystalline axes.
Pinacolin	A colorless oily liquid related to the ketones, and obtained by the decomposition of pinacone; hence, by extension, any one of the series of which pinacolin proper is the type.
Pinacone	A white crystalline substance related to the glycols, and made from acetone; hence, by extension, any one of a series of substances of which pinacone proper is the type.
Pinacotheca	A picture gallery.
Pinafore	An apron for a child to protect the front part of dress; a tier.
Pinakothek	Pinacotheca.
Pinaster	A species of pine (Pinus Pinaster) growing in Southern Europe.
Pinaces	of Pinax
Pinax	A tablet; a register; hence, a list or scheme inscribed on a tablet.
Pince-nez	Eyeglasses kept on the nose by a spring.
Pincers	See Pinchers.
Pinched	of Pinch
Pinching	of Pinch
Pinch	To press hard or squeeze between the ends of the fingers, between teeth or claws, or between the jaws of an instrument; to squeeze or compress, as between any two hard bodies.
Pinch	o seize; to grip; to bite; -- said of animals.
Pinch	To plait.
Pinch	Figuratively: To cramp; to straiten; to oppress; to starve; to distress; as, to be pinched for money.
Pinch	To move, as a railroad car, by prying the wheels with a pinch. See Pinch, n., 4.
Pinch	To act with pressing force; to compress; to squeeze; as, the shoe pinches.
Pinch	To take hold; to grip, as a dog does.
Pinch	To spare; to be niggardly; to be covetous.
Pinch	A close compression, as with the ends of the fingers, or with an instrument; a nip.
Pinch	As much as may be taken between the finger and thumb; any very small quantity; as, a pinch of snuff.
Pinch	Pian; pang.
Pinch	A lever having a projection at one end, acting as a fulcrum, -- used chiefly to roll heavy wheels, etc. Called also pinch bar.
Pinchbeck	An alloy of copper and zinc, resembling gold; a yellow metal, composed of about three ounces of zinc to a pound of copper. It is much used as an imitation of gold in the manufacture of cheap jewelry.
Pinchbeck	Made of pinchbeck; sham; cheap; spurious; unreal.
Pinchcock	A clamp on a flexible pipe to regulate the flow of a fluid through the pipe.
Pinchem	The European blue titmouse.
Pincher	One who, or that which, pinches.
Pinchers	An instrument having two handles and two grasping jaws working on a pivot; -- used for griping things to be held fast, drawing nails, etc.
Pinchfist	A closefisted person; a miser.
Pinching	Compressing; nipping; griping; niggardly; as, pinching cold; a pinching parsimony.
Pinchingly	In a pinching way.
Pinchpenny	A miserly person.
Pincoffin	A commercial preparation of garancin, yielding fine violet tints.
Pincpinc	An African wren warbler. (Drymoica textrix).
Pincushion	A small cushion, in which pins may be stuck for use.
Pindal	Alt. of Pindar
Pindar	The peanut (Arachis hypogaea); -- so called in the West Indies.
Pindaric	Of or pertaining to Pindar, the Greek lyric poet; after the style and manner of Pindar; as, Pindaric odes.
Pindaric	A Pindaric ode.
Pindarical	Pindaric.
Pindarism	Imitation of Pindar.
Pindarist	One who imitates Pindar.
Pinder	One who impounds; a poundkeeper.
Pine	Woe; torment; pain.
Pined	of Pine
Pining	of Pine
Pine	To inflict pain upon; to torment; to torture; to afflict.
Pine	To grieve or mourn for.
Pine	To suffer; to be afflicted.
Pine	To languish; to lose flesh or wear away, under any distress or anexiety of mind; to droop; -- often used with away.
Pine	To languish with desire; to waste away with longing for something; -- usually followed by for.
Pine	Any tree of the coniferous genus Pinus. See Pinus.
Pine	The wood of the pine tree.
Pine	A pineapple.
Pineal	Of or pertaining to a pine cone; resembling a pine cone.
Pineapple	A tropical plant (Ananassa sativa); also, its fruit; -- so called from the resemblance of the latter, in shape and external appearance, to the cone of the pine tree. Its origin is unknown, though conjectured to be American.
Pineaster	See Pinaster.
Pine-clad	Alt. of Pine-crowned
Pine-crowned	Clad or crowned with pine trees; as, pine-clad hills.
Pinedrops	A reddish herb (Pterospora andromedea) of the United States, found parasitic on the roots of pine trees.
Pinefinch	A small American bird (Spinus, / Chrysomitris, spinus); -- called also pine siskin, and American siskin.
Pinefinch	The pine grosbeak.
Pinenchyma	Tabular parenchyma, a form of cellular tissue in which the cells are broad and flat, as in some kinds of epidermis.
Pineries	of Pinery
Pinery	A pine forest; a grove of pines.
Pinery	A hothouse in which pineapples are grown.
Pinesap	A reddish fleshy herb of the genus Monotropa (M. hypopitys), formerly thought to be parasitic on the roots of pine trees, but more probably saprophytic.
Pinetum	A plantation of pine trees; esp., a collection of living pine trees made for ornamental or scientific purposes.
Pineweed	A low, bushy, nearly leafless herb (Hypericum Sarothra), common in sandy soil in the Eastern United States.
Piney	See Piny.
Piney	A term used in designating an East Indian tree (the Vateria Indica or piney tree, of the order Dipterocarpeae, which grows in Malabar, etc.) or its products.
Pin-eyed	Having the stigma visible at the throad of a gamopetalous corolla, while the stamens are concealed in the tube; -- said of dimorphous flowers. The opposite of thrum-eyed.
Pinfeather	A feather not fully developed; esp., a rudimentary feather just emerging through the skin.
Pinfeathered	Having part, or all, of the feathers imperfectly developed.
Pinfish	The sailor's choice (Diplodus, / Lagodon, rhomboides).
Pinfish	The salt-water bream (Diplodus Holbrooki).
Pinfold	A place in which stray cattle or domestic animals are confined; a pound; a penfold.
Ping	The sound made by a bullet in striking a solid object or in passing through the air.
Pinged	of Ping
Pinging	of Ping
Ping	To make the sound called ping.
Pingle	A small piece of inclosed ground.
Pingster	See Pinkster.
Pinguicula	See Butterwort.
Pinguid	Fat; unctuous; greasy.
Pinguidinous	Containing fat; fatty.
Pinguitude	Fatness; a growing fat; obesity.
Pinhold	A place where a pin is fixed.
Pinic	Of or pertaining to the pine; obtained from the pine; formerly, designating an acid which is the chief constituent of common resin, -- now called abietic, or sylvic, acid.
Pining	Languishing; drooping; wasting away, as with longing.
Pining	Wasting; consuming.
Piningly	In a pining manner; droopingly.
Pinion	A moth of the genus Lithophane, as L. antennata, whose larva bores large holes in young peaches and apples.
Pinion	A feather; a quill.
Pinion	A wing, literal or figurative.
Pinion	The joint of bird's wing most remote from the body.
Pinion	A fetter for the arm.
Pinion	A cogwheel with a small number of teeth, or leaves, adapted to engage with a larger wheel, or rack (see Rack); esp., such a wheel having its leaves formed of the substance of the arbor or spindle which is its axis.
Pinioned	of Pinion
Pinioning	of Pinion
Pinion	To bind or confine the wings of; to confine by binding the wings.
Pinion	To disable by cutting off the pinion joint.
Pinion	To disable or restrain, as a person, by binding the arms, esp. by binding the arms to the body.
Pinion	Hence, generally, to confine; to bind; to tie up.
Pinioned	Having wings or pinions.
Pinionist	Any winged creature.
Pinite	A compact granular cryptocrystalline mineral of a dull grayish or greenish white color. It is a hydrous alkaline silicate, and is derived from the alteration of other minerals, as iolite.
Pinite	Any fossil wood which exhibits traces of having belonged to the Pine family.
Pinite	A sweet white crystalline substance extracted from the gum of a species of pine (Pinus Lambertina). It is isomeric with, and resembles, quercite.
Pink	A vessel with a very narrow stern; -- called also pinky.
Pink	To wink; to blink.
Pink	Half-shut; winking.
Pinked	of Pink
Pinking	of Pink
Pink	To pierce with small holes; to cut the edge of, as cloth or paper, in small scallops or angles.
Pink	To stab; to pierce as with a sword.
Pink	To choose; to cull; to pick out.
Pink	A stab.
Pink	A name given to several plants of the caryophyllaceous genus Dianthus, and to their flowers, which are sometimes very fragrant and often double in cultivated varieties. The species are mostly perennial herbs, with opposite linear leaves, and handsome five-petaled flowers with a tubular calyx.
Pink	A color resulting from the combination of a pure vivid red with more or less white; -- so called from the common color of the flower.
Pink	Anything supremely excellent; the embodiment or perfection of something.
Pink	The European minnow; -- so called from the color of its abdomen in summer.
Pink	Resembling the garden pink in color; of the color called pink (see 6th Pink, 2); as, a pink dress; pink ribbons.
Pinked	Pierced with small holes; worked in eyelets; scalloped on the edge.
Pink-eyed	Having small eyes.
Pinking	The act of piercing or stabbing.
Pinking	The act or method of decorating fabrics or garments with a pinking iron; also, the style of decoration; scallops made with a pinking iron.
Pinkish	Somewhat pink.
Pinkness	Quality or state of being pink.
Pinkroot	The root of Spigelia Marilandica, used as a powerful vermifuge; also, that of S. Anthelmia. See definition 2 (below).
Pinkroot	A perennial North American herb (Spigelia Marilandica), sometimes cultivated for its showy red blossoms. Called also Carolina pink, Maryland pinkroot, and worm grass.
Pinkroot	An annual South American and West Indian plant (Spigelia Anthelmia).
Pinkster	Whitsuntide.
Pink stern	See Chebacco, and 1st Pink.
Pink-sterned	Having a very narrow stern; -- said of a vessel.
Pinky	See 1st Pink.
Pinnae	of Pinna
Pinnas	of Pinna
Pinna	A leaflet of a pinnate leaf. See Illust. of Bipinnate leaf, under Bipinnate.
Pinna	One of the primary divisions of a decompound leaf.
Pinna	One of the divisions of a pinnate part or organ.
Pinna	Any species of Pinna, a genus of large bivalve mollusks found in all warm seas. The byssus consists of a large number of long, silky fibers, which have been used in manufacturing woven fabrics, as a curiosity.
Pinna	The auricle of the ear. See Ear.
Pinnace	A small vessel propelled by sails or oars, formerly employed as a tender, or for coast defence; -- called originally, spynace or spyne.
Pinnace	A man-of-war's boat.
Pinnace	A procuress; a pimp.
Pinnacle	An architectural member, upright, and generally ending in a small spire, -- used to finish a buttress, to constitute a part in a proportion, as where pinnacles flank a gable or spire, and the like. Pinnacles may be considered primarily as added weight, where it is necessary to resist the thrust of an arch, etc.
Pinnacle	Anything resembling a pinnacle; a lofty peak; a pointed summit.
Pinnacled	of Pinnacle
Pinnacling	of Pinnacle
Pinnacle	To build or furnish with a pinnacle or pinnacles.
Pinnage	Poundage of cattle. See Pound.
Pinnate	Alt. of Pinnated
Pinnated	Consisting of several leaflets, or separate portions, arranged on each side of a common petiole, as the leaves of a rosebush, a hickory, or an ash. See Abruptly pinnate, and Illust., under Abruptly.
Pinnated	Having a winglike tuft of long feathers on each side of the neck.
Pinnately	In a pinnate manner.
Pinnatifid	Divided in a pinnate manner, with the divisions not reaching to the midrib.
Pinnatilobate	Having lobes arranged in a pinnate manner.
Pinnatiped	Having the toes bordered by membranes; fin-footed, as certain birds.
Pinnatiped	Any bird which has the toes bordered by membranes.
Pinner	One who, or that which, pins or fastens, as with pins.
Pinner	A headdress like a cap, with long lappets.
Pinner	An apron with a bib; a pinafore.
Pinner	A cloth band for a gown.
Pinner	A pin maker.
Pinner	One who pins or impounds cattle. See Pin, v. t.
Pinnet	A pinnacle.
Pinniform	Shaped like a fin or feather.
Pinnigrada	Same as Pinnipedia.
Pinnigrade	An animal of the seal tribe, moving by short feet that serve as paddles.
Pinniped	One of the Pinnipedia; a seal.
Pinniped	One of the Pinnipedes.
Pinnipedes	Same as Steganopodes.
Pinnipedia	A suborder of aquatic carnivorous mammals including the seals and walruses; -- opposed to Fissipedia.
Pinnock	The hedge sparrow.
Pinnock	The tomtit.
Pinnothere	A crab of the genus pinnotheres. See Oyster crab, under Oyster.
Pinnulae	of Pinnula
Pinnula	Same as Pinnule.
Pinnulate	Having each pinna subdivided; -- said of a leaf, or of its pinnae.
Pinnulated	Having pinnules.
Pinnule	One of the small divisions of a decompound frond or leaf. See Illust. of Bipinnate leaf, under Bipinnate.
Pinnule	Any one of a series of small, slender organs, or parts, when arranged in rows so as to have a plumelike appearance; as, a pinnule of a gorgonia; the pinnules of a crinoid.
Pinnywinkles	An instrument of torture, consisting of a board with holes into which the fingers were pressed, and fastened with pegs.
Pinocle	See Penuchle.
Pinole	An aromatic powder used in Italy in the manufacture of chocolate.
Pinole	Parched maize, ground, and mixed with sugar, etc. Mixed with water, it makes a nutritious beverage.
Pion	The edible seed of several species of pine; also, the tree producing such seeds, as Pinus Pinea of Southern Europe, and P. Parryana, cembroides, edulis, and monophylla, the nut pines of Western North America.
Pion	See Monkey's puzzle.
Pinpatch	The common English periwinkle.
Pint	A measure of capacity, equal to half a quart, or four gills, -- used in liquid and dry measures. See Quart.
Pint	The laughing gull.
Pintados	of Pintado
Pintado	Any bird of the genus Numida. Several species are found in Africa. The common pintado, or Guinea fowl, the helmeted, and the crested pintados, are the best known. See Guinea fowl, under Guinea.
Pintail	A northern duck (Dafila acuta), native of both continents. The adult male has a long, tapering tail. Called also gray duck, piketail, piket-tail, spike-tail, split-tail, springtail, sea pheasant, and gray widgeon.
Pintail	The sharp-tailed grouse of the great plains and Rocky Mountains (Pediocaetes phasianellus); -- called also pintailed grouse, pintailed chicken, springtail, and sharptail.
Pin-tailed	Having a tapered tail, with the middle feathers longest; -- said of birds.
Pintle	A little pin.
Pintle	An upright pivot pin
Pintle	The pivot pin of a hinge.
Pintle	A hook or pin on which a rudder hangs and turns.
Pintle	A pivot about which the chassis swings, in some kinds of gun carriages.
Pintle	A kingbolt of a wagon.
Pintos	A mountain tribe of Mexican Indians living near Acapulco. They are remarkable for having the dark skin of the face irregularly spotted with white. Called also speckled Indians.
Pinule	One of the sights of an astrolabe.
Pinus	A large genus of evergreen coniferous trees, mostly found in the northern hemisphere. The genus formerly included the firs, spruces, larches, and hemlocks, but is now limited to those trees which have the primary leaves of the branchlets reduced to mere scales, and the secondary ones (pine needles) acicular, and usually in fascicles of two to seven. See Pine.
Pinweed	Any plant of the genus Lechea, low North American herbs with branching stems, and very small and abundant leaves and flowers.
Pinworm	A small nematoid worm (Oxyurus vermicularis), which is parasitic chiefly in the rectum of man. It is most common in children and aged persons.
Pinxit	A word appended to the artist's name or initials on a painting, or engraved copy of a painting; as, Rubens pinxit, Rubens painted (this).
Pinxter	See Pinkster.
Piny	Abounding with pines.
Pioned	A Shakespearean word of disputed meaning; perh., "abounding in marsh marigolds."
Pioneer	A soldier detailed or employed to form roads, dig trenches, and make bridges, as an army advances.
Pioneer	One who goes before, as into the wilderness, preparing the way for others to follow; as, pioneers of civilization; pioneers of reform.
Pioneered	of Pioneer
Pioneering	of Pioneer
Pioneer	To go before, and prepare or open a way for; to act as pioneer.
Pioner	A pioneer.
Piony	See Peony.
Piot	The magpie.
Pious	Of or pertaining to piety; exhibiting piety; reverential; dutiful; religious; devout; godly.
Pious	Practiced under the pretext of religion; prompted by mistaken piety; as, pious errors; pious frauds.
Piously	In a pious manner.
Pip	A contagious disease of fowls, characterized by hoarseness, discharge from the nostrils and eyes, and an accumulation of mucus in the mouth, forming a "scale" on the tongue. By some the term pip is restricted to this last symptom, the disease being called roup by them.
Pip	A seed, as of an apple or orange.
Pip	One of the conventional figures or "spots" on playing cards, dominoes, etc.
Pipped	of Pip
Pipping	of Pip
Pip	To cry or chirp, as a chicken; to peep.
Pipas	of Pipa
Pipa	The Surinam toad (Pipa Americana), noted for its peculiar breeding habits.
Pipage	Transportation, as of petroleum oil, by means of a pipe conduit; also, the charge for such transportation.
Pipal tree	Same as Peepul tree.
Pipe	A wind instrument of music, consisting of a tube or tubes of straw, reed, wood, or metal; any tube which produces musical sounds; as, a shepherd's pipe; the pipe of an organ.
Pipe	Any long tube or hollow body of wood, metal, earthenware, or the like: especially, one used as a conductor of water, steam, gas, etc.
Pipe	A small bowl with a hollow steam, -- used in smoking tobacco, and, sometimes, other substances.
Pipe	A passageway for the air in speaking and breathing; the windpipe, or one of its divisions.
Pipe	The key or sound of the voice.
Pipe	The peeping whistle, call, or note of a bird.
Pipe	The bagpipe; as, the pipes of Lucknow.
Pipe	An elongated body or vein of ore.
Pipe	A roll formerly used in the English exchequer, otherwise called the Great Roll, on which were taken down the accounts of debts to the king; -- so called because put together like a pipe.
Pipe	A boatswain's whistle, used to call the crew to their duties; also, the sound of it.
Pipe	A cask usually containing two hogsheads, or 126 wine gallons; also, the quantity which it contains.
Pipe	To play on a pipe, fife, flute, or other tubular wind instrument of music.
Pipe	To call, convey orders, etc., by means of signals on a pipe or whistle carried by a boatswain.
Pipe	To emit or have a shrill sound like that of a pipe; to whistle.
Pipe	To become hollow in the process of solodifying; -- said of an ingot, as of steel.
Piped	of Pipe
Piping	of Pipe
Pipe	To perform, as a tune, by playing on a pipe, flute, fife, etc.; to utter in the shrill tone of a pipe.
Pipe	To call or direct, as a crew, by the boatswain's whistle.
Pipe	To furnish or equip with pipes; as, to pipe an engine, or a building.
Pipe clay	A plastic, unctuous clay of a grayish white color, -- used in making tobacco pipes and various kinds of earthenware, in scouring cloth, and in cleansing soldiers' equipments.
Pipeclay	To whiten or clean with pipe clay, as a soldier's accouterments.
Pipeclay	To clear off; as, to pipeclay accounts.
Piped	Formed with a pipe; having pipe or pipes; tubular.
Pipefish	Any lophobranch fish of the genus Siphostoma, or Syngnathus, and allied genera, having a long and very slender angular body, covered with bony plates. The mouth is small, at the end of a long, tubular snout. The male has a pouch on his belly, in which the incubation of the eggs takes place.
Pipelayer	Alt. of Pipe layer
Pipe layer	One who lays conducting pipes in the ground, as for water, gas, etc.
Pipe layer	A politician who works in secret; -- in this sense, usually written as one word.
Pipelaying	Alt. of Pipe laying
Pipe laying	The laying of conducting pipes underground, as for water, gas, etc.
Pipe laying	The act or method of making combinations for personal advantage secretly or slyly; -- in this sense, usually written as one word.
Pipemouth	Any fish of the genus Fistularia; -- called also tobacco pipefish. See Fistularia.
Piper	See Pepper.
Piper	One who plays on a pipe, or the like, esp. on a bagpipe.
Piper	A common European gurnard (Trigla lyra), having a large head, with prominent nasal projection, and with large, sharp, opercular spines.
Piper	A sea urchin (Goniocidaris hystrix) having very long spines, native of both the American and European coasts.
Piperaceous	Of or pertaining to the order of plants (Piperaceae) of which the pepper (Piper nigrum) is the type. There are about a dozen genera and a thousand species, mostly tropical plants with pungent and aromatic qualities.
Piperic	Pertaining to, or derived from, or designating, a complex organic acid found in the products of different members of the Pepper family, and extracted as a yellowish crystalline substance.
Piperidge	Same as Pepperidge.
Piperidine	An oily liquid alkaloid, C5H11N, having a hot, peppery, ammoniacal odor. It is related to pyridine, and is obtained by the decomposition of piperine.
Piperine	A white crystalline compound of piperidine and piperic acid. It is obtained from the black pepper (Piper nigrum) and other species.
Piperonal	A white crystalline substance obtained by oxidation of piperic acid, and regarded as a complex aldehyde.
Piperylene	A hydrocarbon obtained by decomposition of certain piperidine derivatives.
Pipestem	The hollow stem or tube of a pipe used for smoking tobacco, etc.
Pipestone	A kind of clay slate, carved by the Indians into tobacco pipes.  Cf. Catlinite.
Pipette	A small glass tube, often with an enlargement or bulb in the middle, and usually graduated, -- used for transferring or delivering measured quantities.
Pipevine	The Dutchman's pipe. See under Dutchman.
Pipewort	Any plant of a genus (Eriocaulon) of aquatic or marsh herbs with soft grass-like leaves.
Piping	Playing on a musical pipe.
Piping	Peaceful; favorable to, or characterized by, the music of the pipe rather than of the drum and fife.
Piping	Emitting a high, shrill sound.
Piping	Simmering; boiling; sizzling; hissing; -- from the sound of boiling fluids.
Piping	A small cord covered with cloth, -- used as trimming for women's dresses.
Piping	Pipes, collectively; as, the piping of a house.
Piping	The act of playing on a pipe; the shrill noted of birds, etc.
Piping	A piece cut off to be set or planted; a cutting; also, propagation by cuttings.
Pipistrel	Alt. of Pipistrelle
Pipistrelle	A small European bat (Vesperugo pipistrellus); -- called also flittermouse.
Pipit	Any one of numerous species of small singing birds belonging to Anthus and allied genera, of the family Motacillidae. They strongly resemble the true larks in habits, colors, and the great length of the hind claw. They are, therefore, often called titlarks, and pipit larks.
Pipkin	A small earthen boiler.
Pippin	An apple from a tree raised from the seed and not grafted; a seedling apple.
Pippin	A name given to apples of several different kinds, as Newtown pippin, summer pippin, fall pippin, golden pippin.
Pippul tree	Same as Peepul tree.
Pipras	of Pipra
Pipra	Any one of numerous species of small clamatorial birds belonging to Pipra and allied genera, of the family Pipridae. The male is usually glossy black, varied with scarlet, yellow, or sky blue. They chiefly inhabit South America.
Piprine	Of or pertaining to the pipras, or the family Pipridae.
Pipsissewa	A low evergreen plant (Chimaphila umbellata), with narrow, wedge-lanceolate leaves, and an umbel of pretty nodding fragrant blossoms. It has been used in nephritic diseases. Called also prince's pine.
Pipy	Like a pipe; hollow-stemmed.
Piquancy	The quality or state of being piquant.
Piquant	Stimulating to the taste; giving zest; tart; sharp; pungent; as, a piquant anecdote.
Piquantly	In a piquant manner.
Pique	A cotton fabric, figured in the loom, -- used as a dress goods for women and children, and for vestings, etc.
Pique	The jigger. See Jigger.
Pique	A feeling of hurt, vexation, or resentment, awakened by a social slight or injury; irritation of the feelings, as through wounded pride; stinging vexation.
Pique	Keenly felt desire; a longing.
Pique	In piquet, the right of the elder hand to count thirty in hand, or to play before the adversary counts one.
Piqued	of Pique
Piquing	of Pique
Pique	To wound the pride of; to sting; to nettle; to irritate; to fret; to offend; to excite to anger.
Pique	To excite to action by causing resentment or jealousy; to stimulate; to prick; as, to pique ambition, or curiosity.
Pique	To pride or value; -- used reflexively.
Pique	To cause annoyance or irritation.
Piqueer	See Pickeer.
Piqueerer	See Pickeerer.
Piquet	See Picket.
Piquet	A game at cards played between two persons, with thirty-two cards, all the deuces, threes, fours, fives, and sixes, being set aside.
Piracies	of Piracy
Piracy	The act or crime of a pirate.
Piracy	Robbery on the high seas; the taking of property from others on the open sea by open violence; without lawful authority, and with intent to steal; -- a crime answering to robbery on land.
Piracy	
Piragua	See Pirogue.
Pirai	Same as Piraya.
Pirameter	A dynamometer for ascertaining the power required to draw carriages over roads.
Pirarucu	Same as Arapaima.
Pirate	A robber on the high seas; one who by open violence takes the property of another on the high seas; especially, one who makes it his business to cruise for robbery or plunder; a freebooter on the seas; also, one who steals in a harbor.
Pirate	An armed ship or vessel which sails without a legal commission, for the purpose of plundering other vessels on the high seas.
Pirate	One who infringes the law of copyright, or publishes the work of an author without permission.
Pirated	of Pirate
Pirating	of Pirate
Pirate	To play the pirate; to practice robbery on the high seas.
Pirate	To publish, as books or writings, without the permission of the author.
Piratic	Piratical.
Piratical	Of or pertaining to a pirate; acquired by, or practicing, piracy; as, a piratical undertaking.
Piraya	A large voracious fresh-water fish (Serrasalmo piraya) of South America, having lancet-shaped teeth.
Pirie	See Pirry.
Pirie	A pear tree.
Piririgua	A South American bird (Guira guira) allied to the cuckoos.
Pirl	To spin, as a top.
Pirl	To twist or twine, as hair in making fishing lines.
Pirn	A quill or reed on which thread or yarn is wound; a bobbin; also, the wound yarn on a weaver's shuttle; also, the reel of a fishing rod.
Pirogue	A dugout canoe; by extension, any small boat.
Pirouette	A whirling or turning on the toes in dancing.
Pirouette	The whirling about of a horse.
Pirouetted	of Pirouette
Pirouetting	of Pirouette
Pirouette	To perform a pirouette; to whirl, like a dancer.
Pirry	Alt. of Pirrie
Pirrie	A rough gale of wind.
Pisasphaltum	See Pissasphalt.
Pisay	See Pise.
Piscary	The right or privilege of fishing in another man's waters.
Piscation	Fishing; fishery.
Piscator	A fisherman; an angler.
Piscatorial	Alt. of Piscatory
Piscatory	Of or pertaining to fishes or fishing.
Pisces	The twelfth sign of the zodiac, marked / in almanacs.
Pisces	A zodiacal constellation, including the first point of Aries, which is the vernal equinoctial point; the Fish.
Pisces	The class of Vertebrata that includes the fishes. The principal divisions are Elasmobranchii, Ganoidei, and Teleostei.
Piscicapture	Capture of fishes, as by angling.
Piscicultural	Relating to pisciculture.
Pisciculture	Fish culture. See under Fish.
Pisciculturist	One who breeds fish.
Pisciform	Having the form of a fish; resembling a fish.
Piscina	A niche near the altar in a church, containing a small basin for rinsing altar vessels.
Piscinal	Belonging to a fishpond or a piscina.
Piscine	Of or pertaining to a fish or fishes; as, piscine remains.
Piscivorous	Feeding or subsisting on fish.
Pise	A species of wall made of stiff earth or clay rammed in between molds which are carried up as the wall rises; -- called also pise work.
Pish	An exclamation of contempt.
Pish	To express contempt.
Pishu	The Canada lynx.
Pisiform	Resembling a pea or peas in size and shape; as, a pisiform iron ore.
Pisiform	A small bone on the ulnar side of the carpus in man and many mammals. See Illust. of Artiodactyla.
Pismire	An ant, or emmet.
Pisolite	A variety of calcite, or calcium carbonate, consisting of aggregated globular concretions about the size of a pea; -- called also peastone, peagrit.
Pisolitic	Composed of, containing, or resembling, pisolite.
Pisophalt	Pissasphalt.
Piss	To discharge urine, to urinate.
Piss	Urine.
Pissabed	A name locally applied to various wild plants, as dandelion, bluet, oxeye daisy, etc.
Pissasphalt	Earth pitch; a soft, black bitumen of the consistence of tar, and of a strong smell. It is inflammable, and intermediate between petroleum and asphalt.
Pist	See Piste.
Pistachio	The nut of the Pistacia vera, a tree of the order Anacardiaceae, containing a kernel of a pale greenish color, which has a pleasant taste, resembling that of the almond, and yields an oil of agreeable taste and odor; -- called also pistachio nut. It is wholesome and nutritive. The tree grows in Arabia, Persia, Syria, and Sicily.
Pistacia	The name of a genus of trees, including the tree which bears the pistachio, the Mediterranean mastic tree (Pistacia Lentiscus), and the species (P. Terebinthus) which yields Chian or Cyprus turpentine.
Pistacite	Epidote.
Pistareen	An old Spanish silver coin of the value of about twenty cents.
Pistazite	Same as Pistacite.
Piste	The track or tread a horseman makes upon the ground he goes over.
Pistel	Alt. of Pistil
Pistil	An epistle.
Pistic	Pure; genuine.
Pistil	The seed-bearing organ of a flower. It consists of an ovary, containing the ovules or rudimentary seeds, and a stigma, which is commonly raised on an elongated portion called a style. When composed of one carpel a pistil is simple; when composed of several, it is compound. See Illust. of Flower, and Ovary.
Pistillaceous	Growing on, or having nature of, the pistil; of or pertaining to a pistil.
Pistillate	Having a pistil or pistils; -- usually said of flowers having pistils but no stamens.
Pistillation	The act of pounding or breaking in a mortar; pestillation.
Pistillida	of Pistillidium
Pistillidium	Same as Archegonium.
Pistilliferous	Pistillate.
Pistillody	The metamorphosis of other organs into pistils.
Pistol	The smallest firearm used, intended to be fired from one hand, -- now of many patterns, and bearing a great variety of names. See Illust. of Revolver.
Pistoled	of Pistol
Pistoling	of Pistol
Pistol	To shoot with a pistol.
Pistolade	A pistol shot.
Pistole	The name of certain gold coins of various values formerly coined in some countries of Europe. In Spain it was equivalent to a quarter doubloon, or about $3.90, and in Germany and Italy nearly the same. There was an old Italian pistole worth about $5.40.
Pistoleer	One who uses a pistol.
Pistolet	A small pistol.
Piston	A sliding piece which either is moved by, or moves against, fluid pressure. It usually consists of a short cylinder fitting within a cylindrical vessel along which it moves, back and forth. It is used in steam engines to receive motion from the steam, and in pumps to transmit motion to a fluid; also for other purposes.
Pit	A large cavity or hole in the ground, either natural or artificial; a cavity in the surface of a body; an indentation
Pit	The shaft of a coal mine; a coal pit.
Pit	A large hole in the ground from which material is dug or quarried; as, a stone pit; a gravel pit; or in which material is made by burning; as, a lime pit; a charcoal pit.
Pit	A vat sunk in the ground; as, a tan pit.
Pit	Any abyss; especially, the grave, or hades.
Pit	A covered deep hole for entrapping wild beasts; a pitfall; hence, a trap; a snare. Also used figuratively.
Pit	A depression or hollow in the surface of the human body
Pit	The hollow place under the shoulder or arm; the axilla, or armpit.
Pit	See Pit of the stomach (below).
Pit	The indentation or mark left by a pustule, as in smallpox.
Pit	Formerly, that part of a theater, on the floor of the house, below the level of the stage and behind the orchestra; now, in England, commonly the part behind the stalls; in the United States, the parquet; also, the occupants of such a part of a theater.
Pit	An inclosed area into which gamecocks, dogs, and other animals are brought to fight, or where dogs are trained to kill rats.
Pit	The endocarp of a drupe, and its contained seed or seeds; a stone; as, a peach pit; a cherry pit, etc.
Pit	A depression or thin spot in the wall of a duct.
Pitted	of Pit
Pitting	of Pit
Pit	To place or put into a pit or hole.
Pit	To mark with little hollows, as by various pustules; as, a face pitted by smallpox.
Pit	To introduce as an antagonist; to set forward for or in a contest; as, to pit one dog against another.
Pita	A fiber obtained from the Agave Americana and other related species, -- used for making cordage and paper. Called also pita fiber, and pita thread.
Pita	The plant which yields the fiber.
Pitahaya	A cactaceous shrub (Cereus Pitajaya) of tropical America, which yields a delicious fruit.
Pitapat	In a flutter; with palpitation or quick succession of beats.
Pitapat	A light, repeated sound; a pattering, as of the rain.
Pitch	A thick, black, lustrous, and sticky substance obtained by boiling down tar. It is used in calking the seams of ships; also in coating rope, canvas, wood, ironwork, etc., to preserve them.
Pitch	See Pitchstone.
Pitched	of Pitch
Pitching	of Pitch
Pitch	To cover over or smear with pitch.
Pitch	Fig.: To darken; to blacken; to obscure.
Pitch	To throw, generally with a definite aim or purpose; to cast; to hurl; to toss; as, to pitch quoits; to pitch hay; to pitch a ball.
Pitch	To thrust or plant in the ground, as stakes or poles; hence, to fix firmly, as by means of poles; to establish; to arrange; as, to pitch a tent; to pitch a camp.
Pitch	To set, face, or pave with rubble or undressed stones, as an embankment or a roadway.
Pitch	To fix or set the tone of; as, to pitch a tune.
Pitch	To set or fix, as a price or value.
Pitch	To fix or place a tent or temporary habitation; to encamp.
Pitch	To light; to settle; to come to rest from flight.
Pitch	To fix one's choise; -- with on or upon.
Pitch	To plunge or fall; esp., to fall forward; to decline or slope; as, to pitch from a precipice; the vessel pitches in a heavy sea; the field pitches toward the east.
Pitch	A throw; a toss; a cast, as of something from the hand; as, a good pitch in quoits.
Pitch	That point of the ground on which the ball pitches or lights when bowled.
Pitch	A point or peak; the extreme point or degree of elevation or depression; hence, a limit or bound.
Pitch	Height; stature.
Pitch	A descent; a fall; a thrusting down.
Pitch	The point where a declivity begins; hence, the declivity itself; a descending slope; the degree or rate of descent or slope; slant; as, a steep pitch in the road; the pitch of a roof.
Pitch	The relative acuteness or gravity of a tone, determined by the number of vibrations which produce it; the place of any tone upon a scale of high and low.
Pitch	The limit of ground set to a miner who receives a share of the ore taken out.
Pitch	The distance from center to center of any two adjacent teeth of gearing, measured on the pitch line; -- called also circular pitch.
Pitch	The length, measured along the axis, of a complete turn of the thread of a screw, or of the helical lines of the blades of a screw propeller.
Pitch	The distance between the centers of holes, as of rivet holes in boiler plates.
Pitch-black	Black as pitch or tar.
Pitchblende	A pitch-black mineral consisting chiefly of the oxide of uranium; uraninite. See Uraninite.
Pitch-dark	Dark as a pitch; pitch-black.
Pitcher	One who pitches anything, as hay, quoits, a ball, etc.; specifically (Baseball), the player who delivers the ball to the batsman.
Pitcher	A sort of crowbar for digging.
Pitcher	A wide-mouthed, deep vessel for holding liquids, with a spout or protruding lip and a handle; a water jug or jar with a large ear or handle.
Pitcher	A tubular or cuplike appendage or expansion of the leaves of certain plants.
Pitcherfuls	of Pitcherful
Pitcherful	The quantity a pitcher will hold.
Pitch-faced	Having the arris defined by a line beyond which the rock is cut away, so as to give nearly true edges; -- said of squared stones that are otherwise quarry-faced.
Pitchfork	A fork, or farming utensil, used in pitching hay, sheaves of grain, or the like.
Pitchfork	To pitch or throw with, or as with, a pitchfork.
Pitchiness	Blackness, as of pitch; darkness.
Pitching	The act of throwing or casting; a cast; a pitch; as, wild pitching in baseball.
Pitching	The rough paving of a street to a grade with blocks of stone.
Pitching	A facing of stone laid upon a bank to prevent wear by tides or currents.
Pitch-ore	Pitchblende.
Pitchstone	An igneous rock of semiglassy nature, having a luster like pitch.
Pitchwork	The work of a coal miner who is paid by a share of his product.
Pitchy	Partaking of the qualities of pitch; resembling pitch.
Pitchy	Smeared with pitch.
Pitchy	Black; pitch-dark; dismal.
Piteous	Pious; devout.
Piteous	Evincing pity, compassion, or sympathy; compassionate; tender.
Piteous	Fitted to excite pity or sympathy; wretched; miserable; lamentable; sad; as, a piteous case.
Piteous	Paltry; mean; pitiful.
Pitfall	A pit deceitfully covered to entrap wild beasts or men; a trap of any kind.
Pitfalling	Entrapping; insnaring.
Pith	The soft spongy substance in the center of the stems of many plants and trees, especially those of the dicotyledonous or exogenous classes. It consists of cellular tissue.
Pith	The spongy interior substance of a feather.
Pith	The spinal cord; the marrow.
Pith	Hence: The which contains the strength of life; the vital or essential part; concentrated force; vigor; strength; importance; as, the speech lacked pith.
Pith	To destroy the central nervous system of (an animal, as a frog), as by passing a stout wire or needle up and down the vertebral canal.
Pitheci	A division of mammals including the apes and monkeys. Sometimes used in the sense of Primates.
Pithecoid	Of or pertaining to the genus Pithecia, or subfamily Pithecinae, which includes the saki, ouakari, and other allied South American monkeys.
Pithecoid	Of or pertaining to the anthropoid apes in particular, or to the higher apes of the Old World, collectively.
Pithful	Full of pith.
Pithily	In a pithy manner.
Pithiness	The quality or state of being pithy.
Pithless	Destitute of pith, or of strength; feeble.
Pit-hole	A pit; a pockmark.
Pithsome	Pithy; robust.
Pithy	Consisting wholly, or in part, of pith; abounding in pith; as, a pithy stem; a pithy fruit.
Pithy	Having nervous energy; forceful; cogent.
Pitiable	Deserving pity; wworthy of, or exciting, compassion; miserable; lamentable; piteous; as, pitiable persons; a pitiable condition; pitiable wretchedness.
Pitier	One who pities.
Pitiful	Full of pity; tender-hearted; compassionate; kind; merciful; sympathetic.
Pitiful	Piteous; lamentable; eliciting compassion.
Pitiful	To be pitied for littleness or meanness; miserable; paltry; contemptible; despicable.
Pitiless	Destitute of pity; hard-hearted; merciless; as, a pitilessmaster; pitiless elements.
Pitiless	Exciting no pity; as, a pitiless condition.
Pitmen	of Pitman
Pitman	One who works in a pit, as in mining, in sawing timber, etc.
Pitman	The connecting rod in a sawmill; also, sometimes, a connecting rod in other machinery.
Pitot's tube	A bent tube used to determine the velocity of running water, by placing the curved end under water, and observing the height to which the fluid rises in the tube; a kind of current meter.
Pitpan	A long, flat-bottomed canoe, used for the navigation of rivers and lagoons in Central America.
Pitpat	See Pitapat.
Pitta	Any one of a large group of bright-colored clamatorial birds belonging to Pitta, and allied genera of the family Pittidae. Most of the species are varied with three or more colors, such as blue, green, crimson, yellow, purple, and black. They are called also ground thrushes, and Old World ant thrushes; but they are not related to the true thrushes.
Pittacal	A dark blue substance obtained from wood tar. It consists of hydrocarbons which when oxidized form the orange-yellow eupittonic compounds, the salts of which are dark blue.
Pittance	An allowance of food bestowed in charity; a mess of victuals; hence, a small charity gift; a dole.
Pittance	A meager portion, quantity, or allowance; an inconsiderable salary or compensation.
Pitted	Marked with little pits, as in smallpox. See Pit, v. t., 2.
Pitted	Having minute thin spots; as, pitted ducts in the vascular parts of vegetable tissue.
Pitter	A contrivance for removing the pits from peaches, plums, and other stone fruit.
Pitter	To make a pattering sound; to murmur; as, pittering streams.
Pittle-pattle	To talk unmeaningly; to chatter or prattle.
Pituitary	Secreting mucus or phlegm; as, the pituitary membrane, or the mucous membrane which lines the nasal cavities.
Pituitary	Of or pertaining to the pituitary body; as, the pituitary fossa.
Pituite	Mucus, phlegm.
Pituitous	Consisting of, or resembling, pituite or mucus; full of mucus; discharging mucus.
Pities	of Pity
Pity	Piety.
Pity	A feeling for the sufferings or distresses of another or others; sympathy with the grief or misery of another; compassion; fellow-feeling; commiseration.
Pity	A reason or cause of pity, grief, or regret; a thing to be regretted.
Pitied	of Pity
Pitying	of Pity
Pity	To feel pity or compassion for; to have sympathy with; to compassionate; to commiserate; to have tender feelings toward (any one), awakened by a knowledge of suffering.
Pity	To move to pity; -- used impersonally.
Pity	To be compassionate; to show pity.
Pitying	Expressing pity; as, a pitying eye, glance, or word.
Pityriasis	A superficial affection of the skin, characterized by irregular patches of thin scales which are shed in branlike particles.
Pityroid	Having the form of, or resembling, bran.
Piu	A little more; as, piu allegro, a little more briskly.
Pivot	A fixed pin or short axis, on the end of which a wheel or other body turns.
Pivot	The end of a shaft or arbor which rests and turns in a support; as, the pivot of an arbor in a watch.
Pivot	Hence, figuratively: A turning point or condition; that on which important results depend; as, the pivot of an enterprise.
Pivot	The officer or soldier who simply turns in his place whike the company or line moves around him in wheeling; -- called also pivot man.
Pivoted	of Pivot
Pivoting	of Pivot
Pivot	To place on a pivot.
Pivotal	Of or pertaining to a pivot or turning point; belonging to, or constituting, a pivot; of the nature of a pivot; as, the pivotalopportunity of a career; the pivotal position in a battle.
Pix	See Pyx.
Pixies	of Pixie
Pixy	Alt. of Pixie
Pixie	An old English name for a fairy; an elf.
Pixie	A low creeping evergreen plant (Pyxidanthera barbulata), with mosslike leaves and little white blossoms, found in New Jersey and southward, where it flowers in earliest spring.
Pixy-led	Led by pixies; bewildered.
Pizzicato	A direction to violinists to pluck the string with the finger, instead of using the bow. (Abrev. pizz.)
Pizzle	The penis; -- so called in some animals, as the bull.
Placability	The quality or state of being placable or appeasable; placable disposition.
Placable	Capable of being appeased or pacified; ready or willing to be pacified; willing to forgive or condone.
Placableness	The quality of being placable.
Placard	A public proclamation; a manifesto or edict issued by authority.
Placard	Permission given by authority; a license; as, to give a placard to do something.
Placard	A written or printed paper, as an advertisement or a declaration, posted, or to be posted, in a public place; a poster.
Placard	An extra plate on the lower part of the breastplate or backplate.
Placard	A kind of stomacher, often adorned with jewels, worn in the fifteenth century and later.
Placarded	of Placard
Placarding	of Placard
Placard	To post placards upon or within; as, to placard a wall, to placard the city.
Placard	To announce by placards; as, to placard a sale.
Placate	Same as Placard, 4 & 5.
Placated	of Placate
Placating	of Placate
Placate	To appease; to pacify; to concilate.
Placation	The act of placating.
Place	Any portion of space regarded as measured off or distinct from all other space, or appropriated to some definite object or use; position; ground; site; spot; rarely, unbounded space.
Place	A broad way in a city; an open space; an area; a court or short part of a street open only at one end.
Place	A position which is occupied and held; a dwelling; a mansion; a village, town, or city; a fortified town or post; a stronghold; a region or country.
Place	Rank; degree; grade; order of priority, advancement, dignity, or importance; especially, social rank or position; condition; also, official station; occupation; calling.
Place	Vacated or relinquished space; room; stead (the departure or removal of another being or thing being implied).
Place	A definite position or passage of a document.
Place	Ordinal relation; position in the order of proceeding; as, he said in the first place.
Place	Reception; effect; -- implying the making room for.
Place	Position in the heavens, as of a heavenly body; -- usually defined by its right ascension and declination, or by its latitude and longitude.
Placed	of Place
Placing	of Place
Place	To assign a place to; to put in a particular spot or place, or in a certain relative position; to direct to a particular place; to fix; to settle; to locate; as, to place a book on a shelf; to place balls in tennis.
Place	To put or set in a particular rank, office, or position; to surround with particular circumstances or relations in life; to appoint to certain station or condition of life; as, in whatever sphere one is placed.
Place	To put out at interest; to invest; to loan; as, to place money in a bank.
Place	To set; to fix; to repose; as, to place confidence in a friend.
Place	To attribute; to ascribe; to set down.
Placebo	The first antiphon of the vespers for the dead.
Placebo	A prescription intended to humor or satisfy.
Placeful	In the appointed place.
Placeless	Having no place or office.
Placemen	of Placeman
Placeman	One who holds or occupies a place; one who has office under government.
Placement	The act of placing, or the state of being placed.
Placement	Position; place.
Placentae	of Placenta
Placentas	of Placenta
Placenta	The vascular appendage which connects the fetus with the parent, and is cast off in parturition with the afterbirth.
Placenta	The part of a pistil or fruit to which the ovules or seeds are attached.
Placental	Of or pertaining to the placenta; having, or characterized by having, a placenta; as, a placental mammal.
Placental	Of or pertaining to the Placentalia.
Placental	One of the Placentalia.
Placentalia	A division of Mammalia including those that have a placenta, or all the orders above the marsupials.
Placentary	Having reference to the placenta; as, the placentary system of classification.
Placentation	The mode of formation of the placenta in different animals; as, the placentation of mammals.
Placentation	The mode in which the placenta is arranged or composed; as, axile placentation; parietal placentation.
Placentiferous	Having or producing a placenta.
Placentiform	Having the shape of a placenta, or circular thickened disk somewhat thinner about the middle.
Placentious	Pleasing; amiable.
Place-proud	Proud of rank or office.
Placer	One who places or sets.
Placer	A deposit of earth, sand, or gravel, containing valuable mineral in particles, especially by the side of a river, or in the bed of a mountain torrent.
Placet	A vote of assent, as of the governing body of a university, of an ecclesiastical council, etc.
Placet	The assent of the civil power to the promulgation of an ecclesiastical ordinance.
Placid	Pleased; contented; unruffied; undisturbed; serene; peaceful; tranquil; quiet; gentle.
Placidity	The quality or state of being placid; calmness; serenity.
Placidly	In a placid manner.
Placidness	The quality or state of being placid.
Placit	A decree or determination; a dictum.
Placitory	Of or pertaining to pleas or pleading, in courts of law.
Placita	of Placitum
Placitum	A public court or assembly in the Middle Ages, over which the sovereign president when a consultation was held upon affairs of state.
Placitum	A court, or cause in court.
Placitum	A plea; a pleading; a judicial proceeding; a suit.
Plack	A small copper coin formerly current in Scotland, worth less than a cent.
Placket	A petticoat, esp. an under petticoat; hence, a cant term for a woman.
Placket	The opening or slit left in a petticoat or skirt for convenience in putting it on; -- called also placket hole.
Placket	A woman's pocket.
Placoderm	One of the Placodermi.
Placodermal	Of or pertaining to the placoderms; like the placoderms.
Placodermata	Same as Placodermi.
Placodermi	An extinct group of fishes, supposed to be ganoids. The body and head were covered with large bony plates. See Illust. under Pterichthys, and Coccosteus.
Placoganoid	Pertaining to the Placoganoidei.
Placoganoidei	A division of ganoid fishes including those that have large external bony plates and a cartilaginous skeleton.
Placoid	Platelike; having irregular, platelike, bony scales, often bearing spines; pertaining to the placoids.
Placoid	Any fish having placoid scales, as the sharks.
Placoid	One of the Placoides.
Placoides	A group of fishes including the sharks and rays; the Elasmobranchii; -- called also Placoidei.
Placoidian	One of the placoids.
Placophora	A division of gastropod Mollusca, including the chitons. The back is covered by eight shelly plates. Called also Polyplacophora. See Illust. under Chiton, and Isopleura.
Plagae	of Plaga
Plaga	A stripe of color.
Plagal	Having a scale running from the dominant to its octave; -- said of certain old church modes or tunes, as opposed to those called authentic, which ran from the tonic to its octave.
Plagate	Having plagae, or irregular enlongated color spots.
Plage	A region; country.
Plagiarism	The act or practice of plagiarizing.
Plagiarism	That which plagiarized.
Plagiarist	One who plagiarizes; or purloins the words, writings, or ideas of another, and passes them off as his own; a literary thief; a plagiary.
Plagiarized	of Plagiarize
Plagiarizing	of Plagiarize
Plagiarize	To steal or purloin from the writings of another; to appropriate without due acknowledgement (the ideas or expressions of another).
Plagiary	To commit plagiarism.
Plagiaries	of Plagiary
Plagiary	A manstealer; a kidnaper.
Plagiary	One who purloins another's expressions or ideas, and offers them as his own; a plagiarist.
Plagiary	Plagiarism; literary thief.
Plagiary	Kidnaping.
Plagiary	Practicing plagiarism.
Plagihedral	Having an oblique spiral arrangement of planes, as levogyrate and dextrogyrate crystals.
Plagiocephalic	Having an oblique lateral deformity of the skull.
Plagiocephaly	Oblique lateral deformity of the skull.
Plagioclase	A general term used of any triclinic feldspar. See the Note under Feldspar.
Plagionite	A sulphide of lead and antimony, of a blackish lead-gray color and metallic luster.
Plagiostomatous	Same as Plagiostomous.
Plagiostome	One of the Plagiostomi.
Plagiostomi	An order of fishes including the sharks and rays; -- called also Plagiostomata.
Plagiostomous	Of or pertaining to the Plagiostomi.
Plagiotremata	Same as Lepidosauria.
Plagiotropic	Having the longer axis inclined away from the vertical line.
Plagium	Manstealing; kidnaping.
Plagose	Fond of flogging; as, a plagose master.
Plague	That which smites, wounds, or troubles; a blow; a calamity; any afflictive evil or torment; a great trail or vexation.
Plague	An acute malignant contagious fever, that often prevails in Egypt, Syria, and Turkey, and has at times visited the large cities of Europe with frightful mortality; hence, any pestilence; as, the great London plague.
Plagued	of Plague
Plaguing	of Plague
Plague	To infest or afflict with disease, calamity, or natural evil of any kind.
Plague	Fig.: To vex; to tease; to harass.
Plagueful	Abounding, or infecting, with plagues; pestilential; as, plagueful exhalations.
Plagueless	Free from plagues or the plague.
Plaguer	One who plagues or annoys.
Plaguily	In a plaguing manner; vexatiously; extremely.
Plaguy	Vexatious; troublesome; tormenting; as, a plaguy horse. [Colloq.] Also used adverbially; as, "He is so plaguy proud."
Plaice	A European food fish (Pleuronectes platessa), allied to the flounder, and growing to the weight of eight or ten pounds or more.
Plaice	A large American flounder (Paralichthys dentatus; called also brail, puckermouth, and summer flounder. The name is sometimes applied to other allied species.
Plaid	A rectangular garment or piece of cloth, usually made of the checkered material called tartan, but sometimes of plain gray, or gray with black stripes. It is worn by both sexes in Scotland.
Plaid	Goods of any quality or material of the pattern of a plaid or tartan; a checkered cloth or pattern.
Plaid	Having a pattern or colors which resemble a Scotch plaid; checkered or marked with bars or stripes at right angles to one another; as, plaid muslin.
Plaided	Of the material of which plaids are made; tartan.
Plaided	Wearing a plaid.
Plaiding	Plaid cloth.
Plain	To lament; to bewail; to complain.
Plain	To lament; to mourn over; as, to plain a loss.
Plain	Without elevations or depressions; flat; level; smooth; even. See Plane.
Plain	Open; clear; unencumbered; equal; fair.
Plain	Not intricate or difficult; evident; manifest; obvious; clear; unmistakable.
Plain	Void of extraneous beauty or ornament; without conspicious embellishment; not rich; simple.
Plain	Not highly cultivated; unsophisticated; free from show or pretension; simple; natural; homely; common.
Plain	Free from affectation or disguise; candid; sincere; artless; honest; frank.
Plain	Not luxurious; not highly seasoned; simple; as, plain food.
Plain	Without beauty; not handsome; homely; as, a plain woman.
Plain	Not variegated, dyed, or figured; as, plain muslin.
Plain	Not much varied by modulations; as, a plain tune.
Plain	In a plain manner; plainly.
Plain	Level land; usually, an open field or a broad stretch of land with an even surface, or a surface little varied by inequalities; as, the plain of Jordan; the American plains, or prairies.
Plain	A field of battle.
Plained	of Plain
Plaining	of Plain
Plain	To plane or level; to make plain or even on the surface.
Plain	To make plain or manifest; to explain.
Plainant	One who makes complaint; the plaintiff.
Plain-dealing	Practicing plain dealing; artless. See Plain dealing, under Dealing.
Plain-hearted	Frank; sincere; artless.
Plaining	Complaint.
Plaining	Complaining.
Plain-laid	Consisting of strands twisted together in the ordinary way; as, a plain-laid rope. See Illust. of Cordage.
Plainly	In a plain manner; clearly.
Plainness	The quality or state of being plain.
-men	of Plainsman
Plainsman	One who lives in the plains.
Plain-spoken	Speaking with plain, unreserved sincerity; also, spoken sincerely; as, plain-spoken words.
Plaint	Audible expression of sorrow; lamentation; complaint; hence, a mournful song; a lament.
Plaint	An accusation or protest on account of an injury.
Plaint	A private memorial tendered to a court, in which a person sets forth his cause of action; the exhibiting of an action in writing.
Plaintful	Containing a plaint; complaining; expressing sorrow with an audible voice.
Plaintiff	One who commences a personal action or suit to obtain a remedy for an injury to his rights; -- opposed to defendant.
Plaintiff	See Plaintive.
Plaintive	Repining; complaining; lamenting.
Plaintive	Expressive of sorrow or melancholy; mournful; sad.
Plaintless	Without complaint; unrepining.
Plaisance	See Pleasance.
Plaise	See Plaice.
Plaister	See Plaster.
Plait	A flat fold; a doubling, as of cloth; a pleat; as, a box plait.
Plait	A braid, as of hair or straw; a plat.
Plaited	of Plait
Plaiting	of Plait
Plait	To fold; to double in narrow folds; to pleat; as, to plait a ruffle.
Plait	To interweave the strands or locks of; to braid; to plat; as, to plait hair; to plait rope.
Plaited	Folded; doubled over; braided; figuratively, involved; intricate; artful.
Plaiter	One who, or that which, plaits.
Plan	A draught or form; properly, a representation drawn on a plane, as a map or a chart; especially, a top view, as of a machine, or the representation or delineation of a horizontal section of anything, as of a building; a graphic representation; a diagram.
Plan	A scheme devised; a method of action or procedure expressed or described in language; a project; as, the plan of a constitution; the plan of an expedition.
Plan	A method; a way of procedure; a custom.
Planned	of Plan
Planning	of Plan
Plan	To form a delineation of; to draught; to represent, as by a diagram.
Plan	To scheme; to devise; to contrive; to form in design; as, to plan the conquest of a country.
Planariae	of Planaria
-rias	of Planaria
Planaria	Any species of turbellarian worms belonging to Planaria, and many allied genera. The body is usually flat, thin, and smooth. Some species, in warm countries, are terrestrial.
Planarian	One of the Planarida, or Dendrocoela; any turbellarian worm.
Planarida	A division of Turbellaria; the Dendrocoela.
Planarioid	Like the planarians.
Planary	Of or pertaining to a plane.
Planch	A plank.
Planched	of Planch
Planching	of Planch
Planch	To make or cover with planks or boards; to plank.
Plancher	A floor of wood; also, a plank.
Plancher	The under side of a cornice; a soffit.
Plancher	To form of planks.
Planchet	A flat piece of metal; especially, a disk of metal ready to be stamped as a coin.
Planchette	A circumferentor. See Circumferentor.
Planchette	A small tablet of wood supported on casters and having a pencil attached. The characters produced by the pencil on paper, while the hand rests on the instrument and it is allowed to move, are sometimes translated as of oracular or supernatural import.
Planching	The laying of floors in a building; also, a floor of boards or planks.
Plane	Any tree of the genus Platanus.
Plane	Without elevations or depressions; even; level; flat; lying in, or constituting, a plane; as, a plane surface.
Plane	A surface, real or imaginary, in which, if any two points are taken, the straight line which joins them lies wholly in that surface; or a surface, any section of which by a like surface is a straight line; a surface without curvature.
Plane	An ideal surface, conceived as coinciding with, or containing, some designated astronomical line, circle, or other curve; as, the plane of an orbit; the plane of the ecliptic, or of the equator.
Plane	A block or plate having a perfectly flat surface, used as a standard of flatness; a surface plate.
Plane	A tool for smoothing boards or other surfaces of wood, for forming moldings, etc. It consists of a smooth-soled stock, usually of wood, from the under side or face of which projects slightly the steel cutting edge of a chisel, called the iron, which inclines backward, with an apperture in front for the escape of shavings; as, the jack plane; the smoothing plane; the molding plane, etc.
Planed	of Plane
Planing	of Plane
Plane	To make smooth; to level; to pare off the inequalities of the surface of, as of a board or other piece of wood, by the use of a plane; as, to plane a plank.
Plane	To efface or remove.
Plane	Figuratively, to make plain or smooth.
Plane-parallel	Having opposite surfaces exactly plane and parallel, as a piece of glass.
Planer	One who, or that which, planes; a planing machine; esp., a machine for planing wood or metals.
Planer	A wooden block used for forcing down the type in a form, and making the surface even.
Planer tree	A small-leaved North American tree (Planera aquatica) related to the elm, but having a wingless, nutlike fruit.
Planet	A celestial body which revolves about the sun in an orbit of a moderate degree of eccentricity. It is distinguished from a comet by the absence of a coma, and by having a less eccentric orbit. See Solar system.
Planet	A star, as influencing the fate of a men.
Plane table	See under Plane, a.
Planetarium	An orrery. See Orrery.
Planetary	Of or pertaining to the planets; as, planetary inhabitants; planetary motions; planetary year.
Planetary	Consisting of planets; as, a planetary system.
Planetary	Under the dominion or influence of a planet.
Planetary	Caused by planets.
Planetary	Having the nature of a planet; erratic; revolving; wandering.
Planeted	Belonging to planets.
Planetic	Alt. of Planetical
Planetical	Of or pertaining to planets.
Planetoid	A body resembling a planet; an asteroid.
Planetoidal	Pertaining to a planetoid.
Plane tree	Same as 1st Plane.
Planet-stricken	Alt. of Planet-struck
Planet-struck	Affected by the influence of planets; blasted.
Planetule	A little planet.
Plangency	The quality or state of being plangent; a beating sound.
Plangent	Beating; dashing, as a wave.
Plani-	Alt. of Plano-
Plano-	Combining forms signifying flat, level, plane; as planifolious, planimetry, plano-concave.
Planifolious	Flat-leaved.
Planiform	Having a plane surface; as, a planiform, gliding, or arthrodial articulation.
Planimeter	An instrument for measuring the area of any plane figure, however irregular, by passing a tracer around the bounding line; a platometer.
Planimetric	Alt. of Planimetrical
Planimetrical	Of or pertaining to planimetry.
Planimetry	The mensuration of plane surfaces; -- distinguished from stereometry, or the mensuration of volumes.
Planing	a. & vb. n. fr. Plane, v. t.
Planipennate	Of or pertaining to Planipennia.
Planipennia	A suborder of Neuroptera, including those that have broad, flat wings, as the ant-lion, lacewing, etc. Called also Planipennes.
Planipetalous	Having flat petals.
Planished	of Planish
Planishing	of Planish
Planish	To make smooth or plane, as a metallic surface; to condense, toughen, and polish by light blows with a hammer.
Planisher	One who, or that which, planishes.
Planishing	a. & vb. n. from Planish, v. t.
Planisphere	The representation of the circles of the sphere upon a plane; especially, a representation of the celestial sphere upon a plane with adjustable circles, or other appendages, for showing the position of the heavens, the time of rising and setting of stars, etc., for any given date or hour.
Planispheric	Of or pertaining to a planisphere.
Plank	A broad piece of sawed timber, differing from a board only in being thicker. See Board.
Plank	Fig.: That which supports or upholds, as a board does a swimmer.
Plank	One of the separate articles in a declaration of the principles of a party or cause; as, a plank in the national platform.
Planked	of Plank
Planking	of Plank
Plank	To cover or lay with planks; as, to plank a floor or a ship.
Plank	To lay down, as on a plank or table; to stake or pay cash; as, to plank money in a wager.
Plank	To harden, as hat bodies, by felting.
Plank	To splice together the ends of slivers of wool, for subsequent drawing.
Planking	The act of laying planks; also, planks, collectively; a series of planks in place, as the wooden covering of the frame of a vessel.
Planking	The act of splicing slivers. See Plank, v. t., 4.
Plank-sheer	The course of plank laid horizontally over the timberheads of a vessel's frame.
Planless	Having no plan.
Planner	One who plans; a projector.
Plano-	See Plani-.
Planoblast	Any free-swimming gonophore of a hydroid; a hydroid medusa.
Plano-concave	Plane or flat on one side, and concave on the other; as, a plano-concave lens. See Lens.
Plano-conical	Plane or flat on one side, and conical on the other.
Plano-convex	Plane or flat on one side, and convex on the other; as, a plano-convex lens. See Convex, and Lens.
Plano-horizontal	Having a level horizontal surface or position.
Planometer	An instrument for gauging or testing a plane surface. See Surface gauge, under Surface.
Planometry	The art or process of producing or gauging a plane surface.
Plano-orbicular	Plane or flat on one side, and spherical on the other.
Planorbis	Any fresh-water air-breathing mollusk belonging to Planorbis and other allied genera, having shells of a discoidal form.
Plano-subulate	Smooth and awl-shaped. See Subulate.
Plant	A vegetable; an organized living being, generally without feeling and voluntary motion, and having, when complete, a root, stem, and leaves, though consisting sometimes only of a single leafy expansion, or a series of cellules, or even a single cellule.
Plant	A bush, or young tree; a sapling; hence, a stick or staff.
Plant	The sole of the foot.
Plant	The whole machinery and apparatus employed in carrying on a trade or mechanical business; also, sometimes including real estate, and whatever represents investment of capital in the means of carrying on a business, but not including material worked upon or finished products; as, the plant of a foundry, a mill, or a railroad.
Plant	A plan; an artifice; a swindle; a trick.
Plant	An oyster which has been bedded, in distinction from one of natural growth.
Plant	A young oyster suitable for transplanting.
Planted	of Plant
Planting	of Plant
Plant	To put in the ground and cover, as seed for growth; as, to plant maize.
Plant	To set in the ground for growth, as a young tree, or a vegetable with roots.
Plant	To furnish, or fit out, with plants; as, to plant a garden, an orchard, or a forest.
Plant	To engender; to generate; to set the germ of.
Plant	To furnish with a fixed and organized population; to settle; to establish; as, to plant a colony.
Plant	To introduce and establish the principles or seeds of; as, to plant Christianity among the heathen.
Plant	To set firmly; to fix; to set and direct, or point; as, to plant cannon against a fort; to plant a standard in any place; to plant one's feet on solid ground; to plant one's fist in another's face.
Plant	To set up; to install; to instate.
Plant	To perform the act of planting.
Plantable	Capable of being planted; fit to be planted.
Plantage	A word used once by Shakespeare to designate plants in general, or anything that is planted.
Plantain	A treelike perennial herb (Musa paradisiaca) of tropical regions, bearing immense leaves and large clusters of the fruits called plantains. See Musa.
Plantain	The fruit of this plant. It is long and somewhat cylindrical, slightly curved, and, when ripe, soft, fleshy, and covered with a thick but tender yellowish skin. The plantain is a staple article of food in most tropical countries, especially when cooked.
Plantain	Any plant of the genus Plantago, but especially the P. major, a low herb with broad spreading radical leaves, and slender spikes of minute flowers. It is a native of Europe, but now found near the abode of civilized man in nearly all parts of the world.
Plantal	Belonging to plants; as, plantal life.
Plantar	Of or pertaining to the sole of the foot; as, the plantar arteries.
Plantation	The act or practice of planting, or setting in the earth for growth.
Plantation	The place planted; land brought under cultivation; a piece of ground planted with trees or useful plants; esp., in the United States and West Indies, a large estate appropriated to the production of the more important crops, and cultivated by laborers who live on the estate; as, a cotton plantation; a coffee plantation.
Plantation	An original settlement in a new country; a colony.
Plant-cane	A stalk or shoot of sugar cane of the first growth from the cutting. The growth of the second and following years is of inferior quality, and is called rattoon.
Plant-eating	Eating, or subsisting on, plants; as, a plant-eating beetle.
Planted	Fixed in place, as a projecting member wrought on a separate piece of stuff; as, a planted molding.
Planter	One who, or that which, plants or sows; as, a planterof corn; a machine planter.
Planter	One who owns or cultivates a plantation; as, a sugar planter; a coffee planter.
Planter	A colonist in a new or uncultivated territory; as, the first planters in Virginia.
Plantership	The occupation or position of a planter, or the management of a plantation, as in the United States or the West Indies.
Planticle	A young plant, or plant in embryo.
Plantigrada	A subdivision of Carnivora having plantigrade feet. It includes the bears, raccoons, and allied species.
Plantigrade	Walking on the sole of the foot; pertaining to the plantigrades.
Plantigrade	Having the foot so formed that the heel touches the ground when the leg is upright.
Plantigrade	A plantigrade animal, or one that walks or steps on the sole of the foot, as man, and the bears.
Planting	The act or operation of setting in the ground for propagation, as seeds, trees, shrubs, etc.; the forming of plantations, as of trees; the carrying on of plantations, as of sugar, coffee, etc.
Planting	That which is planted; a plantation.
Planting	The laying of the first courses of stone in a foundation.
Plantless	Without plants; barren of vegetation.
Plantlet	A little plant.
Plantocracy	Government by planters; planters, collectively.
Plantule	The embryo which has begun its development in the act of germination.
Planulae	of Planula
Planula	In embryonic development, a vesicle filled with fluid, formed from the morula by the divergence of its cells in such a manner as to give rise to a central space, around which the cells arrange themselves as an envelope; an embryonic form intermediate between the morula and gastrula. Sometimes used as synonymous with gastrula.
Planula	The very young, free-swimming larva of the coelenterates. It usually has a flattened oval or oblong form, and is entirely covered with cilia.
Planxty	An Irish or Welsh melody for the harp, sometimes of a mournful character.
Plaque	Any flat, thin piece of metal, clay, ivory, or the like, used for ornament, or for painting pictures upon, as a slab, plate, dish, or the like, hung upon a wall; also, a smaller decoration worn on the person, as a brooch.
Plash	A small pool of standing water; a puddle.
Plash	A dash of water; a splash.
Plashed	of Plash
Plashing	of Plash
Plash	To dabble in water; to splash.
Plash	To splash, as water.
Plash	To splash or sprinkle with coloring matter; as, to plash a wall in imitation of granite.
Plashed	of Plash
Plashing	of Plash
Plash	To cut partly, or to bend and intertwine the branches of; as, to plash a hedge.
Plash	The branch of a tree partly cut or bent, and bound to, or intertwined with, other branches.
Plashet	A small pond or pool; a puddle.
Plashing	The cutting or bending and intertwining the branches of small trees, as in hedges.
Plashing	The dashing or sprinkling of coloring matter on the walls of buildings, to imitate granite, etc.
Plashoot	A hedge or fence formed of branches of trees interlaced, or plashed.
Plashy	Watery; abounding with puddles; splashy.
Plashy	Specked, as if plashed with color.
Plasm	A mold or matrix in which anything is cast or formed to a particular shape.
Plasm	Same as Plasma.
Plasma	A variety of quartz, of a color between grass green and leek green, which is found associated with common chalcedony. It was much esteemed by the ancients for making engraved ornaments.
Plasma	The viscous material of an animal or vegetable cell, out of which the various tissues are formed by a process of differentiation; protoplasm.
Plasma	Unorganized material; elementary matter.
Plasma	A mixture of starch and glycerin, used as a substitute for ointments.
Plasmatic	Alt. of Plasmatical
Plasmatical	Forming; shaping; molding.
Plasmatical	Of or pertaining to plasma; having the character of plasma; containing, or conveying, plasma.
Plasmation	The act of forming or molding.
Plasmator	A former; a fashioner.
Plasmature	Form; mold.
Plasmic	Of, pertaining to, or connected with, plasma; plasmatic.
Plasmid	A piece of DNA, usually circular, functioning as part of the genetic material of a cell, not integrated with the chromosome and replicating independently of the chromosome, but transferred, like the chromosome, to subsequent generations.  In bacteria, plasmids often carry the genes for antibiotic resistance; they are exploited in genetic engineering as the vehicles for introduction of extraneous DNA into cells, to alter the genetic makeup of the cell.  The cells thus altered may produce desirable proteins which are extracted and used; in the case of genetically altered plant cells, the altered cells may grow into complete plants with changed properties, as for example, increased resistance to disease.
Plasmin	A proteid body, separated by some physiologists from blood plasma. It is probably identical with fibrinogen.
Plasmodial	Of or pertaining to, or like, a plasmodium; as, the plasmodial form of a life cycle.
Plasmodia	of Plasmodium
Plasmodium	A jellylike mass of free protoplasm, without any union of amoeboid cells, and endowed with life and power of motion.
Plasmodium	A naked mobile mass of protoplasm, formed by the union of several amoebalike young, and constituting one of the stages in the life cycle of Mycetozoa and other low organisms.
Plasmogen	The important living portion of protoplasm, considered a chemical substance of the highest elaboration.  Germ plasm and idioplasm are forms of plasmogen.
Plasson	The albuminous material composing the body of a cytode.
Plaster	An external application of a consistency harder than ointment, prepared for use by spreading it on linen, leather, silk, or other material. It is adhesive at the ordinary temperature of the body, and is used, according to its composition, to produce a medicinal effect, to bind parts together, etc.; as, a porous plaster; sticking plaster.
Plaster	A composition of lime, water, and sand, with or without hair as a bond, for coating walls, ceilings, and partitions of houses. See Mortar.
Plaster	Calcined gypsum, or plaster of Paris, especially when ground, as used for making ornaments, figures, moldings, etc.; or calcined gypsum used as a fertilizer.
Plastered	of Plaster
Plastering	of Plaster
Plaster	To cover with a plaster, as a wound or sore.
Plaster	To overlay or cover with plaster, as the ceilings and walls of a house.
Plaster	Fig.: To smooth over; to cover or conceal the defects of; to hide, as with a covering of plaster.
Plasterer	One who applies plaster or mortar.
Plasterer	One who makes plaster casts.
Plastering	Same as Plaster, n., 2.
Plastering	The act or process of overlaying with plaster.
Plastering	A covering of plaster; plasterwork.
Plasterly	Resembling plaster of Paris.
Plasterwork	Plastering used to finish architectural constructions, exterior or interior, especially that used for the lining of rooms. Ordinarly, mortar is used for the greater part of the work, and pure plaster of Paris for the moldings and ornaments.
Plastery	Of the nature of plaster.
-plastic	A combining form signifying developing, forming, growing; as, heteroplastic, monoplastic, polyplastic.
Plastic	Having the power to give form or fashion to a mass of matter; as, the plastic hand of the Creator.
Plastic	Capable of being molded, formed, or modeled, as clay or plaster; -- used also figuratively; as, the plastic mind of a child.
Plastic	Pertaining or appropriate to, or characteristic of, molding or modeling; produced by, or appearing as if produced by, molding or modeling; -- said of sculpture and the kindred arts, in distinction from painting and the graphic arts.
plastic	a substance composed predominantly of a synthetic organic high polymer capable of being cast or molded; many varieties of plastic are used to produce articles of commerce (after 1900). [MW10 gives origin of word as 1905]
Plastical	See Plastic.
Plastically	In a plastic manner.
Plasticity	The quality or state of being plastic.
Plasticity	Plastic force.
Plastid	Alt. of Plastide
Plastide	A formative particle of albuminous matter; a monad; a cytode. See the Note under Morphon.
Plastide	One of the many minute granules found in the protoplasm of vegetable cells. They are divided by their colors into three classes, chloroplastids, chromoplastids, and leucoplastids.
Plastidozoa	Same as Protoza.
Plastidule	One of the small particles or organic molecules of protoplasm.
Plastin	A substance associated with nuclein in cell nuclei, and by some considered as the fundamental substance of the nucleus.
Plastography	The art of forming figures in any plastic material.
Plastography	Imitation of handwriting; forgery.
Plastron	A piece of leather stuffed or padded, worn by fencers to protect the breast.
Plastron	An iron breastplate, worn under the hauberk.
Plastron	The ventral shield or shell of tortoises and turtles. See Testudinata.
Plastron	A trimming for the front of a woman's dress, made of a different material, and narrowing from the shoulders to the waist.
-plasty	A combining form denoting the act or process of forming, development, growth; as, autoplasty, perineoplasty.
Platted	of Plat
Platting	of Plat
Plat	To form by interlaying interweaving; to braid; to plait.
Plat	Work done by platting or braiding; a plait.
Plat	A small piece or plot of ground laid out with some design, or for a special use; usually, a portion of flat, even ground.
Plat	To lay out in plats or plots, as ground.
Plat	Plain; flat; level.
Plat	Plainly; flatly; downright.
Plat	Flatly; smoothly; evenly.
Plat	The flat or broad side of a sword.
Plat	A plot; a plan; a design; a diagram; a map; a chart.
Platan	The plane tree.
Platanist	The soosoo.
Platanus	A genus of trees; the plane tree.
Platband	A border of flowers in a garden, along a wall or a parterre; hence, a border.
Platband	A flat molding, or group of moldings, the width of which much exceeds its projection, as the face of an architrave.
Platband	A list or fillet between the flutings of a column.
Plate	A flat, or nearly flat, piece of metal, the thickness of which is small in comparison with the other dimensions; a thick sheet of metal; as, a steel plate.
Plate	Metallic armor composed of broad pieces.
Plate	Domestic vessels and utensils, as flagons, dishes, cups, etc., wrought in gold or silver.
Plate	Metallic ware which is plated, in distinction from that which is genuine silver or gold.
Plate	A small, shallow, and usually circular, vessel of metal or wood, or of earth glazed and baked, from which food is eaten at table.
Plate	A piece of money, usually silver money.
Plate	A piece of metal on which anything is engraved for the purpose of being printed; hence, an impression from the engraved metal; as, a book illustrated with plates; a fashion plate.
Plate	A page of stereotype, electrotype, or the like, for printing from; as, publisher's plates.
Plate	That part of an artificial set of teeth which fits to the mouth, and holds the teeth in place. It may be of gold, platinum, silver, rubber, celluloid, etc.
Plate	A horizontal timber laid upon a wall, or upon corbels projecting from a wall, and supporting the ends of other timbers; also used specifically of the roof plate which supports the ends of the roof trusses or, in simple work, the feet of the rafters.
Plate	A roundel of silver or tinctured argent.
Plate	A sheet of glass, porcelain, metal, etc., with a coating that is sensitive to light.
Plate	A prize giving to the winner in a contest.
Plated	of Plate
Plating	of Plate
Plate	To cover or overlay with gold, silver, or other metals, either by a mechanical process, as hammering, or by a chemical process, as electrotyping.
Plate	To cover or overlay with plates of metal; to arm with metal for defense.
Plate	To adorn with plated metal; as, a plated harness.
Plate	To beat into thin, flat pieces, or laminae.
Plate	To calender; as, to plate paper.
Plateaux	of Plateau
Plateaus	of Plateau
Plateau	A flat surface; especially, a broad, level, elevated area of land; a table-land.
Plateau	An ornamental dish for the table; a tray or salver.
Platefuls	of Plateful
Plateful	Enough to fill a plate; as much as a plate will hold.
Plate-gilled	Having flat, or leaflike, gills, as the bivalve mollusks.
Platel	A small dish.
Platen	The part of a printing press which presses the paper against the type and by which the impression is made.
Platen	Hence, an analogous part of a typewriter, on which the paper rests to receive an impression.
Platen	The movable table of a machine tool, as a planer, on which the work is fastened, and presented to the action of the tool; -- also called table.
Plater	One who plates or coats articles with gold or silver; as, a silver plater.
Plater	A machine for calendering paper.
Plateresque	Resembling silver plate; -- said of certain architectural ornaments.
Platetrope	One of a pair of a paired organs.
Platform	A plat; a plan; a sketch; a model; a pattern. Used also figuratively.
Platform	A place laid out after a model.
Platform	Any flat or horizontal surface; especially, one that is raised above some particular level, as a framework of timber or boards horizontally joined so as to form a roof, or a raised floor, or portion of a floor; a landing; a dais; a stage, for speakers, performers, or workmen; a standing place.
Platform	A declaration of the principles upon which a person, a sect, or a party proposes to stand; a declared policy or system; as, the Saybrook platform; a political platform.
Platform	A light deck, usually placed in a section of the hold or over the floor of the magazine. See Orlop.
Platform	To place on a platform.
Platform	To form a plan of; to model; to lay out.
Plathelminth	One of the Platyelminthes.
Plathelminthes	Same as Platyelminthes.
Platin	See Platen.
Platina	Platinum.
Plating	The art or process of covering anything with a plate or plates, or with metal, particularly of overlaying a base or dull metal with a thin plate of precious or bright metal, as by mechanical means or by electro-magnetic deposition.
Plating	A thin coating of metal laid upon another metal.
Plating	A coating or defensive armor of metal (usually steel) plates.
Platinic	Of, pertaining to, or containing, platinum; -- used specifically to designate those compounds in which the element has a higher valence, as contrasted with the platinous compounds; as, platinic chloride (PtCl4).
Platinichloric	Of, pertaining to, or designating, an acid consisting of platinic chloride and hydrochloric acid, and obtained as a brownish red crystalline substance, called platinichloric, or chloroplatinic, acid.
Platiniferous	Yielding platinum; as, platiniferous sand.
Platiniridium	A natural alloy of platinum and iridium occurring in grayish metallic rounded or cubical grains with platinum.
Platinized	of Platinize
Platinizing	of Platinize
Platinize	To cover or combine with platinum.
Platinochloric	Pertaining to, derived from, or designating, an acid consisting of platinous chloride and hydrochloric acid, called platinochloric, / chloroplatinous, acid.
Platinochloride	A double chloride of platinum and some other metal or radical; a salt of platinochloric acid.
Platinocyanic	Pertaining to, derived from, or designating, an acid compound of platinous cyanide and hydrocyanic acid. It is obtained as a cinnaber-red crystalline substance.
Platinocyanide	A double cyanide of platinum and some other metal or radical; a salt of platinocyanic acid.
Platinode	A cathode.
Platinoid	Resembling platinum.
Platinoid	An alloy of German silver containing tungsten; -- used for forming electrical resistance coils and standards.
Platinotype	A permanent photographic picture or print in platinum black.
Platinotype	The process by which such pictures are produced.
Platinous	Of, pertaining to, or containing, platinum; -- used specifically to designate those compounds in which the element has a lower valence, as contrasted with the platinic compounds; as, platinous chloride (PtCl2).
Platinum	A metallic element, intermediate in value between silver and gold, occurring native or alloyed with other metals, also as the platinum arsenide (sperrylite). It is heavy tin-white metal which is ductile and malleable, but very infusible, and characterized by its resistance to strong chemical reagents. It is used for crucibles, for stills for sulphuric acid, rarely for coin, and in the form of foil and wire for many purposes. Specific gravity 21.5. Atomic weight 194.3. Symbol Pt. Formerly called platina.
Platitude	The quality or state of being flat, thin, or insipid; flat commonness; triteness; staleness of ideas of language.
Platitude	A thought or remark which is flat, dull, trite, or weak; a truism; a commonplace.
Platitudinarian	One addicted to uttering platitudes, or stale and insipid truisms.
Platitudinize	To utter platitudes or truisms.
Platitudinous	Abounding in platitudes; of the nature of platitudes; uttering platitudes.
Platly	Flatly. See Plat, a.
Platness	Flatness.
Platometer	See Planimeter.
Platonic	Alt. of Platonical
Platonical	Of or pertaining to Plato, or his philosophy, school, or opinions.
Platonical	Pure, passionless; nonsexual; philosophical.
Platonic	A follower of Plato; a Platonist.
Platonically	In a Platonic manner.
Platonism	The doctrines or philosophy by Plato or of his followers.
Platonism	An elevated rational and ethical conception of the laws and forces of the universe; sometimes, imaginative or fantastic philosophical notions.
Platonist	One who adheres to the philosophy of Plato; a follower of Plato.
Platonized	of Platonize
Platonizing	of Platonize
Platonize	To adopt the opinion of Plato or his followers.
Platonize	To explain by, or accomodate to, the Platonic philosophy.
Platonizer	One who Platonizes.
Platoon	Formerly, a body of men who fired together; also, a small square body of soldiers to strengthen the angles of a hollow square.
Platoon	Now, in the United States service, half of a company.
Platt	See Lodge, n.
Plattdeutsch	The modern dialects spoken in the north of Germany, taken collectively; modern Low German. See Low German, under German.
Platten	To flatten and make into sheets or plates; as, to platten cylinder glass.
Platter	One who plats or braids.
Platter	A large plate or shallow dish on which meat or other food is brought to the table.
Platter-faced	Having a broad, flat face.
Platting	Plaited strips or bark, cane, straw, etc., used for making hats or the like.
Platy	Like a plate; consisting of plates.
Platy-	A combining form from Gr. platy`s broad, wide, flat; as, platypus, platycephalous.
Platycephalic	Alt. of Platycephalous
Platycephalous	Broad-headed.
Platycnemic	Of, relating to, or characterized by, platycnemism.
Platycnemism	Lateral flattening of the tibia.
Platycoelian	Flat at the anterior and concave at the posterior end; -- said of the centra of the vertebrae of some extinct dinouaurs.
Platyelminthes	A class of helminthes including the cestodes, or tapeworms, the trematodes, and the turbellarians. Called also flatworms.
Platyhelmia	Same as Platyelminthes.
Platymeter	An apparatus for measuring the capacity of condensers, or the inductive capacity of dielectrics.
Platypod	An animal having broad feet, or a broad foot.
Platypoda	Same as Prosobranchiata.
Platyptera	A division of Pseudoneuroptera including the species which have four broad, flat wings, as the termites, or white-ants, and the stone flies (Perla).
Platypus	The duck mole. See under Duck.
Platyrhine	Having the nose broad; -- opposed to leptorhine.
Platyrhine	One of the Platyrhini.
Platyrhini	A division of monkeys, including the American species, which have a broad nasal septum, thirty-six teeth, and usually a prehensile tail. See Monkey.
Plaud	To applaud.
Plaudit	A mark or expression of applause; praise bestowed.
Plauditory	Applauding; commending.
Plausibility	Something worthy of praise.
Plausibility	The quality of being plausible; speciousness.
Plausibility	Anything plausible or specious.
Plausible	Worthy of being applauded; praiseworthy; commendable; ready.
Plausible	Obtaining approbation; specifically pleasing; apparently right; specious; as, a plausible pretext; plausible manners; a plausible delusion.
Plausible	Using specious arguments or discourse; as, a plausible speaker.
Plausibleize	To render plausible.
Plausibleness	Quality of being plausible.
Plausibly	In a plausible manner.
Plausibly	Contentedly, readily.
Plausive	Applauding; manifesting praise.
Plausive	Plausible, specious.
Played	of Play
Playing	of Play
Play	To engage in sport or lively recreation; to exercise for the sake of amusement; to frolic; to spot.
Play	To act with levity or thoughtlessness; to trifle; to be careless.
Play	To contend, or take part, in a game; as, to play ball; hence, to gamble; as, he played for heavy stakes.
Play	To perform on an instrument of music; as, to play on a flute.
Play	To act; to behave; to practice deception.
Play	To move in any manner; especially, to move regularly with alternate or reciprocating motion; to operate; to act; as, the fountain plays.
Play	To move gayly; to wanton; to disport.
Play	To act on the stage; to personate a character.
Play	To put in action or motion; as, to play cannon upon a fortification; to play a trump.
Play	To perform music upon; as, to play the flute or the organ.
Play	To perform, as a piece of music, on an instrument; as, to play a waltz on the violin.
Play	To bring into sportive or wanton action; to exhibit in action; to execute; as, to play tricks.
Play	To act or perform (a play); to represent in music action; as, to play a comedy; also, to act in the character of; to represent by acting; to simulate; to behave like; as, to play King Lear; to play the woman.
Play	To engage in, or go together with, as a contest for amusement or for a wager or prize; as, to play a game at baseball.
Play	To keep in play, as a hooked fish, in order to land it.
Play	Amusement; sport; frolic; gambols.
Play	Any exercise, or series of actions, intended for amusement or diversion; a game.
Play	The act or practice of contending for victory, amusement, or a prize, as at dice, cards, or billiards; gaming; as, to lose a fortune in play.
Play	Action; use; employment; exercise; practice; as, fair play; sword play; a play of wit.
Play	A dramatic composition; a comedy or tragedy; a composition in which characters are represented by dialogue and action.
Play	The representation or exhibition of a comedy or tragedy; as, he attends ever play.
Play	Performance on an instrument of music.
Play	Motion; movement, regular or irregular; as, the play of a wheel or piston; hence, also, room for motion; free and easy action.
Play	Hence, liberty of acting; room for enlargement or display; scope; as, to give full play to mirth.
Playa	A beach; a strand; in the plains and deserts of Texas, New Mexico, and Arizona, a broad, level spot, on which subsequently becomes dry by evaporation.
Playbill	A printed programme of a play, with the parts assigned to the actors.
Playbook	A book of dramatic compositions; a book of the play.
Playday	A day given to play or diversion; a holiday.
Player	One who plays, or amuses himself; one without serious aims; an idler; a trifler.
Player	One who plays any game.
Player	A dramatic actor.
Player	One who plays on an instrument of music.
Player	A gamester; a gambler.
Playfellow	A companion in amusements or sports; a playmate.
Playfere	A playfellow.
Playful	Sportive; gamboling; frolicsome; indulging a sportive fancy; humorous; merry; as, a playful child; a playful writer.
Playgame	Play of children.
Playgoer	One who frequents playhouses, or attends dramatic performances.
Playgoing	Frequenting playhouses; as, the playgoing public.
Playgoing	The practice of going to plays.
Playground	A piece of ground used for recreation; as, the playground of a school.
Playhouse	A building used for dramatic exhibitions; a theater.
Playhouse	A house for children to play in; a toyhouse.
Playing	a. & vb. n. of Play.
Playmaker	A playwright.
Playmate	A companion in diversions; a playfellow.
Playsome	Playful; wanton; sportive.
Playte	See Pleyt.
Plaything	A thing to play with; a toy; anything that serves to amuse.
Playtime	Time for play or diversion.
Playwright	A maker or adapter of plays.
Playwriter	A writer of plays; a dramatist; a playwright.
Plaza	A public square in a city or town.
Plea	That which is alleged by a party in support of his cause; in a stricter sense, an allegation of fact in a cause, as distinguished from a demurrer; in a still more limited sense, and in modern practice, the defendant's answer to the plaintiff's declaration and demand. That which the plaintiff alleges in his declaration is answered and repelled or justified by the defendant's plea. In chancery practice, a plea is a special answer showing or relying upon one or more things as a cause why the suit should be either dismissed, delayed, or barred. In criminal practice, the plea is the defendant's formal answer to the indictment or information presented against him.
Plea	A cause in court; a lawsuit; as, the Court of Common Pleas. See under Common.
Plea	That which is alleged or pleaded, in defense or in justification; an excuse; an apology.
Plea	An urgent prayer or entreaty.
Pleached	of Pleach
Pleaching	of Pleach
Pleach	To unite by interweaving, as branches of trees; to plash; to interlock.
Pleaded	of Plead
Plead	of Plead
Pled	of Plead
Pleading	of Plead
Plead	To argue in support of a claim, or in defense against the claim of another; to urge reasons for or against a thing; to attempt to persuade one by argument or supplication; to speak by way of persuasion; as, to plead for the life of a criminal; to plead with a judge or with a father.
Plead	To present an answer, by allegation of fact, to the declaration of a plaintiff; to deny the plaintiff's declaration and demand, or to allege facts which show that ought not to recover in the suit; in a less strict sense, to make an allegation of fact in a cause; to carry on the allegations of the respective parties in a cause; to carry on a suit or plea.
Plead	To contend; to struggle.
Plead	To discuss, defend, and attempt to maintain by arguments or reasons presented to a tribunal or person having uthority to determine; to argue at the bar; as, to plead a cause before a court or jury.
Plead	To allege or cite in a legal plea or defense, or for repelling a demand in law; to answer to an indictment; as, to plead usury; to plead statute of limitations; to plead not guilty.
Plead	To allege or adduce in proof, support, or vendication; to offer in excuse; as, the law of nations may be pleaded in favor of the rights of ambassadors.
Pleadable	Capable of being pleaded; capable of being alleged in proof, defense, or vindication; as, a right or privilege pleadable at law.
Pleader	One who pleads; one who argues for or against; an advotate.
Pleader	One who draws up or forms pleas; the draughtsman of pleas or pleadings in the widest sense; as, a special pleader.
Pleading	The act of advocating, defending, or supporting, a cause by arguments.
Pleadingly	In a pleading manner.
Pleadings	The mutual pleas and replies of the plaintiff and defendant, or written statements of the parties in support of their claims, proceeding from the declaration of the plaintiff, until issue is joined, and the question made to rest on some single point.
Pleasance	Pleasure; merriment; gayety; delight; kindness.
Pleasance	A secluded part of a garden.
Pleasant	Pleasing; grateful to the mind or to the senses; agreeable; as, a pleasant journey; pleasant weather.
Pleasant	Cheerful; enlivening; gay; sprightly; humorous; sportive; as, pleasant company; a pleasant fellow.
Pleasant	A wit; a humorist; a buffoon.
Pleasantly	In a pleasant manner.
Pleasantness	The state or quality of being pleasant.
Pleasantries	of Pleasantry
Pleasantry	That which denotes or promotes pleasure or good humor; cheerfulness; gayety; merriment; especially, an agreeable playfulness in conversation; a jocose or humorous remark; badinage.
Pleasant-tongued	Of pleasing speech.
Pleased	of Please
Pleasing	of Please
Please	To give pleasure to; to excite agreeable sensations or emotions in; to make glad; to gratify; to content; to satisfy.
Please	To have or take pleasure in; hence, to choose; to wish; to desire; to will.
Please	To be the will or pleasure of; to seem good to; -- used impersonally.
Please	To afford or impart pleasure; to excite agreeable emotions.
Please	To have pleasure; to be willing, as a matter of affording pleasure or showing favor; to vouchsafe; to consent.
Pleased	Experiencing pleasure.
Pleaseman	An officious person who courts favor servilely; a pickthank.
Pleaser	One who pleases or gratifies.
Pleasing	Giving pleasure or satisfaction; causing agreeable emotion; agreeable; delightful; as, a pleasing prospect; pleasing manners.
Pleasing	An object of pleasure.
Pleasurable	Capable of affording pleasure or satisfaction; gratifying; abounding in pleasantness or pleasantry.
Pleasure	The gratification of the senses or of the mind; agreeable sensations or emotions; the excitement, relish, or happiness produced by the expectation or the enjoyment of something good, delightful, or satisfying; -- opposed to pain, sorrow, etc.
Pleasure	Amusement; sport; diversion; self-indulgence; frivolous or dissipating enjoyment; hence, sensual gratification; -- opposed to labor, service, duty, self-denial, etc.
Pleasure	What the will dictates or prefers as gratifying or satisfying; hence, will; choice; wish; purpose.
Pleasure	That which pleases; a favor; a gratification.
Pleasured	of Pleasure
Pleasuring	of Pleasure
Pleasure	To give or afford pleasure to; to please; to gratify.
Pleasure	To take pleasure; to seek pursue pleasure; as, to go pleasuring.
Pleasureful	Affording pleasure.
Pleasureless	Devoid of pleasure.
Pleasurer	A pleasure seeker.
Pleasurist	A person devoted to worldly pleasure.
Pleat	See Plait.
Plebe	The common people; the mob.
Plebe	A member of the lowest class in the military academy at West Point.
Plebeian	Of or pertaining to the Roman plebs, or common people.
Plebeian	Of or pertaining to the common people; vulgar; common; as, plebeian sports; a plebeian throng.
Plebeian	One of the plebs, or common people of ancient Rome, in distinction from patrician.
Plebeian	One of the common people, or lower rank of men.
Plebeiance	Plebeianism.
Plebeiance	Plebeians, collectively.
Plebeianism	The quality or state of being plebeian.
Plebeianism	The conduct or manners of plebeians; vulgarity.
Plebeianized	of Plebeianize
Plebeianizing	of Plebeianize
Plebeianize	To render plebeian, common, or vulgar.
Plebicolist	One who flatters, or courts the favor of, the common people; a demagogue.
Plebification	A rendering plebeian; the act of vulgarizing.
Plebiscitary	Of or pertaining to plebiscite.
Plebiscite	A vote by universal male suffrage; especially, in France, a popular vote, as first sanctioned by the National Constitution of 1791.
Plebiscitum	A law enacted by the common people, under the superintendence of a tribune or some subordinate plebeian magistrate, without the intervention of the senate.
Plectile	Woven; plaited.
Plectognath	Of or pertaining to the Plectognathi.
Plectognath	One of the Plectognathi.
Plectognathi	An order of fishes generally having the maxillary bone united with the premaxillary, and the articular united with the dentary.
Plectognathic	Alt. of Plec-tognathous
Plec-tognathous	Of or pertaining to the Plectognathi.
Plectospondyli	An extensive suborder of fresh-water physostomous fishes having the anterior vertebrae united and much modified; the Eventognathi.
Plectospondylous	Of or pertaining to the Plectospondyli.
Plectra	of Plectrum
Plectrum	A small instrument of ivory, wood, metal, or quill, used in playing upon the lyre and other stringed instruments.
Pled	imp. & p. p. of Plead
Pledge	The transfer of possession of personal property from a debtor to a creditor as security for a debt or engagement; also, the contract created between the debtor and creditor by a thing being so delivered or deposited, forming a species of bailment; also, that which is so delivered or deposited; something put in pawn.
Pledge	A person who undertook, or became responsible, for another; a bail; a surety; a hostage.
Pledge	A hypothecation without transfer of possession.
Pledge	Anything given or considered as a security for the performance of an act; a guarantee; as, mutual interest is the best pledge for the performance of treaties.
Pledge	A promise or agreement by which one binds one's self to do, or to refrain from doing, something; especially, a solemn promise in writing to refrain from using intoxicating liquors or the like; as, to sign the pledge; the mayor had made no pledges.
Pledge	A sentiment to which assent is given by drinking one's health; a toast; a health.
Pledged	of Pledge
Pledging	of Pledge
Pledge	To deposit, as a chattel, in pledge or pawn; to leave in possession of another as security; as, to pledge one's watch.
Pledge	To give or pass as a security; to guarantee; to engage; to plight; as, to pledge one's word and honor.
Pledge	To secure performance of, as by a pledge.
Pledge	To bind or engage by promise or declaration; to engage solemnly; as, to pledge one's self.
Pledge	To invite another to drink, by drinking of the cup first, and then handing it to him, as a pledge of good will; hence, to drink the health of; to toast.
Pledgee	The one to whom a pledge is given, or to whom property pledged is delivered.
Pledgeless	Having no pledge.
Pledgeor	Alt. of Pledgor
Pledgor	One who pledges, or delivers anything in pledge; a pledger; -- opposed to pledgee.
Pledger	One who pledges.
Pledgery	A pledging; suretyship.
Pledget	A small plug.
Pledget	A string of oakum used in calking.
Pledget	A compress, or small flat tent of lint, laid over a wound, ulcer, or the like, to exclude air, retain dressings, or absorb the matter discharged.
Plegepoda	Same as Infusoria.
Pleiad	One of the Pleiades.
Pleiades	The seven daughters of Atlas and the nymph Pleione, fabled to have been made by Jupiter a constellation in the sky.
Pleiades	A group of small stars in the neck of the constellation Taurus.
Plein	Plan.
Plein	To complain. See Plain.
Plein	Full; complete.
Pleiocene	See Pliocene.
Pleiophyllous	Having several leaves; -- used especially when several leaves or leaflets appear where normally there should be only one.
Pleiosaurus	Same as Pliosaurus.
Pleistocene	Of or pertaining to the epoch, or the deposits, following the Tertiary, and immediately preceding man.
Pleistocene	The Pleistocene epoch, or deposits.
Plenal	Full; complete; as, a plenal view or act.
Plenarily	In a plenary manner.
Plenariness	Quality or state of being plenary.
Plenarty	The state of a benefice when occupied.
Plenary	Full; entire; complete; absolute; as, a plenary license; plenary authority.
Plenary	Decisive procedure.
Plene	Full; complete; plenary.
Plenicorn	A ruminant having solid horns or antlers, as the deer.
Plenilunary	Of or pertaining to the full moon.
Plenilune	The full moon.
Plenipotence	Alt. of Plenipotency
Plenipotency	The quality or state of being plenipotent.
Plenipotent	Possessing full power.
Plenipotentiaries	of Plenipotentiary
Plenipotentiary	A person invested with full power to transact any business; especially, an ambassador or envoy to a foreign court, with full power to negotiate a treaty, or to transact other business.
Plenipotentiary	Containing or conferring full power; invested with full power; as, plenipotentiary license; plenipotentiary ministers.
Plenish	To replenish.
Plenish	To furnish; to stock, as a house or farm.
Plenishing	Household furniture; stock.
Plenist	One who holds that all space is full of matter.
Plenitude	The quality or state of being full or complete; fullness; completeness; abundance; as, the plenitude of space or power.
Plenitude	Animal fullness; repletion; plethora.
Plenitudinarian	A plenist.
Plenitudinary	Having plenitude; full; complete; thorough.
Plenteous	Containing plenty; abundant; copious; plentiful; sufficient for every purpose; as, a plenteous supply.
Plenteous	Yielding abundance; productive; fruitful.
Plenteous	Having plenty; abounding; rich.
Plentevous	Plenteous.
Plentiful	Containing plenty; copious; abundant; ample; as, a plentiful harvest; a plentiful supply of water.
Plentiful	Yielding abundance; prolific; fruitful.
Plentiful	Lavish; profuse; prodigal.
Plenties	of Plenty
Plenty	Full or adequate supply; enough and to spare; sufficiency; specifically, abundant productiveness of the earth; ample supply for human wants; abundance; copiousness.
Plenty	Plentiful; abundant.
Plenum	That state in which every part of space is supposed to be full of matter; -- opposed to vacuum.
Pleochroic	Having the property of pleochroism.
Pleochroism	The property possessed by some crystals, of showing different colors when viewed in the direction of different axes.
Pleochromatic	Pleochroic.
Pleochromatism	Pleochroism.
Pleochroous	Pleochroic.
Pleomorphic	Pertaining to pleomorphism; as, the pleomorphic character of bacteria.
Pleomorphism	The property of crystallizing under two or more distinct fundamental forms, including dimorphism and trimorphism.
Pleomorphism	The theory that the various genera of bacteria are phases or variations of growth of a number of Protean species, each of which may exhibit, according to undetermined conditions, all or some of the forms characteristic of the different genera and species.
Pleomorphous	Having the property of pleomorphism.
Pleonasm	Redundancy of language in speaking or writing; the use of more words than are necessary to express the idea; as, I saw it with my own eyes.
Pleonast	One who is addicted to pleonasm.
Pleonaste	A black variety of spinel.
Pleonastic	Alt. of Pleonastical
Pleonastical	Of or pertaining to pleonasm; of the nature of pleonasm; redundant.
Pleonastically	In a pleonastic manner.
Pleopods	of Pleopod
Pleopoda	of Pleopod
Pleopod	One of the abdominal legs of a crustacean. See Illust. under Crustacea.
Plerome	The central column of parenchyma in a growing stem or root.
Plerophory	Fullness; full persuasion.
Plesance	Pleasance.
Plesh	A pool; a plash.
Plesimorphism	The property possessed by some substances of crystallizing in closely similar forms while unlike in chemical composition.
Plesiomorphous	Nearly alike in form.
Plesiosaur	One of the Plesiosauria.
Plesiosauria	An extinct order of Mesozoic marine reptiles including the genera Plesiosaurus, and allied forms; -- called also Sauropterygia.
Plesiosaurian	A plesiosaur.
Plesiosauri	of Plesiosaurus
Plesiosaurus	A genus of large extinct marine reptiles, having a very long neck, a small head, and paddles for swimming. It lived in the Mesozoic age.
Plessimeter	See Pleximeter.
Plete	To plead.
Plethora	Overfullness; especially, excessive fullness of the blood vessels; repletion; that state of the blood vessels or of the system when the blood exceeds a healthy standard in quantity; hyperaemia; -- opposed to anaemia.
Plethora	State of being overfull; excess; superabundance.
Plethoretic	Plethoric.
Plethoric	Haeving a full habit of body; characterized by plethora or excess of blood; as, a plethoric constitution; -- used also metaphorically.
Plethorical	Plethoric.
Plethory	Plethora.
Plethra	of Plethrum
Plethron	Alt. of Plethrum
Plethrum	A long measure of 100 Greek, or 101 English, feet; also, a square measure of 10,000 Greek feet.
Plethysmograph	An instrument for determining and registering the variations in the size or volume of a limb, as the arm or leg, and hence the variations in the amount of blood in the limb.
Plethysmography	The study, by means of the plethysmograph, of the variations in size of a limb, and hence of its blood supply.
Pleura	pl. of Pleuron.
Pleurae	of Pleura
Pleuras	of Pleura
Pleura	The smooth serous membrane which closely covers the lungs and the adjacent surfaces of the thorax; the pleural membrane.
Pleura	The closed sac formed by the pleural membrane about each lung, or the fold of membrane connecting each lung with the body wall.
Pleura	Same as Pleuron.
Pleural	Of or pertaining to the pleura or pleurae, or to the sides of the thorax.
Pleuralgia	Pain in the side or region of the ribs.
Pleurapophyses	of Pleurapophysis
Pleurapophysis	One of the ventral processes of a vertebra, or the dorsal element in each half of a hemal arch, forming, or corresponding to, a vertebral rib.
Pleurenchyma	A tissue consisting of long and slender tubular cells, of which wood is mainly composed.
Pleuric	Pleural.
Pleurisy	An inflammation of the pleura, usually accompanied with fever, pain, difficult respiration, and cough, and with exudation into the pleural cavity.
Pleurite	Same as Pleuron.
Pleuritic	Alt. of Pleuritical
Pleuritical	Of or pertaining to pleurisy; as, pleuritic symptoms.
Pleuritical	Suffering from pleurisy.
Pleuritis	Pleurisy.
Pleuro-	A combining form denoting relation to a side; specif., connection with, or situation in or near, the pleura; as, pleuroperitoneum.
Pleurobrachia	A genus of ctenophores having an ovate body and two long plumose tentacles.
Pleurobranch	Any one of the gills of a crustacean that is attached to the side of the thorax.
Pleuroeranchiae	of Pleurobranchia
Pleurobranchia	Same as Pleurobranch.
Pleurocarp	Any pleurocarpic moss.
Pleurocarpic	Alt. of Pleurocarpous
Pleurocarpous	Side-fruited; -- said of those true mosses in which the pedicels or the capsules are from lateral archegonia; -- opposed to acrocarpous.
Pleurocentrum	One of the lateral elements in the centra of the vertebrae in some fossil batrachians.
Pluroderes	A group of fresh-water turtles in which the neck can not be retracted, but is bent to one side, for protection. The matamata is an example.
Pleurodont	Having the teeth consolidated with the inner edge of the jaw, as in some lizards.
Pleurodont	Any lizard having pleurodont teeth.
Pleurodynia	A painful affection of the side, simulating pleurisy, usually due to rheumatism.
Pleura	of Pleuron
Pleuron	One of the sides of an animal.
Pleuron	One of the lateral pieces of a somite of an insect.
Pleuron	One of lateral processes of a somite of a crustacean.
Pleuronectoid	Pertaining to the Pleuronectidae, or Flounder family.
Pleuropericardial	Of or pertaining to the pleura and pericardium.
Pleuroperipneumony	Pleuropneumonia.
Pleuroperitoneal	Of or pertaining to the pleural and peritoneal membranes or cavities, or to the pleuroperitoneum.
Pleuroperitoneum	The pleural and peritoneal membranes, or the membrane lining the body cavity and covering the surface of the inclosed viscera; the peritoneum; -- used especially in the case of those animals in which the body cavity is not divided.
Pleuropneumonia	Inflammation of the pleura and lungs; a combination of pleurisy and pneumonia, esp. a kind of contagions and fatal lung plague of cattle.
Pleuroptera	A group of Isectivora, including the colugo.
Pleurosigma	A genus of diatoms of elongated elliptical shape, but having the sides slightly curved in the form of a letter S.  Pleurosigma angulatum has very fine striations, and is a favorite object for testing the high powers of microscopes.
Pleurostea	of Pleurosteon
-ons	of Pleurosteon
Pleurosteon	The antero-lateral piece which articulates the sternum of birds.
Pleurothotonus	A species of tetanus, in which the body is curved laterally.
Pleurotomae	of Pleurotoma
Pleurotomas	of Pleurotoma
Pleurotoma	Any marine gastropod belonging to Pleurotoma, and ether allied genera of the family Pleurotmidae. The species are very numerous, especially in tropical seas. The outer lip has usually a posterior notch or slit.
Plevin	A warrant or assurance.
Plexiform	Like network; complicated.
Pleximeter	A small, hard, elastic plate, as of ivory, bone, or rubber, placed in contact with body to receive the blow, in examination by mediate percussion.
Plexure	The act or process of weaving together, or interweaving; that which is woven together.
Plexus	of Plexus
Plexuses	of Plexus
Plexus	A network of vessels, nerves, or fibers.
Plexus	The system of equations required for the complete expression of the relations which exist between a set of quantities.
Pley	See Play.
Pley	Full See Plein.
Pleyt	An old term for a river boat.
Pliability	The quality or state of being pliable; flexibility; as, pliability of disposition.
Pliable	Capable of being plied, turned, or bent; easy to be bent; flexible; pliant; supple; limber; yielding; as, willow is a pliable plant.
Pliable	Flexible in disposition; readily yielding to influence, arguments, persuasion, or discipline; easy to be persuaded; -- sometimes in a bad sense; as, a pliable youth.
Pliancy	The quality or state of being pliant in sense; as, the pliancy of a rod.
Pliant	Capable of plying or bending; readily yielding to force or pressure without breaking; flexible; pliable; lithe; limber; plastic; as, a pliant thread; pliant wax.  Also used figuratively: Easily influenced for good or evil; tractable; as, a pliant heart.
Pliant	Favorable to pliancy.
Plica	A disease of the hair (Plica polonica), in which it becomes twisted and matted together. The disease is of Polish origin, and is hence called also Polish plait.
Plica	A diseased state in plants in which there is an excessive development of small entangled twigs, instead of ordinary branches.
Plica	The bend of the wing of a bird.
Plicate	Alt. of Plicated
Plicated	Plaited; folded like a fan; as, a plicate leaf.
Plication	A folding or fold; a plait.
Plicature	A fold; a doubling; a plication.
Plicidentine	A form of dentine which shows sinuous lines of structure in a transverse section of the tooth.
Plied	imp. & p. p. of Ply.
Pliers	A kind of small pinchers with long jaws, -- used for bending or cutting metal rods or wire, for handling small objects such as the parts of a watch, etc.
Pliform	In the form of a ply, fold, or doubling.
Plight	imp. & p. p. of Plight, to pledge.
Plight	imp. & p. p. of Pluck.
Plight	To weave; to braid; to fold; to plait.
Plight	A network; a plait; a fold; rarely a garment.
Plight	That which is exposed to risk; that which is plighted or pledged; security; a gage; a pledge.
Plight	Condition; state; -- risk, or exposure to danger, often being implied; as, a luckless plight.
Plighted	of Plight
Plighting	of Plight
Plight	To pledge; to give as a pledge for the performance of some act; as, to plight faith, honor, word; -- never applied to property or goods.
Plight	To promise; to engage; to betroth.
Plighter	One who, or that which, plights.
Plim	To swell, as grain or wood with water.
Plimsoll's mark	A mark conspicuously painted on the port side of all British sea-going merchant vessels, to indicate the limit of submergence allowed by law; -- so called from Samuel Plimsoll, by whose efforts the act of Parliament to prevent overloading was procured.
Plinth	In classical architecture, a vertically faced member immediately below the circular base of a column; also, the lowest member of a pedestal; hence, in general, the lowest member of a base; a sub-base; a block upon which the moldings of an architrave or trim are stopped at the bottom. See Illust. of Column.
Pliocene	Of, pertaining to, or characterizing, the most recent division of the Tertiary age.
Pliocene	The Pliocene period or deposits.
Pliohippus	An extinct genus of horses from the Pliocene deposits. Each foot had a single toe (or hoof), as in the common horse.
Pliosaurus	An extinct genus of marine reptiles allied to Plesiosaurus, but having a much shorter neck.
Plitt	An instrument of punishment or torture resembling the knout, used in Russia.
Ploc	A mixture of hair and tar for covering the bottom of a ship.
Ploce	A figure in which a word is separated or repeated by way of emphasis, so as not only to signify the individual thing denoted by it, but also its peculiar attribute or quality; as, "His wife's a wife indeed."
Plodded	of Plod
Plodding	of Plod
Plod	To travel slowly but steadily; to trudge.
Plod	To toil; to drudge; especially, to study laboriously and patiently.
Plod	To walk on slowly or heavily.
Plodder	One who plods; a drudge.
Plodding	Progressing in a slow, toilsome manner; characterized by laborious diligence; as, a plodding peddler; a plodding student; a man of plodding habits.
Plonge	To cleanse, as open drains which are entered by the tide, by stirring up the sediment when the tide ebbs.
Plongee	A slope or sloping toward the front; as, the plongee of a parapet; the plongee of a shell in its course.
Plot	A small extent of ground; a plat; as, a garden plot.
Plot	A plantation laid out.
Plot	A plan or draught of a field, farm, estate, etc., drawn to a scale.
Plotted	of Plot
Plotting	of Plot
Plot	To make a plot, map, pr plan, of; to mark the position of on a plan; to delineate.
Plot	Any scheme, stratagem, secret design, or plan, of a complicated nature, adapted to the accomplishment of some purpose, usually a treacherous and mischievous one; a conspiracy; an intrigue; as, the Rye-house Plot.
Plot	A share in such a plot or scheme; a participation in any stratagem or conspiracy.
Plot	Contrivance; deep reach of thought; ability to plot or intrigue.
Plot	A plan; a purpose.
Plot	In fiction, the story of a play, novel, romance, or poem, comprising a complication of incidents which are gradually unfolded, sometimes by unexpected means.
Plot	To form a scheme of mischief against another, especially against a government or those who administer it; to conspire.
Plot	To contrive a plan or stratagem; to scheme.
Plot	To plan; to scheme; to devise; to contrive secretly.
Plotful	Abounding with plots.
Pletinian	Of pertaining to the Plotinists or their doctrines.
Plotinist	A disciple of Plotinus, a celebrated Platonic philosopher of the third century, who taught that the human soul emanates from the divine Being, to whom it reunited at death.
Plot-proof	Secure against harm by plots.
Plotter	One who plots or schemes; a contriver; a conspirator; a schemer.
Plough	See Plow.
Plover	Any one of numerous species of limicoline birds belonging to the family Charadridae, and especially those belonging to the subfamily Charadrinsae. They are prized as game birds.
Plover	Any grallatorial bird allied to, or resembling, the true plovers, as the crab plover (Dromas ardeola); the American upland, plover (Bartramia longicauda); and other species of sandpipers.
Plow	Alt. of Plough
Plough	A well-known implement, drawn by horses, mules, oxen, or other power, for turning up the soil to prepare it for bearing crops; also used to furrow or break up the soil for other purposes; as, the subsoil plow; the draining plow.
Plough	Fig.: Agriculture; husbandry.
Plough	A carucate of land; a plowland.
Plough	A joiner's plane for making grooves; a grooving plane.
Plough	An implement for trimming or shaving off the edges of books.
Plough	Same as Charles's Wain.
Plowed	of Plough
Ploughed	of Plough
Plowing	of Plough
Ploughing	of Plough
Plow	Alt. of Plough
Plough	To turn up, break up, or trench, with a plow; to till with, or as with, a plow; as, to plow the ground; to plow a field.
Plough	To furrow; to make furrows, grooves, or ridges in; to run through, as in sailing.
Plough	To trim, or shave off the edges of, as a book or paper, with a plow. See Plow, n., 5.
Plough	To cut a groove in, as in a plank, or the edge of a board; especially, a rectangular groove to receive the end of a shelf or tread, the edge of a panel, a tongue, etc.
Plow	Alt. of Plough
Plough	To labor with, or as with, a plow; to till or turn up the soil with a plow; to prepare the soil or bed for anything.
Plowable	Alt. of Ploughable
Ploughable	Capable of being plowed; arable.
Plowbote	Alt. of Ploughbote
Ploughbote	Wood or timber allowed to a tenant for the repair of instruments of husbandry. See Bote.
Plowboy	Alt. of Ploughboy
Ploughboy	A boy that drives or guides a team in plowing; a young rustic.
Plower	Alt. of Plougher
Plougher	One who plows; a plowman; a cultivator.
Plowfoot	Alt. of Ploughfoot
Ploughfoot	An adjustable staff formerly attached to the plow beam to determine the depth of the furrow.
Plowgang	Alt. of Ploughgang
Ploughgang	Same as Plowgate.
Plowgate	Alt. of Ploughgate
Ploughgate	The Scotch equivalent of the English word plowland.
Plowhead	Alt. of Ploughhead
Ploughhead	The clevis or draught iron of a plow.
Plowland	Alt. of Plougland
Plougland	Land that is plowed, or suitable for tillage.
Plougland	the quantity of land allotted for the work of one plow; a hide.
-men	of Ploughman
Plowman	Alt. of Ploughman
Ploughman	One who plows, or who holds and guides a plow; hence, a husbandman.
Ploughman	A rustic; a countryman; a field laborer.
Plowpoint	Alt. of Ploughpoint
Ploughpoint	A detachable share at the extreme front end of the plow body.
Plowshare	Alt. of Ploughshare
Ploughshare	The share of a plow, or that part which cuts the slice of earth or sod at the bottom of the furrow.
Plowtail	Alt. of Ploughtail
Ploughtail	The hind part or handle of a plow.
Plowwright	Alt. of Ploughwright
Ploughwright	One who makes or repairs plows.
Ploy	Sport; frolic.
Ploy	To form a column from a line of troops on some designated subdivision; -- the opposite of deploy.
Ployment	The act or movement of forming a column from a line of troops on some designated subdivision; -- the opposite of deployment.
Plucked	of Pluck
Plucking	of Pluck
Pluck	To pull; to draw.
Pluck	Especially, to pull with sudden force or effort, or to pull off or out from something, with a twitch; to twitch; also, to gather, to pick; as, to pluck feathers from a fowl; to pluck hair or wool from a skin; to pluck grapes.
Pluck	To strip of, or as of, feathers; as, to pluck a fowl.
Pluck	To reject at an examination for degrees.
Pluck	To make a motion of pulling or twitching; -- usually with at; as, to pluck at one's gown.
Pluck	The act of plucking; a pull; a twitch.
Pluck	The heart, liver, and lights of an animal.
Pluck	Spirit; courage; indomitable resolution; fortitude.
Pluck	The act of plucking, or the state of being plucked, at college. See Pluck, v. t., 4.
Pluck	The lyrie.
Plucked	Having courage and spirit.
Plucker	One who, or that which, plucks.
Plucker	A machine for straightening and cleaning wool.
Pluckily	In a plucky manner.
Pluckiness	The quality or state of being plucky.
Pluckless	Without pluck; timid; faint-hearted.
Plucky	Having pluck or courage; characterized by pluck; displaying pluck; courageous; spirited; as, a plucky race.
Pluff	To throw out, as smoke, dust, etc., in puffs.
Pluff	A puff, as of smoke from a pipe, or of dust from a puffball; a slight explosion, as of a small quantity of gunpowder.
Pluff	A hairdresser's powder puff; also, the act of using it.
Plug	Any piece of wood, metal, or other substance used to stop or fill a hole; a stopple.
Plug	A flat oblong cake of pressed tobacco.
Plug	A high, tapering silk hat.
Plug	A worthless horse.
Plug	A block of wood let into a wall, to afford a hold for nails.
Plugged	of Plug
Plugging	of Plug
Plug	To stop with a plug; to make tight by stopping a hole.
Plugger	One who, or that which, plugs.
Plugging	The act of stopping with a plug.
Plugging	The material of which a plug or stopple is made.
Plum	The edible drupaceous fruit of the Prunus domestica, and of several other species of Prunus; also, the tree itself, usually called plum tree.
Plum	A grape dried in the sun; a raisin.
Plum	A handsome fortune or property; formerly, in cant language, the sum of £100,000 sterling; also, the person possessing it.
Plumae	of Pluma
Pluma	A feather.
Plumage	The entire clothing of a bird.
Plumassary	A plume or collection of ornamental feathers.
Plumassier	One who prepares or deals in ornamental plumes or feathers.
Plumb	A little mass or weight of lead, or the like, attached to a line, and used by builders, etc., to indicate a vertical direction; a plummet; a plumb bob. See Plumb line, below.
Plumb	Perpendicular; vertical; conforming the direction of a line attached to a plumb; as, the wall is plumb.
Plumb	In a plumb direction; perpendicularly.
Plumbed	of Plumb
Plumbing	of Plumb
Plumb	To adjust by a plumb line; to cause to be perpendicular; as, to plumb a building or a wall.
Plumb	To sound with a plumb or plummet, as the depth of water; hence, to examine by test; to ascertain the depth, quality, dimension, etc.; to sound; to fathom; to test.
Plumb	To seal with lead; as, to plumb a drainpipe.
Plumb	To supply, as a building, with a system of plumbing.
Plumbage	Leadwork
Plumbagin	A crystalline substance said to be found in the root of a certain plant of the Leadwort (Plumbago) family.
Plumbagineous	Pertaining to natural order (Plumbagineae) of gamopetalous herbs, of which Plumbago is the type. The order includes also the marsh rosemary, the thrift, and a few other genera.
Plumbaginous	Resembling plumbago; consisting of, or containing, plumbago; as, a plumbaginous slate.
Plumbago	Same as Graphite.
Plumbago	A genus of herbaceous plants with pretty salver-shaped corollas, usually blue or violet; leadwort.
Plumbean	Alt. of Plumbeous
Plumbeous	Consisting of, or resembling, lead.
Plumbeous	Dull; heavy; stupid.
Plumber	One who works in lead; esp., one who furnishes, fits, and repairs lead, iron, or glass pipes, and other apparatus for the conveyance of water, gas, or drainage in buildings.
Plumber block	A pillow block.
Plumbery	The business of a plumber.
Plumbery	A place where plumbing is carried on; lead works.
Plumbic	Of, pertaining to, resembling, or containing, lead; -- used specifically to designate those compounds in which it has a higher valence as contrasted with plumbous compounds; as, plumbic oxide.
Plumbiferous	Producing or containing lead.
Plumbing	The art of casting and working in lead, and applying it to building purposes; especially, the business of furnishing, fitting, and repairing pipes for conducting water, sewage, etc.
Plumbing	The lead or iron pipes, and other apparatus, used in conveying water, sewage, etc., in a building.
Plumbism	A diseased condition, produced by the absorption of lead, common among workers in this metal or in its compounds, as among painters, typesetters, etc. It is characterized by various symptoms, as lead colic, lead line, and wrist drop. See under Colic, Lead, and Wrist.
Plumbous	Of, pertaining to, or containing, lead; -- used specifically to designate those compounds in which it has a lower valence as contrasted with plumbic compounds.
Plumbum	The technical name of lead. See Lead.
Plume	A feather; esp., a soft, downy feather, or a long, conspicuous, or handsome feather.
Plume	An ornamental tuft of feathers.
Plume	A feather, or group of feathers, worn as an ornament; a waving ornament of hair, or other material resembling feathers.
Plume	A token of honor or prowess; that on which one prides himself; a prize or reward.
Plume	A large and flexible panicle of inflorescence resembling a feather, such as is seen in certain large ornamental grasses.
Plumed	of Plume
Pluming	of Plume
Plume	To pick and adjust the plumes or feathers of; to dress or prink.
Plume	To strip of feathers; to pluck; to strip; to pillage; also, to peel.
Plume	To adorn with feathers or plumes.
Plume	To pride; to vaunt; to boast; -- used reflexively; as, he plumes himself on his skill.
Plumeless	Without plumes.
Plumelet	A small plume.
Plumery	Plumes, collectively or in general; plumage.
Plumicorn	An ear tuft of feathers, as in the horned owls.
Plumigerous	Feathered; having feathers.
Plumiliform	Having the of a plume or feather.
Plumiped	Having feet covered with feathers.
Plumiped	A plumiped bird.
Plummet	A piece of lead attached to a line, used in sounding the depth of water.
Plummet	A plumb bob or a plumb line. See under Plumb, n.
Plummet	Hence, any weight.
Plummet	A piece of lead formerly used by school children to rule paper for writing.
Plumming	The operation of finding, by means of a mine dial, the place where to sink an air shaft, or to bring an adit to the work, or to find which way the lode inclines.
Plummy	Of the nature of a plum; desirable; profitable; advantageous.
Plumose	Alt. of Plumous
Plumous	Having feathers or plumes.
Plumous	Having hairs, or other parts, arranged along an axis like a feather; feathery; plumelike; as, a plumose leaf; plumose tentacles.
Plumosite	Same as Jamesonite.
Plumosity	The quality or state of being plumose.
Plump	Well rounded or filled out; full; fleshy; fat; as, a plump baby; plump cheeks.
Plump	A knot; a cluster; a group; a crowd; a flock; as, a plump of trees, fowls, or spears.
Plump	To grow plump; to swell out; as, her cheeks have plumped.
Plump	To drop or fall suddenly or heavily, all at once.
Plump	To give a plumper. See Plumper, 2.
Plumped	of Plump
Plumping	of Plump
Plump	To make plump; to fill (out) or support; -- often with up.
Plump	To cast or let drop all at once, suddenly and heavily; as, to plump a stone into water.
Plump	To give (a vote), as a plumper. See Plumper, 2.
Plump	Directly; suddenly; perpendicularly.
Plumper	One who, or that which, plumps or swells out something else; hence, something carried in the mouth to distend the cheeks.
Plumper	A vote given to one candidate only, when two or more are to be elected, thus giving him the advantage over the others. A person who gives his vote thus is said to plump, or to plump his vote.
Plumper	A voter who plumps his vote.
Plumper	A downright, unqualified lie.
Plumply	Fully; roundly; plainly; without reserve.
Plumpness	The quality or state of being plump.
Plumpy	Plump; fat; sleek.
Plumule	of Plumula
-las	of Plumula
Plumula	A plumule.
Plumula	A down feather.
Plumulaceous	Downy; bearing down.
Plumular	Relating to a plumule.
Plumularlae	of Plumularia
Plumularias	of Plumularia
Plumularia	Any hydroid belonging to Plumularia and other genera of the family Plumularidae. They generally grow in plumelike forms.
Plumularian	Any Plumularia. Also used adjectively.
Plumule	The first bud, or gemmule, of a young plant; the bud, or growing point, of the embryo, above the cotyledons. See Illust. of Radicle.
Plumule	A down feather.
Plumule	The aftershaft of a feather. See Illust. under Feather.
Plumule	One of the featherlike scales of certain male butterflies.
Plumulose	Having hairs branching out laterally, like the parts of a feather.
Plumy	Covered or adorned with plumes, or as with plumes; feathery.
Plundered	of Plunder
Plundering	of Plunder
Plunder	To take the goods of by force, or without right; to pillage; to spoil; to sack; to strip; to rob; as, to plunder travelers.
Plunder	To take by pillage; to appropriate forcibly; as, the enemy plundered all the goods they found.
Plunder	The act of plundering or pillaging; robbery. See Syn. of Pillage.
Plunder	That which is taken by open force from an enemy; pillage; spoil; booty; also, that which is taken by theft or fraud.
Plunder	Personal property and effects; baggage or luggage.
Plunderage	The embezzlement of goods on shipboard.
Plunderer	One who plunders or pillages.
Plunged	of Plunge
Plunging	of Plunge
Plunge	To thrust into water, or into any substance that is penetrable; to immerse; to cause to penetrate or enter quickly and forcibly; to thrust; as, to plunge the body into water; to plunge a dagger into the breast.  Also used figuratively; as, to plunge a nation into war.
Plunge	To baptize by immersion.
Plunge	To entangle; to embarrass; to overcome.
Plunge	To thrust or cast one's self into water or other fluid; to submerge one's self; to dive, or to rush in; as, he plunged into the river. Also used figuratively; as, to plunge into debt.
Plunge	To pitch or throw one's self headlong or violently forward, as a horse does.
Plunge	To bet heavily and with seeming recklessness on a race, or other contest; in an extended sense, to risk large sums in hazardous speculations.
Plunge	The act of thrusting into or submerging; a dive, leap, rush, or pitch into, or as into, water; as, to take the water with a plunge.
Plunge	Hence, a desperate hazard or act; a state of being submerged or overwhelmed with difficulties.
Plunge	The act of pitching or throwing one's self headlong or violently forward, like an unruly horse.
Plunge	Heavy and reckless betting in horse racing; hazardous speculation.
Plunger	One who, or that which, plunges; a diver.
Plunger	A long solid cylinder, used, instead of a piston or bucket, as a forcer in pumps.
Plunger	One who bets heavily and recklessly on a race; a reckless speculator.
Plunger	A boiler in which clay is beaten by a wheel to a creamy consistence.
Plunger	The firing pin of a breechloader.
Plunket	A kind of blue color; also, anciently, a kind of cloth, generally blue.
Pluperfect	More than perfect; past perfect; -- said of the tense which denotes that an action or event was completed at or before the time of another past action or event.
Pluperfect	The pluperfect tense; also, a verb in the pluperfect tense.
Plural	Relating to, or containing, more than one; designating two or more; as, a plural word.
Plural	The plural number; that form of a word which expresses or denotes more than one; a word in the plural form.
Pluralism	The quality or state of being plural, or in the plural number.
Pluralism	The state of a pluralist; the holding of more than one ecclesiastical living at a time.
Pluralist	A clerk or clergyman who holds more than one ecclesiastical benefice.
pluralities	of Plurality
Plurality	The state of being plural, or consisting of more than one; a number consisting of two or more of the same kind; as, a plurality of worlds; the plurality of a verb.
Plurality	The greater number; a majority; also, the greatest of several numbers; in elections, the excess of the votes given for one candidate over those given for another, or for any other, candidate. When there are more than two candidates, the one who receives the plurality of votes may have less than a majority. See Majority.
Plurality	See Plurality of benefices, below.
Pluralization	The act of pluralizing.
Pluralized	of Pluralize
Pluralizing	of Pluralize
Pluralize	To make plural by using the plural termination; to attribute plurality to; to express in the plural form.
Pluralize	To multiply; to make manifold.
Pluralize	To take a plural; to assume a plural form; as, a noun pluralizes.
Pluralize	To hold more than one benefice at the same time.
Pluralizer	A pluralist.
Plurally	In a plural manner or sense.
Pluri-	A combining form from L. plus, pluris, more, many; as pluriliteral.
Pluries	A writ issued in the third place, after two former writs have been disregarded.
Plurifarious	Of many kinds or fashions; multifarious.
Plurifoliolate	Having several or many leaflets.
Pluriliteral	Consisting of more letters than three.
Pluriliteral	A pluriliteral word.
Plurilocular	Having several cells or loculi
Plurilocular	having several divisions containing seeds; as, the lemon and the orange are plurilocular fruits.
Pluriparous	Producing several young at a birth; as, a pluriparous animal.
Pluripartite	Deeply divided into several portions.
Pluripresence	Presence in more places than one.
Plurisy	Superabundance; excess; plethora.
Plus	More, required to be added; positive, as distinguished from negative; -- opposed to minus.
Plus	Hence, in a literary sense, additional; real; actual.
Plush	A textile fabric with a nap or shag on one side, longer and softer than the nap of velvet.
Plushy	Like plush; soft and shaggy.
Plutarchy	Plutocracy; the rule of wealth.
Pluteal	Of or pertaining to a pluteus.
Plutei	of Pluteus
Pluteuses	of Pluteus
Pluteus	The free-swimming larva of sea urchins and ophiurans, having several long stiff processes inclosing calcareous rods.
Pluto	The son of Saturn and Rhea, brother of Jupiter and Neptune; the dark and gloomy god of the Lower World.
Plutocracy	A form of government in which the supreme power is lodged in the hands of the wealthy classes; government by the rich; also, a controlling or influential class of rich men.
Plutocrat	One whose wealth gives him power or influence; one of the plutocracy.
Plutocratic	Of or pertaining to plutocracy; as, plutocratic ideas.
Plutology	The science which treats of wealth.
Plutonian	Plutonic.
Plutonian	A Plutonist.
Plutonic	Of or pertaining to Pluto; Plutonian; hence, pertaining to the interior of the earth; subterranean.
Plutonic	Of, pertaining to, or designating, the system of the Plutonists; igneous; as, the Plutonic theory.
Plutonism	The theory, early advanced in geology, that the successive rocks of the earth's crust were formed by igneous fusion; -- opposed to the Neptunian theory.
Plutonist	One who adopts the geological theory of igneous fusion; a Plutonian. See Plutonism.
Plutus	The son of Jason and Ceres, and the god of wealth. He was represented as bearing a cornucopia, and as blind, because his gifts were bestowed without discrimination of merit.
Pluvial	Of or pertaining to rain; rainy.
Pluvial	Produced by the action of rain.
Pluvial	A priest's cope.
Pluviameter	See Pluviometer.
Pluviametrical	See Pluviometrical.
Pluvian	The crocodile bird.
Pluviometer	An instrument for ascertaining the amount of rainfall at any place in a given time; a rain gauge.
Pluviometrical	Of or pertaining to a pluviometer; determined by a pluviometer.
Pluviose	The fifth month of the French republican calendar adopted in 1793. It began January 20, and ended February 18. See Vendemiaire.
Pluvious	Abounding in rain; rainy; pluvial.
Plied	of Ply
Plying	of Ply
Ply	To bend.
Ply	To lay on closely, or in folds; to work upon steadily, or with repeated acts; to press upon; to urge importunately; as, to ply one with questions, with solicitations, or with drink.
Ply	To employ diligently; to use steadily.
Ply	To practice or perform with diligence; to work at.
Ply	To bend; to yield.
Ply	To act, go, or work diligently and steadily; especially, to do something by repeated actions; to go back and forth; as, a steamer plies between certain ports.
Ply	To work to windward; to beat.
Ply	A fold; a plait; a turn or twist, as of a cord.
Ply	Bent; turn; direction; bias.
Plyer	One who, or that which, plies
Plyer	A kind of balance used in raising and letting down a drawbridge. It consists of timbers joined in the form of a St. Andrew's cross.
Plyer	See Pliers.
Plyght	See Plight.
Plymouth Brethren	The members of a religious sect which first appeared at Plymouth, England, about 1830. They protest against sectarianism, and reject all official ministry or clergy. Also called Brethren, Christian Brethren, Plymouthists, etc. The Darbyites are a division of the Brethren.
Pneometer	A spirometer.
Pneumatic	Alt. of Pneumatical
Pneumatical	Consisting of, or resembling, air; having the properties of an elastic fluid; gaseous; opposed to dense or solid.
Pneumatical	Of or pertaining to air, or to elastic fluids or their properties; pertaining to pneumatics; as, pneumatic experiments.
Pneumatical	Moved or worked by pressure or flow of air; as, a pneumatic instrument; a pneumatic engine.
Pneumatical	Fitted to contain air; Having cavities filled with air; as, pneumatic cells; pneumatic bones.
Pneumaticity	The state of being pneumatic, or of having a cavity or cavities filled with air; as, the pneumaticity of the bones of birds.
Pneumatics	That branch of science which treats of the mechanical properties of air and other elastic fluids, as of their weight, pressure, elasticity, etc. See Mechanics.
Pneumatics	The scientific study or knowledge of spiritual beings and their relations to God, angels, and men.
Pneumato-	A combining form from Gr. pney^ma, pney`matos, wind, air, breath, respiration; as, pneumatograph, pneumatology.
Pneumatocele	A distention of the scrotum by air; also, hernia of the lungs.
Pneumatocyst	A cyst or sac of a siphonophore, containing air, and serving as a float, as in Physalia.
Pneumatogarm	A tracing of the respiratory movements, obtained by a pneumatograph or stethograph.
Pneumatograph	An instrument for recording the movements of the thorax or chest wall during respiration; -- also called stethograph.
Pneumatological	Of or pertaining to pneumatology.
Pneumatologist	One versed in pneumatology.
Pneumatology	The doctrine of, or a treatise on, air and other elastic fluids. See Pneumatics, 1.
Pneumatology	The science of spiritual being or phenomena of any description.
Pneumatometer	An instrument for measuring the amount of force exerted by the lungs in respiration.
Pneumatometry	See Spirometry.
Pneumatophore	One of the Pneumonophora.
Pneumatothorax	See Pneumothorax.
Pneumo-	A combining form from Gr. pney`mwn, pney`monos, a lung; as, pneumogastric, pneumology.
Pneumococcus	A form of micrococcus found in the sputum (and elsewhere) of persons suffering with pneumonia, and thought to be the cause of this disease.
Pneumogastric	Of or pertaining to the lungs and the stomach.
Pneumogastric	The pneumogastric nerve.
Pneumograph	Same as Pneumatograph.
Pneumography	A description of the lungs.
Pneumology	The science which treats of the lungs.
Pneumometer	A spirometer.
Pneumometry	Measurement of the capacity of the lungs for air.
Pneumonia	Inflammation of the lungs.
Pneumonic	Of or pertaining to the lungs; pulmonic.
Pneumonic	Of or pertaining to pneumonia; as, pneumonic symptoms.
Pneumonic	A medicine for affections of the lungs.
Pneumonitic	Of or pertaining to pneumonitis.
Pneumonitis	Inflammation of the lungs; pneumonia.
Pneumonometer	A spirometer; a pneumometer.
Pneumonophora	The division of Siphonophora which includes the Physalia and allied genera; -- called also Pneumatophorae.
Pneumony	See Pneumonia.
Pneumootoka	Same as Sauropsida.
Pneumophora	A division of holothurians having an internal gill, or respiratory tree.
Pneumoskeleton	A chitinous structure which supports the gill in some invertebrates.
Pneumotherapy	The treatment of disease by inhalations of compressed or rarefied air.
Pneumothorax	A condition in which air or other gas is present in the cavity of the chest; -- called also pneumatothorax.
Pnigalion	Nightmare.
Pnyx	The place at Athens where the meetings of the people were held for making decrees, etc.
Poa	A genus of grasses, including a great number of species, as the kinds called meadow grass, Kentucky blue grass, June grass, and spear grass (which see).
Poached	of Poach
Poaching	of Poach
Poach	To cook, as eggs, by breaking them into boiling water; also, to cook with butter after breaking in a vessel.
Poach	To rob of game; to pocket and convey away by stealth, as game; hence, to plunder.
Poach	To steal or pocket game, or to carry it away privately, as in a bag; to kill or destroy game contrary to law, especially by night; to hunt or fish unlawfully; as, to poach for rabbits or for salmon.
Poach	To stab; to pierce; to spear, \as fish.
Poach	To force, drive, or plunge into anything.
Poach	To make soft or muddy by trampling
Poach	To begin and not complete.
Poach	To become soft or muddy.
Poachard	A common European duck (Aythya ferina); -- called also goldhead, poker, and fresh-water, / red-headed, widgeon.
Poachard	The American redhead, which is closely allied to the European poachard.
Poacher	One who poaches; one who kills or catches game or fish contrary to law.
Poacher	The American widgeon.
Poachiness	The state of being poachy; marshiness.
Poachy	Wet and soft; easily penetrated by the feet of cattle; -- said of land
Poak	Alt. of Poake
Poake	Waste matter from the preparation of skins, consisting of hair, lime, oil, etc.
Pocan	The poke (Phytolacca decandra); -- called also pocan bush.
Pochard	See Poachard.
Pock	A pustule raised on the surface of the body in variolous and vaccine diseases.
Pockarred	See Pockmarked.
Pock-broken	Broken out, or marked, with smallpox; pock-fretten.
Pocket	A bag or pouch; especially; a small bag inserted in a garment for carrying small articles, particularly money; hence, figuratively, money; wealth.
Pocket	One of several bags attached to a billiard table, into which the balls are driven.
Pocket	A large bag or sack used in packing various articles, as ginger, hops, cowries, etc.
Pocket	A hole or space covered by a movable piece of board, as in a floor, boxing, partitions, or the like.
Pocket	A cavity in a rock containing a nugget of gold, or other mineral; a small body of ore contained in such a cavity.
Pocket	A hole containing water.
Pocket	A strip of canvas, sewn upon a sail so that a batten or a light spar can placed in the interspace.
Pocket	Same as Pouch.
Pocketed	of Pocket
Pocketing	of Pocket
Pocket	To put, or conceal, in the pocket; as, to pocket the change.
Pocket	To take clandestinely or fraudulently.
Pocketbook	A small book or case for carrying papers, money, etc., in the pocket; also, a notebook for the pocket.
Pocketfuls	of Pocketful
Pocketful	As much as a pocket will hold; enough to fill a pocket; as, pocketfuls of chestnuts.
-knives	of Pocketknife
Pocketknife	A knife with one or more blades, which fold into the handle so as to admit of being carried in the pocket.
Pock-fretten	See Pockmarked.
Pockiness	The state of being pocky.
Pockmark	A mark or pit made by smallpox.
Pockmarked	Marked by smallpox; pitted.
Pock-pitted	Pockmarked; pitted.
Pock-pudding	A bag pudding; a name of reproach or ridicule formerly applied by the Scotch to the English.
Pockwood	Lignum-vitae.
Pocky	Full of pocks; affected with smallpox or other eruptive disease.
Poco	A little; -- used chiefly in phrases indicating the time or movement; as, poco piu allegro, a little faster; poco largo, rather slow.
Pocock	Peacock.
Pococurante	A careless person; a trifler.
Pococurantism	Carelessness; apathy; indifference.
Pocoson	Low, wooded grounds or swamps in Eastern Maryland and Virginia.
Poculent	Fit for drink.
Poculiform	Having the shape of a goblet or drinking cup.
-pod	A combining form or suffix from Gr. poy`s, podo`s, foot; as, decapod, an animal having ten feet; phyllopod, an animal having leaflike feet; myriapod, hexapod.
Pod	A bag; a pouch.
Pod	A capsule of plant, especially a legume; a dry dehiscent fruit. See Illust. of Angiospermous.
Pod	A considerable number of animals closely clustered together; -- said of seals.
Podded	of Pod
Podding	of Pod
Pod	To swell; to fill; also, to produce pods.
-poda	A New Latin plural combining form or suffix from Gr. /, /, foot; as, hexapoda, myriapoda. See -pod.
Podagra	Gout in the joints of the foot; -- applied also to gout in other parts of body.
Podagric	Alt. of Podagrical
Podagrical	Pertaining to the gout; gouty; caused by gout.
Podagrical	Afflicted with gout.
Podagrous	Gouty; podagric.
Podalgia	pain in the foot, due to gout, rheumatism, etc.
Podarthra	of Podarthrum
Podarthrum	The foot joint; in birds, the joint between the metatarsus and the toes.
Podded	Having pods.
Podder	One who collects pods or pulse.
Podesta	One of the chief magistrates of the Italian republics in the Middle Ages.
Podesta	A mayor, alderman, or other magistrate, in some towns of Italy.
Podetia	of Podetium
Podetiums	of Podetium
Podetium	A stalk which bears the fructification in some lichens, as in the so-called reindeer moss.
Podge	A puddle; a plash.
Podge	Porridge.
Podgy	Fat and short; pudgy.
Podical	Anal; -- applied to certain organs of insects.
Podiceps	See Grebe.
Podia	of Podium
Podium	A low wall, serving as a foundation, a substructure, or a terrace wall.
Podium	The dwarf wall surrounding the arena of an amphitheater, from the top of which the seats began.
Podium	The masonry under the stylobate of a temple, sometimes a mere foundation, sometimes containing chambers.
Podium	The foot.
Podley	A young coalfish.
Podo-	A combining form or prefix from Gr. poy`s, podo`s, foot; as, podocarp, podocephalous, podology.
Podobranch	One of the branchiae attached to the bases of the legs in Crustacea.
Podobranchiae	of Podobranchia
Podobranchia	Same as Podobranch.
Podocarp	A stem, or footstalk, supporting the fruit.
Podocephalous	Having a head of flowers on a long peduncle, or footstalk.
Podogynium	Same as Basigynium
Podophthalmia	The stalk-eyed Crustacea, -- an order of Crustacea having the eyes supported on movable stalks. It includes the crabs, lobsters, and prawns. Called also Podophthalmata, and Decapoda.
Podophthalmic	Alt. of Podophthalmous
Podophthalmous	Having the eyes on movable footstalks, or pedicels.
Podophthalmous	Of or pertaining to the Podophthalmia.
Podophthalmite	The eyestalk of a crustacean.
Podophyllin	A brown bitter gum extracted from the rootstalk of the May apple (Podophyllum peltatum). It is a complex mixture of several substances.
Podophyllous	Having thin, flat, leaflike locomotive organs.
Podophyllous	Pertaining to, or composing, the layer of tissue, made up of laminae, beneath a horse's hoof.
Podophyllum	A genus of herbs of the Barberry family, having large palmately lobed peltate leaves and solitary flower. There are two species, the American Podohyllum peltatum, or May apple, the Himalayan P. Emodi.
Podophyllum	The rhizome and rootlet of the May apple (Podophyllum peltatum), -- used as a cathartic drug.
Podoscaph	A canoe-shaped float attached to the foot, for walking on water.
Podosperm	The stalk of a seed or ovule.
Podostomata	An order of Bryozoa of which Rhabdopleura is the type. See Rhabdopleura.
Podothecae	of Podotheca
Podotheca	The scaly covering of the foot of a bird or reptile.
Podrida	A miscellaneous dish of meats. See Olla-podrida.
Podurae	of Podura
Poduras	of Podura
Podura	Any small leaping thysanurous insect of the genus Podura and related genera; a springtail.
Podurid	Any species of Podura or allied genera.
Podurid	Pertaining to the poduras.
Poe	Same as Poi.
Poebird	The parson bird.
Poecile	Same as Poicile.
Poecilitic	Mottled with various colors; variegated; spotted; -- said of certain rocks.
Poecilitic	Specifically: Of or pertaining to, or characterizing, Triassic and Permian sandstones of red and other colors.
Poecilopod	One of the Poecilopoda. Also used adjectively.
Poecilopoda	Originally, an artificial group including many parasitic Entomostraca, together with the horseshoe crabs (Limuloidea).
Poecilopoda	By some recent writers applied to the Merostomata.
Poem	A metrical composition; a composition in verse written in certain measures, whether in blank verse or in rhyme, and characterized by imagination and poetic diction; -- contradistinguished from prose; as, the poems of Homer or of Milton.
Poem	A composition, not in verse, of which the language is highly imaginative or impassioned; as, a prose poem; the poems of Ossian.
Poematic	Pertaining to a poem, or to poetry; poetical.
Poenamu	A variety of jade or nephrite, -- used in New Zealand for the manufacture of axes and weapons.
Poenology	See Penology.
Poephaga	A group of herbivorous marsupials including the kangaroos and their allies.
Poesy	The art of composing poems; poetical skill or faculty; as, the heavenly gift of poesy.
Poesy	Poetry; metrical composition; poems.
Poesy	A short conceit or motto engraved on a ring or other thing; a posy.
Poet	One skilled in making poetry; one who has a particular genius for metrical composition; the author of a poem; an imaginative thinker or writer.
Poetaster	An inferior rhymer, or writer of verses; a dabbler in poetic art.
Poetastry	The works of a poetaster.
Poetess	A female poet.
Poetic	Alt. of Poetical
Poetical	Of or pertaining to poetry; suitable for poetry, or for writing poetry; as, poetic talent, theme, work, sentiments.
Poetical	Expressed in metrical form; exhibiting the imaginative or the rhythmical quality of poetry; as, a poetical composition; poetical prose.
Poetically	In a poetic manner.
Poetics	The principles and rules of the art of poetry.
Poeticule	A poetaster.
Poetized	of Poetize
Poetizing	of Poetize
Poetize	To write as a poet; to compose verse; to idealize.
Poetry	The art of apprehending and interpreting ideas by the faculty of imagination; the art of idealizing in thought and in expression.
Poetry	Imaginative language or composition, whether expressed rhythmically or in prose. Specifically: Metrical composition; verse; rhyme; poems collectively; as, heroic poetry; dramatic poetry; lyric or Pindaric poetry.
Poetship	The state or personality of a poet.
Poggy	See Porgy.
Poggy	A small whale.
Pogy	The menhaden.
Poh	An exclamation expressing contempt or disgust; bah !
Pohagen	See Pauhaugen.
Poi	A national food of the Hawaiians, made by baking and pounding the kalo (or taro) root, and reducing it to a thin paste, which is allowed to ferment.
Poicile	Alt. of Poecile
Poecile	The frescoed porch or gallery in Athens where Zeno taught.
Poignancy	The quality or state of being poignant; as, the poignancy of satire; the poignancy of grief.
Poignant	Pricking; piercing; sharp; pungent.
Poignant	Fig.: Pointed; keen; satirical.
Poignantly	In a poignant manner.
Poikilitic	See Poecilitic.
Poikilocyte	An irregular form of corpuscle found in the blood in cases of profound anaemia, probably a degenerated red blood corpuscle.
Poikilothermal	Alt. of Poikilothermic
Poikilothermic	Having a varying body temperature. See Homoiothermal.
Poikilothermous	Poikilothermal.
Poinciana	A prickly tropical shrub (Caesalpinia, formerly Poinciana, pulcherrima), with bipinnate leaves, and racemes of showy orange-red flowers with long crimson filaments.
Poind	To impound, as cattle.
Poind	To distrain.
Poinder	The keeper of a cattle pound; a pinder.
Poinder	One who distrains property.
Poinsettia	A Mexican shrub (Euphorbia pulcherrima) with very large and conspicuous vermilion bracts below the yellowish flowers.
Point	To appoint.
Point	That which pricks or pierces; the sharp end of anything, esp. the sharp end of a piercing instrument, as a needle or a pin.
Point	An instrument which pricks or pierces, as a sort of needle used by engravers, etchers, lace workers, and others; also, a pointed cutting tool, as a stone cutter's point; -- called also pointer.
Point	Anything which tapers to a sharp, well-defined termination. Specifically: A small promontory or cape; a tract of land extending into the water beyond the common shore line.
Point	The mark made by the end of a sharp, piercing instrument, as a needle; a prick.
Point	An indefinitely small space; a mere spot indicated or supposed. Specifically: (Geom.) That which has neither parts nor magnitude; that which has position, but has neither length, breadth, nor thickness, -- sometimes conceived of as the limit of a line; that by the motion of which a line is conceived to be produced.
Point	An indivisible portion of time; a moment; an instant; hence, the verge.
Point	A mark of punctuation; a character used to mark the divisions of a composition, or the pauses to be observed in reading, or to point off groups of figures, etc.; a stop, as a comma, a semicolon, and esp. a period; hence, figuratively, an end, or conclusion.
Point	Whatever serves to mark progress, rank, or relative position, or to indicate a transition from one state or position to another, degree; step; stage; hence, position or condition attained; as, a point of elevation, or of depression; the stock fell off five points; he won by tenpoints.
Point	That which arrests attention, or indicates qualities or character; a salient feature; a characteristic; a peculiarity; hence, a particular; an item; a detail; as, the good or bad points of a man, a horse, a book, a story, etc.
Point	Hence, the most prominent or important feature, as of an argument, discourse, etc.; the essential matter; esp., the proposition to be established; as, the point of an anecdote.
Point	A small matter; a trifle; a least consideration; a punctilio.
Point	A dot or mark used to designate certain tones or time
Point	A dot or mark distinguishing or characterizing certain tones or styles; as, points of perfection, of augmentation, etc.; hence, a note; a tune.
Point	A dot placed at the right hand of a note, to raise its value, or prolong its time, by one half, as to make a whole note equal to three half notes, a half note equal to three quarter notes.
Point	A fixed conventional place for reference, or zero of reckoning, in the heavens, usually the intersection of two or more great circles of the sphere, and named specifically in each case according to the position intended; as, the equinoctial points; the solstitial points; the nodal points; vertical points, etc. See Equinoctial Nodal.
Point	One of the several different parts of the escutcheon. See Escutcheon.
Point	One of the points of the compass (see Points of the compass, below); also, the difference between two points of the compass; as, to fall off a point.
Point	A short piece of cordage used in reefing sails. See Reef point, under Reef.
Point	A a string or lace used to tie together certain parts of the dress.
Point	Lace wrought the needle; as, point de Venise; Brussels point. See Point lace, below.
Point	A switch.
Point	An item of private information; a hint; a tip; a pointer.
Point	A fielder who is stationed on the off side, about twelve or fifteen yards from, and a little in advance of, the batsman.
Point	The attitude assumed by a pointer dog when he finds game; as, the dog came to a point. See Pointer.
Point	A standard unit of measure for the size of type bodies, being one twelfth of the thickness of pica type. See Point system of type, under Type.
Point	A tyne or snag of an antler.
Point	One of the spaces on a backgammon board.
Point	A movement executed with the saber or foil; as, tierce point.
Pointed	of Point
Pointing	of Point
Point	To give a point to; to sharpen; to cut, forge, grind, or file to an acute end; as, to point a dart, or a pencil. Used also figuratively; as, to point a moral.
Point	To direct toward an abject; to aim; as, to point a gun at a wolf, or a cannon at a fort.
Point	Hence, to direct the attention or notice of.
Point	To supply with punctuation marks; to punctuate; as, to point a composition.
Point	To mark (as Hebrew) with vowel points.
Point	To give particular prominence to; to designate in a special manner; to indicate, as if by pointing; as, the error was pointed out.
Point	To indicate or discover by a fixed look, as game.
Point	To fill up and finish the joints of (a wall), by introducing additional cement or mortar, and bringing it to a smooth surface.
Point	To cut, as a surface, with a pointed tool.
Point	To direct the point of something, as of a finger, for the purpose of designating an object, and attracting attention to it; -- with at.
Point	To indicate the presence of game by fixed and steady look, as certain hunting dogs do.
Point	To approximate to the surface; to head; -- said of an abscess.
Pointal	The pistil of a plant.
Pointal	A kind of pencil or style used with the tablets of the Middle Ages.
Pointal	See Poyntel.
Point-blank	The white spot on a target, at which an arrow or other missile is aimed.
Point-blank	With all small arms, the second point in which the natural line of sight, when horizontal, cuts the trajectory.
Point-blank	With artillery, the point where the projectile first strikes the horizontal plane on which the gun stands, the axis of the piece being horizontal.
Point-blank	Directed in a line toward the object aimed at; aimed directly toward the mark.
Point-blank	Hence, direct; plain; unqualified; -- said of language; as, a point-blank assertion.
Point-blank	In a point-blank manner.
Point d'appui	See under Appui.
Point-device	Alt. of Point-devise
Point-devise	Uncommonly nice and exact; precise; particular.
Point-device	Alt. of Point-devise
Point-devise	Exactly.
Pointed	Sharp; having a sharp point; as, a pointed rock.
Pointed	Characterized by sharpness, directness, or pithiness of expression; terse; epigrammatic; especially, directed to a particular person or thing.
Pointel	See Pointal.
Pointer	One who, or that which, points.
Pointer	The hand of a timepiece.
Pointer	One of a breed of dogs trained to stop at scent of game, and with the nose point it out to sportsmen.
Pointer	The two stars (Merak and Dubhe) in the Great Bear, the line between which points nearly in the direction of the north star.
Pointer	Diagonal braces sometimes fixed across the hold.
Pointing	The act of sharpening.
Pointing	The act of designating, as a position or direction, by means of something pointed, as a finger or a rod.
Pointing	The act or art of punctuating; punctuation.
Pointing	The act of filling and finishing the joints in masonry with mortar, cement, etc.; also, the material so used.
Pointing	The rubbing off of the point of the wheat grain in the first process of high milling.
Pointing	The act or process of measuring, at the various distances from the surface of a block of marble, the surface of a future piece of statuary; also, a process used in cutting the statue from the artist's model.
Pointingstock	An object of ridicule or scorn; a laughingstock.
Pointless	Having no point; blunt; wanting keenness; obtuse; as, a pointless sword; a pointless remark.
Pointlessly	Without point.
Pointleted	Having a small, distinct point; apiculate.
Pointrel	A graving tool.
-men	of Pointsman
Pointsman	A man who has charge of railroad points or switches.
Poise	Weight; gravity; that which causes a body to descend; heaviness.
Poise	The weight, or mass of metal, used in weighing, to balance the substance weighed.
Poise	The state of being balanced by equal weight or power; equipoise; balance; equilibrium; rest.
Poise	That which causes a balance; a counterweight.
Poised	of Poise
Poising	of Poise
Poise	To balance; to make of equal weight; as, to poise the scales of a balance.
Poise	To hold or place in equilibrium or equiponderance.
Poise	To counterpoise; to counterbalance.
Poise	To ascertain, as by the balance; to weigh.
Poise	To weigh (down); to oppress.
Poise	To hang in equilibrium; to be balanced or suspended; hence, to be in suspense or doubt.
Poiser	The balancer of dipterous insects.
Poison	Any agent which, when introduced into the animal organism, is capable of producing a morbid, noxious, or deadly effect upon it; as, morphine is a deadly poison; the poison of pestilential diseases.
Poison	That which taints or destroys moral purity or health; as, the poison of evil example; the poison of sin.
Poisoned	of Poison
Poisoning	of Poison
Poison	To put poison upon or into; to infect with poison; as, to poison an arrow; to poison food or drink.
Poison	To injure or kill by poison; to administer poison to.
Poison	To taint; to corrupt; to vitiate; as, vice poisons happiness; slander poisoned his mind.
Poison	To act as, or convey, a poison.
Poisonable	Capable of poisoning; poisonous.
Poisonable	Capable of being poisoned.
Poisoner	One who poisons.
Poisonous	Having the qualities or effects of poison; venomous; baneful; corrupting; noxious.
Poisonsome	Poisonous.[Obs.] Holland.
Poisure	Weight.
Poitrel	The breastplate of the armor of a horse. See Peytrel.
Poize	See Poise.
Pokal	A tall drinking cup.
Poke	A large North American herb of the genus Phytolacca (P. decandra), bearing dark purple juicy berries; -- called also garget, pigeon berry, pocan, and pokeweed. The root and berries have emetic and purgative properties, and are used in medicine. The young shoots are sometimes eaten as a substitute for asparagus, and the berries are said to be used in Europe to color wine.
Poke	A bag; a sack; a pocket.
Poke	A long, wide sleeve; -- called also poke sleeve.
Poked	of Poke
Poking	of Poke
Poke	To thrust or push against or into with anything pointed; hence, to stir up; to excite; as, to poke a fire.
Poke	To thrust with the horns; to gore.
Poke	To put a poke on; as, to poke an ox.
Poke	To search; to feel one's way, as in the dark; to grope; as, to poke about.
Poke	The act of poking; a thrust; a jog; as, a poke in the ribs.
Poke	A lazy person; a dawdler; also, a stupid or uninteresting person.
Poke	A contrivance to prevent an animal from leaping or breaking through fences. It consists of a yoke with a pole inserted, pointed forward.
Pokebag	The European long-tailed titmouse; -- called also poke-pudding.
Poker	One who pokes.
Poker	That which pokes or is used in poking, especially a metal bar or rod used in stirring a fire of coals.
Poker	A poking-stick.
Poker	The poachard.
Poker	A game at cards derived from brag, and first played about 1835 in the Southwestern United States.
Poker	Any imagined frightful object, especially one supposed to haunt the darkness; a bugbear.
Pokerish	Infested by pokers; adapted to excite fear; as, a pokerish place.
Pokerish	Stiff like a poker.
Poket	A pocket.
Pokeweed	See Poke, the plant.
Pokey	See Poky.
Poking	Drudging; servile.
Poking-stick	A small stick or rod of steel, formerly used in adjusting the plaits of ruffs.
Poky	Confined; cramped.
Poky	Dull; tedious; uninteresting.
Polacca	A vessel with two or three masts, used in the Mediterranean. The masts are usually of one piece, and without tops, caps, or crosstrees.
Polacca	See Polonaise.
Polack	A Polander.
Polacre	Same as Polacca, 1.
Polander	A native or inhabitant of Poland; a Pole.
Polar	Of or pertaining to one of the poles of the earth, or of a sphere; situated near, or proceeding from, one of the poles; as, polar regions; polar seas; polar winds.
Polar	Of or pertaining to the magnetic pole, or to the point to which the magnetic needle is directed.
Polar	Pertaining to, reckoned from, or having a common radiating point; as, polar coordinates.
Polar	The right line drawn through the two points of contact of the two tangents drawn from a given point to a given conic section. The given point is called the pole of the line. If the given point lies within the curve so that the two tangents become imaginary, there is still a real polar line which does not meet the curve, but which possesses other properties of the polar. Thus the focus and directrix are pole and polar. There are also poles and polar curves to curves of higher degree than the second, and poles and polar planes to surfaces of the second degree.
Polarchy	See Polyarchy.
Polaric	See Polar.
Polarily	In a polary manner; with polarity.
Polarimeter	An instrument for determining the amount of polarization of light, or the proportion of polarized light, in a partially polarized ray.
Polarimetry	The art or process of measuring the polarization of light.
Polaris	The polestar. See North star, under North.
Polariscope	An instrument consisting essentially of a polarizer and an analyzer, used for polarizing light, and analyzing its properties.
Polariscopic	Of or pertaining to the polariscope; obtained by the use of a polariscope; as, polariscopic observations.
Polariscopy	The art or rocess of making observations with the polariscope.
Polaristic	Pertaining to, or exhibiting, poles; having a polar arrangement or disposition; arising from, or dependent upon, the possession of poles or polar characteristics; as, polaristic antagonism.
Polarity	That quality or condition of a body in virtue of which it exhibits opposite, or contrasted, properties or powers, in opposite, or contrasted, parts or directions; or a condition giving rise to a contrast of properties corresponding to a contrast of positions, as, for example, attraction and repulsion in the opposite parts of a magnet, the dissimilar phenomena corresponding to the different sides of a polarized ray of light, etc.
Polarity	A property of the conic sections by virtue of which a given point determines a corresponding right line and a given right line determines a corresponding point. See Polar, n.
Polarizable	Susceptible of polarization.
Polarization	The act of polarizing; the state of being polarized, or of having polarity.
Polarization	A peculiar affection or condition of the rays of light or heat, in consequence of which they exhibit different properties in different directions.
Polarization	An effect produced upon the plates of a voltaic battery, or the electrodes in an electrolytic cell, by the deposition upon them of the gases liberated by the action of the current. It is chiefly due to the hydrogen, and results in an increase of the resistance, and the setting up of an opposing electro-motive force, both of which tend materially to weaken the current of the battery, or that passing through the cell.
Polarized	of Polarize
Polarizing	of Polarize
Polarize	To communicate polarity to.
Polarizer	That which polarizes; especially, the part of a polariscope which receives and polarizes the light. It is usually a reflecting plate, or a plate of some crystal, as tourmaline, or a doubly refracting crystal.
Polary	Tending to a pole; having a direction toward a pole.
Polatouche	A flying squirrel (Sciuropterus volans) native of Northern Europe and Siberia; -- called also minene.
Polder	A tract of low land reclaimed from the sea by of high embankments.
Poldway	A kind of coarse bagging, -- used for coal sacks.
Pole	A native or inhabitant of Poland; a Polander.
Pole	A long, slender piece of wood; a tall, slender piece of timber; the stem of a small tree whose branches have been removed; as, specifically: (a) A carriage pole, a wooden bar extending from the front axle of a carriage between the wheel horses, by which the carriage is guided and held back. (b) A flag pole, a pole on which a flag is supported. (c) A Maypole. See Maypole. (d) A barber's pole, a pole painted in stripes, used as a sign by barbers and hairdressers. (e) A pole on which climbing beans, hops, or other vines, are trained.
Pole	A measuring stick; also, a measure of length equal to 5/ yards, or a square measure equal to 30/ square yards; a rod; a perch.
Poled	of Pole
Poling	of Pole
Pole	To furnish with poles for support; as, to pole beans or hops.
Pole	To convey on poles; as, to pole hay into a barn.
Pole	To impel by a pole or poles, as a boat.
Pole	To stir, as molten glass, with a pole.
Pole	Either extremity of an axis of a sphere; especially, one of the extremities of the earth's axis; as, the north pole.
Pole	A point upon the surface of a sphere equally distant from every part of the circumference of a great circle; or the point in which a diameter of the sphere perpendicular to the plane of such circle meets the surface. Such a point is called the pole of that circle; as, the pole of the horizon; the pole of the ecliptic; the pole of a given meridian.
Pole	One of the opposite or contrasted parts or directions in which a polar force is manifested; a point of maximum intensity of a force which has two such points, or which has polarity; as, the poles of a magnet; the north pole of a needle.
Pole	The firmament; the sky.
Pole	See Polarity, and Polar, n.
Poleax	Alt. of Poleaxe
Poleaxe	Anciently, a kind of battle-ax with a long handle; later, an ax or hatchet with a short handle, and a head variously patterned; -- used by soldiers, and also by sailors in boarding a vessel.
Polecat	A small European carnivore of the Weasel family (Putorius foetidus). Its scent glands secrete a substance of an exceedingly disagreeable odor. Called also fitchet, foulmart, and European ferret.
Polecat	The zorilla. The name is also applied to other allied species.
Poledavy	A sort of coarse canvas; poldway.
Poleless	Without a pole; as, a poleless chariot.
Polemarch	In Athens, originally, the military commanderin-chief; but, afterward, a civil magistrate who had jurisdiction in respect of strangers and sojourners. In other Grecian cities, a high military and civil officer.
Polemic	Of or pertaining to controversy; maintaining, or involving, controversy; controversial; disputative; as, a polemic discourse or essay; polemic theology.
Polemic	Engaged in, or addicted to, polemics, or to controversy; disputations; as, a polemic writer.
Polemic	One who writes in support of one opinion, doctrine, or system, in opposition to another; one skilled in polemics; a controversialist; a disputant.
Polemic	A polemic argument or controversy.
Polemical	Polemic; controversial; disputatious.
Polemicist	A polemic.
Polemics	The art or practice of disputation or controversy, especially on religious subjects; that branch of theological science which pertains to the history or conduct of ecclesiastical controversy.
Polemist	A polemic.
Polemoniaceous	Of or pertaining to a natural order of plants (Polemoniaceae), which includes Polemonium, Phlox, Gilia, and a few other genera.
Polemonium	A genus of gamopetalous perennial herbs, including the Jacob's ladder and the Greek valerian.
Polemoscope	An opera glass or field glass with an oblique mirror arranged for seeing objects do not lie directly before the eye; -- called also diagonal, / side, opera glass.
Polemy	Warfare; war; hence, contention; opposition.
Polenta	Pudding made of Indian meal; also, porridge made of chestnut meal.
Poler	One who poles.
Poler	An extortioner. See Poller.
Polestar	Polaris, or the north star. See North star, under North.
Polestar	A guide or director.
Polewards	Toward a pole of the earth.
Polewig	The European spotted goby (Gobius minutus); -- called also pollybait.
Poley	See Poly.
Poley	Without horns; polled.
Polianite	Manganese dioxide, occurring in tetragonal crystals nearly as hard as quartz.
Policate	Same as Pollicate.
Police	A judicial and executive system, for the government of a city, town, or district, for the preservation of rights, order, cleanliness, health, etc., and for the enforcement of the laws and prevention of crime; the administration of the laws and regulations of a city, incorporated town, or borough.
Police	That which concerns the order of the community; the internal regulation of a state.
Police	The organized body of civil officers in a city, town, or district, whose particular duties are the preservation of good order, the prevention and detection of crime, and the enforcement of the laws.
Police	Military police, the body of soldiers detailed to preserve civil order and attend to sanitary arrangements in a camp or garrison.
Police	The cleaning of a camp or garrison, or the state / a camp as to cleanliness.
Policed	of Police
Policing	of Police
Police	To keep in order by police.
Police	To make clean; as, to police a camp.
Policed	Regulated by laws for the maintenance of peace and order, enforced by organized administration.
Policemen	of Policeman
Policeman	A member of a body of police; a constable.
Policial	Relating to the police.
Policied	Policed.
Policies	of Policy
Policy	Civil polity.
Policy	The settled method by which the government and affairs of a nation are, or may be, administered; a system of public or official administration, as designed to promote the external or internal prosperity of a state.
Policy	The method by which any institution is administered; system of management; course.
Policy	Management or administration based on temporal or material interest, rather than on principles of equity or honor; hence, worldly wisdom; dexterity of management; cunning; stratagem.
Policy	Prudence or wisdom in the management of public and private affairs; wisdom; sagacity; wit.
Policy	Motive; object; inducement.
Policied	of Policy
Policying	of Policy
Policy	To regulate by laws; to reduce to order.
Policy	A ticket or warrant for money in the public funds.
Policy	The writing or instrument in which a contract of insurance is embodied; an instrument in writing containing the terms and conditions on which one party engages to indemnify another against loss arising from certain hazards, perils, or risks to which his person or property may be exposed. See Insurance.
Policy	A method of gambling by betting as to what numbers will be drawn in a lottery; as, to play policy.
Poling	The act of supporting or of propelling by means of a pole or poles; as, the poling of beans; the poling of a boat.
Poling	The operation of dispersing worm casts over the walks with poles.
Poling	One of the poles or planks used in upholding the side earth in excavating a tunnel, ditch, etc.
Polish	Of or pertaining to Poland or its inhabitants.
Polish	The language of the Poles.
Polished	of Polish
Polishing	of Polish
Polish	To make smooth and glossy, usually by friction; to burnish; to overspread with luster; as, to polish glass, marble, metals, etc.
Polish	Hence, to refine; to wear off the rudeness, coarseness, or rusticity of; to make elegant and polite; as, to polish life or manners.
Polish	To become smooth, as from friction; to receive a gloss; to take a smooth and glossy surface; as, steel polishes well.
Polish	A smooth, glossy surface, usually produced by friction; a gloss or luster.
Polish	Anything used to produce a gloss.
Polish	Fig.: Refinement; elegance of manners.
Polishable	Capable of being polished.
Polished	Made smooth and glossy, as by friction; hence, highly finished; refined; polite; as, polished plate; polished manners; polished verse.
Polishedness	The quality of being polished.
Polisher	One who, or that which, polishes; also, that which is used in polishing.
Polishing	a. & n. from Polish.
Polishment	The act of polishing, or the state of being polished.
Polite	Smooth; polished.
Polite	Smooth and refined in behavior or manners; well bred; courteous; complaisant; obliging; civil.
Polite	Characterized by refinement, or a high degree of finish; as, polite literature.
Polite	To polish; to refine; to render polite.
Politely	In a polished manner; so as to be smooth or glossy.
Politely	In a polite manner; with politeness.
Politeness	High finish; smoothness; burnished elegance.
Politeness	The quality or state of being polite; refinement of manners; urbanity; courteous behavior; complaisance; obliging attentions.
Politesse	Politeness.
Politic	Of or pertaining to polity, or civil government; political; as, the body politic. See under Body.
Politic	Pertaining to, or promoting, a policy, especially a national policy; well-devised; adapted to its end, whether right or wrong; -- said of things; as, a politic treaty.
Politic	Sagacious in promoting a policy; ingenious in devising and advancing a system of management; devoted to a scheme or system rather than to a principle; hence, in a good sense, wise; prudent; sagacious; and in a bad sense, artful; unscrupulous; cunning; -- said of persons.
Politic	A politician.
Political	Having, or conforming to, a settled system of administration.
Political	Of or pertaining to public policy, or to politics; relating to affairs of state or administration; as, a political writer.
Political	Of or pertaining to a party, or to parties, in the state; as, his political relations were with the Whigs.
Political	Politic; wise; also, artful.
Politicalism	Zeal or party spirit in politics.
Politically	In a political manner.
Politically	Politicly; artfully.
Politicaster	A petty politician; a pretender in politics.
Politician	One versed or experienced in the science of government; one devoted to politics; a statesman.
Politician	One primarily devoted to his own advancement in public office, or to the success of a political party; -- used in a depreciatory sense; one addicted or attached to politics as managed by parties (see Politics, 2); a schemer; an intriguer; as, a mere politician.
Politician	Cunning; using artifice; politic; artful.
Politicist	A political writer.
Politicly	In a politic manner; sagaciously; shrewdly; artfully.
Politics	The science of government; that part of ethics which has to do with the regulation and government of a nation or state, the preservation of its safety, peace, and prosperity, the defense of its existence and rights against foreign control or conquest, the augmentation of its strength and resources, and the protection of its citizens in their rights, with the preservation and improvement of their morals.
Politics	The management of a political party; the conduct and contests of parties with reference to political measures or the administration of public affairs; the advancement of candidates to office; in a bad sense, artful or dishonest management to secure the success of political candidates or parties; political trickery.
Politize	To play the politician; to dispute as politicians do.
Politure	Polish; gloss. [Obs.] Donne.
Polities	of Polity
Polity	The form or constitution of the civil government of a nation or state; the framework or organization by which the various departments of government are combined into a systematic whole.
Polity	Hence: The form or constitution by which any institution is organized; the recognized principles which lie at the foundation of any human institution.
Polity	Policy; art; management.
Politzerization	The act of inflating the middle ear by blowing air up the nose during the act of swallowing; -- so called from Prof. Politzer of Vienna, who first practiced it.
Polive	A pulley.
Polka	A dance of Polish origin, but now common everywhere. It is performed by two persons in common time.
Polka	A lively Bohemian or Polish dance tune in 2-4 measure, with the third quaver accented.
Poll	A parrot; -- familiarly so called.
Poll	One who does not try for honors, but is content to take a degree merely; a passman.
Poll	The head; the back part of the head.
Poll	A number or aggregate of heads; a list or register of heads or individuals.
Poll	Specifically, the register of the names of electors who may vote in an election.
Poll	The casting or recording of the votes of registered electors; as, the close of the poll.
Poll	The place where the votes are cast or recorded; as, to go to the polls.
Poll	The broad end of a hammer; the but of an ax.
Poll	The European chub. See Pollard, 3 (a).
Polled	of Poll
Polling	of Poll
Poll	To remove the poll or head of; hence, to remove the top or end of; to clip; to lop; to shear; as, to poll the head; to poll a tree.
Poll	To cut off; to remove by clipping, shearing, etc.; to mow or crop; -- sometimes with off; as, to poll the hair; to poll wool; to poll grass.
Poll	To extort from; to plunder; to strip.
Poll	To impose a tax upon.
Poll	To pay as one's personal tax.
Poll	To enter, as polls or persons, in a list or register; to enroll, esp. for purposes of taxation; to enumerate one by one.
Poll	To register or deposit, as a vote; to elicit or call forth, as votes or voters; as, he polled a hundred votes more than his opponent.
Poll	To cut or shave smooth or even; to cut in a straight line without indentation; as, a polled deed. See Dee/ poll.
Poll	To vote at an election.
Pollack	A marine gadoid food fish of Europe (Pollachius virens). Called also greenfish, greenling, lait, leet, lob, lythe, and whiting pollack.
Pollack	The American pollock; the coalfish.
Pollage	A head or poll tax; hence, extortion.
Pollan	A lake whitefish (Coregonus pollan), native of Ireland. In appearance it resembles a herring.
Pollard	A tree having its top cut off at some height above the ground, that may throw out branches.
Pollard	A clipped coin; also, a counterfeit.
Pollard	A fish, the chub.
Pollard	A stag that has cast its antlers.
Pollard	A hornless animal (cow or sheep).
Pollarded	of Pollard
Pollarding	of Pollard
Pollard	To lop the tops of, as trees; to poll; as, to pollard willows.
Pollax	A poleax.
Polled	Deprived of a poll, or of something belonging to the poll. Specifically: (a) Lopped; -- said of trees having their tops cut off. (b) Cropped; hence, bald; -- said of a person. "The polled bachelor." Beau. & Fl. (c) Having cast the antlers; -- said of a stag. (d) Without horns; as, polled cattle; polled sheep.
Pollen	Fine bran or flour.
Pollen	The fecundating dustlike cells of the anthers of flowers. See Flower, and Illust. of Filament.
Pollenarious	Consisting of meal or pollen.
Pollened	Covered with pollen.
Polleniferous	Producing pollen; polliniferous.
Pollenin	A substance found in the pollen of certain plants.
Pollenized	of Pollenize
Pollenizing	of Pollenize
Pollenize	To supply with pollen; to impregnate with pollen.
Poller	One who polls; specifically: (a) One who polls or lops trees. (b) One who polls or cuts hair; a barber. [R.] (c) One who extorts or plunders. [Obs.] Baex. (d) One who registplws votplws, or one who enters his name as a voter.
Pollices	of Pollex
Pollex	The first, or preaxial, digit of the fore limb, corresponding to the hallux in the hind limb; the thumb. In birds, the pollex is the joint which bears the bastard wing.
Pollicate	Having a curved projection or spine on the inner side of a leg joint; -- said of insects.
Pollicitation	A voluntary engagement, or a paper containing it; a promise.
Pollicitation	A promise without mutuality; a promise which has not been accepted by the person to whom it is made.
Pollinate	Pollinose.
Pollinate	To apply pollen to (a stigma).
Pollinctor	One who prepared corpses for the funeral.
Polling	The act of topping, lopping, or cropping, as trees or hedges.
Polling	Plunder, or extortion.
Polling	The act of voting, or of registering a vote.
Polliniferous	Producing pollen; polleniferous.
Pollinia	of Pollinium
Pollinium	A coherent mass of pollen, as in the milkweed and most orchids.
Pollinose	Having the surface covered with a fine yellow dust, like pollen.
Polliwig	Alt. of Polliwog
Polliwog	A tadpole; -- called also purwiggy and porwigle.
Pollock	A marine gadoid fish (Pollachius carbonarius), native both of the European and American coasts. It is allied to the cod, and like it is salted and dried. In England it is called coalfish, lob, podley, podling, pollack, etc.
Pollucite	A colorless transparent mineral, resembling quartz, occurring with castor or castorite on the island of Elba. It is a silicate of alumina and caesia. Called also pollux.
Polluted	of Pollute
Polluting	of Pollute
Pollute	To make foul, impure, or unclean; to defile; to taint; to soil; to desecrate; -- used of physical or moral defilement.
Pollute	To violate sexually; to debauch; to dishonor.
Pollute	To render ceremonially unclean; to disqualify or unfit for sacred use or service, or for social intercourse.
Pollute	Polluted.
Polluted	Defiled; made unclean or impure; debauched.
Polluter	One who pollutes.
Polluting	Adapted or tending to pollute; causing defilement or pollution.
Pollution	The act of polluting, or the state of being polluted (in any sense of the verb); defilement; uncleanness; impurity.
Pollution	The emission of semen, or sperm, at other times than in sexual intercourse.
Pollux	A fixed star of the second magnitude, in the constellation Gemini.  Cf. 3d Castor.
Pollux	Same as Pollucite.
Polly	A woman's name; also, a popular name for a parrot.
Pollywog	A polliwig.
Polo	A game of ball of Eastern origin, resembling hockey, with the players on horseback.
Polo	A similar game played on the ice, or on a prepared floor, by players wearing skates.
Polonaise	Of or pertaining to the Poles, or to Poland.
Polonaise	The Polish language.
Polonaise	An article of dress for women, consisting of a body and an outer skirt in one piece.
Polonaise	A stately Polish dance tune, in 3-4 measure, beginning always on the beat with a quaver followed by a crotchet, and closing on the beat after a strong accent on the second beat; also, a dance adapted to such music; a polacca.
Polonese	See Polonaise.
Polony	A kind of sausage made of meat partly cooked.
Polron	See Pauldron.
Polt	A blow or thump.
Polt	Distorted.
Polt-foot	Alt. of Polt-footed
Polt-footed	Having a distorted foot, or a clubfoot or clubfeet.
Poltroon	An arrant coward; a dastard; a craven; a mean-spirited wretch.
Poltroon	Base; vile; contemptible; cowardly.
Poltroonery	Cowardice; want of spirit; pusillanimity.
Poltroonish	Resembling a poltroon; cowardly.
Polverine	Glassmaker's ashes; a kind of potash or pearlash, brought from the Levant and Syria, -- used in the manufacture of fine glass.
Polwig	A polliwig. Holland.
Poly-	A combining form or prefix from Gr. poly`s, many; as, polygon, a figure of many angles; polyatomic, having many atoms; polychord, polyconic.
Poly	A whitish woolly plant (Teucrium Polium) of the order Labiatae, found throughout the Mediterranean region. The name, with sundry prefixes, is sometimes given to other related species of the same genus.
Polyacid	Capable of neutralizing, or of combining with, several molecules of a monobasic acid; having more than one hydrogen atom capable of being replaced by acid radicals; -- said of certain bases; as, calcium hydrate and glycerin are polyacid bases.
Polyacoustic	Multiplying or magnifying sound.
Polyacoustic	A polyacoustic instrument.
Polyacoustics	The art of multiplying or magnifying sounds.
Polyacra	of Polyacron
Polyacrons	of Polyacron
Polyacron	A solid having many summits or angular points; a polyhedron.
Polyactinia	An old name for those Anthozoa which, like the actinias, have numerous simple tentacles.
Polyadelphia	A Linnaean class of plants having stamens united in three or more bodies or bundles by the filaments.
Polyadelphian	Alt. of Polyadelphous
Polyadelphous	Belonging to the class Polyadelphia; having stamens united in three or more bundles.
Polyandria	A Linnaean class of monoclinous or hermaphrodite plants, having many stamens, or any number above twenty, inserted in the receptacle.
Polyandrian	Polyandrous.
Polyandric	Pertaining to, or characterized by, polyandry; mating with several males.
Polyandrous	Belonging to the class Polyandria; having many stamens, or any number above twenty, inserted in the receptacle.
Polyandry	The possession by a woman of more than one husband at the same time; -- contrasted with monandry.
Polyanthuses	of Polyanthus
Polyanthus	The oxlip. So called because the peduncle bears a many-flowered umbel. See Oxlip. (b) A bulbous flowering plant of the genus Narcissus (N. Tazetta, or N. polyanthus of some authors). See Illust. of Narcissus.
Polyarchist	One who advocates polyarchy; -- opposed to monarchist.
Polyarchy	A government by many persons, of whatever order or class.
Polyatomic	Having more than one atom in the molecule; consisting of several atoms.
Polyatomic	Having a valence greater than one.
Polyautography	The act or practice of multiplying copies of one's own handwriting, or of manuscripts, by printing from stone, -- a species of lithography.
Polybasic	Capable of neutralizing, or of combining with, several molecules of a monacid base; having several hydrogen atoms capable of being replaced by basic radicals; -- said of certain acids; as, sulphuric acid is polybasic.
Polybasite	An iron-black ore of silver, consisting of silver, sulphur, and antimony, with some copper and arsenic.
Polybranchia	A division of Nudibranchiata including those which have numerous branchiae on the back.
Polybromide	A bromide containing more than one atom of bromine in the molecule.
Polycarpellary	Composed of several or numerous carpels; -- said of such fruits as the orange.
Polycarpic	Alt. of Polycarpous
Polycarpous	Bearing fruit repeatedly, or year after year.
Polycarpous	Having several pistils in one flower.
Polychaeta	One of the two principal groups of Chaetopoda. It includes those that have prominent parapodia and fascicles of setae. See Illust. under Parapodia.
Polychloride	A chloride containing more than one atom of chlorine in the molecule.
Polychoerany	A government by many chiefs, princes, or rules.
Polychord	Having many strings.
Polychord	A musical instrument of ten strings.
Polychord	An apparatus for coupling two octave notes, capable of being attached to a keyed instrument.
Polychrest	A medicine that serves for many uses, or that cures many diseases.
Polychroism	Same as Pleochroism.
Polychroite	The coloring matter of saffron; -- formerly so called because of the change of color on treatment with certain acids; -- called also crocin, and safranin.
Polychromate	A salt of a polychromic acid.
Polychromate	A compound which exhibits, or from which may be prepared, a variety of colors, as certain solutions derived from vegetables, which display colors by fluorescence.
Polychromatic	Showing a variety, or a change, of colors.
Polychrome	Esculin; -- so called in allusion to its fluorescent solutions.
Polychrome	Executed in the manner of polychromy; as, polychrome printing.
Polychromic	Polychromatic.
Polychromic	Pertaining to, or designating, any one of several acids (known only in their salts) which contain more than one atom of chromium.
Polychromous	Of or pertaining to polychromy; many-colored; polychromatic.
Polychromy	The art or practice of combining different colors, especially brilliant ones, in an artistic way.
Polychronious	Enduring through a long time; chronic.
Polyclinic	A clinic in which diseases of many sorts are treated; especially, an institution in which clinical instruction is given in all kinds of disease.
Polyconic	Pertaining to, or based upon, many cones.
Polycotyledon	A plant that has many, or more than two, cotyledons in the seed.
Polycotyledonary	Having the villi of the placenta collected into definite patches, or cotyledons.
Polycracy	Government by many rulers; polyarchy.
Polycrotic	Of or pertaining to polycrotism; manifesting polycrotism; as, a polycrotic pulse; a polycrotic pulse curve.
Polycrotism	That state or condition of the pulse in which the pulse curve, or sphygmogram, shows several secondary crests or elevations; -- contrasted with monocrotism and dicrotism.
Polycystid	One of the Polycystidea.
Polycystid	One of the Polycystina.
Polycystid	Pertaining to the Polycystidea, or the Polycystina.
Polycystidea	A division of Gregarinae including those that have two or more internal divisions of the body.
Polycystina	A division of Radiolaria including numerous minute marine species. The skeleton is composed of silica, and is often very elegant in form and sculpture. Many have been found in the fossil state.
Polycystine	Pertaining to the Polycystina.
Polycystine	One of the Polycystina.
Polycyttaria	A division of Radiolaria. It includes those having one more central capsules.
Polydactylism	The possession of more that the normal number of digits.
Polydipsia	Excessive and constant thirst occasioned by disease.
Polyedron	See Polyhedron.
Polyedrous	See Polyhedral.
Polyeidic	Passing through several distinct larval forms; -- having several distinct kinds of young.
Polyeidism	The quality or state of being polyeidic.
Polyembryonate	Consisting of, or having, several embryos; polyembryonic.
Polyembryonic	Polyembryonate.
Polyembryony	The production of two or more embryos in one seed, due either to the existence and fertilization of more than one embryonic sac or to the origination of embryos outside of the embryonic sac.
Polyfoil	Same as Multifoil.
Polygala	A genus of bitter herbs or shrubs having eight stamens and a two-celled ovary (as the Seneca snakeroot, the flowering wintergreen, etc.); milkwort.
Polygalaceous	Of or pertaining to a natural order of plants (Polygalaceae) of which Polygala is the type.
Polygalic	Of, pertaining to, or obtained from, Polygala; specifically, designating an acrid glucoside (called polygalic acid, senegin, etc.), resembling, or possibly identical with, saponin.
Polygamia	A Linnaean class of plants, characterized by having both hermaphrodite and unisexual flowers on the same plant.
Polygamia	A name given by Linnaeus to file orders of plants having syngenesious flowers.
Polygamian	Polygamous.
Polygamist	One who practices polygamy, or maintains its lawfulness.
Polygamize	To practice polygamy; to marry several wives.
Polygamous	Of or pertaining to polygamy; characterized by, or involving, polygamy; having a plurality of wives; as, polygamous marriages; -- opposed to monogamous.
Polygamous	Pairing with more than one female.
Polygamous	Belonging to the Polygamia; bearing both hermaphrodite and unisexual flowers on the same plant.
Polygamy	The having of a plurality of wives or husbands at the same time; usually, the marriage of a man to more than one woman, or the practice of having several wives, at the same time; -- opposed to monogamy; as, the nations of the East practiced polygamy. See the Note under Bigamy, and cf. Polyandry.
Polygamy	The state or habit of having more than one mate.
Polygamy	The condition or state of a plant which bears both perfect and unisexual flowers.
Polygastrian	One of the Polygastrica.
Polygastric	Having several bellies; -- applied to muscles which are made up of several bellies separated by short tendons.
Polygastric	Pertaining to the Polygastrica.
Polygastric	One of the Polygastrica.
Polygastrica	The Infusoria.
Polygenesis	Alt. of Polygeny
Polygeny	The theory that living organisms originate in cells or embryos of different kinds, instead of coming from a single cell; -- opposed to monogenesis.
Polygenetic	Having many distinct sources; originating at various places or times.
Polygenetic	Of or pertaining to polygenesis; polyphyletic.
Polygenic	Of or relating to polygeny; polygenetic.
Polygenism	The doctrine that animals of the same species have sprung from more than one original pair.
Polygenist	One who maintains that animals of the same species have sprung from more than one original pair; -- opposed to monogenist.
Polygenous	Consisting of, or containing, many kinds; as, a polygenous mountain.
Polyglot	Containing, or made up, of, several languages; as, a polyglot lexicon, Bible.
Polyglot	Versed in, or speaking, many languages.
Polyglot	One who speaks several languages.
Polyglot	A book containing several versions of the same text, or containing the same subject matter in several languages; esp., the Scriptures in several languages.
Polyglottous	Speaking many languages; polyglot.
Polygon	A plane figure having many angles, and consequently many sides; esp., one whose perimeter consists of more than four sides; any figure having many angles.
Polygonaceous	Of or pertaining to a natural order of apetalous plants (Polygonaceae), of which the knotweeds (species of Polygonum) are the type, and which includes also the docks (Rumex), the buckwheat, rhubarb, sea grape (Coccoloba), and several other genera.
Polygonal	Having many angles.
Polygoneutic	Having two or more broods in a season.
Polygonometry	The doctrine of polygons; an extension of some of the principles of trigonometry to the case of polygons.
Polygonous	Polygonal.
Polygonum	A genus of plants embracing a large number of species, including bistort, knotweed, smartweed, etc.
Polygony	Any plant of the genus Polygonum.
Polygordius	A genus of marine annelids, believed to be an ancient or ancestral type. It is remarkable for its simplicity of structure and want of parapodia. It is the type of the order Archiannelida, or Gymnotoma. See Loeven's larva.
Polygram	A figure consisting of many lines.
Polygraph	An instrument for multiplying copies of a writing; a manifold writer; a copying machine.
Polygraph	In bibliography, a collection of different works, either by one or several authors.
Polygraph	An instrument for detecting deceptive statements by a subject, by measuring several physiological states of the subject, such as pulse, heartbeat, and sweating.  The instrument records these parameters on a strip of paper while the subject is asked questions designed to elicit emotional responses when the subject tries to deceive the interrogator.   Also called lie detector
Polygraphic	Alt. of Polygraphical
Polygraphical	Pertaining to, or employed in, polygraphy; as, a polygraphic instrument.
Polygraphical	Done with a polygraph; as, a polygraphic copy.
Polygraphy	Much writing; writing of many books.
Polygraphy	The art of writing in various ciphers, and of deciphering the same.
Polygraphy	The art or practice of using a polygraph.
Polygrooved	Having many grooves; as, a polygrooved rifle or gun (referring to the rifling).
Polygyn	A plant of the order Polygynia.
Polygynia	A Linnaean order of plants having many styles.
Polygynian	Alt. of Polygynous
Polygynous	Having many styles; belonging to the order Polygynia.
Polygynist	One who practices or advocates polygyny.
Polygyny	The state or practice of having several wives at the same time; marriage to several wives.
Polyhalite	A mineral usually occurring in fibrous masses, of a brick-red color, being tinged with iron, and consisting chiefly of the sulphates of lime, magnesia, and soda.
Polyhedral	Alt. of Polyhedrical
Polyhedrical	Having many sides, as a solid body.
Polyhedrons	of Polyhedron
Polyhedra	of Polyhedron
Polyhedron	A body or solid contained by many sides or planes.
Polyhedron	A polyscope, or multiplying glass.
Polyhedrous	Polyhedral.
Polyhistor	One versed in various learning.
Polyhymnia	The Muse of lyric poetry.
Polyiodide	A iodide having more than one atom of iodine in the molecule.
Polylogy	Talkativeness.
Polyloquent	Garrulous; loquacious.
Polymastism	The condition of having more than two mammae, or breasts.
Polymathic	Pertaining to polymathy; acquainted with many branches of learning.
Polymathist	One versed in many sciences; a person of various learning.
Polymathy	The knowledge of many arts and sciences; variety of learning.
Polymeniscous	Having numerous facets; -- said of the compound eyes of insects and crustaceans.
Polymer	Any one of two or more substances related to each other by polymerism; specifically, a substance produced from another substance by chemical polymerization.
Polymeric	Having the same percentage composition (that is, having the same elements united in the same proportion by weight), but different molecular weights; -- often used with with; thus, cyanic acid (CNOH), fulminic acid (C2N2O2H2), and cyanuric acid (C3N3O3H3), are polymeric with each other.
Polymerism	The state, quality, or relation of two or more polymeric substances.
Polymerism	The act or process of forming polymers.
Polymerization	The act or process of changing to a polymeric form; the condition resulting from such change.
Polymerize	To cause polymerization of; to produce polymers from; to increase the molecular weight of, without changing the atomic proportions; thus, certain acids polymerize aldehyde.
Polymerize	To change into another substance having the same atomic proportions, but a higher molecular weight; to undergo polymerization; thus, aldehyde polymerizes in forming paraldehyde.
Polymerous	Having many parts or members in each set.
Polymerous	Polymeric.
Polymnia	See Polyhymnia.
Polymnite	A stone marked with dendrites and black lines, and so disposed as to represent rivers, marshes, etc.
Polymorph	A substance capable of crystallizing in several distinct forms; also, any one of these forms.  Cf. Allomorph.
Polymorphic	Polymorphous.
Polymorphism	Same as Pleomorphism.
Polymorphism	The capability of assuming different forms; the capability of widely varying in form.
Polymorphism	Existence in many forms; the coexistence, in the same locality, of two or more distinct forms independent of sex, not connected by intermediate gradations, but produced from common parents.
Polymorphosis	The assumption of several structural forms without a corresponding difference in function; -- said of sponges, etc.
Polymorphous	Having, or assuming, a variety of forms, characters, or styles; as, a polymorphous author.
Polymorphous	Having, or occurring in, several distinct forms; -- opposed to monomorphic.
Polymorphy	Existence in many forms; polymorphism.
Poly-mountain	Same as Poly, n.
Poly-mountain	The closely related Teucrium montanum, formerly called Polium montanum, a plant of Southern Europe.
Poly-mountain	The Bartsia alpina, a low purple-flowered herb of Europe.
Polymyodae	Same as Oscines.
Polymyodous	Polymyoid.
Polymyoid	Having numerous vocal muscles; of or pertaining to the Polymyodae.
Polyneme	Any one of numerous species of tropical food fishes of the family Polynemidae. They have several slender filaments, often very long, below the pectoral fin. Some of them yield isinglass of good quality. Called also threadfish.
Polynemoid	Of or pertaining to the polynemes, or the family Polynemidae.
Polynesian	Of or pertaining to Polynesia (the islands of the eastern and central Pacific), or to the Polynesians.
Polynesians	The race of men native in Polynesia.
Polynia	The open sea supposed to surround the north pole.
Polynomial	An expression composed of two or more terms, connected by the signs plus or minus; as, a2 - 2ab + b2.
Polynomial	Containing many names or terms; multinominal; as, the polynomial theorem.
Polynomial	Consisting of two or more words; having names consisting of two or more words; as, a polynomial name; polynomial nomenclature.
Polynuclear	Containing many nuclei.
Polynucleolar	Having more than one nucleolus.
Polyommatous	Having many eyes.
Polyonomous	Having many names or titles; polyonymous.
Polyonomy	The use of a variety of names for the same object.
Polyonym	An object which has a variety of names.
Polyonym	A polynomial name or term.
Polyonymous	Polyonomous.
Polyoptron	Alt. of Polyoptrum
Polyoptrum	A glass through which objects appear multiplied, but diminished in size.
Polyorama	A view of many objects; also, a sort of panorama with dissolving views.
Polyp	One of the feeding or nutritive zooids of a hydroid or coral.
Polyp	One of the Anthozoa.
Polyp	Same as Anthozoa. See Anthozoa, Madreporaria, Hydroid.
Polyparous	Producing or bearing a great number; bringing forth many.
Polyparies	of Polypary
Polypary	Same as Polypidom.
Polype	See Polyp.
Polypean	Of or pertaining to a polyp, or polyps.
Polyperythrin	A coloring matter found in many simple Anthozoa and some hydroids.
Polypetalous	Consisting of, or having, several or many separate petals; as, a polypetalous corolla, flower, or plant.
Polyphagous	Eating, or subsisting on, many kinds of food; as, polyphagous animals.
Polyphagy	The practice or faculty of subsisting on many kinds of food.
Polypharmacy	The act or practice of prescribing too many medicines.
Polypharmacy	A prescription made up of many medicines or ingredients.
Polyphemus	A very large American moth (Telea polyphemus) belonging to the Silkworm family (Bombycidae). Its larva, which is very large, bright green, with silvery tubercles, and with oblique white stripes on the sides, feeds on the oak, chestnut, willow, cherry, apple, and other trees. It produces a large amount of strong silk. Called also American silkworm.
Polyphone	A character or vocal sign representing more than one sound, as read, which is pronounced red.
Polyphonic	Having a multiplicity of sounds.
Polyphonic	Characterized by polyphony; as, Assyrian polyphonic characters.
Polyphonic	Consisting of several tone series, or melodic parts, progressing simultaneously according to the laws of counterpoint; contrapuntal; as, a polyphonic composition; -- opposed to homophonic, or monodic.
Polyphonism	Polyphony.
Polyphonist	A proficient in the art of multiplying sounds; a ventriloquist.
Polyphonist	A master of polyphony; a contrapuntist.
Polyphonous	Same as Polyphonic.
Polyphony	Multiplicity of sounds, as in the reverberations of an echo.
Polyphony	Plurality of sounds and articulations expressed by the same vocal sign.
Polyphony	Composition in mutually related, equally important parts which share the melody among them; contrapuntal composition; -- opposed to homophony, in which the melody is given to one part only, the others filling out the harmony. See Counterpoint.
Polyphore	A receptacle which bears many ovaries.
Polyphyletic	Pertaining to, or characterized by, descent from more than one root form, or from many different root forms; polygenetic; -- opposed to monophyletic.
Polyphyllous	Many-leaved; as, a polyphyllous calyx or perianth.
Polypi	The Anthozoa.
Polypide	One of the ordinary zooids of the Bryozoa.
Polypidom	A coral, or corallum; also, one of the coral-like structure made by bryozoans and hydroids.
Polypier	A polypidom.
Polypifera	The Anthozoa.
Polypiferous	Bearing polyps, or polypites.
Polypiparous	Producing polyps.
Polypite	One of the feeding zooids, or polyps, of a coral, hydroid, or siphonophore; a hydranth. See Illust. of Campanularian.
Polypite	Sometimes, the manubrium of a hydroid medusa.
Polypite	A fossil coral.
Polyplacophora	See Placophora.
Polyplastic	Assuming, or having the power of assuming, many forms; as, a polyplastic element which does not preserve its original shape.
Polypode	A plant of the genus Polypodium; polypody.
Polypode	An animal having many feet; a myriapod.
Polypodium	A genus of plants of the order Filices or ferns. The fructifications are in uncovered roundish points, called sori, scattered over the inferior surface of the frond or leaf. There are numerous species.
Polypody	Any plant of the genus Polypodium.
Polypoid	Like a polyp; having the nature of a polyp, but lacking the tentacles or other parts.
Polypoid	Resembling a polypus in appearance; having a character like that of a polypus.
Polypomedusae	Same as Hydrozoa.
Polyporous	Having many pores.
Polypori	of Polyporus
Polyporus	A genus of fungi having the under surface full of minute pores; also, any fungus of this genus.
Polypous	Of the nature of a polypus; having many feet or roots, like the polypus; affected with polypus.
Polypragmatic	Alt. of Polypragmatical
Polypragmatical	Overbusy; officious.
Polypragmaty	The state of being overbusy.
Polyprotodonta	A division of marsupials in which there are more fore incisor teeth in each jaw.
Polypteroidei	A suborder of existing ganoid fishes having numerous fins along the back. The bichir, or Polypterus, is the type. See Illust. under Crossopterygian.
Polypterus	An African genus of ganoid fishes including the bichir.
Polyptoton	A figure by which a word is repeated in different forms, cases, numbers, genders, etc., as in Tennyson's line, -- "My own heart's heart, and ownest own, farewell."
Polypuses	of Polypus
Polypi	of Polypus
Polypus	Same as Polyp.
Polypus	A tumor, usually with a narrow base, somewhat resembling a pear, -- found in the nose, uterus, etc., and produced by hypertrophy of some portion of the mucous membrane.
Polyrhizous	Having numerous roots, or rootlets.
Polyschematist	Having, or existing in, many different forms or fashions; multiform.
Polyscope	A glass which makes a single object appear as many; a multiplying glass.
Polyscope	An apparatus for affording a view of the different cavities of the body.
Polysepalous	Having the sepals separate from each other.
Polysilicic	Of or pertaining to compounds formed by the condensation of two or more molecules of silicic acid.
Polyspast	A machine consisting of many pulleys; specifically, an apparatus formerly used for reducing luxations.
Polyspermous	Containing many seeds; as, a polyspermous capsule or berry.
Polyspermy	Fullness of sperm, or seed; the passage of more than one spermatozoon into the vitellus in the impregnation of the ovum.
Polysporous	Containing many spores.
Polystomata	A division of trematode worms having more two suckers. Called also Polystomea and Polystoma.
Polystome	Having many mouths.
Polystome	An animal having many mouths; -- applied to Protozoa.
Polystyle	Having many columns; -- said of a building, especially of an interior part or court; as, a polystyle hall.
Polystyle	A polystyle hall or edifice.
Polysulphide	A sulphide having more than one atom of sulphur in the molecule; -- contrasted with monosulphide.
Polysulphuret	A polysulphide.
Polysyllabic	Alt. of Polysyllabical
Polysyllabical	Pertaining to a polysyllable; containing, or characterized by, polysyllables; consisting of more than three syllables.
Polysyllabicism	Polysyllabism.
Polysyllabicity	Polysyllabism.
Polysyllabism	The quality or state of being polysyllabic.
Polysyllable	A word of many syllables, or consisting of more syllables than three; -- words of less than four syllables being called monosyllables, dissyllables, and trisyllables.
Polysyndetic	Characterized by polysyndeton, or the multiplication of conjunctions.
Polysyndeton	A figure by which the conjunction is often repeated, as in the sentence, "We have ships and men and money and stores." Opposed to asyndeton.
Polysynthesis	The act or process of combining many separate elements into a whole.
Polysynthesis	The formation of a word by the combination of several simple words, as in the aboriginal languages of America; agglutination.
Polysynthetic	Characterized by polysynthesis; agglutinative.
Polsyntheticism	Polysynthesis.
Polytechnic	Comprehending, or relating to, many arts and sciences; -- applied particularly to schools in which many branches of art and science are taught with especial reference to their practical application; also to exhibitions of machinery and industrial products.
Polytechnical	Polytechnic.
Polytechnics	The science of the mechanic arts.
Polythalamia	A division of Foraminifera including those having a manychambered shell.
Polythalamous	Many-chambered; -- applied to shells of Foraminifera and cephalopods. See Illust. of Nautilus.
Polytheism	The doctrine of, or belief in, a plurality of gods.
Polytheist	One who believes in, or maintains the doctrine of, a plurality of gods.
Polytheistic	Alt. of Polytheistical
Polytheistical	Of or pertaining to polytheism; characterized by polytheism; professing or advocating polytheism; as, polytheistic worship; a polytheistic author, or nation.
Polytheize	To adhere to, advocate, or inculcate, the doctrine of polytheism.
Polythelism	The condition of having more than two teats, or nipples.
Polytocous	Bearing fruit repeatedly, as most perennial plants; polycarpic.
Polytocous	Producing many or young.
Polytomous	Subdivided into many distinct subordinate parts, which, however, not being jointed to the petiole, are not true leaflets; -- said of leaves.
Polytomy	A division into many members.
Polytungstate	A salt of polytungstic acid.
Polytungstic	Containing several tungsten atoms or radicals; as, polytungstic acid.
Polytype	A cast, or facsimile copy, of an engraved block, matter in type, etc. (see citation); as, a polytype in relief.
Polytype	Of or pertaining to polytypes; obtained by polytyping; as, a polytype plate.
Polytyped	of Polytype
Polytyping	of Polytype
Polytype	To produce a polytype of; as, to polytype an engraving.
Poluria	A persistently excessive flow of watery urine, with low specific gravity and without the presence of either albumin or sugar. It is generally accompanied with more or less thirst.
Polyvalent	Multivalent.
Polyve	A pulley.
Polyzoa	Same as Bryozoa. See Illust. under Bryozoa, and Phylactolaemata.
Polyzoan	Any species of Polyzoa; one of the Polyzoa.
Polyzoan	A polyzoon.
Polyzoaria	of Polyzoarium
Polyzoarium	Same as Polyzoary.
Polyzoary	The compound organism of a polyzoan.
Polyzonal	Consisting of many zones or rings.
Polyzoa	of Polyzoon
Polyzoon	One of the individual zooids forming the compound organism of a polyzoan.
Pomace	The substance of apples, or of similar fruit, crushed by grinding.
Pomacentroid	Pertaining to the Pomacentridae, a family of bright-colored tropical fishes having spiny opercula; -- often called coral fishes.
Pomaceous	Like an apple or pear; producing pomes.
Pomaceous	Of or pertaining to a suborder (Pomeae) of rosaceous plants, which includes the true thorn trees, the quinces, service berries, medlars, and loquats, as well as the apples, pears, crabs, etc.
Pomaceous	Like pomace.
Pomade	Cider.
Pomade	Perfumed ointment; esp., a fragrant unguent for the hair; pomatum; -- originally made from apples.
Pomander	A perfume to be carried with one, often in the form of a ball.
Pomander	A box to contain such perfume, formerly carried by ladies, as at the end of a chain; -- more properly pomander box.
Pomarine	Having the nostril covered with a scale.
Pomatum	A perfumed unguent or composition, chiefly used in dressing the hair; pomade.
Pomatum	To dress with pomatum.
Pome	A fruit composed of several cartilaginous or bony carpels inclosed in an adherent fleshy mass, which is partly receptacle and partly calyx, as an apple, quince, or pear.
Pome	A ball of silver or other metal, which is filled with hot water, and used by the priest in cold weather to warm his hands during the service.
Pome	To grow to a head, or form a head in growing.
Pomegranate	The fruit of the tree Punica Granatum; also, the tree itself (see Balaustine), which is native in the Orient, but is successfully cultivated in many warm countries, and as a house plant in colder climates. The fruit is as large as an orange, and has a hard rind containing many rather large seeds, each one separately covered with crimson, acid pulp.
Pomegranate	A carved or embroidered ornament resembling a pomegranate.
Pomel	A pommel.
Pomelo	A variety of shaddock, called also grape fruit.
Pomely	Dappled.
Pomeranian	Of or pertaining to Pomerania, a province of Prussia on the Baltic Sea.
Pomeranian	A native or inhabitant of Pomerania.
Pomewater	A kind of sweet, juicy apple.
Pomeys	of Pomey
Pomey	A figure supposed to resemble an apple; a roundel, -- always of a green color.
Pomfret	One of two or more species of marine food fishes of the genus Stromateus (S. niger, S. argenteus) native of Southern Europe and Asia.
Pomfret	A marine food fish of Bermuda (Brama Raji).
Pomiferous	Bearing pomes, or applelike fruits.
Pomiferous	Bearing fruits, or excrescences, more or less resembling an apple.
Pommage	See Pomage.
Pomme	Having the ends terminating in rounded protuberances or single balls; -- said of a cross.
Pomme blanche	The prairie turnip. See under Prairie.
Pommel	A knob or ball; an object resembling a ball in form
Pommel	The knob on the hilt of a sword.
Pommel	The knob or protuberant part of a saddlebow.
Pommel	The top (of the head).
Pommel	A knob forming the finial of a turret or pavilion.
Pommeled	of Pommel
Pommelled	of Pommel
Pommeling	of Pommel
Pommelling	of Pommel
Pommel	To beat soundly, as with the pommel of a sword, or with something knoblike; hence, to beat with the fists.
Pommelion	The cascabel, or hindmost knob, of a cannon.
Pommette	Having two balls or protuberances at each end; -- said of a cross.
Pomological	Of or pertaining to pomology.
Pomologist	One versed in pomology; one who culticvates fruit trees.
Pomology	The science of fruits; a treatise on fruits; the cultivation of fruits and fruit trees.
Pomona	The goddess of fruits and fruit trees.
Pomp	A procession distinguished by ostentation and splendor; a pageant.
Pomp	Show of magnificence; parade; display; power.
Pomp	To make a pompons display; to conduct.
Pompadour	A crimson or pink color; also, a style of dress cut low and square in the neck; also, a mode of dressing the hair by drawing it straight back from the forehead over a roll; -- so called after the Marchioness de Pompadour of France. Also much used adjectively.
Pompano	Any one of several species of marine fishes of the genus Trachynotus, of which four species are found on the Atlantic coast of the United States; -- called also palometa.
Pompano	A California harvest fish (Stromateus simillimus), highly valued as a food fish.
Pompatic	Pompous.
Pompelmouses	of Pompelmous
Pompelmous	A shaddock, esp. one of large size.
Pompet	The ball formerly used to ink the type.
Pompholyx	Impure zinc oxide.
Pompholyx	A skin disease in which there is an eruption of bullae, without inflammation or fever.
Pompillion	An ointment or pomatum made of black poplar buds.
Pompion	See Pumpion.
Pompire	A pearmain.
Pompoleon	See Pompelmous.
Pompon	Any trifling ornament for a woman's dress or bonnet.
Pompon	A tuft or ball of wool, or the like, sometimes worn by soldiers on the front of the hat, instead of a feather.
Pomposities	of Pomposity
Pomposity	The quality or state of being pompous; pompousness.
Pomposo	Grand and dignified; in grand style.
Pompous	Displaying pomp; stately; showy with grandeur; magnificent; as, a pompous procession.
Pompous	Ostentatious; pretentious; boastful; vainlorious; as, pompous manners; a pompous style.
Pomptine	See Pontine.
Pomwater	Same as Pomewater.
Ponchos	of Poncho
Poncho	A kind of cloak worn by the Spanish Americans, having the form of a blanket, with a slit in the middle for the head to pass through.  A kind of poncho made of rubber or painted cloth is used by the mounted troops in the United States service.
Poncho	A trade name for camlets, or stout worsteds.
Pond	A body of water, naturally or artificially confined, and usually of less extent than a lake.
Pond	To make into a pond; to collect, as water, in a pond by damming.
Pond	To ponder.
Pondered	of Ponder
Pondering	of Ponder
Ponder	To weigh.
Ponder	To weigh in the mind; to view with deliberation; to examine carefully; to consider attentively.
Ponder	To think; to deliberate; to muse; -- usually followed by on or over.
Ponderability	The quality or state of being ponderable.
Ponderable	Capable of being weighed; having appreciable weight.
Ponderal	Estimated or ascertained by weight; -- distinguished from numeral; as, a ponderal drachma.
Ponderance	Weight; gravity.
Ponderary	Of or pertaining to weight; as, a ponderary system.
Ponderate	To consider; to ponder.
Ponderate	To have weight or influence.
Ponderation	The act of weighing.
Ponderer	One who ponders.
Pondering	Deliberating.
Ponderosities	of Ponderosity
Ponderosity	The quality or state of being ponderous; weight; gravity; heaviness, ponderousness; as, the ponderosity of gold.
Ponderous	Very heavy; weighty; as, a ponderous shield; a ponderous load; the ponderous elephant.
Ponderous	Important; momentous; forcible.
Ponderous	Heavy; dull; wanting; lightless or spirit; as, a ponderous style; a ponderous joke.
Ponderously	In a ponderous manner.
Ponderousness	The quality or state of being ponderous; ponderosity.
Pondfish	Any one of numerous species of American fresh-water fishes belonging to the family Centrarchidae; -- called also pond perch, and sunfish.
Pondweed	Any aquatic plant of the genus Potamogeton, of which many species are found in ponds or slow-moving rivers.
Pone	A kind of johnnycake.
Ponent	Western; occidental.
Pongee	A fabric of undyed silk from India and China.
Ponghee	A Buddhist priest of the higher orders in Burmah.
Pongo	Any large ape; especially, the chimpanzee and the orang-outang.
Poniard	A kind of dagger, -- usually a slender one with a triangular or square blade.
Poniarded	of Poniard
Poniarding	of Poniard
Poniard	To pierce with a poniard; to stab.
Ponibility	The capability of being placed or located.
Pontes	of Pons
Pons	A bridge; -- applied to several parts which connect others, but especially to the pons Varolii, a prominent band of nervous tissue situated on the ventral side of the medulla oblongata and connected at each side with the hemispheres of the cerebellum; the mesocephalon. See Brain.
Pontage	A duty or tax paid for repairing bridges.
Pontee	An iron rod used by glass makers for manipulating the hot glass; -- called also, puntil, puntel, punty, and ponty. See Fascet.
Pontic	Of or pertaining to the Pontus, Euxine, or Black Sea.
Pontifices	of Pontifex
Pontifex	A high priest; a pontiff.
Pontiff	A high priest.
Pontiff	One of the sacred college, in ancient Rome, which had the supreme jurisdiction over all matters of religion, at the head of which was the Pontifex Maximus.
Pontiff	The chief priest.
Pontiff	The pope.
Pontific	Relating to, or consisting of, pontiffs or priests.
Pontific	Of or pertaining to the pope; papal.
Pontifical	Of or pertaining to a pontiff, or high priest; as, pontifical authority; hence, belonging to the pope; papal.
Pontifical	Of or pertaining to the building of bridges.
Pontifical	A book containing the offices, or formulas, used by a pontiff.
Pontifical	The dress and ornaments of a pontiff.
Pontificality	The state and government of the pope; the papacy.
Pontifically	In a pontifical manner.
Pontificate	The state or dignity of a high priest; specifically, the office of the pope.
Pontificate	The term of office of a pontiff.
Pontificate	To perform the duty of a pontiff.
Pontifice	Bridgework; structure or edifice of a bridge.
Pontificial	Papal; pontifical.
Pontifician	Of or pertaining to the pontiff or pope.
Pontifician	One who adheres to the pope or papacy; a papist.
Pontil	Same as Pontee.
Pontile	Of or pertaining to the pons Varolii. See Pons.
Pontine	Of or pertaining to an extensive marshy district between Rome and Naples.
Pontlevis	The action of a horse in rearing repeatedly and dangerously.
Ponton	See Pontoon.
Pontoon	A wooden flat-bottomed boat, a metallic cylinder, or a frame covered with canvas, India rubber, etc., forming a portable float, used in building bridges quickly for the passage of troops.
Pontoon	A low, flat vessel, resembling a barge, furnished with cranes, capstans, and other machinery, used in careening ships, raising weights, drawing piles, etc., chiefly in the Mediterranean; a lighter.
Pontooning	The act, art, or process of constructing pontoon bridges.
Ponvolant	A kind of light bridge, used in sieges, for surprising a post or outwork which has but a narrow moat; a flying bridge.
Ponty	See Pontee.
Ponies	of Pony
Pony	A small horse.
Pony	Twenty-five pounds sterling.
Pony	A translation or a key used to avoid study in getting lessons; a crib.
Pony	A small glass of beer.
Pood	A Russian weight, equal to forty Russian pounds or about thirty-six English pounds avoirdupois.
Poodle	A breed of dogs having curly hair, and often showing remarkable intelligence in the performance of tricks.
Pooh	Pshaw! pish! nonsense! -- an expression of scorn, dislike, or contempt.
Pooh-pooh	To make light of; to treat with derision or contempt, as if by saying pooh! pooh!
Pookoo	A red African antelope (Kobus Vardoni) allied to the water buck.
Pool	A small and rather deep collection of (usually) fresh water, as one supplied by a spring, or occurring in the course of a stream; a reservoir for water; as, the pools of Solomon.
Pool	A small body of standing or stagnant water; a puddle.
Pool	The stake played for in certain games of cards, billiards, etc.; an aggregated stake to which each player has contributed a snare; also, the receptacle for the stakes.
Pool	A game at billiards, in which each of the players stakes a certain sum, the winner taking the whole; also, in public billiard rooms, a game in which the loser pays the entrance fee for all who engage in the game; a game of skill in pocketing the balls on a pool table.
Pool	In rifle shooting, a contest in which each competitor pays a certain sum for every shot he makes, the net proceeds being divided among the winners.
Pool	Any gambling or commercial venture in which several persons join.
Pool	A combination of persons contributing money to be used for the purpose of increasing or depressing the market price of stocks, grain, or other commodities; also, the aggregate of the sums so contributed; as, the pool took all the wheat offered below the limit; he put $10,000 into the pool.
Pool	A mutual arrangement between competing lines, by which the receipts of all are aggregated, and then distributed pro rata according to agreement.
Pool	An aggregation of properties or rights, belonging to different people in a community, in a common fund, to be charged with common liabilities.
Pooled	of Pool
Pooling	of Pool
Pool	To put together; to contribute to a common fund, on the basis of a mutual division of profits or losses; to make a common interest of; as, the companies pooled their traffic.
Pool	To combine or contribute with others, as for a commercial, speculative, or gambling transaction.
Pooler	A stick for stirring a tan vat.
Pooling	The act of uniting, or an agreement to unite, an aggregation of properties belonging to different persons, with a view to common liabilities or profits.
Poon	A name for several East Indian, or their wood, used for the masts and spars of vessels, as Calophyllum angustifolium, C. inophullum, and Sterculia foetida; -- called also peon.
Poonac	A kind of oil cake prepared from the cocoanut. See Oil cake, under Cake.
Poonga oil	A kind of oil used in India for lamps, and for boiling with dammar for pitching vessels. It is pressed from the seeds of a leguminous tree (Pongamia glabra).
Poop	See 2d Poppy.
Pooped	of Poop
Pooping	of Poop
Poop	To make a noise; to pop; also, to break wind.
Poop	A deck raised above the after part of a vessel; the hindmost or after part of a vessel's hull; also, a cabin covered by such a deck. See Poop deck, under Deck. See also Roundhouse.
Poop	To break over the poop or stern, as a wave.
Poop	To strike in the stern, as by collision.
Pooped	Having a poop; furnished with a poop.
Pooped	Struck on the poop.
Pooping	The act or shock of striking a vessel's stern by a following wave or vessel.
Poor	Destitute of property; wanting in material riches or goods; needy; indigent.
Poor	So completely destitute of property as to be entitled to maintenance from the public.
Poor	Destitute of such qualities as are desirable, or might naturally be expected
Poor	Wanting in fat, plumpness, or fleshiness; lean; emaciated; meager; as, a poor horse, ox, dog, etc.
Poor	Wanting in strength or vigor; feeble; dejected; as, poor health; poor spirits.
Poor	Of little value or worth; not good; inferior; shabby; mean; as, poor clothes; poor lodgings.
Poor	Destitute of fertility; exhausted; barren; sterile; -- said of land; as, poor soil.
Poor	Destitute of beauty, fitness, or merit; as, a poor discourse; a poor picture.
Poor	Without prosperous conditions or good results; unfavorable; unfortunate; unconformable; as, a poor business; the sick man had a poor night.
Poor	Inadequate; insufficient; insignificant; as, a poor excuse.
Poor	Worthy of pity or sympathy; -- used also sometimes as a term of endearment, or as an expression of modesty, and sometimes as a word of contempt.
Poor	Free from self-assertion; not proud or arrogant; meek.
Poor	A small European codfish (Gadus minutus); -- called also power cod.
Poorbox	A receptacle in which money given for the poor is placed.
Poorhouse	A dwelling for a number of paupers maintained at public expense; an almshouse; a workhouse.
Poor-john	A small European fish, similar to the cod, but of inferior quality.
Poorliness	The quality or state of being poorly; ill health.
Poorly	In a poor manner or condition; without plenty, or sufficiency, or suitable provision for comfort; as, to live poorly.
Poorly	With little or no success; indifferently; with little profit or advantage; as, to do poorly in business.
Poorly	Meanly; without spirit.
Poorly	Without skill or merit; as, he performs poorly.
Poorly	Somewhat ill; indisposed; not in health.
Poorness	The quality or state of being poor (in any of the senses of the adjective).
Poor-spirited	Of a mean spirit; cowardly; base.
Poor-will	A bird of the Western United States (Phalaenoptilus Nutalli) allied to the whip-poor-will.
Poor-willie	The bar-tailed godwit.
Pop	A small, sharp, quick explosive sound or report; as, to go off with a pop.
Pop	An unintoxicating beverage which expels the cork with a pop from the bottle containing it; as, ginger pop; lemon pop, etc.
Pop	The European redwing.
Popped	of Pop
Popping	of Pop
Pop	To make a pop, or sharp, quick sound; as, the muskets popped away on all sides.
Pop	To enter, or issue forth, with a quick, sudden movement; to move from place to place suddenly; to dart; -- with in, out, upon, off, etc.
Pop	To burst open with a pop, when heated over a fire; as, this corn pops well.
Pop	To thrust or push suddenly; to offer suddenly; to bring suddenly and unexpectedly to notice; as, to pop one's head in at the door.
Pop	To cause to pop; to cause to burst open by heat, as grains of Indian corn; as, to pop corn or chestnuts.
Pop	Like a pop; suddenly; unexpectedly.
Pope	Any ecclesiastic, esp. a bishop.
Pope	The bishop of Rome, the head of the Roman Catholic Church. See Note under Cardinal.
Pope	A parish priest, or a chaplain, of the Greek Church.
Pope	A fish; the ruff.
Popedom	The place, office, or dignity of the pope; papal dignity.
Popedom	The jurisdiction of the pope.
Popeling	A petty or deputy pope.
Popeling	An adherent of the pope.
Popelote	A word variously explained as "a little puppet," "a little doll," or "a young butterfly." Cf. Popet.
Popery	The religion of the Roman Catholic Church, comprehending doctrines and practices; -- generally used in an opprobrious sense.
Popet	A puppet.
Popgun	A child's gun; a tube and rammer for shooting pellets, with a popping noise, by compression of air.
Popinjay	The green woodpecker.
Popinjay	A parrot.
Popinjay	A target in the form of a parrot.
Popinjay	A trifling, chattering, fop or coxcomb.
Popish	Of or pertaining to the pope; taught or ordained by the pope; hence, of or pertaining to the Roman Catholic Church; -- often used opprobriously.
Poplar	Any tree of the genus Populus; also, the timber, which is soft, and capable of many uses.
Poplar	The timber of the tulip tree; -- called also white poplar.
Poplexy	Apoplexy.
Poplin	A fabric of many varieties, usually made of silk and worsted, -- used especially for women's dresses.
Popliteal	Of or pertaining to the ham; in the region of the ham, or behind the knee joint; as, the popliteal space.
Poplitic	Popliteal.
Popper	A utensil for popping corn, usually a wire basket with a long handle.
Popper	A dagger.
Poppet	See Puppet.
Poppet	One of certain upright timbers on the bilge ways, used to support a vessel in launching.
Poppet	An upright support or guide fastened at the bottom only.
Poppied	Mingled or interspersed with poppies.
Poppied	Affected with poppy juice; hence, figuratively, drugged; drowsy; listless; inactive.
Popping	a. & n. from Pop.
Popple	To move quickly up and down; to bob up and down, as a cork on rough water; also, to bubble.
Popple	The poplar.
Popple	Tares.
Poppies	of Poppy
Poppy	Any plant or species of the genus Papaver, herbs with showy polypetalous flowers and a milky juice. From one species (Papaver somniferum) opium is obtained, though all the species contain it to some extent; also, a flower of the plant. See Illust. of Capsule.
Poppy	Alt. of Poppyhead
Poppyhead	A raised ornament frequently having the form of a final. It is generally used on the tops of the upright ends or elbows which terminate seats, etc., in Gothic churches.
Populace	The common people; the vulgar; the multitude, -- comprehending all persons not distinguished by rank, office, education, or profession.
Populacy	Populace.
Popular	Of or pertaining to the common people, or to the whole body of the people, as distinguished from a select portion; as, the popular voice; popular elections.
Popular	Suitable to common people; easy to be comprehended; not abstruse; familiar; plain.
Popular	Adapted to the means of the common people; possessed or obtainable by the many; hence, cheap; common; ordinary; inferior; as, popular prices; popular amusements.
Popular	Beloved or approved by the people; pleasing to people in general, or to many people; as, a popular preacher; a popular law; a popular administration.
Popular	Devoted to the common people; studious of the favor of the populace.
Popular	Prevailing among the people; epidemic; as, a popular disease.
Populares	The people or the people's party, in ancient Rome, as opposed to the optimates.
Popularities	of Popularity
Popularity	The quality or state of being popular; especially, the state of being esteemed by, or of being in favor with, the people at large; good will or favor proceeding from the people; as, the popularity of a law, statesman, or a book.
Popularity	The quality or state of being adapted or pleasing to common, poor, or vulgar people; hence, cheapness; inferiority; vulgarity.
Popularity	Something which obtains, or is intended to obtain, the favor of the vulgar; claptrap.
Popularity	The act of courting the favor of the people.
Popularity	Public sentiment; general passion.
Popularization	The act of making popular, or of introducing among the people.
Popularized	of Popularize
Popularizing	of Popularize
Popularize	To make popular; to make suitable or acceptable to the common people; to make generally known; as, to popularize philosophy.
Popularizer	One who popularizes.
Popularly	In a popular manner; so as to be generally favored or accepted by the people; commonly; currently; as, the story was popularity reported.
Popularness	The quality or state of being popular; popularity.
Populate	Populous.
Populated	of Populate
Populating	of Populate
Populate	To furnish with inhabitants, either by natural increase or by immigration or colonization; to cause to be inhabited; to people.
Populate	To propagate.
Population	The act or process of populating; multiplication of inhabitants.
Population	The whole number of people, or inhabitants, in a country, or portion of a country; as, a population of ten millions.
Populator	One who populates.
Populicide	Slaughter of the people.
Populin	A glycoside, related to salicin, found in the bark of certain species of the poplar (Populus), and extracted as a sweet white crystalline substance.
Populosity	Populousness.
Populous	Abounding in people; full of inhabitants; containing many inhabitants in proportion to the extent of the country.
Populous	Popular; famous.
Populous	Common; vulgar.
Populous	Numerous; in large number.
Poraille	Poor people; the poor.
Porbeagle	A species of shark (Lamna cornubica), about eight feet long, having a pointed nose and a crescent-shaped tail; -- called also mackerel shark.
Porcate	Having grooves or furrows broader than the intervening ridges; furrowed.
Porcelain	Purslain.
Porcelain	A fine translucent or semitransculent kind of earthenware, made first in China and Japan, but now also in Europe and America; -- called also China, or China ware.
Porcelainized	Baked like potter's lay; -- applied to clay shales that have been converted by heat into a substance resembling porcelain.
Porcelaneous	Alt. of Porcellaneous
Porcellaneous	Of or pertaining to porcelain; resembling porcelain; as, porcelaneous shells.
Porcellaneous	Having a smooth, compact shell without pores; -- said of certain Foraminifera.
Porcelanite	A semivitrified clay or shale, somewhat resembling jasper; -- called also porcelain jasper.
Porcelanous	Alt. of Porcellanous
Porcellanous	Porcelaneous.
Porch	A covered and inclosed entrance to a building, whether taken from the interior, and forming a sort of vestibule within the main wall, or projecting without and with a separate roof. Sometimes the porch is large enough to serve as a covered walk. See also Carriage porch, under Carriage, and Loggia.
Porch	A portico; a covered walk.
Porcine	Of or pertaining to swine; characteristic of the hog.
Porcupine	Any Old Word rodent of the genus Hystrix, having the back covered with long, sharp, erectile spines or quills, sometimes a foot long. The common species of Europe and Asia (Hystrix cristata) is the best known.
Porcupine	Any species of Erethizon and related genera, native of America. They are related to the true porcupines, but have shorter spines, and are arboreal in their habits. The Canada porcupine (Erethizon dorsatus) is a well known species.
Pore	One of the minute orifices in an animal or vegetable membrane, for transpiration, absorption, etc.
Pore	A minute opening or passageway; an interstice between the constituent particles or molecules of a body; as, the pores of stones.
Pored	of Pore
Poring	of Pore
Pore	To look or gaze steadily in reading or studying; to fix the attention; to be absorbed; -- often with on or upon, and now usually with over.
Poreblind	Nearsighted; shortsighted; purblind.
Porer	One who pores.
Porgies	of Porgy
Porgy	The scup.
Porgy	The sailor's choice, or pinfish.
Porgy	The margate fish.
Porgy	The spadefish.
Porgy	Any one of several species of embiotocoids, or surf fishes, of the Pacific coast. The name is also given locally to several other fishes, as the bur fish.
Porifera	A grand division of the Invertebrata, including the sponges; -- called also Spongiae, Spongida, and Spongiozoa. The principal divisions are Calcispongiae, Keratosa or Fibrospongiae, and Silicea.
Poriferan	One of the Polifera.
Poriferata	The Polifera.
Poriform	Resembling a pore, or small puncture.
Porime	A theorem or proposition so easy of demonstration as to be almost self-evident.
Poriness	Porosity.
Porism	A proposition affirming the possibility of finding such conditions as will render a certain determinate problem indeterminate or capable of innumerable solutions.
Porism	A corollary.
Porismatic	Alt. of Porismatical
Porismatical	Of or pertaining to a porism; poristic.
Poristic	Alt. of Poristical
Poristical	Of or pertaining to a porism; of the nature of a porism.
Porite	Any coral of the genus Porites, or family Poritidae.
Porites	An important genus of reef-building corals having small twelve-rayed calicles, and a very porous coral. Some species are branched, others grow in large massive or globular forms.
Pork	The flesh of swine, fresh or salted, used for food.
Porker	A hog.
Porket	A young hog; a pig.
Porkling	A pig; a porket.
Porkwood	The coarse-grained brownish yellow wood of a small tree (Pisonia obtusata) of Florida and the West Indies. Also called pigeon wood, beefwood, and corkwood.
Pornerastic	Lascivious; licentious.
Pornographic	Of or pertaining to pornography; lascivious; licentious; as, pornographic writing.
Pornography	Licentious painting or literature; especially, the painting anciently employed to decorate the walls of rooms devoted to bacchanalian orgies.
Pornography	A treatise on prostitutes, or prostitution.
Porosity	The quality or state of being porous; -- opposed to density.
Porotic	A medicine supposed to promote the formation of callus.
Porous	Full of pores; having interstices in the skin or in the substance of the body; having spiracles or passages for fluids; permeable by liquids; as, a porous skin; porous wood.
Porously	In a porous manner.
Porousness	The quality of being porous.
Porousness	The open parts; the interstices of anything.
Porpentine	Porcupine.
Porpesse	A porpoise.
Porphyraceous	Porphyritic.
Porphyre	Porphyry.
Porphyrite	A rock with a porphyritic structure; as, augite porphyrite.
Porphyritic	Relating to, or resembling, porphyry, that is, characterized by the presence of distinct crystals, as of feldspar, quartz, or augite, in a relatively fine-grained base, often aphanitic or cryptocrystalline.
Porphyrization	The act of porphyrizing, or the state of being porphyrized.
Porphyrize	To cause to resemble porphyry; to make spotted in composition, like porphyry.
Porphyrogenitism	The principle of succession in royal families, especially among the Eastern Roman emperors, by which a younger son, if born after the accession of his father to the throne, was preferred to an elder son who was not so born.
Porphyries	of Porphyry
Porphyry	A term used somewhat loosely to designate a rock consisting of a fine-grained base (usually feldspathic) through which crystals, as of feldspar or quartz, are disseminated. There are red, purple, and green varieties, which are highly esteemed as marbles.
Porpita	A genus of bright-colored Siphonophora found floating in the warmer parts of the ocean. The individuals are round and disk-shaped, with a large zooid in the center of the under side, surrounded by smaller nutritive and reproductive zooids, and by slender dactylozooids near the margin. The disk contains a central float, or pneumatocyst.
Porpoise	Any small cetacean of the genus Phocaena, especially P. communis, or P. phocaena, of Europe, and the closely allied American species (P. Americana). The color is dusky or blackish above, paler beneath. They are closely allied to the dolphins, but have a shorter snout. Called also harbor porpoise, herring hag, puffing pig, and snuffer.
Porpoise	A true dolphin (Delphinus); -- often so called by sailors.
Porporino	A composition of quicksilver, tin, and sulphur, forming a yellow powder, sometimes used by mediaeval artists, for the sake of economy, instead of gold.
Porpus	A porpoise.
Porraceous	Resembling the leek in color; greenish.
Porrect	Extended horizontally; stretched out.
Porrection	The act of stretching forth.
Porret	A scallion; a leek or small onion.
Porridge	A food made by boiling some leguminous or farinaceous substance, or the meal of it, in water or in milk, making of broth or thin pudding; as, barley porridge, milk porridge, bean porridge, etc.
Porringer	A porridge dish; esp., a bowl or cup from which children eat or are fed; as, a silver porringer.
Port	A dark red or purple astringent wine made in Portugal. It contains a large percentage of alcohol.
Port	A place where ships may ride secure from storms; a sheltered inlet, bay, or cove; a harbor; a haven. Used also figuratively.
Port	In law and commercial usage, a harbor where vessels are admitted to discharge and receive cargoes, from whence they depart and where they finish their voyages.
Port	A passageway; an opening or entrance to an inclosed place; a gate; a door; a portal.
Port	An opening in the side of a vessel; an embrasure through which cannon may be discharged; a porthole; also, the shutters which close such an opening.
Port	A passageway in a machine, through which a fluid, as steam, water, etc., may pass, as from a valve to the interior of the cylinder of a steam engine; an opening in a valve seat, or valve face.
Ported	of Port
Porting	of Port
Port	To carry; to bear; to transport.
Port	To throw, as a musket, diagonally across the body, with the lock in front, the right hand grasping the small of the stock, and the barrel sloping upward and crossing the point of the left shoulder; as, to port arms.
Port	The manner in which a person bears himself; deportment; carriage; bearing; demeanor; hence, manner or style of living; as, a proud port.
Port	The larboard or left side of a ship (looking from the stern toward the bow); as, a vessel heels to port. See Note under Larboard. Also used adjectively.
Port	To turn or put to the left or larboard side of a ship; -- said of the helm, and used chiefly in the imperative, as a command; as, port your helm.
Portae	of Porta
Porta	The part of the liver or other organ where its vessels and nerves enter; the hilus.
Porta	The foramen of Monro.
Portability	The quality or state of being portable; fitness to be carried.
Portable	Capable of being borne or carried; easily transported; conveyed without difficulty; as, a portable bed, desk, engine.
Portable	Possible to be endured; supportable.
Portableness	The quality or state of being portable; portability.
Portace	See Portass.
Portage	A sailor's wages when in port.
Portage	The amount of a sailor's wages for a voyage.
Portage	A porthole.
Portage	The act of carrying or transporting.
Portage	The price of carriage; porterage.
Portage	Capacity for carrying; tonnage.
Portage	A carry between navigable waters. See 3d Carry.
Portage	To carry (goods, boats, etc.) overland between navigable waters.
Portage group	A subdivision of the Chemung period in American geology. See Chart of Geology.
Portague	A Portuguese gold coin formerly current, and variously estimated to be worth from three and one half to four and one half pounds sterling.
Portal	A door or gate; hence, a way of entrance or exit, especially one that is grand and imposing.
Portal	The lesser gate, where there are two of different dimensions.
Portal	Formerly, a small square corner in a room separated from the rest of the apartment by wainscoting, forming a short passage to another apartment.
Portal	By analogy with the French portail, used by recent writers for the whole architectural composition which surrounds and includes the doorways and porches of a church.
Portal	The space, at one end, between opposite trusses when these are terminated by inclined braces.
Portal	A prayer book or breviary; a portass.
Portal	Of or pertaining to a porta, especially the porta of the liver; as, the portal vein, which enters the liver at the porta, and divides into capillaries after the manner of an artery.
Portamento	In singing, or in the use of the bow, a gradual carrying or lifting of the voice or sound very smoothly from one note to another; a gliding from tone to tone.
Portance	See Port, carriage, demeanor.
Portass	A breviary; a prayer book.
Portate	Borne not erect, but diagonally athwart an escutcheon; as, a cross portate.
Portative	Portable.
Portative	Capable of holding up or carrying; as, the portative force of a magnet, of atmospheric pressure, or of capillarity.
Portcluse	A portcullis.
Portcrayon	A metallic handle with a clasp for holding a crayon.
Portcullis	A grating of iron or of timbers pointed with iron, hung over the gateway of a fortress, to be let down to prevent the entrance of an enemy.
Portcullis	An English coin of the reign of Elizabeth, struck for the use of the East India Company; -- so called from its bearing the figure of a portcullis on the reverse.
Portcullised	of Portcullis
Portcullising	of Portcullis
Portcullis	To obstruct with, or as with, a portcullis; to shut; to bar.
Porte	The Ottoman court; the government of the Turkish empire, officially called the Sublime Porte, from the gate (port) of the sultan's palace at which justice was administered.
Porte-cochere	A large doorway allowing vehicles to drive into or through a building. It is common to have the entrance door open upon the passage of the porte-cochere. Also, a porch over a driveway before an entrance door.
Ported	Having gates.
Portegue	See Portague.
Portemonnaie	A small pocketbook or wallet for carrying money.
Portended	of Portend
Portending	of Portend
Portend	To indicate (events, misfortunes, etc.) as in future; to foreshow; to foretoken; to bode; -- now used esp. of unpropitious signs.
Portend	To stretch out before.
Portension	The act of foreshowing; foreboding.
Portent	That which portends, or foretoken; esp., that which portends evil; a sign of coming calamity; an omen; a sign.
Portentive	Presaging; foreshadowing.
Portentous	Of the nature of a portent; containing portents; foreshadowing, esp. foreshadowing ill; ominous.
Portentous	Hence: Monstrous; prodigious; wonderful; dreadful; as, a beast of portentous size.
Porter	A man who has charge of a door or gate; a doorkeeper; one who waits at the door to receive messages.
Porter	A carrier; one who carries or conveys burdens, luggage, etc.; for hire.
Porter	A bar of iron or steel at the end of which a forging is made; esp., a long, large bar, to the end of which a heavy forging is attached, and by means of which the forging is lifted and handled in hammering and heating; -- called also porter bar.
Porter	A malt liquor, of a dark color and moderately bitter taste, possessing tonic and intoxicating qualities.
Porterage	The work of a porter; the occupation of a carrier or of a doorkeeper.
Porterage	Money charged or paid for the carriage of burdens or parcels by a porter.
Porteress	See Portress.
Porterhouse	A house where porter is sold.
Portesse	See Porteass.
Portfire	A case of strong paper filled with a composition of niter, sulphur, and mealed powder, -- used principally to ignite the priming in proving guns, and as an incendiary material in shells.
Portfolio	A portable case for holding loose papers, prints, drawings, etc.
Portfolio	Hence: The office and functions of a minister of state or member of the cabinet; as, to receive the portfolio of war; to resign the portfolio.
Portglave	A sword bearer.
Portgreve	Alt. of Portgrave
Portgrave	In old English law, the chief magistrate of a port or maritime town.; a portreeve.
Porthole	An embrasure in a ship's side. See 3d Port.
Porthook	One of the iron hooks to which the port hinges are attached.
Porthors	See Portass.
Porticoes	of Portico
Porticos	of Portico
Portico	A colonnade or covered ambulatory, especially in classical styles of architecture; usually, a colonnade at the entrance of a building.
Porticoed	Furnished with a portico.
Portiere	A curtain hanging across a doorway.
Portigue	See Portague.
Portingal	Of or pertaining to Portugal; Portuguese.
Portingal	A Portuguese.
Portion	That which is divided off or separated, as a part from a whole; a separated part of anything.
Portion	A part considered by itself, though not actually cut off or separated from the whole.
Portion	A part assigned; allotment; share; fate.
Portion	The part of an estate given to a child or heir, or descending to him by law, and distributed to him in the settlement of the estate; an inheritance.
Portion	A wife's fortune; a dowry.
Portioned	of Portion
Portioning	of Portion
Portion	To separate or divide into portions or shares; to parcel; to distribute.
Portion	To endow with a portion or inheritance.
Portioner	One who portions.
Portioner	See Portionist, 2.
Portionist	A scholar at Merton College, Oxford, who has a certain academical allowance or portion; -- corrupted into postmaster.
Portionist	One of the incumbents of a benefice which has two or more rectors or vicars.
Portionless	Having no portion.
Portise	See Portass.
Portland cement	A cement having the color of the Portland stone of England, made by calcining an artificial mixture of carbonate of lime and clay, or sometimes certain natural limestones or chalky clays. It contains a large proportion of clay, and hardens under water.
Portland stone	A yellowish-white calcareous freestone from the Isle of Portland in England, much used in building.
Portland vase	A celebrated cinerary urn or vase found in the tomb of the Emperor Alexander Severus. It is owned by the Duke of Portland, and kept in the British Museum.
Portlast	The portoise. See Portoise.
Portliness	The quality or state of being portly; dignity of mien or of personal appearance; stateliness.
Portliness	Bulkiness; corpulence.
Portly	Having a dignified port or mien; of a noble appearance; imposing.
Portly	Bulky; corpulent.
Portmen	of Portman
Portman	An inhabitant or burgess of a port, esp. of one of the Cinque Ports.
Portmanteaus	of Portmanteau
Portmanteau	A bag or case, usually of leather, for carrying wearing apparel, etc., on journeys.
Portmantle	A portmanteau.
Portmote	In old English law, a court, or mote, held in a port town.
Portoir	One who, or that which, bears; hence, one who, or that which, produces.
Portoise	The gunwale of a ship.
Portos	See Portass.
Portpane	A cloth for carrying bread, so as not to touch it with the hands.
Portrait	The likeness of a person, painted, drawn, or engraved; commonly, a representation of the human face painted from real life.
Portrait	Hence, any graphic or vivid delineation or description of a person; as, a portrait in words.
Portrait	To portray; to draw.
Portraitist	A portrait painter.
Portraiture	A portrait; a likeness; a painted resemblance; hence, that which is copied from some example or model.
Portraiture	Pictures, collectively; painting.
Portraiture	The art or practice of making portraits.
Portraiture	To represent by a portrait, or as by a portrait; to portray.
portrayed	of Portray
Portraying	of Portray
Portray	To paint or draw the likeness of; as, to portray a king on horseback.
Portray	Hence, figuratively, to describe in words.
Portray	To adorn with pictures.
Portrayal	The act or process of portraying; description; delineation.
Portrayer	One who portrays.
Portreeve	A port warden.
Portress	A female porter.
Port-royalist	One of the dwellers in the Cistercian convent of Port Royal des Champs, near Paris, when it was the home of the Jansenists in the 17th century, among them being Arnauld, Pascal, and other famous scholars.  Cf. Jansenist.
Portsale	Public or open sale; auction.
Portuary	A breviary.
Portuguese	Of or pertaining to Portugal, or its inhabitants.
Portuguese	A native or inhabitant of Portugal; people of Portugal.
Portulaca	A genus of polypetalous plants; also, any plant of the genus.
Portulacaceous	Of or pertaining to a natural order of plants (Portulacaceae), of which Portulaca is the type, and which includes also the spring beauty (Claytonia) and other genera.
Porwigle	See Polliwig.
Pory	Porous; as, pory stone. [R.] Dryden.
Pose	Standing still, with all the feet on the ground; -- said of the attitude of a lion, horse, or other beast.
Pose	A cold in the head; catarrh.
Pose	The attitude or position of a person; the position of the body or of any member of the body; especially, a position formally assumed for the sake of effect; an artificial position; as, the pose of an actor; the pose of an artist's model or of a statue.
Posed	of Pose
Posing	of Pose
Pose	To place in an attitude or fixed position, for the sake of effect; to arrange the posture and drapery of (a person) in a studied manner; as, to pose a model for a picture; to pose a sitter for a portrait.
Pose	To assume and maintain a studied attitude, with studied arrangement of drapery; to strike an attitude; to attitudinize; figuratively, to assume or affect a certain character; as, she poses as a prude.
Pose	To interrogate; to question.
Pose	To question with a view to puzzling; to embarrass by questioning or scrutiny; to bring to a stand.
Posed	Firm; determined; fixed.
Poser	One who, or that which, puzzles; a difficult or inexplicable question or fact.
Posied	Inscribed with a posy.
Posingly	So as to pose or puzzle.
Posited	of Posit
Positing	of Posit
Posit	To dispose or set firmly or fixedly; to place or dispose in relation to other objects.
Posit	To assume as real or conceded; as, to posit a principle.
Position	The state of being posited, or placed; the manner in which anything is placed; attitude; condition; as, a firm, an inclined, or an upright position.
Position	The spot where a person or thing is placed or takes a place; site; place; station; situation; as, the position of man in creation; the fleet changed its position.
Position	Hence: The ground which any one takes in an argument or controversy; the point of view from which any one proceeds to a discussion; also, a principle laid down as the basis of reasoning; a proposition; a thesis; as, to define one's position; to appear in a false position.
Position	Relative place or standing; social or official rank; as, a person of position; hence, office; post; as, to lose one's position.
Position	A method of solving a problem by one or two suppositions; -- called also the rule of trial and error.
Position	To indicate the position of; to place.
Positional	Of or pertaining to position.
Positive	Having a real position, existence, or energy; existing in fact; real; actual; -- opposed to negative.
Positive	Derived from an object by itself; not dependent on changing circumstances or relations; absolute; -- opposed to relative; as, the idea of beauty is not positive, but depends on the different tastes individuals.
Positive	Definitely laid down; explicitly stated; clearly expressed; -- opposed to implied; as, a positive declaration or promise.
Positive	Hence: Not admitting of any doubt, condition, qualification, or discretion; not dependent on circumstances or probabilities; not speculative; compelling assent or obedience; peremptory; indisputable; decisive; as, positive instructions; positive truth; positive proof.
Positive	Prescribed by express enactment or institution; settled by arbitrary appointment; said of laws.
Positive	Fully assured; confident; certain; sometimes, overconfident; dogmatic; overbearing; -- said of persons.
Positive	Having the power of direct action or influence; as, a positive voice in legislation.
Positive	Corresponding with the original in respect to the position of lights and shades, instead of having the lights and shades reversed; as, a positive picture.
Positive	Electro-positive.
Positive	Hence, basic; metallic; not acid; -- opposed to negative, and said of metals, bases, and basic radicals.
Positive	That which is capable of being affirmed; reality.
Positive	That which settles by absolute appointment.
Positive	The positive degree or form.
Positive	A picture in which the lights and shades correspond in position with those of the original, instead of being reversed, as in a negative.
Positive	The positive plate of a voltaic or electrolytic cell.
Positively	In a positive manner; absolutely; really; expressly; with certainty; indubitably; peremptorily; dogmatically; -- opposed to negatively.
Positiveness	The quality or state of being positive; reality; actualness; certainty; confidence; peremptoriness; dogmatism. See Positive, a.
Positivism	A system of philosophy originated by M. Auguste Comte, which deals only with positives. It excludes from philosophy everything but the natural phenomena or properties of knowable things, together with their invariable relations of coexistence and succession, as occurring in time and space. Such relations are denominated laws, which are to be discovered by observation, experiment, and comparison. This philosophy holds all inquiry into causes, both efficient and final, to be useless and unprofitable.
Positivist	A believer in positivism.
Positivist	Relating to positivism.
Positivity	Positiveness.
Positure	See Posture.
Posnet	A little basin; a porringer; a skillet.
Posologic	Alt. of Posological
Posological	Pertaining to posology.
Posology	The science or doctrine of doses; dosology.
Pospolite	A kind of militia in Poland, consisting of the gentry, which, in case of invasion, was summoned to the defense of the country.
Poss	To push; to dash; to throw.
Posse	See Posse comitatus.
Posse comitatus	The power of the county, or the citizens who may be summoned by the sheriff to assist the authorities in suppressing a riot, or executing any legal precept which is forcibly opposed.
Posse comitatus	A collection of people; a throng; a rabble.
Possessed	of Possess
Possessing	of Possess
Possess	To occupy in person; to hold or actually have in one's own keeping; to have and to hold.
Possess	To have the legal title to; to have a just right to; to be master of; to own; to have; as, to possess property, an estate, a book.
Possess	To obtain occupation or possession of; to accomplish; to gain; to seize.
Possess	To enter into and influence; to control the will of; to fill; to affect; -- said especially of evil spirits, passions, etc.
Possess	To put in possession; to make the owner or holder of property, power, knowledge, etc.; to acquaint; to inform; -- followed by of or with before the thing possessed, and now commonly used reflexively.
Possession	The act or state of possessing, or holding as one's own.
Possession	The having, holding, or detention of property in one's power or command; actual seizin or occupancy; ownership, whether rightful or wrongful.
Possession	The thing possessed; that which any one occupies, owns, or controls; in the plural, property in the aggregate; wealth; dominion; as, foreign possessions.
Possession	The state of being possessed or controlled, as by an evil spirit, or violent passions; madness; frenzy; as, demoniacal possession.
Possession	To invest with property.
Possessionary	Of or pertaining to possession; arising from possession.
Possessioner	A possessor; a property holder.
Possessioner	An invidious name for a member of any religious community endowed with property in lands, buildings, etc., as contrasted with mendicant friars.
Possessival	Of or pertaining to the possessive case; as, a possessival termination.
Possessive	Of or pertaining to possession; having or indicating possession.
Possessive	The possessive case.
Possessive	A possessive pronoun, or a word in the possessive case.
Possessively	In a possessive manner.
Possessor	One who possesses; one who occupies, holds, owns, or controls; one who has actual participation or enjoyment, generally of that which is desirable; a proprietor.
Possessory	Of or pertaining to possession, either as a fact or a right; of the nature of possession; as, a possessory interest; a possessory lord.
Posset	A beverage composed of hot milk curdled by some strong infusion, as by wine, etc., -- much in favor formerly.
Posseted	of Posset
Posseting	of Posset
Posset	To curdle; to turn, as milk; to coagulate; as, to posset the blood.
Posset	To treat with possets; to pamper.
Possibilities	of Possibility
Possibility	The quality or state of being possible; the power of happening, being, or existing.
Possibility	That which is possible; a contingency; a thing or event that may not happen; a contingent interest, as in real or personal estate.
Possible	Capable of existing or occurring, or of being conceived or thought of; able to happen; capable of being done; not contrary to the nature of things; -- sometimes used to express extreme improbability; barely able to be, or to come to pass; as, possibly he is honest, as it is possible that Judas meant no wrong.
Possibly	In a possible manner; by possible means; especially, by extreme, remote, or improbable intervention, change, or exercise of power; by a chance; perhaps; as, possibly he may recover.
Possum	An opossum.
Post-	A prefix signifying behind, back, after; as, postcommissure, postdot, postscript.
Post	Hired to do what is wrong; suborned.
Post	A piece of timber, metal, or other solid substance, fixed, or to be fixed, firmly in an upright position, especially when intended as a stay or support to something else; a pillar; as, a hitching post; a fence post; the posts of a house.
Post	The doorpost of a victualer's shop or inn, on which were chalked the scores of customers; hence, a score; a debt.
Post	The place at which anything is stopped, placed, or fixed; a station.
Post	A station, or one of a series of stations, established for the refreshment and accommodation of travelers on some recognized route; as, a stage or railway post.
Post	A military station; the place at which a soldier or a body of troops is stationed; also, the troops at such a station.
Post	The piece of ground to which a sentinel's walk is limited.
Post	A messenger who goes from station; an express; especially, one who is employed by the government to carry letters and parcels regularly from one place to another; a letter carrier; a postman.
Post	An established conveyance for letters from one place or station to another; especially, the governmental system in any country for carrying and distributing letters and parcels; the post office; the mail; hence, the carriage by which the mail is transported.
Post	Haste or speed, like that of a messenger or mail carrier.
Post	One who has charge of a station, especially of a postal station.
Post	A station, office, or position of service, trust, or emolument; as, the post of duty; the post of danger.
Post	A size of printing and writing paper. See the Table under Paper.
Posted	of Post
Posting	of Post
Post	To attach to a post, a wall, or other usual place of affixing public notices; to placard; as, to post a notice; to post playbills.
Post	To hold up to public blame or reproach; to advertise opprobriously; to denounce by public proclamation; as, to post one for cowardice.
Post	To enter (a name) on a list, as for service, promotion, or the like.
Post	To assign to a station; to set; to place; as, to post a sentinel.
Post	To carry, as an account, from the journal to the ledger; as, to post an account; to transfer, as accounts, to the ledger.
Post	To place in the care of the post; to mail; as, to post a letter.
Post	To inform; to give the news to; to make (one) acquainted with the details of a subject; -- often with up.
Post	To travel with post horses; figuratively, to travel in haste.
Post	To rise and sink in the saddle, in accordance with the motion of the horse, esp. in trotting.
Post	With post horses; hence, in haste; as, to travel post.
Post-abdomen	That part of a crustacean behind the cephalothorax; -- more commonly called abdomen.
Postable	Capable of being carried by, or as by, post.
Postact	An act done afterward.
Postage	The price established by law to be paid for the conveyance of a letter or other mailable matter by a public post.
Postal	Belonging to the post office or mail service; as, postal arrangements; postal authorities.
Postanal	Situated behind, or posterior to, the anus.
Postaxial	Situated behind any transverse axis in the body of an animal; caudal; posterior; especially, behind, or on the caudal or posterior (that is, ulnar or fibular) side of, the axis of a vertebrate limb.
Postboy	One who rides post horses; a position; a courier.
Postboy	A boy who carries letters from the post.
Post-captain	A captain of a war vessel whose name appeared, or was "posted," in the seniority list of the British navy, as distinguished from a commander whose name was not so posted. The term was also used in the United States navy; but no such commission as post-captain was ever recognized in either service, and the term has fallen into disuse.
Postcavae	of Postcava
Postcava	The inferior vena cava.
Postclavicle	A bone in the pectoral girdle of many fishes projecting backward from the clavicle.
Postcommissure	A transverse commisure in the posterior part of the roof of the third ventricle of the brain; the posterior cerebral commisure.
Postcomminion	The concluding portion of the communion service.
Postcomminion	A prayer or prayers which the priest says at Mass, after the ablutions.
Postcornua	of Postcornu
Postcornu	The posterior horn of each lateral ventricle of the brain.
Postdated	of Postdate
Postdating	of Postdate
Postdate	To date after the real time; as, to postdate a contract, that is, to date it later than the time when it was in fact made.
Postdate	To affix a date to after the event.
Postdate	Made or done after the date assigned.
Postdate	A date put to a bill of exchange or other paper, later than that when it was actually made.
Postdiluvial	Alt. of Postdiluvian
Postdiluvian	Being or happening after the flood in Noah's days.
Postdiluvian	One who lived after the flood.
Post-disseizin	A subsequent disseizin committed by one of lands which the disseizee had before recovered of the same disseizor; a writ founded on such subsequent disseizin, now abolished.
Post-disseizor	A person who disseizes another of lands which the disseizee had before recovered of the same disseizor.
Postea	The return of the judge before whom a cause was tried, after a verdict, of what was done in the cause, which is indorsed on the nisi prius record.
Postel	Apostle.
Postencephalon	The metencephalon.
Postentry	A second or subsequent, at the customhouse, of goods which had been omitted by mistake.
Postentry	An additional or subsequent entry.
Poster	A large bill or placard intended to be posted in public places.
Poster	One who posts bills; a billposter.
Poster	One who posts, or travels expeditiously; a courier.
Poster	A post horse.
Posterior	Later in time; hence, later in the order of proceeding or moving; coming after; -- opposed to prior.
Posterior	Situated behind; hinder; -- opposed to anterior.
Posterior	At or toward the caudal extremity; caudal; -- in human anatomy often used for dorsal.
Posterior	On the side next the axis of inflorescence; -- said of an axillary flower.
Posteriority	The state of being later or subsequent; as, posteriority of time, or of an event; -- opposed to priority.
Posteriorly	Subsequently in time; also, behind in position.
Posteriors	The hinder parts, as of an animal's body.
Posterity	The race that proceeds from a progenitor; offspring to the furthest generation; the aggregate number of persons who are descended from an ancestor of a generation; descendants; -- contrasted with ancestry; as, the posterity of Abraham.
Posterity	Succeeding generations; future times.
Postern	Originally, a back door or gate; a private entrance; hence, any small door or gate.
Postern	A subterraneous passage communicating between the parade and the main ditch, or between the ditches and the interior of the outworks.
Postern	Back; being behind; private.
Postero	- (/). A combining form meaning posterior, back; as, postero-inferior, situated back and below; postero-lateral, situated back and at the side.
Postexist	To exist after; to live subsequently.
Postexistence	Subsequent existence.
Postexistent	Existing or living after.
Postfact	Relating to a fact that occurs after another.
Postfact	A fact that occurs after another.
Postfactum	Same as Postfact.
Post-fine	A duty paid to the king by the cognizee in a fine of lands, when the same was fully passed; -- called also the king's silver.
Postfixes	of Postfix
Postfix	A letter, syllable, or word, added to the end of another word; a suffix.
Postfix	To annex; specifically (Gram.), to add or annex, as a letter, syllable, or word, to the end of another or principal word; to suffix.
Postfrontal	Situated behind the frontal bone or the frontal region of the skull; -- applied especially to a bone back of and below the frontal in many animals.
Postfrontal	A postfrontal bone.
Postfurcae	of Postfurca
Postfurca	One of the internal thoracic processes of the sternum of an insect.
Postgeniture	The condition of being born after another in the same family; -- distinguished from primogeniture.
Postglenoid	Situated behind the glenoid fossa of the temporal bone.
Posthaste	Haste or speed in traveling, like that of a post or courier.
Posthaste	With speed or expedition; as, he traveled posthaste; to send posthaste.
Posthetomy	Circumcision.
Posthouse	A house established for the convenience of the post, where relays of horses can be obtained.
Posthouse	A house for distributing the malls; a post office.
Posthume	Alt. of Posthumed
Posthumed	Posthumous.
Posthumous	Born after the death of the father, or taken from the dead body of the mother; as, a posthumous son or daughter.
Posthumous	Published after the death of the author; as, posthumous works; a posthumous edition.
Posthumous	Being or continuing after one's death; as, a posthumous reputation.
Posthumously	In a posthumous manner; after one's decease.
Postic	Backward.
Postticous	Posterior.
Postticous	Situated on the outer side of a filament; -- said of an extrorse anther.
Postil	Originally, an explanatory note in the margin of the Bible, so called because written after the text; hence, a marginal note; a comment.
Postil	A short homily or commentary on a passage of Scripture; as, the first postils were composed by order of Charlemagne.
Postil	To write marginal or explanatory notes on; to gloss.
Postiled	of Postil
Postilled	of Postil
Postiling	of Postil
Postilling	of Postil
Postil	To write postils, or marginal notes; to comment; to postillate.
Postiler	One who writers marginal notes; one who illustrates the text of a book by notes in the margin.
Postilion	One who rides and guides the first pair of horses of a coach or post chaise; also, one who rides one of the horses when one pair only is used.
Postillate	To explain by marginal notes; to postil.
Postillate	To write postils; to comment.
Postillate	To preach by expounding Scripture verse by verse, in regular order.
Postillation	The act of postillating; exposition of Scripture in preaching.
Postillator	One who postillates; one who expounds the Scriptures verse by verse.
Posttiller	See Postiler.
Posting	The act of traveling post.
Posting	The act of transferring an account, as from the journal to the ledger.
Postliminiar	Contrived, done, or existing subsequently.
Postliminiary	Pertaining to, or involving, the right of postliminium.
Postliminium	Alt. of Postliminy
Postliminy	The return to his own country, and his former privileges, of a person who had gone to sojourn in a foreign country, or had been banished, or taken by an enemy.
Postliminy	The right by virtue of which persons and things taken by an enemy in war are restored to their former state when coming again under the power of the nation to which they belonged.
Postlude	A voluntary at the end of a service.
Postmen	of Postman
Postman	A post or courier; a letter carrier.
Postman	One of the two most experienced barristers in the Court of Exchequer, who have precedence in motions; -- so called from the place where he sits. The other of the two is called the tubman.
Postmark	The mark, or stamp, of a post office on a letter, giving the place and date of mailing or of arrival.
Postmarked	of Postmark
Postmarking	of Postmark
Postmark	To mark with a post-office stamp; as, to postmark a letter or parcel.
Postmaster	One who has charge of a station for the accommodation of travelers; one who supplies post horses.
Postmaster	One who has charge of a post office, and the distribution and forwarding of mails.
Postmasters-general	of Postmaster-general
Postmaster-general	The chief officer of the post-office department of a government. In the United States the postmaster-general is a member of the cabinet.
Postmastership	The office of postmaster.
Postmeridian	Coming after the sun has passed the meridian; being in, or belonging to, the afternoon. (Abbrev. P. M.)
Postmeridian	Fig., belonging to the after portion of life; late.
Post-mortem	After death; as, post-mortem rigidity.
Postnares	The posterior nares. See Nares.
Postnatal	After birth; subsequent to birth; as, postnatal infanticide; postnatal diseases.
Postnate	Subsequent.
Post note	A note issued by a bank, payable at some future specified time, as distinguished from a note payable on demand.
Postnuptial	Being or happening after marriage; as, a postnuptial settlement on a wife.
Post-obit	Alt. of Post-obit bond
Post-obit bond	A bond in which the obligor, in consideration of having received a certain sum of money, binds himself to pay a larger sum, on unusual interest, on the death of some specified individual from whom he has expectations.
Postoblongata	The posterior part of the medulla oblongata.
Postocular	Same as Postorbital.
Post office	See under 4th Post.
Postoral	Situated behind, or posterior to, the mouth.
Postorbital	Situated behind the orbit; as, the postorbital scales of some fishes and reptiles.
Postorbital	A postorbital bone or scale.
Postpaid	Having the postage prepaid, as a letter.
Postpalatine	Situated behind the palate, or behind the palatine bones.
Postpliocene	Of or pertaining to the period immediately following the Pliocene; Pleistocene. Also used as a noun. See Quaternary.
Postponed	of Postpone
Postponing	of Postpone
Postpone	To defer to a future or later time; to put off; also, to cause to be deferred or put off; to delay; to adjourn; as, to postpone the consideration of a bill to the following day, or indefinitely.
Postpone	To place after, behind, or below something, in respect to precedence, preference, value, or importance.
Postponement	The act of postponing; a deferring, or putting off, to a future time; a temporary delay.
Postponence	The act of postponing, in sense 2.
Postponer	One who postpones.
Postposed	of Postpose
Postposing	of Postpose
Postpose	To postpone.
Postposit	To postpone.
Postposition	The act of placing after, or the state of being placed after.
Postposition	A word or particle placed after, or at the end of, another word; -- distinguished from preposition.
Postpositional	Of or pertaining to postposition.
Postpositive	Placed after another word; as, a postpositive conjunction; a postpositive letter.
Postprandial	Happening, or done, after dinner; after-dinner; as, postprandial speeches.
Postremogeniture	The right of the youngest born.
Postremote	More remote in subsequent time or order.
Postrider	One who rides over a post road to carry the mails.
Postscapula	The part of the scapula behind or below the spine, or mesoscapula.
Postscapular	Of or pertaining to the postscapula; infraspinous.
Postscenium	The part of a theater behind the scenes; the back part of the stage of a theater.
Postscribe	To make a postscript.
Postscript	A paragraph added to a letter after it is concluded and signed by the writer; an addition made to a book or composition after the main body of the work has been finished, containing something omitted, or something new occurring to the writer.
Postscripted	Having a postscript; added in a postscript.
Postscutellum	The hindermost dorsal piece of a thoracic somite of an insect; the plate behind the scutellum.
Postsphenoid	Of or pertaining to the posterior part of the sphenoid bone.
Post-temporal	Situated back of the temporal bone or the temporal region of the skull; -- applied especially to a bone which usually connects the supraclavicle with the skull in the pectoral arch of fishes.
Post-temporal	A post-temporal bone.
Posttertiary	Following, or more recent than, the Tertiary; Quaternary.
Post-tragus	A ridge within and behind the tragus in the ear of some animals.
Post-tympanic	Situated behind the tympanum, or in the skull, behind the auditory meatus.
Postulant	One who makes a request or demand; hence, a candidate.
Postulate	Something demanded or asserted; especially, a position or supposition assumed without proof, or one which is considered as self-evident; a truth to which assent may be demanded or challenged, without argument or evidence.
Postulate	The enunciation of a self-evident problem, in distinction from an axiom, which is the enunciation of a self-evident theorem.
Postulate	Postulated.
Postulated	of Postulate
Postulating	of Postulate
Postulate	To beg, or assume without proof; as, to postulate conclusions.
Postulate	To take without express consent; to assume.
Postulate	To invite earnestly; to solicit.
Postulated	Assumed without proof; as, a postulated inference.
Postulation	The act of postulating, or that which is postulated; assumption; solicitation; suit; cause.
Postulatory	Of the nature of a postulate.
Postulata	of Postulatum
Postulatum	A postulate.
Postumous	See Posthumous.
Postural	Of or pertaining to posture.
Posture	The position of the body; the situation or disposition of the several parts of the body with respect to each other, or for a particular purpose; especially (Fine Arts), the position of a figure with regard to the several principal members by which action is expressed; attitude.
Posture	Place; position; situation.
Posture	State or condition, whether of external circumstances, or of internal feeling and will; disposition; mood; as, a posture of defense; the posture of affairs.
Postured	of Posture
Posturing	of Posture
Posture	To place in a particular position or attitude; to dispose the parts of, with reference to a particular purpose; as, to posture one's self; to posture a model.
Posture	To assume a particular posture or attitude; to contort the body into artificial attitudes, as an acrobat or contortionist; also, to pose.
Posture	Fig.: To assume a character; as, to posture as a saint.
Posturer	One who postures.
Postzygapophyses	of Postzygapophysis
Postzygapophysis	A posterior zygapophysis.
Posies	of Posy
Posy	A brief poetical sentiment; hence, any brief sentiment, motto, or legend; especially, one inscribed on a ring.
Posy	A flower; a bouquet; a nosegay.
Pot	A metallic or earthen vessel, appropriated to any of a great variety of uses, as for boiling meat or vegetables, for holding liquids, for plants, etc.; as, a quart pot; a flower pot; a bean pot.
Pot	An earthen or pewter cup for liquors; a mug.
Pot	The quantity contained in a pot; a potful; as, a pot of ale.
Pot	A metal or earthenware extension of a flue above the top of a chimney; a chimney pot.
Pot	A crucible; as, a graphite pot; a melting pot.
Pot	A wicker vessel for catching fish, eels, etc.
Pot	A perforated cask for draining sugar.
Pot	A size of paper. See Pott.
Potted	of Pot
Potting	of Pot
Pot	To place or inclose in pots
Pot	To preserve seasoned in pots.
Pot	To set out or cover in pots; as, potted plants or bulbs.
Pot	To drain; as, to pot sugar, by taking it from the cooler, and placing it in hogsheads, etc., having perforated heads, through which the molasses drains off.
Pot	To pocket.
Pot	To tipple; to drink.
Potable	Fit to be drunk; drinkable.
Potable	A potable liquid; a beverage.
Potableness	The quality of being drinkable.
Potage	See Pottage.
Potager	A porringer.
Potagro	See Potargo.
Potale	The refuse from a grain distillery, used to fatten swine.
Potamian	A river tortoise; one of a group of tortoises (Potamites, or Trionychoidea) having a soft shell, webbed feet, and a sharp beak. See Trionyx.
Potamography	An account or description of rivers; potamology.
Potamology	A scientific account or discussion of rivers; a treatise on rivers; potamography.
Potamospongiae	The fresh-water sponges. See Spongilla.
Potance	The stud in which the bearing for the lower pivot of the verge is made.
Potargo	A kind of sauce or pickle.
Potash	The hydroxide of potassium hydrate, a hard white brittle substance, KOH, having strong caustic and alkaline properties; -- hence called also caustic potash.
Potash	The impure potassium carbonate obtained by leaching wood ashes, either as a strong solution (lye), or as a white crystalline (pearlash).
Potashes	Potash.
Potassa	Potassium oxide.
Potassa	Potassium hydroxide, commonly called caustic potash.
Potassamide	A yellowish brown substance obtained by heating potassium in ammonia.
Pottassic	Pertaining to, or containing, potassium.
Potassium	An Alkali element, occurring abundantly but always combined, as in the chloride, sulphate, carbonate, or silicate, in the minerals sylvite, kainite, orthoclase, muscovite, etc. Atomic weight 39.0. Symbol K (Kalium).
Potassoxyl	The radical KO, derived from, and supposed to exist in, potassium hydroxide and other compounds.
Potation	The act of drinking.
Potation	A draught.
Potation	Drink; beverage.
Potatoes	of Potato
Potato	A plant (Solanum tuberosum) of the Nightshade family, and its esculent farinaceous tuber, of which there are numerous varieties used for food. It is native of South America, but a form of the species is found native as far north as New Mexico.
Potato	The sweet potato (see below).
Potator	A drinker.
Potatory	Of or pertaining to drinking.
Pot-bellied	Having a protuberant belly, like the bottom of a pot.
Pot-belly	A protuberant belly.
Potboiler	A term applied derisively to any literary or artistic work, and esp. a painting, done simply for money and the means of living.
Potboy	A boy who carries pots of ale, beer, etc.; a menial in a public house.
Potch	To thrust; to push.
Potch	See Poach, to cook.
Potcher	One who, or that which, potches.
Potecary	An apothecary.
Poteen	Whisky; especially, whisky illicitly distilled by the Irish peasantry.
Potelot	Molybdenum sulphide.
Potence	Potency; capacity.
Potency	The quality or state of being potent; physical or moral power; inherent strength; energy; ability to effect a purpose; capability; efficacy; influence.
Potent	Producing great physical effects; forcible; powerful' efficacious; as, a potent medicine.
Potent	Having great authority, control, or dominion; puissant; mighty; influential; as, a potent prince.
Potent	Powerful, in an intellectual or moral sense; having great influence; as, potent interest; a potent argument.
Potent	A prince; a potentate.
Potent	A staff or crutch.
Potent	One of the furs; a surface composed of patches which are supposed to represent crutch heads; they are always alternately argent and azure, unless otherwise specially mentioned.
Potentacy	Sovereignty.
Potentate	One who is potent; one who possesses great power or sway; a prince, sovereign, or monarch.
Potential	Being potent; endowed with energy adequate to a result; efficacious; influential.
Potential	Existing in possibility, not in actuality.
Potential	Anything that may be possible; a possibility; potentially.
Potential	In the theory of gravitation, or of other forces acting in space, a function of the rectangular coordinates which determine the position of a point, such that its differential coefficients with respect to the coordinates are equal to the components of the force at the point considered; -- also called potential function, or force function. It is called also Newtonian potential when the force is directed to a fixed center and is inversely as the square of the distance from the center.
Potential	The energy of an electrical charge measured by its power to do work; hence, the degree of electrification as referred to some standard, as that of the earth; electro-motive force.
Potentiality	The quality or state of being potential; possibility, not actuality; inherent capability or disposition, not actually exhibited.
Potentially	With power; potently.
Potentially	In a potential manner; possibly, not positively.
Potentiated	of Potentiate
Potentiating	of Potentiate
Potentiate	To render active or potent.
Potentiometer	An instrument for measuring or comparing electrial potentials or electro-motive forces.
Potentized	of Potentize
Potentizing	of Potentize
Potentize	To render the latent power of (anything) available.
Potently	With great force or energy; powerfully; efficaciously.
Potentness	The quality or state of being potent; powerfulness; potency; efficacy.
Potestate	A chief ruler; a potentate. [Obs.] Wyclif.
Potestative	Authoritative.
Potgun	A pot-shaped cannon; a mortar.
Potgun	A popgun.
Pothecary	An apothecary.
Potheen	See Poteen.
Pother	Bustle; confusion; tumult; flutter; bother.
Pother	To make a bustle or stir; to be fussy.
Pothered	of Pother
Pothering	of Pother
Pother	To harass and perplex; to worry.
Pothole	A circular hole formed in the rocky beds of rivers by the grinding action of stones or gravel whirled round by the water in what was at first a natural depression of the rock.
Pothook	An S-shaped hook on which pots and kettles are hung over an open fire.
Pothook	A written character curved like a pothook; (pl.) a scrawled writing.
Pothouse	An alehouse.
Potichomania	Alt. of Potichomanie
Potichomanie	The art or process of coating the inside of glass vessels with engravings or paintings, so as to give them the appearance of painted ware.
Potion	A draught; a dose; usually, a draught or dose of a liquid medicine.
Potion	To drug.
Potlid	The lid or cover of a pot.
Potluck	Whatever may chance to be in the pot, or may be provided for a meal.
Potmen	of Potman
Potman	A pot companion.
Potman	A servant in a public house; a potboy.
Potoo	A large South American goatsucker (Nyctibius grandis).
Potoroo	Any small kangaroo belonging to Hypsiprymnus, Bettongia, and allied genera, native of Australia and Tasmania. Called also kangaroo rat.
Potpie	A meat pie which is boiled instead of being baked.
Potpourri	A medley or mixture.
Potpourri	A ragout composed of different sorts of meats, vegetables, etc., cooked together.
Potpourri	A jar or packet of flower leaves, perfumes, and spices, used to scent a room.
Potpourri	A piece of music made up of different airs strung together; a medley.
Potpourri	A literary production composed of parts brought together without order or bond of connection.
Potsdam group	A subdivision of the Primordial or Cambrian period in American geology; -- so named from the sandstone of Potsdam, New York. See Chart of Geology.
Potshard	Alt. of Potshare
Potshare	A potsherd.
Potsherd	A piece or fragment of a broken pot.
Potstone	A variety of steatite sometimes manufactured into culinary vessels.
Pot-sure	Made confident by drink.
Pott	A size of paper. See under Paper.
Pottage	A kind of food made by boiling vegetables or meat, or both together, in water, until soft; a thick soup or porridge.
Pottain	Old pot metal.
Potteen	See Poteen.
Potter	One whose occupation is to make earthen vessels.
Potter	One who hawks crockery or earthenware.
Potter	One who pots meats or other eatables.
Potter	The red-bellied terrapin. See Terrapin.
Pottered	of Potter
Pottering	of Potter
Potter	To busy one's self with trifles; to labor with little purpose, energy, of effect; to trifle; to pother.
Potter	To walk lazily or idly; to saunter.
Potter	To poke; to push; also, to disturb; to confuse; to bother.
Pottern	Of or pertaining to potters.
Potteries	of Pottery
Pottery	The vessels or ware made by potters; earthenware, glazed and baked.
Pottery	The place where earthen vessels are made.
Potting	Tippling.
Potting	The act of placing in a pot; as, the potting of plants; the potting of meats for preservation.
Potting	The process of putting sugar in casks for cleansing and draining.
Pottle	A liquid measure of four pints.
Pottle	A pot or tankard.
Pottle	A vessel or small basket for holding fruit.
Potto	A nocturnal mammal (Perodictius potto) of the Lemur family, found in West Africa. It has rudimentary forefingers. Called also aposoro, and bush dog.
Potto	The kinkajou.
Pott's disease	Caries of the vertebrae, frequently resulting in curvature of the spine and paralysis of the lower extremities; -- so named from Percival Pott, an English surgeon.
Potulent	Fit to drink; potable.
Potulent	Nearly drunk; tipsy.
Pot-valiant	Having the courage given by drink.
Pot-walloper	A voter in certain boroughs of England, where, before the passage of the reform bill of 1832, the qualification for suffrage was to have boiled (walloped) his own pot in the parish for six months.
Pot-walloper	One who cleans pots; a scullion.
Pouch	A small bag; usually, a leathern bag; as, a pouch for money; a shot pouch; a mail pouch, etc.
Pouch	That which is shaped like, or used as, a pouch
Pouch	A protuberant belly; a paunch; -- so called in ridicule.
Pouch	A sac or bag for carrying food or young; as, the cheek pouches of certain rodents, and the pouch of marsupials.
Pouch	A cyst or sac containing fluid.
Pouch	A silicle, or short pod, as of the shepherd's purse.
Pouch	A bulkhead in the hold of a vessel, to prevent grain, etc., from shifting.
Pouched	of Pouch
Pouching	of Pouch
Pouch	To put or take into a pouch.
Pouch	To swallow; -- said of fowls.
Pouch	To pout.
Pouch	To pocket; to put up with.
Pouched	Having a marsupial pouch; as, the pouched badger, or the wombat.
Pouched	Having external cheek pouches; as, the pouched gopher.
Pouched	Having internal cheek pouches; as, the pouched squirrels.
Pouchet box	See Pouncet box.
Pouch-mouthed	Having a pouch mouth; blobber-lipped.
Pouchong	A superior kind of souchong tea.
Pouch-shell	A small British and American pond snail (Bulinus hypnorum).
Poudre	Dust; powder.
Poudrette	A manure made from night soil, dried and mixed with charcoal, gypsum, etc.
Poulaine	A long pointed shoe. See Cracowes.
Pouldavis	Same as Poledavy.
Poulder	Powder.
Pouldron	See Pauldron.
Poulp	Alt. of Poulpe
Poulpe	Same as Octopus.
Poult	A young chicken, partridge, grouse, or the like.
Poulter	A poulterer.
Poulterer	One who deals in poultry.
Poultice	A soft composition, as of bread, bran, or a mucilaginous substance, to be applied to sores, inflamed parts of the body, etc.; a cataplasm.
Poulticed	of Poultice
Poulticing	of Poultice
Poultice	To apply a poultice to; to dress with a poultice.
Poultive	A poultice.
Poultry	Domestic fowls reared for the table, or for their eggs or feathers, such as cocks and hens, capons, turkeys, ducks, and geese.
Pounce	A fine powder, as of sandarac, or cuttlefish bone, -- formerly used to prevent ink from spreading on manuscript.
Pounce	Charcoal dust, or some other colored powder for making patterns through perforated designs, -- used by embroiderers, lace makers, etc.
Pounded	of Pounce
Pouncing	of Pounce
Pounce	To sprinkle or rub with pounce; as, to pounce paper, or a pattern.
Pounce	The claw or talon of a bird of prey.
Pounce	A punch or stamp.
Pounce	Cloth worked in eyelet holes.
Pounce	To strike or seize with the talons; to pierce, as with the talons.
Pounce	To punch; to perforate; to stamp holes in, or dots on, by way of ornament.
Pounce	To fall suddenly and seize with the claws; -- with on or upon; as, a hawk pounces upon a chicken. Also used figuratively.
Pounced	Furnished with claws or talons; as, the pounced young of the eagle.
Pounced	Ornamented with perforations or dots.
Pouncet box	A box with a perforated lid, for sprinkling pounce, or for holding perfumes.
Pouncing	The art or practice of transferring a design by means of pounce.
Pouncing	Decorative perforation of cloth.
Pounded	of Pound
Pounding	of Pound
Pound	To strike repeatedly with some heavy instrument; to beat.
Pound	To comminute and pulverize by beating; to bruise or break into fine particles with a pestle or other heavy instrument; as, to pound spice or salt.
Pound	To strike heavy blows; to beat.
Pound	To make a jarring noise, as in running; as, the engine pounds.
Pound	An inclosure, maintained by public authority, in which cattle or other animals are confined when taken in trespassing, or when going at large in violation of law; a pinfold.
Pound	A level stretch in a canal between locks.
Pound	A kind of net, having a large inclosure with a narrow entrance into which fish are directed by wings spreading outward.
Pound	To confine in, or as in, a pound; to impound.
Pounds	of Pound
Pound	of Pound
Pounds	of Pound
Pound	A certain specified weight; especially, a legal standard consisting of an established number of ounces.
Pound	A British denomination of money of account, equivalent to twenty shillings sterling, and equal in value to about $4.86.  There is no coin known by this name, but the gold sovereign is of the same value.
Poundage	A sum deducted from a pound, or a certain sum paid for each pound; a commission.
Poundage	A subsidy of twelve pence in the pound, formerly granted to the crown on all goods exported or imported, and if by aliens, more.
Poundage	The sum allowed to a sheriff or other officer upon the amount realized by an execution; -- estimated in England, and formerly in the United States, at so much of the pound.
Poundage	To collect, as poundage; to assess, or rate, by poundage.
Poundage	Confinement of cattle, or other animals, in a public pound.
Poundage	A charge paid for the release of impounded cattle.
Poundal	A unit of force based upon the pound, foot, and second, being the force which, acting on a pound avoirdupois for one second, causes it to acquire by the of that time a velocity of one foot per second. It is about equal to the weight of half an ounce, and is 13,825 dynes.
Pound-breach	The breaking of a public pound for releasing impounded animals.
Poundcake	A kind of rich, sweet cake; -- so called from the ingredients being used by pounds, or in equal quantities.
Pounder	One who, or that which, pounds, as a stamp in an ore mill.
Pounder	An instrument used for pounding; a pestle.
Pounder	A person or thing, so called with reference to a certain number of pounds in value, weight, capacity, etc.; as, a cannon carrying a twelve-pound ball is called a twelve pounder.
Pounding	The act of beating, bruising, or breaking up; a beating.
Pounding	A pounded or pulverized substance.
Pound/keeper	The keeper of a pound.
Poundrate	A rate or proportion estimated at a certain amount for each pound; poundage.
Poup	See Powp.
Poupart's ligament	A ligament, of fascia, extending, in most mammals, from the ventral side of the ilium to near the symphysis of the pubic bones.
Poupeton	A puppet, or little baby.
Pour	Poor.
Pour	To pore.
Poured	of Pour
Pouring	of Pour
Pour	To cause to flow in a stream, as a liquid or anything flowing like a liquid, either out of a vessel or into it; as, to pour water from a pail; to pour wine into a decanter; to pour oil upon the waters; to pour out sand or dust.
Pour	To send forth as in a stream or a flood; to emit; to let escape freely or wholly.
Pour	To send forth from, as in a stream; to discharge uninterruptedly.
Pour	To flow, pass, or issue in a stream, or as a stream; to fall continuously and abundantly; as, the rain pours; the people poured out of the theater.
Pour	A stream, or something like a stream; a flood.
Poureliche	Poorly.
Pourer	One who pours.
Pourlieu	See Purlieu.
Pourparler	A consultation preliminary to a treaty.
Pourparties	of Pourparty
Pourparty	A division; a divided share.
Pourpoint	A quilted military doublet or gambeson worn in the 14th and 15th centuries; also, a name for the doublet of the 16th and 17th centuries worn by civilians.
Pourpresture	See Purpresture.
Poursuivant	See Pursuivant.
Pourtray	See Portray.
Pourveyance	See Purveyance.
Pousse	Pulse; pease.
Poussette	A movement, or part of a figure, in the contradance.
Poussette	To perform a certain movement in a dance.
Pout	The young of some birds, as grouse; a young fowl.
Pout	To shoot pouts.
Pouted	of Pout
Pouting	of Pout
Pout	To thrust out the lips, as in sullenness or displeasure; hence, to look sullen.
Pout	To protrude.
Pout	A sullen protrusion of the lips; a fit of sullenness.
Pout	The European whiting pout or bib.
Pouter	One who, or that which, pouts.
Pouter	A variety of the domestic pigeon remarkable for the extent to which it is able to dilate its throat and breast.
Pouting	Childish sullenness.
Poutingly	In a pouting, or a sullen, manner.
Povert	Poverty.
Poverty	The quality or state of being poor or indigent; want or scarcity of means of subsistence; indigence; need.
Poverty	Any deficiency of elements or resources that are needed or desired, or that constitute richness; as, poverty of soil; poverty of the blood; poverty of ideas.
Powan	Alt. of Powen
Powen	A small British lake whitefish (Coregonus clupeoides, or C. ferus); -- called also gwyniad and lake herring.
Powder	The fine particles to which any dry substance is reduced by pounding, grinding, or triturating, or into which it falls by decay; dust.
Powder	An explosive mixture used in gunnery, blasting, etc.; gunpowder. See Gunpowder.
Powdered	of Powder
Powdering	of Powder
Powder	To reduce to fine particles; to pound, grind, or rub into a powder; to comminute; to pulverize; to triturate.
Powder	To sprinkle with powder, or as with powder; to be sprinkle; as, to powder the hair.
Powder	To sprinkle with salt; to corn, as meat.
Powder	To be reduced to powder; to become like powder; as, some salts powder easily.
Powder	To use powder on the hair or skin; as, she paints and powders.
Powdered	Reduced to a powder; sprinkled with, or as with, powder.
Powdered	Sprinkled with salt; salted; corned.
Powdered	Same as Seme.
Powderflask	A flask in which gunpowder is carried, having a charging tube at the end.
Powderhorn	A horn in which gunpowder is carried.
Powdering	a. & n. from Powder, v. t.
Powdermill	A mill in which gunpowder is made.
Powder-posted	Affected with dry rot; reduced to dust by rot. See Dry rot, under Dry.
Powdery	Easily crumbling to pieces; friable; loose; as, a powdery spar.
Powdery	Sprinkled or covered with powder; dusty; as, the powdery bloom on plums.
Powdery	Resembling powder; consisting of powder.
Powdike	A dike a marsh or fen.
Powdry	See Powdery.
Power	Same as Poor, the fish.
Power	Ability to act, regarded as latent or inherent; the faculty of doing or performing something; capacity for action or performance; capability of producing an effect, whether physical or moral: potency; might; as, a man of great power; the power of capillary attraction; money gives power.
Power	Ability, regarded as put forth or exerted; strength, force, or energy in action; as, the power of steam in moving an engine; the power of truth, or of argument, in producing conviction; the power of enthusiasm.
Power	Capacity of undergoing or suffering; fitness to be acted upon; susceptibility; -- called also passive power; as, great power of endurance.
Power	The exercise of a faculty; the employment of strength; the exercise of any kind of control; influence; dominion; sway; command; government.
Power	The agent exercising an ability to act; an individual invested with authority; an institution, or government, which exercises control; as, the great powers of Europe; hence, often, a superhuman agent; a spirit; a divinity.
Power	A military or naval force; an army or navy; a great host.
Power	A large quantity; a great number; as, a power o/ good things.
Power	The rate at which mechanical energy is exerted or mechanical work performed, as by an engine or other machine, or an animal, working continuously; as, an engine of twenty horse power.
Power	A mechanical agent; that from which useful mechanical energy is derived; as, water power; steam power; hand power, etc.
Power	Applied force; force producing motion or pressure; as, the power applied at one and of a lever to lift a weight at the other end.
Power	A machine acted upon by an animal, and serving as a motor to drive other machinery; as, a dog power.
Power	The product arising from the multiplication of a number into itself; as, a square is the second power, and a cube is third power, of a number.
Power	Mental or moral ability to act; one of the faculties which are possessed by the mind or soul; as, the power of thinking, reasoning, judging, willing, fearing, hoping, etc.
Power	The degree to which a lens, mirror, or any optical instrument, magnifies; in the telescope, and usually in the microscope, the number of times it multiplies, or augments, the apparent diameter of an object; sometimes, in microscopes, the number of times it multiplies the apparent surface.
Power	An authority enabling a person to dispose of an interest vested either in himself or in another person; ownership by appointment.
Power	Hence, vested authority to act in a given case; as, the business was referred to a committee with power.
Powerable	Capable of being effected or accomplished by the application of power; possible.
Powerable	Capable of exerting power; powerful.
Powerful	Full of power; capable of producing great effects of any kind; potent; mighty; efficacious; intense; as, a powerful man or beast; a powerful engine; a powerful argument; a powerful light; a powerful vessel.
Powerful	Large; capacious; -- said of veins of ore.
Powerless	Destitute of power, force, or energy; weak; impotent; not able to produce any effect.
Powldron	Same as Pauldron.
Powp	See Poop, v. i.
Powter	See Pouter.
Powpow	A priest, or conjurer, among the North American Indians.
Powpow	Conjuration attended with great noise and confusion, and often with feasting, dancing, etc., performed by Indians for the cure of diseases, to procure success in hunting or in war, and for other purposes.
Powpow	Hence: Any assembly characterized by noise and confusion; a noisy frolic or gathering.
Powwow	To use conjuration, with noise and confusion, for the cure of disease, etc., as among the North American Indians.
Powwow	Hence: To hold a noisy, disorderly meeting.
Pox	Strictly, a disease by pustules or eruptions of any kind, but chiefly or wholly restricted to three or four diseases, -- the smallpox, the chicken pox, and the vaccine and the venereal diseases.
Poxed	of Pox
Poxing	of Pox
Pox	To infect with the pox, or syphilis.
Poy	A support; -- used in composition; as, teapoy.
Poy	A ropedancer's balancing pole.
Poy	A long boat hook by which barges are propelled against the stream.
Poynado	A poniard.
Poynd	Alt. of Poynder
Poynder	See Poind, Poinder.
Poy nette	A bodkin.
Poyntel	Paving or flooring made of small squares or lozenges set diagonally.
Poyou	A South American armadillo (Dasypus sexcinctus). Called also sixbanded armadillo.
Poze	See 5th Pose.
Pozzuolana	Alt. of Pozzolana
Pozzolana	Volcanic ashes from Pozzuoli, in Italy, used in the manufacture of a kind of mortar which hardens under water.
Praam	A flat-bottomed boat or lighter, -- used in Holland and the Baltic, and sometimes armed in case of war.
Practic	Practical.
Practic	Artful; deceitful; skillful.
Practicability	The quality or state of being practicable; practicableness; feasibility.
Practicable	That may be practiced or performed; capable of being done or accomplished with available means or resources; feasible; as, a practicable method; a practicable aim; a practicable good.
Practicable	Capable of being used; passable; as, a practicable weapon; a practicable road.
Practical	Of or pertaining to practice or action.
Practical	Capable of being turned to use or account; useful, in distinction from ideal or theoretical; as, practical chemistry.
Practical	Evincing practice or skill; capable of applying knowledge to some useful end; as, a practical man; a practical mind.
Practical	Derived from practice; as, practical skill.
Practicality	The quality or state of being practical; practicalness.
Practically	In a practical way; not theoretically; really; as, to look at things practically; practically worthless.
Practically	By means of practice or use; by experience or experiment; as, practically wise or skillful; practically acquainted with a subject.
Practically	In practice or use; as, a medicine practically safe; theoretically wrong, but practically right.
Practically	Almost.
Practicalness	Same as Practicality.
Practicalize	To render practical.
Practice	Frequently repeated or customary action; habitual performance; a succession of acts of a similar kind; usage; habit; custom; as, the practice of rising early; the practice of making regular entries of accounts; the practice of daily exercise.
Practice	Customary or constant use; state of being used.
Practice	Skill or dexterity acquired by use; expertness.
Practice	Actual performance; application of knowledge; -- opposed to theory.
Practice	Systematic exercise for instruction or discipline; as, the troops are called out for practice; she neglected practice in music.
Practice	Application of science to the wants of men; the exercise of any profession; professional business; as, the practice of medicine or law; a large or lucrative practice.
Practice	Skillful or artful management; dexterity in contrivance or the use of means; art; stratagem; artifice; plot; -- usually in a bad sense.
Practice	A easy and concise method of applying the rules of arithmetic to questions which occur in trade and business.
Practice	The form, manner, and order of conducting and carrying on suits and prosecutions through their various stages, according to the principles of law and the rules laid down by the courts.
Practiced	of Practice
Practicing	of Practice
Practice	To do or perform frequently, customarily, or habitually; to make a practice of; as, to practice gaming.
Practice	To exercise, or follow, as a profession, trade, art, etc., as, to practice law or medicine.
Practice	To exercise one's self in, for instruction or improvement, or to acquire discipline or dexterity; as, to practice gunnery; to practice music.
Practice	To put into practice; to carry out; to act upon; to commit; to execute; to do.
Practice	To make use of; to employ.
Practice	To teach or accustom by practice; to train.
Practice	To perform certain acts frequently or customarily, either for instruction, profit, or amusement; as, to practice with the broadsword or with the rifle; to practice on the piano.
Practice	To learn by practice; to form a habit.
Practice	To try artifices or stratagems.
Practice	To apply theoretical science or knowledge, esp. by way of experiment; to exercise or pursue an employment or profession, esp. that of medicine or of law.
Practiced	Experienced; expert; skilled; as, a practiced marksman.
Practiced	Used habitually; learned by practice.
Practicer	One who practices, or puts in practice; one who customarily performs certain acts.
Practicer	One who exercises a profession; a practitioner.
Practicer	One who uses art or stratagem.
Practician	One who is acquainted with, or skilled in, anything by practice; a practitioner.
Practick	Practice.
Practisant	An agent or confederate in treachery.
Practise	See Practice.
Practisour	A practitioner.
Practitioner	One who is engaged in the actual use or exercise of any art or profession, particularly that of law or medicine.
Practitioner	One who does anything customarily or habitually.
Practitioner	A sly or artful person.
Practive	Doing; active.
Prad	A horse.
Prae-	A prefix. See Pre-.
Praecava	The superior vena cava.
Praecipe	A writ commanding something to be done, or requiring a reason for neglecting it.
Praecipe	A paper containing the particulars of a writ, lodged in the office out of which the writ is to be issued.
Praecoces	A division of birds including those whose young are able to run about when first hatched.
Praecocial	Of or pertaining to the Praecoces.
Praecognita	This previously known, or which should be known in order to understand something else.
Praecommissure	A transverse commissure in the anterior part of the third ventricle of the brain; the anterior cerebral commissure.
Praecoracoid	See Precoracoid.
Praecordia	The front part of the thoracic region; the epigastrium.
Praecordial	Same as Precordial.
Praecornua	of Praecornu
Praecornu	The anterior horn of each lateral ventricle of the brain.
Praedial	See Predial.
Praefloration	Same as Prefloration.
Praefoliation	Same as Prefoliation.
Praemaxilla	See Premaxilla.
Praemolar	See Premolar.
Praemorse	Same as Premorse.
Praemunire	The offense of introducing foreign authority into England, the penalties for which were originally intended to depress the civil power of the pope in the kingdom.
Praemunire	The writ grounded on that offense.
Praemunire	The penalty ascribed for the offense of praemunire.
Praemnire	The subject to the penalties of praemunire.
Praemunitory	See Premunitory.
Praenares	The anterior nares. See Nares.
Praenasal	Same as Prenasal.
Praenomina	of Praenomen
Praenomen	The first name of a person, by which individuals of the same family were distinguished, answering to our Christian name, as Caius, Lucius, Marcus, etc.
Praenominical	Of or pertaining to a praenomen.
Praeoperculum	Same as Preoperculum.
Praesternum	Same as Preoral, Prepubis, Prescapula, etc.
Praeter-	A prefix. See Preter-.
Praeterist	See Preterist.
Praetermit	See Pretermit.
Praetextae	of Praetexta
Praetextas	of Praetexta
Praetexta	A white robe with a purple border, worn by a Roman boy before he was entitled to wear the toga virilis, or until about the completion of his fourteenth year, and by girls until their marriage. It was also worn by magistrates and priests.
Praetor	See Pretor.
Praetores	A division of butterflies including the satyrs.
Praetorian	See Pretorian.
Praetorium	See Pretorium.
Praezygapophysis	Same as Prezygapophysis.
Pragmatic	Alt. of Pragmatical
Pragmatical	Of or pertaining to business or to affairs; of the nature of business; practical; material; businesslike in habit or manner.
Pragmatical	Busy; specifically, busy in an objectionable way; officious; fussy and positive; meddlesome.
Pragmatical	Philosophical; dealing with causes, reasons, and effects, rather than with details and circumstances; -- said of literature.
Pragmatic	One skilled in affairs.
Pragmatic	A solemn public ordinance or decree.
Pragmatically	In a pragmatical manner.
Pragmaticalness	The quality or state of being pragmatical.
Pragmatism	The quality or state of being pragmatic; in literature, the pragmatic, or philosophical, method.
Pragmatist	One who is pragmatic.
Pragmatize	To consider, represent, or embody (something unreal) as fact; to materialize.
Prairial	The ninth month of the French Republican calendar, which dated from September 22, 1792. It began May, 20, and ended June 18. See Vendemiaire.
Prairie	An extensive tract of level or rolling land, destitute of trees, covered with coarse grass, and usually characterized by a deep, fertile soil. They abound throughout the Mississippi valley, between the Alleghanies and the Rocky mountains.
Prairie	A meadow or tract of grass; especially, a so called natural meadow.
Praisable	Fit to be praised; praise-worthy; laudable; commendable.
Praisably	In a praisable manner.
Praised	of Praise
Praising	of Praise
Praise	To commend; to applaud; to express approbation of; to laud; -- applied to a person or his acts.
Praise	To extol in words or song; to magnify; to glorify on account of perfections or excellent works; to do honor to; to display the excellence of; -- applied especially to the Divine Being.
Praise	To value; to appraise.
Praise	Commendation for worth; approval expressed; honor rendered because of excellence or worth; laudation; approbation.
Praise	Especially, the joyful tribute of gratitude or homage rendered to the Divine Being; the act of glorifying or extolling the Creator; worship, particularly worship by song, distinction from prayer and other acts of worship; as, a service of praise.
Praise	The object, ground, or reason of praise.
Praiseful	Praiseworthy.
Praiseful	Praiseworthy.
Praiseless	Without praise or approbation.
Praise-meeting	A religious service mainly in song.
Praisement	Appraisement.
Praiseer	One who praises.
Praiseer	An appraiser; a valuator.
Praiseworthily	In a praiseworthy manner.
Praiseworthiness	The quality or state of being praiseworthy.
Praiseworthy	Worthy of praise or applause; commendable; as, praiseworthy action; he was praiseworthy.
Prakrit	Any one of the popular dialects descended from, or akin to, Sanskrit; -- in distinction from the Sanskrit, which was used as a literary and learned language when no longer spoken by the people. Pali is one of the Prakrit dialects.
Prakritic	Pertaining to Prakrit.
Pram	Alt. of Prame
Prame	See Praam.
Pranced	of Prance
Prancing	of Prance
Prance	To spring or bound, as a horse in high mettle.
Prance	To ride on a prancing horse; to ride in an ostentatious manner.
Prance	To walk or strut about in a pompous, showy manner, or with warlike parade.
Prancer	A horse which prances.
Prandial	Of or pertaining to a repast, especially to dinner.
Prangos	A genus of umbelliferous plants, one species of which (P. pabularia), found in Thibet, Cashmere, Afghanistan, etc., has been used as fodder for cattle. It has decompound leaves with very long narrow divisions, and a highly fragrant smell resembling that of new clover hay.
Pranked	of Prank
Pranking	of Prank
Prank	To adorn in a showy manner; to dress or equip ostentatiously; -- often followed by up; as, to prank up the body. See Prink.
Prank	To make ostentatious show.
Prank	A gay or sportive action; a ludicrous, merry, or mischievous trick; a caper; a frolic.
Prank	Full of gambols or tricks.
Pranker	One who dresses showily; a prinker.
Prankish	Full of pranks; frolicsome.
Prase	A variety of cryptocrystalline of a leek-green color.
Praseo-	A combining form signifying green; as, praseocobalt, a green variety of cobalt.
Praseodymium	An elementary substance, one of the constituents of didymium; -- so called from the green color of its salts.  Symbol Ps.  Atomic weight 143.6.
Praseolite	A variety of altered iolite of a green color and greasy luster.
Prasinous	Grass-green; clear, lively green, without any mixture.
Prasoid	Resembling prase.
Prated	of Prate
Prating	of Prate
Prate	To talk much and to little purpose; to be loquacious; to speak foolishly; to babble.
Prate	To utter foolishly; to speak without reason or purpose; to chatter, or babble.
Prate	Talk to little purpose; trifling talk; unmeaning loquacity.
Prateful	Talkative.
Prater	One who prates.
Pratic	See Pratique.
Pratincole	Any bird of the Old World genus Glareola, or family Glareolidae, allied to the plovers. They have long, pointed wings and a forked tail.
Pratingly	With idle talk; with loquacity.
Pratique	Primarily, liberty of converse; intercourse; hence, a certificate, given after compliance with quarantine regulations, permitting a ship to land passengers and crew; -- a term used particularly in the south of Europe.
Pratique	Practice; habits.
Prattled	of Prattle
Prattling	of Prattle
Prattle	To talk much and idly; to prate; hence, to talk lightly and artlessly, like a child; to utter child's talk.
Prattle	To utter as prattle; to babble; as, to prattle treason.
Prattle	Trifling or childish tattle; empty talk; loquacity on trivial subjects; prate; babble.
Prattlement	Prattle.
Prattler	One who prattles.
Pravity	Deterioration; degeneracy; corruption; especially, moral crookedness; moral perversion; perverseness; depravity; as, the pravity of human nature.
Prawn	Any one of numerous species of large shrimplike Crustacea having slender legs and long antennae. They mostly belong to the genera Pandalus, Palaemon, Palaemonetes, and Peneus, and are much used as food. The common English prawn is Palaemon serratus.
Praxinoscope	An instrument, similar to the phenakistoscope, for presenting to view, or projecting upon a screen, images the natural motions of real objects.
Praxis	Use; practice; especially, exercise or discipline for a specific purpose or object.
Praxis	An example or form of exercise, or a collection of such examples, for practice.
Pray	See Pry.
Prayed	of Pray
Praying	of Pray
Pray	To make request with earnestness or zeal, as for something desired; to make entreaty or supplication; to offer prayer to a deity or divine being as a religious act; specifically, to address the Supreme Being with adoration, confession, supplication, and thanksgiving.
Pray	To address earnest request to; to supplicate; to entreat; to implore; to beseech.
Pray	To ask earnestly for; to seek to obtain by supplication; to entreat for.
Pray	To effect or accomplish by praying; as, to pray a soul out of purgatory.
Prayer	One who prays; a supplicant.
Prayer	The act of praying, or of asking a favor; earnest request or entreaty; hence, a petition or memorial addressed to a court or a legislative body.
Prayer	The act of addressing supplication to a divinity, especially to the true God; the offering of adoration, confession, supplication, and thanksgiving to the Supreme Being; as, public prayer; secret prayer.
Prayer	The form of words used in praying; a formula of supplication; an expressed petition; especially, a supplication addressed to God; as, a written or extemporaneous prayer; to repeat one's prayers.
Prayerful	Given to prayer; praying much or often; devotional.
Prayerless	Not using prayer; habitually neglecting prayer to God; without prayer.
Praying	a. & n. from Pray, v.
Prayingly	With supplication to God.
Pre-	A prefix denoting priority (of time, place, or rank); as, precede, to go before; precursor, a forerunner; prefix, to fix or place before; preeminent eminent before or above others. Pre- is sometimes used intensively, as in prepotent, very potent.
Preaccusation	Previous accusation.
Preace	Press.
Preached	of Preach
Preaching	of Preach
Preach	To proclaim or publish tidings; specifically, to proclaim the gospel; to discourse publicly on a religious subject, or from a text of Scripture; to deliver a sermon.
Preach	To give serious advice on morals or religion; to discourse in the manner of a preacher.
Preach	To proclaim by public discourse; to utter in a sermon or a formal religious harangue.
Preach	To inculcate in public discourse; to urge with earnestness by public teaching.
Preach	To deliver or pronounce; as, to preach a sermon.
Preach	To teach or instruct by preaching; to inform by preaching.
Preach	To advise or recommend earnestly.
Preach	A religious discourse.
Preacher	One who preaches; one who discourses publicly on religious subjects.
Preacher	One who inculcates anything with earnestness.
Preachership	The office of a preacher.
Preachify	To discourse in the manner of a preacher.
Preaching	The act of delivering a religious discourse; the art of sermonizing; also, a sermon; a public religious discourse; serious, earnest advice.
Preachmen	of Preachman
Preachman	A preacher; -- so called in contempt.
Preachment	A religious harangue; a sermon; -- used derogatively.
Preacquaint	To acquaint previously or beforehand.
Preacquaintance	Previous acquaintance or knowledge.
Preact	To act beforehand; to perform previously.
Preaction	Previous action.
Preadamic	Prior to Adam.
Preadamite	An inhabitant of the earth before Adam.
Preadamite	One who holds that men existed before Adam.
Preadamitic	Existing or occurring before Adam; preadamic; as, preadamitic periods.
Preadjustment	Previous adjustment.
Preadministration	Previous administration.
Preadmonish	To admonish previously.
Preadmonition	Previous warning or admonition; forewarning.
Preadvertise	To advertise beforehand; to preannounce publicly.
Preamble	A introductory portion; an introduction or preface, as to a book, document, etc.; specifically, the introductory part of a statute, which states the reasons and intent of the law.
Preamble	To make a preamble to; to preface; to serve as a preamble.
Preambulary	Of or pertaining to a preamble; introductory; contained or provided for in a preamble.
Preambulate	To walk before.
Preambulation	A walking or going before; precedence.
Preambulation	A preamble.
Preambulatory	Preceding; going before; introductory.
Preambulous	See Perambulatory.
Preannounce	To announce beforehand.
Preantenultimate	Being or indicating the fourth syllable from the end of a word, or that before the antepenult.
Preaortic	In front, or on the ventral side, of the aorta.
Preappoint	To appoint previously, or beforehand.
Preappointment	Previous appointment.
Preapprehension	An apprehension or opinion formed before examination or knowledge.
Prearm	To forearm.
Prearrange	To arrange beforehand.
Prease	To press; to crowd.
Prease	A press; a crowd.
Preassurance	Previous assurance.
Preataxic	Occurring before the symptom ataxia has developed; -- applied to the early symptoms of locomotor ataxia.
Preaudience	Precedence of rank at the bar among lawyers.
Preaxial	Situated in front of any transverse axis in the body of an animal; anterior; cephalic; esp., in front, or on the anterior, or cephalic (that is, radial or tibial) side of the axis of a limb.
Prebend	A payment or stipend; esp., the stipend or maintenance granted to a prebendary out of the estate of a cathedral or collegiate church with which he is connected. See Note under Benefice.
Prebend	A prebendary.
Prebendal	Of or pertaining to a prebend; holding a prebend; as, a prebendal priest or stall.
Prebendary	A clergyman attached to a collegiate or cathedral church who enjoys a prebend in consideration of his officiating at stated times in the church. See Note under Benefice, n., 3.
Prebendary	A prebendaryship.
Prebendaryship	The office of a prebendary.
Prebendate	To invest with the office of prebendary; to present to a prebend.
Prebendship	A prebendaryship.
Prebronchial	Situated in front of the bronchus; -- applied especially to an air sac on either side of the esophagus of birds.
Precalculate	To calculate or determine beforehand; to prearrange.
Precant	One who prays.
Precarious	Depending on the will or pleasure of another; held by courtesy; liable to be changed or lost at the pleasure of another; as, precarious privileges.
Precarious	Held by a doubtful tenure; depending on unknown causes or events; exposed to constant risk; not to be depended on for certainty or stability; uncertain; as, a precarious state of health; precarious fortunes.
Precation	The act of praying; supplication; entreaty.
Preative	Alt. of Preatory
Preatory	Suppliant; beseeching.
Precaution	Previous caution or care; caution previously employed to prevent mischief or secure good; as, his life was saved by precaution.
Precaution	A measure taken beforehand to ward off evil or secure good or success; a precautionary act; as, to take precautions against accident.
Precaution	To warn or caution beforehand.
Precaution	To take precaution against.
Precautional	Precautionary.
Precautionary	Of or pertaining to precaution, or precautions; as, precautionary signals.
Precautious	Taking or using precaution; precautionary.
Precedaneous	Preceding; antecedent; previous.
Preceded	of Precede
Preceding	of Precede
Precede	To go before in order of time; to occur first with relation to anything.
Precede	To go before in place, rank, or importance.
Precede	To cause to be preceded; to preface; to introduce; -- used with by or with before the instrumental object.
Precedence	Alt. of Precedency
Precedency	The act or state of preceding or going before in order of time; priority; as, one event has precedence of another.
Precedency	The act or state of going or being before in rank or dignity, or the place of honor; right to a more honorable place; superior rank; as, barons have precedence of commoners.
Precedent	Going before; anterior; preceding; antecedent; as, precedent services.
Precedent	Something done or said that may serve as an example to authorize a subsequent act of the same kind; an authoritative example.
Precedent	A preceding circumstance or condition; an antecedent; hence, a prognostic; a token; a sign.
Precedent	A rough draught of a writing which precedes a finished copy.
Precedent	A judicial decision which serves as a rule for future determinations in similar or analogous cases; an authority to be followed in courts of justice; forms of proceeding to be followed in similar cases.
Precedented	Having a precedent; authorized or sanctioned by an example of a like kind.
Precedential	Of the nature of a precedent; having force as an example for imitation; as, precedential transactions.
Precedently	Beforehand; antecedently.
Preceding	Going before; -- opposed to following.
Preceding	In the direction toward which stars appear to move. See Following, 2.
Precel	To surpass; to excel; to exceed.
Precellence	Alt. of Precellency
Precellency	Excellence; superiority.
Precellent	Excellent; surpassing.
Precentor	A leader of a choir; a directing singer.
Precentor	The leader of the choir in a cathedral; -- called also the chanter or master of the choir.
Precentor	The leader of the congregational singing in Scottish and other churches.
Precentorship	The office of a precentor.
Precent	Any commandment, instruction, or order intended as an authoritative rule of action; esp., a command respecting moral conduct; an injunction; a rule.
Precent	A command in writing; a species of writ or process.
Precept	To teach by precepts.
Preceptial	Preceptive.
Preception	A precept.
Preceptive	Containing or giving precepts; of the nature of precepts; didactic; as, the preceptive parts of the Scriptures.
Preceptor	One who gives commands, or makes rules; specifically, the master or principal of a school; a teacher; an instructor.
Preceptor	The head of a preceptory among the Knights Templars.
Preceptorial	Of or pertaining to a preceptor.
Preceptory	Preceptive.
Preceptories	of Preceptory
Preceptory	A religious house of the Knights Templars, subordinate to the temple or principal house of the order in London. See Commandery, n., 2.
Preceptress	A woman who is the principal of a school; a female teacher.
Precession	The act of going before, or forward.
Precessional	Of or pertaining to pression; as, the precessional movement of the equinoxes.
Precessor	A predecessor.
Precinct	The limit or exterior line encompassing a place; a boundary; a confine; limit of jurisdiction or authority; -- often in the plural; as, the precincts of a state.
Precinct	A district within certain boundaries; a minor territorial or jurisdictional division; as, an election precinct; a school precinct.
Precinct	A parish or prescribed territory attached to a church, and taxed for its support.
Preciosity	Preciousness; something precious.
Precious	Of great price; costly; as, a precious stone.
Precious	Of great value or worth; very valuable; highly esteemed; dear; beloved; as, precious recollections.
Precious	Particular; fastidious; overnice.
Preciously	In a precious manner; expensively; extremely; dearly. Also used ironically.
Preciousness	The quality or state of being precious; costliness; dearness.
Precipe	See Praecipe, and Precept.
Precipice	A sudden or headlong fall.
Precipice	A headlong steep; a very steep, perpendicular, or overhanging place; an abrupt declivity; a cliff.
Precipient	Commanding; directing.
Precipitability	The quality or state of being precipitable.
Precipitable	Capable of being precipitated, or cast to the bottom, as a substance in solution. See Precipitate, n. (Chem.)
Precipitance	Alt. of Precipitancy
Precipitancy	The quality or state of being precipitant, or precipitate; headlong hurry; excessive or rash haste in resolving, forming an opinion, or executing a purpose; precipitation; as, the precipitancy of youth.
Precipitant	Falling or rushing headlong; rushing swiftly, violently, or recklessly; moving precipitately.
Precipitant	Unexpectedly or foolishly brought on or hastened; rashly hurried; hasty; sudden; reckless.
Precipitant	Any force or reagent which causes the formation of a precipitate.
Precipitantly	With rash or foolish haste; in headlong manner.
Precipitantness	The quality or state of being precipitant; precipitation.
Precipitate	Overhasty; rash; as, the king was too precipitate in declaring war.
Precipitate	Lacking due deliberation or care; hurried; said or done before the time; as, a precipitate measure.
Precipitate	Falling, flowing, or rushing, with steep descent; headlong.
Precipitate	Ending quickly in death; brief and fatal; as, a precipitate case of disease.
Precipitate	An insoluble substance separated from a solution in a concrete state by the action of some reagent added to the solution, or of some force, such as heat or cold. The precipitate may fall to the bottom (whence the name), may be diffused through the solution, or may float at or near the surface.
Precipitated	of Precipitate
Precipitating	of Precipitate
Precipitate	To throw headlong; to cast down from a precipice or height.
Precipitate	To urge or press on with eager haste or violence; to cause to happen, or come to a crisis, suddenly or too soon; as, precipitate a journey, or a conflict.
Precipitate	To separate from a solution, or other medium, in the form of a precipitate; as, water precipitates camphor when in solution with alcohol.
Precipitate	To dash or fall headlong.
Precipitate	To hasten without preparation.
Precipitate	To separate from a solution as a precipitate. See Precipitate, n.
Precipitately	In a precipitate manner; headlong; hastily; rashly.
Precipitation	The act of precipitating, or the state of being precipitated, or thrown headlong.
Precipitation	A falling, flowing, or rushing downward with violence and rapidity.
Precipitation	Great hurry; rash, tumultuous haste; impetuosity.
Precipitation	The act or process of precipitating from a solution.
Precipitator	One who precipitates, or urges on with vehemence or rashness.
Precipitious	Precipitous.
Precipitous	Steep, like a precipice; as, a precipitous cliff or mountain.
Precipitous	Headlong; as, precipitous fall.
Precipitous	Hasty; rash; quick; sudden; precipitate; as, precipitous attempts.
Precis	A concise or abridged statement or view; an abstract; a summary.
Precise	Having determinate limitations; exactly or sharply defined or stated; definite; exact; nice; not vague or equivocal; as, precise rules of morality.
Precise	Strictly adhering or conforming to rule; very nice or exact; punctilious in conduct or ceremony; formal; ceremonious.
Precisian	One who limits, or restrains.
Precisian	An overprecise person; one rigidly or ceremoniously exact in the observance of rules; a formalist; -- formerly applied to the English Puritans.
Precisianism	The quality or state of being a precisian; the practice of a precisian.
Precisianist	A precisian.
Precision	The quality or state of being precise; exact limitation; exactness; accuracy; strict conformity to a rule or a standard; definiteness.
Precisive	Cutting off; (Logic) exactly limiting by cutting off all that is not absolutely relative to the purpose; as, precisive censure; precisive abstraction.
Precluded	of Preclude
Precluding	of Preclude
Preclude	To put a barrier before; hence, to shut out; to hinder; to stop; to impede.
Preclude	To shut out by anticipative action; to prevent or hinder by necessary consequence or implication; to deter action of, access to, employment of, etc.; to render ineffectual; to obviate by anticipation.
Preclusion	The act of precluding, or the state of being precluded; a shutting out.
Preclusive	Shutting out; precluding, or tending to preclude; hindering.
Precoce	Precocious.
Precoces	Same as Praecoces.
Precocious	Ripe or mature before the proper or natural time; early or prematurely ripe or developed; as, precocious trees.
Precocious	Developed more than is natural or usual at a given age; exceeding what is to be expected of one's years; too forward; -- used especially of mental forwardness; as, a precocious child; precocious talents.
Precociously	In a precocious manner.
Precociousness	Alt. of Precocity
Precocity	The quality or state of being precocious; untimely ripeness; premature development, especially of the mental powers; forwardness.
Precoetanean	One contemporary with, but older than, another.
Precogitate	To cogitate beforehand.
Precogita/tion	Previous cogitation.
Precognition	Previous cognition.
Precognition	A preliminary examination of a criminal case with reference to a prosecution.
Precognizable	Cognizable beforehand.
Precognosce	To examine beforehand, as witnesses or evidence.
Precollection	A collection previously made.
Precomposed	of Precompose
Precomposing	of Precompose
Precompose	To compose beforehand.
Preconceit	An opinion or notion formed beforehand; a preconception.
Preconceived	of Preconceive
Preconceiving	of Preconceive
Preconceive	To conceive, or form an opinion of, beforehand; to form a previous notion or idea of.
Preconception	The act of preconceiving; conception or opinion previously formed.
Preconcerted	of Preconcert
Preconcerting	of Preconcert
Preconcert	To concert or arrange beforehand; to settle by previous agreement.
Preconcert	Something concerted or arranged beforehand; a previous agreement.
Preconcerted	Previously arranged; agreed upon beforehand.
Preconcertion	The act of preconcerting; preconcert.
Precondemn	To condemn beforehand.
Precondition	A previous or antecedent condition; a preliminary condition.
Preconform	To conform by way anticipation.
Preconformity	Anticipative or antecedent conformity.
Preconizate	To proclaim; to publish; also, to summon; to call.
Preconization	A publishing by proclamation; a public proclamation.
Preconization	A formal approbation by the pope of a person nominated to an ecclesiastical dignity.
Preconize	To approve by preconization.
Preconquer	To conquer in anticipation.
Preconscious	Of or pertaining to a state before consciousness.
Preconsent	A previous consent.
Preconsigned	of Preconsign
Preconsigning	of Preconsign
Preconsign	To consign beforehand; to make a previous consignment of.
Preconsolidated	Consolidated beforehand.
Preconstitute	To constitute or establish beforehand.
Precontracted	of Precontract
Precontracting	of Precontract
Precontract	To contract, engage, or stipulate previously.
Precontract	To make a previous contract or agreement.
Precontract	A contract preceding another
Precontract	a contract of marriage which, according to the ancient law, rendered void a subsequent marriage solemnized in violation of it.
Precontrive	To contrive or plan beforehand.
Precoracoid	The anterior part of the coracoid (often closely united with the clavicle) in the shoulder girdle of many reptiles and amphibians.
Precordial	Situated in front of the heart; of or pertaining to the praecordia.
Precrural	Situated in front of the leg or thigh; as, the precrural glands of the horse.
Precurrer	A precursor.
Precurse	A forerunning.
Precursive	Preceding; introductory; precursory.
Precursor	One who, or that which, precedes an event, and indicates its approach; a forerunner; a harbinger.
Precursorship	The position or condition of a precursor.
Precursory	Preceding as a precursor or harbinger; indicating something to follow; as, precursory symptoms of a fever.
Precursory	An introduction.
Predacean	A carnivorous animal.
Predaceous	Living by prey; predatory.
Predal	Of or pertaining to prey; plundering; predatory.
Predate	To date anticipation; to affix to (a document) an earlier than the actual date; to antedate; as, a predated deed or letter.
Predation	The act of pillaging.
Predatorily	In a predatory manner.
Predatory	Characterized by plundering; practicing rapine; plundering; pillaging; as, a predatory excursion; a predatory party.
Predatory	Hungry; ravenous; as, predatory spirits.
Predatory	Living by preying upon other animals; carnivorous.
Prede	To prey; to plunder.
Prede	Prey; plunder; booty.
Predecay	Premature decay.
Predecease	To die sooner than.
Predecease	The death of one person or thing before another.
Predecessive	Going before; preceding.
Predecessor	One who precedes; one who has preceded another in any state, position, office, etc.; one whom another follows or comes after, in any office or position.
Predeclare	To declare or announce beforehand; to preannounce.
Prededication	A dedication made previously or beforehand.
Predefine	To define beforehand.
Predeliberation	Previous deliberation.
Predelineation	Previous delineation.
Predella	The step, or raised secondary part, of an altar; a superaltar; hence, in Italian painting, a band or frieze of several pictures running along the front of a superaltar, or forming a border or frame at the foot of an altarpiece.
Predesign	To design or purpose beforehand; to predetermine.
Predesignate	A term used by Sir William Hamilton to define propositions having their quantity indicated by a verbal sign; as, all, none, etc.; -- contrasted with preindesignate, defining propositions of which the quantity is not so indicated.
Predestinarian	Of or pertaining to predestination; as, the predestinarian controversy.
Predestinarian	One who believes in or supports the doctrine of predestination.
Predestinarianism	The system or doctrine of the predestinarians.
Predestinary	Predestinarian.
Predestinate	Predestinated; foreordained; fated.
Predestinated	of Predestinate
Predestinating	of Predestinate
Predestinate	To predetermine or foreordain; to appoint or ordain beforehand by an unchangeable purpose or decree; to preelect.
Predestination	The act of predestinating.
Predestination	The purpose of Good from eternity respecting all events; especially, the preordination of men to everlasting happiness or misery. See Calvinism.
Predestinative	Determining beforehand; predestinating.
Predestinator	One who predestinates, or foreordains.
Predestinator	One who holds to the doctrine of predestination; a predestinarian.
Predestined	of Predestine
Predestining	of Predestine
Predestine	To decree beforehand; to foreordain; to predestinate.
Predestiny	Predestination.
Predeterminable	Capable of being determined beforehand.
Predeterminate	Determined beforehand; as, the predeterminate counsel of God.
Predetermination	The act of previous determination; a purpose formed beforehand; as, the predetermination of God's will.
Predetermined	of Predetermine
Predermining	of Predetermine
Predetermine	To determine (something) beforehand.
Predetermine	To doom by previous decree; to foredoom.
Predetermine	To determine beforehand.
Predial	Consisting of land or farms; landed; as, predial estate; that is, real estate.
Predial	Attached to land or farms; as, predial slaves.
Predial	Issuing or derived from land; as, predial tithes.
Prediastolic	Preceding the diastole of the heart; as, a prediastolic friction sound.
Predicability	The quality or state of being predicable, or affirmable of something, or attributed to something.
Predicable	Capable of being predicated or affirmed of something; affirmable; attributable.
Predicable	Anything affirmable of another; especially, a general attribute or notion as affirmable of, or applicable to, many individuals.
Predicable	One of the five most general relations of attributes involved in logical arrangements, namely, genus, species, difference, property, and accident.
Predicament	A class or kind described by any definite marks; hence, condition; particular situation or state; especially, an unfortunate or trying position or condition.
Predicament	See Category.
Predicamental	Of or pertaining to a predicament.
Predicant	Predicating; affirming; declaring; proclaiming; hence; preaching.
Predicant	One who predicates, affirms, or proclaims; specifically, a preaching friar; a Dominican.
Predicated	of Predicate
Predicating	of Predicate
Predicate	To assert to belong to something; to affirm (one thing of another); as, to predicate whiteness of snow.
Predicate	To found; to base.
Predicate	To affirm something of another thing; to make an affirmation.
Predicate	That which is affirmed or denied of the subject. In these propositions, "Paper is white,"  "Ink is not white,"  whiteness is the predicate affirmed of paper and denied of ink.
Predicate	The word or words in a proposition which express what is affirmed of the subject.
Predicate	Predicated.
Predication	The act of predicating, or of affirming one thing of another; affirmation; assertion.
Predication	Preaching.
Predicative	Expressing affirmation or predication; affirming; predicating, as, a predicative term.
Predicatory	Affirmative; positive.
Predicrotic	A term applied to the pulse wave sometimes seen in a pulse curve or sphygmogram, between the apex of the curve and the dicrotic wave.
Predicted	of Predict
Predicting	of Predict
Predict	To tell or declare beforehand; to foretell; to prophesy; to presage; as, to predict misfortune; to predict the return of a comet.
Predict	A prediction.
Predictable	That may be predicted.
Prediction	The act of foretelling; also, that which is foretold; prophecy.
Predictional	Prophetic; prognostic.
Predictive	Foretelling; prophetic; foreboding.
Predictor	One who predicts; a foreteller.
Predictory	Predictive.
Predigest	To subject (food) to predigestion or artificial digestion.
Predigestion	Digestion too soon performed; hasty digestion.
Predigestion	Artificial digestion of food for use in illness or impaired digestion.
Predilect	To elect or choose beforehand.
Predilection	A previous liking; a prepossession of mind in favor of something; predisposition to choose or like; partiality.
Prediscover	To discover beforehand.
Prediscovery	A previous discovery.
Predisponency	The state of being predisposed; predisposition.
Predisponent	Disposing beforehand; predisposing.
Predisponent	That which predisposes.
Predisposed	of Predispose
Predisposing	of Predispose
Predispose	To dispose or incline beforehand; to give a predisposition or bias to; as, to predispose the mind to friendship.
Predispose	To make fit or susceptible beforehand; to give a tendency to; as, debility predisposes the body to disease.
Predisposition	The act of predisposing, or the state of being predisposed; previous inclination, tendency, or propensity; predilection; -- applied to the mind; as, a predisposition to anger.
Predisposition	Previous fitness or adaptation to any change, impression, or purpose; susceptibility; -- applied to material things; as, the predisposition of the body to disease.
Predominance	The quality or state of being predominant; superiority; ascendency; prevalence; predomination.
Predominance	The superior influence of a planet.
Predominancy	Predominance.
Predominant	Having the ascendency over others; superior in strength, influence, or authority; prevailing; as, a predominant color; predominant excellence.
Predominantly	In a predominant manner.
Predominated	of Predominate
Predominating	of Predominate
Predominate	To be superior in number, strength, influence, or authority; to have controlling power or influence; to prevail; to rule; to have the mastery; as, love predominated in her heart.
Predominate	To rule over; to overpower.
Predomination	The act or state of predominating; ascendency; predominance.
Predoom	To foredoom.
Predorsal	Situated in front of the back; immediately in front, or on the ventral side the dorsal part of the vertebral column.
Predy	Cleared and ready for engagement, as a ship.
Preedy	With ease.
Preef	Proof.
Preelect	To elect beforehand.
Preelection	Election beforehand.
Preeminence	The quality or state of being preeminent; superiority in prominence or in excellence; distinction above others in quality, rank, etc.; rarely, in a bad sense, superiority or notoriety in evil; as, preeminence in honor.
Preeminent	Eminent above others; prominent among those who are eminent; superior in excellence; surpassing, or taking precedence of, others; rarely, surpassing others in evil, or in bad qualities; as, preeminent in guilt.
Preeminently	In a preeminent degree.
Preemploy	To employ beforehand.
Preempted	of Preempt
Preempting	of Preempt
Preempt	To settle upon (public land) with a right of preemption, as under the laws of the United States; to take by preemption.
Preemption	The act or right of purchasing before others.
Preemption	The privilege or prerogative formerly enjoyed by the king of buying provisions for his household in preference to others.
Preemption	The right of an actual settler upon public lands (particularly those of the United States) to purchase a certain portion at a fixed price in preference to all other applicants.
Preemptioner	One who holds a prior to purchase certain public land.
Preemptive	Of or pertaining to preemption; having power to preempt; preempting.
Preemtor	One who preempts; esp., one who preempts public land.
Preemptory	Pertaining to preemption.
Preen	A forked tool used by clothiers in dressing cloth.
Preened	of Preen
Preening	of Preen
Preen	To dress with, or as with, a preen; to trim or dress with the beak, as the feathers; -- said of birds.
Preen	To trim up, as trees.
Preengaged	of Preengage
Preengaging	of Preengage
Preengage	To engage by previous contract; to bind or attach previously; to preoccupy.
Preengagement	Prior engagement, obligation, or attachment, as by contract, promise, or affection.
Preerect	To erect beforehand.
Prees	Press; throng.
Preestablish	To establish beforehand.
Preestablishment	Settlement beforehand.
Preeternity	Infinite previous duration.
Preexamination	Previous examination.
Preexamined	of Preexamine
Preexamining	of Preexamine
Preexamine	To examine beforehand.
Preexisted	of Preexist
Preexisting	of Preexist
Preexist	To exist previously; to exist before something else.
Preexistence	Existence in a former state, or previous to something else.
Preexistence	Existence of the soul before its union with the body; -- a doctrine held by certain philosophers.
Preexistency	Preexistence.
Preexistent	Existing previously; preceding existence; as, a preexistent state.
Preexistentism	The theory of a preexistence of souls before their association with human bodies.
Preexistimation	Previous esteem or estimation.
Preexpectation	Previous expectation.
Preface	Something spoken as introductory to a discourse, or written as introductory to a book or essay; a proem; an introduction, or series of preliminary remarks.
Preface	The prelude or introduction to the canon of the Mass.
Prefaced	of Preface
Prefacing	of Preface
Preface	To introduce by a preface; to give a preface to; as, to preface a book discourse.
Preface	To make a preface.
Prefacer	The writer of a preface.
Prefatorial	Prefatory.
Prefatorily	In a prefatory manner; by way of preface.
Prefatory	Pertaining to, or of the nature of, a preface; introductory to a book, essay, or discourse; as, prefatory remarks.
Prefect	A Roman officer who controlled or superintended a particular command, charge, department, etc.; as, the prefect of the aqueducts; the prefect of a camp, of a fleet, of the city guard, of provisions; the pretorian prefect, who was commander of the troops guarding the emperor's person.
Prefect	A superintendent of a department who has control of its police establishment, together with extensive powers of municipal regulation.
Prefect	In the Greek and Roman Catholic churches, a title of certain dignitaries below the rank of bishop.
Prefectorial	Of or pertaining to a prefect.
Prefectship	The office or jurisdiction of a prefect.
Prefecture	The office, position, or jurisdiction of a prefect; also, his official residence.
Prefecundation	A term collectively applied to the changes or conditions preceding fecundation, especially to the changes which the ovum undergoes before fecundation.
Prefecundatory	Of or pertaining to prefecundation.
Preferred	of Prefer
Preferring	of Prefer
Prefer	To carry or bring (something) forward, or before one; hence, to bring for consideration, acceptance, judgment, etc.; to offer; to present; to proffer; to address; -- said especially of a request, prayer, petition, claim, charge, etc.
Prefer	To go before, or be before, in estimation; to outrank; to surpass.
Prefer	To cause to go before; hence, to advance before others, as to an office or dignity; to raise; to exalt; to promote; as, to prefer an officer to the rank of general.
Prefer	To set above or before something else in estimation, favor, or liking; to regard or honor before another; to hold in greater favor; to choose rather; -- often followed by to, before, or above.
Preferability	The quality or state of being preferable; preferableness.
Preferable	Worthy to be preferred or chosen before something else; more desirable; as, a preferable scheme.
Preferableness	The quality or state of being preferable.
Preferably	In preference; by choice.
Preference	The act of Preferring, or the state of being preferred; the setting of one thing before another; precedence; higher estimation; predilection; choice; also, the power or opportunity of choosing; as, to give him his preference.
Preference	That which is preferred; the object of choice or superior favor; as, which is your preference?
Preferential	Giving, indicating, or having a preference or precedence; as, a preferential claim; preferential shares.
Preferment	The act of choosing, or the state of being chosen; preference.
Preferment	The act of preferring, or advancing in dignity or office; the state of being advanced; promotion.
Preferment	A position or office of honor or profit; as, the preferments of the church.
Preferrer	One who prefers.
Prefidence	The quality or state of being prefident.
Prefident	Trusting beforehand; hence, overconfident.
Prefigurate	To prefigure.
Prefiguration	The act of prefiguring, or the state of being prefigured.
Prefigurative	Showing by prefiguration.
Prefigured	of Prefigure
Prefiguring	of Prefigure
Prefigure	To show, suggest, or announce, by antecedent types and similitudes; to foreshadow.
Prefigurement	The act of prefiguring; prefiguration; also, that which is prefigured.
Prefine	To limit beforehand.
Prefinite	Prearranged.
Prefinition	Previous limitation.
Prefixed	of Prefix
Prefixing	of Prefix
Prefix	To put or fix before, or at the beginning of, another thing; as, to prefix a syllable to a word, or a condition to an agreement.
Prefix	To set or appoint beforehand; to settle or establish antecedently.
Prefix	That which is prefixed; esp., one or more letters or syllables combined or united with the beginning of a word to modify its signification; as, pre- in prefix, con- in conjure.
Prefixion	The act of prefixing.
Prefloration	Aestivation.
Prefoliation	Vernation.
Preform	To form beforehand, or for special ends.
Preformation	An old theory of the preexistence of germs.  Cf. Embo/tement.
Preformative	A formative letter at the beginning of a word.
Prefrontal	Situated in front of the frontal bone, or the frontal region of the skull; ectethmoid, as a certain bone in the nasal capsule of many animals, and certain scales of reptiles and fishes.
Prefrontal	A prefrontal bone or scale.
Prefulgency	Superior brightness or effulgency.
Pregage	To preengage.
Preglacial	Prior to the glacial or drift period.
Pregnable	Capable of being entered, taken, or captured; expugnable; as, a pregnable fort.
Pregnance	Pregnancy.
Pregnancy	The condition of being pregnant; the state of being with young.
Pregnancy	Figuratively: The quality of being heavy with important contents, issue, significance, etc.; unusual consequence or capacity; fertility.
Pregnant	Being with young, as a female; having conceived; great with young; breeding; teeming; gravid; preparing to bring forth.
Pregnant	Heavy with important contents, significance, or issue; full of consequence or results; weighty; as, pregnant replies.
Pregnant	Full of promise; abounding in ability, resources, etc.; as, a pregnant youth.
Pregnant	A pregnant woman.
Pregnant	Affording entrance; receptive; yielding; willing; open; prompt.
Pregnantly	In a pregnant manner; fruitfully; significantly.
Pregnantly	Unresistingly; openly; hence, clearly; evidently.
Pregravate	To bear down; to depress.
Pregravitate	To descend by gravity; to sink.
Pregustant	Tasting beforehand; having a foretaste.
Pregustation	The act of tasting beforehand; foretaste.
Prehallux	An extra first toe, or rudiment of a toe, on the preaxial side of the hallux.
Prehend	To lay hold of; to seize.
Prehensi-ble	Capable of being seized.
Prehensile	Adapted to seize or grasp; seizing; grasping; as, the prehensile tail of a monkey.
Prehension	The act of taking hold, seizing, or grasping, as with the hand or other member.
Prehensory	Adapted to seize or grasp; prehensile.
Prehistoric	Of or pertaining to a period before written history begins; as, the prehistoric ages; prehistoric man.
Prehnite	A pale green mineral occurring in crystalline aggregates having a botryoidal or mammillary structure, and rarely in distinct crystals. It is a hydrous silicate of alumina and lime.
Prehnitic	Pertaining to, or designating, a tetrabasic acid of benzene obtained as a white crystalline substance; -- probably so called from the resemblance of the wartlike crystals to the mammillae on the surface of prehnite.
Preindesignate	Having no sign expressive of quantity; indefinite. See Predesignate.
Preindispose	To render indisposed beforehand.
Preinstructed	of Preinstruct
Preinstructing	of Preinstruct
Preinstruct	To instruct previously or beforehand.
Preintimation	Previous intimation; a suggestion beforehand.
Prejudged	of Prejudge
Prejudging	of Prejudge
Prejudge	To judge before hearing, or before full and sufficient examination; to decide or sentence by anticipation; to condemn beforehand.
Prejudgment	The act of prejudging; decision before sufficient examination.
Prejudicacy	Prejudice; prepossession.
Prejudical	Of or pertaining to the determination of some matter not previously decided; as, a prejudical inquiry or action at law.
Prejudicant	Influenced by prejudice; biased.
Prejudicate	Formed before due examination.
Prejudicate	Biased by opinions formed prematurely; prejudiced.
Prejudicated	of Prejudicate
Prejudicating	of Prejudicate
Prejudicate	To determine beforehand, especially to disadvantage; to prejudge.
Prejudicate	To prejudge.
Prejudicately	With prejudice.
Prejudication	The act of prejudicating, or of judging without due examination of facts and evidence; prejudgment.
Prejudication	A preliminary inquiry and determination about something which belongs to a matter in dispute.
Prejudication	A previous treatment and decision of a point; a precedent.
Prejudicative	Forming a judgment without due examination; prejudging.
Prejudice	Foresight.
Prejudice	An opinion or judgment formed without due examination; prejudgment; a leaning toward one side of a question from other considerations than those belonging to it; an unreasonable predilection for, or objection against, anything; especially, an opinion or leaning adverse to anything, without just grounds, or before sufficient knowledge.
Prejudice	A bias on the part of judge, juror, or witness which interferes with fairness of judgment.
Prejudice	Mischief; hurt; damage; injury; detriment.
Prejudiced	of Prejudice
Prejudicing	of Prejudice
Prejudice	To cause to have prejudice; to prepossess with opinions formed without due knowledge or examination; to bias the mind of, by hasty and incorrect notions; to give an unreasonable bent to, as to one side or the other of a cause; as, to prejudice a critic or a juryman.
Prejudice	To obstruct or injure by prejudices, or by previous bias of the mind; hence, generally, to hurt; to damage; to injure; to impair; as, to prejudice a good cause.
Prejudicial	Biased, possessed, or blinded by prejudices; as, to look with a prejudicial eye.
Prejudicial	Tending to obstruct or impair; hurtful; injurious; disadvantageous; detrimental.
Preknowledge	Prior knowledge.
Prelacies	of Prelacy
Prelacy	The office or dignity of a prelate; church government by prelates.
Prelacy	The order of prelates, taken collectively; the body of ecclesiastical dignitaries.
Prelal	Of or pertaining to printing; typographical.
Prelate	A clergyman of a superior order, as an archbishop or a bishop, having authority over the lower clergy; a dignitary of the church.
Prelate	To act as a prelate.
Prelateity	Prelacy.
Prelateship	The office of a prelate.
Prelatess	A woman who is a prelate; the wife of a prelate.
Prelatial	Prelatical.
Prelatic	Alt. of Prelatical
Prelatical	Of or pertaining to prelates or prelacy; as, prelatical authority.
Prelatically	In a prelatical manner; with reference to prelates.
Prelation	The setting of one above another; preference.
Prelatism	Prelacy; episcopacy.
Prelatist	One who supports of advocates prelacy, or the government of the church by prelates; hence, a high-churchman.
Prelatized	of Prelatize
Prelatizing	of Prelatize
Prelatize	To bring under the influence of prelacy.
Prelatize	To uphold or encourage prelacy; to exercise prelatical functions.
Prelatry	Prelaty; prelacy.
Prelature	Alt. of Prelatureship
Prelatureship	The state or dignity of a prelate; prelacy.
Prelaty	Prelacy.
Prelected	of Prelect
Prelecting	of Prelect
Prelect	To read publicly, as a lecture or discourse.
Prelect	To discourse publicly; to lecture.
Prelection	A lecture or discourse read in public or to a select company.
Prelector	A reader of lectures or discourses; a lecturer.
Prelibation	A tasting beforehand, or by anticipation; a foretaste; as, a prelibation of heavenly bliss.
Prelibation	A pouring out, or libation, before tasting.
Preliminarily	In a preliminary manner.
Preliminary	Introductory; previous; preceding the main discourse or business; prefatory; as, preliminary observations to a discourse or book; preliminary articles to a treaty; preliminary measures; preliminary examinations.
Preliminaries	of Preliminary
Preliminary	That which precedes the main discourse, work, design, or business; something introductory or preparatory; as, the preliminaries to a negotiation or duel; to take one's preliminaries the year before entering college.
Prelimit	To limit previously.
Prelook	To look forward.
Prelude	An introductory performance, preceding and preparing for the principal matter; a preliminary part, movement, strain, etc.; especially (Mus.), a strain introducing the theme or chief subject; a movement introductory to a fugue, yet independent; -- with recent composers often synonymous with overture.
Preluded	of Prelude
Preluding	of Prelude
Prelude	To play an introduction or prelude; to give a prefatory performance; to serve as prelude.
Prelude	To introduce with a previous performance; to play or perform a prelude to; as, to prelude a concert with a lively air.
Prelude	To serve as prelude to; to precede as introductory.
Preluder	One who, or that which, preludes; one who plays a prelude.
Preludial	Of or pertaining to a prelude; of the nature of a prelude; introductory.
Preludious	Preludial.
Prelumbar	Situated immediately in front of the loins; -- applied to the dorsal part of the abdomen.
Prelusive	Of the nature of a prelude; introductory; indicating that something of a like kind is to follow.
Prelusorily	In a prelusory way.
Prelusory	Introductory; prelusive.
Premature	Mature or ripe before the proper time; as, the premature fruits of a hotbed.
Premature	Happening, arriving, existing, or performed before the proper or usual time; adopted too soon; too early; untimely; as, a premature fall of snow; a premature birth; a premature opinion; premature decay.
Premature	Arriving or received without due authentication or evidence; as, a premature report.
Prematurity	The quality or state of being premature; early, or untimely, ripeness; as, the prematurity of genius.
Premaxillae	of Premaxilla
Premaxilla	A bone on either side of the middle line between the nose and mouth, forming the anterior part of each half of the upper jawbone; the intermaxilla. In man the premaxillae become united and form the incisor part of the maxillary bone.
Premaxillary	Situated in front of the maxillary bones; pertaining to the premaxillae; intermaxillary.
Premaxillary	A premaxilla.
Premediate	To advocate.
Premeditated	of Premeditate
Premeditating	of Premeditate
Premeditate	To think on, and revolve in the mind, beforehand; to contrive and design previously; as, to premeditate robbery.
Premeditate	To think, consider, deliberate, or revolve in the mind, beforehand.
Premeditate	Premeditated; deliberate.
Premeditately	With premeditation.
Premeditation	The act of meditating or contriving beforehand; previous deliberation; forethought.
Premerit	To merit or deserve beforehand.
Premial	Alt. of Premiant
Premiant	Serving to reward; rewarding.
Premices	First fruits.
Premier	First; chief; principal; as, the premier place; premier minister.
Premier	Most ancient; -- said of the peer bearing the oldest title of his degree.
Premier	The first minister of state; the prime minister.
Premiership	The office of the premier.
Premillennial	Previous to the millennium.
Premious	Rich in gifts.
Premises	of Premise
Premise	A proposition antecedently supposed or proved; something previously stated or assumed as the basis of further argument; a condition; a supposition.
Premise	Either of the first two propositions of a syllogism, from which the conclusion is drawn.
Premise	Matters previously stated or set forth; esp., that part in the beginning of a deed, the office of which is to express the grantor and grantee, and the land or thing granted or conveyed, and all that precedes the habendum; the thing demised or granted.
Premise	A piece of real estate; a building and its adjuncts; as, to lease premises; to trespass on another's premises.
Premised	of Premise
Premising	of Premise
Premise	To send before the time, or beforehand; hence, to cause to be before something else; to employ previously.
Premise	To set forth beforehand, or as introductory to the main subject; to offer previously, as something to explain or aid in understanding what follows; especially, to lay down premises or first propositions, on which rest the subsequent reasonings.
Premise	To make a premise; to set forth something as a premise.
Premiss	Premise.
Premit	To premise.
Premiums	of Premium
Premium	A reward or recompense; a prize to be won by being before another, or others, in a competition; reward or prize to be adjudged; a bounty; as, a premium for good behavior or scholarship, for discoveries, etc.
Premium	Something offered or given for the loan of money; bonus; -- sometimes synonymous with interest, but generally signifying a sum in addition to the capital.
Premium	A sum of money paid to underwriters for insurance, or for undertaking to indemnify for losses of any kind.
Premium	A sum in advance of, or in addition to, the nominal or par value of anything; as, gold was at a premium; he sold his stock at a premium.
Premolar	Situated in front of the molar teeth.
Premolar	An anterior molar tooth which has replaced a deciduous molar. See Tooth.
Premonished	of Premonish
Premonishing	of Premonish
Premonish	To forewarn; to admonish beforehand.
Premonishment	Previous warning or admonition; forewarning.
Premonition	Previous warning, notice, or information; forewarning; as, a premonition of danger.
Premonitor	One who, or that which, gives premonition.
Premonitory	Giving previous warning or notice; as, premonitory symptoms of disease.
Premonstrant	A Premonstratensian.
Premonstrate	To show beforehand; to foreshow.
Premonstratensian	One of a religious order of regular canons founded by St. Norbert at Premontre, in France, in 1119. The members of the order are called also White Canons, Norbertines, and Premonstrants.
Premonstration	A showing beforehand; foreshowing.
Premonstrator	One who, or that which, premonstrates.
Premorse	Terminated abruptly, or as it bitten off.
Premosaic	Relating to the time before Moses; as, premosaic history.
Premotion	Previous motion or excitement to action.
Premunire	See Praemunire.
Premunite	To fortify beforehand; to guard against objection.
Premunition	The act of fortifying or guarding against objections.
Premunitory	Of or pertaining to a premunire; as, a premunitory process.
Prenasal	Situated in front of the nose, or in front of the nasal chambers.
Prenatal	Being or happening before birth.
Prender	The power or right of taking a thing before it is offered.
Prenomen	See Praenomen.
Prenominal	Serving as a prefix in a compound name.
Prenominate	Forenamed; named beforehand.
Prenominate	To forename; to name beforehand; to tell by name beforehand.
Prenomination	The act of prenominating; privilege of being named first.
Prenostic	A prognostic; an omen.
Prenote	To note or designate beforehand.
Prenotion	A notice or notion which precedes something else in time; previous notion or thought; foreknowledge.
Prensation	The act of seizing with violence.
Prentice	An apprentice.
Prenticehood	Apprenticehood.
Prenticeship	Apprenticeship.
Prenunciation	The act of announcing or proclaiming beforehand.
Prenuncious	Announcing beforehand; presaging.
Preoblongata	The anterior part of the medulla oblongata.
Preobtain	To obtain beforehand.
Preoccupancy	The act or right of taking possession before another; as, the preoccupancy of wild land.
Preoccupate	To anticipate; to take before.
Preoccupate	To prepossess; to prejudice.
Preoccupation	The act of preoccupying, or taking possession of beforehand; the state of being preoccupied; prepossession.
Preoccupation	Anticipation of objections.
Preoccupied	of Preoccupy
Preoccupying	of Preoccupy
Preoccupy	To take possession of before another; as, to preoccupy a country not before held.
Preoccupy	To prepossess; to engage, occupy, or engross the attention of, beforehand; hence, to prejudice.
Preocular	Placed just in front of the eyes, as the antennae of certain insects.
Preocular	One of the scales just in front of the eye of a reptile or fish.
Preominate	To ominate beforehand; to portend.
Preopercular	Situated in front of the operculum; pertaining to the preoperculum.
Preopercular	The preoperculum.
Preoperculum	The anterior opercular bone in fishes.
Preopinion	Opinion previously formed; prepossession; prejudice.
Preoption	Right of first choice.
Preoral	Situated in front of, or anterior to, the mouth; as, preoral bands.
Preorbital	Situated in front or the orbit.
Preordain	To ordain or appoint beforehand: to predetermine: to foreordain.
Preorder	To order to arrange beforehand; to foreordain.
Preordinance	Antecedent decree or determination.
Preordinate	Preordained.
Preordination	The act of foreordaining: previous determination.
Preparable	Capable of being prepared.
Preparation	The act of preparing or fitting beforehand for a particular purpose, use, service, or condition; previous arrangement or adaptation; a making ready; as, the preparation of land for a crop of wheat; the preparation of troops for a campaign.
Preparation	The state of being prepared or made ready; preparedness; readiness; fitness; as, a nation in good preparation for war.
Preparation	That which makes ready, prepares the way, or introduces; a preparatory act or measure.
Preparation	That which is prepared, made, or compounded by a certain process or for a particular purpose; a combination. Specifically: (a) Any medicinal substance fitted for use. (b) Anything treated for preservation or examination as a specimen. (c) Something prepared for use in cookery.
Preparation	An army or fleet.
Preparation	The holding over of a note from one chord into the next chord, where it forms a temporary discord, until resolved in the chord that follows; the anticipation of a discordant note in the preceding concord, so that the ear is prepared for the shock. See Suspension.
Preparation	Accomplishment; qualification.
Preparative	Tending to prepare or make ready; having the power of preparing, qualifying, or fitting; preparatory.
Preparative	That which has the power of preparing, or previously fitting for a purpose; that which prepares.
Preparative	That which is done in the way of preparation.
Preparatively	By way of preparation.
Preparator	One who prepares beforehand, as subjects for dissection, specimens for preservation in collections, etc.
Preparatory	Preparing the way for anything by previous measures of adaptation; antecedent and adapted to what follows; introductory; preparative; as, a preparatory school; a preparatory condition.
Prepare/	of Prepare
Preparing	of Prepare
Prepare	To fit, adapt, or qualify for a particular purpose or condition; to make ready; to put into a state for use or application; as, to prepare ground for seed; to prepare a lesson.
Prepare	To procure as suitable or necessary; to get ready; to provide; as, to prepare ammunition and provisions for troops; to prepare ships for defence; to prepare an entertainment.
Prepare	To make all things ready; to put things in order; as, to prepare for a hostile invasion.
Prepare	To make one's self ready; to get ready; to take the necessary previous measures; as, to prepare for death.
Prepare	Preparation.
Prepared	Made fit or suitable; adapted; ready; as, prepared food; prepared questions.
Preparer	One who, or that which, prepares, fits, or makes ready.
Prepaid	of Prepay
Prepaying	of Prepay
Prepay	To pay in advance, or beforehand; as, to prepay postage.
Prepayment	Payment in advance.
Prepenial	Situated in front of, or anterior to, the penis.
Prepense	To weigh or consider beforehand; to premeditate.
Prepense	To deliberate beforehand.
Prepense	Devised, contrived, or planned beforehand; preconceived; premeditated; aforethought; -- usually placed after the word it qualifies; as, malice prepense.
Prepensely	In a premeditated manner.
Prepollence	Alt. of Prepollency
Prepollency	The quality or state of being prepollent; superiority of power; predominance; prevalence.
Prepollent	Having superior influence or power; prevailing; predominant.
Prepollices	of Prepollent
Prepollent	An extra first digit, or rudiment of a digit, on the preaxial side of the pollex.
Preponder	To preponderate.
Preponderance	Alt. of Preponderancy
Preponderancy	The quality or state of being preponderant; superiority or excess of weight, influence, or power, etc.; an outweighing.
Preponderancy	The excess of weight of that part of a canon behind the trunnions over that in front of them.
Preponderant	Preponderating; outweighing; overbalancing; -- used literally and figuratively; as, a preponderant weight; of preponderant importance.
Preponderated	of Preponderate
Preponderating	of Preponderate
Preponderate	To outweigh; to overpower by weight; to exceed in weight; to overbalance.
Preponderate	To overpower by stronger or moral power.
Preponderate	To cause to prefer; to incline; to decide.
Preponderate	To exceed in weight; hence, to incline or descend, as the scale of a balance; figuratively, to exceed in influence, power, etc.; hence; to incline to one side; as, the affirmative side preponderated.
Preponderatingly	In a preponderating manner; preponderantly.
Preponderation	The act or state of preponderating; preponderance; as, a preponderation of reasons.
Prepose	To place or set before; to prefix.
Preposition	A word employed to connect a noun or a pronoun, in an adjectival or adverbial sense, with some other word; a particle used with a noun or pronoun (in English always in the objective case) to make a phrase limiting some other word; -- so called because usually placed before the word with which it is phrased; as, a bridge of iron; he comes from town; it is good for food; he escaped by running.
Preposition	A proposition; an exposition; a discourse.
Prepositional	Of or pertaining to a preposition; of the nature of a preposition.
Prepositive	Put before; prefixed; as, a prepositive particle.
Prepositive	A prepositive word.
Prepositor	A scholar appointed to inspect other scholars; a monitor.
Prepositure	The office or dignity of a provost; a provostship.
Prepossessed	of Prepossess
Prepossessing	of Prepossess
Prepossess	To preoccupy, as ground or land; to take previous possession of.
Prepossess	To preoccupy, as the mind or heart, so as to preclude other things; hence, to bias or prejudice; to give a previous inclination to, for or against anything; esp., to induce a favorable opinion beforehand, or at the outset.
Prepossessing	Tending to invite favor; attracting confidence, favor, esteem, or love; attractive; as, a prepossessing manner.
Prepossession	Preoccupation; prior possession.
Prepossession	Preoccupation of the mind by an opinion, or impression, already formed; preconceived opinion; previous impression; bias; -- generally, but not always, used in a favorable sense; as, the prepossessions of childhood.
Prepossessor	One who possesses, or occupies, previously.
Preposterous	Having that first which ought to be last; inverted in order.
Preposterous	Contrary to nature or reason; not adapted to the end; utterly and glaringly foolish; unreasonably absurd; perverted.
Prepostor	See Prepositor.
Prepotency	The quality or condition of being prepotent; predominance.
Prepotency	The capacity, on the part of one of the parents, as compared with the other, to transmit more than his or her own share of characteristics to their offspring.
Prepotent	Very powerful; superior in force, influence, or authority; predominant.
Prepotent	Characterized by prepotency.
Preprovide	To provide beforehand.
Prepubic	Situated in front of, or anterior to, the pubis; pertaining to the prepubis.
Prepubis	A bone or cartilage, of some animals, situated in the middle line in front of the pubic bones.
Prepuce	The foreskin.
Preputial	Of or pertaining to the prepuce.
Preraphaelism	Alt. of Preraphaelitism
Preraphaelitism	The doctrine or practice of a school of modern painters who profess to be followers of the painters before Raphael. Its adherents advocate careful study from nature, delicacy and minuteness of workmanship, and an exalted and delicate conception of the subject.
Preraphaelite	Of or pertaining to the style called preraphaelitism; as, a preraphaelite figure; a preraphaelite landscape.
Preraphaelite	One who favors or practices art as it was before Raphael; one who favors or advocates preraphaelitism.
Preregnant	One who reigns before another; a sovereign predecessor.
Preremote	More remote in previous time or prior order.
Prerequire	To require beforehand.
Prerequisite	Previously required; necessary as a preliminary to any proposed effect or end; as, prerequisite conditions of success.
Prerequisite	Something previously required, or necessary to an end or effect proposed.
Preresolved	of Preresolve
Preresolving	of Preresolve
Preresolve	To resolve beforehand; to predetermine.
Prerogative	An exclusive or peculiar privilege; prior and indefeasible right; fundamental and essential possession; -- used generally of an official and hereditary right which may be asserted without question, and for the exercise of which there is no responsibility or accountability as to the fact and the manner of its exercise.
Prerogative	Precedence; preeminence; first rank.
Prerogatived	Endowed with a prerogative, or exclusive privilege.
Prerogatively	By prerogative.
Presage	Something which foreshows or portends a future event; a prognostic; an omen; an augury.
Presage	Power to look the future, or the exercise of that power; foreknowledge; presentiment.
Presaged	of Presage
Presaging	of Presage
Presage	To have a presentiment of; to feel beforehand; to foreknow.
Presage	To foretell; to predict; to foreshow; to indicate.
Presage	To form or utter a prediction; -- sometimes used with of.
Presageful	Full of presages; ominous.
Presagement	The act or art of presaging; a foreboding.
Presagement	That which is presaged, or foretold.
Presager	One who, or that which, presages; a foreteller; a foreboder.
Presagious	Foreboding; ominous.
Presbyope	One who has presbyopia; a farsighted person.
Presbyopia	A defect of vision consequent upon advancing age. It is due to rigidity of the crystalline lens, which produces difficulty of accommodation and recession of the near point of vision, so that objects very near the eyes can not be seen distinctly without the use of convex glasses. Called also presbytia.
Presbyopic	Affected by presbyopia; also, remedying presbyopia; farsighted.
Presbyopy	See Presbyopia.
Presbyte	Same as Presbyope.
Presbyter	An elder in the early Christian church. See 2d Citation under Bishop, n., 1.
Presbyter	One ordained to the second order in the ministry; -- called also priest.
Presbyter	A member of a presbytery whether lay or clerical.
Presbyter	A Presbyterian.
Presbyteral	Of or pertaining to a presbyter or presbytery; presbyterial.
Presbyterate	A presbytery; also, presbytership.
Presbyteress	A female presbyter.
Presbyterial	Presbyterian.
Presbyterian	Of or pertaining to a presbyter, or to ecclesiastical government by presbyters; relating to those who uphold church government by presbyters; also, to the doctrine, discipline, and worship of a communion so governed.
Presbyterian	One who maintains the validity of ordination and government by presbyters; a member of the Presbyterian church.
Presbyterianism	That form of church government which invests presbyters with all spiritual power, and admits no prelates over them; also, the faith and polity of the Presbyterian churches, taken collectively.
Presbyterium	Same as Presbytery, 4.
Presbytership	The office or station of a presbyter; presbyterate.
Presbyteries	of Presbytery
Presbytery	A body of elders in the early Christian church.
Presbytery	A judicatory consisting of all the ministers within a certain district, and one layman, who is a ruling elder, from each parish or church, commissioned to represent the church in conjunction with the pastor. This body has a general jurisdiction over the churches under its care, and next below the provincial synod in authority.
Presbytery	The Presbyterian religion of polity.
Presbytery	That part of the church reserved for the officiating priest.
Presbytery	The residence of a priest or clergyman.
Presbytia	Presbyopia.
Presbytic	Same as Presbyopic.
Presbytism	Presbyopia.
Presscapula	The part of the scapula in front of, or above, the spine, or mesoscapula.
Prescapular	Of or pertaining to the prescapula; supraspinous.
Prescience	Knowledge of events before they take place; foresight.
Prescient	Having knowledge of coming events; foreseeing; conscious beforehand.
Presciently	With prescience or foresight.
Prescind	To cut off; to abstract.
Prescind	To consider by a separate act of attention or analysis.
Presciendent	Foreknowing; having foreknowledge; as, prescious of ills.
Prescribed	of Prescribe
Prescribing	of Prescribe
Prescribe	To lay down authoritatively as a guide, direction, or rule of action; to impose as a peremptory order; to dictate; to appoint; to direct.
Prescribe	To direct, as a remedy to be used by a patient; as, the doctor prescribed quinine.
Prescribe	To give directions; to dictate.
Prescribe	To influence by long use
Prescribe	To write or to give medical directions; to indicate remedies; as, to prescribe for a patient in a fever.
Prescribe	To claim by prescription; to claim a title to a thing on the ground of immemorial use and enjoyment, that is, by a custom having the force of law.
Prescriber	One who prescribes.
Prescript	Directed; prescribed.
Prescript	Direction; precept; model prescribed.
Prescript	A medical prescription.
Prescriptibility	The quality or state of being prescriptible.
Prescriptible	Depending on, or derived from, prescription; proper to be prescribed.
Prescription	The act of prescribing, directing, or dictating; direction; precept; also, that which is prescribed.
Prescription	A direction of a remedy or of remedies for a disease, and the manner of using them; a medical recipe; also, a prescribed remedy.
Prescription	A prescribing for title; the claim of title to a thing by virtue immemorial use and enjoyment; the right or title acquired by possession had during the time and in the manner fixed by law.
Prescriptive	Consisting in, or acquired by, immemorial or long-continued use and enjoyment; as, a prescriptive right of title; pleading the continuance and authority of long custom.
Prescriptively	By prescription.
Prescuta	of Prescutum
Prescutum	The first of the four pieces composing the dorsal part, or tergum, of a thoracic segment of an insect. It is usually small and inconspicuous.
Preseance	Priority of place in sitting.
Preselect	To select beforehand.
Presence	The state of being present, or of being within sight or call, or at hand; -- opposed to absence.
Presence	The place in which one is present; the part of space within one's ken, call, influence, etc.; neighborhood without the intervention of anything that forbids intercourse.
Presence	Specifically, neighborhood to the person of one of superior of exalted rank; also, presence chamber.
Presence	The whole of the personal qualities of an individual; person; personality; especially, the person of a superior, as a sovereign.
Presence	An assembly, especially of person of rank or nobility; noble company.
Presence	Port, mien; air; personal appearence.
Presensation	Previous sensation, notion, or idea.
Presension	Previous perception.
Present	Being at hand, within reach or call, within certain contemplated limits; -- opposed to absent.
Present	Now existing, or in process; begun but not ended; now in view, or under consideration; being at this time; not past or future; as, the present session of Congress; the present state of affairs; the present instance.
Present	Not delayed; immediate; instant; coincident.
Present	Ready; quick in emergency; as a present wit.
Present	Favorably attentive; propitious.
Present	Present time; the time being; time in progress now, or at the moment contemplated; as, at this present.
Present	Present letters or instrument, as a deed of conveyance, a lease, letter of attorney, or other writing; as in the phrase, " Know all men by these presents," that is, by the writing itself, " per has literas praesentes; " -- in this sense, rarely used in the singular.
Present	A present tense, or the form of the verb denoting the present tense.
Presented	of Present
Presenting	of Present
Present	To bring or introduce into the presence of some one, especially of a superior; to introduce formally; to offer for acquaintance; as, to present an envoy to the king; (with the reciprocal pronoun) to come into the presence of a superior.
Present	To exhibit or offer to view or notice; to lay before one's perception or cognizance; to set forth; to present a fine appearance.
Present	To pass over, esp. in a ceremonious manner; to give in charge or possession; to deliver; to make over.
Present	To make a gift of; to bestow; to give, generally in a formal or ceremonious manner; to grant; to confer.
Present	Hence: To endow; to bestow a gift upon; to favor, as with a donation; also, to court by gifts.
Present	To present; to personate.
Present	To nominate to an ecclesiastical benefice; to offer to the bishop or ordinary as a candidate for institution.
Present	To nominate for support at a public school or other institution .
Present	To lay before a public body, or an official, for consideration, as before a legislature, a court of judicature, a corporation, etc.; as, to present a memorial, petition, remonstrance, or indictment.
Present	To lay before a court as an object of inquiry; to give notice officially of, as a crime of offence; to find or represent judicially; as, a grand jury present certain offenses or nuisances, or whatever they think to be public injuries.
Present	To bring an indictment against .
Present	To aim, point, or direct, as a weapon; as, to present a pistol or the point of a sword to the breast of another.
Present	To appear at the mouth of the uterus so as to be perceptible to the finger in vaginal examination; -- said of a part of an infant during labor.
Present	Anything presented or given; a gift; a donative; as, a Christmas present.
Present	The position of a soldier in presenting arms; as, to stand at present.
Presentable	Capable or admitting of being presented; suitable to be exhibited, represented, or offered; fit to be brought forward or set forth; hence, fitted to be introduced to another, or to go into society; as, ideas that are presentable in simple language; she is not presentable in such a gown.
Presentable	Admitting of the presentation of a clergiman; as, a church presentable.
Presentaneous	Ready; quick; immediate in effect; as, presentaneous poison.
Presentation	The act of presenting, or the state of being presented; a setting forth; an offering; bestowal.
Presentation	exhibition; representation; display; appearance; semblance; show.
Presentation	That which is presented or given; a present; a gift, as, the picture was a presentation.
Presentation	The act of offering a clergyman to the bishop or ordinary for institution in a benefice; the right of presenting a clergyman.
Presentation	The particular position of the child during labor relatively to the passage though which it is to be brought forth; -- specifically designated by the part which first appears at the mouth of the uterus; as, a breech presentation.
Presentative	Having the right of presentation, or offering a clergyman to the bishop for institution; as, advowsons are presentative, collative, or donative.
Presentative	Admitting the presentation of a clergyman; as, a presentative parsonage.
Presentative	Capable of being directly known by, or presented to, the mind; intuitive; directly apprehensible, as objects; capable of apprehending, as faculties.
Presentee	One to whom something is presented; also, one who is presented; specifically (Eccl.), one presented to benefice.
Presenter	One who presents.
Presential	Implying actual presence; present, immediate.
Presentiality	State of being actually present.
Presentiate	To make present.
Presentient	Feeling or perceiving beforehand.
Presentific	Making present.
Presentifical	Presentific.
Presentiment	Previous sentiment, conception, or opinion; previous apprehension; especially, an antecedent impression or conviction of something unpleasant, distressing, or calamitous, about to happen; anticipation of evil; foreboding.
Presentimental	Of nature of a presentiment; foreboding.
Presention	See Presension.
Presentive	Bringing a conception or notion directly before the mind; presenting an object to the memory of imagination; -- distinguished from symbolic.
Presently	At present; at this time; now.
Presently	At once; without delay; forthwith; also, less definitely, soon; shortly; before long; after a little while; by and by.
Presently	With actual presence; actually .
Presentment	The act of presenting, or the state of being presented; presentation.
Presentment	Setting forth to view; delineation; appearance; representation; exhibition.
Presentment	The notice taken by a grand jury of any offence from their own knowledge or observation, without any bill of indictment laid before them, as, the presentment of a nuisance, a libel, or the like; also, an inquisition of office and indictment by a grand jury; an official accusation presented to a tribunal by the grand jury in an indictment, or the act of offering an indictment; also, the indictment itself.
Presentment	The official notice (formerly required to be given in court) of the surrender of a copyhold estate.
Presentness	The quality or state of being present; presence.
Presentoir	An ornamental tray, dish, or the like, used as a salver.
Preservable	Capable of being preserved; admitting of preservation.
Preservation	The act or process of preserving, or keeping safe; the state of being preserved, or kept from injury, destruction, or decay; security; safety; as, preservation of life, fruit, game, etc.; a picture in good preservation.
Preservative	Having the power or quality of preserving; tending to preserve, or to keep from injury, decay, etc.
Preservative	That which preserves, or has the power of preserving; a presevative agent.
Preservatory	Preservative.
Preservatories	of Preservatory
Preservatory	A preservative.
Preservatory	A room, or apparatus, in which perishable things, as fruit, vegetables, etc., can be preserved without decay.
Preserved	of Preserve
Preserving	of Preserve
Preserve	To keep or save from injury or destruction; to guard or defend from evil, harm, danger, etc.; to protect.
Preserve	To save from decay by the use of some preservative substance, as sugar, salt, etc.; to season and prepare for remaining in a good state, as fruits, meat, etc.; as, to preserve peaches or grapes.
Preserve	To maintain throughout; to keep intact; as, to preserve appearances; to preserve silence.
Preserve	To make preserves.
Preserve	To protect game for purposes of sport.
Preserve	That which is preserved; fruit, etc., seasoned and kept by suitable preparation; esp., fruit cooked with sugar; -- commonly in the plural.
Preserve	A place in which game, fish, etc., are preserved for purposes of sport, or for food.
Preserver	One who, or that which, preserves, saves, or defends, from destruction, injury, or decay; esp., one who saves the life or character of another.
Preserver	One who makes preserves of fruit.
Preshow	To foreshow.
Presided	of Preside
Presiding	of Preside
Preside	To be set, or to sit, in the place of authority; to occupy the place of president, chairman, moderator, director, etc.; to direct, control, and regulate, as chief officer; as, to preside at a public meeting; to preside over the senate.
Preside	To exercise superintendence; to watch over.
Presidence	See Presidency.
Presidencies	of Presidency
Presidency	The function or condition of one who presides; superintendence; control and care.
Presidency	The office of president; as, Washington was elected to the presidency.
Presidency	The term during which a president holds his office; as, during the presidency of Madison.
Presidency	One of the three great divisions of British India, the Bengal, Madras, and Bombay Presidencies, each of which had a council of which its governor was president.
President	Precedent.
President	Occupying the first rank or chief place; having the highest authority; presiding.
President	One who is elected or appointed to preside; a presiding officer, as of a legislative body.
President	The chief officer of a corporation, company, institution, society, or the like.
President	The chief executive officer of the government in certain republics; as, the president of the United States.
President	A protector; a guardian; a presiding genius.
Presidential	Presiding or watching over.
Presidential	Of or pertaining to a president; as, the presidential chair; a presidential election.
Presidentship	The office and dignity of president; presidency.
Presider	One who presides.
Presidial	Alt. of Presidiary
Presidiary	Of or pertaining to a garrison; having a garrison.
Presidary	A guard.
Presiding	a. & n. from Preside.
Presidio	A place of defense; a fortress; a garrison; a fortress; a garrison or guardhouse.
Presignification	The act of signifying or showing beforehand.
Presignified	of Presignify
Presignifying	of Presignify
Presignify	To intimate or signify beforehand; to presage.
Presphenoid	Situated in front of the sphenoid bone; of or pertaining to the anterior part of the sphenoid bone (i. e., the presphenoid bone).
Presphenoid	The presphenoid bone.
Presphenoidal	Of or pertaining to the presphenoid bone; presphenoid.
Prespinal	Prevertebral.
Press	An East Indian insectivore (Tupaia ferruginea). It is arboreal in its habits, and has a bushy tail. The fur is soft, and varies from rusty red to maroon and to brownish black.
Press	To force into service, particularly into naval service; to impress.
Press	A commission to force men into public service, particularly into the navy.
Pressed	of Press
Pressing	of Press
Press	To urge, or act upon, with force, as weight; to act upon by pushing or thrusting, in distinction from pulling; to crowd or compel by a gradual and continued exertion; to bear upon; to squeeze; to compress; as, we press the ground with the feet when we walk; we press the couch on which we repose; we press substances with the hands, fingers, or arms; we are pressed in a crowd.
Press	To squeeze, in order to extract the juice or contents of; to squeeze out, or express, from something.
Press	To squeeze in or with suitable instruments or apparatus, in order to compact, make dense, or smooth; as, to press cotton bales, paper, etc.; to smooth by ironing; as, to press clothes.
Press	To embrace closely; to hug.
Press	To oppress; to bear hard upon.
Press	To straiten; to distress; as, to be pressed with want or hunger.
Press	To exercise very powerful or irresistible influence upon or over; to constrain; to force; to compel.
Press	To try to force (something upon some one); to urge or inculcate with earnestness or importunity; to enforce; as, to press divine truth on an audience.
Press	To drive with violence; to hurry; to urge on; to ply hard; as, to press a horse in a race.
Press	To exert pressure; to bear heavily; to push, crowd, or urge with steady force.
Press	To move on with urging and crowding; to make one's way with violence or effort; to bear onward forcibly; to crowd; to throng; to encroach.
Press	To urge with vehemence or importunity; to exert a strong or compelling influence; as, an argument presses upon the judgment.
Press	An apparatus or machine by which any substance or body is pressed, squeezed, stamped, or shaped, or by which an impression of a body is taken; sometimes, the place or building containing a press or presses.
Press	Specifically, a printing press.
Press	The art or business of printing and publishing; hence, printed publications, taken collectively, more especially newspapers or the persons employed in writing for them; as, a free press is a blessing, a licentious press is a curse.
Press	An upright case or closet for the safe keeping of articles; as, a clothes press.
Press	The act of pressing or thronging forward.
Press	Urgent demands of business or affairs; urgency; as, a press of engagements.
Press	A multitude of individuals crowded together; / crowd of single things; a throng.
Presser	One who, or that which, presses.
Pressgang	See Press gang, under Press.
Pressing	Urgent; exacting; importunate; as, a pressing necessity.
Pression	The act of pressing; pressure.
Pression	An endeavor to move.
Pressiroster	One of a tribe of wading birds (Pressirostres) including those which have a compressed beak, as the plovers.
Pressirostral	Of or pertaining to the pressirosters.
Pressitant	Gravitating; heavy.
Pressive	Pressing; urgent; also, oppressive; as, pressive taxation.
Pressly	Closely; concisely.
Pressmen	of Pressman
Pressman	One who manages, or attends to, a press, esp. a printing press.
Pressman	One who presses clothes; as, a tailor's pressman.
Pressman	One of a press gang, who aids in forcing men into the naval service; also, one forced into the service.
Pressor	Causing, or giving rise to, pressure or to an increase of pressure; as, pressor nerve fibers, stimulation of which excites the vasomotor center, thus causing a stronger contraction of the arteries and consequently an increase of the arterial blood pressure; -- opposed to depressor.
Presspack	To pack, or prepare for packing, by means of a press.
Pressurage	Pressure.
Pressurage	The juice of the grape extracted by the press; also, a fee paid for the use of a wine press.
Pressure	The act of pressing, or the condition of being pressed; compression; a squeezing; a crushing; as, a pressure of the hand.
Pressure	A contrasting force or impulse of any kind; as, the pressure of poverty; the pressure of taxes; the pressure of motives on the mind; the pressure of civilization.
Pressure	Affliction; distress; grievance.
Pressure	Urgency; as, the pressure of business.
Pressure	Impression; stamp; character impressed.
Pressure	The action of a force against some obstacle or opposing force; a force in the nature of a thrust, distributed over a surface, often estimated with reference to the upon a unit's area.
Presswork	The art of printing from the surface of type, plates, or engravings in relief, by means of a press; the work so done.
Prest	imp. & p. p. of Press.
Prest	Ready; prompt; prepared.
Prest	Neat; tidy; proper.
Prest	Ready money; a loan of money.
Prest	A duty in money formerly paid by the sheriff on his account in the exchequer, or for money left or remaining in his hands.
Prest	To give as a loan; to lend.
Prestable	Payable.
Prestation	A payment of money; a toll or duty; also, the rendering of a service.
Prester	A meteor or exhalation formerly supposed to be thrown from the clouds with such violence that by collision it is set on fire.
Prester	One of the veins of the neck when swollen with anger or other excitement.
Prester	A priest or presbyter; as, Prester John.
Presternum	The anterior segment of the sternum; the manubrium.
Prestidigital	Nimble-fingered; having fingers fit for prestidigitation, or juggling.
Prestidigitation	Legerdemain; sleight of hand; juggling.
Prestidigitator	One skilled in legerdemain or sleight of hand; a juggler.
Prestige	Delusion; illusion; trick.
Prestige	Weight or influence derived from past success; expectation of future achievements founded on those already accomplished; force or charm derived from acknowledged character or reputation.
Prestigiation	Legerdemain; prestidigitation.
Prestigiator	A juggler; prestidigitator.
Prestigiatory	Consisting of impostures; juggling.
Prestigious	Practicing tricks; juggling.
Prestimony	A fund for the support of a priest, without the title of a benefice. The patron in the collator.
Prestissimo	Very quickly; with great rapidity.
Presto	Quickly; immediately; in haste; suddenly.
Presto	Quickly; rapidly; -- a direction for a quick, lively movement or performance; quicker than allegro, or any rate of time except prestissimo.
Presstriction	Obstruction, dimness, or defect of sight.
Presultor	A leader in the dance.
Presumable	Such as may be presumed or supposed to be true; that seems entitled to belief without direct evidence.
Presumably	In a presumable manner; by, or according to, presumption.
Presumed	of Presume
Presuming	of Presume
Presume	To assume or take beforehand; esp., to do or undertake without leave or authority previously obtained.
Presume	To take or suppose to be true, or entitled to belief, without examination or proof, or on the strength of probability; to take for granted; to infer; to suppose.
Presume	To suppose or assume something to be, or to be true, on grounds deemed valid, though not amounting to proof; to believe by anticipation; to infer; as, we may presume too far.
Presume	To venture, go, or act, by an assumption of leave or authority not granted; to go beyond what is warranted by the circumstances of the case; to venture beyond license; to take liberties; -- often with on or upon before the ground of confidence.
Presumedly	By presumption.
Presumer	One who presumes; also, an arrogant person.
Presumingly	Confidently; arrogantly.
Presumption	The act of presuming, or believing upon probable evidence; the act of assuming or taking for granted; belief upon incomplete proof.
Presumption	Ground for presuming; evidence probable, but not conclusive; strong probability; reasonable supposition; as, the presumption is that an event has taken place.
Presumption	That which is presumed or assumed; that which is supposed or believed to be real or true, on evidence that is probable but not conclusive.
Presumption	The act of venturing beyond due beyond due bounds; an overstepping of the bounds of reverence, respect, or courtesy; forward, overconfident, or arrogant opinion or conduct; presumptuousness; arrogance; effrontery.
Presumptive	Based on presumption or probability; grounded on probable evidence; probable; as, presumptive proof.
Presumptive	Presumptuous; arrogant.
Presumptively	By presumption, or supposition grounded or probability; presumably.
Presumptuous	Full of presumption; presuming; overconfident or venturesome; audacious; rash; taking liberties unduly; arrogant; insolent; as, a presumptuous commander; presumptuous conduct.
Presumptuous	Founded on presumption; as, a presumptuous idea.
Presumptuous	Done with hold design, rash confidence, or in violation of known duty; willful.
Presumptuously	In a presumptuous manner; arrogantly.
Presumptuousness	The quality or state of being presumptuous.
Presupposal	Presupposition.
Presupposed	of Presuppose
Presupposing	of Presuppose
Presuppose	To suppose beforehand; to imply as antecedent; to take for granted; to assume; as, creation presupposes a creator.
Presupposition	The act of presupposing; an antecedent implication; presumption.
Presupposition	That which is presupposed; a previous supposition or surmise.
Presurmise	A surmise previously formed.
Presystolic	Preceding the systole or contraction of the heart; as, the presystolic friction sound.
Pretemporal	Situated in front of the temporal bone.
Pretence	Alt. of Pretenceless
Pretenceful	Alt. of Pretenceless
Pretenceless	See Pretense, Pretenseful, Pretenseless.
Pretended	of Pretend
Pretending	of Pretend
Pretend	To lay a claim to; to allege a title to; to claim.
Pretend	To hold before, or put forward, as a cloak or disguise for something else; to exhibit as a veil for something hidden.
Pretend	To hold out, or represent, falsely; to put forward, or offer, as true or real (something untrue or unreal); to show hypocritically, or for the purpose of deceiving; to simulate; to feign; as, to pretend friendship.
Pretend	To intend; to design; to plot; to attempt.
Pretend	To hold before one; to extend.
Pretend	To put in, or make, a claim, truly or falsely; to allege a title; to lay claim to, or strive after, something; -- usually with to.
Pretend	To hold out the appearance of being, possessing, or performing; to profess; to make believe; to feign; to sham; as, to pretend to be asleep.
Pretendant	A pretender; a claimant.
Pretended	Making a false appearance; unreal; false; as, pretended friend.
Pretendence	The act of pretending; pretense.
Pretender	One who lays claim, or asserts a title (to something); a claimant.
Pretender	The pretender (Eng. Hist.), the son or the grandson of James II., the heir of the royal family of Stuart, who laid claim to the throne of Great Britain, from which the house was excluded by law.
Pretender	One who pretends, simulates, or feigns.
Pretendership	The character, right, or claim of a pretender.
Pretendingly	As by right or title; arrogantly; presumptuously.
Pretense	Alt. of Pretence
Pretence	The act of laying claim; the claim laid; assumption; pretension.
Pretence	The act of holding out, or offering, to others something false or feigned; presentation of what is deceptive or hypocritical; deception by showing what is unreal and concealing what is real; false show; simulation; as, pretense of illness; under pretense of patriotism; on pretense of revenging Caesar's death.
Pretence	That which is pretended; false, deceptive, or hypocritical show, argument, or reason; pretext; feint.
Pretence	Intention; design.
Pretensed	Pretended; feigned.
Pretenseful	Abounding in pretenses.
Pretenseless	Not having or making pretenses.
Pretension	The act of pretending, or laying claim; the act of asserting right or title.
Pretension	A claim made, whether true or false; a right alleged or assumed; a holding out the appearance of possessing a certain character; as, pretensions to scholarship.
Pretentative	Fitted for trial beforehand; experimental.
Pretentious	Full of pretension; disposed to lay claim to more than is one's; presuming; assuming.
Preter-	A prefix signifying past, by, beyond, more than; as, preter- mission, a permitting to go by; preternatural, beyond or more than is natural.
Preterhuman	More than human.
Preterient	Passed through; antecedent; previous; as, preterient states.
Preterimperfect	Old name of the tense also called imperfect.
Preterist	One whose chief interest is in the past; one who regards the past with most pleasure or favor.
Preterist	One who believes the prophecies of the Apocalypse to have been already fulfilled.
Preterit	Past; -- applied to a tense which expresses an action or state as past.
Preterit	Belonging wholly to the past; passed by.
Preterit	The preterit; also, a word in the preterit tense.
Preterite	Same as Preterit.
Preteriteness	Same as Preteritness.
Preterition	The act of passing, or going past; the state of being past.
Preterition	A figure by which, in pretending to pass over anything, a summary mention of it is made; as, "I will not say, he is valiant, he is learned, he is just."  Called also paraleipsis.
Preterition	The omission by a testator of some one of his heirs who is entitled to a portion.
Preteritive	Used only or chiefly in the preterit or past tenses, as certain verbs.
Preteritness	The quality or state of being past.
Preterlapsed	Past; as, preterlapsed ages.
Preterlegal	Exceeding the limits of law.
Pretermission	The act of passing by or omitting; omission.
Pretermission	See Preterition.
Pretermitted	of Pretermit
Pretermitting	of Pretermit
Pretermit	To pass by; to omit; to disregard.
Preternatural	Beyond of different from what is natural, or according to the regular course of things, but not clearly supernatural or miraculous; strange; inexplicable; extraordinary; uncommon; irregular; abnormal; as, a preternatural appearance; a preternatural stillness; a preternatural presentation (in childbirth) or labor.
Preternaturalism	The state of being preternatural; a preternatural condition.
Preternaturality	Preternaturalness.
Preternaturally	In a preternatural manner or degree.
Preternaturalness	The quality or state of being preternatural.
Preterperfect	Old name of the tense also called preterit.
Preterpluperfect	Old name of the tense also called pluperfect.
Pretertiary	Earlier than Tertiary.
Pretervection	The act of carrying past or beyond.
Pretex	To frame; to devise; to disguise or excuse; hence, to pretend; to declare falsely.
Pretext	Ostensible reason or motive assigned or assumed as a color or cover for the real reason or motive; pretense; disguise.
Pretexture	A pretext.
Pretibial	Situated in front of the tibia.
Pretor	A civil officer or magistrate among the ancient Romans.
Pretor	Hence, a mayor or magistrate.
Pretorial	Pretorian.
Pretorian	Of or pertaining to a pretor or magistrate; judicial; exercised by, or belonging to, a pretor; as, pretorian power or authority.
Pretorian	A soldier of the pretorian guard.
Pretorium	The general's tent in a Roman camp; hence, a council of war, because held in the general's tent.
Pretorium	The official residence of a governor of a province; hence, a place; a splendid country seat.
Pretorship	The office or dignity of a pretor.
Pretorture	To torture beforehand.
Prettily	In a pretty manner.
Prettiness	The quality or state of being pretty; -- used sometimes in a disparaging sense.
Pretty	Pleasing by delicacy or grace; attracting, but not striking or impressing; of a pleasing and attractive form a color; having slight or diminutive beauty; neat or elegant without elevation or grandeur; pleasingly, but not grandly, conceived or expressed; as, a pretty face; a pretty flower; a pretty poem.
Pretty	Moderately large; considerable; as, he had saved a pretty fortune.
Pretty	Affectedly nice; foppish; -- used in an ill sense.
Pretty	Mean; despicable; contemptible; -- used ironically; as, a pretty trick; a pretty fellow.
Pretty	Stout; strong and brave; intrepid; valiant.
Pretty	In some degree; moderately; considerably; rather; almost; -- less emphatic than very; as, I am pretty sure of the fact; pretty cold weather.
Prettyish	Somewhat pretty.
Prettyism	Affectation of a pretty style, manner, etc.
Pretty-spoken	Spoken or speaking prettily.
Pretypified	of Pretypify
Pretypifying	of Pretypify
Pretypify	To prefigure; to exhibit previously in a type.
Pretzel	A kind of German biscuit or cake in the form of a twisted ring, salted on the outside.
Prevailed	of Prevail
Prevailing	of Prevail
Prevail	To overcome; to gain the victory or superiority; to gain the advantage; to have the upper hand, or the mastery; to succeed; -- sometimes with over or against.
Prevail	To be in force; to have effect, power, or influence; to be predominant; to have currency or prevalence; to obtain; as, the practice prevails this day.
Prevail	To persuade or induce; -- with on, upon, or with; as, I prevailedon him to wait.
Prevailing	Having superior force or influence; efficacious; persuasive.
Prevailing	Predominant; prevalent; most general; as, the prevailing disease of a climate; a prevailing opinion.
Prevailingly	So as to prevail.
Prevailment	Prevalence; superior influence; efficacy.
Prevalence	The quality or condition of being prevalent; superior strength, force, or influence; general existence, reception, or practice; wide extension; as, the prevalence of virtue, of a fashion, or of a disease; the prevalence of a rumor.
Prevalency	See Prevalence.
Prevalent	Gaining advantage or superiority; having superior force, influence, or efficacy; prevailing; predominant; successful; victorious.
Prevalent	Most generally received or current; most widely adopted or practiced; also, generally or extensively existing; widespread; prevailing; as, a prevalent observance; prevalent disease.
Prevalently	In a prevalent manner.
Prevaricated	of Prevaricate
Prevaricating	of Prevaricate
Prevaricate	To shift or turn from one side to the other, from the direct course, or from truth; to speak with equivocation; to shuffle; to quibble; as, he prevaricates in his statement.
Prevaricate	To collude, as where an informer colludes with the defendant, and makes a sham prosecution.
Prevaricate	To undertake a thing falsely and deceitfully, with the purpose of defeating or destroying it.
Prevaricate	To evade by a quibble; to transgress; to pervert.
Prevarication	The act of prevaricating, shuffling, or quibbling, to evade the truth or the disclosure of truth; a deviation from the truth and fair dealing.
Prevarication	A secret abuse in the exercise of a public office.
Prevarication	The collusion of an informer with the defendant, for the purpose of making a sham prosecution.
Prevarication	A false or deceitful seeming to undertake a thing for the purpose of defeating or destroying it.
Prevaricator	One who prevaricates.
Prevaricator	A sham dealer; one who colludes with a defendant in a sham prosecution.
Prevaricator	One who betrays or abuses a trust.
Preve	To prove.
Preve	Proof.
Prevenance	A going before; anticipation in sequence or order.
Prevenancy	The act of anticipating another's wishes, desires, etc., in the way of favor or courtesy; hence, civility; obligingness.
Prevene	To come before; to anticipate; hence, to hinder; to prevent.
Prevenience	The act of going before; anticipation.
Prevenient	Going before; preceding; hence, preventive.
Prevented	of Prevent
Preventing	of Prevent
Prevent	To go before; to precede; hence, to go before as a guide; to direct.
Prevent	To be beforehand with; to anticipate.
Prevent	To intercept; to hinder; to frustrate; to stop; to thwart.
Prevent	To come before the usual time.
Preventability	The quality or state of being preventable.
Preventable	Capable of being prevented or hindered; as, preventable diseases.
Preventative	That which prevents; -- incorrectly used instead of preventive.
Preventer	One who goes before; one who forestalls or anticipates another.
Preventer	One who prevents or obstructs; a hinderer; that which hinders; as, a preventer of evils or of disease.
Preventer	An auxiliary rope to strengthen a mast.
Preventingly	So as to prevent or hinder.
Prevention	The act of going, or state of being, before.
Prevention	Anticipation; esp., anticipation of needs or wishes; hence, precaution; forethought.
Prevention	The act of preventing or hindering; obstruction of action, access, or approach; thwarting.
Prevention	Prejudice; prepossession.
Preventional	Tending to prevent.
Preventive	Going before; preceding.
Preventive	Tending to defeat or hinder; obviating; preventing the access of; as, a medicine preventive of disease.
Preventive	That which prevents, hinders, or obstructs; that which intercepts access; in medicine, something to prevent disease; a prophylactic.
Preventively	In a preventive manner.
Prevertebral	Situated immediately in front, or on the ventral side, of the vertebral column; prespinal.
Previous	Going before in time; being or happening before something else; antecedent; prior; as, previous arrangements; a previous illness.
Previously	Beforehand; antecedently; as, a plan previously formed.
Previousness	The quality or state of being previous; priority or antecedence in time.
Previse	To foresee.
Previse	To inform beforehand; to warn.
Prevision	Foresight; foreknowledge; prescience.
Prevoyant	Foreseeing; prescient.
Prewarned	of Prewarn
Prewarning	of Prewarn
Prewarn	To warn beforehand; to forewarn.
Prey	Anything, as goods, etc., taken or got by violence; anything taken by force from an enemy in war; spoil; booty; plunder.
Prey	That which is or may be seized by animals or birds to be devoured; hence, a person given up as a victim.
Prey	The act of devouring other creatures; ravage.
Preyed	of Prey
Preying	of Prey
Prey	To take booty; to gather spoil; to ravage; to take food by violence.
Preyer	One who, or that which, preys; a plunderer; a waster; a devourer.
Preyful	Disposed to take prey.
Preyful	Rich in prey.
Prezygapophyses	of Prezygapophysis
Prezygapophysis	An anterior zygapophysis.
Prial	A corruption of pair royal. See under Pair, n.
Prian	A fine, white, somewhat friable clay; also, the ore contained in a mixture of clay and pebbles.
Priapean	A species of hexameter verse so constructed as to be divisible into two portions of three feet each, having generally a trochee in the first and the fourth foot, and an amphimacer in the third; -- applied also to a regular hexameter verse when so constructed as to be divisible into two portions of three feet each.
Priapism	More or less permanent erection and rigidity of the penis, with or without sexual desire.
Priapulacea	A suborder of Gephyraea, having a cylindrical body with a terminal anal opening, and usually with one or two caudal gills.
Pricasour	A hard rider.
Price	The sum or amount of money at which a thing is valued, or the value which a seller sets on his goods in market; that for which something is bought or sold, or offered for sale; equivalent in money or other means of exchange; current value or rate paid or demanded in market or in barter; cost.
Price	Value; estimation; excellence; worth.
Price	Reward; recompense; as, the price of industry.
Priced	of Price
Pricing	of Price
Price	To pay the price of.
Price	To set a price on; to value. See Prize.
Price	To ask the price of; as, to price eggs.
Priced	Rated in price; valued; as, high-priced goods; low-priced labor.
Priceite	A hydrous borate of lime, from Oregon.
Priceless	Too valuable to admit of being appraised; of inestimable worth; invaluable.
Priceless	Of no value; worthless.
Prick	That which pricks, penetrates, or punctures; a sharp and slender thing; a pointed instrument; a goad; a spur, etc.; a point; a skewer.
Prick	The act of pricking, or the sensation of being pricked; a sharp, stinging pain; figuratively, remorse.
Prick	A mark made by a pointed instrument; a puncture; a point.
Prick	A point or mark on the dial, noting the hour.
Prick	The point on a target at which an archer aims; the mark; the pin.
Prick	A mark denoting degree; degree; pitch.
Prick	A mathematical point; -- regularly used in old English translations of Euclid.
Prick	The footprint of a hare.
Prick	A small roll; as, a prick of spun yarn; a prick of tobacco.
Pricked	of Prick
Pricking	of Prick
Prick	To pierce slightly with a sharp-pointed instrument or substance; to make a puncture in, or to make by puncturing; to drive a fine point into; as, to prick one with a pin, needle, etc.; to prick a card; to prick holes in paper.
Prick	To fix by the point; to attach or hang by puncturing; as, to prick a knife into a board.
Prick	To mark or denote by a puncture; to designate by pricking; to choose; to mark; -- sometimes with off.
Prick	To mark the outline of by puncturing; to trace or form by pricking; to mark by punctured dots; as, to prick a pattern for embroidery; to prick the notes of a musical composition.
Prick	To ride or guide with spurs; to spur; to goad; to incite; to urge on; -- sometimes with on, or off.
Prick	To affect with sharp pain; to sting, as with remorse.
Prick	To make sharp; to erect into a point; to raise, as something pointed; -- said especially of the ears of an animal, as a horse or dog; and usually followed by up; -- hence, to prick up the ears, to listen sharply; to have the attention and interest strongly engaged.
Prick	To render acid or pungent.
Prick	To dress; to prink; -- usually with up.
Prick	To run a middle seam through, as the cloth of a sail.
Prick	To trace on a chart, as a ship's course.
Prick	To drive a nail into (a horse's foot), so as to cause lameness.
Prick	To nick.
Prick	To be punctured; to suffer or feel a sharp pain, as by puncture; as, a sore finger pricks.
Prick	To spur onward; to ride on horseback.
Prick	To become sharp or acid; to turn sour, as wine.
Prick	To aim at a point or mark.
Prick-eared	Having erect, pointed ears; -- said of certain dogs.
Pricker	One who, or that which, pricks; a pointed instrument; a sharp point; a prickle.
Pricker	One who spurs forward; a light horseman.
Pricker	A priming wire; a priming needle, -- used in blasting and gunnery.
Pricker	A small marline spike having generally a wooden handle, -- used in sailmaking.
Pricket	A buck in his second year. See Note under 3d Buck.
Pricking	The act of piercing or puncturing with a sharp point.
Pricking	The driving of a nail into a horse's foot so as to produce lameness.
Pricking	Same as Nicking.
Pricking	A sensation of being pricked.
Pricking	The mark or trace left by a hare's foot; a prick; also, the act of tracing a hare by its footmarks.
Pricking	Dressing one's self for show; prinking.
Pricking-up	The first coating of plaster in work of three coats upon laths. Its surface is scratched once to form a better key for the next coat. In the United States called scratch coat.
Prickle	A little prick; a small, sharp point; a fine, sharp process or projection, as from the skin of an animal, the bark of a plant, etc.; a spine.
Prickle	A kind of willow basket; -- a term still used in some branches of trade.
Prickle	A sieve of filberts, -- about fifty pounds.
Prickle	To prick slightly, as with prickles, or fine, sharp points.
Prickleback	Alt. of Pricklefish
Pricklefish	The stickleback.
Prickliness	The quality of being prickly, or of having many prickles.
Prickling	Prickly.
Pricklouse	A tailor; -- so called in contempt.
Prickly	Full of sharp points or prickles; armed or covered with prickles; as, a prickly shrub.
Prickmadam	A name given to several species of stonecrop, used as ingredients of vermifuge medicines. See Stonecrop.
Prickpunch	A pointed steel punch, to prick a mark on metal.
Prickshaft	An arrow.
Pricksong	Music written, or noted, with dots or points; -- so called from the points or dots with which it is noted down.
Prickwood	A shrub (Euonymus Europaeus); -- so named from the use of its wood for goads, skewers, and shoe pegs. Called also spindle tree.
Pricky	Stiff and sharp; prickly.
Pride	A small European lamprey (Petromyzon branchialis); -- called also prid, and sandpiper.
Pride	The quality or state of being proud; inordinate self-esteem; an unreasonable conceit of one's own superiority in talents, beauty, wealth, rank, etc., which manifests itself in lofty airs, distance, reserve, and often in contempt of others.
Pride	A sense of one's own worth, and abhorrence of what is beneath or unworthy of one; lofty self-respect; noble self-esteem; elevation of character; dignified bearing; proud delight; -- in a good sense.
Pride	Proud or disdainful behavior or treatment; insolence or arrogance of demeanor; haughty bearing and conduct; insolent exultation; disdain.
Pride	That of which one is proud; that which excites boasting or self-gratulation; the occasion or ground of self-esteem, or of arrogant and presumptuous confidence, as beauty, ornament, noble character, children, etc.
Pride	Show; ostentation; glory.
Pride	Highest pitch; elevation reached; loftiness; prime; glory; as, to be in the pride of one's life.
Pride	Consciousness of power; fullness of animal spirits; mettle; wantonness; hence, lust; sexual desire; esp., an excitement of sexual appetite in a female beast.
Prided	of Pride
Priding	of Pride
Pride	To indulge in pride, or self-esteem; to rate highly; to plume; -- used reflexively.
Pride	To be proud; to glory.
Prideful	Full of pride; haughty.
Prideless	Without pride.
Pridian	Of or pertaining to the day before, or yesterday.
Pridingly	Proudly.
Prie	The plant privet.
Prie	To pry.
Pried	imp. & p. p. of Pry.
Priedieu	A kneeling desk for prayers.
Prief	Proof.
Prier	One who pries; one who inquires narrowly and searches, or is inquisitive.
Priest	A presbyter elder; a minister
Priest	One who is authorized to consecrate the host and to say Mass; but especially, one of the lowest order possessing this power.
Priest	A presbyter; one who belongs to the intermediate order between bishop and deacon. He is authorized to perform all ministerial services except those of ordination and confirmation.
Priest	One who officiates at the altar, or performs the rites of sacrifice; one who acts as a mediator between men and the divinity or the gods in any form of religion; as, Buddhist priests.
Priest	To ordain as priest.
Priestcap	A form of redan, so named from its shape; -- called also swallowtail.
Priestcraft	Priestly policy; the policy of a priesthood; esp., in an ill sense, fraud or imposition in religious concerns; management by priests to gain wealth and power by working upon the religious motives or credulity of others.
Priestery	Priests, collectively; the priesthood; -- so called in contempt.
Priestess	A woman who officiated in sacred rites among pagans.
Priesthood	The office or character of a priest; the priestly function.
Priesthood	Priests, taken collectively; the order of men set apart for sacred offices; the order of priests.
Priesting	The office of a priest.
Priestism	The influence, doctrines, principles, etc., of priests or the priesthood.
Priestless	Without a priest.
Priestlike	Priestly.
Priestliness	The quality or state of being priestly.
Priestly	Of or pertaining to a priest or the priesthood; sacerdotal; befitting or becoming a priest; as, the priestly office; a priestly farewell.
Priest-ridden	Controlled or oppressed by priests; as, a priest-ridden people.
Prieve	To prove.
Prigged	of Prig
Prigging	of Prig
Prig	To haggle about the price of a commodity; to bargain hard.
Prig	To cheapen.
Prig	To filch or steal; as, to prig a handkerchief.
Prig	A pert, conceited, pragmatical fellow.
Prig	A thief; a filcher.
Priggery	Priggism.
Priggish	Like a prig; conceited; pragmatical.
Priggism	The quality or state of being priggish; the manners of a prig.
Priggism	Roguery; thievery.
Prighte	imp. of Prick.
Prill	The brill.
Prill	To flow.
Prill	A stream.
Prill	A nugget of virgin metal.
Prill	Ore selected for excellence.
Prill	The button of metal from an assay.
Prillion	Tin extracted from the slag.
Prim	The privet.
Prim	Formal; precise; affectedly neat or nice; as, prim regularity; a prim person.
Primmed	of Prim
Primming	of Prim
Prim	To deck with great nicety; to arrange with affected preciseness; to prink.
Prim	To dress or act smartly.
Primacy	The state or condition of being prime or first, as in time, place, rank, etc., hence, excellency; supremacy.
Primacy	The office, rank, or character of a primate; the chief ecclesiastical station or dignity in a national church; the office or dignity of an archbishop; as, the primacy of England.
Prima donnas	of Prima donna
Prime (#) Donne (#)	Donne (#)</B> (<I>pl. </I>) of Prima donna
Prima donna	The first or chief female singer in an opera.
Prima facie	At first view; on the first appearance.
Primage	A charge in addition to the freight; originally, a gratuity to the captain for his particular care of the goods (sometimes called hat money), but now belonging to the owners or freighters of the vessel, unless by special agreement the whole or part is assigned to the captain.
Primal	First; primary; original; chief.
Primality	The quality or state of being primal.
Primarily	In a primary manner; in the first place; in the first place; in the first intention; originally.
Primariness	The quality or state of being primary, or first in time, in act, or in intention.
Primary	First in order of time or development or in intention; primitive; fundamental; original.
Primary	First in order, as being preparatory to something higher; as, primary assemblies; primary schools.
Primary	First in dignity or importance; chief; principal; as, primary planets; a matter of primary importance.
Primary	Earliest formed; fundamental.
Primary	Illustrating, possessing, or characterized by, some quality or property in the first degree; having undergone the first stage of substitution or replacement.
Primaries	of Primary
Primary	That which stands first in order, rank, or importance; a chief matter.
Primary	A primary meeting; a caucus.
Primary	One of the large feathers on the distal joint of a bird's wing. See Plumage, and Illust. of Bird.
Primary	A primary planet; the brighter component of a double star. See under Planet.
Primate	The chief ecclesiastic in a national church; one who presides over other bishops in a province; an archbishop.
Primate	One of the Primates.
Primates	The highest order of mammals. It includes man, together with the apes and monkeys.  Cf. Pitheci.
Primateship	The office, dignity, or position of a primate; primacy.
Primatial	Primatical.
Primatical	Of or pertaining to a primate.
Prime	First in order of time; original; primeval; primitive; primary.
Prime	First in rank, degree, dignity, authority, or importance; as, prime minister.
Prime	First in excellence; of highest quality; as, prime wheat; a prime quality of cloth.
Prime	Early; blooming; being in the first stage.
Prime	Lecherous; lustful; lewd.
Prime	Marked or distinguished by a mark (') called a prime mark.
Prime	The first part; the earliest stage; the beginning or opening, as of the day, the year, etc.; hence, the dawn; the spring.
Prime	The spring of life; youth; hence, full health, strength, or beauty; perfection.
Prime	That which is first in quantity; the most excellent portion; the best part.
Prime	The morning; specifically (R. C. Ch.), the first canonical hour, succeeding to lauds.
Prime	The first of the chief guards.
Prime	Any number expressing the combining weight or equivalent of any particular element; -- so called because these numbers were respectively reduced to their lowest relative terms on the fixed standard of hydrogen as 1.
Prime	A prime number. See under Prime, a.
Prime	An inch, as composed of twelve seconds in the duodecimal system; -- denoted by [']. See 2d Inch, n., 1.
Primed	of Prime
Priming	of Prime
Prime	To apply priming to, as a musket or a cannon; to apply a primer to, as a metallic cartridge.
Prime	To lay the first color, coating, or preparation upon (a surface), as in painting; as, to prime a canvas, a wall.
Prime	To prepare; to make ready; to instruct beforehand; to post; to coach; as, to prime a witness; the boys are primed for mischief.
Prime	To trim or prune, as trees.
Prime	To mark with a prime mark.
Prime	To be renewed, or as at first.
Prime	To serve as priming for the charge of a gun.
Prime	To work so that foaming occurs from too violent ebullition, which causes water to become mixed with, and be carried along with, the steam that is formed; -- said of a steam boiler.
Primely	At first; primarily.
Primely	In a prime manner; excellently.
Primeness	The quality or state of being first.
Primeness	The quality or state of being prime, or excellent.
Primer	One who, or that which, primes
Primer	an instrument or device for priming; esp., a cap, tube, or water containing percussion powder or other compound for igniting a charge of gunpowder.
Primer	First; original; primary.
Primer	Originally, a small prayer book for church service, containing the little office of the Virgin Mary; also, a work of elementary religious instruction.
Primer	A small elementary book for teaching children to read; a reading or spelling book for a beginner.
Primer	A kind of type, of which there are two species; one, called long primer, intermediate in size between bourgeois and small pica [see Long primer]; the other, called great primer, larger than pica.
Primero	A game at cards, now unknown.
Primerole	See Primrose.
Primeval	Belonging to the first ages; pristine; original; primitive; primary; as, the primeval innocence of man.
Primevally	In a primeval manner; in or from the earliest times; originally.
Primevous	Primeval.
Primigenial	First born, or first of all; original; primary. See Primogenial.
Primigenious	Alt. of Primigenous
Primigenous	First formed or generated; original; primigenial.
Primine	The outermost of the two integuments of an ovule.
Priming	The powder or other combustible used to communicate fire to a charge of gunpowder, as in a firearm.
Priming	The first coating of color, size, or the like, laid on canvas, or on a building, or other surface.
Priming	The carrying over of water, with the steam, from the boiler, as into the cylinder.
Primipara	A woman who bears a child for the first time.
Primiparous	Belonging to a first birth; bearing young for the first time.
Primipilar	Of or pertaining to the captain of the vanguard of a Roman army.
Primitiae	of Primitia
Primitias	of Primitia
Primitia	The first fruit; the first year's whole profit of an ecclesiastical preferment.
Primitial	Being of the first production; primitive; original.
Primitive	Of or pertaining to the beginning or origin, or to early times; original; primordial; primeval; first; as, primitive innocence; the primitive church.
Primitive	Of or pertaining to a former time; old-fashioned; characterized by simplicity; as, a primitive style of dress.
Primitive	Original; primary; radical; not derived; as, primitive verb in grammar.
Primitive	An original or primary word; a word not derived from another; -- opposed to derivative.
Primitively	Originally; at first.
Primitively	Primarily; not derivatively.
Primitively	According to the original rule or ancient practice; in the ancient style.
Primitiveness	The quality or state of being primitive; conformity to primitive style or practice.
Primity	Quality of being first; primitiveness.
Primly	In a prim or precise manner.
Primness	The quality or state of being prim; affected formality or niceness; preciseness; stiffness.
Primo	First; chief.
Primogenial	First born, made, or generated; original; primary; elemental; as, primogenial light.
Primogenitive	Of or pertaining to primogeniture.
Primogenitive	Primogeniture.
Primogenitor	The first ancestor; a forefather.
Primogeniture	The state of being the firstborn of the same parents; seniority by birth among children of the same family.
Primogeniture	The exclusive right of inheritance which belongs to the eldest son. Thus in England the right of inheriting the estate of the father belongs to the eldest son, and in the royal family the eldest son of the sovereign is entitled to the throne by primogeniture. In exceptional cases, among the female children, the crown descends by right of primogeniture to the eldest daughter only and her issue.
Primogenitureship	The state or privileges of the firstborn.
Primordial	First in order; primary; original; of earliest origin; as, primordial condition.
Primordial	Of or pertaining to the lowest beds of the Silurian age, corresponding to the Acadian and Potsdam periods in American geology. It is called also Cambrian, and by many geologists is separated from the Silurian.
Primordial	Originally or earliest formed in the growth of an individual or organ; as, a primordial leaf; a primordial cell.
Primordial	A first principle or element.
Primordialism	Devotion to, or persistence in, conditions of the primordial state.
Primordially	At the beginning; under the first order of things; originally.
Primordian	A name given to several kinds of plums; as, red primordian, amber primordian, etc.
Primordiate	Primordial.
Primp	To be formal or affected in dress or manners; -- often with up.
Primrose	An early flowering plant of the genus Primula (P. vulgaris) closely allied to the cowslip. There are several varieties, as the white-, the red-, the yellow-flowered, etc. Formerly called also primerole, primerolles.
Primrose	Any plant of the genus Primula.
Primrose	Of or pertaining to the primrose; of the color of a primrose; -- hence, flowery; gay.
Primula	The genus of plants including the primrose (Primula vera).
Primulaceous	Of or pertaining to an order of herbaceous plants (Primulaceae), of which the primrose is the type, and the pimpernel, the cyclamen, and the water violet are other examples.
Primum mobile	In the Ptolemaic system, the outermost of the revolving concentric spheres constituting the universe, the motion of which was supposed to carry with it all the inclosed spheres with their planets in a daily revolution from east to west. See Crystalline heavens, under Crystalline.
Primus	One of the bishops of the Episcopal Church of Scotland, who presides at the meetings of the bishops, and has certain privileges but no metropolitan authority.
Primy	Being in its prime.
Prince	The one of highest rank; one holding the highest place and authority; a sovereign; a monarch; -- originally applied to either sex, but now rarely applied to a female.
Prince	The son of a king or emperor, or the issue of a royal family; as, princes of the blood.
Prince	A title belonging to persons of high rank, differing in different countries. In England it belongs to dukes, marquises, and earls, but is given to members of the royal family only. In Italy a prince is inferior to a duke as a member of a particular order of nobility; in Spain he is always one of the royal family.
Prince	The chief of any body of men; one at the head of a class or profession; one who is preeminent; as, a merchant prince; a prince of players.
Prince	To play the prince.
Princedom	The jurisdiction, sovereignty, rank, or estate of a prince.
Princehood	Princeliness.
Princekin	A petty prince; a princeling.
Princeless	Without a prince.
Princelet	A petty prince.
Princelike	Princely.
Princeliness	The quality of being princely; the state, manner, or dignity of a prince.
Princeling	A petty prince; a young prince.
Princely	Of or relating to a prince; regal; royal; of highest rank or authority; as, princely birth, character, fortune, etc.
Princely	Suitable for, or becoming to, a prince; grand; august; munificent; magnificent; as, princely virtues; a princely fortune.
Princely	In a princely manner.
Princess	A female prince; a woman having sovereign power, or the rank of a prince.
Princess	The daughter of a sovereign; a female member of a royal family.
Princess	The consort of a prince; as, the princess of Wales.
Princesse	A term applied to a lady's long, close-fitting dress made with waist and skirt in one.
Princesslike	Like a princess.
Princewood	The wood of two small tropical American trees (Hamelia ventricosa, and Cordia gerascanthoides). It is brownish, veined with lighter color.
Princified	Imitative of a prince.
Principal	Highest in rank, authority, character, importance, or degree; most considerable or important; chief; main; as, the principal officers of a Government; the principal men of a state; the principal productions of a country; the principal arguments in a case.
Principal	Of or pertaining to a prince; princely.
Principal	A leader, chief, or head; one who takes the lead; one who acts independently, or who has controlling authority or influence; as, the principal of a faction, a school, a firm, etc.; -- distinguished from a subordinate, abettor, auxiliary, or assistant.
Principal	The chief actor in a crime, or an abettor who is present at it, -- as distinguished from an accessory.
Principal	A chief obligor, promisor, or debtor, -- as distinguished from a surety.
Principal	One who employs another to act for him, -- as distinguished from an agent.
Principal	A thing of chief or prime importance; something fundamental or especially conspicuous.
Principal	A capital sum of money, placed out at interest, due as a debt or used as a fund; -- so called in distinction from interest or profit.
Principal	The construction which gives shape and strength to a roof, -- generally a truss of timber or iron, but there are roofs with stone principals. Also, loosely, the most important member of a piece of framing.
Principal	In English organs the chief open metallic stop, an octave above the open diapason. On the manual it is four feet long, on the pedal eight feet. In Germany this term corresponds to the English open diapason.
Principal	A heirloom; a mortuary.
Principal	The first two long feathers of a hawk's wing.
Principal	One of turrets or pinnacles of waxwork and tapers with which the posts and center of a funeral hearse were formerly crowned.
Principal	A principal or essential point or rule; a principle.
Principalities	of Principality
Principality	Sovereignty; supreme power; hence, superiority; predominance; high, or the highest, station.
Principality	A prince; one invested with sovereignty.
Principality	The territory or jurisdiction of a prince; or the country which gives title to a prince; as, the principality of Wales.
Principally	In a principal manner; primarily; above all; chiefly; mainly.
Principalness	The quality of being principal.
Principate	Principality; supreme rule.
Principia	First principles; fundamental beginnings; elements; as. Newton's Principia.
Principial	Elementary.
Principiant	Relating to principles or beginnings.
Principiate	To begin; to initiate.
Principiation	Analysis into primary or elemental parts.
Principle	Beginning; commencement.
Principle	A source, or origin; that from which anything proceeds; fundamental substance or energy; primordial substance; ultimate element, or cause.
Principle	An original faculty or endowment.
Principle	A fundamental truth; a comprehensive law or doctrine, from which others are derived, or on which others are founded; a general truth; an elementary proposition; a maxim; an axiom; a postulate.
Principle	A settled rule of action; a governing law of conduct; an opinion or belief which exercises a directing influence on the life and behavior; a rule (usually, a right rule) of conduct consistently directing one's actions; as, a person of no principle.
Principle	Any original inherent constituent which characterizes a substance, or gives it its essential properties, and which can usually be separated by analysis; -- applied especially to drugs, plant extracts, etc.
Principled	of Principle
Principling	of Principle
Principle	To equip with principles; to establish, or fix, in certain principles; to impress with any tenet, or rule of conduct, good or ill.
Princock	Alt. of Princox
Princox	A coxcomb; a pert boy.
Prinked	of Prink
Prinking	of Prink
Prink	To dress or adjust one's self for show; to prank.
Prink	To prank or dress up; to deck fantastically.
Prinker	One who prinks.
Prinpriddle	The long-tailed titmouse.
Printed	of Print
Printing	of Print
Print	To fix or impress, as a stamp, mark, character, idea, etc., into or upon something.
Print	To stamp something in or upon; to make an impression or mark upon by pressure, or as by pressure.
Print	To strike off an impression or impressions of, from type, or from stereotype, electrotype, or engraved plates, or the like; in a wider sense, to do the typesetting, presswork, etc., of (a book or other publication); as, to print books, newspapers, pictures; to print an edition of a book.
Print	To stamp or impress with colored figures or patterns; as, to print calico.
Print	To take (a copy, a positive picture, etc.), from a negative, a transparent drawing, or the like, by the action of light upon a sensitized surface.
Print	To use or practice the art of typography; to take impressions of letters, figures, or electrotypes, engraved plates, or the like.
Print	To publish a book or an article.
Print	A mark made by impression; a line, character, figure, or indentation, made by the pressure of one thing on another; as, the print of teeth or nails in flesh; the print of the foot in sand or snow.
Print	A stamp or die for molding or impressing an ornamental design upon an object; as, a butter print.
Print	That which receives an impression, as from a stamp or mold; as, a print of butter.
Print	Printed letters; the impression taken from type, as to excellence, form, size, etc.; as, small print; large print; this line is in print.
Print	That which is produced by printing.
Print	An impression taken from anything, as from an engraved plate.
Print	A printed publication, more especially a newspaper or other periodical.
Print	A printed cloth; a fabric figured by stamping, especially calico or cotton cloth.
Print	A photographic copy, or positive picture, on prepared paper, as from a negative, or from a drawing on transparent paper.
Print	A core print. See under Core.
Printa-ble	Worthy to be published.
Printer	One who prints; especially, one who prints books, newspapers, engravings, etc., a compositor; a typesetter; a pressman.
Printery	A place where cloth is printed; print works; also, a printing office.
Printing	The act, art, or practice of impressing letters, characters, or figures on paper, cloth, or other material; the business of a printer, including typesetting and presswork, with their adjuncts; typography; also, the act of producing photographic prints.
Printless	Making no imprint.
Printless	Making no imprint.
Printshop	A shop where prints are sold.
Prior	Preceding in the order of time; former; antecedent; anterior; previous; as, a prior discovery; prior obligation; -- used elliptically in cases like the following: he lived alone [in the time] prior to his marriage.
Prior	The superior of a priory, and next below an abbot in dignity.
Priorate	The dignity, office, or government, of a prior.
Prioress	A lady superior of a priory of nuns, and next in dignity to an abbess.
Priority	The quality or state of being prior or antecedent in time, or of preceding something else; as, priority of application.
Priority	Precedence; superior rank.
Priorly	Previously.
Priorship	The state or office of prior; priorate.
Priories	of Priory
Priory	A religious house presided over by a prior or prioress; -- sometimes an offshoot of, an subordinate to, an abbey, and called also cell, and obedience. See Cell, 2.
Pris	See Price, and 1st Prize.
Prisage	A right belonging to the crown of England, of taking two tuns of wine from every ship importing twenty tuns or more, -- one before and one behind the mast. By charter of Edward I. butlerage was substituted for this.
Prisage	The share of merchandise taken as lawful prize at sea which belongs to the king or admiral.
Priscillianist	A follower of Priscillian, bishop of Avila in Spain, in the fourth century, who mixed various elements of Gnosticism and Manicheism with Christianity.
Prise	An enterprise.
Prise	See Prize, n., 5. Also Prize, v. t.
Priser	See 1st Prizer.
Prism	A solid whose bases or ends are any similar, equal, and parallel plane figures, and whose sides are parallelograms.
Prism	A transparent body, with usually three rectangular plane faces or sides, and two equal and parallel triangular ends or bases; -- used in experiments on refraction, dispersion, etc.
Prism	A form the planes of which are parallel to the vertical axis. See Form, n., 13.
Prismatic	Alt. of Prismatical
Prismatical	Resembling, or pertaining to, a prism; as, a prismatic form or cleavage.
Prismatical	Separated or distributed by a prism; formed by a prism; as, prismatic colors.
Prismatical	Same as Orthorhombic.
Prismatically	In the form or manner of a prism; by means of a prism.
Prismatoidal	Having a prismlike form.
Prismoid	A body that approaches to the form of a prism.
Prismoidal	Having the form of a prismoid; as, prismoidal solids.
Prismy	Pertaining to a prism.
Prison	A place where persons are confined, or restrained of personal liberty; hence, a place or state o/ confinement, restraint, or safe custody.
Prison	Specifically, a building for the safe custody or confinement of criminals and others committed by lawful authority.
Prisoned	of Prison
Prisoning	of Prison
Prison	To imprison; to shut up in, or as in, a prison; to confine; to restrain from liberty.
Prison	To bind (together); to enchain.
Prisoner	One who is confined in a prison.
Prisoner	A person under arrest, or in custody, whether in prison or not; a person held in involuntary restraint; a captive; as, a prisoner at the bar of a court.
Prisonment	Imprisonment.
Pristinate	Pristine; primitive.
Pristine	Belonging to the earliest period or state; original; primitive; primeval; as, the pristine state of innocence; the pristine manners of a people; pristine vigor.
Pritch	A sharp-pointed instrument; also, an eelspear.
Pritch	Pique; offense.
Pritchel	A tool employed by blacksmiths for punching or enlarging the nail holes in a horseshoe.
Prithee	A corruption of pray thee; as, I prithee; generally used without I.
Prittle-prattle	Empty talk; trifling loquacity; prattle; -- used in contempt or ridicule.
Privacies	of Privacy
Privacy	The state of being in retirement from the company or observation of others; seclusion.
Privacy	A place of seclusion from company or observation; retreat; solitude; retirement.
Privacy	Concealment of what is said or done.
Privacy	A private matter; a secret.
Privacy	See Privity, 2.
Privado	A private friend; a confidential friend; a confidant.
Private	Belonging to, or concerning, an individual person, company, or interest; peculiar to one's self; unconnected with others; personal; one's own; not public; not general; separate; as, a man's private opinion; private property; a private purse; private expenses or interests; a private secretary.
Private	Sequestered from company or observation; appropriated to an individual; secret; secluded; lonely; solitary; as, a private room or apartment; private prayer.
Private	Not invested with, or engaged in, public office or employment; as, a private citizen; private life.
Private	Not publicly known; not open; secret; as, a private negotiation; a private understanding.
Private	Having secret or private knowledge; privy.
Private	A secret message; a personal unofficial communication.
Private	Personal interest; particular business.
Private	Privacy; retirement.
Private	One not invested with a public office.
Private	A common soldier; a soldier below the grade of a noncommissioned officer.
Private	The private parts; the genitals.
Privateer	An armed private vessel which bears the commission of the sovereign power to cruise against the enemy. See Letters of marque, under Marque.
Privateer	The commander of a privateer.
Privateered	of Privateer
Privateering	of Privateer
Privateer	To cruise in a privateer.
Privateering	Cruising in a privateer.
Privateersmen	of Privateersman
Privateersman	An officer or seaman of a privateer.
Privately	In a private manner; not openly; without the presence of others.
Privately	In a manner affecting an individual; personally not officially; as, he is not privately benefited.
Privateness	Seclusion from company or society; retirement; privacy; secrecy.
Privateness	The state of one not invested with public office.
Privation	The act of depriving, or taking away; hence, the depriving of rank or office; degradation in rank; deprivation.
Privation	The state of being deprived or destitute of something, especially of something required or desired; destitution; need; as, to undergo severe privations.
Privation	The condition of being absent; absence; negation.
Privative	Causing privation; depriving.
Privative	Consisting in the absence of something; not positive; negative.
Privative	Implying privation or negation; giving a negative force to a word; as, alpha privative; privative particles; -- applied to such prefixes and suffixes as a- (Gr. /), un-, non-, -less.
Privative	That of which the essence is the absence of something.
Privative	A term indicating the absence of any quality which might be naturally or rationally expected; -- called also privative term.
Privative	A privative prefix or suffix. See Privative, a., 3.
Privatively	In a privative manner; by the absence of something; negatively.
Privativeness	The state of being privative.
Privet	An ornamental European shrub (Ligustrum vulgare), much used in hedges; -- called also prim.
Privilege	A peculiar benefit, advantage, or favor; a right or immunity not enjoyed by others or by all; special enjoyment of a good, or exemption from an evil or burden; a prerogative; advantage; franchise.
Privilege	See Call, Put, Spread, etc.
Privileged	of Privilege
Privileging	of Privilege
Privilege	To grant some particular right or exemption to; to invest with a peculiar right or immunity; to authorize; as, to privilege representatives from arrest.
Privilege	To bring or put into a condition of privilege or exemption from evil or danger; to exempt; to deliver.
Privileged	Invested with a privilege; enjoying a peculiar right, advantage, or immunity.
Privily	In a privy manner; privately; secretly.
Privities	of Privity
Privity	Privacy; secrecy; confidence.
Privity	Private knowledge; joint knowledge with another of a private concern; cognizance implying consent or concurrence.
Privity	A private matter or business; a secret.
Privity	The genitals; the privates.
Privity	A connection, or bond of union, between parties, as to some particular transaction; mutual or successive relationship to the same rights of property.
Privy	Of or pertaining to some person exclusively; assigned to private uses; not public; private; as, the privy purse.
Privy	Secret; clandestine.
Privy	Appropriated to retirement; private; not open to the public.
Privy	Admitted to knowledge of a secret transaction; secretly cognizant; privately knowing.
Privies	of Privy
Privy	A partaker; a person having an interest in any action or thing; one who has an interest in an estate created by another; a person having an interest derived from a contract or conveyance to which he is not himself a party. The term, in its proper sense, is distinguished from party.
Privy	A necessary house or place; a backhouse.
Prizable	Valuable.
Prize	That which is taken from another; something captured; a thing seized by force, stratagem, or superior power.
Prize	Anything captured by a belligerent using the rights of war; esp., property captured at sea in virtue of the rights of war, as a vessel.
Prize	An honor or reward striven for in a competitive contest; anything offered to be competed for, or as an inducement to, or reward of, effort.
Prize	That which may be won by chance, as in a lottery.
Prize	Anything worth striving for; a valuable possession held or in prospect.
Prize	A contest for a reward; competition.
Prize	A lever; a pry; also, the hold of a lever.
Prize	To move with a lever; to force up or open; to pry.
Prized	of Prize
Prizing	of Prize
Prize	To set or estimate the value of; to appraise; to price; to rate.
Prize	To value highly; to estimate to be of great worth; to esteem.
Prize	Estimation; valuation.
Prizemen	of Prizeman
Prizeman	The winner of a prize.
Prizer	One who estimates or sets the value of a thing; an appraiser.
Prizer	One who contends for a prize; a prize fighter; a challenger.
Prizing	The application of a lever to move any weighty body, as a cask, anchor, cannon, car, etc. See Prize, n., 5.
Pro-	A prefix signifying before, in front, forth, for, in behalf of, in place of, according to; as, propose, to place before; proceed, to go before or forward; project, to throw forward; prologue, part spoken before (the main piece); propel, prognathous; provide, to look out for; pronoun, a word instead of a noun; proconsul, a person acting in place of a consul; proportion, arrangement according to parts.
Pro	A Latin preposition signifying for, before, forth.
Pro	For, on, or in behalf of, the affirmative side; -- in contrast with con.
Proa	A sailing canoe of the Ladrone Islands and Malay Archipelago, having its lee side flat and its weather side like that of an ordinary boat. The ends are alike. The canoe is long and narrow, and is kept from overturning by a cigar-shaped log attached to a frame extending several feet to windward. It has been called the flying proa, and is the swiftest sailing craft known.
Proach	See Approach.
Proatlas	A vertebral rudiment in front of the atlas in some reptiles.
Probabiliorism	The doctrine of the probabiliorists.
Probabiliorist	One who holds, in opposition to the probabilists, that a man is bound to do that which is most probably right.
Probabilism	The doctrine of the probabilists.
Probabilist	One who maintains that certainty is impossible, and that probability alone is to govern our faith and actions.
Probabilist	One who maintains that a man may do that which has a probability of being right, or which is inculcated by teachers of authority, although other opinions may seem to him still more probable.
Probabilities	of Probability
Probability	The quality or state of being probable; appearance of reality or truth; reasonable ground of presumption; likelihood.
Probability	That which is or appears probable; anything that has the appearance of reality or truth.
Probability	Likelihood of the occurrence of any event in the doctrine of chances, or the ratio of the number of favorable chances to the whole number of chances, favorable and unfavorable. See 1st Chance, n., 5.
Probable	Capable of being proved.
Probable	Having more evidence for than against; supported by evidence which inclines the mind to believe, but leaves some room for doubt; likely.
Probable	Rendering probable; supporting, or giving ground for, belief, but not demonstrating; as, probable evidence; probable presumption.
Probably	In a probable manner; in likelihood.
Probacy	Proof; trial.
Probal	Approved; probable.
Probality	Probability.
Probang	A slender elastic rod, as of whalebone, with a sponge on the end, for removing obstructions from the esophagus, etc.
Probate	Proof.
Probate	Official proof; especially, the proof before a competent officer or tribunal that an instrument offered, purporting to be the last will and testament of a person deceased, is indeed his lawful act; the copy of a will proved, under the seal of the Court of Probate, delivered to the executors with a certificate of its having been proved.
Probate	The right or jurisdiction of proving wills.
Probate	Of or belonging to a probate, or court of probate; as, a probate record.
Probate	To obtain the official approval of, as of an instrument purporting to be the last will and testament; as, the executor has probated the will.
Probation	The act of proving; also, that which proves anything; proof.
Probation	Any proceeding designed to ascertain truth, to determine character, qualification, etc.; examination; trial; as, to engage a person on probation.
Probation	The novitiate which a person must pass in a convent, to probe his or her virtue and ability to bear the severities of the rule.
Probation	The trial of a ministerial candidate's qualifications prior to his ordination, or to his settlement as a pastor.
Probation	Moral trial; the state of man in the present life, in which he has the opportunity of proving his character, and becoming qualified for a happier state.
Probational	Probationary.
Probationary	Of or pertaining to probation; serving for trial.
Probationer	One who is undergoing probation; one who is on trial; a novice.
Probationer	A student in divinity, who, having received certificates of good morals and qualifications from his university, is admitted to several trials by a presbytery, and, on acquitting himself well, is licensed to preach.
Probationership	The state of being a probationer; novitiate.
Probationship	A state of probation.
Probative	Serving for trial or proof; probationary; as, probative judgments; probative evidence.
Probator	An examiner; an approver.
Probator	One who, when indicted for crime, confessed it, and accused others, his accomplices, in order to obtain pardon; a state's evidence.
Probatory	Serving for trial; probationary.
Probatory	Pertaining to, or serving for, proof.
Probed	of Probe
Probing	of Probe
Probe	To examine, as a wound, an ulcer, or some cavity of the body, with a probe.
Probe	Fig.: to search to the bottom; to scrutinize or examine thoroughly.
Probe	An instrument for examining the depth or other circumstances of a wound, ulcer, or cavity, or the direction of a sinus, of for exploring for bullets, for stones in the bladder, etc.
Probeagle	See Porbeagle.
Probe-pointed	Having a blunt or button-shaped extremity; -- said of cutting instruments.
Probity	Tried virtue or integrity; approved moral excellence; honesty; rectitude; uprightness.
Problem	A question proposed for solution; a matter stated for examination or proof; hence, a matter difficult of solution or settlement; a doubtful case; a question involving doubt.
Problem	Anything which is required to be done; as, in geometry, to bisect a line, to draw a perpendicular; or, in algebra, to find an unknown quantity.
Problematic	Alt. of Problematical
Problematical	Having the nature of a problem; not shown in fact; questionable; uncertain; unsettled; doubtful.
Problematist	One who proposes problems.
Problematize	To propose problems.
Proboscidate	Having a proboscis; proboscidial.
Proboscidea	An order of large mammals including the elephants and mastodons.
Proboscidean	Proboscidian.
Proboscidial	Proboscidate.
Proboscidian	Pertaining to the Proboscidea.
Proboscidian	One of the Proboscidea.
Proboscidifera	An extensive division of pectinibranchiate gastropods, including those that have a long retractile proboscis, with the mouth at the end, as the cones, whelks, tritons, and cowries. See Illust. of Gastropoda, and of Winkle.
Proboscidifera	A subdivision of the taenioglossate gastropods, including the fig-shells (Pyrula), the helmet shells (Cassis), the tritons, and allied genera.
Proboscidiform	Having the form or uses of a proboscis; as, a proboscidiform mouth.
Proboscides	of Proboscis
Proboscis	A hollow organ or tube attached to the head, or connected with the mouth, of various animals, and generally used in taking food or drink; a snout; a trunk.
Proboscis	By extension, applied to various tubelike mouth organs of the lower animals that can be everted or protruded.
Proboscis	The nose.
Procacious	Pert; petulant; forward; saucy.
Procacity	Forwardness; pertness; petulance.
Procambium	The young tissue of a fibrovascular bundle before its component cells have begun to be differentiated.
Procatarctic	Beginning; predisposing; exciting; initial.
Procatarxis	The kindling of a disease into action; also, the procatarctic cause.
Procedendo	A writ by which a cause which has been removed on insufficient grounds from an inferior to a superior court by certiorari, or otherwise, is sent down again to the same court, to be proceeded in there.
Procedendo	In English practice, a writ issuing out of chancery in cases where the judges of subordinate courts delay giving judgment, commanding them to proceed to judgment.
Procedendo	A writ by which the commission of the justice of the peace is revived, after having been suspended.
Procedure	The act or manner of proceeding or moving forward; progress; process; operation; conduct.
Procedure	A step taken; an act performed; a proceeding; the steps taken in an action or other legal proceeding.
Procedure	That which results; issue; product.
Proceeded	of Proceed
Proceeding	of Proceed
Proceed	To move, pass, or go forward or onward; to advance; to continue or renew motion begun; as, to proceed on a journey.
Proceed	To pass from one point, topic, or stage, to another; as, to proceed with a story or argument.
Proceed	To issue or come forth as from a source or origin; to come from; as, light proceeds from the sun.
Proceed	To go on in an orderly or regulated manner; to begin and carry on a series of acts or measures; to act by method; to prosecute a design.
Proceed	To be transacted; to take place; to occur.
Proceed	To have application or effect; to operate.
Proceed	To begin and carry on a legal process.
Proceed	See Proceeds.
Proceeder	One who proceeds.
Proceeding	The act of one who proceeds, or who prosecutes a design or transaction; progress or movement from one thing to another; a measure or step taken in a course of business; a transaction; as, an illegal proceeding; a cautious or a violent proceeding.
Proceeding	The course of procedure in the prosecution of an action at law.
Proceeds	That which comes forth or results; effect; yield; issue; product; sum accruing from a sale, etc.
Proceleusmatic	Inciting; animating; encouraging.
Proceleusmatic	Consisting of four short syllables; composed of feet of four short syllables each.
Proceleusmatic	A foot consisting of four short syllables.
Procellarian	One of a family of oceanic birds (Procellaridae)  including the petrels, fulmars, and shearwaters. They are often seen in great abundance in stormy weather.
Procellous	Stormy.
Procephalic	Pertaining to, or forming, the front of the head.
Proception	Preoccupation.
Procere	Of high stature; tall.
Procerebrum	The prosencephalon.
Proceres	An order of large birds; the Ratitae; -- called also Proceri.
Procerite	The segment next to the flagellum of the antennae of Crustacea.
Procerity	Height of stature; tallness.
Process	The act of proceeding; continued forward movement; procedure; progress; advance.
Process	A series of actions, motions, or occurrences; progressive act or transaction; continuous operation; normal or actual course or procedure; regular proceeding; as, the process of vegetation or decomposition; a chemical process; processes of nature.
Process	A statement of events; a narrative.
Process	Any marked prominence or projecting part, especially of a bone; anapophysis.
Process	The whole course of proceedings in a cause real or personal, civil or criminal, from the beginning to the end of the suit; strictly, the means used for bringing the defendant into court to answer to the action; -- a generic term for writs of the class called judicial.
Procession	The act of proceeding, moving on, advancing, or issuing; regular, orderly, or ceremonious progress; continuous course.
Procession	That which is moving onward in an orderly, stately, or solemn manner; a train of persons advancing in order; a ceremonious train; a retinue; as, a procession of mourners; the Lord Mayor's procession.
Procession	An orderly and ceremonial progress of persons, either from the sacristy to the choir, or from the choir around the church, within or without.
Procession	An old term for litanies which were said in procession and not kneeling.
Procession	To ascertain, mark, and establish the boundary lines of, as lands.
Procession	To march in procession.
Procession	To honor with a procession.
Processional	Of or pertaining to a procession; consisting in a procession.
Processional	A service book relating to ecclesiastical processions.
Processional	A hymn, or other selection, sung during a church procession; as, the processional was the 202d hymn.
Processionalist	One who goes or marches in a procession.
Processionary	Pertaining to a procession; consisting in processions; as, processionary service.
Processioner	One who takes part in a procession.
Processioner	A manual of processions; a processional.
Processioner	An officer appointed to procession lands.
Processioning	A proceeding prescribed by statute for ascertaining and fixing the boundaries of land. See 2d Procession.
Processive	Proceeding; advancing.
Proces verbal	An authentic minute of an official act, or statement of facts.
Prochein	Next; nearest.
Prochordal	Situated in front of the notochord; -- applied especially to parts of the cartilaginous rudiments in the base of the skull.
Prochronism	The dating of an event before the time it happened; an antedating; -- opposed to metachronism.
Prochronize	To antedate.
Procidence	Alt. of Procidentia
Procidentia	A falling down; a prolapsus.
Prociduous	Falling from its proper place.
Procinct	A state of complete readiness for action.
Proclaimed	of Proclaim
Proclaiming	of Proclaim
Proclaim	To make known by public announcement; to give wide publicity to; to publish abroad; to promulgate; to declare; as, to proclaim war or peace.
Proclaim	To outlaw by public proclamation.
Proclaimer	One who proclaims.
Proclamation	The act of proclaiming; official or general notice; publication.
Proclamation	That which is proclaimed, publicly announced, or officially declared; a published ordinance; as, the proclamation of a king; a Thanksgiving proclamation.
Proclitic	Leaning forward; -- said of certain monosyllabic words which are so closely attached to the following word as not to have a separate accent.
Proclive	Having a tendency by nature; prone; proclivous.
Proclivity	Inclination; propensity; proneness; tendency.
Proclivity	Readiness; facility; aptitude.
Proclivous	Inclined; tending by nature.
Proclivous	Having the incisor teeth directed forward.
Procoele	A lateral cavity of the prosencephalon; a lateral ventricle of the brain.
Procoeliae	of Procoelia
Procoelia	Same as Procoele.
Procoelia	A division of Crocodilia, including the true crocodiles and alligators, in which the dorsal vertebrae are concave in front.
Procoelian	Concave in front; as, procoelian vertebrae, which have the anterior end of the centra concave and the posterior convex.
Procoelian	A reptile having procoelian vertebrae; one of the Procoelia.
Procoelous	Same as Procoelian.
Proconsul	An officer who discharged the duties of a consul without being himself consul; a governor of, or a military commander in, a province. He was usually one who had previously been consul.
Proconsular	Alt. of Proconsulary
Proconsulary	Of or pertaining of a proconsul; as, proconsular powers.
Proconsulary	Under the government of a proconsul; as, a proconsular province.
Proconsulate	The office jurisdiction of a proconsul, or the term of his office.
Proconsulship	Proconsulate.
Procrastinated	of Procrastinate
Procrastinating	of Procrastinate
Procrastinate	To put off till to-morrow, or from day to day; to defer; to postpone; to delay; as, to procrastinate repentance.
Procrastinate	To delay; to be dilatory.
Procrastination	The act or habit of procrastinating, or putting off to a future time; delay; dilatoriness.
Procrastinator	One who procrastinates, or defers the performance of anything.
Procrastinatory	Of or pertaining to procrastination; dilatory.
Procrastine	To procrastinate.
Procreant	Generating; producing; productive; fruitful; assisting in procreation.
Procreant	One who, or that which, procreates.
Procreated	of Procreate
Procreating	of Procreate
Procreate	To generate and produce; to beget; to engender.
Procreation	The act of begetting; generation and production of young.
Procreative	Having the power to beget; generative.
Procreativeness	The power of generating.
Procreator	One who begets; a father or sire; a generator.
Procris	Any species of small moths of the genus Procris. The larvae of some species injure the grapevine by feeding in groups upon the leaves.
Procrustean	Of or pertaining to Procrustes, or the mode of torture practiced by him; producing conformity by violent means; as, the Procrustean treatment; a Procrustean limit. See Procrustes.
Procrusteanized	of Procrusteanize
Procrusteanizing	of Procrusteanize
Procrusteanize	To stretch or contract according to some rule or standard.
Procrustes	A celebrated legendary highwayman of Attica, who tied his victims upon an iron bed, and, as the case required, either stretched or cut of their legs to adapt them to its length; -- whence the metaphorical phrase, the bed of Procrustes.
Procrustesian	See Procrustean.
Proctitis	Inflammation of the rectum.
Proctocele	Inversion and prolapse of the mucous coat of the rectum, from relaxation of the sphincter, with more or less swelling; prolapsus ani.
Proctodaeum	See Mesenteron.
Proctor	One who is employed to manage to affairs of another.
Proctor	A person appointed to collect alms for those who could not go out to beg for themselves, as lepers, the bedridden, etc.; hence a beggar.
Proctor	An officer employed in admiralty and ecclesiastical causes. He answers to an attorney at common law, or to a solicitor in equity.
Proctor	A representative of the clergy in convocation.
Proctor	An officer in a university or college whose duty it is to enforce obedience to the laws of the institution.
Proctor	To act as a proctor toward; to manage as an attorney or agent.
Proctorage	Management by a proctor, or as by a proctor; hence, control; superintendence; -- in contempt.
Proctorial	Of or pertaining to a proctor, esp. an academic proctor; magisterial.
Proctorical	Proctorial.
Proctorship	The office or dignity of a proctor; also, the term of his office.
Proctotomy	An incision into the rectum, as for the division of a stricture.
Proctucha	A division of Turbellaria including those that have an intestine terminating posteriorly.
Proctucha	The Nemertina.
Procumbent	Lying down, or on the face; prone.
Procumbent	Lying on the ground, but without putting forth roots; trailing; prostrate; as, a procumbent stem.
Procurable	Capable of being procured; obtainable.
Procuracies	of Procuracy
Procuracy	The office or act of a proctor or procurator; management for another.
Procuracy	Authority to act for another; a proxy.
Procuration	The act of procuring; procurement.
Procuration	The management of another's affairs.
Procuration	The instrument by which a person is empowered to transact the affairs of another; a proxy.
Procuration	A sum of money paid formerly to the bishop or archdeacon, now to the ecclesiastical commissioners, by an incumbent, as a commutation for entertainment at the time of visitation; -- called also proxy.
Procurator	One who manages another's affairs, either generally or in a special matter; an agent; a proctor.
Procurator	A governor of a province under the emperors; also, one who had charge of the imperial revenues in a province; as, the procurator of Judea.
Procuratorial	Of or pertaining to a procurator, or proctor; made by a proctor.
Procuratorship	The office or term of a procurator.
Procuratory	Tending to, or authorizing, procuration.
Procured	of Procure
Procuring	of Procure
Procure	To bring into possession; to cause to accrue to, or to come into possession of; to acquire or provide for one's self or for another; to gain; to get; to obtain by any means, as by purchase or loan.
Procure	To contrive; to bring about; to effect; to cause.
Procure	To solicit; to entreat.
Procure	To cause to come; to bring; to attract.
Procure	To obtain for illicit intercourse or prostitution.
Procure	To pimp.
Procure	To manage business for another in court.
Procurement	The act of procuring or obtaining; obtainment; attainment.
Procurement	Efficient contrivance; management; agency.
Procurer	One who procures, or obtains; one who, or that which, brings on, or causes to be done, esp. by corrupt means.
Procurer	One who procures the gratification of lust for another; a pimp; a pander.
Procuress	A female procurer, or pander.
Procyon	A star of the first magnitude in the constellation Canis Minor, or the Little Dog.
Procyon	A genus of mammals including the raccoon.
Prod	A pointed instrument for pricking or puncturing, as a goad, an awl, a skewer, etc.
Prod	A prick or stab which a pointed instrument.
Prod	A light kind of crossbow; -- in the sense, often spelled prodd.
Prodded	of Prod
Prodding	of Prod
Prod	To thrust some pointed instrument into; to prick with something sharp; as, to prod a soldier with a bayonet; to prod oxen; hence, to goad, to incite, to worry; as, to prod a student.
Prodd	A crossbow. See Prod, 3.
Prodigal	Given to extravagant expenditure; expending money or other things without necessity; recklessly or viciously profuse; lavish; wasteful; not frugal or economical; as, a prodigal man; the prodigal son; prodigal giving; prodigal expenses.
Prodigal	One who expends money extravagantly, viciously, or without necessity; one that is profuse or lavish in any expenditure; a waster; a spendthrift.
Prodigality	Extravagance in expenditure, particularly of money; excessive liberality; profusion; waste; -- opposed to frugality, economy, and parsimony.
Prodigalize	To act as a prodigal; to spend liberally.
Prodigalize	To expend lavishly.
Prodigally	In a prodigal manner; with profusion of expense; extravagantly; wasteful; profusely; lavishly; as, an estate prodigally dissipated.
Prodigate	To squander.
Prodigence	Waste; profusion; prodigality.
Prodigious	Of the nature of a prodigy; marvelous; wonderful; portentous.
Prodigious	Extraordinary in bulk, extent, quantity, or degree; very great; vast; huge; immense; as, a prodigious mountain; a prodigious creature; a prodigious blunder.
Prodigiously	Enormously; wonderfully; astonishingly; as, prodigiously great.
Prodigiously	Very much; extremely; as, he was prodigiously pleased.
Prodigiousness	The quality or state of being prodigious; the state of having qualities that excite wonder or astonishment; enormousness; vastness.
Prodigies	of Prodigy
Prodigy	Something extraordinary, or out of the usual course of nature, from which omens are drawn; a portent; as, eclipses and meteors were anciently deemed prodigies.
Prodigy	Anything so extraordinary as to excite wonder or astonishment; a marvel; as, a prodigy of learning.
Prodigy	A production out of ordinary course of nature; an abnormal development; a monster.
Prodition	Disclosure; treachery; treason.
Proitor	A traitor.
Proditorious	Treacherous; perfidious; traitorous.
Proditorious	Apt to make unexpected revelations.
Proditory	Treacherous.
Prodromal	Of or pertaining to prodromes; as, the prodromal stage of a disease.
Prodrome	A forerunner; a precursor.
Prodromous	Precursory.
Prodromus	A prodrome.
Prodromus	A preliminary course or publication; -- used esp. in the titles of elementary works.
Produced	of Produce
Producing	of Produce
Produce	To bring forward; to lead forth; to offer to view or notice; to exhibit; to show; as, to produce a witness or evidence in court.
Produce	To bring forth, as young, or as a natural product or growth; to give birth to; to bear; to generate; to propagate; to yield; to furnish; as, the earth produces grass; trees produce fruit; the clouds produce rain.
Produce	To cause to be or to happen; to originate, as an effect or result; to bring about; as, disease produces pain; vice produces misery.
Produce	To give being or form to; to manufacture; to make; as, a manufacturer produces excellent wares.
Produce	To yield or furnish; to gain; as, money at interest produces an income; capital produces profit.
Produce	To draw out; to extend; to lengthen; to prolong; as, to produce a man's life to threescore.
Produce	To extend; -- applied to a line, surface, or solid; as, to produce a side of a triangle.
Produce	To yield or furnish appropriate offspring, crops, effects, consequences, or results.
Produce	That which is produced, brought forth, or yielded; product; yield; proceeds; result of labor, especially of agricultural labors
Produce	agricultural products.
Producement	Production.
Producent	One who produces, or offers to notice.
Producer	One who produces, brings forth, or generates.
Producer	One who grows agricultural products, or manufactures crude materials into articles of use.
Producer	A furnace for producing combustible gas which is used for fuel.
Producibility	The quality or state of being producible.
Producible	Capable of being produced, brought forward, brought forth, generated, made, or extended.
Product	Anything that is produced, whether as the result of generation, growth, labor, or thought, or by the operation of involuntary causes; as, the products of the season, or of the farm; the products of manufactures; the products of the brain.
Product	The number or sum obtained by adding one number or quantity to itself as many times as there are units in another number; the number resulting from the multiplication of two or more numbers; as, the product of the multiplication of 7 by 5 is 35. In general, the result of any kind of multiplication. See the Note under Multiplication.
Product	To produce; to bring forward.
Product	To lengthen out; to extend.
Product	To produce; to make.
Productibility	The state of being productible; producibility.
Productible	Capable of being produced; producible.
Productile	Capable of being extended or prolonged; extensible; ductile.
Production	The act or process or producing, bringing forth, or exhibiting to view; as, the production of commodities, of a witness.
Production	That which is produced, yielded, or made, whether naturally, or by the application of intelligence and labor; as, the productions of the earth; the productions of handicraft; the productions of intellect or genius.
Production	The act of lengthening out or prolonging.
Productive	Having the quality or power of producing; yielding or furnishing results; as, productive soil; productive enterprises; productive labor, that which increases the number or amount of products.
Productive	Bringing into being; causing to exist; producing; originative; as, an age productive of great men; a spirit productive of heroic achievements.
Productive	Producing, or able to produce, in large measure; fertile; profitable.
Productivity	The quality or state of being productive; productiveness.
Productress	A female producer.
Productus	An extinct genus of brachiopods, very characteristic of the Carboniferous rocks.
Proeguminal	Serving to predispose; predisposing; as, a proeguminal cause of disease.
Proem	Preface; introduction; preliminary observations; prelude.
Proem	To preface.
Proembryo	The series of cells formed in the ovule of a flowering plant after fertilization, but before the formation of the embryo.
Proembryo	The primary growth from the spore in certain cryptogamous plants; as, the proembryo, or protonema, of mosses.
Proemial	Introductory; prefatory; preliminary.
Proemptosis	The addition of a day to the lunar calendar.
Proface	Much good may it do you! -- a familiar salutation or welcome.
Profanate	To profane.
Profanation	The act of violating sacred things, or of treating them with contempt or irreverence; irreverent or too familiar treatment or use of what is sacred; desecration; as, the profanation of the Sabbath; the profanation of a sanctuary; the profanation of the name of God.
Profanation	The act of treating with abuse or disrespect, or with undue publicity, or lack of delicacy.
Profane	Not sacred or holy; not possessing peculiar sanctity; unconsecrated; hence, relating to matters other than sacred; secular; -- opposed to sacred, religious, or inspired; as, a profane place.
Profane	Unclean; impure; polluted; unholy.
Profane	Treating sacred things with contempt, disrespect, irreverence, or undue familiarity; irreverent; impious.
Profane	Irreverent in language; taking the name of God in vain; given to swearing; blasphemous; as, a profane person, word, oath, or tongue.
Profaned	of Profane
Profaning	of Profane
Profane	To violate, as anything sacred; to treat with abuse, irreverence, obloquy, or contempt; to desecrate; to pollute; as, to profane the name of God; to profane the Scriptures, or the ordinance of God.
Profane	To put to a wrong or unworthy use; to make a base employment of; to debase; to abuse; to defile.
Profanely	In a profane manner.
Profaneness	The quality or state of being profane; especially, the use of profane language.
Profaner	One who treats sacred things with irreverence, or defiles what is holy; one who uses profane language.
Profanity	The quality or state of being profane; profaneness; irreverence; esp., the use of profane language; blasphemy.
Profanity	That which is profane; profane language or acts.
Profection	A setting out; a going forward; advance; progression.
Profectitious	Proceeding from, as from a parent; derived, as from an ancestor.
Profert	The exhibition or production of a record or paper in open court, or an allegation that it is in court.
Professed	of Profess
Professing	of Profess
Profess	To make open declaration of, as of one's knowledge, belief, action, etc.; to avow or acknowledge; to confess publicly; to own or admit freely.
Profess	To set up a claim to; to make presence to; hence, to put on or present an appearance of.
Profess	To present to knowledge of, to proclaim one's self versed in; to make one's self a teacher or practitioner of, to set up as an authority respecting; to declare (one's self to be such); as, he professes surgery; to profess one's self a physician.
Profess	To take a profession upon one's self by a public declaration; to confess.
Profess	To declare friendship.
Provessel	Openly declared, avowed, acknowledged, or claimed; as, a professed foe; a professed tyrant; a professed Christian.
Professedly	By profession.
Profession	The act of professing or claiming; open declaration; public avowal or acknowledgment; as, professions of friendship; a profession of faith.
Profession	That which one professed; a declaration; an avowal; a claim; as, his professions are insincere.
Profession	That of which one professed knowledge; the occupation, if not mechanical, agricultural, or the like, to which one devotes one's self; the business which one professes to understand, and to follow for subsistence; calling; vocation; employment; as, the profession of arms; the profession of a clergyman, lawyer, or physician; the profession of lecturer on chemistry.
Profession	The collective body of persons engaged in a calling; as, the profession distrust him.
Profession	The act of entering, or becoming a member of, a religious order.
Professional	Of or pertaining to a profession, or calling; conforming to the rules or standards of a profession; following a profession; as, professional knowledge; professional conduct.
Professional	Engaged in by professionals; as, a professional race; -- opposed to amateur.
Professional	A person who prosecutes anything professionally, or for a livelihood, and not in the character of an amateur; a professional worker.
Professionalism	The following of a profession, sport, etc., as an occupation; -- opposed to amateurism.
Professionalist	professional person.
Professionally	In a professional manner or capacity; by profession or calling; in the exercise of one's profession; one employed professionally.
Professor	One who professed, or makes open declaration of, his sentiments or opinions; especially, one who makes a public avowal of his belief in the Scriptures and his faith in Christ, and thus unites himself to the visible church.
Professor	One who professed, or publicly teaches, any science or branch of learning; especially, an officer in a university, college, or other seminary, whose business it is to read lectures, or instruct students, in a particular branch of learning; as a professor of theology, of botany, of mathematics, or of political economy.
Professorial	Of or pertaining to a professor; as, the professional chair; professional interest.
Professorialism	The character, manners, or habits of a professor.
Professoriat	See Professoriate.
Professoriate	The body of professors, or the professorial staff, in a university or college.
Professoriate	A professorship.
Professorship	The office or position of a professor, or public teacher.
Professory	Of or pertaining to a professor; professorial.
Proffered	of Proffer
Proffering	of Proffer
Proffer	To offer for acceptance; to propose to give; to make a tender of; as, to proffer a gift; to proffer services; to proffer friendship.
Proffer	To essay or attempt of one's own accord; to undertake, or propose to undertake.
Proffer	An offer made; something proposed for acceptance by another; a tender; as, proffers of peace or friendship.
Proffer	Essay; attempt.
Profferer	One who proffers something.
Proficience	Alt. of Proficiency
Proficiency	The quality of state of being proficient; advance in the acquisition of any art, science, or knowledge; progression in knowledge; improvement; adeptness; as, to acquire proficiency in music.
Proficient	One who has made considerable advances in any business, art, science, or branch of learning; an expert; an adept; as, proficient in a trade; a proficient in mathematics, music, etc.
Proficient	Well advanced in any branch of knowledge or skill; possessed of considerable acquirements; well-skilled; versed; adept,
Proficiently	In a proficient manner.
Proficuous	Profitable; advantageous; useful.
Profile	An outline, or contour; as, the profile of an apple.
Profile	A human head represented sidewise, or in a side view; the side face or half face.
Profile	A section of any member, made at right angles with its main lines, showing the exact shape of moldings and the like.
Profile	A drawing exhibiting a vertical section of the ground along a surveyed line, or graded work, as of a railway, showing elevations, depressions, grades, etc.
Profiled	of Profile
Profiling	of Profile
Profile	to draw the outline of; to draw in profile, as an architectural member.
Profile	To shape the outline of an object by passing a cutter around it.
Profiling	In the construction of fieldworks, the erection at proper intervals of wooden profiles, to show to the workmen the sectional form of the parapets at those points.
Profilist	One who takes profiles.
Profit	Acquisition beyond expenditure; excess of value received for producing, keeping, or selling, over cost; hence, pecuniary gain in any transaction or occupation; emolument; as, a profit on the sale of goods.
Profit	Accession of good; valuable results; useful consequences; benefit; avail; gain; as, an office of profit,
Profited	of Profit
Profiting	of Profit
Profit	To be of service to; to be good to; to help on; to benefit; to advantage; to avail; to aid; as, truth profits all men.
Profit	To gain advantage; to make improvement; to improve; to gain; to advance.
Profit	To be of use or advantage; to do or bring good.
Profitable	Yielding or bringing profit or gain; gainful; lucrative; useful; helpful; advantageous; beneficial; as, a profitable trade; profitable business; a profitable study or profession.
Profiting	Gain; advantage; profit.
Profitless	Without profit; unprofitable.
Profligacy	The quality of state of being profligate; a profligate or very vicious course of life; a state of being abandoned in moral principle and in vice; dissoluteness.
Profligate	Overthrown; beaten; conquered.
Profligate	Broken down in respect of rectitude, principle, virtue, or decency; openly and shamelessly immoral or vicious; dissolute; as, profligate man or wretch.
Profligate	An abandoned person; one openly and shamelessly vicious; a dissolute person.
Profligate	To drive away; to overcome.
Profligately	In a profligate manner.
Profligateness	The quality of being profligate; an abandoned course of life; profligacy.
Profligation	Defeat; rout; overthrow.
Profluence	Quality of being profluent; course.
Profluent	Flowing forward,
Profound	Descending far below the surface; opening or reaching to a great depth; deep.
Profound	Intellectually deep; entering far into subjects; reaching to the bottom of a matter, or of a branch of learning; thorough; as, a profound investigation or treatise; a profound scholar; profound wisdom.
Profound	Characterized by intensity; deeply felt; pervading; overmastering; far-reaching; strongly impressed; as, a profound sleep.
Profound	Bending low, exhibiting or expressing deep humility; lowly; submissive; as, a profound bow.
Profound	The deep; the sea; the ocean.
Profound	An abyss.
Profound	To cause to sink deeply; to cause to dive or penetrate far down.
Profound	To dive deeply; to penetrate.
Profoundly	In a profound manner.
Profoundness	The quality or state of being profound; profundity; depth.
Profulgent	Shining forth; brilliant; effulgent.
-ties	of Profundity
Profundity	The quality or state of being profound; depth of place, knowledge, feeling, etc.
Profuse	Pouring forth with fullness or exuberance; bountiful; exceedingly liberal; giving without stint; as, a profuse government; profuse hospitality.
Profuse	Superabundant; excessive; prodigal; lavish; as, profuse expenditure.
Profuse	To pour out; to give or spend liberally; to lavish; to squander.
Profusely	In a profuse manner.
Profuseness	Extravagance; profusion.
Profusion	The act of one who is profuse; a lavishing or pouring out without sting.
Profusion	Abundance; exuberant plenty; lavish supply; as, a profusion of commodities.
Profusive	Profuse; lavish; prodigal.
Progged	of Prog
Progging	of Prog
Prog	To wander about and beg; to seek food or other supplies by low arts; to seek for advantage by mean shift or tricks.
Prog	To steal; to rob; to filch.
Prog	To prick; to goad; to progue.
Prog	Victuals got by begging, or vagrancy; victuals of any kind; food; supplies.
Prog	A vagrant beggar; a tramp.
Prog	A goal; progue.
Progenerate	To beget; to generate; to produce; to procreate; as, to progenerate a race.
Progeneration	The act of begetting; propagation.
Progenitor	An ancestor in the direct line; a forefather.
Progenitorship	The state of being a progenitor.
Progenitress	A female progenitor.
Progeniture	A begetting, or birth.
Progeny	Descendants of the human kind, or offspring of other animals; children; offspring; race, lineage.
Proglottid	Proglottis.
Proglottides	of Proglottis
Proglottis	One of the free, or nearly free, segments of a tapeworm. It contains both male and female reproductive organs, and is capable of a brief independent existence.
Prognathi	A comprehensive group of mankind, including those that have prognathous jaws.
Prognathic	Prognathous.
Prognathism	Projection of the jaws.
Prognathous	Having the jaws projecting beyond the upper part of the face; -- opposed to orthognathous. See Gnathic index, under Gnathic.
Progne	A swallow.
Progne	A genus of swallows including the purple martin. See Martin.
Progne	An American butterfly (Polygonia, / Vanessa, Progne). It is orange and black above, grayish beneath, with an L-shaped silver mark on the hind wings. Called also gray comma.
Prognosis	The act or art of foretelling the course and termination of a disease; also, the outlook afforded by this act of judgment; as, the prognosis of hydrophobia is bad.
Prognostic	Indicating something future by signs or symptoms; foreshowing; aiding in prognosis; as, the prognostic symptoms of a disease; prognostic signs.
Prognostic	That which prognosticates; a sign by which a future event may be known or foretold; an indication; a sign or omen; hence, a foretelling; a prediction.
Prognostic	A sign or symptom indicating the course and termination of a disease.
Prognostic	To prognosticate.
Prognosticable	Capable of being prognosticated or foretold.
Prognosticated	of Prognosticate
Prognosticating	of Prognosticate
Prognosticate	To indicate as future; to foretell from signs or symptoms; to prophesy; to foreshow; to predict; as, to prognosticate evil.
Prognostication	The act of foreshowing or foretelling something future by present signs; prediction.
Prognostication	That which foreshows; a foretoken.
Prognosticator	One who prognosticates; a foreknower or foreteller of a future course or event by present signs.
Program	Same as Programme.
Programmata	of Programma
Programma	Any law, which, after it had passed the Athenian senate, was fixed on a tablet for public inspection previously to its being proposed to the general assembly of the people.
Programma	An edict published for public information; an official bulletin; a public proclamation.
Programma	See Programme.
Programma	A preface.
Programme	That which is written or printed as a public notice or advertisement; a scheme; a prospectus; especially, a brief outline or explanation of the order to be pursued, or the subjects embraced, in any public exercise, performance, or entertainment; a preliminary sketch.
Progress	A moving or going forward; a proceeding onward; an advance
Progress	In actual space, as the progress of a ship, carriage, etc.
Progress	In the growth of an animal or plant; increase.
Progress	In business of any kind; as, the progress of a negotiation; the progress of art.
Progress	In knowledge; in proficiency; as, the progress of a child at school.
Progress	Toward ideal completeness or perfection in respect of quality or condition; -- applied to individuals, communities, or the race; as, social, moral, religious, or political progress.
Progress	A journey of state; a circuit; especially, one made by a sovereign through parts of his own dominions.
Progressed	of Progress
Progressing	of Progress
Progress	To make progress; to move forward in space; to continue onward in course; to proceed; to advance; to go on; as, railroads are progressing.
Progress	To make improvement; to advance.
Progress	To make progress in; to pass through.
Progression	The act of moving forward; a proceeding in a course; motion onward.
Progression	Course; passage; lapse or process of time.
Progression	Regular or proportional advance in increase or decrease of numbers; continued proportion, arithmetical, geometrical, or harmonic.
Progression	A regular succession of tones or chords; the movement of the parts in harmony; the order of the modulations in a piece from key to key.
Progressional	Of or pertaining to progression; tending to, or capable of, progress.
Progressionist	One who holds to a belief in the progression of society toward perfection.
Progressionist	One who maintains the doctrine of progression in organic forms; -- opposed to uniformitarian.
Progressist	One who makes, or holds to, progress; a progressionist.
Progressive	Moving forward; proceeding onward; advancing; evincing progress; increasing; as, progressive motion or course; -- opposed to retrograde.
Progressive	Improving; as, art is in a progressive state.
Progue	To prog.
Progue	A sharp point; a goad.
Progue	To prick; to goad.
Proheme	Proem.
Prohibited	of Prohibit
Prohibiting	of Prohibit
Prohibit	To forbid by authority; to interdict; as, God prohibited Adam from eating of the fruit of a certain tree; we prohibit a person from doing a thing, and also the doing of the thing; as, the law prohibits men from stealing, or it prohibits stealing.
Prohibit	To hinder; to debar; to prevent; to preclude.
Prohibiter	One who prohibits or forbids; a forbidder; an interdicter.
Prohibition	The act of prohibiting; a declaration or injunction forbidding some action; interdict.
Prohibition	Specifically, the forbidding by law of the sale of alcoholic liquors as beverages.
Prohibitionist	One who favors prohibitory duties on foreign goods in commerce; a protectionist.
Prohibitionist	One who favors the prohibition of the sale (or of the sale and manufacture) of alcoholic liquors as beverages.
Prohibitive	That prohibits; prohibitory; as, a tax whose effect is prohibitive.
Prohibitory	Tending to prohibit, forbid, or exclude; implying prohibition; forbidding; as, a prohibitory law; a prohibitory price.
Proin	To lop; to trim; to prune; to adorn.
Proin	To employed in pruning.
Project	The place from which a thing projects, or starts forth.
Project	That which is projected or designed; something intended or devised; a scheme; a design; a plan.
Project	An idle scheme; an impracticable design; as, a man given to projects.
Projected	of Project
Projecting	of Project
Project	To throw or cast forward; to shoot forth.
Project	To cast forward or revolve in the mind; to contrive; to devise; to scheme; as, to project a plan.
Project	To draw or exhibit, as the form of anything; to delineate; as, to project a sphere, a map, an ellipse, and the like; -- sometimes with on, upon, into, etc.; as, to project a line or point upon a plane. See Projection, 4.
Project	To shoot forward; to extend beyond something else; to be prominent; to jut; as, the cornice projects; branches project from the tree.
Project	To form a project; to scheme.
Projectile	Projecting or impelling forward; as, a projectile force.
Projectile	Caused or imparted by impulse or projection; impelled forward; as, projectile motion.
Projectile	A body projected, or impelled forward, by force; especially, a missile adapted to be shot from a firearm.
Projectile	A part of mechanics which treats of the motion, range, time of flight, etc., of bodies thrown or driven through the air by an impelling force.
Projection	The act of throwing or shooting forward.
Projection	A jutting out; also, a part jutting out, as of a building; an extension beyond something else.
Projection	The act of scheming or planning; also, that which is planned; contrivance; design; plan.
Projection	The representation of something; delineation; plan; especially, the representation of any object on a perspective plane, or such a delineation as would result were the chief points of the object thrown forward upon the plane, each in the direction of a line drawn through it from a given point of sight, or central point; as, the projection of a sphere. The several kinds of projection differ according to the assumed point of sight and plane of projection in each.
Projection	Any method of representing the surface of the earth upon a plane.
Projectment	Design; contrivance; projection.
Projector	One who projects a scheme or design; hence, one who forms fanciful or chimerical schemes.
Projecture	A jutting out beyond a surface.
Projet	A plan proposed; a draft of a proposed measure; a project.
Proke	To poke; to thrust.
Prolapse	The falling down of a part through the orifice with which it is naturally connected, especially of the uterus or the rectum.
Prolapse	To fall down or out; to protrude.
Prolapsion	Prolapse.
Prolapsus	Prolapse.
Prolate	Stretched out; extended; especially, elongated in the direction of a line joining the poles; as, a prolate spheroid; -- opposed to oblate.
Prolate	To utter; to pronounce.
Prolation	The act of prolating or pronouncing; utterance; pronunciation.
Prolation	The act of deferring; delay.
Prolation	A mediaeval method of determining of the proportionate duration of semibreves and minims.
Prolata	of Prolatum
Prolatum	A prolate spheroid. See Ellipsoid of revolution, under Ellipsoid.
Proleg	One of the fleshy legs found on the abdominal segments of the larvae of Lepidoptera, sawflies, and some other insects. Those of Lepidoptera have a circle of hooks. Called also proped, propleg, and falseleg.
Prolegate	The deputy or substitute for a legate.
Prolegomenary	Of the nature of a prolegomenon; preliminary; introductory; prefatory.
Prolegomena	of Prolegomenon
Prolegomenon	A preliminary remark or observation; an introductory discourse prefixed to a book or treatise.
Prolepsis	A figure by which objections are anticipated or prevented.
Prolepsis	A necessary truth or assumption; a first or assumed principle.
Prolepsis	An error in chronology, consisting in an event being dated before the actual time.
Prolepsis	The application of an adjective to a noun in anticipation, or to denote the result, of the action of the verb; as, to strike one dumb.
Proleptic	Alt. of Proleptical
Proleptical	Of or pertaining to prolepsis; anticipative.
Proleptical	Previous; antecedent.
Proleptical	Anticipating the usual time; -- applied to a periodical disease whose paroxysms return at an earlier hour at every repetition.
Proleptically	In a proleptical manner.
Proleptics	The art and science of predicting in medicine.
Proletaire	One of the common people; a low person; also, the common people as a class or estate in a country.
Proletaneous	Having a numerous offspring.
Proletarian	Of or pertaining to the proletaries; belonging to the commonalty; hence, mean; vile; vulgar.
Proletarian	A proletary.
Proletariat	The indigent class in the State; the body of proletarians.
Proletariate	The lower classes; beggars.
Proletaries	of Proletary
Proletary	A citizen of the lowest class, who served the state, not with property, but only by having children; hence, a common person.
Prolicide	The crime of destroying one's offspring, either in the womb or after birth.
Proliferate	To produce or form cells; especially, to produce cells rapidly.
Proliferate	To produce zooids by budding.
Proliferation	The continuous development of cells in tissue formation; cell formation.
Proliferation	The production of numerous zooids by budding, especially when buds arise from other buds in succession.
Proliferous	Bearing offspring; -- applied to a flower from within which another is produced, or to a branch or frond from which another rises, or to a plant which is reproduced by buds or gemmae.
Proliferous	Producing young by budding.
Proliferous	Producing sexual zooids by budding; -- said of the blastostyle of a hydroid.
Proliferous	Producing a cluster of branchlets from a larger branch; -- said of corals.
Prolific	Having the quality of generating; producing young or fruit; generative; fruitful; productive; -- applied to plants producing fruit, animals producing young, etc.; -- usually with the implied idea of frequent or numerous production; as, a prolific tree, female, and the like.
Prolific	Serving to produce; fruitful of results; active; as, a prolific brain; a controversy prolific of evil.
Prolific	Proliferous.
Prolificacy	Prolificness.
Prolifical	Producing young or fruit abundantly; fruitful; prolific.
Prolificate	To make prolific; to fertilize; to impregnate.
Prolification	The generation of young.
Prolification	Reproduction by the growth of a plant, or part of a plant, directly from an older one, or by gemmae.
Prolificness	The quality or state of being prolific; fruitfulness; prolificacy.
Prolix	Extending to a great length; unnecessarily long; minute in narration or argument; excessively particular in detail; -- rarely used except with reference to discourse written or spoken; as, a prolix oration; a prolix poem; a prolix sermon.
Prolix	Indulging in protracted discourse; tedious; wearisome; -- applied to a speaker or writer.
Prolixious	Dilatory; tedious; superfluous.
Prolixity	The quality or state of being prolix; great length; minute detail; as, prolixity in discourses and writings.
Prolixly	In a prolix manner.
Prolixness	Prolixity.
Prolled	of Proll
Prolling	of Proll
Proll	To search or prowl after; to rob; to plunder.
Proll	To prowl about; to rob.
Proller	Prowler; thief.
Prolocutor	One who speaks for another.
Prolocutor	The presiding officer of a convocation.
Proocutorship	The office of a prolocutor.
Prolog	Prologue.
Prologize	To deliver a Prologue.
Prologizer	One who prologizes.
Prologue	The preface or introduction to a discourse, poem, or performance; as, the prologue of Chaucer's "Canterbury Tales;"  esp., a discourse or poem spoken before a dramatic performance
Prologue	One who delivers a prologue.
Prologued	of Prologue
Prologuing	of Prologue
Prologue	To introduce with a formal preface, or prologue.
Prolonged	of Prolong
Prolonging	of Prolong
Prolong	To extend in space or length; as, to prolong a line.
Prolong	To lengthen in time; to extend the duration of; to draw out; to continue; as, to prolong one's days.
Prolong	To put off to a distant time; to postpone.
Prolongable	Capable of being prolonged; as, life is prolongable by care.
Prolongated	of Prolongate
Prolongating	of Prolongate
Prolongate	To prolong; to extend in space or in time.
Prolongation	The act of lengthening in space or in time; extension; protraction.
Prolongation	That which forms an additional length.
Prolonge	A rope with a hook and a toggle, sometimes used to drag a gun carriage or to lash it to the limber, and for various other purposes.
Prolonger	One who, or that which, causes an extension in time or space.
Prolongment	Prolongation.
Prolusion	A trial before the principal performance; a prelude; hence, an introductory essay or exercise.
Promanation	The act of flowing forth; emanation; efflux.
Promenade	A walk for pleasure, display, or exercise.
Promenade	A place for walking; a public walk.
Promenaded	of Promenade
Promenading	of Promenade
Promenade	To walk for pleasure, display, or exercise.
Promenader	One who promenades.
Promerit	To oblige; to confer a favor on.
Promerit	To deserve; to procure by merit.
Promerops	Any one of several species of very brilliant birds belonging to Promerops, Epimarchus, and allied genera, closely related to the paradise birds, and mostly native of New Guinea. They have a long curved beak and a long graduated tail.
Promethea	A large American bombycid moth (Callosamia promethea). Its larva feeds on the sassafras, wild cherry, and other trees, and suspends its cocoon from a branch by a silken band.
Promethean	Of or pertaining to Prometheus. See Prometheus.
Promethean	Having a life-giving quality; inspiring.
Promethean	An apparatus for automatic ignition.
Promethean	A kind of lucifer match.
Prometheus	The son of Iapetus (one of the Titans) and Clymene, fabled by the poets to have surpassed all mankind in knowledge, and to have formed men of clay to whom he gave life by means of fire stolen from heaven. Jupiter, being angry at this, sent Mercury to bind Prometheus to Mount Caucasus, where a vulture preyed upon his liver.
Prominence	Alt. of Prominency
Prominency	The quality or state of being prominent; a standing out from something; conspicuousness.
Prominency	That which is prominent; a protuberance.
Prominent	Standing out, or projecting, beyond the line surface of something; jutting; protuberant; in high relief; as, a prominent figure on a vase.
Prominent	Hence; Distinctly manifest; likely to attract attention from its size or position; conspicuous; as, a prominent feature of the face; a prominent building.
Prominent	Eminent; distinguished above others; as, a prominent character.
Prominently	In a prominent manner.
Promiscuity	Promiscuousness; confusion.
Promiscuous	Consisting of individuals united in a body or mass without order; mingled; confused; undistinguished; as, a promiscuous crowd or mass.
Promiscuous	Distributed or applied without order or discrimination; not restricted to an individual; common; indiscriminate; as, promiscuous love or intercourse.
Promiscuously	In a promiscuous manner.
Promiscuousness	The quality or state of being promiscuous.
Promise	In general, a declaration, written or verbal, made by one person to another, which binds the person who makes it to do, or to forbear to do, a specified act; a declaration which gives to the person to whom it is made a right to expect or to claim the performance or forbearance of a specified act.
Promise	An engagement by one person to another, either in words or in writing, but properly not under seal, for the performance or nonperformance of some particular thing.  The word promise is used to denote the mere engagement of a person, without regard to the consideration for it, or the corresponding duty of the party to whom it is made.
Promise	That which causes hope, expectation, or assurance; especially, that which affords expectation of future distinction; as, a youth of great promise.
Promise	Bestowal, fulfillment, or grant of what is promised.
Promised	of Promise
Promising	of Promise
Promise	To engage to do, give, make, or to refrain from doing, giving, or making, or the like; to covenant; to engage; as, to promise a visit; to promise a cessation of hostilities; to promise the payment of money.
Promise	To afford reason to expect; to cause hope or assurance of; as, the clouds promise rain.
Promise	To make declaration of or give assurance of, as some benefit to be conferred; to pledge or engage to bestow; as, the proprietors promised large tracts of land; the city promised a reward.
Promise	To give assurance by a promise, or binding declaration.
Promise	To afford hopes or expectation; to give ground to expect good; rarely, to give reason to expect evil.
Promisee	The person to whom a promise is made.
Promiser	One who promises.
Promising	Making a promise or promises; affording hope or assurance; as, promising person; a promising day.
Promisor	One who engages or undertakes; a promiser.
Promissive	Making a promise; implying a promise; promising.
Promissorily	In a promissory manner.
Promissory	Containing a promise or binding declaration of something to be done or forborne.
Promont	Promontory.
Promontories	of Promontory
Promontory	A high point of land or rock projecting into the sea beyond the line of coast; a headland; a high cape.
Promontory	A projecting part. Especially: (a) The projecting angle of the ventral side of the sacrum where it joins the last lumbar vertebra. (b) A prominence on the inner wall of the tympanum of the ear.
Promerphological	Relating to promorphology; as, a promorphological conception.
Promorphologist	One versed in the science of promorphology.
Promorphology	Crystallography of organic forms; -- a division of morphology created by Haeckel. It is essentially stereometric, and relates to a mathematical conception of organic forms. See Tectology.
Promoted	of Promote
Promoting	of Promote
Promote	To contribute to the growth, enlargement, or prosperity of (any process or thing that is in course); to forward; to further; to encourage; to advance; to excite; as, to promote learning; to promote disorder; to promote a business venture.
Promote	To exalt in station, rank, or honor; to elevate; to raise; to prefer; to advance; as, to promote an officer.
Promote	To urge on or incite another, as to strife; also, to inform against a person.
Promoter	One who, or that which, forwards, advances, or promotes; an encourager; as, a promoter of charity or philosophy.
Promoter	Specifically, one who sets on foot, and takes the preliminary steps in, a scheme for the organization of a corporation, a joint-stock company, or the like.
Promoter	One who excites; as, a promoter of sedition.
Promoter	An informer; a makebate.
Promottion	The act of promoting, advancing, or encouraging; the act of exalting in rank or honor; also, the condition of being advanced, encouraged, or exalted in honor; preferment.
Promotive	Tending to advance, promote, or encourage.
Promove	To move forward; to advance; to promote.
Promover	A promoter.
Promt	Ready and quick to act as occasion demands; meeting requirements readily; not slow, dilatory, or hesitating in decision or action; responding on the instant; immediate; as, prompt in obedience or compliance; -- said of persons.
Promt	Done or rendered quickly, readily, or immediately; given without delay or hesitation; -- said of conduct; as, prompt assistance.
Promt	Easy; unobstructed.
Prompt	A limit of time given for payment of an account for produce purchased, this limit varying with different goods. See Prompt-note.
Prompted	of Prompt
Prompting	of Prompt
Prompt	To assist or induce the action of; to move to action; to instigate; to incite.
Prompt	To suggest; to dictate.
Prompt	To remind, as an actor or an orator, of words or topics forgotten.
Prompt-book	The book used by a prompter of a theater.
Prompter	One who, or that which, prompts; one who admonishes or incites to action.
Prompter	One who reminds another, as an actor or an orator, of the words to be spoken next; specifically, one employed for this purpose in a theater.
Promptitude	The quality of being prompt; quickness of decision and action when occasion demands; alacrity; as, promptitude in obedience.
Promptly	In a prompt manner.
Promptness	Promptitude; readiness; quickness of decision or action.
Promptness	Cheerful willingness; alacrity.
Prompt-note	A memorandum of a sale, and time when payment is due, given to the purchaser at a sale of goods.
Promptuary	Of or pertaining to preparation.
Promptuary	That from which supplies are drawn; a storehouse; a magazine; a repository.
Prompture	Suggestion; incitement; prompting.
Promulgated	of Promulgate
Promulgating	of Promulgate
Promulgate	To make known by open declaration, as laws, decrees, or tidings; to publish; as, to promulgate the secrets of a council.
Promulgation	The act of promulgating; publication; open declaration; as, the promulgation of the gospel.
Promulgator	One who promulgates or publishes.
Promulged	of Promulge
Promulging	of Promulge
Promulge	To promulgate; to publish or teach.
Promulger	One who promulges or publishes what was before unknown.
Promuscis	The proboscis of hemipterous insects. See Illust. under Hemiptera.
Pronaos	The porch or vestibule of a temple.
Pronate	Somewhat prone; inclined; as, pronate trees.
Pronation	The act of turning the palm or palmar surface of the forefoot downward.
Pronation	That motion of the forearm whereby the palm or palmar, surface is turned downward.
Pronation	The position of the limb resulting from the act of pronation. Opposed to supination.
Pronator	A muscle which produces pronation.
Prone	Bending forward; inclined; not erect.
Prone	Prostrate; flat; esp., lying with the face down; -- opposed to supine.
Prone	Headlong; running downward or headlong.
Prone	Sloping, with reference to a line or surface; declivous; inclined; not level.
Prone	Inclined; propense; disposed; -- applied to the mind or affections, usually in an ill sense. Followed by to.
Pronely	In a prone manner or position.
Proneness	The quality or state of being prone, or of bending downward; as, the proneness of beasts is opposed to the erectness of man.
Proneness	The state of lying with the face down; -- opposed to supineness.
Proneness	Descent; declivity; as, the proneness of a hill.
Proneness	Inclination of mind, heart, or temper; propension; disposition; as, proneness to self-gratification.
Pronephric	Of or pertaining to the pronephros.
Pronephros	Alt. of Pronephron
Pronephron	The head kidney. See under Head.
Prong	A sharp-pointed instrument.
Prong	The tine of a fork, or of a similar instrument; as, a fork of two or three prongs.
Prong	A sharp projection, as of an antler.
Prong	The fang of a tooth.
Prongbuck	The springbuck.
Prongbuck	The pronghorn.
Pronged	Having prongs or projections like the tines of a fork; as, a three-pronged fork.
Prong-hoe	A hoe with prongs to break the earth.
Pronghorn	An American antelope (Antilocapra Americana), native of the plain near the Rocky Mountains. The upper parts are mostly yellowish brown; the under parts, the sides of the head and throat, and the buttocks, are white. The horny sheath of the horns is shed annually. Called also cabree, cabut, prongbuck, and pronghorned antelope.
Pronity	Proneness; propensity.
Pronominal	Belonging to, or partaking of the nature of, a pronoun.
Pronominalize	To give the effect of a pronoun to; as, to pronominalize the substantives person, people, etc.
Pronominally	In a pronominal manner/ with the nature or office of a pronoun; as a pronoun.
Prononce	Strongly marked; decided, as in manners, etc.
Pronotary	See Prothonotary.
Pronota	of Pronotum
Pronotum	The dorsal plate of the prothorax in insects. See Illust. of Coleoptera.
Pronoun	A word used instead of a noun or name, to avoid the repetition of it. The personal pronouns in English are I, thou or you, he, she, it, we, ye, and they.
Pronounced	of Pronounce
Pronounging	of Pronounce
Pronounce	To utter articulately; to speak out or distinctly; to utter, as words or syllables; to speak with the proper sound and accent as, adults rarely learn to pronounce a foreign language correctly.
Pronounce	To utter officially or solemnly; to deliver, as a decree or sentence; as, to pronounce sentence of death.
Pronounce	To speak or utter rhetorically; to deliver; to recite; as, to pronounce an oration.
Pronounce	To declare or affirm; as, he pronounced the book to be a libel; he pronounced the act to be a fraud.
Pronounce	To give a pronunciation; to articulate; as, to pronounce faultlessly.
Pronounce	To make declaration; to utter on opinion; to speak with confidence.
Pronounce	Pronouncement; declaration; pronunciation.
Pronounceable	Capable of being pronounced.
Pronounced	Strongly marked; unequivocal; decided. [A Gallicism]
Pronouncement	The act of pronouncing; a declaration; a formal announcement.
Pronouncer	One who pronounces, utters, or declares; also, a pronouncing book.
Pronouncing	Pertaining to, or indicating, pronunciation; as, a pronouncing dictionary.
Pronubial	Presiding over marriage.
Pronuclei	of Pronucleus
Pronucleus	One of the two bodies or nuclei (called male and female pronuclei) which unite to form the first segmentation nucleus of an impregnated ovum.
Pronuncial	Of or pertaining to pronunciation; pronunciative.
Pronunciamento	A proclamation or manifesto; a formal announcement or declaration.
Pronunciamiento	See Pronunciamento.
Pronunciation	The act of uttering with articulation; the act of giving the proper sound and accent; utterance; as, the pronunciation of syllables of words; distinct or indistinct pronunciation.
Pronunciation	The mode of uttering words or sentences.
Pronunciation	The art of manner of uttering a discourse publicly with propriety and gracefulness; -- now called delivery.
Pronunciative	Of or pertaining to pronunciation.
Pronunciative	Uttering confidently; dogmatical.
Pronunciator	One who pronounces; a pronouncer.
Pronunciatory	Of or pertaining to pronunciation; that pronounces.
Proof	Any effort, process, or operation designed to establish or discover a fact or truth; an act of testing; a test; a trial.
Proof	That degree of evidence which convinces the mind of any truth or fact, and produces belief; a test by facts or arguments that induce, or tend to induce, certainty of the judgment; conclusive evidence; demonstration.
Proof	The quality or state of having been proved or tried; firmness or hardness that resists impression, or does not yield to force; impenetrability of physical bodies.
Proof	Firmness of mind; stability not to be shaken.
Proof	A trial impression, as from type, taken for correction or examination; -- called also proof sheet.
Proof	A process for testing the accuracy of an operation performed.  Cf. Prove, v. t., 5.
Proof	Armor of excellent or tried quality, and deemed impenetrable; properly, armor of proof.
Proof	Used in proving or testing; as, a proof load, or proof charge.
Proof	Firm or successful in resisting; as, proof against harm; waterproof; bombproof.
Proof	Being of a certain standard as to strength; -- said of alcoholic liquors.
Proof-arm	To arm with proof armor; to arm securely; as, to proof-arm herself.
Proofless	Wanting sufficient evidence to induce belief; not proved.
Proof-proof	Proof against proofs; obstinate in the wrong.
Proostraca	of Proostracum
Proostracum	The anterior prolongation of the guard of the phragmocone of belemnites and allied fossil cephalopods, whether horny or calcareous. See Illust. of Phragmocone.
Prootic	In front of the auditory capsule; -- applied especially to a bone, or center of ossification, in the periotic capsule.
Prootic	A prootic bone.
Prop	A shell, used as a die. See Props.
Propped	of Prop
Propping	of Prop
Prop	To support, or prevent from falling, by placing something under or against; as, to prop up a fence or an old building; (Fig.)  to sustain; to maintain; as, to prop a declining state.
Prop	That which sustains an incumbent weight; that on which anything rests or leans for support; a support; a stay; as, a prop for a building.
Propaedeutic	Alt. of Propaedeutical
Propaedeutical	Of, pertaining to, or conveying, preliminary instruction; introductory to any art or science; instructing beforehand.
Propaedeutics	The preliminary learning connected with any art or science; preparatory instruction.
Propagable	Capable of being propagated, or of being continued or multiplied by natural generation or production.
Propagable	Capable of being spread or extended by any means; -- said of tenets, doctrines, or principles.
Propaganda	A congregation of cardinals, established in 1622, charged with the management of missions.
Propaganda	The college of the Propaganda, instituted by Urban VIII. (1623-1644) to educate priests for missions in all parts of the world.
Propaganda	Hence, any organization or plan for spreading a particular doctrine or a system of principles.
Propagandism	The art or practice of propagating tenets or principles; zeal in propagating one's opinions.
Propagandist	A person who devotes himself to the spread of any system of principles.
Propagated	of Propagate
Propagating	of Propagate
Propagate	To cause to continue or multiply by generation, or successive production; -- applied to animals and plants; as, to propagate a breed of horses or sheep; to propagate a species of fruit tree.
Propagate	To cause to spread to extend; to impel or continue forward in space; as, to propagate sound or light.
Propagate	To spread from person to person; to extend the knowledge of; to originate and spread; to carry from place to place; to disseminate; as, to propagate a story or report; to propagate the Christian religion.
Propagate	To multiply; to increase.
Propagate	To generate; to produce.
Propagate	To have young or issue; to be produced or multiplied by generation, or by new shoots or plants; as, rabbits propagate rapidly.
Propagation	The act of propagating; continuance or multiplication of the kind by generation or successive production; as, the propagation of animals or plants.
Propagation	The spreading abroad, or extension, of anything; diffusion; dissemination; as, the propagation of sound; the propagation of the gospel.
Propagative	Producing by propagation, or by a process of growth.
Propagator	One who propagates; one who continues or multiplies.
Propagula	of Propagulum
Propagulum	A runner terminated by a germinating bud.
Propane	A heavy gaseous hydrocarbon, C3H8, of the paraffin series, occurring naturally dissolved in crude petroleum, and also made artificially; -- called also propyl hydride.
Propargyl	Same as Propinyl.
Proparoxytone	A word which has the acute accent on the antepenult.
Proped	Same as Proleg.
Propelled	of Propel
Propelling	of Propel
Propel	To drive forward; to urge or press onward by force; to move, or cause to move; as, the wind or steam propels ships; balls are propelled by gunpowder.
Propeller	One who, or that which, propels.
Propeller	A contrivance for propelling a steam vessel, usually consisting of a screw placed in the stern under water, and made to revolve by an engine; a propeller wheel.
Propeller	A steamboat thus propelled; a screw steamer.
Propend	To lean toward a thing; to be favorably inclined or disposed; to incline; to tend.
Propendency	Propensity.
Propendency	Attentive deliberation.
Propendent	Inclining forward or toward.
Propene	Same as Propylene.
Propense	Leaning toward, in a moral sense; inclined; disposed; prone; as, women propense to holiness.
Propension	The quality or state of being propense; propensity.
Propensities	of Propensity
Propensity	The quality or state of being propense; natural inclination; disposition to do good or evil; bias; bent; tendency.
Propenyl	A hypothetical hydrocarbon radical, C3H5, isomeric with allyl and glyceryl, and regarded as the essential residue of glycerin.  Cf. Allyl, and Glyceryl.
Propepsin	See Persinogen.
Propeptone	A product of gastric digestion intermediate between albumin and peptone, identical with hemialbumose.
Proper	Belonging to one; one's own; individual.
Proper	Belonging to the natural or essential constitution; peculiar; not common; particular; as, every animal has his proper instincts and appetites.
Proper	Befitting one's nature, qualities, etc.; suitable in all respect; appropriate; right; fit; decent; as, water is the proper element for fish; a proper dress.
Proper	Becoming in appearance; well formed; handsome.
Proper	Pertaining to one of a species, but not common to the whole; not appellative; -- opposed to common; as, a proper name; Dublin is the proper name of a city.
Proper	Rightly so called; strictly considered; as, Greece proper; the garden proper.
Proper	Represented in its natural color; -- said of any object used as a charge.
Proper	Properly; hence, to a great degree; very; as, proper good.
Properate	To hasten, or press forward.
Properation	The act of hastening; haste.
Properispome	Properispomenon.
Properispomena	of Properispomenon
Properispomenon	A word which has the circumflex accent on the penult.
Properly	In a proper manner; suitably; fitly; strictly; rightly; as, a word properly applied; a dress properly adjusted.
Properly	Individually; after one's own manner.
Properness	The quality of being proper.
Properness	Tallness; comeliness.
Propertied	Possessing property; holding real estate, or other investments of money.
Properties	of Property
Property	That which is proper to anything; a peculiar quality of a thing; that which is inherent in a subject, or naturally essential to it; an attribute; as, sweetness is a property of sugar.
Property	An acquired or artificial quality; that which is given by art, or bestowed by man; as, the poem has the properties which constitute excellence.
Property	The exclusive right of possessing, enjoying, and disposing of a thing; ownership; title.
Property	That to which a person has a legal title, whether in his possession or not; thing owned; an estate, whether in lands, goods, or money; as, a man of large property, or small property.
Property	All the adjuncts of a play except the scenery and the dresses of the actors; stage requisites.
Property	Propriety; correctness.
Property	To invest which properties, or qualities.
Property	To make a property of; to appropriate.
Prophane	See Profane.
Prophasis	Foreknowledge of a disease; prognosis.
Prophecies	of Prophecy
Prophecy	A declaration of something to come; a foretelling; a prediction; esp., an inspired foretelling.
Prophecy	A book of prophecies; a history; as, the prophecy of Ahijah.
Prophecy	Public interpretation of Scripture; preaching; exhortation or instruction.
Prophesier	A prophet.
Prophesied	of Prophesy
Prophesying	of Prophesy
Prophesy	To foretell; to predict; to prognosticate.
Prophesy	To foreshow; to herald; to prefigure.
Prophesy	To utter predictions; to make declaration of events to come.
Prophesy	To give instruction in religious matters; to interpret or explain Scripture or religious subjects; to preach; to exhort; to expound.
Prophet	One who prophesies, or foretells events; a predicter; a foreteller.
Prophet	One inspired or instructed by God to speak in his name, or announce future events, as, Moses, Elijah, etc.
Prophet	An interpreter; a spokesman.
Prophet	A mantis.
Prophetess	A female prophet.
Prophetic	Alt. of Prophetical
Prophetical	Containing, or pertaining to, prophecy; foretelling events; as, prophetic writings; prophetic dreams; -- used with of before the thing foretold.
Propheticality	Propheticalness.
Prophetically	In a prophetical manner; by way of prediction.
Propheticalness	The quality or state of being prophetical; power or capacity to foretell.
Prophetize	To give predictions; to foreshow events; to prophesy.
Prophoric	Enunciative.
Prophragmata	of Prophragma
Prophragma	An internal dorsal chitinous process between the first two divisions of the thorax of insects.
Prophylactic	A medicine which preserves or defends against disease; a preventive.
Prophylactic	Alt. of Prophylactical
Prophylactical	Defending or preserving from disease; preventive.
Prophylaxis	The art of preserving from, or of preventing, disease; the observance of the rules necessary for the preservation of health; preservative or preventive treatment.
Propice	Fit; propitious.
Propidene	The unsymmetrical hypothetical hydrocarbon radical, CH3.CH2.CH, analogous to ethylidene, and regarded as the type of certain derivatives of propane; -- called also propylidene.
Propination	The act of pledging, or drinking first, and then offering the cup to another.
Propine	To pledge; to offer as a toast or a health in the manner of drinking, that is, by drinking first and passing the cup.
Propine	Hence, to give in token of friendship.
Propine	To give, or deliver; to subject.
Propine	A pledge.
Propine	A gift; esp., drink money.
Propine	Same as Allylene.
Propinquity	Nearness in place; neighborhood; proximity.
Propinquity	Nearness in time.
Propinquity	Nearness of blood; kindred; affinity.
Propinyl	A hydrocarbon radical regarded as an essential residue of propine and allied compounds.
Propiolate	A salt of propiolic acid.
Propiolic	Pertaining to, or designating, an organic acid (called also propargylic acid) of the acetylene or tetrolic series, analogous to propionic acid, and obtained as a white crystalline substance.
Propionate	A salt of propionic acid.
Propione	The ketone of propionic acid, obtained as a colorless fragrant liquid.
Propionic	Pertaining to, derived from, or designating, an organic acid which is produced in the distillation of wood, in the fermentation of various organic substances, as glycerin, calcium lactate, etc., and is obtained as a colorless liquid having a sharp, pungent odor. Propionic acid is so called because it is the first or lowest member of the fatty acid series whose salts have a fatty feel.
Propionyl	The hypothetical radical C3H5O, regarded as the essential residue of propionic acid and certain related compounds.
Propithecus	A genus including the long-tailed, or diadem, indris. See Indris.
Propitiable	Capable of being propitiated.
Propitiated	of Propitiate
Propitiating	of Propitiate
Propitiate	To appease to render favorable; to make propitious; to conciliate.
Propitiate	To make propitiation; to atone.
Propitiation	The act of appeasing the wrath and conciliating the favor of an offended person; the act of making propitious.
Propitiation	That which propitiates; atonement or atoning sacrifice; specifically, the influence or effects of the death of Christ in appeasing the divine justice, and conciliating the divine favor.
Propitiator	One who propitiates or appeases.
Propitiatorily	By way of propitiation.
Propitiatory	Having the power to make propitious; pertaining to, or employed in, propitiation; expiatory; as, a propitiatory sacrifice.
Propitiatory	The mercy seat; -- so called because a symbol of the propitiated Jehovah.
Propitious	Convenient; auspicious; favorable; kind; as, a propitious season; a propitious breeze.
Propitious	Hence, kind; gracious; merciful; helpful; -- said of a person or a divinity.
Proplasm	A mold; a matrix.
Proplastic	Forming a mold.
Proplastics	The art of making molds for castings.
Propleg	Same as Proleg.
Propodial	Of or pertaining to the propodialia, or the parts of the limbs to which they belong.
Propodialia	of Propodiale
Propodiale	The bone of either the upper arm or the thing, the propodialia being the humerus and femur.
Propodite	The sixth joint of a typical leg of a crustacean; usually, the penultimate joint.
Propodia	of Propodium
Propodium	The anterior portion of the foot of a mollusk.
Propodium	The segment which forms the posterior part of the thorax of a hymenopterous insect.
Propolis	Same as Bee glue, under Bee.
Propone	To propose; to bring forward.
Proponent	Making proposals; proposing.
Proponent	One who makes a proposal, or lays down a proposition.
Proponent	The propounder of a thing.
Proportion	The relation or adaptation of one portion to another, or to the whole, as respect magnitude, quantity, or degree; comparative relation; ratio; as, the proportion of the parts of a building, or of the body.
Proportion	Harmonic relation between parts, or between different things of the same kind; symmetrical arrangement or adjustment; symmetry; as, to be out of proportion.
Proportion	The portion one receives when a whole is distributed by a rule or principle; equal or proper share; lot.
Proportion	A part considered comparatively; a share.
Proportion	The equality or similarity of ratios, especially of geometrical ratios; or a relation among quantities such that the quotient of the first divided by the second is equal to that of the third divided by the fourth; -- called also geometrical proportion, in distinction from arithmetical proportion, or that in which the difference of the first and second is equal to the difference of the third and fourth.
Proportion	The rule of three, in arithmetic, in which the three given terms, together with the one sought, are proportional.
Proportioned	of Proportion
Proportioning	of Proportion
Proportion	To adjust in a suitable proportion, as one thing or one part to another; as, to proportion the size of a building to its height; to proportion our expenditures to our income.
Proportion	To form with symmetry or suitableness, as the parts of the body.
Proportion	To divide into equal or just shares; to apportion.
Proportionable	Capable of being proportioned, or made proportional; also, proportional; proportionate.
Proportionably	Proportionally.
Proportional	Having a due proportion, or comparative relation; being in suitable proportion or degree; as, the parts of an edifice are proportional.
Proportional	Relating to, or securing, proportion.
Proportional	Constituting a proportion; having the same, or a constant, ratio; as, proportional quantities; momentum is proportional to quantity of matter.
Proportional	Any number or quantity in a proportion; as, a mean proportional.
Proportional	The combining weight or equivalent of an element.
Proportionality	The state of being in proportion.
Proportionally	In proportion; in due degree; adapted relatively; as, all parts of the building are proportionally large.
Proportionate	Adjusted to something else according to a proportion; proportional.
Proportionated	of Proportionate
Proportionating	of Proportionate
Proportionate	To make proportional; to adjust according to a settled rate, or to due comparative relation; to proportion; as, to proportionate punishment to crimes.
Proportionately	In a proportionate manner; with due proportion; proportionally.
Proportionateness	The quality or state of being proportionate.
Proportionless	Without proportion; unsymmetrical.
Proportionment	The act or process of dividing out proportionally.
Proposal	That which is proposed, or propounded for consideration or acceptance; a scheme or design; terms or conditions proposed; offer; as, to make proposals for a treaty of peace; to offer proposals for erecting a building; to make proposals of marriage.
Proposal	The offer by a party of what he has in view as to an intended business transaction, which, with acceptance, constitutes a contract.
Proposed	of Propose
Proposing	of Propose
Propose	To set forth.
Propose	To offer for consideration, discussion, acceptance, or adoption; as, to propose terms of peace; to propose a question for discussion; to propose an alliance; to propose a person for office.
Propose	To set before one's self or others as a purpose formed; hence, to purpose; to intend.
Propose	To speak; to converse.
Propose	To form or declare a purpose or intention; to lay a scheme; to design; as, man proposes, but God disposes.
Propose	To offer one's self in marriage.
Propose	Talk; discourse.
Proposer	One who proposes or offers anything for consideration or adoption.
Proposer	A speaker; an orator.
Proposition	The act of setting or placing before; the act of offering.
Proposition	That which is proposed; that which is offered, as for consideration, acceptance, or adoption; a proposal; as, the enemy made propositions of peace; his proposition was not accepted.
Proposition	A statement of religious doctrine; an article of faith; creed; as, the propositions of Wyclif and Huss.
Proposition	A complete sentence, or part of a sentence consisting of a subject and predicate united by a copula; a thought expressed or propounded in language; a from of speech in which a predicate is affirmed or denied of a subject; as, snow is white.
Proposition	A statement in terms of a truth to be demonstrated, or of an operation to be performed.
Proposition	That which is offered or affirmed as the subject of the discourse; anything stated or affirmed for discussion or illustration.
Proposition	The part of a poem in which the author states the subject or matter of it.
Propositional	Pertaining to, or in the nature of, a proposition; considered as a proposition; as, a propositional sense.
Propounded	of Propound
Propounding	of Propound
Propound	To offer for consideration; to exhibit; to propose; as, to propound a question; to propound an argument.
Propound	To propose or name as a candidate for admission to communion with a church.
Propounder	One who propounds, proposes, or offers for consideration.
Propretor	A magistrate who, having been pretor at home, was appointed to the government of a province.
Proprietaries	of Proprietary
Proprietary	A proprietor or owner; one who has exclusive title to a thing; one who possesses, or holds the title to, a thing in his own right.
Proprietary	A body proprietors, taken collectively.
Proprietary	A monk who had reserved goods and effects to himself, notwithstanding his renunciation of all at the time of profession.
Proprietary	Belonging, or pertaining, to a proprietor; considered as property; owned; as, proprietary medicine.
Proprietor	One who has the legal right or exclusive title to anything, whether in possession or not; an owner; as, the proprietor of farm or of a mill.
Proprietorial	Of or pertaining to ownership; proprietary; as, proprietorial rights.
Proprietorship	The state of being proprietor; ownership.
Proprietress	A female proprietor.
Proprieties	of Propriety
Propriety	Individual right to hold property; ownership by personal title; property.
Propriety	That which is proper or peculiar; an inherent property or quality; peculiarity.
Propriety	The quality or state of being proper; suitableness to an acknowledged or correct standard or rule; consonance with established principles, rules, or customs; fitness; appropriateness; as, propriety of behavior, language, manners, etc.
Proproctor	A assistant proctor.
Props	A game of chance, in which four sea shells, each called a prop, are used instead of dice.
Propterygia	of Propterygium
Propterygium	The anterior of three principal cartilages in the fins of some fishes.
Propugn	To contend for; to defend; to vindicate.
Propugnacle	A fortress.
Propugnation	Means of defense; defense.
Propugner	A defender; a vindicator.
Propulsation	The act of driving away or repelling; a keeping at a distance.
Propulse	To repel; to drive off or away.
Propulsion	The act driving forward or away; the act or process of propelling; as, steam propulsion.
Propulsion	An impelling act or movement.
Propulsive	Tending, or having power, to propel; driving on; urging.
Propulsory	Propulsive.
Propyl	The hypothetical radical C3H7, regarded as the essential residue of propane and related compounds.
Propylaea	of Propylaeum
Propylaeum	Any court or vestibule before a building or leading into any inclosure.
Propylene	A colorless gaseous hydrocarbon (C3H6) of the ethylene series, having a garlic odor. It occurs in coal gas, and is produced artificially in various ways. Called also propene.
Propylic	Pertaining to, derived from, or containing, propyl; as, propylic alcohol.
Propylidene	See Propidene.
Propyla	of Propylon
Propylon	The porch, vestibule, or entrance of an edifice.
Pro rata	In proportion; proportionately; according to the share, interest, or liability of each.
Proratable	Capable of being prorated, or divided proportionately.
Prorated	of Prorate
Prorating	of Prorate
Prorate	To divide or distribute proportionally; to assess pro rata.
Prore	The prow or fore part of a ship.
Prorector	An officer who presides over the academic senate of a German university.
Prorectorate	The office of prorector.
Prorenal	Pronephric.
Proreption	A creeping on.
Prorhinal	Situated in front of the nasal chambers.
Prorogate	To prorogue.
Prorogation	The act of counting in duration; prolongation.
Prorogation	The act of proroguing; the ending of the session of Parliament, and postponing of its business, by the command of the sovereign.
Prorogued	of Prorogue
Proroguing	of Prorogue
Prorogue	To protract; to prolong; to extend.
Prorogue	To defer; to delay; to postpone; as, to proroguedeath; to prorogue a marriage.
Prorogue	To end the session of a parliament by an order of the sovereign, thus deferring its business.
Proruption	The act or state of bursting forth; a bursting out.
Prosaic	Alt. of Prosaical
Prosaical	Of or pertaining to prose; resembling prose; in the form of prose; unpoetical; writing or using prose; as, a prosaic composition.
Prosaical	Dull; uninteresting; commonplace; unimaginative; prosy; as, a prosaic person.
Prosaicism	The quality or state of being prosaic; a prosaic manner or style.
Prosaism	That which is in the form of prose writing; a prosaic manner.
Prosaist	A writer of prose; an unpoetical writer.
Prosal	Of or pertaining to prose; prosaic.
Proscenia	of Proscenium
Proscenium	The part where the actors performed; the stage.
Proscenium	The part of the stage in front of the curtain; sometimes, the curtain and its framework.
Proscolices	of Proscolex
Proscolex	An early larval form of a trematode worm; a redia. See Redia.
Proscribed	of Proscribe
Proscribing	of Proscribe
Proscribe	To doom to destruction; to put out of the protection of law; to outlaw; to exile; as, Sylla and Marius proscribed each other's adherents.
Proscribe	To denounce and condemn; to interdict; to prohibit; as, the Puritans proscribed theaters.
Proscriber	One who, or that which, proscribes, denounces, or prohibits.
Proscript	A proscription; a prohibition; an interdict.
Proscript	One who is proscribed.
Proscription	The act of proscribing; a dooming to death or exile; outlawry; specifically, among the ancient Romans, the public offer of a reward for the head of a political enemy; as, under the triumvirate, many of the best Roman citizens fell by proscription.
Proscription	The state of being proscribed; denunciation; interdiction; prohibition.
Proscriptional	Proscriptive.
Proscriptionist	One who proscribes.
Proscriptive	Of or pertaining to proscription; consisting in, or of the nature of, proscription; proscribing.
Prose	The ordinary language of men in speaking or writing; language not cast in poetical measure or rhythm; -- contradistinguished from verse, or metrical composition.
Prose	Hence, language which evinces little imagination or animation; dull and commonplace discourse.
Prose	A hymn with no regular meter, sometimes introduced into the Mass. See Sequence.
Prose	Pertaining to, or composed of, prose; not in verse; as, prose composition.
Prose	Possessing or exhibiting unpoetical characteristics; plain; dull; prosaic; as, the prose duties of life.
Prosed	of Prose
Prosing	of Prose
Prose	To write in prose.
Prose	To write or repeat in a dull, tedious, or prosy way.
Prose	To write prose.
Prosector	One who makes dissections for anatomical illustration; usually, the assistant of a professional anatomist.
Prosecutable	Capable of being prosecuted; liable to prosecution.
Prosecuted	of Prosecute
Prosecuting	of Prosecute
Prosecute	To follow or pursue with a view to reach, execute, or accomplish; to endeavor to obtain or complete; to carry on; to continue; as, to prosecute a scheme, hope, or claim.
Prosecute	To seek to obtain by legal process; as, to prosecute a right or a claim in a court of law.
Prosecute	To pursue with the intention of punishing; to accuse of some crime or breach of law, or to pursue for redress or punishment, before a legal tribunal; to proceed against judicially; as, to prosecute a man for trespass, or for a riot.
Prosecute	To follow after.
Prosecute	To institute and carry on a legal prosecution; as, to prosecute for public offenses.
Prosecution	The act or process of prosecuting, or of endeavoring to gain or accomplish something; pursuit by efforts of body or mind; as, the prosecution of a scheme, plan, design, or undertaking; the prosecution of war.
Prosecution	The institution and carrying on of a suit in a court of law or equity, to obtain some right, or to redress and punish some wrong; the carrying on of a judicial proceeding in behalf of a complaining party, as distinguished from defense.
Prosecution	The institution, or commencement, and continuance of a criminal suit; the process of exhibiting formal charges against an offender before a legal tribunal, and pursuing them to final judgment on behalf of the state or government, as by indictment or information.
Prosecution	The party by whom criminal proceedings are instituted.
Prosecutor	One who prosecutes or carries on any purpose, plan, or business.
Prosecutor	The person who institutes and carries on a criminal suit against another in the name of the government.
Prosecutrix	A female prosecutor.
Proselyte	A new convert especially a convert to some religion or religious sect, or to some particular opinion, system, or party; thus, a Gentile converted to Judaism, or a pagan converted to Christianity, is a proselyte.
Proselyted	of Proselyte
Proselyting	of Proselyte
Proselyte	To convert to some religion, opinion, or system; to bring over.
Proselytism	The act or practice of proselyting; the making of converts to a religion or a religious sect, or to any opinion, system, or party.
Proselytism	Conversion to a religion, system, or party.
proselytized	of Proselytize
Proselytizing	of Proselytize
Proselytize	To convert to some religion, system, opinion, or the like; to bring, or cause to come, over; to proselyte.
Proselytize	To make converts or proselytes.
Proselytizer	One who proselytes.
Proseman	A writer of prose.
Proseminary	A seminary which prepares pupils for a higher institution.
Prosemination	Propagation by seed.
Prosencephalic	Of or pertaining to the prosencephalon.
Prosencephalon	The anterior segment of the brain, including the cerebrum and olfactory lobes; the forebrain.
Prosencephalon	The cerebrum.
Prosenchyma	A general term applied to the tissues formed of elongated cells, especially those with pointed or oblique extremities, as the principal cells of ordinary wood.
Proser	A writer of prose.
Proser	One who talks or writes tediously.
Prosiliency	The act of leaping forth or forward; projection.
Prosily	In a prosy manner.
Prosimetrical	Consisting both of prose and verse.
Prosimiae	Same as Lemuroidea.
Prosiness	The quality or state of being prosy; tediousness; tiresomeness.
Prosing	Writing prose; speaking or writing in a tedious or prosy manner.
Prosingly	Prosily.
Prosiphon	A minute tube found in the protoconch of ammonites, and not connected with the true siphon.
Proslavery	Favoring slavery.
Proslavery	Advocacy of slavery.
Prosobranch	One of the Prosobranchiata.
Prosobranchiata	The highest division, or subclass, of gastropod mollusks, including those that have the gills situated anteriorly, or forward of the heart, and the sexes separate.
Prosocoele	The entire cavity of the prosencephalon.
Prosocoelle	of Prosocoelia
Prosocoelia	Same as Prosocoele.
Prosodiacal	Prosodical.
Prosodiacally	Prosodically.
Prosodial	Prosodical.
Prosodian	A prosodist.
Prosodical	Of or pertaining to prosody; according to the rules of prosody.
Prosdist	One skilled in prosody.
Prosody	That part of grammar which treats of the quantity of syllables, of accent, and of the laws of versification or metrical composition.
Prosomata	of Prosoma
Prosoma	The anterior of the body of an animal, as of a cephalopod; the thorax of an arthropod.
Prosopalgia	Facial neuralgia.
Prosopocephala	Same as Scaphopoda.
Prosopolepsy	Respect of persons; especially, a premature opinion or prejudice against a person, formed from his external appearance.
Prosopop/ia	A figure by which things are represented as persons, or by which things inanimate are spoken of as animated beings; also, a figure by which an absent person is introduced as speaking, or a deceased person is represented as alive and present. It includes personification, but is more extensive in its signification.
Prosopulmonata	A division of pulmonate mollusks having the breathing organ situated on the neck, as in the common snail.
Prospect	That which is embraced by eye in vision; the region which the eye overlooks at one time; view; scene; outlook.
Prospect	Especially, a picturesque or widely extended view; a landscape; hence, a sketch of a landscape.
Prospect	A position affording a fine view; a lookout.
Prospect	Relative position of the front of a building or other structure; face; relative aspect.
Prospect	The act of looking forward; foresight; anticipation; as, a prospect of the future state.
Prospect	That which is hoped for; ground for hope or expectation; expectation; probable result; as, the prospect of success.
Prospected	of Prospect
Prospecting	of Prospect
Prospect	To look over; to explore or examine for something; as, to prospect a district for gold.
Prospect	To make a search; to seek; to explore, as for mines or the like; as, to prospect for gold.
Prospection	The act of looking forward, or of providing for future wants; foresight.
Prospective	Of or pertaining to a prospect; furnishing a prospect; perspective.
Prospective	Looking forward in time; acting with foresight; -- opposed to retrospective.
Prospective	Being within view or consideration, as a future event or contingency; relating to the future: expected; as, a prospective benefit.
Prospective	The scene before or around, in time or in space; view; prospect.
Prospective	A perspective glass.
Prospectively	In a prospective manner.
Prospectiveness	Quality of being prospective.
Prospectless	Having no prospect.
Prospector	One who prospects; especially, one who explores a region for minerals and precious metals.
Prospectus	A summary, plan, or scheme of something proposed, affording a prospect of its nature; especially, an exposition of the scheme of an unpublished literary work.
Prospered	of Prosper
Prospering	of Prosper
Prosper	To favor; to render successful.
Prosper	To be successful; to succeed; to be fortunate or prosperous; to thrive; to make gain.
Prosper	To grow; to increase.
Prosperity	The state of being prosperous; advance or gain in anything good or desirable; successful progress in any business or enterprise; attainment of the object desired; good fortune; success; as, commercial prosperity; national prosperity.
Prosperous	Tending to prosperity; favoring; favorable; helpful.
Prosperous	Being prospered; advancing in the pursuit of anything desirable; making gain, or increase; thriving; successful; as, a prosperous voyage; a prosperous undertaking; a prosperous man or nation.
Prosphysis	A growing together of parts; specifically, a morbid adhesion of the eyelids to each other or to the eyeball.
Prospicience	The act of looking forward.
Prostate	Standing before; -- applied to a gland which is found in the males of most mammals, and is situated at the neck of the bladder where this joins the urethra.
Prostate	The prostate gland.
Prostatic	Of or pertaining to the prostate gland.
Prostatitis	Inflammation of the prostate.
Prosternation	Dejection; depression.
Prosternum	The ventral plate of the prothorax of an insect.
Prosthesis	The addition to the human body of some artificial part, to replace one that is wanting, as a log or an eye; -- called also prothesis.
Prosthesis	The prefixing of one or more letters to the beginning of a word, as in beloved.
Prosthetic	Of or pertaining to prosthesis; prefixed, as a letter or letters to a word.
Prostibulous	Of or pertaining to prostitutes or prostitution; meretricious.
Prostituted	of Prostitute
Prostituting	of Prostitute
Prostitute	To offer, as a woman, to a lewd use; to give up to lewdness for hire.
Prostitute	To devote to base or unworthy purposes; to give up to low or indiscriminate use; as, to prostitute talents; to prostitute official powers.
Prostitute	Openly given up to lewdness; devoted to base or infamous purposes.
Prostitute	A woman giver to indiscriminate lewdness; a strumpet; a harlot.
Prostitute	A base hireling; a mercenary; one who offers himself to infamous employments for hire.
Prostitution	The act or practice of prostituting or offering the body to an indiscriminate intercourse with men; common lewdness of a woman.
Prostitution	The act of setting one's self to sale, or of devoting to infamous purposes what is in one's power; as, the prostitution of abilities; the prostitution of the press.
Prostitutor	One who prostitutes; one who submits himself, of or offers another, to vile purposes.
Prostomia	of Prostomium
Prostomium	That portion of the head of an annelid situated in front of the mouth.
Prostrate	Lying at length, or with the body extended on the ground or other surface; stretched out; as, to sleep prostrate.
Prostrate	Lying at mercy, as a supplicant.
Prostrate	Lying in a humble, lowly, or suppliant posture.
Prostrate	Trailing on the ground; procumbent.
Prostrated	of Prostrate
Prostrating	of Prostrate
Prostrate	To lay fiat; to throw down; to level; to fell; as, to prostrate the body; to prostrate trees or plants.
Prostrate	to overthrow; to demolish; to destroy; to deprive of efficiency; to ruin; as, to prostrate a village; to prostrate a government; to prostrate law or justice.
Prostrate	To throw down, or cause to fall in humility or adoration; to cause to bow in humble reverence; used reflexively; as, he prostrated himself.
Prostrate	To cause to sink totally; to deprive of strength; to reduce; as, a person prostrated by fever.
Prostration	The act of prostrating, throwing down, or laying fiat; as, the prostration of the body.
Prostration	The act of falling down, or of bowing in humility or adoration; primarily, the act of falling on the face, but usually applied to kneeling or bowing in reverence and worship.
Prostration	The condition of being prostrate; great depression; lowness; dejection; as, a postration of spirits.
Prostration	A latent, not an exhausted, state of the vital energies; great oppression of natural strength and vigor.
Prostyle	Having columns in front.
Prostyle	A prostyle portico or building.
Prosy	Of or pertaining to prose; like prose.
Prosy	Dull and tedious in discourse or writing; prosaic.
Prosylogism	A syllogism preliminary or logically essential to another syllogism; the conclusion of such a syllogism, which becomes a premise of the following syllogism.
Protactic	Giving a previous narrative or explanation, as of the plot or personages of a play; introductory.
Protagon	A nitrogenous phosphorized principle found in brain tissue. By decomposition it yields neurine, fatty acids, and other bodies.
Protagonist	One who takes the leading part in a drama; hence, one who takes lead in some great scene, enterprise, conflict, or the like.
Protamin	An amorphous nitrogenous substance found in the spermatic fluid of salmon. It is soluble in water, which an alkaline reaction, and unites with acids and metallic bases.
Protandric	Having male sexual organs while young, and female organs later in life.
Protandrous	Proterandrous.
Protasis	A proposition; a maxim.
Protasis	The introductory or subordinate member of a sentence, generally of a conditional sentence; -- opposed to apodosis. See Apodosis.
Protasis	The first part of a drama, of a poem, or the like; the introduction; opposed to epitasis.
Protatic	Of or pertaining to the protasis of an ancient play; introductory.
Proteaceous	Of or pertaining to the Proteaceae, an order of apetalous evergreen shrubs, mostly natives of the Cape of Good Hope or of Australia.
Protean	Of or pertaining to Proteus; characteristic of Proteus.
Protean	Exceedingly variable; readily assuming different shapes or forms; as, an amoeba is a protean animalcule.
Proteanly	In a protean manner.
Protected	of Protect
Protecting	of Protect
Protect	To cover or shield from danger or injury; to defend; to guard; to preserve in safety; as, a father protects his children.
Protectingly	By way of protection; in a protective manner.
Protection	The act of protecting, or the state of being protected; preservation from loss, injury, or annoyance; defense; shelter; as, the weak need protection.
Protection	That which protects or preserves from injury; a defense; a shield; a refuge.
Protection	A writing that protects or secures from molestation or arrest; a pass; a safe-conduct; a passport.
Protection	A theory, or a policy, of protecting the producers in a country from foreign competition in the home market by the imposition of such discriminating duties on goods of foreign production as will restrict or prevent their importation; -- opposed to free trade.
Protectionism	The doctrine or policy of protectionists. See Protection, 4.
Protectionist	One who favors protection. See Protection, 4.
Protective	Affording protection; sheltering; defensive.
Protectiveness	The quality or state of being protective.
Protector	One who, or that which, defends or shields from injury, evil, oppression, etc.; a defender; a guardian; a patron.
Protector	One having the care of the kingdom during the king's minority; a regent.
Protector	A cardinal, from one of the more considerable Roman Catholic nations, who looks after the interests of his people at Rome; also, a cardinal who has the same relation to a college, religious order, etc.
Protectoral	Of or pertaining to a protector; protectorial; as, protectoral power.
Protectorate	Government by a protector; -- applied especially to the government of England by Oliver Cromwell.
Protectorate	The authority assumed by a superior power over an inferior or a dependent one, whereby the former protects the latter from invasion and shares in the management of its affairs.
Protectorial	Same as Protectoral.
Protectorless	Having no protector; unprotected.
Protectorship	The office of a protector or regent; protectorate.
Protectress	Alt. of Protectrix
Protectrix	A woman who protects.
Protege	Alt. of Protegee
Protegee	One under the care and protection of another.
Proteid	One of a class of amorphous nitrogenous principles, containing, as a rule, a small amount of sulphur; an albuminoid, as blood fibrin, casein of milk, etc.  Proteids are present in nearly all animal fluids and make up the greater part of animal tissues and organs. They are also important constituents of vegetable tissues.  See 2d Note under Food.
Proteidea	An order of aquatic amphibians having prominent external gills and four legs. It includes Proteus and Menobranchus (Necturus). Called also Proteoidea, and Proteida.
Proteiform	Changeable in form; resembling a Proteus, or an amoeba.
Protein	A body now known as alkali albumin, but originally considered to be the basis of all albuminous substances, whence its name.
Proteinaceous	Of or related to protein; albuminous; proteid.
Proteinous	Proteinaceuos.
Proteles	A South Africa genus of Carnivora, allied to the hyenas, but smaller and having weaker jaws and teeth. It includes the aard-wolf.
Protended	of Protend
Protending	of Protend
Protend	To hold out; to stretch forth.
Protense	Extension.
Protension	A drawing out; extension.
Protensive	Drawn out; extended.
Proteolysis	The digestion or dissolving of proteid matter by proteolytic ferments.
Proteolytic	Converting proteid or albuminous matter into soluble and diffusible products, as peptones.
Proterandrous	Having the stamens come to maturity before the pistil; -- opposed to proterogynous.
Proterandry	The condition of being proterandrous.
Proteranthous	Having flowers appearing before the leaves; -- said of certain plants.
Proteroglypha	A suborder of serpents including those that have permanently erect grooved poison fangs, with ordinary teeth behind them in the jaws. It includes the cobras, the asps, and the sea snakes. Called also Proteroglyphia.
Proterogynous	Having the pistil come to maturity before the stamens; protogynous; -- opposed to proterandrous.
Proterosaurus	An extinct genus of reptiles of the Permian period. Called also Protosaurus.
Protervity	Peevishness; petulance.
Protested	of Protest
Protesting	of Protest
Protest	To affirm in a public or formal manner; to bear witness; to declare solemnly; to avow.
Protest	To make a solemn declaration (often a written one) expressive of opposition; -- with against; as, he protest against your votes.
Protest	To make a solemn declaration or affirmation of; to proclaim; to display; as, to protest one's loyalty.
Protest	To call as a witness in affirming or denying, or to prove an affirmation; to appeal to.
Protest	A solemn declaration of opinion, commonly a formal objection against some act; especially, a formal and solemn declaration, in writing, of dissent from the proceedings of a legislative body; as, the protest of lords in Parliament.
Protest	A solemn declaration in writing, in due form, made by a notary public, usually under his notarial seal, on behalf of the holder of a bill or note, protesting against all parties liable for any loss or damage by the nonacceptance or nonpayment of the bill, or by the nonpayment of the note, as the case may be.
Protest	A declaration made by the master of a vessel before a notary, consul, or other authorized officer, upon his arrival in port after a disaster, stating the particulars of it, and showing that any damage or loss sustained was not owing to the fault of the vessel, her officers or crew, but to the perils of the sea, etc., ads the case may be, and protesting against them.
Protest	A declaration made by a party, before or while paying a tax, duty, or the like, demanded of him, which he deems illegal, denying the justice of the demand, and asserting his rights and claims, in order to show that the payment was not voluntary.
Protestancy	Protestantism.
Protestant	One who protests; -- originally applied to those who adhered to Luther, and protested against, or made a solemn declaration of dissent from, a decree of the Emperor Charles V. and the Diet of Spires, in 1529, against the Reformers, and appealed to a general council; -- now used in a popular sense to designate any Christian who does not belong to the Roman Catholic or the Greek Church.
Protestant	Making a protest; protesting.
Protestant	Of or pertaining to the faith and practice of those Christians who reject the authority of the Roman Catholic Church; as, Protestant writers.
Protestantical	Protestant.
Protestantism	The quality or state of being protestant, especially against the Roman Catholic Church; the principles or religion of the Protestants.
Protestantly	Like a Protestant; in conformity with Protestantism.
Protestation	The act of making a protest; a public avowal; a solemn declaration, especially of dissent.
Protestation	Formerly, a declaration in common-law pleading, by which the party interposes an oblique allegation or denial of some fact, protesting that it does or does not exist, and at the same time avoiding a direct affirmation or denial.
Protestator	One who makes protestation; a protester.
Protester	One who protests; one who utters a solemn declaration.
Protester	One who protests a bill of exchange, or note.
Protestingly	By way of protesting.
Proteus	A sea god in the service of Neptune who assumed different shapes at will. Hence, one who easily changes his appearance or principles.
Proteus	A genus of aquatic eel-shaped amphibians found in caves in Austria. They have permanent external gills as well as lungs. The eyes are small and the legs are weak.
Proteus	A changeable protozoan; an amoeba.
Prothalamion	Alt. of Prothalamium
Prothalamium	A song in celebration of a marriage.
Prothallia	of Prothallium
Prothallium	Same as Prothallus.
Prothalli	of Prothallus
Prothallus	The minute primary growth from the spore of ferns and other Pteridophyta, which bears the true sexual organs; the oophoric generation of ferns, etc.
Prothesis	A credence table; -- so called by the Eastern or Greek Church.
Prothesis	See Prosthesis.
Prothetic	Of or pertaining to prothesis; as, a prothetic apparatus.
-ries	of Protonotary
Prothonotary	Alt. of Protonotary
Protonotary	A chief notary or clerk.
Protonotary	Formerly, a chief clerk in the Court of King's Bench and in the Court of Common Pleas, now superseded by the master.
Protonotary	A register or chief clerk of a court in certain States of the United States.
Protonotary	Formerly, one who had the charge of writing the acts of the martyrs, and the circumstances of their death; now, one of twelve persons, constituting a college in the Roman Curia, whose office is to register pontifical acts and to make and preserve the official record of beatifications.
Protonotary	The chief secretary of the patriarch of Constantinople.
Prothonotaryship	Office of a prothonotary.
Prothoracic	Of or pertaining to the prothorax.
Prothorax	The first or anterior segment of the thorax in insects. See Illusts. of Butterfly and Coleoptera.
Prothyalosomata	of Pro thyalosoma
Pro thyalosoma	The investing portion, or spherical envelope, surrounding the eccentric germinal spot of the germinal vesicle.
Prothyalosome	Same as Prothyalosoma.
Protist	One of the Protista.
Protista	A provisional group in which are placed a number of low microscopic organisms of doubtful nature. Some are probably plants, others animals.
Protista	of Protiston
Protiston	One of the Protista.
Proto-	A combining form prefix signifying first, primary, primordial; as, protomartyr, the first martyr; protomorphic, primitive in form; protoplast, a primordial organism; prototype, protozoan.
Proto-	Denoting the first or lowest of a series, or the one having the smallest amount of the element to the name of which it is prefixed; as protoxide, protochloride, etc.
Proto-	Sometimes used as equivalent to mono-, as indicating that the compound has but one atom of the element to the name of which it is prefixed. Also used adjectively.
Protocanonical	Of or pertaining to the first canon, or that which contains the authorized collection of the books of Scripture; -- opposed to deutero-canonical.
Protocatechuic	Pertaining to, derived from, or designating, an organic acid which is obtained as a white crystalline substance from catechin, asafetida, oil of cloves, etc., and by distillation itself yields pyrocatechin.
Protocercal	Having a caudal fin extending around the end of the vertebral column, like that which is first formed in the embryo of fishes; diphycercal.
Protococcus	A genus of minute unicellular algae including the red snow plant (Protococcus nivalis).
Protocol	The original copy of any writing, as of a deed, treaty, dispatch, or other instrument.
Protocol	The minutes, or rough draught, of an instrument or transaction.
Protocol	A preliminary document upon the basis of which negotiations are carried on.
Protocol	A convention not formally ratified.
Protocol	An agreement of diplomatists indicating the results reached by them at a particular stage of a negotiation.
Protocol	To make a protocol of.
Protocol	To make or write protocols, or first draughts; to issue protocols.
Protocolist	One who draughts protocols.
Protoconch	The embryonic shell, or first chamber, of ammonites and other cephalopods.
Proto-Doric	Pertaining to, or designating, architecture, in which the beginnings of the Doric style are supposed to be found.
Protogine	A kind of granite or gneiss containing a silvery talcose mineral.
Protogynous	Same as Proterogynous.
Protohippus	A genus of fossil horses from the Lower Pliocene. They had three toes on each foot, the lateral ones being small.
Protomartyr	The first martyr; the first who suffers, or is sacrificed, in any cause; -- applied esp. to Stephen, the first Christian martyr.
Protomerite	The second segment of one of the Gregarinae.
Protomorphic	Having the most primitive character; in the earliest form; as, a protomorphic layer of tissue.
Protonemata	of Protonema
Protonema	The primary growth from the spore of a moss, usually consisting of branching confervoid filaments, on any part of which stem and leaf buds may be developed.
Protonotary	Same as Prothonotary.
Protoorganism	An organism whose nature is so difficult to determine that it might be referred to either the animal or the vegetable kingdom.
Protopapas	A protopope.
Protophyte	Any unicellular plant, or plant forming only a plasmodium, having reproduction only by fission, gemmation, or cell division.
Protophytology	Paleobotany.
Protopine	An alkaloid found in opium in small quantities, and extracted as a white crystalline substance.
Protoplasm	The viscid and more or less granular material of vegetable and animal cells, possessed of vital properties by which the processes of nutrition, secretion, and growth go forward; the so-called " physical basis of life;" the original cell substance, cytoplasm, cytoblastema, bioplasm sarcode, etc.
Protoplasmatic	Protoplasmic.
Protoplasmic	Of or pertaining to the first formation of living bodies.
Protoplasmic	Of or pertaining to protoplasm; consisting of, or resembling, protoplasm.
Protoplast	The thing first formed; that of which there are subsequent copies or reproductions; the original.
Protoplast	A first-formed organized body; the first individual, or pair of individuals, of a species.
Protoplasta	A division of fresh-water rhizopods including those that have a soft body and delicate branched pseudopodia. The genus Gromia is one of the best-known.
Protoplastic	First-formed.
Protopodite	The basal portion, or two proximal and more or less consolidated segments, of an appendage of a crustacean.
Protopope	One of the clergy of first rank in the lower order of secular clergy; an archpriest; -- called also protopapas.
Protopterus	See Komtok.
Protosalt	A salt derived from a protoxide base.
Protosilicate	A silicate formed with the lowest proportion of silicic acid, or having but one atom of silicon in the molecule.
Protosomite	One of the primitive segments, or metameres, of an animal.
Protosulphide	That one of a series of sulphides of any element which has the lowest proportion of sulphur; a sulphide with but one atom of sulphur in the molecule.
Protosulphuret	A protosulphide.
Prototheria	Same as Monotremata.
Prototracheata	Same as Malacopoda.
Prototype	An original or model after which anything is copied; the pattern of anything to be engraved, or otherwise copied, cast, or the like; a primary form; exemplar; archetype.
Protovertebrae	of Protovertebra
Protovertebra	One of the primitive masses, or segments, into which the mesoblast of the vertebrate embryo breaks up on either side of the anterior part of the notochord; a mesoblastic, or protovertebral, somite. See Illust. of Ectoderm.
Protovertebral	Of or pertaining to the protovertebrae.
Protoxide	That one of a series of oxides having the lowest proportion of oxygen. See Proto-, 2 (b).
Protoxidize	To combine with oxygen, as any elementary substance, in such proportion as to form a protoxide.
Protozoa	The lowest of the grand divisions of the animal kingdom.
Protozoan	Of or pertaining to the Protozoa.
Protozoan	One of the Protozoa.
Protozoic	Of or pertaining to the Protozoa.
Protozoic	Containing remains of the earliest discovered life of the globe, which included mollusks, radiates and protozoans.
Protozoa	of Protozoon
Protozoon	One of the Protozoa.
Protozoon	A single zooid of a compound protozoan.
Protozoonite	One of the primary, or first-formed, segments of an embryonic arthropod.
Protracheata	Same as Malacopoda.
Protracted	of Protract
Protracting	of Protract
Protract	To draw out or lengthen in time or (rarely) in space; to continue; to prolong; as, to protract an argument; to protract a war.
Protract	To put off to a distant time; to delay; to defer; as, to protract a decision or duty.
Protract	To draw to a scale; to lay down the lines and angles of, with scale and protractor; to plot.
Protract	To extend; to protrude; as, the cat can protract its claws; -- opposed to retract.
Protract	Tedious continuance or delay.
Protracted	Prolonged; continued.
Protracter	A protractor.
Protractile	Capable of being protracted, or protruded; protrusile.
Protraction	A drawing out, or continuing; the act of delaying the termination of a thing; prolongation; continuance; delay; as, the protraction of a debate.
Protraction	The act or process of making a plot on paper.
Protraction	A plot on paper.
Protractive	Drawing out or lengthening in time; prolonging; continuing; delaying.
Protractor	One who, or that which, protracts, or causes protraction.
Protractor	A mathematical instrument for laying down and measuring angles on paper, used in drawing or in plotting. It is of various forms, semicircular, rectangular, or circular.
Protractor	An instrument formerly used in extracting foreign or offensive matter from a wound.
Protractor	A muscle which extends an organ or part; -- opposed to retractor.
Protractor	An adjustable pattern used by tailors.
Protreptical	Adapted to persuade; hortatory; persuasive.
Protrudable	That may be protruded; protrusile.
Protruded	of Protrude
Protruding	of Protrude
Protrude	To thrust forward; to drive or force along.
Protrude	To thrust out, as through a narrow orifice or from confinement; to cause to come forth.
Protrude	To shoot out or forth; to be thrust forward; to extend beyond a limit; to project.
Protrusile	Capable of being protruded or thrust out; protractile; protrusive.
Protrusion	The act of protruding or thrusting forward, or beyond the usual limit.
Protrusion	The state of being protruded, or thrust forward.
Protrusive	Thrusting or impelling forward; as, protrusive motion.
Protrusive	Capable of being protruded; protrusile.
Protrusively	In a protrusive manner.
Protuberance	That which is protuberant swelled or pushed beyond the surrounding or adjacent surface; a swelling or tumor on the body; a prominence; a bunch or knob; an elevation.
Protuberancy	The quality or state of being protuberant; protuberance; prominence.
Protuberant	Prominent, or excessively prominent; bulging beyond the surrounding or adjacent surface; swelling; as, a protuberant joint; a protuberant eye.
Protuberate	To swell, or be prominent, beyond the adjacent surface; to bulge out.
Protuberation	The act of swelling beyond the surrounding surface.
Protuberous	Protuberant.
Protureter	The duct of a pronephros.
Protyle	The hypothetical homogeneous cosmic material of the original universe, supposed to have been differentiated into what are recognized as distinct chemical elements.
Proud	Feeling or manifesting pride, in a good or bad sense
Proud	Possessing or showing too great self-esteem; overrating one's excellences; hence, arrogant; haughty; lordly; presumptuous.
Proud	Having a feeling of high self-respect or self-esteem; exulting (in); elated; -- often with of; as, proud of one's country.
Proud	Giving reason or occasion for pride or self-gratulation; worthy of admiration; grand; splendid; magnificent; admirable; ostentatious.
Proud	Excited by sexual desire; -- applied particularly to the females of some animals.
Proudish	Somewhat proud.
Proudling	A proud or haughty person.
Proudly	In a proud manner; with lofty airs or mien; haughtily; arrogantly; boastfully.
Proudness	The quality of being proud; pride.
Proustite	A sulphide of arsenic and silver of a beautiful cochineal-red color, occurring in rhombohedral crystals, and also massive; ruby silver.
Provable	Capable of being proved; demonstrable.
Provand	Alt. of Proant
Proant	Provender or food.
Provant	To supply with provender or provisions; to provide for.
Provant	Provided for common or general use, as in an army; hence, common in quality; inferior.
Proved	of Prove
Proving	of Prove
Prove	To try or to ascertain by an experiment, or by a test or standard; to test; as, to prove the strength of gunpowder or of ordnance; to prove the contents of a vessel by a standard measure.
Prove	To evince, establish, or ascertain, as truth, reality, or fact, by argument, testimony, or other evidence.
Prove	To ascertain or establish the genuineness or validity of; to verify; as, to prove a will.
Prove	To gain experience of the good or evil of; to know by trial; to experience; to suffer.
Prove	To test, evince, ascertain, or verify, as the correctness of any operation or result; thus, in subtraction, if the difference between two numbers, added to the lesser number, makes a sum equal to the greater, the correctness of the subtraction is proved.
Prove	To take a trial impression of; to take a proof of; as, to prove a page.
Prove	To make trial; to essay.
Prove	To be found by experience, trial, or result; to turn out to be; as, a medicine proves salutary; the report proves false.
Prove	To succeed; to turn out as expected.
Provect	Carried forward; advanced.
Provection	A carrying forward, as of a final letter, to a following word; as, for example, a nickname for an ekename.
Proveditor	One employed to procure supplies, as for an army, a steamer, etc.; a purveyor; one who provides for another.
Provedore	A proveditor; a purveyor.
Proven	Proved.
Proven/al	Of or pertaining to Provence or its inhabitants.
Proven/al	A native or inhabitant of Provence in France.
Proven/al	The Provencal language. See Langue d'oc.
Provence rose	The cabbage rose (Rosa centifolia).
Provence rose	A name of many kinds of roses which are hybrids of Rosa centifolia and R. Gallica.
Provencial	Of or pertaining to Provence in France.
Provend	See Provand.
Provender	Dry food for domestic animals, as hay, straw, corn, oats, or a mixture of ground grain; feed.
Provender	Food or provisions.
Provent	See Provand.
Proventricle	Proventriculus.
Proventriulus	The glandular stomach of birds, situated just above the crop.
Prover	One who, or that which, proves.
Proverb	An old and common saying; a phrase which is often repeated; especially, a sentence which briefly and forcibly expresses some practical truth, or the result of experience and observation; a maxim; a saw; an adage.
Proverb	A striking or paradoxical assertion; an obscure saying; an enigma; a parable.
Proverb	A familiar illustration; a subject of contemptuous reference.
Proverb	A drama exemplifying a proverb.
Proverb	To name in, or as, a proverb.
Proverb	To provide with a proverb.
Proverb	To write or utter proverbs.
Proverbial	Mentioned or comprised in a proverb; used as a proverb; hence, commonly known; as, a proverbial expression; his meanness was proverbial.
Proverbial	Of or pertaining to proverbs; resembling a proverb.
Proverbialism	A proverbial phrase.
Proverbialist	One who makes much use of proverbs in speech or writing; one who composes, collects, or studies proverbs.
Proverbialize	To turn into a proverb; to speak in proverbs.
Proverbially	In a proverbial manner; by way of proverb; hence, commonly; universally; as, it is proverbially said; the bee is proverbially busy.
Provexity	Great advance in age.
Provided	of Provide
Providing	of Provide
Provide	To look out for in advance; to procure beforehand; to get, collect, or make ready for future use; to prepare.
Provide	To supply; to afford; to contribute.
Provide	To furnish; to supply; -- formerly followed by of, now by with.
Provide	To establish as a previous condition; to stipulate; as, the contract provides that the work be well done.
Provide	To foresee.
Provide	To appoint to an ecclesiastical benefice before it is vacant. See Provisor.
Provide	To procure supplies or means in advance; to take measures beforehand in view of an expected or a possible future need, especially a danger or an evil; -- followed by against or for; as, to provide against the inclemency of the weather; to provide for the education of a child.
Provide	To stipulate previously; to condition; as, the agreement provides for an early completion of the work.
Provided	On condition; by stipulation; with the understanding; if; -- usually followed by that; as, provided that nothing in this act shall prejudice the rights of any person whatever.
Providence	The act of providing or preparing for future use or application; a making ready; preparation.
Providence	Foresight; care; especially, the foresight and care which God manifests for his creatures; hence, God himself, regarded as exercising a constant wise prescience.
Providence	A manifestation of the care and superintendence which God exercises over his creatures; an event ordained by divine direction.
Providence	Prudence in the management of one's concerns; economy; frugality.
Provident	Foreseeing wants and making provision to supply them; prudent in preparing for future exigencies; cautious; economical; -- sometimes followed by of; as, aprovident man; an animal provident of the future.
Providential	Effected by, or referable to, divine direction or superintendence; as, the providential contrivance of thing; a providential escape.
Providently	In a provident manner.
Providentness	The quality or state of being provident; carefulness; prudence; economy.
Provider	One who provides, furnishes, or supplies; one who procures what is wanted.
Providore	One who makes provision; a purveyor.
Province	A country or region, more or less remote from the city of Rome, brought under the Roman government; a conquered country beyond the limits of Italy.
Province	A country or region dependent on a distant authority; a portion of an empire or state, esp. one remote from the capital.
Province	A region of country; a tract; a district.
Province	A region under the supervision or direction of any special person; the district or division of a country, especially an ecclesiastical division, over which one has jurisdiction; as, the province of Canterbury, or that in which the archbishop of Canterbury exercises ecclesiastical authority.
Province	The proper or appropriate business or duty of a person or body; office; charge; jurisdiction; sphere.
Province	Specif.: Any political division of the Dominion of Canada, having a governor, a local legislature, and representation in the Dominion parliament. Hence, colloquially, The Provinces, the Dominion of Canada.
Provincial	Of or pertaining to province; constituting a province; as, a provincial government; a provincial dialect.
Provincial	Exhibiting the ways or manners of a province; characteristic of the inhabitants of a province; not cosmopolitan; countrified; not polished; rude; hence, narrow; illiberal.
Provincial	Of or pertaining to an ecclesiastical province, or to the jurisdiction of an archbishop; not ecumenical; as, a provincial synod.
Provincial	Of or pertaining to Provence; Provencal.
Provincial	A person belonging to a province; one who is provincial.
Provincial	A monastic superior, who, under the general of his order, has the direction of all the religious houses of the same fraternity in a given district, called a province of the order.
Provincialism	A word, or a manner of speaking, peculiar to a province or a district remote from the mother country or from the metropolis; a provincial characteristic; hence, narrowness; illiberality.
Provincialist	One who lives in a province; a provincial.
Provinciality	The quality or state of being provincial; peculiarity of language characteristic of a province.
Provincialized	of Provincialize
Provincializing	of Provincialize
Provincialize	To render provincial.
Provincially	In a provincial manner.
Provinciate	To convert into a province or provinces.
Provine	To lay a stock or branch of a vine in the ground for propagation.
Provision	The act of providing, or making previous preparation.
Provision	That which is provided or prepared; that which is brought together or arranged in advance; measures taken beforehand; preparation.
Provision	Especially, a stock of food; any kind of eatables collected or stored; -- often in the plural.
Provision	That which is stipulated in advance; a condition; a previous agreement; a proviso; as, the provisions of a contract; the statute has many provisions.
Provision	A canonical term for regular induction into a benefice, comprehending nomination, collation, and installation.
Provision	A nomination by the pope to a benefice before it became vacant, depriving the patron of his right of presentation.
Provisioned	of Provision
Provisioning	of Provision
Provision	To supply with food; to victual; as, to provision a garrison.
Provisional	Of the nature of a provision; serving as a provision for the time being; -- used of partial or temporary arrangements; as, a provisional government; a provisional treaty.
Provisionally	By way of provision for the time being; temporarily.
Provisionary	Provisional.
Provisos	of Proviso
Proviso	An article or clause in any statute, agreement, contract, grant, or other writing, by which a condition is introduced, usually beginning with the word provided; a conditional stipulation that affects an agreement, contract, law, grant, or the like; as, the contract was impaired by its proviso.
Provisor	One who provides; a purveyor.
Provisor	The purveyor, steward, or treasurer of a religious house.
Provisor	One who is regularly inducted into a benefice. See Provision, 5.
Provisor	One who procures or receives a papal provision. See Provision, 6.
Provisorily	In a provisory manner; conditionally; subject to a proviso; as, to admit a doctrine provisorily.
Provisorship	The office or position of a provisor.
Provisory	Of the nature of a proviso; containing a proviso or condition; conditional; as, a provisory clause.
Provisory	Making temporary provision; provisional.
Provocation	The act of provoking, or causing vexation or, anger.
Provocation	That which provokes, or excites anger; the cause of resentment; as, to give provocation.
Provocation	Incitement; stimulus; as, provocation to mirth.
Provocation	Such prior insult or injury as may be supposed, under the circumstances, to create hot blood, and to excuse an assault made in retort or redress.
Provocation	An appeal to a court. [A Latinism]
Provocative	Serving or tending to provoke, excite, or stimulate; exciting.
Provocative	Anything that is provocative; a stimulant; as, a provocative of appetite.
Provocativeness	Quality of being provocative.
Provocatory	Provocative.
Provokable	That may be provoked.
Provoked	of Provoke
Provoking	of Provoke
Provoke	To call forth; to call into being or action; esp., to incense to action, a faculty or passion, as love, hate, or ambition; hence, commonly, to incite, as a person, to action by a challenge, by taunts, or by defiance; to exasperate; to irritate; to offend intolerably; to cause to retaliate.
Provoke	To cause provocation or anger.
Provoke	To appeal. [A Latinism]
Provokement	The act that which, provokes; one who excites anger or other passion, or incites to action; as, a provoker of sedition.
Provoking	Having the power or quality of exciting resentment; tending to awaken passion or vexation; as, provoking words or treatment.
Provost	A person who is appointed to superintend, or preside over, something; the chief magistrate in some cities and towns; as, the provost of Edinburgh or of Glasgow, answering to the mayor of other cities; the provost of a college, answering to president; the provost or head of certain collegiate churches.
Provost	The keeper of a prison.
Provostship	The office of a provost.
Prow	The fore part of a vessel; the bow; the stem; hence, the vessel itself.
Prow	See Proa.
Prow	Valiant; brave; gallant; courageous.
Prow	Benefit; profit; good; advantage.
Prowess	Distinguished bravery; valor; especially, military bravery and skill; gallantry; intrepidity; fearlessness.
Prowled	of Prowl
Prowling	of Prowl
Prowl	To rove over, through, or about in a stealthy manner; esp., to search in, as for prey or booty.
Prowl	To collect by plunder; as, to prowl money.
Prowl	To rove or wander stealthily, esp. for prey, as a wild beast; hence, to prey; to plunder.
Prowl	The act of prowling.
Prowler	One that prowls.
Prowling	Accustomed to prowl, or engaged in roving stealthily, as for prey.
Prox	"The ticket or list of candidates at elections, presented to the people for their votes."
Proxene	An officer who had the charge of showing hospitality to those who came from a friendly city or state.
Proxenet	A negotiator; a factor.
Proximad	Toward a proximal part; on the proximal side of; proximally.
Proximal	Toward or nearest, as to a body, or center of motion of dependence; proximate.
Proximal	Situated near the point of attachment or origin; as, the proximal part of a limb.
Proximal	Of or pertaining to that which is proximal; as, the proximal bones of a limb. Opposed to distal.
Proximally	On or toward a proximal part; proximad.
Proximate	Nearest; next immediately preceding or following.
Proximately	In a proximate manner, position, or degree; immediately.
Proxime	Next; immediately preceding or following.
Proximious	Proximate.
Proximity	The quality or state of being next in time, place, causation, influence, etc.; immediate nearness, either in place, blood, or alliance.
Proximo	In the next month after the present; -- often contracted to prox.; as, on the 3d proximo.
Proxies	of Proxy
Proxy	The agency for another who acts through the agent; authority to act for another, esp. to vote in a legislative or corporate capacity.
Proxy	The person who is substituted or deputed to act or vote for another.
Proxy	A writing by which one person authorizes another to vote in his stead, as in a corporation meeting.
Proxy	The written appointment of a proctor in suits in the ecclesiastical courts.
Proxy	See Procuration.
Proxy	To act or vote by proxy; to do anything by the agency of another.
Proxyship	The office or agency of a proxy.
Pruce	Prussian leather.
Prude	A woman of affected modesty, reserve, or coyness; one who is overscrupulous or sensitive; one who affects extraordinary prudence in conduct and speech.
Prudence	The quality or state of being prudent; wisdom in the way of caution and provision; discretion; carefulness; hence, also, economy; frugality.
Prudency	Prudence.
Prudent	Sagacious in adapting means to ends; circumspect in action, or in determining any line of conduct; practically wise; judicious; careful; discreet; sensible; -- opposed to rash; as, a prudent man; dictated or directed by prudence or wise forethought; evincing prudence; as, prudent behavior.
Prudent	Frugal; economical; not extravagant; as, a prudent woman; prudent expenditure of money.
Prudential	Proceeding from, or dictated or characterized by, prudence; prudent; discreet; sometimes, selfish or pecuniary as distinguished from higher motives or influences; as, prudential motives.
Prudential	Exercising prudence; discretionary; advisory; superintending or executive; as, a prudential committee.
Prudential	That which relates to or demands the exercise of, discretion or prudence; -- usually in the pl.
Prudentialist	One who is governed by, or acts from, prudential motives.
Prudentiality	The quality or state of being prudential.
Prudentially	In a prudential manner; prudently.
Prudently	In a prudent manner.
Pruderies	of Prudery
Prudery	The quality or state of being prudish; excessive or affected scrupulousness in speech or conduct; stiffness; coyness.
Prudhomme	A trustworthy citizen; a skilled workman. See Citation under 3d Commune, 1.
Prudish	Like a prude; very formal, precise, or reserved; affectedly severe in virtue; as, a prudish woman; prudish manners.
Prudishly	In a prudish manner.
Pruinate	Same as Pruinose.
Pruinose	Frosty; covered with fine scales, hairs, dust, bloom, or the like, so as to give the appearance of frost.
Pruinous	Frosty; pruinose.
Pruned	of Prune
Pruning	of Prune
Prune	To lop or cut off the superfluous parts, branches, or shoots of; to clear of useless material; to shape or smooth by trimming; to trim: as, to prune trees; to prune an essay.
Prune	To cut off or cut out, as useless parts.
Prune	To preen; to prepare; to dress.
Prune	To dress; to prink; -used humorously or in contempt.
Prune	A plum; esp., a dried plum, used in cookery; as, French or Turkish prunes; California prunes.
Prunella	Angina, or angina pectoris.
Prunella	Thrush.
Prunella	Alt. of Prunello
Prunello	A smooth woolen stuff, generally black, used for making shoes; a kind of lasting; -- formerly used also for clergymen's gowns.
Prunelle	A kind of small and very acid French plum; -- applied especially to the stoned and dried fruit.
Prunello	A species of dried plum; prunelle.
Pruner	One who prunes, or removes, what is superfluous.
Pruner	Any one of several species of beetles whose larvae gnaw the branches of trees so as to cause them to fall, especially the American oak pruner (Asemum moestum), whose larva eats the pith of oak branches, and when mature gnaws a circular furrow on the inside nearly to the bark. When the branches fall each contains a pupa.
Pruniferous	Bearing plums.
Pruning	The act of trimming, or removing what is superfluous.
Pruning	That which is cast off by bird in pruning her feathers; leavings.
Prunus	A genus of trees with perigynous rosaceous flowers, and a single two-ovuled carpel which usually becomes a drupe in ripening.
Prurience	Alt. of Pruriency
Pruriency	The quality or state of being prurient.
Prurient	Uneasy with desire; itching; especially, having a lascivious curiosity or propensity; lustful.
Pruriginous	Tending to, or caused by, prurigo; affected by, or of the nature of, prurigo.
Prurigo	A papular disease of the skin, of which intense itching is the chief symptom, the eruption scarcely differing from the healthy cuticle in color.
Pruritus	Itching.
Prussian	Of or pertaining to Prussia.
Prussian	A native or inhabitant of Prussia.
Prussiate	A salt of prussic acid; a cyanide.
Prussic	designating the acid now called hydrocyanic acid, but formerly called prussic acid, because Prussian blue is derived from it or its compounds. See Hydrocyanic.
Prutenic	Prussian; -- applied to certain astronomical tables published in the sixteenth century, founded on the principles of Copernicus, a Prussian.
Pry	A lever; also, leverage.
Pried	of Pry
Prying	of Pry
Pry	To raise or move, or attempt to raise or move, with a pry or lever; to prize.
Pry	To peep narrowly; to gaze; to inspect closely; to attempt to discover something by a scrutinizing curiosity; -- often implying reproach.
Pry	Curious inspection; impertinent peeping.
Pryan	See Prian.
Prying	Inspecting closely or impertinently.
Pryingly	In a prying manner.
Prytaneum	A public building in certain Greek cities; especially, a public hall in Athens regarded as the home of the community, in which official hospitality was extended to distinguished citizens and strangers.
Prytanes	of Prytanis
Prytanis	A member of one of the ten sections into which the Athenian senate of five hundred was divided, and to each of which belonged the presidency of the senate for about one tenth of the year.
Prytany	The period during which the presidency of the senate belonged to the prytanes of the section.
Prythee	See Prithee.
Psalm	A sacred song; a poetical composition for use in the praise or worship of God.
Psalm	Especially, one of the hymns by David and others, collected into one book of the Old Testament, or a modern metrical version of such a hymn for public worship.
Psalm	To extol in psalms; to sing; as, psalming his praises.
Psalmist	A writer or composer of sacred songs; -- a title particularly applied to David and the other authors of the Scriptural psalms.
Psalmist	A clerk, precentor, singer, or leader of music, in the church.
Psalmistry	The use of psalms in devotion; psalmody.
Psalmodic	Alt. of Psalmodical
Psalmodical	Relating to psalmody.
Psalmodist	One who sings sacred songs; a psalmist.
Psalmodize	To practice psalmody.
Psalmody	The act, practice, or art of singing psalms or sacred songs; also, psalms collectively, or a collection of psalms.
Psalmograph	A writer of psalms; a psalmographer.
Psalmographer	Alt. of Psalmographist
Psalmographist	A writer of psalms, or sacred songs and hymns.
Psalmography	The act or practice of writing psalms, or sacred songs.
Psalter	The Book of Psalms; -- often applied to a book containing the Psalms separately printed.
Psalter	Specifically, the Book of Psalms as printed in the Book of Common Prayer; among the Roman Catholics, the part of the Breviary which contains the Psalms arranged for each day of the week.
Psalter	A rosary, consisting of a hundred and fifty beads, corresponding to the number of the psalms.
Psalterial	Of or pertaining to the psalterium.
Psalteria	of Psalterium
Psalterium	The third stomach of ruminants. See Manyplies.
Psalterium	The lyra of the brain.
Psalteries	of Psaltery
Psaltery	A stringed instrument of music used by the Hebrews, the form of which is not known.
Psammite	A species of micaceous sandstone.
Psarolite	A silicified stem of tree fern, found in abundance in the Triassic sandstone.
Psellism	Indistinct pronunciation; stammering.
Psephism	A proposition adopted by a majority of votes; especially, one adopted by vote of the Athenian people; a statute.
Pseudaesthesia	False or imaginary feeling or sense perception such as occurs in hypochondriasis, or such as is referred to an organ that has been removed, as an amputated foot.
Pseudembryo	A false embryo.
Pseudembryo	An asexual form from which the true embryo is produced by budding.
Pseudepigraphic	Alt. of Pseudepigraphic
Pseudepigraphic	Of or pertaining to pseudepigraphy.
Pseudepigraphous	Inscribed with a false name.
Pseudepigraphy	The ascription of false names of authors to works.
Pseudhaemal	Pertaining to the vascular system of annelids.
Pseudo-	A combining form or prefix signifying false, counterfeit, pretended, spurious; as, pseudo-apostle, a false apostle; pseudo-clergy, false or spurious clergy; pseudo-episcopacy, pseudo-form, pseudo-martyr, pseudo-philosopher. Also used adjectively.
Pseudobacteria	Microscopic organic particles, molecular granules, powdered inorganic substances, etc., which in form, size, and grouping resemble bacteria.
Pseudoblepsis	False or depraved sight; imaginary vision of objects.
Pseudobranch	Same as Pseudobranchia.
Pseudobranchiae	of Pseudobranchia
Pseudobranchia	A rudimentary branchia, or gill.
Pseudo-bulb	An aerial corm, or thickened stem, as of some epiphytic orchidaceous plants.
Pseudocarp	That portion of an anthocarpous fruit which is not derived from the ovary, as the soft part of a strawberry or of a fig.
Pseudo-china	The false china root, a plant of the genus Smilax (S. Pseudo-china), found in America.
Pseudocoele	Same as Pseudocoelia.
Pseudocoelia	The fifth ventricle in the mammalian brain. See Ventricle.
Pseudo-cone	One of the soft gelatinous cones found in the compound eyes of certain insects, taking the place of the crystalline cones of others.
Pseudo-cumene	A hydrocarbon of the aromatic series, metameric with mesitylene and cumene, found in coal tar, and obtained as a colorless liquid.
Pseudo-dipteral	Falsely or imperfectly dipteral, as a temple with the inner range of columns surrounding the cella omitted, so that the space between the cella wall and the columns is very great, being equal to two intercolumns and one column.
Pseudo-dipteral	A pseudo-dipteral temple.
Pseudodox	Not true in opinion or doctrine; false.
Pseudodox	A false opinion or doctrine.
Pseudofilari/	of Pseudofilaria
Pseudofilaria	One of the two elongated vibratile young formed by fission of the embryo during the development of certain Gregarinae.
Pseudo-galena	False galena, or blende. See Blende (a).
Pseudograph	A false writing; a spurious document; a forgery.
Pseudography	False writing; forgery.
Pseudohalteres	of Pseudohalter
Pseudohalter	One of the rudimentary front wings of certain insects (Stylops). They resemble the halteres, or rudimentary hind wings, of Diptera.
Pseudo-heart	Any contractile vessel of invertebrates which is not of the nature of a real heart, especially one of those pertaining to the excretory system.
Pseudo-hyperthophic	Falsely hypertrophic; as, pseudo-hypertrophic paralysis, a variety of paralysis in which the muscles are apparently enlarged, but are really degenerated and replaced by fat.
Pseudologist	One who utters falsehoods; a liar.
Pseudology	Falsehood of speech.
Pseudo-metallic	Falsely or imperfectly metallic; -- said of a kind of luster, as in minerals.
Pseudo-monocotyledonous	Having two coalescent cotyledons, as the live oak and the horse-chestnut.
Pseudomorph	An irregular or deceptive form.
Pseudomorph	A pseudomorphous crystal, as a crystal consisting of quartz, but having the cubic form of fluor spar, the fluor crystal having been changed to quartz by a process of substitution.
Pseudomorphism	The state of having, or the property of taking, a crystalline form unlike that which belongs to the species.
Pseudomorphous	Not having the true form.
Pseudonavicullae	of Pseudonavicella
Pseudonavicella	Same as Pseudonavicula.
Pseudonaviculae	of Pseudonavicula
Pseudonavicula	One of the minute spindle-shaped embryos of Gregarinae and some other Protozoa.
Pseudoneuroptera	division of insects (Zool.) reticulated wings, as in the Neuroptera, but having an active pupa state. It includes the dragon flies, May flies, white ants, etc. By some zoologists they are classed with the Orthoptera; by others, with the Neuroptera.
Pseudoneuropterous	Of or pertaining to the Pseudoneuroptera.
Pseudonym	A fictitious name assumed for the time, as by an author; a pen name.
Pseudonumity	The using of fictitious names, as by authors.
Pseudonymous	Bearing a false or fictitious name; as, a pseudonymous work.
Pseuso-peripteral	Falsely or imperfectly peripteral, as a temple having the columns at the sides attached to the walls, and an ambulatory only at the ends or only at one end.
Pseuso-peripteral	A pseudo-peripteral temple.
Pseudopod	Any protoplasmic filament or irregular process projecting from any unicellular organism, or from any animal or plant call.
Pseudopod	A rhizopod.
Pseudopodial	Of or pertaining to a pseudopod, or to pseudopodia. See Illust. of Heliozoa.
Pseudopodia	of Pseudopodium
Pseudopodium	Same as Pseudopod.
Pseudopupae	of Pseudopupa
Pseudopupas	of Pseudopupa
Pseudopupa	A stage intermediate between the larva and pupa of bees and certain other hymenopterous insects.
Pseudorhabdite	One of the peculiar rodlike corpuscles found in the integument of certain Turbellaria. They are filled with a soft granular substance.
Pseudo-romantic	Falsely romantic.
Pseudoscope	An instrument which exhibits objects with their proper relief reversed; -- an effect opposite to that produced by the stereoscope.
Pseudoscopic	Of, pertaining to, or formed by, a pseudoscope; having its parts appearing with the relief reversed; as, a pseudoscopic image.
Pseudoscorpiones	An order of Arachnoidea having the palpi terminated by large claws, as in the scorpions, but destitute of a caudal sting; the false scorpions. Called also Pseudoscorpii, and Pseudoscorpionina. See Illust. of Book scorpion, under Book.
Pseudosphere	The surface of constant negative curvature generated by the revolution of a tractrix. This surface corresponds in non-Euclidian space to the sphere in ordinary space. An important property of the surface is that any figure drawn upon it can be displaced in any way without tearing it or altering in size any of its elements.
Pseudospore	A peculiar reproductive cell found in some fungi.
-lae	of Pseudostella
Pseudostella	Any starlike meteor or phenomenon.
Pseudostomata	of Pseudostoma
Pseudostoma	A group of cells resembling a stoma, but without any true aperture among them.
Pseudo-symmetric	Exhibiting pseudo-symmetry.
Pseudo-symmetry	A kind of symmetry characteristic of certain crystals which from twinning, or other causes, come to resemble forms of a system other than that to which they belong, as the apparently hexagonal prisms of aragonite.
Pseudotetramera	A division of beetles having the fifth tarsal joint minute and obscure, so that there appear to be but four joints.
Pseudotineae	of Pseudotinea
Pseudotinea	The bee moth, or wax moth (Galleria).
Pseudoturbinal	See under Turbinal.
Pseudovaries	of Pseudovary
Pseudovary	The organ in which pseudova are produced; -- called also pseudovarium.
Pseudova	of Pseudovum
Pseudovum	An egglike germ produced by the agamic females of some insects and other animals, and by the larvae of certain insects. It is capable of development without fertilization. See Illust. of Paedogenesis.
Pshaw	Pish! pooch! -- an exclamation used as an expression of contempt, disdain, dislike, etc.
Pshaw	To express disgust or contemptuous disapprobation, as by the exclamation " Pshaw!"
Psilanthropic	Pertaining to, or embodying, psilanthropy. "A psilanthropic explanation."
Psilanthropism	Psilanthropy.
Psilanthropist	One who believes that Christ was a mere man.
Psilanthropy	The doctrine of the merely human existence of Christ.
Psilology	Love of empty of empty talk or noise.
Psilomelane	A hydrous oxide of manganese, occurring in smooth, botryoidal forms, and massive, and having an iron-black or steel-gray color.
Psilopaedes	birds whose young at first have down on the pterylae only; -- called also Gymnopaedes.
Psilopaedic	Having down upon the pterylae only; -- said of the young of certain birds.
Psilosopher	A superficial or narrow pretender to philosophy; a sham philosopher.
Psittaceous	Alt. of Psittacid
Psittacid	Of or pertaining to the parrots, or the Psittaci.
Psittacid	One of the Psittaci.
Psittaci	The order of birds which comprises the parrots.
Psitta-co-fulvine	A yellow pigment found in the feathers of certain parrots.
Psoas	An internal muscle arising from the lumbar vertebrae and inserted into the femur. In man there are usually two on each side, and the larger one, or great psoas, forms a part of the iliopsoas.
Psora	A cutaneous disease; especially, the itch.
Psoriasis	The state of being affected with psora.
Psoriasis	A cutaneous disease, characterized by imbricated silvery scales, affecting only the superficial layers of the skin.
Psoric	Of or pertaining to psora.
Psorosperm	A minute parasite, usually the young of Gregarinae, in the pseudonavicula stage.
Psychagogic	Attractive; persuasive.
Psychagogue	A necromancer.
Psychal	Of or pertaining to the soul; psychical.
Psyche	A lovely maiden, daughter of a king and mistress of Eros, or Cupid. She is regarded as the personification of the soul.
Psyche	The soul; the vital principle; the mind.
Psyche	A cheval glass.
Psychian	Any small moth of the genus Psyche and allied genera (family Psychidae). The larvae are called basket worms. See Basket worm, under Basket.
Psychiatria	Alt. of Psychiatry
Psychiatry	The application of the healing art to mental diseases.
Psychiatric	Of or pertaining to psychiatria.
Psychic	Alt. of Psychical
Psychical	Of or pertaining to the human soul, or to the living principle in man.
Psychical	Of or pertaining to the mind, or its functions and diseases; mental; -- contrasted with physical.
Psychics	Psychology.
Psychism	The doctrine of Quesne, that there is a fluid universally diffused, end equally animating all living beings, the difference in their actions being due to the difference of the individual organizations.
Psycho-	A combining form from Gr. psychh` the soul, the mind, the understanding; as, psychology.
Psychogenesis	Genesis through an internal force, as opposed to natural selection.
Psychography	A description of the phenomena of mind.
Psychography	Spirit writing.
Psychologic	Alt. of Psychological
Psychological	Of or pertaining to psychology. See Note under Psychic.
Psychologist	One who is versed in, devoted to, psychology.
Psychologue	A psychologist.
Psychologies	of Psychology
Psychology	The science of the human soul; specifically, the systematic or scientific knowledge of the powers and functions of the human soul, so far as they are known by consciousness; a treatise on the human soul.
Psychomachy	A conflict of the soul with the body.
Psychomancy	Necromancy.
Psychometry	The art of measuring the duration of mental processes, or of determining the time relations of mental phenomena.
Psycho-motor	Of or pertaining to movement produced by action of the mind or will.
Psychopannychism	The doctrine that the soul falls asleep at death, and does not wake until the resurrection of the body.
Psychopathy	Mental disease. See Psychosis, 2.
Psychophysical	Of or pertaining to psychophysics; involving the action or mutual relations of the psychical and physical in man.
Psychophysics	The science of the connection between nerve action and consciousness; the science which treats of the relations of the psychical and physical in their conjoint operation in man; the doctrine of the relation of function or dependence between body and soul.
Psychopomp	A leader or guide of souls .
Psychosis	Any vital action or activity.
Psychosis	A disease of the mind; especially, a functional mental disorder, that is, one unattended with evident organic changes.
Psychozoic	Designating, or applied to the Era of man; as, the psychozoic era.
Psychrometer	An instrument for measuring the tension of the aqueous vapor in the atmosphere, being essentially a wet and dry bulb hygrometer.
Psychrometrical	Of or pertaining to the psychrometer or psychrometry.
Psychrometry	Hygrometry.
Psyllae	of Psylla
Psylla	Any leaping plant louse of the genus Psylla, or family Psyllidae.
Ptarmigan	Any grouse of the genus Lagopus, of which numerous species are known. The feet are completely feathered. Most of the species are brown in summer, but turn white, or nearly white, in winter.
Ptenoglossa	A division of gastropod mollusks having the teeth of the radula arranged in long transverse rows, somewhat like the barbs of a feather.
Ptenoglossate	Of or pertaining to the Ptenoglossa.
Pteranodon	A genus of American Cretaceous pterodactyls destitute of teeth. Several species are known, some of which had an expanse of wings of twenty feet or more.
Pteranodontia	A group of pterodactyls destitute of teeth, as in the genus Pteranodon.
Pterichthys	A genus of Devonian fossil fishes with winglike appendages. The head and most of the body were covered with large bony plates. See Placodermi.
Pteridologist	One who is versed in pteridology.
Pteridology	That department of botany which treats of ferns.
Pteridomania	A madness, craze, or strong fancy, for ferns.
Pteridophyta	A class of flowerless plants, embracing ferns, horsetails, club mosses, quillworts, and other like plants. See the Note under Cryptogamia.
Pterobranchia	An order of marine Bryozoa, having a bilobed lophophore and an axial cord. The genus Rhabdopleura is the type.  Called also Podostomata. See Rhabdopleura.
Pteroceras	A genus of large marine gastropods having the outer border of the lip divided into lobes; -- called also scorpion shell.
Pterocletes	A division of birds including the sand grouse. They are in some respects intermediate between the pigeons and true grouse.  Called also Pteroclomorphae.
Pterodactyl	An extinct flying reptile; one of the Pterosauria. See Illustration in Appendix.
Pterodactyli	Same as Pterosauria.
Pteroglossal	Having the tongue finely notched along the sides, so as to have a featherlike appearance, as the toucans.
Pteron	The region of the skull, in the temporal fossa back of the orbit, where the great wing of the sphenoid, the temporal, the parietal, and the frontal hones approach each other.
Pteropappi	Same as Odontotormae.
Pterophore	Any moth of the genus Pterophorus and allied genera; a plume moth. See Plume moth, under Plume.
Pteropod	One of the Pteropoda.
Pteropoda	A class of Mollusca in which the anterior lobes of the foot are developed in the form of broad, thin, winglike organs, with which they swim at near the surface of the sea.
Pteropodous	Of or pertaining to the Pteropoda.
Pterosaur	A pterodactyl.
Pterosauria	An extinct order of flying reptiles of the Mesozoic age; the pterodactyls; -- called also Pterodactyli, and Ornithosauria.
Pterosaurian	Of or pertaining to the Pterosauria.
Pterostigmata	of Pterostigma
Pterostigma	A thickened opaque spot on the wings of certain insects.
Pterotic	Of or pertaining to, or designating, a bone between the prootic and epiotic in the dorsal and outer part of the periotic capsule of many fishes.
Pterotic	The pterotic bone.
Pterygiums	of Pterygium
Pterygia	of Pterygium
Pterygium	A superficial growth of vascular tissue radiating in a fanlike manner from the cornea over the surface of the eye.
Pterygoid	Like a bird's wing in form; as, a pterygoid bone.
Pterygoid	Of, pertaining to, or in the region of, the pterygoid bones, pterygoid processes, or the whole sphenoid bone.
Pterygoid	A pterygoid bone.
Pterygomaxillary	Of or pertaining to the inner pterygoid plate, or pterygoid bone, and the lower jaw.
Pterygopalatine	Of or pertaining to the pterygoid processes and the palatine bones.
Pterygopodia	of Pterygopodium
Pterygopodium	A specially modified part of the ventral fin in male elasmobranchs, which serves as a copulatory organ, or clasper.
Pterygoquadrate	Of, pertaining to, or representing the pterygoid and quadrate bones or cartilages.
Pterylae	of Pteryla
Pteryla	One of the definite areas of the skin of a bird on which feathers grow; -- contrasted with apteria.
Pterylography	The study or description of the arrangement of feathers, or of the pterylae, of birds.
Pterylosis	The arrangement of feathers in definite areas.
Ptilocerque	The pentail.
Ptilopaedes	Same as Dasypaedes.
Ptilopaedic	Having nearly the whole surface of the skin covered with down; dasypaedic; -- said of the young of certain birds.
Ptilopteri	An order of birds including only the penguins.
Ptilosis	Same as Pterylosis.
Ptisan	A decoction of barley with other ingredients; a farinaceous drink.
Ptisan	An aqueous medicine, containing little, if any, medicinal agent; a tea or tisane.
Ptolemaic	Of or pertaining to Ptolemy, the geographer and astronomer.
Ptolemaist	One who accepts the astronomical system of Ptolemy.
Ptomaine	One of a class of animal bases or alkaloids formed in the putrefaction of various kinds of albuminous matter, and closely related to the vegetable alkaloids; a cadaveric poison. The ptomaines, as a class, have their origin in dead matter, by which they are to be distinguished from the leucomaines.
Ptosis	Drooping of the upper eyelid, produced by paralysis of its levator muscle.
Ptyalin	An unorganized amylolytic ferment, on enzyme, present in human mixed saliva and in the saliva of some animals.
Ptyalism	Salivation, or an excessive flow of saliva.
Ptyalogogue	A ptysmagogue.
Ptysmagogue	A medicine that promotes the discharge of saliva.
Ptyxis	The way in which a leaf is sometimes folded in the bud.
Pubble	Puffed out, pursy; pudgy; fat.
Puberal	Of or pertaining to puberty.
Puberty	The earliest age at which persons are capable of begetting or bearing children, usually considered, in temperate climates, to be about fourteen years in males and twelve in females.
Puberty	The period when a plant first bears flowers.
Puberulent	Very minutely downy.
Pubes	The hair which appears upon the lower part of the hypogastric region at the age of puberty.
Pubes	Hence (as more commonly used), the lower part of the hypogastric region; the pubic region.
Pubes	The down of plants; a downy or villous substance which grows on plants; pubescence.
Pubescence	The quality or state of being pubescent, or of having arrived at puberty.
Pubescence	A covering of soft short hairs, or down, as one some plants and insects; also, the state of being so covered.
Pubescency	Pubescence.
Pubescent	Arrived at puberty.
Pubescent	Covered with pubescence, or fine short hairs, as certain insects, and the leaves of some plants.
Pubic	Of or pertaining to the pubes; in the region of the pubes; as, the pubic bone; the pubic region, or the lower part of the hypogastric region. See Pubes.
Pubic	Of or pertaining to the pubis.
Pubis	The ventral and anterior of the three principal bones composing either half of the pelvis; sharebone; pubic bone.
Public	Of or pertaining to the people; belonging to the people; relating to, or affecting, a nation, state, or community; -- opposed to private; as, the public treasury.
Public	Open to the knowledge or view of all; general; common; notorious; as, public report; public scandal.
Public	Open to common or general use; as, a public road; a public house.
Public	The general body of mankind, or of a nation, state, or community; the people, indefinitely; as, the American public; also, a particular body or aggregation of people; as, an author's public.
Public	A public house; an inn.
Publican	A farmer of the taxes and public revenues; hence, a collector of toll or tribute. The inferior officers of this class were often oppressive in their exactions, and were regarded with great detestation.
Publican	The keeper of an inn or public house; one licensed to retail beer, spirits, or wine.
Publication	The act of publishing or making known; notification to the people at large, either by words, writing, or printing; proclamation; divulgation; promulgation; as, the publication of the law at Mount Sinai; the publication of the gospel; the publication of statutes or edicts.
Publication	The act of offering a book, pamphlet, engraving, etc., to the public by sale or by gratuitous distribution.
Publication	That which is published or made known; especially, any book, pamphlet, etc., offered for sale or to public notice; as, a daily or monthly publication.
Publication	An act done in public.
Public-hearted	Public-spirited.
Publicist	A writer on the laws of nature and nations; one who is versed in the science of public right, the principles of government, etc.
Publicity	The quality or state of being public, or open to the knowledge of a community; notoriety; publicness.
Publicly	With exposure to popular view or notice; without concealment; openly; as, property publicly offered for sale; an opinion publicly avowed; a declaration publicly made.
Publicly	In the name of the community.
Public-minded	Public-spirited.
Publicness	The quality or state of being public, or open to the view or notice of people at large; publicity; notoriety; as, the publicness of a sale.
Publicness	The quality or state of belonging to the community; as, the publicness of property.
Public-spirited	Having, or exercising, a disposition to advance the interest of the community or public; as, public-spirited men.
Public-spirited	Dictated by a regard to public good; as, a public-spirited project or measure.
Published	of Publish
Publishing	of Publish
Publish	To make public; to make known to mankind, or to people in general; to divulge, as a private transaction; to promulgate or proclaim, as a law or an edict.
Publish	To make known by posting, or by reading in a church; as, to publish banns of marriage.
Publish	To send forth, as a book, newspaper, musical piece, or other printed work, either for sale or for general distribution; to print, and issue from the press.
Publish	To utter, or put into circulation; as, to publish counterfeit paper.
Publishable	Capable of being published; suitable for publication.
Publisher	One who publishes; as, a publisher of a book or magazine.
Publishment	The act or process of making publicly known; publication.
Publishment	A public notice of intended marriage, required by the laws of some States.
Puccoon	Any one of several plants yielding a red pigment which is used by the North American Indians, as the bloodroot and two species of Lithospermum (L. hirtum, and L. canescens); also, the pigment itself.
Puce	Of a dark brown or brownish purple color.
Pucel	See Pucelle.
Pucelage	Virginity.
Pucelle	A maid; a virgin.
Puceron	Any plant louse, or aphis.
Pucherite	Vanadate of bismuth, occurring in minute reddish brown crystals.
Puck	A celebrated fairy, "the merry wanderer of the night;" -- called also Robin Goodfellow, Friar Rush, Pug, etc.
Puck	The goatsucker.
Puckball	A puffball.
Puckered	of Pucker
Puckering	of Pucker
Pucker	To gather into small folds or wrinkles; to contract into ridges and furrows; to corrugate; -- often with up; as, to pucker up the mouth.
Pucker	A fold; a wrinkle; a collection of folds.
Pucker	A state of perplexity or anxiety; confusion; bother; agitation.
Puckerer	One who, or that which, puckers.
Puckery	Producing, or tending to produce, a pucker; as, a puckery taste.
Puckery	Inclined to become puckered or wrinkled; full of puckers or wrinkles.
Puckfist	A puffball.
Puckish	Resembling Puck; merry; mischievous.
Pucras	See Koklass.
Pud	Same as Pood.
Pud	The hand; the first.
Puddening	A quantity of rope-yarn, or the like, placed, as a fender, on the bow of a boat.
Puddening	A bunch of soft material to prevent chafing between spars, or the like.
Puddered	of Pudder
Puddering	of Pudder
Pudder	To make a tumult or bustle; to splash; to make a pother or fuss; to potter; to meddle.
Pudder	To perplex; to embarrass; to confuse; to bother; as, to pudder a man.
Pudder	A pother; a tumult; a confused noise; turmoil; bustle.
Pudding	A species of food of a soft or moderately hard consistence, variously made, but often a compound of flour or meal, with milk and eggs, etc.
Pudding	Anything resembling, or of the softness and consistency of, pudding.
Pudding	An intestine; especially, an intestine stuffed with meat, etc.; a sausage.
Pudding	Any food or victuals.
Pudding	Same as Puddening.
Pudding-headed	Stupid.
Puddle	A small quantity of dirty standing water; a muddy plash; a small pool.
Puddle	Clay, or a mixture of clay and sand, kneaded or worked, when wet, to render it impervious to water.
Puddled	of Puddle
Puddling	of Puddle
Puddle	To make foul or muddy; to pollute with dirt; to mix dirt with (water).
Puddle	To make dense or close, as clay or loam, by working when wet, so as to render impervious to water.
Puddle	To make impervious to liquids by means of puddle; to apply puddle to.
Puddle	To subject to the process of puddling, as iron, so as to convert it from the condition of cast iron to that of wrought iron.
Puddle	To make a dirty stir.
Puddle-ball	The lump of pasty wrought iron as taken from the puddling furnace to be hammered or rolled.
Puddle-bar	An iron bar made at a single heat from a puddle-ball hammering and rolling.
Puddler	One who converts cast iron into wrought iron by the process of puddling.
Puddling	The process of working clay, loam, pulverized ore, etc., with water, to render it compact, or impervious to liquids; also, the process of rendering anything impervious to liquids by means of puddled material.
Puddling	Puddle. See Puddle, n., 2.
Puddling	The art or process of converting cast iron into wrought iron or steel by subjecting it to intense heat and frequent stirring in a reverberatory furnace in the presence of oxidizing substances, by which it is freed from a portion of its carbon and other impurities.
Puddly	Consisting of, or resembling, puddles; muddy; foul.
Puddock	A small inclosure.
Pudency	Modesty; shamefacedness.
Pudenda	The external organs of generation.
Pudendal	Of or pertaining to the pudenda, or pudendum.
Pudendum	The external organs of generation, especially of the female; the vulva.
Pudgy	Short and fat or sturdy; dumpy; podgy; as, a short, pudgy little man; a pudgy little hand.
Pudic	Of or pertaining to the external organs of generation.
Pudical	Pudic.
Pudicity	Modesty; chastity.
Pudu	A very small deer (Pudua humilis), native of the Chilian Andes. It has simple spikelike antlers, only two or three inches long.
Pued	of Pue
Puing	of Pue
Pue	To make a low whistling sound; to chirp, as birds.
Pueblo	A communistic building erected by certain Indian tribes of Arizona and New Mexico. It is often of large size and several stories high, and is usually built either of stone or adobe. The term is also applied to any Indian village in the same region.
Puefellow	A pewfellow.
Puer	The dung of dogs, used as an alkaline steep in tanning.
Puerco	A hog.
Puerile	Boyish; childish; trifling; silly.
Puerilely	In a puerile manner; childishly.
Puerileness	The quality of being puerile; puerility.
Puerilities	of Puerility
Puerility	The quality of being puerile; childishness; puerileness.
Puerility	That which is puerile or childish; especially, an expression which is flat, insipid, or silly.
Puerperal	Of or pertaining to childbirth; as, a puerperal fever.
Puerperous	Bearing children.
Puet	The pewit.
Puff	A sudden and single emission of breath from the mouth; hence, any sudden or short blast of wind; a slight gust; a whiff.
Puff	Anything light and filled with air.
Puff	A puffball.
Puff	a kind of light pastry.
Puff	A utensil of the toilet for dusting the skin or hair with powder.
Puff	An exaggerated or empty expression of praise, especially one in a public journal.
Puffed	of Puff
Puffing	of Puff
Puff	To blow in puffs, or with short and sudden whiffs.
Puff	To blow, as an expression of scorn; -- with at.
Puff	To breathe quick and hard, or with puffs, as after violent exertion.
Puff	To swell with air; to be dilated or inflated.
Puff	To breathe in a swelling, inflated, or pompous manner; hence, to assume importance.
Puff	To drive with a puff, or with puffs.
Puff	To repel with words; to blow at contemptuously.
Puff	To cause to swell or dilate; to inflate; to ruffle with puffs; -- often with up; as, a bladder puffed with air.
Puff	To inflate with pride, flattery, self-esteem, or the like; -- often with up.
Puff	To praise with exaggeration; to flatter; to call public attention to by praises; to praise unduly.
Puff	Puffed up; vain.
Puffball	A kind of ball-shaped fungus (Lycoperdon giganteum, and other species of the same genus) full of dustlike spores when ripe; -- called also bullfist, bullfice, puckfist, puff, and puffin.
Puffer	One who puffs; one who praises with noisy or extravagant commendation.
Puffer	One who is employed by the owner or seller of goods sold at suction to bid up the price; a by-bidder.
Puffer	Any plectognath fish which inflates its body, as the species of Tetrodon and Diodon; -- called also blower, puff-fish, swellfish, and globefish.
Puffer	The common, or harbor, porpoise.
Puffer	A kier.
Puffery	The act of puffing; bestowment of extravagant commendation.
Puffin	An arctic sea bird Fratercula arctica) allied to the auks, and having a short, thick, swollen beak, whence the name; -- called also bottle nose, cockandy, coulterneb, marrot, mormon, pope, and sea parrot.
Puffin	The puffball.
Puffin	A sort of apple.
Puffiness	The quality or state of being puffy.
Puffing	a. & n. from Puff, v. i. & t.
Puffingly	In a puffing manner; with vehement breathing or shortness of breath; with exaggerated praise.
Puff-leg	Any one of numerous species of beautiful humming birds of the genus Eriocnemis having large tufts of downy feathers on the legs.
Puff-legged	Having a conspicuous tuft of feathers on the legs.
Puffy	Swelled with air, or any soft matter; tumid with a soft substance; bloated; fleshy; as, a puffy tumor.
Puffy	Hence, inflated; bombastic; as, a puffy style.
Pugged	of Pug
Pugging	of Pug
Pug	To mix and stir when wet, as clay for bricks, pottery, etc.
Pug	To fill or stop with clay by tamping; to fill in or spread with mortar, as a floor or partition, for the purpose of deadening sound. See Pugging, 2.
Pug	Tempered clay; clay moistened and worked so as to be plastic.
Pug	A pug mill.
Pug	An elf, or a hobgoblin; also same as Puck.
Pug	A name for a monkey.
Pug	A name for a fox.
Pug	An intimate; a crony; a dear one.
Pug	Chaff; the refuse of grain.
Pug	A prostitute.
Pug	One of a small breed of pet dogs having a short nose and head; a pug dog.
Pug	Any geometrid moth of the genus Eupithecia.
Pug-faced	Having a face like a monkey or a pug; monkey-faced.
Pugger	To pucker.
Puggered	Puckered.
Pugging	The act or process of working and tempering clay to make it plastic and of uniform consistency, as for bricks, for pottery, etc.
Pugging	Mortar or the like, laid between the joists under the boards of a floor, or within a partition, to deaden sound; -- in the United States usually called deafening.
Pugging	Thieving.
Pugh	Pshaw! pish! -- a word used in contempt or disdain.
Pugil	As much as is taken up between the thumb and two first fingers.
Pugilism	The practice of boxing, or fighting with the fist.
Pugilist	One who fights with his fists; esp., a professional prize fighter; a boxer.
Pugilistic	Of or pertaining to pugillism.
Pugnacious	Disposed to fight; inclined to fighting; quarrelsome; fighting.
Pugnacity	Inclination or readiness to fight; quarrelsomeness.
Pug nose	A short, thick nose; a snubnose.
Puh	The same as Pugh.
Puisne	Later in age, time, etc.; subsequent.
Puisne	Puny; petty; unskilled.
Puisne	Younger or inferior in rank; junior; associate; as, a chief justice and three puisne justices of the Court of Common Pleas; the puisne barons of the Court of Exchequer.
Puisne	One who is younger, or of inferior rank; a junior; esp., a judge of inferior rank.
Puisny	Puisne; younger; inferior; petty; unskilled.
Puissance	Power; strength; might; force; potency.
Puissant	Powerful; strong; mighty; forcible; as, a puissant prince or empire.
Puissantly	In a puissant manner; powerfully; with great strength.
Puissantness	The state or quality of being puissant; puissance; power.
Puit	A well; a small stream; a fountain; a spring.
Puked	of Puke
Puking	of Puke
Puke	To eject the contests of the stomach; to vomit; to spew.
Puke	To eject from the stomach; to vomit up.
Puke	A medicine that causes vomiting; an emetic; a vomit.
Puke	Of a color supposed to be between black and russet.
Puker	One who pukes, vomits.
Puker	That which causes vomiting.
Pulas	The East Indian leguminous tree Butea frondosa. See Gum Butea, under Gum.
Pulchritude	That quality of appearance which pleases the eye; beauty; comeliness; grace; loveliness.
Pulchritude	Attractive moral excellence; moral beauty.
Puled	of Pule
Puling	of Pule
Pule	To cry like a chicken.
Pule	To whimper; to whine, as a complaining child.
Puler	One who pules; one who whines or complains; a weak person.
Pulex	A genus of parasitic insects including the fleas. See Flea.
Pulicene	Pertaining to, or abounding in, fleas; pulicose.
Pulicose	Alt. of Pulicous
Pulicous	Abounding with fleas.
Puling	A cry, as of a chicken,; a whining or whimpering.
Puling	Whimpering; whining; childish.
Pulingly	With whining or complaint.
Pulkha	A Laplander's traveling sledge. See Sledge.
Pulled	of Pull
Pulling	of Pull
Pull	To draw, or attempt to draw, toward one; to draw forcibly.
Pull	To draw apart; to tear; to rend.
Pull	To gather with the hand, or by drawing toward one; to pluck; as, to pull fruit; to pull flax; to pull a finch.
Pull	To move or operate by the motion of drawing towards one; as, to pull a bell; to pull an oar.
Pull	To hold back, and so prevent from winning; as, the favorite was pulled.
Pull	To take or make, as a proof or impression; -- hand presses being worked by pulling a lever.
Pull	To strike the ball in a particular manner. See Pull, n., 8.
Pull	To exert one's self in an act or motion of drawing or hauling; to tug; as, to pull at a rope.
Pull	The act of pulling or drawing with force; an effort to move something by drawing toward one.
Pull	A contest; a struggle; as, a wrestling pull.
Pull	A pluck; loss or violence suffered.
Pull	A knob, handle, or lever, etc., by which anything is pulled; as, a drawer pull; a bell pull.
Pull	The act of rowing; as, a pull on the river.
Pull	The act of drinking; as, to take a pull at the beer, or the mug.
Pull	Something in one's favor in a comparison or a contest; an advantage; means of influencing; as, in weights the favorite had the pull.
Pull	A kind of stroke by which a leg ball is sent to the off side, or an off ball to the side.
Pullail	Poultry.
Pullback	That which holds back, or causes to recede; a drawback; a hindrance.
Pullback	The iron hook fixed to a casement to pull it shut, or to hold it party open at a fixed point.
Pulled	Plucked; pilled; moulting.
Pullen	Poultry.
Puller	One who, or that which, pulls.
Pullet	A young hen, or female of the domestic fowl.
Pulleys	of Pulley
Pulley	A wheel with a broad rim, or grooved rim, for transmitting power from, or imparting power to, the different parts of machinery, or for changing the direction of motion, by means of a belt, cord, rope, or chain.
Pulley	To raise or lift by means of a pulley.
Pullicate	A kind of checked cotton or silk handkerchief.
Pullman car	A kind of sleeping car; also, a palace car; -- often shortened to Pullman.
Pullulate	To germinate; to bud; to multiply abundantly.
Pullulation	A germinating, or budding.
Pulli	of Pullus
Pullus	A chick; a young bird in the downy stage.
Pulmobranchiata	Alt. of Pulmobranchiate
Pulmobranchiate	Same as Pulmonibranchiata, -ate.
Pulmocutaneous	Of or pertaining to the lungs and the akin; as, the pulmocutaneous arteries of the frog.
Pulmogasteropoda	Same as Pulmonata.
Pulmograde	Swimming by the expansion and contraction, or lunglike movement, of the body, or of the disk, as do the medusae.
Pulmometer	A spirometer.
Pulmonarian	Any arachnid that breathes by lunglike organs, as the spiders and scorpions. Also used adjectively.
Pulmonary	Of or pertaining to the lungs; affecting the lungs; pulmonic.
Pulmonary	Lungwort.
Pulmonata	An extensive division, or sub-class, of hermaphrodite gastropods, in which the mantle cavity is modified into an air-breathing organ, as in Helix, or land snails, Limax, or garden slugs, and many pond snails, as Limnaea and Planorbis.
Pulmonate	Having breathing organs that act as lungs.
Pulmonate	Pertaining to the Pulmonata.
Pulmonate	One of the Pulmonata.
Pulmonated	same as Pulmonate (a).
Pulmonibranchiata	Same as Pulmonata.
Pulmonibranchiate	Same as Pulmonate.
Pulmonic	Relating to, or affecting the lungs; pulmonary.
Pulmonic	A pulmonic medicine.
Pulmonifera	Same as Pulmonata.
Pulmoniferous	Having lungs; pulmonate.
Pulp	A moist, slightly cohering mass, consisting of soft, undissolved animal or vegetable matter.
Pulp	A tissue or part resembling pulp; especially, the soft, highly vascular and sensitive tissue which fills the central cavity, called the pulp cavity, of teeth.
Pulp	The soft, succulent part of fruit; as, the pulp of a grape.
Pulp	The exterior part of a coffee berry.
Pulp	The material of which paper is made when ground up and suspended in water.
Pulped	of Pulp
Pulping	of Pulp
Pulp	To reduce to pulp.
Pulp	To deprive of the pulp, or integument.
Pulpatoon	A kind of delicate confectionery or cake, perhaps made from the pulp of fruit.
Pulpiness	the quality or state of being pulpy.
Pulpit	An elevated place, or inclosed stage, in a church, in which the clergyman stands while preaching.
Pulpit	The whole body of the clergy; preachers as a class; also, preaching.
Pulpit	A desk, or platform, for an orator or public speaker.
Pulpit	Of or pertaining to the pulpit, or preaching; as, a pulpit orator; pulpit eloquence.
Pulpited	Placed in a pulpit.
Pulpiteer	One who speaks in a pulpit; a preacher; -- so called in contempt.
Pulpiter	A preacher.
Pulpitical	Of or pertaining to the pulpit; suited to the pulpit.
Pulpitish	Of or pertaining to the pulpit; like preaching.
Pulpitry	The teaching of the pulpit; preaching.
Pulpous	Containing pulp; pulpy.
Pulpy	Like pulp; consisting of pulp; soft; fleshy; succulent; as, the pulpy covering of a nut; the pulpy substance of a peach or a cherry.
Pulque	An intoxicating Mexican drink. See Agave.
Pulsated	of Pulsate
Pulsating	of Pulsate
Pulsate	To throb, as a pulse; to beat, as the heart.
Pulsatile	Capable of being struck or beaten; played by beating or by percussion; as, a tambourine is a pulsatile musical instrument.
Pulsatile	Pulsating; throbbing, as a tumor.
Pulsatilla	A genus of ranunculaceous herbs including the pasque flower. This genus is now merged in Anemone. Some species, as Anemone Pulsatilla, Anemone pratensis, and Anemone patens, are used medicinally.
Pulsation	A beating or throbbing, especially of the heart or of an artery, or in an inflamed part; a beat of the pulse.
Pulsation	A single beat or throb of a series.
Pulsation	A stroke or impulse by which some medium is affected, as in the propagation of sounds.
Pulsation	Any touching of another's body willfully or in anger. This constitutes battery.
Pulsative	Beating; throbbing.
Pulsator	A beater; a striker.
Pulsator	That which beats or throbs in working.
Pulsatory	Capable of pulsating; throbbing.
Pulse	Leguminous plants, or their seeds, as beans, pease, etc.
Pulse	The beating or throbbing of the heart or blood vessels, especially of the arteries.
Pulse	Any measured or regular beat; any short, quick motion, regularly repeated, as of a medium in the transmission of light, sound, etc.; oscillation; vibration; pulsation; impulse; beat; movement.
Pulse	To beat, as the arteries; to move in pulses or beats; to pulsate; to throb.
Pulse	To drive by a pulsation; to cause to pulsate.
Pulseless	Having no pulsation; lifeless.
Pulselessness	The state of being pulseless.
Pulsific	Exciting the pulse; causing pulsation.
Pulsimeter	A sphygmograph.
Pulsion	The act of driving forward; propulsion; -- opposed to suction or traction.
Pulsive	Tending to compel; compulsory.
Pulsometer	A device, with valves, for raising water by steam, partly by atmospheric pressure, and partly by the direct action of the steam on the water, without the intervention of a piston; -- also called vacuum pump.
Pulsometer	A pulsimeter.
Pult	To put.
Pultaceous	Macerated; softened; nearly fluid.
Pultesse	Alt. of Pultise
Pultise	Poultry.
Pulu	A vegetable substance consisting of soft, elastic, yellowish brown chaff, gathered in the Hawaiian Islands from the young fronds of free ferns of the genus Cibotium, chiefly C. Menziesii; -- used for stuffing mattresses, cushions, etc., and as an absorbent.
Purverable	Capable of being reduced to fine powder.
Pulveraceous	Having a finely powdered surface; pulverulent.
Pulverate	To beat or reduce to powder or dust; to pulverize.
Pulverine	Ashes of barilla.
Pulverizable	Admitting of being pulverized; pulverable.
Pulverization	The action of reducing to dust or powder.
Pulverized	of Pulverize
Pulverizing	of Pulverize
Pulverize	To reduce of fine powder or dust, as by beating, grinding, or the like; as, friable substances may be pulverized by grinding or beating, but to pulverize malleable bodies other methods must be pursued.
Pulverize	To become reduced to powder; to fall to dust; as, the stone pulverizes easily.
Pulverizer	One who, or that which, pulverizes.
Pulverous	Consisting of dust or powder; like powder.
Pulverulence	The state of being pulverulent; abundance of dust or powder; dustiness.
Pulverulent	Consisting of, or reducible to, fine powder; covered with dust or powder; powdery; dusty.
Pulvil	A sweet-scented powder; pulvillio.
Pulvil	To apply pulvil to.
Pulvillio	Alt. of Pulvillo
Pulvillo	A kind of perfume in the form of a powder, formerly much used, -- often in little bags.
Pulvilli	of Pulvillus
Pulvillus	One of the minute cushions on the feet of certain insects.
Pulvinar	A prominence on the posterior part of the thalamus of the human brain.
Pulvinate	Alt. of Pulvinated
Pulvinated	Curved convexly or swelled; as, a pulvinated frieze.
Pulvinated	Having the form of a cushion.
Pulvinic	Pertaining to, or designating, an acid obtained by the decomposition of vulpinic acid, as a white crystalline substance.
Pulvinuli	of Pulvinulus
Pulvinulus	Same as Pulvillus.
Puma	A large American carnivore (Felis concolor), found from Canada to Patagonia, especially among the mountains. Its color is tawny, or brownish yellow, without spots or stripes. Called also catamount, cougar, American lion, mountain lion, and panther or painter.
Pume	A stint.
Pumicated	of Pumicate
Pumicating	of Pumicate
Pumicate	To make smooth with pumice.
Pumice	A very light porous volcanic scoria, usually of a gray color, the pores of which are capillary and parallel, giving it a fibrous structure. It is supposed to be produced by the disengagement of watery vapor without liquid or plastic lava. It is much used, esp. in the form of powder, for smoothing and polishing. Called also pumice stone.
Pumiced	Affected with a kind of chronic laminitis in which there is a growth of soft spongy horn between the coffin bone and the hoof wall. The disease is called pumiced foot, or pumice foot.
Pumiceous	Of or pertaining to pumice; resembling pumice.
Pumice stone	Same as Pumice.
Pumiciform	Resembling, or having the structure of, pumice.
Pummace	Same as Pomace.
Pummel	Same as Pommel.
Pump	A low shoe with a thin sole.
Pump	An hydraulic machine, variously constructed, for raising or transferring fluids, consisting essentially of a moving piece or piston working in a hollow cylinder or other cavity, with valves properly placed for admitting or retaining the fluid as it is drawn or driven through them by the action of the piston.
Pumped	of Pump
pumping	of Pump
Pump	To raise with a pump, as water or other liquid.
Pump	To draw water, or the like, from; to from water by means of a pump; as, they pumped the well dry; to pump a ship.
Pump	Figuratively, to draw out or obtain, as secrets or money, by persistent questioning or plying; to question or ply persistently in order to elicit something, as information, money, etc.
Pump	To work, or raise water, a pump.
Pumpage	That which is raised by pumps, or the work done by pumps.
Pumper	One who pumps; the instrument or machine used in pumping.
Pumpernickel	A sort of bread, made of unbolted rye, which forms the chief food of the Westphalian peasants. It is acid but nourishing.
Pumpet	A pompet.
Pumping	a. & n. from pump.
Pumpion	See Pumpkin.
Pumpkin	A well-known trailing plant (Cucurbita pepo)  and its fruit, -- used for cooking and for feeding stock; a pompion.
Pumy	Large and rounded.
Pun	To pound.
Pun	A play on words which have the same sound but different meanings; an expression in which two different applications of a word present an odd or ludicrous idea; a kind of quibble or equivocation.
Punned	of Pun
Punning	of Pun
Pun	To make puns, or a pun; to use a word in a double sense, especially when the contrast of ideas is ludicrous; to play upon words; to quibble.
Pun	To persuade or affect by a pun.
Punch	A beverage composed of wine or distilled liquor, water (or milk), sugar, and the juice of lemon, with spice or mint; -- specifically named from the kind of spirit used; as rum punch, claret punch, champagne punch, etc.
Punch	The buffoon or harlequin of a puppet show.
Punch	A short, fat fellow; anything short and thick.
Punch	One of a breed of large, heavy draught horses; as, the Suffolk punch.
Punch	To thrust against; to poke; as, to punch one with the end of a stick or the elbow.
Punch	A thrust or blow.
Punch	A tool, usually of steel, variously shaped at one end for different uses, and either solid, for stamping or for perforating holes in metallic plates and other substances, or hollow and sharpedged, for cutting out blanks, as for buttons, steel pens, jewelry, and the like; a die.
Punch	An extension piece applied to the top of a pile; a dolly.
Punch	A prop, as for the roof of a mine.
Punched	of Punch
Punching	of Punch
Punch	To perforate or stamp with an instrument by pressure, or a blow; as, to punch a hole; to punch ticket.
Puncheon	A figured stamp, die, or punch, used by goldsmiths, cutlers, etc.
Puncheon	A short, upright piece of timber in framing; a short post; an intermediate stud.
Puncheon	A split log or heavy slab with the face smoothed; as, a floor made of puncheons.
Puncheon	A cask containing, sometimes 84, sometimes 120, gallons.
Puncher	One who, or that which, punches.
Punchin	See Puncheon.
Punchinello	A punch; a buffoon; originally, in a puppet show, a character represented as fat, short, and humpbacked.
Punchy	Short and thick, or fat.
Punctated	Alt. of Punctated
Punctated	Pointed; ending in a point or points.
Punctated	Dotted with small spots of color, or with minute depressions or pits.
Punctator	One who marks with points. specifically, one who writes Hebrew with points; -- applied to a Masorite.
Puncticular	Comprised in, or like, a point; exact.
Punctiform	Having the form of a point.
Punctilios	of Punctilio
Punctilio	A nice point of exactness in conduct, ceremony, or proceeding; particularity or exactness in forms; as, the punctilios of a public ceremony.
Punctilious	Attentive to punctilio; very nice or exact in the forms of behavior, etiquette, or mutual intercourse; precise; exact in the smallest particulars.
Punction	A puncturing, or pricking; a puncture.
Punctist	A punctator.
Puncto	A nice point of form or ceremony.
Puncto	A term applied to the point in fencing.
Punctual	Consisting in a point; limited to a point; unextended.
Punctual	Observant of nice points; punctilious; precise.
Punctual	Appearing or done at, or adhering exactly to, a regular or an appointed time; precise; prompt; as, a punctual man; a punctual payment.
Punctualist	One who is very exact in observing forms and ceremonies.
Punctuality	The quality or state of being punctual; especially, adherence to the exact time of an engagement; exactness.
Punctually	In a punctual manner; promptly; exactly.
Punctualness	Punctuality; exactness.
Punctuated	of Punctuate
Punctuating	of Punctuate
Punctuate	To mark with points; to separate into sentences, clauses, etc., by points or stops which mark the proper pauses in expressing the meaning.
Punctuation	The act or art of punctuating or pointing a writing or discourse; the art or mode of dividing literary composition into sentences, and members of a sentence, by means of points, so as to elucidate the author's meaning.
Punctuative	Of or belonging to points of division; relating to punctuation.
Punctuator	One who punctuates, as in writing; specifically, a punctator.
Punctuist	A punctator.
Punctulate	Alt. of Punctulated
Punctulated	Marked with small spots.
Punctum	A point.
Puncturation	The act or process of puncturing. See Acupuncture.
Puncture	The act of puncturing; perforating with something pointed.
Puncture	A small hole made by a point; a slight wound, bite, or sting; as, the puncture of a nail, needle, or pin.
Punctured	of Puncture
Puncturing	of Puncture
Puncture	To pierce with a small, pointed instrument, or the like; to prick; to make a puncture in; as, to puncture the skin.
Punctured	Having the surface covered with minute indentations or dots.
Punctured	Produced by puncture; having the characteristics of a puncture; as, a punctured wound.
Pundit	A learned man; a teacher; esp., a Brahman versed in the Sanskrit language, and in the science, laws, and religion of the Hindoos; in Cashmere, any clerk or native official.
Pundle	A short and fat woman; a squab.
Punese	A bedbug.
Pung	A kind of plain sleigh drawn by one horse; originally, a rude oblong box on runners.
Pungence	Pungency.
Pungency	The quality or state of being pungent or piercing; keenness; sharpness; piquancy; as, the pungency of ammonia.
Pungent	Causing a sharp sensation, as of the taste, smell, or feelings; pricking; biting; acrid; as, a pungent spice.
Pungent	Sharply painful; penetrating; poignant; severe; caustic; stinging.
Pungent	Prickly-pointed; hard and sharp.
Pungently	In a pungent manner; sharply.
Pungled	Shriveled or shrunken; -- said especially of grain which has lost its juices from the ravages of insects, such as the wheat midge, or Trips (Thrips cerealium).
Pungy	A small sloop or shallop, or a large boat with sails.
Punic	Of or pertaining to the ancient Carthaginians.
Punic	Characteristic of the ancient Carthaginians; faithless; treacherous; as, Punic faith.
Punice	See Punese.
Punice	To punish.
Puniceous	Alt. of Punicial
Punicial	Of a bright red or purple color.
Puniness	The quality or state of being puny; littleness; pettiness; feebleness.
Punished	of Punish
Punishing	of Punish
Punish	To impose a penalty upon; to afflict with pain, loss, or suffering for a crime or fault, either with or without a view to the offender's amendment; to cause to suffer in retribution; to chasten; as, to punish traitors with death; a father punishes his child for willful disobedience.
Punish	To inflict a penalty for (an offense) upon the offender; to repay, as a fault, crime, etc., with pain or loss; as, to punish murder or treason with death.
Punish	To injure, as by beating; to pommel.
Punishable	Deserving of, or liable to, punishment; capable of being punished by law or right; -- said of person or offenses.
Punisher	One who inflicts punishment.
Punishment	The act of punishing.
Punishment	Any pain, suffering, or loss inflicted on a person because of a crime or offense.
Punishment	A penalty inflicted by a court of justice on a convicted offender as a just retribution, and incidentally for the purposes of reformation and prevention.
Punition	Punishment.
Punitive	Of or pertaining to punishment; involving, awarding, or inflicting punishment; as, punitive law or justice.
Punitory	Punishing; tending to punishment; punitive.
Punk	Wood so decayed as to be dry, crumbly, and useful for tinder; touchwood.
Punk	A fungus (Polyporus fomentarius, etc.) sometimes dried for tinder; agaric.
Punk	An artificial tinder. See Amadou, and Spunk.
Punk	A prostitute; a strumpet.
Punka	A machine for fanning a room, usually a movable fanlike frame covered with canvas, and suspended from the ceiling. It is kept in motion by pulling a cord.
Punkin	A pumpkin.
Punkling	A young strumpet.
Punner	A punster.
Punnet	A broad, shallow basket, for displaying fruit or flowers.
Punnology	The art or practice of punning; paronomasia.
Punster	One who puns, or is skilled in, or given to, punning; a quibbler; a low wit.
Punt	To play at basset, baccara, faro. or omber; to gamble.
Punt	Act of playing at basset, baccara, faro, etc.
Punt	A flat-bottomed boat with square ends. It is adapted for use in shallow waters.
Punt	To propel, as a boat in shallow water, by pushing with a pole against the bottom; to push or propel (anything) with exertion.
Punt	To kick (the ball) before it touches the ground, when let fall from the hands.
Punt	The act of punting the ball.
Punter	One who punts; specifically, one who plays against the banker or dealer, as in baccara and faro.
Punter	One who punts a football; also, one who propels a punt.
Puntil	Alt. of Puntel
Puntel	See Pontee.
Punto	A point or hit.
Punty	See Pontee.
Puny	Imperfectly developed in size or vigor; small and feeble; inferior; petty.
Puny	A youth; a novice.
Puoy	Same as Poy, n., 3.
Pup	A young dog; a puppy.
Pup	a young seal.
Pupped	of Pup
Pupping	of Pup
Pup	To bring forth whelps or young, as the female of the canine species.
Pup/	of Pupa
Pupas	of Pupa
Pupa	Any insect in that stage of its metamorphosis which usually immediately precedes the adult, or imago, stage.
Pupa	A genus of air-breathing land snails having an elongated spiral shell.
Pupal	Of or pertaining to a pupa, or the condition of a pupa.
Pupate	To become a pupa.
Pupation	the act of becoming a pupa.
Pupe	A pupa.
Pupelo	Cider brandy.
Pupigerous	Bearing or containing a pupa; -- said of dipterous larvae which do not molt when the pupa is formed within them.
Pupil	The aperture in the iris; the sight, apple, or black of the eye. See the Note under Eye, and Iris.
Pupil	A youth or scholar of either sex under the care of an instructor or tutor.
Pupil	A person under a guardian; a ward.
Pupil	A boy or a girl under the age of puberty, that is, under fourteen if a male, and under twelve if a female.
Pupilage	The state of being a pupil.
Pupillarity	The period before puberty, or from birth to fourteen in males, and twelve in females.
Pupillary	Of or pertaining to a pupil or ward.
Pupillary	Of or pertaining to the pupil of the eye.
Pupillometer	An instrument for measuring the size of the pupil of the pupil of the eye.
Pupipara	A division of Diptera in which the young are born in a stage like the pupa. It includes the sheep tick, horse tick, and other parasites. Called also Homaloptera.
Pupiparous	Bearing, or containing, a pupa; -- said of the matured larvae, or larval skins, of certain Diptera.
Pupiparous	Of or pertaining to the Pupipara.
Pupivora	A group of parasitic Hymenoptera, including the ichneumon flies, which destroy the larvae and pupae of insects.
Pupivorous	Feeding on the pupae of insects.
Puplican	Publican.
Puppet	A small image in the human form; a doll.
Puppet	A similar figure moved by the hand or by a wire in a mock drama; a marionette; a wooden actor in a play.
Puppet	One controlled in his action by the will of another; a tool; -- so used in contempt.
Puppet	The upright support for the bearing of the spindle in a lathe.
Puppetish	Resembling a puppet in appearance or action; of the nature of a puppet.
Puppetman	A master of a puppet show.
Puppetry	Action or appearance resembling that of a puppet, or puppet show; hence, mere form or show; affectation.
Puppies	of Puppy
Puppy	The young of a canine animal, esp. of the common dog; a whelp.
Puppy	A name of contemptuous reproach for a conceited and impertinent person.
Puppied	of Puppy
Puppying	of Puppy
Puppy	To bring forth whelps; to pup.
Puppyhood	The time or state of being a puppy; the time of being young and undisciplined.
Puppyish	Like a puppy.
Puppyism	Extreme meanness, affectation, conceit, or impudence.
Purred	of Pur
Purring	of Pur
Pur	To utter a low, murmuring, continued sound, as a cat does when pleased.
Pur	To signify or express by purring.
Pur	The low, murmuring sound made by a cat to express contentment or pleasure.
Purana	One of a class of sacred Hindoo poetical works in the Sanskrit language which treat of the creation, destruction, and renovation of worlds, the genealogy and achievements of gods and heroes, the reigns of the Manus, and the transactions of their descendants. The principal Puranas are eighteen in number, and there are the same number of supplementary books called Upa Puranas.
Puranic	Pertaining to the Puranas.
Purbeck beds	The strata of the Purbeck stone, or Purbeck limestone, belonging to the Oolitic group. See the Chart of Geology.
Purbeck stone	A limestone from the Isle of Purbeck in England.
Purblind	Wholly blind.
Purblind	Nearsighted, or dim-sighted; seeing obscurely; as, a purblind eye; a purblind mole.
Purcelane	Purslane.
Purchasable	Capable of being bought, purchased, or obtained for a consideration; hence, venal; corrupt.
Purchased	of Purchase
Purchasing	of Purchase
Purchase	To pursue and obtain; to acquire by seeking; to gain, obtain, or acquire.
Purchase	To obtain by paying money or its equivalent; to buy for a price; as, to purchase land, or a house.
Purchase	To obtain by any outlay, as of labor, danger, or sacrifice, etc.; as, to purchase favor with flattery.
Purchase	To expiate by a fine or forfeit.
Purchase	To acquire by any means except descent or inheritance.
Purchase	To buy for a price.
Purchase	To apply to (anything) a device for obtaining a mechanical advantage; to get a purchase upon, or apply a purchase to; as, to purchase a cannon.
Purchase	To put forth effort to obtain anything; to strive; to exert one's self.
Purchase	To acquire wealth or property.
Purchase	The act of seeking, getting, or obtaining anything.
Purchase	The act of seeking and acquiring property.
Purchase	The acquisition of title to, or properly in, anything for a price; buying for money or its equivalent.
Purchase	That which is obtained, got, or acquired, in any manner, honestly or dishonestly; property; possession; acquisition.
Purchase	That which is obtained for a price in money or its equivalent.
Purchase	Any mechanical hold, or advantage, applied to the raising or removing of heavy bodies, as by a lever, a tackle, capstan, and the like; also, the apparatus, tackle, or device by which the advantage is gained.
Purchase	Acquisition of lands or tenements by other means than descent or inheritance, namely, by one's own act or agreement.
Purchaser	One who purchases; one who acquires property for a consideration, generally of money; a buyer; a vendee.
Purchaser	One who acquires an estate in lands by his own act or agreement, or who takes or obtains an estate by any means other than by descent or inheritance.
Purdah	A curtain or screen; also, a cotton fabric in blue and white stripes, used for curtains.
Pure	Separate from all heterogeneous or extraneous matter; free from mixture or combination; clean; mere; simple; unmixed; as, pure water; pure clay; pure air; pure compassion.
Pure	Free from moral defilement or quilt; hence, innocent; guileless; chaste; -- applied to persons.
Pure	Free from that which harms, vitiates, weakens, or pollutes; genuine; real; perfect; -- applied to things and actions.
Pure	Ritually clean; fitted for holy services.
Pure	Of a single, simple sound or tone; -- said of some vowels and the unaspirated consonants.
Pured	Purified; refined.
Puree	A dish made by boiling any article of food to a pulp and rubbing it through a sieve; as, a puree of fish, or of potatoes; especially, a soup the thickening of which is so treated.
Purely	In a pure manner (in any sense of the adjective).
Purely	Nicely; prettily.
Pureness	The state of being pure (in any sense of the adjective).
Purfile	A sort of ancient trimming of tinsel and thread for women's gowns; -- called also bobbinwork.
Purfle	To decorate with a wrought or flowered border; to embroider; to ornament with metallic threads; as, to purfle with blue and white.
Purfle	To ornament with a bordure of emines, furs, and the like; also, with gold studs or mountings.
Purfle	Alt. of Purflew
Purflew	A hem, border., or trimming, as of embroidered work.
Purflew	A border of any heraldic fur.
Purfled	Ornamented; decorated; esp., embroidered on the edges.
Purfling	Ornamentation on the border of a thing; specifically, the inlaid border of a musical instrument, as a violin.
Purgament	That which is excreted; excretion.
Purgament	A cathartic; a purgative.
Purgation	The act of purging; the act of clearing, cleansing, or putifying, by separating and carrying off impurities, or whatever is superfluous; the evacuation of the bowels.
Purgation	The clearing of one's self from a crime of which one was publicly suspected and accused. It was either canonical, which was prescribed by the canon law, the form whereof used in the spiritual court was, that the person suspected take his oath that he was clear of the matter objected against him, and bring his honest neighbors with him to make oath that they believes he swore truly; or vulgar, which was by fire or water ordeal, or by combat. See Ordeal.
Purgative	Having the power or quality of purging; cathartic.
Purgative	A purging medicine; a cathartic.
Purgatively	In a purgative manner.
Purgatorial	Alt. of Purgatorian
Purgatorian	Of or pertaining to purgatory; expiatory.
Purgatorian	One who holds to the doctrine of purgatory.
Purgatory	Tending to cleanse; cleansing; expiatory.
Purgatory	A state or place of purification after death; according to the Roman Catholic creed, a place, or a state believed to exist after death, in which the souls of persons are purified by expiating such offenses committed in this life as do not merit eternal damnation, or in which they fully satisfy the justice of God for sins that have been forgiven. After this purgation from the impurities of sin, the souls are believed to be received into heaven.
Purged	of Purge
Purging	of Purge
Purge	To cleanse, clear, or purify by separating and carrying off whatever is impure, heterogeneous, foreign, or superfluous.
Purge	To operate on as, or by means of, a cathartic medicine, or in a similar manner.
Purge	To clarify; to defecate, as liquors.
Purge	To clear of sediment, as a boiler, or of air, as a steam pipe, by driving off or permitting escape.
Purge	To clear from guilt, or from moral or ceremonial defilement; as, to purge one of guilt or crime.
Purge	To clear from accusation, or the charge of a crime or misdemeanor, as by oath or in ordeal.
Purge	To remove in cleansing; to deterge; to wash away; -- often followed by away.
Purge	To become pure, as by clarification.
Purge	To have or produce frequent evacuations from the intestines, as by means of a cathartic.
Purge	The act of purging.
Purge	That which purges; especially, a medicine that evacuates the intestines; a cathartic.
Purger	One who, or that which, purges or cleanses; especially, a cathartic medicine.
Purgery	The part of a sugarhouse where the molasses is drained off from the sugar.
Purging	That purges; cleansing.
Purging	The act of cleansing; excessive evacuations; especially, diarrhea.
Puri	See Euxanthin.
Purification	The act of purifying; the act or operation of separating and removing from anything that which is impure or noxious, or heterogeneous or foreign to it; as, the purification of liquors, or of metals.
Purification	The act or operation of cleansing ceremonially, by removing any pollution or defilement.
Purification	A cleansing from guilt or the pollution of sin; the extinction of sinful desires, appetites, and inclinations.
Purificative	Having power to purify; tending to cleanse.
Purificator	One who, or that which, purifies; a purifier.
Purrificatory	Serving or tending to purify; purificative.
Purifier	One who, or that which, purifies or cleanses; a cleanser; a refiner.
Puriform	In the form of pus.
Purified	of Purify
Purifying	of Purify
Purify	To make pure or clear from material defilement, admixture, or imperfection; to free from extraneous or noxious matter; as, to purify liquors or metals; to purify the blood; to purify the air.
Purify	Hence, in figurative uses: (a) To free from guilt or moral defilement; as, to purify the heart.
Purify	To free from ceremonial or legal defilement.
Purify	To free from improprieties or barbarisms; as, to purify a language.
Purify	To grow or become pure or clear.
Purim	A Jewish festival, called also the Feast of Lots, instituted to commemorate the deliverance of the Jews from the machinations of Haman.
Purism	Rigid purity; the quality of being affectedly pure or nice, especially in the choice of language; over-solicitude as to purity.
Purist	One who aims at excessive purity or nicety, esp. in the choice of language.
Purist	One who maintains that the New Testament was written in pure Greek.
Puristic	Alt. of Puristical
Puristical	Of or pertaining to purists or purism.
Puritan	One who, in the time of Queen Elizabeth and the first two Stuarts, opposed traditional and formal usages, and advocated simpler forms of faith and worship than those established by law; -- originally, a term of reproach. The Puritans formed the bulk of the early population of New England.
Puritan	One who is scrupulous and strict in his religious life; -- often used reproachfully or in contempt; one who has overstrict notions.
Puritan	Of or pertaining to the Puritans; resembling, or characteristic of, the Puritans.
Puritanic	Alt. of Puritanical
Puritanical	Of or pertaining to the Puritans, or to their doctrines and practice.
Puritanical	Precise in observance of legal or religious requirements; strict; overscrupulous; rigid; -- often used by way of reproach or contempt.
Puritanically	In a puritanical manner.
Puritanism	The doctrines, notions, or practice of Puritans.
Puritanized	of Puritanize
Puritanizing	of Puritanize
Puritanize	To agree with, or teach, the doctrines of Puritans; to conform to the practice of Puritans.
Purity	The condition of being pure.
Purity	freedom from foreign admixture or deleterious matter; as, the purity of water, of wine, of drugs, of metals.
Purity	Cleanness; freedom from foulness or dirt.
Purity	Freedom from guilt or the defilement of sin; innocence; chastity; as, purity of heart or of life.
Purity	Freedom from any sinister or improper motives or views.
Purity	Freedom from foreign idioms, or from barbarous or improper words or phrases; as, purity of style.
Purkinje's cells	Large ganglion cells forming a layer near the surface of the cerebellum.
Purl	To decorate with fringe or embroidery.
Purl	An embroidered and puckered border; a hem or fringe, often of gold or silver twist; also, a pleat or fold, as of a band.
Purl	An inversion of stitches in knitting, which gives to the work a ribbed or waved appearance.
Purled	of Purl
Purling	of Purl
Purl	To run swiftly round, as a small stream flowing among stones or other obstructions; to eddy; also, to make a murmuring sound, as water does in running over or through obstructions.
Purl	To rise in circles, ripples, or undulations; to curl; to mantle.
Purl	A circle made by the notion of a fluid; an eddy; a ripple.
Purl	A gentle murmur, as that produced by the running of a liquid among obstructions; as, the purl of a brook.
Purl	Malt liquor, medicated or spiced; formerly, ale or beer in which wormwood or other bitter herbs had been infused, and which was regarded as tonic; at present, hot beer mixed with gin, sugar, and spices.
Purl	A tern.
Purlieu	Originally, the ground near a royal forest, which, having been unlawfully added to the forest, was afterwards severed from it, and disafforested so as to remit to the former owners their rights.
Purlieu	Hence, the outer portion of any place; an adjacent district; environs; neighborhood.
Purlin	Alt. of Purline
Purline	In root construction, a horizontal member supported on the principals and supporting the common rafters.
Purling	The motion of a small stream running among obstructions; also, the murmur it makes in so doing.
Purloined	of Purloin
Purloining	of Purloin
Purloin	To take or carry away for one's self; hence, to steal; to take by theft; to filch.
Purloin	To practice theft; to steal.
Purloiner	One who purloins.
Purparty	A share, part, or portion of an estate allotted to a coparcener.
Purples	of Purple
Purple	A color formed by, or resembling that formed by, a combination of the primary colors red and blue.
Purple	Cloth dyed a purple color, or a garment of such color; especially, a purple robe, worn as an emblem of rank or authority; specifically, the purple rode or mantle worn by Roman emperors as the emblem of imperial dignity; as, to put on the imperial purple.
Purple	Hence: Imperial sovereignty; royal rank, dignity, or favor; loosely and colloquially, any exalted station; great wealth.
Purple	A cardinalate. See Cardinal.
Purple	Any species of large butterflies, usually marked with purple or blue, of the genus Basilarchia (formerly Limenitis) as, the banded purple (B. arthemis). See Illust. under Ursula.
Purple	Any shell of the genus Purpura.
Purple	See Purpura.
Purple	A disease of wheat. Same as Earcockle.
Purple	Exhibiting or possessing the color called purple, much esteemed for its richness and beauty; of a deep red, or red and blue color; as, a purple robe.
Purple	Imperial; regal; -- so called from the color having been an emblem of imperial authority.
Purple	Blood-red; bloody.
Purpled	of Purple
Purpling	of Purple
Purple	To make purple; to dye of purple or deep red color; as, hands purpled with blood.
Purpleheart	A strong, durable, and elastic wood of a purplish color, obtained from several tropical American leguminous trees of the genus Copaifera (C. pubiflora, bracteata, and officinalis). Used for decorative veneering. See Copaiba.
Purplewood	Same as Purpleheart.
Purplish	Somewhat purple.
Purport	Design or tendency; meaning; import; tenor.
Purport	Disguise; covering.
Purported	of Purport
Purporting	of Purport
Purport	To intend to show; to intend; to mean; to signify; to import; -- often with an object clause or infinitive.
Purportless	Without purport or meaning.
Purpose	That which a person sets before himself as an object to be reached or accomplished; the end or aim to which the view is directed in any plan, measure, or exertion; view; aim; design; intention; plan.
Purpose	Proposal to another; discourse.
Purpose	Instance; example.
Purposed	of Purpose
Purposing	of Purpose
Purpose	To set forth; to bring forward.
Purpose	To propose, as an aim, to one's self; to determine upon, as some end or object to be accomplished; to intend; to design; to resolve; -- often followed by an infinitive or dependent clause.
Purpose	To have a purpose or intention; to discourse.
Purposedly	In a purposed manner; according to purpose or design; purposely.
Purposeful	Important; material.
Purposeless	Having no purpose or result; objectless.
Purposely	With purpose or design; intentionally; with predetermination; designedly.
Purposer	One who brings forward or proposes anything; a proposer.
Purposer	One who forms a purpose; one who intends.
Purposive	Having or indicating purpose or design.
Purpre	Purple.
Purpresture	Wrongful encroachment upon another's property; esp., any encroachment upon, or inclosure of, that which should be common or public, as highways, rivers, harbors, forts, etc.
Purprise	A close or inclosure; the compass of a manor.
Purpura	A disease characterized by livid spots on the skin from extravasated blood, with loss of muscular strength, pain in the limbs, and mental dejection; the purples.
Purpura	A genus of marine gastropods, usually having a rough and thick shell. Some species yield a purple dye.
Purpurate	Of or pertaining to purpura.
Purpurate	A salt of purpuric acid.
Purpure	Purple, -- represented in engraving by diagonal lines declining from the right top to the left base of the escutcheon (or from sinister chief to dexter base).
Purpureal	Of a purple color; purple.
Purpureo-	A combining form signifying of a purple or purple-red color. Specif. (Chem.), used in designating certain brilliant purple-red compounds of cobaltic chloride and ammonia, similar to the roseocobaltic compounds. See Cobaltic.
Purpuric	Of or pertaining to purpura.
Purpuric	Pertaining to or designating, a nitrogenous acid contained in uric acid. It is not known in the pure state, but forms well-known purple-red compounds (as murexide), whence its name.
Purpurin	A dyestuff resembling alizarin, found in madder root, and extracted as an orange or red crystalline substance.
Purpuriparous	Producing, or connected with, a purple-colored secretion; as, the purpuriparous gland of certain gastropods.
Purpurogenous	Having the power to produce a purple color; as, the purpurogenous membrane, or choroidal epithelium, of the eye. See Visual purple, under Visual.
Purr	To murmur as a cat. See Pur.
Purr	The low murmuring sound made by a cat; pur. See Pur.
Purre	The dunlin.
Purree	A yellow coloring matter. See Euxanthin.
Purrock	See Puddock, and Parrock.
Purse	A small bag or pouch, the opening of which is made to draw together closely, used to carry money in; by extension, any receptacle for money carried on the person; a wallet; a pocketbook; a portemonnaie.
Purse	Hence, a treasury; finances; as, the public purse.
Purse	A sum of money offered as a prize, or collected as a present; as, to win the purse; to make up a purse.
Purse	A specific sum of money
Purse	In Turkey, the sum of 500 piasters.
Purse	In Persia, the sum of 50 tomans.
Pursed	of Purse
Pursing	of Purse
Purse	To put into a purse.
Purse	To draw up or contract into folds or wrinkles, like the mouth of a purse; to pucker; to knit.
Purse	To steal purses; to rob.
Pursefuls	of Purseful
Purseful	All that is, or can be, contained in a purse; enough to fill a purse.
Purse-proud	Affected with purse pride; puffed up with the possession of riches.
Purser	A commissioned officer in the navy who had charge of the provisions, clothing, and public moneys on shipboard; -- now called paymaster.
Purser	A clerk on steam passenger vessels whose duty it is to keep the accounts of the vessels, such as the receipt of freight, tickets, etc.
Purser	Colloquially, any paymaster or cashier.
Pursership	The office of purser.
Purset	A purse or purse net.
Pursiness	State of being pursy.
Pursive	Pursy.
Pursiveness	Pursiness.
Purslain	Same as Purslane.
Purslane	An annual plant (Portulaca oleracea), with fleshy, succulent, obovate leaves, sometimes used as a pot herb and for salads, garnishing, and pickling.
Pursuable	Capable of being, or fit to be, pursued, followed, or prosecuted.
Pursual	The act of pursuit.
Pursuance	The act of pursuing or prosecuting; a following out or after.
Pursuance	The state of being pursuant; consequence.
Pursuant	Acting in consequence or in prosecution (of anything); hence, agreeable; conformable; following; according; -- with to or of.
Pursuant	Alt. of Pursuantly
Pursuantly	Agreeably; conformably.
Pursued	of Pursue
Pursuing	of Pursue
Pursue	To follow with a view to overtake; to follow eagerly, or with haste; to chase; as, to pursue a hare.
Pursue	To seek; to use or adopt measures to obtain; as, to pursue a remedy at law.
Pursue	To proceed along, with a view to some and or object; to follow; to go in; as, Captain Cook pursued a new route; the administration pursued a wise course.
Pursue	To prosecute; to be engaged in; to continue.
Pursue	To follow as an example; to imitate.
Pursue	To follow with enmity; to persecute; to call to account.
Pursue	To go in pursuit; to follow.
Pursue	To go on; to proceed, especially in argument or discourse; to continue.
Pursue	To follow a matter judicially, as a complaining party; to act as a prosecutor.
Pursuer	One who pursues or chases; one who follows in haste, with a view to overtake.
Pursuer	A plaintiff; a prosecutor.
Pursuit	The act of following or going after; esp., a following with haste, either for sport or in hostility; chase; prosecution; as, the pursuit of game; the pursuit of an enemy.
Pursuit	A following with a view to reach, accomplish, or obtain; endeavor to attain to or gain; as, the pursuit of knowledge; the pursuit of happiness or pleasure.
Pursuit	Course of business or occupation; continued employment with a view to same end; as, mercantile pursuits; a literary pursuit.
Pursuit	Prosecution.
Pursuivant	A functionary of lower rank than a herald, but discharging similar duties; -- called also pursuivant at arms; an attendant of the heralds. Also used figuratively.
Pursuivant	The king's messenger; a state messenger.
Pursuivant	To pursue.
Pursy	Fat and short-breathed; fat, short, and thick; swelled with pampering; as, pursy insolence.
Purtenance	That which pertains or belongs to something; esp., the heard, liver, and lungs of an animal.
Purrulence	Alt. of Purulency
Purulency	The quality or state of being purulent; the generation of pus; also, the pus itself.
Purulent	Consisting of pus, or matter; partaking of the nature of pus; attended with suppuration; as, purulent inflammation.
Purulently	In a purulent manner.
Purveance	Alt. of Purveiaunce
Purveiaunce	Purveyance.
Purveyed	of Purvey
Purveying	of Purvey
Purvey	To furnish or provide, as with a convenience, provisions, or the like.
Purvey	To procure; to get.
Purvey	To purchase provisions; to provide; to make provision.
Purvey	To pander; -- with to.
Purveyance	The act or process of providing or procuring; providence; foresight; preparation; management.
Purveyance	That which is provided; provisions; food.
Purveyance	A providing necessaries for the sovereign by buying them at an appraised value in preference to all others, and oven without the owner's consent. This was formerly a royal prerogative, but has long been abolished.
Purveyor	One who provides victuals, or whose business is to make provision for the table; a victualer; a caterer.
Purveyor	An officer who formerly provided, or exacted provision, for the king's household.
Purveyor	a procurer; a pimp; a bawd.
Purview	The body of a statute, or that part which begins with " Be it enacted, " as distinguished from the preamble.
Purview	The limit or scope of a statute; the whole extent of its intention or provisions.
Purview	Limit or sphere of authority; scope; extent.
Pus	The yellowish white opaque creamy matter produced by the process of suppuration. It consists of innumerable white nucleated cells floating in a clear liquid.
Pusane	A piece of armor for the breast; often, an addition to, or reenforcement of. the breastplate; -- called also pesane.
Puseyism	The principles of Dr. Pusey and others at Oxford, England, as exhibited in various publications, esp. in a series which appeared from 1833 to 1841, designated " Tracts for the Times;" tractarianism. See Tractarianism.
Puseyistic	Alt. of Puseyite
Puseyite	Of or pertaining to Puseyism.
Puseyite	One who holds the principles of Puseyism; -- often used opprobriously.
Push	A pustule; a pimple.
Pushed	of Push
Pushing	of Push
Push	To press against with force; to drive or impel by pressure; to endeavor to drive by steady pressure, without striking; -- opposed to draw.
Push	To thrust the points of the horns against; to gore.
Push	To press or urge forward; to drive; to push an objection too far.
Push	To bear hard upon; to perplex; to embarrass.
Push	To importune; to press with solicitation; to tease.
Push	To make a thrust; to shove; as, to push with the horns or with a sword.
Push	To make an advance, attack, or effort; to be energetic; as, a man must push in order to succeed.
Push	To burst pot, as a bud or shoot.
Push	A thrust with a pointed instrument, or with the end of a thing.
Push	Any thrust. pressure, impulse, or force, or force applied; a shove; as, to give the ball the first push.
Push	An assault or attack; an effort; an attempt; hence, the time or occasion for action.
Push	The faculty of overcoming obstacles; aggressive energy; as, he has push, or he has no push.
Pusher	One who, or that which, pushes.
Pushing	Pressing forward in business; enterprising; driving; energetic; also, forward; officious, intrusive.
Pushpin	A child's game played with pins.
Pusil	Very small; little; petty.
Pusillanimity	The quality of being pusillanimous; weakness of spirit; cowardliness.
Pusillanimous	Destitute of a manly or courageous strength and firmness of mind; of weak spirit; mean-spirited; spiritless; cowardly; -- said of persons, as, a pussillanimous prince.
Pusillanimous	Evincing, or characterized by, weakness of mind, and want of courage; feeble; as, pusillanimous counsels.
Pusillanimously	With pusillanimity.
Pusley	Purslane.
Puss	A cat; -- a fondling appellation.
Puss	A hare; -- so called by sportsmen.
Pussy	A pet name for a cat; also, an endearing name for a girl.
Pussy	A catkin of the pussy willow.
Pussy	The game of tipcat; -- also called pussy cat.
Pussy	See Pursy.
Pustulant	Producing pustules.
Pustulant	A medicine that produces pustules, as croton oil.
Pustular	Of or pertaining to pustules; as, pustular prominences; pustular eruptions.
Pustular	Covered with pustulelike prominences; pustulate.
Pustulate	To form into pustules, or blisters.
Pustulate	Alt. of Pustulated
Pustulated	Covered with pustulelike prominences; pustular; pustulous; as, a pustulate leaf; a pustulate shell or coral.
Pustulation	The act of producing pustules; the state of being pustulated.
Pustule	A vesicle or an elevation of the cuticle with an inflamed base, containing pus.
Pustulous	Resembling, or covered with, pustules; pustulate; pustular.
Put	A pit.
Put	3d pers. sing. pres. of Put, contracted from putteth.
Put	A rustic; a clown; an awkward or uncouth person.
Put	of Put
Putting	of Put
Put	To move in any direction; to impel; to thrust; to push; -- nearly obsolete, except with adverbs, as with by (to put by = to thrust aside; to divert); or with forth (to put forth = to thrust out).
Put	To bring to a position or place; to place; to lay; to set; figuratively, to cause to be or exist in a specified relation, condition, or the like; to bring to a stated mental or moral condition; as, to put one in fear; to put a theory in practice; to put an enemy to fight.
Put	To attach or attribute; to assign; as, to put a wrong construction on an act or expression.
Put	To lay down; to give up; to surrender.
Put	To set before one for judgment, acceptance, or rejection; to bring to the attention; to offer; to state; to express; figuratively, to assume; to suppose; -- formerly sometimes followed by that introducing a proposition; as, to put a question; to put a case.
Put	To incite; to entice; to urge; to constrain; to oblige.
Put	To throw or cast with a pushing motion "overhand," the hand being raised from the shoulder; a practice in athletics; as, to put the shot or weight.
Put	To convey coal in the mine, as from the working to the tramway.
Put	To go or move; as, when the air first puts up.
Put	To steer; to direct one's course; to go.
Put	To play a card or a hand in the game called put.
Put	The act of putting; an action; a movement; a thrust; a push; as, the put of a ball.
Put	A certain game at cards.
Put	A privilege which one party buys of another to "put" (deliver) to him a certain amount of stock, grain, etc., at a certain price and date.
Put	A prostitute.
Putage	Prostitution or fornication on the part of a woman.
Putamen	The shell of a nut; the stone of a drupe fruit. See Endocarp.
Putanism	Habitual lewdness or prostitution of a woman; harlotry.
Putative	Commonly thought or deemed; supposed; reputed; as, the putative father of a child.
Putchuck	Same as Pachak.
Puteal	An inclosure surrounding a well to prevent persons from falling into it; a well curb.
Puteli	Same as Patela.
Putery	Putage.
Putid	Rotten; fetid; stinking; base; worthless. Jer. Taylor.
Putidity	Alt. of Putidness
Putidness	The quality or state of being putrid.
Putlog	One of the short pieces of timber on which the planks forming the floor of a scaffold are laid, -- one end resting on the ledger of the scaffold, and the other in a hole left in the wall temporarily for the purpose.
Put-off	A shift for evasion or delay; an evasion; an excuse.
Putour	A keeper of a brothel; a procurer.
Putredinous	Proceeding from putrefaction, or partaking of the putrefactive process; having an offensive smell; stinking; rotten.
Putrefaction	The act or the process of putrefying; the offensive decay of albuminous or other matter.
Putrefaction	The condition of being putrefied; also, that which putrefied.
Putrefactive	Of or pertaining to putrefaction; as, the putrefactive smell or process.
Putrefactive	Causing, or tending to promote, putrefaction.
Putrefied	of Putrefy
Putrefying	of Putrefy
Putrefy	To render putrid; to cause to decay offensively; to cause to be decomposed; to cause to rot.
Putrefy	To corrupt; to make foul.
Putrefy	To make morbid, carious, or gangrenous; as, to putrefy an ulcer or wound.
Putrefy	To become putrid; to decay offensively; to rot.
Putrescence	The state of being putrescent; putrescent matter.
Putrescent	Becoming putrid or rotten.
Putrescent	Of or pertaining to the process of putrefaction; as, a putrescent smell.
Putrescible	Capable of putrefaction; liable to become putrid; as, putrescible substances.
Putrescible	A substance, usually nitrogenous, which is liable to undergo decomposition when in contact with air and moisture at ordinary temperatures.
Putrescin	A nontoxic diamine, C4H12N2, formed in the putrefaction of the flesh of mammals and some other animals.
Putrid	Tending to decomposition or decay; decomposed; rotten; -- said of animal or vegetable matter; as, putrid flesh. See Putrefaction.
Putrid	Indicating or proceeding from a decayed state of animal or vegetable matter; as, a putrid smell.
Putridity	The quality of being putrid; putrefaction; rottenness.
Putridness	Putridity.
Putrifacted	Putrefied.
Putrification	Putrefaction.
Putrify	To putrefy.
Putrilage	That which is undergoing putrefaction; the products of putrefaction.
Putry	Putrid.
Putry	Putage.
Putter	One who puts or plates.
Putter	Specifically, one who pushes the small wagons in a coal mine, and the like.
Puttered	of Putter
Puttering	of Putter
Putter	To act inefficiently or idly; to trifle; to potter.
Putter-on	An instigator.
Puttier	One who putties; a glazier.
Putting	The throwing of a heavy stone, shot, etc., with the hand raised or extended from the shoulder; -- originally, a Scottish game.
Puttock	The European kite.
Puttock	The buzzard.
Puttock	The marsh harrier.
Puttock	See Futtock.
Putty	A kind of thick paste or cement compounded of whiting, or soft carbonate of lime, and linseed oil, when applied beaten or kneaded to the consistence of dough, -- used in fastening glass in sashes, stopping crevices, and for similar purposes.
Puttied	of Putty
Puttying	of Putty
Putty	To cement, or stop, with putty.
Putty-faced	White-faced; -- used contemptuously.
Puttyroot	An American orchidaceous plant (Aplectrum hyemale) which flowers in early summer. Its slender naked rootstock produces each year a solid corm, filled with exceedingly glutinous matter, which sends up later a single large oval evergreen plaited leaf. Called also Adam-and-Eve.
Put-up	Arranged; plotted; -- in a bad sense; as, a put-up job.
Puy	See Poy.
Puzzel	A harlot; a drab; a hussy.
Puzzle	Something which perplexes or embarrasses; especially, a toy or a problem contrived for testing ingenuity; also, something exhibiting marvelous skill in making.
Puzzle	The state of being puzzled; perplexity; as, to be in a puzzle.
Puzzled	of Puzzle
Puzzling	of Puzzle
Puzzle	To perplex; to confuse; to embarrass; to put to a stand; to nonplus.
Puzzle	To make intricate; to entangle.
Puzzle	To solve by ingenuity, as a puzzle; -- followed by out; as, to puzzle out a mystery.
Puzzle	To be bewildered, or perplexed.
Puzzle	To work, as at a puzzle; as, to puzzle over a problem.
Puzzledom	The domain of puzzles; puzzles, collectively.
Puzzle-headed	Having the head full of confused notions.
Puzzlement	The state of being puzzled; perplexity.
Puzzier	One who, or that which, puzzles or perplexes.
Puzzlingly	In a puzzling manner.
Puzzolan	Alt. of Puzzolana
Puzzolana	See Pozzuolana.
Pyaemia	A form of blood poisoning produced by the absorption into the blood of morbid matters usually originating in a wound or local inflammation. It is characterized by the development of multiple abscesses throughout the body, and is attended with irregularly recurring chills, fever, profuse sweating, and exhaustion.
Pyaemic	Of or pertaining to pyaemia; of the nature of pyaemia.
Pycnaspidean	Having the posterior side of the tarsus covered with small irregular scales; -- said of certain birds.
Pycnidia	of Pycnidium
Pycnidium	In certain fungi, a flask-shaped cavity from the surface of the inner walls of which spores are produced.
Pycnite	A massive subcolumnar variety of topaz.
Pycnodont	Any fossil fish belonging to the Pycnodontini. They have numerous round, flat teeth, adapted for crushing.
Pycnodontini	An extinct order of ganoid fishes. They had a compressed body, covered with dermal ribs (pleurolepida) and with enameled rhomboidal scales.
Pycnogonid	One of the Pycnogonida.
Pycnogonida	A class of marine arthropods in which the body is small and thin, and the eight legs usually very long; -- called also Pantopoda.
Pycnometer	A specific gravity bottle; a standard flask for measuring and comparing the densities of liquids.
Pycnostyle	See under Intercolumniation.
Pycnostyle	A pycnostyle colonnade.
Pye	See 2d Pie (b).
Pyebald	See Piebald.
Pyelitis	Inflammation of the pelvis of the kidney.
Pyemia	See PyAemia.
Pyet	A magpie; a piet.
Pygal	Situated in the region of the rump, or posterior end of the backbone; -- applied especially to the posterior median plates in the carapace of chelonians.
Pygarg	Alt. of Pygargus
Pygargus	A quadruped, probably the addax, an antelope having a white rump.
Pygargus	The female of the hen harrier.
Pygargus	The sea eagle.
Pygidia	of Pygidium
Pygidium	The caudal plate of trilobites, crustacean, and certain insects. See Illust. of Limulus and Trilobite.
Pygmy	Alt. of Pygmean
Pygmean	Of or pertaining to a pygmy; resembling a pygmy or dwarf; dwarfish; very small.
Pygmies	of Pygmy
Pygmy	One of a fabulous race of dwarfs who waged war with the cranes, and were destroyed.
Pygmy	Hence, a short, insignificant person; a dwarf.
Pygobranchia	A division of opisthobranchiate mollusks having the branchiae in a wreath or group around the anal opening, as in the genus Doris.
Pygopod	One of the Pygopodes.
Pygopod	Any species of serpentiform lizards of the family Pygopodidae, which have rudimentary hind legs near the anal cleft, but lack fore legs.
Pygropodes	A division of swimming birds which includes the grebes, divers, auks, etc., in which the legs are placed far back.
Pygopodous	Of or pertaining to the Pygopodes.
Pygostyle	The plate of bone which forms the posterior end of the vertebral column in most birds; the plowshare bone; the vomer. It is formed by the union of a number of the last caudal vertebrae, and supports the uropigium.
Pyin	An albuminoid constituent of pus, related to mucin, possibly a mixture of substances rather than a single body.
Pyjama	In India and Persia, thin loose trowsers or drawers; in Europe and America, drawers worn at night, or a kind of nightdress with legs.
Pykar	An ancient English fishing boat.
Pylae	of Pyla
Pylas	of Pyla
Pyla	The passage between the iter and optocoele in the brain.
Pylagore	a deputy of a State at the Amphictyonic council.
Pylangia	of Pylangium
Pylangium	The first and undivided part of the aortic trunk in the amphibian heart.
Pylon	A low tower, having a truncated pyramidal form, and flanking an ancient Egyptian gateway.
Pylon	An Egyptian gateway to a large building (with or without flanking towers).
Pyloric	Of, pertaining to, or in the region of, the pylorus; as, the pyloric end of the stomach.
Pylori	of Pylorus
Pylorus	The opening from the stomach into the intestine.
Pylorus	A posterior division of the stomach in some invertebrates.
Pyne	See Pine.
Pynoun	A pennant.
Pyocyanin	A blue coloring matter found in the pus from old sores, supposed to be formed through the agency of a species of bacterium (Bacillus pyocyaneus).
Pyogenic	Producing or generating pus.
Pyoid	Of or pertaining to pus; of the nature of, or like, pus.
Pyopneumothorax	Accumulation of air, or other gas, and of pus, in the pleural cavity.
Pyot	The magpie. See Piet.
Pyoxanthose	A greenish yellow crystalline coloring matter found with pyocyanin in pus.
Pyracanth	The evergreen thorn (Crataegus Pyracantha), a shrub native of Europe.
Pyral	Of or pertaining to a pyre.
Pyralid	Any moth of the family Pyralidae. The species are numerous and mostly small, but some of them are very injurious, as the bee moth, meal moth, hop moth, and clover moth.
Pyramid	A solid body standing on a triangular, square, or polygonal base, and terminating in a point at the top; especially, a structure or edifice of this shape.
Pyramid	A solid figure contained by a plane rectilineal figure as base and several triangles which have a common vertex and whose bases are sides of the base.
Pyramid	The game of pool in which the balls are placed in the form of a triangle at spot.
Pyramidal	Of or pertaining to a pyramid; in the form of a a pyramid; pyramidical; as, pyramidal cleavage.
Pyramidal	Same as Tetragonal.
Pyramidal	One of the carpal bones. See Cuneiform, n., 2 (b).
Pyramidally	Like a pyramid.
Pyramidic	Alt. of Pyramidical
Pyramidical	Of or pertaining to a pyramid; having the form of a pyramid; pyramidal.
Pyramidia	of Pyramidion
Pyramidion	The small pyramid which crowns or completes an obelisk.
Pyramidoid	A solid resembling a pyramid; -- called also pyramoid.
Pyramides	of Pyramis
Pyramis	A pyramid.
Pyramoid	See Pyramidoid.
Pyrargyrite	Ruby silver; dark red silver ore. It is a sulphide of antimony and silver, occurring in rhombohedral crystals or massive, and is of a dark red or black color with a metallic adamantine luster.
Pyre	A funeral pile; a combustible heap on which the dead are burned; hence, any pile to be burnt.
Pyrenae	of Pyrena
Pyrena	A nutlet resembling a seed, or the kernel of a drupe.
Pyrene	One of the less volatile hydrocarbons of coal tar, obtained as a white crystalline substance, C16H10.
Pyrene	Same as Pyrena.
Pyrenean	Of or pertaining to the Pyrenees, a range of mountains separating France and Spain.
Pyrenean	The Pyrenees.
Pyrenoid	A transparent body found in the chromatophores of certain Infusoria.
Pyrethrin	A substance resembling, and isomeric with, ordinary camphor, and extracted from the essential oil of feverfew; -- called also Pyrethrum camphor.
Pyrethrine	An alkaloid extracted from the root of the pellitory of Spain (Anacyclus pyrethrum).
Pyretic	Of or pertaining to fever; febrile.
Pyretology	A discourse or treatise on fevers; the doctrine of fevers.
Pyrexiae	of Pyrexia
Pyrexia	The febrile condition.
Pyrexial	Alt. of Pyrexical
Pyrexical	Of or pertaining to fever; feverish.
Pyrgom	A variety of pyroxene; -- called also fassaite.
Pyrheliometer	An instrument for measuring the direct heating effect of the sun's rays.
Pyridic	Related to, or formed from, pyridin or its homologues; as, the pyridic bases.
Pyridine	A nitrogenous base, C5H5N, obtained from the distillation of bone oil or coal tar, and by the decomposition of certain alkaloids, as a colorless liquid with a peculiar pungent odor. It is the nucleus of a large number of organic substances, among which several vegetable alkaloids, as nicotine and certain of the ptomaines, may be mentioned. See Lutidine.
Pyridyl	A hypothetical radical, C5H4N, regarded as the essential residue of pyridine, and analogous to phenyl.
Pyriform	Having the form of a pear; pear-shaped.
Pyritaceous	Of or pertaining to pyrites. See Pyritic.
Pyrites	of Pyrite
Pyrite	A common mineral of a pale brass-yellow color and brilliant metallic luster, crystallizing in the isometric system; iron pyrites; iron disulphide.
Pyrites	A name given to a number of metallic minerals, sulphides of iron, copper, cobalt, nickel, and tin, of a white or yellowish color.
Pyritic	Alt. of Pyritical
Pyritical	Of or pertaining to pyrites; consisting of, or resembling, pyrites.
Pyritiferous	Containing or producing pyrites.
Pyritize	To convert into pyrites.
Pyritohedral	Like pyrites in hemihedral form.
Pyritohedron	The pentagonal dodecahedron, a common form of pyrite.
Pyritoid	Pyritohedron.
Pyritology	The science of blowpipe analysis.
Pyritous	Pyritic.
Pyro-	Alt. of Pyr-
Pyr-	Combining forms designating fire or heat; specifically (Chem.), used to imply an actual or theoretical derivative by the action of heat; as in pyrophosphoric, pyrosulphuric, pyrotartaric, pyrotungstic, etc.
Pyro	Abbreviation of pyrogallic acid.
Pyroacetic	Pertaining to, and designating, a substance (acetone) obtained by the distillation of the acetates. It is now called also pyroacetic ether, and formerly was called pyroacetic spirit.
Pyroacid	An acid obtained by sybjecting another acid to the action of heat.  Cf. Pyro-.
Pyroantimonate	A salt of pyroantimonic acid.
Pyroantimonic	Pertaining to, or designating, an acid of antimony analogous to pyrophosphoric acid.
Pyroarsenate	A salt of pyroarsenic acid.
Pyroarsenic	Pertaining to or designating, an acid of arsenic analogous to pyrophosphoric acid.
Pyroborate	A salt of pyroboric acid.
Pyroboric	Pertaining to derived from, or designating, an acid, H2B4O7 (called also tetraboric acid), which is the acid ingredient of ordinary borax, and is obtained by heating boric acid.
Pyrocatechin	A white crystalline substance, C6H4(OH)2, of the phenol series, found in various plants; -- so called because first obtained by distillation of gum catechu. Called also catechol, oxyphenol. etc.
Pyrochlore	A niobate of calcium, cerium, and other bases, occurring usually in octahedrons of a yellowish or brownish color and resinous luster; -- so called from its becoming grass-green on being subjected to heat under the blowpipe.
Pyrocitric	Pertaining to, or designating, any one of three acids obtained by the distillation of citric acid, and called respectively citraconic, itaconic, and mesaconic acid.
Purocoll	A yellow crystalline substance allied to pyrrol, obtained by the distillation of gelatin.
Pyroelectric	Pertaining to, or dependent on, pyroelectricity; receiving electric polarity when heated.
Pyroelectric	A substance which becomes electrically polar when heated, exhibiting opposite charges of statical electricity at two separate parts, especially the two extremities.
Pyroelectricity	Electricity developed by means of heat; the science which treats of electricity thus developed.
Pyrogallate	A salt of pyrogallic acid; an ether of pyrogallol.
Pyrogallic	Pertaining to, derived from, or designating, an acid called pyrogallol. See Pyrogallol.
Pyrogallol	A phenol metameric with phloroglucin, obtained by the distillation of gallic acid as a poisonous white crystalline substance having acid properties, and hence called also pyrogallic acid. It is a strong reducer, and is used as a developer in photography and in the production of certain dyes.
Pyrogen	Electricity.
Pyrogen	A poison separable from decomposed meat infusions, and supposed to be formed from albuminous matter through the agency of bacteria.
Pyrogenic	Producing heat; -- said of substances, as septic poisons, which elevate the temperature of the body and cause fever.
Pyrogenous	Produced by fire; igneous.
Pyrognostic	Of or pertaining to characters developed by the use of heat; pertaining to the characters of minerals when examined before the blowpipe; as, the pyrognostic characters of galena.
Pyrognostics	The characters of a mineral observed by the use of the blowpipe, as the degree of fusibility, flame coloration, etc.
Pyrography	A process of printing, ornamenting, or carving, by burning with heated instruments.
Pyrolator	A fire worshiper.
Pyrolatry	The worship of fire.
Pyroligneous	Alt. of Pyrolignic
Pyrolignic	Pertaining to, or designating, the acid liquid obtained in the distillation of wood, consisting essentially of impure acetic acid.
Pyrolignous	Same as Pyroligneous.
Pyrolithic	Same as Pyrouric, or Cyanuric.
Pyrologist	One who is versed in, or makes a study of, pyrology.
Pyrology	That branch of physical science which treats of the properties, phenomena, or effects of heat; also, a treatise on heat.
Pyrolusite	Manganese dioxide, a mineral of an iron-black or dark steel-gray color and metallic luster, usually soft.  Pyrolusite parts with its oxygen at a red heat, and is extensively used in discharging the brown and green tints of glass (whence its name).
Pyromagnetic	Acting by the agency of heat and magnetism; as, a pyromagnetic machine for producing electric currents.
Pyromalate	A salt of pyromalic acid.
Pyromalic	Pertaining to, or designating, an acid now called maleic acid.
Pyromancy	Divination by means of fire.
Pyromania	An insane disposition to incendiarism.
Pyromantic	Of or pertaining to pyromancy.
Pyromantic	One who pretends to divine by fire.
Pyrometer	An instrument used for measuring the expansion of solid bodies by heat.
Pyrometer	An instrument for measuring degrees of heat above those indicated by the mercurial thermometer.
Pyrometric	Alt. of Pyrometrical
Pyrometrical	Pertaining to, or obtained by, the pyrometer; as, pyrometrical instruments; pyrometrical measurements.
Pyrometry	The art of measuring degrees of heat, or the expansion of bodies by heat.
Pyromorphite	Native lead phosphate with lead chloride, occurring in bright green and brown hexagonal crystals and also massive; -- so called because a fused globule crystallizes in cooling.
Pyromorphous	Having the property of crystallizing by the agency of fire.
Pyromucate	A salt of pyromucic acid.
Pyromucic	Pertaining to, derived from, or designating, an acid obtained as a white crystalline substance by the distillation of mucic acid, or by the oxidation of furfurol.
Pyronomics	The science of heat.
Pyrope	A variety of garnet, of a poppy or blood-red color, frequently with a tinge of orange. It is used as a gem. See the Note under Garnet.
Pyrophane	A mineral which is opaque in its natural state, but is said to change its color and become transparent by heat.
Pyrophanous	Rendered transparent by heat.
Pyrophone	A musical instrument in which the tones are produced by flames of hydrogen, or illuminating gas, burning in tubes of different sizes and lengths.
Pyrophoric	Alt. of Pyrophorous
Pyrophorous	Light-producing; of or pertaining to pyrophorus.
Pyrophorus	Any one of several substances or mixtures which phosphoresce or ignite spontaneously on exposure to air, as a heated mixture of alum, potash, and charcoal, or a mixture of charcoal and finely divided lead.
Pyrophosphate	A salt of pyrophosphoric acid.
Pyrophosphoric	Pertaining to, or designating, an acid, H4P2O7, which is obtained as a white crystalline substance. Its salts are obtained by heating the phosphates.
Pyrophyllite	A mineral, usually of a white or greenish color and pearly luster, consisting chiefly of the hydrous silicate of alumina.
Pyroscope	An instrument for measuring the intensity of heat radiating from a fire, or the cooling influence of bodies. It is a differential thermometer, having one bulb coated with gold or silver leaf.
Pyrosis	See Water brash, under Brash.
Pyrosmalite	A mineral, usually of a pale brown or of a gray or grayish green color, consisting chiefly of the hydrous silicate of iron and manganese; -- so called from the odor given off before the blowpipe.
Pyrosome	Any compound ascidian of the genus Pyrosoma. The pyrosomes form large hollow cylinders, sometimes two or three feet long, which swim at the surface of the sea and are very phosphorescent.
Pyrosulphate	A salt of pyrosulphuric acid.
Pyrosulphuric	Pertaining to, or designating, an acid called also disulphuric acid) obtained by distillation of certain sulphates, as a colorless, thick, oily liquid, H2S2O7 resembling sulphuric acid. It is used in the solution of indigo, in the manufacture of alizarin, and in dehydration.
Pyrotartaric	Pertaining to, or designating, an acid obtained as a white crystalline substance by the distillation of tartaric acid.
Pyrotartrate	A salt of pyrotartaric acid.
Pyrotechnian	A pyrotechnist.
Pyrotechnic	Alt. of Pyrotechnical
Pyrotechnical	Of or pertaining to fireworks, or the art of forming them.
Pyrotechnician	A pyrotechnist.
Pyrotechnics	The art of making fireworks; the manufacture and use of fireworks; pyrotechny.
Pyrotechnist	One skilled in pyrotechny; one who manufactures fireworks.
Pyrotechny	The use and application of fire in science and the arts.
Pyrotechny	Same as Pyrotechnics.
Pyrothonide	A kind of empyreumatic oil produced by the combustion of textures of hemp, linen, or cotton in a copper vessel, -- formerly used as a remedial agent.
Pyrotic	Caustic. See Caustic.
Pyrotic	A caustic medicine.
Pyrotritartaric	Designating an acid which is more commonly called uric acid.
Pyrotungstic	Polytungstic. See Metatungstic.
Pyrouric	Pertaining to, or designating, an acid now called cyanuric acid. See Cyanuric.
Pyrovanadic	Pertaining to, or designating, an acid of vanadium, analogous to pyrophosphoric acid.
Pyroxanthin	A yellow crystalline hydrocardon extracted from crude wood spirit; -- called also eblanin.
Pyroxene	A common mineral occurring in monoclinic crystals, with a prismatic angle of nearly 90¡, and also in massive forms which are often laminated. It varies in color from white to dark green and black, and includes many varieties differing in color and composition, as diopside, malacolite, salite, coccolite, augite, etc. They are all silicates of lime and magnesia with sometimes alumina and iron. Pyroxene is an essential constituent of many rocks, especially basic igneous rocks, as basalt, gabbro, etc.
Pyroxenic	Containing pyroxene; composed chiefly of pyroxene.
Pyroxenite	A rock consisting essentially of pyroxene.
Pyroxylic	Derived from wood by distillation; -- formerly used in designating crude wood spirit.
Pyroxylin	A substance resembling gun cotton in composition and properties, but distinct in that it is more highly nitrified and is soluble in alcohol, ether, etc.; -- called also pyroxyle.
Pyrrhic	Of or pertaining to an ancient Greek martial dance.
Pyrrhic	Of or pertaining to a pyrrhic, or to pyrrhics; containing pyrrhic; as, a pyrrhic verse.
Pyrrhic	An ancient Greek martial dance, to the accompaniment of the flute, its time being very quick.
Pyrrhic	A foot consisting of two short syllables.
Pyrrhicist	One two danced the pyrrhic.
Pyrrhonean	Alt. of Pyrrhonic
Pyrrhonic	Of or pertaining to pyrrhonism.
Pyrrhonism	Skepticism; universal doubt.
Pyrrhonist	A follower of Pyrrho; a skeptic.
Pyrrhotine	Alt. of Pyrrhotite
Pyrrhotite	A bronze-colored mineral, of metallic luster. It is a sulphide of iron, and is remarkable for being attracted by the magnet. Called also magnetic pyrites.
Pyrrol	A nitrogenous base found in coal tar, bone oil, and other distillates of organic substances, and also produced synthetically as a colorless liquid, C4H5N, having on odor like that of chloroform. It is the nucleus and origin of a large number of derivatives. So called because it colors a splinter of wood moistened with hydrochloric acid a deep red.
Pyrroline	A nitrogenous base, C4H7N, obtained as a colorless liquid by the reduction of pyrrol.
Pyrula	A genus of large marine gastropods. having a pear-shaped shell. It includes the fig-shells. See Illust. in Appendix.
Pyruric	Same as Pyrouric.
Pyrus	A genus of rosaceous trees and shrubs having pomes for fruit. It includes the apple, crab apple, pear, chokeberry, sorb, and mountain ash.
Pyruvic	Pertaining to, or designating, an acid (called also pyroracemic acid) obtained, as a liquid having a pungent odor, by the distillation of racemic acid.
Pyruvil	A complex nitrogenous compound obtained by heating together pyruvic acid and urea.
Pythagorean	Of or pertaining to Pythagoras (a Greek philosopher, born about 582 b. c.), or his philosophy.
Pythagorean	A follower of Pythagoras; one of the school of philosophers founded by Pythagoras.
Pythagoreanism	The doctrines of Pythagoras or the Pythagoreans.
Pythagoric	Alt. of Pythagorical
Pythagorical	See Pythagorean, a.
Pythagorism	The doctrines taught by Pythagoras.
Pythagorized	of Pythagorize
Pythagorizing	of Pythagorize
Pythagorize	To speculate after the manner of Pythagoras.
Pythiad	The period intervening between one celebration of the Pythian games and the next.
Pythian	Of or pertaining to Delphi, to the temple of Apollo, or to the priestess of Apollo, who delivered oracles at Delphi.
Pythocenic	Producing decomposition, as diseases which are supposed to be accompanied or caused by decomposition.
Python	Any species of very large snakes of the genus Python, and allied genera, of the family Pythonidae. They are nearly allied to the boas. Called also rock snake.
Python	A diviner by spirits.
Pythoness	The priestess who gave oracular answers at Delphi in Greece.
Pythoness	Any woman supposed to have a spirit of divination; a sort of witch.
Pythonic	Prophetic; oracular; pretending to foretell events.
Pythonism	The art of predicting events after the manner of the priestess of Apollo at Delphi; equivocal prophesying.
Pythonist	A conjurer; a diviner.
Pythonomorpha	Same as Mosasauria.
Pyuria	A morbid condition in which pus is discharged in the urine.
Pyx	The box, case, vase, or tabernacle, in which the host is reserved.
Pyx	A box used in the British mint as a place of deposit for certain sample coins taken for a trial of the weight and fineness of metal before it is sent from the mint.
Pyx	The box in which the compass is suspended; the binnacle.
Pyx	Same as Pyxis.
Pyx	To test as to weight and fineness, as the coins deposited in the pyx.
Pyxidate	Having a pyxidium.
Pyxidia	of Pyxidium
Pyxidium	A pod which divides circularly into an upper and lower half, of which the former acts as a kind of lid, as in the pimpernel and purslane.
Pyxidium	The theca of mosses.
Pyxle	Same as Pixy.
Pyxis	A box; a pyx.
Pyxis	A pyxidium.
Pyxis	The acetabulum. See Acetabulum, 2.
