Q	the seventeenth letter of the English alphabet, has but one sound (that of k), and is always followed by u, the two letters together being sounded like kw, except in some words in which the u is silent. See Guide to Pronunciation, / 249. Q is not found in Anglo-Saxon, cw being used instead of qu; as in cwic, quick; cwen, queen. The name (k/) is from the French ku, which is from the Latin name of the same letter; its form is from the Latin, which derived it, through a Greek alphabet, from the Ph/nician, the ultimate origin being Egyptian.
Qua	In so far as; in the capacity or character of; as.
Quab	An unfledged bird; hence, something immature or unfinished.
Quab	See Quob, v. i.
Qua-bird	The American night heron. See under Night.
Quacha	The quagga.
Qvacked	of Quack
Quacking	of Quack
Quack	To utter a sound like the cry of a duck.
Quack	To make vain and loud pretensions; to boast.
Quack	To act the part of a quack, or pretender.
Quack	The cry of the duck, or a sound in imitation of it; a hoarse, quacking noise.
Quack	A boastful pretender to medical skill; an empiric; an ignorant practitioner.
Quack	Hence, one who boastfully pretends to skill or knowledge of any kind not possessed; a charlatan.
Quack	Pertaining to or characterized by, boasting and pretension; used by quacks; pretending to cure diseases; as, a quack medicine; a quack doctor.
Quackeries	of Quackery
Quackery	The acts, arts, or boastful pretensions of a quack; false pretensions to any art; empiricism.
Quack grass	See Quitch grass.
Quackish	Like a quack; boasting; characterized by quackery.
Quackism	Quackery.
Quackled	of Quackle
Quackling	of Quackle
Quackle	To suffocate; to choke.
Quacksalver	One who boasts of his skill in medicines and salves, or of the efficacy of his prescriptions; a charlatan; a quack; a mountebank.
Quad	Alt. of Quade
Quade	Evil; bad; baffling; as, a quade wind.
Quad	A quadrat.
Quad	A quadrangle; hence, a prison.
Quadrae	of Quadra
Quadra	The plinth, or lowest member, of any pedestal, podium, water table, or the like.
Quadra	A fillet, or listel.
Quadrable	That may be sqyared, or reduced to an equivalent square; -- said of a surface when the area limited by a curve can be exactly found, and expressed in a finite number of algebraic terms.
Quadragenarious	Consisting of forty; forty years old.
Quadragene	An indulgence of forty days, corresponding to the forty days of ancient canonical penance.
Quadragesima	The forty days of fast preceding Easter; Lent.
Quadragesimal	Belonging to Lent; used in Lent; Lenten.
Quadragesimals	Offerings formerly made to the mother church of a diocese on Mid-Lent Sunday.
Quadrangle	A plane figure having four angles, and consequently four sides; any figure having four angles.
Quadrangle	A square or quadrangular space or inclosure, such a space or court surrounded by buildings, esp. such a court in a college or public school in England.
Quadrangular	Having four angles, and consequently four sides; tetragonal.
Quadrantes	of Quadrans
Quadrans	A fourth part of the coin called an as. See 3d As, 2.
Quadrans	The fourth of a penny; a farthing. See Cur.
Quadrant	The fourth part; the quarter.
Quadrant	The quarter of a circle, or of the circumference of a circle, an arc of 90¡, or one subtending a right angle at the center.
Quadrant	One of the four parts into which a plane is divided by the coordinate axes. The upper right-hand part is the first quadrant; the upper left-hand part the second; the lower left-hand part the third; and the lower right-hand part the fourth quadrant.
Quadrant	An instrument for measuring altitudes, variously constructed and mounted for different specific uses in astronomy, surveying, gunnery, etc., consisting commonly of a graduated arc of 90¡, with an index or vernier, and either plain or telescopic sights, and usually having a plumb line or spirit level for fixing the vertical or horizontal direction.
Quadrantal	Of or pertaining to a quadrant; also, included in the fourth part of a circle; as, quadrantal space.
Quadrantal	A cubical vessel containing a Roman cubic foot, each side being a Roman square foot; -- used as a measure.
Quadrantal	A cube.
Quadrat	A block of type metal lower than the letters, -- used in spacing and in blank lines.
Quadrat	An old instrument used for taking altitudes; -- called also geometrical square, and line of shadows.
Quadrate	Having four equal sides, the opposite sides parallel, and four right angles; square.
Quadrate	Produced by multiplying a number by itself; square.
Quadrate	Square; even; balanced; equal; exact.
Quadrate	Squared; suited; correspondent.
Quadrate	A plane surface with four equal sides and four right angles; a square; hence, figuratively, anything having the outline of a square.
Quadrate	An aspect of the heavenly bodies in which they are distant from each other 90¡, or the quarter of a circle; quartile. See the Note under Aspect, 6.
Quadrate	The quadrate bone.
Quadrated	of Quadrate
Quadrating	of Quadrate
Quadrate	To square; to agree; to suit; to correspond; -- followed by with.
Quadrate	To adjust (a gun) on its carriage; also, to train (a gun) for horizontal firing.
Quadratic	Of or pertaining to a square, or to squares; resembling a quadrate, or square; square.
Quadratic	Tetragonal.
Quadratic	Pertaining to terms of the second degree; as, a quadratic equation, in which the highest power of the unknown quantity is a square.
Quadratics	That branch of algebra which treats of quadratic equations.
Quadratojugal	Of or pertaining to the quadrate and jugal bones.
Quadratojugal	Of or pertaining to the quadratojugal bone.
Quadratojugal	The quadratojugal bone.
-trixes	of Quadratrix
-trices	of Quadratrix
Quadratrix	A curve made use of in the quadrature of other curves; as the quadratrix, of Dinostratus, or of Tschirnhausen.
Quadrature	The act of squaring; the finding of a square having the same area as some given curvilinear figure; as, the quadrature of a circle; the operation of finding an expression for the area of a figure bounded wholly or in part by a curved line, as by a curve, two ordinates, and the axis of abscissas.
Quadrature	A quadrate; a square.
Quadrature	The integral used in obtaining the area bounded by a curve; hence, the definite integral of the product of any function of one variable into the differential of that variable.
Quadrature	The position of one heavenly body in respect to another when distant from it 90¡, or a quarter of a circle, as the moon when at an equal distance from the points of conjunction and opposition.
Quadrel	A square piece of turf or peat.
Quadrel	A square brick, tile, or the like.
Quadrennial	Comprising four years; as, a quadrennial period.
Quadrennial	Occurring once in four years, or at the end of every four years; as, quadrennial games.
Quadrennially	Once in four years.
Quadrennium	A space or period of four years.
Quadri-	A combining form meaning four, four times, fourfold; as, quadricapsular, having four capsules.
Quadribasic	Same as Tetrabasic.
Quadrible	Quadrable.
Quadric	Of or pertaining to the second degree.
Quadric	A quantic of the second degree. See Quantic.
Quadric	A surface whose equation in three variables is of the second degree. Spheres, spheroids, ellipsoids, paraboloids, hyperboloids, also cones and cylinders with circular bases, are quadrics.
Quadricapsular	Having four capsules.
Quadriceps	The great extensor muscle of the knee, divided above into four parts which unite in a single tendon at the knee.
Quadricipital	Of or pertaining to the quadriceps.
Quadricorn	Any quadricornous animal.
Quadricornous	Having four horns, or hornlike organs; as, a quadricornous beetle.
Quadricostate	Having four ribs.
Quadridentate	Having four teeth; as, a quadridentate leaf.
Quadriennial	Same as Quadrennial.
Quadrifarious	Arranged in four rows or ranks; as, quadrifarious leaves.
Quadrifid	Divided, or deeply cleft, into four parts; as, a quadrifid perianth; a quadrifid leaf.
Quadrifoil	Alt. of Quadrifoliate
Quadrifoliate	Four-leaved; having the leaves in whorls of four.
Quadrifurcated	Having four forks, or branches.
Quadrigae	of Quadriga
Quadriga	A car or chariot drawn by four horses abreast.
Quadrigeminal	Alt. of Quadrigeminous
Quadrigeminous	Fourfold; having four similar parts, or two pairs of similar parts.
Quadrigenarious	Consisting of four hundred.
Quadrijugate	Same as Quadrijugous.
Quadrijugous	Pinnate, with four pairs of leaflets; as, a quadrijugous leaf.
Quadrilateral	Having four sides, and consequently four angles; quadrangular.
Quadrilateral	A plane figure having four sides, and consequently four angles; a quadrangular figure; any figure formed by four lines.
Quadrilateral	An area defended by four fortresses supporting each other; as, the Venetian quadrilateral, comprising Mantua, Peschiera, Verona, and Legnano.
Quadrilateralness	The property of being quadrilateral.
Quadriliteral	Consisting of four letters.
Quadrille	A dance having five figures, in common time, four couples of dancers being in each set.
Quadrille	The appropriate music for a quadrille.
Quadrille	A game played by four persons with forty cards, being the remainder of an ordinary pack after the tens, nines, and eights are discarded.
Quadrillion	According to the French notation, which is followed also upon the Continent and in the United States, a unit with fifteen ciphers annexed; according to the English notation, the number produced by involving a million to the fourth power, or the number represented by a unit with twenty-four ciphers annexed. See the Note under Numeration.
Quadrilobate	Alt. of Quadrilobed
Quadrilobed	Having four lobes; as, a quadrilobate leaf.
Quadrilocular	Having four cells, or cavities; as, a quadrilocular heart.
Quadrin	A small piece of money, in value about a farthing, or a half cent.
Quadrinodal	Possessing four nodes; as, quadrinodal curves.
Quadrinomial	A polynomial of four terms connected by the signs plus or minus.
Quadrinomical	Quadrinomial.
Quadrinominal	Quadrinomial.
Quadripartite	Divided into four parts.
Quadripartitely	In four parts.
Quadripartition	A division or distribution by four, or into four parts; also, a taking the fourth part of any quantity or number.
Quadripennate	Having four wings; -- said of insects.
Quadriphyllous	Having four leaves; quadrifoliate.
Quadrireme	A galley with four banks of oars or rowers.
Quadrisection	A subdivision into four parts.
Quadrisulcate	Having four hoofs; as, a quadrisulcate foot; a quadrisulcate animal.
Quadrisyllabic	Alt. of Quadri-syllabical
Quadri-syllabical	Having four syllables; of or pertaining to quadrisyllables; as, a quadrisyllabic word.
Quadrisyllable	A word consisting of four syllables.
Quadrivalence	The quality or state of being quadrivalent; tetravalence.
Quadrivalent	Having a valence of four; capable of combining with, being replaced by, or compared with, four monad atoms; tetravalent; -- said of certain atoms and radicals; thus, carbon and silicon are quadrivalent elements.
Quadrivalve	Dehiscent into four similar parts; four-valved; as, a quadrivalve pericarp.
Quadrivalve	A door, shutter, or the like, having four folds.
Quadrivalvular	Having four valves; quadrivalve.
Quadrivial	Having four ways meeting in a point.
Quadrivial	One of the four "liberal arts" making up the quadrivium.
Quadrivium	The four "liberal arts," arithmetic, music, geometry, and astronomy; -- so called by the schoolmen. See Trivium.
Quadroon	The offspring of a mulatto and a white person; a person quarter-blooded.
Quadroxide	A tetroxide.
Quadrumana	A division of the Primates comprising the apes and monkeys; -- so called because the hind foot is usually prehensile, and the great toe opposable somewhat like a thumb. Formerly the Quadrumana were considered an order distinct from the Bimana, which last included man alone.
Quadrumane	One of the Quadrumana.
Quadrumanous	Having four hands; of or pertaining to the Quadrumana.
Quadruped	Having four feet.
Quadruped	An animal having four feet, as most mammals and reptiles; -- often restricted to the mammals.
Quadrupedal	Having four feet; of or pertaining to a quadruped.
Quadruple	Fourfold; as, to make quadruple restitution; a quadruple alliance.
Quadruple	four times the sum or number; a fourfold amount; as, to receive to quadruple of the amount in damages.
Quadrupled	of Quadruple
Quadrupling	of Quadruple
Quadruple	To multiply by four; to increase fourfold; to double; to double twice.
Quadruple	To be multiplied by four; to increase fourfold; to become four times as much.
Quadruplex	Fourfold; folded or doubled twice.
Quadruplicated	of Quadruplicate
Quadruplicating	of Quadruplicate
Quadruplicate	To make fourfold; to double twice; to quadruple.
Quadruplicate	Fourfold; doubled twice; four times repeated; as, a quadruplicate ratio, or a quadruplicate proportion.
Quadruplicate	Raised to the fourth power.
Quadruplication	The act of making fourfold; a taking four times the simple sum or amount.
Quadruply	To a fourfold quantity; so as to be, or cause to be, quadruple; as, to be quadruply recompensed.
Quaere	Inquire; question; see; -- used to signify doubt or to suggest investigation.
Quaestor	Same as Questor.
Quaffed	of Quaff
Quaffing	of Quaff
Quaff	To drink with relish; to drink copiously of; to swallow in large draughts.
Quaff	To drink largely or luxuriously.
Quaffer	One who quaffs, or drinks largely.
Quag	A quagmire.
Quagga	A South African wild ass (Equus, / Hippotigris, quagga). The upper parts are reddish brown, becoming paler behind and behind and beneath, with dark stripes on the face, neck, and fore part of the body.
Quaggy	Of the nature of a quagmire; yielding or trembling under the foot, as soft, wet earth; spongy; boggy.
Quagmire	Soft, wet, miry land, which shakes or yields under the feet.
Quahog	Alt. of Quahaug
Quahaug	An American market clam (Venus mercenaria). It is sold in large quantities, and is highly valued as food. Called also round clam, and hard clam.
Quaigh	Alt. of Quaich
Quaich	A small shallow cup or drinking vessel.
Qualled	of Quail
Qualling	of Quail
Quail	To die; to perish; hence, to wither; to fade.
Quail	To become quelled; to become cast down; to sink under trial or apprehension of danger; to lose the spirit and power of resistance; to lose heart; to give way; to shrink; to cower.
Quail	To cause to fail in spirit or power; to quell; to crush; to subdue.
Quail	To curdle; to coagulate, as milk.
Quail	Any gallinaceous bird belonging to Coturnix and several allied genera of the Old World, especially the common European quail (C. communis), the rain quail (C. Coromandelica) of India, the stubble quail (C. pectoralis), and the Australian swamp quail (Synoicus australis).
Quail	Any one of several American partridges belonging to Colinus, Callipepla, and allied genera, especially the bobwhite (called Virginia quail, and Maryland quail), and the California quail (Calipepla Californica).
Quail	Any one of numerous species of Turnix and allied genera, native of the Old World, as the Australian painted quail (Turnix varius). See Turnix.
Quail	A prostitute; -- so called because the quail was thought to be a very amorous bird.
Quaily	The upland plover.
Quaint	Prudent; wise; hence, crafty; artful; wily.
Quaint	Characterized by ingenuity or art; finely fashioned; skillfully wrought; elegant; graceful; nice; neat.
Quaint	Curious and fanciful; affected; odd; whimsical; antique; archaic; singular; unusual; as, quaint architecture; a quaint expression.
Quaintise	Craft; subtlety; cunning.
Quaintise	Elegance; beauty.
Quaintly	In a quaint manner.
Quaintness	The quality of being quaint.
Quair	A quire; a book.
Quaked	of Quake
Quaking	of Quake
Quake	To be agitated with quick, short motions continually repeated; to shake with fear, cold, etc.; to shudder; to tremble.
Quake	To shake, vibrate, or quiver, either from not being solid, as soft, wet land, or from violent convulsion of any kind; as, the earth quakes; the mountains quake.
Quake	To cause to quake.
Quake	A tremulous agitation; a quick vibratory movement; a shudder; a quivering.
Quaker	One who quakes.
Quaker	One of a religious sect founded by George Fox, of Leicestershire, England, about 1650, -- the members of which call themselves Friends. They were called Quakers, originally, in derision. See Friend, n., 4.
Quaker	The nankeen bird.
Quaker	The sooty albatross.
Quaker	Any grasshopper or locust of the genus (Edipoda; -- so called from the quaking noise made during flight.
Quakeress	A woman who is a member of the Society of Friends.
Quakerish	Like or pertaining to a Quaker; Quakerlike.
Quakerism	The peculiar character, manners, tenets, etc., of the Quakers.
Quakerlike	Like a Quaker.
Quakerly	Resembling Quakers; Quakerlike; Quakerish.
Quakery	Quakerism.
Quaketail	A wagtail.
Quakness	The state of being quaky; liability to quake.
Quaking	a. & n. from Quake, v.
Quakingly	In a quaking manner; fearfully.
Quaky	Shaky, or tremulous; quaking.
Qualifiable	Capable of being qualified; abatable; modifiable.
Qualification	The act of qualifying, or the condition of being qualified.
Qualification	That which qualifies; any natural endowment, or any acquirement, which fits a person for a place, office, or employment, or which enables him to sustian any character with success; an enabling quality or circumstance; requisite capacity or possession.
Qualification	The act of limiting, or the state of being limited; that which qualifies by limiting; modification; restriction; hence, abatement; diminution; as, to use words without any qualification.
Qualificative	That which qualifies, modifies, or restricts; a qualifying term or statement.
Qualificator	An officer whose business it is to examine and prepare causes for trial in the ecclesiastical courts.
Qualified	Fitted by accomplishments or endowments.
Qualified	Modified; limited; as, a qualified statement.
Qualifiedly	In the way of qualification; with modification or qualification.
Qualifiedness	The state of being qualified.
Qualifier	One who, or that which, qualifies; that which modifies, reduces, tempers or restrains.
Qualified	of Qualify
Qualifying	of Qualify
Qualify	To make such as is required; to give added or requisite qualities to; to fit, as for a place, office, occupation, or character; to furnish with the knowledge, skill, or other accomplishment necessary for a purpose; to make capable, as of an employment or privilege; to supply with legal power or capacity.
Qualify	To give individual quality to; to modulate; to vary; to regulate.
Qualify	To reduce from a general, undefined, or comprehensive form, to particular or restricted form; to modify; to limit; to restrict; to restrain; as, to qualify a statement, claim, or proposition.
Qualify	Hence, to soften; to abate; to diminish; to assuage; to reduce the strength of, as liquors.
Qualify	To soothe; to cure; -- said of persons.
Qualify	To be or become qualified; to be fit, as for an office or employment.
Qualify	To obtain legal power or capacity by taking the oath, or complying with the forms required, on assuming an office.
Qualitative	Relating to quality; having the character of quality.
Qualitied	Furnished with qualities; endowed.
Qualities	of Quality
Quality	The condition of being of such and such a sort as distinguished from others; nature or character relatively considered, as of goods; character; sort; rank.
Quality	Special or temporary character; profession; occupation; assumed or asserted rank, part, or position.
Quality	That which makes, or helps to make, anything such as it is; anything belonging to a subject, or predicable of it; distinguishing property, characteristic, or attribute; peculiar power, capacity, or virtue; distinctive trait; as, the tones of a flute differ from those of a violin in quality; the great quality of a statesman.
Quality	An acquired trait; accomplishment; acquisition.
Quality	Superior birth or station; high rank; elevated character.
Qualm	Sickness; disease; pestilence; death.
Qualm	A sudden attack of illness, faintness, or pain; an agony.
Qualm	Especially, a sudden sensation of nausea.
Qualm	A prick or scruple of conscience; uneasiness of conscience; compunction.
Qualmish	Sick at the stomach; affected with nausea or sickly languor; inclined to vomit.
Quamash	See Camass.
Quamoclit	Formerly, a genus of plants including the cypress vine (Quamoclit vulgaris, now called Ipomoea Quamoclit). The genus is now merged in Ipomoea.
Quandaries	of Quandary
Quandary	A state of difficulty or perplexity; doubt; uncertainty.
Quandary	To bring into a state of uncertainty, perplexity, or difficulty.
Quandong	The edible drupaceous fruit of an Australian tree (Fusanus acuminatus) of the Sandalwood family; -- called also quandang.
Quandy	The old squaw.
Quannet	A flat file having the handle at one side, so as to be used like a plane.
Quant	A punting pole with a broad flange near the end to prevent it from sinking into the mud; a setting pole.
Quantic	A homogeneous algebraic function of two or more variables, in general containing only positive integral powers of the variables, and called quadric, cubic, quartic, etc., according as it is of the second, third, fourth, fifth, or a higher degree. These are further called binary, ternary, quaternary, etc., according as they contain two, three, four, or more variables; thus, the quantic / is a binary cubic.
Quantification	Modification by a reference to quantity; the introduction of the element of quantity.
Quantity	To modify or qualify with respect to quantity; to fix or express the quantity of; to rate.
Quantitative	Relating to quantity.
Quantitive	Estimable according to quantity; quantitative.
Quantitively	So as to be measurable by quantity; quantitatively.
Quantities	of Quantity
Quantity	The attribute of being so much, and not more or less; the property of being measurable, or capable of increase and decrease, multiplication and division; greatness; and more concretely, that which answers the question "How much?"; measure in regard to bulk or amount; determinate or comparative dimensions; measure; amount; bulk; extent; size.
Quantity	The extent or extension of a general conception, that is, the number of species or individuals to which it may be applied; also, its content or comprehension, that is, the number of its constituent qualities, attributes, or relations.
Quantity	The measure of a syllable; that which determines the time in which it is pronounced; as, the long or short quantity of a vowel or syllable.
Quantity	The relative duration of a tone.
Quantity	That which can be increased, diminished, or measured; especially (Math.), anything to which mathematical processes are applicable.
Quantity	A determinate or estimated amount; a sum or bulk; a certain portion or part; sometimes, a considerable amount; a large portion, bulk, or sum; as, a medicine taken in quantities, that is, in large quantities.
Quantivalence	Valence.
Quantivalent	Of or pertaining to quantivalence.
Quanta	of Quantum
Quantum	Quantity; amount.
Quantum	A definite portion of a manifoldness, limited by a mark or by a boundary.
Quap	To quaver.
Quaquaversal	Turning or dipping in any or every direction.
Quaquaversal	Dipping toward all points of the compass round a center, as beds of lava round a crater.
Quar	A quarry.
Quarantine	A space of forty days; -- used of Lent.
Quarantine	Specifically, the term, originally of forty days, during which a ship arriving in port, and suspected of being infected a malignant contagious disease, is obliged to forbear all intercourse with the shore; hence, such restraint or inhibition of intercourse; also, the place where infected or prohibited vessels are stationed.
Quarantine	The period of forty days during which the widow had the privilege of remaining in the mansion house of which her husband died seized.
Quarantined	of Quarantine
Quarantining	of Quarantine
Quarantine	To compel to remain at a distance, or in a given place, without intercourse, when suspected of having contagious disease; to put under, or in, quarantine.
Quarl	A medusa, or jellyfish.
Quarrel	An arrow for a crossbow; -- so named because it commonly had a square head.
Quarrel	Any small square or quadrangular member
Quarrel	A square of glass, esp. when set diagonally.
Quarrel	A small opening in window tracery, of which the cusps, etc., make the form nearly square.
Quarrel	A square or lozenge-shaped paving tile.
Quarrel	A glazier's diamond.
Quarrel	A four-sided cutting tool or chisel having a diamond-shaped end.
Quarrel	A breach of concord, amity, or obligation; a falling out; a difference; a disagreement; an antagonism in opinion, feeling, or conduct; esp., an angry dispute, contest, or strife; a brawl; an altercation; as, he had a quarrel with his father about expenses.
Quarrel	Ground of objection, dislike, difference, or hostility; cause of dispute or contest; occasion of altercation.
Quarrel	Earnest desire or longing.
Quarreled	of Quarrel
Quarrelled	of Quarrel
Quarreling	of Quarrel
Quarrelling	of Quarrel
Quarrel	To violate concord or agreement; to have a difference; to fall out; to be or become antagonistic.
Quarrel	To dispute angrily, or violently; to wrangle; to scold; to altercate; to contend; to fight.
Quarrel	To find fault; to cavil; as, to quarrel with one's lot.
Quarrel	To quarrel with.
Quarrel	To compel by a quarrel; as, to quarrel a man out of his estate or rights.
Quarrel	One who quarrels or wrangles; one who is quarrelsome.
Quarrelet	A little quarrel. See 1st Quarrel, 2.
Quarreling	Engaged in a quarrel; apt or disposed to quarrel; as, quarreling factions; a quarreling mood.
Quarrellous	Quarrelsome.
Quarrelsome	Apt or disposed to quarrel; given to brawls and contention; easily irritated or provoked to contest; irascible; choleric.
Quarried	Provided with prey.
Quarrier	A worker in a stone quarry.
Quarry	Same as 1st Quarrel.
Quarry	Quadrate; square.
Quarries	of Quarry
Quarry	A part of the entrails of the beast taken, given to the hounds.
Quarry	A heap of game killed.
Quarry	The object of the chase; the animal hunted for; game; especially, the game hunted with hawks.
Quarry	To secure prey; to prey, as a vulture or harpy.
Quarry	A place, cavern, or pit where stone is taken from the rock or ledge, or dug from the earth, for building or other purposes; a stone pit. See 5th Mine (a).
Quarried	of Quarry
Quarrying	of Quarry
Quarry	To dig or take from a quarry; as, to quarry marble.
Quarry-faced	Having a face left as it comes from the quarry and not smoothed with the chisel or point; -- said of stones.
Quarrymen	of Quarry-man
Quarry-man	A man who is engaged in quarrying stones; a quarrier.
Quart	The fourth part; a quarter; hence, a region of the earth.
Quart	A measure of capacity, both in dry and in liquid measure; the fourth part of a gallon; the eighth part of a peck; two pints.
Quart	A vessel or measure containing a quart.
Quart	In cards, four successive cards of the same suit.  Cf. Tierce, 4.
Quartan	Of or pertaining to the fourth; occurring every fourth day, reckoning inclusively; as, a quartan ague, or fever.
Quartan	An intermittent fever which returns every fourth day, reckoning inclusively, that is, one in which the interval between paroxysms is two days.
Quartan	A measure, the fourth part of some other measure.
Quartane	Butane, each molecule of which has four carbon atoms.
Quartation	The act, process, or result (in the process of parting) of alloying a button of nearly pure gold with enough silver to reduce the fineness so as to allow acids to attack and remove all metals except the gold; -- called also inquartation. Compare Parting.
Quarte	Same as 2d Carte.
Quartene	Same as Butylene.
Quartenylic	Pertaining to, or designating, an acid of the acrylic acid series, metameric with crotonic acid, and obtained as a colorless liquid; -- so called from having four carbon atoms in the molecule. Called also isocrotonic acid.
Quarter	One of four equal parts into which anything is divided, or is regarded as divided; a fourth part or portion; as, a quarter of a dollar, of a pound, of a yard, of an hour, etc.
Quarter	The fourth of a hundred-weight, being 25 or 28 pounds, according as the hundredweight is reckoned at 100 or 112 pounds.
Quarter	The fourth of a ton in weight, or eight bushels of grain; as, a quarter of wheat; also, the fourth part of a chaldron of coal.
Quarter	The fourth part of the moon's period, or monthly revolution; as, the first quarter after the change or full.
Quarter	One limb of a quadruped with the adjacent parts; one fourth part of the carcass of a slaughtered animal, including a leg; as, the fore quarters; the hind quarters.
Quarter	That part of a boot or shoe which forms the side, from the heel to the vamp.
Quarter	That part on either side of a horse's hoof between the toe and heel, being the side of the coffin.
Quarter	A term of study in a seminary, college, etc, etc.; properly, a fourth part of the year, but often longer or shorter.
Quarter	The encampment on one of the principal passages round a place besieged, to prevent relief and intercept convoys.
Quarter	The after-part of a vessel's side, generally corresponding in extent with the quarter-deck; also, the part of the yardarm outside of the slings.
Quarter	One of the divisions of an escutcheon when it is divided into four portions by a horizontal and a perpendicular line meeting in the fess point.
Quarter	A division of a town, city, or county; a particular district; a locality; as, the Latin quarter in Paris.
Quarter	A small upright timber post, used in partitions; -- in the United States more commonly called stud.
Quarter	The fourth part of the distance from one point of the compass to another, being the fourth part of 11¡ 15', that is, about 2¡ 49'; -- called also quarter point.
Quarter	Proper station; specific place; assigned position; special location.
Quarter	A station at which officers and men are posted in battle; -- usually in the plural.
Quarter	Place of lodging or temporary residence; shelter; entertainment; -- usually in the plural.
Quarter	A station or encampment occupied by troops; a place of lodging for soldiers or officers; as, winter quarters.
Quarter	Treatment shown by an enemy; mercy; especially, the act of sparing the life a conquered enemy; a refraining from pushing one's advantage to extremes.
Quarter	Friendship; amity; concord.
Quartered	of Quartter
Quartering	of Quartter
Quartter	To divide into four equal parts.
Quartter	To divide; to separate into parts or regions.
Quartter	To furnish with shelter or entertainment; to supply with the means of living for a time; especially, to furnish shelter to; as, to quarter soldiers.
Quartter	To furnish as a portion; to allot.
Quartter	To arrange (different coats of arms) upon one escutcheon, as when a man inherits from both father and mother the right to bear arms.
Quarter	To lodge; to have a temporary residence.
Quarter	To drive a carriage so as to prevent the wheels from going into the ruts, or so that a rut shall be between the wheels.
Quarterage	A quarterly allowance.
Quarter-deck	That part of the upper deck abaft the mainmast, including the poop deck when there is one.
Quarterfoil	An ornamental foliation having four lobes, or foils.
Quarterhung	Having trunnions the axes of which lie below the bore; -- said of a cannon.
Quartering	Coming from a point well abaft the beam, but not directly astern; -- said of waves or any moving object.
Quartering	At right angles, as the cranks of a locomotive, which are in planes forming a right angle with each other.
Quartering	A station.
Quartering	Assignment of quarters for soldiers; quarters.
Quartering	The division of a shield containing different coats of arms into four or more compartments.
Quartering	One of the different coats of arms arranged upon an escutcheon, denoting the descent of the bearer.
Quartering	A series of quarters, or small upright posts. See Quarter, n., 1 (m) (Arch.)
Quarterly	Containing, or consisting of, a fourth part; as, quarterly seasons.
Quarterly	Recurring during, or at the end of, each quarter; as, quarterly payments of rent; a quarterly meeting.
Quarterlies	of Quarterly
Quarterly	A periodical work published once a quarter, or four times in a year.
Quarterly	By quarters; once in a quarter of a year; as, the returns are made quarterly.
Quarterly	In quarters, or quarterings; as, to bear arms quarterly; in four or more parts; -- said of a shield thus divided by lines drawn through it at right angles.
Quartermaster	An officer whose duty is to provide quarters, provisions, storage, clothing, fuel, stationery, and transportation for a regiment or other body of troops, and superintend the supplies.
Quartermaster	A petty officer who attends to the helm, binnacle, signals, and the like, under the direction of the master.
Quartern	A quarter. Specifically: (a) The fourth part of a pint; a gill. (b) The fourth part of a peck, or of a stone (14 ibs.).
Quartern	A loaf of bread weighing about four pounds; -- called also quartern loaf.
Quarteron	A quarter; esp., a quarter of a pound, or a quarter of a hundred.
Quarteron	Alt. of Quarteroon
Quarteroon	A quadroon.
Quarterpace	A platform of a staircase where the stair turns at a right angle only. See Halfpace.
Quarter round	An ovolo.
Quarterstaves	of Quarterstaff
Quarterstaff	A long and stout staff formerly used as a weapon of defense and offense; -- so called because in holding it one hand was placed in the middle, and the other between the middle and the end.
Quartet	Alt. of Quartette
Quartette	A composition in four parts, each performed by a single voice or instrument.
Quartette	The set of four person who perform a piece of music in four parts.
Quartette	A stanza of four lines.
Quartic	Of the fourth degree.
Quartic	A quantic of the fourth degree. See Quantic.
Quartic	A curve or surface whose equation is of the fourth degree in the variables.
Quartile	Same as Quadrate.
Quartine	A supposed fourth integument of an ovule, counting from the outside.
Quarto	Having four leaves to the sheet; of the form or size of a quarto.
Quartos	of Quarto
Quarto	Originally, a book of the size of the fourth of sheet of printing paper; a size leaves; in present usage, a book of a square or nearly square form, and usually of large size.
Quartridge	Quarterage.
Quartz	A form of silica, or silicon dioxide (SiO2), occurring in hexagonal crystals, which are commonly colorless and transparent, but sometimes also yellow, brown, purple, green, and of other colors; also in cryptocrystalline massive forms varying in color and degree of transparency, being sometimes opaque.
Quartziferous	Consisting chiefly of quartz; containing quartz.
Quartzite	Massive quartz occurring as a rock; a metamorphosed sandstone; -- called also quartz rock.
Quartzoid	A form of crystal common with quartz, consisting of two six-sided pyramids, base to base.
Quartzose	Containing, or resembling, quartz; partaking of the nature or qualities of quartz.
quartzous	Quarzose.
Quartzy	Quartzose.
Quas	A kind of beer. Same as Quass.
Quaschi	Alt. of Quasje
Quasje	The brown coati. See Coati.
Quash	Same as Squash.
Quashed	of Quash
Quashing	of Quash
Quash	To abate, annul, overthrow, or make void; as, to quash an indictment.
Quash	To beat down, or beat in pieces; to dash forcibly; to crush.
Quash	To crush; to subdue; to suppress or extinguish summarily and completely; as, to quash a rebellion.
Quash	To be shaken, or dashed about, with noise.
Quashee	A negro of the West Indies.
Quasi	As if; as though; as it were; in a manner sense or degree; having some resemblance to; qualified; -- used as an adjective, or a prefix with a noun or an adjective; as, a quasi contract, an implied contract, an obligation which has arisen from some act, as if from a contract; a quasi corporation, a body that has some, but not all, of the peculiar attributes of a corporation; a quasi argument, that which resembles, or is used as, an argument; quasi historical, apparently historical, seeming to be historical.
Quasimodo	The first Sunday after Easter; Low Sunday.
Quass	A thin, sour beer, made by pouring warm water on rye or barley meal and letting it ferment, -- much used by the Russians.
Quassation	The act of shaking, or the state of being shaken.
Quassia	The wood of several tropical American trees of the order Simarubeae, as Quassia amara, Picraena excelsa, and Simaruba amara. It is intensely bitter, and is used in medicine and sometimes as a substitute for hops in making beer.
Quassin	The bitter principle of quassia, extracted as a white crystalline substance; -- formerly called quassite.
Quat	A pustule.
Quat	An annoying, worthless person.
Quat	To satiate; to satisfy.
Quata	The coaita.
Quatch	Squat; flat.
Quater-cousin	A cousin within the first four degrees of kindred.
Quaternary	Consisting of four; by fours, or in sets of four.
Quaternary	Later than, or subsequent to, the Tertiary; Post-tertiary; as, the Quaternary age, or Age of man.
Quaternary	The number four.
Quaternary	The Quaternary age, era, or formation. See the Chart of Geology.
Quaternate	Composed of, or arranged in, sets of four; quaternary; as, quaternate leaves.
Quaternion	The number four.
Quaternion	A set of four parts, things, or person; four things taken collectively; a group of four words, phrases, circumstances, facts, or the like.
Quaternion	A word of four syllables; a quadrisyllable.
Quaternion	The quotient of two vectors, or of two directed right lines in space, considered as depending on four geometrical elements, and as expressible by an algebraic symbol of quadrinomial form.
Quaternion	To divide into quaternions, files, or companies.
Quaternity	The number four.
Quaternity	The union of four in one, as of four persons; -- analogous to the theological term trinity.
Quateron	See 2d Quarteron.
Quatorzain	A poem of fourteen lines; a sonnet.
Quatorze	The four aces, kings, queens, knaves, or tens, in the game of piquet; -- so called because quatorze counts as fourteen points.
Quatrain	A stanza of four lines rhyming alternately.
Quatre	A card, die. or domino, having four spots, or pips
Quatrefeuille	Alt. of Quatrefoil
Quatrefoil	Same as Quarterfoil.
Quatuor	A quartet; -- applied chiefly to instrumental compositions.
Quave	See Quaver.
Quave	To quaver.
Quavemire	See Quagmire.
Quavered	of Quaver
Quavering	of Quaver
Quaver	To tremble; to vibrate; to shake.
Quaver	Especially, to shake the voice; to utter or form sound with rapid or tremulous vibrations, as in singing; also, to trill on a musical instrument
Quaver	To utter with quavers.
Quaver	A shake, or rapid and tremulous vibration, of the voice, or of an instrument of music.
Quaver	An eighth note. See Eighth.
Quaverer	One who quavers; a warbler.
Quay	A mole, bank, or wharf, formed toward the sea, or at the side of a harbor, river, or other navigable water, for convenience in loading and unloading vessels.
Quay	To furnish with quays.
Quayage	Wharfage.
Quayd	p. p. of Quail.
Que	A half farthing.
Queach	A thick, bushy plot; a thicket.
Queach	To stir; to move. See Quick, v. i.
Queachy	Yielding or trembling under the feet, as moist or boggy ground; shaking; moving.
Queachy	Like a queach; thick; bushy.
Quean	A woman; a young or unmarried woman; a girl.
Quean	A low woman; a wench; a slut.
Queasily	In a queasy manner.
Queasiness	The state of being queasy; nausea; qualmishness; squeamishness.
Queasy	Sick at the stomach; affected with nausea; inclined to vomit; qualmish.
Queasy	Fastidious; squeamish; delicate; easily disturbed; unsettled; ticklish.
Quebec group	The middle of the three groups into which the rocks of the Canadian period have been divided in the American Lower Silurian system. See the Chart of Geology.
Quebracho	A Chilian apocynaceous tree (Aspidosperma Quebracho); also, its bark, which is used as a febrifuge, and for dyspn/a of the lung, or bronchial diseases; -- called also white quebracho, to distinguish it from the red quebracho, a Mexican anacardiaceous tree (Loxopterygium Lorentzii) whose bark is said to have similar properties.
Quebrith	Sulphur.
Quech	Alt. of Queck
Queck	A word occurring in a corrupt passage of Bacon's Essays, and probably meaning, to stir, to move.
Queen	The wife of a king.
Queen	A woman who is the sovereign of a kingdom; a female monarch; as, Elizabeth, queen of England; Mary, queen of Scots.
Queen	A woman eminent in power or attractions; the highest of her kind; as, a queen in society; -- also used figuratively of cities, countries, etc.
Queen	The fertile, or fully developed, female of social bees, ants, and termites.
Queen	The most powerful, and except the king the most important, piece in a set of chessmen.
Queen	A playing card bearing the picture of a queen; as, the queen of spades.
Queen	A male homosexual, esp. one who is effeminate or dresses in women's clothing.
Queen	To act the part of a queen.
Queened	of Queen
Queening	of Queen
Queen	To make a queen (or other piece, at the player's discretion) of by moving it to the eighth row; as, to queen a pawn.
Queencraft	Craft or skill in policy on the part of a queen.
Queendom	The dominion, condition, or character of a queen.
Queenfish	A California sciaenoid food fish (Seriphys politus). The back is bluish, and the sides and belly bright silvery. Called also kingfish.
Queenhood	The state, personality, or character of a queen; queenliness.
Queening	Any one of several kinds of apples, as summer queening, scarlet queening, and early queening. An apple called the queening was cultivated in England two hundred years ago.
Queenliness	The quality of being queenly; the; characteristic of a queen; stateliness; eminence among women in attractions or power.
Queenly	Like, becoming, or suitable to, a queen.
Oueen-post	One of two suspending posts in a roof truss, or other framed truss of similar form. See King-post.
Queenship	The state, rank, or dignity of a queen.
Queensland nut	The nut of an Australian tree (Macadamia ternifolia). It is about an inch in diameter, and contains a single round edible seed, or sometimes two hemispherical seeds. So called from Queensland in Australia.
Queen truss	A truss framed with queen-posts; a queen-post truss.
Queer	At variance with what is usual or normal; differing in some odd way from what is ordinary; odd; singular; strange; whimsical; as, a queer story or act.
Queer	Mysterious; suspicious; questionable; as, a queer transaction.
Queer	Counterfeit money.
Queerish	Rather queer; somewhat singular.
Queerly	In a queer or odd manner.
Queerness	The quality or state of being queer.
Queest	The European ringdove (Columba palumbus); the cushat.
Quegh	A drinking vessel. See Quaich.
Queint	See Quaint.
Queint	imp. & p. p. of Quench.
Queintise	See Quaintise.
Quelled	of Quell
Quelling	of Quell
Quell	To die.
Quell	To be subdued or abated; to yield; to abate.
Quell	To take the life of; to kill.
Quell	To overpower; to subdue; to put down.
Quell	To quiet; to allay; to pacify; to cause to yield or cease; as, to quell grief; to quell the tumult of the soul.
Quell	Murder.
Queller	A killer; as, Jack the Giant Queller.
Queller	One who quells; one who overpowers or subdues.
Quellio	A ruff for the neck.
Quelquechose	A trifle; a kickshaw.
Queme	To please.
Quemeful	Kindly; merciful.
Quenched	of Quench
Quenching	of Quench
Quench	To extinguish; to overwhelm; to make an end of; -- said of flame and fire, of things burning, and figuratively of sensations and emotions; as, to quench flame; to quench a candle; to quench thirst, love, hate, etc.
Quench	To cool suddenly, as heated steel, in tempering.
Quench	To become extinguished; to go out; to become calm or cool.
Quenchable	Capable of being quenched.
Quencher	One who, or that which, quenches.
Quenchless	Incapable of being quenched; inextinguishable; as, quenchless fire or fury.
Quenelle	A kind of delicate forcemeat, commonly poached and used as a dish by itself or for garnishing.
Quenouille training	A method of training trees or shrubs in the shape of a cone or distaff by tying down the branches and pruning.
Quercitannic	Pertaining to, or designating, a tannic acid found in oak bark and extracted as a yellowish brown amorphous substance.
Quercite	A white crystalline substance, C6H7(OH)5, found in acorns, the fruit of the oak (Quercus). It has a sweet taste, and is regarded as a pentacid alcohol.
Quercitin	A yellow crystalline substance, occurring quite widely distributed in the vegetable kingdom, as is apple-tree bark, horse-chestnut leaves, etc., but originally obtained by the decomposition of quercitrin. Called also meletin.
Quercitrin	A glucoside extracted from the bark of the oak (Quercus) as a bitter citron-yellow crystalline substance, used as a pigment and called quercitron.
Quercitron	The yellow inner bark of the Quercus tinctoria, the American black oak, yellow oak, dyer's oak, or quercitron oak, a large forest tree growing from Maine to eastern Texas.
Quercitron	Quercitrin, used as a pigment. See Quercitrin.
Quercus	A genus of trees constituted by the oak. See Oak.
Querele	A complaint to a court. See Audita Querela.
Querent	A complainant; a plaintiff.
Querent	An inquirer.
Quermonious	Complaining; querulous; apt to complain.
Querimony	A complaint or complaining.
Querist	One who inquires, or asks questions.
Querken	To stifle or choke.
Querl	To twirl; to turn or wind round; to coil; as, to querl a cord, thread, or rope.
Querl	A coil; a twirl; as, the qwerl of hair on the fore leg of a blooded horse.
Quern	A mill for grinding grain, the upper stone of which was turned by hand; -- used before the invention of windmills and watermills.
Querpo	The inner or body garments taken together. See Cuerpo.
Querquedule	A teal.
Querquedule	The pintail duck.
Querry	A groom; an equerry.
Querulential	Querulous.
Querulous	Given to quarreling; quarrelsome.
Querulous	Apt to find fault; habitually complaining; disposed to murmur; as, a querulous man or people.
Querulous	Expressing complaint; fretful; whining; as, a querulous tone of voice.
Queries	of Query
Query	A question; an inquiry to be answered or solved.
Query	A question in the mind; a doubt; as, I have a query about his sincerity.
Query	An interrogation point [?] as the sign of a question or a doubt.
Query	To ask questions; to make inquiry.
Query	To have a doubt; as, I query if he is right.
Queried	of Query
Querying	of Query
Query	To put questions about; to elicit by questioning; to inquire into; as, to query the items or the amount; to query the motive or the fact.
Query	To address questions to; to examine by questions.
Query	To doubt of; to regard with incredulity.
Query	To write " query" (qu., qy., or ?) against, as a doubtful spelling, or sense, in a proof. See Quaere.
Quesal	The long-tailed, or resplendent, trogon (Pharomachus mocinno, formerly Trogon resplendens), native of Southern Mexico and Central America. Called also quetzal, and golden trogon.
Quest	The act of seeking, or looking after anything; attempt to find or obtain; search; pursuit; as, to rove in quest of game, of a lost child, of property, etc.
Quest	Request; desire; solicitation.
Quest	Those who make search or inquiry, taken collectively.
Quest	Inquest; jury of inquest.
Quest	To search for; to examine.
Quest	To go on a quest; to make a search; to go in pursuit; to beg.
Questant	One who undertakes a quest; a seeker.
Quester	One who seeks; a seeker.
Question	The act of asking; interrogation; inquiry; as, to examine by question and answer.
Question	Discussion; debate; hence, objection; dispute; doubt; as, the story is true beyond question; he obeyed without question.
Question	Examination with reference to a decisive result; investigation; specifically, a judicial or official investigation; also, examination under torture.
Question	That which is asked; inquiry; interrogatory; query.
Question	Hence, a subject of investigation, examination, or debate; theme of inquiry; matter to be inquired into; as, a delicate or doubtful question.
Question	Talk; conversation; speech; speech.
Questioned	of Question
Questioning	of Question
Question	To ask questions; to inquire.
Question	To argue; to converse; to dispute.
Question	To inquire of by asking questions; to examine by interrogatories; as, to question a witness.
Question	To doubt of; to be uncertain of; to query.
Question	To raise a question about; to call in question; to make objection to.
Question	To talk to; to converse with.
Questionability	The state or condition of being questionable.
Questionable	Admitting of being questioned; inviting, or seeming to invite, inquiry.
Questionable	Liable to question; subject to be doubted or called in question; problematical; doubtful; suspicious.
Questionableness	The quality or state of being questionable, doubtful, or suspicious.
Questionably	In a questionable manner.
Questionary	Inquiring; asking questions; testing.
Questionary	One who makes it his business to seek after relics and carry them about for sale.
Questioner	One who asks questions; an inquirer.
Questionist	A questioner; an inquirer.
Questionist	A candidate for honors or degrees who is near the time of his examination.
Questionless	Unquestioning; incurious.
Questionless	Beyond a question or doubt; doubtless; certainly.
Questmen	of Questman
Questman	One legally empowered to make quest of certain matters, esp. of abuses of weights and measures.
Questman	A churchwarden's assistant; a sidesman.
Questman	A collector of parish rents.
Questmonger	One who lays informations, and encourages petty lawsuits.
Questor	An officer who had the management of the public treasure; a receiver of taxes, tribute, etc.; treasurer of state.
Questorship	The office, or the term of office, of a questor.
Questrist	A seeker; a pursuer.
Questuary	Studious of profit.
Questuary	One employed to collect profits.
Quet	The common guillemot.
Queue	A tail-like appendage of hair; a pigtail.
Queue	A line of persons waiting anywhere.
Queue	To fasten, as hair, in a queue.
Quey	A heifer.
Quib	A quip; a gibe.
Quibble	A shift or turn from the point in question; a trifling or evasive distinction; an evasion; a cavil.
Quibble	A pun; a low conceit.
Quibbled	of Quibble
Quibbling	of Quibble
Quibble	To evade the point in question by artifice, play upon words, caviling, or by raising any insignificant or impertinent question or point; to trifle in argument or discourse; to equivocate.
Quibble	To pun; to practice punning.
Quibbler	One who quibbles; a caviler; also, a punster.
Quibblingly	Triflingly; evasively.
Quica	A small South American opossum (Didelphys quica), native of Guiana and Brazil. It feeds upon insects, small birds, and fruit.
Quice	See Queest.
Quich	To stir.
Quick	Alive; living; animate; -- opposed to dead or inanimate.
Quick	Characterized by life or liveliness; animated; sprightly; agile; brisk; ready.
Quick	Speedy; hasty; swift; not slow; as, be quick.
Quick	Impatient; passionate; hasty; eager; eager; sharp; unceremonious; as, a quick temper.
Quick	Fresh; bracing; sharp; keen.
Quick	Sensitive; perceptive in a high degree; ready; as, a quick ear.
Quick	Pregnant; with child.
Quick	In a quick manner; quickly; promptly; rapidly; with haste; speedily; without delay; as, run quick; get back quick.
Quick	That which is quick, or alive; a living animal or plant; especially, the hawthorn, or other plants used in making a living hedge.
Quick	The life; the mortal point; a vital part; a part susceptible of serious injury or keen feeling; the sensitive living flesh; the part of a finger or toe to which the nail is attached; the tender emotions; as, to cut a finger nail to the quick; to thrust a sword to the quick, to taunt one to the quick; -- used figuratively.
Quick	Quitch grass.
Quick	To revive; to quicken; to be or become alive.
Quickbeam	See Quicken tree.
quickened	of Quicken
Quickening	of Quicken
Quicken	To make alive; to vivify; to revive or resuscitate, as from death or an inanimate state; hence, to excite; to, stimulate; to incite.
Quicken	To make lively, active, or sprightly; to impart additional energy to; to stimulate; to make quick or rapid; to hasten; to accelerate; as, to quicken one's steps or thoughts; to quicken one's departure or speed.
Quicken	To shorten the radius of (a curve); to make (a curve) sharper; as, to quicken the sheer, that is, to make its curve more pronounced.
Quicken	To come to life; to become alive; to become vivified or enlivened; hence, to exhibit signs of life; to move, as the fetus in the womb.
Quicken	To move with rapidity or activity; to become accelerated; as, his pulse quickened.
Quickener	One who, or that which, quickens.
Quickening	The act or process of making or of becoming quick.
Quickening	The first motion of the fetus in the womb felt by the mother, occurring usually about the middle of the term of pregnancy. It has been popularly supposed to be due to the fetus becoming possessed of independent life.
Quickens	Quitch grass.
Quicken tree	The European rowan tree; -- called also quickbeam, and quickenbeam. See Rowan tree.
Quickhatch	The wolverine.
Quicklime	Calcium oxide; unslacked lime; -- so called because when wet it develops great heat. See 4th Lime, 2.
Quickly	Speedily; with haste or celerity; soon; without delay; quick.
Quickness	The condition or quality of being quick or living; life.
Quickness	Activity; briskness; especially, rapidity of motion; speed; celerity; as, quickness of wit.
Quickness	Acuteness of perception; keen sensibility.
Quickness	Sharpness; pungency of taste.
Quicksand	Sand easily moved or readily yielding to pressure; especially, a deep mass of loose or moving sand mixed with water, sometimes found at the mouth of a river or along some coasts, and very dangerous, from the difficulty of extricating a person who begins sinking into it.
Quick-scented	Acute of smell.
Quickset	A living plant set to grow, esp. when set for a hedge; specifically, the hawthorn.
Quickset	Made of quickset.
Quickset	To plant with living shrubs or trees for a hedge; as, to quickset a ditch.
Quick-sighted	Having quick sight or acute discernment; quick to see or to discern.
Quicksilver	The metal mercury; -- so called from its resemblance to liquid silver.
Quicksilvered	Overlaid with quicksilver, or with an amalgam of quicksilver and tinfoil.
Quicksilvering	The mercury and foil on the back of a looking-glass.
Quickstep	A lively, spirited march; also, a lively style of dancing.
Quick-witted	Having ready wit
Quick-wittedness	Readiness of wit.
Quickwork	All the submerged section of a vessel's planking.
Quickwork	The planking between the spirketing and the clamps.
Quickwork	The short planks between the portholes.
Quid	A portion suitable to be chewed; a cud; as, a quid of tobacco.
Quid	To drop from the mouth, as food when partially chewed; -- said of horses.
Quidam	Somebody; one unknown.
Quiddany	A confection of quinces, in consistency between a sirup and marmalade.
Quiddative	Constituting, or containing, the essence of a thing; quidditative.
Quiddit	A subtilty; an equivocation.
Quidditative	Quiddative.
Quiddities	of Quiddity
Quiddity	The essence, nature, or distinctive peculiarity, of a thing; that which answers the question, Quid est? or, What is it?
Quiddity	A trifling nicety; a cavil; a quibble.
Quiddled	of Quiddle
Quiddling	of Quiddle
Quiddle	To spend time in trifling employments, or to attend to useful subjects in an indifferent or superficial manner; to dawdle.
Quiddle	Alt. of Quiddler
Quiddler	One who wastes his energy about trifles.
Quidnunc	One who is curious to know everything that passes; one who knows, or pretends to know, all that is going on.
Quiesced	of Quiesce
Quiescing	of Quiesce
Quiesce	To be silent, as a letter; to have no sound.
Quiescence	Alt. of Quiescency
Quiescency	The state or quality of being quiescent.
Quiescent	Being in a state of repose; at rest; still; not moving; as, a quiescent body or fluid.
Quiescent	Not ruffed with passion; unagitated; not in action; not excited; quiet; dormant; resting.
Quiescent	Not sounded; silent; as, y is quiescent in "day" and "say."
Quiescent	A silent letter.
Quiescently	In a quiescent manner.
Quiet	In a state of rest or calm; without stir, motion, or agitation; still; as, a quiet sea; quiet air.
Quiet	Free from noise or disturbance; hushed; still.
Quiet	Not excited or anxious; calm; peaceful; placid; settled; as, a quiet life; a quiet conscience.
Quiet	Not giving offense; not exciting disorder or trouble; not turbulent; gentle; mild; meek; contented.
Quiet	Not showy; not such as to attract attention; undemonstrative; as, a quiet dress; quiet colors; a quiet movement.
Quiet	The quality or state of being quiet, or in repose; as an hour or a time of quiet.
Quiet	Freedom from disturbance, noise, or alarm; stillness; tranquillity; peace; security.
Quieted	of Quiet
Quieting	of Quiet
Quiet	To stop motion in; to still; to reduce to a state of rest, or of silence.
Quiet	To calm; to appease; to pacify; to lull; to allay; to tranquillize; as, to quiet the passions; to quiet clamors or disorders; to quiet pain or grief.
Quiet	To become still, silent, or calm; -- often with down; as, be soon quieted down.
Quietage	Quietness.
Quieter	One who, or that which, quiets.
Quietism	Peace or tranquillity of mind; calmness; indifference; apathy; dispassion; indisturbance; inaction.
Quietism	The system of the Quietists, who maintained that religion consists in the withdrawal of the mind from worldly interests and anxieties and its constant employment in the passive contemplation of God and his attributes.
Quietist	One of a sect of mystics originated in the seventeenth century by Molinos, a Spanish priest living in Rome. See Quietism.
Quietistic	Of or pertaining to the Quietists, or to Quietism.
Quietly	In a quiet state or manner; without motion; in a state of rest; as, to lie or sit quietly.
Quietly	Without tumult, alarm, dispute, or disturbance; peaceably; as, to live quietly; to sleep quietly.
Quietly	Calmly, without agitation or violent emotion; patiently; as, to submit quietly to unavoidable evils.
Quietly	Noiselessly; silently; without remark or violent movement; in a manner to attract little or no observation; as, he quietly left the room.
Quietness	The quality or state of being quiet; freedom from noise, agitation, disturbance, or excitement; stillness; tranquillity; calmness.
Quietsome	Calm; still.
Quietude	Rest; repose; quiet; tranquillity.
Quietus	Final discharge or acquittance, as from debt or obligation; that which silences claims; (Fig.) rest; death.
Quill	One of the large feathers of a bird's wing, or one of the rectrices of the tail; also, the stock of such a feather.
Quill	A pen for writing made by sharpening and splitting the point or nib of the stock of a feather; as, history is the proper subject of his quill.
Quill	A spine of the hedgehog or porcupine.
Quill	The pen of a squid. See Pen.
Quill	The plectrum with which musicians strike the strings of certain instruments.
Quill	The tube of a musical instrument.
Quill	Something having the form of a quill
Quill	The fold or plain of a ruff.
Quill	A spindle, or spool, as of reed or wood, upon which the thread for the woof is wound in a shuttle.
Quill	A hollow spindle.
Quilled	of Quill
Quilling	of Quill
Quill	To plaint in small cylindrical ridges, called quillings; as, to quill a ruffle.
Quill	To wind on a quill, as thread or yarn.
Quillaia bark	The bark of a rosaceous tree (Quillaja Saponaria), native of Chili. The bark is finely laminated, and very heavy with alkaline substances, and is used commonly by the Chilians instead of soap. Also called soap bark.
Quillback	An American fresh-water fish (Ictiobus, / Carpiodes, cyprinus); -- called also carp sucker, sailfish, spearfish, and skimback.
Quilled	Furnished with quills; also, shaped like quills.
Quillet	Subtilty; nicety; quibble.
Quilling	A band of linen, muslin, or the like, fluted, folded, or plaited so as somewhat to resemble a row of quills.
Quilling	One of the rounded plaits or flutings of such a band.
Quillwort	Any plant or species of the genus Isoetes, cryptogamous plants with a cluster of elongated four-tubed rushlike leaves, rising from a corm, and containing spores in their enlarged and excavated bases. There are about seventeen American species, usually growing in the mud under still, shallow water. So called from the shape of the shape of the leaves.
Quilt	Anything that is quilted; esp., a quilted bed cover, or a skirt worn by women; any cover or garment made by putting wool, cotton, etc., between two cloths and stitching them together; also, any outer bed cover.
Quilted	of Quilt
Quilting	of Quilt
Quilt	To stitch or sew together at frequent intervals, in order to confine in place the several layers of cloth and wadding of which a garment, comforter, etc., may be made; as, to quilt a coat.
Quilt	To wad, as a garment, with warm soft material.
Quilt	To stitch or sew in lines or patterns.
Quilter	One who, or that which, quilts.
Quilting	The act of stitching or running in patterns, as in making a quilt.
Quilting	A quilting bee. See Bee, 2.
Quilting	The material used for making quilts.
Quilting	A coating of strands of rope for a water vessel.
Quin	A European scallop (Pecten opercularis), used as food.
Quinaldine	A colorless liquid of a slightly pungent odor, C9H6N.CH3, first obtained as a condensation product of aldehyde and aniline, and regarded as a derivative of quinoline; -- called also methyl quinoline.
Quinary	Consisting of five; arranged by fives.
Quiname	Growing in sets of five; -- said especially of leaves composed of five leaflets set at the end of a common petiole.
Quinate	A salt of quinic acid.
Quinazol	A complex nitrogenous base related to cinnoline.
Quince	The fruit of a shrub (Cydonia vulgaris) belonging to the same tribe as the apple. It somewhat resembles an apple, but differs in having many seeds in each carpel. It has hard flesh of high flavor, but very acid, and is largely used for marmalade, jelly, and preserves.
Quince	a quince tree or shrub.
Quincewort	The squinancy.  Called also quinsywort.
Quinch	To stir; to wince.
Quincuncial	Having the form of a quincunx.
Quincuncial	Having the leaves of a pentamerous calyx or corolla so imbricated that two are exterior, two are interior, and the other has one edge exterior and one interior; as, quincuncial aestivation.
Quincuncially	In the manner or order of a quincunx.
Quincunx	An arrangement of things by fives in a square or a rectangle, one being placed at each corner and one in the middle; especially, such an arrangement of trees repeated indefinitely, so as to form a regular group with rows running in various directions.
Quincunx	The position of planets when distant from each other five signs, or 150¡.
Quincunx	A quincuncial arrangement, as of the parts of a flower in aestivation. See Quincuncial, 2.
Quindecagon	A plane figure with fifteen angles, and consequently fifteen sides.
Quindecemvirs	of Quindecemvir
Quindecemviri	of Quindecemvir
Quindecemvir	One of a sacerdotal college of fifteen men whose chief duty was to take care of the Sibylline books.
Quindecemvirate	The body or office of the quindecemviri.
Quindecone	An unsaturated hydrocarbon, C15H26, of the valylene series, produced artificially as an oily liquid.
Quindecylic	Pertaining to, or designating, an acid of the fatty acid series, containing fifteen atoms of carbon; called also pentadecylic acid.
Quindem	A fifteenth part.
Quindism	A fifteenth.
Quinhydrone	A green crystalline substance formed by the union of quinone with hydroquinone, or as an intermediate product in the oxidation of hydroquinone or the reduction of quinone.
Quinia	Quinine.
Quinible	An interval of a fifth; also, a part sung with such intervals.
Quinic	Pertaining to, derived from, or connected with, quinine and related compounds; specifically, designating a nonnitrogenous acid obtained from cinchona bark, coffee, beans, etc., as a white crystalline substance.
Quinicine	An uncrystallizable alkaloid obtained by the action of heat from quinine, with which it is isomeric.
Quinidine	An alkaloid isomeric with, and resembling, quinine, found in certain species of cinchona, from which it is extracted as a bitter white crystalline substance; conchinine. It is used somewhat as a febrifuge.
Quinine	An alkaloid extracted from the bark of several species of cinchona (esp. Cinchona Calisaya) as a bitter white crystalline substance, C20H24N2O2. Hence, by extension (Med.), any of the salts of this alkaloid, as the acetate, chloride, sulphate, etc., employed as a febrifuge or antiperiodic. Called also quinia, quinina, etc.
Quininic	Pertaining to, or designating, a nitrogenous acid obtained as a yellow crystalline substance by the oxidation of quinine.
Quininism	Alt. of Quinism
Quinism	See Cinchonism.
Quinizarin	A yellow crystalline substance produced artificially. It is isomeric with alizarin.
Quinizine	any one of a series of nitrogenous bases, certain of which are used as antipyretics.
Quinnat	The California salmon (Oncorhynchus choicha); -- called also chouicha, king salmon, chinnook salmon, and Sacramento salmon. It is of great commercial importance.
Quinoa	The seeds of a kind of goosewort (Chenopodium Quinoa), used in Chili and Peru for making porridge or cakes; also, food thus made.
Quinogen	A hypothetical radical of quinine and related alkaloids.
Quinoidine	A brownish resinous substance obtained as a by-product in the treatment of cinchona bark. It consists of a mixture of several alkaloids.
Quinoline	A nitrogenous base, C9H7N obtained as a pungent colorless liquid by the distillation of alkaloids, bones, coal tar, etc. It the nucleus of many organic bodies, especially of certain alkaloids and related substances; hence, by extension, any one of the series of alkaloidal bases of which quinoline proper is the type.
Quinologist	One who is versed in quinology.
Quinology	The science which treats of the cultivation of the cinchona, and of its use in medicine.
Quinone	A crystalline substance, C6H4O2 (called also benzoketone), first obtained by the oxidation of quinic acid and regarded as a double ketone; also, by extension, any one of the series of which quinone proper is the type.
Quinovic	Pertaining to, or designating, a crystalline acid obtained from some varieties of cinchona bark.
Quinovin	An amorphous bitter glucoside derived from cinchona and other barks. Called also quinova bitter, and quinova.
Quinoxaline	Any one of a series of complex nitrogenous bases obtained by the union of certain aniline derivatives with glyoxal or with certain ketones.
Quinoxyl	The hypothetical radical of certain quinone derivatives related to rhodizonic acid.
Quinoyl	A radical of which quinone is the hydride, analogous to phenyl.
Quinquagesima	Fiftieth.
Quinquangular	Having five angles or corners.
Quinquarticular	Relating to the five articles or points; as, the quinquarticular controversy between Arminians and Calvinists.
Quinque-	A combining form meaning five, five times, fivefold; as, quinquefid, five-cleft; quinquedentate, five-toothed.
Quinqueangled	Having five angles; quinquangular.
Quinquedentate	Alt. of Quinquedentated
Quinquedentated	Five-toothed; as, a quinquedentate leaf.
Quinquefarious	Arranged in five vertical rows; pentastichous.
Quinquefid	Sharply cut about halfway to the middle or base into five segments; as, a quinquefid leaf or corolla.
Quinquefoliate	Alt. of Quinquefoliated
Quinquefoliated	Having five leaves or leaflets.
Quinque foliolate	Having five leaflets.
Quinqueliteral	Consisting of five letters.
Quinquelobate	Alt. of Quinquelobared
Quinquelobared	Cut less than halfway into portions, usually somewhat rounded; five-lobed; as, a quinquelobate leaf or corolla.
Quinquelobed	Same as Quinquelobate.
Quinquelocular	Having five cells or loculi; five-celled; as, a quinquelocular pericarp.
Quinquenerved	Having five nerves; -- said of a leaf with five nearly equal nerves or ribs rising from the end of the petiole.
Quinquennalia	Public games celebrated every five years.
Quinquennial	Occurring once in five years, or at the end of every five years; also, lasting five years. A quinquennial event.
Quinquennium	Space of five years.
Quinquepartite	Consisting of five parts.
Quinquepartite	Divided into five parts almost to the base.
Quinquereme	A galley having five benches or banks of oars; as, an Athenian quinquereme.
Quinquesyllable	A word of five syllables.
Quinquevalve	Alt. of Quinquevalvular
Quinquevalvular	Having five valves, as a pericarp.
Quinquevirs	of Quinquevir
Quinqueviri	of Quinquevir
Quinquevir	One of five commissioners appointed for some special object.
Quinquina	Peruvian bark.
Quinquivalent	Same as Pentavalent.
Quinsy	An inflammation of the throat, or parts adjacent, especially of the fauces or tonsils, attended by considerable swelling, painful and impeded deglutition, and accompanied by inflammatory fever. It sometimes creates danger of suffocation; -- called also squinancy, and squinzey.
Quint	A set or sequence of five, as in piquet.
Quint	The interval of a fifth.
Quintain	An object to be tilted at; -- called also quintel.
Quintal	A hundredweight, either 112 or 100 pounds, according to the scale used.  Cf. Cental.
Quintal	A metric measure of weight, being 100,000 grams, or 100 kilograms, equal to 220.46 pounds avoirdupois.
Quintan	Occurring as the fifth, after four others also, occurring every fifth day, reckoning inclusively; as, a quintan fever.
Quintan	An intermittent fever which returns every fifth day, reckoning inclusively, or in which the intermission lasts three days.
Quintel	See Quintain.
Quintessence	The fifth or last and highest essence or power in a natural body. See Ferment oils, under Ferment.
Quintessence	Hence: An extract from anything, containing its rarest virtue, or most subtle and essential constituent in a small quantity; pure or concentrated essence.
Quintessence	To distil or extract as a quintessence; to reduce to a quintessence.
Quintessential	Of the nature of a quintessence; purest.
Quintet	Alt. of Quintette
Quintette	A composition for five voices or instruments; also, the set of five persons who sing or play five-part music.
Quintic	Of the fifth degree or order.
Quintic	A quantic of the fifth degree. See Quantic.
Quintile	The aspect of planets when separated the fifth part of the zodiac, or 72¡.
Quintilllion	According to the French notation, which is used on the Continent and in America, the cube of a million, or a unit with eighteen ciphers annexed; according to the English notation, a number produced by involving a million to the fifth power, or a unit with thirty ciphers annexed. See the Note under Numeration.
Quintin	See Quintain.
Quintine	The embryonic sac of an ovule, sometimes regarded as an innermost fifth integument.  Cf. Quartine, and Tercine.
Quintole	A group of five notes to be played or sung in the time of four of the same species.
Quintuple	Multiplied by five; increased to five times the amount; fivefold.
Quintupled	of Quintuple
Quintupling	of Quintuple
Quintuple	To make fivefold, or five times as much or many.
Quittuple-nerved	Alt. of Quintuple-ribbed
Quintuple-ribbed	The same as Quinquenerved.
Quinzaine	The fifteenth day after a feast day, including both in the reckoning.
Quinze	A game at cards in which the object is to make fifteen points.
Quip	A smart, sarcastic turn or jest; a taunt; a severe retort; a gibe.
Quipped	of Quip
Quipping	of Quip
Quip	To taunt; to treat with quips.
Quip	To scoff; to use taunts.
Quipo	Same as Quipu.
Quipus	of Quipu
Quipu	A contrivance employed by the ancient Peruvians, Mexicans, etc., as a substitute for writing and figures, consisting of a main cord, from which hung at certain distances smaller cords of various colors, each having a special meaning, as silver, gold, corn, soldiers. etc. Single, double, and triple knots were tied in the smaller cords, representing definite numbers. It was chiefly used for arithmetical purposes, and to register important facts and events.
Quirboilly	Leather softened by boiling so as to take any required shape. Upon drying, it becomes exceedingly hard, and hence was formerly used for armor.
Quire	See Choir.
Quire	To sing in concert.
Quire	A collection of twenty-four sheets of paper of the same size and quality, unfolded or having a single fold; one twentieth of a ream.
Quirister	A chorister. See Chorister.
Quiritation	A crying for help.
Quirite	One of the Quirites.
Quirites	Roman citizens.
Quirk	A sudden turn; a starting from the point or line; hence, an artful evasion or subterfuge; a shift; a quibble; as, the quirks of a pettifogger.
Quirk	A fit or turn; a short paroxysm; a caprice.
Quirk	A smart retort; a quibble; a shallow conceit.
Quirk	An irregular air; as, light quirks of music.
Quirk	A piece of ground taken out of any regular ground plot or floor, so as to make a court, yard, etc.; -- sometimes written quink.
Quirk	A small channel, deeply recessed in proportion to its width, used to insulate and give relief to a convex rounded molding.
Quirked	Having, or formed with, a quirk or quirks.
Quirkish	Consisting of quirks; resembling a quirk.
Quirky	Full of quirks; tricky; as, a quirky lawyer.
Quirl	See Querl.
Quirpele	The Indian ferret.
Quirt	A rawhide whip plaited with two thongs of buffalo hide.
Quish	See Cuish.
Quit	Any one of numerous species of small passerine birds native of tropical America. See Banana quit, under Banana, and Guitguit.
Quit	Released from obligation, charge, penalty, etc.; free; clear; absolved; acquitted.
Quit	of Quit
Quitted	of Quit
Quitting	of Quit
Quit	To set at rest; to free, as from anything harmful or oppressive; to relieve; to clear; to liberate.
Quit	To release from obligation, accusation, penalty, or the like; to absolve; to acquit.
Quit	To discharge, as an obligation or duty; to meet and satisfy, as a claim or debt; to make payment for or of; to requite; to repay.
Quit	To meet the claims upon, or expectations entertained of; to conduct; to acquit; -- used reflexively.
Quit	To carry through; to go through to the end.
Quit	To have done with; to cease from; to stop; hence, to depart from; to leave; to forsake; as, to quit work; to quit the place; to quit jesting.
Quit	To away; to depart; to stop doing a thing; to cease.
Quitch	Same as Quitch grass.
Quitch	Figuratively: A vice; a taint; an evil.
Quitch grass	A perennial grass (Agropyrum repens) having long running rootstalks, by which it spreads rapidly and pertinaciously, and so becomes a troublesome weed. Also called couch grass, quick grass, quick grass, twitch grass. See Illustration in Appendix.
Quitclaim	A release or relinquishment of a claim; a deed of release; an instrument by which some right, title, interest, or claim, which one person has, or is supposed to have, in or to an estate held by himself or another, is released or relinquished, the grantor generally covenanting only against persons who claim under himself.
Quitclaimed	of Quitclaim
Quitclaiming	of Quitclaim
Quitclaim	To release or relinquish a claim to; to release a claim to by deed, without covenants of warranty against adverse and paramount titles.
Quite	See Quit.
Quite	Completely; wholly; entirely; totally; perfectly; as, the work is not quite done; the object is quite accomplished; to be quite mistaken.
Quite	To a great extent or degree; very; very much; considerably.
Quitly	Quite.
Quitrent	A rent reserved in grants of land, by the payment of which the tenant is quit from other service.
Quits	See the Note under Quit, a.
Quittable	Capable of being quitted.
Quittal	Return; requital; quittance.
Quittance	Discharge from a debt or an obligation; acquittance.
Quittance	Recompense; return; repayment.
Quittance	To repay; to requite.
Quitter	One who quits.
Quitter	A deliverer.
Quittor	A chronic abscess, or fistula of the coronet, in a horse's foot, resulting from inflammation of the tissues investing the coffin bone.
Quitture	A discharge; an issue.
Quiver	Nimble; active.
Quivered	of Quiver
Quivering	of Quiver
Quiver	To shake or move with slight and tremulous motion; to tremble; to quake; to shudder; to shiver.
Quiver	The act or state of quivering; a tremor.
Quiver	A case or sheath for arrows to be carried on the person.
Quivered	Furnished with, or carrying, a quiver.
Quivered	Sheathed, as in a quiver.
Quiveringly	With quivering motion.
Qui vive	The challenge of a French sentinel, or patrol; -- used like the English challenge: "Who comes there?"
Quixotic	Like Don Quixote; romantic to extravagance; absurdly chivalric; apt to be deluded.
Quixotically	In a quixotic way.
Quixotism	That form of delusion which leads to extravagant and absurd undertakings or sacrifices in obedience to a morbidly romantic ideal of duty or honor, as illustrated by the exploits of Don Quixote in knight-errantry.
Quixotry	Quixotism; visionary schemes.
Quiz	A riddle or obscure question; an enigma; a ridiculous hoax.
Quiz	One who quizzes others; as, he is a great quiz.
Quiz	An odd or absurd fellow.
Quiz	An exercise, or a course of exercises, conducted as a coaching or as an examination.
Quizzed	of Quiz
Quizzing	of Quiz
Quiz	To puzzle; to banter; to chaff or mock with pretended seriousness of discourse; to make sport of, as by obscure questions.
Quiz	To peer at; to eye suspiciously or mockingly.
Quiz	To instruct in or by a quiz. See Quiz, n., 4.
Quiz	To conduct a quiz. See Quiz, n., 4.
Quizzer	One who quizzes; a quiz.
Quizzical	Relating to quizzing: given to quizzing; of the nature of a quiz; farcical; sportive.
Quizzism	The act or habit of quizzing.
Quob	To throb; to quiver.
Quod	A quadrangle or court, as of a prison; hence, a prison.
Quod	Quoth; said. See Quoth.
Quoddies	Herring taken and cured or smoked near Quoddy Head, Maine, or near the entrance of Passamaquoddy Ray.
Quodlibet	A nice point; a subtilty; a debatable point.
Quodlibet	A medley improvised by several performers.
Quodlibetarian	One who discusses any subject at pleasure.
Quodlibetical	Not restricted to a particular subject; discussed for curiosity or entertainment.
Quoif	See Coif.
Quoifffure	See Coiffure.
Quoil	See Coil.
Quoin	Originally, a solid exterior angle, as of a building; now, commonly, one of the selected pieces of material by which the corner is marked.
Quoin	A wedgelike piece of stone, wood metal, or other material, used for various purposes
Quoin	to support and steady a stone.
Quoin	To support the breech of a cannon.
Quoin	To wedge or lock up a form within a chase.
Quoin	To prevent casks from rolling.
Quoit	A flattened ring-shaped piece of iron, to be pitched at a fixed object in play; hence, any heavy flat missile used for the same purpose, as a stone, piece of iron, etc.
Quoit	A game played with quoits.
Quoit	The discus of the ancients. See Discus.
Quoit	A cromlech.
Quoit	To throw quoits; to play at quoits.
Quoit	To throw; to pitch.
Quoke	imp. of Quake.
Quoll	A marsupial of Australia (Dasyurus macrurus), about the size of a cat.
Quondam	Having been formerly; former; sometime.
Quondam	A person dismissed or ejected from a position.
Quook	imp. of Quake.
Quop	See Quob.
Quorum	Such a number of the officers or members of any body as is competent by law or constitution to transact business; as, a quorum of the House of Representatives; a constitutional quorum was not present.
Quota	A proportional part or share; the share or proportion assigned to each in a division.
Quotable	Capable or worthy of being quoted; as, a quotable writer; a quotable sentence.
Quotation	The act of quoting or citing.
Quotation	That which is quoted or cited; a part of a book or writing named, repeated, or adduced as evidence or illustration.
Quotation	The naming or publishing of the current price of stocks, bonds, or any commodity; also the price named.
Quotation	Quota; share.
Quotation	A piece of hollow type metal, lower than type, and measuring two or more pica ems in length and breadth, used in the blank spaces at the beginning and end of chapters, etc.
Quotationist	One who makes, or is given to making, quotations.
Quoted	of Quote
Quoting	of Quote
Quote	To cite, as a passage from some author; to name, repeat, or adduce, as a passage from an author or speaker, by way of authority or illustration; as, to quote a passage from Homer.
Quote	To cite a passage from; to name as the authority for a statement or an opinion; as, to quote Shakespeare.
Quote	To name the current price of.
Quote	To notice; to observe; to examine.
Quote	To set down, as in writing.
Quote	A note upon an author.
Quoter	One who quotes the words of another.
Quoth	Said; spoke; uttered; -- used only in the first and third persons in the past tenses, and always followed by its nominative, the word or words said being the object; as, quoth I. quoth he.
Quotha	Indeed; forsooth.
Quotidian	Occurring or returning daily; as, a quotidian fever.
Quotidian	Anything returning daily; especially (Med.), an intermittent fever or ague which returns every day.
Quotient	The number resulting from the division of one number by another, and showing how often a less number is contained in a greater; thus, the quotient of twelve divided by four is three.
Quotient	The result of any process inverse to multiplication. See the Note under Multiplication.
Quotiety	The relation of an object to number.
Quotum	Part or proportion; quota.
Quo warranto	A writ brought before a proper tribunal, to inquire by what warrant a person or a corporation acts, or exercises certain powers.
Quran	See Koran.
