R	R, the eighteenth letter of the English alphabet, is a vocal consonant.  It is sometimes called a semivowel, and a liquid. See Guide to Pronunciation, // 178, 179, and 250-254.
Ra	A roe; a deer.
Ra-	A prefix, from the Latin re and ad combined, coming to us through the French and Italian. See Re-, and Ad-.
Raash	The electric catfish.
Rab	A rod or stick used by masons in mixing hair with mortar.
Rabat	A polishing material made of potter's clay that has failed in baking.
Rabate	To recover to the fist, as a hawk.
Rabatine	A collar or cape.
Rabato	A kind of ruff for the neck; a turned-down collar; a rebato.
Rabbate	To abate or diminish.
Rabbate	Abatement.
Rabbeted	of Rabbet
Rabbeting	of Rabbet
Rabbet	To cut a rabbet in; to furnish with a rabbet.
Rabbet	To unite the edges of, as boards, etc., in a rabbet joint.
Rabbet	A longitudinal channel, groove, or recess cut out of the edge or face of any body; especially, one intended to receive another member, so as to break or cover the joint, or more easily to hold the members in place; thus, the groove cut for a panel, for a pane of glass, or for a door, is a rabbet, or rebate.
Rabbet	Same as Rabbet joint, below.
Rabbis	of Rabbi
Rabbies	of Rabbi
Rabbi	Master; lord; teacher; -- a Jewish title of respect or honor for a teacher or doctor of the law.
Rabbin	Same as Rabbi.
Rabbinic	Alt. of Rabbinical
Rabbinical	Of or pertaining to the rabbins or rabbis, or pertaining to the opinions, learning, or language of the rabbins.
Rabbinic	The language or dialect of the rabbins; the later Hebrew.
Rabbinically	In a rabbinical manner; after the manner of the rabbins.
Rabbinism	A rabbinic expression or phraseology; a peculiarity of the language of the rabbins.
Rabbinism	The teachings and traditions of the rabbins.
Rabbinist	One among the Jews who adhered to the Talmud and the traditions of the rabbins, in opposition to the Karaites, who rejected the traditions.
Rabbinite	Same as Rabbinist.
Rabbit	Any of the smaller species of the genus Lepus, especially the common European species (Lepus cuniculus), which is often kept as a pet, and has been introduced into many countries. It is remarkably prolific, and has become a pest in some parts of Australia and New Zealand.
Rabbiting	The hunting of rabbits.
Rabbitry	A place where rabbits are kept; especially, a collection of hutches for tame rabbits.
Rabble	An iron bar, with the end bent, used in stirring or skimming molten iron in the process of puddling.
Rabble	To stir or skim with a rabble, as molten iron.
Rabble	To speak in a confused manner.
Rabble	A tumultuous crowd of vulgar, noisy people; a mob; a confused, disorderly throng.
Rabble	A confused, incoherent discourse; a medley of voices; a chatter.
Rabble	Of or pertaining to a rabble; like, or suited to, a rabble; disorderly; vulgar.
Rabbled	of Rabble
Rabbling	of Rabble
Rabble	To insult, or assault, by a mob; to mob; as, to rabble a curate.
Rabble	To utter glibly and incoherently; to mouth without intelligence.
Rabble	To rumple; to crumple.
Rabblement	A tumultuous crowd of low people; a rabble.
Rabbler	A scraping tool for smoothing metal.
Rabble-rout	A tumultuous crowd; a rabble; a noisy throng.
Rabdoidal	See Sagittal.
Rabdology	The method or art of performing arithmetical operations by means of Napier's bones. See Napier's bones.
Rabdomancy	Divination by means of rods or wands.
Rabid	Furious; raging; extremely violent.
Rabid	Extreme, unreasonable, or fanatical in opinion; excessively zealous; as, a rabid socialist.
Rabid	Affected with the distemper called rabies; mad; as, a rabid dog or fox.
Rabid	Of or pertaining to rabies, or hydrophobia; as, rabid virus.
Rabidity	Rabidness; furiousness.
Rabidly	In a rabid manner; with extreme violence.
Rabidness	The quality or state of being rabid.
Rabies	Same as Hydrophobia (b); canine madness.
Rabinet	A kind of small ordnance formerly in use.
Rabious	Fierce.
Rabot	A rubber of hard wood used in smoothing marble to be polished.
Raca	A term of reproach used by the Jews of our Savior's time, meaning "worthless."
Racahout	A preparation from acorns used by the Arabs as a substitute for chocolate, and also as a beverage for invalids.
Raccoon	A North American nocturnal carnivore (Procyon lotor) allied to the bears, but much smaller, and having a long, full tail, banded with black and gray. Its body is gray, varied with black and white. Called also coon, and mapach.
Race	To raze.
Race	A root.
Race	The descendants of a common ancestor; a family, tribe, people, or nation, believed or presumed to belong to the same stock; a lineage; a breed.
Race	Company; herd; breed.
Race	A variety of such fixed character that it may be propagated by seed.
Race	Peculiar flavor, taste, or strength, as of wine; that quality, or assemblage of qualities, which indicates origin or kind, as in wine; hence, characteristic flavor; smack.
Race	Hence, characteristic quality or disposition.
Race	A progress; a course; a movement or progression.
Race	Esp., swift progress; rapid course; a running.
Race	Hence: The act or process of running in competition; a contest of speed in any way, as in running, riding, driving, skating, rowing, sailing; in the plural, usually, a meeting for contests in the running of horses; as, he attended the races.
Race	Competitive action of any kind, especially when prolonged; hence, career; course of life.
Race	A strong or rapid current of water, or the channel or passage for such a current; a powerful current or heavy sea, sometimes produced by the meeting of two tides; as, the Portland Race; the Race of Alderney.
Race	The current of water that turns a water wheel, or the channel in which it flows; a mill race.
Race	A channel or guide along which a shuttle is driven back and forth, as in a loom, sewing machine, etc.
Raced	of Race
Racing	of Race
Race	To run swiftly; to contend in a race; as, the animals raced over the ground; the ships raced from port to port.
Race	To run too fast at times, as a marine engine or screw, when the screw is lifted out of water by the action of a heavy sea.
Race	To cause to contend in a race; to drive at high speed; as, to race horses.
Race	To run a race with.
Racemate	A salt of racemic acid.
Racemation	A cluster or bunch, as of grapes.
Racemation	Cultivation or gathering of clusters of grapes.
Raceme	A flower cluster with an elongated axis and many one-flowered lateral pedicels, as in the currant and chokecherry.
Racemed	Arranged in a raceme, or in racemes.
Racemic	Pertaining to, or designating, an acid found in many kinds of grapes. It is also obtained from tartaric acid, with which it is isomeric, and from sugar, gum, etc., by oxidation. It is a sour white crystalline substance, consisting of a combination of dextrorotatory and levorotatory tartaric acids.
Racemiferous	Bearing racemes, as the currant.
Racemiform	Having the form of a raceme.
Racemose	Resembling a raceme; growing in the form of a raceme; as, (Bot.) racemose berries or flowers; (Anat.) the racemose glands, in which the ducts are branched and clustered like a raceme.
Racemous	See Racemose.
Racemule	A little raceme.
Racemulose	Growing in very small racemes.
Racer	One who, or that which, races, or contends in a race; esp., a race horse.
Racer	The common American black snake.
Racer	One of the circular iron or steel rails on which the chassis of a heavy gun is turned.
Rach	Alt. of Rache
Rache	A dog that pursued his prey by scent, as distinguished from the greyhound.
Rachialgia	A painful affection of the spine; especially, Pott's disease; also, formerly, lead colic.
Rachidian	Of or pertaining to the rachis; spinal; vertebral. Same as Rhachidian.
Rachilla	Same as Rhachilla.
Rachiodont	Same as Rhachiodont.
Rachises	of Rachis
Rachides	of Rachis
Rachis	The spine; the vertebral column.
Rachis	Same as Rhachis.
Rachitic	Of or pertaining to rachitis; affected by rachitis; rickety.
Rachitis	Literally, inflammation of the spine, but commonly applied to the rickets. See Rickets.
Rachitis	A disease which produces abortion in the fruit or seeds.
Rachitome	A dissecting instrument for opening the spinal canal.
Racial	Of or pertaining to a race or family of men; as, the racial complexion.
Racily	In a racy manner.
Raciness	The quality of being racy; peculiar and piquant flavor.
Racing	a. & n. from Race, v. t. & i.
Rack	Same as Arrack.
Rack	The neck and spine of a fore quarter of veal or mutton.
Rack	A wreck; destruction.
Rack	Thin, flying, broken clouds, or any portion of floating vapor in the sky.
Rack	To fly, as vapor or broken clouds.
Racked	of Rack
Racking	of Rack
Rack	To amble fast, causing a rocking or swaying motion of the body; to pace; -- said of a horse.
Rack	A fast amble.
Rack	To draw off from the lees or sediment, as wine.
Rack	An instrument or frame used for stretching, extending, retaining, or displaying, something.
Rack	An engine of torture, consisting of a large frame, upon which the body was gradually stretched until, sometimes, the joints were dislocated; -- formerly used judicially for extorting confessions from criminals or suspected persons.
Rack	An instrument for bending a bow.
Rack	A grate on which bacon is laid.
Rack	A frame or device of various construction for holding, and preventing the waste of, hay, grain, etc., supplied to beasts.
Rack	A frame on which articles are deposited for keeping or arranged for display; as, a clothes rack; a bottle rack, etc.
Rack	A piece or frame of wood, having several sheaves, through which the running rigging passes; -- called also rack block. Also, a frame to hold shot.
Rack	A frame or table on which ores are separated or washed.
Rack	A frame fitted to a wagon for carrying hay, straw, or grain on the stalk, or other bulky loads.
Rack	A distaff.
Rack	A bar with teeth on its face, or edge, to work with those of a wheel, pinion, or worm, which is to drive it or be driven by it.
Rack	That which is extorted; exaction.
Rack	To extend by the application of force; to stretch or strain; specifically, to stretch on the rack or wheel; to torture by an engine which strains the limbs and pulls the joints.
Rack	To torment; to torture; to affect with extreme pain or anguish.
Rack	To stretch or strain, in a figurative sense; hence, to harass, or oppress by extortion.
Rack	To wash on a rack, as metals or ore.
Rack	To bind together, as two ropes, with cross turns of yarn, marline, etc.
Rackabones	A very lean animal, esp. a horse.
Racker	One who racks.
Racker	A horse that has a racking gait.
Racket	A thin strip of wood, having the ends brought together, forming a somewhat elliptical hoop, across which a network of catgut or cord is stretched. It is furnished with a handle, and is used for catching or striking a ball in tennis and similar games.
Racket	A variety of the game of tennis played with peculiar long-handled rackets; -- chiefly in the plural.
Racket	A snowshoe formed of cords stretched across a long and narrow frame of light wood.
Racket	A broad wooden shoe or patten for a man or horse, to enable him to step on marshy or soft ground.
Racket	To strike with, or as with, a racket.
Racket	Confused, clattering noise; din; noisy talk or sport.
Racket	A carouse; any reckless dissipation.
Racketed	of Racket
Racketing	of Racket
Racket	To make a confused noise or racket.
Racket	To engage in noisy sport; to frolic.
Racket	To carouse or engage in dissipation.
Racketer	One who makes, or engages in, a racket.
Rackett	An old wind instrument of the double bassoon kind, having ventages but not keys.
Racket-tail	Any one of several species of humming birds of the genus Steganura, having two of the tail feathers very long and racket-shaped.
Racket-tailed	Having long and spatulate, or racket-shaped, tail feathers.
Rackety	Making a tumultuous noise.
Racking	Spun yarn used in racking ropes.
Rack-rent	A rent of the full annual value of the tenement, or near it; an excessive or unreasonably high rent.
Rack-rent	To subject to rack-rent, as a farm or tenant.
Rack-renter	One who is subjected to paying rack-rent.
Rack-renter	One who exacts rack-rent.
Racktail	An arm attached to a swinging notched arc or rack, to let off the striking mechanism of a repeating clock.
Rackwork	Any mechanism having a rack, as a rack and pinion.
Racle	See Rakel.
Racleness	See Rakelness.
Raconteur	A relater; a storyteller.
Racoonda	The coypu.
Racovian	One of a sect of Socinians or Unitarians in Poland.
Racquet	See Racket.
Racy	Having a strong flavor indicating origin; of distinct characteristic taste; tasting of the soil; hence, fresh; rich.
Racy	Hence: Exciting to the mental taste by a strong or distinctive character of thought or language; peculiar and piquant; fresh and lively.
Rad	imp. & p. p. of Read, Rede.
Radde	imp. of Read, Rede.
Raddle	A long, flexible stick, rod, or branch, which is interwoven with others, between upright posts or stakes, in making a kind of hedge or fence.
Raddle	A hedge or fence made with raddles; -- called also raddle hedge.
Raddle	An instrument consisting of a wooden bar, with a row of upright pegs set in it, used by domestic weavers to keep the warp of a proper width, and prevent tangling when it is wound upon the beam of the loom.
Raddle	To interweave or twist together.
Raddle	A red pigment used in marking sheep, and in some mechanical processes; ruddle.
Raddle	To mark or paint with, or as with, raddle.
Raddock	The ruddock.
Rade	A raid.
Radeau	A float; a raft.
Radial	Of or pertaining to a radius or ray; consisting of, or like, radii or rays; radiated; as, (Bot.) radial projections; (Zool.) radial vessels or canals; (Anat.) the radial artery.
Radialia	of Radiale
Radiale	The bone or cartilage of the carpus which articulates with the radius and corresponds to the scaphoid bone in man.
Radiale	Radial plates in the calyx of a crinoid.
Radially	In a radial manner.
Radian	An arc of a circle which is equal to the radius, or the angle measured by such an arc.
Radiance	Alt. of Radiancy
Radiancy	The quality of being radiant; brilliancy; effulgence; vivid brightness; as, the radiance of the sun.
Radiant	Emitting or proceeding as from a center; resembling rays; radiating; radiate.
Radiant	Especially, emitting or darting rays of light or heat; issuing in beams or rays; beaming with brightness; emitting a vivid light or splendor; as, the radiant sun.
Radiant	Beaming with vivacity and happiness; as, a radiant face.
Radiant	Giving off rays; -- said of a bearing; as, the sun radiant; a crown radiant.
Radiant	Having a raylike appearance, as the large marginal flowers of certain umbelliferous plants; -- said also of the cluster which has such marginal flowers.
Radiant	The luminous point or object from which light emanates; also, a body radiating light brightly.
Radiant	A straight line proceeding from a given point, or fixed pole, about which it is conceived to revolve.
Radiant	The point in the heavens at which the apparent paths of shooting stars meet, when traced backward, or whence they appear to radiate.
Radiantly	In a radiant manner; with glittering splendor.
Radiary	A radiate.
Radiata	An extensive artificial group of invertebrates, having all the parts arranged radially around the vertical axis of the body, and the various organs repeated symmetrically in each ray or spheromere.
Radiated	of Radiate
Radiating	of Radiate
Radiate	To emit rays; to be radiant; to shine.
Radiate	To proceed in direct lines from a point or surface; to issue in rays, as light or heat.
Radiate	To emit or send out in direct lines from a point or points; as, to radiate heat.
Radiate	To enlighten; to illuminate; to shed light or brightness on; to irradiate.
Radiate	Having rays or parts diverging from a center; radiated; as, a radiate crystal.
Radiate	Having in a capitulum large ray florets which are unlike the disk florets, as in the aster, daisy, etc.
Radiate	Belonging to the Radiata.
Radiate	One of the Radiata.
Radiated	Emitted, or sent forth, in rays or direct lines; as, radiated heat.
Radiated	Formed of, or arranged like, rays or radii; having parts or markings diverging, like radii, from a common center or axis; as, a radiated structure; a radiated group of crystals.
Radiated	Belonging to the Radiata.
Radiately	In a radiate manner; with radiation or divergence from a center.
Radiate-veined	Having the principal veins radiating, or diverging, from the apex of the petiole; -- said of such leaves as those of the grapevine, most maples, and the castor-oil plant.
Radiatiform	Having the marginal florets enlarged and radiating but not ligulate, as in the capitula or heads of the cornflower.
Radiation	The act of radiating, or the state of being radiated; emission and diffusion of rays of light; beamy brightness.
Radiation	The shooting forth of anything from a point or surface, like the diverging rays of light; as, the radiation of heat.
Radiative	Capable of radiating; acting by radiation.
Radiator	That which radiates or emits rays, whether of light or heat; especially, that part of a heating apparatus from which the heat is radiated or diffused; as, a steam radiator.
Radical	Of or pertaining to the root; proceeding directly from the root.
Radical	Hence: Of or pertaining to the root or origin; reaching to the center, to the foundation, to the ultimate sources, to the principles, or the like; original; fundamental; thorough-going; unsparing; extreme; as, radical evils; radical reform; a radical party.
Radical	Belonging to, or proceeding from, the root of a plant; as, radical tubers or hairs.
Radical	Proceeding from a rootlike stem, or one which does not rise above the ground; as, the radical leaves of the dandelion and the sidesaddle flower.
Radical	Relating, or belonging, to the root, or ultimate source of derivation; as, a radical verbal form.
Radical	Of or pertaining to a radix or root; as, a radical quantity; a radical sign. See below.
Radical	A primitive word; a radix, root, or simple, underived, uncompounded word; an etymon.
Radical	A primitive letter; a letter that belongs to the radix.
Radical	One who advocates radical changes in government or social institutions, especially such changes as are intended to level class inequalities; -- opposed to conservative.
Radical	A characteristic, essential, and fundamental constituent of any compound; hence, sometimes, an atom.
Radical	Specifically, a group of two or more atoms, not completely saturated, which are so linked that their union implies certain properties, and are conveniently regarded as playing the part of a single atom; a residue; -- called also a compound radical.  Cf. Residue.
Radical	A radical quantity. See under Radical, a.
Radical	A radical vessel. See under Radical, a.
Radicalism	The quality or state of being radical; specifically, the doctrines or principles of radicals in politics or social reform.
Radicality	Germinal principle; source; origination.
Radicality	Radicalness; relation to a root in essential nature or principle.
Radically	In a radical manner; at, or from, the origin or root; fundamentally; as, a scheme or system radically wrong or defective.
Radically	Without derivation; primitively; essentially.
Radicalness	Quality or state of being radical.
Radicant	Taking root on, or above, the ground; rooting from the stem, as the trumpet creeper and the ivy.
Radicate	Radicated.
Radicate	To take root; to become rooted.
Radicated	of Radicate
Radicating	of Radicate
Radicate	To cause to take root; to plant deeply and firmly; to root.
Radicated	Rooted
Radicated	Having roots, or possessing a well-developed root.
Radicated	Having rootlike organs for attachment.
Radication	The process of taking root, or state of being rooted; as, the radication of habits.
Radication	The disposition of the roots of a plant.
Radicel	A small branch of a root; a rootlet.
Radiciflorous	Rhizanthous.
Radiciform	Having the nature or appearance of a radix or root.
Radicle	The rudimentary stem of a plant which supports the cotyledons in the seed, and from which the root is developed downward; the stem of the embryo; the caulicle.
Radicle	A rootlet; a radicel.
Radicular	Of or pertaining to roots, or the root of a plant.
Radicule	A radicle.
Radiculose	Producing numerous radicles, or rootlets.
Radii	pl. of Radius.
Radio-	A combining form indicating connection with, or relation to, a radius or ray; specifically (Anat.), with the radius of the forearm; as, radio-ulnar, radio-muscular, radio-carpal.
Radio-flagellata	A group of Protozoa having both flagella and pseudopodia.
Radiograph	A picture produced by the Rontgen rays upon a sensitive surface, photographic or fluorescent, especially a picture of opaque objects traversed by the rays.
Radiolaria	Order of rhizopods, usually having a siliceous skeleton, or shell, and sometimes radiating spicules. The pseudopodia project from the body like rays. It includes the polycystines. See Polycystina.
Radiolarian	Of or pertaining to the Radiolaria.
Radiolarian	One of the Radiolaria.
Radioli	The barbs of the radii of a feather; barbules.
Radiolite	A hippurite.
Radiometer	A forestaff.
Radiometer	An instrument designed for measuring the mechanical effect of radiant energy.
Radiomicrometer	A very sensitive modification or application of the thermopile, used for indicating minute changes of radiant heat, or temperature.
Radiophone	An apparatus for the production of sound by the action of luminous or thermal rays. It is essentially the same as the photophone.
Radiophony	The art or practice of using the radiophone.
Radious	Consisting of rays, as light.
Radious	Radiating; radiant.
Radish	The pungent fleshy root of a well-known cruciferous plant (Raphanus sativus); also, the whole plant.
Radii	of Radius
Radiuses	of Radius
Radius	A right line drawn or extending from the center of a circle to the periphery; the semidiameter of a circle or sphere.
Radius	The preaxial bone of the forearm, or brachium, corresponding to the tibia of the hind limb. See Illust. of Artiodactyla.
Radius	A ray, or outer floret, of the capitulum of such plants as the sunflower and the daisy. See Ray, 2.
Radius	The barbs of a perfect feather.
Radius	Radiating organs, or color-markings, of the radiates.
Radius	The movable limb of a sextant or other angular instrument.
Radius vector	A straight line (or the length of such line) connecting any point, as of a curve, with a fixed point, or pole, round which the straight line turns, and to which it serves to refer the successive points of a curve, in a system of polar coordinates. See Coordinate, n.
Radius vector	An ideal straight line joining the center of an attracting body with that of a body describing an orbit around it, as a line joining the sun and a planet or comet, or a planet and its satellite.
Radices	of Radix
Radixes	of Radix
Radix	A primitive word, from which spring other words; a radical; a root; an etymon.
Radix	A number or quantity which is arbitrarily made the fundamental number of any system; a base. Thus, 10 is the radix, or base, of the common system of logarithms, and also of the decimal system of numeration.
Radix	A finite expression, from which a series is derived.
Radix	The root of a plant.
Radulae	of Radula
Radula	The chitinous ribbon bearing the teeth of mollusks; -- called also lingual ribbon, and tongue. See Odontophore.
Raduliform	Rasplike; as, raduliform teeth.
Raffed	of Raff
Raffing	of Raff
Raff	To sweep, snatch, draw, or huddle together; to take by a promiscuous sweep.
Raff	A promiscuous heap; a jumble; a large quantity; lumber; refuse.
Raff	The sweepings of society; the rabble; the mob; -- chiefly used in the compound or duplicate, riffraff.
Raff	A low fellow; a churl.
Raffaelesque	Raphaelesque.
Raffia	A fibrous material used for tying plants, said to come from the leaves of a palm tree of the genus Raphia.
Raffinose	A colorless crystalline slightly sweet substance obtained from the molasses of the sugar beet.
Raffish	Resembling, or having the character of, raff, or a raff; worthless; low.
Raffle	A kind of lottery, in which several persons pay, in shares, the value of something put up as a stake, and then determine by chance (as by casting dice) which one of them shall become the sole possessor.
Raffle	A game of dice in which he who threw three alike won all the stakes.
Raffled	of Raffle
Raffling	of Raffle
Raffle	To engage in a raffle; as, to raffle for a watch.
Raffle	To dispose of by means of a raffle; -- often followed by off; as, to raffle off a horse.
Raffler	One who raffles.
Rafflesia	A genus of stemless, leafless plants, living parasitically upon the roots and stems of grapevines in Malaysia. The flowers have a carrionlike odor, and are very large, in one species (Rafflesia Arnoldi) having a diameter of two or three feet.
Raft	imp. & p. p. of Reave.
Raft	A collection of logs, boards, pieces of timber, or the like, fastened together, either for their own collective conveyance on the water, or to serve as a support in conveying other things; a float.
Raft	A collection of logs, fallen trees, etc. (such as is formed in some Western rivers of the United States), which obstructs navigation.
Raft	A large collection of people or things taken indiscriminately.
Rafted	of Raft
Rafting	of Raft
Raft	To transport on a raft, or in the form of a raft; to make into a raft; as, to raft timber.
Rafte	imp. of Reave.
Rafter	A raftsman.
Rafter	Originally, any rough and somewhat heavy piece of timber. Now, commonly, one of the timbers of a roof which are put on sloping, according to the inclination of the roof. See Illust. of Queen-post.
Rafter	To make into rafters, as timber.
Rafter	To furnish with rafters, as a house.
Rafter	To plow so as to turn the grass side of each furrow upon an unplowed ridge; to ridge.
Rafting	The business of making or managing rafts.
Raftsmen	of Raftsman
Raftsman	A man engaged in rafting.
Rafty	Damp; musty.
Rag	To scold or rail at; to rate; to tease; to torment; to banter.
Rag	A piece of cloth torn off; a tattered piece of cloth; a shred; a tatter; a fragment.
Rag	Hence, mean or tattered attire; worn-out dress.
Rag	A shabby, beggarly fellow; a ragamuffin.
Rag	A coarse kind of rock, somewhat cellular in texture.
Rag	A ragged edge.
Rag	A sail, or any piece of canvas.
Ragged	of Rag
Ragging	of Rag
Rag	To become tattered.
Rag	To break (ore) into lumps for sorting.
Rag	To cut or dress roughly, as a grindstone.
Ragabash	Alt. of Ragabrash
Ragabrash	An idle, ragged person.
Ragamuffin	A paltry or disreputable fellow; a mean wretch.
Ragamuffin	A person who wears ragged clothing.
Ragamuffin	The long-tailed titmouse.
Rage	Violent excitement; eager passion; extreme vehemence of desire, emotion, or suffering, mastering the will.
Rage	Especially, anger accompanied with raving; overmastering wrath; violent anger; fury.
Rage	A violent or raging wind.
Rage	The subject of eager desire; that which is sought after, or prosecuted, with unreasonable or excessive passion; as, to be all the rage.
Raged	of Rage
Raging	of Rage
Rage	To be furious with anger; to be exasperated to fury; to be violently agitated with passion.
Rage	To be violent and tumultuous; to be violently driven or agitated; to act or move furiously; as, the raging sea or winds.
Rage	To ravage; to prevail without restraint, or with destruction or fatal effect; as, the plague raged in Cairo.
Rage	To toy or act wantonly; to sport.
Rage	To enrage.
Rageful	Full of rage; expressing rage.
Ragery	Wantonness.
Ragged	Rent or worn into tatters, or till the texture is broken; as, a ragged coat; a ragged sail.
Ragged	Broken with rough edges; having jags; uneven; rough; jagged; as, ragged rocks.
Ragged	Hence, harsh and disagreeable to the ear; dissonant.
Ragged	Wearing tattered clothes; as, a ragged fellow.
Ragged	Rough; shaggy; rugged.
Raggie	Alt. of Raggy
Raggy	Ragged; rough.
Raghuvansa	A celebrated Sanskrit poem having for its subject the Raghu dynasty.
Raging	a. & n. from Rage, v. i.
Ragious	Raging; furious; rageful.
Raglan	A loose overcoat with large sleeves; -- named from Lord Raglan, an English general.
Ragmen	of Ragman
Ragman	A man who collects, or deals in, rags.
Ragman	A document having many names or numerous seals, as a papal bull.
Ragman's roll	The rolls of deeds on parchment in which the Scottish nobility and gentry subscribed allegiance to Edward I. of England, A. D. 1296.
Ragout	A dish made of pieces of meat, stewed, and highly seasoned; as, a ragout of mutton.
Ragpicker	One who gets a living by picking up rags and refuse things in the streets.
Raguled	Alt. of Ragguled
Ragguled	Notched in regular diagonal breaks; -- said of a line, or a bearing having such an edge.
Ragweed	A common American composite weed (Ambrosia artemisiaefolia) with finely divided leaves; hogweed.
Ragwork	A kind of rubblework. In the United States, any rubblework of thin and small stones.
Ragwort	A name given to several species of the composite genus Senecio.
Raia	A genus of rays which includes the skates. See Skate.
Raiae	The order of elasmobranch fishes which includes the sawfishes, skates, and rays; -- called also Rajae, and Rajii.
Raid	A hostile or predatory incursion; an inroad or incursion of mounted men; a sudden and rapid invasion by a cavalry force; a foray.
Raid	An attack or invasion for the purpose of making arrests, seizing property, or plundering; as, a raid of the police upon a gambling house; a raid of contractors on the public treasury.
Raided	of Raid
Raiding	of Raid
Raid	To make a raid upon or into; as, two regiments raided the border counties.
Raider	One who engages in a raid.
Rail	An outer cloak or covering; a neckerchief for women.
Rail	To flow forth; to roll out; to course.
Rail	A bar of timber or metal, usually horizontal or nearly so, extending from one post or support to another, as in fences, balustrades, staircases, etc.
Rail	A horizontal piece in a frame or paneling. See Illust. of Style.
Rail	A bar of steel or iron, forming part of the track on which the wheels roll. It is usually shaped with reference to vertical strength, and is held in place by chairs, splices, etc.
Rail	The stout, narrow plank that forms the top of the bulwarks.
Rail	The light, fencelike structures of wood or metal at the break of the deck, and elsewhere where such protection is needed.
Railed	of Rail
Railing	of Rail
Rail	To inclose with rails or a railing.
Rail	To range in a line.
Rail	Any one of numerous species of limicoline birds of the family Rallidae, especially those of the genus Rallus, and of closely allied genera. They are prized as game birds.
Rail	To use insolent and reproachful language; to utter reproaches; to scoff; -- followed by at or against, formerly by on.
Rail	To rail at.
Rail	To move or influence by railing.
Railer	One who rails; one who scoffs, insults, censures, or reproaches with opprobrious language.
Railing	Expressing reproach; insulting.
Railing	A barrier made of a rail or of rails.
Railing	Rails in general; also, material for making rails.
Railingly	With scoffing or insulting language.
Raillery	Pleasantry or slight satire; banter; jesting language; satirical merriment.
Railleur	A banterer; a jester; a mocker.
Railroad	Alt. of Railway
Railway	A road or way consisting of one or more parallel series of iron or steel rails, patterned and adjusted to be tracks for the wheels of vehicles, and suitably supported on a bed or substructure.
Railway	The road, track, etc., with all the lands, buildings, rolling stock, franchises, etc., pertaining to them and constituting one property; as, a certain railroad has been put into the hands of a receiver.
Railroading	The construction of a railroad; the business of managing or operating a railroad.
Raiment	Clothing in general; vesture; garments; -- usually singular in form, with a collective sense.
Raiment	An article of dress.
Rain	Reign.
Rain	Water falling in drops from the clouds; the descent of water from the clouds in drops.
Rained	of Rain
Raining	of Rain
Rain	To fall in drops from the clouds, as water; -- used mostly with it for a nominative; as, it rains.
Rain	To fall or drop like water from the clouds; as, tears rained from their eyes.
Rain	To pour or shower down from above, like rain from the clouds.
Rain	To bestow in a profuse or abundant manner; as, to rain favors upon a person.
Rainbow	A bow or arch exhibiting, in concentric bands, the several colors of the spectrum, and formed in the part of the hemisphere opposite to the sun by the refraction and reflection of the sun's rays in drops of falling rain.
Rainbowed	Formed with or like a rainbow.
Raindeer	See Reindeer.
Raindrop	A drop of rain.
Rainfall	A fall or descent of rain; the water, or amount of water, that falls in rain; as, the average annual rainfall of a region.
Raininess	The state of being rainy.
Rainless	Destitute of rain; as, a rainless region.
Rain-tight	So tight as to exclude rain; as, a rain-tight roof.
Rainy	Abounding with rain; wet; showery; as, rainy weather; a rainy day or season.
Raip	A rope; also, a measure equal to a rod.
Rais	Same as 2d Reis.
Raisable	Capable of being raised.
Raised	of Raise
Raising	of Raise
Raise	To cause to rise; to bring from a lower to a higher place; to lift upward; to elevate; to heave; as, to raise a stone or weight.
Raise	To bring to a higher condition or situation; to elevate in rank, dignity, and the like; to increase the value or estimation of; to promote; to exalt; to advance; to enhance; as, to raise from a low estate; to raise to office; to raise the price, and the like.
Raise	To increase the strength, vigor, or vehemence of; to excite; to intensify; to invigorate; to heighten; as, to raise the pulse; to raise the voice; to raise the spirits or the courage; to raise the heat of a furnace.
Raise	To elevate in degree according to some scale; as, to raise the pitch of the voice; to raise the temperature of a room.
Raise	To cause to rise up, or assume an erect position or posture; to set up; to make upright; as, to raise a mast or flagstaff.
Raise	To cause to spring up from a recumbent position, from a state of quiet, or the like; to awaken; to arouse.
Raise	To rouse to action; to stir up; to incite to tumult, struggle, or war; to excite.
Raise	To bring up from the lower world; to call up, as a spirit from the world of spirits; to recall from death; to give life to.
Raise	To cause to arise, grow up, or come into being or to appear; to give rise to; to originate, produce, cause, effect, or the like.
Raise	To form by the accumulation of materials or constituent parts; to build up; to erect;  as, to raise a lofty structure, a wall, a heap of stones.
Raise	To bring together; to collect; to levy; to get together or obtain for use or service; as, to raise money, troops, and the like.
Raise	To cause to grow; to procure to be produced, bred, or propagated; to grow; as, to raise corn, barley, hops, etc.; toraise cattle.
Raise	To bring into being; to produce; to cause to arise, come forth, or appear; -- often with up.
Raise	To give rise to; to set agoing; to occasion; to start; to originate; as, to raise a smile or a blush.
Raise	To give vent or utterance to; to utter; to strike up.
Raise	To bring to notice; to submit for consideration; as, to raise a point of order; to raise an objection.
Raise	To cause to rise, as by the effect of leaven; to make light and spongy, as bread.
Raise	To cause (the land or any other object) to seem higher by drawing nearer to it; as, to raise Sandy Hook light.
Raise	To let go; as in the command, Raise tacks and sheets, i. e., Let go tacks and sheets.
Raise	To create or constitute; as, to raise a use, that is, to create it.
Raised	Lifted up; showing above the surroundings; as, raised or embossed metal work.
Raised	Leavened; made with leaven, or yeast; -- used of bread, cake, etc., as distinguished from that made with cream of tartar, soda, etc.  See Raise, v. t., 4.
Raiser	One who, or that which, raises (in various senses of the verb).
Raisin	A grape, or a bunch of grapes.
Raisin	A grape dried in the sun or by artificial heat.
Raising	The act of lifting, setting up, elevating, exalting, producing, or restoring to life.
Raising	Specifically, the operation or work of setting up the frame of a building; as, to help at a raising.
Raising	The operation of embossing sheet metal, or of forming it into cup-shaped or hollow articles, by hammering, stamping, or spinning.
Raisonne	Arranged systematically, or according to classes or subjects; as, a catalogue raisonne. See under Catalogue.
Raivel	A separator.
Raj	Reign; rule.
Raja	Same as Rajah.
Rajah	A native prince or king; also, a landholder or person of importance in the agricultural districts.
Rajahship	The office or dignity of a rajah.
Rajpoot	Alt. of Rajput
Rajput	A Hindoo of the second, or royal and military, caste; a Kshatriya; especially, an inhabitant of the country of Rajpootana, in northern central India.
Rake	An implement consisting of a headpiece having teeth, and a long handle at right angles to it, -- used for collecting hay, or other light things which are spread over a large surface, or for breaking and smoothing the earth.
Rake	A toothed machine drawn by a horse, -- used for collecting hay or grain; a horserake.
Rake	A fissure or mineral vein traversing the strata vertically, or nearly so; -- called also rake-vein.
Raked	of Rake
Raking	of Rake
Rake	To collect with a rake; as, to rake hay; -- often with up; as, he raked up the fallen leaves.
Rake	To collect or draw together with laborious industry; to gather from a wide space; to scrape together; as, to rake together wealth; to rake together slanderous tales; to rake together the rabble of a town.
Rake	To pass a rake over; to scrape or scratch with a rake for the purpose of collecting and clearing off something, or for stirring up the soil; as, to rake a lawn; to rake a flower bed.
Rake	To search through; to scour; to ransack.
Rake	To scrape or scratch across; to pass over quickly and lightly, as a rake does.
Rake	To enfilade; to fire in a direction with the length of; in naval engagements, to cannonade, as a ship, on the stern or head so that the balls range the whole length of the deck.
Rake	To use a rake, as for searching or for collecting; to scrape; to search minutely.
Rake	To pass with violence or rapidity; to scrape along.
Rake	The inclination of anything from a perpendicular direction; as, the rake of a roof, a staircase, etc.
Rake	the inclination of a mast or funnel, or, in general, of any part of a vessel not perpendicular to the keel.
Rake	To incline from a perpendicular direction; as, a mast rakes aft.
Rake	A loose, disorderly, vicious man; a person addicted to lewdness and other scandalous vices; a debauchee; a roue.
Rake	To walk about; to gad or ramble idly.
Rake	To act the rake; to lead a dissolute, debauched life.
Rakehell	A lewd, dissolute fellow; a debauchee; a rake.
Rakehell	Alt. of Rakehelly
Rakehelly	Dissolute; wild; lewd; rakish.
Rakel	Hasty; reckless; rash.
Raker	One who, or that which, rakes
Raker	A person who uses a rake.
Raker	A machine for raking grain or hay by horse or other power.
Raker	A gun so placed as to rake an enemy's ship.
Raker	See Gill rakers, under 1st Gill.
Rakery	Debauchery; lewdness.
Rakeshame	A vile, dissolute wretch.
Rakestale	The handle of a rake.
Rake-vein	See Rake, a mineral vein.
Raking	The act or process of using a rake; the going over a space with a rake.
Raking	A space gone over with a rake; also, the work done, or the quantity of hay, grain, etc., collected, by going once over a space with a rake.
Rakish	Dissolute; lewd; debauched.
Rakish	Having a saucy appearance indicative of speed and dash.
Rakishly	In a rakish manner.
Rakishness	The quality or state of being rakish.
Raku ware	A kind of earthenware made in Japan, resembling Satsuma ware, but having a paler color.
Rale	An adventitious sound, usually of morbid origin, accompanying the normal respiratory sounds. See Rhonchus.
Rallentando	Slackening; -- a direction to perform a passage with a gradual decrease in time and force; ritardando.
Ralliance	The act of rallying.
Rallier	One who rallies.
Ralline	Pertaining to the rails.
Rallied	of Rally
Rallying	of Rally
Rally	To collect, and reduce to order, as troops dispersed or thrown into confusion; to gather again; to reunite.
Rally	To come into orderly arrangement; to renew order, or united effort, as troops scattered or put to flight; to assemble; to unite.
Rally	To collect one's vital powers or forces; to regain health or consciousness; to recuperate.
Rally	To recover strength after a decline in prices; -- said of the market, stocks, etc.
Rallies	of Rally
Rally	The act or process of rallying (in any of the senses of that word).
Rally	A political mass meeting.
Rally	To attack with raillery, either in good humor and pleasantry, or with slight contempt or satire.
Rally	To use pleasantry, or satirical merriment.
Rally	Good-humored raillery.
Ralph	A name sometimes given to the raven.
Ralstonite	A fluoride of alumina and soda occurring with the Greenland cryolite in octahedral crystals.
Ram	The male of the sheep and allied animals. In some parts of England a ram is called a tup.
Ram	Aries, the sign of the zodiac which the sun enters about the 21st of March.
Ram	The constellation Aries, which does not now, as formerly, occupy the sign of the same name.
Ram	An engine of war used for butting or battering.
Ram	In ancient warfare, a long beam suspended by slings in a framework, and used for battering the walls of cities; a battering-ram.
Ram	A heavy steel or iron beak attached to the prow of a steam war vessel for piercing or cutting down the vessel of an enemy; also, a vessel carrying such a beak.
Ram	A hydraulic ram. See under Hydraulic.
Ram	The weight which strikes the blow, in a pile driver, steam hammer, stamp mill, or the like.
Ram	The plunger of a hydraulic press.
Rammed	of Ram
Ramming	of Ram
Ram	To butt or strike against; to drive a ram against or through; to thrust or drive with violence; to force in; to drive together; to cram; as, to ram an enemy's vessel; to ram piles, cartridges, etc.
Ram	To fill or compact by pounding or driving.
Ramadan	The ninth Mohammedan month.
Ramadan	The great annual fast of the Mohammedans, kept during daylight through the ninth month.
Ramage	Boughs or branches.
Ramage	Warbling of birds in trees.
Ramage	Wild; untamed.
Ramagious	Wild; not tame.
Ramal	Of or pertaining to a ramus, or branch; rameal.
Ramayana	The more ancient of the two great epic poems in Sanskrit. The hero and heroine are Rama and his wife Sita.
Ramberge	Formerly, a kind of large war galley.
Rambled	of Ramble
Rambling	of Ramble
Ramble	To walk, ride, or sail, from place to place, without any determinate object in view; to roam carelessly or irregularly; to rove; to wander; as, to ramble about the city; to ramble over the world.
Ramble	To talk or write in a discursive, aimless way.
Ramble	To extend or grow at random.
Ramble	A going or moving from place to place without any determinate business or object; an excursion or stroll merely for recreation.
Ramble	A bed of shale over the seam.
Rambler	One who rambles; a rover; a wanderer.
Rambling	Roving; wandering; discursive; as, a rambling fellow, talk, or building.
Ramblingly	In a rambling manner.
Rambooze	A beverage made of wine, ale (or milk), sugar, etc.
Rambutan	A Malayan fruit produced by the tree Nephelium lappaceum, and closely related to the litchi nut. It is bright red, oval in shape, covered with coarse hairs (whence the name), and contains a pleasant acid pulp. Called also ramboostan.
Rameal	Same as Ramal.
Ramean	A Ramist.
Ramed	Having the frames, stem, and sternpost adjusted; -- said of a ship on the stocks.
Ramee	See Ramie.
Ramekin	See Ramequin.
Rament	A scraping; a shaving.
Rament	Ramenta.
Ramenta	Thin brownish chaffy scales upon the leaves or young shoots of some plants, especially upon the petioles and leaves of ferns.
Ramentaceous	Covered with ramenta.
Rameous	Ramal.
Ramequin	A mixture of cheese, eggs, etc., formed in a mold, or served on bread.
Ramie	The grass-cloth plant (B/hmeria nivea); also, its fiber, which is very fine and exceedingly strong; -- called also China grass, and rhea. See Grass-cloth plant, under Grass.
Ramification	The process of branching, or the development of branches or offshoots from a stem; also, the mode of their arrangement.
Ramification	A small branch or offshoot proceeding from a main stock or channel; as, the ramifications of an artery, vein, or nerve.
Ramification	A division into principal and subordinate classes, heads, or departments; also, one of the subordinate parts; as, the ramifications of a subject or scheme.
Ramification	The production of branchlike figures.
Ramiflorous	Flowering on the branches.
Ramiform	Having the form of a branch.
Ramified	of Ramify
Ramifying	of Ramify
Ramify	To divide into branches or subdivisions; as, to ramify an art, subject, scheme.
Ramify	To shoot, or divide, into branches or subdivisions, as the stem of a plant.
Ramify	To be divided or subdivided, as a main subject.
Ramigerous	Bearing branches; branched.
Ramiparous	Producing branches; ramigerous.
Ramist	A follower of Pierre Rame, better known as Ramus, a celebrated French scholar, who was professor of rhetoric and philosophy at Paris in the reign of Henry II., and opposed the Aristotelians.
Ramline	A line used to get a straight middle line, as on a spar, or from stem to stern in building a vessel.
Rammel	Refuse matter.
Rammer	One who, or that which, rams or drives.
Rammer	An instrument for driving anything with force; as, a rammer for driving stones or piles, or for beating the earth to more solidity
Rammer	A rod for forcing down the charge of a gun; a ramrod
Rammer	An implement for pounding the sand of a mold to render it compact.
Rammish	Like a ram; hence, rank; lascivious.
Rammishness	The quality of being rammish.
Rammy	Like a ram; rammish.
Ramollescence	A softening or mollifying.
Ramoon	A small West Indian tree (Trophis Americana) of the Mulberry family, whose leaves and twigs are used as fodder for cattle.
Ramose	Branched, as the stem or root of a plant; having lateral divisions; consisting of, or having, branches; full of branches; ramifying; branching; branchy.
Ramous	Ramose.
Ramped	of Ramp
Ramping	of Ramp
Ramp	To spring; to leap; to bound; to rear; to prance; to become rampant; hence, to frolic; to romp.
Ramp	To move by leaps, or as by leaps; hence, to move swiftly or with violence.
Ramp	To climb, as a plant; to creep up.
Ramp	A leap; a spring; a hostile advance.
Ramp	A highwayman; a robber.
Ramp	A romping woman; a prostitute.
Ramp	Any sloping member, other than a purely constructional one, such as a continuous parapet to a staircase.
Ramp	A short bend, slope, or curve, where a hand rail or cap changes its direction.
Ramp	An inclined plane serving as a communication between different interior levels.
Rampacious	High-spirited; rampageous.
Rampage	Violent or riotous behavior; a state of excitement, passion, or debauchery; as, to be on the rampage.
Rampage	To leap or prance about, as an animal; to be violent; to rage.
Rampageous	Characterized by violence and passion; unruly; rampant.
Rampallian	A mean wretch.
Rampancy	The quality or state of being rampant; excessive action or development; exuberance; extravagance.
Rampant	Ramping; leaping; springing; rearing upon the hind legs; hence, raging; furious.
Rampant	Ascending; climbing; rank in growth; exuberant.
Rampant	Rising with fore paws in the air as if attacking; -- said of a beast of prey, especially a lion. The right fore leg and right hind leg should be raised higher than the left.
Rampantly	In a rampant manner.
Rampart	That which fortifies and defends from assault; that which secures safety; a defense or bulwark.
Rampart	A broad embankment of earth round a place, upon which the parapet is raised. It forms the substratum of every permanent fortification.
Ramparted	of Rampart
Ramparting	of Rampart
Rampart	To surround or protect with, or as with, a rampart or ramparts.
Rampe	The cuckoopint.
Rampier	See Rampart.
Rampion	A plant (Campanula Rapunculus) of the Bellflower family, with a tuberous esculent root; -- also called ramps.
Rampire	A rampart.
Rampire	To fortify with a rampire; to form into a rampire.
Rampler	A rambler.
Rampler	Roving; rambling.
Ramrod	The rod used in ramming home the charge in a muzzle-loading firearm.
Ramshackle	Loose; disjointed; falling to pieces; out of repair.
Ramshackle	To search or ransack; to rummage.
Ramson	A broad-leaved species of garlic (Allium ursinum), common in European gardens; -- called also buckram.
Ramsted	A yellow-flowered weed; -- so named from a Mr. Ramsted who introduced it into Pennsylvania. See Toad flax. Called also Ramsted weed.
Ramulose	Having many small branches, or ramuli.
Ramulous	Ramulose.
Ramuli	of Ramulus
Ramulus	A small branch, or branchlet, of corals, hydroids, and similar organisms.
Rami	of Ramus
Ramus	A branch; a projecting part or prominent process; a ramification.
Ramuscule	A small ramus, or branch.
Ran	imp. of Run.
Ran	Open robbery.
Ran	Yarns coiled on a spun-yarn winch.
Rana	A genus of anurous batrachians, including the common frogs.
Ranal	Having a general affinity to ranunculaceous plants.
Rance	A prop or shore.
Rance	A round between the legs of a chair.
Rancescent	Becoming rancid or sour.
Ranch	To wrench; to tear; to sprain; to injure by violent straining or contortion.
Ranch	A tract of land used for grazing and the rearing of horses, cattle, or sheep. See Rancho, 2.
Rancheros	of Ranchero
Ranchero	A herdsman; a peasant employed on a ranch or rancho.
Ranchero	The owner and occupant of a ranch or rancho.
Ranchmen	of Ranchman
Ranchman	An owner or occupant of, or laborer on, a ranch; a herdsman.
Ranchos	of Rancho
Rancho	A rude hut, as of posts, covered with branches or thatch, where herdsmen or farm laborers may live or lodge at night.
Rancho	A large grazing farm where horses and cattle are raised; -- distinguished from hacienda, a cultivated farm or plantation.
Rancid	Having a rank smell or taste, from chemical change or decomposition; musty; as, rancid oil or butter.
Rancidity	The quality or state of being rancid; a rancid scent or flavor, as of old oil.
Rancidly	In a rancid manner.
Rancidness	The quality of being rancid.
Rancor	The deepest malignity or spite; deep-seated enmity or malice; inveterate hatred.
Rancorous	Full of rancor; evincing, or caused by, rancor; deeply malignant; implacably spiteful or malicious; intensely virulent.
Rancorously	In a rancorous manner.
Rand	A border; edge; margin.
Rand	A long, fleshy piece, as of beef, cut from the flank or leg; a sort of steak.
Rand	A thin inner sole for a shoe; also, a leveling slip of leather applied to the sole before attaching the heel.
Rand	To rant; to storm.
Randall grass	The meadow fescue (Festuca elatior). See under Grass.
Randan	The product of a second sifting of meal; the finest part of the bran.
Randan	A boat propelled by three rowers with four oars, the middle rower pulling two.
Randing	The act or process of making and applying rands for shoes.
Randing	A kind of basket work used in gabions.
Random	Force; violence.
Random	A roving motion; course without definite direction; want of direction, rule, or method; hazard; chance; -- commonly used in the phrase at random, that is, without a settled point of direction; at hazard.
Random	Distance to which a missile is cast; range; reach; as, the random of a rifle ball.
Random	The direction of a rake-vein.
Random	Going at random or by chance; done or made at hazard, or without settled direction, aim, or purpose; hazarded without previous calculation; left to chance; haphazard; as, a random guess.
Randomly	In a random manner.
Randon	Random.
Randon	To go or stray at random.
Ranedeer	See Reindeer.
Ranee	Same as Rani.
Ranforce	See Re/nforce.
Rang	imp. of Ring, v. t. & i.
Ranged	of Range
Ranging	of Range
Range	To set in a row, or in rows; to place in a regular line or lines, or in ranks; to dispose in the proper order; to rank; as, to range soldiers in line.
Range	To place (as a single individual) among others in a line, row, or order, as in the ranks of an army; -- usually, reflexively and figuratively, (in the sense) to espouse a cause, to join a party, etc.
Range	To separate into parts; to sift.
Range	To dispose in a classified or in systematic order; to arrange regularly; as, to range plants and animals in genera and species.
Range	To rove over or through; as, to range the fields.
Range	To sail or pass in a direction parallel to or near; as, to range the coast.
Range	To be native to, or to live in; to frequent.
Range	To rove at large; to wander without restraint or direction; to roam.
Range	To have range; to change or differ within limits; to be capable of projecting, or to admit of being projected, especially as to horizontal distance; as, the temperature ranged through seventy degrees Fahrenheit; the gun ranges three miles; the shot ranged four miles.
Range	To be placed in order; to be ranked; to admit of arrangement or classification; to rank.
Range	To have a certain direction; to correspond in direction; to be or keep in a corresponding line; to trend or run; -- often followed by with; as, the front of a house ranges with the street; to range along the coast.
Range	To be native to, or live in, a certain district or region; as, the peba ranges from Texas to Paraguay.
Range	A series of things in a line; a row; a rank; as, a range of buildings; a range of mountains.
Range	An aggregate of individuals in one rank or degree; an order; a class.
Range	The step of a ladder; a rung.
Range	A kitchen grate.
Range	An extended cooking apparatus of cast iron, set in brickwork, and affording conveniences for various ways of cooking; also, a kind of cooking stove.
Range	A bolting sieve to sift meal.
Range	A wandering or roving; a going to and fro; an excursion; a ramble; an expedition.
Range	That which may be ranged over; place or room for excursion; especially, a region of country in which cattle or sheep may wander and pasture.
Range	Extent or space taken in by anything excursive; compass or extent of excursion; reach; scope; discursive power; as, the range of one's voice, or authority.
Range	The region within which a plant or animal naturally lives.
Range	The horizontal distance to which a shot or other projectile is carried.
Range	Sometimes, less properly, the trajectory of a shot or projectile.
Range	A place where shooting, as with cannons or rifles, is practiced.
Range	In the public land system of the United States, a row or line of townships lying between two successive meridian lines six miles apart.
Range	See Range of cable, below.
Rangement	Arrangement.
Ranger	One who ranges; a rover; sometimes, one who ranges for plunder; a roving robber.
Ranger	That which separates or arranges; specifically, a sieve.
Ranger	A dog that beats the ground in search of game.
Ranger	One of a body of mounted troops, formerly armed with short muskets, who range over the country, and often fight on foot.
Ranger	The keeper of a public park or forest; formerly, a sworn officer of a forest, appointed by the king's letters patent, whose business was to walk through the forest, recover beasts that had strayed beyond its limits, watch the deer, present trespasses to the next court held for the forest, etc.
Rangership	The office of the keeper of a forest or park.
Rangle	To range about in an irregular manner.
Rani	A queen or princess; the wife of a rajah.
Ranine	Of or pertaining to the frogs and toads.
Ranine	Pertaining to, or designating, a swelling under the tongue; also, pertaining to the region where the swelling occurs; -- applied especially to branches of the lingual artery and lingual vein.
Rank	Luxuriant in growth; of vigorous growth; exuberant; grown to immoderate height; as, rank grass; rank weeds.
Rank	Raised to a high degree; violent; extreme; gross; utter; as, rank heresy.
Rank	Causing vigorous growth; producing luxuriantly; very rich and fertile; as, rank land.
Rank	Strong-scented; rancid; musty; as, oil of a rank smell; rank-smelling rue.
Rank	Strong to the taste.
Rank	Inflamed with venereal appetite.
Rank	Rankly; stoutly; violently.
Rank	A row or line; a range; an order; a tier; as, a rank of osiers.
Rank	A line of soldiers ranged side by side; -- opposed to file. See 1st File, 1 (a).
Rank	Grade of official standing, as in the army, navy, or nobility; as, the rank of general; the rank of admiral.
Rank	An aggregate of individuals classed together; a permanent social class; an order; a division; as, ranks and orders of men; the highest and the lowest ranks of men, or of other intelligent beings.
Rank	Degree of dignity, eminence, or excellence; position in civil or social life; station; degree; grade; as, a writer of the first rank; a lawyer of high rank.
Rank	Elevated grade or standing; high degree; high social position; distinction; eminence; as, a man of rank.
Ranked	of Rank
Ranking	of Rank
Rank	To place abreast, or in a line.
Rank	To range in a particular class, order, or division; to class; also, to dispose methodically; to place in suitable classes or order; to classify.
Rank	To take rank of; to outrank.
Rank	To be ranged; to be set or disposed, as in a particular degree, class, order, or division.
Rank	To have a certain grade or degree of elevation in the orders of civil or military life; to have a certain degree of esteem or consideration; as, he ranks with the first class of poets; he ranks high in public estimation.
Ranker	One who ranks, or disposes in ranks; one who arranges.
Rankled	of Rankle
Rankling	of Rankle
Rankle	To become, or be, rank; to grow rank or strong; to be inflamed; to fester; -- used literally and figuratively.
Rankle	To produce a festering or inflamed effect; to cause a sore; -- used literally and figuratively; as, a splinter rankles in the flesh; the words rankled in his bosom.
Rankle	To cause to fester; to make sore; to inflame.
Rankly	With rank or vigorous growth; luxuriantly; hence, coarsely; grossly; as, weeds grow rankly.
Rankness	The condition or quality of being rank.
Rannel	A prostitute.
Ranny	The erd shrew.
Ransacked	of Ransack
Ransacking	of Ransack
Ransack	To search thoroughly; to search every place or part of; as, to ransack a house.
Ransack	To plunder; to pillage completely.
Ransack	To violate; to ravish; to defiour.
Ransack	To make a thorough search.
Ransack	The act of ransacking, or state of being ransacked; pillage.
Ransom	The release of a captive, or of captured property, by payment of a consideration; redemption; as, prisoners hopeless of ransom.
Ransom	The money or price paid for the redemption of a prisoner, or for goods captured by an enemy; payment for freedom from restraint, penalty, or forfeit.
Ransom	A sum paid for the pardon of some great offense and the discharge of the offender; also, a fine paid in lieu of corporal punishment.
Ransomed	of Ransom
Ransoming	of Ransom
Ransom	To redeem from captivity, servitude, punishment, or forfeit, by paying a price; to buy out of servitude or penalty; to rescue; to deliver; as, to ransom prisoners from an enemy.
Ransom	To exact a ransom for, or a payment on.
Ransomable	Such as can be ransomed.
Ransomer	One who ransoms or redeems.
Ransomless	Incapable of being ransomed; without ransom.
Ranted	of Rant
Ranting	of Rant
Rant	To rave in violent, high-sounding, or extravagant language, without dignity of thought; to be noisy, boisterous, and bombastic in talk or declamation; as, a ranting preacher.
Rant	High-sounding language, without importance or dignity of thought; boisterous, empty declamation; bombast; as, the rant of fanatics.
Ranter	A noisy talker; a raving declaimer.
Ranter	One of a religious sect which sprung up in 1645; -- called also Seekers. See Seeker.
Ranter	One of the Primitive Methodists, who seceded from the Wesleyan Methodists on the ground of their deficiency in fervor and zeal; -- so called in contempt.
Ranterism	The practice or tenets of the Ranters.
Rantingly	In a ranting manner.
Rantipole	A wild, romping young person.
Rantipole	Wild; roving; rakish.
Rantipole	To act like a rantipole.
Rantism	Ranterism.
Ranty	Wild; noisy; boisterous.
Ranula	A cyst formed under the tongue by obstruction of the duct of the submaxillary gland.
Ranunculaceous	Of or pertaining to a natural order of plants (Ranunculaceae), of which the buttercup is the type, and which includes also the virgin's bower, the monkshood, larkspur, anemone, meadow rue, and peony.
Ranunculuses	of Ranunculus
Ranunculi	of Ranunculus
Ranunculus	A genus of herbs, mostly with yellow flowers, including crowfoot, buttercups, and the cultivated ranunculi (R. Asiaticus, R. aconitifolius, etc.) in which the flowers are double and of various colors.
Ranz des vaches	The name for numerous simple, but very irregular, melodies of the Swiss mountaineers, blown on a long tube called the Alpine horn, and sometimes sung.
Rap	A lay or skein containing 120 yards of yarn.
Rapped	of Rap
Rapping	of Rap
Rap	To strike with a quick, sharp blow; to knock; as, to rap on the door.
Rap	To strike with a quick blow; to knock on.
Rap	To free (a pattern) in a mold by light blows on the pattern, so as to facilitate its removal.
Rap	A quick, smart blow; a knock.
Rapped	of Rap
Rapt	of Rap
Rapping	of Rap
Rap	To snatch away; to seize and hurry off.
Rap	To hasten.
Rap	To seize and bear away, as the mind or thoughts; to transport out of one's self; to affect with ecstasy or rapture; as, rapt into admiration.
Rap	To exchange; to truck.
Rap	A popular name for any of the tokens that passed current for a half-penny in Ireland in the early part of the eighteenth century; any coin of trifling value.
Rapaces	Same as Accipitres.
Rapacious	Given to plunder; disposed or accustomed to seize by violence; seizing by force.
Rapacious	Accustomed to seize food; subsisting on prey, or animals seized by violence; as, a tiger is a rapacious animal; a rapacious bird.
Rapacious	Avaricious; grasping; extortionate; also, greedy; ravenous; voracious; as, rapacious usurers; a rapacious appetite.
Rapacity	The quality of being rapacious; rapaciousness; ravenousness; as, the rapacity of pirates; the rapacity of wolves.
Rapacity	The act or practice of extorting or exacting by oppressive injustice; exorbitant greediness of gain.
Raparee	See Rapparee.
Rape	Fruit, as grapes, plucked from the cluster.
Rape	The refuse stems and skins of grapes or raisins from which the must has been expressed in wine making.
Rape	A filter containing the above refuse, used in clarifying and perfecting malt, vinegar, etc.
Rape	The act of seizing and carrying away by force; violent seizure; robbery.
Rape	Sexual connection with a woman without her consent. See Age of consent, under Consent, n.
Rape	That which is snatched away.
Rape	Movement, as in snatching; haste; hurry.
Rape	To commit rape upon; to ravish.
Rape	To rob; to pillage.
Rape	One of six divisions of the county of Sussex, England, intermediate between a hundred and a shire.
Rape	A name given to a variety or to varieties of a plant of the turnip kind, grown for seeds and herbage. The seeds are used for the production of rape oil, and to a limited extent for the food of cage birds.
Rapeful	Violent.
Rapeful	Given to the commission of rape.
Rapfully	Violently.
Raphaelesque	Like Raphael's works; in Raphael's manner of painting.
Raphaelism	The principles of painting introduced by Raphael, the Italian painter.
Raphaelite	One who advocates or adopts the principles of Raphaelism.
Raphany	A convulsive disease, attended with ravenous hunger, not uncommon in Sweden and Germany. It was so called because supposed to be caused by eating corn with which seeds of jointed charlock (Raphanus raphanistrum) had been mixed, but the condition is now known to be a form of ergotism.
Raphe	A line, ridge, furrow, or band of fibers, especially in the median line; as, the raphe of the tongue.
Raphe	Same as Rhaphe.
Raphides	See Rhaphides.
Rapid	Very swift or quick; moving with celerity; fast; as, a rapid stream; a rapid flight; a rapid motion.
Rapid	Advancing with haste or speed; speedy in progression; in quick sequence; as, rapid growth; rapid improvement; rapid recurrence; rapid succession.
Rapid	Quick in execution; as, a rapid penman.
Rapid	The part of a river where the current moves with great swiftness, but without actual waterfall or cascade; -- usually in the plural; as, the Lachine rapids in the St. Lawrence.
Rapidity	The quality or state of being rapid; swiftness; celerity; velocity; as, the rapidity of a current; rapidity of speech; rapidity of growth or improvement.
Rapidly	In a rapid manner.
Rapidness	Quality of being rapid; rapidity.
Rapier	A straight sword, with a narrow and finely pointed blade, used only for thrusting.
Rapiered	Wearing a rapier.
Rapilli	Lapilli.
Rapine	The act of plundering; the seizing and carrying away of things by force; spoliation; pillage; plunder.
Rapine	Ravishment; rape.
Rapine	To plunder.
Rapinous	Given to rapine.
Rappage	The enlargement of a mold caused by rapping the pattern.
Rapparee	A wild Irish plunderer, esp. one of the 17th century; -- so called from his carrying a half-pike, called a rapary.
Rapped	imp. & p. p. of Rap, to strike.
Rapped	imp. & p. p. of Rap, to snatch away.
Rappee	A pungent kind of snuff made from the darker and ranker kinds of tobacco leaves.
Rappel	The beat of the drum to call soldiers to arms.
Rapper	One who, or that which, raps or knocks; specifically, the knocker of a door.
Rapper	A forcible oath or lie.
Rapport	Relation; proportion; conformity; correspondence; accord.
Rapscallion	A rascal; a good-for-nothing fellow.
Rapt	imp. & p. p. of Rap, to snatch away.
Rapt	Snatched away; hurried away or along.
Rapt	Transported with love, admiration, delight, etc.; enraptured.
Rapt	Wholly absorbed or engrossed, as in work or meditation.
Rapt	An ecstasy; a trance.
Rapt	Rapidity.
Rapt	To transport or ravish.
Rapt	To carry away by force.
Rapter	A raptor.
Raptor	A ravisher; a plunderer.
Raptores	Same as Accipitres. Called also Raptatores.
Raptorial	Rapacious; living upon prey; -- said especially of certain birds.
Raptorial	Adapted for seizing prey; -- said of the legs, claws, etc., of insects, birds, and other animals.
Raptorial	Of or pertaining to the Raptores. See Illust. (f) of Aves.
Raptorious	Raptorial.
Rapture	A seizing by violence; a hurrying along; rapidity with violence.
Rapture	The state or condition of being rapt, or carried away from one's self by agreeable excitement; violence of a pleasing passion; extreme joy or pleasure; ecstasy.
Rapture	A spasm; a fit; a syncope; delirium.
Raptured	of Rapture
Rapturing	of Rapture
Rapture	To transport with excitement; to enrapture.
Rapturist	An enthusiast.
Rapturize	To put, or be put, in a state of rapture.
Rapturous	Ecstatic; transporting; ravishing; feeling, expressing, or manifesting rapture; as, rapturous joy, pleasure, or delight; rapturous applause.
Rapturously	In a rapturous manner.
Rare	Early.
Rare	Nearly raw; partially cooked; not thoroughly cooked; underdone; as, rare beef or mutton.
Rare	Not frequent; seldom met with or occurring; unusual; as, a rare event.
Rare	Of an uncommon nature; unusually excellent; valuable to a degree seldom found.
Rare	Thinly scattered; dispersed.
Rare	Characterized by wide separation of parts; of loose texture; not thick or dense; thin; as, a rare atmosphere at high elevations.
Rarebit	A dainty morsel; a Welsh rabbit. See Welsh rabbit, under Rabbit.
Raree-show	A show carried about in a box; a peep show.
Rarefaction	The act or process of rarefying; the state of being rarefied; -- opposed to condensation; as, the rarefaction of air.
Rarefiable	Capable of being rarefied.
Rarefied	of Rarefy
Rarefying	of Rarefy
Rarefy	To make rare, thin, porous, or less dense; to expand or enlarge without adding any new portion of matter to; -- opposed to condense.
Rarefy	To become less dense; to become thin and porous.
Rarely	In a rare manner or degree; seldom; not often; as, things rarely seen.
Rarely	Finely; excellently; with rare skill. See 3d Rare, 2.
Rareness	The state or quality of being rare.
Rareripe	Early ripe; ripe before others, or before the usual season.
Rareripe	An early ripening fruit, especially a kind of freestone peach.
Rarification	See Rarefaction.
Rarities	of Rarity
Rarity	The quality or state of being rare; rareness; thinness; as, the rarity (contrasted with the density) of gases.
Rarity	That which is rare; an uncommon thing; a thing valued for its scarcity.
Ras	See 2d Reis.
Rasante	Sweeping; grazing; -- applied to a style of fortification in which the command of the works over each other, and over the country, is kept very low, in order that the shot may more effectually sweep or graze the ground before them.
Rascal	One of the rabble; a low, common sort of person or creature; collectively, the rabble; the common herd; also, a lean, ill-conditioned beast, esp. a deer.
Rascal	A mean, trickish fellow; a base, dishonest person; a rogue; a scoundrel; a trickster.
Rascal	Of or pertaining to the common herd or common people; low; mean; base.
Rascaldom	State of being a rascal; rascality; domain of rascals; rascals, collectively.
Rascaless	A female rascal.
Rascalities	of Rascality
Rascality	The quality or state of being rascally, or a rascal; mean trickishness or dishonesty; base fraud.
Rascality	The poorer and lower classes of people.
Rascallion	A low, mean wretch.
Rascally	Like a rascal; trickish or dishonest; base; worthless; -- often in humorous disparagement, without implication of dishonesty.
Rased	of Rase
Rasing	of Rase
Rase	To rub along the surface of; to graze.
Rase	To rub or scratch out; to erase.
Rase	To level with the ground; to overthrow; to destroy; to raze.
Rase	To be leveled with the ground; to fall; to suffer overthrow.
Rase	A scratching out, or erasure.
Rase	A slight wound; a scratch.
Rase	A way of measuring in which the commodity measured was made even with the top of the measuring vessel by rasing, or striking off, all that was above it.
Rash	To pull off or pluck violently.
Rash	To slash; to hack; to cut; to slice.
Rash	A fine eruption or efflorescence on the body, with little or no elevation.
Rash	An inferior kind of silk, or mixture of silk and worsted.
Rash	Sudden in action; quick; hasty.
Rash	Requiring sudden action; pressing; urgent.
Rash	Esp., overhasty in counsel or action; precipitate; resolving or entering on a project or measure without due deliberation and caution; opposed to prudent; said of persons; as, a rash statesman or commander.
Rash	Uttered or undertaken with too much haste or too little reflection; as, rash words; rash measures.
Rash	So dry as to fall out of the ear with handling, as corn.
Rash	To prepare with haste.
Rasher	A thin slice of bacon.
Rasher	A California rockfish (Sebastichthys miniatus).
Rashful	Rash; hasty; precipitate.
Rashling	A rash person.
Rashly	In a rash manner; with precipitation.
Rashness	The quality or state of being rash.
Raskolnik	One of the separatists or dissenters from the established or Greek church in Russia.
Rasores	An order of birds; the Gallinae.
Rasorial	Of or pertaining to the Rasores, or gallinaceous birds, as the peacock, domestic fowl, partridge, quail, and the like.
Rasour	Razor.
Rasped	of Rasp
Rasping	of Rasp
Rasp	To rub or file with a rasp; to rub or grate with a rough file; as, to rasp wood to make it smooth; to rasp bones to powder.
Rasp	Hence, figuratively: To grate harshly upon; to offend by coarse or rough treatment or language; as, some sounds rasp the ear; his insults rasped my temper.
Rasp	A coarse file, on which the cutting prominences are distinct points raised by the oblique stroke of a sharp punch, instead of lines raised by a chisel, as on the true file.
Rasp	The raspberry.
Raspatorium	See Raspatory.
Raspatory	A surgeon's rasp.
Raspberry	The thimble-shaped fruit of the Rubus Idaeus and other similar brambles; as, the black, the red, and the white raspberry.
Raspberry	The shrub bearing this fruit.
Rasper	One who, or that which, rasps; a scraper.
Raspis	The raspberry.
Raspy	Like a rasp, or the sound made by a rasp; grating.
Rasse	A carnivore (Viverricula Mallaccensis) allied to the civet but smaller, native of China and the East Indies. It furnishes a perfume resembling that of the civet, which is highly prized by the Javanese. Called also Malacca weasel, and lesser civet.
Rasure	The act of rasing, scraping, or erasing; erasure; obliteration.
Rasure	A mark by which a letter, word, or any part of a writing or print, is erased, effaced, or obliterated; an erasure.
Rat	One of  several species of small rodents of the genus Mus and allied genera, larger than mice, that infest houses, stores, and ships, especially the Norway, or brown, rat (M. decumanus), the black rat (M. rattus), and the roof rat (M. Alexandrinus). These were introduced into America from the Old World.
Rat	A round and tapering mass of hair, or similar material, used by women to support the puffs and rolls of their natural hair.
Rat	One who deserts his party or associates; hence, in the trades, one who works for lower wages than those prescribed by a trades union.
Ratted	of Rat
Ratting	of Rat
Rat	In English politics, to desert one's party from interested motives; to forsake one's associates for one's own advantage; in the trades, to work for less wages, or on other conditions, than those established by a trades union.
Rat	To catch or kill rats.
Rata	A New Zealand forest tree (Metrosideros robusta), also, its hard dark red wood, used by the Maoris for paddles and war clubs.
Ratability	The quality or state of being ratable.
Ratable	Capable of being rated, or set at a certain value.
Ratable	Liable to, or subjected by law to, taxation; as, ratable estate.
Ratable	Made at a proportionate rate; as, ratable payments.
Ratafia	A spirituous liquor flavored with the kernels of cherries, apricots, peaches, or other fruit, spiced, and sweetened with sugar; -- a term applied to the liqueurs called noyau, cura/ao, etc.
Ratan	See Rattan.
Ratany	Same as Rhatany.
Rataplan	The iterative sound of beating a drum, or of a galloping horse.
Ratch	Same as Rotche.
Ratch	A ratchet wheel, or notched bar, with which a pawl or click works.
Ratchel	Gravelly stone.
Ratchet	A pawl, click, or detent, for holding or propelling a ratchet wheel, or ratch, etc.
Ratchet	A mechanism composed of a ratchet wheel, or ratch, and pawl.  See Ratchet wheel, below, and 2d Ratch.
Rate	To chide with vehemence; to scold; to censure violently.
Rate	Established portion or measure; fixed allowance.
Rate	That which is established as a measure or criterion; degree; standard; rank; proportion; ratio; as, a slow rate of movement; rate of interest is the ratio of the interest to the principal, per annum.
Rate	Valuation; price fixed with relation to a standard; cost; charge; as, high or low rates of transportation.
Rate	A tax or sum assessed by authority on property for public use, according to its income or value; esp., in England, a local tax; as, parish rates; town rates.
Rate	Order; arrangement.
Rate	Ratification; approval.
Rate	The gain or loss of a timepiece in a unit of time; as, daily rate; hourly rate; etc.
Rate	The order or class to which a war vessel belongs, determined according to its size, armament, etc.; as, first rate, second rate, etc.
Rate	The class of a merchant vessel for marine insurance, determined by its relative safety as a risk, as A1, A2, etc.
Rated	of Rate
Rating	of Rate
Rate	To set a certain estimate on; to value at a certain price or degree.
Rate	To assess for the payment of a rate or tax.
Rate	To settle the relative scale, rank, position, amount, value, or quality of; as, to rate a ship; to rate a seaman; to rate a pension.
Rate	To ratify.
Rate	To be set or considered in a class; to have rank; as, the ship rates as a ship of the line.
Rate	To make an estimate.
Rateable	See Ratable.
Ratel	Any carnivore of the genus Mellivora, allied to the weasels and the skunks; -- called also honey badger.
Ratepayer	One who pays rates or taxes.
Rater	One who rates or estimates.
Rater	One who rates or scolds.
Ratfish	Same as Rat-tail.
Rath	A hill or mound.
Rath	A kind of ancient fortification found in Ireland.
Rath	Alt. of Rathe
Rathe	Coming before others, or before the usual time; early.
Rath	Alt. of Rathe
Rathe	Early; soon; betimes.
Rather	Prior; earlier; former.
Rather	Earlier; sooner; before.
Rather	More readily or willingly; preferably.
Rather	On the other hand; to the contrary of what was said or suggested; instead.
Rather	Of two alternatives conceived of, this by preference to, or as more likely than, the other; somewhat.
Rather	More properly; more correctly speaking.
Rather	In some degree; somewhat; as, the day is rather warm; the house is rather damp.
Rathripe	Rareripe, or early ripe.
Rathripe	A rareripe.
Ratification	The act of ratifying; the state of being ratified; confirmation; sanction; as, the ratification of a treaty.
Ratifier	One who, or that which, ratifies; a confirmer.
Ratified	of Ratify
Ratifying	of Ratify
Ratify	To approve and sanction; to make valid; to confirm; to establish; to settle; especially, to give sanction to, as something done by an agent or servant; as, to ratify an agreement, treaty, or contract; to ratify a nomination.
Ratihabition	Confirmation or approbation, as of an act or contract.
Ratio	The relation which one quantity or magnitude has to another of the same kind. It is expressed by the quotient of the division of the first by the second; thus, the ratio of 3 to 6 is expressed by / or /; of a to b by a/b; or (less commonly) the second term is made the dividend; as, a:b = b/a.
Ratio	Hence, fixed relation of number, quantity, or degree; rate; proportion; as, the ratio of representation in Congress.
Ratiocinate	To reason, esp. deductively; to offer reason or argument.
Ratiocination	The process of reasoning, or deducing conclusions from premises; deductive reasoning.
Ratiocinative	Characterized by, or addicted to, ratiocination; consisting in the comparison of propositions or facts, and the deduction of inferences from the comparison; argumentative; as, a ratiocinative process.
Ratiocinatory	Ratiocinative.
Ration	A fixed daily allowance of provisions assigned to a soldier in the army, or a sailor in the navy, for his subsistence.
Ration	Hence, a certain portion or fixed amount dealt out; an allowance; an allotment.
Ration	To supply with rations, as a regiment.
Rational	Relating to the reason; not physical; mental.
Rational	Having reason, or the faculty of reasoning; endowed with reason or understanding; reasoning.
Rational	Agreeable to reason; not absurd, preposterous, extravagant, foolish, fanciful, or the like; wise; judicious; as, rational conduct; a rational man.
Rational	Expressing the type, structure, relations, and reactions of a compound; graphic; -- said of formulae. See under Formula.
Rational	A rational being.
Rationale	An explanation or exposition of the principles of some opinion, action, hypothesis, phenomenon, or the like; also, the principles themselves.
Rationalism	The doctrine or system of those who deduce their religious opinions from reason or the understanding, as distinct from, or opposed to, revelation.
Rationalism	The system that makes rational power the ultimate test of truth; -- opposed to sensualism, or sensationalism, and empiricism.
Rationalist	One who accepts rationalism as a theory or system; also, disparagingly, a false reasoner. See Citation under Reasonist.
Rationalistic	Alt. of Rationalistical
Rationalistical	Belonging to, or in accordance with, the principles of rationalism.
-ties	of Rationality
Rationality	The quality or state of being rational; agreement with reason; possession of reason; due exercise of reason; reasonableness.
Rationalization	The act or process of rationalizing.
Rationalize	To make rational; also, to convert to rationalism.
Rationalize	To interpret in the manner of a rationalist.
Rationalize	To form a rational conception of.
Rationalize	To render rational; to free from radical signs or quantities.
Rationalize	To use, and rely on, reason in forming a theory, belief, etc., especially in matters of religion: to accord with the principles of rationalism.
Rationally	In a rational manner.
Rationalness	The quality or state of being rational; rationality.
Ratitae	An order of birds in which the wings are small, rudimentary, or absent, and the breastbone is destitute of a keel. The ostrich, emu, moa, and apteryx are examples.
Ratitate	Of or pertaining to the Ratitae.
Ratite	Of or pertaining to the Ratitae.
Ratite	One of the Ratitae.
Ratlines	Alt. of Ratlins
Ratlins	The small transverse ropes attached to the shrouds and forming the steps of a rope ladder.
Raton	A small rat.
Ratoon	Same as Rattoon, n.
Ratoon	A rattan cane.
Ratoon	Same as Rattoon, v. i.
Ratsbane	Rat poison; white arsenic.
Ratsbaned	Poisoned by ratsbane.
Rat-tail	Like a rat's tail in form; as, a rat-tail file, which is round, slender, and tapering. See Illust. of File.
Rat-tail	An excrescence growing from the pastern to the middle of the shank of a horse.
Rat-tail	The California chimaera. See Chimaera.
Rat-tail	Any fish of the genus Macrurus. See Grenadier, 2.
Rat-tailed	Having a long, tapering tail like that of a rat.
Rattan	One of the long slender flexible stems of several species of palms of the genus Calamus, mostly East Indian, though some are African and Australian. They are exceedingly tough, and are used for walking sticks, wickerwork, chairs and seats of chairs, cords and cordage, and many other purposes.
Ratteen	A thick woolen stuff quilled or twilled.
Ratten	To deprive feloniously of the tools used in one's employment (as by breaking or stealing them), for the purpose of annoying; as, to ratten a mechanic who works during a strike.
Ratter	One who, or that which, rats, as one who deserts his party.
Ratter	Anything which catches rats; esp., a dog trained to catch rats; a rat terrier. See Terrier.
Rattinet	A woolen stuff thinner than ratteen.
Ratting	The conduct or practices of one who rats.  See Rat, v. i., 1.
Ratting	The low sport of setting a dog upon rats confined in a pit to see how many he will kill in a given time.
Rattled	of Rattle
Rattling	of Rattle
Rattle	To make a quick succession of sharp, inharmonious noises, as by the collision of hard and not very sonorous bodies shaken together; to clatter.
Rattle	To drive or ride briskly, so as to make a clattering; as, we rattled along for a couple of miles.
Rattle	To make a clatter with the voice; to talk rapidly and idly; to clatter; -- with on or away; as, she rattled on for an hour.
Rattle	To cause to make a rattling or clattering sound; as, to rattle a chain.
Rattle	To assail, annoy, or stun with a rattling noise.
Rattle	Hence, to disconcert; to confuse; as, to rattle one's judgment; to rattle a player in a game.
Rattle	To scold; to rail at.
Rattle	A rapid succession of sharp, clattering sounds; as, the rattle of a drum.
Rattle	Noisy, rapid talk.
Rattle	An instrument with which a rattling sound is made; especially, a child's toy that rattles when shaken.
Rattle	A noisy, senseless talker; a jabberer.
Rattle	A scolding; a sharp rebuke.
Rattle	Any organ of an animal having a structure adapted to produce a rattling sound.
Rattle	The noise in the throat produced by the air in passing through mucus which the lungs are unable to expel; -- chiefly observable at the approach of death, when it is called the death rattle. See R/le.
Rattlebox	A toy that makes a rattling sound; a rattle.
Rattlebox	An American herb (Crotalaria sagittalis), the seeds of which, when ripe, rattle in the inflated pod.
Rattlebox	Any species of Crotalaria, a genus of yellow-flowered herbs, with inflated, many-seeded pods.
Rattle-brained	Giddy; rattle-headed.
Rattlehead	An empty, noisy talker.
Rattle-headed	Noisy; giddy; unsteady.
Rattlemouse	A bat.
Rattlepate	A rattlehead.
Rattle-pated	Rattle-headed.
Rattler	One who, or that which, rattles.
Rattlesnake	Any one of several species of venomous American snakes belonging to the genera Crotalus and Caudisona, or Sistrurus. They have a series of horny interlocking joints at the end of the tail which make a sharp rattling sound when shaken. The common rattlesnake of the Northern United States (Crotalus horridus), and the diamond rattlesnake of the South (C. adamanteus), are the best known. See Illust. of Fang.
Rattletrap	Any machine or vehicle that does not run smoothly.
Rattleweed	Any plant of the genus Astragalus. See Milk vetch.
Rattlewings	The golden-eye.
Rattlewort	Same as Rattlebox.
Rattlings	Ratlines.
Rattoon	One of the stems or shoots of sugar cane of the second year's growth from the root, or later. See Plant-cane.
Rattooned	of Rattoon
Rattooning	of Rattoon
Rattoon	To sprout or spring up from the root, as sugar cane from the root of the previous year's planting.
Raucid	Hoarse; raucous.
Raucity	Harshness of sound; rough utterance; hoarseness; as, the raucity of a trumpet, or of the human voice.
Raucous	Hoarse; harsh; rough; as, a raucous, thick tone.
Raught	imp. & p. p. of Reach.
Raught	imp. & p. p. of Reck.
Raunch	See Ranch.
Raunsoun	Ransom.
Ravage	Desolation by violence; violent ruin or destruction; devastation; havoc; waste; as, the ravage of a lion; the ravages of fire or tempest; the ravages of an army, or of time.
Ravaged	of Ravage
Ravaging	of Ravage
Ravage	To lay waste by force; to desolate by violence; to commit havoc or devastation upon; to spoil; to plunder; to consume.
Ravager	One who, or that which, ravages or lays waste; spoiler.
Rave	imp. of Rive.
Rave	One of the upper side pieces of the frame of a wagon body or a sleigh.
Raved	of Rave
Raving	of Rave
Rave	To wander in mind or intellect; to be delirious; to talk or act irrationally; to be wild, furious, or raging, as a madman.
Rave	To rush wildly or furiously.
Rave	To talk with unreasonable enthusiasm or excessive passion or excitement; -- followed by about, of, or on; as, he raved about her beauty.
Rave	To utter in madness or frenzy; to say wildly; as, to rave nonsense.
Ravehook	A tool, hooked at the end, for enlarging or clearing seams for the reception of oakum.
Raveled	of Ravel
Ravelled	of Ravel
Raveling	of Ravel
Ravelling	of Ravel
Ravel	To separate or undo the texture of; to take apart; to untwist; to unweave or unknit; -- often followed by out; as, to ravel a twist; to ravel out a stocking.
Ravel	To undo the intricacies of; to disentangle.
Ravel	To pull apart, as the threads of a texture, and let them fall into a tangled mass; hence, to entangle; to make intricate; to involve.
Ravel	To become untwisted or unwoven; to be disentangled; to be relieved of intricacy.
Ravel	To fall into perplexity and confusion.
Ravel	To make investigation or search, as by picking out the threads of a woven pattern.
Raveler	One who ravels.
Ravelin	A detached work with two embankments which make a salient angle. It is raised before the curtain on the counterscarp of the place. Formerly called demilune, and half-moon.
Raveling	The act of untwisting or of disentangling.
Raveling	That which is raveled out; esp., a thread detached from a texture.
Raven	A large black passerine bird (Corvus corax), similar to the crow, but larger. It is native of the northern parts of Europe, Asia, and America, and is noted for its sagacity.
Raven	Of the color of the raven; jet black; as, raven curls; raven darkness.
Raven	Rapine; rapacity.
Raven	Prey; plunder; food obtained by violence.
Ravened	of Raven
Ravening	of Raven
Raven	To obtain or seize by violence.
Raven	To devour with great eagerness.
Raven	To prey with rapacity; to be greedy; to show rapacity.
Ravenala	A genus of plants related to the banana.
Ravener	One who, or that which, ravens or plunders.
Ravener	A bird of prey, as the owl or vulture.
Ravening	Eagerness for plunder; rapacity; extortion.
Ravening	Greedily devouring; rapacious; as, ravening wolves.
Ravenous	Devouring with rapacious eagerness; furiously voracious; hungry even to rage; as, a ravenous wolf or vulture.
Ravenous	Eager for prey or gratification; as, a ravenous appetite or desire.
Raven's-duck	A fine quality of sailcloth.
Raver	One who raves.
Ravin	Ravenous.
Ravin	Alt. of Ravine
Ravine	Food obtained by violence; plunder; prey; raven.
Ravin	Alt. of Ravine
Ravine	See Raven, v. t. & i.
Ravine	A torrent of water.
Ravine	A deep and narrow hollow, usually worn by a stream or torrent of water; a gorge; a mountain cleft.
Raving	Talking irrationally and wildly; as, a raving lunatic.
Ravished	of Ravish
Ravishing	of Ravish
Ravish	To seize and carry away by violence; to snatch by force.
Ravish	To transport with joy or delight; to delight to ecstasy.
Ravish	To have carnal knowledge of (a woman) by force, and against her consent; to rape.
Ravisher	One who ravishes (in any sense).
Ravishing	Rapturous; transporting.
Ravishingly	In a ravishing manner.
Ravishment	The act of carrying away by force or against consent; abduction; as, the ravishment of children from their parents, of a ward from his guardian, or of a wife from her husband.
Ravishment	The state of being ravished; rapture; transport of delight; ecstasy.
Ravishment	The act of ravishing a woman; rape.
Ravissant	In a half-raised position, as if about to spring on prey.
Raw	Not altered from its natural state; not prepared by the action of heat; as, raw sienna; specifically, not cooked; not changed by heat to a state suitable for eating; not done; as, raw meat.
Raw	Hence: Unprepared for use or enjoyment; immature; unripe; unseasoned; inexperienced; unpracticed; untried; as, raw soldiers; a raw recruit.
Raw	Not worked in due form; in the natural state; untouched by art; unwrought.
Raw	Not distilled; as, raw water
Raw	Not spun or twisted; as, raw silk or cotton
Raw	Not mixed or diluted; as, raw spirits
Raw	Not tried; not melted and strained; as, raw tallow
Raw	Not tanned; as, raw hides
Raw	Not trimmed, covered, or folded under; as, the raw edge of a piece of metal or of cloth.
Raw	Not covered; bare.
Raw	Bald.
Raw	Deprived of skin; galled; as, a raw sore.
Raw	Sore, as if by being galled.
Raw	Disagreeably damp or cold; chilly; bleak; as, a raw wind.
Raw	A raw, sore, or galled place; a sensitive spot; as, to touch one on the raw.
Rawbone	Rawboned.
Rawboned	Having little flesh on the bones; gaunt.
Rawhead	A specter mentioned to frighten children; as, rawhead and bloodybones.
Rawhide	A cowhide, or coarse riding whip, made of untanned (or raw) hide twisted.
Rawish	Somewhat raw.
Rawly	In a raw manner; unskillfully; without experience.
Rawly	Without proper preparation or provision.
Rawness	The quality or state of being raw.
Ray	To array.
Ray	To mark, stain, or soil; to streak; to defile.
Ray	Array; order; arrangement; dress.
Ray	One of a number of lines or parts diverging from a common point or center, like the radii of a circle; as, a star of six rays.
Ray	A radiating part of a flower or plant; the marginal florets of a compound flower, as an aster or a sunflower; one of the pedicels of an umbel or other circular flower cluster; radius. See Radius.
Ray	One of the radiating spines, or cartilages, supporting the fins of fishes.
Ray	One of the spheromeres of a radiate, especially one of the arms of a starfish or an ophiuran.
Ray	A line of light or heat proceeding from a radiant or reflecting point; a single element of light or heat propagated continuously; as, a solar ray; a polarized ray.
Ray	One of the component elements of the total radiation from a body; any definite or limited portion of the spectrum; as, the red ray; the violet ray. See Illust. under Light.
Ray	Sight; perception; vision; -- from an old theory of vision, that sight was something which proceeded from the eye to the object seen.
Ray	One of a system of diverging lines passing through a point, and regarded as extending indefinitely in both directions. See Half-ray.
Rayed	of Ray
Raying	of Ray
Ray	To mark with long lines; to streak.
Ray	To send forth or shoot out; to cause to shine out; as, to ray smiles.
Ray	To shine, as with rays.
Ray	Any one of numerous elasmobranch fishes of the order Raiae, including the skates, torpedoes, sawfishes, etc.
Ray	In a restricted sense, any of the broad, flat, narrow-tailed species, as the skates and sting rays. See Skate.
Rayah	A person not a Mohammedan, who pays the capitation tax.
Ray grass	A perennial European grass (Lolium perenne); -- called also rye grass, and red darnel. See Darnel, and Grass.
Rayless	Destitute of rays; hence, dark; not illuminated; blind; as, a rayless sky; rayless eyes.
Rayon	Ray; beam.
Rayonnant	Darting forth rays, as the sun when it shines out.
Raze	A Shakespearean word (used once) supposed to mean the same as race, a root.
Razed	of Raze
Razing	of Raze
Raze	To erase; to efface; to obliterate.
Raze	To subvert from the foundation; to lay level with the ground; to overthrow; to destroy; to demolish.
Razed	Slashed or striped in patterns.
Razee	An armed ship having her upper deck cut away, and thus reduced to the next inferior rate, as a seventy-four cut down to a frigate.
Razeed	of Razee
Razeeing	of Razee
Razee	To cut down to a less number of decks, and thus to an inferior rate or class, as a ship; hence, to prune or abridge by cutting off or retrenching parts; as, to razee a book, or an article.
Razor	A keen-edged knife of peculiar shape, used in shaving the hair from the face or the head.
Razor	A tusk of a wild boar.
Razorable	Ready for the razor; fit to be shaved.
Razorback	The rorqual.
Razor-backed	Having a sharp, lean, or thin back; as, a razor-backed hog, perch, etc.
Razorbill	A species of auk (Alca torda) common in the Arctic seas. See Auk, and Illust. in Appendix.
Razorbill	See Cutwater, 3.
Razure	The act of erasing or effacing, or the state of being effaced; obliteration. See Rasure.
Razure	An erasure; a change made by erasing.
Razzia	A plundering and destructive incursion; a foray; a raid.
Re-	A prefix signifying back, against, again, anew; as, recline, to lean back; recall, to call back; recede; remove; reclaim, to call out against; repugn, to fight against; recognition, a knowing again; rejoin, to join again; reiterate; reassure. Combinations containing the prefix re- are readily formed, and are for the most part of obvious signification.
Re	A syllable applied in solmization to the second tone of the diatonic scale of C; in the American system, to the second tone of any diatonic scale.
Reabsorb	To absorb again; to draw in, or imbibe, again what has been effused, extravasated, or thrown off; to swallow up again; as, to reabsorb chyle, lymph, etc.; -- used esp. of fluids.
Reabsorption	The act or process of reabsorbing.
Reaccess	A second access or approach; a return.
Reaccuse	To accuse again.
Reach	To retch.
Reach	An effort to vomit.
Reached	of Reach
Raught	of Reach
Reaching	of Reach
Reach	To extend; to stretch; to thrust out; to put forth, as a limb, a member, something held, or the like.
Reach	Hence, to deliver by stretching out a member, especially the hand; to give with the hand; to pass to another; to hand over; as, to reach one a book.
Reach	To attain or obtain by stretching forth the hand; to extend some part of the body, or something held by one, so as to touch, strike, grasp, or the like; as, to reach an object with the hand, or with a spear.
Reach	To strike, hit, or touch with a missile; as, to reach an object with an arrow, a bullet, or a shell.
Reach	Hence, to extend an action, effort, or influence to; to penetrate to; to pierce, or cut, as far as.
Reach	To extend to; to stretch out as far as; to touch by virtue of extent; as, his land reaches the river.
Reach	To arrive at; to come to; to get as far as.
Reach	To arrive at by effort of any kind; to attain to; to gain; to be advanced to.
Reach	To understand; to comprehend.
Reach	To overreach; to deceive.
Reach	To stretch out the hand.
Reach	To strain after something; to make efforts.
Reach	To extend in dimension, time, amount, action, influence, etc., so as to touch, attain to, or be equal to, something.
Reach	To sail on the wind, as from one point of tacking to another, or with the wind nearly abeam.
Reach	The act of stretching or extending; extension; power of reaching or touching with the person, or a limb, or something held or thrown; as, the fruit is beyond my reach; to be within reach of cannon shot.
Reach	The power of stretching out or extending action, influence, or the like; power of attainment or management; extent of force or capacity.
Reach	Extent; stretch; expanse; hence, application; influence; result; scope.
Reach	An extended portion of land or water; a stretch; a straight portion of a stream or river, as from one turn to another; a level stretch, as between locks in a canal; an arm of the sea extending up into the land.
Reach	An artifice to obtain an advantage.
Reach	The pole or rod which connects the hind axle with the forward bolster of a wagon.
Reachable	Being within reach.
Reacher	One who reaches.
Reacher	An exaggeration.
Reachless	Being beyond reach; lofty.
React	To act or perform a second time; to do over again; as, to react a play; the same scenes were reacted at Rome.
React	To return an impulse or impression; to resist the action of another body by an opposite force; as, every body reacts on the body that impels it from its natural state.
React	To act upon each other; to exercise a reciprocal or a reverse effect, as two or more chemical agents; to act in opposition.
Reaction	Any action in resisting other action or force; counter tendency; movement in a contrary direction; reverse action.
Reaction	The mutual or reciprocal action of chemical agents upon each other, or the action upon such chemical agents of some form of energy, as heat, light, or electricity, resulting in a chemical change in one or more of these agents, with the production of new compounds or the manifestation of distinctive characters. See Blowpipe reaction, Flame reaction, under Blowpipe, and Flame.
Reaction	An action induced by vital resistance to some other action; depression or exhaustion of vital force consequent on overexertion or overstimulation; heightened activity and overaction succeeding depression or shock.
Reaction	The force which a body subjected to the action of a force from another body exerts upon the latter body in the opposite direction.
Reaction	Backward tendency or movement after revolution, reform, or great progress in any direction.
Reactionary	Being, causing, or favoring reaction; as, reactionary movements.
Reactionaries	of Reactionary
Reactionary	One who favors reaction, or seeks to undo political progress or revolution.
Reactionist	A reactionary.
Reactive	Having power to react; tending to reaction; of the nature of reaction.
Read	Rennet. See 3d Reed.
Read	of Read
Reading	of Read
Read	To advise; to counsel.
Read	To interpret; to explain; as, to read a riddle.
Read	To tell; to declare; to recite.
Read	To go over, as characters or words, and utter aloud, or recite to one's self inaudibly; to take in the sense of, as of language, by interpreting the characters with which it is expressed; to peruse; as, to read a discourse; to read the letters of an alphabet; to read figures; to read the notes of music, or to read music; to read a book.
Read	Hence, to know fully; to comprehend.
Read	To discover or understand by characters, marks, features, etc.; to learn by observation.
Read	To make a special study of, as by perusing textbooks; as, to read theology or law.
Read	To give advice or counsel.
Read	To tell; to declare.
Read	To perform the act of reading; to peruse, or to go over and utter aloud, the words of a book or other like document.
Read	To study by reading; as, he read for the bar.
Read	To learn by reading.
Read	To appear in writing or print; to be expressed by, or consist of, certain words or characters; as, the passage reads thus in the early manuscripts.
Read	To produce a certain effect when read; as, that sentence reads queerly.
Read	Saying; sentence; maxim; hence, word; advice; counsel.  See Rede.
Read	Reading.
Read	imp. & p. p. of Read, v. t. & i.
Read	Instructed or knowing by reading; versed in books; learned.
Readability	The state of being readable; readableness.
Readable	Such as can be read; legible; fit or suitable to be read; worth reading; interesting.
Readdress	To address a second time; -- often used reflexively.
Readept	To regain; to recover.
Readeption	A regaining; recovery of something lost.
Reader	One who reads.
Reader	One whose distinctive office is to read prayers in a church.
Reader	One who reads lectures on scientific subjects.
Reader	A proof reader.
Reader	One who reads manuscripts offered for publication and advises regarding their merit.
Reader	One who reads much; one who is studious.
Reader	A book containing a selection of extracts for exercises in reading; an elementary book for practice in a language; a reading book.
Readership	The office of reader.
Readily	In a ready manner; quickly; promptly.
Readily	Without delay or objection; without reluctance; willingly; cheerfully.
Readiness	The state or quality of being ready; preparation; promptness; aptitude; willingness.
Reading	The act of one who reads; perusal; also, printed or written matter to be read.
Reading	Study of books; literary scholarship; as, a man of extensive reading.
Reading	A lecture or prelection; public recital.
Reading	The way in which anything reads; force of a word or passage presented by a documentary authority; lection; version.
Reading	Manner of reciting, or acting a part, on the stage; way of rendering.
Reading	An observation read from the scale of a graduated instrument; as, the reading of a barometer.
Reading	Of or pertaining to the act of reading; used in reading.
Reading	Addicted to reading; as, a reading community.
Readjourn	To adjourn a second time; to adjourn again.
Readjournment	The act of readjourning; a second or repeated adjournment.
Readjust	To adjust or settle again; to put in a different order or relation; to rearrange.
Readjuster	One who, or that which, readjusts; in some of the States of the United States, one who advocates a refunding, and sometimes a partial repudiation, of the State debt without the consent of the State's creditors.
Readjustment	A second adjustment; a new or different adjustment.
Readmission	The act of admitting again, or the state of being readmitted; as, the readmission of fresh air into an exhausted receiver; the readmission of a student into a seminary.
Readmit	To admit again; to give entrance or access to again.
Readmittance	Allowance to enter again; a second admission.
Readopt	To adopt again.
Readorn	To adorn again or anew.
Readvance	To advance again.
Readvertency	The act of adverting to again, or of reviewing.
Ready	Prepared for what one is about to do or experience; equipped or supplied with what is needed for some act or event; prepared for immediate movement or action; as, the troops are ready to march; ready for the journey.
Ready	Fitted or arranged for immediate use; causing no delay for lack of being prepared or furnished.
Ready	Prepared in mind or disposition; not reluctant; willing; free; inclined; disposed.
Ready	Not slow or hesitating; quick in action or perception of any kind; dexterous; prompt; easy; expert; as, a ready apprehension; ready wit; a ready writer or workman.
Ready	Offering itself at once; at hand; opportune; convenient; near; easy.
Ready	On the point; about; on the brink; near; -- with a following infinitive.
Ready	A word of command, or a position, in the manual of arms, at which the piece is cocked and held in position to execute promptly the next command, which is, aim.
Ready	In a state of preparation for immediate action; so as to need no delay.
Ready	Ready money; cash; -- commonly with the; as, he was well supplied with the ready.
Ready	To dispose in order.
Ready-made	Made already, or beforehand, in anticipation of need; not made to order; as, ready-made clothing; ready-made jokes.
Ready-witted	Having ready wit.
Reaffirm	To affirm again.
Reaffirmance	Alt. of Reaffirmation
Reaffirmation	A second affirmation.
Reafforest	To convert again into a forest, as a region of country.
Reafforestation	The act or process of converting again into a forest.
Reagent	A substance capable of producing with another a reaction, especially when employed to detect the presence of other bodies; a test.
Reaggravation	The last monitory, published after three admonitions and before the last excommunication.
Reagree	To agree again.
Reak	A rush.
Reak	A prank.
Real	A small Spanish silver coin; also, a denomination of money of account, formerly the unit of the Spanish monetary system.
Real	Royal; regal; kingly.
Real	Actually being or existing; not fictitious or imaginary; as, a description of real life.
Real	True; genuine; not artificial, counterfeit, or factitious; often opposed to ostensible; as, the real reason; real Madeira wine; real ginger.
Real	Relating to things, not to persons.
Real	Having an assignable arithmetical or numerical value or meaning; not imaginary.
Real	Pertaining to things fixed, permanent, or immovable, as to lands and tenements; as, real property, in distinction from personal or movable property.
Real	A realist.
Realgar	Arsenic sulphide, a mineral of a brilliant red color; red orpiment. It is also an artificial product.
Realism	As opposed to nominalism, the doctrine that genera and species are real things or entities, existing independently of our conceptions. According to realism the Universal exists ante rem (Plato), or in re (Aristotle).
Realism	As opposed to idealism, the doctrine that in sense perception there is an immediate cognition of the external object, and our knowledge of it is not mediate and representative.
Realism	Fidelity to nature or to real life; representation without idealization, and making no appeal to the imagination; adherence to the actual fact.
Realist	One who believes in realism; esp., one who maintains that generals, or the terms used to denote the genera and species of things, represent real existences, and are not mere names, as maintained by the nominalists.
Realist	An artist or writer who aims at realism in his work. See Realism, 2.
Realistic	Of or pertaining to the realists; in the manner of the realists; characterized by realism rather than by imagination.
Realistically	In a realistic manner.
Realities	of Reality
Reality	The state or quality of being real; actual being or existence of anything, in distinction from mere appearance; fact.
Reality	That which is real; an actual existence; that which is not imagination, fiction, or pretense; that which has objective existence, and is not merely an idea.
Reality	Loyalty; devotion.
Reality	See 2d Realty, 2.
Realizable	Capable of being realized.
Realization	The act of realizing, or the state of being realized.
Realized	of Realize
Realizing	of Realize
Realize	To make real; to convert from the imaginary or fictitious into the actual; to bring into concrete existence; to effectuate; to accomplish; as, to realize a scheme or project.
Realize	To cause to seem real; to impress upon the mind as actual; to feel vividly or strongly; to make one's own in apprehension or experience.
Realize	To convert into real property; to make real estate of; as, to realize his fortune.
Realize	To acquire as an actual possession; to obtain as the result of plans and efforts; to gain; to get; as, to realize large profits from a speculation.
Realize	To convert into actual money; as, to realize assets.
Realize	To convert any kind of property into money, especially property representing investments, as shares in stock companies, bonds, etc.
Realizer	One who realizes.
Realizing	Serving to make real, or to impress on the mind as a reality; as, a realizing view of the danger incurred.
Reallege	To allege again.
Realliance	A renewed alliance.
Re-ally	To bring together again; to compose or form anew.
Really	Royally.
Really	In a real manner; with or in reality; actually; in truth.
Realm	A royal jurisdiction or domain; a region which is under the dominion of a king; a kingdom.
Realm	Hence, in general, province; region; country; domain; department; division; as, the realm of fancy.
Realmless	Destitute of a realm.
Realness	The quality or condition of being real; reality.
Realty	Royalty.
Realty	Loyalty; faithfulness.
Realty	Reality.
Realty	Immobility, or the fixed, permanent nature of real property; as, chattels which savor of the realty; -- so written in legal language for reality.
Realty	Real estate; a piece of real property.
Ream	Cream; also, the cream or froth on ale.
Ream	To cream; to mantle.
Ream	To stretch out; to draw out into thongs, threads, or filaments.
Ream	A bundle, package, or quantity of paper, usually consisting of twenty quires or 480 sheets.
Reamed	of Ream
Reaming	of Ream
Ream	To bevel out, as the mouth of a hole in wood or metal; in modern usage, to enlarge or dress out, as a hole, with a reamer.
Reame	Realm.
Reamer	One who, or that which, reams; specifically, an instrument with cutting or scraping edges, used, with a twisting motion, for enlarging a round hole, as the bore of a cannon, etc.
Reamputation	The second of two amputations performed upon the same member.
Reanimate	To animate anew; to restore to animation or life; to infuse new life, vigor, spirit, or courage into; to revive; to reinvigorate; as, to reanimate a drowned person; to reanimate disheartened troops; to reanimate languid spirits.
Reanimation	The act or operation of reanimating, or the state of being reanimated; reinvigoration; revival.
Reannex	To annex again or anew; to reunite.
Reannexation	Act of reannexing.
Reanswer	To answer in return; to repay; to compensate; to make amends for.
Reaped	of Reap
Reaping	of Reap
Reap	To cut with a sickle, scythe, or reaping machine, as grain; to gather, as a harvest, by cutting.
Reap	To gather; to obtain; to receive as a reward or harvest, or as the fruit of labor or of works; -- in a good or a bad sense; as, to reap a benefit from exertions.
Reap	To clear of a crop by reaping; as, to reap a field.
Reap	To deprive of the beard; to shave.
Reap	To perform the act or operation of reaping; to gather a harvest.
Reap	A bundle of grain; a handful of grain laid down by the reaper as it is cut.
Reaper	One who reaps.
Reaper	A reaping machine.
Reapparel	To clothe again.
Reappear	To appear again.
Reappearance	A second or new appearance; the act or state of appearing again.
Reapplication	The act of reapplying, or the state of being reapplied.
Reapply	To apply again.
Reappoint	To appoint again.
Reappointment	The act of reappointing, or the state of being reappointed.
Reapportion	To apportion again.
Reapportionment	A second or a new apportionment.
Reapproach	To approach again or anew.
Rear	Early; soon.
Rear	The back or hindmost part; that which is behind, or last in order; -- opposed to front.
Rear	Specifically, the part of an army or fleet which comes last, or is stationed behind the rest.
Rear	Being behind, or in the hindmost part; hindmost; as, the rear rank of a company.
Rear	To place in the rear; to secure the rear of.
Reared	of Rear
Rearing	of Rear
Rear	To raise; to lift up; to cause to rise, become erect, etc.; to elevate; as, to rear a monolith.
Rear	To erect by building; to set up; to construct; as, to rear defenses or houses; to rear one government on the ruins of another.
Rear	To lift and take up.
Rear	To bring up to maturity, as young; to educate; to instruct; to foster; as, to rear offspring.
Rear	To breed and raise; as, to rear cattle.
Rear	To rouse; to stir up.
Rear	To rise up on the hind legs, as a horse; to become erect.
Reardorse	Alt. of Reardoss
Reardoss	A reredos.
Rearer	One who, or that which, rears.
Reargue	To argue anew or again.
Reargument	An arguing over again, as of a motion made in court.
Rear-horse	A mantis.
Rearly	Early.
Rearmost	Farthest in the rear; last.
Rearmouse	Alt. of Reremouse
Reremouse	The leather-winged bat (Vespertilio murinus).
Rearrange	To arrange again; to arrange in a different way.
Rearrangement	The act of rearranging, or the state of being rearranged.
Rearward	The last troop; the rear of an army; a rear guard. Also used figuratively.
Rearward	At or toward the rear.
Reascend	To rise, mount, or climb again.
Reascend	To ascend or mount again; to reach by ascending again.
Reascension	The act of reascending; a remounting.
Reascent	A returning ascent or ascension; acclivity.
Reason	A thought or a consideration offered in support of a determination or an opinion; a just ground for a conclusion or an action; that which is offered or accepted as an explanation; the efficient cause of an occurrence or a phenomenon; a motive for an action or a determination; proof, more or less decisive, for an opinion or a conclusion; principle; efficient cause; final cause; ground of argument.
Reason	The faculty or capacity of the human mind by which it is distinguished from the intelligence of the inferior animals; the higher as distinguished from the lower cognitive faculties, sense, imagination, and memory, and in contrast to the feelings and desires. Reason comprises conception, judgment, reasoning, and the intuitional faculty. Specifically, it is the intuitional faculty, or the faculty of first truths, as distinguished from the understanding, which is called the discursive or ratiocinative faculty.
Reason	Due exercise of the reasoning faculty; accordance with, or that which is accordant with and ratified by, the mind rightly exercised; right intellectual judgment; clear and fair deductions from true principles; that which is dictated or supported by the common sense of mankind; right conduct; right; propriety; justice.
Reason	Ratio; proportion.
Reasoned	of Reason
Reasoning	of Reason
Reason	To exercise the rational faculty; to deduce inferences from premises; to perform the process of deduction or of induction; to ratiocinate; to reach conclusions by a systematic comparison of facts.
Reason	Hence: To carry on a process of deduction or of induction, in order to convince or to confute; to formulate and set forth propositions and the inferences from them; to argue.
Reason	To converse; to compare opinions.
Reason	To arrange and present the reasons for or against; to examine or discuss by arguments; to debate or discuss; as, I reasoned the matter with my friend.
Reason	To support with reasons, as a request.
Reason	To persuade by reasoning or argument; as, to reason one into a belief; to reason one out of his plan.
Reason	To overcome or conquer by adducing reasons; -- with down; as, to reason down a passion.
Reason	To find by logical processes; to explain or justify by reason or argument; -- usually with out; as, to reason out the causes of the librations of the moon.
Reasonable	Having the faculty of reason; endued with reason; rational; as, a reasonable being.
Reasonable	Governed by reason; being under the influence of reason; thinking, speaking, or acting rationally, or according to the dictates of reason; agreeable to reason; just; rational; as, the measure must satisfy all reasonable men.
Reasonable	Not excessive or immoderate; within due limits; proper; as, a reasonable demand, amount, price.
Reasonable	Reasonably; tolerably.
Reasonableness	Quality of being reasonable.
Reasonably	In a reasonable manner.
Reasonably	Moderately; tolerably.
Reasoner	One who reasons or argues; as, a fair reasoner; a close reasoner; a logical reasoner.
Reasoning	The act or process of adducing a reason or reasons; manner of presenting one's reasons.
Reasoning	That which is offered in argument; proofs or reasons when arranged and developed; course of argument.
Reasonist	A rationalist.
Reasonless	Destitute of reason; as, a reasonless man or mind.
Reasonless	Void of reason; not warranted or supported by reason; unreasonable.
Reassemblage	Assemblage a second time or again.
Reassemble	To assemble again.
Reassert	To assert again or anew; to maintain after an omission to do so.
Reassertion	A second or renewed assertion of the same thing.
Reassessment	A renewed or second assessment.
Reassign	To assign back or again; to transfer back what has been assigned.
Reassignment	The act of reassigning.
Reassimilate	To assimilate again.
Reassociate	To associate again; to bring again into close relations.
Reassume	To assume again or anew; to resume.
Reassurance	Assurance or confirmation renewed or repeated.
Reassurance	Same as Reinsurance.
Reassure	To assure anew; to restore confidence to; to free from fear or terror.
Reassure	To reinsure.
Reassurer	One who reassures.
Reasty	Rusty and rancid; -- applied to salt meat.
Reata	A lariat.
Reattach	To attach again.
Reattachment	The act of reattaching; a second attachment.
Reattain	To attain again.
Reattainment	The act of reattaining.
Reattempt	To attempt again.
Reaume	Realm.
Reaumur	Of or pertaining to Rene Antoine Ferchault de Reaumur; conformed to the scale adopted by Reaumur in graduating the thermometer he invented.
Reaumur	A Reaumur thermometer or scale.
Reaved	of Reave
Reft	of Reave
Raft	of Reave
Reaving	of Reave
Reave	To take away by violence or by stealth; to snatch away; to rob; to despoil; to bereave. [Archaic]
Reaver	One who reaves.
Reawake	To awake again.
Rebanish	To banish again.
Rebaptism	A second baptism.
Rebaptization	A second baptism.
Rebaptize	To baptize again or a second time.
Rebaptizer	One who rebaptizes.
Rebarbarize	To reduce again to barbarism.
Rebate	To beat to obtuseness; to deprive of keenness; to blunt; to turn back the point of, as a lance used for exercise.
Rebate	To deduct from; to make a discount from, as interest due, or customs duties.
Rebate	To abate; to withdraw.
Rebate	Diminution.
Rebate	Deduction; abatement; as, a rebate of interest for immediate payment; a rebate of importation duties.
Rebate	A rectangular longitudinal recess or groove, cut in the corner or edge of any body; a rabbet. See Rabbet.
Rebate	A piece of wood hafted into a long stick, and serving to beat out mortar.
Rebate	An iron tool sharpened something like a chisel, and used for dressing and polishing wood.
Rebate	A kind of hard freestone used in making pavements.
Rebate	To cut a rebate in. See Rabbet, v.
Rebatement	Same as 3d Rebate.
Rebato	Same as Rabato.
Rebec	An instrument formerly used which somewhat resembled the violin, having three strings, and being played with a bow.
Rebec	A contemptuous term applied to an old woman.
Rebel	Pertaining to rebels or rebellion; acting in revolt; rebellious; as, rebel troops.
Rebel	One who rebels.
Rebelled	of Rebel
Rebelling	of Rebel
Rebel	To renounce, and resist by force, the authority of the ruler or government to which one owes obedience. See Rebellion.
Rebel	To be disobedient to authority; to assume a hostile or insubordinate attitude; to revolt.
Rebeldom	A region infested by rebels; rebels, considered collectively; also, conduct or quality characteristic of rebels.
Rebeller	One who rebels; a rebel.
Rebellion	The act of rebelling; open and avowed renunciation of the authority of the government to which one owes obedience, and resistance to its officers and laws, either by levying war, or by aiding others to do so; an organized uprising of subjects for the purpose of coercing or overthrowing their lawful ruler or government by force; revolt; insurrection.
Rebellion	Open resistance to, or defiance of, lawful authority.
Rebellious	Engaged in rebellion; disposed to rebel; of the nature of rebels or of rebellion; resisting government or lawful authority by force.
Rebellow	To bellow again; to repeat or echo a bellow.
Rebiting	The act or process of deepening worn lines in an etched plate by submitting it again to the action of acid.
Rebloom	To bloom again.
Reblossom	To blossom again.
Reboant	Rebellowing; resounding loudly.
Reboation	Repetition of a bellow.
Reboil	To boil, or to cause to boil, again.
Reboil	Fig.: To make or to become hot.
Reborn	Born again.
Rebound	To spring back; to start back; to be sent back or reverberated by elastic force on collision with another body; as, a rebounding echo.
Rebound	To give back an echo.
Rebound	To bound again or repeatedly, as a horse.
Rebound	To send back; to reverberate.
Rebound	The act of rebounding; resilience.
Rebrace	To brace again.
Rebreathe	To breathe again.
Rebucous	Rebuking.
Rebuff	Repercussion, or beating back; a quick and sudden resistance.
Rebuff	Sudden check; unexpected repulse; defeat; refusal; repellence; rejection of solicitation.
Rebuffed	of Rebuff
Rebuffing	of Rebuff
Rebuff	To beat back; to offer sudden resistance to; to check; to repel or repulse violently, harshly, or uncourteously.
Rebuild	To build again, as something which has been demolished; to construct anew; as, to rebuild a house, a wall, a wharf, or a city.
Rebuilder	One who rebuilds.
Rebukable	Worthy of rebuke or reprehension; reprehensible.
Rebuked	of Rebuke
Rebuking	of Rebuke
Rebuke	To check, silence, or put down, with reproof; to restrain by expression of disapprobation; to reprehend sharply and summarily; to chide; to reprove; to admonish.
Rebuke	A direct and pointed reproof; a reprimand; also, chastisement; punishment.
Rebuke	Check; rebuff.
Rebukeful	Containing rebuke; of the nature of rebuke.
Rebuker	One who rebukes.
Rebukingly	By way of rebuke.
Rebullition	The act of boiling up or effervescing.
Rebury	To bury again.
Rebuses	of Rebus
Rebus	A mode of expressing words and phrases by pictures of objects whose names resemble those words, or the syllables of which they are composed; enigmatical representation of words by figures; hence, a peculiar form of riddle made up of such representations.
Rebus	A pictorial suggestion on a coat of arms of the name of the person to whom it belongs. See Canting arms, under Canting.
Rebus	To mark or indicate by a rebus.
Rebutted	of Rebut
Rebutting	of Rebut
Rebut	To drive or beat back; to repulse.
Rebut	To contradict, meet, or oppose by argument, plea, or countervailing proof.
Rebut	To retire; to recoil.
Rebut	To make, or put in, an answer, as to a plaintiff's surrejoinder.
Rebuttable	Capable of being rebutted.
Rebuttal	The giving of evidence on the part of a plaintiff to destroy the effect of evidence introduced by the defendant in the same suit.
Rebutter	The answer of a defendant in matter of fact to a plaintiff's surrejoinder.
Recadency	A falling back or descending a second time; a relapse.
Recalcitrant	Kicking back; recalcitrating; hence, showing repugnance or opposition; refractory.
Recalcitrate	To kick against; to show repugnance to; to rebuff.
Recalcitrate	To kick back; to kick against anything; hence, to express repugnance or opposition.
Recalcitration	A kicking back again; opposition; repugnance; refractoriness.
Recall	To call back; to summon to return; as, to recall troops; to recall an ambassador.
Recall	To revoke; to annul by a subsequent act; to take back; to withdraw; as, to recall words, or a decree.
Recall	To call back to mind; to revive in memory; to recollect; to remember; as, to recall bygone days.
Recall	A calling back; a revocation.
Recall	A call on the trumpet, bugle, or drum, by which soldiers are recalled from duty, labor, etc.
Recallable	Capable of being recalled.
Recallment	Recall.
Recanted	of Recant
Recanting	of Recant
Recant	To withdraw or repudiate formally and publicly (opinions formerly expressed); to contradict, as a former declaration; to take back openly; to retract; to recall.
Recant	To revoke a declaration or proposition; to unsay what has been said; to retract; as, convince me that I am wrong, and I will recant.
Recantation	The act of recanting; a declaration that contradicts a former one; that which is thus asserted in contradiction; retraction.
Recanter	One who recants.
Recapacitate	To qualify again; to confer capacity on again.
Recapitulate	To repeat, as the principal points in a discourse, argument, or essay; to give a summary of the principal facts, points, or arguments of; to relate in brief; to summarize.
Recapitulate	To sum up, or enumerate by heads or topics, what has been previously said; to repeat briefly the substance.
Recapitulation	The act of recapitulating; a summary, or concise statement or enumeration, of the principal points, facts, or statements, in a preceding discourse, argument, or essay.
Recapitulator	One who recapitulates.
Recapitulatory	Of the nature of a recapitulation; containing recapitulation.
Recapper	A tool used for applying a fresh percussion cap or primer to a cartridge shell in reloading it.
Recaption	The act of retaking, as of one who has escaped after arrest; reprisal; the retaking of one's own goods, chattels, wife, or children, without force or violence, from one who has taken them and who wrongfully detains them.
Recaptor	One who recaptures; one who takes a prize which had been previously taken.
Recapture	The act of retaking or recovering by capture; especially, the retaking of a prize or goods from a captor.
Recapture	That which is captured back; a prize retaken.
Recapture	To capture again; to retake.
Recarbonize	To restore carbon to; as, to recarbonize iron in converting it into steel.
Recarnify	To convert again into flesh.
Recarriage	Act of carrying back.
Recarry	To carry back.
Recast	To throw again.
Recast	To mold anew; to cast anew; to throw into a new form or shape; to reconstruct; as, to recast cannon; to recast an argument or a play.
Recast	To compute, or cast up, a second time.
Recche	To reck.
Reccheles	Reckless.
Receded	of Recede
Receding	of Recede
Recede	To move back; to retreat; to withdraw.
Recede	To withdraw a claim or pretension; to desist; to relinquish what had been proposed or asserted; as, to recede from a demand or proposition.
Recede	To cede back; to grant or yield again to a former possessor; as, to recede conquered territory.
Receipt	The act of receiving; reception.
Receipt	Reception, as an act of hospitality.
Receipt	Capability of receiving; capacity.
Receipt	Place of receiving.
Receipt	Hence, a recess; a retired place.
Receipt	A formulary according to the directions of which things are to be taken or combined; a recipe; as, a receipt for making sponge cake.
Receipt	A writing acknowledging the taking or receiving of goods delivered; an acknowledgment of money paid.
Receipt	That which is received; that which comes in, in distinction from what is expended, paid out, sent away, and the like; -- usually in the plural; as, the receipts amounted to a thousand dollars.
Receipted	of Receipt
Receipting	of Receipt
Receipt	To give a receipt for; as, to receipt goods delivered by a sheriff.
Receipt	To put a receipt on, as by writing or stamping; as, to receipt a bill.
Receipt	To give a receipt, as for money paid.
Receiptment	The receiving or harboring a felon knowingly, after the commission of a felony.
Receiptor	One who receipts; specifically (Law), one who receipts for property which has been taken by the sheriff.
Receit	Receipt.
Receivability	The quality of being receivable; receivableness.
Receivable	Capable of being received.
Received	of Receive
Receiving	of Receive
Receive	To take, as something that is offered, given, committed, sent, paid, or the like; to accept; as, to receive money offered in payment of a debt; to receive a gift, a message, or a letter.
Receive	Hence: To gain the knowledge of; to take into the mind by assent to; to give admission to; to accept, as an opinion, notion, etc.; to embrace.
Receive	To allow, as a custom, tradition, or the like; to give credence or acceptance to.
Receive	To give admittance to; to permit to enter, as into one's house, presence, company, and the like; as, to receive a lodger, visitor, ambassador, messenger, etc.
Receive	To admit; to take in; to hold; to contain; to have capacity for; to be able to take in.
Receive	To be affected by something; to suffer; to be subjected to; as, to receive pleasure or pain; to receive a wound or a blow; to receive damage.
Receive	To take from a thief, as goods known to be stolen.
Receive	To bat back (the ball) when served.
Receive	To receive visitors; to be at home to receive calls; as, she receives on Tuesdays.
Receive	To return, or bat back, the ball when served; as, it is your turn to receive.
Receivedness	The state or quality of being received, accepted, or current; as, the receivedness of an opinion.
Receiver	One who takes or receives in any manner.
Receiver	A person appointed, ordinarily by a court, to receive, and hold in trust, money or other property which is the subject of litigation, pending the suit; a person appointed to take charge of the estate and effects of a corporation, and to do other acts necessary to winding up its affairs, in certain cases.
Receiver	One who takes or buys stolen goods from a thief, knowing them to be stolen.
Receiver	A vessel connected with an alembic, a retort, or the like, for receiving and condensing the product of distillation.
Receiver	A vessel for receiving and containing gases.
Receiver	The glass vessel in which the vacuum is produced, and the objects of experiment are put, in experiments with an air pump.  Cf. Bell jar, and see Illust. of Air pump.
Receiver	A vessel for receiving the exhaust steam from the high-pressure cylinder before it enters the low-pressure cylinder, in a compound engine.
Receiver	A capacious vessel for receiving steam from a distant boiler, and supplying it dry to an engine.
Receiver	That portion of a telephonic apparatus, or similar system, at which the message is received and made audible; -- opposed to transmitter.
Receivership	The state or office of a receiver.
Recelebrate	To celebrate again, or anew.
Recency	The state or quality of being recent; newness; new state; late origin; lateness in time; freshness; as, the recency of a transaction, of a wound, etc.
Recense	To review; to revise.
Recension	The act of reviewing or revising; review; examination; enumeration.
Recension	Specifically, the review of a text (as of an ancient author) by an editor; critical revisal and establishment.
Recension	The result of such a work; a text established by critical revision; an edited version.
Recensionist	One who makes recensions; specifically, a critical editor.
Recent	Of late origin, existence, or occurrence; lately come; not of remote date, antiquated style, or the like; not already known, familiar, worn out, trite, etc.; fresh; novel; new; modern; as, recent news.
Recent	Of or pertaining to the present or existing epoch; as, recent shells.
Recenter	To center again; to restore to the center.
Recently	Newly; lately; freshly; not long since; as, advices recently received.
Recentness	Quality or state of being recent.
Receptacle	That which serves, or is used, for receiving and containing something, as a basket, a vase, a bag, a reservoir; a repository.
Receptacle	The apex of the flower stalk, from which the organs of the flower grow, or into which they are inserted. See Illust. of Flower, and Ovary.
Receptacle	The dilated apex of a pedicel which serves as a common support to a head of flowers.
Receptacle	An intercellular cavity containing oil or resin or other matters.
Receptacle	A special branch which bears the fructification in many cryptogamous plants.
Receptacular	Pertaining to the receptacle, or growing on it; as, the receptacular chaff or scales in the sunflower.
Receptacula	of Receptaculum
Receptaculum	A receptacle; as, the receptaculum of the chyle.
Receptary	Generally or popularly admitted or received.
Receptary	That which is received.
Receptibility	The quality or state of being receptible; receivableness.
Receptibility	A receptible thing.
Receptible	Such as may be received; receivable.
Reception	The act of receiving; receipt; admission; as, the reception of food into the stomach; the reception of a letter; the reception of sensation or ideas; reception of evidence.
Reception	The state of being received.
Reception	The act or manner of receiving, esp. of receiving visitors; entertainment; hence, an occasion or ceremony of receiving guests; as, a hearty reception; an elaborate reception.
Reception	Acceptance, as of an opinion or doctrine.
Reception	A retaking; a recovery.
Receptive	Having the quality of receiving; able or inclined to take in, absorb, hold, or contain; receiving or containing; as, a receptive mind.
Receptiveness	The quality of being receptive.
Receptivity	The state or quality of being receptive.
Receptivity	The power or capacity of receiving impressions, as those of the external senses.
Receptory	Receptacle.
Recess	A withdrawing or retiring; a moving back; retreat; as, the recess of the tides.
Recess	The state of being withdrawn; seclusion; privacy.
Recess	Remission or suspension of business or procedure; intermission, as of a legislative body, court, or school.
Recess	Part of a room formed by the receding of the wall, as an alcove, niche, etc.
Recess	A place of retirement, retreat, secrecy, or seclusion.
Recess	Secret or abstruse part; as, the difficulties and recesses of science.
Recess	A sinus.
Recessed	of Recess
Recessing	of Recess
Recess	To make a recess in; as, to recess a wall.
Recess	A decree of the imperial diet of the old German empire.
Recessed	Having a recess or recesses; as, a recessed arch or wall.
Recessed	Withdrawn; secluded.
Recession	The act of receding or withdrawing, as from a place, a claim, or a demand.
Recession	The act of ceding back; restoration; repeated cession; as, the recession of conquered territory to its former sovereign.
Recessional	Of or pertaining to recession or withdrawal.
Recessive	Going back; receding.
Rechabite	One of the descendants of Jonadab, the son of Rechab, all of whom by his injunction abstained from the use of intoxicating drinks and even from planting the vine. Jer. xxxv. 2-19. Also, in modern times, a member of a certain society of abstainers from alcoholic liquors.
Rechange	To change again, or change back.
Recharge	To charge or accuse in return.
Recharge	To attack again; to attack anew.
Recharter	A second charter; a renewal of a charter.
Recharter	To charter again or anew; to grant a second or another charter to.
Rechase	To chase again; to chase or drive back.
Recheat	A strain given on the horn to call back the hounds when they have lost track of the game.
Recheat	To blow the recheat.
Recherche	Sought out with care; choice. Hence: of rare quality, elegance, or attractiveness; peculiar and refined in kind.
Rechless	Reckless.
Rechoose	To choose again.
Recidivate	To backslide; to fall again.
Recidivation	A falling back; a backsliding.
Recidivous	Tending or liable to backslide or relapse to a former condition or habit.
Recipes	of Recipe
Recipe	A formulary or prescription for making some combination, mixture, or preparation of materials; a receipt; especially, a prescription for medicine.
Recipiangle	An instrument with two arms that are pivoted together at one end, and a graduated arc, -- used by military engineers for measuring and laying off angles of fortifications.
Recipience	Alt. of Recipiency
Recipiency	The quality or state of being recipient; a receiving; reception; receptiveness.
Recipient	A receiver; the person or thing that receives; one to whom, or that to which, anything is given or communicated; specifically, the receiver of a still.
Recipient	Receiving; receptive.
Reciprocal	Recurring in vicissitude; alternate.
Reciprocal	Done by each to the other; interchanging or interchanged; given and received; due from each to each; mutual; as, reciprocal love; reciprocal duties.
Reciprocal	Mutually interchangeable.
Reciprocal	Reflexive; -- applied to pronouns and verbs, but sometimes limited to such pronouns as express mutual action.
Reciprocal	Used to denote different kinds of mutual relation; often with reference to the substitution of reciprocals for given quantities. See the Phrases below.
Reciprocal	That which is reciprocal to another thing.
Reciprocal	The quotient arising from dividing unity by any quantity; thus, / is the reciprocal of 4; 1/(a +b) is the reciprocal of a + b. The reciprocal of a fraction is the fraction inverted, or the denominator divided by the numerator.
Reciprocality	The quality or condition of being reciprocal; reciprocalness.
Reciprocally	In a reciprocal manner; so that each affects the other, and is equally affected by it; interchangeably; mutually.
Reciprocally	In the manner of reciprocals.
Reciprocalness	The quality or condition of being reciprocal; mutual return; alternateness.
Reciprocated	of Reciprocate
Reciprocating	of Reciprocate
Reciprocate	To move forward and backward alternately; to recur in vicissitude; to act interchangeably; to alternate.
Reciprocate	To give and return mutually; to make return for; to give in return; to interchange; to alternate; as, to reciprocate favors.
Reciprocation	The act of reciprocating; interchange of acts; a mutual giving and returning; as, the reciprocation of kindnesses.
Reciprocation	Alternate recurrence or action; as, the reciprocation of the sea in the flow and ebb of tides.
Reciprocity	Mutual action and reaction.
Reciprocity	Reciprocal advantages, obligations, or rights; reciprocation.
Reciprocornous	Having horns turning backward and then forward, like those of a ram.
Reciprocous	Reciprocal.
Reciprok	Reciprocal.
Reciproque	Reciprocal.
Recision	The act of cutting off.
Recital	The act of reciting; the repetition of the words of another, or of a document; rehearsal; as, the recital of testimony.
Recital	A telling in detail and due order of the particulars of anything, as of a law, an adventure, or a series of events; narration.
Recital	That which is recited; a story; a narration.
Recital	A vocal or instrumental performance by one person; -- distinguished from concert; as, a song recital; an organ, piano, or violin recital.
Recital	The formal statement, or setting forth, of some matter of fact in any deed or writing in order to explain the reasons on which the transaction is founded; the statement of matter in pleading introductory to some positive allegation.
Recitation	The act of reciting; rehearsal; repetition of words or sentences.
Recitation	The delivery before an audience of something committed to memory, especially as an elocutionary exhibition; also, that which is so delivered.
Recitation	The rehearsal of a lesson by pupils before their instructor.
Recitative	A species of musical recitation in which the words are delivered in a manner resembling that of ordinary declamation; also, a piece of music intended for such recitation; -- opposed to melisma.
Recitative	Of or pertaining to recitation; intended for musical recitation or declamation; in the style or manner of recitative.
Recitativo	Recitative.
Recited	of Recite
Reciting	of Recite
Recite	To repeat, as something already prepared, written down, committed to memory, or the like; to deliver from a written or printed document, or from recollection; to rehearse; as, to recite the words of an author, or of a deed or covenant.
Recite	To tell over; to go over in particulars; to relate; to narrate; as, to recite past events; to recite the particulars of a voyage.
Recite	To rehearse, as a lesson to an instructor.
Recite	To state in or as a recital. See Recital, 5.
Recite	To repeat, pronounce, or rehearse, as before an audience, something prepared or committed to memory; to rehearse a lesson learned.
Recite	A recital.
Reciter	One who recites; also, a book of extracts for recitation.
Recked	of Reck
Roughte	of Reck
Recking	of Reck
Reck	To make account of; to care for; to heed; to regard.
Reck	To concern; -- used impersonally.
Reck	To make account; to take heed; to care; to mind; -- often followed by of.
Reckless	Inattentive to duty; careless; neglectful; indifferent.
Reckless	Rashly negligent; utterly careless or heedless.
Reckling	Needing care; weak; feeble; as, a reckling child.
Reckling	A weak child or animal.
Reckoned	of Reckon
Reckoning	of Reckon
Reckon	To count; to enumerate; to number; also, to compute; to calculate.
Reckon	To count as in a number, rank, or series; to estimate by rank or quality; to place by estimation; to account; to esteem; to repute.
Reckon	To charge, attribute, or adjudge to one, as having a certain quality or value.
Reckon	To conclude, as by an enumeration and balancing of chances; hence, to think; to suppose; -- followed by an objective clause; as, I reckon he won't try that again.
Reckon	To make an enumeration or computation; to engage in numbering or computing.
Reckon	To come to an accounting; to make up accounts; to settle; to examine and strike the balance of debt and credit; to adjust relations of desert or penalty.
Reckoner	One who reckons or computes; also, a book of calculations, tables, etc., to assist in reckoning.
Reckoning	The act of one who reckons, counts, or computes; the result of reckoning or counting; calculation.
Reckoning	An account of time
Reckoning	Adjustment of claims and accounts; settlement of obligations, liabilities, etc.
Reckoning	The charge or account made by a host at an inn.
Reckoning	Esteem; account; estimation.
Reckoning	The calculation of a ship's position, either from astronomical observations, or from the record of the courses steered and distances sailed as shown by compass and log, -- in the latter case called dead reckoning (see under Dead); -- also used for dead reckoning in contradistinction to observation.
Reckoning	The position of a ship as determined by calculation.
Reclaim	To claim back; to demand the return of as a right; to attempt to recover possession of.
Reclaimed	of Reclaim
Reclaiming	of Reclaim
Reclaim	To call back, as a hawk to the wrist in falconry, by a certain customary call.
Reclaim	To call back from flight or disorderly action; to call to, for the purpose of subduing or quieting.
Reclaim	To reduce from a wild to a tamed state; to bring under discipline; -- said especially of birds trained for the chase, but also of other animals.
Reclaim	Hence: To reduce to a desired state by discipline, labor, cultivation, or the like; to rescue from being wild, desert, waste, submerged, or the like; as, to reclaim wild land, overflowed land, etc.
Reclaim	To call back to rectitude from moral wandering or transgression; to draw back to correct deportment or course of life; to reform.
Reclaim	To correct; to reform; -- said of things.
Reclaim	To exclaim against; to gainsay.
Reclaim	To cry out in opposition or contradiction; to exclaim against anything; to contradict; to take exceptions.
Reclaim	To bring anyone back from evil courses; to reform.
Reclaim	To draw back; to give way.
Reclaim	The act of reclaiming, or the state of being reclaimed; reclamation; recovery.
Reclaimable	That may be reclaimed.
Reclaimant	One who reclaims; one who cries out against or contradicts.
Reclaimer	One who reclaims.
Reclaimless	That can not be reclaimed.
Reclamation	The act or process of reclaiming.
Reclamation	Representation made in opposition; remonstrance.
Reclasp	To clasp or unite again.
Reclinant	Bending or leaning backward.
Reclinate	Reclined, as a leaf; bent downward, so that the point, as of a stem or leaf, is lower than the base.
Reclination	The act of leaning or reclining, or the state of being reclined.
Reclination	The angle which the plane of the dial makes with a vertical plane which it intersects in a horizontal line.
Reclination	The act or process of removing a cataract, by applying the needle to its anterior surface, and depressing it into the vitreous humor in such a way that the front surface of the cataract becomes the upper one and its back surface the lower one.
Reclined	of Recline
Reclining	of Recline
Recline	To cause or permit to lean, incline, rest, etc.; to place in a recumbent position; as, to recline the head on the hand.
Recline	To lean or incline; as, to recline against a wall.
Recline	To assume, or to be in, a recumbent position; as, to recline on a couch.
Recline	Having a reclining posture; leaning; reclining.
Reclined	Falling or turned downward; reclinate.
Recliner	One who, or that which, reclines.
Reclining	Bending or curving gradually back from the perpendicular.
Reclining	Recumbent.
Reclose	To close again.
Reclothe	To clothe again.
Reclude	To open; to unclose.
Recluse	Shut up; sequestered; retired from the world or from public notice; solitary; living apart; as, a recluse monk or hermit; a recluse life.
Recluse	A person who lives in seclusion from intercourse with the world, as a hermit or monk; specifically, one of a class of secluded devotees who live in single cells, usually attached to monasteries.
Recluse	The place where a recluse dwells.
Recluse	To shut up; to seclude.
Reclusely	In a recluse or solitary manner.
Recluseness	Quality or state of being recluse.
Reclusion	A state of retirement from the world; seclusion.
Reclusive	Affording retirement from society.
Reclusory	The habitation of a recluse; a hermitage.
Recoct	To boil or cook again; hence, to make over; to vamp up; to reconstruct.
Recoction	A second coction or preparation; a vamping up.
Recognition	The act of recognizing, or the state of being recognized; acknowledgment; formal avowal; knowledge confessed or avowed; notice.
Recognitor	One of a jury impaneled on an assize.
Recognitory	Pertaining to, or connected with, recognition.
Recognizability	The quality or condition of being recognizable.
Recognizable	Capable of being recognized.
Recognizance	An obligation of record entered into before some court of record or magistrate duly authorized, with condition to do some particular act, as to appear at the same or some other court, to keep the peace, or pay a debt. A recognizance differs from a bond, being witnessed by the record only, and not by the party's seal.
Recognizance	The verdict of a jury impaneled upon assize.
Recognizance	A token; a symbol; a pledge; a badge.
Recognizance	Acknowledgment of a person or thing; avowal; profession; recognition.
Recognization	Recognition.
Recognized	of Recognize
Recognizing	of Recognize
Recognize	To know again; to perceive the identity of, with a person or thing previously known; to recover or recall knowledge of.
Recognize	To avow knowledge of; to allow that one knows; to consent to admit, hold, or the like; to admit with a formal acknowledgment; as, to recognize an obligation; to recognize a consul.
Recognize	To acknowledge acquaintance with, as by salutation, bowing, or the like.
Recognize	To show appreciation of; as, to recognize services by a testimonial.
Recognize	To review; to reexamine.
Recognize	To reconnoiter.
Recognize	To enter an obligation of record before a proper tribunal; as, A B recognized in the sum of twenty dollars.
Recognizee	The person in whose favor a recognizance is made.
Recognizer	One who recognizes; a recognizor.
Recognizor	One who enters into a recognizance.
Recognosce	To recognize.
Recoiled	of Recoil
Recoiling	of Recoil
Recoil	To start, roll, bound, spring, or fall back; to take a reverse motion; to be driven or forced backward; to return.
Recoil	To draw back, as from anything repugnant, distressing, alarming, or the like; to shrink.
Recoil	To turn or go back; to withdraw one's self; to retire.
Recoil	To draw or go back.
Recoil	A starting or falling back; a rebound; a shrinking; as, the recoil of nature, or of the blood.
Recoil	The state or condition of having recoiled.
Recoil	Specifically, the reaction or rebounding of a firearm when discharged.
Recoiler	One who, or that which, recoils.
Recoilingly	In the manner of a recoil.
Recoilment	Recoil.
Recoin	To coin anew or again.
Recoinage	The act of coining anew.
Recoinage	That which is coined anew.
Re-collect	To collect again; to gather what has been scattered; as, to re-collect routed troops.
Recollected	of Recollect
Recollecting	of Recollect
Recollect	To recover or recall the knowledge of; to bring back to the mind or memory; to remember.
Recollect	Reflexively, to compose one's self; to recover self-command; as, to recollect one's self after a burst of anger; -- sometimes, formerly, in the perfect participle.
Recollect	A friar of the Strict Observance, -- an order of Franciscans.
Recollection	The act of recollecting, or recalling to the memory; the operation by which objects are recalled to the memory, or ideas revived in the mind; reminiscence; remembrance.
Recollection	The power of recalling ideas to the mind, or the period within which things can be recollected; remembrance; memory; as, an event within my recollection.
Recollection	That which is recollected; something called to mind; reminiscence.
Recollection	The act or practice of collecting or concentrating the mind; concentration; self-control.
Recollective	Having the power of recollecting.
Recollet	Same as Recollect, n.
Recolonization	A second or renewed colonization.
Recolonize	To colonize again.
Recombination	Combination a second or additional time.
Recombine	To combine again.
Recomfort	To comfort again; to console anew; to give new strength to.
Recomfortless	Without comfort.
Recomforture	The act of recomforting; restoration of comfort.
Recommence	To commence or begin again.
Recommence	To begin anew to be; to act again as.
Recommence	To commence again or anew.
Recommencement	A commencement made anew.
Recommended	of Recommend
Recommending	of Recommend
Recommend	To commend to the favorable notice of another; to commit to another's care, confidence, or acceptance, with favoring representations; to put in a favorable light before any one; to bestow commendation on; as, he recommended resting the mind and exercising the body.
Recommend	To make acceptable; to attract favor to.
Recommend	To commit; to give in charge; to commend.
Recommendable	Suitable to be recommended; worthy of praise; commendable.
Recommendation	The act of recommending.
Recommendation	That which recommends, or commends to favor; anything procuring, or tending to procure, a favorable reception, or to secure acceptance and adoption; as, he brought excellent recommendations.
Recommendation	The state of being recommended; esteem.
Recommendative	That which recommends; a recommendation.
Recommendatory	Serving to recommend; recommending; commendatory.
Recommender	One who recommends.
Recommission	To commission again; to give a new commission to.
Recommit	To commit again; to give back into keeping; specifically, to refer again to a committee; as, to recommit a bill to the same committee.
Recommitment	Alt. of Recommittal
Recommittal	A second or renewed commitment; a renewed reference to a committee.
Recompact	To compact or join anew.
Recompensation	Recompense.
Recompensation	Used to denote a case where a set-off pleaded by the defendant is met by a set-off pleaded by the plaintiff.
Recompensed	of Recompense
Recompensing	of Recompense
Recompense	To render an equivalent to, for service, loss, etc.; to requite; to remunerate; to compensate.
Recompense	To return an equivalent for; to give compensation for; to atone for; to pay for.
Recompense	To give in return; to pay back; to pay, as something earned or deserved.
Recompense	To give recompense; to make amends or requital.
Recompense	An equivalent returned for anything done, suffered, or given; compensation; requital; suitable return.
Recompensement	Recompense; requital.
Recompenser	One who recompenses.
Recompensive	Of the nature of recompense; serving to recompense.
Recompilation	A new compilation.
Recompile	To compile anew.
Recompilement	The act of recompiling; new compilation or digest; as, a recompilement of the laws.
Recomposed	of Recompose
Recomposing	of Recompose
Recompose	To compose again; to form anew; to put together again or repeatedly.
Recompose	To restore to composure; to quiet anew; to tranquilize; as, to recompose the mind.
Recomposer	One who recomposes.
Recomposition	The act of recomposing.
Reconcilable	Capable of being reconciled; as, reconcilable adversaries; an act reconciable with previous acts.
Reconciled	of Reconcile
Reconciling	of Reconcile
Reconcile	To cause to be friendly again; to conciliate anew; to restore to friendship; to bring back to harmony; to cause to be no longer at variance; as, to reconcile persons who have quarreled.
Reconcile	To bring to acquiescence, content, or quiet submission; as, to reconcile one's self to affictions.
Reconcile	To make consistent or congruous; to bring to agreement or suitableness; -- followed by with or to.
Reconcile	To adjust; to settle; as, to reconcile differences.
Reconcile	To become reconciled.
Reconcilement	Reconciliation.
Reconciler	One who reconciles.
Reconciliation	The act of reconciling, or the state of being reconciled; reconcilenment; restoration to harmony; renewal of friendship.
Reconciliation	Reduction to congruence or consistency; removal of inconsistency; harmony.
Reconciliatory	Serving or tending to reconcile.
Recondensation	The act or process of recondensing.
Recondense	To condense again.
Recondite	Hidden from the mental or intellectual view; secret; abstruse; as, recondite causes of things.
Recondite	Dealing in things abstruse; profound; searching; as, recondite studies.
Reconditory	A repository; a storehouse.
Reconduct	To conduct back or again.
Reconfirm	To confirm anew.
Reconfort	To recomfort; to comfort.
Reconjoin	To join or conjoin anew.
Reconnoissance	Alt. of Reconnaissance
Reconnaissance	The act of reconnoitering; preliminary examination or survey.
Reconnaissance	An examination or survey of a region in reference to its general geological character.
Reconnaissance	An examination of a region as to its general natural features, preparatory to a more particular survey for the purposes of triangulation, or of determining the location of a public work.
Reconnaissance	An examination of a territory, or of an enemy's position, for the purpose of obtaining information necessary for directing military operations; a preparatory expedition.
Reconnoiter	Alt. of Reconnoitre
Reconnoitre	To examine with the eye to make a preliminary examination or survey of; esp., to survey with a view to military or engineering operations.
Reconnoitre	To recognize.
Reconquer	To conquer again; to recover by conquest; as, to reconquer a revolted province.
Reconquest	A second conquest.
Reconsecrate	To consecrate anew or again.
Reconsecration	Renewed consecration.
Reconsider	To consider again; as, to reconsider a subject.
Reconsider	To take up for renewed consideration, as a motion or a vote which has been previously acted upon.
Reconsideration	The act of reconsidering, or the state of being reconsidered; as, the reconsideration of a vote in a legislative body.
Reconsolate	To console or comfort again.
Reconsolidate	To consolidate anew or again.
Reconsolidation	The act or process of reconsolidating; the state of being reconsolidated.
Reconstruct	To construct again; to rebuild; to remodel; to form again or anew.
Reconstruction	The act of constructing again; the state of being reconstructed.
Reconstruction	The act or process of reorganizing the governments of the States which had passed ordinances of secession, and of reestablishing their constitutional relations to the national government, after the close of the Civil War.
Reconstructive	Reconstructing; tending to reconstruct; as, a reconstructive policy.
Recontinuance	The act or state of recontinuing.
Recontinue	To continue anew.
Reconvene	To convene or assemble again; to call or come together again.
Reconvention	A cross demand; an action brought by the defendant against the plaintiff before the same judge.
Reconversion	A second conversion.
Reconvert	To convert again.
Reconvert	A person who has been reconverted.
Reconvertible	Capable of being reconverted; convertible again to the original form or condition.
Reconvey	To convey back or to the former place; as, to reconvey goods.
Reconvey	To transfer back to a former owner; as, to reconvey an estate.
Reconveyance	Act of reconveying.
Recopy	To copy again.
Recorded	of Record
Recording	of Record
Record	To recall to mind; to recollect; to remember; to meditate.
Record	To repeat; to recite; to sing or play.
Record	To preserve the memory of, by committing to writing, to printing, to inscription, or the like; to make note of; to write or enter in a book or on parchment, for the purpose of preserving authentic evidence of; to register; to enroll; as, to record the proceedings of a court; to record historical events.
Record	To reflect; to ponder.
Record	To sing or repeat a tune.
Record	A writing by which some act or event, or a number of acts or events, is recorded; a register; as, a record of the acts of the Hebrew kings; a record of the variations of temperature during a certain time; a family record.
Record	An official contemporaneous writing by which the acts of some public body, or public officer, are recorded; as, a record of city ordinances; the records of the receiver of taxes.
Record	An authentic official copy of a document which has been entered in a book, or deposited in the keeping of some officer designated by law.
Record	An official contemporaneous memorandum stating the proceedings of a court of justice; a judicial record.
Record	The various legal papers used in a case, together with memoranda of the proceedings of the court; as, it is not permissible to allege facts not in the record.
Record	Testimony; witness; attestation.
Record	That which serves to perpetuate a knowledge of acts or events; a monument; a memorial.
Record	That which has been, or might be, recorded; the known facts in the course, progress, or duration of anything, as in the life of a public man; as, a politician with a good or a bad record.
Record	That which has been publicly achieved in any kind of competitive sport as recorded in some authoritative manner, as the time made by a winning horse in a race.
Recordance	Remembrance.
Recordation	Remembrance; recollection; also, a record.
Recorder	One who records; specifically, a person whose official duty it is to make a record of writings or transactions.
Recorder	The title of the chief judical officer of some cities and boroughs; also, of the chief justice of an East Indian settlement. The Recorder of London is judge of the Lord Mayor's Court, and one of the commissioners of the Central Criminal Court.
Recorder	A kind of wind instrument resembling the flageolet.
Recordership	The office of a recorder.
Recording	Keeping a record or a register; as, a recording secretary; -- applied to numerous instruments with an automatic appliance which makes a record of their action; as, a recording gauge or telegraph.
Recorporification	The act of investing again with a body; the state of being furnished anew with a body.
Recouch	To retire again to a couch; to lie down again.
Recount	To count or reckon again.
Recount	A counting again, as of votes.
Recount	To tell over; to relate in detail; to recite; to tell or narrate the particulars of; to rehearse; to enumerate; as, to recount one's blessings.
Recountment	Recital.
Recoup	Alt. of Recoupe
Recoupe	To keep back rightfully (a part), as if by cutting off, so as to diminish a sum due; to take off (a part) from damages; to deduct; as, where a landlord recouped the rent of premises from damages awarded to the plaintiff for eviction.
Recoupe	To get an equivalent or compensation for; as, to recoup money lost at the gaming table; to recoup one's losses in the share market.
Recoupe	To reimburse; to indemnify; -- often used reflexively and in the passive.
Recouper	One who recoups.
Recoupment	The act of recouping.
Recourse	A coursing back, or coursing again, along the line of a previous coursing; renewed course; return; retreat; recurence.
Recourse	Recurrence in difficulty, perplexity, need, or the like; access or application for aid; resort.
Recourse	Access; admittance.
Recourse	To return; to recur.
Recourse	To have recourse; to resort.
Recourseful	Having recurring flow and ebb; moving alternately.
Recover	To cover again.
Recovered	of Recover
Recovering	of Recover
Recover	To get or obtain again; to get renewed possession of; to win back; to regain.
Recover	To make good by reparation; to make up for; to retrieve; to repair the loss or injury of; as, to recover lost time.
Recover	To restore from sickness, faintness, or the like; to bring back to life or health; to cure; to heal.
Recover	To overcome; to get the better of, -- as a state of mind or body.
Recover	To rescue; to deliver.
Recover	To gain by motion or effort; to obtain; to reach; to come to.
Recover	To gain as a compensation; to obtain in return for injury or debt; as, to recover damages in trespass; to recover debt and costs in a suit at law; to obtain title to by judgement in a court of law; as, to recover lands in ejectment or common recovery; to gain by legal process; as, to recover judgement against a defendant.
Recover	To regain health after sickness; to grow well; to be restored or cured; hence, to regain a former state or condition after misfortune, alarm, etc.; -- often followed by of or from; as, to recover from a state of poverty; to recover from fright.
Recover	To make one's way; to come; to arrive.
Recover	To obtain a judgement; to succeed in a lawsuit; as, the plaintiff has recovered in his suit.
Recover	Recovery.
Recoverable	Capable of being recovered or regained; capable of being brought back to a former condition, as from sickness, misfortune, etc.; obtainable from a debtor or possessor; as, the debt is recoverable; goods lost or sunk in the ocean are not recoverable.
Re coverance	Recovery.
Recoveree	The person against whom a judgment is obtained in common recovery.
Recoverer	One who recovers.
Recoveror	The demandant in a common recovery after judgment.
Recovery	The act of recovering, regaining, or retaking possession.
Recovery	Restoration from sickness, weakness, faintness, or the like; restoration from a condition of mistortune, of fright, etc.
Recovery	The obtaining in a suit at law of a right to something by a verdict and judgment of court.
Recovery	The getting, or gaining, of something not previously had.
Recovery	In rowing, the act of regaining the proper position for making a new stroke.
Recreance	Recreancy.
Recreancy	The quality or state of being recreant.
Recreant	Crying for mercy, as a combatant in the trial by battle; yielding; cowardly; mean-spirited; craven.
Recreant	Apostate; false; unfaithful.
Recreant	One who yields in combat, and begs for mercy; a mean-spirited, cowardly wretch.
Re-create	To create or form anew.
Recreated	of Recreate
Recreating	of Recreate
Recreate	To give fresh life to; to reanimate; to revive; especially, to refresh after wearying toil or anxiety; to relieve; to cheer; to divert; to amuse; to gratify.
Recreate	To take recreation.
Recreation	The act of recreating, or the state of being recreated; refreshment of the strength and spirits after toil; amusement; diversion; sport; pastime.
Re-creation	A forming anew; a new creation or formation.
Re-creative	Creating anew; as, re-creative power.
Recreative	Tending to recreate or refresh; recreating; giving new vigor or animation; reinvigorating; giving relief after labor or pain; amusing; diverting.
Recrement	Superfluous matter separated from that which is useful; dross; scoria; as, the recrement of ore.
Recrement	Excrement.
Recrement	A substance secreted from the blood and again absorbed by it.
Recremental	Recrementitious.
Recrementitial	Of the nature of a recrement. See Recrement, 2 (b).
Recrementitious	Of or pertaining to recrement; consisting of recrement or dross.
Recriminate	To return one charge or accusation with another; to charge back fault or crime upon an accuser.
Recriminate	To accuse in return.
Recrimination	The act of recriminating; an accusation brought by the accused against the accuser; a counter accusation.
Recriminative	Recriminatory.
Recriminator	One who recriminates.
Recriminatory	Having the quality of recrimination; retorting accusation; recriminating.
Recross	To cross a second time.
Recrudency	Recrudescence.
Recrudescence	Alt. of Recrudescency
Recrudescency	The state or condition of being recrudescent.
Recrudescency	Increased severity of a disease after temporary remission.
Recrudescent	Growing raw, sore, or painful again.
Recrudescent	Breaking out again after temporary abatement or supression; as, a recrudescent epidemic.
Recruited	of Recruit
Recruiting	of Recruit
Recruit	To repair by fresh supplies, as anything wasted; to remedy lack or deficiency in; as, food recruits the flesh; fresh air and exercise recruit the spirits.
Recruit	Hence, to restore the wasted vigor of; to renew in strength or health; to reinvigorate.
Recruit	To supply with new men, as an army; to fill up or make up by enlistment; as, he recruited two regiments; the army was recruited for a campaign; also, to muster; to enlist; as, he recruited fifty men.
Recruit	To gain new supplies of anything wasted; to gain health, flesh, spirits, or the like; to recuperate; as, lean cattle recruit in fresh pastures.
Recruit	To gain new supplies of men for military or other service; to raise or enlist new soldiers; to enlist troops.
Recruit	A supply of anything wasted or exhausted; a reenforcement.
Recruit	Specifically, a man enlisted for service in the army; a newly enlisted soldier.
Recruiter	One who, or that which, recruits.
Recruitment	The act or process of recruiting; especially, the enlistment of men for an army.
Recrystallization	The process or recrystallizing.
Recrystallize	To crystallize again.
Rectal	Of or pertaining to the rectum; in the region of the rectum.
Rectangle	A four-sided figure having only right angles; a right-angled parallelogram.
Rectangle	Rectangular.
Rectangled	Rectangular.
Rectangular	Right-angled; having one or more angles of ninety degrees.
Rectangularity	The quality or condition of being rectangular, or right-angled.
Recti-	A combining form signifying straight; as, rectilineal, having straight lines; rectinerved.
Rectifiable	Capable of being rectified; as, a rectifiable mistake.
Rectifiable	Admitting, as a curve, of the construction of a straight l//e equal in length to any definite portion of the curve.
Rectification	The act or operation of rectifying; as, the rectification of an error; the rectification of spirits.
Rectification	The determination of a straight line whose length is equal a portion of a curve.
Rectificator	That which rectifies or refines; esp., a part of a distilling apparatus in which the more volatile portions are separated from the less volatile by the process of evaporation and condensation; a rectifier.
Rectifier	One who, or that which, rectifies.
Rectifier	Specifically: (a) (Naut.) An instrument used for determining and rectifying the variations of the compass on board ship. (b) (Chem.) A rectificator.
Rectified	of Rectify
Rectifying	of Rectify
Rectify	To make or set right; to correct from a wrong, erroneous, or false state; to amend; as, to rectify errors, mistakes, or abuses; to rectify the will, the judgment, opinions; to rectify disorders.
Rectify	To refine or purify by repeated distillation or sublimation, by which the fine parts of a substance are separated from the grosser; as, to rectify spirit of wine.
Rectify	To produce ( as factitious gin or brandy) by redistilling low wines or ardent spirits (whisky, rum, etc.), flavoring substances, etc., being added.
Rectilineal	Alt. of Rectilinear
Rectilinear	Straight; consisting of a straight line or lines; bounded by straight lines; as, a rectineal angle; a rectilinear figure or course.
Rectilinearity	The quality or state of being rectilinear.
Rectilineous	Rectilinear.
Rectinerved	Having the veins or nerves straight; -- said of leaves.
Rection	See Government, n., 7.
Rectirostral	Having a straight beak.
Rectiserial	Arranged in exactly vertical ranks, as the leaves on stems of many kinds; -- opposed to curviserial.
Rectitis	Proctitis.
Rectitude	Straightness.
Rectitude	Rightness of principle or practice; exact conformity to truth, or to the rules prescribed for moral conduct, either by divine or human laws; uprightness of mind; uprightness; integrity; honesty; justice.
Rectitude	Right judgment.
Recto-	A combining form indicating connection with, or relation to, the rectum; as, recto-vesical.
Recto	A writ of right.
Recto	The right-hand page; -- opposed to verso.
Rector	A ruler or governor.
Rector	A clergyman who has the charge and cure of a parish, and has the tithes, etc.; the clergyman of a parish where the tithes are not impropriate. See the Note under Vicar.
Rector	A clergyman in charge of a parish.
Rector	The head master of a public school.
Rector	The chief elective officer of some universities, as in France and Scotland; sometimes, the head of a college; as, the Rector of Exeter College, or of Lincoln College, at Oxford.
Rector	The superior officer or chief of a convent or religious house; and among the Jesuits the superior of a house that is a seminary or college.
Rectoral	Pertaining to a rector or governor.
Rectorate	The office, rank, or station of a rector; rectorship.
Rectoress	A governess; a rectrix.
Rectoress	The wife of a rector.
Rectorial	Pertaining to a rector or a rectory; rectoral.
Rectorship	Government; guidance.
Rectorship	The office or rank of a rector; rectorate.
Rectories	of Rectory
Rectory	The province of a rector; a parish church, parsonage, or spiritual living, with all its rights, tithes, and glebes.
Rectory	A rector's mansion; a parsonage house.
Recto-uterine	Of or pertaining to both the rectum and the uterus.
Rectovaginal	Of or pertaining to both the rectum and the vagina.
Recto-vesical	Of or pertaining to both the rectum and the bladder.
Rectress	A rectoress.
Rectrices	of Rectrix
Rectrix	A governess; a rectoress.
Rectrix	One of the quill feathers of the tail of a bird.
Rectum	The terminal part of the large intestine; -- so named because supposed by the old anatomists to be straight. See Illust. under Digestive.
Recti	of Rectus
Rectus	A straight muscle; as, the recti of the eye.
Recubation	Recumbence.
Recule	To recoil.
Recule	Alt. of Reculement
Reculement	Recoil.
Recumb	To lean; to recline; to repose.
Recumbence	The act of leaning, resting, or reclining; the state of being recumbent.
Recumbency	Recumbence.
Recumbent	Leaning; reclining; lying; as, the recumbent posture of the Romans at their meals. Hence, figuratively; Resting; inactive; idle.
Recuperable	Recoverable.
Recuperated	of Recuperate
Recuperating	of Recuperate
Recuperate	To recover health; to regain strength; to convalesce.
Recuperate	To recover; to regain; as, to recuperate the health or strength.
Recuperation	Recovery, as of anything lost, especially of the health or strength.
Recuperative	Alt. of Recuperatory
Recuperatory	Of or pertaining to recuperation; tending to recovery.
Recuperator	Same as Regenerator.
Recurred	of Recur
Recurring	of Recur
Recur	To come back; to return again or repeatedly; to come again to mind.
Recur	To occur at a stated interval, or according to some regular rule; as, the fever will recur to-night.
Recur	To resort; to have recourse; to go for help.
Recure	To arrive at; to reach; to attain.
Recure	To recover; to regain; to repossess.
Recure	To restore, as from weariness, sickness; or the like; to repair.
Recure	To be a cure for; to remedy.
Recure	Cure; remedy; recovery.
Recureless	Incapable of cure.
Recurrence	Alt. of Recurrency
Recurrency	The act of recurring, or state of being recurrent; return; resort; recourse.
Recurrent	Returning from time to time; recurring; as, recurrent pains.
Recurrent	Running back toward its origin; as, a recurrent nerve or artery.
Recursant	Displayed with the back toward the spectator; -- said especially of an eagle.
Recursion	The act of recurring; return.
Recurvate	Recurved.
Recurvate	To bend or curve back; to recurve.
Recurvation	The act of recurving, or the state of being recurved; a bending or flexure backward.
Recurve	To curve in an opposite or unusual direction; to bend back or down.
Recurved	Curved in an opposite or uncommon direction; bent back; as, a bird with a recurved bill; flowers with recurved petals.
Recurviroster	A bird whose beak bends upward, as the avocet.
Recurvirostral	Having the beak bent upwards.
Recurvity	Recurvation.
Recurvous	Recurved.
Recusancy	The state of being recusant; nonconformity.
Recusant	Obstinate in refusal; specifically, in English history, refusing to acknowledge the supremacy of the king in the churc, or to conform to the established rites of the church; as, a recusant lord.
Recusant	One who is obstinate in refusal; one standing out stubbornly against general practice or opinion.
Recusant	A person who refuses to acknowledge the supremacy of the king in matters of religion; as, a Roman Catholic recusant, who acknowledges the supremacy of the pope.
Recusant	One who refuses communion with the Church of England; a nonconformist.
Recusation	Refusal.
Recusation	The act of refusing a judge or challenging that he shall not try the cause, on account of his supposed partiality.
Recusative	Refusing; denying; negative.
Recuse	To refuse or reject, as a judge; to challenge that the judge shall not try the cause.
Recussion	The act of beating or striking back.
Red	. imp. & p. p. of Read.
Red	To put on order; to make tidy; also, to free from entanglement or embarrassement; -- generally with up; as, to red up a house.
Red	Of the color of blood, or of a tint resembling that color; of the hue of that part of the rainbow, or of the solar spectrum, which is furthest from the violet part.
Red	The color of blood, or of that part of the spectrum farthest from violet, or a tint resembling these.
Red	A red pigment.
Red	An abbreviation for Red Republican. See under Red, a.
Red	The menses.
Redact	To reduce to form, as literary matter; to digest and put in shape (matter for publication); to edit.
Redacteur	See Redactor.
Redaction	The act of redacting; work produced by redacting; a digest.
Redactor	One who redacts; one who prepares matter for publication; an editor.
Redan	A work having two parapets whose faces unite so as to form a salient angle toward the enemy.
Redan	A step or vertical offset in a wall on uneven ground, to keep the parts level.
Redargued	of Redargue
Redarguing	of Redargue
Redargue	To disprove; to refute; toconfute; to reprove; to convict.
Redargution	The act of redarguing; refutation.
Redargutory	Pertaining to, or containing, redargution; refutatory.
Redback	The dunlin.
Redbelly	The char.
Redbird	The cardinal bird.
Redbird	The summer redbird (Piranga rubra).
Redbird	The scarlet tanager. See Tanager.
Redbreast	The European robin.
Redbreast	The American robin. See Robin.
Redbreast	The knot, or red-breasted snipe; -- called also robin breast, and robin snipe. See Knot.
Redbreast	The long-eared pondfish. See Pondfish.
Redbud	A small ornamental leguminous tree of the American species of the genus Cercis. See Judas tree, under Judas.
Redcap	The European goldfinch.
Redcap	A specter having long teeth, popularly supposed to haunt old castles in Scotland.
Redcoat	One who wears a red coat; specifically, a red-coated British soldier.
Redde	obs. imp. of Read, or Rede.
Reddened	of Redden
Reddening	of Redden
Redden	To make red or somewhat red; to give a red color to.
Redden	To grow or become red; to blush.
Reddendum	A clause in a deed by which some new thing is reserved out of what had been granted before; the clause by which rent is reserved in a lease.
Reddish	Somewhat red; moderately red.
Reddition	Restoration: restitution: surrender.
Reddition	Explanation; representation.
Redditive	Answering to an interrogative or inquiry; conveying a reply; as, redditive words.
Reddle	Red chalk. See under Chalk.
Reddour	Rigor; violence.
Rede	To advise or counsel.
Rede	To interpret; to explain.
Rede	Advice; counsel; suggestion.
Rede	A word or phrase; a motto; a proverb; a wise saw.
Redeemed	of Redeem
Redeeming	of Redeem
Redeem	To purchase back; to regain possession of by payment of a stipulated price; to repurchase.
Redeem	To recall, as an estate, or to regain, as mortgaged property, by paying what may be due by force of the mortgage.
Redeem	To regain by performing the obligation or condition stated; to discharge the obligation mentioned in, as a promissory note, bond, or other evidence of debt; as, to redeem bank notes with coin.
Redeem	To ransom, liberate, or rescue from captivity or bondage, or from any obligation or liability to suffer or to be forfeited, by paying a price or ransom; to ransom; to rescue; to recover; as, to redeem a captive, a pledge, and the like.
Redeem	Hence, to rescue and deliver from the bondage of sin and the penalties of God's violated law.
Redeem	To make good by performing fully; to fulfill; as, to redeem one's promises.
Redeem	To pay the penalty of; to make amends for; to serve as an equivalent or offset for; to atone for; to compensate; as, to redeem an error.
Redeemability	Redeemableness.
Redeemable	Capable of being redeemed; subject to repurchase; held under conditions permitting redemption; as, a pledge securing the payment of money is redeemable.
Redeemable	Subject to an obligation of redemtion; conditioned upon a promise of redemtion; payable; due; as, bonds, promissory notes, etc. , redeemabble in gold, or in current money, or four months after date.
Redeemableness	The quality or state of being redeemable; redeemability.
Redeemer	One who redeems.
Redeemer	Specifically, the Savior of the world, Jesus Christ.
Redeless	Without rede or counsel.
Redeliberate	To deliberate again; to reconsider.
Redeliver	To deliver or give back; to return.
Redeliver	To deliver or liberate a second time or again.
Redeliver	To report; to deliver the answer of.
Redeliverance	A second deliverance.
Redelivery	Act of delivering back.
Redelivery	A second or new delivery or liberation.
Redemand	To demand back; to demand again.
Redemand	A demanding back; a second or renewed demand.
Redemise	To demise back; to convey or transfer back, as an estate.
Redemise	The transfer of an estate back to the person who demised it; reconveyance; as, the demise and redemise of an estate. See under Demise.
Redemonstrate	To demonstrate again, or anew.
Redemptible	Redeemable.
Re-demption	The act of redeeming, or the state of being redeemed; repurchase; ransom; release; rescue; deliverance; as, the redemption of prisoners taken in war; the redemption of a ship and cargo.
Re-demption	The liberation of an estate from a mortgage, or the taking back of property mortgaged, upon performance of the terms or conditions on which it was conveyed; also, the right of redeeming and reentering upon an estate mortgaged. See Equity of redemption, under Equity.
Re-demption	Performance of the obligation stated in a note, bill, bond, or other evidence of debt, by making payment to the holder.
Re-demption	The procuring of God's favor by the sufferings and death of Christ; the ransom or deliverance of sinners from the bondage of sin and the penalties of God's violated law.
Redemptionary	One who is, or may be, redeemed.
Redemptioner	One who redeems himself, as from debt or servitude.
Redemptioner	Formerly, one who, wishing to emigrate from Europe to America, sold his services for a stipulated time to pay the expenses of his passage.
Redemptionist	A monk of an order founded in 1197; -- so called because the order was especially devoted to the redemption of Christians held in captivity by the Mohammedans. Called also Trinitarian.
Redemptive	Serving or tending to redeem; redeeming; as, the redemptive work of Christ.
Redemptorist	One of the Congregation of the Most Holy Redeemer, founded in Naples in 1732 by St. Alphonsus Maria de Liquori. It was introduced onto the United States in 1832 at Detroit. The Fathers of the Congregation devote themselves to preaching to the neglected, esp. in missions and retreats, and are forbidden by their rule to engage in the instruction of youth.
Redemptory	Paid for ransom; serving to redeem.
Redempture	Redemption.
Redented	Formed like the teeth of a saw; indented.
Redeposit	To deposit again.
Redescend	To descend again.
Redeye	The rudd.
Redeye	Same as Redfish (d).
Redeye	The goggle-eye, or fresh-water rock bass.
Redfin	A small North American dace (Minnilus cornutus, or Notropis megalops). The male, in the breeding season, has bright red fins. Called also red dace, and shiner. Applied also to Notropis ardens, of the Mississippi valley.
Redfinch	The European linnet.
Redfish	The blueback salmon of the North Pacific; -- called also nerka. See Blueback (b).
Redfish	The rosefish.
Redfish	A large California labroid food fish (Trochocopus pulcher); -- called also fathead.
Redfish	The red bass, red drum, or drumfish. See the Note under Drumfish.
Red-gum	An eruption of red pimples upon the face, neck, and arms, in early infancy; tooth rash; strophulus.
Red-gum	A name of rust on grain. See Rust.
Red-hand	Alt. of Red-handed
Red-handed	Having hands red with blood; in the very act, as if with red or bloody hands; -- said of a person taken in the act of homicide; hence, fresh from the commission of crime; as, he was taken red-hand or red-handed.
Redhead	A person having red hair.
Redhead	An American duck (Aythya Americana) highly esteemed as a game bird. It is closely allied to the canvasback, but is smaller and its head brighter red. Called also red-headed duck. American poachard, grayback, and fall duck. See Illust. under Poachard.
Redhead	The red-headed woodpecker. See Woodpecker.
Redhead	A kind of milkweed (Asclepias Curassavica) with red flowers. It is used in medicine.
Redhibition	The annulling of a sale, and the return by the buyer of the article sold, on account of some defect.
Redhibitory	Of or pertaining to redhibition; as, a redhibitory action or fault.
Redhoop	The male of the European bullfinch.
Redhorn	Any species of a tribe of butterflies (Fugacia) including the common yellow species and the cabbage butterflies. The antennae are usually red.
Red-hot	Red with heat; heated to redness; as, red-hot iron; red-hot balls. Hence, figuratively, excited; violent; as, a red-hot radical.
Rediae	of Redia
Redias	of Redia
Redia	A kind of larva, or nurse, which is prroduced within the sporocyst of certain trematodes by asexual generation. It in turn produces, in the same way, either another generation of rediae, or else cercariae within its own body. Called also proscolex, and nurse. See Illustration in Appendix.
Redient	Returning.
Redigest	To digest, or reduce to form, a second time.
Rediminish	To diminish again.
Redingote	A long plain double-breasted outside coat for women.
Redintegrate	Restored to wholeness or a perfect state; renewed.
Redintegrate	To make whole again; a renew; to restore to integrity or soundness.
Redintegration	Restoration to a whole or sound state; renewal; renovation.
Redintegration	Restoration of a mixed body or matter to its former nature and state.
Redintegration	The law that objects which have been previously combined as part of a single mental state tend to recall or suggest one another; -- adopted by many philosophers to explain the phenomena of the association of ideas.
Redirect	Applied to the examination of a witness, by the party calling him, after the cross-examination.
Redisburse	To disburse anew; to give, or pay, back.
Rediscover	To discover again.
Redispose	To dispose anew or again; to readjust; to rearrange.
Redisseize	To disseize anew, or a second time.
Redisseizin	A disseizin by one who once before was adjudged to have dassezed the same person of the same lands, etc.; also, a writ which lay in such a case.
Redisseizor	One who redisseizes.
Redissolve	To dissolve again.
Redistill	To distill again.
Redistrainer	One who distrains again.
Redistribute	To distribute again.
Redistrict	To divide into new districts.
Redition	Act of returning; return.
Redivide	To divide anew.
Redleg	Alt. of Redlegs
Redlegs	The redshank.
Redlegs	The turnstone.
Red-letter	Of or pertaining to a red letter; marked by red letters.
Redly	In a red manner; with redness.
Redmouth	Any one of several species of marine food fishes of the genus Diabasis, or Haemulon, of the Southern United States, having the inside of the mouth bright red. Called also flannelmouth, and grunt.
Redness	The quality or state of being red; red color.
Redolence	Alt. of Redolency
Redolency	The quality of being redolent; sweetness of scent; pleasant odor; fragrance.
Redolent	Diffusing odor or fragrance; spreading sweet scent; scented; odorous; smelling; -- usually followed by of.
Redouble	To double again or repeatedly; to increase by continued or repeated additions; to augment greatly; to multiply.
Redouble	To become greatly or repeatedly increased; to be multiplied; to be greatly augmented; as, the noise redoubles.
Redoubt	A small, and usually a roughly constructed, fort or outwork of varying shape, commonly erected for a temporary purpose, and without flanking defenses, -- used esp. in fortifying tops of hills and passes, and positions in hostile territory.
Redoubt	In permanent works, an outwork placed within another outwork. See F and i in Illust. of Ravelin.
Redoubt	To stand in dread of; to regard with fear; to dread.
Redoubtable	Formidable; dread; terrible to foes; as, a redoubtable hero; hence, valiant; -- often in contempt or burlesque.
Redoubted	Formidable; dread.
Redoubting	Reverence; honor.
Redounded	of Redound
Redounding	of Redound
Redound	To roll back, as a wave or flood; to be sent or driven back; to flow back, as a consequence or effect; to conduce; to contribute; to result.
Redound	To be in excess; to remain over and above; to be redundant; to overflow.
Redound	The coming back, as of consequence or effect; result; return; requital.
Redound	Rebound; reverberation.
Redowa	A Bohemian dance of two kinds, one in triple time, like a waltz, the other in two-four time, like a polka. The former is most in use.
Redpole	Same as Redpoll.
Redpoll	Any one of several species of small northern finches of the genus Acanthis (formerly Aegiothus), native of Europe and America. The adults have the crown red or rosy. The male of the most common species  (A. linarius) has also the breast and rump rosy. Called also redpoll linnet. See Illust. under Linnet.
Redpoll	The common European linnet.
Redpoll	The American redpoll warbler (Dendroica palmarum).
Redraft	To draft or draw anew.
Redraft	A second draft or copy.
Redraft	A new bill of exchange which the holder of a protected bill draws on the drawer or indorsers, in order to recover the amount of the protested bill with costs and charges.
Redrew	of Redraw
Redrawn	of Redraw
Redrawing	of Redraw
Redraw	To draw again; to make a second draft or copy of; to redraft.
Redraw	To draw a new bill of exchange, as the holder of a protested bill, on the drawer or indorsers.
Redress	To dress again.
Redress	To put in order again; to set right; to emend; to revise.
Redress	To set right, as a wrong; to repair, as an injury; to make amends for; to remedy; to relieve from.
Redress	To make amends or compensation to; to relieve of anything unjust or oppressive; to bestow relief upon.
Redress	The act of redressing; a making right; reformation; correction; amendment.
Redress	A setting right, as of wrong, injury, or opression; as, the redress of grievances; hence, relief; remedy; reparation; indemnification.
Redress	One who, or that which, gives relief; a redresser.
Redressal	Redress.
Redresser	One who redresses.
Redressible	Such as may be redressed.
Redressive	Tending to redress.
Redressless	Not having redress; such as can not be redressed; irremediable.
Redressment	The act of redressing; redress.
Red-riband	The European red band fish, or fireflame. See Rend fish.
Redroot	A name of several plants having red roots, as the New Jersey tea (see under Tea), the gromwell, the bloodroot, and the Lachnanthes tinctoria, an endogenous plant found in sandy swamps from Rhode Island to Florida.
Redsear	To be brittle when red-hot; to be red-short.
Redshank	A common Old World limicoline bird (Totanus calidris), having the legs and feet pale red. The spotted redshank (T. fuscus) is larger, and has orange-red legs. Called also redshanks, redleg, and clee.
Redshank	The fieldfare.
Redshank	A bare-legged person; -- a contemptuous appellation formerly given to the Scotch Highlanders, in allusion to their bare legs.
Red-short	Hot-short; brittle when red-hot; -- said of certain kinds of iron.
Redskin	A common appellation for a North American Indian; -- so called from the color of the skin.
Redstart	A small, handsome European singing bird (Ruticilla phoenicurus), allied to the nightingale; -- called also redtail, brantail, fireflirt, firetail. The black redstart is P.tithys.  The name is also applied to several other species of Ruticilla amnd allied genera, native of India.
Redstart	An American fly-catching warbler (Setophaga ruticilla). The male is black, with large patches of orange-red on the sides, wings, and tail. The female is olive, with yellow patches.
Redstreak	A kind of apple having the skin streaked with red and yellow, -- a favorite English cider apple.
Redstreak	Cider pressed from redstreak apples.
Redtail	The red-tailed hawk.
Redtail	The European redstart.
Red-tailed	Having a red tail.
Red-tape	Pertaining to, or characterized by, official formality. See Red tape, under Red, a.
Red-tapism	Strict adherence to official formalities.
Red-tapist	One who is tenacious of a strict adherence to official formalities.
Redthroat	A small Australian singing bird (Phyrrholaemus brunneus). The upper parts are brown, the center of the throat red.
Redtop	A kind of grass (Agrostis vulgaris) highly valued in the United States for pasturage and hay for cattle; -- called also English grass, and in some localities herd's grass. See Illustration in Appendix. The tall redtop is Triodia seslerioides.
Redub	To refit; to repair, or make reparation for; hence, to repay or requite.
Reduced	of Reduce
Reducing	of Reduce
Reduce	To bring or lead back to any former place or condition.
Reduce	To bring to any inferior state, with respect to rank, size, quantity, quality, value, etc.; to diminish; to lower; to degrade; to impair; as, to reduce a sergeant to the ranks; to reduce a drawing; to reduce expenses; to reduce the intensity of heat.
Reduce	To bring to terms; to humble; to conquer; to subdue; to capture; as, to reduce a province or a fort.
Reduce	To bring to a certain state or condition by grinding, pounding, kneading, rubbing, etc.; as, to reduce a substance to powder, or to a pasty mass; to reduce fruit, wood, or paper rags, to pulp.
Reduce	To bring into a certain order, arrangement, classification, etc.; to bring under rules or within certain limits of descriptions and terms adapted to use in computation; as, to reduce animals or vegetables to a class or classes; to reduce a series of observations in astronomy; to reduce language to rules.
Reduce	To change, as numbers, from one denomination into another without altering their value, or from one denomination into others of the same value; as, to reduce pounds, shillings, and pence to pence, or to reduce pence to pounds; to reduce days and hours to minutes, or minutes to days and hours.
Reduce	To change the form of a quantity or expression without altering its value; as, to reduce fractions to their lowest terms, to a common denominator, etc.
Reduce	To bring to the metallic state by separating from impurities; hence, in general, to remove oxygen from; to deoxidize; to combine with, or to subject to the action of, hydrogen; as, ferric iron is reduced to ferrous iron; or metals are reduced from their ores; -- opposed to oxidize.
Reduce	To restore to its proper place or condition, as a displaced organ or part; as, to reduce a dislocation, a fracture, or a hernia.
Reducement	Reduction.
Reducent	Tending to reduce.
Reducent	A reducent agent.
Reducer	One who, or that which, reduces.
Reducible	Capable of being reduced.
Reducibleness	Quality of being reducible.
Reducing	a & n. from Reduce.
Reduct	To reduce.
Reductibility	The quality of being reducible; reducibleness.
Reduction	The act of reducing, or state of being reduced; conversion to a given state or condition; diminution; conquest; as, the reduction of a body to powder; the reduction of things to order; the reduction of the expenses of government; the reduction of a rebellious province.
Reduction	The act or process of reducing. See Reduce, v. t., 6. and To reduce an equation, To reduce an expression, under Reduce, v. t.
Reduction	The correction of observations for known errors of instruments, etc.
Reduction	The preparation of the facts and measurements of observations in order to deduce a general result.
Reduction	The process of making a copy of something, as a figure, design, or draught, on a smaller scale, preserving the proper proportions.
Reduction	The bringing of a syllogism in one of the so-called imperfect modes into a mode in the first figure.
Reduction	The act, process, or result of reducing; as, the reduction of iron from its ores; the reduction of aldehyde from alcohol.
Reduction	The operation of restoring a dislocated or fractured part to its former place.
Reductive	Tending to reduce; having the power or effect of reducing.
Reductive	A reductive agent.
Reductively	By reduction; by consequence.
Reduit	A central or retired work within any other work.
Redundance	Alt. of Redundancy
Redundancy	The quality or state of being redundant; superfluity; superabundance; excess.
Redundancy	That which is redundant or in excess; anything superfluous or superabundant.
Redundancy	Surplusage inserted in a pleading which may be rejected by the court without impairing the validity of what remains.
Redundant	Exceeding what is natural or necessary; superabundant; exuberant; as, a redundant quantity of bile or food.
Redundant	Using more worrds or images than are necessary or useful; pleonastic.
Redundantly	In a refundant manner.
Reduplicate	Double; doubled; reduplicative; repeated.
Reduplicate	Valvate with the margins curved outwardly; -- said of the /stivation of certain flowers.
Reduplicate	To redouble; to multiply; to repeat.
Reduplicate	To repeat the first letter or letters of (a word). See Reduplication, 3.
Reduplication	The act of doubling, or the state of being doubled.
Reduplication	A figure in which the first word of a verse is the same as the last word of the preceding verse.
Reduplication	The doubling of a stem or syllable (more or less modified), with the effect of changing the time expressed, intensifying the meaning, or making the word more imitative; also, the syllable thus added; as, L. tetuli; poposci.
Reduplicative	Double; formed by reduplication; reduplicate.
Reduvid	Any hemipterous insect of the genus Redivius, or family Reduvidae. They live by sucking the blood of other insects, and some species also attack man.
Redweed	The red poppy (Papaver Rhoeas).
Redwing	A European thrush (Turdus iliacus). Its under wing coverts are orange red. Called also redwinged thrush. (b) A North American passerine bird (Agelarius ph/niceus) of the family Icteridae. The male is black, with a conspicuous patch of bright red, bordered with orange, on each wing. Called also redwinged blackbird, red-winged troupial, marsh blackbird, and swamp blackbird.
Redwithe	A west Indian climbing shrub (Combretum Jacquini) with slender reddish branchlets.
Redwood	A gigantic coniferous tree (Sequoia sempervirens) of California, and its light and durable reddish timber. See Sequoia.
Redwood	An East Indian dyewood, obtained from Pterocarpus santalinus, Caesalpinia Sappan, and several other trees.
Ree	See Rei.
Ree	To riddle; to sift; to separate or throw off.
Reebok	The peele.
Reecho	To echo back; to reverberate again; as, the hills reecho the roar of cannon.
Reecho	To give echoes; to return back, or be reverberated, as an echo; to resound; to be resonant.
Reecho	The echo of an echo; a repeated or second echo.
Reechy	Smoky; reeky; hence, begrimed with dirt.
Reed	Red.
Reed	Same as Rede.
Reed	The fourth stomach of a ruminant; rennet.
Reed	A name given to many tall and coarse grasses or grasslike plants, and their slender, often jointed, stems, such as the various kinds of bamboo, and especially the common reed of Europe and North America (Phragmites communis).
Reed	A musical instrument made of the hollow joint of some plant; a rustic or pastoral pipe.
Reed	An arrow, as made of a reed.
Reed	Straw prepared for thatching a roof.
Reed	A small piece of cane or wood attached to the mouthpiece of certain instruments, and set in vibration by the breath. In the clarinet it is a single fiat reed; in the oboe and bassoon it is double, forming a compressed tube.
Reed	One of the thin pieces of metal, the vibration of which produce the tones of a melodeon, accordeon, harmonium, or seraphine; also attached to certain sets or registers of pipes in an organ.
Reed	A frame having parallel flat stripe of metal or reed, between which the warp threads pass, set in the swinging lathe or batten of a loom for beating up the weft; a sley. See Batten.
Reed	A tube containing the train of powder for igniting the charge in blasting.
Reed	Same as Reeding.
Reedbird	The bobolink.
Reedbird	One of several small Asiatic singing birds of the genera Sch/nicola and Eurycercus; -- called also reed babbler.
Reedbuck	See Rietboc.
Reeded	Civered with reeds; reedy.
Reeded	Formed with channels and ridges like reeds.
Reeden	Consisting of a reed or reeds.
Reedification	The act reedifying; the state of being reedified.
Reedify	To edify anew; to build again after destruction.
Reeding	A small convex molding; a reed (see Illust. (i) of Molding); one of several set close together to decorate a surface; also, decoration by means of reedings; -- the reverse of fluting.
Reeding	The nurling on the edge of a coin; -- commonly called milling.
Reedless	Destitute of reeds; as, reedless banks.
Reedling	The European bearded titmouse (Panurus biarmicus); -- called also reed bunting, bearded pinnock, and lesser butcher bird.
Reed-mace	The cat-tail.
Reedwork	A collective name for the reed stops of an organ.
Reedy	Abounding with reeds; covered with reeds.
Reedy	Having the quality of reed in tone, that is, ///// and thin^ as some voices.
Reef	A chain or range of rocks lying at or near the surface of the water. See Coral reefs, under Coral.
Reef	A large vein of auriferous quartz; -- so called in Australia. Hence, any body of rock yielding valuable ore.
Reef	That part of a sail which is taken in or let out by means of the reef points, in order to adapt the size of the sail to the force of the wind.
Reefed	of Reef
Reefing	of Reef
Reef	To reduce the extent of (as a sail) by roiling or folding a certain portion of it and making it fast to the yard or spar.
Reef-band	A piece of canvas sewed across a sail to strengthen it in the part where the eyelet holes for reefing are made.
Reefer	One who reefs; -- a name often given to midshipmen.
Reefer	A close-fitting lacket or short coat of thick cloth.
Reefing	The process of taking in a reef.
Reefy	Full of reefs or rocks.
Reek	A rick.
Reek	Vapor; steam; smoke; fume.
Reeked	of Reek
Reeking	of Reek
Reek	To emit vapor, usually that which is warm and moist; to be full of fumes; to steam; to smoke; to exhale.
Reeky	Soiled with smoke or steam; smoky; foul.
Reeky	Emitting reek.
Reel	A lively dance of the Highlanders of Scotland; also, the music to the dance; -- often called Scotch reel.
Reel	A frame with radial arms, or a kind of spool, turning on an axis, on which yarn, threads, lines, or the like, are wound; as, a log reel, used by seamen; an angler's reel; a garden reel.
Reel	A machine on which yarn is wound and measured into lays and hanks, -- for cotton or linen it is fifty-four inches in circuit; for worsted, thirty inches.
Reel	A device consisting of radial arms with horizontal stats, connected with a harvesting machine, for holding the stalks of grain in position to be cut by the knives.
Reeled	of Reel
Reeling	of Reel
Reel	To roll.
Reel	To wind upon a reel, as yarn or thread.
Reel	To incline, in walking, from one side to the other; to stagger.
Reel	To have a whirling sensation; to be giddy.
Reel	The act or motion of reeling or staggering; as, a drunken reel.
Reelect	To elect again; as, to reelect the former governor.
Reelection	Election a second time, or anew; as, the reelection of a former chief.
Reeler	One who reels.
Reeler	The grasshopper warbler; -- so called from its note.
Reeligible	Eligible again; capable of reelection; as, reeligible to the same office.
Reem	The Hebrew name of a horned wild animal, probably the Urus.
Reem	To open (the seams of a vessel's planking) for the purpose of calking them.
Reembark	To put, or go, on board a vessel again; to embark again.
Reembarkation	A putting, or going, on board a vessel again.
Reembody	To embody again.
Reembrace	To embrace again.
Reemerge	To emerge again.
Reemergence	Act of reemerging.
Reenact	To enact again.
Reenaction	The act of reenacting; the state of being reenacted.
Reenactment	The enacting or passing of a law a second time; the renewal of a law.
Reencourage	To encourage again.
Reendow	To endow again.
Reenforce	To strengthen with new force, assistance, material, or support; as, to reenforce an argument; to reenforce a garment; especially, to strengthen with additional troops, as an army or a fort, or with additional ships, as a fleet.
Reenforce	Something which reenforces or strengthens.
Reenforce</B> (<I>v.</I>) That part of a cannon near the breech which is thicker than the rest of the piece, so as better to resist the force of the exploding powder. See Illust. of Cannon.<P><B>Reenforce</B> (<I>v.</I>)  (b) <P><B>Reenforce	That part of a cannon near the breech which is thicker than the rest of the piece, so as better to resist the force of the exploding powder. See Illust. of Cannon.<P><B>Reenforce</B> (<I>v.</I>)  (b) <P><B>Reenforce</B> (<I>v.</I>) An additional thickness of canvas, cloth, or the like, around an eyelet, buttonhole, etc.
Reenforcement	The act of reenforcing, or the state of being reenforced.
Reenforcement	That which reenforces; additional force; especially, additional troops or force to augment the strength of any army, or ships to strengthen a navy or fleet.
Reengage	To engage a second time or again.
Reengagement	A renewed or repeated engagement.
Reengrave	To engrave anew.
Reenjoy	To enjoy anew.
Reenjoyment	Renewed enjoyment.
Reenkindle	To enkindle again.
Reenlist	To enlist again.
Reenlistment	A renewed enlistment.
Reenslave	To enslave again.
Reenter	To enter again.
Reenter	To cut deeper, as engraved lines on a plate of metal, when the engraving has not been deep enough, or the plate has become worn in printing.
Reenter	To enter anew or again.
Reentering	The process of applying additional colors, by applications of printing blocks, to patterns already partly colored.
Reenthrone	To enthrone again; to replace on a throne.
Reenthronement	A second enthroning.
Reentrance	The act entereing again; re/ntry.
Reentrant	Reentering; pointing or directed inwardds; as, a re/ntrant angle.
Reentry	A second or new entry; as, a reentry into public life.
Reentry	A resuming or retaking possession of what one has lately foregone; -- applied especially to land; the entry by a lessor upon the premises leased, on failure of the tenant to pay rent or perform the covenants in the lease.
Reerect	To erect again.
Reermouse	See Rearmouse.
Reestablish	To establish anew; to fix or confirm again; to restore; as, to reestablish a covenant; to reestablish health.
Reestablisher	One who establishes again.
Reestablishment	The act reestablishing; the state of being reestablished.
Reestate	To reestablish.
Reeve	The female of the ruff.
Rove	of Reeve
Reeving	of Reeve
Reeve	To pass, as the end of a pope, through any hole in a block, thimble, cleat, ringbolt, cringle, or the like.
Reeve	an officer, steward, bailiff, or governor; -- used chiefly in compounds; as, shirereeve, now written sheriff; portreeve, etc.
Reexaminable	Admitting of being reexamined or reconsidered.
Reexamination	A repeated examination. See under Examination.
Reexamine	To examine anew.
Reexchange	To exchange anew; to reverse (a previous exchange).
Reexchange	A renewed exchange; a reversal of an exchange.
Reexchange	The expense chargeable on a bill of exchange or draft which has been dishonored in a foreign country, and returned to the country in which it was made or indorsed, and then taken up.
Reexhibit	To exhibit again.
Reexpel	To expel again.
Reexperience	A renewed or repeated experience.
Reexport	To export again, as what has been imported.
Reexport	Any commodity reexported; -- chiefly in the plural.
Reexportation	The act of reexporting, or of exporting an import.
Reexpulsion	Renewed or repeated expulsion.
Reezed	Grown rank; rancid; rusty.
Refaction	Recompense; atonement; retribution.
Refar	To go over again; to repeat.
Refashion	To fashion anew; to form or mold into shape a second time.
Refashionment	The act of refashioning, or the state of being refashioned.
Refasten	To fasten again.
Refect	To restore after hunger or fatigue; to refresh.
Refection	Refreshment after hunger or fatigue; a repast; a lunch.
Refective	Refreshing; restoring.
Refective	That which refreshes.
Refectories	of Refectory
Refectory	A room for refreshment; originally, a dining hall in monasteries or convents.
Refel	To refute; to disprove; as, to refel the tricks of a sophister.
Referred	of Refer
Referring	of Refer
Refer	To carry or send back.
Refer	Hence: To send or direct away; to send or direct elsewhere, as for treatment, aid, information, decision, etc.; to make over, or pass over, to another; as, to refer a student to an author; to refer a beggar to an officer; to refer a bill to a committee; a court refers a matter of fact to a commissioner for investigation, or refers a question of law to a superior tribunal.
Refer	To place in or under by a mental or rational process; to assign to, as a class, a cause, source, a motive, reason, or ground of explanation; as, he referred the phenomena to electrical disturbances.
Refer	To have recourse; to apply; to appeal; to betake one's self; as, to refer to a dictionary.
Refer	To have relation or reference; to relate; to point; as, the figure refers to a footnote.
Refer	To carry the mind or thought; to direct attention; as, the preacher referred to the late election.
Refer	To direct inquiry for information or a guarantee of any kind, as in respect to one's integrity, capacity, pecuniary ability, and the like; as, I referred to his employer for the truth of his story.
Referable	Capable of being referred, or considered in relation to something else; assignable; ascribable.
Referee	One to whom a thing is referred; a person to whom a matter in dispute has been referred, in order that he may settle it.
Reference	The act of referring, or the state of being referred; as, reference to a chart for guidance.
Reference	That which refers to something; a specific direction of the attention; as, a reference in a text-book.
Reference	Relation; regard; respect.
Reference	One who, or that which, is referred to.
Reference	One of whom inquires can be made as to the integrity, capacity, and the like, of another.
Reference	A work, or a passage in a work, to which one is referred.
Reference	The act of submitting a matter in dispute to the judgment of one or more persons for decision.
Reference	The process of sending any matter, for inquiry in a cause, to a master or other officer, in order that he may ascertain facts and report to the court.
Reference	Appeal.
Referendary	One to whose decision a cause is referred; a referee.
Referendary	An officer who delivered the royal answer to petitions.
Referendary	Formerly, an officer of state charged with the duty of procuring and dispatching diplomas and decrees.
Referendum	A diplomatic agent's note asking for instructions from his government concerning a particular matter or point.
Referendum	The right to approve or reject by popular vote a meassure passed upon by a legislature.
Referential	Containing a reference; pointing to something out of itself; as, notes for referential use.
Referment	The act of referring; reference.
Re-ferment	To ferment, or cause to ferment, again.
Referrer	One who refers.
Referrible	Referable.
Refigure	To figure again.
Refill	To fill, or become full, again.
Refind	To find again; to get or experience again.
Refined	of Refine
Refining	of Refine
Refine	To reduce to a fine, unmixed, or pure state; to free from impurities; to free from dross or alloy; to separate from extraneous matter; to purify; to defecate; as, to refine gold or silver; to refine iron; to refine wine or sugar.
Refine	To purify from what is gross, coarse, vulgar, inelegant, low, and the like; to make elegant or exellent; to polish; as, to refine the manners, the language, the style, the taste, the intellect, or the moral feelings.
Refine	To become pure; to be cleared of feculent matter.
Refine	To improve in accuracy, delicacy, or excellence.
Refine	To affect nicety or subtilty in thought or language.
Refined	Freed from impurities or alloy; purifed; polished; cultured; delicate; as; refined gold; refined language; refined sentiments.
Refinement	The act of refining, or the state of being refined; as, the refinement or metals; refinement of ideas.
Refinement	That which is refined, elaborated, or polished to excess; an affected subtilty; as, refinements of logic.
Refiner	One who, or that which, refines.
Refineries	of Refinery
Refinery	The building and apparatus for refining or purifying, esp. metals and sugar.
Refinery	A furnace in which cast iron is refined by the action of a blast on the molten metal.
Refit	To fit or prepare for use again; to repair; to restore after damage or decay; as, to refit a garment; to refit ships of war.
Refit	To fit out or supply a second time.
Refit	To obtain repairs or supplies; as, the fleet returned to refit.
Refitment	The act of refitting, or the state of being refitted.
Refix	To fix again or anew; to establish anew.
Reflame	To kindle again into flame.
Reflected	of Reflect
Reflecting	of Reflect
Reflect	To bend back; to give a backwa/d turn to; to throw back; especially, to cause to return after striking upon any surface; as, a mirror reflects rays of light; polished metals reflect heat.
Reflect	To give back an image or likeness of; to mirror.
Reflect	To throw back light, heat, or the like; to return rays or beams.
Reflect	To be sent back; to rebound as from a surface; to revert; to return.
Reflect	To throw or turn back the thoughts upon anything; to contemplate. Specifically: To attend earnestly to what passes within the mind; to attend to the facts or phenomena of consciousness; to use attention or earnest thought; to meditate; especially, to think in relation to moral truth or rules.
Reflect	To cast reproach; to cause censure or dishonor.
Reflected	Thrown back after striking a surface; as, reflected light, heat, sound, etc.
Reflected	Hence: Not one's own; received from another; as, his glory was reflected glory.
Reflected	Bent backward or outward; reflexed.
Reflectent	Bending or flying back; reflected.
Reflectent	Reflecting; as, a reflectent body.
Reflectible	Capable of being reflected, or thrown back; reflexible.
Reflecting	Throwing back light, heat, etc., as a mirror or other surface.
Reflecting	Given to reflection or serious consideration; reflective; contemplative; as, a reflecting mind.
Reflectingly	With reflection; also, with censure; reproachfully.
Reflection	The act of reflecting, or turning or sending back, or the state of being reflected.
Reflection	The return of rays, beams, sound, or the like, from a surface. See Angle of reflection, below.
Reflection	The reverting of the mind to that which has already occupied it; continued consideration; meditation; contemplation; hence, also, that operation or power of the mind by which it is conscious of its own acts or states; the capacity for judging rationally, especially in view of a moral rule or standard.
Reflection	Shining; brightness, as of the sun.
Reflection	That which is produced by reflection.
Reflection	An image given back from a reflecting surface; a reflected counterpart.
Reflection	A part reflected, or turned back, at an angle; as, the reflection of a membrane.
Reflection	Result of meditation; thought or opinion after attentive consideration or contemplation; especially, thoughts suggested by truth.
Reflection	Censure; reproach cast.
Reflection	The transference of an excitement from one nerve fiber to another by means of the nerve cells, as in reflex action. See Reflex action, under Reflex.
Reflective	Throwing back images; as, a reflective mirror.
Reflective	Capable of exercising thought or judgment; as, reflective reason.
Reflective	Addicted to introspective or meditative habits; as, a reflective person.
Reflective	Reflexive; reciprocal.
Reflector	One who, or that which, reflects.
Reflector	Something having a polished surface for reflecting light or heat, as a mirror, a speculum, etc.
Reflector	A reflecting telescope.
Reflector	A device for reflecting sound.
Reflex	Directed back; attended by reflection; retroactive; introspective.
Reflex	Produced in reaction, in resistance, or in return.
Reflex	Of, pertaining to, or produced by, stimulus or excitation without the necessary intervention of consciousness.
Reflex	Reflection; the light reflected from an illuminated surface to one in shade.
Reflex	An involuntary movement produced by reflex action.
Reflex	To reflect.
Reflex	To bend back; to turn back.
Reflexed	Bent backward or outward.
Reflexibility	The quality or capability of being reflexible; as, the reflexibility of the rays of light.
Reflexible	Capable of being reflected, or thrown back.
Reflexion	See Reflection.
Reflexity	The state or condition of being reflected.
Reflexive	Bending or turned backward; reflective; having respect to something past.
Reflexive	Implying censure.
Reflexive	Having for its direct object a pronoun which refers to the agent or subject as its antecedent; -- said of certain verbs; as, the witness perjured himself; I bethought myself. Applied also to pronouns of this class; reciprocal; reflective.
Reflexly	In a reflex manner; reflectively.
Refloat	Reflux; ebb.
Reflorescence	A blossoming anew of a plant after it has apparently ceased blossoming for the season.
Reflourish	To flourish again.
Reflow	To flow back; to ebb.
Reflower	To flower, or cause to flower, again.
Refluctuation	A flowing back; refluence.
Refluence	Alt. of Refluency
Refluency	The quality of being refluent; a flowing back.
Refluent	Flowing back; returning; ebbing.
Reflueus	Refluent.
Reflux	Returning, or flowing back; reflex; as, reflux action.
Reflux	A flowing back, as the return of a fluid; ebb; reaction; as, the flux and reflux of the tides.
Refocillate	To refresh; to revive.
Refocillation	Restoration of strength by refreshment.
Refold	To fold again.
Refoment	To foment anew.
Reforestization	The act or process of reforestizing.
Reforestize	To convert again into a forest; to plant again with trees.
Reforge	To forge again or anew; hence, to fashion or fabricate anew; to make over.
Reforger	One who reforges.
Reform	To put into a new and improved form or condition; to restore to a former good state, or bring from bad to good; to change from worse to better; to amend; to correct; as, to reform a profligate man; to reform corrupt manners or morals.
Reform	To return to a good state; to amend or correct one's own character or habits; as, a man of settled habits of vice will seldom reform.
Reform	Amendment of what is defective, vicious, corrupt, or depraved; reformation; as, reform of elections; reform of government.
Re-formed	of Re-form
Re-forming	of Re-form
Re-form	To give a new form to; to form anew; to take form again, or to take a new form; as, to re-form the line after a charge.
Reformable	Capable of being reformed.
Reformade	A reformado.
Reformado	A monk of a reformed order.
Reformado	An officer who, in disgrace, is deprived of his command, but retains his rank, and sometimes his pay.
Reformalize	To affect reformation; to pretend to correctness.
Reformation	The act of reforming, or the state of being reformed; change from worse to better; correction or amendment of life, manners, or of anything vicious or corrupt; as, the reformation of manners; reformation of the age; reformation of abuses.
Reformation	Specifically (Eccl. Hist.), the important religious movement commenced by Luther early in the sixteenth century, which resulted in the formation of the various Protestant churches.
Re-formation	The act of forming anew; a second forming in order; as, the reformation of a column of troops into a hollow square.
Reformative	Forming again; having the quality of renewing form; reformatory.
Reformatory	Tending to produce reformation; reformative.
-ries	of Reformatory
Reformatory	An institution for promoting the reformation of offenders.
Reformed	Corrected; amended; restored to purity or excellence; said, specifically, of the whole body of Protestant churches originating in the Reformation. Also, in a more restricted sense, of those who separated from Luther on the doctrine of consubstantiation, etc., and carried the Reformation, as they claimed, to a higher point. The Protestant churches founded by them in Switzerland, France, Holland, and part of Germany, were called the Reformed churches.
Reformed	Amended in character and life; as, a reformed gambler or drunkard.
Reformed	Retained in service on half or full pay after the disbandment of the company or troop; -- said of an officer.
Reformer	One who effects a reformation or amendment; one who labors for, or urges, reform; as, a reformer of manners, or of abuses.
Reformer	One of those who commenced the reformation of religion in the sixteenth century, as Luther, Melanchthon, Zwingli, and Calvin.
Reformist	A reformer.
Reformly	In the manner of a reform; for the purpose of reform.
Refortification	A fortifying anew, or a second time.
Refortify	To fortify anew.
Refossion	The act of digging up again.
Refound	To found or cast anew.
Refound	To found or establish again; to re/stablish.
Refound	imp. & p. p. of Refind, v. t.
Refounder	One who refounds.
Refracted	of Refract
Refracting	of Refract
Refract	To bend sharply and abruptly back; to break off.
Refract	To break the natural course of, as rays of light orr heat, when passing from one transparent medium to another of different density; to cause to deviate from a direct course by an action distinct from reflection; as, a dense medium refrcts the rays of light as they pass into it from a rare medium.
Refractable	Capable of being refracted.
Refracted	Bent backward angularly, as if half-broken; as, a refracted stem or leaf.
Refracted	Turned from a direct course by refraction; as, refracted rays of light.
Refracting	Serving or tending to refract; as, a refracting medium.
Refraction	The act of refracting, or the state of being refracted.
Refraction	The change in the direction of ray of light, heat, or the like, when it enters obliquely a medium of a different density from that through which it has previously moved.
Refraction	The change in the direction of a ray of light, and, consequently, in the apparent position of a heavenly body from which it emanates, arising from its passage through the earth's atmosphere; -- hence distinguished as atmospheric refraction, or astronomical refraction.
Refraction	The correction which is to be deducted from the apparent altitude of a heavenly body on account of atmospheric refraction, in order to obtain the true altitude.
Refractive	Serving or having power to refract, or turn from a direct course; pertaining to refraction; as, refractive surfaces; refractive powers.
Refractiveness	The quality or condition of being refractive.
Refractometer	A contrivance for exhibiting and measuring the refraction of light.
Refractor	Anything that refracts
Refractor	A refracting telescope, in which the image to be viewed is formed by the refraction of light in passing through a convex lens.
Refractorily	In a refractory manner; perversely; obstinately.
Refractoriness	The quality or condition of being refractory.
Refractory	Obstinate in disobedience; contumacious; stubborn; unmanageable; as, a refractory child; a refractory beast.
Refractory	Resisting ordinary treatment; difficult of fusion, reduction, or the like; -- said especially of metals and the like, which do not readily yield to heat, or to the hammer; as, a refractory ore.
Refractory	A refractory person.
Refractory	Refractoriness.
Refractory	OPottery) A piece of ware covered with a vaporable flux and placed in a kiln, to communicate a glaze to the other articles.
Refracture	A second breaking (as of a badly set bone) by the surgeon.
Refracture	To break again, as a bone.
Refragable	Capable of being refuted; refutable.
Refragate	To oppose.
Refrained	of Refrain
Refraining	of Refrain
Refrain	To hold back; to restrain; to keep within prescribed bounds; to curb; to govern.
Refrain	To abstain from
Refrain	To keep one's self from action or interference; to hold aloof; to forbear; to abstain.
Refrain	The burden of a song; a phrase or verse which recurs at the end of each of the separate stanzas or divisions of a poetic composition.
Refrainer	One who refrains.
Refrainment	Act of refraining.
Reframe	To frame again or anew.
Refrangibility	The quality of being refrangible.
Refrangible	Capable of being refracted, or turned out of a direct course, in passing from one medium to another, as rays of light.
Refrenation	The act of refraining.
Refreshed	of Refresh
Refreshing	of Refresh
Refresh	To make fresh again; to restore strength, spirit, animation, or the like, to; to relieve from fatigue or depression; to reinvigorate; to enliven anew; to reanimate; as, sleep refreshes the body and the mind.
Refresh	To make as if new; to repair; to restore.
Refresh	The act of refreshing.
Refresher	One who, or that which, refreshes.
Refresher	An extra fee paid to counsel in a case that has been adjourned from one term to another, or that is unusually protracted.
Refreshful	Full of power to refresh; refreshing.
Refreshing	Reviving; reanimating.
Refreshment	The act of refreshing, or the state of being refreshed; restoration of strength, spirit, vigor, or liveliness; relief after suffering; new life or animation after depression.
Refreshment	That which refreshes; means of restoration or reanimation; especially, an article of food or drink.
Refret	Refrain.
Refreyd	To chill; to cool.
Refrication	A rubbing up afresh; a brightening.
Refrigerant	Cooling; allaying heat or fever.
Refrigerant	That which makes to be cool or cold; specifically, a medicine or an application for allaying fever, or the symptoms of fever; -- used also figuratively.
Refrigerated	of Refrigerate
Refrigerating	of Refrigerate
Refrigerate	To cause to become cool; to make or keep cold or cool.
Refrigeration	The act or process of refrigerating or cooling, or the state of being cooled.
Refrigerative	Cooling; allaying heat.
Refrigerative	A refrigerant.
Refrigerator	That which refrigerates or makes cold; that which keeps cool.
Refrigerator	A box or room for keeping food or other articles cool, usually by means of ice.
Refrigerator	An apparatus for rapidly cooling heated liquids or vapors, connected with a still, etc.
Refrigeratory	Mitigating heat; cooling.
-ries	of Refrigeratory
Refrigeratory	That which refrigerates or cools.
Refrigeratory	In distillation, a vessel filled with cold water, surrounding the worm, the vapor in which is thereby condensed.
Refrigeratory	The chamber, or tank, in which ice is formed, in an ice machine.
Refrigerium	Cooling refreshment; refrigeration.
Refringency	The power possessed by a substance to refract a ray; as, different substances have different refringencies.
Refringent	Pertaining to, or possessing, refringency; refractive; refracting; as, a refringent prism of spar.
Reft	Bereft.
Reft	A chink; a rift. See Rift.
Refuge	Shelter or protection from danger or distress.
Refuge	That which shelters or protects from danger, or from distress or calamity; a stronghold which protects by its strength, or a sanctuary which secures safety by its sacredness; a place inaccessible to an enemy.
Refuge	An expedient to secure protection or defense; a device or contrivance.
Refuge	To shelter; to protect.
Refugee	One who flees to a shelter, or place of safety.
Refugee	Especially, one who, in times of persecution or political commotion, flees to a foreign power or country for safety; as, the French refugees who left France after the revocation of the edict of Nantes.
Refulgence	Alt. of Refulgency
Refulgency	The quality of being refulgent; brilliancy; splender; radiance.
Refulgent	Casting a bright light; radiant; brilliant; resplendent; shining; splendid; as, refulgent beams.
Refund	To fund again or anew; to replace (a fund or loan) by a new fund; as, to refund a railroad loan.
Refund	To pour back.
Refund	To give back; to repay; to restore.
Refund	To supply again with funds; to reimburse.
Refunder	One who refunds.
Refundment	The act of refunding; also, that which is refunded.
Refurbish	To furbish anew.
Refurnish	To furnish again.
Refurnishment	The act of refurnishing, or state of being refurnished.
Refusable	Capable of being refused; admitting of refusal.
Refusal	The act of refusing; denial of anything demanded, solicited, or offered for acceptance.
Refusal	The right of taking in preference to others; the choice of taking or refusing; option; as, to give one the refusal of a farm; to have the refusal of an employment.
Refused	of Refuse
Refusing	of Refuse
Refuse	To deny, as a request, demand, invitation, or command; to decline to do or grant.
Refuse	To throw back, or cause to keep back (as the center, a wing, or a flank), out of the regular aligment when troops ar/ about to engage the enemy; as, to refuse the right wing while the left wing attacks.
Refuse	To decline to accept; to reject; to deny the request or petition of; as, to refuse a suitor.
Refuse	To disown.
Refuse	To deny compliance; not to comply.
Refuse	Refusal.
Refuse	That which is refused or rejected as useless; waste or worthless matter.
Refuse	Refused; rejected; hence; left as unworthy of acceptance; of no value; worthless.
Refuser	One who refuses or rejects.
Refusion	New or repeated melting, as of metals.
Refusion	Restoration.
Refut	Refuge.
Refutability	The quality of being refutable.
Refutable	Admitting of being refuted or disproved; capable of being proved false or erroneous.
Refutal	Act of refuting; refutation.
Refutation	The act or process of refuting or disproving, or the state of being refuted; proof of falsehood or error; the overthrowing of an argument, opinion, testimony, doctrine, or theory, by argument or countervailing proof.
Refutatory	Tending tu refute; refuting.
Refuted	of Refute
Refuting	of Refute
Refute	To disprove and overthrow by argument, evidence, or countervailing proof; to prove to be false or erroneous; to confute; as, to refute arguments; to refute testimony; to refute opinions or theories; to refute a disputant.
Refuter	One who, or that which, refutes.
Regain	To gain anew; to get again; to recover, as what has escaped or been lost; to reach again.
Regal	Of or pertaining to a king; kingly; royal; as, regal authority, pomp, or sway.
Regal	A small portable organ, played with one hand, the bellows being worked with the other, -- used in the sixteenth and seventeenth centuries.
Regale	A prerogative of royalty.
Regaled	of Regale
Regaling	of Regale
Regale	To enerta/n in a regal or sumptuous manner; to enrtertain with something that delights; to gratify; to refresh; as, to regale the taste, the eye, or the ear.
Regale	To feast; t/ fare sumtuously.
Regale	A sumptuous repast; a banquet.
Regalement	The act of regaling; anything which regales; refreshment; entertainment.
Regaler	One who regales.
Regalia	That which belongs to royalty. Specifically: (a) The rights and prerogatives of a king. (b) Royal estates and revenues. (c) Ensings, symbols, or paraphernalia of royalty.
Regalia	Hence, decorations or insignia of an office or order, as of Freemasons, Odd Fellows,etc.
Regalia	Sumptuous food; delicacies.
Regalia	A kind of cigar of large size and superior quality; also, the size in which such cigars are classed.
Regalian	Pertaining to regalia; pertaining to the royal insignia or prerogatives.
Regalism	The doctrine of royal prerogative or supremacy.
Regality	Royalty; sovereignty; sovereign jurisdiction.
Regality	An ensign or badge of royalty.
Regally	In a regal or royal manner.
Regarded	of Regard
Regarding	of Regard
Regard	To keep in view; to behold; to look at; to view; to gaze upon.
Regard	Hence, to look or front toward; to face.
Regard	To look closely at; to observe attentively; to pay attention to; to notice or remark particularly.
Regard	To look upon, as in a certain relation; to hold as an popinion; to consider; as, to regard abstinence from wine as a duty; to regard another as a friend or enemy.
Regard	To consider and treat; to have a certain feeling toward; as, to regard one with favor or dislike.
Regard	To pay respect to; to treat as something of peculiar value, sanctity, or the like; to care for; to esteem.
Regard	To take into consideration; to take account of, as a fact or condition.
Regard	To have relation to, as bearing upon; to respect; to relate to; to touch; as, an argument does not regard the question; -- often used impersonally; as, I agree with you as regards this or that.
Regard	To look attentively; to consider; to notice.
Regard	A look; aspect directed to another; view; gaze.
Regard	Attention of the mind with a feeling of interest; observation; heed; notice.
Regard	That view of the mind which springs from perception of value, estimable qualities, or anything that excites admiration; respect; esteem; reverence; affection; as, to have a high regard for a person; -- often in the plural.
Regard	State of being regarded, whether favorably or otherwise; estimation; repute; note; account.
Regard	Consideration; thought; reflection; heed.
Regard	Matter for consideration; account; condition.
Regard	Respect; relation; reference.
Regard	Object of sight; scene; view; aspect.
Regard	Supervision; inspection.
Regardable	Worthy of regard or notice; to be regarded; observable.
Regardant	Looking behind; looking backward watchfully.
Regardant	Looking behind or backward; as, a lion regardant.
Regardant	Annexed to the land or manor; as, a villain regardant.
Regarder	One who regards.
Regarder	An officer appointed to supervise the forest.
Regardful	Heedful; attentive; observant.
Regarding	Concerning; respecting.
Regardless	Having no regard; heedless; careless; as, regardless of life, consequences, dignity.
Regardless	Not regarded; slighted.
Regather	To gather again.
Regattas	of Regatta
Regatta	Originally, a gondola race in Venice; now, a rowing or sailing race, or a series of such races.
Regel	See Rigel.
Regelate	To freeze together again; to undergo regelation, as ice.
Regelation	The act or process of freezing anew, or together,as two pieces of ice.
Regence	Rule.
Regencies	of Regency
Regency	The office of ruler; rule; authority; government.
Regency	Especially, the office, jurisdiction, or dominion of a regent or vicarious ruler, or of a body of regents; deputed or vicarious government.
Regency	A body of men intrusted with vicarious government; as, a regency constituted during a king's minority, absence from the kingdom, or other disability.
Regeneracy	The state of being regenerated.
Regenerate	Reproduced.
Regenerate	Born anew; become Christian; renovated in heart; changed from a natural to a spiritual state.
Regenerate	To generate or produce anew; to reproduce; to give new life, strength, or vigor to.
Regenerate	To cause to be spiritually born anew; to cause to become a Christian; to convert from sin to holiness; to implant holy affections in the heart of.
Regenerate	Hence, to make a radical change for the better in the character or condition of; as, to regenerate society.
Regenerateness	The quality or state of being rgenerate.
Regeneration	The act of regenerating, or the state of being regenerated.
Regeneration	The entering into a new spiritual life; the act of becoming, or of being made, Christian; that change by which holy affectations and purposes are substituted for the opposite motives in the heart.
Regeneration	The reproduction of a part which has been removed or destroyed; re-formation; -- a process especially characteristic of a many of the lower animals; as, the regeneration of lost feelers, limbs, and claws by spiders and crabs.
Regeneration	The reproduction or renewal of tissues, cells, etc., which have been used up and destroyed by the ordinary processes of life; as, the continual regeneration of the epithelial cells of the body, or the regeneration of the contractile substance of muscle.
Regeneration	The union of parts which have been severed, so that they become anatomically perfect; as, the regeneration of a nerve.
Regenerative	Of or pertaining to regeneration; tending to regenerate; as, regenerative influences.
Regeneratively	So as to regenerate.
Regenerator	One who, or that which, regenerates.
Regenerator	A device used in connection with hot-air engines, gas-burning furnaces, etc., in which the incoming air or gas is heated by being brought into contact with masses of iron, brick, etc., which have been previously heated by the outgoing, or escaping, hot air or gas.
Regeneratory	Having power to renew; tending to reproduce; regenerating.
Regenesis	New birth; renewal.
Regent	Ruling; governing; regnant.
Regent	Exercising vicarious authority.
Regent	One who rules or reigns; a governor; a ruler.
Regent	Especially, one invested with vicarious authority; one who governs a kingdom in the minority, absence, or disability of the sovereign.
Regent	One of a governing board; a trustee or overseer; a superintendent; a curator; as, the regents of the Smithsonian Institution.
Regent	A resident master of arts of less than five years' standing, or a doctor of less than twwo. They were formerly privileged to lecture in the schools.
Regentess	A female regent.
Regentship	The office of a regent; regency.
Regerminate	To germinate again.
Regermination	A germinating again or anew.
Regest	A register.
Reget	To get again.
Regian	An upholder of kingly authority; a royalist.
Regible	Governable; tractable.
Regicidal	Pertaining to regicide, or to one committing it; having the nature of, or resembling, regicide.
Regicide	One who kills or who murders a king; specifically (Eng.Hist.), one of the judges who condemned Charles I. to death.
Regicide	The killing or the murder of a king.
Regild	To gild anew.
Regime	Mode or system of rule or management; character of government, or of the prevailing social system.
Regime	The condition of a river with respect to the rate of its flow, as measured by the volume of water passing different cross sections in a given time, uniform regime being the condition when the flow is equal and uniform at all the cross sections.
Regimen	Orderly government; system of order; adminisration.
Regimen	Any regulation or remedy which is intended to produce beneficial effects by gradual operation
Regimen	a systematic course of diet, etc., pursed with a view to improving or preserving the health, or for the purpose of attaining some particular effect, as a reduction of flesh; -- sometimes used synonymously with hygiene.
Regimen	A syntactical relation between words, as when one depends on another and is regulated by it in respect to case or mood; government.
Regimen	The word or words governed.
Regiment	Government; mode of ruling; rule; authority; regimen.
Regiment	A region or district governed.
Regiment	A body of men, either horse, foot, or artillery, commanded by a colonel, and consisting of a number of companies, usually ten.
Regimented	of Regiment
Regimenting	of Regiment
Regiment	To form into a regiment or into regiments.
Regimental	Belonging to, or concerning, a regiment; as, regimental officers, clothing.
Regimentally	In or by a regiment or regiments; as, troops classified regimentally.
Regimentals	The uniform worn by the officers and soldiers of a regiment; military dress; -- formerly used in the singular in the same sense.
Regiminal	Of or relating to regimen; as, regiminal rules.
Region	One of the grand districts or quarters into which any space or surface, as of the earth or the heavens, is conceived of as divided; hence, in general, a portion of space or territory of indefinite extent; country; province; district; tract.
Region	Tract, part, or space, lying about and including anything; neighborhood; vicinity; sphere.
Region	The upper air; the sky; the heavens.
Region	The inhabitants of a district.
Region	Place; rank; station.
Regional	Of or pertaining to a particular region; sectional.
Regious	Regal; royal.
Register	A written account or entry; an official or formal enumeration, description, or record; a memorial record; a list or roll; a schedule.
Register	A record containing a list and description of the merchant vessels belonging to a port or customs district.
Register	A certificate issued by the collector of customs of a port or district to the owner of a vessel, containing the description of a vessel, its name, ownership, and other material facts. It is kept on board the vessel, to be used as an evidence of nationality or as a muniment of title.
Register	One who registers or records; a registrar; a recorder; especially, a public officer charged with the duty of recording certain transactions or events; as, a register of deeds.
Register	That which registers or records.
Register	A contrivance for automatically noting the performance of a machine or the rapidity of a process.
Register	The part of a telegraphic apparatus which records automatically the message received.
Register	A machine for registering automatically the number of persons passing through a gateway, fares taken, etc.; a telltale.
Register	A lid, stopper, or sliding plate, in a furnace, stove, etc., for regulating the admission of air to the fuel; also, an arrangement containing dampers or shutters, as in the floor or wall of a room or passage, or in a chimney, for admitting or excluding heated air, or for regulating ventilation.
Register	The inner part of the mold in which types are cast.
Register	The correspondence of pages, columns, or lines on the opposite or reverse sides of the sheet.
Register	The correspondence or adjustment of the several impressions in a design which is printed in parts, as in chromolithographic printing, or in the manufacture of paper hangings. See Register, v. i. 2.
Register	The compass of a voice or instrument; a specified portion of the compass of a voice, or a series of vocal tones of a given compass; as, the upper, middle, or lower register; the soprano register; the tenor register.
Register	A stop or set of pipes in an organ.
Registered	of Register
Registering	of Register
Register	To enter in a register; to record formally and distinctly, as for future use or service.
Register	To enroll; to enter in a list.
Register	To enroll one's name in a register.
Register	To correspond in relative position; as, two pages, columns, etc. , register when the corresponding parts fall in the same line, or when line falls exactly upon line in reverse pages, or (as in chromatic printing) where the various colors of the design are printed consecutively, and perfect adjustment of parts is necessary.
Registering	Recording; -- applied to instruments; having an apparatus which registers; as, a registering thermometer. See Recording.
Registership	The office of a register.
Registrant	One who registers; esp., one who , by virtue of securing an official registration, obtains a certain right or title of possession, as to a trade-mark.
Registrar	One who registers; a recorder; a keeper of records; as, a registrar of births, deaths, and marriages. See Register, n., 3.
Registrarship	The office of a registrar.
Registrary	A registrar.
Registrate	To register.
Registration	The act of registering; registry; enrollment.
Registration	The art of selecting and combining the stops or registers of an organ.
Registry	The act of recording or writing in a register; enrollment; registration.
Registry	The place where a register is kept.
Registry	A record; an account; a register.
Regius	Of or pertaining to a king; royal.
Regive	To give again; to give back.
Regle	To rule; to govern.
Reglement	Regulation.
Reglementary	Regulative.
Reglet	A flat, narrow molding, used chiefly to separate the parts or members of compartments or panels from one another, or doubled, turned, and interlaced so as to form knots, frets, or other ornaments. See Illust. (12) of Column.
Reglet	A strip of wood or metal of the height of a quadrat, used for regulating the space between pages in a chase, and also for spacing out title-pages and other open matter. It is graded to different sizes, and designated by the name of the type that it matches; as, nonpareil reglet, pica reglet, and the like.
Regma	A kind of dry fruit, consisting of three or more cells, each which at length breaks open at the inner angle.
Regmacarp	Any dry dehiscent fruit.
Regnal	Of or pertaining to the reign of a monarch; as, regnal years.
Regnancy	The condition or quality of being regnant; sovereignty; rule.
Regnant	Exercising regal authority; reigning; as, a queen regnant.
Regnant	Having the chief power; ruling; predominant; prevalent.
Regnative	Ruling; governing.
Regne	See Reign.
Regorge	To vomit up; to eject from the stomach; to throw back.
Regorge	To swallow again; to swallow back.
Regrade	To retire; to go back.
Regraft	To graft again.
Regrant	To grant back; to grant again or anew.
Regrant	The act of granting back to a former proprietor.
Regrant	A renewed of a grant; as, the regrant of a monopoly.
Regrated	of Regrate
Regrating	of Regrate
Regrate	To remove the outer surface of, as of an old hewn stone, so as to give it a fresh appearance.
Regrate	To offend; to shock.
Regrate	To buy in large quantities, as corn, provisions, etc., at a market or fair, with the intention of selling the same again, in or near the same place, at a higher price, -- a practice which was formerly treated as a public offense.
Regrater	One who regrates.
Regratery	The act or practice of regrating.
Regratiatory	A returning or giving of thanks.
Regrator	One guilty of regrating.
Regrede	To go back; to retrograde, as the apsis of a planet's orbit.
Regredience	A going back; a retrogression; a return.
Regreet	To greet again; to resalute; to return a salutation to; to greet.
Regreet	A return or exchange of salutation.
Regress	The act of passing back; passage back; return; retrogression. "The progress or regress of man".
Regress	The power or liberty of passing back.
Regressed	of Regress
Regressing	of Regress
Regress	To go back; to return to a former place or state.
Regression	The act of passing back or returning; retrogression; retrogradation.
Regressive	Passing back; returning.
Regressive	Characterized by retrogression; retrogressive.
Regressively	In a regressive manner.
Regret	Pain of mind on account of something done or experienced in the past, with a wish that it had been different; a looking back with dissatisfaction or with longing; grief; sorrow; especially, a mourning on account of the loss of some joy, advantage, or satisfaction.
Regret	Dislike; aversion.
Regretted	of Regret
Regretting	of Regret
Regret	To experience regret on account of; to lose or miss with a sense of regret; to feel sorrow or dissatisfaction on account of (the happening or the loss of something); as, to regret an error; to regret lost opportunities or friends.
Regretful	Full of regret; indulging in regrets; repining.
Regrow	To grow again.
Regrowth	The act of regrowing; a second or new growth.
Reguardant	Same as Regardant.
Reguerdon	To reward.
Regulable	Capable of being regulated.
Regular	Conformed to a rule; agreeable to an established rule, law, principle, or type, or to established customary forms; normal; symmetrical; as, a regular verse in poetry; a regular piece of music; a regular verb; regular practice of law or medicine; a regular building.
Regular	Governed by rule or rules; steady or uniform in course, practice, or occurence; not subject to unexplained or irrational variation; returning at stated intervals; steadily pursued; orderlly; methodical; as, the regular succession of day and night; regular habits.
Regular	Constituted, selected, or conducted in conformity with established usages, rules, or discipline; duly authorized; permanently organized; as, a regular meeting; a regular physican; a regular nomination; regular troops.
Regular	Belonging to a monastic order or community; as, regular clergy, in distinction dfrom the secular clergy.
Regular	Thorough; complete; unmitigated; as, a regular humbug.
Regular	Having all the parts of the same kind alike in size and shape; as, a regular flower; a regular sea urchin.
Regular	Same as Isometric.
Regular	A member of any religious order or community who has taken the vows of poverty, chastity, and obedience, and who has been solemnly recognized by the church.
Regular	A soldier belonging to a permanent or standing army; -- chiefly used in the plural.
Regularia	A division of Echini which includes the circular, or regular, sea urchins.
Regularity	The condition or quality of being regular; as, regularity of outline; the regularity of motion.
Regularize	To cause to become regular; to regulate.
Regularly	In a regular manner; in uniform order; methodically; in due order or time.
Regularness	Regularity.
Regulated	of Regulate
Regulating	of Regulate
Regulate	To adjust by rule, method, or established mode; to direct by rule or restriction; to subject to governing principles or laws.
Regulate	To put in good order; as, to regulate the disordered state of a nation or its finances.
Regulate	To adjust, or maintain, with respect to a desired rate, degree, or condition; as, to regulate the temperature of a room, the pressure of steam, the speed of a machine, etc.
Regulation	The act of regulating, or the state of being regulated.
Regulation	A rule or order prescribed for management or government; prescription; a regulating principle; a governing direction; precept; law; as, the regulations of a society or a school.
Regulative	Tending to regulate; regulating.
Regulative	Necessarily assumed by the mind as fundamental to all other knowledge; furnishing fundamental principles; as, the regulative principles, or principles a priori; the regulative faculty.
Regulator	One who, or that which, regulates.
Regulator	A contrivance for regulating and controlling motion, as: (a) The lever or index in a watch, which controls the effective length of the hairspring, and thus regulates the vibrations of the balance. (b) The governor of a steam engine. (c) A valve for controlling the admission of steam to the steam chest, in a locomotive.
Regulator	A clock, or other timepiece, used as a standard of correct time. See Astronomical clock (a), under Clock.
Regulator	A member of a volunteer committee which, in default of the lawful authority, undertakes to preserve order and prevent crimes; also, sometimes, one of a band organized for the comission of violent crimes.
Reguline	Of or pertaining to regulus.
Regulize	To reduce to regulus; to separate, as a metal from extraneous matter; as, to regulize antimony.
Reguluses	of Regulus
Reguli	of Regulus
Regulus	A petty king; a ruler of little power or consequence.
Regulus	The button, globule, or mass of metal, in a more or less impure state, which forms in the bottom of the crucible in smelting and reduction of ores.
Regulus	A star of the first magnitude in the constellation Leo; -- called also the Lion's Heart.
Regurgitate	To throw or pour back, as from a deep or hollow place; to pour or throw back in great quantity.
Regurgitate	To be thrown or poured back; to rush or surge back.
Regurgitation	The act of flowing or pouring back by the orifice of entrance
Regurgitation	the reversal of the natural direction in which the current or contents flow through a tube or cavity of the body.
Regurgitation	The act of swallowing again; reabsorption.
Rehabilitated	of Rehabilitate
Rehabilitating	of Rehabilitate
Rehabilitate	To invest or clothe again with some right, authority, or dignity; to restore to a former capacity; to reinstate; to qualify again; to restore, as a delinquent, to a former right, rank, or privilege lost or forfeited; -- a term of civil and canon law.
Rehabilitation	The act of rehabilitating, or the state of being rehabilitated.
Rehash	To hash over again; to prepare or use again; as, to rehash old arguments.
Rehash	Something hashed over, or made up from old materials.
Rehear	To hear again; to try a second time; as, to rehear a cause in Chancery.
Rehearsal	The act of rehearsing; recital; narration; repetition; specifically, a private recital, performance, or season of practice, in preparation for a public exhibition or exercise.
Rehearsed	of Rehearse
Rehearsing	of Rehearse
Rehearse	To repeat, as what has been already said; to tell over again; to recite.
Rehearse	To narrate; to relate; to tell.
Rehearse	To recite or repeat in private for experiment and improvement, before a public representation; as, to rehearse a tragedy.
Rehearse	To cause to rehearse; to instruct by rehearsal.
Rehearse	To recite or repeat something for practice.
Rehearser	One who rehearses.
Reheat	To heat again.
Reheat	To revive; to cheer; to cherish.
Rehibition	The returning of a thing purchased to the seller, on the ground of defect or frand.
Rehibitory	Of or relating to rehibition; as, a rehibitory action.
Rehire	To hire again.
Rehypothecate	To hypothecate again.
Reis	of Rei
Rei	A portuguese money of account, in value about one tenth of a cent.
Reichsrath	The parliament of Austria (exclusive of Hungary, which has its own diet, or parliament). It consists of an Upper and a Lower House, or a House of Lords and a House of Representatives.
Reichsstand	A free city of the former German empire.
Reichstag	The Diet, or House of Representatives, of the German empire, which is composed of members elected for a term of three years by the direct vote of the people. See Bundesrath.
Reif	Robbery; spoil.
Reigle	A hollow cut or channel for quiding anything; as, the reigle of a side post for a flood gate.
Reigle	To regulate; to govern.
Reiglement	Rule; regulation.
Reign	Royal authority; supreme power; sovereignty; rule; dominion.
Reign	The territory or sphere which is reigned over; kingdom; empire; realm; dominion.
Reign	The time during which a king, queen, or emperor possesses the supreme authority; as, it happened in the reign of Elizabeth.
Reigned	of Reign
Reigning	of Reign
Reign	To possess or exercise sovereign power or authority; to exercise government, as a king or emperor;; to hold supreme power; to rule.
Reign	Hence, to be predominant; to prevail.
Reign	To have superior or uncontrolled dominion; to rule.
Reigner	One who reigns.
Reillume	To light again; to cause to shine anew; to relume; to reillumine.
Reilluminate	To enlighten again; to reillumine.
Reillumination	The act or process of enlightening again.
Reillumine	To illumine again or anew; to reillume.
Reim	A strip of oxhide, deprived of hair, and rendered pliable, -- used for twisting into ropes, etc.
Reimbark	See Reembark.
Reimbody	To imbody again.
Reimbursable	Capable of being repaid; repayable.
Reimbursed	of Reimburse
Reimbursing	of Reimburse
Reimburse	To replace in a treasury or purse, as an equivalent for what has been taken, lost, or expended; to refund; to pay back; to restore; as, to reimburse the expenses of a war.
Reimburse	To make restoration or payment of an equivalent to (a person); to pay back to; to indemnify; -- often reflexive; as, to reimburse one's self by successful speculation.
Reimbursement	The act reimbursing.
Reimburser	One who reimburses.
Reimplant	To implant again.
Reimport	To import again; to import what has been exported; to bring back.
Reimportation	The act of reimporting; also, that which is reimported.
Reimportune	To importune again.
Reimpose	To impose anew.
Reimpregnate	To impregnate again or anew.
Reimpress	To impress anew.
Reimpression	A second or repeated impression; a reprint.
Reimprint	To imprint again.
Reimprison	To imprison again.
Reimprisonment	The act of reimprisoning, or the state of being reimprisoned.
Rein	The strap of a bridle, fastened to the curb or snaffle on each side, by which the rider or driver governs the horse.
Rein	Hence, an instrument or means of curbing, restraining, or governing; government; restraint.
Reined	of Rein
Reining	of Rein
Rein	To govern or direct with the reins; as, to rein a horse one way or another.
Rein	To restrain; to control; to check.
Rein	To be guided by reins.
Reinaugurate	To inaugurate anew.
Reincit	To incite again.
Reincorporate	To incorporate again.
Reincrease	To increase again.
Reincur	To incur again.
Reindeer	Any ruminant of the genus Rangifer, of the Deer family, found in the colder parts of both the Eastern and Western hemispheres, and having long irregularly branched antlers, with the brow tines palmate.
Reinduce	To induce again.
Reinette	A name given to many different kinds of apples, mostly of French origin.
Reinfect	To infect again.
Reinfectious	Capable of reinfecting.
Reinforce	See Reenforce, v. t.
Reinforce	See Reenforce, n.
Reinforcement	See Reenforcement.
Reinfund	To flow in anew.
Reingratiate	To ingratiate again or anew.
Reinhabit	To inhabit again.
Reinless	Not having, or not governed by, reins; hence, not checked or restrained.
Reins	The kidneys; also, the region of the kidneys; the loins.
Reins	The inward impulses; the affections and passions; -- so called because formerly supposed to have their seat in the part of the body where the kidneys are.
Reinsert	To insert again.
Reinsertion	The act of reinserting.
Reinspect	To inspect again.
Reinspection	The act of reinspecting.
Reinspire	To inspire anew.
Reinspirit	To give fresh spirit to.
Reinstall	To install again.
Reinstallment	A renewed installment.
Reinstate	To place again in possession, or in a former state; to restore to a state from which one had been removed; to instate again; as, to reinstate a king in the possession of the kingdom.
Reinstatement	The act of reinstating; the state of being reinstated; re/stablishment.
Reinstation	Reinstatement.
Reinstruct	To instruct anew.
Reinsurance	Insurance a second time or again; renewed insurance.
Reinsurance	A contract by which an insurer is insured wholly or in part against the risk he has incurred in insuring somebody else. See Reassurance.
Reinsure	To insure again after a former insuranse has ceased; to renew insurance on.
Reinsure	To insure, as life or property, in favor of one who has taken an insurance risk upon it.
Reinsurer	One who gives reinsurance.
Reintegrate	To renew with regard to any state or quality; to restore; to bring again together into a whole, as the parts off anything; to reestablish; as, to reintegrate a nation.
Reintegration	A renewing, or making whole again. See Redintegration.
Reinter	To inter again.
Reinterrogate	To interrogate again; to question repeatedly.
Reinthrone	See Reenthrone.
Reinthronize	To enthrone again.
Reintroduce	To introduce again.
Reinvest	To invest again or anew.
Reinvestigate	To investigate again.
Reinvestment	The act of investing anew; a second or repeated investment.
Reinvigorate	To invigorate anew.
Reinvolve	To involve anew.
Reis	The word is used as a Portuguese designation of money of account, one hundred reis being about equal in value to eleven cents.
Reis	A common title in the East for a person in authority, especially the captain of a ship.
Reis Effendi	A title formerly given to one of the chief Turkish officers of state.  He was chancellor of the empire, etc.
Reissner's membrane	The thin membrane which separates the canal of the cochlea from the vestibular scala in the internal ear.
Reissuable	Capable of being reissued.
Reissue	To issue a second time.
Reissue	A second or repeated issue.
Reit	Sedge; seaweed.
Reiter	A German cavalry soldier of the fourteenth and fifteenth centuries.
Reiterant	Reiterating.
Reiterated	of Reiterate
Reiterating	of Reiterate
Reiterate	To repeat again and again; to say or do repeatedly; sometimes, to repeat.
Reiterate	Reiterated; repeated.
Reiteratedly	Repeatedly.
Reiteration	The act of reiterating; that which is reiterated.
Reiterative	A word expressing repeated or reiterated action.
Reiterative	A word formed from another, or used to form another, by repetition; as, dillydally.
Reiver	See Reaver.
Rejected	of Reject
Rejecting	of Reject
Reject	To cast from one; to throw away; to discard.
Reject	To refuse to receive or to acknowledge; to decline haughtily or harshly; to repudiate.
Reject	To refuse to grant; as, to reject a prayer or request.
Rejectable	Capable of being, or that ought to be, rejected.
Rejectamenta	Things thrown out or away; especially, things excreted by a living organism.
Rejectaneous	Not chosen or received; rejected.
Rejecter	One who rejects.
Rejection	Act of rejecting, or state of being rejected.
Rejectitious	Implying or requiring rejection; rejectable.
Rejective	Rejecting, or tending to reject.
Rejectment	Act of rejecting; matter rejected, or thrown away.
Rejoiced	of Rejoice
Rejoicing	of Rejoice
Rejoice	To feel joy; to experience gladness in a high degree; to have pleasurable satisfaction; to be delighted.
Rejoice	To enjoy.
Rejoice	To give joy to; to make joyful; to gladden.
Rejoice	The act of rejoicing.
Rejoicement	Rejoicing.
Rejoicer	One who rejoices.
Rejoicing	Joy; gladness; delight.
Rejoicing	The expression of joy or gladness.
Rejoicing	That which causes to rejoice; occasion of joy.
Rejoicingly	With joi or exultation.
Rejoined	of Rejoin
Rejoining	of Rejoin
Rejoin	To join again; to unite after separation.
Rejoin	To come, or go, again into the presence of; to join the company of again.
Rejoin	To state in reply; -- followed by an object clause.
Rejoin	To answer to a reply.
Rejoin	To answer, as the defendant to the plaintiff's replication.
Rejoinder	An answer to a reply; or, in general, an answer or reply.
Rejoinder	The defendant's answer to the plaintiff's replication.
Rejoinder	To make a rejoinder.
Rejoindure	Act of joining again.
Rejoint	To reunite the joints of; to joint anew.
Rejoint	Specifically (Arch.), to fill up the joints of, as stones in buildings when the mortar has been dislodged by age and the action of the weather.
Rejolt	A reacting jolt or shock; a rebound or recoil.
Rejolt	To jolt or shake again.
Rejourn	To adjourn; to put off.
Rejournment	Adjournment.
Rejudge	To judge again; to reexamine; to review; to call to a new trial and decision.
Rejuvenate	To render young again.
Rejuvenation	Rejuvenescence.
Rejuvenescence	A renewing of youth; the state of being or growing young again.
Rejuvenescence	A method of cell formation in which the entire protoplasm of an old cell escapes by rupture of the cell wall, and then develops a new cell wall. It is seen sometimes in the formation of zoospores, etc.
Rejuvenescency	Rejuvenescence.
Rejuvenescent	Becoming, or causing to become, rejuvenated; rejuvenating.
Rejuvenize	To rejuvenate.
Rekindle	To kindle again.
Rekne	To reckon.
Relade	To lade or load again.
Relaid	imp. & p. p. of Relay.
Relais	A narrow space between the foot of the rampart and the scarp of the ditch, serving to receive the earth that may crumble off or be washed down, and prevent its falling into the ditch.
Reland	To land again; to put on land, as that which had been shipped or embarked.
Reland	To go on shore after having embarked; to land again.
Relapsed	of Relapse
Relapsing	of Relapse
Relapse	To slip or slide back, in a literal sense; to turn back.
Relapse	To slide or turn back into a former state or practice; to fall back from some condition attained; -- generally in a bad sense, as from a state of convalescence or amended condition; as, to relapse into a stupor, into vice, or into barbarism; -- sometimes in a good sense; as, to relapse into slumber after being disturbed.
Relapse	To fall from Christian faith into paganism, heresy, or unbelief; to backslide.
Relapse	A sliding or falling back, especially into a former bad state, either of body or morals; backsliding; the state of having fallen back.
Relapse	One who has relapsed, or fallen back, into error; a backslider; specifically, one who, after recanting error, returns to it again.
Relapser	One who relapses.
Relapsing	Marked by a relapse; falling back; tending to return to a former worse state.
Related	of Relate
Relating	of Relate
Relate	To bring back; to restore.
Relate	To refer; to ascribe, as to a source.
Relate	To recount; to narrate; to tell over.
Relate	To ally by connection or kindred.
Relate	To stand in some relation; to have bearing or concern; to pertain; to refer; -- with to.
Relate	To make reference; to take account.
Related	Allied by kindred; connected by blood or alliance, particularly by consanguinity; as, persons related in the first or second degree.
Related	Standing in relation or connection; as, the electric and magnetic forcec are closely related.
Related	Narrated; told.
Related	Same as Relative, 4.
Relatedness	The state or condition of being related; relationship; affinity.
Relater	One who relates or narrates.
Relation	The act of relating or telling; also, that which is related; recital; account; narration; narrative; as, the relation of historical events.
Relation	The state of being related or of referring; what is apprehended as appertaining to a being or quality, by considering it in its bearing upon something else; relative quality or condition; the being such and such with regard or respect to some other thing; connection; as, the relation of experience to knowledge; the relation of master to servant.
Relation	Reference; respect; regard.
Relation	Connection by consanguinity or affinity; kinship; relationship; as, the relation of parents and children.
Relation	A person connected by cosanguinity or affinity; a relative; a kinsman or kinswoman.
Relation	The carrying back, and giving effect or operation to, an act or proceeding frrom some previous date or time, by a sort of fiction, as if it had happened or begun at that time. In such case the act is said to take effect by relation.
Relation	The act of a relator at whose instance a suit is begun.
Relational	Having relation or kindred; related.
Relational	Indicating or specifying some relation.
Relationist	A relative; a relation.
Relationship	The state of being related by kindred, affinity, or other alliance.
Relative	Having relation or reference; referring; respecting; standing in connection; pertaining; as, arguments not relative to the subject.
Relative	Arising from relation; resulting from connection with, or reference to, something else; not absolute.
Relative	Indicating or expressing relation; refering to an antecedent; as, a relative pronoun.
Relative	Characterizing or pertaining to chords and keys, which, by reason of the identify of some of their tones, admit of a natural transition from one to the other.
Relative	One who, or that which, relates to, or is considered in its relation to, something else; a relative object or term; one of two object or term; one of two objects directly connected by any relation.
Relative	A person connected by blood or affinity; strictly, one allied by blood; a relation; a kinsman or kinswoman.
Relative	A relative pronoun; a word which relates to, or represents, another word or phrase, called its antecedent; as, the relatives "who", "which", "that".
Relatively	In a relative manner; in relation or respect to something else; not absolutely.
Relativeness	The state of being relative, or having relation; relativity.
Relativity	The state of being relative; as, the relativity of a subject.
Relator	One who relates; a relater.
Relator	A private person at whose relation, or in whose behalf, the attorney-general allows an information in the nature of a quo warranto to be filed.
Relatrix	A female relator.
Relaxed	of Relax
Relaxing	of Relax
Relax	To make lax or loose; to make less close, firm, rigid, tense, or the like; to slacken; to loosen; to open; as, to relax a rope or cord; to relax the muscles or sinews.
Relax	To make less severe or rigorous; to abate the stringency of; to remit in respect to strenuousness, earnestness, or effort; as, to relax discipline; to relax one's attention or endeavors.
Relax	Hence, to relieve from attention or effort; to ease; to recreate; to divert; as, amusement relaxes the mind.
Relax	To relieve from constipation; to loosen; to open; as, an aperient relaxes the bowels.
Relax	To become lax, weak, or loose; as, to let one's grasp relax.
Relax	To abate in severity; to become less rigorous.
Relax	To remit attention or effort; to become less diligent; to unbend; as, to relax in study.
Relax	Relaxation.
Relax	Relaxed; lax; hence, remiss; careless.
Relaxable	Capable of being relaxed.
Relaxant	A medicine that relaxes; a laxative.
Relaxation	The act or process of relaxing, or the state of being relaxed; as, relaxation of the muscles; relaxation of a law.
Relaxation	Remission from attention and effort; indulgence in recreation, diversion, or amusement.
Relaxative	Having the quality of relaxing; laxative.
Relaxative	A relaxant.
Relaid	of Relay
Relaying	of Relay
Relay	To lay again; to lay a second time; as, to relay a pavement.
Relay	A supply of anything arranged beforehand for affording relief from time to time, or at successive stages; provision for successive relief.
Relay	A supply of horses placced at stations to be in readiness to relieve others, so that a trveler may proceed without delay.
Relay	A supply of hunting dogs or horses kept in readiness at certain places to relive the tired dogs or horses, and to continue the pursuit of the game if it comes that way.
Relay	A number of men who relieve others in carrying on some work.
Relay	In various forms of telegraphic apparatus, a magnet which receives the circuit current, and is caused by it to bring into into action the power of a local battery for performing the work of making the record; also, a similar device by which the current in one circuit is made to open or close another circuit in which a current is passing.
Relbun	The roots of the Chilian plant Calceolaria arachnoidea, -- used for dyeing crimson.
Releasable	That may be released.
Release	To lease again; to grant a new lease of; to let back.
Released	of Release
Releasing	of Release
Release	To let loose again; to set free from restraint, confinement, or servitude; to give liberty to, or to set at liberty; to let go.
Release	To relieve from something that confines, burdens, or oppresses, as from pain, trouble, obligation, penalty.
Release	To let go, as a legal claim; to discharge or relinquish a right to, as lands or tenements, by conveying to another who has some right or estate in possession, as when the person in remainder releases his right to the tenant in possession; to quit.
Release	To loosen; to relax; to remove the obligation of; as, to release an ordinance.
Release	The act of letting loose or freeing, or the state of being let loose or freed; liberation or discharge from restraint of any kind, as from confinement or bondage.
Release	Relief from care, pain, or any burden.
Release	Discharge from obligation or responsibility, as from debt, penalty, or claim of any kind; acquittance.
Release	A giving up or relinquishment of some right or claim; a conveyance of a man's right in lands or tenements to another who has some estate in possession; a quitclaim.
Release	The act of opening the exhaust port to allow the steam to escape.
Releasee	One to whom a release is given.
Releasement	The act of releasing, as from confinement or obligation.
Releaser	One who releases, or sets free.
Releasor	One by whom a release is given.
Relegated	of Relegate
Relegating	of Relegate
Relegate	To remove, usually to an inferior position; to consign; to transfer; specifically, to send into exile; to banish.
Relegation	The act of relegating, or the state of being relegated; removal; banishment; exile.
Relented	of Relent
Relenting	of Relent
Relent	To become less rigid or hard; to yield; to dissolve; to melt; to deliquesce.
Relent	To become less severe or intense; to become less hard, harsh, cruel, or the like; to soften in temper; to become more mild and tender; to feel compassion.
Relent	To slacken; to abate.
Relent	To soften; to dissolve.
Relent	To mollify ; to cause to be less harsh or severe.
Relent	Stay; stop; delay.
Relentless	Unmoved by appeals for sympathy or forgiveness; insensible to the distresses of others; destitute of tenderness; unrelenting; unyielding; unpitying; as, a prey to relentless despotism.
Relentment	The act or process of relenting; the state of having relented.
Relesse	To release.
Relessee	See Releasee.
Relessor	See Releasor.
Re-let	To let anew, as a house.
Relevance	Alt. of Relevancy
Relevancy	The quality or state of being relevant; pertinency; applicability.
Relevancy	Sufficiency to infer the conclusion.
Relevant	Relieving; lending aid or support.
Relevant	Bearing upon, or properly applying to, the case in hand; pertinent; applicable.
Relevant	Sufficient to support the cause.
Relevantly	In a relevant manner.
Relevation	A raising or lifting up.
Reliability	The state or quality of being reliable; reliableness.
Reliable	Suitable or fit to be relied on; worthy of dependance or reliance; trustworthy.
Reliance	The act of relying, or the condition or quality of being reliant; dependence; confidence; trust; repose of mind upon what is deemed sufficient support or authority.
Reliance	Anything on which to rely; dependence; ground of trust; as, the boat was a poor reliance.
Reliant	Having, or characterized by, reliance; confident; trusting.
Relic	That which remains; that which is left after loss or decay; a remaining portion; a remnant.
Relic	The body from which the soul has departed; a corpse; especially, the body, or some part of the body, of a deceased saint or martyr; -- usually in the plural when referring to the whole body.
Relic	Hence, a memorial; anything preserved in remembrance; as, relics of youthful days or friendships.
Relicly	In the manner of relics.
Relict	A woman whose husband is dead; a widow.
Relicted	Left uncovered, as land by recession of water.
Reliction	A leaving dry; a recession of the sea or other water, leaving dry land; land left uncovered by such recession.
Relief	The act of relieving, or the state of being relieved; the removal, or partial removal, of any evil, or of anything oppressive or burdensome, by which some ease is obtained; succor; alleviation; comfort; ease; redress.
Relief	Release from a post, or from the performance of duty, by the intervention of others, by discharge, or by relay; as, a relief of a sentry.
Relief	That which removes or lessens evil, pain, discomfort, uneasiness, etc.; that which gives succor, aid, or comfort; also, the person who relieves from performance of duty by taking the place of another; a relay.
Relief	A fine or composition which the heir of a deceased tenant paid to the lord for the privilege of taking up the estate, which, on strict feudal principles, had lapsed or fallen to the lord on the death of the tenant.
Relief	The projection of a figure above the ground or plane on which it is formed.
Relief	The appearance of projection given by shading, shadow, etc., to any figure.
Relief	The height to which works are raised above the bottom of the ditch.
Relief	The elevations and surface undulations of a country.
Reliefful	Giving relief.
Reliefless	Destitute of relief; also, remediless.
Relier	One who relies.
Relievable	Capable of being relieved; fitted to recieve relief.
Relieved	of Relieve
Relieving	of Relieve
Relieve	To lift up; to raise again, as one who has fallen; to cause to rise.
Relieve	To cause to seem to rise; to put in relief; to give prominence or conspicuousness to; to set off by contrast.
Relieve	To raise up something in; to introduce a contrast or variety into; to remove the monotony or sameness of.
Relieve	To raise or remove, as anything which depresses, weighs down, or crushes; to render less burdensome or afflicting; to alleviate; to abate; to mitigate; to lessen; as, to relieve pain; to relieve the wants of the poor.
Relieve	To free, wholly or partly, from any burden, trial, evil, distress, or the like; to give ease, comfort, or consolation to; to give aid, help, or succor to; to support, strengthen, or deliver; as, to relieve a besieged town.
Relieve	To release from a post, station, or duty; to put another in place of, or to take the place of, in the bearing of any burden, or discharge of any duty.
Relieve	To ease of any imposition, burden, wrong, or oppression, by judicial or legislative interposition, as by the removal of a grievance, by indemnification for losses, or the like; to right.
Relievement	The act of relieving, or the state of being relieved; relief; release.
Reliever	One who, or that which, relieves.
Relieving	Serving or tending to relieve.
Relievo	See Relief, n., 5.
Relight	To light or kindle anew.
Religieuse	Alt. of Religieux
Religieux	A person bound by monastic vows; a nun; a monk.
Religion	The outward act or form by which men indicate their recognition of the existence of a god or of gods having power over their destiny, to whom obedience, service, and honor are due; the feeling or expression of human love, fear, or awe of some superhuman and overruling power, whether by profession of belief, by observance of rites and ceremonies, or by the conduct of life; a system of faith and worship; a manifestation of piety; as, ethical religions; monotheistic religions; natural religion; revealed religion; the religion of the Jews; the religion of idol worshipers.
Religion	Specifically, conformity in faith and life to the precepts inculcated in the Bible, respecting the conduct of life and duty toward God and man; the Christian faith and practice.
Religion	A monastic or religious order subject to a regulated mode of life; the religious state; as, to enter religion.
Religion	Strictness of fidelity in conforming to any practice, as if it were an enjoined rule of conduct.
Religionary	Relating to religion; pious; as, religionary professions.
Religionary	Alt. of Religioner
Religioner	A religionist.
Religionism	The practice of, or devotion to, religion.
Religionism	Affectation or pretense of religion.
Religionist	One earnestly devoted or attached to a religion; a religious zealot.
Religionize	To bring under the influence of religion.
Religionless	Destitute of religion.
Religiosity	The quality of being religious; religious feeling or sentiment; religiousness.
Religious	Of or pertaining to religion; concerned with religion; teaching, or setting forth, religion; set apart to religion; as, a religious society; a religious sect; a religious place; religious subjects, books, teachers, houses, wars.
Religious	Possessing, or conforming to, religion; pious; godly; as, a religious man, life, behavior, etc.
Religious	Scrupulously faithful or exact; strict.
Religious	Belonging to a religious order; bound by vows.
Religious	A person bound by monastic vows, or sequestered from secular concern, and devoted to a life of piety and religion; a monk or friar; a nun.
Religiously	In a religious manner.
Religiousness	The quality of being religious.
Relik	Relic.
Relinquent	Relinquishing.
Relinquent	One who relinquishes.
Relinquished	of Relinquish
Relinquishing	of Relinquish
Relinquish	To withdraw from; to leave behind; to desist from; to abandon; to quit; as, to relinquish a pursuit.
Relinquish	To give up; to renounce a claim to; resign; as, to relinquish a debt.
Relinquisher	One who relinquishes.
Relinquishment	The act of relinquishing.
-ries	of Reliquary
Reliquary	A depositary, often a small box or casket, in which relics are kept.
Relique	See Relic.
Reliquiae	Remains of the dead; organic remains; relics.
Reliquiae	Same as Induviae.
Reliquian	Of or pertaining to a relic or relics; of the nature of a relic.
Reliquidate	To liquidate anew; to adjust a second time.
Reliquidation	A second or renewed liquidation; a renewed adjustment.
Relished	of Relish
Relishing	of Relish
Relish	To taste or eat with pleasure; to like the flavor of; to partake of with gratification; hence, to enjoy; to be pleased with or gratified by; to experience pleasure from; as, to relish food.
Relish	To give a relish to; to cause to taste agreeably.
Relish	To have a pleasing or appetizing taste; to give gratification; to have a flavor.
Relish	A pleasing taste; flavor that gratifies the palate; hence, enjoyable quality; power of pleasing.
Relish	Savor; quality; characteristic tinge.
Relish	A taste for; liking; appetite; fondness.
Relish	That which is used to impart a flavor; specifically, something taken with food to render it more palatable or to stimulate the appetite; a condiment.
Relish	The projection or shoulder at the side of, or around, a tenon, on a tenoned piece.
Relishable	Capable of being relished; agreeable to the taste; gratifying.
Relive	To live again; to revive.
Relive	To recall to life; to revive.
Reload	To load again, as a gun.
Reloan	A second lending of the same thing; a renewal of a loan.
Relocate	To locate again.
Relocation	A second location.
Relocation	Renewal of a lease.
Relodge	To lodge again.
Relove	To love in return.
Relucent	Reflecting light; shining; glittering; glistening; bright; luminous; splendid.
Reluct	To strive or struggle against anything; to make resistance; to draw back; to feel or show repugnance or reluctance.
Reluctance	Alt. of Reluctancy
Reluctancy	The state or quality of being reluctant; repugnance; aversion of mind; unwillingness; -- often followed by an infinitive, or by to and a noun, formerly sometimes by against.
Reluctant	Striving against; opposed in desire; unwilling; disinclined; loth.
Reluctant	Proceeding from an unwilling mind; granted with reluctance; as, reluctant obedience.
Reluctantly	In a reluctant manner.
Reluctate	To struggle against anything; to resist; to oppose.
Reluctation	Repugnance; resistance; reluctance.
Relumed	of Relume
Reluming	of Relume
Relume	To rekindle; to light again.
Relumined	of Relumine
Relumining	of Relumine
Relumine	To light anew; to rekindle.
Relumine	To illuminate again.
Relied	of Rely
Relying	of Rely
Rely	To rest with confidence, as when fully satisfied of the veracity, integrity, or ability of persons, or of the certainty of facts or of evidence; to have confidence; to trust; to depend; -- with on, formerly also with in.
Remade	imp. & p. p. of Remake.
Remained	of Remain
Remaining	of Remain
Remain	To stay behind while others withdraw; to be left after others have been removed or destroyed; to be left after a number or quantity has been subtracted or cut off; to be left as not included or comprised.
Remain	To continue unchanged in place, form, or condition, or undiminished in quantity; to abide; to stay; to endure; to last.
Remain	To await; to be left to.
Remain	State of remaining; stay.
Remain	That which is left; relic; remainder; -- chiefly in the plural.
Remain	That which is left of a human being after the life is gone; relics; a dead body.
Remain	The posthumous works or productions, esp. literary works, of one who is dead; as, Cecil's
Remainder	Anything that remains, or is left, after the separation and removal of a part; residue; remnant.
Remainder	The quantity or sum that is left after subtraction, or after any deduction.
Remainder	An estate in expectancy, generally in land, which becomes an estate in possession upon the determination of a particular prior estate, created at the same time, and by the same instrument; for example, if land be conveyed to A for life, and on his death to B, A's life interest is a particuar estate, and B's interest is a remainder, or estate in remainder.
Remainder	Remaining; left; left over; refuse.
Remainder-men	of Remainder-man
Remainder-man	One who has an estate after a particular estate is determined. See Remainder, n., 3.
Remake	To make anew.
Remanded	of Remand
Remanding	of Remand
Remand	To recommit; to send back.
Remand	The act of remanding; the order for recommitment.
Remandment	A remand.
Remanence	Alt. of Remanency
Remanency	The state of being remanent; continuance; permanence.
Remanent	That which remains; a remnant; a residue.
Remanent	Remaining; residual.
Remanet	A case for trial which can not be tried during the term; a postponed case.
Re-mark	To mark again, or a second time; to mark anew.
Remarked	of Remark
Remarking	of Remark
Remark	To mark in a notable manner; to distinquish clearly; to make noticeable or conspicuous; to piont out.
Remark	To take notice of, or to observe, mentally; as, to remark the manner of a speaker.
Remark	To express in words or writing, as observed or noticed; to state; to say; -- often with a substantive clause; as, he remarked that it was time to go.
Remark	To make a remark or remarks; to comment.
Remark	Act of remarking or attentively noticing; notice or observation.
Remark	The expression, in speech or writing, of something remarked or noticed; the mention of that which is worthy of attention or notice; hence, also, a casual observation, comment, or statement; as, a pertinent remark.
Remarkable	Worthy of being remarked or noticed; noticeable; conspicuous; hence, uncommon; extraordinary.
Remarker	One who remarks.
Remarriage	A second or repeated marriage.
Remarry	To marry again.
Remast	To furnish with a new mast or set of masts.
Remasticate	To chew or masticate again; to chew over and over, as the cud.
Remastication	The act of masticating or chewing again or repeatedly.
Remberge	See Ramberge.
Remblai	Earth or materials made into a bank after having been excavated.
Remble	To remove.
Reme	Realm.
Remean	To give meaning to; to explain the meaning of; to interpret.
Remeant	Coming back; returning.
Remeasure	To measure again; to retrace.
Remede	Remedy.
Remediable	Capable of being remedied or cured.
Remedial	Affording a remedy; intended for a remedy, or for the removal or abatement of an evil; as, remedial treatment.
Remedially	In a remedial manner.
Remediate	Remedial.
Remediless	Not admitting of a remedy; incapable of being restored or corrected; incurable; irreparable; as, a remediless mistake or loss.
Remediless	Not answering as a remedy; ineffectual.
Remedies	of Remedy
Remedy	That which relieves or cures a disease; any medicine or application which puts an end to disease and restores health; -- with for; as, a remedy for the gout.
Remedy	That which corrects or counteracts an evil of any kind; a corrective; a counteractive; reparation; cure; -- followed by for or against, formerly by to.
Remedy	The legal means to recover a right, or to obtain redress for a wrong.
Remedied	of Remedy
Remedying	of Remedy
Remedy	To apply a remedy to; to relieve; to cure; to heal; to repair; to redress; to correct; to counteract.
Remelt	To melt again.
Remembered	of Remember
Remembering	of Remember
Remember	To have ( a notion or idea) come into the mind again, as previously perceived, known, or felt; to have a renewed apprehension of; to bring to mind again; to think of again; to recollect; as, I remember the fact; he remembers the events of his childhood; I cannot remember dates.
Remember	To be capable of recalling when required; to keep in mind; to be continually aware or thoughtful of; to preserve fresh in the memory; to attend to; to think of with gratitude, affection, respect, or any other emotion.
Remember	To put in mind; to remind; -- also used reflexively and impersonally.
Remember	To mention.
Remember	To recall to the mind of another, as in the friendly messages, remember me to him, he wishes to be remembered to you, etc.
Remember	To execise or have the power of memory; as, some remember better than others.
Rememberable	Capable or worthy of being remembered.
Rememberer	One who remembers.
Remembrance	The act of remembering; a holding in mind, or bringing to mind; recollection.
Remembrance	The state of being remembered, or held in mind; memory; recollection.
Remembrance	Something remembered; a person or thing kept in memory.
Remembrance	That which serves to keep in or bring to mind; a memorial; a token; a memento; a souvenir; a memorandum or note of something to be remembered.
Remembrance	Something to be remembered; counsel; admoni//on; instruction.
Remembrance	Power of remembering; reach of personal knowledge; period over which one's memory extends.
Remembrancer	One who, or that which, serves to bring to, or keep in, mind; a memento; a memorial; a reminder.
Remembrancer	A term applied in England to several officers, having various functions, their duty originally being to bring certain matters to the attention of the proper persons at the proper time.
Rememorate	To recall something by means of memory; to remember.
Rememoration	A recalling by the faculty of memory; remembrance.
Rememorative	Tending or serving to remind.
Remenant	A remnant.
Remercie	Alt. of Remercy
Remercy	To thank.
Remerge	To merge again.
Remeve	Alt. of Remewe
Remewe	To remove.
Remiform	Shaped like an oar.
Remiges	The quill feathers of the wings of a bird.
Remigrate	To migrate again; to go back; to return.
Remigration	Migration back to the place from which one came.
Remind	To put (one) in mind of something; to bring to the remembrance of; to bring to the notice or consideration of (a person).
Reminder	One who, or that which, reminds; that which serves to awaken remembrance.
Remindful	Tending or adapted to remind; careful to remind.
Reminiscence	The act or power of recalling past experience; the state of being reminiscent; remembrance; memory.
Reminiscence	That which is remembered, or recalled to mind; a statement or narration of remembered experience; a recollection; as, pleasing or painful reminiscences.
Reminiscency	Reminiscence.
Reminiscent	Recalling to mind, or capable of recalling to mind; having remembrance; reminding one of something.
Reminiscent	One who is addicted to indulging, narrating, or recording reminiscences.
Reminiscential	Of or pertaining to reminiscence, or remembrance.
Remiped	Having feet or legs that are used as oars; -- said of certain crustaceans and insects.
Remiped	An animal having limbs like oars, especially one of certain crustaceans.
Remiped	One of a group of aquatic beetles having tarsi adapted for swimming. See Water beetle.
Remised	of Remise
Remising	of Remise
Remise	To send, give, or grant back; to release a claim to; to resign or surrender by deed; to return.
Remise	A giving or granting back; surrender; return; release, as of a claim.
Remiss	Not energetic or exact in duty or business; not careful or prompt in fulfilling engagements; negligent; careless; tardy; behindhand; lagging; slack; hence, lacking earnestness or activity; languid; slow.
Remiss	The act of being remiss; inefficiency; failure.
Remissful	Inclined to remit punishment; lenient; clement.
Remissibility	The state or quality of being remissible.
Remissible	Capable of being remitted or forgiven.
Remission	The act of remitting, surrendering, resigning, or giving up.
Remission	Discharge from that which is due; relinquishment of a claim, right, or obligation; pardon of transgression; release from forfeiture, penalty, debt, etc.
Remission	Diminution of intensity; abatement; relaxation.
Remission	A temporary and incomplete subsidence of the force or violence of a disease or of pain, as destinguished from intermission, in which the disease completely leaves the patient for a time; abatement.
Remission	The act of sending back.
Remission	Act of sending in payment, as money; remittance.
Remissive	Remitting; forgiving; abating.
Remissly	In a remiss or negligent manner; carelessly.
Remissness	Quality or state of being remiss.
Remissory	Serving or tending to remit, or to secure remission; remissive.
Remitted	of Remit
Remitting	of Remit
Remit	To send back; to give up; to surrender; to resign.
Remit	To restore.
Remit	To transmit or send, esp. to a distance, as money in payment of a demand, account, draft, etc.; as, he remitted the amount by mail.
Remit	To send off or away; hence: (a) To refer or direct (one) for information, guidance, help, etc. "Remitting them . . . to the works of Galen." Sir T. Elyot. (b) To submit, refer, or leave (something) for judgment or decision.
Remit	To relax in intensity; to make less violent; to abate.
Remit	To forgive; to pardon; to remove.
Remit	To refrain from exacting or enforcing; as, to remit the performance of an obligation.
Remit	To abate in force or in violence; to grow less intense; to become moderated; to abate; to relax; as, a fever remits; the severity of the weather remits.
Remit	To send money, as in payment.
Remitment	The act of remitting, or the state of being remitted; remission.
Remittal	A remitting; a giving up; surrender; as, the remittal of the first fruits.
Remittance	The act of transmitting money, bills, or the like, esp. to a distant place, as in satisfaction of a demand, or in discharge of an obligation.
Remittance	The sum or thing remitted.
Remittee	One to whom a remittance is sent.
Remittent	Remitting; characterized by remission; having remissions.
Remitter	One who remits.
Remitter	One who pardons.
Remitter	One who makes remittance.
Remitter	The sending or placing back of a person to a title or right he had before; the restitution of one who obtains possession of property under a defective title, to his rights under some valid title by virtue of which he might legally have entered into possession only by suit.
Remittitur	A remission or surrender, -- remittitur damnut being a remission of excess of damages.
Remittitur	A sending back, as when a record is remitted by a superior to an inferior court.
Remittor	One who makes a remittance; a remitter.
Remix	To mix again or repeatedly.
Remnant	Remaining; yet left.
Remnant	That which remains after a part is removed, destroyed, used up, performed, etc.; residue.
Remnant	A small portion; a slight trace; a fragment; a little bit; a scrap.
Remnant	An unsold end of piece goods, as cloth, ribbons, carpets, etc.
Remodel	To model or fashion anew; to change the form of.
Remodification	The act of remodifying; the state of being remodified.
Remodify	To modify again or anew; to reshape.
Remolade	Alt. of Remoulad
Remoulad	A kind of piquant sauce or salad dressing resembling mayonnaise.
Remold	Alt. of Remould
Remould	To mold or shape anew or again; to reshape.
Remollient	Mollifying; softening.
Remonetization	The act of remonetizing.
Remonetize	To restore to use as money; as, to remonetize silver.
Remonstrance	The act of remonstrating
Remonstrance	A pointing out; manifestation; proof; demonstration.
Remonstrance	Earnest presentation of reason in opposition to something; protest; expostulation.
Remonstrance	Same as Monstrance.
Remonstrant	Inclined or tending to remonstrate; expostulatory; urging reasons in opposition to something.
Remonstrant	One who remonstrates
Remonstrant	one of the Arminians who remonstrated against the attacks of the Calvinists in 1610, but were subsequently condemned by the decisions of the Synod of Dort in 1618. See Arminian.
Remonstrantly	In a remonstrant manner.
Remonstrated	of Remonstrate
Remonstrating	of Remonstrate
Remonstrate	To point out; to show clearly; to make plain or manifest; hence, to prove; to demonstrate.
Remonstrate	To present and urge reasons in opposition to an act, measure, or any course of proceedings; to expostulate; as, to remonstrate with a person regarding his habits; to remonstrate against proposed taxation.
Remonstration	The act of remonstrating; remonstrance.
Remonstrative	Having the character of a remonstrance; expressing remonstrance.
Remonstrator	One who remonstrates; a remonsrant.
Remontant	Rising again; -- applied to a class of roses which bloom more than once in a season; the hybrid perpetual roses, of which the Jacqueminot is a well-known example.
Remontoir	See under Escapement.
Remora	Delay; obstacle; hindrance.
Remora	Any one of several species of fishes belonging to Echeneis, Remora, and allied genera.  Called also sucking fish.
Remora	An instrument formerly in use, intended to retain parts in their places.
Remorate	To hinder; to delay.
Remord	To excite to remorse; to rebuke.
Remord	To feel remorse.
Remordency	Remorse; compunction; compassion.
Remorse	The anguish, like gnawing pain, excited by a sense of guilt; compunction of conscience for a crime committed, or for the sins of one's past life.
Remorse	Sympathetic sorrow; pity; compassion.
Remorsed	Feeling remorse.
Remorseful	Full of remorse.
Remorseful	Compassionate; feeling tenderly.
Remorseful	Exciting pity; pitiable.
Remorseless	Being without remorse; having no pity; hence, destitute of sensibility; cruel; insensible to distress; merciless.
Remote	Removed to a distance; not near; far away; distant; -- said in respect to time or to place; as, remote ages; remote lands.
Remote	Hence, removed; not agreeing, according, or being related; -- in various figurative uses.
Remote	Not agreeing; alien; foreign.
Remote	Not nearly related; not close; as, a remote connection or consanguinity.
Remote	Separate; abstracted.
Remote	Not proximate or acting directly; primary; distant.
Remote	Not obvious or sriking; as, a remote resemblance.
Remote	Separated by intervals greater than usual.
Remotion	The act of removing; removal.
Remotion	The state of being remote; remoteness.
Remould	See Remold.
Remount	To mount again.
Remount	The opportunity of, or things necessary for, remounting; specifically, a fresh horse, with his equipments; as, to give one a remount.
Removable	Admitting of being removed.
Removal	The act of removing, or the state of being removed.
Removed	of Remove
Removing	of Remove
Remove	To move away from the position occupied; to cause to change place; to displace; as, to remove a building.
Remove	To cause to leave a person or thing; to cause to cease to be; to take away; hence, to banish; to destroy; to put an end to; to kill; as, to remove a disease.
Remove	To dismiss or discharge from office; as, the President removed many postmasters.
Remove	To change place in any manner, or to make a change in place; to move or go from one residence, position, or place to another.
Remove	The act of removing; a removal.
Remove	The transfer of one's business, or of one's domestic belongings, from one location or dwelling house to another; -- in the United States usually called a move.
Remove	The state of being removed.
Remove	That which is removed, as a dish removed from table to make room for something else.
Remove	The distance or space through which anything is removed; interval; distance; stage; hence, a step or degree in any scale of gradation; specifically, a division in an English public school; as, the boy went up two removes last year.
Remove	The act of resetting a horse's shoe.
Removed	Changed in place.
Removed	Dismissed from office.
Removed	Distant in location; remote.
Removed	Distant by degrees in relationship; as, a cousin once removed.
Remover	One who removes; as, a remover of landmarks.
Remuable	That may be removed; removable.
Remue	To remove.
Remugient	Rebellowing.
Remunerable	Admitting, or worthy, of remuneration.
Remunerated	of Remunerate
Remunerating	of Remunerate
Remunerate	To pay an equivalent to for any service, loss, expense, or other sacrifice; to recompense; to requite; as, to remunerate men for labor.
Remuneration	The act of remunerating.
Remuneration	That which is given to remunerate; an equivalent given, as for services, loss, or sufferings.
Remunerative	Affording remuneration; as, a remunerative payment for services; a remunerative business.
Remuneratory	Remunerative.
Remurmur	To murmur again; to utter back, or reply, in murmurs.
Ren	See Renne.
Ren	A run.
Renable	Reasonable; also, loquacious.
Renaissance	A new birth, or revival.
Renaissance	The transitional movement in Europe, marked by the revival of classical learning and art in Italy in the 15th century, and the similar revival following in other countries.
Renaissance	The style of art which prevailed at this epoch.
Renaissant	Of or pertaining to the Renaissance.
Renal	Of or pertaining to the kidneys; in the region of the kidneys.
Renal-portal	Both renal and portal. See Portal.
Rename	To give a new name to.
Renard	A fox; -- so called in fables or familiar tales, and in poetry.
Renardine	Of or pertaining to Renard, the fox, or the tales in which Renard is mentioned.
Renascence	The state of being renascent.
Renascence	Same as Renaissance.
Renascency	State of being renascent.
Renascent	Springing or rising again into being; being born again, or reproduced.
Renascent	See Renaissant.
Renascible	Capable of being reproduced; ablle to spring again into being.
Renate	Born again; regenerate; renewed.
Renavigate	To navigate again.
Renay	To deny; to disown.
Rencontre	Same as Rencounter, n.
Rencountered	of Rencounter
Rencountering	of Rencounter
Rencounter	To meet unexpectedly; to encounter.
Rencounter	To attack hand to hand.
Rencounter	To meet unexpectedly; to encounter in a hostile manner; to come in collision; to skirmish.
Rencounter	A meeting of two persons or bodies; a collision; especially, a meeting in opposition or contest; a combat, action, or engagement.
Rencounter	A causal combat or action; a sudden contest or fight without premeditation, as between individuals or small parties.
Rent	of Rend
Rending	of Rend
Rend	To separate into parts with force or sudden violence; to tear asunder; to split; to burst; as, powder rends a rock in blasting; lightning rends an oak.
Rend	To part or tear off forcibly; to take away by force.
Rend	To be rent or torn; to become parted; to separate; to split.
Render	One who rends.
Rendered	of Render
Rendering	of Render
Render	To return; to pay back; to restore.
Render	To inflict, as a retribution; to requite.
Render	To give up; to yield; to surrender.
Render	Hence, to furnish; to contribute.
Render	To furnish; to state; to deliver; as, to render an account; to render judgment.
Render	To cause to be, or to become; as, to render a person more safe or more unsafe; to render a fortress secure.
Render	To translate from one language into another; as, to render Latin into English.
Render	To interpret; to set forth, represent, or exhibit; as, an actor renders his part poorly; a singer renders a passage of music with great effect; a painter renders a scene in a felicitous manner.
Render	To try out or extract (oil, lard, tallow, etc.) from fatty animal substances; as, to render tallow.
Render	To plaster, as a wall of masonry, without the use of lath.
Render	To give an account; to make explanation or confession.
Render	To pass; to run; -- said of the passage of a rope through a block, eyelet, etc.; as, a rope renders well, that is, passes freely; also, to yield or give way.
Render	A surrender.
Render	A return; a payment of rent.
Render	An account given; a statement.
Renderable	Capable of being rendered.
Renderer	One who renders.
Renderer	A vessel in which lard or tallow, etc., is rendered.
Rendering	The act of one who renders, or that which is rendered.
Rendering	A version; translation; as, the rendering of the Hebrew text.
Rendering	In art, the presentation, expression, or interpretation of an idea, theme, or part.
Rendering	The act of laying the first coat of plaster on brickwork or stonework.
Rendering	The coat of plaster thus laid on.
Rendering	The process of trying out or extracting lard, tallow, etc., from animal fat.
Rendezvouses	of Rendezvous
Rendezvous	A place appointed for a meeting, or at which persons customarily meet.
Rendezvous	Especially, the appointed place for troops, or for the ships of a fleet, to assemble; also, a place for enlistment.
Rendezvous	A meeting by appointment.
Rendezvous	Retreat; refuge.
Rendezvoused	of Rendezvous
Rendezvousing	of Rendezvous
Rendezvous	To assemble or meet at a particular place.
Rendezvous	To bring together at a certain place; to cause to be assembled.
Rendible	Capable of being rent or torn.
Rendible	Capable, or admitting, of being rendered.
Rendition	The act of rendering; especially, the act of surrender, as of fugitives from justice, at the claim of a foreign government; also, surrender in war.
Rendition	Translation; rendering; version.
Rendrock	A kind of dynamite used in blasting.
Renegade	One faithless to principle or party.
Renegade	An apostate from Christianity or from any form of religious faith.
Renegade	One who deserts from a military or naval post; a deserter.
Renegade	A common vagabond; a worthless or wicked fellow.
Renegado	See Renegade.
Renegat	A renegade.
Renegation	A denial.
Renege	To deny; to disown.
Renege	To deny.
Renege	To revoke.
Renerve	To nerve again; to give new vigor to; to reinvigorate.
Reneved	of Renew
Renewing	of Renew
Renew	To make new again; to restore to freshness, perfection, or vigor; to give new life to; to rejuvenate; to re/stablish; to recreate; to rebuild.
Renew	Specifically, to substitute for (an old obligation or right) a new one of the same nature; to continue in force; to make again; as, to renew a lease, note, or patent.
Renew	To begin again; to recommence.
Renew	To repeat; to go over again.
Renew	To make new spiritually; to regenerate.
Renew	To become new, or as new; to grow or begin again.
Renewability	The quality or state of being renewable.
Renewable	Capable of being renewed; as, a lease renewable at pleasure.
Renewal	The act of renewing, or the state of being renewed; as, the renewal of a treaty.
Renewedly	Again; once more.
Renewedness	The state of being renewed.
Renewer	One who, or that which, renews.
Reneye	To deny; to reject; to renounce.
Reng	A rank; a row.
Reng	A rung or round of a ladder.
Renidification	The act of rebuilding a nest.
Reniform	Having the form or shape of a kidney; as, a reniform mineral; a reniform leaf.
Renitence	Alt. of Renitency
Renitency	The state or quality of being renitent; resistance; reluctance.
Renitent	Resisting pressure or the effect of it; acting against impulse by elastic force.
Renitent	Persistently opposed.
Renne	To plunder; -- only in the phrase "to rape and renne." See under Rap, v. t., to snatch.
Renne	To run.
Renner	A runner.
Rennet	A name of many different kinds of apples.  Cf. Reinette.
Rennet	The inner, or mucous, membrane of the fourth stomach of the calf, or other young ruminant; also, an infusion or preparation of it, used for coagulating milk.
Renneted	Provided or treated with rennet.
Renneting	Same as 1st Rennet.
Rennin	A milk-clotting enzyme obtained from the true stomach (abomasum) of a suckling calf.  Mol. wt. about 31,000.  Also called chymosin, rennase, and abomasal enzyme.
Renning	See 2d Rennet.
Renomee	Renown.
Renounced	of Renounce
Renouncing	of Renounce
Renounce	To declare against; to reject or decline formally; to refuse to own or acknowledge as belonging to one; to disclaim; as, to renounce a title to land or to a throne.
Renounce	To cast off or reject deliberately; to disown; to dismiss; to forswear.
Renounce	To disclaim having a card of (the suit led) by playing a card of another suit.
Renounce	To make renunciation.
Renounce	To decline formally, as an executor or a person entitled to letters of administration, to take out probate or letters.
Renounce	Act of renouncing.
Renouncement	The act of disclaiming or rejecting; renunciation.
Renouncer	One who renounces.
Renovate	To make over again; to restore to freshness or vigor; to renew.
Renovation	The act or process of renovating; the state of being renovated or renewed.
Renovator	One who, or that which, renovates.
Renovel	To renew; to renovate.
Renovelance	Renewal.
Renowme	Renown.
Renowmed	Renowned.
Renown	The state of being much known and talked of; exalted reputation derived from the extensive praise of great achievements or accomplishments; fame; celebrity; -- always in a good sense.
Renown	Report of nobleness or exploits; praise.
Renown	To make famous; to give renown to.
Renowned	Famous; celebrated for great achievements, for distinguished qualities, or for grandeur; eminent; as, a renowned king.
Renownedly	With renown.
Renowner	One who gives renown.
Renownful	Having great renown; famous.
Renownless	Without renown; inglorius.
Rensselaerite	A soft, compact variety of talc,, being an altered pyroxene. It is often worked in a lathe into inkstands and other articles.
Rent	To rant.
Rent	imp. & p. p. of Rend.
Rent	An opening made by rending; a break or breach made by force; a tear.
Rent	Figuratively, a schism; a rupture of harmony; a separation; as, a rent in the church.
Rent	To tear. See Rend.
Rent	Income; revenue. See Catel.
Rent	Pay; reward; share; toll.
Rent	A certain periodical profit, whether in money, provisions, chattels, or labor, issuing out of lands and tenements in payment for the use; commonly, a certain pecuniary sum agreed upon between a tenant and his landlord, paid at fixed intervals by the lessee to the lessor, for the use of land or its appendages; as, rent for a farm, a house, a park, etc.
Rented	of Rent
Renting	of Rent
Rent	To grant the possession and enjoyment of, for a rent; to lease; as, the owwner of an estate or house rents it.
Rent	To take and hold under an agreement to pay rent; as, the tennant rents an estate of the owner.
Rent	To be leased, or let for rent; as, an estate rents for five hundred dollars a year.
Rentable	Capable of being rented, or suitable for renting.
Rentage	Rent.
Rental	A schedule, account, or list of rents, with the names of the tenants, etc.; a rent roll.
Rental	A sum total of rents; as, an estate that yields a rental of ten thousand dollars a year.
Rente	In France, interest payable by government on indebtedness; the bonds, shares, stocks, etc., which represent government indebtedness.
Renter	One who rents or leases an estate; -- usually said of a lessee or tenant.
Rentered	of Renter
Rentering	of Renter
Renter	To sew together so that the seam is scarcely visible; to sew up with skill and nicety; to finedraw.
Renter	To restore the original design of, by working in new warp; -- said with reference to tapestry.
Renterer	One who renters.
Rentier	One who has a fixed income, as from lands, stocks, or the like.
Renumerate	To recount.
Renunciation	The act of renouncing.
Renunciation	Formal declination to take out letters of administration, or to assume an office, privilege, or right.
Renunciatory	Pertaining to renunciation; containing or declaring a renunciation; as, renunciatory vows.
Renverse	To reverse.
Renverse	Alt. of Renverse
Renverse	Reversed; set with the head downward; turned contrary to the natural position.
Renversement	A reversing.
Renvoy	To send back.
Renvoy	A sending back.
Reobtain	To obtain again.
Reobtainable	That may be reobtained.
Reoccupy	To occupy again.
Reometer	Same as Rheometer.
Reopen	To open again.
Reoppose	To oppose again.
Reordain	To ordain again, as when the first ordination is considered defective.
Reorder	To order a second time.
Reordination	A second ordination.
Reorganization	The act of reorganizing; a reorganized existence; as, reorganization of the troops.
Reorganize	To organize again or anew; as, to reorganize a society or an army.
Reorient	Rising again.
Reostat	See Rheostat.
Reotrope	See Rheotrope.
Rep	A fabric made of silk or wool, or of silk and wool, and having a transversely corded or ribbed surface.
Rep	Formed with a surface closely corded, or ribbed transversely; -- applied to textile fabrics of silk or wool; as, rep silk.
Repace	To pace again; to walk over again in a contrary direction.
Repacify	To pacify again.
Repack	To pack a second time or anew; as, to repack beef; to repack a trunk.
Repacker	One who repacks.
Repaganize	To paganize anew; to bring back to paganism.
Repaid	imp. & p. p. of Repay.
Repaint	To paint anew or again; as, to repaint a house; to repaint the ground of a picture.
Repair	To return.
Repair	To go; to betake one's self; to resort; ass, to repair to sanctuary for safety.
Repair	The act of repairing or resorting to a place.
Repair	Place to which one repairs; a haunt; a resort.
Repaired	of Repair
Repairing	of Repair
Repair	To restore to a sound or good state after decay, injury, dilapidation, or partial destruction; to renew; to restore; to mend; as, to repair a house, a road, a shoe, or a ship; to repair a shattered fortune.
Repair	To make amends for, as for an injury, by an equivalent; to indemnify for; as, to repair a loss or damage.
Repair	Restoration to a sound or good state after decay, waste, injury, or partial restruction; supply of loss; reparation; as, materials are collected for the repair of a church or of a city.
Repair	Condition with respect to soundness, perfectness, etc.; as, a house in good, or bad, repair; the book is out of repair.
Repairable	Reparable.
Repairer	One who, or that which, repairs, restores, or makes amends.
Repairment	Act of repairing.
Repand	Having a slightly undulating margin; -- said of leaves.
Reparability	The quality or state of being reparable.
Reparable	Capable of being repaired, restored to a sound or good state, or made good; restorable; as, a reparable injury.
Reparably	In a reparable manner.
Reparation	The act of renewing, restoring, etc., or the state of being renewed or repaired; as, the reparation of a bridge or of a highway; -- in this sense, repair is oftener used.
Reparation	The act of making amends or giving satisfaction or compensation for a wrong, injury, etc.; also, the thing done or given; amends; satisfaction; indemnity.
Reparative	Repairing, or tending to repair.
Reparative	That which repairs.
Reparel	A change of apparel; a second or different suit.
Repartee	A smart, ready, and witty reply.
Reparteed	of Repartee
Reparteeing	of Repartee
Repartee	To make smart and witty replies.
Repartimiento	A partition or distribution, especially of slaves; also, an assessment of taxes.
Repartotion	Another, or an additional, separation into parts.
Repass	To pass again; to pass or travel over in the opposite direction; to pass a second time; as, to repass a bridge or a river; to repass the sea.
Repass	To pass or go back; to move back; as, troops passing and repassing before our eyes.
Repassage	The act of repassing; passage back.
Repassant	Counterpassant.
Repast	The act of taking food.
Repast	That which is taken as food; a meal; figuratively, any refreshment.
Repast	To supply food to; to feast; to take food.
Repaster	One who takes a repast.
Repasture	Food; entertainment.
Repatriate	To restore to one's own country.
Repatriation	Restoration to one's country.
Repaid	of Repay
Repaying	of Repay
Repay	To pay back; to refund; as, to repay money borrowed or advanced.
Repay	To make return or requital for; to recompense; -- in a good or bad sense; as, to repay kindness; to repay an injury.
Repay	To pay anew, or a second time, as a debt.
Repayable	Capable of being, or proper to be , repaid; due; as, a loan repayable in ten days; services repayable in kind.
Repayment	The act of repaying; reimbursement.
Repayment	The money or other thing repaid.
Repealed	of Repeal
Repealing	of Repeal
Repeal	To recall; to summon again, as persons.
Repeal	To recall, as a deed, will, law, or statute; to revoke; to rescind or abrogate by authority, as by act of the legislature; as, to repeal a law.
Repeal	To suppress; to repel.
Repeal	Recall, as from exile.
Repeal	Revocation; abrogation; as, the repeal of a statute; the repeal of a law or a usage.
Repealability	The quality or state of being repealable.
Repealable	Capable of being repealed.
Repealer	One who repeals; one who seeks a repeal; specifically, an advocate for the repeal of the Articles of Union between Great Britain and Ireland.
Repealment	Recall, as from banishment.
Repeated	of Repeat
Repeating	of Repeat
Repeat	To go over again; to attempt, do, make, or utter again; to iterate; to recite; as, to repeat an effort, an order, or a poem.
Repeat	To make trial of again; to undergo or encounter again.
Repeat	To repay or refund (an excess received).
Repeat	The act of repeating; repetition.
Repeat	That which is repeated; as, the repeat of a pattern; that is, the repetition of the engraved figure on a roller by which an impression is produced (as in calico printing, etc.).
Repeat	A mark, or series of dots, placed before and after, or often only at the end of, a passage to be repeated in performance.
Repeatedly	More than once; again and again; indefinitely.
Repeater	One who, or that which, repeats.
Repeater	A watch with a striking apparatus which, upon pressure of a spring, will indicate the time, usually in hours and quarters.
Repeater	A repeating firearm.
Repeater	An instrument for resending a telegraphic message automatically at an intermediate point.
Repeater	A person who votes more than once at an election.
Repeater	See Circulating decimal, under Decimal.
Repeater	A pennant used to indicate that a certain flag in a hoist of signal is duplicated.
Repeating	Doing the same thing over again; accomplishing a given result many times in succession; as, a repeating firearm; a repeating watch.
Repedation	A stepping or going back.
Repelled	of Repel
Repelling	of Repel
Repel	To drive back; to force to return; to check the advance of; to repulse as, to repel an enemy or an assailant.
Repel	To resist or oppose effectually; as, to repel an assault, an encroachment, or an argument.
Repel	To act with force in opposition to force impressed; to exercise repulsion.
Repellence	Alt. of Repellency
Repellency	The principle of repulsion; the quality or capacity of repelling; repulsion.
Repellent	Driving back; able or tending to repel.
Repellent	That which repels.
Repellent	A remedy to repel from a tumefied part the fluids which render it tumid.
Repellent	A kind of waterproof cloth.
Repeller	One who, or that which, repels.
Repent	Prostrate and rooting; -- said of stems.
Repent	Same as Reptant.
Repented	of Repent
Repenting	of Repent
Repent	To feel pain, sorrow, or regret, for what one has done or omitted to do.
Repent	To change the mind, or the course of conduct, on account of regret or dissatisfaction.
Repent	To be sorry for sin as morally evil, and to seek forgiveness; to cease to love and practice sin.
Repent	To feel pain on account of; to remember with sorrow.
Repent	To feel regret or sorrow; -- used reflexively.
Repent	To cause to have sorrow or regret; -- used impersonally.
Repentance	The act of repenting, or the state of being penitent; sorrow for what one has done or omitted to do; especially, contrition for sin.
Repentant	Penitent; sorry for sin.
Repentant	Expressing or showing sorrow for sin; as, repentant tears; repentant ashes.
Repentant	One who repents, especially one who repents of sin; a penitent.
Repentantly	In a repentant manner.
Repenter	One who repents.
Repentingly	With repentance; penitently.
Repentless	Unrepentant.
Repeople	To people anew.
Reperception	The act of perceiving again; a repeated perception of the same object.
Repercussed	of Repercuss
Repercussing	of Repercuss
Repercuss	To drive or beat back; hence, to reflect; to reverberate.
Repercussion	The act of driving back, or the state of being driven back; reflection; reverberation; as, the repercussion of sound.
Repercussion	Rapid reiteration of the same sound.
Repercussion	The subsidence of a tumor or eruption by the action of a repellent.
Repercussion	In a vaginal examination, the act of imparting through the uterine wall with the finger a shock to the fetus, so that it bounds upward, and falls back again against the examining finger.
Repercussive	Tending or able to repercuss; having the power of sending back; causing to reverberate.
Repercussive	Repellent.
Repercussive	Driven back; rebounding; reverberated.
Repercussive	A repellent.
Repertitious	Found; gained by finding.
Repertoire	A list of dramas, operas, pieces, parts, etc., which a company or a person has rehearsed and is prepared to perform.
Repertory	A place in which things are disposed in an orderly manner, so that they can be easily found, as the index of a book, a commonplace book, or the like.
Repertory	A treasury; a magazine; a storehouse.
Repertory	Same as Repertoire.
Reperusal	A second or repeated perusal.
Reperuse	To peruse again.
Repetend	That part of a circulating decimal which recurs continually, ad infinitum: -- sometimes indicated by a dot over the first and last figures; thus, in the circulating decimal .728328328 + (otherwise .7/8/), the repetend is 283.
Repetition	The act of repeating; a doing or saying again; iteration.
Repetition	Recital from memory; rehearsal.
Repetition	The act of repeating, singing, or playing, the same piece or part a second time; reiteration of a note.
Repetition	Reiteration, or repeating the same word, or the same sense in different words, for the purpose of making a deeper impression on the audience.
Repetition	The measurement of an angle by successive observations with a repeating instrument.
Repetitional	Alt. of Repetitionary
Repetitionary	Of the nature of, or containing, repetition.
Repetitioner	One who repeats.
Repetitious	Repeating; containing repetition.
Repetitive	Containing repetition; repeating.
Repetitor	A private instructor.
Repine	To fail; to wane.
Repine	To continue pining; to feel inward discontent which preys on the spirits; to indulge in envy or complaint; to murmur.
Repine	Vexation; mortification.
Repiner	One who repines.
Repiningly	With repening or murmuring.
Repkie	Any edible sea urchin.
Replace	To place again; to restore to a former place, position, condition, or the like.
Replace	To refund; to repay; to restore; as, to replace a sum of money borrowed.
Replace	To supply or substitute an equivalent for; as, to replace a lost document.
Replace	To take the place of; to supply the want of; to fulfull the end or office of.
Replace	To put in a new or different place.
Replaceability	The quality, state, or degree of being replaceable.
Replaceable	Capable or admitting of being put back into a place.
Replaceable	Admitting of having its place supplied by a like thing or an equivalent; as, the lost book is replaceable.
Replaceable	Capable of being replaced (by), or of being exchanged (for); as, the hydrogen of acids is replaceable by metals or by basic radicals.
Replacement	The act of replacing.
Replacement	The removal of an edge or an angle by one or more planes.
Replait	To plait or fold again; to fold, as one part over another, again and again.
Replant	To plant again.
Replantable	That may be planted again.
Replantation	The act of planting again; a replanting.
Replead	To plead again.
Repleader	A second pleading, or course of pleadings; also, the right of pleading again.
Replenished	of Replenish
Replenishing	of Replenish
Replenish	To fill again after having been diminished or emptied; to stock anew; hence, to fill completely; to cause to abound.
Replenish	To finish; to complete; to perfect.
Replenish	To recover former fullness.
Replenisher	One who replenishes.
Replenishment	The act of replenishing, or the state of being replenished.
Replenishment	That which replenishes; supply.
Replete	Filled again; completely filled; full; charged; abounding.
Replete	To fill completely, or to satiety.
Repleteness	The state of being replete.
Repletion	The state of being replete; superabundant fullness.
Repletion	Fullness of blood; plethora.
Repletive	Tending to make replete; filling.
Repletory	Repletive.
Repleviable	Capable of being replevied.
Replevin	A personal action which lies to recover possession of goods and chattle wrongfully taken or detained.  Originally, it was a remedy peculiar to cases for wrongful distress, but it may generally now be brought in all cases of wrongful taking or detention.
Replevin	The writ by which goods and chattels are replevied.
Replevin	To replevy.
Replevisable	Repleviable.
Replevied	of Replevy
Replevying	of Replevy
Replevy	To take or get back, by a writ for that purpose (goods and chattels wrongfully taken or detained), upon giving security to try the right to them in a suit at law, and, if that should be determined against the plaintiff, to return the property replevied.
Replevy	To bail.
Replevy	Replevin.
Replica	A copy of a work of art, as of a picture or statue, made by the maker of the original.
Replica	Repetition.
Replicant	One who replies.
Replicate	To reply.
Replicate	Alt. of Replicated
Replicated	Folded over or backward; folded back upon itself; as, a replicate leaf or petal; a replicate margin of a shell.
Replication	An answer; a reply.
Replication	The reply of the plaintiff, in matters of fact, to the defendant's plea.
Replication	Return or repercussion, as of sound; echo.
Replication	A repetition; a copy.
Replier	One who replies.
Replum	The framework of some pods, as the cress, which remains after the valves drop off.
Replied	of Reply
Replying	of Reply
Reply	To make a return in words or writing; to respond; to answer.
Reply	To answer a defendant's plea.
Reply	Figuratively, to do something in return for something done; as, to reply to a signal; to reply to the fire of a battery.
Reply	To return for an answer.
Replies	of Reply
Reply	That which is said, written, or done in answer to what is said, written, or done by another; an answer; a response.
Replyer	See Replier.
Repolish	To polish again.
Repone	To replace.
Repopulation	The act of repeopling; act of furnishing with a population anew.
Reported	of Report
Report	To refer.
Report	To bring back, as an answer; to announce in return; to relate, as what has been discovered by a person sent to examine, explore, or investigate; as, a messenger reports to his employer what he has seen or ascertained; the committee reported progress.
Report	To give an account of; to relate; to tell; to circulate publicly, as a story; as, in the common phrase, it is reported.
Report	To give an official account or statement of; as, a treasurer reports the receipts and expenditures.
Report	To return or repeat, as sound; to echo.
Report	To return or present as the result of an examination or consideration of any matter officially referred; as, the committee reported the bill witth amendments, or reported a new bill, or reported the results of an inquiry.
Report	To make minutes of, as a speech, or the doings of a public body; to write down from the lips of a speaker.
Report	To write an account of for publication, as in a newspaper; as, to report a public celebration or a horse race.
Report	To make a statement of the conduct of, especially in an unfavorable sense; as, to report a servant to his employer.
Report	To make a report, or response, in respect of a matter inquired of, a duty enjoined, or information expected; as, the committee will report at twelve o'clock.
Report	To furnish in writing an account of a speech, the proceedings at a meeting, the particulars of an occurrence, etc., for publication.
Report	To present one's self, as to a superior officer, or to one to whom service is due, and to be in readiness for orders or to do service; also, to give information, as of one's address, condition, etc.; as, the officer reported to the general for duty; to report weekly by letter.
Report	That which is reported.
Report	An account or statement of the results of examination or inquiry made by request or direction; relation.
Report	A story or statement circulating by common talk; a rumor; hence, fame; repute; reputation.
Report	Sound; noise; as, the report of a pistol or cannon.
Report	An official statement of facts, verbal or written; especially, a statement in writing of proceedings and facts exhibited by an officer to his superiors; as, the reports of the heads af departments to Congress, of a master in chancery to the court, of committees to a legislative body, and the like.
Report	An account or statement of a judicial opinion or decision, or of case argued and determined in a court of law, chancery, etc.; also, in the plural, the volumes containing such reports; as, Coke's Reports.
Report	A sketch, or a fully written account, of a speech, debate, or the proceedings of a public meeting, legislative body, etc.
Report	Rapport; relation; connection; reference.
Reportable	Capable or admitting of being reported.
Reportage	SAme as Report.
Reporter	One who reports.
Reporter	An officer or person who makes authorized statements of law proceedings and decisions, or of legislative debates.
Reporter	One who reports speeches, the proceedings of public meetings, news, etc., for the newspapers.
Reportingly	By report or common fame.
Reportorial	Of or pertaining to a reporter or reporters; as, the reportorial staff of a newspaper.
Reposal	The act or state of reposing; as, the reposal of a trust.
Reposal	That on which one reposes.
Reposance	Reliance.
Reposed	of Repose
Reposing	of Repose
Repose	To cause to stop or to rest after motion; hence, to deposit; to lay down; to lodge; to reposit.
Repose	To lay at rest; to cause to be calm or quiet; to compose; to rest, -- often reflexive; as, to repose one's self on a couch.
Repose	To place, have, or rest; to set; to intrust.
Repose	To lie at rest; to rest.
Repose	Figuratively, to remain or abide restfully without anxiety or alarms.
Repose	To lie; to be supported; as, trap reposing on sand.
Repose	A lying at rest; sleep; rest; quiet.
Repose	Rest of mind; tranquillity; freedom from uneasiness; also, a composed manner or deportment.
Repose	A rest; a pause.
Repose	That harmony or moderation which affords rest for the eye; -- opposed to the scattering and division of a subject into too many unconnected parts, and also to anything which is overstrained; as, a painting may want repose.
Reposed	Composed; calm; tranquil; at rest.
Reposeful	Full of repose; quiet.
Reposer	One who reposes.
Reposited	of Reposit
Repositing	of Reposit
Reposit	To cause to rest or stay; to lay away; to lodge, as for safety or preservation; to place; to store.
Reposition	The act of repositing; a laying up.
Repositor	An instrument employed for replacing a displaced organ or part.
Repository	A place where things are or may be reposited, or laid up, for safety or preservation; a depository.
Repossess	To possess again; as, to repossess the land.
Repossession	The act or the state of possessing again.
Reposure	Rest; quiet.
Repour	To pour again.
Repousse	Formed in relief, as a pattern on metal.
Repousse	Ornamented with patterns in relief made by pressing or hammering on the reverse side; -- said of thin metal, or of a vessel made of thin metal.
Repousse	Repousse work.
Reprefe	Reproof.
Reprehended	of Reprehend
Reprehending	of Reprehend
Reprehend	To reprove or reprimand with a view of restraining, checking, or preventing; to make charge of fault against; to disapprove of; to chide; to blame; to censure.
Reprehender	One who reprehends.
Reprehensible	Worthy of reprehension; culpable; censurable; blamable.
Reprehension	Reproof; censure; blame; disapproval.
Reprehensive	Containing reprehension; conveying reproof.
Reprehensory	Containing reproof; reprehensive; as, reprehensory complaint.
Re-present	To present again; as, to re-present the points of an argument.
Represent	To present again or anew; to present by means of something standing in the place of; to exhibit the counterpart or image of; to typify.
Represent	To portray by pictoral or plastic art; to delineate; as, to represent a landscape in a picture, a horse in bronze, and the like.
Represent	To portray by mimicry or action of any kind; to act the part or character of; to personate; as, to represent Hamlet.
Represent	To stand in the place of; to supply the place, perform the duties, exercise the rights, or receive the share, of; to speak and act with authority in behalf of; to act the part of (another); as, an heir represents his ancestor; an attorney represents his client in court; a member of Congress represents his district in Congress.
Represent	To exhibit to another mind in language; to show; to give one's own impressions and judgement of; to bring before the mind; to set forth; sometimes, to give an account of; to describe.
Represent	To serve as a sign or symbol of; as, mathematical symbols represent quantities or relations; words represent ideas or things.
Represent	To bring a sensation of into the mind or sensorium; to cause to be known, felt, or apprehended; to present.
Represent	To form or image again in consciousness, as an object of cognition or apprehension (something which was originally apprehended by direct presentation). See Presentative, 3.
Representable	Capable of being represented.
Representance	Representation; likeness.
Representant	Appearing or acting for another; representing.
Representant	A representative.
Representation	The act of representing, in any sense of the verb.
Representation	That which represents.
Representation	A likeness, a picture, or a model; as, a representation of the human face, or figure, and the like.
Representation	A dramatic performance; as, a theatrical representation; a representation of Hamlet.
Representation	A description or statement; as, the representation of an historian, of a witness, or an advocate.
Representation	The body of those who act as representatives of a community or society; as, the representation of a State in Congress.
Representation	Any collateral statement of fact, made orally or in writing, by which an estimate of the risk is affected, or either party is influenced.
Representation	The state of being represented.
Re-presentation	The act of re-presenting, or the state of being presented again; a new presentation; as, re-presentation of facts previously stated.
Representationary	Implying representation; representative.
Representative	Fitted to represent; exhibiting a similitude.
Representative	Bearing the character or power of another; acting for another or others; as, a council representative of the people.
Representative	Conducted by persons chosen to represent, or act as deputies for, the people; as, a representative government.
Representative	Serving or fitted to present the full characters of the type of a group; typical; as, a representative genus in a family.
Representative	Similar in general appearance, structure, and habits, but living in different regions; -- said of certain species and varieties.
Representative	Giving, or existing as, a transcript of what was originally presentative knowledge; as, representative faculties; representative knowledge.  See Presentative, 3 and Represent, 8.
Representative	One who, or that which, represents (anything); that which exhibits a likeness or similitude.
Representative	An agent, deputy, or substitute, who supplies the place of another, or others, being invested with his or their authority.
Representative	One who represents, or stands in the place of, another.
Representative	A member of the lower or popular house in a State legislature, or in the national Congress.
Representative	That which presents the full character of the type of a group.
Representative	A species or variety which, in any region, takes the place of a similar one in another region.
Representatively	In a representative manner; vicariously.
Representativeness	The quality or state of being representative.
Representer	One who shows, exhibits, or describes.
Representer	A representative.
Representment	Representation.
Repress	To press again.
Repress	To press back or down effectually; to crush down or out; to quell; to subdue; to supress; as, to repress sedition or rebellion; to repress the first risings of discontent.
Repress	Hence, to check; to restrain; to keep back.
Repress	The act of repressing.
Represser	One who, or that which, represses.
Repressible	Capable of being repressed.
Repression	The act of repressing, or state of being repressed; as, the repression of evil and evil doers.
Repression	That which represses; check; restraint.
Repressive	Having power, or tending, to repress; as, repressive acts or measures.
Reprevable	Reprovable.
Repreve	To reprove.
Repreve	Reproof.
Repriefe	Repreve.
Reprieval	Reprieve.
Reprieved	of Reprieve
Reprieving	of Reprieve
Reprieve	To delay the punishment of; to suspend the execution of sentence on; to give a respite to; to respite; as, to reprieve a criminal for thirty days.
Reprieve	To relieve for a time, or temporarily.
Reprieve	A temporary suspension of the execution of a sentence, especially of a sentence of death.
Reprieve	Interval of ease or relief; respite.
Reprimand	Severe or formal reproof; reprehension, private or public.
Reprimanded	of Reprimand
Reprimanding	of Reprimand
Reprimand	To reprove severely; to reprehend; to chide for a fault; to consure formally.
Reprimand	To reprove publicly and officially, in execution of a sentence; as, the court ordered him to be reprimanded.
Reprimander	One who reprimands.
Reprimer	A machine or implement for applying fresh primers to spent cartridge shells, so that the shells be used again.
Reprint	To print again; to print a second or a new edition of.
Reprint	To renew the impression of.
Reprint	A second or a new impression or edition of any printed work; specifically, the publication in one country of a work previously published in another.
Reprinter	One who reprints.
Reprisal	The act of taking from an enemy by way of reteliation or indemnity.
Reprisal	Anything taken from an enemy in retaliation.
Reprisal	The act of retorting on an enemy by inflicting suffering or death on a prisoner taken from him, in retaliation for an act of inhumanity.
Reprisal	Any act of retaliation.
Reprise	A taking by way of retaliation.
Reprise	Deductions and duties paid yearly out of a manor and lands, as rent charge, rent seck, pensions, annuities, and the like.
Reprise	A ship recaptured from an enemy or from a pirate.
Reprise	To take again; to retake.
Reprise	To recompense; to pay.
Repristinate	To restore to an original state.
Repristination	Restoration to an original state; renewal of purity.
Reprive	To take back or away.
Reprive	To reprieve.
Reprize	See Reprise.
Reprizes	See Reprise, n., 2.
Reproached	of Reproach
Reproaching	of Reproach
Reproach	To come back to, or come home to, as a matter of blame; to bring shame or disgrace upon; to disgrace.
Reproach	To attribute blame to; to allege something disgraceful against; to charge with a fault; to censure severely or contemptuously; to upbraid.
Reproach	The act of reproaching; censure mingled with contempt; contumelious or opprobrious language toward any person; abusive reflections; as, severe reproach.
Reproach	A cause of blame or censure; shame; disgrace.
Reproach	An object of blame, censure, scorn, or derision.
Reproachablr	Deserving reproach; censurable.
Reproachablr	Opprobrius; scurrilous.
Reproacher	One who reproaches.
Reproachful	Expressing or containing reproach; upbraiding; opprobrious; abusive.
Reproachful	Occasioning or deserving reproach; shameful; base; as, a reproachful life.
Reproachless	Being without reproach.
Reprobacy	Reprobation.
Reprobance	Reprobation.
Reprobate	Not enduring proof or trial; not of standard purity or fineness; disallowed; rejected.
Reprobate	Abandoned to punishment; hence, morally abandoned and lost; given up to vice; depraved.
Reprobate	Of or pertaining to one who is given up to wickedness; as, reprobate conduct.
Reprobate	One morally abandoned and lost.
Reprobated	of Reprobate
Reprobating	of Reprobate
Reprobate	To disapprove with detestation or marks of extreme dislike; to condemn as unworthy; to disallow; to reject.
Reprobate	To abandon to punishment without hope of pardon.
Reprobateness	The state of being reprobate.
Reprobater	One who reprobates.
Reprobation	The act of reprobating; the state of being reprobated; strong disapproval or censure.
Reprobation	The predestination of a certain number of the human race as reprobates, or objects of condemnation and punishment.
Reprobationer	One who believes in reprobation. See Reprobation, 2.
Reprobative	Of or pertaining to reprobation; expressing reprobation.
Reprobatory	Reprobative.
Reproduce	To produce again.
Reproduce	To bring forward again; as, to reproduce a witness; to reproduce charges; to reproduce a play.
Reproduce	To cause to exist again.
Reproduce	To produce again, by generation or the like; to cause the existence of (something of the same class, kind, or nature as another thing); to generate or beget, as offspring; as, to reproduce a rose; some animals are reproduced by gemmation.
Reproduce	To make an image or other representation of; to portray; to cause to exist in the memory or imagination; to make a copy of; as, to reproduce a person's features in marble, or on canvas; to reproduce a design.
Reproducer	One who, or that which, reproduces.
Reproduction	The act or process of reproducing; the state of being reproduced
Reproduction	the process by which plants and animals give rise to offspring.
Reproduction	That which is reproduced.
Reproductive	Tending, or pertaining, to reproduction; employed in reproduction.
Reproductory	Reproductive.
Reproof	Refutation; confutation; contradiction.
Reproof	An expression of blame or censure; especially, blame expressed to the face; censure for a fault; chiding; reproach.
Reprovable	Worthy of reproof or censure.
Re proval	Reproof.
Reproved	of Reprove
Reproving	of Reprove
Reprove	To convince.
Reprove	To disprove; to refute.
Reprove	To chide to the face as blameworthy; to accuse as guilty; to censure.
Reprove	To express disapprobation of; as, to reprove faults.
Reprover	One who, or that which, reproves.
Reprovingly	In a reproving manner.
Reprune	To prune again or anew.
Rep-silver	Money anciently paid by servile tenants to their lord, in lieu of the customary service of reaping his corn or grain.
Reptant	Same as Repent.
Reptant	Creeping; crawling; -- said of reptiles, worms, etc.
Reptantia	A division of gastropods; the Pectinibranchiata.
Reptation	The act of creeping.
Reptatory	Creeping.
Reptile	Creeping; moving on the belly, or by means of small and short legs.
Reptile	Hence: Groveling; low; vulgar; as, a reptile race or crew; reptile vices.
Reptile	An animal that crawls, or moves on its belly, as snakes,, or by means of small, short legs, as lizards, and the like.
Reptile	One of the Reptilia, or one of the Amphibia.
Reptile	A groveling or very mean person.
Reptilia	A class of air-breathing oviparous vertebrates, usually covered with scales or bony plates. The heart generally has two auricles and one ventricle. The development of the young is the same as that of birds.
Reptilian	Belonging to the reptiles.
Reptilian	One of the Reptilia; a reptile.
Republic	Common weal.
Republic	A state in which the sovereign power resides in the whole body of the people, and is exercised by representatives elected by them; a commonwealth.  Cf. Democracy, 2.
Republican	Of or pertaining to a republic.
Republican	Consonant with the principles of a republic; as, republican sentiments or opinions; republican manners.
Republican	One who favors or prefers a republican form of government.
Republican	A member of the Republican party.
Republican	The American cliff swallow. The cliff swallows build their nests side by side, many together.
Republican	A South African weaver bird (Philetaerus socius). These weaver birds build many nests together, under a large rooflike shelter, which they make of straw.
Republicanism	A republican form or system of government; the principles or theory of republican government.
Republicanism	Attachment to, or political sympathy for, a republican form of government.
Republicanism	The principles and policy of the Republican party, so called
Republicanized	of Republicanize
Republicanizing	of Republicanize
Republicanize	To change, as a state, into a republic; to republican principles; as, France was republicanized; to republicanize the rising generation.
Republicate	To make public again; to republish.
Republication	A second publication, or a new publication of something before published, as of a former will, of a volume already published, or the like; specifically, the publication in one country of a work first issued in another; a reprint.
Republished	of Republish
Republishing	of Republish
Republish	To publish anew; specifically, to publish in one country (a work first published in another); also, to revive (a will) by re/xecution or codicil.
Republisher	One who republishes.
Repudiable	Admitting of repudiation; fit or proper to be put away.
Repudiated	of Repudiate
Repudiating	of Repudiate
Repudiate	To cast off; to disavow; to have nothing to do with; to renounce; to reject.
Repudiate	To divorce, put away, or discard, as a wife, or a woman one has promised to marry.
Repudiate	To refuse to acknowledge or to pay; to disclaim; as, the State has repudiated its debts.
Repudiation	The act of repudiating, or the state of being repuddiated; as, the repudiation of a doctrine, a wife, a debt, etc.
Repudiation	One who favors repudiation, especially of a public debt.
Repudiator	One who repudiates.
Repugn	To fight against; to oppose; to resist.
Repugnable	Capable of being repugned or resisted.
Repugnance	Alt. of Repugnancy
Repugnancy	The state or condition of being repugnant; opposition; contrariety; especially, a strong instinctive antagonism; aversion; reluctance; unwillingness, as of mind, passions, principles, qualities, and the like.
Repugnant	Disposed to fight against; hostile; at war with; being at variance; contrary; inconsistent; refractory; disobedient; also, distasteful in a high degree; offensive; -- usually followed by to, rarely and less properly by with; as, all rudeness was repugnant to her nature.
Repugnantly	In a repugnant manner.
Repugnate	To oppose; to fight against.
Repugner	One who repugns.
Repullulate	To bud again.
Repullulation	The act of budding again; the state of having budded again.
Repulsed	of Repulse
Repulsing	of Repulse
Repulse	To repel; to beat or drive back; as, to repulse an assault; to repulse the enemy.
Repulse	To repel by discourtesy, coldness, or denial; to reject; to send away; as, to repulse a suitor or a proffer.
Repulse	The act of repelling or driving back; also, the state of being repelled or driven back.
Repulse	Figuratively: Refusal; denial; rejection; failure.
Repulseless	Not capable of being repulsed.
Repulser	One who repulses, or drives back.
Repulsion	The act of repulsing or repelling, or the state of being repulsed or repelled.
Repulsion	A feeling of violent offence or disgust; repugnance.
Repulsion	The power, either inherent or due to some physical action, by which bodies, or the particles of bodies, are made to recede from each other, or to resist each other's nearer approach; as, molecular repulsion; electrical repulsion.
Repulsive	Serving, or able, to repulse; repellent; as, a repulsive force.
Repulsive	Cold; forbidding; offensive; as, repulsive manners.
Repulsory	Repulsive; driving back.
Repurchase	To buy back or again; to regain by purchase.
Repurchase	The act of repurchasing.
Repurify	To purify again.
Reputable	Having, or worthy of, good repute; held in esteem; honorable; praiseworthy; as, a reputable man or character; reputable conduct.
Reputation	The estimation in which one is held; character in public opinion; the character attributed to a person, thing, or action; repute.
Reputation	The character imputed to a person in the community in which he lives. It is admissible in evidence when he puts his character in issue, or when such reputation is otherwise part of the issue of a case.
Reputation	Specifically: Good reputation; favorable regard; public esteem; general credit; good name.
Reputation	Account; value.
Reputatively	By repute.
Reputed	of Repute
Reputing	of Repute
Repute	To hold in thought; to account; to estimate; to hold; to think; to reckon.
Repute	Character reputed or attributed; reputation, whether good or bad; established opinion; public estimate.
Repute	Specifically: Good character or reputation; credit or honor derived from common or public opinion; -- opposed to disrepute.
Reputedly	In common opinion or estimation; by repute.
Reputeless	Not having good repute; disreputable; disgraceful; inglorius.
Requere	To require.
Request	The act of asking for anything desired; expression of desire or demand; solicitation; prayer; petition; entreaty.
Request	That which is asked for or requested.
Request	A state of being desired or held in such estimation as to be sought after or asked for; demand.
Requested	of Request
Requesting	of Request
Request	To ask for (something); to express desire ffor; to solicit; as, to request his presence, or a favor.
Request	To address with a request; to ask.
Requester	One who requests; a petitioner.
Requicken	To quicken anew; to reanimate; to give new life to.
Requiem	A mass said or sung for the repose of a departed soul.
Requiem	Any grand musical composition, performed in honor of a deceased person.
Requiem	Rest; quiet; peace.
Requietory	A sepulcher.
Requin	The man-eater, or white shark (Carcharodon carcharias); -- so called on account of its causing requiems to be sung.
Requirable	Capable of being required; proper to be required.
Required	of Require
Requiring	of Require
Require	To demand; to insist upon having; to claim as by right and authority; to exact; as, to require the surrender of property.
Require	To demand or exact as indispensable; to need.
Require	To ask as a favor; to request.
Requirement	The act of requiring; demand; requisition.
Requirement	That which is required; an imperative or authoritative command; an essential condition; something needed or necessary; a need.
Requirer	One who requires.
Requisite	That which is required, or is necessary; something indispensable.
Requisite	Required by the nature of things, or by circumstances; so needful that it can not be dispensed with; necessary; indispensable.
Requisition	The act of requiring, as of right; a demand or application made as by authority.
Requisition	A formal demand made by one state or government upon another for the surrender or extradition of a fugitive from justice.
Requisition	A notarial demand of a debt.
Requisition	A demand by the invader upon the people of an invaded country for supplies, as of provision, forage, transportation, etc.
Requisition	A formal application by one officer to another for things needed in the public service; as, a requisition for clothing, troops, or money.
Requisition	That which is required by authority; especially, a quota of supplies or necessaries.
Requisition	A written or normal call; an invitation; a summons; as, a reqisition for a public meeting.
Requisition	To make a reqisition on or for; as, to requisition a district for forage; to requisition troops.
Requisition	To present a requisition to; to summon request; as, to requisition a person to be a candidate.
Requisitionist	One who makes or signs a requisition.
Requisitive	Expressing or implying demand.
Requisitive	One who, or that which, makes requisition; a requisitionist.
Requisitor	One who makes reqisition; esp., one authorized by a requisition to investigate facts.
Requisitory	Sought for; demanded.
Requitable	That may be requited.
Requital	The act of requiting; also, that which requites; return, good or bad, for anything done; in a good sense, compensation; recompense; as, the requital of services; in a bad sense, retaliation, or punishment; as, the requital of evil deeds.
Requited	of Requite
Requiting	of Requite
Requite	To repay; in a good sense, to recompense; to return (an equivalent) in good; to reward; in a bad sense, to retaliate; to return (evil) for evil; to punish.
Requitement	Requital
Requiter	One who requites.
Rerebrace	Armor for the upper part of the arm.
Reredemain	A backward stroke.
Reredos	A screen or partition wall behind an altar.
Reredos	The back of a fireplace.
Reredos	The open hearth, upon which fires were lighted, immediately under the louver, in the center of ancient halls.
Rerefief	A fief held of a superior feudatory; a fief held by an under tenant.
Rereign	To reign again.
Re-reiterate	To reiterate many times.
Reremouse	A rearmouse.
Re-resolve	To resolve again.
Rereward	The rear guard of an army.
Res	of Res
Res	A thing; the particular thing; a matter; a point.
Resail	To sail again; also, to sail back, as to a former port.
Resale	A sale at second hand, or at retail; also, a second sale.
Resalgar	Realgar.
Resalute	To salute again.
Resaw	To saw again; specifically, to saw a balk, or a timber, which has already been squared, into dimension lumber, as joists, boards, etc.
Rescat	To ransom; to release; to rescue.
Rescat	Ransom; release.
Rescinded	of Rescind
Rescinding	of Rescind
Rescind	To cut off; to abrogate; to annul.
Rescind	Specifically, to vacate or make void, as an act, by the enacting authority or by superior authority; to repeal; as, to rescind a law, a resolution, or a vote; to rescind a decree or a judgment.
Rescindable	Capable of being rescinded.
Rescindment	The act of rescinding; rescission.
Rescission	The act of rescinding, abrogating, annulling, or vacating; as, the rescission of a law, decree, or judgment.
Rescissory	Tending to rescind; rescinding.
Rescous	Rescue; deliverance.
Rescous	See Rescue, 2.
Rescowe	To rescue.
Rescribe	To write back; to write in reply.
Rescribe	To write over again.
Rescript	The answer of an emperor when formallyconsulted by particular persons on some difficult question; hence, an edict or decree.
Rescript	The official written answer of the pope upon a question of canon law, or morals.
Rescript	A counterpart.
Rescription	A writing back; the answering of a letter.
Rescriptive	Pertaining to, or answering the purpose of, a rescript; hence, deciding; settling; determining.
Rescriptively	By rescript.
Rescuable	That may be rescued.
Rescued	of Rescue
Rescuing	of Rescue
Rescue	To free or deliver from any confinement, violence, danger, or evil; to liberate from actual restraint; to remove or withdraw from a state of exposure to evil; as, to rescue a prisoner from the enemy; to rescue seamen from destruction.
Rescue	The act of rescuing; deliverance from restraint, violence, or danger; liberation.
Rescue	The forcible retaking, or taking away, against law, of things lawfully distrained.
Rescue	The forcible liberation of a person from an arrest or imprisonment.
Rescue	The retaking by a party captured of a prize made by the enemy.
Rescueless	Without rescue or release.
Rescuer	One who rescues.
Rescussee	The party in whose favor a rescue is made.
Rescussor	One who makes an unlawful rescue; a rescuer.
Rese	To shake; to quake; to tremble.
Re-search	To search again; to examine anew.
Research	Diligent inquiry or examination in seeking facts or principles; laborious or continued search after truth; as, researches of human wisdom.
Research	To search or examine with continued care; to seek diligently.
Researcher	One who researches.
Researchful	Making researches; inquisitive.
Reseat	To seat or set again, as on a chair, throne, etc.
Reseat	To put a new seat, or new seats, in; as, to reseat a theater; to reseat a chair or trousers.
Resected	of Resect
Resecting	of Resect
Resect	To cut or pare off; to remove by cutting.
Resection	The act of cutting or paring off.
Resection	The removal of the articular extremity of a bone, or of the ends of the bones in a false articulation.
Reseda	A genus of plants, the type of which is mignonette.
Reseda	A grayish green color, like that of the flowers of mignonette.
Reseek	To seek again.
Reseize	To seize again, or a second time.
Reseize	To put in possession again; to reinstate.
Reseize	To take possession of, as lands and tenements which have been disseized.
Reseizer	One who seizes again.
Reseizer	The taking of lands into the hands of the king where a general livery, or oustre le main, was formerly mis-sued, contrary to the form and order of law.
Reseizure	A second seizure; the act of seizing again.
Resell	To sell again; to sell what has been bought or sold; to retail.
Resemblable	Admitting of being compared; like.
Resemblance	The quality or state of resembling; likeness; similitude; similarity.
Resemblance	That which resembles, or is similar; a representation; a likeness.
Resemblance	A comparison; a simile.
Resemblance	Probability; verisimilitude.
Resemblant	Having or exhibiting resemblance; resembling.
Resembled	of Resemble
Resembling	of Resemble
Resemble	To be like or similar to; to bear the similitude of, either in appearance or qualities; as, these brothers resemble each other.
Resemble	To liken; to compare; to represent as like.
Resemble	To counterfeit; to imitate.
Resemble	To cause to imitate or be like.
Resembler	One who resembles.
Resemblingly	So as to resemble; with resemblance or likeness.
Reseminate	To produce again by means of seed.
Resend	To send again; as, to resend a message.
Resend	To send back; as, to resend a gift.
Resend	To send on from an intermediate station by means of a repeater.
Resented	of Resent
Resenting	of Resent
Resent	To be sensible of; to feel
Resent	In a good sense, to take well; to receive with satisfaction.
Resent	In a bad sense, to take ill; to consider as an injury or affront; to be indignant at.
Resent	To express or exhibit displeasure or indignation at, as by words or acts.
Resent	To recognize; to perceive, especially as if by smelling; -- associated in meaning with sent, the older spelling of scent to smell. See Resent, v. i.
Resent	To feel resentment.
Resent	To give forth an odor; to smell; to savor.
Resenter	One who resents.
Resentful	Inclined to resent; easily provoked to anger; irritable.
Resentiment	Resentment.
Resentingly	With deep sense or strong perception.
Resentingly	With a sense of wrong or affront; with resentment.
Resentive	Resentful.
Resentment	The act of resenting.
Resentment	The state of holding something in the mind as a subject of contemplation, or of being inclined to reflect upon something; a state of consciousness; conviction; feeling; impression.
Resentment	In a good sense, satisfaction; gratitude.
Resentment	In a bad sense, strong displeasure; anger; hostility provoked by a wrong or injury experienced.
Reserate	To unlock; to open.
Reservance	Reservation.
Reservation	The act of reserving, or keeping back; concealment, or withholding from disclosure; reserve.
Reservation	Something withheld, either not expressed or disclosed, or not given up or brought forward.
Reservation	A tract of the public land reserved for some special use, as for schools, for the use of Indians, etc.
Reservation	The state of being reserved, or kept in store.
Reservation	A clause in an instrument by which some new thing is reserved out of the thing granted, and not in esse before.
Reservation	A proviso.
Reservation	The portion of the sacramental elements reserved for purposes of devotion and for the communion of the absent and sick.
Reservation	A term of canon law, which signifies that the pope reserves to himself appointment to certain benefices.
Reservative	Tending to reserve or keep; keeping; reserving.
Reservatory	A place in which things are reserved or kept.
Reserved	of Reserve
Reserving	of Reserve
Reserve	To keep back; to retain; not to deliver, make over, or disclose.
Reserve	Hence, to keep in store for future or special use; to withhold from present use for another purpose or time; to keep; to retain.
Reserve	To make an exception of; to except.
Reserve	The act of reserving, or keeping back; reservation.
Reserve	That which is reserved, or kept back, as for future use.
Reserve	That which is excepted; exception.
Reserve	Restraint of freedom in words or actions; backwardness; caution in personal behavior.
Reserve	A tract of land reserved, or set apart, for a particular purpose; as, the Connecticut Reserve in Ohio, originally set apart for the school fund of Connecticut; the Clergy Reserves in Canada, for the support of the clergy.
Reserve	A body of troops in the rear of an army drawn up for battle, reserved to support the other lines as occasion may require; a force or body of troops kept for an exigency.
Reserve	Funds kept on hand to meet liabilities.
Reserved	Kept for future or special use, or for an exigency; as, reserved troops; a reserved seat in a theater.
Reserved	Restrained from freedom in words or actions; backward, or cautious, in communicating one's thoughts and feelings; not free or frank.
Reservee	One to, or for, whom anything is reserved; -- contrasted with reservor.
Reserver	One who reserves.
Reservist	A member of a reserve force of soldiers or militia.
Reservoir	A place where anything is kept in store; especially, a place where water is collected and kept for use when wanted, as to supply a fountain, a canal, or a city by means of aqueducts, or to drive a mill wheel, or the like.
Reservoir	A small intercellular space, often containing resin, essential oil, or some other secreted matter.
Reservor	One who reserves; a reserver.
Reset	To set again; as, to reset type; to reset copy; to reset a diamond.
Reset	The act of resetting.
Reset	That which is reset; matter set up again.
Reset	The receiving of stolen goods, or harboring an outlaw.
Reset	To harbor or secrete; to hide, as stolen goods or a criminal.
Resetter	One who receives or conceals, as stolen goods or criminal.
Resetter	One who resets, or sets again.
Resettle	To settle again.
Resettle	To settle again, or a second time.
Resettlement	Act of settling again, or state of being settled again; as, the resettlement of lees.
Reshape	To shape again.
Reship	To ship again; to put on board of a vessel a second time; to send on a second voyage; as, to reship bonded merchandise.
Reship	To engage one's self again for service on board of a vessel after having been discharged.
Reshipment	The act of reshipping; also, that which is reshippped.
Reshipper	One who reships.
Resiance	Residence; abode.
Resiant	Resident; present in a place.
Resiant	A resident.
Resided	of Reside
Residing	of Reside
Reside	To dwell permanently or for a considerable time; to have a settled abode for a time; to abide continuosly; to have one's domicile of home; to remain for a long time.
Reside	To have a seat or fixed position; to inhere; to lie or be as in attribute or element.
Reside	To sink; to settle, as sediment.
Residence	The act or fact of residing, abiding, or dwelling in a place for some continuance of time; as, the residence of an American in France or Italy for a year.
Residence	The place where one resides; an abode; a dwelling or habitation; esp., a settled or permanent home or domicile.
Residence	The residing of an incumbent on his benefice; -- opposed to nonresidence.
Residence	The place where anything rests permanently.
Residence	Subsidence, as of a sediment.
Residence	That which falls to the bottom of liquors; sediment; also, refuse; residuum.
Residency	Residence.
Residency	A political agency at a native court in British India, held by an officer styled the Resident; also, a Dutch commercial colony or province in the East Indies.
Resident	Dwelling, or having an abode, in a place for a continued length of time; residing on one's own estate; -- opposed to nonresident; as, resident in the city or in the country.
Resident	Fixed; stable; certain.
Resident	One who resides or dwells in a place for some time.
Resident	A diplomatic representative who resides at a foreign court; -- a term usualy applied to ministers of a rank inferior to that of ambassadors. See the Note under Minister, 4.
Residenter	A resident.
Residential	Of or pertaining to a residence or residents; as, residential trade.
Residential	Residing; residentiary.
Residentiary	Having residence; as, a canon residentary; a residentiary guardian.
Residentiary	One who is resident.
Residentiary	An ecclesiastic who keeps a certain residence.
Residentiaryship	The office or condition of a residentiary.
Residentship	The office or condition of a resident.
Resider	One who resides in a place.
Residual	Pertaining to a residue; remaining after a part is taken.
Residual	The difference of the results obtained by observation, and by computation from a formula.
Residual	The difference between the mean of several observations and any one of them.
Residuary	Consisting of residue; as, residuary matter; pertaining to the residue, or part remaining; as, the residuary advantage of an estate.
Residue	That which remains after a part is taken, separated, removed, or designated; remnant; remainder.
Residue	That part of a testeator's estate wwhich is not disposed of in his will by particular and special legacies and devises, and which remains after payment of debts and legacies.
Residue	That which remains of a molecule after the removal of a portion of its constituents; hence, an atom or group regarded as a portion of a molecule; -- used as nearly equivalent to radical, but in a more general sense.
Residue	Any positive or negative number that differs from a given number by a multiple of a given modulus; thus, if 7 is the modulus, and 9 the given number, the numbers  -5, 2, 16, 23, etc., are residues.
Residuous	Remaining; residual.
Residuum	That which is left after any process of separation or purification; that which remains after certain specified deductions are made; residue.
Resiege	To seat again; to reinstate.
Re-sign	To affix one's signature to, a second time; to sign again.
Resigned	of Resign
Resigning	of Resign
Resign	To sign back; to return by a formal act; to yield to another; to surrender; -- said especially of office or emolument. Hence, to give up; to yield; to submit; -- said of the wishes or will, or of something valued; -- also often used reflexively.
Resign	To relinquish; to abandon.
Resign	To commit to the care of; to consign.
Re sign	Resignation.
Resignation	The act of resigning or giving up, as a claim, possession, office, or the like; surrender; as, the resignation of a crown or comission.
Resignation	The state of being resigned or submissive; quiet or patient submission; unresisting acquiescence; as, resignation to the will and providence of God.
Resigned	Submissive; yielding; not disposed to resist or murmur.
Resignedly	With submission.
Resignee	One to whom anything is resigned, or in whose favor a resignation is made.
Resigner	One who resigns.
Resignment	The act of resigning.
Resiled	of Resile
Resiling	of Resile
Resile	To start back; to recoil; to recede from a purpose.
Resilience	Alt. of Resiliency
Resiliency	The act of resiling, springing back, or rebounding; as, the resilience of a ball or of sound.
Resiliency	The mechanical work required to strain an elastic body, as a deflected beam, stretched spring, etc., to the elastic limit; also, the work performed by the body in recovering from such strain.
Resilient	Leaping back; rebounding; recoiling.
Resilition	Resilience.
Resin	Any one of a class of yellowish brown solid inflammable substances, of vegetable origin, which are nonconductors of electricity, have a vitreous fracture, and are soluble in ether, alcohol, and essential oils, but not in water; specif., pine resin (see Rosin).
Resinaceous	Having the quality of resin; resinous.
Resinate	Any one of the salts the resinic acids.
Resinic	Pertaining to, or obtained from, resin; as, the resinic acids.
Resiniferous	Yielding resin; as, a resiniferous tree or vessel.
Resiniform	Having the form of resin.
Resino-electric	Containing or exhibiting resinous electricity.
Resinoid	Somewhat like resin.
Resinous	Of or pertaining to resin; of the nature of resin; resembling or obtained from resin.
Resinously	By means, or in the manner, of resin.
Resinousness	The quality of being resinous.
Resiny	Like resin; resinous.
Resipiscence	Wisdom derived from severe experience; hence, repentance.
Resisted	of Resist
Resisting	of Resist
Resist	To stand against; to withstand; to obstruct.
Resist	To strive against; to endeavor to counteract, defeat, or frustrate; to act in opposition to; to oppose.
Resist	To counteract, as a force, by inertia or reaction.
Resist	To be distasteful to.
Resist	To make opposition.
Resist	A substance used to prevent a color or mordant from fixing on those parts to which it has been applied, either by acting machanically in preventing the color, etc., from reaching the cloth, or chemically in changing the color so as to render it incapable of fixing itself in the fibers.. The pastes prepared for this purpose are called resist pastes.
Resistance	The act of resisting; opposition, passive or active.
Resistance	The quality of not yielding to force or external pressure; that power of a body which acts in opposition to the impulse or pressure of another, or which prevents the effect of another power; as, the resistance of the air to a body passing through it; the resistance of a target to projectiles.
Resistance	A means or method of resisting; that which resists.
Resistance	A certain hindrance or opposition to the passage of an electrical current or discharge offered by conducting bodies. It bears an inverse relation to the conductivity, -- good conductors having a small resistance, while poor conductors or insulators have a very high resistance. The unit of resistance is the ohm.
Resistant	Making resistance; resisting.
Resistant	One who, or that which, resists.
Resister	One who resists.
Resistful	Making much resistance.
Resistibility	The quality of being resistible; resistibleness.
Resistibility	The quality of being resistant; resitstance.
Resistible	Capable of being resisted; as, a resistible force.
Resisting	Making resistance; opposing; as, a resisting medium.
Resistive	Serving to resist.
Resistless	Having no power to resist; making no opposition.
Resistless	Incapable of being resisted; irresistible.
Resoluble	Admitting of being resolved; resolvable; as, bodies resoluble by fire.
Resolute	Having a decided purpose; determined; resolved; fixed in a determination; hence, bold; firm; steady.
Resolute	Convinced; satisfied; sure.
Resolute	Resolving, or explaining; as, the Resolute Doctor Durand.
Resolute	One who is resolute; hence, a desperado.
Resolute	Redelivery; repayment.
Resolutely	In a resolute manner; with fixed purpose; boldly; firmly; steadily; with perseverance.
Resoluteness	The quality of being resolute.
Resolution	The act, operation, or process of resolving. Specifically: (a) The act of separating a compound into its elements or component parts. (b) The act of analyzing a complex notion, or solving a vexed question or difficult problem.
Resolution	The state of being relaxed; relaxation.
Resolution	The state of being resolved, settled, or determined; firmness; steadiness; constancy; determination.
Resolution	That which is resolved or determined; a settled purpose; determination.  Specifically: A formal expression of the opinion or will of an official body or a public assembly, adopted by vote; as, a legislative resolution; the resolutions of a public meeting.
Resolution	The state of being resolved or firm in opinion or thought; conviction; assurance.
Resolution	The act or process of solving; solution; as, the resolution of an equation or problem.
Resolution	A breaking up, disappearance; or termination, as of a fever, a tumor, or the like.
Resolution	The passing of a dissonant into a consonant chord by the rising or falling of the note which makes the discord.
Resolutioner	One who makes a resolution; one who joins with others in a declaration or resolution; specifically, one of a party in the Scottish Church in the 17th century.
Resolutionist	One who makes a resolution.
Resolutive	Serving to dissolve or relax.
Resolutory	Resolutive.
Resolvability	The quality or condition of being resolvable; resolvableness.
Resolvable	Admitting of being resolved; admitting separation into constituent parts, or reduction to first principles; admitting solution or explanation; as, resolvable compounds; resolvable ideas or difficulties.
Resolvableness	The quality of being resolvable; resolvability.
Resolved	of Resolve
Resolving	of Resolve
Resolve	To separate the component parts of; to reduce to the constituent elements; -- said of compound substances; hence, sometimes, to melt, or dissolve.
Resolve	To reduce to simple or intelligible notions; -- said of complex ideas or obscure questions; to make clear or certain; to free from doubt; to disentangle; to unravel; to explain; hence, to clear up, or dispel, as doubt; as, to resolve a riddle.
Resolve	To cause to perceive or understand; to acquaint; to inform; to convince; to assure; to make certain.
Resolve	To determine or decide in purpose; to make ready in mind; to fix; to settle; as, he was resolved by an unexpected event.
Resolve	To express, as an opinion or determination, by resolution and vote; to declare or decide by a formal vote; -- followed by a clause; as, the house resolved (or, it was resolved by the house) that no money should be apropriated (or, to appropriate no money).
Resolve	To change or convert by resolution or formal vote; -- used only reflexively; as, the house resolved itself into a committee of the whole.
Resolve	To solve, as a problem, by enumerating the several things to be done, in order to obtain what is required; to find the answer to, or the result of.
Resolve	To dispere or scatter; to discuss, as an inflammation or a tumor.
Resolve	To let the tones (as of a discord) follow their several tendencies, resulting in a concord.
Resolve	To relax; to lay at ease.
Resolve	To be separated into its component parts or distinct principles; to undergo resolution.
Resolve	To melt; to dissolve; to become fluid.
Resolve	To be settled in opinion; to be convinced.
Resolve	To form a purpose; to make a decision; especially, to determine after reflection; as, to resolve on a better course of life.
Resolve	The act of resolving or making clear; resolution; solution.
Resolve	That which has been resolved on or determined; decisive conclusion; fixed purpose; determination; also, legal or official determination; a legislative declaration; a resolution.
Resolved	Having a fixed purpose; determined; resolute; -- usually placed after its noun; as, a man resolved to be rich.
Resolvedly	So as to resolve or clear up difficulties; clearly.
Resolvedly	Resolutely; decidedly; firmly.
Resolvedness	Fixedness of purpose; firmness; resolution.
Resolvent	Having power to resolve; causing solution; solvent.
Resolvent	That which has the power of resolving, or causing solution; a solvent.
Resolvent	That which has power to disperse inflammatory or other tumors; a discutient; anything which aids the absorption of effused products.
Resolvent	An equation upon whose solution the solution of a given pproblem depends.
Resolver	That which decomposes, or dissolves.
Resolver	That which clears up and removes difficulties, and makes the mind certain or determined.
Resolver	One who resolves, or formal a firm purpose.
Resonance	The act of resounding; the quality or state of being resonant.
Resonance	A prolongation or increase of any sound, either by reflection, as in a cavern or apartment the walls of which are not distant enough to return a distinct echo, or by the production of vibrations in other bodies, as a sounding-board, or the bodies of musical instruments.
Resonancy	Resonance.
Resonant	Returning, or capable of returning, sound; fitted to resound; resounding; echoing back.
Resonantly	In a resonant manner.
Resonator	Anything which resounds; specifically, a vessel in the form of a cylinder open at one end, or a hollow ball of brass with two apertures, so contrived as to greatly intensify a musical tone by its resonance. It is used for the study and analysis of complex sounds.
Resorb	To swallow up.
Resorbent	Swallowing up.
Resorcin	A colorless crystalline substance of the phenol series, obtained by melting certain resins, as galbanum, asafetida, etc., with caustic potash. It is also produced artificially and used in making certain dyestuffs, as phthalein, fluorescein, and eosin.
Resorcylic	Of, or pertaining to, or producing, resorcin; as, resorcylic acid.
Resorption	The act of resorbing; also, the act of absorbing again; reabsorption.
Resort	Active power or movement; spring.
Resorted	of Resort
Resorting	of Resort
Resort	To go; to repair; to betake one's self.
Resort	To fall back; to revert.
Resort	To have recourse; to apply; to one's self for help, relief, or advantage.
Resort	The act of going to, or making application; a betaking one's self; the act of visiting or seeking; recourse; as, a place of popular resort; -- often figuratively; as, to have resort to force.
Resort	A place to which one betakes himself habitually; a place of frequent assembly; a haunt.
Resort	That to which one resorts or looks for help; resource; refuge.
Resorter	One who resorts; a frequenter.
Resoun	Reason.
Resoun	To resound.
Re-sound	To sound again or anew.
Resounded	of Resound
Resounding	of Resound
Resound	To sound loudly; as, his voice resounded far.
Resound	To be filled with sound; to ring; as, the woods resound with song.
Resound	To be echoed; to be sent back, as sound.
Resound	To be mentioned much and loudly.
Resound	To echo or reverberate; to be resonant; as, the earth resounded with his praise.
Resound	To throw back, or return, the sound of; to echo; to reverberate.
Resound	To praise or celebrate with the voice, or the sound of instruments; to extol with sounds; to spread the fame of.
Resound	Return of sound; echo.
Resource	That to which one resorts orr on which one depends for supply or support; means of overcoming a difficulty; resort; expedient.
Resource	Pecuniary means; funds; money, or any property that can be converted into supplies; available means or capabilities of any kind.
Resourceful	Full of resources.
Resourceless	Destitute of resources.
Resow	To sow again.
Resown	To resound.
Respeak	To speak or utter again.
Respeak	To answer; to echo.
Respected	of Respect
Respecting	of Respect
Respect	To take notice of; to regard with special attention; to regard as worthy of special consideration; hence, to care for; to heed.
Respect	To consider worthy of esteem; to regard with honor.
Respect	To look toward; to front upon or toward.
Respect	To regard; to consider; to deem.
Respect	To have regard to; to have reference to; to relate to; as, the treaty particularly respects our commerce.
Respect	The act of noticing with attention; the giving particular consideration to; hence, care; caution.
Respect	Esteem; regard; consideration; honor.
Respect	An expression of respect of deference; regards; as, to send one's respects to another.
Respect	Reputation; repute.
Respect	Relation; reference; regard.
Respect	Particular; point regarded; point of view; as, in this respect; in any respect; in all respects.
Respect	Consideration; motive; interest.
Respectability	The state or quality of being respectable; the state or quality which deserves or commands respect.
Respectable	Worthy of respect; fitted to awaken esteem; deserving regard; hence, of good repute; not mean; as, a respectable citizen.
Respectable	Moderate in degree of excellence or in number; as, a respectable performance; a respectable audience.
Respectant	Placed so as to face one another; -- said of animals.
Respecter	One who respects.
Respectful	Marked or characterized by respect; as, respectful deportment.
Respecting	With regard or relation to; regarding; concerning; as, respecting his conduct there is but one opinion.
Respection	The act of respecting; respect; regard.
Respective	Noticing with attention; hence, careful; wary; considerate.
Respective	Looking towardl having reference to; relative, not absolute; as, the respective connections of society.
Respective	Relating to particular persons or things, each to each; particular; own; as, they returned to their respective places of abode.
Respective	Fitted to awaken respect.
Respective	Rendering respect; respectful; regardful.
Respectively	As relating to each; particularly; as each belongs to each; as each refers to each in order; as, let each man respectively perform his duty.
Respectively	Relatively; not absolutely.
Respectively	Partially; with respect to private views.
Respectively	With respect; regardfully.
Respectless	Having no respect; without regard; regardless.
Respectuous	Respectful; as, a respectuous silence.
Respectuous	Respectable.
Respell	To spell again.
Resperse	To sprinkle; to scatter.
Respersion	The act of sprinkling or scattering.
Respirability	The quality or state of being respirable; respirableness.
Respirable	Suitable for being breathed; adapted for respiration.
Respiration	The act of respiring or breathing again, or catching one's breath.
Respiration	Relief from toil or suffering: rest.
Respiration	Interval; intermission.
Respiration	The act of resping or breathing; the act of taking in and giving out air; the aggregate of those processes bu which oxygen is introduced into the system, and carbon dioxide, or carbonic acid, removed.
Respirational	Of or pertaining to respiration; as, respirational difficulties.
Respirative	Of or pertaining to respiration; as, respirative organs.
Respirator	A divice of gauze or wire, covering the mouth or nose, to prevent the inhalation of noxious substances, as dust or smoke. Being warmed by the breath, it tempers cold air passing through it, and may also be used for the inhalation of medicated vapors.
Respiratory	Of or pertaining to respiration; serving for respiration; as, the respiratory organs; respiratory nerves; the respiratory function; respiratory changes.
Respired	of Respire
Respiring	of Respire
Respire	To take breath again; hence, to take rest or refreshment.
Respire	To breathe; to inhale air into the lungs, and exhale it from them, successively, for the purpose of maintaining the vitality of the blood.
Respire	To breathe in and out; to inspire and expire,, as air; to breathe.
Respire	To breathe out; to exhale.
Respite	A putting off of that which was appointed; a postponement or delay.
Respite	Temporary intermission of labor, or of any process or operation; interval of rest; pause; delay.
Respite	Temporary suspension of the execution of a capital offender; reprieve.
Respite	The delay of appearance at court granted to a jury beyond the proper term.
Respited	of Respite
Respiting	of Respite
Respite	To give or grant a respite to.
Respite	To delay or postpone; to put off.
Respite	To keep back from execution; to reprieve.
Respite	To relieve by a pause or interval of rest.
Respiteless	Without respite.
Resplendence	Alt. of Resplendency
Resplendency	The quality or state of being resplendent; brilliant luster; vivid brightness; splendor.
Resplendent	Shining with brilliant luster; very bright.
Resplendishant	Resplendent; brilliant.
Resplendishing	Resplendent.
Resplit	To split again.
Responded	of Respond
Responding	of Respond
Respond	To say somethin in return; to answer; to reply; as, to respond to a question or an argument.
Respond	To show some effect in return to a force; to act in response; to accord; to correspond; to suit.
Respond	To render satisfaction; to be answerable; as, the defendant is held to respond in damages.
Respond	To answer; to reply.
Respond	To suit or accord with; to correspond to.
Respond	An answer; a response.
Respond	A short anthem sung at intervals during the reading of a chapter.
Respond	A half pier or pillar attached to a wall to support an arch.
Respondence	Alt. of Respondency
Respondency	The act of responding; the state of being respondent; an answering.
Respondent	Disposed or expected to respond; answering; according; corresponding.
Respondent	One who responds. It corresponds in general to defendant.
Respondent	One who answers in certain suits or proceedings, generally those which are not according to the course of the common law, as in equity and admiralty causes, in petitions for partition, and the like; -- distinquished from appellant.
Respondent	One who maintains a thesis in reply, and whose province it is to refute objections, or overthrow arguments; -- distinguished from opponent.
Respondentia	A loan upon goods laden on board a ship. It differs from bottomry, which is a loan on the ship itself.
Responsal	Answerable.
Responsal	One who is answerable or responsible.
Responsal	Response.
Response	The act of responding.
Response	An answer or reply.
Response	Reply to an objection in formal disputation.
Response	The answer of the people or congregation to the priest or clergyman, in the litany and other parts of divine service.
Response	A kind of anthem sung after the lessons of matins and some other parts of the office.
Response	A repetition of the given subject in a fugue by another part on the fifth above or fourth below.
Responseless	Giving no response.
-ties	of Responsibility
Responsibility	The state of being responsible, accountable, or answerable, as for a trust, debt, or obligation.
Responsibility	That for which anyone is responsible or accountable; as, the resonsibilities of power.
Responsibility	Ability to answer in payment; means of paying.
Responsible	Liable to respond; likely to be called upon to answer; accountable; answerable; amenable; as, a guardian is responsible to the court for his conduct in the office.
Responsible	Able to respond or answer for one's conduct and obligations; trustworthy, financially or otherwise; as, to have a responsible man for surety.
Responsible	Involving responsibility; involving a degree of accountability on the part of the person concerned; as, a responsible office.
Responsion	The act of answering.
Responsion	The first university examination; -- called also little go. See under Little, a.
Responsive	That responds; ready or inclined to respond.
Responsive	Suited to something else; correspondent.
Responsive	Responsible.
Responsorial	Responsory; antiphonal.
Responsory	Containing or making answer; answering.
-ries	of Responsory
Responsory	The answer of the people to the priest in alternate speaking, in church service.
Responsory	A versicle sung in answer to the priest, or as a refrain.
Responsory	An antiphonary; a response book.
Rest	To arrest.
Rest	A state of quiet or repose; a cessation from motion or labor; tranquillity; as, rest from mental exertion; rest of body or mind.
Rest	Hence, freedom from everything which wearies or disturbs; peace; security.
Rest	Sleep; slumber; hence, poetically, death.
Rest	That on which anything rests or leans for support; as, a rest in a lathe, for supporting the cutting tool or steadying the work.
Rest	A projection from the right side of the cuirass, serving to support the lance.
Rest	A place where one may rest, either temporarily, as in an inn, or permanently, as, in an abode.
Rest	A short pause in reading verse; a c/sura.
Rest	The striking of a balance at regular intervals in a running account.
Rest	A set or game at tennis.
Rest	Silence in music or in one of its parts; the name of the character that stands for such silence. They are named as notes are, whole, half, quarter,etc.
Rested	of Rest
Resting	of Rest
Rest	To cease from action or motion, especially from action which has caused weariness; to desist from labor or exertion.
Rest	To be free from whanever wearies or disturbs; to be quiet or still.
Rest	To lie; to repose; to recline; to lan; as, to rest on a couch.
Rest	To stand firm; to be fixed; to be supported; as, a column rests on its pedestal.
Rest	To sleep; to slumber; hence, poetically, to be dead.
Rest	To lean in confidence; to trust; to rely; to repose without anxiety; as, to rest on a man's promise.
Rest	To be satisfied; to acquiesce.
Rest	To lay or place at rest; to quiet.
Rest	To place, as on a support; to cause to lean.
Rest	That which is left, or which remains after the separation of a part, either in fact or in contemplation; remainder; residue.
Rest	Those not included in a proposition or description; the remainder; others.
Rest	A surplus held as a reserved fund by a bank to equalize its dividends, etc.; in the Bank of England, the balance of assets above liabilities.
Rest	To be left; to remain; to continue to be.
Restagnant	Stagnant; motionless.
Restagnate	To stagnate; to cease to flow.
Restagnation	Stagnation.
Restant	Persistent.
Restate	To state anew.
Restaurant	An eating house.
Restaurate	To restore.
Restaurateur	The keeper of an eathing house or a restaurant.
Restauration	Restoration.
Restem	To force back against the current; as, to restem their backward course.
Restem	To stem, or move against; as, to restem a current.
Restful	Being at rest; quiet.
Restful	Giving rest; freeing from toil, trouble, etc.
Rest-harrow	A European leguminous plant (Ononis arvensis) with long, tough roots.
Restiff	Restive.
Restiff	A restive or stubborn horse.
Restiffness	Restiveness.
Restiform	Formed like a rope; -- applied especially to several ropelike bundles or masses of fibers on the dorsal side of the medulla oblongata.
Restily	In a resty manner.
Restinction	Act of quenching or extingishing.
Restiness	The quality or state of being resty; sluggishness.
Resting	a. & n. from Rest, v. t. & i.
Restinguish	To quench or extinguish.
Restitute	To restore to a former state.
Restitute	That which is restored or offered in place of something; a substitute.
Restitution	The act of restoring anything to its rightful owner, or of making good, or of giving an equivalent for any loss, damage, or injury; indemnification.
Restitution	That which is offered or given in return for what has been lost, injured, or destroved; compensation.
Restitution	The act of returning to, or recovering, a former state; as, the restitution of an elastic body.
Restitution	The movement of rotetion which usually occurs in childbirth after the head has been delivered, and which causes the latter to point towards the side to which it was directed at the beginning of labor.
Restitutor	One who makes restitution.
Restive	Unwilling to go on; obstinate in refusing to move forward; stubborn; drawing back.
Restive	Inactive; sluggish.
Restive	Impatient under coercion, chastisement, or opposition; refractory.
Restive	Uneasy; restless; averse to standing still; fidgeting about; -- applied especially to horses.
Restless	Never resting; unquiet; uneasy; continually moving; as, a restless child.
Restless	Not satisfied to be at rest or in peace; averse to repose or quiet; eager for change; discontented; as, restless schemers; restless ambition; restless subjects.
Restless	Deprived of rest or sleep.
Restless	Passed in unquietness; as, the patient has had a restless night.
Restless	Not affording rest; as, a restless chair.
Restorable	Admitting of being restored; capable of being reclaimed; as, restorable land.
Restoral	Restoration.
Restoration	The act of restoring or bringing back to a former place, station, or condition; the fact of being restored; renewal; reestablishment; as, the restoration of friendship between enemies; the restoration of peace after war.
Restoration	The state of being restored; recovery of health, strength, etc.; as, restoration from sickness.
Restoration	That which is restored or renewed.
Restorationer	A Restorationist.
Restorationism	The belief or doctrines of the Restorationists.
Restorationist	One who believes in a temporary future punishment and a final restoration of all to the favor and presence of God; a Universalist.
Restorative	Of or pertaining to restoration; having power to restore.
Restorative	Something which serves to restore; especially, a restorative medicine.
Restoratively	In a restorative manner.
Restorator	A restaurateur.
Restoratory	Restorative.
Re-store	To store again; as, the goods taken out were re-stored.
Restored	of Restore
Restoring	of Restore
Restore	To bring back to its former state; to bring back from a state of ruin, decay, disease, or the like; to repair; to renew; to recover.
Restore	To give or bring back, as that which has been lost., or taken away; to bring back to the owner; to replace.
Restore	To renew; to reestablish; as, to restore harmony among those who are variance.
Restore	To give in place of, or as satisfaction for.
Restore	To make good; to make amends for.
Restore	To bring back from a state of injury or decay, or from a changed condition; as, to restore a painting, statue, etc.
Restore	To form a picture or model of, as of something lost or mutilated; as, to restore a ruined building, city, or the like.
Restore	Restoration.
Restorement	Restoration.
Restorer	One who, or that which, restores.
Restrained	of Restrain
Restraining	of Restrain
Restrain	To draw back again; to hold back from acting, proceeding, or advancing, either by physical or moral force, or by any interposing obstacle; to repress or suppress; to keep down; to curb.
Restrain	To draw back toghtly, as a rein.
Restrain	To hinder from unlimited enjoiment; to abridge.
Restrain	To limit; to confine; to restrict.
Restrain	To withhold; to forbear.
Restrainable	Capable of being restrained; controllable.
Restrainedly	With restraint.
Restrainer	One who, or that which, restrains.
Restrainment	The act of restraining.
Restraint	The act or process of restraining, or of holding back or hindering from motion or action, in any manner; hindrance of the will, or of any action, physical or mental.
Restraint	The state of being restrained.
Restraint	That which restrains, as a law, a prohibition, or the like; limitation; restriction.
Restrengthen	To strengthen again; to fortify anew.
Restrict	Restricted.
Restricted	of Restrict
Restricting	of Restrict
Restrict	To restrain within bounds; to limit; to confine; as, to restrict worlds to a particular meaning; to restrict a patient to a certain diet.
Restriction	The act of restricting, or state of being restricted; confinement within limits or bounds.
Restriction	That which restricts; limitation; restraint; as, restrictions on trade.
Restrictionary	Restrictive.
Restrictive	Serving or tending to restrict; limiting; as, a restrictive particle; restrictive laws of trade.
Restrictive	Astringent or styptic in effect.
Restringed	of Restringe
Restringing	of Restringe
Restringe	To confine; to contract; to stringe.
Restringency	Quality or state of being restringent; astringency.
Restringent	Restringing; astringent; styptic.
Restringent	A restringent medicine.
Restrive	To strive anew.
Resty	Disposed to rest; indisposed toexercton; sluggish; also, restive.
Resubjection	A second subjection.
Resublime	To sublime again.
Resudation	Act of sweating again.
Resulted	of Result
Resulting	of Result
Result	To leap back; to rebound.
Result	To come out, or have an issue; to terminate; to have consequences; -- followed by in; as, this measure will result in good or in evil.
Result	To proceed, spring, or rise, as a consequence, from facts, arguments, premises, combination of circumstances, consultation, thought, or endeavor.
Result	A flying back; resilience.
Result	That which results; the conclusion or end to which any course or condition of things leads, or which is obtained by any process or operation; consequence or effect; as, the result of a course of action; the result of a mathematical operation.
Result	The decision or determination of a council or deliberative assembly; a resolve; a decree.
Resultance	The act of resulting; that which results; a result.
Resultant	Resulting or issuing from a combination; existing or following as a result or consequence.
Resultant	That which results.
Resultant	A reultant force or motion.
Resultant	An eliminant.
Resultate	A result.
Resultful	HAving results or effects.
Resultive	Resultant.
Resultless	Being without result; as, resultless investigations.
Resumable	Capable of, or admitting of, being resumed.
Resume	A summing up; a condensed statement; an abridgment or brief recapitulation.
Resumed	of Resume
Resuming	of Resume
Resume	To take back.
Resume	To enter upon, or take up again.
Resume	To begin again; to recommence, as something which has been interrupted; as, to resume an argument or discourse.
Resummon	To summon again.
Resummons	A second summons.
Resumption	The act of resuming; as, the resumption of a grant, of delegated powers, of an argument, of specie payments, etc.
Resumption	The taking again into the king's hands of such lands or tenements as he had granted to any man on false suggestions or other error.
Resumptive	Taking back; resuming, or tending toward resumption; as, resumptive measures.
Resupinate	Inverted in position; appearing to be upside down or reversed, as the flowers of the orchis and the leaves of some plants.
Resupinated	Resupinate.
Resupination	The state of luing on the back; the state of being resupinate, or reversed.
Resupine	Lying on the back; supine; hence, careless.
Resupply	To supply again.
Resurgence	The act of rising again; resurrection.
Resurgent	Rising again, as from the dead.
Resurgent	One who rises again, as from the dead.
Resurrect	To take from the grave; to disinter.
Resurrect	To reanimate; to restore to life; to bring to view (that which was forgotten or lost).
Resurrection	A rising again; the resumption of vigor.
Resurrection	Especially, the rising again from the dead; the resumption of life by the dead; as, the resurrection of Jesus Christ; the general resurrection of all the dead at the Day of Judgment.
Resurrection	State of being risen from the dead; future state.
Resurrection	The cause or exemplar of a rising from the dead.
Resurrectionist	One who steals bodies from the grave, as for dissection.
Resurrectionize	To raise from the dead.
Resurvey	To survey again or anew; to review.
Resurvey	A second or new survey.
Resuscitable	Capable of resuscitation; as, resuscitable plants.
Resuscitant	One who, or that which resuscitates. Also used adjectively.
Resuscitate	Restored to life.
Resuscitated	of Resuscitate
Resuscitating	of Resuscitate
Resuscitate	To revivify; to revive; especially, to recover or restore from apparent death; as, to resuscitate a drowned person; to resuscitate withered plants.
Resuscitate	To come to life again; to revive.
Resuscitation	The act of resuscitating, or state of being resuscitated.
Resuscitative	Tending to resuscitate; reviving; revivifying.
Resuscitator	One who, or that which, resuscitates.
Ret	See Aret.
Ret	To prepare for use, as flax, by separating the fibers from the woody part by process of soaking, macerating, and other treatment.
Retable	A shelf behind the altar, for display of lights, vases of wlowers, etc.
Retail	The sale of commodities in small quantities or parcels; -- opposed to wholesale; sometimes, the sale of commodities at second hand.
Retail	Done at retail; engaged in retailing commodities; as a retail trade; a retail grocer.
Retailed	of Retail
Retailing	of Retail
Retail	To sell in small quantities, as by the single yard, pound, gallon, etc.; to sell directly to the consumer; as, to retail cloth or groceries.
Retail	To sell at second hand.
Retail	To distribute in small portions or at second hand; to tell again or to many (what has been told or done); to report; as, to retail slander.
Retailer	One who retails anything; as, a retailer of merchandise; a retailer of gossip.
Retailment	The act of retailing.
Retained	of Retain
Retaining	of Retain
Retain	To continue to hold; to keep in possession; not to lose, part with, or dismiss; to retrain from departure, escape, or the like.
Retain	To keep in pay; to employ by a preliminary fee paid; to hire; to engage; as, to retain a counselor.
Retain	To restrain; to prevent.
Retain	To belong; to pertain.
Retain	To keep; to continue; to remain.
Retainable	Capable of being retained.
Retainal	The act of retaining; retention.
Retainer	One who, or that which, retains.
Retainer	One who is retained or kept in service; an attendant; an adherent; a hanger-on.
Retainer	Hence, a servant, not a domestic, but occasionally attending and wearing his master's livery.
Retainer	The act of a client by which he engages a lawyer or counselor to manage his cause.
Retainer	The act of withholding what one has in his hands by virtue of some right.
Retainer	A fee paid to engage a lawyer or counselor to maintain a cause, or to prevent his being employed by the opposing party in the case; -- called also retaining fee.
Retainer	The act of keeping dependents, or the state of being in dependence.
Retainment	The act of retaining; retention.
Retake	To take or receive again.
Retake	To take from a captor; to recapture; as, to retake a ship or prisoners.
Retaker	One who takes again what has been taken; a recaptor.
Retaliated	of Retaliate
Retaliating	of Retaliate
Retaliate	To return the like for; to repay or requite by an act of the same kind; to return evil for (evil). [Now seldom used except in a bad sense.]
Retaliate	To return like for like; specifically, to return evil for evil; as, to retaliate upon an enemy.
Retaliation	The act of retaliating, or of returning like for like; retribution; now, specifically, the return of evil for evil; e.g., an eye for an eye, a tooth for a tooth.
Retaliative	Same as Retaliatory.
Retaliatory	Tending to, or involving, retaliation; retaliative; as retaliatory measures.
Retarded	of Retard
Retarding	of Retard
Retard	To keep delaying; to continue to hinder; to prevent from progress; to render more slow in progress; to impede; to hinder; as, to retard the march of an army; to retard the motion of a ship; -- opposed to accelerate.
Retard	To put off; to postpone; as, to retard the attacks of old age; to retard a rupture between nations.
Retard	To stay back.
Retard	Retardation; delay.
Retardation	The act of retarding; hindrance; the act of delaying; as, the retardation of the motion of a ship; -- opposed to acceleration.
Retardation	That which retards; an obstacle; an obstruction.
Retardation	The keeping back of an approaching consonant chord by prolonging one or more tones of a previous chord into the intermediate chord which follows; -- differing from suspension by resolving upwards instead of downwards.
Retardation	The extent to which anything is retarded; the amount of retarding or delay.
Retardative	Tending, or serving, to retard.
Retarder	One who, or that which, retards.
Retardment	The act of retarding; retardation.
Retched	of Retch
Retching	of Retch
Retch	To make an effort to vomit; to strain, as in vomiting.
Retch	To care for; to heed; to reck.
Retchless	Careless; reckless.
Rete	A net or network; a plexus; particularly, a network of blood vessels or nerves, or a part resembling a network.
Retecious	Resembling network; retiform.
Retection	Act of disclosing or uncovering something concealed.
Retell	To tell again.
Retene	A white crystalline hydrocarbon, polymeric with benzene. It is extracted from pine tar, and is also found in certain fossil resins.
Retent	That which is retained.
Retention	The act of retaining, or the state of being ratined.
Retention	The power of retaining; retentiveness.
Retention	That which contains something, as a tablet; a //// of preserving impressions.
Retention	The act of withholding; retraint; reserve.
Retention	Place of custody or confinement.
Retention	The right of withholding a debt, or of retaining property until a debt due to the person claiming the right be duly paid; a lien.
Retentive	Having power to retain; as, a retentive memory.
Retentive	That which retains or confines; a restraint.
Retentively	In a retentive manner.
Retentiveness	The quality of being retentive.
Retentivity	The power of retaining; retentive force; as, the retentivity of a magnet.
Retentor	A muscle which serves to retain an organ or part in place, esp. when retracted. See Illust. of Phylactolemata.
Retepore	Any one of several species of bryozoans of the genus Retepora. They form delicate calcareous corals, usually composed of thin fenestrated fronds.
Retex	To annual, as orders.
Retexture	The act of weaving or forming again.
Rethor	A rhetorician; a careful writer.
Rethoryke	Rhetoric.
Retiarius	A gladiator armed with a net for entangling his adversary and a trident for despatching him.
Retiary	Any spider which spins webs to catch its prey.
Retiary	A retiarius.
Retiary	Netlike.
Retiary	Constructing or using a web, or net, to catch prey; -- said of certain spiders.
Retiary	Armed with a net; hence, skillful to entangle.
Reticence	The quality or state of being reticent, or keeping silence; the state of holding one's tonque; refraining to speak of that which is suggested; uncommunicativeness.
Reticence	A figure by which a person really speaks of a thing while he makes a show as if he would say nothingon the subject.
Reticency	Reticence.
Reticent	Inclined to keep silent; reserved; uncommunicative.
Reticle	A small net.
Reticle	A reticule. See Reticule, 2.
Reticular	Having the form of a net, or of network; formed with interstices; retiform; as, reticular cartilage; a reticular leaf.
Reticular	Of or pertaining to a reticulum.
Reticularia	An extensive division of rhizopods in which the pseudopodia are more or less slender and coalesce at certain points, forming irregular meshes. It includes the shelled Foraminifera, together with some groups which lack a true shell.
Reticularian	One of the Reticularia.
Reticularly	In a reticular manner.
Reticulate	Alt. of Reticulated
Reticulated	Resembling network; having the form or appearance of a net; netted; as, a reticulated structure.
Reticulated	Having veins, fibers, or lines crossing like the threads or fibers of a network; as, a reticulate leaf; a reticulated surface; a reticulated wing of an insect.
Reticulation	The quality or state of being reticulated, or netlike; that which is reticulated; network; an organization resembling a net.
Reticule	A little bag, originally of network; a woman's workbag, or a little bag to be carried in the hand.
Reticule	A system of wires or lines in the focus of a telescope or other instrument; a reticle.
Reticulosa	Same as Reticularia.
Reticulose	Forming a network; characterized by a reticulated sructure.
Reticula	of Reticulum
Reticulum	The second stomach of ruminants, in which folds of the mucous membrane form hexagonal cells; -- also called the honeycomb stomach.
Reticulum	The neuroglia.
Retiform	Composed of crossing lines and interstices; reticular; netlike; as, the retiform coat of the eye.
Retina	The delicate membrane by which the back part of the globe of the eye is lined, and in which the fibers of the optic nerve terminate. See Eye.
Retinacula	of Retinaculum
Retinaculum	A connecting band; a fraenum; as, the retinacula of the ileocaecal and ileocolic valves.
Retinaculum	One of the annular ligaments which hold the tendons close to the bones at the larger joints, as at the wrist and ankle.
Retinaculum	One of the retractor muscles of the proboscis of certain worms.
Retinaculum	A small gland or process to which bodies are attached; as, the glandular retinacula to which the pollinia of orchids are attached, or the hooks which support the seeds in many acanthaceous plants.
Retinal	Of or pertaining to the retina.
Retinalite	A translucent variety of serpentine, of a honey yellow or greenish yellow color, having a waxy resinlike luster.
Retinasphalt	Alt. of Retinasphaltum
Retinasphaltum	Retinite.
Retinerved	Having reticulated veins.
Retinea	of Retineum
Retineum	That part of the eye of an invertebrate which corresponds in function with the retina of a vertebrate.
Retinic	Of or pertaining to resin; derived from resin; specifically, designating an acid found in certain fossil resins and hydrocarbons.
Retinite	An inflammable mineral resin, usually of a yellowish brown color, found in roundish masses, sometimes with coal.
Retinitis	Inflammation of the retina.
Retinoid	Resinlike, or resinform; resembling a resin without being such.
Retinol	A hydrocarbon oil obtained by the distillation of resin, -- used in printer's ink.
Retiniphorae	of Retinophora
Retinophora	One of group of two to four united cells which occupy the axial part of the ocelli, or ommatidia, of the eyes of invertebrates, and contain the terminal nerve fibrillae. See Illust. under Ommatidium.
Retinophoral	Of or pertaining to retinophorae.
Retinoscopy	The study of the retina of the eye by means of the ophthalmoscope.
Retinue	The body of retainers who follow a prince or other distinguished person; a train of attendants; a suite.
Retinulae	of Retinula
Retinula	One of the group of pigmented cells which surround the retinophorae of invertebrates. See Illust. under Ommatidium.
Retinulate	Having, or characterized by, retinul/.
Retiped	A bird having small polygonal scales covering the tarsi.
Retiracy	Retirement; -- mostly used in a jocose or burlesque way.
Retirade	A kind of retrenchment, as in the body of a bastion, which may be disputed inch by inch after the defenses are dismantled. It usually consists of two faces which make a reentering angle.
Retired	of Retire
Retiring	of Retire
Retire	To withdraw; to take away; -- sometimes used reflexively.
Retire	To withdraw from circulation, or from the market; to take up and pay; as, to retire bonds; to retire a note.
Retire	To cause to retire; specifically, to designate as no longer qualified for active service; to place on the retired list; as, to retire a military or naval officer.
Retire	To go back or return; to draw back or away; to keep aloof; to withdraw or retreat, as from observation; to go into privacy; as, to retire to his home; to retire from the world, or from notice.
Retire	To retreat from action or danger; to withdraw for safety or pleasure; as, to retire from battle.
Retire	To withdraw from a public station, or from business; as, having made a large fortune, he retired.
Retire	To recede; to fall or bend back; as, the shore of the sea retires in bays and gulfs.
Retire	To go to bed; as, he usually retires early.
Retire	The act of retiring, or the state of being retired; also, a place to which one retires.
Retire	A call sounded on a bugle, announcing to skirmishers that they are to retire, or fall back.
Retired	Private; secluded; quiet; as, a retired life; a person of retired habits.
Retired	Withdrawn from active duty or business; as, a retired officer; a retired physician.
Retirement	The act of retiring, or the state of being retired; withdrawal; seclusion; as, the retirement of an officer.
Retirement	A place of seclusion or privacy; a place to which one withdraws or retreats; a private abode.
Retirer	One who retires.
Retiring	Reserved; shy; not forward or obtrusive; as, retiring modesty; retiring manners.
Retiring	Of or pertaining to retirement; causing retirement; suited to, or belonging to, retirement.
Retistene	A white crystalline hydrocarbon produced indirectly from retene.
Retitelae	A group of spiders which spin irregular webs; -- called also Retitelariae.
Retold	imp. & p. p. of Retell.
Retorsion	Same as Retortion.
Retorted	of Retort
Retorting	of Retort
Retort	To bend or curve back; as, a retorted line.
Retort	To throw back; to reverberate; to reflect.
Retort	To return, as an argument, accusation, censure, or incivility; as, to retort the charge of vanity.
Retort	To return an argument or a charge; to make a severe reply.
Retort	The return of, or reply to, an argument, charge, censure, incivility, taunt, or witticism; a quick and witty or severe response.
Retort	A vessel in which substances are subjected to distillation or decomposition by heat. It is made of different forms and materials for different uses, as a bulb of glass with a curved beak to enter a receiver for general chemical operations, or a cylinder or semicylinder of cast iron for the manufacture of gas in gas works.
Retorter	One who retorts.
Retortion	Act of retorting or throwing back; reflection or turning back.
Retortion	Retaliation.
Retortive	Containing retort.
Retoss	To toss back or again.
Retouch	To touch again, or rework, in order to improve; to revise; as, to retouch a picture or an essay.
Retouch	To correct or change, as a negative, by handwork.
Retouch	A partial reworking,as of a painting, a sculptor's clay model, or the like.
Retoucher	One who retouches.
Retrace	To trace back, as a line.
Retrace	To go back, in or over (a previous course); to go over again in a reverse direction; as, to retrace one's steps; to retrace one's proceedings.
Retrace	To trace over again, or renew the outline of, as a drawing; to draw again.
Retracted	of Retract
Retracting	of Retract
Retract	To draw back; to draw up or shorten; as, the cat can retract its claws; to retract a muscle.
Retract	To withdraw; to recall; to disavow; to recant; to take back; as, to retract an accusation or an assertion.
Retract	To take back,, as a grant or favor previously bestowed; to revoke.
Retract	To draw back; to draw up; as, muscles retract after amputation.
Retract	To take back what has been said; to withdraw a concession or a declaration.
Retract	The pricking of a horse's foot in nailing on a shoe.
Retractable	Capable of being retracted; retractile.
Retractate	To retract; to recant.
Retractation	The act of retracting what has been said; recantation.
Retractible	Retractable.
Retractile	Capable of retraction; capable of being drawn back or up; as, the claws of a cat are retractile.
Retraction	The act of retracting, or drawing back; the state of being retracted; as, the retraction of a cat's claws.
Retraction	The act of withdrawing something advanced, stated, claimed, or done; declaration of change of opinion; recantation.
Retraction	The act of retracting or shortening; as, the retraction of a severed muscle; the retraction of a sinew.
Retraction	The state or condition of a part when drawn back, or towards the center of the body.
Retractive	Serving to retract; of the nature of a retraction.
Retractive	That which retracts, or withdraws.
Retractor	One who, or that which, retracts.
Retractor	In breech-loading firearms, a device for withdrawing a cartridge shell from the barrel.
Retractor	An instrument for holding apart the edges of a wound during amputation.
Retractor	A bandage to protect the soft parts from injury by the saw during amputation.
Retractor	A muscle serving to draw in any organ or part. See Illust. under Phylactolaemata.
Retraict	Retreat.
Retrait	A portrait; a likeness.
Retransform	To transform anew or back.
Retranslate	To translate anew; especially, to translate back into the original language.
Retraxit	The withdrawing, or open renunciation, of a suit in court by the plaintiff, by which he forever lost his right of action.
Retread	To tread again.
Retreat	The act of retiring or withdrawing one's self, especially from what is dangerous or disagreeable.
Retreat	The place to which anyone retires; a place or privacy or safety; a refuge; an asylum.
Retreat	The retiring of an army or body of men from the face of an enemy, or from any ground occupied to a greater distance from the enemy, or from an advanced position.
Retreat	The withdrawing of a ship or fleet from an enemy for the purpose of avoiding an engagement or escaping after defeat.
Retreat	A signal given in the army or navy, by the beat of a drum or the sounding of trumpet or bugle, at sunset (when the roll is called), or for retiring from action.
Retreat	A special season of solitude and silence to engage in religious exercises.
Retreat	A period of several days of withdrawal from society to a religious house for exclusive occupation in the duties of devotion; as, to appoint or observe a retreat.
Retreated	of Retreat
Retreating	of Retreat
Retreat	To make a retreat; to retire from any position or place; to withdraw; as, the defeated army retreated from the field.
Retreatful	Furnishing or serving as a retreat.
Retreatment	The act of retreating; specifically, the Hegira.
Retrenched	of Retrench
Retrenching	of Retrench
Retrench	To cut off; to pare away.
Retrench	To lessen; to abridge; to curtail; as, to retrench superfluities or expenses.
Retrench	To confine; to limit; to restrict.
Retrench	To furnish with a retrenchment; as, to retrench bastions.
Retrench	To cause or suffer retrenchment; specifically, to cut down living expenses; as, it is more reputable to retrench than to live embarrassed.
Retrenchment	The act or process of retrenching; as, the retrenchment of words in a writing.
Retrenchment	A work constructed within another, to prolong the defense of the position when the enemy has gained possession of the outer work; or to protect the defenders till they can retreat or obtain terms for a capitulation.
Retrial	A secdond trial, experiment, or test; a second judicial trial, as of an accused person.
Retribute	To pay back; to give in return, as payment, reward, or punishment; to requite; as, to retribute one for his kindness; to retribute just punishment to a criminal.
Retributer	One who makes retribution.
Retribution	The act of retributing; repayment.
Retribution	That which is given in repayment or compensation; return suitable to the merits or deserts of, as an action; commonly, condign punishment for evil or wrong.
Retribution	Specifically, reward and punishment, as distributed at the general judgment.
Retributive	Alt. of Retributory
Retributory	Of or pertaining to retribution; of the nature of retribution; involving retribution or repayment; as, retributive justice; retributory comforts.
Retrievable	That may be retrieved or recovered; admitting of retrieval.
Retrieval	The act retrieving.
Retrieved	of Retrieve
Retrieving	of Retrieve
Retrieve	To find again; to recover; to regain; to restore from loss or injury; as, to retrieve one's character; to retrieve independence.
Retrieve	To recall; to bring back.
Retrieve	To remedy the evil consequence of, to repair, as a loss or damadge.
Retrieve	To discover and bring in game that has been killed or wounded; as, a dog naturally inclined to retrieve.
Retrieve	A seeking again; a discovery.
Retrieve	The recovery of game once sprung; -- an old sporting term.
Retrievement	Retrieval.
Retriever	One who retrieves.
Retriever	A dor, or a breed of dogs, chiefly employed to retrieve, or to find and recover game birds that have been killed or wounded.
Retrim	To trim again.
Retriment	Refuse; dregs.
Retro-	A prefix or combining form signifying backward, back; as, retroact, to act backward; retrospect, a looking back.
Retroact	To act backward, or in return; to act in opposition; to be retrospective.
Retroaction	Action returned, or action backward.
Retroaction	Operation on something past or preceding.
Retroactive	Fitted or designed to retroact; operating by returned action; affecting what is past; retrospective.
Retroactively	In a retroactive manner.
Retrocede	To cede or grant back; as, to retrocede a territory to a former proprietor.
Retrocede	To go back.
Retrocedent	Disposed or likely to retrocede; -- said of diseases which go from one part of the body to another, as the gout.
Retrocession	The act of retroceding.
Retrocession	The state of being retroceded, or granted back.
Retrocession	Metastasis of an eruption or a tumor from the surface to the interior of the body.
Retrochoir	Any extension of a church behind the high altar, as a chapel; also, in an apsidal church, all the space beyond the line of the back or eastern face of the altar.
Retrocopulant	Copulating backward, or from behind.
Retrocopulation	Copulation from behind.
Retroduction	A leading or bringing back.
Retroflex	Alt. of Retroflexed
Retroflexed	Reflexed; bent or turned abruptly backward.
Retroflexion	The act of reflexing; the state of being retroflexed.  Cf. Retroversion.
Retrofract	Alt. of Retrofracted
Retrofracted	Refracted; as, a retrofract stem.
Retrogenerative	Begetting young by retrocopulation.
Retrogradation	The act of retrograding, or moving backward.
Retrogradation	The state of being retrograde; decline.
Retrograde	Apparently moving backward, and contrary to the succession of the signs, that is, from east to west, as a planet.
Retrograde	Tending or moving backward; having a backward course; contrary; as, a retrograde motion; -- opposed to progressive.
Retrograde	Declining from a better to a worse state; as, a retrograde people; retrograde ideas, morals, etc.
Retrograded	of Retrograde
Retrograding	of Retrograde
Retrograde	To go in a retrograde direction; to move, or appear to move, backward, as a planet.
Retrograde	Hence, to decline from a better to a worse condition, as in morals or intelligence.
Retrogradingly	By retrograding; so as to retrograde.
Retrogress	Retrogression.
Retrogression	The act of retrograding, or going backward; retrogradation.
Retrogression	Backward development; a passing from a higher to a lower state of organization or structure, as when an animal, approaching maturity, becomes less highly organized than would be expected from its earlier stages or known relationship. Called also retrograde development, and regressive metamorphism.
Retrogressive	Tending to retrograde; going or moving backward; declining from a better to a worse state.
Retrogressive	Passing from a higher to a lower condition; declining from a more perfect state of organization; regressive.
Retrogressively	In a retrogressive manner.
Retromingency	The quality or state of being retromingent.
Retromingent	Organized so as to discharge the urine backward.
Retromingent	An animal that discharges its urine backward.
Retropulsive	Driving back; repelling.
Retrorse	Bent backward or downward.
Retrospect	To look backward; hence, to affect or concern what is past.
Retrospect	A looking back on things past; view or contemplation of the past.
Retrospection	The act, or the faculty, of looking back on things past.
Retrospective	Looking backward; contemplating things past; -- opposed to prospective; as, a retrospective view.
Retrospective	Having reference to what is past; affecting things past; retroactive; as, a retrospective law.
Retrospectively	By way of retrospect.
Retrousse	Turned up; -- said of a pug nose.
Retrovaccination	The inoculation of a cow with human vaccine virus.
Retroversion	A turning or bending backward; also, the state of being turned or bent backward; displacement backwards; as, retroversion of the uterus.
Retroverted	of Retrovert
Retroverting	of Retrovert
Retrovert	To turn back.
Retroverted	In a state of retroversion.
Retruded	of Retrude
Retruding	of Retrude
Retrude	To thrust back.
Retruse	Abstruse.
Retrusion	The act of retruding, or the state of being retruded.
Retry	To try (esp. judicially) a second time; as, to retry a case; to retry an accused person.
Rette	See Aret.
Rettery	A place or establishment where flax is retted. See Ret.
Retting	The act or process of preparing flax for use by soaking, maceration, and kindred processes; -- also called rotting. See Ret.
Retting	A place where flax is retted; a rettery.
Retund	To blunt; to turn, as an edge; figuratively, to cause to be obtuse or dull; as, to retund confidence.
Re-turn	To turn again.
Returned	of Return
Returning	of Return
Return	To turn back; to go or come again to the same place or condition.
Return	To come back, or begin again, after an interval, regular or irregular; to appear again.
Return	To speak in answer; to reply; to respond.
Return	To revert; to pass back into possession.
Return	To go back in thought, narration, or argument.
Return	To bring, carry, send, or turn, back; as, to return a borrowed book, or a hired horse.
Return	To repay; as, to return borrowed money.
Return	To give in requital or recompense; to requite.
Return	To give back in reply; as, to return an answer; to return thanks.
Return	To retort; to throw back; as, to return the lie.
Return	To report, or bring back and make known.
Return	To render, as an account, usually an official account, to a superior; to report officially by a list or statement; as, to return a list of stores, of killed or wounded; to return the result of an election.
Return	Hence, to elect according to the official report of the election officers.
Return	To bring or send back to a tribunal, or to an office, with a certificate of what has been done; as, to return a writ.
Return	To convey into official custody, or to a general depository.
Return	To bat (the ball) back over the net.
Return	To lead in response to the lead of one's partner; as, to return a trump; to return a diamond for a club.
Return	The act of returning (intransitive), or coming back to the same place or condition; as, the return of one long absent; the return of health; the return of the seasons, or of an anniversary.
Return	The act of returning (transitive), or sending back to the same place or condition; restitution; repayment; requital; retribution; as, the return of anything borrowed, as a book or money; a good return in tennis.
Return	That which is returned.
Return	A payment; a remittance; a requital.
Return	An answer; as, a return to one's question.
Return	An account, or formal report, of an action performed, of a duty discharged, of facts or statistics, and the like; as, election returns; a return of the amount of goods produced or sold; especially, in the plural, a set of tabulated statistics prepared for general information.
Return	The profit on, or advantage received from, labor, or an investment, undertaking, adventure, etc.
Return	The continuation in a different direction, most often at a right angle, of a building, face of a building, or any member, as a molding or mold; -- applied to the shorter in contradistinction to the longer; thus, a facade of sixty feet east and west has a return of twenty feet north and south.
Return	The rendering back or delivery of writ, precept, or execution, to the proper officer or court.
Return	The certificate of an officer stating what he has done in execution of a writ, precept, etc., indorsed on the document.
Return	The sending back of a commission with the certificate of the commissioners.
Return	A day in bank. See Return day, below.
Return	An official account, report, or statement, rendered to the commander or other superior officer; as, the return of men fit for duty; the return of the number of the sick; the return of provisions, etc.
Return	The turnings and windings of a trench or mine.
Returnable	Capable of, or admitting of, being returned.
Returnable	Legally required to be returned, delivered, given, or rendered; as, a writ or precept returnable at a certain day; a verdict returnable to the court.
Returner	One who returns.
Returnless	Admitting no return.
Retuse	Having the end rounded and slightly indented; as, a retuse leaf.
Reule	Rule.
Reume	Realm.
Reunion	A second union; union formed anew after separation, secession, or discord; as, a reunion of parts or particles of matter; a reunion of parties or sects.
Reunion	An assembling of persons who have been separated, as of a family, or the members of a disbanded regiment; an assembly so composed.
Reunite	To unite again; to join after separation or variance.
Reunitedly	In a reunited manner.
Reunition	A second uniting.
Reurge	To urge again.
Revaccinate	To vaccinate a second time or again.
Revalescence	The act of growing well; the state of being revalescent.
Revalescent	Growing well; recovering strength.
Revaluation	A second or new valuation.
Revamp	To vamp again; hence, to patch up; to reconstruct.
Reve	To reave.
Reve	An officer, steward, or governor.
Revealed	of Reveal
Revealing	of Reveal
Reveal	To make known (that which has been concealed or kept secret); to unveil; to disclose; to show.
Reveal	Specifically, to communicate (that which could not be known or discovered without divine or supernatural instruction or agency).
Reveal	A revealing; a disclosure.
Reveal	The side of an opening for a window, doorway, or the like, between the door frame or window frame and the outer surface of the wall; or, where the opening is not filled with a door, etc., the whole thickness of the wall; the jamb.
Revealability	The quality or state of being revealable; revealableness.
Revealable	Capable of being revealed.
Revealer	One who, or that which, reveals.
Revealment	Act of revealing.
Revegetate	To vegetate anew.
Reveille	The beat of drum, or bugle blast, about break of day, to give notice that it is time for the soldiers to rise, and for the sentinels to forbear challenging.
Revel	See Reveal.
Revel	A feast with loose and noisy jollity; riotous festivity or merrymaking; a carousal.
Reveled	of Revel
Revelled	of Revel
Reveling	of Revel
Revelling	of Revel
Revel	To feast in a riotous manner; to carouse; to act the bacchanalian; to make merry.
Revel	To move playfully; to indulge without restraint.
Revel	To draw back; to retract.
Revelate	To reveal.
Revelation	The act of revealing, disclosing, or discovering to others what was before unknown to them.
Revelation	That which is revealed.
Revelation	The act of revealing divine truth.
Revelation	That which is revealed by God to man; esp., the Bible.
Revelation	Specifically, the last book of the sacred canon, containing the prophecies of St. John; the Apocalypse.
Revelator	One who makes a revelation; a revealer.
Reveler	One who revels.
Revellent	Causing revulsion; revulsive.
Revellent	A revulsive medicine.
Revelment	The act of reveling.
Revelous	Fond of festivity; given to merrymaking or reveling.
Revel-rout	Tumultuous festivity; revelry.
Revel-rout	A rabble; a riotous assembly; a mob.
Revelry	The act of engaging in a revel; noisy festivity; reveling.
Revendicated	of Revendicate
Revendicating	of Revendicate
Revendicate	To reclaim; to demand the restoration of.
Revendication	The act of revendicating.
Revenged	of Revenge
Revenging	of Revenge
Revenge	To inflict harm in return for, as an injury, insult, etc.; to exact satisfaction for, under a sense of injury; to avenge; -- followed either by the wrong received, or by the person or thing wronged, as the object, or by the reciprocal pronoun as direct object, and a preposition before the wrong done or the wrongdoer.
Revenge	To inflict injury for, in a spiteful, wrong, or malignant spirit; to wreak vengeance for maliciously.
Revenge	To take vengeance; -- with
Revenge	The act of revenging; vengeance; retaliation; a returning of evil for evil.
Revenge	The disposition to revenge; a malignant wishing of evil to one who has done us an injury.
Revengeable	Capable of being revenged; as, revengeable wrong.
Revengeance	Vengeance; revenge.
Revengeful	Full of, or prone to, revenge; vindictive; malicious; revenging; wreaking revenge.
Revengeless	Unrevenged.
Revengement	Revenge.
Revenger	One who revenges.
Revenging	Executing revenge; revengeful.
Revenue	That which returns, or comes back, from an investment; the annual rents, profits, interest, or issues of any species of property, real or personal; income.
Revenue	Hence, return; reward; as, a revenue of praise.
Revenue	The annual yield of taxes, excise, customs, duties, rents, etc., which a nation, state, or municipality collects and receives into the treasury for public use.
Reverb	To echo.
Reverberant	Having the quality of reverberation; reverberating.
Reverberate	Reverberant.
Reverberate	Driven back, as sound; reflected.
Reverberated	of Reverberate
Reverberating	of Reverberate
Reverberate	To return or send back; to repel or drive back; to echo, as sound; to reflect, as light, as light or heat.
Reverberate	To send or force back; to repel from side to side; as, flame is reverberated in a furnace.
Reverberate	Hence, to fuse by reverberated heat.
Reverberate	To resound; to echo.
Reverberate	To be driven back; to be reflected or repelled, as rays of light; to be echoed, as sound.
Reverberation	The act of reverberating; especially, the act of reflecting light or heat, or reechoing sound; as, the reverberation of rays from a mirror; the reverberation of rays from a mirror; the reverberation of voices; the reverberation of heat or flame in a furnace.
Reverberative	Of the nature of reverberation; tending to reverberate; reflective.
Reverberator	One who, or that which, produces reverberation.
Reverberatory	Producing reverberation; acting by reverberation; reverberative.
Reverberatory	A reverberatory furnace.
Reverdure	To cover again with verdure.
Revered	of Revere
Revering	of Revere
Revere	To regard with reverence, or profound respect and affection, mingled with awe or fear; to venerate; to reverence; to honor in estimation.
Reverence	Profound respect and esteem mingled with fear and affection, as for a holy being or place; the disposition to revere; veneration.
Reverence	The act of revering; a token of respect or veneration; an obeisance.
Reverence	That which deserves or exacts manifestations of reverence; reverend character; dignity; state.
Reverence	A person entitled to be revered; -- a title applied to priests or other ministers with the pronouns his or your; sometimes poetically to a father.
Reverenced	of Reverence
Reverencing	of Reverence
Reverence	To regard or treat with reverence; to regard with respect and affection mingled with fear; to venerate.
Reverencer	One who regards with reverence.
Reverend	Worthy of reverence; entitled to respect mingled with fear and affection; venerable.
Reverendly	Reverently.
Reverent	Disposed to revere; impressed with reverence; submissive; humble; respectful; as, reverent disciples.
Reverent	Expressing reverence, veneration, devotion, or submission; as, reverent words; reverent behavior.
Reverential	Proceeding from, or expressing, reverence; having a reverent quality; reverent; as, reverential fear or awe.
Reverentially	In a reverential manner.
Reverently	In a reverent manner; in respectful regard.
Reverer	One who reveres.
Reveries	of Revery
Reverie	Alt. of Revery
Revery	A loose or irregular train of thought occurring in musing or mediation; deep musing; daydream.
Revery	An extravagant conceit of the fancy; a vision.
Reversal	Intended to reverse; implying reversal.
Reversal	The act of reversing; the causing to move or face in an opposite direction, or to stand or lie in an inverted position; as, the reversal of a rotating wheel; the reversal of objects by a convex lens.
Reversal	A change or overthrowing; as, the reversal of a judgment, which amounts to an official declaration that it is false; the reversal of an attainder, or of an outlawry, by which the sentence is rendered void.
Reverse	Turned backward; having a contrary or opposite direction; hence; opposite or contrary in kind; as, the reverse order or method.
Reverse	Turned upside down; greatly disturbed.
Reverse	Reversed; as, a reverse shell.
Reverse	That which appears or is presented when anything, as a lance, a line, a course of conduct, etc., is reverted or turned contrary to its natural direction.
Reverse	That which is directly opposite or contrary to something else; a contrary; an opposite.
Reverse	The act of reversing; complete change; reversal; hence, total change in circumstances or character; especially, a change from better to worse; misfortune; a check or defeat; as, the enemy met with a reverse.
Reverse	The back side; as, the reverse of a drum or trench; the reverse of a medal or coin, that is, the side opposite to the obverse. See Obverse.
Reverse	A thrust in fencing made with a backward turn of the hand; a backhanded stroke.
Reverse	A turn or fold made in bandaging, by which the direction of the bandage is changed.
Reversed	of Reverse
Reversing	of Reverse
Reverse	To turn back; to cause to face in a contrary direction; to cause to depart.
Reverse	To cause to return; to recall.
Reverse	To change totally; to alter to the opposite.
Reverse	To turn upside down; to invert.
Reverse	Hence, to overthrow; to subvert.
Reverse	To overthrow by a contrary decision; to make void; to under or annual for error; as, to reverse a judgment, sentence, or decree.
Reverse	To return; to revert.
Reverse	To become or be reversed.
Reversed	Turned side for side, or end for end; changed to the contrary; specifically (Bot. & Zool.), sinistrorse or sinistral; as, a reversed, or sinistral, spiral or shell.
Reversed	Annulled and the contrary substituted; as, a reversed judgment or decree.
Reversedly	In a reversed way.
Reverseless	Irreversible.
Reversely	In a reverse manner; on the other hand; on the opposite.
Reverser	One who reverses.
Reversibility	The quality of being reversible.
Reversible	Capable of being reversed; as, a chair or seat having a reversible back; a reversible judgment or sentence.
Reversible	Hence, having a pattern or finished surface on both sides, so that either may be used; -- said of fabrics.
Reversibly	In a reversible manner.
Reversing	Serving to effect reversal, as of motion; capable of being reversed.
Reversion	The act of returning, or coming back; return.
Reversion	That which reverts or returns; residue.
Reversion	The returning of an esttate to the grantor or his heirs, by operation of law, after the grant has terminated; hence, the residue of an estate left in the proprietor or owner thereof, to take effect in possession, by operation of law, after the termination of a limited or less estate carved out of it and conveyed by him.
Reversion	Hence, a right to future possession or enjoiment; succession.
Reversion	A payment which is not to be received, or a benefit which does not begin, until the happening of some event, as the death of a living person.
Reversion	A return towards some ancestral type or character; atavism.
Reversionary	Of or pertaining to a reversion; involving a reversion; to be enjoyed in succession, or after the termination of a particular estate; as, a reversionary interest or right.
Reversionary	That which is to be received in reversion.
Reversioner	One who has a reversion, or who is entitled to lands or tenements, after a particular estate granted is terminated.
Reversis	A certain game at cards.
Reverted	of Revert
Reverting	of Revert
Revert	To turn back, or to the contrary; to reverse.
Revert	To throw back; to reflect; to reverberate.
Revert	To change back. See Revert, v. i.
Revert	To return; to come back.
Revert	To return to the proprietor after the termination of a particular estate granted by him.
Revert	To return, wholly or in part, towards some preexistent form; to take on the traits or characters of an ancestral type.
Revert	To change back, as from a soluble to an insoluble state or the reverse; thus, phosphoric acid in certain fertilizers reverts.
Revert	One who, or that which, reverts.
Reverted	Turned back; reversed. Specifically: (Her.) Bent or curved twice, in opposite directions, or in the form of an S.
Revertent	A remedy which restores the natural order of the inverted irritative motions in the animal system.
Reverter	One who, or that which, reverts.
Reverter	Reversion.
Revertible	Capable of, or admitting of, reverting or being reverted; as, a revertible estate.
Revertive	Reverting, or tending to revert; returning.
Revery	Same as Reverie.
Revest	To clothe again; to cover, as with a robe; to robe.
Revest	To vest again with possession or office; as, to revest a magistrate with authority.
Revest	To take effect or vest again, as a title; to revert to former owner; as, the title or right revests in A after alienation.
Revestiary	The apartment, in a church or temple, where the vestments, etc., are kept; -- now contracted into vestry.
Revestry	Same as Revestiary.
Revestture	Vesture.
Revetted	of Revet
Revetting	of Revet
Revet	To face, as an embankment, with masonry, wood, or other material.
Revetment	A facing of wood, stone, or any other material, to sustain an embankment when it receives a slope steeper than the natural slope; also, a retaining wall.
Revibrate	To vibrate back or in return.
Revict	To reconquer.
Reviction	Return to life.
Revictual	To victual again.
Revie	To vie with, or rival, in return.
Revie	To meet a wager on, as on the taking of a trick, with a higher wager.
Revie	To exceed an adversary's wager in card playing.
Revie	To make a retort; to bandy words.
Review/d	of Review
Reveiwing	of Review
Review	To view or see again; to look back on.
Review	To go over and examine critically or deliberately.
Review	To reconsider; to revise, as a manuscript before printing it, or a book for a new edition.
Review	To go over with critical examination, in order to discover exellences or defects; hence, to write a critical notice of; as, to review a new novel.
Review	To make a formal or official examination of the state of, as troops, and the like; as, to review a regiment.
Review	To reexamine judically; as, a higher court may review the proceedings and judgments of a lower one.
Review	To retrace; to go over again.
Review	To look back; to make a review.
Review	A second or repeated view; a reexamination; a retrospective survey; a looking over again; as, a review of one's studies; a review of life.
Review	An examination with a view to amendment or improvement; revision; as, an author's review of his works.
Review	A critical examination of a publication, with remarks; a criticism; a critique.
Review	A periodical containing critical essays upon matters of interest, as new productions in literature, art, etc.
Review	An inspection, as of troops under arms or of a naval force, by a high officer, for the purpose of ascertaining the state of discipline, equipments, etc.
Review	The judicial examination of the proceedings of a lower court by a higher.
Review	A lesson studied or recited for a second time.
Reviewable	Capable of being reviewed.
Reviewal	A review.
Reviewer	One who reviews or reexamines; an inspector; one who examines publications critically, and publishes his opinion upon their merits; a professional critic of books.
Revigorate	Having new vigor or strength; invigorated anew.
Revigorate	To give new vigor to.
Reviled	of Revile
Reviling	of Revile
Revile	To address or abuse with opprobrious and contemptuous language; to reproach.
Revile	Reproach; reviling.
Revilement	The act of reviling; also, contemptuous language; reproach; abuse.
Reviler	One who reviles.
Reviling	Reproach; abuse; vilification.
Reviling	Uttering reproaches; containing reproaches.
Revince	To overcome; to refute, as error.
Revindicate	To vindicate again; to reclaim; to demand and take back.
Revirescence	A growing green or fresh again; renewal of youth or vigor.
Revisable	That may be revised.
Revisal	The act of revising, or reviewing and reexamining for correction and improvement; revision; as, the revisal of a manuscript; the revisal of a proof sheet; the revisal of a treaty.
Revised	of Revise
Revising	of Revise
Revise	To look at again for the detection of errors; to reexamine; to review; to look over with care for correction; as, to revise a writing; to revise a translation.
Revise	To compare (a proof) with a previous proof of the same matter, and mark again such errors as have not been corrected in the type.
Revise	To review, alter, and amend; as, to revise statutes; to revise an agreement; to revise a dictionary.
Revise	A review; a revision.
Revise	A second proof sheet; a proof sheet taken after the first or a subsequent correction.
Reviser	One who revises.
Revision	The act of revising; reexamination for correction; review; as, the revision of a book or writing, or of a proof sheet; a revision of statutes.
Revision	That which is made by revising.
Revisional	Alt. of Revisionary
Revisionary	Of or pertaining to revision; revisory.
Revisit	To visit again.
Revisit	To revise.
Revisitation	The act of revisiting.
Revisory	Having the power or purpose to revise; revising.
Revitalize	To restore vitality to; to bring back to life.
Revivable	That may be revived.
Revival	The act of reviving, or the state of being revived.
Revival	Renewed attention to something, as to letters or literature.
Revival	Renewed performance of, or interest in, something, as the drama and literature.
Revival	Renewed interest in religion, after indifference and decline; a period of religious awakening; special religious interest.
Revival	Reanimation from a state of langour or depression; -- applied to the health, spirits, and the like.
Revival	Renewed pursuit, or cultivation, or flourishing state of something, as of commerce, arts, agriculture.
Revival	Renewed prevalence of something, as a practice or a fashion.
Revival	Restoration of force, validity, or effect; renewal; as, the revival of a debt barred by limitation; the revival of a revoked will, etc.
Revival	Revivification, as of a metal. See Revivification, 2.
Revivalism	The spirit of religious revivals; the methods of revivalists.
Revivalist	A clergyman or layman who promotes revivals of religion; an advocate for religious revivals; sometimes, specifically, a clergyman, without a particular charge, who goes about to promote revivals. Also used adjectively.
Revivalistic	Pertaining to revivals.
Revived	of Revive
Reviving	of Revive
Revive	To return to life; to recover life or strength; to live anew; to become reanimated or reinvigorated.
Revive	Hence, to recover from a state of oblivion, obscurity, neglect, or depression; as, classical learning revived in the fifteenth century.
Revive	To recover its natural or metallic state, as a metal.
Revive	To restore, or bring again to life; to reanimate.
Revive	To raise from coma, languor, depression, or discouragement; to bring into action after a suspension.
Revive	Hence, to recover from a state of neglect or disuse; as, to revive letters or learning.
Revive	To renew in the mind or memory; to bring to recollection; to recall attention to; to reawaken.
Revive	To restore or reduce to its natural or metallic state; as, to revive a metal after calcination.
Revivement	Revival.
Reviver	One who, or that which, revives.
Revivificate	To revive; to recall or restore to life.
Revivification	Renewal of life; restoration of life; the act of recalling, or the state of being recalled, to life.
Revivification	The reduction of a metal from a state of combination to its metallic state.
Revivify	To cause to revive.
Reviving	Returning or restoring to life or vigor; reanimating.
Reviviscence	Alt. of Reviviscency
Reviviscency	The act of reviving, or the state of being revived; renewal of life.
Reviviscent	Able or disposed to revive; reviving.
Revivor	Revival of a suit which is abated by the death or marriage of any of the parties, -- done by a bill of revivor.
Revocability	The quality of being revocable; as, the revocability of a law.
Revocable	Capable of being revoked; as, a revocable edict or grant; a revocable covenant.
Revocate	To recall; to call back.
Revocation	The act of calling back, or the state of being recalled; recall.
Revocation	The act by which one, having the right, annuls an act done, a power or authority given, or a license, gift, or benefit conferred; repeal; reversal; as, the revocation of an edict, a power, a will, or a license.
Revocatory	Of or pertaining to revocation; tending to, or involving, a revocation; revoking; recalling.
Revoice	To refurnish with a voice; to refit, as an organ pipe, so as to restore its tone.
Revoked	of Revoke
Revoking	of Revoke
Revoke	To call or bring back; to recall.
Revoke	Hence, to annul, by recalling or taking back; to repeal; to rescind; to cancel; to reverse, as anything granted by a special act; as, , to revoke a will, a license, a grant, a permission, a law, or the like.
Revoke	To hold back; to repress; to restrain.
Revoke	To draw back; to withdraw.
Revoke	To call back to mind; to recollect.
Revoke	To fail to follow suit when holding a card of the suit led, in violation of the rule of the game; to renege.
Revoke	The act of revoking.
Revokement	Revocation.
Revoker	One who revokes.
Revokingly	By way of revocation.
Revolted	of Revolt
Revolting	of Revolt
Revolt	To turn away; to abandon or reject something; specifically, to turn away, or shrink, with abhorrence.
Revolt	Hence, to be faithless; to desert one party or leader for another; especially, to renounce allegiance or subjection; to rise against a government; to rebel.
Revolt	To be disgusted, shocked, or grossly offended; hence, to feel nausea; -- with at; as, the stomach revolts at such food; his nature revolts at cruelty.
Revolt	To cause to turn back; to roll or drive back; to put to flight.
Revolt	To do violence to; to cause to turn away or shrink with abhorrence; to shock; as, to revolt the feelings.
Revolt	The act of revolting; an uprising against legitimate authority; especially, a renunciation of allegiance and subjection to a government; rebellion; as, the revolt of a province of the Roman empire.
Revolt	A revolter.
Revolter	One who revolts.
Revolting	Causing abhorrence mixed with disgust; exciting extreme repugnance; loathsome; as, revolting cruelty.
Revoluble	Capable of revolving; rotatory; revolving.
Revolute	Rolled backward or downward.
Revolution	The act of revolving, or turning round on an axis or a center; the motion of a body round a fixed point or line; rotation; as, the revolution of a wheel, of a top, of the earth on its axis, etc.
Revolution	Return to a point before occupied, or to a point relatively the same; a rolling back; return; as, revolution in an ellipse or spiral.
Revolution	The space measured by the regular return of a revolving body; the period made by the regular recurrence of a measure of time, or by a succession of similar events.
Revolution	The motion of any body, as a planet or satellite, in a curved line or orbit, until it returns to the same point again, or to a point relatively the same; -- designated as the annual, anomalistic, nodical, sidereal, or tropical revolution, according as the point of return or completion has a fixed relation to the year, the anomaly, the nodes, the stars, or the tropics; as, the revolution of the earth about the sun; the revolution of the moon about the earth.
Revolution	The motion of a point, line, or surface about a point or line as its center or axis, in such a manner that a moving point generates a curve, a moving line a surface (called a surface of revolution), and a moving surface a solid (called a solid of revolution); as, the revolution of a right-angled triangle about one of its sides generates a cone; the revolution of a semicircle about the diameter generates a sphere.
Revolution	A total or radical change; as, a revolution in one's circumstances or way of living.
Revolution	A fundamental change in political organization, or in a government or constitution; the overthrow or renunciation of one government, and the substitution of another, by the governed.
Revolutionary	Of or pertaining to a revolution in government; tending to, or promoting, revolution; as, revolutionary war; revolutionary measures; revolutionary agitators.
Revolutionary	A revolutionist.
Revolutioner	One who is engaged in effecting a revolution; a revolutionist.
Revolutionism	The state of being in revolution; revolutionary doctrines or principles.
Revolutionist	One engaged in effecting a change of government; a favorer of revolution.
Revolutioniezed	of Revolutionize
Revolutionizing	of Revolutionize
Revolutionize	To change completely, as by a revolution; as, to revolutionize a government.
Revolutive	Inclined to revolve things in the mind; meditative.
Revolvable	That may be revolved.
Revolved	of Revolve
Revolving	of Revolve
Revolve	To turn or roll round on, or as on, an axis, like a wheel; to rotate, -- which is the more specific word in this sense.
Revolve	To move in a curved path round a center; as, the planets revolve round the sun.
Revolve	To pass in cycles; as, the centuries revolve.
Revolve	To return; to pass.
Revolve	To cause to turn, as on an axis.
Revolve	Hence, to turn over and over in the mind; to reflect repeatedly upon; to consider all aspects of.
Revolvement	Act of revolving.
Revolvency	The act or state of revolving; revolution.
Revolver	One who, or that which, revolves; specifically, a firearm ( commonly a pistol) with several chambers or barrels so arranged as to revolve on an axis, and be discharged in succession by the same lock; a repeater.
Revolving	Making a revolution or revolutions; rotating; -- used also figuratively of time, seasons, etc., depending on the revolution of the earth.
Revulse	To pull back with force.
Revulsion	A strong pulling or drawing back; withdrawal.
Revulsion	A sudden reaction; a sudden and complete change; -- applied to the feelings.
Revulsion	The act of turning or diverting any disease from one part of the body to another. It resembles derivation, but is usually applied to a more active form of counter irritation.
Revulsive	Causing, or tending to, revulsion.
Revulsive	That which causes revulsion; specifically (Med.), a revulsive remedy or agent.
Rew	A row.
Rewake	To wake again.
Rewarded	of Reward
Rewarding	of Reward
Reward	To give in return, whether good or evil; -- commonly in a good sense; to requite; to recompense; to repay; to compensate.
Reward	Regard; respect; consideration.
Reward	That which is given in return for good or evil done or received; esp., that which is offered or given in return for some service or attainment, as for excellence in studies, for the return of something lost, etc.; recompense; requital.
Reward	Hence, the fruit of one's labor or works.
Reward	Compensation or remuneration for services; a sum of money paid or taken for doing, or forbearing to do, some act.
Rewardable	Worthy of reward.
Rewarder	One who rewards.
Rewardful	Yielding reward.
Rewardless	Having, or affording, no reward.
Rewe	To rue.
Rewel bone	An obsolete phrase of disputed meaning, -- perhaps, smooth or polished bone.
Rewet	A gunlock.
Rewful	Rueful.
Rewin	To win again, or win back.
Rewle	Rule.
Rewme	Realm.
Reword	To repeat in the same words; to reecho.
Reword	To alter the wording of; to restate in other words; as, to reword an idea or a passage.
Rewrite	To write again.
Rewth	Ruth.
Reges	of Rex
Rex	A king.
Reyn	Rain or rein.
Reynard	An appelation applied after the manner of a proper name to the fox. Same as Renard.
Reyse	To raise.
Reyse	To go on a military expedition.
Rhabarbarate	Impregnated or tinctured with rhubarb.
Rhabarbarin	Alt. of Rhabarbarine
Rhabarbarine	Chrysophanic acid.
Rhabdite	A minute smooth rodlike or fusiform structure found in the tissues of many Turbellaria.
Rhabdite	One of the hard parts forming the ovipositor of insects.
Rhabdocoela	A suborder of Turbellaria including those that have a simple cylindrical, or saclike, stomach, without an intestine.
Rhabdocoelous	Of or pertaining to the Rhabdocoela.
Rhabdoidal	See Sagittal.
Rhabdolith	A minute calcareous rodlike structure found both at the surface and the bottom of the ocean; -- supposed by some to be a calcareous alga.
Rhabdology	Same as Rabdology.
Rhabdom	One of numerous minute rodlike structures formed of two or more cells situated behind the retinulae in the compound eyes of insects, etc. See Illust. under Ommatidium.
Rhabdomancy	Same as Rabdomancy.
Rhabdomere	One of the several parts composing a rhabdom.
Rhabdophora	An extinct division of Hydrozoa which includes the graptolities.
Rhabdopleura	A genus of marine Bryozoa in which the tubular cells have a centralchitinous axis and the tentacles are borne on a bilobed lophophore. It is the type of the order Pterobranchia, or Podostomata
Rhabdosphere	A minute sphere composed of rhabdoliths.
Rhachialgia	See Rachialgia.
Rhachidian	Of or pertaining to the rhachis; as, the rhachidian teeth of a mollusk.
Rhachiglossa	A division of marine gastropods having a retractile proboscis and three longitudinal rows of teeth on the radula. It includes many of the large ornamental shells, as the miters, murices, olives, purpuras, volutes, and whelks. See Illust. in Append.
Rhachilla	A branch of inflorescence; the zigzag axis on which the florets are arranged in the spikelets of grasses.
Rhachiodont	Having gular teeth formed by a peculiar modification of the inferior spines of some of the vertebrae, as certain South African snakes (Dasypeltis) which swallow birds' eggs and use these gular teeth to crush them.
Rhachises	of Rhachis
Rhachides	of Rhachis
Rhachis	The spine.
Rhachis	The continued stem or midrib of a pinnately compound leaf, as in a rose leaf or a fern.
Rhachis	The principal axis in a raceme, spike, panicle, or corymb.
Rhachis	The shaft of a feather. The rhachis of the after-shaft, or plumule, is called the hyporhachis.
Rhachis	The central cord in the stem of a crinoid.
Rhachis	The median part of the radula of a mollusk.
Rhachis	A central cord of the ovary of nematodes.
Rhachitis	See Rachitis.
Rhadamanthine	Of or pertaining to Rhadamanthus; rigorously just; as, a Rhadamanthine judgment.
Rhadamanthus	One of the three judges of the infernal regions; figuratively, a strictly just judge.
Rh/tian	Rhetain.
Rh/tic	Pertaining to, or of the same horizon as, certain Mesozoic strata of the Rhetian Alps. These strata are regarded as closing the Triassic period. See the Chart of Geology.
Rh/tizite	A variety of the mineral cyanite.
Rhamadan	See Ramadan.
Rhamnaceous	Of or pertaining to a natural order of shrubs and trees (Rhamnaceae, or Rhamneae) of which the buckthorn (Rhamnus) is the type. It includes also the New Jersey tea, the supple-jack, and one of the plants called lotus (Zizyphus).
Rhamnus	A genus of shrubs and small trees; buckthorn. The California Rhamnus Purshianus and the European R. catharticus are used in medicine. The latter is used for hedges.
Rhamphorhynchus	A genus of pterodactyls in which the elongated tail supported a leathery expansion at the tip.
Rhamphothecae	of Rhamphotheca
Rhamphotheca	The horny covering of the bill of birds.
Rhaphe	The continuation of the seed stalk along the side of an anatropous ovule or seed, forming a ridge or seam.
Rhaphides	Minute transparent, often needle-shaped, crystals found in the tissues of plants.
Rhaponticine	Chrysophanic acid.
Rhapsode	A rhapsodist.
Rhapsoder	A rhapsodist.
Rhapsodic	Alt. of Rhapsodic
Rhapsodic	Of or pertaining to rhapsody; consisting of rhapsody; hence, confused; unconnected.
Rhapsodist	Anciently, one who recited or composed a rhapsody; especially, one whose profession was to recite the verses of Hormer and other epic poets.
Rhapsodist	Hence, one who recites or sings poems for a livelihood; one who makes and repeats verses extempore.
Rhapsodist	One who writes or speaks disconnectedly and with great excitement or affectation of feeling.
Rhapsodized	of Rhapsodize
Rhapsodizing	of Rhapsodize
Rhapsodize	To utter as a rhapsody, or in the manner of a rhapsody
Rhapsodize	To utter rhapsodies.
Rhapsodomancy	Divination by means of verses.
Rhapsodies	of Rhapsody
Rhapsody	A recitation or song of a rhapsodist; a portion of an epic poem adapted for recitation, or usually recited, at one time; hence, a division of the Iliad or the Odyssey; -- called also a book.
Rhapsody	A disconnected series of sentences or statements composed under excitement, and without dependence or natural connection; rambling composition.
Rhapsody	A composition irregular in form, like an improvisation; as, Liszt's "Hungarian Rhapsodies."
Rhatany	Alt. of Rhatanhy
Rhatanhy	The powerfully astringent root of a half-shrubby Peruvian plant (Krameria triandra). It is used in medicine and to color port wine.
Rhea	The ramie or grass-cloth plant. See Grass-cloth plant, under Grass.
Rhea	Any one of three species of large South American ostrichlike birds of the genera Rhea and Pterocnemia. Called also the American ostrich.
Rheae	A suborder of struthious birds including the rheas.
Rheeboc	The peele.
Rheic	Pertaining to, or designating, an acid (commonly called chrysophanic acid) found in rhubarb (Rheum).
Rhein	Chrysophanic acid.
Rheinberry	One of the berries or drupes of the European buckthorn; also, the buckthorn itself.
Rhematic	Having a verb for its base; derived from a verb; as, rhematic adjectives.
Rhematic	The doctrine of propositions or sentences.
Rhemish	Of or pertaining to Rheimis, or Reima, in France.
Rhenish	Of or pertaining to the river Rhine; as, Rhenish wine.
Rhenish	Rhine wine.
Rheochord	A metallic wire used for regulating the resistance of a circuit, or varying the strength of an electric current, by inserting a greater or less length of it in the circuit.
Rheometer	An instrument for measuring currents, especially the force or intensity of electrical currents; a galvanometer.
Rheometer	An instrument for measuring the velocity of the blood current in the arteries.
Rheometric	Of or pertaining to a rheometer or rheometry.
Rheometry	The measurement of the force or intensity of currents.
Rheometry	The calculus; fluxions.
Rheomotor	Any apparatus by which an electrical current is originated.
Rheophore	A connecting wire of an electric or voltaic apparatus, traversed by a current.
Rheophore	One of the poles of a voltaic battery; an electrode.
Rheoscope	An instrument for detecting the presence or movement of currents, as of electricity.
Rheostat	A contrivance for adjusting or regulating the strength of electrical currents, operating usually by the intercalation of resistance which can be varied at will.
Rheotome	An instrument which periodically or otherwise interrupts an electric current.
Rheotrope	An instrument for reversing the direction of an electric current.
Rhesus	A monkey; the bhunder.
Rhetian	Pertaining to the ancient Rhaeti, or Rhaetians, or to Rhaetia, their country; as, the Rhetian Alps, now the country of Tyrol and the Grisons.
Rhetic	Same as Rhaetic.
Rhetizite	Same as Rhaetizite.
Rhetor	A rhetorician.
Rhetoric	The art of composition; especially, elegant composition in prose.
Rhetoric	Oratory; the art of speaking with propriety, elegance, and force.
Rhetoric	Hence, artificial eloquence; fine language or declamation without conviction or earnest feeling.
Rhetoric	Fig. : The power of persuasion or attraction; that which allures or charms.
Rhetorical	Of or pertaining to rhetoric; according to, or exhibiting, rhetoric; oratorical; as, the rhetorical art; a rhetorical treatise; a rhetorical flourish.
Rhetoricate	To play the orator.
Rhetorication	Rhetorical amplification.
Rhetorician	One well versed in the rules and principles of rhetoric.
Rhetorician	A teacher of rhetoric.
Rhetorician	An orator; specifically, an artificial orator without genuine eloquence; a declaimer.
Rhetorician	Suitable to a master of rhetoric.
Rhetorized	of Rhetorize
Rhetorizing	of Rhetorize
Rhetorize	To play the orator.
Rhetorize	To represent by a figure of rhetoric, or by personification.
Rheum	A genus of plants. See Rhubarb.
Rheum	A serous or mucous discharge, especially one from the eves or nose.
Rheumatic	Derived from, or having the character of, rheum; rheumic.
Rheumatic	Of or pertaining to rheumatism; as, rheumatic pains or affections; affected with rheumatism; as, a rheumatic old man; causing rheumatism; as, a rheumatic day.
Rheumatic	One affected with rheumatism.
Rheumatism	A general disease characterized by painful, often multiple, local inflammations, usually affecting the joints and muscles, but also extending sometimes to the deeper organs, as the heart.
Rheumatismal	Of or pertaining to rheumatism.
Rheumatismoid	Of or resembling rheum or rheumatism.
Rheumic	Pertaining to, or characterized by, rheum.
Rheumides	The class of skin disease developed by the dartrous diathesis. See under Dartrous.
Rheumy	Of or pertaining to rheum; abounding in, or causing, rheum; affected with rheum.
Rhigolene	A mixture of volatile hydrocarbons intermediate between gsolene and cymogene. It is obtained in the purification of crude petroleum, and is used as a refregerant.
Rhime	See Rhyme.
Rhinal	Og or pertaining to the nose or olfactory organs.
Rhinaster	The borele.
Rhine	A water course; a ditch.
Rhinencephalic	Of or pertaining to the rhinencephalon.
Rhinencephala	of Rhinencephalon
Rhinencephalon	The division of the brain in front of the prosencephalon, consisting of the two olfactory lobes from which the olfactory nerves arise.
Rhinestone	A colorless stone of high luster, made of paste. It is much used as an inexpensive ornament.
Rhinitis	Infllammation of the nose; esp., inflammation of the mucous membrane of the nostrils.
Rhino	Gold and silver, or money.
Rhino-	A combining form from Greek //, ///, the nose, as in rhinolith, rhinology.
Rhinocerial	Alt. of Rhinocerical
Rhinocerical	Of or pertaining to the rhinoceros; resembling the rhinoceros, or his horn.
Rhinoceros	Any pachyderm belonging to the genera Rhinoceros, Atelodus, and several allied genera of the family Rhinocerotidae, of which several living, and many extinct, species are known. They are large and powerful, and usually have either one or two stout conical median horns on the snout.
Rhinocerote	A rhinoceros.
Rhinocerotic	Of or pertaining to the rhinoceros.
Rhinolite	Alt. of Rhinolith
Rhinolith	A concretion formed within the cavities of the nose.
Rhinological	Of or pertaining to rhinology.
Rhinologist	One skilled in rhinology.
Rhinology	The science which treats of the nose, and its diseases.
Rhinolophid	Any species of the genus Rhinilophus, or family Rhinolophidae, having a horseshoe-shaped nasal crest; a horseshoe bat.
Rhinolophine	Like or pertaining to the rhinolophids, or horseshoe bats.
Rhinophore	One of the two tentacle-like organs on the back of the head or neck of a nudibranch or tectibranch mollusk. They are usually retractile, and often transversely furrowed or plicate, and are regarded as olfactory organs. Called also dorsal tentacles. See Illust.  under Pygobranchia, and Opisthobranchia.
Rhinoplastic	Of or pertaining to rhinoplasty; as, a rhinoplastic operation.
Rhinoplasty	Plastic surgery of the nose to correct deformity or to replace lost tissue. Tissue may be transplanted from the patient's cheek, forehead, arm, etc., or even from another person.
Rhinopome	Any old-world bat of the genus Rhinopoma. The rhinopomes have a long tail extending beyond the web, and inhabit caves and tombs.
Rhinoscleroma	A rare disease of the skin, characterized by the development of very hard, more or less flattened, prominences, appearing first upon the nose and subsequently upon the neighboring parts, esp. the lips, palate, and throat.
Rhinoscope	A small mirror for use in rhinoscopy.
Rhinoscopic	Of or pertaining to rhinoscopy.
Rhinoscopy	The examination or study of the soft palate, posterior nares, etc., by means of a laryngoscopic mirror introduced into the pharynx.
Rhinothecae	of Rhinotheca
Rhinotheca	The sheath of the upper mandible of a bird.
Rhipidoglossa	A division of gastropod mollusks having a large number of long, divergent, hooklike, lingual teeth in each transverse row. It includes the scutibranchs. See Illustration in Appendix.
Rhipipter	One of the Rhipiptera, a group of insects having wings which fold like a fan; a strepsipter.
Rhipipteran	Same as Rhipipter.
Rhizanthous	Producing flowers from a rootstock, or apparently from a root.
Rhizine	A rootlike filament or hair growing from the stems of mosses or on lichens; a rhizoid.
Rhizocarpous	Having perennial rootstocks or bulbs, but annual flowering stems; -- said of all perennial herbs.
Rhizocephala	A division of Pectostraca including saclike parasites of Crustacea. They adhere by rootlike extensions of the head. See Illusration in Appendix.
Rhizodont	A reptile whose teeth are rooted in sockets, as the crocodile.
Rhizogan	Prodicing roots.
Rhizogen	One of a proposed class of flowering plants growning on the roots of other plants and destitute of green foliage.
Rhizoid	A rootlike appendage.
Rhizomata	of Rhizoma
Rhizoma	SAme as Rhizome.
Rhizomatous	Having the nature or habit of a rhizome or rootstock.
Rhizome	A rootstock. See Rootstock.
Rhizophaga	A division of marsupials. The wombat is the type.
Rhizophagous	Feeding on roots; root-eating.
Rhizophora	A genus of trees including the mangrove. See Mangrove.
Rhizophorous	Bearing roots.
Rhizopod	One of the Rhizopoda.
Rhizopoda	An extensive class of Protozoa, including those which have pseudopodia, by means of which they move about and take their food. The principal groups are Lobosa (or Am/bea), Helizoa, Radiolaria, and Foraminifera (or Reticularia). See Protozoa.
Rhizopodous	Of or pertaining to the rhizopods.
Rhizostomata	A suborder of Medusae which includes very large species without marginal tentacles, but having large mouth lobes closely united at the edges. See Illust. in Appendix.
Rhizostome	One of the Rhizostomata.
Rhizotaxis	The arrangement of the roots of plants.
Rhob	See 1st Rob.
Rhodammonium	Pertaining to, derived from, or containing, rhodium and ammonia; -- said of certain complex compounds.
Rhodanate	A salt of rhodanic acid; a sulphocyanate.
Rhodanic	Pertaining to, or designating, an acid (commonly called sulphocyanic acid) which frms a red color with ferric salts.
Rhodeoretin	Same as Convolvuln.
Rhodian	Of or pertaining to Rhodes, an island of the Mediterranean.
Rhodian	A native or inhabitant of Rhodes.
Rhodic	Of or pertaining to rhodium; containing rhodium.
Rhodium	A rare element of the light platinum group. It is found in platinum ores, and obtained free as a white inert metal which it is very difficult to fuse. Symbol Rh. Atomic weight 104.1.  Specific gravity 12.
Rhodizonic	Pertaining to, or designating, a colorless crystalline substance (called rhodizonic acid, and carboxylic acid) obtained from potassium carboxide and from certain quinones. It forms brilliant red, yellow, and purple salts.
Rhodochrosite	Manganese carbonate, a rose-red mineral sometimes occuring crystallized, but generally massive with rhombohedral cleavage like calcite; -- called also dialogite.
Rhodocrinite	A rose encrinite.
Rhododendron	A genus of shrubs or small trees, often having handsome evergreen leaves, and remarkable for the beauty of their flowers; rosebay.
Rhodomontade	See Rodomontade.
Rhodomontader	See Rodomontador.
Rhodonite	Manganese spar, or silicate of manganese, a mineral occuring crystallised and in rose-red masses. It is often used as an ornamental stone.
Rhodophane	The red pigment contained in the inner segments of the cones of the retina in animals. See Chromophane.
Rhodopsin	The visual purple. See under Visual.
Rhodosperm	Any seaweed with red spores.
Rhomb	An equilateral parallelogram, or quadrilateral figure whose sides are equal and the opposite sides parallel. The angles may be unequal, two being obtuse and two acute, as in the cut, or the angles may be equal, in which case it is usually called a square.
Rhomb	A rhombohedron.
Rhombic	Shaped like a rhomb.
Rhombic	Same as Orthorhombic.
Rhomboganoid	A ganoid fish having rhombic enameled scales; one of the Rhomboganoidei.
Rhomboganoidei	Same as Ginglymodi.
Rhombogene	A dicyemid which produces infusorialike embryos; -- opposed to nematogene. See Dicyemata.
Rhombohedral	Related to the rhombohedron; presenting the form of a rhombohedron, or a form derivable from a rhombohedron; relating to a system of forms including the rhombohedron and scalenohedron.
Rhombohedric	Rhombohedral.
Rhombohedron	A solid contained by six rhomboids; a parallelopiped.
Rhomboid	An oblique-angled parallelogram like a rhomb, but having only the opposite sides equal, the length and with being different.
Rhomboid	Same as Rhomboidal.
Rhomboidal	Having, or approaching, the shape of a rhomboid.
Rhomboides	A rhomboid.
Rhomboid-ovate	Between rhomboid and ovate, or oval, in shape.
Rhomb spar	A variety of dolomite.
Rhombus	Same as Rhomb, 1.
Rhonchal	Rhonchial.
Rhonchial	Of or pertaining to a rhonchus; produced by rhonchi.
Rhonchisonant	Making a snorting noise; snorting.
Rhonchi	of Rhonchus
Rhonchus	An adventitious whistling or snoring sound heard on auscultation of the chest when the air channels are partially obstructed. By some writers the term rhonchus is used as equivalent to rale in its widest sense. See Rale.
Rhopalic	Applied to a line or verse in which each successive word has one more syllable than the preceding.
Rhopalia	of Rhopalium
Rhopalium	One of the marginal sensory bodies of medusae belonging to the Discophora.
Rhopalocera	A division of Lepidoptera including all the butterflies. They differ from other Lepidoptera in having club-shaped antennae.
Rhotacism	An oversounding, or a misuse, of the letter r; specifically (Phylol.), the tendency, exhibited in the Indo-European languages, to change s to r, as wese to were.
Rhubarb	The name of several large perennial herbs of the genus Rheum and order Polygonaceae.
Rhubarb	The large and fleshy leafstalks of Rheum Rhaponticum and other species of the same genus. They are pleasantly acid, and are used in cookery. Called also pieplant.
Rhubarb	The root of several species of Rheum, used much as a cathartic medicine.
Rhubarby	Like rhubarb.
Rhumb	A line which crosses successive meridians at a constant angle; -- called also rhumb line, and loxodromic curve. See Loxodromic.
Rhus	A genus of shrubs and small treets. See Sumac.
Rhusma	A mixtire of caustic lime and orpiment, or tersulphide of arsenic, -- used in the depilation of hides.
Rhyme	An expression of thought in numbers, measure, or verse; a composition in verse; a rhymed tale; poetry; harmony of language.
Rhyme	Correspondence of sound in the terminating words or syllables of two or more verses, one succeeding another immediately or at no great distance. The words or syllables so used must not begin with the same consonant, or if one begins with a vowel the other must begin with a consonant. The vowel sounds and accents must be the same, as also the sounds of the final consonants if there be any.
Rhyme	Verses, usually two, having this correspondence with each other; a couplet; a poem containing rhymes.
Rhyme	A word answering in sound to another word.
Rhymed	of Rhyme
Rhyming	of Rhyme
Rhyme	To make rhymes, or verses.
Rhyme	To accord in rhyme or sound.
Rhyme	To put into rhyme.
Rhyme	To influence by rhyme.
Rhymeless	Destitute of rhyme.
Rhymer	One who makes rhymes; a versifier; -- generally in contempt; a poor poet; a poetaster.
Rhymery	The art or habit of making rhymes; rhyming; -- in contempt.
Rhymester	A rhymer; a maker of poor poetry.
Rhymic	Pertaining to rhyme.
Rhymist	A rhymer; a rhymester.
Rhynchobdellea	A suborder of leeches including those that have a protractile proboscis, without jaws. Clepsine is the type.
Rhynchocephala	An order of reptiles having biconcave vertebrae, immovable quadrate bones, and many other peculiar osteological characters. Hatteria is the only living genus, but numerous fossil genera are known, some of which are among the earliest of reptiles. See Hatteria. Called also Rhynchocephalia.
Rhynchocoela	Same as Nemertina.
Rhyncholite	A fossil cephalopod beak.
Rhynchonella	A genus of brachiopods of which some species are still living, while many are found fossil.
Rhynchophora	A group of Coleoptera having a snoutlike head; the snout beetles, curculios, or weevils.
Rhynchophore	One of the Rhynchophora.
Rhynchota	Same as Hemiptera.
Rhyolite	A quartzose trachyte, an igneous rock often showing a fluidal structure.
Rhyparography	In ancient art, the painting of genre or still-life pictures.
Rhysimeter	An instrument, acting on the principle of Pitot's tube, for measuring the velocity of a fluid current, the speed of a ship, etc.
Rhythm	In the widest sense, a dividing into short portions by a regular succession of motions, impulses, sounds, accents, etc., producing an agreeable effect, as in music poetry, the dance, or the like.
Rhythm	Movement in musical time, with periodical recurrence of accent; the measured beat or pulse which marks the character and expression of the music; symmetry of movement and accent.
Rhythm	A division of lines into short portions by a regular succession of arses and theses, or percussions and remissions of voice on words or syllables.
Rhythm	The harmonious flow of vocal sounds.
Rhythmer	One who writes in rhythm, esp. in poetic rhythm or meter.
Rhythmic	Alt. of Rhythmical
Rhythmical	Pertaining to, or of the nature of, rhythm
Rhythmically	In a rhythmical manner.
Rhythmics	The department of musical science which treats of the length of sounds.
Rhythming	Writing rhythm; verse making.
Rhythmless	Being without rhythm.
Rhythmometer	An instrument for marking time in musical movements. See Metronome.
Rhythmus	Rhythm.
Rhytina	See Rytina.
Rial	A Spanish coin. See Real.
Rial	Royal.
Rial	A gold coin formerly current in England, of the value of ten shillings sterling in the reign of Henry VI., and of fifteen shillings in the reign of Elizabeth.
Riant	Laughing; laughable; exciting gayety; gay; merry; delightful to the view, as a landscape.
Rib	One of the curved bones attached to the vertebral column and supporting the lateral walls of the thorax.
Rib	That which resembles a rib in form or use.
Rib	One of the timbers, or bars of iron or steel, that branch outward and upward from the keel, to support the skin or planking, and give shape and strength to the vessel.
Rib	A ridge, fin, or wing, as on a plate, cylinder, beam, etc., to strengthen or stiffen it.
Rib	One of the rods on which the cover of an umbrella is extended.
Rib	A prominent line or ridge, as in cloth.
Rib	A longitudinal strip of metal uniting the barrels of a double-barreled gun.
Rib	The chief nerve, or one of the chief nerves, of a leaf.
Rib	Any longitudinal ridge in a plant.
Rib	In Gothic vaulting, one of the primary members of the vault. These are strong arches, meeting and crossing one another, dividing the whole space into triangles, which are then filled by vaulted construction of lighter material. Hence, an imitation of one of these in wood, plaster, or the like.
Rib	A projecting mold, or group of moldings, forming with others a pattern, as on a ceiling, ornamental door, or the like.
Rib	Solid coal on the side of a gallery; solid ore in a vein.
Rib	An elongated pillar of ore or coal left as a support.
Rib	A wife; -- in allusion to Eve, as made out of Adam's rib.
Ribbed	of Rib
Ribbing	of Rib
Rib	To furnish with ribs; to form with rising lines and channels; as, to rib cloth.
Rib	To inclose, as with ribs, and protect; to shut in.
Ribald	A low, vulgar, brutal, foul-mouthed wretch; a lewd fellow.
Ribald	Low; base; mean; filthy; obscene.
Ribaldish	Like a ribald.
Ribaldrous	Of a ribald quality.
Ribaldry	The talk of a ribald; low, vulgar language; indecency; obscenity; lewdness; -- now chiefly applied to indecent language, but formerly, as by Chaucer, also to indecent acts or conduct.
Riban	See Ribbon.
Riband	See Ribbon.
Riband	See Rib-band.
Ribanded	Ribboned.
Ribaud	A ribald.
Ribaudequin	An engine of war used in the Middle Ages, consisting of a protected elevated staging on wheels, and armed in front with pikes. It was (after the 14th century) furnished with small cannon.
Ribaudequin	A huge bow fixed on the wall of a fortified town for casting javelins.
Ribaudred	Alt. of Ribaudrous
Ribaudrous	Filthy; obscene; ribald.
Ribaudry	Ribaldry.
Ribaudy	Ribaldry.
Ribauld	A ribald.
Ribband	A ribbon.
Ribband	A long, narrow strip of timber bent and bolted longitudinally to the ribs of a vessel, to hold them in position, and give rigidity to the framework.
Ribbed	Furnished or formed with ribs; as, a ribbed cylinder; ribbed cloth.
Ribbed	Intercalated with slate; -- said of a seam of coal.
Ribbing	An assemblage or arrangement of ribs, as the timberwork for the support of an arch or coved ceiling, the veins in the leaves of some plants, ridges in the fabric of cloth, or the like.
Ribbon	A fillet or narrow woven fabric, commonly of silk, used for trimming some part of a woman's attire, for badges, and other decorative purposes.
Ribbon	A narrow strip or shred; as, a steel or magnesium ribbon; sails torn to ribbons.
Ribbon	Same as Rib-band.
Ribbon	Driving reins.
Ribbon	A bearing similar to the bend, but only one eighth as wide.
Ribbon	A silver.
Ribboned	of Ribbon
Ribboning	of Ribbon
Ribbon	To adorn with, or as with, ribbons; to mark with stripes resembling ribbons.
Ribbonism	The principles and practices of the Ribbonmen.  See Ribbon Society, under Ribbon.
-men	of Ribbonman
Ribbonman	A member of the Ribbon Society. See Ribbon Society, under Ribbon.
Ribbonwood	A malvaceous tree (Hoheria populnea) of New Zealand, the bark of which is used for cordage.
Ribes	A genus of shrubs including gooseberries and currants of many kinds.
Ribibe	A sort of stringed instrument; a rebec.
Ribibe	An old woman; -- in contempt.
Ribibe	A bawd; a prostitute.
Ribible	A small threestringed viol; a rebec.
Ribless	Having no ribs.
Ribroast	To beat soundly.
Ribwort	A species of plantain (Plantago lanceolata) with long, narrow, ribbed leaves; -- called also rib grass, ripple grass, ribwort plantain.
-ric	A suffix signifying dominion, jurisdiction; as, bishopric, the district over which a bishop exercises authority.
Rice	A well-known cereal grass (Oryza sativa) and its seed.  This plant is extensively cultivated in warm climates, and the grain forms a large portion of the food of the inhabitants. In America it grows chiefly on low, moist land, which can be overflowed.
Ricebird	The Java sparrow.
Ricebird	The bobolink.
Rice-shell	Any one of numerous species of small white polished marine shells of the genus Olivella.
Rich	Having an abundance of material possessions; possessed of a large amount of property; well supplied with land, goods, or money; wealthy; opulent; affluent; -- opposed to poor.
Rich	Hence, in general, well supplied; abounding; abundant; copious; bountiful; as, a rich treasury; a rich entertainment; a rich crop.
Rich	Yielding large returns; productive or fertile; fruitful; as, rich soil or land; a rich mine.
Rich	Composed of valuable or costly materials or ingredients; procured at great outlay; highly valued; precious; sumptuous; costly; as, a rich dress; rich silk or fur; rich presents.
Rich	Abounding in agreeable or nutritive qualities; -- especially applied to articles of food or drink which are high-seasoned or abound in oleaginous ingredients, or are sweet, luscious, and high-flavored; as, a rich dish; rich cream or soup; rich pastry; rich wine or fruit.
Rich	Not faint or delicate; vivid; as, a rich color.
Rich	Full of sweet and harmonius sounds; as, a rich voice; rich music.
Rich	Abounding in beauty; gorgeous; as, a rich landscape; rich scenery.
Rich	Abounding in humor; exciting amusement; entertaining; as, the scene was a rich one; a rich incident or character.
Rich	To enrich.
Riches	That which makes one rich; an abundance of land, goods, money, or other property; wealth; opulence; affluence.
Riches	That which appears rich, sumptuous, precious, or the like.
Richesse	Wealth; riches. See the Note under Riches.
Richly	In a rich manner.
Richness	The quality or state of being rich (in any sense of the adjective).
Richweed	An herb (Pilea pumila) of the Nettle family, having a smooth, juicy, pellucid stem; -- called also clearweed.
Ricinelaidic	Pertaining to, or designating, an isomeric modification of ricinoleic acid obtained as a white crystalline solid.
Ricinelaidin	The glycerin salt of ricinelaidic acid, obtained as a white crystalline waxy substance by treating castor oil with nitrous acid.
Ricinic	Pertaining to, or derived from, castor oil; formerly, designating an acid now called ricinoleic acid.
Ricinine	A bitter white crystalline alkaloid extracted from the seeds of the castor-oil plant.
Ricinoleate	A salt of ricinoleic acid; -- formerly called palmate.
Ricinoleic	Pertaining to, or designating, a fatty acid analogous to oleic acid, obtained from castor oil as an oily substance, C/H/O/ with a harsh taste. Formerly written ricinolic.
Ricinolein	The glycerin salt of ricinoleic acid, occuring as a characteristic constituent of castor oil; -- formerly called palmin.
Ricinolic	Ricinoleic.
Ricinus	A genus of plants of the Spurge family, containing but one species (R. communis), the castor-oil plant. The fruit is three-celled, and contains three large seeds from which castor oil iss expressed. See Palma Christi.
Rick	A stack or pile, as of grain, straw, or hay, in the open air, usually protected from wet with thatching.
Rick	To heap up in ricks, as hay, etc.
Ricker	A stout pole for use in making a rick, or for a spar to a boat.
Ricketish	Rickety.
Rickets	A disease which affects children, and which is characterized by a bulky head, crooked spine and limbs, depressed ribs, enlarged and spongy articular epiphyses, tumid abdomen, and short stature, together with clear and often premature mental faculties. The essential cause of the disease appears to be the nondeposition of earthy salts in the osteoid tissues. Children afflicted with this malady stand and walk unsteadily. Called also rachitis.
Rickety	Affected with rickets.
Rickety	Feeble in the joints; imperfect; weak; shaky.
Rickrack	A kind of openwork edging made of serpentine braid.
Rickstand	A flooring or framework on which a rick is made.
Ricochet	A rebound or skipping, as of a ball along the ground when a gun is fired at a low angle of elevation, or of a fiat stone thrown along the surface of water.
Ricochetted	of Ricochet
Ricochetting	of Ricochet
Ricochet	To operate upon by ricochet firing. See Ricochet, n.
Ricochet	To skip with a rebound or rebounds, as a flat stone on the surface of water, or a cannon ball on the ground. See Ricochet, n.
Rictal	Of or pertaining to the rictus; as, rictal bristles.
Ricture	A gaping.
Rictus	The gape of the mouth, as of birds; -- often resricted to the corners of the mouth.
Rid	imp. & p. p. of Ride, v. i.
Rid	of Rid
Ridded	of Rid
Ridding	of Rid
Rid	To save; to rescue; to deliver; -- with out of.
Rid	To free; to clear; to disencumber; -- followed by of.
Rid	To drive away; to remove by effort or violence; to make away with; to destroy.
Rid	To get over; to dispose of; to dispatch; to finish.
Ridable	Suitable for riding; as, a ridable horse; a ridable road.
Riddance	The act of ridding or freeing; deliverance; a cleaning up or out.
Riddance	The state of being rid or free; freedom; escape.
Ridden	p. p. of Ride.
Ridder	One who, or that which, rids.
Riddle	A sieve with coarse meshes, usually of wire, for separating coarser materials from finer, as chaff from grain, cinders from ashes, or gravel from sand.
Riddle	A board having a row of pins, set zigzag, between which wire is drawn to straighten it.
Riddled	of Riddle
Riddling	of Riddle
Riddle	To separate, as grain from the chaff, with a riddle; to pass through a riddle; as, riddle wheat; to riddle coal or gravel.
Riddle	To perforate so as to make like a riddle; to make many holes in; as, a house riddled with shot.
Riddle	Something proposed to be solved by guessing or conjecture; a puzzling question; an ambiguous proposition; an enigma; hence, anything ambiguous or puzzling.
Riddle	To explain; to solve; to unriddle.
Riddle	To speak ambiguously or enigmatically.
Riddler	One who riddles (grain, sand, etc.).
Riddler	One who speaks in, or propounds, riddles.
Riddling	Speaking in a riddle or riddles; containing a riddle.
Rode	of Ride
Rid	of Ride
Ridden	of Ride
Rid	of Ride
Riding	of Ride
Ride	To be carried on the back of an animal, as a horse.
Ride	To be borne in a carriage; as, to ride in a coach, in a car, and the like. See Synonym, below.
Ride	To be borne or in a fluid; to float; to lie.
Ride	To be supported in motion; to rest.
Ride	To manage a horse, as an equestrian.
Ride	To support a rider, as a horse; to move under the saddle; as, a horse rides easy or hard, slow or fast.
Ride	To sit on, so as to be carried; as, to ride a horse; to ride a bicycle.
Ride	To manage insolently at will; to domineer over.
Ride	To convey, as by riding; to make or do by riding.
Ride	To overlap (each other); -- said of bones or fractured fragments.
Ride	The act of riding; an excursion on horseback or in a vehicle.
Ride	A saddle horse.
Ride	A road or avenue cut in a wood, or through grounds, to be used as a place for riding; a riding.
Rideau	A small mound of earth; ground slightly elevated; a small ridge.
Riden	imp. pl. & p. p. of Ride.
Rident	Laughing.
Rider	One who, or that which, rides.
Rider	Formerly, an agent who went out with samples of goods to obtain orders; a commercial traveler.
Rider	One who breaks or manages a horse.
Rider	An addition or amendment to a manuscript or other document, which is attached on a separate piece of paper; in legislative practice, an additional clause annexed to a bill while in course of passage; something extra or burdensome that is imposed.
Rider	A problem of more than usual difficulty added to another on an examination paper.
Rider	A Dutch gold coin having the figure of a man on horseback stamped upon it.
Rider	Rock material in a vein of ore, dividing it.
Rider	An interior rib occasionally fixed in a ship's hold, reaching from the keelson to the beams of the lower deck, to strengthen her frame.
Rider	The second tier of casks in a vessel's hold.
Rider	A small forked weight which straddles the beam of a balance, along which it can be moved in the manner of the weight on a steelyard.
Rider	A robber.
Riderless	Having no rider; as, a riderless horse.
Ridge	The back, or top of the back; a crest.
Ridge	A range of hills or mountains, or the upper part of such a range; any extended elevation between valleys.
Ridge	A raised line or strip, as of ground thrown up by a plow or left between furrows or ditches, or as on the surface of metal, cloth, or bone, etc.
Ridge	The intersection of two surface forming a salient angle, especially the angle at the top between the opposite slopes or sides of a roof or a vault.
Ridge	The highest portion of the glacis proceeding from the salient angle of the covered way.
Ridged	of Ridge
Ridging	of Ridge
Ridge	To form a ridge of; to furnish with a ridge or ridges; to make into a ridge or ridges.
Ridge	To form into ridges with the plow, as land.
Ridge	To wrinkle.
Ridgeband	The part of a harness which passes over the saddle, and supports the shafts of a cart; -- called also ridgerope, and ridger.
Ridgebone	The backbone.
Ridgel	Same as Ridgelling.
Ridgelet	A little ridge.
Ridgeling	A half-castrated male animal.
Ridgepiece	Alt. of Ridgeplate
Ridgeplate	See Ridgepole.
Ridgepole	The timber forming the ridge of a roof, into which the rafters are secured.
Ridgerope	See Life line (a), under Life.
Ridgingly	So as to form ridges.
Ridgy	Having a ridge or ridges; rising in a ridge.
Ridicle	Ridicule.
Ridicule	An object of sport or laughter; a laughingstock; a laughing matter.
Ridicule	Remarks concerning a subject or a person designed to excite laughter with a degree of contempt; wit of that species which provokes contemptuous laughter; disparagement by making a person an object of laughter; banter; -- a term lighter than derision.
Ridicule	Quality of being ridiculous; ridiculousness.
Ridiculed	of Ridicule
Ridiculing	of Ridicule
Ridicule	To laugh at mockingly or disparagingly; to awaken ridicule toward or respecting.
Ridicule	Ridiculous.
Ridiculer	One who ridicules.
Ridiculize	To make ridiculous; to ridicule.
Ridiculosity	The quality or state of being ridiculous; ridiculousness; also, something ridiculous.
Ridiculous	Fitted to excite ridicule; absurd and laughable; unworthy of serious consideration; as, a ridiculous dress or behavior.
Ridiculous	Involving or expressing ridicule.
Riding	One of the three jurisdictions into which the county of York, in England, is divided; -- formerly under the government of a reeve. They are called the North, the East, and the West, Riding.
Riding	Employed to travel; traveling; as, a riding clerk.
Riding	Used for riding on; as, a riding horse.
Riding	Used for riding, or when riding; devoted to riding; as, a riding whip; a riding habit; a riding day.
Riding	The act or state of one who rides.
Riding	A festival procession.
Riding	Same as Ride, n., 3.
Riding	A district in charge of an excise officer.
Ridotto	A favorite Italian public entertainment, consisting of music and dancing, -- held generally on fast eves.
Ridotto	To hold ridottos.
Rie	See Rye.
Rief	Robbery.
Rietboc	The reedbuck, a South African antelope (Cervicapra arundinacea); -- so called from its frequenting dry places covered with high grass or reeds. Its color is yellowish brown. Called also inghalla, and rietbok.
Rife	Prevailing; prevalent; abounding.
Rife	Having power; active; nimble.
Riffle	A trough or sluice having cleats, grooves, or steps across the bottom for holding quicksilver and catching particles of gold when auriferous earth is washed; also, one of the cleats, grooves, or steps in such a trough. Also called ripple.
Riffler	A curved file used in carving wool and marble.
Riffraff	Sweepings; refuse; the lowest order of society.
Rifled	of Rifle
Rifling	of Rifle
Rifle	To seize and bear away by force; to snatch away; to carry off.
Rifle	To strip; to rob; to pillage.
Rifle	To raffle.
Rifle	To raffle.
Rifle	To commit robbery.
Rifle	A gun, the inside of whose barrel is grooved with spiral channels, thus giving the ball a rotary motion and insuring greater accuracy of fire. As a military firearm it has superseded the musket.
Rifle	A body of soldiers armed with rifles.
Rifle	A strip of wood covered with emery or a similar material, used for sharpening scythes.
Rifle	To grove; to channel; especially, to groove internally with spiral channels; as, to rifle a gun barrel or a cannon.
Rifle	To whet with a rifle. See Rifle, n., 3.
Riflebird	Any one of several species of beautiful birds of Australia and New Guinea, of the genera Ptiloris and Craspidophora, allied to the paradise birds.
Rifleman	of Rifleman
Rifleman	A soldier armed with a rifle.
Rifler	One who rifles; a robber.
Rifling	The act or process of making the grooves in a rifled cannon or gun barrel.
Rifling	The system of grooves in a rifled gun barrel or cannon.
Rift	p. p. of Rive.
Rift	An opening made by riving or splitting; a cleft; a fissure.
Rift	A shallow place in a stream; a ford.
Rifted	of Rift
Rifting	of Rift
Rift	To cleave; to rive; to split; as, to rift an oak or a rock; to rift the clouds.
Rift	To burst open; to split.
Rift	To belch.
Rifter	A rafter.
Rig	A ridge.
Rigged	of Rig
Rigging	of Rig
Rig	To furnish with apparatus or gear; to fit with tackling.
Rig	To dress; to equip; to clothe, especially in an odd or fanciful manner; -- commonly followed by out.
Rig	The peculiar fitting in shape, number, and arrangement of sails and masts, by which different types of vessels are distinguished; as, schooner rig, ship rig, etc.  See Illustration in Appendix.
Rig	Dress; esp., odd or fanciful clothing.
Rig	A romp; a wanton; one given to unbecoming conduct.
Rig	A sportive or unbecoming trick; a frolic.
Rig	A blast of wind.
Rig	To play the wanton; to act in an unbecoming manner; to play tricks.
Rig	To make free with; hence, to steal; to pilfer.
Rigadoon	A gay, lively dance for one couple, -- said to have been borrowed from Provence in France.
Riga fir	A species of pine (Pinus sylvestris), and its wood, which affords a valuable timber; -- called also Scotch pine, and red / yellow deal. It grows in all parts of Europe, in the Caucasus, and in Siberia.
Rigarion	See Irrigation.
Rigel	A fixed star of the first magnitude in the left foot of the constellation Orion.
Rigescent	Growing stiff or numb.
Rigger	One who rigs or dresses; one whose occupation is to fit the rigging of a ship.
Rigger	A cylindrical pulley or drum in machinery.
Rigging	DRess; tackle; especially (Naut.), the ropes, chains, etc., that support the masts and spars of a vessel, and serve as purchases for adjusting the sails, etc. See Illustr. of Ship and Sails.
Riggish	Like a rig or wanton.
Riggle	See Wriggle.
Riggle	The European lance fish.
Right	Straight; direct; not crooked; as, a right line.
Right	Upright; erect from a base; having an upright axis; not oblique; as, right ascension; a right pyramid or cone.
Right	Conformed to the constitution of man and the will of God, or to justice and equity; not deviating from the true and just; according with truth and duty; just; true.
Right	Fit; suitable; proper; correct; becoming; as, the right man in the right place; the right way from London to Oxford.
Right	Characterized by reality or genuineness; real; actual; not spurious.
Right	According with truth; passing a true judgment; conforming to fact or intent; not mistaken or wrong; not erroneous; correct; as, this is the right faith.
Right	Most favorable or convenient; fortunate.
Right	Of or pertaining to that side of the body in man on which the muscular action is usually stronger than on the other side; -- opposed to left when used in reference to a part of the body; as, the right side, hand, arm. Also applied to the corresponding side of the lower animals.
Right	Well placed, disposed, or adjusted; orderly; well regulated; correctly done.
Right	Designed to be placed or worn outward; as, the right side of a piece of cloth.
Right	In a right manner.
Right	In a right or straight line; directly; hence; straightway; immediately; next; as, he stood right before me; it went right to the mark; he came right out; he followed right after the guide.
Right	Exactly; just.
Right	According to the law or will of God; conforming to the standard of truth and justice; righteously; as, to live right; to judge right.
Right	According to any rule of art; correctly.
Right	According to fact or truth; actually; truly; really; correctly; exactly; as, to tell a story right.
Right	In a great degree; very; wholly; unqualifiedly; extremely; highly; as, right humble; right noble; right valiant.
Right	That which is right or correct.
Right	The straight course; adherence to duty; obedience to lawful authority, divine or human; freedom from guilt, -- the opposite of moral wrong.
Right	A true statement; freedom from error of falsehood; adherence to truth or fact.
Right	A just judgment or action; that which is true or proper; justice; uprightness; integrity.
Right	That to which one has a just claim.
Right	That which one has a natural claim to exact.
Right	That which one has a legal or social claim to do or to exact; legal power; authority; as, a sheriff has a right to arrest a criminal.
Right	That which justly belongs to one; that which one has a claim to possess or own; the interest or share which anyone has in a piece of property; title; claim; interest; ownership.
Right	Privilege or immunity granted by authority.
Right	The right side; the side opposite to the left.
Right	In some legislative bodies of Europe (as in France), those members collectively who are conservatives or monarchists. See Center, 5.
Right	The outward or most finished surface, as of a piece of cloth, a carpet, etc.
Righted	of Right
Righting	of Right
Right	To bring or restore to the proper or natural position; to set upright; to make right or straight (that which has been wrong or crooked); to correct.
Right	To do justice to; to relieve from wrong; to restore rights to; to assert or regain the rights of; as, to right the oppressed; to right one's self; also, to vindicate.
Right	To recover the proper or natural condition or position; to become upright.
Right	Hence, to regain an upright position, as a ship or boat, after careening.
Right-about	A turning directly about by the right, so as to face in the opposite direction; also, the quarter directly opposite; as, to turn to the right-about.
Right-angled	Containing a right angle or right angles; as, a right-angled triangle.
Righten	To do justice to.
Righteous	Doing, or according with, that which is right; yielding to all their due; just; equitable; especially, free from wrong, guilt, or sin; holy; as, a righteous man or act; a righteous retribution.
Righteoused	Made righteous.
Righteously	In a righteous manner; as, to judge righteously.
Righteousness	The quality or state of being righteous; holiness; purity; uprightness; rectitude.
Righteousness	A righteous act, or righteous quality.
Righteousness	The act or conduct of one who is righteous.
Righteousness	The state of being right with God; justification; the work of Christ, which is the ground of justification.
Righter	One who sets right; one who does justice or redresses wrong.
Rightful	Righteous; upright; just; good; -- said of persons.
Rightful	Consonant to justice; just; as, a rightful cause.
Rightful	Having the right or just claim according to established laws; being or holding by right; as, the rightful heir to a throne or an estate; a rightful king.
Rightful	Belonging, held, or possessed by right, or by just claim; as, a rightful inheritance; rightful authority.
Rightfully	According to right or justice.
Rightfulness	The quality or state of being rightful; accordance with right and justice.
Rightfulness	Moral rectitude; righteousness.
Right-hand	Situated or being on the right; nearer the right hand than the left; as, the right-hand side, room, or road.
Right-hand	Chiefly relied on; almost indispensable.
Right-handed	Using the right hand habitually, or more easily than the left.
Right-handed	Having the same direction or course as the movement of the hands of a watch seen in front; -- said of the motion of a revolving object looked at from a given direction.
Right-handed	Having the whorls rising from left to right; dextral; -- said of spiral shells. See Illust. of Scalaria.
Right-handedness	The state or quality of being right-handed; hence, skill; dexterity.
Right-hearted	Having a right heart or disposition.
Rightless	Destitute of right.
Right-lined	Formed by right lines; rectilineal; as, a right-lined angle.
Rightly	Straightly; directly; in front.
Rightly	According to justice; according to the divine will or moral rectitude; uprightly; as, duty rightly performed.
Rightly	Properly; fitly; suitably; appropriately.
Rightly	According to truth or fact; correctly; not erroneously; exactly.
Right-minded	Having a right or honest mind.
Rightness	Straightness; as, the rightness of a line.
Rightness	The quality or state of being right; right relation.
Right-running	Straight; direct.
Rightward	Toward the right.
Right whale	The bowhead, Arctic, or Greenland whale (Balaena mysticetus), from whose mouth the best whalebone is obtained.
Right whale	Any other whale that produces valuable whalebone, as the Atlantic, or Biscay, right whale (Balaena cisarctica), and the Pacific right whale (B. Sieboldii); a bone whale.
Rightwise	Righteous.
Rightwise	To make righteous.
Rightwisely	Righteously.
Rightwiseness	Righteousness.
Rigid	Firm; stiff; unyielding; not pliant; not flexible.
Rigid	Hence, not lax or indulgent; severe; inflexible; strict; as, a rigid father or master; rigid discipline; rigid criticism; a rigid sentence.
Rigidity	The quality or state of being rigid; want of pliability; the quality of resisting change of form; the amount of resistance with which a body opposes change of form; -- opposed to flexibility, ductility, malleability, and softness.
Rigidity	Stiffness of appearance or manner; want of ease or elegance.
Rigidity	Severity; rigor.
Rigidly	In a rigid manner; stiffly.
Rigidness	The quality or state of being rigid.
Rigidulous	Somewhat rigid or stiff; as, a rigidulous bristle.
Riglet	See Reglet.
Rigmarole	A succession of confused or nonsensical statements; foolish talk; nonsense.
Rigmarole	Consisting of rigmarole; frovolous; nonsensical; foolish.
Rigol	A circle; hence, a diadem.
Rigoll	A musical instrument formerly in use, consisting of several sticks bound together, but separated by beads, and played with a stick with a ball at its end.
Rigor	Rigidity; stiffness.
Rigor	A sense of chilliness, with contraction of the skin; a convulsive shuddering or tremor, as in the chill preceding a fever.
Rigor	The becoming stiff or rigid; the state of being rigid; rigidity; stiffness; hardness.
Rigor	See 1st Rigor, 2.
Rigor	Severity of climate or season; inclemency; as, the rigor of the storm; the rigors of winter.
Rigor	Stiffness of opinion or temper; rugged sternness; hardness; relentless severity; hard-heartedness; cruelty.
Rigor	Exactness without allowance, deviation, or indulgence; strictness; as, the rigor of criticism; to execute a law with rigor; to enforce moral duties with rigor; -- opposed to lenity.
Rigor	Severity of life; austerity; voluntary submission to pain, abstinence, or mortification.
Rigor	Violence; force; fury.
Rigorism	Rigidity in principle or practice; strictness; -- opposed to laxity.
Rigorism	Severity, as of style, or the like.
Rigorist	One who is rigorous; -- sometimes applied to an extreme Jansenist.
Rigorous	Manifesting, exercising, or favoring rigor; allowing no abatement or mitigation; scrupulously accurate; exact; strict; severe; relentless; as, a rigorous officer of justice; a rigorous execution of law; a rigorous definition or demonstration.
Rigorous	Severe; intense; inclement; as, a rigorous winter.
Rigorous	Violent.
Rigsdaler	A Danish coin worth about fifty-four cents. It was the former unit of value in Denmark.
Rig-Veda	See Veda.
Riksdaler	A Swedish coin worth about twenty-seven cents. It was formerly the unit of value in Sweden.
Riled	of Rile
Riling	of Rile
Rile	To render turbid or muddy; to stir up; to roil.
Rile	To stir up in feelings; to make angry; to vex.
Rilievo	Same as Relief, n., 5.
Rill	A very small brook; a streamlet.
Rill	See Rille.
Rill	To run a small stream.
Rille	One of certain narrow, crooked valleys seen, by aid of the telescope, on the surface of the moon.
Rillet	A little rill.
Rily	Roily.
Rim	The border, edge, or margin of a thing, usually of something circular or curving; as, the rim of a kettle or basin.
Rim	The lower part of the abdomen.
Rimmed	of Rim
Rimming	of Rim
Rim	To furnish with a rim; to border.
Rimae	of Rima
Rima	A narrow and elongated aperture; a cleft; a fissure.
Rimau dahan	The clouded tiger cat (Felis marmorata) of Southern Asia and the East Indies.
Rimbase	A short cylinder connecting a trunnion with the body of a cannon. See Illust. of Cannon.
Rime	A rent or long aperture; a chink; a fissure; a crack.
Rime	White frost; hoarfrost; congealed dew or vapor.
Rimed	of Rime
Riming	of Rime
Rime	To freeze or congeal into hoarfrost.
Rime	A step or round of a ladder; a rung.
Rime	Rhyme. See Rhyme.
Rime	To rhyme. See Rhyme.
Rimer	A rhymer; a versifier.
Rimer	A tool for shaping the rimes of a ladder.
Rimey	To compose in rhyme; to versify.
Rimmer	An implement for cutting, trimming, or ornamenting the rim of anything, as the edges of pies, etc.; also, a reamer.
Rimose	Full of rimes, fissures, or chinks.
Rimose	Having long and nearly parallel clefts or chinks, like those in the bark of trees.
Rimosely	In a rimose manner.
Rimosity	State of being rimose.
Rimous	Rimose.
Rimple	A fold or wrinkle. See Rumple.
Rimpled	of Rimple
Rimpling	of Rimple
Rimple	To rumple; to wrinkle.
Rimy	Abounding with rime; frosty.
Rind	The external covering or coat, as of flesh, fruit, trees, etc.; skin; hide; bark; peel; shell.
Rind	To remove the rind of; to bark.
Rinderpest	A highly contagious distemper or murrain, affecting neat cattle, and less commonly sheep and goats; -- called also cattle plague, Russian cattle plague, and steppe murrain.
Rindle	A small water course or gutter.
Rindless	Destitute of a rind.
Rindy	Having a rind or skin.
Rine	See Rind.
Rined	Having a rind
Rinforzando	Increasing; strengthening; -- a direction indicating a sudden increase of force (abbreviated rf., rfz.) Cf. Forzando, and Sforzando.
Rang	of Ring
Rung	of Ring
Rung	of Ring
Ringing	of Ring
Ring	To cause to sound, especially by striking, as a metallic body; as, to ring a bell.
Ring	To make (a sound), as by ringing a bell; to sound.
Ring	To repeat often, loudly, or earnestly.
Ring	To sound, as a bell or other sonorous body, particularly a metallic one.
Ring	To practice making music with bells.
Ring	To sound loud; to resound; to be filled with a ringing or reverberating sound.
Ring	To continue to sound or vibrate; to resound.
Ring	To be filled with report or talk; as, the whole town rings with his fame.
Ring	A sound; especially, the sound of vibrating metals; as, the ring of a bell.
Ring	Any loud sound; the sound of numerous voices; a sound continued, repeated, or reverberated.
Ring	A chime, or set of bells harmonically tuned.
Ring	A circle, or a circular line, or anything in the form of a circular line or hoop.
Ring	Specifically, a circular ornament of gold or other precious material worn on the finger, or attached to the ear, the nose, or some other part of the person; as, a wedding ring.
Ring	A circular area in which races are or run or other sports are performed; an arena.
Ring	An inclosed space in which pugilists fight; hence, figuratively, prize fighting.
Ring	A circular group of persons.
Ring	The plane figure included between the circumferences of two concentric circles.
Ring	The solid generated by the revolution of a circle, or other figure, about an exterior straight line (as an axis) lying in the same plane as the circle or other figure.
Ring	An instrument, formerly used for taking the sun's altitude, consisting of a brass ring suspended by a swivel, with a hole at one side through which a solar ray entering indicated the altitude on the graduated inner surface opposite.
Ring	An elastic band partly or wholly encircling the spore cases of ferns. See Illust. of Sporangium.
Ring	A clique; an exclusive combination of persons for a selfish purpose, as to control the market, distribute offices, obtain contracts, etc.
Ringed	of Ring
Ringing	of Ring
Ring	To surround with a ring, or as with a ring; to encircle.
Ring	To make a ring around by cutting away the bark; to girdle; as, to ring branches or roots.
Ring	To fit with a ring or with rings, as the fingers, or a swine's snout.
Ring	To rise in the air spirally.
Ringbill	The ring-necked scaup duck; -- called also ring-billed blackhead. See Scaup.
Ringbird	The reed bunting. It has a collar of white feathers. Called also ring bunting.
Ringbolt	An eyebolt having a ring through the eye.
Ringbone	A morbid growth or deposit of bony matter between or on the small pastern and the great pastern bones.
Ringdove	A European wild pigeon (Columba palumbus) having a white crescent on each side of the neck, whence the name. Called also wood pigeon, and cushat.
Ringed	Encircled or marked with, or as with, a ring or rings.
Ringed	Wearning a wedding ring; hence, lawfully wedded.
Ringent	Having the lips widely separated and gaping like an open mouth; as a ringent bilabiate corolla.
Ringer	One who, or that which, rings; especially, one who rings chimes on bells.
Ringer	A crowbar.
Ringer	A horse that is not entitled to take part in a race, but is fraudulently got into it.
Ringhead	An instrument used for stretching woolen cloth.
Ringing	a & n. from Ring, v.
Ringingly	In a ringing manner.
Ringleader	The leader of a circle of dancers; hence, the leader of a number of persons acting together; the leader of a herd of animals.
Ringleader	Opprobriously, a leader of a body of men engaged in the violation of law or in an illegal enterprise, as rioters, mutineers, or the like.
Ringlestone	The ringed dotterel, or ring plover.
Ringlet	A small ring; a small circle; specifically, a fairy ring.
Ringlet	A curl; especially, a curl of hair.
Ringmen	of Ringman
Ringman	The ring finger.
Ringmaster	One in charge of the performances (as of horses) within the ring in a circus.
Ringneck	Any one of several species of small plovers of the genus Aegialitis, having a ring around the neck. The ring is black in summer, but becomes brown or gray in winter. The semipalmated plover (Ae. semipalmata) and the piping plover (Ae. meloda) are common North American species. Called also ring plover, and ring-necked plover.
Ringneck	The ring-necked duck.
Ring-necked	Having a well defined ring of color around the neck.
Ringsail	See Ringtail, 2.
Ringstraked	Ring-streaked.
Ring-streaked	Having circular streaks or lines on the body; as, ring-streaked goats.
Ringtail	A bird having a distinct band of color across the tail, as the hen harrier.
Ringtail	A light sail set abaft and beyong the leech of a boom-and-gaff sail; -- called also ringsail.
Ring-tailed	Having the tail crossed by conspicuous bands of color.
Ringtoss	A game in which the object is to toss a ring so that it will catch upon an upright stick.
Ringworm	A contagious affection of the skin due to the presence of a vegetable parasite, and forming ring-shaped discolored patches covered with vesicles or powdery scales. It occurs either on the body, the face, or the scalp.  Different varieties are distinguished as Tinea circinata, Tinea tonsurans, etc., but all are caused by the same parasite (a species of Trichophyton).
Rink	The smooth and level extent of ice marked off for the game of curling.
Rink	An artificial sheet of ice, generally under cover, used for skating; also, a floor prepared for skating on with roller skates, or a building with such a floor.
Rinker	One who skates at a rink.
Rinking	Skating in a rink.
Rinsed	of Rinse
Rinsing	of Rinse
Rinse	To wash lightly; to cleanse with a second or repeated application of water after washing.
Rinse	To cleancse by the introduction of water; -- applied especially to hollow vessels; as, to rinse a bottle.
Rinse	The act of rinsing.
Rinser	One who, or that which, rinses.
Riot	Wanton or unrestrained behavior; uproar; tumult.
Riot	Excessive and exxpensive feasting; wild and loose festivity; revelry.
Riot	The tumultuous disturbance of the public peace by an unlawful assembly of three or more persons in the execution of some private object.
Rioted	of Riot
Rioting	of Riot
Riot	To engage in riot; to act in an unrestrained or wanton manner; to indulge in excess of luxury, feasting, or the like; to revel; to run riot; to go to excess.
Riot	To disturb the peace; to raise an uproar or sedition. See Riot, n., 3.
Riot	To spend or pass in riot.
Rioter	One who riots; a reveler; a roisterer.
Rioter	One who engages in a riot. See Riot, n., 3.
Riotise	Excess; tumult; revelry.
Riotour	A rioter.
Riotous	Involving, or engaging in, riot; wanton; unrestrained; luxurious.
Riotous	Partaking of the nature of an unlawful assembly or its acts; seditious.
Riotry	The act or practice of rioting; riot.
Rip	A wicker fish basket.
Ripped	of Rip
Ripping	of Rip
Rip	To divide or separate the parts of, by cutting or tearing; to tear or cut open or off; to tear off or out by violence; as, to rip a garment by cutting the stitches; to rip off the skin of a beast; to rip up a floor; -- commonly used with up, open, off.
Rip	To get by, or as by, cutting or tearing.
Rip	To tear up for search or disclosure, or for alteration; to search to the bottom; to discover; to disclose; -- usually with up.
Rip	To saw (wood) lengthwise of the grain or fiber.
Rip	A rent made by ripping, esp. by a seam giving way; a tear; a place torn; laceration.
Rip	A term applied to a mean, worthless thing or person, as to a scamp, a debauchee, or a prostitute, or a worn-out horse.
Rip	A body of water made rough by the meeting of opposing tides or currents.
Riparian	Of or pertaining to the bank of a river; as, riparian rights.
Riparious	Growing along the banks of rivers; riparian.
Ripe	The bank of a river.
Ripe	Ready for reaping or gathering; having attained perfection; mature; -- said of fruits, seeds, etc.; as, ripe grain.
Ripe	Advanced to the state of fitness for use; mellow; as, ripe cheese; ripe wine.
Ripe	Having attained its full development; mature; perfected; consummate.
Ripe	Maturated or suppurated; ready to discharge; -- said of sores, tumors, etc.
Ripe	Ready for action or effect; prepared.
Ripe	Like ripened fruit in ruddiness and plumpness.
Ripe	Intoxicated.
Ripe	To ripen; to grow ripe.
Ripe	To mature; to ripen.
Ripely	Maturely; at the fit time.
Ripened	of Ripen
Ripening	of Ripen
Ripen	To grow ripe; to become mature, as grain, fruit, flowers, and the like; as, grapes ripen in the sun.
Ripen	To approach or come to perfection.
Ripen	To cause to mature; to make ripe; as, the warm days ripened the corn.
Ripen	To mature; to fit or prepare; to bring to perfection; as, to ripen the judgment.
Ripeness	The state or quality of being ripe; maturity;; completeness; perfection; as, the ripeness of grain; ripeness of manhood; ripeness of judgment.
Ripidolite	A translucent mineral of a green color and micaceous structure, belonging to the chlorite group; a hydrous silicate of alumina, magnesia, and iron; -- called also clinochlore.
Ripienist	A player in the ripieno portion of an orchestra. See Ripieno.
Ripieno	Filling up; supplementary; supernumerary; -- a term applied to those instruments which only swell the mass or tutti of an orchestra, but are not obbligato.
Ripler	Alt. of Ripper
Ripper	One who brings fish from the seacoast to markets in inland towns.
Ripost	In fencing, a return thrust after a parry.
Ripost	A quick and sharp refort; a repartee.
Ripper	One who, or that which, rips; a ripping tool.
Ripper	A tool for trimming the edges of roofing slates.
Ripper	Anything huge, extreme, startling, etc.
Ripple	An implement, with teeth like those of a comb, for removing the seeds and seed vessels from flax, broom corn, etc.
Ripple	To remove the seeds from (the stalks of flax, etc.), by means of a ripple.
Ripple	Hence, to scratch or tear.
Rippled	of Ripple
Rippling	of Ripple
Ripple	To become fretted or dimpled on the surface, as water when agitated or running over a rough bottom; to be covered with small waves or undulations, as a field of grain.
Ripple	To make a sound as of water running gently over a rough bottom, or the breaking of ripples on the shore.
Ripple	To fret or dimple, as the surface of running water; to cover with small waves or undulations; as, the breeze rippled the lake.
Ripple	The fretting or dimpling of the surface, as of running water; little curling waves.
Ripple	A little wave or undulation; a sound such as is made by little waves; as, a ripple of laughter.
Ripple	a small wave on the surface of water or other liquids for which the driving force is not gravity, but surface tension.
Ripple	the residual AC component in the DC current output from a rectifier, expressed as a percentage of the steady component of the current.
Ripple-marked	Having ripple marks.
Ripplet	A small ripple.
Ripplingly	In a rippling manner.
Ripply	Having ripples; as, ripply water; hence, resembling the sound of rippling water; as, ripply laughter; a ripply cove.
Riprap	A foundation or sustaining wall of stones thrown together without order, as in deep water or on a soft bottom.
Riprapped	of Riprap
Riprapping	of Riprap
Riprap	To form a riprap in or upon.
Ripsaw	A handsaw with coarse teeth which have but a slight set, used for cutting wood in the direction of the fiber; -- called also ripping saw.
Riptowel	A gratuity given to tenants after they had reaped their lord's corn.
Ris	A bough or branch; a twig.
Rose	of Rise
Risen	of Rise
Rising	of Rise
Rise	To move from a lower position to a higher; to ascend; to mount up. Specifically: -- (a) To go upward by walking, climbing, flying, or any other voluntary motion; as, a bird rises in the air; a fish rises to the bait.
Rise	To ascend or float in a fluid, as gases or vapors in air, cork in water, and the like.
Rise	To move upward under the influence of a projecting force; as, a bullet rises in the air.
Rise	To grow upward; to attain a certain height; as, this elm rises to the height of seventy feet.
Rise	To reach a higher level by increase of quantity or bulk; to swell; as, a river rises in its bed; the mercury rises in the thermometer.
Rise	To become erect; to assume an upright position; as, to rise from a chair or from a fall.
Rise	To leave one's bed; to arise; as, to rise early.
Rise	To tower up; to be heaved up; as, the Alps rise far above the sea.
Rise	To slope upward; as, a path, a line, or surface rises in this direction.
Rise	To retire; to give up a siege.
Rise	To swell or puff up in the process of fermentation; to become light, as dough, and the like.
Rise	To have the aspect or the effect of rising.
Rise	To appear above the horizont, as the sun, moon, stars, and the like.
Rise	To become apparent; to emerge into sight; to come forth; to appear; as, an eruption rises on the skin; the land rises to view to one sailing toward the shore.
Rise	To become perceptible to other senses than sight; as, a noise rose on the air; odor rises from the flower.
Rise	To have a beginning; to proceed; to originate; as, rivers rise in lakes or springs.
Rise	To increase in size, force, or value; to proceed toward a climax.
Rise	To increase in power or fury; -- said of wind or a storm, and hence, of passion.
Rise	To become of higher value; to increase in price.
Rise	To become larger; to swell; -- said of a boil, tumor, and the like.
Rise	To increase in intensity; -- said of heat.
Rise	To become louder, or higher in pitch, as the voice.
Rise	To increase in amount; to enlarge; as, his expenses rose beyond his expectations.
Rise	In various figurative senses.
Rise	To become excited, opposed, or hostile; to go to war; to take up arms; to rebel.
Rise	To attain to a better social position; to be promoted; to excel; to succeed.
Rise	To become more and more dignified or forcible; to increase in interest or power; -- said of style, thought, or discourse; as, to rise in force of expression; to rise in eloquence; a story rises in interest.
Rise	To come to mind; to be suggested; to occur.
Rise	To come; to offer itself.
Rise	To ascend from the grave; to come to life.
Rise	To terminate an official sitting; to adjourn; as, the committee rose after agreeing to the report.
Rise	To ascend on a musical scale; to take a higher pith; as, to rise a tone or semitone.
Rise	To be lifted, or to admit of being lifted, from the imposing stone without dropping any of the type; -- said of a form.
Rise	The act of rising, or the state of being risen.
Rise	The distance through which anything rises; as, the rise of the thermometer was ten degrees; the rise of the river was six feet; the rise of an arch or of a step.
Rise	Land which is somewhat higher than the rest; as, the house stood on a rise of land.
Rise	Spring; source; origin; as, the rise of a stream.
Rise	Appearance above the horizon; as, the rise of the sun or of a planet.
Rise	Increase; advance; augmentation, as of price, value, rank, property, fame, and the like.
Rise	Increase of sound; a swelling of the voice.
Rise	Elevation or ascent of the voice; upward change of key; as, a rise of a tone or semitone.
Rise	The spring of a fish to seize food (as a fly) near the surface of the water.
Risen	p. p. & a. from Rise.
Risen	Obs. imp. pl. of Rise.
Riser	One who rises; as, an early riser.
Riser	The upright piece of a step, from tread to tread.
Riser	Any small upright face, as of a seat, platform, veranda, or the like.
Riser	A shaft excavated from below upward.
Riser	A feed head. See under Feed, n.
Rish	A rush (the plant).
Risibility	The quality of being risible; as, risibility is peculiar to the human species.
Risible	Having the faculty or power of laughing; disposed to laugh.
Risible	Exciting laughter; worthy to be laughed at; amusing.
Risible	Used in, or expressing, laughter; as, risible muscles.
Rising	Attaining a higher place; taking, or moving in, an upward direction; appearing above the horizon; ascending; as, the rising moon.
Rising	Increasing in wealth, power, or distinction; as, a rising state; a rising character.
Rising	Growing; advancing to adult years and to the state of active life; as, the rising generation.
Rising	More than; exceeding; upwards of; as, a horse rising six years of age.
Rising	The act of one who, or that which, rises (in any sense).
Rising	That which rises; a tumor; a boil.
Risk	Hazard; danger; peril; exposure to loss, injury, or destruction.
Risk	Hazard of loss; liabillity to loss in property.
Risked	of Risk
Risking	of Risk
Risk	To expose to risk, hazard, or peril; to venture; as, to risk goods on board of a ship; to risk one's person in battle; to risk one's fame by a publication.
Risk	To incur the risk or danger of; as, to risk a battle.
Risker	One who risks or hazards.
Riskful	Risky.
Risky	Attended with risk or danger; hazardous.
Risorial	Pertaining to, or producing, laughter; as, the risorial muscles.
Risotto	A kind of pottage.
Risse	imp. of Rise.
Rissoid	Any one of very numerous species of small spiral gastropods of the genus Rissoa, or family Rissoidae, found both in fresh and salt water.
Rissole	A small ball of rich minced meat or fish, covered with pastry and fried.
Rist	3d pers. sing. pres. of Rise, contracted from riseth.
Rit	3d pers. sing. pres. of Ride, contracted from rideth.
Ritardando	Retarding; -- a direction for slower time; rallentado.
Rite	The act of performing divine or solemn service, as established by law, precept, or custom; a formal act of religion or other solemn duty; a solemn observance; a ceremony; as, the rites of freemasonry.
Ritenuto	Held back; holding back; ritardando.
Ritornelle	Alt. of Ritornello
Ritornello	A short return or repetition; a concluding symphony to an air, often consisting of the burden of the song.
Ritornello	A short intermediate symphony, or instrumental passage, in the course of a vocal piece; an interlude.
Ritratto	A picture.
Ritual	Of or pertaining to rites or ritual; as, ritual service or sacrifices; the ritual law.
Ritual	A prescribed form of performing divine service in a particular church or communion; as, the Jewish ritual.
Ritual	Hence, the code of ceremonies observed by an organization; as, the ritual of the freemasons.
Ritual	A book containing the rites to be observed.
Ritualism	A system founded upon a ritual or prescribed form of religious worship; adherence to, or observance of, a ritual.
Ritualism	Specifically :(a) The principles and practices of those in the Church of England, who in the development of the Oxford movement, so-called, have insisted upon a return to the use in church services of the symbolic ornaments (altar cloths, encharistic vestments, candles, etc.) that were sanctioned in the second year of Edward VI., and never, as they maintain, forbidden by competennt authority, although generally disused. Schaff-Herzog Encyc. (b) Also, the principles and practices of those in the Protestant Episcopal Church who sympathize with this party in the Church of England.
Ritualist	One skilled un, or attached to, a ritual; one who advocates or practices ritualism.
Ritualistic	Pertaining to, or in accordance with, a ritual; adhering to ritualism.
Ritually	By rites, or by a particular rite.
Rivage	A bank, shore, or coast.
Rivage	A duty paid to the crown for the passage of vessels on certain rivers.
Rival	A person having a common right or privilege with another; a partner.
Rival	One who is in pursuit of the same object as another; one striving to reach or obtain something which another is attempting to obtain, and which one only can posses; a competitor; as, rivals in love; rivals for a crown.
Rival	Having the same pretensions or claims; standing in competition for superiority; as, rival lovers; rival claims or pretensions.
Rivaled	of Rival
Rivalled	of Rival
Rivaling	of Rival
Rivalling	of Rival
Rival	To stand in competition with; to strive to gain some object in opposition to; as, to rival one in love.
Rival	To strive to equal or exel; to emulate.
Rival	To be in rivalry.
Rivaless	A female rival.
Rivality	Rivalry; competition.
Rivality	Equality, as of right or rank.
Rivalries	of Rivalry
Rivalry	The act of rivaling, or the state of being a rival; a competition.
Rivalship	Rivalry.
Rived	of Rive
Rived	of Rive
Riven	of Rive
Riving	of Rive
Rive	To rend asunder by force; to split; to cleave; as, to rive timber for rails or shingles.
Rive	To be split or rent asunder.
Rive	A place torn; a rent; a rift.
Riveled	of Rivel
Riveling	of Rivel
Rivel	To contract into wrinkles; to shrivel; to shrink; as, riveled fruit; riveled flowers.
Rivel	A wrinkle; a rimple.
Riven	p. p. & a. from Rive.
River	One who rives or splits.
River	A large stream of water flowing in a bed or channel and emptying into the ocean, a sea, a lake, or another stream; a stream larger than a rivulet or brook.
River	Fig.: A large stream; copious flow; abundance; as, rivers of blood; rivers of oil.
River	To hawk by the side of a river; to fly hawks at river fowl.
Rivered	Supplied with rivers; as, a well rivered country.
Riveret	A rivulet.
Riverhood	The quality or state of being a river.
Riverling	A rivulet.
Riverside	The side or bank of a river.
Rivery	Having rivers; as, a rivery country.
Rivet	A metallic pin with a head, used for uniting two plates or pieces of material together, by passing it through them and then beating or pressing down the point so that it shall spread out and form a second head; a pin or bolt headed or clinched at both ends.
Riveted	of Rivet
Riveting	of Rivet
Rivet	To fasten with a rivet, or with rivets; as, to rivet two pieces of iron.
Rivet	To spread out the end or point of, as of a metallic pin, rod, or bolt, by beating or pressing, so as to form a sort of head.
Rivet	Hence, to fasten firmly; to make firm, strong, or immovable; as, to rivet friendship or affection.
Riveter	One who rivets.
Riveting	The act of joining with rivets; the act of spreading out and clinching the end, as of a rivet, by beating or pressing.
Riveting	The whole set of rivets, collectively.
Rivose	Marked with sinuate and irregular furrows.
Rivulet	A small stream or brook; a streamlet.
Rixation	A brawl or quarrel.
Rixatrix	A scolding or quarrelsome woman; a scold.
Rixdaler	A Dutch silver coin, worth about $1.00.
Rix-dollar	A name given to several different silver coins of Denmark, Holland, Sweden,, NOrway, etc., varying in value from about 30 cents to $1.10; also, a British coin worth about 36 cents, used in Ceylon and at the Cape of Good Hope. See Rigsdaler, Riksdaler, and Rixdaler.
Rizzar	To dry in the sun; as, rizzared haddock.
Roach	A cockroach.
Roach	A European fresh-water fish of the Carp family (Leuciscus rutilus). It is silver-white, with a greenish back.
Roach	An American chub (Semotilus bullaris); the fallfish.
Roach	The redfin, or shiner.
Roach	A convex curve or arch cut in the edge of a sail to prevent chafing, or to secure a better fit.
Roach	To cause to arch.
Roach	To cut off, as a horse's mane, so that the part left shall stand upright.
Roach-backed	Having a back like that of roach; -- said of a horse whose back a convex instead of a concave curve.
Road	A journey, or stage of a journey.
Road	An inroad; an invasion; a raid.
Road	A place where one may ride; an open way or public passage for vehicles, persons, and animals; a track for travel, forming a means of communication between one city, town, or place, and another.
Road	A place where ships may ride at anchor at some distance from the shore; a roadstead; -- often in the plural; as, Hampton Roads.
Roadbed	In railroads, the bed or foundation on which the superstructure (ties, rails, etc.) rests; in common roads, the whole material laid in place and ready for travel.
Roadless	Destitute of roads.
Roadmaker	One who makes roads.
Roadside	Land adjoining a road or highway; the part of a road or highway that borders the traveled part. Also used ajectively.
Roadstead	An anchorage off shore. Same as Road, 4.
Roadster	A clumsy vessel that works its way from one anchorage to another by means of the tides.
Roadster	A horse that is accustomed to traveling on the high road, or is suitable for use on ordinary roads.
Roadster	A bicycle or tricycle adapted for common roads rather than for the racing track.
Roadster	One who drives much; a coach driver.
Roadster	A hunter who keeps to the roads instead of following the hounds across country.
Roadway	A road; especially, the part traveled by carriages.
Roamed	of Roam
Roaming	of Roam
Roam	To go from place to place without any certain purpose or direction; to rove; to wander.
Roam	To range or wander over.
Roam	The act of roaming; a wandering; a ramble; as, he began his roam o'er hill amd dale.
Roamer	One who roams; a wanderer.
Roan	Having a bay, chestnut, brown, or black color, with gray or white thickly interspersed; -- said of a horse.
Roan	Made of the leather called roan; as, roan binding.
Roan	The color of a roan horse; a roan color.
Roan	A roan horse.
Roan	A kind of leather used for slippers, bookbinding, etc., made from sheepskin, tanned with sumac and colored to imitate ungrained morocco.
Roared	of Roar
Roaring	of Roar
Roar	To cry with a full, loud, continued sound.
Roar	To bellow, or utter a deep, loud cry, as a lion or other beast.
Roar	To cry loudly, as in pain, distress, or anger.
Roar	To make a loud, confused sound, as winds, waves, passing vehicles, a crowd of persons when shouting together, or the like.
Roar	To be boisterous; to be disorderly.
Roar	To laugh out loudly and continuously; as, the hearers roared at his jokes.
Roar	To make a loud noise in breathing, as horses having a certain disease. See Roaring, 2.
Roar	To cry aloud; to proclaim loudly.
Roar	The sound of roaring.
Roar	The deep, loud cry of a wild beast; as, the roar of a lion.
Roar	The cry of one in pain, distress, anger, or the like.
Roar	A loud, continuous, and confused sound; as, the roar of a cannon, of the wind, or the waves; the roar of ocean.
Roar	A boisterous outcry or shouting, as in mirth.
Roarer	One who, or that which, roars.
Roarer	A riotous fellow; a roaring boy.
Roarer	A horse subject to roaring. See Roaring, 2.
Roarer	The barn owl.
Roaring	A loud, deep, prolonged sound, as of a large beast, or of a person in distress, anger, mirth, etc., or of a noisy congregation.
Roaring	An affection of the windpipe of a horse, causing a loud, peculiar noise in breathing under exertion; the making of the noise so caused. See Roar, v. i., 5.
Roaringly	In a roaring manner.
Roasted	of Roast
Roasting	of Roast
Roast	To cook by exposure to radiant heat before a fire; as, to roast meat on a spit, or in an oven open toward the fire and having reflecting surfaces within; also, to cook in a close oven.
Roast	To cook by surrounding with hot embers, ashes, sand, etc.; as, to roast a potato in ashes.
Roast	To dry and parch by exposure to heat; as, to roast coffee; to roast chestnuts, or peanuts.
Roast	Hence, to heat to excess; to heat violently; to burn.
Roast	To dissipate by heat the volatile parts of, as ores.
Roast	To banter severely.
Roast	To cook meat, fish, etc., by heat, as before the fire or in an oven.
Roast	To undergo the process of being roasted.
Roast	That which is roasted; a piece of meat which has been roasted, or is suitable for being roasted.
Roast	Roasted; as, roast beef.
Roaster	One who roasts meat.
Roaster	A contrivance for roasting.
Roaster	A pig, or other article of food fit for roasting.
Roasting	a. & n., from Roast, v.
Rob	The inspissated juice of ripe fruit, obtained by evaporation of the juice over a fire till it acquires the consistence of a sirup. It is sometimes mixed with honey or sugar.
Robbed	of Rob
Robbing	of Rob
Rob	To take (something) away from by force; to strip by stealing; to plunder; to pillage; to steal from.
Rob	To take the property of (any one) from his person, or in his presence, feloniously, and against his will, by violence or by putting him in fear.
Rob	To deprive of, or withhold from, unjustly or injuriously; to defraud; as, to rob one of his rest, or of his good name; a tree robs the plants near it of sunlight.
Rob	To take that which belongs to another, without right or permission, esp. by violence.
Roband	See Roperand.
Robber	One who robs; in law, one who feloniously takes goods or money from the person of another by violence or by putting him in fear.
Robberies	of Robbery
Robbery	The act or practice of robbing; theft.
Robbery	The crime of robbing. See Rob, v. t., 2.
Robbin	A kind of package in which pepper and other dry commodities are sometimes exported from the East Indies. The robbin of rice in Malabar weighs about 84 pounds.
Robbin	See Ropeband.
Robe	An outer garment; a dress of a rich, flowing, and elegant style or make; hence, a dress of state, rank, office, or the like.
Robe	A skin of an animal, especially, a skin of the bison, dressed with the fur on, and used as a wrap.
Robed	of Robe
Robing	of Robe
Robe	To invest with a robe or robes; to dress; to array; as, fields robed with green.
Robe-de-chambre	A dressing gown, or morning gown.
-men	of Robertsman
Roberdsman	Alt. of Robertsman
Robertsman	A bold, stout robber, or night thief; -- said to be so called from Robin Hood.
Robert	See Herb Robert, under Herb.
Robin	A small European singing bird (Erythacus rubecula), having a reddish breast; -- called also robin redbreast, robinet, and ruddock.
Robin	An American singing bird (Merula migratoria), having the breast chestnut, or dull red. The upper parts are olive-gray, the head and tail blackish. Called also robin redbreast, and migratory thrush.
Robin	Any one of several species of Australian warblers of the genera Petroica, Melanadrays, and allied genera; as, the scarlet-breasted robin (Petroica mullticolor).
Robin	Any one of several Asiatic birds; as, the Indian robins. See Indian robin, below.
Robinet	The chaffinch; -- called also roberd.
Robinet	The European robin.
Robinet	A military engine formerly used for throwing darts and stones.
Robing	The act of putting on a robe.
Robin Goodfellow	A celebrated fairy; Puck. See Puck.
Robinia	A genus of leguminous trees including the common locust of North America (Robinia Pseudocacia).
Roborant	Strengthening.
Roborant	A strengthening medicine; a tonic.
Roborate	To give strength or support to; to confirm.
Roboration	The act of strengthening.
Roborean	Alt. of Roboreous
Roboreous	Made of oak.
Robust	Evincing strength; indicating vigorous health; strong; sinewy; muscular; vigorous; sound; as, a robust body; robust youth; robust health.
Robust	Violent; rough; rude.
Robust	Requiring strength or vigor; as, robust employment.
Robustious	Robust.
Robustly	In a robust manner.
Robustness	The quality or state of being robust.
Roc	A monstrous bird of Arabian mythology.
Rocambole	A name of Allium Scorodoprasum and A. Ascalonium, two kinds of garlic, the latter of which is also called shallot.
Roccellic	Pertaining to, or designating, a dibasic acid of the oxalic series found in archil (Roccella tinctoria, etc.), and other lichens, and extracted as a white crystalline substance C17H32O4.
Roccellin	A red dyestuff, used as a substitute for cochineal, archil, etc.  It consists of the sodium salt of a complex azo derivative of naphtol.
Roche	Rock.
Roche alum	A kind of alum occuring in small fragments; -- so called from Rocca, in Syria, whence alum is said to have been obtained; -- also called rock alum.
Rochelime	Lime in the lump after it is burned; quicklime.
Rochelle	A seaport town in France.
Roche moutonnee	See Sheepback.
Rochet	A linen garment resembling the surplise, but with narrower sleeves, also without sleeves, worn by bishops, and by some other ecclesiastical dignitaries, in certain religious ceremonies.
Rochet	A frock or outer garment worn in the thirteenth and fourteenth centuries.
Rochet	The red gurnard, or gurnet. See Gurnard.
Roching cask	A tank in which alum is crystallized from a solution.
Rock	See Roc.
Rock	A distaff used in spinning; the staff or frame about which flax is arranged, and from which the thread is drawn in spinning.
Rock	A large concreted mass of stony material; a large fixed stone or crag. See Stone.
Rock	Any natural deposit forming a part of the earth's crust, whether consolidated or not, including sand, earth, clay, etc., when in natural beds.
Rock	That which resembles a rock in firmness; a defense; a support; a refuge.
Rock	Fig.: Anything which causes a disaster or wreck resembling the wreck of a vessel upon a rock.
Rock	The striped bass. See under Bass.
Rocked	of Rock
Rocking	of Rock
Rock	To cause to sway backward and forward, as a body resting on a support beneath; as, to rock a cradle or chair; to cause to vibrate; to cause to reel or totter.
Rock	To move as in a cradle; hence, to put to sleep by rocking; to still; to quiet.
Rock	To move or be moved backward and forward; to be violently agitated; to reel; to totter.
Rock	To roll or saway backward and forward upon a support; as, to rock in a rocking-chair.
Rockaway	Formerly, a light, low, four-wheeled carriage, with standing top, open at the sides, but having waterproof curtains which could be let down when occasion required; now, a somewhat similar, but heavier, carriage, inclosed, except in front, and having a door at each side.
Rockelay	Alt. of Rocklay
Rocklay	See Rokelay.
Rocker	One who rocks; specifically, one who rocks a cradle.
Rocker	One of the curving pieces of wood or metal on which a cradle, chair, etc., rocks.
Rocker	Any implement or machine working with a rocking motion, as a trough mounted on rockers for separating gold dust from gravel, etc., by agitation in water.
Rocker	A play horse on rockers; a rocking-horse.
Rocker	A chair mounted on rockers; a rocking-chair.
Rocker	A skate with a curved blade, somewhat resembling in shape the rocker of a cradle.
Rocker	Same as Rock shaft.
Rockered	Shaped like a rocker; curved; as, a rockered keel.
Rockery	A mound formed of fragments of rock, earth, etc., and set with plants.
Rocket	A cruciferous plant (Eruca sativa) sometimes eaten in Europe as a salad.
Rocket	Damewort.
Rocket	Rocket larkspur. See below.
Rocket	An artificial firework consisting of a cylindrical case of paper or metal filled with a composition of combustible ingredients, as niter, charcoal, and sulphur, and fastened to a guiding stick. The rocket is projected through the air by the force arising from the expansion of the gases liberated by combustion of the composition. Rockets are used as projectiles for various purposes, for signals, and also for pyrotechnic display.
Rocket	A blunt lance head used in the joust.
Rocketed	of Rocket
Rocketing	of Rocket
Rocket	To rise straight up; said of birds; usually in the present participle or as an adjective.
Rocketer	A bird, especially a pheasant, which, being flushed, rises straight in the air like a rocket.
Rockfish	Any one of several California scorpaenoid food fishes of the genus Sebastichthys, as the red rockfish (S. ruber). They are among the most important of California market fishes. Called also rock cod, and garrupa.
Rockfish	The striped bass. See Bass.
Rockfish	Any one of several species of Florida and Bermuda groupers of the genus Epinephelus.
Rockfish	An American fresh-water darter; the log perch.
Rockiness	The state or quality of being rocky.
Rocking	Having a swaying, rolling, or back-and-forth movement; used for rocking.
Rocking-chair	A chair mounted on rockers, in which one may rock.
Rocking-horse	The figure of a horse, mounted upon rockers, for children to ride.
Rocking-stone	A stone, often of great size and weight, resting upon another stone, and so exactly poised that it can be rocked, or slightly moved, with but little force.
Rockless	Being without rocks.
Rockling	Any species of small marine fishes of the genera Onos and Rhinonemus (formerly Motella), allied to the cod. They have three or four barbels.
Rockrose	A name given to any species of the genus Helianthemum, low shrubs or herbs with yellow flowers, especially the European H. vulgare and the American frostweed, H. Canadense.
Rock shaft	A shaft that oscillates on its journals, instead of revolving, -- usually carrying levers by means of which it receives and communicates reciprocating motion, as in the valve gear of some steam engines; -- called also rocker, rocking shaft, and way shaft.
Rock staff	An oscillating bar in a machine, as the lever of the bellows of a forge.
Rocksucker	A lamprey.
Rockweed	Any coarse seaweed growing on sea-washed rocks, especially Fucus.
Rockwood	Ligniform asbestus; also, fossil wood.
Rockwork	Stonework in which the surface is left broken and rough.
Rockwork	A rockery.
Rocky	Full of, or abounding in, rocks; consisting of rocks; as, a rocky mountain; a rocky shore.
Rocky	Like a rock; as, the rocky orb of a shield.
Rocky	Fig.: Not easily impressed or affected; hard; unfeeling; obdurate; as, a rocky bosom.
Rocoa	The orange-colored pulp covering the seeds of the tropical plant Bixa Orellana, from which annotto is prepared. See Annoto.
Rococo	A florid style of ornamentation which prevailed in Europe in the latter part of the eighteenth century.
Rococo	Of or pertaining to the style called rococo; like rococo; florid; fantastic.
Rod	A straight and slender stick; a wand; hence, any slender bar, as of wood or metal (applied to various purposes).
Rod	An instrument of punishment or correction; figuratively, chastisement.
Rod	A kind of sceptor, or badge of office; hence, figuratively, power; authority; tyranny; oppression.
Rod	A support for a fishing line; a fish pole.
Rod	A member used in tension, as for sustaining a suspended weight, or in tension and compression, as for transmitting reciprocating motion, etc.; a connecting bar. 
Rod	An instrument for measuring.
Rod	A measure of length containing sixteen and a half feet; -- called also perch, and pole.
Roddy	Full of rods or twigs.
Roddy	Ruddy.
Rode	Redness; complexion.
Rode	imp. of Ride.
Rode	See Rood, the cross.
Rodent	Gnawing; biting; corroding; (Med.) applied to a destructive variety of cancer or ulcer.
Rodent	Gnawing.
Rodent	Of or pertaining to the Rodentia.
Rodent	One of the Rodentia.
Rodentia	An order of mammals having two (rarely four) large incisor teeth in each jaw, distant from the molar teeth. The rats, squirrels, rabbits, marmots, and beavers belong to this order.
Rodeo	A round-up. See Round-up.
Rodge	The gadwall.
Rodomel	Juice of roses mixed with honey.
Rodomont	A vain or blustering boaster; a braggart; a braggadocio.
Rodomont	Bragging; vainly boasting.
Rodomontade	Vain boasting; empty bluster or vaunting; rant.
Rodomontade	To boast; to brag; to bluster; to rant.
Rodomontadist	One who boasts.
Rodomontado	Rodomontade.
Rodomontador	A rodomontadist.
Rodsmen	of Rodsman
Rodsman	One who carries and holds a leveling staff, or rod, in a surveying party.
Rody	Ruddy.
Roe	A roebuck. See Roebuck.
Roe	The female of any species of deer.
Roe	The ova or spawn of fishes and amphibians, especially when still inclosed in the ovarian membranes. Sometimes applied, loosely, to the sperm and the testes of the male.
Roe	A mottled appearance of light and shade in wood, especially in mahogany.
Roebuck	A small European and Asiatic deer (Capreolus capraea) having erect, cylindrical, branched antlers, forked at the summit. This, the smallest European deer, is very nimble and graceful. It always prefers a mountainous country, or high grounds.
Roed	Filled with roe.
Roedeer	The roebuck.
Roestone	Same as Oolite.
Rogation	The demand, by the consuls or tribunes, of a law to be passed by the people; a proposed law or decree.
Rogation	Litany; supplication.
Rogatory	Seeking information; authorized to examine witnesses or ascertain facts; as, a rogatory commission.
Rogue	A vagrant; an idle, sturdy beggar; a vagabond; a tramp.
Rogue	A deliberately dishonest person; a knave; a cheat.
Rogue	One who is pleasantly mischievous or frolicsome; hence, often used as a term of endearment.
Rogue	An elephant that has separated from a herd and roams about alone, in which state it is very savage.
Rogue	A worthless plant occuring among seedlings of some choice variety.
Rogue	To wander; to play the vagabond; to play knavish tricks.
Rogue	To give the name or designation of rogue to; to decry.
Rogue	To destroy (plants that do not come up to a required standard).
Roguery	The life of a vargant.
Roguery	The practices of a rogue; knavish tricks; cheating; fraud; dishonest practices.
Roguery	Arch tricks; mischievousness.
Rogueship	The quality or state of being a rogue.
Roguish	Vagrant.
Roguish	Resembling, or characteristic of, a rogue; knavish.
Roguish	Pleasantly mischievous; waggish; arch.
Roguy	Roguish.
Rohob	An inspissated juice. See Rob.
Roial	Royal.
Roiled	of Roil
Roiling	of Roil
Roil	To render turbid by stirring up the dregs or sediment of; as, to roil wine, cider, etc. , in casks or bottles; to roil a spring.
Roil	To disturb, as the temper; to ruffle the temper of; to rouse the passion of resentment in; to perplex.
Roil	To wander; to roam.
Roil	To romp.
Roily	Turbid; as, roily water.
Roin	See Royne.
Roin	A scab; a scurf, or scurfy spot.
Roinish	See Roynish.
Roint	See Aroint.
Roist	See Roister.
Roister	To bluster; to swagger; to bully; to be bold, noisy, vaunting, or turbulent.
Roister	See Roisterer.
Roisterer	A blustering, turbulent fellow.
Roisterly	Blustering; violent.
Roisterly	In a roistering manner.
Rokambole	See Rocambole.
Roke	Mist; smoke; damp
Roke	A vein of ore.
Rokeage	Alt. of Rokee
Rokee	Parched Indian corn, pounded up and mixed with sugar; -- called also yokeage.
Rokelay	A short cloak.
Roky	Misty; foggy; cloudy.
Role	A part, or character, performed by an actor in a drama; hence, a part of function taken or assumed by any one; as, he has now taken the role of philanthropist.
Rolled	of Roll
Rolling	of Roll
Roll	To cause to revolve by turning over and over; to move by turning on an axis; to impel forward by causing to turn over and over on a supporting surface; as, to roll a wheel, a ball, or a barrel.
Roll	To wrap round on itself; to form into a spherical or cylindrical body by causing to turn over and over; as, to roll a sheet of paper; to roll parchment; to roll clay or putty into a ball.
Roll	To bind or involve by winding, as in a bandage; to inwrap; -- often with up; as, to roll up a parcel.
Roll	To drive or impel forward with an easy motion, as of rolling; as, a river rolls its waters to the ocean.
Roll	To utter copiously, esp. with sounding words; to utter with a deep sound; -- often with forth, or out; as, to roll forth some one's praises; to roll out sentences.
Roll	To press or level with a roller; to spread or form with a roll, roller, or rollers; as, to roll a field; to roll paste; to roll steel rails, etc.
Roll	To move, or cause to be moved, upon, or by means of, rollers or small wheels.
Roll	To beat with rapid, continuous strokes, as a drum; to sound a roll upon.
Roll	To apply (one line or surface) to another without slipping; to bring all the parts of (one line or surface) into successive contact with another, in suck manner that at every instant the parts that have been in contact are equal.
Roll	To turn over in one's mind; to revolve.
Roll	To move, as a curved object may, along a surface by rotation without sliding; to revolve upon an axis; to turn over and over; as, a ball or wheel rolls on the earth; a body rolls on an inclined plane.
Roll	To move on wheels; as, the carriage rolls along the street.
Roll	To be wound or formed into a cylinder or ball; as, the cloth rolls unevenly; the snow rolls well.
Roll	To fall or tumble; -- with over; as, a stream rolls over a precipice.
Roll	To perform a periodical revolution; to move onward as with a revolution; as, the rolling year; ages roll away.
Roll	To turn; to move circularly.
Roll	To move, as waves or billows, with alternate swell and depression.
Roll	To incline first to one side, then to the other; to rock; as, there is a great difference in ships about rolling; in a general semse, to be tossed about.
Roll	To turn over, or from side to side, while lying down; to wallow; as, a horse rolls.
Roll	To spread under a roller or rolling-pin; as, the paste rolls well.
Roll	To beat a drum with strokes so rapid that they can scarcely be distinguished by the ear.
Roll	To make a loud or heavy rumbling noise; as, the thunder rolls.
Roll	The act of rolling, or state of being rolled; as, the roll of a ball; the roll of waves.
Roll	That which rolls; a roller.
Roll	A heavy cylinder used to break clods.
Roll	One of a set of revolving cylinders, or rollers, between which metal is pressed, formed, or smoothed, as in a rolling mill; as, to pass rails through the rolls.
Roll	That which is rolled up; as, a roll of fat, of wool, paper, cloth, etc.
Roll	A document written on a piece of parchment, paper, or other materials which may be rolled up; a scroll.
Roll	Hence, an official or public document; a register; a record; also, a catalogue; a list.
Roll	A quantity of cloth wound into a cylindrical form; as, a roll of carpeting; a roll of ribbon.
Roll	A cylindrical twist of tobacco.
Roll	A kind of shortened raised biscuit or bread, often rolled or doubled upon itself.
Roll	The oscillating movement of a vessel from side to side, in sea way, as distinguished from the alternate rise and fall of bow and stern called pitching.
Roll	A heavy, reverberatory sound; as, the roll of cannon, or of thunder.
Roll	The uniform beating of a drum with strokes so rapid as scarcely to be distinguished by the ear.
Roll	Part; office; duty; role.
Rollable	Capable of being rolled.
Roller	One who, or that which, rolls; especially, a cylinder, sometimes grooved, of wood, stone, metal, etc., used in husbandry and the arts.
Roller	A bandage; a fillet; properly, a long and broad bandage used in surgery.
Roller	One of series of long, heavy waves which roll in upon a coast, sometimes in calm weather.
Roller	A long, belt-formed towel, to be suspended on a rolling cylinder; -- called also roller towel.
Roller	A cylinder coated with a composition made principally of glue and molassess, with which forms of type are inked previously to taking an impression from them.
Roller	A long cylinder on which something is rolled up; as, the roller of a man.
Roller	A small wheel, as of a caster, a roller skate, etc.
Roller	ANy insect whose larva rolls up leaves; a leaf roller. see Tortrix.
Roller	Any one of numerous species of Old World picarian birds of the family Coraciadae. The name alludes to their habit of suddenly turning over or "tumbling" in flight.
Roller	Any species of small ground snakes of the family Tortricidae.
Rolley	A small wagon used for the underground work of a mine.
Rollicked	of Rollic
Rollicking	of Rollic
Rollic	To move or play in a careless, swaggering manner, with a frolicsome air; to frolic; to sport; commonly in the form rollicking.
Rolling	Rotating on an axis, or moving along a surface by rotation; turning over and over as if on an axis or a pivot; as, a rolling wheel or ball.
Rolling	Moving on wheels or rollers, or as if on wheels or rollers; as, a rolling chair.
Rolling	Having gradual, rounded undulations of surface; as, a rolling country; rolling land.
Rolling-pin	A cylindrical piece of wood or other material, with which paste or dough may be rolled out and reduced to a proper thickness.
Rollway	A place prepared for rolling logs into a stream.
Rolly-poly	A kind of pudding made of paste spread with fruit, rolled into a cylindrical form, and boiled or steamed.
Rolly-poly	Shaped like a rolly-poly; short and stout.
Rolly-pooly	A game in which a ball, rolling into a certain place, wins.
Roly-poly	Rolly-poly.
Romage	See Rummage.
Romaic	Of or relating to modern Greece, and especially to its language.
Romaic	The modern Greek language, now usually called by the Greeks Hellenic or Neo-Hellenic.
Roman	Of or pertaining to Rome, or the Roman people; like or characteristic of Rome, the Roman people, or things done by Romans; as, Roman fortitude; a Roman aqueduct; Roman art.
Roman	Of or pertaining to the Roman Catholic religion; professing that religion.
Roman	Upright; erect; -- said of the letters or kind of type ordinarily used, as distinguished from Italic characters.
Roman	Expressed in letters, not in figures, as I., IV., i., iv., etc.; -- said of numerals, as distinguished from the Arabic numerals, 1, 4, etc.
Roman	A native, or permanent resident, of Rome; a citizen of Rome, or one upon whom certain rights and privileges of a Roman citizen were conferred.
Roman	Roman type, letters, or print, collectively; -- in distinction from Italics.
Romance	A species of fictitious writing, originally composed in meter in the Romance dialects, and afterward in prose, such as the tales of the court of Arthur, and of Amadis of Gaul; hence, any fictitious and wonderful tale; a sort of novel, especially one which treats of surprising adventures usually befalling a hero or a heroine; a tale of extravagant adventures, of love, and the like.
Romance	An adventure, or series of extraordinary events, resembling those narrated in romances; as, his courtship, or his life, was a romance.
Romance	A dreamy, imaginative habit of mind; a disposition to ignore what is real; as, a girl full of romance.
Romance	The languages, or rather the several dialects, which were originally forms of popular or vulgar Latin, and have now developed into Italian. Spanish, French, etc. (called the Romanic languages).
Romance	A short lyric tale set to music; a song or short instrumental piece in ballad style; a romanza.
Romance	Of or pertaining to the language or dialects known as Romance.
Romanced	of Romance
Romancing	of Romance
Romance	To write or tell romances; to indulge in extravagant stories.
Romancer	One who romances.
Romancist	A romancer.
Romancy	Romantic.
Romanesque	Somewhat resembling the Roman; -- applied sometimes to the debased style of the later Roman empire, but esp. to the more developed architecture prevailing from the 8th century to the 12th.
Romanesque	Of or pertaining to romance or fable; fanciful.
Romanesque	Romanesque style.
Romanic	Of or pertaining to Rome or its people.
Romanic	Of or pertaining to any or all of the various languages which, during the Middle Ages, sprung out of the old Roman, or popular form of Latin, as the Italian, Spanish, Portuguese, French, Provencal, etc.
Romanic	Related to the Roman people by descent; -- said especially of races and nations speaking any of the Romanic tongues.
Romanish	Pertaining to Romanism.
Romanism	The tenets of the Church of Rome; the Roman Catholic religion.
Romanist	One who adheres to Romanism.
Romanized	of Romanize
Romanizing	of Romanize
Romanize	To Latinize; to fill with Latin words or idioms.
Romanize	To convert to the Roman Catholic religion.
Romanize	To use Latin words and idioms.
Romanize	To conform to Roman Catholic opinions, customs, or modes of speech.
Romanizer	One who Romanizes.
Romansch	The language of the Grisons in Switzerland, a corruption of the Latin.
Romant	A romaunt.
Romantic	Of or pertaining to romance; involving or resembling romance; hence, fanciful; marvelous; extravagant; unreal; as, a romantic tale; a romantic notion; a romantic undertaking.
Romantic	Entertaining ideas and expectations suited to a romance; as, a romantic person; a romantic mind.
Romantic	Of or pertaining to the style of the Christian and popular literature of the Middle Ages, as opposed to the classical antique; of the nature of, or appropriate to, that style; as, the romantic school of poets.
Romantic	Characterized by strangeness or variety; suggestive of adventure; suited to romance; wild; picturesque; -- applied to scenery; as, a romantic landscape.
Romantical	Romantic.
Romanticaly	In a romantic manner.
Romanticism	A fondness for romantic characteristics or peculiarities; specifically, in modern literature, an aiming at romantic effects; -- applied to the productions of a school of writers who sought to revive certain medi/val forms and methods in opposition to the so-called classical style.
Romanticist	One who advocates romanticism in modern literature.
Romanticly	Romantically.
Romanticness	The state or quality of being romantic; widness; fancifulness.
Romany	A gypsy.
Romany	The language spoken among themselves by the gypsies.
Romanza	See Romance, 5.
Romaunt	A romantic story in verse; as, the "Romaunt of the Rose."
Romble	Rumble.
Rombowline	Old, condemned canvas, rope, etc., unfit for use except in chafing gear.
Romeine	Alt. of Romeite
Romeite	A mineral of a hyacinth or honey-yellow color, occuring in square octahedrons. It is an antimonate of calcium.
Romekin	A drinking cup.
Rome penny	Alt. of Rome scot
Rome scot	See Peter pence, under Peter.
Romeward	Toward Rome, or toward the Roman Catholic Church.
Romeward	Tending or directed toward Rome, or toward the Roman Catholic Church.
Romic	A method of notation for all spoken sounds, proposed by Mr. Sweet; -- so called because it is based on the common Roman-letter alphabet. It is like the palaeotype of Mr. Ellis in the general plan, but simpler.
Romish	Belonging or relating to Rome, or to the Roman Catholic Church; -- frequently used in a disparaging sense; as, the Romish church; the Romish religion, ritual, or ceremonies.
Romist	A Roman Catholic.
Romped	of Romp
Romping	of Romp
Romp	To play rudely and boisterously; to leap and frisk about in play.
Romp	A girl who indulges in boisterous play.
Romp	Rude, boisterous play or frolic; rough sport.
Romping	Inclined to romp; indulging in romps.
Rompingly	In a romping manner.
Rompish	Given to rude play; inclined to romp.
Rompu	Broken, as an ordinary; cut off, or broken at the top, as a chevron, a bend, or the like.
Roncador	Any one of several species of California sciaenoid food fishes, especially Roncador Stearnsi, which is an excellent market fish, and the red roncador (Corvina, / Johnius, saturna).
Ronchil	An American marine food fish (Bathymaster signatus) of the North Pacific coast, allied to the tilefish.
Ronco	See Croaker, n., 2. (a).
Rondache	A circular shield carried by foot soldiers.
Ronde	A kind of script in which the heavy strokes are nearly upright, giving the characters when taken together a round look.
Rondeau	A species of lyric poetry so composed as to contain a refrain or repetition which recurs according to a fixed law, and a limited number of rhymes recurring also by rule.
Rondeau	See Rondo, 1.
Rondel	A small round tower erected at the foot of a bastion.
Rondel	Same as Rondeau.
Rondel	Specifically, a particular form of rondeau containing fourteen lines in two rhymes, the refrain being a repetition of the first and second lines as the seventh and eighth, and again as the thirteenth and fourteenth.
Rondeletia	A tropical genus of rubiaceous shrubs which often have brilliant flowers.
Rondle	A rondeau.
Rondle	A round mass, plate, or disk; especially (Metal.), the crust or scale which forms upon the surface of molten metal in the crucible.
Rondo	A composition, vocal or instrumental, commonly of a lively, cheerful character, in which the first strain recurs after each of the other strains.
Rondo	See Rondeau, 1.
Rondure	A round; a circle.
Rondure	Roundness; plumpness.
Rong	imp. & p. p. of Ring.
Rong	Rung (of a ladder).
Rongeur	An instrument for removing small rough portions of bone.
Ronion	Alt. of Ronyon
Ronyon	A mangy or scabby creature.
Ronne	obs. imp. pl.
Ronnen	obs. p. p. of Renne, to run.
Ront	A runt.
Rood	A representation in sculpture or in painting of the cross with Christ hanging on it.
Rood	A measure of five and a half yards in length; a rod; a perch; a pole.
Rood	The fourth part of an acre, or forty square rods.
Roodebok	The pallah.
Roody	Rank in growth.
Roof	The cover of any building, including the roofing (see Roofing) and all the materials and construction necessary to carry and maintain the same upon the walls or other uprights. In the case of a building with vaulted ceilings protected by an outer roof, some writers call the vault the roof, and the outer protection the roof mask. It is better, however, to consider the vault as the ceiling only, in cases where it has farther covering.
Roof	That which resembles, or corresponds to, the covering or the ceiling of a house; as, the roof of a cavern; the roof of the mouth.
Roof	The surface or bed of rock immediately overlying a bed of coal or a flat vein.
Roofed	of Roof
Roofing	of Roof
Roof	To cover with a roof.
Roof	To inclose in a house; figuratively, to shelter.
Roofer	One who puts on roofs.
Roofing	The act of covering with a roof.
Roofing	The materials of which a roof is composed; materials for a roof.
Roofing	Hence, the roof itself; figuratively, shelter.
Roofing	The wedging, as of a horse or car, against the top of an underground passage.
Roofless	Having no roof; as, a roofless house.
Roofless	Having no house or home; shelterless; homeless.
Rooflet	A small roof, covering, or shelter.
Rooftree	The beam in the angle of a roof; hence, the roof itself.
Roofy	Having roofs.
Rook	Mist; fog. See Roke.
Rook	To squat; to ruck.
Rook	One of the four pieces placed on the corner squares of the board; a castle.
Rook	A European bird (Corvus frugilegus) resembling the crow, but smaller. It is black, with purple and violet reflections. The base of the beak and the region around it are covered with a rough, scabrous skin, which in old birds is whitish. It is gregarious in its habits. The name is also applied to related Asiatic species.
Rook	A trickish, rapacious fellow; a cheat; a sharper.
Rooked	of Rook
Rooking	of Rook
Rook	To cheat; to defraud by cheating.
Rookeries	of Rookery
Rookery	The breeding place of a colony of rooks; also, the birds themselves.
Rookery	A breeding place of other gregarious birds, as of herons, penguins, etc.
Rookery	The breeding ground of seals, esp. of the fur seals.
Rookery	A dilapidated building with many rooms and occupants; a cluster of dilapidated or mean buildings.
Rookery	A brothel.
Rooky	Misty; gloomy.
Room	Unobstructed spase; space which may be occupied by or devoted to any object; compass; extent of place, great or small; as, there is not room for a house; the table takes up too much room.
Room	A particular portion of space appropriated for occupancy; a place to sit, stand, or lie; a seat.
Room	Especially, space in a building or ship inclosed or set apart by a partition; an apartment or chamber.
Room	Place or position in society; office; rank; post; station; also, a place or station once belonging to, or occupied by, another, and vacated.
Room	Possibility of admission; ability to admit; opportunity to act; fit occasion; as, to leave room for hope.
Roomed	of Room
Rooming	of Room
Room	To occupy a room or rooms; to lodge; as, they arranged to room together.
Room	Spacious; roomy.
Roomage	Space; place; room.
Roomer	A lodger.
Roomer	At a greater distance; farther off.
Roomful	Abounding with room or rooms; roomy.
Roomfuls	of Roomful
Roomful	As much or many as a room will hold; as, a roomful of men.
Roomily	Spaciously.
Roominess	The quality or state of being roomy; spaciousness; as, the roominess of a hall.
Roomless	Being without room or rooms.
Roommate	One of twe or more occupying the same room or rooms; one who shares the occupancy of a room or rooms; a chum.
Roomsome	Roomy.
Roomth	Room; space.
Roomthy	Roomy; spacious.
Roomy	Having ample room; spacious; large; as, a roomy mansion; a roomy deck.
Roon	Vermilion red; red.
Roop	See Roup.
Roorback	Alt. of Roorbach
Roorbach	A defamatory forgery or falsehood published for purposes of political intrigue.
Roosa oil	The East Indian name for grass oil. See under Grass.
Roost	Roast.
Roost	See Roust, v. t.
Roost	The pole or other support on which fowls rest at night; a perch.
Roost	A collection of fowls roosting together.
Roosted	of Roost
Roosting	of Roost
Roost	To sit, rest, or sleep, as fowls on a pole, limb of a tree, etc.; to perch.
Roost	Fig.; To lodge; to rest; to sleep.
Roostcock	The male of the domestic fowl; a cock.
Rooster	The male of the domestic fowl; a cock.
Root	To turn up the earth with the snout, as swine.
Root	Hence, to seek for favor or advancement by low arts or groveling servility; to fawn servilely.
Root	To turn up or to dig out with the snout; as, the swine roots the earth.
Root	The underground portion of a plant, whether a true root or a tuber, a bulb or rootstock, as in the potato, the onion, or the sweet flag.
Root	The descending, and commonly branching, axis of a plant, increasing in length by growth at its extremity only, not divided into joints, leafless and without buds, and having for its offices to fix the plant in the earth, to supply it with moisture and soluble matters, and sometimes to serve as a reservoir of nutriment for future growth. A true root, however, may never reach the ground, but may be attached to a wall, etc., as in the ivy, or may hang loosely in the air, as in some epiphytic orchids.
Root	An edible or esculent root, especially of such plants as produce a single root, as the beet, carrot, etc.; as, the root crop.
Root	That which resembles a root in position or function, esp. as a source of nourishment or support; that from which anything proceeds as if by growth or development; as, the root of a tooth, a nail, a cancer, and the like.
Root	An ancestor or progenitor; and hence, an early race; a stem.
Root	A primitive form of speech; one of the earliest terms employed in language; a word from which other words are formed; a radix, or radical.
Root	The cause or occasion by which anything is brought about; the source.
Root	That factor of a quantity which when multiplied into itself will produce that quantity; thus, 3 is a root of 9, because 3 multiplied into itself produces 9; 3 is the cube root of 27.
Root	The fundamental tone of any chord; the tone from whose harmonics, or overtones, a chord is composed.
Root	The lowest place, position, or part.
Root	The time which to reckon in making calculations.
Rooted	of Root
Rooting	of Root
Root	To fix the root; to enter the earth, as roots; to take root and begin to grow.
Root	To be firmly fixed; to be established.
Root	To plant and fix deeply in the earth, or as in the earth; to implant firmly; hence, to make deep or radical; to establish; -- used chiefly in the participle; as, rooted trees or forests; rooted dislike.
Root	To tear up by the root; to eradicate; to extirpate; -- with up, out, or away.
Rootcap	A mass of parenchymatous cells which covers and protects the growing cells at the end of a root; a pileorhiza.
Rooted	Having taken root; firmly implanted; fixed in the heart.
Rooter	One who, or that which, roots; one that tears up by the roots.
Rootery	A pile of roots, set with plants, mosses, etc., and used as an ornamental object in gardening.
Rootless	Destitute of roots.
Rootlet	A radicle; a little root.
Rootstock	A perennial underground stem, producing leafly s/ems or flower stems from year to year; a rhizome.
Rooty	Full of roots; as, rooty ground.
Ropalic	See Rhopalic.
Rope	A large, stout cord, usually one not less than an inch in circumference, made of strands twisted or braided together. It differs from cord, line, and string, only in its size. See Cordage.
Rope	A row or string consisting of a number of things united, as by braiding, twining, etc.; as, a rope of onions.
Rope	The small intestines; as, the ropes of birds.
Roped	of Rope
Roping	of Rope
Rope	To be formed into rope; to draw out or extend into a filament or thread, as by means of any glutinous or adhesive quality.
Rope	To bind, fasten, or tie with a rope or cord; as, to rope a bale of goods.
Rope	To connect or fasten together, as a party of mountain climbers, with a rope.
Rope	To partition, separate, or divide off, by means of a rope, so as to include or exclude something; as, to rope in, or rope off, a plot of ground; to rope out a crowd.
Rope	To lasso (a steer, horse).
Rope	To draw, as with a rope; to entice; to inveigle; to decoy; as, to rope in customers or voters.
Rope	To prevent from winning (as a horse), by pulling or curbing.
Ropeband	A small piece of spun yarn or marline, used to fasten the head of the sail to the spar.
Ropedancer	One who dances, walks, or performs acrobatic feats, on a rope extended through the air at some height.
Roper	A maker of ropes.
Roper	One who ropes goods; a packer.
Roper	One fit to be hanged.
Ropery	A place where ropes are made.
Ropery	Tricks deserving the halter; roguery.
Rope's-end	To punish with a rope's end.
Ropewalk	A long, covered walk, or a low, level building, where ropes are manufactured.
Ropewalker	A ropedancer.
Rope-yarn	the yarn or thread of any stuff of which the strands of a rope are made.
Ropily	In a ropy manner; in a viscous or glutinous manner.
Ropiness	Quality of being ropy; viscosity.
Ropish	Somewhat ropy.
Ropy	capable of being drawn into a thread, as a glutinous substance; stringy; viscous; tenacious; glutinous; as ropy sirup; ropy lees.
Roquelaure	A cloak reaching about to, or just below, the knees, worn in the 18th century.
Roquet	To hit, as another's ball, with one's own ball.
Roquet	To hit another's ball with one's own.
Roral	Of or pertaining to dew; consisting of dew; dewy.
Roration	A falling of dew.
Roric	Of or pertaining to dew; resembling dew; dewy.
Rorid	Dewy; bedewed.
Roriferous	generating or producing dew.
Rorifluent	Flowing with dew.
Rorqual	A very large North Atlantic whalebone whale (Physalus antiquorum, or Balaenoptera physalus). It has a dorsal fin, and strong longitudinal folds on the throat and belly. Called also razorback.
Rorulent	Full of, or abounding in, dew.
Rorulent	Having the surface appearing as if dusty, or covered with fine dew.
Rory	Dewy.
Rosaceous	Of or pertaining to a natural order of plants (Rosaceae) of which the rose is the type. It includes also the plums and cherries, meadowsweet, brambles, the strawberry, the hawthorn, applies, pears, service trees, and quinces.
Rosaceous	Like a rose in shape or appearance; as, a rosaceous corolla.
Rosaceous	Of a pure purpish pink color.
Rosacic	Pertaining to, or designating, an acid (called also lithic acid) found in certain red precipitates of urine. See Uric.
Rosalgar	realgar.
Rosalia	A form of melody in which a phrase or passage is successively repeated, each time a step or half step higher; a melodic sequence.
Rosaniline	A complex nitrogenous base, C20H21N3O, obtained by oxidizing a mixture of aniline and toluidine, as a colorless crystalline substance which forms red salts. These salts are essential components of many of the socalled aniline dyes, as fuchsine, aniline red, etc. By extension, any one of the series of substances derived from, or related to, rosaniline proper.
Rosarian	A cultivator of roses.
Rosaries	of Rosary
Rosary	A bed of roses, or place where roses grow.
Rosary	A series of prayers (see Note below) arranged to be recited in order, on beads; also, a string of beads by which the prayers are counted.
Rosary	A chapelet; a garland; a series or collection, as of beautiful thoughts or of literary selections.
Rosary	A coin bearing the figure of a rose, fraudulently circulated in Ireland in the 13th century for a penny.
Roscid	Containing, or consisting of, dew; dewy.
Roscoelite	A green micaceous mineral occurring in minute scales. It is essentially a silicate of aluminia and potash containing vanadium.
Rose	imp. of Rise.
Rose	A flower and shrub of any species of the genus Rosa, of which there are many species, mostly found in the morthern hemispere
Rose	A knot of ribbon formed like a rose; a rose knot; a rosette, esp. one worn on a shoe.
Rose	A rose window. See Rose window, below.
Rose	A perforated nozzle, as of a pipe, spout, etc., for delivering water in fine jets; a rosehead; also, a strainer at the foot of a pump.
Rose	The erysipelas.
Rose	The card of the mariner's compass; also, a circular card with radiating lines, used in other instruments.
Rose	The color of a rose; rose-red; pink.
Rose	A diamond. See Rose diamond, below.
Rose	To render rose-colored; to redden; to flush.
Rose	To perfume, as with roses.
Roseal	resembling a rose in smell or color.
Roseate	Full of roses; rosy; as, roseate bowers.
Roseate	resembling a rose in color or fragrance; esp., tinged with rose color; blooming; as, roseate beauty; her roseate lips.
Rosebay	the oleander.
Rosebay	Any shrub of the genus Rhododendron.
Rosebay	An herb (Epilobium spicatum) with showy purple flowers, common in Europe and North America; -- called also great willow herb.
Rosebud	The flower of a rose before it opens, or when but partially open.
Rosebush	The bush or shrub which bears roses.
Rose-colored	Having the color of a pink rose; rose-pink; of a delicate pink color.
Rose-colored	Uncommonly beautiful; hence, extravagantly fine or pleasing; alluring; as, rose-colored anticipations.
Rose-cut	Cut flat on the reverse, and with a convex face formed of triangular facets in rows; -- said of diamonds and other precious stones. See Rose diamond, under Rose.  Cf. Brilliant, n.
Rosedrop	A lozenge having a rose flavor.
Rosedrop	A kind of earring.
Rosedrop	A ruddy eruption upon the nose caused by drinking ardent spirits; a grog blossom.
Rosefinch	Any one of numerous species of Asiatic finches of the genera Carpodacus, and Propasser, and allied genera, in which the male is more or less colored with rose red.
Rosefish	A large marine scorpaenoid food fish (Sebastes marinus) found on the northern coasts of Europe and America. called also red perch, hemdurgan, Norway haddok, and also, erroneously, snapper, bream, and bergylt.
Rosehead	See Rose, n., 4.
Rosehead	A many-sided pyramidal head upon a nail; also a nail with such a head.
Roseine	See Magenta.
Roselite	A hydrous arsenite of cobalt, occuring in small red crystals, allied to erythrite.
Rosella	A beautiful Australian parrakeet (Platycercus eximius) often kept as a cage bird. The head and back of the neck are scarlet, the throat is white, the back dark green varied with lighter green, and the breast yellow.
Roselle	a malvaceous plant (Hibiscus Sabdariffa) cultivated in the east and West Indies for its fleshy calyxes, which are used for making tarts and jelly and an acid drink.
Rosemaloes	The liquid storax of the East Indian Liquidambar orientalis.
Rosemary	A labiate shrub (Rosmarinus officinalis) with narrow grayish leaves, growing native in the southern part of France, Spain, and Italy, also in Asia Minor and in China. It has a fragrant smell, and a warm, pungent, bitterish taste. It is used in cookery, perfumery, etc., and is an emblem of fidelity or constancy.
Rosen	Consisting of roses; rosy.
Rosenmuller's organ	The parovarium.
Roseo-	A prefix (also used adjectively) signifying rose-red; specifically used to designate certain rose-red compounds (called roseo-cobaltic compounds) of cobalt with ammonia.  Cf. Luteo-.
Roseola	A rose-colored efflorescence upon the skin, occurring in circumscribed patches of little or no elevation and often alternately fading and reviving; also, an acute specific disease which is characterized by an eruption of this character; -- called also rose rash.
Rose-pink	Having a pink color like that of the rose, or like the pigment called rose pink. See Rose pink, under Rose.
Rose-pink	Disposed to clothe everything with roseate hues; hence, sentimental.
Roser	A rosier; a rosebush.
Rose-red	Red as a rose; specifically (Zool.), of a pure purplish red color.
Rose-rial	A name of several English gold coins struck in different reigns and having having different values; a rose noble.
Roseroot	A fleshy-leaved herb (Rhodiola rosea); rosewort; -- so called because the roots have the odor of roses.
Rosery	A place where roses are cultivated; a nursery of roses. See Rosary, 1.
Roset	A red color used by painters.
Ro-setta stone	A stone found at Rosetta, in Egypt, bearing a trilingual inscription, by aid of which, with other inscriptions, a key was obtained to the hieroglyphics of ancient Egypt.
Rosetta wood	An east Indian wood of a reddish orange color, handsomely veined with darker marks. It is occasionally used for cabinetwork.
Rosette	An imitation of a rose by means of ribbon or other material, -- used as an ornament or a badge.
Rosette	An ornament in the form of a rose or roundel, -much used in decoration.
Rosette	A red color. See Roset.
Rosette	A rose burner. See under Rose.
Rosette	Any structure having a flowerlike form; especially, the group of five broad ambulacra on the upper side of the spatangoid and clypeastroid sea urchins. See Illust. of Spicule, and Sand dollar, under Sand.
Rosette	A flowerlike color marking; as, the rosettes on the leopard.
Rose water	Water tinctured with roses by distillation.
Rose-water	Having the odor of rose water; hence, affectedly nice or delicate; sentimental.
Rosewood	A valuable cabinet wood of a dark red color, streaked and variegated with black, obtained from several tropical leguminous trees of the genera Dalbergia and Machaerium. The finest kind is from Brazil, and is said to be from the Dalbergia nigra.
Roseworm	The larva of any one of several species of lepidopterous insects which feed upon the leaves, buds, or blossoms of the rose, especially Cacaecia rosaceana, which rolls up the leaves for a nest, and devours both the leaves and buds.
Rosewort	Roseroot.
Rosewort	Any plant nearly related to the rose.
Rosicrucian	One who, in the 17th century and the early part of the 18th, claimed to belong to a secret society of philosophers deeply versed in the secrets of nature, -- the alleged society having existed, it was stated, several hundred years.
Rosicrucian	Of or pertaining to the Rosicrucians, or their arts.
Rosied	Decorated with roses, or with the color of roses.
Rosier	A rosebush; roses, collectively.
Rosily	In a rosy manner.
Rosin	The hard, amber-colored resin left after distilling off the volatile oil of turpentine; colophony.
Rosin	To rub with rosin, as musicians rub the bow of a violin.
Rosiness	The quality of being rosy.
Rosinweed	The compass plant. See under Compass.
Rosinweed	A name given in California to various composite plants which secrete resins or have a resinous smell.
Rosiny	like rosin, or having its qualities.
Rosland	heathy land; land full of heather; moorish or watery land.
Rosmarine	Dew from the sea; sea dew.
Rosmarine	Rosemary.
Rosmarine	A fabulous sea animal which was reported to climb by means of its teeth to the tops of rocks to feed upon the dew.
Rosolic	Pertaining to, or designating, a complex red dyestuff (called rosolic acid) which is analogous to rosaniline and aurin. It is produced by oxidizing a mixture of phenol and cresol, as a dark red amorphous mass, C20H16O3, which forms weak salts with bases, and stable ones with acids.  Called also methyl aurin, and, formerly, corallin.
Ross	The rough, scaly matter on the surface of the bark of trees.
Ross	To divest of the ross, or rough, scaly surface; as, to ross bark.
Rossel	Light land; rosland.
Rossel current	A portion of the southern equatorial current flowing westward from the Fiji Islands to New Guinea.
Rosselly	Loose; light.
Rost	See Roust.
Rostel	same as Rostellum.
Rostellar	Pertaining to a rostellum.
Rostellate	Having a rostellum, or small beak; terminating in a beak.
Rostelliform	Having the form of a rostellum, or small beak.
Rostella	of Rostellum
Rostellum	A small beaklike process or extension of some part; a small rostrum; as, the rostellum of the stigma of violets, or of the operculum of many mosses; the rostellum on the head of a tapeworm.
Roster	A register or roll showing the order in which officers, enlisted men, companies, or regiments are called on to serve.
Rostra	See Rostrum, 2.
Rostral	Of or pertaining to the beak or snout of an animal, or the beak of a ship; resembling a rostrum, esp., the rostra at Rome, or their decorations.
Rostrate	Alt. of Rostrated
Rostrated	Having a process resembling the beak of a bird; beaked; rostellate.
Rostrated	Furnished or adorned with beaks; as, rostrated galleys.
Rostrifera	A division of pectinibranchiate gastropods, having the head prolonged into a snout which is not retractile.
Rostriform	Having the form of a beak.
Rostrula	of Rostrulum
Rostrulum	A little rostrum, or beak, as of an insect.
Rostra	of Rostrum
Rostrums	of Rostrum
Rostrum	The beak or head of a ship.
Rostrum	The Beaks; the stage or platform in the forum where orations, pleadings, funeral harangues, etc., were delivered; -- so called because after the Latin war, it was adorned with the beaks of captured vessels; later, applied also to other platforms erected in Rome for the use of public orators.
Rostrum	Hence, a stage for public speaking; the pulpit or platform occupied by an orator or public speaker.
Rostrum	Any beaklike prolongation, esp. of the head of an animal, as the beak of birds.
Rostrum	The beak, or sucking mouth parts, of Hemiptera.
Rostrum	The snout of a gastropod mollusk. See Illust. of Littorina.
Rostrum	The anterior, often spinelike, prolongation of the carapace of a crustacean, as in the lobster and the prawn.
Rostrum	Same as Rostellum.
Rostrum	The pipe to convey the distilling liquor into its receiver in the common alembic.
Rostrum	A pair of forceps of various kinds, having a beaklike form.
Rosulate	Arranged in little roselike clusters; -- said of leaves and bracts.
Rosy	Resembling a rose in color, form, or qualities; blooming; red; blushing; also, adorned with roses.
Rotted	of Rot
Rotting	of Rot
Rot	To undergo a process common to organic substances by which they lose the cohesion of their parts and pass through certain chemical changes, giving off usually in some stages of the process more or less offensive odors; to become decomposed by a natural process; to putrefy; to decay.
Rot	Figuratively: To perish slowly; to decay; to die; to become corrupt.
Rot	To make putrid; to cause to be wholly or partially decomposed by natural processes; as, to rot vegetable fiber.
Rot	To expose, as flax, to a process of maceration, etc., for the purpose of separating the fiber; to ret.
Rot	Process of rotting; decay; putrefaction.
Rot	A disease or decay in fruits, leaves, or wood, supposed to be caused by minute fungi. See Bitter rot, Black rot, etc., below.
Rot	A fatal distemper which attacks sheep and sometimes other animals. It is due to the presence of a parasitic worm in the liver or gall bladder. See 1st Fluke, 2.
Rota	An ecclesiastical court of Rome, called also Rota Romana, that takes cognizance of suits by appeal. It consists of twelve members.
Rota	A short-lived political club established in 1659 by J.Harrington to inculcate the democratic doctrine of election of the principal officers of the state by ballot, and the annual retirement of a portion of Parliament.
Rota	A species of zither, played like a guitar, used in the Middle Ages in church music; -- written also rotta.
Rotacism	See Rhotacism.
Rotal	Relating to wheels or to rotary motion; rotary.
Rotalite	Any fossil foraminifer of the genus Rotalia, abundant in the chalk formation. See Illust. under Rhizopod.
Rotary	Turning, as a wheel on its axis; pertaining to, or resembling, the motion of a wheel on its axis; rotatory; as, rotary motion.
Rotascope	Same as Gyroscope, 1.
Rotate	Having the parts spreading out like a wheel; wheel-shaped; as, a rotate spicule or scale; a rotate corolla, i.e., a monopetalous corolla with a flattish border, and no tube or a very short one.
Rotated	of Rotate
Rotating	of Rotate
Rotate	To turn, as a wheel, round an axis; to revolve.
Rotate	To perform any act, function, or operation in turn, to hold office in turn; as, to rotate in office.
Rotate	To cause to turn round or revolve, as a wheel around an axle.
Rotate	To cause to succeed in turn; esp., to cause to succeed some one, or to be succeeded by some one, in office.
Rotated	Turned round, as a wheel; also, wheel-shaped; rotate.
Rotation	The act of turning, as a wheel or a solid body on its axis, as distinguished from the progressive motion of a revolving round another body or a distant point; thus, the daily turning of the earth on its axis is a rotation; its annual motion round the sun is a revolution.
Rotation	Any return or succesion in a series.
Rotation	Pertaining to, or resulting from, rotation; of the nature of, or characterized by, rotation; as, rotational velocity.
Rotative	turning, as a wheel; rotary; rotational.
Rotator	that which gives a rotary or rolling motion, as a muscle which partially rotates or turns some part on its axis.
Rotator	A revolving reverberatory furnace.
Rotatoria	Same as Rotifera.
Rotatory	Turning as on an axis; rotary.
Rotatory	Going in a circle; following in rotation or succession; as, rotatory assembles.
Rotatory	Producing rotation of the plane of polarization; as, the rotatory power of bodies on light. See the Note under polarization.
Rotatory	A rotifer.
Rotche	A very small arctic sea bird (Mergulus alle, or Alle alle) common on both coasts of the Atlantic in winter; -- called also little auk, dovekie, rotch, rotchie, and sea dove.
Rotchet	The European red gurnard (Trigla pini).
Rote	A root.
Rote	A kind of guitar, the notes of which were produced by a small wheel or wheel-like arrangement; an instrument similar to the hurdy-gurdy.
Rote	The noise produced by the surf of the sea dashing upon the shore. See Rut.
Rote	A frequent repetition of forms of speech without attention to the meaning; mere repetition; as, to learn rules by rote.
Roted	of Rote
Roting	of Rote
Rote	To learn or repeat by rote.
Rote	To go out by rotation or succession; to rotate.
Rotella	Any one of numerous species of small, polished, brightcolored gastropods of the genus Rotella, native of tropical seas.
Rotgut	Bad small beer.
Rotgut	Any bad spirituous liquor, especially when adulterated so as to be very deleterious.
Rother	Bovine.
Rother	A bovine beast.
Rother	A rudder.
Rotifer	One of the Rotifera. See Illust. in Appendix.
Rotifera	An order of minute worms which usually have one or two groups of vibrating cilia on the head, which, when in motion, often give an appearance of rapidly revolving wheels.  The species are very numerous in fresh waters, and are very diversified in form and habits.
Rotiform	Wheel-shaped; as, rotiform appendages.
Rotiform	Same as Rotate.
Rotta	See Rota.
Rotten	Having rotted; putrid; decayed; as, a rotten apple; rotten meat.
Rotten	Offensive to the smell; fetid; disgusting.
Rotten	Not firm or trusty; unsound; defective; treacherous; unsafe; as, a rotten plank, bone, stone.
Rotula	The patella, or kneepan.
Rotular	Of or pertaining to the rotula, or kneepan.
Rotund	Round; circular; spherical.
Rotund	Hence, complete; entire.
Rotund	Orbicular, or nearly so.
Rotund	A rotunda.
Rotunda	A round building; especially, one that is round both on the outside and inside, like the Pantheon at Rome. Less properly, but very commonly, used for a large round room; as, the rotunda of the Capitol at Washington.
Rotundate	Rounded; especially, rounded at the end or ends, or at the corners.
Rotundifolious	Having round leaves.
Rotundity	The state or quality of being rotu/; roundness; sphericity; circularity.
Rotundity	Hence, completeness; entirety; roundness.
Rotundness	Roundness; rotundity.
Rotundo	See Rotunda.
Roturer	A roturier.
Roturier	A person who is not of noble birth; specif., a freeman who during the prevalence of feudalism held allodial land.
Roty	To make rotten.
Rouble	A coin. See Ruble.
Rouche	See Ruche.
Roue	One devoted to a life of sensual pleasure; a debauchee; a rake.
Rouet	A small wheel formerly fixed to the pan of firelocks for discharging them.
Rouge	red.
Rouge	A red amorphous powder consisting of ferric oxide.  It is used in polishing glass, metal, or gems, and as a cosmetic, etc. Called also crocus, jeweler's rouge, etc.
Rouge	A cosmetic used for giving a red color to the cheeks or lips. The best is prepared from the dried flowers of the safflower, but it is often made from carmine.
Rouged	of Rouge
Rouging	of Rouge
Rouge	To paint the face or cheeks with rouge.
Rouge	To tint with rouge; as, to rouge the face or the cheeks.
Rougecroix	One of the four pursuivants of the English college of arms.
Rouge dragon	One of the four pursuivants of the English college of arms.
Rough	Having inequalities, small ridges, or points, on the surface; not smooth or plain; as, a rough board; a rough stone; rough cloth.
Rough	Not level; having a broken surface; uneven; -- said of a piece of land, or of a road.
Rough	Not polished; uncut; -- said of a gem; as, a rough diamond.
Rough	Tossed in waves; boisterous; high; -- said of a sea or other piece of water.
Rough	Marked by coarseness; shaggy; ragged; disordered; -- said of dress, appearance, or the like; as, a rough coat.
Rough	Hence, figuratively, lacking refinement, gentleness, or polish.
Rough	Not courteous or kind; harsh; rude; uncivil; as, a rough temper.
Rough	Marked by severity or violence; harsh; hard; as, rough measures or actions.
Rough	Loud and hoarse; offensive to the ear; harsh; grating; -- said of sound, voice, and the like; as, a rough tone; rough numbers.
Rough	Austere; harsh to the taste; as, rough wine.
Rough	Tempestuous; boisterous; stormy; as, rough weather; a rough day.
Rough	Hastily or carelessly done; wanting finish; incomplete; as, a rough estimate; a rough draught.
Rough	Produced offhand.
Rough	Boisterous weather.
Rough	A rude fellow; a coarse bully; a rowdy.
Rough	In a rough manner; rudely; roughly.
Rough	To render rough; to roughen.
Rough	To break in, as a horse, especially for military purposes.
Rough	To cut or make in a hasty, rough manner; -- with out; as, to rough out a carving, a sketch.
Roughcast	To form in its first rudiments, without revision, correction, or polish.
Roughcast	To mold without nicety or elegance; to form with asperities and inequalities.
Roughcast	To plaster with a mixture of lime and shells or pebbles; as, to roughcast a building.
Roughcast	A rude model; the rudimentary, unfinished form of a thing.
Roughcast	A kind of plastering made of lime, with a mixture of shells or pebbles, used for covering buildings.
Roughcaster	One who roughcasts.
Roughdraw	To draw or delineate rapidly and by way of a first sketch.
Roughdry	in laundry work, to dry without smoothing or ironing.
Roughened	of Roughen
Roughening	of Roughen
Roughen	To make rough.
Roughen	To grow or become rough.
Rough-footed	Feather-footed; as, a rough-footed dove.
Rough-grained	Having a rough grain or fiber; hence, figuratively, having coarse traits of character; not polished; brisque.
Roughhead	The redfin.
Roughhew	To hew coarsely, without smoothing; as, to roughhew timber.
Roughhew	To give the first form or shape to; to form rudely; to shape approximately and rudely; to roughcast.
Roughhewer	One who roughhews.
Roughhewn	Hewn coarsely without smoothing; unfinished; not polished.
Roughhewn	Of coarse manners; rude; uncultivated; rough-grained.
Roughing-in	The first coat of plaster laid on brick; also, the process of applying it.
Roughings	Rowen.
Roughish	Somewhat rough.
Roughleg	Any one of several species of large hawks of the genus Archibuteo, having the legs feathered to the toes.  Called also rough-legged hawk, and rough-legged buzzard.
Rough-legged	Having the legs covered with feathers; -- said of a bird.
Roughly	In a rough manner; unevenly; harshly; rudely; severely; austerely.
Roughness	The quality or state of being rough.
Roughrider	One who breaks horses; especially (Mil.), a noncommissioned officer in the British cavalry, whose duty is to assist the riding master.
Roughscuff	A rough, coarse fellow; collectively, the lowest class of the people; the rabble; the riffraff.
Roughsetter	A mason who builds rough stonework.
Roughshod	Shod with shoes armed with points or calks; as, a roughshod horse.
Roughstrings	Pieces of undressed timber put under the steps of a wooden stair for their support.
Rought	imp. of Reach.
Rought	imp. of Reck, to care.
Roughtail	Any species of small ground snakes of the family Uropeltidae; -- so called from their rough tails.
Roughwork	To work over coarsely, without regard to nicety, smoothness, or finish.
Roughwrought	Wrought in a rough, unfinished way; worked over coarsely.
Rouk	See 5th Ruck, and Roke.
Roulade	A smoothly running passage of short notes (as semiquavers, or sixteenths) uniformly grouped, sung upon one long syllable, as in Handel's oratorios.
Rouleaux	of Rouleau
Rouleaus	of Rouleau
Rouleau	A little roll; a roll of coins put up in paper, or something resembling such a roll.
Roulette	A game of chance, in which a small ball is made to move round rapidly on a circle divided off into numbered red and black spaces, the one on which it stops indicating the result of a variety of wagers permitted by the game.
Roulette	A small toothed wheel used by engravers to roll over a plate in order to order to produce rows of dots.
Roulette	A similar wheel used to roughen the surface of a plate, as in making alterations in a mezzotint.
Roulette	the curve traced by any point in the plane of a given curve when the latter rolls, without sliding, over another fixed curve. See Cycloid, and Epycycloid.
Rouly-pouly	See Rolly-pooly.
Roun	Alt. of Rown
Rown	To whisper.
Rounce	The handle by which the bed of a hand press, holding the form of type, etc., is run in under the platen and out again; -- sometimes applied to the whole apparatus by which the form is moved under the platen.
Rounceval	Large; strong; -- from the gigantic bones shown at Roncesvalles, and alleged to be those of old heroes.
Rounceval	A giant; anything large; a kind of pea called also marrowfat.
Rouncy	A common hackney horse; a nag.
Round	To whisper.
Round	Having every portion of the surface or of the circumference equally distant from the center; spherical; circular; having a form approaching a spherical or a circular shape; orbicular; globular; as, a round ball.
Round	Having the form of a cylinder; cylindrical; as, the barrel of a musket is round.
Round	Having a curved outline or form; especially, one like the arc of a circle or an ellipse, or a portion of the surface of a sphere; rotund; bulging; protuberant; not angular or pointed; as, a round arch; round hills.
Round	Full; complete; not broken; not fractional; approximately in even units, tens, hundreds, thousands, etc.; -- said of numbers.
Round	Not inconsiderable; large; hence, generous; free; as, a round price.
Round	Uttered or emitted with a full tone; as, a round voice; a round note.
Round	Modified, as a vowel, by contraction of the lip opening, making the opening more or less round in shape; rounded; labialized; labial. See Guide to Pronunciation, / 11.
Round	Outspoken; plain and direct; unreserved; unqualified; not mincing; as, a round answer; a round oath.
Round	Full and smoothly expanded; not defective or abrupt; finished; polished; -- said of style, or of authors with reference to their style.
Round	Complete and consistent; fair; just; -- applied to conduct.
Round	Anything round, as a circle, a globe, a ring. "The golden round" [the crown].
Round	A series of changes or events ending where it began; a series of like events recurring in continuance; a cycle; a periodical revolution; as, the round of the seasons; a round of pleasures.
Round	A course of action or conduct performed by a number of persons in turn, or one after another, as if seated in a circle.
Round	A series of duties or tasks which must be performed in turn, and then repeated.
Round	A circular dance.
Round	That which goes round a whole circle or company; as, a round of applause.
Round	Rotation, as in office; succession.
Round	The step of a ladder; a rundle or rung; also, a crosspiece which joins and braces the legs of a chair.
Round	A course ending where it began; a circuit; a beat; especially, one freguently or regulary traversed; also, the act of traversing a circuit; as, a watchman's round; the rounds of the postman.
Round	A walk performed by a guard or an officer round the rampart of a garrison, or among sentinels, to see that the sentinels are faithful and all things safe; also, the guard or officer, with his attendants, who performs this duty; -- usually in the plural.
Round	A general discharge of firearms by a body of troops in which each soldier fires once.
Round	Ammunition for discharging a piece or pieces once; as, twenty rounds of ammunition were given out.
Round	A short vocal piece, resembling a catch in which three or four voices follow each other round in a species of canon in the unison.
Round	The time during which prize fighters or boxers are in actual contest without an intermission, as prescribed by their rules; a bout.
Round	A brewer's vessel in which the fermentation is concluded, the yeast escaping through the bunghole.
Round	A vessel filled, as for drinking.
Round	An assembly; a group; a circle; as, a round of politicians.
Round	See Roundtop.
Round	Same as Round of beef, below.
Round	On all sides; around.
Round	Circularly; in a circular form or manner; by revolving or reversing one's position; as, to turn one's head round; a wheel turns round.
Round	In circumference; as, a ball is ten inches round.
Round	From one side or party to another; as to come or turn round, -- that is, to change sides or opinions.
Round	By or in a circuit; by a course longer than the direct course; back to the starting point.
Round	Through a circle, as of friends or houses.
Round	Roundly; fully; vigorously.
Round	On every side of, so as to encompass or encircle; around; about; as, the people atood round him; to go round the city; to wind a cable round a windlass.
Rounded	of Round
Rounding	of Round
Round	To make circular, spherical, or cylindrical; to give a round or convex figure to; as, to round a silver coin; to round the edges of anything.
Round	To surround; to encircle; to encompass.
Round	To bring to fullness or completeness; to complete; hence, to bring to a fit conclusion.
Round	To go round wholly or in part; to go about (a corner or point); as, to round a corner; to round Cape Horn.
Round	To make full, smooth, and flowing; as, to round periods in writing.
Round	To grow round or full; hence, to attain to fullness, completeness, or perfection.
Round	To go round, as a guard.
Round	To go or turn round; to wheel about.
Roundabout	Circuitous; going round; indirect; as, roundabout speech.
Roundabout	Encircling; enveloping; comprehensive.
Roundabout	A horizontal wheel or frame, commonly with wooden horses, etc., on which children ride; a merry-go-round.
Roundabout	A dance performed in a circle.
Roundabout	A short, close jacket worn by boys, sailors, etc.
Roundabout	A state or scene of constant change, or of recurring labor and vicissitude.
Roundaboutness	The quality of being roundabout; circuitousness.
Round-arm	Applied to the method delivering the ball in bowling, by swinging the arm horizontally.
Round-backed	Having a round back or shoulders; round-shouldered.
Rounded	Modified by contraction of the lip opening; labialized; labial. See Guide to Pronunciation, / 11.
Roundel	A rondelay.
Roundel	Anything having a round form; a round figure; a circle.
Roundel	A small circular shield, sometimes not more than a foot in diameter, used by soldiers in the fourteenth and fifteenth centuries.
Roundel	A circular spot; a sharge in the form of a small circle.
Roundel	A bastion of a circular form.
Roundelay	See Rondeau, and Rondel.
Roundelay	A tune in which a simple strain is often repeated; a simple rural strain which is short and lively.
Roundelay	A dance in a circle.
Roundelay	Anything having a round form; a roundel.
Rounder	One who rounds; one who comes about frequently or regularly.
Rounder	A tool for making an edge or surface round.
Rounder	An English game somewhat resembling baseball; also, another English game resembling the game of fives, but played with a football.
Roundfish	Any ordinary market fish, exclusive of flounders, sole, halibut, and other flatfishes.
Roundfish	A lake whitefish (Coregonus quadrilateralis), less compressed than the common species.  It is very abundant in British America and Alaska.
Roundhead	A nickname for a Puritan. See Roundheads, the, in the Dictionary of Noted Names in Fiction.
Roundheaded	Having a round head or top.
Roundhouse	A constable's prison; a lockup, watch-house, or station house.
Roundhouse	A cabin or apartament on the after part of the quarter-deck, having the poop for its roof; -- sometimes called the coach.
Roundhouse	A privy near the bow of the vessel.
Roundhouse	A house for locomotive engines, built circularly around a turntable.
Rounding	Round or nearly round; becoming round; roundish.
Rounding	Small rope, or strands of rope, or spun yarn, wound round a rope to keep it from chafing; -- called also service.
Rounding	Modifying a speech sound by contraction of the lip opening; labializing; labialization. See Guide to Pronunciation, / 11.
Roundish	Somewhat round; as, a roundish seed; a roundish figure.
Roundlet	A little circle.
Roundly	In a round form or manner.
Roundly	Openly; boldly; peremptorily; plumply.
Roundly	Briskly; with speed.
Roundly	Completely; vigorously; in earnest.
Roundly	Without regard to detail; in gross; comprehensively; generally; as, to give numbers roundly.
Roundness	The quality or state of being round in shape; as, the roundness of the globe, of the orb of the sun, of a ball, of a bowl, a column, etc.
Roundness	Fullness; smoothness of flow; as, the roundness of a period; the roundness of a note; roundness of tone.
Roundness	Openess; plainess; boldness; positiveness; as, the roundness of an assertion.
Roundridge	To form into round ridges by plowing.
Round-shouldered	Having the shoulders stooping or projecting; round-backed.
Roundsmen	of Roundsman
Roundsman	A patrolman; also, a policeman who acts as an inspector over the rounds of the patrolmen.
Roundtop	A top; a platform at a masthead; -- so called because formerly round in shape.
Round-up	The act of collecting or gathering together scattered cattle by riding around them and driving them in.
Roundure	Roundness; a round or circle.
Roundworm	A nematoid worm.
Roundy	Round.
Roup	To cry or shout; hence, to sell by auction.
Roup	An outcry; hence, a sale of gods by auction.
Roup	A disease in poultry. See Pip.
Rousant	Rising; -- applied to a bird in the attitude of rising; also, sometmes, to a bird in profile with wings addorsed.
Rouse	To pull or haul strongly and all together, as upon a rope, without the assistance of mechanical appliances.
Rouse	A bumper in honor of a toast or health.
Rouse	A carousal; a festival; a drinking frolic.
Roused	of Rouse
Rousing	of Rouse
Rouse	To cause to start from a covert or lurking place; as, to rouse a deer or other animal of the chase.
Rouse	To wake from sleep or repose; as, to rouse one early or suddenly.
Rouse	To excite to lively thought or action from a state of idleness, languor, stupidity, or indifference; as, to rouse the faculties, passions, or emotions.
Rouse	To put in motion; to stir up; to agitate.
Rouse	To raise; to make erect.
Rouse	To get or start up; to rise.
Rouse	To awake from sleep or repose.
Rouse	To be exited to thought or action from a state of indolence or inattention.
Rouser	One who, or that which, rouses.
Rouser	Something very exciting or great.
Rouser	A stirrer in a copper for boiling wort.
Rousing	Having power to awaken or excite; exciting.
Rousing	Very great; violent; astounding; as, a rousing fire; a rousing lie.
Rousingly	In a rousing manner.
Roussette	A fruit bat, especially the large species (Pieropus vulgaris) inhabiting the islands of the Indian ocean.  It measures about a yard across the expanded wings.
Roussette	Any small shark of the genus Scyllium; -- called also dogfish. See Dogfish.
Roust	To rouse; to disturb; as, to roust one out.
Roust	A strong tide or current, especially in a narrow channel.
Roustabout	A laborer, especially a deck hand, on a river steamboat, who moves the cargo, loads and unloads wood, and the like; in an opprobrious sense, a shiftless vagrant who lives by chance jobs.
Rout	To roar; to bellow; to snort; to snore loudly.
Rout	A bellowing; a shouting; noise; clamor; uproar; disturbance; tumult.
Rout	To scoop out with a gouge or other tool; to furrow.
Rout	To search or root in the ground, as a swine.
Rout	A troop; a throng; a company; an assembly; especially, a traveling company or throng.
Rout	A disorderly and tumultuous crowd; a mob; hence, the rabble; the herd of common people.
Rout	The state of being disorganized and thrown into confusion; -- said especially of an army defeated, broken in pieces, and put to flight in disorder or panic; also, the act of defeating and breaking up an army; as, the rout of the enemy was complete.
Rout	A disturbance of the peace by persons assembled together with intent to do a thing which, if executed, would make them rioters, and actually making a motion toward the executing thereof.
Rout	A fashionable assembly, or large evening party.
Routed	of Rout
Routing	of Rout
Rout	To break the ranks of, as troops, and put them to flight in disorder; to put to rout.
Rout	To assemble in a crowd, whether orderly or disorderly; to collect in company.
Route	The course or way which is traveled or passed, or is to be passed; a passing; a course; a road or path; a march.
Router	A plane made like a spokeshave, for working the inside edges of circular sashes.
Router	A plane with a hooked tool protruding far below the sole, for smoothing the bottom of a cavity.
Routhe	Ruth; sorrow.
Routinary	Involving, or pertaining to, routine; ordinary; customary.
Routine	A round of business, amusement, or pleasure, daily or frequently pursued; especially, a course of business or offical duties regularly or frequently returning.
Routine	Any regular course of action or procedure rigidly adhered to by the mere force of habit.
Routinism	the practice of doing things with undiscriminating, mechanical regularity.
Routinist	One who habituated to a routine.
Routish	Uproarious; riotous.
Routously	With that violation of law called a rout. See 5th Rout, 4.
Roux	A thickening, made of flour, for soups and gravies.
Rove	To draw through an eye or aperture.
Rove	To draw out into flakes; to card, as wool.
Rove	To twist slightly; to bring together, as slivers of wool or cotton, and twist slightly before spinning.
Rove	A copper washer upon which the end of a nail is clinched in boat building.
Rove	A roll or sliver of wool or cotton drawn out and slighty twisted, preparatory to further process; a roving.
Roved	of Rove
Roving	of Rove
Rove	To practice robbery on the seas; to wander about on the seas in piracy.
Rove	Hence, to wander; to ramble; to rauge; to go, move, or pass without certain direction in any manner, by sailing, walking, riding, flying, or otherwise.
Rove	To shoot at rovers; hence, to shoot at an angle of elevation, not at point-blank (rovers usually being beyond the point-blank range).
Rove	To wander over or through.
Rove	To plow into ridges by turning the earth of two furrows together.
Rove	The act of wandering; a ramble.
Rover	One who practices robbery on the seas; a pirate.
Rover	One who wanders about by sea or land; a wanderer; a rambler.
Rover	Hence, a fickle, inconstant person.
Rover	A ball which has passed through all the hoops and would go out if it hit the stake but is continued in play; also, the player of such a ball.
Rover	Casual marks at uncertain distances.
Rover	A sort of arrow.
Roving	The operatin of forming the rove, or slightly twisted sliver or roll of wool or cotton, by means of a machine for the purpose, called a roving frame, or roving machine.
Roving	A roll or sliver of wool or cotton drawn out and slightly twisted; a rove. See 2d Rove, 2.
Roving	The act of one who roves or wanders.
Rovingly	In a wandering manner.
Rovingness	The state of roving.
Row	Rough; stern; angry.
Row	A noisy, turbulent quarrel or disturbance; a brawl.
Row	A series of persons or things arranged in a continued line; a line; a rank; a file; as, a row of trees; a row of houses or columns.
Rowed	of Row
Rowing	of Row
Row	To propel with oars, as a boat or vessel, along the surface of water; as, to row a boat.
Row	To transport in a boat propelled with oars; as, to row the captain ashore in his barge.
Row	To use the oar; as, to row well.
Row	To be moved by oars; as, the boat rows easily.
Row	The act of rowing; excursion in a rowboat.
Rowable	That may be rowed, or rowed upon.
Rowan	Rowan tree.
Rowan tree	A european tree (Pyrus aucuparia) related to the apple, but with pinnate leaves and flat corymbs of small white flowers followed by little bright red berries.  Called also roan tree, and mountain ash.  The name is also applied to two American trees of similar habit (Pyrus Americana, and P. sambucifolia).
Rowboat	A boat designed to be propelled by oars instead of sails.
Rowdies	of Rowdy
Rowdy	One who engages in rows, or noisy quarrels; a ruffianly fellow.
Rowdydow	Hubbub; uproar.
Rowdydowdy	Uproarious.
Rowdyish	Resembling a rowdy in temper or conduct; characteristic of a rowdy.
Rowdyism	the conduct of a rowdy.
Rowed	Formed into a row, or rows; having a row, or rows; as, a twelve-rowed ear of corn.
Rowel	The little wheel of a spur, with sharp points.
Rowel	A little flat ring or wheel on horses' bits.
Rowel	A roll of hair, silk, etc., passed through the flesh of horses, answering to a seton in human surgery.
Roweled	of Rowel
Rowelled	of Rowel
Roweling	of Rowel
Rowelling	of Rowel
Rowel	To insert a rowel, or roll of hair or silk, into (as the flesh of a horse).
Rowel bone	See rewel bone.
Rowen	A stubble field left unplowed till late in the autumn, that it may be cropped by cattle.
Rowen	The second growth of grass in a season; aftermath.
Rower	One who rows with an oar.
Rowett	See Rowen.
Rowlock	A contrivance or arrangement serving as a fulcrum for an oar in rowing. It consists sometimes of a notch in the gunwale of a boat, sometimes of a pair of pins between which the oar rests on the edge of the gunwale, sometimes of a single pin passing through the oar, or of a metal fork or stirrup pivoted in the gunwale and suporting the oar.
Rown	see Roun.
Rowport	An opening in the side of small vessels of war, near the surface of the water, to facilitate rowing in calm weather.
Roxburgh	A style of bookbinding in which the back is plain leather, the sides paper or cloth, the top gilt-edged, but the front and bottom left uncut.
Roy	A king.
Roy	Royal.
Royal	Kingly; pertaining to the crown or the sovereign; suitable for a king or queen; regal; as, royal power or prerogative; royal domains; the royal family; royal state.
Royal	Noble; generous; magnificent; princely.
Royal	Under the patronage of royality; holding a charter granted by the sovereign; as, the Royal Academy of Arts; the Royal Society.
Royal	Printing and writing papers of particular sizes. See under paper, n.
Royal	A small sail immediately above the topgallant sail.
Royal	One of the upper or distal branches of an antler, as the third and fourth tynes of the antlers of a stag.
Royal	A small mortar.
Royal	One of the soldiers of the first regiment of foot of the British army, formerly called the Royals, and supposed to be the oldest regular corps in Europe; -- now called the Royal Scots.
Royal	An old English coin. See Rial.
Royalet	A petty or powerless king.
Royalism	the principles or conduct of royalists.
Royalist	An adherent of a king (as of Charles I. in England, or of the Bourbons in france); one attached to monarchical government.
Royalization	The act of making loyal to a king.
Royalize	to make royal.
Royally	In a royal or kingly manner; like a king; as becomes a king.
Royalties	of Royalty
Royalty	The state of being royal; the condition or quality of a royal person; kingship; kingly office; sovereignty.
Royalty	The person of a king or sovereign; majesty; as, in the presence of royalty.
Royalty	An emblem of royalty; -- usually in the plural, meaning regalia.
Royalty	Kingliness; spirit of regal authority.
Royalty	Domain; province; sphere.
Royalty	That which is due to a sovereign, as a seigniorage on gold and silver coined at the mint, metals taken from mines, etc.; the tax exacted in lieu of such share; imperiality.
Royalty	A share of the product or profit (as of a mine, forest, etc.), reserved by the owner for permitting another to use the property.
Royalty	Hence (Com.), a duty paid by a manufacturer to the owner of a patent or a copyright at a certain rate for each article manufactured; or, a percentage paid to the owner of an article by one who hires the use of it.
Royne	To bite; to gnaw.
Roynish	Mangy; scabby; hence, mean; paltry; troublesome.
Royster	Alt. of Roysterer
Roysterer	same as Roister, Roisterer.
Royston crow	See Hooded crow, under Hooded.
Roytelet	A little king.
Roytish	Wild; irregular.
Rubbed	of Rub
Rubbing	of Rub
Rub	To subject (a body) to the action of something moving over its surface with pressure and friction, especially to the action of something moving back and forth; as, to rub the flesh with the hand; to rub wood with sandpaper.
Rub	To move over the surface of (a body) with pressure and friction; to graze; to chafe; as, the boat rubs the ground.
Rub	To cause (a body) to move with pressure and friction along a surface; as, to rub the hand over the body.
Rub	To spread a substance thinly over; to smear.
Rub	To scour; to burnish; to polish; to brighten; to cleanse; -- often with up or over; as, to rub up silver.
Rub	To hinder; to cross; to thwart.
Rub	To move along the surface of a body with pressure; to grate; as, a wheel rubs against the gatepost.
Rub	To fret; to chafe; as, to rub upon a sore.
Rub	To move or pass with difficulty; as, to rub through woods, as huntsmen; to rub through the world.
Rub	The act of rubbing; friction.
Rub	That which rubs; that which tends to hinder or obstruct motion or progress; hindrance; obstruction, an impediment; especially, a difficulty or obstruction hard to overcome; a pinch.
Rub	Inequality of surface, as of the ground in the game of bowls; unevenness.
Rub	Something grating to the feelings; sarcasm; joke; as, a hard rub.
Rub	Imperfection; failing; fault.
Rub	A chance.
Rub	A stone, commonly flat, used to sharpen cutting tools; a whetstone; -- called also rubstone.
Ruba-dub	The sound of a drum when continuously beaten; hence, a clamorous, repeated sound; a clatter.
Rubato	Robbed; borrowed.
Rubbage	Rubbish.
Rubber	One who, or that which, rubs.
Rubber	An instrument or thing used in rubbing, polishing, or cleaning.
Rubber	A coarse file, or the rough part of a file.
Rubber	A whetstone; a rubstone.
Rubber	An eraser, usually made of caoutchouc.
Rubber	The cushion of an electrical machine.
Rubber	One who performs massage, especially in a Turkish bath.
Rubber	Something that chafes or annoys; hence, something that grates on the feelings; a sarcasm; a rub.
Rubber	In some games, as whist, the odd game, as the third or the fifth, when there is a tie between the players; as, to play the rubber; also, a contest determined by the winning of two out of three games; as, to play a rubber of whist.
Rubber	India rubber; caoutchouc.
Rubber	An overshoe made of India rubber.
Rubbidge	Rubbish.
Rubbing	a. & n. from Rub, v.
Rubbish	Waste or rejected matter; anything worthless; valueless stuff; trash; especially, fragments of building materials or fallen buildings; ruins; debris.
Rubbish	Of or pertaining to rubbish; of the quality of rubbish; trashy.
Rubble	Water-worn or rough broken stones; broken bricks, etc., used in coarse masonry, or to fill up between the facing courses of walls.
Rubble	Rough stone as it comes from the quarry; also, a quarryman's term for the upper fragmentary and decomposed portion of a mass of stone; brash.
Rubble	A mass or stratum of fragments or rock lying under the alluvium, and derived from the neighboring rock.
Rubble	The whole of the bran of wheat before it is sorted into pollard, bran, etc.
Rubblestone	See Rubble, 1 and 2.
Rubblework	Masonry constructed of unsquared stones that are irregular in size and shape.
Rubbly	Relating to, or containing, rubble.
Rubedinous	Reddish.
Rubefacient	Making red.
Rubefacient	An external application which produces redness of the skin.
Rubefaction	The act or process of making red.
Rubelet	A little ruby.
Rubella	An acute specific disease with a dusky red cutaneous eruption resembling that of measles, but unattended by catarrhal symptoms; -- called also German measles.
Rubelle	A red color used in enameling.
Rubellite	A variety of tourmaline varying in color from a pale rose to a deep ruby, and containing lithium.
Rubeola	the measles.
Rubeola	Rubella.
Ruberythrinic	Pertaining to, or designating, an acid extracted from madder root. It is a yellow crystalline substance from which alizarin is obtained.
Rubescence	The quality or state of being rubescent; a reddening; a flush.
Rubescent	Growing or becoming red; tending to redness.
Rubiaceous	Of or pertaining to a very large natural order of plants (Rubiaceae) named after the madder (Rubia tinctoria), and including about three hundred and seventy genera and over four thousand species. Among them are the coffee tree, the trees yielding peruvian bark and quinine, the madder, the quaker ladies, and the trees bearing the edible fruits called genipap and Sierre Leone peach, besides many plants noted for the beauty or the fragrance of their blossoms.
Rubiacin	A substance found in madder root, and probably identical with ruberythrinic acid.
Rubian	One of several color-producing glycosides found in madder root.
Rubianic	pertaining to, or derived from, rubian; specifically, designating an acid called also ruberythrinic acid.
Ru bible	A ribble.
Rubican	Colored a prevailing red, bay, or black, with flecks of white or gray especially on the flanks; -- said of horses.
Rubicelle	A variety of ruby of a yellowish red color, from Brazil.
Rubicon	A small river which separated Italy from Cisalpine Gaul, the province alloted to Julius Caesar.
Rubicund	Inclining to redness; ruddy; red.
Rubicundity	The quality or state of being rubicund; ruddiness.
Rubidic	Of or pertaining to rubidium; containing rubidium.
Rubidine	A nitrogenous base homologous with pyridine, obtained from coal tar as an oily liquid, C11H17N; also, any one of the group od metameric compounds of which rubidine is the type.
Rubidium	A rare metallic element. It occurs quite widely, but in small quantities, and always combined. It is isolated as a soft yellowish white metal, analogous to potassium in most of its properties.  Symbol Rb.  Atomic weight, 85.2.
Rubific	Making red; as, rubific rays.
Rubification	The act of making red.
Rubiform	Having the nature or quality of red; as, the rubiform rays of the sun.
Rubify	To redden.
Rubiginose	Alt. of Rubiginous
Rubiginous	Having the appearance or color of iron rust; rusty-looking.
Rubigo	same as Rust, n., 2.
Rubin	A ruby.
Rubious	Red; ruddy.
Rubiretin	One of the red dye products extracted from madder root, and probably identical with ruberythrinic acid.
Ruble	The unit of monetary value in Russia.  It is divided into 100 copecks, and in the gold coin of the realm (as in the five and ten ruble pieces) is worth about 77 cents. The silver ruble is a coin worth about 60 cents.
Rubric	That part of any work in the early manuscripts and typography which was colored red, to distinguish it from other portions.
Rubric	A titlepage, or part of it, especially that giving the date and place of printing; also, the initial letters, etc., when printed in red.
Rubric	The title of a statute; -- so called as being anciently written in red letters.
Rubric	The directions and rules for the conduct of service, formerly written or printed in red; hence, also, an ecclesiastical or episcopal injunction; -- usually in the plural.
Rubric	Hence, that which is established or settled, as by authority; a thing definitely settled or fixed.
Rubric	To adorn ith red; to redden; to rubricate.
Rubric	Alt. of Rubrical
Rubrical	Colored in, or marked with, red; placed in rubrics.
Rubrical	Of or pertaining to the rubric or rubrics.
Rubricate	Marked with red.
Rubricate	To mark or distinguished with red; to arrange as in a rubric; to establish in a settled and unchangeable form.
Rubrician	Alt. of Rubricist
Rubricist	One skilled in, or tenaciously adhering to, the rubric or rubrics.
Rubricity	Redness.
Rubstone	A stone for scouring or rubbing; a whetstone; a rub.
Rubus	A genus of rosaceous plants, including the raspberry and blackberry.
Rubies	of Ruby
Ruby	A precious stone of a carmine red color, sometimes verging to violet, or intermediate between carmine and hyacinth red.  It is a red crystallized variety of corundum.
Ruby	The color of a ruby; carmine red; a red tint.
Ruby	That which has the color of the ruby, as red wine. Hence, a red blain or carbuncle.
Ruby	See Agate, n., 2.
Ruby	Any species of South American humming birds of the genus Clytolaema. The males have a ruby-colored throat or breast.
Ruby	Ruby-colored; red; as, ruby lips.
Rubied	of Ruby
Rubying	of Ruby
Ruby	To make red; to redden.
Rubytail	A European gold wasp (Chrysis ignita) which has the under side of the abdomen bright red, and the other parts deep bluish green with a metallic luster. The larva is parasitic in the nests of other wasps and of bees.
Ruby-tailed	Having the tail, or lower part of the body, bright red.
Rubythroat	Any one of numerous species of humming birds belonging to Trochilus, Calypte, Stellula, and allies, in which the male has on the throat a brilliant patch of red feathers having metallic reflections; esp., the common humming bird of the Eastern United States (Trochilus colubris).
Rubywood	red sandalwood. See under Sandalwood.
Rucervine	Of, like, or pertaining to, a deer of the genus Rucervus, which includes the swamp deer of India.
Ruche	A plaited, quilled, or goffered strip of lace, net, ribbon, or other material, -- used in place of collars or cuffs, and as a trimming for women's dresses and bonnets.
Ruche	A pile of arched tiles, used to catch and retain oyster spawn.
Ruching	A ruche, or ruches collectively.
Ruck	A roc.
Rucked	of Ruck
Rucking	of Ruck
Ruck	To draw into wrinkles or unsightly folds; to crease; as, to ruck up a carpet.
Ruck	A wrinkle or crease in a piece of cloth, or in needlework.
Ruck	To cower; to huddle together; to squat; to sit, as a hen on eggs.
Ruck	A heap; a rick.
Ruck	The common sort, whether persons or things; as, the ruck in a horse race.
Ructation	The act of belching wind.
Ruction	An uproar; a quarrel; a noisy outbreak.
Rud	Redness; blush.
Rud	Ruddle; red ocher.
Rud	The rudd.
Rud	To make red.
Rudd	A fresh-water European fish of the Carp family (Leuciscus erythrophthalmus). It is about the size and shape of the roach, but it has the dorsal fin farther back, a stouter body, and red irises. Called also redeye, roud, finscale, and shallow.  A blue variety is called azurine, or blue roach.
Rudder	A riddle or sieve.
Rudder	The mechanical appliance by means of which a vessel is guided or steered when in motion. It is a broad and flat blade made of wood or iron, with a long shank, and is fastened in an upright position, usually by one edge, to the sternpost of the vessel in such a way that it can be turned from side to side in the water by means of a tiller, wheel, or other attachment.
Rudder	Fig.: That which resembles a rudder as a guide or governor; that which guides or governs the course.
Rudderhead	The upper end of the rudderpost, to which the tiller is attached.
Rudderhole	The hole in the deck through which the rudderpost passes.
Rudderless	Without a rudder.
Rudderpost	The shank of a rudder, having the blade at one end and the attachments for operating it at the other.
Rudderstock	The main part or blade of the rudder, which is connected by hinges, or the like, with the sternpost of a vessel.
Ruddied	Made ruddy or red.
Ruddily	In a ruddy manner.
Ruddiness	The quality or state of being ruddy; as, the ruddiness of the cheeks or the sky.
Ruddle	To raddle or twist.
Ruddle	A riddle or sieve.
Ruddle	A species of red earth colored by iron sesquioxide; red ocher.
Ruddle	To mark with ruddle; to raddle; to rouge.
Ruddock	The European robin.
Ruddock	A piece of gold money; -- probably because the gold of coins was often reddened by copper alloy. Called also red ruddock, and golden ruddock.
Ruddy	Of a red color; red, or reddish; as, a ruddy sky; a ruddy flame.
Ruddy	Of a lively flesh color, or the color of the human skin in high health; as, ruddy cheeks or lips.
Ruddy	To make ruddy.
Rude	Characterized by roughness; umpolished; raw; lacking delicacy or refinement; coarse.
Rude	Unformed by taste or skill; not nicely finished; not smoothed or polished; -- said especially of material things; as, rude workmanship.
Rude	Of untaught manners; unpolished; of low rank; uncivil; clownish; ignorant; raw; unskillful; -- said of persons, or of conduct, skill, and the like.
Rude	Violent; tumultuous; boisterous; inclement; harsh; severe; -- said of the weather, of storms, and the like; as, the rude winter.
Rude	Barbarous; fierce; bloody; impetuous; -- said of war, conflict, and the like; as, the rude shock of armies.
Rude	Not finished or complete; inelegant; lacking chasteness or elegance; not in good taste; unsatisfactory in mode of treatment; -- said of literature, language, style, and the like.
Rudenture	Cabling. See Cabling.
Ruderary	Of or pertaining to rubbish..
Rudesby	An uncivil, turbulent fellow.
Rudesheimer	A German wine made near Rudesheim, on the Rhine.
Rudiment	That which is unformed or undeveloped; the principle which lies at the bottom of any development; an unfinished beginning.
Rudiment	Hence, an element or first principle of any art or science; a beginning of any knowledge; a first step.
Rudiment	An imperfect organ or part, or one which is never developed.
Rudiment	To furnish with first principles or rules; to insrtuct in the rudiments.
Rudimental	Rudimentary.
Rudimentary	Of or pertaining to rudiments; consisting in first principles; elementary; initial; as, rudimental essays.
Rudimentary	Very imperfectly developed; in an early stage of development; embryonic.
Rudish	Somewhat rude.
Rudistes	An extinct order or suborder of bivalve mollusks characteristic of the Cretaceous period; -- called also Rudista. See Illust. under Hippurite.
Rudity	Rudeness; ignorance.
Rudmasday	Either of the feasts of the Holy Cross, occuring on May 3 and September 14, annually.
Rudolphine	Pertaining to, or designating, a set of astronomical tables computed by Kepler, and founded on the observations of Tycho Brahe; -- so named from Rudolph II., emperor of Germany.
Rue	A perennial suffrutescent plant (Ruta graveolens), having a strong, heavy odor and a bitter taste; herb of grace. It is used in medicine.
Rue	Fig.: Bitterness; disappointment; grief; regret.
Rued	of Rue
Ruing	of Rue
Rue	To lament; to regret extremely; to grieve for or over.
Rue	To cause to grieve; to afflict.
Rue	To repent of, and withdraw from, as a bargain; to get released from.
Rue	To have compassion.
Rue	To feel sorrow and regret; to repent.
Rue	Sorrow; repetance.
Rueful	Causing one to rue or lament; woeful; mournful; sorrowful.
Rueful	Expressing sorrow.
Ruell bone	See rewel bone.
Ruelle	A private circle or assembly at a private house; a circle.
Rufescent	Reddish; tinged with red.
Ruff	A game similar to whist, and the predecessor of it.
Ruff	The act of trumping, especially when one has no card of the suit led.
Ruff	To trump.
Ruff	A muslin or linen collar plaited, crimped, or fluted, worn formerly by both sexes, now only by women and children.
Ruff	Something formed with plaits or flutings, like the collar of this name.
Ruff	An exhibition of pride or haughtiness.
Ruff	Wanton or tumultuous procedure or conduct.
Ruff	A low, vibrating beat of a drum, not so loud as a roll; a ruffle.
Ruff	A collar on a shaft ot other piece to prevent endwise motion. See Illust. of Collar.
Ruff	A set of lengthened or otherwise modified feathers round, or on, the neck of a bird.
Ruff	A limicoline bird of Europe and Asia (Pavoncella, / Philommachus, pugnax) allied to the sandpipers. The males during the breeding season have a large ruff of erectile feathers, variable in their colors, on the neck, and yellowish naked tubercles on the face. They are polygamous, and are noted for their pugnacity in the breeding season. The female is called reeve, or rheeve.
Ruff	A variety of the domestic pigeon, having a ruff of its neck.
Ruffed	of Ruff
Ruffing	of Ruff
Ruff	To ruffle; to disorder.
Ruff	To beat with the ruff or ruffle, as a drum.
Ruff	To hit, as the prey, without fixing it.
Ruff	Alt. of Ruffe
Ruffe	A small freshwater European perch (Acerina vulgaris); -- called also pope, blacktail, and stone, / striped, perch.
Ruffed	Furnished with a ruff.
Ruffian	A pimp; a pander; also, a paramour.
Ruffian	A boisterous, cruel, brutal fellow; a desperate fellow ready for murderous or cruel deeds; a cutthroat.
Ruffian	brutal; cruel; savagely boisterous; murderous; as, ruffian rage.
Ruffian	To play the ruffian; to rage; to raise tumult.
Ruffianage	Ruffians, collectively; a body of ruffians.
Ruffianish	Having the qualities or manners of a ruffian; ruffianly.
Ruffianlike	Ruffianly.
Ruffianly	Like a ruffian; bold in crimes; characteristic of a ruffian; violent; brutal.
Ruffianous	Ruffianly.
Ruffin	Disordered.
Ruffled	of Ruffle
Ruffling	of Ruffle
Ruffle	To make into a ruff; to draw or contract into puckers, plaits, or folds; to wrinkle.
Ruffle	To furnish with ruffles; as, to ruffle a shirt.
Ruffle	To oughen or disturb the surface of; to make uneven by agitation or commotion.
Ruffle	To erect in a ruff, as feathers.
Ruffle	To beat with the ruff or ruffle, as a drum.
Ruffle	To discompose; to agitate; to disturb.
Ruffle	To throw into disorder or confusion.
Ruffle	To throw together in a disorderly manner.
Ruffle	To grow rough, boisterous, or turbulent.
Ruffle	To become disordered; to play loosely; to flutter.
Ruffle	To be rough; to jar; to be in contention; hence, to put on airs; to swagger.
Ruffle	That which is ruffled; specifically, a strip of lace, cambric, or other fine cloth, plaited or gathered on one edge or in the middle, and used as a trimming; a frill.
Ruffle	A state of being ruffled or disturbed; disturbance; agitation; commotion; as, to put the mind in a ruffle.
Ruffle	A low, vibrating beat of a drum, not so loud as a roll; -- called also ruff.
Ruffle	The connected series of large egg capsules, or oothecae, of any one of several species of American marine gastropods of the genus Fulgur. See Ootheca.
Ruffleless	Having no ruffle.
Rufflement	The act of ruffling.
Ruffler	One who ruffles; a swaggerer; a bully; a ruffian.
Ruffler	That which ruffles; specifically, a sewing machine attachment for making ruffles.
Rufigallic	Pertaining to, or designating, an acid which is obtained from gallic acid as a brown or red crystalline substance, and is related to rufiopin and anthracene.
Rufiopin	A yellowish red crystalline substance related to anthracene, and obtained from opianic acid.
Rufol	A phenol derivative of anthracene obtained as a white crystalline substance, which on oxidation produces a red dyestuff related to anthraquinone.
Rufous	Reddish; of a yellowish red or brownish red color; tawny.
Ruft	Eructation; belching.
Rufterhood	A kind of hood for a hawk.
Rug	A kind of coarse, heavy frieze, formerly used for garments.
Rug	A piece of thick, nappy fabric, commonly made of wool, -- used for various purposes, as for covering and ornamenting part of a bare floor, for hanging in a doorway as a potiere, for protecting a portion of carpet, for a wrap to protect the legs from cold, etc.
Rug	A rough, woolly, or shaggy dog.
Rug	To pull roughly or hastily; to plunder; to spoil; to tear.
Rugae	of Ruga
Ruga	A wrinkle; a fold; as, the rugae of the stomach.
Rugate	Having alternate ridges and depressions; wrinkled.
Rugged	Full of asperities on the surface; broken into sharp or irregular points, or otherwise uneven; not smooth; rough; as, a rugged mountain; a rugged road.
Rugged	Not neat or regular; uneven.
Rugged	Rough with bristles or hair; shaggy.
Rugged	Harsh; hard; crabbed; austere; -- said of temper, character, and the like, or of persons.
Rugged	Stormy; turbulent; tempestuous; rude.
Rugged	Rough to the ear; harsh; grating; -- said of sound, style, and the like.
Rugged	Sour; surly; frowning; wrinkled; -- said of looks, etc.
Rugged	Violent; rude; boisterrous; -- said of conduct, manners, etc.
Rugged	Vigorous; robust; hardy; -- said of health, physique, etc.
Rugging	A coarse kind of woolen cloth, used for wrapping, blanketing, etc.
Rug-gowned	Wearing a coarse gown or shaggy garment made of rug.
Ruggy	Rugged; rough.
Rug-headed	Having shaggy hair; shock-headed.
Rugin	A nappy cloth.
Rugine	An instrument for scraping the periosteum from bones; a raspatory.
Rugine	To scrape or rasp, as a bone; to scale.
Rugosa	An extinct tribe of fossil corals, including numerous species, many of them of large size.  They are characteristic of the Paleozoic formations. The radiating septs, when present, are usually in multiples of four.  See Cyathophylloid.
Rugose	Wrinkled; full of wrinkles; specifically (Bot.), having the veinlets sunken and the spaces between them elevated, as the leaves of the sage and horehound.
Rugosity	The quality or state of being rugose.
Rugous	Wrinkled; rugose.
Rugulose	Somewhat rugose.
Ruhmkorff's coil	See Induction coil, under Induction.
Ruin	The act of falling or tumbling down; fall.
Ruin	Such a change of anything as destroys it, or entirely defeats its object, or unfits it for use; destruction; overthrow; as, the ruin of a ship or an army; the ruin of a constitution or a government; the ruin of health or hopes.
Ruin	That which is fallen down and become worthless from injury or decay; as, his mind is a ruin; especially, in the plural, the remains of a destroyed, dilapidated, or desolate house, fortress, city, or the like.
Ruin	The state of being dcayed, or of having become ruined or worthless; as, to be in ruins; to go to ruin.
Ruin	That which promotes injury, decay, or destruction.
Ruined	of Ruin
Ruining	of Ruin
Ruin	To bring to ruin; to cause to fall to pieces and decay; to make to perish; to bring to destruction; to bring to poverty or bankruptcy; to impair seriously; to damage essentially; to overthrow.
Ruin	To fall to ruins; to go to ruin; to become decayed or dilapidated; to perish.
Ruinable	Capable of being ruined.
Ruinate	To demolish; to subvert; to destroy; to reduce to poverty; to ruin.
Ruinate	To cause to fall; to cast down.
Ruinate	To fall; to tumble.
Ruinate	Involved in ruin; ruined.
Ruination	The act of ruining, or the state of being ruined.
Ruiner	One who, or that which, ruins.
Ruiniform	Having the appearance of ruins, or of the ruins of houses; -- said of certain minerals.
Ruinous	Causing, or tending to cause, ruin; destructive; baneful; pernicious; as, a ruinous project.
Ruinous	Characterized by ruin; ruined; dilapidated; as, an edifice, bridge, or wall in a ruinous state.
Ruinous	Composed of, or consisting in, ruins.
Rukh	The roc.
Rukh	A large bird, supposed by some to be the same as the extinct Epiornis of Madagascar.
Rulable	That may be ruled; subject to rule; accordant or conformable to rule.
Rule	That which is prescribed or laid down as a guide for conduct or action; a governing direction for a specific purpose; an authoritative enactment; a regulation; a prescription; a precept; as, the rules of various societies; the rules governing a school; a rule of etiquette or propriety; the rules of cricket.
Rule	Uniform or established course of things.
Rule	Systematic method or practice; as, my ule is to rise at six o'clock.
Rule	Ordibary course of procedure; usual way; comon state or condition of things; as, it is a rule to which there are many exeptions.
Rule	Conduct in general; behavior.
Rule	The act of ruling; administration of law; government; empire; authority; control.
Rule	An order regulating the practice of the courts, or an order made between parties to an action or a suit.
Rule	A determinate method prescribed for performing any operation and producing a certain result; as, a rule for extracting the cube root.
Rule	A general principle concerning the formation or use of words, or a concise statement thereof; thus, it is a rule in England, that s or es , added to a noun in the singular number, forms the plural of that noun; but "man" forms its plural "men", and is an exception to the rule.
Rule	A straight strip of wood, metal, or the like, which serves as a guide in drawing a straight line; a ruler.
Rule	A measuring instrument consisting of a graduated bar of wood, ivory, metal, or the like, which is usually marked so as to show inches and fractions of an inch, and jointed so that it may be folded compactly.
Rule	A thin plate of metal (usually brass) of the same height as the type, and used for printing lines, as between columns on the same page, or in tabular work.
Rule	A composing rule. See under Conposing.
Ruled	of Rule
Ruling	of Rule
Rule	To control the will and actions of; to exercise authority or dominion over; to govern; to manage.
Rule	To control or direct by influence, counsel, or persuasion; to guide; -- used chiefly in the passive.
Rule	To establish or settle by, or as by, a rule; to fix by universal or general consent, or by common practice.
Rule	To require or command by rule; to give as a direction or order of court.
Rule	To mark with lines made with a pen, pencil, etc., guided by a rule or ruler; to print or mark with lines by means of a rule or other contrivance effecting a similar result; as, to rule a sheet of paper of a blank book.
Rule	To have power or command; to exercise supreme authority; -- often followed by over.
Rule	To lay down and settle a rule or order of court; to decide an incidental point; to enter a rule.
Rule	To keep within a (certain) range for a time; to be in general, or as a rule; as, prices ruled lower yesterday than the day before.
Ruleless	Destitute of rule; lawless.
Rule-monger	A stickler for rules; a slave of rules
Ruler	One who rules; one who exercises sway or authority; a governor.
Ruler	A straight or curved strip of wood, metal, etc., with a smooth edge, used for guiding a pen or pencil in drawing lines.  Cf. Rule, n., 7 (a).
Ruling	Predominant; chief; reigning; controlling; as, a ruling passion; a ruling sovereign.
Ruling	Used in marking or engraving lines; as, a ruling machine or pen.
Ruling	The act of one who rules; ruled lines.
Ruling	A decision or rule of a judge or a court, especially an oral decision, as in excluding evidence.
Rulingly	In a ruling manner; so as to rule.
Rullichies	Chopped meat stuffed into small bags of tripe. They are cut in slices and fried.
Ruly	Orderly; easily restrained; -- opposed to unruly.
Rum	A kind of intoxicating liquor distilled from cane juice, or from the scummings of the boiled juice, or from treacle or molasses, or from the lees of former distillations. Also, sometimes used colloquially as a generic or a collective name for intoxicating liquor.
Rum	Old-fashioned; queer; odd; as, a rum idea; a rum fellow.
Rum	A queer or odd person or thing; a country parson.
Rumble	To make a low, heavy, continued sound; as, the thunder rumbles at a distance.
Rumble	To murmur; to ripple.
Rumble	A noisy report; rumor.
Rumble	A low, heavy, continuous sound like that made by heavy wagons or the reverberation of thunder; a confused noise; as, the rumble of a railroad train.
Rumble	A seat for servants, behind the body of a carriage.
Rumble	A rotating cask or box in which small articles are smoothed or polished by friction against each other.
Rumble	To cause to pass through a rumble, or shaking machine. See Rumble, n., 4.
Rumbler	One who, or that which, rumbles.
Rumbling	a. & n. from Rumble, v. i.
Rumblingly	In a rumbling manner.
Rumbo	Grog.
Rumbowline	Same as Rombowline.
Rumen	The first stomach of ruminants; the paunch; the fardingbag. See Illust. below. 
Rumen	The cud of a ruminant.
Rumicin	A yellow crystalline substance found in the root of yellow dock (Rumex crispus) and identical with chrysophanic acid.
Ruminal	Ruminant; ruminating.
Ruminant	Chewing the cud; characterized by chewing again what has been swallowed; of or pertaining to the Ruminantia.
Ruminant	A ruminant animal; one of the Ruminantia.
Ruminantia	A division of Artiodactyla having four stomachs. This division includes the camels, deer, antelopes, goats, sheep, neat cattle, and allies.
Ruminantly	In a ruminant manner; by ruminating, or chewing the cud.
Ruminated	of Ruminate
Ruminating	of Ruminate
Ruminate	To chew the cud; to chew again what has been slightly chewed and swallowed.
Ruminate	To think again and again; to muse; to meditate;  to ponder; to reflect.
Ruminate	To chew over again.
Ruminate	To meditate or ponder over; to muse on.
Ruminate	Alt. of Ruminated
Ruminated	Having a hard albumen penetrated by irregular channels filled with softer matter, as the nutmeg and the seeds of the North American papaw.
Rumination	The act or process of ruminating, or chewing the cud; the habit of chewing the cud.
Rumination	The state of being disposed to ruminate or ponder; deliberate meditation or reflection.
Rumination	The regurgitation of food from the stomach after it has been swallowed, -- occasionally observed as a morbid phenomenon in man.
Ruminative	Inclined to, or engaged in, rumination or meditation.
Ruminator	One who ruminates or muses; a meditator.
Rumkin	A popular or jocular name for a drinking vessel.
Rummage	A place or room for the stowage of cargo in a ship; also, the act of stowing cargo; the pulling and moving about of packages incident to close stowage; -- formerly written romage.
Rummage	A searching carefully by looking into every corner, and by turning things over.
Rummaged	of Rummage
Rummaging	of Rummage
Rummage	To make room in, as a ship, for the cargo; to move about, as packages, ballast, so as to permit close stowage; to stow closely; to pack; -- formerly written roomage, and romage.
Rummage	To search or examine thoroughly by looking into every corner, and turning over or removing goods or other things; to examine, as a book, carefully, turning over leaf after leaf.
Rummage	To search a place narrowly.
Rummager	One who rummages.
Rummager	A person on shipboard whose business was to take charge of stowing the cargo; -- formerly written roomager, and romager.
Rummer	A large and tall glass, or drinking cup.
Rummy	Of or pertaining to rum; characteristic of rum; as a rummy flavor.
Rummies	of Rummy
Rummy	One who drinks rum; an habitually intemperate person.
Rummy	Strange; odd.
Rumney	A sort of Spanish wine.
Rumor	A flying or popular report; the common talk; hence, public fame; notoriety.
Rumor	A current story passing from one person to another, without any known authority for its truth; -- in this sense often personified.
Rumor	A prolonged, indistinct noise.
Rumored	of Rumor
Rumoring	of Rumor
Rumor	To report by rumor; to tell.
Rumorer	A teller of news; especially, one who spreads false reports.
Rumorous	Of or pertaining to a rumor; of the nature of rumors.
Rumorous	Famous; notorious.
Rumorous	Murmuring.
Rump	The end of the backbone of an animal, with the parts adjacent; the buttock or buttocks.
Rump	Among butchers, the piece of beef between the sirloin and the aitchbone piece. See Illust. of Beef.
Rump	The hind or tail end; a fag-end; a remnant.
Rumper	A member or a supporter of the Rump Parliament.
Rump-fed	A Shakespearean word of uncertain meaning.  Perhaps "fattened in the rump, pampered."
Rumpled	of Rumple
Rumpling	of Rumple
Rumple	To make uneven; to form into irregular inequalities; to wrinkle; to crumple; as, to rumple an apron or a cravat.
Rumple	A fold or plait; a wrinkle.
Rumpled	Wrinkled; crumpled.
Rumpless	Destitute of a rump.
Rumply	Rumpled.
Rumpus	A disturbance; noise and confusion; a quarrel.
Rumseller	One who sells rum; one who deals in intoxicating liquors; especially, one who sells spirituous beverages at retail.
Ran	of Run
Run	of Run
Run	of Run
Running	of Run
Run	To move, proceed, advance, pass, go, come, etc., swiftly, smoothly, or with quick action; -- said of things animate or inanimate. Hence, to flow, glide, or roll onward, as a stream, a snake, a wagon, etc.; to move by quicker action than in walking, as a person, a horse, a dog.
Run	To go swiftly; to pass at a swift pace; to hasten.
Run	To flee, as from fear or danger.
Run	To steal off; to depart secretly.
Run	To contend in a race; hence, to enter into a contest; to become a candidate; as, to run for Congress.
Run	To pass from one state or condition to another; to come into a certain condition; -- often with in or into; as, to run into evil practices; to run in debt.
Run	To exert continuous activity; to proceed; as, to run through life; to run in a circle.
Run	To pass or go quickly in thought or conversation; as, to run from one subject to another.
Run	To discuss; to continue to think or speak about something; -- with on.
Run	To make numerous drafts or demands for payment, as upon a bank; -- with on.
Run	To creep, as serpents.
Run	To flow, as a liquid; to ascend or descend; to course; as, rivers run to the sea; sap runs up in the spring; her blood ran cold.
Run	To proceed along a surface; to extend; to spread.
Run	To become fluid; to melt; to fuse.
Run	To turn, as a wheel; to revolve on an axis or pivot; as, a wheel runs swiftly round.
Run	To travel; to make progress; to be moved by mechanical means; to go; as, the steamboat runs regularly to Albany; the train runs to Chicago.
Run	To extend; to reach; as, the road runs from Philadelphia to New York; the memory of man runneth not to the contrary.
Run	To go back and forth from place to place; to ply; as, the stage runs between the hotel and the station.
Run	To make progress; to proceed; to pass.
Run	To continue in operation; to be kept in action or motion; as, this engine runs night and day; the mill runs six days in the week.
Run	To have a course or direction; as, a line runs east and west.
Run	To be in form thus, as a combination of words.
Run	To be popularly known; to be generally received.
Run	To have growth or development; as, boys and girls run up rapidly.
Run	To tend, as to an effect or consequence; to incline.
Run	To spread and blend together; to unite; as, colors run in washing.
Run	To have a legal course; to be attached; to continue in force, effect, or operation; to follow; to go in company; as, certain covenants run with the land.
Run	To continue without falling due; to hold good; as, a note has thirty days to run.
Run	To discharge pus or other matter; as, an ulcer runs.
Run	To be played on the stage a number of successive days or nights; as, the piece ran for six months.
Run	To sail before the wind, in distinction from reaching or sailing closehauled; -- said of vessels.
Run	Specifically, of a horse: To move rapidly in a gait in which each leg acts in turn as a propeller and a supporter, and in which for an instant all the limbs are gathered in the air under the body.
Run	To move rapidly by springing steps so that there is an instant in each step when neither foot touches the ground; -- so distinguished from walking in athletic competition.
Run	To cause to run (in the various senses of Run, v. i.); as, to run a horse; to run a stage; to run a machine; to run a rope through a block.
Run	To pursue in thought; to carry in contemplation.
Run	To cause to enter; to thrust; as, to run a sword into or through the body; to run a nail into the foot.
Run	To drive or force; to cause, or permit, to be driven.
Run	To fuse; to shape; to mold; to cast; as, to run bullets, and the like.
Run	To cause to be drawn; to mark out; to indicate; to determine; as, to run a line.
Run	To cause to pass, or evade, offical restrictions; to smuggle; -- said of contraband or dutiable goods.
Run	To go through or accomplish by running; as, to run a race; to run a certain career.
Run	To cause to stand as a candidate for office; to support for office; as, to run some one for Congress.
Run	To encounter or incur, as a danger or risk; as, to run the risk of losing one's life. See To run the chances, below.
Run	To put at hazard; to venture; to risk.
Run	To discharge; to emit; to give forth copiously; to be bathed with; as, the pipe or faucet runs hot water.
Run	To be charged with, or to contain much of, while flowing; as, the rivers ran blood.
Run	To conduct; to manage; to carry on; as, to run a factory or a hotel.
Run	To tease with sarcasms and ridicule.
Run	To sew, as a seam, by passing the needle through material in a continuous line, generally taking a series of stitches on the needle at the same time.
Run	To migrate or move in schools; -- said of fish; esp., to ascend a river in order to spawn.
Run	The act of running; as, a long run; a good run; a quick run; to go on the run.
Run	A small stream; a brook; a creek.
Run	That which runs or flows in the course of a certain operation, or during a certain time; as, a run of must in wine making; the first run of sap in a maple orchard.
Run	A course; a series; that which continues in a certain course or series; as, a run of good or bad luck.
Run	State of being current; currency; popularity.
Run	Continued repetition on the stage; -- said of a play; as, to have a run of a hundred successive nights.
Run	A continuing urgent demand; especially, a pressure on a bank or treasury for payment of its notes.
Run	A range or extent of ground for feeding stock; as, a sheep run.
Run	The aftermost part of a vessel's hull where it narrows toward the stern, under the quarter.
Run	The distance sailed by a ship; as, a good run; a run of fifty miles.
Run	A voyage; as, a run to China.
Run	A pleasure excursion; a trip.
Run	The horizontal distance to which a drift may be carried, either by license of the proprietor of a mine or by the nature of the formation; also, the direction which a vein of ore or other substance takes.
Run	A roulade, or series of running tones.
Run	The greatest degree of swiftness in marching.  It is executed upon the same principles as the double-quick, but with greater speed.
Run	The act of migrating, or ascending a river to spawn; -- said of fish; also, an assemblage or school of fishes which migrate, or ascend a river for the purpose of spawning.
Run	In baseball, a complete circuit of the bases made by a player, which enables him to score one; in cricket, a passing from one wicket to the other, by which one point is scored; as, a player made three runs; the side went out with two hundred runs.
Run	A pair or set of millstones.
Run	Melted, or made from molten material; cast in a mold; as, run butter; run iron or lead.
Run	Smuggled; as, run goods.
Runagate	A fugitive; a vagabond; an apostate; a renegade. See Renegade.
Runaway	One who, or that which, flees from danger, duty, restraint, etc.; a fugitive.
Runaway	The act of running away, esp. of a horse or teams; as, there was a runaway yesterday.
Runaway	Running away; fleeing from danger, duty, restraint, etc.; as, runaway soldiers; a runaway horse.
Runaway	Accomplished by running away or elopement, or during flight; as, a runaway marriage.
Runaway	Won by a long lead; as, a runaway victory.
Runaway	Very successful; accomplishing success quickly; as, a runaway bestseller.
Runcation	A weeding.
Runch	The wild radish.
Runcinate	Pinnately cut with the lobes pointing downwards, as the leaf of the dandelion.
Rundel	A moat with water in it; also, a small stream; a runlet.
Rundel	A circle.
Rundle	A round; a step of a ladder; a rung.
Rundle	A ball.
Rundle	Something which rotates about an axis, as a wheel, or the drum of a capstan.
Rundle	One of the pins or trundles of a lantern wheel.
Rundlet	A small barrel of no certain dimensions. It may contain from 3 to 20 gallons, but it usually holds about 14/ gallons.
Rune	A letter, or character, belonging to the written language of the ancient Norsemen, or Scandinavians; in a wider sense, applied to the letters of the ancient nations of Northern Europe in general.
Rune	Old Norse poetry expressed in runes.
Runer	A bard, or learned man, among the ancient Goths.
Rung	imp. & p. p. of Ring.
Rung	A floor timber in a ship.
Rung	One of the rounds of a ladder.
Rung	One of the stakes of a cart; a spar; a heavy staff.
Rung	One of the radial handles projecting from the rim of a steering wheel; also, one of the pins or trundles of a lantern wheel.
Runghead	The upper end of a floor timber in a ship.
Runic	Of or pertaining to a rune, to runes, or to the Norsemen; as, runic verses; runic letters; runic names; runic rhyme.
Runlet	A little run or stream; a streamlet; a brook.
Runlet	Same as Rundlet.
Runnel	A rivulet or small brook.
Runner	One who, or that which, runs; a racer.
Runner	A detective.
Runner	A messenger.
Runner	A smuggler.
Runner	One employed to solicit patronage, as for a steamboat, hotel, shop, etc.
Runner	A slender trailing branch which takes root at the joints or end and there forms new plants, as in the strawberry and the common cinquefoil.
Runner	The rotating stone of a set of millstones.
Runner	A rope rove through a block and used to increase the mechanical power of a tackle.
Runner	One of the pieces on which a sled or sleigh slides; also the part or blade of a skate which slides on the ice.
Runner	A horizontal channel in a mold, through which the metal flows to the cavity formed by the pattern; also, the waste metal left in such a channel.
Runner	A trough or channel for leading molten metal from a furnace to a ladle, mold, or pig bed.
Runner	The movable piece to which the ribs of an umbrella are attached.
Runner	A food fish (Elagatis pinnulatus) of Florida and the West Indies; -- called also skipjack, shoemaker, and yellowtail. The name alludes to its rapid successive leaps from the water.
Runner	Any cursorial bird.
Runner	A movable slab or rubber used in grinding or polishing a surface of stone.
Runner	A tool on which lenses are fastened in a group, for polishing or grinding.
Runnet	See Rennet.
Running	Moving or advancing by running.
Running	Having a running gait; not a trotter or pacer.
Running	trained and kept for running races; as, a running horse.
Running	Successive; one following the other without break or intervention; -- said of periods of time; as, to be away two days running; to sow land two years running.
Running	Flowing; easy; cursive; as, a running hand.
Running	Continuous; keeping along step by step; as, he stated the facts with a running explanation.
Running	Extending by a slender climbing or trailing stem; as, a running vine.
Running	Discharging pus; as, a running sore.
Running	The act of one who, or of that which runs; as, the running was slow.
Running	That which runs or flows; the quantity of a liquid which flows in a certain time or during a certain operation; as, the first running of a still.
Running	The discharge from an ulcer or other sore.
Runningly	In a running manner.
Runnion	See Ronion.
Runology	The science of runes.
Runround	A felon or whitlow.
Runt	Any animal which is unusually small, as compared with others of its kind; -- applied particularly to domestic animals.
Runt	A variety of domestic pigeon, related to the barb and carrier.
Runt	A dwarf; also, a mean, despicable, boorish person; -- used opprobriously.
Runt	The dead stump of a tree; also, the stem of a plant.
Runty	Like a runt; diminutive; mean.
Runway	The channel of a stream.
Runway	The beaten path made by deer or other animals in passing to and from their feeding grounds.
Rupee	A silver coin, and money of account, in the East Indies.
Rupellary	Rocky.
Rupert's drop	A kind of glass drop with a long tail, made by dropping melted glass into water. It is remarkable for bursting into fragments when the surface is scratched or the tail broken; -- so called from Prince Rupert, nephew of Charles I., by whom they were first brought to England. Called also Rupert's ball, and glass tear.
Rupia	An eruption upon the skin, consisting of vesicles with inflamed base and filled with serous, purulent, or bloody fluid, which dries up, forming a blackish crust.
Rupial	Of or pertaining to rupia.
Rupicola	A genus of beautiful South American passerine birds, including the cock of the rock.
Rupicoline	Rock-inhabiting.
Ruption	A breaking or bursting open; breach; rupture.
Ruptuary	One not of noble blood; a plebeian; a roturier.
Rupture	The act of breaking apart, or separating; the state of being broken asunder; as, the rupture of the skin; the rupture of a vessel or fiber; the rupture of a lutestring.
Rupture	Breach of peace or concord between individuals; open hostility or war between nations; interruption of friendly relations; as, the parties came to a rupture.
Rupture	Hernia. See Hernia.
Rupture	A bursting open, as of a steam boiler, in a less sudden manner than by explosion. See Explosion.
Ruptured	of Rupture
Rupturing	of Rupture
Rupture	To part by violence; to break; to burst; as, to rupture a blood vessel.
Rupture	To produce a hernia in.
Rupture	To suffer a breach or disruption.
Ruptured	Having a rupture, or hernia.
Rupturewort	Same as Burstwort.
Rupturewort	A West Indian plant (Alternanthera polygonoides) somewhat resembling burstwort.
Rural	Of or pertaining to the country, as distinguished from a city or town; living in the country; suitable for, or resembling, the country; rustic; as, rural scenes; a rural prospect.
Rural	Of or pertaining to agriculture; as, rural economy.
Rurales	The gossamer-winged butterflies; a family of small butterflies, including the hairstreaks, violets, and theclas.
Ruralism	The quality or state of being rural; ruralness.
Ruralism	A rural idiom or expression.
Ruralist	One who leads a rural life.
ties	of Rurality
Rurality	The quality or state of being rural.
Rurality	A rural place.
Ruralized	of Ruralize
Ruralizing	of Ruralize
Ruralize	To render rural; to give a rural appearance to.
Ruralize	To become rural; to go into the country; to rusticate.
Rurally	In a rural manner; as in the country.
Ruralness	The quality or state of being rural.
Ruricolist	An inhabitant of the country.
Ruridecanal	Of or pertaining to a rural dean; as, a ruridecanal district; the ruridecanal intellect.
Rurigenous	Born in the country.
Ruse	An artifice; trick; stratagem; wile; fraud; deceit.
Rush	A name given to many aquatic or marsh-growing endogenous plants with soft, slender stems, as the species of Juncus and Scirpus.
Rush	The merest trifle; a straw.
Rushed	of Rush
Rushing	of Rush
Rush	To move forward with impetuosity, violence, and tumultuous rapidity or haste; as, armies rush to battle; waters rush down a precipice.
Rush	To enter into something with undue haste and eagerness, or without due deliberation and preparation; as, to rush business or speculation.
Rush	To push or urge forward with impetuosity or violence; to hurry forward.
Rush	To recite (a lesson) or pass (an examination) without an error.
Rush	A moving forward with rapidity and force or eagerness; a violent motion or course; as, a rush of troops; a rush of winds; a rush of water.
Rush	Great activity with pressure; as, a rush of business.
Rush	A perfect recitation.
Rush	A rusher; as, the center rush, whose place is in the center of the rush line; the end rush.
Rush	The act of running with the ball.
Rush-bearing	A kind of rural festival at the dedication of a church, when the parishioners brought rushes to strew the church.
Rushbuckler	A bullying and violent person; a braggart; a swashbuckler.
Rushed	Abounding or covered with rushes.
Rusher	One who rushes.
Rusher	One who strewed rushes on the floor at dances.
Rushiness	The quality or state of abounding with rushes.
Rushingly	In a rushing manner.
Rushlight	A rush candle, or its light; hence, a small, feeble light.
Rushlike	Resembling a rush; weak.
Rushy	Abounding with rushes.
Rushy	Made of rushes.
Rusine	Of, like, or pertaining to, a deer of the genus Rusa, which includes the sambur deer (Rusa Aristotelis) of India.
Rusk	A kind of light, soft bread made with yeast and eggs, often toasted or crisped in an oven; or, a kind of sweetened biscuit.
Rusk	A kind of light, hard cake or bread, as for stores.
Rusk	Bread or cake which has been made brown and crisp, and afterwards grated, or pulverized in a mortar.
Rusma	A depilatory made of orpiment and quicklime, and used by the Turks. See Rhusma.
Russ	A Russian, or the Russians.
Russ	The language of the Russians.
Russ	Of or pertaining to the Russians.
Russet	Of a reddish brown color, or (by some called) a red gray; of the color composed of blue, red, and yellow in equal strength, but unequal proportions, namely, two parts of red to one each of blue and yellow; also, of a yellowish brown color.
Russet	Coarse; homespun; rustic.
Russet	A russet color; a pigment of a russet color.
Russet	Cloth or clothing of a russet color.
Russet	A country dress; -- so called because often of a russet color.
Russet	An apple, or a pear, of a russet color; as, the English russet, and the Roxbury russet.
Russeting	See Russet, n., 2 and 4.
Russety	Of a russet color; russet.
Russia	A country of Europe and Asia.
Russian	Of or pertaining to Russia, its inhabitants, or language.
Russian	A native or inhabitant of Russia; the language of Russia.
Russianize	To make Russian, or more or less like the Russians; as, to Russianize the Poles.
Russification	The act or process of Russifying, or the state of being Russified.
Russify	To Russianize; as, to Russify conquered tribes.
Russophile	Alt. of Russophilist
Russophilist	One who, not being a Russian, favors Russian policy and aggrandizement.
Russophobe	Alt. of Russophobist
Russophobist	One who dreads Russia or Russian influence.
Russophobia	Morbid dread of Russia or of Russian influence.
Rust	The reddish yellow coating formed on iron when exposed to moist air, consisting of ferric oxide or hydroxide; hence, by extension, any metallic film of corrosion.
Rust	A minute mold or fungus forming reddish or rusty spots on the leaves and stems of cereal and other grasses (Trichobasis Rubigo-vera), now usually believed to be a form or condition of the corn mildew (Puccinia graminis). As rust, it has solitary reddish spores; as corn mildew, the spores are double and blackish.
Rust	That which resembles rust in appearance or effects.
Rust	A composition used in making a rust joint. See Rust joint, below.
Rust	Foul matter arising from degeneration; as, rust on salted meat.
Rust	Corrosive or injurious accretion or influence.
Rusted	of Rust
Rusting	of Rust
Rust	To contract rust; to be or become oxidized.
Rust	To be affected with the parasitic fungus called rust; also, to acquire a rusty appearance, as plants.
Rust	To degenerate in idleness; to become dull or impaired by inaction.
Rust	To cause to contract rust; to corrode with rust; to affect with rust of any kind.
Rust	To impair by time and inactivity.
Rustful	Full of rust; resembling rust; causing rust; rusty.
Rustic	Of or pertaining to the country; rural; as, the rustic gods of antiquity.
Rustic	Rude; awkward; rough; unpolished; as, rustic manners.
Rustic	Coarse; plain; simple; as, a rustic entertainment; rustic dress.
Rustic	Simple; artless; unadorned; unaffected.
Rustic	An inhabitant of the country, especially one who is rude, coarse, or dull; a clown.
Rustic	A rural person having a natural simplicity of character or manners; an artless, unaffected person.
Rustical	Rustic.
Rusticated	of Rusticate
Rusticating	of Rusticate
Rusticate	To go into or reside in the country; to ruralize.
Rusticate	To require or compel to reside in the country; to banish or send away temporarily; to impose rustication on.
Rusticated	Resembling rustic work. See Rustic work (a), under Rustic.
Rustication	The act of rusticating, or the state of being rusticated; specifically, the punishment of a student for some offense, by compelling him to leave the institution for a time.
Rustication	Rustic work.
Rusticity	The quality or state of being rustic; rustic manners; rudeness; simplicity; artlessness.
Rusticly	In a rustic manner; rustically.
Rustily	In a rusty state.
Rustiness	The quality or state of being rusty.
Rustled	of Rustle
Rustling	of Rustle
Rustle	To make a quick succession of small sounds, like the rubbing or moving of silk cloth or dry leaves.
Rustle	To stir about energetically; to strive to succeed; to bustle about.
Rustle	To cause to rustle; as, the wind rustles the leaves.
Rustle	A quick succession or confusion of small sounds, like those made by shaking leaves or straw, by rubbing silk, or the like; a rustling.
Rustler	One who, or that which, rustles.
Rustler	A bovine animal that can care for itself in any circumstances; also, an alert, energetic, driving person.
Rustless	Free from rust.
Rusty	Covered or affected with rust; as, a rusty knife or sword; rusty wheat.
Rusty	Impaired by inaction, disuse, or neglect.
Rusty	Discolored and rancid; reasty; as, rusty bacon.
Rusty	Surly; morose; crusty; sullen.
Rusty	Rust-colored; dark.
Rusty	Discolored; stained; not cleanly kept; filthy.
Rusty	Resembling, or covered with a substance resembling, rust; affected with rust; rubiginous.
Rut	Sexual desire or oestrus of deer, cattle, and various other mammals; heat; also, the period during which the oestrus exists.
Rut	Roaring, as of waves breaking upon the shore; rote. See Rote.
Rutted	of Rut
Rutting	of Rut
Rut	To have a strong sexual impulse at the reproductive period; -- said of deer, cattle, etc.
Rut	To cover in copulation.
Rut	A track worn by a wheel or by habitual passage of anything; a groove in which anything runs. Also used figuratively.
Rut	To make a rut or ruts in; -- chiefly used as a past participle or a participial adj.; as, a rutted road.
Ruta-baga	A kind of turnip commonly with a large and long or ovoid yellowish root; a Swedish turnip. See Turnip.
Rutaceous	Of or pertaining to plants of a natural order (Rutaceae) of which the rue is the type, and which includes also the orange, lemon, dittany, and buchu.
Rutate	A salt of rutic acid.
Ruth	Sorrow for the misery of another; pity; tenderness.
Ruth	That which causes pity or compassion; misery; distress; a pitiful sight.
Ruthenic	Pertaining to, or containing, ruthenium; specifically, designating those compounds in which it has a higher valence as contrasted with ruthenious compounds.
Ruthenious	Pertaining to, or containing, ruthenium; specifically, designating those compounds in  which it has a lower valence as contrasted with ruthenic compounds.
Ruthenium	A rare element of the light platinum group, found associated with platinum ores, and isolated as a hard, brittle steel-gray metal which is very infusible.  Symbol Ru.  Atomic weight 103.5. Specific gravity 12.26. See Platinum metals, under Platinum.
Ruthful	Full of ruth
Ruthful	Pitiful; tender.
Ruthful	Full of sorrow; woeful.
Ruthful	Causing sorrow.
Ruthless	Having no ruth; cruel; pitiless.
Rutic	Pertaining to, or obtained from, rue (Ruta); as, rutic acid, now commonly called capric acid.
Rutilant	Having a reddish glow; shining.
Rutilate	To shine; to emit rays of light.
Rutile	A mineral usually of a reddish brown color, and brilliant metallic adamantine luster, occurring in tetragonal crystals. In composition it is titanium dioxide, like octahedrite and brookite.
Rutilian	Any species of lamellicorn beetles belonging to Rutila and allied genera, as the spotted grapevine beetle (Pelidnota punctata).
Rutin	A glucoside resembling, but distinct from, quercitrin. Rutin is found in the leaves of the rue (Ruta graveolens) and other plants, and obtained as a bitter yellow crystalline substance which yields quercitin on decomposition.
Rutinose.	A disaccharide present in glycosides.
Rutter	A horseman or trooper.
Rutter	That which ruts.
Rutterkin	An old crafty fox or beguiler -- a word of contempt.
Ruttier	A chart of a course, esp. at sea.
Ruttish	Inclined to rut; lustful; libidinous; salacious.
Ruttle	A rattling sound in the throat arising from difficulty of breathing; a rattle.
Rutty	Ruttish; lustful.
Rutty	Full of ruts; as, a rutty road.
Rutty	Rooty.
Rutylene	A liquid hydrocarbon, C10H18, of the acetylene series. It is produced artificially.
Ryal	Royal.
Ryal	See Rial, an old English coin.
Ryder	A clause added to a document; a rider. See Rider.
Ryder	A gold coin of Zealand [Netherlands] equal to 14 florins, about $ 5.60.
Rye	A grain yielded by a hardy cereal grass (Secale cereale), closely allied to wheat; also, the plant itself.  Rye constitutes a large portion of the breadstuff used by man.
Rye	A disease in a hawk.
Rynd	A piece of iron crossing the hole in the upper millstone by which the stone is supported on the spindle.
Ryot	A peasant or cultivator of the soil.
Rypophagous	Eating, or subsisting on, filth.
Rys	A branch.
Rysh	Rush, a plant.
Rysimeter	See Rhysimeter.
Ryth	A ford.
Rytina	A genus of large edentulous sirenians, allied to the dugong and manatee, including but one species (R. Stelleri); -- called also Steller's sea cow.
