S	the nineteenth letter of the English alphabet, is a consonant, and is often called a sibilant, in allusion to its hissing sound. It has two principal sounds; one a mere hissing, as in sack, this; the other a vocal hissing (the same as that of z), as in is, wise. Besides these it sometimes has the sounds of sh and zh, as in sure, measure. It generally has its hissing sound at the beginning of words, but in the middle and at the end of words its sound is determined by usage. In a few words it is silent, as in isle, debris.  With the letter h it forms the digraph sh.  See Guide to pronunciation, // 255-261.
-s	The suffix used to form the plural of most words; as in roads, elfs, sides, accounts.
-s	The suffix used to form the third person singular indicative of English verbs; as in falls, tells, sends.
-s	An adverbial suffix; as in towards, needs, always, -- originally the genitive, possesive, ending. See -'s.
's	A contraction for is or (colloquially) for has.
Saadh	See Sadh.
Saan	Same as Bushmen.
Sabadilla	A Mexican liliaceous plant (Schoenocaulon officinale); also, its seeds, which contain the alkaloid veratrine. It was formerly used in medicine as an emetic and purgative.
Sabaean	Same as Sabian.
Sabaeanism	Same as Sabianism.
Sabaeism	Alt. of Sabaism
Sabaism	See Sabianism.
Sabal	A genus of palm trees including the palmetto of the Southern United States.
Sabaoth	Armies; hosts.
Sabaoth	Incorrectly, the Sabbath.
Sabbat	In mediaeval demonology, the nocturnal assembly in which demons and sorcerers were thought to celebrate their orgies.
Sabbatarian	One who regards and keeps the seventh day of the week as holy, agreeably to the letter of the fourth commandment in the Decalogue.
Sabbatarian	A strict observer of the Sabbath.
Sabbatarian	Of or pertaining to the Sabbath, or the tenets of Sabbatarians.
Sabbatarianism	The tenets of Sabbatarians.
Sabbath	A season or day of rest; one day in seven appointed for rest or worship, the observance of which was enjoined upon the Jews in the Decalogue, and has been continued by the Christian church with a transference of the day observed from the last to the first day of the week, which is called also Lord's Day.
Sabbath	The seventh year, observed among the Israelites as one of rest and festival.
Sabbath	Fig.: A time of rest or repose; intermission of pain, effort, sorrow, or the like.
Sabbathless	Without Sabbath, or intermission of labor; hence, without respite or rest.
Sabbatic	Alt. of Sabbatical
Sabbatical	Of or pertaining to the Sabbath; resembling the Sabbath; enjoying or bringing an intermission of labor.
Sabbatism	Intermission of labor, as upon the Sabbath; rest.
Sabbaton	A round-toed, armed covering for the feet, worn during a part of the sixteenth century in both military and civil dress.
Sabean	Same as Sabian.
Sabeism	Same as Sabianism.
Sabella	A genus of tubicolous annelids having a circle of plumose gills around the head.
Sabellian	Pertaining to the doctrines or tenets of Sabellius. See Sabellian, n.
Sabellian	A follower of Sabellius, a presbyter of Ptolemais in the third century, who maintained that there is but one person in the Godhead, and that the Son and Holy Spirit are only different powers, operations, or offices of the one God the Father.
Sabellianism	The doctrines or tenets of Sabellius. See Sabellian, n.
Sabelloid	Like, or related to, the genus Sabella.
Saber	Alt. of Sabre
Sabre	A sword with a broad and heavy blade, thick at the back, and usually more or less curved like a scimiter; a cavalry sword.
Sabered	of Sabre
Sabred	of Sabre
Sabering	of Sabre
Sabring	of Sabre
Saber	Alt. of Sabre
Sabre	To strike, cut, or kill with a saber; to cut down, as with a saber.
Saberbill	Alt. of Sabrebill
Sabrebill	The curlew.
Sabian	Of or pertaining to Saba in Arabia, celebrated for producing aromatic plants.
Sabian	Relating to the religion of Saba, or to the worship of the heavenly bodies.
Sabian	An adherent of the Sabian religion; a worshiper of the heavenly bodies.
Sabianism	The doctrine of the Sabians; the Sabian religion; that species of idolatry which consists in worshiping the sun, moon, and stars; heliolatry.
Sabicu	The very hard wood of a leguminous West Indian tree (Lysiloma Sabicu), valued for shipbuilding.
Sabine	Of or pertaining to the ancient Sabines, a people of Italy.
Sabine	One of the Sabine people.
Sabine	See Savin.
Sable	A carnivorous animal of the Weasel family (Mustela zibellina) native of the northern latitudes of Europe, Asia, and America, -- noted for its fine, soft, and valuable fur.
Sable	The fur of the sable.
Sable	A mourning garment; a funeral robe; -- generally in the plural.
Sable	The tincture black; -- represented by vertical and horizontal lines crossing each other.
Sable	Of the color of the sable's fur; dark; black; -- used chiefly in poetry.
Sabled	of Sable
Sabling	of Sable
Sable	To render sable or dark; to drape darkly or in black.
Sabot	A kind of wooden shoe worn by the peasantry in France, Belgium, Sweden, and some other European countries.
Sabot	A thick, circular disk of wood, to which the cartridge bag and projectile are attached, in fixed ammunition for cannon; also, a piece of soft metal attached to a projectile to take the groove of the rifling.
Sabotiere	A kind of freezer for ices.
Sabre	See Saber.
Sabretasche	A leather case or pocket worn by cavalry at the left side, suspended from the sword belt.
Sabrina work	A variety of applique work for quilts, table covers, etc.
Sabulose	Growing in sandy places.
Sabulosity	The quality of being sabulous; sandiness; grittiness.
Sabulous	Sandy; gritty.
Sac	See Sacs.
Sac	The privilege formerly enjoyed by the lord of a manor, of holding courts, trying causes, and imposing fines.
Sac	See 2d Sack.
Sac	A cavity, bag, or receptacle, usually containing fluid, and either closed, or opening into another cavity to the exterior; a sack.
Sacalait	A kind of fresh-water bass; the crappie.
Sacar	See Saker.
Saccade	A sudden, violent check of a horse by drawing or twitching the reins on a sudden and with one pull.
Saccate	Having the form of a sack or pouch; furnished with a sack or pouch, as a petal.
Saccate	Of or pertaining to the Saccata, a suborder of ctenophores having two pouches into which the long tentacles can be retracted.
Saccharate	A salt of saccharic acid.
Saccharate	In a wider sense, a compound of saccharose, or any similar carbohydrate, with such bases as the oxides of calcium, barium, or lead; a sucrate.
Saccharic	Of, pertaining to, or obtained from, saccharine substances; specifically, designating an acid obtained, as a white amorphous gummy mass, by the oxidation of mannite, glucose, sucrose, etc.
Sacchariferous	Producing sugar; as, sacchariferous canes.
Saccharified	of Saccharify
Saccharifying	of Saccharify
Saccharify	To convert into, or to impregnate with, sugar.
Saccharilla	A kind of muslin.
Saccharimeter	An instrument for ascertaining the quantity of saccharine matter in any solution, as the juice of a plant, or brewers' and distillers' worts.
Saccharimetrical	Of or pertaining to saccharimetry; obtained by saccharimetry.
Saccharimetry	The act, process or method of determining the amount and kind of sugar present in sirup, molasses, and the like, especially by the employment of polarizing apparatus.
Saccharin	A bitter white crystalline substance obtained from the saccharinates and regarded as the lactone of saccharinic acid; -- so called because formerly supposed to be isomeric with cane sugar (saccharose).
Saccharinate	A salt of saccharinic acid.
Saccharinate	A salt of saccharine.
Saccharine	Of or pertaining to sugar; having the qualities of sugar; producing sugar; sweet; as, a saccharine taste; saccharine matter.
Saccharine	A trade name for benzoic sulphinide.
Saccharinic	Of, pertaining to, or derived from, saccharin; specifically, designating a complex acid not known in the free state but well known in its salts, which are obtained by boiling dextrose and levulose (invert sugar) with milk of lime.
Saccharized	of Saccharize
Saccharizing	of Saccharize
Saccharize	To convert into, or to impregnate with, sugar.
Saccharoid	Alt. of Saccharoidal
Saccharoidal	Resembling sugar, as in taste, appearance, consistency, or composition; as, saccharoidal limestone.
Saccharometer	A saccharimeter.
Saccharomyces	A genus of budding fungi, the various species of which have the power, to a greater or less extent, or splitting up sugar into alcohol and carbonic acid. They are the active agents in producing fermentation of wine, beer, etc. Saccharomyces cerevisiae is the yeast of sedimentary beer. Also called Torula.
Saccharomycetes	A family of fungi consisting of the one genus Saccharomyces.
Saccharonate	A salt of saccharonic acid.
Saccharone	A white crystalline substance, C6H8O6, obtained by the oxidation of saccharin, and regarded as the lactone of saccharonic acid.
Saccharone	An oily liquid, C6H10O2, obtained by the reduction of saccharin.
Saccharonic	Of, pertaining to, or derived from, saccharone; specifically, designating an unstable acid which is obtained from saccharone (a) by hydration, and forms a well-known series of salts.
Saccharose	Cane sugar; sucrose; also, in general, any one of the group of which saccharose, or sucrose proper, is the type. See Sucrose.
Saccharous	Saccharine.
Saccharum	A genus of tall tropical grasses including the sugar cane.
Saccholactate	A salt of saccholactic acid; -- formerly called also saccholate.
Saccholactic	Of, pertaining to, or designating, an acid now called mucic acid; saccholic.
Saccholic	Saccholactic.
Sacchulmate	A salt of sacchulmic acid.
Sacchulmic	Of, pertaining to, or designating, an acid obtained as a dark amorphous substance by the long-continued boiling of sucrose with very dilute sulphuric acid. It resembles humic acid.
Sacchulmin	An amorphous huminlike substance resembling sacchulmic acid, and produced together with it.
Sacciferous	Bearing a sac.
Sacciform	Having the general form of a sac.
Saccoglossa	Same as Pellibranchiata.
Saccular	Like a sac; sacciform.
Sacculated	Furnished with little sacs.
Saccule	A little sac; specifically, the sacculus of the ear.
Sacculo-cochlear	Pertaining to the sacculus and cochlea of the ear.
Sacculo-utricular	Pertaining to the sacculus and utriculus of the ear.
Sacculi	of Sacculus
Sacculus	A little sac; esp., a part of the membranous labyrinth of the ear.
Sacci	of Saccus
Saccus	A sac.
Sacella	of Sacellum
Sacellum	An unroofed space consecrated to a divinity.
Sacellum	A small monumental chapel in a church.
Sacerdotal	Of or pertaining to priests, or to the order of priests; relating to the priesthood; priesty; as, sacerdotal dignity; sacerdotal functions.
Sacerdotalism	The system, style, spirit, or character, of a priesthood, or sacerdotal order; devotion to the interests of the sacerdotal order.
Sacerdotally	In a sacerdotal manner.
Sachel	A small bag.
Sachem	A chief of a tribe of the American Indians; a sagamore.
Sachemdom	The government or jurisdiction of a sachem.
Sachemship	Office or condition of a sachem.
Sachet	A scent bag, or perfume cushion, to be laid among handkerchiefs, garments, etc., to perfume them.
Saciety	Satiety.
Sack	A name formerly given to various dry Spanish wines.
Sack	A bag for holding and carrying goods of any kind; a receptacle made of some kind of pliable material, as cloth, leather, and the like; a large pouch.
Sack	A measure of varying capacity, according to local usage and the substance. The American sack of salt is 215 pounds; the sack of wheat, two bushels.
Sack	Originally, a loosely hanging garment for women, worn like a cloak about the shoulders, and serving as a decorative appendage to the gown; now, an outer garment with sleeves, worn by women; as, a dressing sack.
Sack	A sack coat; a kind of coat worn by men, and extending from top to bottom without a cross seam.
Sack	See 2d Sac, 2.
Sack	Bed.
Sack	To put in a sack; to bag; as, to sack corn.
Sack	To bear or carry in a sack upon the back or the shoulders.
Sack	The pillage or plunder, as of a town or city; the storm and plunder of a town; devastation; ravage.
Sacked	of Sack
Sacking	of Sack
Sack	To plunder or pillage, as a town or city; to devastate; to ravage.
Sackage	The act of taking by storm and pillaging; sack.
Sackbut	A brass wind instrument, like a bass trumpet, so contrived that it can be lengthened or shortened according to the tone required; -- said to be the same as the trombone.
Sackcloth	Linen or cotton cloth such as sacks are made of; coarse cloth; anciently, a cloth or garment worn in mourning, distress, mortification, or penitence.
Sackclothed	Clothed in sackcloth.
Sacker	One who sacks; one who takes part in the storm and pillage of a town.
Sackfuls	of Sackful
Sackful	As much as a sack will hold.
Sackful	Bent on plunder.
Sacking	Stout, coarse cloth of which sacks, bags, etc., are made.
Sackless	Quiet; peaceable; harmless; innocent.
Sack-winged	Having a peculiar pouch developed near the front edge of the wing; -- said of certain bats of the genus Saccopteryx.
Sacque	Same as 2d Sack, 3.
Sacral	Of or pertaining to the sacrum; in the region of the sacrum.
Sacrament	The oath of allegiance taken by Roman soldiers; hence, a sacred ceremony used to impress an obligation; a solemn oath-taking; an oath.
Sacrament	The pledge or token of an oath or solemn covenant; a sacred thing; a mystery.
Sacrament	One of the solemn religious ordinances enjoined by Christ, the head of the Christian church, to be observed by his followers; hence, specifically, the eucharist; the Lord's Supper.
Sacrament	To bind by an oath.
Sacramental	Of or pertaining to a sacrament or the sacraments; of the nature of a sacrament; sacredly or solemnly binding; as, sacramental rites or elements.
Sacramental	Bound by a sacrament.
Sacramental	That which relates to a sacrament.
Sacramentalism	The doctrine and use of sacraments; attachment of excessive importance to sacraments.
Sacramentalist	One who holds the doctrine of the real objective presence of Christ's body and blood in the holy eucharist.
Sacramentally	In a sacramental manner.
Sacramentarian	A name given in the sixteenth century to those German reformers who rejected both the Roman and the Lutheran doctrine of the holy eucharist.
Sacramentarian	One who holds extreme opinions regarding the efficacy of sacraments.
Sacramentarian	Of or pertaining a sacrament, or to the sacramentals; sacramental.
Sacramentarian	Of or pertaining to the Sacramentarians.
Sacramentary	Of or pertaining to a sacrament or the sacraments; sacramental.
Sacramentary	Of or pertaining to the Sacramentarians.
-ries	of Sacramentary
Sacramentary	An ancient book of the Roman Catholic Church, written by Pope Gelasius, and revised, corrected, and abridged by St. Gregory, in which were contained the rites for Mass, the sacraments, the dedication of churches, and other ceremonies. There are several ancient books of the same kind in France and Germany.
Sacramentary	Same as Sacramentarian, n., 1.
Sacramentize	To administer the sacraments.
-ria	of Sacrarium
Sacrarium	A sort of family chapel in the houses of the Romans, devoted to a special divinity.
Sacrarium	The adytum of a temple.
Sacrarium	In a Christian church, the sanctuary.
Sacrate	To consecrate.
Sacration	Consecration.
Sacre	See Saker.
Sacre	To consecrate; to make sacred.
Sacred	Set apart by solemn religious ceremony; especially, in a good sense, made holy; set apart to religious use; consecrated; not profane or common; as, a sacred place; a sacred day; sacred service.
Sacred	Relating to religion, or to the services of religion; not secular; religious; as, sacred history.
Sacred	Designated or exalted by a divine sanction; possessing the highest title to obedience, honor, reverence, or veneration; entitled to extreme reverence; venerable.
Sacred	Hence, not to be profaned or violated; inviolable.
Sacred	Consecrated; dedicated; devoted; -- with to.
Sacred	Solemnly devoted, in a bad sense, as to evil, vengeance, curse, or the like; accursed; baleful.
Sacrific	Alt. of Sacrifical
Sacrifical	Employed in sacrifice.
Sacrificable	Capable of being offered in sacrifice.
Sacrificant	One who offers a sacrifice.
Sacrificator	A sacrificer; one who offers a sacrifice.
Sacrificatory	Offering sacrifice.
Sacrifice	The offering of anything to God, or to a god; consecratory rite.
Sacrifice	Anything consecrated and offered to God, or to a divinity; an immolated victim, or an offering of any kind, laid upon an altar, or otherwise presented in the way of religious thanksgiving, atonement, or conciliation.
Sacrifice	Destruction or surrender of anything for the sake of something else; devotion of some desirable object in behalf of a higher object, or to a claim deemed more pressing; hence, also, the thing so devoted or given up; as, the sacrifice of interest to pleasure, or of pleasure to interest.
Sacrifice	A sale at a price less than the cost or the actual value.
Sacrificed	of Sacrifice
Sacrificing	of Sacrifice
Sacrifice	To make an offering of; to consecrate or present to a divinity by way of expiation or propitiation, or as a token acknowledgment or thanksgiving; to immolate on the altar of God, in order to atone for sin, to procure favor, or to express thankfulness; as, to sacrifice an ox or a sheep.
Sacrifice	Hence, to destroy, surrender, or suffer to be lost, for the sake of obtaining something; to give up in favor of a higher or more imperative object or duty; to devote, with loss or suffering.
Sacrifice	To destroy; to kill.
Sacrifice	To sell at a price less than the cost or the actual value.
Sacrifice	To make offerings to God, or to a deity, of things consumed on the altar; to offer sacrifice.
Sacrificer	One who sacrifices.
Sacrificial	Of or pertaining to sacrifice or sacrifices; consisting in sacrifice; performing sacrifice.
Sacrilege	The sin or crime of violating or profaning sacred things; the alienating to laymen, or to common purposes, what has been appropriated or consecrated to religious persons or uses.
Sacrilegious	Violating sacred things; polluted with sacrilege; involving sacrilege; profane; impious.
Sacrilegist	One guilty of sacrilege.
Sacring	a. & n. from Sacre.
Sacrist	A sacristan; also, a person retained in a cathedral to copy out music for the choir, and take care of the books.
Sacristan	An officer of the church who has the care of the utensils or movables, and of the church in general; a sexton.
Sacristies	of Sacristy
Sacristy	An apartment in a church where the sacred utensils, vestments, etc., are kept; a vestry.
Sacro-	A combining form denoting connection with, or relation to, the sacrum, as in sacro-coccygeal, sacro-iliac, sacrosciatic.
Sacrosanct	Sacred; inviolable.
Sacrosciatic	Of or pertaining to both the sacrum and the hip; as, the sacrosciatic foramina formed by the sacrosciatic ligaments which connect the sacrum and the hip bone.
Sacrovertebral	Of or pertaining to the sacrum and that part of the vertebral column immediately anterior to it; as, the sacrovertebral angle.
sacra	of Sacrum
Sacrum	That part of the vertebral column which is directly connected with, or forms a part of, the pelvis.
Sacs	A tribe of Indians, which, together with the Foxes, formerly occupied the region about Green Bay, Wisconsin.
Sad	Sated; satisfied; weary; tired.
Sad	Heavy; weighty; ponderous; close; hard.
Sad	Dull; grave; dark; somber; -- said of colors.
Sad	Serious; grave; sober; steadfast; not light or frivolous.
Sad	Affected with grief or unhappiness; cast down with affliction; downcast; gloomy; mournful.
Sad	Afflictive; calamitous; causing sorrow; as, a sad accident; a sad misfortune.
Sad	Hence, bad; naughty; troublesome; wicked.
Sad	To make sorrowful; to sadden.
Sadda	A work in the Persian tongue, being a summary of the Zend-Avesta, or sacred books.
Saddened	of Sadden
Saddening	of Sadden
Sadden	To make sad.
Sadden	To render heavy or cohesive.
Sadden	To make dull- or sad-colored, as cloth.
Sadden	To make grave or serious; to make melancholy or sorrowful.
Sadden	To become, or be made, sad.
Sadder	Same as Sadda.
Saddle	A seat for a rider, -- usually made of leather, padded to span comfortably a horse's back, furnished with stirrups for the rider's feet to rest in, and fastened in place with a girth; also, a seat for the rider on a bicycle or tricycle.
Saddle	A padded part of a harness which is worn on a horse's back, being fastened in place with a girth. It serves various purposes, as to keep the breeching in place, carry guides for the reins, etc.
Saddle	A piece of meat containing a part of the backbone of an animal with the ribs on each side; as, a saddle of mutton, of venison, etc.
Saddle	A block of wood, usually fastened to some spar, and shaped to receive the end of another spar.
Saddle	A part, as a flange, which is hollowed out to fit upon a convex surface and serve as a means of attachment or support.
Saddle	The clitellus of an earthworm.
Saddle	The threshold of a door, when a separate piece from the floor or landing; -- so called because it spans and covers the joint between two floors.
Saddled	of Saddle
Saddling	of Saddle
Saddle	To put a saddle upon; to equip (a beast) for riding.
Saddle	Hence: To fix as a charge or burden upon; to load; to encumber; as, to saddle a town with the expense of bridges and highways.
Saddleback	Same as Saddle-backed.
Saddleback	Anything saddle-backed; esp., a hill or ridge having a concave outline at the top.
Saddleback	The harp seal.
Saddleback	The great blackbacked gull (Larus marinus).
Saddleback	The larva of a bombycid moth (Empretia stimulea) which has a large, bright green, saddle-shaped patch of color on the back.
Saddle-backed	Having the outline of the upper part concave like the seat of a saddle.
Saddle-backed	Having a low back and high neck, as a horse.
Saddlebags	Bags, usually of leather, united by straps or a band, formerly much used by horseback riders to carry small articles, one bag hanging on each side.
Saddlebow	The bow or arch in the front part of a saddle, or the pieces which form the front.
Saddlecloth	A cloth under a saddle, and extending out behind; a housing.
Saddled	Having a broad patch of color across the back, like a saddle; saddle-backed.
Saddler	One who makes saddles.
Saddler	A harp seal.
Saddlery	The materials for making saddles and harnesses; the articles usually offered for sale in a saddler's shop.
Saddlery	The trade or employment of a saddler.
Saddle-shaped	Shaped like a saddle.
Saddle-shaped	Bent down at the sides so as to give the upper part a rounded form.
Saddle-shaped	Bent on each side of a mountain or ridge, without being broken at top; -- said of strata.
Saddletree	The frame of a saddle.
Sadducaic	Pertaining to, or like, the Sadducees; as, Sadducaic reasonings.
Sadducee	One of a sect among the ancient Jews, who denied the resurrection, a future state, and the existence of angels.
Sadduceeism	Alt. of Sadducism
Sadducism	The tenets of the Sadducees.
Sadducized	of Sadducize
Sadducizing	of Sadducize
Sadducize	To adopt the principles of the Sadducees.
Sadh	A member of a monotheistic sect of Hindoos. Sadhs resemble the Quakers in many respects.
Sadiron	An iron for smoothing clothes; a flatiron.
Sadly	Wearily; heavily; firmly.
Sadly	Seriously; soberly; gravely.
Sadly	Grievously; deeply; sorrowfully; miserably.
Sadness	Heaviness; firmness.
Sadness	Seriousness; gravity; discretion.
Sadness	Quality of being sad, or unhappy; gloominess; sorrowfulness; dejection.
Sadr	A plant of the genus Ziziphus (Z. lotus); -- so called by the Arabs of Barbary, who use its berries for food. See Lotus (b).
Saengerfest	A festival of singers; a German singing festival.
Safe	Free from harm, injury, or risk; untouched or unthreatened by danger or injury; unharmed; unhurt; secure; whole; as, safe from disease; safe from storms; safe from foes.
Safe	Conferring safety; securing from harm; not exposing to danger; confining securely; to be relied upon; not dangerous; as, a safe harbor; a safe bridge, etc.
Safe	Incapable of doing harm; no longer dangerous; in secure care or custody; as, the prisoner is safe.
Safe	A place for keeping things in safety.
Safe	A strong and fireproof receptacle (as a movable chest of steel, etc., or a closet or vault of brickwork) for containing money, valuable papers, or the like.
Safe	A ventilated or refrigerated chest or closet for securing provisions from noxious animals or insects.
Safe	To render safe; to make right.
Safe-conduct	That which gives a safe passage
Safe-conduct	a convoy or guard to protect a person in an enemy's country or a foreign country
Safe-conduct	a writing, pass, or warrant of security, given to a person to enable him to travel with safety.
Safe-conduct	To conduct safely; to give safe-conduct to.
Safeguard	One who, or that which, defends or protects; defense; protection.
Safeguard	A convoy or guard to protect a traveler or property.
Safeguard	A pass; a passport; a safe-conduct.
Safeguard	To guard; to protect.
Safe-keeping	The act of keeping or preserving in safety from injury or from escape; care; custody.
Safely	In a safe manner; danger, injury, loss, or evil consequences.
Safeness	The quality or state of being safe; freedom from hazard, danger, harm, or loss; safety; security; as the safeness of an experiment, of a journey, or of a possession.
Safe-pledge	A surety for the appearance of a person at a given time.
Safety	The condition or state of being safe; freedom from danger or hazard; exemption from hurt, injury, or loss.
Safety	Freedom from whatever exposes one to danger or from liability to cause danger or harm; safeness; hence, the quality of making safe or secure, or of giving confidence, justifying trust, insuring against harm or loss, etc.
Safety	Preservation from escape; close custody.
Safety	Same as Safety touchdown, below.
Safflow	The safflower.
Safflower	An annual composite plant (Carthamus tinctorius), the flowers of which are used as a dyestuff and in making rouge; bastard, or false, saffron.
Safflower	The dried flowers of the Carthamus tinctorius.
Safflower	A dyestuff from these flowers. See Safranin (b).
Saffron	A bulbous iridaceous plant (Crocus sativus) having blue flowers with large yellow stigmas. See Crocus.
Saffron	The aromatic, pungent, dried stigmas, usually with part of the stile, of the Crocus sativus. Saffron is used in cookery, and in coloring confectionery, liquors, varnishes, etc., and was formerly much used in medicine.
Saffron	An orange or deep yellow color, like that of the stigmas of the Crocus sativus.
Saffron	Having the color of the stigmas of saffron flowers; deep orange-yellow; as, a saffron face; a saffron streamer.
Saffron	To give color and flavor to, as by means of saffron; to spice.
Saffrony	Having a color somewhat like saffron; yellowish.
Safranin	An orange-red dyestuff extracted from the saffron.
Safranin	A red dyestuff extracted from the safflower, and formerly used in dyeing wool, silk, and cotton pink and scarlet; -- called also Spanish red, China lake, and carthamin.
Safranin	An orange-red dyestuff prepared from certain nitro compounds of creosol, and used as a substitute for the safflower dye.
Safranine	An orange-red nitrogenous dyestuff produced artificially by oxidizing certain aniline derivatives, and used in dyeing silk and wool; also, any one of the series of which safranine proper is the type.
Sagged	of Sag
Sagging	of Sag
Sag	To sink, in the middle, by its weight or under applied pressure, below a horizontal line or plane; as, a line or cable supported by its ends sags, though tightly drawn; the floor of a room sags; hence, to lean, give way, or settle from a vertical position; as, a building may sag one way or another; a door sags on its hinges.
Sag	Fig.: To lose firmness or elasticity; to sink; to droop; to flag; to bend; to yield, as the mind or spirits, under the pressure of care, trouble, doubt, or the like; to be unsettled or unbalanced.
Sag	To loiter in walking; to idle along; to drag or droop heavily.
Sag	To cause to bend or give way; to load.
Sag	State of sinking or bending; sagging.
Sagas	of Saga
Saga	A Scandinavian legend, or heroic or mythic tradition, among the Norsemen and kindred people; a northern European popular historical or religious tale of olden time.
Sagacious	Of quick sense perceptions; keen-scented; skilled in following a trail.
Sagacious	Hence, of quick intellectual perceptions; of keen penetration and judgment; discerning and judicious; knowing; far-sighted; shrewd; sage; wise; as, a sagacious man; a sagacious remark.
Sagacity	The quality of being sagacious; quickness or acuteness of sense perceptions; keenness of discernment or penetration with soundness of judgment; shrewdness.
Sagamore	The head of a tribe among the American Indians; a chief; -- generally used as synonymous with sachem, but some writters distinguished between them, making the sachem a chief of the first rank, and a sagamore one of the second rank.
Sagamore	A juice used in medicine.
Sagapen	Sagapenum.
Sagapenum	A fetid gum resin obtained from a species of Ferula. It has been used in hysteria, etc., but is now seldom met with.
Sagathy	A mixed woven fabric of silk and cotton, or silk and wool; sayette; also, a light woolen fabric.
Sage	A suffruticose labiate plant (Salvia officinalis) with grayish green foliage, much used in flavoring meats, etc. The name is often extended to the whole genus, of which many species are cultivated for ornament, as the scarlet sage, and Mexican red and blue sage.
Sage	The sagebrush.
Sage	Having nice discernment and powers of judging; prudent; grave; sagacious.
Sage	Proceeding from wisdom; well judged; shrewd; well adapted to the purpose.
Sage	Grave; serious; solemn.
Sage	A wise man; a man of gravity and wisdom; especially, a man venerable for years, and of sound judgment and prudence; a grave philosopher.
Sagebrush	A low irregular shrub (Artemisia tridentata), of the order Compositae, covering vast tracts of the dry alkaline regions of the American plains; -- called also sagebush, and wild sage.
Sagely	In a sage manner; wisely.
Sagene	A Russian measure of length equal to about seven English feet.
Sageness	The quality or state of being sage; wisdom; sagacity; prudence; gravity.
Sagenite	Acicular rutile occurring in reticulated forms imbedded in quartz.
Sagenitic	Resembling sagenite; -- applied to quartz when containing acicular crystals of other minerals, most commonly rutile, also tourmaline, actinolite, and the like.
Sagger	A pot or case of fire clay, in which fine stoneware is inclosed while baking in the kiln; a seggar.
Sagger	The clay of which such pots or cases are made.
Sagging	A bending or sinking between the ends of a thing, in consequence of its own, or an imposed, weight; an arching downward in the middle, as of a ship after straining. Cf. Hogging.
Saginate	To make fat; to pamper.
Sagination	The act of fattening or pampering.
Sagitta	A small constellation north of Aquila; the Arrow.
Sagitta	The keystone of an arch.
Sagitta	The distance from a point in a curve to the chord; also, the versed sine of an arc; -- so called from its resemblance to an arrow resting on the bow and string.
Sagitta	The larger of the two otoliths, or ear bones, found in most fishes.
Sagitta	A genus of transparent, free-swimming marine worms having lateral and caudal fins, and capable of swimming rapidly. It is the type of the class Chaetognatha.
Sagittal	Of or pertaining to an arrow; resembling an arrow; furnished with an arrowlike appendage.
Sagittal	Of or pertaining to the sagittal suture; in the region of the sagittal suture; rabdoidal; as, the sagittal furrow, or groove, on the inner surface of the roof of the skull.
Sagittal	In the mesial plane; mesial; as, a sagittal section of an animal.
Sagittarius	The ninth of the twelve signs of the zodiac, which the sun enters about November 22, marked thus [/] in almanacs; the Archer.
Sagittarius	A zodiacal constellation, represented on maps and globes as a centaur shooting an arrow.
Sagittary	A centaur; a fabulous being, half man, half horse, armed with a bow and quiver.
Sagittary	The Arsenal in Venice; -- so called from having a figure of an archer over the door.
Sagittary	Pertaining to, or resembling, an arrow.
Sagittate	Shaped like an arrowhead; triangular, with the two basal angles prolonged downward.
Sagittated	Sagittal; sagittate.
Sagittocyst	A defensive cell containing a minute rodlike structure which may be expelled. Such cells are found in certain Turbellaria.
Sago	A dry granulated starch imported from the East Indies, much used for making puddings and as an article of diet for the sick; also, as starch, for stiffening textile fabrics. It is prepared from the stems of several East Indian and Malayan palm trees, but chiefly from the Metroxylon Sagu; also from several cycadaceous plants (Cycas revoluta, Zamia integrifolia, etc.).
Sagoin	A marmoset; -- called also sagouin.
Saga	of Sagum
Sagum	The military cloak of the Roman soldiers.
Sagus	A genus of palms from which sago is obtained.
Sagy	Full of sage; seasoned with sage.
Sahib	Alt. of Saheb
Saheb	A respectful title or appellation given to Europeans of rank.
Sahibah	A lady; mistress.
Sahidic	Same as Thebaic.
Sahlite	See Salite.
Sahui	A marmoset.
Sai	See Capuchin, 3 (a).
Saibling	A European mountain trout (Salvelinus alpinus); -- called also Bavarian charr.
Saic	A kind of ketch very common in the Levant, which has neither topgallant sail nor mizzen topsail.
Said	imp. & p. p. of Say.
Said	Before-mentioned; already spoken of or specified; aforesaid; -- used chiefly in legal style.
Saiga	An antelope (Saiga Tartarica) native of the plains of Siberia and Eastern Russia. The male has erect annulated horns, and tufts of long hair beneath the eyes and ears.
Saikyr	Same as Saker.
Sail	An extent of canvas or other fabric by means of which the wind is made serviceable as a power for propelling vessels through the water.
Sail	Anything resembling a sail, or regarded as a sail.
Sail	A wing; a van.
Sail	The extended surface of the arm of a windmill.
Sail	A sailing vessel; a vessel of any kind; a craft.
Sail	A passage by a sailing vessel; a journey or excursion upon the water.
Sailed	of Sail
Sailing	of Sail
Sail	To be impelled or driven forward by the action of wind upon sails, as a ship on water; to be impelled on a body of water by the action of steam or other power.
Sail	To move through or on the water; to swim, as a fish or a water fowl.
Sail	To be conveyed in a vessel on water; to pass by water; as, they sailed from London to Canton.
Sail	To set sail; to begin a voyage.
Sail	To move smoothly through the air; to glide through the air without apparent exertion, as a bird.
Sail	To pass or move upon, as in a ship, by means of sails; hence, to move or journey upon (the water) by means of steam or other force.
Sail	To fly through; to glide or move smoothly through.
Sail	To direct or manage the motion of, as a vessel; as, to sail one's own ship.
Sailable	Capable of being sailed over; navigable; as, a sailable river.
Sailboat	A boat propelled by a sail or sails.
Sailcloth	Duck or canvas used in making sails.
Sailer	A sailor.
Sailer	A ship or other vessel; -- with qualifying words descriptive of speed or manner of sailing; as, a heavy sailer; a fast sailer.
Sailfish	The banner fish, or spikefish (Histiophorus.)
Sailfish	The basking, or liver, shark.
Sailfish	The quillback.
Sailing	The act of one who, or that which, sails; the motion of a vessel on water, impelled by wind or steam; the act of starting on a voyage.
Sailing	The art of managing a vessel; seamanship; navigation; as, globular sailing; oblique sailing.
Sailless	Destitute of sails.
Sailmaker	One whose occupation is to make or repair sails.
Sailor	One who follows the business of navigating ships or other vessels; one who understands the practical management of ships; one of the crew of a vessel; a mariner; a common seaman.
Saily	Like a sail.
Saim	Lard; grease.
Saimir	The squirrel monkey.
Sain	Said.
Sain	To sanctify; to bless so as to protect from evil influence.
Sainfoin	A leguminous plant (Onobrychis sativa) cultivated for fodder.
Sainfoin	A kind of tick trefoil (Desmodium Canadense).
Saint	A person sanctified; a holy or godly person; one eminent for piety and virtue; any true Christian, as being redeemed and consecrated to God.
Saint	One of the blessed in heaven.
Saint	One canonized by the church.
Sainted	of Saint
Sainting	of Saint
Saint	To make a saint of; to enroll among the saints by an offical act, as of the pope; to canonize; to give the title or reputation of a saint to (some one).
Saint	To act or live as a saint.
Saintdom	The state or character of a saint.
Sainted	Consecrated; sacred; holy; pious.
Sainted	Entered into heaven; -- a euphemism for dead.
Saintess	A female saint.
Sainthood	The state of being a saint; the condition of a saint.
Sainthood	The order, or united body, of saints; saints, considered collectively.
Saintish	Somewhat saintlike; -- used ironically.
Saintism	The character or quality of saints; also, hypocritical pretense of holiness.
Saintlike	Resembling a saint; suiting a saint; becoming a saint; saintly.
Saintliness	Quality of being saintly.
Saintly	Like a saint; becoming a holy person.
Saintologist	One who writes the lives of saints.
Saintship	The character or qualities of a saint.
Saint-Simonian	A follower of the Count de St. Simon, who died in 1825, and who maintained that the principle of property held in common, and the just division of the fruits of common labor among the members of society, are the true remedy for the social evils which exist.
Saint-Simonianism	The principles, doctrines, or practice of the Saint-Simonians; -- called also Saint- Simonism.
Saith	3d pers. sing. pres. of Say.
Saithe	The pollock, or coalfish; -- called also sillock.
Saiva	One of an important religious sect in India which regards Siva with peculiar veneration.
Saivism	The worship of Siva.
Sajene	Same as Sagene.
Sajou	Same as Sapajou.
Sake	Final cause; end; purpose of obtaining; cause; motive; reason; interest; concern; account; regard or respect; -- used chiefly in such phrases as, for the sake of, for his sake, for man's sake, for mercy's sake, and the like; as, to commit crime for the sake of gain; to go abroad for the sake of one's health.
Saker	A falcon (Falco sacer) native of Southern Europe and Asia, closely resembling the lanner.
Saker	The peregrine falcon.
Saker	A small piece of artillery.
Sakeret	The male of the saker (a).
Saki	Any one of several species of South American monkeys of the genus Pithecia. They have large ears, and a long hairy tail which is not prehensile.
Saki	The alcoholic drink of Japan. It is made from rice.
Sakti	The divine energy, personified as the wife of a deity (Brahma, Vishnu, Siva, etc.); the female principle.
Sal	An East Indian timber tree (Shorea robusta), much used for building purposes. It is of a light brown color, close-grained, heavy, and durable.
Sal	Salt.
Salaam	Same as Salam.
Salaam	To make or perform a salam.
Salability	The quality or condition of being salable; salableness.
Salable	Capable of being sold; fit to be sold; finding a ready market.
Salacious	Having a propensity to venery; lustful; lecherous.
Salacity	Strong propensity to venery; lust; lecherousness.
Salad	A preparation of vegetables, as lettuce, celery, water cress, onions, etc., usually dressed with salt, vinegar, oil, and spice, and eaten for giving a relish to other food; as, lettuce salad; tomato salad, etc.
Salad	A dish composed of chopped meat or fish, esp. chicken or lobster, mixed with lettuce or other vegetables, and seasoned with oil, vinegar, mustard, and other condiments; as, chicken salad; lobster salad.
Salade	A helmet. See Sallet.
Salading	Vegetables for salad.
Salaeratus	See Saleratus.
Salagane	The esculent swallow. See under Esculent.
Salal-berry	The edible fruit of the Gaultheria Shallon, an ericaceous shrub found from California northwards. The berries are about the size of a common grape and of a dark purple color.
Salam	A salutation or compliment of ceremony in the east by word or act; an obeisance, performed by bowing very low and placing the right palm on the forehead.
Salamander	Any one of numerous species of Urodela, belonging to Salamandra, Amblystoma, Plethodon, and various allied genera, especially those that are more or less terrestrial in their habits.
Salamander	The pouched gopher (Geomys tuza) of the Southern United States.
Salamander	A culinary utensil of metal with a plate or disk which is heated, and held over pastry, etc., to brown it.
Salamander	A large poker.
Salamander	Solidified material in a furnace hearth.
Salamandrina	A suborder of Urodela, comprising salamanders.
Salamandrine	Of, pertaining to, or resembling, a salamander; enduring fire.
Salamandroid	Like or pertaining to the salamanders.
Salamandroidea	A division of Amphibia including the Salamanders and allied groups; the Urodela.
Salamstone	A kind of blue sapphire brought from Ceylon.
Salangana	The salagane.
Salaried	Receiving a salary; paid by a salary; having a salary attached; as, a salaried officer; a salaried office.
Salary	Saline
Salaries	of Salary
Salary	The recompense or consideration paid, or stipulated to be paid, to a person at regular intervals for services; fixed wages, as by the year, quarter, or month; stipend; hire.
Salaried	of Salary
Salarying	of Salary
Salary	To pay, or agree to pay, a salary to; to attach salary to; as, to salary a clerk; to salary a position.
Sale	See 1st Sallow.
Sale	The act of selling; the transfer of property, or a contract to transfer the ownership of property, from one person to another for a valuable consideration, or for a price in money.
Sale	Opportunity of selling; demand; market.
Sale	Public disposal to the highest bidder, or exposure of goods in market; auction.
Saleable	Alt. of Saleably
Saleably	See Salable, Salably, etc.
Saleb	See Salep.
Salebrosity	Roughness or ruggedness.
Salebrous	Rough; rugged.
Salep	The dried tubers of various species of Orchis, and Eulophia. It is used to make a nutritious beverage by treating the powdered preparation with hot water.
Saleratus	Aerated salt; a white crystalline substance having an alkaline taste and reaction, consisting of sodium bicarbonate (see under Sodium.) It is largely used in cooking, with sour milk (lactic acid) or cream of tartar as a substitute for yeast. It is also an ingredient of most baking powders, and is used in the preparation of effervescing drinks.
Salesmen	of Salesman
Salesman	One who sells anything; one whose occupation is to sell goods or merchandise.
Saleswomen	of Saleswoman
Saleswoman	A woman whose occupation is to sell goods or merchandise.
Salework	Work or things made for sale; hence, work done carelessly or slightingly.
Salian	Denoting a tribe of Franks who established themselves early in the fourth century on the river Sala [now Yssel]; Salic.
Salian	A Salian Frank.
Saliant	Same as Salient.
Saliaunce	Salience; onslaught.
Salic	Of or pertaining to the Salian Franks, or to the Salic law so called.
Salicaceous	Belonging or relating to the willow.
Salicin	A glucoside found in the bark and leaves of several species of willow (Salix) and poplar, and extracted as a bitter white crystalline substance.
Salicyl	The hypothetical radical of salicylic acid and of certain related compounds.
Salicylal	A thin, fragrant, colorless oil, HO.C6H4.CHO, found in the flowers of meadow sweet (Spiraea), and also obtained by oxidation of salicin, saligenin, etc. It reddens on exposure. Called also salicylol, salicylic aldehyde, and formerly salicylous, / spiroylous, acid.
Salicylate	A salt of salicylic acid.
Salicylic	Pertaining to, derived from, or designating, an acid formerly obtained by fusing salicin with potassium hydroxide, and now made in large quantities from phenol (carbolic acid) by the action of carbon dioxide on heated sodium phenolate. It is a white crystalline substance. It is used as an antiseptic, and in its salts in the treatment of rheumatism. Called also hydroxybenzoic acid.
Salicylide	A white crystalline substance obtained by dehydration of salicylic acid.
Salicylite	A compound of salicylal; -- named after the analogy of a salt.
Salicylol	Same as Salicylal.
Salicylous	Pertaining to, or designating, a substance formerly called salicylous acid, and now salicylal.
Salience	The quality or condition of being salient; a leaping; a springing forward; an assaulting.
Salience	The quality or state of projecting, or being projected; projection; protrusion.
Saliency	Quality of being salient; hence, vigor.
Salient	Moving by leaps or springs; leaping; bounding; jumping.
Salient	Shooting out or up; springing; projecting.
Salient	Hence, figuratively, forcing itself on the attention; prominent; conspicuous; noticeable.
Salient	Projecting outwardly; as, a salient angle; -- opposed to reentering. See Illust. of Bastion.
Salient	Represented in a leaping position; as, a lion salient.
Salient	A salient angle or part; a projection.
Saliently	In a salient manner.
Saliferous	Producing, or impregnated with, salt.
Salifiable	Capable of neutralizing an acid to form a salt; -- said of bases; thus, ammonia is salifiable.
Salification	The act, process, or result of salifying; the state of being salified.
Salified	of Salify
Salifying	of Salify
Salify	To combine or impregnate with a salt.
Salify	To form a salt with; to convert into a salt; as, to salify a base or an acid.
Saligenin	A phenol alcohol obtained, by the decomposition of salicin, as a white crystalline substance; -- called also hydroxy-benzyl alcohol.
Saligot	The water chestnut (Trapa natans).
Salimeter	An instrument for measuring the amount of salt present in any given solution.
Salimetry	The art or process of measuring the amount of salt in a substance.
Salina	A salt marsh, or salt pond, inclosed from the sea.
Salina	Salt works.
Salina period	The period in which the American Upper Silurian system, containing the brine-producing rocks of central New York, was formed. See the Chart of Geology.
Salination	The act of washing with salt water.
Saline	Consisting of salt, or containing salt; as, saline particles; saline substances; a saline cathartic.
Saline	Of the quality of salt; salty; as, a saline taste.
Saline	A salt spring; a place where salt water is collected in the earth.
Saline	A crude potash obtained from beet-root residues and other similar sources.
Saline	A metallic salt; esp., a salt of potassium, sodium, lithium, or magnesium, used in medicine.
Salineness	The quality or state of being salt; saltness.
Saliniferous	Same as Saliferous.
Saliniform	Having the form or the qualities of a salt, especially of common salt.
Salinity	Salineness.
Salinometer	A salimeter.
Salinous	Saline.
Salique	Salic.
Saliretin	A yellow amorphous resinoid substance obtained by the action of dilute acids on saligenin.
Salisburia	The ginkgo tree (Ginkgo biloba, or Salisburia adiantifolia).
Salite	To season with salt; to salt.
Salite	A massive lamellar variety of pyroxene, of a dingy green color.
Saliva	The secretion from the salivary glands.
Salival	Salivary.
Salivant	Producing salivation.
Salivant	That which produces salivation.
Salivary	Of or pertaining to saliva; producing or carrying saliva; as, the salivary ferment; the salivary glands; the salivary ducts, etc.
Salivated	of Salivate
Salivating	of Salivate
Salivate	To produce an abnormal flow of saliva in; to produce salivation or ptyalism in, as by the use of mercury.
Salivate	To produce saliva, esp. in excess.
Salivation	The act or process of salivating; an excessive secretion of saliva, often accompanied with soreness of the mouth and gums; ptyalism.
Salivous	Pertaining to saliva; of the nature of saliva.
Salices	of Salix
Salix	A genus of trees or shrubs including the willow, osier, and the like, growing usually in wet grounds.
Salix	A tree or shrub of any kind of willow.
Sallenders	An eruption on the hind leg of a horse.
Sallet	A light kind of helmet, with or without a visor, introduced during the 15th century.
Sallet	Alt. of Salleting
Salleting	Salad.
Salliance	Salience.
Sallow	The willow; willow twigs.
Sallow	A name given to certain species of willow, especially those which do not have flexible shoots, as Salix caprea, S. cinerea, etc.
Sallow	Having a yellowish color; of a pale, sickly color, tinged with yellow; as, a sallow skin.
Sallow	To tinge with sallowness.
Sallowish	Somewhat sallow.
Sallowness	The quality or condition of being sallow.
Sallied	of Sally
Sallying	of Sally
Sally	To leap or rush out; to burst forth; to issue suddenly; as a body of troops from a fortified place to attack besiegers; to make a sally.
Sallies	of Sally
Sally	A leaping forth; a darting; a spring.
Sally	A rushing or bursting forth; a quick issue; a sudden eruption; specifically, an issuing of troops from a place besieged to attack the besiegers; a sortie.
Sally	An excursion from the usual track; range; digression; deviation.
Sally	A flight of fancy, liveliness, wit, or the like; a flashing forth of a quick and active mind.
Sally	Transgression of the limits of soberness or steadiness; act of levity; wild gayety; frolic; escapade.
Sally Lunn	A tea cake slighty sweetened, and raised with yeast, baked in the form of biscuits or in a thin loaf, and eaten hot with butter.
Sallyman	The velella; -- called also saleeman.
Salm	Psalm.
Salmagundi	A mixture of chopped meat and pickled herring, with oil, vinegar, pepper, and onions.
Salmagundi	Hence, a mixture of various ingredients; an olio or medley; a potpourri; a miscellany.
Salmi	Same as Salmis.
Salmiac	Sal ammoniac. See under Sal.
Salmis	A ragout of partly roasted game stewed with sauce, wine, bread, and condiments suited to provoke appetite.
Salmons	of Salmon
Salmon	of Salmon
Salmon	Any one of several species of fishes of the genus Salmo and allied genera. The common salmon (Salmo salar) of Northern Europe and Eastern North America, and the California salmon, or quinnat, are the most important species. They are extensively preserved for food. See Quinnat.
Salmon	A reddish yellow or orange color, like the flesh of the salmon.
Salmon	Of a reddish yellow or orange color, like that of the flesh of the salmon.
Salmonet	A salmon of small size; a samlet.
Salmonoid	Like, or pertaining to, the Salmonidae, a family of fishes including the trout and salmon.
Salmonoid	Any fish of the family Salmonidae.
Salogen	A halogen.
Salol	A white crystalline substance consisting of phenol salicylate.
salometer	See Salimeter.
Salomtry	Salimetry.
Salon	An apartment for the reception of company; hence, in the plural, fashionable parties; circles of fashionable society.
Saloon	A spacious and elegant apartment for the reception of company or for works of art; a hall of reception, esp. a hall for public entertainments or amusements; a large room or parlor; as, the saloon of a steamboat.
Saloon	Popularly, a public room for specific uses; esp., a barroom or grogshop; as, a drinking saloon; an eating saloon; a dancing saloon.
Saloop	An aromatic drink prepared from sassafras bark and other ingredients, at one time much used in London.
Salp	Any species of Salpa, or of the family Salpidae.
Salpae	of Salpa
Salpas	of Salpa
Salpa	A genus of transparent, tubular, free-swimming oceanic tunicates found abundantly in all the warmer latitudes. See Illustration in Appendix.
Salpian	Alt. of Salpid
Salpid	A salpa.
Salpicon	Chopped meat, bread, etc., used to stuff legs of veal or other joints; stuffing; farce.
Salpingitis	Inflammation of the salpinx.
Salpinx	The Eustachian tube, or the Fallopian tube.
Salsafy	See Salsify.
Salsamentarious	Salt; salted; saline.
Salse	A mud volcano, the water of which is often impregnated with salts, whence the name.
Salsify	See Oyster plant (a), under Oyster.
Salso-acid	Having a taste compounded of saltness and acidity; both salt and acid.
Salsoda	See Sal soda, under Sal.
Salsola	A genus of plants including the glasswort. See Glasswort.
salsuginous	Growing in brackish places or in salt marshes.
Salt	The chloride of sodium, a substance used for seasoning food, for the preservation of meat, etc. It is found native in the earth, and is also produced, by evaporation and crystallization, from sea water and other water impregnated with saline particles.
Salt	Hence, flavor; taste; savor; smack; seasoning.
Salt	Hence, also, piquancy; wit; sense; as, Attic salt.
Salt	A dish for salt at table; a saltcellar.
Salt	A sailor; -- usually qualified by old.
Salt	The neutral compound formed by the union of an acid and a base; thus, sulphuric acid and iron form the salt sulphate of iron or green vitriol.
Salt	Fig.: That which preserves from corruption or error; that which purifies; a corrective; an antiseptic; also, an allowance or deduction; as, his statements must be taken with a grain of salt.
Salt	Any mineral salt used as an aperient or cathartic, especially Epsom salts, Rochelle salt, or Glauber's salt.
Salt	Marshes flooded by the tide.
Salt	Of or relating to salt; abounding in, or containing, salt; prepared or preserved with, or tasting of, salt; salted; as, salt beef; salt water.
Salt	Overflowed with, or growing in, salt water; as, a salt marsh; salt grass.
Salt	Fig.: Bitter; sharp; pungent.
Salt	Fig.: Salacious; lecherous; lustful.
Salted	of Salt
Salting	of Salt
Salt	To sprinkle, impregnate, or season with salt; to preserve with salt or in brine; to supply with salt; as, to salt fish, beef, or pork; to salt cattle.
Salt	To fill with salt between the timbers and planks, as a ship, for the preservation of the timber.
Salt	To deposit salt as a saline solution; as, the brine begins to salt.
Salt	The act of leaping or jumping; a leap.
Saltant	Leaping; jumping; dancing.
Saltant	In a leaping position; springing forward; -- applied especially to the squirrel, weasel, and rat, also to the cat, greyhound, monkey, etc.
Saltarella	See Saltarello.
Saltarello	A popular Italian dance in quick 3-4 or 6-8 time, running mostly in triplets, but with a hop step at the beginning of each measure. See Tarantella.
Saltate	To leap or dance.
Saltation	A leaping or jumping.
Saltation	Beating or palpitation; as, the saltation of the great artery.
Saltation	An abrupt and marked variation in the condition or appearance of a species; a sudden modification which may give rise to new races.
Saltatoria	A division of Orthoptera including grasshoppers, locusts, and crickets.
Saltatorial	Relating to leaping; saltatory; as, saltatorial exercises.
Saltatorial	Same as Saltatorious.
Saltatorial	Of or pertaining to the Saltatoria.
Saltatorious	Capable of leaping; formed for leaping; saltatory; as, a saltatorious insect or leg.
Saltatory	Leaping or dancing; having the power of, or used in, leaping or dancing.
Saltbush	An Australian plant (Atriplex nummularia) of the Goosefoot family.
Saltcat	A mixture of salt, coarse meal, lime, etc., attractive to pigeons.
Saltcellar	Formerly a large vessel, now a small vessel of glass or other material, used for holding salt on the table.
Salter	One who makes, sells, or applies salt; one who salts meat or fish.
Saltern	A building or place where salt is made by boiling or by evaporation; salt works.
Saltfoot	A large saltcellar formerly placed near the center of the table. The superior guests were seated above the saltfoot.
Salt-green	Sea-green in color.
Saltle	The European dab.
Saltier	See Saltire.
Saltigradae	A tribe of spiders including those which lie in wait and leap upon their prey; the leaping spiders.
Saltigrade	Having feet or legs formed for leaping.
Saltigrade	One of the Saltigradae, a tribe of spiders which leap to seize their prey.
Saltimbanco	A mountebank; a quack.
Salting	The act of sprinkling, impregnating, or furnishing, with salt.
Salting	A salt marsh.
Saltire	A St. Andrew's cross, or cross in the form of an X, -- one of the honorable ordinaries.
Saltirewise	In the manner of a saltire; -- said especially of the blazoning of a shield divided by two lines drawn in the direction of a bend and a bend sinister, and crossing at the center.
Saltish	Somewhat salt.
Saltless	Destitute of salt; insipid.
Saltly	With taste of salt; in a salt manner.
Saltmouth	A wide-mouthed bottle with glass stopper for holding chemicals, especially crystallized salts.
Saltness	The quality or state of being salt, or state of being salt, or impregnated with salt; salt taste; as, the saltness of sea water.
Saltpeter	Alt. of Saltpetre
Saltpetre	Potassium nitrate; niter; a white crystalline substance, KNO3, having a cooling saline taste, obtained by leaching from certain soils in which it is produced by the process of nitrification (see Nitrification, 2). It is a strong oxidizer, is the chief constituent of gunpowder, and is also used as an antiseptic in curing meat, and in medicine as a diuretic, diaphoretic, and refrigerant.
Saltpetrous	Pertaining to saltpeter, or partaking of its qualities; impregnated with saltpeter.
Salt rheum	A popular name, esp. in the United States, for various cutaneous eruptions, particularly for those of eczema. See Eczema.
Saltwort	A name given to several plants which grow on the seashore, as the Batis maritima, and the glasswort. See Glasswort.
Salty	Somewhat salt; saltish.
Salubrious	Favorable to health; healthful; promoting health; as, salubrious air, water, or climate.
Salubrity	The quality of being salubrious; favorableness to the preservation of health; salubriousness; wholesomeness; healthfulness; as, the salubrity of the air, of a country, or a climate.
Salue	To salute.
Salutary	Wholesome; healthful; promoting health; as, salutary exercise.
Salutary	Promotive of, or contributing to, some beneficial purpose; beneficial; advantageous; as, a salutary design.
Salutation	The act of saluting, or paying respect or reverence, by the customary words or actions; the act of greeting, or expressing good will or courtesy; also, that which is uttered or done in saluting or greeting.
Salutatorian	The student who pronounces the salutatory oration at the annual Commencement or like exercises of a college, -- an honor commonly assigned to that member of the graduating class who ranks second in scholarship.
Salutatorily	By way of salutation.
Salutatory	Containing or expressing salutations; speaking a welcome; greeting; -- applied especially to the oration which introduces the exercises of the Commencements, or similar public exhibitions, in American colleges.
Salutatory	A place for saluting or greeting; a vestibule; a porch.
Salutatory	The salutatory oration.
Saluted	of Salute
Saluting	of Salute
Salute	To address, as with expressions of kind wishes and courtesy; to greet; to hail.
Salute	Hence, to give a sign of good will; to compliment by an act or ceremony, as a kiss, a bow, etc.
Salute	To honor, as some day, person, or nation, by a discharge of cannon or small arms, by dipping colors, by cheers, etc.
Salute	To promote the welfare and safety of; to benefit; to gratify.
Salute	The act of saluting, or expressing kind wishes or respect; salutation; greeting.
Salute	A sign, token, or ceremony, expressing good will, compliment, or respect, as a kiss, a bow, etc.
Salute	A token of respect or honor for some distinguished or official personage, for a foreign vessel or flag, or for some festival or event, as by presenting arms, by a discharge of cannon, volleys of small arms, dipping the colors or the topsails, etc.
Saluter	One who salutes.
Salutiferous	Bringing health; healthy; salutary; beneficial; as, salutiferous air.
Salutiferously	Salutarily.
Salvability	The quality or condition of being salvable; salvableness.
Salvable	Capable of being saved; admitting of salvation.
Salvage	The act of saving a vessel, goods, or life, from perils of the sea.
Salvage	The compensation allowed to persons who voluntarily assist in saving a ship or her cargo from peril.
Salvage	That part of the property that survives the peril and is saved.
Salvage	Savage.
Salvation	The act of saving; preservation or deliverance from destruction, danger, or great calamity.
Salvation	The redemption of man from the bondage of sin and liability to eternal death, and the conferring on him of everlasting happiness.
Salvation	Saving power; that which saves.
Salvationist	An evangelist, a member, or a recruit, of the Salvation Army.
Salvatory	A place where things are preserved; a repository.
Salve	Hail!
Salve	To say "Salve" to; to greet; to salute.
Salve	An adhesive composition or substance to be applied to wounds or sores; a healing ointment.
Salve	A soothing remedy or antidote.
Salved	of Salve
Salving	of Salve
Salve	To heal by applications or medicaments; to cure by remedial treatment; to apply salve to; as, to salve a wound.
Salve	To heal; to remedy; to cure; to make good; to soothe, as with an ointment, especially by some device, trick, or quibble; to gloss over.
Salve	To save, as a ship or goods, from the perils of the sea.
Salver	One who salves, or uses salve as a remedy; hence, a quacksalver, or quack.
Salver	A salvor.
Salver	A tray or waiter on which anything is presented.
Salver-shaped	Tubular, with a spreading border. See Hypocraterimorphous.
Salvia	A genus of plants including the sage. See Sage.
Salvific	Tending to save or secure safety.
Salvos	of Salvo
Salvo	An exception; a reservation; an excuse.
Salvo	A concentrated fire from pieces of artillery, as in endeavoring to make a break in a fortification; a volley.
Salvo	A salute paid by a simultaneous, or nearly simultaneous, firing of a number of cannon.
Salvor	One who assists in saving a ship or goods at sea, without being under special obligation to do so.
Sam	Together.
Samara	A dry, indehiscent, usually one-seeded, winged fruit, as that of the ash, maple, and elm; a key or key fruit.
Samare	See Simar.
Samaritan	Of or pertaining to Samaria, in Palestine.
Samaritan	A native or inhabitant of Samaria; also, the language of Samaria.
Samarium	A rare metallic element of doubtful identity.
Samaroid	Resembling a samara, or winged seed vessel.
Samarra	See Simar.
Samarskite	A rare mineral having a velvet-black color and submetallic luster. It is a niobate of uranium, iron, and the yttrium and cerium metals.
Sambo	A colloquial or humorous appellation for a negro; sometimes, the offspring of a black person and a mulatto; a zambo.
Samboo	Same as Sambur.
Sambucus	A genus of shrubs and trees; the elder.
Sambuke	An ancient stringed instrument used by the Greeks, the particular construction of which is unknown.
Sambur	An East Indian deer (Rusa Aristotelis) having a mane on its neck. Its antlers have but three prongs. Called also gerow. The name is applied to other species of the genus Rusa, as the Bornean sambur (R. equina).
Same	Not different or other; not another or others; identical; unchanged.
Same	Of like kind, species, sort, dimensions, or the like; not differing in character or in the quality or qualities compared; corresponding; not discordant; similar; like.
Same	Just mentioned, or just about to be mentioned.
Sameliness	Sameness, 2.
Sameness	The state of being the same; identity; absence of difference; near resemblance; correspondence; similarity; as, a sameness of person, of manner, of sound, of appearance, and the like.
Sameness	Hence, want of variety; tedious monotony.
Samette	See Samite.
Samian	Of or pertaining to the island of Samos.
Samian	A native or inhabitant of Samos.
Samiel	A hot and destructive wind that sometimes blows, in Turkey, from the desert. It is identical with the simoom of Arabia and the kamsin of Syria.
Samiot	Samian.
Samite	A species of silk stuff, or taffeta, generally interwoven with gold.
Samlet	The parr.
Sammier	A machine for pressing the water from skins in tanning.
Samoan	Of or pertaining to the Samoan Islands (formerly called Navigators' Islands) in the South Pacific Ocean, or their inhabitants.
Samoan	An inhabitant of the Samoan Islands.
Samovar	A metal urn used in Russia for making tea. It is filled with water, which is heated by charcoal placed in a pipe, with chimney attached, which passes through the urn.
Samoyedes	An ignorant and degraded Turanian tribe which occupies a portion of Northern Russia and a part of Siberia.
Samp	An article of food consisting of maize broken or bruised, which is cooked by boiling, and usually eaten with milk; coarse hominy.
Sampan	A Chinese boat from twelve to fifteen feet long, covered with a house, and sometimes used as a permanent habitation on the inland waters.
Samphire	A fleshy, suffrutescent, umbelliferous European plant (Crithmum maritimum). It grows among rocks and on cliffs along the seacoast, and is used for pickles.
Samphire	The species of glasswort (Salicornia herbacea); -- called in England marsh samphire.
Samphire	A seashore shrub (Borrichia arborescens) of the West Indies.
Sample	Example; pattern.
Sample	A part of anything presented for inspection, or shown as evidence of the quality of the whole; a specimen; as, goods are often purchased by samples.
Sample	To make or show something similar to; to match.
Sample	To take or to test a sample or samples of; as, to sample sugar, teas, wools, cloths.
Sampler	One who makes up samples for inspection; one who examines samples, or by samples; as, a wool sampler.
Sampler	A pattern; a specimen; especially, a collection of needlework patterns, as letters, borders, etc., to be used as samples, or to display the skill of the worker.
Samshoo	Alt. of Samshu
Samshu	A spirituous liquor distilled by the Chinese from the yeasty liquor in which boiled rice has fermented under pressure.
Samson	An Israelite of Bible record (see Judges xiii.), distinguished for his great strength; hence, a man of extraordinary physical strength.
Sanability	The quality or state of being sanable; sanableness; curableness.
Sanable	Capable of being healed or cured; susceptible of remedy.
Sanableness	The quality of being sanable.
Sanation	The act of healing or curing.
Sanative	Having the power to cure or heal; healing; tending to heal; sanatory.
Sanatorium	An establishment for the treatment of the sick; a resort for invalids. See Sanitarium.
Sanatory	Conducive to health; tending to cure; healing; curative; sanative.
Sanbenito	Anciently, a sackcloth coat worn by penitents on being reconciled to the church.
Sanbenito	A garnment or cap, or sometimes both, painted with flames, figures, etc., and worn by persons who had been examined by the Inquisition and were brought forth for punishment at the auto-da-fe.
Sance-bell	Alt. of Sancte bell
Sancte bell	See Sanctus bell, under Sanctus.
Sanctificate	To sanctify.
Sanctification	The act of sanctifying or making holy; the state of being sanctified or made holy;
Sanctification	the act of God's grace by which the affections of men are purified, or alienated from sin and the world, and exalted to a supreme love to God; also, the state of being thus purified or sanctified.
Sanctification	The act of consecrating, or of setting apart for a sacred purpose; consecration.
Sanctified	Made holy; also, made to have the air of sanctity; sanctimonious.
Sanctifier	One who sanctifies, or makes holy; specifically, the Holy Spirit.
Sanctified	of Sanctify
Sanctifying	of Sanctify
Sanctify	To make sacred or holy; to set apart to a holy or religious use; to consecrate by appropriate rites; to hallow.
Sanctify	To make free from sin; to cleanse from moral corruption and pollution; to purify.
Sanctify	To make efficient as the means of holiness; to render productive of holiness or piety.
Sanctify	To impart or impute sacredness, venerableness, inviolability, title to reverence and respect, or the like, to; to secure from violation; to give sanction to.
Sanctifyingly	In a manner or degree tending to sanctify or make holy.
Sanctiloquent	Discoursing on heavenly or holy things, or in a holy manner.
Sanctimonial	Sanctimonious.
Sanctimonious	Possessing sanctimony; holy; sacred; saintly.
Sanctimonious	Making a show of sanctity; affecting saintliness; hypocritically devout or pious.
Sanctimony	Holiness; devoutness; scrupulous austerity; sanctity; especially, outward or artificial saintliness; assumed or pretended holiness; hypocritical devoutness.
Sanction	Solemn or ceremonious ratification; an official act of a superior by which he ratifies and gives validity to the act of some other person or body; establishment or furtherance of anything by giving authority to it; confirmation; approbation.
Sanction	Anything done or said to enforce the will, law, or authority of another; as, legal sanctions.
Sanctioned	of Sanction
Sanctioning	of Sanction
Sanction	To give sanction to; to ratify; to confirm; to approve.
Sanctionary	Of, pertaining to, or giving, sanction.
Sanctitude	Holiness; sacredness; sanctity.
Sanctities	of Sanctity
Sanctity	The state or quality of being sacred or holy; holiness; saintliness; moral purity; godliness.
Sanctity	Sacredness; solemnity; inviolability; religious binding force; as, the sanctity of an oath.
Sanctity	A saint or holy being.
Sanctuarize	To shelter by means of a sanctuary or sacred privileges.
Sanctuaries	of Sanctuary
Sanctuary	A sacred place; a consecrated spot; a holy and inviolable site.
Sanctuary	The most retired part of the temple at Jerusalem, called the Holy of Holies, in which was kept the ark of the covenant, and into which no person was permitted to enter except the high priest, and he only once a year, to intercede for the people; also, the most sacred part of the tabernacle; also, the temple at Jerusalem.
Sanctuary	The most sacred part of any religious building, esp. that part of a Christian church in which the altar is placed.
Sanctuary	A house consecrated to the worship of God; a place where divine service is performed; a church, temple, or other place of worship.
Sanctuary	A sacred and inviolable asylum; a place of refuge and protection; shelter; refuge; protection.
Sanctum	A sacred place; hence, a place of retreat; a room reserved for personal use; as, an editor's sanctum.
Sanctus	A part of the Mass, or, in Protestant churches, a part of the communion service, of which the first words in Latin are Sanctus, sanctus, sanctus [Holy, holy, holy]; -- called also Tersanctus.
Sanctus	An anthem composed for these words.
Sand	Fine particles of stone, esp. of siliceous stone, but not reduced to dust; comminuted stone in the form of loose grains, which are not coherent when wet.
Sand	A single particle of such stone.
Sand	The sand in the hourglass; hence, a moment or interval of time; the term or extent of one's life.
Sand	Tracts of land consisting of sand, like the deserts of Arabia and Africa; also, extensive tracts of sand exposed by the ebb of the tide.
Sand	Courage; pluck; grit.
Sanded	of Sand
Sanding	of Sand
Sand	To sprinkle or cover with sand.
Sand	To drive upon the sand.
Sand	To bury (oysters) beneath drifting sand or mud.
Sand	To mix with sand for purposes of fraud; as, to sand sugar.
Sandal	Same as Sendal.
Sandal	Sandalwood.
Sandal	A kind of shoe consisting of a sole strapped to the foot; a protection for the foot, covering its lower surface, but not its upper.
Sandal	A kind of slipper.
Sandal	An overshoe with parallel openings across the instep.
Sandaled	Wearing sandals.
Sandaled	Made like a sandal.
Sandaliform	Shaped like a sandal or slipper.
Sandalwood	The highly perfumed yellowish heartwood of an East Indian and Polynesian tree (Santalum album), and of several other trees of the same genus, as the Hawaiian Santalum Freycinetianum and S. pyrularium, the Australian S. latifolium, etc. The name is extended to several other kinds of fragrant wood.
Sandalwood	Any tree of the genus Santalum, or a tree which yields sandalwood.
Sandalwood	The red wood of a kind of buckthorn, used in Russia for dyeing leather (Rhamnus Dahuricus).
Sandarach	Alt. of Sandarac
Sandarac	Realgar; red sulphide of arsenic.
Sandarac	A white or yellow resin obtained from a Barbary tree (Callitris quadrivalvis or Thuya articulata), and pulverized for pounce; -- probably so called from a resemblance to the mineral.
Sandbagger	An assaulter whose weapon is a sand bag. See Sand bag, under Sand.
Sand-blind	Having defective sight; dim-sighted; purblind.
Sanded	Covered or sprinkled with sand; sandy; barren.
Sanded	Marked with small spots; variegated with spots; speckled; of a sandy color, as a hound.
Sanded	Short-sighted.
Sandemanian	A follower of Robert Sandeman, a Scotch sectary of the eighteenth century. See Glassite.
Sandemanianism	The faith or system of the Sandemanians.
Sanderling	A small gray and brown sandpiper (Calidris arenaria) very common on sandy beaches in America, Europe, and Asia. Called also curwillet, sand lark, stint, and ruddy plover.
Sanders	An old name of sandalwood, now applied only to the red sandalwood. See under Sandalwood.
Sanders-blue	See Saunders-blue.
Sandever	See Sandiver.
Sandfish	A small marine fish of the Pacific coast of North America (Trichodon trichodon) which buries itself in the sand.
Sandglass	An instrument for measuring time by the running of sand. See Hourglass.
Sandhiller	A nickname given to any "poor white" living in the pine woods which cover the sandy hills in Georgia and South Carolina.
Sandiness	The quality or state of being sandy, or of being of a sandy color.
Sandish	Approaching the nature of sand; loose; not compact.
Sandiver	A whitish substance which is cast up, as a scum, from the materials of glass in fusion, and, floating on the top, is skimmed off; -- called also glass gall.
Sandix	A kind of minium, or red lead, made by calcining carbonate of lead, but inferior to true minium.
Sandman	A mythical person who makes children sleepy, so that they rub their eyes as if there were sand in them.
Sandnecker	A European flounder (Hippoglossoides limandoides); -- called also rough dab, long fluke, sand fluke, and sand sucker.
Sandpaper	Paper covered on one side with sand glued fast, -- used for smoothing and polishing.
Sandpaper	To smooth or polish with sandpaper; as, to sandpaper a door.
Sandpiper	Any one of numerous species of small limicoline game birds belonging to Tringa, Actodromas, Ereunetes, and various allied genera of the family Tringidae.
Sandpiper	A small lamprey eel; the pride.
Sandpit	A pit or excavation from which sand is or has been taken.
Sandre	A Russian fish (Lucioperca sandre) which yields a valuable oil, called sandre oil, used in the preparation of caviare.
Sandstone	A rock made of sand more or less firmly united. Common or siliceous sandstone consists mainly of quartz sand.
Sandwich	Two pieces of bread and butter with a thin slice of meat, cheese, or the like, between them.
Sandwiched	of Sandwich
Sandwiching	of Sandwich
Sandwich	To make into a sandwich; also, figuratively, to insert between portions of something dissimilar; to form of alternate parts or things, or alternating layers of a different nature; to interlard.
Sandworm	Any one of numerous species of annelids which burrow in the sand of the seashore.
Sandworm	Any species of annelids of the genus Sabellaria. They construct firm tubes of agglutinated sand on rocks and shells, and are sometimes destructive to oysters.
Sandworm	The chigoe, a species of flea.
Sandwort	Any plant of the genus Arenaria, low, tufted herbs (order Caryophyllaceae.)
Sandy	Consisting of, abounding with, or resembling, sand; full of sand; covered or sprinkled with sand; as, a sandy desert, road, or soil.
Sandy	Of the color of sand; of a light yellowish red color; as, sandy hair.
Sandyx	See Sandix.
Sane	Being in a healthy condition; not deranged; acting rationally; -- said of the mind.
Sane	Mentally sound; possessing a rational mind; having the mental faculties in such condition as to be able to anticipate and judge of the effect of one's actions in an ordinary maner; -- said of persons.
Saneness	The state of being sane; sanity.
Sang	imp. of Sing.
Sanga	Alt. of Sangu
Sangu	The Abyssinian ox (Bos / Bibos, Africanus), noted for the great length of its horns. It has a hump on its back.
Sangaree	Wine and water sweetened and spiced, -- a favorite West Indian drink.
Sang-froid	Freedom from agitation or excitement of mind; coolness in trying circumstances; indifference; calmness.
Sangiac	See Sanjak.
Sangraal	Alt. of Sangreal
Sangreal	See Holy Grail, under Grail.
Sanguiferous	Conveying blood; as, sanguiferous vessels, i. e., the arteries, veins, capillaries.
Sanguification	The production of blood; the conversion of the products of digestion into blood; hematosis.
Sanguifier	A producer of blood.
Sanguifluous	Flowing or running with blood.
Sanguify	To produce blood from.
Sanguigenous	Producing blood; as, sanguigenous food.
Sanguinaceous	Of a blood-red color; sanguine.
Sanguinaria	A genus of plants of the Poppy family.
Sanguinaria	The rootstock of the bloodroot, used in medicine as an emetic, etc.
Sanguinarily	In a sanguinary manner.
Sanguinariness	The quality or state of being sanguinary.
Sanguinary	Attended with much bloodshed; bloody; murderous; as, a sanguinary war, contest, or battle.
Sanguinary	Bloodthirsty; cruel; eager to shed blood.
Sanguinary	The yarrow.
Sanguinary	The Sanguinaria.
Sanguine	Having the color of blood; red.
Sanguine	Characterized by abundance and active circulation of blood; as, a sanguine bodily temperament.
Sanguine	Warm; ardent; as, a sanguine temper.
Sanguine	Anticipating the best; not desponding; confident; full of hope; as, sanguine of success.
Sanguine	Blood color; red.
Sanguine	Anything of a blood-red color, as cloth.
Sanguine	Bloodstone.
Sanguine	Red crayon. See the Note under Crayon, 1.
Sanguine	To stain with blood; to impart the color of blood to; to ensanguine.
Sanguineless	Destitute of blood; pale.
Sanguinely	In a sanguine manner.
Sanguineness	The quality of being sanguine.
Sanguineous	Abounding with blood; sanguine.
Sanguineous	Of or pertaining to blood; bloody; constituting blood.
Sanguineous	Blood-red; crimson.
sanguinity	The quality of being sanguine; sanguineness.
Sanguinivorous	Subsisting on blood.
Sanguinolency	The state of being sanguinolent, or bloody.
Sanguinolent	Tinged or mingled with blood; bloody; as, sanguinolent sputa.
Sanguisuge	A bloodsucker, or leech.
Sanguivorous	Subsisting upon blood; -- said of certain blood-sucking bats and other animals. See Vampire.
Sanhedrin	Alt. of Sanhedrim
Sanhedrim	the great council of the Jews, which consisted of seventy members, to whom the high priest was added. It had jurisdiction of religious matters.
Sanhedrist	A member of the sanhedrin.
Sanhita	A collection of vedic hymns, songs, or verses, forming the first part of each Veda.
Sanicle	Any plant of the umbelliferous genus Sanicula, reputed to have healing powers.
Sanidine	A variety of orthoclase feldspar common in certain eruptive rocks, as trachyte; -- called also glassy feldspar.
Sanies	A thin, serous fluid commonly discharged from ulcers or foul wounds.
Sanious	Pertaining to sanies, or partaking of its nature and appearance; thin and serous, with a slight bloody tinge; as, the sanious matter of an ulcer.
Sanious	Discharging sanies; as, a sanious ulcer.
Sanitarian	Of or pertaining to health, or the laws of health; sanitary.
Sanitarian	An advocate of sanitary measures; one especially interested or versed in sanitary measures.
Sanitarist	A sanitarian.
Sanitarium	A health station or retreat; a sanatorium.
Sanitary	Of or pertaining to health; designed to secure or preserve health; relating to the preservation or restoration of health; hygienic; as, sanitary regulations. See the Note under Sanatory.
Sanitation	The act of rendering sanitary; the science of sanitary conditions; the preservation of health; the use of sanitary measures; hygiene.
Sanity	The condition or quality of being sane; soundness of health of body or mind, especially of the mind; saneness.
Sanjak	A district or a subvision of a vilayet.
Sank	imp. of Sink.
Sankha	A chank shell (Turbinella pyrum); also, a shell bracelet or necklace made in India from the chank shell.
Sankhya	A Hindoo system of philosophy which refers all things to soul and a rootless germ called prakriti, consisting of three elements, goodness, passion, and darkness.
Sannop	Same as Sannup.
Sannup	A male Indian; a brave; -- correlative of squaw.
Sanny	The sandpiper.
Sans	Without; deprived or destitute of. Rarely used as an English word.
Sanscrit	See Sanskrit.
Sans-culotte	A fellow without breeches; a ragged fellow; -- a name of reproach given in the first French revolution to the extreme republican party, who rejected breeches as an emblem peculiar to the upper classes or aristocracy, and adopted pantaloons.
Sans-culotte	Hence, an extreme or radical republican; a violent revolutionist; a Jacobin.
Sans-culottic	Pertaining to, or involving, sans-culottism; radical; revolutionary; Jacobinical.
Sans-culottism	Extreme republican principles; the principles or practice of the sans-culottes.
Sanskrit	The ancient language of the Hindoos, long since obsolete in vernacular use, but preserved to the present day as the literary and sacred dialect of India. It is nearly allied to the Persian, and to the principal languages of Europe, classical and modern, and by its more perfect preservation of the roots and forms of the primitive language from which they are all descended, is a most important assistance in determining their history and relations. Cf. Prakrit, and Veda.
Sanskrit	Of or pertaining to Sanskrit; written in Sanskrit; as, a Sanskrit dictionary or inscription.
Sanskritic	Sanskrit.
Sanskritist	One versed in Sanskrit.
Sans-souci	Without care; free and easy.
Santal	A colorless crystalline substance, isomeric with piperonal, but having weak acid properties. It is extracted from sandalwood.
Santalaceous	Of or pertaining to a natural order of plants (Santalaceae), of which the genus Santalum is the type, and which includes the buffalo nut and a few other North American plants, and many peculiar plants of the southern hemisphere.
Santalic	Of, pertaining to, or obtained from, sandalwood (Santalum); -- used specifically to designate an acid obtained as a resinous or red crystalline dyestuff, which is called also santalin.
Santalin	Santalic acid. See Santalic.
Santalum	A genus of trees with entire opposite leaves and small apetalous flowers. There are less than a dozen species, occurring from India to Australia and the Pacific Islands. See Sandalwood.
Santees	One of the seven confederated tribes of Indians belonging to the Sioux, or Dakotas.
Santer	See Saunter.
Santon	A Turkish saint; a kind of dervish, regarded by the people as a saint: also, a hermit.
Santonate	A salt of santonic acid.
Santonic	Of, pertaining to, or designating, an acid (distinct from santoninic acid) obtained from santonin as a white crystalline substance.
Santonin	A white crystalline substance having a bitter taste, extracted from the buds of levant wormseed and used as an anthelmintic. It occassions a peculiar temporary color blindness, causing objects to appear as if seen through a yellow glass.
Santoninate	A salt of santoninic acid.
Santoninic	Of or pertaining to santonin; -- used specifically to designate an acid not known in the free state, but obtained in its salts.
Sao	Any marine annelid of the genus Hyalinaecia, especially H. tubicola of Europe, which inhabits a transparent movable tube resembling a quill in color and texture.
Sap	The juice of plants of any kind, especially the ascending and descending juices or circulating fluid essential to nutrition.
Sap	The sapwood, or alburnum, of a tree.
Sap	A simpleton; a saphead; a milksop.
Sapped	of Sap
Sapping	of Sap
Sap	To subvert by digging or wearing away; to mine; to undermine; to destroy the foundation of.
Sap	To pierce with saps.
Sap	To make unstable or infirm; to unsettle; to weaken.
Sap	To proceed by mining, or by secretly undermining; to execute saps.
Sap	A narrow ditch or trench made from the foremost parallel toward the glacis or covert way of a besieged place by digging under cover of gabions, etc.
Sapadillo	See Sapodila.
Sapajo	The sapajou.
Sapajou	Any one of several species of South American monkeys of the genus Cebus, having long and prehensile tails. Some of the species are called also capuchins. The bonnet sapajou (C. subcristatus), the golden-handed sapajou (C. chrysopus), and the white-throated sapajou (C. hypoleucus) are well known species. See Capuchin.
Sapan wood	A dyewood yielded by Caesalpinia Sappan, a thorny leguminous tree of Southern Asia and the neighboring islands. It is the original Brazil wood.
Sapful	Abounding in sap; sappy.
Saphead	A weak-minded, stupid fellow; a milksop.
Saphenous	Manifest; -- applied to the two principal superficial veins of the lower limb of man.
Saphenous	Of, pertaining to, or in the region of, the saphenous veins; as, the saphenous nerves; the saphenous opening, an opening in the broad fascia of the thigh through which the internal saphenous vein passes.
Sapid	Having the power of affecting the organs of taste; possessing savor, or flavor.
Sapidity	The quality or state of being sapid; taste; savor; savoriness.
Sapidness	Quality of being sapid; sapidity.
Sapience	The quality of being sapient; wisdom; sageness; knowledge.
Sapient	Wise; sage; discerning; -- often in irony or contempt.
Sapiential	Having or affording wisdom.
Sapientious	Sapiential.
Sapientize	To make sapient.
Sapiently	In a sapient manner.
Sapindaceous	Of or pertaining to an order of trees and shrubs (Sapindaceae), including the (typical) genus Sapindus, the maples, the margosa, and about seventy other genera.
Sapindus	A genus of tropical and subtropical trees with pinnate leaves and panicled flowers. The fruits of some species are used instead of soap, and their round black seeds are made into necklaces.
Sapless	Destitute of sap; not juicy.
Sapless	Fig.: Dry; old; husky; withered; spiritless.
sapling	A young tree.
Sapodilla	A tall, evergeen, tropical American tree (Achras Sapota); also, its edible fruit, the sapodilla plum.
Sapogenin	A white crystalline substance obtained by the decomposition of saponin.
Saponaceous	Resembling soap; having the qualities of soap; soapy.
Saponacity	The quality or state of being saponaceous.
Saponary	Saponaceous.
Saponifiable	Capable of conversion into soap; as, a saponifiable substance.
Saponification	The act, process, or result, of soap making; conversion into soap; specifically (Chem.), the decomposition of fats and other ethereal salts by alkalies; as, the saponification of ethyl acetate.
Saponifier	That which saponifies; any reagent used to cause saponification.
Saponified	of Saponify
Saponifying	of Saponify
Saponify	To convert into soap, as tallow or any fat; hence (Chem.), to subject to any similar process, as that which ethereal salts undergo in decomposition; as, to saponify ethyl acetate.
Saponin	A poisonous glucoside found in many plants, as in the root of soapwort (Saponaria), in the bark of soap bark (Quillaia), etc. It is extracted as a white amorphous powder, which occasions a soapy lather in solution, and produces a local anaesthesia. Formerly called also struthiin, quillaiin, senegin, polygalic acid, etc. By extension, any one of a group of related bodies of which saponin proper is the type.
Saponite	A hydrous silicate of magnesia and alumina. It occurs in soft, soapy, amorphous masses, filling veins in serpentine and cavities in trap rock.
Saponul	A soapy mixture obtained by treating an essential oil with an alkali; hence, any similar compound of an essential oil.
Sapor	Power of affecting the organs of taste; savor; flavor; taste.
Saporific	Having the power to produce the sensation of taste; producing taste, flavor, or relish.
Saporosity	The quality of a body by which it excites the sensation of taste.
Saporous	Having flavor or taste; yielding a taste.
Sapota	The sapodilla.
Sapotaceous	Of or pertaining to a natural order (Sapotaceae) of (mostly tropical) trees and shrubs, including the star apple, the Lucuma, or natural marmalade tree, the gutta-percha tree (Isonandra), and the India mahwa, as well as the sapodilla, or sapota, after which the order is named.
Sappan wood	Sapan wood.
Sappare	Kyanite.
Sapper	One who saps; specifically (Mil.), one who is employed in working at saps, building and repairing fortifications, and the like.
Sapphic	Of or pertaining to Sappho, the Grecian poetess; as, Sapphic odes; Sapphic verse.
Sapphic	Belonging to, or in the manner of, Sappho; -- said of a certain kind of verse reputed to have been invented by Sappho, consisting of five feet, of which the first, fourth, and fifth are trochees, the second is a spondee, and the third a dactyl.
Sapphic	A Sapphic verse.
Sapphire	Native alumina or aluminium sesquioxide, Al2O3; corundum; esp., the blue transparent variety of corundum, highly prized as a gem.
Sapphire	The color of the gem; bright blue.
Sapphire	Any humming bird of the genus Hylocharis, native of South America. The throat and breast are usually bright blue.
Sapphire	Of or resembling sapphire; sapphirine; blue.
Sapphirine	Resembling sapphire; made of sapphire; having the color, or any quality of sapphire.
Sappho	Any one of several species of brilliant South American humming birds of the genus Sappho, having very bright-colored and deeply forked tails; -- called also firetail.
Sappiness	The quality of being sappy; juiciness.
Sappodilla	See Sapodilla.
Sappy	Abounding with sap; full of sap; juicy; succulent.
Sappy	Hence, young, not firm; weak, feeble.
Sappy	Weak in intellect.
Sappy	Abounding in sap; resembling, or consisting largely of, sapwood.
Sappy	Musty; tainted.
Saprophagan	One of a tribe of beetles which feed upon decaying animal and vegetable substances; a carrion beetle.
Saprophagous	Feeding on carrion.
Saprophyte	Any plant growing on decayed animal or vegetable matter, as most fungi and some flowering plants with no green color, as the Indian pipe.
Saprophytic	Feeding or growing upon decaying animal or vegetable matter; pertaining to a saprophyte or the saprophytes.
Sapsago	A kind of Swiss cheese, of a greenish color, flavored with melilot.
Sapskull	A saphead.
Sapucaia	A Brazilian tree. See Lecythis, and Monkey-pot.
Sapwood	The alburnum, or part of the wood of any exogenous tree next to the bark, being that portion of the tree through which the sap flows most freely; -- distinguished from heartwood.
Sarabaite	One of certain vagrant or heretical Oriental monks in the early church.
Saraband	A slow Spanish dance of Saracenic origin, to an air in triple time; also, the air itself.
Saracen	Anciently, an Arab; later, a Mussulman; in the Middle Ages, the common term among Christians in Europe for a Mohammedan hostile to the crusaders.
Saracenic	Alt. of Saracenical
Saracenical	Of or pertaining to the Saracens; as, Saracenic architecture.
Sarasin	See Sarrasin.
Saraswati	The sakti or wife of Brahma; the Hindoo goddess of learning, music, and poetry.
Sarcasm	A keen, reproachful expression; a satirical remark uttered with some degree of scorn or contempt; a taunt; a gibe; a cutting jest.
Sarcasmous	Sarcastic.
Sarcastic	Alt. of Sarcastical
Sarcastical	Expressing, or expressed by, sarcasm; characterized by, or of the nature of, sarcasm; given to the use of sarcasm; bitterly satirical; scornfully severe; taunting.
Sarcastically	In a sarcastic manner.
Sarcel	One of the outer pinions or feathers of the wing of a bird, esp. of a hawk.
Sarceled	Cut through the middle.
Sarcelle	The old squaw, or long-tailed duck.
Sarcenet	A species of fine thin silk fabric, used for linings, etc.
Sarcin	Same as Hypoxanthin.
Sarcina	A genus of bacteria found in various organic fluids, especially in those those of the stomach, associated with certain diseases. The individual organisms undergo division along two perpendicular partitions, so that multiplication takes place in two directions, giving groups of four cubical cells. Also used adjectively; as, a sarcina micrococcus; a sarcina group.
Sarcle	To weed, or clear of weeds, with a hoe.
Sarco-	A combining form from Gr. sa`rx, sa`rkos, flesh; as, sarcophagous, flesh-eating; sarcology.
Sarcobases	of Sarcobasis
Sarcobasis	A fruit consisting of many dry indehiscent cells, which contain but few seeds and cohere about a common style, as in the mallows.
Sarcoblast	A minute yellowish body present in the interior of certain rhizopods.
Sarcocarp	The fleshy part of a stone fruit, situated between the skin, or epicarp, and the stone, or endocarp, as in a peach. See Illust. of Endocarp.
Sarcocele	Any solid tumor of the testicle.
Sarcocol	Alt. of Sarcocolla
Sarcocolla	A gum resin obtained from certain shrubs of Africa (Penaea), -- formerly thought to cause healing of wounds and ulcers.
Sarcode	A name applied by Dujardin in 1835 to the gelatinous material forming the bodies of the lowest animals; protoplasm.
Sarcoderm	Alt. of sarcoderma
sarcoderma	A fleshy covering of a seed, lying between the external and internal integuments.
sarcoderma	A sarcocarp.
Sarcodic	Of or pertaining to sarcode.
Sarcoid	Resembling flesh, or muscle; composed of sarcode.
Sarcolactic	Relating to muscle and milk; as, sarcolactic acid. See Lactic acid, under Lactic.
Sarcolemma	The very thin transparent and apparently homogeneous sheath which incloses a striated muscular fiber; the myolemma.
Sarcoline	Flesh-colored.
Sarcologic	Alt. of Sarcological
Sarcological	Of or pertaining to sarcology.
Sarcology	That part of anatomy which treats of the soft parts. It includes myology, angiology, neurology, and splanchnology.
Sarcomata	of Sarcoma
sarcomas	of Sarcoma
Sarcoma	A tumor of fleshy consistence; -- formerly applied to many varieties of tumor, now restricted to a variety of malignant growth made up of cells resembling those of fetal development without any proper intercellular substance.
Sarcomatous	Of or pertaining to sarcoma; resembling sarcoma.
Sarcophaga	A suborder of carnivorous and insectivorous marsupials including the dasyures and the opossums.
Sarcophaga	A genus of Diptera, including the flesh flies.
Sarcophagan	Any animal which eats flesh, especially any carnivorous marsupial.
Sarcophagan	Any fly of the genus Sarcophaga.
Sarcophagous	Feeding on flesh; flesh-eating; carnivorous.
Sarcophagi	of Sarcophagus
Sarcophaguses	of Sarcophagus
Sarcophagus	A species of limestone used among the Greeks for making coffins, which was so called because it consumed within a few weeks the flesh of bodies deposited in it. It is otherwise called lapis Assius, or Assian stone, and is said to have been found at Assos, a city of Lycia.
Sarcophagus	A coffin or chest-shaped tomb of the kind of stone described above; hence, any stone coffin.
Sarcophagus	A stone shaped like a sarcophagus and placed by a grave as a memorial.
Sarcophagy	The practice of eating flesh.
Sarcophile	A flesh-eating animal, especially any one of the carnivorous marsupials.
Sarcoptes	A genus of parasitic mites including the itch mites.
Sarcoptid	Any species of the genus Sarcoptes and related genera of mites, comprising the itch mites and mange mites.
Sarcoptid	Of or pertaining to the itch mites.
Sarcorhamphi	A division of raptorial birds comprising the vultures.
Sarcosepta	of Sarcoseptum
Sarcoseptum	One of the mesenteries of an anthozoan.
Sarcosin	A crystalline nitrogenous substance, formed in the decomposition of creatin (one of the constituents of muscle tissue). Chemically, it is methyl glycocoll.
Sarcosis	Abnormal formation of flesh.
Sarcosis	Sarcoma.
Sarcotic	Producing or promoting the growth of flesh.
Sarcotic	A sarcotic medicine.
Sarcous	Fleshy; -- applied to the minute structural elements, called sarcous elements, or sarcous disks, of which striated muscular fiber is composed.
Sarculation	A weeding, as with a hoe or a rake.
Sard	A variety of carnelian, of a rich reddish yellow or brownish red color. See the Note under Chalcedony.
Sardachate	A variety of agate containing sard.
Sardan	Alt. of Sardel
Sardel	A sardine.
Sardel	A precious stone. See Sardius.
Sardine	Any one of several small species of herring which are commonly preserved in olive oil for food, especially the pilchard, or European sardine (Clupea pilchardus). The California sardine (Clupea sagax) is similar. The American sardines of the Atlantic coast are mostly the young of the common herring and of the menhaden.
Sardine	See Sardius.
Sardinian	Of or pertaining to the island, kingdom, or people of Sardinia.
Sardinian	A native or inhabitant of Sardinia.
Sardius	A precious stone, probably a carnelian, one of which was set in Aaron's breastplate.
Sardoin	Sard; carnelian.
Sardonian	Sardonic.
Sardonic	Forced; unnatural; insincere; hence, derisive, mocking, malignant, or bitterly sarcastic; -- applied only to a laugh, smile, or some facial semblance of gayety.
Sardonic	Of, pertaining to, or resembling, a kind of linen made at Colchis.
Sardonyx	A variety of onyx consisting of sard and white chalcedony in alternate layers.
Saree	The principal garment of a Hindoo woman. It consists of a long piece of cloth, which is wrapped round the middle of the body, a portion being arranged to hang down in front, and the remainder passed across the bosom over the left shoulder.
Sargasso	The gulf weed. See under Gulf.
Sargassum	A genus of algae including the gulf weed.
Sargo	Any one of several species of sparoid fishes belonging to Sargus, Pomadasys, and related genera; -- called also sar, and saragu.
Sari	Same as Saree.
Sarigue	A small South American opossum (Didelphys opossum), having four white spots on the face.
Sark	A shirt.
Sark	To cover with sarking, or thin boards.
Sarkin	Same as Hypoxanthin.
Sarking	Thin boards for sheathing, as above the rafters, and under the shingles or slates, and for similar purposes.
Sarlac	Alt. of Sarlyk
Sarlyk	The yak.
Sarmatian	Alt. of Sarmatic
Sarmatic	Of or pertaining to Sarmatia, or its inhabitants, the ancestors of the Russians and the Poles.
Sarment	A prostrate filiform stem or runner, as of the strawberry. See Runner.
Sarmentaceous	Bearing sarments, or runners, as the strawberry.
Sarmentose	Long and filiform, and almost naked, or having only leaves at the joints where it strikes root; as, a sarmentose stem.
Sarmentose	Bearing sarments; sarmentaceous.
Sarmentous	Sarmentose.
Sarn	A pavement or stepping-stone.
Sarong	A sort of petticoat worn by both sexes in Java and the Malay Archipelago.
Saros	A Chaldean astronomical period or cycle, the length of which has been variously estimated from 3,600 years to 3,600 days, or a little short of 10 years.
Sarplar	A large bale or package of wool, containing eighty tods, or 2,240 pounds, in weight.
Sarplier	A coarse cloth made of hemp, and used for packing goods, etc.
Sarpo	A large toadfish of the Southern United States and the Gulf of Mexico (Batrachus tau, var. pardus).
Sarracenia	A genus of American perennial herbs growing in bogs; the American pitcher plant.
Sarrasin	Alt. of Sarrasine
Sarrasine	A portcullis, or herse.
Sarsa	Sarsaparilla.
Sarsaparilla	Any plant of several tropical American species of Smilax.
Sarsaparilla	The bitter mucilaginous roots of such plants, used in medicine and in sirups for soda, etc.
Sarsaparillin	See Parillin.
Sarse	A fine sieve; a searce.
Sarse	To sift through a sarse.
Sarsen	One of the large sandstone blocks scattered over the English chalk downs; -- called also sarsen stone, and Druid stone.
Sarsenet	See Sarcenet.
Sart	An assart, or clearing.
Sartorial	Of or pertaining to a tailor or his work.
Sartorial	Of or pertaining to the sartorius muscle.
Sartorius	A muscle of the thigh, called the tailor's muscle, which arises from the hip bone and is inserted just below the knee. So named because its contraction was supposed to produce the position of the legs assumed by the tailor in sitting.
Sarum use	A liturgy, or use, put forth about 1087 by St. Osmund, bishop of Sarum, based on Anglo-Saxon and Norman customs.
Sash	A scarf or band worn about the waist, over the shoulder, or otherwise; a belt; a girdle, -- worn by women and children as an ornament; also worn as a badge of distinction by military officers, members of societies, etc.
Sash	To adorn with a sash or scarf.
Sash	The framing in which the panes of glass are set in a glazed window or door, including the narrow bars between the panes.
Sash	In a sawmill, the rectangular frame in which the saw is strained and by which it is carried up and down with a reciprocating motion; -- also called gate.
Sashed	of Sash
Sashing	of Sash
Sash	To furnish with a sash or sashes; as, to sash a door or a window.
Sashery	A collection of sashes; ornamentation by means of sashes.
Sashoon	A kind of pad worn on the leg under the boot.
Sasin	The Indian antelope (Antilope bezoartica, / cervicapra), noted for its beauty and swiftness. It has long, spiral, divergent horns.
Sassaby	Alt. of Sassabye
Sassabye	A large African antelope (Alcelaphus lunata), similar to the hartbeest, but having its horns regularly curved.
Sassafras	An American tree of the Laurel family (Sassafras officinale); also, the bark of the roots, which has an aromatic smell and taste.
Sassanage	Stones left after sifting.
Sassarara	A word used to emphasize a statement.
Sasse	A sluice or lock, as in a river, to make it more navigable.
Sassenach	A Saxon; an Englishman; a Lowlander.
Sassolin	Alt. of Sassoline
Sassoline	Native boric acid, found in saline incrustations on the borders of hot springs near Sasso, in the territory of Florence.
Sassorol	Alt. of Sassorolla
Sassorolla	The rock pigeon. See under Pigeon.
Sassy bark	The bark of a West African leguminous tree (Erythrophlaeum Guineense, used by the natives as an ordeal poison, and also medicinally; -- called also mancona bark.
Sastra	Same as Shaster.
Sat	imp. of Sit.
Satan	The grand adversary of man; the Devil, or Prince of darkness; the chief of the fallen angels; the archfiend.
Satanic	Alt. of Satanical
Satanical	Of or pertaining to Satan; having the qualities of Satan; resembling Satan; extremely malicious or wicked; devilish; infernal.
Satanism	The evil and malicious disposition of Satan; a diabolical spirit.
Satanist	A very wicked person.
Satanophany	An incarnation of Satan; a being possessed by a demon.
Satchel	A little sack or bag for carrying papers, books, or small articles of wearing apparel; a hand bag.
Sated	of Sate
Sating	of Sate
Sate	To satisfy the desire or appetite of; to satiate; to glut; to surfeit.
Sate	imp. of Sit.
Sateen	A kind of dress goods made of cotton or woolen, with a glossy surface resembling satin.
Sateless	Insatiable.
Satellite	An attendant attached to a prince or other powerful person; hence, an obsequious dependent.
Satellite	A secondary planet which revolves about another planet; as, the moon is a satellite of the earth. See Solar system, under Solar.
Satellite	Situated near; accompanying; as, the satellite veins, those which accompany the arteries.
Satellitious	Pertaining to, or consisting of, satellites.
Sathanas	Satan.
Satiate	Filled to satiety; glutted; sated; -- followed by with or of.
Satiated	of Satiate
Satiating	of Satiate
Satiate	To satisfy the appetite or desire of; to feed to the full; to furnish enjoyment to, to the extent of desire; to sate; as, to satiate appetite or sense.
Satiate	To full beyond natural desire; to gratify to repletion or loathing; to surfeit; to glut.
Satiate	To saturate.
Satiation	Satiety.
Satiety	The state of being satiated or glutted; fullness of gratification, either of the appetite or of any sensual desire; fullness beyond desire; an excess of gratification which excites wearisomeness or loathing; repletion; satiation.
Satin	A silk cloth, of a thick, close texture, and overshot woof, which has a glossy surface.
Satinet	A thin kind of satin.
Satinet	A kind of cloth made of cotton warp and woolen filling, used chiefly for trousers.
Satinwood	The hard, lemon-colored, fragrant wood of an East Indian tree (Chloroxylon Swietenia). It takes a lustrous finish, and is used in cabinetwork. The name is also given to the wood of a species of prickly ash (Xanthoxylum Caribaeum) growing in Florida and the West Indies.
Satiny	Like or composed of satin; glossy; as, to have a satiny appearance; a satiny texture.
Sation	A sowing or planting.
Satire	A composition, generally poetical, holding up vice or folly to reprobation; a keen or severe exposure of what in public or private morals deserves rebuke; an invective poem; as, the Satires of Juvenal.
Satire	Keeness and severity of remark; caustic exposure to reprobation; trenchant wit; sarcasm.
Satiric	Alt. of Satirical
Satirical	Of or pertaining to satire; of the nature of satire; as, a satiric style.
Satirical	Censorious; severe in language; sarcastic; insulting.
Satirist	One who satirizes; especially, one who writes satire.
Satirized	of Satirize
Satirizing	of Satirize
Satirize	To make the object of satire; to attack with satire; to censure with keenness or severe sarcasm.
Satisfaction	The act of satisfying, or the state of being satisfied; gratification of desire; contentment in possession and enjoyment; repose of mind resulting from compliance with its desires or demands.
Satisfaction	Settlement of a claim, due, or demand; payment; indemnification; adequate compensation.
Satisfaction	That which satisfies or gratifies; atonement.
Satisfactive	Satisfactory.
Satisfactory	Giving or producing satisfaction; yielding content; especially, relieving the mind from doubt or uncertainty, and enabling it to rest with confidence; sufficient; as, a satisfactory account or explanation.
Satisfactory	Making amends, indemnification, or recompense; causing to cease from claims and to rest content; compensating; atoning; as, to make satisfactory compensation, or a satisfactory apology.
Satisfiable	That may be satisfied.
Satisfier	One who satisfies.
Satisfied	of Satisfy
Satisfying	of Satisfy
Satisfy	In general, to fill up the measure of a want of (a person or a thing); hence, to grafity fully the desire of; to make content; to supply to the full, or so far as to give contentment with what is wished for.
Satisfy	To pay to the extent of claims or deserts; to give what is due to; as, to satisfy a creditor.
Satisfy	To answer or discharge, as a claim, debt, legal demand, or the like; to give compensation for; to pay off; to requite; as, to satisfy a claim or an execution.
Satisfy	To free from doubt, suspense, or uncertainty; to give assurance to; to set at rest the mind of; to convince; as, to satisfy one's self by inquiry.
Satisfy	To give satisfaction; to afford gratification; to leave nothing to be desired.
Satisfy	To make payment or atonement; to atone.
Satisfyingly	So as to satisfy; satisfactorily.
Sative	Sown; propagated by seed.
Satle	To settle.
Satrap	The governor of a province in ancient Persia; hence, a petty autocrat despot.
Satrapal	Of or pertaining to a satrap, or a satrapy.
Satrapess	A female satrap.
Satrapical	Satrapal.
Satrapies	of Satrapy
Satrapy	The government or jurisdiction of a satrap; a principality.
Satsuma ware	A kind of ornamental hard-glazed pottery made at Satsuma in Kiushu, one of the Japanese islands.
Saturable	Capable of being saturated; admitting of saturation.
Saturant	Impregnating to the full; saturating.
Saturant	A substance used to neutralize or saturate the affinity of another substance.
Saturant	An antacid, as magnesia, used to correct acidity of the stomach.
Saturated	of Saturate
Saturating	of Saturate
Saturate	To cause to become completely penetrated, impregnated, or soaked; to fill fully; to sate.
Saturate	To satisfy the affinity of; to cause to become inert by chemical combination with all that it can hold; as, to saturate phosphorus with chlorine.
Saturate	Filled to repletion; saturated; soaked.
Saturated	Filled to repletion; holding by absorption, or in solution, all that is possible; as, saturated garments; a saturated solution of salt.
Saturated	Having its affinity satisfied; combined with all it can hold; -- said of certain atoms, radicals, or compounds; thus, methane is a saturated compound. Contrasted with unsaturated.
Saturation	The act of saturating, or the state of being saturating; complete penetration or impregnation.
Saturation	The act, process, or result of saturating a substance, or of combining it to its fullest extent.
Saturation	Freedom from mixture or dilution with white; purity; -- said of colors.
Saturator	One who, or that which, saturates.
Saturday	The seventh or last day of the week; the day following Friday and preceding Sunday.
Saturity	The state of being saturated; fullness of supply.
Saturn	One of the elder and principal deities, the son of Coelus and Terra (Heaven and Earth), and the father of Jupiter. The corresponding Greek divinity was Kro`nos, later CHro`nos, Time.
Saturn	One of the planets of the solar system, next in magnitude to Jupiter, but more remote from the sun. Its diameter is seventy thousand miles, its mean distance from the sun nearly eight hundred and eighty millions of miles, and its year, or periodical revolution round the sun, nearly twenty-nine years and a half. It is surrounded by a remarkable system of rings, and has eight satellites.
Saturn	The metal lead.
Saturnalia	The festival of Saturn, celebrated in December, originally during one day, but afterward during seven days, as a period of unrestrained license and merriment for all classes, extending even to the slaves.
Saturnalia	Hence: A period or occasion of general license, in which the passions or vices have riotous indulgence.
Saturnalian	Of or pertaining to the Saturnalia.
Saturnalian	Of unrestrained and intemperate jollity; riotously merry; dissolute.
Saturnian	Of or pertaining to Saturn, whose age or reign, from the mildness and wisdom of his government, is called the golden age.
Saturnian	Hence: Resembling the golden age; distinguished for peacefulness, happiness, contentment.
Saturnian	Of or pertaining to the planet Saturn; as, the Saturnian year.
Saturnian	Any one of numerous species of large handsome moths belonging to Saturnia and allied genera. The luna moth, polyphemus, and promethea, are examples. They belong to the Silkworn family, and some are raised for their silk. See Polyphemus.
Saturnicentric	Appearing as if seen from the center of the planet Saturn; relating or referred to Saturn as a center.
Saturnine	Born under, or influenced by, the planet Saturn.
Saturnine	Heavy; grave; gloomy; dull; -- the opposite of mercurial; as, a saturnine person or temper.
Saturnine	Of or pertaining to lead; characterized by, or resembling, lead, which was formerly called Saturn.
Saturnism	Plumbism.
Saturnist	A person of a dull, grave, gloomy temperament.
Satyr	A sylvan deity or demigod, represented as part man and part goat, and characterized by riotous merriment and lasciviousness.
Satyr	Any one of many species of butterflies belonging to the family Nymphalidae. Their colors are commonly brown and gray, often with ocelli on the wings. Called also meadow browns.
Satyr	The orang-outang.
Satyriasis	Immoderate venereal appetite in the male.
Satyric	Alt. of Satyrical
Satyrical	Of or pertaining to satyrs; burlesque; as, satyric tragedy.
Satyrion	Any one of several kinds of orchids.
Sauba ant	A South American ant (Oecodoma cephalotes) remarkable for having two large kinds of workers besides the ordinary ones, and for the immense size of its formicaries. The sauba ant cuts off leaves of plants and carries them into its subterranean nests, and thus often does great damage by defoliating trees and cultivated plants.
Sauce	A composition of condiments and appetizing ingredients eaten with food as a relish; especially, a dressing for meat or fish or for puddings; as, mint sauce; sweet sauce, etc.
Sauce	Any garden vegetables eaten with meat.
Sauce	Stewed or preserved fruit eaten with other food as a relish; as, apple sauce, cranberry sauce, etc.
Sauce	Sauciness; impertinence.
Sauced	of Sauce
Saucing	of Sauce
Sauce	To accompany with something intended to give a higher relish; to supply with appetizing condiments; to season; to flavor.
Sauce	To cause to relish anything, as if with a sauce; to tickle or gratify, as the palate; to please; to stimulate; hence, to cover, mingle, or dress, as if with sauce; to make an application to.
Sauce	To make poignant; to give zest, flavor or interest to; to set off; to vary and render attractive.
Sauce	To treat with bitter, pert, or tart language; to be impudent or saucy to.
Sauce	A soft crayon for use in stump drawing or in shading with the stump.
Sauce-alone	Jack-by-the-hedge. See under Jack.
Saucebox	A saucy, impudent person; especially, a pert child.
Saucepan	A small pan with a handle, in which sauce is prepared over a fire; a stewpan.
Saucer	A small pan or vessel in which sauce was set on a table.
Saucer	A small dish, commonly deeper than a plate, in which a cup is set at table.
Saucer	Something resembling a saucer in shape.
Saucer	A flat, shallow caisson for raising sunken ships.
Saucer	A shallow socket for the pivot of a capstan.
Saucily	In a saucy manner; impudently; with impertinent boldness.
Sauciness	The quality or state of being saucy; that which is saucy; impertinent boldness; contempt of superiors; impudence.
Saucisson	Alt. of Saucisse
Saucisse	A long and slender pipe or bag, made of cloth well pitched, or of leather, filled with powder, and used to communicate fire to mines, caissons, bomb chests, etc.
Saucisse	A fascine of more than ordinary length.
Saucy	Showing impertinent boldness or pertness; transgressing the rules of decorum; treating superiors with contempt; impudent; insolent; as, a saucy fellow.
Saucy	Expressive of, or characterized by, impudence; impertinent; as, a saucy eye; saucy looks.
Sauerkraut	Cabbage cut fine and allowed to ferment in a brine made of its own juice with salt, -- a German dish.
Sauf	Safe.
Sauf	Save; except.
Saufly	Safely.
Sauger	An American fresh-water food fish (Stizostedion Canadense); -- called also gray pike, blue pike, hornfish, land pike, sand pike, pickering, and pickerel.
Saugh	Alt. of Sauh
Sauh	imp. sing. of See.
Sauks	Same as Sacs.
Saul	Soul.
Saul	Same as Sal, the tree.
Saulie	A hired mourner at a funeral.
Sault	A rapid in some rivers; as, the Sault Ste. Marie.
Saunders	See Sandress.
Saunders-blue	A kind of color prepared from calcined lapis lazuli; ultramarine; also, a blue prepared from carbonate of copper.
Sauntered	of Saunter
Sauntering	of Saunter
Saunter	To wander or walk about idly and in a leisurely or lazy manner; to lounge; to stroll; to loiter.
Saunter	A sauntering, or a sauntering place.
Saunterer	One who saunters.
Saur	Soil; dirt; dirty water; urine from a cowhouse.
Saurel	Any carangoid fish of the genus Trachurus, especially T. trachurus, or T. saurus, of Europe and America, and T. picturatus of California. Called also skipjack, and horse mackerel.
Sauria	A division of Reptilia formerly established to include the Lacertilia, Crocodilia, Dinosauria, and other groups. By some writers the name is restricted to the Lacertilia.
Saurian	Of or pertaining to, or of the nature of, the Sauria.
Saurian	One of the Sauria.
Saurioid	Same as Sauroid.
Saurobatrachia	The Urodela.
Saurognathous	Having the bones of the palate arranged as in saurians, the vomer consisting of two lateral halves, as in the woodpeckers (Pici).
Sauroid	Like or pertaining to the saurians.
Sauroid	Resembling a saurian superficially; as, a sauroid fish.
Sauroidichnite	The fossil track of a saurian.
Sauropoda	An extinct order of herbivorous dinosaurs having the feet of a saurian type, instead of birdlike, as they are in many dinosaurs. It includes the largest known land animals, belonging to Brontosaurus, Camarasaurus, and allied genera. See Illustration in Appendix.
Sauropsida	A comprehensive group of vertebrates, comprising the reptiles and birds.
Sauropterygia	Same as Plesiosauria.
Saururae	An extinct order of birds having a long vertebrated tail with quills along each side of it. Archaeopteryx is the type. See Archaeopteryx, and Odontornithes.
Sauries	of Saury
Saury	A slender marine fish (Scomberesox saurus) of Europe and America. It has long, thin, beaklike jaws. Called also billfish, gowdnook, gawnook, skipper, skipjack, skopster, lizard fish, and Egypt herring.
Sausage	An article of food consisting of meat (esp. pork) minced and highly seasoned, and inclosed in a cylindrical case or skin usually made of the prepared intestine of some animal.
Sausage	A saucisson. See Saucisson.
Sauseflem	Having a red, pimpled face.
Saussurite	A tough, compact mineral, of a white, greenish, or grayish color. It is near zoisite in composition, and in part, at least, has been produced by the alteration of feldspar.
Saut	Alt. of Saute
Saute	An assault.
Saute	p. p. of Sauter.
Sauter	To fry lightly and quickly, as meat, by turning or tossing it over frequently in a hot pan greased with a little fat.
Sauter	Psalter.
Sauterelle	An instrument used by masons and others to trace and form angles.
Sauterne	A white wine made in the district of Sauterne, France.
Sautrie	Psaltery.
Sauvegarde	The monitor.
Savable	Capable of, or admitting of, being saved.
Savableness	Capability of being saved.
Savacioun	Salvation.
Savage	Of or pertaining to the forest; remote from human abodes and cultivation; in a state of nature; wild; as, a savage wilderness.
Savage	Wild; untamed; uncultivated; as, savage beasts.
Savage	Uncivilized; untaught; unpolished; rude; as, savage life; savage manners.
Savage	Characterized by cruelty; barbarous; fierce; ferocious; inhuman; brutal; as, a savage spirit.
Savage	A human being in his native state of rudeness; one who is untaught, uncivilized, or without cultivation of mind or manners.
Savage	A man of extreme, unfeeling, brutal cruelty; a barbarian.
Savage	To make savage.
Savagely	In a savage manner.
Savageness	The state or quality of being savage.
Savagery	The state of being savage; savageness; savagism.
Savagery	An act of cruelty; barbarity.
Savagery	Wild growth, as of plants.
Savagism	The state of being savage; the state of rude, uncivilized men, or of men in their native wildness and rudeness.
Savanilla	The tarpum.
Savanna	A tract of level land covered with the vegetable growth usually found in a damp soil and warm climate, -- as grass or reeds, -- but destitute of trees.
Savants	of Savant
Savant	A man of learning; one versed in literature or science; a person eminent for acquirements.
Save	The herb sage, or salvia.
Saved	of Save
Saving	of Save
Save	To make safe; to procure the safety of; to preserve from injury, destruction, or evil of any kind; to rescue from impending danger; as, to save a house from the flames.
Save	Specifically, to deliver from sin and its penalty; to rescue from a state of condemnation and spiritual death, and bring into a state of spiritual life.
Save	To keep from being spent or lost; to secure from waste or expenditure; to lay up; to reserve.
Save	To rescue from something undesirable or hurtful; to prevent from doing something; to spare.
Save	To hinder from doing, suffering, or happening; to obviate the necessity of; to prevent; to spare.
Save	To hold possession or use of; to escape loss of.
Save	To avoid unnecessary expense or expenditure; to prevent waste; to be economical.
Save	Except; excepting; not including; leaving out; deducting; reserving; saving.
Save	Except; unless.
Saveable	See Savable.
Save-all	Anything which saves fragments, or prevents waste or loss.
Save-all	A device in a candlestick to hold the ends of candles, so that they be burned.
Save-all	A small sail sometimes set under the foot of another sail, to catch the wind that would pass under it.
Saveloy	A kind of dried sausage.
Savely	Safely.
Savement	The act of saving.
Saver	One who saves.
Savin	Alt. of Savine
Savine	A coniferous shrub (Juniperus Sabina) of Western Asia, occasionally found also in the northern parts of the United States and in British America. It is a compact bush, with dark-colored foliage, and produces small berries having a glaucous bloom. Its bitter, acrid tops are sometimes used in medicine for gout, amenorrhoea, etc.
Savine	The North American red cedar (Juniperus Virginiana.)
Saving	Preserving; rescuing.
Saving	Avoiding unnecessary expense or waste; frugal; not lavish or wasteful; economical; as, a saving cook.
Saving	Bringing back in returns or in receipts the sum expended; incurring no loss, though not gainful; as, a saving bargain; the ship has made a saving voyage.
Saving	Making reservation or exception; as, a saving clause.
Saving	With the exception of; except; excepting; also, without disrespect to.
Saving	Something kept from being expended or lost; that which is saved or laid up; as, the savings of years of economy.
Saving	Exception; reservation.
Savingly	In a saving manner; with frugality or parsimony.
Savingly	So as to be finally saved from eternal death.
Savingness	The quality of being saving; carefulness not to expend money uselessly; frugality; parsimony.
Savingness	Tendency to promote salvation.
Savior	One who saves, preserves, or delivers from destruction or danger.
Savior	Specifically: The (or our, your, etc.) Savior, he who brings salvation to men; Jesus Christ, the Redeemer.
Savioress	A female savior.
Savor	That property of a thing which affects the organs of taste or smell; taste and odor; flavor; relish; scent; as, the savor of an orange or a rose; an ill savor.
Savor	Hence, specific flavor or quality; characteristic property; distinctive temper, tinge, taint, and the like.
Savor	Sense of smell; power to scent, or trace by scent.
Savor	Pleasure; delight; attractiveness.
Savored	of Savor
Savoring	of Savor
Savor	To have a particular smell or taste; -- with of.
Savor	To partake of the quality or nature; to indicate the presence or influence; to smack; -- with of.
Savor	To use the sense of taste.
Savor	To perceive by the smell or the taste; hence, to perceive; to note.
Savor	To have the flavor or quality of; to indicate the presence of.
Savor	To taste or smell with pleasure; to delight in; to relish; to like; to favor.
Savorily	In a savory manner.
Savoriness	The quality of being savory.
Savorless	Having no savor; destitute of smell or of taste; insipid.
Savorly	Savory.
Savorly	In a savory manner.
Savorous	Having a savor; savory.
Savory	Pleasing to the organs of taste or smell.
Savory	An aromatic labiate plant (Satureia hortensis), much used in cooking; -- also called summer savory.
Savoy	A variety of the common cabbage (Brassica oleracea major), having curled leaves, -- much cultivated for winter use.
Savoyard	A native or inhabitant of Savoy.
Saw	imp. of See.
Saw	Something said; speech; discourse.
Saw	A saying; a proverb; a maxim.
Saw	Dictate; command; decree.
Saw	An instrument for cutting or dividing substances, as wood, iron, etc., consisting of a thin blade, or plate, of steel, with a series of sharp teeth on the edge, which remove successive portions of the material by cutting and tearing.
Sawed	of Saw
Sawed	of Saw
Sawn	of Saw
Sawing	of Saw
Saw	To cut with a saw; to separate with a saw; as, to saw timber or marble.
Saw	To form by cutting with a saw; as, to saw boards or planks, that is, to saw logs or timber into boards or planks; to saw shingles; to saw out a panel.
Saw	Also used figuratively; as, to saw the air.
Saw	To use a saw; to practice sawing; as, a man saws well.
Saw	To cut, as a saw; as, the saw or mill saws fast.
Saw	To be cut with a saw; as, the timber saws smoothly.
Sawarra nut	See Souari nut.
Sawbelly	The alewife.
Sawbill	The merganser.
Sawbones	A nickname for a surgeon.
Sawbuck	A sawhorse.
Sawceflem	See Sauseflem.
Sawder	A corrupt spelling and pronunciation of solder.
Sawdust	Dust or small fragments of wood (or of stone, etc.) made by the cutting of a saw.
Sawer	One who saws; a sawyer.
Sawfish	Any one of several species of elasmobranch fishes of the genus Pristis. They have a sharklike form, but are more nearly allied to the rays. The flattened and much elongated snout has a row of stout toothlike structures inserted along each edge, forming a sawlike organ with which it mutilates or kills its prey.
Sawfly	Any one of numerous species of hymenopterous insects belonging to the family Tenthredinidae. The female usually has an ovipositor containing a pair of sawlike organs with which she makes incisions in the leaves or stems of plants in which to lay the eggs. The larvae resemble those of Lepidoptera.
Sawhorse	A kind of rack, shaped like a double St. Andrew's cross, on which sticks of wood are laid for sawing by hand; -- called also buck, and sawbuck.
Sawmill	A mill for sawing, especially one for sawing timber or lumber.
Sawneb	A merganser.
Saw palmetto	See under Palmetto.
Saw-set	An instrument used to set or turn the teeth of a saw a little sidewise, that they may make a kerf somewhat wider than the thickness of the blade, to prevent friction; -- called also saw-wrest.
Sawtooth	An arctic seal (Lobodon carcinophaga), having the molars serrated; -- called also crab-eating seal.
Saw-toothed	Having a tooth or teeth like those of a saw; serrate.
Sawtry	A psaltery.
Saw-whet	A small North American owl (Nyctale Acadica), destitute of ear tufts and having feathered toes; -- called also Acadian owl.
Saw-wort	Any plant of the composite genus Serratula; -- so named from the serrated leaves of most of the species.
Saw-wrest	See Saw-set.
Sawyer	One whose occupation is to saw timber into planks or boards, or to saw wood for fuel; a sawer.
Sawyer	A tree which has fallen into a stream so that its branches project above the surface, rising and falling with a rocking or swaying motion in the current.
Sawyer	The bowfin.
Sax	A kind of chopping instrument for trimming the edges of roofing slates.
Saxatile	Of or pertaining to rocks; living among rocks; as, a saxatile plant.
Saxhorn	A name given to a numerous family of brass wind instruments with valves, invented by Antoine Joseph Adolphe Sax (known as Adolphe Sax), of Belgium and Paris, and much used in military bands and in orchestras.
saxicavas	of Saxicava
Saxicavae	of Saxicava
Saxicava	Any species of marine bivalve shells of the genus Saxicava. Some of the species are noted for their power of boring holes in limestone and similar rocks.
Saxicavid	Of or pertaining to the saxicavas.
Saxicavid	A saxicava.
Saxicavous	Boring, or hollowing out, rocks; -- said of certain mollusks which live in holes which they burrow in rocks. See Illust. of Lithodomus.
Saxicoline	Stone-inhabiting; pertaining to, or having the characteristics of, the stonechats.
Saxicolous	Growing on rocks.
Saxifraga	A genus of exogenous polypetalous plants, embracing about one hundred and eighty species. See Saxifrage.
Saxifragaceous	Of or pertaining to a natural order of plants (Saxifragaceae) of which saxifrage is the type. The order includes also the alum root, the hydrangeas, the mock orange, currants and gooseberries, and many other plants.
Saxifragant	Breaking or destroying stones; saxifragous.
Saxifragant	That which breaks or destroys stones.
Saxifrage	Any plant of the genus Saxifraga, mostly perennial herbs growing in crevices of rocks in mountainous regions.
Saxifragous	Dissolving stone, especially dissolving stone in the bladder.
Saxon	One of a nation or people who formerly dwelt in the northern part of Germany, and who, with other Teutonic tribes, invaded and conquered England in the fifth and sixth centuries.
Saxon	Also used in the sense of Anglo-Saxon.
Saxon	A native or inhabitant of modern Saxony.
Saxon	The language of the Saxons; Anglo-Saxon.
Saxon	Of or pertaining to the Saxons, their country, or their language.
Saxon	Anglo-Saxon.
Saxon	Of or pertaining to Saxony or its inhabitants.
Saxonic	Relating to the Saxons or Anglo- Saxons.
Saxonism	An idiom of the Saxon or Anglo-Saxon language.
Saxonist	One versed in the Saxon language.
Saxonite	See Mountain soap, under Mountain.
Saxophone	A wind instrument of brass, containing a reed, and partaking of the qualities both of a brass instrument and of a clarinet.
Sax-tuba	A powerful instrument of brass, curved somewhat like the Roman buccina, or tuba.
Say	Saw.
Say	Trial by sample; assay; sample; specimen; smack.
Say	Tried quality; temper; proof.
Say	Essay; trial; attempt.
Say	To try; to assay.
Say	A kind of silk or satin.
Say	A delicate kind of serge, or woolen cloth.
Said	of Say
Saying	of Say
Say	To utter or express in words; to tell; to speak; to declare; as, he said many wise things.
Say	To repeat; to rehearse; to recite; to pronounce; as, to say a lesson.
Say	To announce as a decision or opinion; to state positively; to assert; hence, to form an opinion upon; to be sure about; to be determined in mind as to.
Say	To mention or suggest as an estimate, hypothesis, or approximation; hence, to suppose; -- in the imperative, followed sometimes by the subjunctive; as, he had, say fifty thousand dollars; the fox had run, say ten miles.
Say	To speak; to express an opinion; to make answer; to reply.
Say	A speech; something said; an expression of opinion; a current story; a maxim or proverb.
Sayer	One who says; an utterer.
Sayette	A mixed stuff, called also sagathy. See Sagathy.
Saying	That which is said; a declaration; a statement, especially a proverbial one; an aphorism; a proverb.
Sayman	One who assays.
Saymaster	A master of assay; one who tries or proves.
Saynd	p. p. of Senge, to singe.
'Sblood	An abbreviation of God's blood; -- used as an oath.
Scab	An incrustation over a sore, wound, vesicle, or pustule, formed by the drying up of the discharge from the diseased part.
Scab	The itch in man; also, the scurvy.
Scab	The mange, esp. when it appears on sheep.
Scab	A disease of potatoes producing pits in their surface, caused by a minute fungus (Tiburcinia Scabies).
Scab	A slight irregular protuberance which defaces the surface of a casting, caused by the breaking away of a part of the mold.
Scab	A mean, dirty, paltry fellow.
Scab	A nickname for a workman who engages for lower wages than are fixed by the trades unions; also, for one who takes the place of a workman on a strike.
Scabbed	of Scab
Scabbing	of Scab
Scab	To become covered with a scab; as, the wound scabbed over.
Scabbard	The case in which the blade of a sword, dagger, etc., is kept; a sheath.
Scabbard	To put in a scabbard.
Scabbard plane	See Scaleboard plane, under Scaleboard.
Scabbed	Abounding with scabs; diseased with scabs.
Scabbed	Fig.: Mean; paltry; vile; worthless.
Scabbedness	Scabbiness.
Scabbily	In a scabby manner.
Scabbiness	The quality or state of being scabby.
Scabble	See Scapple.
Scabby	Affected with scabs; full of scabs.
Scabby	Diseased with the scab, or mange; mangy.
Scabies	The itch.
Scabious	Consisting of scabs; rough; itchy; leprous; as, scabious eruptions.
Scabious	Any plant of the genus Scabiosa, several of the species of which are common in Europe. They resemble the Compositae, and have similar heads of flowers, but the anthers are not connected.
Scabling	A fragment or chip of stone.
Scabredity	Roughness; ruggedness.
Scabrous	Rough to the touch, like a file; having small raised dots, scales, or points; scabby; scurfy; scaly.
Scabrous	Fig.: Harsh; unmusical.
Scabrousness	The quality of being scabrous.
Scabwort	Elecampane.
Scad	A small carangoid fish (Trachurus saurus) abundant on the European coast, and less common on the American. The name is applied also to several allied species.
Scad	The goggler; -- called also big-eyed scad. See Goggler.
Scad	The friar skate.
Scad	The cigar fish, or round robin.
Scaffold	A temporary structure of timber, boards, etc., for various purposes, as for supporting workmen and materials in building, for exhibiting a spectacle upon, for holding the spectators at a show, etc.
Scaffold	Specifically, a stage or elevated platform for the execution of a criminal; as, to die on the scaffold.
Scaffold	An accumulation of adherent, partly fused material forming a shelf, or dome-shaped obstruction, above the tuyeres in a blast furnace.
Scaffold	To furnish or uphold with a scaffold.
Scaffoldage	A scaffold.
Scaffolding	A scaffold; a supporting framework; as, the scaffolding of the body.
Scaffolding	Materials for building scaffolds.
Scaglia	A reddish variety of limestone.
Scagliola	An imitation of any veined and ornamental stone, as marble, formed by a substratum of finely ground gypsum mixed with glue, the surface of which, while soft, is variegated with splinters of marble, spar, granite, etc., and subsequently colored and polished.
Scalae	of Scala
Scala	A machine formerly employed for reducing dislocations of the humerus.
Scala	A term applied to any one of the three canals of the cochlea.
Scalable	Capable of being scaled.
Scalade	Alt. of Scalado
Scalado	See Escalade.
Scalar	In the quaternion analysis, a quantity that has magnitude, but not direction; -- distinguished from a vector, which has both magnitude and direction.
Scalaria	Any one of numerous species of marine gastropods of the genus Scalaria, or family Scalaridae, having elongated spiral turreted shells, with rounded whorls, usually crossed by ribs or varices. The color is generally white or pale. Called also ladder shell, and wentletrap. See Ptenoglossa, and Wentletrap.
Scalariform	Resembling a ladder in form or appearance; having transverse bars or markings like the rounds of a ladder; as, the scalariform cells and scalariform pits in some plants.
Scalariform	Like or pertaining to a scalaria.
Scalary	Resembling a ladder; formed with steps.
Scalawag	A scamp; a scapegrace.
Scalded	of Scald
Scalding	of Scald
Scald	To burn with hot liquid or steam; to pain or injure by contact with, or immersion in, any hot fluid; as, to scald the hand.
Scald	To expose to a boiling or violent heat over a fire, or in hot water or other liquor; as, to scald milk or meat.
Scald	A burn, or injury to the skin or flesh, by some hot liquid, or by steam.
Scald	Affected with the scab; scabby.
Scald	Scurvy; paltry; as, scald rhymers.
Scald	Scurf on the head. See Scall.
Scald	One of the ancient Scandinavian poets and historiographers; a reciter and singer of heroic poems, eulogies, etc., among the Norsemen; more rarely, a bard of any of the ancient Teutonic tribes.
Scalder	A Scandinavian poet; a scald.
Scaldfish	A European flounder (Arnoglossus laterna, or Psetta arnoglossa); -- called also megrim, and smooth sole.
Scaldic	Of or pertaining to the scalds of the Norsemen; as, scaldic poetry.
Scale	The dish of a balance; hence, the balance itself; an instrument or machine for weighing; as, to turn the scale; -- chiefly used in the plural when applied to the whole instrument or apparatus for weighing. Also used figuratively.
Scale	The sign or constellation Libra.
Scaled	of Scale
Scaling	of Scale
Scale	To weigh or measure according to a scale; to measure; also, to grade or vary according to a scale or system.
Scale	One of the small, thin, membranous, bony or horny pieces which form the covering of many fishes and reptiles, and some mammals, belonging to the dermal part of the skeleton, or dermoskeleton. See Cycloid, Ctenoid, and Ganoid.
Scale	Hence, any layer or leaf of metal or other material, resembling in size and thinness the scale of a fish; as, a scale of iron, of bone, etc.
Scale	One of the small scalelike structures covering parts of some invertebrates, as those on the wings of Lepidoptera and on the body of Thysanura; the elytra of certain annelids. See Lepidoptera.
Scale	A scale insect. (See below.)
Scale	A small appendage like a rudimentary leaf, resembling the scales of a fish in form, and often in arrangement; as, the scale of a bud, of a pine cone, and the like. The name is also given to the chaff on the stems of ferns.
Scale	The thin metallic side plate of the handle of a pocketknife. See Illust. of Pocketknife.
Scale	An incrustation deposit on the inside of a vessel in which water is heated, as a steam boiler.
Scale	The thin oxide which forms on the surface of iron forgings. It consists essentially of the magnetic oxide, Fe3O4. Also, a similar coating upon other metals.
Scale	To strip or clear of scale or scales; as, to scale a fish; to scale the inside of a boiler.
Scale	To take off in thin layers or scales, as tartar from the teeth; to pare off, as a surface.
Scale	To scatter; to spread.
Scale	To clean, as the inside of a cannon, by the explosion of a small quantity of powder.
Scale	To separate and come off in thin layers or laminae; as, some sandstone scales by exposure.
Scale	To separate; to scatter.
Scale	A ladder; a series of steps; a means of ascending.
Scale	Hence, anything graduated, especially when employed as a measure or rule, or marked by lines at regular intervals.
Scale	A mathematical instrument, consisting of a slip of wood, ivory, or metal, with one or more sets of spaces graduated and numbered on its surface, for measuring or laying off distances, etc., as in drawing, plotting, and the like. See Gunter's scale.
Scale	A series of spaces marked by lines, and representing proportionately larger distances; as, a scale of miles, yards, feet, etc., for a map or plan.
Scale	A basis for a numeral system; as, the decimal scale; the binary scale, etc.
Scale	The graduated series of all the tones, ascending or descending, from the keynote to its octave; -- called also the gamut. It may be repeated through any number of octaves. See Chromatic scale, Diatonic scale, Major scale, and Minor scale, under Chromatic, Diatonic, Major, and Minor.
Scale	Gradation; succession of ascending and descending steps and degrees; progressive series; scheme of comparative rank or order; as, a scale of being.
Scale	Relative dimensions, without difference in proportion of parts; size or degree of the parts or components in any complex thing, compared with other like things; especially, the relative proportion of the linear dimensions of the parts of a drawing, map, model, etc., to the dimensions of the corresponding parts of the object that is represented; as, a map on a scale of an inch to a mile.
Scale	To climb by a ladder, or as if by a ladder; to ascend by steps or by climbing; to clamber up; as, to scale the wall of a fort.
Scale	To lead up by steps; to ascend.
Scaleback	Any one of numerous species of marine annelids of the family Polynoidae, and allies, which have two rows of scales, or elytra, along the back. See Illust. under Chaetopoda.
Scalebeam	The lever or beam of a balance; the lever of a platform scale, to which the poise for weighing is applied.
Scalebeam	A weighing apparatus with a sliding weight, resembling a steelyard.
Scaleboard	A thin slip of wood used to justify a page.
Scaleboard	A thin veneer of leaf of wood used for covering the surface of articles of furniture, and the like.
Scaled	Covered with scales, or scalelike structures; -- said of a fish, a reptile, a moth, etc.
Scaled	Without scales, or with the scales removed; as, scaled herring.
Scaled	Having feathers which in form, color, or arrangement somewhat resemble scales; as, the scaled dove.
Scaleless	Destitute of scales.
Scalene	Having the sides and angles unequal; -- said of a triangle.
Scalene	Having the axis inclined to the base, as a cone.
Scalene	Designating several triangular muscles called scalene muscles.
Scalene	Of or pertaining to the scalene muscles.
Scalene	A triangle having its sides and angles unequal.
Scalenohedral	Of or pertaining to a scalenohedron.
Scalenohedron	A pyramidal form under the rhombohedral system, inclosed by twelve faces, each a scalene triangle.
Scaler	One who, or that which, scales; specifically, a dentist's instrument for removing tartar from the teeth.
Scale-winged	Having the wings covered with small scalelike structures, as the Lepidoptera; scaly-winged.
Scaliness	The state of being scaly; roughness.
Scaling	Adapted for removing scales, as from a fish; as, a scaling knife; adapted for removing scale, as from the interior of a steam boiler; as, a scaling hammer, bar, etc.
Scaling	Serving as an aid in clambering; as, a scaling ladder, used in assaulting a fortified place.
Scaliola	Same as Scagliola.
Scall	A scurf or scabby disease, especially of the scalp.
Scall	Scabby; scurfy.
Scalled	Scabby; scurfy; scall.
Scallion	A kind of small onion (Allium Ascalonicum), native of Palestine; the eschalot, or shallot.
Scallion	Any onion which does not "bottom out," but remains with a thick stem like a leek.
Scallop	Any one of numerous species of marine bivalve mollusks of the genus Pecten and allied genera of the family Pectinidae. The shell is usually radially ribbed, and the edge is therefore often undulated in a characteristic manner. The large adductor muscle of some the species is much used as food. One species (Vola Jacobaeus) occurs on the coast of Palestine, and its shell was formerly worn by pilgrims as a mark that they had been to the Holy Land. Called also fan shell. See Pecten, 2.
Scallop	One of series of segments of circles joined at their extremities, forming a border like the edge or surface of a scallop shell.
Scallop	One of the shells of a scallop; also, a dish resembling a scallop shell.
Scalloped	of Scallop
Scalloping	of Scallop
Scallop	To mark or cut the edge or border of into segments of circles, like the edge or surface of a scallop shell. See Scallop, n., 2.
Scallop	To bake in scallop shells or dishes; to prepare with crumbs of bread or cracker, and bake. See Scalloped oysters, below.
Scalloped	Furnished with a scallop; made or done with or in a scallop.
Scalloped	Having the edge or border cut or marked with segments of circles. See Scallop, n., 2.
Scalloped	Baked in a scallop; cooked with crumbs.
Scalloper	One who fishes for scallops.
Scalloping	Fishing for scallops.
Scalp	A bed of oysters or mussels.
Scalp	That part of the integument of the head which is usually covered with hair.
Scalp	A part of the skin of the head, with the hair attached, cut or torn off from an enemy by the Indian warriors of North America, as a token of victory.
Scalp	Fig.: The top; the summit.
Scalped	of Scalp
Scalping	of Scalp
Scalp	To deprive of the scalp; to cut or tear the scalp from the head of.
Scalp	To remove the skin of.
Scalp	To brush the hairs or fuzz from, as wheat grains, in the process of high milling.
Scalp	To make a small, quick profit by slight fluctuations of the market; -- said of brokers who operate in this way on their own account.
Scalpel	A small knife with a thin, keen blade, -- used by surgeons, and in dissecting.
Scalper	One who, or that which, scalps.
Scalper	Same as Scalping iron, under Scalping.
Scalper	A broker who, dealing on his own account, tries to get a small and quick profit from slight fluctuations of the market.
Scalper	A person who buys and sells the unused parts of railroad tickets.
Scalper	A person who buys tickets for entertainment or sports events and sells them at a profit, often at a much higher price.  Also, ticket scalper.
Scalping	a. & n. from Scalp.
Scalpriform	Shaped like a chisel; as, the scalpriform incisors of rodents.
Scaly	Covered or abounding with scales; as, a scaly fish.
Scaly	Resembling scales, laminae, or layers.
Scaly	Mean; low; as, a scaly fellow.
Scaly	Composed of scales lying over each other; as, a scaly bulb; covered with scales; as, a scaly stem.
Scaly-winged	Scale-winged.
Scambled	of Scamble
Scambling	of Scamble
Scamble	To move awkwardly; to be shuffling, irregular, or unsteady; to sprawl; to shamble.
Scamble	To move about pushing and jostling; to be rude and turbulent; to scramble.
Scamble	To mangle.
Scambler	1. One who scambles.
Scambler	A bold intruder upon the hospitality of others; a mealtime visitor.
Scamblingly	In a scambling manner; with turbulence and noise; with bold intrusiveness.
Scamell	Alt. of Scammel
Scammel	The female bar-tailed godwit.
Scamilli	of Scamillus
Scamillus	A sort of second plinth or block, below the bases of Ionic and Corinthian columns, generally without moldings, and of smaller size horizontally than the pedestal.
Scammoniate	Made from scammony; as, a scammoniate aperient.
Scammony	A species of bindweed or Convolvulus (C. Scammonia).
Scammony	An inspissated sap obtained from the root of the Convolvulus Scammonia, of a blackish gray color, a nauseous smell like that of old cheese, and a somewhat acrid taste. It is used in medicine as a cathartic.
Scamp	A rascal; a swindler; a rogue.
Scamp	To perform in a hasty, neglectful, or imperfect manner; to do superficially.
Scampavia	A long, low war galley used by the Neapolitans and Sicilians in the early part of the nineteenth century.
Scampered	of Scamper
Scampering	of Scamper
Scamper	To run with speed; to run or move in a quick, hurried manner; to hasten away.
Scamper	A scampering; a hasty flight.
Scamperer	One who scampers.
Scampish	Of or like a scamp; knavish; as, scampish conduct.
Scanned	of Scan
Scanning	of Scan
Scan	To mount by steps; to go through with step by step.
, a , or an . PCP.  It is presumably an older spelling of scanned. --2. 	Specifically (Pros.), to go through with, as a verse, marking and distinguishing the feet of which it is composed; to show, in reading, the metrical structure of; to recite metrically.
, a , or an . PCP.  It is presumably an older spelling of scanned. --2. Specifically (Pros.), to go through with, as a verse, marking and distinguishing the feet of which it is composed; to show, in reading, the metrical structure of; to recite metrically	To go over and examine point by point; to examine with care; to look closely at or into; to scrutinize.
Scandal	Offense caused or experienced; reproach or reprobation called forth by what is regarded as wrong, criminal, heinous, or flagrant: opprobrium or disgrace.
Scandal	Reproachful aspersion; opprobrious censure; defamatory talk, uttered heedlessly or maliciously.
Scandal	Anything alleged in pleading which is impertinent, and is reproachful to any person, or which derogates from the dignity of the court, or is contrary to good manners.
Scandal	To treat opprobriously; to defame; to asperse; to traduce; to slander.
Scandal	To scandalize; to offend.
Scandalized	of Scandalize
Scandalizing	of Scandalize
Scandalize	To offend the feelings or the conscience of (a person) by some action which is considered immoral or criminal; to bring shame, disgrace, or reproach upon.
Scandalize	To reproach; to libel; to defame; to slander.
Scandalous	Giving offense to the conscience or moral feelings; exciting reprobation; calling out condemnation.
Scandalous	Disgraceful to reputation; bringing shame or infamy; opprobrious; as, a scandalous crime or vice.
Scandalous	Defamatory; libelous; as, a scandalous story.
Scandalously	In a manner to give offense; shamefully.
Scandalously	With a disposition to impute immorality or wrong.
Scandalousness	Quality of being scandalous.
Scandalum magnatum	A defamatory speech or writing published to the injury of a person of dignity; -- usually abbreviated scan. mag.
Scandent	Climbing.
Scandia	A chemical earth, the oxide of scandium.
Scandic	Of or pertaining to scandium; derived from, or containing, scandium.
Scandinavian	Of or pertaining to Scandinavia, that is, Sweden, Norway, and Denmark.
Scandinavian	A native or inhabitant of Scandinavia.
Scandium	A rare metallic element of the boron group, whose existence was predicted under the provisional name ekaboron by means of the periodic law, and subsequently discovered by spectrum analysis in certain rare Scandinavian minerals (euxenite and gadolinite). It has not yet been isolated. Symbol Sc. Atomic weight 44.
Scansion	The act of scanning; distinguishing the metrical feet of a verse by emphasis, pauses, or otherwise.
Scansores	An artifical group of birds formerly regarded as an order. They are distributed among several orders by modern ornithologists.
Scansorial	Capable of climbing; as, the woodpecker is a scansorial bird; adapted for climbing; as, a scansorial foot.
Scansorial	Of or pertaining to the Scansores. See Illust.. under Aves.
Scant	Not full, large, or plentiful; scarcely sufficient; less than is wanted for the purpose; scanty; meager; not enough; as, a scant allowance of provisions or water; a scant pattern of cloth for a garment.
Scant	Sparing; parsimonious; chary.
Scanted	of Scant
Scanting	of Scant
Scant	To limit; to straiten; to treat illiberally; to stint; as, to scant one in provisions; to scant ourselves in the use of necessaries.
Scant	To cut short; to make small, narrow, or scanty; to curtail.
Scant	To fail, or become less; to scantle; as, the wind scants.
Scant	In a scant manner; with difficulty; scarcely; hardly.
Scant	Scantness; scarcity.
Scantily	In a scanty manner; not fully; not plentifully; sparingly; parsimoniously.
Scantiness	Quality or condition of being scanty.
Scantle	To be deficient; to fail.
Scantle	To scant; to be niggard of; to divide into small pieces; to cut short or down.
Scantlet	A small pattern; a small quantity.
Scantling	Not plentiful; small; scanty.
Scantling	A fragment; a bit; a little piece.
Scantling	A piece or quantity cut for a special purpose; a sample.
Scantling	A small quantity; a little bit; not much.
Scantling	A piece of timber sawed or cut of a small size, as for studs, rails, etc.
Scantling	The dimensions of a piece of timber with regard to its breadth and thickness; hence, the measure or dimensions of anything.
Scantling	A rough draught; a rude sketch or outline.
Scantling	A frame for casks to lie upon; a trestle.
Scantly	In a scant manner; not fully or sufficiently; narrowly; penuriously.
Scantly	Scarcely; hardly; barely.
Scantness	The quality or condition of being scant; narrowness; smallness; insufficiency; scantiness.
Scanty	Wanting amplitude or extent; narrow; small; not abundant.
Scanty	Somewhat less than is needed; insufficient; scant; as, a scanty supply of words; a scanty supply of bread.
Scanty	Sparing; niggardly; parsimonious.
Scape	A peduncle rising from the ground or from a subterranean stem, as in the stemless violets, the bloodroot, and the like.
Scape	The long basal joint of the antennae of an insect.
Scape	The shaft of a column.
Scape	The apophyge of a shaft.
Scaped	of Scape
Scaping	of Scape
Scape	To escape.
Scape	An escape.
Scape	Means of escape; evasion.
Scape	A freak; a slip; a fault; an escapade.
Scape	Loose act of vice or lewdness.
Scapegallows	One who has narrowly escaped the gallows for his crimes.
Scapegoat	A goat upon whose head were symbolically placed the sins of the people, after which he was suffered to escape into the wilderness.
Scapegoat	Hence, a person or thing that is made to bear blame for others.
Scapegrace	A graceless, unprincipled person; one who is wild and reckless.
Scapeless	Destitute of a scape.
Scapement	Same as Escapement, 3.
Scape-wheel	The wheel in an escapement (as of a clock or a watch) into the teeth of which the pallets play.
Scaphander	The case, or impermeable apparel, in which a diver can work while under water.
Scaphism	An ancient mode of punishing criminals among the Persians, by confining the victim in a trough, with his head and limbs smeared with honey or the like, and exposed to the sun and to insects until he died.
Scaphite	Any fossil cephalopod shell of the genus Scaphites, belonging to the Ammonite family and having a chambered boat-shaped shell. Scaphites are found in the Cretaceous formation.
Scaphocephalic	Of, pertaining to, or affected with, scaphocephaly.
Scaphocephaly	A deformed condition of the skull, in which the vault is narrow, elongated, and more or less boat-shaped.
Scaphocerite	A flattened plate or scale attached to the second joint of the antennae of many Crustacea.
Scaphognathite	A thin leafike appendage (the exopodite) of the second maxilla of decapod crustaceans. It serves as a pumping organ to draw the water through the gill cavity.
Scaphoid	Resembling a boat in form; boat-shaped.
Scaphoid	The scaphoid bone.
Scapholunar	Of or pertaining to the scaphoid and lunar bones of the carpus.
Scapholunar	The scapholunar bone.
Scaphopda	A class of marine cephalate Mollusca having a tubular shell open at both ends, a pointed or spadelike foot for burrowing, and many long, slender, prehensile oral tentacles. It includes Dentalium, or the tooth shells, and other similar shells. Called also Prosopocephala, and Solenoconcha.
Scapiform	Resembling a scape, or flower stem.
Scapolite	A grayish white mineral occuring in tetragonal crystals and in cleavable masses. It is essentially a silicate of alumina and soda.
Scapple	To work roughly, or shape without finishing, as stone before leaving the quarry.
Scapple	To dress in any way short of fine tooling or rubbing, as stone.
Scapulae	of Scapula
Scapulas	of Scapula
Scapula	The principal bone of the shoulder girdle in mammals; the shoulder blade.
Scapula	One of the plates from which the arms of a crinoid arise.
Scapular	Of or pertaining to the scapula or the shoulder.
Scapular	One of a special group of feathers which arise from each of the scapular regions and lie along the sides of the back.
Scapular	Alt. of Scapulary
Scapulary	A loose sleeveless vestment falling in front and behind, worn by certain religious orders and devout persons.
Scapulary	The name given to two pieces of cloth worn under the ordinary garb and over the shoulders as an act of devotion.
Scapulary	A bandage passing over the shoulder to support it, or to retain another bandage in place.
Scapulary	Same as Scapular, a.
Scapulary	Same as 2d and 3d Scapular.
Scapulet	A secondary mouth fold developed at the base of each of the armlike lobes of the manubrium of many rhizostome medusae. See Illustration in Appendix.
Scapulo-	A combining form used in anatomy to indicate connection with, or relation to, the scapula or the shoulder; as, the scapulo-clavicular articulation, the articulation between the scapula and clavicle.
Scapus	See 1st Scape.
Scar	A mark in the skin or flesh of an animal, made by a wound or ulcer, and remaining after the wound or ulcer is healed; a cicatrix; a mark left by a previous injury; a blemish; a disfigurement.
Scar	A mark left upon a stem or branch by the fall of a leaf, leaflet, or frond, or upon a seed by the separation of its support. See Illust.. under Axillary.
Scarred	of Scar
Scarring	of Scar
Scar	To mark with a scar or scars.
Scar	To form a scar.
Scar	An isolated or protruding rock; a steep, rocky eminence; a bare place on the side of a mountain or steep bank of earth.
Scar	A marine food fish, the scarus, or parrot fish.
Scarab	Alt. of Scarabee
Scarabee	Any one of numerous species of lamellicorn beetles of the genus Scarabaeus, or family Scarabaeidae, especially the sacred, or Egyptian, species (Scarabaeus sacer, and S. Egyptiorum).
Scarabee	A stylized representation of a scarab beetle in stone or faience; -- a symbol of resurrection, used by the ancient Egyptians as an ornament or a talisman,  and in modern times used in jewelry, usually by engraving designs on cabuchon stones.  Also used attributively; as, a scarab bracelet [a bracelet containing scarabs]; a scarab [the carved stone itelf].
Scarabaeus	Same as Scarab.
Scaraboid	Of or pertaining to the family Scarabaeidae, an extensive group which includes the Egyptian scarab, the tumbledung, and many similar lamellicorn beetles.
Scaraboid	A scaraboid beetle.
Scaramouch	A personage in the old Italian comedy (derived from Spain) characterized by great boastfulness and poltroonery; hence, a person of like characteristics; a buffoon.
Scarce	Not plentiful or abundant; in small quantity in proportion to the demand; not easily to be procured; rare; uncommon.
Scarce	Scantily supplied (with); deficient (in); -- with of.
Scarce	Sparing; frugal; parsimonious; stingy.
Scarce	Alt. of Scarcely
Scarcely	With difficulty; hardly; scantly; barely; but just.
Scarcely	Frugally; penuriously.
Scarcement	An offset where a wall or bank of earth, etc., retreats, leaving a shelf or footing.
Scarceness	Alt. of Scarcity
Scarcity	The quality or condition of being scarce; smallness of quantity in proportion to the wants or demands; deficiency; lack of plenty; short supply; penury; as, a scarcity of grain; a great scarcity of beauties.
Scard	A shard or fragment.
Scared	of Scare
Scaring	of Scare
Scare	To frighten; to strike with sudden fear; to alarm.
Scare	Fright; esp., sudden fright produced by a trifling cause, or originating in mistake.
Scarecrow	Anything set up to frighten crows or other birds from cornfields; hence, anything terifying without danger.
Scarecrow	A person clad in rags and tatters.
Scarecrow	The black tern.
Scarefire	An alarm of fire.
Scarefire	A fire causing alarm.
Scarf	A cormorant.
Scarfs	of Scarf
Scarves	of Scarf
Scarf	An article of dress of a light and decorative character, worn loosely over the shoulders or about the neck or the waist; a light shawl or handkerchief for the neck; also, a cravat; a neckcloth.
Scarfed	of Scarf
Scarfing	of Scarf
Scarf	To throw on loosely; to put on like a scarf.
Scarf	To dress with a scarf, or as with a scarf; to cover with a loose wrapping.
Scarf	To form a scarf on the end or edge of, as for a joint in timber, metal rods, etc.
Scarf	To unite, as two pieces of timber or metal, by a scarf joint.
Scarf	In a piece which is to be united to another by a scarf joint, the part of the end or edge that is tapered off, rabbeted, or notched so as to be thinner than the rest of the piece.
Scarf	A scarf joint.
Scarfskin	See Epidermis.
Scarification	The act of scarifying.
Scarificator	An instrument, principally used in cupping, containing several lancets moved simultaneously by a spring, for making slight incisions.
Scarifier	One who scarifies.
Scarifier	The instrument used for scarifying.
Scarifier	An implement for stripping and loosening the soil, without bringing up a fresh surface.
Scarified	of Scarify
Scarifying	of Scarify
Scarify	To scratch or cut the skin of; esp. (Med.), to make small incisions in, by means of a lancet or scarificator, so as to draw blood from the smaller vessels without opening a large vein.
Scarify	To stir the surface soil of, as a field.
Scariose	Alt. of Scarious
Scarious	Thin, dry, membranous, and not green.
Scarlatina	Scarlet fever.
Scarless	Free from scar.
Scarlet	A deep bright red tinged with orange or yellow, -- of many tints and shades; a vivid or bright red color.
Scarlet	Cloth of a scarlet color.
Scarlet	Of the color called scarlet; as, a scarlet cloth or thread.
Scarlet	To dye or tinge with scarlet.
Scarmage	Alt. of Scarmoge
Scarmoge	A slight contest; a skirmish. See Skirmish.
Scarn	Dung.
Scaroid	Of or pertaining to the Scaridae, a family of marine fishes including the parrot fishes.
Scarp	A band in the same position as the bend sinister, but only half as broad as the latter.
Scarp	The slope of the ditch nearest the parapet; the escarp.
Scarp	A steep descent or declivity.
Scarped	of Scarp
Scarping	of Scarp
Scarp	To cut down perpendicularly, or nearly so; as, to scarp the face of a ditch or a rock.
Scarring	A scar; a mark.
Scarry	Bearing scars or marks of wounds.
Scarry	Like a scar, or rocky eminence; containing scars.
Scarus	A Mediterranean food fish (Sparisoma scarus) of excellent quality and highly valued by the Romans; -- called also parrot fish.
Scary	Barren land having only a thin coat of grass.
Scary	Subject to sudden alarm.
Scary	Causing fright; alarming.
Scasely	Scarcely; hardly.
Scat	Go away; begone; away; -- chiefly used in driving off a cat.
Scat	Alt. of Scatt
Scatt	Tribute.
Scat	A shower of rain.
Scatch	A kind of bit for the bridle of a horse; -- called also scatchmouth.
Scatches	Stilts.
Scate	See Skate, for the foot.
Scatebrous	Abounding with springs.
Scath	Harm; damage; injury; hurt; waste; misfortune.
Scathed	of Scath
Scathing	of Scath
Scathe	Alt. of Scath
Scath	To do harm to; to injure; to damage; to waste; to destroy.
Scathful	Harmful; doing damage; pernicious.
Scathless	Unharmed.
Scathly	Injurious; scathful.
Scattered	of Scatter
Scattering	of Scatter
Scatter	To strew about; to sprinkle around; to throw down loosely; to deposit or place here and there, esp. in an open or sparse order.
Scatter	To cause to separate in different directions; to reduce from a close or compact to a loose or broken order; to dissipate; to disperse.
Scatter	Hence, to frustrate, disappoint, and overthrow; as, to scatter hopes, plans, or the like.
Scatter	To be dispersed or dissipated; to disperse or separate; as, clouds scatter after a storm.
Scatter-brain	A giddy or thoughtless person; one incapable of concentration or attention.
Scatter-brained	Giddy; thoughtless.
Scattered	Dispersed; dissipated; sprinkled, or loosely spread.
Scattered	Irregular in position; having no regular order; as, scattered leaves.
Scattergood	One who wastes; a spendthrift.
Scattering	Going or falling in various directions; not united or aggregated; divided among many; as, scattering votes.
Scattering	Act of strewing about; something scattered.
Scatteringly	In a scattering manner; dispersedly.
Scatterling	One who has no fixed habitation or residence; a vagabond.
Scaturient	Gushing forth; full to overflowing; effusive.
Scaturiginous	Abounding with springs.
Scaup	A bed or stratum of shellfish; scalp.
Scaup	A scaup duck. See below.
Scauper	A tool with a semicircular edge, -- used by engravers to clear away the spaces between the lines of an engraving.
Scaur	A precipitous bank or rock; a scar.
Scavage	A toll or duty formerly exacted of merchant strangers by mayors, sheriffs, etc., for goods shown or offered for sale within their precincts.
Scavenge	To cleanse, as streets, from filth.
Scavenger	A person whose employment is to clean the streets of a city, by scraping or sweeping, and carrying off the filth. The name is also applied to any animal which devours refuse, carrion, or anything injurious to health.
Scazon	A choliamb.
Scelerat	A villain; a criminal.
Scelestic	Evil; wicked; atrocious.
Scelet	A mummy; a skeleton.
Scena	A scene in an opera.
Scena	An accompanied dramatic recitative, interspersed with passages of melody, or followed by a full aria.
Scenario	A preliminary sketch of the plot, or main incidents, of an opera.
Scenary	Scenery.
Scene	The structure on which a spectacle or play is exhibited; the part of a theater in which the acting is done, with its adjuncts and decorations; the stage.
Scene	The decorations and fittings of a stage, representing the place in which the action is supposed to go on; one of the slides, or other devices, used to give an appearance of reality to the action of a play; as, to paint scenes; to shift the scenes; to go behind the scenes.
Scene	So much of a play as passes without change of locality or time, or important change of character; hence, a subdivision of an act; a separate portion of a play, subordinate to the act, but differently determined in different plays; as, an act of four scenes.
Scene	The place, time, circumstance, etc., in which anything occurs, or in which the action of a story, play, or the like, is laid; surroundings amid which anything is set before the imagination; place of occurrence, exhibition, or action.
Scene	An assemblage of objects presented to the view at once; a series of actions and events exhibited in their connection; a spectacle; a show; an exhibition; a view.
Scene	A landscape, or part of a landscape; scenery.
Scene	An exhibition of passionate or strong feeling before others; often, an artifical or affected action, or course of action, done for effect; a theatrical display.
Scene	To exhibit as a scene; to make a scene of; to display.
Sceneful	Having much scenery.
Scenemen	of Sceneman
Sceneman	The man who manages the movable scenes in a theater.
Scenery	Assemblage of scenes; the paintings and hangings representing the scenes of a play; the disposition and arrangement of the scenes in which the action of a play, poem, etc., is laid; representation of place of action or occurence.
Scenery	Sum of scenes or views; general aspect, as regards variety and beauty or the reverse, in a landscape; combination of natural views, as woods, hills, etc.
Sceneshifter	One who moves the scenes in a theater; a sceneman.
Scenic	Alt. of Scenical
Scenical	Of or pertaining to scenery; of the nature of scenery; theatrical.
Scenograph	A perspective representation or general view of an object.
Scenographic	Alt. of Scenographical
Scenographical	Of or pertaining to scenography; drawn in perspective.
Scenography	The art or act of representing a body on a perspective plane; also, a representation or description of a body, in all its dimensions, as it appears to the eye.
Scented	of Scent
Scenting	of Scent
Scent	To perceive by the olfactory organs; to smell; as, to scent game, as a hound does.
Scent	To imbue or fill with odor; to perfume.
Scent	To have a smell.
Scent	To hunt animals by means of the sense of smell.
Scent	That which, issuing from a body, affects the olfactory organs of animals; odor; smell; as, the scent of an orange, or of a rose; the scent of musk.
Scent	Specifically, the odor left by an animal on the ground in passing over it; as, dogs find or lose the scent; hence, course of pursuit; track of discovery.
Scent	The power of smelling; the sense of smell; as, a hound of nice scent; to divert the scent.
Scentful	Full of scent or odor; odorous.
Scentful	Of quick or keen smell.
Scentingly	By scent.
Scentless	Having no scent.
Scepsis	Skepticism; skeptical philosophy.
Scepter	Alt. of Sceptre
Sceptre	A staff or baton borne by a sovereign, as a ceremonial badge or emblem of authority; a royal mace.
Sceptre	Hence, royal or imperial power or authority; sovereignty; as, to assume the scepter.
Sceptered	of Sceptre
Sceptred	of Sceptre
Sceptering	of Sceptre
Sceptring	of Sceptre
Scepter	Alt. of Sceptre
Sceptre	To endow with the scepter, or emblem of authority; to invest with royal authority.
Scepterellate	Having a straight shaft with whorls of spines; -- said of certain sponge spicules. See Illust. under Spicule.
Scepterless	Alt. of Sceptreless
Sceptreless	Having no scepter; without authority; powerless; as, a scepterless king.
Sceptic	Alt. of Scepticism
Sceptical	Alt. of Scepticism
Scepticism	etc. See Skeptic, Skeptical, Skepticism, etc.
Sceptral	Of or pertaining to a scepter; like a scepter.
Scern	To discern; to perceive.
Schade	Shade; shadow.
Schah	See Shah.
Schediasm	Cursory writing on a loose sheet.
Schedule	A written or printed scroll or sheet of paper; a document; especially, a formal list or inventory; a list or catalogue annexed to a larger document, as to a will, a lease, a statute, etc.
Schedule	To form into, or place in, a schedule.
Scheele's green	See under Green.
Scheelin	Scheelium.
Scheelite	Calcium tungstate, a mineral of a white or pale yellowish color and of the tetragonal system of crystallization.
Scheelium	The metal tungsten.
Scheik	See Sheik.
Schelly	The powan.
Schemata	of Schema
Schemas	of Schema
Schema	An outline or image universally applicable to a general conception, under which it is likely to be presented to the mind; as, five dots in a line are a schema of the number five; a preceding and succeeding event are a schema of cause and effect.
Schematic	Of or pertaining to a scheme or a schema.
Schematism	Combination of the aspects of heavenly bodies.
Schematism	Particular form or disposition of a thing; an exhibition in outline of any systematic arrangement.
Schematist	One given to forming schemes; a projector; a schemer.
Schematize	To form a scheme or schemes.
Scheme	A combination of things connected and adjusted by design; a system.
Scheme	A plan or theory something to be done; a design; a project; as, to form a scheme.
Scheme	Any lineal or mathematical diagram; an outline.
Scheme	A representation of the aspects of the celestial bodies for any moment or at a given event.
Schemed	of Scheme
Scheming	of Scheme
Scheme	To make a scheme of; to plan; to design; to project; to plot.
Scheme	To form a scheme or schemes.
Schemeful	Full of schemes or plans.
Schemer	One who forms schemes; a projector; esp., a plotter; an intriguer.
Scheming	Given to forming schemes; artful; intriguing.
Schemist	A schemer.
Schene	An Egyptian or Persian measure of length, varying from thirty-two to sixty stadia.
Schenkbeer	A mild German beer.
Scherbet	See Sherbet.
Scherif	See Sherif.
Scherzando	In a playful or sportive manner.
Scherzo	A playful, humorous movement, commonly in 3-4 measure, which often takes the place of the old minuet and trio in a sonata or a symphony.
Schesis	General state or disposition of the body or mind, or of one thing with regard to other things; habitude.
Schesis	A figure of speech whereby the mental habitude of an adversary or opponent is feigned for the purpose of arguing against him.
Schetic	Alt. of Schetical
Schetical	Of or pertaining to the habit of the body; constitutional.
Schiedam	Holland gin made at Schiedam in the Netherlands.
Schiller	The peculiar bronzelike luster observed in certain minerals, as hypersthene, schiller spar, etc. It is due to the presence of minute inclusions in parallel position, and is sometimes of secondary origin.
Schilerization	The act or process of producing schiller in a mineral mass.
Schilling	Any one of several small German and Dutch coins, worth from about one and a half cents to about five cents.
Schindylesis	A form of articulation in which one bone is received into a groove or slit in another.
Schirrhus	See Scirrhus.
Schism	Division or separation; specifically (Eccl.), permanent division or separation in the Christian church; breach of unity among people of the same religious faith; the offense of seeking to produce division in a church without justifiable cause.
Schisma	An interval equal to half a comma.
Schismatic	Of or pertaining to schism; implying schism; partaking of the nature of schism; tending to schism; as, schismatic opinions or proposals.
Schismatic	One who creates or takes part in schism; one who separates from an established church or religious communion on account of a difference of opinion.
Schismatical	Same as Schismatic.
Schismatized	of Schismatize
Schismatizing	of Schismatize
Schismatize	To take part in schism; to make a breach of communion in the church.
Schismless	Free from schism.
Schist	Any crystalline rock having a foliated structure (see Foliation) and hence admitting of ready division into slabs or slates. The common kinds are mica schist, and hornblendic schist, consisting chiefly of quartz with mica or hornblende and often feldspar.
Schistaceous	Of a slate color.
Schistic	Schistose.
Schistose	Alt. of Schistous
Schistous	Of or pertaining to schist; having the structure of a schist.
Schistosity	The quality or state of being schistose.
Schizo-	A combining form denoting division or cleavage; as, schizogenesis, reproduction by fission or cell division.
Schizocarp	A dry fruit which splits at maturity into several closed one-seeded portions.
Schizocoele	See Enterocoele.
Schizocoelous	Pertaining to, or of the nature of, a schizocoele.
Schizogenesis	Reproduction by fission.
Schizognath	Any bird with a schizognathous palate.
Schizognathae	The schizognathous birds.
Schizognathism	The condition of having a schizognathous palate.
Schizognathous	Having the maxillo-palatine bones separate from each other and from the vomer, which is pointed in front, as in the gulls, snipes, grouse, and many other birds.
Schizomycetes	An order of Schizophyta, including the so-called fission fungi, or bacteria. See Schizophyta, in the Supplement.
Schizonemertea	A group of nemerteans comprising those having a deep slit along each side of the head. See Illust. in Appendix.
Schizopelmous	Having the two flexor tendons of the toes entirely separate, and the flexor hallucis going to the first toe only.
Schizophyte	One of a class of vegetable organisms, in the classification of Cohn, which includes all of the inferior forms that multiply by fission, whether they contain chlorophyll or not.
Schizopod	one of the Schizopoda. Also used adjectively.
Schizopod	Alt. of Schizopodous
Schizopodous	Of or pertaining to a schizopod, or the Schizopoda.
Schizopoda	A division of shrimplike Thoracostraca in which each of the thoracic legs has a long fringed upper branch (exopodite) for swimming.
Scizorhinal	Having the nasal bones separate.
Scizorhinal	Having the anterior nostrils prolonged backward in the form of a slit.
Schlich	The finer portion of a crushed ore, as of gold, lead, or tin, separated by the water in certain wet processes.
Schmelze	A kind of glass of a red or ruby color, made in Bohemia.
Schnapps	Holland gin.
Schneiderian	Discovered or described by C. V. Schneider, a German anatomist of the seventeenth century.
Schoharie grit	The formation belonging to the middle of the three subdivisions of the Corniferous period in the American Devonian system; -- so called from Schoharie, in New York, where it occurs. See the Chart of Geology.
Scholar	One who attends a school; one who learns of a teacher; one under the tuition of a preceptor; a pupil; a disciple; a learner; a student.
Scholar	One engaged in the pursuits of learning; a learned person; one versed in any branch, or in many branches, of knowledge; a person of high literary or scientific attainments; a savant.
Scholar	A man of books.
Scholar	In English universities, an undergraduate who belongs to the foundation of a college, and receives support in part from its revenues.
Scholarity	Scholarship.
Scholarlike	Scholarly.
Scholarly	Like a scholar, or learned person; showing the qualities of a scholar; as, a scholarly essay or critique.
Scholarly	In a scholarly manner.
Scholarship	The character and qualities of a scholar; attainments in science or literature; erudition; learning.
Scholarship	Literary education.
Scholarship	Maintenance for a scholar; a foundation for the support of a student.
Scholastic	Pertaining to, or suiting, a scholar, a school, or schools; scholarlike; as, scholastic manners or pride; scholastic learning.
Scholastic	Of or pertaining to the schoolmen and divines of the Middle Ages (see Schoolman); as, scholastic divinity or theology; scholastic philosophy.
Scholastic	Hence, characterized by excessive subtilty, or needlessly minute subdivisions; pedantic; formal.
Scholastic	One who adheres to the method or subtilties of the schools.
Scholastic	See the Note under Jesuit.
Scholastical	Scholastic.
Scholastically	In a scholastic manner.
Scholasticism	The method or subtilties of the schools of philosophy; scholastic formality; scholastic doctrines or philosophy.
Scholia	See Scholium.
Scholiast	A maker of scholia; a commentator or annotator.
Scholiastic	Of or pertaining to a scholiast, or his pursuits.
Scholiaze	To write scholia.
Scholical	Scholastic.
Scholion	A scholium.
Scholia	of Scholium
Scholiums	of Scholium
Scholium	A marginal annotation; an explanatory remark or comment; specifically, an explanatory comment on the text of a classic author by an early grammarian.
Scholium	A remark or observation subjoined to a demonstration or a train of reasoning.
Scholy	A scholium.
Scholy	To write scholia; to annotate.
School	A shoal; a multitude; as, a school of fish.
School	A place for learned intercourse and instruction; an institution for learning; an educational establishment; a place for acquiring knowledge and mental training; as, the school of the prophets.
School	A place of primary instruction; an establishment for the instruction of children; as, a primary school; a common school; a grammar school.
School	A session of an institution of instruction.
School	One of the seminaries for teaching logic, metaphysics, and theology, which were formed in the Middle Ages, and which were characterized by academical disputations and subtilties of reasoning.
School	The room or hall in English universities where the examinations for degrees and honors are held.
School	An assemblage of scholars; those who attend upon instruction in a school of any kind; a body of pupils.
School	The disciples or followers of a teacher; those who hold a common doctrine, or accept the same teachings; a sect or denomination in philosophy, theology, science, medicine, politics, etc.
School	The canons, precepts, or body of opinion or practice, sanctioned by the authority of a particular class or age; as, he was a gentleman of the old school.
School	Figuratively, any means of knowledge or discipline; as, the school of experience.
Schooled	of School
Schooling	of School
School	To train in an institution of learning; to educate at a school; to teach.
School	To tutor; to chide and admonish; to reprove; to subject to systematic discipline; to train.
Schoolbook	A book used in schools for learning lessons.
Schoolboy	A boy belonging to, or attending, a school.
Schooldame	A schoolmistress.
Schoolery	Something taught; precepts; schooling.
Schoolfellow	One bred at the same school; an associate in school.
Schoolgirl	A girl belonging to, or attending, a school.
Schoolhouse	A house appropriated for the use of a school or schools, or for instruction.
Schooling	Instruction in school; tuition; education in an institution of learning; act of teaching.
Schooling	Discipline; reproof; reprimand; as, he gave his son a good schooling.
Schooling	Compensation for instruction; price or reward paid to an instructor for teaching pupils.
Schooling	Collecting or running in schools or shoals.
Schoolma'am	A schoolmistress.
Schoolmaid	A schoolgirl.
Schoolmen	of Schoolman
Schoolman	One versed in the niceties of academical disputation or of school divinity.
Schoolmaster	The man who presides over and teaches a school; a male teacher of a school.
Schoolmaster	One who, or that which, disciplines and directs.
Schoolmate	A pupil who attends the same school as another.
Schoolmistress	A woman who governs and teaches a school; a female school-teacher.
Schoolroom	A room in which pupils are taught.
Schoolship	A vessel employed as a nautical training school, in which naval apprentices receive their education at the expense of the state, and are trained for service as sailors. Also, a vessel used as a reform school to which boys are committed by the courts to be disciplined, and instructed as mariners.
School-teacher	One who teaches or instructs a school.
Schoolward	Toward school.
Schooner	Originally, a small, sharp-built vessel, with two masts and fore-and-aft rig. Sometimes it carried square topsails on one or both masts and was called a topsail schooner. About 1840, longer vessels with three masts, fore-and-aft rigged, came into use, and since that time vessels with four masts and even with six masts, so rigged, are built. Schooners with more than two masts are designated three-masted schooners, four-masted schooners, etc. See Illustration in Appendix.
Schooner	A large goblet or drinking glass, -- used for lager beer or ale.
Schorl	Black tourmaline.
Schorlaceous	Partaking of the nature and character of schorl; resembling schorl.
Schorlous	Schorlaceous.
Schorly	Pertaining to, or containing, schorl; as, schorly granite.
Schottish	Alt. of Schottische
Schottische	A Scotch round dance in 2-4 time, similar to the polka, only slower; also, the music for such a dance; -- not to be confounded with the Ecossaise.
Schreibersite	A mineral occurring in steel-gray flexible folia. It contains iron, nickel, and phosphorus, and is found only in meteoric iron.
Schrode	See Scrod.
Schwann's sheath	The neurilemma.
Schwann's white substance	The substance of the medullary sheath.
Schwanpan	Chinese abacus.
Schweitzerkase	Gruyere cheese.
Schwenkfelder	Alt. of Schwenkfeldian
Schwenkfeldian	A member of a religious sect founded by Kaspar von Schwenkfeld, a Silesian reformer who disagreed with Luther, especially on the deification of the body of Christ.
Sciaenoid	Of or pertaining to the Sciaenidae, a family of marine fishes which includes the meagre, the squeteague, and the kingfish.
Sciagraph	An old term for a vertical section of a building; -- called also sciagraphy. See Vertical section, under Section.
Sciagraph	A radiograph.
Sciagraphical	Pertaining to sciagraphy.
Sciagraphy	The art or science of projecting or delineating shadows as they fall in nature.
Sciagraphy	Same as Sciagraph.
Sciamachy	See Sciomachy.
Sciatheric	Alt. of Sciatherical
Sciatherical	Belonging to a sundial.
Sciatic	Of or pertaining to the hip; in the region of, or affecting, the hip; ischial; ischiatic; as, the sciatic nerve, sciatic pains.
Sciatic	Sciatica.
Sciatica	Neuralgia of the sciatic nerve, an affection characterized by paroxysmal attacks of pain in the buttock, back of the thigh, or in the leg or foot, following the course of the branches of the sciatic nerve. The name is also popularly applied to various painful affections of the hip and the parts adjoining it. See Ischiadic passion, under Ischiadic.
Sciatical	Sciatic.
Sciatically	With, or by means of, sciatica.
Scibboleth	Shibboleth.
Science	Knowledge; knowledge of principles and causes; ascertained truth of facts.
Science	Accumulated and established knowledge, which has been systematized and formulated with reference to the discovery of general truths or the operation of general laws; knowledge classified and made available in work, life, or the search for truth; comprehensive, profound, or philosophical knowledge.
Science	Especially, such knowledge when it relates to the physical world and its phenomena, the nature, constitution, and forces of matter, the qualities and functions of living tissues, etc.; -- called also natural science, and physical science.
Science	Any branch or department of systematized knowledge considered as a distinct field of investigation or object of study; as, the science of astronomy, of chemistry, or of mind.
Science	Art, skill, or expertness, regarded as the result of knowledge of laws and principles.
Science	To cause to become versed in science; to make skilled; to instruct.
Scient	Knowing; skillful.
Scienter	Knowingly; willfully.
Sciential	Pertaining to, or producing, science.
Scientific	Of or pertaining to science; used in science; as, scientific principles; scientific apparatus; scientific observations.
Scientific	Agreeing with, or depending on, the rules or principles of science; as, a scientific classification; a scientific arrangement of fossils.
Scientific	Having a knowledge of science, or of a science; evincing science or systematic knowledge; as, a scientific chemist; a scientific reasoner; a scientific argument.
Scientifical	Scientific.
Scientifically	In a scientific manner; according to the rules or principles of science.
Scientist	One learned in science; a scientific investigator; one devoted to scientific study; a savant.
Scilicet	To wit; namely; videlicet; -- often abbreviated to sc., or ss.
Scillain	A glucoside extracted from squill (Scilla) as a light porous substance.
Scillitin	A bitter principle extracted from the bulbs of the squill (Scilla), and probably consisting of a complex mixture of several substances.
Scimiter	Alt. of Scimitar
Scimitar	A saber with a much curved blade having the edge on the convex side, -- in use among Mohammedans, esp., the Arabs and persians.
Scimitar	A long-handled billhook. See Billhook.
Scincoid	Of or pertaining to the family Scincidae, or skinks.
Scincoid	A scincoidian.
Scincoidea	A tribe of lizards including the skinks. See Skink.
Scincoidian	Any one of numerous species of lizards of the family Scincidae or tribe Scincoidea. The tongue is not extensile. The body and tail are covered with overlapping scales, and the toes are margined. See Illust. under Skink.
Sciniph	Some kind of stinging or biting insect, as a flea, a gnat, a sandfly, or the like.
Scink	A skink.
Scink	A slunk calf.
Scintilla	A spark; the least particle; an iota; a tittle.
Scintillant	Emitting sparks, or fine igneous particles; sparkling.
Scintillated	of Scintillate
Scintillating	of Scintillate
Scintillate	To emit sparks, or fine igneous particles.
Scintillate	To sparkle, as the fixed stars.
Scintillation	The act of scintillating.
Scintillation	A spark or flash emitted in scintillating.
Scintillous	Scintillant.
Scintillously	In a scintillant manner.
Sciography	See Sciagraphy.
Sciolism	The knowledge of a sciolist; superficial knowledge.
Sciolist	One who knows many things superficially; a pretender to science; a smatterer.
Sciolistic	Of or pertaining to sciolism, or a sciolist; partaking of sciolism; resembling a sciolist.
Sciolous	Knowing superficially or imperfectly.
Sciomachy	A fighting with a shadow; a mock contest; an imaginary or futile combat.
Sciomancy	Divination by means of shadows.
Scion	A shoot or sprout of a plant; a sucker.
Scion	A piece of a slender branch or twig cut for grafting.
Scion	Hence, a descendant; an heir; as, a scion of a royal stock.
Scioptic	Of or pertaining to an optical arrangement for forming images in a darkened room, usually called scioptic ball.
Sciopticon	A kind of magic lantern.
Scioptics	The art or process of exhibiting luminous images, especially those of external objects, in a darkened room, by arrangements of lenses or mirrors.
Scioptric	Scioptic.
Sciot	Of or pertaining to the island Scio (Chio or Chios).
Sciot	A native or inhabitant of Scio.
Sciotheric	Of or pertaining to a sundial.
Scious	Knowing; having knowledge.
Scire facias	A judicial writ, founded upon some record, and requiring the party proceeded against to show cause why the party bringing it should not have advantage of such record, or (as in the case of scire facias to repeal letters patent) why the record should not be annulled or vacated.
Scirrhoid	Resembling scirrhus.
Scirrhosity	A morbid induration, as of a gland; state of being scirrhous.
Scirrhous	Proceeding from scirrhus; of the nature of scirrhus; indurated; knotty; as, scirrhous affections; scirrhous disease.
Scirrhi	of Scirrhus
Scirrhuses	of Scirrhus
Scirrhus	An indurated organ or part; especially, an indurated gland.
Scirrhus	A cancerous tumor which is hard, translucent, of a gray or bluish color, and emits a creaking sound when incised.
Sciscitation	The act of inquiring; inquiry; demand.
Scise	To cut; to penetrate.
Scissel	The clippings of metals made in various mechanical operations.
Scissel	The slips or plates of metal out of which circular blanks have been cut for the purpose of coinage.
Scissible	Capable of being cut or divided by a sharp instrument.
Scissil	See Scissel.
Scissile	Capable of being cut smoothly; scissible.
Scission	The act of dividing with an instrument having a sharp edge.
Scissiparity	Reproduction by fission.
Scissor	To cut with scissors or shears; to prepare with the aid of scissors.
Scissors	A cutting instrument resembling shears, but smaller, consisting of two cutting blades with handles, movable on a pin in the center, by which they are held together. Often called a pair of scissors.
Scissorsbill	See Skimmer.
Scissorstail	A tyrant flycatcher (Milvulus forficatus) of the Southern United States and Mexico, which has a deeply forked tail. It is light gray above, white beneath, salmon on the flanks, and fiery red at the base of the crown feathers.
Scissors-tailed	Having the outer feathers much the longest, the others decreasing regularly to the median ones.
Scissure	A longitudinal opening in a body, made by cutting; a cleft; a fissure.
Scitamineous	Of or pertaining to a natural order of plants (Scitamineae), mostly tropical herbs, including the ginger, Indian shot, banana, and the plants producing turmeric and arrowroot.
Sciurine	Of or pertaining to the Squirrel family.
Sciurine	A rodent of the Squirrel family.
Sciuroid	Resembling the tail of a squirrel; -- generally said of branches which are close and dense, or of spikes of grass like barley.
Sciuromorpha	A tribe of rodents containing the squirrels and allied animals, such as the gophers, woodchucks, beavers, and others.
Sciurus	A genus of rodents comprising the common squirrels.
Sclaundre	Slander.
Sclav	Alt. of Sclave
Sclave	Same as Slav.
Sclavic	Same as Slavic.
Sclavism	Same as Slavism.
Sclavonian	Same as Slavonian.
Sclavonic	Same as Slavonic.
Sclender	Slender.
Scleragogy	Severe discipline.
Sclerema	Induration of the cellular tissue.
Sclerenchyma	Vegetable tissue composed of short cells with thickened or hardened walls, as in nutshells and the gritty parts of a pear. See Sclerotic.
Sclerenchyma	The hard calcareous deposit in the tissues of Anthozoa, constituting the stony corals.
Sclerenchymatous	Pertaining to, or composed of, sclerenchyma.
Sclerenchyme	Sclerenchyma.
Scleriasis	A morbid induration of the edge of the eyelid.
Scleriasis	Induration of any part, including scleroderma.
Sclerite	A hard chitinous or calcareous process or corpuscle, especially a spicule of the Alcyonaria.
Scleritis	See Sclerotitis.
Sclerobase	The calcareous or hornlike coral forming the central stem or axis of most compound alcyonarians; -- called also foot secretion. See Illust. under Gorgoniacea, and Coenenchyma.
Scleroderm	One of a tribe of plectognath fishes (Sclerodermi) having the skin covered with hard scales, or plates, as the cowfish and the trunkfish.
Scleroderm	One of the Sclerodermata.
Scleroderm	Hardened, or bony, integument of various animals.
Scleroderma	A disease of adults, characterized by a diffuse rigidity and hardness of the skin.
Sclerodermata	The stony corals; the Madreporaria.
Sclerodermic	Alt. of Sclerodermous
Sclerodermous	Having the integument, or skin, hard, or covered with hard plates.
Sclerodermous	Of or pertaining to the Sclerodermata.
Sclerodermite	The hard integument of Crustacea.
Sclerodermite	Sclerenchyma.
Sclerogen	The thickening matter of woody cells; lignin.
Sclerogenous	Making or secreting a hard substance; becoming hard.
Scleroid	Having a hard texture, as nutshells.
Scleroma	Induration of the tissues. See Sclerema, Scleroderma, and Sclerosis.
Sclerometer	An instrument for determining with accuracy the degree of hardness of a mineral.
Sclerosed	Affected with sclerosis.
Sclerosis	Induration; hardening; especially, that form of induration produced in an organ by increase of its interstitial connective tissue.
Sclerosis	Hardening of the cell wall by lignification.
Scleroskeleton	That part of the skeleton which is developed in tendons, ligaments, and aponeuroses.
Sclerotal	Sclerotic.
Sclerotal	The optic capsule; the sclerotic coat of the eye.
Sclerotic	Hard; firm; indurated; -- applied especially in anatomy to the firm outer coat of the eyeball, which is often cartilaginous and sometimes bony.
Sclerotic	Of or pertaining to the sclerotic coat of the eye; sclerotical.
Sclerotic	Affected with sclerosis; sclerosed.
Sclerotic	The sclerotic coat of the eye. See Illust. of Eye (d).
Sclerotic	Pertaining to, or designating, an acid obtained from ergot or the sclerotium of a fungus growing on rye.
Sclerotical	Sclerotic.
Sclerotitis	Inflammation of the sclerotic coat.
Sclerotia	of Sclerotium
Sclerotium	A hardened body formed by certain fungi, as by the Claviceps purpurea, which produces ergot.
Sclerotium	The mature or resting stage of a plasmodium.
Sclerotome	One of the bony, cartilaginous, or membranous partitions which separate the myotomes.
Sclerous	Hard; indurated; sclerotic.
Scoat	To prop; to scotch.
Scobby	The chaffinch.
Scobiform	Having the form of, or resembling, sawdust or raspings.
Scobs	Raspings of ivory, hartshorn, metals, or other hard substance.
Scobs	The dross of metals.
Scoff	Derision; ridicule; mockery; derisive or mocking expression of scorn, contempt, or reproach.
Scoff	An object of scorn, mockery, or derision.
Scoffed	of Scoff
Scoffing	of Scoff
Scoff	To show insolent ridicule or mockery; to manifest contempt by derisive acts or language; -- often with at.
Scoff	To treat or address with derision; to assail scornfully; to mock at.
Scoffer	One who scoffs.
Scoffery	The act of scoffing; scoffing conduct; mockery.
Scoffingly	In a scoffing manner.
Scoke	Poke (Phytolacca decandra).
Scolay	See Scoley.
Scolded	of Scold
Scolding	of Scold
Scold	To find fault or rail with rude clamor; to brawl; to utter harsh, rude, boisterous rebuke; to chide sharply or coarsely; -- often with at; as, to scold at a servant.
Scold	To chide with rudeness and clamor; to rate; also, to rebuke or reprove with severity.
Scold	One who scolds, or makes a practice of scolding; esp., a rude, clamorous woman; a shrew.
Scold	A scolding; a brawl.
Scolder	One who scolds.
Scolder	The oyster catcher; -- so called from its shrill cries.
Scolder	The old squaw.
Scolding	a. & n. from Scold, v.
Scoldingly	In a scolding manner.
Scole	School.
Scolecida	Same as Helminthes.
Scolecite	A zeolitic mineral occuring in delicate radiating groups of white crystals. It is a hydrous silicate of alumina and lime. Called also lime mesotype.
Scolecomorpha	Same as Scolecida.
Scoleces	of Scolex
Scolex	The embryo produced directly from the egg in a metagenetic series, especially the larva of a tapeworm or other parasitic worm. See Illust. of Echinococcus.
Scolex	One of the Scolecida.
Scoley	To go to school; to study.
Scoliosis	A lateral curvature of the spine.
Scolithus	A tubular structure found in Potsdam sandstone, and believed to be the fossil burrow of a marine worm.
Scollop	See Scallop.
Scolopacine	Of or pertaining to the Scolopacidae, or Snipe family.
Scolopendra	A genus of venomous myriapods including the centipeds. See Centiped.
Scolopendra	A sea fish.
Scolopendrine	Like or pertaining to the Scolopendra.
Scolytid	Any one of numerous species of small bark-boring beetles of the genus Scolytus and allied genera. Also used adjectively.
Scomber	A genus of acanthopterygious fishes which includes the common mackerel.
Scomberoid	Same as Scombroid.
Scombriformes	A division of fishes including the mackerels, tunnies, and allied fishes.
Scombroid	Like or pertaining to the Mackerel family.
Scombroid	Any fish of the family Scombridae, of which the mackerel (Scomber) is the type.
Scomfish	To suffocate or stifle; to smother.
Scomfit	Discomfit.
Scomm	A buffoon.
Scomm	A flout; a jeer; a gibe; a taunt.
Sconce	A fortification, or work for defense; a fort.
Sconce	A hut for protection and shelter; a stall.
Sconce	A piece of armor for the head; headpiece; helmet.
Sconce	Fig.: The head; the skull; also, brains; sense; discretion.
Sconce	A poll tax; a mulct or fine.
Sconce	A protection for a light; a lantern or cased support for a candle; hence, a fixed hanging or projecting candlestick.
Sconce	Hence, the circular tube, with a brim, in a candlestick, into which the candle is inserted.
Sconce	A squinch.
Sconce	A fragment of a floe of ice.
Sconce	A fixed seat or shelf.
Sconced	of Sconce
Sconcing	of Sconce
Sconce	To shut up in a sconce; to imprison; to insconce.
Sconce	To mulct; to fine.
Sconcheon	A squinch.
Scone	A cake, thinner than a bannock, made of wheat or barley or oat meal.
Scoop	A large ladle; a vessel with a long handle, used for dipping liquids; a utensil for bailing boats.
Scoop	A deep shovel, or any similar implement for digging out and dipping or shoveling up anything; as, a flour scoop; the scoop of a dredging machine.
Scoop	A spoon-shaped instrument, used in extracting certain substances or foreign bodies.
Scoop	A place hollowed out; a basinlike cavity; a hollow.
Scoop	A sweep; a stroke; a swoop.
Scoop	The act of scooping, or taking with a scoop or ladle; a motion with a scoop, as in dipping or shoveling.
Scooped	of Scoop
Scooping	of Scoop
Scoop	To take out or up with, a scoop; to lade out.
Scoop	To empty by lading; as, to scoop a well dry.
Scoop	To make hollow, as a scoop or dish; to excavate; to dig out; to form by digging or excavation.
Scooper	One who, or that which, scoops.
Scooper	The avocet; -- so called because it scoops up the mud to obtain food.
Scoot	To walk fast; to go quickly; to run hastily away.
Scoparin	A yellow gelatinous or crystalline substance found in broom (Cytisus scoparius) accompanying sparteine.
Scopate	Having the surface closely covered with hairs, like a brush.
-scope	A combining form usually signifying an instrument for viewing (with the eye) or observing (in any way); as in microscope, telescope, altoscope, anemoscope.
Scope	That at which one aims; the thing or end to which the mind directs its view; that which is purposed to be reached or accomplished; hence, ultimate design, aim, or purpose; intention; drift; object.
Scope	Room or opportunity for free outlook or aim; space for action; amplitude of opportunity; free course or vent; liberty; range of view, intent, or action.
Scope	Extended area.
Scope	Length; extent; sweep; as, scope of cable.
Scope	To look at for the purpose of evaluation; usually with out; as, to scope out the area as a camping site.
Scopeline	Scopeloid.
Scopeloid	Like or pertaining to fishes of the genus Scopelus, or family Scopelodae, which includes many small oceanic fishes, most of which are phosphorescent.
Scopeloid	Any fish of the family Scopelidae.
Scopiferous	Bearing a tuft of brushlike hairs.
Scopiform	Having the form of a broom or besom.
Scopiped	Same as Scopuliped.
Scoppet	To lade or dip out.
Scops owl	Any one of numerous species of small owls of the genus Scops having ear tufts like those of the horned owls, especially the European scops owl (Scops giu), and the American screech owl (S. asio).
Scoptic	Alt. of Scoptical
Scoptical	Jesting; jeering; scoffing.
Scopulas	of Scopula
Scopulae	of Scopula
Scopula	A peculiar brushlike organ found on the foot of spiders and used in the construction of the web.
Scopula	A special tuft of hairs on the leg of a bee.
Scopuliped	Any species of bee which has on the hind legs a brush of hairs used for collecting pollen, as the hive bees and bumblebees.
Scopulous	Full of rocks; rocky.
Scorbute	Scurvy.
Scorbutic	Alt. of Scorbutical
Scorbutical	Of or pertaining to scurvy; of the nature of, or resembling, scurvy; diseased with scurvy; as, a scorbutic person; scorbutic complaints or symptoms.
Scorbutus	Scurvy.
Scorce	Barter.
Scorched	of Scorch
Scorching	of Scorch
Scorch	To burn superficially; to parch, or shrivel, the surface of, by heat; to subject to so much heat as changes color and texture without consuming; as, to scorch linen.
Scorch	To affect painfully with heat, or as with heat; to dry up with heat; to affect as by heat.
Scorch	To burn; to destroy by, or as by, fire.
Scorch	To be burnt on the surface; to be parched; to be dried up.
Scorch	To burn or be burnt.
Scorching	Burning; parching or shriveling with heat.
Score	A notch or incision; especially, one that is made as a tally mark; hence, a mark, or line, made for the purpose of account.
Score	An account or reckoning; account of dues; bill; hence, indebtedness.
Score	Account; reason; motive; sake; behalf.
Score	The number twenty, as being marked off by a special score or tally; hence, in pl., a large number.
Score	A distance of twenty yards; -- a term used in ancient archery and gunnery.
Score	A weight of twenty pounds.
Score	The number of points gained by the contestants, or either of them, in any game, as in cards or cricket.
Score	A line drawn; a groove or furrow.
Score	The original and entire draught, or its transcript, of a composition, with the parts for all the different instruments or voices written on staves one above another, so that they can be read at a glance; -- so called from the bar, which, in its early use, was drawn through all the parts.
Scored	of Score
Scoring	of Score
Score	To mark with lines, scratches, or notches; to cut notches or furrows in; to notch; to scratch; to furrow; as, to score timber for hewing; to score the back with a lash.
Score	Especially, to mark with significant lines or notches, for indicating or keeping account of something; as, to score a tally.
Score	To mark or signify by lines or notches; to keep record or account of; to set down; to record; to charge.
Score	To engrave, as upon a shield.
Score	To make a score of, as points, runs, etc., in a game.
Score	To write down in proper order and arrangement; as, to score an overture for an orchestra. See Score, n., 9.
Score	To mark with parallel lines or scratches; as, the rocks of New England and the Western States were scored in the drift epoch.
Scorer	One who, or that which, scores.
Scoriae	of Scoria
Scoria	The recrement of metals in fusion, or the slag rejected after the reduction of metallic ores; dross.
Scoria	Cellular slaggy lava; volcanic cinders.
Scoriac	Scoriaceous.
Scoriaceous	Of or pertaining to scoria; like scoria or the recrement of metals; partaking of the nature of scoria.
Scorie	The young of any gull.
Scorification	The act, process, or result of scorifying, or reducing to a slag; hence, the separation from earthy matter by means of a slag; as, the scorification of ores.
Scorifier	One who, or that which, scorifies; specifically, a small flat bowl-shaped cup used in the first heating in assaying, to remove the earth and gangue, and to concentrate the gold and silver in a lead button.
Scoriform	In the form of scoria.
Scorified	of Scorify
Scorifying	of Scorify
Scorify	To reduce to scoria or slag; specifically, in assaying, to fuse so as to separate the gangue and earthy material, with borax, lead, soda, etc., thus leaving the gold and silver in a lead button; hence, to separate from, or by means of, a slag.
Scorious	Scoriaceous.
Scorn	Extreme and lofty contempt; haughty disregard; that disdain which springs from the opinion of the utter meanness and unworthiness of an object.
Scorn	An act or expression of extreme contempt.
Scorn	An object of extreme disdain, contempt, or derision.
Scorned	of Scorn
Scoring	of Scorn
Scorn	To hold in extreme contempt; to reject as unworthy of regard; to despise; to contemn; to disdain.
Scorn	To treat with extreme contempt; to make the object of insult; to mock; to scoff at; to deride.
Scorn	To scoff; to mock; to show contumely, derision, or reproach; to act disdainfully.
Scorner	One who scorns; a despiser; a contemner; specifically, a scoffer at religion.
Scornful	Full of scorn or contempt; contemptuous; disdainful.
Scornful	Treated with scorn; exciting scorn.
Scorny	Deserving scorn; paltry.
Scorodite	A leek-green or brownish mineral occurring in orthorhombic crystals. It is a hydrous arseniate of iron.
Scorpaenoid	Of or pertaining to the family Scorpaenidae, which includes the scorpene, the rosefish, the California rockfishes, and many other food fishes. [Written also scorpaenid.] See Illust. under Rockfish.
Scorpene	A marine food fish of the genus Scorpaena, as the European hogfish (S. scrofa), and the California species (S. guttata).
Scorper	Same as Scauper.
Scorpiones	of Scorpio
Scorpio	A scorpion.
Scorpio	The eighth sign of the zodiac, which the sun enters about the twenty-third day of October, marked thus [/] in almanacs.
Scorpio	A constellation of the zodiac containing the bright star Antares. It is drawn on the celestial globe in the figure of a scorpion.
Scorpiodea	Same as Scorpiones.
Scorpioid	Alt. of Scorpioidal
Scorpioidal	Having the inflorescence curved or circinate at the end, like a scorpion's tail.
Scorpion	Any one of numerous species of pulmonate arachnids of the order Scorpiones, having a suctorial mouth, large claw-bearing palpi, and a caudal sting.
Scorpion	The pine or gray lizard (Sceloporus undulatus).
Scorpion	The scorpene.
Scorpion	A painful scourge.
Scorpion	A sign and constellation. See Scorpio.
Scorpion	An ancient military engine for hurling stones and other missiles.
Scorpiones	A division of arachnids comprising the scorpions.
Scorpionidea	Same as Scorpiones.
Scorpionwort	A leguminous plant (Ornithopus scorpioides) of Southern Europe, having slender curved pods.
Scorse	Barter; exchange; trade.
Scorse	To barter or exchange.
Scorse	To chase.
Scorse	To deal for the purchase of anything; to practice barter.
Scortatory	Pertaining to lewdness or fornication; lewd.
Scot	A name for a horse.
Scot	A native or inhabitant of Scotland; a Scotsman, or Scotchman.
Scot	A portion of money assessed or paid; a tax or contribution; a mulct; a fine; a shot.
Scotal	Alt. of Scotale
Scotale	The keeping of an alehouse by an officer of a forest, and drawing people to spend their money for liquor, for fear of his displeasure.
Scotch	Of or pertaining to Scotland, its language, or its inhabitants; Scottish.
Scotch	The dialect or dialects of English spoken by the people of Scotland.
Scotch	Collectively, the people of Scotland.
Scotched	of Scotch
Scotching	of Scotch
Scotch	To shoulder up; to prop or block with a wedge, chock, etc., as a wheel, to prevent its rolling or slipping.
Scotch	A chock, wedge, prop, or other support, to prevent slipping; as, a scotch for a wheel or a log on inclined ground.
Scotch	To cut superficially; to wound; to score.
Scotch	A slight cut or incision; a score.
Scotch-hopper	Hopscotch.
Scotching	Dressing stone with a pick or pointed instrument.
Scotchmen	of Scotchman
Scotchman	A native or inhabitant of Scotland; a Scot; a Scotsman.
Scotchman	A piece of wood or stiff hide placed over shrouds and other rigging to prevent chafe by the running gear.
Scoter	Any one of several species of northern sea ducks of the genus Oidemia.
Scot-free	Free from payment of scot; untaxed; hence, unhurt; clear; safe.
Scoth	To clothe or cover up.
Scotia	A concave molding used especially in classical architecture.
Scotia	Scotland
Scotist	A follower of (Joannes) Duns Scotus, the Franciscan scholastic (d. 1308), who maintained certain doctrines in philosophy and theology, in opposition to the Thomists, or followers of Thomas Aquinas, the Dominican scholastic.
Scotograph	An instrument for writing in the dark, or without seeing.
Scotoma	Scotomy.
Scotomy	Dizziness with dimness of sight.
Scotomy	Obscuration of the field of vision due to the appearance of a dark spot before the eye.
Scotoscope	An instrument that discloses objects in the dark or in a faint light.
Scots	Of or pertaining to the Scotch; Scotch; Scottish; as, Scots law; a pound Scots (1s. 8d.).
Scotsman	See Scotchman.
Scottering	The burning of a wad of pease straw at the end of harvest.
Scotticism	An idiom, or mode of expression, peculiar to Scotland or Scotchmen.
Scotticize	To cause to become like the Scotch; to make Scottish.
Scottish	Of or pertaining to the inhabitants of Scotland, their country, or their language; as, Scottish industry or economy; a Scottish chief; a Scottish dialect.
Scoundrel	A mean, worthless fellow; a rascal; a villain; a man without honor or virtue.
Scoundrel	Low; base; mean; unprincipled.
Scoundreldom	The domain or sphere of scoundrels; scoundrels, collectively; the state, ideas, or practices of scoundrels.
Scoundrelism	The practices or conduct of a scoundrel; baseness; rascality.
Scoured	of Scour
Scouring	of Scour
Scour	To rub hard with something rough, as sand or Bristol brick, especially for the purpose of cleaning; to clean by friction; to make clean or bright; to cleanse from grease, dirt, etc., as articles of dress.
Scour	To purge; as, to scour a horse.
Scour	To remove by rubbing or cleansing; to sweep along or off; to carry away or remove, as by a current of water; -- often with off or away.
Scour	To pass swiftly over; to brush along; to traverse or search thoroughly; as, to scour the coast.
Scour	To clean anything by rubbing.
Scour	To cleanse anything.
Scour	To be purged freely; to have a diarrhoea.
Scour	To run swiftly; to rove or range in pursuit or search of something; to scamper.
Scour	Diarrhoea or dysentery among cattle.
Scourage	Refuse water after scouring.
Scourer	One who, or that which, scours.
Scourer	A rover or footpad; a prowling robber.
Scourge	A lash; a strap or cord; especially, a lash used to inflict pain or punishment; an instrument of punishment or discipline; a whip.
Scourge	Hence, a means of inflicting punishment, vengeance, or suffering; an infliction of affliction; a punishment.
Scourged	of Scourge
Scourging	of Scourge
Scourge	To whip severely; to lash.
Scourge	To punish with severity; to chastise; to afflict, as for sins or faults, and with the purpose of correction.
Scourge	To harass or afflict severely.
Scourger	One who scourges or punishes; one who afflicts severely.
Scourse	See Scorse.
Scouse	A sailor's dish. Bread scouse contains no meat; lobscouse contains meat, etc. See Lobscouse.
Scout	A swift sailing boat.
Scout	A projecting rock.
Scout	To reject with contempt, as something absurd; to treat with ridicule; to flout; as, to scout an idea or an apology.
Scout	A person sent out to gain and bring in tidings; especially, one employed in war to gain information of the movements and condition of an enemy.
Scout	A college student's or undergraduate's servant; -- so called in Oxford, England; at Cambridge called a gyp; and at Dublin, a skip.
Scout	A fielder in a game for practice.
Scout	The act of scouting or reconnoitering.
Scouted	of Scout
Scouting	of Scout
Scout	To observe, watch, or look for, as a scout; to follow for the purpose of observation, as a scout.
Scout	To pass over or through, as a scout; to reconnoiter; as, to scout a country.
Scout	To go on the business of scouting, or watching the motions of an enemy; to act as a scout.
Scovel	A mop for sweeping ovens; a malkin.
Scow	A large flat-bottomed boat, having broad, square ends.
Scow	To transport in a scow.
Scowled	of Scowl
Scowling	of Scowl
Scowl	To wrinkle the brows, as in frowning or displeasure; to put on a frowning look; to look sour, sullen, severe, or angry.
Scowl	Hence, to look gloomy, dark, or threatening; to lower.
Scowl	To look at or repel with a scowl or a frown.
Scowl	To express by a scowl; as, to scowl defiance.
Scowl	The wrinkling of the brows or face in frowing; the expression of displeasure, sullenness, or discontent in the countenance; an angry frown.
Scowl	Hence, gloom; dark or threatening aspect.
Scowlingly	In a scowling manner.
Scrabbed eggs	A Lenten dish, composed of eggs boiled hard, chopped, and seasoned with butter, salt, and pepper.
Scrabbled	of Scrabble
Scrabbling	of Scrabble
Scrabble	To scrape, paw, or scratch with the hands; to proceed by clawing with the hands and feet; to scramble; as, to scrabble up a cliff or a tree.
Scrabble	To make irregular, crooked, or unmeaning marks; to scribble; to scrawl.
Scrabble	To mark with irregular lines or letters; to scribble; as, to scrabble paper.
Scrabble	The act of scrabbling; a moving upon the hands and knees; a scramble; also, a scribble.
Scraber	The Manx shearwater.
Scraber	The black guillemot.
Scraffle	To scramble or struggle; to wrangle; also, to be industrious.
Scrag	Something thin, lean, or rough; a bony piece; especially, a bony neckpiece of meat; hence, humorously or in contempt, the neck.
Scrag	A rawboned person.
Scrag	A ragged, stunted tree or branch.
Scragged	Rough with irregular points, or a broken surface; scraggy; as, a scragged backbone.
Scragged	Lean and rough; scraggy.
Scraggedness	Quality or state of being scragged.
Scraggily	In a scraggy manner.
Scragginess	The quality or state of being scraggy; scraggedness.
Scraggy	Rough with irregular points; scragged.
Scraggy	Lean and rough; scragged.
Scragly	See Scraggy.
Scrag-necked	Having a scraggy neck.
Scrambled	of Scramble
Scrambling	of Scramble
Scramble	To clamber with hands and knees; to scrabble; as, to scramble up a cliff; to scramble over the rocks.
Scramble	To struggle eagerly with others for something thrown upon the ground; to go down upon all fours to seize something; to catch rudely at what is desired.
Scramble	To collect by scrambling; as, to scramble up wealth.
Scramble	To prepare (eggs) as a dish for the table, by stirring the yolks and whites together while cooking.
Scramble	The act of scrambling, climbing on all fours, or clambering.
Scramble	The act of jostling and pushing for something desired; eager and unceremonious struggle for what is thrown or held out; as, a scramble for office.
Scrambler	One who scrambles; one who climbs on all fours.
Scrambler	A greedy and unceremonious contestant.
Scrambling	Confused and irregular; awkward; scambling.
Scranched	of Scranch
Scranching	of Scranch
Scranch	To grind with the teeth, and with a crackling sound; to craunch.
Scranky	Thin; lean.
Scrannel	Slight; thin; lean; poor.
Scranny	Thin; lean; meager; scrawny; scrannel.
Scrap	Something scraped off; hence, a small piece; a bit; a fragment; a detached, incomplete portion.
Scrap	Specifically, a fragment of something written or printed; a brief excerpt; an unconnected extract.
Scrap	The crisp substance that remains after drying out animal fat; as, pork scraps.
Scrap	Same as Scrap iron, below.
Scrapbook	A blank book in which extracts cut from books and papers may be pasted and kept.
Scraped	of Scrape
Scraping	of Scrape
Scrape	To rub over the surface of (something) with a sharp or rough instrument; to rub over with something that roughens by removing portions of the surface; to grate harshly over; to abrade; to make even, or bring to a required condition or form, by moving the sharp edge of an instrument breadthwise over the surface with pressure, cutting away excesses and superfluous parts; to make smooth or clean; as, to scrape a bone with a knife; to scrape a metal plate to an even surface.
Scrape	To remove by rubbing or scraping (in the sense above).
Scrape	To collect by, or as by, a process of scraping; to gather in small portions by laborious effort; hence, to acquire avariciously and save penuriously; -- often followed by together or up; as, to scrape money together.
Scrape	To express disapprobation of, as a play, or to silence, as a speaker, by drawing the feet back and forth upon the floor; -- usually with down.
Scrape	To rub over the surface of anything with something which roughens or removes it, or which smooths or cleans it; to rub harshly and noisily along.
Scrape	To occupy one's self with getting laboriously; as, he scraped and saved until he became rich.
Scrape	To play awkwardly and inharmoniously on a violin or like instrument.
Scrape	To draw back the right foot along the ground or floor when making a bow.
Scrape	The act of scraping; also, the effect of scraping, as a scratch, or a harsh sound; as, a noisy scrape on the floor; a scrape of a pen.
Scrape	A drawing back of the right foot when bowing; also, a bow made with that accompaniment.
Scrape	A disagreeable and embarrassing predicament out of which one can not get without undergoing, as it were, a painful rubbing or scraping; a perplexity; a difficulty.
Scrapepenny	One who gathers and hoards money in trifling sums; a miser.
Scraper	An instrument with which anything is scraped.
Scraper	An instrument by which the soles of shoes are cleaned from mud and the like, by drawing them across it.
Scraper	An instrument drawn by oxen or horses, used for scraping up earth in making or repairing roads, digging cellars, canals etc.
Scraper	An instrument having two or three sharp sides or edges, for cleaning the planks, masts, or decks of a ship.
Scraper	In the printing press, a board, or blade, the edge of which is made to rub over the tympan sheet and thus produce the impression.
Scraper	One who scrapes.
Scraper	One who plays awkwardly on a violin.
Scraper	One who acquires avariciously and saves penuriously.
Scraping	The act of scraping; the act or process of making even, or reducing to the proper form, by means of a scraper.
Scraping	Something scraped off; that which is separated from a substance, or is collected by scraping; as, the scraping of the street.
Scraping	Resembling the act of, or the effect produced by, one who, or that which, scrapes; as, a scraping noise; a scraping miser.
Scrappily	In a scrappy manner; in scraps.
Scrappy	Consisting of scraps; fragmentary; lacking unity or consistency; as, a scrappy lecture.
Scrat	To scratch.
Scrat	To rake; to search.
Scrat	An hermaphrodite.
Scratched	of Scratch
Scratching	of Scratch
Scratch	To rub and tear or mark the surface of with something sharp or ragged; to scrape, roughen, or wound slightly by drawing something pointed or rough across, as the claws, the nails, a pin, or the like.
Scratch	To write or draw hastily or awkwardly.
Scratch	To cancel by drawing one or more lines through, as the name of a candidate upon a ballot, or of a horse in a list; hence, to erase; to efface; -- often with out.
Scratch	To dig or excavate with the claws; as, some animals scratch holes, in which they burrow.
Scratch	To use the claws or nails in tearing or in digging; to make scratches.
Scratch	To score, not by skillful play but by some fortunate chance of the game.
Scratch	A break in the surface of a thing made by scratching, or by rubbing with anything pointed or rough; a slight wound, mark, furrow, or incision.
Scratch	A line across the prize ring; up to which boxers are brought when they join fight; hence, test, trial, or proof of courage; as, to bring to the scratch; to come up to the scratch.
Scratch	Minute, but tender and troublesome, excoriations, covered with scabs, upon the heels of horses which have been used where it is very wet or muddy.
Scratch	A kind of wig covering only a portion of the head.
Scratch	A shot which scores by chance and not as intended by the player; a fluke.
Scratch	Made, done, or happening by chance; arranged with little or no preparation; determined by circumstances; haphazard; as, a scratch team; a scratch crew for a boat race; a scratch shot in billiards.
Scratchback	A toy which imitates the sound of tearing cloth, -- used by drawing it across the back of unsuspecting persons.
Scratchbrush	A stiff wire brush for cleaning iron castings and other metal.
Scratch coat	The first coat in plastering; -- called also scratchwork. See Pricking-up.
Scratcher	One who, or that which, scratches; specifically (Zool.), any rasorial bird.
Scratching	With the action of scratching.
Scratchweed	Cleavers.
Scratchwork	See Scratch coat.
Scratchy	Characterized by scratches.
Scraw	A turf.
Scrawl	See Crawl.
Scrawled	of Scrawl
Scrawling	of Scrawl
Scrawl	To draw or mark awkwardly and irregularly; to write hastily and carelessly; to scratch; to scribble; as, to scrawl a letter.
Scrawl	To write unskillfully and inelegantly.
Scrawl	Unskillful or inelegant writing; that which is unskillfully or inelegantly written.
Scrawler	One who scrawls; a hasty, awkward writer.
Scrawny	Meager; thin; rawboned; bony; scranny.
Scray	A tern; the sea swallow.
Screable	Capable of being spit out.
Screaked	of Screak
Screaking	of Screak
Screak	To utter suddenly a sharp, shrill sound; to screech; to creak, as a door or wheel.
Screak	A creaking; a screech; a shriek.
Screamed	of Scream
Screaming	of Scream
Scream	To cry out with a shrill voice; to utter a sudden, sharp outcry, or shrill, loud cry, as in fright or extreme pain; to shriek; to screech.
Scream	A sharp, shrill cry, uttered suddenly, as in terror or in pain; a shriek; a screech.
Screamer	Any one of three species of South American birds constituting the family Anhimidae, and the suborder Palamedeae. They have two spines on each wing, and the head is either crested or horned. They are easily tamed, and then serve as guardians for other poultry. The crested screamers, or chajas, belong to the genus Chauna. The horned screamer, or kamichi, is Palamedea cornuta.
Screaming	Uttering screams; shrieking.
Screaming	Having the nature of a scream; like a scream; shrill; sharp.
Scree	A pebble; a stone; also, a heap of stones or rocky debris.
Screeched	of Screech
Screeching	of Screech
Screech	To utter a harsh, shrill cry; to make a sharp outcry, as in terror or acute pain; to scream; to shriek.
Screech	A harsh, shrill cry, as of one in acute pain or in fright; a shriek; a scream.
Screechers	The picarian birds, as distinguished from the singing birds.
Screechy	Like a screech; shrill and harsh.
Screed	A strip of plaster of the thickness proposed for the coat, applied to the wall at intervals of four or five feet, as a guide.
Screed	A wooden straightedge used to lay across the plaster screed, as a limit for the thickness of the coat.
Screed	A fragment; a portion; a shred.
Screed	A breach or rent; a breaking forth into a loud, shrill sound; as, martial screeds.
Screed	An harangue; a long tirade on any subject.
Screen	Anything that separates or cuts off inconvenience, injury, or danger; that which shelters or conceals from view; a shield or protection; as, a fire screen.
Screen	A dwarf wall or partition carried up to a certain height for separation and protection, as in a church, to separate the aisle from the choir, or the like.
Screen	A surface, as that afforded by a curtain, sheet, wall, etc., upon which an image, as a picture, is thrown by a magic lantern, solar microscope, etc.
Screen	A long, coarse riddle or sieve, sometimes a revolving perforated cylinder, used to separate the coarser from the finer parts, as of coal, sand, gravel, and the like.
Screened	of Screen
Screening	of Screen
Screen	To provide with a shelter or means of concealment; to separate or cut off from inconvenience, injury, or danger; to shelter; to protect; to protect by hiding; to conceal; as, fruits screened from cold winds by a forest or hill.
Screen	To pass, as coal, gravel, ashes, etc., through a screen in order to separate the coarse from the fine, or the worthless from the valuable; to sift.
Screenings	The refuse left after screening sand, coal, ashes, etc.
Screw	A cylinder, or a cylindrical perforation, having a continuous rib, called the thread, winding round it spirally at a constant inclination, so as to leave a continuous spiral groove between one turn and the next, -- used chiefly for producing, when revolved, motion or pressure in the direction of its axis, by the sliding of the threads of the cylinder in the grooves between the threads of the perforation adapted to it, the former being distinguished as the external, or male screw, or, more usually the screw; the latter as the internal, or female screw, or, more usually, the nut.
Screw	Specifically, a kind of nail with a spiral thread and a head with a nick to receive the end of the screw-driver. Screws are much used to hold together pieces of wood or to fasten something; -- called also wood screws, and screw nails. See also Screw bolt, below.
Screw	Anything shaped or acting like a screw; esp., a form of wheel for propelling steam vessels. It is placed at the stern, and furnished with blades having helicoidal surfaces to act against the water in the manner of a screw. See Screw propeller, below.
Screw	A steam vesel propelled by a screw instead of wheels; a screw steamer; a propeller.
Screw	An extortioner; a sharp bargainer; a skinflint; a niggard.
Screw	An instructor who examines with great or unnecessary severity; also, a searching or strict examination of a student by an instructor.
Screw	A small packet of tobacco.
Screw	An unsound or worn-out horse, useful as a hack, and commonly of good appearance.
Screw	A straight line in space with which a definite linear magnitude termed the pitch is associated (cf. 5th Pitch, 10 (b)). It is used to express the displacement of a rigid body, which may always be made to consist of a rotation about an axis combined with a translation parallel to that axis.
Screw	An amphipod crustacean; as, the skeleton screw (Caprella). See Sand screw, under Sand.
Screwed	of Screw
Screwing	of Screw
Screw	To turn, as a screw; to apply a screw to; to press, fasten, or make firm, by means of a screw or screws; as, to screw a lock on a door; to screw a press.
Screw	To force; to squeeze; to press, as by screws.
Screw	Hence: To practice extortion upon; to oppress by unreasonable or extortionate exactions.
Screw	To twist; to distort; as, to screw his visage.
Screw	To examine rigidly, as a student; to subject to a severe examination.
Screw	To use violent mans in making exactions; to be oppressive or exacting.
Screw	To turn one's self uneasily with a twisting motion; as, he screws about in his chair.
Screw-cutting	Adapted for forming a screw by cutting; as, a screw-cutting lathe.
Screw-driver	A tool for turning screws so as to drive them into their place. It has a thin end which enters the nick in the head of the screw.
Screwer	One who, or that which, screws.
Screwing	a. & n. from Screw, v. t.
Scribable	Capable of being written, or of being written upon.
Scribatious	Skillful in, or fond of, writing.
Scribbet	A painter's pencil.
Scribble	To card coarsely; to run through the scribbling machine.
Scribbled	of Scribble
Scribbling	of Scribble
Scribble	To write hastily or carelessly, without regard to correctness or elegance; as, to scribble a letter.
Scribble	To fill or cover with careless or worthless writing.
Scribble	To write without care, elegance, or value; to scrawl.
Scribble	Hasty or careless writing; a writing of little value; a scrawl; as, a hasty scribble.
Scribblement	A scribble.
Scribbler	One who scribbles; a petty author; a writer of no reputation; a literary hack.
Scribbler	A scribbling machine.
Scribbling	The act or process of carding coarsely.
Scribbling	Writing hastily or poorly.
Scribbling	The act of writing hastily or idly.
Scribblingly	In a scribbling manner.
Scribe	One who writes; a draughtsman; a writer for another; especially, an offical or public writer; an amanuensis or secretary; a notary; a copyist.
Scribe	A writer and doctor of the law; one skilled in the law and traditions; one who read and explained the law to the people.
Scribed	of Scribe
Scribing	of Scribe
Scribe	To write, engrave, or mark upon; to inscribe.
Scribe	To cut (anything) in such a way as to fit closely to a somewhat irregular surface, as a baseboard to a floor which is out of level, a board to the curves of a molding, or the like; -- so called because the workman marks, or scribe, with the compasses the line that he afterwards cuts.
Scribe	To score or mark with compasses or a scribing iron.
Scribe	To make a mark.
Scriber	A sharp-pointed tool, used by joiners for drawing lines on stuff; a marking awl.
Scribism	The character and opinions of a Jewish scribe in the time of Christ.
Scrid	A screed; a shred; a fragment.
Scriggle	To wriggle.
Scrim	A kind of light cotton or linen fabric, often woven in openwork patterns, -- used for curtains, etc,; -- called also India scrim.
Scrim	Thin canvas glued on the inside of panels to prevent shrinking, checking, etc.
Scrimer	A fencing master.
Scrimmage	Formerly, a skirmish; now, a general row or confused fight or struggle.
Scrimmage	The struggle in the rush lines after the ball is put in play.
Scrimped	of Scrimp
Scrimping	of Scrimp
Scrimp	To make too small or short; to limit or straiten; to put on short allowance; to scant; to contract; to shorten; as, to scrimp the pattern of a coat.
Scrimp	Short; scanty; curtailed.
Scrimp	A pinching miser; a niggard.
Scrimping	a. & n. from Scrimp, v. t.
Scrimpingly	In a scrimping manner.
Scrimpness	The state of being scrimp.
Scrimption	A small portion; a pittance; a little bit.
Scrimshaw	To ornament, as shells, ivory, etc., by engraving, and (usually) rubbing pigments into the incised lines.
Scrimshaw	A shell, a whale's tooth, or the like, that is scrimshawed.
Scrine	A chest, bookcase, or other place, where writings or curiosities are deposited; a shrine.
Scringed	of Scrine
Scringing	of Scrine
Scrine	To cringe.
Scrip	A small bag; a wallet; a satchel.
Scrip	A small writing, certificate, or schedule; a piece of paper containing a writing.
Scrip	A preliminary certificate of a subscription to the capital of a bank, railroad, or other company, or for a share of other joint property, or a loan, stating the amount of the subscription and the date of the payment of the installments; as, insurance scrip, consol scrip, etc.  When all the installments are paid, the scrip is exchanged for a bond share certificate.
Scrip	Paper fractional currency.
Scrippage	The contents of a scrip, or wallet.
Script	A writing; a written document.
Script	Type made in imitation of handwriting.
Script	An original instrument or document.
Script	Written characters; style of writing.
Scriptoria	of Scriptorium
Scriptorium	In an abbey or monastery, the room set apart for writing or copying manuscripts; in general, a room devoted to writing.
Scriptory	Of or pertaining to writing; expressed in writing; used in writing; as, scriptory wills; a scriptory reed.
Scriptural	Contained in the Scriptures; according to the Scriptures, or sacred oracles; biblical; as, a scriptural doctrine.
Scripturalism	The quality or state of being scriptural; literal adherence to the Scriptures.
Scripturalist	One who adheres literally to the Scriptures.
Scripturally	In a scriptural manner.
Scripturalness	Quality of being scriptural.
Scripture	Anything written; a writing; a document; an inscription.
Scripture	The books of the Old and the new Testament, or of either of them; the Bible; -- used by way of eminence or distinction, and chiefly in the plural.
Scripture	A passage from the Bible;; a text.
Scripturian	A Scripturist.
Scripturist	One who is strongly attached to, or versed in, the Scriptures, or who endeavors to regulate his life by them.
Scrit	Writing; document; scroll.
Scritch	A screech.
Scrivener	A professional writer; one whose occupation is to draw contracts or prepare writings.
Scrivener	One whose business is to place money at interest; a broker.
Scrivener	A writing master.
Scrobiculae	of Scrobicula
Scrobicula	One of the smooth areas surrounding the tubercles of a sea urchin.
Scrobicular	Pertaining to, or surrounding, scrobiculae; as, scrobicular tubercles.
Scrobiculate	Alt. of Scrobiculated
Scrobiculated	Having numerous small, shallow depressions or hollows; pitted.
Scrod	Alt. of Scrode
Scrode	A young codfish, especially when cut open on the back and dressed.
Scroddled ware	Mottled pottery made from scraps of differently colored clays.
Scrofula	A constitutional disease, generally hereditary, especially manifested by chronic enlargement and cheesy degeneration of the lymphatic glands, particularly those of the neck, and marked by a tendency to the development of chronic intractable inflammations of the skin, mucous membrane, bones, joints, and other parts, and by a diminution in the power of resistance to disease or injury and the capacity for recovery. Scrofula is now generally held to be tuberculous in character, and may develop into general or local tuberculosis (consumption).
Scrofulide	Any affection of the skin dependent on scrofula.
Scrofulous	Pertaining to scrofula, or partaking of its nature; as, scrofulous tumors; a scrofulous habit of body.
Scrofulous	Diseased or affected with scrofula.
Scrog	A stunted shrub, bush, or branch.
Scroggy	Abounding in scrog; also, twisted; stunted.
Scroll	A roll of paper or parchment; a writing formed into a roll; a schedule; a list.
Scroll	An ornament formed of undulations giving off spirals or sprays, usually suggestive of plant form. Roman architectural ornament is largely of some scroll pattern.
Scroll	A mark or flourish added to a person's signature, intended to represent a seal, and in some States allowed as a substitute for a seal.
Scroll	Same as Skew surface. See under Skew.
Scrolled	Formed like a scroll; contained in a scroll; adorned with scrolls; as, scrolled work.
Scrophularia	A genus of coarse herbs having small flowers in panicled cymes; figwort.
Scrophulariaceous	Of or pertaining to a very large natural order of gamopetalous plants (Scrophulariaceae, or Scrophularineae), usually having irregular didynamous flowers and a two-celled pod. The order includes the mullein, foxglove, snapdragon, figwort, painted cup, yellow rattle, and some exotic trees, as the Paulownia.
Scrotal	Of or pertaining to the scrotum; as, scrotal hernia.
Scrotiform	Purse-shaped; pouch-shaped.
Scrotocele	A rupture or hernia in the scrotum; scrotal hernia.
Scrotum	The bag or pouch which contains the testicles; the cod.
Scrouge	To crowd; to squeeze.
Scrow	A scroll.
Scrow	A clipping from skins; a currier's cuttings.
Scroyle	A mean fellow; a wretch.
Scrubbed	of Scrub
Scrubbing	of Scrub
Scrub	To rub hard; to wash with rubbing; usually, to rub with a wet brush, or with something coarse or rough, for the purpose of cleaning or brightening; as, to scrub a floor, a doorplate.
Scrub	To rub anything hard, especially with a wet brush; to scour; hence, to be diligent and penurious; as, to scrub hard for a living.
Scrub	One who labors hard and lives meanly; a mean fellow.
Scrub	Something small and mean.
Scrub	A worn-out brush.
Scrub	A thicket or jungle, often specified by the name of the prevailing plant; as, oak scrub, palmetto scrub, etc.
Scrub	One of the common live stock of a region of no particular breed or not of pure breed, esp. when inferior in size, etc.
Scrub	Mean; dirty; contemptible; scrubby.
Scrubbed	Dwarfed or stunted; scrubby.
Scrubber	One who, or that which, scrubs; esp., a brush used in scrubbing.
Scrubber	A gas washer. See under Gas.
Scrubboard	A baseboard; a mopboard.
Scrubby	Of the nature of scrub; small and mean; stunted in growth; as, a scrubby cur.
Scrubstone	A species of calciferous sandstone.
Scruff	Scurf.
Scruff	The nape of the neck; the loose outside skin, as of the back of the neck.
Scrummage	See Scrimmage.
Scrumptious	Nice; particular; fastidious; excellent; fine.
Scrunch	To scranch; to crunch.
Scruple	A weight of twenty grains; the third part of a dram.
Scruple	Hence, a very small quantity; a particle.
Scruple	Hesitation as to action from the difficulty of determining what is right or expedient; unwillingness, doubt, or hesitation proceeding from motives of conscience.
Scrupled	of Scruple
Skrupling	of Scruple
Scruple	To be reluctant or to hesitate, as regards an action, on account of considerations of conscience or expedience.
Scruple	To regard with suspicion; to hesitate at; to question.
Scruple	To excite scruples in; to cause to scruple.
Scrupler	One who scruples.
Scrupulist	A scrupler.
Scruou-lize	To perplex with scruples; to regard with scruples.
Scrupulosity	The quality or state of being scruppulous; doubt; doubtfulness respecting decision or action; caution or tenderness from the far of doing wrong or ofending; nice regard to exactness and propierty; precision.
Scrupulous	Full ofscrupules; inclined to scruple; nicely doubtful; hesitating to determine or to act, from a fear of offending or of doing wrong.
Scrupulous	Careful; cautious; exact; nice; as, scrupulous abstinence from labor; scrupulous performance of duties.
Scrupulous	Given to making objections; captious.
Scrupulous	Liable to be doubted; doubtful; nice.
Scrutable	Discoverable by scrutiny, inquiry, or critical examination.
Scrutation	Search; scrutiny.
Scrutator	One who scrutinizes; a close examiner or inquirer.
Scrutineer	A scrutinizer; specifically, an examiner of votes, as at an election.
Scrutinized	of Scrutinize
Scrutinizing	of Scrutinize
Scrutinize	To examine closely; to inspect or observe with critical attention; to regard narrowly; as, to scrutinize the measures of administration; to scrutinize the conduct or motives of individuals.
Scrutinize	To make scrutiny.
Scrutinizer	One who scrutinizes.
Scrutinous	Closely examining, or inquiring; careful; sctrict.
Scrutiny	Close examination; minute inspection; critical observation.
Scrutiny	An examination of catechumens, in the last week of Lent, who were to receive baptism on Easter Day.
Scrutiny	A ticket, or little paper billet, on which a vote is written.
Scrutiny	An examination by a committee of the votes given at an election, for the purpose of correcting the poll.
Scrutiny	To scrutinize.
Scrutoire	A escritoire; a writing desk.
Scruze	To squeeze, compress, crush, or bruise.
Scry	To descry.
Scry	A flock of wild fowl.
Scry	A cry or shout.
Scudded	of Scud
Scudding	of Scud
Scud	To move swiftly; especially, to move as if driven forward by something.
Scud	To be driven swiftly, or to run, before a gale, with little or no sail spread.
Scud	To pass over quickly.
Scud	The act of scudding; a driving along; a rushing with precipitation.
Scud	Loose, vapory clouds driven swiftly by the wind.
Scud	A slight, sudden shower.
Scud	A small flight of larks, or other birds, less than a flock.
Scud	Any swimming amphipod crustacean.
Scuddle	To run hastily; to hurry; to scuttle.
Scudi	of Scudo
Scudo	A silver coin, and money of account, used in Italy and Sicily, varying in value, in different parts, but worth about 4 shillings sterling, or about 96 cents; also, a gold coin worth about the same.
Scudo	A gold coin of Rome, worth 64 shillings 11 pence sterling, or about $ 15.70.
Scuff	The back part of the neck; the scruff.
Scuffed	of Scuff
Scuffing	of Scuff
Scuff	To walk without lifting the feet; to proceed with a scraping or dragging movement; to shuffle.
Scuffled	of Scuffle
Scuffling	of Scuffle
Scuffle	To strive or struggle with a close grapple; to wrestle in a rough fashion.
Scuffle	Hence, to strive or contend tumultuously; to struggle confusedly or at haphazard.
Scuffle	A rough, haphazard struggle, or trial of strength; a disorderly wrestling at close quarters.
Scuffle	Hence, a confused contest; a tumultuous struggle for superiority; a fight.
Scuffle	A child's pinafore or bib.
Scuffle	A garden hoe.
Scuffler	One who scuffles.
Scuffler	An agricultural implement resembling a scarifier, but usually lighter.
Scug	To hide.
Scug	A place of shelter; the declivity of a hill.
Sculk	Alt. of Sculker
Sculker	See Skulk, Skulker.
Scull	The skull.
Scull	A shoal of fish.
Scull	A boat; a cockboat. See Sculler.
Scull	One of a pair of short oars worked by one person.
Scull	A single oar used at the stern in propelling a boat.
Scull	The common skua gull.
Sculled	of Scull
Sculling	of Scull
Scull	To impel (a boat) with a pair of sculls, or with a single scull or oar worked over the stern obliquely from side to side.
Scull	To impel a boat with a scull or sculls.
Sculler	A boat rowed by one man with two sculls, or short oars.
Sculler	One who sculls.
Sculleries	of Scullery
Scullery	A place where dishes, kettles, and culinary utensils, are cleaned and kept; also, a room attached to the kitchen, where the coarse work is done; a back kitchen.
Scullery	Hence, refuse; filth; offal.
Scullion	A scalion.
Scullion	A servant who cleans pots and kettles, and does other menial services in the kitchen.
Scullionly	Like a scullion; base.
Sculp	To sculpture; to carve; to engrave.
Sculpin	Any one of numerous species of marine cottoid fishes of the genus Cottus, or Acanthocottus, having a large head armed with sharp spines, and a broad mouth. They are generally mottled with yellow, brown, and black. Several species are found on the Atlantic coasts of Europe and America.
Sculpin	A large cottoid market fish of California (Scorpaenichthys marmoratus); -- called also bighead, cabezon, scorpion, salpa.
Sculpin	The dragonet, or yellow sculpin, of Europe (Callionymus lura).
Sculptile	Formed by carving; graven; as, sculptile images.
Sculptor	One who sculptures; one whose occupation is to carve statues, or works of sculpture.
Sculptor	Hence, an artist who designs works of sculpture, his first studies and his finished model being usually in a plastic material, from which model the marble is cut, or the bronze is cast.
Sculptress	A female sculptor.
Sculptural	Of or pertaining to sculpture.
Sculpture	The art of carving, cutting, or hewing wood, stone, metal, etc., into statues, ornaments, etc., or into figures, as of men, or other things; hence, the art of producing figures and groups, whether in plastic or hard materials.
Sculpture	Carved work modeled of, or cut upon, wood, stone, metal, etc.
Sculptured	of Sculpture
Sculpturing	of Sculpture
Sculpture	To form with the chisel on, in, or from, wood, stone, or metal; to carve; to engrave.
Sculpturesque	After the manner of sculpture; resembling, or relating to, sculpture.
Scum	The extraneous matter or impurities which rise to the surface of liquids in boiling or fermentation, or which form on the surface by other means; also, the scoria of metals in a molten state; dross.
Scum	refuse; recrement; anything vile or worthless.
Scummed	of Scum
Scumming	of Scum
Scum	To take the scum from; to clear off the impure matter from the surface of; to skim.
Scum	To sweep or range over the surface of.
Scum	To form a scum; to become covered with scum. Also used figuratively.
Scumber	To void excrement.
Scumber	Dung.
Scumbled	of Scumble
Scumbling	of Scumble
Scumble	To cover lighty, as a painting, or a drawing, with a thin wash of opaque color, or with color-crayon dust rubbed on with the stump, or to make any similar additions to the work, so as to produce a softened effect.
Scumbling	A mode of obtaining a softened effect, in painting and drawing, by the application of a thin layer of opaque color to the surface of a painting, or part of the surface, which is too bright in color, or which requires harmonizing.
Scumbling	In crayon drawing, the use of the stump.
Scumbling	The color so laid on. Also used figuratively.
Scummer	To scumber.
Scummer	Excrement; scumber.
Scummer	An instrument for taking off scum; a skimmer.
Scumming	The act of taking off scum.
Scumming	That which is scummed off; skimmings; scum; -- used chiefly in the plural.
Scummy	Covered with scum; of the nature of scum.
Scunner	To cause to loathe, or feel disgust at.
Scunner	To have a feeling of loathing or disgust; hence, to have dislike, prejudice, or reluctance.
Scunner	A feeling of disgust or loathing; a strong prejudice; abhorrence; as, to take a scunner against some one.
Scup	A swing.
Scup	A marine sparoid food fish (Stenotomus chrysops, or S. argyrops), common on the Atlantic coast of the United States. It appears bright silvery when swimming in the daytime, but shows broad blackish transverse bands at night and when dead. Called also porgee, paugy, porgy, scuppaug.
Scuppaug	See 2d Scup.
Scupper	An opening cut through the waterway and bulwarks of a ship, so that water falling on deck may flow overboard; -- called also scupper hole.
Scuppernong	An American grape, a form of Vitis vulpina, found in the Southern Atlantic States, and often cultivated.
Scur	To move hastily; to scour.
Scurf	Thin dry scales or scabs upon the body; especially, thin scales exfoliated from the cuticle, particularly of the scalp; dandruff.
Scurf	Hence, the foul remains of anything adherent.
Scurf	Anything like flakes or scales adhering to a surface.
Scurf	Minute membranous scales on the surface of some leaves, as in the goosefoot.
Scurff	The bull trout.
Scurfiness	Quality or state of being scurfy.
Scurfiness	Scurf.
Scurfy	Having or producing scurf; covered with scurf; resembling scurf.
Scurrier	One who scurries.
Scurrile	Such as befits a buffoon or vulgar jester; grossly opprobrious or loudly jocose in language; scurrilous; as, scurrile taunts.
Scurrility	The quality or state of being scurrile or scurrilous; mean, vile, or obscene jocularity.
Scurrility	That which is scurrile or scurrilous; gross or obscene language; low buffoonery; vulgar abuse.
Scurrilous	Using the low and indecent language of the meaner sort of people, or such as only the license of buffoons can warrant; as, a scurrilous fellow.
Scurrilous	Containing low indecency or abuse; mean; foul; vile; obscenely jocular; as, scurrilous language.
Scurrit	the lesser tern (Sterna minuta).
Scurry	To hasten away or along; to move rapidly; to hurry; as, the rabbit scurried away.
Scurry	Act of scurring; hurried movement.
Scurvily	In a scurvy manner.
Scurviness	The quality or state of being scurvy; vileness; meanness.
Scurvy	Covered or affected with scurf or scabs; scabby; scurfy; specifically, diseased with the scurvy.
Scurvy	Vile; mean; low; vulgar; contemptible.
Scurvy	A disease characterized by livid spots, especially about the thighs and legs, due to extravasation of blood, and by spongy gums, and bleeding from almost all the mucous membranes. It is accompanied by paleness, languor, depression, and general debility. It is occasioned by confinement, innutritious food, and hard labor, but especially by lack of fresh vegetable food, or confinement for a long time to a limited range of food, which is incapable of repairing the waste of the system. It was formerly prevalent among sailors and soldiers.
Scut	The tail of a hare, or of a deer, or other animal whose tail is short, sp. when carried erect; hence, sometimes, the animal itself.
Scuta	See Scutum.
Scutage	Shield money; commutation of service for a sum of money. See Escuage.
Scutal	Of or pertaining to a shield.
Scutate	Buckler-shaped; round or nearly round.
Scutate	Protected or covered by bony or horny plates, or large scales.
Scutched	of Scutch
Scutching	of Scutch
Scutch	To beat or whip; to drub.
Scutch	To separate the woody fiber from (flax, hemp, etc.) by beating; to swingle.
Scutch	To loosen and dress the fiber of (cotton or silk) by beating; to free (fibrous substances) from dust by beating and blowing.
Scutch	A wooden instrument used in scutching flax and hemp.
Scutch	The woody fiber of flax; the refuse of scutched flax.
Scutcheon	An escutcheon; an emblazoned shield.
Scutcheon	A small plate of metal, as the shield around a keyhole. See Escutcheon, 4.
Scutcheoned	Emblazoned on or as a shield.
Scutcher	One who scutches.
Scutcher	An implement or machine for scutching hemp, flax, or cotton; etc.; a scutch; a scutching machine.
Scutch grass	A kind of pasture grass (Cynodon Dactylon). See Bermuda grass: also Illustration in Appendix.
Scute	A small shield.
Scute	An old French gold coin of the value of 3s. 4d. sterling, or about 80 cents.
Scute	A bony scale of a reptile or fish; a large horny scale on the leg of a bird, or on the belly of a snake.
Scutella	See Scutellum.
Scutelle	of Scutella
Scutella	See Scutellum, n., 2.
Scutellate	Alt. of Scutellated
Scutellated	Formed like a plate or salver; composed of platelike surfaces; as, the scutellated bone of a sturgeon.
Scutellated	Having the tarsi covered with broad transverse scales, or scutella; -- said of certain birds.
Scutellation	the entire covering, or mode of arrangement, of scales, as on the legs and feet of a bird.
Scutelliform	Scutellate.
Scutelliform	Having the form of a scutellum.
Scutelliplantar	Having broad scutella on the front, and small scales on the posterior side, of the tarsus; -- said of certain birds.
Scutella	of Scutellum
Scutellum	A rounded apothecium having an elevated rim formed of the proper thallus, the fructification of certain lichens.
Scutellum	The third of the four pieces forming the upper part of a thoracic segment of an insect. It follows the scutum, and is followed by the small postscutellum; a scutella. See Thorax.
Scutellum	One of the transverse scales on the tarsi and toes of birds; a scutella.
Scutibranch	Scutibranchiate.
Scutibranch	One of the Scutibranchiata.
Scutibranchia	Same as Scutibranchiata.
Scutibranchian	One of the Scutibranchiata.
Scutibranchiata	An order of gastropod Mollusca having a heart with two auricles and one ventricle. The shell may be either spiral or shieldlike.
Scutibranchiate	Having the gills protected by a shieldlike shell; of or pertaining to the Scutibranchiata.
Scutibranchiate	One of the Scutibranchiata.
Scutiferous	Carrying a shield or buckler.
Scutiform	Shield-shaped; scutate.
Scutiger	Any species of chilopod myriapods of the genus Scutigera. They sometimes enter buildings and prey upon insects.
Scutiped	Having the anterior surface of the tarsus covered with scutella, or transverse scales, in the form of incomplete bands terminating at a groove on each side; -- said of certain birds.
Scuttle	A broad, shallow basket.
Scuttle	A wide-mouthed vessel for holding coal: a coal hod.
Scuttle	To run with affected precipitation; to hurry; to bustle; to scuddle.
Scuttle	A quick pace; a short run.
Scuttle	A small opening in an outside wall or covering, furnished with a lid.
Scuttle	A small opening or hatchway in the deck of a ship, large enough to admit a man, and with a lid for covering it, also, a like hole in the side or bottom of a ship.
Scuttle	An opening in the roof of a house, with a lid.
Scuttle	The lid or door which covers or closes an opening in a roof, wall, or the like.
Scuttled	of Scuttle
Scuttling	of Scuttle
Scuttle	To cut a hole or holes through the bottom, deck, or sides of (as of a ship), for any purpose.
Scuttle	To sink by making holes through the bottom of; as, to scuttle a ship.
Scuta	of Scutum
Scutum	An oblong shield made of boards or wickerwork covered with leather, with sometimes an iron rim; -- carried chiefly by the heavy-armed infantry.
Scutum	A penthouse or awning.
Scutum	The second and largest of the four parts forming the upper surface of a thoracic segment of an insect. It is preceded by the prescutum and followed by the scutellum. See the Illust. under Thorax.
Scutum	One of the two lower valves of the operculum of a barnacle.
Scybala	Hardened masses of feces.
Scye	Arm scye, a cutter's term for the armhole or part of the armhole of the waist of a garnment.
Scyle	To hide; to secrete; to conceal.
Scylla	A dangerous rock on the Italian coast opposite the whirpool Charybdis on the coast of Sicily, -- both personified in classical literature as ravenous monsters. The passage between them was formerly considered perilous; hence, the saying "Between Scylla and Charybdis," signifying a great peril on either hand.
Scyllaea	A genus of oceanic nudibranchiate mollusks having the small branched gills situated on the upper side of four fleshy lateral lobes, and on the median caudal crest.
Scyllarian	One of a family (Scyllaridae) of macruran Crustacea, remarkable for the depressed form of the body, and the broad, flat antennae. Also used adjectively.
Scyllite	A white crystalline substance of a sweetish taste, resembling inosite and metameric with dextrose. It is extracted from the kidney of the dogfish (of the genus Scylium), the shark, and the skate.
Scymetar	See Scimiter.
Scyphae	of Scypha
Scypha	See Scyphus, 2 (b).
Scyphiform	Cup-shaped.
Scyphistomata	of Scyphistoma
Scyphistomae	of Scyphistoma
Scyphistoma	The young attached larva of Discophora in the stage when it resembles a hydroid, or actinian.
Scyphobranchii	An order of fishes including the blennioid and gobioid fishes, and other related families.
Scyphomeduse	Same as Acraspeda, or Discophora.
Scyphophori	An order of fresh-water fishes inhabiting tropical Africa. They have rudimentary electrical organs on each side of the tail.
Scyphi	of Scyphus
Scyphus	A kind of large drinking cup, -- used by Greeks and Romans, esp. by poor folk.
Scyphus	The cup of a narcissus, or a similar appendage to the corolla in other flowers.
Scyphus	A cup-shaped stem or podetium in lichens. Also called scypha. See Illust. of Cladonia pyxidata, under Lichen.
Scythe	An instrument for mowing grass, grain, or the like, by hand, composed of a long, curving blade, with a sharp edge, made fast to a long handle, called a snath, which is bent into a form convenient for use.
Scythe	A scythe-shaped blade attached to ancient war chariots.
Scythe	To cut with a scythe; to cut off as with a scythe; to mow.
Scythed	Armed scythes, as a chariot.
Scythemen	of Scytheman
Scytheman	One who uses a scythe; a mower.
Scythestone	A stone for sharpening scythes; a whetstone.
Scythewhet	Wilson's thrush; -- so called from its note.
Scythian	Of or pertaining to Scythia (a name given to the northern part of Asia, and Europe adjoining to Asia), or its language or inhabitants.
Scythian	A native or inhabitant of Scythia; specifically (Ethnol.), one of a Slavonic race which in early times occupied Eastern Europe.
Scythian	The language of the Scythians.
Scytodermata	Same as Holothurioidea.
Sdan	Disdain.
'Sdeath	An exclamation expressive of impatience or anger.
Sdeign	To disdain.
Sea	One of the larger bodies of salt water, less than an ocean, found on the earth's surface; a body of salt water of second rank, generally forming part of, or connecting with, an ocean or a larger sea; as, the Mediterranean Sea; the Sea of Marmora; the North Sea; the Carribean Sea.
Sea	An inland body of water, esp. if large or if salt or brackish; as, the Caspian Sea; the Sea of Aral; sometimes, a small fresh-water lake; as, the Sea of Galilee.
Sea	The ocean; the whole body of the salt water which covers a large part of the globe.
Sea	The swell of the ocean or other body of water in a high wind; motion of the water's surface; also, a single wave; a billow; as, there was a high sea after the storm; the vessel shipped a sea.
Sea	A great brazen laver in the temple at Jerusalem; -- so called from its size.
Sea	Fig.: Anything resembling the sea in vastness; as, a sea of glory.
Sea acorn	An acorn barnacle (Balanus).
Sea adder	The European fifteen-spined stickleback (Gasterosteus spinachia); -- called also bismore.
Sea adder	The European tanglefish, or pipefish (Syngnathus acus).
Sea anchor	See Drag sail, under 4th Drag.
Sea amenone	Any one of numerous species of soft-bodied Anthozoa, belonging to the order Actrinaria; an actinian.
Sea ape	The thrasher shark.
Sea ape	The sea otter.
Sea apple	The fruit of a West Indian palm (Manicaria Plukenetii), often found floating in the sea.
Sea arrow	A squid of the genus Ommastrephes. See Squid.
Sea bank	The seashore.
Sea bank	A bank or mole to defend against the sea.
Sea-bar	A tern.
Sea barrow	A sea purse.
Sea bass	A large marine food fish (Serranus, / Centropristis, atrarius) which abounds on the Atlantic coast of the United States. It is dark bluish, with black bands, and more or less varied with small white spots and blotches. Called also, locally, blue bass, black sea bass, blackfish, bluefish, and black perch.
Sea bass	A California food fish (Cynoscion nobile); -- called also white sea bass, and sea salmon.
Sea bat	See Batfish (a).
Seabeach	A beach lying along the sea.
Sea bean	Same as Florida bean.
Sea bear	Any fur seal. See under Fur.
Sea bear	The white bear.
Seabeard	A green seaweed (Cladophora rupestris) growing in dense tufts.
Sea beast	Any large marine mammal, as a seal, walrus, or cetacean.
Sea bird	Any swimming bird frequenting the sea; a sea fowl.
Sea blite	A plant (Suaeda maritima) of the Goosefoot family, growing in salt marches.
Sea-blubber	A jellyfish.
Seaboard	The seashore; seacoast.
Seaboard	Bordering upon, or being near, the sea; seaside; seacoast; as, a seaboard town.
Seaboard	Toward the sea.
Seaboat	A boat or vessel adapted to the open sea; hence, a vessel considered with reference to her power of resisting a storm, or maintaining herself in a heavy sea; as, a good sea boat.
Seaboat	A chitin.
Seabord	See Seaboard.
Sea-bordering	Bordering on the sea; situated beside the sea.
Sea-born	Born of the sea; produced by the sea.
Sea-born	Born at sea.
Seabound	Bounded by the sea.
Sea bow	See Marine rainbow, under Rainbow.
Sea boy	A boy employed on shipboard.
Sea breach	A breaking or overflow of a bank or a dike by the sea.
Sea bream	Any one of several species of sparoid fishes, especially the common European species (Pagellus centrodontus), the Spanish (P. Oweni), and the black sea bream (Cantharus lineatus); -- called also old wife.
Sea brief	Same as Sea letter.
Sea bug	A chiton.
Sea-built	Built at, in, or by the sea.
Sea butterfly	A pteropod.
Sea cabbage	See Sea kale, under Kale.
Sea calf	The common seal.
Sea canary	The beluga, or white whale.
Sea captain	The captain of a vessel that sails upon the sea.
Sea card	Mariner's card, or compass.
Sea catfish	Alt. of Sea cat
Sea cat	The wolf fish.
Sea cat	Any marine siluroid fish, as Aelurichthys marinus, and Arinus felis, of the eastern coast of the United States. Many species are found on the coasts of Central and South America.
Sea chart	A chart or map on which the lines of the shore, islands, shoals, harbors, etc., are delineated.
Sea chickweed	A fleshy plant (Arenaria peploides) growing in large tufts in the sands of the northern Atlantic seacoast; -- called also sea sandwort, and sea purslane.
Sea clam	Any one of the large bivalve mollusks found on the open seacoast, especially those of the family Mactridae, as the common American species. (Mactra, / Spisula, solidissima); -- called also beach clam, and surf clam.
Sea coal	Coal brought by sea; -- a name by which mineral coal was formerly designated in the south of England, in distinction from charcoal, which was brought by land.
Seacoast	The shore or border of the land adjacent to the sea or ocean. Also used adjectively.
Sea cob	The black-backed gull.
Sea cock	In a steamship, a cock or valve close to the vessel's side, for closing a pipe which communicates with the sea.
Sea cock	The black-bellied plover.
Sea cock	A gurnard, as the European red gurnard (Trigla pini).
Sea cocoa	A magnificent palm (Lodoicea Sechellarum) found only in the Seychelles Islands. The fruit is an immense two-lobed nut. It was found floating in the Indian Ocean before the tree was known, and called sea cocoanut, and double cocoanut.
Sea colander	A large blackfish seaweed (Agarum Turneri), the frond of which is punctured with many little holes.
Sea colewort	Sea cabbage.
Sea compass	The mariner's compass. See under Compass.
Sea coot	A scoter duck.
Sea corn	A yellow cylindrical mass of egg capsule of certain species of whelks (Buccinum), which resembles an ear of maize.
Sea cow	The mantee.
Sea cow	The dugong.
Sea cow	The walrus.
Sea crawfish	Alt. of Sea crayfish
Sea crayfish	Any crustacean of the genus Palinurus and allied genera, as the European spiny lobster (P. vulgaris), which is much used as an article of food. See Lobster.
Sea crow	The chough.
Sea crow	The cormorant.
Sea crow	The blackheaded pewit, and other gulls.
Sea crow	The skua.
Sea crow	The razorbill.
Sea crow	The coot.
Sea cucumber	Any large holothurian, especially one of those belonging to the genus Pentacta, or Cucumaria, as the common American and European species. (P. frondosa).
Sea dace	The European sea perch.
Sea daffodil	A European amarylidaceous plant (Pancratium maritimum).
Sea devil	Any very large ray, especially any species of the genus Manta or Cepholoptera, some of which become more than twenty feet across and weigh several tons. See also Ox ray, under Ox.
Sea devil	Any large cephalopod, as a large Octopus, or a giant squid (Architeuthis). See Devilfish.
Sea devil	The angler.
Sea dog	The dogfish.
Sea dog	The common seal.
Sea dog	An old sailor; a salt.
Sea dotterel	The turnstone.
Sea dove	The little auk, or rotche. See Illust. of Rotche.
Sea dragon	A dragonet, or sculpin.
Sea dragon	The pegasus.
Sea drake	The pewit gull.
Sea duck	Any one of numerous species of ducks which frequent the seacoasts and feed mainly on fishes and mollusks. The scoters, eiders, old squaw, and ruddy duck are examples. They may be distinguished by the lobate hind toe.
Sea eagle	Any one of several species of fish-eating eagles of the genus Haliaeetus and allied genera, as the North Pacific sea eagle. (H. pelagicus), which has white shoulders, head, rump, and tail; the European white-tailed eagle (H. albicilla); and the Indian white-tailed sea eagle, or fishing eagle (Polioaetus ichthyaetus). The bald eagle and the osprey are also sometimes classed as sea eagles.
Sea eagle	The eagle ray. See under Ray.
Sea-ear	Any species of ear-shaped shells of the genus Haliotis. See Abalone.
Sea eel	The conger eel.
Sea egg	A sea urchin.
Sea elephant	A very large seal (Macrorhinus proboscideus) of the Antarctic seas, much hunted for its oil. It sometimes attains a length of thirty feet, and is remarkable for the prolongation of the nose of the adult male into an erectile elastic proboscis, about a foot in length. Another species of smaller size (M. angustirostris) occurs on the coast of Lower California, but is now nearly extinct.
Sea fan	Any gorgonian which branches in a fanlike form, especially Gorgonia flabellum of Florida and the West Indies.
Seafarer	One who follows the sea as a business; a mariner; a sailor.
Seafaring	Following the business of a mariner; as, a seafaring man.
Sea feather	Any gorgonian which branches in a plumelike form.
Sea fennel	Samphire.
Sea fern	Any gorgonian which branches like a fern.
Sea fight	An engagement between ships at sea; a naval battle.
Sea fir	A sertularian hydroid, especially Sertularia abietina, which branches like a miniature fir tree.
Sea flewer	A sea anemone, or any related anthozoan.
Sea foam	Foam of sea water.
Sea foam	Meerschaum; -- called also sea froth.
Sea fowl	Any bird which habitually frequents the sea, as an auk, gannet, gull, tern, or petrel; also, all such birds, collectively.
Sea fox	The thrasher shark. See Thrasher.
Sea froth	See Sea foam, 2.
Sea-gate	Alt. of Sea-gait
Sea-gait	A long, rolling swell of the sea.
Sea gauge	See under Gauge, n.
Sea gherkin	Alt. of Sea girkin
Sea girkin	Any small holothurian resembling in form a gherkin.
Sea ginger	A hydroid coral of the genus Millepora, especially M. alcicornis, of the West Indies and Florida. So called because it stings the tongue like ginger. See Illust. under Millepore.
Sea girdles	A kind of kelp (Laminaria digitata) with palmately cleft fronds; -- called also sea wand, seaware, and tangle.
Seagirt	Surrounded by the water of the sea or ocean; as, a seagirt isle.
Sea god	A marine deity; a fabulous being supposed to live in, or have dominion over, the sea, or some particular sea or part of the sea, as Neptune.
Sea goddess	A goddess supposed to live in or reign over the sea, or some part of the sea.
Seagoing	Going upon the sea; especially, sailing upon the deep sea; -- used in distinction from coasting or river, as applied to vessels.
Sea goose	A phalarope.
Sea gown	A gown or frock with short sleeves, formerly worn by mariners.
Sea grape	The gulf weed. See under Gulf.
Sea grape	A shrubby plant (Coccoloba uvifera) growing on the sandy shores of tropical America, somewhat resembling the grapevine.
Sea grape	The clusters of gelatinous egg capsules of a squid (Loligo).
Sea grass	Eelgrass.
Sea green	The green color of sea water.
Sea-green	Of a beautiful bluish green color, like sea water on soundings.
Sea gudgeon	The European black goby (Gobius niger).
Sea gull	Any gull living on the seacoast.
Seah	A Jewish dry measure containing one third of an an ephah.
Sea hare	Any tectibranchiate mollusk of the genus Aplysia. See Aplysia.
Sea hawk	A jager gull.
Sea heath	A low perennial plant (Frankenia laevis) resembling heath, growing along the seashore in Europe.
Sea hedgehog	A sea urchin.
Sea hen	the common guillemot; -- applied also to various other sea birds.
Sea hog	The porpoise.
Sea holly	An evergeen seashore plant (Eryngium maritimum). See Eryngium.
Sea holm	A small uninhabited island.
Sea holm	Sea holly.
Sea horse	A fabulous creature, half horse and half fish, represented in classic mythology as driven by sea dogs or ridden by the Nereids. It is also depicted in heraldry. See Hippocampus.
Sea horse	The walrus.
Sea horse	Any fish of the genus Hippocampus.
Sea hulver	Sea holly.
Sea-island	Of or pertaining to certain islands along the coast of South Carolina and Georgia; as, sea-island cotton, a superior cotton of long fiber produced on those islands.
Sea jelly	A medusa, or jellyfish.
Seak	Soap prepared for use in milling cloth.
Sea kale	See under Kale.
Sea king	One of the leaders among the Norsemen who passed their lives in roving the seas in search of plunder and adventures; a Norse pirate chief. See the Note under Viking.
Seal	Any aquatic carnivorous mammal of the families Phocidae and Otariidae.
Seal	An engraved or inscribed stamp, used for marking an impression in wax or other soft substance, to be attached to a document, or otherwise used by way of authentication or security.
Seal	Wax, wafer, or other tenacious substance, set to an instrument, and impressed or stamped with a seal; as, to give a deed under hand and seal.
Seal	That which seals or fastens; esp., the wax or wafer placed on a letter or other closed paper, etc., to fasten it.
Seal	That which confirms, ratifies, or makes stable; that which authenticates; that which secures; assurance.
Seal	An arrangement for preventing the entrance or return of gas or air into a pipe, by which the open end of the pipe dips beneath the surface of water or other liquid, or a deep bend or sag in the pipe is filled with the liquid; a draintrap.
Sealed	of Seal
Skaling	of Seal
Seal	To set or affix a seal to; hence, to authenticate; to confirm; to ratify; to establish; as, to seal a deed.
Seal	To mark with a stamp, as an evidence of standard exactness, legal size, or merchantable quality; as, to seal weights and measures; to seal silverware.
Seal	To fasten with a seal; to attach together with a wafer, wax, or other substance causing adhesion; as, to seal a letter.
Seal	Hence, to shut close; to keep close; to make fast; to keep secure or secret.
Seal	To fix, as a piece of iron in a wall, with cement, plaster, or the like.
Seal	To close by means of a seal; as, to seal a drainpipe with water. See 2d Seal, 5.
Seal	Among the Mormons, to confirm or set apart as a second or additional wife.
Seal	To affix one's seal, or a seal.
Sea laces	A kind of seaweed (Chorda Filum) having blackish cordlike fronds, often many feet long.
Sea lamprey	The common lamprey.
Sea language	The peculiar language or phraseology of seamen; sailor's cant.
Sea lark	The rock pipit (Anthus obscurus).
Sea lark	Any one of several small sandpipers and plovers, as the ringed plover, the turnstone, the dunlin, and the sanderling.
Sea lavender	See Marsh rosemary, under Marsh.
Sea lawyer	The gray snapper. See under Snapper.
Seal-brown	Of a rich dark brown color, like the fur of the fur seal after it is dyed.
Sea legs	Legs able to maintain their possessor upright in stormy weather at sea, that is, ability stand or walk steadily on deck when a vessel is rolling or pitching in a rough sea.
Sea lemon	Any one of several species of nudibranchiate mollusks of the genus Doris and allied genera, having a smooth, thick, convex yellow body.
Sea leopard	Any one of several species of spotted seals, especially Ogmorhinus leptonyx, and Leptonychotes Weddelli, of the Antarctic Ocean. The North Pacific sea leopard is the harbor seal.
Sealer	One who seals; especially, an officer whose duty it is to seal writs or instruments, to stamp weights and measures, or the like.
Sealer	A mariner or a vessel engaged in the business of capturing seals.
Sea letter	The customary certificate of national character which neutral merchant vessels are bound to carry in time of war; a passport for a vessel and cargo.
Sea lettuce	The green papery fronds of several seaweeds of the genus Ulva, sometimes used as food.
Sea level	The level of the surface of the sea; any surface on the same level with the sea.
Sealgh	Alt. of Selch
Selch	A seal.
Sea lily	A crinoid.
Sealing wax	A compound of the resinous materials, pigments, etc., used as a material for seals, as for letters, documents, etc.
Sea lion	Any one of several large species of seals of the family Otariidae native of the Pacific Ocean, especially the southern sea lion (Otaria jubata) of the South American coast; the northern sea lion (Eumetopias Stelleri) found from California to Japan; and the black, or California, sea lion (Zalophus Californianus), which is common on the rocks near San Francisco.
Sea loach	The three-bearded rockling. See Rockling.
Sea louse	Any one of numerous species of isopod crustaceans of Cymothoa, Livoneca, and allied genera, mostly parasites on fishes.
Seam	Grease; tallow; lard.
Seam	The fold or line formed by sewing together two pieces of cloth or leather.
Seam	Hence, a line of junction; a joint; a suture, as on a ship, a floor, or other structure; the line of union, or joint, of two boards, planks, metal plates, etc.
Seam	A thin layer or stratum; a narrow vein between two thicker strata; as, a seam of coal.
Seam	A line or depression left by a cut or wound; a scar; a cicatrix.
Seamed	of Seam
Seaming	of Seam
Seam	To form a seam upon or of; to join by sewing together; to unite.
Seam	To mark with something resembling a seam; to line; to scar.
Seam	To make the appearance of a seam in, as in knitting a stocking; hence, to knit with a certain stitch, like that in such knitting.
Seam	To become ridgy; to crack open.
Seam	A denomination of weight or measure.
Seam	The quantity of eight bushels of grain.
Seam	The quantity of 120 pounds of glass.
Sea-maid	The mermaid.
Sea-maid	A sea nymph.
Sea-mail	A gull; the mew.
Seamen	of Seaman
Seaman	A merman; the male of the mermaid.
Seamen	of Seaman
Seaman	One whose occupation is to assist in the management of ships at sea; a mariner; a sailor; -- applied both to officers and common mariners, but especially to the latter. Opposed to landman, or landsman.
Seamanlike	Having or showing the skill of a practical seaman.
Seamanship	The skill of a good seaman; the art, or skill in the art, of working a ship.
Sea mantis	A squilla.
Sea marge	Land which borders on the sea; the seashore.
Seamark	Any elevated object on land which serves as a guide to mariners; a beacon; a landmark visible from the sea, as a hill, a tree, a steeple, or the like.
Sea mat	Any bryozoan of the genus Flustra or allied genera which form frondlike corals.
Sea maw	The sea mew.
Seamed	Out of condition; not in good condition; -- said of a hawk.
Sea-mell	The sea mew.
Sea mew	A gull; the mew.
Sea mile	A geographical mile. See Mile.
Sea milkwort	A low, fleshy perennial herb (Glaux maritima) found along northern seashores.
Seaming	The act or process of forming a seam or joint.
Seaming	The cord or rope at the margin of a seine, to which the meshes of the net are attached.
Seamless	Without a seam.
Sea monk	See Monk seal, under Monk.
Sea monster	Any large sea animal.
Sea moss	Any branched marine bryozoan resembling moss.
Sea mouse	A dorsibranchiate annelid, belonging to Aphrodite and allied genera, having long, slender, hairlike setae on the sides.
Sea mouse	The dunlin.
Seamster	One who sews well, or whose occupation is to sew.
Seamstress	A woman whose occupation is sewing; a needlewoman.
Seamstressy	The business of a seamstress.
Sea mud	A rich slimy deposit in salt marshes and along the seashore, sometimes used as a manure; -- called also sea ooze.
Seamy	Having a seam; containing seams, or showing them.
Sean	A seine. See Seine.
Seance	A session, as of some public body; especially, a meeting of spiritualists to receive spirit communication, so called.
Sea needle	See Garfish (a).
Sea nettle	A jellyfish, or medusa.
Seannachie	A bard among the Highlanders of Scotland, who preserved and repeated the traditions of the tribes; also, a genealogist.
Sea onion	The officinal squill. See Squill.
Sea ooze	Same as Sea mud.
Sea orange	A large American holothurian (Lophothuria Fabricii) having a bright orange convex body covered with finely granulated scales. Its expanded tentacles are bright red.
Sea-orb	A globefish.
Sea otter	An aquatic carnivore (Enhydris lutris, / marina) found in the North Pacific Ocean.  Its fur is highly valued, especially by the Chinese. It is allied to the common otter, but is larger, with feet more decidedly webbed.
Sea owl	The lumpfish.
Sea pad	The puffin.
Sea partridge	The gilthead (Crenilabrus melops), a fish of the British coasts.
Sea pass	A document carried by neutral merchant vessels in time of war, to show their nationality; a sea letter or passport. See Passport.
Sea peach	A beautiful American ascidian (Cynthia, / Halocynthia, pyriformis) having the size, form, velvety surface, and color of a ripe peach.
Sea pear	A pedunculated ascidian of the genus Boltonia.
Sea-pen	A pennatula.
Sea perch	The European bass (Roccus, / Labrax, lupus); -- called also sea dace.
Sea perch	The cunner.
Sea perch	The sea bass.
Sea perch	The name is applied also to other species of fishes.
Sea pheasant	The pintail duck.
Sea pie	The oyster catcher, a limicoline bird of the genus Haematopus.
Sea pie	A dish of crust or pastry and meat or fish, etc., cooked together in alternate layers, -- a common food of sailors; as, a three-decker sea pie.
Seapiece	A picture representing a scene at sea; a marine picture.
Sea piet	See 1st Sea pie.
Sea pig	A porpoise or dolphin.
Sea pig	A dugong.
Sea pigeon	The common guillemot.
Sea pike	The garfish.
Sea pike	A large serranoid food fish (Centropomus undecimalis) found on both coasts of America; -- called also robalo.
Sea pike	The merluce.
Sea pincushion	A sea purse.
Sea pincushion	A pentagonal starfish.
Sea pink	See Thrift.
Sea plover	the black-bellied plover.
Sea poacher	Alt. of Sea poker
Sea poker	The lyrie.
Sea pool	A pool of salt water.
Sea poppy	The horn poppy. See under Horn.
Sea porcupine	Any fish of the genus Diodon, and allied genera, whose body is covered with spines. See Illust. under Diodon.
Sea pork	An American compound ascidian (Amoraecium stellatum) which forms large whitish masses resembling salt pork.
Seaport	A port on the seashore, or one accessible for seagoing vessels. Also used adjectively; as, a seaport town.
Seapoy	See Sepoy.
Sea pudding	Any large holothurian.
Sea purse	The horny egg case of a skate, and of certain sharks.
Sea purslane	See under Purslane.
Sea pye	See 1st Sea pie.
Sea pyot	See 1st Sea pie.
Sea quail	The turnstone.
Seaquake	A quaking of the sea.
Sear	Alt. of Sere
Sere	[OE. seer, AS. sear (assumed) fr. searian to wither; akin to D. zoor dry, LG. soor, OHG. sor/n to to wither, Gr. a"y`ein to parch, to dry, Skr. /ush (for sush) to dry, to wither, Zend hush to dry. 152.  Cf. Austere, Sorrel, a.] Dry; withered; no longer green; -- applied to leaves.
Seared	of Sear
Searing	of Sear
Sear	To wither; to dry up.
Sear	To burn (the surface of) to dryness and hardness; to cauterize; to expose to a degree of heat such as changes the color or the hardness and texture of the surface; to scorch; to make callous; as, to sear the skin or flesh. Also used figuratively.
Sear	The catch in a gunlock by which the hammer is held cocked or half cocked.
Sea rat	A pirate.
Sea rat	The chimaera.
Sea raven	An American cottoid fish (Hemitripterus Americanus) allied to the sculpins, found on the northeren Atlantic coasts.
Sea raven	The cormorant.
Searce	A fine sieve.
Searce	To sift; to bolt.
Searcer	One who sifts or bolts.
Searcer	A searce, or sieve.
Searched	of Search
Searching	of Search
Search	To look over or through, for the purpose of finding something; to examine; to explore; as, to search the city.
Search	To inquire after; to look for; to seek.
Search	To examine or explore by feeling with an instrument; to probe; as, to search a wound.
Search	To examine; to try; to put to the test.
Search	To seek; to look for something; to make inquiry, exploration, or examination; to hunt.
Search	The act of seeking or looking for something; quest; inquiry; pursuit for finding something; examination.
Searchable	Capable of being searched.
Searchableness	Quality of being searchable.
Searcher	One who, or that which, searhes or examines; a seeker; an inquirer; an examiner; a trier.
Searcher	Formerly, an officer in London appointed to examine the bodies of the dead, and report the cause of death.
Searcher	An officer of the customs whose business it is to search ships, merchandise, luggage, etc.
Searcher	An inspector of leather.
Searcher	An instrument for examining the bore of a cannon, to detect cavities.
Searcher	An implement for sampling butter; a butter trier.
Searcher	An instrument for feeling after calculi in the bladder, etc.
Searching	Exploring thoroughly; scrutinizing; penetrating; trying; as, a searching discourse; a searching eye.
Searchless	Impossible to be searched; inscrutable; impenetrable.
Searcloth	Cerecloth.
Searcloth	To cover, as a sore, with cerecloth.
Seared	Scorched; cauterized; hence, figuratively, insensible; not susceptible to moral influences.
Searedness	The state of being seared or callous; insensibility.
Sea reed	The sea-sand reed. See under Reed.
Sea risk	Risk of injury, destruction, or loss by the sea, or while at sea.
Sea robber	A pirate; a sea rover.
Sea robin	See under Robin, and Illustration in Appendix.
Sea rocket	See under Rocket.
Sea room	Room or space at sea for a vessel to maneuver, drive, or scud, without peril of running ashore or aground.
Sea rover	One that cruises or roves the sea for plunder; a sea robber; a pirate; also, a piratical vessel.
Sea-roving	Cruising at random on the ocean.
Sea salmon	A young pollock.
Sea salmon	The spotted squeteague.
Sea salmon	See Sea bass (b).
Sea salt	Common salt, obtained from sea water by evaporation.
Sea sandpiper	The purple sandpiper.
Sea sandwort	See Sea chickweed.
Sea saurian	Any marine saurian; esp. (Paleon.) the large extinct species of Mosasaurus, Icthyosaurus, Plesiosaurus, and related genera.
Seascape	A picture representing a scene at sea.
Sea scorpion	A European sculpin (Cottus scorpius) having the head armed with short spines.
Sea scorpion	The scorpene.
Sea scurf	Any bryozoan which forms rounded or irregular patches of coral on stones, seaweeds, etc.
Sea serpent	Any marine snake. See Sea snake.
Sea serpent	A large marine animal of unknown nature, often reported to have been seen at sea, but never yet captured.
Seashell	The shell of any marine mollusk.
Seashore	The coast of the sea; the land that lies adjacent to the sea or ocean.
Seashore	All the ground between the ordinary highwater and low-water marks.
Seasick	Affected with seasickness.
Seasickness	The peculiar sickness, characterized by nausea and prostration, which is caused by the pitching or rolling of a vessel.
Seaside	The land bordering on, or adjacent to, the sea; the seashore. Also used adjectively.
Sea slater	Any isopod crustacean of the genus Ligia.
Sea slug	A holothurian.
Sea slug	A nudibranch mollusk.
Sea snail	A small fish of the genus Liparis, having a ventral sucker. It lives among stones and seaweeds.
Sea snail	Any small creeping marine gastropod, as the species of Littorina, Natica, etc.
Sea snake	Any one of many species of venomous aquatic snakes of the family Hydrophidae, having a flattened tail and living entirely in the sea, especially in the warmer parts of the Indian and Pacific Oceans. They feed upon fishes, and are mostly of moderate size, but some species become eight or ten feet long and four inches broad.
Sea snipe	A sandpiper, as the knot and dunlin.
Sea snipe	The bellows fish.
Season	One of the divisions of the year, marked by alternations in the length of day and night, or by distinct conditions of temperature, moisture, etc., caused mainly by the relative position of the earth with respect to the sun. In the north temperate zone, four seasons, namely, spring, summer, autumn, and winter, are generally recognized. Some parts of the world have three seasons, -- the dry, the rainy, and the cold; other parts have but two, -- the dry and the rainy.
Season	Hence, a period of time, especially as regards its fitness for anything contemplated or done; a suitable or convenient time; proper conjuncture; as, the season for planting; the season for rest.
Season	A period of time not very long; a while; a time.
Season	That which gives relish; seasoning.
Seasoned	of Season
Seasoning	of Season
Season	To render suitable or appropriate; to prepare; to fit.
Season	To fit for any use by time or habit; to habituate; to accustom; to inure; to ripen; to mature; as, to season one to a climate.
Season	Hence, to prepare by drying or hardening, or removal of natural juices; as, to season timber.
Season	To fit for taste; to render palatable; to give zest or relish to; to spice; as, to season food.
Season	Hence, to fit for enjoyment; to render agrecable.
Season	To qualify by admixture; to moderate; to temper.
Season	To imbue; to tinge or taint.
Season	To copulate with; to impregnate.
Season	To become mature; to grow fit for use; to become adapted to a climate.
Season	To become dry and hard, by the escape of the natural juices, or by being penetrated with other substance; as, timber seasons in the sun.
Season	To give token; to savor.
Seasonable	Occurring in good time, in due season, or in proper time for the purpose; suitable to the season; opportune; timely; as, a seasonable supply of rain.
Seasonage	A seasoning.
Seasonal	Of or pertaining to the seasons.
Seasoner	One who, or that which, seasons, or gives a relish; a seasoning.
Seasoning	The act or process by which anything is seasoned.
Seasoning	That which is added to any species of food, to give it a higher relish, as salt, spices, etc.; a condiment.
Seasoning	Hence, something added to enhance enjoyment or relieve dullness; as, wit is the seasoning of conversation.
Seasonless	Without succession of the seasons.
Sea spider	Any maioid crab; a spider crab. See Maioid, and Spider crab, under Spider.
Sea spider	Any pycnogonid.
Sea squirt	An ascidian. See Illust. under Tunicata.
Sea star	A starfish, or brittle star.
Sea surgeon	A surgeon fish.
Sea swallow	The common tern.
Sea swallow	The storm petrel.
Sea swallow	The gannet.
Sea swallow	See Cornish chough, under Chough.
Seat	The place or thing upon which one sits; hence; anything made to be sat in or upon, as a chair, bench, stool, saddle, or the like.
Seat	The place occupied by anything, or where any person or thing is situated, resides, or abides; a site; an abode, a station; a post; a situation.
Seat	That part of a thing on which a person sits; as, the seat of a chair or saddle; the seat of a pair of pantaloons.
Seat	A sitting; a right to sit; regular or appropriate place of sitting; as, a seat in a church; a seat for the season in the opera house.
Seat	Posture, or way of sitting, on horseback.
Seat	A part or surface on which another part or surface rests; as, a valve seat.
Seated	of Seat
Seating	of Seat
Seat	To place on a seat; to cause to sit down; as, to seat one's self.
Seat	To cause to occupy a post, site, situation, or the like; to station; to establish; to fix; to settle.
Seat	To assign a seat to, or the seats of; to give a sitting to; as, to seat a church, or persons in a church.
Seat	To fix; to set firm.
Seat	To settle; to plant with inhabitants; as to seat a country.
Seat	To put a seat or bottom in; as, to seat a chair.
Seat	To rest; to lie down.
Sea tang	A kind of seaweed; tang; tangle.
Sea term	A term used specifically by seamen; a nautical word or phrase.
Sea thief	A pirate.
Sea thongs	A kind of blackish seaweed (Himanthalia lorea) found on the northern coasts of the Atlantic. It has a thonglike forking process rising from a top-shaped base.
Seating	The act of providong with a seat or seats; as, the seating of an audience.
Seating	The act of making seats; also, the material for making seats; as, cane seating.
Sea titling	The rock pipit.
Seatless	Having no seat.
Sea toad	A sculpin.
Sea toad	A toadfish.
Sea toad	The angler.
Sea trout	Any one of several species of true trouts which descend rivers and enter the sea after spawning, as the European bull trout and salmon trout, and the eastern American spotted trout.
Sea trout	The common squeteague, and the spotted squeteague.
Sea trout	A California fish of the family Chiridae, especially Hexagrammus decagrammus; -- called also spotted rock trout. See Rock trout, under Rock.
Sea trout	A California sciaenoid fish (Cynoscion nobilis); -- called also white sea bass.
Sea trumpet	A great blackish seaweed of the Southern Ocean, having a hollow and expanding stem and a pinnate frond, sometimes twenty feet long.
Sea trumpet	Any large marine univalve shell of the genus Triton. See Triton.
Sea turn	A breeze, gale, or mist from the sea.
Sea turtle	Any one of several very large species of chelonians having the feet converted into paddles, as the green turtle, hawkbill, loggerhead, and leatherback. They inhabit all warm seas.
Sea turtle	The sea pigeon, or guillemot.
Sea unicorn	The narwhal.
Sea urchin	Any one of numerous species of echinoderms of the order Echinoidea.
Seave	A rush.
Seavy	Overgrown with rushes.
Sea wall	A wall, or embankment, to resist encroachments of the sea.
Sea-walled	Surrounded, bounded, or protected by the sea, as if by a wall.
Seawan	Alt. of Seawant
Seawant	The name used by the Algonquin Indians for the shell beads which passed among the Indians as money.
Seawand	See Sea girdles.
Seaward	Directed or situated toward the sea.
Seaward	Toward the sea.
Seaware	Seaweed; esp., coarse seaweed. See Ware, and Sea girdles.
Seaweed	Popularly, any plant or plants growing in the sea.
Seaweed	Any marine plant of the class Algae, as kelp, dulse, Fucus, Ulva, etc.
Sea whip	A gorgonian having a simple stem.
Sea widgeon	The scaup duck.
Sea widgeon	The pintail duck.
Seawives	of Seawife
Seawife	A European wrasse (Labrus vetula).
Sea willow	A gorgonian coral with long flexible branches.
Sea wing	A wing shell (Avicula).
Sea withwind	A kind of bindweed (Convolvulus Soldanella) growing on the seacoast of Europe.
Sea wolf	The wolf fish.
Sea wolf	The European sea perch.
Sea wolf	The sea elephant.
Sea wolf	A sea lion.
Sea woodcock	The bar-tailed godwit.
Sea wood louse	A sea slater.
Sea wormwood	A European species of wormwood (Artemisia maritima) growing by the sea.
Seaworthiness	The state or quality of being seaworthy, or able to resist the ordinary violence of wind and weather.
Seaworthy	Fit for a voyage; worthy of being trusted to transport a cargo with safety; as, a seaworthy ship.
Sea wrack	See Wrack.
Sebaceous	Pertaining to, or secreting, fat; composed of fat; having the appearance of fat; as, the sebaceous secretions of some plants, or the sebaceous humor of animals.
Sebacic	Of or pertaining to fat; derived from, or resembling, fat; specifically, designating an acid (formerly called also sebic, and pyroleic, acid), obtained by the distillation or saponification of certain oils (as castor oil) as a white crystalline substance.
Sebat	The eleventh month of the ancient Hebrew year, approximately corresponding with February.
Sebate	A salt of sebacic acid.
Sebesten	The mucilaginous drupaceous fruit of two East Indian trees (Cordia Myxa, and C. latifolia), sometimes used medicinally in pectoral diseases.
Sebic	See Sebacic.
Sebiferous	Producing vegetable tallow.
Sebiferous	Producing fat; sebaceous; as, the sebiferous, or sebaceous, glands.
Sebiparous	Same as Sebiferous.
Seborrhea	A morbidly increased discharge of sebaceous matter upon the skin; stearrhea.
Secale	A genus of cereal grasses including rye.
Secancy	A cutting; an intersection; as, the point of secancy of one line by another.
Secant	Cutting; divivding into two parts; as, a secant line.
Secant	A line that cuts another; especially, a straight line cutting a curve in two or more points.
Secant	A right line drawn from the center of a circle through one end of a circular arc, and terminated by a tangent drawn from the other end; the number expressing the ratio line of this line to the radius of the circle. See Trigonometrical function, under Function.
Secco	Dry.
Seceded	of Secede
Seceding	of Secede
Secede	To withdraw from fellowship, communion, or association; to separate one's self by a solemn act; to draw off; to retire; especially, to withdraw from a political or religious body.
Seceder	One who secedes.
Seceder	One of a numerous body of Presbyterians in Scotland who seceded from the communion of the Established Church, about the year 1733, and formed the Secession Church, so called.
Secerned	of Secern
Secerning	of Secern
Secern	To separate; to distinguish.
Secern	To secrete; as, mucus secerned in the nose.
Secernent	Secreting; secretory.
Secernent	That which promotes secretion.
Secernent	A vessel in, or by means of, which the process of secretion takes place; a secreting vessel.
Secernment	The act or process of secreting.
Secess	Retirement; retreat; secession.
Secession	The act of seceding; separation from fellowship or association with others, as in a religious or political organization; withdrawal.
Secession	The withdrawal of a State from the national Union.
Secessionism	The doctrine or policy of secession; the tenets of secession; the tenets of secessionists.
Secessionist	One who upholds secession.
Secessionist	One who holds to the belief that a State has the right to separate from the Union at its will.
Seche	To seek.
Sechium	The edible fruit of a West Indian plant (Sechium edule) of the Gourd family. It is soft, pear-shaped, and about four inches long, and contains a single large seed. The root of the plant resembles a yam, and is used for food.
Seck	Barren; unprofitable. See Rent seck, under Rent.
Seckel	A small reddish brown sweet and juicy pear. It originated on a farm near Philadelphia, afterwards owned by a Mr. Seckel.
Secle	A century.
Secluded	of Seclude
Secluding	of Seclude
Seclude	To shut up apart from others; to withdraw into, or place in, solitude; to separate from society or intercourse with others.
Seclude	To shut or keep out; to exclude.
Seclusion	The act of secluding, or the state of being secluded; separation from society or connection; a withdrawing; privacy; as, to live in seclusion.
Seclusive	Tending to seclude; keeping in seclusion; secluding; sequestering.
Second	Immediately following the first; next to the first in order of place or time; hence, occuring again; another; other.
Second	Next to the first in value, power, excellence, dignity, or rank; secondary; subordinate; inferior.
Second	Being of the same kind as another that has preceded; another, like a protype; as, a second Cato; a second Troy; a second deluge.
Second	One who, or that which, follows, or comes after; one next and inferior in place, time, rank, importance, excellence, or power.
Second	One who follows or attends another for his support and aid; a backer; an assistant; specifically, one who acts as another's aid in a duel.
Second	Aid; assistance; help.
Second	An article of merchandise of a grade inferior to the best; esp., a coarse or inferior kind of flour.
Second	The sixtieth part of a minute of time or of a minute of space, that is, the second regular subdivision of the degree; as, sound moves about 1,140 English feet in a second; five minutes and ten seconds north of this place.
Second	In the duodecimal system of mensuration, the twelfth part of an inch or prime; a line. See Inch, and Prime, n., 8.
Second	The interval between any tone and the tone which is represented on the degree of the staff next above it.
Second	The second part in a concerted piece; -- often popularly applied to the alto.
Seconded	of Second
Seconding	of Second
Second	To follow in the next place; to succeed; to alternate.
Second	To follow or attend for the purpose of assisting; to support; to back; to act as the second of; to assist; to forward; to encourage.
Second	Specifically, to support, as a motion or proposal, by adding one's voice to that of the mover or proposer.
Secondarily	In a secondary manner or degree.
Secondarily	Secondly; in the second place.
Secondariness	The state of being secondary.
Secondary	Suceeding next in order to the first; of second place, origin, rank, rank, etc.; not primary; subordinate; not of the first order or rate.
Secondary	Acting by deputation or delegated authority; as, the work of secondary hands.
Secondary	Possessing some quality, or having been subject to some operation (as substitution), in the second degree; as, a secondary salt, a secondary amine, etc. Cf. primary.
Secondary	Subsequent in origin; -- said of minerals produced by alteertion or deposition subsequent to the formation of the original rocks mass; also of characters of minerals (as secondary cleavage, etc.) developed by pressure or other causes.
Secondary	Pertaining to the second joint of the wing of a bird.
Secondary	Dependent or consequent upon another disease; as, Bright's disease is often secondary to scarlet fever. (b) Occuring in the second stage of a disease; as, the secondary symptoms of syphilis.
Secondaries	of Secondary
Secondary	One who occupies a subordinate, inferior, or auxiliary place; a delegate deputy; one who is second or next to the chief officer; as, the secondary, or undersheriff of the city of London.
Secondary	A secondary circle.
Secondary	A satellite.
Secondary	A secondary quill.
Second-class	Of the rank or degree below the best highest; inferior; second-rate; as, a second-class house; a second-class passage.
Seconder	One who seconds or supports what another attempts, affirms, moves, or proposes; as, the seconder of an enterprise or of a motion.
Secondhand	Not original or primary; received from another.
Secondhand	Not new; already or previously or used by another; as, a secondhand book, garment.
Secondly	In the second place.
Secondo	The second part in a concerted piece.
Second-rate	Of the second size, rank, quality, or value; as, a second-rate ship; second-rate cloth; a second-rate champion.
Second-sight	The power of discerning what is not visible to the physical eye, or of foreseeing future events, esp. such as are of a disastrous kind; the capacity of a seer; prophetic vision.
Second-sighted	Having the power of second-sight.
Secre	Secret; secretive; faithful to a secret.
Secre	A secret.
Secrecies	of Secrecy
Secrecy	The state or quality of being hidden; as, his movements were detected in spite of their secrecy.
Secrecy	That which is concealed; a secret.
Secrecy	Seclusion; privacy; retirement.
Secrecy	The quality of being secretive; fidelity to a secret; forbearance of disclosure or discovery.
Secrely	Secretly.
Secreness	Secrecy; privacy.
Secret	Hidden; concealed; as, secret treasure; secret plans; a secret vow.
Secret	Withdraw from general intercourse or notice; in retirement or secrecy; secluded.
Secret	Faithful to a secret; not inclined to divulge or betray confidence; secretive.
Secret	Separate; distinct.
Secret	Something studiously concealed; a thing kept from general knowledge; what is not revealed, or not to be revealed.
Secret	A thing not discovered; what is unknown or unexplained; a mystery.
Secret	The parts which modesty and propriety require to be concealed; the genital organs.
Secret	To keep secret.
Secretage	A process in which mercury, or some of its salts, is employed to impart the property of felting to certain kinds of furs.
Secretarial	Of or pertaining to a secretary; befitting a secretary.
Secretariat	Alt. of Secretariate
Secretariate	The office of a secretary; the place where a secretary transacts business, keeps records, etc.
Secretaries	of Secretary
Secretary	One who keeps, or is intrusted with, secrets.
Secretary	A person employed to write orders, letters, dispatches, public or private papers, records, and the like; an official scribe, amanuensis, or writer; one who attends to correspondence, and transacts other business, for an association, a public body, or an individual.
Secretary	An officer of state whose business is to superintend and manage the affairs of a particular department of government, and who is usually a member of the cabinet or advisory council of the chief executive; as, the secretary of state, who conducts the correspondence and attends to the relations of a government with foreign courts; the secretary of the treasury, who manages the department of finance; the secretary of war, etc.
Secretary	A piece of furniture, with conveniences for writing and for the arrangement of papers; an escritoire.
Secretary	The secretary bird.
Secretaryship	The office, or the term of office, of a secretary.
Secreted	of Secrete
Secreting	of Secrete
Secrete	To deposit in a place of hiding; to hide; to conceal; as, to secrete stolen goods; to secrete one's self.
Secrete	To separate from the blood and elaborate by the process of secretion; to elaborate and emit as a secretion. See Secretion.
Secretion	The act of secreting or concealing; as, the secretion of dutiable goods.
Secretion	The act of secreting; the process by which material is separated from the blood through the agency of the cells of the various glands and elaborated by the cells into new substances so as to form the various secretions, as the saliva, bile, and other digestive fluids. The process varies in the different glands, and hence are formed the various secretions.
Secretion	Any substance or fluid secreted, or elaborated and emitted, as the gastric juice.
Secretist	A dealer in secrets.
Secretitious	Parted by animal secretion; as, secretitious humors.
Secretive	Tending to secrete, or to keep secret or private; as, a secretive disposition.
Secretiveness	The quality of being secretive; disposition or tendency to conceal.
Secretiveness	The faculty or propensity which impels to reserve, secrecy, or concealment.
Secretly	In a secret manner.
Secretness	The state or quality of being secret, hid, or concealed.
Secretness	Secretiveness; concealment.
Secrete-metory	Causing secretion; -- said of nerves which go to glands and influence secretion.
Secretory	Secreting; performing, or connected with, the office secretion; secernent; as, secretory vessels, nerves.
Secretory	A secretory vessel; a secernent.
Sect	A cutting; a scion.
Sect	Those following a particular leader or authority, or attached to a certain opinion; a company or set having a common belief or allegiance distinct from others; in religion, the believers in a particular creed, or upholders of a particular practice; especially, in modern times, a party dissenting from an established church; a denomination; in philosophy, the disciples of a particular master; a school; in society and the state, an order, rank, class, or party.
Sectant	One of the portions of space bounded by the three coordinate planes. Specif. (Crystallog.), one of the parts of a crystal into which it is divided by the axial planes.
Sectarian	Pertaining to a sect, or to sects; peculiar to a sect; bigotedly attached to the tenets and interests of a denomination; as, sectarian principles or prejudices.
Sectarian	One of a sect; a member or adherent of a special school, denomination, or religious or philosophical party; one of a party in religion which has separated itself from established church, or which holds tenets different from those of the prevailing denomination in a state.
Sectarianism	The quality or character of a sectarian; devotion to the interests of a party; excess of partisan or denominational zeal; adherence to a separate church organization.
Sectarianize	To imbue with sectarian feelings; to subject to the control of a sect.
Sectarism	Sectarianism.
Sectarist	A sectary.
Sectaries	of Sectary
Sectary	A sectarian; a member or adherent of a sect; a follower or disciple of some particular teacher in philosophy or religion; one who separates from an established church; a dissenter.
Sectator	A follower; a disciple; an adherent to a sect.
Sectile	Capable of being cut; specifically (Min.), capable of being severed by the knife with a smooth cut; -- said of minerals.
Sectility	The state or quality of being sectile.
Section	The act of cutting, or separation by cutting; as, the section of bodies.
Section	A part separated from something; a division; a portion; a slice.
Section	A distinct part or portion of a book or writing; a subdivision of a chapter; the division of a law or other writing; a paragraph; an article; hence, the character /, often used to denote such a division.
Section	A distinct part of a country or people, community, class, or the like; a part of a territory separated by geographical lines, or of a people considered as distinct.
Section	One of the portions, of one square mile each, into which the public lands of the United States are divided; one thirty-sixth part of a township. These sections are subdivided into quarter sections for sale under the homestead and preemption laws.
Section	The figure made up of all the points common to a superficies and a solid which meet, or to two superficies which meet, or to two lines which meet. In the first case the section is a superficies, in the second a line, and in the third a point.
Section	A division of a genus; a group of species separated by some distinction from others of the same genus; -- often indicated by the sign /.
Section	A part of a musical period, composed of one or more phrases. See Phrase.
Section	The description or representation of anything as it would appear if cut through by any intersecting plane; depiction of what is beyond a plane passing through, or supposed to pass through, an object, as a building, a machine, a succession of strata; profile.
Sectional	Of or pertaining to a sections or distinct part of larger body or territory; local.
Sectional	Consisting of sections, or capable of being divided into sections; as, a sectional steam boiler.
Sectionalism	A disproportionate regard for the interests peculiar to a section of the country; local patriotism, as distinguished from national.
Sectionality	The state or quality of being sectional; sectionalism.
Sectionalize	To divide according to gepgraphical sections or local interests.
Sectionally	In a sectional manner.
Sectionize	To form into sections.
Sectism	Devotion to a sect.
Sectist	One devoted to a sect; a soetary.
Sectiuncle	A little or petty sect.
Sector	A part of a circle comprehended between two radii and the included arc.
Sector	A mathematical instrument, consisting of two rulers connected at one end by a joint, each arm marked with several scales, as of equal parts, chords, sines, tangents, etc., one scale of each kind on each arm, and all on lines radiating from the common center of motion. The sector is used for plotting, etc., to any scale.
Sector	An astronomical instrument, the limb of which embraces a small portion only of a circle, used for measuring differences of declination too great for the compass of a micrometer. When it is used for measuring zenith distances of stars, it is called a zenith sector.
Sectoral	Of or pertaining to a sector; as, a sectoral circle.
Sectorial	Adapted for cutting.
Sectorial	A sectorial, or carnassial, tooth.
Secular	Coming or observed once in an age or a century.
Secular	Pertaining to an age, or the progress of ages, or to a long period of time; accomplished in a long progress of time; as, secular inequality; the secular refrigeration of the globe.
Secular	Of or pertaining to this present world, or to things not spiritual or holy; relating to temporal as distinguished from eternal interests; not immediately or primarily respecting the soul, but the body; worldly.
Secular	Not regular; not bound by monastic vows or rules; not confined to a monastery, or subject to the rules of a religious community; as, a secular priest.
Secular	Belonging to the laity; lay; not clerical.
Secular	A secular ecclesiastic, or one not bound by monastic rules.
Secular	A church official whose functions are confined to the vocal department of the choir.
Secular	A layman, as distinguished from a clergyman.
Secularism	The state or quality of being secular; a secular spirit; secularity.
Secularism	The tenets or principles of the secularists.
Secularist	One who theoretically rejects every form of religious faith, and every kind of religious worship, and accepts only the facts and influences which are derived from the present life; also, one who believes that education and other matters of civil policy should be managed without the introduction of a religious element.
Secularity	Supreme attention to the things of the present life; worldliness.
Secularization	The act of rendering secular, or the state of being rendered secular; conversion from regular or monastic to secular; conversion from religious to lay or secular possession and uses; as, the secularization of church property.
Secularized	of Secularize
Secularizing	of Secularize
Secularize	To convert from regular or monastic into secular; as, to secularize a priest or a monk.
Secularize	To convert from spiritual or common use; as, to secularize a church, or church property.
Secularize	To make worldly or unspiritual.
Secularly	In a secular or worldly manner.
Secularness	The quality or state of being secular; worldliness; worldly-minded-ness.
Secund	Arranged on one side only, as flowers or leaves on a stalk.
Secundate	To make prosperous.
Secundation	Prosperity.
Secundine	The second coat, or integument, of an ovule, lying within the primine.
Secundine	The afterbirth, or placenta and membranes; -- generally used in the plural.
Secundo-geniture	A right of inheritance belonging to a second son; a property or possession so inherited.
Securable	That may be secured.
Secure	Free from fear, care, or anxiety; easy in mind; not feeling suspicion or distrust; confident.
Secure	Overconfident; incautious; careless; -- in a bad sense.
Secure	Confident in opinion; not entertaining, or not having reason to entertain, doubt; certain; sure; -- commonly with of; as, secure of a welcome.
Secure	Net exposed to danger; safe; -- applied to persons and things, and followed by against or from.
Secured	of Secure
Securing	of Secure
Secure	To make safe; to relieve from apprehensions of, or exposure to, danger; to guard; to protect.
Secure	To put beyond hazard of losing or of not receiving; to make certain; to assure; to insure; -- frequently with against or from, rarely with of; as, to secure a creditor against loss; to secure a debt by a mortgage.
Secure	To make fast; to close or confine effectually; to render incapable of getting loose or escaping; as, to secure a prisoner; to secure a door, or the hatches of a ship.
Secure	To get possession of; to make one's self secure of; to acquire certainly; as, to secure an estate.
Securely	In a secure manner; without fear or apprehension; without danger; safely.
Securement	The act of securing; protection.
Secureness	The condition or quality of being secure; exemption from fear; want of vigilance; security.
Securer	One who, or that which, secures.
Securifera	The Serrifera.
Securiform	Having the form of an ax hatchet.
Securipalp	One of a family of beetles having the maxillary palpi terminating in a hatchet-shaped joint.
Securities	of Security
Security	The condition or quality of being secure; secureness.
Security	Freedom from apprehension, anxiety, or care; confidence of power of safety; hence, assurance; certainty.
Security	Hence, carelessness; negligence; heedlessness.
Security	Freedom from risk; safety.
Security	That which secures or makes safe; protection; guard; defense.
Security	Something given, deposited, or pledged, to make certain the fulfillment of an obligation, the performance of a contract, the payment of a debt, or the like; surety; pledge.
Security	One who becomes surety for another, or engages himself for the performance of another's obligation.
Security	An evidence of debt or of property, as a bond, a certificate of stock, etc.; as, government securities.
Sedan	A portable chair or covered vehicle for carrying a single person, -- usually borne on poles by two men. Called also sedan chair.
Sedate	Undisturbed by passion or caprice; calm; tranquil; serene; not passionate or giddy; composed; staid; as, a sedate soul, mind, or temper.
Sedation	The act of calming, or the state of being calm.
Sedative	Tending to calm, moderate, or tranquilize
Sedative	allaying irritability and irritation; assuaging pain.
Sedative	A remedy which allays irritability and irritation, and irritative activity or pain.
Sedent	Sitting; inactive; quiet.
Sedentarily	In a sedentary manner.
Sedentariness	Quality of being sedentary.
Sedentary	Accustomed to sit much or long; as, a sedentary man.
Sedentary	Characterized by, or requiring, much sitting; as, a sedentary employment; a sedentary life.
Sedentary	Inactive; motionless; sluggish; hence, calm; tranquil.
Sedentary	Caused by long sitting.
Sedentary	Remaining in one place, especially when firmly attached to some object; as, the oyster is a sedentary mollusk; the barnacles are sedentary crustaceans.
Sederunt	A sitting, as of a court or other body.
Sedge	Any plant of the genus Carex, perennial, endogenous herbs, often growing in dense tufts in marshy places. They have triangular jointless stems, a spiked inflorescence, and long grasslike leaves which are usually rough on the margins and midrib. There are several hundred species.
Sedge	A flock of herons.
Sedged	Made or composed of sedge.
Sedgy	Overgrown with sedge.
Sedilia	Seats in the chancel of a church near the altar for the officiating clergy during intervals of service.
Sediment	The matter which subsides to the bottom, frrom water or any other liquid; settlings; lees; dregs.
Sediment	The material of which sedimentary rocks are formed.
Sedimental	Sedimentary.
Sedimentary	Of or pertaining to sediment; formed by sediment; containing matter that has subsided.
Sedimentation	The act of depositing a sediment; specifically (Geol.), the deposition of the material of which sedimentary rocks are formed.
Sedition	The raising of commotion in a state, not amounting to insurrection; conduct tending to treason, but without an overt act; excitement of discontent against the government, or of resistance to lawful authority.
Sedition	Dissension; division; schism.
Seditionary	An inciter or promoter of sedition.
Seditious	Of or pertaining to sedition; partaking of the nature of, or tending to excite, sedition; as, seditious behavior; seditious strife; seditious words.
Seditious	Disposed to arouse, or take part in, violent opposition to lawful authority; turbulent; factious; guilty of sedition; as, seditious citizens.
Sedlitz	Same as Seidlitz.
Seduced	of Seduce
Seducing	of Seduce
Seduce	To draw aside from the path of rectitude and duty in any manner; to entice to evil; to lead astray; to tempt and lead to iniquity; to corrupt.
Seduce	Specifically, to induce to surrender chastity; to debauch by means of solicitation.
Seducement	The act of seducing.
Seducement	The means employed to seduce, as flattery, promises, deception, etc.; arts of enticing or corrupting.
Seducer	One who, or that which, seduces; specifically, one who prevails over the chastity of a woman by enticements and persuasions.
Seducible	Capable of being seduced; corruptible.
Seducing	Seductive.
Seduction	The act of seducing; enticement to wrong doing; specifically, the offense of inducing a woman to consent to unlawful sexual intercourse, by enticements which overcome her scruples; the wrong or crime of persuading a woman to surrender her chastity.
Seduction	That which seduces, or is adapted to seduce; means of leading astray; as, the seductions of wealth.
Seductive	Tending to lead astray; apt to mislead by flattering appearances; tempting; alluring; as, a seductive offer.
Seductively	In a seductive manner.
Seductress	A woman who seduces.
Sedulity	The quality or state of being sedulous; diligent and assiduous application; constant attention; unremitting industry; sedulousness.
Sedulous	Diligent in application or pursuit; constant, steady, and persevering in business, or in endeavors to effect an object; steadily industrious; assiduous; as, the sedulous bee.
Sedum	A genus of plants, mostly perennial, having succulent leaves and cymose flowers; orpine; stonecrop.
See	A seat; a site; a place where sovereign power is exercised.
See	Specifically: (a) The seat of episcopal power; a diocese; the jurisdiction of a bishop; as, the see of New York. (b) The seat of an archibishop; a province or jurisdiction of an archibishop; as, an archiepiscopal see. (c) The seat, place, or office of the pope, or Roman pontiff; as, the papal see. (d) The pope or his court at Rome; as, to appeal to the see of Rome.
Saw	of See
Seen	of See
Seeing	of See
See	To perceive by the eye; to have knowledge of the existence and apparent qualities of by the organs of sight; to behold; to descry; to view.
See	To perceive by mental vision; to form an idea or conception of; to note with the mind; to observe; to discern; to distinguish; to understand; to comprehend; to ascertain.
See	To follow with the eyes, or as with the eyes; to watch; to regard attentivelly; to look after.
See	To have an interview with; especially, to make a call upon; to visit; as, to go to see a friend.
See	To fall in with; to have intercourse or communication with; hence, to have knowledge or experience of; as, to see military service.
See	To accompany in person; to escort; to wait upon; as, to see one home; to see one aboard the cars.
See	To have the power of sight, or of perceiving by the proper organs; to possess or employ the sense of vision; as, he sees distinctly.
See	Figuratively: To have intellectual apprehension; to perceive; to know; to understand; to discern; -- often followed by a preposition, as through, or into.
See	To be attentive; to take care; to give heed; -- generally with to; as, to see to the house.
Seed	of Seed
Seeds	of Seed
Seed	A ripened ovule, consisting of an embryo with one or more integuments, or coverings; as, an apple seed; a currant seed. By germination it produces a new plant.
Seed	Any small seedlike fruit, though it may consist of a pericarp, or even a calyx, as well as the seed proper; as, parsnip seed; thistle seed.
Seed	The generative fluid of the male; semen; sperm; -- not used in the plural.
Seed	That from which anything springs; first principle; original; source; as, the seeds of virtue or vice.
Seed	The principle of production.
Seed	Progeny; offspring; children; descendants; as, the seed of Abraham; the seed of David.
Seed	Race; generation; birth.
Seeded	of Seed
Seeding	of Seed
Seed	To sprinkle with seed; to plant seeds in; to sow; as, to seed a field.
Seed	To cover thinly with something scattered; to ornament with seedlike decorations.
Seedbox	A capsule.
Seedbox	A plant (Ludwigia alternifolia) which has somewhat cubical or box-shaped capsules.
Seedcake	A sweet cake or cooky containing aromatic seeds, as caraway.
Seedcod	A seedlip.
Seeder	One who, or that which, sows or plants seed.
Seediness	The quality or state of being seedy, shabby, or worn out; a state of wretchedness or exhaustion.
Seed-lac	A species of lac. See the Note under Lac.
Seedless	Without seed or seeds.
Seedling	A plant reared from the seed, as distinguished from one propagated by layers, buds, or the like.
Seedlip	Alt. of Seedlop
Seedlop	A vessel in which a sower carries the seed to be scattered.
Seedman	Seedsman.
Seedness	Seedtime.
Seedsmen	of Seedsman
Seedsman	A sower; one who sows or scatters seed.
Seedsman	A person who deals in seeds.
Seedtime	The season proper for sowing.
Seedy	Abounding with seeds; bearing seeds; having run to seeds.
Seedy	Having a peculiar flavor supposed to be derived from the weeds growing among the vines; -- said of certain kinds of French brandy.
Seedy	Old and worn out; exhausted; spiritless; also, poor and miserable looking; shabbily clothed; shabby looking; as, he looked seedy coat.
Seeing	In view of the fact (that); considering; taking into account (that); insmuch as; since; because; -- followed by a dependent clause; as, he did well, seeing that he was so young.
Seek	Sick.
Sought	of Seek
Seeking	of Seek
Seek	To go in search of; to look for; to search for; to try to find.
Seek	To inquire for; to ask for; to solicit; to bessech.
Seek	To try to acquire or gain; to strive after; to aim at; as, to seek wealth or fame; to seek one's life.
Seek	To try to reach or come to; to go to; to resort to.
Seek	To make search or inquiry: to endeavor to make discovery.
Seeker	One who seeks; that which is used in seeking or searching.
Seeker	One of a small heterogeneous sect of the 17th century, in Great Britain, who professed to be seeking the true church, ministry, and sacraments.
Seek-no-further	A kind of choice winter apple, having a subacid taste; -- formerly called go-no-further.
Seek-sorrow	One who contrives to give himself vexation.
Seeled	of Seel
Seeling	of Seel
Seel	To close the eyes of (a hawk or other bird) by drawing through the lids threads which were fastened over the head.
Seel	Hence, to shut or close, as the eyes; to blind.
Seel	To incline to one side; to lean; to roll, as a ship at sea.
Seel	Alt. of Seeling
Seeling	The rolling or agitation of a ship in a storm.
Seel	Good fortune; favorable opportunity; prosperity. [Obs.] "So have I seel".
Seel	Time; season; as, hay seel.
Seelily	In a silly manner.
Seely	See Silly.
Seemed	of Seem
Seeming	of Seem
Seem	To appear, or to appear to be; to have a show or semblance; to present an appearance; to look; to strike one's apprehension or fancy as being; to be taken as.
Seem	To befit; to beseem.
Seemer	One who seems; one who carries or assumes an appearance or semblance.
Seeming	Having a semblance, whether with or without reality; apparent; specious; befitting; as, seeming friendship; seeming truth.
Seeming	Appearance; show; semblance; fair appearance; speciousness.
Seeming	Apprehension; judgment.
Seemingly	In appearance; in show; in semblance; apparently; ostensibly.
Seemingness	Semblance; fair appearance; plausibility.
Seemless	Unseemly.
Seemlily	In a seemly manner.
Seemliness	The quality or state of being seemly: comeliness; propriety.
Seemly	Suited to the object, occasion, purpose, or character; suitable; fit; becoming; comely; decorous.
Seemly	In a decent or suitable manner; becomingly.
Seemlyhed	Comely or decent appearance.
Seen	p. p. of See.
Seen	Versed; skilled; accomplished.
Seep	Alt. of Sipe
Sipe	To run or soak through fine pores and interstices; to ooze.
Seepage	Alt. of Sipage
Sipage	Water that seeped or oozed through a porous soil.
Seepy	Alt. of Sipy
Sipy	Oozy; -- applied to land under cultivation that is not well drained.
Seer	Sore; painful.
Seer	One who sees.
Seer	A person who foresees events; a prophet.
Seeress	A female seer; a prophetess.
Seerfish	A scombroid food fish of Madeira (Cybium Commersonii).
Seerhand	A kind of muslin of a texture between nainsook and mull.
Seership	The office or quality of a seer.
Seersucker	A light fabric, originally made in the East Indies, of silk and linen, usually having alternating stripes, and a slightly craped or puckered surface; also, a cotton fabric of similar appearance.
Seerwood	Dry wood.
Seesaw	A play among children in which they are seated upon the opposite ends of a plank which is balanced in the middle, and move alternately up and down.
Seesaw	A plank or board adjusted for this play.
Seesaw	A vibratory or reciprocating motion.
Seesaw	Same as Crossruff.
Seesawad	of Seesaw
Seesawing	of Seesaw
Seesaw	To move with a reciprocating motion; to move backward and forward, or upward and downward.
Seesaw	To cause to move backward and forward in seesaw fashion.
Seesaw	Moving up and down, or to and fro; having a reciprocating motion.
Seet	Sate; sat.
Seeth	imp. of Seethe.
Seethed	of Seethe
Sod	of Seethe
Seethed	of Seethe
Sodden	of Seethe
Seething	of Seethe
Seethe	To decoct or prepare for food in hot liquid; to boil; as, to seethe flesh.
Seethe	To be a state of ebullition or violent commotion; to be hot; to boil.
Seether	A pot for boiling things; a boiler.
Seg	Sedge.
Seg	The gladen, and other species of Iris.
Seg	A castrated bull.
Segar	See Cigar.
Seggar	A case or holder made of fire clay, in which fine pottery is inclosed while baking in the kin.
Segge	The hedge sparrow.
Segment	One of the parts into which any body naturally separates or is divided; a part divided or cut off; a section; a portion; as, a segment of an orange; a segment of a compound or divided leaf.
Segment	A part cut off from a figure by a line or plane; especially, that part of a circle contained between a chord and an arc of that circle, or so much of the circle as is cut off by the chord; as, the segment acb in the Illustration.
Segment	A piece in the form of the sector of a circle, or part of a ring; as, the segment of a sectional fly wheel or flywheel rim.
Segment	A segment gear.
Segment	One of the cells or division formed by segmentation, as in egg cleavage or in fissiparous cell formation.
Segment	One of the divisions, rings, or joints into which many animal bodies are divided; a somite; a metamere; a somatome.
Segment	To divide or separate into parts in growth; to undergo segmentation, or cleavage, as in the segmentation of the ovum.
Segmental	Relating to, or being, a segment.
Segmental	Of or pertaining to the segments of animals; as, a segmental duct; segmental papillae.
Segmental	Of or pertaining to the segmental organs.
Segmentation	The act or process of dividing into segments; specifically (Biol.), a self-division into segments as a result of growth; cell cleavage; cell multiplication; endogenous cell formation.
Segmented	Divided into segments or joints; articulated.
Segnitude	Alt. of Segnity
Segnity	Sluggishness; dullness; inactivity.
Segno	A sign. See Al segno, and Dal segno.
Sego	A liliaceous plant (Calochortus Nuttallii) of Western North America, and its edible bulb; -- so called by the Ute Indians and the Mormons.
Segregate	Separate; select.
Segregate	Separated from others of the same kind.
Segregated	of Segregate
Segregating	of Segregate
Segregate	To separate from others; to set apart.
Segregate	To separate from a mass, and collect together about centers or along lines of fracture, as in the process of crystallization or solidification.
Segregation	The act of segregating, or the state of being segregated; separation from others; a parting.
Segregation	Separation from a mass, and gathering about centers or into cavities at hand through cohesive attraction or the crystallizing process.
Seiches	Local oscillations in level observed in the case of some lakes, as Lake Geneva.
Seid	A descendant of Mohammed through his daughter Fatima and nephew Ali.
Seidlitz	Of or pertaining to Seidlitz, a village in Bohemia.
Seigh	obs. imp. sing. of See. Saw.
Seigneurial	Of or pertaining to the lord of a manor; manorial.
Seigneurial	Vested with large powers; independent.
Seignior	A lord; the lord of a manor.
Seignior	A title of honor or of address in the South of Europe, corresponding to Sir or Mr. in English.
Seigniorage	Something claimed or taken by virtue of sovereign prerogative; specifically, a charge or toll deducted from bullion brought to a mint to be coined; the difference between the cost of a mass of bullion and the value as money of the pieces coined from it.
Seigniorage	A share of the receipts of a business taken in payment for the use of a right, as a copyright or a patent.
Seignioral	Of or pertaining to a seignior; seigneurial.
Seignioralty	The territory or authority of a seignior, or lord.
Seigniorial	Same as Seigneurial.
Seigniorize	To lord it over.
-ies	of Seigniory
Seigniory	The power or authority of a lord; dominion.
Seigniory	The territory over which a lord holds jurisdiction; a manor.
Seine	A large net, one edge of which is provided with sinkers, and the other with floats. It hangs vertically in the water, and when its ends are brought together or drawn ashore incloses the fish.
Seiner	One who fishes with a seine.
Seining	Fishing with a seine.
Seint	A girdle.
Seint	A saint.
Seintuary	Sanctuary.
Seirfish	Same as Seerfish.
Seirospore	One of several spores arranged in a chain as in certain algae of the genus Callithamnion.
Seise	See Seize.
Seisin	See Seizin.
Seismic	Alt. of Seismal
Seismal	Of or pertaining to an earthquake; caused by an earthquake.
Seismograph	An apparatus for registering the shocks and undulatory motions of earthquakes.
Seismographic	Of or pertaining to a seismograph; indicated by a seismograph.
Seismography	A writing about, or a description of, earthquakes.
Seismography	The art of registering the shocks and undulatory movements of earthquakes.
Seismological	Of or pertaining to seismology.
Seismology	The science of earthquakes.
Seismometer	An instrument for measuring the direction, duration, and force of earthquakes and like concussions.
Seismometric	Of or pertaining to seismometry, or seismometer; as, seismometric instruments; seismometric measurements.
Seismometry	The mensuration of such phenomena of earthquakes as can be expressed in numbers, or by their relation to the coordinates of space.
Seismoscope	A seismometer.
Seity	Something peculiar to one's self.
Seizable	That may be seized.
Seized	of Seize
Seizing	of Seize
Seize	To fall or rush upon suddenly and lay hold of; to gripe or grasp suddenly; to reach and grasp.
Seize	To take possession of by force.
Seize	To invade suddenly; to take sudden hold of; to come upon suddenly; as, a fever seizes a patient.
Seize	To take possession of by virtue of a warrant or other legal authority; as, the sheriff seized the debtor's goods.
Seize	To fasten; to fix.
Seize	To grap with the mind; to comprehend fully and distinctly; as, to seize an idea.
Seize	To bind or fasten together with a lashing of small stuff, as yarn or marline; as, to seize ropes.
Seizer	One who, or that which, seizes.
Seizin	Possession; possession of an estate of froehold. It may be either in deed or in law; the former when there is actual possession, the latter when there is a right to such possession by construction of law. In some of the United States seizin means merely ownership.
Seizin	The act of taking possession.
Seizin	The thing possessed; property.
Seizing	The act of taking or grasping suddenly.
Seizing	The operation of fastening together or lashing.
Seizing	The cord or lashing used for such fastening.
Seizor	One who seizes, or takes possession.
Seizure	The act of seizing, or the state of being seized; sudden and violent grasp or gripe; a taking into possession; as, the seizure of a thief, a property, a throne, etc. 
Seizure	Retention within one's grasp or power; hold; possession; ownership.
Seizure	That which is seized, or taken possession of; a thing laid hold of, or possessed.
Sejant	Alt. of Sejeant
Sejeant	Sitting, as a lion or other beast.
Sejein	To separate.
Sejunction	The act of disjoining, or the state of being disjoined.
Sejungible	Capable of being disjoined.
Seke	Sick.
Seke	To seek.
Sekes	A place in a pagan temple in which the images of the deities were inclosed.
Selachian	One of the Selachii. See Illustration in Appendix.
Selachii	An order of elasmobranchs including the sharks and rays; the Plagiostomi. Called also Selacha, Selache, and Selachoidei.
Selachoidei	Same as Selachii.
Selachostomi	A division of ganoid fishes which includes the paddlefish, in which the mouth is armed with small teeth.
Selaginella	A genus of cryptogamous plants resembling Lycopodia, but producing two kinds of spores; also, any plant of this genus. Many species are cultivated in conservatories.
Selah	A word of doubtful meaning, occuring frequently in the Psalms; by some, supposed to signify silence or a pause in the musical performance of the song.
Selcouth	Rarely known; unusual; strange.
Seld	Rare; uncommon; unusual.
Seld	Rarely; seldom.
Selden	Seldom.
Seldem	Rarely; not often; not frequently.
Seldom	Rare; infrequent.
Seldomness	Rareness.
Seldseen	Seldom seen.
Seldshewn	Rarely shown or exhibited.
Select	Taken from a number by preferance; picked out as more valuable or exellent than others; of special value or exellence; nicely chosen; selected; choice.
Selected	of Select
Selecting	of Select
Select	To choose and take from a number; to take by preference from among others; to pick out; to cull; as, to select the best authors for perusal.
Selectedly	With care and selection.
Selection	The act of selecting, or the state of being selected; choice, by preference.
Selection	That which is selected; a collection of things chosen; as, a choice selection of books.
Selective	Selecting; tending to select.
Selectmen	of Selectman
Selectman	One of a board of town officers chosen annually in the New England States to transact the general public business of the town, and have a kind of executive authority. The number is usually from three to seven in each town.
Selectness	The quality or state of being select.
Selector	One who selects.
Selenate	A salt of selenic acid; -- formerly called also seleniate.
Selenhydric	Of, pertaining to, or designating, hydrogen selenide, H2Se, regarded as an acid analogous to sulphydric acid.
Selenic	Of or pertaining to selenium; derived from, or containing, selenium; specifically, designating those compounds in which the element has a higher valence as contrasted with selenious compounds.
Selenide	A binary compound of selenium, or a compound regarded as binary; as, ethyl selenide.
Seleniferous	Containing, or impregnated with, selenium; as, seleniferous pyrites.
Selenio-	A combining form (also used adjectively) denoting the presence of selenium or its compounds; as, selenio-phosphate, a phosphate having selenium in place of all, or a part, of the oxygen.
Selenious	Of, pertaining to, or containing, selenium; specifically, designating those compounds in which the element has a lower valence as contrasted with selenic compounds.
Selenite	A salt of selenious acid.
Selenite	A variety of gypsum, occuring in transparent crystals or crystalline masses.
Selenitic	Alt. of Selenitical
Selenitical	Of or pertaining to selenite; resembling or containing selenite.
Selenium	A nonmetallic element of the sulphur group, and analogous to sulphur in its compounds. It is found in small quantities with sulphur and some sulphur ores, and obtained in the free state as a dark reddish powder or crystalline mass, or as a dark metallic-looking substance. It exhibits under the action of light a remarkable variation in electric conductivity, and is used in certain electric apparatus. Symbol Se. Atomic weight 78.9.
Seleniuret	A selenide.
Seleniureted	Combined with selenium as in a selenide; as, seleniureted hydrogen.
Selenecentric	As seen or estimated from the center of the moon; with the moon central.
Selenograph	A picture or delineation of the moon's surface, or of any part of it.
Selenographer	One skilled in selenography.
Selenographic	Alt. of Selenographical
Selenographical	Of or pertaining to selenography.
Selenographist	A selenographer.
Selenography	The science that treats of the physical features of the moon; -- corresponding to physical geography in respect to the earth.
Selenonium	A hypothetical radical of selenium, analogous to sulphonium.
Selenology	That branch of astronomy which treats of the moon.
Self	Same; particular; very; identical.
Selves	of Self
Self	The individual as the object of his own reflective consciousness; the man viewed by his own cognition as the subject of all his mental phenomena, the agent in his own activities, the subject of his own feelings, and the possessor of capacities and character; a person as a distinct individual; a being regarded as having personality.
Self	Hence, personal interest, or love of private interest; selfishness; as, self is his whole aim.
Self	Personification; embodiment.
Self-abased	Humbled by consciousness of inferiority, unworthiness, guilt, or shame.
Self-abasement	Degradation of one's self by one's own act.
Self-abasement	Humiliation or abasement proceeding from consciousness of inferiority, guilt, or shame.
Self-abasing	Lowering or humbling one's self.
Self-abhorrence	Abhorrence of one's self.
Self-abnegation	Self-denial; self-renunciation; self-sacrifice.
Self-abuse	The abuse of one's own self, powers, or faculties.
Self-abuse	Self-deception; delusion.
Self-abuse	Masturbation; onanism; self-pollution.
Self-accused	Accused by one's self or by one's conscience.
Self-acting	Acting of or by one's self or by itself; -- said especially of a machine or mechanism which is made to perform of or for itself what is usually done by human agency; automatic; as, a self-acting feed apparatus; a self-acting mule; a self-acting press.
Self-action	Action by, or originating in, one's self or itself.
Self-active	Acting of one's self or of itself; acting without depending on other agents.
Self-activity	The quality or state of being self-active; self-action.
Self-adjusting	Capable of assuming a desired position or condition with relation to other parts, under varying circumstances, without requiring to be adjusted by hand; -- said of a piece in machinery.
Self-admiration	Admiration of one's self.
Self-affairs	One's own affairs; one's private business.
Self-affrighted	Frightened at or by one's self.
Self-aggrandizement	The aggrandizement of one's self.
Self-annihilated	Annihilated by one's self.
Self-annihilation	Annihilation by one's own acts; annihilation of one's desires.
Self-applause	Applause of one's self.
Self-applying	Applying to or by one's self.
Self-approving	Approving one's own action or character by one's own judgment.
Self-asserting	asserting one's self, or one's own rights or claims; hence, putting one's self forward in a confident or assuming manner.
Self-assertion	The act of asserting one's self, or one's own rights or claims; the quality of being self-asserting.
Self-assertive	Disposed to self-assertion; self-asserting.
Self-assumed	Assumed by one's own act, or without authority.
Self-assured	Assured by or of one's self; self-reliant; complacent.
Self-banished	Exiled voluntarily.
Self-begetten	Begotten by one's self, or one's own powers.
Self-bern	Born or produced by one's self.
Self-centered	Alt. of Self-centred
Self-centred	Centered in itself, or in one's self.
Self-centering	Alt. of Self-centring
Self-centring	Centering in one's self.
Self-centration	The quality or state of being self-centered.
Self-charity	Self-love.
Self-color	A color not mixed or variegated.
Self-celored	Being of a single color; -- applied to flowers, animals, and textile fabrics.
Self-command	Control over one's own feelings, temper, etc.; self-control.
Self-commune	Self-communion.
Self-communicative	Imparting or communicating by its own powers.
Self-communion	Communion with one's self; thoughts about one's self.
Self-complacency	The quality of being self-complacent.
Self-complacent	Satisfied with one's own character, capacity, and doings; self-satisfied.
Self-conceit	Conceit of one's self; an overweening opinion of one's powers or endowments.
Self-conceited	Having an overweening opinion of one's own powers, attainments; vain; conceited.
Self-concern	Concern for one's self.
Self-condemnation	Condemnation of one's self by one's own judgment.
Self-confidence	The quality or state of being self-confident; self-reliance.
Self-confident	Confident of one's own strength or powers; relying on one's judgment or ability; self-reliant.
Self-conjugate	Having the two things that are conjugate parts of the same figure; as, self-conjugate triangles.
Self-conscious	Conscious of one's acts or state as belonging to, or originating in, one's self.
Self-conscious	Conscious of one's self as an object of the observation of others; as, the speaker was too self-conscious.
Self-consciousness	The quality or state of being self-conscious.
Self-considering	Considering in one's own mind; deliberating.
Self-consistency	The quality or state of being self-consistent.
Self-cconsistent	Consistent with one's self or with itself; not deviation from the ordinary standard by which the conduct is guided; logically consistent throughout; having each part consistent with the rest.
Self-consuming	Consuming one's self or itself.
Self-contained	Having self-control; reserved; uncommunicative; wholly engrossed in one's self.
Self-contained	Having all the essential working parts connected by a bedplate or framework, or contained in a case, etc., so that mutual relations of the parts do not depend upon fastening outside of the machine itself.
Self-contradiction	The act of contradicting one's self or itself; repugnancy in conceptions or in terms; a proposition consisting of two members, one of which contradicts the other; as, to be and not to be at the same time is a self-contradiction.
Self-contradictory	Contradicting one's self or itself.
Self-control	Control of one's self; restraint exercised over one's self; self-command.
Self-convicted	Convicted by one's own consciousness, knowledge, avowal, or acts.
Self-conviction	The act of convicting one's self, or the state of being self-convicted.
Self-created	Created by one's self; not formed or constituted by another.
Self-culture	Culture, training, or education of one's self by one's own efforts.
Self-deceit	The act of deceiving one's self, or the state of being self-deceived; self-deception.
Self-deceived	Deceived or misled respecting one's self by one's own mistake or error.
Self-deception	Self-deceit.
Self-defence	See Self-defense.
Self-defense	The act of defending one's own person, property, or reputation.
Self-defensive	Defending, or tending to defend, one's own person, property, or reputation.
Self-degradation	The act of degrading one's self, or the state of being so degraded.
Self-delation	Accusation of one's self.
Self-delusion	The act of deluding one's self, or the state of being thus deluded.
Self-denial	The denial of one's self; forbearing to gratify one's own desires; self-sacrifice.
Self-denying	Refusing to gratify one's self; self-sacrificing.
Self-dependent	Dependent on one's self; self-depending; self-reliant.
Self-depending	Depending on one's self.
Self-depraved	Corrupted or depraved by one's self.
Self-destroyer	One who destroys himself; a suicide.
Self-destruction	The destruction of one's self; self-murder; suicide.
Self-destructive	Destroying, or tending to destroy, one's self or itself; rucidal.
Self-determination	Determination by one's self; or, determination of one's acts or states without the necessitating force of motives; -- applied to the voluntary or activity.
Self-determining	Capable of self-determination; as, the self-determining power of will.
Self-devised	Devised by one's self.
Self-devoted	Devoted in person, or by one's own will.
Self-devotement	Self-devotion.
Self-devotion	The act of devoting one's self, or the state of being self-devoted; willingness to sacrifice one's own advantage or happiness for the sake of others; self-sacrifice.
Self-devouring	Devouring one's self or itself.
Self-diffusive	Having power to diffuse itself; diffusing itself.
Self-discipline	Correction or government of one's self for the sake of improvement.
Self-distrust	Want of confidence in one' self; diffidence.
Self-educated	Educated by one's own efforts, without instruction, or without pecuniary assistance from others.
Self-elective	Having the right of electing one's self, or, as a body, of electing its own members.
Self-enjoyment	Enjoyment of one's self; self-satisfaction.
Self-esteem	The holding a good opinion of one's self; self-complacency.
Self-estimation	The act of estimating one's self; self-esteem.
Self-evidence	The quality or state of being self-evident.
Self-evident	Evident without proof or reasoning; producing certainty or conviction upon a bare presentation to the mind; as, a self-evident proposition or truth.
Self-evolution	Evolution of one's self; development by inherent quality or power.
Self-exaltation	The act of exalting one's self, or the state of being so exalted.
Self-examinant	One who examines himself; one given to self-examination.
Self-examination	An examination into one's own state, conduct, and motives, particularly in regard to religious feelings and duties.
Self-existence	Inherent existence; existence possessed by virtue of a being's own nature, and independent of any other being or cause; -- an attribute peculiar to God.
Self-existent	Existing of or by himself,independent of any other being or cause; -- as, God is the only self-existent being.
self-explaining	Explaining itself; capable of being understood without explanation.
Self-exposure	The act of exposing one's self; the state of being so exposed.
Self-fertilization	The fertilization of a flower by pollen from the same flower and without outer aid; autogamy.
Self-fertilized	Fertilized by pollen from the same flower.
Self-glorious	Springing from vainglory or vanity; vain; boastful.
Self-government	The act of governing one's self, or the state of being governed by one's self; self-control; self-command.
Self-government	Hence, government of a community, state, or nation by the joint action of the mass of people constituting such a civil body; also, the state of being so governed; democratic government; democracy.
Self-gratulation	Gratulation of one's self.
Self-heal	A blue-flowered labiate plant (Brunella vulgaris); the healall.
Self-healing	Having the power or property of healing itself.
Self-help	The act of aiding one's self, without depending on the aid of others.
Self-homicide	The act of killing one's self; suicide.
Selfhood	Existence as a separate self, or independent person; conscious personality; individuality.
Self-ignorance	Ignorance of one's own character, powers, and limitations.
Self-ignorant	Ignorant of one's self.
Self-imparting	Imparting by one's own, or by its own, powers and will.
Self-importance	An exaggerated estimate of one's own importance or merit, esp. as manifested by the conduct or manners; self-conceit.
Self-important	Having or manifesting an exaggerated idea of one's own importance or merit.
Self-imposed	Voluntarily taken on one's self; as, self-imposed tasks.
Self-imposture	Imposture practiced on one's self; self-deceit.
Self-indignation	Indignation at one's own character or actions.
Self-indulgence	Indulgence of one's appetites, desires, or inclinations; -- the opposite of self-restraint, and self-denial.
Self-indulgent	Indulging one's appetites, desires, etc., freely.
Self-interest	Private interest; the interest or advantage of one's self.
Self-interested	Particularly concerned for one's own interest or happiness.
Self-involution	Involution in one's self; hence, abstraction of thought; reverie.
Selfish	Caring supremely or unduly for one's self; regarding one's own comfort, advantage, etc., in disregard, or at the expense, of those of others.
Selfish	Believing or teaching that the chief motives of human action are derived from love of self.
Selfishly	In a selfish manner; with regard to private interest only or chiefly.
Selfishness	The quality or state of being selfish; exclusive regard to one's own interest or happiness; that supreme self-love or self-preference which leads a person to direct his purposes to the advancement of his own interest, power, or happiness, without regarding those of others.
Selfism	Concentration of one's interests on one's self; self-love; selfishness.
Selfist	A selfish person.
Self-justifier	One who excuses or justifies himself.
Self-kindled	Kindled of itself, or without extraneous aid or power.
Self-knowing	Knowing one's self, or one's own character, powers, and limitations.
Self-knowing	Knowing of itself, without help from another.
Self-knowledge	Knowledge of one's self, or of one's own character, powers, limitations, etc.
Selfless	Having no regard to self; unselfish.
Selflessness	Quality or state of being selfless.
Self-life	Life for one's self; living solely or chiefly for one's own pleasure or good.
Self-love	The love of one's self; desire of personal happiness; tendency to seek one's own benefit or advantage.
Self-luminous	Possessing in itself the property of emitting light.
Self-made	Made by one's self.
Self-mettle	Inborn mettle or courage; one's own temper.
Self-motion	Motion given by inherent power, without external impulse; spontaneus or voluntary motion.
Self-moved	Moved by inherent power., without the aid of external impulse.
Self-moving	Moving by inherent power, without the aid of external impulse.
Self-murder	Suicide.
Self-murderer	A suicide.
Self-neglecting	A neglecting of one's self, or of one's own interests.
Selfness	Selfishness.
Self-one	Secret.
Self-opinion	Opinion, especially high opinion, of one's self; an overweening estimate of one's self or of one's own opinion.
Self-opinioned	Having a high opinion of one's self; opinionated; conceited.
Self-opininating	Beginning wwith, or springing from, one's self.
Self-partiality	That partiality to himself by which a man overrates his own worth when compared with others.
Self-perplexed	Perplexed by doubts originating in one's own mind.
Self-posited	Disposed or arranged by an action originating in one's self or in itself.
Self-positing	The act of disposing or arranging one's self or itself.
Self-possessed	Composed or tranquill in mind, manner, etc.; undisturbed.
Self-possession	The possession of one's powers; calmness; self-command; presence of mind; composure.
Self-praise	Praise of one's self.
Self-preservation	The preservation of one's self from destruction or injury.
Self-propagating	Propagating by one's self or by itself.
Self-registering	Registering itself; -- said of any instrument so contrived as to record its own indications of phenomena, whether continuously or at stated times, as at the maxima and minima of variations; as, a self-registering anemometer or barometer.
Self-regulated	Regulated by one's self or by itself.
Self-regulative	Tending or serving to regulate one's self or itself.
Self-reliance	Reliance on one's own powers or judgment; self-trust.
Self-reliant	Reliant upon one's self; trusting to one's own powers or judgment.
Self-renunciation	The act of renouncing, or setting aside, one's own wishes, claims, etc.; self-sacrifice.
Self-repellency	The quality or state of being self-repelling.
Self-repelling	Made up of parts, as molecules or atoms, which mutually repel each other; as, gases are self-repelling.
Self-repetition	Repetition of one's self or of one's acts; the saying or doing what one has already said or done.
Self-reproach	The act of reproaching one's self; censure by one's own conscience.
Self-reproached	Reproached by one's own conscience or judgment.
Self-reproaching	Reproaching one's self.
Self-reproof	The act of reproving one's self; censure of one's conduct by one's own judgment.
Self-reproved	Reproved by one's own conscience or one's own sense of guilt.
Self-reproving	Reproving one's self; reproving by consciousness of guilt.
Self-reprovingly	In a self-reproving way.
Self-repugnant	Self-contradictory; inconsistent.
Self-repulsive	Self-repelling.
Self-respect	Respect for one's self; regard for one's character; laudable self-esteem.
Self-restrained	Restrained by one's self or itself; restrained by one's own power or will.
Self-restraint	Restraint over one's self; self-control; self-command.
Self-reverence	A reverent respect for one's self.
Self-righteous	Righteous in one's own esteem; pharisaic.
Self-righteousness	The quality or state of being self-righteous; pharisaism.
Self-sacrifice	The act of sacrificing one's self, or one's interest, for others; self-devotion.
Self-sacrificing	Yielding up one's own interest, ffeelings, etc; sacrificing one's self.
Selfsame	Precisely the same; the very same; identical.
Self-satisfaction	The quality or state of being self-satisfied.
Self-satisfied	Satisfied with one's self or one's actions; self-complacent.
Self-satisfying	Giving satisfaction to one's self.
Self-seeker	One who seeks only his own interest, advantage, or pleasure.
Self-seeking	Seeking one's own interest or happiness; selfish.
Self-seeking	The act or habit of seeking one's own interest or happiness; selfishness.
Self-slaughter	Suicide.
Self-sufficiency	The quality or state of being self-sufficient.
Self-sufficient	Sufficient for one's self without external aid or cooperation.
Self-sufficient	Having an overweening confidence in one's own abilities or worth; hence, haughty; overbearing.
Self-sufficing	Sufficing for one's self or for itself, without needing external aid; self-sufficient.
Self-suspended	Suspended by one's self or by itself; balanced.
Self-suspicious	Suspicious or distrustful of one's self.
Self-taught	Taught by one's own efforts.
Self-tormentor	One who torments himself.
Self-torture	The act of inflicting pain on one's self; pain inflicted on one's self.
Self-trust	Faith in one's self; self-reliance.
Self-uned	One with itself; separate from others.
Self-view	A view if one's self; specifically, carefulness or regard for one's own interests
Self-will	One's own will, esp. when opposed to that of others; obstinacy.
Self-willed	Governed by one's own will; not yielding to the wishes of others; obstinate.
Self-willedness	Obstinacy.
Self-worship	The idolizing of one's self; immoderate self-conceit.
Self-wrong	Wrong done by a person himself.
Selion	A short piece of land in arable ridges and furrows, of uncertain quantity; also, a ridge of land lying between two furrows.
Seljukian	Of or pertaining to Seljuk, a Tartar chief who embraced Mohammedanism, and began the subjection of Western Asia to that faith and rule; of or pertaining to the dynasty founded by him, or the empire maintained by his descendants from the 10th to the 13th century.
Seljuckian	A member of the family of Seljuk; an adherent of that family, or subject of its government; (pl.) the dynasty of Turkish sultans sprung from Seljuk.
Sell	Self.
Sell	A sill.
Sell	A cell; a house.
Sell	A saddle for a horse.
Sell	A throne or lofty seat.
Sold	of Sell
Selling	of Sell
Sell	To transfer to another for an equivalent; to give up for a valuable consideration; to dispose of in return for something, especially for money.
Sell	To make a matter of bargain and sale of; to accept a price or reward for, as for a breach of duty, trust, or the like; to betray.
Sell	To impose upon; to trick; to deceive; to make a fool of; to cheat.
Sell	To practice selling commodities.
Sell	To be sold; as, corn sells at a good price.
Sell	An imposition; a cheat; a hoax.
Sellanders	Alt. of Sellenders
Sellenders	See Sallenders.
Seller	One who sells.
Selters water	A mineral water from Sellers, in the district of Nassan, Germany, containing much free carbonic acid.
Seltzer water	See Selters water.
Seltzo-gene	A gazogene.
Selvage	Alt. of Selvedge
Selvedge	The edge of cloth which is woven in such a manner as to prevent raveling.
Selvedge	The edge plate of a lock, through which the bolt passes.
Selvedge	A layer of clay or decomposed rock along the wall of a vein. See Gouge, n., 4.
Selvaged	Alt. of Selvedged
Selvedged	Having a selvage.
Selvagee	A skein or hank of rope yarns wound round with yarns or marline, -- used for stoppers, straps, etc.
Selve	Self; same.
Selves	pl. of Self.
Sely	Silly.
Semaeostomata	A division of Discophora having large free mouth lobes. It includes Aurelia, and Pelagia. Called also Semeostoma. See Illustr. under Discophora, and Medusa.
Semaphore	A signal telegraph; an apparatus for giving signals by the disposition of lanterns, flags, oscillating arms, etc.
Semaphoric	Alt. of Semaphorical
Semaphorical	Of or pertaining to a semaphore, or semaphores; telegraphic.
Semaphorically	By means of a semaphore.
Semaphorist	One who manages or operates a semaphore.
Sematology	The doctrine of signs as the expression of thought or reasoning; the science of indicating thought by signs.
Sematrope	An instrument for signaling by reflecting the rays of the sun in different directions.
Semblable	Like; similar; resembling.
Semblable	Likeness; representation.
Semblably	In like manner.
Semblance	Seeming; appearance; show; figure; form.
Semblance	Likeness; resemblance, actual or apparent; similitude; as, the semblance of worth; semblance of virtue.
Semblant	Like; resembling.
Semblant	Seeming, rather than real; apparent.
Semblant	Show; appearance; figure; semblance.
Semblant	The face.
Semblative	Resembling.
Semble	To imitate; to make a representation or likeness.
Semble	It seems; -- chiefly used impersonally in reports and judgments to express an opinion in reference to the law on some point not necessary to be decided, and not intended to be definitely settled in the cause.
Semble	Like; resembling.
Sembling	The practice of attracting the males of Lepidoptera or other insects by exposing the female confined in a cage.
Seme	Sprinkled or sown; -- said of field, or a charge, when strewed or covered with small charges.
Semeiography	Alt. of Semiography
Semiography	A description of the signs of disease.
Semeiological	Alt. of Semiologioal
Semiologioal	Of or pertaining to the science of signs, or the systematic use of signs; as, a semeiological classification of the signs or symptoms of disease; a semeiological arrangement of signs used as signals.
Semeiology	Alt. of Semiology
Semiology	The science or art of signs.
Semiology	The science of the signs or symptoms of disease; symptomatology.
Semiology	The art of using signs in signaling.
Semeiotic	Alt. of Semiotic
Semiotic	Relating to signs or indications; pertaining to the language of signs, or to language generally as indicating thought.
Semiotic	Of or pertaining to the signs or symptoms of diseases.
Semeiotics	Alt. of Semiotics
Semiotics	Semeiology.
Semele	A daughter of Cadmus, and by Zeus mother of Bacchus.
Semina	of Semen
Semen	The seed of plants.
Semen	The seed or fecundating fluid of male animals; sperm. It is a white or whitish viscid fluid secreted by the testes, characterized by the presence of spermatozoids to which it owes its generative power.
Semeniferous	Seminiferous.
Semester	A period of six months; especially, a term in a college or uneversity which divides the year into two terms.
Semi-	A prefix signifying half, and sometimes partly or imperfectly; as, semiannual, half yearly; semitransparent, imperfectly transparent.
Semiacid	Slightly acid; subacid.
Semiacidified	Half acidified.
Semiadherent	Adherent part way.
Semiamplexicaul	Partially amplexicaul; embracing the stem half round, as a leaf.
Semiangle	The half of a given, or measuring, angle.
Semiiannual	Half-yearly.
Semiannually	Every half year.
Semiannular	Having the figure of a half circle; forming a semicircle.
Semi-Arian	A member of a branch of the Arians which did not acknowledge the Son to be consubstantial with the Father, that is, of the same substance, but admitted him to be of a like substance with the Father, not by nature, but by a peculiar privilege.
Semi-Arian	Of or pertaining to Semi-Arianism.
Semi-Arianism	The doctrines or tenets of the Semi-Arians.
Semiaxis	One half of the axis of an /llipse or other figure.
Semibarbarian	Half barbarous; partially civilized.
Semibarbarian	One partly civilized.
Semibarbaric	Half barbarous or uncivilized; as, semibarbaric display.
Semibarbarism	The quality or state of being half barbarous or uncivilized.
Semibarbarous	Half barbarous.
Semibreve	A note of half the time or duration of the breve; -- now usually called a whole note. It is the longest note in general use.
Semibrief	A semibreve.
Semibull	A bull issued by a pope in the period between his election and coronation.
Semicalcareous	Half or partially calcareous; as, a semicalcareous plant.
Semicalcined	Half calcined; as, semicalcined iron.
Semicastrate	To deprive of one testicle.
Semicentennial	Of or pertaining to half of a century, or a period of fifty years; as, a semicentennial commemoration.
Semicentennial	A fiftieth anniversary.
Semichaotic	Partially chaotic.
Semichorus	A half chorus; a passage to be sung by a selected portion of the voices, as the female voices only, in contrast with the full choir.
Semi-Christianized	Half Christianized.
Semicircle	The half of a circle; the part of a circle bounded by its diameter and half of its circumference.
Semicircle	A semicircumference.
Semicircle	A body in the form of half of a circle, or half of a circumference.
Semicircle	An instrument for measuring angles.
Semicircled	Semicircular.
Semicircular	Having the form of half of a circle.
Semi circumference	Half of a circumference.
Semicirque	A semicircular hollow or opening among trees or hills.
Semicolon	The punctuation mark [;] indicating a separation between parts or members of a sentence more distinct than that marked by a comma.
Semicolumn	A half column; a column bisected longitudinally, or along its axis.
Semicolumnar	Like a semicolumn; flat on one side and round on the other; imperfectly columnar.
Semicompact	Half compact; imperfectly indurated.
Semiconscious	Half conscious; imperfectly conscious.
Semicope	A short cope, or an inferier kind of cope.
Semi crustaceous	Half crustaceous; partially crustaceous.
Semicrystalline	Half crystalline; -- said of certain cruptive rocks composed partly of crystalline, partly of amorphous matter.
Semicubical	Of or pertaining to the square root of the cube of a quantity.
Semicubium	Alt. of Semicupium
Semicupium	A half bath, or one that covers only the lewer extremities and the hips; a sitz-bath; a half bath, or hip bath.
Semicylindric	Alt. of Semicylyndrical
Semicylyndrical	Half cylindrical.
Semideistical	Half deisticsl; bordering on deism.
Semidemiquaver	A demisemiquaver; a thirty-second note.
Semidetached	Half detached; partly distinct or separate.
Semidiameter	Half of a diameter; a right line, or the length of a right line, drawn from the center of a circle, a sphere, or other curved figure, to its circumference or periphery; a radius.
Semidiapason	An imperfect octave.
Semidiapente	An imperfect or diminished fifth.
Semidiaphaneity	Half or imperfect transparency; translucency.
Semidiaphanous	Half or imperfectly transparent; translucent.
Semidiatessaron	An imperfect or diminished fourth.
Semiditone	A lesser third, having its terms as 6 to 5; a hemiditone.
Semidiurnal	Pertaining to, or accomplished in, half a day, or twelve hours; occurring twice every day.
Semidiurnal	Pertaining to, or traversed in, six hours, or in half the time between the rising and setting of a heavenly body; as, a semidiurnal arc.
Semidome	A roof or ceiling covering a semicircular room or recess, or one of nearly that shape, as the apse of a church, a niche, or the like. It is approximately the quarter of a hollow sphere.
Semidouble	An office or feast celebrated with less solemnity than the double ones. See Double, n., 8.
Semidouble	Having the outermost stamens converted into petals, while the inner ones remain perfect; -- said of a flower.
Semifable	That which is part fable and part truth; a mixture of truth and fable.
Semiflexed	Half bent.
Semifloret	See Semifloscule.
Semifloscular	Semiflosculous.
Semifloscule	A floscule, or florest, with its corolla prolonged into a strap-shaped petal; -- called also semifloret.
Semiflosculous	Having all the florets ligulate, as in the dandelion.
Semifluid	Imperfectly fluid.
Semifluid	A semifluid substance.
Semiform	A half form; an imperfect form.
Semiformed	Half formed; imperfectly formed; as, semiformed crystals.
Semiglutin	A peptonelike body, insoluble in alcohol, formed by boiling collagen or gelatin for a long time in water. Hemicollin, a like body, is also formed at the same time, and differs from semiglutin by being partly soluble in alcohol.
Semihistorical	Half or party historical.
Semihoral	Half-hourly.
Semiindurated	Imperfectly indurated or hardened.
Semilapidified	Imperfectly changed into stone.
Semilens	The half of a lens divided along a plane passing through its axis.
Semilenticular	Half lenticular or convex; imperfectly resembling a lens.
Semiligneous	Half or partially ligneous, as a stem partly woody and partly herbaceous.
Semiliquid	Half liquid; semifluid.
Semiliquidity	The quality or state of being semiliquid; partial liquidity.
Semilogical	Half logical; partly logical; said of fallacies.
Semilor	A yellowish alloy of copper and zinc. See Simplor.
Semilunar	Shaped like a half moon.
Semilunar	The semilunar bone.
Semilunary	Semilunar.
Semilunate	Semilunar.
Semilune	The half of a lune.
Semimetal	An element possessing metallic properties in an inferior degree and not malleable, as arsenic, antimony, bismuth, molybdenum, uranium, etc.
Semimetallic	Of or pertaining to a semimetal; possessing metallic properties in an inferior degree; resembling metal.
Semimonthly	Coming or made twice in a month; as, semimonthly magazine; a semimonthly payment.
Semimonthly	Something done or made every half month; esp., a semimonthly periodical.
Semimonthly	In a semimonthly manner; at intervals of half a month.
Semiimute	Having the faculty of speech but imperfectly developed or partially lost.
Semimute	A semimute person.
Seminal	Pertaining to, containing, or consisting of, seed or semen; as, the seminal fluid.
Seminal	Contained in seed; holding the relation of seed, source, or first principle; holding the first place in a series of developed results or consequents; germinal; radical; primary; original; as, seminal principles of generation; seminal virtue.
Seminal	A seed.
Seminality	The quality or state of being seminal.
Seminarian	Alt. of Seminarist
Seminarist	A member of, or one educated in, a seminary; specifically, an ecclesiastic educated for the priesthood in a seminary.
Seminaries	of Seminary
Seminary	A piece of ground where seed is sown for producing plants for transplantation; a nursery; a seed plat.
Seminary	Hence, the place or original stock whence anything is brought or produced.
Seminary	A place of education, as a scool of a high grade, an academy, college, or university.
Seminary	Seminal state.
Seminary	Fig.: A seed bed; a source.
Seminary	A Roman Catholic priest educated in a foreign seminary; a seminarist.
Seminary	Belonging to seed; seminal.
Seminated	of Seminate
Seminating	of Seminate
Seminate	To sow; to spread; to propagate.
Semination	The act of sowing or spreading.
Semination	Natural dispersion of seeds.
Semined	Thickly covered or sown, as with seeds.
Seminiferous	Seed-bearing; producing seed; pertaining to, or connected with, the formation of semen; as, seminiferous cells or vesicles.
Seminific	Alt. of Semnifical
Semnifical	Forming or producing seed, or the male generative product of animals or of plants.
Seminification	Propagation from seed.
Seminist	A believer in the old theory that the newly created being is formed by the admixture of the seed of the male with the supposed seed of the female.
Seminoles	A tribe of Indians who formerly occupied Florida, where some of them still remain. They belonged to the Creek Confideration.
Seminose	A carbohydrate of the glucose group found in the thickened endosperm of certain seeds, and extracted as yellow sirup having a sweetish-bitter taste.
Seminude	Partially nude; half naked.
Seminymph	The pupa of insects which undergo only a slight change in passing to the imago state.
Semioccasionally	Once in a while; on rare occasions.
Semiofficial	Half official; having some official authority or importance; as, a semiofficial statement.
Semiography	Alt. of Semiological
Semiology	Alt. of Semiological
Semiological	Same as Semeiography, Semeiology, Semeiological.
Semiopacous	Semiopaque.
Semiopal	A variety of opal not possessing opalescence.
Semiopaque	Half opaque; only half transparent.
Semiorbicular	Having the shape of a half orb or sphere.
Semiotic	Same as Semeiotic.
Semiotics	Same as Semeiotics.
Semioval	Half oval.
Semiovate	Half ovate.
Semioxygenated	Combined with oxygen only in part.
Semipagan	Half pagan.
Semipalmate	Alt. of Semipalmated
Semipalmated	Having the anterior toes joined only part way down with a web; half-webbed; as, a semipalmate bird or foot. See Illust. k under Aves.
Semiparabola	One branch of a parabola, being terminated at the principal vertex of the curve.
Semiped	A half foot in poetry.
Semipedal	Containing a half foot.
Semi-Pelagian	A follower of John Cassianus, a French monk (died about 448), who modified the doctrines of Pelagius, by denying human merit, and maintaining the necessity of the Spirit's influence, while, on the other hand, he rejected the Augustinian doctrines of election, the inability of man to do good, and the certain perseverance of the saints.
Semi-Pelagian	Of or pertaining to the Semi-Pelagians, or their tenets.
Semi-Pelagianism	The doctrines or tenets of the Semi-Pelagians.
Semipellucid	Half clear, or imperfectly transparent; as, a semipellucid gem.
Semipellucidity	The qualiti or state of being imperfectly transparent.
Semipenniform	Half or partially penniform; as, a semipenniform muscle.
Semopermanent	Half or partly permanent.
Semiperspicuous	Half transparent; imperfectly clear; semipellucid.
Semiphlogisticated	Partially impregnated with phlogiston.
Semiplume	A feather which has a plumelike web, with the shaft of an ordinary feather.
Semiprecious	Somewhat precious; as, semiprecious stones or metals.
Semiproof	Half proof; evidence from the testimony of a single witness.
Semi pupa	The young of an insect in a stage between the larva and pupa.
Semiquadrate	Alt. of Semiquartile
Semiquartile	An aspect of the planets when distant from each other the half of a quadrant, or forty-five degrees, or one sign and a half.
Semiquaver	A note of half the duration of the quaver; -- now usually called a sixsteenth note.
Semiquintile	An aspect of the planets when distant from each other half of the quintile, or thirty-six degrees.
Semirecondite	Half hidden or half covered; said of the head of an insect when half covered by the shield of the thorax.
Semiring	One of the incomplete rings of the upper part of the bronchial tubes of most birds. The semerings form an essential part of the syrinx, or musical organ, of singing birds.
Semisavage	Half savage.
Semisavage	One who is half savage.
Semi-Saxon	Half Saxon; -- specifically applied to the language intermediate between Saxon and English, belonging to the period 1150-1250.
Semisextile	An aspect of the planets when they are distant from each other the twelfth part of a circle, or thirty degrees.
Semisolid	Partially solid.
Semisoun	A half sound; a low tone.
Semispheric	Alt. of Semispherical
Semispherical	Having the figure of a half sphere.
Semispheroidal	Formed like a half spheroid.
Semisteel	Puddled steel.
Semitae	of Semita
Semita	A fasciole of a spatangoid sea urchin.
Semitangent	The tangent of half an arc.
Semite	One belonging to the Semitic race. Also used adjectively.
Semiterete	Half terete.
Semitertian	Having the characteristics of both a tertian and a quotidian intermittent.
Semitertian	An intermittent combining the characteristics of a tertian and a quotidian.
Semitic	Of or pertaining to Shem or his descendants; belonging to that division of the Caucasian race which includes the Arabs, Jews, and related races.
Semitism	A Semitic idiom; a word of Semitic origin.
Semitone	Half a tone; -- the name commonly applied to the smaller intervals of the diatonic scale.
Semitonic	Of or pertaining to a semitone; consisting of a semitone, or of semitones.
Semitransept	The half of a transept; as, the north semitransept of a church.
Semitranslucent	Slightly clear; transmitting light in a slight degree.
Semitransparency	Imperfect or partial transparency.
Semitransparent	Half or imperfectly transparent.
Semiverticillate	Partially verticillate.
Semivif	Only half alive.
Semivitreous	Partially vitreous.
Semivitrification	The quality or state of being semivitrified.
Semivitrification	A substance imperfectly vitrified.
Semivitrified	Half or imperfectly vitrified; partially converted into glass.
Semivocal	Of or pertaining to a semivowel; half cocal; imperfectly sounding.
Semivowel	A sound intermediate between a vowel and a consonant, or partaking of the nature of both, as in the English w and y.
Semivowel	The sign or letter representing such a sound.
Semiweekly	Coming, or made, or done, once every half week; as, a semiweekly newspaper; a semiweekly trip.
Semiweekly	That which comes or happens once every half week, esp. a semiweekly periodical.
Semiweekly	At intervals of half a week each.
Semolella	See Semolina.
Semolina	The fine, hard parts of wheat, rounded by the attrition of the millstones, -- used in cookery.
Semolino	Same as Semolina.
Semoule	Same as Semolina.
Sempervirent	Always fresh; evergreen.
Sempervive	The houseleek.
Sempervivum	A genus of fleshy-leaved plants, of which the houseleek (Sempervivum tectorum) is the commonest species.
Sempiternal	Of neverending duration; everlasting; endless; having beginning, but no end.
Sempiternal	Without beginning or end; eternal.
Sempiterne	Sempiternal.
Sempiternity	Future duration without end; the relation or state of being sempiternal.
Sempre	Always; throughout; as, sempre piano, always soft.
Sempster	A seamster.
Sempstress	A seamstress.
Sempstressy	Seamstressy.
Semster	A seamster.
Semuncia	A Roman coin equivalent to one twenty-fourth part of a Roman pound.
Sen	A Japanese coin, worth about one half of a cent.
Sen	Since.
Senary	Of six; belonging to six; containing six.
Senate	An assembly or council having the highest deliberative and legislative functions.
Senate	A body of elders appointed or elected from among the nobles of the nation, and having supreme legislative authority.
Senate	The upper and less numerous branch of a legislature in various countries, as in France, in the United States, in most of the separate States of the United States, and in some Swiss cantons.
Senate	In general, a legislative body; a state council; the legislative department of government.
Senate	The governing body of the Universities of Cambridge and London.
Senate	In some American colleges, a council of elected students, presided over by the president of the college, to which are referred cases of discipline and matters of general concern affecting the students.
Senator	A member of a senate.
Senator	A member of the king's council; a king's councilor.
Senatorial	Of or pertaining to a senator, or a senate; becoming to a senator, or a senate; as, senatorial duties; senatorial dignity.
Senatorial	Entitled to elect a senator, or by senators; as, the senatorial districts of a State.
Senatorially	In a senatorial manner.
Senatorian	Senatorial.
Senatorious	Senatorial.
Senatorship	The office or dignity of a senator.
Senatusconsult	A decree of the Roman senate.
Sent	of Send
Sending	of Send
Send	To cause to go in any manner; to dispatch; to commission or direct to go; as, to send a messenger.
Send	To give motion to; to cause to be borne or carried; to procure the going, transmission, or delivery of; as, to send a message.
Send	To emit; to impel; to cast; to throw; to hurl; as, to send a ball, an arrow, or the like.
Send	To cause to be or to happen; to bestow; to inflict; to grant; -- sometimes followed by a dependent proposition.
Send	To dispatch an agent or messenger to convey a message, or to do an errand.
Send	To pitch; as, the ship sends forward so violently as to endanger her masts.
Send	The impulse of a wave by which a vessel is carried bodily.
Sendal	A light thin stuff of silk.
Sender	One who sends.
Senecas	A tribe of Indians who formerly inhabited a part of Western New York. This tribe was the most numerous and most warlike of the Five Nations.
Senecio	A very large genus of composite plants including the groundsel and the golden ragwort.
Senectitude	Old age.
Senega	Seneca root.
Senegal	Gum senegal. See under Gum.
Senegin	A substance extracted from the rootstock of the Polygala Senega (Seneca root), and probably identical with polygalic acid.
Senescence	The state of growing old; decay by time.
Senescent	Growing old; decaying with the lapse of time.
Seneschal	An officer in the houses of princes and dignitaries, in the Middle Ages, who had the superintendence of feasts and domestic ceremonies; a steward. Sometimes the seneschal had the dispensing of justice, and was given high military commands.
Seneschalship	The office, dignity, or jurisdiction of a seneschal.
Senge	To singe.
Sengreen	The houseleek.
Senile	Of or pertaining to old age; proceeding from, or characteristic of, old age; affected with the infirmities of old age; as, senile weakness.
Senility	The quality or state of being senile; old age.
Senior	More advanced than another in age; prior in age; elder; hence, more advanced in dignity, rank, or office; superior; as, senior member; senior counsel.
Senior	Belonging to the final year of the regular course in American colleges, or in professional schools.
Senior	A person who is older than another; one more advanced in life.
Senior	One older in office, or whose entrance upon office was anterior to that of another; one prior in grade.
Senior	An aged person; an older.
Senior	One in the fourth or final year of his collegiate course at an American college; -- originally called senior sophister; also, one in the last year of the course at a professional schools or at a seminary.
Seniority	The quality or state of being senior.
Seniorize	To exercise authority; to rule; to lord it.
Seniory	Seniority.
Senna	The leaves of several leguminous plants of the genus Cassia. (C. acutifolia, C. angustifolia, etc.). They constitute a valuable but nauseous cathartic medicine.
Senna	The plants themselves, native to the East, but now cultivated largely in the south of Europe and in the West Indies.
Sennachy	See Seannachie.
Sennet	A signal call on a trumpet or cornet for entrance or exit on the stage.
Sennet	The barracuda.
Sennight	The space of seven nights and days; a week.
Sennit	A braided cord or fabric formed by plaiting together rope yarns or other small stuff.
Sennit	Plaited straw or palm leaves for making hats.
Senocular	Having six eyes.
Senonian	In european geology, a name given to the middle division of the Upper Cretaceous formation.
Seor	A Spanish title of courtesy corresponding to the English Mr. or Sir; also, a gentleman.
Seora	A Spanish title of courtesy given to a lady; Mrs.; Madam; also, a lady.
Seorita	A Spanish title of courtesy given to a young lady; Miss; also, a young lady.
Sens	Since.
Sensated	of Sensate
Sensating	of Sensate
Sensate	To feel or apprehend more or less distinctly through a sense, or the senses; as, to sensate light, or an odor.
Sensate	Alt. of Sensated
Sensated	Felt or apprehended through a sense, or the senses.
Sensation	An impression, or the consciousness of an impression, made upon the central nervous organ, through the medium of a sensory or afferent nerve or one of the organs of sense; a feeling, or state of consciousness, whether agreeable or disagreeable, produced either by an external object (stimulus), or by some change in the internal state of the body.
Sensation	A purely spiritual or psychical affection; agreeable or disagreeable feelings occasioned by objects that are not corporeal or material.
Sensation	A state of excited interest or feeling, or that which causes it.
Sensational	Of or pertaining to sensation; as, sensational nerves.
Sensational	Of or pertaining to sensationalism, or the doctrine that sensation is the sole origin of knowledge.
Sensational	Suited or intended to excite temporarily great interest or emotion; melodramatic; emotional; as, sensational plays or novels; sensational preaching; sensational journalism; a sensational report.
Sensationalism	The doctrine held by Condillac, and by some ascribed to Locke, that our ideas originate solely in sensation, and consist of sensations transformed; sensualism; -- opposed to intuitionalism, and rationalism.
Sensationalism	The practice or methods of sensational writing or speaking; as, the sensationalism of a novel.
Sensationalist	An advocate of, or believer in, philosophical sensationalism.
Sensationalist	One who practices sensational writing or speaking.
Sense	A faculty, possessed by animals, of perceiving external objects by means of impressions made upon certain organs (sensory or sense organs) of the body, or of perceiving changes in the condition of the body; as, the senses of sight, smell, hearing, taste, and touch. See Muscular sense, under Muscular, and Temperature sense, under Temperature.
Sense	Perception by the sensory organs of the body; sensation; sensibility; feeling.
Sense	Perception through the intellect; apprehension; recognition; understanding; discernment; appreciation.
Sense	Sound perception and reasoning; correct judgment; good mental capacity; understanding; also, that which is sound, true, or reasonable; rational meaning.
Sense	That which is felt or is held as a sentiment, view, or opinion; judgment; notion; opinion.
Sense	Meaning; import; signification; as, the true sense of words or phrases; the sense of a remark.
Sense	Moral perception or appreciation.
Sense	One of two opposite directions in which a line, surface, or volume, may be supposed to be described by the motion of a point, line, or surface.
Sensed	of Sense
Sensing	of Sense
Sense	To perceive by the senses; to recognize.
Senseful	Full of sense, meaning, or reason; reasonable; judicious.
Senseless	Destitute of, deficient in, or contrary to, sense; without sensibility or feeling; unconscious; stupid; foolish; unwise; unreasonable.
Sensibilities	of Sensibility
Sensibility	The quality or state of being sensible, or capable of sensation; capacity to feel or perceive.
Sensibility	The capacity of emotion or feeling, as distinguished from the intellect and the will; peculiar susceptibility of impression, pleasurable or painful; delicacy of feeling; quick emotion or sympathy; as, sensibility to pleasure or pain; sensibility to shame or praise; exquisite sensibility; -- often used in the plural.
Sensibility	Experience of sensation; actual feeling.
Sensibility	That quality of an instrument which makes it indicate very slight changes of condition; delicacy; as, the sensibility of a balance, or of a thermometer.
Sensible	Capable of being perceived by the senses; apprehensible through the bodily organs; hence, also, perceptible to the mind; making an impression upon the sense, reason, or understanding; ////// heat; sensible resistance.
Sensible	Having the capacity of receiving impressions from external objects; capable of perceiving by the instrumentality of the proper organs; liable to be affected physsically or mentally; impressible.
Sensible	Hence: Liable to impression from without; easily affected; having nice perception or acute feeling; sensitive; also, readily moved or affected by natural agents; delicate; as, a sensible thermometer.
Sensible	Perceiving or having perception, either by the senses or the mind; cognizant; perceiving so clearly as to be convinced; satisfied; persuaded.
Sensible	Having moral perception; capable of being affected by moral good or evil.
Sensible	Possessing or containing sense or reason; giftedwith, or characterized by, good or common sense; intelligent; wise.
Sensible	Sensation; sensibility.
Sensible	That which impresses itself on the sense; anything perceptible.
Sensible	That which has sensibility; a sensitive being.
Sensibleness	The quality or state of being sensible; sensibility; appreciation; capacity of perception; susceptibility.
Sensibleness	Intelligence; reasonableness; good sense.
Sensibly	In a sensible manner; so as to be perceptible to the senses or to the mind; appreciably; with perception; susceptibly; sensitively.
Sensibly	With intelligence or good sense; judiciously.
Sensifacient	Converting into sensation.
Sensiferous	Exciting sensation; conveying sensation.
Sensific	Exciting sensation.
Sensificatory	Susceptible of, or converting into, sensation; as, the sensificatory part of a nervous system.
Sensigenous	Causing or exciting sensation.
Sensism	Same as Sensualism, 2 & 3.
Sensist	One who, in philosophy, holds to sensism.
Sensitive	Having sense of feeling; possessing or exhibiting the capacity of receiving impressions from external objects; as, a sensitive soul.
Sensitive	Having quick and acute sensibility, either to the action of external objects, or to impressions upon the mind and feelings; highly susceptible; easily and acutely affected.
Sensitive	Having a capacity of being easily affected or moved; as, a sensitive thermometer; sensitive scales.
Sensitive	Readily affected or changed by certain appropriate agents; as, silver chloride or bromide, when in contact with certain organic substances, is extremely sensitive to actinic rays.
Sensitive	Serving to affect the sense; sensible.
Sensitive	Of or pertaining to sensation; depending on sensation; as, sensitive motions; sensitive muscular motions excited by irritation.
Sensitivity	The quality or state of being sensitive; -- used chiefly in science and the arts; as, the sensitivity of iodized silver.
Sensitize	To render sensitive, or susceptible of being easily acted on by the actinic rays of the sun; as, sensitized paper or plate.
Sensitizer	An agent that sensitizes.
Sensitory	See Sensory.
Sensive	Having sense or sensibility; sensitive.
Sensor	Sensory; as, the sensor nerves.
Sensorial	Of or pertaining to the sensorium; as, sensorial faculties, motions, powers.
Sensoriums	of Sensorium
Sensoria	of Sensorium
Sensorium	The seat of sensation; the nervous center or centers to which impressions from the external world must be conveyed before they can be perceived; the place where external impressions are localized, and transformed into sensations, prior to being reflected to other parts of the organism; hence, the whole nervous system, when animated, so far as it is susceptible of common or special sensations.
Sensori-volitional	Concerned both in sensation and volition; -- applied to those nerve fibers which pass to and from the cerebro-spinal axis, and are respectively concerned in sensation and volition.
Sensories	of Sensery
Sensery	Same as Sensorium.
Sensory	Of or pertaining to the sensorium or sensation; as, sensory impulses; -- especially applied to those nerves and nerve fibers which convey to a nerve center impulses resulting in sensation; also sometimes loosely employed in the sense of afferent, to indicate nerve fibers which convey impressions of any kind to a nerve center.
Sensual	Pertaining to, consisting in, or affecting, the sense, or bodily organs of perception; relating to, or concerning, the body, in distinction from the spirit.
Sensual	Hence, not spiritual or intellectual; carnal; fleshly; pertaining to, or consisting in, the gratification of the senses, or the indulgence of appetites; wordly.
Sensual	Devoted to the pleasures of sense and appetite; luxurious; voluptuous; lewd; libidinous.
Sensual	Pertaining or peculiar to the philosophical doctrine of sensualism.
Sensualism	The condition or character of one who is sensual; subjection to sensual feelings and appetite; sensuality.
Sensualism	The doctrine that all our ideas, or the operations of the understanding, not only originate in sensation, but are transformed sensations, copies or relics of sensations; sensationalism; sensism.
Sensualism	The regarding of the gratification of the senses as the highest good.
Sensualist	One who is sensual; one given to the indulgence of the appetites or senses as the means of happiness.
Sensualist	One who holds to the doctrine of sensualism.
Sensualistic	Sensual.
Sensualistic	Adopting or teaching the doctrines of sensualism.
Sensuality	The quality or state of being sensual; devotedness to the gratification of the bodily appetites; free indulgence in carnal or sensual pleasures; luxuriousness; voluptuousness; lewdness.
Sensualization	The act of sensualizing, or the state of being sensualized.
Sensualized	of Sensualize
Sensualizing	of Sensualize
Sensualize	To make sensual; to subject to the love of sensual pleasure; to debase by carnal gratifications; to carnalize; as, sensualized by pleasure.
Sensually	In a sensual manner.
Sensualness	Sensuality; fleshliness.
Sensuism	Sensualism.
Sensuosity	The quality or state of being sensuous; sensuousness.
Sensuous	Of or pertaining to the senses, or sensible objects; addressing the senses; suggesting pictures or images of sense.
Sensuous	Highly susceptible to influence through the senses.
Sent	See Scent, v. & n.
Sent	obs. 3d pers. sing. pres. of Send, for sendeth.
Sent	imp. & p. p. of Send.
Sentence	Sense; meaning; significance.
Sentence	An opinion; a decision; a determination; a judgment, especially one of an unfavorable nature.
Sentence	A philosophical or theological opinion; a dogma; as, Summary of the Sentences; Book of the Sentences.
Sentence	In civil and admiralty law, the judgment of a court pronounced in a cause; in criminal and ecclesiastical courts, a judgment passed on a criminal by a court or judge; condemnation pronounced by a judgical tribunal; doom. In common law, the term is exclusively used to denote the judgment in criminal cases.
Sentence	A short saying, usually containing moral instruction; a maxim; an axiom; a saw.
Sentence	A combination of words which is complete as expressing a thought, and in writing is marked at the close by a period, or full point. See Proposition, 4.
Sentenced	of Sentence
Sentencing	of Sentence
Sentence	To pass or pronounce judgment upon; to doom; to condemn to punishment; to prescribe the punishment of.
Sentence	To decree or announce as a sentence.
Sentence	To utter sententiously.
Sentencer	One who pronounced a sentence or condemnation.
sentential	Comprising sentences; as, a sentential translation.
sentential	Of or pertaining to a sentence, or full period; as, a sentential pause.
Sententially	In a sentential manner.
Sententiarist	A sententiary.
Sententiary	One who read lectures, or commented, on the Sentences of Peter Lombard, Bishop of Paris (1159-1160), a school divine.
Sententiosity	The quality or state of being sententious.
Sententious	Abounding with sentences, axioms, and maxims; full of meaning; terse and energetic in expression; pithy; as, a sententious style or discourse; sententious truth.
Sententious	Comprising or representing sentences; sentential.
Sentery	A sentry.
Senteur	Scent.
Sentience	Alt. of Sentiency
Sentiency	The quality or state of being sentient; esp., the quality or state of having sensation.
Sentient	Having a faculty, or faculties, of sensation and perception. Specif. (Physiol.), especially sensitive; as, the sentient extremities of nerves, which terminate in the various organs or tissues.
Sentient	One who has the faculty of perception; a sentient being.
Sentiently	In a sentient or perceptive way.
Sentiment	A thought prompted by passion or feeling; a state of mind in view of some subject; feeling toward or respecting some person or thing; disposition prompting to action or expression.
Sentiment	Hence, generally, a decision of the mind formed by deliberation or reasoning; thought; opinion; notion; judgment; as, to express one's sentiments on a subject.
Sentiment	A sentence, or passage, considered as the expression of a thought; a maxim; a saying; a toast.
Sentiment	Sensibility; feeling; tender susceptibility.
Sentimental	Having, expressing, or containing a sentiment or sentiments; abounding with moral reflections; containing a moral reflection; didactic.
Sentimental	Inclined to sentiment; having an excess of sentiment or sensibility; indulging the sensibilities for their own sake; artificially or affectedly tender; -- often in a reproachful sense.
Sentimental	Addressed or pleasing to the emotions only, usually to the weaker and the unregulated emotions.
Sentimentalism	The quality of being sentimental; the character or behavior of a sentimentalist; sentimentality.
Sentimentalist	One who has, or affects, sentiment or fine feeling.
Sentimentality	The quality or state of being sentimental.
Sentimentalize	To regard in a sentimental manner; as, to sentimentalize a subject.
Sentimentalize	To think or act in a sentimental manner, or like a sentimentalist; to affect exquisite sensibility.
Sentimentally	In a sentimental manner.
Sentine	A place for dregs and dirt; a sink; a sewer.
Sentinel	One who watches or guards; specifically (Mil.), a soldier set to guard an army, camp, or other place, from surprise, to observe the approach of danger, and give notice of it; a sentry.
Sentinel	Watch; guard.
Sentinel	A marine crab (Podophthalmus vigil) native of the Indian Ocean, remarkable for the great length of its eyestalks; -- called also sentinel crab.
Sentineled	of Sentinel
Sentinelled	of Sentinel
Sentineling	of Sentinel
Sentinelling	of Sentinel
Sentinel	To watch over like a sentinel.
Sentinel	To furnish with a sentinel; to place under the guard of a sentinel or sentinels.
Sentisection	Painful vivisection; -- opposed to callisection.
Sentires	of Sentry
Sentry	A soldier placed on guard; a sentinel.
Sentry	Guard; watch, as by a sentinel.
Senza	Without; as, senza stromenti, without instruments.
Sepal	A leaf or division of the calyx.
Sepaled	Having one or more sepals.
Sepaline	Relating to, or having the nature of, sepals.
Sepalody	The metamorphosis of other floral organs into sepals or sepaloid bodies.
Sepaloid	Like a sepal, or a division of a calyx.
Sepalous	Having, or relating to, sepals; -- used mostly in composition. See under Sepal.
Separability	Quality of being separable or divisible; divisibility; separableness.
Separable	Capable of being separated, disjoined, disunited, or divided; as, the separable parts of plants; qualities not separable from the substance in which they exist.
Separated	of Separate
Separating	of Separate
Separate	To disunite; to divide; to disconnect; to sever; to part in any manner.
Separate	To come between; to keep apart by occupying the space between; to lie between; as, the Mediterranean Sea separates Europe and Africa.
Separate	To set apart; to select from among others, as for a special use or service.
Separate	To part; to become disunited; to be disconnected; to withdraw from one another; as, the family separated.
Separate	Divided from another or others; disjoined; disconnected; separated; -- said of things once connected.
Separate	Unconnected; not united or associated; distinct; -- said of things that have not been connected.
Separate	Disunited from the body; disembodied; as, a separate spirit; the separate state of souls.
Separatical	Of or pertaining to separatism in religion; schismatical.
Separating	Designed or employed to separate.
Separation	The act of separating, or the state of being separated, or separate.
Separation	Chemical analysis.
Separation	Divorce.
Separation	The operation of removing water from steam.
Separatism	The character or act of a separatist; disposition to withdraw from a church; the practice of so withdrawing.
Separatist	One who withdraws or separates himself; especially, one who withdraws from a church to which he has belonged; a seceder from an established church; a dissenter; a nonconformist; a schismatic; a sectary.
Separatistic	Of or pertaining to separatists; characterizing separatists; schismatical.
Separative	Causing, or being to cause, separation.
Separator	One who, or that which, separates.
Separator	A device for depriving steam of particles of water mixed with it.
Separator	An apparatus for sorting pulverized ores into grades, or separating them from gangue.
Separator	An instrument used for spreading apart the threads of the warp in the loom, etc.
Separatory	Separative.
Separatory	An apparatus used in separating, as a separating funnel.
Separatory	A surgical instrument for separating the pericranium from the cranium.
-trices	of Separatrix
-trixes	of Separatrix
Separatrix	The decimal point; the dot placed at the left of a decimal fraction, to separate it from the whole number which it follows. The term is sometimes also applied to other marks of separation.
Sepawn	See Supawn. 
Sepelible	Admitting of burial.
Sepelition	Burial.
Sephen	A large sting ray of the genus Trygon, especially T. sephen of the Indian Ocean and the Red Sea. The skin is an article of commerce.
Sepias	of Sepia
Sepiae	of Sepia
Sepia	The common European cuttlefish.
Sepia	A genus comprising the common cuttlefish and numerous similar species. See Illustr. under Cuttlefish.
Sepia	A pigment prepared from the ink, or black secretion, of the sepia, or cuttlefish. Treated with caustic potash, it has a rich brown color; and this mixed with a red forms Roman sepia.  Cf. India ink, under India.
Sepia	Of a dark brown color, with a little red in its composition; also, made of, or done in, sepia.
Sepic	Of or pertaining to sepia; done in sepia; as, a sepic drawing.
Sepidaceous	Like or pertaining to the cuttlefishes of the genus Sepia.
Sepiment	Something that separates; a hedge; a fence.
Sepiolite	Meerschaum. See Meerschaum.
Sepiostare	The bone or shell of cuttlefish. See Illust. under Cuttlefish.
Sepon	See Supawn.
Sepose	To set apart.
Seposit	To set aside; to give up.
Seposition	The act of setting aside, or of giving up.
Sepoy	A native of India employed as a soldier in the service of a European power, esp. of Great Britain; an Oriental soldier disciplined in the European manner.
Seppuku	Same as Hara-kiri.
Sepsin	A soluble poison (ptomaine) present in putrid blood. It is also formed in the putrefaction of proteid matter in general.
Sepsis	The poisoning of the system by the introduction of putrescent material into the blood.
Sept	A clan, tribe, or family, proceeding from a common progenitor; -- used especially of the ancient clans in Ireland.
Septaemia	Septicaemia.
Septal	Of or pertaining to a septum or septa, as of a coral or a shell.
Septane	See Heptane.
Septangle	A figure which has seven angles; a heptagon.
Septangular	Heptagonal.
Septaria	of Septarium
Septarium	A flattened concretionary nodule, usually of limestone, intersected within by cracks which are often filled with calcite, barite, or other minerals.
Septate	Divided by partition or partitions; having septa; as, a septate pod or shell.
September	The ninth month of the year, containing thurty days.
Septemberer	A Setembrist.
Septembrist	An agent in the massacres in Paris, committed in patriotic frenzy, on the 22d of September, 1792.
Septemfluous	Flowing sevenfold; divided into seven streams or currents.
Septempartite	Divided nearly to the base into seven parts; as, a septempartite leaf.
Septemtrioun	Septentrion.
Septemvirs	of Septemvir
Septemviri	of Septemvir
Septemvir	One of a board of seven men associated in some office.
Septemvirate	The office of septemvir; a government by septimvirs.
Septenary	Consisting of, or relating to, seven; as, a septenary number.
Septenary	Lasting seven years; continuing seven years.
Septenary	The number seven.
Septenate	Having parts in sevens; heptamerous.
Septennate	A period of seven years; as, the septennate during which the President of the French Republic holds office.
Septennial	Lasting or continuing seven years; as, septennial parliaments.
Septennial	Happening or returning once in every seven years; as, septennial elections in England.
Septennially	Once in seven years.
Septentrial	Septentrional.
Septentrio	The constellation Ursa Major.
Septentrion	The north or northern regions.
Septentrion	Alt. of Septentrional
Septentrional	Of or pertaining to the north; northern.
Septentrionality	Northerliness.
Septentrionally	Northerly.
Septentrionate	To tend or point toward the north; to north.
Septet	Alt. of Septette
Septette	A set of seven persons or objects; as, a septet of singers.
Septette	A musical composition for seven instruments or seven voices; -- called also septuor.
Septfoil	A European herb, the tormentil. See Tormentil.
Septfoil	An ornamental foliation having seven lobes.  Cf. Cinquefoil, Quarterfoil, and Trefoil.
Septfoil	A typical figure, consisting of seven equal segments of a circle, used to denote the gifts of the Holy Chost, the seven sacraments as recognized by the Roman Catholic Church, etc.
Septi-	A combining form meaning seven; as, septifolious, seven-leaved; septi-lateral, seven-sided.
Septic	Of the seventh degree or order.
Septic	A quantic of the seventh degree.
Septic	Alt. of Septical
Septical	Having power to promote putrefaction.
Septic	A substance that promotes putrefaction.
Septicaemia	A poisoned condition of the blood produced by the absorption into it of septic or putrescent material; blood poisoning.  It is marked by chills, fever, prostration, and inflammation of the different serous membranes and of the lungs, kidneys, and other organs.
Septically	In a septic manner; in a manner tending to promote putrefaction.
Septicidal	Dividing the partitions; -- said of a method of dehiscence in which a pod splits through the partitions and is divided into its component carpels.
Septicity	Tendency to putrefaction; septic quality.
Septifarious	Turned in seven different ways.
Septiferous	Bearing a partition; -- said of the valves of a capsule.
Septiferous	Conveying putrid poison; as, the virulence of septiferous matter.
Septifluous	Flowing in seven streams; septemfluous.
Septifolious	Having seven leaves.
Septiform	Having the form of a septum.
Septifragal	Breaking from the partitions; -- said of a method of dehiscence in which the valves of a pod break away from the partitions, and these remain attached to the common axis.
Septilateral	Having seven sides; as, a septilateral figure.
Septillion	According to the French method of numeration (which is followed also in the United States), the number expressed by a unit with twenty-four ciphers annexed. According to the English method, the number expressed by a unit with forty-two ciphers annexed. See Numeration.
Septimole	A group of seven notes to be played in the time of four or six.
Septinsular	Consisting of seven islands; as, the septinsular republic of the Ionian Isles.
Septisyllable	A word of seven syllables.
Septoic	See Heptoic.
Septomaxillary	Of or pertaining to the nasal septum and the maxilla; situated in the region of these parts.
Septomaxillary	A small bone between the nasal septum and the maxilla in many reptiles and amphibians.
Septuagenarian	A person who is seventy years of age; a septuagenary.
Septuagenary	Consisting of seventy; also, seventy years old.
Septuagenary	A septuagenarian.
Septuagesima	The third Sunday before Lent; -- so called because it is about seventy days before Easter.
Septuagesimal	Consisting of seventy days, years, etc.; reckoned by seventies.
Septuagint	A Greek version of the Old Testament; -- so called because it was believed to be the work of seventy (or rather of seventy-two) translators.
Septuary	Something composed of seven; a week.
Septulate	Having imperfect or spurious septa.
Septula	of Septulum
Septulum	A little septum; a division between small cavities or parts.
Septa	of Septum
Septum	A wall separating two cavities; a partition; as, the nasal septum.
Septum	A partition that separates the cells of a fruit.
Septum	One of the radial calcareous plates of a coral.
Septum	One of the transverse partitions dividing the shell of a mollusk, or of a rhizopod, into several chambers. See Illust. under Nautilus.
Septum	One of the transverse partitions dividing the body cavity of an annelid.
Septuor	A septet.
Septuple	Seven times as much; multiplied by seven; sevenfold.
Septupled	of Septuple
Septupling	of Septuple
Septuple	To multiply by seven; to make sevenfold.
Sepulcher	Alt. of Sepulchre
Sepulchre	The place in which the dead body of a human being is interred, or a place set apart for that purpose; a grave; a tomb.
Sepulchered	of Sepulchre
Sepulchred	of Sepulchre
Sepulchering	of Sepulchre
Sepulchring	of Sepulchre
Sepulcher	Alt. of Sepulchre
Sepulchre	To bury; to inter; to entomb; as, obscurely sepulchered.
Sepulchral	Of or pertaining to burial, to the grave, or to monuments erected to the memory of the dead; as, a sepulchral stone; a sepulchral inscription.
Sepulchral	Unnaturally low and grave; hollow in tone; -- said of sound, especially of the voice.
Sepulture	The act of depositing the dead body of a human being in the grave; burial; interment.
Sepulture	A sepulcher; a grave; a place of burial.
Sequacious	Inclined to follow a leader; following; attendant.
Sequacious	Hence, ductile; malleable; pliant; manageable.
Sequacious	Having or observing logical sequence; logically consistent and rigorous; consecutive in development or transition of thought.
Sequaciousness	Quality of being sequacious.
Sequacity	Quality or state of being sequacious; sequaciousness.
Sequel	That which follows; a succeeding part; continuation; as, the sequel of a man's advantures or history.
Sequel	Consequence; event; effect; result; as, let the sun cease, fail, or swerve, and the sequel would be ruin.
Sequel	Conclusion; inference.
Sequelae	of Sequela
Sequela	One who, or that which, follows.
Sequela	An adherent, or a band or sect of adherents.
Sequela	That which follows as the logical result of reasoning; inference; conclusion; suggestion.
Sequela	A morbid phenomenon left as the result of a disease; a disease resulting from another.
Sequence	The state of being sequent; succession; order of following; arrangement.
Sequence	That which follows or succeeds as an effect; sequel; consequence; result.
Sequence	Simple succession, or the coming after in time, without asserting or implying causative energy; as, the reactions of chemical agents may be conceived as merely invariable sequences.
Sequence	Any succession of chords (or harmonic phrase) rising or falling by the regular diatonic degrees in the same scale; a succession of similar harmonic steps.
Sequence	A melodic phrase or passage successively repeated one tone higher; a rosalia.
Sequence	A hymn introduced in the Mass on certain festival days, and recited or sung immediately before the gospel, and after the gradual or introit, whence the name.
Sequence	Three or more cards of the same suit in immediately consecutive order of value; as, ace, king, and queen; or knave, ten, nine, and eight.
Sequence	All five cards, of a hand, in consecutive order as to value, but not necessarily of the same suit; when of one suit, it is called a sequence flush.
Sequent	Following; succeeding; in continuance.
Sequent	Following as an effect; consequent.
Sequent	A follower.
Sequent	That which follows as a result; a sequence.
Sequential	Succeeding or following in order.
Sequestered	of Sequester
Sequestering	of Sequester
Sequester	To separate from the owner for a time; to take from parties in controversy and put into the possession of an indifferent person; to seize or take possession of, as property belonging to another, and hold it till the profits have paid the demand for which it is taken, or till the owner has performed the decree of court, or clears himself of contempt; in international law, to confiscate.
Sequester	To cause (one) to submit to the process of sequestration; to deprive (one) of one's estate, property, etc.
Sequester	To set apart; to put aside; to remove; to separate from other things.
Sequester	To cause to retire or withdraw into obscurity; to seclude; to withdraw; -- often used reflexively.
Sequester	To withdraw; to retire.
Sequester	To renounce (as a widow may) any concern with the estate of her husband.
Sequester	Sequestration; separation.
Sequester	A person with whom two or more contending parties deposit the subject matter of the controversy; one who mediates between two parties; a mediator; an umpire or referee.
Sequester	Same as Sequestrum.
Sequestered	Retired; secluded.
Sequestrable	Capable of being sequestered; subject or liable to sequestration.
Sequestral	Of or pertaining to a sequestrum.
Sequestrated	of Sequestrate
Sequestrating	of Sequestrate
Sequestrate	To sequester.
Seguestration	The act of separating, or setting aside, a thing in controversy from the possession of both the parties that contend for it, to be delivered to the one adjudged entitled to it. It may be voluntary or involuntary.
Seguestration	A prerogative process empowering certain commissioners to take and hold a defendant's property and receive the rents and profits thereof, until he clears himself of a contempt or performs a decree of the court.
Seguestration	A kind of execution for a rent, as in the case of a beneficed clerk, of the profits of a benefice, till he shall have satisfied some debt established by decree; the gathering up of the fruits of a benefice during a vacancy, for the use of the next incumbent; the disposing of the goods, by the ordinary, of one who is dead, whose estate no man will meddle with.
Seguestration	The seizure of the property of an individual for the use of the state; particularly applied to the seizure, by a belligerent power, of debts due from its subjects to the enemy.
Seguestration	The state of being separated or set aside; separation; retirement; seclusion from society.
Seguestration	Disunion; disjunction.
Sequestrator	One who sequesters property, or takes the possession of it for a time, to satisfy a demand out of its rents or profits.
Sequestrator	One to whom the keeping of sequestered property is committed.
Sequestra	of Sequestrum
Sequestrum	A portion of dead bone which becomes separated from the sound portion, as in necrosis.
Sequin	An old gold coin of Italy and Turkey. It was first struck at Venice about the end of the 13th century, and afterward in the other Italian cities, and by the Levant trade was introduced into Turkey. It is worth about 9s. 3d. sterling, or about $2.25. The different kinds vary somewhat in value.
Sequoia	A genus of coniferous trees, consisting of two species, Sequoia Washingtoniana, syn. S. gigantea, the "big tree" of California, and S. sempervirens, the redwood, both of which attain an immense height.
Sequoiene	A hydrocarbon (C13H10) obtained in white fluorescent crystals, in the distillation products of the needles of the California "big tree" (Sequoia gigantea).
Seraglio	An inclosure; a place of separation.
Seraglio	The palace of the Grand Seignior, or Turkish sultan, at Constantinople, inhabited by the sultan himself, and all the officers and dependents of his court. In it are also kept the females of the harem.
Seraglio	A harem; a place for keeping wives or concubines; sometimes, loosely, a place of licentious pleasure; a house of debauchery.
Serai	A palace; a seraglio; also, in the East, a place for the accommodation of travelers; a caravansary, or rest house.
Seralbumen	Serum albumin.
Serang	The boatswain of a Lascar or East Ondian crew.
Serape	A blanket or shawl worn as an outer garment by the Spanish Americans, as in Mexico.
Seraphs	of Seraph
Seraphim	of Seraph
Seraph	One of an order of celestial beings, each having three pairs of wings. In ecclesiastical art and in poetry, a seraph is represented as one of a class of angels.
Seraphic	Alt. of Seraphical
Seraphical	Of or pertaining to a seraph; becoming, or suitable to, a seraph; angelic; sublime; pure; refined.
Seraphicism	The character, quality, or state of a seraph; seraphicalness.
Seraphim	The Hebrew plural of Seraph.  Cf. Cherubim.
Seraphina	A seraphine.
Seraphine	A wind instrument whose sounding parts are reeds, consisting of a thin tongue of brass playing freely through a slot in a plate. It has a case, like a piano, and is played by means of a similar keybord, the bellows being worked by the foot. The melodeon is a portable variety of this instrument.
Serapis	An Egyptian deity, at first a symbol of the Nile, and so of fertility; later, one of the divinities of the lower world. His worship was introduced into Greece and Rome.
Seraskier	A general or commander of land forces in the Turkish empire; especially, the commander-in-chief of minister of war.
Seraskierate	The office or authority of a seraskier.
Serbonian	Relating to the lake of Serbonis in Egypt, which by reason of the sand blowing into it had a deceptive appearance of being solid land, but was a bog.
Sere	Dry; withered. Same as Sear.
Sere	Claw; talon.
Serein	A mist, or very fine rain, which sometimes falls from a clear sky a few moments after sunset.
Serenade	Music sung or performed in the open air at nights; -- usually applied to musical entertainments given in the open air at night, especially by gentlemen, in a spirit of gallantry, under the windows of ladies.
Serenade	A piece of music suitable to be performed at such times.
Serenaded	of Serenade
Serenading	of Serenade
Serenade	To entertain with a serenade.
Serenade	To perform a serenade.
Serenader	One who serenades.
Serenata	Alt. of Serenate
Serenate	A piece of vocal music, especially one on an amoreus subject; a serenade.
Serene	Bright; clear; unabscured; as, a serene sky.
Serene	Calm; placid; undisturbed; unruffled; as, a serene aspect; a serene soul.
Serene	Serenity; clearness; calmness.
Serene	Evening air; night chill.
Serene	To make serene.
Serenely	In a serene manner; clearly.
Serenely	With unruffled temper; coolly; calmly.
Sereneness	Serenity.
Serenitude	Serenity.
Serenity	The quality or state of being serene; clearness and calmness; quietness; stillness; peace.
Serenity	Calmness of mind; eveness of temper; undisturbed state; coolness; composure.
Serf	A servant or slave employed in husbandry, and in some countries attached to the soil and transferred with it, as formerly in Russia.
Serfage	Alt. of Serfdom
Serfdom	The state or condition of a serf.
Serfhood	Alt. of Serfism
Serfism	Serfage.
Serge	A woolen twilled stuff, much used as material for clothing for both sexes.
Serge	A large wax candle used in the ceremonies of various churches.
Sergeancies	of Sergeancy
Sergeancy	The office of a sergeant; sergeantship.
Sergeant	Formerly, in England, an officer nearly answering to the more modern bailiff of the hundred; also, an officer whose duty was to attend on the king, and on the lord high steward in court, to arrest traitors and other offenders. He is now called sergeant-at-arms, and two of these officers, by allowance of the sovereign, attend on the houses of Parliament (one for each house) to execute their commands, and another attends the Court Chancery.
Sergeant	In a company, battery, or troop, a noncommissioned officer next in rank above a corporal, whose duty is to instruct recruits in discipline, to form the ranks, etc.
Sergeant	A lawyer of the highest rank, answering to the doctor of the civil law; -- called also serjeant at law.
Sergeant	A title sometimes given to the servants of the sovereign; as, sergeant surgeon, that is, a servant, or attendant, surgeon.
Sergeant	The cobia.
Sergeantcy	Same as Sergeancy.
Sergeantry	See Sergeanty.
Sergeantship	The office of sergeant.
Sergeanty	Tenure of lands of the crown by an honorary kind of service not due to any lord, but to the king only.
Serial	Of or pertaining to a series; consisting of a series; appearing in successive parts or numbers; as, a serial work or publication.
Serial	Of or pertaining to rows.
Serial	A publication appearing in a series or succession of part; a tale, or other writing, published in successive numbers of a periodical.
Seriality	The quality or state of succession in a series; sequence.
Serially	In a series, or regular order; in a serial manner; as, arranged serially; published serially.
Seriate	Arranged in a series or succession; pertaining to a series.
Seriatim	In regular order; one after the other; severally.
Seriation	Arrangement or position in a series.
Sericeous	Of or pertaining to silk; consisting of silk; silky.
Sericeous	Covered with very soft hairs pressed close to the surface; as, a sericeous leaf.
Sericeous	Having a silklike luster, usually due to fine, close hairs.
Sericin	A gelatinous nitrogenous material extracted from crude silk and other similar fiber by boiling water; -- called also silk gelatin.
Sericite	A kind of muscovite occuring in silky scales having a fibrous structure. It is characteristic of sericite schist.
Sericterium	A silk gland, as in the silkworms.
Sericulture	The raising of silkworms.
Serie	Series.
Seriema	A large South American bird (Dicholophus, / Cariama cristata) related to the cranes. It is often domesticated. Called also cariama.
Series	A number of things or events standing or succeeding in order, and connected by a like relation; sequence; order; course; a succession of things; as, a continuous series of calamitous events.
Series	Any comprehensive group of animals or plants including several subordinate related groups.
Series	An indefinite number of terms succeeding one another, each of which is derived from one or more of the preceding by a fixed law, called the law of the series; as, an arithmetical series; a geometrical series.
Serin	A European finch (Serinus hortulanus) closely related to the canary.
Serine	A white crystalline nitrogenous substance obtained by the action of dilute sulphuric acid on silk gelatin.
Serio-comic	Alt. of Serio-comical
Serio-comical	Having a mixture of seriousness and sport; serious and comical.
Serious	Grave in manner or disposition; earnest; thoughtful; solemn; not light, gay, or volatile.
Serious	Really intending what is said; being in earnest; not jesting or deceiving.
Serious	Important; weighty; not trifling; grave.
Serious	Hence, giving rise to apprehension; attended with danger; as, a serious injury.
Seriph	See Ceriph.
Serjeant	Alt. of Serjeantcy
Serjeantcy	See Sergeant, Sergeantcy, etc.
Sermocination	The making of speeches or sermons; sermonizing.
Sermocinator	One who makes sermons or speeches.
Sermon	A discourse or address; a talk; a writing; as, the sermons of Chaucer.
Sermon	Specifically, a discourse delivered in public, usually by a clergyman, for the purpose of religious instruction and grounded on some text or passage of Scripture.
Sermon	Hence, a serious address; a lecture on one's conduct or duty; an exhortation or reproof; a homily; -- often in a depreciatory sense.
Sermon	To speak; to discourse; to compose or deliver a sermon.
Sermon	To discourse to or of, as in a sermon.
Sermon	To tutor; to lecture.
Sermoneer	A sermonizer.
Sermoner	A preacher; a sermonizer.
Sermonet	A short sermon.
Sermonic	Alt. of Sermonical
Sermonical	Like, or appropriate to, a sermon; grave and didactic.
Sermoning	The act of discoursing; discourse; instruction; preaching.
Sermonish	Resembling a sermon.
Sermonist	See Sermonizer.
Sermonized	of Sermonize
Sermonizing	of Sermonize
Sermonize	To compose or write a sermon or sermons; to preach.
Sermonize	To inculcate rigid rules.
Sermonize	To preach or discourse to; to affect or influence by means of a sermon or of sermons.
Sermonizer	One who sermonizes.
Serolin	A peculiar fatty substance found in the blood, probably a mixture of fats, cholesterin, etc.
Serolin	A body found in fecal matter and thought to be formed in the intestines from the cholesterin of the bile; -- called also stercorin, and stercolin.
Seron	Alt. of Seroon
Seroon	Same as Ceroon.
Serose	Serous.
Serosity	The quality or state of being serous.
Serosity	A thin watery animal fluid, as synovial fluid and pericardial fluid.
Serotine	The European long-eared bat (Vesperugo serotinus).
Serotinous	Appearing or blossoming later in the season than is customary with allied species.
Serous	Thin; watery; like serum; as the serous fluids.
Serous	Of or pertaining to serum; as, the serous glands, membranes, layers. See Serum.
Serow	Alt. of Surrow
Surrow	The thar.
Serpens	A constellation represented as a serpent held by Serpentarius.
Serpent	Any reptile of the order Ophidia; a snake, especially a large snake. See Illust. under Ophidia.
Serpent	Fig.: A subtle, treacherous, malicious person.
Serpent	A species of firework having a serpentine motion as it passess through the air or along the ground.
Serpent	The constellation Serpens.
Serpent	A bass wind instrument, of a loud and coarse tone, formerly much used in military bands, and sometimes introduced into the orchestra; -- so called from its form.
Serpented	of Serpent
Serpenting	of Serpent
Serpent	To wind like a serpent; to crook about; to meander.
Serpent	To wind; to encircle.
Serpentaria	The fibrous aromatic root of the Virginia snakeroot (Aristolochia Serpentaria).
Serpentarius	A constellation on the equator, lying between Scorpio and Hercules; -- called also Ophiuchus.
Serpentiform	Having the form of a serpent.
Serpentigenous	Bred of a serpent.
Serpentine	Resembling a serpent; having the shape or qualities of a serpent; subtle; winding or turning one way and the other, like a moving serpent; anfractuous; meandering; sinuous; zigzag; as, serpentine braid.
Serpentine	A mineral or rock consisting chiefly of the hydrous silicate of magnesia. It is usually of an obscure green color, often with a spotted or mottled appearance resembling a serpent's skin. Precious, or noble, serpentine is translucent and of a rich oil-green color.
Serpentine	A kind of ancient cannon.
Serpentine	To serpentize.
Serpentinely	In a serpentine manner.
Serpentinian	See 2d Ophite.
Serpentinize	To convert (a magnesian silicate) into serpentine.
Serpentinous	Relating to, or like, serpentine; as, a rock serpentinous in character.
Serpentize	To turn or bend like a serpent, first in one direction and then in the opposite; to meander; to wind; to serpentine.
Serpentry	A winding like a serpent's.
Serpentry	A place inhabited or infested by serpents.
Serpent-tongued	Having a forked tongue, like a serpent.
Serpet	A basket.
Serpette	A pruning knife with a curved blade.
Serpiginous	Creeping; -- said of lesions which heal over one portion while continuing to advance at another.
Serpigo	A dry, scaly eruption on the skin; especially, a ringworm.
Serpolet	Wild thyme.
Serpulae	of Serpula
Serpulas	of Serpula
Serpula	Any one of numerous species of tubicolous annelids of the genus Serpula and allied genera of the family Serpulidae. They secrete a calcareous tube, which is usually irregularly contorted, but is sometimes spirally coiled. The worm has a wreath of plumelike and often bright-colored gills around its head, and usually an operculum to close the aperture of its tube when it retracts.
Serpulian	Alt. of Serpulidan
Serpulidan	A serpula.
Serpulite	A fossil serpula shell.
Serr	To crowd, press, or drive together.
Serranoid	Any fish of the family Serranidae, which includes the striped bass, the black sea bass, and many other food fishes.
Serranoid	Of or pertaining to the Serranidae.
Serrate	Alt. of Serrated
Serrated	Notched on the edge, like a saw.
Serrated	Beset with teeth pointing forwards or upwards; as, serrate leaves.
Serration	Condition of being serrate; formation in the shape of a saw.
Serration	One of the teeth in a serrate or serrulate margin.
Serratirostral	Having a toothed bill, like that of a toucan.
Serrator	The ivory gull (Larus eburneus).
Serrature	A notching, like that between the teeth of a saw, in the edge of anything.
Serrature	One of the teeth in a serrated edge; a serration.
Serricated	Covered with fine silky down.
Serricorn	Having serrated antenn/.
Serricorn	Any one of a numerous tribe of beetles (Serricornia). The joints of the antennae are prominent, thus producing a serrate appearance. See Illust. under Antenna.
Serried	Crowded; compact; dense; pressed together.
Serrifera	A division of Hymenoptera comprising the sawflies.
Serrirostres	Same as Lamellirostres.
Serrous	Like the teeth off a saw; jagged.
Serrula	The red-breasted merganser.
Serrulate	Alt. of Serrulated
Serrulated	Finely serrate; having very minute teeth.
Serrulation	The state of being notched minutely, like a fine saw.
Serrulation	One of the teeth in a serrulate margin.
Serried	of Serry
Serrying	of Serry
Serry	To crowd; to press together.
Sertularia	A genus of delicate branching hydroids having small sessile hydrothecae along the sides of the branches.
Sertularian	Any species of Sertularia, or of Sertularidae, a family of hydroids having branched chitinous stems and simple sessile hydrothecae. Also used adjectively.
Serum	The watery portion of certain animal fluids, as blood, milk, etc.
Serum	A thin watery fluid, containing more or less albumin, secreted by the serous membranes of the body, such as the pericardium and peritoneum.
Servable	Capable of being served.
Servable	Capable of being preserved.
Servage	Serfage; slavery; servitude.
Serval	An African wild cat (Felis serval) of moderate size. It has rather long legs and a tail of moderate length. Its color is tawny, with black spots on the body and rings of black on the tail.
Servaline	Related to, or resembling, the serval.
Servant	One who serves, or does services, voluntarily or on compulsion; a person who is employed by another for menial offices, or for other labor, and is subject to his command; a person who labors or exerts himself for the benefit of another, his master or employer; a subordinate helper.
Servant	One in a state of subjection or bondage.
Servant	A professed lover or suitor; a gallant.
Servant	To subject.
Servantess	A maidservant.
Servantry	A body of servants; servants, collectively.
Served	of Serve
Serving	of Serve
Serve	To work for; to labor in behalf of; to exert one's self continuously or statedly for the benefit of; to do service for; to be in the employment of, as an inferior, domestic, serf, slave, hired assistant, official helper, etc.; specifically, in a religious sense, to obey and worship.
Serve	To be subordinate to; to act a secondary part under; to appear as the inferior of; to minister to.
Serve	To be suitor to; to profess love to.
Serve	To wait upon; to supply the wants of; to attend; specifically, to wait upon at table; to attend at meals; to supply with food; as, to serve customers in a shop.
Serve	Hence, to bring forward, arrange, deal, or distribute, as a portion of anything, especially of food prepared for eating; -- often with up; formerly with in.
Serve	To perform the duties belonging to, or required in or for; hence, to be of use to; as, a curate may serve two churches; to serve one's country.
Serve	To contribute or conduce to; to promote; to be sufficient for; to satisfy; as, to serve one's turn.
Serve	To answer or be (in the place of something) to; as, a sofa serves one for a seat and a couch.
Serve	To treat; to behave one's self to; to requite; to act toward; as, he served me very ill.
Serve	To work; to operate; as, to serve the guns.
Serve	To bring to notice, deliver, or execute, either actually or constructively, in such manner as the law requires; as, to serve a summons.
Serve	To make legal service opon (a person named in a writ, summons, etc.); as, to serve a witness with a subp/na.
Serve	To pass or spend, as time, esp. time of punishment; as, to serve a term in prison.
Serve	To copulate with; to cover; as, a horse serves a mare; -- said of the male.
Serve	To lead off in delivering (the ball).
Serve	To wind spun yarn, or the like, tightly around (a rope or cable, etc.) so as to protect it from chafing or from the weather. See under Serving.
Serve	To be a servant or a slave; to be employed in labor or other business for another; to be in subjection or bondage; to render menial service.
Serve	To perform domestic offices; to be occupied with household affairs; to prepare and dish up food, etc.
Serve	To be in service; to do duty; to discharge the requirements of an office or employment. Specifically, to act in the public service, as a soldier, seaman. etc.
Serve	To be of use; to answer a purpose; to suffice; to suit; to be convenient or favorable.
Serve	To lead off in delivering the ball.
Server	One who serves.
Server	A tray for dishes; a salver.
Servian	Of or pertaining to Servia, a kingdom of Southern Europe.
Servian	A native or inhabitant of Servia.
Service	Alt. of Service
Service	A name given to several trees and shrubs of the genus Pyrus, as Pyrus domestica and P. torminalis of Europe, the various species of mountain ash or rowan tree, and the American shad bush (see Shad bush, under Shad). They have clusters of small, edible, applelike berries.
Service	The act of serving; the occupation of a servant; the performance of labor for the benefit of another, or at another's command; attendance of an inferior, hired helper, slave, etc., on a superior, employer, master, or the like; also, spiritual obedience and love.
Service	The deed of one who serves; labor performed for another; duty done or required; office.
Service	Office of devotion; official religious duty performed; religious rites appropriate to any event or ceremonial; as, a burial service.
Service	Hence, a musical composition for use in churches.
Service	Duty performed in, or appropriate to, any office or charge; official function; hence, specifically, military or naval duty; performance of the duties of a soldier.
Service	Useful office; advantage conferred; that which promotes interest or happiness; benefit; avail.
Service	Profession of respect; acknowledgment of duty owed.
Service	The act and manner of bringing food to the persons who eat it; order of dishes at table; also, a set or number of vessels ordinarily used at table; as, the service was tardy and awkward; a service of plate or glass.
Service	The act of bringing to notice, either actually or constructively, in such manner as is prescribed by law; as, the service of a subp/na or an attachment.
Service	The materials used for serving a rope, etc., as spun yarn, small lines, etc.
Service	The act of serving the ball.
Service	Act of serving or covering. See Serve, v. t., 13.
Serviceable	Doing service; promoting happiness, interest, advantage, or any good; useful to any end; adapted to any good end use; beneficial; advantageous.
Serviceable	Prepared for rendering service; capable of, or fit for, the performance of duty; hence, active; diligent.
Serviceage	Servitude.
Servient	Subordinate.
Serviette	A table napkin.
Servile	Of or pertaining to a servant or slave; befitting a servant or a slave; proceeding from dependence; hence, meanly submissive; slavish; mean; cringing; fawning; as, servile flattery; servile fear; servile obedience.
Servile	Held in subjection; dependent; enslaved.
Servile	Not belonging to the original root; as, a servile letter.
Servile	Not itself sounded, but serving to lengthen the preceeding vowel, as e in tune.
Servile	An element which forms no part of the original root; -- opposed to radical.
Servilely	In a servile manner; slavishly.
Servileness	Quality of being servile; servility.
Servility	The quality or state of being servile; servileness.
Serving	a. & n. from Serve.
Servite	One of the order of the Religious Servants of the Holy Virgin, founded in Florence in 1223.
Servifor	One who serves; a servant; an attendant; one who acts under another; a follower or adherent.
Servifor	An undergraduate, partly supported by the college funds, whose duty it formerly was to wait at table. A servitor corresponded to a sizar in Cambridge and Dublin universities.
Servitorship	The office, rank, or condition of a servitor.
Servitude	The state of voluntary or compulsory subjection to a master; the condition of being bound to service; the condition of a slave; slavery; bondage; hence, a state of slavish dependence.
Servitude	Servants, collectively.
Servitude	A right whereby one thing is subject to another thing or person for use or convenience, contrary to the common right.
Serviture	Servants, collectively.
Servitute	Servitude.
Serye	A series.
Sesame	Either of two annual herbaceous plants of the genus Sesamum (S. Indicum, and S. orientale), from the seeds of which an oil is expressed; also, the small obovate, flattish seeds of these plants, sometimes used as food. See Benne.
Sesamoid	Resembling in shape the seeds of sesame.
Sesamoid	Of or pertaining to the sesamoid bones or cartilages; sesamoidal.
Sesamoid	A sesamoid bone or cartilage.
Sesamoidal	Sesamoid.
Sesban	A leguminous shrub (Sesbania aculeata) which furnishes a fiber used for making ropes.
Sesqui-	A combining form (also used adjectively) denoting that three atoms or equivalents of the substance to the name of which it is prefixed are combined with two of some other element or radical; as, sesquibromide, sesquicarbonate, sesquichloride, sesquioxide.
Sesquialter	Sesquialteral.
Sesquialter	Alt. of Sesquialtera
Sesquialtera	A stop on the organ, containing several ranks of pipes which reenforce some of the high harmonics of the ground tone, and make the sound more brilliant.
Sesquialteral	Alt. of Sesquialterate
Sesquialterate	Once and a half times as great as another; having the ratio of one and a half to one.
Sesquialterous	Sesquialteral.
Sesquibasic	Containing, or acting as, a base in the proportions of a sesqui compound.
Sesquiduplicate	Twice and a half as great (as another thing); having the ratio of two and a half to one.
Sesquioxide	An oxide containing three atoms of oxygen with two atoms (or radicals) of some other substance; thus, alumina, Al2O3 is a sesquioxide.
Sesquipedal	Alt. of Sesquipedalian
Sesquipedalian	Measuring or containing a foot and a half; as, a sesquipedalian pygmy; -- sometimes humorously applied to long words.
Sesquipedalianism	Alt. of Sesquipedalism
Sesquipedalism	Sesquipedality.
Sesqyipedality	The quality or condition of being sesquipedal.
Sesqyipedality	The use of sesquipedalian words; style characterized by the use of long words; sesquipedalism.
Sesquiplicate	Subduplicate of the triplicate; -- a term applied to ratios; thus, a and a' are in the sesquiplicate ratio of b and b', when a is to a' as the square root of the cube of b is to the square root of the cube of b', or a:a'::b3:b'3.
Sesquisalt	A salt derived from a sesquioxide base, or made up on the proportions of a sesqui compound.
Sesquisulphide	A sulphide, analogous to a sesquioxide, containing three atoms of sulphur to two of the other ingredient; -- formerly called also sesquisulphuret; as, orpiment, As2S3 is arsenic sesquisulphide.
Sesquitertial	Sesquitertian.
Sesquitertian	Alt. of Sesquitertianal
Sesquitertianal	Having the ratio of one and one third to one (as 4 : 3).
Sesquitone	A minor third, or interval of three semitones.
Sess	To lay a tax upon; to assess.
Sess	A tax; an assessment. See Cess.
Sessa	Hurry; run.
Sessile	Attached without any sensible projecting support.
Sessile	Resting directly upon the main stem or branch, without a petiole or footstalk; as, a sessile leaf or blossom.
Sessile	Permanently attached; -- said of the gonophores of certain hydroids which never became detached.
Sessile-eyed	Having eyes which are not elevated on a stalk; -- opposed to stalk-eyed.
Session	The act of sitting, or the state of being seated.
Session	The actual sitting of a court, council, legislature, etc., or the actual assembly of the members of such a body, for the transaction of business.
Session	Hence, also, the time, period, or term during which a court, council, legislature, etc., meets daily for business; or, the space of time between the first meeting and the prorogation or adjournment; thus, a session of Parliaments is opened with a speech from the throne, and closed by prorogation. The session of a judicial court is called a term.
Sessional	Of or pertaining to a session or sessions.
Sesspool	Same as Cesspool.
Sesterce	A Roman coin or denomination of money, in value the fourth part of a denarius, and originally containing two asses and a half, afterward four asses, -- equal to about two pence sterling, or four cents.
Sestet	A piece of music composed for six voices or six instruments; a sextet; -- called also sestuor.
Sestet	The last six lines of a sonnet.
Sestetto	A sestet.
Sestine	See Sextain.
Sestuor	A sestet.
Set	of Set
Setting	of Set
Set	To cause to sit; to make to assume a specified position or attitude; to give site or place to; to place; to put; to fix; as, to set a house on a stone foundation; to set a book on a shelf; to set a dish on a table; to set a chest or trunk on its bottom or on end.
Set	Hence, to attach or affix (something) to something else, or in or upon a certain place.
Set	To make to assume specified place, condition, or occupation; to put in a certain condition or state (described by the accompanying words); to cause to be.
Set	To fix firmly; to make fast, permanent, or stable; to render motionless; to give an unchanging place, form, or condition to.
Set	To cause to stop or stick; to obstruct; to fasten to a spot; hence, to occasion difficulty to; to embarrass; as, to set a coach in the mud.
Set	To fix beforehand; to determine; hence, to make unyielding or obstinate; to render stiff, unpliant, or rigid; as, to set one's countenance.
Set	To fix in the ground, as a post or a tree; to plant; as, to set pear trees in an orchard.
Set	To fix, as a precious stone, in a border of metal; to place in a setting; hence, to place in or amid something which serves as a setting; as, to set glass in a sash.
Set	To render stiff or solid; especially, to convert into curd; to curdle; as, to set milk for cheese.
Set	To put into a desired position or condition; to adjust; to regulate; to adapt.
Set	To put in order in a particular manner; to prepare; as, to set (that is, to hone) a razor; to set a saw.
Set	To extend and bring into position; to spread; as, to set the sails of a ship.
Set	To give a pitch to, as a tune; to start by fixing the keynote; as, to set a psalm.
Set	To reduce from a dislocated or fractured state; to replace; as, to set a broken bone.
Set	To make to agree with some standard; as, to set a watch or a clock.
Set	To lower into place and fix solidly, as the blocks of cut stone in a structure.
Set	To stake at play; to wager; to risk.
Set	To fit with music; to adapt, as words to notes; to prepare for singing.
Set	To determine; to appoint; to assign; to fix; as, to set a time for a meeting; to set a price on a horse.
Set	To adorn with something infixed or affixed; to stud; to variegate with objects placed here and there.
Set	To value; to rate; -- with at.
Set	To point out the seat or position of, as birds, or other game; -- said of hunting dogs.
Set	To establish as a rule; to furnish; to prescribe; to assign; as, to set an example; to set lessons to be learned.
Set	To suit; to become; as, it sets him ill.
Set	To compose; to arrange in words, lines, etc.; as, to set type; to set a page.
Set	To pass below the horizon; to go down; to decline; to sink out of sight; to come to an end.
Set	To fit music to words.
Set	To place plants or shoots in the ground; to plant.
Set	To be fixed for growth; to strike root; to begin to germinate or form; as, cuttings set well; the fruit has set well (i. e., not blasted in the blossom).
Set	To become fixed or rigid; to be fastened.
Set	To congeal; to concrete; to solidify.
Set	To have a certain direction in motion; to flow; to move on; to tend; as, the current sets to the north; the tide sets to the windward.
Set	To begin to move; to go out or forth; to start; -- now followed by out.
Set	To indicate the position of game; -- said of a dog; as, the dog sets well; also, to hunt game by the aid of a setter.
Set	To apply one's self; to undertake earnestly; -- now followed by out.
Set	To fit or suit one; to sit; as, the coat sets well.
Set	Fixed in position; immovable; rigid; as, a set line; a set countenance.
Set	Firm; unchanging; obstinate; as, set opinions or prejudices.
Set	Regular; uniform; formal; as, a set discourse; a set battle.
Set	Established; prescribed; as, set forms of prayer.
Set	Adjusted; arranged; formed; adapted.
Set	The act of setting, as of the sun or other heavenly body; descent; hence, the close; termination.
Set	That which is set, placed, or fixed.
Set	A young plant for growth; as, a set of white thorn.
Set	That which is staked; a wager; a venture; a stake; hence, a game at venture.
Set	Permanent change of figure in consequence of excessive strain, as from compression, tension, bending, twisting, etc.; as, the set of a spring.
Set	A kind of punch used for bending, indenting, or giving shape to, metal; as, a saw set.
Set	A piece placed temporarily upon the head of a pile when the latter cannot be reached by the weight, or hammer, except by means of such an intervening piece.
Set	A short steel spike used for driving the head of a nail below the surface.
Set	A number of things of the same kind, ordinarily used or classed together; a collection of articles which naturally complement each other, and usually go together; an assortment; a suit; as, a set of chairs, of china, of surgical or mathematical instruments, of books, etc.
Set	A number of persons associated by custom, office, common opinion, quality, or the like; a division; a group; a clique.
Set	Direction or course; as, the set of the wind, or of a current.
Set	In dancing, the number of persons necessary to execute a quadrille; also, the series of figures or movements executed.
Set	The deflection of a tooth, or of the teeth, of a saw, which causes the the saw to cut a kerf, or make an opening, wider than the blade.
Set	A young oyster when first attached.
Set	Collectively, the crop of young oysters in any locality.
Set	A series of as many games as may be necessary to enable one side to win six. If at the end of the tenth game the score is a tie, the set is usually called a deuce set, and decided by an application of the rules for playing off deuce in a game. See Deuce.
Set	That dimension of the body of a type called by printers the width.
Setae	of Seta
Seta	Any slender, more or less rigid, bristlelike organ or part; as the hairs of a caterpillar, the slender spines of a crustacean, the hairlike processes of a protozoan, the bristles or stiff hairs on the leaves of some plants, or the pedicel of the capsule of a moss.
Seta	One of the movable chitinous spines or hooks of an annelid. They usually arise in clusters from muscular capsules, and are used in locomotion and for defense. They are very diverse in form.
Seta	One of the spinelike feathers at the base of the bill of certain birds.
Setaceous	Set with, or consisting of, bristles; bristly; as, a stiff, setaceous tail.
Setaceous	Bristelike in form or texture; as, a setaceous feather; a setaceous leaf.
Setback	Offset, n., 4.
Setback	A backset; a countercurrent; an eddy.
Setback	A backset; a check; a repulse; a reverse; a relapse.
Setbolt	An iron pin, or bolt, for fitting planks closely together.
Setbolt	A bolt used for forcing another bolt out of its hole.
Setdown	The humbling of a person by act or words, especially by a retort or a reproof; the retort or the reproof which has such effect.
Setee	See 2d Settee.
Seten	obs. imp. pl. of Sit. Sat.
Setewale	See Cetewale.
Set-fair	In plastering, a particularly good troweled surface.
Setfoil	See Septfoil.
Sethen	See Since.
Sethic	See Sothic.
Setiferous	Producing, or having one or more, bristles.
Setiform	Having the form or structure of setae.
Setiger	An annelid having setae; a chaetopod.
Setigerous	Covered with bristles; having or bearing a seta or setae; setiferous; as, setigerous glands; a setigerous segment of an annelid; specifically (Bot.), tipped with a bristle.
Setim	See Shittim.
Setiparous	Producing setae; -- said of the organs from which the setae of annelids arise.
Setireme	A swimming leg (of an insect) having a fringe of hairs on the margin.
Setness	The quality or state of being set; formality; obstinacy.
Set-off	That which is set off against another thing; an offset.
Set-off	That which is used to improve the appearance of anything; a decoration; an ornament.
Set-off	A counterclaim; a cross debt or demand; a distinct claim filed or set up by the defendant against the plaintiff's demand.
Set-off	Same as Offset, n., 4.
Set-off	See Offset, 7.
Seton	A few silk threads or horsehairs, or a strip of linen or the like, introduced beneath the skin by a knife or needle, so as to form an issue; also, the issue so formed.
Setose	Alt. of Setous
Setous	Thickly set with bristles or bristly hairs.
Setout	A display, as of plate, equipage, etc.; that which is displayed.
Set-stitched	Stitched according to a formal pattern.
Sett	See Set, n., 2 (e) and 3.
Settee	A long seat with a back, -- made to accommodate several persons at once.
Settee	A vessel with a very long, sharp prow, carrying two or three masts with lateen sails, -- used in the Mediterranean.
Setter	One who, or that which, sets; -- used mostly in composition with a noun, as typesetter; or in combination with an adverb, as a setter on (or inciter), a setter up, a setter forth.
Setter	A hunting dog of a special breed originally derived from a cross between the spaniel and the pointer. Modern setters are usually trained to indicate the position of game birds by standing in a fixed position, but originally they indicated it by sitting or crouching.
Setter	One who hunts victims for sharpers.
Setter	One who adapts words to music in composition.
Setter	An adornment; a decoration; -- with off.
Setter	A shallow seggar for porcelain.
Setter	To cut the dewlap (of a cow or an ox), and to insert a seton, so as to cause an issue.
Setterwort	The bear's-foot (Helleborus f/tidus); -- so called because the root was used in settering, or inserting setons into the dewlaps of cattle. Called also pegroots.
Setting	The act of one who, or that which, sets; as, the setting of type, or of gems; the setting of the sun; the setting (hardening) of moist plaster of Paris; the setting (set) of a current.
Setting	The act of marking the position of game, as a setter does; also, hunting with a setter.
Setting	Something set in, or inserted.
Setting	That in which something, as a gem, is set; as, the gold setting of a jeweled pin.
Settle	A seat of any kind.
Settle	A bench; especially, a bench with a high back.
Settle	A place made lower than the rest; a wide step or platform lower than some other part.
Settled	of Settle
Settling	of Settle
Settle	To place in a fixed or permanent condition; to make firm, steady, or stable; to establish; to fix; esp., to establish in life; to fix in business, in a home, or the like.
Settle	To establish in the pastoral office; to ordain or install as pastor or rector of a church, society, or parish; as, to settle a minister.
Settle	To cause to be no longer in a disturbed condition; to render quiet; to still; to calm; to compose.
Settle	To clear of dregs and impurities by causing them to sink; to render pure or clear; -- said of a liquid; as, to settle coffee, or the grounds of coffee.
Settle	To restore or bring to a smooth, dry, or passable condition; -- said of the ground, of roads, and the like; as, clear weather settles the roads.
Settle	To cause to sink; to lower; to depress; hence, also, to render close or compact; as, to settle the contents of a barrel or bag by shaking it.
Settle	To determine, as something which is exposed to doubt or question; to free from unscertainty or wavering; to make sure, firm, or constant; to establish; to compose; to quiet; as, to settle the mind when agitated; to settle questions of law; to settle the succession to a throne; to settle an allowance.
Settle	To adjust, as something in discussion; to make up; to compose; to pacify; as, to settle a quarrel.
Settle	To adjust, as accounts; to liquidate; to balance; as, to settle an account.
Settle	Hence, to pay; as, to settle a bill.
Settle	To plant with inhabitants; to colonize; to people; as, the French first settled Canada; the Puritans settled New England; Plymouth was settled in 1620.
Settle	To become fixed or permanent; to become stationary; to establish one's self or itself; to assume a lasting form, condition, direction, or the like, in place of a temporary or changing state.
Settle	To fix one's residence; to establish a dwelling place or home; as, the Saxons who settled in Britain.
Settle	To enter into the married state, or the state of a householder.
Settle	To be established in an employment or profession; as, to settle in the practice of law.
Settle	To become firm, dry, and hard, as the ground after the effects of rain or frost have disappeared; as, the roads settled late in the spring.
Settle	To become clear after being turbid or obscure; to clarify by depositing matter held in suspension; as, the weather settled; wine settles by standing.
Settle	To sink to the bottom; to fall to the bottom, as dregs of a liquid, or the sediment of a reserveir.
Settle	To sink gradually to a lower level; to subside, as the foundation of a house, etc.
Settle	To become calm; to cease from agitation.
Settle	To adjust differences or accounts; to come to an agreement; as, he has settled with his creditors.
Settle	To make a jointure for a wife.
Settledness	The quality or state of being settled; confirmed state.
Settlement	The act of setting, or the state of being settled.
Settlement	Establishment in life, in business, condition, etc.; ordination or installation as pastor.
Settlement	The act of peopling, or state of being peopled; act of planting, as a colony; colonization; occupation by settlers; as, the settlement of a new country.
Settlement	The act or process of adjusting or determining; composure of doubts or differences; pacification; liquidation of accounts; arrangement; adjustment; as, settlement of a controversy, of accounts, etc.
Settlement	Bestowal, or giving possession, under legal sanction; the act of giving or conferring anything in a formal and permanent manner.
Settlement	A disposition of property for the benefit of some person or persons, usually through the medium of trustees, and for the benefit of a wife, children, or other relatives; jointure granted to a wife, or the act of granting it.
Settlement	That which settles, or is settled, established, or fixed.
Settlement	Matter that subsides; settlings; sediment; lees; dregs.
Settlement	A colony newly established; a place or region newly settled; as, settlement in the West.
Settlement	That which is bestowed formally and permanently; the sum secured to a person; especially, a jointure made to a woman at her marriage; also, in the United States, a sum of money or other property formerly granted to a pastor in additional to his salary.
Settlement	The gradual sinking of a building, whether by the yielding of the ground under the foundation, or by the compression of the joints or the material.
Settlement	Fractures or dislocations caused by settlement.
Settlement	A settled place of abode; residence; a right growing out of residence; legal residence or establishment of a person in a particular parish or town, which entitles him to maintenance if a pauper, and subjects the parish or town to his support.
Settler	One who settles, becomes fixed, established, etc.
Settler	Especially, one who establishes himself in a new region or a colony; a colonist; a planter; as, the first settlers of New England.
Settler	That which settles or finishes; hence, a blow, etc., which settles or decides a contest.
Settler	A vessel, as a tub, in which something, as pulverized ore suspended in a liquid, is allowed to settle.
Settling	The act of one who, or that which, settles; the act of establishing one's self, of colonizing, subsiding, adjusting, etc.
Settling	That which settles at the bottom of a liquid; lees; dregs; sediment.
Set-to	A contest in boxing, in an argument, or the like.
Setulae	of Setula
Setula	A small, short hair or bristle; a small seta.
Setule	A setula.
Setulose	Having small bristles or setae.
Setwall	A plant formerly valued for its restorative qualities (Valeriana officinalis, or V. Pyrenaica).
Seven	One more than six; six and one added; as, seven days make one week.
Seven	The number greater by one than six; seven units or objects.
Seven	A symbol representing seven units, as 7, or vii.
Sevenfold	Repeated seven times; having seven thicknesses; increased to seven times the size or amount.
Sevenfold	Seven times as much or as often.
Sevennight	A week; any period of seven consecutive days and nights. See Sennight.
Sevenscore	Seven times twenty, that is, a hundred and forty.
Seven-shooter	A firearm, esp. a pistol, with seven barrels or chambers for cartridges, or one capable of firing seven shots without reloading.
Seventeen	One more than sixteen; ten and seven added; as, seventeen years.
Seventeen	The number greater by one than sixteen; the sum of ten and seven; seventeen units or objects.
Seventeen	A symbol denoting seventeen units, as 17, or xvii.
Seventeenth	Next in order after the sixteenth; coming after sixteen others.
Seventeenth	Constituting or being one of seventeen equal parts into which anything is divided.
Seventeenth	The next in order after the sixteenth; one coming after sixteen others.
Seventeenth	The quotient of a unit divided by seventeen; one of seventeen equal parts or divisions of one whole.
Seventeenth	An interval of two octaves and a third.
Seventh	Next in order after the sixth;; coming after six others.
Seventh	Constituting or being one of seven equal parts into which anything is divided; as, the seventh part.
Seventh	One next in order after the sixth; one coming after six others.
Seventh	The quotient of a unit divided by seven; one of seven equal parts into which anything is divided.
Seventh	An interval embracing seven diatonic degrees of the scale.
Seventh	A chord which includes the interval of a seventh whether major, minor, or diminished.
Seven-thirties	A name given to three several issues of United States Treasury notes, made during the Civil War, in denominations of $50 and over, bearing interest at the rate of seven and three tenths (thirty hundredths) per cent annually. Within a few years they were all redeemed or funded.
Seventhly	In the seventh place.
Seventieth	Next in order after the sixty-ninth; as, a man in the seventieth year of his age.
Seventieth	Constituting or being one of seventy equal parts.
Seventieth	One next in order after the sixty-ninth.
Seventieth	The quotient of a unit divided by seventy; one of seventy equal parts or fractions.
Seventy	Seven times ten; one more than sixty-nine.
Seventies	of Seventy
Seventy	The sum of seven times ten; seventy units or objects.
Seventy	A symbol representing seventy units, as 70, or lxx.
Seventy-four	A naval vessel carrying seventy-four guns.
Seven-up	The game of cards called also all fours, and old sledge.
Severed	of Sever
Severing	of Sever
Sever	To separate, as one from another; to cut off from something; to divide; to part in any way, especially by violence, as by cutting, rending, etc.; as, to sever the head from the body.
Sever	To cut or break open or apart; to divide into parts; to cut through; to disjoin; as, to sever the arm or leg.
Sever	To keep distinct or apart; to except; to exempt.
Sever	To disunite; to disconnect; to terminate; as, to sever an estate in joint tenancy.
Sever	To suffer disjunction; to be parted, or rent asunder; to be separated; to part; to separate.
Sever	To make a separation or distinction; to distinguish.
Severable	Capable of being severed.
Several	Separate; distinct; particular; single.
Several	Diverse; different; various.
Several	Consisting of a number more than two, but not very many; divers; sundry; as, several persons were present when the event took place.
Several	By itself; severally.
Several	Each particular taken singly; an item; a detail; an individual.
Several	Persons oe objects, more than two, but not very many.
Several	An inclosed or separate place; inclosure.
Severalities	of Severality
Severality	Each particular taken singly; distinction.
Severalize	To distinguish.
Severally	Separately; distinctly; apart from others; individually.
Severalty	A state of separation from the rest, or from all others; a holding by individual right.
Severance	The act of severing, or the state of being severed; partition; separation.
Severance	The act of dividing; the singling or severing of two or more that join, or are joined, in one writ; the putting in several or separate pleas or answers by two or more disjointly; the destruction of the unity of interest in a joint estate.
Severe	Serious in feeeling or manner; sedate; grave; austere; not light, lively, or cheerful.
Severe	Very strict in judgment, discipline, or government; harsh; not mild or indulgent; rigorous; as, severe criticism; severe punishment.
Severe	Rigidly methodical, or adherent to rule or principle; exactly conformed to a standard; not allowing or employing unneccessary ornament, amplification, etc.; strict; -- said of style, argument, etc.
Severe	Sharp; afflictive; distressing; violent; extreme; as, severe pain, anguish, fortune; severe cold.
Severe	Difficult to be endured; exact; critical; rigorous; as, a severe test.
Severities	of Severity
Severity	The quality or state of being severe.
Severity	Gravity or austerity; extreme strictness; rigor; harshness; as, the severity of a reprimand or a reproof; severity of discipline or government; severity of penalties.
Severity	The quality or power of distressing or paining; extreme degree; extremity; intensity; inclemency; as, the severity of pain or anguish; the severity of cold or heat; the severity of the winter.
Severity	Harshness; cruel treatment; sharpness of punishment; as, severity practiced on prisoners of war.
Severity	Exactness; rigorousness; strictness; as, the severity of a test.
Severy	A bay or compartment of a vaulted ceiling.
Sevocation	A calling aside.
Sevres blue	A very light blue.
Sevres ware	Porcelain manufactured at Sevres, France, ecpecially in the national factory situated there.
Sew	Juice; gravy; a seasoned dish; a delicacy.
Sew	To follow; to pursue; to sue.
Sewed	of Sew
Sewed	of Sew
Sewn	of Sew
Sewing	of Sew
Sew	To unite or fasten together by stitches, as with a needle and thread.
Sew	To close or stop by ssewing; -- often with up; as, to sew up a rip.
Sew	To inclose by sewing; -- sometimes with up; as, to sew money in a bag.
Sew	To practice sewing; to work with needle and thread.
Sew	To drain, as a pond, for taking the fish.
Sewage	The contents of a sewer or drain; refuse liquids or matter carried off by sewers
Sewage	Sewerage, 2.
Sewe	To perform the duties of a sewer. See 3d Sewer.
Sewel	A scarecrow, generally made of feathers tied to a string, hung up to prevent deer from breaking into a place.
Sewellel	A peculiar gregarious burrowing rodent (Haplodon rufus), native of the coast region of the Northwestern United States. It somewhat resembles a muskrat or marmot, but has only a rudimentary tail. Its head is broad, its eyes are small and its fur is brownish above, gray beneath. It constitutes the family Haplodontidae.  Called also boomer, showt'l, and mountain beaver.
Sewen	A British trout usually regarded as a variety (var. Cambricus) of the salmon trout.
Sewer	One who sews, or stitches.
Sewer	A small tortricid moth whose larva sews together the edges of a leaf by means of silk; as, the apple-leaf sewer (Phoxopteris nubeculana)
Sewer	A drain or passage to carry off water and filth under ground; a subterraneous channel, particularly in cities.
Sewer	Formerly, an upper servant, or household officer, who set on and removed the dishes at a feast, and who also brought water for the hands of the guests.
Sewerage	The construction of a sewer or sewers.
Sewerage	The system of sewers in a city, town, etc.; the general drainage of a city or town by means of sewers.
Sewerage	The material collected in, and discharged by, sewers.
Sewin	Same as Sewen.
Sewing	The act or occupation of one who sews.
Sewing	That which is sewed with the needle.
Sewster	A seamstress.
Sex-	A combining form meaning six; as, sexdigitism; sexennial.
Sex	The distinguishing peculiarity of male or female in both animals and plants; the physical difference between male and female; the assemblage of properties or qualities by which male is distinguished from female.
Sex	One of the two divisions of organic beings formed on the distinction of male and female.
Sex	The capability in plants of fertilizing or of being fertilized; as, staminate and pistillate flowers are of opposite sexes.
Sex	One of the groups founded on this distinction.
Sexagenarian	A person who is sixty years old.
Sexagenary	Pertaining to, or designating, the number sixty; poceeding by sixties; sixty years old.
Sexagenary	Something composed of sixty parts or divisions.
Sexagenary	A sexagenarian.
Sexagesima	The second Sunday before Lent; -- so called as being about the sixtieth day before Easter.
Sexagesimal	Pertaining to, or founded on, the number sixty.
Sexagesimal	A sexagesimal fraction.
Sexangle	A hexagon.
Sexangled	Alt. of Sexangular
Sexangular	Having six angles; hexagonal.
Sexangularly	Hexagonally.
Sexavalent	See Sexivalent.
Sexdigitism	The state of having six fingers on a hand, or six toes on a foot.
Sexdigitist	One who has six fingers on a hand, or six toes on a foot.
Sexed	Belonging to sex; having sex; distinctively male of female; as, the sexed condition.
Sexenary	Proceeding by sixes; sextuple; -- applied especially to a system of arithmetical computation in which the base is six.
Sexennial	Lasting six years, or happening once in six years.
Sexennial	A sexennial event.
Sexennially	Once in six years.
Sexfid	Alt. of Sexifid
Sexifid	Six-cleft; as, a sexfid calyx or nectary.
Sexisyllabic	Having six syllables.
Sexisyllable	A word of six syllables.
Sexivalent	Hexavalent.
Sexless	Having no sex.
Sexlocular	Having six cells for seeds; six-celled; as, a sexlocular pericarp.
Sexly	Pertaining to sex.
Sexradiate	Having six rays; -- said of certain sponge spicules. See Illust. of Spicule.
Sext	The office for the sixth canonical hour, being a part of the Breviary.
Sext	The sixth book of the decretals, added by Pope Boniface VIII.
Sextain	A stanza of six lines; a sestine.
Sextans	A Roman coin, the sixth part of an as.
Sextans	A constellation on the equator south of Leo; the Sextant.
Sextant	The sixth part of a circle.
Sextant	An instrument for measuring angular distances between objects, -- used esp. at sea, for ascertaining the latitude and longitude. It is constructed on the same optical principle as Hadley's quadrant, but usually of metal, with a nicer graduation, telescopic sight, and its arc the sixth, and sometimes the third, part of a circle. See Quadrant.
Sextant	The constellation Sextans.
Sextaries	of Sextary
Sextary	An ancient Roman liquid and dry measure, about equal to an English pint.
Sextary	A sacristy.
Sextet	Alt. of Sextetto
Sextetto	See Sestet.
Sexteyn	A sacristan.
Sextic	Of the sixth degree or order.
Sextic	A quantic of the sixth degree.
Sextile	Measured by sixty degrees; fixed or indicated by a distance of sixty degrees.
Sextile	The aspect or position of two planets when distant from each other sixty degrees, or two signs. This position is marked thus: /.
Sextillion	According to the method of numeration (which is followed also in the United States), the number expressed by a unit with twenty-one ciphers annexed. According to the English method, a million raised to the sixth power, or the number expressed by a unit with thirty-six ciphers annexed. See Numeration.
Sextos	of Sexto
Sexto	A book consisting of sheets each of which is folded into six leaves.
Sextodecimo	Having sixteen leaves to a sheet; of, or equal to, the size of one fold of a sheet of printing paper when folded so as to make sixteen leaves, or thirty-two pages; as, a sextodecimo volume.
Sextodecimos	of Sextodecimo
Sextodecimo	A book composed of sheets each of which is folded into sixteen leaves; hence, indicating, more or less definitely, a size of a book; -- usually written 16mo, or 16.
Sextolet	A double triplet; a group of six equal notes played in the time of four.
Sexton	An under officer of a church, whose business is to take care of the church building and the vessels, vestments, etc., belonging to the church, to attend on the officiating clergyman, and to perform other duties pertaining to the church, such as to dig graves, ring the bell, etc.
Sextoness	A female sexton; a sexton's wife.
Sextonry	Sextonship.
Sextonship	The office of a sexton.
Sextry	See Sacristy.
Sextuple	Six times as much; sixfold.
Sextuple	Divisible by six; having six beats; as, sixtuple measure.
Sexual	Of or pertaining to sex, or the sexes; distinguishing sex; peculiar to the distinction and office of male or female; relating to the distinctive genital organs of the sexes; proceeding from, or based upon, sex; as, sexual characteristics; sexual intercourse, connection, or commerce; sexual desire; sexual diseases; sexual generation.
Sexualist	One who classifies plants by the sexual method of Linnaeus.
Sexuality	The quality or state of being distinguished by sex.
Sexualize	To attribute sex to.
Sexually	In a sexual manner or relation.
Sey	Alt. of Seyh
Seyh	imp. sing. & 2d pers. pl. of See.
Seye	Alt. of Seyen
Seyen	imp. pl. & p. p. of See.
Seynd	p. p. of Senge, to singe.
Seynt	A gridle. See 1st Seint.
Sforzando	Alt. of Sforzato
Sforzato	Forcing or forced; -- a direction placed over a note, to signify that it must be executed with peculiar emphasis and force; -- marked fz (an abbreviation of forzando), sf, sfz, or /.
Sfumato	Having vague outlines, and colors and shades so mingled as to give a misty appearance; -- said of a painting.
Sgraffito	Scratched; -- said of decorative painting of a certain style, in which a white overland surface is cut or scratched through, so as to form the design from a dark ground underneath.
Shab	The itch in animals; also, a scab.
Shabbed	of Shab
Shabbing	of Shab
Shab	To play mean tricks; to act shabbily.
Shab	To scratch; to rub.
Shabbed	Shabby.
Shabbily	In a shabby manner.
Shabbiness	The quality or state of being sghabby.
Shabble	Alt. of Shabble
Shabble	A kind of crooked sword or hanger.
Shabby	Torn or worn to rage; poor; mean; ragged.
Shabby	Clothed with ragged, much worn, or soiled garments.
Shabby	Mean; paltry; despicable; as, shabby treatment.
Shabrack	The saddlecloth or housing of a cavalry horse.
Shack	To shed or fall, as corn or grain at harvest.
Shack	To feed in stubble, or upon waste corn.
Shack	To wander as a vagabond or a tramp.
Shack	The grain left after harvest or gleaning; also, nuts which have fallen to the ground.
Shack	Liberty of winter pasturage.
Shack	A shiftless fellow; a low, itinerant beggar; a vagabond; a tramp.
Shackatory	A hound.
Shackle	Stubble.
Shackle	Something which confines the legs or arms so as to prevent their free motion; specifically, a ring or band inclosing the ankle or wrist, and fastened to a similar shackle on the other leg or arm, or to something else, by a chain or a strap; a gyve; a fetter.
Shackle	Hence, that which checks or prevents free action.
Shackle	A fetterlike band worn as an ornament.
Shackle	A link or loop, as in a chain, fitted with a movable bolt, so that the parts can be separated, or the loop removed; a clevis.
Shackle	A link for connecting railroad cars; -- called also drawlink, draglink, etc.
Shackle	The hinged and curved bar of a padlock, by which it is hung to the staple.
Shackled	of Shackle
Shackling	of Shackle
Shackle	To tie or confine the limbs of, so as to prevent free motion; to bind with shackles; to fetter; to chain.
Shackle	Figuratively: To bind or confine so as to prevent or embarrass action; to impede; to cumber.
Shackle	To join by a link or chain, as railroad cars.
Shacklock	A sort of shackle.
Shackly	Shaky; rickety.
Shad	Any one of several species of food fishes of the Herring family. The American species (Clupea sapidissima), which is abundant on the Atlantic coast and ascends the larger rivers in spring to spawn, is an important market fish. The European allice shad, or alose (C. alosa), and the twaite shad. (C. finta), are less important species.
Shadbird	The American, or Wilson's, snipe. See under Snipe. So called because it appears at the same time as the shad.
Shadbird	The common European sandpiper.
Shadd	Rounded stones containing tin ore, lying at the surface of the ground, and indicating a vein.
Shadde	obs. imp. of Shed.
Shaddock	A tree (Citrus decumana) and its fruit, which is a large species of orange; -- called also forbidden fruit, and pompelmous.
Shade	Comparative obscurity owing to interception or interruption of the rays of light; partial darkness caused by the intervention of something between the space contemplated and the source of light.
Shade	Darkness; obscurity; -- often in the plural.
Shade	An obscure place; a spot not exposed to light; hence, a secluded retreat.
Shade	That which intercepts, or shelters from, light or the direct rays of the sun; hence, also, that which protects from heat or currents of air; a screen; protection; shelter; cover; as, a lamp shade.
Shade	Shadow.
Shade	The soul after its separation from the body; -- so called because the ancients it to be perceptible to the sight, though not to the touch; a spirit; a ghost; as, the shades of departed heroes.
Shade	The darker portion of a picture; a less illuminated part. See Def. 1, above.
Shade	Degree or variation of color, as darker or lighter, stronger or paler; as, a delicate shade of pink.
Shade	A minute difference or variation, as of thought, belief, expression, etc.; also, the quality or degree of anything which is distinguished from others similar by slight differences; as, the shades of meaning in synonyms.
Shaded	of Shade
Shading	of Shade
Shade	To shelter or screen by intercepting the rays of light; to keep off illumination from.
Shade	To shelter; to cover from injury; to protect; to screen; to hide; as, to shade one's eyes.
Shade	To obscure; to dim the brightness of.
Shade	To pain in obscure colors; to darken.
Shade	To mark with gradations of light or color.
Shade	To present a shadow or image of; to shadow forth; to represent.
Shadeful	Full of shade; shady.
Shadeless	Being without shade; not shaded.
Shader	One who, or that which, shades.
Shadily	In a shady manner.
Shadiness	Quality or state of being shady.
Shading	Act or process of making a shade.
Shading	That filling up which represents the effect of more or less darkness, expressing rotundity, projection, etc., in a picture or a drawing.
Shadoof	A machine, resembling a well sweep, used in Egypt for raising water from the Nile for irrigation.
Shadow	Shade within defined limits; obscurity or deprivation of light, apparent on a surface, and representing the form of the body which intercepts the rays of light; as, the shadow of a man, of a tree, or of a tower. See the Note under Shade, n., 1.
Shadow	Darkness; shade; obscurity.
Shadow	A shaded place; shelter; protection; security.
Shadow	A reflected image, as in a mirror or in water.
Shadow	That which follows or attends a person or thing like a shadow; an inseparable companion; hence, an obsequious follower.
Shadow	A spirit; a ghost; a shade; a phantom.
Shadow	An imperfect and faint representation; adumbration; indistinct image; dim bodying forth; hence, mystical representation; type.
Shadow	A small degree; a shade.
Shadow	An uninvited guest coming with one who is invited.
Shadowed	of Shadow
Shadowing	of Shadow
Shadow	To cut off light from; to put in shade; to shade; to throw a shadow upon; to overspead with obscurity.
Shadow	To conceal; to hide; to screen.
Shadow	To protect; to shelter from danger; to shroud.
Shadow	To mark with gradations of light or color; to shade.
Shadow	To represent faintly or imperfectly; to adumbrate; hence, to represent typically.
Shadow	To cloud; to darken; to cast a gloom over.
Shadow	To attend as closely as a shadow; to follow and watch closely, especially in a secret or unobserved manner; as, a detective shadows a criminal.
Shadowiness	The quality or state of being shadowy.
Shadowing	Shade, or gradation of light and color; shading.
Shadowing	A faint representation; an adumbration.
Shadowish	Shadowy; vague.
Shadowless	Having no shadow.
Shadowy	Full of shade or shadows; causing shade or shadow.
Shadowy	Hence, dark; obscure; gloomy; dim.
Shadowy	Not brightly luminous; faintly light.
Shadowy	Faintly representative; hence, typical.
Shadowy	Unsubstantial; unreal; as, shadowy honor.
Shadrach	A mass of iron on which the operation of smelting has failed of its intended effect; -- so called from Shadrach, one of the three Hebrews who came forth unharmed from the fiery furnace of Nebuchadnezzar. (See Dan. iii. 26, 27.)
Shad-spirit	See Shadbird (a)
Shad-waiter	A lake whitefish; the roundfish. See Roundfish.
Shady	Abounding in shade or shades; overspread with shade; causing shade.
Shady	Sheltered from the glare of light or sultry heat.
Shady	Of or pertaining to shade or darkness; hence, unfit to be seen or known; equivocal; dubious or corrupt.
Shaffle	To hobble or limp; to shuffle.
Shaffler	A hobbler; one who limps; a shuffer.
Shafiite	A member of one of the four sects of the Sunnites, or Orthodox Mohammedans; -- so called from its founder, Mohammed al-Shafei.
Shaft	The slender, smooth stem of an arrow; hence, an arrow.
Shaft	The long handle of a spear or similar weapon; hence, the weapon itself; (Fig.) anything regarded as a shaft to be thrown or darted; as, shafts of light.
Shaft	That which resembles in some degree the stem or handle of an arrow or a spear; a long, slender part, especially when cylindrical.
Shaft	The trunk, stem, or stalk of a plant.
Shaft	The stem or midrib of a feather.
Shaft	The pole, or tongue, of a vehicle; also, a thill.
Shaft	The part of a candlestick which supports its branches.
Shaft	The handle or helve of certain tools, instruments, etc., as a hammer, a whip, etc.
Shaft	A pole, especially a Maypole.
Shaft	The body of a column; the cylindrical pillar between the capital and base (see Illust. of Column). Also, the part of a chimney above the roof. Also, the spire of a steeple.
Shaft	A column, an obelisk, or other spire-shaped or columnar monument.
Shaft	A rod at the end of a heddle.
Shaft	A solid or hollow cylinder or bar, having one or more journals on which it rests and revolves, and intended to carry one or more wheels or other revolving parts and to transmit power or motion; as, the shaft of a steam engine.
Shaft	A humming bird (Thaumastura cora) having two of the tail feathers next to the middle ones very long in the male; -- called also cora humming bird.
Shaft	A well-like excavation in the earth, perpendicular or nearly so, made for reaching and raising ore, for raising water, etc.
Shaft	A long passage for the admission or outlet of air; an air shaft.
Shaft	The chamber of a blast furnace.
Shafted	Furnished with a shaft, or with shafts; as, a shafted arch.
Shafted	Having a shaft; -- applied to a spear when the head and the shaft are of different tinctures.
Shafting	Shafts, collectivelly; a system of connected shafts for communicating motion.
Shaftman	Alt. of Shaftment
Shaftment	A measure of about six inches.
Shag	Coarse hair or nap; rough, woolly hair.
Shag	A kind of cloth having a long, coarse nap.
Shag	A kind of prepared tobacco cut fine.
Shag	Any species of cormorant.
Shag	Hairy; shaggy.
Shagged	of Shag
Shagging	of Shag
Shag	To make hairy or shaggy; hence, to make rough.
Shagbark	A rough-barked species of hickory (Carya alba), its nut. Called also shellbark. See Hickory.
Shagbark	The West Indian Pithecolobium micradenium, a legiminous tree with a red coiled-up pod.
Shagebush	A sackbut.
Shagged	Shaggy; rough.
Shagginess	The quality or state of being shaggy; roughness; shaggedness.
Shaggy	Rough with long hair or wool.
Shaggy	Rough; rugged; jaggy.
Shag-haired	Having shaggy hair.
Shag-rag	The unkempt and ragged part of the community.
Shagreen	To chagrin.
Shagreen	A kind of untanned leather prepared in Russia and the East, from the skins of horses, asses, and camels, and grained so as to be covered with small round granulations. This characteristic surface is produced by pressing small seeds into the grain or hair side when moist, and afterward, when dry, scraping off the roughness left between them, and then, by soaking, causing the portions of the skin which had been compressed or indented by the seeds to swell up into relief. It is used for covering small cases and boxes.
Shagreen	The skin of various small sharks and other fishes when having small, rough, bony scales. The dogfishes of the genus Scyllium furnish a large part of that used in the arts.
Shagreen	Alt. of Shagreened
Shagreened	Made or covered with the leather called shagreen.
Shagreened	Covered with rough scales or points like those on shagreen.
Shah	The title of the supreme ruler in certain Eastern countries, especially Persia.
Shahin	A large and swift Asiatic falcon (Falco pregrinator) highly valued in falconry.
Shaik	See Sheik.
Shail	To walk sidewise.
Shake	obs. p. p. of Shake.
Shook	of Shake
Shaken	of Shake
Shook	of Shake
Shaking	of Shake
Shake	To cause to move with quick or violent vibrations; to move rapidly one way and the other; to make to tremble or shiver; to agitate.
Shake	Fig.: To move from firmness; to weaken the stability of; to cause to waver; to impair the resolution of.
Shake	To give a tremulous tone to; to trill; as, to shake a note in music.
Shake	To move or remove by agitating; to throw off by a jolting or vibrating motion; to rid one's self of; -- generally with an adverb, as off, out, etc.; as, to shake fruit down from a tree.
Shake	To be agitated with a waving or vibratory motion; to tremble; to shiver; to quake; to totter.
Shake	The act or result of shaking; a vacillating or wavering motion; a rapid motion one way and other; a trembling, quaking, or shivering; agitation.
Shake	A fissure or crack in timber, caused by its being dried too suddenly.
Shake	A fissure in rock or earth.
Shake	A rapid alternation of a principal tone with another represented on the next degree of the staff above or below it; a trill.
Shake	One of the staves of a hogshead or barrel taken apart.
Shake	A shook of staves and headings.
Shake	The redshank; -- so called from the nodding of its head while on the ground.
Shakedown	A temporary substitute for a bed, as one made on the floor or on chairs; -- perhaps originally from the shaking down of straw for this purpose.
Shakefork	A fork for shaking hay; a pitchfork.
Shaken	Caused to shake; agitated; as, a shaken bough.
Shaken	Cracked or checked; split. See Shake, n., 2.
Shaken	Impaired, as by a shock.
Shaker	A person or thing that shakes, or by means of which something is shaken.
Shaker	One of a religious sect who do not marry, popularly so called from the movements of the members in dancing, which forms a part of their worship.
Shaker	A variety of pigeon.
Shakeress	A female Shaker.
Shakerism	Doctrines of the Shakers.
Shakespearean	Of, pertaining to, or in the style of, Shakespeare or his works.
Shakiness	Quality of being shaky.
Shakings	Deck sweepings, refuse of cordage, canvas, etc.
Shako	A kind of military cap or headdress.
Shaky	Shaking or trembling; as, a shaky spot in a marsh; a shaky hand.
Shaky	Full of shakes or cracks; cracked; as, shaky timber.
Shaky	Easily shaken; tottering; unsound; as, a shaky constitution; shaky business credit.
Shale	A shell or husk; a cod or pod.
Shale	A fine-grained sedimentary rock of a thin, laminated, and often friable, structure.
Shale	To take off the shell or coat of; to shell.
Should	of Shall
Shall	To owe; to be under obligation for.
Shall	To be obliged; must.
Shall	As an auxiliary, shall indicates a duty or necessity whose obligation is derived from the person speaking; as, you shall go; he shall go; that is, I order or promise your going. It thus ordinarily expresses, in the second and third persons, a command, a threat, or a promise. If the auxillary be emphasized, the command is made more imperative, the promise or that more positive and sure. It is also employed in the language of prophecy; as, "the day shall come when . . . , " since a promise or threat and an authoritative prophecy nearly coincide in significance. In shall with the first person, the necessity of the action is sometimes implied as residing elsewhere than in the speaker; as, I shall suffer; we shall see; and there is always a less distinct and positive assertion of his volition than is indicated by will. "I shall go" implies nearly a simple futurity; more exactly, a foretelling or an expectation of my going, in which, naturally enough, a certain degree of plan or intention may be included; emphasize the shall, and the event is described as certain to occur, and the expression approximates in meaning to our emphatic "I will go." In a question, the relation of speaker and source of obligation is of course transferred to the person addressed; as, "Shall you go?" (answer, "I shall go"); "Shall he go?" i. e., "Do you require or promise his going?" (answer, "He shall go".) The same relation is transferred to either second or third person in such phrases as "You say, or think, you shall go;" "He says, or thinks, he shall go."  After a conditional conjunction (as if, whether) shall is used in all persons to express futurity simply; as, if I, you, or he shall say they are right.  Should is everywhere used in the same connection and the same senses as shall, as its imperfect. It also expresses duty or moral obligation; as, he should do it whether he will or not. In the early English, and hence in our English Bible, shall is the auxiliary mainly used, in all the persons, to express simple futurity. (Cf. Will, v. t.) Shall may be used elliptically; thus, with an adverb or other word expressive of motion go may be omitted.
Shalli	See Challis.
Shallon	An evergreen shrub (Gaultheria Shallon) of Northwest America; also, its fruit. See Salal-berry.
Shalloon	A thin, loosely woven, twilled worsted stuff.
Shallop	A boat.
Shallot	A small kind of onion (Allium Ascalonicum) growing in clusters, and ready for gathering in spring; a scallion, or eschalot.
Shallow	Not deep; having little depth; shoal.
Shallow	Not deep in tone.
Shallow	Not intellectually deep; not profound; not penetrating deeply; simple; not wise or knowing; ignorant; superficial; as, a shallow mind; shallow learning.
Shallow	A place in a body of water where the water is not deep; a shoal; a flat; a shelf.
Shallow	The rudd.
Shallow	To make shallow.
Shallow	To become shallow, as water.
Shallow-bodied	Having a moderate depth of hold; -- said of a vessel.
Shallow-brained	Weak in intellect; foolish; empty-headed.
Shallow-hearted	Incapable of deep feeling.
Shallowly	In a shallow manner.
Shallowness	Quality or state of being shallow.
Shallow-pated	Shallow-brained.
Shallow-waisted	Having a flush deck, or with only a moderate depression amidships; -- said of a vessel.
Shalm	See Shawm.
Shalt	2d per. sing. of Shall.
Shaly	Resembling shale in structure.
Sham	That which deceives expectation; any trick, fraud, or device that deludes and disappoint; a make-believe; delusion; imposture, humbug.
Sham	A false front, or removable ornamental covering.
Sham	False; counterfeit; pretended; feigned; unreal; as, a sham fight.
Shammed	of Sham
Shamming	of Sham
Sham	To trick; to cheat; to deceive or delude with false pretenses.
Sham	To obtrude by fraud or imposition.
Sham	To assume the manner and character of; to imitate; to ape; to feign.
Sham	To make false pretenses; to deceive; to feign; to impose.
Shama	A saxicoline singing bird (Kittacincla macroura) of India, noted for the sweetness and power of its song. In confinement it imitates the notes of other birds and various animals with accuracy. Its head, neck, back, breast, and tail are glossy black, the rump white, the under parts chestnut.
Shaman	A priest of Shamanism; a wizard among the Shamanists.
Shamanic	Of or pertaining to Shamanism.
Shamanism	The type of religion which once prevalied among all the Ural-Altaic peoples (Tungusic, Mongol, and Turkish), and which still survives in various parts of Northern Asia. The Shaman, or wizard priest, deals with good as well as with evil spirits, especially the good spirits of ancestors.
Shamanist	An adherent of Shamanism.
Shamble	One of a succession of niches or platforms, one above another, to hold ore which is thrown successively from platform to platform, and thus raised to a higher level.
Shamble	A place where butcher's meat is sold.
Shamble	A place for slaughtering animals for meat.
Shambled	of Shamble
Shambling	of Shamble
Shamble	To walk awkwardly and unsteadily, as if the knees were weak; to shuffle along.
Shambling	Characterized by an awkward, irregular pace; as, a shambling trot; shambling legs.
Shambling	An awkward, irregular gait.
Shame	A painful sensation excited by a consciousness of guilt or impropriety, or of having done something which injures reputation, or of the exposure of that which nature or modesty prompts us to conceal.
Shame	Reproach incurred or suffered; dishonor; ignominy; derision; contempt.
Shame	The cause or reason of shame; that which brings reproach, and degrades a person in the estimation of others; disgrace.
Shame	The parts which modesty requires to be covered; the private parts.
Shamed	of Shame
Shaming	of Shame
Shame	To make ashamed; to excite in (a person) a comsciousness of guilt or impropriety, or of conduct derogatory to reputation; to put to shame.
Shame	To cover with reproach or ignominy; to dishonor; to disgrace.
Shame	To mock at; to deride.
Shame	To be ashamed; to feel shame.
Shamefaced	Easily confused or put out of countenance; diffident; bashful; modest.
Shamefast	Modest; shamefaced.
Shameful	Bringing shame or disgrace; injurious to reputation; disgraceful.
Shameful	Exciting the feeling of shame in others; indecent; as, a shameful picture; a shameful sight.
Shameless	Destitute of shame; wanting modesty; brazen-faced; insensible to disgrace.
Shameless	Indicating want of modesty, or sensibility to disgrace; indecent; as, a shameless picture or poem.
Shame-proof	Shameless.
Shamer	One who, or that which, disgraces, or makes ashamed.
Shammer	One who shams; an impostor.
Shammy	The chamois.
Shammy	A soft, pliant leather, prepared originally from the skin of the chamois, but now made also from the skin of the sheep, goat, kid, deer, and calf. See Shamoying.
Shamois	Alt. of Shamoy
Shamoy	See Shammy.
Shamoying	A process used in preparing certain kinds of leather, which consists in frizzing the skin, and working oil into it to supply the place of the astringent (tannin, alum, or the like) ordinarily used in tanning.
Shampooed	of Shampoo
Shampooing	of Shampoo
Shampoo	To press or knead the whole surface of the body of (a person), and at the same time to stretch the limbs and joints, in connection with the hot bath.
Shampoo	To wash throughly and rub the head of (a person), with the fingers, using either soap, or a soapy preparation, for the more thorough cleansing.
Shampoo	The act of shampooing.
Shampooer	One who shampoos.
Shamrock	A trifoliate plant used as a national emblem by the Irish. The legend is that St. Patrick once plucked a leaf of it for use in illustrating the doctrine of the trinity.
Shandrydan	A jocosely depreciative name for a vehicle.
Shandygaff	A mixture of strong beer and ginger beer.
Shanghaied	of Shanghai
Shanghaiing	of Shanghai
Shanghai	To intoxicate and ship (a person) as a sailor while in this condition.
Shanghai	A large and tall breed of domestic fowl.
Shank	See Chank.
Shank	The part of the leg from the knee to the foot; the shin; the shin bone; also, the whole leg.
Shank	Hence, that part of an instrument, tool, or other thing, which connects the acting part with a handle or other part, by which it is held or moved.
Shank	That part of a key which is between the bow and the part which enters the wards of the lock.
Shank	The middle part of an anchor, or that part which is between the ring and the arms.
Shank	That part of a hoe, rake, knife, or the like, by which it is secured to a handle.
Shank	A loop forming an eye to a button.
Shank	The space between two channels of the Doric triglyph.
Shank	A large ladle for molten metal, fitted with long bars for handling it.
Shank	The body of a type.
Shank	The part of the sole beneath the instep connecting the broader front part with the heel.
Shank	A wading bird with long legs; as, the green-legged shank, or knot; the yellow shank, or tattler; -- called also shanks.
Shank	Flat-nosed pliers, used by opticians for nipping off the edges of pieces of glass to make them round.
Shank	To fall off, as a leaf, flower, or capsule, on account of disease affecting the supporting footstalk; -- usually followed by off.
Shankbeer	See Schenkbeer.
Shanked	Having a shank.
Shanker	See Chancre.
Shannies	of Shanny
Shanny	The European smooth blenny (Blennius pholis). It is olive-green with irregular black spots, and without appendages on the head.
Shan't	A contraction of shall not.
Shanty	Jaunty; showy.
Shanties	of Shanty
Shanty	A small, mean dwelling; a rough, slight building for temporary use; a hut.
Shanty	To inhabit a shanty.
Shapable	That may be shaped.
Shapable	Shapely.
Shaped	of Shape
Shaped	of Shape
Shapen	of Shape
Shaping	of Shape
Shape	To form or create; especially, to mold or make into a particular form; to give proper form or figure to.
Shape	To adapt to a purpose; to regulate; to adjust; to direct; as, to shape the course of a vessel.
Shape	To image; to conceive; to body forth.
Shape	To design; to prepare; to plan; to arrange.
Shape	To suit; to be adjusted or conformable.
Shape	Character or construction of a thing as determining its external appearance; outward aspect; make; figure; form; guise; as, the shape of a tree; the shape of the head; an elegant shape.
Shape	That which has form or figure; a figure; an appearance; a being.
Shape	A model; a pattern; a mold.
Shape	Form of embodiment, as in words; form, as of thought or conception; concrete embodiment or example, as of some quality.
Shape	Dress for disguise; guise.
Shape	A rolled or hammered piece, as a bar, beam, angle iron, etc., having a cross section different from merchant bar.
Shape	A piece which has been roughly forged nearly to the form it will receive when completely forged or fitted.
Shapeless	Destitute of shape or regular form; wanting symmetry of dimensions; misshapen; -- opposed to shapely.
Shapeliness	The quality or state of being shapely.
Shapely	Well-formed; having a regular shape; comely; symmetrical.
Shapely	Fit; suitable.
Shaper	One who shapes; as, the shaper of one's fortunes.
Shaper	That which shapes; a machine for giving a particular form or outline to an object.
Shaper	A kind of planer in which the tool, instead of the work, receives a reciprocating motion, usually from a crank.
Shaper	A machine with a vertically revolving cutter projecting above a flat table top, for cutting irregular outlines, moldings, etc.
Shapoo	The oorial.
Shard	A plant; chard.
Shard	A piece or fragment of an earthen vessel, or a like brittle substance, as the shell of an egg or snail.
Shard	The hard wing case of a beetle.
Shard	A gap in a fence.
Shard	A boundary; a division.
Shard-borne	Borne on shards or scaly wing cases.
Sharded	Having elytra, as a beetle.
Shardy	Having, or consisting of, shards.
Share	The part (usually an iron or steel plate) of a plow which cuts the ground at the bottom of a furrow; a plowshare.
Share	The part which opens the ground for the reception of the seed, in a machine for sowing seed.
Share	A certain quantity; a portion; a part; a division; as, a small share of prudence.
Share	Especially, the part allotted or belonging to one, of any property or interest owned by a number; a portion among others; an apportioned lot; an allotment; a dividend.
Share	Hence, one of a certain number of equal portions into which any property or invested capital is divided; as, a ship owned in ten shares.
Share	The pubes; the sharebone.
Shared	of Share
Sharing	of Share
Share	To part among two or more; to distribute in portions; to divide.
Share	To partake of, use, or experience, with others; to have a portion of; to take and possess in common; as, to share a shelter with another.
Share	To cut; to shear; to cleave; to divide.
Share	To have part; to receive a portion; to partake, enjoy, or suffer with others.
Sharebeam	The part of the plow to which the share is attached.
Sharebone	The public bone.
Sharebroker	A broker who deals in railway or other shares and securities.
Shareholder	One who holds or owns a share or shares in a joint fund or property.
Sharer	One who shares; a participator; a partaker; also, a divider; a distributer.
Sharewort	A composite plant (Aster Tripolium) growing along the seacoast of Europe.
Shark	Any one of numerous species of elasmobranch fishes of the order Plagiostomi, found in all seas.
Shark	A rapacious, artful person; a sharper.
Shark	Trickery; fraud; petty rapine; as, to live upon the shark.
Shark	To pick or gather indiscriminately or covertly.
Sharked	of Shark
Sharking	of Shark
Shark	To play the petty thief; to practice fraud or trickery; to swindle.
Shark	To live by shifts and stratagems.
Sharker	One who lives by sharking.
Sharking	Petty rapine; trick; also, seeking a livelihood by shifts and dishonest devices.
Sharock	An East Indian coin of the value of 12/ pence sterling, or about 25 cents.
Sharp	Having a very thin edge or fine point; of a nature to cut or pierce easily; not blunt or dull; keen.
Sharp	Terminating in a point or edge; not obtuse or rounded; somewhat pointed or edged; peaked or ridged; as, a sharp hill; sharp features.
Sharp	Affecting the sense as if pointed or cutting, keen, penetrating, acute: to the taste or smell, pungent, acid, sour, as ammonia has a sharp taste and odor; to the hearing, piercing, shrill, as a sharp sound or voice; to the eye, instantaneously brilliant, dazzling, as a sharp flash.
Sharp	High in pitch; acute; as, a sharp note or tone.
Sharp	Raised a semitone in pitch; as, C sharp (C/), which is a half step, or semitone, higher than C.
Sharp	So high as to be out of tune, or above true pitch; as, the tone is sharp; that instrument is sharp. Opposed in all these senses to flat.
Sharp	Very trying to the feelings; piercing; keen; severe; painful; distressing; as, sharp pain, weather; a sharp and frosty air.
Sharp	Cutting in language or import; biting; sarcastic; cruel; harsh; rigorous; severe; as, a sharp rebuke.
Sharp	Of keen perception; quick to discern or distinguish; having nice discrimination; acute; penetrating; sagacious; clever; as, a sharp eye; sharp sight, hearing, or judgment.
Sharp	Eager in pursuit; keen in quest; impatient for gratification; keen; as, a sharp appetite.
Sharp	Fierce; ardent; fiery; violent; impetuous.
Sharp	Keenly or unduly attentive to one's own interest; close and exact in dealing; shrewd; as, a sharp dealer; a sharp customer.
Sharp	Composed of hard, angular grains; gritty; as, sharp sand.
Sharp	Steep; precipitous; abrupt; as, a sharp ascent or descent; a sharp turn or curve.
Sharp	Uttered in a whisper, or with the breath alone, without voice, as certain consonants, such as p, k, t, f; surd; nonvocal; aspirated.
Sharp	To a point or edge; piercingly; eagerly; sharply.
Sharp	Precisely; exactly; as, we shall start at ten o'clock sharp.
Sharp	A sharp tool or weapon.
Sharp	The character [/] used to indicate that the note before which it is placed is to be raised a half step, or semitone, in pitch.
Sharp	A sharp tone or note.
Sharp	A portion of a stream where the water runs very rapidly.
Sharp	A sewing needle having a very slender point; a needle of the most pointed of the three grades, blunts, betweens, and sharps.
Sharp	Same as Middlings, 1.
Sharp	An expert.
Sharped	of Sharp
Sharping	of Sharp
Sharp	To sharpen.
Sharp	To raise above the proper pitch; to elevate the tone of; especially, to raise a half step, or semitone, above the natural tone.
Sharp	To play tricks in bargaining; to act the sharper.
Sharp	To sing above the proper pitch.
Sharp-cut	Cut sharply or definitely, or so as to make a clear, well-defined impression, as the lines of an engraved plate, and the like; clear-cut; hence, having great distinctness; well-defined; clear.
Sarpened	of Sharpen
Sharpening	of Sharpen
Sharpen	To make sharp.
Sharpen	To give a keen edge or fine point to; to make sharper; as, to sharpen an ax, or the teeth of a saw.
Sharpen	To render more quick or acute in perception; to make more ready or ingenious.
Sharpen	To make more eager; as, to sharpen men's desires.
Sharpen	To make more pungent and intense; as, to sharpen a pain or disease.
Sharpen	To make biting, sarcastic, or severe.
Sharpen	To render more shrill or piercing.
Sharpen	To make more tart or acid; to make sour; as, the rays of the sun sharpen vinegar.
Sharpen	To raise, as a sound, by means of a sharp; to apply a sharp to.
Sharpen	To grow or become sharp.
Sharper	A person who bargains closely, especially, one who cheats in bargains; a swinder; also, a cheating gamester.
Sharpie	A long, sharp, flat-bottomed boat, with one or two masts carrying a triangular sail. They are often called Fair Haven sharpies, after the place on the coast of Connecticut where they originated.
Sharpling	A stickleback.
Sharply	In a sharp manner,; keenly; acutely.
Sharpness	The quality or condition of being sharp; keenness; acuteness.
Sharpsaw	The great titmouse; -- so called from its harsh call notes.
Sharp-set	Eager in appetite or desire of gratification; affected by keen hunger; ravenous; as, an eagle or a lion sharp-set.
Sharpshooter	One skilled in shooting at an object with exactness; a good marksman.
Sharpshooting	A shooting with great precision and effect; hence, a keen contest of wit or argument.
Sharp-sighted	Having quick or acute sight; -- used literally and figuratively.
Sharptail	The pintail duck.
Sharptail	The pintail grouse, or prairie chicken.
Sharp-witted	Having an acute or nicely discerning mind.
Shash	The scarf of a turban.
Shash	A sash.
Shaster	Alt. of Shastra
Shastra	A treatise for authoritative instruction among the Hindoos; a book of institutes; especially, a treatise explaining the Vedas.
Shathmont	A shaftment.
Shattered	of Shatter
Shattering	of Shatter
Shatter	To break at once into many pieces; to dash, burst, or part violently into fragments; to rend into splinters; as, an explosion shatters a rock or a bomb; too much steam shatters a boiler; an oak is shattered by lightning.
Shatter	To disorder; to derange; to render unsound; as, to be shattered in intellect; his constitution was shattered; his hopes were shattered.
Shatter	To scatter about.
Shatter	To be broken into fragments; to fall or crumble to pieces by any force applied.
Shatter	A fragment of anything shattered; -- used chiefly or soley in the phrase into shatters; as, to break a glass into shatters.
Shatter-brained	Alt. of Shatter-pated
Shatter-pated	Disordered or wandering in intellect; hence, heedless; wild.
Shattery	Easily breaking into pieces; not compact; loose of texture; brittle; as, shattery spar.
Shave	obs. p. p. of Shave.
Shaved	of Shave
Shaved	of Shave
Shaven	of Shave
Shaving	of Shave
Shave	To cut or pare off from the surface of a body with a razor or other edged instrument; to cut off closely, as with a razor; as, to shave the beard.
Shave	To make bare or smooth by cutting off closely the surface, or surface covering, of; especially, to remove the hair from with a razor or other sharp instrument; to take off the beard or hair of; as, to shave the face or the crown of the head; he shaved himself.
Shave	To cut off thin slices from; to cut in thin slices.
Shave	To skim along or near the surface of; to pass close to, or touch lightly, in passing.
Shave	To strip; to plunder; to fleece.
Shave	To use a razor for removing the beard; to cut closely; hence, to be hard and severe in a bargain; to practice extortion; to cheat.
Shave	A thin slice; a shaving.
Shave	A cutting of the beard; the operation of shaving.
Shave	An exorbitant discount on a note.
Shave	A premium paid for an extension of the time of delivery or payment, or for the right to vary a stock contract in any particular.
Shave	A hand tool consisting of a sharp blade with a handle at each end; a drawing knife; a spokeshave.
Shave	The act of passing very near to, so as almost to graze; as, the bullet missed by a close shave.
Shaveling	A man shaved; hence, a monk, or other religious; -- used in contempt.
Shaver	One who shaves; one whose occupation is to shave.
Shaver	One who is close in bargains; a sharper.
Shaver	One who fleeces; a pillager; a plunderer.
Shaver	A boy; a lad; a little fellow.
Shaver	A tool or machine for shaving.
Shaving	The act of one who, or that which, shaves; specifically, the act of cutting off the beard with a razor.
Shaving	That which is shaved off; a thin slice or strip pared off with a shave, a knife, a plane, or other cutting instrument.
Shaw	A thicket; a small wood or grove.
Shaw	The leaves and tops of vegetables, as of potatoes, turnips, etc.
Shawfowl	The representation or image of a fowl made by fowlers to shoot at.
Shawl	A square or oblong cloth of wool, cotton, silk, or other textile or netted fabric, used, especially by women, as a loose covering for the neck and shoulders.
Shawl	To wrap in a shawl.
Shawm	A wind instrument of music, formerly in use, supposed to have resembled either the clarinet or the hautboy in form.
Shawnees	A tribe of North American Indians who occupied Western New York and part of Ohio, but were driven away and widely dispersed by the Iroquois.
Shay	A chaise.
She	This or that female; the woman understood or referred to; the animal of the female sex, or object personified as feminine, which was spoken of.
She	A woman; a female; -- used substantively.
Sheading	A tithing, or division, in the Isle of Man, in which there is a coroner, or chief constable. The island is divided into six sheadings.
Sheaf	A sheave.
Sheaves	of Sheaf
Sheaf	A quantity of the stalks and ears of wheat, rye, or other grain, bound together; a bundle of grain or straw.
Sheaf	Any collection of things bound together; a bundle; specifically, a bundle of arrows sufficient to fill a quiver, or the allowance of each archer, -- usually twenty-four.
Sheaf	To gather and bind into a sheaf; to make into sheaves; as, to sheaf wheat.
Sheaf	To collect and bind cut grain, or the like; to make sheaves.
Sheafy	Pertaining to, or consisting of, a sheaf or sheaves; resembling a sheaf.
Sheal	Same as Sheeling.
Sheal	To put under a sheal or shelter.
Sheal	To take the husks or pods off from; to shell; to empty of its contents, as a husk or a pod.
Sheal	A shell or pod.
Shealing	The outer husk, pod, or shell, as of oats, pease, etc.; sheal; shell.
Shealing	Same as Sheeling.
Sheared	of Shear
Shore	of Shear
Sheared	of Shear
Shorn	of Shear
Shearing	of Shear
Shear	To cut, clip, or sever anything from with shears or a like instrument; as, to shear sheep; to shear cloth.
Shear	To separate or sever with shears or a similar instrument; to cut off; to clip (something) from a surface; as, to shear a fleece.
Shear	To reap, as grain.
Shear	Fig.: To deprive of property; to fleece.
Shear	To produce a change of shape in by a shear. See Shear, n., 4.
Shear	A pair of shears; -- now always used in the plural, but formerly also in the singular. See Shears.
Shear	A shearing; -- used in designating the age of sheep.
Shear	An action, resulting from applied forces, which tends to cause two contiguous parts of a body to slide relatively to each other in a direction parallel to their plane of contact; -- also called shearing stress, and tangential stress.
Shear	A strain, or change of shape, of an elastic body, consisting of an extension in one direction, an equal compression in a perpendicular direction, with an unchanged magnitude in the third direction.
Shear	To deviate. See Sheer.
Shear	To become more or less completely divided, as a body under the action of forces, by the sliding of two contiguous parts relatively to each other in a direction parallel to their plane of contact.
Shearbill	The black skimmer. See Skimmer.
Sheard	See Shard.
Shearer	One who shears.
Shearer	A reaper.
Shearing	The act or operation of clipping with shears or a shearing machine, as the wool from sheep, or the nap from cloth.
Shearing	The product of the act or operation of clipping with shears or a shearing machine; as, the whole shearing of a flock; the shearings from cloth.
Shearing	Same as Shearling.
Shearing	The act or operation of reaping.
Shearing	The act or operation of dividing with shears; as, the shearing of metal plates.
Shearing	The process of preparing shear steel; tilting.
Shearing	The process of making a vertical side cutting in working into a face of coal.
Shearling	A sheep but once sheared.
Shearmen	of Shearman
Shearman	One whose occupation is to shear cloth.
Shearn	Dung; excrement.
Shears	A cutting instrument.
Shears	An instrument consisting of two blades, commonly with bevel edges, connected by a pivot, and working on both sides of the material to be cut, -- used for cutting cloth and other substances.
Shears	A similar instrument the blades of which are extensions of a curved spring, -- used for shearing sheep or skins.
Shears	A shearing machine; a blade, or a set of blades, working against a resisting edge.
Shears	Anything in the form of shears.
Shears	A pair of wings.
Shears	An apparatus for raising heavy weights, and especially for stepping and unstepping the lower masts of ships. It consists of two or more spars or pieces of timber, fastened together near the top, steadied by a guy or guys, and furnished with the necessary tackle.
Shears	The bedpiece of a machine tool, upon which a table or slide rest is secured; as, the shears of a lathe or planer. See Illust. under Lathe.
Sheartail	The common tern.
Sheartail	Any one of several species of humming birds of the genus Thaumastura having a long forked tail.
Shearwater	Any one of numerous species of long-winged oceanic birds of the genus Puffinus and related genera. They are allied to the petrels, but are larger. The Manx shearwater (P. Anglorum), the dusky shearwater (P. obscurus), and the greater shearwater (P. major), are well-known species of the North Atlantic. See Hagdon.
Sheatfish	A European siluroid fish (Silurus glanis) allied to the cat-fishes. It is the largest fresh-water fish of Europe, sometimes becoming six feet or more in length. See Siluroid.
Sheath	A case for the reception of a sword, hunting knife, or other long and slender instrument; a scabbard.
Sheath	Any sheathlike covering, organ, or part.
Sheath	The base of a leaf when sheathing or investing a stem or branch, as in grasses.
Sheath	One of the elytra of an insect.
Sheathbill	Either one of two species of birds composing the genus Chionis, and family Chionidae, native of the islands of the Antarctic seas.
Sheathed	of Sheathe
Sheating	of Sheathe
Sheathe	To put into a sheath, case, or scabbard; to inclose or cover with, or as with, a sheath or case.
Sheathe	To fit or furnish, as with a sheath.
Sheathe	To case or cover with something which protects, as thin boards, sheets of metal, and the like; as, to sheathe a ship with copper.
Sheathe	To obtund or blunt, as acrimonious substances, or sharp particles.
Sheathed	Povided with, or inclosed in, sheath.
Sheathed	Invested by a sheath, or cylindrical membranaceous tube, which is the base of the leaf, as the stalk or culm in grasses; vaginate.
Sheather	One who sheathes.
Sheathfish	Same as Sheatfish.
Sheathing	Inclosing with a sheath; as, the sheathing leaves of grasses; the sheathing stipules of many polygonaceous plants.
Sheathing	That which sheathes.
Sheathing	The casing or covering of a ship's bottom and sides; the materials for such covering; as, copper sheathing.
Sheathing	The first covering of boards on the outside wall of a frame house or on a timber roof; also, the material used for covering; ceiling boards in general.
Sheathless	Without a sheath or case for covering; unsheathed.
Sheath-winged	Having elytra, or wing cases, as a beetle.
Sheathy	Forming or resembling a sheath or case.
Shea tree	An African sapotaceous tree (Bassia, / Butyrospermum, Parkii), from the seeds of which a substance resembling butter is obtained; the African butter tree.
Sheave	A wheel having a groove in the rim for a rope to work in, and set in a block, mast, or the like; the wheel of a pulley.
Sheave	To gather and bind into a sheaf or sheaves; hence, to collect.
Sheaved	Made of straw.
Shebander	A harbor master, or ruler of a port, in the East Indies.
Shebang	A jocosely depreciative name for a dwelling or shop.
Shebeen	A low public house; especially, a place where spirits and other excisable liquors are illegally and privately sold.
Shechinah	See Shekinah.
Shecklaton	A kind of gilt leather. See Checklaton.
Shed	A slight or temporary structure built to shade or shelter something; a structure usually open in front; an outbuilding; a hut; as, a wagon shed; a wood shed.
Shed	of Shed
Shedding	of Shed
Shed	To separate; to divide.
Shed	To part with; to throw off or give forth from one's self; to emit; to diffuse; to cause to emanate or flow; to pour forth or out; to spill; as, the sun sheds light; she shed tears; the clouds shed rain.
Shed	To let fall; to throw off, as a natural covering of hair, feathers, shell; to cast; as, fowls shed their feathers; serpents shed their skins; trees shed leaves.
Shed	To cause to flow off without penetrating; as, a tight roof, or covering of oiled cloth, sheeds water.
Shed	To sprinkle; to intersperse; to cover.
Shed	To divide, as the warp threads, so as to form a shed, or passageway, for the shuttle.
Shed	To fall in drops; to pour.
Shed	To let fall the parts, as seeds or fruit; to throw off a covering or envelope.
Shed	A parting; a separation; a division.
Shed	The act of shedding or spilling; -- used only in composition, as in bloodshed.
Shed	That which parts, divides, or sheds; -- used in composition, as in watershed.
Shed	The passageway between the threads of the warp through which the shuttle is thrown, having a sloping top and bottom made by raising and lowering the alternate threads.
Shedder	One who, or that which, sheds; as, a shedder of blood; a shedder of tears.
Shedder	A crab in the act of casting its shell, or immediately afterwards while still soft; -- applied especially to the edible crabs, which are most prized while in this state.
Shedding	The act of shedding, separating, or casting off or out; as, the shedding of blood.
Shedding	That which is shed, or cast off.
Shelfa	Alt. of Shilfa
Shilfa	The chaffinch; -- so named from its call note.
Sheeling	A hut or small cottage in an expessed or a retired place (as on a mountain or at the seaside) such as is used by shepherds, fishermen, sportsmen, etc.; a summer cottage; also, a shed.
Sheely	Same as Sheelfa.
Sheen	Bright; glittering; radiant; fair; showy; sheeny.
Sheen	To shine; to glisten.
Sheen	Brightness; splendor; glitter.
Sheenly	Brightly.
Sheeny	Bright; shining; radiant; sheen.
Sheep	Any one of several species of ruminants of the genus Ovis, native of the higher mountains of both hemispheres, but most numerous in Asia.
Sheep	A weak, bashful, silly fellow.
Sheep	Fig.: The people of God, as being under the government and protection of Christ, the great Shepherd.
Sheepback	A rounded knoll of rock resembling the back of a sheep. -- produced by glacial action. Called also roche moutonnee; -- usually in the plural.
Sheepberry	The edible fruit of a small North American tree of the genus Viburnum (V. Lentago), having white flowers in flat cymes; also, the tree itself. Called also nannyberry.
Sheepbite	To bite or nibble like a sheep; hence, to practice petty thefts.
Sheepbiter	One who practices petty thefts.
Sheepcot	Alt. of Sheepcote
Sheepcote	A small inclosure for sheep; a pen; a fold.
Sheep-faced	Over-bashful; sheepish.
Sheepfold	A fold or pen for sheep; a place where sheep are collected or confined.
Sheep-headed	Silly; simple-minded; stupid.
Sheephook	A hook fastened to pole, by which shepherds lay hold on the legs or necks of their sheep; a shepherd's crook.
Sheepish	Of or pertaining to sheep.
Sheepish	Like a sheep; bashful; over-modest; meanly or foolishly diffident; timorous to excess.
Sheepmaster	A keeper or feeder of sheep; also, an owner of sheep.
Sheeprack	The starling.
Sheep's-eye	A modest, diffident look; a loving glance; -- commonly in the plural.
Sheep's-foot	A printer's tool consisting of a metal bar formed into a hammer head at one end and a claw at the other, -- used as a lever and hammer.
Sheepshank	A hitch by which a rope may be temporarily shortened.
Sheepshead	A large and valuable sparoid food fish (Archosargus, / Diplodus, probatocephalus) found on the Atlantic coast of the United States. It often weighs from ten to twelve pounds.
Sheep-shearer	One who shears, or cuts off the wool from, sheep.
Sheep-shearing	Act of shearing sheep.
Sheep-shearing	A feast at the time of sheep-shearing.
Sheepskin	The skin of a sheep; or, leather prepared from it.
Sheepskin	A diploma; -- so called because usually written or printed on parchment prepared from the skin of the sheep.
Sheepsplit	A split of a sheepskin; one of the thin sections made by splitting a sheepskin with a cutting knife or machine.
Sheepy	Resembling sheep; sheepish.
Sheer	Bright; clear; pure; unmixed.
Sheer	Very thin or transparent; -- applied to fabrics; as, sheer muslin.
Sheer	Being only what it seems to be; obvious; simple; mere; downright; as, sheer folly; sheer nonsense.
Sheer	Stright up and down; vertical; prpendicular.
Sheer	Clean; quite; at once.
Sheer	To shear.
Sheered	of Sheer
Sheering	of Sheer
Sheer	To decline or deviate from the line of the proper course; to turn aside; to swerve; as, a ship sheers from her course; a horse sheers at a bicycle.
Sheer	The longitudinal upward curvature of the deck, gunwale, and lines of a vessel, as when viewed from the side.
Sheer	The position of a vessel riding at single anchor and swinging clear of it.
Sheer	A turn or change in a course.
Sheer	Shears See Shear.
Sheerly	At once; absolutely.
Sheerwater	The shearwater.
Sheet	In general, a large, broad piece of anything thin, as paper, cloth, etc.; a broad, thin portion of any substance; an expanded superficies.
Sheet	A broad piece of cloth, usually linen or cotton, used for wrapping the body or for a covering; especially, one used as an article of bedding next to the body.
Sheet	A broad piece of paper, whether folded or unfolded, whether blank or written or printed upon; hence, a letter; a newspaper, etc.
Sheet	A single signature of a book or a pamphlet;
Sheet	the book itself.
Sheet	A broad, thinly expanded portion of metal or other substance; as, a sheet of copper, of glass, or the like; a plate; a leaf.
Sheet	A broad expanse of water, or the like.
Sheet	A sail.
Sheet	An extensive bed of an eruptive rock intruded between, or overlying, other strata.
Sheet	A rope or chain which regulates the angle of adjustment of a sail in relation in relation to the wind; -- usually attached to the lower corner of a sail, or to a yard or a boom.
Sheet	The space in the forward or the after part of a boat where there are no rowers; as, fore sheets; stern sheets.
Sheeted	of Sheet
Sheeting	of Sheet
Sheet	To furnish with a sheet or sheets; to wrap in, or cover with, a sheet, or as with a sheet.
Sheet	To expand, as a sheet.
Sheet anchor	A large anchor stowed on shores outside the waist of a vessel; -- called also waist anchor. See the Note under Anchor.
Sheet anchor	Anything regarded as a sure support or dependence in danger; the best hope or refuge.
Sheet cable	The cable belonging to the sheet anchor.
Sheet chain	A chain sheet cable.
Sheetfuls	of Sheetful
Sheetful	Enough to fill a sheet; as much as a sheet can hold.
Sheeting	Cotton or linen cloth suitable for bed sheets. It is sometimes made of double width.
Sheeting	A lining of planks or boards (rarely of metal) for protecting an embankment.
Sheeting	The act or process of forming into sheets, or flat pieces; also, material made into sheets.
Sheik	The head of an Arab family, or of a clan or a tribe; also, the chief magistrate of an Arab village. The name is also applied to Mohammedan ecclesiastics of a high grade.
Sheil	Alt. of Sheiling
Sheiling	See Sheeling.
Shekel	An ancient weight and coin used by the Jews and by other nations of the same stock.
Shekel	A jocose term for money.
Shekinah	The visible majesty of the Divine Presence, especially when resting or dwelling between the cherubim on the mercy seat, in the Tabernacle, or in the Temple of Solomon; -- a term used in the Targums and by the later Jews, and adopted by Christians.
Sheld	Variegated; spotted; speckled; piebald.
Sheldafle	Alt. of Sheldaple
Sheldaple	A chaffinch.
Sheldfowl	The common sheldrake.
Sheldrake	Any one of several species of large Old World ducks of the genus Tadorna and allied genera, especially the European and Asiatic species. (T. cornuta, / tadorna), which somewhat resembles a goose in form and habit, but breeds in burrows.
Sheldrake	Any one of the American mergansers.
Shelduck	The sheldrake.
Shelves	of Shelf
Shelf	A flat tablet or ledge of any material set horizontally at a distance from the floor, to hold objects of use or ornament.
Shelf	A sand bank in the sea, or a rock, or ledge of rocks, rendering the water shallow, and dangerous to ships.
Shelf	A stratum lying in a very even manner; a flat, projecting layer of rock.
Shelf	A piece of timber running the whole length of a vessel inside the timberheads.
Shelfy	Abounding in shelves; full of dangerous shallows.
Shelfy	Full of strata of rock.
Shell	A hard outside covering, as of a fruit or an animal.
Shell	The covering, or outside part, of a nut; as, a hazelnut shell.
Shell	A pod.
Shell	The hard covering of an egg.
Shell	The hard calcareous or chitinous external covering of mollusks, crustaceans, and some other invertebrates. In some mollusks, as the cuttlefishes, it is internal, or concealed by the mantle. Also, the hard covering of some vertebrates, as the armadillo, the tortoise, and the like.
Shell	Hence, by extension, any mollusks having such a covering.
Shell	A hollow projectile, of various shapes, adapted for a mortar or a cannon, and containing an explosive substance, ignited with a fuse or by percussion, by means of which the projectile is burst and its fragments scattered. See Bomb.
Shell	The case which holds the powder, or charge of powder and shot, used with breechloading small arms.
Shell	Any slight hollow structure; a framework, or exterior structure, regarded as not complete or filled in; as, the shell of a house.
Shell	A coarse kind of coffin; also, a thin interior coffin inclosed in a more substantial one.
Shell	An instrument of music, as a lyre, -- the first lyre having been made, it is said, by drawing strings over a tortoise shell.
Shell	An engraved copper roller used in print works.
Shell	The husks of cacao seeds, a decoction of which is often used as a substitute for chocolate, cocoa, etc.
Shell	The outer frame or case of a block within which the sheaves revolve.
Shell	A light boat the frame of which is covered with thin wood or with paper; as, a racing shell.
Shelled	of Shell
Shelling	of Shell
Shell	To strip or break off the shell of; to take out of the shell, pod, etc.; as, to shell nuts or pease; to shell oysters.
Shell	To separate the kernels of (an ear of Indian corn, wheat, oats, etc.) from the cob, ear, or husk.
Shell	To throw shells or bombs upon or into; to bombard; as, to shell a town.
Shell	To fall off, as a shell, crust, etc.
Shell	To cast the shell, or exterior covering; to fall out of the pod or husk; as, nuts shell in falling.
Shell	To be disengaged from the ear or husk; as, wheat or rye shells in reaping.
Shell-lac	Alt. of Shellac
Shellac	See the Note under 2d Lac.
Shellapple	See Sheldafle.
Shellbark	A species of hickory (Carya alba) whose outer bark is loose and peeling; a shagbark; also, its nut.
Shelled	Having a shell.
Sheller	One who, or that which, shells; as, an oyster sheller; a corn sheller.
Shellfish	Any aquatic animal whose external covering consists of a shell, either testaceous, as in oysters, clams, and other mollusks, or crustaceous, as in lobsters and crabs.
Shelling	Groats; hulled oats.
Shell-less	Having no shell.
Shellproof	Capable of resisting bombs or other shells; bombproof.
Shellwork	Work composed of shells, or adorned with them.
Shelly	Abounding with shells; consisting of shells, or of a shell.
Shelter	That which covers or defends from injury or annoyance; a protection; a screen.
Shelter	One who protects; a guardian; a defender.
Shelter	The state of being covered and protected; protection; security.
Sheltered	of Shelter
Sheltering	of Shelter
Shelter	To be a shelter for; to provide with a shelter; to cover from injury or annoyance; to shield; to protect.
Shelter	To screen or cover from notice; to disguise.
Shelter	To betake to cover, or to a safe place; -- used reflexively.
Shelter	To take shelter.
Shelterless	Destitute of shelter or protection.
Sheltery	Affording shelter.
Sheltie	Alt. of Shelty
Shelty	A Shetland pony.
Shelve	To furnish with shelves; as, to shelve a closet or a library.
Shelve	To place on a shelf. Hence: To lay on the shelf; to put aside; to dismiss from service; to put off indefinitely; as, to shelve an officer; to shelve a claim.
Shelved	of Shelve
Shelving	of Shelve
Shelve	To incline gradually; to be slopping; as, the bottom shelves from the shore.
Shelving	Sloping gradually; inclining; as, a shelving shore.
Shelving	The act of fitting up shelves; as, the job of shelving a closet.
Shelving	The act of laying on a shelf, or on the shelf; putting off or aside; as, the shelving of a claim.
Shelving	Material for shelves; shelves, collectively.
Shelvy	Sloping gradually; shelving.
Shemite	A descendant of Shem.
Shemitic	Alt. of Shemitish
Shemitish	Of or pertaining to Shem, the son of Noah, or his descendants. See Semitic.
Shemitism	See Semitism.
Shent	of Shend
Shending	of Shend
Shend	To injure, mar, spoil, or harm.
Shend	To blame, reproach, or revile; to degrade, disgrace, or put to shame.
Shendful	Destructive; ruinous; disgraceful.
Shendship	Harm; ruin; also, reproach; disgrace.
Shent	obs. 3d pers. sing. pres. of Shend, for shendeth.
Shent	To shend.
Sheol	The place of departed spirits; Hades; also, the grave.
Shepen	A stable; a shippen.
Shepherd	A man employed in tending, feeding, and guarding sheep, esp. a flock grazing at large.
Shepherd	The pastor of a church; one with the religious guidance of others.
Shepherded	of Shepherd
Shepherding	of Shepherd
Shepherd	To tend as a shepherd; to guard, herd, lead, or drive, as a shepherd.
Shepherdess	A woman who tends sheep; hence, a rural lass.
Shepherdias	of Shepherdia
Shepherdia	A genus of shrubs having silvery scurfy leaves, and belonging to the same family as Elaeagnus; also, any plant of this genus. See Buffalo berry, under Buffalo.
Shepherdish	Resembling a shepherd; suiting a shepherd; pastoral.
Shepherdism	Pastoral life or occupation.
Shepherdling	A little shepherd.
Shepherdly	Resembling, or becoming to, a shepherd; pastoral; rustic.
Shepster	A seamstress.
Sherbet	A refreshing drink, common in the East, made of the juice of some fruit, diluted, sweetened, and flavored in various ways; as, orange sherbet; lemon sherbet; raspberry sherbet, etc.
Sherbet	A flavored water ice.
Sherbet	A preparation of bicarbonate of soda, tartaric acid, sugar, etc., variously flavored, for making an effervescing drink; -- called also sherbet powder.
Sherd	A fragment; -- now used only in composition, as in potsherd. See Shard.
Shereef	Alt. of Sherif
Sherif	A member of an Arab princely family descended from Mohammed through his son-in-law Ali and daughter Fatima. The Grand Shereef is the governor of Mecca.
Sheriat	The sacred law of the Turkish empire.
Sheriff	The chief officer of a shire or county, to whom is intrusted the execution of the laws, the serving of judicial writs and processes, and the preservation of the peace.
Sheriffalty	Alt. of Sheriffwick
Sheriffdom	Alt. of Sheriffwick
Sheriffry	Alt. of Sheriffwick
Sheriffship	Alt. of Sheriffwick
Sheriffwick	The office or jurisdiction of sheriff. See Shrievalty.
Shern	See Shearn.
Sherris	Sherry.
Sherry	A Spanish light-colored dry wine, made in Andalusia. As prepared for commerce it is colored a straw color or a deep amber by mixing with it cheap wine boiled down.
Sherryvallies	Trousers or overalls of thick cloth or leather, buttoned on the outside of each leg, and generally worn to protect other trousers when riding on horseback.
Shet	of Shet
Shette	of Shet
Shet	of Shet
Shetting	of Shet
Shet	To shut.
Shete	To shoot.
Sheth	The part of a plow which projects downward beneath the beam, for holding the share and other working parts; -- also called standard, or post.
Shetland pony	One of a small, hardy breed of horses, with long mane and tail, which originated in the Shetland Islands; a sheltie.
Shew	See Show.
Shew	Show.
Shewbread	See Showbread.
Shewel	A scarecrow.
Shewer	One who shews. See Shower.
Shewn	p. p. of Shew.
Shiah	Same as Shiite.
Shibboleth	A word which was made the criterion by which to distinguish the Ephraimites from the Gileadites. The Ephraimites, not being able to pronounce sh, called the word sibboleth. See Judges xii.
Shibboleth	Also in an extended sense.
Shibboleth	Hence, the criterion, test, or watchword of a party; a party cry or pet phrase.
Shide	A thin board; a billet of wood; a splinter.
Shie	See Shy, to throw.
Shied	imp. & p. p. of Shy.
Shiel	A sheeling.
Shield	A broad piece of defensive armor, carried on the arm, -- formerly in general use in war, for the protection of the body. See Buckler.
Shield	Anything which protects or defends; defense; shelter; protection.
Shield	Figuratively, one who protects or defends.
Shield	In lichens, a Hardened cup or disk surrounded by a rim and containing the fructification, or asci.
Shield	The escutcheon or field on which are placed the bearings in coats of arms.  Cf. Lozenge. See Illust. of Escutcheon.
Shield	A framework used to protect workmen in making an adit under ground, and capable of being pushed along as excavation progresses.
Shield	A spot resembling, or having the form of, a shield.
Shield	A coin, the old French crown, or ecu, having on one side the figure of a shield.
Shielded	of Shield
Shielding	of Shield
Shield	To cover with, or as with, a shield; to cover from danger; to defend; to protect from assault or injury.
Shield	To ward off; to keep off or out.
Shield	To avert, as a misfortune; hence, as a supplicatory exclamation, forbid!
Shield-bearer	One who, or that which, carries a shield.
Shield-bearer	Any small moth of the genus Aspidisca, whose larva makes a shieldlike covering for itself out of bits of leaves.
Shielddrake	A sheldrake.
Shieldless	Destitute of a shield, or of protection.
Shieldtail	Any species of small burrowing snakes of the family Uropeltidae, native of Ceylon and Southern Asia. They have a small mouth which can not be dilated.
Shieling	A hut or shelter for shepherds of fishers. See Sheeling.
Shifted	of Shift
Shifting	of Shift
Shift	To divide; to distribute; to apportion.
Shift	To change the place of; to move or remove from one place to another; as, to shift a burden from one shoulder to another; to shift the blame.
Shift	To change the position of; to alter the bearings of; to turn; as, to shift the helm or sails.
Shift	To exchange for another of the same class; to remove and to put some similar thing in its place; to change; as, to shift the clothes; to shift the scenes.
Shift	To change the clothing of; -- used reflexively.
Shift	To put off or out of the way by some expedient.
Shiff	To divide; to distribute.
Shiff	To make a change or changes; to change position; to move; to veer; to substitute one thing for another; -- used in the various senses of the transitive verb.
Shiff	To resort to expedients for accomplishing a purpose; to contrive; to manage.
Shiff	To practice indirect or evasive methods.
Shiff	To slip to one side of a ship, so as to destroy the equilibrum; -- said of ballast or cargo; as, the cargo shifted.
Shift	The act of shifting.
Shift	The act of putting one thing in the place of another, or of changing the place of a thing; change; substitution.
Shift	Something frequently shifted; especially, a woman's under-garment; a chemise.
Shift	The change of one set of workmen for another; hence, a spell, or turn, of work; also, a set of workmen who work in turn with other sets; as, a night shift.
Shift	In building, the extent, or arrangement, of the overlapping of plank, brick, stones, etc., that are placed in courses so as to break joints.
Shift	A breaking off and dislocation of a seam; a fault.
Shift	A change of the position of the hand on the finger board, in playing the violin.
Shiftable	Admitting of being shifted.
Shifter	One who, or that which, shifts; one who plays tricks or practices artifice; a cozener.
Shifter	An assistant to the ship's cook in washing, steeping, and shifting the salt provisions.
Shifter	An arrangement for shifting a belt sidewise from one pulley to another.
Shifter	A wire for changing a loop from one needle to another, as in narrowing, etc.
Shiftiness	The quality or state of being shifty.
Shifting	Changing in place, position, or direction; varying; variable; fickle; as, shifting winds; shifting opinions or principles.
Shifting	Adapted or used for shifting anything.
Shiftingly	In a shifting manner.
Shiftless	Destitute of expedients, or not using successful expedients; characterized by failure, especially by failure to provide for one's own support, through negligence or incapacity; hence, lazy; improvident; thriftless; as, a shiftless fellow; shiftless management.
Shifty	Full of, or ready with, shifts; fertile in expedients or contrivance.
Shiite	Alt. of Shiah
Shiah	A member of that branch of the Mohammedans to which the Persians belong. They reject the first three caliphs, and consider Ali as being the first and only rightful successor of Mohammed. They do not acknowledge the Sunna, or body of traditions respecting Mohammed, as any part of the law, and on these accounts are treated as heretics by the Sunnites, or orthodox Mohammedans.
Shikaree	Alt. of Shikari
Shikari	A sportsman; esp., a native hunter.
Shilf	Straw.
Shill	To shell.
Shill	To put under cover; to sheal.
Shillalah	Alt. of Shillelah
Shillelah	An oaken sapling or cudgel; any cudgel; -- so called from Shillelagh, a place in Ireland of that name famous for its oaks.
Shilling	A silver coin, and money of account, of Great Britain and its dependencies, equal to twelve pence, or the twentieth part of a pound, equivalent to about twenty-four cents of the United States currency.
Shilling	In the United States, a denomination of money, differing in value in different States. It is not now legally recognized.
Shilling	The Spanish real, of the value of one eight of a dollar, or 12/ cets; -- formerly so called in New York and some other States. See Note under 2.
Shill-I-shall-I	Alt. of Shilly-shally
Shilly-shally	In an irresolute, undecided, or hesitating manner.
Shilly-shally	To hesitate; to act in an irresolute manner; hence, to occupy one's self with trifles.
Shilly-shally	Irresolution; hesitation; also, occupation with trifles.
Shiloh	A word used by Jacob on his deathbed, and interpreted variously, as "the Messiah," or as the city "Shiloh," or as "Rest."
Shily	See Shyly.
Shim	A kind of shallow plow used in tillage to break the ground, and clear it of weeds.
Shim	A thin piece of metal placed between two parts to make a fit.
Shimmered	of Shimmer
Shimmering	of Shimmer
Shimmer	To shine with a tremulous or intermittent light; to shine faintly; to gleam; to glisten; to glimmer.
Shimmer	A faint, tremulous light; a gleaming; a glimmer.
Shimmering	A gleam or glimmering.
Shimmy	A chemise.
Shin	The front part of the leg below the knee; the front edge of the shin bone; the lower part of the leg; the shank.
Shin	A fish plate for rails.
Shinned	of Shin
Shinning	of Shin
Shin	To climb a mast, tree, rope, or the like, by embracing it alternately with the arms and legs, without help of steps, spurs, or the like; -- used with up; as, to shin up a mast.
Shin	To run about borrowing money hastily and temporarily, as for the payment of one's notes at the bank.
Shin	To climb (a pole, etc.) by shinning up.
Shindle	A shingle; also, a slate for roofing.
Shindle	To cover or roof with shindles.
Shindies	of Shindy
Shindy	An uproar or disturbance; a spree; a row; a riot.
Shindy	Hockey; shinney.
Shindy	A fancy or liking.
Shone	of Shine
Shined	of Shine
Shining	of Shine
Shine	To emit rays of light; to give light; to beam with steady radiance; to exhibit brightness or splendor; as, the sun shines by day; the moon shines by night.
Shine	To be bright by reflection of light; to gleam; to be glossy; as, to shine like polished silver.
Shine	To be effulgent in splendor or beauty.
Shine	To be eminent, conspicuous, or distinguished; to exhibit brilliant intellectual powers; as, to shine in courts; to shine in conversation.
Shine	To cause to shine, as a light.
Shine	To make bright; to cause to shine by reflected light; as, in hunting, to shine the eyes of a deer at night by throwing a light on them.
Shine	The quality or state of shining; brightness; luster, gloss; polish; sheen.
Shine	Sunshine; fair weather.
Shine	A liking for a person; a fancy.
Shine	Caper; antic; row.
Shine	Shining; sheen.
Shiner	That which shines.
Shiner	A luminary.
Shiner	A bright piece of money.
Shiner	Any one of numerous species of small freshwater American cyprinoid fishes, belonging to Notropis, or Minnilus, and allied genera; as the redfin (Notropis megalops), and the golden shiner (Notemigonus chrysoleucus) of the Eastern United States; also loosely applied to various other silvery fishes, as the dollar fish, or horsefish, menhaden, moonfish, sailor's choice, and the sparada.
Shiner	The common Lepisma, or furniture bug.
Shiness	See Shyness.
Shingle	Round, water-worn, and loose gravel and pebbles, or a collection of roundish stones, such as are common on the seashore and elsewhere.
Shingle	A piece of wood sawed or rived thin and small, with one end thinner than the other, -- used in covering buildings, especially roofs, the thick ends of one row overlapping the thin ends of the row below.
Shingle	A sign for an office or a shop; as, to hang out one's shingle.
Shingled	of Shingle
Shingling	of Shingle
Shingle	To cover with shingles; as, to shingle a roof.
Shingle	To cut, as hair, so that the ends are evenly exposed all over the head, as shingles on a roof.
Shingle	To subject to the process of shindling, as a mass of iron from the pudding furnace.
Shingler	One who shingles.
Shingler	A machine for shingling puddled iron.
Shingles	A kind of herpes (Herpes zoster) which spreads half way around the body like a girdle, and is usually attended with violent neuralgic pain.
Shingling	The act of covering with shingles; shingles, collectively; a covering made of shingles.
Shingling	The process of expelling scoriae and other impurities by hammering and squeezing, in the production of wrought iron.
Shingly	Abounding with shingle, or gravel.
Shinhopple	The hobblebush.
Shining	Emitting light, esp. in a continuous manner; radiant; as, shining lamps; also, bright by the reflection of light; as, shining armor.
Shining	Splendid; illustrious; brilliant; distinguished; conspicious; as, a shining example of charity.
Shining	Having the surface smooth and polished; -- said of leaves, the surfaces of shells, etc.
Shining	Emission or reflection of light.
Shiningness	Brightness.
Shinney	The game of hockey; -- so called because of the liability of the players to receive blows on the shin.
Shinplaster	Formerly, a jocose term for a bank note greatly depreciated in value; also, for paper money of a denomination less than a dollar.
Shinto	Alt. of Shintiism
Shintiism	One of the two great systems of religious belief in Japan. Its essence is ancestor worship, and sacrifice to dead heroes.
Shintoist	An adherent of Shintoism.
Shinty	A Scotch game resembling hockey; also, the club used in the game.
Shiny	Bright; luminous; clear; unclouded.
-ship	A suffix denoting state, office, dignity, profession, or art; as in lordship, friendship, chancellorship, stewardship, horsemanship.
Ship	Pay; reward.
Ship	Any large seagoing vessel.
Ship	Specifically, a vessel furnished with a bowsprit and three masts (a mainmast, a foremast, and a mizzenmast), each of which is composed of a lower mast, a topmast, and a topgallant mast, and square-rigged on all masts. See Illustation in Appendix.
Ship	A dish or utensil (originally fashioned like the hull of a ship) used to hold incense.
Shipped	of Ship
Shipping	of Ship
Ship	To put on board of a ship, or vessel of any kind, for transportation; to send by water.
Ship	By extension, in commercial usage, to commit to any conveyance for transportation to a distance; as, to ship freight by railroad.
Ship	Hence, to send away; to get rid of.
Ship	To engage or secure for service on board of a ship; as, to ship seamen.
Ship	To receive on board ship; as, to ship a sea.
Ship	To put in its place; as, to ship the tiller or rudder.
Ship	To engage to serve on board of a vessel; as, to ship on a man-of-war.
Ship	To embark on a ship.
Shipboard	A ship's side; hence, by extension, a ship; -- found chiefly in adverbial phrases; as, on shipboard; a shipboard.
Shipbuilder	A person whose occupation is to construct ships and other vessels; a naval architect; a shipwright.
Shipbuilding	Naval architecturel the art of constructing ships and other vessels.
Shipfuls	of Shipful
Shipful	As much or as many as a ship will hold; enough to fill a ship.
Shipholder	A shipowner.
Shipless	Destitute of ships.
Shiplet	A little ship.
Shipload	The load, or cargo, of a ship.
Shipmen	of Shipman
Shipman	A seaman, or sailor.
Shipmaster	The captain, master, or commander of a ship.
Shipmate	One who serves on board of the same ship with another; a fellow sailor.
Shipment	The act or process of shipping; as, he was engaged in the shipment of coal for London; an active shipment of wheat from the West.
Shipment	That which is shipped.
Shipowner	Owner of a ship or ships.
Shippen	A stable; a cowhouse.
Shipper	One who sends goods from one place to another not in the same city or town, esp. one who sends goods by water.
Shipping	Relating to ships, their ownership, transfer, or employment; as, shiping concerns.
Shipping	Relating to, or concerned in, the forwarding of goods; as, a shipping clerk.
Shipping	The act of one who, or of that which, ships; as, the shipping of flour to Liverpool.
Shipping	The collective body of ships in one place, or belonging to one port, country, etc.; vessels, generally; tonnage.
Shipping	Navigation.
Shippon	A cowhouse; a shippen.
Ship-rigged	Rigged like a ship, that is, having three masts, each with square sails.
Shipshape	Arranged in a manner befitting a ship; hence, trim; tidy; orderly.
Shipshape	In a shipshape or seamanlike manner.
Shipworm	Any long, slender, worm-shaped bivalve mollusk of Teredo and allied genera. The shipworms burrow in wood, and are destructive to wooden ships, piles of wharves, etc. See Teredo.
Shipwreck	The breaking in pieces, or shattering, of a ship or other vessel by being cast ashore or driven against rocks, shoals, etc., by the violence of the winds and waves.
Shipwreck	A ship wrecked or destroyed upon the water, or the parts of such a ship; wreckage.
Shipwreck	Fig.: Destruction; ruin; irretrievable loss.
Shipwrecked	of Shipwreck
Shipwrecking	of Shipwreck
Shipwreck	To destroy, as a ship at sea, by running ashore or on rocks or sandbanks, or by the force of wind and waves in a tempest.
Shipwreck	To cause to experience shipwreck, as sailors or passengers. Hence, to cause to suffer some disaster or loss; to destroy or ruin, as if by shipwreck; to wreck; as, to shipwreck a business.
Shipwright	One whose occupation is to construct ships; a builder of ships or other vessels.
Shipyard	A yard, place, or inclosure where ships are built or repaired.
Shiraz	A kind of Persian wine; -- so called from the place whence it is brought.
Shire	A portion of Great Britain originally under the supervision of an earl; a territorial division, usually identical with a county, but sometimes limited to a smaller district; as, Wiltshire, Yorkshire, Richmondshire, Hallamshire.
Shire	A division of a State, embracing several contiguous townships; a county.
Shirked	of Shirk
Shirking	of Shirk
Shirk	To procure by petty fraud and trickery; to obtain by mean solicitation.
Shirk	To avoid; to escape; to neglect; -- implying unfaithfulness or fraud; as, to shirk duty.
Shirk	To live by shifts and fraud; to shark.
Shirk	To evade an obligation; to avoid the performance of duty, as by running away.
Shirk	One who lives by shifts and tricks; one who avoids the performance of duty or labor.
Shirker	One who shirks.
Shirky	Disposed to shirk.
Shirl	Shrill.
Shirl	See Schorl.
Shirley	The bullfinch.
Shirr	A series of close parallel runnings which are drawn up so as to make the material between them set full by gatherings; -- called also shirring, and gauging.
Shirred	Made or gathered into a shirr; as, a shirred bonnet.
Shirred	Broken into an earthen dish and baked over the fire; -- said of eggs.
Shirt	A loose under-garment for the upper part of the body, made of cotton, linen, or other material; -- formerly used of the under-garment of either sex, now commonly restricted to that worn by men and boys.
Shirted	of Shirt
Shirting	of Shirt
Shirt	To cover or clothe with a shirt, or as with a shirt.
Shirting	Cloth, specifically cotton cloth, suitable for making shirts.
Shirtless	Not having or wearing a shirt.
Shist	Alt. of Shistose
Shistose	See Shist, Schistose.
Shittah	Alt. of Shittah tree
Shittah tree	A tree that furnished the precious wood of which the ark, tables, altars, boards, etc., of the Jewish tabernacle were made; -- now believed to have been the wood of the Acacia Seyal, which is hard, fine grained, and yellowish brown in color.
Shittim	Alt. of Shittim wood
Shittim wood	The wood of the shittah tree.
Shittle	A shuttle.
Shittle	Wavering; unsettled; inconstant.
Shittlecock	A shuttlecock.
Shittleness	Instability; inconstancy.
Shive	A slice; as, a shive of bread.
Shive	A thin piece or fragment; specifically, one of the scales or pieces of the woody part of flax removed by the operation of breaking.
Shive	A thin, flat cork used for stopping a wide-mouthed bottle; also, a thin wooden bung for casks.
Shiver	One of the small pieces, or splinters, into which a brittle thing is broken by sudden violence; -- generally used in the plural.
Shiver	A thin slice; a shive.
Shiver	A variety of blue slate.
Shiver	A sheave or small wheel in a pulley.
Shiver	A small wedge, as for fastening the bolt of a window shutter.
Shiver	A spindle.
Shivered	of Shiver
Shivering	of Shiver
Shiver	To break into many small pieces, or splinters; to shatter; to dash to pieces by a blow; as, to shiver a glass goblet.
Shiver	To separate suddenly into many small pieces or parts; to be shattered.
Shiver	To tremble; to vibrate; to quiver; to shake, as from cold or fear.
Shiver	To cause to shake or tremble, as a sail, by steering close to the wind.
Shiver	The act of shivering or trembling.
Shiveringly	In a shivering manner.
Shiver-spar	A variety of calcite, so called from its slaty structure; -- called also slate spar.
Shivery	Tremulous; shivering.
Shivery	Easily broken; brittle; shattery.
Shoad	A train of vein material mixed with rubbish; fragments of ore which have become separated by the action of water or the weather, and serve to direct in the discovery of mines.
Shoading	The tracing of veins of metal by shoads.
Shoal	A great multitude assembled; a crowd; a throng; -- said especially of fish; as, a shoal of bass.
Shoaled	of Shoal
Shoaling	of Shoal
Shoal	To assemble in a multitude; to throng; as, the fishes shoaled about the place.
Shoal	Having little depth; shallow; as, shoal water.
Shoal	A place where the water of a sea, lake, river, pond, etc., is shallow; a shallow.
Shoal	A sandbank or bar which makes the water shoal.
Shoal	To become shallow; as, the color of the water shows where it shoals.
Shoal	To cause to become more shallow; to come to a more shallow part of; as, a ship shoals her water by advancing into that which is less deep.
Shoaliness	The quality or state of being shoaly; little depth of water; shallowness.
Shoaling	Becoming shallow gradually.
Shoaly	Full of shoals, or shallow places.
Shoar	A prop. See 3d Shore.
Shoat	A young hog. Same as Shote.
Shock	A pile or assemblage of sheaves of grain, as wheat, rye, or the like, set up in a field, the sheaves varying in number from twelve to sixteen; a stook.
Shock	A lot consisting of sixty pieces; -- a term applied in some Baltic ports to loose goods.
Shock	To collect, or make up, into a shock or shocks; to stook; as, to shock rye.
Shock	To be occupied with making shocks.
Shock	A quivering or shaking which is the effect of a blow, collision, or violent impulse; a blow, impact, or collision; a concussion; a sudden violent impulse or onset.
Shock	A sudden agitation of the mind or feelings; a sensation of pleasure or pain caused by something unexpected or overpowering; also, a sudden agitating or overpowering event.
Shock	A sudden depression of the vital forces of the entire body, or of a port of it, marking some profound impression produced upon the nervous system, as by severe injury, overpowering emotion, or the like.
Shock	The sudden convulsion or contraction of the muscles, with the feeling of a concussion, caused by the discharge, through the animal system, of electricity from a charged body.
Shocked	of Shock
Shocking	of Shock
Shock	To give a shock to; to cause to shake or waver; hence, to strike against suddenly; to encounter with violence.
Shock	To strike with surprise, terror, horror, or disgust; to cause to recoil; as, his violence shocked his associates.
Shock	To meet with a shock; to meet in violent encounter.
Shock	A dog with long hair or shag; -- called also shockdog.
Shock	A thick mass of bushy hair; as, a head covered with a shock of sandy hair.
Shock	Bushy; shaggy; as, a shock hair.
Shockdog	See 7th Shock, 1.
Shock-head	Shock-headed.
Shock-headed	Having a thick and bushy head of hair.
Shocking	Causing to shake or tremble, as by a blow; especially, causing to recoil with horror or disgust; extremely offensive or disgusting.
Shod	f Shoe.
Shoddy	A fibrous material obtained by "deviling," or tearing into fibers, refuse woolen goods, old stockings, rags, druggets, etc. See Mungo.
Shoddy	A fabric of inferior quality made of, or containing a large amount of, shoddy.
Shoddy	Made wholly or in part of shoddy; containing shoddy; as, shoddy cloth; shoddy blankets; hence, colloquially, not genuine; sham; pretentious; as, shoddy aristocracy.
Shoddyism	The quality or state of being shoddy.
Shode	The parting of the hair on the head.
Shode	The top of the head; the head.
Shode	Alt. of Shoding
Shoding	See Shoad, Shoading.
Shoder	A package of gold beater's skins in which gold is subjected to the second process of beating.
Shoes	of Shoe
Shoon	of Shoe
Shoe	A covering for the human foot, usually made of leather, having a thick and somewhat stiff sole and a lighter top. It differs from a boot on not extending so far up the leg.
Shoe	Anything resembling a shoe in form, position, or use.
Shoe	A plate or rim of iron nailed to the hoof of an animal to defend it from injury.
Shoe	A band of iron or steel, or a ship of wood, fastened to the bottom of the runner of a sleigh, or any vehicle which slides on the snow.
Shoe	A drag, or sliding piece of wood or iron, placed under the wheel of a loaded vehicle, to retard its motion in going down a hill.
Shoe	The part of a railroad car brake which presses upon the wheel to retard its motion.
Shoe	A trough-shaped or spout-shaped member, put at the bottom of the water leader coming from the eaves gutter, so as to throw the water off from the building.
Shoe	The trough or spout for conveying the grain from the hopper to the eye of the millstone.
Shoe	An inclined trough in an ore-crushing mill.
Shoe	An iron socket or plate to take the thrust of a strut or rafter.
Shoe	An iron socket to protect the point of a wooden pile.
Shoe	A plate, or notched piece, interposed between a moving part and the stationary part on which it bears, to take the wear and afford means of adjustment; -- called also slipper, and gib.
Shod	of Shoe
Shoeing	of Shoe
Shoe	To furnish with a shoe or shoes; to put a shoe or shoes on; as, to shoe a horse, a sled, an anchor.
Shoe	To protect or ornament with something which serves the purpose of a shoe; to tip.
Shoebill	A large African wading bird (Balaeniceps rex) allied to the storks and herons, and remarkable for its enormous broad swollen bill. It inhabits the valley of the White Nile. See Illust. (l.) of Beak.
Shoeblack	One who polishes shoes.
Shoehorn	Alt. of Shoeing-horn
Shoeing-horn	A curved piece of polished horn, wood, or metal used to facilitate the entrance of the foot into a shoe.
Shoeing-horn	Anything by which a transaction is facilitated; a medium; -- by way of contempt.
Shoeing-horn	Anything which draws on or allures; an inducement.
Shoeless	Destitute of shoes.
Shoemaker	One whose occupation it is to make shoes and boots.
Shoemaker	The threadfish.
Shoemaker	The runner, 12.
Shoemaking	The business of a shoemaker.
Shoer	One who fits shoes to the feet; one who furnishes or puts on shoes; as, a shoer of horses.
Shog	A shock; a jog; a violent concussion or impulse.
Shog	To shake; to shock.
Shog	To jog; to move on.
Shoggle	To joggle.
Shogun	A title originally conferred by the Mikado on the military governor of the eastern provinces of Japan. By gradual usurpation of power the Shoguns (known to foreigners as Tycoons) became finally the virtual rulers of Japan. The title was abolished in 1867.
Shogunate	The office or dignity of a Shogun.
Shola	See Sola.
Shole	A plank fixed beneath an object, as beneath the rudder of a vessel, to protect it from injury; a plank on the ground under the end of a shore or the like.
Shole	See Shoal.
Shonde	Harm; disgrace; shame.
Shone	imp. & p. p. of Shine.
Shoo	Begone; away; -- an expression used in frightening away animals, especially fowls.
Shooi	The Richardson's skua (Stercorarius parasiticus);- so called from its cry.
Shook	imp. & obs. or poet. p. p. of Shake.
Shook	A set of staves and headings sufficient in number for one hogshead, cask, barrel, or the like, trimmed, and bound together in compact form.
Shook	A set of boards for a sugar box.
Shook	The parts of a piece of house furniture, as a bedstead, packed together.
Shook	To pack, as staves, in a shook.
Shoon	pl. of Shoe.
Shoop	imp. of Shape. Shaped.
Shoot	An inclined plane, either artificial or natural, down which timber, coal, etc., are caused to slide; also, a narrow passage, either natural or artificial, in a stream, where the water rushes rapidly; esp., a channel, having a swift current, connecting the ends of a bend in the stream, so as to shorten the course.
Shot	of Shoot
Shooting	of Shoot
Shotten	of Shoot
Shoot	To let fly, or cause to be driven, with force, as an arrow or a bullet; -- followed by a word denoting the missile, as an object.
Shoot	To discharge, causing a missile to be driven forth; -- followed by a word denoting the weapon or instrument, as an object; -- often with off; as, to shoot a gun.
Shoot	To strike with anything shot; to hit with a missile; often, to kill or wound with a firearm; -- followed by a word denoting the person or thing hit, as an object.
Shoot	To send out or forth, especially with a rapid or sudden motion; to cast with the hand; to hurl; to discharge; to emit.
Shoot	To push or thrust forward; to project; to protrude; -- often with out; as, a plant shoots out a bud.
Shoot	To plane straight; to fit by planing.
Shoot	To pass rapidly through, over, or under; as, to shoot a rapid or a bridge; to shoot a sand bar.
Shoot	To variegate as if by sprinkling or intermingling; to color in spots or patches.
Shoot	To cause an engine or weapon to discharge a missile; -- said of a person or an agent; as, they shot at a target; he shoots better than he rides.
Shoot	To discharge a missile; -- said of an engine or instrument; as, the gun shoots well.
Shoot	To be shot or propelled forcibly; -- said of a missile; to be emitted or driven; to move or extend swiftly, as if propelled; as, a shooting star.
Shoot	To penetrate, as a missile; to dart with a piercing sensation; as, shooting pains.
Shoot	To feel a quick, darting pain; to throb in pain.
Shoot	To germinate; to bud; to sprout.
Shoot	To grow; to advance; as, to shoot up rapidly.
Shoot	To change form suddenly; especially, to solidify.
Shoot	To protrude; to jut; to project; to extend; as, the land shoots into a promontory.
Shoot	To move ahead by force of momentum, as a sailing vessel when the helm is put hard alee.
Shoot	The act of shooting; the discharge of a missile; a shot; as, the shoot of a shuttle.
Shoot	A young branch or growth.
Shoot	A rush of water; a rapid.
Shoot	A vein of ore running in the same general direction as the lode.
Shoot	A weft thread shot through the shed by the shuttle; a pick.
Shoot	A shoat; a young hog.
Shooter	One who shoots, as an archer or a gunner.
Shooter	That which shoots.
Shooter	A firearm; as, a five-shooter.
Shooter	A shooting star.
Shooting	The act of one who, or that which, shoots; as, the shooting of an archery club; the shooting of rays of light.
Shooting	A wounding or killing with a firearm; specifically (Sporting), the killing of game; as, a week of shooting.
Shooting	A sensation of darting pain; as, a shooting in one's head.
Shooting	Of or pertaining to shooting; for shooting; darting.
Shooty	Sprouting or coming up freely and regularly.
Shop	imp. of Shape. Shaped.
Shop	A building or an apartment in which goods, wares, drugs, etc., are sold by retail.
Shop	A building in which mechanics or artisans work; as, a shoe shop; a car shop.
Shopped	of Shop
Shopping	of Shop
Shop	To visit shops for the purpose of purchasing goods.
Shopboard	A bench or board on which work is performed; a workbench.
Shopbook	A book in which a tradesman keeps his accounts.
Shopboy	A boy employed in a shop.
Shopen	p. p. of Shape.
Shopgirl	A girl employed in a shop.
Shopkeeper	A trader who sells goods in a shop, or by retail; -- in distinction from one who sells by wholesale.
Shoplifter	One who steals anything in a shop, or takes goods privately from a shop; one who, under pretense of buying goods, takes occasion to steal.
Shoplifting	Larceny committed in a shop; the stealing of anything from a shop.
Shoplike	Suiting a shop; vulgar.
Shopmaid	A shopgirl.
Shopmen	of Shopman
Shopman	A shopkeeper; a retailer.
Shopman	One who serves in a shop; a salesman.
Shopman	One who works in a shop or a factory.
Shopper	One who shops.
Shoppish	Having the appearance or qualities of a shopkeeper, or shopman.
Shoppy	Abounding with shops.
Shoppy	Of or pertaining to shops, or one's own shop or business; as, shoppy talk.
Shopshift	The trick of a shopkeeper; deception.
Shopwalker	One who walks about in a shop as an overseer and director.  Cf. Floorwalker.
Shopwomen	of Shopwoman
Shopwoman	A woman employed in a shop.
Shopworn	Somewhat worn or damaged by having been kept for a time in a shop.
Shorage	Duty paid for goods brought on shore.
Shore	imp. of Shear.
Shore	A sewer.
Shore	A prop, as a timber, placed as a brace or support against the side of a building or other structure; a prop placed beneath anything, as a beam, to prevent it from sinking or sagging.
Shored	of Shore
Shoring	of Shore
Shore	To support by a shore or shores; to prop; -- usually with up; as, to shore up a building.
Shore	The coast or land adjacent to a large body of water, as an ocean, lake, or large river.
Shore	To set on shore.
Shoreless	Having no shore or coast; of indefinite or unlimited extent; as, a shoreless ocean.
Shoreling	See Shorling.
Shorer	One who, or that which, shores or props; a prop; a shore.
Shoreward	Toward the shore.
Shoring	The act of supporting or strengthening with a prop or shore.
Shoring	A system of props; props, collectively.
Shorl	Alt. of Shorlaceous
Shorlaceous	See Schorl, Schorlaceous.
Shorling	The skin of a sheen after the fleece is shorn off, as distinct from the morling, or skin taken from the dead sheep; also, a sheep of the first year's shearing.
Shorling	A person who is shorn; a shaveling; hence, in contempt, a priest.
Shorn	p. p. of Shear.
Short	Not long; having brief length or linear extension; as, a short distance; a short piece of timber; a short flight.
Short	Not extended in time; having very limited duration; not protracted; as, short breath.
Short	Limited in quantity; inadequate; insufficient; scanty; as, a short supply of provisions, or of water.
Short	Insufficiently provided; inadequately supplied; scantily furnished; lacking; not coming up to a resonable, or the ordinary, standard; -- usually with of; as, to be short of money.
Short	Deficient; defective; imperfect; not coming up, as to a measure or standard; as, an account which is short of the trith.
Short	Not distant in time; near at hand.
Short	Limited in intellectual power or grasp; not comprehensive; narrow; not tenacious, as memory.
Short	Less important, efficaceous, or powerful; not equal or equivalent; less (than); -- with of.
Short	Abrupt; brief; pointed; petulant; as, he gave a short answer to the question.
Short	Breaking or crumbling readily in the mouth; crisp; as, short pastry.
Short	Brittle.
Short	Engaging or engaged to deliver what is not possessed; as, short contracts; to be short of stock. See The shorts, under Short, n., and To sell short, under Short, adv.
Short	Not prolonged, or relatively less prolonged, in utterance; -- opposed to long, and applied to vowels or to syllables. In English, the long and short of the same letter are not, in most cases, the long and short of the same sound; thus, the i in ill is the short sound, not of i in isle, but of ee in eel, and the e in pet is the short sound of a in pate, etc. See Quantity, and Guide to Pronunciation, //22, 30.
Short	A summary account.
Short	The part of milled grain sifted out which is next finer than the bran.
Short	Short, inferior hemp.
Short	Breeches; shortclothes.
Short	A short sound, syllable, or vowel.
Short	In a short manner; briefly; limitedly; abruptly; quickly; as, to stop short in one's course; to turn short.
Short	To shorten.
Short	To fail; to decrease.
Shortage	Amount or extent of deficiency, as determined by some requirement or standard; as, a shortage in money accounts.
Short-breathed	Having short-breath, or quick respiration.
Short-breathed	Having short life.
Shortcake	An unsweetened breakfast cake shortened with butter or lard, rolled thin, and baked.
Short circuit	A circuit formed or closed by a conductor of relatively low resistance because shorter or of relatively great conductivity.
Short-circuited	of Short-circuit
Short-circuiting	of Short-circuit
Short-circuit	To join, as the electrodes of a battery or dynamo or any two points of a circuit, by a conductor of low resistance.
Shortclothes	Coverings for the legs of men or boys, consisting of trousers which reach only to the knees, -- worn with long stockings.
Shortcoming	The act of falling, or coming short
Shortcoming	The failure of a crop, or the like.
Shortcoming	Neglect of, or failure in, performance of duty.
Short-dated	Having little time to run from the date.
Shortened /	of Shorten
Shortening	of Shorten
Shorten	To make short or shorter in measure, extent, or time; as, to shorten distance; to shorten a road; to shorten days of calamity.
Shorten	To reduce or diminish in amount, quantity, or extent; to lessen; to abridge; to curtail; to contract; as, to shorten work, an allowance of food, etc.
Shorten	To make deficient (as to); to deprive; -- with of.
Shorten	To make short or friable, as pastry, with butter, lard, pot liquor, or the like.
Shorten	To become short or shorter; as, the day shortens in northern latitudes from June to December; a metallic rod shortens by cold.
Shortener	One who, or that which, shortens.
Shortening	The act of making or becoming short or shorter.
Shortening	That which renders pastry short or friable, as butter, lard, etc.
Shorthand	A compendious and rapid method or writing by substituting characters, abbreviations, or symbols, for letters, words, etc.; short writing; stenography. See Illust. under Phonography.
Short-handed	Short of, or lacking the regular number of, servants or helpers.
Shorthead	A sucking whale less than one year old; -- so called by sailors.
Shorthorn	One of a breed of large, heavy domestic cattle having short horns. The breed was developed in England.
Short-jointed	Having short intervals between the joints; -- said of a plant or an animal, especially of a horse whose pastern is too short.
Short-lived	Not living or lasting long; being of short continuance; as, a short-lived race of beings; short-lived pleasure; short-lived passion.
Shortly	In a short or brief time or manner; soon; quickly.
Shortly	In few words; briefly; abruptly; curtly; as, to express ideas more shortly in verse than in prose.
Shortness	The quality or state of being short; want of reach or extension; brevity; deficiency; as, the shortness of a journey; the shortness of the days in winter; the shortness of an essay; the shortness of the memory; a shortness of provisions; shortness of breath.
Shortsighted	Not able to see far; nearsighted; myopic. See Myopic, and Myopia.
Shortsighted	Fig.: Not able to look far into futurity; unable to understand things deep; of limited intellect.
Shortsighted	Having little regard for the future; heedless.
Short-spoken	Speaking in a quick or short manner; hence, gruff; curt.
Shortstop	The player stationed in the field bewtween the second and third bases.
Short-waisted	Having a short waist.
Short-winded	Affected with shortness of breath; having a quick, difficult respiration, as dyspnoic and asthmatic persons.
Shortwing	Any one of several species of small wrenlike Asiatic birds having short wings and a short tail. They belong to Brachypterix, Callene, and allied genera.
Short-wited	Having little wit; not wise; having scanty intellect or judgment.
Shory	Lying near the shore.
Shoshones	A linguistic family or stock of North American Indians, comprising many tribes, which extends from Montana and Idaho into Mexico. In a restricted sense the name is applied especially to the Snakes, the most northern of the tribes.
Shot	imp. & p. p. of Shoot.
Shot	Woven in such a way as to produce an effect of variegation, of changeable tints, or of being figured; as, shot silks. See Shoot, v. t., 8.
Shot	A share or proportion; a reckoning; a scot.
Shot	of Shot
Shots	of Shot
Shot	The act of shooting; discharge of a firearm or other weapon which throws a missile.
Shot	A missile weapon, particularly a ball or bullet; specifically, whatever is discharged as a projectile from firearms or cannon by the force of an explosive.
Shot	Small globular masses of lead, of various sizes, -- used chiefly for killing game; as, bird shot; buckshot.
Shot	The flight of a missile, or the distance which it is, or can be, thrown; as, the vessel was distant more than a cannon shot.
Shot	A marksman; one who practices shooting; as, an exellent shot.
Shotted	of Shot
Shotting	of Shot
Shot	To load with shot, as a gun.
Shot-clog	A person tolerated only because he pays the shot, or reckoning, for the rest of the company, otherwise a mere clog on them.
Shote	A fish resembling the trout.
Shote	A young hog; a shoat.
Shot-free	Not to be injured by shot; shot-proof.
Shot-free	Free from charge or expense; hence, unpunished; scot-free.
Shotgun	A light, smooth-bored gun, often double-barreled, especially designed for firing small shot at short range, and killing small game.
Shot-proof	Impenetrable by shot.
Shots	The refuse of cattle taken from a drove.
Shotted	Loaded with shot.
Shotted	Having a shot attached; as, a shotten suture.
Shotten	Having ejected the spawn; as, a shotten herring.
Shotten	Shot out of its socket; dislocated, as a bone.
Shough	A shockdog.
Shough	See Shoo.
Should	Used as an auxiliary verb, to express a conditional or contingent act or state, or as a supposition of an actual fact; also, to express moral obligation (see Shall); e. g.: they should have come last week; if I should go; I should think you could go.
Shoulder	The joint, or the region of the joint, by which the fore limb is connected with the body or with the shoulder girdle; the projection formed by the bones and muscles about that joint.
Shoulder	The flesh and muscles connected with the shoulder joint; the upper part of the back; that part of the human frame on which it is most easy to carry a heavy burden; -- often used in the plural.
Shoulder	Fig.: That which supports or sustains; support.
Shoulder	That which resembles a human shoulder, as any protuberance or projection from the body of a thing.
Shoulder	The upper joint of the fore leg and adjacent parts of an animal, dressed for market; as, a shoulder of mutton.
Shoulder	The angle of a bastion included between the face and flank. See Illust. of Bastion.
Shoulder	An abrupt projection which forms an abutment on an object, or limits motion, etc., as the projection around a tenon at the end of a piece of timber, the part of the top of a type which projects beyond the base of the raised character, etc.
Shouldered	of Shoulder
Shouldering	of Shoulder
Shoulder	To push or thrust with the shoulder; to push with violence; to jostle.
Shoulder	To take upon the shoulder or shoulders; as, to shoulder a basket; hence, to assume the burden or responsibility of; as, to shoulder blame; to shoulder a debt.
Shouldered	Having shoulders; -- used in composition; as, a broad-shouldered man.
Shoulder-shotten	Sprained in the shoulder, as a horse.
Shouted	of Shout
Shouting	of Shout
Shout	To utter a sudden and loud outcry, as in joy, triumph, or exultation, or to attract attention, to animate soldiers, etc.
Shout	To utter with a shout; to cry; -- sometimes with out; as, to shout, or to shout out, a man's name.
Shout	To treat with shouts or clamor.
Shout	A loud burst of voice or voices; a vehement and sudden outcry, especially of a multitudes expressing joy, triumph, exultation, or animated courage.
Shouter	One who shouts.
Shoved	of Shove
Shoving	of Shove
Shove	To drive along by the direct and continuous application of strength; to push; especially, to push (a body) so as to make it move along the surface of another body; as, to shove a boat on the water; to shove a table across the floor.
Shove	To push along, aside, or away, in a careless or rude manner; to jostle.
Shove	To push or drive forward; to move onward by pushing or jostling.
Shove	To move off or along by an act pushing, as with an oar a pole used by one in a boat; sometimes with off.
Shove	The act of shoving; a forcible push.
Shove	p. p. of Shove.
Shoveboard	Alt. of Shovegroat
Shovegroat	The same as Shovelboard.
Shovel	An implement consisting of a broad scoop, or more or less hollow blade, with a handle, used for lifting and throwing earth, coal, grain, or other loose substances.
Shoveled	of Shovel
Shovelled	of Shovel
Shoveling	of Shovel
Shovelling	of Shovel
Shovel	To take up and throw with a shovel; as, to shovel earth into a heap, or into a cart, or out of a pit.
Shovel	To gather up as with a shovel.
Shovelard	Shoveler.
Shovelbill	The shoveler.
Shovelboard	A board on which a game is played, by pushing or driving pieces of metal or money to reach certain marks; also, the game itself. Called also shuffleboard, shoveboard, shovegroat, shovelpenny.
Shovelboard	A game played on board ship in which the aim is to shove or drive with a cue wooden disks into divisions chalked on the deck; -- called also shuffleboard.
Shoveler	One who, or that which, shovels.
Shoveler	A river duck (Spatula clypeata), native of Europe and America. It has a large bill, broadest towards the tip. The male is handsomely variegated with green, blue, brown, black, and white on the body; the head and neck are dark green. Called also broadbill, spoonbill, shovelbill, and maiden duck. The Australian shoveler, or shovel-nosed duck (S. rhynchotis), is a similar species.
Shovelfuls	of Shovelful
Shovelful	As much as a shovel will hold; enough to fill a shovel.
Shovelhead	A shark (Sphryna tiburio) allied to the hammerhead, and native of the warmer parts of the Atlantic and Pacific oceans; -- called also bonnet shark.
Shovelnose	The common sand shark. See under Snad.
Shovelnose	A small California shark (Heptranchias maculatus), which is taken for its oil.
Shovelnose	A Pacific Ocean shark (Hexanchus corinus).
Shovelnose	A ganoid fish of the Sturgeon family (Scaphirhynchus platyrhynchus) of the Mississippi and Ohio rivers; -- called also white sturgeon.
Shovel-nosed	Having a broad, flat nose; as, the shovel-nosed duck, or shoveler.
Shoven	p. p. of Shove.
Showed	of Show
Shown	of Show
Showed	of Show
Showing	of Show
Show	To exhibit or present to view; to place in sight; to display; -- the thing exhibited being the object, and often with an indirect object denoting the person or thing seeing or beholding; as, to show a house; show your colors; shopkeepers show customers goods (show goods to customers).
Show	To exhibit to the mental view; to tell; to disclose; to reveal; to make known; as, to show one's designs.
Show	Specifically, to make known the way to (a person); hence, to direct; to guide; to asher; to conduct; as, to show a person into a parlor; to show one to the door.
Show	To make apparent or clear, as by evidence, testimony, or reasoning; to prove; to explain; also, to manifest; to evince; as, to show the truth of a statement; to show the causes of an event.
Show	To bestow; to confer; to afford; as, to show favor.
Show	To exhibit or manifest one's self or itself; to appear; to look; to be in appearance; to seem.
Show	To have a certain appearance, as well or ill, fit or unfit; to become or suit; to appear.
Show	The act of showing, or bringing to view; exposure to sight; exhibition.
Show	That which os shown, or brought to view; that which is arranged to be seen; a spectacle; an exhibition; as, a traveling show; a cattle show.
Show	Proud or ostentatious display; parade; pomp.
Show	Semblance; likeness; appearance.
Show	False semblance; deceitful appearance; pretense.
Show	A discharge, from the vagina, of mucus streaked with blood, occuring a short time before labor.
Show	A pale blue flame, at the top of a candle flame, indicating the presence of fire damp.
Showbread	Bread of exhibition; loaves to set before God; -- the term used in translating the various phrases used in the Hebrew and Greek to designate the loaves of bread which the priest of the week placed before the Lord on the golden table in the sanctuary. They were made of fine flour unleavened, and were changed every Sabbath. The loaves, twelve in number, represented the twelve tribes of Israel. They were to be eaten by the priests only, and in the Holy Place.
Shower	One who shows or exhibits.
Shower	That which shows; a mirror.
Shower	A fall or rain or hail of short duration; sometimes, but rarely, a like fall of snow.
Shower	That which resembles a shower in falling or passing through the air copiously and rapidly.
Shower	A copious supply bestowed.
Showered	of Shower
Showering	of Shower
Shower	To water with a shower; to //t copiously with rain.
Shower	To bestow liberally; to destribute or scatter in /undance; to rain.
Shower	To rain in showers; to fall, as in a hower or showers.
Showerful	Full of showers.
Showeriness	Quality of being showery.
Showerless	Rainless; freo from showers.
Showery	Raining in showers; abounding with frequent showers of rain.
Showery	Of or pertaining to a shower or showers.
Showily	In a showy manner; pompously; with parade.
Showiness	The quality or state of being showy; pompousness; great parade; ostentation.
Showing	Appearance; display; exhibition.
Showing	Presentation of facts; statement.
Showish	Showy; ostentatious.
Showmen	of Showman
Showman	One who exhibits a show; a proprietor of a show.
Shown	p. p. of Show.
Showroom	A room or apartment where a show is exhibited.
Showroom	A room where merchandise is exposed for sale, or where samples are displayed.
Showy	Making a show; attracting attention; presenting a marked appearance; ostentatious; gay; gaudy.
Shrag	A twig of a tree cut off.
Shrag	To trim, as trees; to lop.
Shragger	One who lops; one who trims trees.
Shram	To cause to shrink or shrivel with cold; to benumb.
Shrank	imp. of Shrink.
Shrap	Alt. of Shrape
Shrape	A place baited with chaff to entice birds.
Shrapnel	Applied as an appellation to a kind of shell invented by Gen. H. Shrapnel of the British army.
Shrapnel	A shrapnel shell; shrapnel shells, collectively.
Shred	A long, narrow piece cut or torn off; a strip.
Shred	In general, a fragment; a piece; a particle.
Shred	of Shred
Shredded	of Shred
Shredding	of Shred
Shred	To cut or tear into small pieces, particularly narrow and long pieces, as of cloth or leather.
Shred	To lop; to prune; to trim.
Shredcook	The fieldfare; -- so called from its harsh cry before rain.
Shredding	The act of cutting or tearing into shreds.
Shredding	That which is cut or torn off; a piece.
Shreddy	Consisting of shreds.
Shredless	Having no shreds; without a shred.
Shrew	Wicked; malicious.
Shrew	Originally, a brawling, turbulent, vexatious person of either sex, but now restricted in use to females; a brawler; a scold.
Shrew	Any small insectivore of the genus Sorex and several allied genera of the family Sorecidae. In form and color they resemble mice, but they have a longer and more pointed nose. Some of them are the smallest of all mammals.
Shrew	To beshrew; to curse.
Shrewd	Inclining to shrew; disposing to curse or scold; hence, vicious; malicious; evil; wicked; mischievous; vexatious; rough; unfair; shrewish.
Shrewd	Artful; wily; cunning; arch.
Shrewd	Able or clever in practical affairs; sharp in business; astute; sharp-witted; sagacious; keen; as, a shrewd observer; a shrewd design; a shrewd reply.
Shrewish	having the qualities of a shrew; having a scolding disposition; froward; peevish.
Shrewmouse	A shrew; especially, the erd shrew.
Shrieked	of Shriek
Shrieking	of Shriek
Shriek	To utter a loud, sharp, shrill sound or cry, as do some birds and beasts; to scream, as in a sudden fright, in horror or anguish.
Shriek	To utter sharply and shrilly; to utter in or with a shriek or shrieks.
Shriek	A sharp, shrill outcry or scream; a shrill wild cry such as is caused by sudden or extreme terror, pain, or the like.
Shrieker	One who utters a shriek.
Shrieval	Of or pertaining to a sheriff.
Shrievalty	The office, or sphere of jurisdiction, of a sheriff; sheriffalty.
Shrieve	A sheriff.
Shrieve	To shrive; to question.
Shrift	The act of shriving.
Shrift	Confession made to a priest, and the absolution consequent upon it.
Shright	imp. & p. p. of Shriek.
Shright	A shriek; shrieking.
Shrike	Any one of numerous species of oscinine birds of the family Laniidae, having a strong hooked bill, toothed at the tip. Most shrikes are insectivorous, but the common European gray shrike (Lanius excubitor), the great northern shrike (L. borealis), and several others, kill mice, small birds, etc., and often impale them on thorns, and are, on that account called also butcher birds. See under Butcher.
Shrill	Acute; sharp; piercing; having or emitting a sharp, piercing tone or sound; -- said of a sound, or of that which produces a sound.
Shrill	A shrill sound.
Shrilled	of Shrill
Shrilling	of Shrill
Shrill	To utter an acute, piercing sound; to sound with a sharp, shrill tone; to become shrill.
Shrill	To utter or express in a shrill tone; to cause to make a shrill sound.
Shrill-gorged	Having a throat which produces a shrill note.
Shrillness	The quality or state of being shrill.
Shrill-tongued	Having a shrill voice.
Shrilly	In a shrill manner; acutely; with a sharp sound or voice.
Shrilly	Somewhat shrill.
Shrimp	To contract; to shrink.
Shrimp	Any one of numerous species of macruran Crustacea belonging to Crangon and various allied genera, having a slender body and long legs. Many of them are used as food. The larger kinds are called also prawns. See Illust. of Decapoda.
Shrimp	In a more general sense, any species of the macruran tribe Caridea, or any species of the order Schizopoda, having a similar form.
Shrimp	In a loose sense, any small crustacean, including some amphipods and even certain entomostracans; as, the fairy shrimp, and brine shrimp. See under Fairy, and Brine.
Shrimp	Figuratively, a little wrinkled man; a dwarf; -- in contempt.
Shrimper	One who fishes for shrimps.
Shrine	A case, box, or receptacle, especially one in which are deposited sacred relics, as the bones of a saint.
Shrine	Any sacred place, as an altar, tromb, or the like.
Shrine	A place or object hallowed from its history or associations; as, a shrine of art.
Shrine	To enshrine; to place reverently, as in a shrine.
Shrank	of Shrink
Shrunk	of Shrink
Shrunk	of Shrink
Shrunken	of Shrink
Shrinking	of Shrink
Shrink	To wrinkle, bend, or curl; to shrivel; hence, to contract into a less extent or compass; to gather together; to become compacted.
Shrink	To withdraw or retire, as from danger; to decline action from fear; to recoil, as in fear, horror, or distress.
Shrink	To express fear, horror, or pain by contracting the body, or part of it; to shudder; to quake.
Shrink	To cause to contract or shrink; as, to shrink finnel by imersing it in boiling water.
Shrink	To draw back; to withdraw.
Shrink	The act shrinking; shrinkage; contraction; also, recoil; withdrawal.
Shrinkage	The act of shrinking; a contraction into less bulk or measurement.
Shrinkage	The amount of such contraction; the bulk or dimension lost by shrinking, as of grain, castings, etc.
Shrinkage	Decrease in value; depreciation.
Shrinker	One who shrinks; one who withdraws from danger.
Shrinking	a. & n. from Shrink.
Shrinkingly	In a shrinking manner.
Shrivalty	Shrievalty.
Shrived	of Shrive
Shrove	of Shrive
Shriven	of Shrive
Shrived	of Shrive
Shriving	of Shrive
Shrive	To hear or receive the confession of; to administer confession and absolution to; -- said of a priest as the agent.
Shrive	To confess, and receive absolution; -- used reflexively.
Shrive	To receive confessions, as a priest; to administer confession and absolution.
Shriveled	of Shrivel
Shrivelled	of Shrivel
Shriveling	of Shrivel
Shrivelling	of Shrivel
Shrivel	To draw, or be drawn, into wrinkles; to shrink, and form corrugations; as, a leaf shriveles in the hot sun; the skin shrivels with age; -- often with up.
Shrivel	To cause to shrivel or contract; to cause to shrink onto corruptions.
Shriven	p. p. of Shrive.
Shriver	One who shrives; a confessor.
Shriving	Shrift; confession.
Shroff	A banker, or changer of money.
Shroffage	The examination of coins, and the separation of the good from the debased.
Shrood	To trim; to lop.
Shroud	That which clothes, covers, conceals, or protects; a garment.
Shroud	Especially, the dress for the dead; a winding sheet.
Shroud	That which covers or shelters like a shroud.
Shroud	A covered place used as a retreat or shelter, as a cave or den; also, a vault or crypt.
Shroud	The branching top of a tree; foliage.
Shroud	A set of ropes serving as stays to support the masts. The lower shrouds are secured to the sides of vessels by heavy iron bolts and are passed around the head of the lower masts.
Shroud	One of the two annular plates at the periphery of a water wheel, which form the sides of the buckets; a shroud plate.
Shrouded	of Shroud
Shrouding	of Shroud
Shroud	To cover with a shroud; especially, to inclose in a winding sheet; to dress for the grave.
Shroud	To cover, as with a shroud; to protect completely; to cover so as to conceal; to hide; to veil.
Shroud	To take shelter or harbor.
Shroud	To lop. See Shrood.
Shrouded	Provided with a shroud or shrouds.
Shrouding	The shrouds. See Shroud, n., 7.
Shroud-laid	Composed of four strands, and laid right-handed with a heart, or center; -- said of rope. See Illust. under Cordage.
Shroudless	Without a shroud.
Shroudy	Affording shelter.
Shrove	imp. of Shrive.
Shrove	To join in the festivities of Shrovetide; hence, to make merry.
Shrovetide	The days immediately preceding Ash Widnesday, especially the period between the evening before Quinguagesima Sunday and the morning of Ash Wednesday.
Shroving	The festivity of Shrovetide.
Shrow	A shrew.
Shrowd	See Shrood.
Shrub	A liquor composed of vegetable acid, especially lemon juice, and sugar, with spirit to preserve it.
Shrub	A woody plant of less size than a tree, and usually with several stems from the same root.
Shrub	To lop; to prune.
Shrubberies	of Shrubbery
Shrubbery	A collection of shrubs.
Shrubbery	A place where shrubs are planted.
Shrubbiness	Quality of being shrubby.
Shrubby	Full of shrubs.
Shrubby	Of the nature of a shrub; resembling a shrub.
Shrubless	having no shrubs.
Shruff	Rubbish. Specifically: (a) Dross or refuse of metals. [Obs.] (b) Light, dry wood, or stuff used for fuel.
Shrugged	of Shrug
Shrugging	of Shrug
Shrug	To draw up or contract (the shoulders), especially by way of expressing dislike, dread, doubt, or the like.
Shrug	To raise or draw up the shoulders, as in expressing dislike, dread, doubt, or the like.
Shrug	A drawing up of the shoulders, -- a motion usually expressing dislike, dread, or doubt.
Shrunken	p. p. & a. from Shrink.
Shuck	A shock of grain.
Shuck	A shell, husk, or pod; especially, the outer covering of such nuts as the hickory nut, butternut, peanut, and chestnut.
Shuck	The shell of an oyster or clam.
Shucked	of Shuck
Shucking	of Shuck
Shuck	To deprive of the shucks or husks; as, to shuck walnuts, Indian corn, oysters, etc.
Shucker	One who shucks oysters or clams
Shuddered	of Shudder
Shuddering	of Shudder
Shudder	To tremble or shake with fear, horrer, or aversion; to shiver with cold; to quake.
Shudder	The act of shuddering, as with fear.
Shudderingly	In a shuddering manner.
Shude	The husks and other refuse of rice mills, used to adulterate oil cake, or linseed cake.
Shuffled	of Shuffle
Shuffling	of Shuffle
Shuffle	To shove one way and the other; to push from one to another; as, to shuffle money from hand to hand.
Shuffle	To mix by pushing or shoving; to confuse; to throw into disorder; especially, to change the relative positions of, as of the cards in a pack.
Shuffle	To remove or introduce by artificial confusion.
Shuffle	To change the relative position of cards in a pack; as, to shuffle and cut.
Shuffle	To change one's position; to shift ground; to evade questions; to resort to equivocation; to prevaricate.
Shuffle	To use arts or expedients; to make shift.
Shuffle	To move in a slovenly, dragging manner; to drag or scrape the feet in walking or dancing.
Shuffle	The act of shuffling; a mixing confusedly; a slovenly, dragging motion.
Shuffle	A trick; an artifice; an evasion.
Shuffleboard	See Shovelboard.
Shufflecap	A play performed by shaking money in a hat or cap.
Shuffler	One who shuffles.
Shuffler	Either one of the three common American scaup ducks. See Scaup duck, under Scaup.
Shufflewing	The hedg sparrow.
Shuffling	Moving with a dragging, scraping step.
Shuffling	Evasive; as, a shuffling excuse.
Shuffling	In a shuffling manner.
Shug	To writhe the body so as to produce friction against one's clothes, as do those who have the itch.
Shug	Hence, to crawl; to sneak.
Shumac	Sumac.
Shunned	of Shun
Shunning	of Shun
Shun	To avoid; to keep clear of; to get out of the way of; to escape from; to eschew; as, to shun rocks, shoals, vice.
Shunless	Not to be shunned; inevitable; unavoidable.
Shunted	of Shunt
Shunting	of Shunt
Shunt	To shun; to move from.
Shunt	To cause to move suddenly; to give a sudden start to; to shove.
Shunt	To turn off to one side; especially, to turn off, as a grain or a car upon a side track; to switch off; to shift.
Shunt	To provide with a shunt; as, to shunt a galvanometer.
Shunt	To go aside; to turn off.
Shunt	A turning off to a side or short track, that the principal track may be left free.
Shunt	A conducting circuit joining two points in a conductor, or the terminals of a galvanometer or dynamo, so as to form a parallel or derived circuit through which a portion of the current may pass, for the purpose of regulating the amount passing in the main circuit.
Shunt	The shifting of the studs on a projectile from the deep to the shallow sides of the grooves in its discharge from a shunt gun.
Shunter	A person employed to shunt cars from one track to another.
Shut	of Shut
Shutting	of Shut
Shut	To close so as to hinder ingress or egress; as, to shut a door or a gate; to shut one's eyes or mouth.
Shut	To forbid entrance into; to prohibit; to bar; as, to shut the ports of a country by a blockade.
Shut	To preclude; to exclude; to bar out.
Shut	To fold together; to close over, as the fingers; to close by bringing the parts together; as, to shut the hand; to shut a book.
Shut	To close itself; to become closed; as, the door shuts; it shuts hard.
Shut	Closed or fastened; as, a shut door.
Shut	Rid; clear; free; as, to get shut of a person.
Shut	Formed by complete closure of the mouth passage, and with the nose passage remaining closed; stopped, as are the mute consonants, p, t, k, b, d, and hard g.
Shut	Cut off sharply and abruptly by a following consonant in the same syllable, as the English short vowels, /, /, /, /, /, always are.
Shut	The act or time of shutting; close; as, the shut of a door.
Shut	A door or cover; a shutter.
Shut	The line or place where two pieces of metal are united by welding.
Shute	Same as Chute, or Shoot.
Shutter	One who shuts or closes.
Shutter	A movable cover or screen for a window, designed to shut out the light, to obstruct the view, or to be of some strength as a defense; a blind.
Shutter	A removable cover, or a gate, for closing an aperture of any kind, as for closing the passageway for molten iron from a ladle.
Shuttered	Furnished with shutters.
Shuttle	An instrument used in weaving for passing or shooting the thread of the woof from one side of the cloth to the other between the threads of the warp.
Shuttle	The sliding thread holder in a sewing machine, which carries the lower thread through a loop of the upper thread, to make a lock stitch.
Shuttle	A shutter, as for a channel for molten metal.
Shuttle	To move backwards and forwards, like a shuttle.
Shuttlecock	A cork stuck with feathers, which is to be struck by a battledoor in play; also, the play itself.
Shuttlecock	To send or toss to and fro; to bandy; as, to shuttlecock words.
Shuttlecork	See Shuttlecock.
Shuttlewise	Back and forth, like the movement of a shuttle.
Shwan-pan	See Schwan-pan.
Shy	Easily frightened; timid; as, a shy bird.
Shy	Reserved; coy; disinclined to familiar approach.
Shy	Cautious; wary; suspicious.
Shied	of Shy
Shying	of Shy
Shy	To start suddenly aside through fright or suspicion; -- said especially of horses.
Shy	To throw sidewise with a jerk; to fling; as, to shy a stone; to shy a slipper.
Shy	A sudden start aside, as by a horse.
Shy	A side throw; a throw; a fling.
Shyly	In a shy or timid manner; not familiarly; with reserve.
Shyness	The quality or state of being shy.
Shyster	A trickish knave; one who carries on any business, especially legal business, in a mean and dishonest way.
Si	A syllable applied, in solmization, to the note B; more recently, to the seventh tone of any major diatonic scale. It was added to Guido's scale by Le Maire about the end of the 17th century.
Siaga	The ahu, or jairou.
Sialogogue	An agent which promotes the flow of saliva.
Siamang	A gibbon (Hylobates syndactylus), native of Sumatra. It has the second and third toes partially united by a web.
Siamese	Of or pertaining to Siam, its native people, or their language.
Siamese	A native or inhabitant of Siam; pl., the people of Siam.
Siamese	The language of the Siamese.
Sib	A blood relation.
Sib	Related by blood; akin.
Sibbens	A contagious disease, endemic in Scotland, resembling the yaws. It is marked by ulceration of the throat and nose and by pustules and soft fungous excrescences upon the surface of the body. In the Orkneys the name is applied to the itch.
Siberian	Of or pertaining to Siberia, a region comprising all northern Asia and belonging to Russia; as, a Siberian winter.
Siberian	A native or inhabitant of Siberia.
Sibilance	Alt. of Sibilancy
Sibilancy	The quality or state of being sibilant; sibilation.
Sibilant	Making a hissing sound; uttered with a hissing sound; hissing; as, s, z, sh, and zh, are sibilant elementary sounds.
Sibilant	A sibiliant letter.
Sibilate	To pronounce with a hissing sound, like that of the letter s; to mark with a character indicating such pronunciation.
Sibilation	Utterance with a hissing sound; also, the sound itself; a hiss.
Sibilatory	Hissing; sibilant.
Sibilous	Having a hissing sound; hissing; sibilant.
Sibyl	A woman supposed to be endowed with a spirit of prophecy.
Sibyl	A female fortune teller; a pythoness; a prophetess.
Sibylist	One who believes in a sibyl or the sibylline prophecies.
Sibylline	Pertaining to the sibyls; uttered, written, or composed by sibyls; like the productions of sibyls.
Sic	Such.
Sic	Thus.
Sicamore	See Sycamore.
Sicca	A seal; a coining die; -- used adjectively to designate the silver currency of the Mogul emperors, or the Indian rupee of 192 grains.
Siccate	To dry.
Siccation	The act or process of drying.
Siccative	Drying; causing to dry.
Siccative	That which promotes drying.
Siccific	Causing dryness.
Siccity	Dryness; aridity; destitution of moisture.
Sice	The number six at dice.
Sicer	A strong drink; cider.
Sich	Such.
Sicilian	Of or pertaining to Sicily or its inhabitants.
Sicilian	A native or inhabitant of Sicily.
Siciliano	A Sicilian dance, resembling the pastorale, set to a rather slow and graceful melody in 12-8 or 6-8 measure; also, the music to the dance.
Sicilienne	A kind of rich poplin.
Sick	Affected with disease of any kind; ill; indisposed; not in health. See the Synonym under Illness.
Sick	Affected with, or attended by, nausea; inclined to vomit; as, sick at the stomach; a sick headache.
Sick	Having a strong dislike; disgusted; surfeited; -- with of; as, to be sick of flattery.
Sick	Corrupted; imperfect; impaired; weakned.
Sick	Sickness.
Sick	To fall sick; to sicken.
Sick-brained	Disordered in the brain.
Sickened	of Sicken
Sickening	of Sicken
Sicken	To make sick; to disease.
Sicken	To make qualmish; to nauseate; to disgust; as, to sicken the stomach.
Sicken	To impair; to weaken.
Sicken	To become sick; to fall into disease.
Sicken	To be filled to disgust; to be disgusted or nauseated; to be filled with abhorrence or aversion; to be surfeited or satiated.
Sicken	To become disgusting or tedious.
Sicken	To become weak; to decay; to languish.
Sickening	Causing sickness; specif., causing surfeit or disgust; nauseating.
Sicker	To percolate, trickle, or ooze, as water through a crack.
Sicker	Alt. of Siker
Siker	Sure; certain; trusty.
Sicker	Alt. of Siker
Siker	Surely; certainly.
Sickerly	Alt. of Sikerly
Sikerly	Surely; securely.
Sickerness	Alt. of Sikerness
Sikerness	The quality or state of being sicker, or certain.
Sickish	Somewhat sick or diseased.
Sickish	Somewhat sickening; as, a sickish taste.
Sickle	A reaping instrument consisting of a steel blade curved into the form of a hook, and having a handle fitted on a tang. The sickle has one side of the blade notched, so as always to sharpen with a serrated edge.  Cf. Reaping hook, under Reap.
Sickle	A group of stars in the constellation Leo. See Illust. of Leo.
Sicklebill	Any one of three species of humming birds of the genus Eutoxeres, native of Central and South America. They have a long and strongly curved bill. Called also the sickle-billed hummer.
Sicklebill	A curlew.
Sicklebill	A bird of the genus Epimachus and allied genera.
Sickled	Furnished with a sickle.
Sicklemen	of Sickleman
Sickleman	One who uses a sickle; a reaper.
Sickler	One who uses a sickle; a sickleman; a reaper.
Sickless	Free from sickness.
Sicklewort	A plant of the genus Coronilla (C. scorpioides); -- so named from its curved pods.
Sicklewort	The healall (Brunella vulgaris).
Sicklied	Made sickly. See Sickly, v.
Sickliness	The quality or state of being sickly.
Sickly	Somewhat sick; disposed to illness; attended with disease; as, a sickly body.
Sickly	Producing, or tending to, disease; as, a sickly autumn; a sickly climate.
Sickly	Appearing as if sick; weak; languid; pale.
Sickly	Tending to produce nausea; sickening; as, a sickly smell; sickly sentimentality.
Sickly	In a sick manner or condition; ill.
Sickly	To make sick or sickly; -- with over, and probably only in the past participle.
Sickness	The quality or state of being sick or diseased; illness; sisease or malady.
Sickness	Nausea; qualmishness; as, sickness of stomach.
Sicle	A shekel.
Sida	A genus of malvaceous plants common in the tropics. All the species are mucilaginous, and some have tough ligneous fibers which are used as a substitute for hemp and flax.
Siddow	Soft; pulpy.
Side	The margin, edge, verge, or border of a surface; especially (when the thing spoken of is somewhat oblong in shape), one of the longer edges as distinguished from the shorter edges, called ends; a bounding line of a geometrical figure; as, the side of a field, of a square or triangle, of a river, of a road, etc.
Side	Any outer portion of a thing considered apart from, and yet in relation to, the rest; as, the upper side of a sphere; also, any part or position viewed as opposite to or contrasted with another; as, this or that side.
Side	One of the halves of the body, of an animals or man, on either side of the mesial plane; or that which pertains to such a half; as, a side of beef; a side of sole leather.
Side	The right or left part of the wall or trunk of the body; as, a pain in the side.
Side	A slope or declivity, as of a hill, considered as opposed to another slope over the ridge.
Side	The position of a person or party regarded as opposed to another person or party, whether as a rival or a foe; a body of advocates or partisans; a party; hence, the interest or cause which one maintains against another; a doctrine or view opposed to another.
Side	A line of descent traced through one parent as distinguished from that traced through another.
Side	Fig.: Aspect or part regarded as contrasted with some other; as, the bright side of poverty.
Side	Of or pertaining to a side, or the sides; being on the side, or toward the side; lateral.
Side	Hence, indirect; oblique; collateral; incidental; as, a side issue; a side view or remark.
Side	Long; large; extensive.
Sided	of Side
Siding	of Side
Side	To lean on one side.
Side	To embrace the opinions of one party, or engage in its interest, in opposition to another party; to take sides; as, to side with the ministerial party.
Side	To be or stand at the side of; to be on the side toward.
Side	To suit; to pair; to match.
Side	To work (a timber or rib) to a certain thickness by trimming the sides.
Side	To furnish with a siding; as, to side a house.
Sideboard	A piece of dining-room furniture having compartments and shelves for keeping or displaying articles of table service.
Sidebone	A morbid growth or deposit of bony matter and at the sides of the coronet and coffin bone of a horse.
Sided	Having (such or so many) sides; -- used in composition; as, one-sided; many-sided.
Sidehill	The side or slope of a hill; sloping ground; a descent.
Sideling	Sidelong; on the side; laterally; also, obliquely; askew.
Sideling	Inclining to one side; directed toward one side; sloping; inclined; as, sideling ground.
Sidelong	Laterally; obliquely; in the direction of the side.
Sidelong	On the side; as, to lay a thing sidelong.
Sidelong	Lateral; oblique; not being directly in front; as, a sidelong glance.
Sidepiece	The jamb, or cheek, of an opening in a wall, as of door or window.
Sider	One who takes a side.
Sider	Cider.
Sideral	Relating to the stars.
Sideral	Affecting unfavorably by the supposed influence of the stars; baleful.
Siderated	Planet-struck; blasted.
Sideration	The state of being siderated, or planet-struck; esp., blast in plants; also, a sudden and apparently causeless stroke of disease, as in apoplexy or paralysis.
Sidereal	Relating to the stars; starry; astral; as, sidereal astronomy.
Sidereal	Measuring by the apparent motion of the stars; designated, marked out, or accompanied, by a return to the same position in respect to the stars; as, the sidereal revolution of a planet; a sidereal day.
Siderealize	To elevate to the stars, or to the region of the stars; to etherealize.
Sidereous	Sidereal.
Siderite	Carbonate of iron, an important ore of iron occuring generally in cleavable masses, but also in rhombohedral crystals. It is of a light yellowish brown color. Called also sparry iron, spathic iron.
Siderite	A meteorite consisting solely of metallic iron.
Siderite	An indigo-blue variety of quartz.
Siderite	Formerly, magnetic iron ore, or loadstone.
Siderite	Any plant of the genus Sideritis; ironwort.
Siderographic	Alt. of Siderographical
Siderographical	Of or pertaining to siderography; executed by engraved plates of steel; as, siderographic art; siderographic impressions.
Siderographist	One skilled in siderography.
Siderography	The art or practice of steel engraving; especially, the process, invented by Perkins, of multiplying facsimiles of an engraved steel plate by first rolling over it, when hardened, a soft steel cylinder, and then rolling the cylinder, when hardened, over a soft steel plate, which thus becomes a facsimile of the original. The process has been superseded by electrotypy.
Siderolite	A kind of meteorite. See under Meteorite.
Sideromancy	Divination by burning straws on red-hot iron, and noting the manner of their burning.
Sideroscope	An instrument for detecting small quantities of iron in any substance by means of a very delicate combination of magnetic needles.
Siderosis	A sort of pneumonia occuring in iron workers, produced by the inhalation of particles of iron.
Siderostat	An apparatus consisting essentially of a mirror moved by clockwork so as to throw the rays of the sun or a star in a fixed direction; -- a more general term for heliostat.
Sideroxylon	A genus of tropical sapotaceous trees noted for their very hard wood; ironwood.
Sidesaddle	A saddle for women, in which the rider sits with both feet on one side of the animal mounted.
Sidesmen	of Sidesman
Sidesman	A party man; a partisan.
Sidesman	An assistant to the churchwarden; a questman.
Side-taking	A taking sides, as with a party, sect, or faction.
Sidewalk	A walk for foot passengers at the side of a street or road; a foot pavement.
Sideways	Toward the side; sidewise.
Side-wheel	Having a paddle wheel on each side; -- said of steam vessels; as, a side-wheel steamer.
Sidewinder	See Horned rattler, under Horned.
Sidewinder	A heavy swinging blow from the side, which disables an adversary.
Sidewise	On or toward one side; laterally; sideways.
Siding	Attaching one's self to a party.
Siding	A side track, as a railroad; a turnout.
Siding	The covering of the outside wall of a frame house, whether made of weatherboards, vertical boarding with cleats, shingles, or the like.
Siding	The thickness of a rib or timber, measured, at right angles with its side, across the curved edge; as, a timber having a siding of ten inches.
Sidled	of Sidle
Sidling	of Sidle
Sidle	To go or move with one side foremost; to move sidewise; as, to sidle through a crowd or narrow opening.
Siege	A seat; especially, a royal seat; a throne.
Siege	Hence, place or situation; seat.
Siege	Rank; grade; station; estimation.
Siege	Passage of excrements; stool; fecal matter.
Siege	The sitting of an army around or before a fortified place for the purpose of compelling the garrison to surrender; the surrounding or investing of a place by an army, and approaching it by passages and advanced works, which cover the besiegers from the enemy's fire. See the Note under Blockade.
Siege	Hence, a continued attempt to gain possession.
Siege	The floor of a glass-furnace.
Siege	A workman's bench.
Siege	To besiege; to beset.
Siegework	A temporary fort or parallel where siege guns are mounted.
Siemens-Martin process	See Open-hearth process, etc., under Open.
Sienite	See Syenite.
Sienitic	See Syenitic.
Sienna	Clay that is colored red or brown by the oxides of iron or manganese, and used as a pigment. It is used either in the raw state or burnt.
Siennese	Of or pertaining to Sienna, a city of Italy.
Sierra	A ridge of mountain and craggy rocks, with a serrated or irregular outline; as, the Sierra Nevada.
Siesta	A short sleep taken about the middle of the day, or after dinner; a midday nap.
Sieur	Sir; -- a title of respect used by the French.
Sieva	A small variety of the Lima bean (Phaseolus lunatus).
Sieve	A utensil for separating the finer and coarser parts of a pulverized or granulated substance from each other. It consist of a vessel, usually shallow, with the bottom perforated, or made of hair, wire, or the like, woven in meshes.
Sieve	A kind of coarse basket.
Sifac	The white indris of Madagascar. It is regarded by the natives as sacred.
Sifflement	The act of whistling or hissing; a whistling sound; sibilation.
Sifilet	The six-shafted bird of paradise. See Paradise bird, under Paradise.
Sifted	of Sift
Sifting	of Sift
Sift	To separate with a sieve, as the fine part of a substance from the coarse; as, to sift meal or flour; to sift powder; to sift sand or lime.
Sift	To separate or part as if with a sieve.
Sift	To examine critically or minutely; to scrutinize.
Sifter	One who, or that which, sifts.
Sifter	Any lamellirostral bird, as a duck or goose; -- so called because it sifts or strains its food from the water and mud by means of the lamell/ of the beak.
Sig	Urine.
Sigaultian	Pertaining to Sigault, a French physician. See Symphyseotomy.
Sigger	Same as
Sighed	of Sigh
Sighing	of Sigh
Sigh	To inhale a larger quantity of air than usual, and immediately expel it; to make a deep single audible respiration, especially as the result or involuntary expression of fatigue, exhaustion, grief, sorrow, or the like.
Sigh	Hence, to lament; to grieve.
Sigh	To make a sound like sighing.
Sigh	To exhale (the breath) in sighs.
Sigh	To utter sighs over; to lament or mourn over.
Sigh	To express by sighs; to utter in or with sighs.
Sigh	A deep and prolonged audible inspiration or respiration of air, as when fatigued or grieved; the act of sighing.
Sigh	Figuratively, a manifestation of grief; a lan/ent.
Sigh-born	Sorrowful; mournful.
Sigher	One who sighs.
Sighing	Uttering sighs; grieving; lamenting.
Sight	The act of seeing; perception of objects by the eye; view; as, to gain sight of land.
Sight	The power of seeing; the faculty of vision, or of perceiving objects by the instrumentality of the eyes.
Sight	The state of admitting unobstructed vision; visibility; open view; region which the eye at one time surveys; space through which the power of vision extends; as, an object within sight.
Sight	A spectacle; a view; a show; something worth seeing.
Sight	The instrument of seeing; the eye.
Sight	Inspection; examination; as, a letter intended for the sight of only one person.
Sight	Mental view; opinion; judgment; as, in their sight it was harmless.
Sight	A small aperture through which objects are to be seen, and by which their direction is settled or ascertained; as, the sight of a quadrant.
Sight	A small piece of metal, fixed or movable, on the breech, muzzle, center, or trunnion of a gun, or on the breech and the muzzle of a rifle, pistol, etc., by means of which the eye is guided in aiming.
Sight	In a drawing, picture, etc., that part of the surface, as of paper or canvas, which is within the frame or the border or margin. In a frame or the like, the open space, the opening.
Sight	A great number, quantity, or sum; as, a sight of money.
Sighted	of Sight
Sighting	of Sight
Sight	To get sight of; to see; as, to sight land; to sight a wreck.
Sight	To look at through a sight; to see accurately; as, to sight an object, as a star.
Sight	To apply sights to; to adjust the sights of; also, to give the proper elevation and direction to by means of a sight; as, to sight a rifle or a cannon.
Sight	To take aim by a sight.
Sighted	Having sight, or seeing, in a particular manner; -- used in composition; as, long-sighted, short-sighted, quick-sighted, sharp-sighted, and the like.
Sightful	Easily or clearly seen; distinctly visible; perspicuous.
Sightfulness	The state of being sightful; perspicuity.
Sight-hole	A hole for looking through; a peephole.
Sighting	a. & n. from Sight, v. t.
Sightless	Wanting sight; without sight; blind.
Sightless	That can not be seen; invisible.
Sightless	Offensive or unpleasing to the eye; unsightly; as, sightless stains.
Sightliness	The state of being sightly; comeliness; conspicuousness.
Sightly	Pleasing to the sight; comely.
Sightly	Open to sight; conspicuous; as, a house stands in a sightly place.
Sightproof	Undiscoverable to sight.
Sight-seeing	Engaged in, or given to, seeing sights; eager for novelties or curiosities.
Sight-seeing	The act of seeing sights; eagerness for novelties or curiosities.
Sight-seer	One given to seeing sights or noted things, or eager for novelties or curiosities.
Sight-shot	Distance to which the sight can reach or be thrown.
Sightsmen	of Sightsman
Sightsman	One who reads or performs music readily at first sight.
Sigil	A seal; a signature.
Sigillaria	Little images or figures of earthenware exposed for sale, or given as presents, on the last two days of the Saturnalia; hence, the last two, or the sixth and seventh, days of the Saturnalia.
Sigillaria	A genus of fossil trees principally found in the coal formation; -- so named from the seallike leaf scars in vertical rows on the surface.
Sigillarid	One of an extinct family of cryptagamous trees, including the genus Sigillaria and its allies.
Sigillated	Decorated by means of stamps; -- said of pottery.
Sigillative	Fit to seal; belonging to a seal; composed of wax.
Sigilla	of Sigillum
Sigillum	A seal.
Sigla	The signs, abbreviations, letters, or characters standing for words, shorthand, etc., in ancient manuscripts, or on coins, medals, etc.
Sigmas	of Sigma
Sigma	The Greek letter /, /, or / (English S, or s). It originally had the form of the English C.
Sigmodont	Any one of a tribe (Sigmodontes) of rodents which includes all the indigenous rats and mice of America. So called from the form of the ridges of enamel on the crowns of the worn molars. Also used adjectively.
Sigmoid	Alt. of Sigmoidal
Sigmoidal	Curved in two directions, like the letter S, or the Greek /.
Sigmoidally	In a sigmoidal manner.
Sign	That by which anything is made known or represented; that which furnishes evidence; a mark; a token; an indication; a proof.
Sign	A remarkable event, considered by the ancients as indicating the will of some deity; a prodigy; an omen.
Sign	An event considered by the Jews as indicating the divine will, or as manifesting an interposition of the divine power for some special end; a miracle; a wonder.
Sign	Something serving to indicate the existence, or preserve the memory, of a thing; a token; a memorial; a monument.
Sign	Any symbol or emblem which prefigures, typifles, or represents, an idea; a type; hence, sometimes, a picture.
Sign	A word or a character regarded as the outward manifestation of thought; as, words are the sign of ideas.
Sign	A motion, an action, or a gesture by which a thought is expressed, or a command or a wish made known.
Sign	Hence, one of the gestures of pantomime, or of a language of a signs such as those used by the North American Indians, or those used by the deaf and dumb.
Sign	A military emblem carried on a banner or a standard.
Sign	A lettered board, or other conspicuous notice, placed upon or before a building, room, shop, or office to advertise the business there transacted, or the name of the person or firm carrying it on; a publicly displayed token or notice.
Sign	The twelfth part of the ecliptic or zodiac.
Sign	A character indicating the relation of quantities, or an operation performed upon them; as, the sign + (plus); the sign -- (minus); the sign of division , and the like.
Sign	An objective evidence of disease; that is, one appreciable by some one other than the patient.
Sign	Any character, as a flat, sharp, dot, etc.
Sign	That which, being external, stands for, or signifies, something internal or spiritual; -- a term used in the Church of England in speaking of an ordinance considered with reference to that which it represents.
Signed	of Sign
Signing	of Sign
Sign	To represent by a sign; to make known in a typical or emblematic manner, in distinction from speech; to signify.
Sign	To make a sign upon; to mark with a sign.
Sign	To affix a signature to; to ratify by hand or seal; to subscribe in one's own handwriting.
Sign	To assign or convey formally; -- used with away.
Sign	To mark; to make distinguishable.
Sign	To be a sign or omen.
Sign	To make a sign or signal; to communicate directions or intelligence by signs.
Sign	To write one's name, esp. as a token of assent, responsibility, or obligation.
Signable	Suitable to be signed; requiring signature; as, a legal document signable by a particular person.
Signal	A sign made for the purpose of giving notice to a person of some occurence, command, or danger; also, a sign, event, or watchword, which has been agreed upon as the occasion of concerted action.
Signal	A token; an indication; a foreshadowing; a sign.
Signal	Noticeable; distinguished from what is ordinary; eminent; remarkable; memorable; as, a signal exploit; a signal service; a signal act of benevolence.
Signal	Of or pertaining to signals, or the use of signals in conveying information; as, a signal flag or officer.
Signaled (/) or Signalled	or Signalled</B> (<I>imp. & p. p.</I>) of Signal
Signaling	of Signal
Signalling	of Signal
Signal	To communicate by signals; as, to signal orders.
Signal	To notify by a signals; to make a signal or signals to; as, to signal a fleet to anchor.
Signalist	One who makes signals; one who communicates intelligence by means of signals.
Signality	The quality or state of being signal or remarkable.
Signalized	of Signalize
Signalizing	of Signalize
Signalize	To make signal or eminent; to render distinguished from what is common; to distinguish.
Signalize	To communicate with by means of a signal; as, a ship signalizes its consort.
Signalize	To indicate the existence, presence, or fact of, by a signal; as, to signalize the arrival of a steamer.
Signally	In a signal manner; eminently.
-men	of Signalman
Signalman	A man whose business is to manage or display signals; especially, one employed in setting the signals by which railroad trains are run or warned.
Signalment	The act of signaling, or of signalizing; hence, description by peculiar, appropriate, or characteristic marks.
Signate	Having definite color markings.
Signation	Sign given; marking.
Signatory	Relating to a seal; used in sealing.
Signatory	Signing; joining or sharing in a signature; as, signatory powers.
-ries	of Signatory
Signatory	A signer; one who signs or subscribes; as, a conference of signatories.
Signature	A sign, stamp, or mark impressed, as by a seal.
Signature	Especially, the name of any person, written with his own hand, employed to signify that the writing which precedes accords with his wishes or intentions; a sign manual; an autograph.
Signature	An outward mark by which internal characteristics were supposed to be indicated.
Signature	A resemblance between the external characters of a disease and those of some physical agent, for instance, that existing between the red skin of scarlet fever and a red cloth; -- supposed to indicate this agent in the treatment of the disease.
Signature	The designation of the key (when not C major, or its relative, A minor) by means of one or more sharps or flats at the beginning of the staff, immediately after the clef, affecting all notes of the same letter throughout the piece or movement. Each minor key has the same signature as its relative major.
Signature	A letter or figure placed at the bottom of the first page of each sheet of a book or pamphlet, as a direction to the binder in arranging and folding the sheets.
Signature	The printed sheet so marked, or the form from which it is printed; as, to reprint one or more signatures.
Signature	That part of a prescription which contains the directions to the patient. It is usually prefaced by S or Sig. (an abbreviation for the Latin signa, imperative of signare to sign or mark).
Signature	To mark with, or as with, a signature or signatures.
Signaturist	One who holds to the doctrine of signatures impressed upon objects, indicative of character or qualities.
Signboard	A board, placed on or before a shop, office, etc., on which ssome notice is given, as the name of a firm, of a business, or the like.
Signer	One who signs or subscribes his name; as, a memorial with a hundred signers.
Signet	A seal; especially, in England, the seal used by the sovereign in sealing private letters and grants that pass by bill under the sign manual; -- called also privy signet.
Signeted	Stamped or marked with a signet.
Signifer	Bearing signs.
Significance	Alt. of Significancy
Significancy	The quality or state of being significant.
Significancy	That which is signified; meaning; import; as, the significance of a nod, of a motion of the hand, or of a word or expression.
Significancy	Importance; moment; weight; consequence.
Significant	Fitted or designed to signify or make known somethingl having a meaning; standing as a sign or token; expressive or suggestive; as, a significant word or sound; a significant look.
Significant	Deserving to be considered; important; momentous; as, a significant event.
Significant	That which has significance; a sign; a token; a symbol.
Significantly	In a significant manner.
Significate	One of several things signified by a common term.
Signification	The act of signifying; a making known by signs or other means.
Signification	That which is signified or made known; that meaning which a sign, character, or token is intended to convey; as, the signification of words.
Significative	Betokening or representing by an external sign.
Significative	Having signification or meaning; expressive of a meaning or purpose; significant.
Significator	One who, or that which, signifies.
Significatory	Significant.
Significatory	That which is significatory.
Significavit	Formerly, a writ issuing out of chancery, upon certificate given by the ordinary, of a man's standing excommunicate by the space of forty days, for the laying him up in prison till he submit himself to the authority of the church.
Signified	of Signify
Signifying	of Signify
Signify	To show by a sign; to communicate by any conventional token, as words, gestures, signals, or the like; to announce; to make known; to declare; to express; as, a signified his desire to be present.
Signify	To mean; to import; to denote; to betoken.
Signior	Sir; Mr. The English form and pronunciation for the Italian Signor and the Spanish Seor.
Signiorize	To exercise dominion over; to lord it over.
Signiorize	To exercise dominion; to seigniorize.
Signiorship	State or position of a signior.
Signiory	Same as Seigniory.
Signor	Alt. of Signore
Signore	Sir; Mr.; -- a title of address or respect among the Italians. Before a noun the form is Signor.
Signora	Madam; Mrs; -- a title of address or respect among the Italians.
Signorina	Miss; -- a title of address among the Italians.
Signpost	A post on which a sign hangs, or on which papers are placed to give public notice of anything.
Sik	Alt. of Sike
Sike	Such. See Such.
Sike	A gutter; a stream, such as is usually dry in summer.
Sike	A sick person.
Sike	To sigh.
Sike	A sigh.
Siker	Alt. of Sikerness
Sikerly	Alt. of Sikerness
Sikerness	See 2d Sicker, Sickerly, etc.
Sikhs	A religious sect noted for warlike traits, founded in the Punjab at the end of the 15th century.
Silage	Short for Ensilage.
Sile	To strain, as fresh milk.
Sile	To drop; to flow; to fall.
Sile	A sieve with fine meshes.
Sile	Filth; sediment.
Sile	A young or small herring.
Silence	The state of being silent; entire absence of sound or noise; absolute stillness.
Silence	Forbearance from, or absence of, speech; taciturnity; muteness.
Silence	Secrecy; as, these things were transacted in silence.
Silence	The cessation of rage, agitation, or tumilt; calmness; quiest; as, the elements were reduced to silence.
Silence	Absence of mention; oblivion.
Silence	Be silent; -- used elliptically for let there be silence, or keep silence.
Silenced	of Silence
Silencing	of Silence
Silence	To compel to silence; to cause to be still; to still; to hush.
Silence	To put to rest; to quiet.
Silence	To restrain from the exercise of any function, privilege of instruction, or the like, especially from the act of preaching; as, to silence a minister of the gospel.
Silence	To cause to cease firing, as by a vigorous cannonade; as, to silence the batteries of an enemy.
Silene	A genus of caryophyllaceous plants, usually covered with a viscid secretion by which insects are caught; catchfly.
Silent	Free from sound or noise; absolutely still; perfectly quiet.
Silent	Not speaking; indisposed to talk; speechless; mute; taciturn; not loquacious; not talkative.
Silent	Keeping at rest; inactive; calm; undisturbed; as, the wind is silent.
Silent	Not pronounced; having no sound; quiescent; as, e is silent in "fable."
Silent	Having no effect; not operating; inefficient.
Silent	That which is silent; a time of silence.
Silentiary	One appointed to keep silence and order in court; also, one sworn not to divulge secrets of state.
Silentious	Habitually silent; taciturn; reticent.
Silently	In a silent manner.
Silentness	State of being silent; silence.
Silenus	See Wanderoo.
Silesia	A kind of linen cloth, originally made in Silesia, a province of Prussia.
Silesia	A twilled cotton fabric, used for dress linings.
Silesian	Of or pertaining to Silesia.
Silesian	A native or inhabitant of Silesia.
Silex	Silica, SiO2 as found in nature, constituting quarz, and most sands and sandstones. See Silica, and Silicic.
Silhouette	A representation of the outlines of an object filled in with a black color; a profile portrait in black, such as a shadow appears to be.
Silhouette	To represent by a silhouette; to project upon a background, so as to be like a silhouette.
Silica	Silicon dioxide, SiO/. It constitutes ordinary quartz (also opal and tridymite), and is artifically prepared as a very fine, white, tasteless, inodorous powder.
Silicate	A salt of silicic acid.
Silicated	Combined or impregnated with silicon or silica; as, silicated hydrogen; silicated rocks.
Silicatization	Silicification.
Silicea	Same as Silicoidea.
Siliceous	Of or pertaining to silica; containing silica, or partaking of its nature.
Silicic	Pertaining to, derived from, or resembling, silica; specifically, designating compounds of silicon; as, silicic acid.
Silicicalcareous	Consisting of silica and calcareous matter.
Silicide	A binary compound of silicon, or one regarded as binary.
Siliciferous	Producing silica; united with silica.
Silicification	Thae act or process of combining or impregnating with silicon or silica; the state of being so combined or impregnated; as, the silicification of wood.
Silicified	Combined or impregnated with silicon or silica, especially the latter; as, silicified wood.
Silicified	of Silicify
Silicifying	of Silicify
Silicify	To convert into, or to impregnate with, silica, or with the compounds of silicon.
Silicify	To become converted into silica, or to be impregnated with silica.
Silicioidea	Same as Silicoidea.
Silicious	See Siliceous.
Silicispongiae	Same as Silicoidea.
Silicited	Silicified.
Silicium	See Silicon.
Siliciureted	Combined or impregnated with silicon.
Silicle	A seed vessel resembling a silique, but about as broad as it is long. See Silique.
Silico-	A combining form (also used adjectively) denoting the presence of silicon or its compounds; as, silicobenzoic, silicofluoride, etc.
Silicofluoric	Containing, or composed of, silicon and fluorine; especially, denoting the compounds called silicofluorides.
Silicofluoride	A fluosilicate; a salt of silicofluoric acid.
Silicoidea	An extensive order of Porifera, which includes those that have the skeleton composed mainly of siliceous fibers or spicules.
Silicon	A nonmetalic element analogous to carbon. It always occurs combined in nature, and is artificially obtained in the free state, usually as a dark brown amorphous powder, or as a dark crystalline substance with a meetallic luster. Its oxide is silica, or common quartz, and in this form, or as silicates, it is, next to oxygen, the most abundant element of the earth's crust. Silicon is characteristically the element of the mineral kingdom, as carbon is of the organic world. Symbol Si. Atomic weight 28. Called also silicium.
Silicotungstic	Of, pertaining to, or designating, any one of a series of double acids of silicon and tungsten, known in the free state, and also in their salts (called silicotungstates).
Silicula	A silicle.
Silicule	A silicle.
Siliculose	Bearing silicles; pertaining to, or resembling, silicles.
Siliculose	Full of, or consisting of, husks; husky.
Siliginose	Made of fine wheat.
Siling	a. & n. from Sile to strain.
Siliquae	of Siliqua
Siliqua	Same as Silique.
Siliqua	A weight of four grains; a carat; -- a term used by jewelers, and refiners of gold.
Silique	An oblong or elongated seed vessel, consisting of two valves with a dissepiment between, and opening by sutures at either margin. The seeds are attached to both edges of the dissepiment, alternately upon each side of it.
Siliqyiform	Having the form of a silique.
Siliquosa	A Linnaean order of plants including those which bear siliques.
Siliquose	Alt. of Siliquous
Siliquous	Bearing siliques; as, siliquose plants; pertaining to, or resembling, siliques; as, siliquose capsules.
Silk	The fine, soft thread produced by various species of caterpillars in forming the cocoons within which the worm is inclosed during the pupa state, especially that produced by the larvae of Bombyx mori.
Silk	Hence, thread spun, or cloth woven, from the above-named material.
Silk	That which resembles silk, as the filiform styles of the female flower of maize.
Silken	Of or pertaining to silk; made of, or resembling, silk; as, silken cloth; a silken veil.
Silken	Fig.: Soft; delicate; tender; smooth; as, silken language.
Silken	Dressed in silk.
Silken	To render silken or silklike.
Silkiness	The quality or state of being silky or silken; softness and smoothness.
Silkiness	Fig.: Effeminacy; weakness.
Silkmen	of Silkman
Silkman	A dealer in silks; a silk mercer.
Silkness	Silkiness.
Silkweed	Any plant of the genera Asclepias and Acerates whose seed vessels contain a long, silky down; milkweed.
Silkworm	The larva of any one of numerous species of bombycid moths, which spins a large amount of strong silk in constructing its cocoon before changing to a pupa.
Silky	Of or pertaining to silk; made of, or resembling, silk; silken; silklike; as, a silky luster.
Silky	Hence, soft and smooth; as, silky wine.
Silky	Covered with soft hairs pressed close to the surface, as a leaf; sericeous.
Sill	The basis or foundation of a thing; especially, a horizontal piece, as a timber, which forms the lower member of a frame, or supports a structure; as, the sills of a house, of a bridge, of a loom, and the like.
Sill	The timber or stone at the foot of a door; the threshold.
Sill	The timber or stone on which a window frame stands; or, the lowest piece in a window frame.
Sill	The floor of a gallery or passage in a mine.
Sill	A piece of timber across the bottom of a canal lock for the gates to shut against.
Sill	The shaft or thill of a carriage.
Sill	A young herring.
Sillabub	A dish made by mixing wine or cider with milk, and thus forming a soft curd; also, sweetened cream, flavored with wine and beaten to a stiff froth.
Siller	Silver.
Sillily	In a silly manner; foolishly.
Sillimanite	Same as Fibrolite.
Silliness	The quality or state of being silly.
Sillock	The pollock, or coalfish.
Sillon	A work raised in the middle of a wide ditch, to defend it.
Silly	Happy; fortunate; blessed.
Silly	Harmless; innocent; inoffensive.
Silly	Weak; helpless; frail.
Silly	Rustic; plain; simple; humble.
Silly	Weak in intellect; destitute of ordinary strength of mind; foolish; witless; simple; as, a silly woman.
Silly	Proceeding from want of understanding or common judgment; characterized by weakness or folly; unwise; absurd; stupid; as, silly conduct; a silly question.
Sillyhow	A caul. See Caul, n., 3.
Silo	A pit or vat for packing away green fodder for winter use so as to exclude air and outside moisture. See Ensilage.
Silt	Mud or fine earth deposited from running or standing water.
Silted	of Silt
Silting	of Silt
Silt	To choke, fill, or obstruct with silt or mud.
Silt	To flow through crevices; to percolate.
Silty	Full of silt; resembling silt.
Silure	A fish of the genus Silurus, as the sheatfish; a siluroid.
Silurian	Of or pertaining to the country of the ancient Silures; -- a term applied to the earliest of the Paleozoic eras, and also to the strata of the era, because most plainly developed in that country.
Silurian	The Silurian age.
Siluridan	Any fish of the family Siluridae or of the order Siluroidei.
Siluroid	Belonging to the Siluroidei, or Nematognathi, an order of fishes including numerous species, among which are the American catfishes and numerous allied fresh-water species of the Old World, as the sheatfish (Silurus glanis) of Europe.
Siluroid	A siluroid fish.
Siluroidei	An order of fishes, the Nematognathi.
Silurus	A genus of large malacopterygious fishes of the order Siluroidei. They inhabit the inland waters of Europe and Asia.
Silvas	of Silva
Silvae	of Silva
Silva	The forest trees of a region or country, considered collectively.
Silva	A description or history of the forest trees of a country.
Silvan	Of or pertaining to woods; composed of woods or groves; woody.
Silvan	See Sylvanium.
Silvanite	See Sylvanite.
Silvas	Alt. of Selvas
Selvas	Vast woodland plains of South America.
Silvate	Same as Sylvate.
Silver	A soft white metallic element, sonorous, ductile, very malleable, and capable of a high degree of polish. It is found native, and also combined with sulphur, arsenic, antimony, chlorine, etc., in the minerals argentite, proustite, pyrargyrite, ceragyrite, etc.  Silver is one of the "noble" metals, so-called, not being easily oxidized, and is used for coin, jewelry, plate, and a great variety of articles. Symbol Ag (Argentum). Atomic weight 107.7. Specific gravity 10.5.
Silver	Coin made of silver; silver money.
Silver	Anything having the luster or appearance of silver.
Silver	The color of silver.
Silver	Of or pertaining to silver; made of silver; as, silver leaf; a silver cup.
Silver	Resembling silver.
Silver	Bright; resplendent; white.
Silver	Precious; costly.
Silver	Giving a clear, ringing sound soft and clear.
Silver	Sweet; gentle; peaceful.
Silvered	of Silver
Silvering	of Silver
Silver	To cover with silver; to give a silvery appearance to by applying a metal of a silvery color; as, to silver a pin; to silver a glass mirror plate with an amalgam of tin and mercury.
Silver	To polish like silver; to impart a brightness to, like that of silver.
Silver	To make hoary, or white, like silver.
Silver	To acquire a silvery color.
Silverback	The knot.
Silverberry	A tree or shrub (Elaeagnus argentea) with silvery foliage and fruit.
Silverbill	An Old World finch of the genus Minia, as the M. Malabarica of India, and M. cantans of Africa.
Silverboom	See Leucadendron.
Silverfin	A small North American fresh-water cyprinoid fish (Notropis Whipplei).
Silverfish	The tarpum.
Silverfish	A white variety of the goldfish.
Silver-gray	Having a gray color with a silvery luster; as, silver-gray hair.
Silveriness	The state of being silvery.
Silvering	The art or process of covering metals, wood, paper, glass, etc., with a thin film of metallic silver, or a substance resembling silver; also, the firm do laid on; as, the silvering of a glass speculum.
Silverized	of Silverize
Silverizing	of Silverize
Silverize	To cover with silver.
Silverless	Having no silcver; hence, without money; impecunious.
Silverling	A small silver coin.
Silverly	Like silver in appearance or in sound.
Silvern	Made of silver.
Silversides	Any one of several species of small fishes of the family Atherinidae, having a silvery stripe along each side of the body. The common species of the American coast (Menidia notata) is very abundant. Called also silverside, sand smelt, friar, tailor, and tinker.
Silversmith	One whose occupation is to manufacture utensils, ornaments, etc., of silver; a worker in silver.
Silverspot	Any one of numerous species of butterflies of the genus Argynnis and allied genera, having silvery spots on the under side of the wings. See Illust. under Aphrodite.
Silverware	Dishes, vases, ornaments, and utensils of various sorts, made of silver.
Silverweed	A perennial rosaceous herb (Potentilla Anserina) having the leaves silvery white beneath.
Silvery	Resembling, or having the luster of, silver; grayish white and lustrous; of a mild luster; bright.
Silvery	Besprinkled or covered with silver.
Silvery	Having the clear, musical tone of silver; soft and clear in sound; as, silvery voices; a silvery laugh.
Silviculture	See Sylviculture.
Sima	A cyma.
Simagre	A grimace.
Simar	A woman's long dress or robe; also light covering; a scarf.
Simarre	See Simar.
Simblot	The harness of a drawloom.
Simia	A Linnaean genus of Quadrumana which included the types of numerous modern genera. By modern writers it is usually restricted to the genus which includes the orang-outang.
Simial	Simian; apelike.
Simian	Of or pertaining to the family Simiadae, which, in its widest sense, includes all the Old World apes and monkeys; also, apelike.
Simian	Any Old World monkey or ape.
Similar	Exactly corresponding; resembling in all respects; precisely like.
Similar	Nearly corresponding; resembling in many respects; somewhat like; having a general likeness.
Similar	Homogenous; uniform.
Similar	That which is similar to, or resembles, something else, as in quality, form, etc.
-ties	of Similarity
Similarity	The quality or state of being similar; likeness; resemblance; as, a similarity of features.
Similarly	In a similar manner.
Similary	Similar.
Similative	Implying or indicating likeness or resemblance.
Similes	of Simile
Simile	A word or phrase by which anything is likened, in one or more of its aspects, to something else; a similitude; a poetical or imaginative comparison.
Similiter	The technical name of the form by which either party, in pleading, accepts the issue tendered by his opponent; -- called sometimes a joinder in issue.
Similitude	The quality or state of being similar or like; resemblance; likeness; similarity; as, similitude of substance.
Similitude	The act of likening, or that which likens, one thing to another; fanciful or imaginative comparison; a simile.
Similitude	That which is like or similar; a representation, semblance, or copy; a facsimile.
Similitudinary	Involving or expressing similitude.
Similize	To liken; to compare; as, to similize a person, thing, or act.
Similor	An alloy of copper and zinc, resembling brass, but of a golden color.
Semious	Of or pertaining to the Sim/; monkeylike.
Simitar	See Scimiter.
Simmered	of Simmer
Simmering	of Simmer
Simmer	To boil gently, or with a gentle hissing; to begin to boil.
Simmer	To cause to boil gently; to cook in liquid heated almost or just to the boiling point.
Simnel	A kind of cake made of fine flour; a cracknel.
Simnel	A kind of rich plum cake, eaten especially on Mid-Lent Sunday.
Simoniac	One who practices simony, or who buys or sells preferment in the church.
Simoniacal	Of or pertaining to simony; guilty of simony; consisting of simony.
Simonial	Simoniacal.
Simonian	One of the followers of Simon Magus; also, an adherent of certain heretical sects in the early Christian church.
Simonious	Simoniacal.
Simonist	One who practices simony.
Simony	The crime of buying or selling ecclesiastical preferment; the corrupt presentation of any one to an ecclesiastical benefice for money or reward.
Simoom	Alt. of Simoon
Simoon	A hot, dry, suffocating, dust-laden wind, that blows occasionally in Arabia, Syria, and neighboring countries, generated by the extreme heat of the parched deserts or sandy plains.
Simous	Having a very flat or snub nose, with the end turned up.
Simpai	A long-tailed monkey (Semnopitchecus melalophus) native of Sumatra. It has a crest of black hair. The forehead and cheeks are fawn color, the upper parts tawny and red, the under parts white. Called also black-crested monkey, and sinpae.
Simpered	of Simper
Simpering	of Simper
Simper	To smile in a silly, affected, or conceited manner.
Simper	To glimmer; to twinkle.
Simper	A constrained, self-conscious smile; an affected, silly smile; a smirk.
Simperer	One who simpers.
Simpering	a. &. n. from Simper, v.
Simperingly	In a simpering manner.
Simple	Single; not complex; not infolded or entangled; uncombined; not compounded; not blended with something else; not complicated; as, a simple substance; a simple idea; a simple sound; a simple machine; a simple problem; simple tasks.
Simple	Plain; unadorned; as, simple dress.
Simple	Mere; not other than; being only.
Simple	Not given to artifice, stratagem, or duplicity; undesigning; sincere; true.
Simple	Artless in manner; unaffected; unconstrained; natural; inartificial;; straightforward.
Simple	Direct; clear; intelligible; not abstruse or enigmatical; as, a simple statement; simple language.
Simple	Weak in intellect; not wise or sagacious; of but moderate understanding or attainments; hence, foolish; silly.
Simple	Not luxurious; without much variety; plain; as, a simple diet; a simple way of living.
Simple	Humble; lowly; undistinguished.
Simple	Without subdivisions; entire; as, a simple stem; a simple leaf.
Simple	Not capable of being decomposed into anything more simple or ultimate by any means at present known; elementary; thus, atoms are regarded as simple bodies.  Cf. Ultimate, a.
Simple	Homogenous.
Simple	Consisting of a single individual or zooid; as, a simple ascidian; -- opposed to compound.
Simple	Something not mixed or compounded.
Simple	A medicinal plant; -- so called because each vegetable was supposed to possess its particular virtue, and therefore to constitute a simple remedy.
Simple	A drawloom.
Simple	A part of the apparatus for raising the heddles of a drawloom.
Simple	A feast which is not a double or a semidouble.
Simple	To gather simples, or medicinal plants.
Simple-hearted	Sincere; inguenuous; guileless.
Simple-minded	Artless; guileless; simple-hearted; undesigning; unsuspecting; devoid of duplicity.
Simpleness	The quality or state of being simple; simplicity.
Simpler	One who collects simples, or medicinal plants; a herbalist; a simplist.
Simpless	Simplicity; silliness.
Simpleton	A person of weak intellect; a silly person.
Simplician	One who is simple.
Simplicity	The quality or state of being simple, unmixed, or uncompounded; as, the simplicity of metals or of earths.
Simplicity	The quality or state of being not complex, or of consisting of few parts; as, the simplicity of a machine.
Simplicity	Artlessness of mind; freedom from cunning or duplicity; lack of acuteness and sagacity.
Simplicity	Freedom from artificial ornament, pretentious style, or luxury; plainness; as, simplicity of dress, of style, or of language; simplicity of diet; simplicity of life.
Simplicity	Freedom from subtlety or abstruseness; clearness; as, the simplicity of a doctrine; the simplicity of an explanation or a demonstration.
Simplicity	Weakness of intellect; silliness; folly.
Simplification	The act of simplifying.
Simplified	of Simplify
Simplifying	of Simplify
Simplify	To make simple; to make less complex; to make clear by giving the explanation for; to show an easier or shorter process for doing or making.
Simplist	One skilled in simples, or medicinal plants; a simpler.
Simplistic	Of or pertaining to simples, or a simplist.
Simplity	Simplicity.
Simploce	See Symploce.
Simply	In a simple manner or state; considered in or by itself; without addition; along; merely; solely; barely.
Simply	Plainly; without art or subtlety.
Simply	Weakly; foolishly.
Simulacher	Alt. of Simulachre
Simulachre	See Simulacrum.
Simulacra	of Simulacrum
Simulacrum	A likeness; a semblance; a mock appearance; a sham; -- now usually in a derogatory sense.
Simular	One who pretends to be what he is not; one who, or that which, simulates or counterfeits something; a pretender.
Simular	False; specious; counterfeit.
Simulate	Feigned; pretended.
Simulated	of Simulate
Simulating	of Simulate
Simulate	To assume the mere appearance of, without the reality; to assume the signs or indications of, falsely; to counterfeit; to feign.
Simulation	The act of simulating, or assuming an appearance which is feigned, or not true; -- distinguished from dissimulation, which disguises or conceals what is true.
Simulator	One who simulates, or feigns.
Simulatory	Simulated, or capable of being simulated.
Simultaneity	The quality or state of being simultaneous; simultaneousness.
Simultaneous	Existing, happening, or done, at the same time; as, simultaneous events.
Simulty	Private grudge or quarrel; as, domestic simulties.
Sin	Old form of Since.
Sin	Transgression of the law of God; disobedience of the divine command; any violation of God's will, either in purpose or conduct; moral deficiency in the character; iniquity; as, sins of omission and sins of commission.
Sin	An offense, in general; a violation of propriety; a misdemeanor; as, a sin against good manners.
Sin	A sin offering; a sacrifice for sin.
Sin	An embodiment of sin; a very wicked person.
Sinned	of Sin
Sinning	of Sin
Sin	To depart voluntarily from the path of duty prescribed by God to man; to violate the divine law in any particular, by actual transgression or by the neglect or nonobservance of its injunctions; to violate any known rule of duty; -- often followed by against.
Sin	To violate human rights, law, or propriety; to commit an offense; to trespass; to transgress.
Sinaic	Alt. of Sinaitic
Sinaitic	Of or pertaining to Mount Sinai; given or made at Mount Sinai; as, the Sinaitic law.
Sinalbin	A glucoside found in the seeds of white mustard (Brassica alba, formerly Sinapis alba), and extracted as a white crystalline substance.
Sinamine	A bitter white crystalline nitrogenous substance, obtained indirectly from oil of mustard and ammonia; -- called also allyl melamine.
Sinapate	A salt of sinapic acid.
Sinapic	Of or pertaining to sinapine; specifically, designating an acid (C11H12O5) related to gallic acid, and obtained by the decomposition of sinapine, as a white crystalline substance.
Sinapine	An alkaloid occuring in the seeds of mustard. It is extracted, in combination with sulphocyanic acid, as a white crystalline substance, having a hot, bitter taste.  When sinapine is isolated it is unstable and undergoes decomposition.
Sinapis	A disused generic name for mustard; -- now called Brassica.
Sinapisin	A substance extracted from mustard seed and probably identical with sinalbin.
Sinapism	A plaster or poultice composed principally of powdered mustard seed, or containing the volatile oil of mustard seed. It is a powerful irritant.
Sinapoleic	Of or pertaining to mustard oil; specifically, designating an acid of the oleic acid series said to occur in mistard oil.
Sinapoline	A nitrogenous base, CO.(NH.C3H5)2, related to urea, extracted from mustard oil, and also produced artifically, as a white crystalline substance; -- called also diallyl urea.
Sincaline	Choline.
Since	From a definite past time until now; as, he went a month ago, and I have not seen him since.
Since	In the time past, counting backward from the present; before this or now; ago.
Since	When or that.
Since	From the time of; in or during the time subsequent to; subsequently to; after; -- usually with a past event or time for the object.
Since	Seeing that; because; considering; -- formerly followed by that.
Sincere	Pure; unmixed; unadulterated.
Sincere	Whole; perfect; unhurt; uninjured.
Sincere	Being in reality what it appears to be; having a character which corresponds with the appearance; not falsely assumed; genuine; true; real; as, a sincere desire for knowledge; a sincere contempt for meanness.
Sincere	Honest; free from hypocrisy or dissimulation; as, a sincere friend; a sincere person.
Sincerely	In a sincere manner.
Sincerely	Purely; without alloy.
Sincerely	Honestly; unfeignedly; without dissimulation; as, to speak one's mind sincerely; to love virtue sincerely.
Sincereness	Same as Sincerity.
Sincerity	The quality or state of being sincere; honesty of mind or intention; freedom from simulation, hypocrisy, disguise, or false pretense; sincereness.
Sinch	A saddle girth made of leather, canvas, woven horsehair, or woven grass.
Sinch	To gird with a sinch; to tighten the sinch or girth of (a saddle); as, to sinch up a sadle.
Sincipital	Of or pertaining to the sinciput; being in the region of the sinciput.
Sinciput	The fore part of the head.
Sinciput	The part of the head of a bird between the base of the bill and the vertex.
Sindon	A wrapper.
Sindon	A small rag or pledget introduced into the hole in the cranium made by a trephine.
Sine	The length of a perpendicular drawn from one extremity of an arc of a circle to the diameter drawn through the other extremity.
Sine	The perpendicular itself. See Sine of angle, below.
Sine	Without.
Sinecural	Of or pertaining to a sinecure; being in the nature of a sinecure.
Sinecure	An ecclesiastical benefice without the care of souls.
Sinecure	Any office or position which requires or involves little or no responsibility, labor, or active service.
Sinecure	To put or place in a sinecure.
Sinecurism	The state of having a sinecure.
Sinecurist	One who has a sinecure.
Sinew	A tendon or tendonous tissue. See Tendon.
Sinew	Muscle; nerve.
Sinew	Fig.: That which supplies strength or power.
Sinewed	of Sinew
Sinewing	of Sinew
Sinew	To knit together, or make strong with, or as with, sinews.
Sinewed	Furnished with sinews; as, a strong-sinewed youth.
Sinewed	Fig.: Equipped; strengthened.
Sinewiness	Quality of being sinewy.
Sinewish	Sinewy.
Sinewless	Having no sinews; hence, having no strength or vigor.
Sinewous	Sinewy.
Sinew-shrunk	Having the sinews under the belly shrunk by excessive fatigue.
Sinewy	Pertaining to, consisting of, or resembling, a sinew or sinews.
Sinewy	Well braced with, or as if with, sinews; nervous; vigorous; strong; firm; tough; as, the sinewy Ajax.
Sinful	Tainted with, or full of, sin; wicked; iniquitous; criminal; unholy; as, sinful men; sinful thoughts.
Sung	of Sing
Sang	of Sing
Sung	of Sing
Singing	of Sing
Sing	To utter sounds with musical inflections or melodious modulations of voice, as fancy may dictate, or according to the notes of a song or tune, or of a given part (as alto, tenor, etc.) in a chorus or concerted piece.
Sing	To utter sweet melodious sounds, as birds do.
Sing	To make a small, shrill sound; as, the air sings in passing through a crevice.
Sing	To tell or relate something in numbers or verse; to celebrate something in poetry.
Sing	Ti cry out; to complain.
Sing	To utter with musical infections or modulations of voice.
Sing	To celebrate is song; to give praises to in verse; to relate or rehearse in numbers, verse, or poetry.
Sing	To influence by singing; to lull by singing; as, to sing a child to sleep.
Sing	To accompany, or attend on, with singing.
Singed	of Singe
Singeing	of Singe
Singe	To burn slightly or superficially; to burn the surface of; to burn the ends or outside of; as, to singe the hair or the skin.
Singe	To remove the nap of (cloth), by passing it rapidly over a red-hot bar, or over a flame, preliminary to dyeing it.
Singe	To remove the hair or down from (a plucked chicken or the like) by passing it over a flame.
Singe	A burning of the surface; a slight burn.
Singer	One who, or that which, singes.
Singer	One employed to singe cloth.
Singer	A machine for singeing cloth.
Singer	One who sings; especially, one whose profession is to sing.
Singeress	A songstress.
Singhalese	Same as Cingalese.
Singing	a. & n. from Sing, v.
Singingly	With sounds like singing; with a kind of tune; in a singing tone.
Single	One only, as distinguished from more than one; consisting of one alone; individual; separate; as, a single star.
Single	Alone; having no companion.
Single	Hence, unmarried; as, a single man or woman.
Single	Not doubled, twisted together, or combined with others; as, a single thread; a single strand of a rope.
Single	Performed by one person, or one on each side; as, a single combat.
Single	Uncompounded; pure; unmixed.
Single	Not deceitful or artful; honest; sincere.
Single	Simple; not wise; weak; silly.
Singled	of Single
Singling	of Single
Single	To select, as an individual person or thing, from among a number; to choose out from others; to separate.
Single	To sequester; to withdraw; to retire.
Single	To take alone, or one by one.
Single	To take the irrregular gait called single-foot;- said of a horse. See Single-foot.
Single	A unit; one; as, to score a single.
Single	The reeled filaments of silk, twisted without doubling to give them firmness.
Single	A handful of gleaned grain.
Single	A game with but one player on each side; -- usually in the plural.
Single	A hit by a batter which enables him to reach first base only.
Single-acting	Having simplicity of action; especially (Mach.), acting or exerting force during strokes in one direction only; -- said of a reciprocating engine, pump, etc.
Single-breasted	Lapping over the breast only far enough to permit of buttoning, and having buttons on one edge only; as, a single-breasted coast.
Single-foot	An irregular gait of a horse; -- called also single-footed pace. See Single, v. i.
Single-handed	Having but one hand, or one workman; also, alone; unassisted.
Single-hearted	Having an honest heart; free from duplicity.
Single-minded	Having a single purpose; hence, artless; guileless; single-hearted.
Singleness	The quality or state of being single, or separate from all others; the opposite of doubleness, complication, or multiplicity.
Singleness	Freedom from duplicity, or secondary and selfish ends; purity of mind or purpose; simplicity; sincerity; as, singleness of purpose; singleness of heart.
Singles	See Single, n., 2.
Singlestick	In England and Scotland, a cudgel used in fencing or fighting; a backsword.
Singlestick	The game played with singlesticks, in which he who first brings blood from his adversary's head is pronounced victor; backsword; cudgeling.
Singlet	An unlined or undyed waistcoat; a single garment; -- opposed to doublet.
Singleton	In certain games at cards, as whist, a single card of any suit held at the deal by a player; as, to lead a singleton.
Singletree	The pivoted or swinging bar to which the traces of a harnessed horse are fixed; a whiffletree.
Singly	Individually; particularly; severally; as, to make men singly and personally good.
Singly	Only; by one's self; alone.
Singly	Without partners, companions, or associates; single-handed; as, to attack another singly.
Singly	Honestly; sincerely; simply.
Singly	Singularly; peculiarly.
Sing-sing	The kob.
Singsong	Bad singing or poetry.
Singsong	A drawling or monotonous tone, as of a badly executed song.
Singsong	Drawling; monotonous.
Singsong	To write poor poetry.
Singster	A songstress.
Singular	Separate or apart from others; single; distinct.
Singular	Engaged in by only one on a side; single.
Singular	Existing by itself; single; individual.
Singular	Each; individual; as, to convey several parcels of land, all and singular.
Singular	Denoting one person or thing; as, the singular number; -- opposed to dual and plural.
Singular	Standing by itself; out of the ordinary course; unusual; uncommon; strange; as, a singular phenomenon.
Singular	Distinguished as existing in a very high degree; rarely equaled; eminent; extraordinary; exceptional; as, a man of singular gravity or attainments.
Singular	Departing from general usage or expectations; odd; whimsical; -- often implying disapproval or consure.
Singular	Being alone; belonging to, or being, that of which there is but one; unique.
Singular	An individual instance; a particular.
Singular	The singular number, or the number denoting one person or thing; a word in the singular number.
Singularist	One who affects singularity.
Singularities	of Singularity
Singularity	The quality or state of being singular; some character or quality of a thing by which it is distinguished from all, or from most, others; peculiarity.
Singularity	Anything singular, rare, or curious.
Singularity	Possession of a particular or exclusive privilege, prerogative, or distinction.
Singularity	Celibacy.
Singularize	To make singular or single; to distinguish.
Singularly	In a singular manner; in a manner, or to a degree, not common to others; extraordinarily; as, to be singularly exact in one's statements; singularly considerate of others.
Singularly	Strangely; oddly; as, to behave singularly.
Singularly	So as to express one, or the singular number.
Singult	A sigh or sobbing; also, a hiccough.
Singultous	Relating to, or affected with, hiccough.
Singultus	Hiccough.
Sinical	Of or pertaining to a sine; employing, or founded upon, sines; as, a sinical quadrant.
Sinigrin	A glucoside found in the seeds of black mustard (Brassica nigra, formerly Sinapis nigra) It resembles sinalbin, and consists of a potassium salt of myronic acid.
Sinister	On the left hand, or the side of the left hand; left; -- opposed to dexter, or right.
Sinister	Unlucky; inauspicious; disastrous; injurious; evil; -- the left being usually regarded as the unlucky side; as, sinister influences.
Sinister	Wrong, as springing from indirection or obliquity; perverse; dishonest; corrupt; as, sinister aims.
Sinister	Indicative of lurking evil or harm; boding covert danger; as, a sinister countenance.
Sinister-handed	Left-handed; hence, unlucky.
Sinisterly	In a sinister manner.
Sinistrad	Toward the left side; sinistrally.
Sinistral	Of or pertaining to the left, inclining to the left; sinistrous; -- opposed to dextral.
Sinistral	Having the whorls of the spire revolving or rising to the left; reversed; -- said of certain spiral shells.
Sinistrality	The quality or state of being sinistral.
Sinistrally	Toward the left; in a sinistral manner.
Sinistrin	A mucilaginous carbohydrate, resembling achroodextrin, extracted from squill as a colorless amorphous substance; -- so called because it is levorotatory.
Sinistrorsal	Rising spirally from right to left (of the spectator); sinistrorse.
Sinistrorse	Turning to the left (of the spectator) in the ascending line; -- the opposite of dextrorse. See Dextrorse.
Sinistrous	Being on the left side; inclined to the left; sinistral.
Sinistrous	Wrong; absurd; perverse.
Sinistrously	In a sinistrous manner; perversely; wrongly; unluckily.
Sinistrously	With a tendency to use the left hand.
Sunk	of Sink
Sank	of Sink
Sunk	of Sink
Sunken	of Sink
Sinking	of Sink
Sink	To fall by, or as by, the force of gravity; to descend lower and lower; to decline gradually; to subside; as, a stone sinks in water; waves rise and sink; the sun sinks in the west.
Sink	To enter deeply; to fall or retire beneath or below the surface; to penetrate.
Sink	Hence, to enter so as to make an abiding impression; to enter completely.
Sink	To be overwhelmed or depressed; to fall slowly, as so the ground, from weakness or from an overburden; to fail in strength; to decline; to decay; to decrease.
Sink	To decrease in volume, as a river; to subside; to become diminished in volume or in apparent height.
Sink	To cause to sink; to put under water; to immerse or submerge in a fluid; as, to sink a ship.
Sink	Figuratively: To cause to decline; to depress; to degrade; hence, to ruin irretrievably; to destroy, as by drowping; as, to sink one's reputation.
Sink	To make (a depression) by digging, delving, or cutting, etc.; as, to sink a pit or a well; to sink a die.
Sink	To bring low; to reduce in quantity; to waste.
Sink	To conseal and appropriate.
Sink	To keep out of sight; to suppress; to ignore.
Sink	To reduce or extinguish by payment; as, to sink the national debt.
Sink	A drain to carry off filthy water; a jakes.
Sink	A shallow box or vessel of wood, stone, iron, or other material, connected with a drain, and used for receiving filthy water, etc., as in a kitchen.
Sink	A hole or low place in land or rock, where waters sink and are lost; -- called also sink hole.
Sinker	One who, or that which, sinks.
Sinker	A weight on something, as on a fish line, to sink it.
Sinker	In knitting machines, one of the thin plates, blades, or other devices, that depress the loops upon or between the needles.
Sinking	a. & n. from Sink.
Sinless	Free from sin.
Sinner	One who has sinned; especially, one who has sinned without repenting; hence, a persistent and incorrigible transgressor; one condemned by the law of God.
Sinner	To act as a sinner.
Sinneress	A woman who sins.
Sinnet	See Sennit .
Sinological	Relating to the Chinese language or literature.
Sinologist	A sinologue.
Sinologue	A student of Chinese; one versed in the Chinese language, literature, and history.
Sinology	That branch of systemized knowledge which treats of the Chinese, their language, literature, etc.
Sinoper	Sinople.
Sinopia	Alt. of Sinopis
Sinopis	A red pigment made from sinopite.
Sinopite	A brickred ferruginous clay used by the ancients for red paint.
Sinople	Ferruginous quartz, of a blood-red or brownish red color, sometimes with a tinge of yellow.
Sinople	The tincture vert; green.
Sinque	See Cinque.
Sinsring	Same as Banxring.
Sinter	Dross, as of iron; the scale which files from iron when hammered; -- applied as a name to various minerals.
Sinto	Alt. of Sintoist
Sintu	Alt. of Sintoist
Sintoism	Alt. of Sintoist
Sintoist	See Shinto, etc.
Sintoc	A kind of spice used in the East Indies, consisting of the bark of a species of Cinnamomum.
Siniate	Having the margin alternately curved inward and outward; having rounded lobes separated by rounded sinuses; sinuous; wavy.
Sinuated	of Sinuate
Sinuating	of Sinuate
Sinuate	To bend or curve in and out; to wind; to turn; to be sinusous.
Sinuated	Same as Sinuate.
Sinuation	A winding or bending in and out.
Sinuose	Sinuous.
Sinuosities	of Sinuosity
Sinuosity	Quality or state of being sinuous.
Sinuosity	A bend, or a series of bends and turns; a winding, or a series of windings; a wave line; a curve.
Sinuous	Bending in and out; of a serpentine or undulating form; winding; crooked.
Sinupalliate	Having a pallial sinus. See under Sinus.
Sinus	of Sinus
Sinuses	of Sinus
Sinus	An opening; a hollow; a bending.
Sinus	A bay of the sea; a recess in the shore.
Sinus	A cavity; a depression.
Sinus	A cavity in a bone or other part, either closed or with a narrow opening.
Sinus	A dilated vessel or canal.
Sinus	A narrow, elongated cavity, in which pus is collected; an elongated abscess with only a small orifice.
Sinus	A depression between adjoining lobes.
Sinusoid	The curve whose ordinates are proportional to the sines of the abscissas, the equation of the curve being y = a sin x. It is also called the curve of sines.
Sinusoidal	Of or pertaining to a sinusoid; like a sinusoid.
Siogoon	See Shogun.
Siogoonate	See Shogunate.
Sioux	See Dakotas.
Sipped	of Sip
Sipping	of Sip
Sip	To drink or imbibe in small quantities; especially, to take in with the lips in small quantities, as a liquid; as, to sip tea.
Sip	To draw into the mouth; to suck up; as, a bee sips nectar from the flowers.
Sip	To taste the liquor of; to drink out of.
Sip	To drink a small quantity; to take a fluid with the lips; to take a sip or sips of something.
Sip	The act of sipping; the taking of a liquid with the lips.
Sip	A small draught taken with the lips; a slight taste.
Sipage	See Seepage.
Sip	See Seep.
Siphilis	Syphilis.
Siphoid	A siphon bottle. See under Siphon, n.
Siphon	A device, consisting of a pipe or tube bent so as to form two branches or legs of unequal length, by which a liquid can be transferred to a lower level, as from one vessel to another, over an intermediate elevation, by the action of the pressure of the atmosphere in forcing the liquid up the shorter branch of the pipe immersed in it, while the continued excess of weight of the liquid in the longer branch (when once filled) causes a continuous flow. The flow takes place only when the discharging extremity of the pipe ia lower than the higher liquid surface, and when no part of the pipe is higher above the surface than the same liquid will rise by atmospheric pressure; that is, about 33 feet for water, and 30 inches for mercury, near the sea level.
Siphon	One of the tubes or folds of the mantle border of a bivalve or gastropod mollusk by which water is conducted into the gill cavity. See Illust. under Mya, and Lamellibranchiata.
Siphon	The anterior prolongation of the margin of any gastropod shell for the protection of the soft siphon.
Siphon	The tubular organ through which water is ejected from the gill cavity of a cephaloid. It serves as a locomotive organ, by guiding and confining the jet of water. Called also siphuncle. See Illust. under Loligo, and Dibranchiata.
Siphon	The siphuncle of a cephalopod shell.
Siphon	The sucking proboscis of certain parasitic insects and crustaceans.
Siphon	A sproutlike prolongation in front of the mouth of many gephyreans.
Siphon	A tubular organ connected both with the esophagus and the intestine of certain sea urchins and annelids.
Siphon	A siphon bottle.
Siphon	To convey, or draw off, by means of a siphon, as a liquid from one vessel to another at a lower level.
Siphonage	The action of a siphon.
Siphonal	Of or pertaining to a siphon; resembling a siphon.
Siphonarid	Any one of numerous species of limpet-shaped pulmonate gastropods of the genus Siphonaria. They cling to rocks between high and low water marks and have both lunglike organs and gills.
Siphonata	A tribe of bivalve mollusks in which the posterior mantle border is prolonged into two tubes or siphons. Called also Siphoniata. See Siphon, 2 (a), and Quahaug.
Siphonate	Having a siphon or siphons.
Siphonate	Belonging to the Siphonata.
Siphonet	One of the two dorsal tubular organs on the hinder part of the abdomen of aphids. They give exit to the honeydew. See Illust. under Aphis.
Siphonia	A former name for a euphorbiaceous genus (Hevea) of South American trees, the principal source of caoutchouc.
Siphoniata	Same as Siphonata.
Siphonic	Of or pertaining to a siphon.
Siphonifer	Any cephalopod having a siphonate shell.
Siphoniferous	Siphon-bearing, as the shell of the nautilus and other cephalopods.
Siphonia	of Siphonium
Siphonium	A bony tube which, in some birds, connects the tympanium with the air chambers of the articular piece of the mandible.
Siphonobranchiata	A tribe of gastropods having the mantle border, on one or both sides, prolonged in the form of a spout through which water enters the gill cavity. The shell itself is not always siphonostomatous in this group.
Siphonobranchiate	Having a siphon, or siphons, to convey water to the gills; belonging or pertaining to the Siphonobranchiata.
Siphonobranchiate	One of the Siphonobranchiata.
Siphonoglyphe	A gonidium.
Siphonophora	An order of pelagic Hydrozoa including species which form complex free-swimming communities composed of numerous zooids of various kinds, some of which act as floats or as swimming organs, others as feeding or nutritive zooids, and others as reproductive zooids. See Illust. under Physallia, and Porpita.
Siphonophoran	Belonging to the Siphonophora.
Siphonophoran	One of the Siphonophora.
Siphonophore	One of the Siphonophora.
Siphonopoda	A division of Scaphopoda including those in which the foot terminates in a circular disk.
Siphonostomata	A tribe of parasitic copepod Crustacea including a large number of species that are parasites of fishes, as the lerneans. They have a mouth adapted to suck blood.
Siphonostomata	An artificial division of gastropods including those that have siphonostomatous shells.
Siphonostomatous	Having the front edge of the aperture of the shell prolonged in the shape of a channel for the protection of the siphon; -- said of certain gastropods.
Siphonostomatous	Pertaining to the Siphonostomata.
Siphonostome	Any parasitic entomostracan of the tribe Siphonostomata.
Siphonostome	A siphonostomatous shell.
Siphorhinal	Having tubular nostrils, as the petrels.
Siphorhinian	A siphorhinal bird.
Siphuncle	The tube which runs through the partitions of chambered cephalopod shells.
Siphuncled	Having a siphuncle; siphunculated.
Siphuncular	Of or pertaining to the siphuncle.
Siphunculated	Having a siphuncle.
Sipid	Having a taste or flavorl savory; sapid.
Sipper	One whi sips.
Sippet	A small sop; a small, thin piece of toasted bread soaked in milk, broth, or the like; a small piece of toasted or fried bread cut into some special shape and used for garnishing.
Sipple	To sip often.
Sippling	Sipping often.
Sipunculacea	A suborder of Gephyrea, including those which have the body unarmed and the intestine opening anteriorly.
Sipunculoid	Pertaining to the Sipunculoidea.
Sipunculoid	One of the Sipunculoidea.
Sipunculoidea	Same as Gephyrea.
Sipunculoidea	In a restricted sense, same as Sipunculacea.
Si quis	A notification by a candidate for orders of his intention to inquire whether any impediment may be alleged against him.
Sir	A man of social authority and dignity; a lord; a master; a gentleman; -- in this sense usually spelled sire.
Sir	A title prefixed to the Christian name of a knight or a baronet.
Sir	An English rendering of the LAtin Dominus, the academical title of a bachelor of arts; -- formerly colloquially, and sometimes contemptuously, applied to the clergy.
Sir	A respectful title, used in addressing a man, without being prefixed to his name; -- used especially in speaking to elders or superiors; sometimes, also, used in the way of emphatic formality.
Siraskier	See Seraskier.
Siraskierate	See Seraskierate.
Sirbonian	See Serbonian.
Sircar	A Hindoo clerk or accountant.
Sircar	A district or province; a circar.
Sircar	The government; the supreme authority of the state.
Sirdar	A native chief in Hindostan; a headman.
Sire	A lord, master, or other person in authority. See Sir.
Sire	A tittle of respect formerly used in speaking to elders and superiors, but now only in addressing a sovereign.
Sire	A father; the head of a family; the husband.
Sire	A creator; a maker; an author; an originator.
Sire	The male parent of a beast; -- applied especially to horses; as, the horse had a good sire.
Sired	of Sire
Siring	of Sire
Sire	To beget; to procreate; -- used of beasts, and especially of stallions.
Siredon	The larval form of any salamander while it still has external gills; especially, one of those which, like the axolotl (Amblystoma Mexicanum), sometimes lay eggs while in this larval state, but which under more favorable conditions lose their gills and become normal salamanders. See also Axolotl.
Siren	One of three sea nymphs, -- or, according to some writers, of two, -- said to frequent an island near the coast of Italy, and to sing with such sweetness that they lured mariners to destruction.
Siren	An enticing, dangerous woman.
Siren	Something which is insidious or deceptive.
Siren	A mermaid.
Siren	Any long, slender amphibian of the genus Siren or family Sirenidae, destitute of hind legs and pelvis, and having permanent external gills as well as lungs. They inhabit the swamps, lagoons, and ditches of the Southern United States. The more common species (Siren lacertina) is dull lead-gray in color, and becames two feet long.
Siren	An instrument for producing musical tones and for ascertaining the number of sound waves or vibrations per second which produce a note of a given pitch. The sounds are produced by a perforated rotating disk or disks. A form with two disks operated by steam or highly compressed air is used sounding an alarm to vessels in fog.
Siren	Of or pertaining to a siren; bewitching, like a siren; fascinating; alluring; as, a siren song.
Sirene	See Siren, 6.
Sirenia	An order of large aquatic herbivorous mammals, including the manatee, dugong, rytina, and several fossil genera.
Sirenian	Any species of Sirenia.
Sirenical	Like, or appropriate to, a siren; fascinating; deceptive.
Sirenize	To use the enticements of a siren; to act as a siren; to fascinate.
Siriasis	A sunstroke.
Siriasis	The act of exposing to a sun bath. [Obs.] Cf. Insolation.
Sirius	The Dog Star. See Dog Star.
Sirkeer	Any one of several species of Asiatic cuckoos of the genus Taccocua, as the Bengal sirkeer (T. sirkee).
Sirloin	A loin of beef, or a part of a loin.
Sirname	See Surname.
Siroc	See Sirocco.
Siroccos	of Sirocco
Sirocco	An oppressive, relaxing wind from the Libyan deserts, chiefly experienced in Italy, Malta, and Sicily.
Sirrah	A term of address implying inferiority and used in anger, contempt, reproach, or disrespectful familiarity, addressed to a man or boy, but sometimes to a woman. In sililoquies often preceded by ah. Not used in the plural.
Sirt	A quicksand.
Sirup	Alt. of Syrup
Syrup	A thick and viscid liquid made from the juice of fruits, herbs, etc., boiled with sugar.
Syrup	A thick and viscid saccharine solution of superior quality (as sugarhouse sirup or molasses, maple sirup); specifically, in pharmacy and often in cookery, a saturated solution of sugar and water (simple sirup), or such a solution flavored or medicated.
Siruped	Alt. of Syruped
Syruped	Moistened, covered, or sweetened with sirup, or sweet juice.
Sirupy	Alt. of Syrupy
Syrupy	Like sirup, or partaking of its qualities.
Sirvente	A peculiar species of poetry, for the most part devoted to moral and religious topics, and commonly satirical, -- often used by the troubadours of the Middle Ages.
Sis	A colloquial abbreviation of Sister.
Sis	Six. See Sise.
Sisal grass	Alt. of Sisal hemp
Sisal hemp	The prepared fiber of the Agave Americana, or American aloe, used for cordage; -- so called from Sisal, a port in Yucatan. See Sisal hemp, under Hemp.
Siscowet	A large, fat variety of the namaycush found in Lake Superior; -- called also siskawet, siskiwit.
Sise	An assize.
Sise	Six; the highest number on a die; the cast of six in throwing dice.
Sisel	The suslik.
Siser	Cider. See Sicer.
Siserara	Alt. of Siserary
Siserary	A hard blow.
Siskin	A small green and yellow European finch (Spinus spinus, or Carduelis spinus); -- called also aberdevine.
Siskin	The American pinefinch (S. pinus); -- called also pine siskin. See Pinefinch.
Siskiwit	The siscowet.
Sismograph	See Seismograph.
Sismometer	See Seismometer.
Siss	To make a hissing sound; as, a flatiron hot enough to siss when touched with a wet finger.
Siss	A hissing noise.
Sissoo	A leguminous tree (Dalbergia Sissoo) of the northern parts of India; also, the dark brown compact and durable timber obtained from it. It is used in shipbuilding and for gun carriages, railway ties, etc.
Sist	To stay, as judicial proceedings; to delay or suspend; to stop.
Sist	To cause to take a place, as at the bar of a court; hence, to cite; to summon; to bring into court.
Sist	A stay or suspension of proceedings; an order for a stay of proceedings.
Sister	A female who has the same parents with another person, or who has one of them only. In the latter case, she is more definitely called a half sister. The correlative of brother.
Sister	A woman who is closely allied to, or assocciated with, another person, as in the sdame faith, society, order, or community.
Sister	One of the same kind, or of the same condition; -- generally used adjectively; as, sister fruits.
Sister	To be sister to; to resemble closely.
Sisterhood	The state or relation of being a sister; the office or duty of a sister.
Sisterhood	A society of sisters; a society of women united in one faith or order; sisters, collectively.
Sistering	Contiguous.
Sisters-in-law	of Sister-in-law
Sister-in-law	The sister of one's husband or wife; also, the wife of one's brother; sometimes, the wife of one's husband's or wife's brother.
Sisterly	Like a sister; becoming a sister, affectionate; as, sisterly kindness; sisterly remorse.
Sistine	Of or pertaining to Pope Sixtus.
Sistren	Sisters.
Sistrum	An instrument consisting of a thin metal frame, through which passed a number of metal rods, and furnished with a handle by which it was shaken and made to rattle. It was peculiarly Egyptian, and used especially in the worship of Isis. It is still used in Nubia.
Sisyphean	Relating to Sisyphus; incessantly recurring; as, Sisyphean labors.
Sisyphus	A king of Corinth, son of Aeolus, famed for his cunning. He was killed by Theseus, and in the lower world was condemned by Pluto to roll to the top of a hill a huge stone, which constantly rolled back again, making his task incessant.
Sit	obs. 3d pers. sing. pres. of Sit, for sitteth.
Sat	of Sit
Sate	of Sit
Sat	of Sit
Sitten	of Sit
Sitting	of Sit
Sit	To rest upon the haunches, or the lower extremity of the trunk of the body; -- said of human beings, and sometimes of other animals; as, to sit on a sofa, on a chair, or on the ground.
Sit	To perch; to rest with the feet drawn up, as birds do on a branch, pole, etc.
Sit	To remain in a state of repose; to rest; to abide; to rest in any position or condition.
Sit	To lie, rest, or bear; to press or weigh; -- with on; as, a weight or burden sits lightly upon him.
Sit	To be adjusted; to fit; as, a coat sts well or ill.
Sit	To suit one well or ill, as an act; to become; to befit; -- used impersonally.
Sit	To cover and warm eggs for hatching, as a fowl; to brood; to incubate.
Sit	To have position, as at the point blown from; to hold a relative position; to have direction.
Sit	To occupy a place or seat as a member of an official body; as, to sit in Congress.
Sit	To hold a session; to be in session for official business; -- said of legislative assemblies, courts, etc.; as, the court sits in January; the aldermen sit to-night.
Sit	To take a position for the purpose of having some artistic representation of one's self made, as a picture or a bust; as, to sit to a painter.
Sit	To sit upon; to keep one's seat upon; as, he sits a horse well.
Sit	To cause to be seated or in a sitting posture; to furnish a seat to; -- used reflexively.
Sit	To suit (well / ill); to become.
Site	The place where anything is fixed; situation; local position; as, the site of a city or of a house.
Site	A place fitted or chosen for any certain permanent use or occupation; as, a site for a church.
Site	The posture or position of a thing.
Sited	Having a site; situated.
Sitfast	Fixed; stationary; immovable.
Sitfast	A callosity with inflamed edges, on the back of a horse, under the saddle.
Sith	Since; afterwards; seeing that.
Sith	Alt. of Sithe
Sithe	Time.
Sithe	To sigh.
Sithe	A scythe.
Sithe	To cut with a scythe; to scythe.
Sithed	Scythed.
Sitheman	A mower.
Sithen	Since; afterwards. See 1st Sith.
Sithence	Alt. of Sithens
Sithens	Since. See Sith, and Sithen.
Siththen	See Sithen.
Sitology	A treatise on the regulation of the diet; dietetics.
Sitophobia	A version to food; refusal to take nourishment.
Sitten	p. p. of Sit, for sat.
Sitter	One who sits; esp., one who sits for a portrait or a bust.
Sitter	A bird that sits or incubates.
Sittine	Of or pertaining to the family Sittidae, or nuthatches.
Sitting	Being in the state, or the position, of one who, or that which, sits.
Sitting	The state or act of one who sits; the posture of one who occupies a seat.
Sitting	A seat, or the space occupied by or allotted for a person, in a church, theater, etc.; as, the hall has 800 sittings.
Sitting	The act or time of sitting, as to a portrait painter, photographer, etc.
Sitting	The actual presence or meeting of any body of men in their seats, clothed with authority to transact business; a session; as, a sitting of the judges of the King's Bench, or of a commission.
Sitting	The time during which one sits while doing something, as reading a book, playing a game, etc.
Sitting	A brooding over eggs for hatching, as by fowls.
Situate	Alt. of Situated
Situated	Having a site, situation, or location; being in a relative position; permanently fixed; placed; located; as, a town situated, or situate, on a hill or on the seashore.
Situated	Placed; residing.
Situate	To place.
Situation	Manner in which an object is placed; location, esp. as related to something else; position; locality site; as, a house in a pleasant situation.
Situation	Position, as regards the conditions and circumstances of the case.
Situation	Relative position; circumstances; temporary state or relation at a moment of action which excites interest, as of persons in a dramatic scene.
Situation	Permanent position or employment; place; office; as, a situation in a store; a situation under government.
Situs	The method in which the parts of a plant are arranged; also, the position of the parts.
Sitz bath	A tub in which one bathes in a sitting posture; also, a bath so taken; a hip bath.
Siva	One of the triad of Hindoo gods. He is the avenger or destroyer, and in modern worship symbolizes the reproductive power of nature.
Sivan	The third month of the Jewish ecclesiastical year; -- supposed to correspond nearly with our month of June.
Sivatherium	A genus of very large extinct ruminants found in the Tertiary formation of India. The snout was prolonged in the form of a proboscis. The male had four horns, the posterior pair being large and branched. It was allied to the antelopes, but very much larger than any exsisting species.
Siver	To simmer.
Sivvens	See Sibbens.
Siwin	Same as Sewen.
Six	One more than five; twice three; as, six yards.
Six	The number greater by a unit than five; the sum of three and three; six units or objects.
Six	A symbol representing six units, as 6, vi., or VI.
Sixfold	Six times repeated; six times as much or as many.
Six-footer	One who is six feet tall.
Sixpences	of Sixpence
Sixpence	An English silver coin of the value of six pennies; half a shilling, or about twelve cents.
Sixpenny	Of the value of, or costing, sixpence; as, a sixpenny loaf.
Sixscore	Six times twenty; one hundred and twenty.
Six-shooter	A pistol or other firearm which can be fired six times without reloading especially, a six-chambered revolver.
Sixteen	Six and ten; consisting of six and ten; fifteen and one more.
Sixteen	The number greater by a unit than fifteen; the sum of ten and six; sixteen units or objects.
Sixteen	A symbol representing sixteen units, as 16, or xvi.
Sixteenmos	of Sixteenmo
Sixteenmo	See Sextodecimo.
Sixteenth	Sixth after the tenth; next in order after the fifteenth.
Sixteenth	Constituting or being one of sixteen equal parts into which anything is divided.
Sixteenth	The quotient of a unit divided by sixteen; one of sixteen equal parts of one whole.
Sixteenth	The next in order after the fifteenth; the sixth after the tenth.
Sixteenth	An interval comprising two octaves and a second.
Sixth	First after the fifth; next in order after the fifth.
Sixth	Constituting or being one of six equal parts into which anything is divided.
Sixth	The quotient of a unit divided by six; one of six equal parts which form a whole.
Sixth	The next in order after the fifth.
Sixth	The interval embracing six diatonic degrees of the scale.
Sixthly	In the sixth place.
Sixtieth	Next in order after the fifty-ninth.
Sixtieth	Constituting or being one one of sixty equal parts into which anything is divided.
Sixtieth	The quotient of a unit divided by sixty; one of sixty equal parts forming a whole.
Sixtieth	The next in order after the fifty-ninth; the tenth after the fiftieth.
Sixty	Six times ten; fifty-nine and one more; threescore.
Sixties	of Sixty
Sixty	The sum of six times ten; sixty units or objects.
Sixty	A symbol representing sixty units, as 60, lx., or LX.
Sixty-fourth	Constituting or being one of sixty-four equal parts into which a thing is divided.
Sizable	Of considerable size or bulk.
Sizable	Being of reasonable or suitable size; as, sizable timber; sizable bulk.
Sizar	One of a body of students in the universities of Cambridge (Eng.) and Dublin, who, having passed a certain examination, are exempted from paying college fees and charges. A sizar corresponded to a servitor at Oxford.
Sizarship	The position or standing of a sizar.
Size	Six.
Size	A thin, weak glue used in various trades, as in painting, bookbinding, paper making, etc.
Size	Any viscous substance, as gilder's varnish.
Sized	of Size
Sizing	of Size
Size	To cover with size; to prepare with size.
Size	A settled quantity or allowance. See Assize.
Size	An allowance of food and drink from the buttery, aside from the regular dinner at commons; -- corresponding to battel at Oxford.
Size	Extent of superficies or volume; bulk; bigness; magnitude; as, the size of a tree or of a mast; the size of a ship or of a rock.
Size	Figurative bulk; condition as to rank, ability, character, etc.; as, the office demands a man of larger size.
Size	A conventional relative measure of dimension, as for shoes, gloves, and other articles made up for sale.
Size	An instrument consisting of a number of perforated gauges fastened together at one end by a rivet, -- used for ascertaining the size of pearls.
Size	To fix the standard of.
Size	To adjust or arrange according to size or bulk.
Size	To take the height of men, in order to place them in the ranks according to their stature.
Size	To sift, as pieces of ore or metal, in order to separate the finer from the coarser parts.
Size	To swell; to increase the bulk of.
Size	To bring or adjust anything exactly to a required dimension, as by cutting.
Size	To take greater size; to increase in size.
Size	To order food or drink from the buttery; hence, to enter a score, as upon the buttery book.
Sized	Adjusted according to size.
Sized	Having a particular size or magnitude; -- chiefly used in compounds; as, large-sized; common-sized.
Sizel	Same as Scissel, 2.
Sizer	See Sizar.
Sizer	An instrument or contrivance to size articles, or to determine their size by a standard, or to separate and distribute them according to size.
Sizer	An instrument or tool for bringing anything to an exact size.
Siziness	The quality or state of being sizy; viscousness.
Sizing	Act of covering or treating with size.
Sizing	A weak glue used in various trades; size.
Sizing	The act of sorting with respect to size.
Sizing	The act of bringing anything to a certain size.
Sizing	Food and drink ordered from the buttery by a student.
Sizy	Sizelike; viscous; glutinous; as, sizy blood.
Sizzled	of Sizzle
Sizzling	of Sizzle
Sizzle	To make a hissing sound; to fry, or to dry and shrivel up, with a hissing sound.
Sizzle	A hissing sound, as of something frying over a fire.
Sizzling	a. & n. from Sizzle.
Skaddle	Hurt; damage.
Skaddle	Hurtful.
Skaddon	The larva of a bee.
Skag	An additional piece fastened to the keel of a boat to prevent lateral motion. See Skeg.
Skain	See Skein.
Skain	See Skean.
Skainsmate	A messmate; a companion.
Skaith	See Scatch.
Skald	See 5th Scald.
Skaldic	See Scaldic.
Skall	To scale; to mount.
Skar	Alt. of Skare
Skare	Wild; timid; shy.
Skart	The shag.
Skate	A metallic runner with a frame shaped to fit the sole of a shoe, -- made to be fastened under the foot, and used for moving rapidly on ice.
Skated	of Skate
Skating	of Skate
Skate	To move on skates.
Skate	Any one of numerous species of large, flat elasmobranch fishes of the genus Raia, having a long, slender tail, terminated by a small caudal fin. The pectoral fins, which are large and broad and united to the sides of the body and head, give a somewhat rhombic form to these fishes. The skin is more or less spinose.
Skater	One who skates.
Skater	Any one of numerous species of hemipterous insects belonging to Gerris, Pyrrhocoris, Prostemma, and allied genera. They have long legs, and run rapidly over the surface of the water, as if skating.
Skatol	A constituent of human faeces formed in the small intestines as a product of the putrefaction of albuminous matter. It is also found in reduced indigo.  Chemically it is methyl indol, C9H9N.
Skayles	[159.] Skittles.
Skean	A knife or short dagger, esp. that in use among the Highlanders of Scotland. [Variously spelt.]
Skedaddled	of Skedaddle
Skedaddling	of Skedaddle
Skedaddle	To betake one's self to flight, as if in a panic; to flee; to run away.
Skee	A long strip of wood, curved upwards in front, used on the foot for sliding.
Skeed	See Skid.
Skeel	A shallow wooden vessel for holding milk or cream.
Skeelduck	Alt. of Skeelgoose
Skeelgoose	The common European sheldrake.
Skeet	A scoop with a long handle, used to wash the sides of a vessel, and formerly to wet the sails or deck.
Skeg	A sort of wild plum.
Skeg	A kind of oats.
Skeg	The after part of the keel of a vessel, to which the rudder is attached.
Skegger	The parr.
Skein	A quantity of yarn, thread, or the like, put up together, after it is taken from the reel, -- usually tied in a sort of knot.
Skein	A metallic strengthening band or thimble on the wooden arm of an axle.
Skein	A flight of wild fowl (wild geese or the like).
Skeine	See Skean.
Skelder	To deceive; to cheat; to trick.
Skelder	A vagrant; a cheat.
Skeldrake	Alt. of Skieldrake
Skieldrake	The common European sheldrake.
Skieldrake	The oyster catcher.
Skelet	A skeleton. See Scelet.
Skeletal	Pertaining to the skeleton.
Skeletogenous	Forming or producing parts of the skeleton.
Skeletology	That part of anatomy which treats of the skeleton; also, a treatise on the skeleton.
Skeleton	The bony and cartilaginous framework which supports the soft parts of a vertebrate animal.
Skeleton	The more or less firm or hardened framework of an invertebrate animal.
Skeleton	A very thin or lean person.
Skeleton	The framework of anything; the principal parts that support the rest, but without the appendages.
Skeleton	The heads and outline of a literary production, especially of a sermon.
Skeleton	Consisting of, or resembling, a skeleton; consisting merely of the framework or outlines; having only certain leading features of anything; as, a skeleton sermon; a skeleton crystal.
Skeletonized	of Skeletonize
Skeletonizing	of Skeletonize
Skeletonize	To prepare a skeleton of; also, to reduce, as a leaf, to its skeleton.
Skeletonizer	Any small moth whose larva eats the parenchyma of leaves, leaving the skeleton; as, the apple-leaf skeletonizer.
Skellum	A scoundrel.
Skelly	To squint.
Skelly	A squint.
Skelp	A blow; a smart stroke.
Skelp	A squall; also, a heavy fall of rain.
Skelp	To strike; to slap.
Skelp	A wrought-iron plate from which a gun barrel or pipe is made by bending and welding the edges together, and drawing the thick tube thus formed.
Skelter	To run off helter-skelter; to hurry; to scurry; -- with away or off.
Sken	To squint.
Skene	See Skean.
Skep	A coarse round farm basket.
Skep	A beehive.
Skeptic	One who is yet undecided as to what is true; one who is looking or inquiring for what is true; an inquirer after facts or reasons.
Skeptic	A doubter as to whether any fact or truth can be certainly known; a universal doubter; a Pyrrhonist; hence, in modern usage, occasionally, a person who questions whether any truth or fact can be established on philosophical grounds; sometimes, a critical inquirer, in opposition to a dogmatist.
Skeptic	A person who doubts the existence and perfections of God, or the truth of revelation; one who disbelieves the divine origin of the Christian religion.
Skeptic	Alt. of Skeptical
Skeptical	Of or pertaining to a sceptic or skepticism; characterized by skepticism; hesitating to admit the certainly of doctrines or principles; doubting of everything.
Skeptical	Doubting or denying the truth of revelation, or the sacred Scriptures.
Skepticism	An undecided, inquiring state of mind; doubt; uncertainty.
Skepticism	The doctrine that no fact or principle can be certainly known; the tenet that all knowledge is uncertain; Pyrrohonism; universal doubt; the position that no fact or truth, however worthy of confidence, can be established on philosophical grounds; critical investigation or inquiry, as opposed to the positive assumption or assertion of certain principles.
Skepticism	A doubting of the truth of revelation, or a denial of the divine origin of the Christian religion, or of the being, perfections, or truth of God.
Skepticize	To doubt; to pretend to doubt of everything.
Skerries	of Skerry
Skerry	A rocky isle; an insulated rock.
Sketch	An outline or general delineation of anything; a first rough or incomplete draught or plan of any design; especially, in the fine arts, such a representation of an object or scene as serves the artist's purpose by recording its chief features; also, a preliminary study for an original work.
Sketched	of Sketch
Sketching	of Sketch
Sketch	To draw the outline or chief features of; to make a rought of.
Sketch	To plan or describe by giving the principal points or ideas of.
Sketch	To make sketches, as of landscapes.
Sketchbook	A book of sketches or for sketches.
Sketcher	One who sketches.
Sketchily	In a sketchy or incomplete manner.
Sketchiness	The quality or state of being sketchy; lack of finish; incompleteness.
Sketchy	Containing only an outline or rough form; being in the manner of a sketch; incomplete.
Skew	Awry; obliquely; askew.
Skew	Turned or twisted to one side; situated obliquely; skewed; -- chiefly used in technical phrases.
Skew	A stone at the foot of the slope of a gable, the offset of a buttress, or the like, cut with a sloping surface and with a check to receive the coping stones and retain them in place.
Skewed	of Skew
Skewing	of Skew
Skew	To walk obliquely; to go sidling; to lie or move obliquely.
Skew	To start aside; to shy, as a horse.
Skew	To look obliquely; to squint; hence, to look slightingly or suspiciously.
Skew	To shape or form in an oblique way; to cause to take an oblique position.
Skew	To throw or hurl obliquely.
Skewbald	Marked with spots and patches of white and some color other than black; -- usually distinguished from piebald, in which the colors are properly white and black. Said of horses.
Skewer	A pin of wood or metal for fastening meat to a spit, or for keeping it in form while roasting.
Skewered	of Skewer
Skewering	of Skewer
Skewer	To fasten with skewers.
Skid	A shoe or clog, as of iron, attached to a chain, and placed under the wheel of a wagon to prevent its turning when descending a steep hill; a drag; a skidpan; also, by extension, a hook attached to a chain, and used for the same purpose.
Skid	A piece of timber used as a support, or to receive pressure.
Skid	Large fenders hung over a vessel's side to protect it in handling a cargo.
Skid	One of a pair of timbers or bars, usually arranged so as to form an inclined plane, as form a wagon to a door, along which anything is moved by sliding or rolling.
Skid	One of a pair of horizontal rails or timbers for supporting anything, as a boat, a barrel, etc.
Skidded	of Skid
Skidding	of Skid
Skid	To protect or support with a skid or skids; also, to cause to move on skids.
Skid	To check with a skid, as wagon wheels.
Skiddaw	The black guillemot.
Skidpan	See Skid, n., 1.
Skied	imp. & p. p. of Sky, v. t.
Skiey	See Skyey.
Skiff	A small, light boat.
Skiffed	of Skiff
Skiffing	of Skiff
Skiff	To navigate in a skiff.
Skiffling	Rough dressing by knocking off knobs or projections; knobbing.
Skilder	To beg; to pilfer; to skelder.
Skilful	See Skilful.
Skill	Discrimination; judgment; propriety; reason; cause.
Skill	Knowledge; understanding.
Skill	The familiar knowledge of any art or science, united with readiness and dexterity in execution or performance, or in the application of the art or science to practical purposes; power to discern and execute; ability to perceive and perform; expertness; aptitude; as, the skill of a mathematician, physician, surgeon, mechanic, etc.
Skill	Display of art; exercise of ability; contrivance; address.
Skill	Any particular art.
Skill	To know; to understand.
Skill	To be knowing; to have understanding; to be dexterous in performance.
Skill	To make a difference; to signify; to matter; -- used impersonally.
Skilled	Having familiar knowledge united with readiness and dexterity in its application; familiarly acquainted with; expert; skillful; -- often followed by in; as, a person skilled in drawing or geometry.
Skillet	A small vessel of iron, copper, or other metal, with a handle, used for culinary purpose, as for stewing meat.
Skillful	Discerning; reasonable; judicious; cunning.
Skillful	Possessed of, or displaying, skill; knowing and ready; expert; well-versed; able in management; as, a skillful mechanic; -- often followed by at, in, or of; as, skillful at the organ; skillful in drawing.
Skilligalee	A kind of thin, weak broth or oatmeal porridge, served out to prisoners and paupers in England; also, a drink made of oatmeal, sugar, and water, sometimes used in the English navy or army.
Skilling	A bay of a barn; also, a slight addition to a cottage.
Skilling	A money od account in Sweden, Norwey, Denmark, and North Germany, and also a coin. It had various values, from three fourths of a cent in Norway to more than two cents in Lubeck.
Skill-less	Wanting skill.
Skilts	A kind of large, coarse, short trousers formerly worn.
Skilty	The water rail.
Skimmed	of Skim
Skimming	of Skim
Skim	To clear (a liquid) from scum or substance floating or lying thereon, by means of a utensil that passes just beneath the surface; as, to skim milk; to skim broth.
Skim	To take off by skimming; as, to skim cream.
Skim	To pass near the surface of; to brush the surface of; to glide swiftly along the surface of.
Skim	Fig.: To read or examine superficially and rapidly, in order to cull the principal facts or thoughts; as, to skim a book or a newspaper.
Skim	To pass lightly; to glide along in an even, smooth course; to glide along near the surface.
Skim	To hasten along with superficial attention.
Skim	To put on the finishing coat of plaster.
Skim	Contraction of Skimming and Skimmed.
Skrim	Scum; refuse.
Skimback	The quillback.
Skimble-scamble	Rambling; disorderly; unconnected.
Skimitry	See Skimmington.
Skimmer	One who, or that which, skims; esp., a utensil with which liquids are skimmed.
Skimmer	Any species of longwinged marine birds of the genus Rhynchops, allied to the terns, but having the lower mandible compressed and much longer than the upper one. These birds fly rapidly along the surface of the water, with the lower mandible immersed, thus skimming out small fishes. The American species (R. nigra) is common on the southern coasts of the United States. Called also scissorbill, and shearbill.
Skimmer	Any one of several large bivalve shells, sometimes used for skimming milk, as the sea clams, and large scallops.
Skimmerton	See Skimmington.
Skimming	The act of one who skims.
Skimming	That which is skimmed from the surface of a liquid; -- chiefly used in the plural; as, the skimmings of broth.
Skimmingly	In a skimming manner.
Skimmington	A word employed in the phrase, To ride Skimmington; that is to ride on a horse with a woman, but behind her, facing backward, carrying a distaff, and accompanied by a procession of jeering neighbors making mock music; a cavalcade in ridicule of a henpecked man. The custom was in vogue in parts of England.
Skimped	of Skimp
Skimping	of Skimp
Skimp	To slight; to do carelessly; to scamp.
Skimp	To make insufficient allowance for; to scant; to scrimp.
Skimp	To save; to be parsimonious or niggardly.
Skimp	Scanty.
Skin	The external membranous integument of an animal.
Skin	The hide of an animal, separated from the body, whether green, dry, or tanned; especially, that of a small animal, as a calf, sheep, or goat.
Skin	A vessel made of skin, used for holding liquids. See Bottle, 1.
Skin	The bark or husk of a plant or fruit; the exterior coat of fruits and plants.
Skin	That part of a sail, when furled, which remains on the outside and covers the whole.
Skin	The covering, as of planking or iron plates, outside the framing, forming the sides and bottom of a vessel; the shell; also, a lining inside the framing.
Skinned	of Skin
Skinning	of Skin
Skin	To strip off the skin or hide of; to flay; to peel; as, to skin an animal.
Skin	To cover with skin, or as with skin; hence, to cover superficially.
Skin	To strip of money or property; to cheat.
Skin	To become covered with skin; as, a wound skins over.
Skin	To produce, in recitation, examination, etc., the work of another for one's own, or to use in such exercise cribs, memeoranda, etc., which are prohibited.
Skinbound	Having the skin adhering closely and rigidly to the flesh; hidebound.
Skinched	of Skinch
Skinching	of Skinch
Skinch	To give scant measure; to squeeze or pinch in order to effect a saving.
Skin-deep	Not deeper than the skin; hence, superficial.
Skinflint	A penurious person; a miser; a niggard.
Skinfuls	of Skinful
Skinful	As much as a skin can hold.
Skink	Any one of numerous species of regularly scaled harmless lizards of the family Scincidae, common in the warmer parts of all the continents.
Skinked	of Skink
Skinking	of Skink
Skink	To draw or serve, as drink.
Skink	To serve or draw liquor.
Skink	Drink; also, pottage.
Skinker	One who serves liquor; a tapster.
Skinless	Having no skin, or a very thin skin; as, skinless fruit.
Skinner	One who skins.
Skinner	One who deals in skins, pelts, or hides.
Skinniness	Quality of being skinny.
Skinny	Consisting, or chiefly consisting, of skin; wanting flesh.
Skip	A basket. See Skep.
Skip	A basket on wheels, used in cotton factories.
Skip	An iron bucket, which slides between guides, for hoisting mineral and rock.
Skip	A charge of sirup in the pans.
Skip	A beehive; a skep.
Skipped	of Skip
Skipping	of Skip
Skip	To leap lightly; to move in leaps and hounds; -- commonly implying a sportive spirit.
Skip	Fig.: To leave matters unnoticed, as in reading, speaking, or writing; to pass by, or overlook, portions of a thing; -- often followed by over.
Skip	To leap lightly over; as, to skip the rope.
Skip	To pass over or by without notice; to omit; to miss; as, to skip a line in reading; to skip a lesson.
Skip	To cause to skip; as, to skip a stone.
Skip	A light leap or bound.
Skip	The act of passing over an interval from one thing to another; an omission of a part.
Skip	A passage from one sound to another by more than a degree at once.
Skipjack	An upstart.
Skipjack	An elater; a snap bug, or snapping beetle.
Skipjack	A name given to several kinds of a fish, as the common bluefish, the alewife, the bonito, the butterfish, the cutlass fish, the jurel, the leather jacket, the runner, the saurel, the saury, the threadfish, etc.
Skipjack	A shallow sailboat with a rectilinear or V-shaped cross section.
Skipper	One who, or that which, skips.
Skipper	A young, thoughtless person.
Skipper	The saury (Scomberesox saurus).
Skipper	The cheese maggot. See Cheese fly, under Cheese.
Skipper	Any one of numerous species of small butterflies of the family Hesperiadae; -- so called from their peculiar short, jerking flight.
Skipper	The master of a fishing or small trading vessel; hence, the master, or captain, of any vessel.
Skipper	A ship boy.
Skippet	A small boat; a skiff.
Skippet	A small round box for keeping records.
Skippingly	In a skipping manner; by skips, or light leaps.
Skirl	To utter in a shrill tone; to scream.
Skirl	A shrill cry or sound.
Skirlcock	The missel thrush; -- so called from its harsh alarm note.
Skirlcrake	The turnstone.
Skirling	A shrill cry or sound; a crying shrilly; a skirl.
Skirling	A small trout or salmon; -- a name used loosely.
Skirmished	of Skirmish
Skirmishing	of Skirmish
Skirmish	To fight slightly or in small parties; to engage in a skirmish or skirmishes; to act as skirmishers.
Skirmish	A slight fight in war; a light or desultory combat between detachments from armies, or between detached and small bodies of troops.
Skirmish	A slight contest.
Skirmisher	One who skirmishes.
Skirmisher	Soldiers deployed in loose order, to cover the front or flanks of an advancing army or a marching column.
Skirr	To ramble over in order to clear; to scour.
Skirr	To scour; to scud; to run.
Skirr	A tern.
Skirret	An umbelliferous plant (Sium, / Pimpinella, Sisarum). It is a native of Asia, but has been long cultivated in Europe for its edible clustered tuberous roots, which are very sweet.
Skirrhus	See Scirrhus.
Skirt	The lower and loose part of a coat, dress, or other like garment; the part below the waist; as, the skirt of a coat, a dress, or a mantle.
Skirt	A loose edging to any part of a dress.
Skirt	Border; edge; margin; extreme part of anything
Skirt	A petticoat.
Skirt	The diaphragm, or midriff, in animals.
Skirted	of Skirt
Skirting	of Skirt
Skirt	To cover with a skirt; to surround.
Skirt	To border; to form the border or edge of; to run along the edge of; as, the plain was skirted by rows of trees.
Skirt	To be on the border; to live near the border, or extremity.
Skirting	A skirting board.
Skirting	Skirts, taken collectivelly; material for skirts.
Skit	To cast reflections on; to asperse.
Skit	A reflection; a jeer or gibe; a sally; a brief satire; a squib.
Skit	A wanton girl; a light wench.
Skittish	Easily frightened; timorous; shy; untrustworthy; as, a skittish colt.
Skittish	Wanton; restive; freakish; volatile; changeable; fickle.
Skittle	Pertaining to the game of skittles.
Skittle-dog	The piked dogfish.
Skittles	An English game resembling ninepins, but played by throwing wooden disks, instead of rolling balls, at the pins.
Skitty	A rail; as, the water rail (called also skitty cock, and skitty coot); the spotted crake (Porzana maruetta), and the moor hen.
Skive	The iron lap used by diamond polishers in finishing the facets of the gem.
Skive	To pare or shave off the rough or thick parts of (hides or leather).
Skiver	An inferior quality of leather, made of split sheepskin, tanned by immersion in sumac, and dyed. It is used for hat linings, pocketbooks, bookbinding, etc.
Skiver	The cutting tool or machine used in splitting leather or skins, as sheepskins.
Skiving	The act of paring or splitting leather or skins.
Skiving	A piece made in paring or splitting leather; specifically, the part from the inner, or flesh, side.
Sklayre	A vell.
Sklere	To shelter; to cover.
Skolecite	Alt. of Skolezite
Skolezite	See Scolecite.
Skonce	See Sconce.
Scopster	The saury.
Skorodite	See Scorodite.
Skout	A guillemot.
Skowitz	The silver salmon.
Skreen	See Screen.
Skrike	To shriek.
Skrike	The missel thrush.
Skrimmage	See Scrimmage.
Skrimp	See Scrimp.
Skringe	See Scringe.
Skrite	The skrike.
Skua	Any jager gull; especially, the Megalestris skua; -- called also boatswain.
Skue	See Skew.
Skulked	of Skulk
Skulking	of Skulk
Skulk	To hide, or get out of the way, in a sneaking manner; to lie close, or to move in a furtive way; to lurk.
Skulk	A number of foxes together.
Skulk	Alt. of Skulker
Skulker	One who, or that which, skulks.
Skulkingly	In a skulking manner.
Skull	A school, company, or shoal.
Skull	The skeleton of the head of a vertebrate animal, including the brain case, or cranium, and the bones and cartilages of the face and mouth. See Illusts. of Carnivora, of Facial angles under Facial, and of Skeleton, in Appendix.
Skull	The head or brain; the seat of intelligence; mind.
Skull	A covering for the head; a skullcap.
Skull	A sort of oar. See Scull.
Skullcap	A cap which fits the head closely; also, formerly, a headpiece of iron sewed inside of a cap for protection.
Skullcap	Any plant of the labiate genus Scutellaria, the calyx of whose flower appears, when inverted, like a helmet with the visor raised.
Skullcap	The Lophiomys.
Skullfish	A whaler's name for a whale more than two years old.
Skulpin	See Sculpin.
Skun	See Scum.
Skunk	Any one of several species of American musteline carnivores of the genus Mephitis and allied genera. They have two glands near the anus, secreting an extremely fetid liquid, which the animal ejects at pleasure as a means of defense.
Skunk	In games of chance and skill: To defeat (an opponent) (as in cards) so that he fails to gain a point, or (in checkers) to get a king.
Skunkball	The surf duck.
Skunkhead	The surf duck.
Skunkhead	A duck (Camptolaimus Labradorus) which formerly inhabited the Atlantic coast of New England. It is now supposed to be extinct. Called also Labrador duck, and pied duck.
Skunkish	Like the skunk, especially in odor.
Skunktop	The surf duck.
Skunkweed	Skunk cabbage.
Skurry	See Scurry.
Skute	A boat; a small vessel.
Skutterudite	A mineral of a bright metallic luster and tin-white to pale lead-gray color. It consists of arsenic and cobalt.
Skies	of Sky
Sky	A cloud.
Sky	Hence, a shadow.
Sky	The apparent arch, or vault, of heaven, which in a clear day is of a blue color; the heavens; the firmament; -- sometimes in the plural.
Sky	The wheather; the climate.
Skied	of Sky
Skyed	of Sky
Skying	of Sky
Sky	To hang (a picture on exhibition) near the top of a wall, where it can not be well seen.
Sky	To throw towards the sky; as, to sky a ball at cricket.
Sky-blue	Having the blue color of the sky; azure; as, a sky-blue stone.
Skyed	Surrounded by sky.
Skye terrier	See Terrier.
Skyey	Like the sky; ethereal; being in the sky.
Sky-high	Very high.
Skyish	Like the sky, or approaching the sky; lofty; ethereal.
Skylark	A lark that mounts and sings as it files, especially the common species (Alauda arvensis) found in Europe and in some parts of Asia, and celebrated for its melodious song; -- called also sky laverock. See under Lark.
Skylarking	The act of running about the rigging of a vessel in sport; hence, frolicking; scuffing; sporting; carousing.
Skylight	A window placed in the roof of a building, in the ceiling of a room, or in the deck of a ship, for the admission of light from above.
Skyrocket	A rocket that ascends high and burns as it flies; a species of fireworks.
Skysail	The sail set next above the royal. See Illust. under Sail.
Skyward	Toward the sky.
Slab	A thin piece of anything, especially of marble or other stone, having plane surfaces.
Slab	An outside piece taken from a log or timber in sawing it into boards, planks, etc.
Slab	The wryneck.
Slab	The slack part of a sail.
Slab	Thick; viscous.
Slab	That which is slimy or viscous; moist earth; mud; also, a puddle.
Slabbered	of Slabber
Slabbering	of Slabber
Slabber	To let saliva or some liquid fall from the mouth carelessly, like a child or an idiot; to drivel; to drool.
Slabber	To wet and foul spittle, or as if with spittle.
Slabber	To spill liquid upon; to smear carelessly; to spill, as liquid foed or drink, in careless eating or drinking.
Slabber	Spittle; saliva; slaver.
Slabber	A saw for cutting slabs from logs.
Slabber	A slabbing machine.
Slabberer	One who slabbers, or drools; hence, an idiot.
Slabbery	Like, or covered with, slabber or slab; slippery; sloppy.
Slabbiness	Quality of being slabby.
Slabbing	Adapted for forming slabs, or for dressing flat surfaces.
Slabby	Thick; viscous.
Slabby	Sloppy; slimy; miry. See Sloppy.
Slab-sided	Having flat sides; hence, tall, or long and lank.
Slack	Small coal; also, coal dust; culm.
Slack	A valley, or small, shallow dell.
Slack	Lax; not tense; not hard drawn; not firmly extended; as, a slack rope.
Slack	Weak; not holding fast; as, a slack hand.
Slack	Remiss; backward; not using due diligence or care; not earnest or eager; as, slack in duty or service.
Slack	Not violent, rapid, or pressing; slow; moderate; easy; as, business is slack.
Slack	Slackly; as, slack dried hops.
Slack	The part of anything that hangs loose, having no strain upon it; as, the slack of a rope or of a sail.
Slacked	of Slacken
Slackened	of Slacken
Slacking	of Slacken
Slackening	of Slacken
Slack	Alt. of Slacken
Slacken	To become slack; to be made less tense, firm, or rigid; to decrease in tension; as, a wet cord slackens in dry weather.
Slacken	To be remiss or backward; to be negligent.
Slacken	To lose cohesion or solidity by a chemical combination with water; to slake; as, lime slacks.
Slacken	To abate; to become less violent.
Slacken	To lose rapidity; to become more slow; as, a current of water slackens.
Slacken	To languish; to fail; to flag.
Slacken	To end; to cease; to desist; to slake.
Slack	Alt. of Slacken
Slacken	To render slack; to make less tense or firm; as, to slack a rope; to slacken a bandage.
Slacken	To neglect; to be remiss in.
Slacken	To deprive of cohesion by combining chemically with water; to slake; as, to slack lime.
Slacken	To cause to become less eager; to repress; to make slow or less rapid; to retard; as, to slacken pursuit; to slacken industry.
Slacken	To cause to become less intense; to mitigate; to abate; to ease.
Slacken	A spongy, semivitrifled substance which miners or smelters mix with the ores of metals to prevent their fusion.
Slackly	In a slack manner.
Slackness	The quality or state of being slack.
Slade	A little dell or valley; a flat piece of low, moist ground.
Slade	The sole of a plow.
Slag	The dross, or recrement, of a metal; also, vitrified cinders.
Slag	The scoria of a volcano.
Slaggy	Of or pertaining to slag; resembling slag; as, slaggy cobalt.
Slaie	A weaver's reed; a sley.
Slaked	of Slake
Slaking	of Slake
Slake	To allay; to quench; to extinguish; as, to slake thirst.
Slake	To mix with water, so that a true chemical combination shall take place; to slack; as, to slake lime.
Slake	To go out; to become extinct.
Slake	To abate; to become less decided.
Slake	To slacken; to become relaxed.
Slake	To become mixed with water, so that a true chemical combination takes place; as, the lime slakes.
Slakeless	Not capable of being slaked.
Slakin	Slacken.
Slammed	of Slam
Slamming	of Slam
Slam	To shut with force and a loud noise; to bang; as, he slammed the door.
Slam	To put in or on some place with force and loud noise; -- usually with down; as, to slam a trunk down on the pavement.
Slam	To strike with some implement with force; hence, to beat or cuff.
Slam	To strike down; to slaughter.
Slam	To defeat (opponents at cards) by winning all the tricks of a deal or a hand.
Slam	To come or swing against something, or to shut, with sudden force so as to produce a shock and noise; as, a door or shutter slams.
Slam	The act of one who, or that which, slams.
Slam	The shock and noise produced in slamming.
Slam	Winning all the tricks of a deal.
Slam	The refuse of alum works.
Slam-bang	With great violence; with a slamming or banging noise.
Slamkin	Alt. of Slammerkin
Slammerkin	A slut; a slatternly woman.
Slander	A false tale or report maliciously uttered, tending to injure the reputation of another; the malicious utterance of defamatory reports; the dissemination of malicious tales or suggestions to the injury of another.
Slander	Disgrace; reproach; dishonor; opprobrium.
Slander	Formerly, defamation generally, whether oral or written; in modern usage, defamation by words spoken; utterance of false, malicious, and defamatory words, tending to the damage and derogation of another; calumny. See the Note under Defamation.
Slandered	of Slander
Slandering	of Slander
Slander	To defame; to injure by maliciously uttering a false report; to tarnish or impair the reputation of by false tales maliciously told or propagated; to calumniate.
Slander	To bring discredit or shame upon by one's acts.
Slanderer	One who slanders; a defamer; a calumniator.
Slanderous	Given or disposed to slander; uttering slander.
Slanderous	Embodying or containing slander; calumnious; as, slanderous words, speeches, or reports.
Slang	imp. of Sling. Slung.
Slang	Any long, narrow piece of land; a promontory.
Slang	A fetter worn on the leg by a convict.
Slang	Low, vulgar, unauthorized language; a popular but unauthorized word, phrase, or mode of expression; also, the jargon of some particular calling or class in society; low popular cant; as, the slang of the theater, of college, of sailors, etc.
Slanged	of Slang
Slanging	of Slang
Slang	To address with slang or ribaldry; to insult with vulgar language.
Slanginess	Quality of being slangy.
Slangous	Slangy.
Slang-whanger	One who uses abusive slang; a ranting partisan.
Slangy	Of or pertaining to slang; of the nature of slang; disposed to use slang.
Slank	imp. & p. p. of Slink.
Slanted	of Slant
Slanting	of Slant
Slant	To be turned or inclined from a right line or level; to lie obliquely; to slope.
Slant	To turn from a direct line; to give an oblique or sloping direction to; as, to slant a line.
Slant	A slanting direction or plane; a slope; as, it lies on a slant.
Slant	An oblique reflection or gibe; a sarcastic remark.
Slant	Inclined from a direct line, whether horizontal or perpendicular; sloping; oblique.
Slanting	Oblique; sloping.
Slantwise	Alt. of Slantly
Slantly	In an inclined direction; obliquely; slopingly.
Slap	A blow, esp. one given with the open hand, or with something broad.
Slapped	of Slap
Slapping	of Slap
Slap	To strike with the open hand, or with something broad.
Slap	With a sudden and violent blow; hence, quickly; instantly; directly.
Slapdash	In a bold, careless manner; at random.
Slapdash	With a slap; all at once; slap.
Slapdash	To apply, or apply something to, in a hasty, careless, or rough manner; to roughcast; as, to slapdash mortar or paint on a wall, or to slapdash a wall.
Slape	Slippery; smooth; crafty; hypocritical.
Slapeface	A soft-spoken, crafty hypocrite.
Slapjack	A flat batter cake cooked on a griddle; a flapjack; a griddlecake.
Slapper	One who, or that which, slaps.
Slapper	Anything monstrous; a whopper.
Slapper	Alt. of Slapping
Slapping	Very large; monstrous; big.
Slashed	of Slash
Slashing	of Slash
Slash	To cut by striking violently and at random; to cut in long slits.
Slash	To lash; to ply the whip to.
Slash	To crack or snap, as a whip.
Slash	To strike violently and at random, esp. with an edged instrument; to lay about one indiscriminately with blows; to cut hastily and carelessly.
Slash	A long cut; a cut made at random.
Slash	A large slit in the material of any garment, made to show the lining through the openings.
Slash	Swampy or wet lands overgrown with bushes.
Slashed	Marked or cut with a slash or slashes; deeply gashed; especially, having long, narrow openings, as a sleeve or other part of a garment, to show rich lining or under vesture.
Slashed	Divided into many narrow parts or segments by sharp incisions; laciniate.
Slasher	A machine for applying size to warp yarns.
Slash pine	A kind of pine tree (Pinus Cubensis) found in Southern Florida and the West Indies; -- so called because it grows in "slashes."
Slashy	Wet and dirty; slushy.
Slat	A thin, narrow strip or bar of wood or metal; as, the slats of a window blind.
Slatted	of Slat
Slatting	of Slat
Slat	To slap; to strike; to beat; to throw down violently.
Slat	To split; to crack.
Slat	To set on; to incite. See 3d Slate.
Slatch	The period of a transitory breeze.
Slatch	An interval of fair weather.
Slatch	The loose or slack part of a rope; slack.
Slate	An argillaceous rock which readily splits into thin plates; argillite; argillaceous schist.
Slate	Any rock or stone having a slaty structure.
Slate	A prepared piece of such stone.
Slate	A thin, flat piece, for roofing or covering houses, etc.
Slate	A tablet for writing upon.
Slate	An artificial material, resembling slate, and used for the above purposes.
Slate	A thin plate of any material; a flake.
Slate	A list of candidates, prepared for nomination or for election; a list of candidates, or a programme of action, devised beforehand.
Slated	of Slate
Slating	of Slate
Slate	To cover with slate, or with a substance resembling slate; as, to slate a roof; to slate a globe.
Slate	To register (as on a slate and subject to revision), for an appointment.
Slate	To set a dog upon; to bait; to slat. See 2d Slat, 3.
Slate-color	A dark bluish gray color.
Slate-gray	Of a dark gray, like slate.
Slater	One who lays slates, or whose occupation is to slate buildings.
Slater	Any terrestrial isopod crustacean of the genus Porcellio and allied genera; a sow bug.
Slating	The act of covering with slate, slates, or a substance resembling slate; the work of a slater.
Slating	Slates, collectively; also, material for slating.
Slatt	A slab of stone used as a veneer for coarse masonry.
Slatter	To be careless, negligent, or aswkward, esp. with regard to dress and neatness; to be wasteful.
Slattern	A woman who is negligent of her dress or house; one who is not neat and nice.
Slattern	Resembling a slattern; sluttish; slatterny.
Slattern	To consume carelessly or wastefully; to waste; -- with away.
Slatternliness	The quality or state of being slatternly; slovenliness; untidiness.
Slatternly	Resembling a slattern; sluttish; negligent; dirty.
Slatternly	In a slatternly manner.
Slatterpouch	A dance or game played by boys, requiring active exercise.
Slatting	Slats, collectively.
Slatting	The violent shaking or flapping of anything hanging loose in the wind, as of a sail, when being hauled down.
Slaty	Resembling slate; having the nature, appearance, or properties, of slate; composed of thin parallel plates, capable of being separated by splitting; as, a slaty color or texture.
Slaughter	The act of killing.
Slaughter	The extensive, violent, bloody, or wanton destruction of life; carnage.
Slaughter	The act of killing cattle or other beasts for market.
Slaughtered	of Slaughter
Slaughtering	of Slaughter
Slaughter	To visit with great destruction of life; to kill; to slay in battle.
Slaughter	To butcher; to kill for the market, as beasts.
Slaughterer	One who slaughters.
Slaughterhouse	A house where beasts are butchered for the market.
Slaughtermen	of Slaughterman
Slaughterman	One employed in slaughtering.
Slaughterous	Destructive; murderous.
Slavs	of Slav
Slav	One of a race of people occupying a large part of Eastern and Northern Europe, including the Russians, Bulgarians, Roumanians, Servo-Croats, Slovenes, Poles, Czechs, Wends or Sorbs, Slovaks, etc.
Slave	See Slav.
Slave	A person who is held in bondage to another; one who is wholly subject to the will of another; one who is held as a chattel; one who has no freedom of action, but whose person and services are wholly under the control of another.
Slave	One who has lost the power of resistance; one who surrenders himself to any power whatever; as, a slave to passion, to lust, to strong drink, to ambition.
Slave	A drudge; one who labors like a slave.
Slave	An abject person; a wretch.
Slaved	of Slave
Slaving	of Slave
Slave	To drudge; to toil; to labor as a slave.
Slave	To enslave.
Slaveborn	Born in slavery.
Slaveholder	One who holds slaves.
Slaveholding	Holding persons in slavery.
Slaveocracy	See Slavocracy.
Slaver	A vessel engaged in the slave trade; a slave ship.
Slaver	A person engaged in the purchase and sale of slaves; a slave merchant, or slave trader.
Slavered	of Slaver
Slavering	of Slaver
Slaver	To suffer spittle, etc., to run from the mouth.
Slaver	To be besmeared with saliva.
Slaver	To smear with saliva issuing from the mouth; to defile with drivel; to slabber.
Slaver	Saliva driveling from the mouth.
Slaverer	A driveler; an idiot.
Slavering	Drooling; defiling with saliva.
Slaveries	of Slavery
Slavery	The condition of a slave; the state of entire subjection of one person to the will of another.
Slavery	A condition of subjection or submission characterized by lack of freedom of action or of will.
Slavery	The holding of slaves.
Slavey	A maidservant.
Slavic	Slavonic.
Slavic	The group of allied languages spoken by the Slavs.
Slavish	Of or pertaining to slaves; such as becomes or befits a slave; servile; excessively laborious; as, a slavish life; a slavish dependance on the great.
Slavism	The common feeling and interest of the Slavonic race.
Slavocracy	The persons or interest formerly representing slavery politically, or wielding political power for the preservation or advancement of slavery.
Slavonian	Alt. of Slavonic
Slavonic	Of or pertaining to Slavonia, or its inhabitants.
Slavonic	Of or pertaining to the Slavs, or their language.
Slavonian	A native or inhabitant of Slavonia; ethnologically, a Slav.
Slavophil	Alt. of Slavophile
Slavophile	One, not being a Slav, who is interested in the development and prosperity of that race.
Slaw	Sliced cabbage served as a salad, cooked or uncooked.
Slaw	Alt. of Slawen
Slawen	p. p. of Slee, to slay.
Slew	of Slay
Slain	of Slay
Slaying	of Slay
Slay	To put to death with a weapon, or by violence; hence, to kill; to put an end to; to destroy.
Slayer	One who slays; a killer; a murderer; a destrroyer of life.
Slazy	See Sleazy.
Sle	To slay.
Sleave	The knotted or entangled part of silk or thread.
Sleave	Silk not yet twisted; floss; -- called also sleave silk.
Sleaved	of Sleave
Sleaving	of Sleave
Sleave	To separate, as threads; to divide, as a collection of threads; to sley; -- a weaver's term.
Sleaved	Raw; not spun or wrought; as, sleaved thread or silk.
Sleaziness	Quality of being sleazy.
Sleazy	Wanting firmness of texture or substance; thin; flimsy; as, sleazy silk or muslin.
Sled	A vehicle on runners, used for conveying loads over the snow or ice; -- in England called sledge.
Sled	A small, light vehicle with runners, used, mostly by young persons, for sliding on snow or ice.
Sledded	of Sled
Sledding	of Sled
Sled	To convey or transport on a sled; as, to sled wood or timber.
Sledding	The act of transporting or riding on a sled.
Sledding	The state of the snow which admits of the running of sleds; as, the sledding is good.
Sledge	A strong vehicle with low runners or low wheels; or one without wheels or runners, made of plank slightly turned up at one end, used for transporting loads upon the snow, ice, or bare ground; a sled.
Sledge	A hurdle on which, formerly, traitors were drawn to the place of execution.
Sledge	A sleigh.
Sledge	A game at cards; -- called also old sledge, and all fours.
Sledged	of Sledge
Sledging	of Sledge
Sledge	To travel or convey in a sledge or sledges.
Sledge	A large, heavy hammer, usually wielded with both hands; -- called also sledge hammer.
Slee	To slay.
Sleek	Having an even, smooth surface; smooth; hence, glossy; as, sleek hair.
Sleek	Not rough or harsh.
Sleek	With ease and dexterity.
Sleek	That which makes smooth; varnish.
Sleeked	of Sleek
Sleeking	of Sleek
Sleek	To make even and smooth; to render smooth, soft, and glossy; to smooth over.
Sleekly	In a sleek manner; smoothly.
Sleekness	The quality or state of being sleek; smoothness and glossiness of surface.
Sleeky	Of a sleek, or smooth, and glossy appearance.
Sleeky	Fawning and deceitful; sly.
Sleep	imp. of Sleep. Slept.
Slept	of Sleep
Sleeping	of Sleep
Sleep	To take rest by a suspension of the voluntary exercise of the powers of the body and mind, and an apathy of the organs of sense; to slumber.
Sleep	To be careless, inattentive, or uncouncerned; not to be vigilant; to live thoughtlessly.
Sleep	To be dead; to lie in the grave.
Sleep	To be, or appear to be, in repose; to be quiet; to be unemployed, unused, or unagitated; to rest; to lie dormant; as, a question sleeps for the present; the law sleeps.
Sleep	To be slumbering in; -- followed by a cognate object; as, to sleep a dreamless sleep.
Sleep	To give sleep to; to furnish with accomodations for sleeping; to lodge.
Sleep	A natural and healthy, but temporary and periodical, suspension of the functions of the organs of sense, as well as of those of the voluntary and rational soul; that state of the animal in which there is a lessened acuteness of sensory perception, a confusion of ideas, and a loss of mental control, followed by a more or less unconscious state.
Sleep-at-noon	A plant (Tragopogon pratensis) which closes its flowers at midday; a kind of goat's beard.
Sleep-charged	Heavy with sleep.
Sleeper	One who sleeps; a slumberer; hence, a drone, or lazy person.
Sleeper	That which lies dormant, as a law.
Sleeper	A sleeping car.
Sleeper	An animal that hibernates, as the bear.
Sleeper	A large fresh-water gobioid fish (Eleotris dormatrix).
Sleeper	A nurse shark. See under Nurse.
Sleeper	Something lying in a reclining posture or position.
Sleeper	One of the pieces of timber, stone, or iron, on or near the level of the ground, for the support of some superstructure, to steady framework, to keep in place the rails of a railway, etc.; a stringpiece.
Sleeper	One of the joists, or roughly shaped timbers, laid directly upon the ground, to receive the flooring of the ground story.
Sleeper	One of the knees which connect the transoms to the after timbers on the ship's quarter.
Sleeper	The lowest, or bottom, tier of casks.
Sleepful	Strongly inclined to sleep; very sleepy.
Sleepily	In a sleepy manner; drowsily.
Sleepiness	The quality or state of being sleepy.
Sleeping	a. & n. from Sleep.
Sleepish	Disposed to sleep; sleepy; drowsy.
Sleepless	Having no sleep; wakeful.
Sleepless	Having no rest; perpetually agitated.
Sleepmarken	See 1st Hag, 4.
Sleepwaker	On in a state of magnetic or mesmeric sleep.
Sleepwaking	The state of one mesmerized, or in a partial and morbid sleep.
Sleepwalker	One who walks in his sleep; a somnambulist.
Sleepwalking	Walking in one's sleep.
Sleepy	Drowsy; inclined to, or overcome by, sleep.
Sleepy	Tending to induce sleep; soporiferous; somniferous; as, a sleepy drink or potion.
Sleepy	Dull; lazy; heavy; sluggish.
Sleepy	Characterized by an absence of watchfulness; as, sleepy security.
Sleepyhead	A sleepy person.
Sleepyhead	The ruddy duck.
Sleer	A slayer.
Sleet	The part of a mortar extending from the chamber to the trunnions.
Sleet	Hail or snow, mingled with rain, usually falling, or driven by the wind, in fine particles.
Sleeted	of Sleet
Sleeting	of Sleet
Sleet	To snow or hail with a mixture of rain.
Sleetch	Mud or slime, such as that at the bottom of rivers.
Sleetiness	The state of being sleety.
Sleety	Of or pertaining to sleet; characterized by sleet; as, a sleety storm; sleety weather.
Sleeve	See Sleave, untwisted thread.
Sleeve	The part of a garment which covers the arm; as, the sleeve of a coat or a gown.
Sleeve	A narrow channel of water.
Sleeve	A tubular part made to cover, sustain, or steady another part, or to form a connection between two parts.
Sleeve	A long bushing or thimble, as in the nave of a wheel.
Sleeve	A short piece of pipe used for covering a joint, or forming a joint between the ends of two other pipes.
Sleeved	of Sleeve
Sleeving	of Sleeve
Sleeve	To furnish with sleeves; to put sleeves into; as, to sleeve a coat.
Sleeved	Having sleeves; furnished with sleeves; -- often in composition; as, long-sleeved.
Sleevefish	A squid.
Sleevehand	The part of a sleeve nearest the hand; a cuff or wristband.
Sleeveless	Having no sleeves.
Sleeveless	Wanting a cover, pretext, or palliation; unreasonable; profitless; bootless; useless.
Sleided	of Sleid
Sleiding	of Sleid
Sleid	To sley, or prepare for use in the weaver's sley, or slaie.
Sleigh	Sly.
Sleigh	A vehicle moved on runners, and used for transporting persons or goods on snow or ice; -- in England commonly called a sledge.
Sleighing	The act of riding in a sleigh.
Sleighing	The state of the snow or ice which admits of running sleighs.
Sleight	Cunning; craft; artful practice.
Sleight	An artful trick; sly artifice; a feat so dexterous that the manner of performance escapes observation.
Sleight	Dexterous practice; dexterity; skill.
Sleightful	Cunning; dexterous.
Sleightly	Cinningly.
Sleighty	Cinning; sly.
Slender	Small or narrow in proportion to the length or the height; not thick; slim; as, a slender stem or stalk of a plant.
Slender	Weak; feeble; not strong; slight; as, slender hope; a slender constitution.
Slender	Moderate; trivial; inconsiderable; slight; as, a man of slender intelligence.
Slender	Small; inadequate; meager; pitiful; as, slender means of support; a slender pittance.
Slender	Spare; abstemious; frugal; as, a slender diet.
Slender	Uttered with a thin tone; -- the opposite of broad; as, the slender vowels long e and i.
Slent	See Slant.
Slep	imp. of Sleep. Slept.
Slepez	A burrowing rodent (Spalax typhlus), native of Russia and Asia Minor. It has the general appearance of a mole, and is destitute of eyes. Called also mole rat.
Slept	imp. & p. p. of Sleep.
Sleuth	The track of man or beast as followed by the scent.
Sleuthhound	A hound that tracks animals by the scent; specifically, a bloodhound.
Slew	imp. of Slay.
Slew	See Slue.
Slewed	Somewhat drunk.
Slewth	Sloth; idleness.
Sley	A weaver's reed.
Sley	A guideway in a knitting machine.
Sley	To separate or part the threads of, and arrange them in a reed; -- a term used by weavers. See Sleave, and Sleid.
Slibber	Slippery.
Slice	A thin, broad piece cut off; as, a slice of bacon; a slice of cheese; a slice of bread.
Slice	That which is thin and broad, like a slice.
Slice	A broad, thin piece of plaster.
Slice	A salver, platter, or tray.
Slice	A knife with a thin, broad blade for taking up or serving fish; also, a spatula for spreading anything, as paint or ink.
Slice	A plate of iron with a handle, forming a kind of chisel, or a spadelike implement, variously proportioned, and used for various purposes, as for stripping the planking from a vessel's side, for cutting blubber from a whale, or for stirring a fire of coals; a slice bar; a peel; a fire shovel.
Slice	One of the wedges by which the cradle and the ship are lifted clear of the building blocks to prepare for launching.
Slice	A removable sliding bottom to galley.
Sliced	of Slice
Slicing	of Slice
Slice	To cut into thin pieces, or to cut off a thin, broad piece from.
Slice	To cut into parts; to divide.
Slice	To clear by means of a slice bar, as a fire or the grate bars of a furnace.
Slicer	One who, or that which, slices; specifically, the circular saw of the lapidary.
Slich	Alt. of Slick
Slick	See Schlich.
Slick	Sleek; smooth.
Slick	To make sleek or smoth.
Slick	A wide paring chisel.
Slicken	Sleek; smooth.
Slickens	The pulverized matter from a quartz mill, or the lighter soil of hydraulic mines.
Slickensides	The smooth, striated, or partially polished surfaces of a fissure or seam, supposed to have been produced by the sliding of one surface on another.
Slickensides	A variety of galena found in Derbyshire, England.
Slicker	That which makes smooth or sleek.
Slicker	A kind of burnisher for leather.
Slicker	A curved tool for smoothing the surfaces of a mold after the withdrawal of the pattern.
Slicker	A waterproof coat.
Slicking	The act or process of smoothing.
Slicking	Narrow veins of ore.
Slickness	The state or quality of being slick; smoothness; sleekness.
Slid	imp. & p. p. of Slide.
Slidden	p. p. of Slide.
Slidder	To slide with interruption.
Slidder	Alt. of Sliddery
Slidderly	Alt. of Sliddery
Sliddery	Slippery.
Slid	of Slide
Slidden	of Slide
Slid	of Slide
Slidding	of Slide
Slide	To move along the surface of any body by slipping, or without walking or rolling; to slip; to glide; as, snow slides down the mountain's side.
Slide	Especially, to move over snow or ice with a smooth, uninterrupted motion, as on a sled moving by the force of gravity, or on the feet.
Slide	To pass inadvertently.
Slide	To pass along smoothly or unobservedly; to move gently onward without friction or hindrance; as, a ship or boat slides through the water.
Slide	To slip when walking or standing; to fall.
Slide	To pass from one note to another with no perceptible cassation of sound.
Slide	To pass out of one's thought as not being of any consequence.
Slide	To cause to slide; to thrust along; as, to slide one piece of timber along another.
Slide	To pass or put imperceptibly; to slip; as, to slide in a word to vary the sense of a question.
Slide	The act of sliding; as, a slide on the ice.
Slide	Smooth, even passage or progress.
Slide	That on which anything moves by sliding.
Slide	An inclined plane on which heavy bodies slide by the force of gravity, esp. one constructed on a mountain side for conveying logs by sliding them down.
Slide	A surface of ice or snow on which children slide for amusement.
Slide	That which operates by sliding.
Slide	A cover which opens or closes an aperture by sliding over it.
Slide	A moving piece which is guided by a part or parts along which it slides.
Slide	A clasp or brooch for a belt, or the like.
Slide	A plate or slip of glass on which is a picture or delineation to be exhibited by means of a magic lantern, stereopticon, or the like; a plate on which is an object to be examined with a microscope.
Slide	The descent of a mass of earth, rock, or snow down a hill or mountain side; as, a land slide, or a snow slide; also, the track of bare rock left by a land slide.
Slide	A small dislocation in beds of rock along a line of fissure.
Slide	A grace consisting of two or more small notes moving by conjoint degrees, and leading to a principal note either above or below.
Slide	An apparatus in the trumpet and trombone by which the sounding tube is lengthened and shortened so as to produce the tones between the fundamental and its harmonics.
Slide	A sound which, by a gradual change in the position of the vocal organs, passes imperceptibly into another sound.
Slide	Same as Guide bar, under Guide.
Slide	A slide valve.
Slidegroat	The game of shovelboard.
Slider	See Slidder.
Slider	One who, or that which, slides; especially, a sliding part of an instrument or machine.
Slider	The red-bellied terrapin (Pseudemys rugosa).
Sliding	That slides or slips; gliding; moving smoothly.
Sliding	Slippery; elusory.
Slidometer	An instrument for indicating and recording shocks to railway cars occasioned by sudden stopping.
Slight	Sleight.
Slight	To overthrow; to demolish.
Slight	To make even or level.
Slight	To throw heedlessly.
Slight	Not decidedly marked; not forcible; inconsiderable; unimportant; insignificant; not severe; weak; gentle; -- applied in a great variety of circumstances; as, a slight (i. e., feeble) effort; a slight (i. e., perishable) structure; a slight (i. e., not deep) impression; a slight (i. e., not convincing) argument; a slight (i. e., not thorough) examination; slight (i. e., not severe) pain, and the like.
Slight	Not stout or heavy; slender.
Slight	Foolish; silly; weak in intellect.
Slighted	of Slight
Slighting	of Slight
Slight	To disregard, as of little value and unworthy of notice; to make light of; as, to slight the divine commands.
Slight	The act of slighting; the manifestation of a moderate degree of contempt, as by neglect or oversight; neglect; indignity.
Slight	Slightly.
Slighten	To slight.
Slighter	One who slights.
Slightful	See Sleightful.
Slighting	Characterized by neglect or disregard.
Slightingly	In a slighting manner.
Slightly	In a slight manner.
Slightly	Slightingly; negligently.
Slightness	The quality or state of being slight; slenderness; feebleness; superficiality; also, formerly, negligence; indifference; disregard.
Slighty	Slight.
Slik	Such.
Silkensides	Same as Slickensides.
Slily	See Slyly.
Slim	Worthless; bad.
Slim	Weak; slight; unsubstantial; poor; as, a slim argument.
Slim	Of small diameter or thickness in proportion to the height or length; slender; as, a slim person; a slim tree.
Slime	Soft, moist earth or clay, having an adhesive quality; viscous mud.
Slime	Any mucilaginous substance; any substance of a dirty nature, that is moist, soft, and adhesive.
Slime	Bitumen.
Slime	Mud containing metallic ore, obtained in the preparatory dressing.
Slime	A mucuslike substance which exudes from the bodies of certain animals.
Slimed	of Slime
Sliming	of Slime
Slime	To smear with slime.
Slimily	In a slimy manner.
Sliminess	The quality or state of being slimy.
Slimly	In a state of slimness; in a slim manner; slenderly.
Slimness	The quality or state of being slim.
Slimsy	Flimsy; frail.
Slimy	Of or pertaining to slime; resembling slime; of the nature of slime; viscous; glutinous; also, covered or daubed with slime; yielding, or abounding in, slime.
Sliness	See Slyness.
Sling	An instrument for throwing stones or other missiles, consisting of a short strap with two strings fastened to its ends, or with a string fastened to one end and a light stick to the other. The missile being lodged in a hole in the strap, the ends of the string are taken in the hand, and the whole whirled rapidly round until, by loosing one end, the missile is let fly with centrifugal force.
Sling	The act or motion of hurling as with a sling; a throw; figuratively, a stroke.
Sling	A contrivance for sustaining anything by suspension
Sling	A kind of hanging bandage put around the neck, in which a wounded arm or hand is supported.
Sling	A loop of rope, or a rope or chain with hooks, for suspending a barrel, bale, or other heavy object, in hoisting or lowering.
Sling	A strap attached to a firearm, for suspending it from the shoulder.
Sling	A band of rope or iron for securing a yard to a mast; -- chiefly in the plural.
Slung	of Sling
Slang	of Sling
Slung	of Sling
Slinging	of Sling
Sling	To throw with a sling.
Sling	To throw; to hurl; to cast.
Sling	To hang so as to swing; as, to sling a pack.
Sling	To pass a rope round, as a cask, gun, etc., preparatory to attaching a hoisting or lowering tackle.
Sling	A drink composed of spirit (usually gin) and water sweetened.
Slinger	One who slings, or uses a sling.
Slunk	of Slink
Slank	of Slink
Slunk	of Slink
Slinking	of Slink
Slink	To creep away meanly; to steal away; to sneak.
Slink	To miscarry; -- said of female beasts.
Slink	To cast prematurely; -- said of female beasts; as, a cow that slinks her calf.
Slink	Produced prematurely; as, a slink calf.
Slink	Thin; lean.
Slink	The young of a beast brought forth prematurely, esp. a calf brought forth before its time.
Slink	A thievish fellow; a sneak.
Slinky	Thin; lank.
Slipped	of Slip
Slipping	of Slip
Slip	To move along the surface of a thing without bounding, rolling, or stepping; to slide; to glide.
Slip	To slide; to lose one's footing or one's hold; not to tread firmly; as, it is necessary to walk carefully lest the foot should slip.
Slip	To move or fly (out of place); to shoot; -- often with out, off, etc.; as, a bone may slip out of its place.
Slip	To depart, withdraw, enter, appear, intrude, or escape as if by sliding; to go or come in a quiet, furtive manner; as, some errors slipped into the work.
Slip	To err; to fall into error or fault.
Slip	To cause to move smoothly and quickly; to slide; to convey gently or secretly.
Slip	To omit; to loose by negligence.
Slip	To cut slips from; to cut; to take off; to make a slip or slips of; as, to slip a piece of cloth or paper.
Slip	To let loose in pursuit of game, as a greyhound.
Slip	To cause to slip or slide off, or out of place; as, a horse slips his bridle; a dog slips his collar.
Slip	To bring forth (young) prematurely; to slink.
Slip	The act of slipping; as, a slip on the ice.
Slip	An unintentional error or fault; a false step.
Slip	A twig separated from the main stock; a cutting; a scion; hence, a descendant; as, a slip from a vine.
Slip	A slender piece; a strip; as, a slip of paper.
Slip	A leash or string by which a dog is held; -- so called from its being made in such a manner as to slip, or become loose, by relaxation of the hand.
Slip	An escape; a secret or unexpected desertion; as, to give one the slip.
Slip	A portion of the columns of a newspaper or other work struck off by itself; a proof from a column of type when set up and in the galley.
Slip	Any covering easily slipped on.
Slip	A loose garment worn by a woman.
Slip	A child's pinafore.
Slip	An outside covering or case; as, a pillow slip.
Slip	The slip or sheath of a sword, and the like.
Slip	A counterfeit piece of money, being brass covered with silver.
Slip	Matter found in troughs of grindstones after the grinding of edge tools.
Slip	Potter's clay in a very liquid state, used for the decoration of ceramic ware, and also as a cement for handles and other applied parts.
Slip	A particular quantity of yarn.
Slip	An inclined plane on which a vessel is built, or upon which it is hauled for repair.
Slip	An opening or space for vessels to lie in, between wharves or in a dock; as, Peck slip.
Slip	A narrow passage between buildings.
Slip	A long seat or narrow pew in churches, often without a door.
Slip	A dislocation of a lead, destroying continuity.
Slip	The motion of the center of resistance of the float of a paddle wheel, or the blade of an oar, through the water horozontally, or the difference between a vessel's actual speed and the speed which she would have if the propelling instrument acted upon a solid; also, the velocity, relatively to still water, of the backward current of water produced by the propeller.
Slip	A fish, the sole.
Slip	A fielder stationed on the off side and to the rear of the batsman. There are usually two of them, called respectively short slip, and long slip.
Slipboard	A board sliding in grooves.
Slipcoat cheese	A rich variety of new cheese, resembling butter, but white.
Slipes	Sledge runners on which a skip is dragged in a mine.
Slipknot	knot which slips along the rope or line around which it is made.
Slip-on	A kind of overcoat worn upon the shoulders in the manner of a cloak.
Slippage	The act of slipping; also, the amount of slipping.
Slipper	One who, or that which, slips.
Slipper	A kind of light shoe, which may be slipped on with ease, and worn in undress; a slipshoe.
Slipper	A kind of apron or pinafore for children.
Slipper	A kind of brake or shoe for a wagon wheel.
Slipper	A piece, usually a plate, applied to a sliding piece, to receive wear and afford a means of adjustment; -- also called shoe, and gib.
Slipper	Slippery.
Slippered	Wearing slippers.
Slipperily	In a slippery manner.
Slipperiness	The quality of being slippery.
Slipperness	Slipperiness.
Slipperwort	See Calceolaria.
Slippery	Having the quality opposite to adhesiveness; allowing or causing anything to slip or move smoothly, rapidly, and easily upon the surface; smooth; glib; as, oily substances render things slippery.
Slippery	Not affording firm ground for confidence; as, a slippery promise.
Slippery	Not easily held; liable or apt to slip away.
Slippery	Liable to slip; not standing firm.
Slippery	Unstable; changeable; mutable; uncertain; inconstant; fickle.
Slippery	Uncertain in effect.
Slippery	Wanton; unchaste; loose in morals.
Slippiness	Slipperiness.
Slippy	Slippery.
Slipshod	Wearing shoes or slippers down at the heel.
Slipshod	Figuratively: Careless in dress, manners, style, etc.; slovenly; shuffling; as, slipshod manners; a slipshod or loose style of writing.
Slipshoe	A slipper.
Slipskin	Evasive.
Slipslop	Weak, poor, or flat liquor; weak, profitless discourse or writing.
Slipstring	One who has shaken off restraint; a prodigal.
Slipthrift	A spendthrift.
Slish	A cut; as, slish and slash.
Slit	3d. pers. sing. pres. of Slide.
Slit	of Slit
Slitted	of Slit
Slitting	of Slit
Slit	To cut lengthwise; to cut into long pieces or strips; as, to slit iron bars into nail rods; to slit leather into straps.
Slit	To cut or make a long fissure in or upon; as, to slit the ear or the nose.
Slit	To cut; to sever; to divide.
Slit	A long cut; a narrow opening; as, a slit in the ear.
Slither	To slide; to glide.
Slit-shell	Any species of Pleurotomaria, a genus of beautiful, pearly, spiral gastropod shells having a deep slit in the outer lip. Many fossil species are known, and a few living ones are found in deep water in tropical seas.
Slitter	One who, or that which, slits.
Slitting	a. & n. from Slit.
Slive	To sneak.
Slive	To cut; to split; to separate.
Slivered	of Sliver
Slivering	of Sliver
Sliver	To cut or divide into long, thin pieces, or into very small pieces; to cut or rend lengthwise; to slit; as, to sliver wood.
Sliver	A long piece cut ot rent off; a sharp, slender fragment; a splinter.
Sliver	A strand, or slender roll, of cotton or other fiber in a loose, untwisted state, produced by a carding machine and ready for the roving or slubbing which preceeds spinning.
Sliver	Bait made of pieces of small fish.  Cf. Kibblings.
Sloakan	A species of seaweed. [Spelled also slowcawn.] See 3d Laver.
Sloam	A layer of earth between coal seams.
Sloat	A narrow piece of timber which holds together large pieces; a slat; as, the sloats of a cart.
Slobber	See Slabber.
Slobber	See Slabber.
Slobber	A jellyfish.
Slobber	Salivation.
Slobberer	One who slobbers.
Slobberer	A slovenly farmer; a jobbing tailor.
Slobbery	Wet; sloppy, as land.
Slock	Alt. of Slocken
Slocken	To quench; to allay; to slake. See Slake.
Slocking	a. & n. from Slock.
Sloe	A small, bitter, wild European plum, the fruit of the blackthorn (Prunus spinosa); also, the tree itself.
Slogan	The war cry, or gathering word, of a Highland clan in Scotland; hence, any rallying cry.
Sloggy	Sluggish.
Sloke	See Sloakan.
Sloo	Alt. of Slue
Slue	A slough; a run or wet place. See 2d Slough, 2.
Sloom	Slumber.
Sloomy	Sluggish; slow.
Sloop	A vessel having one mast and fore-and-aft rig, consisting of a boom-and-gaff mainsail, jibs, staysail, and gaff topsail. The typical sloop has a fixed bowsprit, topmast, and standing rigging, while those of a cutter are capable of being readily shifted. The sloop usually carries a centerboard, and depends for stability upon breadth of beam rather than depth of keel. The two types have rapidly approximated since 1880. One radical distinction is that a slop may carry a centerboard. See Cutter, and Illustration in Appendix.
Slop	Water or other liquid carelessly spilled or thrown aboyt, as upon a table or a floor; a puddle; a soiled spot.
Slop	Mean and weak drink or liquid food; -- usually in the plural.
Slop	Dirty water; water in which anything has been washed or rinsed; water from wash-bowls, etc.
Slopped	of Slop
Slopping	of Slop
Slop	To cause to overflow, as a liquid, by the motion of the vessel containing it; to spill.
Slop	To spill liquid upon; to soil with a liquid spilled.
Slop	To overflow or be spilled as a liquid, by the motion of the vessel containing it; -- often with over.
Slop	Any kind of outer garment made of linen or cotton, as a night dress, or a smock frock.
Slop	A loose lower garment; loose breeches; chiefly used in the plural.
Slop	Ready-made clothes; also, among seamen, clothing, bedding, and other furnishings.
Slope	An oblique direction; a line or direction including from a horizontal line or direction; also, sometimes, an inclination, as of one line or surface to another.
Slope	Any ground whose surface forms an angle with the plane of the horizon.
Slope	Sloping.
Slope	In a sloping manner.
Sloped	of Slope
Sloping	of Slope
Slope	To form with a slope; to give an oblique or slanting direction to; to direct obliquely; to incline; to slant; as, to slope the ground in a garden; to slope a piece of cloth in cutting a garment.
Slope	To take an oblique direction; to be at an angle with the plane of the horizon; to incline; as, the ground slopes.
Slope	To depart; to disappear suddenly.
Slopeness	State of being slope.
Slopewise	Obliquely.
Sloping	Inclining or inclined from the plane of the horizon, or from a horizontal or other right line; oblique; declivous; slanting.
Sloppiness	The quality or state of being sloppy; muddiness.
Sloppy	Wet, so as to spatter easily; wet, as with something slopped over; muddy; plashy; as, a sloppy place, walk, road.
Slopseller	One who sells slops, or ready-made clothes. See 4th Slop, 3.
Slopshop	A shop where slops. or ready-made clothes, are sold.
Slopwork	The manufacture of slops, or cheap ready-made clothing; also, such clothing; hence, hasty, slovenly work of any kind.
Slopy	Sloping; inclined.
Slosh	Alt. of Sloshy
Sloshy	See Slush, Slushy.
Slot	A broad, flat, wooden bar; a slat or sloat.
Slot	A bolt or bar for fastening a door.
Slot	A narrow depression, perforation, or aperture; esp., one for the reception of a piece fitting or sliding in it.
Slot	To shut with violence; to slam; as, to slot a door.
Slot	The track of a deer; hence, a track of any kind.
Sloth	Slowness; tardiness.
Sloth	Disinclination to action or labor; sluggishness; laziness; idleness.
Sloth	Any one of several species of arboreal edentates constituting the family Bradypodidae, and the suborder Tardigrada. They have long exserted limbs and long prehensile claws.  Both jaws are furnished with teeth (see Illust. of Edentata), and the ears and tail are rudimentary. They inhabit South and Central America and Mexico.
Sloth	To be idle.
Slothful	Addicted to sloth; inactive; sluggish; lazy; indolent; idle.
Slothhound	See Sleuthhound.
Slotted	Having a slot.
Slotting	The act or process of making slots, or mortises.
Slouch	A hanging down of the head; a drooping attitude; a limp appearance; an ungainly, clownish gait; a sidewise depression or hanging down, as of a hat brim.
Slouch	An awkward, heavy, clownish fellow.
Slouched	of Slouch
Slouching	of Slouch
Slouch	To droop, as the head.
Slouch	To walk in a clumsy, lazy manner.
Slouch	To cause to hang down; to depress at the side; as, to slouth the hat.
Slouching	Hanging down at the side; limp; drooping; without firmness or shapeliness; moving in an ungainly manner.
Slouchy	Slouching.
Slough	Slow.
Slough	A place of deep mud or mire; a hole full of mire.
Slough	A wet place; a swale; a side channel or inlet from a river.
Slough	imp. of Slee, to slay. Slew.
Slough	The skin, commonly the cast-off skin, of a serpent or of some similar animal.
Slough	The dead mass separating from a foul sore; the dead part which separates from the living tissue in mortification.
Sloughed	of Slough
Sloughing	of Slough
Slough	To form a slough; to separate in the form of dead matter from the living tissues; -- often used with off, or away; as, a sloughing ulcer; the dead tissues slough off slowly.
Slough	To cast off; to discard as refuse.
Sloughing	The act of casting off the skin or shell, as do insects and crustaceans; ecdysis.
Sloughy	Full of sloughs, miry.
Sloughy	Resembling, or of the nature of, a slough, or the dead matter which separates from living flesh.
Sloven	A man or boy habitually negligent of neathess and order; -- the correlative term to slattern, or slut.
Slovenliness	The quality or state of being slovenly.
Slowenly	Having the habits of a sloven; negligent of neatness and order, especially in dress.
Slowenly	Characteristic of a solven; lacking neatness and order; evincing negligence; as, slovenly dress.
Slovenly	a slovenly manner.
Slovenness	Slovenliness.
Slovenry	Slovenliness.
Slow	imp. of Slee, to slay. Slew.
Slow	Moving a short space in a relatively long time; not swift; not quick in motion; not rapid; moderate; deliberate; as, a slow stream; a slow motion.
Slow	Not happening in a short time; gradual; late.
Slow	Not ready; not prompt or quick; dilatory; sluggish; as, slow of speech, and slow of tongue.
Slow	Not hasty; not precipitate; acting with deliberation; tardy; inactive.
Slow	Behind in time; indicating a time earlier than the true time; as, the clock or watch is slow.
Slow	Not advancing or improving rapidly; as, the slow growth of arts and sciences.
Slow	Heavy in wit; not alert, prompt, or spirited; wearisome; dull.
Slow	Slowly.
Slowed	of Slow
Slowing	of Slow
Slow	To render slow; to slacken the speed of; to retard; to delay; as, to slow a steamer.
Slow	To go slower; -- often with up; as, the train slowed up before crossing the bridge.
Slow	A moth.
Slowback	A lubber; an idle fellow; a loiterer.
Slowh	imp. of Slee,to slay.
Slowhound	A sleuthhound.
Slowly	In a slow manner; moderately; not rapidly; not early; not rashly; not readly; tardly.
Slowness	The quality or state of being slow.
Slows	Milk sickness.
Slow-witted	Dull of apprehension; not possessing quick intelligence.
Slowworm	A lecertilian reptile; the blindworm.
Slub	A roll of wool slightly twisted; a rove; -- called also slubbing.
Slubbed	of Slub
Slubbing	of Slub
Slub	To draw out and twist slightly; -- said of slivers of wool.
Slubbered	of Slubber
Slubbering	of Slubber
Slubber	To do lazily, imperfectly, or coarsely.
Slubber	To daub; to stain; to cover carelessly.
Slubber	A slubbing machine.
Slubberdegullion	A mean, dirty wretch.
Slubberingly	In a slovenly, or hurried and imperfect, manner.
Slubbing	a. & n. from Slub.
Sludge	Mud; mire; soft mud; slush.
Sludge	Small floating pieces of ice, or masses of saturated snow.
Sludge	See Slime,  4.
Sludger	A bucket for removing mud from a bored hole; a sand pump.
Sludy	Miry; slushy.
Slued	of Slue
Sluing	of Slue
Slue	To turn about a fixed point, usually the center or axis, as a spar or piece of timber; to turn; -- used also of any heavy body.
Slue	In general, to turn about; to twist; -- often used reflexively and followed by round.
Slue	To turn about; to turn from the course; to slip or slide and turn from an expected or desired course; -- often followed by round.
Slue	See Sloough, 2.
Slug	A drone; a slow, lazy fellow; a sluggard.
Slug	A hindrance; an obstruction.
Slug	Any one of numerous species of terrestrial pulmonate mollusks belonging to Limax and several related genera, in which the shell is either small and concealed in the mantle, or altogether wanting. They are closely allied to the land snails.
Slug	Any smooth, soft larva of a sawfly or moth which creeps like a mollusk; as, the pear slug; rose slug.
Slug	A ship that sails slowly.
Slug	An irregularly shaped piece of metal, used as a missile for a gun.
Slug	A thick strip of metal less than type high, and as long as the width of a column or a page, -- used in spacing out pages and to separate display lines, etc.
Slug	To move slowly; to lie idle.
Slug	To make sluggish.
Slugged	of Slug
Slugging	of Slug
Slug	To load with a slug or slugs; as, to slug a gun.
Slug	To strike heavily.
Slug	To become reduced in diameter, or changed in shape, by passing from a larger to a smaller part of the bore of the barrel; -- said of a bullet when fired from a gun, pistol, or other firearm.
Slugabed	One who indulges in lying abed; a sluggard.
Sluggard	A person habitually lazy, idle, and inactive; a drone.
Sluggard	Sluggish; lazy.
Sluggardize	To make lazy.
Sluggardy	The state of being a sluggard; sluggishness; sloth.
Slugger	One who strikes heavy blows; hence, a boxer; a prize fighter.
Sluggish	Habitually idle and lazy; slothful; dull; inactive; as, a sluggish man.
Sluggish	Slow; having little motion; as, a sluggish stream.
Sluggish	Having no power to move one's self or itself; inert.
Sluggish	Characteristic of a sluggard; dull; stupid; tame; simple.
Sluggy	Sluggish.
Slug-horn	An erroneous form of the Scotch word slughorne, or sloggorne, meaning slogan.
Slugs	Half-roasted ore.
Slugworm	Any caterpillar which has the general appearance of a slug, as do those of certain moths belonging to Limacodes and allied genera, and those of certain sawflies.
Sluice	An artifical passage for water, fitted with a valve or gate, as in a mill stream, for stopping or regulating the flow; also, a water gate or flood gate.
Sluice	Hence, an opening or channel through which anything flows; a source of supply.
Sluice	The stream flowing through a flood gate.
Sluice	A long box or trough through which water flows, -- used for washing auriferous earth.
Sluiced	of Sluice
Sluicing	of Sluice
Sluice	To emit by, or as by, flood gates.
Sluice	To wet copiously, as by opening a sluice; as, to sluice meadows.
Sluice	To wash with, or in, a stream of water running through a sluice; as, to sluice eart or gold dust in mining.
Sluiceway	An artificial channel into which water is let by a sluice; specifically, a trough constructed over the bed of a stream, so that logs, lumber, or rubbish can be floated down to some convenient place of delivery.
Sluicy	Falling copiously or in streams, as from a sluice.
Slum	A foul back street of a city, especially one filled with a poor, dirty, degraded, and often vicious population; any low neighborhood or dark retreat; -- usually in the plural; as, Westminster slums are haunts for theives.
Slum	Same as Slimes.
Slumbered	of Slumber
Slumbering	of Slumber
Slumber	To sleep; especially, to sleep lightly; to doze.
Slumber	To be in a state of negligence, sloth, supineness, or inactivity.
Slumber	To lay to sleep.
Slumber	To stun; to stupefy.
Slumber	Sleep; especially, light sleep; sleep that is not deep or sound; repose.
Slumberer	One who slumbers; a sleeper.
Slumberingly	In a slumbering manner.
Slumberless	Without slumber; sleepless.
Slumberous	Inviting slumber; soporiferous.
Slumberous	Being in the repose of slumber; sleepy; drowsy.
Slumbery	Sleepy.
Slumbrous	Slumberous.
Slumming	Visiting slums.
Slump	The gross amount; the mass; the lump.
Slump	To lump; to throw into a mess.
Slumped	of Slump
Slumping	of Slump
Slump	To fall or sink suddenly through or in, when walking on a surface, as on thawing snow or ice, partly frozen ground, a bog, etc., not strong enough to bear the person.
Slump	A boggy place.
Slump	The noise made by anything falling into a hole, or into a soft, miry place.
Slumpy	Easily broken through; boggy; marshy; swampy.
Slung	imp. & p. p. of Sling.
Slunk	imp. & p. p. of Slink.
Slurred	of Slur
Slurring	of Slur
Slur	To soil; to sully; to contaminate; to disgrace.
Slur	To disparage; to traduce.
Slur	To cover over; to disguise; to conceal; to pass over lightly or with little notice.
Slur	To cheat, as by sliding a die; to trick.
Slur	To pronounce indistinctly; as, to slur syllables.
Slur	To sing or perform in a smooth, gliding style; to connect smoothly in performing, as several notes or tones.
Slur	To blur or double, as an impression from type; to mackle.
Slur	A mark or stain; hence, a slight reproach or disgrace; a stigma; a reproachful intimation; an innuendo.
Slur	A trick played upon a person; an imposition.
Slur	A mark, thus [/ or /], connecting notes that are to be sung to the same syllable, or made in one continued breath of a wind instrument, or with one stroke of a bow; a tie; a sign of legato.
Slur	In knitting machines, a contrivance for depressing the sinkers successively by passing over them.
Slurred	Marked with a slur; performed in a smooth, gliding style, like notes marked with a slur.
Slush	Soft mud.
Slush	A mixture of snow and water; half-melted snow.
Slush	A soft mixture of grease and other materials, used for lubrication.
Slush	The refuse grease and fat collected in cooking, especially on shipboard.
Slush	A mixture of white lead and lime, with which the bright parts of machines, such as the connecting rods of steamboats, are painted to be preserved from oxidation.
Slushed	of Slush
Slushing	of Slush
Slush	To smear with slush or grease; as, to slush a mast.
Slush	To paint with a mixture of white lead and lime.
Slushy	Abounding in slush; characterized by soft mud or half-melted snow; as, the streets are slushy; the snow is slushy.
Slut	An untidy woman; a slattern.
Slut	A servant girl; a drudge.
Slut	A female dog; a bitch.
Slutch	Slush.
Slutchy	Slushy.
Sluthhound	Sleuthhound.
Sluttery	The qualities and practices of a slut; sluttishness; slatternlines.
Sluttish	Like a slut; untidy; indecently negligent of cleanliness; disorderly; as, a sluttish woman.
Sly	Dexterous in performing an action, so as to escape notice; nimble; skillful; cautious; shrewd; knowing; -- in a good sense.
Sly	Artfully cunning; secretly mischievous; wily.
Sly	Done with, and marked by, artful and dexterous secrecy; subtle; as, a sly trick.
Sly	Light or delicate; slight; thin.
Sly	Slyly.
Slyboots	A humerous appellation for a sly, cunning, or waggish person.
Slyly	In a sly manner; shrewdly; craftily.
Slyness	The quality or state of being sly.
Slype	A narrow passage between two buildings, as between the transept and chapter house of a monastery.
Smack	A small sailing vessel, commonly rigged as a sloop, used chiefly in the coasting and fishing trade.
Smack	Taste or flavor, esp. a slight taste or flavor; savor; tincture; as, a smack of bitter in the medicine. Also used figuratively.
Smack	A small quantity; a taste.
Smack	A loud kiss; a buss.
Smack	A quick, sharp noise, as of the lips when suddenly separated, or of a whip.
Smack	A quick, smart blow; a slap.
Smack	As if with a smack or slap.
Smacked	of Smack
Smacking	of Smack
Smack	To have a smack; to be tinctured with any particular taste.
Smack	To have or exhibit indications of the presence of any character or quality.
Smack	To kiss with a close compression of the lips, so as to make a sound when they separate; to kiss with a sharp noise; to buss.
Smack	To make a noise by the separation of the lips after tasting anything.
Smack	To kiss with a sharp noise; to buss.
Smack	To open, as the lips, with an inarticulate sound made by a quick compression and separation of the parts of the mouth; to make a noise with, as the lips, by separating them in the act of kissing or after tasting.
Smack	To make a sharp noise by striking; to crack; as, to smack a whip.
Smacking	A sharp, quick noise; a smack.
Smacking	Making a sharp, brisk sound; hence, brisk; as, a smacking breeze.
Small	Having little size, compared with other things of the same kind; little in quantity or degree; diminutive; not large or extended in dimension; not great; not much; inconsiderable; as, a small man; a small river.
Small	Being of slight consequence; feeble in influence or importance; unimportant; trivial; insignificant; as, a small fault; a small business.
Small	Envincing little worth or ability; not large-minded; -- sometimes, in reproach, paltry; mean.
Small	Not prolonged in duration; not extended in time; short; as, after a small space.
Small	Weak; slender; fine; gentle; soft; not loud.
Small	In or to small extent, quantity, or degree; little; slightly.
Small	Not loudly; faintly; timidly.
Small	The small or slender part of a thing; as, the small of the leg or of the back.
Small	Smallclothes.
Small	Same as Little go. See under Little, a.
Small	To make little or less.
Smallage	A biennial umbelliferous plant (Apium graveolens) native of the seacoats of Europe and Asia. When deprived of its acrid and even poisonous properties by cultivation, it becomes celery.
Smallclothes	A man's garment for the hips and thighs; breeches. See Breeches.
Smallish	Somewhat small.
Smallness	The quality or state of being small.
Smallpox	A contagious, constitutional, febrile disease characterized by a peculiar eruption; variola. The cutaneous eruption is at first a collection of papules which become vesicles (first flat, subsequently umbilicated) and then pustules, and finally thick crusts which slough after a certain time, often leaving a pit, or scar.
Smalls	See Small, n., 2, 3.
Smallsword	A light sword used for thrusting only; especially, the sword worn by civilians of rank in the eighteenth century.
Smally	In a small quantity or degree; with minuteness.
Smalt	A deep blue pigment or coloring material used in various arts. It is a vitreous substance made of cobalt, potash, and calcined quartz fused, and reduced to a powder.
Smalt-blue	Deep blue, like smalt.
Smaltine	Alt. of Smaltite
Smaltite	A tin-white or gray mineral of metallic luster. It is an arsenide of cobalt, nickel, and iron. Called also speiskobalt.
Smaragd	The emerald.
Smaragdine	Of or pertaining to emerald; resembling emerald; of an emerald green.
Smaragdite	A green foliated kind of amphibole, observed in eclogite and some varietis of gabbro.
Smarted	of Smart
Smarting	of Smart
Smart	To feel a lively, pungent local pain; -- said of some part of the body as the seat of irritation; as, my finger smarts; these wounds smart.
Smart	To feel a pungent pain of mind; to feel sharp pain or grief; to suffer; to feel the sting of evil.
Smart	To cause a smart in.
Smart	Quick, pungent, lively pain; a pricking local pain, as the pain from puncture by nettles.
Smart	Severe, pungent pain of mind; pungent grief; as, the smart of affliction.
Smart	A fellow who affects smartness, briskness, and vivacity; a dandy.
Smart	Smart money (see below).
Smart	Causing a smart; pungent; pricking; as, a smart stroke or taste.
Smart	Keen; severe; poignant; as, smart pain.
Smart	Vigorous; sharp; severe.
Smart	Accomplishing, or able to accomplish, results quickly; active; sharp; clever.
Smart	Efficient; vigorous; brilliant.
Smart	Marked by acuteness or shrewdness; quick in suggestion or reply; vivacious; witty; as, a smart reply; a smart saying.
Smart	Pretentious; showy; spruce; as, a smart gown.
Smart	Brisk; fresh; as, a smart breeze.
Smarten	To make smart or spruce; -- usually with up.
Smartle	To waste away.
Smartly	In a smart manner.
Smartness	The quality or state of being smart.
Smartweed	An acrid plant of the genus Polygonum (P. Hydropiper), which produces smarting if applied where the skin is tender.
Smashed	of Smash
Smashing	of Smash
Smash	To break in pieces by violence; to dash to pieces; to crush.
Smash	To break up, or to pieces suddenly, as the result of collision or pressure.
Smash	A breaking or dashing to pieces; utter destruction; wreck.
Smash	Hence, bankruptcy.
Smasher	One who, or that which, smashes or breaks things to pieces.
Smasher	Anything very large or extraordinary.
Smasher	One who passes counterfeit coin.
Smatch	Taste; tincture; smack.
Smatch	To smack.
Smatter	To talk superficially or ignorantly; to babble; to chatter.
Smatter	To have a slight taste, or a slight, superficial knowledge, of anything; to smack.
Smatter	To talk superficially about.
Smatter	To gain a slight taste of; to acquire a slight, superficial knowledge of; to smack.
Smatter	Superficial knowledge; a smattering.
Smatterer	One who has only a slight, superficial knowledge; a sciolist.
Smattering	A slight, superficial knowledge of something; sciolism.
Smeared	of Smear
Smearing	of Smear
Smear	To overspread with anything unctuous, viscous, or adhesive; to daub; as, to smear anything with oil.
Smear	To soil in any way; to contaminate; to pollute; to stain morally; as, to be smeared with infamy.
Smear	A fat, oily substance; oinment.
Smear	Hence, a spot made by, or as by, an unctuous or adhesive substance; a blot or blotch; a daub; a stain.
Smear dab	The sand fluke (b).
Smeared	Having the color mark ings ill defined, as if rubbed; as, the smeared dagger moth (Apatela oblinita).
Smeary	Tending to smear or soil; adhesive; viscous.
Smeath	The smew.
Smectite	A hydrous silicate of alumina, of a greenish color, which, in certain states of humidity, appears transparent and almost gelatinous.
Smee	The pintail duck.
Smee	The widgeon.
Smee	The poachard.
Smee	The smew.
Smeeth	To smoke; to blacken with smoke; to rub with soot.
Smeeth	To smooth.
Smegma	The matter secreted by any of the sebaceous glands.
Smegma	The soapy substance covering the skin of newborn infants.
Smegma	The cheesy, sebaceous matter which collects between the glans penis and the foreskin.
Smegmatic	Being of the nature of soap; soapy; cleansing; detersive.
Smeir	A salt glaze on pottery, made by adding common salt to an earthenware glaze.
Smelled	of Smell
Smelt	of Smell
Smelling	of Smell
Smell	To perceive by the olfactory nerves, or organs of smell; to have a sensation of, excited through the nasal organs when affected by the appropriate materials or qualities; to obtain the scent of; as, to smell a rose; to smell perfumes.
Smell	To detect or perceive, as if by the sense of smell; to scent out; -- often with out.
Smell	To give heed to.
Smell	To affect the olfactory nerves; to have an odor or scent; -- often followed by of; as, to smell of smoke, or of musk.
Smell	To have a particular tincture or smack of any quality; to savor; as, a report smells of calumny.
Smell	To exercise the sense of smell.
Smell	To exercise sagacity.
Smell	The sense or faculty by which certain qualities of bodies are perceived through the instrumentally of the olfactory nerves. See Sense.
Smell	The quality of any thing or substance, or emanation therefrom, which affects the olfactory organs; odor; scent; fragrance; perfume; as, the smell of mint.
Smeller	One who smells, or perceives by the sense of smell; one who gives out smell.
Smeller	The nose.
Smell-feast	One who is apt to find and frequent good tables; a parasite; a sponger.
Smell-feast	A feast at which the guests are supposed to feed upon the odors only of the viands.
Smelling	The act of one who smells.
Smelling	The sense by which odors are perceived; the sense of smell.
Smell-less	Destitute of smell; having no odor.
Smelt	imp. & p. p. of Smell.
Smelt	Any one of numerous species of small silvery salmonoid fishes of the genus Osmerus and allied genera, which ascend rivers to spawn, and sometimes become landlocked in lakes. They are esteemed as food, and have a peculiar odor and taste.
Smelt	A gull; a simpleton.
Smelted	of Smelt
Smelting	of Smelt
Smelt	To melt or fuse, as, ore, for the purpose of separating and refining the metal; hence, to reduce; to refine; to flux or scorify; as, to smelt tin.
Smelter	One who, or that which, smelts.
Smeltery	A house or place for smelting.
Smeltie	A fish, the bib.
Smelting	a. & n. from Smelt.
Smerk	See Smirk.
Smerk	Alt. of Smerky
Smerky	Smart; jaunty; spruce. See Smirk, a.
Smerlin	A small loach.
Smew	small European merganser (Mergus albellus) which has a white crest; -- called also smee, smee duck, white merganser, and white nun.
Smew	The hooded merganser.
Smicker	To look amorously or wantonly; to smirk.
Smicker	Amorous; wanton; gay; spruce.
Smickering	Amorous glance or inclination.
Smicket	A woman's under-garment; a smock.
Smickly	Smugly; finically.
Smiddy	A smithy.
Smift	A match for firing a charge of powder, as in blasting; a fuse.
Smight	To smite.
Smilacin	See Parrilin.
Smilax	A genus of perennial climbing plants, usually with a prickly woody stem; green brier, or cat brier. The rootstocks of certain species are the source of the medicine called sarsaparilla.
Smilax	A delicate trailing plant (Myrsiphyllum asparagoides) much used for decoration. It is a native of the Cape of Good Hope.
Smiled	of Smile
Smiling	of Smile
Smile	To express amusement, pleasure, moderate joy, or love and kindness, by the features of the face; to laugh silently.
Smile	To express slight contempt by a look implying sarcasm or pity; to sneer.
Smile	To look gay and joyous; to have an appearance suited to excite joy; as, smiling spring; smiling plenty.
Smile	To be propitious or favorable; to favor; to countenance; -- often with on; as, to smile on one's labors.
Smile	To express by a smile; as, to smile consent; to smile a welcome to visitors.
Smile	To affect in a certain way with a smile.
Smile	The act of smiling; a peculiar change or brightening of the face, which expresses pleasure, moderate joy, mirth, approbation, or kindness; -- opposed to frown.
Smile	A somewhat similar expression of countenance, indicative of satisfaction combined with malevolent feelings, as contempt, scorn, etc; as, a scornful smile.
Smile	Favor; countenance; propitiousness; as, the smiles of Providence.
Smile	Gay or joyous appearance; as, the smiles of spring.
Smileless	Not having a smile.
Smiler	One who smiles.
Smilet	A little smile.
Smilingly	In a smiling manner.
Smilingness	Quality or state of being smiling.
Smilodon	An extinct genus of saber-toothed tigers. See Mach/rodus.
Smilt	To melt.
Sminthurid	Any one of numerous small species of springtails, of the family Sminthuridae, -- usually found on flowers. See Illust. under Collembola.
Smirch	To smear with something which stains, or makes dirty; to smutch; to begrime; to soil; to sully.
Smirch	A smutch; a dirty stain.
Smirked	of Smirk
Smirking	of Smirk
Smirk	To smile in an affected or conceited manner; to smile with affected complaisance; to simper.
Smirk	A forced or affected smile; a simper.
Smirk	Nice,; smart; spruce; affected; simpering.
Smirkingly	With smirking; with a smirk.
Smirky	Smirk; smirking.
Smit	imp. & p. p. of Smite.
Smit	3d. pers. sing. pres. of Smite.
Smote	of Smite
Smit	of Smite
Smitten	of Smite
Smit	of Smite
Smote	of Smite
Smiting	of Smite
Smite	To strike; to inflict a blow upon with the hand, or with any instrument held in the hand, or with a missile thrown by the hand; as, to smite with the fist, with a rod, sword, spear, or stone.
Smite	To cause to strike; to use as an instrument in striking or hurling.
Smite	To destroy the life of by beating, or by weapons of any kind; to slay by a blow; to kill; as, to smite one with the sword, or with an arrow or other instrument.
Smite	To put to rout in battle; to overthrow by war.
Smite	To blast; to destroy the life or vigor of, as by a stroke or by some visitation.
Smite	To afflict; to chasten; to punish.
Smite	To strike or affect with passion, as love or fear.
Smite	To strike; to collide; to beat.
Smite	The act of smiting; a blow.
Smiter	One who smites.
Smith	One who forges with the hammer; one who works in metals; as, a blacksmith, goldsmith, silversmith, and the like.
Smith	One who makes or effects anything.
Smith	To beat into shape; to forge.
Smithcraft	The art or occupation of a smith; smithing.
Smither	Light, fine rain.
Smither	Fragments; atoms; finders.
Smithereens	Fragments; atoms; smithers.
-ies	of Smithery
Smithery	The workshop of a smith; a smithy or stithy.
Smithery	Work done by a smith; smithing.
Smithing	The act or art of working or forging metals, as iron, into any desired shape.
Smithsonian	Of or pertaining to the Englishman J. L. M. Smithson, or to the national institution of learning which he endowed at Washington, D. C.; as, the Smithsonian Institution; Smithsonian Reports.
Smithsonian	The Smithsonian Institution.
Smithsonite	Native zinc carbonate. It generally occurs in stalactitic, reniform, or botryoidal shapes, of a white to gray, green, or brown color. See Note under Calamine.
Smithy	The workshop of a smith, esp. a blacksmith; a smithery; a stithy.
Smitt	Fine clay or ocher made up into balls, used for marking sheep.
Smitten	p. p. of Smite.
Smittle	To infect.
Smittle	Infection.
Smittle	Alt. of Smittlish
Smittlish	Infectious; catching.
Smock	A woman's under-garment; a shift; a chemise.
Smock	A blouse; a smoock frock.
Smock	Of or pertaining to a smock; resembling a smock; hence, of or pertaining to a woman.
Smock	To provide with, or clothe in, a smock or a smock frock.
Smock-faced	Having a feminine countenance or complexion; smooth-faced; girlish.
Smock frock	A coarse frock, or shirt, worn over the other dress, as by farm laborers.
Smockless	Wanting a smock.
Smokable	Capable of being smoked; suitable or ready to be smoked; as, smokable tobacco.
Smoke	The visible exhalation, vapor, or substance that escapes, or expelled, from a burning body, especially from burning vegetable matter, as wood, coal, peat, or the like.
Smoke	That which resembles smoke; a vapor; a mist.
Smoke	Anything unsubstantial, as idle talk.
Smoke	The act of smoking, esp. of smoking tobacco; as, to have a smoke.
Smoked	of Smoke
Smoking	of Smoke
Smoke	To emit smoke; to throw off volatile matter in the form of vapor or exhalation; to reek.
Smoke	Hence, to burn; to be kindled; to rage.
Smoke	To raise a dust or smoke by rapid motion.
Smoke	To draw into the mouth the smoke of tobacco burning in a pipe or in the form of a cigar, cigarette, etc.; to habitually use tobacco in this manner.
Smoke	To suffer severely; to be punished.
Smoke	To apply smoke to; to hang in smoke; to disinfect, to cure, etc., by smoke; as, to smoke or fumigate infected clothing; to smoke beef or hams for preservation.
Smoke	To fill or scent with smoke; hence, to fill with incense; to perfume.
Smoke	To smell out; to hunt out; to find out; to detect.
Smoke	To ridicule to the face; to quiz.
Smoke	To inhale and puff out the smoke of, as tobacco; to burn or use in smoking; as, to smoke a pipe or a cigar.
Smoke	To subject to the operation of smoke, for the purpose of annoying or driving out; -- often with out; as, to smoke a woodchuck out of his burrow.
Smoke-dry	To dry by or in smoke.
Smokehouse	A building where meat or fish is cured by subjecting it to a dense smoke.
Smokejack	A contrivance for turning a spit by means of a fly or wheel moved by the current of ascending air in a chimney.
Smokeless	Making or having no smoke.
Smoker	One who dries or preserves by smoke.
Smoker	One who smokes tobacco or the like.
Smoker	A smoking car or compartment.
Smokestack	A chimney; esp., a pipe serving as a chimney, as the pipe which carries off the smoke of a locomotive, the funnel of a steam vessel, etc.
Smokily	In a smoky manner.
Smokiness	The quality or state of being smoky.
Smoking	a. & n. from Smoke.
Smoky	Emitting smoke, esp. in large quantities or in an offensive manner; fumid; as, smoky fires.
Smoky	Having the appearance or nature of smoke; as, a smoky fog.
Smoky	Filled with smoke, or with a vapor resembling smoke; thick; as, a smoky atmosphere.
Smoky	Subject to be filled with smoke from chimneys or fireplace; as, a smoky house.
Smoky	Tarnished with smoke; noisome with smoke; as, smoky rafters; smoky cells.
Smoky	Suspicious; open to suspicion.
Smoldered	of Smoulder
Smouldered	of Smoulder
Smoldering	of Smoulder
Smouldering	of Smoulder
Smolder	Alt. of Smoulder
Smoulder	To burn and smoke without flame; to waste away by a slow and supressed combustion.
Smoulder	To exist in a state of suppressed or smothered activity; to burn inwardly; as, a smoldering feud.
Smolder	Alt. of Smoulder
Smoulder	To smother; to suffocate; to choke.
Smolder	Alt. of Smoulder
Smoulder	Smoke; smother.
Smoldering	Alt. of Smouldering
Smouldering	Being in a state of suppressed activity; quiet but not dead.
Smolderingness	Alt. of Smoulderingness
Smoulderingness	The state of smoldering.
Smoldry	Alt. of Smouldry
Smouldry	Smoldering; suffocating; smothery.
Smolt	A young salmon two or three years old, when it has acquired its silvery color.
Smooch	See Smutch.
Smoor	To suffocate or smother.
Smooth	Having an even surface, or a surface so even that no roughness or points can be perceived by the touch; not rough; as, smooth glass; smooth porcelain.
Smooth	Evenly spread or arranged; sleek; as, smooth hair.
Smooth	Gently flowing; moving equably; not ruffled or obstructed; as, a smooth stream.
Smooth	Flowing or uttered without check, obstruction, or hesitation; not harsh; voluble; even; fluent.
Smooth	Bland; mild; smoothing; fattering.
Smooth	Causing no resistance to a body sliding along its surface; frictionless.
Smooth	Smoothly.
Smooth	The act of making smooth; a stroke which smooths.
Smooth	That which is smooth; the smooth part of anything.
Smoothed	of Smooth
Smoothing	of Smooth
Smooth	To make smooth; to make even on the surface by any means; as, to smooth a board with a plane; to smooth cloth with an iron.
Smooth	To free from obstruction; to make easy.
Smooth	To free from harshness; to make flowing.
Smooth	To palliate; to gloze; as, to smooth over a fault.
Smooth	To give a smooth or calm appearance to.
Smooth	To ease; to regulate.
Smooth	To flatter; to use blandishment.
Smoothbore	Having a bore of perfectly smooth surface; -- distinguished from rifled.
Smoothbore	A smoothbore firearm.
Smooth-chinned	Having a smooth chin; beardless.
Smoothen	To make smooth.
Smoother	One who, or that which, smooths.
Smoothing	fr. Smooth, v.
Smoothly	In a smooth manner.
Smoothness	Quality or state of being smooth.
Smooth-spoken	Speaking smoothly; plausible; flattering; smooth-tongued.
Smooth-tongued	Having a smooth tongue; plausible; flattering.
Smore	To smother. See Smoor.
Smorzando	Alt. of Smorsato
Smorsato	Growing gradually fainter and softer; dying away; morendo.
Smote	imp. (/ rare p. p.) of Smite.
Smoterlich	Dirty; foul.
Smothered	of Smother
Smothering	of Smother
Smother	To destroy the life of by suffocation; to deprive of the air necessary for life; to cover up closely so as to prevent breathing; to suffocate; as, to smother a child.
Smother	To affect as by suffocation; to stife; to deprive of air by a thick covering, as of ashes, of smoke, or the like; as, to smother a fire.
Smother	Hence, to repress the action of; to cover from public view; to suppress; to conceal; as, to smother one's displeasure.
Smother	To be suffocated or stifled.
Smother	To burn slowly, without sufficient air; to smolder.
Smother	Stifling smoke; thick dust.
Smother	A state of suppression.
Smotheriness	The quality or state of being smothery.
Smotheringly	In a smothering manner.
Smothery	Tending to smother; stifling.
Smouch	To kiss closely.
Smouch	To smutch; to soil; as, to smouch the face.
Smouch	A dark soil or stain; a smutch.
Smoulder	See Smolder.
Smouldry	See Smoldry.
Smudge	A suffocating smoke.
Smudge	A heap of damp combustibles partially ignited and burning slowly, placed on the windward side of a house, tent, or the like, in order, by the thick smoke, to keep off mosquitoes or other insects.
Smudge	That which is smeared upon anything; a stain; a blot; a smutch; a smear.
Smudged	of Smudge
Smudging	of Smudge
Smudge	To stifle or smother with smoke; to smoke by means of a smudge.
Smudge	To smear; to smutch; to soil; to blacken with smoke.
Smudginess	The quality or state of being smudged, soiled, or blurred.
Smug	Studiously neat or nice, especially in dress; spruce; affectedly precise; smooth and prim.
Smugged	of Smug
Smugging	of Smug
Smug	To make smug, or spruce.
Smuggled	of Smuggle
Smuggling	of Smuggle
Smuggle	To import or export secretly, contrary to the law; to import or export without paying the duties imposed by law; as, to smuggle lace.
Smuggle	Fig.: To convey or introduce clandestinely.
Smuggle	To import or export in violation of the customs laws.
Smuggler	One who smuggles.
Smuggler	A vessel employed in smuggling.
Smugly	In a smug manner.
Smugness	The quality or state of being smug.
Smut	Foul matter, like soot or coal dust; also, a spot or soil made by such matter.
Smut	Bad, soft coal, containing much earthy matter, found in the immediate locality of faults.
Smut	An affection of cereal grains producing a swelling which is at length resolved into a powdery sooty mass. It is caused by parasitic fungi of the genus Ustilago. Ustilago segetum, or U. Carbo, is the commonest kind; that of Indian corn is Ustilago maydis.
Smut	Obscene language; ribaldry; obscenity.
Smutted	of Smut
Smutting	of Smut
Smut	To stain or mark with smut; to blacken with coal, soot, or other dirty substance.
Smut	To taint with mildew, as grain.
Smut	To blacken; to sully or taint; to tarnish.
Smut	To clear of smut; as, to smut grain for the mill.
Smut	To gather smut; to be converted into smut; to become smutted.
Smut	To give off smut; to crock.
Smutch	A stain; a dirty spot.
Smutched	of Smutch
Smutching	of Smutch
Smutch	To blacken with smoke, soot, or coal.
Smutchin	Snuff.
Smutty	Soiled with smut; smutted.
Smutty	Tainted with mildew; as, smutty corn.
Smutty	Obscene; not modest or pure; as, a smutty saying.
Smyrniot	Of or pertaining to Smyrna.
Smyrniot	A native or inhabitant of Smyrna.
Snack	A share; a part or portion; -- obsolete, except in the colloquial phrase, to go snacks, i. e., to share.
Snack	A slight, hasty repast.
Snacket	See Snecket.
Snacot	A pipefish of the genus Syngnathus. See Pipefish.
Snaffle	A kind of bridle bit, having a joint in the part to be placed in the mouth, and rings and cheek pieces at the ends, but having no curb; -- called also snaffle bit.
Snaffled	of Snaffle
Snaffling	of Snaffle
Snaffle	To put a snaffle in the mouth of; to subject to the snaffle; to bridle.
Snag	A stump or base of a branch that has been lopped off; a short branch, or a sharp or rough branch; a knot; a protuberance.
Snag	A tooth projecting beyond the rest; contemptuously, a broken or decayed tooth.
Snag	A tree, or a branch of a tree, fixed in the bottom of a river or other navigable water, and rising nearly or quite to the surface, by which boats are sometimes pierced and sunk.
Snag	One of the secondary branches of an antler.
Snagged	of Snag
Snagging	of Snag
Snag	To cut the snags or branches from, as the stem of a tree; to hew roughly.
Snag	To injure or destroy, as a steamboat or other vessel, by a snag, or projecting part of a sunken tree.
Snagged	Full of snags; snaggy.
Snaggy	Full of snags; full of short, rough branches or sharp points; abounding with knots.
Snaggy	Snappish; cross; ill-tempered.
Snail	Any one of numerous species of terrestrial air-breathing gastropods belonging to the genus Helix and many allied genera of the family Helicidae. They are abundant in nearly all parts of the world except the arctic regions, and feed almost entirely on vegetation; a land snail.
Snail	Any gastropod having a general resemblance to the true snails, including fresh-water and marine species. See Pond snail, under Pond, and Sea snail.
Snail	Hence, a drone; a slow-moving person or thing.
Snail	A spiral cam, or a flat piece of metal of spirally curved outline, used for giving motion to, or changing the position of, another part, as the hammer tail of a striking clock.
Snail	A tortoise; in ancient warfare, a movable roof or shed to protect besiegers; a testudo.
Snail	The pod of the sanil clover.
Snailfish	See Sea snail (a).
Snail-like	Like or suiting a snail; as, snail-like progress.
Snail-like	In the manner of a snail; slowly.
Snail-paced	Slow-moving, like a snail.
'Snails	God's nails, or His nails, that is, the nails with which the Savior was fastened to the cross; -- an ancient form of oath, corresponding to 'Od's bodikins (dim. of body, i.e., God's dear body).
Snake	Any species of the order Ophidia; an ophidian; a serpent, whether harmless or venomous. See Ophidia, and Serpent.
Snaked	of Snake
Snaking	of Snake
Snake	To drag or draw, as a snake from a hole; -- often with out.
Snake	To wind round spirally, as a large rope with a smaller, or with cord, the small rope lying in the spaces between the strands of the large one; to worm.
Snake	To crawl like a snake.
Snakebird	Any one of four species of aquatic birds of the genus Anhinga or Plotus. They are allied to the gannets and cormorants, but have very long, slender, flexible necks, and sharp bills.
Snakebird	The wryneck.
Snakefish	The band fish.
Snakefish	The lizard fish.
Snakehead	A loose, bent-up end of one of the strap rails, or flat rails, formerly used on American railroads. It was sometimes so bent by the passage of a train as to slip over a wheel and pierce the bottom of a car.
Snakehead	The turtlehead.
Snakehead	The Guinea-hen flower. See Snake's-head, and under Guinea.
Snakeneck	The snakebird, 1.
Snakeroot	Any one of several plants of different genera and species, most of which are (or were formerly) reputed to be efficacious as remedies for the bites of serpents; also, the roots of any of these.
Snake's-head	The Guinea-hen flower; -- so called in England because its spotted petals resemble the scales of a snake's head.
Snakestone	A kind of hone slate or whetstone obtained in Scotland.
Snakestone	An ammonite; -- so called from its form, which resembles that of a coiled snake.
Snake's-tongue	Same as Adder's-tongue.
Snakeweed	A kind of knotweed (Polygonum Bistorta).
Snakeweed	The Virginia snakeroot. See Snakeroot.
Snakewood	An East Indian climbing plant (Strychnos colubrina) having a bitter taste, and supposed to be a remedy for the bite of the hooded serpent.
Snakewood	An East Indian climbing shrub (Ophioxylon serpentinum) which has the roots and stems twisted so as to resemble serpents.
Snakewood	Same as Trumpetwood.
Snakewood	A tropical American shrub (Plumieria rubra) which has very fragrant red blossoms.
Snakewood	Same as Letterwood.
Snakish	Having the qualities or characteristics of a snake; snaky.
Snaky	Of or pertaining to a snake or snakes; resembling a snake; serpentine; winding.
Snaky	Sly; cunning; insinuating; deceitful.
Snaky	Covered with serpents; having serpents; as, a snaky rod or wand.
Snapped	of Snap
Snapping	of Snap
Snap	To break at once; to break short, as substances that are brittle.
Snap	To strike, to hit, or to shut, with a sharp sound.
Snap	To bite or seize suddenly, especially with the teeth.
Snap	To break upon suddenly with sharp, angry words; to treat snappishly; -- usually with up.
Snap	To crack; to cause to make a sharp, cracking noise; as, to snap a whip.
Snap	To project with a snap.
Snap	To break short, or at once; to part asunder suddenly; as, a mast snaps; a needle snaps.
Snap	To give forth, or produce, a sharp, cracking noise; to crack; as, blazing firewood snaps.
Snap	To make an effort to bite; to aim to seize with the teeth; to catch eagerly (at anything); -- often with at; as, a dog snapsat a passenger; a fish snaps at the bait.
Snap	To utter sharp, harsh, angry words; -- often with at; as, to snap at a child.
Snap	To miss fire; as, the gun snapped.
Snap	A sudden breaking or rupture of any substance.
Snap	A sudden, eager bite; a sudden seizing, or effort to seize, as with the teeth.
Snap	A sudden, sharp motion or blow, as with the finger sprung from the thumb, or the thumb from the finger.
Snap	A sharp, abrupt sound, as that made by the crack of a whip; as, the snap of the trigger of a gun.
Snap	A greedy fellow.
Snap	That which is, or may be, snapped up; something bitten off, seized, or obtained by a single quick movement; hence, a bite, morsel, or fragment; a scrap.
Snap	A sudden severe interval or spell; -- applied to the weather; as, a cold snap.
Snap	A small catch or fastening held or closed by means of a spring, or one which closes with a snapping sound, as the catch of a bracelet, necklace, clasp of a book, etc.
Snap	A snap beetle.
Snap	A thin, crisp cake, usually small, and flavored with ginger; -- used chiefly in the plural.
Snap	Briskness; vigor; energy; decision.
Snap	Any circumstance out of which money may be made or an advantage gained.
Snapdragon	Any plant of the scrrophulariaceous genus Antirrhinum, especially the cultivated A. majus, whose showy flowers are fancifully likened to the face of a dragon.
Snapdragon	A West Indian herb (Ruellia tuberosa) with curiously shaped blue flowers.
Snapdragon	A play in which raisins are snatched from a vessel containing burning brandy, and eaten; also, that which is so eaten. See Flapdragon.
Snape	To bevel the end of a timber to fit against an inclined surface.
Snaphance	A spring lock for discharging a firearm; also, the firearm to which it is attached.
Snaphance	A trifling or second-rate thing or person.
Snaphead	A hemispherical or rounded head to a rivet or bolt; also, a swaging tool with a cavity in its face for forming such a rounded head.
Snapper	One who, or that which, snaps; as, a snapper up of trifles; the snapper of a whip.
Snapper	Any one of several species of large sparoid food fishes of the genus Lutjanus, abundant on the southern coasts of the United States and on both coasts of tropical America.
Snapper	A snapping turtle; as, the alligator snapper.
Snapper	The green woodpecker, or yaffle.
Snapper	A snap beetle.
Snapping	a. & n. from Snap, v.
Snappish	Apt to snap at persons or things; eager to bite; as, a snapping cur.
Snappish	Sharp in reply; apt to speak angrily or testily; easily provoked; tart; peevish.
Snappy	Snappish.
Snapsack	A knapsack.
Snapweed	See Impatiens.
Snar	To snarl.
Snare	A contrivance, often consisting of a noose of cord, or the like, by which a bird or other animal may be entangled and caught; a trap; a gin.
Snare	Hence, anything by which one is entangled and brought into trouble.
Snare	The gut or string stretched across the lower head of a drum.
Snare	An instrument, consisting usually of a wireloop or noose, for removing tumors, etc., by avulsion.
Snared	of Snare
Snaring	of Snare
Snare	To catch with a snare; to insnare; to entangle; hence, to bring into unexpected evil, perplexity, or danger.
Snarer	One who lays snares, or entraps.
Snarled	of Snarl
Snarling	of Snarl
Snarl	To form raised work upon the outer surface of (thin metal ware) by the repercussion of a snarling iron upon the inner surface.
Snarl	To entangle; to complicate; to involve in knots; as, to snarl a skein of thread.
Snarl	To embarrass; to insnare.
Snarl	A knot or complication of hair, thread, or the like, difficult to disentangle; entanglement; hence, intricate complication; embarrassing difficulty.
Snarl	To growl, as an angry or surly dog; to gnarl; to utter grumbling sounds.
Snarl	To speak crossly; to talk in rude, surly terms.
Snarl	The act of snarling; a growl; a surly or peevish expression; an angry contention.
Snarler	One who snarls; a surly, growling animal; a grumbling, quarrelsome fellow.
Snarler	One who makes use of a snarling iron.
Snarling	a. & n. from Snarl, v.
Snary	Resembling, or consisting of, snares; entangling; insidious.
Snast	The snuff, or burnt wick, of a candle.
Snatched	of Snatch
Snatching	of Snatch
Snatch	To take or seize hastily, abruptly, or without permission or ceremony; as, to snatch a loaf or a kiss.
Snatch	To seize and transport away; to rap.
Snatch	To attempt to seize something suddenly; to catch; -- often with at; as, to snatch at a rope.
Snatch	A hasty catching or seizing; a grab; a catching at, or attempt to seize, suddenly.
Snatch	A short period of vigorous action; as, a snatch at weeding after a shower.
Snatch	A small piece, fragment, or quantity; a broken part; a scrap.
Snatch block	a kind of block with an opening in one side to receive the bight of a rope.
Snatcher	One who snatches, or takes abruptly.
Snatchingly	By snatching; abruptly.
Snatch	The handle of a scythe; a snead.
Snathe	To lop; to prune.
Snattock	A chip; a alice.
Snaw	Snow.
Snead	A snath.
Snead	A line or cord; a string.
Sneaked	of Sneak
Sneaking	of Sneak
Sneak	To creep or steal (away or about) privately; to come or go meanly, as a person afraid or ashamed to be seen; as, to sneak away from company.
Sneak	To act in a stealthy and cowardly manner; to behave with meanness and servility; to crouch.
Sneak	To hide, esp. in a mean or cowardly manner.
Sneak	A mean, sneaking fellow.
Sneak	A ball bowled so as to roll along the ground; -- called also grub.
Sneak-cup	One who sneaks from his cups; one who balks his glass.
Sneaker	One who sneaks.
Sneaker	A vessel of drink.
Sneakiness	The quality of being sneaky.
Sneaking	Marked by cowardly concealment; deficient in openness and courage; underhand; mean; crouching.
Sneaksby	A paltry fellow; a sneak.
Sneaky	Like a sneak; sneaking.
Sneap	To check; to reprimand; to rebuke; to chide.
Sneap	To nip; to blast; to blight.
Sneap	A reprimand; a rebuke.
Sneath	Alt. of Sneathe
Sneathe	See Snath.
Sneb	To reprimand; to sneap.
Sneck	To fasten by a hatch; to latch, as a door.
Sneck	A door latch.
Snecket	A door latch, or sneck.
Sned	To lop; to snathe.
Sned	Alt. of Sneed
Sneed	See Snath.
Sneered	of Sneer
Sneering	of Sneer
Sneer	To show contempt by turning up the nose, or by a particular facial expression.
Sneer	To inssinuate contempt by a covert expression; to speak derisively.
Sneer	To show mirth awkwardly.
Sneer	To utter with a grimace or contemptuous expression; to utter with a sneer; to say sneeringly; as, to sneer fulsome lies at a person.
Sneer	To treat with sneers; to affect or move by sneers.
Sneer	The act of sneering.
Sneer	A smile, grin, or contortion of the face, indicative of contempt; an indirect expression or insinuation of contempt.
Sneerer	One who sneers.
Sneerful	Given to sneering.
Sneeringly	In a sneering manner.
Sneezed	of Sneeze
Sneezing	of Sneeze
Sneeze	To emit air, chiefly through the nose, audibly and violently, by a kind of involuntary convulsive force, occasioned by irritation of the inner membrane of the nose.
Sneeze	A sudden and violent ejection of air with an audible sound, chiefly through the nose.
Sneezeweed	A yellow-flowered composite plant (Helenium autumnale) the odor of which is said to cause sneezing.
Sneezewood	The wood of a South African tree. See Neishout.
Sneezewort	A European herbaceous plant (Achillea Ptarmica) allied to the yarrow, having a strong, pungent smell.
Sneezing	The act of violently forcing air out through the nasal passages while the cavity of the mouth is shut off from the pharynx by the approximation of the soft palate and the base of the tongue.
Snell	Active; brisk; nimble; quick; sharp.
Snell	A short line of horsehair, gut, etc., by which a fishhook is attached to a longer line.
Snet	The fat of a deer.
Snet	The clear of mucus; to blow.
Snew	To snow; to abound.
Snib	To check; to sneap; to sneb.
Snib	A reprimand; a snub.
Snick	A small cut or mark.
Snick	A slight hit or tip of the ball, often unintentional.
Snick	A knot or irregularity in yarn.
Snick	A snip or cut, as in the hair of a beast.
Snicked	of Snick
Snicking	of Snick
Snick	To cut slightly; to strike, or strike off, as by cutting.
Snick	To hit (a ball) lightly.
Snick	See Sneck.
Snickered	of Snicker
Snickering	of Snicker
Snicker	To laugh slyly; to laugh in one's sleeve.
Snicker	To laugh with audible catches of voice, as when persons attempt to suppress loud laughter.
Snicker	A half suppressed, broken laugh.
Snide	Tricky; deceptive; contemptible; as, a snide lawyer; snide goods.
Sniffed	of Sniff
Snift	of Sniff
Sniffing	of Sniff
Sniff	To draw air audibly up the nose; to snuff; -- sometimes done as a gesture of suspicion, offense, or contempt.
Sniff	To draw in with the breath through the nose; as, to sniff the air of the country.
Sniff	To perceive as by sniffing; to snuff, to scent; to smell; as, to sniff danger.
Sniff	The act of sniffing; perception by sniffing; that which is taken by sniffing; as, a sniff of air.
Sniffing	A rapid inspiratory act, in which the mouth is kept shut and the air drawn in through the nose.
Sniffle	To snuffle, as one does with a catarrh.
Snifted	of Snift
Snifting	of Snift
Snift	To snort.
Snift	To sniff; to snuff; to smell.
Snift	A moment.
Snift	Slight snow; sleet.
Snifting	a. & n. from Snift.
Snig	To chop off; to cut.
Snig	To sneak.
Snig	Alt. of Snigg
Snigg	A small eel.
Sniggger	See Snicker.
Snigger	See Snicker.
Sniggled	of Sniggle
Sniggling	of Sniggle
Sniggle	To fish for eels by thrusting the baited hook into their holes or hiding places.
Sniggle	To catch, as an eel, by sniggling; hence, to hook; to insnare.
Snipped	of Snip
Snipping	of Snip
Snip	To cut off the nip or neb of, or to cut off at once with shears or scissors; to clip off suddenly; to nip; hence, to break off; to snatch away.
Snip	A single cut, as with shears or scissors; a clip.
Snip	A small shred; a bit cut off.
Snip	A share; a snack.
Snip	A tailor.
Snip	Small hand shears for cutting sheet metal.
Snipe	Any one of numerous species of limicoline game birds of the family Scolopacidae, having a long, slender, nearly straight beak.
Snipe	A fool; a blockhead.
Snipebill	A plane for cutting deep grooves in moldings.
Snipebill	A bolt by which the body of a cart is fastened to the axle.
Snipefish	The bellows fish.
Snipefish	A long, slender deep-sea fish (Nemichthys scolopaceus) with a slender beak.
Snippack	The common snipe.
Snipper	One who snips.
Snipper-snaper	A small, insignificant fellow.
Snippet	A small part or piece.
Snippety	Ridiculously small; petty.
Snip-snap	A tart dialogue with quick replies.
Snip-snap	Quick; short; sharp; smart.
Snypy	Like a snipe.
Snite	A snipe.
Snite	To blow, as the nose; to snuff, as a candle.
Snithe	Alt. of Snithy
Snithy	Sharp; piercing; cutting; -- applied to the wind.
Sniveled	of Snivel
Snivelled	of Snivel
Sniveling	of Snivel
Snivelling	of Snivel
Snivel	To run at the nose; to make a snuffling noise.
Snivel	To cry or whine with snuffling, as children; to cry weakly or whiningly.
Snivel	Mucus from the nose; snot.
Sniveler	One who snivels, esp. one who snivels habitually.
Snively	Running at the nose; sniveling pitiful; whining.
Snob	A vulgar person who affects to be better, richer, or more fashionable, than he really is; a vulgar upstart; one who apes his superiors.
Snob	A townsman.
Snob	A journeyman shoemaker.
Snob	A workman who accepts lower than the usual wages, or who refuses to strike when his fellows do; a rat; a knobstick.
Snobbery	The quality of being snobbish; snobbishness.
Snobbish	Of or pertaining to a snob; characteristic of, or befitting, a snob; vulgarly pretentious.
Snobbishness	Vulgar affectation or ostentation; mean admiration of mean things; conduct or manners of a snob.
Snobbism	Snobbery.
Snobby	Snobbish.
Snobling	A little snob.
Snobocracy	Snobs, collectively.
Snod	A fillet; a headband; a snood.
Snod	Trimmed; smooth; neat; trim; sly; cunning; demure.
Snoff	A short candle end used for igniting a fuse.
Snood	The fillet which binds the hair of a young unmarried woman, and is emblematic of her maiden character.
Snood	A short line (often of horsehair) connecting a fishing line with the hook; a snell; a leader.
Snood	To bind or braid up, as the hair, with a snood.
Snooded	Wearing or having a snood.
Snook	To lurk; to lie in ambush.
Snook	A large perchlike marine food fish (Centropomus undecimalis) found both on the Atlantic and Pacific coasts of tropical America; -- called also ravallia, and robalo.
Snook	The cobia.
Snook	The garfish.
Snooze	A short sleep; a nap.
Snoozed	of Snooze
Snoozing	of Snooze
Snooze	To doze; to drowse; to take a short nap; to slumber.
Snored	of Snore
Snoring	of Snore
Snore	To breathe with a rough, hoarse, nasal voice in sleep.
Snore	A harsh nasal noise made in sleep.
Snorer	One who snores.
Snoring	The act of respiring through the open mouth so that the currents of inspired and expired air cause a vibration of the uvula and soft palate, thus giving rise to a sound more or less harsh. It is usually unvoluntary, but may be produced voluntarily.
Snorted	of Snort
Snorting	of Snort
Snort	To force the air with violence through the nose, so as to make a noise, as do high-spirited horsed in prancing and play.
Snort	To snore.
Snort	To laugh out loudly.
Snort	The act of snorting; the sound produced in snorting.
Snort	To expel throught the nostrils with a snort; to utter with a snort.
Snorter	One who snorts.
Snorter	The wheather; -- so called from its cry.
Snot	Mucus secreted in, or discharged from, the nose.
Snot	A mean, insignificant fellow.
Snot	To blow, wipe, or clear, as the nose.
Snotter	To snivel; to cry or whine.
Snotter	A rope going over a yardarm, used to bend a tripping line to, in sending down topgallant and royal yards in vessels of war; also, the short line supporting the heel of the sprit in a small boat.
Snottery	Filth; abomination.
Snotty	Foul with snot; hence, mean; dirty.
Snout	The long, projecting nose of a beast, as of swine.
Snout	The nose of a man; -- in contempt.
Snout	The nozzle of a pipe, hose, etc.
Snout	The anterior prolongation of the head of a gastropod; -- called also rostrum.
Snout	The anterior prolongation of the head of weevils and allied beetles.
Snout	To furnish with a nozzle or point.
Snouty	Resembling a beast's snout.
Snow	A square-rigged vessel, differing from a brig only in that she has a trysail mast close abaft the mainmast, on which a large trysail is hoisted.
Snow	Watery particles congealed into white or transparent crystals or flakes in the air, and falling to the earth, exhibiting a great variety of very beautiful and perfect forms.
Snow	Fig.: Something white like snow, as the white color (argent) in heraldry; something which falls in, or as in, flakes.
Snowed	of Snow
Snowing	of Snow
Snow	To fall in or as snow; -- chiefly used impersonally; as, it snows; it snowed yesterday.
Snow	To scatter like snow; to cover with, or as with, snow.
Snowball	A round mass of snow pressed or roller together, or anything resembling such a mass.
Snowball	The Guelder-rose.
Snowballed	of Snowball
Snowballing	of Snowball
Snowball	To pelt with snowballs; to throw snowballs at.
Snowball	To throw snowballs.
Snowberry	A name of several shrubs with white berries; as, the Symphoricarpus racemosus of the Northern United States, and the Chiococca racemosa of Florida and tropical America.
Snowbird	An arctic finch (Plectrophenax, / Plectrophanes, nivalis) common, in winter, both in Europe and the United States, and often appearing in large flocks during snowstorms. It is partially white, but variously marked with chestnut and brown. Called also snow bunting, snowflake, snowfleck, and snowflight.
Snowbird	Any finch of the genus Junco which appears in flocks in winter time, especially J. hyemalis in the Eastern United States; -- called also blue snowbird. See Junco.
Snowbird	The fieldfare.
Snow-blind	Affected with blindness by the brilliancy of snow.
Snow-bound	Enveloped in, or confined by, snow.
Snow-broth	Snow and water mixed, or snow just melted; very cold liquor.
Snowcap	A very small humming bird (Microchaera albocoronata) native of New Grenada.
Snow-capped	Having the top capped or covered with snow; as, snow-capped mountains.
Snowdrift	A bank of drifted snow.
Snowdrop	A bulbous plant (Galanthus nivalis) bearing white flowers, which often appear while the snow is on the ground. It is cultivated in gardens for its beauty.
Snowflake	A flake, or small filmy mass, of snow.
Snowflake	See Snowbird, 1.
Snowflake	A name given to several bulbous plants of the genus Leucoium (L. vernum, aestivum, etc.) resembling the snowdrop, but having all the perianth leaves of equal size.
Snowfleck	See Snowbird, 1.
Snowl	The hooded merganser.
Snowless	Destitute of snow.
Snowplow	Alt. of Snowplough
Snowplough	An implement operating like a plow, but on a larger scale, for clearing away the snow from roads, railways, etc.
Snowshed	A shelter to protect from snow, esp. a long roof over an exposed part of a railroad.
Snowshoe	A slight frame of wood three or four feet long and about one third as wide, with thongs or cords stretched across it, and having a support and holder for the foot; -- used by persons for walking on soft snow.
Snowshoer	One who travels on snowshoes; an expert in using snowshoes.
Snowshoeing	Traveling on snowshoes.
Snowslip	A large mass or avalanche of snow which slips down the side of a mountain, etc.
Snowstorm	A storm with falling snow.
Snow-white	White as snow; very white.
Snowy	White like snow.
Snowy	Abounding with snow; covered with snow.
Snowy	Fig.: Pure; unblemished; unstained; spotless.
Snub	To sob with convulsions.
Snubbed	of Snub
Snubbing	of Snub
Snub	To clip or break off the end of; to check or stunt the growth of; to nop.
Snub	To check, stop, or rebuke, with a tart, sarcastic reply or remark; to reprimand; to check.
Snub	To treat with contempt or neglect, as a forward or pretentious person; to slight designedly.
Snub	A knot; a protuberance; a song.
Snub	A check or rebuke; an intended slight.
Snub-nosed	Having a short, flat nose, slightly turned up; as, the snub-nosed eel.
Snudge	To lie snug or quiet.
Snudge	A miser; a sneaking fellow.
Snuff	The part of a candle wick charred by the flame, whether burning or not.
Snuffed	of Snuff
Snuffing	of Snuff
Snuff	To crop the snuff of, as a candle; to take off the end of the snuff of.
Snuff	To draw in, or to inhale, forcibly through the nose; to sniff.
Snuff	To perceive by the nose; to scent; to smell.
Snuff	To inhale air through the nose with violence or with noise, as do dogs and horses.
Snuff	To turn up the nose and inhale air, as an expression of contempt; hence, to take offense.
Snuff	The act of snuffing; perception by snuffing; a sniff.
Snuff	Pulverized tobacco, etc., prepared to be taken into the nose; also, the amount taken at once.
Snuff	Resentment, displeasure, or contempt, expressed by a snuffing of the nose.
Snuffbox	A small box for carrying snuff about the person.
Snuffer	One who snuffs.
Snuffer	The common porpoise.
Snuffers	An instrument for cropping and holding the snuff of a candle.
Snuffingly	In a snuffing manner.
Snuffled	of Snuffle
Snuffling	of Snuffle
Snuffle	To speak through the nose; to breathe through the nose when it is obstructed, so as to make a broken sound.
Snuffle	The act of snuffing; a sound made by the air passing through the nose when obstructed.
Snuffle	An affected nasal twang; hence, cant; hypocrisy.
Snuffle	Obstruction of the nose by mucus; nasal catarrh of infants or children.
Snuffler	One who snuffles; one who uses cant.
Snuffy	Soiled with snuff.
Snuffy	Sulky; angry; vexed.
Snug	Close and warm; as, an infant lies snug.
Snug	Close; concealed; not exposed to notice.
Snug	Compact, convenient, and comfortable; as, a snug farm, house, or property.
Snug	Same as Lug, n., 3.
Snugged	of Snug
Snugging	of Snug
Snug	To lie close; to snuggle; to snudge; -- often with up, or together; as, a child snugs up to its mother.
Snug	To place snugly.
Snug	To rub, as twine or rope, so as to make it smooth and improve the finish.
Snuggeries	of Snuggery
Snuggery	A snug, cozy place.
Snuggled	of Snuggle
Snuggling	of Snuggle
Snuggle	To move one way and the other so as to get a close place; to lie close for comfort; to cuddle; to nestle.
Snugly	In a snug manner; closely; safely.
Snugness	The quality or state of being snug.
Sny	An upward bend in a piece of timber; the sheer of a vessel.
Snying	A curved plank, placed edgewise, to work in the bows of a vessel.
So	In that manner or degree; as, indicated (in any way), or as implied, or as supposed to be known.
So	In like manner or degree; in the same way; thus; for like reason; whith equal reason; -- used correlatively, following as, to denote comparison or resemblance; sometimes, also, following inasmuch as.
So	In such manner; to such degree; -- used correlatively with as or that following; as, he was so fortunate as to escape.
So	Very; in a high degree; that is, in such a degree as can not well be expressed; as, he is so good; he planned so wisely.
So	In the same manner; as has been stated or suggested; in this or that condition or state; under these circumstances; in this way; -- with reflex reference to something just asserted or implied; used also with the verb to be, as a predicate.
So	The case being such; therefore; on this account; for this reason; on these terms; -- used both as an adverb and a conjuction.
So	It is well; let it be as it is, or let it come to pass; -- used to express assent.
So	Well; the fact being as stated; -- used as an expletive; as, so the work is done, is it?
So	Is it thus? do you mean what you say? -- with an upward tone; as, do you say he refuses? So?
So	About the number, time, or quantity specified; thereabouts; more or less; as, I will spend a week or so in the country; I have read only a page or so.
So	Provided that; on condition that; in case that; if.
So	Be as you are; stand still; stop; that will do; right as you are; -- a word used esp. to cows; also used by sailors.
Soaked	of Soak
Soaking	of Soak
Soak	To cause or suffer to lie in a fluid till the substance has imbibed what it can contain; to macerate in water or other liquid; to steep, as for the purpose of softening or freshening; as, to soak cloth; to soak bread; to soak salt meat, salt fish, or the like.
Soak	To drench; to wet thoroughly.
Soak	To draw in by the pores, or through small passages; as, a sponge soaks up water; the skin soaks in moisture.
Soak	To make (its way) by entering pores or interstices; -- often with through.
Soak	Fig.: To absorb; to drain.
Soak	To lie steeping in water or other liquid; to become sturated; as, let the cloth lie and soak.
Soak	To enter (into something) by pores or interstices; as, water soaks into the earth or other porous matter.
Soak	To drink intemperately or gluttonously.
Soakage	The act of soaking, or the state of being soaked; also, the quantity that enters or issues by soaking.
Soaker	One who, or that which, soaks.
Soaker	A hard drinker.
Soaking	Wetting thoroughly; drenching; as, a soaking rain.
Soaky	Full of moisture; wet; soppy.
Soal	The sole of a shoe.
Soal	See Sole, the fish.
Soal	A dirty pond.
Soam	A chain by which a leading horse draws a plow.
Soap	A substance which dissolves in water, thus forming a lather, and is used as a cleansing agent. Soap is produced by combining fats or oils with alkalies or alkaline earths, usually by boiling, and consists of salts of sodium, potassium, etc., with the fatty acids (oleic, stearic, palmitic, etc.). See the Note below, and cf. Saponification. By extension, any compound of similar composition or properties, whether used as a cleaning agent or not.
Soaped	of Soap
Soaping	of Soap
Soap	To rub or wash over with soap.
Soap	To flatter; to wheedle.
Soapberry tree	Any tree of the genus Sapindus, esp. Sapindus saponaria, the fleshy part of whose fruit is used instead of soap in washing linen; -- also called soap tree.
Soapfish	Any serranoid fish of the genus Rhypticus; -- so called from the soapy feeling of its skin.
Soapiness	Quality or state of being soapy.
Soaproot	A perennial herb (Gypsophila Struthium) the root of which is used in Spain as a substitute for soap.
Soapstone	See Steatite, and Talc.
Soapsuds	Suds made with soap.
Soapwort	A common plant (Saponaria officinalis) of the Pink family; -- so called because its bruised leaves, when agitated in water, produce a lather like that from soap. Called also Bouncing Bet.
Soapy	Resembling soap; having the qualities of, or feeling like, soap; soft and smooth.
Soapy	Smeared with soap; covered with soap.
Soared	of Soar
Soaring	of Soar
Soar	To fly aloft, as a bird; to mount upward on wings, or as on wings.
Soar	Fig.: To rise in thought, spirits, or imagination; to be exalted in mood.
Soar	The act of soaring; upward flight.
Soar	See 3d Sore.
Soar	See Sore, reddish brown.
Soaring	a. & n. from Soar.
Soave	Sweet.
Soavemente	Sweetly.
Sob	To soak.
Sobbed	of Sob
Sobbing	of Sob
Sob	To sigh with a sudden heaving of the breast, or with a kind of convulsive motion; to sigh with tears, and with a convulsive drawing in of the breath.
Sob	The act of sobbing; a convulsive sigh, or inspiration of the breath, as in sorrow.
Sob	Any sorrowful cry or sound.
Sobbing	A series of short, convulsive inspirations, the glottis being suddenly closed so that little or no air enters into the lungs.
Sober	Temperate in the use of spirituous liquors; habitually temperate; as, a sober man.
Sober	Not intoxicated or excited by spirituous liquors; as, the sot may at times be sober.
Sober	Not mad or insane; not wild, visionary, or heated with passion; exercising cool, dispassionate reason; self-controlled; self-possessed.
Sober	Not proceeding from, or attended with, passion; calm; as, sober judgment; a man in his sober senses.
Sober	Serious or subdued in demeanor, habit, appearance, or color; solemn; grave; sedate.
Sobered	of Sober
Sobering	of Sober
Sober	To make sober.
Sober	To become sober; -- often with down.
Soberize	To sober.
Soberly	In a sober manner; temperately; cooly; calmly; gravely; seriously.
Soberly	Grave; serious; solemn; sad.
Sober-minded	Having a disposition or temper habitually sober.
Soberness	The quality or state of being sober.
Soboles	A shoot running along under ground, forming new plants at short distances.
Soboles	A sucker, as of tree or shrub.
Soboliferous	Producing soboles. See Illust. of Houseleek.
Sobriety	Habitual soberness or temperance as to the use of spirituous liquors; as, a man of sobriety.
Sobriety	Habitual freedom from enthusiasm, inordinate passion, or overheated imagination; calmness; coolness; gravity; seriousness; as, the sobriety of riper years.
Sobriquet	An assumed name; a fanciful epithet or appellation; a nickname.
Soc	The lord's power or privilege of holding a court in a district, as in manor or lordship; jurisdiction of causes, and the limits of that jurisdiction.
Soc	Liberty or privilege of tenants excused from customary burdens.
Soc	An exclusive privilege formerly claimed by millers of grinding all the corn used within the manor or township which the mill stands.
Socage	A tenure of lands and tenements by a certain or determinate service; a tenure distinct from chivalry or knight's service, in which the obligations were uncertain. The service must be certain, in order to be denominated socage, as to hold by fealty and twenty shillings rent.
Socager	A tennant by socage; a socman.
So-called	So named; called by such a name (but perhaps called thus with doubtful propriety).
Sociability	The quality of being sociable; sociableness.
SSociable	Capable of being, or fit to be, united in one body or company; associable.
SSociable	Inclined to, or adapted for, society; ready to unite with others; fond of companions; social.
SSociable	Ready to converse; inclined to talk with others; not taciturn or reserved.
SSociable	Affording opportunites for conversation; characterized by much conversation; as, a sociable party.
SSociable	No longer hostile; friendly.
Sociable	A gathering of people for social purposes; an informal party or reception; as, a church sociable.
Sociable	A carriage having two double seats facing each other, and a box for the driver.
Sociableness	The quality of being sociable.
Sociably	In a sociable manner.
Social	Of or pertaining to society; relating to men living in society, or to the public as an aggregate body; as, social interest or concerns; social pleasure; social benefits; social happiness; social duties.
Social	Ready or disposed to mix in friendly converse; companionable; sociable; as, a social person.
Social	Consisting in union or mutual intercourse.
Social	Naturally growing in groups or masses; -- said of many individual plants of the same species.
Social	Living in communities consisting of males, females, and neuters, as do ants and most bees.
Social	Forming compound groups or colonies by budding from basal processes or stolons; as, the social ascidians.
Socialism	A theory or system of social reform which contemplates a complete reconstruction of society, with a more just and equitable distribution of property and labor. In popular usage, the term is often employed to indicate any lawless, revolutionary social scheme. See Communism, Fourierism, Saint-Simonianism, forms of socialism.
Socialist	One who advocates or practices the doctrines of socialism.
Socialist	Alt. of Socialistic
Socialistic	Pertaining to, or of the nature of, socialism.
Sociality	The quality of being social; socialness.
Socialize	To render social.
Socialize	To subject to, or regulate by, socialism.
Socially	In a social manner; sociably.
Socialness	The quality or state of being social.
Sociate	Associated.
Sociate	An associate.
Sociate	To associate.
Societarian	Of or pertaining to society; social.
Societary	Societarian.
Societies	of Society
Society	The relationship of men to one another when associated in any way; companionship; fellowship; company.
Society	Connection; participation; partnership.
Society	A number of persons associated for any temporary or permanent object; an association for mutual or joint usefulness, pleasure, or profit; a social union; a partnership; as, a missionary society.
Society	The persons, collectively considered, who live in any region or at any period; any community of individuals who are united together by a common bond of nearness or intercourse; those who recognize each other as associates, friends, and acquaintances.
Society	Specifically, the more cultivated portion of any community in its social relations and influences; those who mutually give receive formal entertainments.
Socinian	Of or pertaining to Socinus, or the Socinians.
Socinian	One of the followers of Socinus; a believer in Socinianism.
Socinianism	The tenets or doctrines of Faustus Socinus, an Italian theologian of the sixteenth century, who denied the Trinity, the deity of Christ, the personality of the Devil, the native and total depravity of man, the vicarious atonement, and the eternity of future punishment. His theory was, that Christ was a man divinely commissioned, who had no existence before he was conceived by the Virgin Mary; that human sin was the imitation of Adam's sin, and that human salvation was the imitation and adoption of Christ's virtue; that the Bible was to be interpreted by human reason; and that its language was metaphorical, and not to be taken literally.
Socinianized	of Socinianize
Socinianizing	of Socinianize
Socinianize	To cause to conform to Socinianism; to regulate by, or imbue with, the principles of Socinianism.
Sociologic	Alt. of Sociological
Sociological	Of or pertaining to sociology, or social science.
Sociologist	One who treats of, or devotes himself to, the study of sociology.
Sociology	That branch of philosophy which treats of the constitution, phenomena, and development of human society; social science.
Sock	A plowshare.
Sock	The shoe worn by actors of comedy in ancient Greece and Rome, -- used as a symbol of comedy, or of the comic drama, as distinguished from tragedy, which is symbolized by the buskin.
Sock	A knit or woven covering for the foot and lower leg; a stocking with a short leg.
Sock	A warm inner sole for a shoe.
Sockdolager	That which finishes or ends a matter; a settler; a poser, as a heavy blow, a conclusive answer, and the like.
Sockdolager	A combination of two hooks which close upon each other, by means of a spring, as soon as the fish bites.
Socket	An opening into which anything is fitted; any hollow thing or place which receives and holds something else; as, the sockets of the teeth.
Socket	Especially, the hollow tube or place in which a candle is fixed in the candlestick.
Socketed	Having a socket.
Sockless	Destitute of socks or shoes.
Socky	Wet; soaky.
Socle	A plain block or plinth forming a low pedestal; any base; especially, the base of a statue, column, or the like. See Plinth.
Socle	A plain face or plinth at the lower part of a wall.
Socmen	of Socman
Socman	One who holds lands or tenements by socage; a socager.
Socmanry	Tenure by socage.
Socome	A custom of tenants to grind corn at the lord's mill.
Socotrine	Of or pertaining to Socotra, an island in the Indian Ocean, on the east coast of Africa.
Socotrine	A native or inhabitant of Socotra.
Socratic	Alt. of Socratical
Socratical	Of or pertaining to Socrates, the Grecian sage and teacher. (b. c. 469-399), or to his manner of teaching and philosophizing.
Socratically	In the Socratic method.
Socratism	The philosophy or the method of Socrates.
Socratist	A disciple or follower of Socrates.
Sod	The rock dove.
Sod	imp. of Seethe.
Sod	That stratum of the surface of the soil which is filled with the roots of grass, or any portion of that surface; turf; sward.
Sodden	of Sod
Sodding	of Sod
Sod	To cover with sod; to turf.
Soda	Sodium oxide or hydroxide.
Soda	Popularly, sodium carbonate or bicarbonate.
Sodaic	Pertaining to, or containing, soda.
Sodalite	A mineral of a white to blue or gray color, occuring commonly in dodecahedrons, also massive.  It is a silicate of alumina and soda with some chlorine.
Sodalities	of Sodality
Sodality	A fellowship or fraternity; a brotherhood.
Sodality	Specifically, a lay association for devotion or for charitable purposes.
Sodamide	A greenish or reddish crystalline substance, NaNH2, obtained by passing ammonia over heated sodium.
Sodden	Boiled; seethed; also, soaked; heavy with moisture; saturated; as, sodden beef; sodden bread; sodden fields.
Sodden	To be seethed; to become sodden.
Sodden	To soak; to make heavy with water.
Sodden-witted	Heavy; dull.
Soddy	Consisting of sod; covered with sod; turfy.
Soder	See Solder.
Sodic	Of or pertaining to sodium; containing sodium.
Sodio-	A combining form (also used adjectively) denoting the presence of sodium or one of its compounds.
Sodium	A common metallic element of the alkali group, in nature always occuring combined, as in common salt, in albite, etc. It is isolated as a soft, waxy, white, unstable metal, so readily oxidized that it combines violently with water, and to be preserved must be kept under petroleum or some similar liquid. Sodium is used combined in many salts, in the free state as a reducer, and as a means of obtaining other metals (as magnesium and aluminium) is an important commercial product. Symbol Na  (Natrium). Atomic weight 23. Specific gravity 0.97.
Sodomite	An inhabitant of Sodom.
Sodomite	One guilty of sodomy.
Sodomitical	Pertaining to, or of the nature of, sodomy.
Sodomy	Carnal copulation in a manner against nature; buggery.
Soe	A large wooden vessel for holding water; a cowl.
Soever	A word compounded of so and ever, used in composition with who, what, where, when, how, etc., and indicating any out of all possible or supposable persons, things, places, times, ways, etc. It is sometimes used separate from the pronoun or adverb.
Sofas	of Sofa
Sofa	A long seat, usually with a cushioned bottom, back, and ends; -- much used as a comfortable piece of furniture.
Soffit	The under side of the subordinate parts and members of buildings, such as staircases, entablatures, archways, cornices, or the like. See Illust. of Lintel.
Sofis	of Sofi
Sofi	Same as Sufi.
Sofism	Same as Sufism.
Soft	Easily yielding to pressure; easily impressed, molded, or cut; not firm in resisting; impressible; yielding; also, malleable; -- opposed to hard; as, a soft bed; a soft peach; soft earth; soft wood or metal.
Soft	Not rough, rugged, or harsh to the touch; smooth; delicate; fine; as, soft silk; a soft skin.
Soft	Hence, agreeable to feel, taste, or inhale; not irritating to the tissues; as, a soft liniment; soft wines.
Soft	Not harsh or offensive to the sight; not glaring; pleasing to the eye; not exciting by intensity of color or violent contrast; as, soft hues or tints.
Soft	Not harsh or rough in sound; gentle and pleasing to the ear; flowing; as, soft whispers of music.
Soft	Easily yielding; susceptible to influence; flexible; gentle; kind.
Soft	Expressing gentleness, tenderness, or the like; mild; conciliatory; courteous; kind; as, soft eyes.
Soft	Effeminate; not courageous or manly, weak.
Soft	Gentle in action or motion; easy.
Soft	Weak in character; impressible.
Soft	Somewhat weak in intellect.
Soft	Quiet; undisturbed; paceful; as, soft slumbers.
Soft	Having, or consisting of, a gentle curve or curves; not angular or abrupt; as, soft outlines.
Soft	Not tinged with mineral salts; adapted to decompose soap; as, soft water is the best for washing.
Soft	Applied to a palatal, a sibilant, or a dental consonant (as g in gem, c in cent, etc.) as distinguished from a guttural mute (as g in go, c in cone, etc.); -- opposed to hard.
Soft	Belonging to the class of sonant elements as distinguished from the surd, and considered as involving less force in utterance; as, b, d, g, z, v, etc., in contrast with p, t, k, s, f, etc.
Soft	A soft or foolish person; an idiot.
Soft	Softly; without roughness or harshness; gently; quietly.
Soft	Be quiet; hold; stop; not so fast.
Softa	Any one attached to a Mohammedan mosque, esp. a student of the higher branches of theology in a mosque school.
Softened	of Soften
Softening	of Soften
Soften	To make soft or more soft.
Soften	To render less hard; -- said of matter.
Soften	To mollify; to make less fierce or intractable.
Soften	To palliate; to represent as less enormous; as, to soften a fault.
Soften	To compose; to mitigate; to assuage.
Soften	To make less harsh, less rude, less offensive, or less violent, or to render of an opposite quality.
Soften	To make less glaring; to tone down; as, to soften the coloring of a picture.
Soften	To make tender; to make effeminate; to enervate; as, troops softened by luxury.
Soften	To make less harsh or grating, or of a quality the opposite; as, to soften the voice.
Soften	To become soft or softened, or less rude, harsh, severe, or obdurate.
Softener	One who, or that which, softens.
Softening	a. & n. from Soften, v.
Soft-finned	Having the fin rays cartilaginous or flexible; without spines; -- said of certain fishes.
Soft-headed	Weak in intellect.
Soft-hearted	Having softness or tenderness of heart; susceptible of pity or other kindly affection; gentle; meek.
Softish	Somewhat soft.
Softling	A soft, effeminate person; a voluptuary.
Softly	In a soft manner.
Softner	See Softener.
Softness	The quality or state of being soft; -- opposed to hardness, and used in the various specific senses of the adjective.
Soft-shell	Alt. of Soft-shelled
Soft-shelled	Having a soft or fragile shell.
Soft-spoken	Speaking softly; having a mild or gentle voice; hence, mild; affable.
Sogginess	The quality or state of being soggy; soddenness; wetness.
Soggy	Filled with water; soft with moisture; sodden; soaked; wet; as, soggy land or timber.
Soho	Ho; -- a word used in calling from a distant place; a sportsman's halloo.
Soi-disant	Calling himself; self-styled; pretended; would-be.
Soiled	of Soil
Soiling	of Soil
Soil	To feed, as cattle or horses, in the barn or an inclosure, with fresh grass or green food cut for them, instead of sending them out to pasture; hence (such food having the effect of purging them), to purge by feeding on green food; as, to soil a horse.
Soil	The upper stratum of the earth; the mold, or that compound substance which furnishes nutriment to plants, or which is particularly adapted to support and nourish them.
Soil	Land; country.
Soil	Dung; faeces; compost; manure; as, night soil.
Soil	To enrich with soil or muck; to manure.
Soil	A marshy or miry place to which a hunted boar resorts for refuge; hence, a wet place, stream, or tract of water, sought for by other game, as deer.
Soil	To make dirty or unclean on the surface; to foul; to dirty; to defile; as, to soil a garment with dust.
Soil	To stain or mar, as with infamy or disgrace; to tarnish; to sully.
Soil	To become soiled; as, light colors soil sooner than dark ones.
Soil	That which soils or pollutes; a soiled place; spot; stain.
Soiliness	Stain; foulness.
Soilless	Destitute of soil or mold.
Soilure	Stain; pollution.
Soily	Dirty; soiled.
Soiree	An evening party; -- distinguished from levee, and matinee.
Soja	An Asiatic leguminous herb (Glycine Soja) the seeds of which are used in preparing the sauce called soy.
Sojourned	of Sojourn
Sojourning	of Sojourn
Sojourn	To dwell for a time; to dwell or live in a place as a temporary resident or as a stranger, not considering the place as a permanent habitation; to delay; to tarry.
Sojourn	A temporary residence, as that of a traveler in a foreign land.
Sojourner	One who sojourns.
Sojourning	The act or state of one who sojourns.
Sojournment	Temporary residence, as that of a stranger or a traveler.
Soke	See Soc.
Soke	One of the small territorial divisions into which Lincolnshire, England, is divided.
Sokeman	See Socman.
Sokemanry	See Socmanry.
Soken	A toll. See Soc, n., 2.
Soken	A district held by socage.
Soko	An African anthropoid ape, supposed to be a variety of the chimpanzee.
Sol	The sun.
Sol	Gold; -- so called from its brilliancy, color, and value.
Sol	A syllable applied in solmization to the note G, or to the fifth tone of any diatonic scale.
Sol	The tone itself.
Sol	A sou.
Sol	A silver and gold coin of Peru. The silver sol is the unit of value, and is worth about 68 cents.
Sola	See Solus.
Sola	A leguminous plant (Aeschynomene aspera) growing in moist places in Southern India and the East Indies. Its pithlike stem is used for making hats, swimming-jackets, etc.
Solace	Comfort in grief; alleviation of grief or anxiety; also, that which relieves in distress; that which cheers or consoles; relief.
Solace	Rest; relaxation; ease.
Solaced	of Solace
Solacing	of Solace
Solace	To cheer in grief or under calamity; to comfort; to relieve in affliction, solitude, or discomfort; to console; -- applied to persons; as, to solace one with the hope of future reward.
Solace	To allay; to assuage; to soothe; as, to solace grief.
Solace	To take comfort; to be cheered.
Solacement	The act of solacing, or the state of being solaced; also, that which solaces.
Solacious	Affording solace; as, a solacious voice.
Solanaceous	Of or pertaining to plants of the natural order Solanaceae, of which the nightshade (Solanum) is the type. The order includes also the tobacco, ground cherry, tomato, eggplant, red pepper, and many more.
Soland	A solan goose.
Solander	See Sallenders.
Solan goose	The common gannet.
Solania	Solanine.
Solanicine	An alkaloid produced by the action of hydrochloric acid on solanidine, as a tasteless yellow crystalline substance.
Solanidine	An alkaloid produced by the decomposition of solanine, as a white crystalline substance having a harsh bitter taste.
Solanine	A poisonous alkaloid glucoside extracted from the berries of common nightshade (Solanum nigrum), and of bittersweet, and from potato sprouts, as a white crystalline substance having an acrid, burning taste; -- called also solonia, and solanina.
Solano	A hot, oppressive wind which sometimes blows in the Mediterranean, particularly on the eastern coast of Spain.
Solanoid	Resembling a potato; -- said of a kind of cancer.
Solanum	A genus of plants comprehending the potato (S. tuberosum), the eggplant (S. melongena, and several hundred other species; nightshade.
Solar	A loft or upper chamber; a garret room.
Solar	Of or pertaining to the sun; proceeding from the sun; as, the solar system; solar light; solar rays; solar influence. See Solar system, below.
Solar	Born under the predominant influence of the sun.
Solar	Measured by the progress or revolution of the sun in the ecliptic; as, the solar year.
Solar	Produced by the action of the sun, or peculiarly affected by its influence.
Solaria	of Solarium
Solarium	An apartment freely exposed to the sun; anciently, an apartment or inclosure on the roof of a house; in modern times, an apartment in a hospital, used as a resort for convalescents.
Solarium	Any one of several species of handsome marine spiral shells of the genus Solarium and allied genera. The shell is conical, and usually has a large, deep umbilicus exposing the upper whorls. Called also perspective shell.
Solarization	Injury of a photographic picture caused by exposing it for too long a time to the sun's light in the camera; burning; excessive insolation.
Solarized	of Solarize
Solarizing	of Solarize
Solarize	To injure by too long exposure to the light of the sun in the camera; to burn.
Solarize	To become injured by undue or too long exposure to the sun's rays in the camera.
Solary	Solar.
Solas	Solace.
Solatium	Anything which alleviates or compensates for suffering or loss; a compensation; esp., an additional allowance, as for injured feelings.
Sold	imp. & p. p. of Sell.
Sold	Solary; military pay.
Soldan	A sultan.
Soldanel	A plant of the genus Soldanella, low Alpine herbs of the Primrose family.
Soldanrie	The country ruled by a soldan, or sultan.
Solder	A metal or metallic alloy used when melted for uniting adjacent metallic edges or surfaces; a metallic cement.
Solder	anything which unites or cements.
Soldered	of Solder
Soldering	of Solder
Solder	To unite (metallic surfaces or edges) by the intervention of a more fusible metal or metallic alloy applied when melted; to join by means of metallic cement.
Solder	To mend; to patch up.
Solderer	One who solders.
Soldering	a. & n. from Solder, v. t.
Soldier	One who is engaged in military service as an officer or a private; one who serves in an army; one of an organized body of combatants.
Soldier	Especially, a private in military service, as distinguished from an officer.
Soldier	A brave warrior; a man of military experience and skill, or a man of distinguished valor; -- used by way of emphasis or distinction.
Soldier	The red or cuckoo gurnard (Trigla pini.)
Soldier	One of the asexual polymorphic forms of white ants, or termites, in which the head and jaws are very large and strong. The soldiers serve to defend the nest. See Termite.
Soldier	To serve as a soldier.
Soldier	To make a pretense of doing something, or of performing any task.
Soldieress	A female soldier.
Soldiering	The act of serving as a soldier; the state of being a soldier; the occupation of a soldier.
Soldiering	The act of feigning to work. See the Note under Soldier, v. i., 2.
Soldierlike	Like a soldier; soldierly.
Soldierly	Like or becoming a real soldier; brave; martial; heroic; honorable; soldierlike.
Soldiership	Military qualities or state; martial skill; behavior becoming a soldier.
Soldierwood	A showy leguminous plant (Calliandra purpurea) of the West Indies. The flowers have long tassels of purple stamens.
Soldiery	A body of soldiers; soldiers, collectivelly; the military.
Soldiery	Military service.
Soldi	of Soldo
Soldo	A small Italian coin worth a sou or a cent; the twentieth part of a lira.
Sole	Any one of several species of flatfishes of the genus Solea and allied genera of the family Soleidae, especially the common European species (Solea vulgaris), which is a valuable food fish.
Sole	Any one of several American flounders somewhat resembling the true sole in form or quality, as the California sole (Lepidopsetta bilineata), the long-finned sole (Glyptocephalus zachirus), and other species.
Sole	The bottom of the foot; hence, also, rarely, the foot itself.
Sole	The bottom of a shoe or boot, or the piece of leather which constitutes the bottom.
Sole	The bottom or lower part of anything, or that on which anything rests in standing.
Sole	The bottom of the body of a plow; -- called also slade; also, the bottom of a furrow.
Sole	The horny substance under a horse's foot, which protects the more tender parts.
Sole	The bottom of an embrasure.
Sole	A piece of timber attached to the lower part of the rudder, to make it even with the false keel.
Sole	The seat or bottom of a mine; -- applied to horizontal veins or lodes.
Soled	of Sole
Soling	of Sole
Sole	To furnish with a sole; as, to sole a shoe.
Sole	Being or acting without another; single; individual; only.
Sole	Single; unmarried; as, a feme sole.
Solecism	An impropriety or incongruity of language in the combination of words or parts of a sentence; esp., deviation from the idiom of a language or from the rules of syntax.
Solecism	Any inconsistency, unfitness, absurdity, or impropriety, as in deeds or manners.
Solecist	One who commits a solecism.
Solecistic	Solecistical.
Solecistical	Pertaining to, or involving, a solecism; incorrect.
Solecistically	In a solecistic manner.
Solecize	To commit a solecism.
Solely	Singly; alone; only; without another; as, to rest a cause solely one argument; to rely solelyn one's own strength.
Solemn	Marked with religious rites and pomps; enjoined by, or connected with, religion; sacred.
Solemn	Pertaining to a festival; festive; festal.
Solemn	Stately; ceremonious; grand.
Solemn	Fitted to awaken or express serious reflections; marked by seriousness; serious; grave; devout; as, a solemn promise; solemn earnestness.
Solemn	Real; earnest; downright.
Solemn	Affectedly grave or serious; as, to put on a solemn face.
Solemn	Made in form; ceremonious; as, solemn war; conforming with all legal requirements; as, probate in solemn form.
Solemness	Solemnness.
Solemnities	of Solemnity
Solemnity	A rite or ceremony performed with religious reverence; religious or ritual ceremony; as, the solemnity of a funeral, a sacrament.
Solemnity	ceremony adapted to impress with awe.
Solemnity	Ceremoniousness; impressiveness; seriousness; grave earnestness; formal dignity; gravity.
Solemnity	Hence, affected gravity or seriousness.
Solemnity	Solemn state or feeling; awe or reverence; also, that which produces such a feeling; as, the solemnity of an audience; the solemnity of Westminster Abbey.
Solemnity	A solemn or formal observance; proceeding according to due form; the formality which is necessary to render a thing done valid.
Solemnizate	To solemnize; as, to solemnizate matrimony.
Solemnization	The act of solemnizing; celebration; as, the solemnization of a marriage.
Solemnized	of Solemnize
Solemnizing	of Solemnize
Solemnize	To perform with solemn or ritual ceremonies, or according to legal forms.
Solemnize	To dignify or honor by ceremonies; to celebrate.
Solemnize	To make grave, serious, and reverential.
Solemnize	Solemnization.
Solemnizer	One who solemnizes.
Solemnly	In a solemn manner; with gravity; seriously; formally.
Solemnness	The state or quality of being solemn; solemnity; impressiveness; gravity; as, the solemnness of public worship.
Solempne	Solemn; grand; stately; splendid; magnificent.
Solen	A cradle, as for a broken limb. See Cradle, 6.
Solen	Any marine bivalve mollusk belonging to Solen or allied genera of the family Solenidae; a razor shell.
Solenacean	Any species of marine bivalve shells belonging to the family Solenidae.
Solenaceous	Of or pertaining to the solens or family Solenidae.
Soleness	The state of being sole, or alone; singleness.
Solenette	A small European sole (Solea minuta).
Solenoconcha	Same as Scaphopoda.
Solenodon	Either one of two species of singular West Indian insectivores, allied to the tenrec. One species (Solendon paradoxus), native of St. Domingo, is called also agouta; the other (S. Cubanus), found in Cuba, is called almique.
Solenogastra	An order of lowly organized Mollusca belonging to the Isopleura. A narrow groove takes the place of the foot of other gastropods.
Solenoglyph	Pertaining to the Selenoglypha. See Ophidia.
Solenoglyph	One of the Selenoglypha.
Solenoglypha	A suborder of serpents including those which have tubular erectile fangs, as the viper and rattlesnake. See Fang.
Solenoid	An electrodynamic spiral having the conjuctive wire turned back along its axis, so as to neutralize that component of the effect of the current which is due to the length of the spiral, and reduce the whole effect to that of a series of equal and parallel circular currents. When traversed by a current the solenoid exhibits polarity and attraction or repulsion, like a magnet.
Solenostomi	A tribe of lophobranch fishes having a tubular snout. The female carries the eggs in a ventral pouch.
Soleplate	A bedplate; as, the soleplate of a steam engine.
Soleplate	The plate forming the back of a waterwheel bucket.
Soler	Alt. of Solere
Solere	A loft or garret. See Solar, n.
Solert	Skillful; clever; crafty.
Solertiousness	The quality or state of being solert.
Soleship	The state of being sole, or alone; soleness.
Sol-faed	of Sol-fa
Sol-faing	of Sol-fa
Sol-fa	To sing the notes of the gamut, ascending or descending; as, do or ut, re, mi, fa, sol, la, si, do, or the same in reverse order.
Sol-fa	The gamut, or musical scale. See Tonic sol-fa, under Tonic, n.
Solfanaria	A sulphur mine.
Solfatara	A volcanic area or vent which yields only sulphur vapors, steam, and the like. It represents the stages of the volcanic activity.
Solfeggiare	To sol-fa. See Sol-fa, v. i.
Solfeggio	The system of arranging the scale by the names do, re, mi, fa, sol, la, si, by which singing is taught; a singing exercise upon these syllables.
Solferino	A brilliant deep pink color with a purplish tinge, one of the dyes derived from aniline; -- so called from Solferino in Italy, where a battle was fought about the time of its discovery.
Soli	pl. of Solo.
Solicited	of Solicit
Soliciting	of Solicit
Solicit	To ask from with earnestness; to make petition to; to apply to for obtaining something; as, to solicit person for alms.
Solicit	To endeavor to obtain; to seek; to plead for; as, to solicit an office; to solicit a favor.
Solicit	To awake or excite to action; to rouse desire in; to summon; to appeal to; to invite.
Solicit	To urge the claims of; to plead; to act as solicitor for or with reference to.
Solicit	To disturb; to disquiet; -- a Latinism rarely used.
Solicitant	One who solicits.
Solicitate	Solicitous.
Soliitation	The act of soliciting; earnest request; persistent asking; importunity.
Soliitation	Excitement; invitation; as, the solicitation of the senses.
Solicitor	One who solicits.
Solicitor	An attorney or advocate; one who represents another in court; -- formerly, in English practice, the professional designation of a person admitted to practice in a court of chancery or equity. See the Note under Attorney.
Solicitor	The law officer of a city, town, department, or government; as, the city solicitor; the solicitor of the treasury.
Solicitor-general	The second law officer in the government of Great Britain; also, a similar officer under the United States government, who is associated with the attorney-general; also, the chief law officer of some of the States.
Solicitous	Disposed to solicit; eager to obtain something desirable, or to avoid anything evil; concerned; anxious; careful.
Solicitress	A woman who solicits.
Solicitude	The state of being solicitous; uneasiness of mind occasioned by fear of evil or desire good; anxiety.
Solid	Having the constituent parts so compact, or so firmly adhering, as to resist the impression or penetration of other bodies; having a fixed form; hard; firm; compact; -- opposed to fluid and liquid or to plastic, like clay, or to incompact, like sand.
Solid	Not hollow; full of matter; as, a solid globe or cone, as distinguished from a hollow one; not spongy; dense; hence, sometimes, heavy.
Solid	Having all the geometrical dimensions; cubic; as, a solid foot contains 1,728 solid inches.
Solid	Firm; compact; strong; stable; unyielding; as, a solid pier; a solid pile; a solid wall.
Solid	Applied to a compound word whose parts are closely united and form an unbroken word; -- opposed to hyphened.
Solid	Fig.: Worthy of credit, trust, or esteem; substantial, as opposed to frivolous or fallacious; weighty; firm; strong; valid; just; genuine.
Solid	Sound; not weakly; as, a solid constitution of body.
Solid	Of a fleshy, uniform, undivided substance, as a bulb or root; not spongy or hollow within, as a stem.
Solid	Impenetrable; resisting or excluding any other material particle or atom from any given portion of space; -- applied to the supposed ultimate particles of matter.
Solid	Not having the lines separated by leads; not open.
Solid	United; without division; unanimous; as, the delegation is solid for a candidate.
Solid	A substance that is held in a fixed form by cohesion among its particles; a substance not fluid.
Solid	A magnitude which has length, breadth, and thickness; a part of space bounded on all sides.
Solidago	A genus of yellow-flowered composite perennial herbs; golden-rod.
Solidare	A small piece of money.
Solidarity	An entire union or consolidation of interests and responsibilities; fellowship; community.
Solidary	Having community of interests and responsibilities.
Solidate	To make solid or firm.
Solidifiable	Capable of being solidified.
Solidification	Act of solidifying, or state of being solidified.
Solidified	of Solidify
Solidifying	of Solidify
Solidify	To make solid or compact.
Solidify	To become solid; to harden.
Solidism	The doctrine that refers all diseases to morbid changes of the solid parts of the body. It rests on the view that the solids alone are endowed with vital properties, and can receive the impression of agents tending to produce disease.
Solidist	An advocate of, or believer in, solidism.
Solidity	The state or quality of being solid; density; consistency, -- opposed to fluidity; compactness; fullness of matter, -- opposed to openness or hollowness; strength; soundness, -- opposed to weakness or instability; the primary quality or affection of matter by which its particles exclude or resist all others; hardness; massiveness.
Solidity	Moral firmness; soundness; strength; validity; truth; certainty; -- as opposed to weakness or fallaciousness; as, the solidity of arguments or reasoning; the solidity of principles, triuths, or opinions.
Solidity	The solid contents of a body; volume; amount of inclosed space.
Solidly	In a solid manner; densely; compactly; firmly; truly.
Solidness	State or quality of being solid; firmness; compactness; solidity, as of material bodies.
Solidness	Soundness; strength; truth; validity, as of arguments, reasons, principles, and the like.
Solidungula	A tribe of ungulates which includes the horse, ass, and related species, constituting the family Equidae.
Solidungular	Solipedous.
Solidungulate	Same as Soliped.
Solidungulous	Solipedous.
Solifidian	One who maintains that faith alone, without works, is sufficient for justification; -- opposed to nullifidian.
Solifidian	Holding the tenets of Solifidians; of or pertaining to the solifidians.
Solifidianism	The state of Solifidians.
Soliform	Like the sun in form, appearance, or nature; resembling the sun.
Solifugae	A division of arachnids having large, powerful fangs and a segmented abdomen; -- called also Solpugidea, and Solpugides.
Soliloquized	of Soliloquize
Soliloquizing	of Soliloquize
Soliloquize	To utter a soliloquy; to talk to one's self.
Soliloquies	of Soliloquy
Soliloquy	The act of talking to one's self; a discourse made by one in solitude to one's self; monologue.
Soliloquy	A written composition, reciting what it is supposed a person says to himself.
Soliped	A mammal having a single hoof on each foot, as the horses and asses; a solidungulate.
Solipedous	Having single hoofs.
Solipsism	Egotism.
Solipsism	Egoism.
Solisequious	Following the course of the sun; as, solisequious plants.
Solitaire	A person who lives in solitude; a recluse; a hermit.
Solitaire	A single diamond in a setting; also, sometimes, a precious stone of any kind set alone.
Solitaire	A game which one person can play alone; -- applied to many games of cards, etc.; also, to a game played on a board with pegs or balls, in which the object is, beginning with all the places filled except one, to remove all but one of the pieces by "jumping," as in draughts.
Solitaire	A large extinct bird (Pezophaps solitaria) which formerly inhabited the islands of Mauritius and Rodrigeuz. It was larger and taller than the wild turkey. Its wings were too small for flight. Called also solitary.
Solitaire	Any species of American thrushlike birds of the genus Myadestes. They are noted their sweet songs and retiring habits. Called also fly-catching thrush. A West Indian species (Myadestes sibilans) is called the invisible bird.
Solitarian	A hermit; a solitary.
Soliitariety	The state of being solitary; solitariness.
Solitarily	In a solitary manner; in solitude; alone.
Solitariness	Condition of being solitary.
Solitary	Living or being by one's self; having no companion present; being without associates; single; alone; lonely.
Solitary	Performed, passed, or endured alone; as, a solitary journey; a solitary life.
Solitary	ot much visited or frequented remote from society; retired; lonely; as, a solitary residence or place.
Solitary	Not inhabited or occupied; without signs of inhabitants or occupation; desolate; deserted; silent; still; hence, gloomy; dismal; as, the solitary desert.
Solitary	Single; individual; sole; as, a solitary instance of vengeance; a solitary example.
Solitary	Not associated with others of the same kind.
Solitary	One who lives alone, or in solitude; an anchoret; a hermit; a recluse.
Solitude	state of being alone, or withdrawn from society; a lonely life; loneliness.
Solitude	Remoteness from society; destitution of company; seclusion; -- said of places; as, the solitude of a wood.
Solitude	solitary or lonely place; a desert or wilderness.
Solivagant	Wandering alone.
Solivagous	Solivagant.
Sollar	See Solar, n.
Sollar	A platform in a shaft, especially one of those between the series of ladders in a shaft.
Sollar	To cover, or provide with, a sollar.
Sollein	Sullen; sad.
Solleret	A flexible steel shoe (or one of the plates forming such a shoe), worn with mediaeval armor.
Solmization	The act of sol-faing.
Solos	of Solo
Soli	of Solo
Solo	A tune, air, strain, or a whole piece, played by a single person on an instrument, or sung by a single voice.
Soloist	One who sings or plays a solo.
Solomon	One of the kings of Israel, noted for his superior wisdom and magnificent reign; hence, a very wise man.
Solon	A celebrated Athenian lawmaker, born about 638 b. c.; hence, a legislator; a publicist; -- often used ironically.
Solpugid	Of or pertaining to the Solifugae.
Solpugid	One of the Solifugae.
Solpugidea	Same as Solifugae.
Solstice	A stopping or standing still of the sun.
Solstice	The point in the ecliptic at which the sun is farthest from the equator, north or south, namely, the first point of the sign Cancer and the first point of the sign Capricorn, the former being the summer solstice, latter the winter solstice, in northern latitudes; -- so called because the sun then apparently stands still in its northward or southward motion.
Solstice	The time of the sun's passing the solstices, or solstitial points, namely, about June 21 and December 21. See Illust. in Appendix.
Solstitial	Of or pertaining to a solstice.
Solstitial	Happening at a solstice; esp. (with reference to the northern hemisphere), happening at the summer solstice, or midsummer.
Solubility	The quality, condition, or degree of being soluble or solvable; as, the solubility of a salt; the solubility of a problem or intricate difficulty.
Solubility	The tendency to separate readily into parts by spurious articulations, as the pods of tick trefoil.
Soluble	Susceptible of being dissolved in a fluid; capable of solution; as, some substances are soluble in alcohol which are not soluble in water.
Soluble	Susceptible of being solved; as, a soluble algebraic problem; susceptible of being disentangled, unraveled, or explained; as, the mystery is perhaps soluble.
Soluble	Relaxed; open or readily opened.
Solubleness	Quality or state of being soluble.
Solus	Alt. of Sola
Sola	Alone; -- chiefly used in stage directions, and the like.
Solute	Loose; free; liberal; as, a solute interpretation.
Solute	Relaxed; hence; merry; cheerful.
Solute	Soluble; as, a solute salt.
Solute	Not adhering; loose; -- opposed to adnate; as, a solute stipule.
Solute	To dissolve; to resolve.
Solute	To absolve; as, to solute sin.
Solution	The act of separating the parts of any body, or the condition of undergoing a separation of parts; disruption; breach.
Solution	The act of solving, or the state of being solved; the disentanglement of any intricate problem or difficult question; explanation; clearing up; -- used especially in mathematics, either of the process of solving an equation or problem, or the result of the process.
Solution	The state of being dissolved or disintegrated; resolution; disintegration.
Solution	The act or process by which a body (whether solid, liquid, or gaseous) is absorbed into a liquid, and, remaining or becoming fluid, is diffused throughout the solvent; also, the product reulting from such absorption.
Solution	release; deliverance; discharge.
Solution	The termination of a disease; resolution.
Solution	A crisis.
Solution	A liquid medicine or preparation (usually aqueous) in which the solid ingredients are wholly soluble.
Solutive	Tending to dissolve; loosening; laxative.
Solvability	The quality or state of being solvable; as, the solvability of a difficulty; the solvability of a problem.
Solvability	The condition of being solvent; ability to pay all just debts; solvency; as, the solvability of a merchant.
Solvable	Susceptible of being solved, resolved, or explained; admitting of solution.
Solvable	Capable of being paid and discharged; as, solvable obligations.
Solvable	Able to pay one's debts; solvent.
Solvableness	Quality of being solvable.
Solved	of Solve
Solving	of Solve
Solve	To explain; to resolve; to unfold; to clear up (what is obscure or difficult to be understood); to work out to a result or conclusion; as, to solve a doubt; to solve difficulties; to solve a problem.
Solve	A solution; an explanation.
Solvency	The quality or state of being solvent.
Solvend	A substance to be dissolved.
Solvent	Having the power of dissolving; dissolving; as, a solvent fluid.
Solvent	Able or sufficient to pay all just debts; as, a solvent merchant; the estate is solvent.
Solvent	A substance (usually liquid) suitable for, or employed in, solution, or in dissolving something; as, water is the appropriate solvent of most salts, alcohol of resins, ether of fats, and mercury or acids of metals, etc.
Solvent	That which resolves; as, a solvent of mystery.
Solver	One who, or that which, solves.
Solvible	See Solvable.
Soly	Solely.
Soma	The whole axial portion of an animal, including the head, neck, trunk, and tail.
Somaj	Alt. of Samaj
Samaj	A society; a congregation; a worshiping assembly, or church, esp. of the Brahmo-somaj.
Somali	Alt. of Somal
Somal	A Hamitic people of East Central Africa.
Somatic	Of or pertaining to the body as a whole; corporeal; as, somatic death; somatic changes.
Somatic	Of or pertaining to the wall of the body; somatopleuric; parietal; as, the somatic stalk of the yolk sac of an embryo.
Somatical	Somatic.
Somatics	The science which treats of the general properties of matter; somatology.
Somatist	One who admits the existence of material beings only; a materialist.
Somatocyst	A cavity in the primary nectocalyx of certain Siphonophora. See Illust. under Nectocalyx.
Somatology	The doctrine or the science of the general properties of material substances; somatics.
Somatology	A treatise on the human body; anatomy.
Somatome	See Somite.
Somatopleure	The outer, or parietal, one of the two lamellae into which the vertebrate blastoderm divides on either side of the notochord, and from which the walls of the body and the amnion are developed. See Splanchnopleure.
Somatopleuric	Of or pertaining to the somatopleure.
Somatotropism	A directive influence exercised by a mass of matter upon growing organs.
Somber	Alt. of Sombre
Sombre	Dull; dusky; somewhat dark; gloomy; as, a somber forest; a somber house.
Sombre	Melancholy; sad; grave; depressing; as, a somber person; somber reflections.
Somber	Alt. of Sombre
Sombre	To make somber, or dark; to make shady.
Somber	Alt. of Sombre
Sombre	Gloom; obscurity; duskiness; somberness.
Somberly	Alt. of Sombrely
Sombrely	In a somber manner; sombrously; gloomily; despondingly.
Somberness	Alt. of Sombreness
Sombreness	The quality or state of being somber; gloominess.
Sombrero	A kind of broad-brimmed hat, worn in Spain and in Spanish America.
Sombrous	Gloomy; somber.
-some	A combining form or suffix from Gr. sw^ma (gen. sw`matos) the body; as in merosome, a body segment; cephalosome, etc.
-some	An adjective suffix having primarily the sense of like or same, and indicating a considerable degree of the thing or quality denoted in the first part of the compound; as in mettlesome, full of mettle or spirit; gladsome, full of gladness; winsome, blithesome, etc.
Some	Consisting of a greater or less portion or sum; composed of a quantity or number which is not stated; -- used to express an indefinite quantity or number; as, some wine; some water; some persons.  Used also pronominally; as, I have some.
Some	A certain; one; -- indicating a person, thing, event, etc., as not known individually, or designated more specifically; as, some man, that is, some one man.
Some	Not much; a little; moderate; as, the censure was to some extent just.
Some	About; near; more or less; -- used commonly with numerals, but formerly also with a singular substantive of time or distance; as, a village of some eighty houses; some two or three persons; some hour hence.
Some	Considerable in number or quality.
Some	Certain; those of one part or portion; -- in distinct from other or others; as, some men believe one thing, and others another.
Some	A part; a portion; -- used pronominally, and followed sometimes by of; as, some of our provisions.
Somebody	A person unknown or uncertain; a person indeterminate; some person.
Somebody	A person of consideration or importance.
Somedeal	In some degree; somewhat.
Somehow	In one way or another; in some way not yet known or designated; by some means; as, the thing must be done somehow; he lives somehow.
Somersault	Alt. of Somerset
Somerset	A leap in which a person turns his heels over his head and lights upon his feet; a turning end over end.
Something	Anything unknown, undetermined, or not specifically designated; a certain indefinite thing; an indeterminate or unknown event; an unspecified task, work, or thing.
Something	A part; a portion, more or less; an indefinite quantity or degree; a little.
Something	A person or thing importance.
Something	In some degree; somewhat; to some extent; at some distance.
Sometime	At a past time indefinitely referred to; once; formerly.
Sometime	At a time undefined; once in a while; now and then; sometimes.
Sometime	At one time or other hereafter; as, I will do it sometime.
Sometime	Having been formerly; former; late; whilom.
Sometimes	Formerly; sometime.
Sometimes	At times; at intervals; now and then;occasionally.
Sometimes	Former; sometime.
Somewhat	More or less; a certain quantity or degree; a part, more or less; something.
Somewhat	A person or thing of importance; a somebody.
Somewhat	In some degree or measure; a little.
Somewhen	At some indefinite time.
Somewhere	In some place unknown or not specified; in one place or another.
Somewhile	Once; for a time.
Somewhither	To some indeterminate place; to some place or other.
Somite	One of the actual or ideal serial segments of which an animal, esp. an articulate or vertebrate, is is composed; somatome; metamere.
Sommeil	Slumber; sleep.
Sommerset	See Somersault.
Somnambular	Of or pertaining to somnambulism; somnambulistic.
Somnambulate	To walk when /sleep.
Somnambulation	The act of walking in sleep.
Somnambulator	A somnambulist.
Somnambule	A somnambulist.
Somnambulic	Somnambulistic.
Somnambulism	A condition of the nervous system in which an individual during sleep performs actions approppriate to the waking state; a state of sleep in which some of the senses and voluntary powers are partially awake; noctambulism.
Somnambulist	A person who is subject to somnambulism; one who walks in his sleep; a sleepwalker; a noctambulist.
Somnambulistic	Of or pertaining to a somnambulist or somnambulism; affected by somnambulism; appropriate to the state of a somnambulist.
Somne	To summon.
Somner	A summoner; esp., one who summons to an ecclesiastical court.
Somnial	Of or pertaining to sleep or dreams.
Somniative	Somnial; somniatory.
Somniatory	Pertaining to sleep or dreams; somnial.
Somniculous	Inclined to sleep; drowsy; sleepy.
Somniferous	Causing or inducing sleep; soporific; dormitive; as, a somniferous potion.
Somnific	Causing sleep; somniferous.
Somnifugous	Driving away sleep.
Somniloquence	The act of talking in one's sleep; somniloquism.
Somniloquism	The act or habit of talking in one's sleep; somniloquy.
Somniloquist	One who talks in his sleep.
Somniloquous	Apt to talk in sleep.
Somniloquy	A talking in sleep; the talking of one in a state of somnipathy.
Somnipathist	A person in a state of somniapathy.
Somnipathy	Sleep from sympathy, or produced by mesmerism or the like.
Somnolence	Alt. of Somnolency
Somnolency	Sleepiness; drowsiness; inclination to sleep.
Somnolent	Sleepy; drowsy; inclined to sleep.
Somnolism	The somnolent state induced by animal magnetism.
Somnopathy	Somnipathy.
Somnour	A summoner; an apparitor; a sompnour.
Somonaunce	Alt. of Somonce
Somonce	A summons; a citation.
Sommonour	A summoner.
Sompne	To summon; to cite.
Sompnour	A summoner.
Son	A male child; the male issue, or offspring, of a parent, father or mother.
Son	A male descendant, however distant; hence, in the plural, descendants in general.
Son	Any young male person spoken of as a child; an adopted male child; a pupil, ward, or any other male dependent.
Son	A native or inhabitant of some specified place; as, sons of Albion; sons of New England.
Son	The produce of anything.
Son	Jesus Christ, the Savior; -- called the Son of God, and the Son of man.
Sonance	A sound; a tune; as, to sound the tucket sonance.
Sonance	The quality or state of being sonant.
Sonant	Of or pertaining to sound; sounding.
Sonant	Uttered, as an element of speech, with tone or proper vocal sound, as distinguished from mere breath sound; intonated; voiced; tonic; the opposite of nonvocal, or surd; -- sid of the vowels, semivowels, liquids, and nasals, and particularly of the consonants b, d, g hard, v, etc., as compared with their cognates p, t, k, f, etc., which are called nonvocal, surd, or aspirate.
Sonant	A sonant letter.
Sonata	An extended composition for one or two instruments, consisting usually of three or four movements; as, Beethoven's sonatas for the piano, for the violin and piano, etc.
Sonatina	A short and simple sonata.
Soncy	Alt. of Sonsy
Sonsy	Lucky; fortunate; thriving; plump.
Sond	Alt. of Sonde
Sonde	That which is sent; a message or messenger; hence, also, a visitation of providence; an affliction or trial.
Sondeli	The musk shrew. See under Musk.
Song	That which is sung or uttered with musical modulations of the voice, whether of a human being or of a bird, insect, etc.
Song	A lyrical poem adapted to vocal music; a ballad.
Song	More generally, any poetical strain; a poem.
Song	Poetical composition; poetry; verse.
Song	An object of derision; a laughingstock.
Song	A trifle.
Songcraft	The art of making songs or verse; metrical composition; versification.
Songful	Disposed to sing; full of song.
Songish	Consisting of songs.
Songless	Destitute of the power of song; without song; as, songless birds; songless woods.
Songster	One who sings; one skilled in singing; -- not often applied to human beings.
Songster	A singing bird.
Songstress	A woman who sings; a female singing bird.
Sonifer	A kind of ear trumpet for the deaf, or the partially deaf.
Soniferous	Sounding; producing sound; conveying sound.
Sonification	The act of producing sound, as the stridulation of insects.
Sons-in-law	of Son-in-law
Son-in-law	The husband of one's daughter; a man in his relationship to his wife's parents.
Sonless	Being without a son.
Sonnet	A short poem, -- usually amatory.
Sonnet	A poem of fourteen lines, -- two stanzas, called the octave, being of four verses each, and two stanzas, called the sestet, of three verses each, the rhymes being adjusted by a particular rule.
Sonnet	To compose sonnets.
Sonneteer	A composer of sonnets, or small poems; a small poet; -- usually in contempt.
Sonneteer	To compose sonnets.
Sonneter	A composer of sonnets.
Sonnetist	A sonneter, or sonneteer.
Sonnetize	To compose sonnets.
Sonnish	Like the sun; sunny; golden.
Sonnite	See Sunnite.
Sonometer	An instrument for exhibiting the transverse vibrations of cords, and ascertaining the relations between musical notes. It consists of a cord stretched by weight along a box, and divided into different lengths at pleasure by a bridge, the place of which is determined by a scale on the face of the box.
Sonometer	An instrument for testing the hearing capacity.
Sonorific	Producing sound; as, the sonorific quality of a body.
Sonority	The quality or state of being sonorous; sonorousness.
Sonorous	Giving sound when struck; resonant; as, sonorous metals.
Sonorous	Loud-sounding; giving a clear or loud sound; as, a sonorous voice.
Sonorous	Yielding sound; characterized by sound; vocal; sonant; as, the vowels are sonorous.
Sonorous	Impressive in sound; high-sounding.
Sonorous	Sonant; vibrant; hence, of sounds produced in a cavity, deep-toned; as, sonorous rhonchi.
Sonship	The state of being a son, or of bearing the relation of a son; filiation.
Sonsy	See Soncy.
Sontag	A knitted worsted jacket, worn over the waist of a woman's dress.
Sonties	Probably from "saintes" saints, or from sanctities; -- used as an oath.
Soochong	Same as Souchong.
Soodra	Same as Sudra.
Soofee	Alt. of Soofeeism
Soofeeism	Same as Sufi, Sufism.
Soojee	Same as Suji.
Soon	In a short time; shortly after any time specified or supposed; as, soon after sunrise.
Soon	Without the usual delay; before any time supposed; early.
Soon	Promptly; quickly; easily.
Soon	Readily; willingly; -- in this sense used with would, or some other word expressing will.
Soon	Speedy; quick.
Soonee	See Sunnite.
Soonly	Soon.
Soord	Skin of bacon.
Soorma	A preparation of antimony with which Mohammedan men anoint their eyelids.
Sooshong	See Souchong.
Soosoo	A kind of dolphin (Platanista Gangeticus) native of the river Ganges; the Gangetic dolphin. It has a long, slender, somewhat spatulate beak.
Soot	A black substance formed by combustion, or disengaged from fuel in the process of combustion, which rises in fine particles, and adheres to the sides of the chimney or pipe conveying the smoke; strictly, the fine powder, consisting chiefly of carbon, which colors smoke, and which is the result of imperfect combustion. See Smoke.
Sooted	of Soot
Sooting	of Soot
Soot	To cover or dress with soot; to smut with, or as with, soot; as, to soot land.
Soot	Alt. of Soote
Soote	Sweet.
Sooterkin	A kind of false birth, fabled to be produced by Dutch women from sitting over their stoves; also, an abortion, in a figurative sense; an abortive scheme.
Sooth	True; faithful; trustworthy.
Sooth	Pleasing; delightful; sweet.
Sooth	Truth; reality.
Sooth	Augury; prognostication.
Sooth	Blandishment; cajolery.
Soothed	of Soothe
Soothing	of Soothe
Soothe	To assent to as true.
Soothe	To assent to; to comply with; to gratify; to humor by compliance; to please with blandishments or soft words; to flatter.
Soothe	To assuage; to mollify; to calm; to comfort; as, to soothe a crying child; to soothe one's sorrows.
Soother	One who, or that which, soothes.
Soothfast	Firmly fixed in, or founded upon, the thruth; true; genuine; real; also, truthful; faithful.
Soothfast	Soothly; really; in fact.
Soothing	a. & n. from Soothe, v.
Soothingly	In a soothing manner.
Soothly	In truth; truly; really; verily.
Soothness	Truth; reality.
Soothsay	To foretell; to predict.
Soothsay	A true saying; a proverb; a prophecy.
Soothsay	Omen; portent. Having
Soothsayer	One who foretells events by the art of soothsaying; a prognosticator.
Soothsayer	A mantis.
Soothsaying	A true saying; truth.
Soothsaying	The act of one who soothsays; the foretelling of events; the art or practice of making predictions.
Soothsaying	A prediction; a prophecy; a prognostication.
Sootiness	The quality or state of being sooty; fuliginousness.
Sootish	Sooty.
Sooty	Of or pertaining to soot; producing soot; soiled by soot.
Sooty	Having a dark brown or black color like soot; fuliginous; dusky; dark.
Sooty	To black or foul with soot.
Sop	Anything steeped, or dipped and softened, in any liquid; especially, something dipped in broth or liquid food, and intended to be eaten.
Sop	Anything given to pacify; -- so called from the sop given to Cerberus, as related in mythology.
Sop	A thing of little or no value.
Sopped	of Sop
Sopping	of Sop
Sop	To steep or dip in any liquid.
Sope	See Soap.
Soph	A contraction of Soph ister.
Soph	A contraction of Sophomore.
Sophis	of Sophi
Sophi	See Sufi.
Sophic	Alt. of Sophical
Sophical	Teaching wisdom.
Sophime	Sophism.
Sophism	The doctrine or mode of reasoning practiced by a sophist; hence, any fallacy designed to deceive.
Sophist	One of a class of men who taught eloquence, philosophy, and politics in ancient Greece; especially, one of those who, by their fallacious but plausible reasoning, puzzled inquirers after truth, weakened the faith of the people, and drew upon themselves general hatred and contempt.
Sophist	Hence, an impostor in argument; a captious or fallacious reasoner.
Sophister	A sophist. See Sophist.
Sophister	A student who is advanced beyond the first year of his residence.
Sophister	To maintain by sophistry, or by a fallacious argument.
Sophistic	Alt. of Sophistical
Sophistical	Of or pertaining to a sophist; embodying sophistry; fallaciously subtile; not sound.
Sophisticated	of Sophisticate
Sophisticating	of Sophisticate
Sophisticate	To render worthless by admixture; to adulterate; to damage; to pervert; as, to sophisticate wine.
Sophisticate	Alt. of Sophisticated
Sophisticated	Adulterated; not pure; not genuine.
Sophistication	The act of sophisticating; adulteration; as, the sophistication of drugs.
Sophisticator	One who sophisticates.
Sophistry	The art or process of reasoning; logic.
Sophistry	The practice of a sophist; fallacious reasoning; reasoning sound in appearance only.
Sophomore	One belonging to the second of the four classes in an American college, or one next above a freshman.
Sophomoric	Alt. of Sophomorical
Sophomorical	Of or pertaining to a sophomore; resembling a sophomore; hence, pretentious; inflated in style or manner; as, sophomoric affectation.
Sophora	A genus of leguminous plants.
Sophora	A tree (Sophora Japonica) of Eastern Asia, resembling the common locust; occasionally planted in the United States.
Sophta	See Softa.
Sopite	To lay asleep; to put to sleep; to quiet.
Sopition	The act of putting to sleep, or the state of being put to sleep; sleep.
Sopor	Profound sleep from which a person can be roused only with difficulty.
Soporate	To lay or put to sleep; to stupefy.
Soporiferous	Causing sleep; somniferous; soporific.
Soporific	Causing sleep; tending to cause sleep; soporiferous; as, the soporific virtues of opium.
Soporific	A medicine, drug, plant, or other agent that has the quality of inducing sleep; a narcotic.
Soporose	Alt. of Soporous
Soporous	Causing sleep; sleepy.
Sopper	One who sops.
Soppy	Soaked or saturated with liquid or moisture; very wet or sloppy.
Sopra	Above; before; over; upon.
Sopranist	A treble singer.
Sopranos	of Soprano
Soprani	of Soprano
Soprano	The treble; the highest vocal register; the highest kind of female or boy's voice; the upper part in harmony for mixed voices.
Soprano	A singer, commonly a woman, with a treble voice.
Sopsavine	See Sops of wine, under Sop.
Sora	A North American rail (Porzana Carolina) common in the Eastern United States. Its back is golden brown, varied with black and white, the front of the head and throat black, the breast and sides of the head and neck slate-colored. Called also American rail, Carolina rail, Carolina crake, common rail, sora rail, soree, meadow chicken, and orto.
Sorance	Soreness.
Sorb	The wild service tree (Pyrus torminalis) of Europe; also, the rowan tree.
Sorb	The fruit of these trees.
Sorbate	A salt of sorbic acid.
Sorbefacient	Producing absorption.
Sorbefacient	A medicine or substance which produces absorption.
Sorbent	An absorbent.
Sorbet	A kind of beverage; sherbet.
Sorbic	Pertaining to, or obtained from, the rowan tree, or sorb; specifically, designating an acid, C/H/CO/H, of the acetylene series, found in the unripe berries of this tree, and extracted as a white crystalline substance.
Sorbile	Fit to be drunk or sipped.
Sorbin	An unfermentable sugar, isomeric with glucose, found in the ripe berries of the rowan tree, or sorb, and extracted as a sweet white crystalline substance; -- called also mountain-ash sugar.
Sorbite	A sugarlike substance, isomeric with mannite and dulcite, found with sorbin in the ripe berries of the sorb, and extracted as a sirup or a white crystalline substance.
Sorbition	The act of drinking or sipping.
Sorbonical	Belonging to the Sorbonne or to a Sorbonist.
Sorbonist	A doctor of the Sorbonne, or theological college, in the University of Paris, founded by Robert de Sorbon, a. d. 1252.  It was suppressed in the Revolution of 1789.
Sorcerer	A conjurer; an enchanter; a magician.
Sorceress	A female sorcerer.
Sorcering	Act or practice of using sorcery.
Sorcerous	Of or pertaining to sorcery.
Sorceries	of Sorcery
Sorcery	Divination by the assistance, or supposed assistance, of evil spirits, or the power of commanding evil spirits; magic; necromancy; witchcraft; enchantment.
Sord	See Sward.
Sordes	Foul matter; excretion; dregs; filthy, useless, or rejected matter of any kind; specifically (Med.), the foul matter that collects on the teeth and tongue in low fevers and other conditions attended with great vital depression.
Sordet	A sordine.
Sordid	Filthy; foul; dirty.
Sordid	Vile; base; gross; mean; as, vulgar, sordid mortals.
Sordid	Meanly avaricious; covetous; niggardly.
Sordidly	Sordidness.
Sordidly	In a sordid manner.
Sordidness	The quality or state of being sordid.
Sordine	See Damper, and 5th Mute.
Sore	Reddish brown; sorrel.
Sore	A young hawk or falcon in the first year.
Sore	A young buck in the fourth year. See the Note under Buck.
Sore	Tender to the touch; susceptible of pain from pressure; inflamed; painful; -- said of the body or its parts; as, a sore hand.
Sore	Fig.: Sensitive; tender; easily pained, grieved, or vexed; very susceptible of irritation.
Sore	Severe; afflictive; distressing; as, a sore disease; sore evil or calamity.
Sore	Criminal; wrong; evil.
Sore	A place in an animal body where the skin and flesh are ruptured or bruised, so as to be tender or painful; a painful or diseased place, such as an ulcer or a boil.
Sore	Fig.: Grief; affliction; trouble; difficulty.
Sore	In a sore manner; with pain; grievously.
Sore	Greatly; violently; deeply.
Soredia	pl. of Soredium.
Sorediate	Sorediiferous.
Sordiferous	Alt. of Sorediiferous
Sorediiferous	Bearing soredia; sorediate.
Soredia	of Soredium
Soredium	A patch of granular bodies on the surface of the thallus of lichens.
Soree	Same as Sora.
Sorehead	One who is disgruntled by a failure in politics, or the like.
Sorehon	Formerly, in Ireland, a kind of servile tenure which subjected the tenant to maintain his chieftain gratuitously whenever he wished to indulge in a revel.
Sorel	A young buck in the third year. See the Note under Buck.
Sorel	A yellowish or reddish brown color; sorrel.
Sorely	In a sore manner; grievously; painfully; as, to be sorely afflicted.
Sorema	A heap of carpels belonging to one flower.
Soreness	The quality or state of being sore; tenderness; painfull; as, the soreness of a wound; the soreness of an affliction.
Sorex	A genus of small Insectivora, including the common shrews.
Sorgne	The three-beared rocking, or whistlefish.
Sorghum	A genus of grasses, properly limited to two species, Sorghum Halepense, the Arabian millet, or Johnson grass (see Johnson grass), and S. vulgare, the Indian millet (see Indian millet, under Indian).
Sorghum	A variety of Sorghum vulgare, grown for its saccharine juice; the Chinese sugar cane.
Sorgo	Indian millet and its varieties. See Sorghum.
Sori	pl. of Sorus.
Soricine	Of or pertaining to the Shrew family (Soricidae); like a shrew in form or habits; as, the soricine bat (Glossophaga soricina).
Sorites	An abridged form of stating of syllogisms in a series of propositions so arranged that the predicate of each one that precedes forms the subject of each one that follows, and the conclusion unites the subject of the first proposition with the predicate of the last proposition
Soritical	Of or pertaining to a sorites; resembling a sorites.
Sorn	To obtrude one's self on another for bed and board.
Sorner	One who obtrudes himself on another for bed and board.
Sororal	Relating to a sister; sisterly.
Sororicide	The murder of one's sister; also, one who murders or kills one's own sister.
Sororize	To associate, or hold fellowship, as sisters; to have sisterly feelings; -- analogous to fraternize.
Sorosis	A woman's club; an association of women.
Sorosis	A fleshy fruit formed by the consolidation of many flowers with their receptacles, ovaries, etc., as the breadfruit, mulberry, and pineapple.
Sorrage	The blades of green or barley.
Sorrance	Same as Sorance.
Sorrel	Of a yellowish or redish brown color; as, a sorrel horse.
Sorrel	A yellowish or redish brown color.
Sorrel	One of various plants having a sour juice; especially, a plant of the genus Rumex, as Rumex Acetosa, Rumex Acetosella, etc.
Sorrento work	Ornamental work, mostly carved in olivewood, decorated with inlay, made at or near Sorrento, Italy. Hence, more rarely, jig-saw work and the like done anywhere.
Sorrily	In a sorry manner; poorly.
Sorriness	The quality or state of being sorry.
Sorrow	The uneasiness or pain of mind which is produced by the loss of any good, real or supposed, or by diseappointment in the expectation of good; grief at having suffered or occasioned evil; regret; unhappiness; sadness.
Sorrowed	of Sorrow
Sorrowing	of Sorrow
Sorrow	To feel pain of mind in consequence of evil experienced, feared, or done; to grieve; to be sad; to be sorry.
Sorrowed	Accompanied with sorrow; sorrowful.
Sorrowful	Full of sorrow; exhibiting sorrow; sad; dejected; distressed.
Sorrowful	Producing sorrow; exciting grief; mournful; lamentable; grievous; as, a sorrowful accident.
Sorrowless	Free from sorrow.
Sorry	Grieved for the loss of some good; pained for some evil; feeling regret; -- now generally used to express light grief or affliction, but formerly often used to express deeper feeling.
Sorry	Melancholy; dismal; gloomy; mournful.
Sorry	Poor; mean; worthless; as, a sorry excuse.
Sortes	of Sors
Sors	A lot; also, a kind of divination by means of lots.
Sort	Chance; lot; destiny.
Sort	A kind or species; any number or collection of individual persons or things characterized by the same or like qualities; a class or order; as, a sort of men; a sort of horses; a sort of trees; a sort of poems.
Sort	Manner; form of being or acting.
Sort	Condition above the vulgar; rank.
Sort	A chance group; a company of persons who happen to be together; a troop; also, an assemblage of animals.
Sort	A pair; a set; a suit.
Sort	Letters, figures, points, marks, spaces, or quadrats, belonging to a case, separately considered.
Sorted	of Sort
Sorting	of Sort
Sort	To separate, and place in distinct classes or divisions, as things having different qualities; as, to sort cloths according to their colors; to sort wool or thread according to its fineness.
Sort	To reduce to order from a confused state.
Sort	To conjoin; to put together in distribution; to class.
Sort	To choose from a number; to select; to cull.
Sort	To conform; to adapt; to accommodate.
Sort	To join or associate with others, esp. with others of the same kind or species; to agree.
Sort	To suit; to fit; to be in accord; to harmonize.
Sortable	Capable of being sorted.
Sortable	Suitable; befitting; proper.
Sortably	Suitable.
Sortal	Pertaining to a sort.
Sortance	Suitableness; agreement.
Sorter	One who, or that which, sorts.
Sortes	pl. of Sors.
Sortie	The sudden issuing of a body of troops, usually small, from a besieged place to attack or harass the besiegers; a sally.
Sortilege	The act or practice of drawing lots; divination by drawing lots.
Sortilegious	Pertaining to sortilege.
Sortilegy	Sortilege.
Sortition	Selection or appointment by lot.
Sortment	Assortiment.
Sori	of Sorus
Sorus	One of the fruit dots, or small clusters of sporangia, on the back of the fronds of ferns.
Sorwe	Sorrow.
Sorweful	Sorrowful.
Sory	Green vitriol, or some earth imregnated with it.
So-so	Neither very good nor very bad; middling; passable; tolerable; indifferent.
So-so	Tolerably; passably.
Soss	To fall at once into a chair or seat; to sit lazily.
Soss	To throw in a negligent or careless manner; to toss.
Soss	A lazy fellow.
Soss	A heavy fall.
Soss	Anything dirty or muddy; a dirty puddle.
Sostenuto	Sustained; -- applied to a movement or passage the sounds of which are to sustained to the utmost of the nominal value of the time; also, to a passage the tones of which are to be somewhat prolonged or protacted.
Sot	A stupid person; a blockhead; a dull fellow; a dolt.
Sot	A person stupefied by excessive drinking; an habitual drunkard.
Sot	Sottish; foolish; stupid; dull.
Sot	To stupefy; to infatuate; to besot.
Sot	To tipple to stupidity.
Sotadean	Sotadic.
Sotadic	Pertaining to, or resembling, the lascivious compositions of the Greek poet Sotades.
Sotadic	A Sotadic verse or poem.
Sote	Sweet.
Sotel	Alt. of Sotil
Sotil	Subtile.
Soteriology	A discourse on health, or the science of promoting and preserving health.
Soteriology	The doctrine of salvation by Jesus Christ.
Sothe	Sooth.
Sothiac	Alt. of Sothic
Sothic	Of or pertaining to Sothis, the Egyptian name for the Dog Star; taking its name from the Dog Star; canicular.
Sotilte	Subtlety.
Sotted	a. & p. p. of Sot. Befooled; deluded; besotted.
Sottery	Folly.
Sottish	Like a sot; doltish; very foolish; drunken.
Sotto voce	With a restrained voice or moderate force; in an undertone.
Sotto voce	Spoken low or in an undertone.
Sous	of Sou
Sou	An old French copper coin, equivalent in value to, and now displaced by, the five-centime piece (/ of a franc), which is popularly called a sou.
Souari nut	The large edible nutlike seed of a tall tropical American tree (Caryocar nuciferum) of the same natural order with the tea plant; -- also called butternut.
Soubah	See Subah.
Soubahdar	See Subahdar.
Soubrette	A female servant or attendant; specifically, as a term of the theater, a lady's maid, in comedies, who acts the part of an intrigante; a meddlesome, mischievous female servant or young woman.
Soubriquet	See Sobriquet.
Souce	See 1st Souse.
Souce	See Souse.
Souchong	A kind of black tea of a fine quality.
Soudan	A sultan.
Souded	Alt. of Soudet
Soudet	United; consolidated; made firm; strengthened.
Souffle	A murmuring or blowing sound; as, the uterine souffle heard over the pregnant uterus.
Souffle	A side dish served hot from the oven at dinner, made of eggs, milk, and flour or other farinaceous substance, beaten till very light, and flavored with fruits, liquors, or essence.
Sough	A sow.
Sough	A small drain; an adit.
Sough	The sound produced by soughing; a hollow murmur or roaring.
Sough	Hence, a vague rumor or flying report.
Sough	A cant or whining mode of speaking, especially in preaching or praying.
Sough	To whistle or sigh, as the wind.
Sought	imp. & p. p. of Seek.
Souke	To suck.
Soul	Sole.
Soul	Sole.
Soul	To afford suitable sustenance.
Soul	The spiritual, rational, and immortal part in man; that part of man which enables him to think, and which renders him a subject of moral government; -- sometimes, in distinction from the higher nature, or spirit, of man, the so-called animal soul, that is, the seat of life, the sensitive affections and phantasy, exclusive of the voluntary and rational powers; -- sometimes, in distinction from the mind, the moral and emotional part of man's nature, the seat of feeling, in distinction from intellect; -- sometimes, the intellect only; the understanding; the seat of knowledge, as distinguished from feeling. In a more general sense, "an animating, separable, surviving entity, the vehicle of individual personal existence."
Soul	The seat of real life or vitality; the source of action; the animating or essential part.
Soul	The leader; the inspirer; the moving spirit; the heart; as, the soul of an enterprise; an able general is the soul of his army.
Soul	Energy; courage; spirit; fervor; affection, or any other noble manifestation of the heart or moral nature; inherent power or goodness.
Soul	A human being; a person; -- a familiar appellation, usually with a qualifying epithet; as, poor soul.
Soul	A pure or disembodied spirit.
Soul	To indue with a soul; to furnish with a soul or mind.
Souled	Furnished with a soul; possessing soul and feeling; -- used chiefly in composition; as, great-souled Hector.
Soulili	A long-tailed, crested Javan monkey (Semnopithecus mitratus). The head, the crest, and the upper surface of the tail, are black.
Soulless	Being without a soul, or without greatness or nobleness of mind; mean; spiritless.
Soullessly	In a soulless manner.
Soun	Sound.
Sound	The air bladder of a fish; as, cod sounds are an esteemed article of food.
Sound	A cuttlefish.
Sound	Whole; unbroken; unharmed; free from flaw, defect, or decay; perfect of the kind; as, sound timber; sound fruit; a sound tooth; a sound ship.
Sound	Healthy; not diseased; not being in a morbid state; -- said of body or mind; as, a sound body; a sound constitution; a sound understanding.
Sound	Firm; strong; safe.
Sound	Free from error; correct; right; honest; true; faithful; orthodox; -- said of persons; as, a sound lawyer; a sound thinker.
Sound	Founded in truth or right; supported by justice; not to be overthrown on refuted; not fallacious; as, sound argument or reasoning; a sound objection; sound doctrine; sound principles.
Sound	heavy; laid on with force; as, a sound beating.
Sound	Undisturbed; deep; profound; as, sound sleep.
Sound	Founded in law; legal; valid; not defective; as, a sound title to land.
Sound	Soundly.
Sound	A narrow passage of water, or a strait between the mainland and an island; also, a strait connecting two seas, or connecting a sea or lake with the ocean; as, the Sound between the Baltic and the german Ocean; Long Island Sound.
Sounded	of Sound
Sounding	of Sound
Sound	To measure the depth of; to fathom; especially, to ascertain the depth of by means of a line and plummet.
Sound	Fig.: To ascertain, or try to ascertain, the thoughts, motives, and purposes of (a person); to examine; to try; to test; to probe.
Sound	To explore, as the bladder or urethra, with a sound; to examine with a sound; also, to examine by auscultation or percussion; as, to sound a patient.
Sound	To ascertain the depth of water with a sounding line or other device.
Sound	Any elongated instrument or probe, usually metallic, by which cavities of the body are sounded or explored, especially the bladder for stone, or the urethra for a stricture.
Sound	The peceived object occasioned by the impulse or vibration of a material substance affecting the ear; a sensation or perception of the mind received through the ear, and produced by the impulse or vibration of the air or other medium with which the ear is in contact; the effect of an impression made on the organs of hearing by an impulse or vibration of the air caused by a collision of bodies, or by other means; noise; report; as, the sound of a drum; the sound of the human voice; a horrid sound; a charming sound; a sharp, high, or shrill sound.
Sound	The occasion of sound; the impulse or vibration which would occasion sound to a percipient if present with unimpaired; hence, the theory of vibrations in elastic media such cause sound; as, a treatise on sound.
Sound	Noise without signification; empty noise; noise and nothing else.
Sound	To make a noise; to utter a voice; to make an impulse of the air that shall strike the organs of hearing with a perceptible effect.
Sound	To be conveyed in sound; to be spread or published; to convey intelligence by sound.
Sound	To make or convey a certain impression, or to have a certain import, when heard; hence, to seem; to appear; as, this reproof sounds harsh; the story sounds like an invention.
Sound	To causse to make a noise; to play on; as, to sound a trumpet or a horn.
Sound	To cause to exit as a sound; as, to sound a note with the voice, or on an instrument.
Sound	To order, direct, indicate, or proclain by a sound, or sounds; to give a signal for by a certain sound; as, to sound a retreat; to sound a parley.
Sound	To celebrate or honor by sounds; to cause to be reported; to publish or proclaim; as, to sound the praises of fame of a great man or a great exploit.
Sound	To examine the condition of (anything) by causing the same to emit sounds and noting their character; as, to sound a piece of timber; to sound a vase; to sound the lungs of a patient.
Sound	To signify; to import; to denote.
Soundable	Capable of being sounded.
Soundage	Dues for soundings.
Sound-board	A sounding-board.
Sounder	One who, or that which; sounds; specifically, an instrument used in telegraphy in place of a register, the communications being read by sound.
Sounder	A herd of wild hogs.
Sounding	Making or emitting sound; hence, sonorous; as, sounding words.
Sounding	The act of one who, or that which, sounds (in any of the senses of the several verbs).
Sounding	measurement by sounding; also, the depth so ascertained.
Sounding	Any place or part of the ocean, or other water, where a sounding line will reach the bottom; -- usually in the plural.
Sounding	The sand, shells, or the like, that are brought up by the sounding lead when it has touched bottom.
Sounding-board	A thin board which propagates the sound in a piano, in a violin, and in some other musical instruments.
Sounding-board	A board or structure placed behind or over a pulpit or rostrum to give distinctness to a speaker's voice.
Sounding-board	See Sound boarding, under Sound, a noise.
Soundless	Not capable of being sounded or fathomed; unfathomable.
Soundless	Having no sound; noiseless; silent.
Soundly	In a sound manner.
Soundness	The quality or state of being sound; as, the soundness of timber, of fruit, of the teeth, etc.; the soundness of reasoning or argument; soundness of faith.
Soune	To sound.
Sounst	Soused. See Souse.
Soup	A liquid food of many kinds, usually made by boiling meat and vegetables, or either of them, in water, -- commonly seasoned or flavored; strong broth.
Soup	To sup or swallow.
Soup	To breathe out.
Soup	To sweep. See Sweep, and Swoop.
Soupe-maigre	Soup made chiefly from vegetables or fish with a little butter and a few condiments.
Souple	That part of a flail which strikes the grain.
Soupy	Resembling soup; souplike.
Sour	Having an acid or sharp, biting taste, like vinegar, and the juices of most unripe fruits; acid; tart.
Sour	Changed, as by keeping, so as to be acid, rancid, or musty, turned.
Sour	Disagreeable; unpleasant; hence; cross; crabbed; peevish; morose; as, a man of a sour temper; a sour reply.
Sour	Afflictive; painful.
Sour	Cold and unproductive; as, sour land; a sour marsh.
Sour	A sour or acid substance; whatever produces a painful effect.
Sour	To cause to become sour; to cause to turn from sweet to sour; as, exposure to the air sours many substances.
Sour	To make cold and unproductive, as soil.
Sour	To make unhappy, uneasy, or less agreeable.
Sour	To cause or permit to become harsh or unkindly.
Sour	To macerate, and render fit for plaster or mortar; as, to sour lime for business purposes.
Soured	of Sour
Souring	of Sour
Sour	To become sour; to turn from sweet to sour; as, milk soon sours in hot weather; a kind temper sometimes sours in adversity.
Source	The act of rising; a rise; an ascent.
Source	The rising from the ground, or beginning, of a stream of water or the like; a spring; a fountain.
Source	That from which anything comes forth, regarded as its cause or origin; the person from whom anything originates; first cause.
Sourcrout	See Sauerkraut.
Sourde	To have origin or source; to rise; to spring.
Souring	Any sour apple.
Sourish	Somewhat sour; moderately acid; as, sourish fruit; a sourish taste.
Sourkrout	Same as Sauerkraut.
Sourly	In a sour manner; with sourness.
Sourness	The quality or state of being sour.
Sours	Source. See Source.
Soursop	The large succulent and slightly acid fruit of a small tree (Anona muricata) of the West Indies; also, the tree itself. It is closely allied to the custard apple.
Sourwood	The sorrel tree.
Sous	Alt. of Souse
Souse	A corrupt form of Sou.
Souse	Pickle made with salt.
Souse	Something kept or steeped in pickle; esp., the pickled ears, feet, etc., of swine.
Souse	The ear; especially, a hog's ear.
Souse	The act of sousing; a plunging into water.
Soused	of Souse
Sousing	of Souse
Souse	To steep in pickle; to pickle.
Souse	To plunge or immerse in water or any liquid.
Souse	To drench, as by an immersion; to wet throughly.
Souse	To swoop or plunge, as a bird upon its prey; to fall suddenly; to rush with speed; to make a sudden attack.
Souse	To pounce upon.
Souse	The act of sousing, or swooping.
Souse	With a sudden swoop; violently.
Souslik	See Suslik.
Sout	Soot.
Soutache	A kind of narrow braid, usually of silk; -- also known as Russian braid.
Soutage	That in which anything is packed; bagging, as for hops.
Soutane	A close garnment with straight sleeves, and skirts reaching to the ankles, and buttoned in front from top to bottom; especially, the black garment of this shape worn by the clergy in France and Italy as their daily dress; a cassock.
Souter	A shoemaker; a cobbler.
Souterly	Of or pertaining to a cobbler or cobblers; like a cobbler; hence, vulgar; low.
Souterrain	A grotto or cavern under ground.
South	That one of the four cardinal points directly opposite to the north; the region or direction to the right or direction to the right of a person who faces the east.
South	A country, region, or place situated farther to the south than another; the southern section of a country.
South	Specifically: That part of the United States which is south of Mason and Dixon's line. See under Line.
South	The wind from the south.
South	Lying toward the south; situated at the south, or in a southern direction from the point of observation or reckoning; proceeding toward the south, or coming from the south; blowing from the south; southern; as, the south pole.
South	Toward the south; southward.
South	From the south; as, the wind blows south.
Southed	of South
Southing	of South
South	To turn or move toward the south; to veer toward the south.
South	To come to the meridian; to cross the north and south line; -- said chiefly of the moon; as, the moon souths at nine.
Southcottian	A follower of Joanna Southcott (1750-1814), an Englishwoman who, professing to have received a miraculous calling, preached and prophesied, and committed many impious absurdities.
Southdown	Of or pertaining to the South Downs, a range of pasture hills south of the Thames, in England.
Southdown	A Southdown sheep.
Southeast	The point of the compass equally distant from the south and the east; the southeast part or region.
Southeast	Of or pertaining to the southeast; proceeding toward, or coming from, the southeast; as, a southeast course; a southeast wind.
Southeaster	A storm, strong wind, or gale coming from the southeast.
Southeaster	Toward the southeast.
Southeastern	Of or pertaining to the southeast; southeasterly.
Southeastward	Alt. of Southeastwardly
Southeastwardly	Toward the southeast.
Souther	A strong wind, gale, or storm from the south.
Southerliness	The quality or state of being southerly; direction toward the south.
Southerly	Southern.
Southern	Of or pertaining to the south; situated in, or proceeding from, the south; situated or proceeding toward the south.
Southern	A Southerner.
Southerner	An inhabitant or native of the south, esp. of the Southern States of North America; opposed to Northerner.
Southernliness	Southerliness.
Southernly	Somewhat southern.
Southernly	In a southerly manner or course; southward.
Southernmost	Farthest south.
Southernwood	A shrubby species of wormwood (Artemisia Abrotanum) having aromatic foliage. It is sometimes used in making beer.
Southing	Tendency or progress southward; as, the southing of the sun.
Southing	The time at which the moon, or other heavenly body, passes the meridian of a place.
Southing	Distance of any heavenly body south of the equator; south declination; south latitude.
Southing	Distance southward from any point departure or of reckoning, measured on a meridian; -- opposed to northing.
Southly	Southerly.
Southmost	Farthest toward the south; southernmost.
Southness	A tendency in the end of a magnetic needle to point toward the south pole.
Southren	Southern.
Southron	An inhabitant of the more southern part of a country; formerly, a name given in Scotland to any Englishman.
Southsay	See Soothsay.
Southsayer	See Soothsayer.
South southerly	the old squaw; -- so called in imitation of its cry. Called also southerly, and southerland. See under Old.
Southward	Alt. of Southwards
Southwards	Toward the south, or toward a point nearer the south than the east or west point; as, to go southward.
Southward	Toward the south.
Southward	The southern regions or countries; the south.
Southwardly	In a southern direction.
Southwest	The point of the compass equally from the south and the west; the southwest part or region.
Southwest	Pertaining to, or in the direction of, the southwest; proceeding toward the southwest; coming from the southwest; as, a southwest wind.
Southwester	A storm, gale, or strong wind from the southwest.
Southwester	A hat made of painted canvas, oiled cloth, or the like, with a flap at the back, -- worn in stormy weather.
Southwesterly	To ward or from the southwest; as, a southwesterly course; a southwesterly wind.
Southwestern	Of or pertaining to the southwest; southwesterly; as, to sail a southwestern course.
Southwestward	Alt. of Southwestwardly
Southwestwardly	Toward the southwest.
Souvenance	Alt. of Sovenaunce
Sovenaunce	Remembrance.
Souvenir	That which serves as a reminder; a remembrancer; a memento; a keepsake.
Sovereign	Supreme or highest in power; superior to all others; chief; as, our sovereign prince.
Sovereign	Independent of, and unlimited by, any other; possessing, or entitled to, original authority or jurisdiction; as, a sovereign state; a sovereign discretion.
Sovereign	Princely; royal.
Sovereign	Predominant; greatest; utmost; paramount.
Sovereign	Efficacious in the highest degree; effectual; controlling; as, a sovereign remedy.
Sovereign	The person, body, or state in which independent and supreme authority is vested; especially, in a monarchy, a king, queen, or emperor.
Sovereign	A gold coin of Great Britain, on which an effigy of the head of the reigning king or queen is stamped, valued at one pound sterling, or about $4.86.
Sovereign	Any butterfly of the tribe Nymphalidi, or genus Basilarchia, as the ursula and the viceroy.
Sovereignize	To exercise supreme authority.
Sovereignly	In a sovereign manner; in the highest degree; supremely.
Sovereignties	of Sovereignty
Sovereignty	The quality or state of being sovereign, or of being a sovereign; the exercise of, or right to exercise, supreme power; dominion; sway; supremacy; independence; also, that which is sovereign; a sovereign state; as, Italy was formerly divided into many sovereignties.
Sovran	A variant of Sovereign.
Sow	To sew. See Sew.
Sow	The female of swine, or of the hog kind.
Sow	A sow bug.
Sow	A channel or runner which receives the rows of molds in the pig bed.
Sow	The bar of metal which remains in such a runner.
Sow	A mass of solidified metal in a furnace hearth; a salamander.
Sow	A kind of covered shed, formerly used by besiegers in filling up and passing the ditch of a besieged place, sapping and mining the wall, or the like.
Sowed	of Sow
Sown	of Sow
Sowed	of Sow
Sowing	of Sow
Sow	To scatter, as seed, upon the earth; to plant by strewing; as, to sow wheat. Also used figuratively: To spread abroad; to propagate.
Sow	To scatter seed upon, in, or over; to supply or stock, as land, with seeds. Also used figuratively: To scatter over; to besprinkle.
Sow	To scatter seed for growth and the production of a crop; -- literally or figuratively.
Sowans	See Sowens.
Sowar	In India, a mounted soldier.
Sowbane	The red goosefoot (Chenopodium rubrum), -- said to be fatal to swine.
Sowce	See Souse.
Sowdan	Sultan.
Sowdanesse	A sultaness.
Sowens	A nutritious article of food, much used in Scotland, made from the husk of the oat by a process not unlike that by which common starch is made; -- called flummery in England.
Sower	One who, or that which, sows.
Sowins	See Sowens.
Sowl	Alt. of Sowle
Sowle	To pull by the ears; to drag about.
Sowl	See Soul, v. i.
Sown	p. p. of Sow.
Sowne	To sound.
Sowse	See Souse.
Sowter	See Souter.
Soy	A Chinese and Japanese liquid sauce for fish, etc., made by subjecting boiled beans (esp. soja beans), or beans and meal, to long fermentation and then long digestion in salt and water.
Soy	The soja, a kind of bean. See Soja.
Soyle	To solve, to clear up; as, to soyl all other texts.
Soyle	Prey.
Soyned	Filled with care; anxious.
Sozzle	To splash or wet carelessly; as, to sozzle the feet in water.
Sozzle	To heap up in confusion.
Sozzle	One who spills water or other liquids carelessly; specifically, a sluttish woman.
Sozzle	A mass, or heap, confusedly mingled.
Spa	A spring or mineral water; -- so called from a place of this name in Belgium.
Spaad	A kind of spar; earth flax, or amianthus.
Space	Extension, considered independently of anything which it may contain; that which makes extended objects conceivable and possible.
Space	Place, having more or less extension; room.
Space	A quantity or portion of extension; distance from one thing to another; an interval between any two or more objects; as, the space between two stars or two hills; the sound was heard for the space of a mile.
Space	Quantity of time; an interval between two points of time; duration; time.
Space	A short time; a while.
Space	Walk; track; path; course.
Space	A small piece of metal cast lower than a face type, so as not to receive the ink in printing, -- used to separate words or letters.
Space	The distance or interval between words or letters in the lines, or between lines, as in books.
Space	One of the intervals, or open places, between the lines of the staff.
Space	To walk; to rove; to roam.
Spaced	of Space
Spacong	of Space
Space	To arrange or adjust the spaces in or between; as, to space words, lines, or letters.
Spaceful	Wide; extensive.
Spaceless	Without space.
Spacial	See Spatial.
Spacially	See Spatially.
Spacious	Extending far and wide; vast in extent.
Spacious	Inclosing an extended space; having large or ample room; not contracted or narrow; capacious; roomy; as, spacious bounds; a spacious church; a spacious hall.
Spadassin	A bravo; a bully; a duelist.
Spaddle	A little spade.
Spade	A hart or stag three years old.
Spade	A castrated man or beast.
Spade	An implement for digging or cutting the ground, consisting usually of an oblong and nearly rectangular blade of iron, with a handle like that of a shovel.
Spade	One of that suit of cards each of which bears one or more figures resembling a spade.
Spade	A cutting instrument used in flensing a whale.
Spaded	of Spade
Spading	of Spade
Spade	To dig with a spade; to pare off the sward of, as land, with a spade.
Spadebone	Shoulder blade.
Spadefish	An American market fish (Chaetodipterus faber) common on the southern coasts; -- called also angel fish, moonfish, and porgy.
Spadefoot	Any species of burrowing toads of the genus Scaphiopus, esp. S. Holbrookii, of the Eastern United States; -- called also spade toad.
Spadefuls	of Spadeful
Spadeful	As much as a spade will hold or lift.
Spader	One who, or that which, spades; specifically, a digging machine.
Spadiceous	Of a bright clear brown or chestnut color.
Spadiceous	Bearing flowers on a spadix; of the nature of a spadix.
Spadicose	Spadiceous.
Spadille	The ace of spades in omber and quadrille.
Spadices	of Spadix
Spadixes	of Spadix
Spadix	A fleshy spike of flowers, usually inclosed in a leaf called a spathe.
Spadix	A special organ of the nautilus, due to a modification of the posterior tentacles.
Spadones	of Spado
Spado	Same as Spade, 2.
Spado	An impotent person.
Spadroon	A sword, especially a broadsword, formerly used both to cut and thrust.
Spaed	of Spae
Spaeing	of Spae
Spae	To foretell; to divine.
Spaeman	A prophet; a diviner.
Spaewife	A female fortune teller.
Spaghetti	A variety or macaroni made in tubes of small diameter.
Spagyric	Alt. of Spagyrical
Spagyrical	Chemical; alchemical.
Spagyric	A spagyrist.
Spagyrist	A chemist, esp. one devoted to alchemistic pursuits.
Spagyrist	One of a sect which arose in the days of alchemy, who sought to discover remedies for disease by chemical means.  The spagyrists historically preceded the iatrochemists.
Spahi	Alt. of Spahee
Spahee	Formerly, one of the Turkish cavalry.
Spahee	An Algerian cavalryman in the French army.
Spaid	See 1st Spade.
Spake	imp. of Speak.
Spakenet	A net for catching crabs.
Spaky	Specky.
Spalding knife	A spalting knife.
Spale	A lath; a shaving or chip, as of wood or stone.
Spale	A strengthening cross timber.
Spall	The shoulder.
Spall	A chip or fragment, especially a chip of stone as struck off the block by the hammer, having at least one feather-edge.
Spall	To break into small pieces, as ore, for the purpose of separating from rock.
Spall	To reduce, as irregular blocks of stone, to an approximately level surface by hammering.
Spall	To give off spalls, or wedge-shaped chips; -- said of stone, as when badly set, with the weight thrown too much on the outer surface.
Spalpeen	A scamp; an Irish term for a good-for-nothing fellow; -- often used in good-humored contempt or ridicule.
Spalt	Spelter.
Spalt	Liable to break or split; brittle; as, spalt timber.
Spalt	Heedless; clumsy; pert; saucy.
Spalt	To split off; to cleave off, as chips from a piece of timber, with an ax.
Spalting knife	A knife used in splitting codfish.
Span	imp. & p. p. of Spin.
Span	The space from the thumb to the end of the little finger when extended; nine inches; eighth of a fathom.
Span	Hence, a small space or a brief portion of time.
Span	The spread or extent of an arch between its abutments, or of a beam, girder, truss, roof, bridge, or the like, between its supports.
Span	A rope having its ends made fast so that a purchase can be hooked to the bight; also, a rope made fast in the center so that both ends can be used.
Span	A pair of horses or other animals driven together; usually, such a pair of horses when similar in color, form, and action.
Spanned	of Span
Spanning	of Span
Span	To measure by the span of the hand with the fingers extended, or with the fingers encompassing the object; as, to span a space or distance; to span a cylinder.
Span	To reach from one side of to the order; to stretch over as an arch.
Span	To fetter, as a horse; to hobble.
Span	To be matched, as horses.
Spanaemia	A condition of impoverishment of the blood; a morbid state in which the red corpuscles, or other important elements of the blood, are deficient.
Spanaemic	Of or pertaining to spanaemia; having impoverished blood.
Spancel	A rope used for tying or hobbling the legs of a horse or cow.
Spanceled	of Spancel
Spancelled	of Spancel
Spanceling	of Spancel
Spancelling	of Spancel
Spancel	To tie or hobble with a spancel.
Spandogs	A pair of grappling dogs for hoisting logs and timber.
Spandrel	The irregular triangular space between the curve of an arch and the inclosing right angle; or the space between the outer moldings of two contiguous arches and a horizontal line above them, or another arch above and inclosing them.
Spandrel	A narrow mat or passe partout for a picture.
Spane	To wean.
Spang	To spangle.
Spang	To spring; to bound; to leap.
Spang	A bound or spring.
Spang	A spangle or shining ornament.
Spangle	A small plate or boss of shining metal; something brilliant used as an ornament, especially when stitched on the dress.
Spangle	Figuratively, any little thing that sparkless.
Spangled	of Spangle
Spangling	of Spangle
Spangle	To set or sprinkle with, or as with, spangles; to adorn with small, distinct, brilliant bodies; as, a spangled breastplate.
Spangle	To show brilliant spots or points; to glisten; to glitter.
Spangler	One who, or that which, spangles.
Spangly	Resembling, or consisting of, spangles; glittering; as, spangly light.
Spaniard	A native or inhabitant of Spain.
Spaniel	One of a breed of small dogs having long and thick hair and large drooping ears. The legs are usually strongly feathered, and the tail bushy. See Illust. under Clumber, and Cocker.
Spaniel	A cringing, fawning person.
Spaniel	Cringing; fawning.
Spaniel	To fawn; to cringe; to be obsequious.
Spaniel	To follow like a spaniel.
Spanish	Of or pertaining to Spain or the Spaniards.
Spanish	The language of Spain.
Spanked	of Spank
Spanking	of Spank
Spank	To strike, as the breech, with the open hand; to slap.
Spank	A blow with the open hand; a slap.
Spank	To move with a quick, lively step between a trot and gallop; to move quickly.
Spanker	One who spanks, or anything used as an instrument for spanking.
Spanker	The after sail of a ship or bark, being a fore-and-aft sail attached to a boom and gaff; -- sometimes called driver. See Illust. under Sail.
Spanker	One who takes long, quick strides in walking; also, a fast horse.
Spanker	Something very large, or larger than common; a whopper, as a stout or tall person.
Spanker	A small coin.
Spanking	Moving with a quick, lively pace, or capable of so doing; dashing.
Spanking	Large; considerable.
Spanking breeze	a strong breeze.
Spanless	Incapable of being spanned.
Spanner	One who, or that which, spans.
Spanner	The lock of a fusee or carbine; also, the fusee or carbine itself.
Spanner	An iron instrument having a jaw to fit a nut or the head of a bolt, and used as a lever to turn it with; a wrench; specifically, a wrench for unscrewing or tightening the couplings of hose.
Spanner	A contrivance in some of the ealier steam engines for moving the valves for the alternate admission and shutting off of the steam.
Span-new	Quite new; brand-new; fire-new.
Spannishing	The full blooming of a flower.
Spanpiece	The collar of a roof; sparpiece.
Spanworm	The larva of any geometrid moth, as the cankeworm; a geometer; a measuring worm.
Spar	An old name for a nonmetallic mineral, usually cleavable and somewhat lustrous; as, calc spar, or calcite, fluor spar, etc.  It was especially used in the case of the gangue minerals of a metalliferous vein.
Spar	A general term any round piece of timber used as a mast, yard, boom, or gaff.
Spar	Formerly, a piece of timber, in a general sense; -- still applied locally to rafters.
Spar	The bar of a gate or door.
Spar	To bolt; to bar.
Spar	To To supply or equip with spars, as a vessel.
Sparred	of Spar
Sparring	of Spar
Spar	To strike with the feet or spurs, as cocks do.
Spar	To use the fists and arms scientifically in attack or defense; to contend or combat with the fists, as for exercise or amusement; to box.
Spar	To contest in words; to wrangle.
Spar	A contest at sparring or boxing.
Spar	A movement of offense or defense in boxing.
Sparable	A kind of small nail used by shoemakers.
Sparada	A small California surf fish (Micrometrus aggregatus); -- called also shiner.
Sparadrap	A cerecloth.
Sparadrap	Any adhesive plaster.
Sparage	Alt. of Sparagrass
Sparagus	Alt. of Sparagrass
Sparagrass	Obs. or corrupt forms of Asparagus.
Sparble	To scatter; to disperse; to rout.
Spared	of Spare
Sparing	of Spare
Spare	To use frugally or stintingly, as that which is scarce or valuable; to retain or keep unused; to save.
Spare	To keep to one's self; to forbear to impart or give.
Spare	To preserve from danger or punishment; to forbear to punish, injure, or harm; to show mercy to.
Spare	To save or gain, as by frugality; to reserve, as from some occupation, use, or duty.
Spare	To deprive one's self of, as by being frugal; to do without; to dispense with; to give up; to part with.
Spare	To be frugal; not to be profuse; to live frugally; to be parsimonious.
Spare	To refrain from inflicting harm; to use mercy or forbearance.
Spare	To desist; to stop; to refrain.
Spare	Scanty; not abundant or plentiful; as, a spare diet.
Spare	Sparing; frugal; parsimonious; chary.
Spare	Being over and above what is necessary, or what must be used or reserved; not wanted, or not used; superfluous; as, I have no spare time.
Spare	Held in reserve, to be used in an emergency; as, a spare anchor; a spare bed or room.
Spare	Lean; wanting flesh; meager; thin; gaunt.
Spare	Slow.
Spare	The act of sparing; moderation; restraint.
Spare	Parsimony; frugal use.
Spare	An opening in a petticoat or gown; a placket.
Spare	That which has not been used or expended.
Spare	The right of bowling again at a full set of pins, after having knocked all the pins down in less than three bowls. If all the pins are knocked down in one bowl it is a double spare; in two bowls, a single spare.
Spareful	Sparing; chary.
Sparely	In a spare manner; sparingly.
Spareless	Unsparing.
Spareness	The quality or state of being lean or thin; leanness.
Sparer	One who spares.
Sparerib	A piece of pork, consisting or ribs with little flesh on them.
Sparge	To sprinkle; to moisten by sprinkling; as, to sparge paper.
Spargefaction	The act of sprinkling.
Sparger	A vessel with a perforated cover, for sprinkling with a liquid; a sprinkler.
Sparhawk	The sparrow hawk.
Spar-hung	Hung with spar, as a cave.
Sparing	Spare; saving; frugal; merciful.
Spark	A small particle of fire or ignited substance which is emitted by a body in combustion.
Spark	A small, shining body, or transient light; a sparkle.
Spark	That which, like a spark, may be kindled into a flame, or into action; a feeble germ; an elementary principle.
Spark	A brisk, showy, gay man.
Spark	A lover; a gallant; a beau.
Spark	To sparkle.
Spark	To play the spark, beau, or lover.
Sparker	A spark arrester.
Sparkful	Lively; brisk; gay.
Sparkish	Like a spark; airy; gay.
Sparkish	Showy; well-dresed; fine.
Sparkle	A little spark; a scintillation.
Sparkle	Brilliancy; luster; as, the sparkle of a diamond.
Sparkled	of Sparkle
Sparkling	of Sparkle
Sparkle	To emit sparks; to throw off ignited or incandescent particles; to shine as if throwing off sparks; to emit flashes of light; to scintillate; to twinkle; as, the blazing wood sparkles; the stars sparkle.
Sparkle	To manifest itself by, or as if by, emitting sparks; to glisten; to flash.
Sparkle	To emit little bubbles, as certain kinds of liquors; to effervesce; as, sparkling wine.
Sparkle	To emit in the form or likeness of sparks.
Sparkle	To disperse.
Sparkle	To scatter on or over.
Sparkler	One who scatters; esp., one who scatters money; an improvident person.
Sparkler	One who, or that which, sparkles.
Sparkler	A tiger beetle.
Sparklet	A small spark.
Sparkliness	Vivacity.
Sparkling	Emitting sparks; glittering; flashing; brilliant; lively; as, sparkling wine; sparkling eyes.
Sparling	The European smelt (Osmerus eperlanus).
Sparling	A young salmon.
Sparling	A tern.
Sparlyre	The calf of the leg.
Sparoid	Of or pertaining to the Sparidae, a family of spinous-finned fishes which includes the scup, sheepshead, and sea bream.
Sparoid	One of the Sparidae.
Sparpiece	The collar beam of a roof; the spanpiece.
Sparpoil	To scatter; to spread; to disperse.
Sparrow	One of many species of small singing birds of the family Fringilligae, having conical bills, and feeding chiefly on seeds. Many sparrows are called also finches, and buntings. The common sparrow, or house sparrow, of Europe (Passer domesticus) is noted for its familiarity, its voracity, its attachment to its young, and its fecundity. See House sparrow, under House.
Sparrow	Any one of several small singing birds somewhat resembling the true sparrows in form or habits, as the European hedge sparrow. See under Hedge.
Sparrowgrass	Asparagus.
Sparrowwort	An evergreen shrub of the genus Erica (E. passerina).
Sparry	Resembling spar, or consisting of spar; abounding with spar; having a confused crystalline structure; spathose.
Sparse	Thinly scattered; set or planted here and there; not being dense or close together; as, a sparse population.
Sparse	Placed irregularly and distantly; scattered; -- applied to branches, leaves, peduncles, and the like.
Sparse	To scatter; to disperse.
Sparsedly	Sparsely.
Sparsely	In a scattered or sparse manner.
Sparseness	The quality or state of being sparse; as, sparseness of population.
Sparsim	Sparsely; scatteredly; here and there.
Spartan	Of or pertaining to Sparta, especially to ancient Sparta; hence, hardy; undaunted; as, Spartan souls; Spartan bravey.
Spartan	A native or inhabitant of Sparta; figuratively, a person of great courage and fortitude.
Sparteine	A narcotic alkaloid extracted from the tops of the common broom (Cytisus scoparius, formerly Spartium scoparium), as a colorless oily liquid of aniline-like odor and very bitter taste.
parterie	Articles made of the blades or fiber of the Lygeum Spartum and Stipa (/ Macrochloa) tenacissima, kinds of grass used in Spain and other countries for making ropes, mats, baskets, nets, and mattresses.
Sparth	An Anglo-Saxon battle-ax, or halberd.
Sparve	The hedge sparrow.
Spary	Sparing; parsimonious.
Spasm	An involuntary and unnatural contraction of one or more muscles or muscular fibers.
Spasm	A sudden, violent, and temporary effort or emotion; as, a spasm of repentance.
Spasmatical	Spasmodic.
Spasmodic	Of or pertaining to spasm; consisting in spasm; occuring in, or characterized by, spasms; as, a spasmodic asthma.
Spasmodic	Soon relaxed or exhausted; convulsive; intermittent; as, spasmodic zeal or industry.
Spasmodic	A medicine for spasm.
Spasmodical	Same as Spasmodic, a. 
Spastic	Of or pertaining to spasm; spasmodic; especially, pertaining to tonic spasm; tetanic.
Spastically	Spasmodically.
Spasticity	A state of spasm.
Spasticity	The tendency to, or capability of suffering, spasm.
Spat	imp. of Spit.
Spat	A young oyster or other bivalve mollusk, both before and after it first becomes adherent, or such young, collectively.
Spat	To emit spawn; to emit, as spawn.
Spat	A light blow with something flat.
Spat	Hence, a petty combat, esp. a verbal one; a little quarrel, dispute, or dissension.
Spat	To dispute.
Spatted	of Spat
Spatting	of Spat
Spat	To slap, as with the open hand; to clap together; as the hands.
Spatangoid	Of or pertaining to the Spatangoidea.
Spatangoid	One of the Spatangoidea.
Spatangoidea	An order of irregular sea urchins, usually having a more or less heart-shaped shell with four or five petal-like ambulacra above. The mouth is edentulous and situated anteriorly, on the under side.
Spatangus	A genus of heart-shaped sea urchins belonging to the Spatangoidea.
Spatchcock	See Spitchcock.
Spate	A river flood; an overflow or inundation.
Spathae	of Spatha
Spatha	A spathe.
Spathaceous	Having a spathe; resembling a spathe; spathal.
Spathal	Furnished with a spathe; as, spathal flowers.
Spathe	A special involucre formed of one leaf and inclosing a spadix, as in aroid plants and palms. See the Note under Bract, and Illust. of Spadix.
Spathed	Having a spathe or calyx like a sheath.
Spathic	Like spar; foliated or lamellar; spathose.
Spathiform	Resembling spar in form.
Spathose	See Spathic.
Spathose	Having a spathe; resembling a spathe; spatheceous; spathal.
Spathous	Spathose.
Spathulate	See Spatulate.
Spatial	Of or pertaining to space.
Spatially	As regards space.
Spatiate	To rove; to ramble.
Spattered	of Spatter
Spattering	of Spatter
Spatter	To sprinkle with a liquid or with any wet substance, as water, mud, or the like; to make wet of foul spots upon by sprinkling; as, to spatter a coat; to spatter the floor; to spatter boots with mud.
Spatter	To distribute by sprinkling; to sprinkle around; as, to spatter blood.
Spatter	Fig.: To injure by aspersion; to defame; to soil; also, to throw out in a defamatory manner.
Spatter	To throw something out of the mouth in a scattering manner; to sputter.
Spatterdashed	Wearing spatterdashes.
Spatterdashes	Coverings for the legs, to protect them from water and mud; long gaiters.
Spatter-dock	The common yellow water lily (Nuphar advena).
Spattle	Spawl; spittle.
Spattle	A spatula.
Spattle	A tool or implement for mottling a molded article with coloring matter
Spattling-poppy	A kind of catchfly (Silene inflata) which is sometimes frothy from the action of captured insects.
Spatula	An implement shaped like a knife, flat, thin, and somewhat flexible, used for spreading paints, fine plasters, drugs in compounding prescriptions, etc.  Cf. Palette knife, under Palette.
Spatulate	Shaped like spatula, or like a battledoor, being roundish, with a long, narrow, linear base.
Spauld	The shoulder.
Spavin	A disease of horses characterized by a bony swelling developed on the hock as the result of inflammation of the bones; also, the swelling itself. The resulting lameness is due to the inflammation, and not the bony tumor as popularly supposed.
Spavined	Affected with spavin.
Spaw	See Spa.
Spawl	A splinter or fragment, as of wood or stone. See Spall.
Spawl	Scattered or ejected spittle.
Spawled	of Spawl
Spawling	of Spawl
Spawl	To scatter spittle from the mouth; to spit, as saliva.
Spawling	That which is spawled, or spit out.
Spawned	of Spawn
Spawning	of Spawn
Spawn	To produce or deposit (eggs), as fishes or frogs do.
Spawn	To bring forth; to generate; -- used in contempt.
Spawn	To deposit eggs, as fish or frogs do.
Spawn	To issue, as offspring; -- used contemptuously.
Spawn	The ova, or eggs, of fishes, oysters, and other aquatic animals.
Spawn	Any product or offspring; -- used contemptuously.
Spawn	The buds or branches produced from underground stems.
Spawn	The white fibrous matter forming the matrix from which fungi.
Spawner	A mature female fish.
Spawner	Whatever produces spawn of any kind.
Spayed	of Spay
Spaying	of Spay
Spay	To remove or extirpate the ovaries of, as a sow or a bitch; to castrate (a female animal).
Spay	The male of the red deer in his third year; a spade.
Spayad	Alt. of Spayade
Spayade	A spay.
Spoke	of Speak
Spake	of Speak
Spoken	of Speak
Spoke	of Speak
Speaking	of Speak
Speak	To utter words or articulate sounds, as human beings; to express thoughts by words; as, the organs may be so obstructed that a man may not be able to speak.
Speak	To express opinions; to say; to talk; to converse.
Speak	To utter a speech, discourse, or harangue; to adress a public assembly formally.
Speak	To discourse; to make mention; to tell.
Speak	To give sound; to sound.
Speak	To convey sentiments, ideas, or intelligence as if by utterance; as, features that speak of self-will.
Speak	To utter with the mouth; to pronounce; to utter articulately, as human beings.
Speak	To utter in a word or words; to say; to tell; to declare orally; as, to speak the truth; to speak sense.
Speak	To declare; to proclaim; to publish; to make known; to exhibit; to express in any way.
Speak	To talk or converse in; to utter or pronounce, as in conversation; as, to speak Latin.
Speak	To address; to accost; to speak to.
Speakable	Capable of being spoken; fit to be spoken.
Speakable	Able to speak.
Speaker	One who speaks.
Speaker	One who utters or pronounces a discourse; usually, one who utters a speech in public; as, the man is a good speaker, or a bad speaker.
Speaker	One who is the mouthpiece of others; especially, one who presides over, or speaks for, a delibrative assembly, preserving order and regulating the debates; as, the Speaker of the House of Commons, originally, the mouthpiece of the House to address the king; the Speaker of a House of Representatives.
Speaker	A book of selections for declamation.
Speakership	The office of speaker; as, the speakership of the House of Representatives.
Speaking	Uttering speech; used for conveying speech; as, man is a speaking animal; a speaking tube.
Speaking	Seeming to be capable of speech; hence, lifelike; as, a speaking likeness.
Speking	The act of uttering words.
Speking	Public declamation; oratory.
Spear	A long, pointed weapon, used in war and hunting, by thrusting or throwing; a weapon with a long shaft and a sharp head or blade; a lance.
Spear	Fig.: A spearman.
Spear	A sharp-pointed instrument with barbs, used for stabbing fish and other animals.
Spear	A shoot, as of grass; a spire.
Spear	The feather of a horse. See Feather, n., 4.
Spear	The rod to which the bucket, or plunger, of a pump is attached; a pump rod.
Speared	of Spear
Spearing	of Spear
Spear	To pierce with a spear; to kill with a spear; as, to spear a fish.
Spear	To shoot into a long stem, as some plants. See Spire.
Spearer	One who uses a spear; as, a spearer of fish.
Spearfish	A large and powerful fish (Tetrapturus albidus) related to the swordfish, but having scales and ventral fins. It is found on the American coast and the Mediterranean.
Spearfish	The carp sucker.
Spearhead	The pointed head, or end, of a spear.
Spearmen	of Spearman
Spearman	One who is armed with a spear.
Spearmint	A species of mint (Mentha viridis) growing in moist soil. It vields an aromatic oil. See Mint, and Mentha.
Spearwood	An Australian tree (Acacia Doratoxylon), and its tough wood, used by the natives for spears.
Spearwort	A name given to several species of crowfoot (Ranunculus) which have spear-shaped leaves.
Speary	Having the form of a spear.
Spece	Species; kind.
Specht	A woodpecker.
Special	Of or pertaining to a species; constituting a species or sort.
Special	Particular; peculiar; different from others; extraordinary; uncommon.
Special	Appropriate; designed for a particular purpose, occasion, or person; as, a special act of Parliament or of Congress; a special sermon.
Special	Limited in range; confined to a definite field of action, investigation, or discussion; as, a special dictionary of commercial terms; a special branch of study.
Special	Chief in excellence.
Special	A particular.
Special	One appointed for a special service or occasion.
Specialism	Devotion to a particular and restricted part or branch of knowledge, art, or science; as, medical specialism.
Specialist	One who devotes himself to some specialty; as, a medical specialist, one who devotes himself to diseases of particular parts of the body, as the eye, the ear, the nerves, etc.
Specialities	of Speciality
Speciality	A particular or peculiar case; a particularity.
Speciality	See Specialty, 3.
Speciality	The special or peculiar mark or characteristic of a person or thing; that for which a person is specially distinguished; an object of special attention; a special occupation or object of attention; a specialty.
Speciality	An attribute or quality peculiar to a species.
Specialization	The act of specializing, or the state of being spezialized.
Specialization	The setting apart of a particular organ for the performance of a particular function.
Specialize	To mention specially; to particularize.
Specialize	To apply to some specialty or limited object; to assign to a specific use; as, specialized knowledge.
Specialize	To supply with an organ or organs having a special function or functions.
Specially	In a special manner; particularly; especially.
Specially	For a particular purpose; as, a meeting of the legislature is specially summoned.
Specialties	of Specialty
Specialty	Particularity.
Specialty	A particular or peculiar case.
Specialty	A contract or obligation under seal; a contract by deed; a writing, under seal, given as security for a debt particularly specified.
Specialty	That for which a person is distinguished, in which he is specially versed, or which he makes an object of special attention; a speciality.
Specie	abl. of L. species sort, kind. Used in the phrase in specie, that is, in sort, in kind, in (its own) form.
Specie	Coin; hard money.
Species	Visible or sensible presentation; appearance; a sensible percept received by the imagination; an image.
Species	A group of individuals agreeing in common attributes, and designated by a common name; a conception subordinated to another conception, called a genus, or generic conception, from which it differs in containing or comprehending more attributes, and extending to fewer individuals. Thus, man is a species, under animal as a genus; and man, in its turn, may be regarded as a genus with respect to European, American, or the like, as species.
Species	In science, a more or less permanent group of existing things or beings, associated according to attributes, or properties determined by scientific observation.
Species	A sort; a kind; a variety; as, a species of low cunning; a species of generosity; a species of cloth.
Species	Coin, or coined silver, gold, ot other metal, used as a circulating medium; specie.
Species	A public spectacle or exhibition.
Species	A component part of compound medicine; a simple.
Species	An officinal mixture or compound powder of any kind; esp., one used for making an aromatic tea or tisane; a tea mixture.
Species	The form or shape given to materials; fashion or shape; form; figure.
Specifiable	Admitting specification; capable of being specified.
Specific	Of or pertaining to a species; characterizing or constituting a species; possessing the peculiar property or properties of a thing which constitute its species, and distinguish it from other things; as, the specific form of an animal or a plant; the specific qualities of a drug; the specific distinction between virtue and vice.
Specific	Specifying; definite, or making definite; limited; precise; discriminating; as, a specific statement.
Specific	Exerting a peculiar influence over any part of the body; preventing or curing disease by a peculiar adaption, and not on general principles; as, quinine is a specific medicine in cases of malaria.
Specific	A specific remedy. See Specific, a., 3.
Specific	Anything having peculiar adaption to the purpose to which it is applied.
Specifical	Specific.
Specifically	In a specific manner.
Specificalness	The quality of being specific.
Specificate	To show, mark, or designate the species, or the distinguishing particulars of; to specify.
Specification	The act of specifying or determining by a mark or limit; notation of limits.
Specification	The designation of particulars; particular mention; as, the specification of a charge against an officer.
Specification	A written statement containing a minute description or enumeration of particulars, as of charges against a public officer, the terms of a contract, the description of an invention, as in a patent; also, a single article, item, or particular, an allegation of a specific act, as in a charge of official misconduct.
Soecificness	The quality or state of being specific.
Specified	of Specify
Specifying	of Specify
Specify	To mention or name, as a particular thing; to designate in words so as to distinguish from other things; as, to specify the uses of a plant; to specify articles purchased.
Specollum	See Stylet, 2.
Specimen	A part, or small portion, of anything, or one of a number of things, intended to exhibit the kind and quality of the whole, or of what is not exhibited; a sample; as, a specimen of a man's handwriting; a specimen of painting; aspecimen of one's art.
Speciocities	of Speciosity
Speciosity	The quality or state of being specious; speciousness.
Speciosity	That which is specious.
Specious	Presenting a pleasing appearance; pleasing in form or look; showy.
Specious	Apparently right; superficially fair, just, or correct, but not so in reality; appearing well at first view; plausible; as, specious reasoning; a specious argument.
Speck	The blubber of whales or other marine mammals; also, the fat of the hippopotamus.
Speck	A small discolored place in or on anything, or a small place of a color different from that of the main substance; a spot; a stain; a blemish; as, a speck on paper or loth; specks of decay in fruit.
Speck	A very small thing; a particle; a mite; as, specks of dust; he has not a speck of money.
Speck	A small etheostomoid fish (Ulocentra stigmaea) common in the Eastern United States.
Specked	of Speck
Specking	of Speck
Speck	To cause the presence of specks upon or in, especially specks regarded as defects or blemishes; to spot; to speckle; as, paper specked by impurities in the water used in its manufacture.
Speckle	A little or spot in or anything, of a different substance or color from that of the thing itself.
Speckled	of Speckle
Speckling	of Speckle
Speckle	To mark with small spots of a different color from that of the rest of the surface; to variegate with spots of a different color from the ground or surface.
Speckled	Marked or variegated with small spots of a different color from that of the rest of the surface.
Speckled-belly	The gadwall.
Speckled-bill	The American white-fronted goose (Anser albifrons).
Speckledness	The quality of being speckled.
Specksioneer	The chief harpooner, who also directs in cutting up the speck, or blubber; -- so called among whalers.
Speckt	A woodpecker. See Speight.
Spectacle	Something exhibited to view; usually, something presented to view as extraordinary, or as unusual and worthy of special notice; a remarkable or noteworthy sight; a show; a pageant; a gazingstock.
Spectacle	A spy-glass; a looking-glass.
Spectacle	An optical instrument consisting of two lenses set in a light frame, and worn to assist sight, to obviate some defect in the organs of vision, or to shield the eyes from bright light.
Spectacle	Fig.: An aid to the intellectual sight.
Spectacled	Furnished with spectacles; wearing spectacles.
Spectacled	Having the eyes surrounded by color markings, or patches of naked skin, resembling spectacles.
Spectacular	Of or pertaining to a shows; of the nature of a show.
Spectacular	Adapted to excite wonder and admiration by a display of pomp or of scenic effects; as, a spectacular celebration of some event; a spectacular play.
Spectacular	Pertaining to spectacles, or glasses for the eyes.
Spectant	Looking forward.
Spectation	Regard; aspect; appearance.
Spectator	One who on; one who sees or beholds; a beholder; one who is personally present at, and sees, any exhibition; as, the spectators at a show.
Spectatorial	Of or pertaining to a spectator.
Spectatorship	The office or quality of a spectator.
Spectatorship	The act of beholding.
Spectatress	Alt. of Spectatrix
Spectatrix	A female beholder or looker-on.
Specter	Alt. of Spectre
Spectre	Something preternaturally visible; an apparition; a ghost; a phantom.
Spectre	The tarsius.
Spectre	A stick insect.
Spectioneer	Same as Specsioneer.
Spectral	Of or pertaining to a specter; ghosty.
Spectral	Of or pertaining to the spectrum; made by the spectrum; as, spectral colors; spectral analysis.
Spectrally	In the form or manner of a specter.
Spectre	See Specter.
Spectrological	Of or pertaining to spectrology; as, spectrological studies or experiments.
Spectrology	The science of spectrum analysis in any or all of its relations and applications.
Spectrometer	A spectroscope fitted for measurements of the luminious spectra observed with it.
Spectrophotometer	An instrument for measuring or comparing the intensites of the colors of the spectrum.
Spectroscope	An optical instrument for forming and examining spectra (as that of solar light, or those produced by flames in which different substances are volatilized), so as to determine, from the position of the spectral lines, the composition of the substance.
Spectroscopic	Alt. of Spectroscopical
Spectroscopical	Of or pertaining to a spectroscope, or spectroscopy.
Spectroscopist	One who investigates by means of a spectroscope; one skilled in the use of the spectroscope.
Spectroscopy	The use of the spectroscope; investigations made with the spectroscope.
Spectra	of Spectrum
Spectrum	An apparition; a specter.
Spectrum	The several colored and other rays of which light is composed, separated by the refraction of a prism or other means, and observed or studied either as spread out on a screen, by direct vision, by photography, or otherwise. See Illust. of Light, and Spectroscope.
Spectrum	A luminous appearance, or an image seen after the eye has been exposed to an intense light or a strongly illuminated object. When the object is colored, the image appears of the complementary color, as a green image seen after viewing a red wafer lying on white paper. Called also ocular spectrum.
Specular	Having the qualities of a speculum, or mirror; having a smooth, reflecting surface; as, a specular metal; a specular surface.
Specular	Of or pertaining to a speculum; conducted with the aid of a speculum; as, a specular examination.
Specular	Assisting sight, as a lens or the like.
Specular	Affording view.
Speculated	of Speculate
Speculating	of Speculate
Speculate	To consider by turning a subject in the mind, and viewing it in its different aspects and relations; to meditate; to contemplate; to theorize; as, to speculate on questions in religion; to speculate on political events.
Speculate	To view subjects from certain premises given or assumed, and infer conclusions respecting them a priori.
Speculate	To purchase with the expectation of a contingent advance in value, and a consequent sale at a profit; -- often, in a somewhat depreciative sense, of unsound or hazardous transactions; as, to speculate in coffee, in sugar, or in bank stock.
Speculate	To consider attentively; as, to speculate the nature of a thing.
Speculation	The act of speculating.
Speculation	Examination by the eye; view.
Speculation	Mental view of anything in its various aspects and relations; contemplation; intellectual examination.
Speculation	The act or process of reasoning a priori from premises given or assumed.
Speculation	The act or practice of buying land, goods, shares, etc., in expectation of selling at a higher price, or of selling with the expectation of repurchasing at a lower price; a trading on anticipated fluctuations in price, as distinguished from trading in which the profit expected is the difference between the retail and wholesale prices, or the difference of price in different markets.
Speculation	Any business venture in involving unusual risks, with a chance for large profits.
Speculation	A conclusion to which the mind comes by speculating; mere theory; view; notion; conjecture.
Speculation	Power of sight.
Speculation	A game at cards in which the players buy from one another trumps or whole hands, upon a chance of getting the highest trump dealt, which entitles the holder to the pool of stakes.
Speculatist	One who speculates, or forms theories; a speculator; a theorist.
Speculative	Given to speculation; contemplative.
Speculative	Involving, or formed by, speculation; ideal; theoretical; not established by demonstration.
Speculative	Of or pertaining to vision; also, prying; inquisitive; curious.
Speculative	Of or pertaining to speculation in land, goods, shares, etc.; as, a speculative dealer or enterprise.
Speculator	One who speculates. Specifically: (a) An observer; a contemplator; hence, a spy; a watcher.
Speculator	One who forms theories; a theorist.
Speculator	One who engages in speculation; one who buys and sells goods, land, etc., with the expectation of deriving profit from fluctuations in price.
Speculatorial	Speculatory; speculative.
Speculatory	Intended or adapted for viewing or espying; having oversight.
Speculatory	Exercising speculation; speculative.
Speculist	One who observes or considers; an observer.
Specula	of Speculum
Speculum	of Speculum
Speculum	A mirror, or looking-glass; especially, a metal mirror, as in Greek and Roman archaeology.
Speculum	A reflector of polished metal, especially one used in reflecting telescopes. See Speculum metal, below.
Speculum	An instrument for dilating certain passages of the body, and throwing light within them, thus facilitating examination or surgical operations.
Speculum	A bright and lustrous patch of color found on the wings of ducks and some other birds. It is usually situated on the distal portions of the secondary quills, and is much more brilliant in the adult male than in the female.
Sped	imp. & p. p. of Speed.
Speece	Species; sort.
Speech	The faculty of uttering articulate sounds or words; the faculty of expressing thoughts by words or articulate sounds; the power of speaking.
Speech	he act of speaking; that which is spoken; words, as expressing ideas; language; conversation.
Speech	A particular language, as distinct from others; a tongue; a dialect.
Speech	Talk; mention; common saying.
Speech	formal discourse in public; oration; harangue.
Speech	ny declaration of thoughts.
Speech	To make a speech; to harangue.
Speechful	Full of speech or words; voluble; loquacious.
Speechification	The act of speechifying.
Speechifier	One who makes a speech or speeches; an orator; a declaimer.
Speechified	of Speechify
Speechifying	of Speechify
Speechify	To make a speech; to harangue.
Speechifying	The act of making a speech or speeches.
Speeching	The act of making a speech.
Speechless	Destitute or deprived of the faculty of speech.
Speechless	Not speaking for a time; dumb; mute; silent.
Speechmaker	One who makes speeches; one accustomed to speak in a public assembly.
Speed	Prosperity in an undertaking; favorable issue; success.
Speed	The act or state of moving swiftly; swiftness; velocity; rapidly; rate of motion; dispatch; as, the speed a horse or a vessel.
Speed	One who, or that which, causes or promotes speed or success.
Sped	of Speed
Speeded	of Speed
Speeding	of Speed
Speed	To go; to fare.
Speed	To experience in going; to have any condition, good or ill; to fare.
Speed	To fare well; to have success; to prosper.
Speed	To make haste; to move with celerity.
Speed	To be expedient.
Speed	To cause to be successful, or to prosper; hence, to aid; to favor.
Speed	To cause to make haste; to dispatch with celerity; to drive at full speed; hence, to hasten; to hurry.
Speed	To hasten to a conclusion; to expedite.
Speed	To hurry to destruction; to put an end to; to ruin; to undo.
Speed	To wish success or god fortune to, in any undertaking, especially in setting out upon a journey.
Speeder	One who, or that which, speeds.
Speeder	A machine for drawing and twisting slivers to form rovings.
Speedful	Full of speed (in any sense).
Speedfully	In a speedful manner.
Speedily	In a speedy manner.
Speediness	The quality or state of being speedy.
Speedless	Being without speed.
Speedwell	Any plant of the genus Veronica, mostly low herbs with pale blue corollas, which quickly fall off.
Speedy	Not dilatory or slow; quick; swift; nimble; hasty; rapid in motion or performance; as, a speedy flight; on speedy foot.
Speer	A sphere.
Speer	To ask.
Speet	To stab.
Speight	A woodpecker; -- called also specht, spekt, spight.
Speir	To ask. See Spere.
Speiskobalt	Smaltite.
Speiss	A regulus consisting essentially of nickel, obtained as a residue in fusing cobalt and nickel ores with silica and sodium carbonate to make smalt.
Spekboom	The purslane tree of South Africa, -- said to be the favorite food of elephants.
Speke	To speak.
Spekehouse	The parlor or reception room of a convent.
Spelding	A haddock or other small fish split open and dried in the sun; -- called also speldron.
Spelicans	See Spilikin.
Spelk	A small stick or rod used as a spike in thatching; a splinter.
Spell	A spelk, or splinter.
Spelled	of Spell
Spelling	of Spell
Spell	To supply the place of for a time; to take the turn of, at work; to relieve; as, to spell the helmsman.
Spell	The relief of one person by another in any piece of work or watching; also, a turn at work which is carried on by one person or gang relieving another; as, a spell at the pumps; a spell at the masthead.
Spell	The time during which one person or gang works until relieved; hence, any relatively short period of time, whether a few hours, days, or weeks.
Spell	One of two or more persons or gangs who work by spells.
Spell	A gratuitous helping forward of another's work; as, a logging spell.
Spell	A story; a tale.
Spell	A stanza, verse, or phrase supposed to be endowed with magical power; an incantation; hence, any charm.
Spelled	of Spell
Spelt	of Spell
Spelling	of Spell
Spell	To tell; to relate; to teach.
Spell	To put under the influence of a spell; to affect by a spell; to bewitch; to fascinate; to charm.
Spell	To constitute; to measure.
Spell	To tell or name in their proper order letters of, as a word; to write or print in order the letters of, esp. the proper letters; to form, as words, by correct orthography.
Spell	To discover by characters or marks; to read with difficulty; -- usually with out; as, to spell out the sense of an author; to spell out a verse in the Bible.
Spell	To form words with letters, esp. with the proper letters, either orally or in writing.
Spell	To study by noting characters; to gain knowledge or learn the meaning of anything, by study.
Spellable	Capable of being spelt.
Spellbound	Bound by, or as by, a spell.
Speller	One who spells.
Speller	A spelling book.
Spellful	Abounding in spells, or charms.
Spelling	The act of one who spells; formation of words by letters; orthography.
Spelling	Of or pertaining to spelling.
Spellken	A theater.
Spellwork	Power or effect of magic; that which is wrought by magic; enchantment.
Spelt	imp. & p. p. of Spell. Spelled.
Spelt	A species of grain (Triticum Spelta) much cultivated for food in Germany and Switzerland; -- called also German wheat.
Spelt	Spelter.
Spelt	To split; to break; to spalt.
Spelter	Zinc; -- especially so called in commerce and arts.
Spelunc	A cavern; a cave.
Spence	A place where provisions are kept; a buttery; a larder; a pantry.
Spence	The inner apartment of a country house; also, the place where the family sit and eat.
Spencer	One who has the care of the spence, or buttery.
Spencer	A short jacket worn by men and by women.
Spencer	A fore-and-aft sail, abaft the foremast or the mainmast, hoisted upon a small supplementary mast and set with a gaff and no boom; a trysail carried at the foremast or mainmast; -- named after its inventor, Knight Spencer, of England [1802].
Spent	of Spend
Spending	of Spend
Spend	To weigh or lay out; to dispose of; to part with; as, to spend money for clothing.
Spend	To bestow; to employ; -- often with on or upon.
Spend	To consume; to waste; to squander; to exhaust; as, to spend an estate in gaming or other vices.
Spend	To pass, as time; to suffer to pass away; as, to spend a day idly; to spend winter abroad.
Spend	To exhaust of force or strength; to waste; to wear away; as, the violence of the waves was spent.
Spend	To expend money or any other possession; to consume, use, waste, or part with, anything; as, he who gets easily spends freely.
Spend	To waste or wear away; to be consumed; to lose force or strength; to vanish; as, energy spends in the using of it.
Spend	To be diffused; to spread.
Spend	To break ground; to continue working.
Spender	One who spends; esp., one who spends lavishly; a prodigal; a spendthrift.
Spending	The act of expending; expenditure.
Spendthrift	One who spends money profusely or improvidently; a prodigal; one who lavishes or wastes his estate. Also used figuratively.
Spendthrift	Prodigal; extravagant; wasteful.
Spendthrifty	Spendthrift; prodigal.
Spenserian	Of or pertaining to the English poet Spenser; -- specifically applied to the stanza used in his poem "The Faerie Queene."
Spent	Exhausted; worn out; having lost energy or motive force.
Spent	Exhausted of spawn or sperm; -- said especially of fishes.
Sper	Alt. of Sperre
Sperre	To shut in; to support; to inclose; to fasten.
Sperable	Within the range of hpe; proper to be hoped for.
Sperable	See Sperable.
Sperage	Asperagus.
Sperate	Hoped for, or to be hoped for.
Spere	To search; to pry; to ask; to inquire.
Spere	A sphere.
Sperge	A charge of wash for the still.
Sperling	A smelt; a sparling.
Sperling	A young herring.
Sperm	The male fecundating fluid; semen. See Semen.
Sperm	Spermaceti.
Spermaceti	A white waxy substance obtained from cavities in the head of the sperm whale, and used making candles, oilments, cosmetics, etc. It consists essentially of ethereal salts of palmitic acid with ethal and other hydrocarbon bases.  The substance of spermaceti after the removal of certain impurities is sometimes called cetin.
Spermalist	See Spermist.
Spermaphore	That part of the ovary from which the ovules arise; the placenta.
Spermary	An organ in which spermatozoa are developed; a sperm gland; a testicle.
Spermathecae	of Spermatheca
Spermatheca	A small sac connected with the female reproductive organs of insects and many other invertebrates, serving to receive and retain the spermatozoa.
Spermatic	Of or pertaining to semen; as, the spermatic fluid, the spermatic vessels, etc.
Spermatical	Spermatic.
Spermatin	A substance allied to alkali albumin and to mucin, present in semen, to which it is said to impart the mucilaginous character.
Spermatism	The emission of sperm, or semen.
Spermatia	of Spermatium
Spermatium	One of the motionless spermatozoids in the conceptacles of certain fungi.
Spermatize	To yield seed; to emit seed, or sperm.
Spermato-	Alt. of Spermo-
Spermo-	Combining forms from Gr. spe`rma, -atos, seed, sperm, semen (of plants or animals); as, spermatoblast, spermoblast.
Spermatoblast	Same as Spermoblast.
Spermatocyte	Same as Spermoblast.
Spermatogemma	Same as Spermosphere.
Spermatogenesis	The development of the spermatozoids.
Spermatogenetic	Relating to, or connected with, spermatogenesis; as, spermatogenetic function.
Spermatogenous	Sperm-producing.
Spermatogonium	A primitive seminal cell, occuring in masses in the seminal tubules. It divides into a mass (spermosphere) of small cells (spermoblast), which in turn give rise to spermatozoids.
Spermatoid	Spermlike; resembling sperm, or semen.
Spermatoa	of Spermatoon
Spermatoon	A spermoblast.
Spermatophore	Same as Spermospore.
Spermatophore	A capsule or pocket inclosing a number of spermatozoa. They are present in many annelids, brachiopods, mollusks, and crustaceans. In cephalopods the structure of the capsule is very complex.
Spermatophorous	Producing seed, or sperm; seminiferous; as, the so-called spermatophorous cells.
Spermatorrhea	Alt. of Spermatorrhoea
Spermatorrhoea	Abnormally frequent involuntary emission of the semen without copulation.
Spermatospore	Same as Spermospore.
Spermatozoid	The male germ cell in animals and plants, the essential element in fertilization; a microscopic animalcule-like particle, usually provided with one or more cilia by which it is capable of active motion. In animals, the familiar type is that of a small, more or less ovoid head, with a delicate threadlike cilium, or tail. Called also spermatozoon. In plants the more usual term is antherozoid.
Spermatozooid	A spermatozoid.
Spermatozoa	of Spermatozoon
Spermatozoon	Same as Spermatozoid.
Spermic	Of or pertaining to sperm, or semen.
Spermidia	of Spermidium
Spermidium	An achenium.
Spermist	A believer in the doctrine, formerly current, of encasement in the male (see Encasement), in which the seminal thread, or spermatozoid, was considered as the real animal germ, the head being the true animal head and the tail the body.
Spermoblast	One of the cells formed by the division of the spermospore, each of which is destined to become a spermatozoid; a spermatocyte; a spermatoblast.
Spermococcus	The nucleus of the sperm cell.
Spermoderm	The covering of a seed; -- sometimes limited to the outer coat or testa.
Spermogonium	A conceptacle of certain lichens, which contains spermatia.
Spermologist	One who treats of, or collects, seeds.
Spermophile	Any ground squirrel of the genus Spermophilus; a gopher. See Illust. under Gopher.
Spermophore	A spermatophore.
Spermophyta	Plants which produce seed; phaenogamia. These plants constitute the highest grand division of the vegetable kingdom.
Spermophyte	Any plant which produces true seeds; -- a term recently proposed to replace ph/nogam.
Spermophytic	Capable of producing seeds; ph/nogamic.
Spermoplasma	The protoplasm of the sperm cell.
Spermosphere	A mass or ball of cells formed by the repeated division of a male germinal cell (spermospore), each constituent cell (spermoblast) of which is converted into a spermatozoid; a spermatogemma.
Spermospore	The male germinal or seminal cell, from the breaking up of which the spermoblasts are formed and ultimately the spermatozoids; a spermatospore.
Spermule	A sperm cell.
Sperm whale	A very large toothed whale (Physeter macrocephalus), having a head of enormous size. The upper jaw is destitute of teeth. In the upper part of the head, above the skull, there is a large cavity, or case, filled with oil and spermaceti. This whale sometimes grows to the length of more than eighty feet. It is found in the warmer parts of all the oceans. Called also cachalot, and spermaceti whale.
Sperrylite	An arsenide of platinum occuring in grains and minute isometric crystals of tin-white color. It is found near Sudbury, Ontario Canada, and is the only known compound of platinum occuring in nature.
Sperse	To disperse.
Spessartite	A manganesian variety of garnet.
Spet	To spit; to throw out.
Spet	Spittle.
Spetches	Parings and refuse of hides, skins, etc., from which glue is made.
Spewed	of Spew
Spewing	of Spew
Spew	To eject from the stomach; to vomit.
Spew	To cast forth with abhorrence or disgust; to eject.
Spew	To vomit.
Spew	To eject seed, as wet land swollen with frost.
Spew	That which is vomited; vomit.
Spewer	One who spews.
Spewiness	The state of being spewy.
Spewy	Wet; soggy; inclined to spew.
Sphacel	Gangrene.
Sphacelated	of Spacelate
Sphacelating	of Spacelate
Spacelate	To die, decay, or become gangrenous, as flesh or bone; to mortify.
Sphacelate	To affect with gangrene.
Sphacelate	Alt. of Sphacelated
Sphacelated	Affected with gangrene; mortified.
Sphacelation	The process of becoming or making gangrenous; mortification.
Sphacelus	Gangrenous part; gangrene; slough.
Sphaerenchyma	Vegetable tissue composed of thin-walled rounded cells, -- a modification of parenchyma.
Sphaeridia	of Sphaeridium
Sphaeridium	A peculiar sense organ found upon the exterior of most kinds of sea urchins, and consisting of an oval or sherical head surmounting a short pedicel. It is generally supposed to be an olfactory organ.
Sphaerospore	One of the nonsexual spores found in red algae; a tetraspore.
Sphaerulite	Same as Spherulite.
Sphagnicolous	Growing in moss of the genus Sphagnum.
Sphagnous	Pertaining to moss of the genus Sphagnum, or bog moss; abounding in peat or bog moss.
Sphagnum	A genus of mosses having white leaves slightly tinged with red or green and found growing in marshy places; bog moss; peat moss.
Sphalerite	Zinc sulphide; -- called also blende, black-jack, false galena, etc. See Blende (a).
Sphene	A mineral found usually in thin, wedge-shaped crystals of a yellow or green to black color. It is a silicate of titanium and calcium; titanite.
Sphenethmoid	Of or pertaining to both the sphenoidal and the ethmoidal regions of the skull, or the sphenethmoid bone; sphenethmoidal.
Sphenethmoid	The sphenethmoid bone.
Sphenethmoidal	Relating to the sphenoethmoid bone; sphenoethmoid.
Spheniscan	Any species of penguin.
Spheno-	A combining form used in anatomy to indicate connection with, or relation to, the sphenoid bone; as in sphenomaxillary, sphenopalatine.
Sphenodon	Same as Hatteria.
Sphenoethmoidal	Sphenethmoid.
Sphenogram	A cuneiform, or arrow-headed, character.
Sphenographer	One skilled in sphenography; a sphenographist.
Sphenographic	Of or pertaining to sphenography.
Sphenographist	A sphenographer.
Sphenography	The art of writing in cuneiform characters, or of deciphering inscriptions made in such characters.
Sphenoid	Wedge-shaped; as, a sphenoid crystal.
Sphenoid	Of or pertaining to the sphenoid bone.
Sphenoid	A wedge-shaped crystal bounded by four equal isosceles triangles. It is the hemihedral form of a square pyramid.
Sphenoid	The sphenoid bone.
Sphenoidal	Sphenoid.
Sphenoidal	Pertaining to, or resembling, a sphenoid.
Sphenotic	Of, pertaining to, or designating, the sphenotic bone.
Sphenotic	The sphenotic bone.
Spheral	Of or pertaining to a sphere or the spheres.
Spheral	Rounded like a sphere; sphere-shaped; hence, symmetrical; complete; perfect.
Sphere	A body or space contained under a single surface, which in every part is equally distant from a point within called its center.
Sphere	Hence, any globe or globular body, especially a celestial one, as the sun, a planet, or the earth.
Sphere	The apparent surface of the heavens, which is assumed to be spherical and everywhere equally distant, in which the heavenly bodies appear to have their places, and on which the various astronomical circles, as of right ascension and declination, the equator, ecliptic, etc., are conceived to be drawn; an ideal geometrical sphere, with the astronomical and geographical circles in their proper positions on it.
Sphere	In ancient astronomy, one of the concentric and eccentric revolving spherical transparent shells in which the stars, sun, planets, and moon were supposed to be set, and by which they were carried, in such a manner as to produce their apparent motions.
Sphere	The extension of a general conception, or the totality of the individuals or species to which it may be applied.
Sphere	Circuit or range of action, knowledge, or influence; compass; province; employment; place of existence.
Sphere	Rank; order of society; social positions.
Sphere	An orbit, as of a star; a socket.
Sphered	of Sphere
Sphering	of Sphere
Sphere	To place in a sphere, or among the spheres; to insphere.
Sphere	To form into roundness; to make spherical, or spheral; to perfect.
Spherical	Alt. of Spheric
Spheric	Having the form of a sphere; like a sphere; globular; orbicular; as, a spherical body.
Spheric	Of or pertaining to a sphere.
Spheric	Of or pertaining to the heavenly orbs, or to the sphere or spheres in which, according to ancient astronomy and astrology, they were set.
Sphericity	The quality or state of being spherial; roundness; as, the sphericity of the planets, or of a drop of water.
Sphericle	A small sphere.
Spherics	The doctrine of the sphere; the science of the properties and relations of the circles, figures, and other magnitudes of a sphere, produced by planes intersecting it; spherical geometry and trigonometry.
Spherobacteria	See the Note under Microbacteria.
Spheroconic	A nonplane curve formed by the intersection of the surface of an oblique cone with the surface of a sphere whose center is at the vertex of the cone.
Spherograph	An instrument for facilitating the practical use of spherics in navigation and astronomy, being constructed of two cardboards containing various circles, and turning upon each other in such a manner that any possible spherical triangle may be readily found, and the measures of the parts read off by inspection.
Spheroid	A body or figure approaching to a sphere, but not perfectly spherical; esp., a solid generated by the revolution of an ellipse about one of its axes.
Spheroidal	Having the form of a spheroid.
Spheroidic	Alt. of Spheroidical
Spheroidical	See Spheroidal.
Spheroidicity	Alt. of Spheroidity
Spheroidity	The quality or state of being spheroidal.
Spheromere	Any one of the several symmetrical segments arranged around the central axis and composing the body of a radiate anmal.
Spherometer	An instrument for measuring the curvature of spherical surface, as of lenses for telescope, etc.
Spherosiderite	Siderite occuring in spheroidal masses.
Spherosome	The body wall of any radiate animal.
Spherulate	Covered or set with spherules; having one or more rows of spherules, or minute tubercles.
Spherule	A little sphere or spherical body; as, quicksilver, when poured upon a plane, divides itself into a great number of minute spherules.
Spherulite	A minute spherical crystalline body having a radiated structure, observed in some vitreous volcanic rocks, as obsidian and pearlstone.
Spherulitic	Of or pertaining to a spherulite; characterized by the presence of spherulites.
Sphery	Round; spherical; starlike.
Sphery	Of or pertaining to the spheres.
Sphex	Any one of numerous species of sand wasps of the genus Sphex and allied genera. These wasps have the abdomen attached to the thorax by a slender pedicel. See Illust. of Sand wasp, under Sand.
Sphigmometer	See Sphygmometer.
Sphincter	A muscle which surrounds, and by its contraction tends to close, a natural opening; as, the sphincter of the bladder.
Sphincter	Of, pertaining to, or designating, a sphincter; as, a sphincter muscle.
Sphingid	A sphinx.
Sphingid	Of or pertaining to a sphinx, or the family Sphingidae.
Sphinx	In Egyptian art, an image of granite or porphyry, having a human head, or the head of a ram or of a hawk, upon the wingless body of a lion.
Sphinx	On Greek art and mythology, a she-monster, usually represented as having the winged body of a lion, and the face and breast of a young woman.
Sphinx	Hence: A person of enigmatical character and purposes, especially in politics and diplomacy.
Sphinx	Any one of numerous species of large moths of the family Sphingidae; -- called also hawk moth.
Sphinx	The Guinea, or sphinx, baboon (Cynocephalus sphinx).
Sphragide	Lemnian earth.
Sphragistics	The science of seals, their history, age, distinctions, etc., esp. as verifying the age and genuiness of documents.
Sphrigosis	A condition of vegetation in which there is too abundant growth of the stem and leaves, accompanied by deficiency of flowers and fruit.
Sphygmic	Of or pertaining to the pulse.
Sphygmogram	A tracing, called a pulse tracing, consisting of a series of curves corresponding with the beats of the heart, obtained by the application of the sphygmograph.
Sphygmograph	An instrument which, when applied over an artery, indicates graphically the movements or character of the pulse. See Sphygmogram.
Sphygmographic	Relating to, or produced by, a sphygmograph; as, a sphygmographic tracing.
Sphygmometer	An instrument for measuring the strength of the pulse beat; a sphygmograph.
Sphygmophone	An electrical instrument for determining by the ear the rhythm of the pulse of a person at a distance.
Sphygmoscope	Same as Sphygmograph.
Sphyraenoid	Of or pertaining to the Sphyraenidae, a family of marine fishes including the barracudas.
Spial	A spy; a scout.
Spicae	of Spica
Spica	A kind of bandage passing, by successive turns and crosses, from an extremity to the trunk; -- so called from its resemblance to a spike of a barley.
Spica	A star of the first magnitude situated in the constellation Virgo.
Spicate	Alt. of Spicated
Spicated	Having the form of a spike, or ear; arranged in a spike or spikes.
Spiccato	Detached; separated; -- a term indicating that every note is to be performed in a distinct and pointed manner.
Spice	Species; kind.
Spice	A vegetable production of many kinds, fragrant or aromatic and pungent to the taste, as pepper, cinnamon, nutmeg, mace, allspice, ginger, cloves, etc., which are used in cookery and to flavor sauces, pickles, etc.
Spice	Figuratively, that which enriches or alters the quality of a thing in a small degree, as spice alters the taste of food; that which gives zest or pungency; a slight flavoring; a relish; hence, a small quantity or admixture; a sprinkling; as, a spice of mischief.
Spiced	of Spice
Spicing	of Spice
Spice	To season with spice, or as with spice; to mix aromatic or pungent substances with; to flavor; to season; as, to spice wine; to spice one's words with wit.
Spice	To fill or impregnate with the odor of spices.
Spice	To render nice or dainty; hence, to render scrupulous.
Spicebush	Spicewood.
Spicenut	A small crisp cake, highly spiced.
Spicer	One who seasons with spice.
Spicer	One who deals in spice.
Spicery	Spices, in general.
Spicery	A repository of spices.
Spicewood	An American shrub (Lindera Benzoin), the bark of which has a spicy taste and odor; -- called also Benjamin, wild allspice, and fever bush.
Spiciferous	Bearing ears, or spikes; spicate.
Spiciform	Spike-shaped.
Spicily	In a spicy manner.
Spiciness	The quality or state of being spicy.
Spick	A spike or nail.
Spicknel	An umbelliferous herb (Meum Athamanticum) having finely divided leaves, common in Europe; -- called also baldmoney, mew, and bearwort.
Spicose	Having spikes, or ears, like corn spikes.
Spicosity	The state of having, or being full of, ears like corn.
Spicous	See Spicose.
Spiculae	of Spicula
Spicula	A little spike; a spikelet.
Spicula	A pointed fleshy appendage.
Spicular	Resembling a dart; having sharp points.
Spiculate	Covered with, or having, spicules.
Spiculate	Covered with minute spiculae, or pointed fleshy appendages; divided into small spikelets.
Spiculate	To sharpen to a point.
Spicule	A minute, slender granule, or point.
Spicule	Same as Spicula.
Spicule	Any small calcareous or siliceous body found in the tissues of various invertebrate animals, especially in sponges and in most Alcyonaria.
Spiculiform	Having the shape of a spicule.
Spiculigenous	Producing or containing spicules.
Spiculispongiae	A division of sponges including those which have independent siliceous spicules.
Spicula	of Spiculum
Spiculum	Same as Spicule.
Spicy	Flavored with, or containing, spice or spices; fragrant; aromatic; as, spicy breezes.
Spicy	Producing, or abounding with, spices.
Spicy	Fig.: Piquant; racy; as, a spicy debate.
Spider	Any one of numerous species of arachnids comprising the order Araneina. Spiders have the mandibles converted into poison fangs, or falcers. The abdomen is large and not segmented, with two or three pairs of spinnerets near the end, by means of which they spin threads of silk to form cocoons, or nests, to protect their eggs and young. Many species spin also complex webs to entrap the insects upon which they prey. The eyes are usually eight in number (rarely six), and are situated on the back of the cephalothorax. See Illust. under Araneina.
Spider	Any one of various other arachnids resembling the true spiders, especially certain mites, as the red spider (see under Red).
Spider	An iron pan with a long handle, used as a kitchen utensil in frying food. Originally, it had long legs, and was used over coals on the hearth.
Spider	A trevet to support pans or pots over a fire.
Spider	A skeleton, or frame, having radiating arms or members, often connected by crosspieces; as, a casting forming the hub and spokes to which the rim of a fly wheel or large gear is bolted; the body of a piston head; a frame for strengthening a core or mold for a casting, etc.
Spidered	Infested by spiders; cobwebbed.
Spiderlike	Like a spider.
Spider web	Alt. of Spider's web
Spider's web	The silken web which is formed by most kinds of spiders, particularly the web spun to entrap their prey. See Geometric spider, Triangle spider, under Geometric, and Triangle.
Spiderwort	An American endogenous plant (Tradescantia Virginica), with long linear leaves and ephemeral blue flowers. The name is sometimes extended to other species of the same genus.
Spied	imp. & p. p. of Spy.
Spiegeleisen	See Spiegel iron.
Spiegel iron	A fusible white cast iron containing a large amount of carbon (from three and a half to six per cent) and some manganese. When the manganese reaches twenty-five per cent and upwards it has a granular structure, and constitutes the alloy ferro manganese, largely used in the manufacture of Bessemer steel. Called also specular pig iron, spiegel, and spiegeleisen.
Spight	Spite.
Spight	A woodpecker. See Speight.
Spignel	Same as Spickenel.
Spignet	An aromatic plant of America. See Spikenard.
Spigot	A pin or peg used to stop the vent in a cask; also, the plug of a faucet or cock.
Spigurnel	Formerly the title of the sealer of writs in chancery.
Spike	A sort of very large nail; also, a piece of pointed iron set with points upward or outward.
Spike	Anything resembling such a nail in shape.
Spike	An ear of corn or grain.
Spike	A kind of flower cluster in which sessile flowers are arranged on an unbranched elongated axis.
Spiked	of Spike
Spiking	of Spike
Spike	To fasten with spikes, or long, large nails; as, to spike down planks.
Spike	To set or furnish with spikes.
Spike	To fix on a spike.
Spike	To stop the vent of (a gun or cannon) by driving a spike nail, or the like into it.
Spike	Spike lavender. See Lavender.
Spikebill	The hooded merganser.
Spikebill	The marbled godwit (Limosa fedoa).
Spiked	Furnished or set with spikes, as corn; fastened with spikes; stopped with spikes.
Spikefish	See Sailfish (a)
Spikelet	A small or secondary spike; especially, one of the ultimate parts of the in florescence of grasses. See Illust. of Quaking grass.
Spikenard	An aromatic plant. In the United States it is the Aralia racemosa, often called spignet, and used as a medicine. The spikenard of the ancients is the Nardostachys Jatamansi, a native of the Himalayan region.  From its blackish roots a perfume for the hair is still prepared in India.
Spikenard	A fragrant essential oil, as that from the Nardostachys Jatamansi.
Spiketail	The pintail duck.
Spiky	Like a spike; spikelike.
Spiky	Having a sharp point, or sharp points; furnished or armed with spikes.
Spile	A small plug or wooden pin, used to stop a vent, as in a cask.
Spile	A small tube or spout inserted in a tree for conducting sap, as from a sugar maple.
Spile	A large stake driven into the ground as a support for some superstructure; a pile.
Spile	To supply with a spile or a spigot; to make a small vent in, as a cask.
Spilikin</B> (<I>n.</I>) One of a number of small pieces or pegs of wood, ivory, bone, or other material, for playing a game, or for counting the score in a game, as in cribbage. In the plural (spilikins<P><B>spilikins	One of a number of small pieces or pegs of wood, ivory, bone, or other material, for playing a game, or for counting the score in a game, as in cribbage. In the plural (spilikins<P><B>spilikins</B> (<I>pl. </I>) of Spilikin
Spill	A bit of wood split off; a splinter.
Spill	A slender piece of anything.
Spill	A peg or pin for plugging a hole, as in a cask; a spile.
Spill	A metallic rod or pin.
Spill	A small roll of paper, or slip of wood, used as a lamplighter, etc.
Spill	One of the thick laths or poles driven horizontally ahead of the main timbering in advancing a level in loose ground.
Spill	A little sum of money.
Spilt	of Spill
Spilling	of Spill
Spill	To cover or decorate with slender pieces of wood, metal, ivory, etc.; to inlay.
Spilled	of Spill
Spilt	of Spill
Spilling	of Spill
Spill	To destroy; to kill; to put an end to.
Spill	To mar; to injure; to deface; hence, to destroy by misuse; to waste.
Spill	To suffer to fall or run out of a vessel; to lose, or suffer to be scattered; -- applied to fluids and to substances whose particles are small and loose; as, to spill water from a pail; to spill quicksilver from a vessel; to spill powder from a paper; to spill sand or flour.
Spill	To cause to flow out and be lost or wasted; to shed, or suffer to be shed, as in battle or in manslaughter; as, a man spills another's blood, or his own blood.
Spill	To relieve a sail from the pressure of the wind, so that it can be more easily reefed or furled, or to lessen the strain.
Spill	To be destroyed, ruined, or wasted; to come to ruin; to perish; to waste.
Spill	To be shed; to run over; to fall out, and be lost or wasted.
Spiller	One who, or that which, spills.
Spiller	A kind of fishing line with many hooks; a boulter.
Spillet fishing	Alt. of Spilliard fishing
Spilliard fishing	A system or method of fishing by means of a number of hooks set on snoods all on one line; -- in North America, called trawl fishing, bultow, or bultow fishing, and long-line fishing.
Spillikin	See Spilikin.
Spillway	A sluiceway or passage for superfluous water in a reservoir, to prevent too great pressure on the dam.
Spilt	imp. & p. p. of Spill. Spilled.
Spilter	Any one of the small branches on a stag's head.
Spilth	Anything spilt, or freely poured out; slop; effusion.
Spun	of Spin
Span	of Spin
Spinning	of Spin
Spin	To draw out, and twist into threads, either by the hand or machinery; as, to spin wool, cotton, or flax; to spin goat's hair; to produce by drawing out and twisting a fibrous material.
Spin	To draw out tediously; to form by a slow process, or by degrees; to extend to a great length; -- with out; as, to spin out large volumes on a subject.
Spin	To protract; to spend by delays; as, to spin out the day in idleness.
Spin	To cause to turn round rapidly; to whirl; to twirl; as, to spin a top.
Spin	To form (a web, a cocoon, silk, or the like) from threads produced by the extrusion of a viscid, transparent liquid, which hardens on coming into contact with the air; -- said of the spider, the silkworm, etc.
Spin	To shape, as malleable sheet metal, into a hollow form, by bending or buckling it by pressing against it with a smooth hand tool or roller while the metal revolves, as in a lathe.
Spin	To practice spinning; to work at drawing and twisting threads; to make yarn or thread from fiber; as, the woman knows how to spin; a machine or jenny spins with great exactness.
Spin	To move round rapidly; to whirl; to revolve, as a top or a spindle, about its axis.
Spin	To stream or issue in a thread or a small current or jet; as, blood spinsfrom a vein.
Spin	To move swifty; as, to spin along the road in a carriage, on a bicycle, etc.
Spin	The act of spinning; as, the spin of a top; a spin a bicycle.
Spin	Velocity of rotation about some specified axis.
Spina bifida	A congenital malformation in which the spinal column is cleft at its lower portion, and the membranes of the spinal cord project as an elastic swelling from the gap thus formed.
Spinaceous	Of, pertaining to, or resembling, the plant spinach, or the family of plants to which it belongs.
Spinach	Alt. of Spinage
Spinage	A common pot herb (Spinacia oleracea) belonging to the Goosefoot family.
Spinal	Of, pertaining to, or in the region of, the backbone, or vertebral column; rachidian; vertebral.
Spinal	Of or pertaining to a spine or spines.
Spinate	Bearing a spine; spiniform.
Spindle	The long, round, slender rod or pin in spinning wheels by which the thread is twisted, and on which, when twisted, it is wound; also, the pin on which the bobbin is held in a spinning machine, or in the shuttle of a loom.
Spindle	A slender rod or pin on which anything turns; an axis; as, the spindle of a vane.
Spindle	The shaft, mandrel, or arbor, in a machine tool, as a lathe or drilling machine, etc., which causes the work to revolve, or carries a tool or center, etc.
Spindle	The vertical rod on which the runner of a grinding mill turns.
Spindle	A shaft or pipe on which a core of sand is formed.
Spindle	The fusee of a watch.
Spindle	A long and slender stalk resembling a spindle.
Spindle	A yarn measure containing, in cotton yarn, 15,120 yards; in linen yarn, 14,400 yards.
Spindle	A solid generated by the revolution of a curved line about its base or double ordinate or chord.
Spindle	Any marine univalve shell of the genus Rostellaria; -- called also spindle stromb.
Spindle	Any marine gastropod of the genus Fusus.
Spindled	of Spindle
Spindling	of Spindle
Spindle	To shoot or grow into a long, slender stalk or body; to become disproportionately tall and slender.
Spindle-legged	Having long, slender legs.
Spindlelegs	A spindleshanks.
Spindle-shanked	Having long, slender legs.
Spindleshanks	A person with slender shanks, or legs; -- used humorously or in contempt.
Spindle-shaped	Having the shape of a spindle.
Spindle-shaped	Thickest in the middle, and tapering to both ends; fusiform; -- applied chiefly to roots.
Spindletail	The pintail duck.
Spindleworm	The larva of a noctuid mmoth (Achatodes zeae) which feeds inside the stalks of corn (maize), sometimes causing much damage. It is smooth, with a black head and tail and a row of black dots across each segment.
Spindling	Long and slender, or disproportionately tall and slender; as, a spindling tree; a spindling boy.
Spine	A sharp appendage to any of a plant; a thorn.
Spine	A rigid and sharp projection upon any part of an animal.
Spine	One of the rigid and undivided fin rays of a fish.
Spine	The backbone, or spinal column, of an animal; -- so called from the projecting processes upon the vertebrae.
Spine	Anything resembling the spine or backbone; a ridge.
Spineback	A fish having spines in, or in front of, the dorsal fins.
Spinebill	Any species of Australian birds of the genus Acanthorhynchus. They are related to the honey eaters.
Spined	Furnished with spines; spiny.
Spine-finned	Having fine supported by spinous fin rays; -- said of certain fishes.
Spinel	Alt. of Spinelle
Spinelle	A mineral occuring in octahedrons of great hardness and various colors, as red, green, blue, brown, and black, the red variety being the gem spinel ruby. It consist essentially of alumina and magnesia, but commonly contains iron and sometimes also chromium.
Spinel	Bleached yarn in making the linen tape called inkle; unwrought inkle.
Spineless	Having no spine.
Spinescent	Becoming hard and thorny; tapering gradually to a rigid, leafless point; armed with spines.
Spinet	A keyed instrument of music resembling a harpsichord, but smaller, with one string of brass or steel wire to each note, sounded by means of leather or quill plectrums or jacks. It was formerly much used.
Spinet	A spinny.
Spinetail	Any one or several species of swifts of the genus Acanthylis, or Chaetura, and allied genera, in which the shafts of the tail feathers terminate in rigid spines.
Spinetail	Any one of several species of South American and Central American clamatorial birds belonging to Synallaxis and allied genera of the family Dendrocolaptidae. They are allied to the ovenbirds.
Spinetail	The ruddy duck.
Spine-tailed	Having the tail quills ending in sharp, naked tips.
Spineted	Slit; cleft.
Spiniferous	Producing spines; bearing thorns or spines; thorny; spiny.
Spiniform	Shaped like a spine.
Spinigerous	Bearing a spine or spines; thorn-bearing.
Spininess	Quality of being spiny.
Spinii-spirulate	Having spines arranged spirally. See Spicule.
Spink	The chaffinch.
Spinnaker	A large triangular sail set upon a boom, -- used when running before the wind.
Spinner	One who, or that which, spins one skilled in spinning; a spinning machine.
Spinner	A spider.
Spinner	A goatsucker; -- so called from the peculiar noise it makes when darting through the air.
Spinner	A spinneret.
Spinneret	One of the special jointed organs situated on the under side, and near the end, of the abdomen of spiders, by means of which they spin their webs. Most spiders have three pairs of spinnerets, but some have only two pairs. The ordinary silk line of the spider is composed of numerous smaller lines jointed after issuing from the spinnerets.
Spinnerule	One of the numerous small spinning tubes on the spinnerets of spiders.
Spinneys	of Spinney
Spinney	Same as Spinny.
Spinning	a. & n. from Spin.
Spinnies	of Spinny
Spinny	A small thicket or grove with undergrowth; a clump of trees.
Spinny	Thin and long; slim; slender.
Spinose	Full of spines; armed with thorns; thorny.
Spinosity	The quality or state of being spiny or thorny; spininess.
Spinous	Spinose; thorny.
Spinous	Having the form of a spine or thorn; spinelike.
Spinozism	The form of Pantheism taught by Benedict Spinoza, that there is but one substance, or infinite essence, in the universe, of which the so-called material and spiritual beings and phenomena are only modes, and that one this one substance is God.
Spinozist	A believer in Spinozism.
Spinster	A woman who spins, or whose occupation is to spin.
Spinster	A man who spins.
Spinster	An unmarried or single woman; -- used in legal proceedings as a title, or addition to the surname.
Spinster	A woman of evil life and character; -- so called from being forced to spin in a house of correction.
Spinstress	A woman who spins.
Spinstry	The business of one who spins; spinning.
Spinule	A minute spine.
Spinulescent	Having small spines; somewhat thorny.
Spinulose	Alt. of Spinulous
Spinulous	Covered with small spines.
Spiny	Full of spines; thorny; as, a spiny tree.
Spiny	Like a spine in shape; slender.
Spiny	Fig.: Abounding with difficulties or annoyances.
Spiny	See Spinny.
Spiodea	An extensive division of marine Annelida, including those that are without oral tentacles or cirri, and have the gills, when present, mostly arranged along the sides of the body. They generally live in burrows or tubes.
Spirable	Capable of being breathed; respirable.
Spiracle	The nostril, or one of the nostrils, of whales, porpoises, and allied animals.
Spiracle	One of the external openings communicating with the air tubes or tracheae of insects, myriapods, and arachnids. They are variable in number, and are usually situated on the sides of the thorax and abdomen, a pair to a segment. These openings are usually elliptical, and capable of being closed. See Illust. under Coleoptera.
Spiracle	A tubular orifice communicating with the gill cavity of certain ganoid and all elasmobranch fishes. It is the modified first gill cleft.
Spiracle	Any small aperture or vent for air or other fluid.
Spiracular	Of or pertaining to a spiracle.
Spiraea	A genus of shrubs or perennial herbs including the meadowsweet and the hardhack.
Spiraeic	Of, pertaining to, or derived from, the meadowsweet (Spiraea); formerly, designating an acid which is now called salicylic acid.
Spiral	Winding or circling round a center or pole and gradually receding from it; as, the spiral curve of a watch spring.
Spiral	Winding round a cylinder or imaginary axis, and at the same time rising or advancing forward; winding like the thread of a screw; helical.
Spiral	Of or pertaining to a spiral; like a spiral.
Spiral	A plane curve, not reentrant, described by a point, called the generatrix, moving along a straight line according to a mathematical law, while the line is revolving about a fixed point called the pole.  Cf. Helix.
Spiral	Anything which has a spiral form, as a spiral shell.
Spirality	The quality or states of being spiral.
Spirally	In a spiral form, manner, or direction.
Spiralozooid	One of the special defensive zooids of certain hydroids. They have the form of long, slender tentacles, and bear lasso cells.
Spirant	A term used differently by different authorities; -- by some as equivalent to fricative, -- that is, as including all the continuous consonants, except the nasals m, n, ng; with the further exception, by others, of the liquids r, l, and the semivowels w, y; by others limited to f, v, th surd and sonant, and the sound of German ch, -- thus excluding the sibilants, as well as the nasals, liquids, and semivowels. See Guide to Pronunciation, // 197-208.
Spiranthy	The occasional twisted growth of the parts of a flower.
Spiration	The act of breathing.
Spire	To breathe.
Spire	A slender stalk or blade in vegetation; as, a spire grass or of wheat.
Spire	A tapering body that shoots up or out to a point in a conical or pyramidal form. Specifically (Arch.), the roof of a tower when of a pyramidal form and high in proportion to its width; also, the pyramidal or aspiring termination of a tower which can not be said to have a roof, such as that of Strasburg cathedral; the tapering part of a steeple, or the steeple itself.
Spire	A tube or fuse for communicating fire to the chargen in blasting.
Spire	The top, or uppermost point, of anything; the summit.
Spired	of Spire
Spiring	of Spire
Spire	To shoot forth, or up in, or as if in, a spire.
Spire	A spiral; a curl; a whorl; a twist.
Spire	The part of a spiral generated in one revolution of the straight line about the pole. See Spiral, n.
Spired	Having a spire; being in the form of a spire; as, a spired steeple.
Spiricle	One of certain minute coiled threads in the coating of some seeds. When moistened these threads protrude in great numbers.
Spirifer	Any one of numerous species of fossil brachipods of the genus Spirifer, or Delthyris, and allied genera, in which the long calcareous supports of the arms form a large spiral, or helix, on each side.
Spirillum	A genus of common motile microorganisms (Spirobacteria) having the form of spiral-shaped filaments. One species is said to be the cause of relapsing fever.
Spiring	Shooting up in a spire or spires.
Spirit	Air set in motion by breathing; breath; hence, sometimes, life itself.
Spirit	A rough breathing; an aspirate, as the letter h; also, a mark to denote aspiration; a breathing.
Spirit	Life, or living substance, considered independently of corporeal existence; an intelligence conceived of apart from any physical organization or embodiment; vital essence, force, or energy, as distinct from matter.
Spirit	The intelligent, immaterial and immortal part of man; the soul, in distinction from the body in which it resides; the agent or subject of vital and spiritual functions, whether spiritual or material.
Spirit	Specifically, a disembodied soul; the human soul after it has left the body.
Spirit	Any supernatural being, good or bad; an apparition; a specter; a ghost; also, sometimes, a sprite,; a fairy; an elf.
Spirit	Energy, vivacity, ardor, enthusiasm, courage, etc.
Spirit	One who is vivacious or lively; one who evinces great activity or peculiar characteristics of mind or temper; as, a ruling spirit; a schismatic spirit.
Spirit	Temper or disposition of mind; mental condition or disposition; intellectual or moral state; -- often in the plural; as, to be cheerful, or in good spirits; to be downhearted, or in bad spirits.
Spirit	Intent; real meaning; -- opposed to the letter, or to formal statement; also, characteristic quality, especially such as is derived from the individual genius or the personal character; as, the spirit of an enterprise, of a document, or the like.
Spirit	Tenuous, volatile, airy, or vapory substance, possessed of active qualities.
Spirit	Any liquid produced by distillation; especially, alcohol, the spirits, or spirit, of wine (it having been first distilled from wine): -- often in the plural.
Spirit	Rum, whisky, brandy, gin, and other distilled liquors having much alcohol, in distinction from wine and malt liquors.
Spirit	A solution in alcohol of a volatile principle.  Cf. Tincture.
Spirit	Any one of the four substances, sulphur, sal ammoniac, quicksilver, or arsenic (or, according to some, orpiment).
Spirit	Stannic chloride. See under Stannic.
Spirited	of Spirit
Spiriting	of Spirit
Spirit	To animate with vigor; to excite; to encourage; to inspirit; as, civil dissensions often spirit the ambition of private men; -- sometimes followed by up.
Spirit	To convey rapidly and secretly, or mysteriously, as if by the agency of a spirit; to kidnap; -- often with away, or off.
Spiritally	By means of the breath.
Spirited	Animated or possessed by a spirit.
Spirited	Animated; full of life or vigor; lively; full of spirit or fire; as, a spirited oration; a spirited answer.
Spiritful	Full of spirit; spirited.
Spiritism	Spiritualsm.
Spiritist	A spiritualist.
Spiritless	Destitute of spirit; wanting animation; wanting cheerfulness; dejected; depressed.
Spiritless	Destitute of vigor; wanting life, courage, or fire.
Spiritless	Having no breath; extinct; dead.
Spiritoso	Spirited; spiritedly; -- a direction to perform a passage in an animated, lively manner.
Spiritous	Like spirit; refined; defecated; pure.
Spiritous	Ardent; active.
Spiritousness	Quality of being spiritous.
Spiritual	Consisting of spirit; not material; incorporeal; as, a spiritual substance or being.
Spiritual	Of or pertaining to the intellectual and higher endowments of the mind; mental; intellectual.
Spiritual	Of or pertaining to the moral feelings or states of the soul, as distinguished from the external actions; reaching and affecting the spirits.
Spiritual	Of or pertaining to the soul or its affections as influenced by the Spirit; controlled and inspired by the divine Spirit; proceeding from the Holy Spirit; pure; holy; divine; heavenly-minded; -- opposed to carnal.
Spiritual	Not lay or temporal; relating to sacred things; ecclesiastical; as, the spiritual functions of the clergy; lords spiritual and temporal; a spiritual corporation.
Spiritual	A spiritual function, office, or affair. See Spirituality, 2.
Spiritualism	The quality or state of being spiritual.
Spiritualism	The doctrine, in opposition to the materialists, that all which exists is spirit, or soul -- that what is called the external world is either a succession of notions impressed on the mind by the Deity, as maintained by Berkeley, or else the mere educt of the mind itself, as taught by Fichte.
Spiritualism	A belief that departed spirits hold intercourse with mortals by means of physical phenomena, as by rappng, or during abnormal mental states, as in trances, or the like, commonly manifested through a person of special susceptibility, called a medium; spiritism; the doctrines and practices of spiritualists.
Spiritualist	One who professes a regard for spiritual things only; one whose employment is of a spiritual character; an ecclesiastic.
Spiritualist	One who maintains the doctrine of spiritualism.
Spiritualist	One who believes in direct intercourse with departed spirits, through the agency of persons commonly called mediums, by means of physical phenomena; one who attempts to maintain such intercourse; a spiritist.
Spiritualist	Spiritualistic.
Spiritualistic	Relating to, or connected with, spiritualism.
Spiritualities	of Spirituality
Spirituality	The quality or state of being spiritual; incorporeality; heavenly-mindedness.
Spirituality	That which belongs to the church, or to a person as an ecclesiastic, or to religion, as distinct from temporalities.
Spirituality	An ecclesiastical body; the whole body of the clergy, as distinct from, or opposed to, the temporality.
Spiritualization	The act of spiritualizing, or the state of being spiritualized.
Spiritualized	of Spiritualize
Spiritualizing	of Spiritualize
Spiritualize	To refine intellectiually or morally; to purify from the corrupting influence of the world; to give a spiritual character or tendency to; as, to spiritualize soul.
Spiritualize	To give a spiritual meaning to; to take in a spiritual sense; -- opposed to literalize.
Spiritualize	To extract spirit from; also, to convert into, or impregnate with, spirit.
Spiritualizer	One who spiritualizes.
Spiritually	In a spiritual manner; with purity of spirit; like a spirit.
Spiritual-minded	Having the mind set on spiritual things, or filled with holy desires and affections.
Spiritualness	The quality or state of being spiritual or spiritual-minded; spirituality.
Spiritualty	An ecclesiastical body; a spirituality.
Spiritielle	Of the nature, or having the appearance, of a spirit; pure; refined; ethereal.
Spirituosity	The quality or state of being spirituous; spirituousness.
Spirituous	Having the quality of spirit; tenuous in substance, and having active powers or properties; ethereal; immaterial; spiritual; pure.
Spirituous	Containing, or of the nature of, alcoholic (esp. distilled) spirit; consisting of refined spirit; alcoholic; ardent; as, spirituous liquors.
Spirituous	Lively; gay; vivid; airy.
Spirituousness	The quality or state of being spirituous.
Spirketing	The planking from the waterways up to the port sills.
Spirling	Sparling.
Spirobacteria	See the Note under Microbacteria.
Spirochaeta	Alt. of Spirochaete
Spirochaete	A genus of Spirobacteria similar to Spirillum, but distinguished by its motility. One species, the Spirochaete Obermeyeri, is supposed to be the cause of relapsing fever.
Spirograph	An instrument for recording the respiratory movements, as the sphygmograph does those of the pulse.
Spirometer	An instrument for measuring the vital capacity of the lungs, or the volume of air which can be expelled from the chest after the deepest possible inspiration.  Cf. Pneumatometer.
Spirometry	The act or process of measuring the chest capacity by means of a spirometer.
Spiroscope	A wet meter used to determine the breathing capacity of the lungs.
Spiroylic	Alt. of Spiroylous
Spiroylous	Pertaining to, or designating, a substance now called salicylal.
Spirt	Same as Spurt.
Spirtle	To spirt in a scattering manner.
Spirula	A genus of cephalopods having a multilocular, internal, siphunculated shell in the form of a flat spiral, the coils of which are not in contact.
Spirulate	Having the color spots, or structural parts, arranged spirally.
Spiry	Of a spiral form; wreathed; curled; serpentine.
Spiry	Of or pertaining to a spire; like a spire, tall, slender, and tapering; abounding in spires; as, spiry turrets.
Spiss	Thick; crowded; compact; dense.
Spissated	Rendered dense or compact, as by evaporation; inspissated; thickened.
Spissitude	The quality or state of being spissated; as, the spissitude of coagulated blood, or of any coagulum.
Spit	A long, slender, pointed rod, usually of iron, for holding meat while roasting.
Spit	A small point of land running into the sea, or a long, narrow shoal extending from the shore into the sea; as, a spit of sand.
Spit	The depth to which a spade goes in digging; a spade; a spadeful.
Spitted	of Spit
Spitting	of Spit
Spit	To thrust a spit through; to fix upon a spit; hence, to thrust through or impale; as, to spit a loin of veal.
Spit	To spade; to dig.
Spit	To attend to a spit; to use a spit.
Spit	of Spit
Spat	of Spit
Spitting	of Spit
Spit	To eject from the mouth; to throw out, as saliva or other matter, from the mouth.
Spit	To eject; to throw out; to belch.
Spit	The secretion formed by the glands of the mouth; spitle; saliva; sputum.
Spit	To throw out saliva from the mouth.
Spit	To rain or snow slightly, or with sprinkles.
Spital	A hospital.
Spitalhouse	A hospital.
Spitball	Paper chewed, and rolled into a ball, to be thrown as a missile.
Spitbox	A vessel to receive spittle.
Spitchcock	To split (as an eel) lengthwise, and broil it, or fry it in hot fat.
Spitchcock	An eel split and broiled.
Spitchcocked	Broiled or fried after being split lengthwise; -- said of eels.
Spit curl	A little lock of hair, plastered in a spiral form on the temple or forehead with spittle, or other adhesive substance.
Spite	Ill-will or hatred toward another, accompanied with the disposition to irritate, annoy, or thwart; petty malice; grudge; rancor; despite.
Spite	Vexation; chargrin; mortification.
Spited	of Spite
Spiting	of Spite
Spite	To be angry at; to hate.
Spite	To treat maliciously; to try to injure or thwart.
Spite	To fill with spite; to offend; to vex.
Spiteful	Filled with, or showing, spite; having a desire to vex, annoy, or injure; malignant; malicious; as, a spiteful person or act.
Spitfire	A violent, irascible, or passionate person.
Spitfuls	of Spitful
Spitful	A spadeful.
Spitous	Having spite; spiteful.
Spitously	Spitefully.
Spitscocked	Spitchcocked.
Spitted	Put upon a spit; pierced as if by a spit.
Spitted	Shot out long; -- said of antlers.
Spitted	p. p. of Spit, v. i., to eject, to spit.
Spitter	One who ejects saliva from the mouth.
Spitter	One who puts meat on a spit.
Spitter	A young deer whose antlers begin to shoot or become sharp; a brocket, or pricket.
Spittle	See Spital.
Spittle	To dig or stir with a small spade.
Spittle	A small sort of spade.
Spittle	The thick, moist matter which is secreted by the salivary glands; saliva; spit.
Spittly	Like spittle; slimy.
Spittoon	A spitbox; a cuspidor.
Spit-venom	Poison spittle; poison ejected from the mouth.
Spitz dog	A breed of dogs having erect ears and long silky hair, usually white; -- called also Pomeranian dog, and louploup.
Spitzenburgh	A kind of red and yellow apple, of medium size and spicy flavor. It originated at Newtown, on Long Island.
Splanchnapophyses	of Splanchnapophysis
Splanchnapophysis	Any element of the skeleton in relation with the alimentary canal, as the jaws and hyoidean apparatus.
Splanchnic	Of or pertaining to the viscera; visceral.
Splanchnography	Splanchnology.
Splanchnology	That part of anatomy which treats of the viscera; also, a treatise on the viscera.
Splanchnopleure	The inner, or visceral, one of the two lamellae into which the vertebrate blastoderm divides on either side of the notochord, and from which the walls of the enteric canal and the umbilical vesicle are developed. See Somatopleure.
Splanchno-skeleton	That part of the skeleton connected with the sense organs and the viscera.
Splanchnotomy	The dissection, or anatomy, of the viscera.
Splandrel	See Spandrel.
Splashed	of Splash
Splashing	of Splash
Splash	To strike and dash about, as water, mud, etc.; to plash.
Splash	To spatter water, mud, etc., upon; to wet.
Splash	To strike and dash about water, mud, etc.; to dash in such a way as to spatter.
Splash	Water, or water and dirt, thrown upon anything, or thrown from a puddle or the like; also, a spot or daub, as of matter which wets or disfigures.
Splash	A noise made by striking upon or in a liquid.
Splashboard	A guard in the front part of vehicle, to prevent splashing by a mud or water from the horse's heels; -- in the United States commonly called dashboard.
Splasher	One who, or that which, splashes.
Splasher	One of the guarde over the wheels, as of a carriage, locomotive, etc.
Splasher	A guard to keep off splashes from anything.
Splashy	Full of dirty water; wet and muddy, so as be easily splashed about; slushy.
Splatter	To spatter; to splash.
Splatterdash	Uproar.
Splay	To display; to spread.
Splay	To dislocate, as a shoulder bone.
Splay	To spay; to castrate.
Splay	To turn on one side; to render oblique; to slope or slant, as the side of a door, window, etc.
Splay	Displayed; spread out; turned outward; hence, flat; ungainly; as, splay shoulders.
Splay	A slope or bevel, especially of the sides of a door or window, by which the opening is made larged at one face of the wall than at the other, or larger at each of the faces than it is between them.
Splayfeet	of Splayfoot
Splayfoot	A foot that is abnormally flattened and spread out; flat foot.
Splayfoot	Alt. of Splayfooted
Splayfooted	Having a splayfoot or splayfeet.
Splaymouths	of Splaymouth
Splaymouth	A wide mouth; a mouth stretched in derision.
Splaymouthed	Having a splaymouth.
Spleen	A peculiar glandlike but ductless organ found near the stomach or intestine of most vertebrates and connected with the vascular system; the milt. Its exact function in not known.
Spleen	Anger; latent spite; ill humor; malice; as, to vent one's spleen.
Spleen	A fit of anger; choler.
Spleen	A sudden motion or action; a fit; a freak; a whim.
Spleen	Melancholy; hypochondriacal affections.
Spleen	A fit of immoderate laughter or merriment.
Spleen	To dislke.
Spleened	Deprived of the spleen.
Spleened	Angered; annoyed.
Spleenful	Displaying, or affected with, spleen; angry; fretful; melancholy.
Spleenish	Spleeny; affected with spleen; fretful.
Spleenless	Having no spleen; hence, kind; gentle; mild.
Spleenwort	Any fern of the genus Asplenium, some species of which were anciently used as remedies for disorders of the spleen.
Spleeny	Irritable; peevish; fretful.
Spleeny	Affected with nervous complaints; melancholy.
Spleget	A cloth dipped in a liquid for washing a sore.
Splenalgia	Pain over the region of the spleen.
Splenculi	of Splenculus
Splenculus	A lienculus.
Splendent	Shining; glossy; beaming with light; lustrous; as, splendent planets; splendent metals. See the Note under 3d Luster, 4.
Splendent	Very conspicuous; illustrious.
Splendid	Possessing or displaying splendor; shining; very bright; as, a splendid sun.
Splendid	Showy; magnificent; sumptuous; pompous; as, a splendid palace; a splendid procession or pageant.
Splendid	Illustrious; heroic; brilliant; celebrated; famous; as, a splendid victory or reputation.
Splendidious	Splendid.
Splendidly	In a splendid manner; magnificently.
Splendidness	The quality of being splendid.
Splendidous	Splendid.
Splendiferous	Splendor-bearing; splendid.
Splendor	Great brightness; brilliant luster; brilliancy; as, the splendor ot the sun.
Splendor	Magnifience; pomp; parade; as, the splendor of equipage, ceremonies, processions, and the like.
Splendor	Brilliancy; glory; as, the splendor of a victory.
Splendrous	Alt. of Splendorous
Splendorous	Splendid.
Splenetic	Affected with spleen; malicious; spiteful; peevish; fretful.
Splenetic	A person affected with spleen.
Splenetical	Splenetic.
Splenetically	In a splenetical manner.
Splenial	Designating the splenial bone.
Splenial	Of or pertaining to the splenial bone or splenius muscle.
Splenial	The splenial bone.
Splenic	Of or pertaining to the spleen; lienal; as, the splenic vein.
Splenical	Splenic.
Splenish	Spleenish.
Splenitis	Inflammation of the spleen.
Splenitive	Splenetic.
Splenium	The thickened posterior border of the corpus callosum; -- so called in allusion to its shape.
Splenius	A flat muscle of the back of the neck.
Splenization	A morbid state of the lung produced by inflammation, in which its tissue resembles that of the spleen.
Splenocele	Hernia formed by the spleen.
Splenography	A description of the spleen.
Splenoid	Resembling the spleen; spleenlike.
Splenology	The branch of science which treats of the spleen.
Splenotomy	Dissection or anatomy of the spleen.
Splenotomy	An incision into the spleen; removal of the spleen by incision.
Splent	See Splent.
Splent	See Splent coal, below.
Spleuchan	A pouch, as for tobacco.
Spliced	of Splice
Splicing	of Splice
Splice	To unite, as two ropes, or parts of a rope, by a particular manner of interweaving the strands, -- the union being between two ends, or between an end and the body of a rope.
Splice	To unite, as spars, timbers, rails, etc., by lapping the two ends together, or by applying a piece which laps upon the two ends, and then binding, or in any way making fast.
Splice	To unite in marrige.
Splice	A junction or joining made by splicing.
Spline	A rectangular piece fitting grooves like key seats in a hub and a shaft, so that while the one may slide endwise on the other, both must revolve together; a feather; also, sometimes, a groove to receive such a rectangular piece.
Spline	A long, flexble piece of wood sometimes used as a ruler.
Splining	Of or pertaining to a spline.
Splint	A piece split off; a splinter.
Splint	A thin piece of wood, or other substance, used to keep in place, or protect, an injured part, especially a broken bone when set.
Splint	A splint bone.
Splint	A disease affecting the splint bones, as a callosity or hard excrescence.
Splint	One of the small plates of metal used in making splint armor. See Splint armor, below.
Splint	Splint, or splent, coal. See Splent coal, under Splent.
Splinted	of Splint
Splinting	of Splint
Splint	To split into splints, or thin, slender pieces; to splinter; to shiver.
Splint	To fasten or confine with splints, as a broken limb. See Splint, n., 2.
Splintered	of Splinter
Splintering	of Splinter
Splinter	To split or rend into long, thin pieces; to shiver; as, the lightning splinters a tree.
Splinter	To fasten or confine with splinters, or splints, as a broken limb.
Splinter	To become split into long pieces.
Splinter	A thin piece split or rent off lengthwise, as from wood, bone, or other solid substance; a thin piece; a sliver; as, splinters of a ship's mast rent off by a shot.
Splinterproof	Proof against the splinters, or fragments, of bursting shells.
Splintery	Consisting of splinters; resembling splinters; as, the splintery fracture of a mineral.
Split	of Split
Splitted	of Split
Splitting	of Split
Split	To divide lengthwise; to separate from end to end, esp. by force; to divide in the direction of the grain layers; to rive; to cleave; as, to split a piece of timber or a board; to split a gem; to split a sheepskin.
Split	To burst; to rupture; to rend; to tear asunder.
Split	To divide or break up into parts or divisions, as by discord; to separate into parts or parties, as a political party; to disunite.
Split	To divide or separate into components; -- often used with up; as, to split up sugar into alcohol and carbonic acid.
Split	To part asunder; to be rent; to burst; as, vessels split by the freezing of water in them.
Split	To be broken; to be dashed to pieces.
Split	To separate into parties or factions.
Split	To burst with laughter.
Split	To divulge a secret; to betray confidence; to peach.
Split	to divide one hand of blackjack into two hands, allowed when the first two cards dealt to a player have the same value.
Split	A crack, or longitudinal fissure.
Split	A breach or separation, as in a political party; a division.
Split	A piece that is split off, or made thin, by splitting; a splinter; a fragment.
Split	Specif (Leather Manuf.), one of the sections of a skin made by dividing it into two or more thicknesses.
Split	A division of a stake happening when two cards of the kind on which the stake is laid are dealt in the same turn.
Split	the substitution of more than one share of a corporation's stock for one share.  The market price of the stock usually drops in proportion to the increase in outstanding shares of stock. The split may be in any ratio, as a two-for-one split; a three-for-two split.
Split	the division by a player of one hand of blackjack into two hands, allowed when the first two cards dealt to a player have the same value; the player is usually obliged to increase the amount wagered by placing a sum equal to the original bet on the new hand thus created.
Split	Divided; cleft.
Split	Divided deeply; cleft.
Splitfeet	The Fissipedia.
Split-tail	A california market fish (Pogonichthys macrolepidotus) belonging to the Carp family.
Split-tail	The pintail duck.
Splitter	One who, or that which, splits.
Split-tongued	Having a forked tongue, as that of snakes and some lizards.
Splotch	A spot; a stain; a daub.
Splotchy	Covered or marked with splotches.
Splurge	A blustering demonstration, or great effort; a great display.
Splurge	To make a great display in any way, especially in oratory.
Spluttered	of Splutter
Spluttering	of Splutter
Splutter	To speak hastily and confusedly; to sputter.
Splutter	A confused noise, as of hasty speaking.
Splutterer	One who splutters.
Spodomancy	Divination by means of ashes.
Spodomantic	Relating to spodomancy, or divination by means of ashes.
Spodumene	A mineral of a white to yellowish, purplish, or emerald-green color, occuring in prismatic crystals, often of great size. It is a silicate of aluminia and lithia. See Hiddenite.
Spoffish	Earnest and active in matters of no moment; bustling.
Spoiled	of Spoil
Spoilt	of Spoil
Spoiling	of Spoil
Spoil	To plunder; to strip by violence; to pillage; to rob; -- with of before the name of the thing taken; as, to spoil one of his goods or possession.
Spoil	To seize by violence;; to take by force; to plunder.
Spoil	To cause to decay and perish; to corrput; to vitiate; to mar.
Spoil	To render useless by injury; to injure fatally; to ruin; to destroy; as, to spoil paper; to have the crops spoiled by insects; to spoil the eyes by reading.
Spoil	To practice plunder or robbery.
Spoil	To lose the valuable qualities; to be corrupted; to decay; as, fruit will soon spoil in warm weather.
Spoil	That which is taken from another by violence; especially, the plunder taken from an enemy; pillage; booty.
Spoil	Public offices and their emoluments regarded as the peculiar property of a successful party or faction, to be bestowed for its own advantage; -- commonly in the plural; as to the victor belong the spoils.
Spoil	That which is gained by strength or effort.
Spoil	The act or practice of plundering; robbery; aste.
Spoil	Corruption; cause of corruption.
Spoil	The slough, or cast skin, of a serpent or other animal.
Spoilable	Capable of being spoiled.
Spoiler	One who spoils; a plunderer; a pillager; a robber; a despoiler.
Spoiler	One who corrupts, mars, or renders useless.
Spoilfive	A certain game at cards in which, if no player wins three of the five tricks possible on any deal, the game is said to be spoiled.
Spoilful	Wasteful; rapacious.
Spoilsmen	of Spoilsman
Spoilsman	One who serves a cause or a party for a share of the spoils; in United States politics, one who makes or recognizes a demand for public office on the ground of partisan service; also, one who sanctions such a policy in appointments to the public service.
Spoilsmonger	One who promises or distributes public offices and their emoluments as the price of services to a party or its leaders.
Spoke	imp. of Speak.
Spoke	The radius or ray of a wheel; one of the small bars which are inserted in the hub, or nave, and which serve to support the rim or felly.
Spoke	A projecting handle of a steering wheel.
Spoke	A rung, or round, of a ladder.
Spoke	A contrivance for fastening the wheel of a vehicle, to prevent it from turning in going down a hill.
Spoked	of Spoke
Spoking	of Spoke
Spoke	To furnish with spokes, as a wheel.
Spoken	Uttered in speech; delivered by word of mouth; oral; as, a spoken narrative; the spoken word.
Spoken	Characterized by a certain manner or style in speaking; -- often in composition; as, a pleasant-spoken man.
Spokeshave	A kind of drawing knife or planing tool for dressing the spokes of wheels, the shells of blocks, and other curved work.
Spokesmen	of Spokesman
Spokesman	One who speaks for another.
Spoliated	of Spoliate
Spoliating	of Spoliate
Spoliate	To plunder; to pillage; to despoil; to rob.
Spoliation	The act of plundering; robbery; deprivation; despoliation.
Spoliation	Robbery or plunder in war; especially, the authorized act or practice of plundering neutrals at sea.
Spoliation	The act of an incumbent in taking the fruits of his benefice without right, but under a pretended title.
Spoliation	A process for possession of a church in a spiritual court.
Spoliation	Injury done to a document.
Spoliative	Serving to take away, diminish, or rob; esp. (Med.), serving to diminish sensibily the amount of blood in the body; as, spoliative bloodletting.
Spoliator	One who spoliates; a spoiler.
Spoliatory	Tending to spoil; destructive; spoliative.
Spondaic	Alt. of Spondaical
Spondaical	Or of pertaining to a spondee; consisting of spondees.
Spondaical	Containing spondees in excess; marked by spondees; as, a spondaic hexameter, i. e., one which has a spondee instead of a dactyl in the fifth foot.
Spondee	A poetic foot of two long syllables, as in the Latin word leges.
Spondulics	Money.
Spondyl	Alt. of Spondyle
Spondyle	A joint of the backbone; a vertebra.
Spong	An irregular, narrow, projecting part of a field.
Sponge	Any one of numerous species of Spongiae, or Porifera. See Illust. and Note under Spongiae.
Sponge	The elastic fibrous skeleton of many species of horny Spongiae (keratosa), used for many purposes, especially the varieties of the genus Spongia. The most valuable sponges are found in the Mediterranean and the Red Sea, and on the coasts of Florida and the West Indies.
Sponge	One who lives upon others; a pertinaceous and indolent dependent; a parasite; a sponger.
Sponge	Any spongelike substance.
Sponge	Dough before it is kneaded and formed into loaves, and after it is converted into a light, spongy mass by the agency of the yeast or leaven.
Sponge	Iron from the puddling furnace, in a pasty condition.
Sponge	Iron ore, in masses, reduced but not melted or worked.
Sponge	A mop for cleaning the bore of a cannon after a discharge. It consists of a cylinder of wood, covered with sheepskin with the wool on, or cloth with a heavy looped nap, and having a handle, or staff.
Sponge	The extremity, or point, of a horseshoe, answering to the heel.
Sponged	of Sponge
Sponging	of Sponge
Sponge	To cleanse or wipe with a sponge; as, to sponge a slate or a cannon; to wet with a sponge; as, to sponge cloth.
Sponge	To wipe out with a sponge, as letters or writing; to efface; to destroy all trace of.
Sponge	Fig.: To deprive of something by imposition.
Sponge	Fig.: To get by imposition or mean arts without cost; as, to sponge a breakfast.
Sponge	To suck in, or imbile, as a sponge.
Sponge	Fig.: To gain by mean arts, by intrusion, or hanging on; as, an idler sponges on his neighbor.
Sponge	To be converted, as dough, into a light, spongy mass by the agency of yeast, or leaven.
Spongelet	See Spongiole.
Spongeous	Resembling sponge; having the nature or qualities of sponge.
Sponger	One who sponges, or uses a sponge.
Sponger	One employed in gathering sponges.
Sponger	Fig.: A parasitical dependent; a hanger-on.
Spongiae	The grand division of the animal kingdom which includes the sponges; -- called also Spongida, Spongiaria, Spongiozoa, and Porifera.
Spongida	Spongiae.
Spongiform	Resembling a sponge; soft and porous; porous.
Spongilla	A genus of siliceous spongea found in fresh water.
Spongin	The chemical basis of sponge tissue, a nitrogenous, hornlike substance which on decomposition with sulphuric acid yields leucin and glycocoll.
Sponginess	The quality or state of being spongy.
Sponging	a. & n. from Sponge, v.
Spongiole	A supposed spongelike expansion of the tip of a rootlet for absorbing water; -- called also spongelet.
Spongiolite	One of the microsporic siliceous spicules which occur abundantly in the texture of sponges, and are sometimes found fossil, as in flints.
Spongiopilin	A kind of cloth interwoven with small pieces of sponge and rendered waterproof on one side by a covering of rubber. When moistend with hot water it is used as a poultice.
Spongiose	Alt. of Spongious
Spongious	Somewhat spongy; spongelike; full of small cavities like sponge; as, spongious bones.
Spongiozoa	See Sponglae.
Spongoblast	One of the cells which, in sponges, secrete the spongin, or the material of the horny fibers.
Spongoid	Resembling sponge; like sponge.
Spongy	Soft, and full of cavities; of an open, loose, pliable texture; as, a spongy excrescence; spongy earth; spongy cake; spongy bones.
Spongy	Wet; drenched; soaked and soft, like sponge; rainy.
Spongy	Having the quality of imbibing fluids, like a sponge.
Sponk	See Spunk.
Sponsal	Relating to marriage, or to a spouse; spousal.
Sponsible	responsible; worthy of credit.
Sponsion	The act of becoming surety for another.
Sponsion	An act or engagement on behalf of a state, by an agent not specially authorized for the purpose, or by one who exceeds the limits of authority.
Sponsional	Of or pertaining to a pledge or agreement; responsible.
Sponson	One of the triangular platforms in front of, and abaft, the paddle boxes of a steamboat.
Sponson	One of the slanting supports under the guards of a steamboat.
Sponson	One of the armored projections fitted with gun ports, used on modern war vessels.
Sponsor	One who binds himself to answer for another, and is responsible for his default; a surety.
Sponsor	One who at the baptism of an infant professore the christian faith in its name, and guarantees its religious education; a godfather or godmother.
Spnsorial	Pertaining to a sponsor.
Sponsorship	State of being a sponsor.
Spontaneities	of Spontaneity
Spontaneity	The quality or state of being spontaneous, or acting from native feeling, proneness, or temperament, without constraint or external force.
Spontaneity	The tendency to undergo change, characteristic of both animal and vegetable organisms, and not restrained or cheked by the environment.
Spontaneity	The tendency to activity of muscular tissue, including the voluntary muscles, when in a state of healthful vigor and refreshment.
Spontaneous	Proceding from natural feeling, temperament, or disposition, or from a native internal proneness, readiness, or tendency, without constraint; as, a spontaneous gift or proportion.
Spontaneous	Proceeding from, or acting by, internal impulse, energy, or natural law, without external force; as, spontaneous motion; spontaneous growth.
Spontaneous	Produced without being planted, or without human labor; as, a spontaneous growth of wood.
Spontoon	A kind of half-pike, or halberd, formerly borne by inferior officers of the British infantry, and used in giving signals to the soldiers.
Spook	A spirit; a ghost; an apparition; a hobgoblin.
Spook	The chimaera.
Spool	A piece of cane or red with a knot at each end, or a hollow cylinder of wood with a ridge at each end, used to wind thread or yarn upon.
Spooled	of Spool
Spooling	of Spool
Spool	To wind on a spool or spools.
Spooler	One who, or that which, spools.
Spoom	To be driven steadily and swiftly, as before a strong wind; to be driven before the wind without any sail, or with only a part of the sails spread; to scud under bare poles.
Spoon	See Spoom.
Spoon	An implement consisting of a small bowl (usually a shallow oval) with a handle, used especially in preparing or eating food.
Spoon	Anything which resembles a spoon in shape; esp. (Fishing), a spoon bait.
Spoon	Fig.: A simpleton; a spooney.
Spoon	To take up in, or as in, a spoon.
Spoon	To act with demonstrative or foolish fondness, as one in love.
Spoonbill	Any one of several species of wading birds of the genera Ajaja and Platalea, and allied genera, in which the long bill is broadly expanded and flattened at the tip.
Spoonbill	The shoveler. See Shoveler, 2.
Spoonbill	The ruddy duck. See under Ruddy.
Spoonbill	The paddlefish.
Spoon-billed	Having the bill expanded and spatulate at the end.
Spoondrift	Spray blown from the tops waves during a gale at sea; also, snow driven in the wind at sea; -- written also spindrift.
Spooney	Weak-minded; demonstratively fond; as, spooney lovers.
Spooneye	of Spooney
Spooney	A weak-minded or silly person; one who is foolishly fond.
Spoonfuls	of Spoonful
Spoonful	The quantity which a spoon contains, or is able to contain; as, a teaspoonful; a tablespoonful.
Spoonful	Hence, a small quantity.
Spoonily	In a spoony manner.
Spoon-meat	Food that is, or must be, taken with a spoon; liquid food.
Spoonwood	The mountain laurel (Kalmia latifolia).
Spoonworm	A gephyrean worm of the genus Thalassema, having a spoonlike probiscis.
Spoonwort	Scurvy grass.
Spoony	Same as Spooney.
Spoor	The track or trail of any wild animal; as, the spoor of an elephant; -- used originally by travelers in South Africa.
Spoor	To follow a spoor or trail.
Sporades	Stars not included in any constellation; -- called also informed, or unformed, stars.
Sporadial	Sporadic.
Sporadic	Occuring singly, or apart from other things of the same kind, or in scattered instances; separate; single; as, a sporadic fireball; a sporadic case of disease; a sporadic example of a flower.
Sporadical	Sporadic.
Sporadically	In a sporadic manner.
Sporangiophore	The axis or receptacle in certain ferns (as Trichomanes), which bears the sporangia.
Sporangia	of Sporangium
Sporangium	A spore case in the cryptogamous plants, as in ferns, etc.
Spore	One of the minute grains in flowerless plants, which are analogous to seeds, as serving to reproduce the species.
Spore	An embryo sac or embryonal vesicle in the ovules of flowering plants.
Spore	A minute grain or germ; a small, round or ovoid body, formed in certain organisms, and by germination giving rise to a new organism; as, the reproductive spores of bacteria, etc.
Spore	One of the parts formed by fission in certain Protozoa. See Spore formation, belw.
Sporid	A sporidium.
Sporidiferous	Bearing sporidia.
Sporidia	of Sporidium
Sporidium	A secondary spore, or a filament produced from a spore, in certain kinds of minute fungi.
Sporidium	A spore.
Sporiferous	Bearing or producing spores.
Sporification	Spore formation. See Spore formation (b), under Spore.
Sporocarp	A closed body or conceptacle containing one or more masses of spores or sporangia.
Sporocarp	A sporangium.
Sporocyst	An asexual zooid, usually forming one of a series of larval forms in the agamic reproduction of various trematodes and other parasitic worms. The sporocyst generally develops from an egg, but in its turn produces other larvae by internal budding, or by the subdivision of a part or all of its contents into a number of minute germs. See Redia.
Sporocyst	Any protozoan when it becomes encysted produces germs by sporulation.
Sporogenesis	reproduction by spores.
Sporogony	The growth or development of an animal or a zooid from a nonsexual germ.
Sporophore	A placenta.
Sporophore	That alternately produced form of certain cryptogamous plants, as ferns, mosses, and the like, which is nonsexual, but produces spores in countless numbers. In ferns it is the leafy plant, in mosses the capsule.  Cf. Oophore.
Sporophoric	Having the nature of a sporophore.
Sporosac	A hydrozoan reproductive zooid or gonophore which does not become medusoid in form or structure. See Illust. under Athecata.
Sporosac	An early or simple larval stage of trematode worms and some other invertebrates, which is capable or reproducing other germs by asexual generation; a nurse; a redia.
Sporozoa	An extensive division of parasitic Protozoa, which increase by sporulation. It includes the Gregarinida.
Sporozoid	Same as Zoospore.
Sporran	A large purse or pouch made of skin with the hair or fur on, worn in front of the kilt by Highlanders when in full dress.
Sport	That which diverts, and makes mirth; pastime; amusement.
Sport	Mock; mockery; contemptuous mirth; derision.
Sport	That with which one plays, or which is driven about in play; a toy; a plaything; an object of mockery.
Sport	Play; idle jingle.
Sport	Diversion of the field, as fowling, hunting, fishing, racing, games, and the like, esp. when money is staked.
Sport	A plant or an animal, or part of a plant or animal, which has some peculiarity not usually seen in the species; an abnormal variety or growth. See Sporting plant, under Sporting.
Sport	A sportsman; a gambler.
Sported	of Sport
Sporting	of Sport
Sport	To play; to frolic; to wanton.
Sport	To practice the diversions of the field or the turf; to be given to betting, as upon races.
Sport	To trifle.
Sport	To assume suddenly a new and different character from the rest of the plant or from the type of the species; -- said of a bud, shoot, plant, or animal. See Sport, n., 6.
Sport	To divert; to amuse; to make merry; -- used with the reciprocal pronoun.
Sport	To represent by any knd of play.
Sport	To exhibit, or bring out, in public; to use or wear; as, to sport a new equipage.
Sport	To give utterance to in a sportive manner; to throw out in an easy and copious manner; -- with off; as, to sport off epigrams.
Sportability	Sportiveness.
Sportal	Of or pertaining to sports; used in sports.
Sporter	One who sports; a sportsman.
Sportful	Full of sport; merry; frolicsome; full of jesting; indulging in mirth or play; playful; wanton; as, a sportful companion.
Sportful	Done in jest, or for mere play; sportive.
Sporting	Of pertaining to, or engaging in, sport or sporrts; exhibiting the character or conduct of one who, or that which, sports.
Sportingly	In sport; sportively.
Sportive	Tending to, engaged in, or provocate of, sport; gay; froliscome; playful; merry.
Sportless	Without sport or mirth; joyless.
Sportling	A little person or creature engaged in sports or in play.
Sportsmen	of Sportsman
Sportsman	One who pursues the sports of the field; one who hunts, fishes, etc.
Sportsmanship	The practice of sportsmen; skill in field sports.
Sportulae	of Sportula
Sportula	A gift; a present; a prize; hence, an alms; a largess.
Sportulary	Subsisting on alms or charitable contributions.
Sportule	A charitable gift or contribution; a gift; an alms; a dole; a largess; a sportula.
Sporulation	The act or process of forming spores; spore formation. See Illust. of Bacillus, b.
Sporule	A small spore; a spore.
Sporuliferous	Producing sporules.
Spot	A mark on a substance or body made by foreign matter; a blot; a place discolored.
Spot	A stain on character or reputation; something that soils purity; disgrace; reproach; fault; blemish.
Spot	A small part of a different color from the main part, or from the ground upon which it is; as, the spots of a leopard; the spots on a playing card.
Spot	A small extent of space; a place; any particular place.
Spot	A variety of the common domestic pigeon, so called from a spot on its head just above its beak.
Spot	A sciaenoid food fish (Liostomus xanthurus) of the Atlantic coast of the United States. It has a black spot behind the shoulders and fifteen oblique dark bars on the sides. Called also goody, Lafayette, masooka, and old wife.
Spot	The southern redfish, or red horse, which has a spot on each side at the base of the tail. See Redfish.
Spot	Commodities, as merchandise and cotton, sold for immediate delivery.
Spotted	of Spot
Spotting	of Spot
Spot	To make visible marks upon with some foreign matter; to discolor in or with spots; to stain; to cover with spots or figures; as, to spot a garnment; to spot paper.
Spot	To mark or note so as to insure recognition; to recognize; to detect; as, to spot a criminal.
Spot	To stain; to blemish; to taint; to disgrace; to tarnish, as reputation; to asperse.
Spot	To become stained with spots.
Spotless	Without a spot; especially, free from reproach or impurity; pure; untainted; innocent; as, a spotless mind; spotless behavior.
Spotted	Marked with spots; as, a spotted garment or character.
Spottedness	State or quality of being spotted.
Spotter	One who spots.
Spottiness	The state or quality of being spotty.
Spotty	Full of spots; marked with spots.
Spousage	Espousal.
Spousal	Of or pertaining to a spouse or marriage; nuptial; matrimonial; conjugal; bridal; as, spousal rites; spousal ornaments.
Spousal	Marriage; nuptials; espousal; -- generally used in the plural; as, the spousals of Hippolita.
Spouse	A man or woman engaged or joined in wedlock; a married person, husband or wife.
Spouse	A married man, in distinct from a spousess or married woman; a bridegroom or husband.
Spouse	To wed; to espouse.
Spouse-breach	Adultery.
Spouseless	Destitute of a spouse; unmarried.
Spousess	A wife or bride.
Spouted	of Spout
Spouting	of Spout
Spout	To throw out forcibly and abudantly, as liquids through an office or a pipe; to eject in a jet; as, an elephant spouts water from his trunk.
Spout	To utter magniloquently; to recite in an oratorical or pompous manner.
Spout	To pawn; to pledge; as, spout a watch.
Spout	To issue with with violence, or in a jet, as a liquid through a narrow orifice, or from a spout; as, water spouts from a hole; blood spouts from an artery.
Spout	To eject water or liquid in a jet.
Spout	To utter a speech, especially in a pompous manner.
Spout	That through which anything spouts; a discharging lip, pipe, or orifice; a tube, pipe, or conductor of any kind through which a liquid is poured, or by which it is conveyed in a stream from one place to another; as, the spout of a teapot; a spout for conducting water from the roof of a building.
Spout	A trough for conducting grain, flour, etc., into a receptacle.
Spout	A discharge or jet of water or other liquid, esp. when rising in a column; also, a waterspout.
Spouter	One who, or that which, spouts.
Spoutfish	A marine animal that spouts water; -- applied especially to certain bivalve mollusks, like the long clams (Mya), which spout, or squirt out, water when retiring into their holes.
Spoutless	Having no spout.
Spoutshell	Any marine gastropod shell of the genus Apporhais having an elongated siphon. See Illust. under Rostrifera.
Sprack	Quick; lively; alert.
Sprad	p. p. of Spread.
Spradde	imp. of Spread.
Sprag	A young salmon.
Sprag	A billet of wood; a piece of timber used as a prop.
Spragged	of Sprag
Spragging	of Sprag
Sprag	To check the motion of, as a carriage on a steep grade, by putting a sprag between the spokes of the wheel.
Sprag	To prop or sustain with a sprag.
Sprag	See Sprack, a.
Sprained	of Sprain
Spraining	of Sprain
Sprain	To weaken, as a joint, ligament, or muscle, by sudden and excessive exertion, as by wrenching; to overstrain, or stretch injuriously, but without luxation; as, to sprain one's ankle.
Sprain	The act or result of spraining; lameness caused by spraining; as, a bad sprain of the wrist.
Spraints	The dung of an otter.
Sprang	imp. of Spring.
Sprat	A small European herring (Clupea sprattus) closely allied to the common herring and the pilchard; -- called also garvie. The name is also applied to small herring of different kinds.
Sprat	A California surf-fish (Rhacochilus toxotes); -- called also alfione, and perch.
Sprawled	of Sprawl
Sprawling	of Sprawl
Sprawl	To spread and stretch the body or limbs carelessly in a horizontal position; to lie with the limbs stretched out ungracefully.
Sprawl	To spread irregularly, as vines, plants, or tress; to spread ungracefully, as chirography.
Sprawl	To move, when lying down, with awkward extension and motions of the limbs; to scramble in creeping.
Srawls	Small branches of a tree; twigs; sprays.
Spray	A small shoot or branch; a twig.
Spray	A collective body of small branches; as, the tree has a beautiful spray.
Spray	A side channel or branch of the runner of a flask, made to distribute the metal in all parts of the mold.
Spray	A group of castings made in the same mold and connected by sprues formed in the runner and its branches.
Spray	Water flying in small drops or particles, as by the force of wind, or the dashing of waves, or from a waterfall, and the like.
Spray	A jet of fine medicated vapor, used either as an application to a diseased part or to charge the air of a room with a disinfectant or a deodorizer.
Spray	An instrument for applying such a spray; an atomizer.
Spray	To let fall in the form of spray.
Spray	To throw spray upon; to treat with a liquid in the form of spray; as, to spray a wound, or a surgical instrument, with carbolic acid.
Sprayboard	See Dashboard, n., 2 (b).
Spread	of Spread
Spreading	of Spread
Spread	To extend in length and breadth, or in breadth only; to stretch or expand to a broad or broader surface or extent; to open; to unfurl; as, to spread a carpet; to spread a tent or a sail.
Spread	To extend so as to cover something; to extend to a great or grater extent in every direction; to cause to fill or cover a wide or wider space.
Spread	To divulge; to publish, as news or fame; to cause to be more extensively known; to disseminate; to make known fully; as, to spread a report; -- often acompanied by abroad.
Spread	To propagate; to cause to affect great numbers; as, to spread a disease.
Spread	To diffuse, as emanations or effluvia; to emit; as, odoriferous plants spread their fragrance.
Spread	To strew; to scatter over a surface; as, to spread manure; to spread lime on the ground.
Spread	To prepare; to set and furnish with provisions; as, to spread a table.
Spread	To extend in length and breadth in all directions, or in breadth only; to be extended or stretched; to expand.
Spread	To be extended by drawing or beating; as, some metals spread with difficulty.
Spread	To be made known more extensively, as news.
Spread	To be propagated from one to another; as, the disease spread into all parts of the city.
Spread	Extent; compass.
Spread	Expansion of parts.
Spread	A cloth used as a cover for a table or a bed.
Spread	A table, as spread or furnished with a meal; hence, an entertainment of food; a feast.
Spread	A privilege which one person buys of another, of demanding certain shares of stock at a certain price, or of delivering the same shares of stock at another price, within a time agreed upon.
Spread	An unlimited expanse of discontinuous points.
Spread	imp. & p. p. of Spread, v.
Spread-eagle	Characterized by a pretentious, boastful, exaggerated style; defiantly or extravagantly bombastic; as, a spread-eagle orator; a spread-eagle speech.
Spreader	One who, or that which, spreads, expands, or propogates.
Spreader	A machine for combining and drawing fibers of flax to form a sliver preparatory to spinning.
Spreadingly	Increasingly.
Sprechery	Movables of an inferior description; especially, such as have been collected by depredation.
Spree	A merry frolic; especially, a drinking frolic; a carousal.
Sprenge	To sprinkle; to scatter.
Sprengel pump	A form of air pump in which exhaustion is produced by a stream of mercury running down a narrow tube, in the manner of an aspirator; -- named from the inventor.
Sprent	p. p. of Sprenge. Sprinkled.
Sprew	Thrush.
Spreynd	p. p. of Sprenge. Sprinkled.
Sprig	A small shoot or twig of a tree or other plant; a spray; as, a sprig of laurel or of parsley.
Sprig	A youth; a lad; -- used humorously or in slight disparagement.
Sprig	A brad, or nail without a head.
Sprig	A small eyebolt ragged or barbed at the point.
Sprigged	of Sprig
Sprigging	of Sprig
Sprig	To mark or adorn with the representation of small branches; to work with sprigs; as, to sprig muslin.
Sprigged	Having sprigs.
Spriggy	Full of sprigs or small branches.
Spright	Spirit; mind; soul; state of mind; mood.
Spright	A supernatural being; a spirit; a shade; an apparition; a ghost.
Spright	A kind of short arrow.
Spright	To haunt, as a spright.
Sprightful	Full of spirit or of life; earnest; vivacious; lively; brisk; nimble; gay.
Sprightless	Destitute of life; dull; sluggish.
Sprightliness	The quality or state of being sprightly; liveliness; life; briskness; vigor; activity; gayety; vivacity.
Sprightly	Sprightlike, or spiritlike; lively; brisk; animated; vigorous; airy; gay; as, a sprightly youth; a sprightly air; a sprightly dance.
Sprigtail	The pintail duck; -- called also sprig, and spreet-tail.
Sprigtail	The sharp-tailed grouse.
Sprang	of Spring
Sprung	of Spring
Sprung	of Spring
Springing	of Spring
Spring	To leap; to bound; to jump.
Spring	To issue with speed and violence; to move with activity; to dart; to shoot.
Spring	To start or rise suddenly, as from a covert.
Spring	To fly back; as, a bow, when bent, springs back by its elastic power.
Spring	To bend from a straight direction or plane surface; to become warped; as, a piece of timber, or a plank, sometimes springs in seasoning.
Spring	To shoot up, out, or forth; to come to the light; to begin to appear; to emerge; as a plant from its seed, as streams from their source, and the like; -often followed by up, forth, or out.
Spring	To issue or proceed, as from a parent or ancestor; to result, as from a cause, motive, reason, or principle.
Spring	To grow; to prosper.
Spring	To cause to spring up; to start or rouse, as game; to cause to rise from the earth, or from a covert; as, to spring a pheasant.
Spring	To produce or disclose suddenly or unexpectedly.
Spring	To cause to explode; as, to spring a mine.
Spring	To crack or split; to bend or strain so as to weaken; as, to spring a mast or a yard.
Spring	To cause to close suddenly, as the parts of a trap operated by a spring; as, to spring a trap.
Spring	To bend by force, as something stiff or strong; to force or put by bending, as a beam into its sockets, and allowing it to straighten when in place; -- often with in, out, etc.; as, to spring in a slat or a bar.
Spring	To pass over by leaping; as, to spring a fence.
Spring	A leap; a bound; a jump.
Spring	A flying back; the resilience of a body recovering its former state by elasticity; as, the spring of a bow.
Spring	Elastic power or force.
Spring	An elastic body of any kind, as steel, India rubber, tough wood, or compressed air, used for various mechanical purposes, as receiving and imparting power, diminishing concussion, regulating motion, measuring weight or other force.
Spring	Any source of supply; especially, the source from which a stream proceeds; as issue of water from the earth; a natural fountain.
Spring	Any active power; that by which action, or motion, is produced or propagated; cause; origin; motive.
Spring	That which springs, or is originated, from a source;
Spring	A race; lineage.
Spring	A youth; a springal.
Spring	A shoot; a plant; a young tree; also, a grove of trees; woodland.
Spring	That which causes one to spring; specifically, a lively tune.
Spring	The season of the year when plants begin to vegetate and grow; the vernal season, usually comprehending the months of March, April, and May, in the middle latitudes north of the equator.
Spring	The time of growth and progress; early portion; first stage.
Spring	A crack or fissure in a mast or yard, running obliquely or transversely.
Spring	A line led from a vessel's quarter to her cable so that by tightening or slacking it she can be made to lie in any desired position; a line led diagonally from the bow or stern of a vessel to some point upon the wharf to which she is moored.
Springal	Alt. of Springall
Springald	Alt. of Springall
Springall	An active, springly young man.
Springal	An ancient military engine for casting stones and arrows by means of a spring.
Springboard	An elastic board, secured at the ends, or at one end, often by elastic supports, used in performing feats of agility or in exercising.
Springbok	Alt. of Springbuck
Springbuck	A South African gazelle (Gazella euchore) noted for its graceful form and swiftness, and for its peculiar habit of springing lighty and suddenly into the air. It has a white dorsal stripe, expanding into a broad patch of white on the rump and tail. Called also springer.
Springe	A noose fastened to an elastic body, and drawn close with a sudden spring, whereby it catches a bird or other animal; a gin; a snare.
Springe	To catch in a springe; to insnare.
Springe	To sprinkle; to scatter.
Springer	One who, or that which, springs; specifically, one who rouses game.
Springer	A young plant.
Springer	The impost, or point at which an arch rests upon its support, and from which it seems to spring.
Springer	The bottom stone of an arch, which lies on the impost. The skew back is one form of springer.
Springer	The rib of a groined vault, as being the solid abutment for each section of vaulting.
Springer	The grampus.
Springer	A variety of the field spaniel. See Spaniel.
Springer	A species of antelope; the sprinkbok.
Springhalt	A kind of lameness in horse. See Stringhalt.
Springhead	A fountain or source.
Springiness	The state or quality of being springly.
Springing	The act or process of one who, or that which, springs.
Springing	Growth; increase; also, that which springs up; a shoot; a plant.
Springle	A springe.
Springlet	A little spring.
Springtail	Any one of numerous species of small apterous insects belonging to the order Thysanura. They have two elastic caudal stylets which can be bent under the abdomen and then suddenly extended like a spring, thus enabling them to leap to a considerable distance. See Collembola, and Podura.
Springtide	The time of spring; springtime.
Springtime	The season of spring; springtide.
Springy	Resembling, having the qualities of, or pertaining to, a spring; elastic; as, springy steel; a springy step.
Springy	Abounding with springs or fountains; wet; spongy; as, springy land.
Sprinkled	of Sprinkle
Sprinkling	of Sprinkle
Sprinkle	To scatter in small drops or particles, as water, seed, etc.
Sprinkle	To scatter on; to disperse something over in small drops or particles; to besprinkle; as, to sprinkle the earth with water; to sprinkle a floor with sand.
Sprinkle	To baptize by the application of a few drops, or a small quantity, of water; hence, to cleanse; to purify.
Sprinkle	To scatter a liquid, or any fine substance, so that it may fall in particles.
Sprinkle	To rain moderately, or with scattered drops falling now and then; as, it sprinkles.
Sprinkle	To fly or be scattered in small drops or particles.
Sprinkle	A small quantity scattered, or sparsely distributed; a sprinkling.
Sprinkle	A utensil for sprinkling; a sprinkler.
Sprinkler	One who sprinkles.
Sprinkler	An instrument or vessel used in sprinkling; specifically, a watering pot.
Sprinkling	The act of one who, or that which, sprinkles.
Sprinkling	A small quantity falling in distinct drops or particles; as, a sprinkling of rain or snow.
Sprinkling	Hence, a moderate number or quantity distributed like drops.
Sprinted	of Sprint
Sprinting	of Sprint
Sprint	To run very rapidly; to run at full speed.
Sprint	The act of sprinting; a run of a short distance at full speed.
Sprinter	One who sprints; one who runs in sprint races; as, a champion sprinter.
Sprit	To throw out with force from a narrow orifice; to eject; to spurt out.
Sprit	To sprout; to bud; to germinate, as barley steeped for malt.
Sprit	A shoot; a sprout.
Sprit	A small boom, pole, or spar, which crosses the sail of a boat diagonally from the mast to the upper aftmost corner, which it is used to extend and elevate.
Sprite	A spirit; a soul; a shade; also, an apparition. See Spright.
Sprite	An elf; a fairy; a goblin.
Sprite	The green woodpecker, or yaffle.
Spriteful	Alt. of Spritely
Spritefully	Alt. of Spritely
Spriteliness	Alt. of Spritely
Spritely	See Sprightful, Sprightfully, Sprightliness, Sprightly, etc.
Spritsail	A sail extended by a sprit.
Spritsail	A sail formerly hung under the bowsprit, from the spritsail yard.
Sprocket wheel	Same as Chain wheel.
Sprod	A salmon in its second year.
Sprong	imp. of Spring. Sprung.
Sprouted	of Sprout
Sprouting	of Sprout
Sprout	To shoot, as the seed of a plant; to germinate; to push out new shoots; hence, to grow like shoots of plants.
Sprout	To shoot into ramifications.
Sprout	To cause to sprout; as, the rain will sprout the seed.
Sprout	To deprive of sprouts; as, to sprout potatoes.
Sprout	The shoot of a plant; a shoot from the seed, from the stump, or from the root or tuber, of a plant or tree; more rarely, a shoot from the stem of a plant, or the end of a branch.
Sprout	Young coleworts; Brussels sprouts.
Spruce	Any coniferous tree of the genus Picea, as the Norway spruce (P. excelsa), and the white and black spruces of America (P. alba and P. nigra), besides several others in the far Northwest. See Picea.
Spruce	The wood or timber of the spruce tree.
Spruce	Prussia leather; pruce.
Spruce	Neat, without elegance or dignity; -- formerly applied to things with a serious meaning; now chiefly applied to persons.
Spruce	Sprightly; dashing.
Spruced	of Spruce
Sprucing	of Spruce
Spruce	To dress with affected neatness; to trim; to make spruce.
Spruce	To dress one's self with affected neatness; as, to spruce up.
Sprue	Strictly, the hole through which melted metal is poured into the gate, and thence into the mold.
Sprue	The waste piece of metal cast in this hole; hence, dross.
Sprue	Same as Sprew.
Sprug	To make smart.
Sprung	imp. & p. p. of Spring.
Sprung	Said of a spar that has been cracked or strained.
Sprunt	To spring up; to germinate; to spring forward or outward.
Sprunt	Anything short and stiff.
Sprunt	A leap; a spring.
Sprunt	A steep ascent in a road.
Sprunt	Active; lively; vigorous.
Spruntly	In a sprunt manner; smartly; vigorously; youthfully.
Spry	Having great power of leaping or running; nimble; active.
Spud	A sharp, narrow spade, usually with a long handle, used by farmers for digging up large-rooted weeds; a similarly shaped implement used for various purposes.
Spud	A dagger.
Spud	Anything short and thick; specifically, a piece of dough boiled in fat.
Spue	See Spew.
Spuilzie	See Spulzie.
Spuke	See Spook.
Spuller	One employed to inspect yarn, to see that it is well spun, and fit for the loom.
Spulzie	Plunder, or booty.
Spume	Frothy matter raised on liquids by boiling, effervescence, or agitation; froth; foam; scum.
Spumed	of Spume
Spuming	of Spume
Spume	To froth; to foam.
Spumeous	Spumous.
Spumescence	The state of being foamy; frothiness.
Spumescent	Resembling froth or foam; foaming.
Spumid	Spumous; frothy.
Spumiferous	Producing foam.
Spuminess	The quality or condition of being spumy; spumescence.
Spumous	Alt. of Spumy
Spumy	Consisting of, containing, or covered with, froth, scum, or foam; frothy; foamy.
Spun	imp. & p. p. of Spin.
Spunge	A sponge.
Spunk	Wood that readily takes fire; touchwood; also, a kind of tinder made from a species of fungus; punk; amadou.
Spunk	An inflammable temper; spirit; mettle; pluck; as, a man of spunk.
Spunky	Full of spunk; quick; spirited.
Spur	A sparrow.
Spur	A tern.
Spur	An implement secured to the heel, or above the heel, of a horseman, to urge the horse by its pressure. Modern spurs have a small wheel, or rowel, with short points. Spurs were the badge of knighthood.
Spur	That which goads to action; an incitement.
Spur	Something that projects; a snag.
Spur	One of the large or principal roots of a tree.
Spur	Any stiff, sharp spine, as on the wings and legs of certain burds, on the legs of insects, etc.; especially, the spine on a cock's leg.
Spur	A mountain that shoots from any other mountain, or range of mountains, and extends to some distance in a lateral direction, or at right angles.
Spur	A spiked iron worn by seamen upon the bottom of the boot, to enable them to stand upon the carcass of a whale, to strip off the blubber.
Spur	A brace strengthening a post and some connected part, as a rafter or crossbeam; a strut.
Spur	The short wooden buttress of a post.
Spur	A projection from the round base of a column, occupying the angle of a square plinth upon which the base rests, or bringing the bottom bed of the base to a nearly square form. It is generally carved in leafage.
Spur	Any projecting appendage of a flower looking like a spur.
Spur	Ergotized rye or other grain.
Spur	A wall that crosses a part of a rampart and joins to an inner wall.
Spur	A piece of timber fixed on the bilge ways before launching, having the upper ends bolted to the vessel's side.
Spur	A curved piece of timber serving as a half to support the deck where a whole beam can not be placed.
Spurred	of Spur
Spurring	of Spur
Spur	To prick with spurs; to incite to a more hasty pace; to urge or goad; as, to spur a horse.
Spur	To urge or encourage to action, or to a more vigorous pursuit of an object; to incite; to stimulate; to instigate; to impel; to drive.
Spur	To put spurs on; as, a spurred boot.
Spur	To spur on one' horse; to travel with great expedition; to hasten; hence, to press forward in any pursuit.
Spurgall	A place galled or excoriated by much using of the spur.
Spurgall	To gall or wound with a spur.
Spurge	To emit foam; to froth; -- said of the emission of yeast from beer in course of fermentation.
Spurge	Any plant of the genus Euphorbia. See Euphorbia.
Spurgewort	Any euphorbiaceous plant.
Spurging	A purging.
Spurious	Not proceeding from the true source, or from the source pretended; not genuine; false; adulterate.
Spurious	Not legitimate; bastard; as, spurious issue.
Spurless	Having no spurs.
Spurling	A tern.
Spurling-line	The line which forms the communication between the steering wheel and the telltale.
Spurned	of Spurn
Spurning	of Spurn
Spurn	To drive back or away, as with the foot; to kick.
Spurn	To reject with disdain; to scorn to receive or accept; to treat with contempt.
Spurn	To kick or toss up the heels.
Spurn	To manifest disdain in rejecting anything; to make contemptuous opposition or resistance.
Spurn	A kick; a blow with the foot.
Spurn	Disdainful rejection; contemptuous tratment.
Spurn	A body of coal left to sustain an overhanding mass.
Spurner	One who spurns.
Spurn-water	A channel at the end of a deck to restrain the water.
Spurred	Wearing spurs; furnished with a spur or spurs; having shoots like spurs.
Spurred	Affected with spur, or ergot; as, spurred rye.
Spurrer	One who spurs.
Spurrey	See Spurry.
Spurrier	One whose occupation is to make spurs.
Spur-royal	A gold coin, first made in the reign of Edward IV., having a star on the reverse resembling the rowel of a spur. In the reigns of Elizabeth and of James I., its value was fifteen shillings.
Spurry	An annual herb (Spergula arvensis) with whorled filiform leaves, sometimes grown in Europe for fodder.
Spur-shell	Any one of several species of handsome gastropod shells of the genus Trochus, or Imperator. The shell is conical, with the margin toothed somewhat like the rowel of a spur.
Spurt	To gush or issue suddenly or violently out in a stream, as liquor from a cask; to rush from a confined place in a small stream or jet; to spirt.
Spurt	To throw out, as a liquid, in a stream or jet; to drive or force out with violence, as a liquid from a pipe or small orifice; as, to spurt water from the mouth.
Sourt	A sudden or violent ejection or gushing of a liquid, as of water from a tube, orifice, or other confined place, or of blood from a wound; a jet; a spirt.
Sourt	A shoot; a bud.
Sourt	Fig.: A sudden outbreak; as, a spurt of jealousy.
Spurt	A sudden and energetic effort, as in an emergency; an increased exertion for a brief space.
Spurted	of Spurt
Spurting	of Spurt
Spurt	To make a sudden and violent exertion, as in an emergency.
Spurtle	To spurt or shoot in a scattering manner.
Spurway	A bridle path.
Spur-winged	Having one or more spurs on the bend of the wings.
Sput	An annular reenforce, to strengthen a place where a hole is made.
Sputation	The act of spitting; expectoration.
Sputative	Inclined to spit; spitting much.
Spute	To dispute; to discuss.
Sputtered	of Sputter
Sputtering	of Sputter
Sputter	To spit, or to emit saliva from the mouth in small, scattered portions, as in rapid speaking.
Sputter	To utter words hastily and indistinctly; to speak so rapidly as to emit saliva.
Sputter	To throw out anything, as little jets of steam, with a noise like that made by one sputtering.
Sputter	To spit out hastily by quick, successive efforts, with a spluttering sound; to utter hastily and confusedly, without control over the organs of speech.
Sputter	Moist matter thrown out in small detached particles; also, confused and hasty speech.
Sputterer	One who sputters.
Sputa	of Sputum
Sputum	That which is expectorated; a salival discharge; spittle; saliva.
Spied	of Spy
Spying	of Spy
Spy	To gain sight of; to discover at a distance, or in a state of concealment; to espy; to see.
Spy	To discover by close search or examination.
Spy	To explore; to view; inspect; and examine secretly, as a country; -- usually with out.
Spy	To search narrowly; to scrutinize.
Spies	of Spy
Spy	One who keeps a constant watch of the conduct of others.
Spy	A person sent secretly into an enemy's camp, territory, or fortifications, to inspect his works, ascertain his strength, movements, or designs, and to communicate such intelligence to the proper officer.
Spyboat	A boat sent to make discoveries and bring intelligence.
Spyglass	A small telescope for viewing distant terrestrial objects.
Spyism	Act or business of spying.
Spynace	Alt. of Spyne
Spyne	See Pinnace, n., 1 (a).
Squab	Fat; thick; plump; bulky.
Squab	Unfledged; unfeathered; as, a squab pigeon.
Squab	A neatling of a pigeon or other similar bird, esp. when very fat and not fully fledged.
Squab	A person of a short, fat figure.
Squab	A thickly stuffed cushion; especially, one used for the seat of a sofa, couch, or chair; also, a sofa.
Squab	With a heavy fall; plump.
Squab	To fall plump; to strike at one dash, or with a heavy stroke.
Squabash	To crush; to quash; to squash.
Squabbish	Thick; fat; heavy.
Squabbled	of Squabble
Squabbling	of Squabble
Squabble	To contend for superiority in an unseemly maner; to scuffle; to struggle; to wrangle; to quarrel.
Squabble	To debate peevishly; to dispute.
Squabble	To disarrange, so that the letters or lines stand awry or are mixed and need careful readjustment; -- said of type that has been set up.
Squabble	A scuffle; a wrangle; a brawl.
Squabbler	One who squabbles; a contentious person; a brawler.
Squabby	Short and thick; suqabbish.
Squab-chick	A young chicken before it is fully fledged.
Squaccos	of Squacco
Squacco	A heron (Ardea comata) found in Asia, Northern Africa, and Southern Europe.
Squad	A small party of men assembled for drill, inspection, or other purposes.
Squad	Hence, any small party.
Squad	Sloppy mud.
Squadron	Primarily, a square; hence, a square body of troops; a body of troops drawn up in a square.
Squadron	A body of cavarly comparising two companies or troops, and averging from one hundred and twenty to two hundred men.
Squadron	A detachment of vessels employed on any particular service or station, under the command of the senior officer; as, the North Atlantic Squadron.
Squadroned	Formed into squadrons, or squares.
Squail	To throw sticls at cocks; to throw anything about awkwardly or irregularly.
Squaimous	Squeamish.
Squali	The suborder of elasmobranch fishes which comprises the sharks.
Squalid	Dirty through neglect; foul; filthy; extremely dirty.
Squalidity	The quality or state of being squalid; foulness; filthiness.
Squalidly	In a squalid manner.
Squalidness	Quality or state of being squalid.
Squall	A sudden violent gust of wind often attended with rain or snow.
Squalled	of Squall
Squalling	of Squall
Squall	To cry out; to scream or cry violently, as a woman frightened, or a child in anger or distress; as, the infant squalled.
Squall	A loud scream; a harsh cry.
Squaller	One who squalls; a screamer.
Squally	Abounding with squalls; disturbed often with sudden and violent gusts of wind; gusty; as, squally weather.
Squally	Interrupted by unproductive spots; -- said of a flied of turnips or grain.
Squally	Not equally good throughout; not uniform; uneven; faulty; -- said of cloth.
Squalodon	A genus of fossil whales belonging to the Phocodontia; -- so called because their are serrated, like a shark's.
Squalodont	Pertaining to Squalodon.
Squaloid	Like or pertaining to a shark or sharks.
Squalor	Squalidness; foulness; filthness; squalidity.
Squamae	of Squama
Squama	A scale cast off from the skin; a thin dry shred consisting of epithelium.
Squamaceous	Squamose.
Squamata	A division of edentates having the body covered with large, imbricated horny scales. It includes the pangolins.
Squamate	Alt. of Squamated
Squamated	Same as Squamose.
Squamduck	The American eider duck.
Squame	A scale.
Squame	The scale, or exopodite, of an antenna of a crustacean.
Squamellae	of Squamella
Squamella	A diminutive scale or bractlet, such as those found on the receptacle in many composite plants; a palea.
Squamellate	Furnished or covered with little scales; squamulose.
Squamiform	Having the shape of a scale.
Squamigerous	Bearing scales.
Squamipennes	of Squamipen
Squamipen	Any one of a group of fishes having the dorsal and anal fins partially covered with scales.
Squamoid	Resembling a scale; also, covered with scales; scaly.
Squamosal	Scalelike; squamous; as, the squamosal bone.
Squamosal	Of or pertaining to the squamosal bone.
Squamosal	The squamous part of the temporal bone, or a bone correspondending to it, under Temporal.
Squamose	Alt. of Squamous
Squamous	Covered with, or consisting of, scales; resembling a scale; scaly; as, the squamose cones of the pine; squamous epithelial cells; the squamous portion of the temporal bone, which is so called from a fancied resemblance to a scale.
Squamous	Of or pertaining to the squamosal bone; squamosal.
Squamozygomatic	Of or pertaining to both the squamosal and zygomatic bones; -- applied to a bone, or a center of ossification, in some fetal skulls.
Squamozygomatic	A squamozygomatic bone.
Squamulae	of Squamula
Squamula	One of the little hypogynous scales found in the flowers of grasses; a lodicule.
Squamulate	Same as Squamulose.
Squamule	Same as Squamula.
Squamulose	Having little scales; squamellate; squamulate.
Squandered	of Squander
Squandering	of Squander
Squander	To scatter; to disperse.
Squander	To spend lavishly or profusely; to spend prodigally or wastefully; to use without economy or judgment; to dissipate; as, to squander an estate.
Squander	To spend lavishly; to be wasteful.
Squander	To wander at random; to scatter.
Squander	The act of squandering; waste.
Squanderer	One who squanders.
Squanderingly	In a squandering manner.
Square	The corner, or angle, of a figure.
Square	A parallelogram having four equal sides and four right angles.
Square	Hence, anything which is square, or nearly so
Square	A square piece or fragment.
Square	A pane of glass.
Square	A certain number of lines, forming a portion of a column, nearly square; -- used chiefly in reckoning the prices of advertisements in newspapers.
Square	One hundred superficial feet.
Square	An area of four sides, generally with houses on each side; sometimes, a solid block of houses; also, an open place or area for public use, as at the meeting or intersection of two or more streets.
Square	An instrument having at least one right angle and two or more straight edges, used to lay out or test square work. It is of several forms, as the T square, the carpenter's square, the try-square., etc.
Square	Hence, a pattern or rule.
Square	The product of a number or quantity multiplied by itself; thus, 64 is the square of 8, for 8 / 8 = 64; the square of a + b is a2 + 2ab + b2.
Square	Exact proportion; justness of workmanship and conduct; regularity; rule.
Square	A body of troops formed in a square, esp. one formed to resist a charge of cavalry; a squadron.
Square	Fig.: The relation of harmony, or exact agreement; equality; level.
Square	The position of planets distant ninety degrees from each other; a quadrate.
Square	The act of squaring, or quarreling; a quarrel.
Square	The front of a woman's dress over the bosom, usually worked or embroidered.
Square	Having four equal sides and four right angles; as, a square figure.
Square	Forming a right angle; as, a square corner.
Square	Having a shape broad for the height, with rectilineal and angular rather than curving outlines; as, a man of a square frame.
Square	Exactly suitable or correspondent; true; just.
Square	Rendering equal justice; exact; fair; honest, as square dealing.
Square	Even; leaving no balance; as, to make or leave the accounts square.
Square	Leaving nothing; hearty; vigorous.
Square	At right angles with the mast or the keel, and parallel to the horizon; -- said of the yards of a square-rigged vessel when they are so braced.
Squared	of Square
Squaring	of Square
Square	To form with four sides and four right angles.
Square	To form with right angles and straight lines, or flat surfaces; as, to square mason's work.
Square	To compare with, or reduce to, any given measure or standard.
Square	To adjust; to regulate; to mold; to shape; to fit; as, to square our actions by the opinions of others.
Square	To make even, so as leave no remainder of difference; to balance; as, to square accounts.
Square	To multiply by itself; as, to square a number or a quantity.
Square	To hold a quartile position respecting.
Square	To place at right angles with the keel; as, to square the yards.
Square	To accord or agree exactly; to be consistent with; to conform or agree; to suit; to fit.
Square	To go to opposite sides; to take an attitude of offense or defense, or of defiance; to quarrel.
Square	To take a boxing attitude; -- often with up, sometimes with off.
Squarely	In a square form or manner.
Squareness	The quality of being square; as, an instrument to try the squareness of work.
Squarer	One who, or that which, squares.
Squarer	One who squares, or quarrels; a hot-headed, contentious fellow.
Square-rigged	Having the sails extended upon yards suspended horizontally by the middle, as distinguished from fore-and-aft sails; thus, a ship and a brig are square-rigged vessels.
Square-toed	Having the toe square.
Square-toes	A precise person; -- used contemptuously or jocularly.
Squarish	Nearly square.
Squarrose	Ragged or full of lose scales or projecting parts; rough; jagged
Squarrose	Consisting of scales widely divaricating; having scales, small leaves, or other bodies, spreading widely from the axis on which they are crowded; -- said of a calyx or stem.
Squarrose	Divided into shreds or jags, raised above the plane of the leaf, and not parallel to it; said of a leaf.
Squarrose	Having scales spreading every way, or standing upright, or at right angles to the surface; -- said of a shell.
Squarroso-dentate	Having the teeth bent out of the plane of the lamina; -- said of a leaf.
Squarrous	Squarrose.
Squarrulose	Somewhat squarrose; slightly squarrose.
Squash	An American animal allied to the weasel.
Squash	A plant and its fruit of the genus Cucurbita, or gourd kind.
Squashed	of Squash
Squashing	of Squash
Squash	To beat or press into pulp or a flat mass; to crush.
Squash	Something soft and easily crushed; especially, an unripe pod of pease.
Squash	Hence, something unripe or soft; -- used in contempt.
Squash	A sudden fall of a heavy, soft body; also, a shock of soft bodies.
Squasher	One who, or that which, squashes.
Squashiness	The quality or state of being squashy, or soft.
Squashy	Easily squashed; soft.
Squat	The angel fish (Squatina angelus).
Squatted	of Squat
Squatting	of Squat
Squat	To sit down upon the hams or heels; as, the savages squatted near the fire.
Squat	To sit close to the ground; to cower; to stoop, or lie close, to escape observation, as a partridge or rabbit.
Squat	To settle on another's land without title; also, to settle on common or public lands.
Squat	To bruise or make flat by a fall.
Squat	Sitting on the hams or heels; sitting close to the ground; cowering; crouching.
Squat	Short and thick, like the figure of an animal squatting.
Squat	The posture of one that sits on his heels or hams, or close to the ground.
Squat	A sudden or crushing fall.
Squat	A small vein of ore.
Squat	A mineral consisting of tin ore and spar.
Squaterole	The black-bellied plover.
Squatter	One who squats; specifically, one who settles unlawfully upon land without a title. In the United States and Australia the term is sometimes applied also to a person who settles lawfully upon government land under permission and restrictions, before acquiring title.
Squatter	See Squat snipe, under Squat.
Squatty	Squat; dumpy.
Squaw	A female; a woman; -- in the language of Indian tribes of the Algonquin family, correlative of sannup.
Squawberry	A local name for the partridge berry; also, for the deerberry.
Squawked	of Squawk
Squawking	of Squawk
Squawk	To utter a shrill, abrupt scream; to squeak harshly.
Squawk	Act of squawking; a harsh squeak.
Squawk	The American night heron. See under Night.
Squawl	See Squall.
Squawroot	A scaly parasitic plant (Conopholis Americana) found in oak woods in the United States; -- called also cancer root.
Squawweed	The golden ragwort. See under Ragwort.
Squaked	of Squeak
Squeaking	of Squeak
Squeak	To utter a sharp, shrill cry, usually of short duration; to cry with an acute tone, as an animal; or, to make a sharp, disagreeable noise, as a pipe or quill, a wagon wheel, a door; to creak.
Squeak	To break silence or secrecy for fear of pain or punishment; to speak; to confess.
Squeak	A sharp, shrill, disagreeable sound suddenly utered, either of the human voice or of any animal or instrument, such as is made by carriage wheels when dry, by the soles of leather shoes, or by a pipe or reed.
Squeaker	One who, or that which, squeaks.
Squeaker	The Australian gray crow shrile (Strepera anaphonesis); -- so called from its note.
Squeakingly	In a squeaking manner.
Squealed	of Squeal
Squealing	of Squeal
Squeal	To cry with a sharp, shrill, prolonged sound, as certain animals do, indicating want, displeasure, or pain.
Squeal	To turn informer; to betray a secret.
Squeal	A shrill, somewhat prolonged cry.
Squealer	One who, or that which, squeals.
Squealer	The European swift.
Squealer	The harlequin duck.
Squealer	The American golden plover.
Squeamish	Having a stomach that is easily or nauseated; hence, nice to excess in taste; fastidious; easily disgusted; apt to be offended at trifling improprieties.
Squeamous	Squeamish.
Squeasiness	Queasiness.
Squesy	Queasy; nice; squeamish; fastidious; scrupulous.
Squeegee	Same as Squilgee.
Squeezed	of Squeeze
Squeezing	of Squeeze
Squeeze	To press between two bodies; to press together closely; to compress; often, to compress so as to expel juice, moisture, etc.; as, to squeeze an orange with the fingers; to squeeze the hand in friendship.
Squeeze	Fig.: To oppress with hardships, burdens, or taxes; to harass; to crush.
Squeeze	To force, or cause to pass, by compression; often with out, through, etc.; as, to squeeze water through felt.
Squeeze	To press; to urge one's way, or to pass, by pressing; to crowd; -- often with through, into, etc.; as, to squeeze hard to get through a crowd.
Squeeze	The act of one who squeezes; compression between bodies; pressure.
Squeeze	A facsimile impression taken in some soft substance, as pulp, from an inscription on stone.
Squeezer	One who, or that which, squeezes; as, a lemon squeezer.
Squeezer	A machine like a large pair of pliers, for shingling, or squeezing, the balls of metal when puddled; -- used only in the plural.
Squeezer	A machine of several forms for the same purpose; -- used in the singular.
Squeezing	The act of pressing; compression; oppression.
Squeezing	That which is forced out by pressure; dregs.
Squeezing	Same as Squeeze, n., 2.
Squelched	of Squelch
Squelching	of Squelch
Squelch	To quell; to crush; to silence or put down.
Squelch	A heavy fall, as of something flat; hence, also, a crushing reply.
Squeteague	An American sciaenoid fish (Cynoscion regalis), abundant on the Atlantic coast of the United States, and much valued as a food fish. It is of a bright silvery color, with iridescent reflections. Called also weakfish, squitee, chickwit, and sea trout. The spotted squeteague (C. nebulosus) of the Southern United States is a similar fish, but the back and upper fins are spotted with black. It is called also spotted weakfish, and, locally, sea trout, and sea salmon.
Squib	A little pipe, or hollow cylinder of paper, filled with powder or combustible matter, to be thrown into the air while burning, so as to burst there with a crack.
Squib	A kind of slow match or safety fuse.
Squib	A sarcastic speech or publication; a petty lampoon; a brief, witty essay.
Squib	A writer of lampoons.
Squib	A paltry fellow.
Squibbed	of Squib
Squibbing	of Squib
Squib	To throw squibs; to utter sarcatic or severe reflections; to contend in petty dispute; as, to squib a little debate.
Squid	Any one of numerous species of ten-armed cephalopods having a long, tapered body, and a caudal fin on each side; especially, any species of Loligo, Ommastrephes, and related genera. See Calamary, Decacerata, Dibranchiata.
Squid	A fishhook with a piece of bright lead, bone, or other substance, fastened on its shank to imitate a squid.
Squier	A square. See 1st Squire.
Squierie	Alt. of Squiery
Squiery	A company of squires; the whole body of squires.
Squiggle	To shake and wash a fluid about in the mouth with the lips closed.
Squiggle	To move about like an eel; to squirm.
Squilgee	Formerly, a small swab for drying a vessel's deck; now, a kind of scraper having a blade or edge of rubber or of leather, -- used for removing superfluous, water or other liquids, as from a vessel's deck after washing, from window panes, photographer's plates, etc.
Squill	A European bulbous liliaceous plant (Urginea, formerly Scilla, maritima), of acrid, expectorant, diuretic, and emetic properties used in medicine. Called also sea onion.
Squill	Any bulbous plant of the genus Scilla; as, the bluebell squill (S. mutans).
Squill	A squilla.
Squill	A mantis.
Squillas	of Squilla
Squillae	of Squilla
Squilla	Any one of numerous stomapod crustaceans of the genus Squilla and allied genera. They make burrows in mud or beneath stones on the seashore. Called also mantis shrimp. See Illust. under Stomapoda.
Squillitic	Of or pertaining to squills.
Squinance	Alt. of Squinancy
Squinancy	The quinsy. See Quinsy.
Squinancy	A European perennial herb (Asperula cynanchica) with narrowly linear whorled leaves; -- formerly thought to cure the quinsy. Also called quincewort.
Squinch	A small arch thrown across the corner of a square room to support a superimposed mass, as where an octagonal spire or drum rests upon a square tower; -- called also sconce, and sconcheon.
Squinsy	See Quinsy.
Squint	Looking obliquely. Specifically (Med.), not having the optic axes coincident; -- said of the eyes. See Squint, n., 2.
Squint	Fig.: Looking askance.
Squinted	of Squint
Squinting	of Squint
Squint	To see or look obliquely, asquint, or awry, or with a furtive glance.
Squint	To have the axes of the eyes not coincident; -- to be cross-eyed.
Squint	To deviate from a true line; to run obliquely.
Squint	To turn to an oblique position; to direct obliquely; as, to squint an eye.
Squint	To cause to look with noncoincident optic axes.
Squint	The act or habit of squinting.
Squint	A want of coincidence of the axes of the eyes; strabismus.
Squint	Same as Hagioscope.
Squinter	One who squints.
Squint-eye	An eye that squints.
Squint-eyed	Having eyes that quint; having eyes with axes not coincident; cross-eyed.
Squint-eyed	Looking obliquely, or asquint; malignant; as, squint-eyed praise; squint-eyed jealousy.
Squintifego	Squinting.
Squinting	a. & n. from Squint, v.
Squiny	To squint.
Squinzey	See Quinsy.
Souir	To throw with a jerk; to throw edge foremost.
Squiralty	Same as Squirarchy.
Squirarch	One who belongs to the squirarchy.
Squirarchy	The gentlemen, or gentry, of a country, collectively.
Squire	A square; a measure; a rule.
Squire	A shield-bearer or armor-bearer who attended a knight.
Squire	A title of dignity next in degree below knight, and above gentleman. See Esquire.
Squire	A male attendant on a great personage; also (Colloq.), a devoted attendant or follower of a lady; a beau.
Squire	A title of office and courtesy. See under Esquire.
squired	of Squire
squiring	of Squire
Squire	To attend as a squire.
Squire	To attend as a beau, or gallant, for aid and protection; as, to squire a lady.
Squireen	One who is half squire and half farmer; -- used humorously.
Squirehood	The rank or state of a squire; squireship.
squireling	A petty squire.
Squirely	Becoming a squire; like a squire.
squireship	Squirehood.
Squirmed	of Squirm
Squirming	of Squirm
Squirm	To twist about briskly with contor/ions like an eel or a worm; to wriggle; to writhe.
Squirr	See Squir.
Squirrel	Any one of numerous species of small rodents belonging to the genus Sciurus and several allied genera of the family Sciuridae. Squirrels generally have a bushy tail, large erect ears, and strong hind legs. They are commonly arboreal in their habits, but many species live in burrows.
Squirrel	One of the small rollers of a carding machine which work with the large cylinder.
Squirted	of Squirt
Squirting	of Squirt
Squirt	To drive or eject in a stream out of a narrow pipe or orifice; as, to squirt water.
Squirt	To be thrown out, or ejected, in a rapid stream, from a narrow orifice; -- said of liquids.
Squirt	Hence, to throw out or utter words rapidly; to prate.
Squirt	An instrument out of which a liquid is ejected in a small stream with force.
Squirt	A small, quick stream; a jet.
Squirter	One who, or that which, squirts.
Squiry	The body of squires, collectively considered; squirarchy.
Squitch grass	Quitch grass.
Squitee	The squeteague; -- called also squit.
Stabbed	of Stab
Stabbing	of Stab
Stab	To pierce with a pointed weapon; to wound or kill by the thrust of a pointed instrument; as, to stab a man with a dagger; also, to thrust; as, to stab a dagger into a person.
Stab	Fig.: To injure secretly or by malicious falsehood or slander; as, to stab a person's reputation.
Stab	To give a wound with a pointed weapon; to pierce; to thrust with a pointed weapon.
Stab	To wound or pain, as if with a pointed weapon.
Stab	The thrust of a pointed weapon.
Stab	A wound with a sharp-pointed weapon; as, to fall by the stab an assassin.
Stab	Fig.: An injury inflicted covertly or suddenly; as, a stab given to character.
Stabat Mater	A celebrated Latin hymn, beginning with these words, commemorating the sorrows of the mother of our Lord at the foot of the cross. It is read in the Mass of the Sorrows of the Virgin Mary, and is sung by Catholics when making "the way of the cross" (Via Crucis). See Station, 7 (c).
Stabber	One who, or that which, stabs; a privy murderer.
Stabber	A small marline spike; a pricker.
Stabbingly	By stabbing; with intent to injure covertly.
Stabiliment	The act of making firm; firm support; establishment.
Stabilitate	To make stable; to establish.
Stability	The state or quality of being stable, or firm; steadiness; firmness; strength to stand without being moved or overthrown; as, the stability of a structure; the stability of a throne or a constitution.
Stability	Steadiness or firmness of character, firmness of resolution or purpose; the quality opposite to fickleness, irresolution, or inconstancy; constancy; steadfastness; as, a man of little stability, or of unusual stability.
Stability	Fixedness; -- as opposed to fluidity.
Stable	Firmly established; not easily moved, shaken, or overthrown; fixed; as, a stable government.
Stable	Steady in purpose; constant; firm in resolution; not easily diverted from a purpose; not fickle or wavering; as, a man of stable character.
Stable	Durable; not subject to overthrow or change; firm; as, a stable foundation; a stable position.
Stable	To fix; to establish.
Stable	A house, shed, or building, for beasts to lodge and feed in; esp., a building or apartment with stalls, for horses; as, a horse stable; a cow stable.
Stabled	of Stable
Stabling	of Stable
Stable	To put or keep in a stable.
Stable	To dwell or lodge in a stable; to dwell in an inclosed place; to kennel.
Stableboy	Alt. of Stableman
Stableman	A boy or man who attends in a stable; a groom; a hostler.
Stableness	The quality or state of being stable, or firmly established; stability.
Stabler	A stable keeper.
Stable stand	The position of a man who is found at his standing in the forest, with a crossbow or a longbow bent, ready to shoot at a deer, or close by a tree with greyhounds in a leash ready to slip; -- one of the four presumptions that a man intends stealing the king's deer.
Stabling	The act or practice of keeping horses and cattle in a stable.
Stabling	A building, shed, or room for horses and cattle.
Stablish	To settle permanently in a state; to make firm; to establish; to fix.
Stablishment	Establishment.
Stably	In a stable manner; firmly; fixedly; steadily; as, a government stably settled.
Stabulation	The act of stabling or housing beasts.
Stabulation	A place for lodging beasts; a stable.
Staccato	Disconnected; separated; distinct; -- a direction to perform the notes of a passage in a short, distinct, and pointed manner. It is opposed to legato, and often indicated by heavy accents written over or under the notes, or by dots when the performance is to be less distinct and emphatic.
Staccato	Expressed in a brief, pointed manner.
Stack	A large pile of hay, grain, straw, or the like, usually of a nearly conical form, but sometimes rectangular or oblong, contracted at the top to a point or ridge, and sometimes covered with thatch.
Stack	A pile of poles or wood, indefinite in quantity.
Stack	A pile of wood containing 108 cubic feet.
Stack	A number of flues embodied in one structure, rising above the roof. Hence:
Stack	Any single insulated and prominent structure, or upright pipe, which affords a conduit for smoke; as, the brick smokestack of a factory; the smokestack of a steam vessel.
Stack	A section of memory in a computer used for temporary storage of data, in which the last datum stored is the first retrieved.
Stack	A data structure within random-access memory used to simulate a hardware stack; as, a push-down stack.
Stacked	of Stack
Stacking	of Stack
Stack	To lay in a conical or other pile; to make into a large pile; as, to stack hay, cornstalks, or grain; to stack or place wood.
Stackage	Hay, gray, or the like, in stacks; things stacked.
Stackage	A tax on things stacked.
Stacket	A stockade.
Stack-guard	A covering or protection, as a canvas, for a stack.
Stacking	a. & n. from Stack.
Stackstand	A staging for supporting a stack of hay or grain; a rickstand.
Stackyard	A yard or inclosure for stacks of hay or grain.
Stacte	One of the sweet spices used by the ancient Jews in the preparation of incense. It was perhaps an oil or other form of myrrh or cinnamon, or a kind of storax.
Staddle	Anything which serves for support; a staff; a prop; a crutch; a cane.
Staddle	The frame of a stack of hay or grain.
Staddle	A row of dried or drying hay, etc.
Staddle	A small tree of any kind, especially a forest tree.
Staddle	To leave the staddles, or saplings, of, as a wood when it is cut.
Staddle	To form into staddles, as hay.
Stade	A stadium.
Stade	A landing place or wharf.
Stadimeter	A horizontal graduated bar mounted on a staff, used as a stadium, or telemeter, for measuring distances.
Stadia	of Stadium
Stadium	A Greek measure of length, being the chief one used for itinerary distances, also adopted by the Romans for nautical and astronomical measurements. It was equal to 600 Greek or 625 Roman feet, or 125 Roman paces, or to 606 feet 9 inches English. This was also called the Olympic stadium, as being the exact length of the foot-race course at Olympia.
Stadium	Hence, a race course; especially, the Olympic course for foot races.
Stadium	A kind of telemeter for measuring the distance of an object of known dimensions, by observing the angle it subtends; especially (Surveying), a graduated rod used to measure the distance of the place where it stands from an instrument having a telescope, by observing the number of the graduations of the rod that are seen between certain parallel wires (stadia wires) in the field of view of the telescope; -- also called stadia, and stadia rod.
Stadtholder	Formerly, the chief magistrate of the United Provinces of Holland; also, the governor or lieutenant governor of a province.
Stadtholderate	Alt. of Stadtholdership
Stadtholdership	The office or position of a stadtholder.
Stafette	An estafet.
Staves	of Staff
Staffs	of Staff
Staffs	of Staff
Staff	A long piece of wood; a stick; the long handle of an instrument or weapon; a pole or srick, used for many purposes; as, a surveyor's staff; the staff of a spear or pike.
Staff	A stick carried in the hand for support or defense by a person walking; hence, a support; that which props or upholds.
Staff	A pole, stick, or wand borne as an ensign of authority; a badge of office; as, a constable's staff.
Staff	A pole upon which a flag is supported and displayed.
Staff	The round of a ladder.
Staff	A series of verses so disposed that, when it is concluded, the same order begins again; a stanza; a stave.
Staff	The five lines and the spaces on which music is written; -- formerly called stave.
Staff	An arbor, as of a wheel or a pinion of a watch.
Staff	The grooved director for the gorget, or knife, used in cutting for stone in the bladder.
Staff	An establishment of officers in various departments attached to an army, to a section of an army, or to the commander of an army. The general's staff consists of those officers about his person who are employed in carrying his commands into execution. See Etat Major.
Staff	Hence: A body of assistants serving to carry into effect the plans of a superintendant or manager; as, the staff of a newspaper.
Staffier	An attendant bearing a staff.
Staffish	Stiff; harsh.
Staffmen	of Staffman
Staffman	A workman employed in silk throwing.
Stag	The adult male of the red deer (Cervus elaphus), a large European species closely related to the American elk, or wapiti.
Stag	The male of certain other species of large deer.
Stag	A colt, or filly; also, a romping girl.
Stag	A castrated bull; -- called also bull stag, and bull seg. See the Note under Ox.
Stag	An outside irregular dealer in stocks, who is not a member of the exchange.
Stag	One who applies for the allotment of shares in new projects, with a view to sell immediately at a premium, and not to hold the stock.
Stag	The European wren.
Stag	To act as a "stag", or irregular dealer in stocks.
Stag	To watch; to dog, or keep track of.
Stage	A floor or story of a house.
Stage	An elevated platform on which an orator may speak, a play be performed, an exhibition be presented, or the like.
Stage	A floor elevated for the convenience of mechanical work, or the like; a scaffold; a staging.
Stage	A platform, often floating, serving as a kind of wharf.
Stage	The floor for scenic performances; hence, the theater; the playhouse; hence, also, the profession of representing dramatic compositions; the drama, as acted or exhibited.
Stage	A place where anything is publicly exhibited; the scene of any noted action or carrer; the spot where any remarkable affair occurs.
Stage	The platform of a microscope, upon which an object is placed to be viewed. See Illust. of Microscope.
Stage	A place of rest on a regularly traveled road; a stage house; a station; a place appointed for a relay of horses.
Stage	A degree of advancement in a journey; one of several portions into which a road or course is marked off; the distance between two places of rest on a road; as, a stage of ten miles.
Stage	A degree of advancement in any pursuit, or of progress toward an end or result.
Stage	A large vehicle running from station to station for the accomodation of the public; a stagecoach; an omnibus.
Stage	One of several marked phases or periods in the development and growth of many animals and plants; as, the larval stage; pupa stage; zoea stage.
Stage	To exhibit upon a stage, or as upon a stage; to display publicly.
Stagecoach	A coach that runs regularly from one stage, station, or place to another, for the conveyance of passengers.
Stagecoachmen	of Stagecoachman
Stagecoachman	One who drives a stagecoach.
Stagehouse	A house where a stage regularly stops for passengers or a relay of horses.
Stagely	Pertaining to a stage; becoming the theater; theatrical.
Stageplay	A dramatic or theatrical entertainment.
Stageplayer	An actor on the stage; one whose occupation is to represent characters on the stage; as, Garrick was a celebrated stageplayer.
Stager	A player.
Stager	One who has long acted on the stage of life; a practitioner; a person of experience, or of skill derived from long experience.
Stager	A horse used in drawing a stage.
Stagery	Exhibition on the stage.
Stage-struck	Fascinated by the stage; seized by a passionate desire to become an actor.
Stag-evil	A kind of palsy affecting the jaw of a horse.
Staggard	The male red deer when four years old.
Staggered	of Stagger
Staggering	of Stagger
Stagger	To move to one side and the other, as if about to fall, in standing or walking; not to stand or walk with steadiness; to sway; to reel or totter.
Stagger	To cease to stand firm; to begin to give way; to fail.
Stagger	To begin to doubt and waver in purposes; to become less confident or determined; to hesitate.
Stagger	To cause to reel or totter.
Stagger	To cause to doubt and waver; to make to hesitate; to make less steady or confident; to shock.
Stagger	To arrange (a series of parts) on each side of a median line alternately, as the spokes of a wheel or the rivets of a boiler seam.
Stagger	An unsteady movement of the body in walking or standing, as if one were about to fall; a reeling motion; vertigo; -- often in the plural; as, the stagger of a drunken man.
Stagger	A disease of horses and other animals, attended by reeling, unsteady gait or sudden falling; as, parasitic staggers; appopletic or sleepy staggers.
Stagger	Bewilderment; perplexity.
Staggerbush	An American shrub (Andromeda Mariana) having clusters of nodding white flowers. It grows in low, sandy places, and is said to poison lambs and calves.
Staggeringly	In a staggering manner.
Staggerwort	A kind of ragwort (Senecio Jacobaea).
Stag-horn coral	Alt. of Stag-horn fern
Stag-horn fern	See under Stag.
Stag-horned	Having the mandibles large and palmate, or branched somewhat like the antlers of a stag; -- said of certain beetles.
Staghound	A large and powerful hound formerly used in hunting the stag, the wolf, and other large animals. The breed is nearly extinct.
Staging	A structure of posts and boards for supporting workmen, etc., as in building.
Staging	The business of running stagecoaches; also, the act of journeying in stagecoaches.
Stagirite	A native of, or resident in, Stagira, in ancient Macedonia; especially, Aristotle.
Stagnancy	State of being stagnant.
Stagnant	That stagnates; not flowing; not running in a current or steam; motionless; hence, impure or foul from want of motion; as, a stagnant lake or pond; stagnant blood in the veins.
Stagnant	Not active or brisk; dull; as, business in stagnant.
Stagnantly	In a stagnant manner.
Stagnated	of Stagnate
Stagnating	of Stagnate
Stagnate	To cease to flow; to be motionless; as, blood stagnates in the veins of an animal; hence, to become impure or foul by want of motion; as, air stagnates in a close room.
Stagnate	To cease to be brisk or active; to become dull or inactive; as, commerce stagnates; business stagnates.
Stagnate	Stagnant.
Stagnation	The condition of being stagnant; cessation of flowing or circulation, as of a fluid; the state of being motionless; as, the stagnation of the blood; the stagnation of water or air; the stagnation of vapors.
Stagnation	The cessation of action, or of brisk action; the state of being dull; as, the stagnation of business.
Stagworm	The larve of any species of botfly which is parasitic upon the stag, as /strus, or Hypoderma, actaeon, which burrows beneath the skin, and Cephalomyia auribarbis, which lives in the nostrils.
Stahlian	Pertaining to, or taught by, Stahl, a German physician and chemist of the 17th century; as, the Stahlian theory of phlogiston.
Stahlian	A believer in, or advocate of, Stahlism.
Stahlism	Alt. of Stahlianism
Stahlianism	The Stahlian theoru, that every vital action is function or operation of the soul.
Stail	imp. & p. p. of Stay.
Staid	Sober; grave; steady; sedate; composed; regular; not wild, volatile, or fanciful.
Staidly	In a staid manner, sedately.
Staidness	The quality or state of being staid; seriousness; steadiness; sedateness; regularity; -- the opposite of wildness, or levity.
Stail	A handle, as of a mop; a stale.
Stained	of Stain
Staining	of Stain
Stain	To discolor by the application of foreign matter; to make foul; to spot; as, to stain the hand with dye; armor stained with blood.
Stain	To color, as wood, glass, paper, cloth, or the like, by processess affecting, chemically or otherwise, the material itself; to tinge with a color or colors combining with, or penetrating, the substance; to dye; as, to stain wood with acids, colored washes, paint rubbed in, etc.; to stain glass.
Stain	To spot with guilt or infamy; to bring reproach on; to blot; to soil; to tarnish.
Stain	To cause to seem inferior or soiled by comparison.
Stain	To give or receive a stain; to grow dim.
Stain	A discoloration by foreign matter; a spot; as, a stain on a garment or cloth.
Stain	A natural spot of a color different from the gound.
Stain	Taint of guilt; tarnish; disgrace; reproach.
Stain	Cause of reproach; shame.
Stain	A tincture; a tinge.
Stainer	One who stains or tarnishes.
Stainer	A workman who stains; as, a stainer of wood.
Stainless	Free from stain; immaculate.
Stainlessly	In a stainless manner.
Stair	One step of a series for ascending or descending to a different level; -- commonly applied to those within a building.
Stair	A series of steps, as for passing from one story of a house to another; -- commonly used in the plural; but originally used in the singular only.
Staircase	A flight of stairs with their supporting framework, casing, balusters, etc.
Stairhead	The head or top of a staircase.
Stairway	A flight of stairs or steps; a staircase.
Staith	A landing place; an elevated staging upon a wharf for discharging coal, etc., as from railway cars, into vessels.
Staithman	A man employed in weighing and shipping at a staith.
Stake	A piece of wood, usually long and slender, pointed at one end so as to be easily driven into the ground as a support or stay; as, a stake to support vines, fences, hedges, etc.
Stake	A stick inserted upright in a lop, eye, or mortise, at the side or end of a cart, a flat car, or the like, to prevent goods from falling off.
Stake	The piece of timber to which a martyr was affixed to be burned; hence, martyrdom by fire.
Stake	A small anvil usually furnished with a tang to enter a hole in a bench top, -- used by tinsmiths, blacksmiths, etc., for light work, punching upon, etc.
Stake	That which is laid down as a wager; that which is staked or hazarded; a pledge.
Staked	of Stake
Staking	of Stake
Stake	To fasten, support, or defend with stakes; as, to stake vines or plants.
Stake	To mark the limits of by stakes; -- with out; as, to stake out land; to stake out a new road.
Stake	To put at hazard upon the issue of competition, or upon a future contingency; to wager; to pledge.
Stake	To pierce or wound with a stake.
Stake-driver	The common American bittern (Botaurus lentiginosus); -- so called because one of its notes resembles the sound made in driving a stake into the mud. Called also meadow hen, and Indian hen.
Stakehead	A horizontal bar on a stake, used for supporting the yarns which are kept apart by pins in the bar.
Stakeholder	The holder of a stake; one with whom the bets are deposited when a wager is laid.
Staktometer	A drop measurer; a glass tube tapering to a small orifice at the point, and having a bulb in the middle, used for finding the number of drops in equal quantities of different liquids. See Pipette.
Stal	Stole.
Stalactic	Alt. of Stalactical
Stalactical	Stalactic.
Stalactoform	Like a stalactite; resembling a stalactite.
Stalactites	of Stalactite
Stalactite	A pendent cone or cylinder of calcium carbonate resembling an icicle in form and mode of attachment. Stalactites are found depending from the roof or sides of caverns, and are produced by deposition from waters which have percolated through, and partially dissolved, the overlying limestone rocks.
Stalactite	In an extended sense, any mineral or rock of similar form and origin; as, a stalactite of lava.
Stalactites	A stalactite.
Stalactitic	Alt. of Stalactitical
Stalactitical	Of or pertaining to a stalactite; having the form or characters of a stalactite; stalactic.
Stalactitiform	Having the form of a stalactite; stalactiform.
Stalagmite	A deposit more or less resembling an inverted stalactite, formed by calcareous water dropping on the floors of caverns; hence, a similar deposit of other material.
Stalagmitic	Alt. of Stalagmitical
Stalagmitical	Having the form or structure of stalagmites.
Stalder	A wooden frame to set casks on.
Stale	The stock or handle of anything; as, the stale of a rake.
Stale	Vapid or tasteless from age; having lost its life, spirit, and flavor, from being long kept; as, stale beer.
Stale	Not new; not freshly made; as, stele bread.
Stale	Having lost the life or graces of youth; worn out; decayed.
Stale	Worn out by use or familiarity; having lost its novelty and power of pleasing; trite; common.
Staled	of Stale
Staling	of Stale
Stale	To make vapid or tasteless; to destroy the life, beauty, or use of; to wear out.
Stale	To make water; to discharge urine; -- said especially of horses and cattle.
Stale	That which is stale or worn out by long keeping, or by use.
Stale	A prostitute.
Stale	Urine, esp. that of beasts.
Stale	Something set, or offered to view, as an allurement to draw others to any place or purpose; a decoy; a stool pigeon.
Stale	A stalking-horse.
Stale	A stalemate.
Stale	A laughingstock; a dupe.
Stalely	In a state stale manner.
Stalely	Of old; long since.
Stalemate	The position of the king when he can not move without being placed on check and there is no other piece which can be moved.
Stalemate	To subject to a stalemate; hence, to bring to a stand.
Staleness	The quality or state of being stale.
Stalk	The stem or main axis of a plant; as, a stalk of wheat, rye, or oats; the stalks of maize or hemp.
Stalk	The petiole, pedicel, or peduncle, of a plant.
Stalk	That which resembes the stalk of a plant, as the stem of a quill.
Stalk	An ornament in the Corinthian capital resembling the stalk of a plant, from which the volutes and helices spring.
Stalk	One of the two upright pieces of a ladder.
Stalk	A stem or peduncle, as of certain barnacles and crinoids.
Stalk	The narrow basal portion of the abdomen of a hymenopterous insect.
Stalk	The peduncle of the eyes of decapod crustaceans.
Stalk	An iron bar with projections inserted in a core to strengthen it; a core arbor.
Stalked	of Stalk
Stalking	of Stalk
Stalk	To walk slowly and cautiously; to walk in a stealthy, noiseless manner; -- sometimes used with a reflexive pronoun.
Stalk	To walk behind something as a screen, for the purpose of approaching game; to proceed under clover.
Stalk	To walk with high and proud steps; usually implying the affectation of dignity, and indicating dislike. The word is used, however, especially by the poets, to express dignity of step.
Stalk	To approach under cover of a screen, or by stealth, for the purpose of killing, as game.
Stalk	A high, proud, stately step or walk.
Stalked	Having a stalk or stem; borne upon a stem.
Stalker	One who stalks.
Stalker	A kind of fishing net.
Stalk-eyed	Having the eyes raised on a stalk, or peduncle; -- opposed to sessile-eyed. Said especially of podophthalmous crustaceans.
Stalking-horse	A horse, or a figure resembling a horse, behind which a hunter conceals himself from the game he is aiming to kill.
Stalking-horse	Fig.: Something used to cover up a secret project; a mask; a pretense.
Stalkless	Having no stalk.
Stalky	Hard as a stalk; resembling a stalk.
Stall	A stand; a station; a fixed spot; hence, the stand or place where a horse or an ox kept and fed; the division of a stable, or the compartment, for one horse, ox, or other animal.
Stall	A stable; a place for cattle.
Stall	A small apartment or shed in which merchandise is exposed for sale; as, a butcher's stall; a bookstall.
Stall	A bench or table on which small articles of merchandise are exposed for sale.
Stall	A seat in the choir of a church, for one of the officiating clergy. It is inclosed, either wholly or partially, at the back and sides. The stalls are frequently very rich, with canopies and elaborate carving.
Stall	In the theater, a seat with arms or otherwise partly inclosed, as distinguished from the benches, sofas, etc.
Stall	The space left by excavation between pillars. See Post and stall, under Post.
Stalled	of Stall
Stalling	of Stall
Stall	To put into a stall or stable; to keep in a stall or stalls; as, to stall an ox.
Stall	To fatten; as, to stall cattle.
Stall	To place in an office with the customary formalities; to install.
Stall	To plunge into mire or snow so as not to be able to get on; to set; to fix; as, to stall a cart.
Stall	To forestall; to anticipitate. Having
Stall	To keep close; to keep secret.
Stall	To live in, or as in, a stall; to dwell.
Stall	To kennel, as dogs.
Stall	To be set, as in mire or snow; to stick fast.
Stall	To be tired of eating, as cattle.
Stallage	The right of erecting a stalls in fairs; rent paid for a stall.
Stallage	Dung of cattle or horses, mixed with straw.
Stallation	Installation.
Stalled	Put or kept in a stall; hence, fatted.
Staller	A standard bearer. obtaining
Stall-fed	of Stall-feed
Stall-feeding	of Stall-feed
Stall-feed	To feed and fatten in a stall or on dry fodder; as, to stall-feed an ox.
Stalling	Stabling.
Stallion	A male horse not castrated; a male horse kept for breeding.
Stallmen	of Stallman
Stallman	One who keeps a stall for the sale of merchandise, especially books.
Stallon	A slip from a plant; a scion; a cutting.
Stalwart	Alt. of Stalworth
Stalworth	Brave; bold; strong; redoubted; daring; vehement; violent.
Stalwartly	In a stalwart manner.
Stalwartness	The quality of being stalwart.
Stalworthhood	Alt. of Stalworthness
Stalworthness	The quality or state of being stalworth; stalwartness; boldness; daring.
Stamens	of Stamen
Stamina	of Stamen
Stamen	A thread; especially, a warp thread.
Stamen	The male organ of flowers for secreting and furnishing the pollen or fecundating dust. It consists of the anther and filament.
Stamened	Furnished with stamens.
Stamin	A kind of woolen cloth.
Stamina	See Stamen.
Stamina	The fixed, firm part of a body, which supports it or gives it strength and solidity; as, the bones are the stamina of animal bodies; the ligneous parts of trees are the stamina which constitute their strength.
Stamina	Whatever constitutes the principal strength or support of anything; power of endurance; backbone; vigor; as, the stamina of a constitution or of life; the stamina of a State.
Staminal	Of or pertaining to stamens or stamina; consisting in stamens.
Staminate	Furnished with stamens; producing stamens.
Staminate	Having stamens, but lacking pistils.
Staminate	To indue with stamina.
Stamineal	Alt. of Stamineous
Stamineous	Consisting of stamens or threads.
Stamineous	Of or pertaining to the stamens; possessing stamens; also, attached to the stamens; as, a stamineous nectary.
Staminiferous	Bearing or having stamens.
Staminode	A staminodium.
Staminodia	of Staminodium
Staminodium	An abortive stamen, or any organ modified from an abortive stamen.
Stammel	A large, clumsy horse.
Stammel	A kind of woolen cloth formerly in use. It seems to have been often of a red color.
Stammel	A red dye, used in England in the 15th and 16th centuries.
Stammel	Of the color of stammel; having a red color, thought inferior to scarlet.
Stammered	of Stammer
Stammering	of Stammer
Stammer	To make involuntary stops in uttering syllables or words; to hesitate or falter in speaking; to speak with stops and diffivulty; to stutter.
Stammer	To utter or pronounce with hesitation or imperfectly; -- sometimes with out.
Stammer	Defective utterance, or involuntary interruption of utterance; a stutter.
Stammerer	One who stammers.
Stammering	Apt to stammer; hesitating in speech; stuttering.
Stammering	A disturbance in the formation of sounds. It is due essentially to long-continued spasmodic contraction of the diaphragm, by which expiration is preented, and hence it may be considered as a spasmodic inspiration.
Stamped	of Stamp
Stamping	of Stamp
Stamp	To strike beat, or press forcibly with the bottom of the foot, or by thrusting the foot downward.
Stamp	To bring down (the foot) forcibly on the ground or floor; as, he stamped his foot with rage.
Stamp	To crush; to pulverize; specifically (Metal.), to crush by the blow of a heavy stamp, as ore in a mill.
Stamp	To impress with some mark or figure; as, to stamp a plate with arms or initials.
Stamp	Fig.: To impress; to imprint; to fix deeply; as, to stamp virtuous principles on the heart.
Stamp	To cut out, bend, or indent, as paper, sheet metal, etc., into various forms, by a blow or suddenly applied pressure with a stamp or die, etc.; to mint; to coin.
Stamp	To put a stamp on, as for postage; as, to stamp a letter; to stamp a legal document.
Stamp	To strike; to beat; to crush.
Stamp	To strike the foot forcibly downward.
Stamp	The act of stamping, as with the foot.
Stamp	The which stamps; any instrument for making impressions on other bodies, as a die.
Stamp	The mark made by stamping; a mark imprinted; an impression.
Stamp	that which is marked; a thing stamped.
Stamp	A picture cut in wood or metal, or made by impression; a cut; a plate.
Stamp	An offical mark set upon things chargeable with a duty or tax to government, as evidence that the duty or tax is paid; as, the stamp on a bill of exchange.
Stamp	Hence, a stamped or printed device, issued by the government at a fixed price, and required by law to be affixed to, or stamped on, certain papers, as evidence that the government dues are paid; as, a postage stamp; a receipt stamp, etc.
Stamp	An instrument for cutting out, or shaping, materials, as paper, leather, etc., by a downward pressure.
Stamp	A character or reputation, good or bad, fixed on anything as if by an imprinted mark; current value; authority; as, these persons have the stamp of dishonesty; the Scriptures bear the stamp of a divine origin.
Stamp	Make; cast; form; character; as, a man of the same stamp, or of a different stamp.
Stamp	A kind of heavy hammer, or pestle, raised by water or steam power, for beating ores to powder; anything like a pestle, used for pounding or bathing.
Stamp	A half-penny.
Stamp	Money, esp. paper money.
Stampede	A wild, headlong scamper, or running away, of a number of animals; usually caused by fright; hence, any sudden flight or dispersion, as of a crowd or an army in consequence of a panic.
Stampede	To run away in a panic; -- said droves of cattle, horses, etc., also of armies.
Stampede	To disperse by causing sudden fright, as a herd or drove of animals.
Stamper	One who stamps.
Stamper	An instrument for pounding or stamping.
Stamping	a. & n. from Stamp, v.
Stance	A stanza.
Stance	A station; a position; a site.
Stanched	of Stanch
Stanching	of Stanch
Stanch	To stop the flowing of, as blood; to check; also, to stop the flowing of blood from; as, to stanch a wound.
Stanch	To extinguish; to quench, as fire or thirst.
Stanch	To cease, as the flowing of blood.
Stanch	That which stanches or checks.
Stanch	A flood gate by which water is accumulated, for floating a boat over a shallow part of a stream by its release.
Stanch	Strong and tight; sound; firm; as, a stanch ship.
Stanch	Firm in principle; constant and zealous; loyal; hearty; steady; steadfast; as, a stanch churchman; a stanch friend or adherent.
Stanch	Close; secret; private.
Stanch	To prop; to make stanch, or strong.
Stanchel	A stanchion.
Stancher	One who, or that which, stanches, or stops, the flowing, as of blood.
Stanchion	A prop or support; a piece of timber in the form of a stake or post, used for a support or stay.
Stanchion	Any upright post or beam used as a support, as for the deck, the quarter rails, awnings, etc.
Stanchion	A vertical bar for confining cattle in a stall.
Stanchless	Incapable of being stanched, or stopped.
Stanchless	Unquenchable; insatiable.
Stanchly	In a stanch manner.
Stanchness	The quality or state of being stanch.
Stood	of Stand
Standing	of Stand
Stand	To be at rest in an erect position; to be fixed in an upright or firm position
Stand	To be supported on the feet, in an erect or nearly erect position; -- opposed to lie, sit, kneel, etc.
Stand	To continue upright in a certain locality, as a tree fixed by the roots, or a building resting on its foundation.
Stand	To occupy or hold a place; to have a situation; to be situated or located; as, Paris stands on the Seine.
Stand	To cease from progress; not to proceed; to stop; to pause; to halt; to remain stationary.
Stand	To remain without ruin or injury; to hold good against tendencies to impair or injure; to be permanent; to endure; to last; hence, to find endurance, strength, or resources.
Stand	To maintain one's ground; to be acquitted; not to fail or yield; to be safe.
Stand	To maintain an invincible or permanent attitude; to be fixed, steady, or firm; to take a position in resistance or opposition.
Stand	To adhere to fixed principles; to maintain moral rectitude; to keep from falling into error or vice.
Stand	To have or maintain a position, order, or rank; to be in a particular relation; as, Christian charity, or love, stands first in the rank of gifts.
Stand	To be in some particular state; to have essence or being; to be; to consist.
Stand	To be consistent; to agree; to accord.
Stand	To hold a course at sea; as, to stand from the shore; to stand for the harbor.
Stand	To offer one's self, or to be offered, as a candidate.
Stand	To stagnate; not to flow; to be motionless.
Stand	To measure when erect on the feet.
Stand	To be or remain as it is; to continue in force; to have efficacy or validity; to abide.
Stand	To appear in court.
Stand	To endure; to sustain; to bear; as, I can not stand the cold or the heat.
Stand	To resist, without yielding or receding; to withstand.
Stand	To abide by; to submit to; to suffer.
Stand	To set upright; to cause to stand; as, to stand a book on the shelf; to stand a man on his feet.
Stand	To be at the expense of; to pay for; as, to stand a treat.
Stand	The act of standing.
Stand	A halt or stop for the purpose of defense, resistance, or opposition; as, to come to, or to make, a stand.
Stand	A place or post where one stands; a place where one may stand while observing or waiting for something.
Stand	A station in a city or town where carriages or wagons stand for hire; as, a cab stand.
Stand	A raised platform or station where a race or other outdoor spectacle may be viewed; as, the judge's or the grand stand at a race course.
Stand	A small table; also, something on or in which anything may be laid, hung, or placed upright; as, a hat stand; an umbrella stand; a music stand.
Stand	A place where a witness stands to testify in court.
Stand	The situation of a shop, store, hotel, etc.; as, a good, bad, or convenient stand for business.
Stand	Rank; post; station; standing.
Stand	A state of perplexity or embarrassment; as, to be at a stand what to do.
Stand	A young tree, usually reserved when other trees are cut; also, a tree growing or standing upon its own root, in distinction from one produced from a scion set in a stock, either of the same or another kind of tree.
Stand	A weight of from two hundred and fifty to three hundred pounds, -- used in weighing pitch.
Standage	A reservior in which water accumulates at the bottom of a mine.
Standard	A flag; colors; a banner; especially, a national or other ensign.
Standard	That which is established by authority as a rule for the measure of quantity, extent, value, or quality; esp., the original specimen weight or measure sanctioned by government, as the standard pound, gallon, or yard.
Standard	That which is established as a rule or model by authority, custom, or general consent; criterion; test.
Standard	The proportion of weights of fine metal and alloy established by authority.
Standard	A tree of natural size supported by its own stem, and not dwarfed by grafting on the stock of a smaller species nor trained upon a wall or trellis.
Standard	The upper petal or banner of a papilionaceous corolla.
Standard	An upright support, as one of the poles of a scaffold; any upright in framing.
Standard	An inverted knee timber placed upon the deck instead of beneath it, with its vertical branch turned upward from that which lies horizontally.
Standard	The sheth of a plow.
Standard	A large drinking cup.
Standard	Being, affording, or according with, a standard for comparison and judgment; as, standard time; standard weights and measures; a standard authority as to nautical terms; standard gold or silver.
Standard	Hence: Having a recognized and permanent value; as, standard works in history; standard authors.
Standard	Not supported by, or fastened to, a wall; as, standard fruit trees.
Standard	Not of the dwarf kind; as, a standard pear tree.
Standard-bred	Bred in conformity to a standard. Specif., applied to a registered trotting horse which comes up to the standard adopted by the National Association of Trotting-horse Breeders.
Standardize	To reduce to a normal standard; to calculate or adjust the strength of, by means of, and for uses in, analysis.
Standard-wing	A curious paradise bird (Semioptera Wallacii) which has two long special feathers standing erect on each wing.
Stand-by	One who, or that which, stands by one in need; something upon which one relies for constant use or in an emergency.
Standel	A young tree, especially one reserved when others are cut.
Stander	One who stands.
Stander	Same as Standel.
Stander-by	One who stands near; one who is present; a bystander.
Standergrass	A plant (Orchis mascula); -- called also standerwort, and long purple. See Long purple, under Long.
Standgale	See Stannel.
Standing	Remaining erect; not cut down; as, standing corn.
Standing	Not flowing; stagnant; as, standing water.
Standing	Not transitory; not liable to fade or vanish; lasting; as, a standing color.
Standing	Established by law, custom, or the like; settled; continually existing; permanent; not temporary; as, a standing army; legislative bodies have standing rules of proceeding and standing committees.
Standing	Not movable; fixed; as, a standing bed (distinguished from a trundle-bed).
Standing	The act of stopping, or coming to a stand; the state of being erect upon the feet; stand.
Standing	Maintenance of position; duration; duration or existence in the same place or condition; continuance; as, a custom of long standing; an officer of long standing.
Standing	Place to stand in; station; stand.
Standing	Condition in society; relative position; reputation; rank; as, a man of good standing, or of high standing.
Standish	A stand, or case, for pen and ink.
Standpipe	A vertical pipe, open at the top, between a hydrant and a reservoir, to equalize the flow of water; also, a large vertical pipe, near a pumping engine, into which water is forced up, so as to give it sufficient head to rise to the required level at a distance.
Standpipe	A supply pipe of sufficient elevation to enable the water to flow into the boiler, notwithstanding the pressure of the steam.
Standpoint	A fixed point or station; a basis or fundamental principle; a position from which objects or principles are viewed, and according to which they are compared and judged.
Standstill	A standing without moving forward or backward; a stop; a state or rest.
Stane	A stone.
Stang	imp. of Sting.
Stang	A long bar; a pole; a shaft; a stake.
Stang	In land measure, a pole, rod, or perch.
Stang	To shoot with pain.
Stanhope	A light two-wheeled, or sometimes four-wheeled, carriage, without a top; -- so called from Lord Stanhope, for whom it was contrived.
Staniel	See Stannel.
Stanielry	Hawking with staniels, -- a base kind of falconry.
Stank	Weak; worn out.
Stank	To sigh.
Stank	Stunk.
Stank	Water retained by an embankment; a pool water.
Stank	A dam or mound to stop water.
Stannary	Of or pertaining to tin mines, or tin works.
Stannaries	of Stannary
Stannary	A tin mine; tin works.
Stannate	A salt of stannic acid.
Stannel	The kestrel; -- called also standgale, standgall, stanchel, stand hawk, stannel hawk, steingale, stonegall.
Stannic	Of or pertaining to tin; derived from or containing tin; specifically, designating those compounds in which the element has a higher valence as contrasted with stannous compounds.
Stanniferous	Containing or affording tin.
Stannine	Alt. of Stannite
Stannite	A mineral of a steel-gray or iron-black color; tin pyrites. It is a sulphide of tin, copper, and iron.
Stanno-	A combining form (also used adjectively) denoting relation to, or connection with, tin, or including tin as an ingredient.
Stannofluoride	Any one of a series of double fluorides of tin (stannum) and some other element.
Stannoso-	A combining form (also used adjectively) denoting relation to, or connection with, certain stannnous compounds.
Stannotype	A photograph taken upon a tin plate; a tintype.
Stannous	Pertaining to, or containing, tin; specifically, designating those compounds in which the element has a lower valence as contrasted with stannic compounds.
Stannum	The technical name of tin. See Tin.
Stannyel	Alt. of Stanyel
Stanyel	See Stannel.
Stant	Alt. of Stont
Stont	Stands.
Stanzas	of Stanza
Stanza	A number of lines or verses forming a division of a song or poem, and agreeing in meter, rhyme, number of lines, etc., with other divisions; a part of a poem, ordinarily containing every variation of measure in that poem; a combination or arrangement of lines usually recurring; whether like or unlike, in measure.
Stanza	An apartment or division in a building; a room or chamber.
Stanzaic	Pertaining to, or consisting of, stanzas; as, a couplet in stanzaic form.
Stapedial	Of or pertaining to stapes.
Stapelia	An extensive and curious genus of African plants of the natural order Asclepiadaceae (Milkweed family). They are succulent plants without leaves, frequently covered with dark tubercles giving them a very grotesque appearance. The odor of the blossoms is like that of carrion.
Stapes	The innermost of the ossicles of the ear; the stirrup, or stirrup bone; -- so called from its form. See Illust. of Ear.
Staphyline	Of or pertaining to the uvula or the palate.
Staphylinid	Any rove beetle.
Staphyloma	A protrusion of any part of the globe of the eye; as, a staphyloma of the cornea.
Staphylomatous	Of or pertaining to staphyloma; affected with staphyloma.
Staphyloplasty	The operation for restoring or replacing the soft palate when it has been lost.
Staphyloraphy	Alt. of Staphylorrhaphy
Staphylorrhaphy	The operation of uniting a cleft palate, consisting in paring and bringing together the edges of the cleft.
Staphylotomy	The operation of removing a staphyloma by cutting.
Staple	A settled mart; an emporium; a city or town to which merchants brought commodities for sale or exportation in bulk; a place for wholesale traffic.
Staple	Hence: Place of supply; source; fountain head.
Staple	The principal commodity of traffic in a market; a principal commodity or production of a country or district; as, wheat, maize, and cotton are great staples of the United States.
Staple	The principal constituent in anything; chief item.
Staple	Unmanufactured material; raw material.
Staple	The fiber of wool, cotton, flax, or the like; as, a coarse staple; a fine staple; a long or short staple.
Staple	A loop of iron, or a bar or wire, bent and formed with two points to be driven into wood, to hold a hook, pin, or the like.
Staple	A shaft, smaller and shorter than the principal one, joining different levels.
Staple	A small pit.
Staple	A district granted to an abbey.
Staple	Pertaining to, or being market of staple for, commodities; as, a staple town.
Staple	Established in commerce; occupying the markets; settled; as, a staple trade.
Staple	Fit to be sold; marketable.
Staple	Regularly produced or manufactured in large quantities; belonging to wholesale traffic; principal; chief.
stapled	of Staple
stapling	of Staple
Staple	To sort according to its staple; as, to staple cotton.
Stapler	A dealer in staple goods.
Stapler	One employed to assort wool according to its staple.
Star	One of the innumerable luminous bodies seen in the heavens; any heavenly body other than the sun, moon, comets, and nebulae.
Star	The polestar; the north star.
Star	A planet supposed to influence one's destiny; (usually pl.) a configuration of the planets, supposed to influence fortune.
Star	That which resembles the figure of a star, as an ornament worn on the breast to indicate rank or honor.
Star	Specifically, a radiated mark in writing or printing; an asterisk [thus, *]; -- used as a reference to a note, or to fill a blank where something is omitted, etc.
Star	A composition of combustible matter used in the heading of rockets, in mines, etc., which, exploding in the air, presents a starlike appearance.
Star	A person of brilliant and attractive qualities, especially on public occasions, as a distinguished orator, a leading theatrical performer, etc.
Starred	of Star
Starring	of Star
Star	To set or adorn with stars, or bright, radiating bodies; to bespangle; as, a robe starred with gems.
Star	To be bright, or attract attention, as a star; to shine like a star; to be brilliant or prominent; to play a part as a theatrical star.
Star-blind	Half blind.
Starboard	That side of a vessel which is on the right hand of a person who stands on board facing the bow; -- opposed to larboard, or port.
Starboard	Pertaining to the right-hand side of a ship; being or lying on the right side; as, the starboard quarter; starboard tack.
Starboard	To put to the right, or starboard, side of a vessel; as, to starboard the helm.
Starblowlines	The men in the starboard watch.
Starch	Stiff; precise; rigid.
Starch	A widely diffused vegetable substance found especially in seeds, bulbs, and tubers, and extracted (as from potatoes, corn, rice, etc.) as a white, glistening, granular or powdery substance, without taste or smell, and giving a very peculiar creaking sound when rubbed between the fingers. It is used as a food, in the production of commercial grape sugar, for stiffening linen in laundries, in making paste, etc.
Starch	Fig.: A stiff, formal manner; formality.
Starched	of Starch
Starching	of Starch
Starch	To stiffen with starch.
Star-chamber	An ancient high court exercising jurisdiction in certain cases, mainly criminal, which sat without the intervention of a jury. It consisted of the king's council, or of the privy council only with the addition of certain judges. It could proceed on mere rumor or examine witnesses; it could apply torture. It was abolished by the Long Parliament in 1641.
Starched	Stiffened with starch.
Starched	Stiff; precise; formal.
Starchedness	The quality or state of being starched; stiffness in manners; formality.
Starcher	One who starches.
Starchly	In a starched or starch manner.
Starchness	Of or pertaining to starched or starch; stiffness of manner; preciseness.
Starchwort	The cuckoopint, the tubers of which yield a fine quality of starch.
Starchy	Consisting of starch; resembling starch; stiff; precise.
Starcraft	Astrology.
Star-crossed	Not favored by the stars; ill-fated.
Stare	The starling.
stared	of Stare
staring	of Stare
Stare	To look with fixed eyes wide open, as through fear, wonder, surprise, impudence, etc.; to fasten an earnest and prolonged gaze on some object.
Stare	To be very conspicuous on account of size, prominence, color, or brilliancy; as, staring windows or colors.
Stare	To stand out; to project; to bristle.
Stare	To look earnestly at; to gaze at.
Stare	The act of staring; a fixed look with eyes wide open.
Starer	One who stares, or gazes.
Starf	Starved.
Starfinch	The European redstart.
Starfish	Any one of numerous species of echinoderms belonging to the class Asterioidea, in which the body is star-shaped and usually has five rays, though the number of rays varies from five to forty or more. The rays are often long, but are sometimes so short as to appear only as angles to the disklike body. Called also sea star, five-finger, and stellerid.
Starfish	The dollar fish, or butterfish.
Stargaser	One who gazes at the stars; an astrologer; sometimes, in derision or contempt, an astronomer.
Stargaser	Any one of several species of spiny-rayed marine fishes belonging to Uranoscopus, Astroscopus, and allied genera, of the family Uranoscopidae. The common species of the Eastern United States are Astroscopus anoplus, and A. guttatus. So called from the position of the eyes, which look directly upward.
Stargasing	The act or practice of observing the stars with attention; contemplation of the stars as connected with astrology or astronomy.
Stargasing	Hence, absent-mindedness; abstraction.
Staringly	With a staring look.
Stark	Stiff; rigid.
Stark	Complete; absolute; full; perfect; entire.
Stark	Strong; vigorous; powerful.
Stark	Severe; violent; fierce.
Stark	Mere; sheer; gross; entire; downright.
Stark	Wholly; entirely; absolutely; quite; as, stark mind.
Stark	To stiffen.
Starkly	In a stark manner; stiffly; strongly.
Starkness	The quality or state of being stark.
Starless	Being without stars; having no stars visible; as, a starless night.
Starlight	The light given by the stars.
Starlight	Lighted by the stars, or by the stars only; as, a starlight night.
Starlike	Resembling a star; stellated; radiated like a star; as, starlike flowers.
Starlike	Shining; bright; illustrious.
Starling	Any passerine bird belonging to Sturnus and allied genera. The European starling (Sturnus vulgaris) is dark brown or greenish black, with a metallic gloss, and spotted with yellowish white. It is a sociable bird, and builds about houses, old towers, etc. Called also stare, and starred. The pied starling of India is Sternopastor contra.
Starling	A California fish; the rock trout.
Starling	A structure of piles driven round the piers of a bridge for protection and support; -- called also sterling.
Starlit	Lighted by the stars; starlight.
Starmonger	A fortune teller; an astrologer; -- used in contempt.
Starn	The European starling.
Starnose	A curious American mole (Condylura cristata) having the nose expanded at the end into a stellate disk; -- called also star-nosed mole.
Starost	A nobleman who possessed a starosty.
Starosty	A castle and domain conferred on a nobleman for life.
Starproof	Impervious to the light of the stars; as, a starproof elm.
Star-read	Doctrine or knowledge of the stars; star lore; astrology; astronomy.
Starred	Adorned or studded with stars; bespangled.
Starred	Influenced in fortune by the stars.
Starriness	The quality or state of being starry; as, the starriness of the heavens.
Starry	Abounding with stars; adorned with stars.
Starry	Consisting of, or proceeding from, the stars; stellar; stellary; as, starry light; starry flame.
Starry	Shining like stars; sparkling; as, starry eyes.
Starry	Arranged in rays like those of a star; stellate.
Starshine	The light of the stars.
Starshoot	See Nostoc.
Star-spangled	Spangled or studded with stars.
Starstone	Asteriated sapphire.
started	of Start
starting	of Start
Start	To leap; to jump.
Start	To move suddenly, as with a spring or leap, from surprise, pain, or other sudden feeling or emotion, or by a voluntary act.
Start	To set out; to commence a course, as a race or journey; to begin; as, to start business.
Start	To become somewhat displaced or loosened; as, a rivet or a seam may start under strain or pressure.
Start	To cause to move suddenly; to disturb suddenly; to startle; to alarm; to rouse; to cause to flee or fly; as, the hounds started a fox.
Start	To bring onto being or into view; to originate; to invent.
Start	To cause to move or act; to set going, running, or flowing; as, to start a railway train; to start a mill; to start a stream of water; to start a rumor; to start a business.
Start	To move suddenly from its place or position; to displace or loosen; to dislocate; as, to start a bone; the storm started the bolts in the vessel.
Start	To pour out; to empty; to tap and begin drawing from; as, to start a water cask.
Start	The act of starting; a sudden spring, leap, or motion, caused by surprise, fear, pain, or the like; any sudden motion, or beginning of motion.
Start	A convulsive motion, twitch, or spasm; a spasmodic effort.
Start	A sudden, unexpected movement; a sudden and capricious impulse; a sally; as, starts of fancy.
Start	The beginning, as of a journey or a course of action; first motion from a place; act of setting out; the outset; -- opposed to finish.
Start	A tail, or anything projecting like a tail.
Start	The handle, or tail, of a plow; also, any long handle.
Start	The curved or inclined front and bottom of a water-wheel bucket.
Start	The arm, or level, of a gin, drawn around by a horse.
Starter	One who, or that which, starts; as, a starter on a journey; the starter of a race.
Starter	A dog that rouses game.
Startful	Apt to start; skittish.
Startfulness	Aptness to start.
Starthroat	Any humming bird of the genus Heliomaster. The feathers of the throat have a brilliant metallic luster.
Starting	a. & n. from Start, v.
Startingly	By sudden fits or starts; spasmodically.
Startish	Apt to start; skittish; shy; -- said especially of a horse.
Startled	of Startle
Startling	of Startle
Startle	To move suddenly, or be excited, on feeling alarm; to start.
Startle	To excite by sudden alarm, surprise, or apprehension; to frighten suddenly and not seriously; to alarm; to surprise.
Startle	To deter; to cause to deviate.
Startle	A sudden motion or shock caused by an unexpected alarm, surprise, or apprehension of danger.
Startlingly	In a startling manner.
Startlish	Easily startled; apt to start; startish; skittish; -- said especially of a hourse.
Start-up	One who comes suddenly into notice; an upstart.
Start-up	A kind of high rustic shoe.
Start-up	Upstart.
Starvation	The act of starving, or the state of being starved.
Starved	of Starve
Starving	of Starve
Starve	To die; to perish.
Starve	To perish with hunger; to suffer extreme hunger or want; to be very indigent.
Starve	To perish or die with cold.
Starve	To destroy with cold.
Starve	To kill with hunger; as, maliciously to starve a man is, in law, murder.
Starve	To distress or subdue by famine; as, to starvea garrison into a surrender.
Starve	To destroy by want of any kind; as, to starve plans by depriving them of proper light and air.
Starve	To deprive of force or vigor; to disable.
Starvedly	In the condition of one starved or starving; parsimoniously.
Starveling	One who, or that which, pines from lack or food, or nutriment.
Starveling	Hungry; lean; pining with want.
Starwort	Any plant of the genus Aster. See Aster.
Starwort	A small plant of the genus Stellaria, having star-shaped flowers; star flower; chickweed.
Stasmia	of Stasimon
Stasimon	In the Greek tragedy, a song of the chorus, continued without the interruption of dialogue or anapaestics.
Stasis	A slackening or arrest of the blood current in the vessels, due not to a lessening of the heart's beat, but presumably to some abnormal resistance of the capillary walls. It is one of the phenomena observed in the capillaries in inflammation.
Statable	That can be stated; as, a statablegrievance; the question at issue is statable.
Statal	Of, pertaining to, or existing with reference to, a State of the American Union, as distinguished from the general government.
Statant	In a standing position; as, a lion statant.
Statarian	Fixed; settled; steady; statary.
Statarianly	Fixedly; steadly.
Statary	Fixed; settled.
State	The circumstances or condition of a being or thing at any given time.
State	Rank; condition; quality; as, the state of honor.
State	Condition of prosperity or grandeur; wealthy or prosperous circumstances; social importance.
State	Appearance of grandeur or dignity; pomp.
State	A chair with a canopy above it, often standing on a dais; a seat of dignity; also, the canopy itself.
State	Estate, possession.
State	A person of high rank.
State	Any body of men united by profession, or constituting a community of a particular character; as, the civil and ecclesiastical states, or the lords spiritual and temporal and the commons, in Great Britain.  Cf. Estate, n., 6.
State	The principal persons in a government.
State	The bodies that constitute the legislature of a country; as, the States-general of Holland.
State	A form of government which is not monarchial, as a republic.
State	A political body, or body politic; the whole body of people who are united one government, whatever may be the form of the government; a nation.
State	In the United States, one of the commonwealth, or bodies politic, the people of which make up the body of the nation, and which, under the national constitution, stands in certain specified relations with the national government, and are invested, as commonwealth, with full power in their several spheres over all matters not expressly inhibited.
State	Highest and stationary condition, as that of maturity between growth and decline, or as that of crisis between the increase and the abating of a disease; height; acme.
State	Stately.
State	Belonging to the state, or body politic; public.
Stated	of State
Stating	of State
State	To set; to settle; to establish.
State	To express the particulars of; to set down in detail or in gross; to represent fully in words; to narrate; to recite; as, to state the facts of a case, one's opinion, etc.
State	A statement; also, a document containing a statement.
Statecraft	The art of conducting state affairs; state management; statesmanship.
Stated	Settled; established; fixed.
Stated	Recurring at regular time; not occasional; as, stated preaching; stated business hours.
Statedly	At stated times; regularly.
Stateful	Full of state; stately.
Statehood	The condition of being a State; as, a territory seeking Statehood.
Statehouse	The building in which a State legislature holds its sessions; a State capitol.
Stateless	Without state or pomp.
Statelily	In a stately manner.
Stateliness	The quality or state of being stately.
Stately	Evincing state or dignity; lofty; majestic; grand; as, statelymanners; a stately gait.
Stately	Majestically; loftily.
Statement	The act of stating, reciting, or presenting, orally or in paper; as, to interrupt a speaker in the statement of his case.
Statement	That which is stated; a formal embodiment in language of facts or opinions; a narrative; a recital.
Statemonger	One versed in politics, or one who dabbles in state affairs.
Stateprison	See under State, n.
Stater	One who states.
Stater	The principal gold coin of ancient Grece. It varied much in value, the stater best known at Athens being worth about 1 2s., or about $5.35. The Attic silver tetradrachm was in later times called stater.
Stateroom	A magnificent room in a place or great house.
Stateroom	A small apartment for lodging or sleeping in the cabin, or on the deck, of a vessel; also, a somewhat similar apartment in a railway sleeping car.
States-general	In France, before the Revolution, the assembly of the three orders of the kingdom, namely, the clergy, the nobility, and the third estate, or commonalty.
States-general	In the Netherlands, the legislative body, composed of two chambers.
Statesmen	of Statesman
Statesman	A man versed in public affairs and in the principles and art of government; especially, one eminent for political abilities.
Statesman	One occupied with the affairs of government, and influental in shaping its policy.
Statesman	A small landholder.
Statesmanlike	Having the manner or wisdom of statesmen; becoming a statesman.
Statesmanly	Becoming a statesman.
Statesmanship	The qualifications, duties, or employments of a statesman.
Stateswomen	of Stateswoman
Stateswoman	A woman concerned in public affairs.
Stathmograph	A contrivance for recording the speed of a railway train.
Static	Alt. of Statical
Statical	Resting; acting by mere weight without motion; as, statical pressure; static objects.
Statical	Pertaining to bodies at rest or in equilibrium.
Statically	In a statical manner.
Statics	That branch of mechanics which treats of the equilibrium of forces, or relates to bodies as held at rest by the forces acting on them; -- distinguished from dynamics.
Stating	The act of one who states anything; statement; as, the statingof one's opinions.
Station	The act of standing; also, attitude or pose in standing; posture.
Station	A state of standing or rest; equilibrium.
Station	The spot or place where anything stands, especially where a person or thing habitually stands, or is appointed to remain for a time; as, the station of a sentinel.
Station	A regular stopping place in a stage road or route; a place where railroad trains regularly come to a stand, for the convenience of passengers, taking in fuel, moving freight, etc.
Station	The headquarters of the police force of any precinct.
Station	The place at which an instrument is planted, or observations are made, as in surveying.
Station	The particular place, or kind of situation, in which a species naturally occurs; a habitat.
Station	A place to which ships may resort, and where they may anchor safely.
Station	A place or region to which a government ship or fleet is assigned for duty.
Station	A place calculated for the rendezvous of troops, or for the distribution of them; also, a spot well adapted for offensive measures. Wilhelm (Mil. Dict.).
Station	An enlargement in a shaft or galley, used as a landing, or passing place, or for the accomodation of a pump, tank, etc.
Station	Post assigned; office; the part or department of public duty which a person is appointed to perform; sphere of duty or occupation; employment.
Station	Situation; position; location.
Station	State; rank; condition of life; social status.
Station	The fast of the fourth and sixth days of the week, Wednesday and Friday, in memory of the council which condemned Christ, and of his passion.
Station	A church in which the procession of the clergy halts on stated days to say stated prayers.
Station	One of the places at which ecclesiastical processions pause for the performance of an act of devotion; formerly, the tomb of a martyr, or some similarly consecrated spot; now, especially, one of those representations of the successive stages of our Lord's passion which are often placed round the naves of large churches and by the side of the way leading to sacred edifices or shrines, and which are visited in rotation, stated services being performed at each; -- called also Station of the cross.
Stationed	of Station
Stationing	of Station
Station	To place; to set; to appoint or assign to the occupation of a post, place, or office; as, to station troops on the right of an army; to station a sentinel on a rampart; to station ships on the coasts of Africa.
Stational	Of or pertaining to a station.
Stationariness	The quality or state of being stationary; fixity.
Stationary	Not moving; not appearing to move; stable; fixed.
Stationary	Not improving or getting worse; not growing wiser, greater, better, more excellent, or the contrary.
Stationary	Appearing to be at rest, because moving in the line of vision; not progressive or retrograde, as a planet.
-ries	of Stationary
Stationary	One who, or that which, is stationary, as a planet when apparently it has neither progressive nor retrograde motion.
Stationer	A bookseller or publisher; -- formerly so called from his occupying a stand, or station, in the market place or elsewhere.
Stationer	One who sells paper, pens, quills, inkstands, pencils, blank books, and other articles used in writing.
Stationery	The articles usually sold by stationers, as paper, pens, ink, quills, blank books, etc.
Stationery	Belonging to, or sold by, a stationer.
Statism	The art of governing a state; statecraft; policy.
Statist	A statesman; a politician; one skilled in government.
Statist	A statistician.
Statistic	Alt. of Statistical
Statistical	Of or pertaining to statistics; as, statistical knowledge, statistical tabulation.
Statistically	In the way of statistics.
Statistician	One versed in statistics; one who collects and classifies facts for statistics.
Statistics	The science which has to do with the collection and classification of certain facts respecting the condition of the people in a state.
Statistics	Classified facts respecting the condition of the people in a state, their health, their longevity, domestic economy, arts, property, and political strength, their resources, the state of the country, etc., or respecting any particular class or interest; especially, those facts which can be stated in numbers, or in tables of numbers, or in any tabular and classified arrangement.
Statistics	The branch of mathematics which studies methods for the calculation of probabilities.
Statistology	See Statistics, 2.
Stative	Of or pertaining to a fixed camp, or military posts or quarters.
Statoblast	One of a peculiar kind of internal buds, or germs, produced in the interior of certain Bryozoa and sponges, especially in the fresh-water species; -- also called winter buds.
Statocracy	Government by the state, or by political power, in distinction from government by ecclesiastical power.
Statua	A statue.
Statuaries	of Statuary
Statuary	One who practices the art of making statues.
Statuary	The art of carving statues or images as representatives of real persons or things; a branch of sculpture.
Statuary	A collection of statues; statues, collectively.
Statue	The likeness of a living being sculptured or modeled in some solid substance, as marble, bronze, or wax; an image; as, a statue of Hercules, or of a lion.
Statue	A portrait.
Statued	of Statue
Statuing	of Statue
Statue	To place, as a statue; to form a statue of; to make into a statue.
Statued	Adorned with statues.
Statueless	Without a statue.
Statuelike	Like a statue; motionless.
Statuesque	Partaking of, or exemplifying, the characteristics of a statue; having the symmetry, or other excellence, of a statue artistically made; as, statuesquelimbs; a statuesque attitude.
Statuesquely	In a statuesque manner; in a way suggestive of a statue; like a statue.
Statuette	A small statue; -- usually applied to a figure much less than life size, especially when of marble or bronze, or of plaster or clay as a preparation for the marble or bronze, as distinguished from a figure in terra cotta or the like.  Cf. Figurine.
Statuminate	To prop or support.
Stature	The natural height of an animal body; -- generally used of the human body.
Statured	Arrived at full stature.
Status	State; condition; position of affairs.
Status in quo	Alt. of Status quo
Status quo	The state in which anything is already. The phrase is also used retrospectively, as when, on a treaty of place, matters return to the status quo ante bellum, or are left in statu quo ante bellum, i.e., the state (or, in the state) before the war.
Statutable	Made or introduced by statute; proceeding from an act of the legistature; as, a statutable provision or remedy.
Statutable	Made or being in conformity to statute; standard; as, statutable measures.
Statutably	Conformably to statute.
Statute	An act of the legislature of a state or country, declaring, commanding, or prohibiting something; a positive law; the written will of the legislature expressed with all the requisite forms of legislation; -- used in distinction fraom common law. See Common law, under Common, a.
Statute	An act of a corporation or of its founder, intended as a permanent rule or law; as, the statutes of a university.
Statute	An assemblage of farming servants (held possibly by statute) for the purpose of being hired; -- called also statute fair.
Statutory	Enacted by statute; depending on statute for its authority; as, a statutory provision.
Staunch	Alt. of Staunchness
Staunchly	Alt. of Staunchness
Staunchness	See Stanch, Stanchly, etc.
Staurolite	A mineral of a brown to black color occurring in prismatic crystals, often twinned so as to form groups resembling a cross. It is a silicate of aluminia and iron, and is generally found imbedded in mica schist. Called also granatite, and grenatite.
Staurolitic	Of or pertaining to staurolite; resembling or containing staurolite.
Stauroscope	An optical instrument used in determining the position of the planes of light-vibration in sections of crystals.
Staurotide	Staurolite.
Stave	One of a number of narrow strips of wood, or narrow iron plates, placed edge to edge to form the sides, covering, or lining of a vessel or structure; esp., one of the strips which form the sides of a cask, a pail, etc.
Stave	One of the cylindrical bars of a lantern wheel; one of the bars or rounds of a rack, a ladder, etc.
Stave	A metrical portion; a stanza; a staff.
Stave	The five horizontal and parallel lines on and between which musical notes are written or pointed; the staff.
Staved	of Stave
Stove	of Stave
Staving	of Stave
Stave	To break in a stave or the staves of; to break a hole in; to burst; -- often with in; as, to stave a cask; to stave in a boat.
Stave	To push, as with a staff; -- with off.
Stave	To delay by force or craft; to drive away; -- usually with off; as, to stave off the execution of a project.
Stave	To suffer, or cause, to be lost by breaking the cask.
Stave	To furnish with staves or rundles.
Stave	To render impervious or solid by driving with a calking iron; as, to stave lead, or the joints of pipes into which lead has been run.
Stave	To burst in pieces by striking against something; to dash into fragments.
Staves	pl. of Staff.
Staves	pl. of Stave.
Stavesacre	A kind of larkspur (Delphinium Staphysagria), and its seeds, which are violently purgative and emetic. They are used as a parasiticide, and in the East for poisoning fish.
Stavewood	A tall tree (Simaruba amara) growing in tropical America. It is one of the trees which yields quassia.
Staving	A cassing or lining of staves; especially, one encircling a water wheel.
Staw	To be fixed or set; to stay.
Stay	A large, strong rope, employed to support a mast, by being extended from the head of one mast down to some other, or to some part of the vessel. Those which lead forward are called fore-and-aft stays; those which lead to the vessel's side are called backstays. See Illust. of Ship.
Stayed	of Stay
Staid	of Stay
Staying	of Stay
Stay	To stop from motion or falling; to prop; to fix firmly; to hold up; to support.
Stay	To support from sinking; to sustain with strength; to satisfy in part or for the time.
Stay	To bear up under; to endure; to support; to resist successfully.
Stay	To hold from proceeding; to withhold; to restrain; to stop; to hold.
Stay	To hinde/; to delay; to detain; to keep back.
Stay	To remain for the purpose of; to wait for.
Stay	To cause to cease; to put an end to.
Stay	To fasten or secure with stays; as, to stay a flat sheet in a steam boiler.
Stay	To tack, as a vessel, so that the other side of the vessel shall be presented to the wind.
Stay	To remain; to continue in a place; to abide fixed for a space of time; to stop; to stand still.
Stay	To continue in a state.
Stay	To wait; to attend; to forbear to act.
Stay	To dwell; to tarry; to linger.
Stay	To rest; to depend; to rely; to stand; to insist.
Stay	To come to an end; to cease; as, that day the storm stayed.
Stay	To hold out in a race or other contest; as, a horse stays well.
Stay	To change tack; as a ship.
Stay	That which serves as a prop; a support.
Stay	A corset stiffened with whalebone or other material, worn by women, and rarely by men.
Stay	Continuance in a place; abode for a space of time; sojourn; as, you make a short stay in this city.
Stay	Cessation of motion or progression; stand; stop.
Stay	Hindrance; let; check.
Stay	Restraint of passion; moderation; caution; steadiness; sobriety.
Stay	Strictly, a part in tension to hold the parts together, or stiffen them.
Stayed	Staid; fixed; settled; sober; -- now written staid. See Staid.
Stayedly	Staidly. See Staidly.
Stayedness	Staidness.
Stayedness	Solidity; weight.
Stayer	One who upholds or supports that which props; one who, or that which, stays, stops, or restrains; also, colloquially, a horse, man, etc., that has endurance, an a race.
Staylace	A lace for fastening stays.
Stayless	Without stop or delay.
Staymaker	One whose occupation is to make stays.
Staynil	The European starling.
Staysail	Any sail extended on a stay.
Stayship	A remora, -- fabled to stop ships by attaching itself to them.
Stead	Place, or spot, in general.
Stead	Place or room which another had, has, or might have.
Stead	A frame on which a bed is laid; a bedstead.
Stead	A farmhouse and offices.
Stead	To help; to support; to benefit; to assist.
Stead	To fill place of.
Steadfast	Firmly fixed or established; fast fixed; firm.
Steadfast	Not fickle or wavering; constant; firm; resolute; unswerving; steady.
Steadfastly	In a steadfast manner; firmly.
Steadfastness	The quality or state of being steadfast; firmness; fixedness; constancy.
Steadily	In a steady manner.
Steadiness	The quality or state of being steady.
Steading	The brans, stables, cattle-yards, etc., of a farm; -- called also onstead, farmstead, farm offices, or farmery.
Steady	Firm in standing or position; not tottering or shaking; fixed; firm.
Steady	Constant in feeling, purpose, or pursuit; not fickle, changeable, or wavering; not easily moved or persuaded to alter a purpose; resolute; as, a man steady in his principles, in his purpose, or in the pursuit of an object.
Steady	Regular; constant; undeviating; uniform; as, the steady course of the sun; a steady breeze of wind.
Steadied	of Steady
Steadying	of Steady
Steady	To make steady; to hold or keep from shaking, reeling, or falling; to make or keep firm; to support; to make constant, regular, or resolute.
Steady	To become steady; to regain a steady position or state; to move steadily.
Steak	A slice of beef, broiled, or cut for broiling; -- also extended to the meat of other large animals; as, venison steak; bear steak; pork steak; turtle steak.
Steal	A handle; a stale, or stele.
Stole	of Steal
Stolen	of Steal
Stealing	of Steal
Steal	To take and carry away, feloniously; to take without right or leave, and with intent to keep wrongfully; as, to steal the personal goods of another.
Steal	To withdraw or convey clandestinely (reflexive); hence, to creep furtively, or to insinuate.
Steal	To gain by insinuating arts or covert means.
Steal	To get into one's power gradually and by imperceptible degrees; to take possession of by a gradual and imperceptible appropriation; -- with away.
Steal	To accomplish in a concealed or unobserved manner; to try to carry out secretly; as, to steal a look.
Steal	To practice, or be guilty of, theft; to commit larceny or theft.
Steal	To withdraw, or pass privily; to slip in, along, or away, unperceived; to go or come furtively.
Stealer	One who steals; a thief.
Stealer	The endmost plank of a strake which stops short of the stem or stern.
Stealing	The act of taking feloniously the personal property of another without his consent and knowledge; theft; larceny.
Stealing	That which is stolen; stolen property; -- chiefly used in the plural.
Stealingly	By stealing, or as by stealing, furtively, or by an invisible motion.
Stealth	The act of stealing; theft.
Stealth	The thing stolen; stolen property.
Stealth	The bringing to pass anything in a secret or concealed manner; a secret procedure; a clandestine practice or action; -- in either a good or a bad sense.
Stealthful	Given to stealth; stealthy.
Stealthily	In a stealthy manner.
Stealthiness	The state, quality, or character of being stealthy; stealth.
Stealthlike	Stealthy; sly.
Stealthy	Done by stealth; accomplished clandestinely; unperceived; secret; furtive; sly.
Steam	The elastic, aeriform fluid into which water is converted when heated to the boiling points; water in the state of vapor.
Steam	The mist formed by condensed vapor; visible vapor; -- so called in popular usage.
Steam	Any exhalation.
Steamed	of Steam
Steaming	of Steam
Steam	To emit steam or vapor.
Steam	To rise in vapor; to issue, or pass off, as vapor.
Steam	To move or travel by the agency of steam.
Steam	To generate steam; as, the boiler steams well.
Steam	To exhale.
Steam	To expose to the action of steam; to apply steam to for softening, dressing, or preparing; as, to steam wood; to steamcloth; to steam food, etc.
Steamboat	A boat or vessel propelled by steam power; -- generally used of river or coasting craft, as distinguished from ocean steamers.
Steamboating	The occupation or business of running a steamboat, or of transporting merchandise, passengers, etc., by steamboats.
Steamboating	The shearing of a pile of books which are as yet uncovered, or out of boards.
Steam engine	An engine moved by steam.
Steamer	A vessel propelled by steam; a steamship or steamboat.
Steamer	A steam fire engine. See under Steam.
Steamer	A road locomotive for use on common roads, as in agricultural operations.
Steamer	A vessel in which articles are subjected to the action of steam, as in washing, in cookery, and in various processes of manufacture.
Steamer	The steamer duck.
Steaminess	The quality or condition of being steamy; vaporousness; mistness.
Steamship	A ship or seagoing vessel propelled by the power of steam; a steamer.
Steamy	Consisting of, or resembling, steam; full of steam; vaporous; misty.
Stean	See Steen.
Steaningp	See Steening.
Steapsin	An unorganized ferment or enzyme present in pancreatic juice. It decomposes neutral fats into glycerin and fatty acids.
Stearate	A salt of stearic acid; as, ordinary soap consists largely of sodium or potassium stearates.
Stearic	Pertaining to, or obtained from, stearin or tallow; resembling tallow.
Stearin	One of the constituents of animal fats and also of some vegetable fats, as the butter of cacao. It is especially characterized by its solidity, so that when present in considerable quantity it materially increases the hardness, or raises the melting point, of the fat, as in mutton tallow. Chemically, it is a compound of glyceryl with three molecules of stearic acid, and hence is technically called tristearin, or glyceryl tristearate.
Stearolic	Of, pertaining to, or designating, an acid of the acetylene series, isologous with stearis acid, and obtained, as a white crystalline substance, from oleic acid.
Stearone	The ketone of stearic acid, obtained as a white crystalline substance, (C17H35)2.CO, by the distillation of calcium stearate.
Stearoptene	The more solid ingredient of certain volatile oils; -- contrasted with elaeoptene.
Stearrhea	seborrhea.
Stearyl	The hypothetical radical characteristic of stearic acid.
Steatite	A massive variety of talc, of a grayish green or brown color. It forms extensive beds, and is quarried for fireplaces and for coarse utensils. Called also potstone, lard stone, and soapstone.
Steatitic	Pertaining to, or of the nature of, steatite; containing or resembling steatite.
Steatoma	A cyst containing matter like suet.
Steatomatous	Of the nature of steatoma.
Steatopyga	A remarkable accretion of fat upon the buttocks of Africans of certain tribes, especially of Hottentot women.
Steatopygous	Having fat buttocks.
Sted	Alt. of Stedfastly
Stedfast	Alt. of Stedfastly
Stedfastly	See Stead, Steadfast, etc.
Stee	A ladder.
Steed	A horse, especially a spirited horse for state of war; -- used chiefly in poetry or stately prose.
Steedless	Having no steed; without a horse.
Steek	Alt. of Steik
Steik	To pierce with a sharp instrument; hence, to stitch; to sew; also, to fix; to fasten.
Steel	A variety of iron intermediate in composition and properties between wrought iron and cast iron (containing between one half of one per cent and one and a half per cent of carbon), and consisting of an alloy of iron with an iron carbide. Steel, unlike wrought iron, can be tempered, and retains magnetism. Its malleability decreases, and fusibility increases, with an increase in carbon.
Steel	An instrument or implement made of steel
Steel	A weapon, as a sword, dagger, etc.
Steel	An instrument of steel (usually a round rod) for sharpening knives.
Steel	A piece of steel for striking sparks from flint.
Steel	Fig.: Anything of extreme hardness; that which is characterized by sternness or rigor.
Steel	A chalybeate medicine.
Steeled	of Steel
Steeling	of Steel
Steel	To overlay, point, or edge with steel; as, to steel a razor; to steel an ax.
Steel	To make hard or strong; hence, to make insensible or obdurate.
Steel	Fig.: To cause to resemble steel, as in smoothness, polish, or other qualities.
Steel	To cover, as an electrotype plate, with a thin layer of iron by electrolysis. The iron thus deposited is very hard, like steel.
Steelbow goods	Those goods on a farm, such as corn, cattle, implements husbandry, etc., which may not be carried off by a removing tenant, as being the property of the landlord.
Steeler	One who points, edges, or covers with steel.
Steeler	Same as Stealer.
Steelhead	A North Pacific salmon (Salmo Gairdneri) found from Northern California to Siberia; -- called also hardhead, and preesil.
Steelhead	The ruddy duck.
Steeliness	The quality of being steely.
Steeling	The process of pointing, edging, or overlaying with steel; specifically, acierage. See Steel, v.
Steely	Made of steel; consisting of steel.
Steely	Resembling steel; hard; firm; having the color of steel.
Steelyard	A form of balance in which the body to be weighed is suspended from the shorter arm of a lever, which turns on a fulcrum, and a counterpoise is caused to slide upon the longer arm to produce equilibrium, its place upon this arm (which is notched or graduated) indicating the weight; a Roman balance; -- very commonly used also in the plural form, steelyards.
Steem	See Esteem.
Steem	See 1st and 2nd Stem.
Steen	A vessel of clay or stone.
Steen	A wall of brick, stone, or cement, used as a lining, as of a well, cistern, etc.; a steening.
Steen	To line, as a well, with brick, stone, or other hard material.
Steenbok	Same as Steinbock.
Steening	A lining made of brick, stone, or other hard material, as for a well.
Steenkirk	Alt. of Steinkirk
Steinkirk	A kind of neckcloth worn in a loose and disorderly fashion.
Steep	Bright; glittering; fiery.
Steeped	of Steep
Steeping	of Steep
Steep	To soak in a liquid; to macerate; to extract the essence of by soaking; as, to soften seed by steeping it in water. Often used figuratively.
Steep	To undergo the process of soaking in a liquid; as, the tea is steeping.
Steep	Something steeped, or used in steeping; a fertilizing liquid to hasten the germination of seeds.
Steep	A rennet bag.
Steep	Making a large angle with the plane of the horizon; ascending or descending rapidly with respect to a horizontal line or a level; precipitous; as, a steep hill or mountain; a steep roof; a steep ascent; a steep declivity; a steep barometric gradient.
Steep	Difficult of access; not easy reached; lofty; elevated; high.
Steep	Excessive; as, a steep price.
Steep	A precipitous place, hill, mountain, rock, or ascent; any elevated object sloping with a large angle to the plane of the horizon; a precipice.
Steep-down	Deep and precipitous, having steep descent.
Steepened	of Steepen
Steepening	of Steepen
Steepen	To become steep or steeper.
Steeper	A vessel, vat, or cistern, in which things are steeped.
Steepiness	Steepness.
Steepish	Somewhat steep.
Steeple	A spire; also, the tower and spire taken together; the whole of a structure if the roof is of spire form. See Spire.
Steeplechasing	The act of riding steeple chases.
Steeple-crowned	Bearing a steeple; as, a steeple-crowned building.
Steeple-crowned	Having a crown shaped like a steeple; as, a steeple-crowned hat; also, wearing a hat with such a crown.
Steepled	Furnished with, or having the form of, a steeple; adorned with steeples.
Steeply	In a steep manner; with steepness; with precipitous declivity.
Steepness	Quality or state of being steep; precipitous declivity; as, the steepnessof a hill or a roof.
Steepness	Height; loftiness.
Steep-up	Lofty and precipitous.
Steepy	Steep; precipitous.
Steer	A young male of the ox kind; especially, a common ox; a castrated taurine male from two to four years old. See the Note under Ox.
Steer	To castrate; -- said of male calves.
Steered	of Steer
Steering	of Steer
Steer	To direct the course of; to guide; to govern; -- applied especially to a vessel in the water.
Steer	To direct a vessel in its course; to direct one's course.
Steer	To be directed and governed; to take a direction, or course; to obey the helm; as, the boat steers easily.
Steer	To conduct one's self; to take or pursue a course of action.
Steer	A rudder or helm.
Steer	A helmsman, a pilot.
Steerable	Capable of being steered; dirigible.
Steerage	The act or practice of steering, or directing; as, the steerage of a ship.
Steerage	The effect of the helm on a ship; the manner in which an individual ship is affected by the helm.
Steerage	The hinder part of a vessel; the stern.
Steerage	Properly, the space in the after part of a vessel, under the cabin, but used generally to indicate any part of a vessel having the poorest accommodations and occupied by passengers paying the lowest rate of fare.
Steerage	Direction; regulation; management; guidance.
Steerage	That by which a course is directed.
Steerageway	A rate of motion through the water sufficient to render a vessel governable by the helm.
Steerer	One who steers; as, a boat steerer.
Steering	a. & n. from Steer, v.
Steerless	Having no rudder.
Steerling	A young small steer.
Steersmen	of Steersman
Steersman	One who steers; the helmsman of a vessel.
Steersmate	One who steers; steersman.
Steeved	of Steeve
Steeving	of Steeve
Steeve	To project upward, or make an angle with the horizon or with the line of a vessel's keel; -- said of the bowsprit, etc.
Steeve	To elevate or fix at an angle with the horizon; -- said of the bowsprit, etc.
Steeve	To stow, as bales in a vessel's hold, by means of a steeve. See Steeve, n. (b).
Steeve	The angle which a bowsprit makes with the horizon, or with the line of the vessel's keel; -- called also steeving.
Steeve	A spar, with a block at one end, used in stowing cotton bales, and similar kinds of cargo which need to be packed tightly.
Steeving	The act or practice of one who steeves.
Steeving	See Steeve, n. (a).
Steg	A gander.
Steganographist	One skilled in steganography; a cryptographer.
Steganography	The art of writing in cipher, or in characters which are not intelligible except to persons who have the key; cryptography.
Steganophthalmata	The Discophora, or Phanerocarpae. Called also Steganophthalmia.
Steganopod	One of the Steganopodes.
Steganopodes	A division of swimming birds in which all four toes are united by a broad web. It includes the pelicans, cormorants, gannets, and others.
Steganopodous	Having all four toes webbed together.
Stegnosis	Constipation; also, constriction of the vessels or ducts.
Stegnotic	Tending to render costive, or to diminish excretions or discharges generally.
Stegnotic	A stegnotic medicine; an astringent.
Stegocephala	An extinct order of amphibians found fossil in the Mesozoic rocks; called also Stegocephali, and Labyrinthodonta.
Stegosauria	An extinct order of herbivorous dinosaurs, including the genera Stegosaurus, Omosaurus, and their allies.
Stegosaurus	A genus of large Jurassic dinosaurs remarkable for a powerful dermal armature of plates and spines.
Steik	See Steek.
Stein	See Steen.
Steinbock	The European ibex.
Steinbock	A small South African antelope (Nanotragus tragulus) which frequents dry, rocky districts; -- called also steenbok.
Steingale	The stannel.
Steining	See Steening.
Steinkirk	Same as Steenkirk.
Steinkle	The wheater.
Stelae	of Stela
Stela	A small column or pillar, used as a monument, milestone, etc.
Stele	Same as Stela.
Stele	A stale, or handle; a stalk.
Stelene	Resembling, or used as, a stela; columnar.
Stell	To place or fix firmly or permanently.
Stell	A prop; a support, as for the feet in standing or cilmbing.
Stell	A partial inclosure made by a wall or trees, to serve as a shelter for sheep or cattle.
Stellar	Alt. of Stellary
Stellary	Of or pertaining to stars; astral; as, a stellar figure; stellary orbs.
Stellary	Full of stars; starry; as, stellar regions.
Stellate	Alt. of Stellated
Stellated	Resembling a star; pointed or radiated, like the emblem of a star.
Stellated	Starlike; having similar parts radiating from a common center; as, stellate flowers.
Stellation	Radiation of light.
Stelled	Firmly placed or fixed.
Steller	The rytina; -- called also stellerine.
Stellerid	A starfish.
Stellerida	An extensive group of echinoderms, comprising the starfishes and ophiurans.
Stelleridan	Alt. of Stelleridean
Stelleridean	A starfish, or brittle star.
Stelliferous	Having, or abounding with, stars.
Stelliform	Like a star; star-shaped; radiated.
Stellify	To turn into a star; to cause to appear like a star; to place among the stars, or in heaven.
Stellion	A lizard (Stellio vulgaris), common about the Eastern Mediterranean among ruins. In color it is olive-green, shaded with black, with small stellate spots. Called also hardim, and star lizard.
Stellionate	Any fraud not distinguished by a more special name; -- chiefly applied to sales of the same property to two different persons, or selling that for one's own which belongs to another, etc.
Stellular	Having the shape or appearance of little stars; radiated.
Stellular	Marked with starlike spots of color.
Stellulate	Minutely stellate.
Stelmatopoda	Same as Gymnolaemata.
Stelography	The art of writing or inscribing characters on pillars.
Stem	Alt. of Steem
Steem	To gleam.
Stem	Alt. of Steem
Steem	A gleam of light; flame.
Stem	The principal body of a tree, shrub, or plant, of any kind; the main stock; the part which supports the branches or the head or top.
Stem	A little branch which connects a fruit, flower, or leaf with a main branch; a peduncle, pedicel, or petiole; as, the stem of an apple or a cherry.
Stem	The stock of a family; a race or generation of progenitors.
Stem	A branch of a family.
Stem	A curved piece of timber to which the two sides of a ship are united at the fore end. The lower end of it is scarfed to the keel, and the bowsprit rests upon its upper end. Hence, the forward part of a vessel; the bow.
Stem	Fig.: An advanced or leading position; the lookout.
Stem	Anything resembling a stem or stalk; as, the stem of a tobacco pipe; the stem of a watch case, or that part to which the ring, by which it is suspended, is attached.
Stem	That part of a plant which bears leaves, or rudiments of leaves, whether rising above ground or wholly subterranean.
Stem	The entire central axis of a feather.
Stem	The basal portion of the body of one of the Pennatulacea, or of a gorgonian.
Stem	The short perpendicular line added to the body of a note; the tail of a crotchet, quaver, semiquaver, etc.
Stem	The part of an inflected word which remains unchanged (except by euphonic variations) throughout a given inflection; theme; base.
Stem	To remove the stem or stems from; as, to stem cherries; to remove the stem and its appendages (ribs and veins) from; as, to stem tobacco leaves.
Stem	To ram, as clay, into a blasting hole.
Stemmed	of Stem
Stemming	of Stem
Stem	To oppose or cut with, or as with, the stem of a vessel; to resist, or make progress against; to stop or check the flow of, as a current.
Stem	To move forward against an obstacle, as a vessel against a current.
Stem-clasping	Embracing the stem with its base; amplexicaul; as a leaf or petiole.
Stemless	Having no stem; (Bot.) acaulescent.
Stemlet	A small or young stem.
Stemmata	of Stemma
Stemma	One of the ocelli of an insect. See Ocellus.
Stemma	One of the facets of a compound eye of any arthropod.
Stemmer	One who, or that which, stems (in any of the senses of the verbs).
Stemmery	A large building in which tobacco is stemmed.
Stemmy	Abounding in stems, or mixed with stems; -- said of tea, dried currants, etc.
Stemple	A crossbar of wood in a shaft, serving as a step.
Stemson	A piece of curved timber bolted to the stem, keelson, and apron in a ship's frame near the bow.
Stem-winder	A stem-winding watch.
Stem-winding	Wound by mechanism connected with the stem; as, a stem-winding watch.
Stench	To stanch.
Stench	A smell; an odor.
Stench	An ill smell; an offensive odor; a stink.
Stench	To cause to emit a disagreeable odor; to cause to stink.
Stenchy	Having a stench.
Stencil	A thin plate of metal, leather, or other material, used in painting, marking, etc. The pattern is cut out of the plate, which is then laid flat on the surface to be marked, and the color brushed over it. Called also stencil plate.
Stenciled	of Stencil
Stencilled	of Stencil
Stenciling	of Stencil
Stencilling	of Stencil
Stencil	To mark, paint, or color in figures with stencils; to form or print by means of a stencil.
Stenciler	One who paints or colors in figures by means of stencil.
Stenoderm	Any species of bat belonging to the genus Stenoderma, native of the West Indies and South America. These bats have a short or rudimentary tail and a peculiarly shaped nose membrane.
Stenodermine	Of or pertaining to the genus Stenoderma, which includes several West Indian and South American nose-leaf bats.
Stenographed	of Stenograph
Stenographing	of Stenograph
Stenograph	To write or report in stenographic characters.
Stenograph	A production of stenography; anything written in shorthand.
Stenographer	One who is skilled in stenography; a writer of shorthand.
Stenographic	Alt. of Stenographical
Stenographical	Of or pertaining to stenography.
Stenographist	A stenographer.
Stenography	The art of writing in shorthand, by using abbreviations or characters for whole words; shorthand.
Stenophyllous	Having narrow leaves.
Stenosis	A narrowing of the opening or hollow of any passage, tube, or orifice; as, stenosis of the pylorus. It differs from stricture in being applied especially to diffused rather than localized contractions, and in always indicating an origin organic and not spasmodic.
Stenostome	Having a small or narrow mouth; -- said of certain small ground snakes (Opoterodonta), which are unable to dilate their jaws.
Stente	of Stent
Stent	of Stent
Stent	To keep within limits; to restrain; to cause to stop, or cease; to stint.
Stent	To stint; to stop; to cease.
Stent	An allotted portion; a stint.
Stenting	An opening in a wall in a coal mine.
Stentor	A herald, in the Iliad, who had a very loud voice; hence, any person having a powerful voice.
Stentor	Any species of ciliated Infusoria belonging to the genus Stentor and allied genera, common in fresh water. The stentors have a bell-shaped, or cornucopia-like, body with a circle of cilia around the spiral terminal disk. See Illust. under Heterotricha.
Stentor	A howling monkey, or howler.
Stentorian	Of or pertaining to a stentor; extremely loud; powerful; as, a stentorian voice; stentorian lungs.
Stentorin	A blue coloring matter found in some stentors. See Stentor, 2.
Stentorious	Stentorian.
Stentoronic	Stentorian.
Stentorophonic	Speaking or sounding very loud; stentorian.
Stepped	of Step
Stepping	of Step
Step	To move the foot in walking; to advance or recede by raising and moving one of the feet to another resting place, or by moving both feet in succession.
Step	To walk; to go on foot; esp., to walk a little distance; as, to step to one of the neighbors.
Step	To walk slowly, gravely, or resolutely.
Step	Fig.: To move mentally; to go in imagination.
Step	To set, as the foot.
Step	To fix the foot of (a mast) in its step; to erect.
Step	An advance or movement made by one removal of the foot; a pace.
Step	A rest, or one of a set of rests, for the foot in ascending or descending, as a stair, or a round of a ladder.
Step	The space passed over by one movement of the foot in walking or running; as, one step is generally about three feet, but may be more or less. Used also figuratively of any kind of progress; as, he improved step by step, or by steps.
Step	A small space or distance; as, it is but a step.
Step	A print of the foot; a footstep; a footprint; track.
Step	Gait; manner of walking; as, the approach of a man is often known by his step.
Step	Proceeding; measure; action; an act.
Step	Walk; passage.
Step	A portable framework of stairs, much used indoors in reaching to a high position.
Step	In general, a framing in wood or iron which is intended to receive an upright shaft; specif., a block of wood, or a solid platform upon the keelson, supporting the heel of the mast.
Step	One of a series of offsets, or parts, resembling the steps of stairs, as one of the series of parts of a cone pulley on which the belt runs.
Step	A bearing in which the lower extremity of a spindle or a vertical shaft revolves.
Step	The intervak between two contiguous degrees of the csale.
Step	A change of position effected by a motion of translation.
Step-	A prefix used before father, mother, brother, sister, son, daughter, child, etc., to indicate that the person thus spoken of is not a blood relative, but is a relative by the marriage of a parent; as, a stepmother to X is the wife of the father of X, married by him after the death of the mother of X. See Stepchild, Stepdaughter, Stepson, etc.
Stepbrother	A brother by the marriage of one's father with the mother of another, or of one's mother with the father of another.
Stepchild	A bereaved child; one who has lost father or mother.
Stepchild	A son or daughter of one's wife or husband by a former marriage.
Stepdame	A stepmother.
Stepdaughter	A daughter of one's wife or husband by a former marriage.
Stepfather	The husband of one's mother by a subsequent marriage.
Stephanion	The point on the side of the skull where the temporal line, or upper edge of the temporal fossa, crosses the coronal suture.
Stephanite	A sulphide of antimony and silver of an iron-black color and metallic luster; called also black silver, and brittle silver ore.
Stephanotis	A genus of climbing asclepiadaceous shrubs, of Madagascar, Malaya, etc. They have fleshy or coriaceous opposite leaves, and large white waxy flowers in cymes.
Stephanotis	A perfume said to be prepared from the flowers of Stephanotis floribunda.
Stepladder	A portable set of steps.
Stepmother	The wife of one's father by a subsequent marriage.
Stepparent	Stepfather or stepmother.
Steppe	One of the vast plains in Southeastern Europe and in Asia, generally elevated, and free from wood, analogous to many of the prairies in Western North America. See Savanna.
Stepped	Provided with a step or steps; having a series of offsets or parts resembling the steps of stairs; as, a stepped key.
Stepper	One who, or that which, steps; as, a quick stepper.
Stepping-stone	A stone to raise the feet above the surface of water or mud in walking.
Stepping-stone	Fig.: A means of progress or advancement.
Stepsister	A daughter of one's stepfather or stepmother by a former marriage.
Stepson	A son of one's husband or wife by a former marriage.
Stepstone	A stone laid before a door as a stair to rise on in entering the house.
-ster	A suffix denoting the agent (originally a woman), especially a person who does something with skill or as an occupation; as in spinster (originally, a woman who spins), songster, baxter (= bakester), youngster.
Stercobilin	A coloring matter found in the faeces, a product of the alteration of the bile pigments in the intestinal canal, -- identical with hydrobilirubin.
Stercolin	Same as Serolin (b).
Stercoraceous	Of or pertaining to dung; partaking of the nature of, or containing, dung.
Stercoranism	The doctrine or belief of the Stercoranists.
Stercoranist	A nickname formerly given to those who held, or were alleged to hold, that the consecrated elements in the eucharist undergo the process of digestion in the body of the recipient.
Stercorarian	A Stercoranist.
Stercorary	A place, properly secured from the weather, for containing dung.
Stercorate	Excrement; dung.
Stercoration	Manuring with dung.
Stercorianism	The doctrine or belief of the Stercoranists.
Stercorin	Same as Serolin (b).
Stercory	Excrement; dung.
Sterculiaceous	Of or pertaining to a natural order (Sterculiaceae) of polypetalous exogenous plants, mostly tropical. The cacao (Theobroma Cacao) is the most useful plant of the order.
Stere	A unit of cubic measure in the metric system, being a cubic meter, or kiloliter, and equal to 35.3 cubic feet, or nearly 1/ cubic yards.
Stere	To stir.
Stere	A rudder. See 5th Steer.
Stere	Helmsman. See 6th Steer.
Sterelmintha	Same as Platyelminthes.
Stereo-	A combining form meaning solid, hard, firm, as in stereo-chemistry, stereography.
Stereobate	The lower part or basement of a building or pedestal; -- used loosely for several different forms of basement.
Stereo-chemic	Alt. of Stereo-chemical
Stereo-chemical	Pertaining to, or illustrating, the hypothetical space relations of atoms in the molecule; as, a stereo-chemic formula.
Stereo-chemistry	Chemistry considered with reference to the space relations of atoms.
Stereochrome	Stereochromic picture.
Stereochromic	Pertaining to the art of stereochromy; produced by stereochromy.
Stereochromy	A style of painting on plastered walls or stone, in which the colors are rendered permanent by sprinklings of water, in which is mixed a proportion of soluble glass (a silicate of soda).
Stereoelectric	Of or pertaining to the generation of electricity by means of solid bodies alone; as, a stereoelectric current is one obtained by means of solids, without any liquid.
Stereogram	A diagram or picture which represents objects in such a way as to give the impression of relief or solidity; also, a stereograph.
Stereograph	Any picture, or pair of pictures, prepared for exhibition in the stereoscope. Stereographs are now commonly made by means of photography.
Stereographic	Alt. of Stereographical
Stereographical	Made or done according to the rules of stereography; delineated on a plane; as, a stereographic chart of the earth.
Stereographically	In a stereographical manner; by delineation on a plane.
Stereography	The art of delineating the forms of solid bodies on a plane; a branch of solid geometry which shows the construction of all solids which are regularly defined.
Stereometer	An instrument for measuring the solid contents of a body, or the capacity of a vessel; a volumenometer.
Stereometer	An instrument for determining the specific gravity of liquid bodies, porous bodies, and powders, as well as solids.
Stereometric	Alt. of Stereometrical
Stereometrical	Of or pertaining to stereometry; performed or obtained by stereometry.
Stereometry	The art of measuring and computing the cubical contents of bodies and figures; -- distinguished from planimetry.
Stereomonoscope	An instrument with two lenses, by which an image of a single picture projected upon a screen of ground glass is made to present an appearance of relief, and may be viewed by several persons at once.
Stereoplasm	The solid or insoluble portion of the cell protoplasm. See Hygroplasm.
Stereopticon	An instrument, consisting essentially of a magic lantern in which photographic pictures are used, by which the image of a landscape, or any object, may be thrown upon a screen in such a manner as to seem to stand out in relief, so as to form a striking and accurate representation of the object itself; also, a pair of magic lanterns for producing the effect of dissolving views.
Stereoscope	An optical instrument for giving to pictures the appearance of solid forms, as seen in nature. It combines in one, through a bending of the rays of light, two pictures, taken for the purpose from points of view a little way apart. It is furnished with two eyeglasses, and by refraction or reflection the pictures are superimposed, so as to appear as one to the observer.
Stereoscopic	Alt. of Stereoscopical
Stereoscopical	Of or pertaining to the stereoscope; characteristic of, or adapted to, the stereoscope; as, a stereoscopic effect; the stereoscopic function of the eyeglasses; stereoscopic views.
Stereoscopist	One skilled in the use or construction of stereoscopes.
Stereoscopy	The art or science of using the stereoscope, or of constructing the instrument or the views used with it.
Stereostatic	Geostatic.
Stereotomic	Alt. of Stereotomical
Stereotomical	Of or pertaining to stereotomy; performed by stereotomy.
Stereotomy	The science or art of cutting solids into certain figures or sections, as arches, and the like; especially, the art of stonecutting.
Stereotype	A plate forming an exact faximile of a page of type or of an engraving, used in printing books, etc.; specifically, a plate with type-metal face, used for printing.
Stereotype	The art or process of making such plates, or of executing work by means of them.
Stereotyped	of Stereotype
Stereotyping	of Stereotype
Stereotype	To prepare for printing in stereotype; to make the stereotype plates of; as, to stereotype the Bible.
Stereotype	Fig.: To make firm or permanent; to fix.
Stereotyped	Formed into, or printed from, stereotype plates.
Stereotyped	Fig.: Formed in a fixed, unchangeable manner; as, stereotyped opinions.
Stereotyper	One who stereotypes; one who makes stereotype plates, or works in a stereotype foundry.
Stereotypery	The art, process, or employment of making stereotype plates.
Stereotypery	A place where stereotype plates are made; a stereotype foundry.
Stereotypic	Of or pertaining to stereotype, or stereotype plates.
Stereotypist	A stereotyper.
Stereotypographer	A stereotype printer.
Stereotypography	The act or art of printing from stereotype plates.
Stereotypy	The art or process of making stereotype plates.
Sterhydraulic	Pertaining to, or designating, a kind of hydraulic press; resembling such a press in action or principle.
Sterile	Producing little or no crop; barren; unfruitful; unproductive; not fertile; as, sterile land; a sterile desert; a sterile year.
Sterile	Incapable of reproduction; unfitted for reproduction of offspring; not able to germinate or bear fruit; unfruitful; as, a sterile flower, which bears only stamens.
Sterile	Free from reproductive spores or germs; as, a sterile fluid.
Sterile	Fig.: Barren of ideas; destitute of sentiment; as, a sterile production or author.
Sterility	The quality or condition of being sterile.
Sterility	Quality of being sterile; infecundity; also, the state of being free from germs or spores.
Sterilization	The act or process of sterilizing, or rendering sterile; also, the state of being sterile.
Sterilized	of Sterilize
Sterilizing	of Sterilize
Sterilize	To make sterile or unproductive; to impoverish, as land; to exhaust of fertility.
Sterilize	To deprive of the power of reproducing; to render incapable of germination or fecundation; to make sterile.
Sterilize	To destroy all spores or germs in (an organic fluid or mixture), as by heat, so as to prevent the development of bacterial or other organisms.
Sterlet	A small sturgeon (Acipenser ruthenus) found in the Caspian Sea and its rivers, and highly esteemed for its flavor. The finest caviare is made from its roe.
Sterling	Same as Starling, 3.
Sterling	Any English coin of standard value; coined money.
Sterling	A certain standard of quality or value for money.
Sterling	Belonging to, or relating to, the standard British money of account, or the British coinage; as, a pound sterling; a shilling sterling; a penny sterling; -- now chiefly applied to the lawful money of England; but sterling cost, sterling value, are used.
Sterling	Genuine; pure; of excellent quality; conforming to the highest standard; of full value; as, a work of sterling merit; a man of sterling good sense.
Stern	The black tern.
Stern	Having a certain hardness or severity of nature, manner, or aspect; hard; severe; rigid; rigorous; austere; fixed; unchanging; unrelenting; hence, serious; resolute; harsh; as, a sternresolve; a stern necessity; a stern heart; a stern gaze; a stern decree.
Stern	The helm or tiller of a vessel or boat; also, the rudder.
Stern	The after or rear end of a ship or other vessel, or of a boat; the part opposite to the stem, or prow.
Stern	Fig.: The post of management or direction.
Stern	The hinder part of anything.
Stern	The tail of an animal; -- now used only of the tail of a dog.
Stern	Being in the stern, or being astern; as, the stern davits.
Sternage	Stern.
Sternal	Of or pertaining to the sternum; in the region of the sternum.
Sternbergite	A sulphide of silver and iron, occurring in soft flexible laminae varying in color from brown to black.
Sternebrae	of Sternebra
Sternebra	One of the segments of the sternum.
Sterned	Having a stern of a particular shape; -- used in composition; as, square-sterned.
Sterner	A director.
Sternforemost	With the stern, instead of the bow, in advance; hence, figuratively, in an awkward, blundering manner.
Sternite	The sternum of an arthropod somite.
Sternly	In a stern manner.
Sternmost	Farthest in the rear; farthest astern; as, the sternmost ship in a convoy.
Sternness	The quality or state of being stern.
Sterno-	A combining form used in anatomy to indicate connection with, or relation to, the sternum; as, sternocostal, sternoscapular.
Sternocoracoid	Of or pertaining to the sternum and the coracoid.
Sternocostal	Of or pertaining to the sternum and the ribs; as, the sternocostal cartilages.
Sternohyoid	Of or pertaining to the sternum and the hyoid bone or cartilage.
Sternomastoid	Of or pertaining to the sternum and the mastoid process.
Sternothyroid	Of or pertaining to the sternum and the thyroid cartilage.
Sternpost	A straight piece of timber, or an iron bar or beam, erected on the extremity of the keel to support the rudder, and receive the ends of the planks or plates of the vessel.
Sternsman	A steersman.
Sternson	The end of a ship's keelson, to which the sternpost is bolted; -- called also stern knee.
Sterna	of Sternum
Sternums	of Sternum
Sternum	A plate of cartilage, or a series of bony or cartilaginous plates or segments, in the median line of the pectoral skeleton of most vertebrates above fishes; the breastbone.
Sternum	The ventral part of any one of the somites of an arthropod.
Sternutation	The act of sneezing.
Sternutative	Having the quality of provoking to sneeze.
Sternutatory	Sternutative.
Sternutatory	A sternutatory substance or medicine.
Sternway	The movement of a ship backward, or with her stern foremost.
Stern-wheel	Having a paddle wheel at the stern; as, a stern-wheel steamer.
Stern-wheeler	A steamboat having a stern wheel instead of side wheels.
Sterquilinous	Pertaining to a dunghill; hence, mean; dirty; paltry.
Sterre	A star.
Sterrink	The crab-eating seal (Lobodon carcinophaga) of the Antarctic Ocean.
Sterrometal	Any alloy of copper, zinc, tin, and iron, of which cannon are sometimes made.
Stert	Started.
Sterte	p. p. of Start.
Stertorious	Stertorous.
Stertorous	Characterized by a deep snoring, which accompaines inspiration in some diseases, especially apoplexy; hence, hoarsely breathing; snoring.
Sterve	To die, or cause to die; to perish. See Starve.
Stet	Let it stand; -- a word used by proof readers to signify that something once erased, or marked for omission, is to remain.
Stetted	of Stet
Stetting	of Stet
Stet	To cause or direct to remain after having been marked for omission; to mark with the word stet, or with a series of dots below or beside the matter; as, the proof reader stetted a deled footnote.
Stethal	One of the higher alcohols of the methane series, homologous with ethal, and found in small quantities as an ethereal salt of stearic acid in spermaceti.
Stethograph	See Pneumatograph.
Stethometer	An apparatus for measuring the external movements of a given point of the chest wall, during respiration; -- also called thoracometer.
Stethoscope	An instrument used in auscultation for examining the organs of the chest, as the heart and lungs, by conveying to the ear of the examiner the sounds produced in the thorax.
Stethoscope	To auscultate, or examine, with a stethoscope.
Stethoscopic	Alt. of Stethoscopical
Stethoscopical	Of or pertaining to a stethoscope; obtained or made by means of a stethoscope.
Stethoscopist	One skilled in the use of the stethoscope.
Stethoscopy	The art or process of examination by the stethoscope.
Steve	To pack or stow, as cargo in a ship's hold. See Steeve.
Stevedore	One whose occupation is to load and unload vessels in port; one who stows a cargo in a hold.
Steven	Voice; speech; language.
Steven	An outcry; a loud call; a clamor.
Stew	A small pond or pool where fish are kept for the table; a vivarium.
Stew	An artificial bed of oysters.
Stewed	of Stew
Stewing	of Stew
Stew	To boil slowly, or with the simmering or moderate heat; to seethe; to cook in a little liquid, over a gentle fire, without boiling; as, to stew meat; to stew oysters; to stew apples.
Stew	To be seethed or cooked in a slow, gentle manner, or in heat and moisture.
Stew	A place of stewing or seething; a place where hot bathes are furnished; a hothouse.
Stew	A brothel; -- usually in the plural.
Stew	A prostitute.
Stew	A dish prepared by stewing; as, a stewof pigeons.
Stew	A state of agitating excitement; a state of worry; confusion; as, to be in a stew.
Steward	A man employed in a large family, or on a large estate, to manage the domestic concerns, supervise other servants, collect the rents or income, keep accounts, and the like.
Steward	A person employed in a hotel, or a club, or on board a ship, to provide for the table, superintend the culinary affairs, etc. In naval vessels, the captain's steward, wardroom steward, steerage steward, warrant officers steward, etc., are petty officers who provide for the messes under their charge.
Steward	A fiscal agent of certain bodies; as, a steward in a Methodist church.
Steward	In some colleges, an officer who provides food for the students and superintends the kitchen; also, an officer who attends to the accounts of the students.
Steward	In Scotland, a magistrate appointed by the crown to exercise jurisdiction over royal lands.
Steward	To manage as a steward.
Stewardess	A female steward; specifically, a woman employed in passenger vessels to attend to the wants of female passengers.
Stewardly	In a manner, or with the care, of a steward.
Stewardship	The office of a steward.
Stewartry	An overseer or superintendent.
Stewartry	The office of a steward; stewardship.
Stewartry	In Scotland, the jurisdiction of a steward; also, the lands under such jurisdiction.
Stewish	Suiting a stew, or brothel.
Stewpan	A pan used for stewing.
Stewpot	A pot used for stewing.
Stey	See Stee.
Sthenic	Strong; active; -- said especially of morbid states attended with excessive action of the heart and blood vessels, and characterized by strength and activity of the muscular and nervous system; as, a sthenic fever.
Stiacciato	The lowest relief, -- often used in Italian sculpture of the 15th and 16th centuries.
Stian	A sty on the eye. See Styan.
Stibborn	Stubborn.
Stibial	Like, or having the qualities of, antimony; antimonial.
Stibialism	Antimonial intoxication or poisoning.
Stibiated	Combined or impregnated with antimony (stibium).
Stibic	Antimonic; -- used with reference to certain compounds of antimony.
Stibiconite	A native oxide of antimony occurring in masses of a yellow color.
Stibine	Antimony hydride, or hydrogen antimonide, a colorless gas produced by the action of nascent hydrogen on antimony. It has a characteristic odor and burns with a characteristic greenish flame. Formerly called also antimoniureted hydrogen.
Stibious	Antimonious.
Stibium	The technical name of antimony.
Stibium	Stibnite.
Stibnite	A mineral of a lead-gray color and brilliant metallic luster, occurring in prismatic crystals; sulphide of antimony; -- called also antimony glance, and gray antimony.
Stibonium	The hypothetical radical SbH4, analogous to ammonium; -- called also antimonium.
Sticcado	An instrument consisting of small bars of wood, flat at the bottom and rounded at the top, and resting on the edges of a kind of open box. They are unequal in size, gradually increasing from the smallest to the largest, and are tuned to the diatonic scale. The tones are produced by striking the pieces of wood with hard balls attached to flexible sticks.
Stich	A verse, of whatever measure or number of feet.
Stich	A line in the Scriptures; specifically (Hebrew Scriptures), one of the rhythmic lines in the poetical books and passages of the Old Treatment, as written in the oldest Hebrew manuscripts and in the Revised Version of the English Bible.
Stich	A row, line, or rank of trees.
Stichic	Of or pertaining to stichs, or lines; consisting of stichs, or lines.
Stichida	of Stichidium
Stichidium	A special podlike or fusiform branch containing tetraspores. It is found in certain red algae.
Stichomancy	Divination by lines, or passages of books, taken at hazard.
Stichometrical	Of or pertaining to stichometry; characterized by stichs, or lines.
Stichometry	Measurement of books by the number of lines which they contain.
Stichometry	Division of the text of a book into lines; especially, the division of the text of books into lines accommodated to the sense, -- a method of writing manuscripts used before punctuation was adopted.
Stichwort	A kind of chickweed (Stellaria Holostea).
Stick	A small shoot, or branch, separated, as by a cutting, from a tree or shrub; also, any stem or branch of a tree, of any size, cut for fuel or timber.
Stick	Any long and comparatively slender piece of wood, whether in natural form or shaped with tools; a rod; a wand; a staff; as, the stick of a rocket; a walking stick.
Stick	Anything shaped like a stick; as, a stick of wax.
Stick	A derogatory expression for a person; one who is inert or stupid; as, an odd stick; a poor stick.
Stick	A composing stick. See under Composing. It is usually a frame of metal, but for posters, handbills, etc., one made of wood is used.
Stick	A thrust with a pointed instrument; a stab.
Stuck	of Stick
Sticked	of Stick
Sticking	of Stick
Stick	To penetrate with a pointed instrument; to pierce; to stab; hence, to kill by piercing; as, to stick a beast.
Stick	To cause to penetrate; to push, thrust, or drive, so as to pierce; as, to stick a needle into one's finger.
Stick	To fasten, attach, or cause to remain, by thrusting in; hence, also, to adorn or deck with things fastened on as by piercing; as, to stick a pin on the sleeve.
Stick	To set; to fix in; as, to stick card teeth.
Stick	To set with something pointed; as, to stick cards.
Stick	To fix on a pointed instrument; to impale; as, to stick an apple on a fork.
Stick	To attach by causing to adhere to the surface; as, to stick on a plaster; to stick a stamp on an envelope; also, to attach in any manner.
Stick	To compose; to set, or arrange, in a composing stick; as, to stick type.
Stick	To run or plane (moldings) in a machine, in contradistinction to working them by hand. Such moldings are said to be stuck.
Stick	To cause to stick; to bring to a stand; to pose; to puzzle; as, to stick one with a hard problem.
Stick	To impose upon; to compel to pay; sometimes, to cheat.
Stick	To adhere; as, glue sticks to the fingers; paste sticks to the wall.
Stick	To remain where placed; to be fixed; to hold fast to any position so as to be moved with difficulty; to cling; to abide; to cleave; to be united closely.
Stick	To be prevented from going farther; to stop by reason of some obstacle; to be stayed.
Stick	To be embarrassed or puzzled; to hesitate; to be deterred, as by scruples; to scruple; -- often with at.
Stick	To cause difficulties, scruples, or hesitation.
Sticked	Stuck.
Sticker	One who, or that which, sticks; as, a bill sticker.
Sticker	That which causes one to stick; that which puzzles or poses.
Sticker	In the organ, a small wooden rod which connects (in part) a key and a pallet, so as to communicate motion by pushing.
Sticker	Same as Paster, 2.
Stickfuls	of Stickful
Stickful	As much set type as fills a composing stick.
Stickiness	The quality of being sticky; as, the stickiness of glue or paste.
Sticking	a. & n. from Stick, v.
Stickit	Stuck; spoiled in making.
Stick-lac	See the Note under Lac.
Stickled	of Stickle
Stickling	of Stickle
Stickle	To separate combatants by intervening.
Stickle	To contend, contest, or altercate, esp. in a pertinacious manner on insufficient grounds.
Stickle	To play fast and loose; to pass from one side to the other; to trim.
Stickle	To separate, as combatants; hence, to quiet, to appease, as disputants.
Stickle	To intervene in; to stop, or put an end to, by intervening; hence, to arbitrate.
Stickle	A shallow rapid in a river; also, the current below a waterfall.
Stickleback	Any one of numerous species of small fishes of the genus Gasterosteus and allied genera. The back is armed with two or more sharp spines. They inhabit both salt and brackish water, and construct curious nests. Called also sticklebag, sharpling, and prickleback.
Stickler	One who stickles.
Stickler	One who arbitrates a duel; a sidesman to a fencer; a second; an umpire.
Stickler	One who pertinaciously contends for some trifling things, as a point of etiquette; an unreasonable, obstinate contender; as, a stickler for ceremony.
Stick-seed	A plant (Echinospermum Lappula) of the Borage family, with small blue flowers and prickly nutlets.
Sticktail	The ruddy duck.
Stick-tight	Beggar's ticks.
Sticky	Having the quality of sticking to a surface; adhesive; gluey; viscous; viscid; glutinous; tenacious.
Stiddy	An anvil; also, a smith shop. See Stithy.
Stiff	Not easily bent; not flexible or pliant; not limber or flaccid; rigid; firm; as, stiff wood, paper, joints.
Stiff	Not liquid or fluid; thick and tenacious; inspissated; neither soft nor hard; as, the paste is stiff.
Stiff	Firm; strong; violent; difficult to oppose; as, a stiff gale or breeze.
Stiff	Not easily subdued; unyielding; stubborn; obstinate; pertinacious; as, a stiff adversary.
Stiff	Not natural and easy; formal; constrained; affected; starched; as, stiff behavior; a stiff style.
Stiff	Harsh; disagreeable; severe; hard to bear.
Stiff	Bearing a press of canvas without careening much; as, a stiff vessel; -- opposed to crank.
Stiff	Very large, strong, or costly; powerful; as, a stiff charge; a stiff price.
Stiff-backed	Obstinate.
Stiffened	of Stiffen
Stiffening	of Stiffen
Stiffen	To make stiff; to make less pliant or flexible; as, to stiffen cloth with starch.
Stiffen	To inspissate; to make more thick or viscous; as, to stiffen paste.
Stiffen	To make torpid; to benumb.
Stiffen	To become stiff or stiffer, in any sense of the adjective.
Stiffener	One who, or that which, stiffens anything, as a piece of stiff cloth in a cravat.
Stiffening	Act or process of making stiff.
Stiffening	Something used to make anything stiff.
Stiff-hearted	Obstinate; stubborn; contumacious.
Stiffish	Somewhat stiff.
Stiffly	In a stiff manner.
Stiff-necked	Stubborn; inflexibly obstinate; contumacious; as, stiff-necked pride; a stiff-necked people.
Stiff-neckedness	The quality or state of being stiff-necked; stubbornness.
Stiffness	The quality or state of being stiff; as, the stiffness of cloth or of paste; stiffness of manner; stiffness of character.
Stifftail	The ruddy duck.
Stiff-tailed	Having the quill feathers of the tail somewhat rigid.
Stifle	The joint next above the hock, and near the flank, in the hind leg of the horse and allied animals; the joint corresponding to the knee in man; -- called also stifle joint. See Illust. under Horse.
Stifled	of Stifle
Stifling	of Stifle
Stifle	To stop the breath of by crowding something into the windpipe, or introducing an irrespirable substance into the lungs; to choke; to suffocate; to cause the death of by such means; as, to stifle one with smoke or dust.
Stifle	To stop; to extinguish; to deaden; to quench; as, to stifle the breath; to stifle a fire or flame.
Stifle	To suppress the manifestation or report of; to smother; to conceal from public knowledge; as, to stifle a story; to stifle passion.
Stifle	To die by reason of obstruction of the breath, or because some noxious substance prevents respiration.
Stifled	Stifling.
Stifler	One who, or that which, stifles.
Stifler	See Camouflet.
Stigmas	of Stigma
Stigmata	of Stigma
Stigma	A mark made with a burning iron; a brand.
Stigma	Any mark of infamy or disgrace; sign of moral blemish; stain or reproach caused by dishonorable conduct; reproachful characterization.
Stigma	That part of a pistil which has no epidermis, and is fitted to receive the pollen. It is usually the terminal portion, and is commonly somewhat glutinous or viscid. See Illust. of Stamen and of Flower.
Stigma	A small spot, mark, scar, or a minute hole; -- applied especially to a spot on the outer surface of a Graafian follicle, and to spots of intercellular substance in scaly epithelium, or to minute holes in such spots.
Stigma	A red speck upon the skin, produced either by the extravasation of blood, as in the bloody sweat characteristic of certain varieties of religious ecstasy, or by capillary congestion, as in the case of drunkards.
Stigma	One of the external openings of the tracheae of insects, myriapods, and other arthropods; a spiracle.
Stigma	One of the apertures of the pulmonary sacs of arachnids. See Illust. of Scorpion.
Stigma	One of the apertures of the gill of an ascidian, and of Amphioxus.
Stigma	A point so connected by any law whatever with another point, called an index, that as the index moves in any manner in a plane the first point or stigma moves in a determinate way in the same plane.
Stigma	Marks believed to have been supernaturally impressed upon the bodies of certain persons in imitation of the wounds on the crucified body of Christ. See def. 5, above.
Stigmaria	The fossil root stem of a coal plant of the genus Sigillaria.
Stigmata	pl. of Stigma.
Stigmatic	A notorious profligate or criminal who has been branded; one who bears the marks of infamy or punishment.
Stigmatic	A person who is marked or deformed by nature.
Stigmatic	A person bearing the wounds on the hands and feet resembling those of Jesus Christ caused by His crucifixion; -- for true stigmantics the wounds are supposed to have been caused miraculously, as a sign of great holiness.
Stigmatic	Alt. of Stigmatical
Stigmatical	Marked with a stigma, or with something reproachful to character.
Stigmatical	Impressing with infamy or reproach.
Stigmatical	Of or pertaining to a stigma or stigmata.
Stigmatically	With a stigma, or mark of infamy or deformity.
Stigmatist	One believed to be supernaturally impressed with the marks of Christ's wounds. See Stigma, 8.
Stigmatization	The act of stigmatizing.
Stigmatization	The production of stigmata upon the body. See Stigma, 8.
Stigmatized	of Stigmatize
Stigmatizing	of Stigmatize
Stigmatize	To mark with a stigma, or brand; as, the ancients stigmatized their slaves and soldiers.
Stigmatize	To set a mark of disgrace on; to brand with some mark of reproach or infamy.
Stigmatose	Same as Stigmatic.
Stigonomancy	Divination by writing on the bark of a tree.
Stike	Stanza.
Stilar	Of or pertaining to the style of a dial.
Stilbene	A hydrocarbon, C14H12, produced artificially in large, fine crystals; -- called also diphenyl ethylene, toluylene, etc.
Stilbite	A common mineral of the zeolite family, a hydrous silicate of alumina and lime, usually occurring in sheaflike aggregations of crystals, also in radiated masses. It is of a white or yellowish color, with pearly luster on the cleavage surface. Called also desmine.
Stile	A pin set on the face of a dial, to cast a shadow; a style. See Style.
Stile	Mode of composition. See Style.
Stile	A step, or set of steps, for ascending and descending, in passing a fence or wall.
Stile	One of the upright pieces in a frame; one of the primary members of a frame, into which the secondary members are mortised.
Stilet	A stiletto.
Stilet	See Stylet, 2.
Stilettos	of Stiletto
Stiletto	A kind of dagger with a slender, rounded, and pointed blade.
Stiletto	A pointed instrument for making eyelet holes in embroidery.
Stiletto	A beard trimmed into a pointed form.
Stilettoed	of Stiletto
Stilettoing	of Stiletto
Stiletto	To stab or kill with a stiletto.
Still	Motionless; at rest; quiet; as, to stand still; to lie or sit still.
Still	Uttering no sound; silent; as, the audience is still; the animals are still.
Still	Not disturbed by noise or agitation; quiet; calm; as, a still evening; a still atmosphere.
Still	Comparatively quiet or silent; soft; gentle; low.
Still	Constant; continual.
Still	Not effervescing; not sparkling; as, still wines.
Still	Freedom from noise; calm; silence; as, the still of midnight.
Still	A steep hill or ascent.
Still	To this time; until and during the time now present; now no less than before; yet.
Still	In the future as now and before.
Still	In continuation by successive or repeated acts; always; ever; constantly; uniformly.
Still	In an increasing or additional degree; even more; -- much used with comparatives.
Still	Notwithstanding what has been said or done; in spite of what has occured; nevertheless; -- sometimes used as a conjunction. See Synonym of But.
Still	After that; after what is stated.
Stilled	of Still
Stilling	of Still
Still	To stop, as motion or agitation; to cause to become quiet, or comparatively quiet; to check the agitation of; as, to still the raging sea.
Still	To stop, as noise; to silence.
Still	To appease; to calm; to quiet, as tumult, agitation, or excitement; as, to still the passions.
Still	A vessel, boiler, or copper used in the distillation of liquids; specifically, one used for the distillation of alcoholic liquors; a retort. The name is sometimes applied to the whole apparatus used in in vaporization and condensation.
Still	A house where liquors are distilled; a distillery.
Still	To cause to fall by drops.
Still	To expel spirit from by heat, or to evaporate and condense in a refrigeratory; to distill.
Still	To drop, or flow in drops; to distill.
Stillage	A low stool to keep the goods from touching the floor.
Stillatitious	Falling in drops; drawn by a still.
-ries	of Stillatory
Stillatory	An alembic; a vessel for distillation.
Stillatory	A laboratory; a place or room in which distillation is performed.
Stillbirth	The birth of a dead fetus.
Stillborn	Dead at the birth; as, a stillborn child.
Stillborn	Fig.: Abortive; as, a stillborn poem.
Still-burn	To burn in the process of distillation; as, to still-burn brandy.
Still-closing	Ever closing.
Stiller	One who stills, or quiets.
Stillhouse	A house in which distillation is carried on; a distillery.
Still-hunt	A hunting for game in a quiet and cautious manner, or under cover; stalking; hence, colloquially, the pursuit of any object quietly and cautiously.
Stillicide	A continual falling or succession of drops; rain water falling from the eaves.
Stillicidious	Falling in drops.
Stilliform	Having the form of a drop.
Stilling	A stillion.
Stillion	A stand, as for casks or vats in a brewery, or for pottery while drying.
Stillness	The quality or state of being still; quietness; silence; calmness; inactivity.
Stillness	Habitual silence or quiet; taciturnity.
Stillroom	A room for distilling.
Stillroom	An apartment in a house where liquors, preserves, and the like, are kept.
Stillstand	A standstill.
Stilly	Still; quiet; calm.
Stilly	In a still manner; quietly; silently; softly.
Stilpnomelane	A black or greenish black mineral occurring in foliated flates, also in velvety bronze-colored incrustations. It is a hydrous silicate of iron and alumina.
Stilt	A pole, or piece of wood, constructed with a step or loop to raise the foot above the ground in walking. It is sometimes lashed to the leg, and sometimes prolonged upward so as to be steadied by the hand or arm.
Stilt	A crutch; also, the handle of a plow.
Stilt	Any species of limicoline birds belonging to Himantopus and allied genera, in which the legs are remarkably long and slender. Called also longshanks, stiltbird, stilt plover, and lawyer.
Stilted	of Stilt
Stilting	of Stilt
Stilt	To raise on stilts, or as if on stilts.
Stiltbird	See Stilt, n., 3.
Stilted	Elevated as if on stilts; hence, pompous; bombastic; as, a stilted style; stilted declamation.
Stiltify	To raise upon stilts, or as upon stilts; to stilt.
Stilty	Unreasonably elevated; pompous; stilted; as, a stilty style.
Stime	A slight gleam or glimmer; a glimpse.
Stimulant	Serving to stimulate.
Stimulant	Produced increased vital action in the organism, or in any of its parts.
Stimulant	That which stimulates, provokes, or excites.
Stimulant	An agent which produces a temporary increase of vital activity in the organism, or in any of its parts; -- sometimes used without qualification to signify an alcoholic beverage used as a stimulant.
Stimulated	of Stimulate
Stimulating	of Stimulate
Stimulate	To excite as if with a goad; to excite, rouse, or animate, to action or more vigorous exertion by some pungent motive or by persuasion; as, to stimulate one by the hope of reward, or by the prospect of glory.
Stimulate	To excite; to irritate; especially, to excite the activity of (a nerve or an irritable muscle), as by electricity.
Stimulation	The act of stimulating, or the state of being stimulated.
Stimulation	The irritating action of various agents (stimuli) on muscles, nerves, or a sensory end organ, by which activity is evoked; especially, the nervous impulse produced by various agents on nerves, or a sensory end organ, by which the part connected with the nerve is thrown into a state of activity; irritation.
Stimulative	Having the quality of stimulating.
Stimulative	That which stimulates.
Stimulator	One who stimulates.
Stimulatress	A woman who stimulates.
Stimulism	The theory of medical practice which regarded life as dependent upon stimulation, or excitation, and disease as caused by excess or deficiency in the amount of stimulation.
Stimulism	The practice of treating disease by alcoholic stimulants.
Stimuli	of Stimulus
Stimulus	A goad; hence, something that rouses the mind or spirits; an incentive; as, the hope of gain is a powerful stimulus to labor and action.
Stimulus	That which excites or produces a temporary increase of vital action, either in the whole organism or in any of its parts; especially (Physiol.), any substance or agent capable of evoking the activity of a nerve or irritable muscle, or capable of producing an impression upon a sensory organ or more particularly upon its specific end organ.
Sting	Any sharp organ of offense and defense, especially when connected with a poison gland, and adapted to inflict a wound by piercing; as the caudal sting of a scorpion. The sting of a bee or wasp is a modified ovipositor. The caudal sting, or spine, of a sting ray is a modified dorsal fin ray. The term is sometimes applied to the fang of a serpent. See Illust. of Scorpion.
Sting	A sharp-pointed hollow hair seated on a gland which secrets an acrid fluid, as in nettles. The points of these hairs usually break off in the wound, and the acrid fluid is pressed into it.
Sting	Anything that gives acute pain, bodily or mental; as, the stings of remorse; the stings of reproach.
Sting	The thrust of a sting into the flesh; the act of stinging; a wound inflicted by stinging.
Sting	A goad; incitement.
Sting	The point of an epigram or other sarcastic saying.
Stung	of Sting
Stang	of Sting
Stinging	of Sting
Sting	To pierce or wound with a sting; as, bees will sting an animal that irritates them; the nettles stung his hands.
Sting	To pain acutely; as, the conscience is stung with remorse; to bite.
Sting	To goad; to incite, as by taunts or reproaches.
Stingaree	Any sting ray. See under 6th Ray.
Stingbull	The European greater weever fish (Trachinus draco), which is capable of inflicting severe wounds with the spinous rays of its dorsal fin. See Weever.
Stinger	One who, or that which, stings.
Stingfish	The weever.
Stingily	In a stingy manner.
Stinginess	The quality or state of being stingy.
Stinging	Piercing, or capable of piercing, with a sting; inflicting acute pain as if with a sting, goad, or pointed weapon; pungent; biting; as, stinging cold; a stinging rebuke.
Stingless	Having no sting.
Stingo	Old beer; sharp or strong liquor.
Stingtail	A sting ray.
Stingy	Stinging; able to sting.
Stingy	Extremely close and covetous; meanly avaricious; niggardly; miserly; penurious; as, a stingy churl.
Stunk	of Stink
Stank	of Stink
Stinking	of Stink
Stink	To emit a strong, offensive smell; to send out a disgusting odor.
Stink	To cause to stink; to affect by a stink.
Stink	A strong, offensive smell; a disgusting odor; a stench.
Stinkard	A mean, stinking, paltry fellow.
Stinkard	The teledu of the East Indies. It emits a disagreeable odor.
Stinkball	A composition of substances which in combustion emit a suffocating odor; -- used formerly in naval warfare.
Stinker	One who, or that which, stinks.
Stinker	Any one of the several species of large antarctic petrels which feed on blubber and carrion and have an offensive odor, as the giant fulmar.
Stinkhorn	A kind of fungus of the genus Phallus, which emits a fetid odor.
Stinking	a. & n. from Stink, v.
Stinkingly	In a stinking manner; with an offensive smell.
Stinkpot	An earthen jar charged with powder, grenades, and other materials of an offensive and suffocating smell, -- sometimes used in boarding an enemy's vessel.
Stinkpot	A vessel in which disinfectants are burned.
Stinkpot	The musk turtle, or musk tortoise. See under Musk.
Stinkstone	One of the varieties of calcite, barite, and feldspar, which emit a fetid odor on being struck; -- called also swinestone.
Stinkweed	Stramonium. See Jamestown weed, and Datura.
Stinkwood	A name given to several kinds of wood with an unpleasant smell, as that of the Foetidia Mauritiana of the Mauritius, and that of the South African Ocotea bullata.
Stint	Any one of several species of small sandpipers, as the sanderling of Europe and America, the dunlin, the little stint of India (Tringa minuta), etc. Called also pume.
Stint	A phalarope.
Stinted	of Stint
Stinting	of Stint
Stint	To restrain within certain limits; to bound; to confine; to restrain; to restrict to a scant allowance.
Stint	To put an end to; to stop.
Stint	To assign a certain (i. e., limited) task to (a person), upon the performance of which one is excused from further labor for the day or for a certain time; to stent.
Stint	To serve successfully; to get with foal; -- said of mares.
Stint	To stop; to cease.
Stint	Limit; bound; restraint; extent.
Stint	Quantity or task assigned; proportion allotted.
Stintance	Restraint; stoppage.
Stintedness	The state of being stinted.
Stinter	One who, or that which, stints.
Stintless	Without stint or restraint.
Stipe	The stalk or petiole of a frond, as of a fern.
Stipe	The stalk of a pistil.
Stipe	The trunk of a tree.
Stipe	The stem of a fungus or mushroom.
Stipel	The stipule of a leaflet.
Stipellate	Having stipels.
Stipend	Settled pay or compensation for services, whether paid daily, monthly, or annually.
Stipend	To pay by settled wages.
Stipendiarian	Acting from mercenary considerations; stipendiary.
Stipendiary	Receiving wages, or salary; performing services for a stated price or compensation.
Stipendiaries	of Stipendiary
Stipendiary	One who receives a stipend.
Stipendiate	To provide with a stipend, or salary; to support; to pay.
Stipendless	Having no stipend.
Stipites	of Stipes
Stipes	The second joint of a maxilla of an insect or a crustacean.
Stipes	An eyestalk.
Stipitate	Supported by a stipe; elevated on a stipe, as the fronds of most ferns, or the pod of certain cruciferous plants.
Stipitiform	Having the shape of a stalk; stalklike.
Stippled	of Stipple
Stippling	of Stipple
Stipple	To engrave by means of dots, in distinction from engraving in lines.
Stipple	To paint, as in water colors, by small, short touches which together produce an even or softly graded surface.
Stipple	Alt. of Stippling
Stippling	A mode of execution which produces the effect by dots or small points instead of lines.
Stippling	A mode of execution in which a flat or even tint is produced by many small touches.
Stiptic	See Styptic.
Stipulas	of Stipula
Stipulae	of Stipula
Stipula	A stipule.
Stipula	A newly sprouted feather.
Stipulaceous	Alt. of Stipular
Stipular	Of or pertaining to stipules; resembling stipules; furnished with stipules; growing on stipules, or close to them; occupying the position of stipules; as, stipular glands and stipular tendrils.
Stipulary	Of or pertaining to stipules; stipular.
Stipulate	Furnished with stipules; as, a stipulate leaf.
Stipulated	of Stipulate
Stipulating	of Stipulate
Stipulate	To make an agreement or covenant with any person or company to do or forbear anything; to bargain; to contract; to settle terms; as, certain princes stipulated to assist each other in resisting the armies of France.
Stipulation	The act of stipulating; a contracting or bargaining; an agreement.
Stipulation	That which is stipulated, or agreed upon; that which is definitely arranged or contracted; an agreement; a covenant; a contract or bargain; also, any particular article, item, or condition, in a mutual agreement; as, the stipulations of the allied powers to furnish each his contingent of troops.
Stipulation	A material article of an agreement; an undertaking in the nature of bail taken in the admiralty courts; a bargain.
Stipulation	The situation, arrangement, and structure of the stipules.
Stipulator	One who stipulates, contracts, or covenants.
Stipule	An appendage at the base of petioles or leaves, usually somewhat resembling a small leaf in texture and appearance.
Stipuled	Furnished with stipules, or leafy appendages.
Stirred	of Stir
Stirring	of Stir
Stir	To change the place of in any manner; to move.
Stir	To disturb the relative position of the particles of, as of a liquid, by passing something through it; to agitate; as, to stir a pudding with a spoon.
Stir	To bring into debate; to agitate; to moot.
Stir	To incite to action; to arouse; to instigate; to prompt; to excite.
Stir	To move; to change one's position.
Stir	To be in motion; to be active or bustling; to exert or busy one's self.
Stir	To become the object of notice; to be on foot.
Stir	To rise, or be up, in the morning.
Stir	The act or result of stirring; agitation; tumult; bustle; noise or various movements.
Stir	Public disturbance or commotion; tumultuous disorder; seditious uproar.
Stir	Agitation of thoughts; conflicting passions.
Stirabout	A dish formed of oatmeal boiled in water to a certain consistency and frequently stirred, or of oatmeal and dripping mixed together and stirred about in a pan; a hasty pudding.
Stiriated	Adorned with pendants like icicles.
Stirious	Resembling icicles.
Stirk	A young bullock or heifer.
Stirless	Without stirring; very quiet; motionless.
Stirp	Stock; race; family.
Stirpiculture	The breeding of special stocks or races.
Stirpes	of Stirps
Stirps	Stock; race; family.
Stirps	A race, or a fixed and permanent variety.
Stirrage	The act of stirring; stir; commotion.
Stirrer	One who, or that which, stirs something; also, one who moves about, especially after sleep; as, an early stirrer.
Stirring	Putting in motion, or being in motion; active; active in business; habitually employed in some kind of business; accustomed to a busy life.
Stirrup	A kind of ring, or bent piece of metal, wood, leather, or the like, horizontal in one part for receiving the foot of a rider, and attached by a strap to the saddle, -- used to assist a person in mounting a horse, and to enable him to sit steadily in riding, as well as to relieve him by supporting a part of the weight of the body.
Stirrup	Any piece resembling in shape the stirrup of a saddle, and used as a support, clamp, etc. See Bridle iron.
Stirrup	A rope secured to a yard, with a thimble in its lower end for supporting a footrope.
Stirt	Started; leaped.
Stirte	imp. of Start, v. i. & t.
Stitch	A single pass of a needle in sewing; the loop or turn of the thread thus made.
Stitch	A single turn of the thread round a needle in knitting; a link, or loop, of yarn; as, to let down, or drop, a stitch; to take up a stitch.
Stitch	A space of work taken up, or gone over, in a single pass of the needle; hence, by extension, any space passed over; distance.
Stitch	A local sharp pain; an acute pain, like the piercing of a needle; as, a stitch in the side.
Stitch	A contortion, or twist.
Stitch	Any least part of a fabric or dress; as, to wet every stitch of clothes.
Stitch	A furrow.
Stitched	of Stitch
Stitching	of Stitch
Stitch	To form stitches in; especially, to sew in such a manner as to show on the surface a continuous line of stitches; as, to stitch a shirt bosom.
Stitch	To sew, or unite together by stitches; as, to stitch printed sheets in making a book or a pamphlet.
Stitch	To form land into ridges.
Stitch	To practice stitching, or needlework.
Stitchel	A kind of hairy wool.
Stitcher	One who stitches; a seamstress.
Stitchery	Needlework; -- in contempt.
Stitching	The act of one who stitches.
Stitching	Work done by sewing, esp. when a continuous line of stitches is shown on the surface; stitches, collectively.
Stitchwort	See Stichwort.
Stith	Strong; stiff; rigid.
Stith	An anvil; a stithy.
Stithy	An anvil.
Stithy	A smith's shop; a smithy; a smithery; a forge.
Stithy	To forge on an anvil.
Stived	of Stive
Stiving	of Stive
Stive	To stuff; to crowd; to fill full; hence, to make hot and close; to render stifling.
Stive	To be stifled or suffocated.
Stive	The floating dust in flour mills caused by the operation or grinding.
Stiver	A Dutch coin, and money of account, of the value of two cents, or about one penny sterling; hence, figuratively, anything of little worth.
Stives	Stews; a brothel.
Stoak	To stop; to choke.
Stoat	The ermine in its summer pelage, when it is reddish brown, but with a black tip to the tail. The name is sometimes applied also to other brown weasels.
Stocah	A menial attendant.
Stoccade	See Stockade.
Stoccado	A stab; a thrust with a rapier.
Stochastic	Conjectural; able to conjecture.
Stock	The stem, or main body, of a tree or plant; the fixed, strong, firm part; the trunk.
Stock	The stem or branch in which a graft is inserted.
Stock	A block of wood; something fixed and solid; a pillar; a firm support; a post.
Stock	Hence, a person who is as dull and lifeless as a stock or post; one who has little sense.
Stock	The principal supporting part; the part in which others are inserted, or to which they are attached.
Stock	The wood to which the barrel, lock, etc., of a musket or like firearm are secured; also, a long, rectangular piece of wood, which is an important part of several forms of gun carriage.
Stock	The handle or contrivance by which bits are held in boring; a bitstock; a brace.
Stock	The block of wood or metal frame which constitutes the body of a plane, and in which the plane iron is fitted; a plane stock.
Stock	The wooden or iron crosspiece to which the shank of an anchor is attached. See Illust. of Anchor.
Stock	The support of the block in which an anvil is fixed, or of the anvil itself.
Stock	A handle or wrench forming a holder for the dies for cutting screws; a diestock.
Stock	The part of a tally formerly struck in the exchequer, which was delivered to the person who had lent the king money on account, as the evidence of indebtedness. See Counterfoil.
Stock	The original progenitor; also, the race or line of a family; the progenitor of a family and his direct descendants; lineage; family.
Stock	Money or capital which an individual or a firm employs in business; fund; in the United States, the capital of a bank or other company, in the form of transferable shares, each of a certain amount; money funded in government securities, called also the public funds; in the plural, property consisting of shares in joint-stock companies, or in the obligations of a government for its funded debt; -- so in the United States, but in England the latter only are called stocks, and the former shares.
Stock	Same as Stock account, below.
Stock	Supply provided; store; accumulation; especially, a merchant's or manufacturer's store of goods; as, to lay in a stock of provisions.
Stock	Domestic animals or beasts collectively, used or raised on a farm; as, a stock of cattle or of sheep, etc.; -- called also live stock.
Stock	That portion of a pack of cards not distributed to the players at the beginning of certain games, as gleek, etc., but which might be drawn from afterward as occasion required; a bank.
Stock	A thrust with a rapier; a stoccado.
Stock	A covering for the leg, or leg and foot; as, upper stocks (breeches); nether stocks (stockings).
Stock	A kind of stiff, wide band or cravat for the neck; as, a silk stock.
Stock	A frame of timber, with holes in which the feet, or the feet and hands, of criminals were formerly confined by way of punishment.
Stock	The frame or timbers on which a ship rests while building.
Stock	Red and gray bricks, used for the exterior of walls and the front of buildings.
Stock	Any cruciferous plant of the genus Matthiola; as, common stock (Matthiola incana) (see Gilly-flower); ten-weeks stock (M. annua).
Stock	An irregular metalliferous mass filling a large cavity in a rock formation, as a stock of lead ore deposited in limestone.
Stock	A race or variety in a species.
Stock	In tectology, an aggregate or colony of persons (see Person), as trees, chains of salpae, etc.
Stock	The beater of a fulling mill.
Stock	A liquid or jelly containing the juices and soluble parts of meat, and certain vegetables, etc., extracted by cooking; -- used in making soup, gravy, etc.
Stocked	of Stock
Stocking	of Stock
Stock	To lay up; to put aside for future use; to store, as merchandise, and the like.
Stock	To provide with material requisites; to store; to fill; to supply; as, to stock a warehouse, that is, to fill it with goods; to stock a farm, that is, to supply it with cattle and tools; to stock land, that is, to occupy it with a permanent growth, especially of grass.
Stock	To suffer to retain milk for twenty-four hours or more previous to sale, as cows.
Stock	To put in the stocks.
Stock	Used or employed for constant service or application, as if constituting a portion of a stock or supply; standard; permanent; standing; as, a stock actor; a stock play; a stock sermon.
Stockade	A line of stout posts or timbers set firmly in the earth in contact with each other (and usually with loopholes) to form a barrier, or defensive fortification.
Stockade	An inclosure, or pen, made with posts and stakes.
Stockaded	of Stockade
Stockading	of Stockade
Stockade	To surround, fortify, or protect with a stockade.
Stock-blind	Blind as a stock; wholly blind.
Stockbroker	A broker who deals in stocks.
Stockdove	A common European wild pigeon (Columba aenas), so called because at one time believed to be the stock of the domestic pigeon, or, according to some, from its breeding in the stocks, or trunks, of trees.
Stocker	One who makes or fits stocks, as of guns or gun carriages, etc.
Stockfish	Salted and dried fish, especially codfish, hake, ling, and torsk; also, codfish dried without being salted.
Stockfish	Young fresh cod.
Stockholder	One who is a holder or proprietor of stock in the public funds, or in the funds of a bank or other stock company.
Stockinet	An elastic textile fabric imitating knitting, of which stockings, under-garments, etc., are made.
Stocking	A close-fitting covering for the foot and leg, usually knit or woven.
Stocking	To dress in GBs.
Stockinger	A stocking weaver.
Stockish	Like a stock; stupid; blockish.
Stockjobber	One who speculates in stocks for gain; one whose occupation is to buy and sell stocks. In England a jobber acts as an intermediary between brokers.
Stockjobbing	The act or art of dealing in stocks; the business of a stockjobber.
Stockmen	of Stockman
Stockman	A herdsman; a ranchman; one owning, or having charge of, herds of live stock.
Stock-still	Still as a stock, or fixed post; perfectly still.
Stockwork	A system of working in ore, etc., when it lies not in strata or veins, but in solid masses, so as to be worked in chambers or stories.
Stockwork	A metalliferous deposit characterized by the impregnation of the mass of rock with many small veins or nests irregularly grouped. This kind of deposit is especially common with tin ore. Such deposits are worked in floors or stories.
Stocky	Short and thick; thick rather than tall or corpulent.
Stocky	Headstrong.
Stodgy	Wet.
Stoechiology	Alt. of Stoechiometry
Stoechiometry	See Stoichiology, Stoichiometry, etc.
Stoic	A disciple of the philosopher Zeno; one of a Greek sect which held that men should be free from passion, unmoved by joy or grief, and should submit without complaint to unavoidable necessity, by which all things are governed.
Stoic	Hence, a person not easily excited; an apathetic person; one who is apparently or professedly indifferent to pleasure or pain.
Stoic	Alt. of Stoical
Stoical	Of or pertaining to the Stoics; resembling the Stoics or their doctrines.
Stoical	Not affected by passion; manifesting indifference to pleasure or pain.
Stoichiological	Of or pertaining to stoichiology.
Stoichiology	That part of the science of physiology which treats of the elements, or principles, composing animal tissues.
Stoichiology	The doctrine of the elementary requisites of mere thought.
Stoichiology	The statement or discussion of the first principles of any science or art.
Stoichiometric	Alt. of Stoichiometrical
Stoichiometrical	Of or pertaining to stoichiometry; employed in, or obtained by, stoichiometry.
Stoichiometry	The art or process of calculating the atomic proportions, combining weights, and other numerical relations of chemical elements and their compounds.
Stoicism	The opinions and maxims of the Stoics.
Stoicism	A real or pretended indifference to pleasure or pain; insensibility; impassiveness.
Stoicity	Stoicism.
Stoke	To stick; to thrust; to stab.
Stoke	To poke or stir up, as a fire; hence, to tend, as the fire of a furnace, boiler, etc.
Stoke	To poke or stir up a fire; hence, to tend the fires of furnaces, steamers, etc.
Stokehole	The mouth to the grate of a furnace; also, the space in front of the furnace, where the stokers stand.
Stoker	One who is employed to tend a furnace and supply it with fuel, especially the furnace of a locomotive or of a marine steam boiler; also, a machine for feeding fuel to a fire.
Stoker	A fire poker.
Stokey	Close; sultry.
Stolae	of Stola
Stola	A long garment, descending to the ankles, worn by Roman women.
Stole	imp. of Steal.
Stole	A stolon.
Stole	A long, loose garment reaching to the feet.
Stole	A narrow band of silk or stuff, sometimes enriched with embroidery and jewels, worn on the left shoulder of deacons, and across both shoulders of bishops and priests, pendent on each side nearly to the ground. At Mass, it is worn crossed on the breast by priests. It is used in various sacred functions.
Stoled	Having or wearing a stole.
Stolen	p. p. of Steal.
Stolid	Hopelessly insensible or stupid; not easily aroused or excited; dull; impassive; foolish.
Stolidity	The state or quality of being stolid; dullness of intellect; obtuseness; stupidity.
Stolidness	Same as Stolidity.
Stolon	A trailing branch which is disposed to take root at the end or at the joints; a stole.
Stolon	An extension of the integument of the body, or of the body wall, from which buds are developed, giving rise to new zooids, and thus forming a compound animal in which the zooids usually remain united by the stolons. Such stolons are often present in Anthozoa, Hydroidea, Bryozoa, and social ascidians. See Illust. under Scyphistoma.
Stoloniferous	Producing stolons; putting forth suckers.
Stomata	of Stoma
Stoma	One of the minute apertures between the cells in many serous membranes.
Stoma	The minute breathing pores of leaves or other organs opening into the intercellular spaces, and usually bordered by two contractile cells.
Stoma	The line of dehiscence of the sporangium of a fern. It is usually marked by two transversely elongated cells. See Illust. of Sporangium.
Stoma	A stigma. See Stigma, n., 6 (a) & (b).
Stomach	An enlargement, or series of enlargements, in the anterior part of the alimentary canal, in which food is digested; any cavity in which digestion takes place in an animal; a digestive cavity. See Digestion, and Gastric juice, under Gastric.
Stomach	The desire for food caused by hunger; appetite; as, a good stomach for roast beef.
Stomach	Hence appetite in general; inclination; desire.
Stomach	Violence of temper; anger; sullenness; resentment; willful obstinacy; stubbornness.
Stomach	Pride; haughtiness; arrogance.
Stomached	of Stomach
Stomaching	of Stomach
Stomach	To resent; to remember with anger; to dislike.
Stomach	To bear without repugnance; to brook.
Stomach	To be angry.
Stomachal	Of or pertaining to the stomach; gastric.
Stomachal	Helping the stomach; stomachic; cordial.
Stomachal	A stomachic.
Stomacher	One who stomachs.
Stomacher	An ornamental covering for the breast, worn originally both by men and women. Those worn by women were often richly decorated.
Stomachful	Willfully obstinate; stubborn; perverse.
Stomachic	Alt. of Stomachical
Stomachical	Of or pertaining to the stomach; as, stomachic vessels.
Stomachical	Strengthening to the stomach; exciting the action of the stomach; stomachal; cordial.
Stomachic	A medicine that strengthens the stomach and excites its action.
Stomaching	Resentment.
Stomachless	Being without a stomach.
Stomachless	Having no appetite.
Stomachous	Stout; sullen; obstinate.
Stomachy	Obstinate; sullen; haughty.
Stomapod	One of the Stomapoda.
Stomapoda	An order of Crustacea including the squillas. The maxillipeds are leglike in form, and the large claws are comblike. They have a large and elongated abdomen, which contains a part of the stomach and heart; the abdominal appendages are large, and bear the gills. Called also Gastrula, Stomatopoda, and Squilloidea.
Stomate	A stoma.
Stomatic	Of or pertaining to a stoma; of the nature of a stoma.
Stomatic	A medicine for diseases of the mouth.
Stomatiferous	Having or producing stomata.
Stomatitis	Inflammation of the mouth.
Stomatoda	A division of Protozoa in which a mouthlike opening exists.
Stomatodaeum	Same as Stomodaeum.
Stomatode	Having a mouth; -- applied to certain Protozoa.
Stomatode	One of the Stomatoda.
Stomatogastric	Of or pertaining to the mouth and the stomach; as, the stomatogastric ganglion of certain Mollusca.
Stomatoplastic	Of or pertaining to the operation of forming a mouth where the aperture has been contracted, or in any way deformed.
Stomatopod	One of the Stomatopoda.
Stomatopoda	Same as Stomapoda.
Stomatopodous	Of or pertaining to the Stomatopoda.
Stomatoscope	An apparatus for examining the interior of the mouth.
Stomatous	Having a stoma.
Stomodaeum	A part of the alimentary canal. See under Mesenteron.
Stomodaeum	The primitive mouth and esophagus of the embryo of annelids and arthropods.
Stomp	To stamp with the foot.
Stond	Stop; halt; hindrance.
Stond	A stand; a post; a station.
Stond	To stand.
Stone	Concreted earthy or mineral matter; also, any particular mass of such matter; as, a house built of stone; the boy threw a stone; pebbles are rounded stones.
Stone	A precious stone; a gem.
Stone	Something made of stone. Specifically: -
Stone	The glass of a mirror; a mirror.
Stone	A monument to the dead; a gravestone.
Stone	A calculous concretion, especially one in the kidneys or bladder; the disease arising from a calculus.
Stone	One of the testes; a testicle.
Stone	The hard endocarp of drupes; as, the stone of a cherry or peach. See Illust. of Endocarp.
Stone	A weight which legally is fourteen pounds, but in practice varies with the article weighed.
Stone	Fig.: Symbol of hardness and insensibility; torpidness; insensibility; as, a heart of stone.
Stone	A stand or table with a smooth, flat top of stone, commonly marble, on which to arrange the pages of a book, newspaper, etc., before printing; -- called also imposing stone.
Stoned	of Stone
Stoning	of Stone
Stone	To pelt, beat, or kill with stones.
Stone	To make like stone; to harden.
Stone	To free from stones; also, to remove the seeds of; as, to stone a field; to stone cherries; to stone raisins.
Stone	To wall or face with stones; to line or fortify with stones; as, to stone a well; to stone a cellar.
Stone	To rub, scour, or sharpen with a stone.
Stonebird	The yellowlegs; -- called also stone snipe. See Tattler, 2.
Stone-blind	As blind as a stone; completely blind.
Stonebow	A kind of crossbow formerly used for shooting stones.
Stonebrash	A subsoil made up of small stones or finely-broken rock; brash.
Stonebrearer	A machine for crushing or hammering stone.
Stonebuck	See Steinbock.
Stonechat	A small, active, and very common European singing bird (Pratincola rubicola); -- called also chickstone, stonechacker, stonechatter, stoneclink, stonesmith.
Stonechat	The wheatear.
Stonechat	The blue titmouse.
Stone-cold	Cold as a stone.
Stonecray	A distemper in hawks.
Stonecrop	A sort of tree.
Stonecrop	Any low succulent plant of the genus Sedum, esp. Sedum acre, which is common on bare rocks in Europe, and is spreading in parts of America. See Orpine.
Stonecutter	One whose occupation is to cut stone; also, a machine for dressing stone.
Stonecutting	Hewing or dressing stone.
Stone-dead	As dead as a stone.
Stone-deaf	As deaf as a stone; completely deaf.
Stonegall	See Stannel.
Stonehatch	The ring plover, or dotterel.
Stone-hearted	Hard-hearted; cruel; pitiless; unfeeling.
Stonehenge	An assemblage of upright stones with others placed horizontally on their tops, on Salisbury Plain, England, -- generally supposed to be the remains of an ancient Druidical temple.
Stone-horse	Stallion.
Stoner	One who stones; one who makes an assault with stones.
Stoner	One who walls with stones.
Stoneroot	A North American plant (Collinsonia Canadensis) having a very hard root; horse balm. See Horse balm, under Horse.
Stonerunner	The ring plover, or the ringed dotterel.
Stonerunner	The dotterel.
Stonesmickle	The stonechat; -- called also stonesmitch.
Stone-still	As still as a stone.
Stoneware	A species of coarse potter's ware, glazed and baked.
Stoneweed	Any plant of the genus Lithospermum, herbs having a fruit composed of four stony nutlets.
Stonework	Work or wall consisting of stone; mason's work of stone.
Stonewort	Any plant of the genus Chara; -- so called because they are often incrusted with carbonate of lime. See Chara.
Stonily	In a stony manner.
Stoniness	The quality or state of being stony.
Stonish	Stony.
Stont	3d pers. sing. present of Stand.
Stony	Of or pertaining to stone, consisting of, or abounding in, stone or stones; resembling stone; hard; as, a stony tower; a stony cave; stony ground; a stony crust.
Stony	Converting into stone; petrifying; petrific.
Stony	Inflexible; cruel; unrelenting; pitiless; obdurate; perverse; cold; morally hard; appearing as if petrified; as, a stony heart; a stony gaze.
Stood	imp. & p. p. of Stand.
Stook	A small collection of sheaves set up in the field; a shock; in England, twelve sheaves.
Stooked	of Stook
Stooking	of Stook
Stook	To set up, as sheaves of grain, in stooks.
Stool	A plant from which layers are propagated by bending its branches into the soil.
Stool	To ramfy; to tiller, as grain; to shoot out suckers.
Stool	A single seat with three or four legs and without a back, made in various forms for various uses.
Stool	A seat used in evacuating the bowels; hence, an evacuation; a discharge from the bowels.
Stool	A stool pigeon, or decoy bird.
Stool	A small channel on the side of a vessel, for the dead-eyes of the backstays.
Stool	A bishop's seat or see; a bishop-stool.
Stool	A bench or form for resting the feet or the knees; a footstool; as, a kneeling stool.
Stool	Material, such as oyster shells, spread on the sea bottom for oyster spat to adhere to.
Stoolball	A kind of game with balls, formerly common in England, esp. with young women.
Stoom	To stum.
Stoop	Originally, a covered porch with seats, at a house door; the Dutch stoep as introduced by the Dutch into New York. Afterward, an out-of-door flight of stairs of from seven to fourteen steps, with platform and parapets, leading to an entrance door some distance above the street; the French perron. Hence, any porch, platform, entrance stairway, or small veranda, at a house door.
Stoop	A vessel of liquor; a flagon.
Stoop	A post fixed in the earth.
Stooped	of Stoop
Stooping	of Stoop
Stoop	To bend the upper part of the body downward and forward; to bend or lean forward; to incline forward in standing or walking; to assume habitually a bent position.
Stoop	To yield; to submit; to bend, as by compulsion; to assume a position of humility or subjection.
Stoop	To descend from rank or dignity; to condescend.
Stoop	To come down as a hawk does on its prey; to pounce; to souse; to swoop.
Stoop	To sink when on the wing; to alight.
Stoop	To bend forward and downward; to bow down; as, to stoop the body.
Stoop	To cause to incline downward; to slant; as, to stoop a cask of liquor.
Stoop	To cause to submit; to prostrate.
Stoop	To degrade.
Stoop	The act of stooping, or bending the body forward; inclination forward; also, an habitual bend of the back and shoulders.
Stoop	Descent, as from dignity or superiority; condescension; an act or position of humiliation.
Stoop	The fall of a bird on its prey; a swoop.
Stooper	One who stoops.
Stooping	a. & n. from Stoop.
Stoor	To rise in clouds, as dust.
Stoor	Alt. of Stor
Stor	Strong; powerful; hardy; bold; audacious.
Stopped	of Stop
Stopping	of Stop
Stop	To close, as an aperture, by filling or by obstructing; as, to stop the ears; hence, to stanch, as a wound.
Stop	To obstruct; to render impassable; as, to stop a way, road, or passage.
Stop	To arrest the progress of; to hinder; to impede; to shut in; as, to stop a traveler; to stop the course of a stream, or a flow of blood.
Stop	To hinder from acting or moving; to prevent the effect or efficiency of; to cause to cease; to repress; to restrain; to suppress; to interrupt; to suspend; as, to stop the execution of a decree, the progress of vice, the approaches of old age or infirmity.
Stop	To regulate the sounds of, as musical strings, by pressing them against the finger board with the finger, or by shortening in any way the vibrating part.
Stop	To point, as a composition; to punctuate.
Stop	To make fast; to stopper.
Stop	To cease to go on; to halt, or stand still; to come to a stop.
Stop	To cease from any motion, or course of action.
Stop	To spend a short time; to reside temporarily; to stay; to tarry; as, to stop with a friend.
Stop	The act of stopping, or the state of being stopped; hindrance of progress or of action; cessation; repression; interruption; check; obstruction.
Stop	That which stops, impedes, or obstructs; as obstacle; an impediment; an obstruction.
Stop	A device, or piece, as a pin, block, pawl, etc., for arresting or limiting motion, or for determining the position to which another part shall be brought.
Stop	The closing of an aperture in the air passage, or pressure of the finger upon the string, of an instrument of music, so as to modify the tone; hence, any contrivance by which the sounds of a musical instrument are regulated.
Stop	In the organ, one of the knobs or handles at each side of the organist, by which he can draw on or shut off any register or row of pipes; the register itself; as, the vox humana stop.
Stop	A member, plain or molded, formed of a separate piece and fixed to a jamb, against which a door or window shuts. This takes the place, or answers the purpose, of a rebate. Also, a pin or block to prevent a drawer from sliding too far.
Stop	A point or mark in writing or printing intended to distinguish the sentences, parts of a sentence, or clauses; a mark of punctuation. See Punctuation.
Stop	The diaphragm used in optical instruments to cut off the marginal portions of a beam of light passing through lenses.
Stop	The depression in the face of a dog between the skull and the nasal bones. It is conspicuous in the bulldog, pug, and some other breeds.
Stop	Some part of the articulating organs, as the lips, or the tongue and palate, closed (a) so as to cut off the passage of breath or voice through the mouth and the nose (distinguished as a lip-stop, or a front-stop, etc., as in p, t, d, etc.), or (b) so as to obstruct, but not entirely cut off, the passage, as in l, n, etc.; also, any of the consonants so formed.
Stopcock	A bib, faucet, or short pipe, fitted with a turning stopper or plug for permitting or restraining the flow of a liquid or gas; a cock or valve for checking or regulating the flow of water, gas, etc., through or from a pipe, etc.
Stopcock	The turning plug, stopper, or spigot of a faucet.
Stope	A horizontal working forming one of a series, the working faces of which present the appearance of a flight of steps.
Stoped	of Stope
Stoping	of Stope
Stope	To excavate in the form of stopes.
Stope	To fill in with rubbish, as a space from which the ore has been worked out.
Stope	Alt. of Stopen
Stopen	Stepped; gone; advanced.
Stop-gap	That which closes or fills up an opening or gap; hence, a temporary expedient.
Stoping	The act of excavating in the form of stopes.
Stopless	Not to be stopped.
Stop-over	Permitting one to stop over; as, a stop-over check or ticket. See To stop over, under Stop, v. i.
Stoppage	The act of stopping, or arresting progress, motion, or action; also, the state of being stopped; as, the stoppage of the circulation of the blood; the stoppage of commerce.
Stopped	Made by complete closure of the mouth organs; shut; -- said of certain consonants (p, b, t, d, etc.).
Stopper	One who stops, closes, shuts, or hinders; that which stops or obstructs; that which closes or fills a vent or hole in a vessel.
Stopper	A short piece of rope having a knot at one or both ends, with a lanyard under the knot, -- used to secure something.
Stopper	A name to several trees of the genus Eugenia, found in Florida and the West Indies; as, the red stopper. See Eugenia.
Stoppered	of Stopper
Stoppering	of Stopper
Stopper	To close or secure with a stopper.
Stopping	Material for filling a cavity.
Stopping	A partition or door to direct or prevent a current of air.
Stopping	A pad or poultice of dung or other material applied to a horse's hoof to keep it moist.
Stopping-out	A method adopted in etching, to keep the acid from those parts which are already sufficiently corroded, by applying varnish or other covering matter with a brush, but allowing the acid to act on the other parts.
Stopple	That which stops or closes the mouth of a vessel; a stopper; as, a glass stopple; a cork stopple.
Stoppled	of Stopple
Stoppling	of Stopple
Stopple	To close the mouth of anything with a stopple, or as with a stopple.
Stopship	A remora. It was fabled to stop ships by attaching itself to them.
Stor	See Stoor.
Storage	The act of depositing in a store or warehouse for safe keeping; also, the safe keeping of goods in a warehouse.
Storage	Space for the safe keeping of goods.
Storage	The price changed for keeping goods in a store.
Storax	Any one of a number of similar complex resins obtained from the bark of several trees and shrubs of the Styrax family. The most common of these is liquid storax, a brown or gray semifluid substance of an agreeable aromatic odor and balsamic taste, sometimes used in perfumery, and in medicine as an expectorant.
Store	That which is accumulated, or massed together; a source from which supplies may be drawn; hence, an abundance; a great quantity, or a great number.
Store	A place of deposit for goods, esp. for large quantities; a storehouse; a warehouse; a magazine.
Store	Any place where goods are sold, whether by wholesale or retail; a shop.
Store	Articles, especially of food, accumulated for some specific object; supplies, as of provisions, arms, ammunition, and the like; as, the stores of an army, of a ship, of a family.
Store	Accumulated; hoarded.
Stored	of Store
Storing	of Store
Store	To collect as a reserved supply; to accumulate; to lay away.
Store	To furnish; to supply; to replenish; esp., to stock or furnish against a future time.
Store	To deposit in a store, warehouse, or other building, for preservation; to warehouse; as, to store goods.
Stored	Collected or accumulated as a reserve supply; as, stored electricity.
Storehouse	A building for keeping goods of any kind, especially provisions; a magazine; a repository; a warehouse.
Storehouse	A mass or quality laid up.
Storekeeper	A man in charge of stores or goods of any kind; as, a naval storekeeper.
Storekeeper	One who keeps a "store;" a shopkeeper. See 1st Store, 3.
Storer	One who lays up or forms a store.
Storeroom	Room in a storehouse or repository; a room in which articles are stored.
Storeship	A vessel used to carry naval stores for a fleet, garrison, or the like.
Storey	See Story.
Storge	Parental affection; the instinctive affection which animals have for their young.
Storial	Historical.
Storied	Told in a story.
Storied	Having a history; interesting from the stories which pertain to it; venerable from the associations of the past.
Storied	Having (such or so many) stories; -- chiefly in composition; as, a two-storied house.
Storier	A relater of stories; an historian.
Storify	To form or tell stories of; to narrate or describe in a story.
Stork	Any one of several species of large wading birds of the family Ciconidae, having long legs and a long, pointed bill. They are found both in the Old World and in America, and belong to Ciconia and several allied genera. The European white stork (Ciconia alba) is the best known. It commonly makes its nests on the top of a building, a chimney, a church spire, or a pillar. The black stork (C. nigra) is native of Asia, Africa, and Europe.
Stork-billed	Having a bill like that of the stork.
Storm	A violent disturbance of the atmosphere, attended by wind, rain, snow, hail, or thunder and lightning; hence, often, a heavy fall of rain, snow, or hail, whether accompanied with wind or not.
Storm	A violent agitation of human society; a civil, political, or domestic commotion; sedition, insurrection, or war; violent outbreak; clamor; tumult.
Storm	A heavy shower or fall, any adverse outburst of tumultuous force; violence.
Storm	A violent assault on a fortified place; a furious attempt of troops to enter and take a fortified place by scaling the walls, forcing the gates, or the like.
Stormed	of Storm
Storming	of Storm
Storm	To assault; to attack, and attempt to take, by scaling walls, forcing gates, breaches, or the like; as, to storm a fortified town.
Storm	To raise a tempest.
Storm	To blow with violence; also, to rain, hail, snow, or the like, usually in a violent manner, or with high wind; -- used impersonally; as, it storms.
Storm	To rage; to be in a violent passion; to fume.
Storm-beat	Beaten, injured, or impaired by storms.
Stormcock	The missel thrush.
Stormcock	The fieldfare.
Stormcock	The green woodpecker.
Stormfinch	The storm petrel.
Stormful	Abounding with storms.
Stormglass	A glass vessel, usually cylindrical, filled with a solution which is sensitive to atmospheric changes, indicating by a clouded appearance, rain, snow, etc., and by clearness, fair weather.
Stormily	In a stormy manner.
Storminess	The state of being stormy; tempestuousness; biosteruousness; impetuousness.
Storming	a. & n. from Storm, v.
Stormless	Without storms.
Stormwind	A heavy wind; a wind that brings a storm; the blast of a storm.
Stormy	Characterized by, or proceeding from, a storm; subject to storms; agitated with furious winds; biosterous; tempestous; as, a stormy season; a stormy day or week.
Stormy	Proceeding from violent agitation or fury; as, a stormy sound; stormy shocks.
Stormy	Violent; passionate; rough; as, stormy passions.
Storthing	The Parliament of Norway, chosen by indirect election once in three years, but holding annual sessions.
Storven	p. p. of Starve.
Stories	of Story
Story	A set of rooms on the same floor or level; a floor, or the space between two floors. Also, a horizontal division of a building's exterior considered architecturally, which need not correspond exactly with the stories within.
Story	A narration or recital of that which has occurred; a description of past events; a history; a statement; a record.
Story	The relation of an incident or minor event; a short narrative; a tale; especially, a fictitious narrative less elaborate than a novel; a short romance.
Story	A euphemism or child's word for "a lie;" a fib; as, to tell a story.
Storied	of Story
Storying	of Story
Story	To tell in historical relation; to make the subject of a story; to narrate or describe in story.
Storybook	A book containing stories, or short narratives, either true or false.
Story-teller	One who tells stories; a narrator of anecdotes,incidents, or fictitious tales; as, an amusing story-teller.
Story-teller	An historian; -- in contempt.
Story-teller	A euphemism or child's word for
Story-telling	Being accustomed to tell stories.
Story-telling	The act or practice of telling stories.
Story-writer	One who writes short stories, as for magazines.
Story-writer	An historian; a chronicler.
Stot	A horse.
Stot	A young bull or ox, especially one three years old.
Stote	See Stoat.
Stound	To be in pain or sorrow.
Stound	Stunned.
Stound	A sudden, severe pain or grief; peril; alarm.
Stound	Astonishment; amazement.
Stound	Hour; time; season.
Stound	A brief space of time; a moment.
Stound	A vessel for holding small beer.
Stoup	A flagon; a vessel or measure for liquids.
Stoup	A basin at the entrance of Roman Catholic churches for containing the holy water with which those who enter, dipping their fingers in it, cross themselves; -- called also holy-water stoup.
Stour	A battle or tumult; encounter; combat; disturbance; passion.
Stour	Tall; strong; stern.
Stout	Strong; lusty; vigorous; robust; sinewy; muscular; hence, firm; resolute; dauntless.
Stout	Proud; haughty; arrogant; hard.
Stout	Firm; tough; materially strong; enduring; as, a stout vessel, stick, string, or cloth.
Stout	Large; bulky; corpulent.
Stout	A strong malt liquor; strong porter.
Stout-hearted	Having a brave heart; courageous.
Stoutish	Somewhat stout; somewhat corpulent.
Stoutly	In a stout manner; lustily; boldly; obstinately; as, he stoutly defended himself.
Stoutness	The state or quality of being stout.
Stove	imp. of Stave.
Stove	A house or room artificially warmed or heated; a forcing house, or hothouse; a drying room; -- formerly, designating an artificially warmed dwelling or room, a parlor, or a bathroom, but now restricted, in this sense, to heated houses or rooms used for horticultural purposes or in the processes of the arts.
Stove	An apparatus, consisting essentially of a receptacle for fuel, made of iron, brick, stone, or tiles, and variously constructed, in which fire is made or kept for warming a room or a house, or for culinary or other purposes.
Stoved	of Stove
Stoving	of Stove
Stove	To keep warm, in a house or room, by artificial heat; as, to stove orange trees.
Stove	To heat or dry, as in a stove; as, to stove feathers.
Stovehouse	A hothouse.
Stovepipe	Pipe made of sheet iron in length and angular or curved pieces fitting together, -- used to connect a portable stove with a chimney flue.
Stover	Fodder for cattle, especially straw or coarse hay.
Stowed	of Stow
Stowing	of Stow
Stow	To place or arrange in a compact mass; to put in its proper place, or in a suitable place; to pack; as, to stowbags, bales, or casks in a ship's hold; to stow hay in a mow; to stow sheaves.
Stow	To put away in some place; to hide; to lodge.
Stow	To arrange anything compactly in; to fill, by packing closely; as, to stow a box, car, or the hold of a ship.
Stowage	The act or method of stowing; as, the stowage of provisions in a vessel.
Stowage	Room in which things may be stowed.
Stowage	The state of being stowed, or put away.
Stowage	Things stowed or packed.
Stowage	Money paid for stowing goods.
Stowaway	One who conceals himself board of a vessel about to leave port, or on a railway train, in order to obtain a free passage.
Stowboard	A place into which rubbish is put.
Stowce	A windlass.
Stowce	A wooden landmark, to indicate possession of mining land.
Stowing	A method of working in which the waste is packed into the space formed by excavating the vein.
Stowre	See Stour, a.
Stowre	See Stour, n.
Strabism	Strabismus.
Strabismometer	An instrument for measuring the amount of strabismus.
Strabismus	An affection of one or both eyes, in which the optic axes can not be directed to the same object, -- a defect due either to undue contraction or to undue relaxation of one or more of the muscles which move the eyeball; squinting; cross-eye.
Strabotomy	The operation for the removal of squinting by the division of such muscles as distort the eyeball.
Straddled	of Straddle
Straddling	of Straddle
Straddle	To part the legs wide; to stand or to walk with the legs far apart.
Straddle	To stand with the ends staggered; -- said of the spokes of a wagon wheel where they join the hub.
Straddle	To place one leg on one side and the other on the other side of; to stand or sit astride of; as, to straddle a fence or a horse.
Straddle	The act of standing, sitting, or walking, with the feet far apart.
Straddle	The position, or the distance between the feet, of one who straddles; as, a wide straddle.
Straddle	A stock option giving the holder the double privilege of a "put" and a "call," i. e., securing to the buyer of the option the right either to demand of the seller at a certain price, within a certain time, certain securities, or to require him to take at the same price, and within the same time, the same securities.
Straddling	Applied to spokes when they are arranged alternately in two circles in the hub. See Straddle, v. i., and Straddle, v. t., 3.
Stradometrical	Of, or relating to, the measuring of streets or roads.
Straggled	of Straggle
Straggling	of Straggle
Straggle	To wander from the direct course or way; to rove; to stray; to wander from the line of march or desert the line of battle; as, when troops are on the march, the men should not straggle.
Straggle	To wander at large; to roam idly about; to ramble.
Straggle	To escape or stretch beyond proper limits, as the branches of a plant; to spread widely apart; to shoot too far or widely in growth.
Straggle	To be dispersed or separated; to occur at intervals.
Straggle	The act of straggling.
Straggler	One who straggles, or departs from the direct or proper course, or from the company to which he belongs; one who falls behind the rest; one who rambles without any settled direction.
Straggler	A roving vagabond.
Straggler	Something that shoots, or spreads out, beyond the rest, or too far; an exuberant growth.
Straggler	Something that stands alone or by itself.
Straggling	a. & n. from Straggle, v.
Stragglingly	In a straggling manner.
Stragula	of Stragulum
Stragulum	The mantle, or pallium, of a bird.
Straight	A variant of Strait, a.
Straight	Right, in a mathematical sense; passing from one point to another by the nearest course; direct; not deviating or crooked; as, a straight line or course; a straight piece of timber.
Straight	Approximately straight; not much curved; as, straight ribs are such as pass from the base of a leaf to the apex, with a small curve.
Straight	Composed of cards which constitute a regular sequence, as the ace, king, queen, jack, and ten-spot; as, a straight hand; a straight flush.
Straight	Conforming to justice and rectitude; not deviating from truth or fairness; upright; as, straight dealing.
Straight	Unmixed; undiluted; as, to take liquor straight.
Straight	Making no exceptions or deviations in one's support of the organization and candidates of a political party; as, a straight Republican; a straight Democrat; also, containing the names of all the regularly nominated candidates of a party and no others; as, a straight ballot.
Straight	In a straight manner; directly; rightly; forthwith; immediately; as, the arrow went straight to the mark.
Straight	A hand of five cards in consecutive order as to value; a sequence. When they are of one suit, it is calles straight flush.
Straight	To straighten.
Straightedge	A board, or piece of wood or metal, having one edge perfectly straight, -- used to ascertain whether a line is straight or a surface even, and for drawing straight lines.
Straighted	of Straighten
Straighting	of Straighten
Straighten	To make straight; to reduce from a crooked to a straight form.
Straighten	To make right or correct; to reduce to order; as, to straighten one's affairs; to straighten an account.
Straighten	A variant of Straiten.
Straightener	One who, or that which, straightens.
Straightforth	Straightway.
Straightforward	Proceeding in a straight course or manner; not deviating; honest; frank.
Straightforward	In a straightforward manner.
Straighthorn	An orthoceras.
Straight-joint	Having straight joints.
Straight-joint	Applied to a floor the boards of which are so laid that the joints form a continued line transverse to the length of the boards themselves.
Straight-joint	In the United States, applied to planking or flooring put together without the tongue and groove, the pieces being laid edge to edge.
Straight-lined	Having straight lines.
Straightly	In a right line; not crookedly.
Straightly	A variant of Straitly. See 1st Straight.
Straightness	The quality, condition, or state, of being straight; as, the straightness of a path.
Straightness	A variant of Straitness.
Straight-out	Acting without concealment, obliquity, or compromise; hence, unqualified; thoroughgoing.
Straight-pight	Straight in form or upright in position; erect.
Straight-spoken	Speaking with directness; plain-spoken.
Straightway	Immediately; without loss of time; without delay.
Straightways	Straightway.
Straik	A strake.
Strain	Race; stock; generation; descent; family.
Strain	Hereditary character, quality, or disposition.
Strain	Rank; a sort.
Strained	of Strain
Straining	of Strain
Strain	To draw with force; to extend with great effort; to stretch; as, to strain a rope; to strain the shrouds of a ship; to strain the cords of a musical instrument.
Strain	To act upon, in any way, so as to cause change of form or volume, as forces on a beam to bend it.
Strain	To exert to the utmost; to ply vigorously.
Strain	To stretch beyond its proper limit; to do violence to, in the matter of intent or meaning; as, to strain the law in order to convict an accused person.
Strain	To injure by drawing, stretching, or the exertion of force; as, the gale strained the timbers of the ship.
Strain	To injure in the muscles or joints by causing to make too strong an effort; to harm by overexertion; to sprain; as, to strain a horse by overloading; to strain the wrist; to strain a muscle.
Strain	To squeeze; to press closely.
Strain	To make uneasy or unnatural; to produce with apparent effort; to force; to constrain.
Strain	To urge with importunity; to press; as, to strain a petition or invitation.
Strain	To press, or cause to pass, through a strainer, as through a screen, a cloth, or some porous substance; to purify, or separate from extraneous or solid matter, by filtration; to filter; as, to strain milk through cloth.
Strain	To make violent efforts.
Strain	To percolate; to be filtered; as, water straining through a sandy soil.
Strain	The act of straining, or the state of being strained.
Strain	A violent effort; an excessive and hurtful exertion or tension, as of the muscles; as, he lifted the weight with a strain; the strain upon a ship's rigging in a gale; also, the hurt or injury resulting; a sprain.
Strain	A change of form or dimensions of a solid or liquid mass, produced by a stress.
Strain	A portion of music divided off by a double bar; a complete musical period or sentence; a movement, or any rounded subdivision of a movement.
Strain	Any sustained note or movement; a song; a distinct portion of an ode or other poem; also, the pervading note, or burden, of a song, poem, oration, book, etc.; theme; motive; manner; style; also, a course of action or conduct; as, he spoke in a noble strain; there was a strain of woe in his story; a strain of trickery appears in his career.
Strain	Turn; tendency; inborn disposition.  Cf. 1st Strain.
Strainable	Capable of being strained.
Strainable	Violent in action.
Strainably	Violently.
Strained	Subjected to great or excessive tension; wrenched; weakened; as, strained relations between old friends.
Strained	Done or produced with straining or excessive effort; as, his wit was strained.
Strainer	One who strains.
Strainer	That through which any liquid is passed for purification or to separate it from solid matter; anything, as a screen or a cloth, used to strain a liquid; a device of the character of a sieve or of a filter; specifically, an openwork or perforated screen, as for the end of the suction pipe of a pump, to prevent large solid bodies from entering with a liquid.
Straining	a. & n. from Strain.
Straint	Overexertion; excessive tension; strain.
Strait	A variant of Straight.
Strait	Narrow; not broad.
Strait	Tight; close; closely fitting.
Strait	Close; intimate; near; familiar.
Strait	Strict; scrupulous; rigorous.
Strait	Difficult; distressful; straited.
Strait	Parsimonious; niggargly; mean.
Strait	Strictly; rigorously.
Straits	of Strait
Strait	A narrow pass or passage.
Strait	A (comparatively) narrow passageway connecting two large bodies of water; -- often in the plural; as, the strait, or straits, of Gibraltar; the straits of Magellan; the strait, or straits, of Mackinaw.
Strait	A neck of land; an isthmus.
Strait	Fig.: A condition of narrowness or restriction; doubt; distress; difficulty; poverty; perplexity; -- sometimes in the plural; as, reduced to great straits.
Strait	To put to difficulties.
Straitened	of Straiten
Straitening	of Straiten
Straiten	To make strait; to make narrow; hence, to contract; to confine.
Straiten	To make tense, or tight; to tighten.
Straiten	To restrict; to distress or embarrass in respect of means or conditions of life; -- used chiefly in the past participle; -- as, a man straitened in his circumstances.
Strait-handed	Parsimonious; sparing; niggardly.
Strait-jacket	A dress of strong materials for restraining maniacs or those who are violently delirious. It has long sleeves, which are closed at the ends, confining the hands, and may be tied behind the back.
Strait-laced	Bound with stays.
Strait-laced	Restricted; stiff; constrained.
Strait-laced	Rigid in opinion; strict in manners or morals.
Straitly	In a strait manner; narrowly; strictly; rigorously.
Straitly	Closely; intimately.
Straitness	The quality or condition of being strait; especially, a pinched condition or situation caused by poverty; as, the straitnessof their circumstances.
Strait-waistcoat	Same as Strait-jacket.
Strake	imp. of Strike.
Strake	A streak.
Strake	An iron band by which the fellies of a wheel are secured to each other, being not continuous, as the tire is, but made up of separate pieces.
Strake	One breadth of planks or plates forming a continuous range on the bottom or sides of a vessel, reaching from the stem to the stern; a streak.
Strake	A trough for washing broken ore, gravel, or sand; a launder.
Strale	Pupil of the eye.
Stram	To spring or recoil with violence.
Stram	To dash down; to beat.
Stramash	To strike, beat, or bang; to break; to destroy.
Stramash	A turmoil; a broil; a fray; a fight.
Stramazoun	A direct descending blow with the edge of a sword.
Stramineous	Strawy; consisting of straw.
Stramineous	Chaffy; like straw; straw-colored.
Stramonium	A poisonous plant (Datura Stramonium); stinkweed. See Datura, and Jamestown weed.
Stramony	Stramonium.
Strand	One of the twists, or strings, as of fibers, wires, etc., of which a rope is composed.
Strand	To break a strand of (a rope).
Strand	The shore, especially the beach of a sea, ocean, or large lake; rarely, the margin of a navigable river.
Stranded	of Strand
Stranding	of Strand
Strand	To drive on a strand; hence, to run aground; as, to strand a ship.
Strand	To drift, or be driven, on shore to run aground; as, the ship stranded at high water.
Strang	Strong.
Strange	Belonging to another country; foreign.
Strange	Of or pertaining to others; not one's own; not pertaining to one's self; not domestic.
Strange	Not before known, heard, or seen; new.
Strange	Not according to the common way; novel; odd; unusual; irregular; extraordinary; unnatural; queer.
Strange	Reserved; distant in deportment.
Strange	Backward; slow.
Strange	Not familiar; unaccustomed; inexperienced.
Strange	Strangely.
Strange	To alienate; to estrange.
Strange	To be estranged or alienated.
Strange	To wonder; to be astonished.
Strangely	As something foreign, or not one's own; in a manner adapted to something foreign and strange.
Strangely	In the manner of one who does not know another; distantly; reservedly; coldly.
Strangely	In a strange manner; in a manner or degree to excite surprise or wonder; wonderfully.
Strangeness	The state or quality of being strange (in any sense of the adjective).
Stranger	One who is strange, foreign, or unknown.
Stranger	One who comes from a foreign land; a foreigner.
Stranger	One whose home is at a distance from the place where he is, but in the same country.
Stranger	One who is unknown or unacquainted; as, the gentleman is a stranger to me; hence, one not admitted to communication, fellowship, or acquaintance.
Stranger	One not belonging to the family or household; a guest; a visitor.
Stranger	One not privy or party an act, contract, or title; a mere intruder or intermeddler; one who interferes without right; as, actual possession of land gives a good title against a stranger having no title; as to strangers, a mortgage is considered merely as a pledge; a mere stranger to the levy.
Stranger	To estrange; to alienate.
Strangled	of Strangle
Strangling	of Strangle
Strangle	To compress the windpipe of (a person or animal) until death results from stoppage of respiration; to choke to death by compressing the throat, as with the hand or a rope.
Strangle	To stifle, choke, or suffocate in any manner.
Strangle	To hinder from appearance; to stifle; to suppress.
Strangle	To be strangled, or suffocated.
Strangleable	Capable of being strangled.
Strangler	One who, or that which, strangles.
Strangles	A disease in horses and swine, in which the upper part of the throat, or groups of lymphatic glands elsewhere, swells.
Strangulate	Strangulated.
Strangulated	Having the circulation stopped by compression; attended with arrest or obstruction of circulation, caused by constriction or compression; as, a strangulated hernia.
Strangulated	Contracted at irregular intervals, if tied with a ligature; constricted.
Strangulation	The act of strangling, or the state of being strangled.
Strangulation	Inordinate compression or constriction of a tube or part, as of the throat; especially, such as causes a suspension of breathing, of the passage of contents, or of the circulation, as in cases of hernia.
Strangurious	Of or pertaining to strangury.
Strangury	A painful discharge of urine, drop by drop, produced by spasmodic muscular contraction.
Strangury	A swelling or other disease in a plant, occasioned by a ligature fastened tightly about it.
Strany	The guillemot.
Strap	A long, narrow, pliable strip of leather, cloth, or the like; specifically, a strip of thick leather used in flogging.
Strap	Something made of such a strip, or of a part of one, or a combination of two or more for a particular use; as, a boot strap, shawl strap, stirrup strap.
Strap	A piece of leather, or strip of wood covered with a suitable material, for sharpening a razor; a strop.
Strap	A narrow strip of anything, as of iron or brass.
Strap	A band, plate, or loop of metal for clasping and holding timbers or parts of a machine.
Strap	A piece of rope or metal passing around a block and used for fastening it to anything.
Strap	The flat part of the corolla in ligulate florets, as those of the white circle in the daisy.
Strap	The leaf, exclusive of its sheath, in some grasses.
Strap	A shoulder strap. See under Shoulder.
Strapped	of Strap
Strapping	of Strap
Strap	To beat or chastise with a strap.
Strap	To fasten or bind with a strap.
Strap	To sharpen by rubbing on a strap, or strop; as, to strap a razor.
Strappadoes	of Strappado
Strappado	A military punishment formerly practiced, which consisted in drawing an offender to the top of a beam and letting him fall to the length of the rope, by which means a limb was often dislocated.
Strappado	To punish or torture by the strappado.
Strapper	One who uses strap.
Strapper	A person or thing of uncommon size.
Strapping	Tall; strong; lusty; large; as, a strapping fellow.
Strapple	To hold or bind with, or as with, a strap; to entangle.
Strap-shaped	Shaped like a strap; ligulate; as, a strap-shaped corolla.
Strapwork	A kind of ornament consisting of a narrow fillet or band folded, crossed, and interlaced.
Strass	A brilliant glass, used in the manufacture of artificial paste gems, which consists essentially of a complex borosilicate of lead and potassium.  Cf. Glass.
Strata	pl. of Stratum.
Stratagem	An artifice or trick in war for deceiving the enemy; hence, in general, artifice; deceptive device; secret plot; evil machination.
Stratagemical	Containing stratagem; as, a stratagemical epistle.
Stratarithmetry	The art of drawing up an army, or any given number of men, in any geometrical figure, or of estimating or expressing the number of men in such a figure.
Strategetic	Alt. of Strategetical
Strategetical	Strategic.
Strategetics	Strategy.
Strategic	Alt. of Strategical
Strategical	Of or pertaining to strategy; effected by artifice.
Strategics	Strategy.
Strategist	One skilled in strategy, or the science of directing great military movements.
Strategi	of Strategus
Strategus	The leader or commander of an army; a general.
Strategy	The science of military command, or the science of projecting campaigns and directing great military movements; generalship.
Strategy	The use of stratagem or artifice.
Strath	A valley of considerable size, through which a river runs; a valley bottom; -- often used in composition with the name of the river; as, Strath Spey, Strathdon, Strathmore.
Strathspey	A lively Scottish dance, resembling the reel, but slower; also, the tune.
Straticulate	Characterized by the presence of thin parallel strata, or layers, as in an agate.
Stratification	The act or process of laying in strata, or the state of being laid in the form of strata, or layers.
Stratification	The deposition of material in successive layers in the growth of a cell wall, thus giving rise to a stratified appearance.
Stratified	Having its substance arranged in strata, or layers; as, stratified rock.
Stratiform	Having the form of strata.
Stratified	of Stratify
Stratifying	of Stratify
Stratify	To form or deposit in strata, or layers, as substances in the earth; to arrange in strata.
Stratigraphic	Alt. of Stratigraphical
Stratigraphical	Pertaining to, or depended upon, the order or arrangement of strata; as, stratigraphical evidence.
Stratigraphic	Alt. of -ical
-ical	See Stratographic.
Stratigraphy	That branch of geology which treats of the arrangement and succession of strata.
Stratocracy	A military government; government by military chiefs and an army.
Stratographic	Alt. of Stratographical
Stratographical	Of or pertaining to stratography.
Stratography	A description of an army, or of what belongs to an army.
Stratonic	Of or pertaining to an army.
Stratotic	Warlike; military.
Stratums	of Stratum
Strata	of Stratum
Stratum	A bed of earth or rock of one kind, formed by natural causes, and consisting usually of a series of layers, which form a rock as it lies between beds of other kinds. Also used figuratively.
Stratum	A bed or layer artificially made; a course.
Stratus	A form of clouds in which they are arranged in a horizontal band or layer. See Cloud.
Straught	imp. & p. p. of Stretch.
Straught	To stretch; to make straight.
Straw	To spread or scatter. See Strew, and Strow.
Straw	A stalk or stem of certain species of grain, pulse, etc., especially of wheat, rye, oats, barley, more rarely of buckwheat, beans, and pease.
Straw	The gathered and thrashed stalks of certain species of grain, etc.; as, a bundle, or a load, of rye straw.
Straw	Anything proverbially worthless; the least possible thing; a mere trifle.
Strawberry	A fragrant edible berry, of a delicious taste and commonly of a red color, the fruit of a plant of the genus Fragaria, of which there are many varieties. Also, the plant bearing the fruit. The common American strawberry is Fragaria virginiana; the European, F. vesca. There are also other less common species.
Strawboard	Pasteboard made of pulp of straw.
Straw-colored	Being of a straw color. See Straw color, under Straw, n.
Straw-cutter	An instrument to cut straw for fodder.
Strawed	imp. & p. p. of Straw.
Strawworm	A caddice worm.
Strawy	Of or pertaining to straw; made of, or resembling, straw.
Strayed	of Stray
Straying	of Stray
Stray	To wander, as from a direct course; to deviate, or go out of the way.
Stray	To wander from company, or from the proper limits; to rove at large; to roam; to go astray.
Stray	Figuratively, to wander from the path of duty or rectitude; to err.
Stray	To cause to stray.
Stray	Having gone astray; strayed; wandering; as, a strayhorse or sheep.
Stray	Any domestic animal that has an inclosure, or its proper place and company, and wanders at large, or is lost; an estray.  Used also figuratively.
Stray	The act of wandering or going astray.
Strayer	One who strays; a wanderer.
Stre	Straw.
Streak	To stretch; to extend; hence, to lay out, as a dead body.
Streak	A line or long mark of a different color from the ground; a stripe; a vein.
Streak	A strake.
Streak	The fine powder or mark yielded by a mineral when scratched or rubbed against a harder surface, the color of which is sometimes a distinguishing character.
Streak	The rung or round of a ladder.
Streaked	of Streak
Streaking	of Streak
Streak	To form streaks or stripes in or on; to stripe; to variegate with lines of a different color, or of different colors.
Streak	With it as an object: To run swiftly.
Streaked	Marked or variegated with stripes.
Streaked	Uncomfortable; out of sorts.
Streaky	Same as Streaked, 1.
Stream	A current of water or other fluid; a liquid flowing continuously in a line or course, either on the earth, as a river, brook, etc., or from a vessel, reservoir, or fountain; specifically, any course of running water; as, many streams are blended in the Mississippi; gas and steam came from the earth in streams; a stream of molten lead from a furnace; a stream of lava from a volcano.
Stream	A beam or ray of light.
Stream	Anything issuing or moving with continued succession of parts; as, a stream of words; a stream of sand.
Stream	A continued current or course; as, a stream of weather.
Stream	Current; drift; tendency; series of tending or moving causes; as, the stream of opinions or manners.
Streamed	of Stream
Streaming	of Stream
Stream	To issue or flow in a stream; to flow freely or in a current, as a fluid or whatever is likened to fluids; as, tears streamed from her eyes.
Stream	To pour out, or emit, a stream or streams.
Stream	To issue in a stream of light; to radiate.
Stream	To extend; to stretch out with a wavy motion; to float in the wind; as, a flag streams in the wind.
Stream	To send forth in a current or stream; to cause to flow; to pour; as, his eyes streamed tears.
Stream	To mark with colors or embroidery in long tracts.
Stream	To unfurl.
Streamer	An ensign, flag, or pennant, which floats in the wind; specifically, a long, narrow, ribbonlike flag.
Streamer	A stream or column of light shooting upward from the horizon, constituting one of the forms of the aurora borealis.
Streamer	A searcher for stream tin.
Streamful	Abounding in streams, or in water.
Streaminess	The state of being streamy; a trailing.
Streaming	Sending forth streams.
Streaming	The act or operation of that which streams; the act of that which sends forth, or which runs in, streams.
Streaming	The reduction of stream tin; also, the search for stream tin.
Streamless	Destitute of streams, or of a stream, as a region of country, or a dry channel.
Streamlet	A small stream; a rivulet; a rill.
Streamy	Abounding with streams, or with running water; streamful.
Streamy	Resembling a stream; issuing in a stream.
Stree	Straw.
Streek	To stretch; also, to lay out, as a dead body. See Streak.
Streel	To trail along; to saunter or be drawn along, carelessly, swaying in a kind of zigzag motion.
Streen	See Strene.
Street	Originally, a paved way or road; a public highway; now commonly, a thoroughfare in a city or village, bordered by dwellings or business houses.
Streetwalker	A common prostitute who walks the streets to find customers.
Streetward	An officer, or ward, having the care of the streets.
Streetward	Facing toward the street.
Streight	See 2nd Strait.
Streighten	See Straiten.
Strein	To strain.
Streit	Drawn.
Streit	Close; narrow; strict.
Streite	Narrowly; strictly; straitly.
Strelitz	A soldier of the ancient Muscovite guard or Russian standing army; also, the guard itself.
Strelitzia	A genus of plants related to the banana, found at the Cape of Good Hope. They have rigid glaucous distichous leaves, and peculiar richly colored flowers.
Strene	Race; offspring; stock; breed; strain.
Strenger	Alt. of Strengest
Strengest	the original compar. & superl. of Strong.
Strength	The quality or state of being strong; ability to do or to bear; capacity for exertion or endurance, whether physical, intellectual, or moral; force; vigor; power; as, strength of body or of the arm; strength of mind, of memory, or of judgment.
Strength	Power to resist force; solidity or toughness; the quality of bodies by which they endure the application of force without breaking or yielding; -- in this sense opposed to frangibility; as, the strength of a bone, of a beam, of a wall, a rope, and the like.
Strength	Power of resisting attacks; impregnability.
Strength	That quality which tends to secure results; effective power in an institution or enactment; security; validity; legal or moral force; logical conclusiveness; as, the strength of social or legal obligations; the strength of law; the strength of public opinion; strength of evidence; strength of argument.
Strength	One who, or that which, is regarded as embodying or affording force, strength, or firmness; that on which confidence or reliance is based; support; security.
Strength	Force as measured; amount, numbers, or power of any body, as of an army, a navy, and the like; as, what is the strength of the enemy by land, or by sea?
Strength	Vigor or style; force of expression; nervous diction; -- said of literary work.
Strength	Intensity; -- said of light or color.
Strength	Intensity or degree of the distinguishing and essential element; spirit; virtue; excellence; -- said of liquors, solutions, etc.; as, the strength of wine or of acids.
Strength	A strong place; a stronghold.
Strength	To strengthen.
Strengthened	of Strengthen
Strengthening	of Strengthen
Strengthen	To make strong or stronger; to add strength to; as, to strengthen a limb, a bridge, an army; to strengthen an obligation; to strengthen authority.
Strengthen	To animate; to encourage; to fix in resolution.
Strengthen	To grow strong or stronger.
Strengthener	One who, or that which, gives or adds strength.
Strengthening	That strengthens; giving or increasing strength.
Strengthful	Abounding in strength; full of strength; strong.
Strengthing	A stronghold.
Strengthless	Destitute of strength.
Strengthner	See Strengthener.
Strengthy	Having strength; strong.
Strenuity	Strenuousness; activity.
Strenuous	Eagerly pressing or urgent; zealous; ardent; earnest; bold; valiant; intrepid; as, a strenuous advocate for national rights; a strenuous reformer; a strenuous defender of his country.
Strepent	Noisy; loud.
Streperous	Loud; boisterous.
Strepitores	A division of birds, including the clamatorial and picarian birds, which do not have well developed singing organs.
Strepsipter	Alt. of Strepsipteran
Strepsipteran	One of the Strepsiptera.
Strepsiptera	A group of small insects having the anterior wings rudimentary, and in the form of short and slender twisted appendages, while the posterior ones are large and membranous. They are parasitic in the larval state on bees, wasps, and the like; -- called also Rhipiptera. See Illust. under Rhipipter.
Strepsipterous	Of or pertaining to Strepsiptera.
Strepsorhina	Same as Lemuroidea.
Strepsorhine	Having twisted nostrils; -- said of the lemurs.
Strepsorhine	One of the Strepsorhina; a lemur. See Illust. under Monkey.
Streptobacteria	A so-called variety of bacterium, consisting in reality of several bacteria linked together in the form of a chain.
Streptococci	of Streptococcus
Streptococcus	A long or short chain of micrococci, more or less curved.
Streptoneura	An extensive division of gastropod Mollusca in which the loop or visceral nerves is twisted, and the sexes separate. It is nearly to equivalent to Prosobranchiata.
Streptothrix	A genus of bacilli occurring of the form of long, smooth and apparently branched threads, either straight or twisted.
Stress	Distress.
Stress	Pressure, strain; -- used chiefly of immaterial things; except in mechanics; hence, urgency; importance; weight; significance.
Stress	The force, or combination of forces, which produces a strain; force exerted in any direction or manner between contiguous bodies, or parts of bodies, and taking specific names according to its direction, or mode of action, as thrust or pressure, pull or tension, shear or tangential stress.
Stress	Force of utterance expended upon words or syllables. Stress is in English the chief element in accent and is one of the most important in emphasis. See Guide to pronunciation, // 31-35.
Stress	Distress; the act of distraining; also, the thing distrained.
Stress	To press; to urge; to distress; to put to difficulties.
Stress	To subject to stress, pressure, or strain.
Stressful	Having much stress.
Stretched	of Stretch
Stretching	of Stretch
Stretch	To reach out; to extend; to put forth.
Stretch	To draw out to the full length; to cause to extend in a straight line; as, to stretch a cord or rope.
Stretch	To cause to extend in breadth; to spread; to expand; as, to stretch cloth; to stretch the wings.
Stretch	To make tense; to tighten; to distend forcibly.
Stretch	To draw or pull out to greater length; to strain; as, to stretch a tendon or muscle.
Stretch	To exaggerate; to extend too far; as, to stretch the truth; to stretch one's credit.
Stretch	To be extended; to be drawn out in length or in breadth, or both; to spread; to reach; as, the iron road stretches across the continent; the lake stretches over fifty square miles.
Stretch	To extend or spread one's self, or one's limbs; as, the lazy man yawns and stretches.
Stretch	To be extended, or to bear extension, without breaking, as elastic or ductile substances.
Stretch	To strain the truth; to exaggerate; as, a man apt to stretch in his report of facts.
Stretch	To sail by the wind under press of canvas; as, the ship stretched to the eastward.
Stretch	Act of stretching, or state of being stretched; reach; effort; struggle; strain; as, a stretch of the limbs; a stretch of the imagination.
Stretch	A continuous line or surface; a continuous space of time; as, grassy stretches of land.
Stretch	The extent to which anything may be stretched.
Stretch	The reach or extent of a vessel's progress on one tack; a tack or board.
Stretch	Course; direction; as, the stretch of seams of coal.
Stretcher	One who, or that which, stretches.
Stretcher	A brick or stone laid with its longer dimension in the line of direction of the wall.
Stretcher	A piece of timber used in building.
Stretcher	A narrow crosspiece of the bottom of a boat against which a rower braces his feet.
Stretcher	A crosspiece placed between the sides of a boat to keep them apart when hoisted up and griped.
Stretcher	A litter, or frame, for carrying disabled, wounded, or dead persons.
Stretcher	An overstretching of the truth; a lie.
Stretcher	One of the rods in an umbrella, attached at one end to one of the ribs, and at the other to the tube sliding upon the handle.
Stretcher	An instrument for stretching boots or gloves.
Stretcher	The frame upon which canvas is stretched for a painting.
Stretching	a. & n. from Stretch, v.
Stretto	The crowding of answer upon subject near the end of a fugue.
Stretto	In an opera or oratorio, a coda, or winding up, in an accelerated time.
Strewed	of Strew
strewn	of Strew
Strewing	of Strew
Strew	To scatter; to spread by scattering; to cast or to throw loosely apart; -- used of solids, separated or separable into parts or particles; as, to strew seed in beds; to strew sand on or over a floor; to strew flowers over a grave.
Strew	To cover more or less thickly by scattering something over or upon; to cover, or lie upon, by having been scattered; as, they strewed the ground with leaves; leaves strewed the ground.
Strew	To spread abroad; to disseminate.
Strewing	The act of scattering or spreading.
Strewing	Anything that is, or may be, strewed; -- used chiefly in the plural.
Strewment	Anything scattered, as flowers for decoration.
Strewn	p. p. of Strew.
Striae	of Stria
Stria	A minute groove, or channel; a threadlike line, as of color; a narrow structural band or line; a striation; as, the striae, or groovings, produced on a rock by a glacier passing over it; the striae on the surface of a shell; a stria of nervous matter in the brain.
Stria	A fillet between the flutes of columns, pilasters, or the like.
Striated	of Striate
Striating	of Striate
Striate	To mark with striaae.
Striate	Alt. of Striated
Striated	Marked with striaae, or fine grooves, or lines of color; showing narrow structural bands or lines; as, a striated crystal; striated muscular fiber.
Striation	The quality or condition of being striated.
Striation	A stria; as, the striations on a shell.
Striatum	The corpus striatum.
Striature	A stria.
Strich	An owl.
Strick	A bunch of hackled flax prepared for drawing into slivers.
Stricken	Struck; smitten; wounded; as, the stricken deer.
Stricken	Worn out; far gone; advanced. See Strike, v. t., 21.
Stricken	Whole; entire; -- said of the hour as marked by the striking of a clock.
Strickle	An instrument to strike grain to a level with the measure; a strike.
Strickle	An instrument for whetting scythes; a rifle.
Strickle	An instrument used for smoothing the surface of a core.
Strickle	A templet; a pattern.
Strickle	An instrument used in dressing flax.
Strickler	See Strickle.
Strickless	See Strickle.
Strict	Strained; drawn close; tight; as, a strict embrace; a strict ligature.
Strict	Tense; not relaxed; as, a strict fiber.
Strict	Exact; accurate; precise; rigorously nice; as, to keep strict watch; to pay strict attention.
Strict	Governed or governing by exact rules; observing exact rules; severe; rigorous; as, very strict in observing the Sabbath.
Strict	Rigidly; interpreted; exactly limited; confined; restricted; as, to understand words in a strict sense.
Strict	Upright, or straight and narrow; -- said of the shape of the plants or their flower clusters.
Striction	The act of constricting, or the state of being constricted.
Strictly	In a strict manner; closely; precisely.
Strictness	Quality or state of being strict.
Stricture	Strictness.
Stricture	A stroke; a glance; a touch.
Stricture	A touch of adverse criticism; censure.
Stricture	A localized morbid contraction of any passage of the body.  Cf. Organic stricture, and Spasmodic stricture, under Organic, and Spasmodic.
Strictured	Affected with a stricture; as, a strictured duct.
Strid	A narrow passage between precipitous rocks or banks, which looks as if it might be crossed at a stride.
Strode	of Stride
Strid	of Stride
Stridden	of Stride
Strid	of Stride
Striding	of Stride
Stride	To walk with long steps, especially in a measured or pompous manner.
Stride	To stand with the legs wide apart; to straddle.
Stride	To pass over at a step; to step over.
Stride	To straddle; to bestride.
Stride	The act of stridding; a long step; the space measured by a long step; as, a masculine stride.
Strident	Characterized by harshness; grating; shrill.
Stridor	A harsh, shrill, or creaking noise.
Stridulate	To make a shrill, creaking noise
Stridulate	to make a shrill or musical sound, such as is made by the males of many insects.
Stridulation	The act of stridulating.
Stridulation	The act of making shrill sounds or musical notes by rubbing together certain hard parts, as is done by the males of many insects, especially by Orthoptera, such as crickets, grasshoppers, and locusts.
Stridulation	The noise itself.
Stridulator	That which stridulates.
Stridulatory	Stridulous; able to stridulate; used in stridulating; adapted for stridulation.
Stridulous	Making a shrill, creaking sound.
Strife	The act of striving; earnest endeavor.
Strife	Exertion or contention for superiority; contest of emulation, either by intellectual or physical efforts.
Strife	Altercation; violent contention; fight; battle.
Strife	That which is contended against; occasion of contest.
Strifeful	Contentious; discordant.
Strigate	Having transverse bands of color.
Striges	The tribe of birds which comprises the owls.
Strigil	An instrument of metal, ivory, etc., used for scraping the skin at the bath.
Strigillose	Set with stiff, slender bristles.
Strigine	Of or pertaining to owls; owl-like.
Strigment	Scraping; that which is scraped off.
Strigose	Set with stiff, straight bristles; hispid; as, a strigose leaf.
Strigous	Strigose.
Struck	of Strike
Struck	of Strike
Stricken	of Strike
Stroock	of Strike
Strucken	of Strike
Striking	of Strike
Strike	To touch or hit with some force, either with the hand or with an instrument; to smite; to give a blow to, either with the hand or with any instrument or missile.
Strike	To come in collision with; to strike against; as, a bullet struck him; the wave struck the boat amidships; the ship struck a reef.
Strike	To give, as a blow; to impel, as with a blow; to give a force to; to dash; to cast.
Strike	To stamp or impress with a stroke; to coin; as, to strike coin from metal: to strike dollars at the mint.
Strike	To thrust in; to cause to enter or penetrate; to set in the earth; as, a tree strikes its roots deep.
Strike	To punish; to afflict; to smite.
Strike	To cause to sound by one or more beats; to indicate or notify by audible strokes; as, the clock strikes twelve; the drums strike up a march.
Strike	To lower; to let or take down; to remove; as, to strike sail; to strike a flag or an ensign, as in token of surrender; to strike a yard or a topmast in a gale; to strike a tent; to strike the centering of an arch.
Strike	To make a sudden impression upon, as by a blow; to affect sensibly with some strong emotion; as, to strike the mind, with surprise; to strike one with wonder, alarm, dread, or horror.
Strike	To affect in some particular manner by a sudden impression or impulse; as, the plan proposed strikes me favorably; to strike one dead or blind.
Strike	To cause or produce by a stroke, or suddenly, as by a stroke; as, to strike a light.
Strike	To cause to ignite; as, to strike a match.
Strike	To make and ratify; as, to strike a bargain.
Strike	To take forcibly or fraudulently; as, to strike money.
Strike	To level, as a measure of grain, salt, or the like, by scraping off with a straight instrument what is above the level of the top.
Strike	To cut off, as a mortar joint, even with the face of the wall, or inward at a slight angle.
Strike	To hit upon, or light upon, suddenly; as, my eye struck a strange word; they soon struck the trail.
Strike	To borrow money of; to make a demand upon; as, he struck a friend for five dollars.
Strike	To lade into a cooler, as a liquor.
Strike	To stroke or pass lightly; to wave.
Strike	To advance; to cause to go forward; -- used only in past participle.
Strike	To move; to advance; to proceed; to take a course; as, to strike into the fields.
Strike	To deliver a quick blow or thrust; to give blows.
Strike	To hit; to collide; to dush; to clash; as, a hammer strikes against the bell of a clock.
Strike	To sound by percussion, with blows, or as with blows; to be struck; as, the clock strikes.
Strike	To make an attack; to aim a blow.
Strike	To touch; to act by appulse.
Strike	To run upon a rock or bank; to be stranded; as, the ship struck in the night.
Strike	To pass with a quick or strong effect; to dart; to penetrate.
Strike	To break forth; to commence suddenly; -- with into; as, to strike into reputation; to strike into a run.
Strike	To lower a flag, or colors, in token of respect, or to signify a surrender of a ship to an enemy.
Strike	To quit work in order to compel an increase, or prevent a reduction, of wages.
Strike	To become attached to something; -- said of the spat of oysters.
Strike	To steal money.
Strike	The act of striking.
Strike	An instrument with a straight edge for leveling a measure of grain, salt, and the like, scraping off what is above the level of the top; a strickle.
Strike	A bushel; four pecks.
Strike	An old measure of four bushels.
Strike	Fullness of measure; hence, excellence of quality.
Strike	An iron pale or standard in a gate or fence.
Strike	The act of quitting work; specifically, such an act by a body of workmen, done as a means of enforcing compliance with demands made on their employer.
Strike	A puddler's stirrer.
Strike	The horizontal direction of the outcropping edges of tilted rocks; or, the direction of a horizontal line supposed to be drawn on the surface of a tilted stratum. It is at right angles to the dip.
Strike	The extortion of money, or the attempt to extort money, by threat of injury; blackmailing.
Striker	One who, or that which, strikes; specifically, a blacksmith's helper who wields the sledge.
Striker	A harpoon; also, a harpooner.
Striker	A wencher; a lewd man.
Striker	A workman who is on a strike.
Striker	A blackmailer in politics; also, one whose political influence can be bought.
Striking	a. & n. from Strike, v.
Striking	Affecting with strong emotions; surprising; forcible; impressive; very noticeable; as, a striking representation or image; a striking resemblance.
Strikle	See Strickle.
String	A small cord, a line, a twine, or a slender strip of leather, or other substance, used for binding together, fastening, or tying things; a cord, larger than a thread and smaller than a rope; as, a shoe string; a bonnet string; a silken string.
String	A thread or cord on which a number of objects or parts are strung or arranged in close and orderly succession; hence, a line or series of things arranged on a thread, or as if so arranged; a succession; a concatenation; a chain; as, a string of shells or beads; a string of dried apples; a string of houses; a string of arguments.
String	A strip, as of leather, by which the covers of a book are held together.
String	The cord of a musical instrument, as of a piano, harp, or violin; specifically (pl.), the stringed instruments of an orchestra, in distinction from the wind instruments; as, the strings took up the theme.
String	The line or cord of a bow.
String	A fiber, as of a plant; a little, fibrous root.
String	A nerve or tendon of an animal body.
String	An inside range of ceiling planks, corresponding to the sheer strake on the outside and bolted to it.
String	The tough fibrous substance that unites the valves of the pericap of leguminous plants, and which is readily pulled off; as, the strings of beans.
String	A small, filamentous ramification of a metallic vein.
String	Same as Stringcourse.
String	The points made in a game.
Strung	of String
Strung	of String
Stringed	of String
Stringing	of String
String	To furnish with strings; as, to string a violin.
String	To put in tune the strings of, as a stringed instrument, in order to play upon it.
String	To put on a string; to file; as, to string beads.
String	To make tense; to strengthen.
String	To deprive of strings; to strip the strings from; as, to string beans. See String, n., 9.
Stringboard	Same as Stringpiece.
Stringcourse	A horizontal band in a building, forming a part of the design, whether molded, projecting, or carved, or in any way distinguished from the rest of the work.
Stringed	Having strings; as, a stringed instrument.
Stringed	Produced by strings.
Stringency	The quality or state of being stringent.
Stringendo	Urging or hastening the time, as to a climax.
Stringent	Binding strongly; making strict requirements; restrictive; rigid; severe; as, stringent rules.
Stringer	One who strings; one who makes or provides strings, especially for bows.
Stringer	A libertine; a wencher.
Stringer	A longitudinal sleeper.
Stringer	A streak of planking carried round the inside of a vessel on the under side of the beams.
Stringer	A long horizontal timber to connect uprights in a frame, or to support a floor or the like.
Stringhalt	An habitual sudden twitching of the hinder leg of a horse, or an involuntary or convulsive contraction of the muscles that raise the hock.
Stringiness	Quality of being stringy.
Stringless	Having no strings.
Stringpiece	A long piece of timber, forming a margin or edge of any piece of construction; esp.:
Stringpiece	One of the longitudinal pieces, supporting the treads and rises of a flight or run of stairs.
Stringy	Consisting of strings, or small threads; fibrous; filamentous; as, a stringy root.
Stringy	Capable of being drawn into a string, as a glutinous substance; ropy; viscid; gluely.
Stripped	of Strip
Stripping	of Strip
Strip	To deprive; to bereave; to make destitute; to plunder; especially, to deprive of a covering; to skin; to peel; as, to strip a man of his possession, his rights, his privileges, his reputation; to strip one of his clothes; to strip a beast of his skin; to strip a tree of its bark.
Strip	To divest of clothing; to uncover.
Strip	To dismantle; as, to strip a ship of rigging, spars, etc.
Strip	To pare off the surface of, as land, in strips.
Strip	To deprive of all milk; to milk dry; to draw the last milk from; hence, to milk with a peculiar movement of the hand on the teats at the last of a milking; as, to strip a cow.
Strip	To pass; to get clear of; to outstrip.
Strip	To pull or tear off, as a covering; to remove; to wrest away; as, to strip the skin from a beast; to strip the bark from a tree; to strip the clothes from a man's back; to strip away all disguisses.
Strip	To tear off (the thread) from a bolt or nut; as, the thread is stripped.
Strip	To tear off the thread from (a bolt or nut); as, the bolt is stripped.
Strip	To remove the metal coating from (a plated article), as by acids or electrolytic action.
Strip	To remove fiber, flock, or lint from; -- said of the teeth of a card when it becomes partly clogged.
Strip	To pick the cured leaves from the stalks of (tobacco) and tie them into "hands"; to remove the midrib from (tobacco leaves).
Strip	To take off, or become divested of, clothes or covering; to undress.
Strip	To fail in the thread; to lose the thread, as a bolt, screw, or nut. See Strip, v. t., 8.
Strip	A narrow piece, or one comparatively long; as, a strip of cloth; a strip of land.
Strip	A trough for washing ore.
Strip	The issuing of a projectile from a rifled gun without acquiring the spiral motion.
Stripe	A line, or long, narrow division of anything of a different color or structure from the ground; hence, any linear variation of color or structure; as, a stripe, or streak, of red on a green ground; a raised stripe.
Stripe	A pattern produced by arranging the warp threads in sets of alternating colors, or in sets presenting some other contrast of appearance.
Stripe	A strip, or long, narrow piece attached to something of a different color; as, a red or blue stripe sewed upon a garment.
Stripe	A stroke or blow made with a whip, rod, scourge, or the like, such as usually leaves a mark.
Stripe	A long, narrow discoloration of the skin made by the blow of a lash, rod, or the like.
Stripe	Color indicating a party or faction; hence, distinguishing characteristic; sign; likeness; sort; as, persons of the same political stripe.
Stripe	The chevron on the coat of a noncommissioned officer.
Striped	of Stripe
Striping	of Stripe
Stripe	To make stripes upon; to form with lines of different colors or textures; to variegate with stripes.
Stripe	To strike; to lash.
Striped	Having stripes of different colors; streaked.
Strip-leaf	Tobacco which has been stripped of its stalks before packing.
Stripling	A youth in the state of adolescence, or just passing from boyhood to manhood; a lad.
Stripper	One who, or that which, strips; specifically, a machine for stripping cards.
Strippet	A small stream.
Stripping	The act of one who strips.
Stripping	The last milk drawn from a cow at a milking.
Strisores	A division of passerine birds including the humming birds, swifts, and goatsuckers. It is now generally considered an artificial group.
Strove	of Strive
Striven	of Strive
Strove	of Strive
Striving	of Strive
Strive	To make efforts; to use exertions; to endeavor with earnestness; to labor hard.
Strive	To struggle in opposition; to be in contention or dispute; to contend; to contest; -- followed by against or with before the person or thing opposed; as, strive against temptation; strive for the truth.
Strive	To vie; to compete; to be a rival.
Strive	An effort; a striving.
Strive	Strife; contention.
Strived	Striven.
Striven	p. p. of Strive.
Striver	One who strives.
Striving	a. & n. from Strive.
Strix	One of the flutings of a column.
Stroam	To wander about idly and vacantly.
Stroam	To take long strides in walking.
Strobilae	of Strobila
Strobila	A form of the larva of certain Discophora in a state of development succeeding the scyphistoma. The body of the strobila becomes elongated, and subdivides transversely into a series of lobate segments which eventually become ephyrae, or young medusae.
Strobila	A mature tapeworm.
Strobilaceous	Of or pertaining to a strobile or cone.
Strobilaceous	Producing strobiles.
Strobilation	The act or phenomenon of spontaneously dividing transversely, as do certain species of annelids and helminths; transverse fission. See Illust. under Syllidian.
Strobile	A scaly multiple fruit resulting from the ripening of an ament in certain plants, as the hop or pine; a cone. See Cone, n., 3.
Strobile	An individual asexually producing sexual individuals differing from itself also in other respects, as the tapeworm, -- one of the forms that occur in metagenesis.
Strobile	Same as Strobila.
Strobiliform	Shaped like a strobile.
Strobiline	Of or pertaining to a strobile; strobilaceous; strobiliform; as, strobiline fruits.
Stroboscope	An instrument for studying or observing the successive phases of a periodic or varying motion by means of light which is periodically interrupted.
Stroboscope	An optical toy similar to the phenakistoscope. See Phenakistoscope.
Strockle	A shovel with a turned-up edge, for frit, sand, etc.
Strode	See Strude.
Strode	imp. of Stride.
Stroke	Struck.
Stroke	The act of striking; a blow; a hit; a knock; esp., a violent or hostile attack made with the arm or hand, or with an instrument or weapon.
Stroke	The result of effect of a striking; injury or affliction; soreness.
Stroke	The striking of the clock to tell the hour.
Stroke	A gentle, caressing touch or movement upon something; a stroking.
Stroke	A mark or dash in writing or printing; a line; the touch of a pen or pencil; as, an up stroke; a firm stroke.
Stroke	Hence, by extension, an addition or amandment to a written composition; a touch; as, to give some finishing strokes to an essay.
Stroke	A sudden attack of disease; especially, a fatal attack; a severe disaster; any affliction or calamity, especially a sudden one; as, a stroke of apoplexy; the stroke of death.
Stroke	A throb or beat, as of the heart.
Stroke	One of a series of beats or movements against a resisting medium, by means of which movement through or upon it is accomplished; as, the stroke of a bird's wing in flying, or an oar in rowing, of a skater, swimmer, etc.
Stroke	The rate of succession of stroke; as, a quick stroke.
Stroke	The oar nearest the stern of a boat, by which the other oars are guided; -- called also stroke oar.
Stroke	The rower who pulls the stroke oar; the strokesman.
Stroke	A powerful or sudden effort by which something is done, produced, or accomplished; also, something done or accomplished by such an effort; as, a stroke of genius; a stroke of business; a master stroke of policy.
Stroke	The movement, in either direction, of the piston plunger, piston rod, crosshead, etc., as of a steam engine or a pump, in which these parts have a reciprocating motion; as, the forward stroke of a piston; also, the entire distance passed through, as by a piston, in such a movement; as, the piston is at half stroke.
Stroke	Power; influence.
Stroke	Appetite.
Strokeed	of Stroke
Strokeing	of Stroke
Stroke	To strike.
Stroke	To rib gently in one direction; especially, to pass the hand gently over by way of expressing kindness or tenderness; to caress; to soothe.
Stroke	To make smooth by rubbing.
Stroke	To give a finely fluted surface to.
Stroke	To row the stroke oar of; as, to stroke a boat.
Stroker	One who strokes; also, one who pretends to cure by stroking.
Strokesman	of Strokesman
Strokesman	The man who rows the aftermost oar, and whose stroke is to be followed by the rest.
Stroking	The act of rubbing gently with the hand, or of smoothing; a stroke.
Stroking	The act of laying small gathers in cloth in regular order.
Stroking	See Stripping, 2.
Strolled	of Stroll
Strolling	of Stroll
Stroll	To wander on foot; to ramble idly or leisurely; to rove.
Stroll	A wandering on foot; an idle and leisurely walk; a ramble.
Stroller	One who strolls; a vagrant.
Stromata	of Stroma
Stroma	The connective tissue or supporting framework of an organ; as, the stroma of the kidney.
Stroma	The spongy, colorless framework of a red blood corpuscle or other cell.
Stroma	A layer or mass of cellular tissue, especially that part of the thallus of certain fungi which incloses the perithecia.
Stromatic	Miscellaneous; composed of different kinds.
Stromatology	The history of the formation of stratified rocks.
Stromb	Any marine univalve mollusk of the genus Strombus and allied genera. See Conch, and Strombus.
Strombite	A fossil shell of the genus Strombus.
Stromboid	Of, pertaining to, or like, Strombus.
Strombuliform	Formed or shaped like a top.
Strombuliform	Coiled into the shape of a screw or a helix.
Strombus	A genus of marine gastropods in which the shell has the outer lip dilated into a broad wing. It includes many large and handsome species commonly called conch shells, or conchs. See Conch.
Stromeyerite	A steel-gray mineral of metallic luster. It is a sulphide of silver and copper.
Strond	Strand; beach.
Strong	Having active physical power, or great physical power to act; having a power of exerting great bodily force; vigorous.
Strong	Having passive physical power; having ability to bear or endure; firm; hale; sound; robust; as, a strong constitution; strong health.
Strong	Solid; tough; not easily broken or injured; able to withstand violence; able to sustain attacks; not easily subdued or taken; as, a strong beam; a strong rock; a strong fortress or town.
Strong	Having great military or naval force; powerful; as, a strong army or fleet; a nation strong at sea.
Strong	Having great wealth, means, or resources; as, a strong house, or company of merchants.
Strong	Reaching a certain degree or limit in respect to strength or numbers; as, an army ten thousand strong.
Strong	Moving with rapidity or force; violent; forcible; impetuous; as, a strong current of water or wind; the wind was strong from the northeast; a strong tide.
Strong	Adapted to make a deep or effectual impression on the mind or imagination; striking or superior of the kind; powerful; forcible; cogent; as, a strong argument; strong reasons; strong evidence; a strong example; strong language.
Strong	Ardent; eager; zealous; earnestly engaged; as, a strong partisan; a strong Whig or Tory.
Strong	Having virtues of great efficacy; or, having a particular quality in a great degree; as, a strong powder or tincture; a strong decoction; strong tea or coffee.
Strong	Full of spirit; containing a large proportion of alcohol; intoxicating; as, strong liquors.
Strong	Affecting any sense powerfully; as, strong light, colors, etc.; a strong flavor of onions; a strong scent.
Strong	Solid; nourishing; as, strong meat.
Strong	Well established; firm; not easily overthrown or altered; as, a strong custom; a strong belief.
Strong	Violent; vehement; earnest; ardent.
Strong	Having great force, vigor, power, or the like, as the mind, intellect, or any faculty; as, a man of a strong mind, memory, judgment, or imagination.
Strong	Vigorous; effective; forcible; powerful.
Strong	Tending to higher prices; rising; as, a strong market.
Strong	Pertaining to, or designating, a verb which forms its preterit (imperfect) by a variation in the root vowel, and the past participle (usually) by the addition of -en (with or without a change of the root vowel); as in the verbs strive, strove, striven; break, broke, broken; drink, drank, drunk. Opposed to weak, or regular. See Weak.
Strong	Applied to forms in Anglo-Saxon, etc., which retain the old declensional endings. In the Teutonic languages the vowel stems have held the original endings most firmly, and are called strong; the stems in -n are called weak other constant stems conform, or are irregular.
Stronghand	Violence; force; power.
Stronghold	A fastness; a fort or fortress; fortfield place; a place of security.
Strongish	Somewhat strong.
Strongly	In a strong manner; so as to be strong in action or in resistance; with strength; with great force; forcibly; powerfully; firmly; vehemently; as, a town strongly fortified; he objected strongly.
Strong-minded	Having a vigorous mind; esp., having or affecting masculine qualities of mind; -- said of women.
Strong-water	An acid.
Strong-water	Distilled or ardent spirits; intoxicating liquor.
Strongylid	Strongyloid.
Strongyloid	Like, or pertaining to, Strongylus, a genus of parasitic nematode worms of which many species infest domestic animals. Some of the species, especially those living in the kidneys, lungs, and bronchial tubes, are often very injurious.
Strongyloid	A strongyloid worm.
Strontia	An earth of a white color resembling lime in appearance, and baryta in many of its properties. It is an oxide of the metal strontium.
Strontian	Strontia.
Strontianite	Strontium carbonate, a mineral of a white, greenish, or yellowish color, usually occurring in fibrous massive forms, but sometimes in prismatic crystals.
Strontic	Of or pertaining to strontium; containing, or designating the compounds of, strontium.
Strontitic	Strontic.
Strontium	A metallic element of the calcium group, always naturally occurring combined, as in the minerals strontianite, celestite, etc. It is isolated as a yellowish metal, somewhat malleable but harder than calcium. It is chiefly employed (as in the nitrate) to color pyrotechnic flames red. Symbol Sr. Atomic weight 87.3.
Strontium	A radioactive isotope of strontium produced by certain nuclear reactions, and constituting one of the prominent harmful components of radioactive fallout from nuclear explosions; also called radiostrontium. It has a half-life of 28 years.
Strook	imp. of Strike.
Strook	A stroke.
Stroot	To swell out; to strut.
Strop	A strap; specifically, same as Strap, 3.
Stropped	of Strop
Stropping	of Strop
Strop	To draw over, or rub upon, a strop with a view to sharpen; as, to strop a razor.
Strop	A piece of rope spliced into a circular wreath, and put round a block for hanging it.
Strophanthus	A genus of tropical apocynaceous shrubs having singularly twisted flowers. One species (Strophanthus hispidus) is used medicinally as a cardiac sedative and stimulant.
Strophes	of Strophe
Strophe	In Greek choruses and dances, the movement of the chorus while turning from the right to the left of the orchestra; hence, the strain, or part of the choral ode, sung during this movement. Also sometimes used of a stanza of modern verse. See the Note under Antistrophe.
Strophic	Pertaining to, containing, or consisting of, strophes.
Strophiolate	Alt. of Strophiolated
Strophiolated	Furnished with a strophiole, or caruncle, or that which resembles it.
Strophiole	A crestlike excrescence about the hilum of certain seeds; a caruncle.
Strophulus	See Red-gum, 1.
Stroud	A kind of coarse blanket or garment used by the North American Indians.
Strouding	Material for strouds; a kind of coarse cloth used in trade with the North American Indians.
Strout	To swell; to puff out; to project.
Strout	To cause to project or swell out; to enlarge affectedly; to strut.
Strove	imp. of Strive.
Strowed	of Strow
Strown	of Strow
Strowed	of Strow
Strow	Same as Strew.
Strowl	To stroll.
Strown	p. p. of Strow.
Stroy	To destroy.
Struck	imp. & p. p. of Strike.
Strucken	p. p. of Strike.
Structural	Of or pertaining to structure; affecting structure; as, a structural error.
Structural	Of or pertaining to organit structure; as, a structural element or cell; the structural peculiarities of an animal or a plant.
Structure	The act of building; the practice of erecting buildings; construction.
Structure	Manner of building; form; make; construction.
Structure	Arrangement of parts, of organs, or of constituent particles, in a substance or body; as, the structure of a rock or a mineral; the structure of a sentence.
Structure	Manner of organization; the arrangement of the different tissues or parts of animal and vegetable organisms; as, organic structure, or the structure of animals and plants; cellular structure.
Structure	That which is built; a building; esp., a building of some size or magnificence; an edifice.
Structured	Having a definite organic structure; showing differentiation of parts.
Structureless	Without a definite structure, or arrangement of parts; without organization; devoid of cells; homogeneous; as, a structureless membrane.
Structurist	One who forms structures; a builder; a constructor.
Strude	A stock of breeding mares.
Struggled	of Struggle
Struggling	of Struggle
Struggle	To strive, or to make efforts, with a twisting, or with contortions of the body.
Struggle	To use great efforts; to labor hard; to strive; to contend forcibly; as, to struggle to save one's life; to struggle with the waves; to struggle with adversity.
Struggle	To labor in pain or anguish; to be in agony; to labor in any kind of difficulty or distress.
Struggle	A violent effort or efforts with contortions of the body; agony; distress.
Struggle	Great labor; forcible effort to obtain an object, or to avert an evil.
Struggle	Contest; contention; strife.
Struggler	One who struggles.
Strull	A bar so placed as to resist weight.
Strummed	of Strum
Strumming	of Strum
Strum	To play on an instrument of music, or as on an instrument, in an unskillful or noisy way; to thrum; as, to strum a piano.
Struma	Scrofula.
Struma	A cushionlike swelling on any organ; especially, that at the base of the capsule in many mosses.
Strumatic	Scrofulous; strumous.
Strumose	Strumous.
Strumose	Having a struma.
Strumous	Scrofulous; having struma.
Strumousness	The state of being strumous.
Strumpet	A prostitute; a harlot.
Strumpet	Of or pertaining to a strumpet; characteristic of a strumpet.
Strumpet	To debauch.
Strumpet	To dishonor with the reputation of being a strumpet; hence, to belie; to slander.
Strumstrum	A rude musical instrument somewhat like a cittern.
Strung	imp. & p. p. of String.
Strunt	Spirituous liquor.
Struntian	A kind of worsted braid, about an inch broad.
Struse	A Russian river craft used for transporting freight.
Strutted	of Strut
Strutting	of Strut
Strut	To swell; to bulge out.
Strut	To walk with a lofty, proud gait, and erect head; to walk with affected dignity.
Strut	The act of strutting; a pompous step or walk.
Strut	In general, any piece of a frame which resists thrust or pressure in the direction of its own length. See Brace, and Illust. of Frame, and Roof.
Strut	Any part of a machine or structure, of which the principal function is to hold things apart; a brace subjected to compressive stress; -- the opposite of stay, and tie.
Strut	To hold apart.  Cf. Strut, n., 3.
Strut	Protuberant.
Struthian	Struthious.
Struthiones	of Struthio
Struthio	A genus of birds including the African ostriches.
Struthioidea	Same as Struthiones.
Struthiones	A division, or order, of birds, including only the African ostriches.
Struthiones	In a wider sense, an extensive group of birds including the ostriches, cassowaries, emus, moas, and allied birds incapable of flight. In this sense it is equivalent to Ratitae, or Dromaeognathae.
Struthionine	Struthious.
Struthious	Of or pertaining to the Struthiones, or Ostrich tribe.
Strutter	One who struts.
Strutting	a. & n. from Strut, v.
Struvite	A crystalline mineral found in guano. It is a hydrous phosphate of magnesia and ammonia.
Strychnia	Strychnine.
Strychnic	Of or pertaining to strychnine; produced by strychnine; as, strychnic compounds; strychnic poisoning
Strychnic	used to designate an acid, called also igasuric acid.
Strychnine	A very poisonous alkaloid resembling brucine, obtained from various species of plants, especially from species of Loganiaceae, as from the seeds of the St. Ignatius bean (Strychnos Ignatia) and from nux vomica. It is obtained as a white crystalline substance, having a very bitter acrid taste, and is employed in medicine (chiefly in the form of the sulphate) as a powerful neurotic stimulant. Called also strychnia, and formerly strychnina.
Strychnos	A genus of tropical trees and shrubs of the order Loganiaceae. See Nux vomica.
Stryphnic	Pertaining to, or designating, a complex nitrogenous acid, obtained by the action of acetic acid and potassium nitrite on uric acid, as a yellow crystalline substance, with a bitter, astringent taste.
Stub	The stump of a tree; that part of a tree or plant which remains fixed in the earth when the stem is cut down; -- applied especially to the stump of a small tree, or shrub.
Stub	A log; a block; a blockhead.
Stub	The short blunt part of anything after larger part has been broken off or used up; hence, anything short and thick; as, the stub of a pencil, candle, or cigar.
Stub	A part of a leaf in a check book, after a check is torn out, on which the number, amount, and destination of the check are usually recorded.
Stub	A pen with a short, blunt nib.
Stub	A stub nail; an old horseshoe nail; also, stub iron.
Stubbed	of Stub
Stubbing	of Stub
Stub	To grub up by the roots; to extirpate; as, to stub up edible roots.
Stub	To remove stubs from; as, to stub land.
Stub	To strike as the toes, against a stub, stone, or other fixed object.
Stubbed	Reduced to a stub; short and thick, like something truncated; blunt; obtuse.
Stubbed	Abounding in stubs; stubby.
Stubbed	Not nice or delicate; hardy; rugged.
Stubbedness	The quality or state of being stubbed.
Stubbiness	The state of being stubby.
Stubble	The stumps of wheat, rye, barley, oats, or buckwheat, left in the ground; the part of the stalk left by the scythe or sickle.
Stubbled	Covered with stubble.
Stubbled	Stubbed; as, stubbled legs.
Stubbly	Covered with stubble; stubbled.
Stubborn	Firm as a stub or stump; stiff; unbending; unyielding; persistent; hence, unreasonably obstinate in will or opinion; not yielding to reason or persuasion; refractory; harsh; -- said of persons and things; as, stubborn wills; stubborn ore; a stubborn oak; as stubborn as a mule.
Stubby	Abounding with stubs.
Stubby	Short and thick; short and strong, as bristles.
Stuccoes	of Stucco
Stuccos	of Stucco
Stucco	Plaster of any kind used as a coating for walls, especially, a fine plaster, composed of lime or gypsum with sand and pounded marble, used for internal decorations and fine work.
Stucco	Work made of stucco; stuccowork.
Stuccoed	of Stucco
Stuccoing	of Stucco
Stucco	To overlay or decorate with stucco, or fine plaster.
Stuccoer	One who stuccoes.
Stuccowork	Work done in stucco.
Stuck	imp. & p. p. of Stick.
Stuck	A thrust.
Stuckle	A number of sheaves set together in the field; a stook.
Stuck-up	Self-important and supercilious, /onceited; vain; arrogant.
Stud	A collection of breeding horses and mares, or the place where they are kept; also, a number of horses kept for a racing, riding, etc.
Stud	A stem; a trunk.
Stud	An upright scanting, esp. one of the small uprights in the framing for lath and plaster partitions, and furring, and upon which the laths are nailed.
Stud	A kind of nail with a large head, used chiefly for ornament; an ornamental knob; a boss.
Stud	An ornamental button of various forms, worn in a shirt front, collar, wristband, or the like, not sewed in place, but inserted through a buttonhole or eyelet, and transferable.
Stud	A short rod or pin, fixed in and projecting from something, and sometimes forming a journal.
Stud	A stud bolt.
Stud	An iron brace across the shorter diameter of the link of a chain cable.
Studded	of Stud
Studding	of Stud
Stud	To adorn with shining studs, or knobs.
Stud	To set with detached ornaments or prominent objects; to set thickly, as with studs.
Studbook	A genealogical register of a particular breed or stud of horses, esp. thoroughbreds.
Studdery	A stud, or collection of breeding horses and mares; also, a place for keeping a stud.
Studding	Material for studs, or joists; studs, or joists, collectively; studs.
Studding sail	A light sail set at the side of a principal or square sail of a vessel in free winds, to increase her speed. Its head is bent to a small spar which is called the studding-sail boom. See Illust. of Sail.
Student	A person engaged in study; one who is devoted to learning; a learner; a pupil; a scholar; especially, one who attends a school, or who seeks knowledge from professional teachers or from books; as, the students of an academy, a college, or a university; a medical student; a hard student.
Student	One who studies or examines in any manner; an attentive and systematic observer; as, a student of human nature, or of physical nature.
Studentry	A body of students.
Studentship	The state of being a student.
Studfish	Any one of several species of small American minnows of the genus Fundulus, as F. catenatus.
Stud-horse	A stallion, esp. one kept for breeding.
Studied	Closely examined; read with diligence and attention; made the subject of study; well considered; as, a studied lesson.
Studied	Well versed in any branch of learning; qualified by study; learned; as, a man well studied in geometry.
Studied	Premeditated; planned; designed; as, a studied insult.
Studied	Intent; inclined.
Studiedly	In a studied manner.
Studier	A student.
Studios	of Studio
Studio	The working room of an artist.
Studious	Given to study; devoted to the acquisition of knowledge from books; as, a studious scholar.
Studious	Given to thought, or to the examination of subjects by contemplation; contemplative.
Studious	Earnest in endeavors; aiming sedulously; attentive; observant; diligent; -- usually followed by an infinitive or by of; as, be studious to please; studious to find new friends and allies.
Studious	Planned with study; deliberate; studied.
Studious	Favorable to study; suitable for thought and contemplation; as, the studious shade.
Studies	of Study
Study	A setting of the mind or thoughts upon a subject; hence, application of mind to books, arts, or science, or to any subject, for the purpose of acquiring knowledge.
Study	Mental occupation; absorbed or thoughtful attention; meditation; contemplation.
Study	Any particular branch of learning that is studied; any object of attentive consideration.
Study	A building or apartment devoted to study or to literary work.
Study	A representation or rendering of any object or scene intended, not for exhibition as an original work of art, but for the information, instruction, or assistance of the maker; as, a study of heads or of hands for a figure picture.
Study	A piece for special practice. See Etude.
Studied	of Study
Studying	of Study
Study	To fix the mind closely upon a subject; to dwell upon anything in thought; to muse; to ponder.
Study	To apply the mind to books or learning.
Study	To endeavor diligently; to be zealous.
Study	To apply the mind to; to read and examine for the purpose of learning and understanding; as, to study law or theology; to study languages.
Study	To consider attentively; to examine closely; as, to study the work of nature.
Study	To form or arrange by previous thought; to con over, as in committing to memory; as, to study a speech.
Study	To make an object of study; to aim at sedulously; to devote one's thoughts to; as, to study the welfare of others; to study variety in composition.
Stufa	A jet of steam issuing from a fissure in the earth.
Stuff	Material which is to be worked up in any process of manufacture.
Stuff	The fundamental material of which anything is made up; elemental part; essence.
Stuff	Woven material not made into garments; fabric of any kind; specifically, any one of various fabrics of wool or worsted; sometimes, worsted fiber.
Stuff	Furniture; goods; domestic vessels or utensils.
Stuff	A medicine or mixture; a potion.
Stuff	Refuse or worthless matter; hence, also, foolish or irrational language; nonsense; trash.
Stuff	A melted mass of turpentine, tallow, etc., with which the masts, sides, and bottom of a ship are smeared for lubrication.
Stuff	Paper stock ground ready for use.
Stuffed	of Stuff
Stuffing	of Stuff
Stuff	To fill by crowding something into; to cram with something; to load to excess; as, to stuff a bedtick.
Stuff	To thrust or crowd; to press; to pack.
Stuff	To fill by being pressed or packed into.
Stuff	To fill with a seasoning composition of bread, meat, condiments, etc.; as, to stuff a turkey.
Stuff	To obstruct, as any of the organs; to affect with some obstruction in the organs of sense or respiration.
Stuff	To fill the skin of, for the purpose of preserving as a specimen; -- said of birds or other animals.
Stuff	To form or fashion by packing with the necessary material.
Stuff	To crowd with facts; to cram the mind of; sometimes, to crowd or fill with false or idle tales or fancies.
Stuff	To put fraudulent votes into (a ballot box).
Stuff	To feed gluttonously; to cram.
Stuffer	One who, or that which, stuffs.
Stuffiness	The quality of being stuffy.
Stuffing	That which is used for filling anything; as, the stuffing of a saddle or cushion.
Stuffing	Any seasoning preparation used to stuff meat; especially, a composition of bread, condiments, spices, etc.; forcemeat; dressing.
Stuffing	A mixture of oil and tallow used in softening and dressing leather.
Stuffy	Stout; mettlesome; resolute.
Stuffy	Angry and obstinate; sulky.
Stuffy	Ill-ventilated; close.
Stuke	Stucco.
Stull	A framework of timber covered with boards to support rubbish; also, a framework of boards to protect miners from falling stones.
Stulm	A shaft or gallery to drain a mine.
Stulp	A short, stout post used for any purpose, a to mark a boundary.
Stultification	The act of stultifying, or the state of being stultified.
Stultifier	One who stultifies.
Stultified	of Stultify
Stultifying	of Stultify
Stultify	To make foolish; to make a fool of; as, to stultify one by imposition; to stultify one's self by silly reasoning or conduct.
Stultify	To regard as a fool, or as foolish.
Stultify	To allege or prove to be of unsound mind, so that the performance of some act may be avoided.
Stultiloquence	Silly talk; babbling.
Stultiloquent	Given to, or characterized by, silly talk; babbling.
Stultiloquy	Foolish talk; silly discource; babbling.
Stulty	Foolish; silly.
Stum	Unfermented grape juice or wine, often used to raise fermentation in dead or vapid wines; must.
Stum	Wine revived by new fermentation, reulting from the admixture of must.
Stummed	of Stum
Stumming	of Stum
Stum	To renew, as wine, by mixing must with it and raising a new fermentation.
Stumbled	of Stumble
Stumbling	of Stumble
Stumble	To trip in walking or in moving in any way with the legs; to strike the foot so as to fall, or to endanger a fall; to stagger because of a false step.
Stumble	To walk in an unsteady or clumsy manner.
Stumble	To fall into a crime or an error; to err.
Stumble	To strike or happen (upon a person or thing) without design; to fall or light by chance; -- with on, upon, or against.
Stumble	To cause to stumble or trip.
Stumble	Fig.: To mislead; to confound; to perplex; to cause to err or to fall.
Stumble	A trip in walking or running.
Stumble	A blunder; a failure; a fall from rectitude.
Stumbler	One who stumbles.
Stumbling-block	Any cause of stumbling, perplexity, or error.
Stumblingly	In a stumbling manner.
Stumbling-stone	A stumbling-block.
Stump	The part of a tree or plant remaining in the earth after the stem or trunk is cut off; the stub.
Stump	The part of a limb or other body remaining after a part is amputated or destroyed; a fixed or rooted remnant; a stub; as, the stump of a leg, a finger, a tooth, or a broom.
Stump	The legs; as, to stir one's stumps.
Stump	One of the three pointed rods stuck in the ground to form a wicket and support the bails.
Stump	A short, thick roll of leather or paper, cut to a point, or any similar implement, used to rub down the lines of a crayon or pencil drawing, in shading it, or for shading drawings by producing tints and gradations from crayon, etc., in powder.
Stump	A pin in a tumbler lock which forms an obstruction to throwing the bolt, except when the gates of the tumblers are properly arranged, as by the key; a fence; also, a pin or projection in a lock to form a guide for a movable piece.
Stumped	of Stump
Stumping	of Stump
Stump	To cut off a part of; to reduce to a stump; to lop.
Stump	To strike, as the toes, against a stone or something fixed; to stub.
Stump	To challenge; also, to nonplus.
Stump	To travel over, delivering speeches for electioneering purposes; as, to stump a State, or a district. See To go on the stump, under Stump, n.
Stump	To put (a batsman) out of play by knocking off the bail, or knocking down the stumps of the wicket he is defending while he is off his allotted ground; -- sometimes with out.
Stump	To bowl down the stumps of, as, of a wicket.
Stump	To walk clumsily, as if on stumps.
Stumpage	Timber in standing trees, -- often sold without the land at a fixed price per tree or per stump, the stumps being counted when the land is cleared.
Stumpage	A tax on the amount of timber cut, regulated by the price of lumber.
Stumper	One who stumps.
Stumper	A boastful person.
Stumper	A puzzling or incredible story.
Stumpiness	The state of being stumpy.
Stump-tailed	Having a short, thick tail.
Stumpy	Full of stumps; hard; strong.
Stumpy	Short and thick; stubby.
Stunned	of Stun
Stunning	of Stun
Stun	To make senseless or dizzy by violence; to render senseless by a blow, as on the head.
Stun	To dull or deaden the sensibility of; to overcome; especially, to overpower one's sense of hearing.
Stun	To astonish; to overpower; to bewilder.
Stun	The condition of being stunned.
Stung	imp. & p. p. of Sting.
Stunk	imp. & p. p. of Stink.
Stunner	One who, or that which, stuns.
Stunner	Something striking or amazing in quality; something of extraordinary excellence.
Stunning	Overpowering consciousness; overpowering the senses; especially, overpowering the sense of hearing; confounding with noise.
Stunning	Striking or overpowering with astonishment, especially on account of excellence; as, stunning poetry.
Stunsail	A contraction of Studding sail.
Stunted	of Stunt
Stunting	of Stunt
Stunt	To hinder from growing to the natural size; to prevent the growth of; to stint, to dwarf; as, to stunt a child; to stunt a plant.
Stunt	A check in growth; also, that which has been checked in growth; a stunted animal or thing.
Stunt	Specifically: A whale two years old, which, having been weaned, is lean, and yields but little blubber.
Stunted	Dwarfed.
Stuntness	Stuntedness; brevity.
Stupa	A mound or monument commemorative of Buddha.
Stupa	See 1st Stupe.
Stupe	Cloth or flax dipped in warm water or medicaments and applied to a hurt or sore.
Stuped	of Stupe
Stuping	of Stupe
Stupe	To foment with a stupe.
Stupe	A stupid person.
Stupefacient	Producing stupefaction; stupefactive.
Stupefacient	Anything promoting stupefaction; a narcotic.
Stupefaction	The act of stupefying, or the state of being stupefied.
Stupefactive	Same as Stupefacient.
Stupefied	Having been made stupid.
Stupefiedness	Quality of being stupid.
Stupefier	One who, or that which, stupefies; a stupefying agent.
Stupefied	of Stupefy
Stupefying	of Stupefy
Stupefy	To make stupid; to make dull; to blunt the faculty of perception or understanding in; to deprive of sensibility; to make torpid.
Stupefy	To deprive of material mobility.
Stupendous	Astonishing; wonderful; amazing; especially, astonishing in magnitude or elevation; as, a stupendous pile.
Stupeous	Resembling tow; having long, loose scales, or matted filaments, like tow; stupose.
Stupid	Very dull; insensible; senseless; wanting in understanding; heavy; sluggish; in a state of stupor; -- said of persons.
Stupid	Resulting from, or evincing, stupidity; formed without skill or genius; dull; heavy; -- said of things.
Stupidity	The quality or state of being stupid; extreme dullness of perception or understanding; insensibility; sluggishness.
Stupidity	Stupor; astonishment; stupefaction.
Stupify	See Stupefy.
Stupor	Great diminution or suspension of sensibility; suppression of sense or feeling; lethargy.
Stupor	Intellectual insensibility; moral stupidity; heedlessness or inattention to one's interests.
Stupose	Composed of, or having, tufted or matted filaments like tow; stupeous.
Stuprate	To ravish; to debauch.
Stupration	Violation of chastity by force; rape.
Stuprum	Stupration.
Sturb	To disturb.
Sturdily	In a sturdy manner.
Sturdiness	Quality of being sturdy.
Sturdy	Foolishly obstinate or resolute; stubborn; unrelenting; unfeeling; stern.
Sturdy	Resolute, in a good sense; or firm, unyielding quality; as, a man of sturdy piety or patriotism.
Sturdy	Characterized by physical strength or force; strong; lusty; violent; as, a sturdy lout.
Sturdy	Stiff; stout; strong; as, a sturdy oak.
Sturdy	A disease in sheep and cattle, marked by great nervousness, or by dullness and stupor.
Sturgeon	Any one of numerous species of large cartilaginous ganoid fishes belonging to Acipenser and allied genera of the family Acipenseridae. They run up rivers to spawn, and are common on the coasts and in the large rivers and lakes of North America, Europe, and Asia. Caviare is prepared from the roe, and isinglass from the air bladder.
Sturiones	An order of fishes including the sturgeons.
Sturionian	One of the family of fishes of which the sturgeon is the type.
Sturk	See Stirk.
Sturnoid	Like or pertaining to the starlings.
Sturt	To vex; to annoy; to startle.
Sturt	Disturbance; annoyance; care.
Sturt	A bargain in tribute mining by which the tributor profits.
Sturtion	A corruption of Nasturtion.
Stut	To stutter.
Stuttered	of Stutter
Stuttering	of Stutter
Stutter	To hesitate or stumble in uttering words; to speak with spasmodic repetition or pauses; to stammer.
Stutter	The act of stuttering; a stammer. See Stammer, and Stuttering.
Stutter	One who stutters; a stammerer.
Stutterer	One who stutters; a stammerer.
Stuttering	The act of one who stutters; -- restricted by some physiologists to defective speech due to inability to form the proper sounds, the breathing being normal, as distinguished from stammering.
Stuttering	Apt to stutter; hesitating; stammering.
Sties	of Sty
Sty	A pen or inclosure for swine.
Sty	A place of bestial debauchery.
Stied	of Sty
Stying	of Sty
Sty	To shut up in, or as in, a sty.
Sty	To soar; to ascend; to mount. See Stirrup.
Sty	An inflamed swelling or boil on the edge of the eyelid.
Styan	See Sty, a boil.
Styca	An anglo-Saxon copper coin of the lowest value, being worth half a farthing.
Stycerin	A triacid alcohol, related to glycerin, and obtained from certain styryl derivatives as a yellow, gummy, amorphous substance; -- called also phenyl glycerin.
Stye	See Sty, a boil.
Stygial	Stygian.
Stygian	Of or pertaining to the river Styx; hence, hellish; infernal. See Styx.
Stylagalmaic	Performing the office of columns; as, Atlantes and Caryatides are stylagalmaic figures or images.
Stylar	See Stilar.
Stylaster	Any one of numerous species of delicate, usually pink, calcareous hydroid corals of the genus Stylaster.
Style	An instrument used by the ancients in writing on tablets covered with wax, having one of its ends sharp, and the other blunt, and somewhat expanded, for the purpose of making erasures by smoothing the wax.
Style	Hence, anything resembling the ancient style in shape or use.
Style	A pen; an author's pen.
Style	A sharp-pointed tool used in engraving; a graver.
Style	A kind of blunt-pointed surgical instrument.
Style	A long, slender, bristlelike process, as the anal styles of insects.
Style	The pin, or gnomon, of a dial, the shadow of which indicates the hour. See Gnomon.
Style	The elongated part of a pistil between the ovary and the stigma. See Illust. of Stamen, and of Pistil.
Style	Mode of expressing thought in language, whether oral or written; especially, such use of language in the expression of thought as exhibits the spirit and faculty of an artist; choice or arrangement of words in discourse; rhetorical expression.
Style	Mode of presentation, especially in music or any of the fine arts; a characteristic of peculiar mode of developing in idea or accomplishing a result.
Style	Conformity to a recognized standard; manner which is deemed elegant and appropriate, especially in social demeanor; fashion.
Style	Mode or phrase by which anything is formally designated; the title; the official designation of any important body; mode of address; as, the style of Majesty.
Style	A mode of reckoning time, with regard to the Julian and Gregorian calendars.
Styled	of Style
Styling	of Style
Style	To entitle; to term, name, or call; to denominate.
Stylet	A small poniard; a stiletto.
Stylet	An instrument for examining wounds and fistulas, and for passing setons, and the like; a probe, -- called also specillum.
Stylet	A stiff wire, inserted in catheters or other tubular instruments to maintain their shape and prevent clogging.
Stylet	Any small, more or less rigid, bristlelike organ; as, the caudal stylets of certain insects; the ventral stylets of certain Infusoria.
Styliferous	Bearing one or more styles.
Styliform	Having the form of, or resembling, a style, pin, or pen; styloid.
Stylish	Having style or artistic quality; given to, or fond of, the display of style; highly fashionable; modish; as, a stylish dress, house, manner.
Stylist	One who is a master or a model of style, especially in writing or speaking; a critic of style.
Stylistic	Of or pertaining to style in language.
Stylite	One of a sect of anchorites in the early church, who lived on the tops of pillars for the exercise of their patience; -- called also pillarist and pillar saint.
Stylo-	A combining form used in anatomy to indicate connection with, or relation to, the styloid process of the temporal bone; as, stylohyal, stylomastoid, stylomaxillary.
Stylobate	The uninterrupted and continuous flat band, coping, or pavement upon which the bases of a row of columns are supported. See Sub-base.
Styloglossal	Of or pertaining to styloid process and the tongue.
Stylograph	A stylographic pen.
Stylographic	Of or pertaining to stylography; used in stylography; as, stylographic tablets.
Stylographic	Pertaining to, or used in, stylographic pen; as, stylographic ink.
Stylographical	Same as Stylographic, 1.
Stylography	A mode of writing or tracing lines by means of a style on cards or tablets.
Stylohyal	A segment in the hyoidean arch between the epihyal and tympanohyal.
Stylohyoid	Of or pertaining to the styloid process and the hyoid bone.
Styloid	Styliform; as, the styloid process.
Styloid	Of or pertaining to the styloid process.
Stylomastoid	Of or pertaining to the styloid and mastoid processes of the temporal bone.
Stylomaxillary	Of or pertaining to the styloid process and the maxilla.
Stylometer	An instrument for measuring columns.
Stylommata	Same as Stylommatophora.
Stylommatophora	A division of Pulmonata in which the eyes are situated at the tips of the tentacles. It includes the common land snails and slugs. See Illust. under Snail.
Stylommatophorous	Of or pertaining to Stylommatophora.
Stylopodia	of Stylopodium
Stylopodium	An expansion at the base of the style, as in umbelliferous plants.
Stylops	A genus of minute insects parasitic, in their larval state, on bees and wasps. It is the typical genus of the group Strepsiptera, formerly considered a distinct order, but now generally referred to the Coleoptera. See Strepsiptera.
Stylus	An instrument for writing. See Style, n., 1.
Stylus	That needle-shaped part at the tip of the playing arm of phonograph which sits in the groove of a phonograph record while it is turning, to detect the undulations in the phonograph groove and convert them into vibrations which are transmitted to a system (since 1920 electronic) which converts the signal into sound; also called needle.  The stylus is frequently composed of metal or diamond.
Stylus	The needle-like device used to cut the grooves which record the sound on the original disc during recording of a phonograph record.
Stylus	A pen-shaped pointing device used to specify the cursor position on a graphics tablet.
Styphnate	A salt of styphnic acid.
Styphnic	Pertaining to, or designating, a yellow crystalline astringent acid, (NO2)3.C6H.(OH)2, obtained by the action of nitric acid on resorcin. Styphnic acid resembles picric acid, but is not bitter. It acts like a strong dibasic acid, having a series of well defined salts.
Styptic	Producing contraction; stopping bleeding; having the quality of restraining hemorrhage when applied to the bleeding part; astringent.
Styptic	A styptic medicine.
Styptical	Styptic; astringent.
Stypticity	The quality or state of being styptic; astringency.
Styracin	A white crystalline tasteless substance extracted from gum storax, and consisting of a salt of cinnamic acid with cinnamic alcohol.
Styrax	A genus of shrubs and trees, mostly American or Asiatic, abounding in resinous and aromatic substances. Styrax officinalis yields storax, and S. Benzoin yields benzoin.
Styrax	Same as Storax.
Styrol	See Styrolene.
Styrolene	An unsaturated hydrocarbon, C8H8, obtained by the distillation of storax, by the decomposition of cinnamic acid, and by the condensation of acetylene, as a fragrant, aromatic, mobile liquid; -- called also phenyl ethylene, vinyl benzene, styrol, styrene, and cinnamene.
Styrone	A white crystalline substance having a sweet taste and a hyacinthlike odor, obtained by the decomposition of styracin; -- properly called cinnamic, / styryl, alcohol.
Styryl	A hypothetical radical found in certain derivatives of styrolene and cinnamic acid; -- called also cinnyl, or cinnamyl.
Stythe	Choke damp.
Stythy	See Stithy.
Styx	The principal river of the lower world, which had to be crossed in passing to the regions of the dead.
Suability	Liability to be sued; the state of being subjected by law to civil process.
Suable	Capable of being sued; subject by law to be called to answer in court.
Suade	To persuade.
Suadible	Suasible.
Suage	To assuage.
Suant	Spread equally over the surface; uniform; even.
Suasible	Capable of being persuaded; easily persuaded.
Suasion	The act of persuading; persuasion; as, moral suasion.
Suasive	Having power to persuade; persuasive; suasory.
Suasory	Tending to persuade; suasive.
Suave	Sweet; pleasant; delightful; gracious or agreeable in manner; bland.
Suavified	of Suavify
Suavifying	of Suavify
Suavify	To make affable or suave.
Suaviloquent	Sweetly speaking; using agreeable speech.
Suaviloquy	Sweetness of speech.
Suavity	Sweetness to the taste.
Suavity	The quality of being sweet or pleasing to the mind; agreeableness; softness; pleasantness; gentleness; urbanity; as, suavity of manners; suavity of language, conversation, or address.
Sub-	A prefix signifying under, below, beneath, and hence often, in an inferior position or degree, in an imperfect or partial state, as in subscribe, substruct, subserve, subject, subordinate, subacid, subastringent, subgranular, suborn. Sub- in Latin compounds often becomes sum- before m, sur before r, and regularly becomes suc-, suf-, sug-, and sup- before c, f, g, and p respectively. Before c, p, and t it sometimes takes form sus- (by the dropping of b from a collateral form, subs-).
Sub-	A prefix denoting that the ingredient (of a compound) signified by the term to which it is prefixed,is present in only a small proportion, or less than the normal amount; as, subsulphide, suboxide, etc.  Prefixed to the name of a salt it is equivalent to basic; as, subacetate or basic acetate.
Sub	A subordinate; a subaltern.
Subacid	Moderately acid or sour; as, some plants have subacid juices.
Subacid	A substance moderately acid.
Subacrid	Moderalely acrid or harsh.
Subacromial	Situated beneath the acromial process of the scapula.
Subact	To reduce; to subdue.
Subaction	The act of reducing to any state, as of mixing two bodies combletely.
Subacute	Moderalely acute.
Subaduncate	Somewhat hooked or curved.
Subadvocate	An under or subordinate advocate.
Subaerial	Beneath the sky; in the open air; specifically (Geol.), taking place on the earth's surface, as opposed to subaqueous.
Subagency	A subordinate agency.
Subagent	A person employed by an agent to transact the whole, or a part, of the business intrusted to the latter.
Subagitation	Unlawful sexual intercourse.
Subash	A province; a government, as of a viceroy; also, a subahdar.
Subashdar	A viceroy; a governor of a subah; also, a native captain in the British native army.
Subashdary	Alt. of Subashship
Subashship	The office or jurisdiction of a subahdar.
Subaid	To aid secretly; to assist in a private manner, or indirectly.
Subalmoner	An under almoner.
Subalpine	Inhabiting the somewhat high slopes and summits of mountains, but considerably below the snow line.
Subaltern	Ranked or ranged below; subordinate; inferior; specifically (Mil.), ranking as a junior officer; being below the rank of captain; as, a subaltern officer.
Subaltern	Asserting only a part of what is asserted in a related proposition.
Subaltern	A person holding a subordinate position; specifically, a commissioned military officer below the rank of captain.
Subaltern	A subaltern proposition.
Subalternant	A universal proposition. See Subaltern, 2.
Subalternate	Succeeding by turns; successive.
Subalternate	Subordinate; subaltern; inferior.
Subalternate	A particular proposition, as opposed to a universal one. See Subaltern, 2.
Subalternating	Subalternate; successive.
Subalternation	The state of being subalternate; succession of turns; subordination.
Subangular	Slightly angular.
Subapennine	Under, or at the foot of, the Apennine mountains; -- applied, in geology, to a series of Tertiary strata of the older Pliocene period.
Subapical	Being under the apex; of or pertaining to the part just below the apex.
Subaquaneous	Subaqueous.
Subaquatic	Alt. of Subaqueous
Subaqueous	Being under water, or beneath the surface of water; adapted for use under water; submarine; as, a subaqueous helmet.
Subaqueous	Formed in or under water; as, subaqueous deposits.
Subarachnoid	Alt. of Subarachnoidal
Subarachnoidal	Situated under the arachnoid membrane.
Subarctic	Approximately arctic; belonging to a region just without the arctic circle.
Subarcuate	Alt. of Subarcuated
Subarcuated	Having a figure resembling that of a bow; somewhat curved or arched.
Subarration	The ancient custom of betrothing by the bestowal, on the part of the man, of marriage gifts or tokens, as money, rings, or other presents, upon the woman.
Subarytenoid	Situated under the arytenoid cartilage of the larynx.
Subastral	Beneath the stars or heavens; terrestrial.
Subastringent	Somewhat astringent.
Subatom	A hypothetical component of a chemical atom, on the theory that the elements themselves are complex substances; -- called also atomicule.
Subaud	To understand or supply in an ellipsis.
Subaudition	The act of understanding, or supplying, something not expressed; also, that which is so understood or supplied.
Subaxillary	Situated under the axilla, or armpit.
Subaxillary	Placed under the axil, or angle formed by the branch of a plant with the stem, or a leaf with the branch.
Subbasal	Near the base.
Sub-base	The lowest member of a base when divided horizontally, or of a baseboard, pedestal, or the like.
Sub-bass	The deepest pedal stop, or the lowest tones of an organ; the fundamental or ground bass.
Subbeadle	An under beadle.
Subbrachial	Of or pertaining to the subbrachians.
Subbrachiales	A division of soft-finned fishes in which the ventral fins are situated beneath the pectorial fins, or nearly so.
Subbrachian	One of the Subbrachiales.
Subbreed	A race or strain differing in certain characters from the parent breed; an incipient breed.
Subbronchial	Situated under, or on the ventral side of, the bronchi; as, the subbronchial air sacs of birds.
Subcaliber	Smaller than the caliber of a firearm.
Subcarboniferous	Of or pertaining to the lowest division of the Carboniferous formations underlying the proper coal measures. It was a marine formation characterized in general by beds of limestone.
Subcarboniferous	The Subcarboniferous period or formation.
Subcarbureted	United with, or containing, carbon in less than the normal proportion.
Subcartilaginous	Situated under or beneath a cartilage or cartilages.
Subcartilaginous	Partially cartilaginous.
Subcaudal	Situated under, or on the ventral side of, the tail; as, the subcaudal, or chevron, bones.
Subcelestial	Being beneath the heavens; as, subcelestial glories.
Subcentral	Under the center.
Subcentral	Nearly central; not quite central.
Subchanter	An underchanter; a precentor's deputy in a cathedral; a succentor.
Subcircular	Nearly circular.
Subclass	One of the natural groups, more important than an order, into which some classes are divided; as, the angiospermous subclass of exogens.
Subclavian	Situated under the clavicle, or collar bone; as, the subclavian arteries.
Subcolumnar	Having an imperfect or interrupted columnar structure.
Subcommittee	An under committee; a part or division of a committee.
Subcompressed	Not fully compressed; partially or somewhat compressed.
Subconcave	Slightly concave.
Subconformable	Partially conformable.
Subconical	Slightly conical.
Subconjunctival	Situated under the conjunctiva.
Subconscious	Occurring without the possibility or the fact of an attendant consciousness; -- said of states of the soul.
Subconscious	Partially conscious; feebly conscious.
Subconstellation	A subordinate constellation.
Subcontract	A contract under, or subordinate to, a previous contract.
Subcontracted	Contracted after a former contract.
Subcontracted	Betrothed for the second time.
Subcontractor	One who takes a portion of a contract, as for work, from the principal contractor.
Subcontrary	Contrary in an inferior degree.
Subcontrary	Having, or being in, a contrary order; -- said of a section of an oblique cone having a circular base made by a plane not parallel to the base, but so inclined to the axis that the section is a circle; applied also to two similar triangles when so placed as to have a common angle at the vertex, the opposite sides not being parallel.
Subcontrary	Denoting the relation of opposition between the particular affirmative and particular negative. Of these both may be true and only one can be false.
Subcontraries	of Subcontrary
Subcontrary	A subcontrary proposition; a proposition inferior or contrary in a lower degree.
Subcoracoid	Situated under the coracoid process of the scapula; as, the subcoracoid dislocation of the humerus.
Subcordate	Somewhat cordate; somewhat like a heart in shape.
Subcorneous	Situated under a horny part or layer.
Subcorneous	Partially horny.
Subcostal	Situated below the costas, or ribs; as, the subcostal muscles.
Subcostal	A subcostal muscle.
Subcostal	One of the principal nervures of the wings of an insect. It is situated next beneath or behind the costal. See Nervure.
Subcranial	Situated under, or on the ventral side of, the cranium; facial.
Subcrustaceous	Occurring beneath a crust or scab; as, a subcrustaceous cicatrization.
Subcrystalline	Imperfectly crystallized.
Subcultrate	Alt. of Subcultrated
Subcultrated	Having a form resembling that of a colter, or straight on one side and curved on the other.
Subcutaneous	Situated under the skin; hypodermic.
Subcuticular	Situated under the cuticle, or scarfskin.
Subcylindrical	Alt. of Subcylindric
Subcylindric	Imperfectly cylindrical; approximately cylindrical.
Subdeacon	One belonging to an order in the Roman Catholic Church, next interior to the order of deacons; also, a member of a minor order in the Greek Church.
Subdeaconry	Alt. of Subdeaconship
Subdeaconship	The order or office of subdeacon.
Subdean	An under dean; the deputy or substitute of a dean.
Subdeanery	Office or rank of subdean.
Subdecanal	Of or pertaining to a subdean or subdeanery.
Subdecuple	Containing one part of ten.
Subdelegate	A subordinate delegate, or one with inferior powers.
Subdelegate	To appoint to act as subdelegate, or as a subordinate; to depete.
Subdented	Indented beneath.
Subdepartment	A subordinate department; a bureau. See the Note under Bureau.
Subdeposit	That which is deposited beneath something else.
Subderisorious	Ridiculing with moderation.
Subderivative	A word derived from a derivative, and not directly from the root; as, "friendliness" is a subderivative, being derived from "friendly", which is in turn a derivative from "friend."
Subdiaconate	Of or pertaining to a subdeacon, or to the office or rank of a subdeacon.
Subdiaconate	The office or rank of a subdeacon.
Subdial	Of or pertaining to the open air; being under the open sky.
Subdialect	A subordinate dialect.
Subdichotomy	A subordinate, or inferior, division into parts; a subdivision.
Subdilated	Partially dilated.
Subdititious	Put secretly in the place of something else; foisted in.
Subdiversify	To diversify aggain what is already diversified.
Subdivided	of Subdivide
Subdividing	of Subdivide
Subdivide	To divide the parts of (anything) into more parts; to part into smaller divisions; to divide again, as what has already been divided.
Subdivide	To be, or to become, subdivided.
Subdivine	Partaking of divinity; divine in a partial or lower degree.
Subdivisible	Susceptible of subdivision.
Subdivision	The act of subdividing, or separating a part into smaller parts.
Subdivision	A part of a thing made by subdividing.
Subdolous	Sly; crafty; cunning; artful.
Subdominant	The fourth tone above, or fifth below, the tonic; -- so called as being under the dominant.
Subduable	Able to be subdued.
Subdual	Act of subduing.
Subduce	Alt. of Subduct
Subduct	To withdraw; to take away.
Subduct	To subtract by arithmetical operation; to deduct.
Subduction	The act of subducting or taking away.
Subduction	Arithmetical subtraction.
Subdued	of Subdue
Subduing	of Subdue
Subdue	To bring under; to conquer by force or the exertion of superior power, and bring into permanent subjection; to reduce under dominion; to vanquish.
Subdue	To overpower so as to disable from further resistance; to crush.
Subdue	To destroy the force of; to overcome; as, medicines subdue a fever.
Subdue	To render submissive; to bring under command; to reduce to mildness or obedience; to tame; as, to subdue a stubborn child; to subdue the temper or passions.
Subdue	To overcome, as by persuasion or other mild means; as, to subdue opposition by argument or entreaties.
Subdue	To reduce to tenderness; to melt; to soften; as, to subdue ferocity by tears.
Subdue	To make mellow; to break, as land; also, to destroy, as weeds.
Subdue	To reduce the intensity or degree of; to tone down; to soften; as, to subdue the brilliancy of colors.
Subdued	Conquered; overpowered; crushed; submissive; mild.
Subdued	Not glaring in color; soft in tone.
Subduement	Subdual.
Subduer	One who, or that which, subdues; a conqueror.
Subdulcid	Somewhat sweet; sweetish.
Subduple	Indicating one part of two; in the ratio of one to two.
Subduplicate	Expressed by the square root; -- said of ratios.
Subdural	Situated under the dura mater, or between the dura mater and the arachnoid membrane.
Subeditor	An assistant editor, as of a periodical or journal.
Subelongate	Not fully elongated; somewhat elongated.
Subendocardial	Situated under the endocardium.
Subendymal	Situated under the endyma.
Subepidermal	Situated immediately below the epidermis.
Subepiglottic	Situated under the epiglottis.
Subepithelial	Situated under the epithelium.
Subequal	Nearly equal.
Suberate	A salt of suberic acid.
Subereous	Of or pertaining to cork; of the nature of cork; suberose.
Suberic	Of or pertaining to cork; specifically, designating an acid, C6H12.(CO2H)2, homologous with oxalic acid, and obtained from cork and certain fatty oils, as a white crystalline substance.
Suberin	A material found in the cell walls of cork. It is a modification of lignin.
Suberite	Any sponge of the genus Suberites and allied genera. These sponges have a fine and compact texture, and contain minute siliceous spicules.
Suberone	The hypothetical ketone of suberic acid.
Suberone	A colorless liquid, analogous suberone proper, having a pleasant peppermint odor. It is obtained by the distillation of calcium suberate.
Suberose	Alt. of Suberous
Suberous	Having a corky texture.
Subesophageal	Situated beneath the esophagus.
Subfamily	One of the subdivisions, of more importance than genus, into which certain families are divided.
Subfibrous	Somewhat fibrous.
Subfuscous	Duskish; moderately dark; brownish; tawny.
Subfusk	Subfuscous.
Subgelatinous	Imperfectly or partially gelatinous.
Subgeneric	Of or pertaining to a subgenus.
Subgenera	of Subgenus
Subgenus	A subdivision of a genus, comprising one or more species which differ from other species of the genus in some important character or characters; as, the azaleas now constitute a subgenus of Rhododendron.
Subglacial	Pertaining or belonging to the under side of a glacier; being beneath a glacier; as, subglacial streams.
Subglobose	Not quite globose.
Subglobular	Nearly globular.
Subglossal	Situated under the tongue; sublingual.
Subglottic	Situated below the glottis; -- applied to that part of the cavity of the larynx below the true vocal cords.
Subglumaceous	Somewhat glumaceous.
Subgovernor	A subordinate or assistant governor.
Subgranular	Somewhat granular.
Subgroup	A subdivision of a group, as of animals.
Subhastation	A public sale or auction.
Subhepatic	Situated under, or on the ventral side of, the liver; -- applied to the interlobular branches of the portal vein.
Subhornblendic	Containing hornblende in a scattered state; of or relating to rocks containing disseminated hornblende.
Subhumerate	To place the shoulders under; to bear.
Subhyaloid	Situated under the hyaliod membrane.
Subhyoidean	Situated or performed beneath the hyoid bone; as, subhyoidean laryngotomy.
Subimago	A stage in the development of certain insects, such as the May flies, intermediate between the pupa and imago. In this stage, the insect is able to fly, but subsequently sheds a skin before becoming mature. Called also pseudimago.
Subincusation	A slight charge or accusation.
Subindices	of Subindex
Subindex	A number or mark placed opposite the lower part of a letter or symbol to distinguish the symbol; thus, a0, b1, c2, xn, have 0, 1, 2, and n as subindices.
Subindicate	To indicate by signs or hints; to indicate imperfectly.
Subindication	The act of indicating by signs; a slight indication.
Subindividual	A division of that which is individual.
Subinduce	To insinuate; to offer indirectly.
Subibfer	To infer from an inference already made.
Subinfeudation	The granting of lands by inferior lords to their dependents, to be held by themselves by feudal tenure.
Subinfeudation	Subordinate tenancy; undertenancy.
Subingression	Secret entrance.
Subintestinal	Situated under, or on the ventral side of, the intestine.
Subinvolution	Partial or incomplete involution; as, subinvolution of the uterus.
Subitaneous	Sudden; hasty.
Subitany	Subitaneous; sudden; hasty.
Subito	In haste; quickly; rapidly.
Subjacent	Lying under or below.
Subjacent	Being in a lower situation, though not directly beneath; as, hills and subjacent valleys.
Subject	Placed or situated under; lying below, or in a lower situation.
Subject	Placed under the power of another; specifically (International Law), owing allegiance to a particular sovereign or state; as, Jamaica is subject to Great Britain.
Subject	Exposed; liable; prone; disposed; as, a country subject to extreme heat; men subject to temptation.
Subject	Obedient; submissive.
Subject	That which is placed under the authority, dominion, control, or influence of something else.
Subject	Specifically: One who is under the authority of a ruler and is governed by his laws; one who owes allegiance to a sovereign or a sovereign state; as, a subject of Queen Victoria; a British subject; a subject of the United States.
Subject	That which is subjected, or submitted to, any physical operation or process; specifically (Anat.), a dead body used for the purpose of dissection.
Subject	That which is brought under thought or examination; that which is taken up for discussion, or concerning which anything is said or done.
Subject	The person who is treated of; the hero of a piece; the chief character.
Subject	That of which anything is affirmed or predicated; the theme of a proposition or discourse; that which is spoken of; as, the nominative case is the subject of the verb.
Subject	That in which any quality, attribute, or relation, whether spiritual or material, inheres, or to which any of these appertain; substance; substratum.
Subject	Hence, that substance or being which is conscious of its own operations; the mind; the thinking agent or principal; the ego.  Cf. Object, n., 2.
Subject	The principal theme, or leading thought or phrase, on which a composition or a movement is based.
Subject	The incident, scene, figure, group, etc., which it is the aim of the artist to represent.
Subjected	of Subject
Subjecting	of Subject
Subject	To bring under control, power, or dominion; to make subject; to subordinate; to subdue.
Subject	To expose; to make obnoxious or liable; as, credulity subjects a person to impositions.
Subject	To submit; to make accountable.
Subject	To make subservient.
Subject	To cause to undergo; as, to subject a substance to a white heat; to subject a person to a rigid test.
Subjected	Subjacent.
Subjected	Reduced to subjection; brought under the dominion of another.
Subjected	Exposed; liable; subject; obnoxious.
Subjection	The act of subjecting, or of bringing under the dominion of another; the act of subduing.
Subjection	The state of being subject, or under the power, control, and government of another; a state of obedience or submissiveness; as, the safety of life, liberty, and property depends on our subjection to the laws.
Subjectist	One skilled in subjective philosophy; a subjectivist.
Subjective	Of or pertaining to a subject.
Subjective	Especially, pertaining to, or derived from, one's own consciousness, in distinction from external observation; ralating to the mind, or intellectual world, in distinction from the outward or material excessively occupied with, or brooding over, one's own internal states.
Subjective	Modified by, or making prominent, the individuality of a writer or an artist; as, a subjective drama or painting; a subjective writer.
Subjectivism	Any philosophical doctrine which refers all knowledge to, and founds it upon, any subjective states; egoism.
Subjectivist	One who holds to subjectivism; an egoist.
Subjectivity	The quality or state of being subjective; character of the subject.
Subjectless	Having no subject.
Subject-matter	The matter or thought presented for consideration in some statement or discussion; that which is made the object of thought or study.
Subjectness	Quality of being subject.
Subjicible	Capable of being subjected.
Subjoined	of Subjoin
Subjoining	of Subjoin
Subjoin	To add after something else has been said or written; to ANNEX; as, to subjoin an argument or reason.
Subjoinder	An additional remark.
Sub judice	Before the judge, or court; not yet decided; under judicial consideration.
Subjugated	of Subjugate
Subjugating	of Subjugate
Subjugate	To subdue, and bring under the yoke of power or dominion; to conquer by force, and compel to submit to the government or absolute control of another; to vanquish.
Subjugation	The act of subjugating, or the state of being subjugated.
Subjugator	One who subjugates; a conqueror.
Subjunction	Act of subjoining, or state of being subjoined.
Subjunction	Something subjoined; as, a subjunction to a sentence.
Subjunctive	Subjoined or added to something before said or written.
Subjunctive	The subjunctive mood; also, a verb in the subjunctive mood.
Subkingdom	One of the several primary divisions of either the animal, or vegetable kingdom, as, in zoology, the Vertebrata, Tunicata, Mollusca, Articulata, Molluscoidea, Echinodermata, Coelentera, and the Protozoa; in botany, the Phanerogamia, and the Cryptogamia.
Sublapsarian	Same as Infralapsarian.
Sublapsarianism	Infralapsarianism.
Sublapsary	Sublapsarian.
Sublate	To take or carry away; to remove.
Sublation	The act of taking or carrying away; removal.
Sublative	Having power, or tending, to take away.
Sublease	A lease by a tenant or lessee to another person; an underlease.
Sublessee	A holder of a sublease.
Sublet	of Sublet
Subletting	of Sublet
Sublet	To underlet; to lease, as when a lessee leases to another person.
Sublevation	The act of raising on high; elevation.
Sublevation	An uprising; an insurrection.
Sublibrarian	An under or assistant librarian.
Sublieutenant	An inferior or second lieutenant; in the British service, a commissioned officer of the lowest rank.
Subligation	The act of binding underneath.
Sublimable	Capable of being sublimed or sublimated.
Sublimated	of Sublimate
Sublimating	of Sublimate
Sublimate	To bring by heat into the state of vapor, which, on cooling, returns again to the solid state; as, to sublimate sulphur or camphor.
Sublimate	To refine and exalt; to heighten; to elevate.
Sublimate	A product obtained by sublimation; hence, also, a purified product so obtained.
Sublimate	Brought into a state of vapor by heat, and again condensed as a solid.
Sublimated	Refined by, or as by, sublimation; exalted; purified.
Sublimation	The act or process of subliming, or the state or result of being sublimed.
Sublimation	The act of heightening or improving; exaltation; elevation; purification.
Sublimation	That which is sublimed; the product of a purifying process.
Sublimatory	Used for sublimation; as, sublimatory vessels.
Sublimatory	A vessel used for sublimation.
Sublime	Lifted up; high in place; exalted aloft; uplifted; lofty.
Sublime	Distinguished by lofty or noble traits; eminent; -- said of persons.
Sublime	Awakening or expressing the emotion of awe, adoration, veneration, heroic resolve, etc.; dignified; grand; solemn; stately; -- said of an impressive object in nature, of an action, of a discourse, of a work of art, of a spectacle, etc.; as, sublime scenery; a sublime deed.
Sublime	Elevated by joy; elate.
Sublime	Lofty of mien; haughty; proud.
Sublime	That which is sublime; -- with the definite article
Sublime	A grand or lofty style in speaking or writing; a style that expresses lofty conceptions.
Sublime	That which is grand in nature or art, as distinguished from the merely beautiful.
Sublimed	of Sublime
Subliming	of Sublime
Sublime	To raise on high.
Sublime	To subject to the process of sublimation; to heat, volatilize, and condense in crystals or powder; to distill off, and condense in solid form; hence, also, to purify.
Sublime	To exalt; to heighten; to improve; to purify.
Sublime	To dignify; to ennoble.
Sublime	To pass off in vapor, with immediate condensation; specifically, to evaporate or volatilize from the solid state without apparent melting; -- said of those substances, like arsenic, benzoic acid, etc., which do not exhibit a liquid form on heating, except under increased pressure.
Sublimed	Having been subjected to the process of sublimation; hence, also, purified.
Sublimely	In a sublime manner.
Sublimeness	The quality or state of being sublime; sublimity.
Sublimification	The act of making sublime, or state of being made sublime.
Sublimities	of Sublimity
Sublimity	The quality or state of being sublime (in any sense of the adjective).
Sublimity	That which is sublime; as, the sublimities of nature.
Sublineation	A mark of a line or lines under a word in a sentence, or under another line; underlining.
Sublinguae	of Sublingua
Sublingua	A process or fold below the tongue in some animals.
Sublingual	Situated under the tongue; as, the sublingual gland.
Sublingual	Of or pertaining to the sublingual gland; as, sublingual salvia.
Sublition	The act or process of laying the ground in a painting.
Sublittoral	Under the shore.
Sublobular	Situated under, or at the bases of, the lobules of the liver.
Sublumbar	Situated under, or on the ventral side of, the lumbar region of the vertebral column.
Sublunar	Alt. of Sublunary
Sublunary	Situated beneath the moon; hence, of or pertaining to this world; terrestrial; earthly.
Sublunary	Any worldly thing.
Subluxation	An incomplete or partial dislocation.
Submammary	Situated under the mammae; as, submammary inflammation.
Submarine	Being, acting, or growing, under water in the sea; as, submarine navigators; submarine plants.
Submarine	A submarine plant or animal.
Submarshal	An under or deputy marshal.
Submaxillary	Situated under the maxilla, or lower jaw; inframaxillary; as, the submaxillary gland.
Submaxillary	Of or pertaining to submaxillary gland; as, submaxillary salvia.
Submedial	Lying under the middle.
Submedian	Next to the median (on either side); as, the submedian teeth of mollusks.
Submediant	The sixth tone of the scale; the under mediant, or third below the keynote; the superdominant.
Submental	Situated under the chin; as, the submental artery.
Submenta	of Submentum
Submentum	The basal part of the labium of insects. It bears the mentum.
Submerged	of Submerge
Submerging	of Submerge
Submerge	To put under water; to plunge.
Submerge	To cover or overflow with water; to inundate; to flood; to drown.
Submerge	To plunge into water or other fluid; to be buried or covered, as by a fluid; to be merged; hence, to be completely included.
Submergence	The act of submerging, or the state of being submerged; submersion.
Submerse	Submersed.
Submersed	Being or growing under water, as the leaves of aquatic plants.
Submersion	The act of submerging, or putting under water or other fluid, or of causing to be overflowed; the act of plunging under water, or of drowning.
Submersion	The state of being put under water or other fluid, or of being overflowed or drowned.
Submetallic	Imperfectly metallic; as, a submetallic luster.
Subminister	To supply; to afford.
Subminister	To be subservient; to be useful.
Subministrant	Subordinate; subservient.
Subministrate	To supply; to afford; to subminister.
Subministration	The act of subministering.
Submiss	Submissive; humble; obsequious.
Submiss	Gentle; soft; calm; as, submiss voices.
Submission	The act of submitting; the act of yielding to power or authority; surrender of the person and power to the control or government of another; obedience; compliance.
Submission	The state of being submissive; acknowledgement of inferiority or dependence; humble or suppliant behavior; meekness; resignation.
Submission	Acknowledgement of a fault; confession of error.
Submission	An agreement by which parties engage to submit any matter of controversy between them to the decision of arbitrators.
Submissive	Inclined or ready to submit; acknowledging one's inferiority; yielding; obedient; humble.
Submissive	Showing a readiness to submit; expressing submission; as, a submissive demeanor.
Submissly	In a submissive manner; with a submission.
Submissness	Submissiveness.
Submitted	of Submit
Submitting	of Submit
Submit	To let down; to lower.
Submit	To put or place under.
Submit	To yield, resign, or surrender to power, will, or authority; -- often with the reflexive pronoun.
Submit	To leave or commit to the discretion or judgment of another or others; to refer; as, to submit a controversy to arbitrators; to submit a question to the court; -- often followed by a dependent proposition as the object.
Submit	To yield one's person to the power of another; to give up resistance; to surrender.
Submit	To yield one's opinion to the opinion of authority of another; to be subject; to acquiesce.
Submit	To be submissive or resigned; to yield without murmuring.
Submitter	One who submits.
Submonish	To suggest; to prompt.
Submonition	Suggestion; prompting.
Submucous	Situated under a mucous membrane.
Submultiple	A number or quality which is contained in another an exact number of times, or is an aliquot part of it; thus, 7 is the submultiple of 56, being contained in it eight times.
Submultiple	Of or pertaining to a submultiple; being a submultiple; as, a submultiple number; submultiple ratio.
Submuscular	Situated underneath a muscle or muscles.
Subnarcotic	Moderately narcotic.
Subnasal	Situated under the nose; as, the subnasal point, or the middle point of the inferior border of the anterior nasal aperture.
Subnascent	Growing underneath.
Subnect	To tie or fasten beneath; to join beneath.
Subnex	To subjoin; to subnect.
Subnormal	That part of the axis of a curved line which is intercepted between the ordinate and the normal.
Subnotation	A rescript.
Subnotochordal	Situated on the ventral side of the notochord; as, the subnotochordal rod.
Subnuvolar	Under the clouds; attended or partly covered or obscured by clouds; somewhat cloudy.
Subobscurely	Somewhat obscurely or darkly.
Subobtuse	Partially obtuse.
Suboccipital	Situated under, or posterior to, the occiput; as, the suboccipital, or first cervical, nerve.
Suboctave	Alt. of Suboctuple
Suboctuple	Containing one part of eight; having the ratio of one to eight.
Subocular	Situated under, or on the ventral side of, the eye.
Subofficer	An under or subordinate officer.
Subopercular	Situated below the operculum; pertaining to the suboperculum.
Subopercular	The suboperculum.
Suboperculum	The lower opercular bone in fishes.
Suborbicular	Alt. of Suborbiculate
Suborbiculate	Almost orbiculate or orbicular.
Suborbital	Alt. of Suborbitar
Suborbitar	Situated under or below the orbit.
Suborder	A division of an order; a group of genera of a little lower rank than an order and of greater importance than a tribe or family; as, cichoraceous plants form a suborder of Compositae.
Subordinacy	The quality or state of being subordinate, or subject to control; subordination, as, to bring the imagination to act in subordinacy to reason.
Subordinance	Alt. of Subordinancy
Subordinancy	Subordinacy; subordination.
Subordinary	One of several heraldic bearings somewhat less common than an ordinary. See Ordinary.
Subordinate	Placed in a lower order, class, or rank; holding a lower or inferior position.
Subordinate	Inferior in order, nature, dignity, power, importance, or the like.
Subordinate	One who stands in order or rank below another; -- distinguished from a principal.
Subordinated	of Subordinate
Subordinating	of Subordinate
Subordinate	To place in a lower order or class; to make or consider as of less value or importance; as, to subordinate one creature to another.
Subordinate	To make subject; to subject or subdue; as, to subordinate the passions to reason.
Subordination	The act of subordinating, placing in a lower order, or subjecting.
Subordination	The quality or state of being subordinate or inferior to an other; inferiority of rank or dignity; subjection.
Subordination	Place of inferior rank.
Subordinative	Tending to subordinate; expressing subordination; used to introduce a subordinate sentence; as, a subordinative conjunction.
Suborned	of Suborn
Suborning	of Suborn
Suborn	To procure or cause to take a false oath amounting to perjury, such oath being actually taken.
Suborn	To procure privately, or by collusion; to procure by indirect means; to incite secretly; to instigate.
Subornation	The act of suborning; the crime of procuring a person to take such a false oath as constitutes perjury.
Subornation	The sin or offense of procuring one to do a criminal or bad action, as by bribes or persuasion.
Suborner	One who suborns or procures another to take, a false oath; one who procures another to do a bad action.
Suboval	Somewhat oval; nearly oval.
Subovate	Nearly in the form of an egg, or of the section of an egg, but having the inferior extremity broadest; nearly ovate.
Subovated	Subovate.
Suboxide	An oxide containing a relatively small amount of oxygen, and less than the normal proportion; as, potassium suboxide, K4O.
Subpeduncular	Situated beneath the peduncle; as, the subpeduncular lobe of the cerebellum.
Subpedunculate	Supported on, or growing from, a very short stem; having a short peduncle.
Subpellucid	Somewhat pellucid; nearly pellucid.
Subpena	See Subpoena.
Subpentangular	Nearly or approximately pentangular; almost pentangular.
Subpericardial	Situated under the cardiac pericardium.
Subperiosteal	Situated under the periosteum.
Subperitoneal	Situated under the peritoneal membrane.
Subpetiolar	Concealed within the base of the petiole, as the leaf buds of the plane tree.
Subpleural	Situated under the pleural membrane.
Subpodophyllous	Situated under the podophyllous tissue of the horse's foot.
Subpoena	A writ commanding the attendance in court, as a witness, of the person on whom it is served, under a penalty; the process by which a defendant in equity is commanded to appear and answer the plaintiff's bill.
Subpoenaed	of Subpoena
Subpoenaing	of Subpoena
Subpoena	To serve with a writ of subpoena; to command attendance in court by a legal writ, under a penalty in case of disobedience.
Subpoenal	Required or done under penalty.
Subpolar	Situated below the poles.
Subpolygonal	Approximately polygonal; somewhat or almost polygonal.
Subprehensile	Somewhat prehensile; prehensile in an inferior degree.
Subprior	The vicegerent of a prior; a claustral officer who assists the prior.
Subpubic	Situated under, or posterior to, the pubic bones.
Subpulmonary	Situated under, or on the ventral side of, the lungs.
Subpurchaser	A purchaser who buys from a purchaser; one who buys at second hand.
Subpyriform	Somewhat pyriform.
Subquadrate	Nearly or approximately square; almost square.
Subquadruple	Containing one part of four; in the ratio of one to four; as, subquadruple proportion.
Subquinquefid	Almost quinquefid; nearly quinquefid.
Subquintuple	Having the ratio of one to five; as, subquintuple proportion.
Subreader	An under reader in the inns of court, who reads the texts of law the reader is to discourse upon.
Subrector	An assistant restor.
Subreligion	A secondary religion; a belief or principle held in a quasi religious veneration.
Subreption	The act of obtaining a favor by surprise, or by unfair representation through suppression or fraudulent concealment of facts.
Subreptitious	Surreptitious.
Subreptive	Surreptitious.
Subrigid	Somewhat rigid or stiff.
Subriguous	Watered or wet beneath; well-watered.
Subrogate	To put in the place of another; to substitute.
Subrogation	The act of subrogating.
Subrogation	The substitution of one person in the place of another as a creditor, the new creditor succeeding to the rights of the former; the mode by which a third person who pays a creditor succeeds to his rights against the debtor.
Subrotund	Somewhat rotund.
Subsacral	Situated under, or on the ventral side of, the sacrum.
Subsaline	Moderately saline or salt.
Subsalt	A basic salt. See the Note under Salt.
Subsannation	Derision; mockery.
Subscapular	Alt. of Subscapulary
Subscapulary	Situated beneath the scapula; infrascapular; as, the subscapular muscle.
Subscribable	Capable of being subscribed.
Subscribed	of Subscribe
Subscribing	of Subscribe
Subscribe	To write underneath, as one's name; to sign (one's name) to a document.
Subscribe	To sign with one's own hand; to give consent to, as something written, or to bind one's self to the terms of, by writing one's name beneath; as, parties subscribe a covenant or contract; a man subscribes a bond.
Subscribe	To attest by writing one's name beneath; as, officers subscribe their official acts, and secretaries and clerks subscribe copies or records.
Subscribe	To promise to give, by writing one's name with the amount; as, each man subscribed ten dollars.
Subscribe	To sign away; to yield; to surrender.
Subscribe	To declare over one's signature; to publish.
Subscribe	To sign one's name to a letter or other document.
Subscribe	To give consent to something written, by signing one's name; hence, to assent; to agree.
Subscribe	To become surely; -- with for.
Subscribe	To yield; to admit one's self to be inferior or in the wrong.
Subscribe	To set one's name to a paper in token of promise to give a certain sum.
Subscribe	To enter one's name for a newspaper, a book, etc.
Subscriber	One who subscribes; one who contributes to an undertaking by subscribing.
Subscriber	One who enters his name for a paper, book, map, or the like.
Subscript	Written below or underneath; as, iota subscript. (See under Iota.) Specifically (Math.), said of marks, figures, or letters (suffixes), written below and usually to the right of other letters to distinguish them; as, a, n, 2, in the symbols Xa, An, Y2. See Suffix, n., 2, and Subindex.
Subscript	Anything written below.
Subscription	The act of subscribing.
Subscription	That which is subscribed.
Subscription	A paper to which a signature is attached.
Subscription	The signature attached to a paper.
Subscription	Consent or attestation by underwriting the name.
Subscription	Sum subscribed; amount of sums subscribed; as, an individual subscription to a fund.
Subscription	The acceptance of articles, or other tests tending to promote uniformity; esp. (Ch. of Eng.), formal assent to the Thirty-nine Articles and the Book of Common Prayer, required before ordination.
Subscription	Submission; obedience.
Subscription	That part of a prescription which contains the direction to the apothecary.
Subscription	A method of purchasing items produced periodically in a series, as newspapers or magazines, in which a certain number of the items are delivered as produced, without need for ordering each item individually; also, the purchase thus executed.
Subscriptive	Of or pertaining to a subscription, or signature.
Subsecute	To follow closely, or so as to overtake; to pursue.
Subsecutive	Following in a train or succession.
Subsellia	of Subsellium
Subsellium	One of the stalls of the lower range where there are two ranges. See Illust. of Stall.
Subsemitone	The sensible or leading note, or sharp seventh, of any key; subtonic.
Subsensible	Deeper than the reach of the senses.
Subseptuple	Having the ratio of one to seven.
Subsequence	Alt. of Subsequency
Subsequency	The act or state of following; -- opposed to precedence.
Subsequent	Following in time; coming or being after something else at any time, indefinitely; as, subsequent events; subsequent ages or years; a period long subsequent to the foundation of Rome.
Subsequent	Following in order of place; succeeding; as, a subsequent clause in a treaty.
Subsequently	At a later time; afterwards.
Subserous	Situated under a serous membrane.
Subserved	of Subserve
Subserving	of Subserve
Subserve	To serve in subordination or instrumentally; to be subservient to; to help forward; to promote.
Subserve	To be subservient or subordinate; to serve in an inferior capacity.
Subservience	Alt. of Subserviency
Subserviency	The quality or state of being subservient; instrumental fitness or use; hence, willingness to serve another's purposes; in a derogatory sense, servility.
Subservient	Fitted or disposed to subserve; useful in an inferior capacity; serving to promote some end; subordinate; hence, servile, truckling.
Subserviently	In a subservient manner.
Subsesqui-	A prefix (also used adjectively) denoting the combination of constituents (especially electro-negative and electro-positive bodies) in the proportion of two to three; as, a subsesqui acetate, i. e., a salt having two equivalents of acetic acid to three of the base.
Subsextuple	Having the ratio of one to six; as, a subsextuple proportion.
Subsided	of Subside
Subsiding	of Subside
Subside	To sink or fall to the bottom; to settle, as lees.
Subside	To tend downward; to become lower; to descend; to sink.
Subside	To fall into a state of quiet; to cease to rage; to be calmed; to settle down; to become tranquil; to abate; as, the sea subsides; the tumults of war will subside; the fever has subsided.
Subsidence	Alt. of Subsidency
Subsidency	The act or process of subsiding.
Subsidiarily	In a subsidiary manner; so as to assist.
Subsidiary	Furnishing aid; assisting; auxiliary; helping; tributary; especially, aiding in an inferior position or capacity; as, a subsidiary stream.
Subsidiary	Of or pertaining to a subsidy; constituting a subsidy; being a part of, or of the nature of, a subsidy; as, subsidiary payments to an ally.
Subsidiaries	of Subsidiary
Subsidiary	One who, or that which, contributes aid or additional supplies; an assistant; an auxiliary.
Subsidized	of Subsidize
Subsidizing	of Subsidize
Subsidize	To furnish with a subsidy; to purchase the assistance of by the payment of a subsidy; to aid or promote, as a private enterprise, with public money; as, to subsidize a steamship line.
Subsidies	of Subsidy
Subsidy	Support; aid; cooperation; esp., extraordinary aid in money rendered to the sovereign or to a friendly power.
Subsidy	Specifically: A sum of money paid by one sovereign or nation to another to purchase the cooperation or the neutrality of such sovereign or nation in war.
Subsidy	A grant from the government, from a municipal corporation, or the like, to a private person or company to assist the establishment or support of an enterprise deemed advantageous to the public; a subvention; as, a subsidy to the owners of a line of ocean steamships.
Subsigned	of Subsign
Subsigning	of Subsign
Subsign	To sign beneath; to subscribe.
Subsinnation	The act of writing the name under something, as for attestation.
Subsilicate	A basic silicate.
Subsisted	of Subsist
Subsisting	of Subsist
Subsist	To be; to have existence; to inhere.
Subsist	To continue; to retain a certain state.
Subsist	To be maintained with food and clothing; to be supported; to live.
Subsist	To support with provisions; to feed; to maintain; as, to subsist one's family.
Subsistence	Real being; existence.
Subsistence	Inherency; as, the subsistence of qualities in bodies.
Subsistence	That which furnishes support to animal life; means of support; provisions, or that which produces provisions; livelihood; as, a meager subsistence.
Subsistence	Same as Hypostasis, 2.
Subsistency	Subsistence.
Subsistent	Having real being; as, a subsistent spirit.
Subsistent	Inherent; as, qualities subsistent in matter.
Subsizar	An under sizar; a student of lower rank than a sizar.
Subsoil	The bed, or stratum, of earth which lies immediately beneath the surface soil.
Subsoil	To turn up the subsoil of.
Subsolary	Being under the sun; hence, terrestrial; earthly; mundane.
Subspecies	A group somewhat lessdistinct than speciesusually are, but based on characters more important than those which characterize ordinary varieties; often, a geographical variety or race.
Subsphenoidal	Situated under, or on the ventral side of, the body of the sphenoid bone.
Subspherical	Nearly spherical; having a figure resembling that of a sphere.
Subspinous	Subvertebral.
Subspinous	Situated beneath a spinous process, as that of the scapula; as, subspinous dislocation of the humerus.
Substance	That which underlies all outward manifestations; substratum; the permanent subject or cause of phenomena, whether material or spiritual; that in which properties inhere; that which is real, in distinction from that which is apparent; the abiding part of any existence, in distinction from any accident; that which constitutes anything what it is; real or existing essence.
Substance	The most important element in any existence; the characteristic and essential components of anything; the main part; essential import; purport.
Substance	Body; matter; material of which a thing is made; hence, substantiality; solidity; firmness; as, the substance of which a garment is made; some textile fabrics have little substance.
Substance	Material possessions; estate; property; resources.
Substance	Same as Hypostasis, 2.
Substance	To furnish or endow with substance; to supply property to; to make rich.
Substanceless	Having no substance; unsubstantial.
Substant	Substantial; firm.
Substantial	Belonging to substance; actually existing; real; as, substantial life.
Substantial	Not seeming or imaginary; not illusive; real; solid; true; veritable.
Substantial	Corporeal; material; firm.
Substantial	Having good substance; strong; stout; solid; firm; as, substantial cloth; a substantial fence or wall.
Substantial	Possessed of goods or an estate; moderately wealthy; responsible; as, a substantial freeholder.
Substantiality	The quality or state of being substantial; corporiety; materiality.
Substantialized	of Substantialize
Substantializing	of Substantialize
Substantialize	To make substantial.
Substantially	In a substantial manner; in substance; essentially.
Substantialness	The quality or state of being substantial; as, the substantialness of a wall or column.
Substantials	Essential parts.
Substantiated	of Substantiate
Substantiating	of Substantiate
Substantiate	To make to exist; to make real.
Substantiate	To establish the existence or truth of by proof or competent evidence; to verify; as, to substantiate a charge or allegation; to substantiate a declaration.
Substantiation	The act of substantiating or proving; evidence; proof.
Substantival	Of or pertaining to a substantive; of the nature of substantive.
Substantive	Betokening or expressing existence; as, the substantive verb, that is, the verb to be.
Substantive	Depending on itself; independent.
Substantive	Enduring; solid; firm; substantial.
Substantive	Pertaining to, or constituting, the essential part or principles; as, the law substantive.
Substantive	A noun or name; the part of speech which designates something that exists, or some object of thought, either material or immaterial; as, the words man, horse, city, goodness, excellence, are substantives.
Substantive	To substantivize.
Substantively	In a substantive manner; in substance; essentially.
Substantively	As a substantive, name, or noun; as, an adjective may be used substantively.
Substantiveness	The quality or state of being substantive.
Substantivize	To convert into a substantive; as, to substantivize an adjective.
Substile	See Substyle.
Substituent	Any atom, group, or radical substituted for another, or entering a molecule in place of some other part which is removed.
Substitute	One who, or that which, is substituted or put in the place of another; one who acts for another; that which stands in lieu of something else
Substitute	a person who enlists for military service in the place of a conscript or drafted man.
Substituted	of Substitute
Substituting	of Substitute
Substitute	To put in the place of another person or thing; to exchange.
Substituted	Exchanged; put in the place of another.
Substituted	Containing substitutions or replacements; having been subjected to the process of substitution, or having some of its parts replaced; as, alcohol is a substituted water; methyl amine is a substituted ammonia.
Substitution	The act of substituting or putting one person or thing in the place of another; as, the substitution of an agent, attorney, or representative to act for one in his absense; the substitution of bank notes for gold and silver as a circulating medium.
Substitution	The state of being substituted for another.
Substitution	The office or authority of one acting for another; delegated authority.
Substitution	The designation of a person in a will to take a devise or legacy, either on failure of a former devisee or legatee by incapacity or unwillingness to accept, or after him.
Substitution	The doctrine that Christ suffered vicariously, being substituted for the sinner, and that his sufferings were expiatory.
Substitution	The act or process of substituting an atom or radical for another atom or radical; metethesis; also, the state of being so substituted. See Metathesis.
Substitutional	Of or pertaining to substitution; standing in the place of another; substituted.
Substitutionary	Of or pertaining to substitution; substitutional.
Substitutive	Tending to afford or furnish a substitute; making substitution; capable of being substituted.
Substract	To subtract; to withdraw.
Substraction	Subtraction; deduction.
Substraction	See Subtraction, 3.
Substractor	One who subtracts.
Substractor	A detractor; a slanderer.
Substrate	A substratum.
Substrate	Having very slight furrows.
Substrate	To strew or lay under anything.
Substrata	of Substratum
Substratum	That which is laid or spread under; that which underlies something, as a layer of earth lying under another; specifically (Agric.), the subsoil.
Substratum	The permanent subject of qualities or cause of phenomena; substance.
Substruct	To build beneath something; to lay as the foundation.
Substruction	Underbuilding; the foundation, or any preliminary structure intended to raise the lower floor or basement of a building above the natural level of the ground.
Substructure	Same as Substruction.
Substructure	An under structure; a foundation; groundwork.
Substylar	Pertaining to the substyle.
Substyle	A right line on which the style, or gnomon, of a dial is erected; being the common section of the face of the dial and a plane perpendicular to it passing through the style.
Subsulphate	A sulphate with an excess of the base.
Subsulphide	A nonacid compound consisting of one equivalent of sulphur and more than one equivalent of some other body, as a metal.
Subsultive	Subsultory.
Subsultory	Bounding; leaping; moving by sudden leaps or starts.
Subsultus	A starting, twitching, or convulsive motion.
Subsumable	Capable of being subsumed.
Subsume	To take up into or under, as individual under species, species under genus, or particular under universal; to place (any one cognition) under another as belonging to it; to include under something else.
Subsumption	The act of subsuming, or of including under another.
Subsumption	That which is subsumed, as the minor clause or premise of a syllogism.
Subsumptive	Relating to, or containing, a subsumption.
Subtangent	The part of the axis contained between the ordinate and tangent drawn to the same point in a curve.
Subtartarean	Being or living under Tartarus; infernal.
Subtectacle	A space under a roof; a tabernacle; a dwelling.
Subtegulaneous	Under the roof or eaves; within doors.
Subtenant	One who rents a tenement, or land, etc., of one who is also a tenant; an undertenant.
Subtended	of Subtend
Subtending	of Subtend
Subtend	To extend under, or be opposed to; as, the line of a triangle which subtends the right angle; the chord subtends an arc.
Subtense	A line subtending, or stretching across; a chord; as, the subtense of an arc.
Subtepid	Slightly tepid.
Subterete	Somewhat terete.
Subterfluent	Alt. of Subterfluous
Subterfluous	Running under or beneath.
Subterfuge	That to which one resorts for escape or concealment; an artifice employed to escape censure or the force of an argument, or to justify opinions or conduct; a shift; an evasion.
Subterrane	A cave or room under ground.
Subterraneal	Subterranean.
Subterranean	Alt. of Subterraneous
Subterraneous	Being or lying under the surface of the earth; situated within the earth, or under ground; as, subterranean springs; a subterraneous passage.
Subterranity	A place under ground; a subterrany.
Subterrany	Subterranean.
Subterrany	A subterranean place.
Subterrene	Subterraneous.
Subterrestrial	Subterranean.
Subthalamic	Situated under the optic thalamus.
Subtile	Thin; not dense or gross; rare; as, subtile air; subtile vapor; a subtile medium.
Subtile	Delicately constituted or constructed; nice; fine; delicate; tenuous; finely woven.
Subtile	Acute; piercing; searching.
Subtile	Characterized by nicety of discrimination; discerning; delicate; refined; subtle.
Subtile	Sly; artful; cunning; crafty; subtle; as, a subtile person; a subtile adversary; a subtile scheme.
Subtiliate	To make thin or rare.
Subtilism	The quality or state of being subtile; subtility; subtlety.
Subtility	Subtilty.
Subtilization	The act of making subtile.
Subtilization	The operation of making so volatile as to rise in steam or vapor.
Subtilization	Refinement; subtlety; extreme attenuation.
Subtilized	of Subtilize
Subtilizing	of Subtilize
Subtilize	To make thin or fine; to make less gross or coarse.
Subtilize	To refine; to spin into niceties; as, to subtilize arguments.
Subtilize	To refine in argument; to make very nice distinctions.
Subtilizer	One who subtilizes.
Subtilty	The quality or state of being subtile; thinness; fineness; as, the subtility of air or light.
Subtilty	Refinement; extreme acuteness; subtlety.
Subtilty	Cunning; skill; craft.
Subtilty	Slyness in design; artifice; guile; a cunning design or artifice; a trick; subtlety.
Subtle	Sly in design; artful; cunning; insinuating; subtile; -- applied to persons; as, a subtle foe.
Subtle	Cunningly devised; crafty; treacherous; as, a subtle stratagem.
Subtle	Characterized by refinement and niceness in drawing distinctions; nicely discriminating; -- said of persons; as, a subtle logician; refined; tenuous; sinuous; insinuating; hence, penetrative or pervasive; -- said of the mind; its faculties, or its operations; as, a subtle intellect; a subtle imagination; a subtle process of thought; also, difficult of apprehension; elusive.
Subtle	Smooth and deceptive.
Subtleness	The quality or state of being subtle; subtlety.
Subtleties	of Subtlety
Subtlety	The quality or state of being subtle, or sly; cunning; craftiness; artfulness.
Subtlety	Nice discernment with delicacy of mental action; nicety of discrimination.
Subtlety	Something that is sly, crafty, or delusive.
Subtly	In a subtle manner; slyly; artfully; cunningly.
Subtly	Nicely; delicately.
Subtly	Deceitfully; delusively.
Subtonic	Applied to, or distinguishing, a speech element consisting of tone, or proper vocal sound, not pure as in the vowels, but dimmed and otherwise modified by some kind of obstruction in the oral or the nasal passage, and in some cases with a mixture of breath sound; -- a term introduced by Dr. James Rush in 1833. See Guide to Pronunciation, //155, 199-202.
Subtonic	A subtonic sound or element; a vocal consonant, as b, d, g, n, etc.; a subvocal.
Subtonic	The seventh tone of the scale, or that immediately below the tonic; -- called also subsemitone.
Subtorrid	Nearly torrid.
Subtracted	of Subtract
Subtracting	of Subtract
Subtract	To withdraw, or take away, as a part from the whole; to deduct; as, subtract 5 from 9, and the remainder is 4.
Subtracter	One who subtracts.
Subtracter	The subtrahend.
Subtraction	The act or operation of subtracting or taking away a part.
Subtraction	The taking of a lesser number or quantity from a greater of the same kind or denomination; an operation for finding the difference between two numbers or quantities.
Subtraction	The withdrawing or withholding from a person of some right to which he is entitled by law.
Subtractive	Tending, or having power, to subtract.
Subtractive	Having the negative sign, or sign minus.
Subtrahend	The sum or number to be subtracted, or taken from another.
Subtranslucent	Not perfectly translucent.
Subtransparent	Not perfectly transparent.
Subtreasurer	The public officer who has charge of a subtreasury.
Subtreasuries	of Subtreasury
Subtreasury	A subordinate treasury, or place of deposit; as, the United States subtreasury at New York.
Subtriangular	Nearly, but not perfectly, triangular.
Subtribe	A division of a tribe; a group of genera of a little lower rank than a tribe.
Subtrihedral	Approaching the form of a three-sided pyramid; as, the subtrihedral crown of a tooth.
Subtriple	Containing a third, or one part to three.
Subtriplicate	Expressed by the cube root; -- said especially of ratios.
Subtropical	Nearly tropical.
Subtruded	of Subtrude
Subtruding	of Subtrude
Subtrude	To place under; to insert.
Subturriculate	Somewhat turriculate.
Subtutor	An under tutor.
Subtypical	Deviating somewhat from the type of a species, genus, or other group; slightly aberrant.
Subulate	Alt. of Subulated
Subulated	Very narrow, and tapering gradually to a fine point from a broadish base; awl-shaped; linear.
Subulicornes	A division of insects having slender or subulate antennae. The dragon flies and May flies are examples.
Subuliform	Subulate.
Subulipalp	One of a group of carabid beetles having slender palpi.
Subumbonal	Beneath or forward of the umbos of a bivalve shell.
Subumbrella	The integument of the under surface of the bell, or disk-shaped body, of a jellyfish.
Subundation	A flood; a deluge.
Subungual	Under the nail or hoof.
Suburb	An outlying part of a city or town; a smaller place immediately adjacent to a city; in the plural, the region which is on the confines of any city or large town; as, a house stands in the suburbs; a garden situated in the suburbs of Paris.
Suburb	Hence, the confines; the outer part; the environment.
Suburban	Of or pertaining to suburbs; inhabiting, or being in, the suburbs of a city.
Suburban	One who dwells in the suburbs.
Suburbed	Having a suburb or suburbs on its outer part.
Suburbial	Alt. of Suburbian
Suburbian	Suburban.
Suburbicarian	Alt. of Suburbicary
Suburbicary	Being in the suburbs; -- applied to the six dioceses in the suburbs of Rome subject to the pope as bishop of Rome.
Suburethral	Situated under the urethra, or under its orifice.
Subvaginal	Situated under or inside a sheath or vaginal membrane; as, the subvaginal, or subdural, spaces about the optic nerve.
-ties	of Subvariety
Subvariety	A subordinate variety, or a division of a variety.
Subvened	of Subvene
Subvening	of Subvene
Subvene	To come under, as a support or stay; to happen.
Subventaneous	Produced by the wind.
Subvention	The act of coming under.
Subvention	The act of relieving, as of a burden; support; aid; assistance; help.
Subvention	A government aid or bounty.
Subvention	To subventionize.
Subventionize	To come to the aid of; to subsidize; to support.
Subventitious	Helping; aiding; supporting.
Subverse	To subvert.
Subversion	The act of overturning, or the state of being overturned; entire overthrow; an overthrow from the foundation; utter ruin; destruction; as, the subversion of a government; the subversion of despotic power; the subversion of the constitution.
Subversionary	Promoting destruction.
Subversive	Tending to subvert; having a tendency to overthrow and ruin.
Subverted	of Subvert
Subverting	of Subvert
Subvert	To overturn from the foundation; to overthrow; to ruin utterly.
Subvert	To pervert, as the mind, and turn it from the truth; to corrupt; to confound.
Subvert	To overthrow anything from the foundation; to be subversive.
Subverant	Reserved.
Subvertebral	Situated beneath, or on the ventral side of, the vertebral column; situated beneath, or inside of, the endoskeleton; hypaxial; hyposkeletal.
Subverter	One who, or that which, subverts; an overthrower.
Subvertible	That may be subverted.
Subvitalized	Imperfectly vitalized; having naturally but little vital power or energy.
Subvocal	Same as Subtonic.
Subway	An underground way or gallery; especially, a passage under a street, in which water mains, gas mains, telegraph wires, etc., are conducted.
Subworker	A subordinate worker or helper.
Subzonal	Situated under a zone, or zona; -- applied to a membrane between the zona radiata and the umbilical vesicle in the mammal embryo.
Subzigomatic	Situated under the zygoma or zygomatic process.
Succade	A sweetmeat.
Succade	Sweetmeats, or preserves in sugar, whether fruit, vegetables, or confections.
Succedane	A succedaneum.
Succedaneous	Pertaining to, or acting as, a succedaneum; supplying the place of something else; being, or employed as, a substitute for another.
Succedanea	of Succedaneum
Succedaneum	One who, or that which, succeeds to the place of another; that which is used for something else; a substitute
Succedaneum	a remedy used as a substitute for another.
Succeeded	of Succeed
Succeeding	of Succeed
Succeed	To follow in order; to come next after; hence, to take the place of; as, the king's eldest son succeeds his father on the throne; autumn succeeds summer.
Succeed	To fall heir to; to inherit.
Succeed	To come after; to be subsequent or consequent to; to follow; to pursue.
Succeed	To support; to prosper; to promote.
Succeed	To come in the place of another person, thing, or event; to come next in the usual, natural, or prescribed course of things; to follow; hence, to come next in the possession of anything; -- often with to.
Succeed	Specifically: To ascend the throne after the removal the death of the occupant.
Succeed	To descend, as an estate or an heirloom, in the same family; to devolve.
Succeed	To obtain the object desired; to accomplish what is attempted or intended; to have a prosperous issue or termination; to be successful; as, he succeeded in his plans; his plans succeeded.
Succeed	To go under cover.
Succeedant	Succeeding one another; following.
Succeeder	A successor.
Succeeding	The act of one who, or that which, succeeds; also, that which succeeds, or follows after; consequence.
Succentor	A subchanter.
Success	Act of succeeding; succession.
Success	That which comes after; hence, consequence, issue, or result, of an endeavor or undertaking, whether good or bad; the outcome of effort.
Success	The favorable or prosperous termination of anything attempted; the attainment of a proposed object; prosperous issue.
Success	That which meets with, or one who accomplishes, favorable results, as a play or a player.
Successary	Succession.
Successful	Resulting in success; assuring, or promotive of, success; accomplishing what was proposed; having the desired effect; hence, prosperous; fortunate; happy; as, a successful use of medicine; a successful experiment; a successful enterprise.
Succession	The act of succeeding, or following after; a following of things in order of time or place, or a series of things so following; sequence; as, a succession of good crops; a succession of disasters.
Succession	A series of persons or things according to some established rule of precedence; as, a succession of kings, or of bishops; a succession of events in chronology.
Succession	An order or series of descendants; lineage; race; descent.
Succession	The power or right of succeeding to the station or title of a father or other predecessor; the right to enter upon the office, rank, position, etc., held ny another; also, the entrance into the office, station, or rank of a predecessor; specifically, the succeeding, or right of succeeding, to a throne.
Succession	The right to enter upon the possession of the property of an ancestor, or one near of kin, or one preceding in an established order.
Succession	The person succeeding to rank or office; a successor or heir.
Successional	Of or pertaining to a succession; existing in a regular order; consecutive.
Successionist	A person who insists on the importance of a regular succession of events, offices, etc.; especially (Eccl.), one who insists that apostolic succession alone is valid.
Successive	Following in order or in uninterrupted course; coming after without interruption or interval; following one after another in a line or series; consecutive; as, the successive revolution of years; the successive kings of Egypt; successive strokes of a hammer.
Successive	Having or giving the right of succeeding to an inheritance; inherited by succession; hereditary; as, a successive title; a successive empire.
Successively	In a successive manner.
Successiveness	The quality or state of being successive.
Successless	Having no success.
Successor	One who succeeds or follows; one who takes the place which another has left, and sustains the like part or character; -- correlative to predecessor; as, the successor of a deceased king.
Succiduous	Ready to fall; falling.
Succiferous	Producing or conveying sap.
Succinamate	A salt of succinamic acid.
Succinamic	Of, pertaining to, or designating, an acid amide derivative of succinic acid, obtained as a white crystalline substance, and forming a series of salts.
Succinate	A salt of succinic acid.
Succinct	Girded or tucked up; bound; drawn tightly together.
Succinct	Compressed into a narrow compass; brief; concise.
Succinic	Pertaining to, or derived from, amber; specif., designating a dibasic acid, C/H/.(CO/H)/, first obtained by the dry distillation of amber. It is found in a number of plants, as in lettuce and wormwood, and is also produced artificially as a white crystalline substance having a slightly acid taste.
Succinimide	A white crystalline nitrogenous substance, C2H4.(CO)2.NH, obtained by treating succinic anhydride with ammonia gas. It is a typical imido acid, and forms a series of salts. See Imido acid, under Imido.
Succinite	Amber.
Succinite	A garnet of an amber color.
Succinous	Succinic.
Succinurate	A salt of succinuric acid.
Succinuric	Pertaining to, or designating, an acid amide, analogous to succinamic acid, which is obtained as a white crystalline substance by heating urea with succinic anhydride. It is known also in its salts.
Succinyl	A hypothetical radical characteristic of succinic acid and certain of its derivatives.
Succise	Appearing as if a part were cut off at the extremity.
Succision	The act of cutting down, as of trees; the act of cutting off.
Succored	of Succor
Succoring	of Succor
Succor	To run to, or run to support; hence, to help or relieve when in difficulty, want, or distress; to assist and deliver from suffering; to relieve; as, to succor a besieged city.
Succor	Aid; help; assistance; esp., assistance that relieves and delivers from difficulty, want, or distress.
Succor	The person or thing that brings relief.
Succorable	Capable of being succored or assisted; admitting of relief.
Succorer	One who affords succor; a helper.
Succorless	Destitute of succor.
Succory	A plant of the genus Cichorium. See Chicory.
Succotash	Green maize and beans boiled together. The dish is borrowed from the native Indians.
Succoteague	The squeteague.
Succubae	of Succuba
Succuba	A female demon or fiend. See Succubus.
Succubine	Of or pertaining to succuba.
Succubous	Having the leaves so placed that the upper part of each one is covered by the base of the next higher leaf, as in hepatic mosses of the genus Plagiochila.
Succubi	of Succubus
Succubus	A demon or fiend; especially, a lascivious spirit supposed to have sexual intercourse with the men by night; a succuba.  Cf. Incubus.
Succubus	The nightmare. See Nightmare, 2.
Succula	A bare axis or cylinder with staves or levers in it to turn it round, but without any drum.
Succulence	Alt. of Succulency
Succulency	The quality or condition of being succulent; juiciness; as, the succulence of a peach.
Succulent	Full of juice; juicy.
Succulently	In a succulent manner.
Succulous	Succulent; juicy.
Succumbed	of Succumb
Succumbing	of Succumb
Succumb	To yield; to submit; to give up unresistingly; as, to succumb under calamities; to succumb to disease.
Succumbent	Submissive; yielding.
Succursal	Serving to aid or help; serving as a chapel of ease; tributary.
Succi	of Succus
Succus	The expressed juice of a plant, for medicinal use.
Succussation	A trot or trotting.
Succussation	A shaking; succussion.
Succussion	The act of shaking; a shake; esp. (Med.), a shaking of the body to ascertain if there be a liquid in the thorax.
Succussive	Characterized by a shaking motion, especially an up and down movement, and not merely tremulous oscillation; as, the succussive motion in earthquakes.
Such	Of that kind; of the like kind; like; resembling; similar; as, we never saw such a day; -- followed by that or as introducing the word or proposition which defines the similarity, or the standard of comparison; as, the books are not such that I can recommend them, or, not such as I can recommend; these apples are not such as those we saw yesterday; give your children such precepts as tend to make them better.
Such	Having the particular quality or character specified.
Such	The same that; -- with as; as, this was the state of the kingdom at such time as the enemy landed.
Such	Certain; -- representing the object as already particularized in terms which are not mentioned.
Suchospondylous	Having dorsal vertebrae with long and divided transverse processes; -- applied to certain reptiles.
Suchwise	In a such a manner; so.
Sucked	of Suck
Sucking	of Suck
Suck	To draw, as a liquid, by the action of the mouth and tongue, which tends to produce a vacuum, and causes the liquid to rush in by atmospheric pressure; to draw, or apply force to, by exhausting the air.
Suck	To draw liquid from by the action of the mouth; as, to suck an orange; specifically, to draw milk from (the mother, the breast, etc.) with the mouth; as, the young of an animal sucks the mother, or dam; an infant sucks the breast.
Suck	To draw in, or imbibe, by any process resembles sucking; to inhale; to absorb; as, to suck in air; the roots of plants suck water from the ground.
Suck	To draw or drain.
Suck	To draw in, as a whirlpool; to swallow up.
Suck	To draw, or attempt to draw, something by suction, as with the mouth, or through a tube.
Suck	To draw milk from the breast or udder; as, a child, or the young of an animal, is first nourished by sucking.
Suck	To draw in; to imbibe; to partake.
Suck	The act of drawing with the mouth.
Suck	That which is drawn into the mouth by sucking; specifically, mikl drawn from the breast.
Suck	A small draught.
Suck	Juice; succulence.
Suckanhock	A kind of seawan. See Note under Seawan.
Suckatash	See Succotash.
Sucken	The jurisdiction of a mill, or that extent of ground astricted to it, the tenants of which are bound to bring their grain thither to be ground.
Sucker	One who, or that which, sucks; esp., one of the organs by which certain animals, as the octopus and remora, adhere to other bodies.
Sucker	A suckling; a sucking animal.
Sucker	The embolus, or bucket, of a pump; also, the valve of a pump basket.
Sucker	A pipe through which anything is drawn.
Sucker	A small piece of leather, usually round, having a string attached to the center, which, when saturated with water and pressed upon a stone or other body having a smooth surface, adheres, by reason of the atmospheric pressure, with such force as to enable a considerable weight to be thus lifted by the string; -- used by children as a plaything.
Sucker	A shoot from the roots or lower part of the stem of a plant; -- so called, perhaps, from diverting nourishment from the body of the plant.
Sucker	Any one of numerous species of North American fresh-water cyprinoid fishes of the family Catostomidae; so called because the lips are protrusile. The flesh is coarse, and they are of little value as food. The most common species of the Eastern United States are the northern sucker (Catostomus Commersoni), the white sucker (C. teres), the hog sucker (C. nigricans), and the chub, or sweet sucker (Erimyzon sucetta). Some of the large Western species are called buffalo fish, red horse, black horse, and suckerel.
Sucker	The remora.
Sucker	The lumpfish.
Sucker	The hagfish, or myxine.
Sucker	A California food fish (Menticirrus undulatus) closely allied to the kingfish (a); -- called also bagre.
Sucker	A parasite; a sponger. See def. 6, above.
Sucker	A hard drinker; a soaker.
Sucker	A greenhorn; one easily gulled.
Sucker	A nickname applied to a native of Illinois.
Suckered	of Sucker
Suckering	of Sucker
Sucker	To strip off the suckers or shoots from; to deprive of suckers; as, to sucker maize.
Sucker	To form suckers; as, corn suckers abundantly.
Sucket	A sweetmeat; a dainty morsel.
Suckfish	A sucker fish.
Sucking	Drawing milk from the mother or dam; hence, colloquially, young, inexperienced, as, a sucking infant; a sucking calf.
Suckle	A teat.
Suckled	of Suckle
Suckling	of Suckle
Suckle	To give suck to; to nurse at the breast.
Suckle	To nurse; to suck.
Suckler	An animal that suckles its young; a mammal.
Suckling	A young child or animal nursed at the breast.
Suckling	A small kind of yellow clover (Trifolium filiforme) common in Southern Europe.
Sucrate	A compound of sucrose (or of some related carbohydrate) with some base, after the analogy of a salt; as, sodium sucrate.
Sucre	A silver coin of Ecuador, worth 68 cents.
Sucrose	A common variety of sugar found in the juices of many plants, as the sugar cane, sorghum, sugar maple, beet root, etc. It is extracted as a sweet, white crystalline substance which is valuable as a food product, and, being antiputrescent, is largely used in the preservation of fruit. Called also saccharose, cane sugar, etc. By extension, any one of the class of isomeric substances (as lactose, maltose, etc.) of which sucrose proper is the type.
Suction	The act or process of sucking; the act of drawing, as fluids, by exhausting the air.
Suctoria	An order of Infusoria having the body armed with somewhat stiff, tubular processes which they use as suckers in obtaining their food. They are usually stalked.
Suctoria	Same as Rhizocephala.
Suctorial	Adapted for sucking; living by sucking; as, the humming birds are suctorial birds.
Suctorial	Capable of adhering by suction; as, the suctorial fishes.
Suctorian	A cartilaginous fish with a mouth adapted for suction, as the lampery.
Suctorian	One of the Suctoria.
Suctorious	Suctorial.
Sudamina	Minute vesicles surrounded by an area of reddened skin, produced by excessive sweating.
Sudarium	The handkerchief upon which the Savior is said to have impressed his own portrait miraculously, when wiping his face with it, as he passed to the crucifixion.
Sudary	A napkin or handkerchief.
Sudation	A sweating.
Sudatoria	of Sudatorium
Sudatorium	A sudatory.
Sudatory	Sweating; perspiring.
Sudatories	of Sudatory
Sudatory	A bagnio; a sweating bath; a vapor bath.
Sudden	Happening without previous notice or with very brief notice; coming unexpectedly, or without the common preparation; immediate; instant; speedy.
Sudden	Hastly prepared or employed; quick; rapid.
Sudden	Hasty; violent; rash; precipitate.
Sudden	Suddenly; unexpectedly.
Sudden	An unexpected occurrence; a surprise.
Suddenty	Suddenness; a sudden.
Sudoral	Of or pertaining to sweat; as, sudoral eruptions.
Sudoriferous	Producing, or secreting, sweat; sudoriparous.
Sudorific	Causing sweat; as, sudorific herbs.
Sudorific	A sudorific medicine.  Cf. Diaphoretic.
Sudoriparous	Same as Sudoriferous.
Sudorous	Consisting of sweat.
Sudra	The lowest of the four great castes among the Hindoos. See Caste.
Suds	Water impregnated with soap, esp. when worked up into bubbles and froth.
Sued	of Sue
Suing	of Sue
Sue	To follow up; to chase; to seek after; to endeavor to win; to woo.
Sue	To seek justice or right from, by legal process; to institute process in law against; to bring an action against; to prosecute judicially.
Sue	To proceed with, as an action, and follow it up to its proper termination; to gain by legal process.
Sue	To clean, as the beak; -- said of a hawk.
Sue	To leave high and dry on shore; as, to sue a ship.
Sue	To seek by request; to make application; to petition; to entreat; to plead.
Sue	To prosecute; to make legal claim; to seek (for something) in law; as, to sue for damages.
Sue	To woo; to pay addresses as a lover.
Sue	To be left high and dry on the shore, as a ship.
Suent	Uniformly or evenly distributed or spread; even; smooth. See Suant.
Suently	Evenly; smoothly.
Suer	One who sues; a suitor.
Suet	The fat and fatty tissues of an animal, especially the harder fat about the kidneys and loins in beef and mutton, which, when melted and freed from the membranes, forms tallow.
Suety	Consisting of, or resembling, suet; as, a suety substance.
Suf-	A form of the prefix Sub-.
Suffered	of Suffer
Suffering	of Suffer
Suffer	To feel, or endure, with pain, annoyance, etc.; to submit to with distress or grief; to undergo; as, to suffer pain of body, or grief of mind.
Suffer	To endure or undergo without sinking; to support; to sustain; to bear up under.
Suffer	To undergo; to be affected by; to sustain; to experience; as, most substances suffer a change when long exposed to air and moisture; to suffer loss or damage.
Suffer	To allow; to permit; not to forbid or hinder; to tolerate.
Suffer	To feel or undergo pain of body or mind; to bear what is inconvenient; as, we suffer from pain, sickness, or sorrow; we suffer with anxiety.
Suffer	To undergo punishment; specifically, to undergo the penalty of death.
Suffer	To be injured; to sustain loss or damage.
Sufferable	Able to suffer or endure; patient.
Sufferable	That may be suffered, tolerated, or permitted; allowable; tolerable.
Sufferance	The state of suffering; the bearing of pain; endurance.
Sufferance	Pain endured; misery; suffering; distress.
Sufferance	Loss; damage; injury.
Sufferance	Submission under difficult or oppressive circumstances; patience; moderation.
Sufferance	Negative consent by not forbidding or hindering; toleration; permission; allowance; leave.
Sufferance	A permission granted by the customs authorities for the shipment of goods.
Sufferer	One who suffers; one who endures or undergoes suffering; one who sustains inconvenience or loss; as, sufferers by poverty or sickness; men are sufferers by fire or by losses at sea.
Sufferer	One who permits or allows.
Suffering	The bearing of pain, inconvenience, or loss; pain endured; distress, loss, or injury incurred; as, sufferings by pain or sorrow; sufferings by want or by wrongs.
Suffering	Being in pain or grief; having loss, injury, distress, etc.
Sufficed	of Suffice
Sufficing	of Suffice
Suffice	To be enough, or sufficient; to meet the need (of anything); to be equal to the end proposed; to be adequate.
Suffice	To satisfy; to content; to be equal to the wants or demands of.
Suffice	To furnish; to supply adequately.
Sufficience	Sufficiently.
Sufficiency	The quality or state of being sufficient, or adequate to the end proposed; adequacy.
Sufficiency	Qualification for any purpose; ability; capacity.
Sufficiency	Adequate substance or means; competence.
Sufficiency	Supply equal to wants; ample stock or fund.
Sufficiency	Conceit; self-confidence; self-sufficiency.
Sufficient	Equal to the end proposed; adequate to wants; enough; ample; competent; as, provision sufficient for the family; an army sufficient to defend the country.
Sufficient	Possessing adequate talents or accomplishments; of competent power or ability; qualified; fit.
Sufficient	Capable of meeting obligations; responsible.
Sufficient	Self-sufficient; self-satisfied; content.
Sufficiently	To a sufficient degree; to a degree that answers the purpose, or gives content; enough; as, we are sufficiently supplied with food; a man sufficiently qualified for the discharge of his official duties.
Sufficing	Affording enough; satisfying.
Suffisance	Sufficiency; plenty; abundance; contentment.
Suffisant	Sufficient.
Suffix	A letter, letters, syllable, or syllables added or appended to the end of a word or a root to modify the meaning; a postfix.
Suffix	A subscript mark, number, or letter. See Subscript, a.
Suffixed	of Suffix
Suffixing	of Suffix
Suffix	To add or annex to the end, as a letter or syllable to a word; to append.
Suffixion	The act of suffixing, or the state of being suffixed.
Suffixment	Suffixion.
Sufflaminate	To retard the motion of, as a carriage, by preventing one or more of its wheels from revolving, either by means of a chain or otherwise.
Sufflaminate	Hence, to stop; to impede.
Sufflate	To blow up; to inflate; to inspire.
Sufflation	The act of blowing up or inflating.
Suffocate	Suffocated; choked.
Suffocated	of Suffocate
Suffocating	of Suffocate
Suffocate	To choke or kill by stopping respiration; to stifle; to smother.
Suffocate	To destroy; to extinguish; as, to suffocate fire.
Suffocate	To become choked, stifled, or smothered.
Suffocating	a. & n. from Suffocate, v.
Suffocation	The act of suffocating, or the state of being suffocated; death caused by smothering or choking.
Suffocative	Tending or able to choke or stifle.
Suffossion	A digging under; an undermining.
Suffragan	Assisting; assistant; as, a suffragan bishop.
Suffragan	An assistant.
Suffragan	A bishop considered as an assistant, or as subject, to his metropolitan; an assistant bishop.
Suffraganship	The office of a suffragan.
Suffragant	Suffragan.
Suffragated	of Suffragate
Suffragating	of Suffragate
Suffragate	To vote or vote with.
Suffragator	One who assists or favors by his vote.
Suffrage	A vote given in deciding a controverted question, or in the choice of a man for an office or trust; the formal expression of an opinion; assent; vote.
Suffrage	Testimony; attestation; witness; approval.
Suffrage	A short petition, as those after the creed in matins and evensong.
Suffrage	A prayer in general, as one offered for the faithful departed.
Suffrage	Aid; assistance.
Suffrage	The right to vote; franchise.
Suffrage	To vote for; to elect.
Sufragette.	A woman who advocates the right to vote for women; a woman suffragist.
Suffraginous	Of or pertaining to the hock of a beast.
Suffragist	One who possesses or exercises the political right of suffrage; a voter.
Suffragist	One who has certain opinions or desires about the political right of suffrage; as, a woman suffragist.
Suffrago	The heel joint.
Suffrance	Sufferance.
Suffrutescent	Slightly woody at the base.
Suffruticose	Woody in the lower part of the stem, but with the yearly branches herbaceous, as sage, thyme, hyssop, and the like.
Suffruticous	Suffruticose.
Suffumigated	of Suffumigate
Suffumigating	of Suffumigate
Suffumigate	To apply fumes or smoke to the parts of, as to the body in medicine; to fumigate in part.
Suffumigation	The operation of suffumigating.
Suffumige	A medical fume.
Suffused	of Suffuse
Suffusing	of Suffuse
Suffuse	To overspread, as with a fluid or tincture; to fill or cover, as with something fluid; as, eyes suffused with tears; cheeks suffused with blushes.
Suffusion	The act or process of suffusing, or state of being suffused; an overspreading.
Suffusion	That with which a thing is suffused.
Suffusion	A blending of one color into another; the spreading of one color over another, as on the feathers of birds.
Sufi	A title or surname of the king of Persia.
Sufi	One of a certain order of religious men in Persia.
Sufism	A refined mysticism among certain classes of Mohammedans, particularly in Persia, who hold to a kind of pantheism and practice extreme asceticism in their lives.
Sug	A kind of worm or larva.
Sugar	A sweet white (or brownish yellow) crystalline substance, of a sandy or granular consistency, obtained by crystallizing the evaporated juice of certain plants, as the sugar cane, sorghum, beet root, sugar maple, etc. It is used for seasoning and preserving many kinds of food and drink. Ordinary sugar is essentially sucrose. See the Note below.
Sugar	By extension, anything resembling sugar in taste or appearance; as, sugar of lead (lead acetate), a poisonous white crystalline substance having a sweet taste.
Sugar	Compliment or flattery used to disguise or render acceptable something obnoxious; honeyed or soothing words.
Sugar	In making maple sugar, to complete the process of boiling down the sirup till it is thick enough to crystallize; to approach or reach the state of granulation; -- with the preposition off.
Sugared	of Sugar
Sugaring	of Sugar
Sugar	To impregnate, season, cover, or sprinkle with sugar; to mix sugar with.
Sugar	To cover with soft words; to disguise by flattery; to compliment; to sweeten; as, to sugar reproof.
Sugared	Sweetened.
Sugared	Also used figuratively; as, sugared kisses.
Sugar-house	A building in which sugar is made or refined; a sugar manufactory.
Sugariness	The quality or state of being sugary, or sweet.
Sugaring	The act of covering or sweetening with sugar; also, the sugar thus used.
Sugaring	The act or process of making sugar.
Sugarless	Without sugar; free from sugar.
Sugarplum	A kind of candy or sweetneat made up in small balls or disks.
Sugary	Resembling or containing sugar; tasting of sugar; sweet.
Sugary	Fond of sugar or sweet things; as, a sugary palate.
Sugescent	Of or pertaining to sucking.
Suggested	of Suggest
Suggesting	of Suggest
Suggest	To introduce indirectly to the thoughts; to cause to be thought of, usually by the agency of other objects.
Suggest	To propose with difference or modesty; to hint; to intimate; as, to suggest a difficulty.
Suggest	To seduce; to prompt to evil; to tempt.
Suggest	To inform secretly.
Suggest	To make suggestions; to tempt.
Suggester	One who suggests.
Suggestion	The act of suggesting; presentation of an idea.
Suggestion	That which is suggested; an intimation; an insinuation; a hint; a different proposal or mention; also, formerly, a secret incitement; temptation.
Suggestion	Charge; complaint; accusation.
Suggestion	Information without oath; an entry of a material fact or circumstance on the record for the information of the court, at the death or insolvency of a party.
Suggestion	The act or power of originating or recalling ideas or relations, distinguished as original and relative; -- a term much used by Scottish metaphysicians from Hutcherson to Thomas Brown.
Suggestive	Containing a suggestion, hint, or intimation.
Suggestment	Suggestion.
Suggestress	A woman who suggests.
Suggil	To defame.
Suggillate	To beat livid, or black and blue.
Suggillation	A livid, or black and blue, mark; a blow; a bruise.
Suicidal	Partaking of, or of the nature of, the crime or suicide.
Suicide	The act of taking one's own life voluntary and intentionally; self-murder; specifically (Law), the felonious killing of one's self; the deliberate and intentional destruction of one's own life by a person of years of discretion and of sound mind.
Suicide	One guilty of self-murder; a felo-de-se.
Suicide	Ruin of one's own interests.
Suicidical	Suicidal.
Suicidism	The quality or state of being suicidal, or self-murdering.
Suicism	Selfishness; egoism.
Sui generis	Of his or its own kind.
Suillage	A drain or collection of filth.
Suilline	Of or pertaining to a hog or the Hog family (Suidae).
Suine	A mixture of oleomargarine with lard or other fatty ingredients. It is used as a substitute for butter. See Butterine.
Suing	The process of soaking through anything.
Suingly	In succession; afterwards.
Suint	A peculiar substance obtained from the wool of sheep, consisting largely of potash mixed with fatty and earthy matters. It is used as a source of potash and also for the manufacture of gas.
Suigothus	The Scandinavian Goths. See the Note under Goths.
Suist	One who seeks for things which gratify merely himself; a selfish person; a selfist.
Suit	The act of following or pursuing, as game; pursuit.
Suit	The act of suing; the process by which one endeavors to gain an end or an object; an attempt to attain a certain result; pursuit; endeavor.
Suit	The act of wooing in love; the solicitation of a woman in marriage; courtship.
Suit	The attempt to gain an end by legal process; an action or process for the recovery of a right or claim; legal application to a court for justice; prosecution of right before any tribunal; as, a civil suit; a criminal suit; a suit in chancery.
Suit	That which follows as a retinue; a company of attendants or followers; the assembly of persons who attend upon a prince, magistrate, or other person of distinction; -- often written suite, and pronounced sw/t.
Suit	Things that follow in a series or succession; the individual objects, collectively considered, which constitute a series, as of rooms, buildings, compositions, etc.; -- often written suite, and pronounced sw/t.
Suit	A number of things used together, and generally necessary to be united in order to answer their purpose; a number of things ordinarily classed or used together; a set; as, a suit of curtains; a suit of armor; a suit of clothes.
Suit	One of the four sets of cards which constitute a pack; -- each set consisting of thirteen cards bearing a particular emblem, as hearts, spades, cubs, or diamonds.
Suit	Regular order; succession.
Suited	of Suit
Suiting	of Suit
Suit	To fit; to adapt; to make proper or suitable; as, to suit the action to the word.
Suit	To be fitted to; to accord with; to become; to befit.
Suit	To dress; to clothe.
Suit	To please; to make content; as, he is well suited with his place; to suit one's taste.
Suit	To agree; to accord; to be fitted; to correspond; -- usually followed by with or to.
Suitability	The quality or state of being suitable; suitableness.
Suitable	Capable of suiting; fitting; accordant; proper; becoming; agreeable; adapted; as, ornaments suitable to one's station; language suitable for the subject.
Suite	A retinue or company of attendants, as of a distinguished personage; as, the suite of an ambassador. See Suit, n., 5.
Suite	A connected series or succession of objects; a number of things used or clessed together; a set; as, a suite of rooms; a suite of minerals. See Suit, n., 6.
Suite	One of the old musical forms, before the time of the more compact sonata, consisting of a string or series of pieces all in the same key, mostly in various dance rhythms, with sometimes an elaborate prelude. Some composers of the present day affect the suite form.
Suiting	Among tailors, cloth suitable for making entire suits of clothes.
Suitor	One who sues, petitions, or entreats; a petitioner; an applicant.
Suitor	Especially, one who solicits a woman in marriage; a wooer; a lover.
Suitor	One who sues or prosecutes a demand in court; a party to a suit, as a plaintiff, petitioner, etc.
Suitor	One who attends a court as plaintiff, defendant, petitioner, appellant, witness, juror, or the like.
Suitress	A female supplicant.
Suji	Indian wheat, granulated but not pulverized; a kind of semolina.
Sula	A genus of sea birds including the booby and the common gannet.
Sulcate	Alt. of Sulcated
Sulcated	Scored with deep and regular furrows; furrowed or grooved; as, a sulcated stem.
Sulcation	A channel or furrow.
Sulciform	Having the form of a sulcus; as, sulciform markings.
Sulci	of Sulcus
Sulcus	A furrow; a groove; a fissure.
Suleah fish	A coarse fish of India, used in making a breakfast relish called burtah.
Sulk	A furrow.
Sulk	To be silently sullen; to be morose or obstinate.
Sulker	One who sulks.
Sulkily	In a sulky manner.
Sulkiness	The quality or state of being sulky; sullenness; moroseness; as, sulkiness of disposition.
Sulks	The condition of being sulky; a sulky mood or humor; as, to be in the sulks.
Sulky	Moodly silent; sullen; sour; obstinate; morose; splenetic.
Sulkies	of Sulky
Sulky	A light two-wheeled carriage for a single person.
Sull	A plow.
Sullage	Drainage of filth; filth collected from the street or highway; sewage.
Sullage	That which sullies or defiles.
Sullage	The scoria on the surface of molten metal in the ladle.
Sullage	Silt; mud deposited by water.
Sullen	Lonely; solitary; desolate.
Sullen	Gloomy; dismal; foreboding.
Sullen	Mischievous; malignant; unpropitious.
Sullen	Gloomily angry and silent; cross; sour; affected with ill humor; morose.
Sullen	Obstinate; intractable.
Sullen	Heavy; dull; sluggish.
Sullen	One who is solitary, or lives alone; a hermit.
Sullen	Sullen feelings or manners; sulks; moroseness; as, to have the sullens.
Sullen	To make sullen or sluggish.
Sullevate	To rouse; to excite.
Sulliage	Foulness; filth.
Sullied	of Sully
Sullying	of Sully
Sully	To soil; to dirty; to spot; to tarnish; to stain; to darken; -- used literally and figuratively; as, to sully a sword; to sully a person's reputation.
Sully	To become soiled or tarnished.
Sullies	of Sully
Sully	Soil; tarnish; stain.
Sulphacid	An acid in which, to a greater or less extent, sulphur plays a part analogous to that of oxygen in an oxyacid; thus, thiosulphuric and sulpharsenic acids are sulphacids; -- called also sulphoacid. See the Note under Acid, n., 2.
Sulphamate	A salt of sulphamic acid.
Sulphamic	Of or pertaining to a sulphamide; derived from, or related to, a sulphamide; specifically, designating an amido acid derivative, NH2.SO2.OH, of sulphuric acid (analogous to sulphonic acid) which is not known in the free state, but is known in its salts.
Sulphamide	Any one of a series of amido compounds obtained by treating sulphuryl chloride with various amines.
Sulphanilic	Of, pertaining to, or designating, an anilene sulphonic acid which is obtained as a white crystalline substance.
Sulphantimonate	A salt of sulphantimonic acid.
Sulphantimonic	Of, pertaining to, or designating, a hypothetical sulphacid of antimony (called also thioantimonic acid) analogous to sulpharsenic acid.
Sulphantimonious	Of, pertaining to, or designating, a hypothetical sulphacid of antimony (called also thioantimonious acid) analogous to sulpharsenious acid.
Sulphantimonite	A salt of sulphantimonious acid.
Sulpharsenate	A salt of sulpharsenic acid.
Sulpharsenic	Of, pertaining to, or designating, a hypothetical sulphacid (called also thioarsenic acid) analogous to arsenic acid, and known only in its salts.
Sulpharsenious	Of, pertaining to, or designating, a hypothetical sulphacid (called also thioarsenious acid) analogous to arsenious acid, and known only in its salts.
Sulpharsenite	A salt of sulpharsenious acid.
Sulphate	A salt of sulphuric acid.
Sulphatic	Of, pertaining to, resembling, or containing, a sulphate or sulphates.
Sulphato-	A combining form (also used adjectively) denoting a sulphate as an ingredient in certain double salts; as, sulphato-carbonate.
Sulphaurate	A salt of sulphauric acid.
Sulphauric	Of, pertaining to, or designating, a hypothetical sulphacid of gold (aurum), known only in its salts.
Sulphide	A binary compound of sulphur, or one so regarded; -- formerly called sulphuret.
Sulphinate	A salt of a sulphinic acid.
Sulphindigotic	Of, pertaining to, or designating, a sulphonic acid obtained, as a blue solution, by dissolving indigo in sulphuric acid; -- formerly called also cerulic sulphuric acid, but properly called indigo-disulphonic acid.
Sulphine	Any one of a series of basic compounds which consist essentially of sulphur united with hydrocarbon radicals. In general they are oily or crystalline deliquescent substances having a peculiar odor; as, trimethyl sulphine, (CH3)3S.OH.  Cf. Sulphonium.
Sulphinic	Of, pertaining to, or designating, any one of a series of acids regarded as acid ethereal salts of hyposulphurous acid; as, methyl sulphinic acid, CH3.SO.OH, a thick unstable liquid.
Sulphinide	A white or yellowish crystalline substance, C6H4.(SO2.CO).NH, produced artificially by the oxidation of a sulphamic derivative of toluene. It is the sweetest substance known, having over two hundred times the sweetening power of sugar, and is known in commerce under the name of saccharine. It has acid properties and forms salts (which are inaccurately called saccharinates).
Sulphion	A hypothetical radical, SO4, regarded as forming the acid or negative constituent of sulphuric acid and the sulphates in electrolytic decomposition; -- so called in accordance with the binary theory of salts.
Sulphionide	A binary compound of sulphion, or one so regarded; thus, sulphuric acid, H/SO/, is a sulphionide.
Sulphite	A salt of sulphurous acid.
Sulpho-	A prefix (also used adjectively) designating sulphur as an ingredient in certain compounds.  Cf. Thio-.
Sulphoarsenic	Of, pertaining to, or containing, sulphur and arsenic; -- said of an acid which is the same as arsenic acid with the substitution of sulphur for oxygen.
Sulphocarbonate	A salt of sulphocarbonic acid; a thiocarbonate.
Sulphocarbonic	Of, pertaining to, or designating, a sulphacid, H2CSO2 (called also thiocarbonic acid), or an acid, H2CS3, analogous to carbonic acid, obtained as a yellow oily liquid of a pungent odor, and forming salts.
Sulphocyanate	A salt of sulphocyanic acid; -- also called thiocyanate, and formerly inaccurately sulphocyanide.
Sulphocyanic	Of, pertaining to, derived from, or designating, a sulphacid, HSCN, analogous to cyanic acid, and obtained as a colorless deliquescent crystalline substance, having a bitter saline taste, and not poisonous.
Sulphocyanide	See Sulphocyanate.
Sulphocyanogen	See Persulphocyanogen.
Sulphonal	A substance employed as a hypnotic, produced by the union of mercaptan and acetone.
Sulphonate	A salt of sulphonic acid.
Sulphone	Any one of a series of compounds analogous to the ketones, and consisting of the sulphuryl group united with two hydrocarbon radicals; as, dimethyl sulphone, (CH/)/.SO/.
Sulphonic	Pertaining to, or derived from, a sulphone; -- used specifically to designate any one of a series of acids (regarded as acid ethereal salts of sulphurous acid) obtained by the oxidation of the mercaptans, or by treating sulphuric acid with certain aromatic bases (as benzene); as, phenyl sulphonic acid, C6H5.SO2.OH, a stable colorless crystalline substance.
Sulphonium	A hypothetical radical, SH3, regarded as the type and nucleus of the sulphines.
Sulphophosphate	A salt of sulphophosphoric acid.
Sulphophosphite	A salt of sulphophosphorous acid.
Sulphophosphoric	Of, pertaining to, or designating, a hypothetical sulphacid of phosphorus, analogous to phosphoric acid, and known in its salts.
Sulphophosphorous	Of, pertaining to, or designating, a hypothetical acid of phosphorus, analogous to phosphorous acid, and known in its salts.
Sulphosalt	A salt of a sulphacid.
Sulphostannate	A salt of sulphostannic acid.
Sulphostannic	Of, pertaining to, or designating, a sulphacid of tin (more exactly called metasulphostannic acid), which is obtained as a dark brown amorphous substance, H/SnS/, forming a well-known series of salts.
Sulphotungstate	A salt of sulphotungstic acid.
Sulphotungstic	Of, pertaining to, or designating, hypothetical sulphacid of tungsten (called also sulphowolframic acid), analogous to sulphuric acid, and known in its salts.
Sulphovinic	Of, pertaining to, and formerly designating, ethylsulphuric acid.
Sulphur	A nonmetallic element occurring naturally in large quantities, either combined as in the sulphides (as pyrites) and sulphates (as gypsum), or native in volcanic regions, in vast beds mixed with gypsum and various earthy materials, from which it is melted out. Symbol S. Atomic weight 32. The specific gravity of ordinary octohedral sulphur is 2.05; of prismatic sulphur, 1.96.
Sulphur	Any one of numerous species of yellow or orange butterflies of the subfamily Pierinae; as, the clouded sulphur (Eurymus, / Colias, philodice), which is the common yellow butterfly of the Eastern United States.
Sulphurate	Sulphureous.
Sulphurated	of Sulphurate
Sulphurating	of Sulphurate
Sulphurate	To sulphurize.
Sulphuration	The act or process of combining or impregnating with sulphur or its compounds; also, the state of being so combined or impregnated.
Sulphurator	An apparatus for impregnating with, or exposing to the action of, sulphur; especially, an apparatus for fumigating or bleaching by means of the fumes of burning sulphur.
Sulphur-bottom	A very large whalebone whale of the genus Sibbaldius, having a yellowish belly; especially, S. sulfureus of the North Pacific, and S. borealis of the North Atlantic; -- called also sulphur whale.
Sulphureity	The quality or state of being sulphureous.
Sulphureous	Consisting of sulphur; having the qualities of sulphur, or brimstone; impregnated with sulphur.
Sulphuret	A sulphide; as, a sulphuret of potassium.
Sulphureted	Combined or impregnated with sulphur; sulphurized.
Sulphuric	Of or pertaining to sulphur; as, a sulphuric smell.
Sulphuric	Derived from, or containing, sulphur; specifically, designating those compounds in which the element has a higher valence as contrasted with the sulphurous compounds; as, sulphuric acid.
Sulphurine	Sulphureous.
Sulphuring	Exposure to the fumes of burning sulphur, as in bleaching; the process of bleaching by exposure to the fumes of sulphur.
Sulphurize	To combine or impregnate with sulphur or any of its compounds; as, to sulphurize caoutchouc in vulcanizing.
Sulphurous	Of or pertaining to sulphur.
Sulphurous	Derived from, or containing, sulphur; specifically, designating those compounds in which the element has a lower valence as contrasted with the sulphuric compounds.
Sulphurous	Having the characteristic odor of sulphur dioxide, or of hydrogen sulphide, or of other sulphur compounds.
Sulphurwort	The hog's fennel. See under Fennel.
Sulphury	Resembling, or partaking of the nature of, sulphur; having the qualities of sulphur.
Sulphuryl	The hypothetical radical SO2; -- called also sulphon.
Sulphydrate	A compound, analogous to a hydrate, regarded as a salt of sulphydric acid, or as a derivative of hydrogen sulphide in which one half of the hydrogen is replaced by a base (as potassium sulphydrate, KSH), or as a hydrate in which the oxygen has been wholly or partially replaced by sulphur.
Sulphydric	Of, pertaining to, or designating, hydrogen sulphide, which is regarded as an acid, especially when in solution.
Sulpician	One of an order of priests established in France in 1642 to educate men for the ministry. The order was introduced soon afterwards into Canada, and in 1791 into the United States.
Sultan	A ruler, or sovereign, of a Mohammedan state; specifically, the ruler of the Turks; the Padishah, or Grand Seignior; -- officially so called.
Sultana	The wife of a sultan; a sultaness.
Sultana	A kind of seedless raisin produced near Smyrna in Asiatic Turkey.
Sultanate	The rule or dominion of a sultan; sultanship.
Sultaness	A sultana.
Sultanic	Pertaining to a sultan.
Sultan-red	Having a deep red color.
Sultanry	The dominions of a sultan.
Sultanship	The office or dignity of a sultan.
Sultany	Sultanry.
Sultryly	In a sultry manner.
Sultriness	The quality or state of being sultry.
Sultry	Very hot, burning, and oppressive; as, Libya's sultry deserts.
Sultry	Very hot and moist, or hot, close, stagnant, and oppressive, as air.
Sum	The aggregate of two or more numbers, magnitudes, quantities, or particulars; the amount or whole of any number of individuals or particulars added together; as, the sum of 5 and 7 is 12.
Sum	A quantity of money or currency; any amount, indefinitely; as, a sum of money; a small sum, or a large sum.
Sum	The principal points or thoughts when viewed together; the amount; the substance; compendium; as, this is the sum of all the evidence in the case; this is the sum and substance of his objections.
Sum	Height; completion; utmost degree.
Sum	A problem to be solved, or an example to be wrought out.
Summed	of Sum
Summing	of Sum
Sum	To bring together into one whole; to collect into one amount; to cast up, as a column of figures; to ascertain the totality of; -- usually with up.
Sum	To bring or collect into a small compass; to comprise in a few words; to condense; -- usually with up.
Sum	To have (the feathers) full grown; to furnish with complete, or full-grown, plumage.
Sumac	Alt. of Sumach
Sumach	Any plant of the genus Rhus, shrubs or small trees with usually compound leaves and clusters of small flowers. Some of the species are used in tanning, some in dyeing, and some in medicine. One, the Japanese Rhus vernicifera, yields the celebrated Japan varnish, or lacquer.
Sumach	The powdered leaves, peduncles, and young branches of certain species of the sumac plant, used in tanning and dyeing.
Sumatran	Of or pertaining to Sumatra or its inhabitants.
Sumatran	A native of Sumatra.
Sumbul	The musky root of an Asiatic umbelliferous plant, Ferula Sumbul. It is used in medicine as a stimulant.
Sumless	Not to be summed up or computed; so great that the amount can not be ascertained; incalculable; inestimable.
Summarily	In a summary manner.
Summarist	One who summarized.
Summarize	To comprise in, or reduce to, a summary; to present briefly.
Summary	Formed into a sum; summed up; reduced into a narrow compass, or into few words; short; brief; concise; compendious; as, a summary statement of facts.
Summary	Hence, rapidly performed; quickly executed; as, a summary process; to take summary vengeance.
Summaries	of Summary
Summary	A general or comprehensive statement; an abridged account; an abstract, abridgment, or compendium, containing the sum or substance of a fuller account.
Summation	The act of summing, or forming a sum, or total amount; also, an aggregate.
Summer	One who sums; one who casts up an account.
Summer	A large stone or beam placed horizontally on columns, piers, posts, or the like, serving for various uses. Specifically: (a) The lintel of a door or window. (b) The commencement of a cross vault. (c) A central floor timber, as a girder, or a piece reaching from a wall to a girder. Called also summertree.
Summer	The season of the year in which the sun shines most directly upon any region; the warmest period of the year.
Summered	of Summer
Summering	of Summer
Summer	To pass the summer; to spend the warm season; as, to summer in Switzerland.
Summer	To keep or carry through the summer; to feed during the summer; as, to summer stock.
Summer-fallow	To plow and work in summer, in order to prepare for wheat or other crop; to plow and let lie fallow.
Summerhouses	of Summerhouse
Summerhouse	A rustic house or apartment in a garden or park, to be used as a pleasure resort in summer.
Summerliness	The quality or state of being like summer.
Summersault	Alt. of Summerset
Summerset	See Somersault, Somerset.
Summerstir	To summer-fallow.
Summertide	Summer time.
Summertree	A summer. See 2d Summer.
Summery	Of or pertaining to summer; like summer; as, a summery day.
Summist	One who sums up; one who forms an abridgment or summary.
Summit	The top; the highest point.
Summit	The highest degree; the utmost elevation; the acme; as, the summit of human fame.
Summit	The most elevated part of a bivalve shell, or the part in which the hinge is situated.
Summitless	Having no summit.
Summity	The height or top of anything.
Summity	The utmost degree; perfection.
Summoned	of Summon
Summoning	of Summon
Summon	To call, bid, or cite; to notify to come to appear; -- often with up.
Summon	To give notice to, or command to appear, as in court; to cite by authority; as, to summon witnesses.
Summon	To call upon to surrender, as a fort.
Summoner	One who summons; one who cites by authority; specifically, a petty officer formerly employed to summon persons to appear in court; an apparitor.
Summonses	of Summons
Summons	The act of summoning; a call by authority, or by the command of a superior, to appear at a place named, or to attend to some duty.
Summons	A warning or citation to appear in court; a written notification signed by the proper officer, to be served on a person, warning him to appear in court at a day specified, to answer to the plaintiff, testify as a witness, or the like.
Summons	A demand to surrender.
Summons	To summon.
Sumner	A summoner.
Sumoom	See Simoom.
Sump	A round pit of stone, lined with clay, for receiving the metal on its first fusion.
Sump	The cistern or reservoir made at the lowest point of a mine, from which is pumped the water which accumulates there.
Sump	A pond of water for salt works.
Sump	A puddle or dirty pool.
Sumph	A dunce; a blockhead.
Sumpitan	A kind of blowgun for discharging arrows, -- used by the savages of Borneo and adjacent islands.
Sumpter	The driver of a pack horse.
Sumpter	A pack; a burden.
Sumpter	An animal, especially a horse, that carries packs or burdens; a baggage horse.
Sumpter	Carrying pack or burdens on the back; as, a sumpter horse; a sumpter mule.
Sumption	A taking.
Sumption	The major premise of a syllogism.
Sumptuary	Relating to expense; regulating expense or expenditure.
Sumptuosity	Expensiveness; costliness; sumptuousness.
Sumptuous	Involving large outlay or expense; costly; expensive; hence, luxurious; splendid; magnificient; as, a sumptuous house or table; sumptuous apparel.
Sun	See Sunn.
Sun	The luminous orb, the light of which constitutes day, and its absence night; the central body round which the earth and planets revolve, by which they are held in their orbits, and from which they receive light and heat. Its mean distance from the earth is about 92,500,000 miles, and its diameter about 860,000.
Sun	Any heavenly body which forms the center of a system of orbs.
Sun	The direct light or warmth of the sun; sunshine.
Sun	That which resembles the sun, as in splendor or importance; any source of light, warmth, or animation.
Sunned	of Sun
Sunning	of Sun
Sun	To expose to the sun's rays; to warm or dry in the sun; as, to sun cloth; to sun grain.
Sunbeam	A beam or ray of the sun.
Sunbird	Any one of numerous species of small brilliantly colored birds of the family Nectariniidae, native of Africa, Southern Asia, the East Indies, and Australia. In external appearance and habits they somewhat resemble humming birds, but they are true singing birds (Oscines).
Sunbird	The sun bittern.
Sunblink	A glimpse or flash of the sun.
Sunbonnet	A bonnet, generally made of some thin or light fabric, projecting beyond the face, and commonly having a cape, -- worn by women as a protection against the sun.
Sunbow	A rainbow; an iris.
Sunburned	of Sunburn
Sunburnt	of Sunburn
Sunburning	of Sunburn
Sunburn	To burn or discolor by the sun; to tan.
Sunburn	The burning or discoloration produced on the skin by the heat of the sun; tan.
Sun-burner	A circle or cluster of gas-burners for lighting and ventilating public buildings.
Sunburning	Sunburn; tan.
Sunburst	A burst of sunlight.
Sundart	Sunbeam.
Sunday	The first day of the week, -- consecrated among Christians to rest from secular employments, and to religious worship; the Christian Sabbath; the Lord's Day.
Sunday	Belonging to the Christian Sabbath.
Sundered	of Sunder
Sundering	of Sunder
Sunder	To disunite in almost any manner, either by rending, cutting, or breaking; to part; to put or keep apart; to separate; to divide; to sever; as, to sunder a rope; to sunder a limb; to sunder friends.
Sunder	To part; to separate.
Sunder	A separation into parts; a division or severance.
Sunder	To expose to the sun and wind.
Sundew	Any plant of the genus Drosera, low bog plants whose leaves are beset with pediceled glands which secrete a viscid fluid that glitters like dewdrops and attracts and detains insects. After an insect is caught, the glands curve inward like tentacles and the leaf digests it. Called also lustwort.
Sundial	An instrument to show the time of day by means of the shadow of a gnomon, or style, on a plate.
Sundog	A luminous spot occasionally seen a few degrees from the sun, supposed to be formed by the intersection of two or more halos, or in a manner similar to that of halos.
Sundown	The setting of the sun; sunset.
Sundown	A kind of broad-brimmed sun hat worn by women.
Sun-dried	Dried by the heat of the sun.
Sundries	Many different or small things; sundry things.
Sundrily	In sundry ways; variously.
Sundry	Several; divers; more than one or two; various.
Sundry	Separate; diverse.
Sundrymen	of Sundryman
Sundryman	One who deals in sundries, or a variety of articles.
Sunfish	A very large oceanic plectognath fish (Mola mola, Mola rotunda, or Orthagoriscus mola) having a broad body and a truncated tail.
Sunfish	Any one of numerous species of perch-like North American fresh-water fishes of the family Centrachidae. They have a broad, compressed body, and strong dorsal spines. Among the common species of the Eastern United States are Lepomis gibbosus (called also bream, pondfish, pumpkin seed, and sunny), the blue sunfish, or dollardee (L. pallidus), and the long-eared sunfish (L. auritus). Several of the species are called also pondfish.
Sunfish	The moonfish, or bluntnosed shiner.
Sunfish	The opah.
Sunfish	The basking, or liver, shark.
Sunfish	Any large jellyfish.
Sunflower	Any plant of the genus Helianthus; -- so called probably from the form and color of its flower, which is large disk with yellow rays. The commonly cultivated sunflower is Helianthus annuus, a native of America.
Sung	imp. & p. p. of Sing.
Sunglasses	of Sunglass
Sunglass	A convex lens of glass for producing heat by converging the sun's rays into a focus.
Sunglow	A rosy flush in the sky seen after sunset.
Sunk	imp. & p. p. of Sink.
Sunken	Lying on the bottom of a river or other water; sunk.
Sunless	Destitute or deprived of the sun or its rays; shaded; shadowed.
Sunlight	The light of the sun.
Sunlike	Like or resembling the sun.
Sunlit	Lighted by the sun.
Sunn	An East Indian leguminous plant (Crotalaria juncea) and its fiber, which is also called sunn hemp.
Sunna	A collection of traditions received by the orthodox Mohammedans as of equal authority with the Koran.
Sunniah	One of the sect of Sunnites.
Sunniness	The quality or state of being sunny.
Sunnite	One of the orthodox Mohammedans who receive the Sunna as of equal importance with the Koran.
Sunnud	A charter or warrant; also, a deed of gift.
Sunny	Of or pertaining to the sun; proceeding from, or resembling the sun; hence, shining; bright; brilliant; radiant.
Sunny	Exposed to the rays of the sun; brightened or warmed by the direct rays of the sun; as, a sunny room; the sunny side of a hill.
Sunny	Cheerful; genial; as, a sunny disposition.
Sunny	See Sunfish (b).
Sunproof	Impervious to the rays of the sun.
Sunrise	Alt. of Sunrising
Sunrising	The first appearance of the sun above the horizon in the morning; more generally, the time of such appearance, whether in fair or cloudy weather; as, to begin work at sunrise.
Sunrising	Hence, the region where the sun rises; the east.
Sunset	Alt. of Sunsetting
Sunsetting	The descent of the sun below the horizon; also, the time when the sun sets; evening. Also used figuratively.
Sunsetting	Hence, the region where the sun sets; the west.
Sunshade	Anything used as a protection from the sun's rays.
Sunshade	A small parasol.
Sunshade	An awning.
Sunshine	The light of the sun, or the place where it shines; the direct rays of the sun, the place where they fall, or the warmth and light which they give.
Sunshine	Anything which has a warming and cheering influence like that of the rays of the sun; warmth; illumination; brightness.
Sunshine	Sunshiny; bright.
Sunshiny	Bright with the rays of the sun; clear, warm, or pleasant; as, a sunshiny day.
Sunshiny	Bright like the sun; resplendent.
Sunshiny	Beaming with good spirits; cheerful.
Sunsquall	Any large jellyfish.
Sun star	See Sun star, under Sun.
Sunsted	Solstice.
Sunstone	Aventurine feldspar. See under Aventurine.
Sunstroke	Any affection produced by the action of the sun on some part of the body; especially, a sudden prostration of the physical powers, with symptoms resembling those of apoplexy, occasioned by exposure to excessive heat, and often terminating fatally; coup de soleil.
Sun-struck	Overcome by, or affected with, sunstroke; as, sun-struck soldiers.
Sunup	Sunrise.
Sunward	Toward the sun.
Sunwise	In the direction of the sun's apparent motion, or from the east southward and westward, and so around the circle; also, in the same direction as the movement of the hands of a watch lying face upward.
Supped	of Sup
Supping	of Sup
Sup	To take into the mouth with the lips, as a liquid; to take or drink by a little at a time; to sip.
Sup	A small mouthful, as of liquor or broth; a little taken with the lips; a sip.
Sup	To eat the evening meal; to take supper.
Sup	To treat with supper.
Supawn	Boiled Indian meal; hasty pudding; mush.
Supe	A super.
Super-	A prefix signifying above, over, beyond, and hence often denoting in a superior position, in excess, over and above, in addition, exceedingly; as in superimpose, supersede, supernatural, superabundance.
Super-	A prefix formerly much used to denote that the ingredient to the name of which it was prefixed was present in a large, or unusually large, proportion as compared with the other ingredients; as in calcium superphosphate. It has been superseded by per-, bi-, di-, acid, etc. (as peroxide, bicarbonate, disulphide, and acid sulphate), which retain the old meanings of super-, but with sharper definition.  Cf. Acid, a., Bi-, Di-, and Per-.
Super	A contraction of Supernumerary, in sense  2.
Superable	Capable of being overcome or conquered; surmountable.
Superabound	To be very abundant or exuberant; to be more than sufficient; as, the country superabounds with corn.
Superabundance	The quality or state of being superabundant; a superabundant quantity; redundancy; excess.
Superabundant	Abounding to excess; being more than is sufficient; redundant; as, superabundant zeal.
Superacidulated	Acidulated to excess.
Superadded	of Superadd
Superadding	of Superadd
Superadd	To add over and above; to add to what has been added; to annex, as something extrinsic.
Superaddition	The act of adding something in excess or something extraneous; also, something which is added in excess or extraneously.
Superadvenient	Coming upon; coming in addition to, or in assistance of, something.
Superalimentation	The act of overfeeding, or making one take food in excess of the natural appetite for it.
Superaltar	A raised shelf or stand on the back of an altar, on which different objects can be placed; a predella or gradino.
Superangelic	Superior to the angels in nature or rank.
Superannuated	of Superannuate
Superannuating	of Superannuate
Superannuate	To impair or disquality on account of age or infirmity.
Superannuate	To give a pension to, on account of old age or other infirmity; to cause to retire from service on a pension.
Superannuate	To last beyond the year; -- said of annual plants.
Superannuation	The state of being superannuated, or too old for office or business; the state of being disqualified by old age; decrepitude.
Superb	Grand; magnificent; august; stately; as, a superb edifice; a superb colonnade.
Superb	Rich; elegant; as, superb furniture or decorations.
Superb	Showy; excellent; grand; as, a superb exhibition.
Superbiate	To make (a person) haughty.
Supercarbonate	A bicarbonate.
Supercarbureted	Bicarbureted.
Supercargo	An officer or person in a merchant ship, whose duty is to manage the sales, and superintend the commercial concerns, of the voyage.
Supercarpal	Situated above, or in the upper part of, the carpus.
Supercelestial	Situated above the firmament, or great vault of heaven.
Supercelestial	Higher than celestial; superangelic.
Supercharged	of Supercharge
Supercharging	of Supercharge
Supercharge	To charge (a bearing) upon another bearing; as, to supercharge a rose upon a fess.
Supercharge	A bearing charged upon another bearing.
Superchemical	Above or beyond chemistry; inexplicable by chemical laws.
Superchery	Deceit; fraud; imposition.
Superciliary	Of or pertaining to the eyebrows; supraorbital.
Superciliary	Having a distinct streak of color above the eyes; as, the superciliary woodpecker.
Supercilious	Lofty with pride; haughty; dictatorial; overbearing; arrogant; as, a supercilious officer; asupercilious air; supercilious behavior.
Supercilium	The eyebrow, or the region of the eyebrows.
Supercolumniation	The putting of one order above another; also, an architectural work produced by this method; as, the putting of the Doric order in the ground story, Ionic above it, and Corinthian or Composite above this.
Superconception	Superfetation.
Superconsequence	Remote consequence.
Supercrescence	That which grows upon another growing thing; a parasite.
Supercrescent	Growing on some other growing thing.
Supercretaceous	Same as Supracretaceous.
Supercurious	Excessively curious or inquisitive.
Superdominant	The sixth tone of the scale; that next above the dominant; -- called also submediant.
Supereminence	Alt. of Supereminency
Supereminency	The quality or state of being supereminent; distinguished eminence; as, the supereminence of Cicero as an orator, or Lord Chatham as a statesman.
Supereminent	Eminent in a superior degree; surpassing others in excellence; as, a supereminent divine; the supereminent glory of Christ.
Supererogant	Supererogatory.
Supererogated	of Supererogate
Supererogating	of Supererogate
Supererogate	To do more than duty requires; to perform works of supererogation; to atone (for a dificiency in another) by means of a surplus action or quality.
Supererogation	The act of supererogating; performance of more than duty or necessity requires.
Supererogative	Supererogatory.
Supererogatory	Performed to an extent not enjoined, or not required, by duty or necessity; as, supererogatory services.
Superessential	Essential above others, or above the constitution of a thing.
Superethical	More than ethical; above ethics.
Superexalted	of Superexalt
Superexalting	of Superexalt
Superexalt	To exalt to a superior degree; to exalt above others.
Superexaltation	Elevation above the common degree.
Superexcellence	Superior excellence; extraordinary excellence.
Superexcellent	Excellent in an uncommon degree; very excellent.
Superexcination	Excessive, or more than normal, excitation.
Superexcrescence	Something growing superfluously.
Superfamily	A group intermediate between a family and a suborder.
Superfecundation	Fertilization of two ova, at the same menstruation, by two different acts of coition.
Superfecundity	Superabundant fecundity or multiplication of the species.
Superfetate	To conceive after a prior conception, but before the birth of the offspring.
Superfetation	The formation of a fetus at the result of an impregnation occurring after another impregnation but before the birth of the offspring produced by it. This is possible only when there is a double uterus, or where menstruation persists up to the time of the second impregnation.
Superfete	To superfetate.
Superfete	To conceive (another fetus) after a former conception.
Superfice	A superficies.
Superficial	Of or pertaining to the superficies, or surface; lying on the surface; shallow; not deep; as, a superficial color; a superficial covering; superficial measure or contents; superficial tillage.
Superficial	Reaching or comprehending only what is obvious or apparent; not deep or profound; shallow; -- said especially in respect to study, learning, and the like; as, a superficial scholar; superficial knowledge.
Superficialist	One who attends to anything superficially; a superficial or shallow person; a sciolist; a smatterer.
Superficiality	The quality or state of being superficial; also, that which is superficial.
Superficialize	To attend to, or to treat, superficially, or in a shallow or slighting way.
Superficiary	One to whom a right of surface occupation is granted; one who pays quitrent for a house built upon another man's ground.
Superficiary	Of or pertaining to the superficies, or surface; superficial.
Superficiary	Situated or built on another man's land, as a house.
Superficies	The surface; the exterior part, superficial area, or face of a thing.
Superficies	Everything on the surface of a piece of ground, or of a building, so closely connected by art or nature as to constitute a part of it, as houses, or other superstructures, fences, trees, vines, etc.
Superficies	A real right consisting of a grant by a landed proprietor of a piece of ground, bearing a strong resemblance to the long building leases granted by landholders in England, in consideration of a rent, and under reservation of the ownership of the soil.
Superfine	Very fine, or most fine; being of surpassing fineness; of extra nice or fine quality; as, superfine cloth.
Superfine	Excessively fine; too nice; over particular; as, superfine distinctions; superfine tastes.
Superfineness	The state of being superfine.
Superfinical	Extremely finical.
Superfluence	Superfluity.
Superfluitant	Floating above or on the surface.
Superfluities	of Superfluity
Superfluity	A greater quantity than is wanted; superabundance; as, a superfluity of water; a superfluity of wealth.
Superfluity	The state or quality of being superfluous; excess.
Superfluity	Something beyond what is needed; something which serves for show or luxury.
Superfluous	More than is wanted or is sufficient; rendered unnecessary by superabundance; unnecessary; useless; excessive; as, a superfluous price.
Superflux	Superabundance; superfluity; an overflowing.
Superfoetation	Superfetation.
Superfoliation	Excess of foliation.
Superfrontal	A cloth which is placed over the top of an altar, and often hangs down a few inches over the frontal.
Superfuse	To pour (something) over or on something else.
Superheated	of Superheat
Superheating	of Superheat
Superheat	To heat too much, to overheat; as, to superheat an oven.
Superheat	To heat, as steam, apart from contact with water, until it resembles a perfect gas.
Superheat	The increase of temperature communicated to steam by superheating it.
Superheater	An apparatus for superheating steam.
Superhive	A removable upper part of a hive. The word is sometimes contracted to super.
Superhuman	Above or beyond what is human; sometimes, divine; as, superhuman strength; superhuman wisdom.
Superimposed	of Superimpose
Superimposing	of Superimpose
Superimpose	To lay or impose on something else; as, a stratum of earth superimposed on another stratum.
Superinpregnation	The act of impregnating, or the state of being impregnated, in addition to a prior impregnation; superfetation.
Superincumbence	Alt. of Superincumbency
Superincumbency	The quality or state of being superincumbent.
Superincumbent	Lying or resting on something else.
Superinduced	of Superinduce
Superinducing	of Superinduce
Superinduce	To bring in, or upon, as an addition to something.
Superinducement	Superinduction.
Superinduction	The act of superinducing, or the state of being superinduced.
Superinfuse	To infuse over.
Superinjection	An injection succeeding another.
Superinspect	To over see; to superintend by inspection.
Superinstitution	One institution upon another, as when A is instituted and admitted to a benefice upon a title, and B instituted and admitted upon the presentation of another.
Superintellectual	Being above intellect.
Superintended	of Superintend
Superintending	of Superintend
Superintend	To have or exercise the charge and oversight of; to oversee with the power of direction; to take care of with authority; to supervise; as, an officer superintends the building of a ship or the construction of a fort.
Superintendence	The act of superintending; care and oversight for the purpose of direction; supervision.
-cies	of Superintendency
Superintendency	The act of superintending; superintendence.
Superintendent	Overseeing; superintending.
Superintendent	One who has the oversight and charge of some place, institution, or organization, affairs, etc., with the power of direction; as, the superintendent of an almshouse; the superintendent of public works.
Superintender	A superintendent.
Superinvestiture	An outer vestment or garment.
Superior	More elevated in place or position; higher; upper; as, the superior limb of the sun; the superior part of an image.
Superior	Higher in rank or office; more exalted in dignity; as, a superior officer; a superior degree of nobility.
Superior	Higher or greater in excellence; surpassing others in the greatness, or value of any quality; greater in quality or degree; as, a man of superior merit; or of superior bravery.
Superior	Beyond the power or influence of; too great or firm to be subdued or affected by; -- with to.
Superior	More comprehensive; as a term in classification; as, a genus is superior to a species.
Superior	Above the ovary; -- said of parts of the flower which, although normally below the ovary, adhere to it, and so appear to originate from its upper part; also of an ovary when the other floral organs are plainly below it in position, and free from it.
Superior	Belonging to the part of an axillary flower which is toward the main stem; posterior.
Superior	Pointing toward the apex of the fruit; ascending; -- said of the radicle.
Superior	One who is above, or surpasses, another in rank, station, office, age, ability, or merit; one who surpasses in what is desirable; as, Addison has no superior as a writer of pure English.
Superior	The head of a monastery, convent, abbey, or the like.
Superioress	A woman who acts as chief in a convent, abbey, or nunnery; a lady superior.
Superiority	The quality, state, or condition of being superior; as, superiority of rank; superiority in merit.
Superiorly	In a superior position or manner.
Superjacent	Situated immediately above; as, superjacent rocks.
Superlation	Exaltation of anything beyond truth or propriety.
Superlative	Lifted up to the highest degree; most eminent; surpassing all other; supreme; as, superlative wisdom or prudence; a woman of superlative beauty; the superlative glory of the divine character.
Superlative	Expressing the highest or lowest degree of the quality, manner, etc., denoted by an adjective or an adverb. The superlative degree is formed from the positive by the use of -est, most, or least; as, highest, most pleasant, least bright.
Superlative	That which is highest or most eminent; the utmost degree.
Superlative	The superlative degree of adjectives and adverbs; also, a form or word by which the superlative degree is expressed; as, strongest, wisest, most stormy, least windy, are all superlatives.
Superlucration	Excessive or extraordinary gain.
Superlunar	Alt. of Superlunary
Superlunary	Being above the moon; not belonging to this world; -- opposed to sublunary.
Supermaterial	Being above, or superior to, matter.
Supermaxilla	The supermaxilla.
Supermaxillary	Supermaxillary.
Supermedial	Above the middle.
Supermundane	Being above the world; -- opposed to inframundane.
Supermundial	Supermundane.
Supernacular	Like supernaculum; first-rate; as, a supernacular wine.
Supernaculum	A kind of mock Latin term intended to mean, upon the nail; -- used formerly by topers.
Supernaculum	Good liquor, of which not enough is left to wet one's nail.
Supernal	Being in a higher place or region; locally higher; as, the supernal orbs; supernal regions.
Supernal	Relating or belonging to things above; celestial; heavenly; as, supernal grace.
Supernatant	Swimming above; floating on the surface; as, oil supernatant on water.
Supernatant	The liquid remaining after solids suspended in the liquid have been sedimented by gravity or by centrifugation.  Contrasted with the solid sediment, or (in centrifugation) the pellet.
Supernatation	The act of floating on the surface of a fluid.
Supernatural	Being beyond, or exceeding, the power or laws of nature; miraculous.
Supernaturalism	The quality or state of being supernatural; supernaturalness.
Supernaturalism	The doctrine of a divine and supernatural agency in the production of the miracles and revelations recorded in the Bible, and in the grace which renews and sanctifies men, -- in opposition to the doctrine which denies the agency of any other than physical or natural causes in the case.
Supernaturalist	One who holds to the principles of supernaturalism.
Supernaturalistic	Of or pertaining to supernaturalism.
Supernaturality	The quality or state of being supernatural.
Supernaturalize	To treat or regard as supernatural.
Supernaturally	In a supernatural manner.
Supernaturalness	The quality or state of being supernatural.
Supernumerary	Exceeding the number stated or prescribed; as, a supernumerary officer in a regiment.
Supernumerary	Exceeding a necessary, usual, or required number or quality; superfluous; as, supernumerary addresses; supernumerary expense.
Supernumeraries	of Supernumerary
Supernumerary	A person or thing beyond the number stated.
Supernumerary	A person or thing beyond what is necessary or usual; especially, a person employed not for regular service, but only to fill the place of another in case of need; specifically, in theaters, a person who is not a regular actor, but is employed to appear in a stage spectacle.
Superoccipital	Supraoccipital.
Superorder	A group intermediate in importance between an order and a subclass.
Superordination	The ordination of a person to fill a station already occupied; especially, the ordination by an ecclesiastical official, during his lifetime, of his successor.
Superoxide	See Peroxide.
Superparticular	Of or pertaining to a ratio when the excess of the greater term over the less is a unit, as the ratio of 1 to 2, or of 3 to 4.
Superpartient	Of or pertaining to a ratio when the excess of the greater term over the less is more than a unit, as that of 3 to 5, or 7 to 10.
Superphosphate	An acid phosphate.
Superphysical	Above or beyond physics; not explainable by physical laws.
Superplant	A plant growing on another, as the mistletoe; an epiphyte.
Superplease	To please exceedingly.
Superplus	Surplus.
Superplusage	Surplusage.
Superpolitic	More than politic; above or exceeding policy.
Superponderate	To wiegh over and above.
Superposable	Capable of being superposed, as one figure upon another.
Superposed	of Superpose
Superposing	of Superpose
Superpose	To lay upon, as one kind of rock on another.
Superpose	To lay (a figure) upon another in such a manner that all the parts of the one coincide with the parts of the other; as, to superpose one plane figure on another.
Superposition	The act of superposing, or the state of being superposed; as, the superposition of rocks; the superposition of one plane figure on another, in geometry.
Superpraise	To praise to excess.
Superproportion	Overplus or excess of proportion.
Superpurgation	Excessive purgation.
Superreflection	The reflection of a reflected image or sound.
Superregal	More than regal; worthy of one greater than a king.
Superreward	To reward to an excessive degree.
Superroyal	Larger than royal; -- said of a particular size of printing and writing paper. See the Note under Paper, n.
Supersacral	Situated over, or on the dorsal side of, the sacrum.
Supersaliency	The act of leaping on anything.
Supersalient	Leaping upon.
Supersalt	An acid salt. See Acid salt (a), under Salt, n.
Supersaturate	To add to beyond saturation; as, to supersaturate a solution.
Supersaturation	The operation of supersaturating, or the state of being supersaturated.
Superscribed	of Superscribe
Superscribing	of Superscribe
Superscribe	To write or engrave (a name, address, inscription, or the like) on the top or surface; to write a name, address, or the like, on the outside or cover of (anything); as, to superscribe a letter.
Superscript	Superscription.
Superscription	The act of superscribing.
Superscription	That which is written or engraved on the surface, outside, or above something else; specifically, an address on a letter, envelope, or the like.
Superscription	That part of a prescription which contains the Latin word recipe (Take) or the sign /.
Supersecular	Being above the world, or secular things.
Superseded	of Supersede
Superseding	of Supersede
Supersede	To come, or be placed, in the room of; to replace.
Supersede	To displace, or set aside, and put another in place of; as, to supersede an officer.
Supersede	To make void, inefficacious, or useless, by superior power, or by coming in the place of; to set aside; to render unnecessary; to suspend; to stay.
Supersede	To omit; to forbear.
Supersedeas	A writ of command to suspend the powers of an officer in certain cases, or to stay proceedings under another writ.
Supersedure	The act of superseding, or setting aside; supersession; as, the supersedure of trial by jury.
Superseminate	To sow, as seed, over something previously sown.
Supersemination	The sowing of seed over seed previously sown.
Supersensible	Beyond the reach of the senses; above the natural powers of perception.
Supersensitive	Excessively sensitive; morbidly sensitive.
Supersensual	Supersensible.
Supersensuous	Supersensible.
Supersensuous	Excessively sensuous.
Superserviceable	Overofficious; doing more than is required or desired.
Supersession	The act of superseding, or the state of being superseded; supersedure.
Supersolar	Above the sun.
Supersphenoidal	Situated above, or on the dorsal side of, the body of the sphenoid bone.
Superspinous	Supraspinuos.
Superstition	An excessive reverence for, or fear of, that which is unknown or mysterious.
Superstition	An ignorant or irrational worship of the Supreme Deity; excessive exactness or rigor in religious opinions or practice; extreme and unnecessary scruples in the observance of religious rites not commanded, or of points of minor importance; also, a rite or practice proceeding from excess of sculptures in religion.
Superstition	The worship of a false god or gods; false religion; religious veneration for objects.
Superstition	Belief in the direct agency of superior powers in certain extraordinary or singular events, or in magic, omens, prognostics, or the like.
Superstition	Excessive nicety; scrupulous exactness.
Superstitionist	One addicted to superstition.
Superstitious	Of or pertaining to superstition; proceeding from, or manifesting, superstition; as, superstitious rites; superstitious observances.
Superstitious	Evincing superstition; overscrupulous and rigid in religious observances; addicted to superstition; full of idle fancies and scruples in regard to religion.
Superstitious	Overexact; scrupulous beyond need.
Superstrain	To overstrain.
Superstrata	of Superstatum
Superstatum	A stratum, or layer, above another.
Superstruct	To build over or upon another structure; to erect upon a foundation.
Superstruction	The act of superstructing, or building upon.
Superstruction	That which id superstructed, or built upon some foundation; an edifice; a superstructure.
Superstructive	Built or erected on something else.
Superstructor	One who builds a superstructure.
Superstructure	Any material structure or edifice built on something else; that which is raised on a foundation or basis
Superstructure	all that part of a building above the basement. Also used figuratively.
Superstructure	The sleepers, and fastenings, in distinction from the roadbed.
Supersubstantial	More than substantial; spiritual.
Supersubtle	To subtle.
Supersulphate	An acid sulphate.
Supersulphureted	Supersulphurized.
Supersulphurize	To impregnate or combine with an excess of sulphur.
Supertemporal	That which is more than temporal; that which is eternal.
Superterranean	Being above ground.
Superterrene	Being above ground, or above the earth.
Superterrestrial	Being above the earth, or above what belongs to the earth.
Supertonic	The note next above the keynote; the second of the scale.
Supertragical	Tragical to excess.
Supertuberation	The production of young tubers, as potatoes, from the old while still growing.
Supervacaneous	Serving no purpose; superfluous; needless.
Supervened	of Supervene
Supervening	of Supervene
Supervene	To come as something additional or extraneous; to occur with reference or relation to something else; to happen upon or after something else; to be added; to take place; to happen.
Supervenient	Coming as something additional or extraneous; coming afterwards.
Supervention	The act of supervening.
Supervisal	Supervision.
Supervised	of Supervise
Supervising	of Supervise
Supervise	To oversee for direction; to superintend; to inspect with authority; as, to supervise the construction of a steam engine, or the printing of a book.
Supervise	To look over so as to read; to peruse.
Supervise	Supervision; inspection.
Supervision	The act of overseeing; inspection; superintendence; oversight.
Supervisive	Supervisory.
Supervisor	One who supervises; an overseer; an inspector; a superintendent; as, a supervisor of schools.
Supervisor	A spectator; a looker-on.
Supervisory	Of or pertaining to supervision; as, supervisory powers.
Supervive	To survive; to outlive.
Supervolute	Having a plainted and convolute arrangement in the bud, as in the morning-glory.
Supination	The act of turning the hand palm upward; also, position of the hand with the palm upward.
Supination	The act or state of lying with the face upward. Opposed to pronation.
Supinator	A muscle which produces the motion of supination.
Supine	Lying on the back, or with the face upward; -- opposed to prone.
Supine	Leaning backward, or inclining with exposure to the sun; sloping; inclined.
Supine	Negligent; heedless; indolent; listless.
Supine	A verbal noun; or (according to C.F.Becker), a case of the infinitive mood ending in -um and -u, that in -um being sometimes called the former supine, and that in -u the latter supine.
Supinity	Supineness.
Suppage	What may be supped; pottage.
Suppalpation	The act of enticing by soft words; enticement.
Supparasitation	The act of flattering to gain favor; servile approbation.
Supparasite	To flatter; to cajole; to act the parasite.
Suppawn	See Supawn.
Suppedaneous	Being under the feet.
Suppeditate	To supply; to furnish.
Suppeditation	Supply; aid afforded.
Supper	A meal taken at the close of the day; the evening meal.
Supper	To take supper; to sup.
Supper	To supply with supper.
Supperless	Having no supper; deprived of supper; as, to go supperless to bed.
Supping	The act of one who sups; the act of taking supper.
Supping	That which is supped; broth.
Supplace	To replace.
Supplanted	of Supplant
Supplanting	of Supplant
Supplant	To trip up.
Supplant	To remove or displace by stratagem; to displace and take the place of; to supersede; as, a rival supplants another in the favor of a mistress or a prince.
Supplant	To overthrow, undermine, or force away, in order to get a substitute in place of.
Supplantation	The act of supplanting or displacing.
Supplanter	One who supplants.
Supple	Pliant; flexible; easily bent; as, supple joints; supple fingers.
Supple	Yielding compliant; not obstinate; submissive to guidance; as, a supple horse.
Supple	Bending to the humor of others; flattering; fawning; obsequious.
Suppled	of Supple
Suppling	of Supple
Supple	To make soft and pliant; to render flexible; as, to supple leather.
Supple	To make compliant, submissive, or obedient.
Supple	To become soft and pliant.
Supple-chapped	Having a limber tongue.
Supple-jack	A climbing shrub (Berchemia volubilus) of the Southern United States, having a tough and pliable stem.
Supple-jack	A somewhat similar tropical American plant (Paullinia Curassavica); also, a walking stick made from its stem.
Supplely	In a supple manner; softly; pliantly; mildly.
Supplement	That which supplies a deficiency, or meets a want; a store; a supply.
Supplement	That which fills up, completes, or makes an addition to, something already organized, arranged, or set apart; specifically, a part added to, or issued as a continuation of, a book or paper, to make good its deficiencies or correct its errors.
Supplement	The number of degrees which, if added to a specified arc, make it 180; the quantity by which an arc or an angle falls short of 180 degrees, or an arc falls short of a semicircle.
Supplemented	of Supplement
Supplementing	of Supplement
Supplement	To fill up or supply by addition; to add something to.
Supplemental	Alt. of Supplementary
Supplementary	Added to supply what is wanted; additional; being, or serving as, a supplement; as, a supplemental law; a supplementary sheet or volume.
Supplementation	The act of supplementing.
Suppleness	The quality or state of being supple; flexibility; pliableness; pliancy.
Suppletive	Alt. of Suppletory
Suppletory	Supplying deficiencies; supplementary; as, a suppletory oath.
Suppletories	of Suppletory
Suppletory	That which is to supply what is wanted.
Supplial	The act of supplying; a supply.
Suppliance	That which supplies a want; assistance; a gratification; satisfaction.
Suppliance	Supplication; entreaty.
Suppliant	Asking earnestly and submissively; entreating; beseeching; supplicating.
Suppliant	Manifesting entreaty; expressive of supplication.
Suppliant	One who supplicates; a humble petitioner; one who entreats submissively.
Supplicancy	Supplication.
Supplicant	Entreating; asking submissively.
Supplicant	One who supplicates; a suppliant.
Supplicat	A petition; esp., a written one, with a certificate that the conditions have been complied with.
Supplicated	of Supplicate
Supplicating	of Supplicate
Supplicate	To entreat for; to seek by earnest prayer; to ask for earnestly and humbly; as, to supplicate blessings on Christian efforts to spread the gospel.
Supplicate	To address in prayer; to entreat as a supplicant; as, to supplicate the Deity.
Supplicate	To make petition with earnestness and submission; to implore.
Supplicatingly	In a supplicating manner.
Supplication	The act of supplicating; humble and earnest prayer, as in worship.
Supplication	A humble petition; an earnest request; an entreaty.
Supplication	A religious solemnity observed in consequence of some military success, and also, in times of distress and danger, to avert the anger of the gods.
Supplicator	One who supplicates; a supplicant.
Supplicatory	Containing supplication; humble; earnest.
Supplier	One who supplies.
Supplied	of Supply
Supplying	of Supply
Supply	To fill up, or keep full; to furnish with what is wanted; to afford, or furnish with, a sufficiency; as, rivers are supplied by smaller streams; an aqueduct supplies an artificial lake; -- often followed by with before the thing furnished; as, to supply a furnace with fuel; to supply soldiers with ammunition.
Supply	To serve instead of; to take the place of.
Supply	To fill temporarily; to serve as substitute for another in, as a vacant place or office; to occupy; to have possession of; as, to supply a pulpit.
Supply	To give; to bring or furnish; to provide; as, to supply money for the war.
Supplies	of Supply
Supply	The act of supplying; supplial.
Supply	That which supplies a want; sufficiency of things for use or want.
Supply	Auxiliary troops or reenforcements.
Supply	The food, and the like, which meets the daily necessities of an army or other large body of men; store; -- used chiefly in the plural; as, the army was discontented for lack of supplies.
Supply	An amount of money provided, as by Parliament or Congress, to meet the annual national expenditures; generally in the plural; as, to vote supplies.
Supply	A person who fills a place for a time; one who supplies the place of another; a substitute; esp., a clergyman who supplies a vacant pulpit.
Supply	Serving to contain, deliver, or regulate a supply of anything; as, a supply tank or valve.
Supplyant	Supplying or aiding; auxiliary; suppletory.
Supplyment	A supplying or furnishing; supply.
Supported	of Support
Supporting	of Support
Support	To bear by being under; to keep from falling; to uphold; to sustain, in a literal or physical sense; to prop up; to bear the weight of; as, a pillar supports a structure; an abutment supports an arch; the trunk of a tree supports the branches.
Support	To endure without being overcome, exhausted, or changed in character; to sustain; as, to support pain, distress, or misfortunes.
Support	To keep from failing or sinking; to solace under affictive circumstances; to assist; to encourage; to defend; as, to support the courage or spirits.
Support	To assume and carry successfully, as the part of an actor; to represent or act; to sustain; as, to support the character of King Lear.
Support	To furnish with the means of sustenance or livelihood; to maintain; to provide for; as, to support a family; to support the ministers of the gospel.
Support	To carry on; to enable to continue; to maintain; as, to support a war or a contest; to support an argument or a debate.
Support	To verify; to make good; to substantiate; to establish; to sustain; as, the testimony is not sufficient to support the charges; the evidence will not support the statements or allegations.
Support	To vindicate; to maintain; to defend successfully; as, to be able to support one's own cause.
Support	To uphold by aid or countenance; to aid; to help; to back up; as, to support a friend or a party; to support the present administration.
Support	A attend as an honorary assistant; as, a chairman supported by a vice chairman; O'Connell left the prison, supported by his two sons.
Support	The act, state, or operation of supporting, upholding, or sustaining.
Support	That which upholds, sustains, or keeps from falling, as a prop, a pillar, or a foundation of any kind.
Support	That which maintains or preserves from being overcome, falling, yielding, sinking, giving way, or the like; subsistence; maintenance; assistance; reenforcement; as, he gave his family a good support, the support of national credit; the assaulting column had the support of a battery.
Supportable	Capable of being supported, maintained, or endured; endurable.
Supportance	Support.
Supportation	Maintenance; support.
Supporter	One who, or that which, supports; as, oxygen is a supporter of life.
Supporter	Especially, an adherent; one who sustains, advocates, and defends; as, the supporter of a party, faction, or candidate.
Supporter	A knee placed under the cathead.
Supporter	A figure, sometimes of a man, but commonly of some animal, placed on either side of an escutcheon, and exterior to it. Usually, both supporters of an escutcheon are similar figures.
Supporter	A broad band or truss for supporting the abdomen or some other part or organ.
Supportful	Abounding with support.
Supportless	Having no support.
Supportment	Support.
Supportress	A female supporter.
Supposable	Capable of being supposed, or imagined to exist; as, that is not a supposable case.
Supposal	The act of supposing; also, that which is supposed; supposition; opinion.
Supposed	of Suppose
Supposing	of Suppose
Suppose	To represent to one's self, or state to another, not as true or real, but as if so, and with a view to some consequence or application which the reality would involve or admit of; to imagine or admit to exist, for the sake of argument or illustration; to assume to be true; as, let us suppose the earth to be the center of the system, what would be the result?
Suppose	To imagine; to believe; to receive as true.
Suppose	To require to exist or to be true; to imply by the laws of thought or of nature; as, purpose supposes foresight.
Suppose	To put by fraud in the place of another.
Suppose	To make supposition; to think; to be of opinion.
Suppose	Supposition.
Supposeer	One who supposes.
Supposition	The act of supposing, laying down, imagining, or considering as true or existing, what is known not to be true, or what is not proved.
Supposition	That which is supposed; hypothesis; conjecture; surmise; opinion or belief without sufficient evidence.
Suppositional	Resting on supposition; hypothetical; conjectural; supposed.
Supposititious	Fraudulently substituted for something else; not being what is purports to be; not genuine; spurious; counterfeit; as, a supposititious child; a supposititious writing.
Supposititious	Suppositional; hypothetical.
Suppositive	Including or implying supposition, or hypothesis; supposed.
Suppositive	A word denoting or implying supposition, as the words if, granting, provided, etc.
Suppositor	An apparatus for the introduction of suppositories into the rectum.
Suppositories	of Suppository
Suppository	A pill or bolus for introduction into the rectum; esp., a cylinder or cone of medicated cacao butter.
Supposure	Supposition; hypothesis; conjecture.
Suppressed	of Suppress
Suppressing	of Suppress
Suppress	To overpower and crush; to subdue; to put down; to quell.
Suppress	To keep in; to restrain from utterance or vent; as, to suppress the voice; to suppress a smile.
Suppress	To retain without disclosure; to conceal; not to reveal; to prevent publication of; as, to suppress evidence; to suppress a pamphlet; to suppress the truth.
Suppress	To stop; to restrain; to arrest the discharges of; as, to suppress a diarrhea, or a hemorrhage.
Suppressible	That may be suppressed.
Suppression	The act of suppressing, or the state of being suppressed; repression; as, the suppression of a riot, insurrection, or tumult; the suppression of truth, of reports, of evidence, and the like.
Suppression	Complete stoppage of a natural secretion or excretion; as, suppression of urine; -- used in contradiction to retention, which signifies that the secretion or excretion is retained without expulsion.
Suppression	Omission; as, the suppression of a word.
Suppressive	Tending to suppress; subduing; concealing.
Suppressor	One who suppresses.
Supprise	To surprise.
Suppurant	A suppurative.
Suppurated	of Suppurate
Suppurating	of Suppurate
Suppurate	To generate pus; as, a boil or abscess suppurates.
Suppurate	To cause to generate pus; as, to suppurate a sore.
Suppuration	The act or process of suppurating.
Suppuration	The matter produced by suppuration; pus.
Suppurative	Tending to suppurate; promoting suppuration.
Suppurative	A suppurative medicine.
Supputate	To suppute.
Supputation	Reckoning; account.
Suppute	To reckon; to compute; to suppose; to impute.
Supra	Over; above; before; also, beyond; besides; -- much used as a prefix.
Supra-acromial	Situated above the acromial process of the scapula.
Supra-angular	See Surangular.
Supra-auricular	Situated above the ear coverts, or auriculars; -- said of certain feathers of birds.
Supra-auricular	A supra-auricular feather.
Supra-axillary	Growing above the axil; inserted above the axil, as a peduncle. See Suprafoliaceous.
Suprabranchial	Situated above the branchiae; -- applied especially to the upper division of the gill cavity of bivalve mollusks.
Suprachoroid	Alt. of Suprachoroidal
Suprachoroidal	Situated above the choroid; -- applied to the layer of the choroid coat of the eyeball next to the sclerotic.
Supraciliary	Superciliary.
Supraclavicle	A bone which usually connects the clavicle with the post-temporal in the pectorial arch of fishes.
Supraclavicular	Situated above the clavicle.
Supraclavicular	Of or pertaining to the supraclavicle.
Supracondylar	Alt. of Supracondyloid
Supracondyloid	Situated above a condyle or condyles.
Supracostal	Situated above, or on the outside of, the ribs.
Supracranial	Situated above, or in the roof of, the cranium.
Supracretaceous	Lying above the chalk; Supercretaceous.
Supradecompound	More than decompound; divided many times.
Supra-esophagal	Alt. of Supra-esophageal
Supra-esophageal	Situated above, or on the dorsal side of, the esophagus; as, the supra-esophageal ganglion of Crustacea.
Supra-ethmoid	Above, or on the dorsal side of, the ethmoid bone or cartilage.
Suprafoliaceous	Inserted into the stem above the leaf, petiole, or axil, as a peduncle or flower.
Supraglotic	Situated above the glottis; -- applied to that part of the cavity of the larynx above the true vocal cords.
Suprahepatic	Situated over, or on the dorsal side of, the liver; -- applied to the branches of the hepatic veins.
Suprahyoid	Hyomental.
Supra-ilium	The cartilaginous cap at the sacral end of the ilium of some animals.
Supralapsarian	One of that class of Calvinists who believed that God's decree of election determined that man should fall, in order that the opportunity might be furnished of securing the redemption of a part of the race, the decree of salvation being conceived of as formed before or beyond, and not after or following, the lapse, or fall.  Cf. Infralapsarian.
Supralapsarian	Of or pertaining to the Supralapsarians, or their doctrine.
Supralapsarianism	The doctrine, belief, or principles of the Supralapsarians.
Supralapsary	Supralapsarian.
Supralapsary	A Supralapsarian.
Supraloral	Situated above the lores; as, the supraloral feathers of a bird.
Supraloral	A supraloral feather.
Supralunar	Alt. of Supralunary
Supralunary	Beyond the moon; hence, very lofty.
Supramaxillae	of Supramaxilla
Supramaxilla	The upper jaw or maxilla.
Supramaxillary	Situated over the lower jaw; as, the supramaxillary nerve.
Supramaxillary	Of or pertaining to the upper jaw.
Supramundane	Being or situated above the world or above our system; celestial.
Supranaturalism	The state of being supernatural; belief in supernatural agency or revelation; supernaturalism.
Supranaturalist	A supernaturalist.
Supranaturalist	Alt. of Supranaturalistic
Supranaturalistic	Of or pertaining to supernaturalism; supernaturalistic.
Supraoccipital	Situated over, or in the upper part of, the occiput; of or pertaining to the supraoccipital bone.
Supraoccipital	The supraoccipital bone.
Supraocular	Above the eyes; -- said of certain scales of fishes and reptiles.
Supra-oesophagal	See Supra-esophagal.
Supraorbital	Alt. of Supraorbitar
Supraorbitar	Situated above the orbit of the eye.
Suprapedal	Situated above the foot of a mollusk; as, the suprapedal gland.
Supraprotest	An acceptance of a bill by a third person after protest for nonacceptance by the drawee.
Suprapubian	Alt. of Suprapubic
Suprapubic	Situated above, or anterior to, the pubic bone.
Suprarenal	Situated above, or anterior to, the kidneys.
Suprarenal	A suprarenal capsule.
Suprascalpular	Alt. of Suprascalpulary
Suprascalpulary	Situated above, or on the anterior side of, the scapula.
Suprasphenoidal	Situated above the sphenoidal bone; as, the suprasphenoidal appendage, or pituitary body.
Supraspinal	Situated above the vertebral column.
Supraspinal	Situated above a spine or spines; supraspinate; supraspinous.
Supraspinate	Alt. of Supraspinous
Supraspinous	Situated above a spine or spines; especially, situated above, or on the dorsal side of, the neural spines of the vertebral column, or above, or in front of, the spine of the scapula.
Suprastapedial	Of, pertaining to, or designating, that part of the columella of the ear which projects above the connection with the stapes, as in many animals.
Suprastapedial	The suprastapedial part of the columella.
Suprasternal	Situated above, or anterior to, the sternum.
Supratemporal	Situated above the temporal bone or temporal fossa.
Supratemporal	A supratemporal bone.
Supratrochlear	Situated over or above a trochlea or trochlear surface; -- applied esp. to one of the subdivisions of the trigeminal nerve.
Supravaginal	Situated above or outside a sheath or vaginal membrane.
Supravision	Supervision.
Supravisor	A supervisor.
Supravulgar	Being above the vulgar or common people.
Supremacy	The state of being supreme, or in the highest station of power; highest or supreme authority or power; as, the supremacy of a king or a parliament.
Supreme	Highest in authority; holding the highest place in authority, government, or power.
Supreme	Highest; greatest; most excellent or most extreme; utmost; greatist possible (sometimes in a bad sense); as, supreme love; supreme glory; supreme magnanimity; supreme folly.
Supreme	Situated at the highest part or point.
Supremely	In a supreme manner.
Supremity	Supremacy.
Sur-	A prefix signifying over, above, beyond, upon.
Sura	One of the sections or chapters of the Koran, which are one hundred and fourteen in number.
Suradanni	A valuable kind of wood obtained on the shores of the Demerara River in South America, much used for timbers, rails, naves and fellies of wheels, and the like.
Suraddition	Something added or appended, as to a name.
Surah	A soft twilled silk fabric much used for women's dresses; -- called also surah silk.
Sural	Of or pertaining to the calf of the leg; as, the sural arteries.
Surance	Assurance.
Surangular	Above the angular bone; supra-angular; -- applied to a bone of the lower jaw in many reptiles and birds.
Surangular	The surangular bone.
Surbase	A cornice, or series of moldings, on the top of the base of a pedestal, podium, etc. See Illust. of Column.
Surbase	A board or group of moldings running round a room on a level with the tops of the chair backs.
Surbased	Having a surbase, or molding above the base.
Surbased	Having the vertical height from springing line to crown less than the half span; -- said of an arch; as, a segmental arch is surbased.
Surbated	of Surbate
Surbating	of Surbate
Surbate	To make sore or bruise, as the feet by travel.
Surbate	To harass; to fatigue.
Surbeat	Same as Surbate.
Surbedded	of Surbed
Surbedding	of Surbed
Surbed	To set edgewise, as a stone; that is, to set it in a position different from that which it had in the quarry.
Surbet	Same as Surbate.
Surbet	Surbated; bruised.
Surcease	Cessation; stop; end.
Surcease	To cause to cease; to end.
Surcease	To cease.
Surceaseance	Cessation.
Surcharged	of Surcharge
Surcharging	of Surcharge
Surcharge	To overload; to overburden; to overmatch; to overcharge; as, to surcharge a beast or a ship; to surcharge a cannon.
Surcharge	To overstock; especially, to put more cattle into, as a common, than the person has a right to do, or more than the herbage will sustain. Blackstone.
Surcharge	To show an omission in (an account) for which credit ought to have been given.
Surcharge	An overcharge; an excessive load or burden; a load greater than can well be borne.
Surcharge	The putting, by a commoner, of more beasts on the common than he has a right to.
Surcharge	The showing an omission, as in an account, for which credit ought to have been given.
Surchargement	The act of surcharging; also, surcharge, surplus.
Surcharger	One who surcharges.
Surcingle	A belt, band, or girth which passes over a saddle, or over anything laid on a horse's back, to bind it fast.
Surcingle	The girdle of a cassock, by which it is fastened round the waist.
Surcingled	Bound with the surcingle.
Surcle	A little shoot; a twig; a sucker.
Surcloyed	of Surcloy
Surcloying	of Surcloy
Surcloy	To surfeit.
Surcoat	A coat worn over the other garments; especially, the long and flowing garment of knights, worn over the armor, and frequently emblazoned with the arms of the wearer.
Surcoat	A name given to the outer garment of either sex at different epochs of the Middle Ages.
Surcrew	Increase; addition; surplus.
Surculate	To purne; to trim.
Surculation	Act of purning.
Surculose	Producing suckers, or shoots resembling suckers.
Surd	Net having the sense of hearing; deaf.
Surd	Unheard.
Surd	Involving surds; not capable of being expressed in rational numbers; radical; irrational; as, a surd expression or quantity; a surd number.
Surd	Uttered, as an element of speech, without tone, or proper vocal sound; voiceless; unintonated; nonvocal; atonic; whispered; aspirated; sharp; hard, as f, p, s, etc.; -- opposed to sonant. See Guide to Pronunciation, //169, 179, 180.
Surd	A quantity which can not be expressed by rational numbers; thus, 2 is a surd.
Surd	A surd element of speech. See Surd, a., 4.
Surdal	Same as Surd, a., 3.
Surdiny	A sardine.
Surdity	Deafness.
Sure	Certainly knowing and believing; confident beyond doubt; implicity trusting; unquestioning; positive.
Sure	Certain to find or retain; as, to be sure of game; to be sure of success; to be sure of life or health.
Sure	Fit or worthy to be depended on; certain not to fail or disappoint expectation; unfailing; strong; permanent; enduring.
Sure	Betrothed; engaged to marry.
Sure	Free from danger; safe; secure.
Sure	In a sure manner; safely; certainly.
Sure-footed	Not liable to stumble or fall; as, a sure-footed horse.
Surely	In a sure or certain manner; certainly; infallibly; undoubtedly; assuredly.
Surely	Without danger; firmly; steadly; securely.
Surement	A making sure; surety.
Sureness	The state of being sure; certainty.
Suresby	One to be sure of, or to be relied on.
Suretiship	Suretyship.
Sureties	of Surety
Surety	The state of being sure; certainty; security.
Surety	That which makes sure; that which confirms; ground of confidence or security.
Surety	Security against loss or damage; security for payment, or for the performance of some act.
Surety	One who is bound with and for another who is primarily liable, and who is called the principal; one who engages to answer for another's appearance in court, or for his payment of a debt, or for performance of some act; a bondsman; a bail.
Surety	Hence, a substitute; a hostage.
Surety	Evidence; confirmation; warrant.
Surety	To act as surety for.
Suretyship	The state of being surety; the obligation of a person to answer for the debt, default, or miscarriage of another.
Surf	The swell of the sea which breaks upon the shore, esp. upon a sloping beach.
Surf	The bottom of a drain.
Surface	The exterior part of anything that has length and breadth; one of the limits that bound a solid, esp. the upper face; superficies; the outside; as, the surface of the earth; the surface of a diamond; the surface of the body.
Surface	Hence, outward or external appearance.
Surface	A magnitude that has length and breadth without thickness; superficies; as, a plane surface; a spherical surface.
Surface	That part of the side which is terminated by the flank prolonged, and the angle of the nearest bastion.
Surfaced	of Surface
Surfacing	of Surface
Surface	To give a surface to; especially, to cause to have a smooth or plain surface; to make smooth or plain.
Surface	To work over the surface or soil of, as ground, in hunting for gold.
Surfacer	A form of machine for dressing the surface of wood, metal, stone, etc.
Surfboat	A boat intended for use in heavy surf. It is built with a pronounced sheer, and with a view to resist the shock of waves and of contact with the beach.
Surfeit	Excess in eating and drinking.
Surfeit	Fullness and oppression of the system, occasioned often by excessive eating and drinking.
Surfeit	Disgust caused by excess; satiety.
Surfeit	To load the stomach with food, so that sickness or uneasiness ensues; to eat to excess.
Surfeit	To indulge to satiety in any gratification.
Surfeited	of Surfeit
Surfeiting	of Surfeit
Surfeit	To feed so as to oppress the stomach and derange the function of the system; to overfeed, and produce satiety, sickness, or uneasiness; -- often reflexive; as, to surfeit one's self with sweets.
Surfeit	To fill to satiety and disgust; to cloy; as, he surfeits us with compliments.
Surfeiter	One who surfeits.
Surfeit-water	Water for the cure of surfeits.
Surfel	Alt. of Surfle
Surfle	To wash, as the face, with a cosmetic water, said by some to be prepared from the sulphur.
Surfer	The surf duck.
Surmen	of Surfman
Surfman	One who serves in a surfboat in the life-saving service.
Surfoot	Tired or sore of foot from travel; lamed.
Surfy	Consisting of, abounding in, or resembling, surf; as, a surfy shore.
Surge	A spring; a fountain.
Surge	A large wave or billow; a great, rolling swell of water, produced generally by a high wind.
Surge	The motion of, or produced by, a great wave.
Surge	The tapered part of a windlass barrel or a capstan, upon which the cable surges, or slips.
Surge	To swell; to rise hifg and roll.
Surge	To slip along a windlass.
Surged	of Surge
Surging	of Surge
Surge	To let go or slacken suddenly, as a rope; as, to surge a hawser or messenger; also, to slacken the rope about (a capstan).
Surgeful	Abounding in surges; surgy.
Surgeless	Free from surges; smooth; calm.
Surgent	Rising; swelling, as a flood.
Surgeon	One whose profession or occupation is to cure diseases or injuries of the body by manual operation; one whose occupation is to cure local injuries or disorders (such as wounds, dislocations, tumors, etc.), whether by manual operation, or by medication and constitutional treatment.
Surgeon	Any one of numerous species of chaetodont fishes of the family Teuthidae, or Acanthuridae, which have one or two sharp lancelike spines on each side of the base of the tail. Called also surgeon fish, doctor fish, lancet fish, and sea surgeon.
Surgeoncy	The office or employment of a surgeon, as in the naval or military service.
Surgeonry	Surgery.
Surgery	The art of healing by manual operation; that branch of medical science which treats of manual operations for the healing of diseases or injuries of the body; that branch of medical science which has for its object the cure of local injuries or diseases, as wounds or fractures, tumors, etc., whether by manual operation or by medicines and constitutional treatment.
Surgery	A surgeon's operating room or laboratory.
Surgical	Of or pertaining to surgeons or surgery; done by means of surgery; used in surgery; as, a surgical operation; surgical instruments.
Surgically	By means of surgery.
Surgy	Rising in surges or billows; full of surges; resembling surges in motion or appearance; swelling.
Suricat	Same as Zenick.
Surinam toad	A species of toad native of Surinam. See Pipa.
Surintendant	Superintendent.
Surlily	In a surly manner.
Surliness	The quality or state of being surly.
Surling	A sour, morose fellow.
Surloin	A loin of beef, or the upper part of the loin. See Sirloin, the more usual, but not etymologically preferable, orthography.
Surly	Arrogant; haughty.
Surly	Gloomily morose; ill-natured, abrupt, and rude; severe; sour; crabbed; rough; sullen; gloomy; as, a surly groom; a surly dog; surly language; a surly look.
Surly	Rough; dark; tempestuous.
Surmark	A mark made on the molds of a ship, when building, to show where the angles of the timbers are to be placed.
Surmisable	Capable of being surmised; as, a surmisable result.
Surmisal	Surmise.
Surmise	A thought, imagination, or conjecture, which is based upon feeble or scanty evidence; suspicion; guess; as, the surmisses of jealousy or of envy.
Surmise	Reflection; thought.
Surmised	of Surmise
Surmising	of Surmise
Surmise	To imagine without certain knowledge; to infer on slight grounds; to suppose, conjecture, or suspect; to guess.
Surmiser	One who surmises.
Surmising	a. & n. from Surmise, v.
Surmounted	of Surmount
Surmounting	of Surmount
Surmount	To rise above; to be higher than; to overtop.
Surmount	To conquer; to overcome; as, to surmount difficulties or obstacles.
Surmount	To surpass; to exceed.
Surmountable	Capable of being surmounted or overcome; superable.
Surmounted	Having its vertical height greater than the half span; -- said of an arch.
Surmounted	Partly covered by another charge; -- said of an ordinary or other bearing.
Surmounter	One who, or that which, surmounts.
Surmullet	Any one of various species of mullets of the family Millidae, esp. the European species (Millus surmulletus), which is highly prized as a food fish. See Mullet.
Surmulot	The brown, or Norway, rat.
Surname	A name or appellation which is added to, or over and above, the baptismal or Christian name, and becomes a family name.
Surname	An appellation added to the original name; an agnomen.
Surnamed	of Surname
Surnaming	of Surname
Surname	To name or call by an appellation added to the original name; to give a surname to.
Surnominal	Of or pertaining to a surname or surnames.
Suroxidate	To combine with oxygen so as to form a suroxide or peroxide.
Suroxide	A peroxide.
Surpassed	of Surpass
Surpassing	of Surpass
Surpass	To go beyond in anything good or bad; to exceed; to excel.
Surpassable	That may be surpassed.
Surpassing	Eminently excellent; exceeding others.
Surphul	To surfel.
Surplice	A white garment worn over another dress by the clergy of the Roman Catholic, Episcopal, and certain other churches, in some of their ministrations.
Surpliced	Wearing a surplice.
Surplus	That which remains when use or need is satisfied, or when a limit is reached; excess; overplus.
Surplus	Specifically, an amount in the public treasury at any time greater than is required for the ordinary purposes of the government.
Surplus	Being or constituting a surplus; more than sufficient; as, surplus revenues; surplus population; surplus words.
Surplusage	Surplus; excess; overplus; as, surplusage of grain or goods beyond what is wanted.
Surplusage	Matter in pleading which is not necessary or relevant to the case, and which may be rejected.
Surplusage	A greater disbursement than the charge of the accountant amounts to.
Surprisal	The act of surprising, or state of being surprised; surprise.
Surprise	The act of coming upon, or taking, unawares; the act of seizing unexpectedly; surprisal; as, the fort was taken by surprise.
Surprise	The state of being surprised, or taken unawares, by some act or event which could not reasonably be foreseen; emotion excited by what is sudden and strange; a suddenly excited feeling of wonder or astonishment.
Surprise	Anything that causes such a state or emotion.
Surprise	A dish covered with a crust of raised paste, but with no other contents.
Surprised	of Surprise
Surprising	of Surprise
Surprise	To come or fall suddenly and unexpectedly; to take unawares; to seize or capture by unexpected attack.
Surprise	To strike with wonder, astonishment, or confusion, by something sudden, unexpected, or remarkable; to confound; as, his conduct surprised me.
Surprise	To lead (one) to do suddenly and without forethought; to bring (one) into some unexpected state; -- with into; as, to be surprised into an indiscretion; to be surprised into generosity.
Surprise	To hold possession of; to hold.
Surprisement	Surprisal.
Surpriser	One who surprises.
Surprising	Exciting surprise; extraordinary; of a nature to excite wonder and astonishment; as, surprising bravery; a surprising escape from danger.
Surquedous	Alt. of Surquedrous
Surquedrous	Having or exhibiting surquedry; arrogant; insolent.
Surquedry	Alt. of Surquidry
Surquidry	Overweening pride; arrogance; presumption; insolence.
Surrebound	To give back echoes; to reecho.
Surrebut	To reply, as a plaintiff to a defendant's rebutter.
Surrebuter	The reply of a plaintiff to a defendant's rebutter.
Surrein	To override; to exhaust by riding.
Surrejoin	To reply, as a plaintiff to a defendant's rejoinder.
Surrejoinder	The answer of a plaintiff to a defendant's rejoinder.
Surrendered	of Surrender
Surrendering	of Surrender
Surrender	To yield to the power of another; to give or deliver up possession of (anything) upon compulsion or demand; as, to surrender one's person to an enemy or to an officer; to surrender a fort or a ship.
Surrender	To give up possession of; to yield; to resign; as, to surrender a right, privilege, or advantage.
Surrender	To yield to any influence, emotion, passion, or power; -- used reflexively; as, to surrender one's self to grief, to despair, to indolence, or to sleep.
Surrender	To yield; to render or deliver up; to give up; as, a principal surrendered by his bail, a fugitive from justice by a foreign state, or a particular estate by the tenant thereof to him in remainder or reversion.
Surrender	To give up one's self into the power of another; to yield; as, the enemy, seeing no way of escape, surrendered at the first summons.
Surrender	The act of surrendering; the act of yielding, or resigning one's person, or the possession of something, into the power of another; as, the surrender of a castle to an enemy; the surrender of a right.
Surrender	The yielding of a particular estate to him who has an immediate estate in remainder or reversion.
Surrender	The giving up of a principal into lawful custody by his bail.
Surrender	The delivery up of fugitives from justice by one government to another, as by a foreign state. See Extradition.
Surrenderee	The person to whom a surrender is made.
Surrenderer	One who surrenders.
Surrenderor	One who makes a surrender, as of an estate.
Surrendry	Surrender.
Surreption	The act or process of getting in a surreptitious manner, or by craft or stealth.
Surreption	A coming unperceived or suddenly.
Surreptitious	Done or made by stealth, or without proper authority; made or introduced fraudulently; clandestine; stealthy; as, a surreptitious passage in an old manuscript; a surreptitious removal of goods.
Surrey	A four-wheeled pleasure carriage, (commonly two-seated) somewhat like a phaeton, but having a straight bottom.
Surrogate	A deputy; a delegate; a substitute.
Surrogate	The deputy of an ecclesiastical judge, most commonly of a bishop or his chancellor, especially a deputy who grants marriage licenses.
Surrogate	In some States of the United States, an officer who presides over the probate of wills and testaments and yield the settlement of estates.
Surrogate	To put in the place of another; to substitute.
Surrogateship	The office of a surrogate.
Surrogation	The act of substituting one person in the place of another.
Surrounded	of Surround
Surrounding	of Surround
Surround	To inclose on all sides; to encompass; to environ.
Surround	To lie or be on all sides of; to encircle; as, a wall surrounds the city.
Surround	To pass around; to travel about; to circumnavigate; as, to surround the world.
Surround	To inclose, as a body of troops, between hostile forces, so as to cut off means of communication or retreat; to invest, as a city.
Surround	A method of hunting some animals, as the buffalo, by surrounding a herd, and driving them over a precipice, into a ravine, etc.
Surrounding	Inclosing; encircling.
Surrounding	An encompassing.
Surrounding	The things which surround or environ; external or attending circumstances or conditions.
Surroyal	One of the terminal branches or divisions of the beam of the antler of the stag or other large deer.
Sursanure	A wound healed or healing outwardly only.
Surseance	Peace; quiet.
Sursolid	The fifth power of a number; as, a/ is the sursolid of a, or 32 that of 2.
Surstyle	To surname.
Surtax	An additional or extra tax.
Surtax	To impose an additional tax on.
Surtout	A man's coat to be worn over his other garments; an overcoat, especially when long, and fitting closely like a body coat.
Surturbrand	A fibrous brown coal or bituminous wood.
Surucucu	See Bush master, under Bush.
Surveillance	Oversight; watch; inspection; supervision.
Surveillants	of Surveillant
Surveillant	One who watches over another; an overseer; a spy; a supervisor.
Surveillant	Overseeing; watchful.
Survened	of Survene
Survening	of Survene
Survene	To supervene upon; to come as an addition to.
Survenue	A sudden or unexpected coming or stepping on.
Surveyed	of Survey
Surveying	of Survey
Survey	To inspect, or take a view of; to view with attention, as from a high place; to overlook; as, to stand on a hill, and survey the surrounding country.
Survey	To view with a scrutinizing eye; to examine.
Survey	To examine with reference to condition, situation, value, etc.; to examine and ascertain the state of; as, to survey a building in order to determine its value and exposure to loss by fire.
Survey	To determine the form, extent, position, etc., of, as a tract of land, a coast, harbor, or the like, by means of linear and angular measurments, and the application of the principles of geometry and trigonometry; as, to survey land or a coast.
Survey	To examine and ascertain, as the boundaries and royalties of a manor, the tenure of the tenants, and the rent and value of the same.
Survey	The act of surveying; a general view, as from above.
Survey	A particular view; an examination, especially an official examination, of all the parts or particulars of a thing, with a design to ascertain the condition, quantity, or quality; as, a survey of the stores of a ship; a survey of roads and bridges; a survey of buildings.
Survey	The operation of finding the contour, dimensions, position, or other particulars of, as any part of the earth's surface, whether land or water; also, a measured plan and description of any portion of country, or of a road or line through it.
Surveyal	Survey.
Surveyance	Survey; inspection.
Surveying	That branch of applied mathematics which teaches the art of determining the area of any portion of the earth's surface, the length and directions of the bounding lines, the contour of the surface, etc., with an accurate delineation of the whole on paper; the act or occupation of making surveys.
Surveyor	One placed to superintend others; an overseer; an inspector.
Surveyor	One who views and examines for the purpose of ascertaining the condition, quantity, or quality of anything; as, a surveyor of highways, ordnance, etc.
Surveyor	One who surveys or measures land; one who practices the art of surveying.
Surveyor	An officer who ascertains the contents of casks, and the quantity of liquors subject to duty; a gauger.
Surveyor	In the United States, an officer whose duties include the various measures to be taken for ascertaining the quantity, condition, and value of merchandise brought into a port.
Surveyorship	The office of a surveyor.
Surview	To survey; to make a survey of.
Surview	A survey.
Survise	To look over; to supervise.
Survival	A living or continuing longer than, or beyond the existence of, another person, thing, or event; an outliving.
Survival	Any habit, usage, or belief, remaining from ancient times, the origin of which is often unknown, or imperfectly known.
Survivance	Alt. of Survivancy
Survivancy	Survivorship.
Survived	of Survive
Surviving	of Survive
Survive	To live beyond the life or existence of; to live longer than; to outlive; to outlast; as, to survive a person or an event.
Survive	To remain alive; to continue to live.
Survivency	Survivorship.
Surviver	One who survives; a survivor.
Surviving	Remaining alive; yet living or existing; as, surviving friends; surviving customs.
Survivor	One who survives or outlives another person, or any time, event, or thing.
Survivor	The longer liver of two joint tenants, or two persons having a joint interest in anything.
Survivorship	The state of being a survivor.
Survivorship	The right of a joint tenant, or other person who has a joint interest in an estate, to take the whole estate upon the death of other.
Susceptibilities	of Susceptibility
Susceptibility	The state or quality of being susceptible; the capability of receiving impressions, or of being affected.
Susceptibility	Specifically, capacity for deep feeling or emotional excitement; sensibility, in its broadest acceptation; impressibility; sensitiveness.
Susceptible	Capable of admitting anything additional, or any change, affection, or influence; readily acted upon; as, a body susceptible of color or of alteration.
Susceptible	Capable of impression; having nice sensibility; impressible; tender; sensitive; as, children are more susceptible than adults; a man of a susceptible heart.
Susception	The act of taking; reception.
Susceptive	Susceptible.
Susceptivity	Capacity for receiving; susceptibility.
Susceptor	One who undertakes anything; specifically, a godfather; a sponsor; a guardian.
Suscipiency	Admission.
Suscipient	Receiving; admitting.
Suscipient	One who takes or admits; one who receives.
Suscitability	Capability of being suscitated; excitability.
Suscitated	of Suscitate
Suscitating	of Suscitate
Suscitate	To rouse; to excite; to call into life and action.
Suscitation	The act of raising or exciting.
Suslik	A ground squirrel (Spermophilus citillus) of Europe and Asia. It has large cheek pouches.
Suspect	Suspicious; inspiring distrust.
Suspect	Suspected; distrusted.
Suspect	Suspicion.
Suspect	One who, or that which, is suspected; an object of suspicion; -- formerly applied to persons and things; now, only to persons suspected of crime.
Suspected	of Suspect
Suspecting	of Suspect
Suspect	To imagine to exist; to have a slight or vague opinion of the existence of, without proof, and often upon weak evidence or no evidence; to mistrust; to surmise; -- commonly used regarding something unfavorable, hurtful, or wrong; as, to suspect the presence of disease.
Suspect	To imagine to be guilty, upon slight evidence, or without proof; as, to suspect one of equivocation.
Suspect	To hold to be uncertain; to doubt; to mistrust; to distruct; as, to suspect the truth of a story.
Suspect	To look up to; to respect.
Suspect	To imagine guilt; to have a suspicion or suspicions; to be suspicious.
Suspectable	That may be suspected.
Suspected	Distrusted; doubted.
Suspecter	One who suspects.
Suspectful	Apt to suspect or mistrust; full of suspicion; suspicious; as, to be suspectful of the motives of others.
Suspection	Suspicion.
Suspectiousness	Suspiciousness; cause for suspicion.
Suspectless	Not suspecting; having no suspicion.
Suspectless	Not suspected; not mistrusted.
Suspended	of Suspend
Suspending	of Suspend
Suspend	To attach to something above; to hang; as, to suspend a ball by a thread; to suspend a needle by a loadstone.
Suspend	To make to depend; as, God hath suspended the promise of eternal life on the condition of obedience and holiness of life.
Suspend	To cause to cease for a time; to hinder from proceeding; to interrupt; to delay; to stay.
Suspend	To hold in an undetermined or undecided state; as, to suspend one's judgment or opinion.
Suspend	To debar, or cause to withdraw temporarily, from any privilege, from the execution of an office, from the enjoyment of income, etc.; as, to suspend a student from college; to suspend a member of a club.
Suspend	To cause to cease for a time from operation or effect; as, to suspend the habeas corpus act; to suspend the rules of a legislative body.
Suspend	To support in a liquid, as an insoluble powder, by stirring, to facilitate chemical action.
Suspend	To cease from operation or activity; esp., to stop payment, or be unable to meet obligations or engagements (said of a commercial firm or a bank).
Suspender	One who, or that which, suspends; esp., one of a pair of straps or braces worn over the shoulders, for holding up the trousers.
Suspensation	The act of suspending, or the state of being suspended, especially for a short time; temporary suspension.
Suspense	Held or lifted up; held or prevented from proceeding.
Suspense	Expressing, or proceeding from, suspense or doubt.
Suspense	The state of being suspended; specifically, a state of uncertainty and expectation, with anxiety or apprehension; indetermination; indecision; as, the suspense of a person waiting for the verdict of a jury.
Suspense	Cessation for a time; stop; pause.
Suspense	A temporary cessation of one's right; suspension, as when the rent or other profits of land cease by unity of possession of land and rent.
Suspensely	In suspense.
Suspensibility	The quality or state of being suspensible.
Suspensible	Capable of being suspended; capable of being held from sinking.
Suspension	The act of suspending, or the state of being suspended; pendency; as, suspension from a hook.
Suspension	Especially, temporary delay, interruption, or cessation
Suspension	Of labor, study, pain, etc.
Suspension	Of decision, determination, judgment, etc.; as, to ask a suspension of judgment or opinion in view of evidence to be produced.
Suspension	Of the payment of what is due; as, the suspension of a mercantile firm or of a bank.
Suspension	Of punishment, or sentence of punishment.
Suspension	Of a person in respect of the exercise of his office, powers, prerogative, etc.; as, the suspension of a student or of a clergyman.
Suspension	Of the action or execution of law, etc.; as, the suspension of the habeas corpus act.
Suspension	A conditional withholding, interruption, or delay; as, the suspension of a payment on the performance of a condition.
Suspension	The state of a solid when its particles are mixed with, but undissolved in, a fluid, and are capable of separation by straining; also, any substance in this state.
Suspension	A keeping of the hearer in doubt and in attentive expectation of what is to follow, or of what is to be the inference or conclusion from the arguments or observations employed.
Suspension	A stay or postponement of execution of a sentence condemnatory by means of letters of suspension granted on application to the lord ordinary.
Suspension	The prolongation of one or more tones of a chord into the chord which follows, thus producing a momentary discord, suspending the concord which the ear expects.  Cf. Retardation.
Suspensive	Tending to suspend, or to keep in suspense; causing interruption or delay; uncertain; doubtful.
Suspensor	A suspensory.
Suspensor	The cord which suspends the embryo; and which is attached to the radicle in the young state; the proembryo.
Suspensoria	of Suspensorium
Suspensorium	Anything which suspends or holds up a part: especially, the mandibular suspensorium (a series of bones, or of cartilages representing them) which connects the base of the lower jaw with the skull in most vertebrates below mammals.
Suspensory	Suspended; hanging; depending.
Suspensory	Fitted or serving to suspend; suspending; as, a suspensory muscle.
Suspensory	Of or pertaining to a suspensorium.
Suspensory	That which suspends, or holds up, as a truss
Suspensory	a bandage or bag for supporting the scrotum.
Suspicable	Liable to suspicion; suspicious.
Suspiciency	Suspiciousness; suspicion.
Suspicion	The act of suspecting; the imagination or apprehension of the existence of something (esp. something wrong or hurtful) without proof, or upon very slight evidence, or upon no evidence.
Suspicion	Slight degree; suggestion; hint.
Suspicion	To view with suspicion; to suspect; to doubt.
Suspicious	Inclined to suspect; given or prone to suspicion; apt to imagine without proof.
Suspicious	Indicating suspicion, mistrust, or fear.
Suspicious	Liable to suspicion; adapted to raise suspicion; giving reason to imagine ill; questionable; as, an author of suspicious innovations; suspicious circumstances.
Suspiral	A breathing hole; a vent or ventiduct.
Suspiral	A spring of water passing under ground toward a cistern or conduit.
Suspiration	The act of sighing, or fetching a long and deep breath; a deep respiration; a sigh.
Suspire	To fetch a long, deep breath; to sigh; to breathe.
Suspire	A long, deep breath; a sigh.
Suspired	Ardently desired or longed for; earnestly coveted.
Sustained	of Sustain
Sustaining	of Sustain
Sustain	To keep from falling; to bear; to uphold; to support; as, a foundation sustains the superstructure; a beast sustains a load; a rope sustains a weight.
Sustain	Hence, to keep from sinking, as in despondence, or the like; to support.
Sustain	To maintain; to keep alive; to support; to subsist; to nourish; as, provisions to sustain an army.
Sustain	To aid, comfort, or relieve; to vindicate.
Sustain	To endure without failing or yielding; to bear up under; as, to sustain defeat and disappointment.
Sustain	To suffer; to bear; to undergo.
Sustain	To allow the prosecution of; to admit as valid; to sanction; to continue; not to dismiss or abate; as, the court sustained the action or suit.
Sustain	To prove; to establish by evidence; to corroborate or confirm; to be conclusive of; as, to sustain a charge, an accusation, or a proposition.
Sustain	One who, or that which, upholds or sustains; a sustainer.
Sustainable	Capable of being sustained or maintained; as, the action is not sustainable.
Sustained	Held up to a certain pitch, degree, or level; uniform; as, sustained pasion; a sustained style of writing; a sustained note in music.
Sustainer	One who, or that which, sustains.
Sustainment	The act of sustaining; maintenance; support.
Sustaltic	Mournful; -- said of a species of music among the ancient Greeks.
Sustenance	The act of sustaining; support; maintenance; subsistence; as, the sustenance of the body; the sustenance of life.
Sustenance	That which supports life; food; victuals; provisions; means of living; as, the city has ample sustenance.
Sustentacle	Sustenance.
Sustentacular	Supporting; sustaining; as, a sustentacular tissue.
Sustentate	To sustain.
Sustentation	The act of sustaining, or the state of being sustained; preservation from falling; support; sustenance; maintenance.
Sustentation	The aggregate of the functions by which a living organism is maintained in a normal condition of weight and growth.
Sustentative	Adapted to sustain, strengthen, or corroborate; as, sustentative citations or quotations.
Sustention	Sustentation.
Susters	of Sustre
Sustres	of Sustre
Sustren	of Sustre
Suster	Alt. of Sustre
Sustre	Sister.
Susu	See Soosoo.
Susurrant	Whispering.
Susurration	A whispering; a soft murmur.
Susurringly	In the manner of a whisper.
Susurrous	Whispering; rustling; full of whispering sounds.
Susurrus	The act of whispering; a whisper; a murmur.
Sutile	Done by stitching.
Sutler	A person who follows an army, and sells to the troops provisions, liquors, and the like.
Sutlership	The condition or occupation of a sutler.
Sutling	Belonging to sutlers; engaged in the occupation of a sutler.
Sutor	A kind of sirup made by the Indians of Arizona from the fruit of some cactaceous plant (probably the Cereus giganteus).
Sutras	of Sutra
Sutra	A precept; an aphorism; a brief rule.
Sutra	A collection of such aphorisms.
Sutra	A body of Hindoo literature containing aphorisms on grammar, meter, law, and philosophy, and forming a connecting link between the Vedic and later Sanscrit literature.
Suttee	A Hindoo widow who immolates herself, or is immolated, on the funeral pile of her husband; -- so called because this act of self-immolation is regarded as envincing excellence of wifely character.
Suttee	The act of burning a widow on the funeral pile of her husband.
Sutteeism	The practice of self-immolation of widows in Hindostan.
Suttle	The weight when the tare has been deducted, and tret is yet to be allowed.
Suttle	To act as sutler; to supply provisions and other articles to troops.
Sutural	Of or pertaining to a suture, or seam.
Sutural	Taking place at a suture; as, a sutural de/iscence.
Suturally	In a sutural manner.
Suturated	Sewed or knit together; united by a suture; stitched.
Suture	The act of sewing; also, the line along which two things or parts are sewed together, or are united so as to form a seam, or that which resembles a seam.
Suture	The uniting of the parts of a wound by stitching.
Suture	The stitch by which the parts are united.
Suture	The line of union, or seam, in an immovable articulation, like those between the bones of the skull; also, such an articulation itself; synarthrosis. See Harmonic suture, under Harmonic.
Suture	The line, or seam, formed by the union of two margins in any part of a plant; as, the ventral suture of a legume.
Suture	A line resembling a seam; as, the dorsal suture of a legume, which really corresponds to a midrib.
Suture	The line at which the elytra of a beetle meet and are sometimes confluent.
Suture	A seam, or impressed line, as between the segments of a crustacean, or between the whorls of a univalve shell.
Sutured	Having a suture or sutures; knit or united together.
Suwarrow	The giant cactus (Cereus giganteus); -- so named by the Indians of Arizona.  Called also saguaro.
Suzerain	A superior lord, to whom fealty is due; a feudal lord; a lord paramount.
Suzerainty	The dominion or authority of a suzerain; paramount authority.
Swa	So.
Swabbed	of Swab
Swabbing	of Swab
Swab	To clean with a mop or swab; to wipe when very wet, as after washing; as, to swab the desk of a ship.
Swab	A kind of mop for cleaning floors, the desks of vessels, etc., esp. one made of rope-yarns or threads.
Swab	A bit of sponge, cloth, or the like, fastened to a handle, for cleansing the mouth of a sick person, applying medicaments to deep-seated parts, etc.
Swab	An epaulet.
Swab	A cod, or pod, as of beans or pease.
Swab	A sponge, or other suitable substance, attached to a long rod or handle, for cleaning the bore of a firearm.
Swabber	To swab.
Swabber	One who swabs a floor or desk.
Swabber	Formerly, an interior officer on board of British ships of war, whose business it was to see that the ship was kept clean.
Swabber	Same as Swobber, 2.
Swad	A cod, or pod, as of beans or pease.
Swad	A clown; a country bumpkin.
Swad	A lump of mass; also, a crowd.
Swad	A thin layer of refuse at the bottom of a seam.
Swaddle	Anything used to swaddle with, as a cloth or band; a swaddling band.
Swaddled	of Swaddle
Swaddling	of Swaddle
Swaddle	To bind as with a bandage; to bind or warp tightly with clothes; to swathe; -- used esp. of infants; as, to swaddle a baby.
Swaddle	To beat; to cudgel.
Swaddlebill	The shoveler.
Swaddler	A term of contempt for an Irish Methodist.
Swaddling	a. & n. from Swaddle, v.
Swagged	of Swag
Swagging	of Swag
Swag	To hang or move, as something loose and heavy; to sway; to swing.
Swag	To sink down by its weight; to sag.
Swag	A swaying, irregular motion.
Swag	A burglar's or thief's booty; boodle.
Swag-bellied	Having a prominent, overhanging belly.
Swagbelly	A prominent, overhanging belly.
Swagbelly	Any large tumor developed in the abdomen, and neither fluctuating nor sonorous.
Swaged	of Swage
Swaging	of Swage
Swage	See Assuage.
Swage	A tool, variously shaped or grooved on the end or face, used by blacksmiths and other workers in metals, for shaping their work, whether sheet metal or forging, by holding the swage upon the work, or the work upon the swage, and striking with a sledge.
Swage	To shape by means of a swage; to fashion, as a piece of iron, by forcing it into a groove or mold having the required shape.
Swaggered	of Swagger
Swaggering	of Swagger
Swagger	To walk with a swaying motion; hence, to walk and act in a pompous, consequential manner.
Swagger	To boast or brag noisily; to be ostentatiously proud or vainglorious; to bluster; to bully.
Swagger	To bully.
Swagger	The act or manner of a swaggerer.
Swaggerer	One who swaggers; a blusterer; a bully; a boastful, noisy fellow.
Swaggy	Inclined to swag; sinking, hanging, or leaning by its weight.
Swain	A servant.
Swain	A young man dwelling in the country; a rustic; esp., a cuntry gallant or lover; -- chiefly in poetry.
Swainish	Pertaining to, or resembling, a swain; rustic; ignorant.
Swainling	A little swain.
Swainmote	A court held before the verders of the forest as judges, by the steward of the court, thrice every year, the swains, or freeholders, within the forest composing the jury.
Swainship	The condition of a swain.
Swaip	To walk proudly; to sweep along.
Swal	Swelled.
Swale	A valley or low place; a tract of low, and usually wet, land; a moor; a fen.
Swale	To melt and waste away; to singe. See Sweal, v.
Swale	A gutter in a candle.
Swallet	Water breaking in upon the miners at their work; -- so called among tin miners.
Swallow	Any one of numerous species of passerine birds of the family Hirundinidae, especially one of those species in which the tail is deeply forked. They have long, pointed wings, and are noted for the swiftness and gracefulness of their flight.
Swallow	Any one of numerous species of swifts which resemble the true swallows in form and habits, as the common American chimney swallow, or swift.
Swallow	The aperture in a block through which the rope reeves.
Swallowed	of Swallow
Swallowing	of Swallow
Swallow	To take into the stomach; to receive through the gullet, or esophagus, into the stomach; as, to swallow food or drink.
Swallow	To draw into an abyss or gulf; to ingulf; to absorb -- usually followed by up.
Swallow	To receive or embrace, as opinions or belief, without examination or scruple; to receive implicitly.
Swallow	To engross; to appropriate; -- usually with up.
Swallow	To occupy; to take up; to employ.
Swallow	To seize and waste; to exhaust; to consume.
Swallow	To retract; to recant; as, to swallow one's opinions.
Swallow	To put up with; to bear patiently or without retaliation; as, to swallow an affront or insult.
Swallow	To perform the act of swallowing; as, his cold is so severe he is unable to swallow.
Swallow	The act of swallowing.
Swallow	The gullet, or esophagus; the throat.
Swallow	Taste; relish; inclination; liking.
Swallow	Capacity for swallowing; voracity.
Swallow	As much as is, or can be, swallowed at once; as, a swallow of water.
Swallow	That which ingulfs; a whirlpool.
Swallower	One who swallows; also, a glutton.
Swallowfish	The European sapphirine gurnard (Trigla hirundo). It has large pectoral fins.
Swallowtail	A kind of tenon or tongue used in making joints. See Dovetail.
Swallowtail	A species of willow.
Swallowtail	An outwork with converging sides, its head or front forming a reentrant angle; -- so called from its form.  Called also priestcap.
Swallowtail	A swallow-tailed coat.
Swallowtail	An arrow.
Swallowtail	Any one of numerous species of large and handsome butterflies, belonging to Papilio and allied genera, in which the posterior border of each hind wing is prolongated in the form of a long lobe.
Swallow-tailed	Having a tail like that of a swallow; hence, like a swallow's tail in form; having narrow and tapering or pointed skirts; as, a swallow-tailed coat.
Swallow-tailed	United by dovetailing; dovetailed.
Swallowwort	See Celandine.
Swallowwort	A poisonous plant (Vincetoxicum officinale) of the Milkweed family, at one time used in medicine; -- also called white swallowwort.
Swam	imp. of Swim.
Swamp	Wet, spongy land; soft, low ground saturated with water, but not usually covered with it; marshy ground away from the seashore.
Swamped	of Swamp
Swamping	of Swamp
Swamp	To plunge or sink into a swamp.
Swamp	To cause (a boat) to become filled with water; to capsize or sink by whelming with water.
Swamp	Fig.: To plunge into difficulties and perils; to overwhelm; to ruin; to wreck.
Swamp	To sink or stick in a swamp; figuratively, to become involved in insuperable difficulties.
Swamp	To become filled with water, as a boat; to founder; to capsize or sink; figuratively, to be ruined; to be wrecked.
Swampy	Consisting of swamp; like a swamp; low, wet, and spongy; as, swampy land.
Swan	Any one of numerous species of large aquatic birds belonging to Cygnus, Olor, and allied genera of the subfamily Cygninae. They have a large and strong beak and a long neck, and are noted for their graceful movements when swimming. Most of the northern species are white. In literature the swan was fabled to sing a melodious song, especially at the time of its death.
Swan	Fig.: An appellation for a sweet singer, or a poet noted for grace and melody; as Shakespeare is called the swan of Avon.
Swan	The constellation Cygnus.
Swang	imp. of Swing.
Swang	A swamp.
Swanherd	One who tends or marks swans; as, the royal swanherd of England.
Swan-hopping	A corruption of Swan-upping.
Swanimote	See Swainmote.
Swankie	Alt. of Swanky
Swanky	An active and clever young fellow.
Swanlike	Resembling a swan.
Swanmark	A mark of ownership cut on the bill or swan.
Swannery	A place where swans are bred.
Swanny	Swanlike; as, a swanny glossiness of the neck.
Swanpan	The Chinese abacus; a schwanpan.
Swan's-down	Alt. of Swans-down
Swans-down	The down, or fine, soft feathers, of the swan, used on various articles of dress.
Swans-down	A fine, soft, thick cloth of wool mixed with silk or cotton; a sort of twilled fustian, like moleskin.
Swanskin	The act of a swan with the down or the feathers on.
Swanskin	A species of soft flannel, thick and warm.
Swan-upping	A yearly expedition on the Thames to take up young swans and mark them, as by Companies of Dyers and Vintners; -- called also swan-hopping.
Swapped	of Swap
Swapping	of Swap
Swap	To strike; -- with off.
Swap	To exchange (usually two things of the same kind); to swop.
Swap	To fall or descend; to rush hastily or violently.
Swap	To beat the air, or ply the wings, with a sweeping motion or noise; to flap.
Swap	A blow; a stroke.
Swap	An exchange; a barter.
Swap	Hastily.
Swape	See Sweep, n., 12.
Sward	Skin; covering.
Sward	The grassy surface of land; that part of the soil which is filled with the roots of grass; turf.
Swarded	of Sward
Swarding	of Sward
Sward	To produce sward upon; to cover, or be covered, with sward.
Sward-cutter	A plow for turning up grass land.
Sward-cutter	A lawn mower.
Swarded	Covered with sward.
Swardy	Covered with sward or grass.
Sware	imp. of Swear.
Swarf	To grow languid; to faint.
Swarf	The grit worn away from grindstones in grinding cutlery wet.
Swarm	To climb a tree, pole, or the like, by embracing it with the arms and legs alternately. See Shin.
Swarm	A large number or mass of small animals or insects, especially when in motion.
Swarm	Especially, a great number of honeybees which emigrate from a hive at once, and seek new lodgings under the direction of a queen; a like body of bees settled permanently in a hive.
Swarm	Hence, any great number or multitude, as of people in motion, or sometimes of inanimate objects; as, a swarm of meteorites.
Swarmed	of Swarm
Swarming	of Swarm
Swarm	To collect, and depart from a hive by flight in a body; -- said of bees; as, bees swarm in warm, clear days in summer.
Swarm	To appear or collect in a crowd; to throng together; to congregate in a multitude.
Swarm	To be crowded; to be thronged with a multitude of beings in motion.
Swarm	To abound; to be filled (with).
Swarm	To breed multitudes.
Swarm	To crowd or throng.
Swarmspore	One of innumerable minute, motile, reproductive bodies, produced asexually by certain algae and fungi; a zoospore.
Swarmspore	One of the minute flagellate germs produced by the sporulation of a protozoan; -- called also zoospore.
Swart	Sward.
Swart	Of a dark hue; moderately black; swarthy; tawny.
Swart	Gloomy; malignant.
Swart	To make swart or tawny; as, to swart a living part.
Swartback	The black-backed gull (Larus marinus); -- called also swarbie.
Swarth	Swart; swarthy.
Swarth	An apparition of a person about to die; a wraith.
Swarth	Sward; short grass.
Swarth	See Swath.
Swarthily	In a swarthy manner; with a tawny hue; duskily.
Swarthiness	The quality or state of being swarthy; a dusky or dark complexion; tawniness.
Swarthness	Swarthiness.
Swarthy	Being of a dark hue or dusky complexion; tawny; swart; as, swarthy faces.
Swarthy	To make swarthy.
Swartiness	Swarthiness.
Swartish	Somewhat swart, dark, or tawny.
Swartness	The quality or state of being swart.
Swarty	Swarthy; tawny.
Swarve	To swerve.
Swarve	To climb.
Swash	An oval figure, whose moldings are oblique to the axis of the work.
Swash	Soft, like fruit too ripe; swashy.
Swashed	of Swash
Swashing	of Swash
Swash	To dash or flow noisily, as water; to splash; as, water swashing on a shallow place.
Swash	To fall violently or noisily.
Swash	To bluster; to make a great noise; to vapor or brag.
Swash	Impulse of water flowing with violence; a dashing or splashing of water.
Swash	A narrow sound or channel of water lying within a sand bank, or between a sand bank and the shore, or a bar over which the sea washes.
Swash	Liquid filth; wash; hog mash.
Swash	A blustering noise; a swaggering behavior.
Swash	A swaggering fellow; a swasher.
Swashbuckler	A bully or braggadocio; a swaggering, boastful fellow; a swaggerer.
Swasher	One who makes a blustering show of valor or force of arms.
Swashing	Swaggering; hectoring.
Swashing	Resounding; crushing.
Swashway	Same as 4th Swash, 2.
Swashy	Soft, like fruit that is too ripe; quashy; swash.
Swat	imp. of Sweat.
Swatch	A swath.
Swatch	A piece, pattern, or sample, generally of cloth.
Swate	imp. of Sweat.
Swath	A line of grass or grain cut and thrown together by the scythe in mowing or cradling.
Swath	The whole sweep of a scythe, or the whole breadth from which grass or grain is cut by a scythe or a machine, in mowing or cradling; as, to cut a wide swath.
Swath	A band or fillet; a swathe.
Swathed	of Swathe
Swathing	of Swathe
Swathe	To bind with a swathe, band, bandage, or rollers.
Swathe	A bandage; a band; a swath.
Swather	A device attached to a mowing machine for raising the uncut fallen grain and marking the limit of the swath.
Swatte	imp. of Sweat.
Swayed	of Sway
Swaying	of Sway
Sway	To move or wield with the hand; to swing; to wield; as, to sway the scepter.
Sway	To influence or direct by power and authority; by persuasion, or by moral force; to rule; to govern; to guide.
Sway	To cause to incline or swing to one side, or backward and forward; to bias; to turn; to bend; warp; as, reeds swayed by wind; judgment swayed by passion.
Sway	To hoist; as, to sway up the yards.
Sway	To be drawn to one side by weight or influence; to lean; to incline.
Sway	To move or swing from side to side; or backward and forward.
Sway	To have weight or influence.
Sway	To bear sway; to rule; to govern.
Sway	The act of swaying; a swaying motion; the swing or sweep of a weapon.
Sway	Influence, weight, or authority that inclines to one side; as, the sway of desires.
Sway	Preponderance; turn or cast of balance.
Sway	Rule; dominion; control.
Sway	A switch or rod used by thatchers to bind their work.
Sway-backed	Having the back hollow or sagged, whether naturally or as the result of injury or weakness; -- said of horses and other animals.
Sway-bracing	The horizontal bracing of a bridge, which prevents its swaying.
Swayed	Bent down, and hollow in the back; sway-backed; -- said of a horse.
Swayful	Able to sway.
Swaying	An injury caused by violent strains or by overloading; -- said of the backs of horses.
Swealed	of Sweal
Swealing	of Sweal
Sweal	To melt and run down, as the tallow of a candle; to waste away without feeding the flame.
Sweal	To singe; to scorch; to swale; as, to sweal a pig by singeing off the hair.
Swore	of Swear
Sware	of Swear
Sworn	of Swear
Swearing	of Swear
Swear	To affirm or utter a solemn declaration, with an appeal to God for the truth of what is affirmed; to make a promise, threat, or resolve on oath; also, to affirm solemnly by some sacred object, or one regarded as sacred, as the Bible, the Koran, etc.
Swear	To give evidence on oath; as, to swear to the truth of a statement; he swore against the prisoner.
Swear	To make an appeal to God in an irreverant manner; to use the name of God or sacred things profanely; to call upon God in imprecation; to curse.
Swear	To utter or affirm with a solemn appeal to God for the truth of the declaration; to make (a promise, threat, or resolve) under oath.
Swear	To put to an oath; to cause to take an oath; to administer an oath to; -- ofetn followed by in or into; as, to swear witnesses; to swear a jury; to swear in an officer; he was sworn into office.
Swear	To declare or charge upon oath; as, he swore treason against his friend.
Swear	To appeal to by an oath.
Swearer	One who swears; one who calls God to witness for the truth of his declaration.
Swearer	A profane person; one who uses profane language.
Swearing	a. & n. from Swear, v.
Sweat	of Sweat
Sweated	of Sweat
Swat	of Sweat
Sweating	of Sweat
Sweat	To excrete sensible moisture from the pores of the skin; to perspire.
Sweat	Fig.: To perspire in toil; to work hard; to drudge.
Sweat	To emit moisture, as green plants in a heap.
Sweat	To cause to excrete moisture from the skin; to cause to perspire; as, his physicians attempted to sweat him by most powerful sudorifics.
Sweat	To emit or suffer to flow from the pores; to exude.
Sweat	To unite by heating, after the application of soldier.
Sweat	To get something advantageous, as money, property, or labor from (any one), by exaction or oppression; as, to sweat a spendthrift; to sweat laborers.
Sweat	The fluid which is excreted from the skin of an animal; the fluid secreted by the sudoriferous glands; a transparent, colorless, acid liquid with a peculiar odor, containing some fatty acids and mineral matter; perspiration. See Perspiration.
Sweat	The act of sweating; or the state of one who sweats; hence, labor; toil; drudgery.
Sweat	Moisture issuing from any substance; as, the sweat of hay or grain in a mow or stack.
Sweat	The sweating sickness.
Sweat	A short run by a race horse in exercise.
Sweater	One who sweats.
Sweater	One who, or that which, causes to sweat
Sweater	A sudorific.
Sweater	A woolen jacket or jersey worn by athletes.
Sweater	An employer who oppresses his workmen by paying low wages.
Sweatily	In a sweaty manner.
Sweatiness	Quality or state of being sweaty.
Sweating	a. & n. from Sweat, v.
Sweaty	Moist with sweat; as, a sweaty skin; a sweaty garment.
Sweaty	Consisting of sweat; of the nature of sweat.
Sweaty	Causing sweat; hence, laborious; toilsome; difficult.
Swede	A native or inhabitant of Sweden.
Swede	A Swedish turnip. See under Turnip.
Swedenborgian	One who holds the doctrines of the New Jerusalem church, as taught by Emanuel Swedenborg, a Swedish philosopher and religious writer, who was born a. d. 1688 and died 1772. Swedenborg claimed to have intercourse with the spiritual world, through the opening of his spiritual senses in 1745. He taught that the Lord Jesus Christ, as comprehending in himself all the fullness of the Godhead, is the one only God, and that there is a spiritual sense to the Scriptures, which he (Swedenborg) was able to reveal, because he saw the correspondence between natural and spiritual things.
Swedenborgian	Of or pertaining to Swedenborg or his views.
Swedenborgianism	The doctrines of the Swedenborgians.
Swedish	Of or pertaining to Sweden or its inhabitants.
Swedish	The language of Swedes.
Sweeny	An atrophy of the muscles of the shoulder in horses; also, atrophy of any muscle in horses.
Swept	of Sweep
Sweeping	of Sweep
Sweep	To pass a broom across (a surface) so as to remove loose dirt, dust, etc.; to brush, or rub over, with a broom for the purpose of cleaning; as, to sweep a floor, the street, or a chimney. Used also figuratively.
Sweep	To drive or carry along or off with a broom or a brush, or as if with a broom; to remove by, or as if by, brushing; as, to sweep dirt from a floor; the wind sweeps the snow from the hills; a freshet sweeps away a dam, timber, or rubbish; a pestilence sweeps off multitudes.
Sweep	To brush against or over; to rub lightly along.
Sweep	To carry with a long, swinging, or dragging motion; hence, to carry in a stately or proud fashion.
Sweep	To strike with a long stroke.
Sweep	To draw or drag something over; as, to sweep the bottom of a river with a net.
Sweep	To pass over, or traverse, with the eye or with an instrument of observation; as, to sweep the heavens with a telescope.
Sweep	To clean rooms, yards, etc., or to clear away dust, dirt, litter, etc., with a broom, brush, or the like.
Sweep	To brush swiftly over the surface of anything; to pass with switness and force, as if brushing the surface of anything; to move in a stately manner; as, the wind sweeps across the plain; a woman sweeps through a drawing-room.
Sweep	To pass over anything comprehensively; to range through with rapidity; as, his eye sweeps through space.
Sweep	The act of sweeping.
Sweep	The compass or range of a stroke; as, a long sweep.
Sweep	The compass of any turning body or of any motion; as, the sweep of a door; the sweep of the eye.
Sweep	The compass of anything flowing or brushing; as, the flood carried away everything within its sweep.
Sweep	Violent and general destruction; as, the sweep of an epidemic disease.
Sweep	Direction and extent of any motion not rectlinear; as, the sweep of a compass.
Sweep	Direction or departure of a curve, a road, an arch, or the like, away from a rectlinear line.
Sweep	One who sweeps; a sweeper; specifically, a chimney sweeper.
Sweep	A movable templet for making molds, in loam molding.
Sweep	The mold of a ship when she begins to curve in at the rungheads; any part of a ship shaped in a segment of a circle.
Sweep	A large oar used in small vessels, partly to propel them and partly to steer them.
Sweep	The almond furnace.
Sweep	A long pole, or piece of timber, moved on a horizontal fulcrum fixed to a tall post and used to raise and lower a bucket in a well for drawing water.
Sweep	In the game of casino, a pairing or combining of all the cards on the board, and so removing them all; in whist, the winning of all the tricks (thirteen) in a hand; a slam.
Sweep	The sweeping of workshops where precious metals are worked, containing filings, etc.
Sweepage	The crop of hay got in a meadow.
Sweeper	One who, or that which, sweeps, or cleans by sweeping; a sweep; as, a carpet sweeper.
Sweeping	Cleaning off surfaces, or cleaning away dust, dirt, or litter, as a broom does; moving with swiftness and force; carrying everything before it; including in its scope many persons or things; as, a sweeping flood; a sweeping majority; a sweeping accusation.
Sweepings	Things collected by sweeping; rubbish; as, the sweepings of a street.
Sweep-saw	A bow-saw.
Sweepstake	A winning of all the stakes or prizes.
Sweepstake	A complete removal or carrying away; a clean sweep.
Sweepstakes	A winning of all the stakes or prizes; a sweepstake.
Sweepstakes	The whole money or other things staked at a horse race, a given sum being put up for each horse, all of which goes to the winner, or is divided among several, as may be previously agreed.
Sweepstakes	A race for all the sums staked or prizes offered.
Sweepwasher	One who extracts the residuum of precious metals from the sweepings, potsherds, etc., of refineries of gold and silver, or places where these metals are used.
Sweepy	Moving with a sweeping motion.
Sweet	Having an agreeable taste or flavor such as that of sugar; saccharine; -- opposed to sour and bitter; as, a sweet beverage; sweet fruits; sweet oranges.
Sweet	Pleasing to the smell; fragrant; redolent; balmy; as, a sweet rose; sweet odor; sweet incense.
Sweet	Pleasing to the ear; soft; melodious; harmonious; as, the sweet notes of a flute or an organ; sweet music; a sweet voice; a sweet singer.
Sweet	Pleasing to the eye; beautiful; mild and attractive; fair; as, a sweet face; a sweet color or complexion.
Sweet	Fresh; not salt or brackish; as, sweet water.
Sweet	Not changed from a sound or wholesome state. Specifically: (a) Not sour; as, sweet milk or bread. (b) Not state; not putrescent or putrid; not rancid; as, sweet butter; sweet meat or fish.
Sweet	Plaesing to the mind; mild; gentle; calm; amiable; winning; presuasive; as, sweet manners.
Sweet	That which is sweet to the taste; -- used chiefly in the plural.
Sweet	Confectionery, sweetmeats, preserves, etc.
Sweet	Home-made wines, cordials, metheglin, etc.
Sweet	That which is sweet or pleasant in odor; a perfume.
Sweet	That which is pleasing or grateful to the mind; as, the sweets of domestic life.
Sweet	One who is dear to another; a darling; -- a term of endearment.
Sweet	Sweetly.
Sweet	To sweeten.
Sweetbread	Either the thymus gland or the pancreas, the former being called neck, / throat, sweetbread, the latter belly sweetbread. The sweetbreads of ruminants, esp. of the calf, are highly esteemed as food. See Pancreas, and Thymus.
Sweetbread	The pancreas.
Sweet-breasted	Having a sweet, musical voice, as the nightingale.  Cf. Breast, n., 6.
Sweetbrier	A kind of rose (Rosa rubiginosa) with minutely glandular and fragrant foliage. The small-flowered sweetbrier is Rosa micrantha.
Sweetened	of Sweeten
Sweetening	of Sweeten
Sweeten	To make sweet to the taste; as, to sweeten tea.
Sweeten	To make pleasing or grateful to the mind or feelings; as, to sweeten life; to sweeten friendship.
Sweeten	To make mild or kind; to soften; as, to sweeten the temper.
Sweeten	To make less painful or laborious; to relieve; as, to sweeten the cares of life.
Sweeten	To soften to the eye; to make delicate.
Sweeten	To make pure and salubrious by destroying noxious matter; as, to sweeten rooms or apartments that have been infected; to sweeten the air.
Sweeten	To make warm and fertile; -- opposed to sour; as, to dry and sweeten soils.
Sweeten	To restore to purity; to free from taint; as, to sweeten water, butter, or meat.
Sweeten	To become sweet.
Sweetener	One who, or that which, sweetens; one who palliates; that which moderates acrimony.
Sweetening	The act of making sweet.
Sweetening	That which sweetens.
Sweetheart	A lover of mistress.
Sweethearting	Making love.
Sweeting	A sweet apple.
Sweeting	A darling; -- a word of endearment.
Sweetish	Somewhat sweet.
Sweetly	In a sweet manner.
Sweetmeat	Fruit preserved with sugar, as peaches, pears, melons, nuts, orange peel, etc.; -- usually in the plural; a confect; a confection.
Sweetmeat	The paint used in making patent leather.
Sweetmeat	A boat shell (Crepidula fornicata) of the American coast.
Sweetness	The quality or state of being sweet (in any sense of the adjective); gratefulness to the taste or to the smell; agreeableness.
Sweetroot	Licorice.
Sweet-scented	Having a sweet scent or smell; fragrant.
Sweet-sop	A kind of custard apple (Anona squamosa). See under Custard.
Sweetwater	A variety of white grape, having a sweet watery juice; -- also called white sweetwater, and white muscadine.
Sweetweed	A name for two tropical American weeds (Capraria biflora, and Scoparia dulcis) of the Figwort family.
Sweetwood	The true laurel (Laurus nobilis.)
Sweetwood	The timber of the tree Oreodaphne Leucoxylon, growing in Jamaica. The name is also applied to the timber of several other related trees.
Sweetwort	Any plant of a sweet taste.
Sweigh	Sway; movement.
Sweinmote	See Swainmote.
Swelled	of Swell
Swelled	of Swell
Swollen	of Swell
Swelling	of Swell
Swell	To grow larger; to dilate or extend the exterior surface or dimensions, by matter added within, or by expansion of the inclosed substance; as, the legs swell in dropsy; a bruised part swells; a bladder swells by inflation.
Swell	To increase in size or extent by any addition; to increase in volume or force; as, a river swells, and overflows its banks; sounds swell or diminish.
Swell	To rise or be driven into waves or billows; to heave; as, in tempest, the ocean swells into waves.
Swell	To be puffed up or bloated; as, to swell with pride.
Swell	To be inflated; to belly; as, the sails swell.
Swell	To be turgid, bombastic, or extravagant; as, swelling words; a swelling style.
Swell	To protuberate; to bulge out; as, a cask swells in the middle.
Swell	To be elated; to rise arrogantly.
Swell	To grow upon the view; to become larger; to expand.
Swell	To become larger in amount; as, many little debts added, swell to a great amount.
Swell	To act in a pompous, ostentatious, or arrogant manner; to strut; to look big.
Swell	To increase the size, bulk, or dimensions of; to cause to rise, dilate, or increase; as, rains and dissolving snow swell the rivers in spring; immigration swells the population.
Swell	To aggravate; to heighten.
Swell	To raise to arrogance; to puff up; to inflate; as, to be swelled with pride or haughtiness.
Swell	To augment gradually in force or loudness, as the sound of a note.
Swell	The act of swelling.
Swell	Gradual increase.
Swell	Increase or augmentation in bulk; protuberance.
Swell	Increase in height; elevation; rise.
Swell	Increase of force, intensity, or volume of sound.
Swell	Increase of power in style, or of rhetorical force.
Swell	A gradual ascent, or rounded elevation, of land; as, an extensive plain abounding with little swells.
Swell	A wave, or billow; especially, a succession of large waves; the roll of the sea after a storm; as, a heavy swell sets into the harbor.
Swell	A gradual increase and decrease of the volume of sound; the crescendo and diminuendo combined; -- generally indicated by the sign.
Swell	A showy, dashing person; a dandy.
Swell	Having the characteristics of a person of rank and importance; showy; dandified; distinguished; as, a swell person; a swell neighborhood.
Swelldom	People of rank and fashion; the class of swells, collectively.
Swellfish	Any plectognath fish that dilates itself, as the bur fish, puffer, or diodon.
Swelling	The act of that which swells; as, the swelling of rivers in spring; the swelling of the breast with pride.
Swelling	A protuberance; a prominence
Swelling	an unnatural prominence or protuberance; as, a scrofulous swelling.
Swellish	Dandified; stylish.
Swelltoad	A swellfish.
Swelt	imp. of Swell.
Swelt	To die; to perish.
Swelt	To faint; to swoon.
Swelt	To overpower, as with heat; to cause to faint; to swelter.
Sweltered	of Swelter
Sweltering	of Swelter
Swelter	To be overcome and faint with heat; to be ready to perish with heat.
Swelter	To welter; to soak.
Swelter	To oppress with heat.
Swelter	To exude, like sweat.
Sweltry	Suffocating with heat; oppressively hot; sultry.
Swelve	To swallow.
Swept	imp. & p. p. of Sweep.
Swerd	See Sward, n. & v.
Swerd	Sword.
Swerved	of Swerve
Swerving	of Swerve
Swerve	To stray; to wander; to rope.
Swerve	To go out of a straight line; to deflect.
Swerve	To wander from any line prescribed, or from a rule or duty; to depart from what is established by law, duty, custom, or the like; to deviate.
Swerve	To bend; to incline.
Swerve	To climb or move upward by winding or turning.
Swerve	To turn aside.
Sweven	A vision seen in sleep; a dream.
Swich	Such.
Swietenia	A genus of meliaceous trees consisting of one species (Sweitenia Mahogoni), the mahogany tree.
Swift	Moving a great distance in a short time; moving with celerity or velocity; fleet; rapid; quick; speedy; prompt.
Swift	Of short continuance; passing away quickly.
Swift	Swiftly.
Swift	The current of a stream.
Swift	Any one of numerous species of small, long-winged, insectivorous birds of the family Micropodidae. In form and habits the swifts resemble swallows, but they are destitute of complex vocal muscles and are not singing birds, but belong to a widely different group allied to the humming birds.
Swift	Any one of several species of lizards, as the pine lizard.
Swift	The ghost moth. See under Ghost.
Swift	A reel, or turning instrument, for winding yarn, thread, etc.; -- used chiefly in the plural.
Swift	The main card cylinder of a flax-carding machine.
Swifter	A rope used to retain the bars of the capstan in their sockets while men are turning it.
Swifter	A rope used to encircle a boat longitudinally, to strengthen and defend her sides.
Swifter	The forward shroud of a lower mast.
Swifter	To tighten, as slack standing rigging, by bringing the opposite shrouds nearer.
Swiftfoot	Nimble; fleet.
Swiftfoot	The courser.
Swiftlet	Any one of numerous species of small East Indian and Asiatic swifts of the genus Collocalia. Some of the species are noted for furnishing the edible bird's nest. See Illust. under Edible.
Swiftly	In a swift manner; with quick motion or velocity; fleetly.
Swiftness	The quality or state of being swift; speed; quickness; celerity; velocity; rapidity; as, the swiftness of a bird; the swiftness of a stream; swiftness of descent in a falling body; swiftness of thought, etc.
Swig	To drink in long draughts; to gulp; as, to swig cider.
Swig	To suck.
Swig	A long draught.
Swig	A tackle with ropes which are not parallel.
Swig	A beverage consisting of warm beer flavored with spices, lemon, etc.
Swig	To castrate, as a ram, by binding the testicles tightly with a string, so that they mortify and slough off.
Swig	To pull upon (a tackle) by throwing the weight of the body upon the fall between the block and a cleat.
Swilled	of Swill
Swilling	of Swill
Swill	To wash; to drench.
Swill	To drink in great draughts; to swallow greedily.
Swill	To inebriate; to fill with drink.
Swill	To drink greedily or swinishly; to drink to excess.
Swill	The wash, or mixture of liquid substances, given to swine; hogwash; -- called also swillings.
Swill	Large draughts of liquor; drink taken in excessive quantities.
Swiller	One who swills.
Swillings	See Swill, n., 1.
Swam	of Swim
Swum	of Swim
Swum	of Swim
Swimming	of Swim
Swim	To be supported by water or other fluid; not to sink; to float; as, any substance will swim, whose specific gravity is less than that of the fluid in which it is immersed.
Swim	To move progressively in water by means of strokes with the hands and feet, or the fins or the tail.
Swim	To be overflowed or drenched.
Swim	Fig.: To be as if borne or floating in a fluid.
Swim	To be filled with swimming animals.
Swim	To pass or move over or on by swimming; as, to swim a stream.
Swim	To cause or compel to swim; to make to float; as, to swim a horse across a river.
Swim	To immerse in water that the lighter parts may float; as, to swim wheat in order to select seed.
Swim	The act of swimming; a gliding motion, like that of one swimming.
Swim	The sound, or air bladder, of a fish.
Swim	A part of a stream much frequented by fish.
Swim	To be dizzy; to have an unsteady or reeling sensation; as, the head swims.
Swimbel	A moaning or sighing sound or noise; a sough.
Swimmer	One who swims.
Swimmer	A protuberance on the leg of a horse.
Swimmer	A swimming bird; one of the natatores.
Swimmeret	One of a series of flat, fringed, and usually bilobed, appendages, of which several pairs occur on the abdominal somites of many crustaceans. They are used as fins in swimming.
Swimming	That swims; capable of swimming; adapted to, or used in, swimming; as, a swimming bird; a swimming motion.
Swimming	Suffused with moisture; as, swimming eyes.
Swimming	The act of one who swims.
Swimming	Being in a state of vertigo or dizziness; as, a swimming brain.
Swimming	Vertigo; dizziness; as, a swimming in the head.
Swimmingly	In an easy, gliding manner, as if swimming; smoothly; successfully; prosperously.
Swimmingness	Act or state of swimming; suffusion.
Swinck	See Swink.
Swindled	of Swindle
Swindling	of Swindle
Swindle	To cheat defraud grossly, or with deliberate artifice; as, to swindle a man out of his property.
Swindle	The act or process of swindling; a cheat.
Swindler	One who swindles, or defrauds grossly; one who makes a practice of defrauding others by imposition or deliberate artifice; a cheat.
Swindlery	Swindling; rougery.
Swine	Any animal of the hog kind, especially one of the domestical species. Swine secrete a large amount of subcutaneous fat, which, when extracted, is known as lard. The male is specifically called boar, the female, sow, and the young, pig. See Hog.
Swinebread	The truffle.
Swinecase	A hogsty.
Swinecote	A hogsty.
Swinecrue	A hogsty.
Swinefish	The wolf fish.
Swineherd	A keeper of swine.
Swinepipe	The European redwing.
Swine-pox	A variety of the chicken pox, with acuminated vesicles containing a watery fluid; the water pox.
Swineery	Same as Piggery.
Swinestone	See Stinkstone.
Swinesty	A sty, or pen, for swine.
Swung	of Swing
Swang	of Swing
Swinging	of Swing
Swing	To move to and fro, as a body suspended in the air; to wave; to vibrate; to oscillate.
Swing	To sway or move from one side or direction to another; as, the door swung open.
Swing	To use a swing; as, a boy swings for exercise or pleasure. See Swing, n., 3.
Swing	To turn round by action of wind or tide when at anchor; as, a ship swings with the tide.
Swing	To be hanged.
Swing	To cause to swing or vibrate; to cause to move backward and forward, or from one side to the other.
Swing	To give a circular movement to; to whirl; to brandish; as, to swing a sword; to swing a club; hence, colloquially, to manage; as, to swing a business.
Swing	To admit or turn (anything) for the purpose of shaping it; -- said of a lathe; as, the lathe can swing a pulley of 12 inches diameter.
Swing	The act of swinging; a waving, oscillating, or vibratory motion of a hanging or pivoted object; oscillation; as, the swing of a pendulum.
Swing	Swaying motion from one side or direction to the other; as, some men walk with a swing.
Swing	A line, cord, or other thing suspended and hanging loose, upon which anything may swing; especially, an apparatus for recreation by swinging, commonly consisting of a rope, the two ends of which are attached overhead, as to the bough of a tree, a seat being placed in the loop at the bottom; also, any contrivance by which a similar motion is produced for amusement or exercise.
Swing	Influence of power of a body put in swaying motion.
Swing	Capacity of a turning lathe, as determined by the diameter of the largest object that can be turned in it.
Swing	Free course; unrestrained liberty or license; tendency.
Swingdevil	The European swift.
Swinge	See Singe.
Swinged	of Swinge
Swingeing	of Swinge
Swinge	To beat soundly; to whip; to chastise; to punish.
Swinge	To move as a lash; to lash.
Swinge	The sweep of anything in motion; a swinging blow; a swing.
Swinge	Power; sway; influence.
Swingebuckler	A swashbuckler; a bully; a roisterer.
Swingeing	Huge; very large.
Swingel	The swinging part of a flail which falls on the grain in thrashing; the swiple.
Swinger	One who swings or whirls.
Swinger	One who swinges.
Swinger	Anything very large, forcible, or astonishing.
Swinger	A person who engages frequently in lively and fashionable pursuits, such as attending night clubs or discos.
Swinger	A person who engages freely in sexual intercourse.
Swingle	To dangle; to wave hanging.
Swingle	To swing for pleasure.
Swingled	of Swingle
Swingling	of Swingle
Swingle	To clean, as flax, by beating it with a swingle, so as to separate the coarse parts and the woody substance from it; to scutch.
Swingle	To beat off the tops of without pulling up the roots; -- said of weeds.
Swingle	A wooden instrument like a large knife, about two feet long, with one thin edge, used for beating and cleaning flax; a scutcher; -- called also swingling knife, swingling staff, and swingling wand.
Swinglebar	A swingletree.
Swingletail	The thrasher, or fox shark. See Thrasher.
Swingletree	A whiffletree, or whippletree. See Singletree.
Swingling	a. & n. from Swingle, v. t.
Swingtree	The bar of a carriage to which the traces are fastened; the whiffletree.
Swinish	Of or pertaining to swine; befitting swine; like swine; hoggish; gross; beasty; as, a swinish drunkard or sot.
Swank	of Swink
Swonk	of Swink
Swonken	of Swink
Swinking	of Swink
Swink	To labor; to toil; to salve.
Swink	To cause to toil or drudge; to tire or exhaust with labor.
Swink	To acquire by labor.
Swink	Labor; toil; drudgery.
Swinker	A laborer.
Swinney	See Sweeny.
Swipe	A swape or sweep. See Sweep.
Swipe	A strong blow given with a sweeping motion, as with a bat or club.
Swipe	Poor, weak beer; small beer.
Swiped	of Swipe
Swiping	of Swipe
Swipe	To give a swipe to; to strike forcibly with a sweeping motion, as a ball.
Swipe	To pluck; to snatch; to steal.
Swiple	That part of a flail which strikes the grain in thrashing; a swingel.
Swipper	Nimble; quick.
Swirled	of Swirl
Swirling	of Swirl
Swirl	To whirl, or cause to whirl, as in an eddy.
Swirl	A whirling motion; an eddy, as of water; a whirl.
Swish	To flourish, so as to make the sound swish.
Swish	To flog; to lash.
Swish	To dash; to swash.
Swish	A sound of quick movement, as of something whirled through the air.
Swish	Light driven spray.
Swiss	A native or inhabitant of Switzerland; a Switzer; the people of Switzerland.
Swiss	Of or pertaining to Switzerland, or the people of Switzerland.
Switch	A small, flexible twig or rod.
Switch	A movable part of a rail; or of opposite rails, for transferring cars from one track to another.
Switch	A separate mass or trees of hair, or of some substance (at jute) made to resemble hair, worn on the head by women.
Switch	A mechanical device for shifting an electric current to another circuit.
Switched	of Switch
Switching	of Switch
Switch	To strike with a switch or small flexible rod; to whip.
Switch	To swing or whisk; as, to switch a cane.
Switch	To trim, as, a hedge.
Switch	To turn from one railway track to another; to transfer by a switch; -- generally with off, from, etc.; as, to switch off a train; to switch a car from one track to another.
Switch	To shift to another circuit.
Switch	To walk with a jerk.
Switchel	A beverage of molasses and water, seasoned with vinegar and ginger.
Switching	a. & n. from Switch, v.
Switchmen	of Switchman
Switchman	One who tends a switch on a railway.
Switchy	Whisking.
Swithe	Instantly; quickly; speedily; rapidly.
Switzer	A native or inhabitant of Switzerland; a Swiss.
Swive	To copulate with (a woman).
Swivel	A piece, as a ring or hook, attached to another piece by a pin, in such a manner as to permit rotation about the pin as an axis.
Swivel	A small piece of ordnance, turning on a point or swivel; -- called also swivel gun.
Swivel	To swing or turn, as on a pin or pivot.
Swivel-eyed	Squint-eyed.
Swizzle	To drink; to swill.
Swizzle	Ale and beer mixed; also, drink generally.
Swob	See Swab.
Swobber	See Swabber.
Swobber	Four privileged cards, formerly used in betting at the game of whist.
Swollen	p. p. of Swell.
Swollen	Enlarged by swelling; immoderately increased; as, swollen eyes; swollen streams.
Swoln	Contraction of Swollen, p. p.
Swom	imp. of Swim.
Swooned	of Swoon
Swooning	of Swoon
Swoon	To sink into a fainting fit, in which there is an apparent suspension of the vital functions and mental powers; to faint; -- often with away.
Swoon	A fainting fit; syncope.
Swooning	a. & n. from Swoon, v.
Swooped	of Swoop
Swooping	of Swoop
Swoop	To fall on at once and seize; to catch while on the wing; as, a hawk swoops a chicken.
Swoop	To seize; to catch up; to take with a sweep.
Swoop	To descend with closed wings from a height upon prey, as a hawk; to swoop.
Swoop	To pass with pomp; to sweep.
Swoop	A falling on and seizing, as the prey of a rapacious bird; the act of swooping.
Swoopstake	See Sweepstake.
Swoopstake	Altogether; indiscriminately.
Swop	Same as Swap.
Sword	An offensive weapon, having a long and usually sharp/pointed blade with a cutting edge or edges. It is the general term, including the small sword, rapier, saber, scimiter, and many other varieties.
Sword	Hence, the emblem of judicial vengeance or punishment, or of authority and power.
Sword	Destruction by the sword, or in battle; war; dissension.
Sword	The military power of a country.
Sword	One of the end bars by which the lay of a hand loom is suspended.
Swordbill	A humming bird (Docimastes ensiferus) having a very long, slender bill, exceeding the length of the body of the bird.
Sworded	Girded with a sword.
Sworder	One who uses, or fights with, a sword; a swordsman; a soldier; a cutthroat.
Swordfish	A very large oceanic fish (Xiphias gladius), the only representative of the family Xiphiidae. It is highly valued as a food fish. The bones of the upper jaw are consolidated, and form a long, rigid, swordlike beak; the dorsal fin is high and without distinct spines; the ventral fins are absent. The adult is destitute of teeth. It becomes sixteen feet or more long.
Swordfish	The gar pike.
Swordfish	The cutlass fish.
Swordfish	A southern constellation. See Dorado, 1.
Swordick	The spotted gunnel (Muraenoides gunnellus).
Swording	Slashing with a sword.
Swordless	Destitute of a sword.
Swordmen	of Swordman
Swordman	A swordsman.
Swordplay	Fencing; a sword fight.
Swordplayer	A fencer; a gladiator; one who exhibits his skill in the use of the sword.
Sword-shaped	Shaped like a sword; ensiform, as the long, flat leaves of the Iris, cattail, and the like.
Swordsmen	of Swordsman
Swordsman	A soldier; a fighting man.
Swordsman	One skilled of a use of the sword; a professor of the science of fencing; a fencer.
Swordsmanship	The state of being a swordsman; skill in the use of the sword.
Swordtail	The limulus.
Swordtail	Any hemipterous insect of the genus Uroxiphus, found upon forest trees.
Swore	imp. of Swear.
Sworn	p. p. of Swear.
Swough	A sound; a groan; a moan; a sough.
Swough	A swoon.
Swound	See Swoon, v. & n.
'Swounds	An exclamation contracted from God's wounds; -- used as an oath.
Swown	Swoon.
Swum	imp. & p. p. of Swim.
Swung	imp. & p. p. of Swing.
Swythe	Quickly. See Swithe.
Sy	Saw.
Syb	See Sib.
Sybarite	A person devoted to luxury and pleasure; a voluptuary.
Sybaritic	Alt. of Sybaritical
Sybaritical	Of or pertaining to the Sybarites; resembling the Sybarites; luxurious; wanton; effeminate.
Sybaritism	Luxuriousness; effeminacy; wantonness; voluptuousness.
Sycamine	See Sycamore.
Sycamore	A large tree (Ficus Sycomorus) allied to the common fig.  It is found in Egypt and Syria, and is the sycamore, or sycamine, of Scripture.
Sycamore	The American plane tree, or buttonwood.
Sycamore	A large European species of maple (Acer Pseudo-Platanus).
Syce	A groom.
Sycee	Silver, pounded into ingots of the shape of a shoe, and used as currency. The most common weight is about one pound troy.
Sychnocarpous	Having the capacity of bearing several successive crops of fruit without perishing; as, sychnocarpous plants.
Sycite	A nodule of flint, or a pebble, which resembles a fig.
Sycoceric	Of, pertaining to, or designating, an acid obtained by the oxidation of sycoceryl alcohol.
Sycoceryl	A radical, of the aromatic series, regarded as an essential ingredient of certain compounds found in the waxy resin of an Australian species of fig.
Sycock	The missel thrush.
Sycones	A division of calcareous sponges.
Syconium	Alt. of Syconus
Syconus	A collective fleshy fruit, in which the ovaries are hidden within a hollow receptacle, as in the fig.
Sycophancy	The character or characteristic of a sycophant.
Sycophancy	False accusation; calumniation; talebearing.
Sycophancy	Obsequious flattery; servility.
Sycophant	An informer; a talebearer.
Sycophant	A base parasite; a mean or servile flatterer; especially, a flatterer of princes and great men.
Sycophant	To inform against; hence, to calumniate.
Sycophant	To play the sycophant toward; to flatter obsequiously.
Sycophant	To play the sycophant.
Sycophantcy	Sycophancy.
Sycophantic	Alt. of Sycophantical
Sycophantical	Of or pertaining to a sycophant; characteristic of a sycophant; meanly or obsequiously flattering; courting favor by mean adulation; parasitic.
Sycophantish	Like a sycophant; obsequiously flattering.
Sycophantism	Sycophancy.
Sycophantize	To play the sycophant.
Sycophantry	Sycophancy.
Sycosis	A pustular eruption upon the scalp, or the beared part of the face, whether due to ringworm, acne, or impetigo.
Syderolite	A kind of Bohemian earthenware resembling the Wedgwood ware.
Sye	Saw.
Syenite	Orig., a rock composed of quartz, hornblende, and feldspar, anciently quarried at Syene, in Upper Egypt, and now called granite.
Syenite	A granular, crystalline, ingeous rock composed of orthoclase and hornblende, the latter often replaced or accompanied by pyroxene or mica. Syenite sometimes contains nephelite (elaeolite) or leucite, and is then called nephelite (elaeolite) syenite or leucite syenite.
Syenitic	Relating to Syene; as, Syenitic inscriptions.
Syenitic	Relating to, or like, syenite; as, syenitic granite.
Syke	See Sike.
Syker	See Sicker.
Syle	A young herring (Clupea harengus).
Syllabaria	of Syllabarium
Syllabarium	A syllabary.
Syllabary	A table of syllables; more especially, a table of the indivisible syllabic symbols used in certain languages, as the Japanese and Cherokee, instead of letters.
Syllabe	Syllable.
Syllabic	Alt. of Syllabical
Syllabical	Of or pertaining to a syllable or syllables; as, syllabic accent.
Syllabical	Consisting of a syllable or syllables; as, a syllabic augment.
Syllabically	In a syllabic manner.
Syllabicated	of Syllabicate
Syllabicating	of Syllabicate
Syllabicate	To form or divide into syllables; to syllabify.
Syllabication	The act of forming syllables; the act or method of dividing words into syllables. See Guide to Pron., /275.
Syllabification	Same as Syllabication.
Syllabified	of Syllabify
Syllabifying	of Syllabify
Syllabify	To form or divide into syllables.
Syllabism	The expressing of the sounds of a language by syllables, rather than by an alphabet or by signs for words.
Syllabist	One who forms or divides words into syllables, or is skilled in doing this.
Syllabize	To syllabify.
Syllable	An elementary sound, or a combination of elementary sounds, uttered together, or with a single effort or impulse of the voice, and constituting a word or a part of a word. In other terms, it is a vowel or a diphtong, either by itself or flanked by one or more consonants, the whole produced by a single impulse or utterance. One of the liquids, l, m, n, may fill the place of a vowel in a syllable. Adjoining syllables in a word or phrase need not to be marked off by a pause, but only by such an abatement and renewal, or reenforcement, of the stress as to give the feeling of separate impulses. See Guide to Pronunciation, /275.
Syllable	In writing and printing, a part of a word, separated from the rest, and capable of being pronounced by a single impulse of the voice. It may or may not correspond to a syllable in the spoken language.
Syllable	A small part of a sentence or discourse; anything concise or short; a particle.
Syllable	To pronounce the syllables of; to utter; to articulate.
Syllabub	Same as Syllabub.
Syllabuses	of Syllabus
Syllabi	of Syllabus
Syllabus	A compendium containing the heads of a discourse, and the like; an abstract.
Syllepsis	A figure of speech by which a word is used in a literal and metaphorical sense at the same time.
Syllepsis	The agreement of a verb or adjective with one, rather than another, of two nouns, with either of which it might agree in gender, number, etc.; as, rex et regina beati.
Sylleptic	Alt. of Sylleptical
Sylleptical	Of or pertaining to a syllepsis; containing syllepsis.
Syllidian	Any one of numerous species of marine annelids of the family Syllidae.
Syllogism	The regular logical form of every argument, consisting of three propositions, of which the first two are called the premises, and the last, the conclusion. The conclusion necessarily follows from the premises; so that, if these are true, the conclusion must be true, and the argument amounts to demonstration
Syllogistic	Alt. of Syllogistical
Syllogistical	Of or pertaining to a syllogism; consisting of a syllogism, or of the form of reasoning by syllogisms; as, syllogistic arguments or reasoning.
Syllogistically	In a syllogistic manner.
Syllogization	A reasoning by syllogisms.
Syllogized	of Syllogize
Syllogizing	of Syllogize
Syllogize	To reason by means of syllogisms.
Syllogizer	One who syllogizes.
Sylph	An imaginary being inhabiting the air; a fairy.
Sylph	Fig.: A slender, graceful woman.
Sylph	Any one of several species of very brilliant South American humming birds, having a very long and deeply-forked tail; as, the blue-tailed sylph (Cynanthus cyanurus).
Sylphid	A little sylph; a young or diminutive sylph.
Sylphine	Like a sylph.
Sylphish	Sylphlike.
Sylphlike	Like a sylph; airy; graceful.
Sylvae	of Sylva
Sylva	Same as Silva.
Sylvan	Of or pertaining to a sylva; forestlike; hence, rural; rustic.
Sylvan	Abounding in forests or in trees; woody.
Sylvan	A fabled deity of the wood; a satyr; a faun; sometimes, a rustic.
Sylvan	A liquid hydrocarbon obtained together with furfuran (tetrol) by the distillation of pine wood; -- called also methyl tetrol, or methyl furfuran.
Sylvanite	A mineral, a telluride of gold and silver, of a steel-gray, silver-white, or brass-yellow color. It often occurs in implanted crystals resembling written characters, and hence is called graphic tellurium.
Sylvanium	An old name for tellurium.
Sylvate	A salt of sylvic acid.
Sylvatic	Sylvan.
Sylvestrian	Sylvan.
Sylvic	Of, pertaining to, or resembling, pine or its products; specifically, designating an acid called also abeitic acid, which is the chief ingredient of common resin (obtained from Pinus sylvestris, and other species).
Sylvicoline	Of or pertaining to the family of warblers (Sylvicolidae). See Warbler.
Sylviculture	The cultivation of forest trees for timber or other purposes; forestry; arboriculture.
Sylviculturist	One who cultivates forest trees, especially as a business.
Sylvine	Alt. of Sylvite
Sylvite	Native potassium chloride.
Sym-	See Syn-.
Symar	Alt. of Symarr
Symarr	See Simar.
Symbal	See Cimbal.
Symbol	A visible sign or representation of an idea; anything which suggests an idea or quality, or another thing, as by resemblance or by convention; an emblem; a representation; a type; a figure; as, the lion is the symbol of courage; the lamb is the symbol of meekness or patience.
Symbol	Any character used to represent a quantity, an operation, a relation, or an abbreviation.
Symbol	An abstract or compendium of faith or doctrine; a creed, or a summary of the articles of religion.
Symbol	That which is thrown into a common fund; hence, an appointed or accustomed duty.
Symbol	Share; allotment.
Symbol	An abbreviation standing for the name of an element and consisting of the initial letter of the Latin or New Latin name, or sometimes of the initial letter with a following one; as, C for carbon, Na for sodium (Natrium), Fe for iron (Ferrum), Sn for tin (Stannum), Sb for antimony (Stibium), etc.  See the list of names and symbols under Element.
Symbol	To symbolize.
Symbolic	See Symbolics.
Symbolic	Alt. of Symbolical
Symbolical	Of or pertaining to a symbol or symbols; of the nature of a symbol; exhibiting or expressing by resemblance or signs; representative; as, the figure of an eye is symbolic of sight and knowledge.
Symbolics	The study of ancient symbols
Symbolics	that branch of historic theology which treats of creeds and confessions of faith; symbolism; -- called also symbolic.
Symbolism	The act of symbolizing, or the state of being symbolized; as, symbolism in Christian art is the representation of truth, virtues, vices, etc., by emblematic colors, signs, and forms.
Symbolism	A system of symbols or representations.
Symbolism	The practice of using symbols, or the system of notation developed thereby.
Symbolism	A combining together of parts or ingredients.
Symbolism	The science of creeds; symbolics.
Symbolist	One who employs symbols.
Symbolistic	Alt. of Symbolistical
Symbolistical	Characterized by the use of symbols; as, symbolistic poetry.
Symbolization	The act of symbolizing; symbolical representation.
Symbolized	of Symbolize
Symbolizing	of Symbolize
Symbolize	To have a resemblance of qualities or properties; to correspond; to harmonize.
Symbolize	To hold the same faith; to agree.
Symbolize	To use symbols; to represent ideas symbolically.
Symbolize	To make to agree in properties or qualities.
Symbolize	To make representative of something; to regard or treat as symbolic.
Symbolize	To represent by a symbol or symbols.
Symbolizer	One who symbolizes.
Symbological	Pertaining to a symbology; versed in, or characterized by, symbology.
Symbologist	One who practices, or who is versed in, symbology.
Symbology	The art of expressing by symbols.
Symbranchii	An order of slender eel-like fishes having the gill openings confluent beneath the neck. The pectoral arch is generally attached to the skull, and the entire margin of the upper jaw is formed by the premaxillary. Called also Symbranchia.
Symmetral	Commensurable; symmetrical.
Symmetrian	One eminently studious of symmetry of parts.
Symmetric	Symmetrical.
Symmetrical	Involving or exhibiting symmetry; proportional in parts; having its parts in due proportion as to dimensions; as, a symmetrical body or building.
Symmetrical	Having the organs or parts of one side corresponding with those of the other; having the parts in two or more series of organs the same in number; exhibiting a symmetry.  See Symmetry, 2.
Symmetrical	Having an equal number of parts in the successive circles of floral organs; -- said of flowers.
Symmetrical	Having a likeness in the form and size of floral organs of the same kind; regular.
Symmetrical	Having a common measure; commensurable.
Symmetrical	Having corresponding parts or relations.
Symmetrician	Same as Symmetrian.
Symmetrist	One eminently studious of symmetry of parts.
Symmetrized	of Symmetrize
Symmetrizing	of Symmetrize
Symmetrize	To make proportional in its parts; to reduce to symmetry.
Symmetry	A due proportion of the several parts of a body to each other; adaptation of the form or dimensions of the several parts of a thing to each other; the union and conformity of the members of a work to the whole.
Symmetry	The law of likeness; similarity of structure; regularity in form and arrangement; orderly and similar distribution of parts, such that an animal may be divided into parts which are structurally symmetrical.
Symmetry	Equality in the number of parts of the successive circles in a flower.
Symmetry	Likeness in the form and size of floral organs of the same kind; regularity.
Sympathetic	Inclined to sympathy; sympathizing.
Sympathetic	Produced by, or expressive of, sympathy.
Sympathetic	Produced by sympathy; -- applied particularly to symptoms or affections. See Sympathy.
Sympathetic	Of or relating to the sympathetic nervous system or some of its branches; produced by stimulation on the sympathetic nervious system or some part of it; as, the sympathetic saliva, a modified form of saliva, produced from some of the salivary glands by stimulation of a sympathetic nerve fiber.
Sympathetical	Sympathetic.
Sympathetically	In a sympathetic manner.
Sympathist	One who sympathizes; a sympathizer.
Sympathized	of Sympathize
Sympathizing	of Sympathize
Sympathize	To have a common feeling, as of bodily pleasure or pain.
Sympathize	To feel in consequence of what another feels; to be affected by feelings similar to those of another, in consequence of knowing the person to be thus affected.
Sympathize	To agree; to be in accord; to harmonize.
Sympathize	To experience together.
Sympathize	To ansew to; to correspond to.
Sympathizer	One who sympathizes.
Sympathies	of Sympathy
Sympathy	Feeling corresponding to that which another feels; the quality of being affected by the affection of another, with feelings correspondent in kind, if not in degree; fellow-feeling.
Sympathy	An agreement of affections or inclinations, or a conformity of natural temperament, which causes persons to be pleased, or in accord, with one another; as, there is perfect sympathy between them.
Sympathy	Kindness of feeling toward one who suffers; pity; commiseration; compassion.
Sympathy	The reciprocal influence exercised by the various organs or parts of the body on one another, as manifested in the transmission of a disease by unknown means from one organ to another quite remote, or in the influence exerted by a diseased condition of one part on another part or organ, as in the vomiting produced by a tumor of the brain.
Sympathy	That relation which exists between different persons by which one of them produces in the others a state or condition like that of himself. This is shown in the tendency to yawn which a person often feels on seeing another yawn, or the strong inclination to become hysteric experienced by many women on seeing another person suffering with hysteria.
Sympathy	A tendency of inanimate things to unite, or to act on each other; as, the sympathy between the loadstone and iron.
Sympathy	Similarity of function, use office, or the like.
Sympetalous	Having the petals united; gamopetalous.
Symphonic	Symphonious.
Symphonic	Relating to, or in the manner of, symphony; as, the symphonic form or style of composition.
Symphonious	Agreeing in sound; accordant; harmonious.
Symphonious	Symphonic.
Symphonist	A composer of symphonies.
Symphonized	of Symphonize
Symphonizing	of Symphonize
Symphonize	To agree; to be in harmony.
Symphonies	of Symphony
Symphony	A consonance or harmony of sounds, agreeable to the ear, whether the sounds are vocal or instrumental, or both.
Symphony	A stringed instrument formerly in use, somewhat resembling the virginal.
Symphony	An elaborate instrumental composition for a full orchestra, consisting usually, like the sonata, of three or four contrasted yet inwardly related movements, as the allegro, the adagio, the minuet and trio, or scherzo, and the finale in quick time. The term has recently been applied to large orchestral works in freer form, with arguments or programmes to explain their meaning, such as the "symphonic poems" of Liszt. The term was formerly applied to any composition for an orchestra, as overtures, etc., and still earlier, to certain compositions partly vocal, partly instrumental.
Symphony	An instrumental passage at the beginning or end, or in the course of, a vocal composition; a prelude, interlude, or postude; a ritornello.
Symphyla	An order of small apterous insects having an elongated body, with three pairs of thoracic and about nine pairs of abdominal legs. They are, in many respects, intermediate between myriapods and true insects.
Symphyseal	Of or pertaining to to symphysis.
Symphyseotomy	The operation of dividing the symphysis pubis for the purpose of facilitating labor; -- formerly called the Sigualtian section.
Symphyses	of Symphysis
Symphysis	An articulation formed by intervening cartilage; as, the pubic symphysis.
Symphysis	The union or coalescence of bones; also, the place of union or coalescence; as, the symphysis of the lower jaw.  Cf. Articulation.
Symphysotomy	Symphyseotomy.
Symphytism	Coalescence; a growing into one with another word.
Sympiesometer	A sensitive kind of barometer, in which the pressure of the atmosphere, acting upon a liquid, as oil, in the lower portion of the instrument, compresses an elastic gas in the upper part.
Symplectic	Plaiting or joining together; -- said of a bone next above the quadrate in the mandibular suspensorium of many fishes, which unites together the other bones of the suspensorium.
Symplectic	The symplectic bone.
Symploce	The repetition of a word or phrase at the beginning and another at the end of successive clauses; as, Justice came down from heaven to view the earth; Justice returned to heaven, and left the earth.
Sympode	A sympodium.
Sympodial	Composed of superposed branches in such a way as to imitate a simple axis; as, a sympodial stem.
Sympodia	of Sympodium
Sympodium	An axis or stem produced by dichotomous branching in which one of the branches is regularly developed at the expense of the other, as in the grapevine.
Symposiac	Of or pertaining to compotations and merrymaking; happening where company is drinking together; as, symposiac meetings.
Symposiac	A conference or conversation of philosophers at a banquet; hence, any similar gathering.
Symposiarch	The master of a feast.
Symposiast	One engaged with others at a banquet or merrymaking.
Symposion	A drinking together; a symposium.
Symposia	of Symposium
Symposium	A drinking together; a merry feast.
Symposium	A collection of short essays by different authors on a common topic; -- so called from the appellation given to the philosophical dialogue by the Greeks.
Symptom	Any affection which accompanies disease; a perceptible change in the body or its functions, which indicates disease, or the kind or phases of disease; as, the causes of disease often lie beyond our sight, but we learn their nature by the symptoms exhibited.
Symptom	A sign or token; that which indicates the existence of something else; as, corruption in elections is a symptom of the decay of public virtue.
Symptomatic	Alt. of Symptomatical
Symptomatical	Of or pertaining to symptoms; happening in concurrence with something; being a symptom; indicating the existence of something else.
Symptomatical	According to symptoms; as, a symptomatical classification of diseases.
Symptomatology	The doctrine of symptoms; that part of the science of medicine which treats of the symptoms of diseases; semeiology.
Syn-	A prefix meaning with, along with, together, at the same time. Syn- becomes sym- before p, b, and m, and syl- before l.
Synacme	Alt. of Synacmy
Synacmy	Same as Synanthesis.
Synaeresis	Alt. of Syneresis
Syneresis	The union, or drawing together into one syllable, of two vowels that are ordinarily separated in syllabification; synecphonesis; -- the opposite of diaeresis.
Synagogical	Of or pertaining to a synagogue.
Synagogue	A congregation or assembly of Jews met for the purpose of worship, or the performance of religious rites.
Synagogue	The building or place appropriated to the religious worship of the Jews.
Synagogue	The council of, probably, 120 members among the Jews, first appointed after the return from the Babylonish captivity; -- called also the Great Synagogue, and sometimes, though erroneously, the Sanhedrin.
Synagogue	A congregation in the early Christian church.
Synagogue	Any assembly of men.
Synalepha	A contraction of syllables by suppressing some vowel or diphthong at the end of a word, before another vowel or diphthong; as, th' army, for the army.
Synallagmatic	Imposing reciprocal obligations upon the parties; as, a synallagmatic contract.
Synallaxine	Having the outer and middle toes partially united; -- said of certain birds related to the creepers.
Synaloepha	Same as Synalepha.
Synangia	of Synangium
Synangium	The divided part beyond the pylangium in the aortic trunk of the amphibian heart.
Synantherous	Having the stamens united by their anthers; as, synantherous flowers.
Synanthesis	The simultaneous maturity of the anthers and stigmas of a blossom.
Synanthous	Having flowers and leaves which appear at the same time; -- said of certain plants.
Synanthrose	A variety of sugar, isomeric with sucrose, found in the tubers of the Jerusalem artichoke (Helianthus tuberosus), in the dahlia, and other Compositae.
Synapta	A genus of slender, transparent holothurians which have delicate calcareous anchors attached to the dermal plates. See Illustration in Appendix.
Synaptase	A ferment resembling diastase, found in bitter almonds.  Cf. Amygdalin, and Emulsin.
Synapticulae	of Synapticula
Synapticula	One of numerous calcareous processes which extend between, and unite, the adjacent septa of certain corals, especially of the fungian corals.
Synarchy	Joint rule or sovereignity.
Synartesis	A fastening or knitting together; the state of being closely jointed; close union.
Synarthrodia	Synarthrosis.
Synarthroses	of Synarthrosis
Synarthrosis	Immovable articulation by close union, as in sutures. It sometimes includes symphysial articulations also. See the Note under Articulation, n., 1.
Synastry	Concurrence of starry position or influence; hence, similarity of condition, fortune, etc., as prefigured by astrological calculation.
Synaxis	A congregation; also, formerly, the Lord's Supper.
Syncarp	A kind of aggregate fruit in which the ovaries cohere in a solid mass, with a slender receptacle, as in the magnolia; also, a similar multiple fruit, as a mulberry.
Syncarpia	of Syncarpium
Syncarpium	Same as Syncarp.
Syncarpous	Composed of several carpels consolidated into one ovary.
Syncategorematic	Not capable of being used as a term by itself; -- said of words, as an adverb or preposition.
Synchondroses	of Synchondrosis
Synchondrosis	An immovable articulation in which the union is formed by cartilage.
Synchondrotomy	Symphyseotomy.
Synchoresis	A concession made for the purpose of retorting with greater force.
Synchronal	Happening at, or belonging to, the same time; synchronous; simultaneous.
Synchronal	A synchronal thing or event.
Synchronical	Happening at the same time; synchronous.
Synchronism	The concurrence of events in time; simultaneousness.
Synchronism	The tabular arrangement of historical events and personages, according to their dates.
Synchronism	A representation, in the same picture, of two or events which occured at different times.
Synchronistic	Of or pertaining to synchronism; arranged according to correspondence in time; as, synchronistic tables.
Synchronization	The act of synchronizing; concurrence of events in respect to time.
Synchronized	of Synchronize
Synchronizing	of Synchronize
Synchronize	To agree in time; to be simultaneous.
Synchronize	To assign to the same date or period of time; as, to synchronize two events of Greek and Roman history.
Synchronize	To cause to agree in time; as, to synchronize the movements of different machines; to synchronize clocks.
Synchronology	Contemporaneous chronology.
Synchronous	Happening at the same time; simultaneous.
Synchrony	The concurrence of events in time; synchronism.
Synchysis	A derangement or confusion of any kind, as of words in a sentence, or of humors in the eye.
Synclastic	Curved toward the same side in all directions; -- said of surfaces which in all directions around any point bend away from a tangent plane toward the same side, as the surface of a sphere; -- opposed to anticlastic.
Synclinal	Inclined downward from opposite directions, so as to meet in a common point or line.
Synclinal	Formed by strata dipping toward a common line or plane; as, a synclinal trough or valley; a synclinal fold; -- opposed to anticlinal.
Synclinal	A synclinal fold.
Syncline	A synclinal fold.
Synclinical	Synclinal.
Synclinoria	of Synclinorium
Synclinorium	A mountain range owing its origin to the progress of a geosynclinal, and ending in a catastrophe of displacement and upturning.
Syncopal	Of or pertaining to syncope; resembling syncope.
Syncopated	of Syncopate
Syncopating	of Syncopate
Syncopate	To contract, as a word, by taking one or more letters or syllables from the middle; as, "Gloster" is a syncopated form of "Gloucester."
Syncopate	To commence, as a tone, on an unaccented part of a measure, and continue it into the following accented part, so that the accent is driven back upon the weak part and the rhythm drags.
Syncopation	The act of syncopating; the contraction of a word by taking one or more letters or syllables from the middle; syncope.
Syncopation	The act of syncopating; a peculiar figure of rhythm, or rhythmical alteration, which consists in welding into one tone the second half of one beat with the first half of the beat which follows.
Syncope	An elision or retrenchment of one or more letters or syllables from the middle of a word; as, ne'er for never, ev'ry for every.
Syncope	Same as Syncopation.
Syncope	A fainting, or swooning. See Fainting.
Syncope	A pause or cessation; suspension.
Syncopist	One who syncopates.
Syncopize	To syncopate.
Syncotyledonous	Having united cotyledonous.
Syncretic	Uniting and blending together different systems, as of philosophy, morals, or religion.
Syncretism	Attempted union of principles or parties irreconcilably at variance with each other.
Syncretist	One who attempts to unite principles or parties which are irreconcilably at variance;
Syncretist	an adherent of George Calixtus and other Germans of the seventeenth century, who sought to unite or reconcile the Protestant sects with each other and with the Roman Catholics, and thus occasioned a long and violent controversy in the Lutheran church.
Syncretistic	Pertaining to, or characterized by, syncretism; as, a syncretistic mixture of the service of Jehovah and the worship of idols.
Syncretistic	Of or pertaining to Syncretists.
Syncrisis	A figure of speech in which opposite things or persons are compared.
Syncitia	of Syncytium
Syncytium	Tissue in which the cell or partition walls are wholly wanting and the cell bodies fused together, so that the tissue consists of a continuous mass of protoplasm in which nuclei are imbedded, as in ordinary striped muscle.
Syncytium	The ectoderm of a sponge.
Syndactyle	Any bird having syndactilous feet.
Syndactylic	Syndactilous.
Syndactylous	Having the toes firmly united together for some distance, and without an intermediate web, as the kingfishers; gressorial.
Syndesmography	A description of the ligaments; syndesmology.
Syndesmology	That part of anatomy which treats of ligaments.
Syndesmoses	of Syndesmosis
Syndesmosis	An articulation formed by means of ligaments.
Syndetic	Alt. of Syndetical
Syndetical	Connecting; conjunctive; as, syndetic words or connectives; syndetic references in a dictionary.
Syndic	An officer of government, invested with different powers in different countries; a magistrate.
Syndic	An agent of a corporation, or of any body of men engaged in a business enterprise; an advocate or patron; an assignee.
Syndicate	The office or jurisdiction of a syndic; a council, or body of syndics.
Syndicate	An association of persons officially authorized to undertake some duty or to negotiate some business; also, an association of persons who combine to carry out, on their own account, a financial or industrial project; as, a syndicate of bankers formed to take up and dispose of an entire issue of government bonds.
Syndicate	To judge; to censure.
Syndrome	Concurrence.
Syndrome	A group of symptoms occurring together that are characteristic and indicative of some underlying cause, such as a disease.
Syndyasmian	Pertaining to the state of pairing together sexually; -- said of animals during periods of procreation and while rearing their offspring.
Syne	Afterwards; since; ago.
Syne	Late, -- as opposed to soon.
Syne	Since; seeing.
Synecdoche	A figure or trope by which a part of a thing is put for the whole (as, fifty sail for fifty ships), or the whole for a part (as, the smiling year for spring), the species for the genus (as, cutthroat for assassin), the genus for the species (as, a creature for a man), the name of the material for the thing made, etc.
Synecdochical	Expressed by synecdoche; implying a synecdoche.
Synecdochically	By synecdoche.
Synechia	A disease of the eye, in which the iris adheres to the cornea or to the capsule of the crystalline lens.
Synecphonesis	A contraction of two syllables into one; synizesis.
Synedral	Growing on the angles of a stem, as the leaves in some species of Selaginella.
Synentognathi	An order of fishes, resembling the Physoclisti, without spines in the dorsal, anal, and ventral fins. It includes the true flying fishes.
Synepy	The interjunction, or joining, of words in uttering the clauses of sentences.
Syneresis	Same as Synaeresis.
Synergetic	Working together; cooperating; as, synergetic muscles.
Synergism	The doctrine or theory, attributed to Melanchthon, that in the regeneration of a human soul there is a cooperation, or joint agency, on the part both of God and of man.
Synergist	One who holds the doctrine of synergism.
Synergist	A remedy which has an action similar to that of another remedy, and hence increases the efficiency of that remedy when combined with it.
Synergistic	Of or pertaining to synergism.
Synergistic	Cooperating; synergetic.
Synergy	Combined action
Synergy	the combined healthy action of every organ of a particular system; as, the digestive synergy.
Synergy	An effect of the interaction of the actions of two agents such that the result of the combined action is greater than expected as a simple additive combination of the two agents acting separately. Also synergism.
Syngenesia	A Linnaean class of plants in which the stamens are united by the anthers.
Syngenesian	Alt. of Syngenesious
Syngenesious	Having the stamens united by the anthers; of or pertaining to the Syngenesia.
Syngenesis	A theory of generation in which each germ is supposed to contain the germs of all subsequent generations; -- the opposite of epigenesis.
Syngnathi	A suborder of lophobranch fishes which have an elongated snout and lack the ventral and first dorsal fins.  The pipefishes and sea horses are examples.
Syngraph	A writing signed by both or all the parties to a contract or bond.
Synizesis	An obliteration of the pupil of the eye.
Synizesis	A contraction of two syllables into one; synecphonesis.
Synneuroses	of Synneorosis
Synneorosis	Syndesmosis.
Synocha	See Synochus.
Synochal	Of or pertaining to synocha; like synocha.
Synochus	A continuous fever.
Synocil	A sense organ found in certain sponges. It consists of several filaments, each of which arises from a single cell.
Synod	An ecclesiastic council or meeting to consult on church matters.
Synod	An assembly or council having civil authority; a legislative body.
Synod	A conjunction of two or more of the heavenly bodies.
Synodal	Synodical.
Synodal	A tribute in money formerly paid to the bishop or archdeacon, at the time of his Easter visitation, by every parish priest, now made to the ecclesiastical commissioners; a procuration.
Synodal	A constitution made in a provincial or diocesan synod.
Synodic	Alt. of Synodical
Synodical	Of or pertaining to a synod; transacted in, or authorized by, a synod; as, synodical proceedings or forms.
Synodical	Pertaining to conjunction, especially to the period between two successive conjunctions; extending from one conjunction, as of the moon or a planet with the sun, to the next; as, a synodical month (see Lunar month, under Month); the synodical revolution of the moon or a planet.
Synodically	In a synodical manner; in a synod; by the authority of a synod.
Synodist	An adherent to a synod.
Synoecious	Having stamens and pistil in the same head, or, in mosses, having antheridia and archegonia on the same receptacle.
Synomocy	Sworn brotherhood; a society in ancient Greece nearly resembling a modern political club.
Synonyms	of Synonym
Synonym	One of two or more words (commonly words of the same language) which are equivalents of each other; one of two or more words which have very nearly the same signification, and therefore may often be used interchangeably. See under Synonymous.
Synonyma	Synonyms.
Synonymal	Synonymous.
Synonymally	Synonymously.
Synonyme	Same as Synonym.
Synonymic	The science, or the scientific treatment, of synonymous words.
Synonymic	Alt. of Synonymical
Synonymical	Of or pertaining to synonyms, or synonymic; synonymous.
Synonymicon	A dictionary of synonyms.
Synonymist	One who collects or explains synonyms.
Synonymized	of Synonymize
Synonymizing	of Synonymize
Synonymize	To express by a synonym or synonyms; to give the synonym or synonyms corresponding to.
Synonymous	Having the character of a synonym; expressing the same thing; conveying the same, or approximately the same, idea.
Synonymy	The quality of being synonymous; sameness of meaning.
Synonymy	A system of synonyms.
Synonymy	A figure by which synonymous words are used to amplify a discourse.
Synopses	of Synopsis
Synopsis	A general view, or a collection of heads or parts so arranged as to exhibit a general view of the whole; an abstract or summary of a discourse; a syllabus; a conspectus.
Synoptic	Alt. of Synoptical
Synoptical	Affording a general view of the whole, or of the principal parts of a thing; as, a synoptic table; a synoptical statement of an argument.
Synoptic	One of the first three Gospels of the New Testament. See Synoptist.
Synoptist	Any one of the authors of the three synoptic Gospels, which give a history of our Lord's life and ministry, in distinction from the writer of John's Gospel, which gives a fuller record of his teachings.
Synosteology	That part of anatomy which treats of joints; arthrology.
Synosteoses	of Synosteosis
Synosteosis	Union by means of bone; the complete closing up and obliteration of sutures.
Synostosis	Same as Synosteosis.
Synovia	A transparent, viscid, lubricating fluid which contains mucin and secreted by synovial membranes; synovial fluid.
Synovial	Of or pertaining to synovia; secreting synovia.
Synovitis	Inflammation of the synovial membrane.
Synpelmous	Having the two main flexor tendons of the toes blended together.
Synsepalous	Having united sepals; gamosepalous.
Syntactic	Alt. of Syntactical
Syntactical	Of or pertaining to syntax; according to the rules of syntax, or construction.
Syntax	Connected system or order; union of things; a number of things jointed together; organism.
Syntax	That part of grammar which treats of the construction of sentences; the due arrangement of words in sentences in their necessary relations, according to established usage in any language.
Syntaxis	Syntax.
Synteresis	Prophylaxis.
Synteresis	Conscience viewed as the internal repository of the laws of duty.
Synteretic	Preserving health; prophylactic.
Synteretics	That department of medicine which relates to the preservation of health; prophylaxis.
Synthermal	Having the same degree of heat.
Syntheses	of Synthesis
Synthesis	Composition, or the putting of two or more things together, as in compounding medicines.
Synthesis	The art or process of making a compound by putting the ingredients together, as contrasted with analysis; thus, water is made by synthesis from hydrogen and oxygen; hence, specifically, the building up of complex compounds by special reactions, whereby their component radicals are so grouped that the resulting substances are identical in every respect with the natural articles when such occur; thus, artificial alcohol, urea, indigo blue, alizarin, etc., are made by synthesis.
Synthesis	The combination of separate elements of thought into a whole, as of simple into complex conceptions, species into genera, individual propositions into systems; -- the opposite of analysis.
Synthesist	One who employs synthesis, or who follows synthetic methods.
Synthesize	To combine by synthesis; to unite.
Synthesize	To produce by synthesis; as, to synthesize albumin.
Synthetic	Alt. of Synthetical
Synthetical	Of or pertaining to synthesis; consisting in synthesis or composition; as, the synthetic method of reasoning, as opposed to analytical.
Synthetical	Artificial.  Cf. Synthesis, 2.
Synthetical	Comprising within itself structural or other characters which are usually found only in two or more diverse groups; -- said of species, genera, and higher groups. See the Note under Comprehensive, 3.
Synthetically	In a synthetic manner.
Synthetize	To combine; to unite in regular structure.
Syntomy	Brevity; conciseness.
Syntonin	A proteid substance (acid albumin) formed from the albuminous matter of muscle by the action of dilute acids; -- formerly called musculin. See Acid albumin, under Albumin.
Syphering	The lapping of chamfered edges of planks to make a smooth surface, as for a bulkhead.
Syphilide	A cutaneous eruption due to syphilis.
Syphilis	The pox, or venereal disease; a chronic, specific, infectious disease, usually communicated by sexual intercourse or by hereditary transmission, and occurring in three stages known as primary, secondary, and tertiary syphilis. See under Primary, Secondary, and Tertiary.
Syphilitic	Of or pertaining to syphilis; of the nature of syphilis; affected with syphilis.
Syphilitic	A syphilitic patient.
Syphilitically	In a syphilitic manner; with venereal disease.
Syphilization	Inoculation with the syphilitic virus, especially when employed as a preventive measure, like vaccination.
Syphilize	To inoculate with syphilis.
Syphiloderm	A cutaneous affection due to syphilis.
Syphilodermatous	Of or pertaining to the cutaneous manifestations of syphilis.
Syphiloid	Resembling syphilis.
Syphilologist	One skilled in syphilology.
Syphilology	That branch of medicine which treats of syphilis.
Syphon	See Syphon.
Syracuse	A red wine of Italy.
Syren	See Siren.
Syriac	Of or pertaining to Syria, or its language; as, the Syriac version of the Pentateuch.
Syriac	The language of Syria; especially, the ancient language of that country.
Syriacism	A Syrian idiom; a Syrianism.
Syrian	Of or pertaining to Syria; Syriac.
Syrian	A native of Syria.
Syrianism	A Syrian idiom, or a peculiarity of the Syrian language; a Syriacism.
Syriasm	A Syrian idiom; a Syrianism; a Syriacism.
Syringa	A genus of plants; the lilac.
Syringa	The mock orange; -- popularly so called because its stems were formerly used as pipestems.
Syringe	A kind of small hand-pump for throwing a stream of liquid, or for purposes of aspiration. It consists of a small cylindrical barrel and piston, or a bulb of soft elastic material, with or without valves, and with a nozzle which is sometimes at the end of a flexible tube; -- used for injecting animal bodies, cleansing wounds, etc.
Syringed	of Syringe
Syringing	of Syringe
Syringe	To inject by means of a syringe; as, to syringe warm water into a vein.
Syringe	To wash and clean by injection from a syringe.
Syringeal	Of or pertaining to the syrinx; as, the syringeal muscle.
Syringin	A glucoside found in the bark of the lilac (Syringa) and extracted as a white crystalline substance; -- formerly called also lilacin.
Syringocoele	The central canal of the spinal cord.
Syringotome	A small blunt-pointed bistoury, -- used in syringotomy.
Syringotomy	The operation of cutting for anal fistula.
Syringes	of Syrinx
Syrinx	A wind instrument made of reeds tied together; -- called also pandean pipes.
Syrinx	The lower larynx in birds.
Syrma	A long dress, trailing on the floor, worn by tragic actors in Greek and Roman theaters.
Syrphian	Of or pertaining to the syrphus flies.
Syrphian	A syrphus fly.
Syrphus fly	Any one of numerous species of dipterous flies of the genus Syrphus and allied genera. They are usually bright-colored, with yellow bands, and hover around plants. The larvae feed upon plant lice, and are, therefore, very beneficial to agriculture.
Syrt	A quicksand; a bog.
Syrtic	Of or pertaining to a syrt; resembling syrt, or quicksand.
Syrtes	of Syrtis
Syrtis	A quicksand.
Syrup	Alt. of Syrupy
Syrupy	Same as Sirup, Sirupy.
Syssarcosis	The junction of bones by intervening muscles.
Systaltic	Capable of, or taking place by, alternate contraction and dilatation; as, the systaltic action of the heart.
Systasis	A political union, confederation, or league.
System	An assemblage of objects arranged in regular subordination, or after some distinct method, usually logical or scientific; a complete whole of objects related by some common law, principle, or end; a complete exhibition of essential principles or facts, arranged in a rational dependence or connection; a regular union of principles or parts forming one entire thing; as, a system of philosophy; a system of government; a system of divinity; a system of botany or chemistry; a military system; the solar system.
System	Hence, the whole scheme of created things regarded as forming one complete plan of whole; the universe.
System	Regular method or order; formal arrangement; plan; as, to have a system in one's business.
System	The collection of staves which form a full score. See Score, n.
System	An assemblage of parts or organs, either in animal or plant, essential to the performance of some particular function or functions which as a rule are of greater complexity than those manifested by a single organ; as, the capillary system, the muscular system, the digestive system, etc.; hence, the whole body as a functional unity.
System	One of the stellate or irregular clusters of intimately united zooids which are imbedded in, or scattered over, the surface of the common tissue of many compound ascidians.
Systematic	Alt. of Systematical
Systematical	Of or pertaining to system; consisting in system; methodical; formed with regular connection and adaptation or subordination of parts to each other, and to the design of the whole; as, a systematic arrangement of plants or animals; a systematic course of study.
Systematical	Proceeding according to system, or regular method; as, a systematic writer; systematic benevolence.
Systematical	Pertaining to the system of the world; cosmical.
Systematical	Affecting successively the different parts of the system or set of nervous fibres; as, systematic degeneration.
Systematically	In a systematic manner; methodically.
Systematism	The reduction of facts or principles to a system.
Systematist	One who forms a system, or reduces to system.
Systematist	One who adheres to a system.
Systematization	The act or operation of systematizing.
Systematized	of Systematize
Systematizing	of Systematize
Systematize	To reduce to system or regular method; to arrange methodically; to methodize; as, to systematize a collection of plants or minerals; to systematize one's work; to systematize one's ideas.
Systematizer	One who systematizes.
Systematology	The doctrine of, or a treatise upon, systems.
Systemic	Of or relating to a system; common to a system; as, the systemic circulation of the blood.
Systemic	Of or pertaining to the general system, or the body as a whole; as, systemic death, in distinction from local death; systemic circulation, in distinction from pulmonic circulation; systemic diseases.
Systemization	The act or process of systematizing; systematization.
Systemized	of Systemize
Systemizing	of Systemize
Systemize	To reduce to system; to systematize.
Systemizer	One who systemizes, or reduces to system; a systematizer.
Systemless	Being without system.
Systemless	Not agreeing with some artificial system of classification.
Systemless	Not having any of the distinct systems or types of structure, as the radiate, articulate, etc., characteristic of organic nature; as, all unicellular organisms are systemless.
Systole	The shortening of the long syllable.
Systole	The contraction of the heart and arteries by which the blood is forced onward and the circulation kept up; -- correlative to diastole.
Systolic	Of or pertaining to systole, or contraction; contracting; esp., relating to the systole of the heart; as, systolic murmur.
Systyle	Having a space equal to two diameters or four modules between two columns; -- said of a portico or building. See Intercolumniation.
Systyle	A systyle temple or other edifice.
Syth	Alt. of Sythe
Sythe	See Sith, Sithe.
Sythe	Scythe.
Syzygial	Pertaining to a syzygy.
Syzygies	of Syzygy
Syzygy	The point of an orbit, as of the moon or a planet, at which it is in conjunction or opposition; -- commonly used in the plural.
Syzygy	The coupling together of different feet; as, in Greek verse, an iambic syzygy.
Syzygy	Any one of the segments of an arm of a crinoid composed of two joints so closely united that the line of union is obliterated on the outer, though visible on the inner, side.
Syzygy	The immovable union of two joints of a crinoidal arm.
