U	the twenty-first letter of the English alphabet, is a cursive form of the letter V, with which it was formerly used interchangeably, both letters being then used both as vowels and consonants. U and V are now, however, differentiated, U being used only as a vowel or semivowel, and V only as a consonant. The true primary vowel sound of U, in Anglo-Saxon, was the sound which it still retains in most of the languages of Europe, that of long oo, as in tool, and short oo, as in wood, answering to the French ou in tour. Etymologically U is most closely related to o, y (vowel), w, and v; as in two, duet, dyad, twice; top, tuft; sop, sup; auspice, aviary. See V, also O and Y.
Uakari	Same as Ouakari.
Uberous	Fruitful; copious; abundant; plentiful.
Uberty	Fruitfulness; copiousness; abundance; plenty.
Ubication	Alt. of Ubiety
Ubiety	The quality or state of being in a place; local relation; position or location; whereness.
Ubiquarian	Ubiquitous.
Ubiquitist	Alt. of Ubiquitarian
Ubiquitarian	One of a school of Lutheran divines which held that the body of Christ is present everywhere, and especially in the eucharist, in virtue of his omnipresence. Called also ubiquitist, and ubiquitary.
Ubiquitariness	Quality or state of being ubiquitary, or ubiquitous.
Ubiquitary	Ubiquitous.
Ubiquitaries	of Ubiquitary
Ubiquitary	One who exists everywhere.
Ubiquitary	A ubiquist.
Ubiquitist	Same as Ubiquist.
Ubiquitous	Existing or being everywhere, or in all places, at the same time; omnipresent.
Ubiquity	Existence everywhere, or in places, at the same time; omnipresence; as, the ubiquity of God is not disputed by those who admit his existence.
Ubiquity	The doctrine, as formulated by Luther, that Christ's glorified body is omnipresent.
Uchees	A tribe of North American Indians belonging to the Creek confederation.
Uckewallist	One of a sect of rigid Anabaptists, which originated in 1637, and whose tenets were essentially the same as those of the Mennonists. In addition, however, they held that Judas and the murderers of Christ were saved. So called from the founder of the sect, Ucke Wallis, a native of Friesland.
Udal	In Shetland and Orkney, a freehold; property held by udal, or allodial, right.
Udal	Allodial; -- a term used in Finland, Shetland, and Orkney. See Allodial.
Udaler	Alt. of Udalman
Udalman	In the Shetland and Orkney Islands, one who holds property by udal, or allodial, right.
Udder	The glandular organ in which milk is secreted and stored; -- popularly called the bag in cows and other quadrupeds. See Mamma.
Udder	One of the breasts of a woman.
Uddered	Having an udder or udders.
Udderless	Destitute or deprived of an udder.
Udderless	Hence, without mother's milk; motherless; as, udderless lambs.
Udometer	A rain gauge.
Ugh	An exclamation expressive of disgust, horror, or recoil. Its utterance is usually accompanied by a shudder.
Uglesome	Ugly.
Uglify	To disfigure; to make ugly.
Uglily	In an ugly manner; with deformity.
Ugliness	The quality or state of being ugly.
Ugly	Offensive to the sight; contrary to beauty; being of disagreeable or loathsome aspect; unsightly; repulsive; deformed.
Ugly	Ill-natured; crossgrained; quarrelsome; as, an ugly temper; to feel ugly.
Ugly	Unpleasant; disagreeable; likely to cause trouble or loss; as, an ugly rumor; an ugly customer.
Ugly	A shade for the face, projecting from the bonnet.
Ugly	To make ugly.
Ugrian	A Mongolian race, ancestors of the Finns.
Ugsome	Ugly; offensive; loathsome.
Uhlan	One of a certain description of militia among the Tartars.
Uhlan	One of a kind of light cavalry of Tartaric origin, first introduced into European armies in Poland.  They are armed with lances, pistols, and sabers, and are employed chiefly as skirmishers.
Uintatherium	An extinct genus of large Eocene ungulates allied to Dinoceras. This name is sometimes used for nearly all the known species of the group. See Dinoceras.
Ukase	In Russia, a published proclamation or imperial order, having the force of law.
Ulan	See Uhlan.
Ularburong	A large East Indian nocturnal tree snake (Dipsas dendrophila). It is not venomous.
Ulcer	A solution of continuity in any of the soft parts of the body, discharging purulent matter, found on a surface, especially one of the natural surfaces of the body, and originating generally in a constitutional disorder; a sore discharging pus. It is distinguished from an abscess, which has its beginning, at least, in the depth of the tissues.
Ulcer	Fig.: Anything that festers and corrupts like an open sore; a vice in character.
Ulcer	To ulcerate.
Ulcerable	Capable of ulcerating.
Ulcerated	of Ulcerate
Ulcerating	of Ulcerate
Ulcerate	To be formed into an ulcer; to become ulcerous.
Ulcerate	To affect with, or as with, an ulcer or ulcers.
Ulcerated	Affected with, or as with, an ulcer or ulcers; as, an ulcerated sore throat.
Ulceration	The process of forming an ulcer, or of becoming ulcerous; the state of being ulcerated; also, an ulcer.
Ulcerative	Of or pertaining to ulcers; as, an ulcerative process.
Ulcered	Ulcerous; ulcerated.
Ulcerous	Having the nature or character of an ulcer; discharging purulent or other matter.
Ulcerous	Affected with an ulcer or ulcers; ulcerated.
Ulcuscle	Alt. of Ulcuscule
Ulcuscule	A little ulcer.
Ule	A Mexican and Central American tree (Castilloa elastica and C. Markhamiana) related to the breadfruit tree. Its milky juice contains caoutchouc. Called also ule tree.
Ulema	A college or corporation in Turkey composed of the hierarchy, namely, the imams, or ministers of religion, the muftis, or doctors of law, and the cadis, or administrators of justice.
Ulexite	A mineral occurring in white rounded crystalline masses. It is a hydrous borate of lime and soda.
Uliginose	Alt. of Uliginous
Uliginous	Muddy; oozy; slimy; also, growing in muddy places.
Ullage	The amount which a vessel, as a cask, of liquor lacks of being full; wantage; deficiency.
Ullet	A European owl (Syrnium aluco) of a tawny color; -- called also uluia.
Ullmannite	A brittle mineral of a steel-gray color and metallic luster, containing antimony, arsenic, sulphur, and nickel.
Ulluco	See Melluc/o.
Ulmaceous	Of or pertaining to a suborder of urticaceous plants, of which the elm is the type.
Ulmate	A salt of ulmic acid.
Ulmic	Pertaining to ulmin; designating an acid obtained from ulmin.
Ulmin	A brown amorphous substance found in decaying vegetation.  Cf. Humin.
Ulmus	A genus of trees including the elm.
Ulna	The postaxial bone of the forearm, or branchium, corresponding to the fibula of the hind limb. See Radius.
Ulna	An ell; also, a yard.
Ulnage	Measurement by the ell; alnage.
Ulnar	Of or pertaining to the ulna, or the elbow; as, the ulnar nerve.
Ulnaria	of Ulnare
Ulnare	One of the bones or cartilages of the carpus, which articulates with the ulna and corresponds to the cuneiform in man.
Ulodendron	A genus of fossil trees.
Ulonata	A division of insects nearly equivalent to the true Orthoptera.
Ulotrichan	Of or pertaining to the Ulotrichi.
Ulotrichan	One of the Ulotrichi.
Ulotrichi	The division of mankind which embraces the races having woolly or crispy hair.  Cf. Leiotrichi.
Ulotrichous	Having woolly or crispy hair; -- opposed to leiotrichous.
Ulster	A long, loose overcoat, worn by men and women, originally made of frieze from Ulster, Ireland.
Ulterior	Situated beyond, or on the farther side; thither; -- correlative with hither.
Ulterior	Further; remoter; more distant; succeeding; as, ulterior demands or propositions; ulterior views; what ulterior measures will be adopted is uncertain.
Ulterior	Ulterior side or part.
Ulteriorly	More distantly or remotely.
Ultima	Most remote; furthest; final; last.
Ultima	The last syllable of a word.
Ultimate	Farthest; most remote in space or time; extreme; last; final.
Ultimate	Last in a train of progression or consequences; tended toward by all that precedes; arrived at, as the last result; final.
Ultimate	Incapable of further analysis; incapable of further division or separation; constituent; elemental; as, an ultimate constituent of matter.
Ultimated	of Ultimate
Ultimating	of Ultimate
Ultimate	To come or bring to an end; to eventuate; to end.
Ultimate	To come or bring into use or practice.
Ultimately	As a final consequence; at last; in the end; as, afflictions often tend to correct immoral habits, and ultimately prove blessings.
Ultimation	State of being ultimate; that which is ultimate, or final; ultimatum.
Ultimatums	of Ultimatum
Ultimata	of Ultimatum
Ultimatum	A final proposition, concession, or condition; especially, the final propositions, conditions, or terms, offered by either of the parties in a diplomatic negotiation; the most favorable terms a negotiator can offer, the rejection of which usually puts an end to the hesitation.
Ultime	Ultimate; final.
Ultimity	The last stage or consequence; finality.
Ultimo	In the month immediately preceding the present; as, on the 1st ultimo; -- usually abbreviated to ult.  Cf. Proximo.
Ultion	The act of taking vengeance; revenge.
Ultra-	A prefix from the Latin ultra beyond (see Ulterior), having in composition the signification beyond, on the other side, chiefly when joined with words expressing relations of place; as, ultramarine, ultramontane, ultramundane, ultratropical, etc. In other relations it has the sense of excessively, exceedingly, beyond what is common, natural, right, or proper; as, ultraconservative; ultrademocratic, ultradespotic, ultraliberal, ultraradical, etc.
Ultra	Going beyond others, or beyond due limit; extreme; fanatical; uncompromising; as, an ultra reformer; ultra measures.
Ultra	One who advocates extreme measures; an ultraist; an extremist; a radical.
Ultrage	Outrage.
Ultraism	The principles of those who advocate extreme measures, as radical reform, and the like.
Ultraist	One who pushes a principle or measure to extremes; an extremist; a radical; an ultra.
Ultramarine	Situated or being beyond the sea.
Ultramarine	A blue pigment formerly obtained by powdering lapis lazuli, but now produced in large quantities by fusing together silica, alumina, soda, and sulphur, thus forming a glass, colored blue by the sodium polysulphides made in the fusion. Also used adjectively.
Ultramontane	Being beyond the mountains; specifically, being beyond the Alps, in respect to the one who speaks.
Ultramontane	One who resides beyond the mountains, especially beyond the Alps; a foreigner.
Ultramontane	One who maintains extreme views favoring the pope's supremacy. See Ultramontanism.
Ultramontanism	The principles of those within the Roman Catholic Church who maintain extreme views favoring the pope's supremacy; -- so used by those living north of the Alps in reference to the Italians; -- rarely used in an opposite sense, as referring to the views of those living north of the Alps and opposed to the papal claims.  Cf. Gallicanism.
Ultramontanist	One who upholds ultramontanism.
Ultramundane	Being beyond the world, or beyond the limits of our system.
Ultrared	Situated beyond or below the red rays; as, the ultrated rays of the spectrum, which are less refrangible than the red.
Ultratropical	Situated beyond, or outside of, the tropics; extratropical; also, having an excessively tropical temperature; warmer than the tropics.
Ultraviolet	Lying outside the visible spectrum at its violet end; -- said of rays more refrangible than the extreme violet rays of the spectrum.
Ultra vires	Beyond power; transcending authority; -- a phrase used frequently in relation to acts or enactments by corporations in excess of their chartered or statutory rights.
Ultrazodiacal	Outside the zodiac; being in that part of the heavens that is more than eight degrees from the ecliptic; as, ultrazodiacal planets, that is, those planets which in part of their orbits go beyond the zodiac.
Ultroneous	Spontaneous; voluntary.
Ulula	A genus of owls including the great gray owl (Ulula cinerea) of Arctic America, and other similar species. See Illust. of Owl.
Ululant	Howling; wailing.
Ululated	of Ululate
Ululating	of Ululate
Ululate	To howl, as a dog or a wolf; to wail; as, ululating jackals.
Ululation	A howling, as of a dog or wolf; a wailing.
Ulva	A genus of thin papery bright green seaweeds including the kinds called sea lettuce.
Umbe	About.
Umbecast	To cast about; to consider; to ponder.
Umbel	A kind of flower cluster in which the flower stalks radiate from a common point, as in the carrot and milkweed. It is simple or compound; in the latter case, each peduncle bears another little umbel, called umbellet, or umbellule.
Umbellar	Of or pertaining to an umbel; having the form of an umbel.
Umbellate	Alt. of Umbellated
Umbellated	Bearing umbels; pertaining to an umbel; umbel-like; as, umbellate plants or flowers.
Umbellet	A small or partial umbel; an umbellule.
Umbellic	Pertaining to, or obtained from, certain umbelliferous plants; as, umbellic acid.
Umbellifer	A plant producing an umbel or umbels.
Umbelliferone	A tasteless white crystalline substance, C9H6O3, found in the bark of a certain plant (Daphne Mezereum), and also obtained by the distillation of certain gums from the Umbelliferae, as galbanum, asafetida, etc. It is analogous to coumarin. Called also hydroxy-coumarin.
Umbelliferous	Producing umbels.
Umbelliferous	Of or pertaining to a natural order (Umbelliferae) of plants, of which the parsley, carrot, parsnip, and fennel are well-known examples.
Umbellularia	A genus of deep-sea alcyonaria consisting of a cluster of large flowerlike polyps situated at the summit of a long, slender stem which stands upright in the mud, supported by a bulbous base.
Umbellule	An umbellet.
Umber	A brown or reddish pigment used in both oil and water colors, obtained from certain natural clays variously colored by the oxides of iron and manganese. It is commonly heated or burned before being used, and is then called burnt umber; when not heated, it is called raw umber. See Burnt umber, below.
Umber	An umbrere.
Umber	See Grayling, 1.
Umber	An African wading bird (Scopus umbretta) allied to the storks and herons. It is dull dusky brown, and has a large occipital crest. Called also umbrette, umbre, and umber bird.
Umber	Of or pertaining to umber; resembling umber; olive-brown; dark brown; dark; dusky.
Umber	To color with umber; to shade or darken; as, to umber over one's face.
Umbery	Of or pertaining to umber; like umber; as, umbery gold.
Umbilic	The navel; the center.
Umbilic	An umbilicus. See Umbilicus, 5 (b).
Umbilic	See Umbilical, 1.
Umbilical	Of or pertaining to an umbilicus, or umbilical cord; umbilic.
Umbilical	Pertaining to the center; central.
Umbilicate	Alt. of Umbilicated
Umbilicated	Depressed in the middle, like a navel, as a flower, fruit, or leaf; navel-shaped; having an umbilicus; as, an umbilicated smallpox vesicle.
Umbilicated	Supported by a stalk at the central point.
Umbilication	A slight, navel-like depression, or dimpling, of the center of a rounded body; as, the umbilication of a smallpox vesicle; also, the condition of being umbilicated.
Umbilicus	The depression, or mark, in the median line of the abdomen, which indicates the point where the umbilical cord separated from the fetus; the navel.
Umbilicus	An ornamented or painted ball or boss fastened at each end of the stick on which manuscripts were rolled.
Umbilicus	The hilum.
Umbilicus	A depression or opening in the center of the base of many spiral shells.
Umbilicus	Either one of the two apertures in the calamus of a feather.
Umbilicus	One of foci of an ellipse, or other curve.
Umbilicus	A point of a surface at which the curvatures of the normal sections are all equal to each other. A sphere may be osculatory to the surface in every direction at an umbilicus. Called also umbilic.
Umble pie	A pie made of umbles. See To eat humble pie, under Humble.
Umbles	The entrails and coarser parts of a deer; hence, sometimes, entrails, in general.
Umbones	of Umbo
Umbos	of Umbo
Umbo	The boss of a shield, at or near the middle, and usually projecting, sometimes in a sharp spike.
Umbo	A boss, or rounded elevation, or a corresponding depression, in a palate, disk, or membrane; as, the umbo in the integument of the larvae of echinoderms or in the tympanic membrane of the ear.
Umbo	One of the lateral prominence just above the hinge of a bivalve shell.
Umbonate	Alt. of Umbonated
Umbonated	Having a conical or rounded projection or protuberance, like a boss.
Umbrae	of Umbra
Umbra	The conical shadow projected from a planet or satellite, on the side opposite to the sun, within which a spectator could see no portion of the sun's disk; -- used in contradistinction from penumbra. See Penumbra.
Umbra	The central dark portion, or nucleus, of a sun spot.
Umbra	The fainter part of a sun spot; -- now more commonly called penumbra.
Umbra	Any one of several species of sciaenoid food fishes of the genus Umbrina, especially the Mediterranean species (U. cirrhosa), which is highly esteemed as a market fish; -- called also ombre, and umbrine.
Umbraculiferous	Bearing something like an open umbrella.
Umbraculiform	Having the form of anything that serves to shade, as a tree top, an umbrella, and the like; specifically (Bot.), having the form of an umbrella; umbrella-shaped.
Umbrage	Shade; shadow; obscurity; hence, that which affords a shade, as a screen of trees or foliage.
Umbrage	Shadowy resemblance; shadow.
Umbrage	The feeling of being overshadowed; jealousy of another, as standing in one's light or way; hence, suspicion of injury or wrong; offense; resentment.
Umbrageous	Forming or affording a shade; shady; shaded; as, umbrageous trees or foliage.
Umbrageous	Not easily perceived, as if from being darkened or shaded; obscure.
Umbrageous	Feeling jealousy or umbrage; taking, or disposed to take, umbrage; suspicious.
Umbrate	To shade; to shadow; to foreshadow.
Umbratic	Alt. of Umbratical
Umbratical	Of or pertaining to the shade or darkness; shadowy; unreal; secluded; retired.
Umbratile	Umbratic.
Umbratious	Suspicious; captious; disposed to take umbrage.
Umbre	See Umber.
Umbrel	An umbrella.
Umbrella	A shade, screen, or guard, carried in the hand for sheltering the person from the rays of the sun, or from rain or snow. It is formed of silk, cotton, or other fabric, extended on strips of whalebone, steel, or other elastic material, inserted, or fastened to, a rod or stick by means of pivots or hinges, in such a way as to allow of being opened and closed with ease. See Parasol.
Umbrella	The umbrellalike disk, or swimming bell, of a jellyfish.
Umbrella	Any marine tectibranchiate gastropod of the genus Umbrella, having an umbrella-shaped shell; -- called also umbrella shell.
Umbrere	Alt. of Umbriere
Umbriere	In ancient armor, a visor, or projection like the peak of a cap, to which a face guard was sometimes attached. This was sometimes fixed, and sometimes moved freely upon the helmet and could be raised like the beaver. Called also umber, and umbril.
Umbrette	See Umber, 4.
Umbriferous	Casting or making a shade; umbrageous.
Umbril	A umbrere.
Umbrine	See Umbra, 2.
Umbrose	Shady; umbrageous.
Umbrosity	The quality or state of being umbrose; shadiness.
Umhofo	An African two-horned rhinoceros (Atelodus, / Rhinoceros, simus); -- called also chukuru, and white rhinoceros.
Umlaut	The euphonic modification of a root vowel sound by the influence of a, u, or especially i, in the syllable which formerly followed.
Umlauted	Having the umlaut; as, umlauted vowels.
Umpirage	The office of an umpire; the power, right, or authority of an umpire to decide.
Umpirage	The act of umpiring; arbitrament.
Umpire	A person to whose sole decision a controversy or question between parties is referred; especially, one chosen to see that the rules of a game, as cricket, baseball, or the like, are strictly observed.
Umpire	A third person, who is to decide a controversy or question submitted to arbitrators in case of their disagreement.
Umpired	of Umpire
Umpiring	of Umpire
Umpire	To decide as umpire; to arbitrate; to settle, as a dispute.
Umpire	To perform the duties of umpire in or for; as, to umpire a game.
Umpire	To act as umpire or arbitrator.
Umpireship	Umpirage; arbitrament.
Umpress	Female umpire.
Umquhile	Some time ago; formerly.
Umquhile	Former.
Un-	An inseparable verbal prefix or particle. It is prefixed: (a) To verbs to express the contrary, and not the simple negative, of the action of the verb to which it is prefixed; as in uncoil, undo, unfold. (b) To nouns to form verbs expressing privation of the thing, quality, or state expressed by the noun, or separation from it; as in unchild, unsex. Sometimes particles and participial adjectives formed with this prefix coincide in form with compounds of the negative prefix un- (see 2d Un-); as in undone (from undo), meaning unfastened, ruined; and undone (from 2d un- and done) meaning not done, not finished. Un- is sometimes used with an intensive force merely; as in unloose.
Un-	An inseparable prefix, or particle, signifying not; in-; non-. In- is prefixed mostly to words of Latin origin, or else to words formed by Latin suffixes; un- is of much wider application, and is attached at will to almost any adjective, or participle used adjectively, or adverb, from which it may be desired to form a corresponding negative adjective or adverb, and is also, but less freely, prefixed to nouns. Un- sometimes has merely an intensive force; as in unmerciless, unremorseless.
Un-	Un- is prefixed to adjectives, or to words used adjectively.
Un-	To adjectives, to denote the absence of the quality designated by the adjective
Un-	To past particles, or to adjectives formed after the analogy of past particles, to indicate the absence of the condition or state expressed by them
Un-	To present particles which come from intransitive verbs, or are themselves employed as adjectives, to mark the absence of the activity, disposition, or condition implied by the participle; as, - ---- and the like.
Un-	Those which have acquired an opposed or contrary, instead of a merely negative, meaning; as, unfriendly, ungraceful, unpalatable, unquiet, and the like; or else an intensive sense more than a prefixed not would express; as, unending, unparalleled, undisciplined, undoubted, unsafe, and the like.
Un-	Those which have the value of independent words, inasmuch as the simple words are either not used at all, or are rarely, or at least much less frequently, used; as, unavoidable, unconscionable, undeniable, unspeakable, unprecedented, unruly, and the like; or inasmuch as they are used in a different sense from the usual meaning of the primitive, or especially in one of the significations of the latter; as, unaccountable, unalloyed, unbelieving, unpretending, unreserved, and the like; or inasmuch as they are so frequently and familiarly used that they are hardly felt to be of negative origin; as, uncertain, uneven, and the like.
Un-	Those which are anomalous, provincial, or, for some other reason, not desirable to be used, and are so indicated; as, unpure for impure, unsatisfaction for dissatisfaction, unexpressible for inexpressible, and the like.
Un-	Un- is prefixed to nouns to express the absence of, or the contrary of, that which the noun signifies; as, unbelief, unfaith, unhealth, unrest, untruth, and the like.
Unability	Inability.
Unable	Not able; not having sufficient strength, means, knowledge, skill, or the like; impotent' weak; helpless; incapable; -- now usually followed by an infinitive or an adverbial phrase; as, unable for work; unable to bear fatigue.
Unabled	Disabled.
Unableness	Inability.
Una boat	The English name for a catboat; -- so called because Una was the name of the first boat of this kind taken to England.
Unabridged	Not abridged, or shortened; full; complete; entire; whole.
Unabsorbable	Not absorbable; specifically (Physiol.), not capable of absorption; unable to pass by osmosis into the circulating blood; as, the unabsorbable portion of food.
Unacceptability	The quality of being unacceptable; unacceptableness.
Unacceptable	Not acceptable; not pleasing; not welcome; unpleasant; disagreeable; displeasing; offensive.
Unaccessible	Inaccessible.
Unaccomplished	Not accomplished or performed; unfinished; also, deficient in accomplishment; unrefined.
Unaccomplishment	The state of being unaccomplished.
Unaccountability	The quality or state of being unaccountable.
Unaccountable	Not accountable or responsible; free from control.
Unaccountable	Not to be accounted for; inexplicable; not consonant with reason or rule; strange; mysterious.
Unaccurate	Inaccurate.
Unaccurateness	Inaccuracy.
Unaccustomed	Not used; not habituated; unfamiliar; unused; -- which to.
Unaccustomed	Not usual; uncommon; strange; new.
Unacquaintance	The quality or state of being unacquainted; want of acquaintance; ignorance.
Unacquainted	Not acquainted.
Unacquainted	Not usual; unfamiliar; strange.
Unacquaintedness	Unacquaintance.
Unactive	Inactive; listless.
Unactive	To render inactive or listless.
Unactiveness	Inactivity.
Unadmissible	Alt. of Unadmittable
Unadmittable	Inadmissible.
Unadulterate	Alt. of Unadulterated
Unadulterated	Not adulterated; pure.
Unadvisable	Not advisable; inadvisable; inexpedient.
Unadvised	Not prudent; not discreet; ill advised.
Unadvised	Done without due consideration; wanton; rash; inconsiderate; as, an unadvised proceeding.
Unaffected	Not affected or moved; destitute of affection or emotion; uninfluenced.
Unaffected	Free from affectation; plain; simple; natural; real; sincere; genuine; as, unaffected sorrow.
Unafiled	Undefiled.
Unagreeable	Disagreeable.
Unagreeable	Not agreeing or consistent; unsuitable.
Unaidable	Incapable of being aided.
Unalienable	Inalienable; as, unalienable rights.
Unalist	An ecclesiastical who holds but one benefice; -- distinguished from pluralist.
Unallied	Not allied; having no ally; having no connection or relation; as, unallied species or genera.
Unalloyed	Not alloyed; not reduced by foreign admixture; unmixed; unqualified; pure; as, unalloyed metals; unalloyed happiness.
Unalmsed	Not having received alms.
Unambiguity	Absence of ambiguity; clearness; perspicuity.
Unambition	The absence of ambition.
Unamiability	The quality or state of being unamiable; moroseness.
Unamiable	Not amiable; morose; ill-natured; repulsive.
Unanchor	To loose from the anchor, as a ship.
Unaneled	Not aneled; not having received extreme unction.
Unanimate	Unanimous.
Unanimity	The quality or state of being unanimous.
Unanimous	Being of one mind; agreeing in opinion, design, or determination; consentient; not discordant or dissentient; harmonious; as, the assembly was unanimous; the members of the council were unanimous.
Unanimous	Formed with unanimity; indicating unanimity; having the agreement and consent of all; agreed upon without the opposition or contradiction of any; as, a unanimous opinion; a unanimous vote.
Unanswerability	The quality of being unanswerable; unanswerableness.
Unanswerable	Not answerable; irrefutable; conclusive; decisive; as, he have an unanswerable argument.
Unanswered	Not answered; not replied; as, an unanswered letter.
Unanswered	Not refuted; as, an unanswered argument.
Unanswered	Not responded to in kind; unrequited; as, unanswered affection.
Unappalled	Not appalled; not frightened; dauntless; undaunted.
Unapparel	To divest of clothing; to strip.
Unappealable	Not appealable; that can not be carried to a higher tribunal by appeal; as, an unappealable suit or action.
Unappealable	Not to be appealed from; -- said of a judge or a judgment that can not be overruled.
Unappliable	Inapplicable.
Unapplicable	Inapplicable.
Unappropriate	Inappropriate; unsuitable.
Unappropriate	Not appropriated.
Unappropriate	To take from private possession; to restore to the possession or right of all; as, to unappropriate a monopoly.
Unappropriated	Not specially appropriate; having not special application.
Unappropriated	Not granted to any person, corporation, or the like, to the exclusion of others; as, unappropriated lands.
Unappropriated	Not granted for, or applied to, any specific purpose; as, the unappropriated moneys in the treasury.
Unapproved	Not approved.
Unapproved	Not proved.
Unapt	Inapt; slow; dull.
Unapt	Unsuitable; unfit; inappropriate.
Unapt	Not accustomed and not likely; not disposed.
Unaquit	Unrequited.
Unargued	Not argued or debated.
Unargued	Not argued against; undisputed.
Unargued	Not censured.
Unarm	To disarm.
Unarm	To puff off, or lay down, one's arms or armor.
Unarmed	Not armed or armored; having no arms or weapons.
Unarmed	Having no hard and sharp projections, as spines, prickles, spurs, claws, etc.
Unarted	Ignorant of the arts.
Unarted	Not artificial; plain; simple.
Unartful	Lacking art or skill; artless.
Unartistic	Inartistic.
Unascried	Not descried.
Unaserved	Not served.
Unassuming	Not assuming; not bold or forward; not arrogant or presuming; humble; modest; retiring; as, an unassuming youth; unassuming manners.
Unassured	Not assured; not bold or confident.
Unassured	Not to be trusted.
Unassured	Not insured against loss; as, unassured goods.
Unatonable	Not capable of being brought into harmony; irreconcilable.
Unatonable	Incapable of being atoned for; inexpiable.
Unattached	Not attached; not adhering; having no engagement; free.
Unattached	Not assigned to any company or regiment.
Unattached	Not taken or arrested.
Unattentive	Inattentive; careless.
Unattire	To divest of attire; to undress.
Unau	The two-toed sloth (Cholopus didactylus), native of South America. It is about two feet long. Its color is a uniform grayish brown, sometimes with a reddish tint.
Unaudienced	Not given an audience; not received or heard.
Unauspicious	Inauspicious.
Unauthorize	To disown the authority of; to repudiate.
Unavoidable	Not avoidable; incapable of being shunned or prevented; inevitable; necessary; as, unavoidable troubles.
Unavoidable	Not voidable; incapable of being made null or void.
Unavoided	Not avoided or shunned.
Unavoided	Unavoidable; inevitable.
Unaware	Not aware; not noticing; giving no heed; thoughtless; inattentive.
Unaware	Unawares.
Unawares	Without design or preparation; suddenly; without premeditation, unexpectedly.
Unbacked	Never mounted by a rider; unbroken.
Unbacked	Not supported or encouraged; not countenanced; unaided.
Unbag	To pour, or take, or let go, out of a bag or bags.
Unbalanced	Not balanced; not in equipoise; having no counterpoise, or having insufficient counterpoise.
Unbalanced	Not adjusted; not settled; not brought to an equality of debt and credit; as, an unbalanced account; unbalanced books.
Unbalanced	Being, or being thrown, out of equilibrium; hence, disordered or deranged in sense; unsteady; unsound; as, an unbalanced mind.
Unballast	To free from ballast; to discharge ballast from.
Unballast	Not ballasted.
Unballasted	Freed from ballast; having discharged ballast.
Unballasted	Not furnished with ballast; not kept steady by ballast; unsteady; as, unballasted vessels; unballasted wits.
Unbaned	Wanting a band or string; unfastened.
Unbank	To remove a bank from; to open by, or as if by, the removal of a bank.
Unbar	To remove a bar or bars from; to unbolt; to open; as, to unbar a gate.
Unbarbed	Not shaven.
Unbarbed	Destitute of bards, or of reversed points, hairs, or plumes; as, an unbarded feather.
Unbark	To deprive of the bark; to decorticate; to strip; as, to unbark a tree.
Unbark	To cause to disembark; to land.
Unbarrel	To remove or release from a barrel or barrels.
Unbarricade	To unbolt; to unbar; to open.
Unbarricadoed	Not obstructed by barricades; open; as, unbarricadoed streets.
Unbashful	Not bashful or modest; bold; impudent; shameless.
Unbay	To free from the restraint of anything that surrounds or incloses; to let loose; to open.
Unbe	To cause not to be; to cause to be another.
Unbear	To remove or loose the bearing rein of (a horse).
Unbeat	To deliver from the form or nature of a beast.
Unbecome	To misbecome.
Unbecoming	Not becoming; unsuitable; unfit; indecorous; improper.
Unbed	To raise or rouse from bed.
Unbedinned	Not filled with din.
Unbefool	To deliver from the state of a fool; to awaken the mind of; to undeceive.
Unbeget	To deprive of existence.
Unbegilt	Not gilded; hence, not rewarded with gold.
Unbegot	Alt. of Unbegotten
Unbegotten	Not begot; not yet generated; also, having never been generated; self-existent; eternal.
Unbeguiled	of Unbeguile
Unbeguiling	of Unbeguile
Unbeguile	To set free from the influence of guile; to undeceive.
Unbegun	Not yet begun; also, existing without a beginning.
Unbehovely	Not behooving or becoming; unseemly.
Unbeing	Not existing.
Unbeknown	Not known; unknown.
Unbelief	The withholding of belief; doubt; incredulity; skepticism.
Unbelief	Disbelief; especially, disbelief of divine revelation, or in a divine providence or scheme of redemption.
Unbelieved	Not believed; disbelieved.
Unbeliever	One who does not believe; an incredulous person; a doubter; a skeptic.
Unbeliever	A disbeliever; especially, one who does not believe that the Bible is a divine revelation, and holds that Christ was neither a divine nor a supernatural person; an infidel; a freethinker.
Unbelieving	Not believing; incredulous; doubting; distrusting; skeptical.
Unbelieving	Believing the thing alleged no to be true; disbelieving; especially, believing that Bible is not a divine revelation, or that Christ was not a divine or a supernatural person.
Unbelt	To remove or loose the belt of; to ungird.
Unbent	of Unbend
Unbending	of Unbend
Unbend	To free from flexure; to make, or allow to become, straight; to loosen; as, to unbend a bow.
Unbend	A remit from a strain or from exertion; to set at ease for a time; to relax; as, to unbend the mind from study or care.
Unbend	To unfasten, as sails, from the spars or stays to which they are attached for use.
Unbend	To cast loose or untie, as a rope.
Unbend	To cease to be bent; to become straight or relaxed.
Unbend	To relax in exertion, attention, severity, or the like; hence, to indulge in mirth or amusement.
Unbending	Not bending; not suffering flexure; not yielding to pressure; stiff; -- applied to material things.
Unbending	Unyielding in will; not subject to persuasion or influence; inflexible; resolute; -- applied to persons.
Unbending	Unyielding in nature; unchangeable; fixed; -- applied to abstract ideas; as, unbending truths.
Unbending	Devoted to relaxation or amusement.
Unbenevolence	Absence or want of benevolence; ill will.
Unbenign	Not benign; malignant.
Unbenumb	To relieve of numbness; to restore sensation to.
Unbereaven	Unbereft.
Unbereft	Not bereft; not taken away.
Unbeseem	To be unbecoming or unsuitable to; to misbecome.
Unbeseeming	Unbecoming; not befitting.
Unbespeak	To unsay; hence, to annul or cancel.
Unbethink	To change the mind of (one's self).
Unbeware	Unawares.
Unbewitch	To free from a spell; to disenchant.
Unbias	To free from bias or prejudice.
Unbiased	Free from bias or prejudice; unprejudiced; impartial.
Unbid	Alt. of Unbidden
Unbidden	Not bidden; not commanded.
Unbidden	Uninvited; as, unbidden guests.
Unbidden	Being without a prayer.
Unbound	of Unbind
Unbinding	of Unbind
Unbind	To remove a band from; to set free from shackles or fastenings; to unite; to unfasten; to loose; as, unbind your fillets; to unbind a prisoner's arms; to unbind a load.
Unbishop	To deprive, as a city, of a bishop; to deprive, as a clergyman, of episcopal dignity or rights.
Unbitted	of Unbit
Unbitting	of Unbit
Unbit	To remove the turns of (a rope or cable) from the bits; as, to unbit a cable.
Unblemished	Not blemished; pure; spotless; as, an unblemished reputation or life.
Unbless	To deprive of blessings; to make wretched.
Unblessed	Alt. of Unblest
Unblest	Not blest; excluded from benediction; hence, accursed; wretched.
Unblestful	Unblessed.
Unblind	To free from blindness; to give or restore sight to; to open the eyes of.
Unblindfold	To free from that which blindfolds.
Unbloody	Not bloody.
Unblushing	Not blushing; shameless.
Unbody	To free from the body; to disembody.
Unbody	To leave the body; to be disembodied; -- said of the soul or spirit.
Unbolt	To remove a bolt from; to unfasten; to unbar; to open.
Unbolt	To explain or unfold a matter; to make a revelation.
Unbone	To deprive of bones, as meat; to bone.
Unbone	To twist about, as if boneless.
Unbonnet	To take a bonnet from; to take off one's bonnet; to uncover; as, to unbonnet one's head.
Unbooked	Not written in a book; unrecorded.
Unboot	To take off the boots from.
Unborn	Not born; no yet brought into life; being still to appear; future.
Unborrowed	Not borrowed; being one's own; native; original.
Unbosomed	of Unbosom
Unbosoming	of Unbosom
Unbosom	To disclose freely; to reveal in confidence, as secrets; to confess; -- often used reflexively; as, to unbosom one's self.
Unbosomer	One who unbosoms, or discloses.
Unbottomed	Deprived of a bottom.
Unbottomed	Having no bottom; bottomless.
Unbound	imp. & p. p. of Unbind.
Unboundably	Infinitely.
Unbounded	Having no bound or limit; as, unbounded space; an, unbounded ambition.
Unbow	To unbend.
Unbowed	Not bent or arched; not bowed down.
Unboweled	of Unbowel
Unbowelled	of Unbowel
Unboweling	of Unbowel
Unbowelling	of Unbowel
Unbowel	To deprive of the entrails; to disembowel.
Unbox	To remove from a box or boxes.
Unboy	To divest of the traits of a boy.
Unbrace	To free from tension; to relax; to loose; as, to unbrace a drum; to unbrace the nerves.
Unbraid	To separate the strands of; to undo, as a braid; to unravel; to disentangle.
Unbreast	To disclose, or lay open; to unbosom.
Unbreathed	Not breathed.
Unbreathed	Not exercised; unpracticed.
Unbred	Not begotten; unborn.
Unbred	Not taught or trained; -- with to.
Unbred	Not well-bred; ill-bred.
Unbreeched	of Unbreech
Unbreching	of Unbreech
Unbreech	To remove the breeches of; to divest or strip of breeches.
Unbreech	To free the breech of, as a cannon, from its fastenings or coverings.
Unbrewed	Not made by brewing; unmixed; pure; genuine.
Unbridle	To free from the bridle; to set loose.
Unbridled	Loosed from the bridle, or as from the bridle; hence, unrestrained; licentious; violent; as, unbridled passions.
Unbroken	Not broken; continuous; unsubdued; as, an unbroken colt.
Unbuckle	To loose the buckles of; to unfasten; as, to unbuckle a shoe.
Unbuild	To demolish; to raze.
Unbundle	To release, as from a bundle; to disclose.
Unbung	To remove the bung from; as, to unbung a cask.
Unburden	To relieve from a burden.
Unburden	To throw off, as a burden; to unload.
Unburiable	Not ready or not proper to be buried.
Unburrow	To force from a burrow; to unearth.
Unburthen	To unburden; to unload.
Unbury	To disinter; to exhume; fig., to disclose.
Unbusied	Not required to work; unemployed; not busy.
Unbutton	To loose the buttons of; to unfasten.
Unbuxom	Disobedient.
Uncage	To loose, or release, from, or as from, a cage.
Uncalled-for	Not called for; not required or needed; improper; gratuitous; wanton.
Uncalm	To disturb; to disquiet.
Uncamp	To break up the camp of; to dislodge from camp.
Uncanny	Not canny; unsafe; strange; weird; ghostly.
Uncanonize	To deprive of canonical authority.
Uncanonize	To reduce from the rank of a canonized saint.
Uncap	To remove a cap or cover from.
Uncapable	Incapable.
Uncape	To remove a cap or cape from.
Uncapper	An instrument for removing an explode cap from a cartridge shell.
Uncardinal	To degrade from the cardinalship.
Uncared	Not cared for; not heeded; -- with for.
Uncarnate	Not fleshy; specifically, not made flesh; not incarnate.
Uncarnate	To divest of flesh.
Uncart	To take from, or set free from, a cart; to unload.
Uncase	To take out of a case or covering; to remove a case or covering from; to uncover.
Uncase	To strip; to flay.
Uncase	To display, or spread to view, as a flag, or the colors of a military body.
Uncastle	To take a castle from; to turn out of a castle.
Uncaused	Having no antecedent cause; uncreated; self-existent; eternal.
Uncautelous	Incautious.
Uncautious	Incautious.
Uncautiously	Incautiously.
Unce	A claw.
Unce	An ounce; a small portion.
Unceasable	Not capable of being ended; unceasing.
Uncenter	Alt. of Uncentre
Uncentre	To throw from its center.
Uncentury	To remove from its actual century.
Uncertain	Not certain; not having certain knowledge; not assured in mind; distrustful.
Uncertain	Irresolute; inconsonant; variable; untrustworthy; as, an uncertain person; an uncertain breeze.
Uncertain	Questionable; equivocal; indefinite; problematical.
Uncertain	Not sure; liable to fall or err; fallible.
Uncertain	To make uncertain.
Uncertainly	In an uncertain manner.
Uncertainties	of Uncertainty
Uncertainty	The quality or state of being uncertain.
Uncertainty	That which is uncertain; something unknown.
Uncessant	Incessant.
Unchain	To free from chains or slavery; to let loose.
Unchancy	Happening at a bad time; unseasonable; inconvenient.
Unchancy	Ill-fated; unlucky.
Unchancy	Unsafe to meddle with; dangerous.
Unchaplain	To remove from a chaplaincy.
Uncharge	To free from a charge or load; to unload.
Uncharge	To free from an accusation; to make no charge against; to acquit.
Unchariot	To throw out of a chariot.
Uncharitable	Not charitable; contrary to charity; severe in judging; harsh; censorious; as, uncharitable opinions or zeal.
Uncharity	Uncharitableness.
Uncharm	To release from a charm, fascination, or secret power; to disenchant.
Uncharneled	of Uncharnel
Uncharneling	of Uncharnel
Uncharnel	To remove from a charnel house; to raise from the grave; to exhume.
Unchaste	Not chaste; not continent; lewd.
Unchastity	The quality or state of being unchaste; lewdness; incontinence.
Uncheckable	Not capable of being checked or stopped.
Unchild	To bereave of children; to make childless.
Unchild	To make unlike a child; to divest of the characteristics of a child.
Unchristen	To render unchristian.
Unchristened	Not christened; as, an unchristened child.
Unchristian	Not Christian; not converted to the Christian faith; infidel.
Unchristian	Contrary to Christianity; not like or becoming a Christian; as, unchristian conduct.
Unchristian	To make unchristian.
Unchristianize	To turn from the Christian faith; to cause to abandon the belief and profession of Christianity.
Unchristianly	Unchristian.
Unchristianly	In an unchristian manner.
Unchristianness	The quality or state of being unchristian.
Unchurch	To expel, or cause to separate, from a church; to excommunicate.
Unchurch	To deprive of the character, privileges, and authority of a church.
Unciae	of Uncia
Uncia	A twelfth part, as of the Roman as; an ounce.
Uncia	A numerical coefficient in any particular case of the binomial theorem.
Uncial	Of, pertaining to, or designating, a certain style of letters used in ancient manuscripts, esp. in Greek and Latin manuscripts. The letters are somewhat rounded, and the upstrokes and downstrokes usually have a slight inclination. These letters were used as early as the 1st century b. c., and were seldom used after the 10th century a. d., being superseded by the cursive style.
Uncial	An uncial letter.
Unciatim	Ounce by ounce.
Unciform	Having the shape of a hook; being of a curved or hooked from; hooklike.
Unciform	The unciform bone. See Illust. of Perissodactyla.
Uncinata	A division of marine chaetopod annelids which are furnished with uncini, as the serpulas and sabellas.
Uncinate	Hooked; bent at the tip in the form of a hook; as, an uncinate process.
Uncinatum	The unciform bone.
Uncini	of Uncinus
Uncinus	One of the peculiar minute chitinous hooks found in large numbers in the tori of tubicolous annelids belonging to the Uncinata.
Uncipher	To decipher; as, to uncipher a letter.
Uncircumcised	Not circumcised; hence, not of the Israelites.
Uncircumcision	The absence or want of circumcision.
Uncircumcision	People not circumcised; the Gentiles.
Uncircumstandtial	Not circumstantial; not entering into minute particulars.
Uncircumstandtial	Not important; not pertinent; trivial.
Uncity	To deprive of the rank or rights of a city.
Uncivil	Not civilized; savage; barbarous; uncivilized.
Uncivil	Not civil; not complaisant; discourteous; impolite; rude; unpolished; as, uncivil behavior.
Uncivility	Incivility.
Uncivilization	The state of being uncivilized; savagery or barbarism.
Uncivilized	Not civilized; not reclaimed from savage life; rude; barbarous; savage; as, the uncivilized inhabitants of Central Africa.
Uncivilized	Not civil; coarse; clownish.
Uncivilty	In an uncivil manner.
Unclasp	To loose the clasp of; to open, as something that is fastened, or as with, a clasp; as, to unclasp a book; to unclasp one's heart.
Uncle	The brother of one's father or mother; also applied to an aunt's husband; -- the correlative of aunt in sex, and of nephew and niece in relationship.
Uncle	A pawnbroker.
Unclean	Not clean; foul; dirty; filthy.
Unclean	Ceremonially impure; needing ritual cleansing.
Unclean	Morally impure.
Uncleansable	Incapable of being cleansed or cleaned.
Unclench	Same as Unclinch.
Uncleship	The office or position of an uncle.
Unclew	To unwind, unfold, or untie; hence, to undo; to ruin.
Unclinch	To cause to be no longer clinched; to open; as, to unclinch the fist.
Uncling	To cease from clinging or adhering.
Uncloak	To remove a cloak or cover from; to deprive of a cloak or cover; to unmask; to reveal.
Uncloak	To remove, or take off, one's cloak.
Unclog	To disencumber of a clog, or of difficulties and obstructions; to free from encumbrances; to set at liberty.
Uncloister	To release from a cloister, or from confinement or seclusion; to set free; to liberate.
Unclose	To open; to separate the parts of; as, to unclose a letter; to unclose one's eyes.
Unclose	To disclose; to lay open; to reveal.
Unclosed	Not separated by inclosures; open.
Unclosed	Not finished; not concluded.
Unclosed	Not closed; not sealed; open.
Unclothe	To strip of clothes or covering; to make naked.
Unclothed	Divested or stripped of clothing.
Unclothed	Not yet clothed; wanting clothes; naked.
Uncloud	To free from clouds; to unvail; to clear from obscurity, gloom, sorrow, or the like.
Unclue	To unwind; to untangle.
Unclutch	To open, as something closely shut.
Unclutch	To disengage, as a clutch.
Unco	Unknown; strange, or foreign; unusual, or surprising; distant in manner; reserved.
Unco	In a high degree; to a great extent; greatly; very.
Unco	A strange thing or person.
Uncoach	To detach or loose from a coach.
Uncock	To let down the cock of, as a firearm.
Uncock	To deprive of its cocked shape, as a hat, etc.
Uncock	To open or spread from a cock or heap, as hay.
Uncoffle	To release from a coffle.
Uncoif	To deprive of the coif or cap.
Uncoil	To unwind or open, as a coil of rope.
Uncoined	Not coined, or minted; as, uncoined silver.
Uncoined	Not fabricated; not artificial or counterfeit; natural.
Uncolt	To unhorse.
Uncombine	To separate, as substances in combination; to release from combination or union.
Uncomeatable	Not to be come at, or reached; inaccessible.
Uncomely	Not comely. -- adv. In an uncomely manner.
Uncomfortable	Feeling discomfort; uneasy; as, to be uncomfortable on account of one's position.
Uncomfortable	Causing discomfort; disagreeable; unpleasant; as, an uncomfortable seat or situation.
Uncommon	Not common; unusual; infrequent; rare; hence, remarkable; strange; as, an uncommon season; an uncommon degree of cold or heat; uncommon courage.
Uncomplete	Incomplete.
Uncomprehend	To fail to comprehend.
Uncomprehensive	Unable to comprehend.
Uncomprehensive	Incomprehensible.
Uncompromising	Not admitting of compromise; making no truce or concessions; obstinate; unyielding; inflexible.
Unconceivable	Inconceivable.
Unconcern	Want of concern; absence of anxiety; freedom from solicitude; indifference.
Unconcerned	Not concerned; not anxious or solicitous; easy in mind; carelessly secure; indifferent; as, to be unconcerned at what has happened; to be unconcerned about the future.
Unconcerning	Not interesting of affecting; insignificant; not belonging to one.
Unconcernment	The state of being unconcerned, or of having no share or concern; unconcernedness.
Unconcludent	Alt. of Unconcluding
Unconcluding	Inconclusive.
Unconclusive	Inconclusive.
Unconditional	Not conditional limited, or conditioned; made without condition; absolute; unreserved; as, an unconditional surrender.
Unconditioned	Not conditioned or subject to conditions; unconditional.
Unconditioned	Not subject to condition or limitations; infinite; absolute; hence, inconceivable; incogitable.
Unconfidence	Absence of confidence; uncertainty; doubt.
Uncoform	Unlike.
Uncoformability	The quality or state of being unconformable; unconformableness.
Uncoformability	Want of parallelism between one series of strata and another, especially when due to a disturbance of the position of the earlier strata before the latter were deposited.
Unconformable	Not conformable; not agreeable; not conforming.
Unconformable	Not conformable; not lying in a parallel position; as, unconformable strata.
Unconformist	A nonconformist.
Unconformity	Want of conformity; incongruity; inconsistency.
Unconformity	Want of parallelism between strata in contact.
Unconfound	To free from a state of confusion, or of being confounded.
Unconfounded	Not confounded.
Uncongeal	To thaw; to become liquid again.
Unconning	Not knowing; ignorant.
Unconning	Ignorance.
Unconquerable	Not conquerable; indomitable.
Unconscionable	Not conscionable; not conforming to reason; unreasonable; exceeding the limits of any reasonable claim or expectation; inordinate; as, an unconscionable person or demand; unconscionable size.
Unconscionable	Not guided by, or conformed to, conscience.
Unconscious	Not conscious; having no consciousness or power of mental perception; without cerebral appreciation; hence, not knowing or regarding; ignorant; as, an unconscious man.
Unconscious	Not known or apprehended by consciousness; as, an unconscious cerebration.
Unconscious	Having no knowledge by experience; -- followed by of; as, a mule unconscious of the yoke.
Unconsecrate	To render not sacred; to deprive of sanctity; to desecrate.
Unconsequential	Inconsequential.
Unconsiderate	Inconsiderate; heedless; careless.
Unconsidered	Not considered or attended to; not regarded; inconsiderable; trifling.
Unconsonant	Incongruous; inconsistent.
Unconspicuous	Inconspicuous.
Unconstancy	Inconstancy.
Unconstant	Not constant; inconstant; fickle; changeable.
Unconstitutional	Not constitutional; not according to, or consistent with, the terms of a constitution of government; contrary to the constitution; as, an unconstitutional law, or act of an officer.
Unconstraint	Freedom from constraint; ease.
Unconsummate	Not consummated; not accomplished.
Uncontestable	Incontestable.
Uncontinent	Not continent; incontinent.
Uncontrollable	Incapable of being controlled; ungovernable; irresistible; as, an uncontrollable temper; uncontrollable events.
Uncontrollable	Indisputable; irrefragable; as, an uncontrollable maxim; an uncontrollable title.
Uncontroversory	Not involving controversy.
Uncontrovertible	Incontrovertible.
Uncontrovertibly	Incontrovertibly.
Unconvenient	Inconvenient.
Unconversion	The state of being unconverted; impenitence.
Unconverted	Not converted or exchanged.
Unconverted	Not changed in opinion, or from one faith to another.
Unconverted	Not persuaded of the truth of the Christian religion; heathenish.
Unconverted	Unregenerate; sinful; impenitent.
Uncord	To release from cords; to loosen the cord or cords of; to unfasten or unbind; as, to uncord a package.
Uncork	To draw the cork from; as, to uncork a bottle.
Uncorrect	Incorrect.
Uncorrigible	Incorrigible; not capable of correction.
Uncorrupt	Incorrupt.
Uncorruptible	Incorruptible.
Uncorruption	Incorruption.
Uncouple	To loose, as dogs, from their couples; also, to set loose; to disconnect; to disjoin; as, to uncouple railroad cars.
Uncouple	To roam at liberty.
Uncourtliness	Absence of courtliness; rudeness; rusticity.
Uncous	Hooklike; hooked.
Uncouth	Unknown.
Uncouth	Uncommon; rare; exquisite; elegant.
Uncouth	Unfamiliar; strange; hence, mysterious; dreadful; also, odd; awkward; boorish; as, uncouth manners.
Uncovenable	Not covenable; inconvenient.
Uncovenanted	Not covenanted; not granted or entered into under a covenant, agreement, or contract.
Uncovenanted	Not having joined in a league, or assented to a covenant or agreement, as to the Solemn League and Covenant of the Scottish people in the times of the Stuarts.
Uncovenanted	Not having entered into relationship with God through the appointed means of grace; also, not promised or assured by the divine promises or conditions; as, uncovenanted mercies.
Uncovered	of Uncover
Uncovering	of Uncover
Uncover	To take the cover from; to divest of covering; as, to uncover a box, bed, house, or the like; to uncover one's body.
Uncover	To show openly; to disclose; to reveal.
Uncover	To divest of the hat or cap; to bare the head of; as, to uncover one's head; to uncover one's self.
Uncover	To take off the hat or cap; to bare the head in token of respect.
Uncover	To remove the covers from dishes, or the like.
Uncowl	To divest or deprive of a cowl.
Uncreate	To deprive of existence; to annihilate.
Uncreate	Uncreated; self-existent.
Uncreated	Deprived of existence; annihilated.
Uncreated	Not yet created; as, misery uncreated.
Uncreated	Not existing by creation; self-existent; eternal; as, God is an uncreated being.
Uncreatedness	The quality or state of being uncreated.
Uncredible	Incredible.
Uncredit	To cause to be disbelieved; to discredit.
Uncreditable	Discreditable.
Uncrown	To deprive of a crown; to take the crown from; hence, to discrown; to dethrone.
Uncrudded	Not cruddled, or curdled.
Unction	The act of anointing, smearing, or rubbing with an unguent, oil, or ointment, especially for medical purposes, or as a symbol of consecration; as, mercurial unction.
Unction	That which is used for anointing; an unguent; an ointment; hence, anything soothing or lenitive.
Unction	Divine or sanctifying grace.
Unction	That quality in language, address, or the like, which excites emotion; especially, strong devotion; religious fervor and tenderness; sometimes, a simulated, factitious, or unnatural fervor.
Unctious	Unctuous.
Unctuosity	Quality or state of being unctuous.
Unctuous	Of the nature or quality of an unguent or ointment; fatty; oily; greasy.
Unctuous	Having a smooth, greasy feel, as certain minerals.
Unctuous	Bland; suave; also, tender; fervid; as, an unctuous speech; sometimes, insincerely suave or fervid.
Unculpable	Inculpable; not blameworthy.
Uncult	Not cultivated; rude; illiterate.
Unculture	Want of culture.
Uncunning	Ignorant.
Uncunningly	Ignorantly.
Uncunningness	Ignorance.
Uncurable	Incurable.
Uncurably	In an uncurable manner.
Uncurbable	Not capable of being curbed.
Uncurl	To loose from curls, or ringlets; to straighten out, as anything curled or curly.
Uncurl	To become uncurled, or straight.
Uncurrent	Not current. Specifically: Not passing in common payment; not receivable at par or full value; as, uncurrent notes.
Uncurse	To free from a curse or an execration.
Uncurtain	To remove a curtain from; to reveal.
Unci	of Uncus
Uncus	A hook or claw.
Uncustomable	Not customable, or subject to custom duties.
Uncustomed	Uncustomable; also, not having paid duty or customs.
Uncut	Not cut; not separated or divided by cutting or otherwise; -- said especially of books, periodicals, and the like, when the leaves have not been separated by trimming in binding.
Uncut	Not ground, or otherwise cut, into a certain shape; as, an uncut diamond.
Uncuth	Unknown; strange.
Uncuth	A stranger.
Uncypher	See Uncipher.
Undam	To free from a dam, mound, or other obstruction.
Undampned	Uncondemned.
Undated	Rising and falling in waves toward the margin, as a leaf; waved.
Undated	Not dated; having no date; of unknown age; as, an undated letter.
Undauntable	Incapable of being daunted; intrepid; fearless; indomitable.
Undaunted	Not daunted; not subdued or depressed by fear.
Unde	Waving or wavy; -- applied to ordinaries, or division lines.
Undeadly	Not subject to death; immortal.
Undeaf	To free from deafness; to cause to hear.
Undecagon	A figure having eleven angles and eleven sides.
Undecane	A liquid hydrocarbon, C11H24, of the methane series, found in petroleum; -- so called from its containing eleven carbon atoms in the molecule.
Undeceive	To cause to be no longer deceived; to free from deception, fraud, fallacy, or mistake.
Undecency	Indecency.
Undecennary	Occurring once in every period of eleven years; undecennial.
Undecennial	Occurring or observed every eleventh year; belonging to, or continuing, a period of eleven years; undecennary; as, an undecennial festival.
Undecent	Indecent.
Undecide	To reverse or recant, as a previous decision.
Undecisive	Indecisive.
Undeck	To divest of ornaments.
Undecked	Not decked; unadorned.
Undecked	Not having a deck; as, an undecked vessel.
Undecolic	Pertaining to, or designating, an acid, C11H18O2, of the propiolic acid series, obtained indirectly from undecylenic acid as a white crystalline substance.
Undecreed	Not decreed.
Undecreed	Reversed or nullified by decree, as something previously decreed.
Undecyl	The radical regarded as characteristic of undecylic acid.
Undecylenic	Pertaining to, or designating, an acid C11H20O2, homologous with acrylic acid, and obtained as a white crystalline substance by the distillation of castor oil.
Undecylic	Related to, derived from, or containing, undecyl; specifically, designating that member of the fatty acids which corresponds to undecane, and is obtained as a white crystalline substance, C11H22O2.
Undeeded	Not deeded or transferred by deed; as, undeeded land.
Undeeded	Not made famous by any great action.
Undefatigable	Indefatigable.
Undefeasible	Indefeasible.
Undefine	To make indefinite; to obliterate or confuse the definition or limitations of.
Undeify	To degrade from the state of deity; to deprive of the character or qualities of a god; to deprive of the reverence due to a god.
Undeniable	Not deniable; incapable of denial; palpably true; indisputable; obvious; as, undeniable evidence.
Undeniable	Unobjectionable; unquestionably excellent; as, a person of undeniable connections.
Undeniably	In an undeniable manner.
Undepartable	Incapable of being parted; inseparable.
Under	Below or lower, in place or position, with the idea of being covered; lower than; beneath; -- opposed to over; as, he stood under a tree; the carriage is under cover; a cellar extends under the whole house.
Under	Denoting relation to some thing or person that is superior, weighs upon, oppresses, bows down, governs, directs, influences powerfully, or the like, in a relation of subjection, subordination, obligation, liability, or the like; as, to travel under a heavy load; to live under extreme oppression; to have fortitude under the evils of life; to have patience under pain, or under misfortunes; to behave like a Christian under reproaches and injuries; under the pains and penalties of the law; the condition under which one enters upon an office; under the necessity of obeying the laws; under vows of chastity.
Under	Denoting relation to something that exceeds in rank or degree, in number, size, weight, age, or the like; in a relation of the less to the greater, of inferiority, or of falling short.
Under	Denoting relation to something that comprehends or includes, that represents or designates, that furnishes a cover, pretext, pretense, or the like; as, he betrayed him under the guise of friendship; Morpheus is represented under the figure of a boy asleep.
Under	Less specifically, denoting the relation of being subject, of undergoing regard, treatment, or the like; as, a bill under discussion.
Under	In a lower, subject, or subordinate condition; in subjection; -- used chiefly in a few idiomatic phrases; as, to bring under, to reduce to subjection; to subdue; to keep under, to keep in subjection; to control; to go under, to be unsuccessful; to fail.
Under	Lower in position, intensity, rank, or degree; subject; subordinate; -- generally in composition with a noun, and written with or without the hyphen; as, an undercurrent; undertone; underdose; under-garment; underofficer; undersheriff.
Underact	To perform inefficiently, as a play; to act feebly.
Underaction	Subordinate action; a minor action incidental or subsidiary to the main story; an episode.
Underactor	A subordinate actor.
Under-age	Not having arrived at adult age, or at years of discretion; hence, raw; green; immature; boyish; childish.
Underagent	A subordinate agent.
Underaid	To aid clandestinely.
Under-arm	Done (as bowling) with the arm not raised above the elbow, that is, not swung far out from the body; underhand.  Cf. Over-arm and Round-Arm.
Underback	A vessel which receives the wort as it flows from the mashing tub.
Underbear	To support; to endure.
Underbear	To line; to guard; to face; as, cloth of gold underborne with blue tinsel.
Underbearer	One who supports or sustains; especially, at a funeral, one of those who bear the copse, as distinguished from a bearer, or pallbearer, who helps to hold up the pall.
Underbid	To bid less than, as when a contract or service is offered to the lowest bidder; to offer to contract, sell, or do for a less price than.
Underbind	To bind beneath.
Underboard	Under the board, or table; hence, secretly; unfairly; underhand. See the Note under Aboveboard.
Underbrace	To brace, fasten, or bind underneath or below.
Underbranch	A lower branch.
Underbranch	A twig or branchlet.
Underbred	Not thoroughly bred; ill-bred; as, an underbred fellow.
Underbrush	Shrubs, small trees, and the like, in a wood or forest, growing beneath large trees; undergrowth.
Underbuilder	A subordinate or assistant builder.
Underbuilding	Same as Substruction.
Underbuy	To buy at less than the real value or worth; to buy cheaper than.
Undercast	To cast under or beneath.
Underchamberlain	A deputy chamberlain of the exchequer.
Underchanter	Same as Subchanter.
Underchaps	The lower chaps or jaw.
Undercharge	To charge below or under; to charge less than is usual or suitable fro; as, to undercharge goods or services.
Undercharge	To put too small a charge into; as, to undercharge a gun.
Undercharge	A charge that is less than is usual or suitable.
Underclay	A stratum of clay lying beneath a coal bed, often containing the roots of coal plants, especially the Stigmaria.
Undercliff	A subordinate cliff on a shore, consisting of material that has fallen from the higher cliff above.
Underclothes	Clothes worn under others, especially those worn next the skin for warmth.
Underclothing	Same as Underclothes.
Undercoat	A coat worn under another; a light coat, as distinguished from an overcoat, or a greatcoat.
Undercoat	A growth of short hair or fur partially concealed by a longer growth; as, a dog's undercoat.
Underconduct	A lower conduit; a subterranean conduit.
Underconsumption	Consumption of less than is produced; consumption of less than the usual amount.
Undercraft	A sly trick or device; as, an undercraft of authors.
Undercreep	To creep secretly or privily.
Undercrest	To support as a crest; to bear.
Undercroft	A subterranean room of any kind; esp., one under a church (see Crypt), or one used as a chapel or for any sacred purpose.
Undercry	To cry aloud.
Undercurrent	A current below the surface of water, sometimes flowing in a contrary direction to that on the surface.
Undercurrent	Hence, figuratively, a tendency of feeling, opinion, or the like, in a direction contrary to what is publicly shown; an unseen influence or tendency; as, a strong undercurrent of sentiment in favor of a prisoner.
Undercurrent	Running beneath the surface; hidden.
Undercut	The lower or under side of a sirloin of beef; the fillet.
Undercut	To cut away, as the side of an object, so as to leave an overhanging portion.
Underdealing	Crafty, unfair, or underhand dealing; unfair practice; trickery.
Underdelve	To delve under.
Underdig	To dig under or beneath; to undermine.
Underditch	To dig an underground ditches in, so as to drain the surface; to underdrain; as, to underditch a field or a farm.
Underdo	To do less than is requisite or proper; -- opposed to overdo.
Underdo	To do less thoroughly than is requisite; specifically, to cook insufficiently; as, to underdo the meat; -- opposed to overdo.
Underdoer	One who underdoes; a shirk.
Underdolven	p. p. of Underdelve.
Underdose	A dose which is less than required; a small or insufficient dose.
Underdose	To give an underdose or underdoses to; to practice giving insufficient doses.
Underdrain	An underground drain or trench with openings through which the water may percolate from the soil or ground above.
Underdrain	To drain by forming an underdrain or underdrains in; as, to underdrain land.
Underdressed	Not dresses enough.
Underestimate	To set to/ low a value on; to estimate below the truth.
Underestimate	The act of underestimating; too low an estimate.
Underfaction	A subordinate party or faction.
Underfaculty	An inferior or subordinate faculty.
Underfarmer	An assistant farmer.
Underfeed	To feed with too little food; to supply with an insufficient quantity of food.
Underfellow	An underling // mean, low fellow.
Underfilling	The filling below or beneath; the under part of a building.
Underfollow	To follow closely or immediately after.
Underfong	To undertake; to take in hand; to receive.
Underfong	To insnare; to circumvent.
Underfong	To sustain; to support; to guard.
Underfoot	Under the feet; underneath; below. See Under foot, under Foot, n.
Underfoot	Low; base; abject; trodden down.
Underfringe	A lower fringe; a fringe underneath something.
Underfurnish	To supply with less than enough; to furnish insufficiently.
Underfurrow	To cover as under a furrow; to plow in; as, to underfurrow seed or manure.
Under-garment	A garment worn below another.
Underget	To get under or beneath; also, to understand.
Undergird	To blind below; to gird round the bottom.
Underglaze	Applied under the glaze, that is, before the glaze, that is, before the glaze is put on; fitted to be so applied; -- said of colors in porcelain painting.
Underwent	of Undergo
Undergone	of Undergo
Undergoing	of Undergo
Undergo	To go or move below or under.
Undergo	To be subjected to; to bear up against; to pass through; to endure; to suffer; to sustain; as, to undergo toil and fatigue; to undergo pain, grief, or anxiety; to undergothe operation of amputation; food in the stomach undergoes the process of digestion.
Undergo	To be the bearer of; to possess.
Undergo	To undertake; to engage in; to hazard.
Undergo	To be subject or amenable to; to underlie.
Undergod	A lower or inferio/ god; a subordinate deity; a demigod.
Undergore	To gore underneath.
Undergown	A gown worn under another, or under some other article of dress.
Undergraduate	A member of a university or a college who has not taken his first degree; a student in any school who has not completed his course.
Undergraduate	Of or pertaining to an undergraduate, or the body of undergraduates.
Undergraduateship	The position or condition of an undergraduate.
Undergroan	To groan beneath.
Underground	The place or space beneath the surface of the ground; subterranean space.
Underground	Being below the surface of the ground; as, an underground story or apartment.
Underground	Done or occurring out of sight; secret.
Underground	Beneath the surface of the earth.
Undergrove	A grove of shrubs or low trees under taller ones.
Undergrow	To grow to an inferior, or less than the usual, size or height.
Undergrow	Undergrown.
Undergrown	Of small stature; not grown to a full height or size.
Undergrowth	That which grows under trees; specifically, shrubs or small trees growing among large trees.
Undergrub	To undermine.
Underhand	Secret; clandestine; hence, mean; unfair; fraudulent.
Underhand	Done, as pitching, with the hand lower than the shoulder, or, as bowling, with the hand lower than elbow.
Underhand	By secret means; in a clandestine manner; hence, by fraud; unfairly.
Underhand	In an underhand manner; -- said of pitching or bowling.
Underhanded	Underhand; clandestine.
Underhanded	Insufficiently provided with hands or workers; short-handed; sparsely populated.
Underhandedly	In an underhand manner.
Underhang	To hang under or down; to suspend.
Underhangman	An assistant or deputy hangman.
Underhead	A blockhead, or stupid person; a dunderhead.
Underheave	To heave or lift from below.
Underhew	To hew less than is usual or proper; specifically, to hew, as a piece of timber which should be square, in such a manner that it appears to contain a greater number of cubic feet than it really does contain.
Underhonest	Not entirely honest.
Underhung	Resting on a track at the bottom, instead of being suspended; -- said of a sliding door.
Underhung	Having the lower jaw projecting.
Underjaw	The lower jaw.
Underjoin	To join below or beneath; to subjoin.
Underkeep	To keep under, or in subjection; to suppress.
Underkeeper	A subordinate keeper or guardian.
Underkind	An inferior kind.
Underkingdom	A subordinate or dependent kingdom.
Underlaborer	An assistant or subordinate laborer.
Underlaid	Laid or placed underneath; also, having something laid or lying underneath.
Underlay	To lay beneath; to put under.
Underlay	To raise or support by something laid under; as, to underlay a cut, plate, or the like, for printing. See Underlay, n., 2.
Underlay	To put a tap on (a shoe).
Underlay	To incline from the vertical; to hade; -- said of a vein, fault, or lode.
Underlay	The inclination of a vein, fault, or lode from the vertical; a hade; -- called also underlie.
Underlay	A thickness of paper, pasteboard, or the like, placed under a cut, or stereotype plate, or under type, in the from, to bring it, or any part of it, to the proper height; also, something placed back of a part of the tympan, so as to secure the right impression.
Underlayer	One who, or that which, underlays or is underlaid; a lower layer.
Underlayer	A perpendicular shaft sunk to cut the lode at any required depth.
Underleaf	A prolific sort of apple, good for cider.
Underlease	A lease granted by a tenant or lessee; especially, a lease granted by one who is himself a lessee for years, for any fewer or less number of years than he himself holds; a sublease.
Underlet	To let below the value.
Underlet	To let or lease at second hand; to sublet.
Underletter	A tenant or lessee who grants a lease to another.
Underlie	To lie under; to rest beneath; to be situated under; as, a stratum of clay underlies the surface gravel.
Underlie	To be at the basis of; to form the foundation of; to support; as, a doctrine underlying a theory.
Underlie	To be subject or amenable to.
Underlie	To lie below or under.
Underlie	See Underlay, n., 1.
Underline	To mark a line below, as words; to underscore.
Underline	To influence secretly.
Underling	An inferior person or agent; a subordinate; hence, a mean, sorry fellow.
Underlip	The lower lip.
Underlock	A lock of wool hanging under the belly of a sheep.
Underlocker	A person who inspects a mine daily; -- called also underviewer.
Underlying	Lying under or beneath; hence, fundamental; as, the underlying strata of a locality; underlying principles.
Undermanned	Insufficiently furnished with men; short-handed.
Undermasted	Having masts smaller than the usual dimension; -- said of vessels.
Undermaster	A master subordinate to the principal master; an assistant master.
Undermatch	One who is not a match for another.
Undermeal	The inferior, or after, part of the day; the afternoon.
Undermeal	Hence, something occurring or done in the afternoon; esp., an afternoon meal; supper; also, an afternoon nap; a siesta.
Undermine	To excavate the earth beneath, or the part of, especially for the purpose of causing to fall or be overthrown; to form a mine under; to sap; as, to undermine a wall.
Undermine	Fig.: To remove the foundation or support of by clandestine means; to ruin in an underhand way; as, to undermine reputation; to undermine the constitution of the state.
Underminer	One who undermines.
Underminister	To serve, or minister to, in a subordinate relation.
Underministry	A subordinate or inferior ministry.
Undermirth	Suppressed or concealed mirth.
Undermoneyed	Bribed.
Undermost	Lowest, as in place, rank, or condition.
Undern	The time between; the time between sunrise and noon; specifically, the third hour of the day, or nine o'clock in the morning, according to ancient reckoning; hence, mealtime, because formerly the principal meal was eaten at that hour; also, later, the afternoon; the time between dinner and supper.
Underneath	Beneath; below; in a lower place; under; as, a channel underneath the soil.
Underneath	Under; beneath; below.
Underniceness	A want of niceness; indelicacy; impropriety.
Undernom	of Undernime
Undernime	To receive; to perceive.
Undernime	To reprove; to reprehend.
Underofficer	A subordinate officer.
Underpart	A subordinate part.
Underpay	To pay inadequately.
Underpeep	To peep under.
Underpeer	To peer under.
Underpeopled	Not fully peopled.
Underpight	imp. of Underpitch.
Underpinned	of Underpin
Underpinning	of Underpin
Underpin	To lay stones, masonry, etc., under, as the sills of a building, on which it is to rest.
Underpin	To support by some solid foundation; to place something underneath for support.
Underpinning	The act of one who underpins; the act of supporting by stones, masonry, or the like.
Underpinning	That by which a building is underpinned; the material and construction used for support, introduced beneath a wall already constructed.
Underpinning	The foundation, esp. of a frame house.
Underpight	of Underpitch
Underpitch	To fill underneath; to stuff.
Underplay	To play in a subordinate, or in an inferior manner; to underact a part.
Underplay	To play a low card when holding a high one, in the hope of a future advantage.
Underplay	The act of underplaying.
Underplot	A series of events in a play, proceeding collaterally with the main story, and subservient to it.
Underplot	A clandestine scheme; a trick.
Underpoise	To weigh, estimate, or rate below desert; to undervalue.
Underpossessor	One who possesses or holds anything subject to the superior of another.
Underpraise	To praise below desert.
Underprize	To undervalue; to underestimate.
Underproduction	The production of less than is demanded or of less than the usual supply.
Underproof	Containing less alcohol than proof spirit. See Proof spirit, under Spirit.
Underprop	To prop from beneath; to put a prop under; to support; to uphold.
Underproportioned	Of inadequate or inferior proportions; small; poor.
Underproper	One who, or that which, underprops or supports.
Underpull	To exert one's influence secretly.
Underpuller	One who underpulls.
Underput	To put or send under.
Underrate	To rate too low; to rate below the value; to undervalue.
Underrate	A price less than the value; as, to sell a thing at an underrate.
Underreckon	To reckon below what is right or proper; to underrate.
Underrun	To run or pass under; especially (Naut.), to pass along and under, as a cable, for the purpose of taking it in, or of examining it.
Undersail	To sail alongshore.
Undersailed	Inadequately equipped with sails.
Undersaturated	Not fully saturated; imperfectly saturated.
Undersay	To say by way of derogation or contradiction.
Underscore	To draw a mark or line under; to underline.
Undersecretary	A secretary who is subordinate to the chief secretary; an assistant secretary; as, an undersecretary of the Treasury.
Undersell	To sell the same articles at a lower price than; to sell cheaper than.
Underservant	An inferior servant.
Underset	To prop or support.
Underset	Undercurrent.
Undersetter	One who, or that which, undersets or supports; a prop; a support; a pedestal.
Undersetting	Something set or built under as a support; a pedestal.
Undershapen	Under the usual shape or size; small; dwarfish.
Undersheriff	A sheriff's deputy.
Undersheriffry	Undershrievalty.
Undershirt	A shirt worn next the skin, under another shirt; -- called also undervest.
Undershoot	To shoot short of (a mark).
Undershot	Having the lower incisor teeth projecting beyond the upper ones, as in the bulldog.
Undershot	Moved by water passing beneath; -- said of a water wheel, and opposed to overshot; as, an undershot wheel.
Undershrievalty	The office or position of an undersheriff.
Undershrieve	A low shrub; a woody plant of low stature.
Undershrub	Partly shrublike.
Undershut	Closed from beneath.
Underside	The lower or lowest side of anything.
Undersign	To write one's name at the foot or end of, as a letter or any legal instrument.
Undersized	Of a size less than is common.
Underskinker	Undertapster.
Underskirt	A petticoat; the foundation skirt of a draped dress.
Undersky	The lower region of the sky.
Undersleeve	A sleeve of an under-garment; a sleeve worn under another,
Undersoil	The soil beneath the surface; understratum; subsoil.
Undersold	p. p. of Undersell.
Undersong	The burden of a song; the chorus; the refrain.
Undersong	Accompanying strain; subordinate and underlying meaning; accompaniment; undertone.
Undersparred	Having spars smaller than the usual dimension; -- said of vessels.
Underspend	To spend less than.
Undersphere	A sphere which is smaller than, and in its movements subject to, another; a satellite.
Undersphere	An inferior sphere, or field of action.
Underspore	To raise with a spar, or piece of wood, used as a lever.
Understair	Of or pertaining to the kitchen, or the servants' quarters; hence, subordinate; menial.
Understairs	The basement or cellar.
Understood	of Understand
Understanded	of Understand
Understanding	of Understand
Understand	To have just and adequate ideas of; to apprehended the meaning or intention of; to have knowledge of; to comprehend; to know; as, to understand a problem in Euclid; to understand a proposition or a declaration; the court understands the advocate or his argument; to understand the sacred oracles; to understand a nod or a wink.
Understand	To be apprised, or have information, of; to learn; to be informed of; to hear; as, I understand that Congress has passed the bill.
Understand	To recognize or hold as being or signifying; to suppose to mean; to interpret; to explain.
Understand	To mean without expressing; to imply tacitly; to take for granted; to assume.
Understand	To stand under; to support.
Understand	To have the use of the intellectual faculties; to be an intelligent being.
Understand	To be informed; to have or receive knowledge.
Understandable	Capable of being understood; intelligible.
Understander	One who understands, or knows by experience.
Understanding	Knowing; intelligent; skillful; as, he is an understanding man.
Understanding	The act of one who understands a thing, in any sense of the verb; knowledge; discernment; comprehension; interpretation; explanation.
Understanding	An agreement of opinion or feeling; adjustment of differences; harmony; anything mutually understood or agreed upon; as, to come to an understanding with another.
Understanding	The power to understand; the intellectual faculty; the intelligence; the rational powers collectively conceived an designated; the higher capacities of the intellect; the power to distinguish truth from falsehood, and to adapt means to ends.
Understanding	Specifically, the discursive faculty; the faculty of knowing by the medium or use of general conceptions or relations. In this sense it is contrasted with, and distinguished from, the reason.
Understandingly	In an understanding manner; intelligibly; with full knowledge or comprehension; intelligently; as, to vote upon a question understandingly; to act or judge understandingly.
Understate	To state or represent less strongly than may be done truthfully.
Understatement	The act of understating, or the condition of being understated; that which is understated; a statement below the truth.
Understock	To supply insufficiently with stock.
Understood	imp. & p. p. of Understand.
Understrapper	A petty fellow; an inferior agent; an underling.
Understrapping	Becoming an understrapper; subservient.
Understrata	of Understratum
Understratums	of Understratum
Understratum	The layer, or stratum, of earth on which the mold, or soil, rests; subsoil.
Understroke	To underline or underscore.
Understudy	To study, as another actor's part, in order to be his substitute in an emergency; to study another actor's part.
Understudy	One who studies another's part with a view to assuming it in an emergency.
Undersuit	A suit worn under another suit; a suit of underclothes.
Undertakable	Capable of being undertaken; practicable.
Undertook	of Undertake
Undertaken	of Undertake
Undertaking	of Undertake
Undertake	To take upon one's self; to engage in; to enter upon; to take in hand; to begin to perform; to set about; to attempt.
Undertake	Specifically, to take upon one's self solemnly or expressly; to lay one's self under obligation, or to enter into stipulations, to perform or to execute; to covenant; to contract.
Undertake	Hence, to guarantee; to promise; to affirm.
Undertake	To assume, as a character.
Undertake	To engage with; to attack.
Undertake	To have knowledge of; to hear.
Undertake	To take or have the charge of.
Undertake	To take upon one's self, or assume, any business, duty, or province.
Undertake	To venture; to hazard.
Undertake	To give a promise or guarantee; to be surety.
Undertaker	One who undertakes; one who engages in any project or business.
Undertaker	One who stipulates or covenants to perform any work for another; a contractor.
Undertaker	Specifically, one who takes the charge and management of funerals.
Undertaking	The act of one who undertakes, or engages in, any project or business.
Undertaking	That which is undertaken; any business, work, or project which a person engages in, or attempts to perform; an enterprise.
Undertaking	Specifically, the business of an undertaker, or the management of funerals.
Undertaking	A promise or pledge; a guarantee.
Undertapster	Assistant to a tapster.
Undertaxed	Taxed too little, or at a lower rate than others.
Undertenancy	Tenancy or tenure under a tenant or lessee; the tenure of an undertenant.
Undertenant	The tenant of a tenant; one who holds lands or tenements of a tenant or lessee.
Underthing	Something that is inferior and of little worth.
Undertide	Alt. of Undertime
Undertime	The under or after part of the day; undermeal; evening.
Undertone	A low or subdued tone or utterance; a tone less loud than usual.
Undertook	imp. of Undertake.
Undertow	The current that sets seaward near the bottom when waves are breaking upon the shore.
Undertreasurer	An assistant treasurer.
Underturn	To turn upside down; to subvert; to upset.
Undervaluation	The act of undervaluing; a rate or value not equal to the real worth.
Undervalue	To value, rate, or estimate below the real worth; to depreciate.
Undervalue	To esteem lightly; to treat as of little worth; to hold in mean estimation; to despise.
Undervalue	A low rate or price; a price less than the real worth; undervaluation.
Undervaluer	One who undervalues.
Underverse	The lower or second verse.
Undervest	An undershirt.
Underviewer	See Underlooker.
Underwear	That which is worn under the outside clothing; underclothes.
Underween	To undervalue.
Underwent	imp. of Undergo.
Underwing	One of the posterior wings of an insect.
Underwing	Any one of numerous species of noctuid moths belonging to Catocala and allied genera, in which the hind wings are banded with red and black or other conspicuous colors. Many of the species are called red underwing.
Underwitted	Weak in intellect; half-witted; silly.
Underwood	Small trees and bushes that grow among large trees; coppice; underbrush; -- formerly used in the plural.
Underworked	of Underwork
Underwrought	of Underwork
Underworking	of Underwork
Underwork	To injure by working secretly; to destroy or overthrow by clandestine measure; to undermine.
Underwork	To expend too little work upon; as, to underwork a painting.
Underwork	To do like work at a less price than; as, one mason may underwork another.
Underwork	To work or operate in secret or clandestinely.
Underwork	To do less work than is proper or suitable.
Underwork	To do work for a less price than current rates.
Underwork	Inferior or subordinate work; petty business.
Underworker	One who underworks.
Underworker	An inferior or subordinate workman.
Underworld	The lower of inferior world; the world which is under the heavens; the earth.
Underworld	The mythological place of departed souls; Hades.
Underworld	The portion of the world which is below the horizon; the opposite side of the world; the antipodes.
Underworld	The inferior part of mankind.
Underwrote	of Underwrite
Underwrit	of Underwrite
Underwritten	of Underwrite
Underwrit	of Underwrite
Underwriting	of Underwrite
Underwrite	To write under something else; to subscribe.
Underwrite	To subscribe one's name to for insurance, especially for marine insurance; to write one's name under, or set one's name to, as a policy of insurance, for the purpose of becoming answerable for loss or damage, on consideration of receiving a certain premium per cent; as, individuals, as well as companies, may underwrite policies of insurance.
Underwrite	To practice the business of insuring; to take a risk of insurance on a vessel or the like.
Underwriter	One who underwrites his name to the conditions of an insurance policy, especially of a marine policy; an insurer.
Underwriting	The business of an underwriter,
Underyoke	To subject to the yoke; to make subject.
Undeserve	To fail to deserve.
Undeserver	One of no merit; one who is nor deserving or worthy.
Undesigning	Having no artful, ulterior, or fraudulent purpose; sincere; artless; simple.
Undestroyable	Indestructible.
Undeterminable	Not determinable; indeterminable.
Undeterminate	Nor determinate; not settled or certain; indeterminate.
Undetermination	Indetermination.
Undevil	To free from possession by a devil or evil spirit; to exorcise.
Undevotion	Absence or want of devotion.
Undid	imp. of Undo.
Undifferentiated	Not differentiated; specifically (Biol.), homogenous, or nearly so; -- said especially of young or embryonic tissues which have not yet undergone differentiation (see Differentiation, 3), that is, which show no visible separation into their different structural parts.
Undigenous	Generated by water.
Undigestible	Indigestible.
Undight	To put off; to lay aside, as a garment.
Undigne	Unworthy.
Undine	One of a class of fabled female water spirits who might receive a human soul by intermarrying with a mortal.
Undiocesed	Unprovided with a diocese; having no diocese.
Undirect	To misdirect; to mislead.
Undirect	Indirect.
Undirected	Not directed; not guided; left without direction.
Undirected	Not addressed; not superscribed, as a letter.
Undirected	Misdirected; misled; led astray.
Undirectly	Indirectly.
Undiscerning	Want of discernment.
Undisclose	To keep close or secret.
Undiscreet	Indiscreet.
Undispensable	Indispensable.
Undispensable	Unavoidable; inevitable.
Undispensable	Not to be freed by dispensation.
Undispensed	Not dispensed.
Undispensed	Not freed by dispensation.
Undisposedness	Indisposition; disinclination.
Undisputable	Indisputable.
Undistinctive	Making no distinctions; not discriminating; impartial.
Undistinctly	Indistinctly.
Undivided	Not divided; not separated or disunited; unbroken; whole; continuous; as, plains undivided by rivers or mountains.
Undivided	Not set off, as a share in a firm; not made actually separate by division; as, a partner, owning one half in a firm, is said to own an undivided half so long as the business continues and his share is not set off to him.
Undivided	Not directed or given to more than one object; as, undivided attention or affection.
Undivided	Not lobed, cleft, or branched; entire.
Undividual	Indivisible.
Undivisible	Indivisible.
Undo	To reverse, as what has been done; to annul; to bring to naught.
Undo	To loose; to open; to take to piece; to unfasten; to untie; hence, to unravel; to solve; as, to undo a knot; to undo a puzzling question; to undo a riddle.
Undo	To bring to poverty; to impoverish; to ruin, as in reputation, morals, hopes, or the like; as, many are undone by unavoidable losses, but more undo themselves by vices and dissipation, or by indolence.
Undock	To take out of dock; as, to undock a ship.
Undoer	One who undoes anything; especially, one who ruins another.
Undoing	The reversal of what has been done.
Undoing	Ruin.
Undomesticate	To make wild or roving.
Undone	p. p. of Undo.
Undone	Not done or performed; neglected.
Undouble	To unfold, or render single.
Undoubtable	Indubitable.
Undoubted	Not doubted; not called in question; indubitable; indisputable; as, undoubted proof; undoubted hero.
Undrape	To strip of drapery; to uncover or unveil.
Undraw	To draw aside or open; to draw back.
Undreamed	Alt. of Undreamt
Undreamt	Not dreamed, or dreamed of; not th/ught of; not imagined; -- often followed by of.
Undress	To divest of clothes; to strip.
Undress	To divest of ornaments to disrobe.
Undress	To take the dressing, or covering, from; as, to undress a wound.
Undress	A loose, negligent dress; ordinary dress, as distinguished from full dress.
Undress	An authorized habitual dress of officers and soldiers, but not full-dress uniform.
Undubitable	Indubitable; as, an undubitable principle.
Undue	Not due; not yet owing; as, an undue debt, note, or bond.
Undue	Not right; not lawful or legal; improper; as, an undue proceeding.
Undue	Not agreeable to a rule or standard, or to duty; disproportioned; excessive; immoderate; inordinate; as, an undue attachment to forms; an undue rigor in the execution of law.
Undueness	The quality of being undue.
Unduke	To deprive of dukedom.
Undulant	Undulating.
Undulary	Moving like waves; undulatory.
Undulate	Same as Undulated.
Undulated	of Undulate
Undulating	of Undulate
Undulate	To cause to move backward and forward, or up and down, in undulations or waves; to cause to vibrate.
Undulate	To move in, or have, undulations or waves; to vibrate; to wave; as, undulating air.
Undulated	Resembling, or in the nature of, waves; having a wavy surface; undulatory.
Undulated	Waved obtusely up and down, near the margin, as a leaf or corolla; wavy.
Undulated	Formed with elevations and depressions resembling waves; having wavelike color markings; as, an undulated shell.
Undulating	Rising and falling like waves; resembling wave form or motion; undulatory; rolling; wavy; as, an undulating medium; undulating ground.
Undulation	The act of undulating; a waving motion or vibration; as, the undulations of a fluid, of water, or of air; the undulations of sound.
Undulation	A wavy appearance or outline; waviness.
Undulation	The tremulous tone produced by a peculiar pressure of the finger on a string, as of a violin.
Undulation	The pulsation caused by the vibrating together of two tones not quite in unison; -- called also beat.
Undulation	A motion to and fro, up and down, or from side to side, in any fluid or elastic medium, propagated continuously among its particles, but with no translation of the particles themselves in the direction of the propagation of the wave; a wave motion; a vibration.
Undulationist	One who advocates the undulatory theory of light.
Undulative	Consisting in, or accompanied by, undulations; undulatory.
Undulatory	Moving in the manner of undulations, or waves; resembling the motion of waves, which successively rise or swell rise or swell and fall; pertaining to a propagated alternating motion, similar to that of waves.
Undull	To remove the dullness of; to clear.
Undulous	Undulating; undulatory.
Unduly	In an undue manner.
Undumpish	To relieve from the dumps.
Undust	To free from dust.
Undwellable	Uninhabitable.
Undwelt	Not lived (in); -- with in.
Undying	Not dying; imperishable; unending; immortal; as, the undying souls of men.
Uneared	Not eared, or plowed.
Unearned	Not earned; not gained by labor or service.
Unearthed	of Unearth
Unearthing	of Unearth
Unearth	To drive or draw from the earth; hence, to uncover; to bring out from concealment; to bring to light; to disclose; as, to unearth a secret.
Unearthly	Not terrestrial; supernatural; preternatural; hence, weird; appalling; terrific; as, an unearthly sight or sound.
Unease	Want of ease; uneasiness.
Uneasity	In an easy manner.
Uneasiness	The quality or state of being uneasy; restlessness; disquietude; anxiety.
Uneasiness	The quality of making uneasy; discomfort; as, the uneasiness of the road.
Uneasy	Not easy; difficult.
Uneasy	Restless; disturbed by pain, anxiety, or the like; disquieted; perturbed.
Uneasy	Not easy in manner; constrained; stiff; awkward; not graceful; as, an uneasy deportment.
Uneasy	Occasioning want of ease; constraining; cramping; disagreeable; unpleasing.
Uneath	Not easy; difficult; hard.
Uneath	Not easily; hardly; scarcely.
Unedge	To deprive of the edge; to blunt.
Unefectual	Ineffectual.
Unelastic	Not elastic; inelastic.
Unelasticity	Inelasticity.
Unelegant	Inelegant.
Uneligible	Ineligible.
Unembarrassed	Not embarrassed.
Unembarrassed	Not perplexed in mind; not confused; as, the speaker appeared unembarrassed.
Unembarrassed	Free from pecuniary difficulties or encumbrances; as, he and his property are unembarrassed.
Unembarrassed	Free from perplexing connection; as, the question comes into court unembarrassed with irrelevant matter.
Unembarrassment	Freedom from embarrassment.
Unembodied	Free from a corporeal body; disembodied; as, unembodied spirits.
Unembodied	Not embodied; not collected into a body; not yet organized; as, unembodied militia.
Unempirically	Not empirically; without experiment or experience.
Unemployed	Not employed in manual or other labor; having no regular work.
Unemployed	Not invested or used; as, unemployed capital.
Unencumber	To free from incumbrance; to disencumber.
Unendly	Unending; endless.
Unentangle	To disentangle.
Unequal	Not equal; not matched; not of the same size, length, breadth, quantity, strength, talents, acquirements, age, station, or the like; as, the fingers are of unequal length; peers and commoners are unequal in rank.
Unequal	Ill balanced or matched; disproportioned; hence, not equitable; partial; unjust; unfair.
Unequal	Not uniform; not equable; irregular; uneven; as, unequal pulsations; an unequal poem.
Unequal	Not adequate or sufficient; inferior; as, the man was unequal to the emergency; the timber was unequal to the sudden strain.
Unequal	Not having the two sides or the parts symmetrical.
Unequalable	Not capable of being equaled or paralleled.
Unequaled	Not equaled; unmatched; unparalleled; unrivaled; exceeding; surpassing; -- in a good or bad sense; as, unequaled excellence; unequaled ingratitude or baseness.
Unequally	In an unequal manner.
Unequalness	The quality or state of being unequal; inequality; unevenness.
Unequitable	Inequitable.
Unequity	Want of equity or uprightness; injustice; wickedness; iniquity.
Unequivocal	Not equivocal; not doubtful; not ambiguous; evident; sincere; plain; as, unequivocal evidence; unequivocal words.
Unerring	Committing no mistake; incapable or error or failure certain; sure; unfailing; as, the unerring wisdom of God.
Unerringly	In an unerring manner.
Unessential	Not essential; not of prime importance; not indispensable; unimportant.
Unessential	Void of essence, or real being.
Unessential	Something not constituting essence, or something which is not of absolute necessity; as, forms are among the unessentials of religion.
Unessentially	In an unessential manner.
Unestablish	To disestablish.
Ubeth	Alt. of Unethes
Unethes	With difficulty; scarcely. See Uneath.
Uneven	Not even; not level; not uniform; rough; as, an uneven road or way; uneven ground.
Uneven	Not equal; not of equal length.
Uneven	Not divisible by two without a remainder; odd; -- said of numbers; as, 3, 7, and 11 are uneven numbers.
Unevitable	Inevitable.
Unexact	Not exact; inexact.
Unexampled	Having no example or similar case; being without precedent; unprecedented; unparalleled.
Unexceptionable	Not liable to any exception or objection; unobjectionable; faultless; good; excellent; as, a man of most unexceptionable character.
Unexceptive	Not exceptive; not including, admitting, or being, an exception.
Unexcusable	Inexcusable.
Unexhaustible	Inexhaustible.
Unexpectation	Absence of expectation; want of foresight.
Unexpected	Not expected; coming without warning; sudden.
Unexpedient	Inexpedient.
Unexpensive	Inexpensive.
Unexperience	Inexperience.
Unexperienced	Not experienced; being without experience; inexperienced.
Unexperienced	Untried; -- applied to things.
Unexperient	Inexperienced.
Unexpert	Not expert; inexpert.
Unexpertly	In an unexpert manner.
Unexpressible	Inexpressible.
Unexpressive	Not expressive; not having the power of utterance; inexpressive.
Unexpressive	Incapable of being expressed; inexpressible; unutterable; ineffable.
Unextinguishable	Inextinguishable.
Unextricable	Not extricable; inextricable.
Unface	To remove the face or cover from; to unmask; to expose.
Unfailable	Infallible.
Unfailing	Not failing; not liable to fail; inexhaustible; certain; sure.
Unfair	To deprive of fairness or beauty.
Unfair	Not fair; not honest; not impartial; disingenuous; using or involving trick or artifice; dishonest; unjust; unequal.
Unfaith	Absence or want of faith; faithlessness; distrust; unbelief.
Unfaithful	Not faithful; not observant of promises, vows, allegiance, or duty; violating trust or confidence; treacherous; perfidious; as, an unfaithful subject; an unfaithful agent or servant.
Unfaithful	Not possessing faith; infidel.
Unfalcated	Not falcated, or hooked.
Unfalcated	Having no deductions; not curtailed, or shortened; undiminished.
Unfallible	Infallible.
Unfasten	To loose; to unfix; to unbind; to untie.
Unfathered	Having no father; fatherless; hence, born contrary to nature.
Unfathered	Having no acknowledged father; hence, illegitimate; spurious; bastard.
Unfavorable	Not favorable; not propitious; adverse; contrary; discouraging.
Unfeather	To deprive of feathers; to strip.
Unfeatured	Wanting regular features; deformed.
Unfeaty	Not feat; not dexterous; unskillful; clumsy.
Unfeeling	Destitute of feeling; void of sensibility; insensible; insensate.
Unfeeling	Without kind feelings; cruel; hard-hearted.
Unfeigned	Not feigned; not counterfeit; not hypocritical; real; sincere; genuine; as, unfeigned piety; unfeigned love to man.
Unfellow	To prevent from being a fellow or companion; to separate from one's fellows; to dissever.
Unfellowed	Being without a fellow; unmatched; unmated.
Unfence	To strip of a fence; to remove a fence from.
Unfertile	Not fertile; infertile; barren.
Unfestlich	Unfit for a feast; hence, jaded; worn.
Unfetter	To loose from fetters or from restraint; to unchain; to unshackle; to liberate; as, to unfetter the mind.
Unfeudalize	To free from feudal customs or character; to make not feudal.
Unfile	To remove from a file or record.
Unfiled	Not defiled; pure.
Unfilial	Unsuitable to a son or a daughter; undutiful; not becoming a child.
Unfinished	Not finished, not brought to an end; imperfect; incomplete; left in the rough; wanting the last hand or touch; as, an unfinished house; an unfinished picture; an unfinished iron casting.
Unfirm	Infirm.
Unfirmness	Infirmness.
Unfit	To make unsuitable or incompetent; to deprive of the strength, skill, or proper qualities for anything; to disable; to incapacitate; to disqualify; as, sickness unfits a man for labor; sin unfits us for the society of holy beings.
Unfit	Not fit; unsuitable.
Unfix	To loosen from a fastening; to detach from anything that holds; to unsettle; as, to unfix a bayonet; to unfix the mind or affections.
Unfix	To make fluid; to dissolve.
Unfledged	Not fledged; not feathered; hence, not fully developed; immature.
Unflesh	To deprive of flesh; to reduce a skeleton.
Unfleshly	Not pertaining to the flesh; spiritual.
Unflexible	Inflexible.
Unflinching	Not flinching or shrinking; unyielding.
Unflower	To strip of flowers.
Unfold	To open the folds of; to expand; to spread out; as, to unfold a tablecloth.
Unfold	To open, as anything covered or close; to lay open to view or contemplation; to bring out in all the details, or by successive development; to display; to disclose; to reveal; to elucidate; to explain; as, to unfold one's designs; to unfold the principles of a science.
Unfold	To release from a fold or pen; as, to unfold sheep.
Unfold	To open; to expand; to become disclosed or developed.
Unfolder	One who, or that which, unfolds.
Unfoldment	The acct of unfolding, or the state of being unfolded.
Unfool	To restore from folly, or from being a fool.
Unforesee	To fail to foresee.
Unforeseeable	Incapable of being foreseen.
Unforeskinned	Deprived of the foreskin; circumcised.
Unforgettable	Not forgettable; enduring in memory.
Unform	To decompose, or resolve into parts; to destroy the form of; to unmake.
Unformed	Decomposed, or resolved into parts; having the form destroyed.
Unformed	Not formed; not arranged into regular shape, order, or relations; shapeless; amorphous.
Unformed	Unorganized; without definite shape or structure; as, an unformed, or unorganized, ferment.
Unfortunate	Not fortunate; unsuccessful; not prosperous; unlucky; attended with misfortune; unhappy; as, an unfortunate adventure; an unfortunate man; an unfortunate commander; unfortunate business.
Unfortunate	An unfortunate person.
Unfounded	Not founded; not built or established.
Unfounded	Having no foundation; baseless; vain; idle; as, unfounded expectations.
Unframe	To take apart, or destroy the frame of.
Unfrangible	Infrangible.
Unfrankable	Not frankable; incapable of being sent free by public conveyance.
Unfraught	Not fraught; not burdened.
Unfraught	Removed, as a burden; unloaded.
Unfree	Not free; held in bondage.
Unfreeze	To thaw.
Unfrequency	Infrequency.
Unfrequent	Infrequent.
Unfrequent	To cease to frequent.
Unfrequented	Rarely visited; seldom or never resorted to by human beings; as, an unfrequented place or forest.
Unfret	To smooth after being fretted.
Unfriend	One not a friend; an enemy.
Unfriended	Wanting friends; not befriended; not countenanced or supported.
Unfriendly	Not friendly; not kind or benevolent; hostile; as, an unfriendly neighbor.
Unfriendly	Not favorable; not adapted to promote or support any object; as, weather unfriendly to health.
Unfriendship	The state or quality of being unfriendly; unfriendliness; enmity.
Unfrock	To deprive or divest or a frock; specifically, to deprive of priestly character or privilege; as, to unfrock a priest.
Unfruitful	Not producing fruit or offspring; unproductive; infertile; barren; sterile; as, an unfruitful tree or animal; unfruitful soil; an unfruitful life or effort.
Unfumed	Not exposed to fumes; not fumigated.
Unfurl	To loose from a furled state; to unfold; to expand; to open or spread; as, to unfurl sails; to unfurl a flag.
Unfurnish	To strip of furniture; to divest; to strip.
Unfusible	Infusible.
Ungain	Ungainly; clumsy; awkward; also, troublesome; inconvenient.
Ungainliness	The state or quality of being ungainly; awkwardness.
Ungainly	Not gainly; not expert or dexterous; clumsy; awkward; uncouth; as, an ungainly strut in walking.
Ungainly	Unsuitable; unprofitable.
Ungainly	In an ungainly manner.
Ungear	To strip of gear; to unharness; to throw out of gear.
Ungeld	A person so far out of the protection of the law, that if he were murdered, no geld, or fine, should be paid, or composition made by him that killed him.
Ungenerous	Not generous; illiberal; ignoble; unkind; dishonorable.
Ungenerously	In an ungenerous manner.
Ungenitured	Destitute of genitals; impotent.
Ungentle	Not gentle; lacking good breeding or delicacy; harsh.
Unget	To cause to be unbegotten or unborn, or as if unbegotten or unborn.
Ungifted	Being without gifts, especially native gifts or endowments.
Ungird	To loose the girdle or band of; to unbind; to unload.
Ungive	To yield; to relax; to give way.
Ungka	The siamang; -- called also ungka ape.
Ungka-puti	The agile gibbon; -- called also ungka-pati, and ungka-etam. See Gibbon.
Unglaze	To strip of glass; to remove the glazing, or glass, from, as a window.
Unglorify	To deprive of glory.
Unglorious	Inglorious.
Unglove	To take off the glove or gloves of; as, to unglove the hand.
Unglue	To separate, part, or open, as anything fastened with glue.
Ungod	To deprive of divinity; to undeify.
Ungod	To cause to recognize no god; to deprive of a god; to make atheistical.
Ungodly	Not godly; not having regard for God; disobedient to God; wicked; impious; sinful.
Ungodly	Polluted by sin or wickedness.
Ungored	Not stained with gore; not bloodied.
Ungored	Not gored or pierced.
Ungot	Alt. of Ungotten
Ungotten	Not gotten; not acquired.
Ungotten	Not begotten.
Ungovernable	Not governable; not capable of being governed, ruled, or restrained; licentious; wild; unbridled; as, ungovernable passions.
Ungown	To strip of a gown; to unfrock.
Ungowned	Stripped of a gown; unfrocked.
Ungowned	Not having, or not wearing, a gown.
Ungraceful	Not graceful; not marked with ease and dignity; deficient in beauty and elegance; inelegant; awkward; as, ungraceful manners; ungraceful speech.
Ungracious	Not gracious; showing no grace or kindness; being without good will; unfeeling.
Ungracious	Having no grace; graceless; wicked.
Ungracious	Not well received; offensive; unpleasing; unacceptable; not favored.
Ungrate	Displeasing; ungrateful; ingrate.
Ungrateful	Not grateful; not thankful for favors; making no returns, or making ill return for kindness, attention, etc.; ingrateful.
Ungrateful	Unpleasing; unacceptable; disagreeable; as, harsh sounds are ungrateful to the ear.
Ungrave	To raise or remove from the grave; to disinter; to untomb; to exhume.
Ungual	Of or pertaining to a nail, claw, talon, or hoof, or resembling one.
Ungual	Having a nail, claw, or hoof attached; -- said of certain bones of the feet.
Unguard	To deprive of a guard; to leave unprotected.
Ungueal	Ungual.
Unguent	A lubricant or salve for sores, burns, or the like; an ointment.
Unguentary	Like an unguent, or partaking of its qualities.
Unguentous	Unguentary.
Unguestlike	In a manner not becoming to a guest.
Unguical	Ungual.
Unguicular	Of or pertaining to a claw or a nail; ungual.
Unguiculata	An extensive division of Mammalia including those having claws or nails, as distinguished from the hoofed animals (Ungulata).
Unguiculate	One of the Unguiculata.
Unguiculate	Alt. of Unguiculated
Unguiculated	Furnished with nails, claws, or hooks; clawed. See the Note under Nail, n., 1.
Unguiculated	Furnished with a claw, or a narrow stalklike base, as the petals of a carnation.
Unguiferous	Producing, having, or supporting nails or claws.
Unguiform	Having the form of a claw or claws.
Unguinous	Consisting of, or resembling, fat or oil; oily; unctuous; oleaginous.
Ungues	of Unguis
Unguis	The nail, claw, talon, or hoof of a finger, toe, or other appendage.
Unguis	One of the terminal hooks on the foot of an insect.
Unguis	The slender base of a petal in some flowers; a claw; called also ungula.
Ungulae	of Ungula
Ungula	A hoof, claw, or talon.
Ungula	A section or part of a cylinder, cone, or other solid of revolution, cut off by a plane oblique to the base; -- so called from its resemblance to the hoof of a horse.
Ungula	Same as Unguis, 3.
Ungular	Of or pertaining to a hoof, claw, or talon; ungual.
Ungulata	An extensive group of mammals including all those that have hoofs. It comprises the Artiodactyla and Perissodactyla.
Ungulate	Shaped like a hoof.
Ungulate	Furnished with hoofs. See the Note under Nail, n., 1.
Ungulate	Any hoofed quadruped; one of the Ungulata.
Unguled	Hoofed, or bearing hoofs; -- used only when these are of a tincture different from the body.
Unguligrade	Having, or walking on, hoofs.
Ungulous	Same as Ungulate.
Unhair	To deprive of hair, or of hairs; as, to unhair hides for leather.
Unhallow	To profane; to desecrate.
Unhallowed	Not consecrated; hence, profane; unholy; impious; wicked.
Unhand	To loose from the hand; to let go.
Unhandsome	Not handsome; not beautiful; ungraceful; not comely or pleasing; plain; homely.
Unhandsome	Wanting noble or amiable qualities; dishonorable; illiberal; low; disingenuous; mean; indecorous; as, unhandsome conduct, treatment, or imputations.
Unhandsome	Unhandy; clumsy; awkward; inconvenient.
Unhandy	Clumsy; awkward; as, an Unhandy man.
Unhang	To divest or strip of hangings; to remove the hangings, as a room.
Unhang	To remove (something hanging or swinging) from that which supports it; as, to unhang a gate.
Unhap	Ill luck; misfortune.
Unhappied	Made unhappy.
Unhappy	Not happy or fortunate; unfortunate; unlucky; as, affairs have taken an unhappy turn.
Unhappy	In a degree miserable or wretched; not happy; sad; sorrowful; as, children render their parents unhappy by misconduct.
Unhappy	Marked by infelicity; evil; calamitous; as, an unhappy day.
Unhappy	Mischievous; wanton; wicked.
Unharbor	To drive from harbor or shelter.
Unharbored	Having no harbor or shelter; unprotected.
Unharbored	Affording no harbor or shelter.
Unharmonious	Inharmonious; unsymmetrical; also, unmusical; discordant.
Unharness	To strip of harness; to loose from harness or gear; as, to unharness horses or oxen.
Unharness	To disarm; to divest of armor.
Unhasp	To unloose the hasp of; to unclose.
Unhat	To take off the hat of; to remove one's hat, especially as a mark of respect.
Unhead	To take out the head of; as, to unhead a cask.
Unhead	To decapitate; to behead.
Unheal	Misfortune; calamity; sickness.
Unheal	To uncover. See Unhele.
Unhealth	Unsoundness; disease.
Unheard	Not heard; not perceived by the ear; as, words unheard by those present.
Unheard	Not granted an audience or a hearing; not allowed to speak; not having made a defense, or stated one's side of a question; disregarded; unheeded; as, to condem/ a man unheard.
Unheard	Not known to fame; not illustrious or celebrated; obscure.
Unheard-of	New; unprecedented; unparalleled.
Unheart	To cause to lose heart; to dishearten.
Unheedy	Incautious; precipitate; heedless.
Unheired	Destitute of an heir.
Unhele	Same as Unheal, n.
Unhele	To uncover.
Unhelm	To deprive of the helm or helmet.
Unhelmed	Divested or deprived of the helm or helmet.
Unhelmed	Not wearing a helmet; without a helmet.
Unhelmet	To deprive of the helmet.
Unhide	To bring out from concealment; to discover.
Unhinge	To take from the hinges; as, to unhinge a door.
Unhinge	To displace; to unfix by violence.
Unhinge	To render unstable or wavering; to unsettle; as, to unhinge one's mind or opinions; to unhinge the nerves.
Unhingement	The act unhinging, or the state of being unhinged.
Unhitch	To free from being hitched, or as if from being hitched; to unfasten; to loose; as, to unhitch a horse, or a trace.
Unhive	To drive or remove from a hive.
Unhive	To deprive of habitation or shelter, as a crowd.
Unhoard	To take or steal from a hoard; to pilfer.
Unhold	To cease to hold; to unhand; to release.
Unholy	Not holy; unhallowed; not consecrated; hence, profane; wicked; impious.
Unhonest	Dishonest; dishonorable.
Unhood	To remove a hood or disguise from.
Unhook	To loose from a hook; to undo or open by loosening or unfastening the hooks of; as, to unhook a fish; to unhook a dress.
Unhoop	To strip or deprive of hoops; to take away the hoops of.
Unhoped	Not hoped or expected.
Unhoped-for	Unhoped; unexpected.
Unhorse	To throw from a horse; to cause to dismount; also, to take a horse or horses from; as, to unhorse a rider; to unhorse a carriage.
Unhosed	Without hose.
Unhospitable	Inhospitable.
Unhouse	To drive from a house or habitation; to dislodge; hence, to deprive of shelter.
Unhoused	Driven from a house; deprived of shelter.
Unhoused	Not provided with a house or shelter; houseless; homeless.
Unhouseled	Not having received the sacrament.
Unhuman	Not human; inhuman.
Unhumanize	To render inhuman or barbarous.
Unhusked	Not husked; having the husk on.
Unhusked	Having the husk removed; without husk.
Uni-	A prefix signifying one, once; as in uniaxial, unicellular.
Uniat	Alt. of Uniate
Uniate	A member of the Greek Church, who nevertheless acknowledges the supremacy of the Pope of Rome; one of the United Greeks. Also used adjectively.
Uniaxal	Uniaxial.
Uniaxial	Having but one optic axis, or line of no double refraction.
Uniaxial	Having only one axis; developing along a single line or plane; -- opposed to multiaxial.
Uniaxially	In a uniaxial manner.
Unibranchiate	Having but one gill, as certain molluscs.
Unicameral	Having, or consisting of, a single chamber; -- said of a legislative assembly.
Unicapsular	Having but one capsule to each flower.
Unicarinated	Having one ridge or keel.
Unicelled	Unicellular.
Unicellular	Having, or consisting of, but a single cell; as, a unicellular organism.
Unicentral	Having a single center of growth.
Unicity	The condition of being united; quality of the unique; unification.
Uniclinal	See Nonoclinal.
Unicolorous	Having the surface of a uniform color.
Unicorn	A fabulous animal with one horn; the monoceros; -- often represented in heraldry as a supporter.
Unicorn	A two-horned animal of some unknown kind, so called in the Authorized Version of the Scriptures.
Unicorn	Any large beetle having a hornlike prominence on the head or prothorax.
Unicorn	The larva of a unicorn moth.
Unicorn	The kamichi; -- called also unicorn bird.
Unicorn	A howitzer.
Unicornous	Having but a single horn; -- said of certain insects.
Unicostate	Having a single rib or strong nerve running upward from the base; -- said of a leaf.
Unicursal	That can be passed over in a single course; -- said of a curve when the coordinates of the point on the curve can be expressed as rational algebraic functions of a single parameter /.
Unideaed	Having no ideas; senseless; frivolous.
Unideal	Not ideal; real; unimaginative.
Unideal	Unideaed.
Unidimensional	Having but one dimension. See Dimension.
Unifacial	Having but one front surface; as, some foliaceous corals are unifacial, the polyp mouths being confined to one surface.
Unific	Making one or unity; unifying.
Unification	The act of unifying, or the state of being unified.
Unifier	One who, or that which, unifies; as, a natural law is a unifier of phenomena.
Unifilar	Having only one thread; involving the use of only one thread, wire, fiber, or the like; as, unifilar suspension.
Uniflagellate	Having but one flagellum; as, uniflagellate organisms.
Uniflorous	Bearing one flower only; as, a uniflorous peduncle.
Unifolliate	Having only one leaf.
Unifollilate	Having only one leaflet, as the leaves of the orange tree.
Uniform	Having always the same form, manner, or degree; not varying or variable; unchanging; consistent; equable; homogenous; as, the dress of the Asiatics has been uniform from early ages; the temperature is uniform; a stratum of uniform clay.
Uniform	Of the same form with others; agreeing with each other; conforming to one rule or mode; consonant.
Uniform	A dress of a particular style or fashion worn by persons in the same service or order by means of which they have a distinctive appearance; as, the uniform of the artillery, of the police, of the Freemasons, etc.
Uniform	To clothe with a uniform; as, to uniform a company of soldiers.
Uniform	To make conformable.
Uniformal	Uniform.
Uniformism	The doctrine of uniformity in the geological history of the earth; -- in part equivalent to uniformitarianism, but also used, more broadly, as opposed to catastrophism.
Uniformitarian	Of, pertaining to, or designating, the view or doctrine that existing causes, acting in the same manner and with essentially the same intensity as at the present time, are sufficient to account for all geological changes.
Uniformitarian	One who accepts uniformitarianism, or the uniformitarian doctrine.
Uniformitarianism	The uniformitarian doctrine.
Uniformity	The quality or state of being uniform; freedom from variation or difference; resemblance to itself at all times; sameness of action, effect, etc., under like conditions; even tenor; as, the uniformity of design in a poem; the uniformity of nature.
Uniformity	Consistency; sameness; as, the uniformity of a man's opinions.
Uniformity	Similitude between the parts of a whole; as, the uniformity of sides in a regular figure; beauty is said to consist in uniformity with variety.
Uniformity	Continued or unvaried sameness or likeness.
Uniformity	Conformity to a pattern or rule; resemblance, consonance, or agreement; as, the uniformity of different churches in ceremonies or rites.
Uniformly	In a uniform manner; without variation or diversity; by a regular, constant, or common ratio of change; with even tenor; as, a temper uniformly mild.
Unifromness	The quality or state of being uniform; uniformity.
Unified	of Unify
Unifying	of Unify
Unify	To cause to be one; to make into a unit; to unite; to view as one.
Unigeniture	The state of being the only begotten.
Unigenous	Being of one kind; being of the same genus.
Unijugate	Having but one pair of leaflets; -- said of a pinnate leaf.
Unilabiate	Having one lip only; as, a unilabiate corolla.
Unilateral	Being on one side only; affecting but one side; one-sided.
Unilateral	Pertaining to one side; one-sided; as, a unilateral raceme, in which the flowers grow only on one side of a common axis, or are all turned to one side.
Uniliteral	Consisting of one letter only; as, a uniliteral word or sign.
Unilobar	Consisting of a single lobe.
Unilocular	Having one cell or cavity only; as, a unilocular capsule or shell.
Unimitable	Inimitable.
Unimpairable	That can not be impaired.
Unimpeachable	Not impeachable; not to be called in question; exempt from liability to accusation; free from stain, guilt, or fault; irreproachable; blameless; as, an unimpeachable reputation; unimpeachable testimony.
Unimplicate	Not implicated.
Unimportance	Want of importance; triviality.
Unimproved	Not improved; not made better or wiser; not advanced in knowledge, manners, or excellence.
Unimproved	Not used; not employed; especially, not used or employed for a valuable purpose; as, unimproved opportunities; unimproved blessings.
Unimproved	Not tilled, cultivated, or built upon; yielding no revenue; as, unimproved land or soil.
Unimuscular	Having only one adductor muscle, and one muscular impression on each valve, as the oyster; monomyarian.
Unincumbered	Not incumbered; not burdened.
Unincumbered	Free from any temporary estate or interest, or from mortgage, or other charge or debt; as, an estate unincumbered with dower.
Uninfringible	That may not be infringed; as, an uninfringible monopoly.
Unintelligence	Absence or lack of intelligence; unwisdom; ignorance.
Uninteressed	Uninterested; unaffected.
Uninterested	Not interested; not having any interest or property in; having nothing at stake; as, to be uninterested in any business.
Uninterested	Not having the mind or the passions engaged; as, uninterested in a discourse or narration.
Unintermission	Want or failure of intermission.
Uninucleated	Possessed of but a single nucleus; as, a uninucleated cell.
Unio	Any one of numerous species of fresh-water mussels belonging to Unio and many allied genera.
Uniocular	Of, pertaining to, or seated in, one eye; monocular.
Union	The act of uniting or joining two or more things into one, or the state of being united or joined; junction; coalition; combination.
Union	Agreement and conjunction of mind, spirit, will, affections, or the like; harmony; concord.
Union	That which is united, or made one; something formed by a combination or coalition of parts or members; a confederation; a consolidated body; a league; as, the weavers have formed a union; trades unions have become very numerous; the United States of America are often called the Union.
Union	A textile fabric composed of two or more materials, as cotton, silk, wool, etc., woven together.
Union	A large, fine pearl.
Union	A device emblematic of union, used on a national flag or ensign, sometimes, as in the military standard of Great Britain, covering the whole field; sometimes, as in the flag of the United States, and the English naval and marine flag, occupying the upper inner corner, the rest of the flag being called the fly. Also, a flag having such a device; especially, the flag of Great Britain.
Union	A joint or other connection uniting parts of machinery, or the like, as the elastic pipe of a tender connecting it with the feed pipe of a locomotive engine; especially, a pipe fitting for connecting pipes, or pipes and fittings, in such a way as to facilitate disconnection.
Union	A cask suspended on trunnions, in which fermentation is carried on.
Unionism	The sentiment of attachment to a federal union, especially to the federal union of the United States.
Unionism	The principles, or the system, of combination among workmen engaged in the same occupation or trade.
Unionist	One who advocates or promotes union; especially a loyal supporter of a federal union, as that of the United States.
Unionist	A member or supporter of a trades union.
Unionistic	Of or pertaining to union or unionists; tending to promote or preserve union.
Uniovulate	Containing but one ovule.
Unipara	A woman who has borne one child.
Uniparous	Producing but one egg or young at a time.
Uniparous	Producing but one axis of inflorescence; -- said of the scorpioid cyme.
Uniped	Having only one foot.
Unipersonal	Existing as one, and only one, person; as, a unipersonal God.
Unipersonal	Used in only one person, especially only in the third person, as some verbs; impersonal.
Unipersonalist	One who believes that the Deity is unipersonal.
Uniphonous	Having but one sound, as the drum.
Uniplicate	Having, or consisting of, but one fold.
Unipolar	Having, or acting by means of, one pole only.
Unipolar	Having but one pole or process; -- applied to those ganglionic nerve cells which have but one radiating process; -- opposed to multipolar.
Unique	Being without a like or equal; unmatched; unequaled; unparalleled; single in kind or excellence; sole.
Unique	A thing without a like; something unequaled or unparalleled.
Uniquity	The quality or state of being unique; uniqueness.
Uniradiated	Having but one ray.
Uniramous	Having but one branch.
Uniseptate	Having but one septum, or partition; -- said of two-celled fruits, such as the silicles of cruciferous plants.
Uniserial	Having only one row or series.
Uniseriate	Having one line or series; uniserial.
Unisexual	Having one sex only, as plants which have the male and female flowers on separate individuals, or animals in which the sexes are in separate individuals; di/cious; -- distinguished from bisexual, or hermaphrodite. See Di/cious.
Unisilicate	A salt of orthosilicic acid, H4SiO4; -- so called because the ratio of the oxygen atoms united to the basic metals and silicon respectively is 1:1; for example, Mg2SiO4 or 2MgO.SiO2.
Unison	Harmony; agreement; concord; union.
Unison	Identity in pitch; coincidence of sounds proceeding from an equality in the number of vibrations made in a given time by two or more sonorous bodies. Parts played or sung in octaves are also said to be in unison, or in octaves.
Unison	A single, unvaried.
Unison	Sounding alone.
Unison	Sounded alike in pitch; unisonant; unisonous; as, unison passages, in which two or more parts unite in coincident sound.
Unisonal	Being in unison; unisonant.
Unisonance	Accordance of sounds; unison.
Unisonant	Being in unison; having the same degree of gravity or acuteness; sounded alike in pitch.
Unisonous	Being in unison; unisonant.
Unit	A single thing or person.
Unit	The least whole number; one.
Unit	A gold coin of the reign of James I., of the value of twenty shillings.
Unit	Any determinate amount or quantity (as of length, time, heat, value) adopted as a standard of measurement for other amounts or quantities of the same kind.
Unit	A single thing, as a magnitude or number, regarded as an undivided whole.
Unitable	Capable of union by growth or otherwise.
Unitarian	One who denies the doctrine of the Trinity, believing that God exists only in one person; a unipersonalist; also, one of a denomination of Christians holding this belief.
Unitarian	One who rejects the principle of dualism.
Unitarian	A monotheist.
Unitarian	Of or pertaining to Unitarians, or their doctrines.
Unitarianism	The doctrines of Unitarians.
Unitarianized	of Unitarianize
Unitarianizing	of Unitarianize
Unitarianize	To change or turn to Unitarian views.
Unitary	Of or pertaining to a unit or units; relating to unity; as, the unitary method in arithmetic.
Unitary	Of the nature of a unit; not divided; united.
United	of Unite
Uniting	of Unite
Unite	To put together so as to make one; to join, as two or more constituents, to form a whole; to combine; to connect; to join; to cause to adhere; as, to unite bricks by mortar; to unite iron bars by welding; to unite two armies.
Unite	Hence, to join by a legal or moral bond, as families by marriage, nations by treaty, men by opinions; to join in interest, affection, fellowship, or the like; to cause to agree; to harmonize; to associate; to attach.
Unite	To become one; to be cemented or consolidated; to combine, as by adhesion or mixture; to coalesce; to grow together.
Unite	To join in an act; to concur; to act in concert; as, all parties united in signing the petition.
Unite	United; joint; as, unite consent.
United	Combined; joined; made one.
Unitedly	In an united manner.
Uniter	One who, or that which, unites.
Uniterable	Not iterable; incapable of being repeated.
Unition	The act of uniting, or the state of being united; junction.
Unitive	Having the power of uniting; causing, or tending to produce, union.
Unitively	In a unitive manner.
Unitized	of Unitize
Unitizing	of Unitize
Unitize	To reduce to a unit, or one whole; to form into a unit; to unify.
Unitude	Unity.
Unities	of Unity
Unity	The state of being one; oneness.
Unity	Concord; harmony; conjunction; agreement; uniformity; as, a unity of proofs; unity of doctrine.
Unity	Any definite quantity, or aggregate of quantities or magnitudes taken as one, or for which 1 is made to stand in calculation; thus, in a table of natural sines, the radius of the circle is regarded as unity.
Unity	In dramatic composition, one of the principles by which a uniform tenor of story and propriety of representation are preserved; conformity in a composition to these; in oratory, discourse, etc., the due subordination and reference of every part to the development of the leading idea or the eastablishment of the main proposition.
Unity	Such a combination of parts as to constitute a whole, or a kind of symmetry of style and character.
Unity	The peculiar characteristics of an estate held by several in joint tenancy.
Univalence	The quality or state of being univalent.
Univalent	Having a valence of one; capable of combining with, or of being substituted for, one atom of hydrogen; monovalent; -- said of certain atoms and radicals.
Univalve	A shell consisting of one valve only; a mollusk whose shell is composed of a single piece, as the snails and conchs.
Univalve	Alt. of Univalved
Univalved	Having one valve; as, a univalve shell or pericarp.
Univalvia	Same as Gastropoda.
Univalvular	Same as Univalve, a.
Universal	Of or pertaining to the universe; extending to, including, or affecting, the whole number, quantity, or space; unlimited; general; all-reaching; all-pervading; as, universal ruin; universal good; universal benevolence or benefice.
Universal	Constituting or considered as a whole; total; entire; whole; as, the universal world.
Universal	Adapted or adaptable to all or to various uses, shapes, sizes, etc.; as, a universal milling machine.
Universal	Forming the whole of a genus; relatively unlimited in extension; affirmed or denied of the whole of a subject; as, a universal proposition; -- opposed to particular; e. g. (universal affirmative) All men are animals; (universal negative) No men are omniscient.
Universal	The whole; the general system of the universe; the universe.
Universal	A general abstract conception, so called from being universally applicable to, or predicable of, each individual or species contained under it.
Universal	A universal proposition. See Universal, a., 4.
Universalian	Of or pertaining to Universalism; Universalist.
Universalism	The doctrine or belief that all men will be saved, or made happy, in the future state.
Universalist	One who believes in Universalism; one of a denomination of Christians holding this faith.
Universalist	One who affects to understand all the particulars in statements or propositions.
Universalist	Of or pertaining to Unversalists of their doctrines.
Universalistic	Of or pertaining to the whole; universal.
Universalties	of Universality
Universality	The quality or state of being universal; unlimited extension or application; generality; -- distinguished from particularity; as, the unversality of a proposition; the unversality of sin; the unversality of the Deluge.
Universalized	of Universalize
Universalizing	of Universalize
Universalize	To make universal; to generalize.
Universally	In a universal manner; without exception; as, God's laws are universally binding on his creatures.
Universalness	The quality or state of being universal; universality.
Universe	All created things viewed as constituting one system or whole; the whole body of things, or of phenomena; the / / of the Greeks, the mundus of the Latins; the world; creation.
Universities	of University
University	The universe; the whole.
University	An association, society, guild, or corporation, esp. one capable of having and acquiring property.
University	An institution organized and incorporated for the purpose of imparting instruction, examining students, and otherwise promoting education in the higher branches of literature, science, art, etc., empowered to confer degrees in the several arts and faculties, as in theology, law, medicine, music, etc. A university may exist without having any college connected with it, or it may consist of but one college, or it may comprise an assemblage of colleges established in any place, with professors for instructing students in the sciences and other branches of learning.
Universological	Of or pertaining to universology.
Universologist	One who is versed in universology.
Universology	The science of the universe, and the relations which it involves.
Univocacy	The quality or state of being univocal.
Univocal	Having one meaning only; -- contrasted with equivocal.
Univocal	Having unison of sound, as the octave in music. See Unison, n., 2.
Univocal	Having always the same drift or tenor; uniform; certain; regular.
Univocal	Unequivocal; indubitable.
Univocal	A generic term, or a term applicable in the same sense to all the species it embraces.
Univocal	A word having but one meaning.
Univocally	In a univocal manner; in one term; in one sense; not equivocally.
Univocation	Agreement of name and meaning.
Unjoin	To disjoin.
Unjoint	To disjoint.
Unjointed	Disjointed; unconnected; hence, incoherent.
Unjointed	Having no joint or articulation; as, an unjointed stem.
Unjust	Acting contrary to the standard of right; not animated or controlled by justice; false; dishonest; as, an unjust man or judge.
Unjust	Contrary to justice and right; prompted by a spirit of injustice; wrongful; as, an unjust sentence; an unjust demand; an unjust accusation.
Unjustice	Want of justice; injustice.
Unkard	See Unked.
Unke	A European aquatic toad (Bombinator igneus).  Its back is dark; its belly is marked with crimson. Called also feuerkrote.
Unked	Odd; strange; ugly; old; uncouth.
Unked	Lonely; dreary; unkard.
Unkemmed	Unkempt.
Unkempt	Not combed; disheveled; as, an urchin with unkempt hair.
Unkempt	Fig.; Not smoothed; unpolished; rough.
Unkennel	To drive from a kennel or hole; as, to unkennel a fox.
Unkennel	Fig.: To discover; to disclose.
Unkent	Unknown; strange.
Unketh	Uncouth.
Unkind	Having no race or kindred; childless.
Unkind	Not kind; contrary to nature, or the law of kind or kindred; unnatural.
Unkind	Wanting in kindness, sympathy, benevolence, gratitude, or the like; cruel; harsh; unjust; ungrateful.
Unkindliness	Unkindness.
Unkindly	Not kindly; unkind; ungracious.
Unkindly	Unnatural; contrary to nature.
Unkindly	Unfavorable; annoying; malignant.
Unkindred	Not kindred; not of the same kin.
Unking	To cause to cease to be a king.
Unkingship	The quality or condition of being unkinged; abolition of monarchy.
Unkiss	To cancel or annul what was done or sealed by a kiss; to cancel by a kiss.
Unkle	See Uncle.
Unknight	To deprive of knighthood.
Unknit	To undo or unravel what is knitted together.
Unknot	To free from knots; to untie.
Unknow	To cease to know; to lose the knowledge of.
Unknow	To fail of knowing; to be ignorant of.
Unknow	Unknown.
Unknowledged	Not acknowledged or recognized.
Unknown	Not known; not apprehended.
Unlabored	Not produced by labor or toil.
Unlabored	Not cultivated; untitled; as, an unlabored field.
Unlabored	Not laboriously produced, or not evincing labor; as, an unlabored style or work.
Unlace	To loose by undoing a lacing; as, to unlace a shoe.
Unlace	To loose the dress of; to undress; hence, to expose; to disgrace.
Unlace	To loose, and take off, as a bonnet from a sail, or to cast off, as any lacing in any part of the rigging of a vessel.
Unlade	To take the load from; to take out the cargo of; as, to unlade a ship or a wagon.
Unlade	To unload; to remove, or to have removed, as a load or a burden; to discharge.
Unlaid	Not laid or placed; not fixed.
Unlaid	Not allayed; not pacified; not laid finally to rest.
Unlaid	Not laid out, as a corpse.
Unland	To deprive of lands.
Unlap	To unfold.
Unlash	To loose, as that which is lashed or tied down.
Unlatched	of Unlatch
Unlatching	of Unlatch
Unlatch	To open or loose by lifting the latch; as, to unlatch a door.
Unlaugh	To recall, as former laughter.
Unlaw	To deprive of the authority or character of law.
Unlaw	To put beyond protection of law; to outlaw.
Unlaw	To impose a fine upon; to fine.
Unlaw	Any transgression or offense against the law.
Unlaw	A fine imposed as a penalty for violation of the law.
Unlawed	Not having the claws and balls of the forefeet cut off; -- said of dogs.
Unlawful	Not lawful; contrary to law.
Unlawlike	Not according to law; being or done in violation of law; unlawful.
Unlay	To untwist; as, to unlay a rope.
Unlearn	To forget, as what has been learned; to lose from memory; also, to learn the contrary of.
Unlearn	To fail to learn.
Unlearned	Not learned; untaught; uneducated; ignorant; illiterate.
Unlearned	Not gained by study; not known.
Unlearned	Not exhibiting learning; as, unlearned verses.
Unleash	To free from a leash, or as from a leash; to let go; to release; as, to unleash dogs.
Unleavened	Not leavened; containing no leaven; as, unleavened bread.
Unless	Upon any less condition than (the fact or thing stated in the sentence or clause which follows); if not; supposing that not; if it be not; were it not that; except; as, we shall fail unless we are industrious.
Unlicked	Not licked; hence, not properly formed; ungainly.  Cf. To lick into shape, under Lick, v.
Unlike	Not like; dissimilar; diverse; having no resemblance; as, the cases are unlike.
Unlike	Not likely; improbable; unlikely.
Unlikelihood	Absence of likelihood.
Unlikeliness	The quality or state of being unlikely.
Unlikely	Not likely; improbable; not to be reasonably expected; as, an unlikely event; the thing you mention is very unlikely.
Unlikely	Not holding out a prospect of success; likely to fail; unpromising; as, unlikely means.
Unlikely	Not such as to inspire liking; unattractive; disagreeable.
Unlikely	In an unlikely manner.
Unliken	To make unlike; to dissimilate.
Unlikeness	The quality or state of being unlike; want of resemblance; dissimilarity.
Unlimber	To detach the limber from; as, to unlimber a gun.
Unlimitable	Illimitable.
Unlimited	Not limited; having no bounds; boundless; as, an unlimited expanse of ocean.
Unlimited	Undefined; indefinite; not bounded by proper exceptions; as, unlimited terms.
Unlimited	Unconfined; not restrained; unrestricted.
Unline	To take the lining out of; hence, to empty; as, to unline one's purse.
Unlink	To separate or undo, as links; to uncoil; to unfasten.
Unliquidated	Not liquidated; not exactly ascertained; not adjusted or settled.
Unliquored	Not moistened or wet with liquor; dry.
Unliquored	Not in liquor; not intoxicated; sober.
Unlive	To //ve in a contrary manner, as a life; to live in a manner contrary to.
Unlived	Bereft or deprived of life.
Unload	To take the load from; to discharge of a load or cargo; to disburden; as, to unload a ship; to unload a beast.
Unload	Hence, to relieve from anything onerous.
Unload	To discharge or remove, as a load or a burden; as, to unload the cargo of a vessel.
Unload	To draw the charge from; as, to unload a gun.
Unload	To sell in large quantities, as stock; to get rid of.
Unload	To perform the act of unloading anything; as, let unload now.
Unloader	One who, or that which, unloads; a device for unloading, as hay from a wagon.
Unlocated	Not located or placed; not fixed in a place.
Unlocated	Not surveyed, or designated by marks, limits, or boundaries, as appropriated to some individual, company, or corporation; as, unlocated lands.
Unlock	To unfasten, as what is locked; as, to unlock a door or a chest.
Unlock	To open, in general; to lay open; to undo.
Unlodge	To dislodge; to deprive of lodgment.
Unlook	To recall or retract, as a look.
Unlooked	Not observed or foreseen; unexpected; -- generally with for.
Unlooked-for	Not looked for; unexpected; as, an unlooked-for event.
Unloose	To make loose; to loosen; to set free.
Unloose	To become unfastened; to lose all connection or union.
Unloosen	To loosen; to unloose.
Unlord	To deprive of the rank or position of a lord.
Unlorded	Deprived of the rank of a lord.
Unlorded	Not raised to the rank of a lord.
Unlove	To cease to love; to hate.
Unlovely	Not lovely; not amiable; possessing qualities that excite dislike; disagreeable; displeasing; unpleasant.
Unluckily	In an unlucky manner.
Unluckiness	Quality or state of being unlucky.
Unlucky	Not lucky; not successful; unfortunate; ill-fated; unhappy; as, an unlucky man; an unlucky adventure; an unlucky throw of dice; an unlucky game.
Unlucky	Bringing bad luck; ill-omened; inauspicious.
Unlucky	Mischievous; as, an unlucky wag.
Unlust	Listlessness; disinclination.
Unlute	To separate, as things cemented or luted; to take the lute or the clay from.
Unmade	Not yet made or formed; as, an unmade grave.
Unmade	Deprived of form, character, etc.; disunited.
Unmagistrate	To divest of the office or authority of a magistrate.
Unmaiden	To ravish; to deflower.
Unmake	To destroy the form and qualities of; to deprive of being; to uncreate.
Unman	To deprive of the distinctive qualities of a human being, as reason, or the like.
Unman	To emasculate; to deprive of virility.
Unman	To deprive of the courage and fortitude of a man; to break or subdue the manly spirit in; to cause to despond; to dishearten; to make womanish.
Unman	To deprive of men; as, to unman a ship.
Unmanacle	To free from manacles.
Unmanhood	Absence or lack of manhood.
Unmanned	Deprived of manly qualities; deficient in vigor, strength, courage, etc.; weak; effeminate.
Unmanned	Not tamed; not made familiar with, or subject to, man; -- also used figuratively.
Unmanned	Not furnished with men; as, an unmanned ship.
Unmannerly	Not mannerly; ill-bred; rude.
Unmannerly	Uncivilly; rudely.
Unmantle	To divest of a mantle; to uncover.
Unmarry	To annul the marriage of; to divorce.
Unmartyr	To degrade from the rank of a martyr.
Unmasculate	To emasculate.
Unmask	To strip of a mask or disguise; to lay open; to expose.
Unmask	To put off a mask.
Unmasterable	Incapable of being mastered or subdued.
Unmaterial	Not material; immaterial.
Unmeaning	Having no meaning or signification; as, unmeaning words.
Unmeaning	Not indicating intelligence or sense; senseless; expressionless; as, an unmeaning face.
Unmeant	Not meant or intended; unintentional.
Unmeasurable	Immeasurable.
Unmechanize	To undo the mechanism of; to unmake; as, to unmechanize a structure.
Unmechanized	Not mechanized.
Unmeet	Not meet or fit; not proper; unbecoming; unsuitable; -- usually followed by for.
Unmember	To deprive of membership, as in a church.
Unmentionables	The breeches; trousers.
Unmerchantable	Not merchantable; not fit for market; being of a kind, quality, or quantity that is unsalable.
Unmercied	Unmerciful; merciless.
Unmerciful	Not merciful; indisposed to mercy or grace; cruel; inhuman; merciless; unkind.
Unmerciless	Utterly merciless.
Unmew	To release from confinement or restraint.
Unmingle	To separate, as things mixed.
Unmistakable	Incapable of being mistaken or misunderstood; clear; plain; obvious; evident.
Unmiter	Alt. of Unmitre
Unmitre	To deprive of a miter; to depose or degrade from the rank of a bishop.
Unmold	Alt. of Unmould
Unmould	To change the form of; to reduce from any form.
Unmoneyed	Destitute of money; not rich.
Unmonopolize	To recover or release from the state of being monopolized.
Unmoor	To cause to ride with one anchor less than before, after having been moored by two or more anchors.
Unmoor	To loose from anchorage. See Moor, v. t.
Unmoor	To weigh anchor.
Unmoral	Having no moral perception, quality, or relation; involving no idea of morality; -- distinguished from both moral and immoral.
Unmoralized	Not restrained or tutored by morality.
Unmorrised	Not arrayed in the dress of a morris dancer.
Unmortise	To loosen, unfix, or separate, as things mortised together.
Un-Mosaic	Not according to Moses; unlike Moses or his works.
Unmothered	Deprived of a mother; motherless.
Unmovable	Immovable.
Unmovably	Immovably.
Unmoved	Not moved; fixed; firm; unshaken; calm; apathetic.
Unmuffle	To take a covering from, as the face; to uncover.
Unmuffle	To remove the muffling of, as a drum.
Unmutable	Immutable.
Unmuzzle	To loose from a muzzle; to remove a muzzle from.
Unnail	To remove the nails from; to unfasten by removing nails.
Unnapped	Finished without a nap.
Unnatural	Not natural; contrary, or not conforming, to the order of nature; being without natural traits; as, unnatural crimes.
Unnaturalize	To make unnatural.
Unnature	To change the nature of; to invest with a different or contrary nature.
Unnature	The contrary of nature; that which is unnatural.
Unnear	Not near; not close to; at a distance from.
Unnesessary	Not necessary; not required under the circumstances; unless; needless; as, unnecessary labor, care, or rigor.
Unnecessity	The state of being unnecessary; something unnecessary.
Unneighbored	Being without neigbors.
Unneighborly	Not neighborly; distant; reserved; solitary; exclusive.
Unneighborly	Not in a neighborly manner.
Unnervate	Enervate.
Unnerve	To deprive of nerve, force, or strength; to weaken; to enfeeble; as, to unnerve the arm.
Unnest	To eject from a nest; to unnestle.
Unnestle	Same as Unnest.
Unnethe	Alt. of Unnethes
Unnethes	With difficulty. See Uneath.
Unnoble	Ignoble.
Unnobly	Ignobly.
Unhooked	Without nooks and corners; guileless.
Unnotify	To retract or withdraw a notice of.
Unnumbered	Not numbered; not counted or estimated; innumerable.
Unnumerable	Innumerable.
Unnun	To remove from condition of being a nun.
Unobedience	Disobedience.
Unobedient	Disobedient.
Unobservance	Want or neglect of observance; inobservance.
Unobtrusive	Not obtrusive; not presuming; modest.
Unoffensive	Inoffensive.
Unoften	Not often.
Unoil	To remove the oil from.
Unoperative	Producing no effect; inoperative.
Unoperculated	Destitute of an operculum, or cover.
Unorder	To countermand an order for.
Unorderly	Disorderly.
Unordinate	Disorderly; irregular; inordinate.
Unorganized	Not organized; being without organic structure; specifically (Biol.), not having the different tissues and organs characteristic of living organisms, nor the power of growth and development; as, the unorganized ferments. See the Note under Ferment, n., 1.
Unoriginated	Not originated; existing from all eternity.
Unoriginated	Not yet caused to be, or to be made; as, possible inventions still unoriginated.
Unoriginately	Without origin.
Unossified	Destitute of a bony structure.
Unowed	Ownerless.
Unowed	Not owed; as, to pay money unowed.
Unowned	Not owned; having no owner.
Unowned	Not acknowledged; not avowed.
Unpack	To separate and remove, as things packed; to open and remove the contents of; as, to unpack a trunk.
Unpack	To relieve of a pack or burden.
Unpacker	One who unpacks.
Unpaganize	To cause to cease to be pagan; to divest of pagan character.
Unpaint	To remove the paint from; to efface, as a painting.
Unpaired	Not paired; not suited or matched.
Unpalped	Destitute of a palp.
Unpannel	To take the saddle off; to unsaddle.
Unparadise	To deprive of happiness like that of paradise; to render unhappy.
Unparagoned	Having no paragon or equal; matchless; peerless.
Unparalleled	Having no parallel, or equal; unequaled; unmatched.
Unparched	Dried up; withered by heat.
Unparented	Having no parent, or no acknowledged parent.
Unparliamentary	Not parliamentary; contrary to the practice of parliamentary bodies.
Unpartial	Impartial.
Unpassable	Impassable.
Unpassionate	Not passionate; dispassionate.
Unpastor	To cause to be no longer pastor; to deprive of pastorship.
Unpathed	Not having a path.
Unpathwayed	Pathless.
Unpatience	Impatience.
Unpatient	Impatient.
Unpaved	Not paved; not furnished with a pavement.
Unpaved	Castrated.
Unpay	To undo, take back, or annul, as a payment.
Unpeace	Absence or lack of peace.
Unpedigreed	Not distinguished by a pedigree.
Unpeeled	Thoroughly stripped; pillaged.
Unpeeled	Not peeled.
Unpeerable	Incapable of having a peer, or equal.
Unpeered	Having no peer; unequaled; unparalleled.
Unpeg	To remove a peg or pegs from; to unfasten; to open.
Unpen	To release from a pen or from confinement.
Unpenetrable	Impenetrable.
Unpenitent	Impenitent.
Unpeople	To deprive of inhabitants; to depopulate.
Unperegal	Unequal.
Unperfect	To mar or destroy the perfection of.
Unperfect	Imperfect.
Unperfection	Want of perfection; imperfection.
Unperishable	Imperishable.
Unperishably	Imperishably.
Unperplex	To free from perplexity.
Unpersuasion	The state of not being persuaded; disbelief; doubt.
Unpervert	To free from perversion; to deliver from being perverted; to reconvert.
Unphilosophize	To degrade from the character of a philosopher.
Unpick	To pick out; to undo by picking.
Unpicked	Picked out; picked open.
Unpicked	Not picked.
Unpin	To loose from pins; to remove the pins from; to unfasten; as, to unpin a frock; to unpin a frame.
Unpinion	To loose from pinions or manacles; to free from restraint.
Unpitied	Not pitied.
Unpitied	Pitiless; merciless.
Unpitious	Impious; wicked.
Unpitious	Destitute of pity; pitiless.
Unpitousty	Impiety.
Unpity	Want of piety.
Unplacable	Implacable.
Unplaced	Not placed.
Unplaid	To deprive of a plaid.
Unplained	Not deplored or bewailed; unlamented.
Unplat	To take out the folds or twists of, as something previously platted; to unfold; to unwreathe.
Unplausive	Not approving; disapproving.
Unpleaded	Not used as a plea; not urged; as, an unpleaded excuse.
Unpleaded	Not supported by pleas; undefended; as, an unpleaded suit.
Unpleasant	Not pleasant; not amiable or agreeable; displeasing; offensive.
Unpleasantries	of Unpleasantry
Unpleasantry	Want of pleasantry.
Unpleasantry	A state of disagreement; a falling out.
Unpleasive	Unpleasant.
Unpleat	To remove the plaits of; to smooth.
Unplight	To unfold; to lay open; to explain.
Unplumb	To deprive of lead, as of a leaden coffin.
Unplume	To strip of plumes or feathers; hence, to humiliate.
Unpoised	Not poised or balanced.
Unpoised	Not poised or weighed; hence, regardless of consequences; unhesitating.
Unpoison	To remove or expel poison from.
Unpolicied	Not having civil polity, or a regular form of government.
Unpolicied	Impolitic; imprudent.
Unpolish	To deprive of polish; to make impolite.
Unpolite	Not polite; impolite; rude.
Unpolitic	Impolitic; imprudent.
Unpolled	Not polled.
Unpolled	Not enumerated or registered; as, an unpolled vote or voter.
Unpolled	Not plundered.
Unpope	To divest of the character, office, or authority of a pope.
Unpope	To deprive of a pope.
Unportunate	Importunate; troublesome with requests.
Unportuous	Having no ports.
Unpossess	To be without, or to resign, possession of.
Unpossibility	Impossibility.
Unpossible	Impossible.
Unpower	Want of power; weakness.
Unpowerful	Not powerful; weak.
Unpracticable	Impracticable; not feasible.
Unpractical	Not practical; impractical.
Unpraise	To withhold praise from; to deprive of praise.
Unpray	To revoke or annul by prayer, as something previously prayed for.
Unprayable	Not to be influenced or moved by prayers; obdurate.
Unprayed	Not prayed for.
Unpreach	To undo or overthrow by preaching.
Unprecedented	Having no precedent or example; not preceded by a like case; not having the authority of prior example; novel; new; unexampled.
Unpredict	To retract or falsify a previous prediction.
Unprejudiced	Not prejudiced; free from undue bias or prepossession; not preoccupied by opinion; impartial; as, an unprejudiced mind; an unprejudiced judge.
Unprejudiced	Not warped or biased by prejudice; as, an unprejudiced judgment.
Unprelated	Deposed from the office of prelate.
Unprevented	Not prevented or hindered; as, unprevented sorrows.
Unprevented	Not preceded by anything.
Unpriced	Not priced; being without a fixed or certain value; also, priceless.
Unpriest	To deprive of priesthood; to unfrock.
Unprince	To deprive of the character or authority of a prince; to divest of principality of sovereignty.
Unprinciple	To destroy the moral principles of.
Unprincipled	Being without principles; especially, being without right moral principles; also, characterized by absence of principle.
Unprison	To take or deliver from prison.
Unprizable	Not prized or valued; being without value.
Unprizable	Invaluable; being beyond estimation.
Unprobably	Improbably.
Unprobably	In a manner not to be approved of; improperly.
Unproficiency	Want of proficiency or improvement.
Unprofit	Want of profit; unprofitableness.
Unprofited	Profitless.
Unpromise	To revoke or annul, as a promise.
Unprop	To remove a prop or props from; to deprive of support.
Unproper	Not proper or peculiar; improper.
Unproselyte	To convert or recover from the state of a proselyte.
Unprotestantize	To render other than Protestant; to cause to change from Protestantism to some other form of religion; to deprive of some Protestant feature or characteristic.
Unprovide	To deprive of necessary provision; to unfurnish.
Unprovident	Improvident.
Unprudence	Imprudence.
Unprudent	Imprudent.
Unprudential	Imprudent.
Unpucker	To smooth away the puckers or wrinkles of.
Unpure	Not pure; impure.
Unpursed	Robbed of a purse, or of money.
Unpursed	Taken from the purse; expended.
Unqualify	To disqualify; to unfit.
Unqualitied	Deprived of the usual faculties.
Unqueen	To divest of the rank or authority of queen.
Unquestionable	Not questionable; as, an unquestionable title.
Unquestionable	Not inviting questions or conversation.
Unquestioned	Not called in question; not doubted.
Unquestioned	Not interrogated; having no questions asked; not examined or examined into.
Unquestioned	Indisputable; not to be opposed or impugned.
Unquick	Not quick.
Unquiet	To disquiet.
Unquiet	Not quiet; restless; uneasy; agitated; disturbed.
Unquietude	Uneasiness; inquietude.
Unravel	To disentangle; to disengage or separate the threads of; as, to unravel a stocking.
Unravel	Hence, to clear from complication or difficulty; to unfold; to solve; as, to unravel a plot.
Unravel	To separate the connected or united parts of; to throw into disorder; to confuse.
Unravel	To become unraveled, in any sense.
Unravelment	The act of unraveling, or the state of being unraveled.
Unrazored	Not shaven.
Unread	Not read or perused; as, an unread book.
Unread	Not versed in literature; illiterate.
Unreadiness	The quality or state of being unready.
Unready	Not ready or prepared; not prompt; slow; awkward; clumsy.
Unready	Not dressed; undressed.
Unready	To undress.
Unreal	Not real; unsubstantial; fanciful; ideal.
Unreality	The quality or state of being unreal; want of reality.
Unrealize	To make unreal; to idealize.
Unreally	In an unreal manner; ideally.
Unreason	Want of reason; unreasonableness; absurdity.
Unreason	To undo, disprove, or refute by reasoning.
Unreasonable	Not reasonable; irrational; immoderate; exorbitant.
Unreasoned	Not supported by reason; unreasonable.
Unreave	To unwind; to disentangle; to loose.
Unreaved	Not torn, split, or parted; not torn to pieces.
Unrebukable	Not deserving rebuke or censure; blameless.
Unrecuring	Incurable.
Unredeemed	Not redeemed.
Unreeve	To withdraw, or take out, as a rope from a block, thimble, or the like.
Unreformation	Want of reformation; state of being unreformed.
Unregeneracy	The quality or state of being unregenerate.
Unregenerate	Alt. of Unregenerated
Unregenerated	Not regenerated; not renewed in heart; remaining or being at enmity with God.
Unregeneration	Unregeneracy.
Unrein	To loosen the reins of; to remove restraint from.
Unrelenting	Not relenting; unyielding; rigid; hard; stern; cruel.
Unreliable	Not reliable; untrustworthy. See Reliable.
Unreligious	Irreligious.
Unremembrance	Want of remembrance; forgetfulness.
Unremitting	Not remitting; incessant; continued; persevering; as, unremitting exertions.
Unremorseless	Utterly remorseless.
Unrepentance	Impenitence.
Unreproachable	Not liable to be reproached; irreproachable.
Unreprievable	Not capable of being reprieved.
Unreproved	Not reproved.
Unreproved	Not having incurred reproof, blameless.
Unreputable	Disreputable.
Unreserve	Absence of reverse; frankness; freedom of communication.
Unreserved	Not reserved; not kept back; not withheld in part; unrestrained.
Unresistance	Nonresistance; passive submission; irresistance.
Unresisted	Not resisted; unopposed.
Unresisted	Resistless; as, unresisted fate.
Unresistible	Irresistible.
Unrespect	Disrespect.
Unresponsible	Irresponsible.
Unrest	Want of rest or repose; unquietness; sleeplessness; uneasiness; disquietude.
Unrestraint	Freedom from restraint; freedom; liberty; license.
Unresty	Causing unrest; disquieting; as, unresty sorrows.
Unrevenued	Not furnished with a revenue.
Unreverence	Absence or lack of reverence; irreverence.
Unreverend	Not reverend.
Unreverend	Disrespectful; irreverent.
Unreverent	Irreverent.
Unreverently	Irreverently.
Unriddle	To read the riddle of; to solve or explain; as, to unriddle an enigma or a mystery.
Unriddler	One who unriddles.
Unrig	To strip of rigging; as, to unrig a ship.
Unright	Not right; wrong.
Unright	A wrong.
Unright	To cause (something right) to become wrong.
Unrighteous	Not righteous; evil; wicked; sinful; as, an unrighteous man.
Unrighteous	Contrary to law and equity; unjust; as, an unrighteous decree or sentence.
Unrightwise	Unrighteous.
Unringed	Not having a ring, as in the nose.
Unrioted	Free from rioting.
Unrip	To rip; to cut open.
Unripe	Not ripe; as, unripe fruit.
Unripe	Developing too early; premature.
Unripeness	Quality or state of being unripe.
Unrivaled	Having no rival; without a competitor; peerless.
Unrivet	To take out, or loose, the rivets of; as, to unrivet boiler plates.
Unrobe	To disrobe; to undress; to take off the robes.
Unroll	To open, as what is rolled or convolved; as, to unroll cloth; to unroll a banner.
Unroll	To display; to reveal.
Unroll	To remove from a roll or register, as a name.
Un-Romanized	Not subjected to Roman arms or customs.
Un-Romanized	Not subjected to the principles or usages of the Roman Catholic Church.
Unroof	To strip off the roof or covering of, as a house.
Unroofed	Stripped of a roof, or similar covering.
Unroofed	Not yet roofed.
Unroost	To drive from the roost.
Unroot	To tear up by the roots; to eradicate; to uproot.
Unroot	To be torn up by the roots.
Unrude	Not rude; polished.
Unrude	Excessively rude.
Unruffle	To cease from being ruffled or agitated.
Unruffled	Not ruffled or agitated; smooth; calm; tranquil; quiet.
Unruinate	Alt. of Unruinated
Unruinated	Not ruined or destroyed.
Unruled	Not governed or controlled.
Unruled	Not ruled or marked with lines; as, unruled paper.
Unruliment	Unruliness.
Unruliness	Quality or state unruly.
Unruly	Not submissive to rule; disregarding restraint; disposed to violate; turbulent; ungovernable; refractory; as, an unruly boy; unruly boy; unruly conduct.
Unrumple	To free from rumples; to spread or lay even,
Unsacrament	To deprive of sacramental character or efficacy; as, to unsacrament the rite of baptism.
Unsad	Unsteady; fickle.
Unsadden	To relieve from sadness; to cheer.
Unsaddle	To strip of a saddle; to take the saddle from, as a horse.
Unsaddle	To throw from the saddle; to unhorse.
Unsadness	Infirmity; weakness.
Unsafety	The quality or state of being in peril; absence of safety; insecurity.
Unsaint	To deprive of saintship; to deny sanctity to.
Unsaintly	Unbecoming to a saint.
Unsalable	Not salable; unmerchantable.
Unsalable	That which can not be sold.
Unsanctification	Absence or lack of sanctification.
Unsatiability	Quality of being unsatiable; insatiability.
Unsatiable	Insatiable.
Unsatiate	Insatiate.
Unsatisfaction	Dissatisfaction.
Unsaturated	Capable of absorbing or dissolving to a greater degree; as, an unsaturated solution.
Unsaturated	Capable of taking up, or of uniting with, certain other elements or compounds, without the elimination of any side product; thus, aldehyde, ethylene, and ammonia are unsaturated.
Unsaturation	The quality or state of being unsaturated.
Unsay	To recant or recall, as what has been said; to refract; to take back again; to make as if not said.
Unscale	To divest of scales; to remove scales from.
Unscapable	Not be escaped; inevitable.
Unsceptered	Alt. of Unsceptred
Unsceptred	Having no scepter.
Unsceptred	Deprived of a scepter.
Unscience	Want of science or knowledge; ignorance.
Unscrew	To draw the screws from; to loose from screws; to loosen or withdraw (anything, as a screw) by turning it.
Unscrupulous	Not scrupulous; unprincipled.
Unscrutable	Inscrutable.
Unsoutcheoned	Destitute of an escutcheon.
Unseal	To break or remove the seal of; to open, as what is sealed; as, to unseal a letter.
Unseal	To disclose, as a secret.
Unseam	To open the seam or seams of; to rip; to cut; to cut open.
Unsearchable	Not searchable; inscrutable; hidden; mysterious.
Unseason	To make unseasoned; to deprive of seasoning.
Unseason	To strike unseasonably; to affect disagreeably or unfavorably.
Unseasonable	Not seasonable; being, done, or occurring out of the proper season; ill-timed; untimely; too early or too late; as, he called at an unseasonable hour; unseasonable advice; unseasonable frosts; unseasonable food.
Unseasoned	Not seasoned.
Unseasoned	Untimely; ill-timed.
Unseat	To throw from one's seat; to deprive of a seat.
Unseat	Specifically, to deprive of the right to sit in a legislative body, as for fraud in election.
Unseconded	Not seconded; not supported, aided, or assisted; as, the motion was unseconded; the attempt was unseconded.
Unseconded	Not exemplified a second time.
Unsecret	To disclose; to divulge.
Unsecret	Not secret; not close; not trusty; indiscreet.
Unsecularize	To cause to become not secular; to detach from secular things; to alienate from the world.
Unsecure	Insecure.
Unseel	To open, as the eyes of a hawk that have been seeled; hence, to give light to; to enlighten.
Unseem	Not to seem.
Unseeming	Unbeseeming; not fit or becoming.
Unseemliness	The quality or state of being unseemly; unbecomingness.
Unseemly	Not seemly; unbecoming; indecent.
Unseemly	In an unseemly manner.
Unseen	Not seen or discovered.
Unseen	Unskilled; inexperienced.
Unseldom	Not seldom; frequently.
Unsely	Not blessed or happy; wretched; unfortunate.
Unseminared	Deprived of virility, or seminal energy; made a eunuch.
Unsensed	Wanting a distinct meaning; having no certain signification.
Unsensible	Insensible.
Unsensualize	To elevate from the domain of the senses; to purify.
Unseparable	Inseparable.
Unservice	Neglect of duty; idleness; indolence.
Unset	Not set; not fixed or appointed.
Unsettle	To move or loosen from a settled position or state; to unfix; to displace; to disorder; to confuse.
Unsettle	To become unsettled or unfixed; to be disordered.
Unsettledness	The quality or state of being unsettled.
Unsettlement	The act of unsettling, or state of being unsettled; disturbance.
Unseven	To render other than seven; to make to be no longer seven.
Unsew	To undo, as something sewn, or something inclosed by sewing; to rip apart; to take out the stitches of.
Unsexed	of Unsex
Unsexing	of Unsex
Unsex	To deprive of sex, or of qualities becoming to one's sex; esp., to make unfeminine in character, manners, duties, or the like; as, to unsex a woman.
Unsexual	Not sexual; not proper or peculiar to one of the sexes.
Unshackle	To loose from shackles or bonds; to set free from restraint; to unfetter.
Unshakable	Not capable of being shaken; firm; fixed.
Unshaked	Unshaken.
Unshale	To strip the shale, or husk, from; to uncover.
Unshape	To deprive of shape, or of proper shape; to disorder; to confound; to derange.
Unshaped	Alt. of Unshapen
Unshapen	Not shaped; shapeless; misshapen; deformed; ugly.
Unsheathe	To deprive of a sheath; to draw from the sheath or scabbard, as a sword.
Unshed	Not parted or divided, as the hair.
Unshed	Not spilt, or made to flow, as blood or tears.
Unshell	To strip the shell from; to take out of the shell; to hatch.
Unshelve	To remove from, or as from, a shelf.
Unshent	Not shent; not disgraced; blameless.
Unsheriff	To depose from the office of sheriff.
Unshet	To unshut.
Unshiftable	That may /ot be shifted.
Unshiftable	Shiftless; helpless.
Unship	To take out of a ship or vessel; as, to unship goods.
Unship	To remove or detach, as any part or implement, from its proper position or connection when in use; as, to unship an oar; to unship capstan bars; to unship the tiller.
Unshipment	The act of unshipping, or the state of being unshipped; displacement.
Unshot	To remove the shot from, as from a shotted gun; to unload.
Unshot	Not hit by a shot; also, not discharged or fired off.
Unshout	To recall what is done by shouting.
Unshroud	To remove the shroud from; to uncover.
Unshrubbed	Being without shrubs.
Unshut	To open, or throw open.
Unshutter	To open or remove the shutters of.
Unsight	Doing or done without sight; not seeing or examining.
Unsightable	Invisible.
Unsighted	Not sighted, or seen.
Unsighted	Not aimed by means of a sight; also, not furnished with a sight, or with a properly adjusted sight; as, to shoot and unsighted rife or cannon.
Unsignificant	Insignificant.
Unsilly	See Unsely.
Unsimplicity	Absence of simplicity; artfulness.
Unsin	To deprive of sinfulness, as a sin; to make sinless.
Unsincere	Not sincere or pure; insincere.
Unsincerity	The quality or state of being unsincere or impure; insincerity.
Unsinew	To deprive of sinews or of strength.
Unsister	To separate, as sisters; to disjoin.
Unsisterly	Not sisterly.
Unsisting	Unresisting.
Unsitting	Not sitting well; unbecoming.
Unskill	Want of skill; ignorance; unskillfulness.
Unskillful	Not skillful; inexperienced; awkward; bungling; as, an unskillful surgeon or mechanic; an unskillful logician.
Unskillful	Lacking discernment; injudicious; ignorant.
Unslacked	Not slacked; unslaked; as, unslacked lime.
Unslaked	Not slaked; unslacked; as, an unslaked thirst; unslaked lime.
Unsling	To take off the slings of, as a yard, a cask, or the like; to release from the slings.
Unsluice	To sluice; to open the sluice or sluices of; to let flow; to discharge.
Unsociability	The quality or state of being unsociable; unsociableness.
Unsociable	Not sociable; not inclined to society; averse to companionship or conversation; solitary; reserved; as, an unsociable person or temper.
Unsocket	To loose or take from a socket.
Unsoft	Not soft; hard; coarse; rough.
Unsoft	Not softly.
Unsolder	To separate or disunite, as what has been soldered; hence, to divide; to sunder.
Unsoldiered	Not equipped like a soldier; unsoldierlike.
Unsolemnize	To divest of solemnity.
Unsonable	Incapable of being sounded.
Unsonsy	Not soncy (sonsy); not fortunate.
Unsoot	Not sweet.
Unsophisticate	Alt. of Unsophisticated
Unsophisticated	Not sophisticated; pure; innocent; genuine.
Unsorrowed	Not sorrowed for; unlamented.
Unsorted	Not sorted; not classified; as, a lot of unsorted goods.
Unsorted	Not well selected; ill-chosen.
Unsoul	To deprive of soul, spirit, or principle.
Unsound	Not sound; not whole; not solid; defective; infirm; diseased.
Unspar	To take the spars, stakes, or bars from.
Unsparing	Not sparing; not parsimonious; liberal; profuse.
Unsparing	Not merciful or forgiving.
Unspeak	To retract, as what has been spoken; to recant; to unsay.
Unspeakable	Not speakable; incapable of being uttered or adequately described; inexpressible; unutterable; ineffable; as, unspeakable grief or rage.
Unspecialized	Not specialized; specifically (Biol.), not adapted, or set apart, for any particular purpose or function; as, an unspecialized unicellular organism.
Unsped	Not performed; not dispatched.
Unspell	To break the power of (a spell); to release (a person) from the influence of a spell; to disenchant.
Unsphere	To remove, as a planet, from its sphere or orb.
Unspike	To remove a spike from, as from the vent of a cannon.
Unspilt	Not spilt or wasted; not shed.
Unspin	To untwist, as something spun.
Unspirit	To dispirit.
Unspiritalize	To deprive of spiritually.
Unspleened	Deprived of a spleen.
Unspotted	Not spotted; free from spot or stain; especially, free from moral stain; unblemished; immaculate; as, an unspotted reputation.
Unsquire	To divest of the title or privilege of an esquire.
Unstable	Not stable; not firm, fixed, or constant; subject to change or overthrow.
Unstack	To remove, or take away, from a stack; to remove, as something constituting a stack.
Unstarch	To free from starch; to make limp or pliable.
Unstate	To deprive of state or dignity.
Unsteel	To disarm; to soften.
Unstep	To remove, as a mast, from its step.
Unstick	To release, as one thing stuck to another.
Unstill	Not still; restless.
Unsting	To disarm of a sting; to remove the sting of.
Unstitch	To open by picking out stitches; to take out, or undo, the stitches of; as, to unstitch a seam.
Unstock	To deprive of a stock; to remove the stock from; to loose from that which fixes, or holds fast.
Unstock	To remove from the stocks, as a ship.
Unstockinged	Destitute of stockings.
Unstockinged	Deprived of stockings.
Unstop	To take the stopple or stopper from; as, to unstop a bottle or a cask.
Unstop	To free from any obstruction; to open.
Unstrain	To relieve from a strain; to relax.
Unstrained	Not strained; not cleared or purified by straining; as, unstrained oil or milk.
Unstrained	Not forced; easy; natural; as, a unstrained deduction or inference.
Unstratified	Not stratified; -- applied to massive rocks, as granite, porphyry, etc., and also to deposits of loose material, as the glacial till, which occur in masses without layers or strata.
Unstrength	Want of strength; weakness; feebleness.
Unstriated	Nonstriated; unstriped.
Unstring	To deprive of a string or strings; also, to take from a string; as, to unstring beads.
Unstring	To loosen the string or strings of; as, to unstring a harp or a bow.
Unstring	To relax the tension of; to loosen.
Unstring	Used also figuratively; as, his nerves were unstrung by fear.
Unstriped	Not striped.
Unstriped	Without marks or striations; nonstriated; as, unstriped muscle fibers.
Unstudied	Not studied; not acquired by study; unlabored; natural.
Unstudied	Not skilled; unversed; -- followed by in.
Unstudied	Not spent in study.
Unsubstantial	Lacking in matter or substance; visionary; chimerical.
Unsubstantialize	To make unsubstantial.
Unsubstantiation	A divesting of substantiality.
Unsucceedable	Not able or likely to succeed.
Unsuccess	Want of success; failure; misfortune.
Unsuccessful	Not successful; not producing the desired event; not fortunate; meeting with, or resulting in, failure; unlucky; unhappy.
Unsufferable	Insufferable.
Unsuffering	Inability or incapability of enduring, or of being endured.
Unsufficience	Alt. of Unsufficiency
Unsufficiency	Insufficiency.
Unsufficient	Insufficient.
Unsuit	Not to suit; to be unfit for.
Unsupportable	Insupportable; unendurable.
Unsured	Not made sure.
Unsurety	Want of surety; uncertainty; insecurity; doubt.
Unsurmountable	Insurmountable.
Unsuspicion	The quality or state of being unsuspecting.
Unswaddle	To take a swaddle from; to unswathe.
Unswathe	To take a swathe from; to relieve from a bandage; to unswaddle.
Unswayable	Not capable of being swayed.
Unswear	To recant or recall, as an oath; to recall after having sworn; to abjure.
Unswear	To recall an oath.
Unsweat	To relieve from perspiration; to ease or cool after exercise or toil.
Unswell	To sink from a swollen state; to subside.
Unsymmetrical	Wanting in symmetry, or due proportion pf parts.
Unsymmetrical	Not symmetrical; being without symmetry, as the parts of a flower when similar parts are of different size and shape, or when the parts of successive circles differ in number. See Symmetry.
Unsymmetrical	Being without symmetry of chemical structure or relation; as, an unsymmetrical carbon atom.
Unsymmetrically	Not symmetrically.
Unsympathy	Absence or lack of sympathy.
Untack	To separate, as what is tacked; to disjoin; to release.
Untackle	To unbitch; to unharness.
Untalked	Not talked; not mentioned; -- often with of.
Untangibility	Intangibility.
Untangible	Intangible.
Untangibly	Intangibly.
Untangle	To loose from tangles or intricacy; to disentangle; to resolve; as, to untangle thread.
Untappice	to come out of concealment.
Untaste	To deprive of a taste for a thing.
Unteach	To cause to forget, or to lose from memory, or to disbelieve what has been taught.
Unteach	To cause to be forgotten; as, to unteach what has been learned.
Unteam	To unyoke a team from.
Untemper	To deprive of temper, or of the proper degree of temper; to make soft.
Untemperate	Intemperate.
Untemperately	Intemperately.
Untempter	One who does not tempt, or is not a tempter.
Untenant	To remove a tenant from.
Untent	To bring out of a tent.
Untented	Having no tent or tents, as a soldier or a field.
Untented	Not tended; not dressed. See 4th Tent.
Unthank	No thanks; ill will; misfortune.
Unthink	To recall or take back, as something thought.
Unthinker	A person who does not think, or does not think wisely.
Unthinking	Not thinking; not heedful; thoughtless; inconsiderate; as, unthinking youth.
Unthinking	Not indicating thought or reflection; thoughtless.
Unthread	To draw or take out a thread from; as, to unthread a needle.
Unthread	To deprive of ligaments; to loose the ligaments of.
Unthread	To make one's way through; to traverse; as, to unthread a devious path.
Untrift	Want of thrift; untriftiness; prodigality.
Untrift	An unthrifty.
Unthrift	Unthrifty.
Unthriftfully	Not thriftily.
Unthriftihead	Alt. of Unthriftihood
Unthriftihood	Untriftiness.
Unthriftily	Not thriftily.
Unthriftily	Improperly; unbecomingly.
Unthriftiness	The quality or state or being unthrifty; profuseness; lavishness.
Unthrifty	Not thrifty; profuse.
Unthrone	To remove from, or as from, a throne; to dethrone.
Untidy	Unseasonable; untimely.
Untidy	Not tidy or neat; slovenly.
Untie	To loosen, as something interlaced or knotted; to disengage the parts of; as, to untie a knot.
Untie	To free from fastening or from restraint; to let loose; to unbind.
Untie	To resolve; to unfold; to clear.
Untie	To become untied or loosed.
Untighten	To make less tight or tense; to loosen.
Until	To; unto; towards; -- used of material objects.
Until	To; up to; till; before; -- used of time; as, he staid until evening; he will not come back until the end of the month.
Until	As far as; to the place or degree that; especially, up to the time that; till. See Till, conj.
Untile	To take the tiles from; to uncover by removing the tiles.
Untime	An unseasonable time.
Untimeliness	Unseasonableness.
Untimely	Not timely; done or happening at an unnatural, unusual, or improper time; unseasonable; premature; inopportune; as, untimely frosts; untimely remarks; an untimely death.
Untimely	Out of the natural or usual time; inopportunely; prematurely; unseasonably.
Untimeous	Untimely.
Untimeously	Untimely; unseasonably.
Untithed	Not subjected tithes.
Untitled	Not titled; having no title, or appellation of dignity or distinction.
Untitled	Being without title or right; not entitled.
Unto	To; -- now used only in antiquated, formal, or scriptural style. See To.
Unto	Until; till.
Unto	Until; till.
Untold	Not told; not related; not revealed; as, untold secrets.
Untold	Not numbered or counted; as, untold money.
Untolerable	Intolerable.
Untomb	To take from the tomb; to exhume; to disinter.
Untongue	To deprive of a tongue, or of voice.
Untooth	To take out the teeth of.
Untoward	Toward.
Untoward	Froward; perverse.
Untoward	Awkward; ungraceful.
Untoward	Inconvenient; troublesome; vexatious; unlucky; unfortunate; as, an untoward wind or accident.
Untowardly	Perverse; froward; untoward.
Untraded	Not dealt with in trade; not visited for purposes of trade.
Untraded	Unpracticed; inexperienced.
Untraded	Not traded in or bartered; hence, not hackneyed; unusual; not common.
Untrained	Not trained.
Untrained	Not trainable; indocile.
Untrammeled	Not hampered or impeded; free.
Untraveled	Not traveled; not trodden by passengers; as, an untraveled forest.
Untraveled	Having never visited foreign countries; not having gained knowledge or experience by travel; as, an untraveled Englishman.
Untread	To tread back; to retrace.
Untreasure	To bring forth or give up, as things previously treasured.
Untreasured	Deprived of treasure.
Untreasured	Not treasured; not kept as treasure.
Untreatable	Incapable of being treated; not practicable.
Untrenched	Being without trenches; whole; intact.
Untressed	Not tied up in tresses; unarranged; -- said of the hair.
Untrowable	Incredible.
Untrue	Not true; false; contrary to the fact; as, the story is untrue.
Untrue	Not faithful; inconstant; false; disloyal.
Untrue	Untruly.
Untruism	Something not true; a false statement.
Untrunked	Separated from its trunk or stock.
Untruss	To loose from a truss, or as from a truss; to untie or unfasten; to let out; to undress.
Untruss	Alt. of Untrusser
Untrusser	One who untrussed persons for the purpose of flogging them; a public whipper.
Untrust	Distrust.
Untrustful	Not trustful or trusting.
Untrustful	Not to be trusted; not trusty.
Untruth	The quality of being untrue; contrariety to truth; want of veracity; also, treachery; faithlessness; disloyalty.
Untruth	That which is untrue; a false assertion; a falsehood; a lie; also, an act of treachery or disloyalty.
Untruthful	Not truthful; unveracious; contrary to the truth or the fact.
Untuck	To unfold or undo, as a tuck; to release from a tuck or fold.
Untune	To make incapable of harmony, or of harmonious action; to put out of tune.
Unturn	To turn in a reserve way, especially so as to open something; as, to unturn a key.
Unturned	Not turned; not revolved or reversed.
Untwain	To rend in twain; to tear in two.
Untwine	To untwist; to separate, as that which is twined or twisted; to disentangle; to untie.
Untwine	To become untwined.
Untwirl	To untwist; to undo.
Untwist	To separate and open, as twisted threads; to turn back, as that which is twisted; to untwine.
Untwist	To untie; to open; to disentangle.
Unty	To untie.
Unusage	Want or lack of usage.
Unused	Not used; as, an unused book; an unused apartment.
Unused	Not habituated; unaccustomed.
Unusual	Not usual; uncommon; rare; as, an unusual season; a person of unusual grace or erudition.
Unusuality	Unusualness.
Unutterable	Not utterable; incapable of being spoken or voiced; inexpressible; ineffable; unspeakable; as, unutterable anguish.
Unvail	See Unveil.
Unvaluable	Invaluable; being beyond price.
Unvaluable	Not valuable; having little value.
Unvalued	Not valued; not appraised; hence, not considered; disregarded; valueless; as, an unvalued estate.
Unvalued	Having inestimable value; invaluable.
Unvariable	Invariable.
Unveil	To remove a veil from; to divest of a veil; to uncover; to disclose to view; to reveal; as, she unveiled her face.
Unveil	To remove a veil; to reveal one's self.
Unveiler	One who removes a veil.
Unveracity	Want of veracity; untruthfulness; as, unveracity of heart.
Unvessel	To cause to be no longer a vessel; to empty.
Unvicar	To deprive of the position or office a vicar.
Unviolable	Inviolable.
Unvisard	To take the vizard or mask from; to unmask.
Unvisible	Invisible.
Unvisibly	Invisibly.
Unvitiated	Not vitiated; pure.
Unvoluntary	Involuntary.
Unvote	To reverse or annul by vote, as a former vote.
Unvoweled	Having no vowel sounds or signs.
Unvulgarize	To divest of vulgarity; to make to be not vulgar.
Unvulnerable	Invulnerable.
Unware	Unaware; not foreseeing; being off one's guard.
Unware	Happening unexpectedly; unforeseen.
Unwares	Unawares; unexpectedly; -- sometimes preceded by at.
Unwarily	In an unwary manner.
Unwariness	The quality or state of being unwary; carelessness; heedlessness.
Unwarm	To lose warmth; to grow cold.
Unwarp	To restore from a warped state; to cause to be linger warped.
Unwarped	Not warped; hence, not biased; impartial.
Unwarrantable	Not warrantable; indefensible; not vindicable; not justifiable; illegal; unjust; improper.
Unwarranted	Not warranted; being without warrant, authority, or guaranty; unwarrantable.
Unwary	Not vigilant against danger; not wary or cautious; unguarded; precipitate; heedless; careless.
Unwary	Unexpected; unforeseen; unware.
Unwashed	Not washed or cleansed; filthy; unclean.
Unwashen	Not washed.
Unwayed	Not used to travel; as, colts that are unwayed.
Unwayed	Having no ways or roads; pathless.
Unwearied	Not wearied; not fatigued or tired; hence, persistent; not tiring or wearying; indefatigable.
Unweary	To cause to cease being weary; to refresh.
Unweave	To unfold; to undo; to ravel, as what has been woven.
Unwedgeable	Not to be split with wedges.
Unweeting	Unwitting.
Unweighed	Not weighed; not pondered or considered; as, an unweighed statement.
Unweighing	Not weighing or pondering; inconsiderate.
Unweld	Alt. of Unweldy
Unweldy	Unwieldy; unmanageable; clumsy.
Unwell	Not well; indisposed; not in good health; somewhat ill; ailing.
Unwell	Specifically, ill from menstruation; affected with, or having, catamenial; menstruant.
Unwellness	Quality or state of being unwell.
Unwemmed	Not blemished; undefiled; pure.
Unwhole	Not whole; unsound.
Unwieldy	Not easily wielded or carried; unmanageable; bulky; ponderous.
Unwild	To tame; to subdue.
Unwill	To annul or reverse by an act of the will.
Unwilled	Deprived of the faculty of will or volition.
Unwilling	Not willing; loath; disinclined; reluctant; as, an unwilling servant.
Unwind	To wind off; to loose or separate, as what or convolved; to untwist; to untwine; as, to unwind thread; to unwind a ball of yarn.
Unwind	To disentangle.
Unwind	To be or become unwound; to be capable of being unwound or untwisted.
Unwisdom	Want of wisdom; unwise conduct or action; folly; simplicity; ignorance.
Unwise	Not wise; defective in wisdom; injudicious; indiscreet; foolish; as, an unwise man; unwise kings; unwise measures.
Unwisely	In an unwise manner; foolishly.
Unwish	To wish not to be; to destroy by wishing.
Unwist	Not known; unknown.
Unwist	Not knowing; unwitting.
Unwit	To deprive of wit.
Unwit	Want of wit or understanding; ignorance.
Unwitch	To free from a witch or witches; to fee from witchcraft.
Unwitting	Not knowing; unconscious; ignorant.
Unwoman	To deprive of the qualities of a woman; to unsex.
Unwonder	To divest of the quality of wonder or mystery; to interpret; to explain.
Unwont	Unwonted; unused; unaccustomed.
Unwonted	Not wonted; unaccustomed; unused; not made familiar by practice; as, a child unwonted to strangers.
Unwonted	Uncommon; unusual; infrequent; rare; as, unwonted changes.
Unwork	To undo or destroy, as work previously done.
Unworldly	Not worldly; spiritual; holy.
Unwormed	Not wormed; not having had the worm, or lytta, under the tongue cut out; -- said of a dog.
Unworship	To deprive of worship or due honor; to dishonor.
Unworship	Lack of worship or respect; dishonor.
Unworth	Unworthy.
Unworth	Unworthiness.
Unworthy	Not worthy; wanting merit, value, or fitness; undeserving; worthless; unbecoming; -- often with of.
Unwrap	To open or undo, as what is wrapped or folded.
Unwray	See Unwrie.
Unwreathe	To untwist, uncoil, or untwine, as anything wreathed.
Unwrie	To uncover.
Unwrinkle	To reduce from a wrinkled state; to smooth.
Unwrite	To cancel, as what is written; to erase.
Unwritten	Not written; not reduced to writing; oral; as, unwritten agreements.
Unwritten	Containing no writing; blank; as, unwritten paper.
Unwroken	Not revenged; unavenged.
Unyoke	To loose or free from a yoke.
Unyoke	To part; to disjoin; to disconnect.
Unyoked	Not yet yoked; not having worn the yoke.
Unyoked	Freed or loosed from a yoke.
Unyoked	Licentious; unrestrained.
Unyolden	Not yielded.
Unzoned	Not zoned; not bound with a girdle; as, an unzoned bosom.
Up	Aloft; on high; in a direction contrary to that of gravity; toward or in a higher place or position; above; -- the opposite of down.
Up	From a lower to a higher position, literally or figuratively; as, from a recumbent or sitting position; from the mouth, toward the source, of a river; from a dependent or inferior condition; from concealment; from younger age; from a quiet state, or the like; -- used with verbs of motion expressed or implied.
Up	In a higher place or position, literally or figuratively; in the state of having arisen; in an upright, or nearly upright, position; standing; mounted on a horse; in a condition of elevation, prominence, advance, proficiency, excitement, insurrection, or the like; -- used with verbs of rest, situation, condition, and the like; as, to be up on a hill; the lid of the box was up; prices are up.
Up	To or in a position of equal advance or equality; not short of, back of, less advanced than, away from, or the like; -- usually followed by to or with; as, to be up to the chin in water; to come up with one's companions; to come up with the enemy; to live up to engagements.
Up	To or in a state of completion; completely; wholly; quite; as, in the phrases to eat up; to drink up; to burn up; to sum up; etc.; to shut up the eyes or the mouth; to sew up a rent.
Up	Aside, so as not to be in use; as, to lay up riches; put up your weapons.
Up	From a lower to a higher place on, upon, or along; at a higher situation upon; at the top of.
Up	From the coast towards the interior of, as a country; from the mouth towards the source of, as a stream; as, to journey up the country; to sail up the Hudson.
Up	Upon.
Up	The state of being up or above; a state of elevation, prosperity, or the like; -- rarely occurring except in the phrase ups and downs.
Up	Inclining up; tending or going up; upward; as, an up look; an up grade; the up train.
Upas	A tree (Antiaris toxicaria) of the Breadfruit family, common in the forests of Java and the neighboring islands. Its secretions are poisonous, and it has been fabulously reported that the atmosphere about it is deleterious. Called also bohun upas.
Upas	A virulent poison used in Java and the adjacent islands for poisoning arrows. One kind, upas antiar, is, derived from upas tree (Antiaris toxicaria). Upas tieute is prepared from a climbing plant (Strychnos Tieute).
Upbar	To fasten with a bar.
Upbar	To remove the bar or bards of, as a gate; to under.
Upbear	To bear up; to raise aloft; to support in an elevated situation; to sustain.
Upbind	To bind up.
Upblow	To inflate.
Upblow	To blow up; as, the wind upblows from the sea.
Upbraided	of Upbraid
Upbraiding	of Upbraid
Upbraid	To charge with something wrong or disgraceful; to reproach; to cast something in the teeth of; -- followed by with or for, and formerly of, before the thing imputed.
Upbraid	To reprove severely; to rebuke; to chide.
Upbraid	To treat with contempt.
Upbraid	To object or urge as a matter of reproach; to cast up; -- with to before the person.
Upbraid	To utter upbraidings.
Upbraid	The act of reproaching; contumely.
Upbreak	To break upwards; to force away or passage to the surface.
Upbreak	A breaking upward or bursting forth; an upburst.
Upbreathe	To breathe up or out; to exhale.
Upbreed	To rear, or bring up; to nurse.
Upbrought	Brought up; educated.
Upbuoyance	The act of buoying up; uplifting.
Upburst	The act of bursting upwards; a breaking through to the surface; an upbreak or uprush; as, an upburst of molten matter.
Upcast	Cast up; thrown upward; as, with upcast eyes.
Upcast	A cast; a throw.
Upcast	The ventilating shaft of a mine out of which the air passes after having circulated through the mine; -- distinguished from the downcast. Called also upcast pit, and upcast shaft.
Upcast	An upset, as from a carriage.
Upcast	A taunt; a reproach.
Upcast	To cast or throw up; to turn upward.
Upcast	To taunt; to reproach; to upbraid.
Upcaught	Seized or caught up.
Upcheer	To cheer up.
Upclimb	To climb up; to ascend.
Upcoil	To coil up; to make into a coil, or to be made into a coil.
Upcountry	In an upcountry direction; as, to live upcountry.
Upcountry	Living or situated remote from the seacoast; as, an upcountry residence.
Upcountry	The interior of the country.
Upcurl	To curl up.
Updive	To spring upward; to rise.
Updraw	To draw up.
Upend	To end up; to set on end, as a cask.
Upeygan	The borele.
Upfill	To fill up.
Upflow	To flow or stream up.
Upflung	Flung or thrown up.
Upgather	To gather up; to contract; to draw together.
Upgaze	To gaze upward.
Upgive	To give up or out.
Upgrow	To grow up.
Upgrowth	The process or result of growing up; progress; development.
Upgush	A gushing upward.
Upgush	To gush upward.
Uphaf	imp. of Upheave.
Uphand	Lifted by the hand, or by both hands; as, the uphand sledge.
Uphang	To hang up.
Uphasp	To hasp or faster up; to close; as, sleep uphasps the eyes.
Upheaped	Piled up; accumulated.
Upheaval	The act of upheaving, or the state of being upheaved; esp., an elevation of a portion of the earth's crust.
Upheave	To heave or lift up from beneath; to raise.
Upheld	imp. & p. p. of Uphold.
Upher	A fir pole of from four to seven inches diameter, and twenty to forty feet long, sometimes roughly hewn, used for scaffoldings, and sometimes for slight and common roofs, for which use it is split.
Uphill	Upwards on, or as on, a hillside; as, to walk uphill.
Uphill	Ascending; going up; as, an uphill road.
Uphill	Attended with labor; difficult; as, uphill work.
Uphilt	To thrust in up to the hilt; as, to uphilt one's sword into an enemy.
Uphoard	To hoard up.
Uphold	To hold up; to lift on high; to elevate.
Uphold	To keep erect; to support; to sustain; to keep from falling; to maintain.
Uphold	To aid by approval or encouragement; to countenance; as, to uphold a person in wrongdoing.
Upholder	A broker or auctioneer; a tradesman.
Upholder	An undertaker, or provider for funerals.
Upholder	An upholsterer.
Upholder	One who, or that which, upholds; a supporter; a defender; a sustainer.
Upholster	To furnish (rooms, carriages, bedsteads, chairs, etc.) with hangings, coverings, cushions, etc.; to adorn with furnishings in cloth, velvet, silk, etc.; as, to upholster a couch; to upholster a room with curtains.
Upholster	A broker.
Upholster	An upholsterer.
Upholsterer	One who provides hangings, coverings, cushions, curtains, and the like; one who upholsters.
Upholstery	The articles or goods supplied by upholsterers; the business or work of an upholsterer.
Uphroe	Same as Euphroe.
Upland	High land; ground elevated above the meadows and intervals which lie on the banks of rivers, near the sea, or between hills; land which is generally dry; -- opposed to lowland, meadow, marsh, swamp, interval, and the like.
Upland	The country, as distinguished from the neighborhood of towns.
Upland	Of or pertaining to uplands; being on upland; high in situation; as, upland inhabitants; upland pasturage.
Upland	Pertaining to the country, as distinguished from the neighborhood of towns; rustic; rude; unpolished.
Uplander	One dwelling in the upland; hence, a countryman; a rustic.
Uplander	The upland sandpiper.
Uplandish	Of or pertaining to uplands; dwelling on high lands.
Uplandish	Rude; rustic; unpolished; uncivilized.
Uplay	To hoard.
Uplead	To lead upward.
Uplean	To lean or incline upon anything.
Uplifting	of Uplift
Uplift	To lift or raise aloft; to raise; to elevate; as, to uplift the arm; to uplift a rock.
Uplift	A raising or upheaval of strata so as to disturb their regularity and uniformity, and to occasion folds, dislocations, and the like.
Up-line	A line or track leading from the provinces toward the metropolis or a principal terminus; the track upon which up-trains run. See Up-train.
Uplock	To lock up.
Uplook	To look or gaze up.
Upmost	Highest; topmost; uppermost.
Upokororo	An edible fresh-water New Zealand fish (Prototroctes oxyrhynchus) of the family Haplochitonidae. In general appearance and habits, it resembles the northern lake whitefishes and trout. Called also grayling.
Upon	On; -- used in all the senses of that word, with which it is interchangeable.
Uppent	A Pent up; confined.
Upper	Being further up, literally or figuratively; higher in place, position, rank, dignity, or the like; superior; as, the upper lip; the upper side of a thing; the upper house of a legislature.
Upper	The upper leather for a shoe; a vamp.
Uppermost	Highest in place, position, rank, power, or the like; upmost; supreme.
Uppertendom	The highest class in society; the upper ten. See Upper ten, under Upper.
Uppile	To pile, or heap, up.
Uppish	Proud; arrogant; assuming; putting on airs of superiority.
Upplight	imp. & p. p. of Uppluck.
Uppluck	To pull or pluck up.
Uppricked	Upraised; erect; -- said of the ears of an animal.
Upprop	To prop up.
Upraise	To raise; to lift up.
Uprear	To raise; to erect.
Upridged	Raised up in a ridge or ridges; as, a billow upridged.
Upright	In an erect position or posture; perpendicular; vertical, or nearly vertical; pointing upward; as, an upright tree.
Upright	Morally erect; having rectitude; honest; just; as, a man upright in all his ways.
Upright	Conformable to moral rectitude.
Upright	Stretched out face upward; flat on the back.
Upright	Something standing upright, as a piece of timber in a building. See Illust. of Frame.
Uprighteously	In an upright or just manner.
Uprightly	In an upright manner.
Uprightness	the quality or state of being upright.
Uprise	To rise; to get up; to appear from below the horizon.
Uprise	To have an upward direction or inclination.
Uprise	The act of rising; appearance above the horizon; rising.
Uprising	Act of rising; also, a steep place; an ascent.
Uprising	An insurrection; a popular revolt.
Uprist	Uprising.
Uprist	imp. of Uprise. Uprose.
Uproar	Great tumult; violent disturbance and noise; noisy confusion; bustle and clamor.
Uproar	To throw into uproar or confusion.
Uproar	To make an uproar.
Uproarious	Making, or accompanied by, uproar, or noise and tumult; as, uproarious merriment.
Uproll	To roll up.
Uproot	To root up; to tear up by the roots, or as if by the roots; to remove utterly; to eradicate; to extirpate.
Uprouse	To rouse up; to rouse from sleep; to awake; to arouse.
Uprun	To run up; to ascend.
Uprush	To rush upward.
Uprush	Act of rushing upward; an upbreak or upburst; as, an uprush of lava.
Upsarokas	See Crows.
Upseek	To seek or strain upward.
Upsend	To send, cast, or throw up.
Upset	To set up; to put upright.
Upset	To thicken and shorten, as a heated piece of iron, by hammering on the end.
Upset	To shorten (a tire) in the process of resetting, originally by cutting it and hammering on the ends.
Upset	To overturn, overthrow, or overset; as, to upset a carriage; to upset an argument.
Upset	To disturb the self-possession of; to disorder the nerves of; to make ill; as, the fright upset her.
Upset	To become upset.
Upset	Set up; fixed; determined; -- used chiefly or only in the phrase upset price; that is, the price fixed upon as the minimum for property offered in a public sale, or, in an auction, the price at which property is set up or started by the auctioneer, and the lowest price at which it will be sold.
Upset	The act of upsetting, or the state of being upset; an overturn; as, the wagon had an upset.
Upsetting	Conceited; assuming; as, an upsetting fellow.
Upshoot	To shoot upward.
Upshot	Final issue; conclusion; the sum and substance; the end; the result; the consummation.
Upside	The upper side; the part that is uppermost.
Upsidown	See Upsodown.
Upsitting	A sitting up of a woman after her confinement, to receive and entertain her friends.
Upskip	An upstart.
Upsnatch	To snatch up.
Upsoar	To soar or mount up.
Upsodown	Upside down.
Upspear	To grow or shoot up like a spear; as, upspearing grass.
Upspring	To spring up.
Upspring	An upstart.
Upspring	A spring or leap into the air.
Upspurner	A spurner or contemner; a despiser; a scoffer.
Upstairs	Up the stairs; in or toward an upper story.
Upstairs	Being above stairs; as, an upstairs room.
Upstand	To stand up; to be erected; to rise.
Upstare	To stare or stand upward; hence, to be uplifted or conspicuous.
Upstart	To start or spring up suddenly.
Upstart	One who has risen suddenly, as from low life to wealth, power, or honor; a parvenu.
Upstart	The meadow saffron.
Upstart	Suddenly raised to prominence or consequence.
Upstay	To sustain; to support.
Upsterte	imp. & p. p. of Upstart.
Upstir	Insurrection; commotion; disturbance.
Upstream	Toward the higher part of a stream; against the current.
Upstreet	Toward the higher part of a street; as, to walk upstreet.
Upstroke	An upward stroke, especially the stroke, or line, made by a writing instrument when moving upward, or from the body of the writer, or a line corresponding to the part of a letter thus made.
Upsun	The time during which the sun is up, or above the horizon; the time between sunrise and sunset.
Upswarm	To rise, or cause to rise, in a swarm or swarms.
Upsway	To sway or swing aloft; as, to upsway a club.
Upswell	To swell or rise up.
Upsyturvy	Upside down; topsy-turvy.
Uptails all	An old game at cards.
Uptails all	Revelers; roysterers.
Uptails all	Revelry; confusion; frolic.
Uptake	To take into the hand; to take up; to help.
Uptake	The pipe leading upward from the smoke box of a steam boiler to the chimney, or smokestack; a flue leading upward.
Uptake	Understanding; apprehension.
Uptear	To tear up.
Upthrow	To throw up.
Upthrow	See Throw, n., 9.
Upthunder	To send up a noise like thunder.
Uptie	To tie up.
Uptill	To; against.
Uptown	To or in the upper part of a town; as, to go uptown.
Uptown	Situated in, or belonging to, the upper part of a town or city; as, a uptown street, shop, etc.; uptown society.
Uptrace	To trace up or out.
Uptrain	To train up; to educate.
Up-train	A train going in the direction of the metropolis or the main terminus.
Up-train	A train going in the direction conventionally called up.
Upturn	To turn up; to direct upward; to throw up; as, to upturn the ground in plowing.
Upupa	A genus of birds which includes the common hoopoe.
Upwaft	To waft upward.
Upward	Alt. of Upwards
Upwards	In a direction from lower to higher; toward a higher place; in a course toward the source or origin; -- opposed to downward; as, to tend or roll upward.
Upwards	In the upper parts; above.
Upwards	Yet more; indefinitely more; above; over.
Upward	Directed toward a higher place; as, with upward eye; with upward course.
Upward	The upper part; the top.
Upwhirl	To rise upward in a whirl; to raise upward with a whirling motion.
Upwind	To wind up.
Upwreath	To rise with a curling motion; to curl upward, as smoke.
Upyat	imp. of Upgive.
Ur	Alt. of Ure
Ure	The urus.
Urachus	A cord or band of fibrous tissue extending from the bladder to the umbilicus.
Uraemia	Accumulation in the blood of the principles of the urine, producing dangerous disease.
Uraemic	Of or pertaining to uraemia; as, uraemic convulsions.
Uraeum	The posterior half of an animal.
Ural	Pertaining to, or designating, the Urals, a mountain range between Europe and Asia.
Ural-Altaic	Of or pertaining to the Urals and the Altai; as the Ural-Altaic, or Turanian, languages.
Urali	See Curare.
Uralian	Alt. of Uralic
Uralic	Of or relating to the Ural Mountains.
Uralite	Amphibole resulting from the alternation of pyroxene by paramorphism. It is not uncommon in massive eruptive rocks.
Uralitization	The change of pyroxene to amphibole by paramorphism.
Uramil	Murexan.
Uranate	A salt of uranic acid.
Urania	One of the nine Muses, daughter of Zeus by Mnemosyne, and patron of astronomy.
Urania	A genus of large, brilliantly colored moths native of the West Indies and South America. Their bright colored and tailed hind wings and their diurnal flight cause them to closely resemble butterflies.
Uranian	Of or pertaining to the planet Uranus; as, the Uranian year.
Uranic	Of or pertaining to the heavens; celestial; astronomical.
Uranic	Pertaining to, resembling, or containing uranium; specifically, designating those compounds in which uranium has a valence relatively higher than in uranous compounds.
Uranin	An alkaline salt of fluorescein, obtained as a brownish red substance, which is used as a dye; -- so called from the peculiar yellowish green fluorescence (resembling that of uranium glass) of its solutions. See Fluorescein.
Uraninite	A mineral consisting chiefly of uranium oxide with some lead, thorium, etc., occurring in black octahedrons, also in masses with a pitchlike luster; pitchblende.
Uraniscoplasty	The process of forming an artificial palate.
Uraniscoraphy	Alt. of Uraniscorrhaphy
Uraniscorrhaphy	Suture of the palate. See Staphyloraphy.
Uranite	A general term for the uranium phosphates, autunite, or lime uranite, and torbernite, or copper uranite.
Uranitic	Of or pertaining to uranium; containing uranium.
Uranium	An element of the chromium group, found in certain rare minerals, as pitchblende, uranite, etc., and reduced as a heavy, hard, nickel-white metal which is quite permanent. Its yellow oxide is used to impart to glass a delicate greenish-yellow tint which is accompanied by a strong fluorescence, and its black oxide is used as a pigment in porcelain painting. Symbol U. Atomic weight 239. 
Uran-ocher	Alt. of Uran-ochre
Uran-ochre	A yellow, earthy incrustation, consisting essentially of the oxide of uranium, but more or less impure.
Uranographic	Alt. of Uranographical
Uranographical	Of or pertaining to uranography; as, an uranographic treatise.
Uranographist	One practiced in uranography.
Uranography	A description or plan of the heavens and the heavenly bodies; the construction of celestial maps, globes, etc.; uranology.
Uranolite	A meteorite or aerolite.
Uranology	A discourse or treatise on the heavens and the heavenly bodies; the study of the heavens; uranography.
Uranometria	A uranometry.
Uranometry	A chart or catalogue of fixed stars, especially of stars visible to the naked eye.
Uranoplasty	The plastic operation for closing a fissure in the hard palate.
Uranoscopy	Observation of the heavens or heavenly bodies.
Uranoso-	A combining form (also used adjectively) from uranium; -- used in naming certain complex compounds; as in uranoso-uranic oxide, uranoso-uranic sulphate.
Uranous	Pertaining to, or containing, uranium; designating those compounds in which uranium has a lower valence as contrasted with the uranic compounds.
Uranus	The son or husband of Gaia (Earth), and father of Chronos (Time) and the Titans.
Uranus	One of the primary planets. It is about 1,800,000,000 miles from the sun, about 36,000 miles in diameter, and its period of revolution round the sun is nearly 84 of our years.
Uran-utan	The orang-utang
Uranyl	The radical UO2, conveniently regarded as a residue of many uranium compounds.
Urao	See Trona.
Urare	Alt. of Urari
Urari	See Curare.
Urate	A salt of uric acid; as, sodium urate; ammonium urate.
Uratic	Of or containing urates; as, uratic calculi.
Urban	Of or belonging to a city or town; as, an urban population.
Urban	Belonging to, or suiting, those living in a city; cultivated; polite; urbane; as, urban manners.
Urbane	Courteous in manners; polite; refined; elegant.
Urbaniste	A large and delicious pear or Flemish origin.
Urbanity	The quality or state of being urbane; civility or courtesy of manners; politeness; refinement.
Urbanity	Polite wit; facetiousness.
Urbanize	To render urban, or urbane; to refine; to polish.
Urbicolae	An extensive family of butterflies, including those known as skippers (Hesperiadae).
Urbicolous	Of or pertaining to a city; urban.
Urceolar	Urceolate.
Urcelate	Shaped like a pitcher or urn; swelling below, and contrasted at the orifice, as a calyx or corolla.
Urceole	A vessel for water for washing the hands; also, one to hold wine or water.
Urceoli	of Urceolus
Urceolus	Any urn-shaped organ of a plant.
Urchin	A hedgehog.
Urchin	A sea urchin. See Sea urchin.
Urchin	A mischievous elf supposed sometimes to take the form a hedgehog.
Urchin	A pert or roguish child; -- now commonly used only of a boy.
Urchin	One of a pair in a series of small card cylinders, arranged around a carding drum; -- so called from its fancied resemblance to the hedgehog.
Urchin	Rough; pricking; piercing.
Urchon	The urchin, or hedgehog.
Urdu	The language more generally called Hindustanee.
Ure	Use; practice; exercise.
Ure	To use; to exercise; to inure; to accustom by practice.
Urea	A very soluble crystalline body which is the chief constituent of the urine in mammals and some other animals. It is also present in small quantity in blood, serous fluids, lymph, the liver, etc.
Ureal	Of or pertaining to urea; containing, or consisting of, urea; as, ureal deposits.
Ureameter	An apparatus for the determination of the amount of urea in urine, in which the nitrogen evolved by the action of certain reagents, on a given volume of urine, is collected and measured, and the urea calculated accordingly.
Urechitin	A glucoside extracted from the leaves of a certain plant (Urechitis suberecta) as a bitter white crystalline substance.
Urechitoxin	A poisonous glucoside found accompanying urechitin, and extracted as a bitter white crystalline substance.
Uredo	One of the stages in the life history of certain rusts (Uredinales), regarded at one time as a distinct genus. It is a summer stage preceding the teleutospore, or winter stage. See Uredinales, in the Supplement.
Uredo	Nettle rash. See Urticaria.
Uredospore	The thin-walled summer spore which is produced during the so-called Uredo stage of certain rusts. See (in the Supplement) Uredinales, Heter/cious, etc.
Ureide	Any one of the many complex derivatives of urea; thus, hydantoin, and, in an extended dense, guanidine, caffeine, et., are ureides.
-uret	A suffix with the same meaning as -ide. See -ide.
Ureter	The duct which conveys the urine from the kidney to the bladder or cloaca. There are two ureters, one for each kidney.
Ureteritis	Inflammation of the ureter.
Urethane	A white crystalline substance, NH2.CO.OC2H5, produced by the action of ammonia on ethyl carbonate. It is used somewhat in medicine as a hypnotic. By extension, any one of the series of related substances of which urethane proper is the type.
Urethra	The canal by which the urine is conducted from the bladder and discharged.
Urethral	Of or pertaining to the urethra.
Urethritis	Inflammation of the urethra.
Urethroplasty	An operation for the repair of an injury or a defect in the walls of the urethra.
Urethroscope	An instrument for viewing the interior of the urethra.
Urethroscopy	Examination of the urethra by means of the urethroscope.
Urethrotome	An instrument for cutting a urethral stricture.
Urethrotomy	An incision of the urethra, esp. incision for relief of urethral stricture.
Uretic	Of or pertaining to the urine; diuretic; urinary; as, uretic medicine.
Urged	of Urge
Urging	of Urge
Urge	To press; to push; to drive; to impel; to force onward.
Urge	To press the mind or will of; to ply with motives, arguments, persuasion, or importunity.
Urge	To provoke; to exasperate.
Urge	To press hard upon; to follow closely
Urge	To present in an urgent manner; to press upon attention; to insist upon; as, to urge an argument; to urge the necessity of a case.
Urge	To treat with forcible means; to take severe or violent measures with; as, to urge an ore with intense heat.
Urge	To press onward or forward.
Urge	To be pressing in argument; to insist; to persist.
Urgence	Urgency.
Urgency	The quality or condition of being urgent; insistence; pressure; as, the urgency of a demand or an occasion.
Urgent	Urging; pressing; besetting; plying, with importunity; calling for immediate attention; instantly important.
Urgently	In an urgent manner.
Urger	One who urges.
Uric	Of or pertaining to urine; obtained from urine; as, uric acid.
Urim	A part or decoration of the breastplate of the high priest among the ancient Jews, by which Jehovah revealed his will on certain occasions. Its nature has been the subject of conflicting conjectures.
Urinal	A vessel for holding urine; especially, a bottle or tube for holding urine for inspection.
Urinal	A place or convenience for urinating purposes.
Urinarium	A reservoir for urine, etc., for manure.
Urinary	Of or pertaining to the urine; as, the urinary bladder; urinary excretions.
Urinary	Resembling, or being of the nature of, urine.
Urinary	A urinarium; also, a urinal.
Urinate	To discharge urine; to make water.
Urination	The act or process of voiding urine; micturition.
Urinative	Provoking the flow of urine; uretic; diuretic.
Urinator	One who dives under water in search of something, as for pearls; a diver.
Urine	In mammals, a fluid excretion from the kidneys; in birds and reptiles, a solid or semisolid excretion.
Urine	To urinate.
Uriniferous	Bearing or conveying urine; as, uriniferous tubules.
Uriniparous	Producing or preparing urine; as, the uriniparous tubes in the cortical portion of the kidney.
Urinogenital	Pertaining to the urinary and genital organs; genitourinary; urogenital; as, the urinogenital canal.
Urinometer	A small hydrometer for determining the specific gravity of urine.
Urinometry	The estimation of the specific gravity of urine by the urinometer.
Urinose	Alt. of Urinous
Urinous	Of or pertaining to urine, or partaking of its qualities; having the character or odor of urine; similar to urine.
Urite	One of the segments of the abdomen or post-abdomen of arthropods.
Urith	The bindings of a hedge.
Urn	A vessel of various forms, usually a vase furnished with a foot or pedestal, employed for different purposes, as for holding liquids, for ornamental uses, for preserving the ashes of the dead after cremation, and anciently for holding lots to be drawn.
Urn	Fig.: Any place of burial; the grave.
Urn	A measure of capacity for liquids, containing about three gallons and a haft, wine measure. It was haft the amphora, and four times the congius.
Urn	A hollow body shaped like an urn, in which the spores of mosses are contained; a spore case; a theca.
Urn	A tea urn. See under Tea.
Urn	To inclose in, or as in, an urn; to inurn.
Urnal	Of or pertaining to an urn; effected by an urn or urns.
Urnfuls	of Urnful
Urnful	As much as an urn will hold; enough to fill an urn.
Urn-shaped	Having the shape of an urn; as, the urn-shaped capsules of some mosses.
Uro-	A combining form fr. Gr. o'y^ron, urine.
Uro-	A combining form from Gr. o'yra`, the tail, the caudal extremity.
Urobilin	A yellow pigment identical with hydrobilirubin, abundant in the highly colored urine of fever, and also present in normal urine. See Urochrome.
Urocele	A morbid swelling of the scrotum due to extravasation of urine into it.
Urocerata	A division of boring Hymenoptera, including Tremex and allied genera. See Illust. of Horntail.
Urochord	The central axis or cord in the tail of larval ascidians and of certain adult tunicates.
Urochorda	Same as Tunicata.
Urochordal	Of or pertaining to the Urochorda.
Urochrome	A yellow urinary pigment, considered by Thudichum as the only pigment present in normal urine. It is regarded by Maly as identical with urobilin.
Urochs	See Aurochs.
Urocord	See Urochord.
Urocyst	The urinary bladder.
Urodela	An order of amphibians having the tail well developed and often long. It comprises the salamanders, tritons, and allied animals.
Urodele	One of the Urodela.
Urodelian	Of or pertaining to the Urodela.
Urodelian	One of the Urodela.
Uroerythrin	A reddish urinary pigment, considered as the substance which gives to the urine of rheumatism its characteristic color. It also causes the red color often seen in deposits of urates.
Urogastric	Behind the stomach; -- said of two lobes of the carapace of certain crustaceans.
Urogenital	Same as Urinogenital.
Uroglaucin	A body identical with indigo blue, occasionally found in the urine in degeneration of the kidneys. It is readily formed by oxidation or decomposition of indican.
Urohaematin	Urinary haematin; -- applied to the normal coloring matter of the urine, on the supposition that it is formed either directly or indirectly (through bilirubin) from the haematin of the blood. See Urochrome, and Urobilin.
Urohyal	Of or pertaining to one or more median and posterior elements in the hyoidean arch of fishes.
Urohyal	A urohyal bone or cartilage.
Urology	See Uronology.
Uromere	Any one of the abdominal segments of an arthropod.
Uronology	That part of medicine which treats of urine.
Uropod	Any one of the abdominal appendages of a crustacean, especially one of the posterior ones, which are often larger than the rest, and different in structure, and are used chiefly in locomotion. See Illust. of Crustacea, and Stomapoda.
Uropodal	Of or pertaining to a uropod.
Uropoetic	Producing, or favoring the production of, urine.
Uropoetic	Of, pertaining to, or designating, a system of organs which eliminate nitrogenous waste matter from the blood of certain invertebrates.
Uropygial	Of or pertaining to the uropygium, or prominence at the base of the tail feathers, in birds.
Uropygium	The prominence at the posterior extremity of a bird's body, which supports the feathers of the tail; the rump; -- sometimes called pope's nose.
Urosacral	Of or pertaining to both the caudal and sacral parts of the vertebral column; as, the urosacral vertebrae of birds.
Uroscopy	The diagnosis of diseases by inspection of urine.
Urosome	The abdomen, or post-abdomen, of arthropods.
Urostege	One of the plates on the under side of the tail of a serpent.
Urostea	of Urosteon
Urosteons	of Urosteon
Urosteon	A median ossification back of the lophosteon in the sternum of some birds.
Urosternite	The sternal, or under piece, of any one of the uromeres of insects and other arthropods.
Urostyle	A styliform process forming the posterior extremity of the vertebral column in some fishes and amphibians.
Urox	The aurochs.
Uroxanate	A salt of uroxanic acid.
Uroxanic	Pertaining to, or designating, an acid, C5H8N4O6, which is obtained, as a white crystalline substance, by the slow oxidation of uric acid in alkaline solution.
Uroxanthin	Same as Indican.
Urrhodin	Indigo red, a product of the decomposition, or oxidation, of indican. It is sometimes found in the sediment of pathological urines. It is soluble in ether or alcohol, giving the solution a beautiful red color. Also called indigrubin.
Urry	A sort of blue or black clay lying near a vein of coal.
Ursa	Either one of the Bears. See the Phrases below.
Ursal	The ursine seal. See the Note under 1st Seal.
Ursiform	Having the shape of a bear.
Ursine	Of or pertaining to a bear; resembling a bear.
Urson	The Canada porcupine. See Porcupine.
Ursuk	The bearded seal.
Ursula	A beautiful North American butterfly (Basilarchia, / Limenitis, astyanax). Its wings are nearly black with red and blue spots and blotches. Called also red-spotted purple.
Ursuline	One of an order of nuns founded by St. Angela Merici, at Brescia, in Italy, about the year 1537, and so called from St. Ursula, under whose protection it was placed. The order was introduced into Canada as early as 1639, and into the United States in 1727. The members are devoted entirely to education.
Ursuline	Of or pertaining to St. Ursula, or the order of Ursulines; as, the Ursuline nuns.
Ursus	A genus of Carnivora including the common bears.
Urtica	A genus of plants including the common nettles. See Nettle, n.
Urticaceous	Of or pertaining to a natural order (Urticaceae) of plants, of which the nettle is the type. The order includes also the hop, the elm, the mulberry, the fig, and many other plants.
Urtical	Resembling nettles; -- said of several natural orders allied to urticaceous plants.
Urticaria	The nettle rash, a disease characterized by a transient eruption of red pimples and of wheals, accompanied with a burning or stinging sensation and with itching; uredo.
Urticated	of Urticate
Urticating	of Urticate
Urticate	To sting with, or as with, nettles; to irritate; to annoy.
Urtication	The act or process of whipping or stinging with nettles; -- sometimes used in the treatment of paralysis.
Urubu	The black vulture (Catharista atrata). It ranges from the Southern United States to South America. See Vulture.
Urus	A very large, powerful, and savage extinct bovine animal (Bos urus / primigenius) anciently abundant in Europe. It appears to have still existed in the time of Julius Caesar. It had very large horns, and was hardly capable of domestication. Called also, ur, ure, and tur.
Urva	The crab-eating ichneumon (Herpestes urva), native of India. The fur is black, annulated with white at the tip of each hair, and a white streak extends from the mouth to the shoulder.
Us	The persons speaking, regarded as an object; ourselves; -- the objective case of we. See We.
Usable	Capable of being used.
Usage	The act of using; mode of using or treating; treatment; conduct with respect to a person or a thing; as, good usage; ill usage; hard usage.
Usage	Manners; conduct; behavior.
Usage	Long-continued practice; customary mode of procedure; custom; habitual use; method.
Usage	Customary use or employment, as of a word or phrase in a particular sense or signification.
Usage	Experience.
Usager	One who has the use of anything in trust for another.
Usance	Use; usage; employment.
Usance	Custom; practice; usage.
Usance	Interest paid for money; usury.
Usance	The time, fixed variously by the usage between different countries, when a bill of exchange is payable; as, a bill drawn on London at one usance, or at double usance.
Usant	Using; accustomed.
Usbegs	Alt. of Usbeks
Usbeks	A Turkish tribe which about the close of the 15th century conquered, and settled in, that part of Asia now called Turkestan.
Use	The act of employing anything, or of applying it to one's service; the state of being so employed or applied; application; employment; conversion to some purpose; as, the use of a pen in writing; his machines are in general use.
Use	Occasion or need to employ; necessity; as, to have no further use for a book.
Use	Yielding of service; advantage derived; capability of being used; usefulness; utility.
Use	Continued or repeated practice; customary employment; usage; custom; manner; habit.
Use	Common occurrence; ordinary experience.
Use	The special form of ritual adopted for use in any diocese; as, the Sarum, or Canterbury, use; the Hereford use; the York use; the Roman use; etc.
Use	The premium paid for the possession and employment of borrowed money; interest; usury.
Use	The benefit or profit of lands and tenements. Use imports a trust and confidence reposed in a man for the holding of lands. He to whose use or benefit the trust is intended shall enjoy the profits. An estate is granted and limited to A for the use of B.
Use	A stab of iron welded to the side of a forging, as a shaft, near the end, and afterward drawn down, by hammering, so as to lengthen the forging.
Used	of Use
Using	of Use
Use	To make use of; to convert to one's service; to avail one's self of; to employ; to put a purpose; as, to use a plow; to use a chair; to use time; to use flour for food; to use water for irrigation.
Use	To behave toward; to act with regard to; to treat; as, to use a beast cruelly.
Use	To practice customarily; to make a practice of; as, to use diligence in business.
Use	To accustom; to habituate; to render familiar by practice; to inure; -- employed chiefly in the passive participle; as, men used to cold and hunger; soldiers used to hardships and danger.
Use	To be wont or accustomed; to be in the habit or practice; as, he used to ride daily; -- now disused in the present tense, perhaps because of the similarity in sound, between "use to," and "used to."
Use	To be accustomed to go; to frequent; to inhabit; to dwell; -- sometimes followed by of.
Useful	Full of use, advantage, or profit; producing, or having power to produce, good; serviceable for any end or object; helpful toward advancing any purpose; beneficial; profitable; advantageous; as, vessels and instruments useful in a family; books useful for improvement; useful knowledge; useful arts.
Usefully	In a useful manner.
Usefulness	The quality or state of being useful; utility; serviceableness; advantage.
Useless	Having, or being of, no use; unserviceable; producing no good end; answering no valuable purpose; not advancing the end proposed; unprofitable; ineffectual; as, a useless garment; useless pity.
User	One who uses.
User	Enjoyment of property; use.
Usher	An officer or servant who has the care of the door of a court, hall, chamber, or the like; hence, an officer whose business it is to introduce strangers, or to walk before a person of rank. Also, one who escorts persons to seats in a church, theater, etc.
Usher	An under teacher, or assistant master, in a school.
Ushered	of Usher
Ushering	of Usher
Usher	To introduce or escort, as an usher, forerunner, or harbinger; to forerun; -- sometimes followed by in or forth; as, to usher in a stranger; to usher forth the guests; to usher a visitor into the room.
Usherance	The act of ushering, or the state of being ushered in.
Usherdom	The office or position of an usher; ushership; also, ushers, collectively.
Usherless	Destitute of an usher.
Ushership	The office of an usher; usherdom.
Usitative	Denoting usual or customary action.
Usnea	A genus of lichens, most of the species of which have long, gray, pendulous, and finely branched fronds. Usnea barbata is the common bearded lichen which grows on branches of trees in northern forests.
Usnic	Pertaining to, or designating, a complex acid obtained, as a yellow crystalline substance, from certain genera of lichens  (Usnea, Parmelia, etc.).
Usquebaugh	A compound distilled spirit made in Ireland and Scotland; whisky.
Usquebaugh	A liquor compounded of brandy, or other strong spirit, raisins, cinnamon and other spices.
Usself	Ourselves.
Ustion	The act of burning, or the state of being burned.
Ustorious	Having the quality of burning.
Ustulate	Blackened as if burned.
Ustulation	The act of burning or searing.
Ustulation	The operation of expelling one substance from another by heat, as sulphur or arsenic from ores, in a muffle.
Ustulation	The roasting or drying of moist substances so as prepare them for pulverizing.
Ustulation	The burning of wine.
Ustulation	Lascivious passion; concupiscence.
Usual	Such as is in common use; such as occurs in ordinary practice, or in the ordinary course of events; customary; ordinary; habitual; common.
Usucaption	The acquisition of the title or right to property by the uninterrupted possession of it for a certain term prescribed by law; -- the same as prescription in common law.
Usufruct	The right of using and enjoying the profits of an estate or other thing belonging to another, without impairing the substance.
Usufructuary	A person who has the use of property and reaps the profits of it.
Usufructuary	Of or pertaining to a usufruct; having the nature of a usufruct.
Usurarious	Alt. of Usurary
Usurary	Usurious.
Usured	of Usure
Usuring	of Usure
Usure	To practice usury; to charge unlawful interest.
Usure	Usury.
Usurer	One who lends money and takes interest for it; a money lender.
Usurer	One who lends money at a rate of interest beyond that established by law; one who exacts an exorbitant rate of interest for the use of money.
Usurious	Practicing usury; taking illegal or exorbitant interest for the use of money; as, a usurious person.
Usurious	Partaking of usury; containing or involving usury; as, a usurious contract.
Usurped	of Usurp
Usurping	of Usurp
Usurp	To seize, and hold in possession, by force, or without right; as, to usurp a throne; to usurp the prerogatives of the crown; to usurp power; to usurp the right of a patron is to oust or dispossess him.
Usurp	To commit forcible seizure of place, power, functions, or the like, without right; to commit unjust encroachments; to be, or act as, a usurper.
Usurpant	Usurping; encroaching.
Usurpation	The act of usurping, or of seizing and enjoying; an authorized, arbitrary assumption and exercise of power, especially an infringing on the rights of others; specifically, the illegal seizure of sovereign power; -- commonly used with of, also used with on or upon; as, the usurpation of a throne; the usurpation of the supreme power.
Usurpation	Use; usage; custom.
Usurpatory	Marked by usurpation; usurping.
Usurpature	Usurpation.
Usurper	One who usurps; especially, one who seizes illegally on sovereign power; as, the usurper of a throne, of power, or of the rights of a patron.
Usurpingly	In a usurping manner.
Usury	A premium or increase paid, or stipulated to be paid, for a loan, as of money; interest.
Usury	The practice of taking interest.
Usury	Interest in excess of a legal rate charged to a borrower for the use of money.
Ut	The first note in Guido's musical scale, now usually superseded by do. See Solmization.
Utas	The eighth day after any term or feast; the octave; as, the utas of St. Michael.
Utas	Hence, festivity; merriment.
Utensil	That which is used; an instrument; an implement; especially, an instrument or vessel used in a kitchen, or in domestic and farming business.
Uterine	Of or instrument to the uterus, or womb.
Uterine	Born of the same mother, but by a different father.
Uterogestation	Gestation in the womb from conception to birth; pregnancy.
Uterovaginal	Pertaining to both the uterus and the vagina.
Uterus	The organ of a female mammal in which the young are developed previous to birth; the womb.
Uterus	A receptacle, or pouch, connected with the oviducts of many invertebrates in which the eggs are retained until they hatch or until the embryos develop more or less. See Illust. of Hermaphrodite in Append.
Utes	An extensive tribe of North American Indians of the Shoshone stock, inhabiting Colorado, Utah, New Mexico, Arizona, and adjacent regions. They are subdivided into several subordinate tribes, some of which are among the most degraded of North American Indians.
Utia	Any species of large West Indian rodents of the genus Capromys, or Utia. In general appearance and habits they resemble rats, but they are as large as rabbits.
Utica	Of, pertaining to, or designating, a subdivision of the Trenton Period of the Lower Silurian, characterized in the State of New York by beds of shale.
Utile	Profitable; useful.
Utilitarian	Of or pertaining to utility; consisting in utility; /iming at utility as distinguished from beauty, ornament, etc.; sometimes, reproachfully, evincing, or characterized by, a regard for utility of a lower kind, or marked by a sordid spirit; as, utilitarian narrowness; a utilitarian indifference to art.
Utilitarian	Of or pertaining to utilitarianism; supporting utilitarianism; as, the utilitarian view of morality; the Utilitarian Society.
Utilitarian	One who holds the doctrine of utilitarianism.
Utilitarianism	The doctrine that the greatest happiness of the greatest number should be the end and aim of all social and political institutions.
Utilitarianism	The doctrine that virtue is founded in utility, or that virtue is defined and enforced by its tendency to promote the highest happiness of the universe.
Utilitarianism	The doctrine that utility is the sole standard of morality, so that the rectitude of an action is determined by its usefulness.
Utility	The quality or state of being useful; usefulness; production of good; profitableness to some valuable end; as, the utility of manure upon land; the utility of the sciences; the utility of medicines.
Utility	Adaptation to satisfy the desires or wants; intrinsic value. See Note under Value, 2.
Utility	Happiness; the greatest good, or happiness, of the greatest number, -- the foundation of utilitarianism.
Utilizable	Capable of being utilized; as, the utilizable products of the gas works.
Utilization	The act of utilizing, or the state of being utilized.
Utilized	of Utilize
Utilizing	of Utilize
Utilize	To make useful; to turn to profitable account or use; to make use of; as, to utilize the whole power of a machine; to utilize one's opportunities.
Uti possidetis	The basis or principle of a treaty which leaves belligerents mutually in possession of what they have acquired by their arms during the war.
Uti possidetis	A species of interdict granted to one who was in possession of an immovable thing, in order that he might be declared the legal possessor.
Utis	See Utas.
Utlary	Outlawry.
Utmost	Situated at the farthest point or extremity; farthest out; most distant; extreme; as, the utmost limits of the land; the utmost extent of human knowledge.
Utmost	Being in the greatest or highest degree, quantity, number, or the like; greatest; as, the utmost assiduity; the utmost harmony; the utmost misery or happiness.
Utmost	The most that can be; the farthest limit; the greatest power, degree, or effort; as, he has done his utmost; try your utmost.
Utopia	An imaginary island, represented by Sir Thomas More, in a work called Utopia, as enjoying the greatest perfection in politics, laws, and the like. See Utopia, in the Dictionary of Noted Names in Fiction.
Utopia	Hence, any place or state of ideal perfection.
Utopian	Of or pertaining to Utopia; resembling Utopia; hence, ideal; chimerical; fanciful; founded upon, or involving, imaginary perfections; as, Utopian projects; Utopian happiness.
Utopian	An inhabitant of Utopia; hence, one who believes in the perfectibility of human society; a visionary; an idealist; an optimist.
Utopianism	The ideas, views, aims, etc., of a Utopian; impracticable schemes of human perfection; optimism.
Utopianist	An Utopian; an optimist.
Utopical	Utopian; ideal.
Utopist	A Utopian.
Utraquist	One who receives the eucharist in both kinds; esp., one of a body of Hussites who in the 15th century fought for the right to do this. Called also Calixtines.
Utricle	A little sac or vesicle, as the air cell of fucus, or seaweed.
Utricle	A microscopic cell in the structure of an egg, animal, or plant.
Utricle	A small, thin-walled, one-seeded fruit, as of goosefoot.
Utricle	A utriculus.
Utricular	Of or pertaining to a utricle, or utriculus; containing, or furnished with, a utricle or utricles; utriculate; as, a utricular plant.
Utricular	Resembling a utricle or bag, whether large or minute; -- said especially with reference to the condition of certain substances, as sulphur, selenium, etc., when condensed from the vaporous state and deposited upon cold bodies, in which case they assume the form of small globules filled with liquid.
Utricularia	A genus of aquatic flowering plants, in which the submersed leaves bear many little utricles, or ascidia. See Ascidium,
Utriculate	Resembling a bladder; swollen like a bladder; inflated; utricular.
Utriculoid	Resembling a bladder; utricular; utriculate.
Utriculus	A little sac, or bag; a utricle; especially, a part of the membranous labyrinth of the ear. See the Note under Ear.
Utro	- (/). A combining form used in anatomy to indicate connection with, or relation to, the uterus; as in utro-ovarian.
Utter	Outer.
Utter	Situated on the outside, or extreme limit; remote from the center; outer.
Utter	Complete; perfect; total; entire; absolute; as, utter ruin; utter darkness.
Utter	Peremptory; unconditional; unqualified; final; as, an utter refusal or denial.
Uttered	of Utter
Uttering	of Utter
Utter	To put forth or out; to reach out.
Utter	To dispose of in trade; to sell or vend.
Utter	hence, to put in circulation, as money; to put off, as currency; to cause to pass in trade; -- often used, specifically, of the issue of counterfeit notes or coins, forged or fraudulent documents, and the like; as, to utter coin or bank notes.
Utter	To give public expression to; to disclose; to publish; to speak; to pronounce.
Utterable	Capable of being uttered.
Utterance	The act of uttering.
Utterance	Sale by offering to the public.
Utterance	Putting in circulation; as, the utterance of false coin, or of forged notes.
Utterance	Vocal expression; articulation; speech.
Utterance	Power or style of speaking; as, a good utterance.
Utterance	The last extremity; the end; death; outrance.
Utterer	One who utters.
Utterest	Uttermost.
Utterless	Incapable of being uttered.
Utterly	In an utter manner; to the full extent; fully; totally; as, utterly ruined; it is utterly vain.
Uttermore	Further; outer; utter.
Uttermost	Extreme; utmost; being; in the farthest, greatest, or highest degree; as, the uttermost extent or end.
Uttermost	The utmost; the highest or greatest degree; the farthest extent.
Utterness	The quality or state of being utter, or extreme; extremity; utmost; uttermost.
Uva	A small pulpy or juicy fruit containing several seeds and having a thin skin, as a grape.
Uvate	A conserve made of grapes.
Uva-ursi	The bearberry.
Uvea	The posterior pigmented layer of the iris; -- sometimes applied to the whole iris together with the choroid coat.
Uveous	Resembling a grape.
Uvic	Pertaining to, or obtained from, grapes; specifically, designating an organic acid, C7H8O3 (also called pyrotritartaric acid), obtained as a white crystalline substance by the decomposition of tartaric and pyrotartaric acids.
Uvitic	Pertaining to, or designating, an acid, CH3C6H3(CO2H)2, obtained as a white crystalline substance by the partial oxidation of mesitylene; -- called also mesitic acid.
Uvitonic	Pertaining to, or designating, an acid which is obtained as a white crystalline substance by the action of ammonia on pyrotartaric acid.
Uvrou	See Euphroe.
Uvula	The pendent fleshy lobe in the middle of the posterior border of the soft palate.
Uvular	Of or pertaining to a uvula.
Uvulatome	An instrument for removing the uvula.
Uvulatomy	The operation of removing the uvula.
Uwarowite	Ouvarovite.
Uxorial	Dotingly fond of, or servilely submissive to, a wife; uxorious; also, becoming a wife; pertaining to a wife.
Uxoricidal	Of or pertaining to uxoricide; tending to uxoricide.
Uxoricide	The murder of a wife by her husband.
Uxoricide	One who murders his wife.
Uxorious	Excessively fond of, or submissive to, a wife; being a dependent husband.
Uzema	A Burman measure of twelve miles.
