V	V, the twenty-second letter of the English alphabet, is a vocal consonant. V and U are only varieties of the same character, U being the cursive form, while V is better adapted for engraving, as in stone. The two letters were formerly used indiscriminately, and till a comparatively recent date words containing them were often classed together in dictionaries and other books of reference (see U). The letter V is from the Latin alphabet, where it was used both as a consonant (about like English w) and as a vowel. The Latin derives it from it from a form (V) of the Greek vowel / (see Y), this Greek letter being either from the same Semitic letter as the digamma F (see F), or else added by the Greeks to the alphabet which they took from the Semitic. Etymologically v is most nearly related to u, w, f, b, p; as in vine, wine; avoirdupois, habit, have; safe, save; trover, troubadour, trope. See U, F, etc.
V	As a numeral, V stands for five, in English and Latin.
Vaagmer	The dealfish.
Vacancies	of Vacancy
Vacancy	The quality or state of being vacant; emptiness; hence, freedom from employment; intermission; leisure; idleness; listlessness.
Vacancy	That which is vacant.
Vacancy	Empty space; vacuity; vacuum.
Vacancy	An open or unoccupied space between bodies or things; an interruption of continuity; chasm; gap; as, a vacancy between buildings; a vacancy between sentences or thoughts.
Vacancy	Unemployed time; interval of leisure; time of intermission; vacation.
Vacancy	A place or post unfilled; an unoccupied office; as, a vacancy in the senate, in a school, etc.
Vacant	Deprived of contents; not filled; empty; as, a vacant room.
Vacant	Unengaged with business or care; unemployed; unoccupied; disengaged; free; as, vacant hours.
Vacant	Not filled or occupied by an incumbent, possessor, or officer; as, a vacant throne; a vacant parish.
Vacant	Empty of thought; thoughtless; not occupied with study or reflection; as, a vacant mind.
Vacant	Abandoned; having no heir, possessor, claimant, or occupier; as, a vacant estate.
Vacantly	In a vacant manner; inanely.
Vacated	of Vacate
Vacating	of Vacate
Vacate	To make vacant; to leave empty; to cease from filling or occupying; as, it was resolved by Parliament that James had vacated the throne of England; the tenant vacated the house.
Vacate	To annul; to make void; to deprive of force; to make of no authority or validity; as, to vacate a commission or a charter; to vacate proceedings in a cause.
Vacate	To defeat; to put an end to.
Vacation	The act of vacating; a making void or of no force; as, the vacation of an office or a charter.
Vacation	Intermission of a stated employment, procedure, or office; a period of intermission; rest; leisure.
Vacation	Intermission of judicial proceedings; the space of time between the end of one term and the beginning of the next; nonterm; recess.
Vacation	The intermission of the regular studies and exercises of an educational institution between terms; holidays; as, the spring vacation.
Vacation	The time when an office is vacant; esp. (Eccl.), the time when a see, or other spiritual dignity, is vacant.
Vaccary	A cow house, dairy house, or cow pasture.
Vaccina	Vaccinia.
Vaccinal	Of or pertaining to vaccinia or vaccination.
Vaccinated	of Vaccinate
Vaccinating	of Vaccinate
Vaccinate	To inoculate with the cowpox by means of a virus, called vaccine, taken either directly or indirectly from cows.
Vaccination	The act, art, or practice of vaccinating, or inoculating with the cowpox, in order to prevent or mitigate an attack of smallpox.  Cf. Inoculation.
Vaccinator	One who, or that which, vaccinates.
Vaccine	Of or pertaining to cows; pertaining to, derived from, or caused by, vaccinia; as, vaccine virus; the vaccine disease.
Vaccine	The virus of vaccinia used in vaccination.
Vaccine	any preparation used to render an organism immune to some disease, by inducing or increasing the natural immunity mechanisms.  Prior to 1995, such preparations usually contained killed organisms of the type for which immunity was desired, and sometimes used live organisms having attenuated virulence.  since that date, preparations containing only specific antigenic portions of the pathogenic organism are also used, some of which are prepared by genetic engineering techniques.
Vaccinia	Cowpox; vaccina. See Cowpox.
Vaccinist	A vaccinator.
Vaccinium	A genus of ericaceous shrubs including the various kinds of blueberries and the true cranberries.
Vacher	A keeper of stock or cattle; a herdsman.
Vachery	An inclosure for cows.
Vachery	A dairy.
Vacillancy	The quality or state of being vacillant, or wavering.
Vacillant	Vacillating; wavering; fluctuating; irresolute.
Vacillated	of Vacillate
Vacillating	of Vacillate
Vacillate	To move one way and the other; to reel or stagger; to waver.
Vacillate	To fluctuate in mind or opinion; to be unsteady or inconstant; to waver.
Vacillating	Inclined to fluctuate; wavering.
Vacillation	The act of vacillating; a moving one way and the other; a wavering.
Vacillatory	Inclined to vacillate; wavering; irresolute.
Vacuate	To make void, or empty.
Vacuation	The act of emptying; evacuation.
Vacuist	One who holds the doctrine that the space between the bodies of the universe, or the molecules and atoms of matter., is a vacuum; -- opposed to plenist.
Vacuity	The quality or state of being vacuous, or not filled; emptiness; vacancy; as, vacuity of mind; vacuity of countenance.
Vacuity	Space unfilled or unoccupied, or occupied with an invisible fluid only; emptiness; void; vacuum.
Vacuity	Want of reality; inanity; nihility.
Vacuna	The goddess of rural leisure, to whom the husbandmen sacrificed at the close of the harvest. She was especially honored by the Sabines.
Vacuolated	Full of vacuoles, or small air cavities; as, vacuolated cells.
Vacuolation	Formation into, or multiplication of, vacuoles.
Vacuole	A small air cell, or globular space, in the interior of organic cells, either containing air, or a pellucid watery liquid, or some special chemical secretions of the cell protoplasm.
Vacuous	Empty; unfilled; void; vacant.
Vacuousness	The quality or state of being vacuous; emptiness; vacuity.
Vacuums	of Vacuum
Vacua	of Vacuum
Vacuum	A space entirely devoid of matter (called also, by way of distinction, absolute vacuum); hence, in a more general sense, a space, as the interior of a closed vessel, which has been exhausted to a high or the highest degree by an air pump or other artificial means; as, water boils at a reduced temperature in a vacuum.
Vacuum	The condition of rarefaction, or reduction of pressure below that of the atmosphere, in a vessel, as the condenser of a steam engine, which is nearly exhausted of air or steam, etc.; as, a vacuum of 26 inches of mercury, or 13 pounds per square inch.
Vadantes	An extensive artificial group of birds including the wading, swimming, and cursorial birds.
Vade	To fade; hence, to vanish.
Vade mecum	A book or other thing that a person carries with him as a constant companion; a manual; a handbook.
Vadimony	A bond or pledge for appearance before a judge on a certain day.
Vadium	Pledge; security; bail. See Mortgage.
Vae	See Voe.
Vafrous	Crafty; cunning; sly; as, vafrous tricks.
Vagabond	Moving from place to place without a settled habitation; wandering.
Vagabond	Floating about without any certain direction; driven to and fro.
Vagabond	Being a vagabond; strolling and idle or vicious.
Vagabond	One who wanders from place to place, having no fixed dwelling, or not abiding in it, and usually without the means of honest livelihood; a vagrant; a tramp; hence, a worthless person; a rascal.
Vagabond	To play the vagabond; to wander like a vagabond; to stroll.
Vagabondage	The condition of a vagabond; a state or habit of wandering about in idleness; vagrancy.
Vagabondism	Vagabondage.
Vagabondize	To play the vagabond; to wander about in idleness.
Vagabondry	Vagabondage.
Vagal	Of or pertaining to the vagus, or pneumogastric nerves; pneumogastric.
Vagancy	A wandering; vagrancy.
Vagantes	A tribe of spiders, comprising some of those which take their prey in a web, but which also frequently run with agility, and chase and seize their prey.
Vagarious	Given to, or characterized by, vagaries; capricious; whimsical; crochety.
Vagaries	of Vagary
Vagary	A wandering or strolling.
Vagary	Hence, a wandering of the thoughts; a wild or fanciful freak; a whim; a whimsical purpose.
Vagient	Crying like a child.
Vaginae	of Vagina
Vagina	A sheath; a theca; as, the vagina of the portal vein.
Vagina	Specifically, the canal which leads from the uterus to the external orifice if the genital canal, or to the cloaca.
Vagina	The terminal part of the oviduct in insects and various other invertebrates. See Illust., of Spermatheca.
Vagina	The basal expansion of certain leaves, which inwraps the stem; a sheath.
Vagina	The shaft of a terminus, from which the bust of figure seems to issue or arise.
Vaginal	Of or pertaining to a vagina; resembling a vagina, or sheath; thecal; as, a vaginal synovial membrane; the vaginal process of the temporal bone.
Vaginal	Of or pertaining to the vagina of the genital canal; as, the vaginal artery.
Vaginant	Serving to in invest, or sheathe; sheathing.
Vaginate	Alt. of Vaginated
Vaginated	Invested with, or as if with, a sheath; as, a vaginate stem, or one invested by the tubular base of a leaf.
Vaginati	A tribe of birds comprising the sheathbills.
Vaginervose	Having the nerves, or veins, placed in apparent disorder.
Vaginicola	A genus of Infusoria which form minute vaselike or tubular cases in which they dwell.
Vaginismus	A painful spasmodic contraction of the vagina, often rendering copulation impossible.
Vaginitis	Inflammation of the vagina, or the genital canal, usually of its mucous living membrane.
Vaginopennous	Having elytra; sheath-winged.
Vaginula	A little sheath, as that about the base of the pedicel of most mosses.
Vaginula	One of the tubular florets in composite flowers.
Vaginule	A vaginula.
Vagissate	To caper or frolic.
Vagous	Wandering; unsettled.
Vagrancy	The quality or state of being a vagrant; a wandering without a settled home; an unsettled condition; vagabondism.
Vagrant	Moving without certain direction; wandering; erratic; unsettled.
Vagrant	Wandering from place to place without any settled habitation; as, a vagrant beggar.
Vagrant	One who strolls from place to place; one who has no settled habitation; an idle wanderer; a sturdy beggar; an incorrigible rogue; a vagabond.
Vagrantly	In a vagrant manner.
Vagrantness	State of being vagrant; vagrancy.
Vague	Wandering; vagrant; vagabond.
Vague	Unsettled; unfixed; undetermined; indefinite; ambiguous; as, a vague idea; a vague proposition.
Vague	Proceeding from no known authority; unauthenticated; uncertain; flying; as, a vague report.
Vague	An indefinite expanse.
Vague	To wander; to roam; to stray.
Vague	A wandering; a vagary.
Vaguely	In a vague manner.
Vagueness	The quality or state of being vague.
Vagus	Wandering; -- applied especially to the pneumogastric nerve.
Vagus	The vagus, ore pneumogastric, nerve.
Vail	Same as Veil.
Vail	Avails; profit; return; proceeds.
Vail	An unexpected gain or acquisition; a casual advantage or benefit; a windfall.
Vail	Money given to servants by visitors; a gratuity; -- usually in the plural.
Vail	To let fail; to allow or cause to sink.
Vail	To lower, or take off, in token of inferiority, reverence, submission, or the like.
Vail	To yield or recede; to give place; to show respect by yielding, uncovering, or the like.
Vail	Submission; decline; descent.
Vailer	One who vails.
Vaimure	An outer, or exterior. wall. See Vauntmure.
Vain	Having no real substance, value, or importance; empty; void; worthless; unsatisfying.
Vain	Destitute of forge or efficacy; effecting no purpose; fruitless; ineffectual; as, vain toil; a vain attempt.
Vain	Proud of petty things, or of trifling attainments; having a high opinion of one's own accomplishments with slight reason; conceited; puffed up; inflated.
Vain	Showy; ostentatious.
Vain	Vanity; emptiness; -- now used only in the phrase in vain.
Vainglorious	Feeling or indicating vainglory; elated by vanity; boastful.
Vainglory	Excessive vanity excited by one's own performances; empty pride; undue elation of mind; vain show; boastfulness.
Vainly	In a vain manner; in vain.
Vainness	The quality or state of being vain.
Vair	The skin of the squirrel, much used in the fourteenth century as fur for garments, and frequently mentioned by writers of that period in describing the costly dresses of kings, nobles, and prelates. It is represented in heraldry by a series of small shields placed close together, and alternately white and blue.
Vairy	Charged with vair; variegated with shield-shaped figures. See Vair.
Vaishnava	A worshiper of the god Vishnu in any of his incarnations.
Vaishnavism	The worship of Vishnu.
Vaisya	The third of the four great original castes among the Hindus, now either extinct or partially represented by the mercantile class of Banyas. See the Note under Caste, 1.
Vaivode	See Waywode.
Vakeel	A native attorney or agent; also, an ambassador.
Valance	Hanging drapery for a bed, couch, window, or the like, especially that which hangs around a bedstead, from the bed to the floor.
Valance	The drooping edging of the lid of a trunk. which covers the joint when the lid is closed.
Valanced	of Valance
Valancing	of Valance
Valance	To furnish with a valance; to decorate with hangings or drapery.
Vale	A tract of low ground, or of land between hills; a valley.
Vale	See 2d Vail, 3.
Valediction	A farewell; a bidding farewell.
Valedictorian	One who pronounces a valedictory address; especially, in American colleges, the student who pronounces the valedictory of the graduating class at the annual commencement, usually the student who ranks first in scholarship.
Valedictory	Bidding farewell; suitable or designed for an occasion of leave-taking; as, a valedictory oration.
Valedictories	of Valedictory
Valedictory	A valedictory oration or address spoken at commencement in American colleges or seminaries by one of the graduating class, usually by the leading scholar.
Valence	The degree of combining power of an atom (or radical) as shown by the number of atoms of hydrogen (or of other monads, as chlorine, sodium, etc.) with which it will combine, or for which it can be substituted, or with which it can be compared; thus, an atom of hydrogen is a monad, and has a valence of one; the atoms of oxygen, nitrogen, and carbon are respectively dyads, triads, and tetrads, and have a valence respectively of two, three, and four.
Valencia	A kind of woven fabric for waistcoats, having the weft of wool and the warp of silk or cotton.
Valenciennes lace	A rich kind of lace made at Valenciennes, in France. Each piece is made throughout, ground and pattern, by the same person and with the same thread, the pattern being worked in the net.
Valencies	of Valency
Valency	See Valence.
Valency	A unit of combining power; a so-called bond of affinity.
Valentia	See Valencia.
Valentine	A sweetheart chosen on St. Valentine's Day.
Valentine	A letter containing professions of love, or a missive of a sentimental, comic, or burlesque character, sent on St. Valentine's Day.
Valentinian	One of a school of Judaizing Gnostics in the second century; -- so called from Valentinus, the founder.
Valeramide	The acid amide derivative of valeric acid, obtained as a white crystalline substance.
Valerate	A salt of valeric acid.
Valerian	Any plant of the genus Valeriana. The root of the officinal valerian (V. officinalis) has a strong smell, and is much used in medicine as an antispasmodic.
Valerianaceous	Of, pertaining to, or resembling, plants of a natural order (Valerianaccae) of which the valerian is the type. The order includes also the corn salads and the oriental spikenard.
Valerianate	A valerate.
Valerianic	Performance to, or obtained from, valerian root; specifically, designating an acid which is usually called valeric acid.
Valeric	Valerianic; specifically, designating any one of three metameric acids, of which the typical one (called also inactive valeric acid), C4H9CO2H, is obtained from valerian root and other sources, as a corrosive, mobile, oily liquid, having a strong acid taste, and an odor of old cheese.
Valeridine	A base, C10H19N, produced by heating valeric aldehyde with ammonia. It is probably related to the conine alkaloids.
Valerin	A salt of valeric acid with glycerin, occurring in butter, dolphin oil., and forming an forming an oily liquid with a slightly unpleasant odor.
Valeritrine	A base, C15H27N, produced together with valeridine, which it resembles.
Valero-	A combining form (also used adjectively) indicating derivation from, or relation to, valerian or some of its products, as valeric acid; as in valerolactone, a colorless oily liquid produced as the anhydride of an hydroxy valeric acid.
Valerone	A ketone of valeric acid obtained as an oily liquid.
Valeryl	The hypothetical radical C5H9O, regarded as the essential nucleus of certain valeric acid derivatives.
Valerylene	A liquid hydrocarbon, C5H8; -- called also pentine.
Valet	A male waiting servant; a servant who attends on gentleman's person; a body servant.
Valet	A kind of goad or stick with a point of iron.
Valetudinarian	Of infirm health; seeking to recover health; sickly; weakly; infirm.
Valetudinarian	A person of a weak or sickly constitution; one who is seeking to recover health.
Valetudinarianism	The condition of a valetudinarian; a state of feeble health; infirmity.
Valetudinary	Infirm; sickly; valetudinarian.
Valetudinary	A valetudinarian.
Valetudinous	Valetudinarian.
Valhalla	The palace of immortality, inhabited by the souls of heroes slain in battle.
Valhalla	Fig.: A hall or temple adorned with statues and memorials of a nation's heroes; specifically, the Pantheon near Ratisbon, in Bavaria, consecrated to the illustrious dead of all Germany.
Valiance	Alt. of Valiancy
Valiancy	The quality or state of being valiant; bravery; valor.
Valiant	Vigorous in body; strong; powerful; as, a valiant fencer.
Valiant	Intrepid in danger; courageous; brave.
Valiant	Performed with valor or bravery; heroic.
Valid	Strong; powerful; efficient.
Valid	Having sufficient strength or force; founded in truth; capable of being justified, defended, or supported; not weak or defective; sound; good; efficacious; as, a valid argument; a valid objection.
Valid	Having legal strength or force; executed with the proper formalities; incapable of being rightfully overthrown or set aside; as, a valid deed; a valid covenant; a valid instrument of any kind; a valid claim or title; a valid marriage.
Validate	To confirm; to render valid; to give legal force to.
Validation	The act of giving validity.
Validity	The quality or state of being valid; strength; force; especially, power to convince; justness; soundness; as, the validity of an argument or proof; the validity of an objection.
Validity	Legal strength, force, or authority; that quality of a thing which renders it supportable in law, or equity; as, the validity of a will; the validity of a contract, claim, or title.
Validity	Value.
Validly	In a valid manner; so as to be valid.
Validness	The quality or state of being valid.
Valinch	A tube for drawing liquors from a cask by the bunghole.
Valise	A small sack or case, usually of leather, but sometimes of other material, for containing the clothes, toilet articles, etc., of a traveler; a traveling bag; a portmanteau.
Valkyria	One of the maidens of Odin, represented as awful and beautiful, who presided over battle and marked out those who were to be slain, and who also ministered at the feasts of heroes in Valhalla.
Valkyrian	Of or pertaining to the Valkyrias; hence, relating to battle.
Vallancy	A large wig that shades the face.
Vallar	Of or pertaining to a rampart.
Vallar	A vallar crown.
Vallary	Same as Vallar.
Vallation	A rampart or intrenchment.
Vallatory	Of or pertaining to a vallation; used for a vallation; as, vallatory reads.
Valleculae	of Vallecula
Vallecula	A groove; a fossa; as, the vallecula, or fossa, which separates the hemispheres of the cerebellum.
Vallecula	One of the grooves, or hollows, between the ribs of the fruit of umbelliferous plants.
Vallet's pills	Pills containing sulphate of iron and carbonate of sodium, mixed with saccharine matter; -- called also Vallet's mass.
Valleys	of Valley
Valley	The space inclosed between ranges of hills or mountains; the strip of land at the bottom of the depressions intersecting a country, including usually the bed of a stream, with frequently broad alluvial plains on one or both sides of the stream. Also used figuratively.
Valley	The place of meeting of two slopes of a roof, which have their plates running in different directions, and form on the plan a reentrant angle.
Valley	The depression formed by the meeting of two slopes on a flat roof.
Valla	of Vallum
Vallums	of Vallum
Vallum	A rampart; a wall, as in a fortification.
Valonia	The acorn cup of two kinds of oak (Quercus macrolepis, and Q. vallonea) found in Eastern Europe. It contains abundance of tannin, and is much used by tanners and dyers.
Valonia	A genus of marine green algae, in which the whole frond consists of a single oval or cylindrical cell, often an inch in length.
Valor	Value; worth.
Valor	Strength of mind in regard to danger; that quality which enables a man to encounter danger with firmness; personal bravery; courage; prowess; intrepidity.
Valor	A brave man; a man of valor.
Valorous	Possessing or exhibiting valor; brave; courageous; valiant; intrepid.
Valsalvian	Of or pertaining to Valsalva, an Italian anatomist of the 17th century.
Valuable	Having value or worth; possessing qualities which are useful and esteemed; precious; costly; as, a valuable horse; valuable land; a valuable cargo.
Valuable	Worthy; estimable; deserving esteem; as, a valuable friend; a valuable companion.
Valuable	A precious possession; a thing of value, especially a small thing, as an article of jewelry; -- used mostly in the plural.
Valuableness	The quality of being valuable.
Valuably	So as to be of value.
Valuation	The act of valuing, or of estimating value or worth; the act of setting a price; estimation; appraisement; as, a valuation of lands for the purpose of taxation.
Valuation	Value set upon a thing; estimated value or worth; as, the goods sold for more than their valuation.
Valuator	One who assesses, or sets a value on, anything; an appraiser.
Value	The property or aggregate properties of a thing by which it is rendered useful or desirable, or the degree of such property or sum of properties; worth; excellence; utility; importance.
Value	Worth estimated by any standard of purchasing power, especially by the market price, or the amount of money agreed upon as an equivalent to the utility and cost of anything.
Value	Precise signification; import; as, the value of a word; the value of a legal instrument
Value	Esteem; regard.
Value	The relative length or duration of a tone or note, answering to quantity in prosody; thus, a quarter note [/] has the value of two eighth notes [/].
Value	In an artistical composition, the character of any one part in its relation to other parts and to the whole; -- often used in the plural; as, the values are well given, or well maintained.
Value	Valor.
Valued	of Value
Valuing	of Value
Value	To estimate the value, or worth, of; to rate at a certain price; to appraise; to reckon with respect to number, power, importance, etc.
Value	To rate highly; to have in high esteem; to hold in respect and estimation; to appreciate; to prize; as, to value one for his works or his virtues.
Value	To raise to estimation; to cause to have value, either real or apparent; to enhance in value.
Value	To be worth; to be equal to in value.
Valued	Highly regarded; esteemed; prized; as, a valued contributor; a valued friend.
Valueless	Being of no value; having no worth.
Valuer	One who values; an appraiser.
Valure	Value.
Valvasor	See Vavasor.
Valvata	A genus of small spiral fresh-water gastropods having an operculum.
Valvate	Resembling, or serving as, a valve; consisting of, or opening by, a valve or valves; valvular.
Valvate	Meeting at the edges without overlapping; -- said of the sepals or the petals of flowers in aestivation, and of leaves in vernation.
Valvate	Opening as if by doors or valves, as most kinds of capsules and some anthers.
Valve	A door; especially, one of a pair of folding doors, or one of the leaves of such a door.
Valve	A lid, plug, or cover, applied to an aperture so that by its movement, as by swinging, lifting and falling, sliding, turning, or the like, it will open or close the aperture to permit or prevent passage, as of a fluid.
Valve	One or more membranous partitions, flaps, or folds, which permit the passage of the contents of a vessel or cavity in one direction, but stop or retard the flow in the opposite direction; as, the ileocolic, mitral, and semilunar valves.
Valve	One of the pieces into which a capsule naturally separates when it bursts.
Valve	One of the two similar portions of the shell of a diatom.
Valve	A small portion of certain anthers, which opens like a trapdoor to allow the pollen to escape, as in the barberry.
Valve	One of the pieces or divisions of bivalve or multivalve shells.
Valved	Having a valve or valve; valvate.
Valvelet	A little valve; a valvule; especially, one of the pieces which compose the outer covering of a pericarp.
Valve-shell	Any fresh-water gastropod of the genus Valvata.
Valvulae	of Valvula
Valvula	A little valve or fold; a valvelet; a valvule.
Valvular	Of or pertaining to a valve or valves; specifically (Med.), of or pertaining to the valves of the heart; as, valvular disease.
Valvular	Containing valves; serving as a valve; opening by valves; valvate; as, a valvular capsule.
Valvule	A little valve; a valvelet.
Valvule	A small valvelike process.
Valylene	A volatile liquid hydrocarbon, C5H6, related to ethylene and acetylene, but possessing the property of unsaturation in the third degree. It is the only known member of a distinct series of compounds. It has a garlic odor.
Vambrace	The piece designed to protect the arm from the elbow to the wrist.
Vamose	To depart quickly; to depart from.
Vamp	To advance; to travel.
Vamp	The part of a boot or shoe above the sole and welt, and in front of the ankle seam; an upper.
Vamp	Any piece added to an old thing to give it a new appearance. See Vamp, v. t.
Vamped	of Vamp
Vamping	of Vamp
Vamp	To provide, as a shoe, with new upper leather; hence, to piece, as any old thing, with a new part; to repair; to patch; -- often followed by up.
Vamper	One who vamps; one who pieces an old thing with something new; a cobbler.
Vamper	To swagger; to make an ostentatious show.
Vampire	A blood-sucking ghost; a soul of a dead person superstitiously believed to come from the grave and wander about by night sucking the blood of persons asleep, thus causing their death. This superstition is now prevalent in parts of Eastern Europe, and was especially current in Hungary about the year 1730.
Vampire	Fig.: One who lives by preying on others; an extortioner; a bloodsucker.
Vampire	Either one of two or more species of South American blood-sucking bats belonging to the genera Desmodus and Diphylla. These bats are destitute of molar teeth, but have strong, sharp cutting incisors with which they make punctured wounds from which they suck the blood of horses, cattle, and other animals, as well as man, chiefly during sleep. They have a caecal appendage to the stomach, in which the blood with which they gorge themselves is stored.
Vampire	Any one of several species of harmless tropical American bats of the genus Vampyrus, especially V. spectrum.  These bats feed upon insects and fruit, but were formerly erroneously supposed to suck the blood of man and animals. Called also false vampire.
Vampirism	Belief in the existence of vampires.
Vampirism	The actions of a vampire; the practice of bloodsucking.
Vampirism	Fig.: The practice of extortion.
Vamplate	A round of iron on the shaft of a tilting spear, to protect the hand.
Vamure	See Vauntmure.
Van	The front of an army; the first line or leading column; also, the front line or foremost division of a fleet, either in sailing or in battle.
Van	A shovel used in cleansing ore.
Van	To wash or cleanse, as a small portion of ore, on a shovel.
Van	A light wagon, either covered or open, used by tradesmen and others fore the transportation of goods.
Van	A large covered wagon for moving furniture, etc., also for conveying wild beasts, etc., for exhibition.
Van	A close railway car for baggage. See the Note under Car, 2.
Van	A fan or other contrivance, as a sieve, for winnowing grain.
Van	A wing with which the air is beaten.
Van	To fan, or to cleanse by fanning; to winnow.
Vanadate	A salt of vanadic acid.
Vanadic	Pertaining to, or obtained from, vanadium; containing vanadium; specifically distinguished those compounds in which vanadium has a relatively higher valence as contrasted with the vanadious compounds; as, vanadic oxide.
Vanadinite	A mineral occurring in yellowish, and ruby-red hexagonal crystals. It consist of lead vanadate with a small proportion of lead chloride.
Vanadious	Pertaining to, or containing, vanadium; specifically, designating those compounds in which vanadium has a lower valence as contrasted with the vanadic compounds; as, vanadious acid.
Vanadite	A salt of vanadious acid, analogous to a nitrite or a phosphite.
Vanadium	A rare element of the nitrogen-phosphorus group, found combined, in vanadates, in certain minerals, and reduced as an infusible, grayish-white metallic powder. It is intermediate between the metals and the non-metals, having both basic and acid properties. Symbol V (or Vd, rarely). Atomic weight 51.2.
Vanadous	Of or pertaining to vanadium; obtained from vanadium; -- said of an acid containing one equivalent of vanadium and two of oxygen.
Vanadyl	The hypothetical radical VO, regarded as a characterized residue of certain vanadium compounds.
Van-courier	One sent in advance; an avant-courier; a precursor.
Vandal	One of a Teutonic race, formerly dwelling on the south shore of the Baltic, the most barbarous and fierce of the northern nations that plundered Rome in the 5th century, notorious for destroying the monuments of art and literature.
Vandal	Hence, one who willfully destroys or defaces any work of art or literature.
Vandal	Alt. of Vandalic
Vandalic	Of or pertaining to the Vandals; resembling the Vandals in barbarism and destructiveness.
Vandalism	The spirit or conduct of the Vandals; ferocious cruelty; hostility to the arts and literature, or willful destruction or defacement of their monuments.
Vandyke	Of or pertaining to the style of Vandyke the painter; used or represented by Vandyke.
Vandyke	A picture by Vandyke. Also, a Vandyke collar, or a Vandyke edge.
Vandyke	fit or furnish with a Vandyke; to form with points or scallops like a Vandyke.
Vane	A contrivance attached to some elevated object for the purpose of showing which way the wind blows; a weathercock. It is usually a plate or strip of metal, or slip of wood, often cut into some fanciful form, and placed upon a perpendicular axis around which it moves freely.
Vane	Any flat, extended surface attached to an axis and moved by the wind; as, the vane of a windmill; hence, a similar fixture of any form moved in or by water, air, or other fluid; as, the vane of a screw propeller, a fan blower, an anemometer, etc.
Vane	The rhachis and web of a feather taken together.
Vane	One of the sights of a compass, quadrant, etc.
Vanessa	Any one of numerous species of handsomely colored butterflies belonging to Vanessa and allied genera. Many of these species have the edges of the wings irregularly scalloped.
Vanessian	A vanessa.
Vanfess	A ditch on the outside of the counterscarp, usually full of water.
Vang	A rope to steady the peak of a gaff.
Vanglo	Benne (Sesamum orientale); also, its seeds; -- so called in the West Indies.
Vanguard	The troops who march in front of an army; the advance guard; the van.
Vanilla	A genus of climbing orchidaceous plants, natives of tropical America.
Vanilla	The long podlike capsules of Vanilla planifolia, and V. claviculata, remarkable for their delicate and agreeable odor, for the volatile, odoriferous oil extracted from them; also, the flavoring extract made from the capsules, extensively used in confectionery, perfumery, etc.
Vanillate	A salt of vanillic acid.
Vanillic	Pertaining to, or derived from, vanilla or vanillin; resembling vanillin; specifically, designating an alcohol and an acid respectively, vanillin being the intermediate aldehyde.
Vanillin	A white crystalline aldehyde having a burning taste and characteristic odor of vanilla. It is extracted from vanilla pods, and is also obtained by the decomposition of coniferin, and by the oxidation of eugenol.
Vanilloes	An inferior kind of vanilla, the pods of Vanilla Pompona.
Vanillyl	The hypothetical radical characteristic of vanillic alcohol.
Vaniloquence	Vain or foolish talk.
Vanished	of Vanish
Vanishing	of Vanish
Vanish	To pass from a visible to an invisible state; to go out of sight; to disappear; to fade; as, vapor vanishes from the sight by being dissipated; a ship vanishes from the sight of spectators on land.
Vanish	To be annihilated or lost; to pass away.
Vanish	The brief terminal part of vowel or vocal element, differing more or less in quality from the main part; as, a as in ale ordinarily ends with a vanish of i as in ill, o as in old with a vanish of oo as in foot.
Vanishing	a. & n. from Vanish, v.
Vanishment	A vanishing.
Vanities	of Vanity
Vanity	The quality or state of being vain; want of substance to satisfy desire; emptiness; unsubstantialness; unrealness; falsity.
Vanity	An inflation of mind upon slight grounds; empty pride inspired by an overweening conceit of one's personal attainments or decorations; an excessive desire for notice or approval; pride; ostentation; conceit.
Vanity	That which is vain; anything empty, visionary, unreal, or unsubstantial; fruitless desire or effort; trifling labor productive of no good; empty pleasure; vain pursuit; idle show; unsubstantial enjoyment.
Vanity	One of the established characters in the old moralities and puppet shows. See Morality, n., 5.
Vanjas	The Australian pied crow shrike (Strepera graculina). It is glossy bluish black, with the under tail coverts and the tips and bases of the tail feathers white.
Vanner	A machine for concentrating ore. See Frue vanner.
Vanner hawk	The kestrel.
Vanning	A process by which ores are washed on a shovel, or in a vanner.
Vanquished	of Vanquish
Vanquishing	of Vanquish
Vanquish	To conquer, overcome, or subdue in battle, as an enemy.
Vanquish	Hence, to defeat in any contest; to get the better of; to put down; to refute.
Vanquish	A disease in sheep, in which they pine away.
Vanquishable	That may be vanquished.
Vanquisher	One who, or that which, vanquishes.
Vanquishment	The act of vanquishing, or the state of being vanquished.
Vansire	An ichneumon (Herpestes galera) native of Southern Africa and Madagascar. It is reddish brown or dark brown, grizzled with white. Called also vondsira, and marsh ichneumon.
Vant	See Vaunt.
Vantage	superior or more favorable situation or opportunity; gain; profit; advantage.
Vantage	The first point after deuce.
Vantage	To profit; to aid.
Vantbrace	Alt. of Vantbrass
Vantbrass	Armor for the arm; vambrace.
Vant-courier	An avant-courier. See Van-courier.
Vanward	Being on, or towards, the van, or front.
Vap	That which is vapid, insipid, or lifeless; especially, the lifeless part of liquor or wine.
Vapid	Having lost its life and spirit; dead; spiritless; insipid; flat; dull; unanimated; as, vapid beer; a vapid speech; a vapid state of the blood.
Vapidity	The quality or state of being vapid; vapidness.
Vapor	Any substance in the gaseous, or aeriform, state, the condition of which is ordinarily that of a liquid or solid.
Vapor	In a loose and popular sense, any visible diffused substance floating in the atmosphere and impairing its transparency, as smoke, fog, etc.
Vapor	Wind; flatulence.
Vapor	Something unsubstantial, fleeting, or transitory; unreal fancy; vain imagination; idle talk; boasting.
Vapor	An old name for hypochondria, or melancholy; the blues.
Vapor	A medicinal agent designed for administration in the form of inhaled vapor.
Vapored	of Vapor
Vaporing	of Vapor
Vapor	To pass off in fumes, or as a moist, floating substance, whether visible or invisible, to steam; to be exhaled; to evaporate.
Vapor	To emit vapor or fumes.
Vapor	To talk idly; to boast or vaunt; to brag.
Vapor	To send off in vapor, or as if in vapor; as, to vapor away a heated fluid.
Vaporability	The quality or state of being vaporable.
Vaporable	Capable of being converted into vapor by the agency of heat; vaporizable.
Vaporate	To emit vapor; to evaporate.
Vaporation	The act or process of converting into vapor, or of passing off in vapor; evaporation.
Vapored	Wet with vapors; moist.
Vapored	Affected with the vapors. See Vapor, n., 5.
Vaporer	One who vapors; a braggart.
Vaporiferous	Conveying or producing vapor.
Vaporific	Producing vapor; tending to pass, or to cause to pass, into vapor; thus, volatile fluids are vaporific; heat is a vaporific agent.
Vaporiform	Existing in a vaporous form or state; as, steam is a vaporiform substance.
Vaporimeter	An instrument for measuring the volume or the tension of any vapor; specifically, an instrument of this sort used as an alcoholometer in testing spirituous liquors.
Vaporing	Talking idly; boasting; vaunting.
Vaporish	Full of vapors; vaporous.
Vaporish	Hypochondriacal; affected by hysterics; splenetic; peevish; humorsome.
Vaporizable	Capable of being vaporized into vapor.
Vaporization	The act or process of vaporizing, or the state of being converted into vapor; the artificial formation of vapor; specifically, the conversion of water into steam, as in a steam boiler.
Vaporized	of Vaporize
Vaporizing	of Vaporize
Vaporize	To convert into vapor, as by the application of heat, whether naturally or artificially.
Vaporize	To pass off in vapor.
Vaporizer	One who, or that which, vaporizes, or converts into vapor.
Vaporose	Full of vapor; vaporous.
Vaporous	Having the form or nature of vapor.
Vaporous	Full of vapors or exhalations.
Vaporous	Producing vapors; hence, windy; flatulent.
Vaporous	Unreal; unsubstantial; vain; whimsical.
Vaporousness	The quality of being vaporous.
Vapory	Full of vapors; vaporous.
Vapory	Hypochondriacal; splenetic; peevish.
Vapulation	The act of beating or whipping.
Vaquero	One who has charge of cattle, horses, etc.; a herdsman.
Vara	A Spanish measure of length equal to about one yard. The vara now in use equals 33.385 inches.
Varan	The monitor. See Monitor, 3.
Varangian	One of the Northmen who founded a dynasty in Russia in the 9th century; also, one of the Northmen composing, at a later date, the imperial bodyguard at Constantinople.
Varanus	A genus of very large lizards native of Asia and Africa. It includes the monitors. See Monitor, 3.
Vare	A wand or staff of authority or justice.
Vare	A weasel.
Varec	The calcined ashes of any coarse seaweed used for the manufacture of soda and iodine; also, the seaweed itself; fucus; wrack.
Vari	The ringtailed lemur (Lemur catta) of Madagascar. Its long tail is annulated with black and white.
Variability	The quality or state of being variable; variableness.
Variability	The power possessed by living organisms, both animal and vegetable, of adapting themselves to modifications or changes in their environment, thus possibly giving rise to ultimate variation of structure or function.
Variable	Having the capacity of varying or changing; capable of alternation in any manner; changeable; as, variable winds or seasons; a variable quantity.
Variable	Liable to vary; too susceptible of change; mutable; fickle; unsteady; inconstant; as, the affections of men are variable; passions are variable.
Variable	That which is variable; that which varies, or is subject to change.
Variable	A quantity which may increase or decrease; a quantity which admits of an infinite number of values in the same expression; a variable quantity; as, in the equation x2 - y2 = R2, x and y are variables.
Variable	A shifting wind, or one that varies in force.
Variable	Those parts of the sea where a steady wind is not expected, especially the parts between the trade-wind belts.
Variableness	The quality or state of being variable; variability.
Variably	In a variable manner.
Variance	The quality or state of being variant; change of condition; variation.
Variance	Difference that produce dispute or controversy; disagreement; dissension; discord; dispute; quarrel.
Variance	A disagreement or difference between two parts of the same legal proceeding, which, to be effectual, ought to agree, -- as between the writ and the declaration, or between the allegation and the proof.
Variant	Varying in from, character, or the like; variable; different; diverse.
Variant	Changeable; changing; fickle.
Variant	Something which differs in form from another thing, though really the same; as, a variant from a type in natural history; a variant of a story or a word.
Variate	To alter; to make different; to vary.
Variation	The act of varying; a partial change in the form, position, state, or qualities of a thing; modification; alternation; mutation; diversity; deviation; as, a variation of color in different lights; a variation in size; variation of language.
Variation	Extent to which a thing varies; amount of departure from a position or state; amount or rate of change.
Variation	Change of termination of words, as in declension, conjugation, derivation, etc.
Variation	Repetition of a theme or melody with fanciful embellishments or modifications, in time, tune, or harmony, or sometimes change of key; the presentation of a musical thought in new and varied aspects, yet so that the essential features of the original shall still preserve their identity.
Variation	One of the different arrangements which can be made of any number of quantities taking a certain number of them together.
Varicella	Chicken pox.
Varices	See Varix.
Variciform	Resembling a varix.
Varicocele	A varicose enlargement of the veins of the spermatic cord; also, a like enlargement of the veins of the scrotum.
Varicose	Irregularly swollen or enlarged; affected with, or containing, varices, or varicosities; of or pertaining to varices, or varicosities; as, a varicose nerve fiber; a varicose vein; varicose ulcers.
Varicose	Intended for the treatment of varicose veins; -- said of elastic stockings, bandages. and the like.
Varicosity	The quality or state of being varicose.
Varicosity	An enlargement or swelling in a vessel, fiber, or the like; a varix; as, the varicosities of nerve fibers.
Varicous	Varicose.
Varied	Changed; altered; various; diversified; as, a varied experience; varied interests; varied scenery.
Variegated	of Variegate
Variegating	of Variegate
Variegate	To diversify in external appearance; to mark with different colors; to dapple; to streak; as, to variegate a floor with marble of different colors.
Variegated	Having marks or patches of different colors; as, variegated leaves, or flowers.
Variegation	The act of variegating or diversifying, or the state of being diversified, by different colors; diversity of colors.
Varier	A wanderer; one who strays in search of variety.
Varietal	Of or pertaining to a variety; characterizing a variety; constituting a variety, in distinction from an individual or species.
Varietas	A variety; -- used in giving scientific names, and often abbreviated to var.
Varieties	of Variety
Variety	The quality or state of being various; intermixture or succession of different things; diversity; multifariousness.
Variety	That which is various.
Variety	A number or collection of different things; a varied assortment; as, a variety of cottons and silks.
Variety	Something varying or differing from others of the same general kind; one of a number of things that are akin; a sort; as, varieties of wood, land, rocks, etc.
Variety	An individual, or group of individuals, of a species differing from the rest in some one or more of the characteristics typical of the species, and capable either of perpetuating itself for a period, or of being perpetuated by artificial means; hence, a subdivision, or peculiar form, of a species.
Variety	In inorganic nature, one of those forms in which a species may occur, which differ in minor characteristics of structure, color, purity of composition, etc.
Variform	Having different shapes or forms.
Variformed	Formed with different shapes; having various forms; variform.
Varify	To make different; to vary; to variegate.
Variola	The smallpox.
Variolar	Variolous.
Variolation	Inoculation with smallpox.
Variolic	Variolous.
Variolite	A kind of diorite or diabase containing imbedded whitish spherules, which give the rock a spotted appearance.
Variolitic	Thickly marked with small, round specks; spotted.
Variolitic	Of, pertaining to, or resembling, variolite.
Varioloid	Resembling smallpox; pertaining to the disease called varioloid.
Varioloid	The smallpox as modified by previous inoculation or vaccination.
Variolous	Of or pertaining to the smallpox; having pits, or sunken impressions, like those of the smallpox; variolar; variolic.
Variorum	Containing notes by different persons; -- applied to a publication; as, a variorum edition of a book.
Various	Different; diverse; several; manifold; as, men of various names; various occupations; various colors.
Various	Changeable; uncertain; inconstant; variable.
Various	Variegated; diversified; not monotonous.
Variously	In various or different ways.
Variscite	An apple-green mineral occurring in reniform masses. It is a hydrous phosphate of alumina.
Varisse	An imperfection on the inside of the hind leg in horses, different from a curb, but at the same height, and frequently injuring the sale of the animal by growing to an unsightly size.
Varices	of Varix
Varix	A uneven, permanent dilatation of a vein.
Varix	One of the prominent ridges or ribs extending across each of the whorls of certain univalve shells.
Vark	The bush hog, or boshvark.
Varlet	A servant, especially to a knight; an attendant; a valet; a footman.
Varlet	Hence, a low fellow; a scoundrel; a rascal; as, an impudent varlet.
Varlet	In a pack of playing cards, the court card now called the knave, or jack.
Varletry	The rabble; the crowd; the mob.
Varnish	A viscid liquid, consisting of a solution of resinous matter in an oil or a volatile liquid, laid on work with a brush, or otherwise. When applied the varnish soon dries, either by evaporation or chemical action, and the resinous part forms thus a smooth, hard surface, with a beautiful gloss, capable of resisting, to a greater or less degree, the influences of air and moisture.
Varnish	That which resembles varnish, either naturally or artificially; a glossy appearance.
Varnish	An artificial covering to give a fair appearance to any act or conduct; outside show; gloss.
Varnished	of Varnish
Varnishing	of Varnish
Varnish	To lay varnish on; to cover with a liquid which produces, when dry, a hard, glossy surface; as, to varnish a table; to varnish a painting.
Varnish	To cover or conceal with something that gives a fair appearance; to give a fair coloring to by words; to gloss over; to palliate; as, to varnish guilt.
Varnisher	One who varnishes; one whose occupation is to varnish.
Varnisher	One who disguises or palliates; one who gives a fair external appearance.
Varnishing	The act of laying on varnish; also, materials for varnish.
Vartabed	A doctor or teacher in the Armenian church. Members of this order of ecclesiastics frequently have charge of dioceses, with episcopal functions.
Varuna	The god of the waters; the Indian Neptune. He is regarded as regent of the west, and lord of punishment, and is represented as riding on a sea monster, holding in his hand a snaky cord or noose with which to bind offenders, under water.
Varvel	In falconry, one of the rings secured to the ends of the jesses.
Varveled	Having varvels, or rings.
Varied	of Vary
Varying	of Vary
Vary	To change the aspect of; to alter in form, appearance, substance, position, or the like; to make different by a partial change; to modify; as, to vary the properties, proportions, or nature of a thing; to vary a posture or an attitude; to vary one's dress or opinions.
Vary	To change to something else; to transmute; to exchange; to alternate.
Vary	To make of different kinds; to make different from one another; to diversity; to variegate.
Vary	To embellish; to change fancifully; to present under new aspects, as of form, key, measure, etc. See Variation, 4.
Vary	To alter, or be altered, in any manner; to suffer a partial change; to become different; to be modified; as, colors vary in different lights.
Vary	To differ, or be different; to be unlike or diverse; as, the laws of France vary from those of England.
Vary	To alter or change in succession; to alternate; as, one mathematical quantity varies inversely as another.
Vary	To deviate; to depart; to swerve; -- followed by from; as, to vary from the law, or from reason.
Vary	To disagree; to be at variance or in dissension; as, men vary in opinion.
Vary	Alteration; change.
Varying	a. & n. from Vary.
Vasa	of Vas
Vas	A vessel; a duct.
Vasa deferentia	of Vas
Vascular	Consisting of, or containing, vessels as an essential part of a structure; full of vessels; specifically (Bot.), pertaining to, or containing, special ducts, or tubes, for the circulation of sap.
Vascular	Operating by means of, or made up of an arrangement of, vessels; as, the vascular system in animals, including the arteries, veins, capillaries, lacteals, etc.
Vascular	Of or pertaining to the vessels of animal and vegetable bodies; as, the vascular functions.
Vascular	Of or pertaining to the higher division of plants, that is, the phaenogamous plants, all of which are vascular, in distinction from the cryptogams, which to a large extent are cellular only.
Vascularities	of Vascularity
Vascularity	The quality or state of being vascular.
Vasculose	One of the substances of which vegetable tissue is composed, differing from cellulose in its solubility in certain media.
Vascula	of Vasculum
Vasculum	Same as Ascidium, n., 1.
Vasculum	A tin box, commonly cylindrical or flattened, used in collecting plants.
Vase	A vessel adapted for various domestic purposes, and anciently for sacrificial uses; especially, a vessel of antique or elegant pattern used for ornament; as, a porcelain vase; a gold vase; a Grecian vase.  See Illust. of Portland vase, under Portland.
Vase	A vessel similar to that described in the first definition above, or the representation of one in a solid block of stone, or the like, used for an ornament, as on a terrace or in a garden. See Illust. of Niche.
Vase	The body, or naked ground, of the Corinthian and Composite capital; -- called also tambour, and drum.
Vase	The calyx of a plant.
Vaseline	A yellowish translucent substance, almost odorless and tasteless, obtained as a residue in the purification of crude petroleum, and consisting essentially of a mixture of several of the higher members of the paraffin series. It is used as an unguent, and for various purposes in the arts. See the Note under Petrolatum.
Vase-shaped	Formed like a vase, or like a common flowerpot.
Vasiform	Having the form of a vessel, or duct.
Vasoconstrictor	Causing constriction of the blood vessels; as, the vasoconstrictor nerves, stimulation of which causes constriction of the blood vessels to which they go.  These nerves are also called vasohypertonic.
Vasoconstrictor	A substance which causes constriction of the blood vessels.  Such substances are used in medicine to raise blood pressure.
Vasodentine	A modified form of dentine, which is permeated by blood capillaries; vascular dentine.
Vasodilator	Causing dilation or relaxation of the blood vessels; as, the vasodilator nerves, stimulation of which causes dilation of the blood vessels to which they go. These nerves are also called vaso-inhibitory, and vasohypotonic nerves, since their stimulation causes relaxation and rest.
Vasoformative	Concerned in the development and formation of blood vessels and blood corpuscles; as, the vasoformative cells.
Vaso-inhibitory	See Vasodilator.
Vasomotor	Causing movement in the walls of vessels; as, the vasomotor mechanisms; the vasomotor nerves, a system of nerves distributed over the muscular coats of the blood vessels.
Vassal	The grantee of a fief, feud, or fee; one who holds land of superior, and who vows fidelity and homage to him; a feudatory; a feudal tenant.
Vassal	A subject; a dependent; a servant; a slave.
Vassal	Resembling a vassal; slavish; servile.
Vassal	To treat as a vassal; to subject to control; to enslave.
Vassalage	The state of being a vassal, or feudatory.
Vassalage	Political servitude; dependence; subjection; slavery; as, the Greeks were held in vassalage by the Turks.
Vassalage	A territory held in vassalage.
Vassalage	Vassals, collectively; vassalry.
Vassalage	Valorous service, such as that performed by a vassal; valor; prowess; courage.
Vassaless	A female vassal.
Vassalry	The body of vassals.
Vast	Waste; desert; desolate; lonely.
Vast	Of great extent; very spacious or large; also, huge in bulk; immense; enormous; as, the vast ocean; vast mountains; the vast empire of Russia.
Vast	Very great in numbers, quantity, or amount; as, a vast army; a vast sum of money.
Vast	Very great in importance; as, a subject of vast concern.
Vast	A waste region; boundless space; immensity.
Vastation	A laying waste; waste; depopulation; devastation.
Vastel	See Wastel.
Vastidity	Vastness; immensity.
Vastitude	Vastness; immense extent.
Vastitude	Destruction; vastation.
Vastity	Vastness.
Vastly	To a vast extent or degree; very greatly; immensely.
Vastness	The quality or state of being vast.
Vasty	Vast; immense.
Vasum	A genus including several species of large marine gastropods having massive pyriform shells, with conspicuous folds on the columella.
Vat	A large vessel, cistern, or tub, especially one used for holding in an immature state, chemical preparations for dyeing, or for tanning, or for tanning leather, or the like.
Vat	A measure for liquids, and also a dry measure; especially, a liquid measure in Belgium and Holland, corresponding to the hectoliter of the metric system, which contains 22.01 imperial gallons, or 26.4 standard gallons in the United States.
Vat	A wooden tub for washing ores and mineral substances in.
Vat	A square, hollow place on the back of a calcining furnace, where tin ore is laid to dry.
Vat	A vessel for holding holy water.
Vatted	of Vat
Vatting	of Vat
Vat	To put or transfer into a vat.
Vatfuls	of Vatful
Vatful	As much as a vat will hold; enough to fill a vat.
Vatical	Of or pertaining to a prophet; prophetical.
Vatican	A magnificent assemblage of buildings at Rome, near the church of St. Peter, including the pope's palace, a museum, a library, a famous chapel, etc.
Vaticanism	The doctrine of papal supremacy; extreme views in support of the authority of the pope; ultramontanism; -- a term used only by persons who are not Roman Catholics.
Vaticanist	One who strongly adheres to the papal authority; an ultramontanist.
Vaticide	The murder, or the murderer, of a prophet.
Vaticinal	Of or pertaining to prophecy; prophetic.
Vaticinate	To prophesy; to foretell; to practice prediction; to utter prophecies.
Vaticination	Prediction; prophecy.
Vaticinator	One who vaticinates; a prophet.
Vaticine	A prediction; a vaticination.
Vaudeville	A kind of song of a lively character, frequently embodying a satire on some person or event, sung to a familiar air in couplets with a refrain; a street song; a topical song.
Vaudeville	A theatrical piece, usually a comedy, the dialogue of which is intermingled with light or satirical songs, set to familiar airs.
Vaudois	An inhabitant, or the inhabitants, of the Swiss canton of Vaud.
Vaudois	A modern name of the Waldenses.
Vaudoux	See Voodoo.
Vault	An arched structure of masonry, forming a ceiling or canopy.
Vault	An arched apartment; especially, a subterranean room, use for storing articles, for a prison, for interment, or the like; a cell; a cellar.
Vault	The canopy of heaven; the sky.
Vault	A leap or bound.
Vault	The bound or leap of a horse; a curvet.
Vault	A leap by aid of the hands, or of a pole, springboard, or the like.
Vaulted	of Vault
Vaulting	of Vault
Vault	To form with a vault, or to cover with a vault; to give the shape of an arch to; to arch; as, vault a roof; to vault a passage to a court.
Vault	To leap over; esp., to leap over by aid of the hands or a pole; as, to vault a fence.
Vault	To leap; to bound; to jump; to spring.
Vault	To exhibit feats of tumbling or leaping; to tumble.
Vaultage	Vaulted work; also, a vaulted place; an arched cellar.
Vaulted	Arched; concave; as, a vaulted roof.
Vaulted	Covered with an arch, or vault.
Vaulted	Arched like the roof of the mouth, as the upper lip of many ringent flowers.
Vaulter	One who vaults; a leaper; a tumbler.
Vaulting	The act of constructing vaults; a vaulted construction.
Vaulting	Act of one who vaults or leaps.
Vaulty	Arched; concave.
Vaunce	To advance.
Vaunted	of Vaunt
Vaunting	of Vaunt
Vaunt	To boast; to make a vain display of one's own worth, attainments, decorations, or the like; to talk ostentatiously; to brag.
Vaunt	To boast of; to make a vain display of; to display with ostentation.
Vaunt	A vain display of what one is, or has, or has done; ostentation from vanity; a boast; a brag.
Vaunt	The first part.
Vaunt	To put forward; to display.
Vaunt-courier	See Van-courier.
Vaunter	One who vaunts; a boaster.
Vauntful	Given to vaunting or boasting; vainly ostentatious; boastful; vainglorious.
Vauntingly	In a vaunting manner.
Vauntmure	A false wall; a work raised in front of the main wall.
Vauquelinite	Chromate of copper and lead, of various shades of green.
Vaut	To vault; to leap.
Vaut	A vault; a leap.
Vauty	Vaulted.
Vavasor	The vassal or tenant of a baron; one who held under a baron, and who also had tenants under him; one in dignity next to a baron; a title of dignity next to a baron.
Vavasory	The quality or tenure of the fee held by a vavasor; also, the lands held by a vavasor.
Vaward	The fore part; van.
Vaza parrot	Any one of several species of parrots of the genus Coracopsis, native of Madagascar; -- called also vasa parrot.
Veadar	The thirteenth, or intercalary, month of the Jewish ecclesiastical calendar, which is added about every third year.
Veal	The flesh of a calf when killed and used for food.
Vection	Vectitation.
Vectitation	The act of carrying, or state of being carried.
Vector	Same as Radius vector.
Vector	A directed quantity, as a straight line, a force, or a velocity. Vectors are said to be equal when their directions are the same their magnitudes equal.  Cf. Scalar.
Vecture	The act of carrying; conveyance; carriage.
Veda	The ancient sacred literature of the Hindus; also, one of the four collections, called Rig-Veda, Yajur-Veda, Sama-Veda, and Atharva-Veda, constituting the most ancient portions of that literature.
Vedanta	A system of philosophy among the Hindus, founded on scattered texts of the Vedas, and thence termed the "Anta," or end or substance.
Vedantic	Of or pertaining to the Vedas.
Vedantist	One versed in the doctrines of the Vedantas.
Vedette	A sentinel, usually on horseback, stationed on the outpost of an army, to watch an enemy and give notice of danger; a vidette.
Vedro	A Russian liquid measure, equal to 3.249 gallons of U. S. standard measure, or 2.706 imperial gallons.
Veered	of Veer
Veering	of Veer
Veer	To change direction; to turn; to shift; as, wind veers to the west or north.
Veer	To direct to a different course; to turn; to wear; as, to veer, or wear, a vessel.
Veering	Shifting.
Veery	An American thrush (Turdus fuscescens) common in the Northern United States and Canada. It is light tawny brown above. The breast is pale buff, thickly spotted with brown. Called also Wilson's thrush.
Vega	A brilliant star of the first magnitude, the brightest of those constituting the constellation Lyra.
Vegetability	The quality or state of being vegetable.
Vegetable	Of or pertaining to plants; having the nature of, or produced by, plants; as, a vegetable nature; vegetable growths, juices, etc.
Vegetable	Consisting of, or comprising, plants; as, the vegetable kingdom.
Vegetable	Plants having distinct flowers and true seeds.
Vegetable	Plants without true flowers, and reproduced by minute spores of various kinds, or by simple cell division.
Vegetable	A plant. See Plant.
Vegetable	A plant used or cultivated for food for man or domestic animals, as the cabbage, turnip, potato, bean, dandelion, etc.; also, the edible part of such a plant, as prepared for market or the table.
Vegetal	Of or pertaining to vegetables, or the vegetable kingdom; of the nature of a vegetable; vegetable.
Vegetal	Of, pertaining to, or designating, that class of vital phenomena, such as digestion, absorption, assimilation, secretion, excretion, circulation, generation, etc., which are common to plants and animals, in distinction from sensation and volition, which are peculiar to animals.
Vegetal	A vegetable.
Vegetality	The quality or state of being vegetal, or vegetable.
Vegetality	The quality or state of being vegetal, or exhibiting those physiological phenomena which are common to plants and animals. See Vegetal, a., 2.
Vegetarian	One who holds that vegetables and fruits are the only proper food for man.  Strict vegetarians eat no meat, eggs, or milk.
Vegetarian	Of or pertaining to vegetarianism; as, a vegetarian diet.
Vegetarianism	The theory or practice of living upon vegetables and fruits.
Vegetated	of Vegetate
Vegetating	of Vegetate
Vegetate	To grow, as plants, by nutriment imbibed by means of roots and leaves; to start into growth; to sprout; to germinate.
Vegetate	Fig.: To lead a live too low for an animate creature; to do nothing but eat and grow.
Vegetate	To grow exuberantly; to produce fleshy or warty outgrowths; as, a vegetating papule.
Vegetation	The act or process of vegetating, or growing as a plant does; vegetable growth.
Vegetation	The sum of vegetable life; vegetables or plants in general; as, luxuriant vegetation.
Vegetation	An exuberant morbid outgrowth upon any part, especially upon the valves of the heart.
Vegetative	Growing, or having the power of growing, as plants; capable of vegetating.
Vegetative	Having the power to produce growth in plants; as, the vegetative properties of soil.
Vegetative	Having relation to growth or nutrition; partaking of simple growth and enlargement of the systems of nutrition, apart from the sensorial or distinctively animal functions; vegetal.
Vegete	Lively; active; sprightly; vigorous.
Vegetive	Having the nature of a plant; vegetable; as, vegetive life.
Vegetive	A vegetable.
Vegeto-animal	Partaking of the nature both of vegetable and animal matter; -- a term sometimes applied to vegetable albumen and gluten, from their resemblance to similar animal products.
Vegetous	Vigorous; lively; active; vegete.
Vehemence	The quality pr state of being vehement; impetuous force; impetuosity; violence; fury; as, the vehemence.
Vehemence	Violent ardor; great heat; animated fervor; as, the vehemence of love, anger, or other passions.
Vehemency	Vehemence.
Vehement	Acting with great force; furious; violent; impetuous; forcible; mighty; as, vehement wind; a vehement torrent; a vehement fire or heat.
Vehement	Very ardent; very eager or urgent; very fervent; passionate; as, a vehement affection or passion.
Vehemently	In a vehement manner.
Vehicle	That in or on which any person or thing is, or may be, carried, as a coach, carriage, wagon, cart, car, sleigh, bicycle, etc.; a means of conveyance; specifically, a means of conveyance upon land.
Vehicle	That which is used as the instrument of conveyance or communication; as, matter is the vehicle of energy.
Vehicle	A substance in which medicine is taken.
Vehicle	Any liquid with which a pigment is applied, including whatever gum, wax, or glutinous or adhesive substance is combined with it.
Vehicled	Conveyed in a vehicle; furnished with a vehicle.
Vehicular	Of or pertaining to a vehicle; serving as a vehicle; as, a vehicular contrivance.
Vehiculary	Vehicular.
Vehiculate	To convey by means of a vehicle; to ride in a vehicle.
Vehiculation	Movement of vehicles.
Vehiculatory	Vehicular.
Vehmic	Of, pertaining to, or designating, certain secret tribunals which flourished in Germany from the end of the 12th century to the middle of the 16th, usurping many of the functions of the government which were too weak to maintain law and order, and inspiring dread in all who came within their jurisdiction.
Veil	Something hung up, or spread out, to intercept the view, and hide an object; a cover; a curtain; esp., a screen, usually of gauze, crape, or similar diaphnous material, to hide or protect the face.
Veil	A cover; disguise; a mask; a pretense.
Veil	The calyptra of mosses.
Veil	A membrane connecting the margin of the pileus of a mushroom with the stalk; -- called also velum.
Veil	A covering for a person or thing; as, a nun's veil; a paten veil; an altar veil.
Veil	Same as Velum, 3.
Veiled	of Veil
Veiling	of Veil
Veil	To throw a veil over; to cover with a veil.
Veil	Fig.: To invest; to cover; to hide; to conceal.
Veiled	Covered by, or as by, a veil; hidden.
Veiling	A veil; a thin covering; also, material for making veils.
Veilless	Having no veil.
Vein	One of the vessels which carry blood, either venous or arterial, to the heart. See Artery, 2.
Vein	One of the similar branches of the framework of a leaf.
Vein	One of the ribs or nervures of the wings of insects. See Venation.
Vein	A narrow mass of rock intersecting other rocks, and filling inclined or vertical fissures not corresponding with the stratification; a lode; a dike; -- often limited, in the language of miners, to a mineral vein or lode, that is, to a vein which contains useful minerals or ores.
Vein	A fissure, cleft, or cavity, as in the earth or other substance.
Vein	A streak or wave of different color, appearing in wood, and in marble and other stones; variegation.
Vein	A train of association, thoughts, emotions, or the like; a current; a course.
Vein	Peculiar temper or temperament; tendency or turn of mind; a particular disposition or cast of genius; humor; strain; quality; also, manner of speech or action; as, a rich vein of humor; a satirical vein.
Veined	of Vein
Veining	of Vein
Vein	To form or mark with veins; to fill or cover with veins.
Veinal	Pertaining to veins; venous.
Veined	Full of veins; streaked; variegated; as, veined marble.
Veined	Having fibrovascular threads extending throughout the lamina; as, a veined leaf.
Veinless	Having no veins; as, a veinless leaf.
Veinlet	A small vein.
Veinous	Marked with veins; veined; veiny.
Veinstone	The nonmetalliferous mineral or rock material which accompanies the ores in a vein, as quartz, calcite, barite, fluor spar, etc.; -- called also veinstuff.
Veiny	Full of veins; veinous; veined; as, veiny marble.
Velar	Of or pertaining to a velum; esp. (Anat.) of or pertaining to the soft palate.
Velar	Having the place of articulation on the soft palate; guttural; as, the velar consonants, such as k and hard q.
Velaria	of Velarium
Velarium	The marginal membrane of certain medusae belonging to the Discophora.
Velate	Having a veil; veiled.
Vele	A veil.
Velella	Any species of oceanic Siphonophora belonging to the genus Velella.
Veliferous	Carrying or bearing sails.
Veliger	Any larval gastropod or bivalve mollusk in the state when it is furnished with one or two ciliated membranes for swimming.
Velitation	A dispute or contest; a slight contest; a skirmish.
Velivolant	Flying with sails; passing under full sail.
Vell	The salted stomach of a calf, used in making cheese; a rennet bag.
Vell	To cut the turf from, as for burning.
Velleity	The lowest degree of desire; imperfect or incomplete volition.
Vellet	Velvet.
Vellicated	of Vellicate
Vellicating	of Vellicate
Vellicate	To twitch; to cause to twitch convulsively.
Vellicate	To move spasmodically; to twitch; as, a nerve vellicates.
Vellication	The act of twitching, or of causing to twitch.
Vellication	A local twitching, or convulsive motion, of a muscular fiber, especially of the face.
Vellicative	Having the power of vellicating, plucking, or twitching; causing vellication.
Vellon	A word occurring in the phrase real vellon. See the Note under Its Real.
Vellum	A fine kind of parchment, usually made from calfskin, and rendered clear and white, -- used as for writing upon, and for binding books.
Vellumy	Resembling vellum.
Velocimeter	An apparatus for measuring speed, as of machinery or vessels, but especially of projectiles.
Velocipede	A light road carriage propelled by the feet of the rider. Originally it was propelled by striking the tips of the toes on the roadway, but commonly now by the action of the feet on a pedal or pedals connected with the axle of one or more of the wheels, and causing their revolution. They are made in many forms, with two, three, or four wheels. See Bicycle, and Tricycle.
Velecipedist	One who rides on a velocipede.
Velocities	of Velocity
Velocity	Quickness of motion; swiftness; speed; celerity; rapidity; as, the velocity of wind; the velocity of a planet or comet in its orbit or course; the velocity of a cannon ball; the velocity of light.
Velocity	Rate of motion; the relation of motion to time, measured by the number of units of space passed over by a moving body or point in a unit of time, usually the number of feet passed over in a second. See the Note under Speed.
Velours	One of many textile fabrics having a pile like that of velvet.
Veltfare	The fieldfare.
Vela	of Velum
Velum	Curtain or covering; -- applied to various membranous partitions, especially to the soft palate. See under Palate.
Velum	See Veil, n., 3 (b).
Velum	A thin membrane surrounding the sporocarps of quillworts Isoetes).
Velum	A veil-like organ or part.
Velum	The circular membrane that partially incloses the space beneath the umbrella of hydroid medusae.
Velum	A delicate funnel-like membrane around the flagellum of certain Infusoria. See Illust. a of Protozoa.
Velure	Velvet.
Velutina	Any one of several species of marine gastropods belonging to Velutina and allied genera.
Velutinous	Having the surface covered with a fine and dense silky pubescence; velvety; as, a velutinous leaf.
Velverd	The veltfare.
Velveret	A kind of velvet having cotton back.
Velvet	A silk fabric, having a short, close nap of erect threads. Inferior qualities are made with a silk pile on a cotton or linen back.
Velvet	The soft and highly vascular deciduous skin which envelops and nourishes the antlers of deer during their rapid growth.
Velvet	Made of velvet; soft and delicate, like velvet; velvety.
Velvet	To pain velvet.
Velvet	To make like, or cover with, velvet.
Velvetbreast	The goosander.
Velveteen	A kind of cloth, usually cotton, made in imitation of velvet; cotton velvet.
Velveting	The fine shag or nap of velvet; a piece of velvet; velvet goods.
Velvetleaf	A name given to several plants which have soft, velvety leaves, as the Abutilon Avicennae, the Cissampelos Pareira, and the Lavatera arborea, and even the common mullein.
Velvety	Made of velvet, or like velvet; soft; smooth; delicate.
Venae	of Vena
Vena	A vein.
Venae cavae	of Vena
VenAe portae	of Vena
Venada	The pudu.
Venal	Of or pertaining to veins; venous; as, venal blood.
Venal	Capable of being bought or obtained for money or other valuable consideration; made matter of trade or barter; held for sale; salable; mercenary; purchasable; hireling; as, venal services.
Venality	The quality or state of being venal, or purchasable; mercenariness; prostitution of talents, offices, or services, for money or reward; as, the venality of a corrupt court; the venality of an official.
Venally	In a venal manner.
Venantes	The hunting spiders, which run after, or leap upon, their prey.
Venary	Of or, pertaining to hunting.
Venatic	Alt. of Venatical
Venatical	Of or pertaining to hunting; used in hunting.
Venatica	See Vinatico.
Venation	The arrangement or system of veins, as in the wing of an insect, or in the leaves of a plant. See Illust. in Appendix.
Venation	The act or art of hunting, or the state of being hunted.
Venatorial	Or or pertaining to hunting; venatic.
Vended	of Vend
Vending	of Vend
Vend	To transfer to another person for a pecuniary equivalent; to make an object of trade; to dispose of by sale; to sell; as, to vend goods; to vend vegetables.
Vend	The act of vending or selling; a sale.
Vend	The total sales of coal from a colliery.
Vendace	A European lake whitefish (Coregonus Willughbii, or C. Vandesius) native of certain lakes in Scotland and England. It is regarded as a delicate food fish. Called also vendis.
Vendee	The person to whom a thing is vended, or sold; -- the correlative of vendor.
Vendemiaire	The first month of the French republican calendar, dating from September 22, 1792.
Vender	One who vends; one who transfers the exclusive right of possessing a thing, either his own, or that of another as his agent, for a price or pecuniary equivalent; a seller; a vendor.
Vendetta	A blood feud; private revenge for the murder of a kinsman.
Vendibility	The quality or state of being vendible, or salable.
Vendible	Capable of being vended, or sold; that may be sold; salable.
Vendible	Something to be sold, or offered for sale.
Venditate	To cry up. as if for sale; to blazon.
Venditation	The act of setting forth ostentatiously; a boastful display.
Vendition	The act of vending, or selling; sale.
Vendor	A vender; a seller; the correlative of vendee.
Vends	See Wends.
Vendue	A public sale of anything, by outcry, to the highest bidder; an auction.
Veneered	of Veneer
Veneering	of Veneer
Veneer	To overlay or plate with a thin layer of wood or other material for outer finish or decoration; as, to veneer a piece of furniture with mahogany. Used also figuratively.
Veneer	A thin leaf or layer of a more valuable or beautiful material for overlaying an inferior one, especially such a thin leaf of wood to be glued to a cheaper wood; hence, external show; gloss; false pretense.
Veneering	The act or art of one who veneers.
Veneering	Thin wood or other material used as a veneer.
Venefical	Veneficial.
Venefice	The act or practice of poisoning.
Veneficial	Alt. of Veneficious
Veneficious	Acting by poison; used in poisoning or in sorcery.
Venemous	Venomous.
Venenate	To poison; to infect with poison.
Venenate	Poisoned.
Vennation	The act of poisoning.
Vennation	Poison; venom.
Venene	Poisonous; venomous.
Venenose	Poisonous.
Venerability	The quality or state of being venerable; venerableness.
Venerable	Capable of being venerated; worthy of veneration or reverence; deserving of honor and respect; -- generally implying an advanced age; as, a venerable magistrate; a venerable parent.
Venerable	Rendered sacred by religious or other associations; that should be regarded with awe and treated with reverence; as, the venerable walls of a temple or a church.
Veneracea	An extensive tribe of bivalve mollusks of which the genus Venus is the type. The shells are usually oval, or somewhat heartshaped, with a conspicuous lunule.  See Venus.
Venerated	of Venerate
Venerating	of Venerate
Venerate	To regard with reverential respect; to honor with mingled respect and awe; to reverence; to revere; as, we venerate parents and elders.
Veneration	The act of venerating, or the state of being venerated; the highest degree of respect and reverence; respect mingled with awe; a feeling or sentimental excited by the dignity, wisdom, or superiority of a person, by sacredness of character, by consecration to sacred services, or by hallowed associations.
Venerator	One who venerates.
Venereal	Of or pertaining to venery, or sexual love; relating to sexual intercourse.
Venereal	Arising from sexual intercourse; as, a venereal disease; venereal virus or poison.
Venereal	Adapted to the cure of venereal diseases; as, venereal medicines.
Venereal	Adapted to excite venereal desire; aphrodisiac.
Venereal	Consisting of, or pertaining to, copper, formerly called by chemists Venus.
Venereal	The venereal disease; syphilis.
Venerean	Devoted to the offices of Venus, or love; venereal.
Venereous	Venereal; exciting lust; aphrodisiac.
Venereous	Lustful; lascivious; libidinous.
Venerous	Venereous.
Venery	Sexual love; sexual intercourse; coition.
Venery	The art, act, or practice of hunting; the sports of the chase.
Venesection	The act or operation of opening a vein for letting blood; bloodletting; phlebotomy.
Venetian	Of or pertaining to Venice in Italy.
Venetian	A native or inhabitant of Venice.
Venew	A bout, or turn, as at fencing; a thrust; a hit; a veney.
Veney	A bout; a thrust; a venew.
Venge	To avenge; to punish; to revenge.
Vengeable	Revengeful; deserving revenge.
Vengeance	Punishment inflicted in return for an injury or an offense; retribution; -- often, in a bad sense, passionate or unrestrained revenge.
Vengeance	Harm; mischief.
Vengeancely	Extremely; excessively.
Vengeful	Vindictive; retributive; revengeful.
Vengement	Avengement; penal retribution; vengeance.
Venger	An avenger.
Veniable	Venial; pardonable.
Venial	Capable of being forgiven; not heinous; excusable; pardonable; as, a venial fault or transgression.
Venial	Allowed; permitted.
Veniality	The quality or state of being venial; venialness.
Venire facias	A judicial writ or precept directed to the sheriff, requiring him to cause a certain number of qualified persons to appear in court at a specified time, to serve as jurors in said court.
Venire facias	A writ in the nature of a summons to cause the party indicted on a penal statute to appear. Called also venire.
Venison	Beasts of the chase.
Venison	Formerly, the flesh of any of the edible beasts of the chase, also of game birds; now, the flesh of animals of the deer kind exclusively.
Venite	The 95th Psalm, which is said or sung regularly in the public worship of many churches. Also, a musical composition adapted to this Psalm.
Venom	Matter fatal or injurious to life; poison; particularly, the poisonous, the poisonous matter which certain animals, such as serpents, scorpions, bees, etc., secrete in a state of health, and communicate by thing or stinging.
Venom	Spite; malice; malignity; evil quality. Chaucer.
Venom	To infect with venom; to envenom; to poison.
Venomous	Full of venom; noxious to animal life; poisonous; as, the bite of a serpent may be venomous.
Venomous	Having a poison gland or glands for the secretion of venom, as certain serpents and insects.
Venomous	Noxious; mischievous; malignant; spiteful; as, a venomous progeny; a venomous writer.
Venose	Having numerous or conspicuous veins; veiny; as, a venose frond.
Venosity	The quality or state of being venous.
Venosity	A condition in which the circulation is retarded, and the entire mass of blood is less oxygenated than it normally is.
Venous	Of or pertaining to a vein or veins; as, the venous circulation of the blood.
Venous	Contained in the veins, or having the same qualities as if contained in the veins, that is, having a dark bluish color and containing an insufficient amount of oxygen so as no longer to be fit for oxygenating the tissues; -- said of the blood, and opposed to arterial.
Venous	Marked with veins; veined; as, a venous leaf.
Vent	Sale; opportunity to sell; market.
Vent	To sell; to vend.
Vent	A baiting place; an inn.
Vent	To snuff; to breathe or puff out; to snort.
Vent	A small aperture; a hole or passage for air or any fluid to escape; as, the vent of a cask; the vent of a mold; a volcanic vent.
Vent	The anal opening of certain invertebrates and fishes; also, the external cloacal opening of reptiles, birds, amphibians, and many fishes.
Vent	The opening at the breech of a firearm, through which fire is communicated to the powder of the charge; touchhole.
Vent	Sectional area of the passage for gases divided by the length of the same passage in feet.
Vent	Fig.: Opportunity of escape or passage from confinement or privacy; outlet.
Vent	Emission; escape; passage to notice or expression; publication; utterance.
Vented	of Vent
Venting	of Vent
Vent	To let out at a vent, or small aperture; to give passage or outlet to.
Vent	To suffer to escape from confinement; to let out; to utter; to pour forth; as, to vent passion or complaint.
Vent	To utter; to report; to publish.
Vent	To scent, as a hound.
Vent	To furnish with a vent; to make a vent in; as, to vent. a mold.
Ventage	A small hole, as the stop in a flute; a vent.
Ventail	That part of a helmet which is intended for the admission of air, -- sometimes in the visor.
Venter	One who vents; one who utters, reports, or publishes.
Venter	The belly; the abdomen; -- sometimes applied to any large cavity containing viscera.
Venter	The uterus, or womb.
Venter	A belly, or protuberant part; a broad surface; as, the venter of a muscle; the venter, or anterior surface, of the scapula.
Venter	The lower part of the abdomen in insects.
Venter	A pregnant woman; a mother; as, A has a son B by one venter, and a daughter C by another venter; children by different venters.
Venthole	A touchhole; a vent.
Ventiduct	A passage for wind or air; a passage or pipe for ventilating apartments.
Ventilated	of Ventilate
Ventilating	of Ventilate
Ventilate	To open and expose to the free passage of air; to supply with fresh air, and remove impure air from; to air; as, to ventilate a room; to ventilate a cellar; to ventilate a mine.
Ventilate	To provide with a vent, or escape, for air, gas, etc.; as, to ventilate a mold, or a water-wheel bucket.
Ventilate	To change or renew, as the air of a room.
Ventilate	To winnow; to fan; as, to ventilate wheat.
Ventilate	To sift and examine; to bring out, and subject to penetrating scrutiny; to expose to examination and discussion; as, to ventilate questions of policy.
Ventilate	To give vent; to utter; to make public.
Ventilation	The act of ventilating, or the state of being ventilated; the art or process of replacing foul air by that which is pure, in any inclosed place, as a house, a church, a mine, etc.; free exposure to air.
Ventilation	The act of refrigerating, or cooling; refrigeration; as, ventilation of the blood.
Ventilation	The act of fanning, or winnowing, for the purpose of separating chaff and dust from the grain.
Ventilation	The act of sifting, and bringing out to view or examination; free discussion; public exposure.
Ventilation	The act of giving vent or expression.
Ventilative	Of or pertaining to ventilation; adapted to secure ventilation; ventilating; as, ventilative apparatus.
Ventilator	A contrivance for effecting ventilation; especially, a contrivance or machine for drawing off or expelling foul or stagnant air from any place or apartment, or for introducing that which is fresh and pure.
Ventose	A ventouse.
Ventose	Windy; flatulent.
Ventose	The sixth month of the calendar adopted by the first French republic. It began February 19, and ended March 20.  See Vend/miaire.
Ventosity	Quality or state of being ventose; windiness; hence, vainglory; pride.
Ventouse	A cupping glass.
Ventouse	To cup; to use a cupping glass.
Ventrad	Toward the ventral side; on the ventral side; ventrally; -- opposed to dorsad.
Ventral	Of, pertaining to, or situated near, the belly, or ventral side, of an animal or of one of its parts; hemal; abdominal; as, the ventral fin of a fish; the ventral root of a spinal nerve; -- opposed to dorsal.
Ventral	Of or pertaining to that surface of a carpel, petal, etc., which faces toward the center of a flower.
Ventral	Of or pertaining to the lower side or surface of a creeping moss or other low flowerless plant.  Opposed to dorsal.
Ventricle	A cavity, or one of the cavities, of an organ, as of the larynx or the brain; specifically, the posterior chamber, or one of the two posterior chambers, of the heart, which receives the blood from the auricle and forces it out from the heart.  See Heart.
Ventricle	The stomach.
Ventricle	Fig.: Any cavity, or hollow place, in which any function may be conceived of as operating.
Ventricose	Alt. of Ventricous
Ventricous	Swelling out on one side or unequally; bellied; ventricular; as, a ventricose corolla.
Ventricular	Of or pertaining to a ventricle; bellied.
Ventriculite	Any one of numerous species of siliceous fossil sponges belonging to Ventriculites and allied genera, characteristic of the Cretaceous period.
Ventriculous	Somewhat distended in the middle; ventricular.
Ventriculi	of Ventriculus
Ventriculus	One of the stomachs of certain insects.
Ventriculus	The body cavity of a sponge.
Ventrilocution	Ventriloquism.
Ventriloquial	Ventriloquous.
Ventriloquism	The act, art, or practice of speaking in such a manner that the voice appears to come, not from the person speaking, but from some other source, as from the opposite side of the room, from the cellar, etc.
Ventriloquist	One who practices, or is skilled in, ventriloquism.
Ventriloquized	of Ventriloquize
Ventriloquizing	of Ventriloquize
Ventriloquize	To practice ventriloquism; to speak like a ventriloquist.
Ventriloquous	Of or pertaining to a ventriloquist or ventriloquism.
Ventriloquy	Same as Ventriloquism.
Ventrimeson	See Meson.
Ventro-	A combining form used in anatomy to indicate connection with, or relation to, the abdomen; also, connection with, relation to, or direction toward, the ventral side; as, ventrolateral; ventro-inguinal.
Ventro-inguinal	Pertaining both to the abdomen and groin, or to the abdomen and inguinal canal; as, ventro-inguinal hernia.
Venture	An undertaking of chance or danger; the risking of something upon an event which can not be foreseen with certainty; a hazard; a risk; a speculation.
Venture	An event that is not, or can not be, foreseen; an accident; chance; hap; contingency; luck.
Venture	The thing put to hazard; a stake; a risk; especially, something sent to sea in trade.
Ventured	of Venture
Venturing	of Venture
Venture	To hazard one's self; to have the courage or presumption to do, undertake, or say something; to dare.
Venture	To make a venture; to run a hazard or risk; to take the chances.
Venture	To expose to hazard; to risk; to hazard; as, to venture one's person in a balloon.
Venture	To put or send on a venture or chance; as, to venture a horse to the West Indies.
Venture	To confide in; to rely on; to trust.
Venturer	One who ventures, or puts to hazard; an adventurer.
Venturer	A strumpet; a prostitute.
Venturesome	Inclined to venture; not loth to run risk or danger; venturous; bold; daring; adventurous; as, a venturesome boy or act.
Venturine	Gold powder for covering varnished surfaces.
Venturous	Daring; bold; hardy; fearless; venturesome; adveturous; as, a venturous soldier.
Ventuse	See Ventouse.
Venue	A neighborhood or near place; the place or county in which anything is alleged to have happened; also, the place where an action is laid.
Venue	A bout; a hit; a turn.  See Venew.
Venule	A small vein; a veinlet; specifically (Zool.), one of the small branches of the veins of the wings in insects.
Venulose	Full of venules, or small veins.
Venus	The goddess of beauty and love, that is, beauty or love deified.
Venus	One of the planets, the second in order from the sun, its orbit lying between that of Mercury and that of the Earth, at a mean distance from the sun of about 67,000,000 miles. Its diameter is 7,700 miles, and its sidereal period 224.7 days. As the morning star, it was called by the ancients Lucifer; as the evening star, Hesperus.
Venus	The metal copper; -- probably so designated from the ancient use of the metal in making mirrors, a mirror being still the astronomical symbol of the planet Venus.
Venus	Any one of numerous species of marine bivalve shells of the genus Venus or family Veneridae. Many of these shells are large, and ornamented with beautiful frills; others are smooth, glossy, and handsomely colored. Some of the larger species, as the round clam, or quahog, are valued for food.
Venust	Beautiful.
Veracious	Observant of truth; habitually speaking truth; truthful; as, veracious historian.
Veracious	Characterized by truth; not false; as, a veracious account or narrative.
Veraciously	In a veracious manner.
Veracity	The quality or state of being veracious; habitual observance of truth; truthfulness; truth; as, a man of veracity.
Veranda	An open, roofed gallery or portico, adjoining a dwelling house, forming an out-of-door sitting room.  See Loggia.
Veratralbine	A yellowish amorphous alkaloid extracted from the rootstock of Veratrum album.
Veratrate	A salt of veratric acid.
Veratria	Veratrine.
Veratric	Pertaining to, or derived from, plants of the genus Veratrum.
Veratrina	Same as Veratrine.
Veratrine	A poisonous alkaloid obtained from the root hellebore (Veratrum) and from sabadilla seeds as a white crystalline powder, having an acrid, burning taste. It is sometimes used externally, as in ointments, in the local treatment of neuralgia and rheumatism. Called also veratria, and veratrina.
Veratrol	A liquid hydrocarbon obtained by the decomposition of veratric acid, and constituting the dimethyl ether of pyrocatechin.
Veratrum	A genus of coarse liliaceous herbs having very poisonous qualities.
Verb	A word; a vocable.
Verb	A word which affirms or predicates something of some person or thing; a part of speech expressing being, action, or the suffering of action.
Verbal	Expressed in words, whether spoken or written, but commonly in spoken words; hence, spoken; oral; not written; as, a verbal contract; verbal testimony.
Verbal	Consisting in, or having to do with, words only; dealing with words rather than with the ideas intended to be conveyed; as, a verbal critic; a verbal change.
Verbal	Having word answering to word; word for word; literal; as, a verbal translation.
Verbal	Abounding with words; verbose.
Verbal	Of or pertaining to a verb; as, a verbal group; derived directly from a verb; as, a verbal noun; used in forming verbs; as, a verbal prefix.
Verbal	A noun derived from a verb.
Verbalism	Something expressed verbally; a verbal remark or expression.
Verbalist	A literal adherent to, or a minute critic of, words; a literalist.
Verbality	The quality or state of being verbal; mere words; bare literal expression.
Verbalization	The act of verbalizing, or the state of being verbalized.
Verbalized	of Verbalize
Verbalizing	of Verbalize
Verbalize	To convert into a verb; to verbify.
Verbalize	To be verbose.
Verbally	In a verbal manner; orally.
Verbally	Word for word; verbatim.
Verbarian	Of or pertaining to words; verbal.
Verbarian	One who coins words.
Verbarium	A game in word making.  See Logomachy, 2.
Verbatim	Word for word; in the same words; verbally; as, to tell a story verbatim as another has related it.
Verbena	A genus of herbaceous plants of which several species are extensively cultivated for the great beauty of their flowers; vervain.
Verbenaceous	Of or pertaining to a natural order (Verbenaceae) of gamopetalous plants of which Verbena is the type. The order includes also the black and white mangroves, and many plants noted for medicinal use or for beauty of bloom.
Verbenated	of Verbenate
Verbenating	of Verbenate
Verbenate	To strew with verbena, or vervain, as in ancient sacrifices and rites.
Verberate	To beat; to strike.
Verberation	The act of verberating; a beating or striking.
Verberation	The impulse of a body; which causes sound.
Verbiage	The use of many words without necessity, or with little sense; a superabundance of words; verbosity; wordiness.
Verify	To make into a verb; to use as a verb; to verbalize.
Verbose	Abounding in words; using or containing more words than are necessary; tedious by a multiplicity of words; prolix; wordy; as, a verbose speaker; a verbose argument.
Verbosities	of Verbosity
Verbosity	The quality or state of being verbose; the use of more words than are necessary; prolixity; wordiness; verbiage.
Verd	The privilege of cutting green wood within a forest for fuel.
Verd	The right of pasturing animals in a forest.
Verd	Greenness; freshness.
Verdancy	The quality or state of being verdant.
Verdant	Covered with growing plants or grass; green; fresh; flourishing; as, verdant fields; a verdant lawn.
Verdant	Unripe in knowledge or judgment; unsophisticated; raw; green; as, a verdant youth.
Verd antique	A mottled-green serpentine marble.
Verd antique	A green porphyry called oriental verd antique.
Verdantly	In a verdant manner.
Verderer	Alt. of Verderor
Verderor	An officer who has the charge of the king's forest, to preserve the vert and venison, keep the assizes, view, receive, and enroll attachments and presentments of all manner of trespasses.
Verdict	The answer of a jury given to the court concerning any matter of fact in any cause, civil or criminal, committed to their examination and determination; the finding or decision of a jury on the matter legally submitted to them in the course of the trial of a cause.
Verdict	Decision; judgment; opinion pronounced; as, to be condemned by the verdict of the public.
Verdigris	A green poisonous substance used as a pigment and drug, obtained by the action of acetic acid on copper, and consisting essentially of a complex mixture of several basic copper acetates.
Verdigris	The green rust formed on copper.
Verdigris	To cover, or coat, with verdigris.
Verdin	A small yellow-headed bird (Auriparus flaviceps) of Lower California, allied to the titmice; -- called also goldtit.
Verdine	A commercial name for green aniline dye.
Verdingale	See Farthingale.
Verdit	Verdict.
Verditer	Verdigris.
Verditer	Either one of two pigments (called blue verditer, and green verditer) which are made by treating copper nitrate with calcium carbonate (in the form of lime, whiting, chalk, etc.) They consist of hydrated copper carbonates analogous to the minerals azurite and malachite.
Verditure	The faintest and palest green.
Verdoy	Charged with leaves, fruits, flowers, etc.; -- said of a border.
Verdure	Green; greenness; freshness of vegetation; as, the verdure of the meadows in June.
Verdured	Covered with verdure.
Verdureless	Destitute of verdure.
Verdurous	Covered with verdure; clothed with the fresh green of vegetation; verdured; verdant; as, verdurous pastures.
Verecund	Rashful; modest.
Verecundious	Verecund.
Verecundity	The quality or state of being verecund; modesty.
Veretillum	Any one of numerous species of club-shaped, compound Alcyonaria belonging to Veretillum and allied genera, of the tribe Pennatulacea. The whole colony can move about as if it were a simple animal.
Vergalien	Alt. of Vergaloo
Vergaloo	See Virgalieu.
Verge	A rod or staff, carried as an emblem of authority; as, the verge, carried before a dean.
Verge	The stick or wand with which persons were formerly admitted tenants, they holding it in the hand, and swearing fealty to the lord. Such tenants were called tenants by the verge.
Verge	The compass of the court of Marshalsea and the Palace court, within which the lord steward and the marshal of the king's household had special jurisdiction; -- so called from the verge, or staff, which the marshal bore.
Verge	A virgate; a yardland.
Verge	A border, limit, or boundary of a space; an edge, margin, or brink of something definite in extent.
Verge	A circumference; a circle; a ring.
Verge	The shaft of a column, or a small ornamental shaft.
Verge	The edge of the tiling projecting over the gable of a roof.
Verge	The spindle of a watch balance, especially one with pallets, as in the old vertical escapement.  See under Escapement.
Verge	The edge or outside of a bed or border.
Verge	A slip of grass adjoining gravel walks, and dividing them from the borders in a parterre.
Verge	The penis.
Verge	The external male organ of certain mollusks, worms, etc.  See Illustration in Appendix.
Verged	of Verge
Verging	of Verge
Verge	To border upon; to tend; to incline; to come near; to approach.
Verge	To tend downward; to bend; to slope; as, a hill verges to the north.
Vergeboard	The ornament of woodwork upon the gable of a house, used extensively in the 15th century. It was generally suspended from the edge of the projecting roof (see Verge, n., 4), and in position parallel to the gable wall. Called also bargeboard.
Vergency	The act of verging or approaching; tendency; approach.
Vergency	The reciprocal of the focal distance of a lens, used as measure of the divergence or convergence of a pencil of rays.
Verger	One who carries a verge, or emblem of office.
Verger	An attendant upon a dignitary, as on a bishop, a dean, a justice, etc.
Verger	The official who takes care of the interior of a church building.
Verger	A garden or orchard.
Vergette	Divided by pallets, or pales; paly.
Vergette	A small pale.
Veridical	Truth-telling; truthful; veracious.
Verifiable	Capable of being verified; confirmable.
Verfication	The act of verifying, or the state of being verified; confirmation; authentication.
Verfication	Confirmation by evidence.
Verfication	A formal phrase used in concluding a plea.
Verificative	Serving to verify; verifying; authenciating; confirming.
Verifier	One who, or that which, verifies.
Verified	of Verify
Verifying	of Verify
Verify	To prove to be true or correct; to establish the truth of; to confirm; to substantiate.
Verify	To confirm or establish the authenticity of by examination or competent evidence; to authenciate; as, to verify a written statement; to verify an account, a pleading, or the like.
Verify	To maintain; to affirm; to support.
Veriloquent	Speaking truth; truthful.
Verily	In very truth; beyond doubt or question; in fact; certainly.
Verine	An alkaloid obtained as a yellow amorphous substance by the decomposition of veratrine.
Verisimilar	Having the appearance of truth; probable; likely.
Verisimilitude	The quality or state of being verisimilar; the appearance of truth; probability; likelihood.
Verisimility	Verisimilitude.
Versimilous	Verisimilar.
Veritable	Agreeable to truth or to fact; actual; real; true; genuine.
Veritas	The Bureau Veritas.  See under Bureau.
Verities	of Verity
Verity	The quality or state of being true, or real; consonance of a statement, proposition, or other thing, with fact; truth; reality.
Verity	That which is true; a true assertion or tenet; a truth; a reality.
Verjuice	The sour juice of crab apples, of green or unripe grapes, apples, etc.; also, an acid liquor made from such juice.
Verjuice	Tartness; sourness, as of disposition.
Vermeil	Vermilion; also, the color of vermilion, a bright, beautiful red.
Vermeil	Silver gilt or gilt bronze.
Vermeil	A liquid composition applied to a gilded surface to give luster to the gold.
Vermeologist	One who treats of vermes, or worms; a helminthologist.
Vermeology	A discourse or treatise on worms; that part of zoology which treats of worms; helminthology.
Vermes	An extensive artificial division of the animal kingdom, including the parasitic worms, or helminths, together with the nemerteans, annelids, and allied groups. By some writers the branchiopods, the bryzoans, and the tunicates are also included. The name was used in a still wider sense by Linnaeus and his followers.
Vermes	A more restricted group, comprising only the helminths and closely allied orders.
Vermetid	Any species of vermetus.
Vermetus	Any one of many species of marine gastropods belonging to Vermetus and allied genera, of the family Vermetidae. Their shells are regularly spiral when young, but later in life the whorls become separate, and the shell is often irregularly bent and contorted like a worm tube.
Vermicelli	The flour of a hard and small-grained wheat made into dough, and forced through small cylinders or pipes till it takes a slender, wormlike form, whence the Italian name. When the paste is made in larger tubes, it is called macaroni.
Vermicide	A medicine which destroys intestinal worms; a worm killer.
Vermicious	Of or pertaining to worms; wormy.
Vermicular	Of or pertaining to a worm or worms; resembling a worm; shaped like a worm; especially, resembling the motion or track of a worm; as, the vermicular, or peristaltic, motion of the intestines.  See Peristaltic.
Vermiculated	of Vermiculate
Vermiculating	of Vermiculate
Vermiculate	To form or work, as by inlaying, with irregular lines or impressions resembling the tracks of worms, or appearing as if formed by the motion of worms.
Vermiculate	Wormlike in shape; covered with wormlike elevations; marked with irregular fine lines of color, or with irregular wavy impressed lines like worm tracks; as, a vermiculate nut.
Vermiculate	Crawling or creeping like a worm; hence, insinuating; sophistical.
Vermiculated	Made or marked with irregular wavy lines or impressions; vermiculate.
Vermiculation	The act or operation of moving in the manner of a worm; continuation of motion from one part to another; as, the vermiculation, or peristaltic motion, of the intestines.
Vermiculation	The act of vermiculating, or forming or inlaying so as to resemble the motion, track, or work of a worm.
Vermiculation	Penetration by worms; the state of being wormeaten.
Vermiculation	A very fine wavy crosswise color marking, or a patch of such markings, as on the feathers of birds.
Vermicule	A small worm or insect larva; also, a wormlike body.
Vermiculite	A group of minerals having, a micaceous structure. They are hydrous silicates, derived generally from the alteration of some kind of mica. So called because the scales, when heated, open out into wormlike forms.
Vermiculose	Alt. of Vermiculous
Vermiculous	Containing, or full of, worms; resembling worms.
Vermiform	Resembling a worm in form or motions; vermicular; as, the vermiform process of the cerebellum.
Vermiformia	A tribe of worms including Phoronis.  See Phoronis.
Vermifugal	Tending to prevent, destroy, or expel, worms or vermin; anthelmintic.
Vermifuge	A medicine or substance that expels worms from animal bodies; an anthelmintic.
Vermil	See Vermeil.
Vermilinguia	A tribe of edentates comprising the South American ant-eaters. The tongue is long, slender, exsertile, and very flexible, whence the name.
Vermilinguia	A tribe of Old World lizards which comprises the chameleon. They have long, flexible tongues.
Vermilion	A bright red pigment consisting of mercuric sulphide, obtained either from the mineral cinnabar or artificially. It has a fine red color, and is much used in coloring sealing wax, in printing, etc.
Vermilion	Hence, a red color like the pigment; a lively and brilliant red; as, cheeks of vermilion.
Vermilion	To color with vermilion, or as if with vermilion; to dye red; to cover with a delicate red.
Vermily	Vermeil.
Vermin	An animal, in general.
Vermin	A noxious or mischievous animal; especially, noxious little animals or insects, collectively, as squirrels, rats, mice, flies, lice, bugs, etc.
Vermin	Hence, in contempt, noxious human beings.
Verminate	To breed vermin.
Vermination	The generation or breeding of vermin.
Vermination	A griping of the bowels.
Verminly	Resembling vermin; in the manner of vermin.
Verminous	Tending to breed vermin; infested by vermin.
Verminous	Caused by, or arising from the presence of, vermin; as, verminous disease.
Verminously	In a verminous manner.
Vermiparous	Producing or breeding worms.
Vermivorous	Devouring worms; feeding on worms; as, vermivorous birds.
Vermuth	A liqueur made of white wine, absinthe, and various aromatic drugs, used to excite the appetite.
Vernacle	See Veronica, 1.
Vernacular	Belonging to the country of one's birth; one's own by birth or nature; native; indigenous; -- now used chiefly of language; as, English is our vernacular language.
Vernacular	The vernacular language; one's mother tongue; often, the common forms of expression in a particular locality.
Vernacularism	A vernacular idiom.
Vernacularization	The act or process of making vernacular, or the state of being made vernacular.
Vernacularly	In a vernacular manner; in the vernacular.
Vernaculous	Vernacular.
Vernaculous	Scoffing; scurrilous.
Vernage	A kind of sweet wine from Italy.
Vernal	Of or pertaining to the spring; appearing in the spring; as, vernal bloom.
Vernal	Fig.: Belonging to youth, the spring of life.
Vernant	Flourishing, as in spring; vernal.
Vernate	To become young again.
Vernation	The arrangement of the leaves within the leaf bud, as regards their folding, coiling, rolling, etc.; prefoliation.
Vernicle	A Veronica.  See Veronica, 1.
Vernicose	Having a brilliantly polished surface, as some leaves.
Vernier	A short scale made to slide along the divisions of a graduated instrument, as the limb of a sextant, or the scale of a barometer, for indicating parts of divisions. It is so graduated that a certain convenient number of its divisions are just equal to a certain number, either one less or one more, of the divisions of the instrument, so that parts of a division are determined by observing what line on the vernier coincides with a line on the instrument.
Vernile	Suiting a salve; servile; obsequious.
Vernility	Fawning or obsequious behavior; servility.
Vernine	An alkaloid extracted from the shoots of the vetch, red clover, etc., as a white crystalline substance.
Vernish	Varnish.
Vernonin	A glucoside extracted from the root of a South African plant of the genus Vernonia, as a deliquescent powder, and used as a mild heart tonic.
Veronese	Of or pertaining to Verona, in Italy.
Veronese	A native of Verona; collectively, the people of Verona.
Veronica	A portrait or representation of the face of our Savior on the alleged handkerchief of Saint Veronica, preserved at Rome; hence, a representation of this portrait, or any similar representation of the face of the Savior. Formerly called also Vernacle, and Vernicle.
Veronica	A genus scrophulariaceous plants; the speedwell.  See Speedwell.
Verray	Very; true.
Verrayment	Verily; truly.
Verrel	See Ferrule.
Verriculate	Having thickset tufts of parallel hairs, bristles, or branches.
Verruciform	Shaped like a wart or warts.
Verrucose	Covered with wartlike elevations; tuberculate; warty; verrucous; as, a verrucose capsule.
Verrucous	Verrucose.
Verruculose	Minutely verrucose; as, a verruculose leaf or stalk.
Vers	A verse or verses.  See Verse.
Versability	The quality or state of being versable.
Versable	Capable of being turned.
Versableness	Versability.
Versal	Universal.
Versant	Familiar; conversant.
Versant	The slope of a side of a mountain chain; hence, the general slope of a country; aspect.
Versatile	Capable of being turned round.
Versatile	Liable to be turned in opinion; changeable; variable; unsteady; inconstant; as versatile disposition.
Versatile	Turning with ease from one thing to another; readily applied to a new task, or to various subjects; many-sided; as, versatile genius; a versatile politician.
Versatile	Capable of turning; freely movable; as, a versatile anther, which is fixed at one point to the filament, and hence is very easily turned around; a versatile toe of a bird.
Versatility	The quality or state of being versatile; versatileness.
Vers de societe	See Society verses, under Society.
Verse	A line consisting of a certain number of metrical feet (see Foot, n., 9) disposed according to metrical rules.
Verse	Metrical arrangement and language; that which is composed in metrical form; versification; poetry.
Verse	A short division of any composition.
Verse	A stanza; a stave; as, a hymn of four verses.
Verse	One of the short divisions of the chapters in the Old and New Testaments.
Verse	A portion of an anthem to be performed by a single voice to each part.
Verse	A piece of poetry.
Versed	of Verse
Versing	of Verse
Verse	To tell in verse, or poetry.
Verse	To make verses; to versify.
Versed	Acquainted or familiar, as the result of experience, study, practice, etc.; skilled; practiced.
Versed	Turned.
Verseman	Same as Versemonger.
Versemonger	A writer of verses; especially, a writer of commonplace poetry; a poetaster; a rhymer; -- used humorously or in contempt.
Verser	A versifier.
Verset	A verse.
Versicle	A little verse; especially, a short verse or text said or sung in public worship by the priest or minister, and followed by a response from the people.
Versicolor	Alt. of Versicolored
Versicolored	Having various colors; changeable in color.
Versicular	Of or pertaining to verses; designating distinct divisions of a writing.
Versification	The act, art, or practice, of versifying, or making verses; the construction of poetry; metrical composition.
Versificator	A versifier.
Versifier	One who versifies, or makes verses; as, not every versifier is a poet.
Versifier	One who converts into verse; one who expresses in verse the ideas of another written in prose; as, Dr. Watts was a versifier of the Psalms.
Versified	of Versify
Versifying	of Versify
Versify	To make verses.
Versify	To relate or describe in verse; to compose in verse.
Versify	To turn into verse; to render into metrical form; as, to versify the Psalms.
Version	A change of form, direction, or the like; transformation; conversion; turning.
Version	A condition of the uterus in which its axis is deflected from its normal position without being bent upon itself.  See Anteversion, and Retroversion.
Version	The act of translating, or rendering, from one language into another language.
Version	A translation; that which is rendered from another language; as, the Common, or Authorized, Version of the Scriptures (see under Authorized); the Septuagint Version of the Old Testament.
Version	An account or description from a particular point of view, especially as contrasted with another account; as, he gave another version of the affair.
Versionist	One who makes or favors a version; a translator.
Verso	The reverse, or left-hand, page of a book or a folded sheet of paper; -- opposed to recto.
Versor	The turning factor of a quaternion.
Verst	A Russian measure of length containing 3,500 English feet.
Versual	Of or pertaining to a verse.
Versus	Against; as, John Doe versus Richard Roe; -- chiefly used in legal language, and abbreviated to v. or vs.
Versute	Crafty; wily; cunning; artful.
Vert	Everything that grows, and bears a green leaf, within the forest; as, to preserve vert and venison is the duty of the verderer.
Vert	The right or privilege of cutting growing wood.
Vert	The color green, represented in a drawing or engraving by parallel lines sloping downward toward the right.
Verteber	A vertebra.
Vertebrae	of Vertebra
Vertebra	One of the serial segments of the spinal column.
Vertebra	One of the central ossicles in each joint of the arms of an ophiuran.
Vertebral	Of or pertaining to a vertebrae, or the vertebral column; spinal; rachidian.
Vertebral	Vertebrate.
Vertebral	A vertebrate.
Vertebrally	At or within a vertebra or vertebrae; -- distinguished from interverterbrally.
Vertebrarterial	Of or pertaining to a vertebrae and an artery; -- said of the foramina in the transverse processes of cervical vertebrae and of the canal which they form for the vertebral artery and vein.
Vertebrata	One of the grand divisions of the animal kingdom, comprising all animals that have a backbone composed of bony or cartilaginous vertebrae, together with Amphioxus in which the backbone is represented by a simple undivided notochord. The Vertebrata always have a dorsal, or neural, cavity above the notochord or backbone, and a ventral, or visceral, cavity below it. The subdivisions or classes of Vertebrata are Mammalia, Aves, Reptilia, Amphibia, Pisces, Marsipobranchia, and Leptocardia.
Vertebrate	One of the Vertebrata.
Vertebrate	Alt. of Vertebrated
Vertebrated	Having a backbone, or vertebral column, containing the spinal marrow, as man, quadrupeds, birds, amphibia, and fishes.
Vertebrated	Contracted at intervals, so as to resemble the spine in animals.
Vertebrated	Having movable joints resembling vertebrae; -- said of the arms ophiurans.
Vertebrated	Of or pertaining to the Vertebrata; -- used only in the form vertebrate.
Vertebre	A vertebra.
Vertebro-	A combining form used in anatomy to indicate connection with, or relation to, a vertebra, vertebrae, or vertebral column; as in vertebrocostal.
Vertebro-iliac	Iliolumbar.
Vertexes	of Vertex
Vertices	of Vertex
Vertex	A turning point; the principal or highest point; top; summit; crown; apex.
Vertex	The top, or crown, of the head.
Vertex	The zenith, or the point of the heavens directly overhead.
Vertex	The point in any figure opposite to, and farthest from, the base; the terminating point of some particular line or lines in a figure or a curve; the top, or the point opposite the base.
Vertical	Of or pertaining to the vertex; situated at the vertex, or highest point; directly overhead, or in the zenith; perpendicularly above one.
Vertical	Perpendicular to the plane of the horizon; upright; plumb; as, a vertical line.
Vertical	Vertical position; zenith.
Vertical	A vertical line, plane, or circle.
Verticality	The quality or state of being vertical; verticalness.
Vertically	In a vertical manner, position, or direction; perpendicularly; as, to look down vertically; to raise a thing vertically.
Verticalness	Quality or state of being vertical.
Verticil	A circle either of leaves or flowers about a stem at the same node; a whorl.
Verticillaster	A whorl of flowers apparently of one cluster, but composed of two opposite axillary cymes, as in mint.  See Illust. of Whorl.
Verticillate	Alt. of Verticillated
Verticillated	Arranged in a transverse whorl or whorls like the rays of a wheel; as, verticillate leaves of a plant; a verticillate shell.
Verticillus	A whorl; a verticil.
Verticity	The quality or power of turning; revolution; rotation.
Verticle	An axis; hinge; a turning point.
Vertiginate	Turned round; giddy.
Vertiginous	Turning round; whirling; rotary; revolving; as, vertiginous motion.
Vertiginous	Affected with vertigo; giddy; dizzy.
Vertigoes	of Vertigo
Vertigines	of Vertigo
Vertigo	Dizziness or swimming of the head; an affection of the head in which objects, though stationary, appear to move in various directions, and the person affected finds it difficult to maintain an erect posture; giddiness.
Vertigo	Any one of numerous species of small land snails belonging to the genus Vertigo, having an elongated or conical spiral shell and usually teeth in the aperture.
Vertilinear	Straight; rectilinear.
Vertu	Virtue; power.  See Virtue.
Vertu	See Virtu.
Vertuous	Virtuous; powerful.
Verumontanum	An elevation, or crest, in the wall of the urethra where the seminal ducts enter it.
Vervain	Any plant of the genus Verbena.
Verve	Excitement of imagination such as animates a poet, artist, or musician, in composing or performing; rapture; enthusiasm; spirit; energy.
Vervel	See Varvel.
Vervet	A South African monkey (Cercopithecus pygerythrus, / Lelandii). The upper parts are grayish green, finely specked with black. The cheeks and belly are reddish white.
Very	True; real; actual; veritable.
Very	In a high degree; to no small extent; exceedingly; excessively; extremely; as, a very great mountain; a very bright sum; a very cold day; the river flows very rapidly; he was very much hurt.
Vesbium	A rare metallic element of which little is known. It is said by Scacchi to have been extracted from a yellowish incrustation from the cracks of a Vesuvian lava erupted in 1631.
Vese	Onset; rush; violent draught or wind.
Vesica	A bladder.
Vesical	Of or pertaining to the bladder.
Vesicant	A vesicatory.
Vesicated	of Vesicate
Vesicating	of Vesicate
Vesicate	To raise little bladders or blisters upon; to inflame and separate the cuticle of; to blister.
Vesication	The process of vesicating, or of raising blisters.
Vesicatory	Tending, or having power, to raise a blister.
Vesicatory	A blistering application or plaster; a vesicant; an epispastic.
Vesicle	A bladderlike vessel; a membranous cavity; a cyst; a cell.
Vesicle	A small bladderlike body in the substance of vegetable, or upon the surface of a leaf.
Vesicle	A small, and more or less circular, elevation of the cuticle, containing a clear watery fluid.
Vesicle	A cavity or sac, especially one filled with fluid; as, the umbilical vesicle.
Vesicle	A small convex hollow prominence on the surface of a shell or a coral.
Vesicle	A small cavity, nearly spherical in form, and usually of the size of a pea or smaller, such as are common in some volcanic rocks. They are produced by the liberation of watery vapor in the molten mass.
Vesico-	A combining form used in anatomy to indicate connection with, or relation to, the bladder; as in vesicoprostatic, vesicovaginal.
Vesicoprostatic	Of a pertaining to the bladder and the prostrate gland.
Vesicouterine	Of or pertaining to the bladder and the uterus.
Vesicovaginal	Of or pertaining to the bladder and the vagina.
Vesiculae	of Vesicula
Vesicula	A vesicle.
Vesicular	Of or pertaining to vesicles; esp., of or pertaining to the air vesicles, or air cells, of the lungs; as, vesicular breathing, or normal breathing, in which the air enters freely the air vesicles of the lungs.
Vesicular	Containing, or composed of, vesicles or vesiclelike structures; covered with vesicles or bladders; vesiculate; as, vesicular coral; vesicular lava; a vesicular leaf.
Vesicular	Having the form or structure of a vesicle; as, a vesicular body.
Vesicularia	Any one of numerous species of marine Bryozoa belonging to Vesicularia and allied genera. They have delicate tubular cells attached in clusters to slender flexible stems.
Vesiculata	The campanularian medusae.
Vesiculate	Bladdery; full of, or covered with, bladders; vesicular.
Vesiculate	To form vesicles in, as lava.
Vesiculation	The state of containing vesicles, or the process by which vesicles are formed.
Vesiculose	Alt. of Vesiculous
Vesiculous	Bladdery; vesicular; vesiculate; composed of vesicles; covered with vesicles; as, a vesiculose shell.
Vespa	A genus of Hymenoptera including the common wasps and hornets.
Vesper	The evening star; Hesper; Venus, when seen after sunset; hence, the evening.
Vesper	Of or pertaining to the evening, or to the service of vespers; as, a vesper hymn; vesper bells.
Vesperal	Vesper; evening.
Vespers	One of the little hours of the Breviary.
Vespers	The evening song or service.
Vespertilio	A genus of bats including some of the common small insectivorous species of North America and Europe.
Vespertiliones	A tribe of bats including the common insectivorous bats of America and Europe, belonging to Vespertilio and allied genera. They lack a nose membrane.
Vespertilionine	Of or pertaining to the Vespertiliones.
Vespertinal	Vespertine.
Vespertine	Of or pertaining to the evening; happening or being in the evening.
Vespertine	Blossoming in the evening.
Vespiary	A nest, or habitation, of insects of the wasp kind.
Vespilloes	of Vespillo
Vespillo	One who carried out the dead bodies of the poor at night for burial.
Vessel	A hollow or concave utensil for holding anything; a hollow receptacle of any kind, as a hogshead, a barrel, a firkin, a bottle, a kettle, a cup, a bowl, etc.
Vessel	A general name for any hollow structure made to float upon the water for purposes of navigation; especially, one that is larger than a common rowboat; as, a war vessel; a passenger vessel.
Vessel	Fig.: A person regarded as receiving or containing something; esp. (Script.), one into whom something is conceived as poured, or in whom something is stored for use; as, vessels of wrath or mercy.
Vessel	Any tube or canal in which the blood or other fluids are contained, secreted, or circulated, as the arteries, veins, lymphatics, etc.
Vessel	A continuous tube formed from superposed large cylindrical or prismatic cells (tracheae), which have lost their intervening partitions, and are usually marked with dots, pits, rings, or spirals by internal deposition of secondary membranes; a duct.
Vessel	To put into a vessel.
Vesselfuls	of Vesselful
Vesselful	As much as a vessel will hold; enough to fill a vessel.
Vesses	Alt. of Vessets
Vessets	A kind of worsted; also, a worsted cloth.
Vessicnon	Alt. of Vessignon
Vessignon	A soft swelling on a horse's leg; a windgall.
Vest	An article of clothing covering the person; an outer garment; a vestment; a dress; a vesture; a robe.
Vest	Any outer covering; array; garb.
Vest	Specifically, a waistcoat, or sleeveless body garment, for men, worn under the coat.
Vested	of Vest
Vesting	of Vest
Vest	To clothe with, or as with, a vestment, or garment; to dress; to robe; to cover, surround, or encompass closely.
Vest	To clothe with authority, power, or the like; to put in possession; to invest; to furnish; to endow; -- followed by with before the thing conferred; as, to vest a court with power to try cases of life and death.
Vest	To place or give into the possession or discretion of some person or authority; to commit to another; -- with in before the possessor; as, the power of life and death is vested in the king, or in the courts.
Vest	To invest; to put; as, to vest money in goods, land, or houses.
Vest	To clothe with possession; as, to vest a person with an estate; also, to give a person an immediate fixed right of present or future enjoyment of; as, an estate is vested in possession.
Vest	To come or descend; to be fixed; to take effect, as a title or right; -- followed by in; as, upon the death of the ancestor, the estate, or the right to the estate, vests in the heir at law.
Vesta	One of the great divinities of the ancient Romans, identical with the Greek Hestia. She was a virgin, and the goddess of the hearth; hence, also, of the fire on it, and the family round it.
Vesta	An asteroid, or minor planet, discovered by Olbers in 1807.
Vesta	A wax friction match.
Vestal	Of or pertaining to Vesta, the virgin goddess of the hearth; hence, pure; chaste.
Vestal	A virgin consecrated to Vesta, and to the service of watching the sacred fire, which was to be perpetually kept burning upon her altar.
Vestal	A virgin; a woman pure and chaste; also, a nun.
Vestales	A group of butterflies including those known as virgins, or gossamer-winged butterflies.
Vested	Clothed; robed; wearing vestments.
Vested	Not in a state of contingency or suspension; fixed; as, vested rights; vested interests.
Vestiarian	Of or pertaining to a vestiary or vestments.
Vestiary	A wardrobe; a robing room; a vestry.
Vestiary	Pertaining to clothes, or vestments.
Vestibular	Of or pertaining to a vestibule; like a vestibule.
Vestibule	The porch or entrance into a house; a hall or antechamber next the entrance; a lobby; a porch; a hall.
Vestibula	of Vestibulum
Vestibulum	A cavity into which, in certain bryozoans, the esophagus and anus open.
Vestigate	To investigate.
Vestige	The mark of the foot left on the earth; a track or footstep; a trace; a sign; hence, a faint mark or visible sign left by something which is lost, or has perished, or is no longer present; remains; as, the vestiges of ancient magnificence in Palmyra; vestiges of former population.
Vestigial	Of or pertaining to a vestige or remnant; like a vestige.
Vesting	Cloth for vests; a vest pattern.
Vestiture	In vestiture.
Vestlet	Any one of several species of actinians belonging to the genus Cerianthus. These animals have a long, smooth body tapering to the base, and two separate circles of tentacles around the mouth. They form a tough, flexible, feltlike tube with a smooth internal lining, in which they dwell, whence the name.
Vestment	A covering or garment; some part of clothing or dress
Vestment	any priestly garment.
Vestries	of Vestry
Vestry	A room appendant to a church, in which sacerdotal vestments and sacred utensils are sometimes kept, and where meetings for worship or parish business are held; a sacristy; -- formerly called revestiary.
Vestry	A parochial assembly; an assembly of persons who manage parochial affairs; -- so called because usually held in a vestry.
Vestry	A body, composed of wardens and vestrymen, chosen annually by a parish to manage its temporal concerns.
Vestrymen	of Vestryman
Vestryman	A member of a vestry; especially (Prot. Epis. Ch.), a member other than a warden.  See Vestry.
Vesture	A garment or garments; a robe; clothing; dress; apparel; vestment; covering; envelope.
Vesture	The corn, grass, underwood, stubble, etc., with which land was covered; as, the vesture of an acre.
Vesture	Seizin; possession.
Vestured	Covered with vesture or garments; clothed; enveloped.
Vesuvian	Of or pertaining to Vesuvius, a volcano near Naples.
Vesuvian	Vesuvianite.
Vesuvianite	A mineral occurring in tetragonal crystals, and also massive, of a brown to green color, rarely sulphur yellow and blue. It is a silicate of alumina and lime with some iron magnesia, and is common at Vesuvius. Also called idocrase.
Vesuvine	A trade name for a brown dyestuff obtained from certain basic azo compounds of benzene; -- called also Bismarck brown, Manchester brown, etc.
Vetch	Any leguminous plant of the genus Vicia, some species of which are valuable for fodder. The common species is V. sativa.
Vetchling	Any small leguminous plant of the genus Lathyrus, especially L. Nissolia.
Vetchy	Consisting of vetches or of pea straw.
Vetchy	Abounding with vetches.
Veteran	Long exercised in anything, especially in military life and the duties of a soldier; long practiced or experienced; as, a veteran officer or soldier; veteran skill.
Veteran	One who has been long exercised in any service or art, particularly in war; one who has had.
Veteranize	To reenlist for service as a soldier.
Veterinarian	One skilled in the diseases of cattle or domestic animals; a veterinary surgeon.
Veterinary	Of or pertaining to the art of healing or treating the diseases of domestic animals, as oxen, horses, sheep, etc.; as, a veterinary writer or school.
Vetiver	An East Indian grass (Andropogon muricatus); also, its fragrant roots which are much used for making mats and screens.  Also called kuskus, and khuskhus.
Vetoes	of Veto
Veto	An authoritative prohibition or negative; a forbidding; an interdiction.
Veto	A power or right possessed by one department of government to forbid or prohibit the carrying out of projects attempted by another department; especially, in a constitutional government, a power vested in the chief executive to prevent the enactment of measures passed by the legislature. Such a power may be absolute, as in the case of the Tribunes of the People in ancient Rome, or limited, as in the case of the President of the United States. Called also the veto power.
Veto	The exercise of such authority; an act of prohibition or prevention; as, a veto is probable if the bill passes.
Veto	A document or message communicating the reasons of the executive for not officially approving a proposed law; -- called also veto message.
Vetoed	of Veto
Vetoing	of Veto
Veto	To prohibit; to negative; also, to refuse assent to, as a legislative bill, and thus prevent its enactment; as, to veto an appropriation bill.
Vetoist	One who uses, or sustains the use of, the veto.
Vetture	of Vettura
Vettura	An Italian four-wheeled carriage, esp. one let for hire; a hackney coach.
Vetturini	of Vetturino
Vetturino	One who lets or drives a vettura.
Vetturino	A vettura.
Vetust	Venerable from antiquity; ancient; old.
Vexed	of Vex
Vexing	of Vex
Vex	To to/s back and forth; to agitate; to disquiet.
Vex	To make angry or annoyed by little provocations; to irritate; to plague; to torment; to harass; to afflict; to trouble; to tease.
Vex	To twist; to weave.
Vex	To be irritated; to fret.
Vexation	The act of vexing, or the state of being vexed; agitation; disquiet; trouble; irritation.
Vexation	The cause of trouble or disquiet; affliction.
Vexation	A harassing by process of law; a vexing or troubling, as by a malicious suit.
Vexatious	Causing vexation; agitating; afflictive; annoying; as, a vexatious controversy; a vexatious neighbor.
Vexatious	Full or vexation, trouble, or disquiet; disturbed.
Vexed	Annoyed; harassed; troubled.
Vexed	Much debated or contested; causing discussion; as, a vexed question.
Vexer	One who vexes or troubles.
Vexil	A vexillum.
Vexillar	Alt. of Vexillary
Vexillary	Of or pertaining to an ensign or standard.
Vexillary	Of or pertaining to the vexillum, or upper petal of papilionaceous flowers.
Vexillary	A standard bearer.
Vexillation	A company of troops under one vexillum.
Vexilla	of Vexillum
Vexillum	A flag or standard.
Vexillum	A company of troops serving under one standard.
Vexillum	A banner.
Vexillum	The sign of the cross.
Vexillum	The upper petal of a papilionaceous flower; the standard.
Vexillum	The rhachis and web of a feather taken together; the vane.
Vexingly	In a vexing manner; so as to vex, tease, or irritate.
V hook	A gab at the end of an eccentric rod, with long jaws, shaped like the letter V.
Via	A road way.
Via	By the way of; as, to send a letter via Queenstown to London.
Viability	The quality or state of being viable.
Viability	The capacity of living after birth.
Viability	The capacity of living, or being distributed, over wide geographical limits; as, the viability of a species.
Viable	Capable of living; born alive and with such form and development of organs as to be capable of living; -- said of a newborn, or a prematurely born, infant.
Viaduct	A structure of considerable magnitude, usually with arches or supported on trestles, for carrying a road, as a railroad, high above the ground or water; a bridge; especially, one for crossing a valley or a gorge.  Cf. Trestlework.
Viage	A voyage; a journey.
Vial	A small bottle, usually of glass; a little glass vessel with a narrow aperture intended to be closed with a stopper; as, a vial of medicine.
Vialed	of Vial
Vialled	of Vial
Vialing	of Vial
Vialling	of Vial
Vial	To put in a vial or vials.
Viameter	An odometer; -- called also viatometer.
Viand	An article of food; provisions; food; victuals; -- used chiefly in the plural.
Viander	A feeder; an eater; also, one who provides viands, or food; a host.
Vi-apple	See Otaheite apple.
Viary	Of or pertaining to roads; happening on roads.
Viatecture	The art of making roads or ways for traveling, including the construction of bridges, canals, viaducts, etc.
Viatic	Of or pertaining to a journey or traveling.
Viaticum	An allowance for traveling expenses made to those who were sent into the provinces to exercise any office or perform any service.
Viaticum	Provisions for a journey.
Viaticum	The communion, or eucharist, when given to persons in danger of death.
Viatometer	A viameter.
Vibices	More or less extensive patches of subcutaneous extravasation of blood.
Vibracula	of Vibraculum
Vibraculum	One of the movable, slender, spinelike organs or parts with which certain bryozoans are furnished. They are regarded as specially modified zooids, of nearly the same nature as Avicularia.
Vibrancy	The state of being vibrant; resonance.
Vibrant	Vibrating; tremulous; resonant; as, vibrant drums.
Vibrate	of Vibrate
Vibrating	of Vibrate
Vibrate	To brandish; to move to and fro; to swing; as, to vibrate a sword or a staff.
Vibrate	To mark or measure by moving to and fro; as, a pendulum vibrating seconds.
Vibrate	To affect with vibratory motion; to set in vibration.
Vibrate	To move to and fro, or from side to side, as a pendulum, an elastic rod, or a stretched string, when disturbed from its position of rest; to swing; to oscillate.
Vibrate	To have the constituent particles move to and fro, with alternate compression and dilation of parts, as the air, or any elastic body; to quiver.
Vibrate	To produce an oscillating or quivering effect of sound; as, a whisper vibrates on the ear.
Vibrate	To pass from one state to another; to waver; to fluctuate; as, a man vibrates between two opinions.
Vibratile	Adapted to, or used in, vibratory motion; having the power of vibrating; vibratory; as, the vibratile organs of insects.
Vibratility	The quality or state of being vibratile; disposition to vibration or oscillation.
Vibration	The act of vibrating, or the state of being vibrated, or in vibratory motion; quick motion to and fro; oscillation, as of a pendulum or musical string.
Vibration	A limited reciprocating motion of a particle of an elastic body or medium in alternately opposite directions from its position of equilibrium, when that equilibrium has been disturbed, as when a stretched cord or other body produces musical notes, or particles of air transmit sounds to the ear. The path of the particle may be in a straight line, in a circular arc, or in any curve whatever.
Vibratiuncle	A small vibration.
Vibrative	; vibratory.
Vibratory	Consisting in, or causing, vibration, or oscillation; vibrating; as, a vibratory motion; a vibratory power.
Vibrios	of Vibrio
Vibriones	of Vibrio
Vibrio	A genus of motile bacteria characterized by short, slightly sinuous filaments and an undulatory motion; also, an individual of this genus.
Vibrissae	of Vibrissa
Vibrissa	One of the specialized or tactile hairs which grow about the nostrils, or on other parts of the face, in many animals, as the so-called whiskers of the cat, and the hairs of the nostrils of man.
Vibrissa	The bristlelike feathers near the mouth of many birds.
Vibroscope	An instrument for observing or tracing vibrations.
Vibroscope	An instrument resembling the phenakistoscope.
Viburnum	A genus of shrubs having opposite, petiolate leaves and cymose flowers, several species of which are cultivated as ornamental, as the laurestine and the guelder-rose.
Vicar	One deputed or authorized to perform the functions of another; a substitute in office; a deputy.
Vicar	The incumbent of an appropriated benefice.
Vicarage	The benefice of a vicar.
Vicarage	The house or residence of a vicar.
Vicarial	Of or pertaining to a vicar; as, vicarial tithes.
Vicarial	Delegated; vicarious; as, vicarial power.
Vicarian	A vicar.
Vicariate	Having delegated power, as a vicar; vicarious.
Vicariate	Delegated office or power; vicarship; the office or oversight of a vicar.
Vicarious	Of or pertaining to a vicar, substitute, or deputy; deputed; delegated; as, vicarious power or authority.
Vicarious	Acting of suffering for another; as, a vicarious agent or officer.
Vicarious	Performed of suffered in the place of another; substituted; as, a vicarious sacrifice; vicarious punishment.
Vicarious	Acting as a substitute; -- said of abnormal action which replaces a suppressed normal function; as, vicarious hemorrhage replacing menstruation.
Vicariously	In a vicarious manner.
Vicarship	The office or dignity of a vicar.
Vicary	A vicar.
Vice	A defect; a fault; an error; a blemish; an imperfection; as, the vices of a political constitution; the vices of a horse.
Vice	A moral fault or failing; especially, immoral conduct or habit, as in the indulgence of degrading appetites; customary deviation in a single respect, or in general, from a right standard, implying a defect of natural character, or the result of training and habits; a harmful custom; immorality; depravity; wickedness; as, a life of vice; the vice of intemperance.
Vice	The buffoon of the old English moralities, or moral dramas, having the name sometimes of one vice, sometimes of another, or of Vice itself; -- called also Iniquity.
Vice	A kind of instrument for holding work, as in filing. Same as Vise.
Vice	A tool for drawing lead into cames, or flat grooved rods, for casements.
Vice	A gripe or grasp.
Viced	of Vice
Vicing	of Vice
Vice	To hold or squeeze with a vice, or as if with a vice.
Vice	In the place of; in the stead; as, A. B. was appointed postmaster vice C. D. resigned.
Vice	Denoting one who in certain cases may assume the office or duties of a superior; designating an officer or an office that is second in rank or authority; as, vice president; vice agent; vice consul, etc.
Viced	Vicious; corrupt.
Vicegerency	The office of a vicegerent.
Vicegerent	Having or exercising delegated power; acting by substitution, or in the place of another.
Vicegerent	Having or exercising delegated power; acting by substitution, or in the place of another.
Vicegerent	An officer who is deputed by a superior, or by proper authority, to exercise the powers of another; a lieutenant; a vicar.
Vicemen	of Viceman
Viceman	A smith who works at the vice instead of at the anvil.
Vicenary	Of or pertaining to twenty; consisting of twenty.
Vicennial	Lasting or comprising twenty years.
Vicennial	Happening once in twenty years; as, a vicennial celebration.
Vice-regal	Of or pertaining to a viceroy or viceroyalty.
Viceroy	The governor of a country or province who rules in the name of the sovereign with regal authority, as the king's substitute; as, the viceroy of India.
Viceroy	A large and handsome American butterfly (Basilarchia, / Limenitis, archippus). Its wings are orange-red, with black lines along the nervures and a row of white spots along the outer margins. The larvae feed on willow, poplar, and apple trees.
Viceroyalty	The dignity, office, or jurisdiction of a viceroy.
Viceroyship	Viceroyalty.
Vicety	Fault; defect; coarseness.
Vichy water	A mineral water found at Vichy, France. It is essentially an effervescent solution of sodium, calcium, and magnetism carbonates, with sodium and potassium chlorides; also, by extension, any artificial or natural water resembling in composition the Vichy water proper. Called also, colloquially, Vichy.
Viciate	See Vitiate.
Viinage	The place or places adjoining or near; neighborhood; vicinity; as, a jury must be of the vicinage.
Vicinal	Near; vicine.
Vicine	Near; neighboring; vicinal.
Vicine	An alkaloid ex tracted from the seeds of the vetch (Vicia sativa) as a white crystalline substance.
Vicinity	The quality or state of being near, or not remote; nearness; propinquity; proximity; as, the value of the estate was increased by the vicinity of two country seats.
Vicinity	That which is near, or not remote; that which is adjacent to anything; adjoining space or country; neighborhood.
Viciosity	Vitiosity.
Vicious	Characterized by vice or defects; defective; faulty; imperfect.
Vicious	Addicted to vice; corrupt in principles or conduct; depraved; wicked; as, vicious children; vicious examples; vicious conduct.
Vicious	Wanting purity; foul; bad; noxious; as, vicious air, water, etc.
Vicious	Not correct or pure; corrupt; as, vicious language; vicious idioms.
Vicious	Not well tamed or broken; given to bad tricks; unruly; refractory; as, a vicious horse.
Vicious	Bitter; spiteful; malignant.
Vicissitude	Regular change or succession from one thing to another; alternation; mutual succession; interchange.
Vicissitude	Irregular change; revolution; mutation.
Vicissitudinary	Subject to vicissitudes.
Vicissitudinous	Full of, or subject to, changes.
Vicissy duck	A West Indian duck, sometimes domesticated.
Vicontiel	Of or pertaining to the viscount or sheriff of a country.
Vicontiels	Things belonging to the sheriff; especially, farms (called also vicontiel rents) for which the sheriff used to pay rent to the king.
Vicount	See Viscount.
Victim	A living being sacrificed to some deity, or in the performance of a religious rite; a creature immolated, or made an offering of.
Victim	A person or thing destroyed or sacrificed in the pursuit of an object, or in gratification of a passion; as, a victim to jealousy, lust, or ambition.
Victim	A person or living creature destroyed by, or suffering grievous injury from, another, from fortune or from accident; as, the victim of a defaulter; the victim of a railroad accident.
Victim	Hence, one who is duped, or cheated; a dupe; a gull.
Victimate	To make a victim of; to sacrifice; to immolate.
Victimized	of Victimize
Victimizing	of Victimize
Victimize	To make a victim of, esp. by deception; to dupe; to cheat.
Victor	The winner in a contest; one who gets the better of another in any struggle; esp., one who defeats an enemy in battle; a vanquisher; a conqueror; -- often followed by art, rarely by of.
Victor	A destroyer.
Victor	Victorious.
Victoress	A victress.
Victoria	A genus of aquatic plants named in honor of Queen Victoria.  The Victoria regia is a native of Guiana and Brazil. Its large, spreading leaves are often over five feet in diameter, and have a rim from three to five inches high; its immense rose-white flowers sometimes attain a diameter of nearly two feet.
Victoria	A kind of low four-wheeled pleasure carriage, with a calash top, designed for two persons and the driver who occupies a high seat in front.
Victoria	An asteroid discovered by Hind in 1850; -- called also Clio.
Victorian	Of or pertaining to the reign of Queen Victoria of England; as, the Victorian poets.
Victorine	A woman's fur tippet.
Victorious	Of or pertaining to victory, or a victor' being a victor; bringing or causing a victory; conquering; winning; triumphant; as, a victorious general; victorious troops; a victorious day.
Victories	of Victory
Victory	The defeat of an enemy in battle, or of an antagonist in any contest; a gaining of the superiority in any struggle or competition; conquest; triumph; -- the opposite of defeat.
Victress	A woman who wins a victory; a female victor.
Victrice	A victress.
Victrix	Victress.
Victual	Food; -- now used chiefly in the plural.  See Victuals.
Victual	Grain of any kind.
Victualed	of Victual
Victualled	of Victual
Victualing	of Victual
Victualling	of Victual
Victual	To supply with provisions for subsistence; to provide with food; to store with sustenance; as, to victual an army; to victual a ship.
Victualage	Victuals; food.
Victualer	One who furnishes victuals.
Victualer	One who keeps a house of entertainment; a tavern keeper; an innkeeper.
Victualer	A vessel employed to carry provisions, usually for military or naval use; a provision use; a provision ship.
Victualer	One who deals in grain; a corn factor.
Victualing	Of or pertaining to victuals, or provisions; supplying provisions; as, a victualing ship.
Victuals	Food for human beings, esp. when it is cooked or prepared for the table; that which supports human life; provisions; sustenance; meat; viands.
Victus	Food; diet.
Vicua	Alt. of Vicugna
Vicugna	A South American mammal (Auchenia vicunna) native of the elevated plains of the Andes, allied to the llama but smaller. It has a thick coat of very fine reddish brown wool, and long, pendent white hair on the breast and belly. It is hunted for its wool and flesh.
Vida finch	The whidah bird.
Vidame	One of a class of temporal officers who originally represented the bishops, but later erected their offices into fiefs, and became feudal nobles.
Vide	imperative sing. of L. videre, to see; -- used to direct attention to something; as, vide supra, see above.
Videlicet	To wit; namely; -- often abbreviated to viz.
Vidette	Same Vedette.
Vidonia	A dry white wine, of a tart flavor, produced in Teneriffe; -- called also Teneriffe.
Viduage	The state of widows or of widowhood; also, widows, collectively.
Vidual	Of or pertaining to the state of a widow; widowed.
Viduation	The state of being widowed or bereaved; loss; bereavement.
Viduity	Widowhood.
Vied	of Vie
Vying	of Vie
Vie	To stake a sum upon a hand of cards, as in the old game of gleek.  See Revie.
Vie	To strive for superiority; to contend; to use emulous effort, as in a race, contest, or competition.
Vie	To stake; to wager.
Vie	To do or produce in emulation, competition, or rivalry; to put in competition; to bandy.
Vie	A contest for superiority; competition; rivalry; strife; also, a challenge; a wager.
Vielle	An old stringed instrument played upon with a wheel; a hurdy-gurdy.
Vienna paste	A caustic application made up of equal parts of caustic potash and quicklime; -- called also Vienna caustic.
Viennese	Of or pertaining to Vienna, or people of Vienna.
Viennese	An inhabitant, or the inhabitants, of Vienna.
View	The act of seeing or beholding; sight; look; survey; examination by the eye; inspection.
View	Mental survey; intellectual perception or examination; as, a just view of the arguments or facts in a case.
View	Power of seeing, either physically or mentally; reach or range of sight; extent of prospect.
View	That which is seen or beheld; sight presented to the natural or intellectual eye; scene; prospect; as, the view from a window.
View	The pictorial representation of a scene; a sketch, /ither drawn or painted; as, a fine view of Lake George.
View	Mode of looking at anything; manner of apprehension; conception; opinion; judgment; as, to state one's views of the policy which ought to be pursued.
View	That which is looked towards, or kept in sight, as object, aim, intention, purpose, design; as, he did it with a view of escaping.
View	Appearance; show; aspect.
Viewed	of View
Viewing	of View
View	To see; to behold; especially, to look at with attention, or for the purpose of examining; to examine with the eye; to inspect; to explore.
View	To survey or examine mentally; to consider; as, to view the subject in all its aspects.
Viewer	One who views or examines.
Viewer	A person appointed to inspect highways, fences, or the like, and to report upon the same.
Viewer	The superintendent of a coal mine.
Viewiness	The quality or state of being viewy, or of having unpractical views.
Viewless	Not perceivable by the eye; invisible; unseen.
Viewly	Alt. of Viewsome
Viewsome	Pleasing to the sight; sightly.
Viewy	Having peculiar views; fanciful; visionary; unpractical; as, a viewy person.
Viewy	Spectacular; pleasing to the eye or the imagination.
Vifda	In the Orkney and Shetland Islands, beef and mutton hung and dried, but not salted.
Vigesimal	Twentieth; divided into, or consisting of, twenties or twenty parts.
Vigesimation	The act of putting to death every twentieth man.
Vigesimo-quarto	Having twenty-four leaves to a sheet; as, a vigesimo-quarto form, book, leaf, size, etc.
-tos	of Vigesimo-quarto
Vigesimo-quarto	A book composed of sheets each of which is folded into twenty-four leaves; hence, indicating more or less definitely a size of book so made; -- usually written 24mo, or 24.
Vigil	Abstinence from sleep, whether at a time when sleep is customary or not; the act of keeping awake, or the state of being awake, or the state of being awake; sleeplessness; wakefulness; watch.
Vigil	Hence, devotional watching; waking for prayer, or other religious exercises.
Vigil	Originally, the watch kept on the night before a feast.
Vigil	Later, the day and the night preceding a feast.
Vigil	A religious service performed in the evening preceding a feast.
Vigilance	The quality or state of being vigilant; forbearance of sleep; wakefulness.
Vigilance	Watchfulness in respect of danger; care; caution; circumspection.
Vigilance	Guard; watch.
Vigilancy	Vigilance.
Vigilant	Attentive to discover and avoid danger, or to provide for safety; wakeful; watchful; circumspect; wary.
Vigilantly	In a vigilant manner.
Vigily	A vigil.
Vigintivirate	The office of the vigintiviri, a body of officers of government consisting of twenty men; also, the vigintiviri.
Vignette	A running ornament consisting of leaves and tendrils, used in Gothic architecture.
Vignette	A decorative design, originally representing vine branches or tendrils, at the head of a chapter, of a manuscript or printed book, or in a similar position; hence, by extension, any small picture in a book; hence, also, as such pictures are often without a definite bounding line, any picture, as an engraving, a photograph, or the like, which vanishes gradually at the edge.
Vignette	To make, as an engraving or a photograph, with a border or edge insensibly fading away.
Vigonia	Of or pertaining to the vicu/a; characterizing the vicu/a; -- said of the wool of that animal, used in felting hats, and for other purposes.
Vigor	Active strength or force of body or mind; capacity for exertion, physically, intellectually, or morally; force; energy.
Vigor	Strength or force in animal or force in animal or vegetable nature or action; as, a plant grows with vigor.
Vigor	Strength; efficacy; potency.
Vigor	To invigorate.
Vigorite	An explosive containing nitroglycerin. It is used in blasting.
Vigoroso	Vigorous; energetic; with energy; -- a direction to perform a passage with energy and force.
Vigorous	Possessing vigor; full of physical or mental strength or active force; strong; lusty; robust; as, a vigorous youth; a vigorous plant.
Vigorous	Exhibiting strength, either of body or mind; powerful; strong; forcible; energetic; as, vigorous exertions; a vigorous prosecution of a war.
Viking	One belonging to the pirate crews from among the Northmen, who plundered the coasts of Europe in the eighth, ninth, and tenth centuries.
Vilany	Villainy.
Vilayet	One of the chief administrative divisions or provinces of the Ottoman Empire; -- formerly called eyalet.
Vild	Vile.
Vile	Low; base; worthless; mean; despicable.
Vile	Morally base or impure; depraved by sin; hateful; in the sight of God and men; sinful; wicked; bad.
Viled	Abusive; scurrilous; defamatory; vile.
Vileyns	Villainous.
Vilification	The act of vilifying or defaming; abuse.
Vilifier	One who vilifies or defames.
Vilified	of Vilify
Vilifying	of Vilify
Vilify	To make vile; to debase; to degrade; to disgrace.
Vilify	To degrade or debase by report; to defame; to traduce; to calumniate.
Vilify	To treat as vile; to despise.
Vilipend	To value lightly; to depreciate; to slight; to despise.
Vilipendency	Disesteem; slight; disparagement.
Vility	Vileness; baseness.
Vill	A small collection of houses; a village.
Villas	of Villa
Villa	A country seat; a country or suburban residence of some pretensions to elegance.
Village	A small assemblage of houses in the country, less than a town or city.
Villager	An inhabitant of a village.
Villagery	Villages; a district of villages.
Villain	One who holds lands by a base, or servile, tenure, or in villenage; a feudal tenant of the lowest class, a bondman or servant.
Villain	A baseborn or clownish person; a boor.
Villain	A vile, wicked person; a man extremely depraved, and capable or guilty of great crimes; a deliberate scoundrel; a knave; a rascal; a scamp.
Villain	Villainous.
Villain	To debase; to degrade.
Villainous	Base; vile; mean; depraved; as, a villainous person or wretch.
Villainous	Proceeding from, or showing, extreme depravity; suited to a villain; as, a villainous action.
Villainous	Sorry; mean; mischievous; -- in a familiar sense.
Villainies	of Villainy
Villainy	The quality or state of being a villain, or villainous; extreme depravity; atrocious wickedness; as, the villainy of the seducer.
Villainy	Abusive, reproachful language; discourteous speech; foul talk.
Villainy	The act of a villain; a deed of deep depravity; a crime.
Villakin	A little villa.
Villan	A villain.
Villanage	The state of a villain, or serf; base servitude; tenure on condition of doing the meanest services for the lord.
Villanage	Baseness; infamy; villainy.
Villanel	A ballad.
Villanelle	of Villanella
Villanella	An old rustic dance, accompanied with singing.
Villanelle	A poem written in tercets with but two rhymes, the first and third verse of the first stanza alternating as the third verse in each successive stanza and forming a couplet at the close.
Villanette	A small villa.
Villanized	of Villanize
Villanizing	of Villanize
Villanize	To make vile; to debase; to degrade; to revile.
Villanizer	One who villanizes.
Villanous	Alt. of Villanousness
Villanously	Alt. of Villanousness
Villanousness	See Villainous, etc.
Villany	See Villainy.
Villatic	Of or pertaining to a farm or a village; rural.
Villein	See Villain, 1.
Villenage	Villanage.
Villenous	Of or pertaining to a villein.
Villi	pl. of Villus.
Villiform	Having the form or appearance of villi; like close-set fibers, either hard or soft; as, the teeth of perch are villiform.
Villose	See Villous.
Villosity	State of being villous.
Villosity	A coating of long, slender hairs.
Villosity	A villus.
Villous	Abounding in, or covered with, fine hairs, or a woolly substance; shaggy with soft hairs; nappy.
Villous	Furnished or clothed with villi.
Villi	of Villus
Villus	One of the minute papillary processes on certain vascular membranes; a villosity; as, villi cover the lining of the small intestines of many animals and serve to increase the absorbing surface.
Villus	Fine hairs on plants, resembling the pile of velvet.
Vim	Power; force; energy; spirit; activity; vigor.
Vimen	A long, slender, flexible shoot or branch.
Viminal	Of or pertaining to twigs; consisting of twigs; producing twigs.
Vimineous	Of or pertaining to twigs; made of pliant twigs.
Vimineous	Producing long, slender twigs or shoots.
Vinaceous	Belonging to, or like, wine or grapes.
Vinaceous	Of the color of wine, especially of red wine.
Vinaigrette	A sauce, made of vinegar, oil, and other ingredients, -- used esp. for cold meats.
Vinaigrette	A small perforated box for holding aromatic vinegar contained in a sponge, or a smelling bottle for smelling salts; -- called also vinegarette.
Vinaigrette	A small, two-wheeled vehicle, like a Bath chair, to be drawn or pushed by a boy or man.
Vinagrous	Resembling vinegar; sour.
Vinagrous	Fig.: Unamiable; morose.
Vinasse	The waste liquor remaining in the process of making beet sugar, -- used in the manufacture of potassium carbonate.
Vinatico	Madeira mahogany; the coarse, dark-colored wood of the Persea Indica.
Vincentian	Of or pertaining to Saint Vincent de Paul, or founded by him.
Vincentian	Same as Lazarist.
Vincentian	A member of certain charitable sisterhoods.
Vincetoxin	A glucoside extracted from the root of the white swallowwort (Vincetoxicum officinale, a plant of the Asclepias family) as a bitter yellow amorphous substance; -- called also asclepiadin, and cynanchin.
Vincibility	The quality or state of being vincible, vincibleness.
Vincible	Capable of being overcome or subdued; conquerable.
Vincibleness	The quality or state of being vincible.
Vincture	A binding.
Vincula	of Vinculum
Vinculums	of Vinculum
Vinculum	A bond of union; a tie.
Vinculum	A straight, horizontal mark placed over two or more members of a compound quantity, which are to be subjected to the same operation, as in the expression x2 + y2 - x + y.
Vinculum	A band or bundle of fibers; a fraenum.
Vinculum	A commissure uniting the two main tendons in the foot of certain birds.
Vindemial	Of or pertaining to a vintage, or grape harvest.
Vindemiate	To gather the vintage.
Vindemiation	The operation of gathering grapes.
Vindicable	Capable of being vindicated.
Vindicated	of Vindicate
Vindicating	of Vindicate
Vindicate	To lay claim to; to assert a right to; to claim.
Vindicate	To maintain or defend with success; to prove to be valid; to assert convincingly; to sustain against assault; as, to vindicate a right, claim, or title.
Vindicate	To support or maintain as true or correct, against denial, censure, or objections; to defend; to justify.
Vindicate	To maintain, as a law or a cause, by overthrowing enemies.
Vindicate	To liberate; to set free; to deliver.
Vindicate	To avenge; to punish; as, a war to vindicate or punish infidelity.
Vindication	The act of vindicating, or the state of being vindicated; defense; justification against denial or censure; as, the vindication of opinions; his vindication is complete.
Vindication	The claiming a thing as one's own; the asserting of a right or title in, or to, a thing.
Vindicative	Tending to vindicate; vindicating; as, a vindicative policy.
Vindicative	Revengeful; vindictive.
Vindicator	One who vindicates; one who justifies or maintains.
Vindicatory	Tending or serving to vindicate or justify; justificatory; vindicative.
Vindicatory	Inflicting punishment; avenging; punitory.
Vindictive	Disposed to revenge; prompted or characterized by revenge; revengeful.
Vindictive	Punitive.
Vine	Any woody climbing plant which bears grapes.
Vine	Hence, a climbing or trailing plant; the long, slender stem of any plant that trails on the ground, or climbs by winding round a fixed object, or by seizing anything with its tendrils, or claspers; a creeper; as, the hop vine; the bean vine; the vines of melons, squashes, pumpkins, and other cucurbitaceous plants.
Vineal	Of or pertaining to vines; containing vines.
Vine-clad	Covered with vines.
Vined	Having leaves like those of the vine; ornamented with vine leaves.
Vinedresser	One who cultivates, prunes, or cares for, grapevines; a laborer in a vineyard.
Vinegar	A sour liquid used as a condiment, or as a preservative, and obtained by the spontaneous (acetous) fermentation, or by the artificial oxidation, of wine, cider, beer, or the like.
Vinegar	Hence, anything sour; -- used also metaphorically.
Vinegar	To convert into vinegar; to make like vinegar; to render sour or sharp.
Vinegarette	See Vinaigrette, n., 2.
Vinegary	Having the nature of vinegar; sour; unamiable.
Viner	A vinedresser.
Vinery	A vineyard.
Vinery	A structure, usually inclosed with glass, for rearing and protecting vines; a grapery.
Vinette	A sprig or branch.
Vinewed	Same as Vinnewed.
Vineyard	An inclosure or yard for grapevines; a plantation of vines producing grapes.
Vineyardist	One who cultivates a vineyard.
Vingt et un	A game at cards, played by two or more persons. The fortune of each player depends upon obtaining from the dealer such cards that the sum of their pips, or spots, is twenty-one, or a number near to it.
Vingtun	Contraction for Vingt et un.
Vinic	Of or pertaining to wine; as, vinic alcohol.
Viniculture	The cultivation of the vine, esp. for making wine; viticulture.
Vinnewed	Moldy; musty.
Vinny	Vinnewed.
Vinolency	Drunkennes.
Vinolent	Given to wine; drunken; intemperate.
Vinometer	An instrument for determining the strength or purity of wine by measuring its density.
Vin ordinaire	A cheap claret, used as a table wine in France.
Vinose	Vinous.
Vinosity	The quality or state of being vinous.
Vinous	Of or pertaining to wine; having the qualities of wine; as, a vinous taste.
Vinquish	See Vanquish, n.
Vintage	The produce of the vine for one season, in grapes or in wine; as, the vintage is abundant; the vintage of 1840.
Vintage	The act or time of gathering the crop of grapes, or making the wine for a season.
Vintager	One who gathers the vintage.
Vintaging	The act of gathering the vintage, or crop of grapes.
Vintner	One who deals in wine; a wine seller, or wine merchant.
Vintry	A place where wine is sold.
Viny	Of or pertaining to vines; producing, or abounding in, vines.
Vinyl	The hypothetical radical C2H3, regarded as the characteristic residue of ethylene and that related series of unsaturated hydrocarbons with which the allyl compounds are homologous.
Viol	A stringed musical instrument formerly in use, of the same form as the violin, but larger, and having six strings, to be struck with a bow, and the neck furnished with frets for stopping the strings.
Viol	A large rope sometimes used in weighing anchor.
Viola	A genus of polypetalous herbaceous plants, including all kinds of violets.
Viola	An instrument in form and use resembling the violin, but larger, and a fifth lower in compass.
Violable	Capable of being violated, broken, or injured.
Violaceous	Resembling violets in color; bluish purple.
Violaceous	Of or pertaining to a natural order of plants, of which the violet is the type. It contains about twenty genera and two hundred and fifty species.
Violaniline	A dyestuff of the induline group, made from aniline, and used as a substitute for indigo in dyeing wool and silk a violet-blue or a gray-blue color.
Violantin	A complex nitrogenous substance, produced as a yellow crystalline substance, and regarded as a complex derivative of barbituric acid.
Violaquercitrin	A yellow crystalline glucoside obtained from the pansy (Viola tricolor), and decomposing into glucose and quercitrin.
Violascent	Violescent.
Violates	of Violate
Violating	of Violate
Violate	To treat in a violent manner; to abuse.
Violate	To do violence to, as to anything that should be held sacred or respected; to profane; to desecrate; to break forcibly; to trench upon; to infringe.
Violate	To disturb; to interrupt.
Violate	To commit rape on; to ravish; to outrage.
Violation	The act of violating, treating with violence, or injuring; the state of being violated.
Violation	Infringement; transgression; nonobservance; as, the violation of law or positive command, of covenants, promises, etc.
Violation	An act of irreverence or desecration; profanation or contemptuous treatment of sacred things; as, the violation of a church.
Violation	Interruption, as of sleep or peace; disturbance.
Violation	Ravishment; rape; outrage.
Violative	Violating, or tending to violate.
Violator	One who violates; an infringer; a profaner; a ravisher.
Viole	A vial.
Violence	The quality or state of being violent; highly excited action, whether physical or moral; vehemence; impetuosity; force.
Violence	Injury done to that which is entitled to respect, reverence, or observance; profanation; infringement; unjust force; outrage; assault.
Violence	Ravishment; rape; constupration.
Violence	To assault; to injure; also, to bring by violence; to compel.
Violent	Moving or acting with physical strength; urged or impelled with force; excited by strong feeling or passion; forcible; vehement; impetuous; fierce; furious; severe; as, a violent blow; the violent attack of a disease.
Violent	Acting, characterized, or produced by unjust or improper force; outrageous; unauthorized; as, a violent attack on the right of free speech.
Violent	Produced or effected by force; not spontaneous; unnatural; abnormal.
Violent	An assailant.
Violent	To urge with violence.
Violent	To be violent; to act violently.
Violently	In a violent manner.
Violescent	Tending to a violet color; violascent.
Violet	Any plant or flower of the genus Viola, of many species.  The violets are generally low, herbaceous plants, and the flowers of many of the species are blue, while others are white or yellow, or of several colors, as the pansy (Viola tricolor).
Violet	The color of a violet, or that part of the spectrum farthest from red. It is the most refrangible part of the spectrum.
Violet	In art, a color produced by a combination of red and blue in equal proportions; a bluish purple color.
Violet	Any one of numerous species of small violet-colored butterflies belonging to Lycaena, or Rusticus, and allied genera.
Violet	Dark blue, inclining to red; bluish purple; having a color produced by red and blue combined.
Violet-tip	A very handsome American butterfly (Polygonia interrogationis).  Its wings are mottled with various shades of red and brown and have violet tips.
Violin	A small instrument with four strings, played with a bow; a fiddle.
Violine	A pale yellow amorphous substance of alkaloidal nature and emetic properties, said to have been extracted from the root and foliage of the violet (Viola).
Violine	Mauve aniline.  See under Mauve.
Violinist	A player on the violin.
Violist	A player on the viol.
Violoncellist	A player on the violoncello.
Violoncello	A stringed instrument of music; a bass viol of four strings, or a bass violin with long, large strings, giving sounds an octave lower than the viola, or tenor or alto violin.
Violone	The largest instrument of the bass-viol kind, having strings tuned an octave below those of the violoncello; the contrabasso; -- called also double bass.
Violous	Violent.
Violuric	Of, pertaining to, or designating, a complex nitroso derivative of barbituric acid. It is obtained as a white or yellow crystalline substance, and forms characteristic yellow, blue, and violet salts.
Viper	Any one of numerous species of Old World venomous makes belonging to Vipera, Clotho, Daboia, and other genera of the family Viperidae.
Viper	A dangerous, treacherous, or malignant person.
Viperina	See Viperoidea.
Viperine	Of or pertaining to a viper or vipers; resembling a viper.
Viperish	Somewhat like a viper; viperous.
Viperoidea	Alt. of Viperoides
Viperoides	A division of serpents which includes the true vipers of the Old World and the rattlesnakes and moccasin snakes of America; -- called also Viperina.
Viperous	Having the qualities of a viper; malignant; venomous; as, a viperous tongue.
Viraginian	Of or pertaining to a virago; having the qualities of a virago.
Viraginity	The qualities or characteristics of a virago.
Viragoes	of Virago
Virago	A woman of extraordinary stature, strength, and courage; a woman who has the robust body and masculine mind of a man; a female warrior.
Virago	Hence, a mannish woman; a bold, turbulent woman; a termagant; a vixen.
Vire	An arrow, having a rotary motion, formerly used with the crossbow.  Cf. Vireton.
Virelay	An ancient French song, or short poem, wholly in two rhymes, and composed in short lines, with a refrain.
Virent	Green; not withered.
Vireo	Any one of numerous species of American singing birds belonging to Vireo and allied genera of the family Vireonidae. In many of the species the back is greenish, or olive-colored.  Called also greenlet.
Virescence	The act or state of becoming green through the formation of chlorophyll.
Virescent	Beginning to be green; slightly green; greenish.
Vireton	An arrow or bolt for a crossbow having feathers or brass placed at an angle with the shaft to make it spin in flying.
Virgalieu	A valuable kind of pear, of an obovate shape and with melting flesh of delicious flavor; -- more properly called White Doyenne.
Virgate	Having the form of a straight rod; wand-shaped; straight and slender.
Virgate	A yardland, or measure of land varying from fifteen to forty acres.
Virgated	Striped; streaked.
Virge	A wand.  See Verge.
Virger	See Verger.
Virgilian	Of or pertaining to Virgil, the Roman poet; resembling the style of Virgil.
Virgin	A woman who has had no carnal knowledge of man; a maid.
Virgin	A person of the male sex who has not known sexual indulgence.
Virgin	See Virgo.
Virgin	Any one of several species of gossamer-winged butterflies of the family Lycaenidae.
Virgin	A female insect producing eggs from which young are hatched, though there has been no fecundation by a male; a parthenogenetic insect.
Virgin	Being a virgin; chaste; of or pertaining to a virgin; becoming a virgin; maidenly; modest; indicating modesty; as, a virgin blush.
Virgin	Pure; undefiled; unmixed; fresh; new; as, virgin soil; virgin gold.
Virgin	Not yet pregnant; impregnant.
Virgin	To act the virgin; to be or keep chaste; -- followed by it.  See It, 5.
Virginal	Of or pertaining to a virgin; becoming a virgin; maidenly.
Virginal	An instrument somewhat resembling the spinet, but having a rectangular form, like the small piano. It had strings and keys, but only one wire to a note. The instrument was used in the sixteenth century, but is now wholly obsolete. It was sometimes called a pair of virginals.
Virginal	To play with the fingers, as if on a virginal; to tap or pat.
Virginhood	Virginity; maidenhood.
Virginia	One of the States of the United States of America.
Virginia	Of or pertaining to the State of Virginia.
Virginity	The quality or state of being a virgin; undefiled purity or chastity; maidenhood.
Virginity	The unmarried life; celibacy.
Virgo	A sign of the zodiac which the sun enters about the 21st of August, marked thus [/] in almanacs.
Virgo	A constellation of the zodiac, now occupying chiefly the sign Libra, and containing the bright star Spica.
Virgouleuse	An old French variety of pear, of little value.
Virgularian	Any one of numerous species of long, slender Alcyonaria belonging to Virgularia and allied genera of the family Virgularidae. These corals are allied to the sea-pens, but have a long rodlike rhachis inclosing a slender, round or square, calcareous axis. The polyps are arranged in transverse rows or clusters along each side of the rhachis.
Virgulate	Shaped like a little twig or rod.
Virgule	A comma.
Virial	A certain function relating to a system of forces and their points of application, -- first used by Clausius in the investigation of problems in molecular physics.
Virid	Green.
Viridescence	Quality or state of being viridescent.
Viridescent	Slightly green; greenish.
Viridine	A greenish, oily, nitrogenous hydrocarbon, C12H19N7, obtained from coal tar, and probably consisting of a mixture of several metameric compounds which are higher derivatives of the base pyridine.
Viridite	A greenish chloritic mineral common in certain igneous rocks, as diabase, as a result of alternation.
Viridity	Greenness; verdure; the color of grass and foliage.
Viridity	Freshness; soundness.
Viridness	Viridity; greenness.
Virile	Having the nature, properties, or qualities, of an adult man; characteristic of developed manhood; hence, masterful; forceful; specifically, capable of begetting; -- opposed to womanly, feminine, and puerile; as, virile age, virile power, virile organs.
Virility	The quality or state of being virile; developed manhood; manliness; specif., the power of procreation; as, exhaustion.
Viripotent	Developed in manhood; hence, able to beget; marriageable.
Virmilion	See Vermilion.
Virole	A ring surrounding a bugle or hunting horn.
Viroled	Furnished with a virole or viroles; -- said of a horn or a bugle when the rings are of different tincture from the rest of the horn.
Virose	Having a nauseous odor; fetid; poisonous.
Virtu	A love of the fine arts; a taste for curiosities.
Virtual	Having the power of acting or of invisible efficacy without the agency of the material or sensible part; potential; energizing.
Virtual	Being in essence or effect, not in fact; as, the virtual presence of a man in his agent or substitute.
Virtuality	The quality or state of being virtual.
Virtuality	Potentiality; efficacy; potential existence.
Virtually	In a virtual manner; in efficacy or effect only, and not actually; to all intents and purposes; practically.
Virtuate	To make efficacious; to give virtue of efficacy.
Virtue	Manly strength or courage; bravery; daring; spirit; valor.
Virtue	Active quality or power; capacity or power adequate to the production of a given effect; energy; strength; potency; efficacy; as, the virtue of a medicine.
Virtue	Energy or influence operating without contact of the material or sensible substance.
Virtue	Excellence; value; merit; meritoriousness; worth.
Virtue	Specifically, moral excellence; integrity of character; purity of soul; performance of duty.
Virtue	A particular moral excellence; as, the virtue of temperance, of charity, etc.
Virtue	Specifically: Chastity; purity; especially, the chastity of women; virginity.
Virtue	One of the orders of the celestial hierarchy.
Virtueless	Destitute of virtue; without efficacy or operating qualities; powerless.
Virtuosity	The quality or state of being a virtuoso; in a bad sense, the character of one in whom mere artistic feeling or aesthetic cultivation takes the place of religious character; sentimentalism.
Virtuosity	Virtuosos, collectively.
Virtuosity	An art or study affected by virtuosos.
Virtuosos	of Virtuoso
Virtuosi	of Virtuoso
Virtuoso	One devoted to virtu; one skilled in the fine arts, in antiquities, and the like; a collector or ardent admirer of curiosities, etc.
Virtuoso	A performer on some instrument, as the violin or the piano, who excels in the technical part of his art; a brilliant concert player.
Virtuosoship	The condition, pursuits, or occupation of a virtuoso.
Virtuous	Possessing or exhibiting virtue.
Virtuous	Exhibiting manly courage and strength; valorous; valiant; brave.
Virtuous	Having power or efficacy; powerfully operative; efficacious; potent.
Virtuous	Having moral excellence; characterized by morality; upright; righteous; pure; as, a virtuous action.
Virtuous	Chaste; pure; -- applied especially to women.
Virulence	Alt. of Virulency
Virulency	The quality or state of being virulent or venomous; poisonousness; malignancy.
Virulency	Extreme bitterness or malignity of disposition.
Virulent	Extremely poisonous or venomous; very active in doing injury.
Virulent	Very bitter in enmity; actuated by a desire to injure; malignant; as, a virulent invective.
Virulented	Made virulent; poisoned.
Virulently	In a virulent manner.
Virus	Contagious or poisonous matter, as of specific ulcers, the bite of snakes, etc.; -- applied to organic poisons.
Virus	The special contagion, inappreciable to the senses and acting in exceedingly minute quantities, by which a disease is introduced into the organism and maintained there.
Virus	Fig.: Any morbid corrupting quality in intellectual or moral conditions; something that poisons the mind or the soul; as, the virus of obscene books.
Vis	Force; power.
Vis	Physical force.
Vis	Moral power.
Visa	See Vis/.
Visaed	of Visa
Visaing	of Visa
Visa	To indorse, after examination, with the word vise, as a passport; to vise.
Visage	The face, countenance, or look of a person or an animal; -- chiefly applied to the human face.
Visage	To face.
Visaged	Having a visage.
Visard	A mask.  See Visor.
Visard	To mask.
Vis-a-vis	One who, or that which, is face to face with another; esp., one who faces another in dancing.
Vis-a-vis	A carriage in which two persons sit face to face.  Also, a form of sofa with seats for two persons, so arranged that the occupants are face to face while sitting on opposite sides.
Vis-a-vis	Face to face.
Viscacha	Alt. of Viz-cacha
Viz-cacha	A large burrowing South American rodent (Lagostomus trichodactylus) allied to the chinchillas, but much larger. Its fur is soft and rather long, mottled gray above, white or yellowish white beneath. There is a white band across the muzzle, and a dark band on each cheek. It inhabits grassy plains, and is noted for its extensive burrows and for heaping up miscellaneous articles at the mouth of its burrows. Called also biscacha, bizcacha, vischacha, vishatscha.
Viscera	pl. of Viscus.
Visceral	Of or pertaining to the viscera; splanchnic.
Visceral	Fig.: Having deep sensibility.
Viscerated	of Viscerate
Viscerating	of Viscerate
Viscerate	To deprive of the viscera, or entrails; to eviscerate; to disembowel.
Visceroskeletal	Of or pertaining to the framework, or skeleton, or skeleton, of the viscera; as, the visceroskeletal system of muscles.
Viscid	Sticking or adhering, and having a ropy or glutinous consistency; viscous; glutinous; sticky; tenacious; clammy; as, turpentine, tar, gums, etc., are more or less viscid.
Viscidity	The quality or state of being viscid; also, that which is viscid; glutinous concretion; stickiness.
Viscin	A clear, viscous, tasteless substance extracted from the mucilaginous sap of the mistletoe (Viscum album), holly, etc., and constituting an essential ingredient of birdlime.
Viscoidal	Somewhat viscous.  Cf. Mobile, a., 2.
Viscosimeter	An instrument for measuring the degree of viscosity of liquids, as solutions of gum.
Viscosity	The quality or state of being viscous.
Viscosity	A quality analogous to that of a viscous fluid, supposed to be caused by internal friction, especially in the case of gases.
Viscount	An officer who formerly supplied the place of the count, or earl; the sheriff of the county.
Viscount	A nobleman of the fourth rank, next in order below an earl and next above a baron; also, his degree or title of nobility.  See Peer, n., 3.
Viscountcy	The dignity or jurisdiction of a viscount.
Viscountess	The wife of a viscount.
Viscountship	Alt. of Viscounty
Viscounty	The quality, rank, or office of a viscount.
Viscous	Adhesive or sticky, and having a ropy or glutinous consistency; viscid; glutinous; clammy; tenacious; as, a viscous juice.
Viscum	A genus of parasitic shrubs, including the mistletoe of Europe.
Viscum	Birdlime, which is often made from the berries of the European mistletoe.
Viscera	of Viscus
Viscus	One of the organs, as the brain, heart, or stomach, in the great cavities of the body of an animal; -- especially used in the plural, and applied to the organs contained in the abdomen.
Vise	An instrument consisting of two jaws, closing by a screw, lever, cam, or the like, for holding work, as in filing.
Vise	An indorsement made on a passport by the proper authorities of certain countries on the continent of Europe, denoting that it has been examined, and that the person who bears it is permitted to proceed on his journey; a visa.
Viseed	of Vise
Viseing	of Vise
Vise	To examine and indorse, as a passport; to visa.
Vishnu	A divinity of the modern Hindu trimurti, or trinity. He is regarded as the preserver, while Brahma is the creator, and Siva the destroyer of the creation.
Visibility	The quality or state of being visible.
Visible	Perceivable by the eye; capable of being seen; perceptible; in view; as, a visible star; the least spot is visible on white paper.
Visible	Noticeable; apparent; open; conspicuous.
Visigoth	One of the West Goths.  See the Note under Goth.
Vision	The act of seeing external objects; actual sight.
Vision	The faculty of seeing; sight; one of the five senses, by which colors and the physical qualities of external objects are appreciated as a result of the stimulating action of light on the sensitive retina, an expansion of the optic nerve.
Vision	That which is seen; an object of sight.
Vision	Especially, that which is seen otherwise than by the ordinary sight, or the rational eye; a supernatural, prophetic, or imaginary sight; an apparition; a phantom; a specter; as, the visions of Isaiah.
Vision	Hence, something unreal or imaginary; a creation of fancy.
Visioned	of Vision
Visioning	of Vision
Vision	To see in a vision; to dream.
Visional	Of or pertaining to a vision.
Visionariness	The quality or state of being visionary.
Visionary	Of or pertaining to a visions or visions; characterized by, appropriate to, or favorable for, visions.
Visionary	Affected by phantoms; disposed to receive impressions on the imagination; given to reverie; apt to receive, and act upon, fancies as if they were realities.
Visionary	Existing in imagination only; not real; fanciful; imaginary; having no solid foundation; as, visionary prospect; a visionary scheme or project.
Visionaries	of Visionary
Visionary	One whose imagination is disturbed; one who sees visions or phantoms.
Visionary	One whose imagination overpowers his reason and controls his judgment; an unpractical schemer; one who builds castles in the air; a daydreamer.
Visioned	Having the power of seeing visions; inspired; also, seen in visions.
Visionist	A visionary.
Visionless	Destitute of vision; sightless.
Visited	of Visit
Visiting	of Visit
Visit	To go or come to see, as for the purpose of friendship, business, curiosity, etc.; to attend; to call upon; as, the physician visits his patient.
Visit	To go or come to see for inspection, examination, correction of abuses, etc.; to examine, to inspect; as, a bishop visits his diocese; a superintendent visits persons or works under his charge.
Visit	To come to for the purpose of chastising, rewarding, comforting; to come upon with reward or retribution; to appear before or judge; as, to visit in mercy; to visit one in wrath.
Visit	To make a visit or visits; to maintain visiting relations; to practice calling on others.
Visit	The act of visiting, or going to see a person or thing; a brief stay of business, friendship, ceremony, curiosity, or the like, usually longer than a call; as, a visit of civility or respect; a visit to Saratoga; the visit of a physician.
Visit	The act of going to view or inspect; an official or formal inspection; examination; visitation; as, the visit of a trustee or inspector.
Visitable	Liable or subject to be visited or inspected.
Visitant	One who visits; a guest; a visitor.
Visitant	Visiting.
Visitation	The act of visiting, or the state of being visited; access for inspection or examination.
Visitation	Specifically: The act of a superior or superintending officer who, in the discharge of his office, visits a corporation, college, etc., to examine into the manner in which it is conducted, and see that its laws and regulations are duly observed and executed; as, the visitation of a diocese by a bishop.
Visitation	The object of a visit.
Visitation	The act of a naval commander who visits, or enters on board, a vessel belonging to another nation, for the purpose of ascertaining her character and object, but without claiming or exercising a right of searching the vessel. It is, however, usually coupled with the right of search (see under Search), visitation being used for the purpose of search.
Visitation	Special dispensation; communication of divine favor and goodness, or, more usually, of divine wrath and vengeance; retributive calamity; retribution; judgment.
Visitation	A festival in honor of the visit of the Virgin Mary to Elisabeth, mother of John the Baptist, celebrated on the second of July.
Visitatorial	Of or pertaining to visitation, or a judicial visitor or superintendent; visitorial.
Visite	A light cape or short cloak of silk or lace worn by women in summer.
Visiter	A visitor.
Visiting	a. & vb. n. from Visit.
Visitor	One who visits; one who comes or goes to see another, as in civility or friendship.
Visitor	A superior, or a person lawfully appointed for the purpose, who makes formal visits of inspection to a corporation or an institution.  See Visit, v. t., 2, and Visitation, n., 2.
Visitorial	Same as Visitatorial.
Visive	Of or pertaining to the sight; visual.
Visne	Neighborhood; vicinity; venue.  See Venue.
Visnomy	Face; countenance.
Vison	The mink.
Visor	A part of a helmet, arranged so as to lift or open, and so show the face. The openings for seeing and breathing are generally in it.
Visor	A mask used to disfigure or disguise.
Visor	The fore piece of a cap, projecting over, and protecting the eyes.
Visored	Wearing a visor; masked.
Vistas	of Vista
Vista	A view; especially, a view through or between intervening objects, as trees; a view or prospect through an avenue, or the like; hence, the trees or other objects that form the avenue.
Visto	A vista; a prospect.
Visual	Of or pertaining to sight; used in sight; serving as the instrument of seeing; as, the visual nerve.
Visual	That can be seen; visible.
Visualize	To make visual, or visible; to see in fancy.
Vitaille	Food; victuals.
Vital	Belonging or relating to life, either animal or vegetable; as, vital energies; vital functions; vital actions.
Vital	Contributing to life; necessary to, or supporting, life; as, vital blood.
Vital	Containing life; living.
Vital	Being the seat of life; being that on which life depends; mortal.
Vital	Very necessary; highly important; essential.
Vital	Capable of living; in a state to live; viable.
Vital	A vital part; one of the vitals.
Vitalic	Pertaining to life; vital.
Vitalism	The doctrine that all the functions of a living organism are due to an unknown vital principle distinct from all chemical and physical forces.
Vitalist	A believer in the theory of vitalism; -- opposed to physicist.
Vitalistic	Pertaining to, or involving, vitalism, or the theory of a special vital principle.
Vitality	The quality or state of being vital; the principle of life; vital force; animation; as, the vitality of eggs or vegetable seeds; the vitality of an enterprise.
Vitalization	The act or process of vitalizing, or infusing the vital principle.
Vitalized	of Vitalize
Vitalizing	of Vitalize
Vitalize	To endow with life, or vitality; to give life to; to make alive; as, vitalized blood.
Vitally	In a vital manner.
Vitals	Organs that are necessary for life; more especially, the heart, lungs, and brain.
Vitals	Fig.: The part essential to the life or health of anything; as, the vitals of a state.
Vitellary	Vitelline.
Vitelligenous	Producing yolk, or vitelline substance; -- applied to certain cells (also called nutritive, or yolk, cells) formed in the ovaries of many insects, and supposed to supply nutriment to the developing ova.
Vitellin	An albuminous body, belonging to the class of globulins, obtained from yolk of egg, of which it is the chief proteid constituent, and from the seeds of many plants. From the latter it can be separated in crystalline form.
Vitelline	Of or pertaining to the yolk of eggs; as, the vitelline membrane, a smooth, transparent membrane surrounding the vitellus.
Vitellogene	A gland secreting the yolk of the eggs in trematodes, turbellarians, and some other helminths.
Vitellus	The contents or substance of the ovum; egg yolk.  See Illust. of Ovum.
Vitellus	Perisperm in an early condition.
Vitiated	of Vitiate
Vitiating	of Vitiate
Vitiate	To make vicious, faulty, or imperfect; to render defective; to injure the substance or qualities of; to impair; to contaminate; to spoil; as, exaggeration vitiates a style of writing; sewer gas vitiates the air.
Vitiate	To cause to fail of effect, either wholly or in part; to make void; to destroy, as the validity or binding force of an instrument or transaction; to annul; as, any undue influence exerted on a jury vitiates their verdict; fraud vitiates a contract.
Vitiation	The act of vitiating, or the state of being vitiated; depravation; corruption; invalidation; as, the vitiation of the blood; the vitiation of a contract.
Viticulose	Having long and slender trailing stems.
Viticultural	Of or pertaining to viticulture.
Viticulture	The cultivation of the vine; grape growing.
Viticulturist	One engaged in viticulture.
Vitiligo	A rare skin disease consisting in the development of smooth, milk-white spots upon various parts of the body.
Vitilitigate	To contend in law litigiously or cavilously.
Vitilitigation	Cavilous litigation; cavillation.
Vitiosity	Viciousness; depravity.
Vitious	Alt. of Vitiousness
Vitiously	Alt. of Vitiousness
Vitiousness	See Vicious, Viciously, Viciousness.
Vitis	A genus of plants including all true grapevines.
Vitoe	See Durukuli.
Vitrella	One of the transparent lenslike cells in the ocelli of certain arthropods.
Vitre-o-electic	Containing or exhibiting positive, or vitreous, electricity.
Vitreous	Consisting of, or resembling, glass; glassy; as, vitreous rocks.
Vitreous	Of or pertaining to glass; derived from glass; as, vitreous electricity.
Vitreousness	The quality or state of being vitreous.
Vitrescence	The quality or state of being vitreous; glassiness, or the quality of being vitrescent; capability of conversion into glass; susceptibility of being formed into glass.
Vitrescent	Capable of being formed into glass; tending to become glass.
Vitrescible	That may be vitrified; vitrifiable.
Vitric	Having the nature and qualities of glass; glasslike; -- distinguished from ceramic.
Vitrifaction	The act, art, or process of vitrifying; also, the state of being vitrified.
Vitrifacture	The manufacture of glass and glassware.
Vitrifiable	Capable of being vitrified, or converted into glass by heat and fusion; as, flint and alkalies are vitrifiable.
Vitrificable	Vitrifiable.
Vitrificate	To convert into glass; to vitrify.
Vitrification	Same as Vitrifaction.
Vitrified	Converted into glass.
Vitriform	Having the form or appearance of glass; resembling glass; glasslike.
Vitrified	of Vitrify
Vitrifying	of Vitrify
Vitrify	To convert into, or cause to resemble, glass or a glassy substance, by heat and fusion.
Vitrify	To become glass; to be converted into glass.
Vitrina	A genus of terrestrial gastropods, having transparent, very thin, and delicate shells, -- whence the name.
Vitriol	A sulphate of any one of certain metals, as copper, iron, zinc, cobalt. So called on account of the glassy appearance or luster.
Vitriol	Sulphuric acid; -- called also oil of vitriol. So called because first made by the distillation of green vitriol.  See Sulphuric acid, under Sulphuric.
Vitriolated	of Vitriolate
Vitriolating	of Vitriolate
Vitriolate	To convert into, or change to, a vitriol; to make into sulphuric acid or a sulphate.
Vitriolate	To subject to the action of, or impregnate with, vitriol.
Vitriolate	Vitriolated.
Vitriolate	A sulphate.
Vitriolated	Changed into a vitriol or a sulphate, or subjected to the action of sulphuric acid or of a sulphate; as, vitriolated potash, i. e., potassium sulphate.
Vitriolation	The act, process, or result of vitriolating.
Vitriolic	Of or pertaining to vitriol; derived from, or resembling, vitriol; vitriolous; as, a vitriolic taste.  Cf. Vitriol.
Vitriolizable	Capable of being converted into a vitriol.
Vitriolization	The act of vitriolizing, or the state of being vitriolized; vitriolation.
Vitriolize	To convert into a vitriol; to vitriolate.
Vitriolous	See Vitriolic.
Vitrite	A kind of glass which is very hard and difficult to fuse, used as an insulator in electrical lamps and other apparatus.
Vitruvian	Of or pertaining to Vitruvius, an ancient Roman architect.
Vittae	of Vitta
Vitta	One of the oil tubes in the fruit of umbelliferous plants.
Vitta	A band, or stripe, of color.
Vittate	Bearing or containing vittae.
Vittate	Striped longitudinally.
Vituline	Of or pertaining to a calf or veal.
Vituperable	Liable to, or deserving, vituperation, or severe censure.
Vituperate	To find fault with; to scold; to overwhelm with wordy abuse; to censure severely or abusively; to rate.
Vituperation	The act of vituperating; abuse; severe censure; blame.
Vituperative	Uttering or writing censure; containing, or characterized by, abuse; scolding; abusive.
Vituperator	One who vituperates, or censures abusively.
Vituperrious	Worthy of vituperation; shameful; disgraceful.
Vivace	Brisk; vivacious; with spirit; -- a direction to perform a passage in a brisk and lively manner.
Vivacious	Having vigorous powers of life; tenacious of life; long-lived.
Vivacious	Sprightly in temper or conduct; lively; merry; as, a vivacious poet.
Vivacious	Living through the winter, or from year to year; perennial.
Vivacity	The quality or state of being vivacious.
Vivacity	Tenacity of life; vital force; natural vigor.
Vivacity	Life; animation; spiritedness; liveliness; sprightliness; as, the vivacity of a discourse; a lady of great vivacity; vivacity of countenance.
Vivandiere	In Continental armies, especially in the French army, a woman accompanying a regiment, who sells provisions and liquor to the soldiers; a female sutler.
Vivariums	of Vivarium
Vivaria	of Vivarium
Vivarium	A place artificially arranged for keeping or raising living animals, as a park, a pond, an aquarium, a warren, etc.
Vivaries	of Vivary
Vivary	A vivarium.
Viva voce	By word of mouth; orally.
Vivda	See Vifda.
Vive	Long live, that is, success to; as, vive le roi, long live the king; vive la bagatelle, success to trifles or sport.
Vive	Lively; animated; forcible.
Vively	In a lively manner.
Vivency	Manner of supporting or continuing life or vegetation.
Viverra	A genus of carnivores which comprises the civets.
Viverrine	Of or pertaining to the Viverridae, or Civet family.
Vivers	Provisions; victuals.
Vives	A disease of brute animals, especially of horses, seated in the glands under the ear, where a tumor is formed which sometimes ends in suppuration.
Vivianite	A hydrous phosphate of iron of a blue to green color, growing darker on exposure. It occurs in monoclinic crystals, also fibrous, massive, and earthy.
Vivid	True to the life; exhibiting the appearance of life or freshness; animated; spirited; bright; strong; intense; as, vivid colors.
Vivid	Forming brilliant images, or painting in lively colors; lively; sprightly; as, a vivid imagination.
Vividity	The quality or state of being vivid; vividness.
Vivific	Alt. of Vivifical
Vivifical	Giving life; reviving; enlivening.
Vivificate	To give life to; to animate; to revive; to vivify.
Vivificate	To bring back a metal to the metallic form, as from an oxide or solution; to reduce.
Vivification	The act of vivifying, or the state of being vivified; restoration of life; revival.
Vivification	One of the changes of assimilation, in which proteid matter which has been transformed, and made a part of the tissue or tissue cells, is endowed with life, and thus enabled to manifest the phenomena of irritability, contractility, etc.
Vivification	The act or process of vivificating.
Vivificative	Able or tending to vivify, animate, or give life; vivifying.
Vivified	of Vivify
Vivifying	of Vivify
Vivify	To endue with life; to make to be living; to quicken; to animate.
Vivipara	An artificial division of vertebrates including those that produce their young alive; -- opposed to Ovipara.
Viviparity	The quality or condition of being viviparous.
Viviparous	Producing young in a living state, as most mammals, or as those plants the offspring of which are produced alive, either by bulbs instead of seeds, or by the seeds themselves germinating on the plant, instead of falling, as they usually do; -- opposed to oviparous.
Viviparously	In a viviparous manner.
Viviparousness	The quality of being viviparous; viviparity.
Vivisect	To perform vivisection upon; to dissect alive.
Vivisection	The dissection of an animal while alive, for the purpose of making physiological investigations.
Vivisectional	Of or pertaining to vivisection.
Vivisectionist	One who practices or advocates vivisection; a vivisector.
Vivisector	A vivisectionist.
Vixen	A female fox.
Vixen	A cross, ill-tempered person; -- formerly used of either sex, now only of a woman.
Vixenish	Of or pertaining to a vixen; resembling a vixen.
Vixenly	Like a vixen; vixenish.
Viz	To wit; that is; namely.
Vizard	A mask; a visor.
Vizarded	Wearing a vizard.
Vizcacha	Same as Viscacha.
Vizier	A councilor of state; a high executive officer in Turkey and other Oriental countries.
Vizierate	The office, dignity, or authority of a vizier.
Vizier-azem	A grand vizier.  See under Vizier.
Vizierial	Of, pertaining to, or issued by, a vizier.
Vizir	See Vizier.
Vizor	See Visor.
Vlissmaki	The diadem indris.  See Indris.
V moth	A common gray European moth (Halia vauaria) having a V-shaped spot of dark brown on each of the fore wings.
Vocable	A word; a term; a name; specifically, a word considered as composed of certain sounds or letters, without regard to its meaning.
Vocabularies	of Vocabulary
Vocabulary	A list or collection of words arranged in alphabetical order and explained; a dictionary or lexicon, either of a whole language, a single work or author, a branch of science, or the like; a word-book.
Vocabulary	A sum or stock of words employed.
Vocabulist	The writer or maker of a vocabulary; a lexicographer.
Vocal	Of or pertaining to the voice or speech; having voice; endowed with utterance; full of voice, or voices.
Vocal	Uttered or modulated by the voice; oral; as, vocal melody; vocal prayer.
Vocal	Of or pertaining to a vowel or voice sound; also, /poken with tone, intonation, and resonance; sonant; sonorous; -- said of certain articulate sounds.
Vocal	Consisting of, or characterized by, voice, or tone produced in the larynx, which may be modified, either by resonance, as in the case of the vowels, or by obstructive action, as in certain consonants, such as v, l, etc., or by both, as in the nasals m, n, ng; sonant; intonated; voiced.  See Voice, and Vowel, also Guide to Pronunciation, // 199-202.
Vocal	Of or pertaining to a vowel; having the character of a vowel; vowel.
Vocal	A vocal sound; specifically, a purely vocal element of speech, unmodified except by resonance; a vowel or a diphthong; a tonic element; a tonic; -- distinguished from a subvocal, and a nonvocal.
Vocal	A man who has a right to vote in certain elections.
Vocalic	Of or pertaining to vowel sounds; consisting of the vowel sounds.
Vocalism	The exercise of the vocal organs; vocalization.
Vocalism	A vocalic sound.
Vocalist	A singer, or vocal musician, as opposed to an instrumentalist.
Vocality	The quality or state of being vocal; utterableness; resonance; as, the vocality of the letters.
Vocality	The quality of being a vowel; vocalic character.
Vocalization	The act of vocalizing, or the state of being vocalized.
Vocalization	The formation and utterance of vocal sounds.
Vocalized	of Vocalize
Vocalizing	of Vocalize
Vocalize	To form into voice; to make vocal or sonant; to give intonation or resonance to.
Vocalize	To practice singing on the vowel sounds.
Vocally	In a vocal manner; with voice; orally; with audible sound.
Vocally	In words; verbally; as, to express desires vocally.
Vocalness	The quality of being vocal; vocality.
Vocation	A call; a summons; a citation; especially, a designation or appointment to a particular state, business, or profession.
Vocation	Destined or appropriate employment; calling; occupation; trade; business; profession.
Vocation	A calling by the will of God.
Vocation	The bestowment of God's distinguishing grace upon a person or nation, by which that person or nation is put in the way of salvation; as, the vocation of the Jews under the old dispensation, and of the Gentiles under the gospel.
Vocation	A call to special religious work, as to the ministry.
Vocative	Of or pertaining to calling; used in calling; specifically (Gram.), used in address; appellative; -- said of that case or form of the noun, pronoun, or adjective, in which a person or thing is addressed; as, Domine, O Lord.
Vocative	The vocative case.
Vociferance	Vociferation; noise; clamor.
Vociferant	Noisy; clamorous.
Vociferate	To cry out with vehemence; to exclaim; to bawl; to clamor.
Vociferated	of Vociferate
Vociferating	of Vociferate
Vociferate	To utter with a loud voice; to shout out.
Vociferation	The act of vociferating; violent outcry; vehement utterance of the voice.
Vociferator	One who vociferates, or is clamorous.
Vociferous	Making a loud outcry; clamorous; noisy; as, vociferous heralds.
Vocule	A short or weak utterance; a faint or feeble sound, as that heard on separating the lips in pronouncing p or b.
Vodanium	A supposed element, afterward found to be a mixture of several metals, as copper, iron, lead, nickel, etc.
Vodka	A Russian drink distilled from rye.
Voe	An inlet, bay, or creek; -- so called in the Orkney and Shetland Islands.
Vogle	Same as Vugg.
Vogue	The way or fashion of people at any particular time; temporary mode, custom, or practice; popular reception for the time; -- used now generally in the phrase in vogue.
Vogue	Influence; power; sway.
Voice	Sound uttered by the mouth, especially that uttered by human beings in speech or song; sound thus uttered considered as possessing some special quality or character; as, the human voice; a pleasant voice; a low voice.
Voice	Sound of the kind or quality heard in speech or song in the consonants b, v, d, etc., and in the vowels; sonant, or intonated, utterance; tone; -- distinguished from mere breath sound as heard in f, s, sh, etc., and also whisper.
Voice	The tone or sound emitted by anything.
Voice	The faculty or power of utterance; as, to cultivate the voice.
Voice	Language; words; speech; expression; signification of feeling or opinion.
Voice	Opinion or choice expressed; judgment; a vote.
Voice	Command; precept; -- now chiefly used in scriptural language.
Voice	One who speaks; a speaker.
Voice	A particular mode of inflecting or conjugating verbs, or a particular form of a verb, by means of which is indicated the relation of the subject of the verb to the action which the verb expresses.
Voiced	of Voice
Voicing	of Voice
Voice	To give utterance or expression to; to utter; to publish; to announce; to divulge; as, to voice the sentiments of the nation.
Voice	To utter with sonant or vocal tone; to pronounce with a narrowed glottis and rapid vibrations of the vocal cords; to speak above a whisper.
Voice	To fit for producing the proper sounds; to regulate the tone of; as, to voice the pipes of an organ.
Voice	To vote; to elect; to appoint.
Voice	To clamor; to cry out.
Voiced	Furnished with a voice; expressed by the voice.
Voiced	Uttered with voice; pronounced with vibrations of the vocal cords; sonant; -- said of a sound uttered with the glottis narrowed.
Voiceful	Having a voice or vocal quality; having a loud voice or many voices; vocal; sounding.
Voiceless	Having no voice, utterance, or vote; silent; mute; dumb.
Voiceless	Not sounded with voice; as, a voiceless consonant; surd.
Void	Containing nothing; empty; vacant; not occupied; not filled.
Void	Having no incumbent; unoccupied; -- said of offices and the like.
Void	Being without; destitute; free; wanting; devoid; as, void of learning, or of common use.
Void	Not producing any effect; ineffectual; vain.
Void	Containing no immaterial quality; destitute of mind or soul.
Void	Of no legal force or effect, incapable of confirmation or ratification; null.  Cf. Voidable, 2.
Void	An empty space; a vacuum.
Voided	of Void
Voiding	of Void
Void	To remove the contents of; to make or leave vacant or empty; to quit; to leave; as, to void a table.
Void	To throw or send out; to evacuate; to emit; to discharge; as, to void excrements.
Void	To render void; to make to be of no validity or effect; to vacate; to annul; to nullify.
Void	To be emitted or evacuated.
Voidable	Capable of being voided, or evacuated.
Voidable	Capable of being avoided, or of being adjudged void, invalid, and of no force; capable of being either avoided or confirmed.
Voidance	The act of voiding, emptying, ejecting, or evacuating.
Voidance	A ejection from a benefice.
Voidance	The state of being void; vacancy, as of a benefice which is without an incumbent.
Voidance	Evasion; subterfuge.
Voided	Emptied; evacuated.
Voided	Annulled; invalidated.
Voided	Having the inner part cut away, or left vacant, a narrow border being left at the sides, the tincture of the field being seen in the vacant space; -- said of a charge.
Voider	One who, or that which, voids, /mpties, vacates, or annuls.
Voider	A tray, or basket, formerly used to receive or convey that which is voided or cleared away from a given place; especially, one for carrying off the remains of a meal, as fragments of food; sometimes, a basket for containing household articles, as clothes, etc.
Voider	A servant whose business is to void, or clear away, a table after a meal.
Voider	One of the ordinaries, much like the flanch, but less rounded and therefore smaller.
Voiding	The act of one who, or that which, v/ids.
Voiding	That which is voided; that which is ejected or evacuated; a remnant; a fragment.
Voiding	Receiving what is ejected or voided.
Voidness	The quality or state of being void; /mptiness; vacuity; nullity; want of substantiality.
Voir dire	An oath administered to a witness, usually before being sworn in chief, requiring him to speak the truth, or make true answers in reference to matters inquired of, to ascertain his competency to give evidence.
Voiture	A carriage.
Voivode	See Waywode.
Volacious	Apt or fit to fly.
Volador	A flying fish of California (Exoc/tus Californicus): -- called also volator.
Volador	The Atlantic flying gurnard.  See under Flying.
Volage	Light; giddy.
Volant	Passing through the air upon wings, or as if upon wings; flying; hence, passing from place to place; current.
Volant	Nimble; light and quick; active; rapid.
Volant	Represented as flying, or having the wings spread; as, an eagle volant.
Volante	A cumbrous two-wheeled pleasure carriage used in Cuba.
Volapuk	Literally, world's speech; the name of an artificial language invented by Johan Martin Schleyer, of Constance, Switzerland, about 1879.
Volapukist	One who is conversant with, or who favors adoption of, Volapuk.
Volar	Of or pertaining to the palm of the hand or the sole of the foot.
Volary	See Volery.
Volatile	Passing through the air on wings, or by the buoyant force of the atmosphere; flying; having the power to fly.
Volatile	Capable of wasting away, or of easily passing into the aeriform state; subject to evaporation.
Volatile	Fig.: Light-hearted; easily affected by circumstances; airy; lively; hence, changeable; fickle; as, a volatile temper.
Volatile	A winged animal; wild fowl; game.
Volatileness	Alt. of Volatility
Volatility	Quality or state of being volatile; disposition to evaporate; changeableness; fickleness.
Volatilizable	Capable of being volatilized.
Volatilization	The act or process of volatilizing, or rendering volatile; the state of being volatilized.
Volatilized	of Volatilize
Volatilizing	of Volatilize
Volatilize	To render volatile; to cause to exhale or evaporate; to cause to pass off in vapor.
Volator	Same as Volador, 1.
Vol-au-vent	A light puff paste, with a raised border, filled, after baking, usually with a ragout of fowl, game, or fish.
Volborthite	A mineral occurring in small six-sided tabular crystals of a green or yellow color. It is a hydrous vanadate of copper and lime.
Volcanian	Volcanic.
Volcanic	Of or pertaining to a volcano or volcanoes; as, volcanic heat.
Volcanic	Produced by a volcano, or, more generally, by igneous agencies; as, volcanic tufa.
Volcanic	Changed or affected by the heat of a volcano.
Volcanically	Like a volcano.
Volcanicity	Quality or state of being volcanic; volcanic power.
Volcanism	Volcanic power or action; volcanicity.
Volcanist	One versed in the history and phenomena of volcanoes.
Volcanist	One who believes in the igneous, as opposed to the aqueous, origin of the rocks of the earth's crust; a vulcanist.  Cf. Neptunist.
Volcanity	The quality or state of being volcanic, or volcanic origin; volcanicity.
Volcanization	The act of volcanizing, or the state of being volcanized; the process of undergoing volcanic heat, and being affected by it.
Volcanized	of Volcanize
Volcanizing	of Volcanize
Volcanize	To subject to, or cause to undergo, volcanic heat, and to be affected by its action.
Volcanoes	of Volcano
Volcano	A mountain or hill, usually more or less conical in form, from which lava, cinders, steam, sulphur gases, and the like, are ejected; -- often popularly called a burning mountain.
Vole	A deal at cards that draws all the tricks.
Vole	To win all the tricks by a vole.
Vole	Any one of numerous species of micelike rodents belonging to Arvicola and allied genera of the subfamily Arvicolinae. They have a thick head, short ears, and a short hairy tail.
Volery	A flight of birds.
Volery	A large bird cage; an aviary.
Volge	The common sort of people; the crowd; the mob.
Volitable	Volatilizable.
Volitation	The act of flying; flight.
Volitient	Exercising the will; acting from choice; willing, or having power to will.
Volition	The act of willing or choosing; the act of forming a purpose; the exercise of the will.
Volition	The result of an act or exercise of choosing or willing; a state of choice.
Volition	The power of willing or determining; will.
Volitional	Belonging or relating to volition.
Volitive	Of or pertaining to the will; originating in the will; having the power to will.
Volitive	Used in expressing a wish or permission as, volitive proposition.
Volkslieder	of Volkslied
Volkslied	A popular song, or national air.
Volleys	of Volley
Volley	A flight of missiles, as arrows, bullets, or the like; the simultaneous discharge of a number of small arms.
Volley	A burst or emission of many things at once; as, a volley of words.
Volley	A return of the ball before it touches the ground.
Volley	A sending of the ball full to the top of the wicket.
Volleyed	of Volley
Volleying	of Volley
Volley	To discharge with, or as with, a volley.
Volley	To be thrown out, or discharged, at once; to be discharged in a volley, or as if in a volley; to make a volley or volleys.
Volley	To return the ball before it touches the ground.
Volley	To send the ball full to the top of the wicket.
Volleyed	Discharged with a sudden burst, or as if in a volley; as, volleyed thunder.
Volow	To baptize; -- used in contempt by the Reformers.
Volt	A circular tread; a gait by which a horse going sideways round a center makes two concentric tracks.
Volt	A sudden movement to avoid a thrust.
Volt	The unit of electro-motive force; -- defined by the International Electrical Congress in 1893 and by United States Statute as, that electro-motive force which steadily applied to a conductor whose resistance is one ohm will produce a current of one ampere. It is practically equivalent to / the electro-motive force of a standard Clark's cell at a temperature of 15 C.
Volte	of Volta
Volta	A turning; a time; -- chiefly used in phrases signifying that the part is to be repeated one, two, or more times; as, una volta, once.  Seconda volta, second time, points to certain modifications in the close of a repeated strain.
Volta-electric	Of or pertaining to voltaic electricity, or voltaism.
Volta-electrometer	An instrument for the exact measurement of electric currents.
Voltage	Electric potential or potential difference, expressed in volts.
Voltagraphy	In electrotypy, the act or art of copying, in metals deposited by electrolytic action, a form or pattern which is made the negative electrode.
Voltaic	Of or pertaining to Alessandro Volta, who first devised apparatus for developing electric currents by chemical action, and established this branch of electric science; discovered by Volta; as, voltaic electricity.
Voltaic	Of or pertaining to voltaism, or voltaic electricity; as, voltaic induction; the voltaic arc.
Voltairean	Of or relating to Voltaire, the French author.
Voltairism	The theories or practice of Voltaire.
Voltaism	That form of electricity which is developed by the chemical action between metals and different liquids; voltaic electricity; also, the science which treats of this form of electricity; -- called also galvanism, from Galvani, on account of his experiments showing the remarkable influence of this agent on animals.
Voltameter	An instrument for measuring the voltaic electricity passing through it, by its effect in decomposing water or some other chemical compound acting as an electrolyte.
Voltaplast	A form of voltaic, or galvanic, battery suitable for use electrotyping.
Voltatype	An electrotype.
Volti	Turn, that is, turn over the leaf.
Voltigeur	A tumbler; a leaper or vaulter.
Voltigeur	One of a picked company of irregular riflemen in each regiment of the French infantry.
Voltmeter	An instrument for measuring in volts the differences of potential between different points of an electrical circuit.
Voltzite	An oxysulphide of lead occurring in implanted spherical globules of a yellowish or brownish color; -- called also voltzine.
Volubilate	Alt. of Volubile
Volubile	Turning, or whirling; winding; twining; voluble.
Volubility	The quality or state of being voluble (in any of the senses of the adjective).
Voluble	Easily rolling or turning; easily set in motion; apt to roll; rotating; as, voluble particles of matter.
Voluble	Moving with ease and smoothness in uttering words; of rapid speech; nimble in speaking; glib; as, a flippant, voluble, tongue.
Voluble	Changeable; unstable; fickle.
Voluble	Having the power or habit of turning or twining; as, the voluble stem of hop plants.
Volume	A roll; a scroll; a written document rolled up for keeping or for use, after the manner of the ancients.
Volume	Hence, a collection of printed sheets bound together, whether containing a single work, or a part of a work, or more than one work; a book; a tome; especially, that part of an extended work which is bound up together in one cover; as, a work in four volumes.
Volume	Anything of a rounded or swelling form resembling a roll; a turn; a convolution; a coil.
Volume	Dimensions; compass; space occupied, as measured by cubic units, that is, cubic inches, feet, yards, etc.; mass; bulk; as, the volume of an elephant's body; a volume of gas.
Volume	Amount, fullness, quantity, or caliber of voice or tone.
Volumed	Having the form of a volume, or roil; as, volumed mist.
Volumed	Having volume, or bulk; massive; great.
Volumenometer	An instrument for measuring the volume of a body, especially a solid, by means of the difference in tension caused by its presence and absence in a confined portion of air.
Volumenometry	The method or process of measuring volumes by means of the volumenometer.
Volumescope	An instrument consisting essentially of a glass tube provided with a graduated scale, for exhibiting to the eye the changes of volume of a gas or gaseous mixture resulting from chemical action, and the like.
Volumeter	An instrument for measuring the volumes of gases or liquids by introducing them into a vessel of known capacity.
Volumetric	Of or pertaining to the measurement of volume.
Volumetrical	Volumetric.
Voluminous	Of or pertaining to volume or volumes.
Voluminous	Consisting of many folds, coils, or convolutions.
Voluminous	Of great volume, or bulk; large.
Voluminous	Having written much, or produced many volumes; copious; diffuse; as, a voluminous writer.
Volumist	One who writes a volume; an author.
Voluntarily	In a voluntary manner; of one's own will; spontaneously.
Voluntariness	The quality or state of being voluntary; spontaneousness; specifically, the quality or state of being free in the exercise of one's will.
Voluntary	Proceeding from the will; produced in or by an act of choice.
Voluntary	Unconstrained by the interference of another; unimpelled by the influence of another; not prompted or persuaded by another; done of his or its own accord; spontaneous; acting of one's self, or of itself; free.
Voluntary	Done by design or intention; intentional; purposed; intended; not accidental; as, if a man kills another by lopping a tree, it is not voluntary manslaughter.
Voluntary	Of or pertaining to the will; subject to, or regulated by, the will; as, the voluntary motions of an animal, such as the movements of the leg or arm (in distinction from involuntary motions, such as the movements of the heart); the voluntary muscle fibers, which are the agents in voluntary motion.
Voluntary	Endowed with the power of willing; as, man is a voluntary agent.
Voluntary	Free; without compulsion; according to the will, consent, or agreement, of a party; without consideration; gratuitous; without valuable consideration.
Voluntary	Of or pertaining to voluntaryism; as, a voluntary church, in distinction from an established or state church.
Voluntaries	of Voluntary
Voluntary	One who engages in any affair of his own free will; a volunteer.
Voluntary	A piece played by a musician, often extemporarily, according to his fancy; specifically, an organ solo played before, during, or after divine service.
Voluntary	One who advocates voluntaryism.
Voluntaryism	The principle of supporting a religious system and its institutions by voluntary association and effort, rather than by the aid or patronage of the state.
Volunteer	One who enters into, or offers for, any service of his own free will.
Volunteer	One who enters into service voluntarily, but who, when in service, is subject to discipline and regulations like other soldiers; -- opposed to conscript; specifically, a voluntary member of the organized militia of a country as distinguished from the standing army.
Volunteer	A grantee in a voluntary conveyance; one to whom a conveyance is made without valuable consideration; a party, other than a wife or child of the grantor, to whom, or for whose benefit, a voluntary conveyance is made.
Volunteer	Of or pertaining to a volunteer or volunteers; consisting of volunteers; voluntary; as, volunteer companies; volunteer advice.
Volunteered	of Volunteer
Volunteering	of Volunteer
Volunteer	To offer or bestow voluntarily, or without solicitation or compulsion; as, to volunteer one's services.
Volunteer	To enter into, or offer for, any service of one's own free will, without solicitation or compulsion; as, he volunteered in that undertaking.
Volupere	A woman's cap.
Voluptuaries	of Voluptuary
Voluptuary	A voluptuous person; one who makes his physical enjoyment his chief care; one addicted to luxury, and the gratification of sensual appetites.
Voluptuary	Voluptuous; luxurious.
Voluptuous	Full of delight or pleasure, especially that of the senses; ministering to sensuous or sensual gratification; exciting sensual desires; luxurious; sensual.
Voluptuous	Given to the enjoyments of luxury and pleasure; indulging to excess in sensual gratifications.
Volupty	Voluptuousness.
Volutas	of Voluta
Volutae	of Voluta
Voluta	Any one of numerous species of large, handsome marine gastropods belonging to Voluta and allied genera.
Volutation	A rolling of a body; a wallowing.
Volute	A spiral scroll which forms the chief feature of the Ionic capital, and which, on a much smaller scale, is a feature in the Corinthian and Composite capitals.  See Illust. of Capital, also Helix, and Stale.
Volute	A spiral turn, as in certain shells.
Volute	Any voluta.
Voluted	Having a volute, or spiral scroll.
Volution	A spiral turn or wreath.
Volution	A whorl of a spiral shell.
Volva	A saclike envelope of certain fungi, which bursts open as the plant develops.
Volvox	A genus of minute, pale-green, globular, organisms, about one fiftieth of an inch in diameter, found rolling through water, the motion being produced by minute colorless cilia. It has been considered as belonging to the flagellate Infusoria, but is now referred to the vegetable kingdom, and each globule is considered a colony of many individuals. The commonest species is Volvox globator, often called globe animalcule.
Volvulus	The spasmodic contraction of the intestines which causes colic.
Volvulus	Any twisting or displacement of the intestines causing obstruction; ileus.  See Ileus.
Volyer	A lurcher.
Vomer	A bone, or one of a pair of bones, beneath the ethmoid region of the skull, forming a part a part of the partition between the nostrils in man and other mammals.
Vomer	The pygostyle.
Vomerine	Of or pertaining to the vomer.
Vomica	An abscess cavity in the lungs.
Vomica	An abscess in any other parenchymatous organ.
Vomicine	See Brucine.
Vomic nut	Same as Nux vomica.
Vomited	of Vomit
Vomiting	of Vomit
Vomit	To eject the contents of the stomach by the mouth; to puke; to spew.
Vomit	To throw up; to eject from the stomach through the mouth; to disgorge; to puke; to spew out; -- often followed by up or out.
Vomit	Hence, to eject from any hollow place; to belch forth; to emit; to throw forth; as, volcanoes vomit flame, stones, etc.
Vomit	Matter that is vomited; esp., matter ejected from the stomach through the mouth.
Vomit	That which excites vomiting; an emetic.
Vomiting	The spasmodic ejection of matter from the stomach through the mouth.
Vomition	The act or power of vomiting.
Vomitive	Causing the ejection of matter from the stomach; emetic.
Vomito	The yellow fever in its worst form, when it is usually attended with black vomit.  See Black vomit.
Vomitory	Causing vomiting; emetic; vomitive.
Vomitories	of Vomitory
Vomitory	An emetic; a vomit.
Vomitory	A principal door of a large ancient building, as of an amphitheater.
Vomiturition	An ineffectual attempt to vomit.
Vomiturition	The vomiting of but little matter; also, that vomiting which is effected with little effort.
Vondsira	Same as Vansire.
Voodoo	See Voodooism.
Voodoo	One who practices voodooism; a negro sorcerer.
Voodoo	Of or pertaining to voodooism, or a voodoo; as, voodoo incantations.
Voodooism	A degraded form of superstition and sorcery, said to include human sacrifices and cannibalism in some of its rites. It is prevalent among the negroes of Hayti, and to some extent in the United States, and is regarded as a relic of African barbarism.
Voracious	Greedy in eating; very hungry; eager to devour or swallow; ravenous; gluttonous; edacious; rapacious; as, a voracious man or appetite; a voracious gulf or whirlpool.
Voracity	The quality of being voracious; voraciousness.
Voraginous	Pertaining to a gulf; full of gulfs; hence, devouring.
Vortexes	of Vortex
Vortices	of Vortex
Vortex	A mass of fluid, especially of a liquid, having a whirling or circular motion tending to form a cavity or vacuum in the center of the circle, and to draw in towards the center bodies subject to its action; the form assumed by a fluid in such motion; a whirlpool; an eddy.
Vortex	A supposed collection of particles of very subtile matter, endowed with a rapid rotary motion around an axis which was also the axis of a sun or a planet. Descartes attempted to account for the formation of the universe, and the movements of the bodies composing it, by a theory of vortices.
Vortex	Any one of numerous species of small Turbellaria belonging to Vortex and allied genera.  See Illustration in Appendix.
Vortical	Of or pertaining to a vortex or vortexes; resembling a vortex in form or motion; whirling; as, a vortical motion.
Vorticel	A vorticella.
Vorticellas	of Vorticella
Vorticellae	of Vorticella
Vorticella	Any one of numerous species of ciliated Infusoria belonging to Vorticella and many other genera of the family Vorticellidae.  They have a more or less bell-shaped body with a circle of vibrating cilia around the oral disk. Most of the species have slender, contractile stems, either simple or branched.
Vorticose	Vortical; whirling; as, a vorticose motion.
Vortiginous	Moving rapidly round a center; vortical.
Votaress	A woman who is a votary.
Votarist	A votary.
Votary	Consecrated by a vow or promise; consequent on a vow; devoted; promised.
Votaries	of Votary
Votary	One devoted, consecrated, or engaged by a vow or promise; hence, especially, one devoted, given, or addicted, to some particular service, worship, study, or state of life.
Vote	An ardent wish or desire; a vow; a prayer.
Vote	A wish, choice, or opinion, of a person or a body of persons, expressed in some received and authorized way; the expression of a wish, desire, will, preference, or choice, in regard to any measure proposed, in which the person voting has an interest in common with others, either in electing a person to office, or in passing laws, rules, regulations, etc.; suffrage.
Vote	That by means of which will or preference is expressed in elections, or in deciding propositions; voice; a ballot; a ticket; as, a written vote.
Vote	Expression of judgment or will by a majority; legal decision by some expression of the minds of a number; as, the vote was unanimous; a vote of confidence.
Vote	Votes, collectively; as, the Tory vote; the labor vote.
Voted	of Vote
Voting	of Vote
Vote	To express or signify the mind, will, or preference, either viva voce, or by ballot, or by other authorized means, as in electing persons to office, in passing laws, regulations, etc., or in deciding on any proposition in which one has an interest with others.
Vote	To choose by suffrage; to elec/; as, to vote a candidate into office.
Vote	To enact, establish, grant, determine, etc., by a formal vote; as, the legislature voted the resolution.
Vote	To declare by general opinion or common consent, as if by a vote; as, he was voted a bore.
Vote	To condemn; to devote; to doom.
Voter	One who votes; one who has a legal right to vote, or give his suffrage; an elector; a suffragist; as, an independent voter.
Voting	a. & n. from Vote, v.
Votist	One who makes a vow.
Votive	Given by vow, or in fulfillment of a vow; consecrated by a vow; devoted; as, votive offerings; a votive tablet.
Votress	A votaress.
Vouched	of Vouch
Vouching	of Vouch
Vouch	To call; to summon.
Vouch	To call upon to witness; to obtest.
Vouch	To warrant; to maintain by affirmations; to attest; to affirm; to avouch.
Vouch	To back; to support; to confirm; to establish.
Vouch	To call into court to warrant and defend, or to make good a warranty of title.
Vouch	To bear witness; to give testimony or full attestation.
Vouch	To assert; to aver; to declare.
Vouch	Warrant; attestation.
Vouchee	The person who is vouched, or called into court to support or make good his warranty of title in the process of common recovery.
Voucher	One who vouches, or gives witness or full attestation, to anything.
Voucher	A book, paper, or document which serves to vouch the truth of accounts, or to confirm and establish facts of any kind; also, any acquittance or receipt showing the payment of a debt; as, the merchant's books are his vouchers for the correctness of his accounts; notes, bonds, receipts, and other writings, are used as vouchers in proving facts.
Voucher	The act of calling in a person to make good his warranty of title in the old form of action for the recovery of lands.
Voucher	The tenant in a writ of right; one who calls in another to establish his warranty of title. In common recoveries, there may be a single voucher or double vouchers.
Vouchment	A solemn assertion.
Vouch/or	Same as Voucher, 3 (b).
Vouchsafed	of Vouchsafe
Vouchsafing	of Vouchsafe
Vouchsafe	To condescend to grant; to concede; to bestow.
Vouchsafe	To receive or accept in condescension.
Vouchsafe	To condescend; to deign; to yield; to descend or stoop.
Vouchsafement	The act of vouchsafing, or that which is vouchsafed; a gift or grant in condescension.
Voussoir	One of the wedgelike stones of which an arch is composed.
Vow	A solemn promise made to God, or to some deity; an act by which one consecrates or devotes himself, absolutely or conditionally, wholly or in part, for a longer or shorter time, to some act, service, or condition; a devotion of one's possessions; as, a baptismal vow; a vow of poverty.
Vow	Specifically, a promise of fidelity; a pledge of love or affection; as, the marriage vow.
Vowed	of Vow
Vowing	of Vow
Vow	To give, consecrate, or dedicate to God, or to some deity, by a solemn promise; to devote; to promise solemnly.
Vow	To assert solemnly; to asseverate.
Vow	To make a vow, or solemn promise.
Vowel	A vocal, or sometimes a whispered, sound modified by resonance in the oral passage, the peculiar resonance in each case giving to each several vowel its distinctive character or quality as a sound of speech; -- distinguished from a consonant in that the latter, whether made with or without vocality, derives its character in every case from some kind of obstructive action by the mouth organs. Also, a letter or character which represents such a sound.  See Guide to Pronunciation, // 5, 146-149.
Vowel	Of or pertaining to a vowel; vocal.
Voweled	Furnished with vowels.
Vowelish	Of the nature of a vowel.
Vowelism	The use of vowels.
Vowelize	To give the quality, sound, or office of a vowel to.
Vower	One who makes a vow.
Vow-fellow	One bound by the same vow as another.
Vox	A voice.
Voyage	Formerly, a passage either by sea or land; a journey, in general; but not chiefly limited to a passing by sea or water from one place, port, or country, to another; especially, a passing or journey by water to a distant place or country.
Voyage	The act or practice of traveling.
Voyage	Course; way.
Voyaged	of Voyage
Voyaging	of Voyage
Voyage	To take a voyage; especially, to sail or pass by water.
Voyage	To travel; to pass over; to traverse.
Voyageable	That may be sailed over, as water or air; navigable.
Voyager	One who voyages; one who sails or passes by sea or water.
Voyageur	A traveler; -- applied in Canada to a man employed by the fur companies in transporting goods by the rivers and across the land, to and from the remote stations in the Northwest.
Voyol	See Viol, 2.
Voyol	The block through which a messenger passes.
Vraisemblance	The appearance of truth; verisimilitude.
Vugg	Alt. of Vugh
Vugh	A cavity in a lode; -- called also vogle.
Vulcan	The god of fire, who presided over the working of metals; -- answering to the Greek Hephaestus.
Vulcanian	Of or pertaining to Vulcan; made by Vulcan; hence, of or pertaining to works in iron or other metals.
Vulcanian	Volcanic.
Vulcanic	Of or pertaining to Vulcan; made by Vulcan; Vulcanian.
Vulcanic	Of or pertaining to volcanoes; specifically, relating to the geological theory of the Vulcanists, or Plutonists.
Vulcanicity	Volcanicity.
Vulcanism	Volcanism.
Vulcanist	A volcanist.
Vulcanite	Hard rubber produced by vulcanizing with a large proportion of sulphur.
Vulcanization	The act or process of imparting to caoutchouc, gutta-percha, or the like, greater elasticity, durability, or hardness by heating with sulphur under pressure.
Vulcanized	of Vulcanize
Vulcanizing	of Vulcanize
Vulcanize	To change the properties of, as caoutchouc, or India rubber, by the process of vulcanization.
Vulcanizer	One who, or that which, vulcanizes; esp., an apparatus for vulcanizing caoutchouc.
Vulcano	A volcano.
Vulcanology	The science which treats of phenomena due to plutonic action, as in volcanoes, hot springs, etc.
Vulgar	Of or pertaining to the mass, or multitude, of people; common; general; ordinary; public; hence, in general use; vernacular.
Vulgar	Belonging or relating to the common people, as distinguished from the cultivated or educated; pertaining to common life; plebeian; not select or distinguished; hence, sometimes, of little or no value.
Vulgar	Hence, lacking cultivation or refinement; rustic; boorish; also, offensive to good taste or refined feelings; low; coarse; mean; base; as, vulgar men, minds, language, or manners.
Vulgar	One of the common people; a vulgar person.
Vulgar	The vernacular, or common language.
Vulgarian	A vulgar person; one who has vulgar ideas. Used also adjectively.
Vulgarism	Grossness; rudeness; vulgarity.
Vulgarism	A vulgar phrase or expression.
Vulgarity	The quality or state of being vulgar; mean condition of life; the state of the lower classes of society.
Vulgarity	Grossness or clownishness of manners of language; absence of refinement; coarseness.
Vulgarization	The act or process of making vulgar, or common.
Vulgarized	of Vulgarize
Vulgarizing	of Vulgarize
Vulgarize	To make vulgar, or common.
Vulgarly	In a vulgar manner.
Vulgarness	The quality of being vulgar.
Vulgate	An ancient Latin version of the Scripture, and the only version which the Roman Church admits to be authentic; -- so called from its common use in the Latin Church.
Vulgate	Of or pertaining to the Vulgate, or the old Latin version of the Scriptures.
Vulnerability	The quality or state of being vulnerable; vulnerableness.
Vulnerable	Capable of being wounded; susceptible of wounds or external injuries; as, a vulnerable body.
Vulnerable	Liable to injury; subject to be affected injuriously; assailable; as, a vulnerable reputation.
Vulnerableness	The quality or state of being vulnerable; vulnerability.
Vulnerary	Useful in healing wounds; adapted to the cure of external injuries; as, vulnerary plants or potions.
Vulnerary	A vulnerary remedy.
Vulnerate	To wound; to hurt.
Vulneration	The act of wounding, or the state of being wounded.
Vulnerose	Full of wounds; wounded.
Vulnific	Alt. of Vulnifical
Vulnifical	Causing wounds; inflicting wounds; wounding.
Vulnose	Having wounds; vulnerose.
Vulpes	A genus of Carnivora including the foxes.
Vulpic	Pertaining to, derived from, or designating, an acid obtained from a lichen (Cetraria vulpina) as a yellow or red crystalline substance which on decomposition yields pulvinic acid.
Vulpicide	One who kills a fox, except in hunting; also, the act of so killing a fox.
Vulpine	Of or pertaining to the fox; resembling the fox; foxy; cunning; crafty; artful.
Vulpinic	Same as Vulpic.
Vulpinism	The quality of being cunning like the fox; craft; artfulness.
Vulpinite	A scaly granular variety of anhydrite of a grayish white color, used for ornamental purposes.
Vultern	The brush turkey (Talegallus Lathami) of Australia.  See Brush turkey.
Vulture	Any one of numerous species of rapacious birds belonging to Vultur, Cathartes, Catharista, and various other genera of the family Vulturidae.
Vulturine	Of or pertaining to a vulture; resembling a vulture in qualities or looks; as, the vulturine sea eagle (Gypohierax Angolensis); vulturine rapacity.
Vulturish	Vulturous.
Vulturism	The quality or state of being like a vulture; rapaciousness.
Vulturous	Like a vulture; rapacious.
Vulva	The external parts of the female genital organs; sometimes, the opening between the projecting parts of the external organs.
Vulva	The orifice of the oviduct of an insect or other invertebrate.
Vulviform	Like a cleft with projecting edges.
Vulvitis	Inflammation of the vulva.
Vulvo-uterine	Pertaining both to the vulva and the uterus.
Vulvovaginal	Pertaining both to the vulva and the vagina.
Vyce	A kind of clamp with gimlet points for holding a barrel head while the staves are being closed around it.
Vying	a. & n. from Vie.
